 ^her ustoundiugly eon.piieuU.u and graceful semi-divine gymnastics, Tow at d the close of the ballettheLionywastakeuwith-acramp,but-persistingin ustogether. Gentlemen,fromapositionofentirese-their thunders againat : Slavery, and calling upon the people in tho name of tho God wi.cm they worthy ped to give their utmost efforts totheacVompliobmeui'ofthoobjecttheninview—thetwo great bections of the country, may with your co- may bo necessary to make it effective. But we are•office of t h e Momteur.tvantof rhetorical perspicacityNot-that this want of clearness is entirely acci- dentul. T h e indefiuitene** of several of the articles ' <of the tamoun reformatory decree is, doubtless, ofhonest man and a gentleman—for the rest a Liberal, ••withinNapoleonichunts. Billault,whousedtobe a fibcrnlish Deputy in Ixmis Philippe's time is to beone of the Ministers without portiolio—Ministers in jparttbus—oratorical Ministers, to defend Government measures before the Houses. Minister Magne, one ofdopajr. Tho question OMIHUUUJ, forcos itw>If upon my mind, of infidelity to the North, or of feoiug, cap iu. baud, VViiati*tot/«do»>e? Canwedoauythingtoavertthegrent sneaking,toseekfavorofanydesenptioufromthe cnl. mity which injpend* m our couuti^ ? W e must lo»k the South. I demand nothing, and we demand nothing darter ut the face, and torve our»el»es lor the manly dtaohnrgeol'ou'cu'y,comev>Li>imny."Whatcanbedone?.Itisnow iromit.Butletmosay,astothoNorth,thatIhave eyidtntthatwohavereachedaorisiswAchwillcompelthetwo nofearofthedishonestpoliticiansofthoNorth—there *ectiona to come together ana. agree on a now and friendly are dishonest.politicians everywhere. I have no fear uuderbt&nding.orekethe> mustseparateandform new nation- ofthosewhoaredenominatedtheleadersattheNorth. aliticK. 'lh«.y must consent to some linal settloojent of theenjoyment of the bleswmgs that we now have, shall peopletheplainsandhillsofAfrica—whenthatconti- nent shall haveitscities,itscommerce,itsarmiesand navies—while the Southern States of this Union will be obliged to sustain ah unequal conflict ordeliver forth to the freedom of their native region theKblack slaves within their borders. And thus, if, indeed, it ho within . the scheme of Almighty Providence, as theee fanatic's seem to think, toelevate this black race, tlat peoplewill ho elevated by their own instrument-a fair opportunity shall be prosented of a distinct and simplevoteoftheNorthuponthefullrecognitionof all yourconstitutionalrights,averylargemajorityia nearly every Northern State will be found true to the Cont-titution,andtruetothefraternal relations estab- lh-bed by it between you and us.III. The Fugitive Slave Law. Eight or nine States have passed laws calculated, if not designed, to embarraestbe surrender of fugitive slaves; wrong as these enactments are in principle aud in purpose, they have beenjpractically nugatory. W e believe no fugi-will find himself at home. Algiers is to be ruledHence its raggodnees andtheforceof.sogreat»calamity,byr*ri-in#^npeadewiterJMnofthe«5»«on8ofthe "Chambers," is like ><withadifference)toth«*sepii,sub-semi,andunrecog- nized suo-semi-non-ofltcial.teutatory pamphlets andtlieyart-hifluoncedbyevilmotives,andtakeadvantage luws at tho close of that contest., I believe theUnionasaState,tho inhabitantsmay,inframiugtbeirCon- and wantonly Ku&ff&i If undorval.dagthegrent <>ffhe]>rc*ent.stateofthingsforthepurposeofadvanc- that every step wherein we have deoarted stitution,decideforthemselves whetherit shallauthorizeor ex- boonofourprosperity,w«cannolongerconsenttoen- ingprivateendsandaims,Icannotfind,faultwiththe fromthe"fundamentallawsofthatdaywasamis- cludeSlavery. • joyitmcommon,letusdividewhatwepossessonthapaper writers, is within and teiikout certain large limitations, a sort of organ of Prince Napoleon Prince Napoleon's private life, phases of which he has shamelessly let be public, Is, in many respects shamefully low, base, debauched; but as poli- tician, Prince Napoleon wishes to set himself up as a liberal, and many think (I do not) that his influ- ence,enters largely among tne causes of the reform-atory^ decree.Beside what may be regarded as the constitu- tional reforms made or promised by the multifarious decree of Nov. 24, its articles contain other pro- visions too notable to be passed over in silence. Butth*y are so closely connected with other decrees of Nov. 26, that they may well be treated together under the one head of Ministerial changes. Let those only who follow the current histoiy of Prance with some particularity of interest pay any heed to the following paragraph:Minister Billault of the Interior, within whose jurisdiction come all matters relating to the news- papers and the iniquitous law on the press, is re- placed by M . Persignj, now Embassador a t London, •one of the few sincere Napoleonists—an equallystruggled to sustain itself •'against the rabidly accumu- who otherwise will not see, that principle, aud thac the country if time for action be given, to those who JudgePaigeofSchenectadyandothers. Fromtho dearestint-iitutionsinsucharegardthatthedestruc- South.[Applause.]Iwillnotsaypreciselyinwhatform IL The.Repu'dican Party. Itcannotpossiblyre-Hon. JOHW MCKJKON then rose and addressed the meeting a t some length. l i e said, I know not how ft* itisproposedbythis Comndtteetogo. Fromthore- marks made by yourself and by the gentleman whoast spoke, I supixjae that the address ia intended for heSouth. 1will speak frankly. I have been U Washington several times within the last three or four weeks. I was satisfied before the election that if it resultedinthechoiceofMr.Lincoln,thisUnioaT h eSouthasthat*effectivemajoritywhichrepresentsthe posteritybythosewhofouudedtherepublic.There-'fee'irgs and interests of the South, and I look upon the fore, gentlemen, I would not have a new Cpns'titutiou,Iserth as it is represented by tbat effective majority and obliterate that great instrument sanctified by the•v\ hi< h speaks the voice of the North. And, looking at name of George Washington, President. [Applause.]theniinthisway,Iaeothatthoreisanimperiousne- 1wouldnotsaytothepresentgeneration,ortopos- oftheGovernmentfromitsorganizationtotheyear!' •' S P E E C H E SBYRICI1ARDLATHERS,CHARLESO'CONOR, JOHN A. DDC, JOHN MCKEON, DANIEL S. DICKINSON, ANDHIKAM K.ETCIJUM.inhuenccd by bad or good motives. I look upon the return to the glorious rules and principles written for ! speak particularly ot the City of New-York; and w e If, on trV other hand (which may God' grant t),yo«course, to flow on, as it must, with no future dissea- sions te disturb it, and in perpetually increasing vol--YORK DABLt TRIBUNE, MONI^X McyEMBER 17, 188fr. threewhodetestthelifeandconversationofthepeopleiStates,thatwereadoptedintimeethattriedmen's, Territorialquestion,and ftssuming asabasisotsettle-1M»H " " ii"Hum ' ' . "' |"'"i<i H l FMCiPLESiJ!IEW-Y0RL:GovernmentatWashington.[Applause.]NotasajundertheguidanceofAlmightyProvidence,werelay-mAdti»T.<>fanyltatoin ftffi^Sgl^SffiSSjSt -^«andabroad,whichforourgoodInamemustnotb*oftheBoothacquirethepoliticalcontroloftheCentral Isouls; atatimewhen the Fathers of thisRepublic, ment the following grounds:* •' .. . M •-.- _.^" i • ioilier subject of personal ownership. . , • *ua ^nnnn Ar 2. So long as the Territorial oondit ton exiHts, the relntion of jpurpow. Thedecree,publishedasitis,inthein- TheDouglasandBellPartiesonthetbeinevitableconsequence;andalthoughImaydislike dotopresided.overthoseevents,andthejudgments masterandslaveisnottob4disturbedbyFodendorlocallejfU- particularindividualsattheSouth,andbelievethat thStwerepronouncedastowbatwerethefundamental 3.°WheneveraTerritory shaUbe entitled to admissioninto„ great interests within and viitbout—on the ocean, in our cities and towas, in onr widely.exUu<^dJmternalimprovements, in our-fields andatcHirfireiade*—wuichmustnotbeinconHideraiei/tiiug that must, happen on the instant, but which mr.st • ing the fouiidations of the hrst great free State that pretty toon follow. It is tho natural, the necessary, j cver existed. „ [Applause.] I believe that Divine wis-' "Breckinridge Platform.newspaper articles. It is a feeler stretched out SELECT FUSION MEETING. Southas a unit. IlookupontheSouth:isaunit,and take, and that if there be any errors existing We stand on those' ground now. Wobelievethe oneband,andwhatweoweontheother;andsjvetb«•over public opinion. The reformatory measures will be apt to take their final definite shape, with reference to the indications of the publio want pro- voked by ite publication in its present ambiguous phrase. Napoleon,new.isdoubtlesswatchingwithmost solicitous vigilance all thru,* indications.xnoftt significant o f these indications a r e t o b e found in the manifestations of the Freueh press, already referred to. The general tone of them is this::tbeee concessions are good, quite unexpectedlygood;; they imply a- good deal more than they^promise; they cannot stop" here, that is, oannotlogically atop here; they are a **commence-Jt&en't," a. first step (premier' pas) toward the««crowning of the edifice" with a liberty-"wrcatb. It is quite worthy of notice that theOpinione Rationale insists upon this, that the decreeofthe24thNovember,isbutthepremier pas.TheOpinionNational?,whichhasbeenveryin-u( un the Jn'orth as a nnit. I do not take account of at this time, in otir practice, political or otherwise, the I controversy can be adjusted on no^other. Many who Kepubli.-the/noblest the world has seeu—from themen at the South who are influenced bv bud motives. only efficient cure for them is togo back to the platform i sustained in the late 'canvass a'candidate/who did notI do not take accomit of the men at the North who are Upon which our fathers stood-—[loud applause]—-and ; assent to them, disagreed with him in opinion, vvehorrors of civil w a r and the degradation of financial dicr<dit£ceshity, if the South cannot otherwise protect itselfterity, that we could improve itby altering one single1820. running through the successive administratmns of Washington, the elder Adams, Jefferson, and Madison. The Territory north-west of the Ohio River, in-whichagainst the aggreeeive spirit of the North, a real neces-A meeting of about 100 of the more prominent memr sity for this act of secession. [Faint applause.] Now, ling to add—for we have commentators on the mostdividual m^nibertu A » t o Uvuth Carolina, nothing can probablybe dene -with any promise of nuccd*. 1Jut perhup* the ••pideojio otherwise, in the South, and God gavo roc -A, physical God when we say "America ror tho white Caucasian, In Boston the Union party triumphed by a.majority ofmay be staged in ita progrem weatwa:d. If Georgia can bo constitution that would not permit me to live live ile- Africa lor the negro, who was born in it, who is several thousand votes in the late municipal election, H\wd, the State* lyu.g went of her ure in much IOHHdungtir. gi ces further South than the country in which I nu rtdaptcd to its climate, and there, in a physical sense at and the abolitionibts have been expelled by the peoplemade that declaration publicly, it would be supposed that I had political objects to promote, and 1 communi- cated that- intelligence to my f>iend«. I am satisfiedrather; much rather, that this meeting could be pro- ple and our representatives in Congress would ear- representative government in both nemispheres, we of free government throughout the world, we have bat she will plunge into the yawuingabyas, where again by military law and military arbitrariness, and sided over by some gentleman, remarkable, if you nestly mite, might give to our friends at the South appeal to you by the sacred memory of tnat fraternal sought, by all practicable meuns, to maintain it by car- be will be forever doomed toiulamy, dishonor and (I theFrench(who,allhoughthemostspirituelpeople j-lease,lorntithavingnilnertomanifestedanyinterest assurancesthatpoliticalpowercannotandwillnotbe f1iendshipwhichboundourforefatherstogetherthrough ryingput,withscrupulousfidelity,thecompromisesof ;ear)enolec<8tyranny. [Loudapplause].that their Aigerine colony doet» not flourish. Some of the Ministerial appointments oi the past week are thought to be only provisional; so I may soon have to send > ou repoi t of new changes.of Connecticut, who but ve*terdny, stepping forward j w e nnord them guaranties ? I think we can... [Ap- which has conducted us, under the protection ot the question now than we have been ut any previous time.lrom the ranks of the so^ctdled Keptiblican party, and ' . ntenc-itig to take pan in this meeting, because invited."American, devoted to conciliation, tt?harmony, to hold- said before, who havo been misled and deceived—who by. all the endearing recollections with which tuis as- be acccmplifched, unless it is defeated by precipitateac- ing us together, to perpetuating our inteiests and our have been misled and deceived in a very great degree, sociation is hallowed, we conjure, you to pause before tion on your part.Union, proclaimed hi the Senate of the United Stateii not b> poliln ians, but by persons in othor walks of the current of. disunion shall acquire a force which, lhese are a few of the grounds on which we rely forcarrjiingouthershareoftheperformanceallthe aame,wasapplaudedtotheecho.ThefavoriteIm- perial more or less quick step is of the double-shuf- JHe order. People here are applauding to encourage him to dance it straight out, aod many of the most sensibleofthemrathertniukthathewill.THEEMPEEOELII3EEALIZ1NGHISGOVEKN- AIENT.cimionfrompoliticalinterestsandpublicaffairs.1navehnooeciJtdou,nutioia'week,itmoutii,oraiLigleycar,but lor a number of years, to peruse with great atten-tion the Lietory ol the timcb presented to us by the ac- ing the canvass that we have jubt passed through, the tlu st acts ol hostility is not interior to your own. W e tion ol political parties; and 1 have sjeu, as 1 conceive ]ul} it was alm< st silent upon the subject. Tne pcr- take things as they-exist, to deal with them as an evil curinga]eiiodoisomeyottis'duration, atendencyin t-on.swhospokefromthepulpitweresofewinnumber nettobeeradicatedbyviolence,buttoberemediedby political action that, in my judgment, necessarily .led,dangerthatisuponus.InotherdaysIhad.thehonor «1 tobeastetiatedwitbthatsomewhateccentricbutpin-G-aud elevated patriot, Calhoun (he has KOUQ to his restand his reward) and Henry Clay, who looked over thisUnion with a roli< itude scarcely less anxious than that theSaviorofmenbestoweduponJerusalem; beisno6here now to take part iu the ailairs of tho day, and ifthib Union is to be dissolved, a* I religiously believe it is,Heaveniumercyhasgrantedtheprayerofthepat-riotic Webster, that when his eyes last beheld the sunin heaven it might not shine upon the fragments of adissevered Union. From New- jf.iik. and lrom mo»t of f! the Northern States, every individual wuo thought ao Ididinformertimesof1eilim>roiir.-dtoprivatelife, u and their names supplied, their seats nave been fided bythose of diametrically opposite opinions.But more true joy MorocUus, exiled, feela 'Ihi.u C«MT witti the cxw&te at txi* hovhuThis Union of States did not repose at other timee^ anddocsnotreposeto-day,uj>onjutperlawsandpaper oonrtitutions. it was founded in mutual friendship,and regard, and common intereste, and when then©fraternal feelings cease to exist a r*ore |>aper constitu- .lus <- <ii»u.i•• -t: .U t/e prerfeuteU to ine Senate: i*-K project ol st i-Mirport» ot ti.e »it;ii<^» ot ill*. Sei—»o and tue.l^^gi.lauve *' Ti4« reports ot ti.e{ote>-, and ah thej-urpoexs oi this queeiio i, uistinct na- —u>at two eif.ut.ct nations can hve togetJOerinLo •repiesehte—the dominant se<.'t {the Presbyterian)into two or more empires, jealous of each other, and emli teieo by the'remembrance of diderencea which w->; had not tne justice; or the magnanimity to compose.Letusexaminebrieflythegroundson.whichwere- roce our trust in a speedy accommodation of the exist- ing disagreement between the .North arid the South. .although never dreaming, tbat 1 j^iould be oa tho national' beards of legislation—knowing little of this great question/computed with what 1 kuow now I resistedtberepeal0%thatlawtothebestofmyability uslongasIcouldbyarguments,aslongas1couldby fair efiorts. and, finally, wheu driven to it, I resisted itit magnanimous-r-naywe are as eager as ever to renew the contest on groundsessentially .your own, and leave us to carry it on inutter hopelessness for want of your cooperatiou audaid? W e cannot doubt the response you will give totlis appeal. You cannot fail to «>ee that by hastily sep- that coula be advocated. It is not au amendment ofword of provision of it.' [Applause.] I would be wil-bert of the late Fusion Party, selected with tolerable 'is the eecession to come 1 Weak men seem to fear it. sacred things—I would be. willing to add a provision Slavery was prohibited by an ordinance adopted nnder ume and force; it wall be the mo*t cheeringcoiWUmr Some bad men undoubtedly desire it. The South is for the purpose of removing disputes by way ofcarry- the articles of confederation, was an exceptional case. of our lives, tbat, in contributing to so happy an issoe fairness from the Douglas, Bell and Breckinridge fac- full, I am sore, of men.who are anxious to prevent it. ir.g out and more completely ana exactly executing the -In the other Territories emigrants from the Stutes were out of the prevailing gloom, we have neither miMJudgedtions was held en Saturday, in an upper room in No. I am tuie that there are numerous weLl-kuown seces- things that are in it. Now, we are told by the highest freely admitted with slaves when composing a part of your rmtnotism, nor the willingness of our conuu**- 32 Pine street. sion leaders who lead for the.purpose of leading aright, authority, by that which we are all willing to bow to, their families. The adoption of the Missouri Com- countrymen to do you justice.At12jo'clockMr.RICHARD LATHKRS, theprime £ndleadingintheend,iftheycan,themultitudewho theSupremeCourtoftheUnitedStates,tnattheJDec- promiseundertheAdministrationofMr.Monroewas Themotionwasagreedto,andtheCHAIRappointed lollow through the wilderness of doubt and dismay into laration of Independence and the, Constitution, of the the first departure from tbe practice of the Govern- he following gentlemen to constitute that Committer*moverofthemeeting,calledittoorder,andaftera thepiomisealandofUnionandiiaternity.[Ap- UnitedStatesweremadebyandforthefreewhite mentundertheConstitution.Wemustgobacktotbe JohnA.Dix, KlhuaHhjghiH, JwrawT.3outtec,littletpteebnominatedCbas.O'jConor,esq.,forPresi-plaot-c.']Ideemutterlyunworthytheobservation4?auc«sianraceinhabitingtheseUnitedStates.[Ap-policyofthefoundersoftheRepublicifwehopetothattheSouthhasoffended. Asaunitithas,nos plause.] AndIwouldaddaprovisiontotheConstitu- preservetheUnion. Webelievethisgreatobjectcan0«org«E.Baldwin,AlgernonS.Jorvhi,Satu'lJ.Tiiden, (JerardHallock, RoyalFholtw, B«t>j.NoH,.idwin CroeweU, Thomaa W. Ludlow, JohnL- OSutUvaa, St«ph«n P. BUKWI, Wihwn O. Hunt, John McKnon,dent, aLd three Secretaries. T h e nominations wereRichardLathersbyHenryGourdinofSouthCarolina, latingmajorityofthosewhoholdthemandtheir wouldguaianteecompleteprotectioutothepeopleofthe haveitsdestiniesintheirhands.sanely styled a Government journal by the corre-pondent of The London Times, and other news were accepted, and letters were read addressed to Mr. offended, (Loud applause/] As a unit it has only tion embracing, for the purpose of convincing those be accomplished, and that harmony may be restored toJa«. w . BeeJoxan, W«tt« Sherman, John H. Brower,GuuUvua W. Smith, Wm. JEC. AjpinwuQ. John JA. Harbour, C: A. Davht Thoma« W . Clarko, Stewart Browiuletters read w e select the following:ALBANT, Deo. 13,1880.I regret that 1 cannot meet with yon oa tho 15th inat. Con-tionofthoseinteieetsandthewholecountrywasm> thatwoiddbeadded.1willnotsayit,notbecauseIhave mainunbrokenduringthetermoftheincomingAdmin- ceeirary. Theretoro I say that there is no fault in the not duly and fully reflected on it, and am not prepared to istration. The two chief elements—the political and South, as a whole, and it has nothing to atone fur. .^iiv it, but because it may as well be left for greater religious—can never harmonize in practice. The pro-sultutioDbhouldnolongerbedelayed &t»to the rneaaure*tob*> [Applause.] Letuslook, then,tothe North. And£ men than 1 to have the honor of putting it ia cessofi&purationhasalieadycommenced. Whilethoseadopted by tb« conservative nionof New-Yorkinthepresent askvhatarewoto say ofourselves? Why,I am' form,and suggesting thewayinwhich ic should^be whoostensiblyrepresentthereligious elements areasciarr^rncv. A n uddLie-m fxum a Committee to tho pcoplo of myself a native of the North. My anocritora came adopted. Kow, gentlemen, there is no inhumanity, fierce as ever in their denunciations, leading poli-th* i>outh has beeu »uzge*ted—oue in the voin of Ovu. IHx'n from a country ten degrees ueaier the pole thaa the there i» no seliishness, there is nothing that men can ticians, no doubt in view of tbe responsibility to de- li-tter ouffht cert-dnly to produco a n olfect. U u t . instead o f that,orinadditiontoit,1thLukaDriegatioushouldbeuontfromthis countryinwhichIlive. IamachildoftheN«>rth'* fitedfiiultwithinhiyingdowntherulethatAmerica. volveonthePrerinentelectincarryingtheGovern- State to Georgia, to be present at the Convention about to bo every sense. I have scarcely a friend, I have no Cv,«- wa*» made for a free wnite Caucasian race, and its de- ment, have renounced ultra opinions, and proclaimedwas at an end. You may have observed that I took held there, to addrasn the Convention nud to mingle with ita in- respondence, and I have no jnteretta, political **T velopment. We but follow the judgment of Almighty the duty of enforcing an eflicient Fugitive Slave law. no part in the political campjugn. I believed tbat if I2r-ven il'delaying onl> cun be obtoiued, a rc'aotion in public opin- 1laced. So 1 can have no personal interest*, <'jm be hftiM, can beot flounsh?" [Applause.] VVhy, if ,we from the public halls iu wbich they attempted to hold now tbat the Union is at an end. [Cries of " No> no," ion at the Svuth maybe hoped lor in time to prevent a soptra-tion. 1 think th<: chlvalroua loelinx of the South will revolt at the idea ol abandoning UK of the North in our effort to rocorer the National Adminihtrati-. n f</ur years hence, in view of tho fact that w e huve pl*c« d ourftehwe in helpleeo miiioritie* at tho North in BtiuggUng to recaie the jnst righu of the South.AMASA J. PAJRKER. LOCK-OUT, D e c 12,18«0.suspected of no personal interests, or ought not at leaot incommonjustice,tobesuspectedofpersonulviews, when I say tliat the South, speaking ot it as a unit, as one subject, as one portion of this country, has not of- fended, and has only struggled for its life to keep its bead above^thc rapidly advancing waters of this blackestablish the principle that this is a free white itepub- lityandnotthehomefortheblackman,andirthe liee black man has in bis nature and Constitution a capacity of being elevated to power, and of being civ- ilized, ChristLmized, what a mighty empire of free; enlightenedj independent, powerful men you will have inAfricawithinacenturyortwo?.Andiftheyaretittheir disorganizing assemblies. In other cities of New- Englandthesamereactionhastakenplace; Thethe- orists arid the politicians can never hold together when measures of Government are to be agreed on; and it is not believed that the Republican party can sustain itself for a single year on the basis ot the principles on whichitwas,organized. >•from all parts of the room.] Let gentlemen hear me, [Avoice,"Heartheotherside,too."]CHAIRMAN—I hope gentlemen will enable me to pre- serve order, so that tho impression may not go out that this has been a disorderly meeting.J l r . MCKEON—M.y countrymen m a y 'believe m e whenIstatemyconviction. IhopethatImaybe wrong. I conversed with a Southern gentlcmaa in Washington, and I appealed to him not to stir out of the Union in consequence of the election of Mr. Lincoln. Said I, '• He has been elected under the Constitution; why not submit aud allow us to cor- rect tbe public opinion of the North V The auewer was."OurreasonforleavingisbecauseMr.Lincoln has been elected under the Constitution. Ix>ok to the part.Forthelast25yearsyoubavebeentaughtto believethatweattheSouthwereengagedincriminal conduct. Your presses and your pulpits have de- nounced usas ciimiuals and felons. You bavede- clared that Slavery shall gfo no further. That decla- ration has at last taken the form allowed by the Con- stitution. We are a conquered people. It is not poetd- ble for us to hve in partnership when such denuncia- tion is poured upon us." The work to be done is to b* done here in the North. [Applause.] There is no sal-vation for us unless a blow is struck in the North. [Applause.] You. Mr. Chairman, have adverted to one symptom of change that has been exhibited iu the pulpit. The next symptom that I would point to is tho recent election in Boston. [Applause.J Another is therecentspeechoftheSenatorfromConnecticut,to which allusion has been made. People to-day do not believe that we arc in danger. Let me make a proph-_IhavejustreceivedyourdispatchinvitingmetobeiuNow- eeaolAbolitionism,whichthieatenstodrownit.[Ap-York.ou fcnturday. tnetd not expuv* to you the deep pain and rlaufe.] S<> much, as to the South. Now, tie to the for freedom, if they can enjoy and sustain self-govern- It is a mistake to imagine that the whole Republicaniuixiotv with which I have observed thodoplojable state of ourpublic urJturs. At tiiuett it Las appeared to me th-tt nothing l(>4tt iS'oith. Gentlemen, do I stand here to shmder it? than Li\Ui* i^>wer can save our Union from destruction. Alaa • Not at all. AU my pride, all my affections, alt my in- thai a nation so blet*»ed by Heaven nhould oe rent and ditttrooted tercsts are here—my birth was in the North, and myparty, or.even the great bulk of it,is really at heartsincere friend of tho Anglo-French alliance, au ond brrXen intc warrh'g fragments by th«> madueas of human grave et.-all be iu the North. Let no man suspect mo [i*i.»:(.L.. Iiut w e xuost not look on with cilent apathy andanimated by any spnit hostile to the rights or menaciug to the interests of the South. Anti-Slaveryism has constituted but one of various political elements com- bined in that "Republicanism" which has elected M r .the oldest ofNapoleon's Ministerial clerks, retires,or is whole Sla>yr> cn^oversy, remove the aubject lrom Federal There is no source of e\il whatever'in the North, ex-withdrawn, from the Ministry of the Treasury, and is politic*, ceaMs curbing ou ootn i.3d<«;, and form a genuine Union, cept the honeet, conscientious mistake'of the honest,made an Advocate Minister, without portfolio, to de- or else disunion l*inevitable, with the locg tram of urnes and conscientious people of the North, who have drank calamities which is sine to follow. Now, can tho North andfend and debate the budget and financial bills in the South l e brought to a friendly understanding ? jtxtreme, men into their bosoms this dreadful error; that it is their .legislative body. FJabaut de la BiUarderie, a gen- in both sectivUB, mJgmtvd by "powerful pasalouB, will duty.before God and man, according to worldly honor,as French Minister at the Court of St. James. M. We-must rtmain faithful to the las*. VV'e are bounu to make j>«?w und det»-rn ir.ed efl'orts so l^ng a* tlioro is a ray of hope to Flahaut has had large diplomatic experience. . Un- cheer us in the bob work. After much leiiection, it bcerns to der the Parliamentary regime he was a liberal. So r.;e that the only solution of out present dithcul.ieii must bo louml in a National (.onvention, cal'edi't thecoustitutionalmodo; was Billault. Some folks* still think, not utterly >-nd that our tii>t endeavor should he to oeourett, by au appeal toni-my ol this Union in its present form depeud. [Ap- tlause.J .There are noenemies to this Uniou except tho onest, virtuous, couftientiuus people of the North,ht/uid iu the way,of any juat compromise. But patriota to crush out and to trample upon the system of Slavery ality, and in a climate most congenial to their comtitu-tleman now 75 jenrs old, takes the place of Persigny v.ho love their whole country, must not desort their pobt. upon which the prosperity of the South, and the perma-tion, mental and physical. Gentlemen, i. have already tive from service or labor has beeu discharged under kept you too long. . This, to be sure, is agreat subject, any one of them. They are, nevertheless, utterly inde- and I always f<cvl, when I speak upon it,,that I must fensible as the index of'.unfriendly feeling; they have either say altogether too little or weary the patience of wrought, in practice, the further injury of ftiruishiugment, that is the way in which benevolence, whichturns away from Ihe white man, and aims at, elevatingthe black man, can have its full gratification. And iftl e black men of the South shall one day attain theirliberty, it will be when hundreds of millions of en-lightened:,Christian,civilizedblackmen,inthefull Lincoln. Wejoledgeourselvestoyou,thacwheneverwbote action is to bo feared. Let us draw away that those who may be obliged through courtesy to listeu. an example of infidelity to constitutional obligation—withoutreason,despitewhathasbeendoneunder CongressandtotheloversoftheOnion,iNorthaudSouth ina support,andthatinstantthisdisturbing,mischievous 1havedone.WehavemettoassuretheSouthchat aninjurytousaswellastoyou;andnoonedoubtsJBiilault's Ministry against the freedom of the press,that Billault still has iiberalist tendencies. But rep-utable old M. Flahaut is eminently fit for the BritishEmbassy, because he married an English noble lady;and for the representative of the sou of Hortense,body thut> constituted, 1 cannot but betievo a large majori'y would hnahy concur iu preet-ntiufi a basis of uniou wuich would be latiiicd b> the Mutes arid the people. In whatevor it>done at thin time, it is very deniable to have the cooperation of the more moderate Republican*, whoareready tosacrifice'their, party to suve the country. There axe souie such, and I trust that the number Mill incieose dully. It may be advisable to call a State Convention, iu the first instanco. to give oxpres»ion to thocontroversy ende, and our Union renews its youth, we are their friends. We have met toprosent to them, tlat they will, when brought before the judicial tribu-and appears before us as an institution designed to'peiv m the strongest form in our power, the assurance of nals of the countrv, be pronounced violations or eva-je'tuity, and to bless untold millions for untold ages. our continued action in theirfavor, and to concert such sions of a duty enjoined by the Constitution, aud esy. Within the next thirty dayh I believe tbat Southbecauseiie passes lor ihther of Countdo Horny, who national feeling ol New-York, and its continued desire to pr«.is hall brother to the Lmperor. The new Minister 8ei\e and cheiisb the Union of the States. Should such a Con-[Applause.] T b e first offensive blow will b e the commencement of civil war. [Applause.]a personal friend and iavoiite of Emperor and from four of the Southern States, satisfy me that disunion inEmpress,takestheMinistry,withsomeconsiderable ine-vitable. Yours,verytruly, KitANCISL.HAWlvS.measures as may lead to staying the progress of thatjurtiliable discontent, "I insist upon calling it so—(ap-plause)—to stay the affirmative, final action of thatour errors, and to withdraw political power from those justifiable discontent until we shall have had an oppor- por&onofliberty bill, aud the question, as we under- who would ute it destructively. There is no other tunity^l changing the existing state of things, ami re-, stand, is yet undecided in the hands of a Committee.jApplauee*) Now, gentlemen, where is our hope ? Why, it is in having a little space of time to look about us here at the North—in havintr a little timftto correctmost hopeless- of the Republican States, to repeal herCarolina will be out of the Union, and by the 4th of March tbe Cotton States will follow. [Voice*—" No, no."] But no force will be used toward the South.vention be called, J will endeavor to h«i there, I write thit inofFinanceislegitimatehaltbrotheroftholatefa- haste,andwilloidyaddthatinwhateverineasurefiyoumay<,meant—-thereinnootherremedy.Thoquestionis lievingtheSouthfromthepresentpositionofaffairs. Massachusetts,itisbelieved,willrepealhersatthe Mr.McKeonrecommended,on thepartot*tuomous Marshal fct. Arnaud. Note that he has been an ardent auvocate ol the commercial treaty lately concluded between England and France.adopt to irM-ue our country liom ruin, you may rely ou vay sin- this: Can we obtain a little time ? Can we induce the Tl at is to say, a party who believes it a duty to sup- approaching session of her Legislature. Nor is it dou.bt- North, a repeal of the Personal Liberty bills, thecereaudcordialsupport WASHINGTON JAUNT.The following was sent to Mr. Brooks:Southtobtlieveinourcontinuedfidelity,-tobelievein pressandcrush.outSlavery,beingiupossessionofpo- eathutMr.Lincoln,whohaspubliclydeclaredthatthe recognition of equal rights in the common Ter-the practicability of accomplishing our hopes, aud that litical power as it icspects the central goverument, we Fugitive Slave law must be faithfully executed, will thus harmony may be restored, and such a state of may not be able to control that party in particular exert his influence to procure the abrogation of all con- things created by tho way of proper guaranties as will Stales, but wiihin a very short period I sincerely be- flicting enactments by the States. That it is the duty rt-ncertheSouthsalewithinthoUnion1Now,un- lieveweshallbeable,andItrustweshallsatisfythe. oftheStatestorepealthem,withoutwaitingfortheg o o d u e e s t o e x p l a i n t o t h e g e n t l e m e n w h o m n y a s s e i n b i o a t t h e y d o u b t e d l y a v o i c e c o m i n g f r o m t h e C i t y o f N e w - Y o r k S o u t h o f t h a t f a c t , t o h u r l t n a t p a t t y f r o m p o w e r , a n d C o u r t s t o p r o n o u n c e t h e m i u v a l i d , 110 m a n w o o j u s t l y othce.of A lt. Lathers to-day that events, beyond m y control willThe Hon. JOHN A. Dix then rose and addressed theandolkeepingoutofpowerthisdangerousparty meetingasfollowa—Ftllow-citizensandBrethrenof firmlymaintainedyourrights.underthem. Previous lieve,hesaidiuconclusion,wearejustopeningagreatwhose first advent to power—the very name of its ad- the South: It has become our painful duty to address differences of opinion were cheerfully renounced. Tne scene, the end of which no man o u tell. I thereforeI t is worth considering, for those w h o insanelypersistinwhimmingthatLouis.Napoleon'sfavoritea d e a i s t o w a r w i t n E n g l a n d , t h a t P e r s i g n y , F l a -haut,audthenewMinisterofFinance,arepledged notpermitmetobepre»eutinpoison,though1concurwith willberecognizedasthevoiceofafriend,forhere byunitedactionpreventitspowerofmischiefinthe appreciatestheexistingdangerwilldeny.ritories, and the frank admission of the question of property in slaves; and if that were not done, he de- picted the disastrous consequences which would follow totheNorthernStatee. WomustactuponburLegis- l a t u r e s t h a t t h e y m a y b e m a d o t o i n f l u e n c e o u r S e n a - torsatWashington,andwemustseetoitthatevery-NEW-YOKK. Dec. 15,1860. ERASTfBBROOKP,esq.—My Ikar Hir: Willyouhavethechampions of the Anglo-Gallic alliance. VVaiewski, them heart and soul iu all their potrotic desires and effort*. I am .tl.exe was noi only an effective majority,, but a mighty interval. (Loud applause.) IV. The. Conservatfoe Men of the North.—Since the thing of an obnoxious character to our foliow-citiztna sorry to add that private letters, which have just, reached m e majority, in favor of doing emire justice to the Sv»uth, adoption of the Compromise measures of i860, we have of the South {be wiped from odf Statute Books. I be-change of Junctions, that has been managed by Upon taking the chair Mr. O'CONOR said:.BankerFouJdsincethetimeofthePresidency.| Isincerelyregretthatitwasnotyourpleasureto venttopower—baaehakonourliepublictoitsfounda- omselvestoyouunderthemostalariuiugcircumstaucee contestwithtbeultraismoftheRepublica-p.party,ac- appealtoeverymantoforbear, jlbelievethomumoftions. Canweobtainalittletime*Iunderstandthe Inwhichwehavebeenplacedsincetheformationof tiveandstrongasitif,hasnotbeenunaccompauiedby tueRepublicanparty,whichhasthecontrolofthedes- TheMinistryofAlgiersandthecoloniesoriginally haveselectedsomoothergentlemantopresideatthis pioiositionisthatthiscityshallappeal-totheSouthfor theGovernment. Iuthefulhiesaofourprosperity, personalsacrificesonourpart. Theyhavebeenen- tiniesofthecountry,meantodorightiftheycansee formed for Prince Napoleon, is abolished, or rather meeting. In .these times it is more important that wo time; induce them, if po^rible, to slay their.hand, and our strength,, and our credit, the Union, to which we countered unhesitatingly, and without regard to politi- the right. Upon them, rests the responsibility W o xe-absorbed in the Ministry of Marine and the should exhibit to the public mind accessions to the eiiduie, if possible, dangers for a time. ThLt, cer- owe it abb is in imminent dauyer of becoming a prey cal consequences to ouroelves. We felt that we nad a have.a minor part to perform. Our duty is to tell themcolonies. Tough old ironsides, Marshall PeUssier, is ranks of that section of our people who have given no tainly, I think ti.cy ought to do. There are a great to internal dissension, sacrificing the great interests of stake in tbe issue not less important than yom' Be- what we really believe aud let them act as they deem transierred lrom his snug, idle, inappropriate berth cause of excitement, and who have done notninj* to many safeguards lor public liberty in our constitution. the country, and forfeiting tho high position it holds ieving the Union essential to the prosperity and the best. I do not believe that the great State of New ofChancelloroftheLegionofHonor,tobeIm- Thereareagreatmanysafeguard'sfortherightsof amongthenationsoftheearth.:Toavertacalamity honorofthecountry; holdingthatitsdissolution York,whichis,indeed,aconcentrationofthewholesunder the ties of affection by which the peoplo* of oj'pressed States and cudnngeied interests in our con- so dii-grateful to us as a free people, so disastrous to the would uot only overwhelm us with calamity and dis- power of the Union, which owes its position to the perialvicegerentGovefiiorofAlgiers,.wherehe theseUnitedStateswereheldtogether. Ishouldstitution,andaresorttoi^omooneofthese,ifoarpeo-'commonwelfare,andsodishearteningtothefriendsof grace,butthatitwouldgiveafatalshocktothecause Uiion.willhefalsetoitsrecolleclions^oithepast,noc.of the world in matters ot esprit, are the most stupid { wielded, oven by _the Executive or Executive pa- the perils of the devolution, which has united us all the Constitution. Though beaten at the last ebjotbu, Ihe Hon. DANXKL S. DICKINSON was the next in certain matters of fact), will keep on wondering in ibis question, or ien.arkt.ble, liice Senator Jackson j troLagc, to their destruction And, gentleman, can through succeeding years of alternate good and ill{ and it is our sincere belief that we are stronger on this speaker. He said: I am here, .Vlr. President, withoutjilaufee.J In the hrst place, we have nothing to fear, Sovereign Ruler of the Universe, to wealth and power, We believe we are nearer a solution satisfactory to you But although I have little faith in anything that can bo placirg himseli before ti.is^ country as a true-hearted mniy judgment, except from' honest men, as I have by a progress unexampled iu the history of the past— than we ever have been. W e regard it as certain to done at this moment, I would uot stay away from aHaving signed these quasi-revolutionary decrees,the Emperor hurried ofl last Saturday ior a few tl e doctrine of peace, and made a nninly effort iu his life—by moral lecturers and by ministers of the Gospel, may prove irresistible, that we may consult together, an . adjustment of existing differences. There are plished.^ I have nothing new to say upou this subject,days shooting in the country at Compeigne. Before high place, separating himself, a* I say, from those who who baveentertuined—^ery exclusively, I am wilJutig leaving Paris he " assisted" at the first night of the were at k-ast sut-pe^tfU, and with whom he had beeu to say—mistaken views upon this subject, taken.up, unto*iait-d,madeanellortvorthyofthecauseandlikely perhaps,undertheinfluence^ofexciiementaudfrom jpajnllo*(theButterfly),anewballetgotupattho tobe'benefitiaiiniieintiuente.{Applause.J1haveno veryimpropercouduotoccasionallymanifestedontuo grand opera? got up ior the illustration of the sin- othei objeclh n to uppeivr here, sn,ve that my appettr- pari ol tie Southt-j-n men in and out of Congress. Yougularly graceiul legs and floating jumps of Emma ance iiiQicates.the presence oi no new champion for- ail remember that in the celebrated and recent cajavass Liony,theairiestofmodemdunscuses. TheEm- Union,nontwvindicatorofconcord,nonewl«>oof betweenFremontandUuchaiian,whenthisidenticalperorwasnearlyartwellapplaudedbythehouseas taubteolimiaiionai.dcisseubion,butisthemereiu- matterwasbeforethepeople,itwassaidinthenewsr theLibny—heforhislatepopulardecrees,sheior cicator—permitmetosayit—thatthupewhohavebeen papers, I.doubt notwith substantial truth,wiih the calmness due to the magnitude of the crisis,, others which we deem it needless at this juncture to Mr. Chaiiman, more than what I have said before lor tho removal of the causes."which have produced it.' prets-on you. But we should leave the view we take through a long course of years. I have seen the seed Wemakethisappealtoyouinentireconfidencethat ofthequestionunfinished,ifwewerenot'toadd,that planted;Ihaveseenthegroundcultivatedwhichre- itwillnotberepulsed. Wehavestoodbyyouinthe anyviolationofyourconstitutionalrightsbythe*iu- ceivedtheteed;Ihaveseenthesproutshootupitt political contcfct through which wo have just passed. coming Administration, if it were attempted, would rank, luxurious growth, and oversuadow the wtioie. We bave asserted yotir rights as earnestly as though meet with a prompt and as determined a resiscanco land, and it hm dually produced its crop of terribly theyhadbeenourown.'¥oucannotrefuse,theretore, herea*itwouldlromyourselves.Wedetireictobe poisonousfruit.Butletallwhowouldknowmysen- tolistentout,undtoweighwithbecomingdelibera-. distinctlyunderstoodthatwespeakwithfullknowl- timent**,readtherecordofasomewhatextendedpublio tionthereasonswehavelorbelievingtbattuewrongs edgeoftheimportofovirworus;andthatwepledge life. Weareuponperiloustimes,anditbooduiesalwayslaithfulareluithiul.siill. [Applause.] From that three thousand pulpits were pouring out whichhaveledtotheexisting alienation betweentne ourselvestosucharesistancebyallthe-means which the duty of every patriot—every individ-thct-e i ewocal iemarks permit me to pass for. a moment tdthe vontiueintion of the queetions that have broughtnS an unavoidable consequence, to a diasoiution ox this Uriel:. Foliticalpariiesntiwuidneverbedivided,upon " moral qucftkmtV' as they are calletl. In the phrasethat they have attained a most unenviable notoriety, ai d will probably he remembered for a century at leadt tortheoihtinctJVe'positionin'whichtheyplacedthem-a treatment which shall at the same time beconsiderate and firm. W e call on you as friends to delay action untilwocaninducethosethroughwhoseagencythe(•elves, while the pulpit ge.norally was, as it should evil has been brought upon upon us, to listen to the voice The following Imperial Decree la published ha The " mon.lV 1 int luce the wnole circle oi religious opin- generally be upon. such »ubjects, silout. Now, that of reason and duty, and to place your relations and oursMoniiteur.% ion. And political parties can npver bo beuo- was a gi'oiit improvement. It showed that a disposi- to the common privileges and beuefits of the Union on which have so long, and so happily lor us all, nakedlu idly loiined in a Free State, founded upon tion to reoohi iucr the subject had entered the uiinds of a looting ol. perlect equality; or, failing in this, until J>etiringfeaffordtot.VegreatbodiesoftheStatea theot.iatnanddetestationiuwhioiioneparly gocdmenattbeKorth.Itshowedtbatthosowho we.canbringthemajorityofourfellow-citizensiuthe more tiin«i participation iu the generul policy of our is lequired to held the life, walk, and co.4- v. eie excited by improper acts, by acts of violence, vio- jSorih to cooperate with us, as we do. not doubt theyus to each other. They hitve^ given us honor, wealth,andpower.Ifoccasionaldifferenceshavedisturbedthe general harmony, they.have been speedily adjusted Government, and umarkeu prool oi our coitlideuce, we verwaion and morals, or the relhjijuti opiaions of lent t-pteches,' to alwlmg of hostility to the South, had will) in the proper measures of redress. W e do not witn fresh accoesions of benefit to the common welfare.de<'re<-: another. [AppJaiife.] It hence i'olL>ws that begun to consider then' duty—had -begun-the study of riesj.air of becunng-from those to whose hands the Ho nation'has had so uninterrupted a career of pros-AKiicxitl.ThatthdSenateandth#CorpsLegi-dutifshalla:i- •whenpoliticiansut'eking'forsomeinoueuponwhichto thevolume(remwiichtheyhadtakentheirdoctrines, nxnily vote an addre«« iu reply U> our gpeech at u.« opeumg of ci\ide the community, select as their poi.it, as their aid had beyim to learn,that it was by no means woreinsofGovernmentareabouttobeintrusted,arecog-'. perity. Towhatarewetoattributeitbuttothewell-OovnrumentCommi>sion«is.*howihgt*otnoCnamo«irtneoe-. anitruewhichhecessaiiiyleadssoonerorLuertoa wwIdandbenecc.-i'aiilyconsignedtoperditioniuthe knowthatgreatchangesofopinionhavetdroady ingitontheseconsiderationsalone.Thereareociers c^«~ try explanation* on the iuterior and exteiior policy of tiio ui«tolution of the Ui-ion. At- wtm—and m> truer phdoo- next. I say the pulpit was silent. But tho pulpit has taken place among their moot intelligent and influen- oi a more personal nature—not addressing themselves£hr Chsjubertt. banner, ," Ocium a^ainptJs'egro Slavery," tucy Select Any. Z.'JJIMaodre** HiJlb« di^cus^edinthe presenceofthenition oi your rights in regard to the surrender of iu- aajubted orgaiization of our political system to its sev- clear that u Southerner should be punished inthis gitive slaves and equality in theTerritories. We eralparts'/ Wedonotcallouyoutoaidusiauphold-AKT. X In order to fVch'iute to the heici*la|i^e Body tho ex- ojiliy iowld have bctrn littered, and I had no fcuilt improved upon its t-'ilence. I trust a million have al-predion ot it* opinion in tne p/^pozauon of uie ia^« anJ tue with the e-xpitSfioi.--it WKHnccessaiily an " irreprcs?- ready read, »nd millions more will re;td, throughoutf u / i ^ of tlie ifattl *>t a.i»«-..u.i.«-in, MS,XI. IA ol our d<*;rc* of itle coiil'.it t,'' in whit-b oiiC party or the other must be the Noi'tb, the sermon ct the Kev. Mr. Van OykcJMarct 22, UffiC, i* put in force, and txio I.<<J.I.I«IIOI' the LiO^lB; attt-lutely subdued, «> that it could no linger suntaiu, fetivt) Jbody i» luoollieci in tn« loliowiog iu<u.u*r: ifj;mediiteijr inanydegree, the content' with the. other. I do hot, mJier the distribution ot tne projects Oi ww, <oiU at the Joy Itxed Ojthel'ie»idei»t,tne^«Bi»*»nvc..*«-ciy,uviviv lUUUtogtial men—that a reaction has commenced;, which is not to you as communities of men merely, but as individu-likely to he stayed—that error's and prejudices which als like ourselves, bound to us by lies of reciprocal•ion. iwoemuiefcin aecrw Commtttee, *a n*nuiu»n.«.ia-y Ulnvuaoion i*opt-neo on ihe project of U •,:.-. ttse government ConimiM»io'j-Vt* U k e p*Jt in iu T h e ,p..r-re».••>'.di»po.i:<ou is appncuoie neither but it ^^a^ nce^saiiiy an irrepressible co:iilict. I.cau- to project* ot i«w of l'»ca» utMiti^.1. nor to oases of at^nicy.aud persuarion, have been, on cool reflection, re- spect. W e should no* make this appeal to you ou announced; nay more, that many, whose opinions nave occasion of less magnitude. But when tne very found-undeigone.nochange,arewiliing,ina.praiseworthy ationsofsocietyaieindaugerofbeingbrokenup,in-spirit of patriotism, to make on questions which are volving the peace of families, the interests of commu- -pcliiits, or eleewi ere, aiid placing himself upon that n:ciely actesisory to our social condition, the conces*i »n whole Confederacy of States, no feeling of deliv.tcy which the.) came. In l£4b4 Sir, that act was repealed.[app-laosej, delivered on Sunday last, where, n.ott widely, cerliduly, from the attitude in which iii.kitwa>an'*'irrepressibleconiiict"inanyofthe he'stood,inallrespectsmostjustly audunexcep-n»y friend who just ptx-ceued me spoke of. which was § called in common parlance; the nine months law, wasrepealed. It permitted our Southern brethren whovirited the State ol New-York to bring with them theirater&Cs in which the term )»a^ r>eCu Uf^ed, or in tho wity in .which it was understood by ihooe Wno uttered n;tioi.fiUy ignoi iagall mete wot L.l\ philosophy, ignoring all Gemination oi nieu or parties, in Churcu, iu State, inservants and remain nine mouths; and yet they wore not fundamental ia our system' of Government, but nities, and the lasting welfare and reputation of the as fully protected as they were in tr,e States fromA.wi. A. In order to renu^r toe repf ouuctiou of tuo d«bale-» of n<l imfcgine it io tc iOe«iLle that two distinct nations—the senate ono the Legi^Jjtive lioJv tuoie co.nplete, the foliow- a:.o ea'cn 6t these Stutes is, for certain political pur- ji Cj meat aud'h.V'jd opinions of that great sect whichllmhitj v'l tho ttwaeitt ot eacn ..a»oWJOly, w » androwMjd «vory even- one ti\ilgo\einmtM, each ehteritaii.ifig au uttoi- dt- mighty l/oth lie showed that the peoplepi the South,Bodv, d.'uv. u op o> tn« »«cjf;tui/e»-i«Uttvt«um, un*l«r the author- iu$r to thejournani. Moieovor,tne<loo<ite»otuvvry silUOgar«*j~l i-rteuinsbo;t-n«iiCi,M.diu.(r>...i HItxtewj inihoomcia. jotftutil ot the followiu&o*)."j\..... Zr- Ltutiatt ih« M.D«.UII, tii*> ilmperor will rnune the Mini»- •tera without portloiio, ».o<loi<-nu oeiore lU'j Chuuoer*. la concert -•*v hit tn« I'leslden* and toe Xtt»«uio«)r of Lr>Council of ^tate, tho•project* Qj t»yf ol tJ.eooVtirninent.j*nt 6. 'I'-" MU'i»uy tt our liou»«hold l« supprei>sed; it*functions lirejoined to tno»e ol the or<u,u M*r*nul ot the »'i»lace. AKT 7. 1ne>imi»viy ni AJgvtla and tt^e Coloni>j*i* auppre«*ed. Iht admbin'tration ot the Col^nie* n«'united with tn« A(iui*iryoi CM* AUnne.A;:T. H. botvice* which do not directly belong to pn'ollc in-rtru'.:i(/n vr the .jpecn»l «stal>Jiy<l.xneut* oi kJto Jtkivt>r<ni.y are •Viiti dfitWit trow t:tv Miiii'try ol i node i«*C/u<;iiou, and placed4unonj< the -unction* of Urn Aiinistxy ot Siaie- 'Aw, 1*. Trie Smd L»t>p^tu>«ut i* reuiov»d from tho Aiiuhnryof A<riL-oitnrw, Coinmexce, and .TubiJo VV'orAS, und placed amonj{ the UumtiaUH ol tu-e 3iinit*t7y ofrftate. '•te^tntionoithe-Hieuu4moralsolthoother. Andper-mitn.etosayiuthisconnection,fchatwhenIspeakoi t.;:tiona I am I.OI to be unoerstood a» referring to theeffective political majority. Tho eilectivo pvliucalma-jority ot a State in this 0cion speak the voi«e of the North. "[Applause J >"iixt, then, gentlemen, we have 6tate. They are a nation; li.eminoiityarj a nullity,aud shown wbat« W e have fthown that the party which ti,tyha>ei.ovoiceorpower.Ithencefollowsthatwucn oiuercadeiti-elfaeti'/e.toadangerousend(fgrantfrom the utter deteetation of the life and moralnuf tue |i«opleof Carolina ha\e madti the ba^is- oi a political,party in New-York, and that political party acquire tue ascend- enty in the poliiical at:ai:s ol the go^ernmeut, theno two Stales cannot live together, except iu the relation of op<r<-«*<.r and oppressed. [Applause.] Tue more pourediul wiD trami le on the v>eaker. I t may trample ou the weaker according to some written constitution, ho ihat ihoie will be no direct violation of its letter,'£ii* OAxXkiv u**o order* *on.« cn»o>#{es i n th" tunctiou* o f t h eMii/i-i--** of i"»-wic tasiinction, VVor*¥, Agriculture, and Com- It may ttami.Iu upon it in a way justifiable by s<;iimtake cgnizance of the faults and eiror/i of other na- tions, and wmd tho firebrand of incendiaty documentsjority iu that body to tho friends of the Union and theequal rights of the South, rendering all hostile legisla-A>.'i*IP.-"•Chasseioup-Laubatha*beenappointedMarin© « u d C v l o n i u l M i n i s t e r .A;.i.11.M(#i»hiuPelhwiexha*beenappointedOovenjor-Oen- •>raJ of AlKerun .. , . , _, , - ,wrorjgwillberedressed.I n r e g a r d t o t h e g e n e r a l r e s u l t o f t h e e l e c t i o n , w o d oyou. \Veconjureyou,then,tounitevfiiuustopre-v e n t t h e q u e s t i o n o f d i s u n i o n f r o m b e i n g p r e c i p i t a t e dbyru«hcounselsandinamanneraltogethertinworthytouireoftti^umentasuonfonnukletobiw,butitwill t : a m] l e u j K - u - t h e w e a k e r a l t e r a l l . T h e r e c a n b a n o joliticalsocietybetweenthosewhooopoliticalwi»he^ in tl is respect"'cannot be repre«ented in tiie govern- ment. 'lh«;ie can be no relation between thy barer andwhere vye can find no missionary' daring enough to go, tion impossible, and afford.ng assurances that existing act of separation; with a rancorous spirit of hostility toA«T u. Admi-aJ H«u»*;iin ha* be*-n appointed Grand Chanc*>i:oroftheI*i*ionof tt. not. Thatyortot tbe public «,rvtce the.detested/exceptthe.r«.L;tion ofoppressor andop- i«coijfiiueritsjudgment,andto.uct-more kindly^,tmd criterion of.tbe relative"'strength, of parties. Tue-whi«> i» not directiv competed witn oobiic »u*truction. a* wtll «*U.««p««eh.lt»t*bii*nmeut«oftb.>Univer-ify. aret/-ia«l.'rredlzou, the j«iui*try of jo*truction to that «i the ^tate.AK1. 13. 'xhr SAiuH.tvr* v*iuicat portlou'/- hav.- the ranh andpressed. [Apphfotej It in vain to say, "Wo will /^.iveyouactmllav»s." Itisvaintosay,"Ukmgrom* ci.n pats no Jawe to inju:;e the Southern State-." It iscburitaWy tdwaid the people of the South. vYoli, gentlemen,thereisapower"atWashini'touthatcan tave thtj.people of the South, if tney will but firmly unite and resolve to protect tUo South. I mean in the Senat e of" the United State-j, where the South has a t-'troi-g vcU'O, and where n'mny t'i"oni tho North ready torupport her. Aiidunt.<y tho more: di3tai.1t sustain ai»<; ii tjtectt) /;uh.ra:iiioa and liual pvotectioh toSlaveryquestionwashutanelementiuthecontest;it would have proved utterly inadequate to the result had not the Democratic party been disorganized by it own dissensions. Kveh in ti.e City of jNew-Vork,with an Overwhehhing majority, one of the most conserva- tive Congress .litijtricts was lout by running two can- diuates-againstasingleRepublican. -IntheCongress Jjifctiiets ct; tied by I.LOAnti-ftepublieaita, the caiivasstreetn»ent ot the MJniste*, witn AUKHioa*; tnoy toim p^rt of tne not oy litigation, it.L> uoibj legiidaciun that lae.oppres- Gotftctl of Mini*ter., and axo loa£>>4 iu ttw »xp->UM> ot the i-h/n will ue cn»-ct«.-<L It is by tue unseen and-potent;in a lew years there will be a majority of two-thirde agi.int-t them, not only t f States, but of repre'seatativeia of both branches of U.e LegioUture, and they well may iearthi.t. the sentimeutot tao entire Free States wiu OTvcep their faieiifytious'avvdv. Aa4iuTiioeitMtiu6"they take al.trn —!at* ice it IK. uetoniuLi'-d iht-yaie liow, While thev have K.».:IO piW^r ;U'/H;li a:.d tomw KJO,.:r.»th, unless tticyAK-T. 14. Our Muii*ter of SHate is charged wiib the directioo oftheprwntdecrev. ^T,JJt tr>x\r bon« «t tl>- Kirfaea of the Talh>rh?«. NAPOCr-UNJLA'-v. '2it WCto~~i*y tint iu.uptuor. T>«i MluutfC ol £i«U> A. \VAi.i.V/*iCl- . . .._•inficenoe of the Lxeciitho'department, of the govmn- mc»t,a:/dthatHiriueu«0eontjois thewholeandmiv.f. ita<i ro oppU'-ion of the South-if it H penxiitted to, ro?.er\td by equal justice to ail; let un, when ail the tfloits of patriotism shall have proved unavailing when,thepainful truthshallhaveforceditselfonthe conviction that our common brotherhood can he no longer maintained in the mutualcoutideueo, i.-i which its whole valuo.consists—in u wo.i-d, when ioco.ieiii;:ii,nijj.fr! 3:.to the l.u:if'-HMciir. llyn-KSZD P^-iZSGy.v. •.-The stc^tmJuY ivveyl Goo. Ai pl.Urc^J Aud, Guith':;..-.::i,-whll.National Convcuidoii'itution. I wotild not' DooUiOJ VI-ret'ritor'te.^. In the.v- ptilfliiihcd it the hhidlbecomehopeless,and. itshail be-''nuiniiiiss 'Murioo arrived on Saturd.;> from Gfeirleirtoni brir<::in/ elevvu fceeattgc pa«*jnger«i sent ^n bj the liuihjc. )..•»..Ot'j lore tecc^ion :•« iifits^hr. vvit/1 the uicate«t.evil - , !'.'i o:.t>. W u t i i • '. it. .1 ;.pi'U11 fitioai' ».•:<!-.e'r ofi.(.e U-ition or oi I tie tb{-. r\vo iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069io vvilo i udoilioiiul gtuifanties to _ r>»t«3ct and' p'iuvvia eii.tobrcrtii ' vh^m,to tocede from the C'uiou. They arc iotv wttrued*T Athoiiovvljyhatetaeinfor:»^ I.J<:.-.-'.'.Ul.h> I'll in-, iu God'rf name, if no other.vein-. was plated flfHkfllC v on th« .trroujid of auocainirijf the.Ivtt j-eceeridu :.'. muehut>wiy man wito b;-eatlie.i, W.'ll.. tin .:.-; \ ieivi•>ntVo\"«.,'-iV betvVc>:hmay <io« lorl-iu '•) that out- future paths must II'Xil "ip'.'n It iu;Hiinevitable:l wn •! \c:.ii •!K.of ihe couniTv i;. ivguru i-<. :.e kji;^it; leiusdonilthatbecomesreitsoitttileuvwhich is the single guide to faith and ddotriue in thonecefei-iuy to preserve the Union in its integrity, and to should dissuade us from speaking freely aud withoutpaveusinm the ,fatal alternative of eismumbermeut concealment. W e call on you, then, as brethren and 1 was then a member of the Senate of this State, andthroughout all the North—the Holy Scriptures of Al-friends, to stand by u« as we have stood by you. During the angry contention of the last nine years, we have been the open arid uuubrinkiug vindicators of yourrights. Itisinfightingwithyou.ineRattlefor the Constitution that we have, by an unfortunate com7il'iheyhutperformedtheirdutiesintheirstaiiousan wellasweattheNorthinours,livedalikeastruth- fi.lly,.hoJyai.d cOnlormatleto the precepts of Almighty (4<. o, ana of e&ithly morality as the best men at thebination of causes, been overthrown—not hojpelettly (far fromwith- a remaining strengthdually a u dpuie motives}., litPt it opposed, next it changed its Lone ou full'consideration; and, I aok you, h there not hope tbi.'i we shall live to learn throughout these Northern States that our f.uty is to correct cur own personal1 think the restoration of that hill will do more to restore goodreeling and good will than almost anv ottter cam*eCongress, eleven members have been elected for the -\ ivi-i-, to reform our ownraindHand our own morals— next; ana in the other Northern Scutes five members•the Constitution that h> wanted merely—the laws a r ewell euough~the Federal law0 and Ooustitutmn arowtll enough; but it is.theirexecution, according to thot-pint in which they were enacted, that is called forand demanded on the part of the South. They ini»L* uponthegreatprincipleoftheequalityoftheStates, If a n d t h e y a r e e n t i t l e d t o i t u p o n e v e r y c o u w d e r a t i o a ihatcaninfluencemen,communities,andStates Too •andi.ilecthmcteiellov.-citi/ens,andifweneedsjuu»c intheHomeotiteprebeutaiiveu,giving adecidedma-cooperation needed to contend successiully agaiust tue uhtaism which surrounds us, and may leave u» without power in a political organisation embued, by the veryletustelecttheheatheninfurdistantlandtt,anduotu n d e r t a k e n ; d e n o u n c e a s h e a t h e n s a n d s i n n e r s , o u r o w ncnlin<al)lefellow-citizens.[Appbiuw.j This,gentlemen,presents lavdrablo symptoms. It shows that there is been defeated by thtir own divi-ions rather than bynothetitatetosaythattho'conservativemenhave a tendency in the Northern mind to correct itself, to tbe votes of their oppouents, and that it is not a true01 our rank among the great nations of the earth, and Constitution makes them equal—the law makes themof the dettiniea wuich await us it we are only true to equal—they are equal in the Might of honest men, and curtelve*. •..-." axeequalsin.theM^htofGod,andwoebotohimwhour.de takes to degrade and r• amnio them down. [Ap- Iitheeventshallprovethatwehaveoverstatedour!plause]. TheSouthseeandfeelthoadvancingpopu-own ability to procure a redress of existing wrongs, or 'The difpotition of others to conct-uo wnat is due to 1 lation of the North, and that now in the National you, as membeis of a confederacy which can oulv be j Lej.ihhiture they are in the minority. They see tbateqiihl righ' rsi\to o'f.r Cotibii.] ) arts >•-.•;ihwi' al-City <•'. '•', t-:C down iir itUntitled Documenttherefore void.A movement has already been madein Vermont—theual w h e loves his country—to put forth *tvery operationbespeedilyredressed. Wodonotintendto satisfiednosuchdangeristobefeared. Itcannot,ia energy within his i*>wer, for thepurposeof•go back to the origin of these wrongs. _ W e will uot tbe nature of things, be au ultra administration. No averting not only the danger that threatens, but thoreviewthe.darKhistory-oftheaggressionandinsult partyinpower,underoursystemofgoverumeut,can electionolanAmi-SlaveryExecutive.Gentlemen, \bileduponyoubyAbolitionis'tsandtheirabettor>tailtoheconservative,nomatteronwhatdeclarations.you will not certainly have failed to observe that dur- during ihe last thirty-live years. Our detestation oftbe canvat-s may have been conducted by its ieadingsup- porters. Theie is an under-current oi moderation ia the flow of popular opinion, which will inevitably witholdthose towhomthogreatinterestsoftoecoun- try are only temporarily confided, froih running rashly into extremes. ' • 'Letus,then,fellow-citizensand brethren,againap- peal to you to abstain from any movement whicu shall have for its object a dissolution of tbe political boudsiu the In-at of the canyabs weie inaccessible to reawon obligation, which we call on you iu all candor to re- tion is but a delurive mockery, tu 1640, the Hot. Wuich1. The late election.Althoughitwasadversetousthroughout,theNorth, centratedtogiveuslbwe have m the detail :*dded materially to our strengthin Cong] ess, wheio the power to redress wrong andprevent abuse is_most needed.. In this State, agaiustfive Democratic and Union members of the presentto be oui-selves gcn>d imd kind Christians, loving more have been gained, making a, change of :i'2votes arating yourselves from us, you will deprive an of the„ wasthofirst com ce«f trouble between tho North and South a n d 1••fanL—et. .«--u;,>, r..evumMejmuibueinr twhmavtwue hua»vuepinurblicobhgatiousttk ritoiies wifh hia property, whether it .consists of slavea or any . dishonored—that WO have flTeat int» ,•., ,1.,,.K,.I,«««th*<r,^»i«onnor-shallnotturnadeafeartothisappeal—ifitshallbo vative party of the North mav be rallied successfully <seen in the sequel that we have correctly apjpreciated on the foregoing propositions as a basis of adjustment. : the influences which are at work to bring _about a In carrying them out-we shall reestablish the practice 1recom-iliation of existing differences, and a redrew of existing wrongs; if mutual conGdence shall be reetored, and the .current of our prosperity shall resume ia*meeting called as this has been, and ixikiug to such great and beneficent objects. I would not stay away if I bad the least hope that anything could be accom- www.fultonhistory.com-i 