 NEW YORK HERALD.Commutetfonad was recommitted to beThe Supply bill was debated, and modeIke special order far to-day.movement U secured brthe Cw*peÈM of , . Ç _ _ . , 3 ^ -~-..Ç.,ÈJÇl alii.nandahmisDpseudo-majrtTyrTddsomiB; jzvK'Ç'tetasiftthe Wwhole monde, the dtmt+noruU and the Five Polnts-affair Is not a miserable piece ^f humbug, got monde, Dives and Lazarus, all enjojing theup by political agitators for dectiaoueering pur- delightful, balmy, springy atmosphere, all talk- Heights has now been run through both houaj, poses! Bat absurd as it is, h shew,* the rabid ing about the news, such as it is. The fashion of the Legislator*, with a haste hardly equaUej fanaticism which exists in the small communi- able people were all in n ferment of delight by the railroad gridiron schemes: but we bop. ties of New England villages, which wily de- about the speedy termination of Lent, and the thai Governor Morgan will give the.|_.|__irL|_ p ,, || |-|_II.|H ¥'"¥ ¥! ' ' "J A H K ¥ e O B D O l 1 ¥SX0BAJO>ance between France and England. ThwOoM-^Tggtti&atUALDU A U E ABATwo?.-;imLOfmm Wiij ¥¥¥ÈÈ, atof the sod afloir, together with a report of the Co- roner's investigation.Continent work out its own destiny, while she will pursue the path o f commercial, industrial and maritime developement that lies before her.Disgraceful SceÈe fax JLovejoy s a d P r y o r am t he Rta\g.Oa Thursdsy the hall of the House of Rep- resentatives was again the theatre of a most disgraceful broil, the recital of which should cause every good citazen to blush with shame that the republic could elevate such men as those who originated it to places of honor and trustFrom the very full and graphic description in the reports printed yesterday, it appears that Mr. Lovejoy, a memberfromIllinois, took occasion, while the House was in committee,o deliver himself of a very violent abolitionSALOQM, Breadwar-ÑOso.CWEISTVS HU- TE* fOOBUS.tion within the last month or two has received delphia, but owing to indisposition he was absent a corresponding augmentation, both North andhas been so much noise to no purpose.O O O F B BFtiBTiso m taa OOCET OF DEATHÑAfternoon And Kveiling.CHAPTBV TB) Broadwav.ÑOs*. Toa THUMB'S Ex Afternoon End Bveniag.IN8TTTTJTB.ÑBIMWITKHI orr * A i * * s OEIO>SALAfter attending to some trifling the club adjourned.business matters ,South.Kentucky there . were Guthrie and Breckin- ridge, who are now pretty much in the predi-HATTOKAL COKCWtT BALOON, Bl! EUEUOE*, AC.BattoaslTheatre.-members endeavored, but in oain, to preserveOBDIBDOHK HA1X. 4SÈ Oread street-HATH Ml* BtEEU iÇ BMoa, DASCM, BUELE*4È. AcÑBAA MAMDE.1 COMTIXIMTAL HALL PEtErssa.ÑWoo* * KnfMtEIJ IX¥tsooriAX Bosas, DAECBE, Ac-Haw YBABCALLE,TBIPLE SHEET.W T'ISew York, Saturday, April T, I860.T k t Maw*.By the arriTal of the Kangaroo At this port yes-terday wo hare advices from Europe to the 22dult, three days later than the accounts previously re- ceived. The news is interesting and important.The annexation of Savoy was considered aa defi- nitively settled. The Junta of Nice voted against annexation.In the British Parliament an interesting debate took place on'the subject of rote by secret ballot Lord Derby had been examined by the committeeof the House of Commons in regard to the Gal wayline of steamers, and explained the object the go- while rates were steady. vernment had in granting the contractT ÈA melAncholy tragedy occurred at No. 385 netof St James is animated by a rerydpaw- Eighth avenue, cat Wednesday evening, story rent policy from that which marked it at theor aAaua AJTD n u w in* Anne Lotaon, wife of Dr. Wm. B. Lstsorf, while la- beginning of the present century. Tte^nw- boring under afitof jealousy, committed suicide by scendoats of the old tory supporters of GeorgeAuatria refuses to renew official relations with tion of the Italian duchies, as well as the Ro-Sardinia, and complains of Sardinian interference mogna, which has hitherto been considered asworshipper. He steals his god before he wor- may be another of whom nothing has yet movement, we might state that recent unforeseenThe Spaniards had gamed another victory over nounced to Victor Emanuel that he may con- the Moors. sider himself excommunicated from the Church The uneasiness caused by the Savoy question had of Rome, and his Holiness reserves to himselfany one else that when he abused to three, and perhaps before the 23d of this y provided for. Hence the noble initiative of hisreport of the directors was presented and adopted,the shareholders expressing their entire satiafaction with the aflkirs of the institution, and a divi- ment the Pope's bull is fulminated, and to give dend ot three and a half per cent on the half-yearly the event the character of a ndarbnal celebra-tors of the Clarendon Mining Company in their the people and the clergy, which may result in annual report give a very favorable account of the otter overthrow of the latter.their operation* during the past year.a large proportion of the country advertising: Pryor does not own slaves. He is, like Love- of Wales intends to visit Canada this summer,transactions declared. Mr. McGregor, the immi-gration agent at Calcutta, had promised two thou- promulgation of the bull will bring the Pope, sand immigrants, an intelligence "more cheering as the head of the Church, and Victor Emanuel, for the planter," says the Standard, "than any that as the leader of the people, into direct antago- hasbeenreceivedforsometimepast"Thedirec*nism,andinitiateinItalyaconflictbetweenenlivening effect upon Canadian securities in newspapers of Jersey, Hoboken, Brooklyn and tleman. He represents in an eminent degree England. There is very little doubt, we sup- Washington, which, placed in immediate com- the poor white men of the South, and the pose, that the distinguished visiter will not petition with the press of New York, have meanest of themÑthe noisy, ruffianly, needy confine his tour to the Canadian provinces, butsailed on the 2Çth alt She reports Mi ram JU as this marches in consonance with public order.known, mainly due to to the difficulty which country people experience in getting our dailies* Let the latter be delivered with promptitude,the other side. Neither the member from Illi- nois nor he from Virginia represent, in any way the constituencies which, unfortunately for thecomes here, he will receive an ovation, we will venture to say, hardly second to that which his august mother's dutiful subjects In Canada willGenera! Puebhta, liberal, was besieging Lagarde, reac- tionist, at Hueyspam, fifty miles north of Mexico^ - J TM J J l o * o f Èeompaayforthe improve- r i t H r t i l f c AItaly now comes forward and takes positionIIl^^Ç^!!! Ç resolution f " " h l i l V . V ^ ^ * 8 * ¥ Pf**4**04 to communi- r w inrormation he may have relative tosincethe third century of the Christian era;and the best thing that can happen for herfuture greatness and power is, that the theorieswhichhaveweighedlikeanightmarenponher authorities. He was welcomedas aherore- semblanceoforderintheHouse.the expulsion of nmeiVan citiaen. tJZTMu Ç£v,Ç!tSTiSirt ,nv^P¥rt,by Mirwaon- solong,shallplacethemselvesatonceinopenhave a good time generally.But if the announcement of his visit to Canadahasalreadyaffected Canadian securi- ties, why not his visit t o the United States runARRIVAL OP "GENTLE SPRING."ÑThe etherial, up American securities too? Now is the time,ngthewredt. The,offV*n*r C ToEOjno,C.W-,April 0,1'K*** ÑN*ÇÈ were brought up, none ofantagonism and hostility to the new order ofturned from the field, with shouts and thun- der of cannon and joyous peals of bellsÑ, regard to the peat** of meooaasof of Upper Onoada, which havÈ obtasned eiroaU-ttoa witbia the pott two or tares daya, have Shakin a circular Issued by a awsaw servantmaking numerous charges against the iX^aow.^, .ta^wen,^a.areÇÈwÇ-ÈÇ-Baits Orowlng O s t e f t h . Aaawat ¥ * * ¥ ¥ ¥In the State Senate yesterday the Canal bfila mill,wee debated,and toe till today.¥bJUs wen repotted, t i e km tot>enieaa>ent was reported favorably as itBeam A bill to improve the navigation of theAll the city railroad ordered to a third reading, la the Ansembly, the New Yorkheck to theBrooklyn forwantof siinthe gieat cause of black republican trea- modeherdebutfor1860inBroadwayonThurs- everyrailroadhetravelson will undoubtedly ^JJ*Çy, and the probability that some attempt sonÑthe brand snatched from the burningÑthe dsy, one of the finest of any season. The great go up in the market and if the Wall street2 * ¥ * * ¥ Vy It to ayoid the new dan- unclaimed John HUBS of the little village ofCon- avenue was in its holiday attire, and unrolled men could only find out the programme of hisdown the bay yesterday morning as far as the policy of material developement, these three Narrows, for the purpose of removing so many of countries will command the resources of thethefishpoles as may obstruct the navigation. No whole world in support of their policy; and asdifficulty was apprehended, as every opportunity woe allowed the owners of the poles to save their nets, or even to draw the stakes themselves should they wish to do so. About one hundred were drawn yesterday in the North River opposite the city.time cements their alliances, and brings new generations of men to the suppoft of theirThe Police Commissioners held no meeting yes.ÑLiABntÈÇrnÇssÑ terday, owing to the absence of Commissioaer Rapid Progress ot Metropolitan Jonr-Btranahan, and also at the request of Mayor WoodT H E A T a a , SM l Ç t o t | . - C o i i S M There will be bat one more meeting before the The Increase in the business returns of theago there were some twenty prominent demo- cratic candidates for the Presidency. Mow there are only three or four. Political events during the brief interval have disposed of thePark, aad whom it took aha City Iaepnctsr, aided by m strong posse of police, nearly six weeks, last summer, to root out These enter- prising members ef the community have besa ever since looking out for a favorable loeattea for themselves aad their odiooa companions of the porcine tribe, and no sooner will the streets androadsaroundWashingtonHeightshe opened than they will emigrate in Chat direc-Legislature adjourns. The patrolmen of the force, HERALD within the lost few weeks indicates ÇW BOWUM, Bowory.-LmuiEATT-KawnsorTHB whohavebeenrestrainedfromtheirpayowingto unusualcommercialactivitythisspring.Judg- the tax levy not passing the Legislature, are to be ing both from our advertisements and circula- BaOUOHAnTO TMtATlK, % paidonMonday,theCityChamberlain,Mr.Stout, tion,thetradeofthecountryisatpresentina -Baas or i n Tuw.T-lu.Muae r u t having agreed to advance the money on the pay mostflourishingcondition. Our cash receipts BAaimrs AOWBICAK aTuaipw. BrasdwEr.-DEysnd rolls, which are to be receipted and deposited from advertisements average daily from aharangue, in which the slaveholders of the rest There were in this State three candidatesSouth were depicted, after the Garrisonian ÑSeymour, Dickinson, Wood; now there is but fashion, as pirates, robbers, man stealers, and one of these who has any political vitality.soon.Inthecourseofhisharangue,Lovejoy Theothertwohavebeendespatchedbythecrossed over from the republican to the demo-craticsideofthehouse,shakinghisfistatthe Connecticutelection. laVirginiatherewereHE4B* HETEE Woa FAUS LASTÑJBAJIU with him. thousand to fifteen hundred dollarsÑa largerSouthern members and proving himself to be twoÑHunter and WiseÑwho have effectually tion, and either buy small lots or squat upon as thorough a blackguard as ever was kicked disposed ef each other. In Georgia there was the property, precisely as they have done out of a Five Points grog shop. Not to be Cobb, who has resigned, and Stephens, who is lower down for years post, until they wereMIXSTR2ft >, 4T1 Broad- A t t Ñ T U BtEAEOEE.The Young Mens Democratic Union Club held pro rata increase than we have ever before then- regular meeting last evening, according toannouncement, at their headquarters. An address noticed at this time of the year. Our circula-dropped by the people. In Illinois there was putdone in his speciality, the truculent Pryor Stephen A. Douglas, about whom theredriven out as an Insufferable nuisance by the ¥famous police war of teat summer.Thus property hi that neighborhood, instead of increasing in value, will be materially re- duced. Instead of realizing two or dues thou- sand dollars on acre for it, as some of the owners calculate upon, they mayfindUs value reduced some fifty per cent, or thereabout*. We trust, therefore, that before the Governor, by bis sign manual, elevates* this speculating scheme into a law, he will give that earnest consideration to its merits which was denied to it in the committees and in both houses of the Legislature.THE LATE CAPTAIN HARRISON.ÑA very praise- worthy movement-as will be seen by a notice elsewhere insertedÑhas been set on foot in Bag- bind by some of the most prominent noblemen, bankers and private citizens, to raise a fund for the relief of the family of the lamented officer whose name stands at the head of this article. Coptaia Harrison, as everybody knows, was the commander of the mammoth ship "Great Eastern;'' and kk great desire in Lis lifetime wo* safely to navigatethe leviathan to these shores, and to ancnor her ¥ within the waters of oar friendly bays. This happiness has been denied him by a sad- den and untimely death. Bat this isnot the only fact that recommends the movement for the welfare of his family to oar earnest consideration. As the commander of se-was expected from Colonel Rankin, of- Phila-and fired at by a war steamer carrying Spanishcolors. The Musconomo was hove to, and the complete revolution will be effected in theSpaniard questioned Capt. Swasey as to his desti- operations of the newspaper press of this nation, and then sailed away without further ex- country. The contract that we recently-noticedmittee left the Speaker's place, which was resumed by that functionary, and quiet was partially restored. Mr. Sherman announced that the House was now in order, which re- mark created some "laughter," the whole af-South, if there was any life left in him. His affinities have been too close with Douglas to escape the Southern opprobrium which covers the Little Giant His days are therefore num-planation. The Musconomo had her private sig- nals and the American ensign flying at the time of the occurrence.as having been entered into to convey the New York papers by a special newspaper express train on the Hudson River railroad is but theIhe cotton market yesterday was without change, while inauguration of a system which will soon reachMilan, Genoa, Leghorn, Turin, Bologna and Florence have agreed to illuminate on the mo-STewa from Mexico.PavBACoiA, April 6, ISM.tion. There is vast significance in this. The¥ Ç ÈMeh threatens the Italian theocracy- cord? He has worn the manacles of the tyrant; yea, the very marks upon his wrists were ex-its cosmopolitan diorama in all its glory. There- tour in advance, they might make a good thing¥ÇÈ, W J , ,|MM. Ajrtg,1ÈÈ¥ Ç ¥ È * ¥ Ñoritsinflu- pow-ofto find him-coupes, bretts, and more stately equip- cluding China and Japan, the eager, earnestLouis Napoleon and the new coauneroial alli-rJf EfisfcAtfif S £ ~ **È¥*¥The progress thus manifested inCapt Swaaey, of the ship Musconomo, at New and influence of metropolitan journalism willbers, pupils in the Pryor-Lovejoy school,sprang to their feet, and the house was tho-roughly disorganized. The more decent of the cament of the Kilkenny oats. Some of theOrleans from Liverpool, reports that on the 8thalt, while off the island of Cuba, he was chasedsoon, however, be outstripped by its future career. Arrangements are in train by which aformer friends of Douglas, who do not think it order. After a number of altercations, which safe to stick to him any longer, talk of Breck-inridge as acceptable to the North, because came quite close to the point where personal he is not regarded as a decided pro-slaveryviolence begins, the Chairman of the com- man. But this very fact would kill him at theideas, old theories inence, and old forms in practice, will melt away before them.condition and prospects of country journalismsocial and physical sci-the growththe sales footed about 1,000 bales, closing on the basis every part of the Union. The same enterprise fair being considered, doubtless, in the light of bered. Then there were Dallas of Pennsyl- of quotations given in another column. Theflourmarket vania, Slldell of Louisanna, Houston of Texas,was firm, while prices of State and Western were is intended to embrace all the lines that radi- a very magnificent joke. The country will Thomas A. Seymour of Connecticut, Pierce of without change of moment. Southern "flour was in fair ate from New York. By the Hudson River look upon it in quite another lightÑthat it is New Hampshire, Orr of South Carolina, Jeffer-request at full prices. Wheat was firm End sales moderate, including Canada club at $1 22, red Western at $1 45,and smutty Canada white at SI 50. Corn was firmerand in good demand, with fair sales, at rates given in an-other place. Pora; was dull, with moderate sates, Includingnew mess at S17 T6 E $17 SlX.andjnew prime at $14 13'4a $18 37>È. Sugars were In speculative demand, and themarket was again active, with sales of about 3,600 States will be supplied in a similar manner,hhds. snd 80 boxes, at rstes given in another place. Inand in Washington the members of Congress ers. Let us see who and what the-run for the nomination. ditions are necessary.To obtain it two con- First, the Southcoffee, the firmness of holders continued to check sales: , sm*il lots of Porto Rico, MsrEcaibo End Rio were madewill receive the HERALD at breakfast, and willprincipal combatants are. Lovejoy belongs tothe great landed proprietors of the somewhat affected securities. Consols on the 20th the duty of taking into consideration the into tance it will be delivered to the retailer at two false in its spirit The gentlemen of whom hemonth the number will be still further re-The delegates to the Charleston Convention will not, therefore, have so much.trouble, after all, and may get through their work in one day, or at most two, including the platform, which will necessarily be very short and sim-closed steady at Mi a 94} for money. rests of the Church and of the good CatholicsThe Liverpool markets presented no material ofPiedmont before proceeding to severer mea- change. Cotton continued dull, while breadstuff* sures. This probably means the formal pro-werefirmerthan before reported.Files of Jamaica papers to the 9th ult have been mulgation of the bull of excommunication inreceived. The Governor had prorogued the House all the Roman Catholic temples of the world, of Assembly to the 27th, bat it was generally un- depriving the King of social communion with derstood that there would be s special session to his fellow Christians. How little effect the take into consideration the new Post Office ar- paper thunder of the Vatican will have, is rangements. At the forty-first semi-annual meet- demonstrated in the fact that the cities of ing of the shareholders of the Bank of Jamaica, thecents, thus enabling him to sell it to the public at a slight advance upon the New York price.The effect of these arrangements upon thespoke are, as a class, refined, cultivated, gen- erous and far more considerate and humane to their servants than many of the employers of white laborers at the North. All over theand Central railroads the Western States and Canada will be put in possession of the New York daily papers many hours earlier than under the present system. By the Pennsylvania Central and the Baltimore and Ohio roads the Southernan eternal shame and a burning disgrace.It is not fair, however, to the better portion Massachusetts, Joseph H. Lane of Oregon, anda miserable class of low politicians, representa-at 14c. a 14X& Freight engagements were moderate, with their ideas enlarged and fortified on the tives of which abound in all the legislative must have the selection of the candi-be enabled to enter upon the duties of the day^Èi 1 I 1¥ i n ,1 Ñ Ñ ^ Ñ ^ mpeople of Itaawusbiiaetti efc^ È* feWaboothlin and bad, the vicious and virtuous, the beau- PAa*A<K c% law WASBTKOTON Harowrs Bn^inhaling the fuses of lighted charcoal. Deceased HL will not be permitted to add another ftre magogues know so well how to turn to ac- reopening of the Opera. The gossip was due consideration and reflection before he 1left a brief note explanatory of her conduct, de. hundred millions of pounds sterling to the na-claring that she could no longer exist under theproves of i t From the extraordin which the bill was rushed through the mittees, withont a word of explanation beisgrelationship existing between her and the Doctor, tional debt for the purpose of. iTAStaln-** and accusing him of being the cause of all her ing a few rotten dy nasties npon the thrones of inhabitants to act as keepers.troubles. Elsewhere will be found a fall account Europe. England has determined to let thestration in her honor. Then, what the new prehend its parposes or its efforts. The aches* artists at the Winter Garden, where Maretzek has been coneoeted as a matter of spovulaboacommences on Monday, would tarn oat to be, merely, and nothing more, out of wttowwas discussed with the interest and animation parties expect* to make mosey,due to great questions; and so the gay throng the streets aad avenues provided fer an promenaded and chatted, and flirted until the opened* there will be aa emigration tesun went town behind Weehnwken heights, that vicinity of those valuable citheav, and the first spring day was over. with their stock i s trade of pigs and other disgusting nuisances, who formerly occupied.THE CHARLESTON CONVENTION.ÑOne month all that region around and below the Centra*The steamtug MogneHa and a posse of the bar.bor police, with riggers and laborers, proceeded With France and Italy in alliance with thiscount, converting these quiet little viKages Into insane asylums, with a few conservavivechiefly about the great successes of little Pottiin the provinces, and it was whispered that asshe fs "sweet seventeen" on Monday, when the heard, many of the gentlemen owning pro- season begins, there would be. a special demon- perty in that region do not preeisely coavrose, and, departingfromhis place, ranged him-self iu a threatening attitude alongside ofLovejoy. Hereupon a number of other mem- The South has disposed of him. Inof the members of Congress to charge the re- sponsibility of such outrages upon others than the ringleaders and bottle hold-one or two others.Of these, like the numerous horses which enter for the Derby, only three or four are tolegislative subjects with which they will have bodies in the Northern States, and sometimes date, for the vast majority of the votesget into Congress, very much to the gratifica- oome from that quarter; and, second- veral of the steamships of the Canard line,'Coptto deal. By the New Haven railroad the whole ly, he must be a man who will run Harrison mode numerous voyages between Ameri- ofWalesonhisvisittothiscontinentisannounced. The News from Europe-Effects of tlte of theNewEngland lines,which formacom- tionof theirimmediate neighbors. TheyareThe squadron which is to accompany the PrinceThe feeling between France and England is said R e s u s c i t a t i o n o r I t a l i a n N a t i o n a l i t y . plete net work intersecting that region, will be generally briefless lawyers, or broken down well in the middle StatesÑPennsylva- ca and England; and in his long and useful career,not to be satisiactory.The province of Emilia has beenformallyannex-The news from Europe to-day shows that editors, or persons who have failed in some nia, New Jersey, Indiana and IllinoisÑthe bat- succeeded in raising up for himself a large circle of LouisNapoleonandVictorEmanuelpersistinenabledtodistributetheNewYorkdailies tlefieldwherethevictorymustbewon.Thefriends.Heis,therefore,wellknowntethiscoun-with tiie same promptitude. The great lines honest pursuit, and take to politics for a living try ; and this, together with the lamentable circum marching with the spirit of the age, and that will, in fact, become mere continuations of the with the same views as they would have in go- only men whose qualifications combine these stances of his death, in the very noon of his useful,ed to Sardinia.The Pope had excommunicated Victor Emanuel. the British government is willing to let the Con- streets of New York, along which, and their ing to rob on the highway. Lovejoy himself is two conditions are Wood, Houston and Lane. ness, cannot fail to awaken the generous sympathyThe French army had commenced evacuating tinent work out its own destiny. branch feeders, the metropolitan papers will a demagogue of the cast iron order. He is a They are the only live men oat of the score of of every American heart If any additioaal incen- Lombardy. Sardinia has formally accepted the annexa- be dropped with the same relative speed and broken down editor, nigger stealer and nigger candidates talked of a few weeks ago. There tive were needed for a unity of porpose hi thispunctuality and with the same rela-tive cheapness as within the city limits, ships himÑa most economical arrangementbeen heard, but who may loom up at the last incumbrances arising out of the confidence and in-is Venetie. Hungary is stfll restless. ãThe Agitated condition of Naples remains on one of the States of the Church. In conse- the price for which the HERALD can His attack upon the slaveholders was quite moment We cannot tell. But among those tegrity of Captain Harrison, have left his agedchanged. quence of this fact, the Pope has officially an- be purchased at New Orleans, one of the characteristic. He was as well aware as who ore named- the contest is narrowed down mother and other members of his family bat poor-most remote points oomprehended in the ar-rangement, not exceeding five cents. At Troyand other cities within the same range of dis- South every word that he uttered was duced.ellow countrymen.We sincerely trust that Americans will in thiscase do their-part cheerfully and liberally. la works of this kind the common brotherhood of the two peoples is best made manifest, and the ttdnle cordiale which ought always to subsist between them most effectually maintained. Thefemeof Captain Harrison belongs to America aa well ai towill be sensibly fell They will reduce all the civilized world the name of American ple, the republicans having cut out for the de- England, and ws feel convinced that out of the be- 1provincial papers to mere organs of local ad Southerner Is synonymous with chivalry, gen- mocracy a plain issue, which must be fairly nevolence of the two nations, the sorrowing survi-vsra of the lamented dead will be amply provided for.Crux 26Ui ult Her advices are UutlUramonoas ratreat- mg. The tloop of WET Brooklyn had not arrived. We have been unable to learn any details of the news.WAsanroTO*, April S, 1800. Seal official advices from Vera Cruz stale, in additton to¥That hat already been published, that the liberals defeated the Fourth regimeat of cavalry belonging to IfirEmon politician.Lovejoyisthetypeofthenigger 00the5thultimo,tenmileswestofJalapa;takingtheirnever been able to do more than barely keep will come across the border and take a look at horses, arms and Emmunition.themselves above water. But to the rural worshipper; Pryor is the beau ideal of the his Yankee cousins and their various institu- General Villalva, liberal, had defeated five hundred press alone will not be limited the effect of nigger driver, distinct from the nigger tions as well. No doubt he will oome to New reactionists at San Martin, twenty five miles west of the new arrangements. The patronage re- owner. Lovejoy is a republican border York, take a run down to Washington, and Puebla, taking seven pieces at artillery, together was aerosity and good breeding. We are describing and squarely met without hair splitting, or experience a falling off, for wherever the New now the slaveholder, not the poor white man subterfuge, or evasion of any kind.York papers largely circulate, be the dis- at the South. It is to that class that Lovejoy'stance greater or less from the metro- comrade, Pryor, belongs. They are, though EPTECTS OP THE PRINCE OP WALES' VISIT TOpolis, the latter will of necessity absorb nominally opposed, in fact brothers-in-arms. AMERICA.ÑThe announcement that the Prince Tbe sloop of WETSivawuh has arrived here, from Veravertising, and even in this respect they willThe provincial jourpals will, therefore, soon findjoy, a broken down editor, and is not con- sidered in his own State or elsewhere as a gen-it appears from the London Herald, has had anthemselves in the condition of the little, dirtyThe United States sloop-of-war Savannah has ar- Priesthood cannot successfully oppose therived at Pensacola from Vera Cruz, whence she spirit of the nineteenth century, so long as ceived by the New York weeklies is, as is well ruffian; Pryor occupies a similar position on probably pay the West a flying visit If he considerable quanUty of arms and ammunition.The steam engine, the telegraph and the pub- tile forces had taken place, in which the liberals lic press have loaned their mighty powers tobeen captured. The Brooklyn had not arrived at nating a new era in politics, religion, science, mand for the weeklies will almost entirely civilization of the age, sent them to Wash- than any celebrity who preceded him to the confirmation.Vera Cruz when the Savannah left art and mechanics. The time when a Pope cease. Important, however, as are these re- ington. Their conduct in the affair of Thurs- United States; for this interesting young man A n o t h e r O u t r a g e U p o n t h e A m e r l e a a ¥nretreating. Seveial engagements between the hos-Ihe city of Puebla was threatened by tbe combined forces of Villalva, Alatriste and OavajaL Several letters were victorious. It was reported that Puebla had the mind of man, and this is rapidly germi- certainty and at reasonable prices, and the de- good name of the republic and the boasted give him, and will create more excitement state that the city has already been taken, but this needsYesterday being private bill day, but little public could force a Galileo to recant in sackcloth the sults to those who will be immediately affected day, in which they were the principal actors may one day be King of England, if thebusiness was transacted in Congress. In the opinion that the world turned on its axis has by them, they are as nothing compared to the (the others were merely bottle holders, havingSenate fort; two private bills were passed, includ- passed away; and to-day innumerable Galileos undoubtedly emptied the bottles before they British government manage things properlying all the House bills of that character. A bill in every art and science are proclaiming their influence which they are destined to exercise and Queen Victoria* does not live too long. was introduced providing for the location of Uaited new theories in all lands to an accepting world. upon the political future of the country. With came to the House), was what might be expect- As the present generation of Yankees neverF l a * .THE SHIP MVSCONOMO KIRKD AT BY A WAR BRAKES8H0WIM0 SPANISH COLORS. WASBOKiKur, April 0, 1860States courts at Bmgbamton, N. Y. A call wasmade on the State Department for the report of Italy, the cradle of civilization, the home ofThe New Orleans Picayune of Tuesdsy says that Capt the opinions of the metropolis acting directly ed of them. To gain notoriety they would saw a king, they will undoubtedly flock from Swasey, of tbe ship Mnsconoaw, from Liverpool, resortsHenry B. Selby on the occupation of the island of genius for ages, cannot lag behind in theupon every city, town and hamlet throughoutstop at nothing. that on the 8th of March, while he was passing off Cuba, all quarters of the country to get a look at he wot chased aad fired at by a war steamer carry mg We are quite confident that the conservative, one who is at least a monarch in prospective. Spanish color*. Bo hove to and was qoesaoned by theSan Joan. Ihe House resolution relative to the march of intellect. For fifteen centuries the Union, we shall soon find a concurrence ofexpenditure of money for public works at Chicago she has been the sport of factions and the spoil public sentiment with it which cannot fail to law-abiding people in all sections of the coun- The young Prince during his visit here will be steamer whither he was bound. The steamer thea patted. was adopted. The House passed seventeen private of strangers. The Roman Empire, crumbling act beneficially upon the national interests. As try will unite in severely rebuking the conduct the admiration of the men, the pet of the wo- away without giving any exphosMiw. loo Muscoaomobills. Mr. Covode, who is at the head of a com- in the Peninsula from the departure of Con-the great centre of the wealth, intelligence and had American colors and private signals flying all themittee engagedinmaking investigationinto atantine,tofoundanewimperialcityatByzan- industryofthenation,NewYorkhaslong Lovejoy. Andwetrustthatthetruerepre- akehimtotheOpera,andescorthimtothethe electioneering tactics of the democrats, tium, left a fragmentooy mass which has been been entitled to take the lead in all questions sentative men of the SouthÑthe slaveholders, Central Park; Alderman Brady will thrill hismade a report setting forth that Collector Schell, affecting its well being and prosperity. The the men who have something at stake in the Anglo-Saxon ear with his rich and chaste ora- There were no signs at Halifax at ton o'clock this ftwe-of New York, refuses to divulge the names of the clutched alike by Goth, German, Frank, and efforts of corrupt politicians and fanatics have countryÑwill treat such enemies as Lovejoy tory; and the Ten Governors will feast himsubscribers to a fond raised in this city for party their descendants, through alternate ages. Out hitherto contrived to defeat the just influence and such "friends" as Pryor with the con- sumptuously, as their custom is, in thepurposes daring the last Presidential canvass. The of their decay the Pope caught a few fragments, to which it was entitled. A train of natural tempt they deserve; and that South and North, Workhouse at BlackwelTs Island. Thenoon of the Cunard steamship Niagara, now ia berfcw- teenth day from Liverpooi^nd fully doe. To-day sohg a holiday (Good Friday) in Nova 8ootta,ttÈ ¥ * * " been dosed most Of the day, bat was to have opened this evening. To-night, however, the wiresbe down, aad we are obliged to close wHboot < any later advices from Halifax than above stated.Tote Wreck of tot* Hauasrsu-fovaw HALIFAX , Aprfl SÑA. atCaptain Crawford has arrived here naÇ ^ J * ^ * ^ Ha the Hungarian, and will go to Boston by respect-has att the Information and numerousreport concluded with a recommendation that the in which on eccleaaistical government has suc- circumstances and the result of its own enter-Speaker cause the arrest of Mr. Schell, and that he cessfully proved to the world its utter unfit-be held to answer far contempt The subject lies ness to meet the social and temporal needs of prise will shortly confirm to it the ascendency has been, from the Sumner affair down to the with kindness, loyalty and champagne; the StMonday, when a counter report will be -and the recommendation of the committee ^ ^ T J J * 2 * - AÈHwos introduced author-men.that it should have long since enjoyed.ruffianly exhibition of Thursday (one that Andrew's will cram him with "hogis," andwould disgrace a Five Points caucus), one of even the Friendly Sons of St Patrick, forget- GRAND EXCITEHEXT OVER A WOULD-BS MAR- strong indignation against the men who thus ting old scores, will Insist upon drowning a as a self governed nation, for the first time TYR.ÑWe publish elsewhere an interesting disgrace the republic in the face of the whole shamrock with him in genuine Irish whiskey ofson Davis of Mississippi, Caleb Cushlng ofof the border ruffian demagogues, Pryor and men, and the wonder of the million. We will time.,.\on-Arrival of the Bflagara. BAOXVIUB, N. B , April 6ÑEveningthe feelUg of the country will be as it always St George's Society will overwhelm himdescription of the return of Sanborn, the small world. This feeling should be so strong as to the "Wise" brand. In short, the Prince willmartyr of Massachusetts, to bis home in Con- compel the more decent of the members to cord, after his release from the United States take very stringent measures to preserve somethis go. The hesitation of the Pope to promul- the women being the most demonstrative goddess of whom the English poet sings has then, to speculate In United States stocks, op, and the amendment striking out the Chenango gate the bull of excommunication against her of the crowd. Why not? 4 s he not a martyr1 tad Loo* Looks, and redadog the mx to ft** leader, indicates the secret fears of the arrived in town with her usual train. She State stocks and railroad scrip. The stock ofwere the belles retired from the outer world to1 ^ ! ^ k*Èweti of religion a n amined by the welcoming masses. His name, the inaccessible cave of the faahionadle bon- the route.ticol from the Willn o f the eccleeias- which was never known before, has been flashed net, and sweeping the trotioir with their springCarlton, Depety norgeantot-Anoe J *Ç £ £ Jr, nsonty CaaoMMarshal, sad Meows. Ç Ñ * - Ñ.."^-aswOb ¥*-More Justice Ball.Ç day. at 0 ^ < £ S r o . *" R¥son aad attempt to kidnap *rao* *¥£&**¥ waived aa ozambuttoa,andtwW*~£rcourt. pear tor trial at ate next term of the SuperiorDrwwaedir, or Aat Rome all over the country by telegraph, and hesilks; the hundreds of natty broughams,SPRING BUSINESS.ÑIn certain respectsnp theothermorningwakedself famous. He appeals grandiloquently to ages flying about; the men of all nations, in- been. It Is greater, for instance, in advertisingt 1¥¥iL.t IV. * -.Ñ maUntitled DocumentFulton New Yor13069www.fultonhistory.com'~ .Ç*ie 1WVakthan in any previous year.Business men areby buying up stock in the different roads onthe spring business is greater than it has ever. ´ i i . Q f U . t W È¥¥ ' IT- the State of Massachusetts, and InformsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetth 