 '{?sweet10them,andthemanufactureofwhichwasa by side, their chief interpreter, Namoura Gowaj- printed in, a newspaper, that the people might under- yerysiniiliajr. Th< ' hair is shaved from all parts of the matter of their greatest curiouity. They, looked withABiayAI. AT WASHXNOTQN.J•m> m *^XSBJJ(€»TO3I;Monday EveningMay; 14, I860.; VThe viators from Japan, who, since the intelligence ^^^b«rJBoaaoWs>appearaD«e at Sandy Hook, had beenthefateof Filhnom ,*««aor«. 11 1•»brought forth forteT^fellOn^ar WOOMMMSpKMH.OtW ' •' ab.Y.....20,000 V. S.-& ISM, &H|SJOtoOhioffafrG* lew10,000 TVnn. *» 1890.. . Il.OOO-MwHouriStateIr3,000 do.;..,-.......', Jf.OOOEricKn.iMi;. : -. 1,000 Eric Kn.'Sthfi..;-<2roosJBii* mi. M». n: 2.000'Mai: KW. RR.". srfi <j,000Mich. On, lift •{;: fcta&r-.c, te..1.000 ML So. l*tmM, 7,000 CM. fljfJW.:-l*t« S B«nk «tf K«*r-Y ori...ISO Merchant:/ Bapk 10JJ«jJtStoJU.ofS. Y . SOD«4. i. JSvA. Om*l C eSFena.Co»lCo '•>145Cm.,Bwr, fcOmn ) £0 . do.... ..>"•• •;i«7*cH: MI. st'«.*h^m*rr& TA*>5^^^S^PMBASSY > T*bichcontrasted•i^w^i?ite^5»Mra, ?f •*£• -»-.«,.*«:•-:•- -:•->* ^ •ill^S- * •—r. x.w. .i. .<<»»») which annearedtobeatempo-pjfeaMd^ ftbout ihe.newB->but hintedat a^nb^.-'a8' .to "wh^tber ihe pjct^telong, which iBBttffened with oil, and brdught forVardjtheNorthern Opposition for Be¥*an3^ triumphant electioni in-certain, and a restoration ofmore that* ever earnestly.'looked for, arrived in Wash- capacities of that weapon are much increased.. > ^ j*noon to-day, "were received with ceremonious While the cabin courtesies were going on, the mid- , and escorted to the apartments prepared for dle and lower decks grew more and more busy. TheThey gradually settledto rest, some choosing floor or by them? Who would not gladly promote a retnrtrtA the things which make for peace? Is it not time to serf•teem at Waiard'8 Hotel, where they now seek repose from the fatigues of their three weeks' travel. One -iby'wiB be given them for relaxation, and on Weduee-higher officers issued orders to the lower officers, and the lower officers confided important directions to the servants, who worked with an activity quite refresh-and, Kceing a party writing at a tabic close by, revolted; ;Stirred:? ••-••< v-,::'.; .'- \, J:f In furtherance of these high and holy aims, as con-day will begin the aeries of public welcomes and enter- ing to witness. In the "staterooms of the middle dock;; , . -j tainmente which await them. Their journey from As- U ynvwall ha* already been sufficiently spoken of; and it is now onlyneeded to describe some of the interestinggentlemen were seen encasing their legs in elegant silk trowsers, undergoing the operation of hair-dressing, and superintending their share of the business, gene-,arc white cloth coverings, half sock^half gaitcr,clo8eiy fitting, and fastened by cords. Their sandals are of straw, and are composed of a small, flat matting for the foot, and two cords—one passing over tho instep, the other between the largo toe and its neighbor—-whichcommune with Americans.This morning (Monday) the Philadelphia, which had' jpose. we should do great violence to what we deVm8 scenes and incidents of their meeting with the United rally all at the same time. Occasionally they would100so QO. . . . . . . .fitate* tfeverxmM^Cojnmissioners, at Hampton Roads, UJ**&drdeceptiononboardthesteamerPhiladelphia—whichtheyalwayskeepbythem,andassuagetheirris-*tpatchedfromWashingtonfortheiracconunodatiou— • and their brief voyage to this city.mmTb» PhiladelphialeftWashingtonat3o'clocklast>riday afternoon, and, rapidly steaming down the' ;*r*er, passed Hampton Roads dnring the night, andreached "Portsmouth, Vs., early the next morning.Hotamgbad then been heard from the Roanoke, to1ing excitement by sundry soothing puffs. On the lower« decks, other officers arrayed themselves in fresh cloth- ing,frequentlyrunningaboutwhollyinnocentofartifi- cialcovering, and unreservedly displaying well-shaped and muscular frames. Now and then a smiling gentle- man would check his impetuosity for the sole purpose of going about and shaking everybody's hand, as if themayalmost be considered an inseparablepartoftho 'tombofWashington, whosenameisnotunknown in! fponsjbiliticsthewholepeoplemight confesstoafeel-1223.•I•.<*<»*i*..*•••* 100 s: 4 ° "Seep watch for which the small steamboat Anacostia idea bad suddenly entered his mind that perfect cordi- -was sent out, and stationed at a point some six miles ality could not be otherwise sustained. Some wouldpui chased from the Hutch. For pockets they use a , About noon the'. Philadelphia finally reached the Lwhich it assembled, and having'put in nomiaation apart of their flowing sleeves and the front of their Navy Yard, where an enormous crowd was collected. [very strong ticket—John Bell of lennessee for.Presi-robes above the belt, the customaiy occupation of There, before landing, the Mayor of Washington and ' acnt, and Edward Everett of Massachusetts for Vice-which by goodly-Bized packages gives. the wearers a Other gentlemen were brought on board and introH IPreeident—both able and eminent statesmen men of25 Panama Rail road. 39Ui.C«m. RaiJ-onci &?9,000 U. S.5«, fcS5. 10,000"MiMoari 4*. • U.00O do.....l,50aCftHforai& » i 1,600 Tenae«*>w:9,000 Mieb. So. 2d Ut. ;n,WXfftlich;So. llOOON. l a d j l Mlc>-..4.000Gxl Jk.<Mc 30 iTnion Ejonka BaiJt o(\ Cot utero 1N.Y. C*«tnl Jtli...below the Roads, the Philadelphia remaining quietly at exhibit little curiosities that came in their way when - the P«rt*mooth dock. Saturday brought no tidings of packing, and one, who had no knowledge of ourenlarged experience, spotless character, distrnguished protuberance of stomach quite unaccountable at-first duced. At I2£ o'clock the Japanese left the steamer, ireputation, and unoueHtionable patriotism. Either ofthe frigate, and! the uncertain attractions of the twocities, Norfolk and Portsmouth, were not calculated in pages of accurate English writing, of which he seemedbight. The dresses of the officers of lower grade areand were, with some delay, escorted to carriages, in'the candidates would ke well worthy of wearingtheany way to relieve the dreary monotony of the delay. »WoteventheHvelyMarineBand,whichaccompanied lihe- Commissioners from "Washington, and which ani- mated at intervals the dull atmosphere, succeeded invery proud. After the successful accomplishment of theirtoilets,theyallascendedtothemiddledeck, which showed more animation than ever. Those whose affairs were happily settled for the time,'were seatedsimilarly fashioned, biit not so rich in texture or color. which they were driven through the city to Willard's btnantle of George Washington. The proceedings of the Convention "were conducted .in the most perfectTheir coats are all marked with' the stamp of the par- Hotel. The military display at the Navy Yard was harmony. ' 1-• diverting attention from the absorbing subject of all upon chairs and stools, fanning themselves with greatEmbrace all true Americans, from whatever section,* expectations. The only available source of amusement ' ;"wasfurnished by the profuse and ponderous specula- l tions of the multitude of citizens who thronged theassiduity, seemingly as if to produce by incessant exer- cise, a healthful glow, rather than for an opposite pur- pose. Little cries in half-perfect English were continuallyTlv t{Japanese professed much delight with the Phil- are rather favorably disposed to the change. . Thethe line of the procession the streets-were thronged with gazers on foot arid in carriages. The Japanese smiled benignly upon all, and gave a good many ladiesdol-. Raflroejd do.... doJ...•• m.W f fmmmiryfg*,, Iw&im' Hm. jj&mj t,i &&£$&& cushion, of sil|t, |vieww, oAnly oAnne sword, which appearedrary departure from their custom, as thereafter they never appeared without two. m e n their conversa- tionbecamefreer,theyinvited theatt*ntaonofthevisitors to some specimens of Japanese mechanical skill, of which the most important^ was an improve- mer.; upon the American Sharp.V * f t g by Avbch the» '* " •"^* |ne«e plant, which he brought me with the assur- them. In their belts of crape they wear two swords,• and they gave eydence^ of a positive understanding of iandDonelso«wasinl856.po wnat tlie.&fcrpause and draw from their sides the little metal pipesservetokeepitinhisplace.AnotherarticlewhichrioriaffordedtheJapaneseopportunitytolookupontho|statesmen,andinwhoseelevationtohighofficialre» so./.-,'40*."!**.»"•*••language when he started from Japan, revealed somesteamer at all times, and regarded the passengers with heard: "Come here," "Help me with this," "Look the E nbassadors had come on board, amid a resound- - 4kstudious and unflinching scrutiny, especially during " out for treaty-box "-r-which treaty box was a large ing saliite from the Roanoke's guns, and the Japanesein Japan for about seventeen cents apiece.Of the courtly and gentle manners of the. Japanese. Embassadors it is impossible to speak in too high terms,A .perfect grace and suavity seems to control not onlyabout them. .Their good-nature soon brought inconve- snaring platform of principles, is the first ticket in the nience upon them, for they were soon besieged by a field for the next campaign. Let us see what will beThere was* kiji ac market this i: orni sr, duped some -calbJin ovsreupplied t b; mar however, wasu»nivt movement of )ncc?. toputoutth*horti mpnbers of tl e Bo^r an advancing nark-t portunity to p n ov..i. a recently undergone t of 3•vieyrsj tni " aents.''roV , ' t i e sibly resist succivance. Tic ,niac which bave'bcei f<'ii; tlie market, In y i &m u]> day (by day ;i|t adv! who, sixmonth«agpjbit bullion un<I tal e ibarge,am!'h.<-m;i.s»yi|' ;It«o.dartl Tb^busmc»*<.f reported l& si- >\v aj Kiv«r\v|aHK-ery bttav to 48£. ! Thfe tickof outsiders, an takenhpldjof it. telegraphic orderby the Eurofa. Tie 22!fT but here it w:/i»Preferred ?ta& in depest stocks in the li.rT,- 'Shareswere generaE rumbra that the trafft vcrablei Bock T»l:^n< Boiiington and Quiii<72, There was a we with a firm markee. sod*atj 8|1|, undci interest is ' alread EigisteredJ <?overnji The market for U* although not yeryjj thise securities ha* b< in {the past three m« nrked hnproyem< n'sofri 6s, Zii&Sii; C beHand:C<wl, 14ff-(j Y<|rk Central Kailro ®V3; Hudson River jl pkwifyi Ha:***the familiar, but to them singularly attractive, hours of dinner and supper.On board the Philadelphia were the. Commissioners appointed by the Government to receive the Japanese, Captains Dupont and Lee, and Lieut. Porter of thecasket about A\ feet long, 3 feet high and 2 feet broad, covered with red leather, and inclosed in a" sort of lachered-wood cage, to protect it from all dangers. All the Japanese were iti the best possible humor, which appears, indeed, to be their normal condition, and theirflag vUs fairly'flying, the stations of the guests were assigned.. The state-rooms were occupiedby the officers of highest rank, beginning nearest the etera, and pro- ceeding forward by descending grade. In a Japaneseridiculous but irrepressible army of handshakers. .In the next., • ;time, however, the procession reached Willard's, From The Petersburg (Va.) Intelligencer.-**"^TNETO m@RlM^•'•. B ^mfiLj.vse"'se"wcadelp na, admiring the decorations, but looking with keen< r interest to the articles of more substantial order —tab es and chairs, as well as the. machinery. Aftertarty organizations. What effect the nomination of this Jnion party-T-whicb appears to be gaining strength and ajs8uniirg more majestic proportions every day—will have upon other parlies and their tickets remains to be2 0 100 100Erie* :••:.... 9 'V • •ship, the place of honor is the bow. Numerous berthsUnited States Navy, 'Mr. A. L. C. Portman, the" amiable smile the one common point of similarity. As upon ihe upper deck were assigned to the lower attend- their demeanor with that of a very considerable num- The bells rang welcome, the crowd called welcome, follow the partizan leaders of the other political organi-Dutch interpreter, who accompanied Commodore the hours passed along, they sought their special* Perry on his mission to Japan, and who, from his friends on board the Roanoke, and bade them farewell courst of their education, arid sleep upon the floor.zations. The Gonventiori has done a noble work ia ber of the Americans with whom they came in contact thousands of fair hands waved welcome. And under- presenting such men to the country, and we can but during the last hours of their long voyage. Bough standing and fe'eling it all, the Embassadors showed in bope, that the intelligent voters will duly value the prize that is npwj within theirjreach, and work with aants, ome of whom, however, preferred to follow the earlier experiences, and his acquaintance with the with evident affection, giving them, in some cases, -Amorl ? these men of lower rank are the artists, nonewords and coarse allusions concerning them appeared more rough and coarse'from the unvarying delicacy which they showed. We sometimes hear Of doubts as to the possibility of. interchange of valuable commodi-their beaming faces the joy this warmth and heartiness of reception gave them.willifor the good cause till v/ctory shall crown their eflbits. *From The Lynchburg Virginian., Japanese, holds an important position at the present valuable presents, to keep in remembrance. Very time—and a very few other gentlemen, three or four prominent among the throng were the three physicians,^* at the most, either connected with the Navy Depart- with shaven heads, exceeding wise in mien, but smil-of whpni are entitled to the second sword, which marksment, or immediately concerned in the arrangements «f the reception.About 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, the Anacostia came briskly in from Hampton Roads, quite fluttered,ing as affably as the rest.The] dinner in the cabin was attended only by " two- sword3 men," who certainly manifested a very culti-.It is needless to tell our readers, that we shall sup- dated at Willard's Hotel. The entire lower floor of ,;pprt thoee nominees with all the zeal, fervorand abilitywas too necessary to the comfort of the Japanese to be not singular. But what most forcibly attracted then-Their intercourse among themselves is always scru- in a manner Bupposed to be {rightly suited to their li John Bell and Edward Everett, are true and triednobility.!. •The Japanese are amply and elegantly accommo-that the Roanoke had arrived at 10 o'clock Saturdaynight. She had discharged signal rockets to give an- separated from them. Nevertheless, Namoura, who fancy ' vas a dish of ice-cream, molded to represent a pulously polite. When high officers of equal rank ap- tastes; Many of these apartments are newly fur- T>a.triots; men of spotless reputation,' personally andand tat te had quite a melting effect. ! lute is never omitted. In conversing, they take special are thickly decorated with fine engravings, and news was received was not favorable to demonstra- " are the only necessary baggage, you know;„the rest The leparture of the Philadelphia jwas deferred until care to pronounce the entire name and title of the upon every available place, bronze statuettes, of which tions of rejoicing, but drowsy mormuringsof congrat- "'is nothing.',' *Next in importance, it appeared, came after dinner, lest the rude waves of Hampton Roads person they address. .Their tone is always very the Japanese are fond, are liberally distributed. In all ulation spread everywhere around, with brighter their weapons—spears, pikes, swords, &c.—which should overset the gravity/of the tables or their bur- moderate, and never rises to dispute. The * relations the principal rooms mirrors reach from floor to ceiling dreams of Japanese joys to come with daylight. were beautifully made, and finished with such delicacy dens. As; she passed by the Roanoake for the last of the inferior officers are different, and are clearly de- on every side—a matter" of particular interest to the Soon after 8 o'clock, the Philadelphia took leave of that rough treatment had to bo very carefully guarded time, tl e frigate's shrouds were manned,-and a parting fined. Their obeisances when their princes pass near, visitors, whose only mirrors at home are small plates of Portsmouth, and departed for Hampton Roads, where against. The handles of these weapons are all thickly salute was given. The steamer crossed to Old Point, or address them, are very profound. This is a point highly-polished steel. The number of their apartments is•"politically, and of unsurpassed ability.1 From The Wheeling (Va.) Intelligencer.:jMr. Bellisagoodman. There arefew bettermen;in the country. Indeed, we doubt if there any. And lit lis for this reason—because he has been so uniformly liberal and high toned—that he is now put forward^not to be elected,, not with any expectation of such an* event, but simply by a class of men. who would play again into the hands of the Democracy, as they did in 1&56. It grieves us to see so good a man eacnfied forvisible from Portsmouth. The hour at which the of the Roanoke—" Captain, the treaty and the moneythe Roanoke was plainly to be seen lying at anchor, inlaid with gems and precious metals, giving them where the guests disembarked for a visit to Fortress that is never relaxed. Sometimes the subordinates about sixty, of which nearly jtwenty are reception BO] ignoble an object.With the Japanese flag at theforetop. Capt. Taylor, of great value. Monroej They were formally received by the garri:the JcVwhaian, who accompanied the Embassadors At 12^ o'clock, Commander Dimmick of Fortress son, and less ceremoniously, but more cheerfully wel to be accompanied by no sense of humiliation.dnring the entire voyage, leaving the Roanoke only for Monroe, close by which the Roanoke lay, came on corned by a number of ladies who were waiting for The .Embassadors gave frequent expression to theira few days at Sandy Hook, and Mr. Zantzinger, Sec- board with thirty of his officers, to invite the Embas- them onffthe pier. Bands of music again gave out har- interest in the approaching events. That they should safna floor | are those indispensable aids to Japanese Convention at Baltimore. The news, we need hardlymony, and the heavy guns-poured forth deafening be wakened to the highest degree of excitement was not comfort, the bathing rooms. The Japanese exceed all, say, caused the greatest rejoicing here, and was hailea with the ringing of bells and the firing of cannon.•'•• From The Nashville Patriot. ,- ,.It affords us unfeigned pleasure .to announce thealongside, the bands stationed on board the vessels down in ^ tug boat, visited the Philadelphia, made terchanges of tenderness ensued as far asi was .practi- look upon a foreign shore. The system of Japanese room, where they will be atliberty to enjoy their meals jnomination of John Bell of this city arid State," for the»etary of Flag-Officer McCluney, were added at Ports- sadors to visit the fortifications, which they appearedmouth to the number of passengers. At 9| o'clock, quite willing to do. A little while after, a party from salutations. The fortifications, which are said to be to be wondered at. Of all their countrymen they are other people in their scrupulous and universal clean- the Roanoke was reached. As the Philadelphia moved Norfolk who called themselves eminent citizens, came the largest in the United States,' were viewed, and in- the first who, with the sanction of their government, liness. A flight of stairs leads down to their dining1struck up simultaneous and conflicting strains, in»pirit- facetious remarks for nearly an hour, and then started iag, though confused. The Japanese were seen clus- back again, satisfied with nothing but themselves.cable bet ween the foreigners and the fair. Flowers be-- seclusion has been most carefully preserved. Formore with whatever seclusion . they may desire. In the. Presidency, by the Constitutional Union Party of tho Nation, nowin session at Baltimore. This result wastering at all^points of observation, and one prompt The Japanese secondary officers and servants beganoccupiedgentlemen,whosearrangementsappearedto venturesomeboldness,hecallsdownuponhimself astheyaij3utteredbytheirowners:dence'ofacuriositythatnoteventhes6verestpunish- tion. Iknowtheywaiderupstairsanddownstairs, pulseoftheirhearts,withnoleaningortendencyto sectionalism, they seem to embody best the broadest ments could restrain. Two gentlemen of high rank and it^is a question if all-their wanderings stop there. idea of that generous patriotism which embraces thehave been completed beforehand,, found opportunity tocirculate among the new comers, with a view to asmuch entertainment as was compatible with the infor-mation they more particularly desired. Their invari-We question was, "Your name?" while they ex-.preesed atthe same time a perfect willingness to render is exceedingly agreeable. He is rather short and mp their own names in return. In various ways theygathered here and there chance bits of intelligence,which they seemed to cherish in memory, until, getting -. JaB to overflowing, they sought the seclusion of a corner, and recorded them with rapid touches in theirplump, with a full, round face,-that always overflows 10. Yo>ida i agosai«5mon.with mirth. .His features are small and regular, and The ord ^r of the above is strictly according to the his eyes twinkle like stars on a December night. He order of ijank. Numbers 1 • arid 2 are the first andwould not refuse them the privilege of departing withnote-books.Before the formal interview between the Japanese his duties in the arrangement of the guests, surveyingprecedingj N>. 6 is the. next in rank. These are all in their own breasts in continual agitation," and in nient. This letter was probably prepared at the in- eur unwillingness to consent to a third party move-andAmericanofficials,Capt.DupontandMr.Postman himselfinalargemirrorattheheadoftheupper •were recognized by some who had known them upon cabin, with evident and quite natural satisfaction. But their visit to the Empire of the Rising Sun. A very it mast not be supposed that "Tommy" is all frivolity. charming sense of good fellowship and friendliness He has, as a foil to his levities, occasional serious mo-dignitariesofhighposition. Nog.7,8,14,and15are otherwaysgavoproofoftheirwanderinganxieties.,attendants, or aids, to the Advjiser, No. 3; Noa. 9 and Without waiting for an answer to this missive, they This morning Mr. Ledyard was at the quarters ofsharp censure from his superiors. This, however, hi s 1. Sim'nri Boojaen no-Kami.not yet brought him to grief, for his spirits aie of as lively a nature as ever was known. He perpetually laughs' or sings. lie says droll things«t the most unexpected times. His appearance11. Namoura Gohujfiirp. 2. Moorad.kiA,ivaJRi no-Kami. 12. Musuj'su Siut«u6ro.dresses with much taste, too, and I suspect he is quite conscious of his youthful advantages (he is only seven- teen), for I saw him, as soon as he was released fromsecond Embassadors; No. 3 is the Censor or Adviser; No. 4 is tile pfficer of the Treasury;"No. 5 bears themerry Aces, the way in-which they perpetually Washington, to visit the Patent-Office. That "Tommy" 19, little " Tommy," is the adopted eon of No. 18. they hadtheir libertiesand endangered their lives. Corn- with incidents of the voyage, to be sent to San Fran- however, exerted himself to save cisco by the pony express, and thence to Japan.iWS&iU&K,to the fbrehead^ wb,ere itfreBts.. They wear silk pr crape"Un^er%o^ik, of various lines, looser robes of, the' same line American nund. A picture of the Charlestonat it was intended especially for the newspaper' ch Iliad told him. So you have here the first oif Japanese art ever contributed to an Americanpublic ition:hlu W0M <>^<^i«5e, tl.eir fate w S 5 f f i £ ' S £nytbingbut bad;J^>v^nngforva moment, v'ith l i g ^ n m g ^ ^ ^ ^ u ^ e s i / ^ m s representation .ofV V WW W5 w i 3 w , umakeJuseof),theotherlonger* Theseweaponsarcof a finer steel than is elsewhere made, and are bornein neatly-wrought scabbards of thick skin, inlaid'"withornaments of gold andjewelri. Their trowsers are verywide -and short, descending only to within five or sixinches of the ground, and.arc. made of silk, which is.sometimes covered with beautifully embroidered figuresof birdsand flowers- These trowsers are held up by: a -at his own inaction, and communicated the fact by|flat, braid which rests in the' small of the back, andmote Convention, as we interpret He action, haspUvced been selected by that body as candidates for the hu&e*tdrees, is the pipe, which is carried in the back part ofthebelt,and which is brought intoveryfrequent;though not long sustained, use. Three whiffs are the:extent of Japanese .indulgence in this.luxury. The cijty of Alexandria turned out ona wharf, to take no-JW*100'.Wr «..i . . . . .ifef«',|princes, and most of the higher officers, wear watchestice of the arrival. .-;.-;LA... . . .100'ioo; erS.do........"... do..;.do....do^...ticularprincewhomthey serve. Someof these attendants have adopted leather shoeb' and slippers, which they found at Honolulu and'San Francisco, andbrilliant-^-thefemininedisplaymoreso.The crowd, judged by the American standard, wasTheplatformchosenwas"theConstitutionofthe country, the union of the Stales, and the enforce- ment of tbe laws"—a'platform broad enough toset the embassadors from all sides, and interesting little than two centuries, no native of that empire has been basement a small kitchen is at their disposal, wherejdedared on the.second ballot, so unlimited and unani- mous was the confidence of that body in tbe purity, in- ity, abilityand patriotism of the great stateuman ofdialogue sin alternate English and Japanese were con- suffered to leave the islands. This was one of the their peculiar arte of cookery may be practiced unmo- artist, of whose talent and industry 1 wan afterward no go on board the Philadelphia at noon}' but the princi- tvrmnHyj opened. At fi nVlock all were again collected means by which they hoped to secure freedom from lested. A private entrance to their quarters fromonboar<, andthePhiladelphiawas soon onnevway tliatoutsideinterferencewhichiho.yanjnn«b dreaded. Fourteenthstreetissecuredtothem,andwillbeunder Tehnessee. This action of the Convention willbe hailed by the true conservative masses of the people all•convinced, sprang high upon the hammock-nettings, pal Embassadors remained on the Roanoke until half-and set to work in the most vigorous manner at a past two o'clock. For some time previous elaborate once nio. -o toward. Washington. It is well Knrope understood now that this Uith- their own'control.mktstch of the Philadelphia's approach. The Japanese, arrangements, pointing to the astonishment and satis- As sh< left the pier, the ladies from the shore sent up erto unbroken determination to stand apart from the rest • Every necessity that could have been foreseen iswhich began to appear on every side, a boat pat off to appetite, all so deftly intermingled that it was next out to tie stern,' and waved reciprocaladieuxwith them. The suspicions then aroused against foreigners . thorough accommodation than has been provided for from the Roanoke, in which Capt. Dupont, Capt. Tay- to impossible to distinguish where floral nature ended genuine jervor. The evening was very beautiful, and have never 1 ieen allayed in any measure until the them. The luxurious beds which await-them will not lor, Mr. Portman, and Mr. Ledyard (a son-in-law of and saccharine art began. AH the recognized necessi- the sunset clouds were of unusual richness. The preserit time;' arid it is even yet an open question at first recommend themselves t'o their pleasant senses, Japanese sat for a long time, gazing at the receding whether a perfect feeling of trust exists.on the part of their accustomed places of repose being nothing softer shore, ai d only withdrew when increasing darkness the Japanese Government toward jthoeo who have than rigorous pine at the best: but it is possible that dimmed t le prospect. / sought to establish'friendly relations-with it.' Such, a by degrees they may become inured to feathery pillows The e1* ening was one of exceeding interest. The feeling has certainly not been shown in any case unless and balmy blankets, and that couches of downiest deli-''OV%T the Union, with acclamations; and they will, wo predict, rally to his standard before the canvass is over, mjBuch numbers as will cause the enemies of the Con- stitution and the Union to tremble from sole to crown, ana the friends of a pure, national and patriotic ad- mipi8tratiori of public affairs to rejoice in their inmost •hearts. . ,,| It is unnecessary for us to say how fully the action of the Convention has met our views and wishes in this respect. At the present writing we are in pos- session of none of the details. We have only beeu. in- formed that Mr. Bell was nominated on the second ballot, and that the Committee had reported as a plat- form, " T h e Constitution, the Union of the States, and ••^the- enforcement of the laws." This morning his name is bailed in nianv States, and by many hundreds of thousands of people, with proud satisfaction, and with confidence that sectionalism is destined to fall be-fore it in shame and defeat.shrill ch< ers, and waved from a distance their hand- of- the world was caused by the misdemeanors of thecalled upon deck by the news of the Philadelphia's ar- faction of the Japanese palate, were' visible in therival, soon disappeared, to make ready for their change steamer's cabin. Tables were laden with flowers, kerchief*. The Embassadors had retired to their state-., early visitors to Japan, who repaid hospitality by Che be effected, if possible; but their ready adaptive habits of quarters. In the midst of the bustle and excitement fruits, meats, confectioneries, and other sufficient aids rooms, bl it on hearing of the demonstration, they ran worst abuses of the confidence so openly yielded to would'enable them to find satisfaction in much leesden. Case, who was intrusted with a message from - the Secretary of State), returned without delay. Soon after, Capt. Lee, Lieut. Porter, and the remainder, of ' the passengers, crossed to the Roanoke. During these transits nothing was done except by the bands, which continued to struggle for melodious supremacy in theties of those festivals in which no appeal except to in- ward delectation is made, were fully represented. To designate the positions at table of the Japanese offi- cers, the assistance of the third interpreter, Tataieci Owajsero, otherwise and more familiarly known asin the present.The stern regulations of the Government have hot, however, prevented strong desires among the Japan- ese to penetrate beyond the restricted limits of theirmost enthusiastic and tumultuous manner.The decks of the Roanoke were in all the confusioninstructions, the names of the officers, and distributedBpeakingi of such particulars as came within observa-As I am writing now, I look from my window down into the open area, where numerous Japanese^ k 9 f ;&BfJchigan S-'ti 12J*13; do.;iopportunities for remarking the general appearance " Tommy," were invoked. He wrote, according to and mant er of the visitors were very great. Beforecacy may not be altogether unwelcome to them.them by the several plates, with a most amusing de-tion, let riie give a list of the officers of the delegation,From The Buffalo Commercial Advertiser (Fillmora "Whif). natural to hurried collections of vast amounts'of bag- gree of confidence and ease. The, youngest and the whjc-h.dif ers from those which have hitherto been pub- Empire. A people so observant, intelligent, and in- are wandering among crowds who strive to convey all -iThe time has been when the whole nation wouldBailroadj'I-Ucln'Mij €2j; Galena and Qfci land and Toledo R.^Ju" BaUroad,' tm rJ72ia73;.lUi .^Eicbange-theje ^tond rates are unci.sibMpreighta to Li\ja 3-16d.;l306bbbi. ( at . at3e.6li.;la5C0>;k 3fe^?|fod'^kgV.'ik ai7id.^n|bulk,- 3iU. 43,000.bjish. do;, is b 8Mpjebags,atr|<i.; 40s.[3O|hhds.Huu;s fii kins |Butter at « 2^s.f 100 fcoi. BJI-v:,:6dil To Ghx^Y Antwerp: 6,00<OIshV^f0"Bsl1^1>!2as. t ayejeeei of H?it 40c |for Sug*u% aini I tuns, toSti. Domingtuns, from Jacpi [for Su|gar, and Tne business of$18q,7€6 3^~for C|w 682 87; B^ihmce, if. Toe March eariijui$ 159,315 58.The business otV$25,284,000. Tn*.j Company has ca&ei I the subscriptiou tw h payable op the " Tfork and Erie llail^ oh theteec^ndmort :alelstof March. >Mil \&X ontoeexteri^o>upbns, and on thlli tion ifor ittdorscmt-ii. .Road expects tjj ik>mLittleValU>i* rr.B, F . Camp hsirtisans' Bank. ' Tbe'foUowiug f;'i<> e four I leading w•• iateot weekly Kx,: -MBoston.M*y 13. tl if jPhiU-.May 12.. *;.« " Orb., M»v 5. Xt.A• ' . . - — - - ( + •oUlj. i...|.:« j ';*$>'!?'.•*$rvvlou* www? * -; j:n The MoiK'y>vj-t *JJied with. capifaLlownwanl tendeScj|: jas'ktwajji^i'r"c«emn^ysl^ut at. jirst-clss uborrow* tbj^jpfar):etisqu t. 5«*i'^cent,ui- t, less Jcoo Kn «a VJ^PJTb^followntgi.^ •g^o^e quotas mx fthave risen with enthusiasm to greet such a nomination a s that of John Bell for President and Edward Everett for Vice-President. These are among the grandest they have been confined. An incident during tho they find,themselves exceedingly comfortable and well names of our political history. Wise instatesmanship, erated farewells, and the like. A few less laboriously pects; for it is said that, often advancing with too thographj may beT finally adopted, the Japanese names second vifiit of Commodore Perry, in 1854, gave evi- to do. No place is secure* from their, eager penetra- prudent in policy, firm in action, national in every im-gage, elaborate personal adornment for the event of liveliest, and one of the most comely of the. party, lished by its exact accordance with the pronunciation" introduction to the representatives of the United " Tommy" has gained for himself a' general affection of the nai ies by the Japanese themselves. It is'worth States Government, affectionate and indefinitely reit- that sometimes threatens to interefere with his pros- while to present for once, at least, whatever or-quiring wouldhardly be satisfied with the dim and un- certain knowledge of the surrounding world to whichhospitable ideas to them.tributing curiosities about with a lavish hand. Alreadyand position, shaken from the usual immobility of theircOuntiymen by the display of power and influence whichthe Commodore wielded, sought by means of a letterto gain his consent to a little plari of travel whichthey had concocted on their own account. They rep-resented themselves as exceedingly anxious to extendtbjeir experiences, and begged that the Commodorehim, in concealment, for what they called '-'The five in which it is Btated that the Princes come hither as practically useful to the country. Seeking always the highest good, we should still temper our action withgreat continents." They averred that, for mahy years, Envoys Extraordinary, with the request that they be some regard to the nracticalties of life and the pos- title of G\>vqrnor, and is slightly subordinate to the their wish to see other regions had "gone to and fro presented to the President through the State Depart-, sibilities of success. We -have again and again declarednient in the coming campaign. Only an imperative ne- cessity,weargued,couldjustifytheconservativeop- position of the North, including the American and Whig elements, in presenting or attempting to support a third3. O'goori Bungo no-Kami. 4. Morodt Okatoro.5. NarooBii Gaimsiro.6. Tsokahira Joucoro.7. HitakaKflKib oro.8. Osakabi IVUtaro.9. 2Vlatnem 5to jSanojou.13. Sooj'Hce Yosegoro.14. KuriSimahicohaj'siro. 15. SnHaaawu Scojero.1G: Measaki.17. MoWa'ma.18. Tfttaiesi Toknjxflro.19. Tateiesi Owaj'acro. 20.. KbwaHaki.The scene is altogether charming—the meeting of twowhole Union, and would keep it ever one and indivis- ible. W e should be false to all our past record and a{I our opinions of the real needs of the country did wo not say thus much for the distinguished gentlemen who'extremes of civilization.TBy Telegraph.], -j. ,.-.-.10 are officer* belonging to the first and second Em- started out one night in a small boatr and joined the the Japanese arranging for the official visit to the Statebassadors No. 11 is the Imperial Interpreter; Nos. 12 squadron; but Commodore Perry, unwilling ,to Department to-morrow, consequently their reception, candidate, no matter how strong his personal claims onaeemed to prevail, and in spite of all their active at- ments, in which he develops a very mechanical turn of arid 13 aT<| aic s to the Treasury officer, No. 4; Nos. 16, any movement contrary to I the Japan- by the President will not probably take place till their regards. •, tention in the business of packing and preparing for mind. He was often very curious about the manu- 17, and 2«, ar> doctors; Nos. 18 and 19 are Interpre- encourage felt constrained to send them back, Thursday.The Chicago Convention meets next week. Among the names to be presented to it are Beveral not only worthy of a national support, but which can be sup- ported with a brilliant prospect of success. Still fur- ther on wc have the two Democratic Conventions at Kichmorid and Baltimore, fraught with consequences of vital moment to our national existence. Rseems' probable that they will result in the seetionalizatiou of the Democracy. If they do, no man can act houeetly and wisely who does not in some measure govern him-departure, the Japanese found time to distribute all facture of chairs and tables, and he told. me ters. It will be seen they have the same first name.sorts of good and pleasant words around; and as for that his first and most ardent desire was, on reaching The-family name in Japan always precedes, and No. to their by this iriiprudent attempt sacrificed gaged in writing dispatches announcing their arrival,beamed about, blandly sniffing in affability, or broadly has endearing qualities is proved by his possession of The prince.i, Simmi, of Boojsen; Mooragaki, ofgrinning in unchecked mirthfulnes*, was enough to a nick-name. No one that is disagreeable ever gets a Awajsi, ;md Ogoorij of Boongo, are of the highest modore Perry,convince one that he had fallen among the. happiest nice nick-name. When he first came on board the Phil-. rank that cou d have been deputed upon this mission. them from the; worst consequences, and succeeded so lard's Hotel, and that meals be sent to their rooms.fruriJyt hat ever existed. Upon a couple of little lads adelphia,adisposition wasshown to regard " Tommy"who roamed about, theJapanese bestowed, beside kind as his real Japanese appellation, and explanations gotiated :;he frst treaty nvith Commodore Perry, andgreetings, many odd and ingenious, toys, in the inven- weresought, a thing which worked upon him, so that the 8nb|sequei t treaties -with Mr. Harris. They are them. This circumstance waB alluded to in conversa- promote their, comfort.tion of which they are opequaled. I even he betrayed for an instant a faint sign of serioua-tion on Sunday evening, but when a question as to theirnot hereditary princes, "the Lycoon, or temporal supe- fate was asked, the interpreter, Jokujsuro, answered THE PRESS ON THE BALTIMOREOne word, in conclusion, to those too ardent Repnb- licanB who find in" the action of the National Union NOM- Covention a subject for that bitter and unreaeoning ceneure they arc too apt to bestow on all who do not see with their eyee. So far as the political effect of the action at Baltimore is concerned, it is an engine of vast4A t length, about 10 o'clock, a calm came over the ness;ceremony. Gradually the surrounding noises were one of the many who accompany the Embassy, went however,Jto the Lycoon's Foreign Council of Six.¥region of the Flag Officer's cabin, which portended | Before the arrival of the Karais, a Japanese artist, from his ctomii ions. They belong, or have belonged, had not been permitted for the under gentlemen tonoshed, excepting those produced by a parcel of in-veterate green parrots, which some of the Japanese, In with the most remarkable rapidity. Nothing evaded they have no rhare in the Government of the placesnational good, in aifording a rallying point for theabout the cabin taking accurate sketches of everything, Their titles h ive only an honorary significance, sinceIn the few cases which have occurred of Japanese ships being driven upon our western coast, the same• Southern Opposition. Without such a nomination theThey are the equals in station of the princes who ne-This has been accorded.Capt. Dupont is very assiduous in his attentions to self by them.rior, haying BO power to send"the hereditary princes •that he remembered, the circumstance, but that " it know of the result." ••"' >INA TIONS.W e lay before our readers the following collec-tion of extracts from journals in different parts of entire Sonth would be given over to Democracy. JAstheir passion for novelty, had picked up on the Isthmus, his notice. Pyramids of confectionery, dishes of meat, whose names t iey bear. Semmi Boojsen rio-Kami is curiosity has always been manifested by the crews, the -country, which may be taken as some'indica- yet Republicanism has no foothold, worthy of mention, "with a vague idea that they were good things to have, flowers, fruits, decanters, glasses, butter, bread, not the gol era ng prince of that province in Kin-sin— tiori of the current of public feeling concerning the at the South, and it is hardly prudent or sagacious^to-but less unrestainedly expressed, for fear of possible heap unfavorable comment on the men to whom Re- m.andwhichutterlyrefusedtoperceivetheimportance knives,forks,spoons,allwerefaithfullytransferredto possiblyhiisneverbeeninit."Andsowiththerest. resultsshouldtheyeveragainbereceivedathome. It proceedingsoftherecent!NationalConventionat publicansmustlookatlastfortheironlypeliticalallies-« f the occasion, or to cease shrieking on any terms his note-book, nothing extenuated and naught set Possibly tlj ey lold tho titles by reason of family con- thus appears that a want of interest in foreign nations Baltimore:*ad dignity. Mr. Potman was then introduced, and little vessel with a long handle, exactly resembling one arid friendship between the United States and World they were to visty. They found a "Broadway opposed toDemocracy will and can votefor no one else. \ Although the nomineesare themselves gentlemen of(N. Y.) Directory," which happened to lie in the cabin, Bell and Everett are the names which can have the un"-! undoubted respectability, and so far as we know, well landed to the Embassadors the official commission of of our pipes. In this manner the artists all work, al- Japan. Tjiey j re admonished to keep strict watch ;Curtains Dupont and Lee, and Lieut. Porter-a xnanu- though one has an improved style of sketching-hook, fulness ovjr the propriety of the subordinate officers, and investigated it with j great care,. Illustrations of divided support of the Southern Opposition; but until qualified for the offices to which they have been nona-hotels, manufacturing establishments, and public build- wofind they can get also tho votes of the Northern nated, there is evidently a feeling of disoppomtmeafc army, it would be hoping against reason and experi- manifested, by the rank and file of the Opposition,'whs* Trith silver cord—which was glanced at, and then laid of paper, wound upon rollers, serving his, purpose return to Japan of any of their countrymen who may ings, they closely studied. This book contained a view enco, we fear, to look for their election. That they were^disposed to cut loose from Black Repubbcanism.P0#F&£P parchment, bound in blue velvet and fastened in which there is no turning of leaves, one long strip and are finally d rected to make provision for the safem % i Capt. Dupont next presented Mr. Ledyard, who much better. The artist of the table, after completing86»meBoojsenno-Kami,MooragakiAwajsino-Kami, Iagainmetthemanofthefacile brash, andintiniated M©goonBoongono-Kami,andMorootaOkataro—stood thatIthoughtofcausingoneofhis-picturestobe. agreeableinexpression. Theirmannerofdressis., a Kttle m advance, near the highest official. The stand hi* atyle of art, and bis method of recording head excep ing the sides and back, from which, it, is interest at our paper money, and- a neatly-constructed avoid th« fact, afaring us in the faco,,and proven bv all the field as was-expected. We are disposedjet —speeted the assurances of welcome before expressed.ir'orms were then put aside, and, through Namoura, object appended; in return for which, he covered ahereafter 1'eshipWrecked on the United States coast. The Prijees are of pleasant and intelligent appear-his task, insisted on having the English name of each blank page of my note-book with outline sketches,poses they very well knew, although the process of pro- tain. The fi.rst of these things is to adopt these gentle- the Convention has placed its candidates, is another ance. Th FirsfjEmbassadorisapersonofmiddle ductionwasstrangetothem,andthey^crealittlestart- menasthoir.comdidates,andthusmakethemthecan- subjectofdissatisfaction,especiallyasthemen_,them- age, with i countenance indicating dignity.boyond all led at the idea of a machine that issued .10,000 printed didates of the Lofted Opposition, whose election is sure selves have nothing in their antecedentsof a positive or ^^tmmftth^n to the journey up to Washington, began. all very exact, but chiefly interesting for the affectation^, and ihe highest refinement: The others sheets an hour. From printing-ink the conversation beyond a doubt; and tho other thing is to make such attractive character. It would appear that the BlsektheJapaneseinterpreter,andMr.Portman,-conversa-2>uring the introductions, the four Commissioners-^ apeed with which they were drawn. Somo time later, are of ICBJ distinguished mien, but all thoroughlyturnedtoicecream,therecollectionofwhichwasstill'an objectionable nomination us. to disgust and drive Republicans arc less dissatisfied with these nominations awaythoSupportth0»yareotherwise sure.tohave in thantheywouldhavebeenhadthey been of-&more thoNorthernStates." '"For itjsuselcpa to attempt to conceal or shun or4tattnrfm4o&ers were dressed in rich and fanciful robes,f everything that passed within his notice. He appeared Jgathered id long bilndB.tothe crown, and there fastened dressiiig^raM* «ltui-' th«»m us a master-work of ingenu- past exnurieneq, that botwoen the ranks of a divided that John Bolf will not be tho next Presidentj-but ae Opposition, Democracy is sv>re to again thrust itself if may servo to tN*ve the country fjonj thecurssof »tttatt•Miwww.fultonhistory.comese law, 1unspeakable regret and terror, since To-day the scribes of the Embassy are busily enfar as to obtain a promise from the authoritieithat their fault should not be too severely visited upon,in almost one half the States of the Union. In event of a Republican triumph, tbe party will need the aid- of all tho energies of the patriotic Southrons who ad-.. ourned at Baltimore yesterday, to sustain it s^ahust the torrent of disunion which will arise among the madhis ink with the same hand that held his book, in a ange all lffaiin so as to insure perpetual peace States there is riot the slightest difficulty; people there ' From The Trenton (NT. J.) Tme American (Democistic). _abort of neck-wringing. Green parrots notwithstand- down insufficiently. It was wonderful to see how nections. The i latructions which they bring from theirand affairs has been no motive of the Japanese resist-From The Baltimore Patriot (Southern Opposition).'With the gentlemen named, we in Maryland aro per-fectly* content if they can receive, as they undoubtedlying, however, the Commissioners of the two Govern- I much he accomplished in a very brief time. He used imperial naste-, a Dutch copy of which has beenmeats entered the* cabin, and were made acquainted !>y Capt. Taylor, the Japanese Embassadors receiving t h e good wishes of Capt. Dupont with extreme graceance to affiliation with -strangers.. The Commissioners showed in every way their in-a book filled with the usual soft, strong Japanese pa- translated by Mr. Portman, authorize them tought to receive, the indorsement and support of theper, upon which he drew with a fine brush, carrying ratify the' treaty of Mr. Hams, and to ar- clination to acquire all possible knowledge of the New Oppoflition in the Northern States. In the Southern }ecessioniBts of the, South.of Printing House Square, their inquiries about which' led to the subject of newspapers; whose nature and pur-ought to he elected, no man he-re opposed to Democracy The candidates are said to be'of the " ancient regwe" will doubt; and if the Convention at Chicago will do and not fitted for the bustling and progressive times va cither one of two things, their'election seems also cer- which we live. The meaningless platform' upon which,with a whil e string, leaving a lock three or four inches ity. In return for what had bCeu shown them, they into power.1j Bh»ck*Ri>publioan president.Untitled Document• i*P mm pmmaterial, and mostly blue, beingthrown and folded over Convention faraai illustrated paper brought up politics,?one short (tho'harrikarri swordyl^hich no plebeian can the forms of our Government.--- ' From TM National Intelligencer;mmwmsupplied. Alterations that the guests may suggest willThey, on their part, are dis-•*) Hi < »*'(»—.»**« W**«i*-«>»MM.tJ?<'Untila^verylate,houronSundaynight,theJapanese !jrtisinthemidst'Ofthisrelaxationofpo'liticali&rw*.ithat the Constitutional Union Party offers its nonSS* continued rooming abouj; the steamer, some sketching, to.the acceptance of all who are wearied by the a«itousome smolftng, gome faiftring, and all forever smiling. tions Of the last few years. And who is not w e a Ssofa, some taking berths. A little after midnight, a Jup the bitter fountains which, instead of heaW *lively old fellow put his head out of one of the berths; j ifltrcams, cast up only mire and dirt the more' thev amsigns that he was so excited he should not sleep at all,,around which the crape bcltpaBseB. Upon^heir feefc but would spend the remainder of the night iu«cheerful hi nomination tbe distinguished statesmen who haveheld back at Evansville a part of the night, to avoid; ?the dictates of patriotic duty if we failed to commendreaching Washington too early, started upon the last} that purpose to the approbation of onrf countrymen, es- 35 miles of its course. A short pause at Mount Vcr^* pecially when the'movement is inaugurated under the auspices of two among the most illustrious of our hvinJ. W <!»>...... .their own land. As the steamer again proceeded to-j ing of legitimate pride, as well a«.of s*tUfaction, a* the; thought that the public welfare would be safe ia their wardher*destination,numberlesssalutesweregivenj^hands.' ; . .From The Pitttlhirgk (Pcnn^) Fanning ChrcmieUi"'' The IUnion Constitutional Convention, which has bee'n in session for the last two days in Baltimore hasadjourned sine die, having accomplished the wort for150 -250-150 j, do....from passing boats and from the shore. The entire"So>\.,... ....singularly qriiet and orderly—by the Japanesestandard, rather tumultuous and oppressive. Along who feel themselves disfranchised by &nyor aUOtherdo... do,.. dol..Japanese have with them, also, certain articles, ofwearing, apparel which they seldom use—hats o£strawarid lacker, and overcoats made of stout paper, thicklypainted, which^ire quite durable,- and which are sold some neat little articles of dress which they carried jjien. Bell and Everett*, without a delusive and en-• It now remains to be seen whether the people of tb,3 where, about 2 o'clock, they at last set foot in their first United States have a desire to be ruled by wise andtheir own movements, but also those of all who ac-company them. It was not over pleasant to contrast American dwelling-place. ^ conservative statesmen, or whether they prefer still toties between the. United States and Japan. A few of one wing has been'given up to their uses. A suite of at our command.The transportation of the baggage took up a good vated [ ippreciation of all that came before them. Their their best-informed Turveydrops, to impart to us the rooms, mostly connected with one another, and stretch? ! iThe ticket is a nOble one, such a one smmust com-deal of attention. Much of this was left behind, to be regard for champagne, I should say, approached a secret of their national courtesy, would be an importa- ing from Pennsylvania avenue, along Fourteenth ..rnend itself to the support of all true patriots, and we' \*. and very much burdened with the weighty intelligence brought to Washington at another time; but much also • sort of dSvotion, in which respect they were, perhaps,voancement of her approach, but the light was not made jokes and enioyed them, said to Captain Gardner reclining female form. This double appeal to sight proach or take leave of one another, the formal sa- nished and covered for this occasion. The wallstion! which we should find difficulty in reciprocating. 'conscientiously believe it will receive a large majority street to F street, has been arranged with great care^ of the votes cast on the second day of next November.completely prostrate themselves, but even this appears rooms and parlors of various dimensions. For the From The Naihvillc (Texas) Daily New:ijBy refererice to our telegraphic dispatches it will beservants, the chapel of the hotel, a spacious Ceen that Mr. Bell was yesterday nominated aS a can- and convenient hall has been set apart. Upon the didate for the Presidency, by the Constitutional Union' W ASHINGTON, Tuesday, May 15, i860.,The precise character of the Mission of the Japanese which, once given, cannot be withdrawn—we must seewas not ascertained till last night, when they produced whether these high qualities, the possession of whicha letter dated Yeddo, handsomely written in English, we concede, can be made available, or, in otherwords, •stance of Consul-General Harris.They have asked for more private quarters at Wil-irr-""""^"-'• ^* ^. "iof good men basbeen before—whatstituting the paramount need of the times, the Balti*;ofHce8 in the gift of the people., So constnimgjfe^mvxsoare to-day the candidatesof the Baltimore Convention.But before we Can pledge to themjour support—-'••1^25:'dosing prices w 1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 