 fH-oeefty to the amc'int of twr> h-indred thmiaid orrci K. w corns or WASSAU ABB rotton era. dotters in this city. The balk of bis eatat was l<sf» t~-tii«rani'-:afewthou*aii<*weredonate*torfinement there.Wt publish eiaewhere the correspondenceWherever in Europe th? Sabbath is regarded ascsn bowlers. And yet we find these coast ta-•-yTM_TM_1 — ^^ • _a» |a,i »U.tjlllll A*" r*B» •au. AU.Lmui urntroMOTICM^ ^ ^ ^ ^ _ _ ^ _ rtfjmrS*U&being delivered to the authorities of Honduras. In that protest, he affirms that he surrendered to Commander Salmon, as the. representative of her Britannic Majesty, and that officer, in giving him up to the weak ani blood- thirsty local authorities for execatica. has cast a stain upon British honor and the British flag which no repentance en the part of Coma n dfirattbn'*. remarkable only for a vast amount of verbiage and old party rubbish, aad '-sound a n d fury, signifying nothing." A t the late Breckinridge ratification meeting iaADrjssirs__l^VIHITHiPlVDFxMltTHKKAIO,Oat*t»5Mj^ .«_„_the blessings cf civil and rellgicus liberty tolock aharp after t i e candidates fcr the Legislatere, and"e.Uow nc man to gc there whc ianet pledged tc tie repeal cf tie Sunday laws.and to oppese alt sumptuary enactments as In- Tremont Temple the orators were Mr. Benja-*~t*t *n «A* WSXKXY H»RiU3, (AVorwt* on** SW«y>* JRii'kr ••b«avr, as J for moat daacr.ptiaafl at t u i-re- .r~iXXV.u—Kcuat ia DtuixK3L0'S 0A.KDK5, BroadW»T.-Ouuit.WIKTSX Oaanaw. *n*Amvf. opvm* BM4•!*•«.- Jjii-«o«>i TOOoas Lffcx-rxauMO'DonatLv-Ia%'•!consistent witn the genius cf our instUutins and the rightakcf free citinens.min F . Hallett the old platform builder of the democratic party and Gen. Caleb Cashing, the man cf many acquirement, of whom it wHlAJttnmMTtTHISirijraio.• >J O n or PUCK. •OTTERY THBATRX.frcforced t o e b s e the Cfiiiiean war b y her neces^»»ir»rT.—AOtlSCIAT K«>Vattended tia fate.THa Progress of Events l a Enroi-e-Dan- pity to attmd tc her material developement in But he v.as not captured by tiu»e wire hareWA-LLACX-a TBXATaJ, S.-oadwaj.-Taa BOIAIMT- R».« r o i l WIBOW.g«r or Revolution or Reaction.The a-pect presetted I y affairs La Europe atorder tc procure revenue. A. -tria is hopelesslybeen his executioners. H e surrendered with- out resistance, tc aa officer of the British crown; and that officer, pcwerleas. and even without cause, to execute him himself gives elm:-ptothosevhohadnetthevale:toat- tack and take him. but whc. it -was well knewn. weld gladly m :de: him if he were only delivered harmless into their p: wer. This Is the disgraceful act that Commander Salmon ha» performed, and it will t e a lasting stain upon British humanity and chivalry. Fcr hia conduct he will, c : doubt,The pclltlcal cond'.ticn cf Europe affects the fat and fcclish, from the spoils of their pro-commercial baxecster of this country in a fessions as party leaders, can w e obtain a sin-bankrupt T :e nevr kingdom of Italy berins LA7RA KKEirra THZATBI, Ko. CM Broadway.-Twa this memeat Ls of the aic-t irnpe-'-ug c'-a *c:er. itb career with a~ immense load of debt.% gle practical suggestion of any value to the and commerce feels the ictlcence cf war cr common cause against the black republicans.MovasT Bar.Kiw BOWntT T3lATjt^. t n >o»—KISG ar t"-33«Boirery.-RMJucuitr-HE-and not without portent, wavering as the- are France has contracted obligations, second onlyin the balance between regenerai". a aau re- to those of England ;.n keeping up her military action.AH eves ire turned to Rome, the -even hilled prowess And England, in twenty-five yearsmarked audLmjcrtant manner, ccr entire trcirevc 'ution on the European Continent, c-.ad Mr Ilalictt exposes the fallacies of aqnatterBAit.S'JJCS AMKEICA* MJSIfX, Broadway.-Haj aad •-»»tuj-Joixra. AM* E-j Baxiaaxs-UTiaa Cnsuoai- r u . tu.acmcommerce may receive an unusual impetus from tc recommend than hia e l d worm eaten, srernci peace, haa increased her naval uad military 3XTAVT8* MIKBTRrLa Meehaiiai' Han.471 Broadwaj.— atl?ast cf Laiin Europe. In the Vatlcta site expenuit-res from sixty to one hundred andB,iutia3M, BoaM, D^ieaa, Ac—JACK CABE.N:3L08 8A.UX>W, Br-sdwar —HOOLXT A OAJtravu.'* Mtaaraaia m Bratoruji aojai, 3sauu«aa DA.ICSA,AC.— I*i:.;i*i;oj BAU.dying past, and backed*«?the xemoriea cf athousand years. Gafft-aldl. now the populartion would cause an tmmen-e fall in all Euro- pean securities, and t'ne ^m overstrainedaFurcpeanlrnLreg^c, sv.ct as cur fcreacV.uff?bly der reased frcm theaame ca.se. Wjeknrw Zeld of tattle with his spjglass, and sabstan»8, I 8 6 0 .T h eA Bntiah steamer arrived at Xew Orleans yea-HAW %O»IA. FvMUkW,There ia nc bette evidence of the waning British .emmauder. whioh were to give up allS t m .arms, side arms c: the officers excepted. ref.:nuall moneys and papers that hid I ?en liien andaccept tne protection cf the British dag. V-'alker?aid he knew of no money taken, and thereforeOur correspondence f-cx tbe African squadronJetaili t!ie partk ulars cJ tlie capture of the slaver blows at ter . crouches behind the MinciotrLtc resolutions have been passed n e t tc e . p - pcrt candidates fcr the Legislature vhc arenet in fwer cf repealing the Sunday law?b'c-m King, with C.C negroes on board a tele-graphs notice of whltL appeared in our columns ready to spring at the first favorable mo- > tsterda.v. The Stcrm Klag arrived at Norfolk on ment upon the assailing innovators. Hun- V>ednesda> in charge oi Lieutenant Hughes. gary waits for the moment of ven- Tv. t:. e persons found on board of her have been geance and freedom. Germany pants foricrumltted to prison. Hereafter all vessels cap- the long promised German unity. Prussb andCity Hali. and in fact o all branches of our citygovernment where this hjdra headed monsterof the nineteenth century has shown itself. ItLs through her influence that our city govern- able rights of the people; and the Sundny laws. which Western reads are -expected tc yield in dene-ice all bolters and disuniontst- and ment has been placed in the bands of a set of which a-e equally unconstitutional and vcid, the transportation cf grain. This Ls a fallacy they work ae if Mr. Douglas were really loafing politicians, and its legislative depart- violating the letter and spirit cf the State con There is nothing in the commeroinl condition of running with some hope, comebow, somewhere,v. red as slavera wiP be taken Into Norfolk. Additional detail of European news by the Per-vcid, aa interfering with trade, with the revenue cf tbe general government and with the inalien-from fifty tc a hundred, and in seme- oases fi?e reignty, the Little Giant, and the regular de- hundred per cent, ca tbe strength cf the profits mocratic nomination, as they call it, andRussia, alarmed at the rising tide^ among the ^.a will be found ia car columns this morning, nationalities, are hastening to take counselwith Austria at Warsaw. England is struggling (x .ting combat, ucrinEr which 1,600 prisoners between the sympathies of her court and her ail? -ee-s peculiar interest. nities are divided in sentiment. Cabinets andThe Prince of Wales left Dwight forSLLouiayesterday morning, and arrived in that city early coining change. Even the church is divided.prevent the federal government from fallingcrowned heads fear and the people long for the in the evening. His quarters are at Barnnm's The hierarchy cliug to the old form?, while theof Councilmen and Beard of Aldermeo. ! creation and amusements. For these laws the of money in the banka and speculatcrs havePuritanical republican party are lespcnsible. been using it in this way. It will strike any under the control of a sectional party, pledgedHotel, where suitable provision had been made for tte accommodation of the party.place poleon. Perhaps more upon the first than uptnTh° Board of Aldermen met last evening. The the second; for a spirit of mcderation on his partMayor sent in a veto cf tbe resolution of the Board will be tar more powerful to restrain the revolu-th? -irrppreesicn cf Southern slavery and the clave newer, peace cr war.A republican weekly meeting was held last even-ing at the Cooper Institute. The Hon. ThaddeuaStevens, of Penasylvunla. and the Hon. Butler G.NeUe. of Wisconsin addressed the meeting. Areport of the proceedings will be found in another pends upon two men—Garibaldi and Louis Na-there ; the famous Forty Thieves received their training and first lessens in iniquity under her discipline She managed to obtain the control of the Almshouse department, and then turned its halls cf cbarlry into tfacchanalian revelry, enacting scenes tec shameful to be enumerated, wvpopular indignation they would trytc bock cut of their position on these questions., or try tc explain it away, cr perhaps get some bogus German? to ccm? cut and defend their acticnThe truth ia that Hallett, Cushlng, Winthrop CurtL?, end all such old tinkering and fiddling party politicians, are unequal to this crisisrecreating the City Inspector to prepare plans and s{ educations for cleaning the streets of the city. The Mayor deemed the resolution unneces- sary aad superfluous, as bids had been receivedtionary impulses of Europe than the rifled can- non and the half a million cf bayonets of the se- cond. If the popular hero perceive? the necessity of consolidating the popular triumphs a- they are obtained, he can control the popular fervor through the power cf sympathy, while any at- tempt to subdue it b y an opposing force mightrage upoa public decency, until finally the be safely set down aa not the genuine etaI, Legislature was obliged to turn them out in re* but spurious r3p?. such aa are nailed tc a coun-oticb in tbe hedges cr ditches of his old party principles or prejudices. And such are these old Massachusetts politicians and the journal? atdfactionswithwhichtheyareassociated.i:c a: eight different persons to clean the streets bycontract, and that no saving to the city could beejected by the rejection of the lowest bid or by acontract founded c a new specifications. The con-tract for laying the main water pipes to connect lead the armies themselves to fraternize with the new receiving reservoir with that for distribu-spense tc the demands cf an indignant public Whenever Thurlcw Weed wishes assistance to ca'ryouthisschemesatAlbanyhealwaysap-ter. But it is unite likely that the trick will te attempted in order tc break the force cf the strongfeelingamongtheGermanpopulation—should study well the present condition ctEuropean affairs, and endeavor tc comprehendtheir tearing upon the commercial interests ofthiscounty. Theexercisecfalittlep..denesat this critical juncture may save us frcm adisastrous revukicn in the future and thatfuturemaynettefardistant. Itdepend.:upono„rselv?s whether we shall reap a harvest cfgood or of evil frcm the events in Europe cf ing meu bers. Fools can be found to followte:: was awarded to A. J. Hackley. An ordinance the people, as they did in 1S48. In this preca-creating the office of Inspector of City Railroads, with a salary of IS ,000 per annum, waa also passed. The Comptroller reported the balance in the city treasury to be 1406,{40 2Krious situation of affairs the rumored existence of an underatandiag between Louis Napoleon and Garibaldi assumes a marked importance. There are points in thela^t news from the sceneTat- PrL,cTAGE QrH8Tic:u—We have r e c e i e i a communication en this subject wbichwili be found in another column, by wtlct It appears that a controversy has arisen tetweec cne cf err eld pilots aud the Boare>known ae the Pi-atd worship anything; but the most consum- mate denkejs are these who follow the silly ieade.r cf such little political factions as-these of Massachusetts, in the hope that, by ani-fcy, " eom^tbi-g may turn tap."There b no hope, looking to the reecirr c% this Presidential elec-ticn to any faction cr any< pa-ty in any quarter, cpjjosed to Lincoln e*r- eppt I-om the simple, common sense policy ©f o common cause amr-.g them all against aim Had the ae^eral cliques and their oanegia: politicians In Massachusetts concerned odeptr d this policy in teaser, they might haveshaSr ?n the nigger—the republican idol—from hia.»pe- destal in their e r a State, and they would vex e!y have given a powerful lift to the Unioc c* iv.se in other States But with such twaddling, old ff-gy antediluvian newspaper organs v . the Boston Post and the Cwrl-r, and with su' ;b old, r-»irT jclnted party treadmill hacks as ' Hallett. Cu'hingandWinthrop,theUnion elexenta0'" Massachusetts are now fit subjecta for t a e pas-TLe Board of Councilrrea were In session last of active events which seem tc indicate thatbe assailed while the temporal power is failing fiom bis hands, and increases his force? in the Papal city. Austria, forewarned of the comingruin thec-e partise whc have exported Ameri-can grain and flcur in large quantities.The quotations cf the New Ycrk -tcck Ex-change for some time past evince &.n unduespeculation, baaed upon the abundance cf : rWestern harvest? and the falling off cf the rrcrsteen the 3c :rce cf all the pclltical trouble in in Europe, which oannct fail tc and disa.itro s- -upport it bit cr ml*. And this is the best the community fcr several years: the liqicr ly fcr many, unless thing; In Wall ?tr?et .re that we ecu obtain from these three great gunslaws pronounced by legal authority in this State speedily reduced tc their proper level. E.li- of the Ma'tr-achusatt? Bell-Everett faction,and several others to be uneoBstituticnal and re ad stocks, as we have aeen. brave advanced TLe Dor glas faction stick to squatter sove-with three hundred thousand aimed men,headNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 28, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.^««*— WHay—— i ' •NEW YORK HERALD. plied in future to pr'aonerA hi the Tomb*. cm be little doubt, b«t be may yet be over-I K N S B T T » The AH:ot Cortiaed! Van R,a-*M?iaef was ad nit thrown by th? progress of a revolution be can- tion has arrived at New Orleans, with the intel-led to probate yefterdsj. The testator. Wio ws* not centre! GarDaldl baa given an Impulse to | ligence that their leader has been shot#et Tore-a wealthy resident of Burlington, K..1.,owned the popularaspiratitnseverywherewhichmay illo.andCol.Rudler isstill retained^i* con-b* eeteed epen tc ftrward other designs. Louis Nspoleca cares Rttle for the house of Savoyudfirmer,wttasalesAtA*i.tatadraaoa,butaatieOA/*S involvedinthecommonruinofthearistocratic tms<aeaa projrea.;«a tt grew taa»», and toe iwpru a-meat, w i u liare t~ : there aa exception.** case, was ctsi'ses of Europe,To u3 the present aspect of affairs in Europe about la. a 8c par buabel, but tb» marxst clcs'l is important chiefly in a commercial point ofdi?'^ qyotatlooa Cora was ta «p«oa(atir* rev-eJ'-, view. The whole edifice of credit and trade is .Mo. 971 wiLa more doing and A; full k>rioea. Pork waa pervaded by the ot»llgatlon3 of the govern- •lead?, aad sew meaawaa rather armor, wita aalas of ment? cfE;rope, r.nd through them a general ntru atlV)2oaiim:v. ani of oaw prtme at lit a war or a general revolution would be equallyHtm; augarawaraatead/aadacttw. Tketra&Mc- productiveofgeneraldisaster.Mustofthegreat araDCVT or MUSIC, fc-ur-aeafr atraeu-FKcwa Ora- ttooa embraced oaajrir 4.C09 bads, aad l&OO baaaa,at continental despotisms are involved ia theirW e have criminal It was begun in folly, conducted w t h eiimitiallty a d has ended* in blood. Had he been captured by those whom he attacked a- regret w i l d havepiicea g ~m. a aaotaar ooiumn Oofiea waa quiat, with l.aiitea ba.ea, waiie prices wara firm. Fro^bU wir? eteadj. Amoog tbe eofagameaU were 7J,OX ba8b9u wbeat takta f»rUrarpoa),iibui aadbagi,att-'^:.atM , ao<! 1.Q0C bb(a.flourto LoadM at £l. 10'ji.foolishEnT'3-pean Politics an;* AmcTita* tons- probably be "aid hereafter, as of Goldamith'scity, which promUea to :esume agalu the ieadthe Pope, surrounded with «be forms of the sixty millioas cf dcllars. A war or a revolu-cut and broken down platforms of democratic, cr our suippicg trade ether- may t e considera- principles General Cashing looks over the'.ocks to tt ae the triumph of bis house there Tits Ka-ecntton ««T W a l A t r - T h . BvltiAh by the cruel aad fanatical spirit cf P* r MigflACBBgarr* asm Hxn Fooumr Po*aVt-tan real Ail this time the people of Rhode | o.'AA*.—It is pretty generally cntcedet ttmt, Ifland were on the most friendly terms with without a perfect coalition among aH tbe ooe-the Nstrragassett Indians. Sttchin the difference servalive elements of Massachusetts nppoioil to as ascertained by experience between the two Lincoln, the; are simply setting thsawstvst up systems; and it is the same everywhere. liketenplnafortbeamusementof tte repabU-tbem wejre drowned. Proper beoka writ be «;• gPlng Dishonored.a day cf recreation and a civil institution, there ttve elements cf the old Bay State divided into ardlessforGaribaldi. Hehintentuponre* betweenCommanderSalmon,oftheIcarus,and thepeoplearemesthappy,andthereLslesscf tiireedifferentparties,andsupportingthree T2e> nirtr mWJULD two«•** i y wy. W yywwww The attempt by Flora Tem»ie to eclipse the time estabitshisg the Napoleonic dynasty and the Walker, relative to the surrender of TrixUlc, degrading vice and crime. On the contrary, different tickets, thus making a fair opening for made by f'utetaman, iu his celebrated tbree rr.ie order of things ttiat existed under tbe old era and also the protest of the latter against being wherever it la enforced aa an ecclesiastical cr a sweeping republican triumph, even if that.finnan i f ,i" not ^aeaiwwi«» •«*«"<?'£<•« t d i g i o u s p..rpf so*.^rp^*7S«*wo£f»««»To*cotfei nfttket yesterday WASstea/lr, w:li»eat*» «>r failing, as must every one who endeavors to«* evacuation of Truxilio and Walker's return to About 1,400 bain, ftou. ia to* ;>r«aooo o»n*t Kin ride the whi:'.wlnd: find himself and his throne that port as a prisoner, and hia protest againstThe question for ca new is, abetter a com-pulsory system of religion shall any longer betolerated among a free people New is thetime for all who are of a liberal mind and valre pemp and circnmstaice of prodigious rati-,«* /WWBut to make these divisions of tbeeuu-ce- pueucau farces still more ridiculous, they hare been blazoned to the world with all theV 4TI05AT. THXATEK, OAa'aaat Ktreet.—DKTII'S DAKOB- hero, not alone of Italy but of all Europe, is governments w::..a£nd it impossible to meettiu-BUMC BAAAAL—FOXI. sra i fsouc. advancing from Naples at the head of a their pajtcents cf interest. £uca a result would be called tc account by Lis Queer,that the war in the Crlinee and th° mere recent Italia-; war, auvar.ceu.cvr trade Iz g-uir and ccean tranapertallca tc a very great ejtat. because, in the fcrc?r l2stan:e; the Fr-^v.tialiy tells i s that Douglas will not get a single Souther:- electoral vote, except, perhaps, frcm Missouri; tbatcf binaelfhe will not get a sell- iar? Northern vote; that b e has no more chance of an election, inanyevent, thanthemania the moen; titat Jchi Bell is of no account; that Mr Breckinridge will probably carry the entire South, in which event be will only re- qrdre thirty two Northern electoral votes to make him cur next President; and that, conse- quenty, the only way to defeat Llncola is tc unite open Breckinridge. And thisOAKTKRBTJRTMXTaiCHAU^tS3Broadway.-Soaas triumphantrevolution,withthe'announced bringanewrevubirntothewholecommercial whose crown he has sullied withOASOBS. Boauaaoia. to.TRIPLE SHEET.intentionofproclaimingfromthesumxitofthe world, with ri":h we are indissolubiy con- hiscwr.iahumaulty. Walkei'agreatand fatal portsnolongersent their supplyci w>r: bQuirinal the union of Italj. FromTarentum nected.to the Alps the Italians are in a blarreerror, next to mailing hia fool haody decent on Tiuxli'.o itself, was hia declension to accept lite- rally the te;m3 proposed in the first lette* of thethe European rnirlrat, whi'e. in tcti: cases isin all great vara,fflulIior-3cf m e n - consumersand nen-prcuueer?—were in the ueld and hidtc be fed, while tbe land was left unfruitful athome B..t It cannct t e cverlcckec ttot uponthe proper undecitandicg cf tbe political c a-diticn of Europe una the foresight an I wisdomwith which future evente are provided fcr de-pend the q:?st!cu wbetbe-r it shall result Inprcfcerity or disaster—*_ fcrtune<- realiuei or travelled round the world, and who knows fcrtrnes Ic?tof excitement.and Naples are already free, and the cr,» is, •• ToRome, to Venice—Rome, the capital.' The power the ge~3:ai and rapid decay now going trlcolored flag ia being everywhere given to the on with peer cid dilapidated Tammany, tha» breeze. Victor Emanuel foresees the torrent the convulsion? and wrangling of her adherenbiLcmbardy, the Duchies. Sicilyterda; with the remaaat of General Walker'apart/. Walker ia stated to have been shot on the of revolution that may overwhelm even Lim. whilst making the several local nomination!,.is all that General Cushing can do for the erUs, the rran who has belonged to every great poli- tical party cf the last forty years, who haslith instant, but Colonel Endler was still ia prison. and be has put his troops also in motion from especially these fcr members of Congress and could not refund. It decs not seem that heTbe details of the surrender of Walker, embodied Laoar correspondence from Traxillo, together with copies of the lettera of Captain Salmon, of tbeState Assembly. Thus far she has been true to her antecedents, and put forward as her repre-made any answer to Captain Salmon'* second letter, exoept by an ahauior.ment cf the pert on the right of the same da? en which it waasomething even of the Chinese languages and c: the party politic? involved In the great Cirnese revolutionWe cert come tc the late great Union ratifi. cation meeting in Bcstcn of the Bell-Everett party at which those distinguished politician--,the north toward.- Rome, to restrain the passionsof the people from those excesses In their newborn freedom that may produce reaction. Thus sentatives a number cf the worthless philoso-British steamer leanu. to Walker, the reply of revolution from the south and regeneration phers whe have disgraced the city in every datei and a retreat down the coast It b evi-Tie prospect of a ?tcri crop Europe thisthe verge of bankruptcy,pecuniary affair-ar.d the "abilitymeats to bcu. new liabilities depends upon their revenues ire n commerce. Russia wags u n t .The aspect of affairs in Europe at the presentmoment is dark and threatening and portendsresults which may make a materlnl irupresaicsaon tne ccmrnercial interests of th? United State3.village schoolmaster, that——— Still tbe wonder grow That ono email bead should carrjr all he knew.And yat frcm neither of these veteran poli- tic.an? whc have grown gray and bald,andt i e constitutional govern-Tan>ma>)' Hnll the Mother o» Polltlis>l Corruption.season has led already tc sn unusual -arge Walker and his protest, together with the pro- from the north are aimnituneously marching position that they have filled. By her own dent from hi? prote-t that he surrendered iu ahl-ment cffcreadatuffifrcm this ocuntryumoreclamation of Genera! Alvarez, are given in onr upon tne ancient capital of the world, where course she has tfce.-efore placed in the hands the full belief that h? aad his followers might recent reports. Lcwever. represent a trgbter i-^mc of thk morning.Advices from Mataazaa to the 22d represent the tbe spirit of the past still aits enthroned.sugar market a.-, bebg active and firm. The mer- The possible results cf the approaching col- clunt i o<" Havana and Matanzas insist on a greater lision command the attention and the fears cf aLcwuace of tare ca boxes of sugar than fifty-five a'l the rest of Europe. Louts Napoleon with- ji,ads.whichi.-»ncwtiisprevailingusage. It is draws his representativefromTurin, declure3 .Hjp:(t--d that the aew ivilrement of sixty-seven that the spiritual head of the church shall not pc^nds tare will be conceded by the planters.The city was ann-naPy healthy for the season andthe L^rr.or entirely free or disease.of her opponents the pewer to wipe her out confide their safety to the British flag. The state cf a-Tairs there tunc was anticipated1 m cof existence; like Haman. she has prepared the gibbet .pen which her sachems will be brxg. fifty cub'to high, and the public relieved from her baneful influence—the source and fountain Lead of the bribery aad venality ia our Icca'. arte Stat? rcvernments removed from cur midst.Tammany haa 1;ng been the political eyesore cf tte city the cancer of corruption gnawing at the vital? cf :ur free institutions, polluting and denling cur hedy politic with her pesti* iential breath. Tc her the citizens of New York are indebted fcr the thieving rascality at thetime, to warrant any such extravagant advance are tbe ways and means adopted ia Messa- as this; but the truth is that there la a plethora ch setta by the several factions concerned toIn every department of the city govern- one aa irrational that cue years gcodcrcp. and fanatically devoted to their "one idea" cfment where venality is practiced a repre- i But aa the election approaches we wouldsentative of Tammany is sure to be found cct be surprised ii, under the pressure cf even with the addition ct a dearth, cr a'war inf'er.gia was captured cu t.he 14th inst., after an*e-e taken. Our ccrres; endence from London, tccracy for the forms of the past, and the thrill ait? at* turned into a machine for official piun stituticn as well as the censtitotien cf the the country, or of the world, at the pree.-nt of some possibility cf his election. A nd thesePa:u. Florence and Genoa, at this critical Juncture ings of her people in unison with the spirit of the der. It ia the men that she has foisted upon CM fc a3ai.-3 on the Ccntinerit, will be found to poa- new order of things. Everywhere the cemmu that are the acknowledged leaders of the dis-lower orders of the clergy and the menis en tone Te L-um at the triumphs of the rerolu tionary leader, and accept with joy the rising nationality of Italy.Europe, cc. id justify such an upward lear; inthe valre of stock in railroads whcee credbheretofore stood at the very los, ^it e t t . whop-profits were >iil, and whose mlxmanagerflent inand pses resolutions in farcr of Sunday Iaw3 many caees v ae notorious. Tbe f«,ct oa that t^e They cannot see teyend their noses. A s a horseIn this Ciitical position of affairs everything de-Garibaldi comprehend 3 the necessity cf mode-tbe Ccinsel to the Corporation to state what mea- ration, and cf making haste slcwly. He seme publican? in preparing the several jobs. Hee-e::i3g. when a resolution was adopted directingc re of the chief instruments in assidtiag the re-«-ure» are necessary to prevent the Hudson River time since made known his necessity of a deetPal- ad can, and the cars of all other railroad to attack Venice., and yet when the Neapolitan •cmpa.-ues.fromobstructing the streets of the city. fleet fell into his hands he delivered it over tc1h« special committee appointed to investigate theworked ao faithfully for hi? masters that they have again engineered his nomination in thea5*irs in the Corporation Attorney's office were the Sardinian Adxiral. This indicates his < e-gleorry severity ia tc breuk clow:, tody ant a State law of 1852 and !;-*,;7, which, t y tbe miod—to drive men to secret vices and in- way ignores the law of Congress passed inequipment for fie several piratical crusades of i-.atn:cted to report at the next meeting of the termination not to act aione in his future pro- las* winter were furnished by those hailing Beard. A resolution waa referred to the Commit- ceedings. On the other hand, the announced from Tammany: and it is reported that the tee on Streets in Cav w cf widening Catharine street intention of Victor Emanuel tc respect the S1.2CC OoC claim, which Weed has announced twenty fett on tbe west side, and extended the full Pope, and the declared determination cf Liui* as tfing on hi-? elate for the next session, is helddulgences, for human nature must have play of some kind or ether.1837, But ic this Beard cf Comr.isoicnera the pilots, wbc are as deeply interested aa anybody else, have nc representation at all. end they are consequently ^completely under the ccntrol of the five Commissioners who car. dejust asThe Sabbath committees, and the Isgisl ators Mulberry. The Board appropriated 11,000 to can., give us some light astc thecccr?e they pc?rd tc t? the scheme. She is. in fact, thf whom they have iLSuencect to perpetuatethe^widtb so that it may Intersect Canal street, near Napoleon to defend bis occupation ct the Vati- Ly Tjmmuryltes. Back auction dues is aup-rebind tbe firemen', regt-ters that are kept desire to pursue. If they can fcllov. it they m;>t':?r of political harlcta. infecting and con- l.i the City Hall. The Board concurred with may obtain a peaceful consolidation of the taminating everything within her reach.odious enactments, know how to ind> ige thetr-seU es on Sunday, after cheating aud lying rot they please. It appears howerer, tbr.t c.:t ctthe Alderman to pave Fourteenth street, from Roman States with the rest of Italy. t nion square to Ninth avenue, with Beiglm pave-the other six days of the wee! They c*rt havetheir choice wines and brandies, and everythe hundred and fifteen or hundred and twenty pilots cf this port, John Maginn, wbc u a sturd? andresoluteman,hasrebelledagainetthepro-V.iih this undeniable record of infamy stand- outluboldrelief,ahestillhasthepreeump- tfadJaoa avenues, wish theaame pavement: Broome hausted aa Austria is, and surrounded with ditti ticn c atterrpt to govern the city andxuath street, between Fifth avenue and Broadway. ber by force wonld give her n?w and great ten In her Congressional and Assembly denied a glass of lager bier, and muit A large number of "general orders'' pejtaiaing to strength. She weald ls» supported by all the eqnabbles such characters as Boole, Tnomeyruuti te papers were adopted. immense reactionary elements cf Ecrcpe, which I and Andrew Smith have already turned up, a l l vegetate and ret in the fetid at-The annual Protestant Episcopal Convention were before prevented from embarking in this I err"rriit-r" fv.„»v, •*..».»-.-—i- ».-»• » •• -- mosphere cf crowded dwellings, musingauthority of which Maginn co: plains, as tc the outward and inward movements cf their ves- sels, have also deterrrined tc rebel end tr sus- tain this aggrieved pllct. T oe result I? that the Commissioner? have revoked tLe licenseeenaifclev practical men.T-iu CJSVACUEB WrsofT A:ao ao.—Tte hin- dering correspondents cf ihe 7 provincial pre!u vhc lately located the Chevnlf er Wikoff at thewas convened at 81. Johns' chapel. Yarljk street, on Wednesday morning last. Right Rev. Bishop Potter presided. Among the notabilities present waa tbe Right Rev. Bishop Smith, of Victoria aad Hoag Kong. The sermon waa preached by Rev.struggle only by the sudden peace of Villa- franca. Thi? would bring on a general war cr a general revolution, either c f which I? emtaUy a cause cf apprehension. In order to avoidemanating from the very lowest pit of the old ' Coal Hole " It ia time that the public were preparing themselves to give this instituticn its eni-hlry, stroke. If she Is allowed to send tc Alb an; thcte representatives who were engaged In the buccaneering projects cf the last Legit- latcre, cur citizens must not grumble if they persuade the rural members to unite with then to plunder the city of Us valuable franchises and the late disgraceful scenes are re-enacted. At tne la*t Mayoralty election the people rose up in their might and repudiated the loathsomeever a system of politico religious fanaticism which can pervert American freedom into a despotism unknown in any other part of Chris- tendom.of John Maginn, and. according t their St. Denis Hotel, In this city,/will be charmed tcDr. Cott, of IVoy. The annual reception given by botiasolutionhu bean proposed for the V e- the Bishop to the clergy of bis dioceaa took place netian JPTOWSBB. wnkh may au^eed. Whenat hi* residence in this city the same evening, j t D * « " * » "»" the question of a puro base cfYesterday the Convention held two meetings, and Venice by united Italy was a ruVect cf Conwere engaged with the Annual reports. A fall re- j veMatltn In the chief capitals ofEurope* Itport of their proceeding* will bo found elsewhere., was considered that its acquisition in this iravclaim thattheirPuritanical o b -They adjonned at a late hour last night until nine e clock this (Friday) morning.The Commissioners of Charities and Correction met yesterday afternoon. The statistics of the dif- ferent city institutions for the week showed the number of inmates to be 7.550—a decrease of 53since the last report The number admitted during the same period was -,001; discharged, transferredat alt est any price, would be ft* cheaper than goingtowarfcrit ThetaitUtfenofsucha proposition proves hew great & progress has been made in all quarters by the idea of Italian liberation and national reconstruction.concern.that the wind, on the evening of the 6th ofr-- APA I Ay*,six saoa eacaned from the peniten-empt from the horrors of war, while the othertitr.a the Chevalier has seen all sorts cf society A. _J U. — -,l.i.a ....nrltV, all anrta ff reOD'-P,United State?, by restraining t t e people in their graceful plundering cabals in the Board religious observances, and their healthful re-The remnant of Gen, Walker's foolish expedi-trotovertheBeaconCocrse.prcredafailue.She pire. Tceffectthishemayendeavorsoto delivereduptotheHondurasauthorities. In reilgiouaobservance theretramcrallty meat par*yrepresentedlessthanhalfthepopularmade three efforts, but was unaKe to accomplish it in either.turntherevolutionaryelements asto destroy| thecorrespondence wehavereceivedtiierete both Victor Emanuel and Garibaldi, and then! a hiatus in the history cf events between theabound!. votemander Salmon can ever wash c u t .no excuses for Walker'a conduct in his late expedition: branches of course m c:e particularly sovereignty, the fellies of the democratic poli- than others vThlie cue braucu cf American ticians and all that; but he has nothing bettecresult i- the most titter ccmcent that car. be it may t e that the curbreak cf revolution, cr amade upon these whc accepted hie swe-rd general war w'rich now menace tte nation- cf Robert C Winthrop, Geo. T. Curtis and RichardScuthecr. and Central Europe, stcubl tbe; S F»y,^ere the speakers. And what have Trie Snndny Lawi and tbe Elections to occur.,vill prove tte meau3 cf easing fr-.m they tc recouamend? Mr. Fay recommend*tne i,egtola\tnr«>We perceive that in some ct the electicn diathe constitution Wi?e man, that. Mr. Curtk di.-cus-es t i e Dred Scott decision. New Mexicc, hi-cwn ccn?letency. and holds that 'the de- it'ccatic party has Ic-t the power of being use- ful tc the county '' Mr. Winthrop glorifie- the Bel7 ana Everett ticket, and will be happy tePut lie opinion la gradually making again?: those fanatical enactments which haveagainst lager bier and the lanc.ent enjeymenta whole condition cf tlae stock market lately ino( the people. If any persons pre'essinr tc be this respeet, has teen the result c ' ppectiticu, oueh made the whole community revolt at the Ge:a:»us should be lot nd tc dc this, they may and very dangercis speculation at that.plies to Tammany, and finds willing aids in her an orderly class cf citizens, whc justly appre-8They are blind as owl" in the sun. Each ofrepresentative:-. The Senators and Assembly- men taat are elected to the Legislature through her influence are always bosom friends of Weed as-on as they reach Albany. It was with men emanating from that rotten and corrupt concern that the several peculating schemes of the last session were organized and put through. Tammany furnbho d the democratic member ofthe Committee en Citie? and Villages, who wagciate their right.3, "and kncwir<r dare main- tain."Some twenty year*? age the fanatics criedto step the Sunday mail traics till theirattempt* were pronounced nccn&titutional which the sign? cf tte times are portentous. and they actually succeeded in atopp'pg Sunday passenger trains tc t u b d a y ,so that the people of the large cities cauncjtleave their prisons, called "tenement houses "on the Lord's day—they can neither go tc tneGerman gardens nor to any places of public re-sort in the city, nor can they ge.t tc the country Ict CcmmiP3ioners. These Pilot Comrrissioners tc breathe the fr«sh air and enjoy the wctks of are appointed t y the Chamber cf Co usreethese little Massachusetts factions has a little world of its own. and each is a sort of mutual admiration scckty fcr the benefit of its lead-Twelfth Assembly district. The food and the the Creators hand. The tendency of thin and the Beard of I nderwriters, ty n tbxrity cfxaeat.topaveThirtyfirststreetbetweenFifthand TbenextpointistheVenetianquestion.ExBtreet.fromBroadwaytotbeBowery,aadTwentyculties.anattempttotakethisprovincefro" senchertoolstoAlbanyandWashing-fasthorses,whiletheGermanmechanicismerchants,whoarcunderthesameabsolutetimecftheabolitionistsandthedetf*\yyofallLet them again rally In such numberslawfulcalling.T b e mereparch-November, will moan her funeral dirge, aadthe Old Wigwam b e buried so deep beneath theand faahioaa'ole world.The forMacoming brochure willluxury andthey candrive wheretheypleasein their carriages, or with their buggies and ceedings ct the Commissioners, and m*ny cf theThe fanatic3servance of Sunday is essential to public morality. It is sapping the foundations ofmorality, public virtue and religun itself.one fact is worth a thousand arguments, w e would refer the reader to the history of Rhode Island, the only one of the colonies or British America in which civil and religious liberty in its fullest sense was proclaimed and carried out It was the only colony in which therewas t o compulsory observance of the Sabbath,views, he is now quite unfit to Uavi gate a ship or perfwrn the accustomed duties of his profession. Now, this is all wroDg. The action 05 the Board cf Commis- sioners has not and cannot in any manner in validate tbe capacity of Mr. Ma&nn. Hia skill, intelligence, sobriety and genetal fitness for the office he has filled so long st&i remain aa Lis strongest diploma or certificate cf right tc dis-charge hisment that the Commissioners have withdrawn from hit* ought not to be the means cf depriv- ing an beoeht man of his means of living, andlearn that that well known* philosopher, ptilin- threpbt, diplomat and Mitr -ateur is at present La London, surveying Kuwjpean affairs with his usual serenity, sunning himself (when there is any sun, which isnci'cften) in the fashicnat > parks and prcmens/iea, entertaining the aristc • emtio reunions of Tjeigravia with his dellgbtf 1 conversational p e wen, and working steadily at blB new beck, the appearance of which is awaited with pleasing anxiety by the literaryand It was the most free from crime of all thecontingencies connected with tbe personal de- win never be rekindled, and tbe tomahawks colonies, maintained public order, and was ex absolute power of the Commtasicners by the | cenoe3- political, social and artistic. In tt>The realization of this idea depends open signs of the chief actors in the stirring erectsUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and aeatntll* kntma rf ho- •o^kama »11A«~4 A_www.fultonhistory.com«uvea of public opinion that her council firessomething should be done to counteract thisAsthat b - been stiffened up by hard service be- fore an omnibus makes a sorry hunter, so the mere old party csucus politician, in the worbOur merchants and bankers and financiers cf a -clitlcal revolution, is sure to founder andsbe. w e under- star;d, Vter the manner of personal.retainie-  