 ^?r-!Ti*y INAMi^tBy,KBBS-a-B-SBBaaBtan »M tan;. tk« Mak to flgkt. A wmaiiii tMB kaamitled (• tbe tammy t« <tohiaiMililiJi Mf^iMiaot before thonght af,hearty •vmacc af HidPiHX tatadOMM-AUonMT.I!"«'*- »»« >- ..4 .-*.*'^'***r'"J?- Pf^fer-Tyit plaintiff mr>ve, Ibr an Older dlaaoBltBUbig this action, on iho groU'«l that«u It na» oeen settled'kMli -«M4^caH|HMr'«j»MM»tM«la.h*tawg«ht to bmr agalaat a manIbMloa«afarthetiai«ai«,tha(,I haro lallel to^.b*»Io'eS^jMiil II i> *>•Ihagkterla Ike tawn. Th«'(UTM«i af Oaa. Riat a««ie,stace further aao of it would bo faoUoaa.notices that two of the Past-oOloe alerksalaaatloni of delight mre gaoem, aixt «liii-kMMIa(mad.forj5tti/iJ^!^nn Acn«a o» raa Slat.^ezamtnatloo and eommlttal of equlvocailv denied by the4^^kf;(*'•atkai ifuadHMU, seat ta ttieli lap-when 4.tUU9^?« 60 do Vtiiaaia>a|M thaaetlaBatll iatke SpaalAthe blaze before the event-k'^PMv, with alx battallooa, rtsrm^d a keltht i^MMiaMllaf the taM, kotkad to ebarga foar tbaea«Mll1ke hvvDrt belan ha oa^d gain the pdaltiaa.It waa deetdad ta hald tfea iroaad thus takaa, and arWlery waa aent np ta Gea. Puh ia the oontse ahCO««\io jroaw^ MUAa might. The lo« oa the Spanish side la reported Davis. In thespuriousof ever) descrlpuoa, aad, of sourse, maaufactures ofevery description mutt be established. Where thenwill we establish them ? In the cotton growingSlates? By no means! If Europe gets our trade,she must nave raw matenal, aad that abundantly.Tfce &ouOi«rn Status must produce that materiaLThen all tlieii euergics will t>e applud to the projuc.tiou of the liiateriitJ, ri»tber than to the manufacturingof it. We must hare svgar and molasses, aad a greatDia£y other luxuries u^ed, laU perhaps unnecessarily by our Southern j»eople, all of wtiich will require time and labor to produce aad prepare.tained by the rulers until a stronger powtr adds forceto arguiuei.ts drau-n from reason 4iod humanity toinduce them to alter their proceedings, there are, Itxtink, otlieis which are belter left to the gradual ad- ed that no lapse of time would defeat t'lc iriisi; that vance of knowledge and inlercourse betwten foreign- Ihe legal es»Hie was in llie Iru>lee ;uul not in the ers snd natives. To have this Government upheld who only ha-' an rqu table (stut' : that by the people, its authority must tie cuiifconaot to farratnedcahmioldurnetns, wnc due for ;i-,e»,sirieiits ; >uiu that it their views, and as the?e change, its policy will cor-Then we argue tnat the cotton and sugar producing conblry of the South can rever be a manufacturing eaantiy ; but the States not so well suited to the pro- duction of these two staples, must of ner-essity be ea- gagod IB miujufacturing, aod tnat Maryland—pointed in April. I&jj. on the apptii-atioa of Jacob 11 Mott and tiie Union Biiik. who were judgment cred- itors ol the Mott portion of the estate.Decision reservea.For defer.dxnt. Jimes E. Beers and A. W. Brad- ford ; forplahitiff, S. P. Nash and D. D. Field.pro- vioed she side nith the South, and Vurgiaii, from their locahly, water-power and climate will become the main manufacturing States of the Sootbem Con- iederacy, we presume will be readily conceded. Tiie history of every country has proven conclu- sively, that wherever manufacturlug is carilei en to a gieat extent, free lat>or becomes very abomUoit, and consequently very cheap—much cheaper than we can ever expect to see slave laborDiscrctlooary Power** of Rerereea. — James E. Cuvhy vs. Franris J. H-tntui^t-yn.C4'ne a fitthe Union, sadyouinliet a wound upon the Instl-or to buy persons out, or had deposited money ia'ere to control his discrefb'ninrefusingailjoiim-sobjecttaUoBofSlaverywbicktimecannotcure you; kin- dle the llanv of civil war, auarcnr and Moodshed, and lay in ruins ose of the best guvirnments ever de-vised »y moitnl skill.\V ho that honors the memory of WASiniroTOS wouldthes ^llr up civil strife, and sever tke bonds cemented hy the blood of oar fathers ? Who would destroy the oaly t«aple of liberty, aad baild apon its ruins the towers or confuslea aad diFcord ? We answsr, he who wenld divide this Republic, and break in pieces the legacy bequeaiheo to ashy a noble ancestry.review the proceedings of aooiher Commissioner, both having coordinate jurisdiction, and two person.'iianie in (juestton try the rlrTtnrrnn's was an I iftiriee mentoftlie word " coroalne." t'.eir trade-rn -.rS. Tne pl..intlirs al,'0 delllHilO' •! rir.nnfees I ir ail allt ;^eJ llrs^ hv reason of the use of : rin r*»or' bv fhe Heiendan*?,Trieacli'rnwashrout'btintheS"|i«-riorCourt,ari'i*a hetlons minority.Soeh a minority candidate_gresingletryloffa aoMMaaaMa, hvt tha'maber ts not gfrea. We meet* our hearty approval4(«0 N Y. Can. OS... 30091^ do.,1wtlh twenty-ecTen affeeta aad two haadnd aad fifty;awHadthUaaeilagatAIgeatraa julk. aad'Sle wonaded..*mm ftat« »aaniA latter from Milan saya :stock of the were (^ompaaym-ti. F. O.hds. MUdrO ill Central K.bs. asyt ICO Bud River It..bl& 40maim aad aiere£to do-)H fio dosCOST)^ Bsasews from Veoetlaoff to the fortreises of MoraTla aad the Donhetwotralsa, aae ef89aadthe other ofIMof and eonserva- Maryland, Union-loviDghaaa mt .afflictingTheyafthe peopletlve as they an. in iecnring the election to the Speaker- ship of a gentleman who is the representative of moder- ate and conservative connciU. and equally removedMe Rnn.ft''i.J F ts M aoI ,d..r '..l(J I'll, i-f Ameilca.. . U H KKI M.M. fc N.lnd 0.8. 14^We contiaae ta reeetretetterfromCol.BacdmtotheGwemorof Guiltcouldnotbeinferre-lfromsubsequentcriminalreferred loll W(ience, reported for 'he rdnlroiff, avsessin^ tlieir d onat fix ceMS. rieclined to aiu-ept tlii.-' ages Theplaln'if^saiiil Mr. Do-'v'r* C'liiLsr-i for tne di-fentlants. now moved before Ju-tir-e RossaT-ir^^ of. this Cotl't. for an order com;,cliiriii tne p:airml!*» to lake u,> the_ „Got. MlGOT^l^-il,arlossofKf*''"-Y'»s,S»tur(lay, Feb.4, ISM..KuoI^sus, b.'q.wtio. af'er lastngevi-ntncky.of cence roust be rebutted by .iirect proofs of guilt."'^thought and action of the DcnocrHtic p«ty-i» thufeleclioo, at Charleston, olUie tight cuiiu.aaie for the Presidency.the letter, the manner In which it waa takenfrom therri>ort.rerort, and for final judgment,r"","*"* j""*V'"'""lidcommand the best»?• *,,*T*''* !'»rty ihould check local preferences withseil deilsl and lookto the whole country, the main issue lo a ciis>6 like this. Evt^ry -State propoe- iBf ItsSpnial Agent of the Post-Office Department be filed on or be*ore .Saturday, the 25 h instant. 1 nnist be stated tnerein whether demurrer or not de-son, is vcr> much likent, oopv of the Agents' Report to the I'osiii.»ster.r,e„eral has been furnishedDecleioos. stn-itnticocRT—spvciAt, thrm.every delegate ""'"'"-"""'O^''"jr *y<*«WiwiB >^'lWTaafln« eosmpt e«2.WnaUonaBade. TUaaWoMBtla -with.Oe gfv«BeM- mescTlbed ^ «< byseoHon.uo^ Ml, 1». 181, IM. tn«'^'^ aNorthernStates. ... ^^.^ u„reoant arrest,.inn then- dalemlaut, beingat veaara- ooald not coimt upon-«»M—Kawaiafcf »y a lerea attack g» thaf^ Thay an tald to ha^ ratoniad wlw Increased iieforeyoa my deliberate opinions from tUsatand-*-.« r't Of '^^aaSaiiaLia, who haa bean boldly hrooglilany other tha> the most honorable mjtt'e"><'*'>•< i^aiiMaii the and haa aaal- by people,r^llf .i^wmwalaaaary cotmty in the Unfon.the» >««i», • <«patatlM bom«MM lots Ik* apwtHk mm^ t* ki« fcr. *»aMMilaaaf the fact that Mr. BocBABaa had ro- waa hasad.1 1 proseeatlonand the sum agreed b. betaken has beensocrined. The action Is replevin to recover the poo- session of goods seized by oefendant as a Ikmstanie, on an execution Issued onl of aVrtaaa irtthlB tw«»tiiAs soon asi.«H andSotfaiAalilSMirhassettheexample.Jfg.fHi MwolaaM tod htfWM* •< ealMd a naiarity of the CloelnnaU t^veatloB boThe stateoMBt apfi^an iB some of the newsoaoerptanptty tdagraphod hlapoalUvely.dantifed tha patV Avat arrested as ibe person lu jodgmeot In favor o Hrrrnlug against W^lcr 4,I have taken a Uvoly intoreat tn the poUtiaal affairsMr. PaaBtaaraa. Kz-Btate Senator BaBiiaa prealdad Tha faUawtng resolntiaau, adong others, irere naaa Imonsty adaptad :Raoived,ThatweTtcognfietheelectionofHon.Wh.President ol the Compsny. It will be well remembered that since obtained the Company some timean lejunciiea against the defend ants, mtraining then from further proaecotlng certain aetiont for toe re-moneys aheged to have bern wrrmefullvdado sea msi SO.,»;.; K»i» do.. !«!, do.. ...b*>Sl!,as a defeat both to the Abclitioniatsefthe North and the niiinnloiilinWioifrrtshaecovery103, ...BiaAiiL ..tao7ei, toy. ..»l«7C3t ..sSOIOIt, ..,3tl 7.>Sri ..het TO'-i ..bev 703( .lie ToHPaVDLBTOB to theBouth. and that the eearse pursued b^- Hua. H.tspeakershipdo., 1U> do.,that, miUng In bU efforts to elect either Messrs. Giuiaa or Suitu, of North Caro- lina, he soted rightly In easting bis vote Ibr Hr. Pxx- BiaaToa. of Nev-Jerser, wbcee word we believe whenhe declares he haa a '^ natlenal heart "Re^vtd. Thatitistbesensacf this meeting that theHon.^iKRT WiVTSR Davis deserves the commendationCourt.The gronnds apon which tbat Injonotlon was ob-tained were, that while the 90,00« shares of the capitalbeen snner.dered to be in the canceled,a large amount1,000 Erie K. 4tb Mt.B 50 do., fiOMHiuf. Hiv. Istin.ltr.: 60 do., 1,00* M.C 8.K))c 1st 100 do.,ortoother fataoaa, all la chains, and who had been arrested on from those extreme opinions, bo-.h Nonh nnd South, for the nse of Schuyler, or of said firm : th*t i).3rt3R tafriends to withdraw hliDIdrtct Court, on aelectoral vole tn theThaanother party, Jabxs 8. Wiujams, charged with tak- 00 extrliific facts proved to ku»j t>rt the pUriitiiPs affi-cycles ef the son, always following pioneer The case will soon come proper jndicial adranoe of the Demeeracy—Jamasov, the az-maa. I place tribunal, when the Department and the pubda will see whether or not this second arrest is to result In a stt'l vliMlleaflon of an Innocent man, and theMoacanr, l.—PomU vs. Cusknf—Case settled, ex-tocept a» charge, (which will be prep\red by theI feel that I have a right to call on aa polnt, and yourooafel as snggrsted In the 8p«:lal Tersa Clerk.proposed ease,) left withfnrtber«taj%a^e attaak. tMf^"alDM wKh iheBpiufch the head af the Deaocncy of Kentochy to aso that DBBlshBient of a reaUy guilty party,*<MHa. Mdjatti^fciiti aiai eamjat wMob e»- gtVqff#*'<^ «lpr*atMl, tbaagli ttMy»b«Una«elr ^WMMaraiy foot of groaad. In a eavalry chaige'ttitatiaiipMd by a bwly »i 2,000 Moorlah idtaaaltlieirwaytbraagk. Intlil«tkeythey are carried oat.' I salute yan resMetfoHy.LgWUB 8ANDEE8.Hob.HenryWiaterDarlaSaatalBc^atHoae- Tha citizens of Comberland, Hd., held a pub-meeting, Feb, ID, to give expresslaa to their ap-Very lespectfally joon, J. HOLBROOK, Special Agent P O. DapartmeBt.Hon. JesxTB HoK, Postmaster<>eneral.The Behwyler PmdaAff«iB<TTu iVcio- i'tn-k and Nae-Htten Railtoad Com- $3,rC0 If. b. 6s, 6SC. .11.611 li/O Pac.il Mail 0. Co.. 93)«a6ni do 9Iiilicproval of tke eotirae ef Mr. Davis in voting for outofl.it>« Virginia o. 6a ., riii do...b3C»4 ,.IXi9»4.follows that Ihe motion mu«t be de-iie-l. It,ti^:«Mn«iiIieplBre«ttli«iii day appo^Malb aal Wit It woald be matter of deep regret should any So»«- whom the letttr froB Norwalk was d*llrered. This Losrhman. The defendant denies tbat anything hasIMMBM p^alw are tajgaimaem Bu to ihr forget his dnty to Aa Sooth and to the atlon as ta accept a nomination after a maiorlty ol the Convention had been Uwarted la their eboloe byIs a mtatake. There waa no socb Identification. Oj<- af the claika ttatlilad that be ibought ke had seea Hivar WnxiABs at the delivery window, but that be woald not positlrely ao sUte.been settled or paid, except such eiecutloa and thecosts ooon It. The receipt produceand only that. The verbal agreement to seule this suit, which the p'ataUff swears was marie, being na-Wdw aiMa a* Madrid. «Uak la apliDdMlr lUart^ataA. Tka aa-1Importa that,awflalaa af feeUng love for their country which have brongbt upon the coantry sectional Isaoes, shares of said stock so issued "now stand upon the 10 bk of CbOimeroe,. iHiH ISO do i:% bavirg In them no applicacion Co the existing state of beeksof the Compauv in the names of the parties to IHAmtr. Fx. tiank.,, 9s^ IKW do 15Ikeaa ladtridiials hare net nadergoae any form tbeeeuntry, bat which are ortd tij mere politlcUDi', whom they were Immediately transferred by his ^atd :Cu Carj Itup. Co 434 SO Panama Railroad. .13i)« ef trial. Fresh arrests are being made in all the both at the >'or>li and the South, as a mean* of inflam- firm i" tbat of these 9,3^3 shares, the defendant, Van- MiCJeve. i'Ir,ie<o R, lf% Ifio III Cen Bailrrijii 5.34towaa af Veaetla. Theee.towas are still deserted.Sraiy day acts of vloleaee are cooimltted. They common coantry.ille,?l4Cin.R, S6)« Chic.K. 1,30. s;itfarakt th their system ef jrovoe»!ioii, lo order to tone the people to resist, by whleh they would bars a fselezt for renting laeir rage on every one.AD8TSIA.Ob the 3^ last., Baren Vat and Baron ProitTi caheia af the Protestant Deputation from Hun-were received by the Emperor of Austria In a iMcaadlaaae. Hla Majeaty promised then that, in .Alatal way, thelx legUlBate wiahes will uon be-'Tha Aaatrlaas were ceastractlng four new forts ' aatuad Paaahlera, and were otherwise making great >ia4MaTT preparationa. Riled oannos of large aaUbrahad bean pUeed in tha fortresses of the Qaadrlla- tatal.Baa. Base had been pensleaed.A iMitTrnT artsls waa expected at Vieaaa.HANOVRSTn« Eoglish GaTemment haa offered to Hanover a delay of three months from the 16th instant, for re- jnlattag by General Conferences with all parties in-' laraatea, tiia ledemptlen ef the State does. Hanover haa rafuaad to settle the qaesUoD by General Confer- aaaaa, ahd has proposed a special agreesoeat with Bagland. She iasists that the Indemnity fur theseshall be fixed at one-fenrth of the receipts capi-TTEKEY.The return of Eiabatsb Pacha to the office of Qiaad Vizier was spoken of. A propoeiUon was on ftMt to organize a gendarmerie 00,000 strODg, owingta the teeSeleney of the Tarklsb police. POLITICAL.Tke UBion aad SlaTery. nasiBLs Tiiws or a EouiBuircit.GoecBiAXB, Thursday, Feb. 3, 1880. 3b li« BSHt »/ ti€ RickiMnd Whig :I cannot conceive how any sane person, who de- shes to perpetnaie the lastitntloB of Slavery, can, at the aaase time, desire a dissolatioa of this Union. In my hnnible judgment the sslratloa of that instltutioa cfpeods, to &n almost Immeasurable extent, upon the perpetuity ef the Cnien, and when it is dissolved, so far aa Maryland and Tlrginla are concerned, we might aafely argne that Slavery must of necessity die a auural death.PINNSYLTANIA OPPOSITIO.V CONVEITIOS. The following are among the resolutions adopted by the Pennsylvania OppoaiUoB State Convention enThBTsday :Sesolved, That the threat of dlsonion in case the Be-and their alSllants shall elect the next Presi-19 Uacon A West. R60 Mew-Jersey Rail'd.litb1)i blO S7)jgaiy,Cengresa by Pemoeratic members, not simply without rebake. but with uniform applause from their political aaiooiates, is a denial of that vital priociple ol popular government,ingthemludaeftheptoplc.tosecuretherebytheirown derbilt,claimstohold and.party triumphs, unmindful of the great intereill of oarIjiR.,Sn Gal. kSabUcans made In both Bouses of ent. repeatedlyfree election, and a bold avowal and eountenance of aulhentlc foim thst he Is the uwaer thereof that as;contemplated treasen, which it is the imperative duty to 1.370 shares, upon the surrender of divers genuineof thepeotletosternlyconfrontandforevertosilence. itc«oaird. That while we are now opposed, as we ever have been, to the extension of SUvery, we hail thecertificatesheldbytheownersthereof,(showingtiiemto be such owners,) to said such owners had Company,peopleoftheBoathasbrethem,lnwhoseproseeritywe transferredthesaidsharesonthebooksofsaidCom- rejoice, and whose eonititutlonal rights and privileges pany tosaid defendant, and thereupon said defendant we are prepared to snstaln and defend. That in the bad demanded a certificate to himself for said l.37ii spirit of good neighborhood, wheaever the passions of shares from said Company, wiiich proraiseti to de- different sections of the oonntry come In conflict, we liver the same to him, as soon as, in tlie course of stand on the ground of mntnal forbearance, believingthat afratemity of fueling la a chief element of onr na- tional strength.JZereltred, That In the enactment of revenue laws by theCeneral Govemisent, fair and adequate protectionshoold be systematically afforded tu the indnstry of ailclasses ef onr citizens; that we maintain a devoted at-tachment to the policy of national exchaagea, which se-cnresto the worklng-iaen liberal wages, to farmera andplanters remnnerating prices for their prodncta, to me-chanics and manufacturers frir their skill, labor and en- order. Counsel lor appellant now claimed that It terprise, aad to the nation commercial prosperity and was manifest that theplalBtlffinaepeadence. had been made defendant to an action, wntchRenlved, That we approve the policy of a donation bythe General Government of a homestead to every actoal the present defendant, Vanderhllt, hai instituted settler upon the public domain, and we hereby requett against it for the sole porpore of establishing theonrSepresentaiives to urge the passage of such a lawwithoat delay,The AmerlcaB Embaaay to Peking.validity of his title to the shares in controversy, andof enforcing his consequent rights, had no eq-iity upon which it could Institute and mairitala the present ac- tien against him solely, and apon the same ningUThe reception of the Embassy was teous, rather than cordia] or rjpen : whilelectlng the rents of certain premises which orieiHally formed a part of the estate of John lloprier. ThecrHui- sel for the defendantins'isted that the injriaction»^hoiiid be vacated, as it appeared that thei-'efen i.int had been in the quiet and sole po8sts.«iuu of the property frir nearly 40 years ; and that during that time atie ha-l haxi tne exclusive control and m^i.^-Kemeut of her |>ortlofi^A Tery interesting narrative of the Ameri- question of the validity of his title, which was being asserted In his action against the Compnay.can Embcusy to Peking, by Dr. S. Wells Wil- That the Court trelow had no pow^r to enjoin the LIAKS, has been published in Cliina. It rehearses appellants from proceedUig In separate suits, as tne the incidents of the visit, with which the respondents did not show concliisUely tbat the sttickpublic Claimed by the appellants was ar.t-ially sp'irious. haa already been made familiar, and closes with The two cases were argued as one, the grouodsthe following remarks upon the genera] effect of the course panned by our Ambaaaador upon the probable policv of the Chinese Govemmant :upon which thev were based being nearly iden'ictl. The respondents' case was argued by'Mr. Noyes without written points. Decision reserved.Was. W. Evarts for appellant Vanderhllt ; F. B. Cutting for appellant Denntston ; Wm. Curtis NoyesIn this brief narrative two objects liave been kept inview. One has been to describe the recepilou and for respondents, the Company.proceedings of the American Emhassy iii its journeyto the Chinese capital ; the other, to exhibit, moreparticularly than would have been necessary had theAmbassador seen the Emperor, the discussion heldwith the Commissioners upon the ceremony requiredat the Chinese Court, so as to show the views wnlchit now enlertains. Many notices of incidental inter- injunction order restrained the defendant from t^oi- est respecting the people and country have beenomitted, but the circumstances of the visit were pe- culiar, snd the opportunities scanty for inquiring into what had not been already more satisfactorily Uives- tigated by previous visitors to Peking.cour- all theWny does Slavery not exist at the North ? Becauseef the density of the white laboring population, aad antecedents of its visit might, in the minds of some of the estate ; that the defeiiddni cime into po"s«sstoHthat the country and climate are better suited to Bsans^aclurlDg th^n agTicuUural purposes, aad past eiperieiice has shown that <lirican Slavery does not, ana will net thrive in manufacturing countries.in 1821, under prnceerlings la parti»ioii sun* a 'ifr-d o release execrited to hrr "r.y one vvin'reri .Mrnt aii,t G. H. Stiyker ; that oy tht- will of J >hn Hooocr, dated i.ipersons, Lave justified the Ctilaese Government ingrant'i.g it no more than a mere entry to its ciipitalor siiCCified purposes In a manner previously stipu-lated. .\ficr stiinlng on his nJsnion, the Minister Ibli, said Wlnfied Motl. G. H. Stryker anl lire .le- committed himself entirely to the authorities, andthey treated him in a manner to prove that some de- gree of confidence may be placed In triem, and that thfV drsigred to carry out that part of the tronty of Tientsin wtilch related to tue visit to their capital.fenduiit. rrrajidcbli-lren of the testator, tiiok a devise in fee ; that the executors ndmeo In the wiil In, I ooly a naked trust to lease the pr-otierty and pay ov-r theNow estabH^h a direct trade with Europe, cut offall commerelal Intercourse wi h the North, and dis-Hilva the Union, which seems to be the scheme of theI>is«niomsta. VVe will have, I suppose, a SouthernC<-nfederacy—we mast manufacture our own goods jectionablc points in t'hineae policy will be main- ceedirg, it was not a proptr cafe for siit:n an mjiinr^-While I am ready to concede that in:iny of the oo-;tiustres haa ne^lecrel to exe.-uie ariy of the trus'Srespond ; but tofoTCt the Covtrnmcnt to act against its supposed t€st ijitt n sts\nU eurtly prodiscr reaction. The treaties of Tientsin were all distasteful bi national pride, and jeoparded, in the opinion of many loyal subjects, the vital in^ereais of the Empire. iJut with a better nnderstsnding the fears of all classes might reasonably be expected to subside, and even give place to cooperation.wi*s T:ecetsar> :o apply Ihe rent in rlischarqe of tnein. It was also Ft lied t.riat the presert tritsiee was aii-At present Christendom stands before paganism, inthis its last stronghold, in a douotful position. Igno-rance adds untola' power to fear, in the efforts the lat-ter is making to resist the advancing dde, and we This action ba*: heen some tune r'^'n'linr, and was inshould be careful not to strengthen toe worse side.The interests of humanity are not always strongencugh to bear up against these of umhition, conr-inerce or conquest ; but in this part of the world, at lor a pos'jione iient on accouni of the piaintilTs ab-least, the arguments In favor of a p.acefu: progress ofall the best interests of both oaiives and foreiiraers co-incide. . What seems to tie most wanting j u.-tt now is ala the South. Then is it not reasonable to suppose, bettei acquaintance with each other's intiiives, plans The Iteferee arcordlnaly adjourned the cause to Feo, whan tha Union is diaaelved—and Virginia be mao'e and cent Ition, especially among the Influential class- I, ISmi. At that date the plaintiff's counsel made aa Kaaafaatuilng State, that tha while laboring popu- lation will flock to her tH>rder8, seekmg a mainte- Banee, as they have done lo other aiauufiuturlng Htates o( the lliiion. Thus the price o( Uber in the Old UomliiioQ will be reduced, and the masters forced. In self defence to sell tne slave, and employ free labor, for men sometjiiteH consult tfieirowvn in- terest. Ii we wifh to .^l.>^ the aesrfS:,;"'.s of Uie Korth tipon our property aad our Instlin ions, let us astabilsn a direct tride with Kur'ipe, out o'f al. com lercial lntercouT»e with itie Nortli, anU inanuta'unre oor own goods. These are all ligut and pruper. ilui Itfmre we ra.'ic about a duaolutivn of the Vnuin, Itt u« al0p end eovmx tkt ««at. I confess, I can cun- aoive of aothlng half so disastrous to the prosperitf aad paaea of the Seuth, as a dissolution of th:6 UaioB. Oar sooatry, with all its ballewed meraorloK, Its beloved lastltuiiuns aad its loog-cherisaed freo- dota, weuld no lo&ger be aa asylum for the op- piossed of huaaaity, the palladium of Amerleaa liberty would ba forever crushed, and our Sag, oace the pride ef the American citizen, and the guardianof rellgiatu freedom, would droop and fall, aad bo-of scrm anu eeridioo. Break upes of the Empire, who, if they coiili believe that their own authority was not endaogered, would probably be less indisposed to resist changes.l^AW REPORTS.The Norwnlk Bank Case>motion for a further postponemi-nt on the same croiinds as before, plaintiff not baring yet retuined frem Eurojie.This motion was opposed on the ground thai de- fenr^ant was an equally necessary witness la his own behalf. iiB-1 whs oo the eve of departure for Euroiie. his passage being eneagr-d for Alarobl, and on the groui-d that all reasonable time had tieen granted toIKVKSTlOATION IN THB CSITEI) SliTBS CO'-IVIS- the plalnMff :*lrcady. The Ueleree so held, uiid de-—STATE- MK.NT i/K PO.-T-or.-nE urrtcnvK iiol::riii>k.identity in this case was most doubtrul, inasru ii;h us Iter, ,, ,. i.niil rf„- / ,.;, rno-T.nt.ti nt 1!;,. ii,.'rr-o,.the same witnesses, before another court, hid ijeim- Ill- .lelflirri,!,,', ,,>.l.,..i, ll-OJ ,1,.1M I'c.-.riin \),boll, Esq., rherfu:..'T) moved. ;,<,r.,r,- J,i.'i.-e tirntti icd aaolhc person, who had been exaaiiiied anJ held »,i »n. 'I'-ii.-LASD, tor an luiiiuoifttr- hes'i'ig ti.e rnmito bail. Tbe present Comiolssioner had nnjurisdic was granted; and the motion biding tlien rieir'd Jus- tlOB. There was no evidence of crlinloality in the tice SiTuiaLA>n held that when a cause has b^en re- facts that the defendant had offered to lend money, ferred to a Referee for trial, the Court will not Inter-KIOMR'd OKFICC, BEKDSB K. (J. '.VIIITKnied the ii'i tioii ftir a further p. rsirmntment.Tl,e plalnlill's C4>uiisel then drew and servcl a no-tfperialTermo( trieSo Tin- cxaTuiiiaUon of tin- N". rw.ilk U.iui-; r:i-.,- wt: pri n e t'oiirt liii winch the >.rt iviis [ rudlng) '--ir an concluried ye&ter'i.iy. The p .mts relio I ..-n tij- tii*- .frier rllrr^ciinc a (rf s*T',>rieui''nt of the t'l aI t-er >.-c tlir counsel for the defence were the foi!owuit; : Tttf. U,r,,t.,.^ ;^, rl proc fe<l >,iid i»er \ ti ,ni orrU-r- stu, Ine '"t te nil. .1.1 Irr-rn li; irti;!, r I'j." c >il-e to lii;il bet.)!,- ISeanment. Themotiontopostponewasthereforedenied nut without prejudice lo a renewal before the Ueleiee." Tradc-miiTk. The Cocolnc"Bennett el al. vs. Plttlunet al.— la May last the WHS not evidence that he had purloined the let'cr nlaiiriift m this t^te o'lUlr.ed an mreriomilrrry judi;- liuui the Post-office. One Commisslooer could no' ment, resirainine thr; defei'dau's from usir.g the wor'.' " coroii.e"' in Ihe ifftfiiirHrtore and sale of an artir'Ie firr Ihc hiir. The i>lalnliff> rluiio that ttiis uh; I'l Itithive been done to prevent his wife from leachlris it by an action forseparatemaintenance. IfJamesS.WiiiamshaI committed the forgery at Adams' Exoress Ofince, itBsnk unr'ero' her name)*;wh.c^imightcould not be held at the same time for trial on the same charge. There w as not prpof that t.ie acr.u-i.' 1 unlawfully tookthe letter In question, or any other.acts, and the presumptions of law in f.ivor .S'rr. The groat question KMr. Dwight, in summing uo, traced theInao-Posl-cfBce, ai'd Itsappea'snce at the Eipress-oflii-e,where the holder said " the bank would understandfir, that lefeud- tliey (the alfejaiion from 'three' to 'two months.'" 11*1This not tie time for the indnlir-nce of K(;,ie pride the rote ticen piclied up In the .«tret, the holder wouM liiercof as tesiiaiuid them Iroin tue use ol tlu: wurola pressing a favorite son. Thu ijnviriiincnt, ai have haH no knowledge of what the Bank knew. The " Cr>coine."ioriaed by otir Constitntlon, was one of conccsg'r.u two Williams's were not so dissimilar that the one The Court granted the motion, ordering that the unrl coniprr.mise ; yet conceding DoHiinp e-^'-ei.tMl. m'ght ni.t he taken for the oiher. The witnesses p:aint)frs en'i r I'o s ud judgment wiihin live davs, aii''nnr compromtsiog anything vital, lo the linerrifs or wercn.inakrn as to the identity of the former Wll- gianilTig defeirrl'*nts urierty so to do it the plarnriil-proutity of the people. The Democracy, hr^urrm in iiauis. out wfre conscientiously ctreful about the neglect of;its b>:elity to the Constitution, should now, more thiin priori, ir'eiitlili alien. The chang<? which was appi- to be incorporated ui the judgment rollever, try lo as&lsDilate to it In acdon. tei.t in ihi! rirrTUTstances of Williams after the al- Ihe dcferrl.mts.a the election of delegates to the Frankfort Coi- lseed II ill. e v»as coiiiinit'.ed, were alluded to at length John Sherwood for plalntiifsE. W.m favor olfor Je-vpi.noD, 1 thought It would be futiie tn pri^seiu the I'y Mr, Dwieht. lo conclusion. :ill the points of the»a»*8 of our able and distinguished citizens, Gtrra- ce'enie, with the exieiiilon that the tailing must fendantf. la sni UucKiNKtnei, to the Charleston Convention, sinoiint to the were-,DaJgeas I could tpe no of either any effer:- prospect gettingtl»e support out of their own StaU. Since I leftJ !>i.'.'f 'J"f ^"»' 'topping at Cincinnati, Plttsbargh ar.d rhlladelpl.iu, 1 1^^^. j,^^^ confirmed in this opln-ovtr uied Inrc-ny of persooal propf-rty,by Commissioner White, who held the ac-cused for trial, fixing his baU at 5,000._Legal Notice.SCPBEMI Court—Spkcial Term. Notes Isfi'efor the March Special Term (IncKAnM, J.)mu"tThehavln« btrn clied upon by Judge M»v!<ABn. counsel for WIU.IAM8, for some official statement as to the Innocence of l.i^ cli. a Offit^lal:grorlte SS:^*fcrP«.*d''e°nu°"'""ll."«J58«i!T ^S^'.^ "^f'"' '>^'>'» splendid city, BOW the paBtical centre of ti c nntlon, I have seenthis city,charged !-ClKniOK CODRI—SPECIAL IKRU. sattsfied that if DOBOUS receives the nomlUlon he with having fraudulenily oi,iaiiied, from the New- BoEtvoRtn, J.—IIulicn vs. Sackett—d'c set-leadtBgmeaIrimivariousportsofin,countrv.andIam the atrestofH»«TWuuAMo,ufforpublicaUon. ItIsasfollowsBo«t>'EY, i.—Buwen vs. Boircn.—Report con- SM: Under date of the i;ti, „„., | 'reported to yju firmed, and jn-lgment ordered..,.>.>,<., Ntw-Yoax, Feb. 21,1860.wUloany NewJeraayand ConneoUcut. wiUstroiiK York Post office, a leller eonlalni,,. a promissory ted.probability of raceisa* in New.\ork and Ouio. Tnese note for the sum of three thousand djllars, and con- Kiitamburgk vs. Aferiean.—This being an ac'loa on with the NorthwaateiB and Pacific States and his verting the same into cash by meaus of another fraud contract, ana no orrler to arrest anrl hold ihe SootheTM vote, wffl elect him- ^ _ on Adams' Express Company, and the Nor walk Bank, defendant to bail bavtng been mride beforeDocouawUlhave•Mo«thalf of the delegates to at Norwalk.Conn. jodgnient. It was Irregular snd unauthorized toCharlvsten a»aliiat aB ottora, reeeivlag on the 4rst Although, as you will observe by reference to that isi-sue an exerutlon beainst his person. Theballot the rotps of all the-WiaBiei'n.' States, wt-h ilie- report, the pemilhir and steguhr eirtmmritances of V'e only ca^es tn wnlch «ri«ih an exetiuUon ean exceplior, perhaps, of Pennsylvania, California %nd c^se clearly justified thearrest.lt now (>.^oome8 my issued under section 22ti of the '".o'e, are a 1100*dutytoex.iressentire iimo-which, p'T se, give the right tdiMWveTcBihepartof th«a*a«aa«niadmfhe' laaaiidcation orpersoB aad hasdwrtttDg of Mr. Wuaiabs. tb prticipal dreuBalancea tmoo arhtch thebyagreementbetweentnepviies.ing from the Post-office the let'er referred to and em- davli,of onr Btata and nation far a period ol more than two bezzling the contents, has already been r,*ported. is denied, with #7 costs to ih, defendant, to abwe the'pany vs. Cornelius VandsrbiUy Alexander Dtnuton et<<.—Thisis a branch of the noted litigation growing 001hela«BlD(*f sporioiuitockby Schuyler,47.C(KI Klstoori S, ea.. SO d>.. SO do..bin .K)Uofobtained by the plaintiffs hereto, by means of suchStale7s ..I»HSCOK.Y.CentralR...; ofthefirmofR.&G.L.stock. The action was ei'joinedIssues ofpetition In which he wa« placed, brooght by the defendants herein in tne Superior 3,»(Xiartjk. C.W.I..,.i(>K>4 K» do.,OMtataooing, represented by genuine certificates held by their owaera, Schuyler fraDdnlently issued sporiotia certificates of stock, and frandnlently reissued genuine certificates that b.idl«0 do., l.fifOTer.H.fc A 2d m. S2X 100 do.t<« thst such issues were oia'le in favorRf wisteb lOORr^sdii^Schuyler,pcf»-onslU Wii Merclisi.c'-, bai,k IrftH-»ich.A ". I.2.210 shares,is ignorant of the particular circumstaaces uponand prays a statecent of the sameant, vacderbllt. has commenced an action in the Su- perior Court, claiming to recover 232.0(X) for refusal to allow the transfer of said shares on the books of the Company as genuine stock.Mr. Tanderbilt, by his anawer, responded to these allegations, that these 2,210 shares of stock held and claimed by him form part of the genuine 30,(10(1 shares of stock issued hy the Company; that for 95U shirrs he boldi ihe certificate of the Company, in the usual amtlOl dotM rjri. « Kock6('leveC0I.&business, it could be made out that these shares ;were all acquired by tke dsfendant for full value lo the regular course of business, and he denies that any of the stock claimed him was or ille-gallyIssued anddenies ;byfrauiulently alleeatiouofthecom-everyplaint, touching the alleged fraudulent and Illegalacts of Schuyler, In respect of the stock claimed by defendant.This was an appeal to the General Term from thatThe Encate. HopperJamet B.Wilson, Trustee, tfc-.vs. Ann Stryher —This was an appeal from an orJer made ny Jiistice biosABAH, dcnyii'g a motion marie by the defeudant to vacate an injunction order sraated ea parte. Theand lint as these created In the will, until the present timr? aril p'o- tlin oroer. the effect of whi-jh WdS lo Je. rive tLe de-rents to the said grundt-hl'dienfendant of her prttriaiouy,.On the otl pr side, counsel for th«* tru,-*ter rint-nr*-Hccemi^er, 1 t-5S, referred to lion. Win. Ken'-. Re'erre. When thecau.-e came before him an aoohcatlon was ma"e by the plaintiff's roundel. John T. D,ryle. lOs^.,sence in Europe ; the plaintiff, being, it was alleged, a necessary witness on his own behalf, and having certain papers essential to his case in his keeping.tier; of iiintion lor tin; Marcnant>) might api-ei*i to the General Term, from so inucirno. rrer.aUoajlowiog the feesthe Referee, f't-.l'»or those la which the right In arrest and hoM fo nail>b*ll,;aggregatethe plaintiffwhich he received tke certificates representing thcia. IMHela. L. fcw. R. ... IB airO dothat the defend-..1u5liru dolow. J. Central B....1C)Sin this acuoo, after It—of;Untitled DocumentticItmonetj^ry affairs.Snlea at the Mtueh fe^xeamuffe—Pas. 2t.3.ili0 U. S &B, '65 Hi!20.coai MOijtot2,rrf0a.OloCal.4 SOO Tenn. 6s, '9u..,.doKbl« 11. COO do sso tsilI.WirC.MA.Q6.e,l0 1r,l Iji ftW Ijlui tli'-i lOOMicb.b6«4.lS««)54 :CK)Penn Ou&l CoSKcesn DOAKo.Rcutral R... 37)4/ aorl should he have a majority of the (;on-VBntloa, the .Sooth ought not to heeitate to m ike itunanimous,asthetwo-thirdsrulewasadoptedmaiu- againsthim,andtoaddmysincereregretthatitwas hasbeendetenuncdbeforejodgmeat,intheminnerOregon;mv full satisfaction of thecen'-e of HisBT WiLUAHS, of the charge preferrHdar'e.,.t and boliiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 