 ...twicevotedforMr. poipeseMAvifAU, because he regarded curred. The act of April 6, 1859, wmch prohibitsrsxar- — VOL. Bt—JIO. 258«STteWITH A SUPPLEMENT.|feto-l0tkNEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY JANUARY 4, 1880.Ete^^ aePRICE TWO CENTS. GOVEBNOR'S MESSAGE.CONaRESS. not express his views because he might injure the question waa conceded to be virtually settled, and and had never yieldedits principles to the demmd* of underrated the stnagtk of tbe party , in theDemocratic Party ? He would see the Democratic the Republican Party must now be actuated either by popular pr^udice, but that it tiad always eonfided la North.Party destroyed before he would consent to with- sympathy for the slave, or hatred for the slaveholder ; the sol>er second thought o! the people. ObjeetioBs ballot box against sectionalfsm fltan the South, andhold, the honest expression of his sentiments. Bad he contended that it conM not be the former to the Conference bill sprang up aa fast aa they oould more at th* catridge box too, if fliat Aould be neces- To tie Seiuae and Attemblyib. Ikg, tf lev-Tork^, deftadi Raitlieni He said that without further legislation there would motive which Impelled tlicm. M they succeeded in h« devised, some of them of tke most ahaurd sary to defend tkeir CoBstltutional rlgbta. But tbe It is especially inctimbeDt npon aQ who are GMmTMim ii tke 8eiate. never be another Slave Territory, and consequently emandpatlng the slaves, it would only be to inaugu- nature. For instance—a B*t>ubllean paper al- North woaid not furnish a (Corporal's guard to go engaged in public afihirs tono more Slave State*. Free Territories were presa- rate a war of races, which could only result in the leged that the bill gave tke right of suffirage with tke South out of the Union on account of tha acknowledge their de-ing for admission into the Union, and it would not b«Br«w>, cf HlMiMippi, demands long, unless Slave States were admitted, before the Free States would have two-thirds, sufficient to TWiiloiial SUtc Code. change the Constitution. That done, the purpose avowed by the Senator from New- York, to crush out Slavery under ConatllatioDal forms, could be accom- ii Oe Bmm, Kr. Bojce attacks tb« ptopoUleaM plished. What vrould become of the Dred Scott deci- sion when the Supreme Orart is la the haada of tha AsU- Slavery Party? He cloied by avowing him- self a Union man, and said he wished to mul- tiply the Slave States in order to preserve tba Uaioniextermination of the African race. To give tbem to all the negroes in Kanaa*, aad the aaaertion had election of an objectionable man to the PrestdoBcy, pendence npon the Author of All (}ood, and to lU>erty would l>e to give them death. The toive never vet been contradicted. Another objection wa* The Democracy of tbe North did not believe that tbs nrpplicate His favor and blessing. Let ns, there*of the Republican Press of the North t>e- urged against the Preamble, although the language South bad good cause to Isave the Union, and they fore. In pTt>ceediDS to the discharge of thetrayed the meet virulent hatred of the South. was the same as in the Crittenden-Montgomery bill trusted she never wooM have. Ufhly What meant the Helper Book and the sjrmpathy for and others again objected because ttie bill wa* Mr. HiCTBiw remarked that Mr. HAsna was ab- re^Kmaible tnista which have been committed to Jobs Baows at the North, but hatred? The Northern differently construed by Northern and Southern mea ssatkaving paired off wltb Mr. Wusarof TmataT us, invoke His divine aid, tiiat Be will crown withaai Mr. Eo(^ defends his lauu CmpiMiite Bffl.could ini la instirrection and murder only theme*forail. These men reminded him of tlis wolf in the fa-fact m his spsslh.uttfIfMial DiqcHk to th* VvwTorii TimMcome within three votes ot in honor of adjoomlngwhich our father* had made a slaveholding one.Mr. DooiniLi. of ^viaconsln, (Rep.,) referred to the Bnutor GlBm was to hrm M^ied to^ay great chauge whichJrSd come over the Prealdant's mind in the last ten years. Then he ttelieved Is the Wlti. Pv«a>iiiiMoti,lnt waa to nnwaa to Ismreliia power of Congress over the Territories, now he saysthe miscreant Baowa, and thl* deliberate Insult to theConfonning my action to a requirement of ourMB eaaeladw. . holders to carry Slavery into the Territories, and tljat •Twal Sesaton tare addrened a not* to ned- neither Congress nor the Territorial Legislatura noranxious to make the charge early, and repeat 1BMMbi. aad IM kad wttb their thv v«Mscripat ad«Bt Bycpuua, pioiaitimg agaljut Bomaa'i electlcii aa Senate Plister, and «a(geatlog tke iropriety of MgWajiHrrirlr* The Prealdent rapUed ihat hemen of the South had experienced an equally great change—a revolution which had been forced by what they deemed their interests. The Senator from Geor-be blind not to see that her course of honor onlyand safety^ lay outside of the Union, and she would be infatuated not to take that course. He would con- clude by replying to the implied threat of the gentle' man from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Hjcbmah,) that millions of men would t>e sent by the North to subdue the South, and coetc* her into sulMnlsslon.* Be would not disparage the cotuage of those millloa*.would con«titute a dangeron* enemy to the Southsion only tmder the temia of the Lecompton ortiin- House. He asked for speedy and was is the action,anee. granting her upwards of twenty-three and a willisg to vote for any man outside of the Re-fund and debt,$33,313,318 85 «,5(»5,«1S1' 26,807,04 48ulalwil Bei>at<»a to eaunlt theirof anThe debt r efei ied to ta articlemaid htMllrely agraeahle to him.Ho nomiaattoBS mr* aent to the Senate, to-day, a«vaa antieipated, lad the Senate adjooined for wantAntl-Lecomptonites, Amelrcans,and^^It la not tnta that tke French miulon haa been ten- Mr. Doeunu said the first time the doctrine was<f wwat«adtoliTsFavi.xina,of Tiiginla, thoa«b it poaiMy advanced that the Constitution protected Slavery inthtng to 4o*to other new States.but he would remind the North that war i* [There was at this point considerable talking in the the hepe that such a would.tivea.portionthat had beengivenMr.Stsnas, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) expressed1844, in pur-, •uance of the amendment to article seven, section three of the Constttu-Bay be. It i* eonddered Important that the newmilafershonldreachParisj)rlortothemeetingoftheBaiopean Goniraa. The apeechea of Heasra. BoTca it was defeated. aMitoauHaremachicoDtpUmentedtiytheirfriends, Mr.DoouTTUresumed,feottkeae ipeeehea do no other good than to kill time men now defended Slavery, On the general grotmdone cent for tribute." Even and Kings(Laughter.) Clerk called the House to order and Mr. EasusB con.livinghole. [Lwighter.] In order,3.aad ialame the public mind. It ii poaalble a ballot Mkj be bad to-worTow,a]id Uw, an election wtu takeBe aominatlon <<» Treainrer, or for Judge of theCoart of daiau haa been agreed on. An eminent Slavery on the ground of negro Slavery only, but tookwhich the Republicans voted in 18SC, proposed to givecreate an imptasaion tliat the Conference bill would South, united a* a band of brothers, and not only dollars has been, or will be, ^plied to the•Ulaneflliaaonrimaygetthelatter. ' Q.the broader ground that the natural position of a la- borer is that of a slave.ton Dem.) said he had never made any threat charge was wholly imtrue. No Democrat dreamedMr. Washicrit, of Maine, (Rep.,) moved that the»«mof subjugating the South. Be was referring to of Kansas more or less of land for givingilfniTia loa oa aiaoeiiTan raau.] Wmniafoa, Monday, Jan. 2.adoptingSpeaker.The mostspeedytni paid their reapects to the President, and then the doera were ftrowB open to Ihepnblle.Tba Bamea of the abaenteea in tiie Hooae, to-day, wbohad not paired olT, were Messrs. AcaAM, Kax- Maa.TuunBiOHUi,SicxuaandPxasLami. Their akaeare waa aeeideatal, and the cauaea were satia-•beteilly ezplalaed.fbe Select Committee of the House of Reivesenta-tiiM at noilda, appointed in consequenea of the cir- coiar of tke New-York Chamber of Commerce, call- lag the attention of planters to the great inoreaae ofseniBg f ntfi.la Waw-York, and that steps be takento caaapel eoBBmiaaion merchants there to sell eachT/Ua^mi*cnpoottaownmerits,asthesurestremedy laborsufferedMississippi,Thean average of 6.18 per cent, for a 6 per cent, stock, and which amounts, in the to one hun-aanded oottcms, say tliey beliere tiiatChaasber a tiMtoagh ioTestlgatlon into the mode of the white laborers of the South as though they nevertills year are withont found^ion, and recommend to thepeo- ple of New-York have ever been prompt to meet Mr. FLoaxacz, of Peimsylvania, (Dem.) made an all just obligations, they will not be likely again tonot aaly fMT aanded cotton, but also for me piaatar at the expense of the other.SENATE.WAiBmaioH, Taesday, Jan. 3. Tl^re was a very sBm attendance in the Senate.Kr. BaaiDt, of Kaiaa, (Rep,,) asked leave )a witk- draw etrtalnpetltiona.Cartain pilTate bills were read and referred,'JtX' Umamt, of Aikaaaaa, (Dej^) natsented a me-this point, but Southern men had advanced the opin- The conservative people of the North would mate of the poptilation of Kansas at the time of the .and just sucha person as shonld be Intrusted with doubtless contributed much to induce the people to ions he had before referred to. biduiis party stay their fratricidal hand. He knew Lecompton Constttntloa, and claimed that the popu- the duties of that Chafr. He was then, and had been authorize the paymeat of those which existed. Mr. PuoB, of Ohio, called for the evidence. that the North received Its fanatical inspiration (ram lation was sufficient for a State. A candid examina- ince, aasured that Mr. MATSAan never became a The provisions of that Isw might, in my opinion, Mr. 'BovtrrrL* read an extract froia the Richmond old England, but would they have nothing to fear from tion of the whole subject would show that there wa* member of the American organization. He voted for properly be extended so as to affix a penalty toraelle KaUread. - Laid an. the table.Mr. Mill«aT,.of Florida, (Dem.,) introduced a bill. toragnlateandIncreaaethepayoftheNavy.Re- ferred. Also a bill to modify the pay of Pursers in the Navy. Referred.''HiLPia.Mr. Dooiimx said that he regarded liis conslruc-ion as correct. He did not object to Southern men changing their opinions, but did complain that they insisted on Northern men doing so also, under awere ready to pull down the pUlars of the Union, and bury themselves in its ruins, rather than submitand explicit to admit of mislBterpretation.Mr. Kaaoai, of Indiana, (Rep.,) desired to ask hiscolleague a question.Mr. EssusH declined to yield for any interruption.to-day.Mr. SrAsios wished to know whether ballotingwas to be postponed till every man was in his place. Mr. WiHSLow—Some Democrats are ah^t Theyshould l>e made fot that which accrued from that date to the 26th of December, the day named by the auditor for the payment of the priiicipaLThe whole amount of receipts from toils, rent ofcomplaintsCries from the Sepubllcas side of " Nobe to the South worse than death. It would be the same in voting for "the Crittenden-Montgomery bill. explanation, during which he defended himself from sanction the of debt not-t^'-• repudiation.The interest on the Canal Commissioners' diaftathreat of breaking] up the Uniop. He had no objec- Mr. K»o, :of New-York, (Rep.,) stated that the tion to arguments, but did not wish them accomplishedto the so-called "ted the introduction of the subject at this time, but denied that the rule requiring a sufficient population not know that some gentlemen had piuposely absent-there were only four men in Congress who did not hold to the power of Congress over the Territories.Mr. Toons, of Georgia, (Dem.,) corrected theeighteenTlisy ;seven, aectian onestatement HereferredonlytoNorthernRepresenta-ally,are devoted2. The debt contracted Inthe Territories was by CAi.Hon«, in 1847.Mr. Toons* replied that the first attempt to prohibit:Slavery in Uie Territories since 1820 was in 1840, andgun in a war between the North and South would set Kansas the same amount of land, and yet the very havivg the largest ntunber of vote* be declaredlions of Southern Slaves a occupiedhigher rpodtionto the Conference bill, were in One condition of gard "fromaggregate,the globe.Mr. DoouTTLi reiterated that—on preventing It ; and if a war was the consequence, property in his own possession. A leading Republi-does the gentleman desire to prevent it?thirty-fonr dollars and fifty cents, will be sufficient,|theSoutharenotlaborers. Thesaw one, but he now saw a free laborer of the Southorunited in their own defence. To submit to it would the Repulilicans aould not complain, for tkey did theNo"tiefore him. The of the South peopleof a payment any authorized newspaper correspondent that by the Constitution and the laws, no matter for .contendiagthat Southernstaring Repudiationmen thatbilldenouncedtkeCk>nference whosupportedbill as a land bribe. The Topeka Constitution, forSpeakerofthl*Mr. AvxsT, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) in speaklBggentlemen spoke oftheycome;butrightwrong,!sustain the Sen-litical capital. dtscrimiaatlonprospectsuccess.everthe oldest State* in tke North—Massachusetts—hadjustify Mr. Hiczhab, ofunless she accepted the Lecompton Constitution. ThePennsylvania, (Anti-Lecomp- bUl did not say so, nor did any of its friends, and the of the South, and all sections.Canal Commissioners' certificates issu- ed nrlor to Sept 30, 1849Awards made by Canal Appraisers prior to Jan. I, 18*9, for which drafts and$2,041,831 20 170,788 ttHouse proceed to vote forMr. Cut, of Alabama, (Dem.,) said that such a the Southern threats of dissolving the Union, and either a free or slave Coastltution. If Kansas had way to secure an organization is to keep silence..atatement was wholly unfounded, and should not hehad said that no division ofcould be effectedcertificates hadnot been given on Sept.territoryThe PiMSdenfa honae, to-day, aa heretofore on the made without sufficient evidence. When the Senator tipon any conceivable line, and that such a division have t>een an end of the matter, and if she rejected it making. IfgenUemen would rot speak they could Balance of fifteen per cent retained aft-•paniaf of (hC'ncw year, waa the leene of agreeable produced the evidence, he (Cut) wanted notmerelywould be resisted by eighteen millions of people in it would be an open question hereafter. The alleged vote by yeas and nays on every question nowpend-M ..$2,Mt,3M io•isUaaMBt. The foreign minlaten, jndges of theh% ffiHiiir CourtandoOcaraoftkeArmyandNary, Mr.Baovx,of saidthethe North. He did iu>t understand that that could l>eland brii>e was altogether a myth. Every man knewing during a single session.311,004a garbled extract, but the whole article.fairly construed into a threat to sukjugate the South-Mr. Wnigiow, of Norththat the Kansas-Nebraska bill had guaranteed to Kan-Wisconsin mistook the position of the South. They He meant simply to say that if, at any time, the sas as much land as liad been given to any new State' that those on the Democratic side chose to be gov-Senator from believed that Slavery elevated the negro. Four mil-Carolina, (Dem.,) replied erned by their own opinions.Southern States shonld attempt to dissolve the Union for any causes now existing—be had not spoken ofand some of those who cried tiribery loudest in re-premacy;they would be permitted to exist only, as abetweensectioaa.Thepopnlati(mpaying an unauthorized debt, or seemingly incurring thetheyto(Dem.,) next addressed the House, replying to some remarks of Mr. Haskikdegradation.Mr. ofEsousB, Indiana,waters and interest on current caiial reve- ofthe bill fixing the amount of population. Nobody Mr. StASTOH inquired whether Mr. Wctslow did nue* during the year ending Sept. 30, 1859, wasin relationEnglishbill." Heregret-one millionhundred andlesolntioni adopted at the Union meeting at Roches- by threats. Hfe then reviewed the Dred Scott de- since it had been introduced, he desired to say some- for one Representative was correct The only trouble ed themselves, knowing tbat an organization could eight hundred and seventy-nine doUajs and aixty-Mr. Kcra desired to say a few words on these reso-thsi Mr. CiiHocir, as a member of Mr. power.country is now iurolved. He referred to thehundred and dolfius and seventy-eightthat the people cf New-York never vravered in theirtttacJuBent to Republicaa institutions and our pres- */oiai of (Sovemment. All-parties there enter- ^adtke aentiment that the TJnloBmust and shall be aasi led.Mo!niox"8statement. Mr. Cai- Senate, expressly deniedin coimection with theLecompton Constitution,He denied that the. Conferaitce bill was votedwith that objectMr. WiHBMW would like the gentleman to mention^ightBecelpts from tolls :nine-$1,S92.6M) 6S 09,348 STappeared<ia stnagtk of that sentlmeDt, and the resolutions claimer was made twenty-five years later. The opin-voting up.Lecompton controversy, and left nothing for the De- mocracy to divide upon. The bill was a completeand Seneca Canal.That sentiment could not be turned to -j^ acceont The Union meetings held had provedingfi^cp frtmirm* Democrats of the North. ta» laauialioiia were laid on thej^le.doctrine. If gentlemen on the other sidewhich aa the snbstitnte thefromtheKansasiniprienro ofRepublicans would furnish pafrs for the other ab-SeaecaKiver Cayuga InletTowing-path.2,044 173 •1,812,280»cision, denying its binding force, and went into a his- tory of the legislation of the country to show thatwa* when and where to begin te apply the rule. It had been thought the best time to apply it was immediately after disposing of the two application* then pending—Oregon and Kanaas—and that hadbe effected. .•Mr. WiiiBioir—I am assured to the Contrary.three cents, against two million seventy-two tiwu-tar, Mew-York, had been forwarded to the United States Senators from that Stat*, and he would request that ikey be read.Tba Secretary read them accordingly.to dispose of the application then pending, and to tion from your own side.IstioBsl, He, in presenting them, was gratified to say cabinet had given an opinion recognizing such angty controversy which had arisen in Con- dispose of the conflict between the Senate and House- Mr. SiAHTOK-We think there are persons absent ty-one cents the previous year.from that ofthe present had recognized and exercises the powerof Congress over the Territories. He also assertedMr. SiAHtoH—Is not such a by their absence !furnishedevery Administration,WAsmsoTcv topresumptionMr. Cmsin;! eorrected thedown by the people of Kansas;Erie CanalCbuaplaln CanaL ^OsWego Canal88 103,864 79HOCK had, on the floor of the giving such an oninlon.thefr names.On motion of Mr. Siaktok there was then a call of-...i...(l,M«406 i..Mr. DoouiTLX said It soAdamb' diary, made at the time. Mr. Caibock'* dis-In either event the House. legitimate business of the country. The Senate Senator DotoiAS had ssld truly, it put aa end to the joiUBBientM••adopted speakrtllrl lk» attention of the Democratic Senators, whobad cxpreaaed disunion sentiments, to the fact thatIbasi aapi osBtons of attachment to the Union came They did not believe the Con»titution gave unlimited receive the sanction of the House ofCayuga17,441 10,8(8 ttforthewhole oftheState. He peopleion of the Republican Senators was not to be changedKansas into the Union underalthoughMotion negatived, by 92 against 105.Crooked Lake Canal Cbenaago CanalBlack rarer Oamal Genesee Yaller CanaL71i OS 17,801 12by threats of distmion. Such were argtunentsMr. KiLooxx, of Indiana, (Rep.,) said that Mr. AbbahandMr.Rstiold*,whowereabsentbadper-9,MS 28,183 09addressedtotheirnot their want of itsuccess. Ithadremoveda And dangerotis7m 41 atotbuttocharter to Slavery, and were pledged to resist such aLakeCuud. questiOB from Congress, and bad restored peace and sisteBtly voted against the Democrats. If the Demo- Baldalnsvllle Canalmanhood,Oneidathe substi. order to that distracted Tanitoiy. He quoted crats would fumiah pairs for these gentlemen tlie Oneida River ImprovementInJoaa (}dixotdown as much as fordesigned to carry out their aggreas-tnteThisknowncorresp New-York,*'liPress had sneered at the alarm of Virginia, and while he (Mr. EaautB) had refused to construe it at sse, tiU Friday. He vriabed Mr. Easusa to note (Um success all the efforts thst shall be nude infor He believed that the poor jokes.department of theintellectual and religious improTeraent of flie pe<^e.ble, who was resolved on quarreling with tke lamb,for the »»"*«r'*tMr. Joan Baowa was now well-nigh univeraal. One of whether he had muddied the brook or not These offeo*lve*sympathyEaeusa repUed be bdlared he had said notUng(Jovemment,jdifferences of extreme men only served to, confirm Mr. Aniiaea, of M!s*ourl, (Dem.,) preaeated tbehis belief tiiat the Conference bill was conserva- memorial of the mail contracttHi, sayiB(^that tbetive, national and just The only objections that Government owes them two millions for service, aadSouth wa* to him one of the saddest features of these really survived the slorm, were that tile bill urging the adoption of such measures a* would enable written ConstitutkiB, I now proceed to eoaii«oni.WuBMNs, Tanday, Jan. 3.ra«B.Hewillqwakte-nmrow,aftorMnatorHm-theSupremeCourthasesUblishedtherightofslave- iiia,thattheprevailingsentimentofMassachusettsunderRepublicantongues,andtheyseemedmoreBSBbadreceivednoinaifsallopforthalasttwdredemonstratlons.of sympathy and sorrow. They had the contained a tlireat and a bribe. The cry of them to meet their llatailitiea and eontinne to carry cate to the Legislature tiia condition of tha Stat*tMtimony of the ablest man In the State, Calib Ccbh- "land brll>e^" was rolled as a sweet morsel tke mails. Mr. AasaaaOB osdeistood these gentle- and to recommend thaaileptioDofsnehTOTsiiriis Republican Party, dominant in Massachusetts, obtain often, than to sliow tlutt it had any foundation what- great discount aad rnteaassales. It is evident there The funded, debt of the SUte nowwas that of fiendish hate for the South. Should theany human power could impair that decisioo. The control of the Federal Government, the South would ever. The fact was that Kansas applied for admis- could be no rslief till the amouBts toom wUmb, and H gia had said in his speech at Augusta, that in ISMto election:half millions of acre* of land. She asked for adaals- sion upon no other tersas, and these terms being un- satisfactory to Congress, it remained only for that )>ody to say so, and propose other terms. According- ly the Conference bill proposed to give Kansas only alwut four millions of acres, wlilch was the same pro.publican Party forwhom there was aHe proposed that a meeting be held hereta-nightof Democrats', toTlie canal debt, paying interest, is as followsresemble the " hall, and Mr. Esolibb inquired if it would not l>e in happy family—the owl, rattlesnake, and prairie wolf,an expensive luxury. The motto of the South meetingwould he millions for defence, but not Older for the Clerk to read the riot act Tlie all in the same. tionEmper- orscouldrarelyaffordtheluxuryofawar. Thefirsthe said, to show that we are in I move earnestwesince 1849, to meet " casualin pursuance of article seven, section ten ofthe Constitutionthe bulls and bear* of Wall-street4. The new loan, contracted Inance of the vote of the people at the election in November last to pay the floating debtThis losn of two millions five hundredMlJXi 49other in alarm, and the wordCongress.against the Republicans, urged the adoption of Mr.at each would The Union was worth to thepursu-soon be heardMr. CauKTT, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) denied North not less than one hundred million* per sninun, the same quantity. The Rspubllcane had sought to CLAax'i reaolution a* He wanted athat capital should own its labor, not hire it.the correetnesB of the statement The Sontb heldagain.to say notliinK of the of on the war proper.that the true position of awaa that of aexpense carryingbetween the two sections. He did not believe it would ha possible for the North ever to subjugate the South.Kanaa* from land whatever receiving anyunitedamong themselves, but with the patriotic band mentnegroRMr. DooLimi said that Southern men did notslave.prevent:tinued.] The Crittenden bill proposed to give to proceed to ballot vivm voce, and the persondeficits,"accepted the propoiition made to her there would Nothing prevented an organization more than speecb.Mr. WASBBmui-Do you think abetiaencemorally,sociallyandphysically,thananylaborerson whatmightarisehereafter theNorthwasresolved onewhocries, StoptUef,"whenhehasthestolen neech-makingwouldfacilitateanorganization,or dredandtwenty-ninethousandsevenhundredsodMr. Wwsiow did not tliink the rest upon the South, the' Conference bill, and wait till the Republican atnentthe North t>elng determined to maintain the Union, canthat capital must own labor, and referred to Mr. Hui- and the South to destroy it, the responsibUity would twenty millions additional acres if she would reject would organize tbe Hotise. Five Democrats are nowosD's " mud sill " speech.Mr. Chisntt said every white man In South Caro-Mr. WABBBiaH-Who Is responsible for that ?indebtedness over the two million five hundred thousand dollata, and thus to extinguish the indebted-authorized is such as to show that wtiile the i'lina stood on an equal It was a f<»tlng.view which liad been attributed to thatHe referred to Etiropeaa history to show that no con- siderable.natlon could be enslaved when werewas alieved it was right to give Kansas an opportunity toMr. Wmsiow would agree to a vote if thecans would pair off with the Democratic absentees.ness of the State.grave mis- conception to suppose that respectable white men atgentleman.of He be- rank dema^ogueism.Republi-Southern men heldorgan had,insulntance, promisedgentleman's planif so to the exceas of applied, payKansas theMr. Boici thought that was, substantially, the same Party had confrol of Congisss. This whole cry ofbriberypiecein at that time whetherthe false thewhitelaborer.Ifanything,themanwhodidnotpine—wartotheknife.Buthedidfioiappre.Partyvotedforthainuaedlateadmissionof hehadvotedforaKnow-NothingforSpeaker.Hewhat or'underwhatcircumstancesin-Examiner, and quoted Duow's and other Southern journals.old England, if they should ever be Isolated from the South t They would never l>e permitted to stand in the way of England's marltlma and fcommercial su-really no valid objectioa to the Conference bilt Ob- jectioss were raised onV for the sake of making po-him beeauae Mr. Matbaxs was an Old-Line Whig, aad w4tb the view of ojrgaaiaing Qie House, seeing thethe creation of such indebtedness in fotara. This would effectually carry out the cotustitntional nao- hibition, and the of the State from'did not despisedestructian of social institutions; war of castes, ra- More than thatasIcmg agoas16S7,theRepublicanchargeby'the contrast hend that eighteen million of Northern men Kansas under tlie revolutionary Topeka (Constitution.defrauding kr. DooLiiTLi knew that Southern men differed on were going to be precipitated upon the Soutlt He read from the Kansas Herald of Freedom an esti- him as a highly Intelligent, conservative gentleman, the creation of any similar obligations in future,Mr. CiAi said the extract did notator'* constructiOB, garbled asit was. Hewantedto see the whole article. He wa« sensitive on thl* British dependency. The South demanded only qtilred for admission a* a Slave Stat* wa* no more Mr. STASToa, of Ohio, (Rep.,) luggested a call of stain ofThere was in the Confersnec billno re.Democrats bad no Mr.WsasMWmovedtoof adjourn.speech made by him five years ago peace, concord and fraternity, but they were prepared and no less, than for adnisslon as a Free Stat*. Tbs the House te see who are pieMmtMr. Wdblow was sattsfied no vote could be takSB has been paid to the Ist of July, 1859. Provisionbecause a, "korlal af tke Leghdatnre of Arkansijk, asking for a had been garbled by a thief and renegade named for the worst, and if the worst came to the worst, language of the bill on that point was too emphaticpoint,It only remained for him to refer to the requfrementwill be here to-morrow. ,/.•surplusthing upon that somewhat celebrated and much abusedmeasure, in connection with the question of the ad"mlEi^ion of Kansas at present session, and also in re-ference to the position of the Northern Democracy inthe tin fortunate sectional contest in wtdch the been the aim of the Conference bill. Its -object was Mr. WisSLOW—Y'ou can get more spselfic informa- cents, against one miUion, seventy-eight tliooaand.gressat the beginning of the Thirty-fifth Congress. Thisexcitement had absorbed the attention of Senatorsand Representatives, and had found its way into er.ery department of the Government and into allclasses of society, even standing in the way of the the purpose of the bill was a<M;ompUshed, And, as Mr. BvxaiTT, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) moved an ad- Cbemimg Canala billthe LecomptoB Onstitution, but that bill,passed approved by resentatives,admittingatthe President hi* Cabinet failed to ai^dexcitingRepublican.finally pasaed Crittenden-MontgomeryRep-biltM 16388sentees on the Democratic side.Mr. CocKBAKX, of New-York, (Dem.,) said>'T to ftsmCMBBlttae on Private Land Claims, but as without referring to the epithet applied by the Sena- harmonious action alone could remove the dangerous fanaticism) could not disttrb, for th* resfrictivs proposition, I move that we adjourn. . . ,1Mr. killer aa tiia sabjeet of the Hottma»4an<i claim tonewspaperstorfiowthat-'«iulltor from to the Northern " SUtes."Mr. Msoaa, of Kentucky, (Aaerlean,) bad been d'e- were The psymentfIaccept-Ive policy, they would resist and billof Louisiana, (Dem.,>-]iKrvad to referSenate could not80 2,0810en tlw It Judiciary.tempt, peacefully they expected. He could not close had subordinate branches of the Govemment whose peace.M $Uteejme»>t8or,e»iotmaa of ttat Comadttec, he dedied toMr. Datu, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) asked that cer- wa* referred to a C^maiittae of free disagreementMr. Ceuiiiaa, of Termoat, (Rep ,) called attention tottatactikatMr.BiBJiJaswaaalsoonthat Com- Ittea.The satject waa laid over until to-morrew.priate Committees.163,808 l»S,at«7003,287 00 e,3SS93««.«<«"changeIts refer-To Coatracion for rn>air*. mittee reported the so-called "English bill," which Kansas with or without Slavery, until she had the order that absentee* might cmne in. f« repairs, *cS%^seize on the Government andfrom Kansasput down the at- Such wa* the issue formed between the two the passage of the Conference:From tent of surplus water*.belonged proper-of Umself and on that Virginia State* as servile and to the In the clause was only an Incidental and secondary portioncolleague subject -Id beea tapi^aed, and as B(r. Baajaaia was Chair-question give peace country. hopeliou*ofgoingborne,butaaltfaai Democrat would pair with him. ,:a ToSonstbitendeBt*forre-of securing this harmonisu* action, the subject of thepoUcysRepuhlieaa'juirBe asked whetber pain$4<$,9I1 92he would designate as the Conferenceto l>e that the cotUd be of'Mr. Hooii said they should /art have' lefl without aCleik-Ure, psy of Aa«ist-printing and miseellan*-a law after the organization, requiring a census to be drams,astraaf paiaoBaliagaidlbrtte Presidsnt, but if ha might stand on the brink of destruction, let every bill set up* no claim of perfection for that measure, taken of the Territory, and If the population were here last night with sucoesa. Tbf j^t 1* net ra-on*psymsnt*dM not, age and hia loDgpiibllc services would shield bim fron attack. Be had a right, however, in cooi- aoawlMievery cititen, to courteously express his vt«wa,'aadwoBlddoso. He called attention to Oiat portion of the Message where the President lafeh to- the. Dred Scott 4e<!lslon as settling Slavery sgitatloo,' but the Senator could not agreeman do his duty. but it had realized all that its friends did claim for it shown to be sulScient, he for one would i>e ready to markably (frong, and ^lii^ noudng froiA tbe char- After some further conversation, Mr. Datm post- It sprang from the necesslUes of the ca.'se, and wa^ vote for the admission. If an application were made acter of the treatment which Is prefatory up to"Sorplu* Ravenuss"aayoU;arbody, had power to destroy or override that gard to Slavery. The subject of Slavery In the Ter. herpeople.Scarcely had the echo of theseprotesta-the two races were placed on terms of social and po- Intlmatelyfamiliar wltb his many virtuesjand thorough- thousand two hundred and ninety-two dollars * litical equality, and no doubt the party would endeav- ly reconciled to ills plet>ean origin. At the proper year, and twenty thousand dollars for superintend-'.decision. The President had said that further,{itorieswas the specialty of the Republicanor to extend that equality to other States. If they moment she rushes into his arms, and the iiapptness and voted for the Camiasis-MoinaoiaaT bill, succeeded there would be a reaction which would of hero, heroine and author is complete.ence. it will be is a This, seen,very great decrease,strengthened to protect Slavery in Kansas?need be, in defence of the Constitution, by the side of the Conference bill, and could not fail to recog- thefr Southern brethren. They were on the eve of aof toil as they were in 1851, have givenMr. Bao«B thenoe Courts could not fumjah protecUonto Slaverywithout statutory laws. :naetment of such laws.;pro-"fraud," "swindle," "•iniquity,"now re-echoed, second-band, by the gentleman from they were defeated, their Southern allies would de.edited Herr Feahcis byanceatBrussels. Tbecal to be destined to combat French influence in Bel-•Tsaident• >«moCTat Md the1852. tonnageAt the 1.^51 nlesj^i;because he was a Prealdent Democrat, he musthe did notone of persistent hostility to Slavery. The territorial Party waa bred in storm and reared In tribulation, ef the Republic. The Deuiucrais of the Simm ing been occupied on it for nearly ten years.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the reduced rates ofwent into an argument to show thatin1851, except 185^andHe avowed his desire for the They might caU it a slave "^ if they pleased, but he ,no more asked for a -Uve code than others did foA horse code or a cow ••ode. While be had a tongue to speak he vrould de- ^d his rights under the Constitution and laws*. «* disavowed again any Intention to assaU theaBaadsb,ha* made itsappear-periodi- hundred aud thirty-eight thousand six hundredbut must he be told, thatprop,Party.tions diedawaybeforetheyabandoned theirposition,comparedwith the expenses of the fiveponed his motion until to-morrow. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Wasbmstok, Tuesday, Jan. S.supported in the hope of seeuitac^recanclilatlou and for admi^oo. VNitliout Uie retjuislte population, he the end of the second act and tkea abrupt to thaBy decreaanf the expense* of operaiiBf them, and by aoms advance bi the rate of tolla, Vie canala;black,the principle ratified byGain280,708it was never submit- ted to them. The proposition which the bill did sob- mit was voted down. And the bill provided for vot-,The Mortb coold siiiillSi awre men at theagree on the Doorkeeper.supportof nomineesfranSpeakertonue* ofthe to canals,surpla*tke amount of 91,700,000 aaaa- tIl,tU,00e MSpeaker probabilityin relatfonas I d**» expedient orgaaizatioa cf the OfwUebfrom the North who stand theunfalteringly by rights OfCanalCommlssionera' draftsIn or-The bill wa* a finality, wnich der to enable us to consider this generous and wise From InterestoB anrrent Canal revenues.. tfi,tI7Buthebelievedtbatthebe sustained, and he.'woold vote for it so long as he hadof the bill.tain portions of the Message be referred to appro- conference between the two branches, aiMl that Conb a seat here. He woul& sever vote for the admission of it wa* fafr to a*k him to vote for an adornment in To Caaal Coauniaaooeraalsowouldbill. It was not population requisite for one Representative. He Mr. Wxasiow knew that tba aheence of gentlemea, To CoIIecton for salaries,Mr. HASoa, of Virginia, (Dem., said that' one branchof tlie Government wa* la a state of paralysis, andthere wa* n* saying when the disease would be re-moved. Itwuonewhlcb, when it attacked the ex-tremities, wa* apt to extend to the vitals. He did not but wise and patriotic men would approve of a ThSre wasino doubt in lii* atiad tbat Kantas would After further coBTsrsatios, tbs Hou>e adjouraed. To Wetfkmaalen. ,-Aaraaeaaeata.to aoaUtka PreaHaat or bis Message, oalesa the re- ZMr. Davis had no fear of the Republic. He be sition. Some sacrifice in non-essentials wa* called to have a census taken.to show that the population Is Wallack^b Tbxatks.—A now thre&ict piece, tra Clsrk-htre of Statedisposed Thirty millionseasily quieted,circumatances,speMfnl eapi esatoB of bis dissent from some of its Uevedthattheparalysiswouldsoonberemoved,and forinordertoachievethe resultof that renewed health would greatex- of Colleetoi*' oS-Atvare pnaaatod.expected subjectin a way to give satisfaction to all.laigeanariMT ofpetltlonaof nogeneral interestof excited peoplewerenot to tbcsoMr. Baomr, of Miasisslppi, (Dem.,) desired to dls-tliink the Senate should undertake to do any buslaeaa forward under such meaiure broughtbe a Free State ulilmately, but he contended that theTor saUiT of Anditor and ClcTk-bbe in Caaal Ds- aartment salary and ex-elatai aajr bitaatloa, aa Impmted by the aewsptpers,under the existing state of things. of which they might not approve a* an original propo-Republican party bad neglected a i^aln duty in faillnisowsafficient HehopedCongresswouldpas* called"HusbandtoOrder,"aad)aken/i^theFrench EBgineer,"r*fnndiBgtolls,reatorlog atatameatabaaaaMendiBthatU^t. ^eeatartainad follow. Though we peace to the country. The friends of the Conference"IM Marimgt tnu PMipiri," was producadwould vote for admitting a Slave State just as soon a* for admitting a Free State, becaose he believed in the perfecttcquality of aU tke States in the Union.except one, wa* from mere acejf^ent pair.Whilst he claimed that the aaj^iorters of that thought it Blight command a majority of this House, conclusion. It is an old wtique story,—a man of can be rendeied much more productive.measure were actuated by patrlotiam, he would not but he bad no idea that it would pa*a the Senate or the people marrying Into a noble family, and Tbe cost of ntpettntendence and repairs for impugn the motive* of those who ooposed it Oppo- receive the Executive approbation. . They mlghtjiasa finding that he ha* but purchaaed Its contempt the last five years haa been aa follows :sition from the Republican Party was expected as a a law recognizing a census, and admitting Kansas by The hero, like every othef hero, fTOWk\Claude IBMpeace.Mr. BoTCI, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) addressed matter of course, because the policy of that party was proclamation upon the return showing the requi.<;ite Melnotte downwards, proves Ills worthiness by going 183S eoaJd, but the question was not settled, else why the House In contlnuaUon of his remarks on Friday to oppose whatever the Democracy approved, but he population. But the safer and better mode would t>e to the wars, but differs from the average " noblemen J847been unwilling to permit the execution of theries, and did not believe a Territorial Legislatare, or with every other provision of the Constitution in re- slave State, even if it were the unanimous wish of•SS7.934 46|18S8. •940,803 18 869,406 IS 1849 -.. TM^MSq 817,908 261 ToUI •4,106,808 »with lilm. The Supreme Court has done what It.last. He had shown that the Republican Party has would not charge that men not of that party opposed to have the census first. He and his State were for of nature" by first spreading the report of his death Average for five years fOI^STO 9were controversies going on erery where, in Statelegislatures and both houses of Congress, oa the sub-ject? T^equestionhadnotbeensettled,andhencetke eontikuanee of the controversy. He agreed with Slave law. So far as Providence would permU, that measure, liecause they had denounced the Kansas publican Party as dangerous, sectional and fanatical. perceive that by this time the lady in question having*, the canals which were not so already. They were the President, that the S^preme-Court had adjudged party was at war with the rendition clause of the Nebraska bill with like ferocity, and had everywhere A fimdamental idea of the party was the equality of known nothing of her husband, except his absence, let at a sum which makes the Aggregate cost for therightofacitizentocarryslavesintotheTerrito-Constitution; anditfollowedthattheywereatwarproclaimedthatKansasshouldnotbeadmittedasathewhileandblackraces.AlreadyinMassachusettsmustnecessarily,inevery"dramaticpointofview,berepairsamounttotwohundredandfifty-twpfrom any other consideration tlian that of public duty. peace. Indiana had never repudiated the Fugitive and then returning, disgnised,'to see the beneficial On the 1st of April, 1869,—the Contracting Boardall those of Fugitive HewaapreparedforRepublicandenunciationsofthe Slavelaw. HedenouncedthedoctrinesoftheRe- effectthenewsmayhaveonhiswife.Everyonewill p^uttmdercontractforrep,airs portionserty in slaves to his knowledge had not been dis- The Supreme Court had decided that the people ofnavery In the Territories to shoot down slaveholders ridicule and contempt. They presented the alarm- clared that it would be better that confusion should the degradation of being placed on terms of equalitybt cold blood—hunt them down like wild beasts, ing spectacle of a sectional party based upon a single ensue, that Congress shonld break up in wild dis- with negroes. He wanted nothing to do with negroes, can see nothing in the play to entitle It to a run of a pleted, J tMnk there is no douht that the repairs, ftaddestroy their propertyt The whole contest in issue, and that issue condemned in advance by the order, and that eve^ the Capitol should be burned by butbelieved that they were better off in Slavery In the huBdred nights In Loudon, unless it is the charac- which include lock-tending, may be done for five Kansaa waa waged against the rights of slavehold- highest judicial tribunal. The platform of principles the torch of the incendiary, than that this Kansas out .South than they would be either in Africa, or if set terization, which is perhaps calculated to draw forth hundred thousand dollars a year, and thej ""ter-turbed. To that ha The whole course the slaveholding States have a to theiradmitted Kansas a slave thus hu- overtiirow the party in many Northern States. The main incident of the play Is as old and respect years. There is, however, reason to beheve which a*, State, several of the sections have Ijeen let for a less sumdisagreed. right carryof the Anti-Slavery Party In Kansas was to disturb tlie property Into the Territories, but instead of obeying miliating and stultifying themselves before the lie believed In the Inferiority of the African race, able as the lillls ; the dnumement, although happy, is than they should have been, to enable the con- lifhU of slaveholders. Was it no interference with that decision, the Republicans treated the Court with world. The Triivtu, the organ of the party had de- and the people of Indiana would never submit to i* paltry and unworthy, because the result of a fraud tractors to do to the State withoutdy, and it waa time enough to set when the interfer-Mce was attempted. He thought the laws existing•atirely insufficient, and that the time had now arlived forfurther legislation, ^d that Congress wastmperallvely eal}ed on to act at once. It i* too lateto act whan the mischief is done. The President hasasksd yon in advance to strengthen his arm to pro-•ect the persons and property 6f American citizenson the Isthmus, and if that can be done, why cannot phy which impelled them to abolish Slavery In the the arm of the Executive and Judiciary bebill, which referred the question of Slavery to the and the Irrep ressible conflict doctrines of the Repub- the artists much more ttian the author, and tha success are made.country. That platform was artfully and ingenious lyconstructedbyablemen. Itdeclaredthegenera principle that all men have a right to Ifof Kansas. He was one of the few Northern lican Party. He declared that his State was in f^or may be recorded as another triumph of the admfrableIn 1841 the canal tonnage was andthe tollswere.3,5S!,733 ..*,aB.8,3.,4.4,1people..was.»'>"«»"» »,i74,Bar,.of the Kansas Nebraska bill who had of the Union, and nothing but the Vnion, and he ap- company now at WaUack's. Mr. Blake and Mrs.meant all white men, the proposition was universally survived the storm of fanaticism raised against them, pealed to extreme Southern men not to strengthen the Vzxiioit, as a couple of apple-munching boors, were and the tolls wereliberty. theysupportersIn 1852 the canal tonnage.a hands of their common enemy by the avowal of ultraform. They could not consistently slop their war as correct by the Supreme Court, and finally sus- did not ask them to abandon a single Con- and artistic ; Mr. Lxsnx as Pierre, perfect ; Miss^ The tolls were reduced in the Winter of 1852 toconcededhaughty,majority of the people of the United StatcF, affirmed Slavery doctrines and disunion seatiments. He qnenUy repentant niece of the Baron, tlioroughly good ^•^•ioss.-.V...but they meant all men white oras was shown by subsequent portions of their plat-andhe had lived to see;for sUtntional right, but thev had to guardRepublican consistency and the potency of Repub- sectionalism in theirtjwn household. Northern Dem- ficient. Thanks to the exceUence of these artists, the release of the tolls on railroads by the act of I86Lupon Slavery in [the Tewitories. The sameTerritories and In the District of Columbia would lican denunciations. He was therefore, sar- ocrats had entered the campaign prepared to die, if piece was received with decided favor, )inrf an- The tonnage carried in 1862would^upon the ratesphiloso-compelthemtoabolishit intheStates. Theirswas a revolutionary party, and, as Edhdm) Besxa hadtained by the Republicans themselves. So muchagainstnot,vrised at the vials of wrath they poured out upona revenue of four million dollars. The canal tbnnage hasbut were to understandnize the terms Ac.i great contest, they that ifnever been less than thatsaid, such a party could never go backward gression was the very law of their being. The histo-ry of European revolutions proved this. MniAUAU New-York (Mr. Ha3k15} asold acquaintances. Even sert the great national army and leave them to thetried " " ofto make terms with the French King, and even the phrase, shilly shaily," namby pamby," "nasty tender mercies their victortous enemy ? If braveRoBXsnaaaa l>ecame sick of seeing France run kind of a bill," was originated, not by the gentleman mengium, and to raise and fortify the Teutonic element and seventy and In the Flemish nation. was four millions two hundredand true had fallen In the North aswith blood, but was unable to stop the progress from New-York, but by Col. Bi!fTo:>, and had been fallen, let the South remember in wliat cause.forty-seven Professor of the Faculte des IiOttres of - thousand eight hundred end fifty-three, /nd theof the Revolution. He warned theParty to beware .of arousing the spirit ofwere but three from theworn threadbare tne Nor There Free StatesPatin,one hundred and «iity-revolution.Untitled Documentwould haveRepublicanby Republicans long ago.was he alarmed at the prospect of a temporary de- who voted for the Kansaf-Nebraska bill jijwhasthe author hav-tolls were three millionstwo thousand one hundSd and ninety dpilarsonBut tha sentiment of the party was feat of the Democratic Party, for he knew that that left inCongress,yetdespairto tie executed with the utffiO!<tcare,been lourwww.fultonhistory.com'justthey jiadunited—and that, too, of the cheapest theatrical kind. We perfect justiceloss to themselves. After the canals are com-should be consummated and yet this same paper free in this coimtry. As a choice he believed Indiana the promlhent point* of a good company. The ap- ways and structures be maintained in as good ;ers. ThePrealdentliadfarthersaidtliatincaseof oftheRepublicanPartywasofthemostdangeroussuch linterference the Jodietaiy could apply the reme character, not only to the South, but to the whole came to the support of the Crittenden- Montgomery would accept Slavery in preference to negro equality plause last night, frequenUy hearty, was bestowed on condition in every respect as whenrage the contractsadmirableMrs. Hoix as thebut subse-Gassos and Mr. Sloah, in thefr parts, thoroughly ef- meet the railway competition from the anticipatednotmced for repetition.A new weekly paper, entitled Der Paniermaneprospectusstatestheforty-fourthousand and sixty-one dollars, or two doUars less. In 1853 the tonnageM.Paris, and member of the French Academy, published a new translation of Horace, whieh is saidgeneralis the canal debt; . .I.ofthe Constitution, lielag tiie debt m ezlstence at the adoption of that instniment, and to the payiaeat of the principal and interest of whteh ttie rara-, The debt contracted atsiudry periods12,000,000 Ot30,1859....:er deducting amount for which drafts aad certificates have been givenTotal59,»95sr•premiumobtained on theloan, which is anentirely floatingThe popular vote by which this new loan waaprevent peopleagain being placed m the dilemma ofeightfifty-nine thouaand,ssnd, two hundred and two dollars andcents, the previous year. The expenses were eight hundred and ninety-seven^ thousand, eight hundred and seventy-eight dollars and ninety-sirCoIIeciors, andofwhen it was three millions three hundredthe tollson the.:2,400,000 00 thousand psy-'eighty-eightprecetdhiantg•»»-14«;  