 P(ll<WXUiVlY8ew*rd to il.lSliiifli MimMmBev.Dr.and that th* of ote- toof the Court of Oyer ami WaeOUk el UUJ£" AAl•£»•***•toels to various terms ofH a P H a p ! • # W^BSIWPSBBP amamssssw ansaThe caae of Lane, the Pulton Bank - deferredtilltoday,whenhiscounseli;% *.atJLM 1 with theheito aiseer down into the centre ofVirginia In the revolt of John Brown, and the world says, Do I approve of him? WeU.heis• resolution your eldest bora: you ought to ackaewiedf* the New Yorki *:i 1SM.UMBAJKJgEMKTTS THIS ITKHIXO.the veto of fate," the slave States will "begin to believe that the beginning of the end has come," and if they leave the Union, it will only be "the devil going out of Paradise."It is very evident that the breaking up of the Union is the real aim and object ef the anti- slavery party, and that nothing could so disap- point them as the settlement of the slavery question. They have recently announced sub-to carry it against the better sense of the Con- vention. Some weeks since a similar proceed- ing* originating, no doubt, in the same cause, was attempted in Congress, by Mr. Ash- more, of South Carolina, and, it ia needless to add, was at once scouted by the House.One of the most sacred provisions of the con- stitution is that which declares that Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of the press. In that great palladium of our liber- ties it is laid down in the most positive manner that there shall be no interference with rights which form the keystone of thestructure raised by i tfully than the men who had the destinies of the infant republic in their safekeeping the im- portance, not only of freedom of discussion, but of freedom of publicity in everything not trenching on individual rights. These two conditions were absolutely essential to the choice of proper representatives by the people, but more especially of chief magistrates equal to the responsibilities of a position demanding not only statesmanlike qualities, but patriotism and integrity of purpose. They therefore secured them, as they thought, by such a con- stitutional provioion as would afford the fullest effect to both.AQAJMR 0 * MVBIO snaavo*a euumr,T ffflUTOX,A*BT- Box i n Cox._ OABDKW, Ooraasoa t Wirm-JMiT Uxa.Pope, the fight which is to take place between cite one or two others which mast be Tory Heenan,Benicia'sstal worth bey, and Sayers, the familiar to Means. William Curtis Noyes, pride and pet of every true Briton, to the — I David Dudley Field and Governor E D . Mor- important topic before the civilised world-eo*Bowtrr—1Ottl.—TtlXL-heis 101HallAp h *1M Mir tatsnwai"5n Conwasn•a*.caais?*TiMooIM tithaialuat eaalUrnsIra*SPai »»<i%!»visited the President, who addressed the corps in athe second Revolution, as it has been describedbrief speech, in which he complimented them by the anti-slavery leaders of the North, this highly for their soldierly bearing, and thanked them success has made him by far the most popularheartily for promptly complying with the invita-tion of the Congressional Committee. The Presi- man in the republican party—its head andBut in the matter of clean streets we are wo- fully deficient; and not because our citizens grudge the amount necessary to keep them in order, nor even an amount large enough to ad- mit of a moderate share of pickings and steal- ings, provided the work was done as it ought to be. They did not demur at paying thirteen millions of dollars fo#» the Croton water, saddent also took occasion to express his regret at the marked discourtesy of the diplomatic corps in ab- senting themselves from the inauguration ceremo- nial. Later in the day the Seventh Regiment tookdistinctions—more so, perhaps, than any other front, its prophet priest and guide, and now he in the country. His constituents of all partiesblack republican party, and Mr. David DudleyField in a post prandial exhortation at theGramercy House. To our view the proof isconclusive that the black republican party Isan abolition party, hi the given sense of theword, as a party which " favors abolition, orthe immediate emancipation of slaves.'5 Mr.Field's last argument is merely a denial of thetime and not of the principle of abolition, and six millions for the Central Park. The interest this be raises because of the universal detesta- on the cost of the Croton. at seven per cent,their depsrture for home. They will arrive in this At the meeting at Gramercy Hotel, Mr. Dud-city this morning. A fell account of the move- ments of Hie regiment In Washington, and of the arrangements made for their reception on their ar- rival at home, may be found elsewhere in our co-ley Field dented that the republican party is or ever will be an abolition party, and that it is not a disunion party, but in favor of the consti- tution and the federal laws. "By no means," be says, "whether by law, by violence, or bytion which his political theories have awakened. would amount to over nine hundred thousanddollars a year; and on the coat of the CentralIKCREARE or CRIME AMONG THE YOUTH or THE Park it would amount to four hundred andwas considered in Committee of the Whole. An amendment to insert an appropriation to pay the claims of the old police force of New York when fragments are obtained in their favor was discussed and adopted in committee, bat when the commit' tee rose the appropriation was stricken ont by a vote of 48 tc 42, and the bill was ordered to a third readingm The Pennsylvania Republican State Convention yesterday nominated A. J. Curtin, for Governor, and adopted a resolution to the effect that the de- legates from each Congressional district appointthe district delegates to the Chicago Convention. The letter of our correspondent at New Orleans, published to another column, contains some revelations which, if confirmed, will be apt to create an intense excitement throughout the coun- try. The letter gives the outline of a scheme comprehending nothing less than the acquisition of Mexico, and it is stated as by no means improbable that even now Gen. Houston, backed by a large armedforceofTexans,maybeenroutefortheBio Grande to carry the scheme into execution.The orator is flatly contradicted by the great higher law oracle of the party, and Mr. Field, who is a lawyer, ambitious for practice in a very conservative city, and does not wish to shock its prejudices, to no authority whatever as against Wm. H. Seward. Indeed, it is im- possible to believe Mr. Field sincere, seeing that he is a propagandist of Helper's treason- able and incendiary book, which has been en- dorsed by sixty-eight republican members of Congress, that he is one of the agents for its dissemination, and that the depot for its sale inWall street is under bis superintendence. The whole idea of the "Impending Crisis7' is to carry the anti slavery crusade into the South- ern States after the method of John Brown. What, then, becomes of the consistency of Mr- Field and ia he not sailing under false colors?Far more faithfully does the Anti-Slavery Society of Massachusetts reflect the creed of the party and the sentiments of its apostle.•at the rate of ten millions a year for the pri- water, they would not refuse a third of thatThe Karnak arrived yesterday, with advices fromHavana to the 16th, and Nassau, N. P., to the 18th What says Mr. Garrison in his speech? "Thethree of manslaughter, one of mayhem, andseventeen cases of assault and battery with in-ing the Moors on the other side of the Strata. There are other reasons for bringing about a peace which will no doubt hare due weight isinst Freights were very low to Havana. Ex-Pre- sympathy and admiration now so widely felt sident Pierce and Mrs. Pierce and Sir Gore Ouaeley for John Brown prove how marvellous hastent to kill. The crimes, aa remarked by JudgeIngraham, have all been committed by young the matter. Marshal O'Donnell has obtained fat |and family were at Nassau. The latter intended to return to New York, A salvage of fifty-five per cent had been awarded on the cargoes of the ship Ashland and bark Union at Nassau.The town of Danville, Ky., was almost entirely destroyed by fire on Wednesday last Eighty including three churches, the court i, and most of the leading business estahush-been the change effected in public opinion during thirty years of moral agitation—a change so great, indeed, that whereas ten years since there were thousands who could not en- dure my lightest word of rebuke of the South, they can now easily swallow John Brown whole, and his rifle into the bargain. In firingmen—not one of the convicts being over thirty title of Duke, and the Spanish nation has frtwill move for an srrest of judgmentin the Norwslk Bank case was con-Who can mistake the meaning of this? But members. That any advantage la the way of to prevent the possibility of mistake, Mr. PhiV Becresyfatto be gained by it, is not for a mo-and a letter was read from Qoioiaot E D .slavery republican party succeed at the nextffwwwAw Aim 8airoa ran GanjAmsr Fwan osthe particular attention of the fisticuff frater- nity, their >dmirers end adherents, and the seat of man and woman kind, so far as they are to terested in the noble art of self defence er the championship ef England, Peoria or Tus>factivity and flrajieas, especially for and medium grades. Wheat waa firm, with moderate aaks at foil prices. Own was In good demand, ADd was tolerably active at improved prices. Pork waa .Mo. 5* quick, both for future delivery and In store. Sales of new mass, on the spot, were made at S18 50, and new prime at $14 87X a $14 93X- Sugars were in fair request, with sales of about 460 hhda., part Cuba and part New Orteaas, ay auction, at prices given in another column. Coffee was -Oooata Borit Asm. bald with firmness, white sales were limned. Freightswere quite steady, with a fair amount of engagements.William H. Seward Nominated for theaaatW*six months, the great organ hymn of iusurree- penetrative faculties of the New York press tion will ascend to the presence of Godf end have been too frequently demonstrated in adds, that the Anti Slavery Society has given cases of this kind to allow the authors of theprinciples, Ac.Now,the republicanparty,when itfirstcamegan. We have now before us a copy of important, so comprehensive, so—Morgan, of this State, expressing, as his senti- llps announces that "before twelve months, e» ment to be assumed. The all-searching and ment, that the republican la faithful to his•"••»-»- •"report ia given in another column."" 'wwl*"^mum.•w "—'|jr '•••»•rTM "'"'lad to •xtibtta* laaa booyaaeyinto existence, announced itself as the greatopponent of slavery and polygamy; and thoughit has dropped its opposition to polygamy, weagree with Governor Morgan that it is faithfulto Its principle of hostility to slavery. Mr.David Dudley Field also sets this fact promi-nently forth in his speech at the Gramercy munication) weprintteaaothereelema. Men! House, where he abuses the slave oligarchy at to tile question as to what is to become of the the South. In addition to these facts, we willl a another page we publish the carious pro-W ALtUOKt THIA TRs, Broadway.-BOMUWS Of A ceedings of the Anti-Slavery Society of Mas- scriptions from England to aid in that cause,LACBA KXUirR TBAATEA, m B*oa4wa/.-JaA*rasachusetts, nominating Wm H. Seward for thePresidency. This Is the spring time of theand Fred Douglass is now collecting more. It appears, from the evidence before the Commit- tee of the United States Senate, that John Brown, and the emissaries from the British aris- tocracy who accompanied him to Kansas, op- posed the settlement of the troubles in the Ter- ritory, because they hoped that those troubleswould lead to a dissolution of the Union.BOWSBT TRBATxUL Bowery.-WoLfOAaa—TH* year, the season for making nominations forschooner has not thrust her nose?) to "dis charging Yankee notions" Whereupon a sea- man, doubtless of that school raised by Decatur and Perry and Hull, offers to fight Heenan and Bayers both together,Two Hi«*WAi«Jui-rocRthe Presidential election next fall, and the several parties are now preparing for the struggle and making their nominations by con- ventions in States and mass meetings in coun-ties and cities, and by societies, and news-THEATER BAMTOm B S T A i mn u X C A l S , W tCoaoaaia.m Bro*4war.-Aftar- HatVffl Broad-None recognized moreEvery person who subscribes ten dollars or more will,If tiaaely application be made, be entitled to as many copiea of the Compend for distribution aa be may deaire, notexceeding the number that the amount of bis sabecriatteawould pay for at net cost. Subscribera' names, wtth the or alternately, or in any other style soma severally anbsenbed by them, in all cases whereAMEBICAKMUSEUM,Broadway.-S*cosn> orMIHSTREL*.Iowa, DAKOM, AC.—Bcun AT P«A-the amount la ten dollars or more, will appear, alphabeti- cally arranged in the latter part of the Compend.A note at the foot of the page requests us to "see third page of cover;" and there we find the name of "Morgan, Edwin D., Albany, New York, $100." The card goes on further to say:—The undersigned, having been appointed a committee in New York to aid In the circulation of Mr. Helper's work on the plan above proposed, beg leave to recom- mend the object to the public, and aek their co-operation. Subscriptions may be sent to the Hon. Wm. H. Anthem, No. 16 Exchange place, New York, directly, or through either of the undersigned.The names of this committee are then given, and the second is that of David Dudley Field, and the fifth that of Wm. Curtis Noyes. Now let us see what this treason Compend of Mr. Helper sets forth. On the ninetieth page of that book we find these words:—Our motto—and we would have you to understand i t - is, ihe oMilxcm. of slavery, and the perpetuation of the American Union. If, by any means, yon do succeed in your treasonable attempts, to take the South oat of the Union to-day, we will bring her back to-morrow—if she goes away with you, she w ill return without you.In order that there may be no mistake as to the use of terms, the writer of what Gov. Morgan and Messrs. Field and Noyes so warmly endorse, tells us on the sixtieth page what "abolition'' and "abolitionist" mean. His words are these:—which may be found agreeable and comforta- ble to all parties. No propositions could be more liberal than those suggested by our cor- respondent, and his views aa to the details of * the tournament are much more comprehensive than the narrow and restricted regulations of the ring. We see only one objection to his plan. He might find Sayers, as Sidney Smith said to the missionary about the South Sea Islanders, "a little tougbfbut we presume that the idea of eating the English champion springs from a pardonable anxiety on the part of oar correspondent to show that he to quite an failto all the refined entertainments with which the "governing classes" occupy their hours of ease. We again direct especial attention to the communication of our nautical friend. There is a degree of refreshing novelty about it which to quite welcome after the old fashioned cards, letters, rejoinders, Ac., Ac, and we recommend it as a specimen of style to the entire sporting world.CLEAN STREETS, A FIXE PARK AST> PLENTT OK FRESH WATER.—These three great essentials to the health of any large city are quite available, under a properly administered government, topapers, and otherwise. Various men have KTBUVS IALOOM, way.—Qao. CnmisTT's Kii- been indicated for candidates. The Anti-And William H. Seward, the manifest choiceof the republicans of this State, is the candidateof the anti-slavery party of Massachusetts, andhe will, undoubtedly, be the choice of the as-sembled republican delegates of the North atthe Chicago Convention In June. His successin November next would be the signal for thedismemberment of the confederation, and wide-spread ruin and civil war would be the inevi-table results. To prevent that catastrophe theconservative elements of the whole countryought to rally under one organization, and, in-spired by the battle cry of "the Union and theConstitution," haul down the republican blackflag, with its death's head and crossbones, from censorships? To the politicians—the tradingD A D O S , oat, *o.-r«• MoM»r.VTjrra R U B , MMJoor «MI of Broadway -8ou>«os'i t u r u .Slavery Society of Massachusetts puta forward the man of its choice, William H. Seward; and the republicans of this city, at the Gramercy Hotel, on Wednesday night, follow suit, and cheer his name with vehement enthusiasm. At the Republican State Convention he had been already indicated as the man for the time, but now, on the eve of his great speech in the United States Senate, his name is brought for- ward as a preparatory note, in order to gain idat for him in advance.Like a skilful tactician as he is, he kept silent till the opportune moment arrived for coming out with effect, just as the musical artist retired behind the curtain after a success- ful act <^t first refuses to respond to the glaudits and calls of the audience inviting himSow York* Vrid«y, T b oFebruary «4, 186Q.S o w s .We are still without intelligence from the wreak-ed steamer Hungarian, bat an agent of the press has been despatched to toe scene of the disaster, mad we shall probably to-day receive some particu- lars of the catastrophe. It is reported that there were four members of the Canadian Parliament on board the Hungarian. English papers received at BaHfax by the Europe state that the Hungarian and a urge cargo and thirty-five passengers, bat the names of the latter are not given.To whom is it owing that the rights thus conferred have been restricted within limits more arbitrary than those imposed by foreignIn Congress yesterday the Senate was occupied to the footlights for a heartier greeting, but atIn discussing the bill regulating the circulation of banknotes to the District of Columbia, but ad- journed without taking final action en the subject The House ballotted three times for a printerwitho at effecting an election. The President sent m special message to the House recommending the organisation of a new Territory, embracing within its boundaries the Pikes Peak gold region. The subject was referred to the Committee onTerritories.length, with well feigned diffidence, yields to the importunate clamors of his admirers. The first scene of the drama opened with the bloody manifesto at Rochester, proclaiming war to the knife against the slave labor of Southern institutions—a war without end while a trace of negro slavery exists on this continent The success which attended that part of his performance, leading logically to the rising at Harper's Ferry, the first battle ofAbolition, n. The act of abolishing, or the state of being the citizens of New York. In the Central Park, abolished; an annulling. abrogation, utter destruction, as with ito skating ponds, fine drives, walks, plea- the abolition of laws, decrees, ordinances, rites, customs,&c.; the putting an end to slavery; emancipation. sure grounds and romantic scenery, we haveAboliUoniat, n. A person who favors abolition, er the secured one of these desiderata. In the intro- immediate emancipation of slaves.We submit these facts to a candid and just duction of the Croton, which flows like a river public, to decide between Mr. David Dudley of pure water through every street in the me- Field on the cover of Helper's manual for the tropolis, we have been blessed with another.The Seventh Regiment visited the House of Rep-resentatives at Washington yesterday. They also the irrepressible conflict, the Lexington ofenters upon the stage for the performance of the second act of the tragedy, amidst the rap- turous applause of Ids followers.are satisfied with his course, which has been upright and patriotic. Mr. Cochrane has served two terms in Congress, was returned for the second with an increased vote, and has a na- ional reputation as one of the ablest andsoundest men that the imperial city of the North has ever sent to Washington. He is something more than a member of Congress; he is a statesman, and is so recognized by his fellow representatives from all sections of theBoth branehea of the Legislature met last even-ing, after a week's recess. In the Senate several the pressure of external public opinion, wouldlocal bate were considered. The bill to release the the republican party attempt to coerce the country.Crrr.—The crimes of murder, and man* slaughter, and assaults upon the lives of our citizens, seem to be growing with fearful pace in this city, notwithstanding that we are taxedtwenty thousand a year—in all, a millioa three hundred and twenty thousand dollars a jear. Surely, when the people cheerfully consent ia pay this much for a park and a supply ofinterest of the State in lands to the Twelfth ward Southern States into a change of any of theirThe before mentioned being the admitted facts in the case, it follows that the assaults of the Wood organ are dictated by some of those small personal jealousies, and mean, petty rivalries which have worked so much mischief for the democratic party in the State of New York any time for the last ten or fifteen years. If the Albany Regency, under Cassidy, Cagger & Co., has been oo far degraded from the posi tion it held under its originators, thirty years ago, as to be only a nest of miserable party tricksters and political ruffians, the partisan leaders in the city proper cannot complain. They are equally demoralized, equally corrupt, politically, and between Albany, and Tammany, and Mozart Halls, the democratic party in New York has been re- duced to its present dilapidated condition; it is a minority—a raging, snarling, biting, snap- ping collection of angry factions, warring over personal feuds while the enemy is at the city gates. What else but de- feat,andshame,anddisgrace,canresult from such a state of things? How can either body of men claiming to represent the de- mocracy of this State have the impudence to go to Charleston and knock at the door of a National Convention? Do they expect that their personal quarrels are to be settled in the grand council of the party? Would they not receive the just punishment due to their politi- cal crimes if they should be shut out of the Convention altogether? One delegation claims "regularity." They are regular only in being regular political scamps, and regularly devoid ofallpublicmorality. Neitherdelegationcan claim to represent the democracy in the Na- tional Convention while the present warfare is maintained.The attacks upon the Hon. John Coch- rane form part of this disgraceful guerilla warfare, and come with an especially bad grace from the organ of Fernando Wood When that gentleman was nominated for Mayor last fall, he was supported more out of sympathy than from congeniality of public reeling as to his political course, lie had been persecuted in the most outrageous and brutal way by the Cassidy and Cogger clique, who united with the common enemy-the abolitionists—to over-conveyed by James Watt", was ordered to a thirdreading. In the Assembly the New York tax bill, render republicanism a mockery and a sham.institutions.'' This is steer humbug, and would, were destroyed. The loss is estimated at a bis gun he has merely told us what time of daydesperate crimes of the character of murder and manslaughter are confined almost entirely to the young in anycommunity,althoughin the general aggregate of crime this class may be most largely represented. Nor can we be- lieve that this circumstance is attributable solely to the natural depravity of the youth of New York, though it is Incontrovertible that reck- lessness and violence strongly characterize them. It is to be attributed mainly to that spirit of rowdyism and disregard of human life so prevalent amongst us, which leads to barroom fights and the free use of deadly weapons in moments of passion. And it is at- tributable, too, with more force, to the in- efficiency of the police, who do littleto prevent the commission of crime, and not much moretowards punishing the offender.Ten REIGN or TERROR IN THS SOCTH.—One of the abolition papers of this city published yes- terday two communications relative to the treatment of abolition teachers and preachers in the South. In one caae it is stated that a preacher—who owns that he sought the over- throw of slavery, and preached withtntt obthe entente cordiale with England may hate* France to give weight to England's reprensa tionsagainstit Moreover,itisanadmiral time to exhibit a magnanimous spirit, and *** out of the fight with honor; and such an otf» sion may not present itself very soon agait with the poor materials Spain ptawssasi to transporting her troops Into the Interior cf Morocco. tMR. SEWARD UXLIMBMRTNO HIS GCM.—We •« that the Senator from New York hat h*o- duced a bill for the admission otState, and that a day has beeshe will speak to that question. B to morels* probable that Mr. Seward will take this im- portunity to improve his position before fl country, by attempting to smooth over m theories promulgated in hi* irrepressible e* diet speech. He wfll endeavor, very likely, •7J recital of the history of Kansas, to drs* •* some of the democratic Senators and earn » general debate upon that question, wi»»» only a side issue, and a dead one at** Tb<»re should b* no debate on the Kansas es» tion. If the democratic Senators aad B*r* tentative* are wise tb*y will let tbv bill p* q„i«tly.audMy nothing about i». The »<J fefue before the courtry, and *h« «*lT '•ofamillionofdollars.At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen lastevening s communication was received from the Mayor neawtoattog James S. Libby for President of the Croton Aqueduct Department, and Andrew BalkanasmapiatimofVimih•• Adivisionofthe question was called for by Alderman Genet, who moved that the nomination of Andrew Sheehan be confirmed, and the nomination was confirmed. The of James 8. Libby was then, on motionitis. Itishighnoon,thank God." Nowhere is the history, progress, present attitude and future prospects of the anti-slavery party de- picted in a few lines. It was a moral force parry; it has become abolitionised, and is now a physical force party, John Brown, under the inspiration of William H. Seward and other leaders, having inaugurated the new era by the shedding of blood, for which he is now canon- ized. '-Whatever stands in the way of this sacred cause, put it down," says Garrison, "whether it be church or government" -'Oh! tins American Union, falsely so called," hei Genet, referred to the: the nomination of the) Health stion. The rote oi1 to 5. f b s Corporation Counsel,Hon.ordered toOn motion orthe Mayer was requested to oflar MIward of $2 JM for the detection of the W.8.Tners. t i e, at five o'clock.r to-day's paper will henant with death and an agreementwith hell." H e concludes b y proclaiming the determina- tion of the partly to march on to the goal of "universal emancipation." Such is the man at whose feet, as a political Gamaliel, Senatorsat and learned the lessons of liberty. the language of Wendell Phil- I meeting? The picture of John he recommends every man tomocracy rallied to give Mr. Wood fair play, and he was elected. And now, for the friends of Fernando Wood to attempt the same game which confounded his opponents, is not only criminal in a moral point ef view, but it is sui-things must be better established, before vi- tality can be renewed in this kind of specula- tion. The present relations between the two sections of the country, and the uncertainty as to the future, In the event of the success of the'. in a communication stating* memorial to the Legisla- continues, "what a sham, what a curse it hasin Hew York. bean from the beginning!" "Accursed be the * • report of the Central constitution of the United States; it Is a cove-throw htm. Whereupon the masses of the de any enterprises in real estate. The stability efteat the properlylike the Hon. John Uoohrane. They have quite trouble enough on their hands without makingOf Wo.H.This is good advice we are giving to the Wood party. They will do well to heed it; If " *•**» "Ww been so not, worse will come to that faction before long-kimpressive and masterly since Michael An- he holds It up -oses, the model •aw portrait of the manKentucky; and in the other, it to complainedthat Southern gentlemen were taking their sonsaway from the school of a maw in Kirkavilte, question tUt is to be m*t during »b» ** Missouri, who was known to be el« tioD, ia tb*t a* to the abolition «' ffaj abolition doctrines, and that other hostile d« %noce*r.cr, according to the Ter*ablic*Vj|| monstrationswere made against himand hi* formu*laiddownitithe l>lpr f>* *•, father, a notorious abolitionist These ctrcum r<-**r6« b'.oodj nnd hmtal R o s t e r *7J Btancea are probably quite true. There ia no testo. Tbf con'^t u-'i^t OP kef fi'.-V*NEW YORK HERALD,AT, FEBRUARY 24, 1860.him. He U the natural product of the thoughtof the North seeking vent somewhere. The this proceeding can only be set down to the chief speakers at thai feast were irrepressible conflict is begun." foolish susceptibility of some of Hi leading Noyes and David Dudley Field, of this ,m favor of1.M0 testes. Flour exhibit birth to a Seward, and that he hoped to Ged motion to lay that nattering unction to theirhe may live to stand In the Presidency. "If souls. The only rational explanation of thewe elect Seward," he concludes, "through the popularity of John Brown for his attack wtthpasssge of so silly a resolution is, that it hadbnctoo or Nora Zambia, to the gladiatorial communicationfromanAmericanmsilm ofa shoulder-hitting tarn of mind, which (the comits motive in personal pique, and that the Influ- muskets on the slave system, looming up like ence of individuals was sufficiently powerfulthe masthead of the pirate ship to which it is nailed.politicians, we mean—to whom we are indebt- ed for all the other abuses and corruptions that have brought reproach upon our institu- tions, and raised the national expenditure to double the amount of what it should have been. These are the men who, for their own selfish and venal purposes, have, from time to time, placed trammels upon the free action of the independent press by excluding it from assemblages called together to discuss ques- tions bearing upon the general interests.For five and twenty years we have battled against this system of party and individual cen- sorship, which, as we have just observed, is far more tyrannical and oppressive than that exer- cised under foreign despotisms, for the latter is based on fixed and understandable princi- ples, while the former is capricious and vindic- tive in its action. From the first moment at which we were able to lay down our course as independent journalists, we resolved that we should restore to that provision of the constitu- tion which proclaims the fullest liberty to the press all the force and value intended to be given to it by ito framors. We have never in anything compromised, and we never shall compromise, the rights and privileges to which we are entitled by it. When we originated the system of publishing financial reports from Wall street, the most absurd and ludicrous outcry was raised against it, and the strongest influences were brought to bear on us to in- duce us to desist We persevered in our plan, notwithstanding all the abuse that was lavished on us. Very soon the other papers began to copy us, and now financial reports are as essential a feature of a newspaper as any other branch of its intelligence. The same desperate opposition was made by the politi- cians to our reporting the proceedings of their caucuses and conventions, but we were not long in demonstrating the uselessness as well as the folly of their resistance. A few years ago we sent a reporter to Virginia to report Governor Wise's speeches, when he was stump- ing the State, and he was assailed and hunted down by the chivalry of the Old Dominion, with the Governor at their head, in a manner that they have, no doubt, since been heartily ashamed of, although Governor Wise has not had the justice to take back the abuse that he heaped upon him. The Richmond Opposition State Convention have, unhappily for them- selves, got into the same kink, and if the re- mainder of their proceedings is to be of a simi- lar character, It may safely be assumed that they will not exercise any very serious influ- ence on the Presidential campaign. As for ourselves, we care nothing about their sentence of exclusion; it will spare us both trouble and expense, whilst all that we desire to learn will reach us through channels that have never failed us on such occasions.RENTS AND REAL ESTATE.—There is very little change, either in the way of increase or decrease, in rents throughout the city, this year fromlastyear. Both rents and thevalue of real estate appear to be pretty nearly stationary on an average. The Central Park has ex- ercised, perhaps, some influence in advancing real estate in that vicinity; but its value has been exaggerated. From the Park down to Union square, however, property is rather de- clining; and so it is, also, from Canal street downwards to Bowling Green; but between Canal street and Union square it is rising a little in value.It seems very evident that as long as the po- litical questions affecting the relations between the North and the South remain unsettled, people will feel an unwillingness to embark InPEKSOXAIJTIESHON. JOHN COCHRANE.—We notice that the newspaper in this city which is the especial or- gan of Fernando Wood takes every occasion to abuse the Hon. John Cochrane, one of the representatives in Congress of the city of New York. These attacks are made in a very small way, and would be hardly worth notice did they not have a moral, and a very impor- tant one. behind them. So far as Mr. Cochrane is concerned, personally and politically, he is quite safe. Whatever he may have been in the political world ten, twelve or twenty years ago, he stands now, in Congress, as an eminently fair, Bound and able man. He represents a district which is marked by very strong socialIN POLITICS—A TT ACKSon THEcidal politically. The best thing that Mr abolition republican party in carrying outWood's organ, or Mr. Wood's friends, or Mr* Wood himself, can do, is to leave personal spites and jealousies to the drivellers and>m far worship as a Catholic tricksters of Albany and Tammany} and above- of Christ—he pronounces to all, to refrain from seeking to defame a mantheir designs against the interests and righto ofthe South, offer no encouragement for the in-vestment of capital fat real property,*which ject—waa compelled to leave Bracken connty, may and must be seriously depreciatedshould they accomplish their purposes. Thuswe see that this interest, like so many others,is suffering grievously from the mischievousagitation of political demagogues. Ifthey per-severe in their present course, a general revul-sion mast occur, tad every interest fat thecountry must be broken down,Untitled Documenttheir deliberations are held. The motive for party is not an abolition party,the sfiahJiai endeavored toHelper's treasonable and incendiary Compend,on the fourth page of the cover of which to a Brazilian seaport, where acard announcing the belief that if the Compend schooner''(is there a harbor anywhere on the could be laid before every citizen "a repub- face of the* earth into which the Americaa lican triumph in 1860 would bo morally oar-tain." This card further says:—vilege of living in security and peace—a pri- vilege, however, which unfortunately wo do not enjoy, as the daily records of crime in thesum—or $440,000—for the luxury of cleas streets, if they could only get them for the money; and let us add, that for this amount,newspapers, and the calenders of our criminal honestly expended, the pavement of everycourts, both abundantly prove.There have been* eighteen convictions ob-tained at this term of the Court of Oyer andTerminer, viz:—Murder, 2; manslaughter, firststreet in the city could be kept like polished marble every day in the year.THE SPANISH WAR IN AFRICA.—Prom the tenor of the news from Africa, rather than thedegree, 2; manslaughter, second degree, 2;manslaughter, third degree, 6; manslaughter, statement of the fact Itself, we learn that thefourth degree, 1; felonious assault and battery,3; false pretences, 2; forgery, 1. Two personsSpanish forces have captured the Moorish torn of Tetuan, and that there Is a probability that peace propositions between Spain and Moroccocbai ged with manslaughter in the fourth de-gree have been acquitted, in each case the de- will now be entertained. We consider this re-ceased having been of bad character, and hisdeath having been occasioned by injuries re-sult very probable, for it is evident that the Spanish treasury has got quite enough of the Moorish war, and it is not improbable thatceived in falling, when knocked down by theaggressor. Besides these there have been re- O'Donnell has also got enough of the r&triguesmittedtotheSessionsthreecasesofmurder,atCourtagainsthisministry,whilehefaagtt-years, but most of them being abouttwenty or twenty-five years of age—a fact which speaks most unfavorably for ju-venile morals in the metropolis, and, we think,enough of the gory glories of war to satisfy n for a time, and to keep it from an itching te putting its fingers into the Italian policy 4 Louis Napoleon. The French interest at *• Spanish Court has therefore little reaM*presents a strong contrast to the morals of thatclass in other large cities. It is rarely that push the war farther, and the recent reneea^that it has even penetrated M far •T*.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 