 -{ifaithfulness ? But that is of little moment. O bse?ve how, when she forgot that the truest life is alifeofrestraint andself-negation,oblivionofall strongerthearmy,thesaferLondonwillbe. But tenderness, except that belonging to her "pas- where is that strong army to come from, if Ports- "sionalattraction,"hasoverwhelmedher;howmouth,Plymouth,Chatham,andSheerness,aud, cruelly and insultingly she sneers at her husband; pprbaps, Pembroke, are converted into first-rate howdestituteofallmotherlyfeelingiathealliiBions fortressesofthesizeofCherbourg, Genoa,Cob- to her children; With what scorn she speaks of lentz, or Cologne, requiring garrisons of from friendswhoseage,atleast,shouldhavemadethem %15,000to20,000mentodefendtbem? Thus,theBlaTr. w.out., ne»V'-i^Xfo2faiuv']to£AsUsW«i Club of K ^ County affirmed its validity. They did not conspire to tious sentiments. As we read on* our fear of any brick and mortar, of ditch and parapet, of money fahuly »epulcher would seem to indicate that he man, but not supported by Seoator Green and %31meet at tke WJgwBin, FuKon street,,Brooklyn," on resist the Court and the law's ministers; they re-; possible harm from such a dooument to any crea- and, in case of war, of men too. The engineering forgot before starting to boil tho beans in hi* other leading supporters of Breckinridge) i» very &ia*XvnadBg,Aug.10,at7\o'clock,totthepurpose solvedtorepealthelaw;andtheydidit. Sowith ture,notfore-ordainedfromthebegiimingofthe staffappearpositivelytorevelinthisluxuryof boots. Itisnotuncommon forthebereaved light,aad^hatofJamesB.Gardenhire(&*«*£' Ofpai^JcifatiuginthededicationoftheSoothBxook-theDemocratsofalaterdayintheirpersistent;worldtobeaprostitute,fadesaway.Itsvery.planningfoi't^ficaUoaawhich,tothorn,hassolongtoundertakethesepiousjourneys,butMr, butlittlegreater.WhenitbecameevidenttawMZbey are the favorites forfroxilies>—(Times., QjBoaNo.606Broadway, New-York.CHEAPEST INSURANCE IN THE WORLD.A"TRIBUNE, FRIDAY. AUGUST 10. I860.'••!>• I.J''|JJ'ii m sr^g^ ^3!tjoral, tiioDgb. the Supreme Court iiad adjudged' i*» been-deceived, ©rareever likety-tobe led away-by •been a forbidden- joy. England -is menaoed with.$nsig*0* NoticesJ. XL STAFTOBD'S OLIVETAB,WB«KOt.iV«t*»*»»>»»*«».»'*taoartagbaUwalc **&. »W» «r» Hrop^ht in dtoec* oonuct «4U» tbo Uumf mom-creditableso -oredttAMa .anerrand..whohas ^ ^ M S>nd,Orx, Mr. Gaxdt^ |ii)Uowing letter t'ZT«*w AW*»*»*«* 3V*5«*L « * * f * . * * Air*-&t!» of V* fcoHorta* at ooco any pato <>« opprt^oo, and b/nding an*mlftUaa OT-tuifffcT-T-"^WK««Ouw TAXI»TAJCKVrrowSCSAR,itform*»nuaeq^Jed rootti** and beating »irup f>r oongbs and »lJ tferoat OUeaooa.WKJOTOUVKTABI*APPIJRI>,iUmagneticorcon«t- «todcnr»tix« power* r>nd«r U a moat ^poody and offide&t*PA»T AssimtATO*. O/tc*TUri*no*tttcjcy—tiotmnot ditcdor.fifty Coota•* bottlo, UNo. 44* Broadway, Now-York, *odb7a».Drc#Ua.J. B. STAFFORD'SIRONAM>SULPHUR POWDERSArea*olab?opreparationofiroaandaulphor,identical with tb*t osteon* in tbw bioorf of a posfiksuj hoaltby per- •M, Uniting with tbo (Ugotiod food,TBVX E»mAxa»B A*Drtj«jrx T»M Bioon, jTHXT AMTASX JtaSXGI TO TMUS JSaKYOCS SlffTJUC, TOUR IXVMHMUT* TBX LIVKB, TsjrtSrsunHfTBasrTBKDiOM-noir,TjUR &K9V&ATB THB SBCRHTIO.NB OP THB Bo»T, AXX> ABX A SrXCIFlO KOB. aXX Km* ALB WBAXXKMXS.PKXCX$1APACXAUB,At No. 442 Broadway, N«w-York, and all DruggUU.A T KOBER T B A I T & Co.'s,N o . » 1 Broadway,• u.r<Wf of Warr«n-it.. N . Y .AttOir&ra U ia-ritod t o tbcir largo Mock of Uou>and&ivx* WATCHM,B y t h e follow-bag oelobritod utwAujr*: Loxno*.A. Hit,t,No. 170 Broadway, SARATOGA SpXINOS, t» ax Agent tat the sale of THX TRIBUWB. - •^'/«~-'-c-< .CBAIU;**FHOI>*Hsx, T.F-Coorvs,DATW TATLOX, K.C.BxACXBXilxJr.fcCo., £ D.Joxasosr,Xocxt.STODDAXT, JOHNCKA««,CHA*. IAYLOX, ft, Sox»,is2.500.Conseqaently,wetninkthereisstillaM LTOBIAU. B***TBoaKxti^K. 4c O. BBBSI.KY, JO^J-USJCWJOO,QBXXYA.At the meeting of the Pennsylvania. Demccraticproviding for one elec oral ticket, with Breckiu- of being enjoined by Chief-Justice Taney) we ex- reverenced, and who besought her to pause in her stronger you make the dockyards, the weaker youTATXK Pinxxxrs & Co., Loci* ATSDBJUOW,JAB. WAX»««,J C LBJOXO.LB, VACBXKOMte CONBTATW, JL.*.£ DICH*.\B,ridge andDouglas astheelectors,and theone pecttosecureintheelection ofABRAHAM having the largest popular vote to receive the COLN.— [Ed.electoral vote of the State, was adopted. An ad-dition was made, to the effect that, in any event, ifLIN-headlongleapint»the jawsofthat moraldeath; renderLondonandthecountry. with what hate she anathematizes all the.restraints you call national defenses.of social life, of family ties, of moral inculcations,AndthisiswhatJJDUQIJcR«BS?Jor, oO]jt>nbaxxiuWhich thoy off^r at w:;ol^il. and retoil.. "^•tTo«AT BOBERT JKAIT& Co.'8,priso*.No. 161 Bx©«ww»y c*«i«jr of Warrea-et., N. Y., TMBS. OURftEV,•large assortnxxit o f CSANOSUKIW aud G A S FIXTOKXS o f every description,,and oi the newest styles, both foreign and domestic msnnfaetnioa.Wearenowmaking,withoutexception,tnebestSAYis.ever offered t o the pubuc Our safes preseive toeir oootents when exposed to hie in the b+st maxner, aud our BusttiAK-rKiwr BATX defies the world. Any one about to purchase t t requested to' call and examine for themselves, vvx OIVBTUX BXSTrf.wK VOX TUX UtAST XO.NKV. STXAKMS it. MARVIX,No. 335 Broadway, oor. Worth-st.GAS EIXTCRES.Tlic EteningiPoaCBAH., BLACB dt Co., Noa 565 and 567 ttroadway, Corner of Prluce-at,fatally inconsistent with each other. If the principleslaid down and affirmed by Judge Taney and hisbrethren in rendering the Dred Scott decisionaie cousins. Samuel Gurney, the banker and philan-' .6a addition to their Large stocA of rich GooiM. offer for sale aThe plan for the National Defenses of England, sources which an invading army can bring againafcjust laid before. Parliament, proposes to confine it wiihin a fortnight after landing, is all that is to—that, ho far from repealing, Congress iu 1850"¥.B.AoaxsfcSox«,.ThatheistheROBXKTJUIT *.Oo. LlVKXVOOL. '•frnfldtof and over. l a our foXiuture buiuUng w*» oue of your he ought to have' considered that this is not apatentCh»mpion^afra,whichstvodbeforethe hreontoe store<Boor,Badinsuchapositionastomakritiinpossiolo to remove "bearingyear"forhisparty, especially inthethis can be shown to the transgressor. The mad nessofanunholyandignoblepassionmakesthisu n p r o t e c t e d , a n d i s l e f t t o h i n g e o n t h e r e s u l t o fIt, conaequently it rtmaiued until the floor fell, when tb« safe fell North-West. Ineaibe ceUar among a lot of maple sad other furniture and ComhustlBlematerial*,whereitremaineafrom3o'clocka.m.~ • .till 10 o'oloci. When removed Jrom t h e ruins every book and peeper was found in perfect order It has saved us many a v<*lua- bTepaper,andonrbooks,whichwouldhavebeenofveryseriousXcauartouatohaveXoat. •• A»nacs ai, I>ODLSY.Hxxxuio'sPaTX>TCHAXPIOSSarxs,themostreliableand perfect protection ixotn hre now anown, can be purchased onlyOneallusioninthislettermaynotbeatonce dock-yards,byallmeans,befortifiedinarational anexquisitely fraternal, harmonious, womayo;"thesubscrihen. «HBKKI.NHit.Co.,• No. 251 Bxeedway, corner Morray-et,,. New-Vodct'.\KH»LL,HxxxiKe*Co., Philadelphia.HKHKIXS k. Co., New-Orleans.the paper before us is no fiction. I t is a sober factthat this is the defense, not merely the deliberatelynocaseoftener than in that ofillegitimatechil- about fortifying London. Itisnousesaying,as dren, the illegitimacy often running from genera- Palmerston, does that this is impossible. It is the"howIadmiredh'm!" saystheamiableDouglas."Charming Whig Party! how I wept for it!" says the toOtender Douglas. All of which willsound, then " Popular Sovereignty" in the Terri- BATCHELOR'S HAIR D Y E , W ig and Toupee tories, so far as it affects the existence of Slaverythropist, »of London;.' Elizabeth F r y , the prison- reformer, and another sister,, the. wifei of SirFactory.No.JOBond-sCPrivateentranceforLadies.Thei>ye appMoa tn the sky-Hght roomaTHE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM,•K. ASTuoxr, No, 501 Broadway.Catalognessentonreceipt ofstamp. Photographic materials there, no matter though the ten thousandis hardly a private family in the ,World bettei;knownerectionofstrong and.extensive forts at Dover prepared beforehand.andPortland,forthepurposeofsecuringsheltered WithLondenthusfortified,andthedock-yards hisownisverymuchasifathiefshouldpleadthe anchorage to fleets and detached vessels. The strengihei>ed on the sea fronts and protected on commandment "Thou shalt notsteal!" iu bar of whole of the money is to be spent on the circum- the land fronts against a forcible, irregular attack, an indiotmcDt for larceny. . I t has bwn the staad- ference of the country, on the coast-line accessible and even a slight siege, England mig'ht d-fy any h g scandal of Mr. Douglas's miserable measuretot amateurs and the bade.~~ SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.** Everybody sfaoold have a bottie."—{Tribune. F eu SALX EVKBTWBBKB.Manufactured b y H . C. SPAJLOUIO At Co., No. 48 Cedar-st. Pe#*-C>mo#i ^drf»*«i Box No- *•*"».Some months ago, some scandal was setA VISIT AcorrespondentofThe'N.Y.HeraldwritesanTO JOHNBELL.•,. iV..-. : ; .„-...w ;_"!.LI.JJBRCJCTJS-CT.'-if"? .«VT»r.>"3nFRIDAY,AUGUST10,IBM.chanceforOrr. "•,/•:•''.'[s\* »particular,hedisclaimsallpraise.author of the great Nonintervention scheme, ho modi'sttydenies. Herepudiates ail "exclusive "glo-yandexclusivecredit." Heinsetsthatthe lateWhig party shallshareinhishonors. Piul planted—Apollo* watered,and heonly—butwe need r o t finish the »entence. Non-intervention(sa•: - ' W ^ — ^ — — — — — — S S S S STs>A«lT«rtiB«rsu/ . -,the judgment*Owing to th« noeat great;iaoreaaofatth« oiroulatioau», we'deny to that Court any rightful authority;jor;prize in woman, h e r womanly modesty, is burned coup de main, so long invasions might b e under-takenafter8o'dock.butas-voters,asultimatelaw-makera,weare strativeenough. "Firstfrommylips,"sayithe andthisisevidentlynecessary—thereisnoother waslittledangerthatthetombwouldabsooalThe Pony Express, with California dates of Ju- ly 28, reached St. Joseph yesterday morciDg.InKentucky,Gen.Coombs'smajoritiescontinuenorsandJudges,IndianAgents,Land Officers,hilationinitsturn.Thus,theveryfactofthe——-. • ' . "'We do not understand the 1,400 gain for Orr in siltcountiesofMissourireportedbytelegraph,iaat night to include St. Louis, where the reported gaiueyen by Tuney; this is Constitutional, Dred Scott notwithstanding; this we know Abraham Lincoln will do, and this Stephen A . Douglas tells u s h e willnotdo. Hesayshecaresnotwhether.Slav- ery «s**6 or does not go into a Territory, nor whether itbe*'voteduporvoteddown"bytheLondon, w e are told by Loid Palroerstoo, muft be defended in the field. Suppose this to be so: theBut that Mr. Douglas experienced religion while in the Vermont cemetery w e have reason to be- lieve; for he is now in a most benevolent and gea* erousframeofmind. Forh?sgreatexertioa*to. behalfoftheRepublicingeneralandofKansasiu'• JU..E. IHM..1,»W IU..E. m*t.. see,W, DUt .' 127 rv..E.r>i*t.. 7-ti W.m*..vatV..K.VH.. At*. w. w»t.. im VI..E.IK»t..253 W.DW., « VII..E. DUt.. «07 W. IAML. 245 vTn.-E.OW..'j'.k w. nut..540IX..E. i^ut.. ;»o WiT)Ut.«KCarood»lH *S*<?rarol».. r. 55 **lorUwnt...... i-> yZrldgrtva IS Coatrai Xl<? Abbey........... '.' All«DtoD 29;:';. liarifiu —Xetd...(lmperf.t-t).. 9,904 J,*8onj« of tb*-«. oot of'.01 •b«OTp<l v Into city W« ii» ti£j UJOKP,•«thatwobe*eJbo totals kwt-vtr, of !>.£We have several li the line of the prop* Railroad, of which t ganisvery unpopnl; Teto la*t March of t! tendStateaidto$1,000,000. A s t! well known, and as? sentedtoandcor^id* Convention,we-must They say «ome thii)g« in case Gov. Morg choo^o not to have«i Tho Convention will Fishes of theSu*q majority, after a cab shall decide that th*the "RtpubVcau par nation, wo trmt tha HepoblicacH, wiU ge intended to give the* Conventionwilldo1 l>ear accordingly.•i T;:and tomakehalfahundred speeches,ou ais **f••!beyondandaboveitspowen,People thereof. W e do care; and w e want a StateCentralCommittee, yesterday,a resolution Prehidentwhocaresalso. Andsuch(withoutfear1*offeredatwtLOlcMloandretailaveryla.-geand completeas- theelectoralvoteofPennsylvaniawill electeither Inanotherjiartofthispaperwillbefoundadoc- sortmentofofreligiousobservances, thath a deve? heldh e rQOLI> and SILVBX WATCHXS, ! By BBthe ceiebrated makers ofcandidate, it shall be given for him. Also, requir- ing a pledge from the Electors to-carry out the in- structions of the Committee.of the,readers. It is quite certain to receive that without any suggestion of ours—attention, earnest, absorbing, serious, and, we have no doubt, sad. Norhaveweanyapologytomakeforlayingsuchcan remember only Yellowplueh's ph losophy that " there is no rule, no duty in life, but the pursuit "of happiness," and forgets utterly, or remem-bersonlywithcontemptand hate,thehealthshe had made desolate, and the hearts she had almostdead lock, to which the occupation of London tongue, the doctrine. Clay loved it. Webster would bring all the industrial and commercial ma- doted upon i t . Pierce w a s "elected upoathat chinery of England, there can be no doubt that :'*'very' ground." Gen. Scott wasnot "elected onebattlewoulddecidethefateofthewholeking- "uponthatveryground,"for, althoughhewasa dom. And thus, while twelve millions are pro- Non-Interventei, the other man was more of a posed to be spent on the security of the dock yards, Non-Interventer. M r. Fillmore approved. " T o3j y '* ^:Liverpool,lioadou,AtRodooedPrice*.Genera, jGREAT FIRE IN POUGHKEEPSIE,JCVX 23 JUxiO. IlKlUiJNO'a 3A«C T H * VlCTOK-George V. N. Lathrop of Detroit was yesterdaynominated for Congress by the Democracy of the a confession before them—-the confession of a ssulFuvottuutnus, Joly 25,1860. BfxMBS. HXBBIBS k. Co.—GBMTLBMBK: Ua the night of the 3 0 4 i l w < . , « Bute o o c o j o t e d i n t h i s p U c e w h i c h « j c t e a d e d t o s i x t e e n1st District of Michigan.H e will be beaten lesswithout faith, of a life without a moral purpose, of broken. A woman ceases to be a woman whena sentimeatahty morbid to idiotcy, of passions wild she forgets how to pity. No sadder picture than ihe very heart of the country ia to remain " be sure," says Mr. Douglas,"" I was ia the habitandby hundreds than any other man of his party; buta n d s h a m e l e s s , a n d o f a n i m m o d e s t y s o u n c h e c k e dthat we seem tohave here a woman withoutwoman's first instinct. Hardly in the worst pro- woman rave. .'•".:•.;'. ,..••;•••.. ductions of the worst school of fiction is there amore subtle, more ingenious, and more unblushing avowalthatthereisnoothergoodintheworidthanthegratification,,ofunbridledpassion.But seedsofthismadness.Likepioduce'slike,andin butifyouwantnationaldefenses,setatonce brotherDouglas. "ExcellentbrotherWebsterII?IR.AND THEOHJED ACOTT DECISIONPALMYRA,N.Y.,Aog.4,I860. HORACX GxKEixr—Dear Sir: You, among ether Bepublioan writers, conbtantly oppose Douglas for'his accoptanco ofthe Dtiriocratic Platform, which thoroughly indorses the " Dredunderstood. Mrs. Gurney is herself an illegitimate manner, which could b e done for less than half the child, and carried, therefore, in her blood the money now proposed to be squandered upon them;S O V O I i A S ,T H ER E P U B L I C A N S ,^„ ,„*.w%~-.»—~...•-*.-•.«.-.-.»»otherwise. • • • •»~ f y.i•'•:;^wii^..,:.,..„..:...,;JM the siekly ^sentimentalilyf of illioit passion, h o w a vegetation of forts and batteries springing up a s sioicaUy grappled with hi. emotions Mu ,tl\ The People of the ITniteS Stages, acting thrwigfc weak, and base, and*absurd,,'ii iaiibo pretend/ifchat rapidly as mushrooms, and as rank as the cr*eperr thebaDotbox,aretb>i.tiil^BiUB^^sM^VQikl.'\r".'T.hoj^iteveris,orcanbe,''.ennoblingor.bright.'vNawo- ofatropicalforest. TheGovernmentseemtoin-rtothejj^etery. Itmustbeadmittedthatfeehw.JSloolloM,letmcurge»pe=man can take in thispoison t o her harm, wh^ti' shecourts. While,tierswerender^«uc\o>ed«enceto seeshowutterlythemodestyofwomanisforgot- forthemoney;butthatwillbOtheprinoipajuse>of audiencea^diowryexp<ctatet«rfaspeech'Wbe*-«ntlxow<* h»T« »lo ** pr«ba4*on "a »!o^tlo». » o ewry and mm& r •itloabv***om«•'bacoa11 evl tho ElW»Uc«o t-trnrtj'. «rbere I caor^tchtfc<-.- . a<vtj#,UJOlUpubncatai »Ulllokot.' . . . "Hantily,—•Thatnoblelctt<x Orr. Should it not thoee who here cal Judge Orr, yet wfc- frith Democrats to g Tania to Douglas 1VOTE OF;er. i •Repnb.make ard modify legislatures; laws, constitutions,siht upon i t that there must b e something t o show^^i^poSmS^SS^^^^^^^ ten. No man can drink of such a mixture when all those splendid structures. " ! ? ' # ^ * disappointed. We are far fr<»n1»laniing>this » $ «h«Fr««<tom <rf tho Fit*included,astheConstitutionandlawsrequireof seeingthat'thatwhicheventhemostdepraved Solongasthedockyardsarenotsafeagainsta ulax^propensityto'lookatlionsandofTHBDAU.TTXIXITXX,andthenecessityofpottingthefirst .actualpowertoforeclosetheactionofthePeople upbyillicitpassion.^«-v*^fi:&fa•••^'v\;'.-':v*";;"^ taken,withthesoleaimofdestroyingoneofthem, leastanotoriousman;andthegeneralappetiteform o f the paper to press at a» early haor, w o ace oompeUedtogivenoticeto our friends that hereafter all advertisement?must ho handed in before 8 o'clock to the evening, with the tin- the National policy or distribution and uae ofAndnotmodestyonly,buteveryothei womanly andthen retiring. Thustheyserve,sotosay,as sentiment,isforgotten. William,thoughnodoubt safety-valvesforLondon. Butas soon as theyfor curiositieshasbeenmuchwhettedthisyearb* the great steamboat aud the Japa»e»e. Tnor*onquestionsessentially polifccal^ orpersaihingto00 exception of those Intended for Insertion among the Bosfneaf power. What the Court bids us do or enjoins us lusty, must have been more than ordinarily back- aresecuffd against an attack by main force,and was no importunate reason for Mr. Dowglts to be Notices on the fourth page of the paper. That oiassof adver-tisemenUwillbereceiveduntilalatehoar,butnootherscanbe fromdoingassubjectsoftheState,wem»stheed; ward,for,itisevident,itwashihertobedemon- evenagainstaregularattack,forfourteen days— inavehementhurry. Whatever thedeky,tQer5lady/'*wasourlovetold."Thencomessuchpoor objectleftforaninvasionexceptLondon.AllBut that Court has never yet undertaken to ad- stuff as talk of loving her as his "destiny;" of minor ends are secured; local invasions are no bow many cubic inches of tears he ehed, how longAt what day andwhathour he actually reached i t judge that we may not do our best to elect a Pres- " no duty in life but the pursuit of happiness ;V of longer to any purpose; aq invasion must go in for he lingered there, and what burning vows ofident and Vice-President who will appoint Gover-'• hopelessj endless misery;" and then along, fond the chance of annihilating England o r suffer anni-amendment he made, we a r e n o t informed. W e onlyknowthathehascomefromidsmeditatMef brimful of the Lecompton ConstitutioD, aud k muddlingthatmattertolargeaudiencesmuchafter •he old fashion.tkiss."Allthisissickeningadnauseum;to roll up. They now amount to 22,170. The &o, for the Territories, whose official iafluence believe it—and it could not be told were it not fortification of the dockyards weakens London.butifweDouglasmenhithard,anditismostprobablefcney true—whatmaywenotbelieve,anddisbelieve? Itc«mpelstheinvadingpowertoconcentrateallwill, be exerted on th e side of Free ALabor andwiU be able to give the State to Bell and Everett, against Slavery Extension. This is not forbidden, What credit can w e give to the date of her un- its strength on the attempt at once upon London.In any case, one lost battle would decide the Mr. Douglas calls it) w as in full and flouriafaing fate of Lobdon; and,considering theimmenxe practicelongbeforehehadanythingtodowishh. umenttowhichweneednotdirecttheattention back. Consumedbyafiercerageofdesire,she commercislcentralizationofthecountry,andtheThelateWhigpartydiedlisping,withitsstiffeuiegwritten, but the deliberately printed, defense whichber, 1858, u herein he said, " The Democracy of Illinois accept a young wife and mother offers of her conduct, tion to generation. This only enforces the lesson same talk that was. heard when Paris was to beScott Decision," and for his speech at New-Orleans in Decem-" the decision of the Supremo Court of the United States in thewhich none can fail tq read in this domestic fortified. The surface inclosed in the. continuous astonish those whoare no*acquainted with Master tragedy. Mistakes are sometimes, perhaps.often, rampart round Paris is not mueh less than that Stephen's recent chaDge. Bless your heart! he'smonths after she had abandoned h e r husband a n d »liajtiuxh's PATBMT 1.BAXVIOX OAVXever failed to preserve *'Constitution," 4ic. I am a Republican. I shall vote for Lin- her children for " the gratification of her love"^1,000 reward is still offered to any person who can prove this jkscontentsinanaccidental hre. 'GROTER & BAKER'S CELEBRATEDNOMXZJKS SBWise-Macxixas. The Best in Use for family Sewing.So. 486 Broadway, New-York. No- 1«2 Kujton-.t., Brooklyn.WHEELER 6C WILSON'S SEWIMO-MACHINES. *•We prefer them for fantUr use-"—(Tribune. '" case o f Dred Scott, ar. an authoritative interpretation o f the coln,andexpecttoaidnomainhiselection;hutIwouldliketoask yon, Do we accept the decision ?•/What else can we do ? Can w e set it at nought? Or, nctilthe Court is reformed, can w e cause it to be reversed?I would like an answer from you, either in THBTRIBUKE oronlyropingintheSilverGrays—that'salT!:If a visit to the tcmb of his immediate ancestor such a development of social wrong must be met mitted such errors. But to break those bonds to London six miles from Charing Cross would, give has been followed by such an access of impu-by letter . Y ours, & c ,CHARLBS MCLOUTH.withaparamour. Andtherefore we.printit. Amadeinthe.choiceofhusbandandwife. Wretchedoccupied byLondon; theIkeofforts encircingfact like this cannot be covered up out of Sight;undoubtedly is the life of those who have com-Paris has an extent of 27 miles, and a circle rounddence, Mr. Douglas would have returned from the tomb of his grandfather or great-aunt a perfect miracle of •audacity. It Has 'been supposed by most philosophers tbat chalk is cot che^e, that fireandwaterare essentially different elements, aud that hawks and h^rnebawg are not the same birds. WhattheCompromisesof1850had'orhave t o do with the Nebraska bill may be kuowa to Mr. Douglas; but he is, of all the millions liv- ing, the sole depositary of the secret. The legis- latorsof1850havesinsenoughoftheirownt£an- swer for, without being forced to shoulder sundry heavy ones for which they are not responsible. I t is a-matter, of record—at least, w e have thoughtall the outlay to the fortification of the dockyards, required. The continuous inclosure may be dis- reaffirmed, reSDacted, rehabilitated, rejuvenated^ therein,isabubble,amirage,achimera,aThomasFowellBuxton,thegreatleaderinParlia-togetherwithsomeminorworks,barelysufficientpensedw?th;thevillagesandgroupsofhouseson*reenforcedtheMissouriCompromise,whichMTV cheat. Slavery goes into every Territory when- ment for West India Emancipation, were the to protect the larger harbors of the country from the outskirts may be made to serve in its stead Douglas's bantling of a bill, bad and misbegotten*ever any slaveholder seed fit to take it brotherandsistersofJosephJohnGurney. There insultbysmallhostilesquadrons,andwiththe quiteeffectually,iftheplanofdefensebeproperly eradicatedfromthestatutesofthenation. Forface to face; metall the more openly, and all thefollow blindly some new passion leads to misery of a periphery of 37 miles. This circle might verya farlower depth, and can be defended onlyas this well represent the average distance of the forts an example so pernicious can have the least influ- woman defends it, by the abnegation of all moral from the center; and ten miles more will not ren- Mr. M.—^You seem to misapprehend wholly the ence. . ties and considerations, and a forgetfulness of all der the line too long, if a proper system of radial pointmadeagainstMr. Douglas. Itisnotsimply thatadornsandblesses life. Shewasnotbound andcircularrailwaycommunication facilitatesthethat he indorses the-Dred Scott Decision, nor that Mary, Gurney, the author of this paper, is the. before; she is not bound now, but either party is rapid movements of the reserves. Of course,heproclaims"PopularSovereignty"intheTerri- legalwifeofJohnHenryGurney,amemberof freetofollowanynewfancy. Nomorefatalmine Londoncannotbedefendedintheoff-handway,tories to be the true panacea for ©ur "sectional" dis- Parliament for Lynn-Regis, Norfolkshire, England. than this can be sprung under the foundationsof proposed in t h e Cornhill Magazine, where s i xReply.more earnestly, if there be the slightest danger thatThey a r e second cousins, he being the son of theing Slavery in the Territories so far as we of the late Joseph John Gurney, the well-known banker philosophy plausible; no eloquence can cover up be twenty at least; but, on the other hand, Lon-tractions, the rightful end of controversy respect-StatesarecoLcerned,butthatthetwopositions are abdministeroftheSocietyofFriendsat.'Norwich, itshideouscorruption.other and older settlers unanimously protest against it. If the Federal Constitution recognizes slaves as Property—not merely in the Slave States, but in the"Territories aswell—and guarantee* totoiy, then to hold that his fellow-settlers therein counter-action to their deadly influence.may, by " unfriendly legislation," divest \t\ci of thatright,orrenderitpracticallyvalueless,istouo- TherearemonstersinthemoralworldaswellPembroke, Sheerness, and Woolwich (or waateeer would in all cases be compelled to act; ho could always^regarded Mr. Douglas's bill as a mischief, place may be selected in its stead), should be made not, even if he would, then escape the attraction aDd Mr1. Douglas himself as a mischief-maker. sostrongastobeabletobeatoffanyattackbysea, "ofthegreatintrenchedcampofLondon,andhe WesuspectthereforethatmostOldWhig»,wheMr. Bell has a third interest in about 400 slaves, the 'did n o t prevent Lord Mansfield, i n t h e famous boldly; i t lurks i n hidden and unexpected places; tions, a n d must, therefoie, a c t rapidly a n dbalance belonging to hi* second wife. They are e m - ployed in Mr. Bell s iron works, o n t h e Cumberland Biver, and in bis coalbitnks in Kentucky. Tue sys- tem by which this large b«dy of slaves is governed is admirableandhumane. Theyareallproperlyclothed,fed, their rehi?iou» instruction and moral culture at- tended to, and ihey are required to work not an hour bevond the usual standaid of a day's labor, unless tboy receive pay therefor. Although holdiog this property Jn ejavee, Mr. Bell is n o t considered a very wealthyman, eome unfortunate speculations in Kentucky coal mines bavin* exhausted a former competency, and left jpmembarrassed.Thetforauieofhiswifeis,however,Somerset case twenty-five years later, from over- ruling Lord Hardwicke's decision, and declaring from the Bench, that " the state of Slavery is of ".suchanaturethat.itisincapableofbeingintro- " duced on any reasons, moral o r political, b u twhere one looks for some tender pity for the hus- decisively. This invading army would not bein band she had deceived, a ludicrous pioture is pre- a state to undertake a regular siege; and f it" Merrick!" said the facetious Counseler So- than was ever before cast—the great strongholds bier to his Senior, when told that the jury had of either, party showing their full force—for iu*»mple and well-invested.WRT BELL s orrsiONS or PROMINENT REPUBLICANS. he thereupon, very reluctantly, pronounced tbematerialcanbe-safelylandediuEnglandsufficientto attack London, and at the saxuo thntf to besiegePortsmouth, then England is a t the brink of ruin,and no land-forts around Portsmouth can s a w her.As with Portsmouth,, BO with t h o other navalarsenals. Let the sea-fronts be made as strong asthey can; but oh tho laud-fronts, everything iswhen ia the article, of death, so M r. Douglas, politieally if not parsona ly in the samo predica- ment, eloquently informs t h e world of his o w n filial virtues. H e knows well that society is un- charitable; he i a av^are that his late progress apApears to ordinary- ty es something like an election- \ eering trip; and Jae hastens to correct this erroue-Mr. Bell sta^d that he regarded Ms. Sets/aid as the bead o f the .Northern party; Mr. Cuase a*»tep lower, and as for M r Bank*, he did not know exactly wnere «o plaee bim.*He regarded him asa man of ability, bat iisTfcws on national matters were not clearly delmed to hismind. ...decision in favor of the Jamaica slave Somerset,which has banished Slavery ever since from GreatBritain, and stands to -day a n unquestioned expo- measures manliness b y physical strength—the sition-of the law o f EDgland. W e s e e here thatCourts, even the highest, confess their o w n falli-HMr. Lincoln h e regarded a s a fair, candid, opeu-superfluous which goes, beyond keeping off t h eenemy far enough t o protect t h e dockyard from OUB impression^ A t Concord, N . H . , the othftrBecrsseBtaftves when he (Mr. Bell) was in the Senate. less ready t o overrule judicial dicta i a obedience t o Hfcft to hnmelf, M r. Bell had no fears about M r.lincoinjbutitwouldbethecounsel*oftheleadersof theclearrequirementsofEternalRight?ins party, Sewawi and others that he feared, andSS&'TOnW be fraugfat withiDJustice to the South and »ytft&al dapg&r to tne Union.knew no higher merit than to*cleave a Paynimfromskulltomidriff. Couldshehaveclaimeda bombardment,andsecuringitagainstafortnight'sday, ho inforoued the company that wheu he lef has beeu chosen Governor of Missouri The vote•*•<&&*. "W'-j'ft,/-. ••••••ft" only by positive law, which preserves its force seem inevitable, comes the fierce growl of a lustyCabarrus. . 877 429 Mo kknb'g...1,274 757" long after the reasons, occasion, and time itself, 11 whence it was created, are erased from the "memory. I t is so odious that nothing can be "permittedtosupportitbutpositivelaw."AndGuilford. ..2,121heat!)....... l,71CMontgonw^ryi 837Randolph.... 1,567 448 Warren Staolyv 1,0<55 89WavnwWilkeij. 1,419 614 Wilson.—fThe Opposition gain iu the Legislature, but ao• ifrom whom she is descended, who scorned readiug fcearted, eonanoiJ-sense man. H e was in the House of bility and amend their o w n errors: shall w e b e and writing a s ignoble a n d effeminate, and whooppositionto a UnitedState*Bank asinooa9^| nakedness,oflUBtmujtteftQhtholewho;havo.everDouglas ia the first orphan bent upon the race would be clow betweenC«F.JftCk**and she the daughter of the late Richard Hanbury Gurney, also a banker. The two fathers were first..'. BRITISH DEFENSES.donneednotbefortified inthe pedantic styieof Paris, for it will never have to stand a siege. T o defend it against a ooup-de-main, against the re-than this.afloatinregardtothisMrs. John Henry Gurney, which .culminated, a t length, in her elopement with her groom, William Taylor, She gives to the world now this defense. The position of her fam-ANOTLHERSAI>CASEOKDROWNING.—-Thomas theirownersthesecureandpeaceablepossession ily^thenotorietyoftheabandonmentofherhome, toanenemy'sfleet;andasitisimpossibletode- invasion,andthewholemightbedoneforsome-thatitundidallthatwasdone,orsupposedtobe3*ner»on B«dgett o f Nottb Carolina was drowned wLiS bathing at Cap* May, Aug. S. "We wouli rrcotua-on-l alt to examine an<i puxebase the L iy» 1*HK«KKVI.NO UARBB.NT». tiATHIM* DKKSSM,WAISTS,V'BJSTS,&0.,O*"the DXX.ANO LIMS/PKKSBKVINO COAT AM> V n r COMFAXY, No. 256 HXOMAW»J, Otipooite the City Hall.fend thewhole length.of coast,afew importantpoints, especially the naval arsenala-and dockyards,"Sovereignty"withregardtoSlaveryintheTer- andtheuniversal.interest,therefore,whichat- areselected. Theinteriorofthecountry.-istobe regular*and15,000volunteers; whilethewholeritories is but " the baseless fabric of a vision.^' taches to the whole affair, are reasons why we left entirely to its own resources. rest of the line, the militia, and the volunteers— Mr. Douglas's attempts to escape this conclusion, should not withhold it from the public.. That itis Now, when England once confesses that her say 80,060 line and militia, and 100,000 volun- especially in his Freepcrt speech, seem.to us to in- full of subtle poison we do not deny. Perhaps it wooden walls no longer protect her, and that she teers—would defend the intrenched camp arounddone, t o heal old animosities, t o quietto settle, the policy o f the Government.Douglas bill was in some sort a. wretched result of the Compromise Measures, inasmuch as their pas- sage showed that Dough Democracy was ready foe any humiliation, we admit; but that the two were alike, except as one monster is like another in the mere fact o f monstrosity, w o deny. And more than this: we believe those honest but wistakeaanduse ofthat property,atleastsolong asthe Territorial condition is maintained—then 4t Popularthe publication of such an apology for that act,thing like fifteen millions sterling;. Thedook-agitation* That theindeed, the fact that any apology should be offered,yaids would n o t absorb, iu aU, more than 70,000aceount of a visit to the home of John Bell. We se- volve him in the most dangerous and fatal incon- is so baneful that, like some poisons, it carries its must have recourse to fortification as a means of London, or accept battle in front of it; and whilelect the fbBvWiog extracts:MR. BALL'S ajiLiciocs HABITS.Mr. Bell and his wife axe members of Dr. Edgar's * Preebytemn Cbttrch. Mr*. Bell attends service qaite xeguiHiJy; bot Mr. Boll dtversiiies his religioaa devo- tiov» at ih«» Presbytery by occusiobally dropping in at theBaptistChnxch,wherehehearsgoodpreachiugsistencies. Tworightscanneverseriouslycon- ownantidote. But,werepeat,whensuchapolo- nationaldefense,itstandsto.reasonthatsheshould thewholecountrynorthofLoudonwouldremainflict; and, if any slaveholder has a constitufcionii gies are offered for the worst of social sins, itis first shelter from attack her naval arsenals—the at full liberty to organize fresh bodies of volunteersright to plant and maintain Slavery in any Terri- best that they appear where there may be some cradles of her fleet. That Portsmouth, Plymouth, and depots for the line and militia. The enemy men who supported the Compromise of 1850 havetad Been & good many of hie inflaeut^ corosthuents.Bisbabi1sarethoteoftemperance. Helivesea«yand settleallrightswhatever,andpractieailyenthrone asinthematerial. Menaresometimesbornwho andtoholdoutforareasonabletimeagainsta ,wouldhaveonlythechoiceeithertoattack-itand havepersonaltroublesenoughoftheirowr>,will<^>iafortab!y,indulgesinalittlefineoccasionally,bat thewiilofthestrongestaslaw. Lettheelave- havegeniusforcrimes,andwho.generallydieon regularsiegebyland,nobodywilldoubt. Butit-bebeaten,ortowait,andtherebyincreaseevery ratherresentthanotherwiseMr.Douglas'scharm-tot to any greater extent .han Daciel Weoeter or Ber- holders accept Mr Douglas's doctrine on this point, the gallows; and women are sometimes born so is perfectly ridiculous to call the providing for this day the difficulties of his position. ing and amiable imputation?, and will be inclined rien or Judge Phelps, or any other of his former Sena-torialcolleague. Sofura*drinkingisconcerned,he andtheywillfinditmoredangerousanddamaging possessedofonesinglemonstrouspassionthatthey .danger'asystemOfnationaldefense. Infact,in Insteadofthis,theGovernmentplanofna- torespondtothemmoreemphaticallythanpolite- is therefore jnetly esteemed a marvellously proper than the Wilmot Proviso. know no real life except in its indulgence. These order to elevate the scheme to this dignity, it a p tional defenses would bring matters to this pass, ly: "Fudge!" Mr. Doug'as in his new frame ofTn.flT». Although for many years a residem of Wash-ington,behasneverbeenkoo«nto"b^tckthet"rger;"and fuxthexmore, although he may have seen a smallelepbaot in hi* younger days, he is now the embodi-ment of stern and i:.flexible morality—like Sam Hous-ton, for instance. That he is a religious, temperate, cision makes his " Squatter Sovereignty." a hum- moral deformities* In this letter of Mrs. Gurney's,sented of an imbecile " Johnny on the edge of a "chair;"wheretheexpressionofsomelingering lODging for the children s^ie h a d abandoned wouldagreed in Ihe great muider case of TAs Com- stance:. monwealth v. John White Webster, "thereisPool. Ellto.. 8*7 289 Duplin.1,110 628 EdKe<5omb....l,(K>5, 127woman who had borne puny young ones to an almost incompetent husband. O f h e r paramour we fchould know from this letter, if w e did not know from other Bources, that he was an animal of noble proportions, younger than herself* strong, limbed, o f good stature, full o f blood a n d vigor. She can only say of him that he is a man; and shelike this seems to hava- impelled Mr. Douglas to451 Nash . 1 0 5 0 122strength of those old Gournai and L e Braii,/the social edifice. No reasoning can make such a lar^e forts are to do all; the number of forts mustbogus letter purportHorace Greeley, an^*'Mr.Otroloyba»**wa 'COlvod »uch a !f»t«r, nor 4 Ofcoursobok:.out til«b—We beg The i ;«ertions. Mr. Gree letter from Gov. Se•paraded rn the n»'vi "him,and(heiscon jSeward. But a*- tc may not have wr.tt published^ h e Lao. \ jbrmation. Suffice private letter from &.hasnot; atdwh made a lucky gnettentsofanypiha point on which he liosity.We are awu; that however h ehimself by hi* acr.o conspiracy, he ha* i attempt to defraud matter or in any odt intention he is a tho purpose 'as an.A1,;ei We had believed fa attack on the trea*a should be feiy hap| it will certainly raq>i to reinstate Mr. t^'a in the public eo»fi»*tl—A meteor wa* *^ T., en lbs evening O'clock, in the >*o: t i* Couree fn:u S.E. nebula, 6 inches; leu vello^i&h white: tic 12 aecouds.—The«un«ttvenu passed over Evensbu Duncg na trancit, az.d leftatrainof fromthehorizon,it 10 stcoLds. After u—Thetamee^en meteor appeared at i paeeedinahori/.^n about 20' above th about15.incheslong, diameter.—The same eveuin o'clock, a meteor a horizontally North, a alongauddistinctt it paated w»« 30 Was from one-h ill t O—The eame eveain Pa,, at 32,minute« pa eouthern borizoo, -TUgrees west of north ondsinpiisring,of# appeared to divide:>utudo was 10°.—The same eveaCounty, N. Y., a passed from a Utile a north. It con»i*t«*d closely followed arm jMnaller site. It was quaiteisof amii\i\ii' THOMAS G. HAIL < voted for the Jspa tureronasmall?v:d< avenue. Hl»addr«8311 Rias a journeyman in—-0OV.MorgH': fewtakoaapartment!., ,r;Understand, Mr.M.,that weobject toMr. aremora)monsters. Neitherintellect,norability, pearstohavebeen necessarytomakeitfarmore thatiftheforces ofEnglandconsisted,of90,000 mindmaybeinlovewith.,everybody;butitdoes Douglas's two positions that they are i.i:^coi:cila- nur beauty, nor power ofwill, nor power of charm- complicated and expensive than was required for line and militia and 115,000 volunteers, the gar- not by any means follow that everybody will beiable—that his acceptance of the Dred Scott De- ing, can gloze o=er the essential character of such the"meie protection of the dockyards.A country like France o r Spain, which is ex-moral, and benevolent man is conceded on every side. bag. O n e o r t h e other may b e right; both can- running through i t from begiunlng t o end, per-risons would, at least, absorb 25,000 regulars love with him. The dead men who cannot epeakand 35,000 volunteers, having for tho field in the scorn which, if ihey were alive, would le*p posed to invasion on its land frontier as much as to which to defend Londoo, 65,000 regulars and 80,000 from their passionate lips, must aulmut to- Mr.navalattacksanddescentsonitscoast,isobliged volunteers,while35,000menwhomightbevery Douglas's-patronage,-,butthelivingobjectaoC>bis to make its naval depots fortresses of the first badly wanted on the day of battle, would be late-born love need not, byeconsidered: very hard- rank.Toulon,Carthagena,Genoa,evenCher- sittingquietlyandunmenacedbehindstonewalls hearted,eventhoughtheyshoulddeclinehisDTK. BELL ON T U £ PREaK«*T CAMPAIGN.Mr. Bell expressed hid view* freely about'•• the pres- ent political cootes'. He considered t h e principles o f the party he represented the bost for tbe interests of the country at huge. All the other candidates, he said,representedsectionalinterests,withtheexcepionof Douglas,whom he coubidered an infinitely morena- tional man than Breckinridge. H e preferred Douglas's Eon-ioterventfon doctrines to the disunion doctnnes o f Mr.BTeekinridge. Heh*dbeenwrirtentoonthesub- jectofafusionagam»tUnco»n,buthehaddeclined to interfere on the subject, advising his friends in the different porrionsof the country to act as they thought bestintheirseveralsections. Sofarastheyadhered to principle in any arrangement they might make to defeatLincoln,bewouldadheretothem;"butwhen they departed from principle," he said with emphasis,** I am no longer with them.." ' ,MR.BXLLASA SLAVEHOLDER.notbe. vadingitlikeapungentessence,isonesingle,sen- —And now to the Republicans and their attitude timent— " I love, I love, a n d I love." H e r song towardtheDredScottDecision: hasnootherburden,hermusicnoothertune.In1697,andagainin1702,theBritishCourtof "Ilove,Ilove,andIlove."Shebelievesinnobourg,maybesubjectedtothe'combinedattackwhichnobodyhadthoughtofattacking.Butnotcaresses. King's Bench (Chief Justice Holt) pronounced institution of man that checks orhinders the free which destroyed the arsenals and dockyards of only would this army be weakened by 35,000 men,the correct and righteous decision that there " is way of her desires. She scouts the'traditions of Sevastopol. They ought, therefore, to have a very " nosuchthiogasaslavebythelawsof England." herchildhood and thefaith "ofherfathers when strong land-front with detached forts tokeep the Yetin1729theAttorney-General(Yorke)endSo- theyhintatrestraint. Religionisathingonlyto dockyardsoutofrange'ofabombardment.But licitor-General of the Crown gave a written opin- be gibed"and'scoffed at, if it limits lust. She has this does not apply to England. Supposing even• NOJ&Kfft «;*KOI H A :notrustinGod,1exceptthatshemayappealto Himastheauthorandapproverofhergreatpas-thatanavaldefeathadlor.amomentplacediuficered and inexperienced volunteers to a fight in- theopenfield,anditwouldthus-fightincircum- stancesverymuchle?sfavorablethanthoarmyfour Counties, comprising about half the popula tionoftheState,sumupasfollows:ionthatnegroes,legallyenslavedelsewhere,mightbeheldasslavesinEngland; andin1749Yorke,(now Lord Hardwicke), sitting as Judge, pro- sion. There is no other sentiment in this long an invading army, landed on British soil, could nouncedthisdoctrinefromthebench.Butthat letterbutthesentimentoflust. Itstaresout neverdependuponthelibertyofitscommunica-I860. ...0,.3(K448/i«iv4211 8 5 8 .doubtEngland'smaritimesupremacy;eventhenEllis.... Pool..Eilis. Mcline28(2r*,.19,564was, nobody iu his senses would expect the in-vadertogoandsettledownquietlybeforePorts-mouth and to waste his resources in a length-ened siege, instead of marching straight upon Lon- "country and experience religion." Something don, and a t once provoking a decision on the mainissue while his moral and material ascendency is a tits hight. If it comes to that, that troops aud infancy;, and, as Falstaff babbled of green fields382 N. EUnover.. 1,549 174 Eockingham..X,lS7regularsiege.Butifweatetojudgefromtho homehisonlyobjectwastomakeapilgrimageOur attitude toward the Dred Soott decisionis Roman descent, she would have sighed, in likeessentiallythatoftheRepublicansof1799toward manner, for^the RapeoftheSabines. Faugh!theSeditionLaw,aftertheSupremeCourthad neverwaBthewordloveusedtocovermorelicen- TheLondonTimes,thereisto.beagreatwasteof thatthepaceatwhichhehasadvancedtowardthe (startedattheeleventhhourasaBrookinrtfgeestimates, and from some plans respecting the pro- poseddefensesofPortsmouth,whiohhavegotinto"thescene*ofhischildhood."Itmustbeadmitted in hisfavor. Thevote for Hancock Jack^oaUntitled Document" o f d e n y i n g t h a t t h e W f a f g s w e r e e n t i t l e d t o t h e"exclusivecredit ofthosemeasures.There is no good in mincing the matter. Let the " nished the generals—we the majorities." Whatalmost say heavenly arrangement! "Poor, dear"brotherClay! howI didlovehim!" saysonebattleI-Theyfuriit would bo deprived of a fortified position out ofwhich itcouldnotbe drivenexcept bya regularsiege;itwouldhavetoexposeits80,000badlyof- ifanyexceed5,000. Theofficialvofcvofthirty-placed as above described.EUDGEI.i" nothing for you and me to do but to go into thoAnson.... B*auf"rt.EM«.PooL 1,358. 197leave the ecencs of his iafamy for the scenes of his444 874 136 1,201389 919 113willbeclosebetweenhimandClaiborneF.Jackson " totho grave of his father "—" a quiet -visitto (regular Dem.), but the chances, aswe write, are/*&*''•'•• -•»'.'.' .-, ,. .',!>{ ' i:•••' '•' ( I ijsJ v-y*p:- •'' • :' •S ' ••.'• •-•: :r1admirably domineered over his affections. &t*'$#%;jD- theirvroar. Mr.^ouglas, if not a celebrseed, h atpurity of tb<> Bsllot-hox. 0Mr.Douglastoquotethose acts-aspr<MjedectaforWe doubt that Gov. Elli«'s majority w3I muckEllis'smej-~4,027The vote of the State is at least' 10,000 more7VJenough t o give them a majority in either House.Unless the Telegraph shall bring us disagreeable news before this sheet reaches the press, we shall rest in the hope that Jud$e SAMPLE., ORR (Union)Eliis'smsj...8,543Ecpab«*"»* < * • » 'Warda.I..E. DLt..l,aS?, *r$&t*<*9.n::r.*?•'•'-'-.~'i :AP':. . ., .. •. ,, --— '-•'-••••• -•••-••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 