 'Willif\gi^fcijh». asd paramount righu of the with insurmountable difficulties, to remain onletfor the best. But I turn nevertheless, my eyesiSliqfcycitea ttuliraSkm^intatltamrntSr^e. fisedtheoi aoL Itta aatonr bcethreB, aor too ooaidaat wfeerewbiahattMalaf tha said tre«7 has far Us bads.-URXK nHni <«OKo» vntoo, bsq.a omeeotdeep lamt to Jha thatha tfdoot takea tlia Ufa of Ltitrtj.. Ip^ he iMired from thecans of tbeei^to,Wd,baks ealtttof a de-iMtDg taken which Beeaasway lead la that laaalij The eleettoa of Soon and HooiNB will aiMat them.Bseaaha V(«a^melsnchojy vited. nce^^JIbmlshes the (Sw Incidents that had trans-Inbad «o precedent on file to lead them.theytiU a way shall be opened. It was an easy thingand, good Godalready a foreign nation ;SSBM^^ Da;rsr|imenLdoingthis,The prob-!"'•^arous <anw».He Vm^potk gimt^; gl^tttgMjT lowmg »> tw».' VM theKt was held in New-Tork ise toDxab Sib:Gazma, has just aSer returned.i fc^^ifeple hfte duties to peribrm, as well as in mWnighthis trip tsl mait,ea PorHoaL Her.tMmdatheir brethren at the probation.I do not propoea to defend the measures of theThe of the questionFotT Bncaxaaa, Aaisevi, ITuesday, Dee. 20, 1859. ) The dUEcuIUes of our sister State, Soaora, thlckaa.nrach to admire and veryAs to the " speenlatlons " at Colombia relative tothe idea thai onr General Gor- fisnsive.of you. Oa what evU ws havebllt Company, under the transfer of tha rights ofttemiffoiM''ifl "htn* familiar acqoaintance. But fordgf ImUms snd matters properly national,them, on the ground of Insanity, did mndito eaaaaoa his extended reputation as a lawyer. His pen" aaaNational "the Guard(?) to a weremarked He•eapi^^'liniTanxiously walling the result.On the 1 5th Gov. PisqnsaA was enlisting men for— "—would like torid of them,Pniss. ahlah repel foreign invasion." by great vigor. cemplled two vol* By some this Is tmdei'stood to mean the United umes of Reports of Ded^ons In the Court of Cos*^hji* f 'i(t*y fte generalof indnstry which consists in raising crops of rice,a colored population (I will not call them by a name which has recently become so offensive) isthat they must be removed, peaceablygreat fortwarance, and there Is a point when this for- uearance will cease to be a virtue. Your Excellency will aJiEO recollect that fie late war which was so suwesffully ffaged by the United iStites against Mexico, was precipitated in consequence of the mur- der of Lieut F. H. PosTCE, and other acts of likedo so till 1 reach tbe ofmust age sixty."u a Bh in itself, but as an institution es- santiidia^the course of civil affairs. Hence, the koT^very is a question of policy, and theWhere istie sand, busilyped to sfralght boanls with thefr hoods of mattingSlavwyengaged polishingk,lo.ab<dish it or continue it, as they deem beat ia the exercise of a sound discretion.ifwas refreshing to see one square, short subject, bare, all but his blanket, pacing up and down, smoking, afaiatfaren^ntheylows.that an insane bachelor, under aiiy emergency, couldthoughhis physicians, confirmed, still it is not at all aallkely that he will make the Eteraal City his resMeaoe fsr the future.Letters from Egypt announce the artivV at Alexandria of the Count de Paris and tte Daka da.op, and,dissatisfied,We marked li^iaanextraor^nary a^in one of the countrv. and a dis- partthe South,disseminate libelousnot, amongBut there were babies, plenty of tliem,of a serious character, is not. In the of opinionaad incendiary pamphlets, through their agents,the action of parties to remove them? No.Government that if it 3U, 18d3, the Supreme agreesnatorallaw and older, and to spread a scene of devastationtendencyto violate allblack eyes, round fat cheeks, and in-Excellency to showI •'* \»rdaring those times, when abodeIjMjpJdaliyt traok all obSgations to observehis execution, a ConventionMr. Bhtoi,» in otherrespects,at whichhighly respectable, attended, and joined in the ap-1 oweyour kind letter. It was handed lo me just as 1 wasabout to leave Charleston, aad I have beea ilnce too having the power of only about two Isthmus mules.andin that class; but my heart being filled with grief ou account of tlie latter, my pen has run a little lotu that distress Let conflict. Men who feel themselves us, bov.evef, hope for more cheering times. Yet, be toir- ss it rr.ay, aiiu whether our duties be several ormade known—if possible, but removed at any rate.thinker, that she cannot breast the moderate trade-wind you an apology for not earlier ackaowledging that Is blowing Into the harbor; her englaeaehlei;toeoaetude the atwie^'nBjrpaasaaaed great ability andmm „^afa»WifblMiu Utoy aboUsh it, I do not see how they are to act It is rule, yourer if the calcnlstjoas wars hrongU d»wa to a tatscand their chief- tka gtdda and direction of pablicany part ^^^^^^to solve was new. They did their The local governments had asparse a population;but even then they foundprotection. Copies been served onla«tl|ig|jMiI iwiependent jurisdictionIinterests of tbe'wholeof theSiv Dec. FxASOUoo,CsL,16, 1859,;Bss negoUatedthe purchase of Arizona at (10,000,000It is well known here that the Juarex govemmeat West) is now estimated to be exaefly a,8eo,taa.had •"WOrk topresent with insurmountable difficultlae. If theand those days of general harmony may never return. What an awftU position for South Carolina, as well ashas Informed the Administration at that WashingtonbyJsossaditheImllililimi HmBO iilliT H>liil of confederated government, and merly before this sxcitement took place.p«ipi»aiand the North, respectively, manage their own con-poorly-did aeLipce^e acdqnol'tliamytaiien your respective aides, and I must follow out(Wedasadsyfthecapactty. aetion.apoa jaleaee^it.vaoidnocent, used-up fribe,harmless asenlistment was before he could have heard it.The "plain jkfM MMltheyOae would more treatypart of the country.»*'f'^ mayallusions been made la recentIn this respect it resembled ImperialDiet of Germany, controland take care of themselves, as they did for- Thus I have shown that the effects of Emanci-pationwill none of the expenses attending it, but will payonly indulge in ^ofessions of high-sounding phi-"Lands lotrr&ected by a narrow frith.Abhor each other. Mountains ioterpoeea Make enemies of nations, whtrb bad else. Like kindrsd drops, t>een mingled into one."1(Jcernslocal districts In their political Ifitliad done so, if it had directed itsyourof the Constitution will serve to ex- aMWmatten which have been involved inthefrby punishment, as they continue stealingIt will serve to show the Govenmient, and to illus- totis $i6fjrnslb|y the duties of the people indi- fUmlSlf^jiW^ BBodates in all matters withinthe task I hadrtlflli llltj pomr'ai^Be^'QmieralThu^J have finished myself,proposed O. Woon.of personshaveBlaTaiywnnci la the proper sense of that term, but im-From humane cent iderations like these, the posts Inhas frequently produced intense serve order in the neighborhood, to capture but not toneRwespefartoemdGuaymas,thoatvhieng whichwasmade protesta civilized community in which Slavery deea i)St,exl8t, ai>d where that kind of labor wouldIw it would be highly impolitic iBwilillllMiiiiilii.excitement, but never before was it of a dangerous inforced. 1 Slate what I know, and what I kill the natives. partlymentpoUtie/Ucharacter. NowinThe Ckiunt deMsrquls de Galllffet has been narrated by '-Mai*-alreadyin ex-to work—hence they find it convenientto save &e lives of their captives taken in war,and to compel them to engage in agricultural a dissolution of the Union. Admitting that they arenot mistaken in their confidence, is It not manifest that an alienatito Is rapidly sprtnging up which willConstitutional Government viilempl,oyforthe exter-have been stolen from the miners of '49, or aTliis and other acts so disastrous to Mex- ico. It has always been the desire of the Unitedcompelladmination of the bandits who ruin the country in themight mere heapcast-off men's clothes, or, except a shawl, nothing. From thefr gestures, it seemed probable that a distri-precipitateda war whichprovedwho has just accepteCthe diargeof theEvaogaltcsllabor. W*have just referred has been cohcluded, with -Jie object of amplifying and extending some of tiie stiDuiations ofthetreatiesofApril5,liHl,anlDec.30,18iJ.ico In a prosperous condition;but at that de- presentn<ira trace the origin of Slavery. It grows aiat otthe necessities and interests of man-sire on tiic part of my Govemmeat appears not to begratified.Bexico was never In so distracted and unfortunatebeen favored with aa Interview Mr. Aldermaa bySalomons, who expressed his profotmdsympaQiywlBl him. Be has sent In his application to the Board ofsembly. A requisition Is now in course of signature, addressed to ihe Board, In which this body is respect- fiilly, and by most powerful arguments, urged to com-with the of the petitiouer. requestthe of feelingstheiror two feetwould have tatCie fine-looking fel-T/ieseo( Arizona have, under the hands of Americans, be-and thefr resources are now „ „trustTlieymenting excitement, Intca&tfylng hatred and increas- ing agitation. The two prominent parlies have pushedlocked in a life and death which must whomwttjngalCnitiaaed tolookuponas shining struggle,tobeing fully developed.sneooraciBg the slaves to rebel against their ma!>-time become force necessary, nillltdryhave kissed.withgun alreadyprosper,— %Ha theof which iscompelled, bytheiranyB^ita tfTJmL nur^'"^ in their pathway to of either must inflict a;ha^Maldla- fn». Whaa tfa« iDaperar OiAaua the tWk nade capUve the gnat Be- CorBaroflhatdn.to a (taenia aad aaoilT apirtt hesetUaiftaa. Bat.uheadwieedkilifeandtteas " waeasdesJliUI. wft,fMtliBt hearted. apMheti,are aaf Am pasIM eqaaUtraa* raeiareeUyIato gtare mote time <e SaaPraads- 00, aad. beteta leavlag It for gnod, lo see aU its bears. 'D.^ P. BBZaar has beeo appolated admhiisirataT of''-^r alarit,mostofhlidtyprope^IsoathedellaquentwutmauunA.'I placetowaids citizens of the United Sutes. Butloyalother In bloodydo notprivate»tauau><becaaw noiiewtd arflta feoatical aniilt. it became to-day, or to-morrow, or this yearrtta slaps are ai%Aflist The- fssuma Petar aitlth cl.dB oovers a deal of his ea^l% swtfc jjat reasoa It Is urged The Daek bat to have It'aU W^ttdifeught ia "tn thethe eoafiddaee of he Under their Tinraai andttipa-tial ..«- aifcH^ J. lUTWoaD, which ter, he regretted thathe had tochaunt his prsiaes admlDlstraliSB, the spirit of UlrteeaMss wffi be re-awner,"Col. Fasaon Is at^lask In Mil pecsesstaB of his> -kfMjr pmnaa in Unas, publiebedvotee,sedoded himaar«ilfhiB tka wallaof a clois-nattoo.that leertilts are wanted fortha ArtlUerr. This Is IteiaIMaiilfMdBginTror. tifwuejtonetobeableandIH*flil1l rtoM^AtotheGodofwmnj-withoathavingdyedingday, appealed on a lawyer's qulbUs from the SessisasWM,1 tfWa, xtfpaMinfTothisla every leetloa of thenewbrigades. The IsS height requfredfor men between 17 sad 18 between IS and 30. Thetit," sad It Is heUicglmeatil systaa of iMJaiirtiaMremaiiBbls for in ttuU respect tlie the Yice-PreaideDt. It is re- n^daemnnit which ihowa a deeppatriotic work all true mea of all parties, Union, sre moat eaneatly In-J. w. satZge. Chairman of the Scott Coaimlttae.tt(•rtkolarlrhis' buked, fralenalhands in faaman gOre. To the same spirit must De resumed, and there wiu aot remain the AMdow ofl«rgs mlalng claim,hhxt. TheJudgeTerrycasewasverysnddealy,yester-tbattecmlliagfarthalesraetraced the infuriated massacre "ofSt. Bartholo- anezouseforaaenthaentofdlsunloa.edbenyaalefday.The subjolBed latter from oar Correspoadeat at Asdesiretoflu(heBut we need not resort examplesforto the Supreme Coort. It wintimes, Ukely, before the main issue reached.Wethsas bocmty offered Is f)'glgthe interesta and tiie misfortunes of pose.'Cat cal transaction was once generous~^,'aiiiidst excited party feelings, and the mark the change. With deep dissimulattoo andmatbematies, a«., is saebas toalBost aay postUoBIa etvll lift 000- his twelsan^ aenlee.and brave-hut _ I which are so prevalent. with apparent friendship he gams the confidence <rfmonjngr under steam, at 8 o'clock, A. M., There has been no raia for two weeks. for Porto BeUo, to take m water, bnt anchored two orflttha sMhala'a "-r"T°- mill nswuil afsrlth the first American_f'wai ^iMealsrir struck with his obserratlon, that unsuspecting community.GLAUCU3. ARIZONA AND 80N0BA.Capt. Porter's Operatlaae at Gnaymaa-Uot**toof this spirit. The sceneshistoryenacted at Harper's Perry are enough for our pur-We are told that the leader in that diaboU-GEN. 8COTT ON DISUNION.utrrut raoK aaa. aeon dcbisq thi vuLuncA- Tioa ooMTKOTaBaT or 1832.SavAirau, Dae. H, IStt. Yoa have an excellent memory to remind me, after so loeg an taterval, of ray prom-visit you when next on a tour to the South, andAsrarwuL, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 1880. The U. 8. steam flag-ship Bauulu left thisOf a sodden, and hour, their peaceful and quiet was chan«d to a scene of slaughter. Afterthree miles outside the harbor, where she now (10 P.M.) lies at anchor. It may be that she has broken apiece of her machinery. It Is more probable, howev-The 'to approve olhisproceedings,clergymeo,BKBte afPeeqalen—The Pretest af Farter.constantly In moUDO (to Augusta, and back here) to South. They aia marked with violeiice and angry allow me to write.present rightoccupancyBut there are some matters in extenua- wilb. Theiy was one view, how- tion vvbich ooght to b* looked at. Tlte North is I coald not exactly coincide. Ho The Booth has iieen on the de-.feeling.aggreeaive. acting"ibe object of my visit to Charleston at this moment," The deciaioD as to whether the North Atlantic Com- CapL Poaraa accepted of a kind of half permlssioa sebTwheaer they have aeoc^ptad. VMrsaaaapeeiadna attaddng party ia alwaya to blame,pany,paitr to return, but It was coupled with a dental of their right te laake the survey, ss isguaranteed to them by the Juarez Mr, goverameat.would not stop there. When one memtier an attempt should be made to cause their emigra- tumble in. Out of the broken fragments new combi-tion when freed,the North will not be to nations will arise. We should probably have, in-willing receive them, and in Canada, where there are com-—a South- stead of one, three confederacies Northern,em, and a Western reimlon—and traosmontane Vir-often employed in writing articles forthe^tthe United States directly in their leave them alone for the present. Let the South is darklanthrophy,anyindisposition.;.tagonismpartyby Capt.of-war St.'Than fly to others that we knowMessagesimplyonly a week mules from the Saiura, E, <Md U. Company, at Arivaca. This makes forty aDlaials they have taken from this company within six months.ofPoana. of the U. 8.to Gov. PisucisaA, of Sonora^ we give here the docuyBear those Bis we have,settlements,and occa- sincetook five;finish up the stock In'* PaBSn>BNTUI.. -*^iia»^attempt to seize them. The President, I preiume, have no friends, of course all the robbery, violenceCAPT. PORTER'S PROTEST TO GEN. PES- QUIERA.Frtm the San. Fremcitco BvUetin,to calculateindispe^nable. I^perience May not the same cause, a supposed wrong, acting for the private aflecUons, and that I m.-.y ever standhas shown that the wronged, black race, accustomed to slavery, will not workstopprofitcr-mini-n, I tti:iU alwayshave a in bssom place rayin a climate which relaxes upon and curates the faculties, and which renders'.character, byico was overrun and conquered by a handful of Americans, and the war resulted in the loss to Mexico of New-Mexico and California, and when the wUole oftheconqueredcountrylayatthefeetofthe.Ameri- can forces, the United States did not forget to act with clemency and magnanimity towards Mexico. Since then, American citizens in large numberswhen Qee,especiallythe same race of men, produce the same effect T The nearer vicinage, the closer union will shorten the time and Increase the carnage. It will be remem-in the cid relation lo you. Is the sincere wish of your frlBLd, WlNFIELIi SCOrX.end childrenMexicans. In a Mex- very shortperiod,The bill referred t, wa^, that South CaroIiD.i would consider ihe arrival within her lim ts of United States Tltereisanotherviewofthesubject,ofsomeim- beredthatthehealingmeasureswhichwfrerejected troop«.ssthecommencementofherseparateexistenceThey were landed on the north beach,aropesfretchedaroundthesand-bankon which they lay, and a guard of half a dozen men with rifles took charge of them. I visited the motley com- pany just before dark. They lay in gioups about lit-to blm to turn to account for her. Shethat having h^n oa Intimate terms with M. Gadrat, shehadhandedhimthetitlesonhispromisetomake the produce more than three per cent, interest thefr Intimacy tiad ceased, and he decUoed to return the securitie-i, on the pretext that he had giveh her different sums of money amotmting to more than tha value of them. The tribima] condemned him to pay her'2,079 francs.Dr. James McClIatock, formerly President of thethem talent.'Francisco yesterday.represeatedpermanentspokenof are asduskynegro's;theirlong straightfor her liberties, and at thatmoral influences, but her citizens tookcan be preserved by force ?quirederous heart would wish for, orOurs is a Union of friendship as well as common in- terest, and like all other fiieno^hips, its very essence is free will.had bis hafr cut off, as if with the barber's shears moie often itlookcd as if the owner of a shock had bit it off when It became inconveniently long. For clothes, the men wore gray shawls, old trousers thatpart yet,In herthe of Professor of the Princi- accepted sppomtmentlecture to the class on last. Tuesday eveningSomepersonsscoff at the idea of theofofthat a New-YorkwouldChurch, atSigner Hortara Is in London where he hiafiiiiUabes labor, where labor cannotaa ftnpwtaBfcadvance, in the course of civilization. process already commenced Where is our " domes- above msntiuned, cedes to the United States, in per-hhid. ItotfaeiwlM 6e<ttifaiiied, and is one advance, and clares our Union Is established t,destroy every objectfor which the Constltntion de-our as an Government,butionofiMguentwn kydrargj/riwould have beenIf wa iifapftheie viewe of the subject, which I tUak a^p^efeefl; correct, we shtJl not considerpetuity, the right of transit across the Isthmus of Te-buantepec, from oae ocean to the other, t; any routsthat may be now or herealter opened, both Republicsonr "general welfare," when combinations are enjoying the advantages which these meansof com- nately her le^s with a brick. The pappooses, strap-ticits hideous bead In onr peaceful borders ?she looked nearer one hundred and was forty—trampled uponiwajfiaa^ nq^ tion of " the lliserlles of ourselves and our posterity,"tiaaa opI.c^Uaty opt distinguished by very trans- becomes a where prison,California,1 he former but a few years ago was a terra incognita,di^ataitt Is yet qualified to rank among tha ataia.'"bytranquillity,"facesquat U|ionownly formed in one part of our common countrymunication may furnish.Provision Is made for the establishment of two• on Hoa- day night, Mr. Edward Macready, a son of the emi- nent fragedlan, made his dl&ul ss Chnde Kehuttt, ia the"Lsdy of Lyons." Tha manner la wiach tha character was sustained evidenced ooasiderable at-loahaa wisely left it to the State Gov- kvuwedlyto destroy the Interests of another? Is•' of use os theprojecting" rictonViAt the TheafreRoyal, Ballaarat,east and one on the our Government not im- posing any duty on the goods which pass ucrosi the l.-)thniUB, always provided that such goods be uot in- tiaoriii^kiy ffi>g[tes<. In physical improvements tasteful statute is reviled and obstructed In another, tended for consumption within the Mexican Reputi- wa strides. A set of men have and our country, iasiead of a fortress for the protec- lic. The free franslt of the malll-bags of the UiUted States continues to be permitted, the bags being.-tention and stddy, but failed to convince n 'our common defence"may the nation stands ready to join the Invader? "Jus-ex-strengthened.tice" Is not established, when an obnoxious law IsWTODg ia out InstltatioDs.The Inten of onr Bevohition, when they formednot demonstrative. Itand the rich minerals inearth are useless andThen permit me to draw your Excellency's atten-tion lo those sections of country formerly Mexican and now under the Government of the Umted States of America— New-Mexico and Arizona.little and a and culture, wandering grazingbut at present, by the aid of an industri- ouR population, it has become one of the most power-andiiiiiilniir aTifllllw. nlm have discovered that all is all are sacrificed to the passions and madness of a At the before mentioned ports are to be esublishedtouchofoat or to aay palfeaey regardilfcalfMlmay beconsumptionwithinthe Mexican;reached London that liis1 1 have alluded to, nUgloas fanaticism,im have al-extraordinary patri- For this purpose they have misrepresented what Isfreedombut from the moment when such goods asindustry; colleges, schools, and arts ana sciences haveto render his Presidency effective.deeply;Intended forall been establishedand In these she Is not behind ahopes Intelligencekoed wIsBotto be,t<rferaladfiirBmoment. Hence, with- to abstracUoBS. In their zeal to feed arid fan thethe rightsliberties ofw bmtottiafew.This sad state of things Is produced by conflictingand breadth, came up to the physicaliful States In ourwith those of the old worldentrantre and storage of the goods or merchandise be- a CoBTeaiiDD'to frame a Constitution, regulated, in opinions which have slept side by side for half a cen- longing to American citizens, or to thote of anybeighthvery flattering compliment from his townsmen of the dty of Nimes. The honorary Presidency of thebeen offered to him, tlio Academy of Nlmes having IdnaoT iiqppitaat particulars, the of Slavery '' subjectb}CtH% Teiy regulation impliedly adopted ^that doBiM#"K-i:|in|sMd*timtimQino,n,aanndd-al"lowed its continnturr, and Would have slept quietly and harmlessly to- other mrelgn country, free from tonnage duty, or anyseveral very stout-looking men,began like a Webster at the head, and maintained theher commerce has in- creafed beyond the most exaggerated Imagination ofgy partisans to gain a party advantage, to heap odiummay be necessary for tiie carrying and storing of the said goods. They may be reembarked with perfectwhich he accepu-Wthe M. Guixot appointment,an adversary, or to assume otism to theBoselves.and seemed to be badly foreshortened all the rest of thetolerat^sucha union.struggles,navy,almostPractice ofSurgeryCollegehas aot the when armed violence dares to raisethiscongress in his efforts to bring his case before that as-Nay,gratefullyher brcs-'t she seemed aot over forty, by her;Deputies, solicitingbodyand loss.but it was of no two hundredprobabilitynsme of religion.Tne treaty of commerce and transit to uhlch we spurn unleES hard pressed. The women wore the States of America, and still Is her desire, to see Mex- '-.-flames of party hatred, they have kindled anre whichthreatens to Involve the country in the conflagratloo.Varlv has produced the evils we deplore. Can we Hon of an agreement contained In the treaty of Dec.Americancitizenshaveaccomplishedsomuch safetyatRome,uU the vkomeu, one for California. New- Mexico and the new Territory view with the Pope. The illness the Cardinal, al-to aremayandndn: JUaid, (trange to say, some clergymen, each other with brutal rage. Their horns are now tioned routes, which Government shall also employtinue till the Presidential election andcessityto dothis,which is notbyB«n,andtion to this, in drivingAmerican cllizens fromMex-very nature, to go on fo-atmay be employed for the protection and securily of person and property passing across the before-men-vmt, iiiilii<ilia aiaaetiiBe marked with a spirit of knonledfe of the nominees. States the right of way or travel through our territory, armed guard.patched this ship two thousand miles merely to make campaign an annual pay of.IOO,000£. As ao Eoropesaveageanae. 'VhM^apMt,when once it takespos-They are ontrammeled by any Platform bnt that of from the city of Matamoras, or Camargo, or otherthe laws of tlieir country. Bound to the creed of no convenient i>oint on the Rio Graade, State of Tamau- To-morrowrcem- an empty protest and a continuod violatioa of treaty money is current in China, the enedltton has carried this wretched, dusky company :session of will convert an thigrlilfllMtiaind,Mendocino Ueservatlon—where the obligationswill bring on Sonora and a se- with U and silver for me which Guaymas gold ingots paymentsangel the of theinto a iemtm of oestnictloB. Its bad party, uncommitted to any clique, and free from all lipas. to port Mazatlan, at enfrance of the barks for thevere affliction, which I hope your Excellency will It will have to make In the Celestial Empirs."flight qual- snch ss are furmshed by lo.-ig lives of Gulf of California, and from the Rancho of Nogiles, United States has ttiea are not all exhibited at pledges, exeept or other convenient to the of potandlejg, .^iMniing experience are set at theTheThe Congress ef the United States reserves the every body is sfrengthenprotest.aFrench comedy was performed.Attorney-General Phillips,i f l II rtaW to a lofty eminence of aglaaadIntelligencem them as rewards for past services, buthis title to hisown braceorstay. Againstalarge dlse accompanying the treaty such as It may consider of claims a tax-title is a sure defence. Hencelav, haMpaoawii from his eagle height with ta- —-falihfiil servants. It Is because they have been foundof opposition, and Impartialvarietyon aand falling broke his right arm. The CommonwealthCourt » as adjourned over for tbe day. aad ys^enur momfrig it took up the civil Instead of the oiifUaalaea~am hii career, he becomes more Al haadvaSt the points to be fixed by the Governments of thebytelegraph1^ ]fov.'„ Conservative men of the UnionLImantour has droppedArticles 14 and IS of the treaty of Aprils, 18»i,are premises, 'he dty, to a certain extent, becomesamplified In the stipulation reiatlva to thteo tehxercciitiszeenosf him a party to resist the swindle.rave sgalsat of oariba vital latarestsTharwiMaioalla yoorean, "TM DalaaUaotU daagar." Heedthemoat! Thao^fcitmaywrtperishaa ease shaUeltiaeBs of thsUalted States la residingceraltlBC U Caaa4a llsr <bo BrilUh -^^laa BUaiawn ia Barap. ._parailTeladbMtTazadaalaOaaa«"a~a^taeIMte4 8ta>«a. Cmnapntme* tf tt. Vm-Ymk Khm.Qoaaso, Monday, Jsa. % IHH Placards have just been issued here annovaate'Theirsrbolebonoced aimes ooouaaodAsplawaU— Oaae—dha Orlaaha.wlU hJS It ratheria||p t)^.Onr bntdefenaivameaaarasare aemeUmes azensabie, pleasure seeing so days >n event RosxsTs and the old Hall shall occupy It, a consolidated goTenuDent. lalien,my good frfenil,when oomraon-place Company,^Is somewhat complicated, arising and alwaya palliating, more especially as in this gives rise to conjecmre or speenlatton I can truly was decided la (sTor of the North Atlantic CoapanyiaylngU,bavessta>meara«poaiii|ill'aMrlts^«l-tte nrioaa and miiltiplind i^ki which pre- ta4hs ffNnen af that CoBstita- tCMDt Om aatore of the case, the sfanplicitT, but of combination.the htaaea of the Southern people have assure yea. that no one has lelt mors wretched thancaae,^b*abeen violated by the introsiaB of iaceadiary youraad possession ordered tot e given to thom at 6 P. M.to-day.The Orustc, wUh the V u>ted States malls, arrivedat Panama at I P. H. tcday, and the JVort* Star wUlcolatloa, aad they have shewa that sHilla aaitf tta 'pamphlets, and the most sacred and delicate rela- tions of life have bean diaturlted—that, t«o, by a people who ought to have exercised firatamal feel-entertained a high admiration for the history and character of South Carolina, and accident or good fortune has thrown me into intimacy, aiul even friend-dalmlog the right to carry out the coatiact.the year ending June M. Usa, under the Csasdl^ ta-turbed them in their domestic relations, with which which sow divide and agitate the Bute. Wo'ild toGod tLey were again imlted, as during the late war, when her Federalists vied with the Republicans In the career of and glory, and when herof Pssouixai. Such Is often the ease with negotla-of Central llons by our officers. Since the lamented Geo. Gu>3 period. The Government of Canada (1856) cost aaobthe people of the North have no legitimate con- cern.We have ao news from|«h!Ie aflafaaitlMt only foTMgacity, but for ed there. But its abolition would be attended at Well, the majority among you have takea a stand,If is to be abolished, it must be abolish-Slavery Legislature powerfullyhave athey precedent.perform should be wllUng to take measures to had to btead the provisions Son^hOBITVAST.Tfceybhaocpek, what do 1 behold ? Impmtleat South in the North to free the slaves when there was Carolina could not wait—she has taken a leap, and i) and the great names of WAsBiiTGToir, FRjtifxu5, Jxrrsasos, and Gxsxs, no longer compatriot with yours, or those of Lscasss,Governor of Walnnt-street, Philadelphia, Sonora that Capt. Srom la not only to be permitted toSaturday, in htaTOhoitbesttoproceedgradually. Buttheslaves South are nesrly as numerous as the whites. They will continue to bear the marks of their formerof thesenetewas once an exceedingly populsT ^aoe of reearC Lately Col. Browne devoted aiiiehof bistiaa to thaover merelyaad domestic affairs coming within servitude in their new relations, which wlllbe aUociraii, PIKCS5IT and Haiios with mine!But the evil, supposing the separation lo have beensquirrel hunt, But who isseveral years back constant complaints have been made of the depredations of the Indians living In the northeastern part of the State—north of Bnttee Creekthe orders of the Central government be.,-*'than to Inviu an attack—neiaifcwetber view presented in the address TO THE nmON-LOnNG CITIZSSB OT THE than to repel one, in order Is gain time for wisdom Gen. Cuax, whose bead-quarters are In this city, laila.iaii^^iB$n.aBd cootroLand bloodshed has been laid to them. Lastbetter to Springwaysriff the taxatloB 1858 vras duringonly $1 Uparbaaa.ftactabU.,correspondent,since an coatro- unhappypatriotismAmerica.ADDITIONAJ. FROai OAIiIFOKNIA.as a State, and the signal of war. FK09I MEXICO.HapoMteaaaeraed.iaa on that very tour, and aboutI can only say, that Ithe very time, ueatloBed by no whan I last had theunder the lease of Gsu. or the Taader- Lav,to leave for Csasda oa Mir has* ast Il4t,Wa^time to do mnch havoc ameag Stafaae.The Presldenrs Message sad tte raporta aaaMfa-WBtmo, the gentlemaa In charge, did aot choose toeoept this verbal perralstlnn, but entered his protest, United SUtes tariff the Araerloaa was taxed 91 •}, tehumbleversy began to assume a serious aspect I have al-paratively few, theycoaBtg^^eiSanbjected to the jurisdiction of the lor they are found to be idle, licentious, and profli- but torn off by the general West. 1 tmn with horror solitary wagon- States, yet 1 am confident he Is doing it fearing an In- mon Pleas.OiiiMiifl.Oiiilliiiieiil. which toot jnrisdiction over gate. The only true course to be pursued is to from the picture I have only sketched. I have said it road from the Sacramento Valley to Yreka, over vasion from Sinaloa by the Conservative Party. This Lieut. George W. Hay, who distinguished biiB«ginia, your native countrr, not twlonging to the South, and east of the Sacramento. Thelet but one drop of blood be spilt upon the csavas, and it become "one red."self at the battles of PaloCerro Goido, and the taking of Monterey, aad at tha siege of Vera Craz, died in this City on the 8th last. Disease contracted during his servioe as a flhlbaeiBr withGen.Walkerwasthe causeofhis death. HU funeral services are to be held thismorning from tlie Dutch Reformed rimii 1i in Twbbcourageilieiinii some comment. It states that UNITED STATES. "^ and moderation to sxsrt themselves In the Capitol at response to a petldoa of the Inhabitants of the dlsfrict, lithBitaetract,iswrong.Itliinkitisnot Heretofore,inthehistoryofthecountry,thean- Washington,andIntheState-houseatColumbia. sentupCapUFliitt,withscompanyoftroops,topre-notIndividuals and their opinions, but against the lawsthe conjecture, in order ihat ca.*ewhich1seeButtheIndiansarebad likeLauriston, whoia ilitel with tkaIt direct! itself, and Institutions of the country.merely againstneighbors "the:mayof an important recret of the Government, my honorcertainlybut isit a mBnlnllsiilf 1 Is it a sin, a malum in sc, as North snd South, but section sgalost section and ruling wish Is, that neither party take a rash slep, poses they have been. Gov. Wxuaa, too, heard theto In tidwri it. There are evils incjdent to Hen are nottjf arrayed agaiastam directed by the Government of the United States once Scire, whose correspondent bod spokea of m— aa "men of difiereat opin- ions scattered Indlscrimlnstely through the countrywas not what the people prsycd for. They wantedion is not Immediately In danger. It Ii bound to-gether by many bonds, but two of the) strongest, the any further obiect The engineer, also. Is going on, Rangers were organiied—80 volunteers under theunion of the churches and the union of the political Bteadliv, but slowly, in erecting the new work on thesite of Fort Johnson, since for the parties of the country, have already snapped. Com- (long projectedbetween thetaacea, where slave labor may be the most advan' which botmd us to the mother country twfore the mon coast.for tageoua— instance,AcodM riot exist in that climateSIa««i)^aarwaU as corresponding benefitsthe lawyen'eall It ? I consider it a mere civil in- State against State. Perhaps the integrity of the Un-nor thatmightputallhealingpowersatdefiance. Itis,iiwell to daieaAstltatidn. It has its good, blended with its evils, like all htnnan afiairs. Asa general rule, I do not think it is. calculated to encourage industry and;prefect. A few companies are incapable of effscting—citizens of the United States of have been of the 9lh a letter, in all other respects,the welfare of the lower classes of so-the strala. It defence of the harbor,) the foundation of whi:;h is but justlaid. Whenfinished,someyearshence,Ifruithis erpuislOB;forecolngsecrecytociety, to. the same extent as free laborare states oi society, and under peculiar circum- North and the South ctn be stronger than were tbo.ie the other States, as one of the bulwarks of o ir ccio-own lips place order of the Government oi byproinptemercial interests are beginning to feelGeneral last evening and learned from it may long be regarued, both by South Caroliua and the story.Sonora,and the and,laboring population, composed )of British colonies from the Empire. Ten years w*re suiEclent to array the most loving fellow-sub- jects, friends, brothers, sons and fathers, against eachsentlmEnts, unconnected with events i)U5llnin In two men, to whom their iitentions were briniringbut there isimpossiblethat those nowexisting;which goes every year thousands and hundreds of Is no new excuse for enlisting men for his thousands of dollars worth of supplies for the miners paid and half starved army.and for agriculturists, traverses this region, known Had he known of the orders issued our Gov-Alto, Besaca de la Psla^portance to be considered. In all ages and among at last in our quarrel with England, wo jM at firstall races of men, Blaveiy has at some time or other have been accepted, and would have prevented theexisted. This -fact shows that it is in. the order of rupture. If there are any measures which will healProvidence ^Uiat it diould so exist, and that it the prfsent discontents, Is It aot time to resort to Connrnts of ihr Juarez Organ on the Treaty. tle fires they had kindled to broil thefr bits of beef, arles of the United States have not been respec'ei.but;qirings bom the nature of things. Among all them ieommunitias wars, more or less, will prevail, and It is often said that the Union can and wUl be pre- in all countries where civilization does not obtain, served, by force If necessary. Does aay one believe the captives taken in war wiU be destroyed. They that ahold it essentially laulul to destroy them, as mucbso as they hold it law t\il to engage in war. Associety advances, industry becomes essential tosupply their wants, but men in that stage havenot been accxistomed to industry, and are natural-lyindolent. TheywillnotworkunlesstheyarcThe Rpforma, Ihe efficial paper of the Juarez Gov- roast their beef bones, bake thefr cakes made of brown ernment, has the following remarks on the treaty re- flour and water, and bury their supply of potatoes inbut helpless women and children have been ruthless- ly murdered within its limits by persons from Sonora. Your Excellency can, no doubt, refer back to the period of your levolution, when Mexico was strug-cently concluded at Vera Cruz:union between two hostile powers " In our two previous numbers we havethehotashes. Theywerenotredmen. 'Thefrskinsand ofCollege oV Medicine, burmore reoantly Resident Phy-the American and now that we are better ac- treaty,glingperiodshe notonlyHew long before the re-force would become a despotism ? No gen- quainteo with its provisions, we return to the consid-eration of this important document, which binds still mure closely our lelatiuns wil'i the American Repub-;lic. It will encourage both ihelr commerce andand will furnish us with a aum wnich the fiupremethisamplification of aiticle H of the last of the treatiesreceived. One — the at lady by pappooseFollowingprinciple,discord and disunion pre vail everywhere, and the only citizens who, by thefr iLdustry, perseverance and lat>or-lovlng habits, would have prevented this state of affairs, have been mur-dered or driven from the At this country. presentmoment Mexico has scan^lyany resources her com- ;merce is stagnant, neitlier arts nor sciences are pro- gressing, and the aariculturai products are scarcelytne wants of herenough to fcupply people, while herIf one-half perts deposit—west side of the iMhmus—closed and not for distribaticn on the road. openedU. Guizot, who is givingsuch rules as may l>e found proper for expediting thepoDUlatlop—ether tlu-ough all time, had they not been »ized upon other tax, with the exception o! such expenses as ceedingly brief stature, however. One, In particular,heready ilioMlva that Blarery Is a sin in itself; and true, invented what Is false, and given life and action Republic shall be wltlidrawu from storage they shall way. Several of them, If they had been consfructed single State In the Union. It Is thismui^rlad.e-sroefd,Amaesriwcealnluponthensucli duties or Imports as our Government may Saecyree.citizens who have been ruUuesslyas driven (rti:! .Mejicu, by tile authorities of Sonora.has Eminence CardinaljuWstiseman has arrived in justBy a claose which we may ctmslder an ampllflea-longer, There wasofBut in case of a ne- any means to be antici- deep, perhaps a fatal, wound pated, the Government of the United States may,con- the triumphsuch force ast>emay requisite.in addi-Princes were toours,ductoryDr. McCUntock is a tunther of Rev. Dr. McCllBtock,iMithar j.WiPWf M*e been very conspicuous upon the Republic. with the consent, or at the request of the Government crowed back precisely as if they were human, and obligations, and may precipitate war; and at the then to continue thefr journey into Upper Egypt. in waaa efforts of mischief. Such a scene Is there no remedy ? Yes, and there is but one. It of Mexico, or of Its Minister at Washington, or of tile when grown might have hopes and fond prospects. present time Mexico is but little prepared for such an They are accompanied by the Marquis de Beauvols,aa this a. few Tears ago would not have Is, for the men East, West, North and South, wno love competent local authorities, isgaliy appointsd, em- thethe Pnlted States were Captain Horin, Tiscouot de Segur and M. de BcW-veaux.We learn from St. Petersburg that Madametheir country more than their party, to rally and elect ploy sucn force with this object and no other, and And when you made much of the little ones, the event, while on contrartyo invade Mexico. baaawitoeaaed. .udtownatarewetotracethe neverinabetterconditioncanaes of snch a wonderfiil change, but to that a President who has no platform but the CoosiltuUoa said force shall be withdrawn at the moment when mothers looked as much pleased as creatures do that The United States have already on the Pacific coastof Triigioas fanaticism to which I have al- and the laws, and no pledges bat a life of efficiency the Government of our country shaO consider Its bare souls. Gen. Kjbbs remarked that these (war- a powerful squadron, which Is constantly augment-Is a OperaafUtuadf aWaded? This is an extraordinary state of the haaMB arfadf-wUch is but understood ofChorton-Demenras at the Italianmanded lo sing before the Imiierlal family.andDteply Impressedside of Mexicop^Tlotlelonger necessary.The a exican Government concedes to the Unitedand within from a declaration of war the United States could invade Mexico from the Atlantic Sates,services. - no presencegreatof thatwith these vlsws, a massing;beea com- Tamber-meetiagcity, havingthere was no need of keeping a guard over them, ex- aa yet, aad baa not bean thoroughly analyzed. It Magic, on the 19th of December, nominated by ac- and munitions of war across the Isthmus of Tehuan- sept to prevent the white folks from steaUng the chil-imperfectlythecitizens of New-York,held at theAcademyofSlates Ihssimpletransit of itsfroops,amaaunltioaand send by ralfroads and lik and Madame Nantier-Didiie are as taaadbiy'liBdeTimoes the vital principle of virtue. damaiion Lieut.-Oen. Wiariiu) Scorr for President, tepec, or acrbss the transit or route of commaoica- dren. Persons had beset him at every stags of the steamships large bodies of troops to land on the ever. A musical society has been formed at St. Pe-TB>» awa who issubjectto it becomes a bundle of and Gen. Sam Hscstch for Ylce-President of the tloo which has been agreed upon from the city ofbaby,ecDtiadii^jtifa and contrasts he is credulous, and their fellow-cllisens throughout the country, inviting of Noxales, or other convenient point, the local au- one, but the poor creatures had their attachments, at tha s^jn.rtm" crafty—he is philanthropic, and them to join In the movement. It was a spontaneous thorities previously receiving proper notlficaUon. and to assure them that thefr infants should not l>e— United States, and directed an address to be Issued to Guaymas along theGulf Journey of Caltferaia, to the Itaachoron would take possession of every seaport on this "tJtOmTHBnSTHHDSl Arriml aftta NarA Star—BepsMaia af IhaThe steaaoahlp Sortk Star, of the Kail Uae, feeUngrestored,fHsadlytatareoarss withtwodays'lateradvicesfromtheIsthmus,arriv-cad his blCBda are OODgratoIat- irat time lor many years hasbeenallowedhere,aadInoicatesthebastesrtthGen. Cousin de Hontauban," says the Ofii»io» Your Excellency must bear in mind that the Gov- Rationale, " takes his family with him to China. He atthasMMiflnaaindictive and cruel—he is de- movement, without consultation and without the The Mexican Republic cedes to that of the United stolen was the object of the stretched cord and the ernment of the fjnlted States would not have dis- is to receive during the whole continuance of thaauthorized them to be sent,once-Hhey require glomus sod patriotic services. Their posiiloo and point, city Guaymas, made no provision for Ihem, and may decline to re- between Mexico and the United States.thedavotopment by time, bat their development is characters pointed them out as the men for the times. situated oa the same gulf, by aay railroad, or other "This protest will also be communicated to the au-lapid—SSTM aequirit eundo. The fanatic is the To delineate the character and point out the glorious way of commtmicatloa which ia bow or may here- ceive them. thorities of the City of Guaymas.of men. moatpraeOTaptnous He stops at no ob-to hla and^nietiaof path, does not wait to conaahnwmcticabihue. of his_3-J schemes. Know-hssno respect loraaiW. aadbj those who pos- notthat I am notany correspondeace with the Government of Sonora or the authorities oflomere human laws, fiamed with thetheupright under the strongest temptations lo swerve,proper to be admitted for sale and consumption, un-der condlilons of perfect reciprocity, into either of ttie everyCol- theoff some Sherreback orBoston, to his office, slippedslanting cnrhstoae,bythepresmnptnous amongthe of the In- particulais brickbatand^utt,irhieh at first he, ..,„ hoitiv,Fellow Citizens:contracting Republics.to aThe negroes, rather too much thefr28, was celebrated the marriage ofPrinceItfaOoT-foMi lti< Ijllltlirilii Willi waiairetjrcaDscientlouspredilections at leastibr a tUne:•tad iiiaMfaHtMn frnirr ^T" whaa they a-iEjK'ifthe country to attain office, or some base personal orin public or private,easily settled.ExceUcocy Prinoe RuspoU, Prtaea of CerriBVbeiimnea easy andLittcnof Lay aside party to the calls your country.GregolreBonaparle, son of their Highnesses Princs obstreperous, Charles Bonaparte and Princess Zenalde Boaaparte. partyofwhites, Tiu therrlncesaChristianaRnspoli.daughtero«nwsaiVedgiven duties tried and Imposed upon them as arduous uponof selecting from the list of articles of merchaa-right land by every possiblewhile from tbe Eastern Railroad StaUon, In goingenactments, utmostfirm againstpressurealmostbody, once in his life, lets the CityUallty,patriollsmandeoorags.his withthat aton Napoleoa!respectable ChrlstmafTrollc. Christmas potbaetinogns, became a HtttIenspired byScott, whose fame ii identified after be constructed for the mutual use and enjoy- Our delinquent tax lists make an amazingly long I will here state todeedsof thewith the mosttory, from Lundy's Lane to Mexico, or to recall thegallantglorious passagesyour Excellency In our country's his ment of tmth Republics, the Mexican Republic al- document At first glance you would think nobody authorized to enter into othereveningsicenceof the Grand Duchessi>oble would be to insult achievements of the Uoosroa,of the list arises from tlie fact thatGuaymas, exceptto make ttilspatriots the most patriotic, and among brave men (he bravest, that we would call them to stations which at this time embienUy require firmness, Impar-considered free of sell his lots,* bids them two countiles, such articles being lectoroffhimself, paysways reserving fur itself the ri^ht of sovereigntywhich it now possesses over all the transits mentioned paidtaxes, and that everybody was about to be sold,Russia,of Massachusetts,of the Bat these offices are in the treaty. out. people.length anxious to1 am Excellency's most obedient servant, yourW. D. PORTER, Commanding U. S. Sloop-otwar£t. Jfory's.— Thb InsrEBXcnos at Bolitab, Misaotmi. TheBolivar (Mo.) Piiot, of the 31st ulL, contains a shortwith the under-duly, or taxed at a very low rate: tlO costs and fee for certificatethat the said merchandise shall be Introduceds'andlng satisfied that If in the morningofandparagraph givingsurrection at thatannounced with so much flourish from Warsaw, The affafr wasno great prlnolpls oraiivdsin^aera- Ill'iPDoorrttaarnit meamsure Is at stake. Do aot heed the out- religion by Mexican clt.Mns,permlttinf Gen. ToTTSF, after spending three days looking at and came in conflict with acries of saerlloe iiiteie»ted party leaders, who wouldof the United Slates the free exercise of Uieir rellgioa, thecollision resulted In an exchange of several shots. withNo one was harmed, aad the aAlc waswithin their houses, or in the tera- the fortifications of our Bay, left by «iaaalT&ESamhthisapiti', ebould racomaiend arty advaaiage. They will burl after you oppro- pluor places wtilah may be devoted to woiAtp, as a steamer for the North Thursday momlag,regular Oa hisbecome •-Untitled Documentplnwall,pired subsequent toIs" dooement that the^ offbbaedaysweregentiinelovers ingstowardsthem,andwhooughtnottohavedis- ship,withalmosteveryleaderofthetwoparties left. Shecarries200passengersforNew-Torkand somewhattoohastyInaccejitlngtheproposttlOB head.BothamountswooUprobablybealittleUgh-came to the aid of the Ualoo.for the other Statesoffta,]MiLgpranunenta,alreadyinexistence, awise when courseofactiouisbeset 1cannotfollowoutthelong,darkshadesofthepic- •f(beKJbheWar—Oea.Tattaa'sDepart* Co.isvalid." ItIsalsoknownthattheJuarezgov- Col.PeterA.Brownediedathisresidencein•.ture Ihst presents itself to my feaie. I willre—Col. Fresaaat h Fall Paeeeasian— Jadge Terry 'e-Caset &e.> dkc.ernment have notified the officiallyoayear. Col. Browae took a promlaent part la eaa-the Arcade on aad tha ChW structlng Chesnut-street,near Fairmount. Tbe latterPagoda tuUdiacThe byIndians, ernment, (which were so soon countermanded,) it Is will be fraught with evil. The Abolitionists But and other South Carolina friends have until lately, have always t>een represented as an in- possible he might have had ut In view, but this varymine.You have probably heard of the arrival of two orty-slxth-stieet,Sixth-avenue,fit*iTTandhave been, in a great measure^ the free blacks are beginning to experience that three companies at Charleston, in the last six weeks, encroachments of white settlements have ren-thelocalcostto themselvesin a smallIn the wilds.ButUme had shice, havinggovernmentswithoutthey are not their true friends. It is better tobunting dered thefrway supplieslatterlythebut little success. They are hoped they will now be moreappear to have little fear of;not of."tonot without labor and effort, owing to my at least in the preeent condition of things, ua these, 'scarce and miserablecompelled subsistenceCollege,diedatUtIcaoBSaturdaythe7thbut.,and you may hear that as many more have followed.againthem successful. TheIndians'>ii,years ok), when he removed to Windsor, TL, Uriac tberausttllw attateed Ma anjaitty. ThefcttKcT'-^ Mr. Dana was one of two Hngeaot brstlMSi srba fled from France tocouatry.Dr. W. Itontgomery, ona'of the moatof died la Dublin oa T~ physieianB Ireland,21st ult.The only sister of the Bight Hon. B. Diaratf diadat Cknieeslei-plaee, n. Byde^vk,laceatty,ifaiFEKsONAI..There isnothingInconsistest with the President'saga4F He was bora la AsUurnham, Maaa, Ma^ 29, 1780, where he resided until he was aboot tw^ea-in these movements. The intentionis, that the forts In the harbor shall not be wrested from the United States. I believe It is not apprehend- ed that liM State anihoritiea contemplate any attack,to ekethievingsionally even capturing a wagon of prorisioos.80 years.some unau- thoriied multitude, under sudden excitement, mighthave died vio-and as ths Indlsnsaad alterwaidMe IHa-but I know it has been feared thatwill flsnd oa the defensive—Ihinklag It better lo dis-iMb B.Eagjaad,posts;question have been, and probably will bs, slightly re-sloopfull, derived from a private sourceMary't, ypartly;is for in one of providednot beposed to have actually occurred, if I were possessed there is a " ais in theneitlieridoubtlcts, merelyintended to hold the for the prayer of the petitioners and he granted It.posts the requisite instructions under which the KibbeThe Government of the United States have been In-formed that Capt. Stoss and his party, all of them order to coyourbills*,sup-in San Francisco and thefeeling agin 'em,"U. S. Bioop-orwAa St. Mast's. SiSoE Dob Yosacio PisqcrxxA—Sir. Ciwemm-.- Iwould not allow me to disclose it ;<There Is nothing in this letter Intended to be confi-played me this shabby trickbut there deception. Mya man of sixty years oldam one of those who think It Islike fellows, and at once started them off for the Men- tion of treaty obligations existing between Mexico and offree white men, Ten years were sufficient then to sever the most commenced it, 1 only designed giving uilerauce to docino Reservation. In the north he first succeeded the United StaUs.in the rice fields of Revolution. Georgiadential, nor Intended for tlie public Press. When;preventIas the "Pitt River IndianCountry."on acoms andsquirrels, living in the rivers andnear was formerly pastor.a few weeks thelows tried for policyThe poor fel-oftheof the Atloittic.with our windows up, aad never have a Ire. Ught etotlMs are coming la fiuhion. Overooets would lookedl.(•IS) and a freeout as aabTdepartnreThe weather is hesrenly.siteveningsof theof the old United States Mail Company's wharf has been ventilated In the Court of First Instance to-day.leave about midnight, say 48 hours after the Atlmtie 80 for New-Orleans.Besides the Csnsdian "Ekclse amouatad te faparArrfral»C Pitt HlTor ladlsaa—The Ea4 "the contract for the survey of SoaoraCmrttriUenct oftkt Ifea-Tork Timii.'giveand poUtlcsl matters. HU sacoessfiil deCtaea of ' I can see no reason why our Government should not Wood and Mercer, whom ha suoaeedad la giilliasGen. KiBBS lias returned from his bringing hosts of captives with him.growth ef wool, not naglectiogimeanwhUa, Seattle.disregarded,anthority, with which they were perpetual source of quarrel and disturbance. II shs:l withdraw, the whole arch of the Union wUl Geiu KiBBZ ? Let me begha at the beginning. For Interfete, and it is presumed they will. We are acquitted of the charges of murder pcaliBtred eas|B^>tdne burrs, fishingIndian campaign" returaed to this post someof which hisMr. James Dana, father of Prof. Dana, of Taip--outaround theDuring the past year robberiesbeen all told, 2S frequent and,lently at the hands of somebodythe wagonsthe Indians exterminated, and to all Intents and pur-of America to proceed to Guaymas, and protest against certain acts committed tne authorities of tlie Stale:Itomieur Ufei Ttheir them tcere killed, a very large proportion of them being womenSeven hundred were capiured.Of the captives, some 450 were brought to Sanbraving fate, use, ofas a matted with dfrt.hair Occasionally a smart-looking boyCastletohjMedical College,glisteningyourthat When chuckled to,outthroughtelllgencecroppedragsrag-pickerjUnlonPaifs.coolies free niggers" at the South'alter-over their beads, lay about, generally faceatpipe, with a pappoose strapped to his own backlands lay uncultivated,theallBhar«d bis GeiL Kibbs Insists that these squaw grieCare unusually good specimens of California Indians,and I suppose they are. 1 saw no one, wiio, both itha that (haforstandard of our white men's taste.likeness till you got below the shoulders,like telescopes, so that they could be pulled out onetickled on thecheek,courseCharfres. '^hsremai^ al Alegito-P. W. R.bdlvldualoBlytSW.Tbe of ihe PiorliiGa (Caaada lait aai populadoaand and order quiet)koff," has written thecommand of Gee. Kisas, of this town. Gen. Kussset out last Fall on his mission. I saw the gallant w-ith the United States, and thishas taken somewhat of a detriment to honorableBut there were all of them of ex-Republic;her cities vie in wealth her resources iire becom-;all the uiit. as Is the custom of familygoes a claim down uponsale,on the ioth ulL, wlhlch wasHe gaveofcity Guaymasto Writiag yea,;noisici's estate. FortiijaJTli'i tolookor sad Cqit. StobbIt IsthoughtCspt.Pasna,ofStMarf-;thatthewas:.'survey the public land, but he Is directed lothem documents have again Pisqimxi,andSiosx'spartyarenow awaiting his reply on lois tide of the line. Shouldin the field it Is ;have been butchered in Sonora, and even the botmd-bob la and out a dexea5; feet T laches IhrCapt.whloh Oks BriUah Governmentu bet tlaAis'the Philadelphia receivedthe sympatliiesoftheUnitedStatesandher sician totbeBlockleyHospitalIn Philadelphia, hasand commanded herthe first act of aggression on the part of Mexico was to murder In cold blood the son of Ihe man who aided so much in gainlifg her liberties.a condition as at present-to him at tlu supportbowels of theundeveloped.more day developed everyillustrious statesman hastened to reply by a letterthese facts beforehow much the State of Sonora is acting against its own prosperity, in pursuing a narrow-minded course(ofa fravellng pappoose's ribs are inaccessible,) they ico in time of peace involves the violation of treaty dria until the 7th ult., and at Cairo imtil the I lth,aiidlike) people were entfrely reconciled,that in factalso on the thirty daysgulf;andfor a —even $500 had been offered for Pacific coest and in a short time the Pacific squad- tersburg by royal command,popularssCaliforniaArlzena,hcve the goodsenre to avoid,by fuifiUngtreatyTbe Queen <tf under tha Benmark, travelingname of the Countess of Oldenburg, has arrived atNice, a of honor, a physleisa, accompanied by ladyand the Count de her chamberlain. Tha Tramp,after was a tmrie at tbe re- her arrival tliere Maria of aad.hardly amountingplace,docket.The MonitcuT announces Borne,andples sndingaU, and she stands now foremost among the States for added that, notwithstanding his advanced age, he;theextremely trivial—bisfor carrying the North Germaa mslls bylhe loata. Mr. Gaia, ear Flnaaoe Minister, ia< m£ Sana, have beea invited by the Dnke of Nswcaaaa, flw Cetoniat-Secntorr, to spead aaas days at eaa af hit oooatry seats, and -sheet Majbsaisals, ItlsaHlInch. Ianlwnaoywsthe only ground I have to defend Is that of ray age srrect a mistake in one of your Paris lettoraAmerica, extremely expelled from Mezco contrary to freaty stipulations flattering for me. This mistake is, morally speakiiig,in myin its execution. The Government authorize me to years of age. I am a great sportsmanof Sonora,have partic-ipated.bybut I nevertheless wish to have this letter Inserted, iaand in bywhich those of theone's Inch ground,adversary, regard to the physical met of my age, It is de- of his successful adventures. In the south authorities of Guaymas are said to have participated trimentni to myself. I am nearer to fifty than sixty would yoB say, that the expulsion of Capt. Srosi and his party, like to see my license to shost ? I often traveL Will of blood on either side, 300 of these brave and war- is not only a wrong done to them, but a gross infrac- you see my passport ! It la my grey beard wlilck has mybeard makes me look much older than I am, and is much greyer thlm my Your Excellency will bear in mind that the United mustachios. I have been advised to shave my beard States Government have long treated Mexico with and keep only my muEtachios, and I really think Ihe managed to capture, without the loss of an ounce;A actress of one of the Boulevard thea* youngtres, of the name of Augustine Landry, aa brooghtaction against a M. Gadrat, described as-a wealthyperson engaged In financial operations, to obtainfrom him a sum of rather more than franci tor 2,000titles of three per cent, stock which she had ocnflledfollowingletter tothe ferfiptaaIn the Eclecticof Medicine in Philadelphia, and delivered his Intro-plyWe eftract the following from Bell't Lifethe lastIhird volume of his memoirs, has lately received aand has been favored with an inter-Ihvorlteat Court aa well Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^im- ^^ 