 2tie sggraadteemect of fee kingdom he hopettn rule over Tn^fttekter of favcy arrival tern at PtanhUfte, nnd TBE CONDITIO?. W EWOfE. aa Priam Mmtetcr, hUthjnu far the annexation of tba he says to Napoleon in. —Ducbtea He <m not wtfiteg that Tuscany should remain a "8b4, will you assist tna to e^iel the Aostrianf fr*>-nteparate Power; white iTtaix, oawtlllnf that too formid- Italy Fortune has smiled upon jou .u many thing*, but "Our London, *aria and Berlin able a kingdom should be raised m near her frontier*, ycu atill need miliary glory. You have vanquished the a'vises that Tuscany thocld remain -out of the dominion Russians at Sevastopol. Drive the tustrtens beyond the*poa tba scene, followed by his partitas*. Pierre gives origin te or csntideraMe antiquity and at thethanks to Heaw* n tor Mate meeting. He e m S t M hte bro- tbe great revolution it has many branch esttbther, and tells him that tbe Countess is upon tee point of tltnated ia different parts of tbe capital. as well as toTastbsHy to Austria, and,"tperer Trass* Joseph did not I. -^ , iJ*. •***• teh him In the lurch.Correspondence.TBE WPHCIITIE* 01 THE CMTHINT. A-c. Ac. Ac.Tr • tunard -iteamabip Quad a, which Ml Liverpool aa MM1 >.b w i t , torching at Qnaaaatnwn en th* following day, arrived m Bostee aarty oa Sunday morning Her awns inlaw* this any aarty yesterday morning, but the sows bat far the most part bean aalfetpetod by the arrivalat the Etna* which teft England the tarn* day.o ba m a very precarious Mate. W»the following from the Opsnumt Nationate ef i » • —A tatter from Peat* iafanm oa that the Austrian govaresee&t baa Jnat ordered m« fiscal agents to im me-dtetely collect by all possible sas months tame* nVkt^nX^CA' The regular taxes hava doubledthat Victor Emanuel will reign ever. Thua France op A!ps, thereby placing yourself at the head of a powerful the veil. Fra Antonio is not yet inform d of tae res alt f the revolt. Be crojurea his niece to refi*eA opoo tba s'%oposes at the present moment Sardinia.Austria has succeeded in drawing nearer to Russia, brute, the increased severity of her rate in Venetia, as well aa the increased pertiuaaty of ber remonstrances against the onward movement af Italian nationality.Roesi* is turning once mare a longing eye towards Turkey. and the Sisk Man (fee Sultan) quakes in his bag- gy trowaera as the trntb forces itself upon him. He must understand that when next the Cossack swarms invade the model plains, Prance and England may be inclined tolook twice are they lose blood and treasure to keep his crown upon his head.The Pope has 'aid aside all sembteaee of quiet, and in- stead of the meek foliawer of the Iamb, we see a raging, revengeful potentate, enlisting troops, buying muskets and cannons, and sharpening the sword for a speedy con- flict. The rebellious Romagna* feel that Pius IX is de- ter timed to oUaak them ere long, and determined to keepThe number comprises sixteen frerts, wbo, while habited oni><Lumbardy, but Venice UAU tae bargain (Dsrnxve in the simple garb of tbe Church, are not ecclesiasum. laughter from tbe cooservanvt* ) Or, doyouthtak ttThey have a rpucious house, large enougn to acoommo more advisable, g-ntienvwi, tor tustrte to we-rt downlaat lea yaara, tIbeay nBa>re also doubted the freedom tbey, aa it were, snatched from Rome. They darmg the la*; war, and have become ao heavy art afro preparing with might and main for the impendingGueymard—**Il vet omir stow bien ostee-''The duet sang by Gueymaid and Bounnehie in the Be- ejet. His meaLS were limited, and rather than be at the been formally abandoned, but and certaibi) beea post-- _ . iy tax payer a have preferred to abandon their property rather than pay any loriter taxes which exoaad ate tecum*. Kotwitniaadteg the lorced recoveries of thestruf »!e The young King of Naples has promised to aidtee Pope, and he holds himself la readiness to carry ou"t ibis promise. Austria is to help him, sad he feels safer now from the retaliation that he beforo dreaded on the part of Franco.Spain Mi occupied with her Moorish campaign, but still Queen Isabella will aid the Pope.This is a gtootny elate of affairs, aad one that agitates and troubles all Europe. Were England true to France, the two Powers oouid soon aelm tee agitation, and settle matters so that peace aad prosperity would ewue. But Enjfiani has ever been treacherons to France, and it seems as thwgb she would continue so to be. The Em- peror Napoleon braved the anger of an intluentsal andtog at men a, in which the voices in p>tacato produce a delicious effect and possets an exquisite freshness and novelty.The infrodtjcfrur du ballet is of Inimitable grace.Tbe duet between Gueymard and Bounnebie is one of tbe most deligbtiul of the author's Inspirations.Finally, the lourth act, in tbe whole, crowned by the grand scene at the taking of the veil, the musical magnifi- cence of which appears to us to be unsurpassed by any other master.The decoration* are o' an incomparable beauty, and the mt> ensctntIt rich find full of charming details, which form a series of enchantments for the eye.PARIS, March 8, I860.The Emperor** Speech—Austrian Agents Attempt to BringIt Into Contempt—The Austrian Emperor's Stolidityin Italian Affairs—The French Priestcraft Attemptingto Create Sympathy for the Pope—The Anglo Frenchcommended to this establishment, where It is impossible to conceive a a an can be happier under tucb circumstaaoes. 1 sm thus particular in Inviting attention to tt, as to per- rons travelling and liable to be overtaken by oteease, the knowledge cf sucb an institution, where the most admira- ble numeg, tbe beat of food, exoellent medical attend- ance, a pure air, and, la fact, every want an atUog body is in of need, is supplied at so moderate a charge, te most ImportantThe institution has still three or four branch establish merits in different parts of France—at Dijon and Marseilles for instance, and in some parte of Italy. It ts self paying, and whatever surplus te amassed te applied to the in- creased com'orts of the patientsDuke.Count de Nice wer kerke now entertains the most disOf opinion wbicb seemed to promwie no satlaiaotary result from such a meeting' Meanwhile thi Cabinets rua b*oa endeavoring to remove theae difre<«no>a of o,«u»on, end to pave tbe way for a mu ual uiitir-iKtaudtag, AI yet, oa fortunately, these endeavors, wti.cn had led «« come ponding steps taken jointlv by tbe Courts of Berks and St Petersburg, bad not boeu aueadei «nth thu deatrvd success. It was (or the interest o Eirooe, however, thuItaly, an important merooer of tbe Eurojieau toomrty of nations, should not only be outwardly i>a^3e«l, but placed In the possession of legal and well rvguiated tostituttons,and Prussia wonld sever refuse b«r eaerfetic co operation for tbe attaiumont of thai great akfsst I would be ber special task to prevent new oomofacaUoc. from eiieing among the Powera of Europe, aad to savet e a , the levies, the taJrs atyear ha* only beea able to etoee 1M amounts with aa •rrvr of twenty par cent The misery baa become ao ingbt'uJ .» several parts of Hu&gary that tba government turn tent lorced taeatabitah Ct-nimawiooers of Want, aad -a many piecee the nnfortaaate peasantry were obliged to • « « i r the grain pat aside lor eowlog la view of aaca tacta a> »i not a provocation to open insurrection?0m r Lasadam Correspondence. Lusoon, March 9. 1M0.auction, Aa., the treaaary teatJFapMiA View ef Limti Napoleon* .dnteewKiflti Projeet- powerfo! party of his subjects, that he might give anThe Duchess of Malakoff has Just given birth te adaughter. Tbe Empress went to visit her as soon as sheheard of the happy event, as also the Princess Mathilda.Prince Napohon and the Princess Clotilde also called at from political questions by a very remarkable work tnat the Hotel of tbe Legion of Honor, the residence of theoverwhelming proof of his devotion to the alliance, but this does not convince the prejudiced portion of Queen Victoria's subjects that Napoleon III. really desirespeaeo. They see in ail concessions a hidden mattce; and, Instigat- ed by those members of Parliament too stupid, too prejudiced, or too selfish, to meet France half way, they evince every desire to quarrel with their allyturn*'* Budget—The Money Market—Rumored Establishmmtef a Prrneh Awuricam Newspaper te Paris—afr. the people demand the annexation, and because be wish-the Continent from tbe horrors of a now war."For the moment, public attention has been divertedtSmrstoUks Service* in <»« Ateenditnt—Pretest a/ the BrftuA Gmmnmrnt Ageetnst flat Annexation of Nice anda Praare— An Italian Gentleman's Opinion of Again—A PataraUe Eye on American Ftii meters—The Italian* Ripe for a Big War—Mr. Otadwas published tba other day at Le., zic, containing the correspondence of Alexander Von Humboldt with Torn. hsgen Von Ense, a well known B3r.in litterateur, whowUl sat have. If tee King of Sardinia will not be content with Parma and Modena, with a vicarious or precarious hold oa tea Remagna, then Louis Napoleon will take away ah ha troops from Italy, and let Austria aad all the biros af evil omen drop down on Piedmont like buszarda on sl elephantKing Victor has replied through Count Cavour that the:cant be done. Cavour says the Sing, his royalis not disponed to disappoint the Italians,he cannot prevent their aspirations J he wereto. Ha says the people have had their ex-from the first Napoleon; but instead of returning it to its original) owners, the Knights of Malta, they kept the island. Just so did they at the Cape of Good Hope: and, In fact, to have they ever done. When one reflects upon England's wholesale piracy of India, ber objections to the annexation of Savoy, at the ar- dently e x p n s i e d ci».sire of the people, becomes a matter for the reproof of the world.The following telegraphic despatch, published in the ELghfb journals, will give your reader* some Idea of how the people itgard the annexation —"Nun, March 6,1860. "On tbe occasion of the anniversary of the promulgation of the Sardinian constitution, manifestations were made by the Pledmontese party in the Italian theatre. Very few persons were present, and those in the boxes re-their things to return to their Duchies. Still, Central Italyis not disturbed She votes the fall of legitimate sove-reigns, as if, indeed, she had two hundred thousand mento support her vote. Woence comes this immense .courage? all fancy they perceive to be shadowed forth "We are to It arises from tbe fact that if tbe French government hastentberM.deRtisetandPrincePoniatowsk!tourgeher foragreatstragglesomedayorother,andperhapstoon,"peetaaooa encouraged loo much, and the matter had gonetea far for sham to recede. Unless the Empe- mained silent A demonstration also took place In thePopular Voice of the People of Italy— A Committee Ap- pointed to Consider the Petition—Debate on the Same—Publication of Some of the Correspondence of the Late Alexander Humboldt—His Opinion of the Crowned Head*coming in an English translation.THE DIFFIfILT1ES Oil THE CO.iniE.vT. The Shadows of Coming Event*.tbe political horizon been so gloomy and so threatening. During our forty years peace clouds have, no doubt, some- times lowered; but they never quite obscured th* son thine. The danger always seemed localized, and neverithe hack track, of course there will be war. Hisits neither satisfactory to the King of Sardinia, to Austria, the Pope, nor the Italian people. No one is satis tad. It a like two men quarreling abont an oyster, and the saapire steps in, and scooping out the bivalve, swal tews it. and then very compialsantl; hands half a shell to[From the London Chronicle, March 10. iNever since the termination or the great war to 181o hasof Haanihal aad Juliue Caesar must show the ancient sp* it again.Mr. Gladstone's budget and the treaty have gone Mtroagh at a round gailop, the majority growing larger aad larger, till laat night there was n minority of U'ss than a hundred—scarce a corporal s guard. Count Ca oour'a despatch receives unqualified apptobat<on here. The Meemmnitt says It a the moat important and able Skate paper of the season.Austria get the money? This is a hard question to answer. leave Tuscany to constitute herself as aa autonomousto assist the titbits of the Emperor of tbe French, wbo bad a project of satisfying tue aspirations of national feelings by a close union ol the governments of the Italian Pei.insula by means of a federative alliance—susn was the twofold object of the acts or VilJafreuca and of Zu-from its propriety,, is certainly a mere myth; but it is nolets certain that the friendly relations between Russia andFrance have been greatly weakened of late, and that tbehostile feeling entertained at S t Petersburg towardsAustria has decreased in the same proportion. The newPrussian Gazette—not a bad authority when royalty isman's possessions r Has Russia offered to help Austria to get up again on the back of lombardy ? Has grateful Auitr(a in return promised to let ber kind ally help him self to a shoe of the Danubian PrincipalitiesyThese are questions which tbe Sultan can answer. He certainly te conscious of a danger which threat»i>8 him and. we ask, whence can that danger arise save from Ot. nnu-n cf Austria ani fturii.' But te there anything im-I k s money market a getting rather tight again. Thesnail la just to front Australia, but the news presents nofeatures of particular interest. The previous accounts of may we not fear that should a war in Italy break out, Rus-government of the Legations of the Romagna, Ferrara and Bologna; s o , sooner than do so he will descend from his sacred chair, and, with scrip and sufl and sandal, beticular interest in tbe young Grand Duke of Tuscany, andhas written a letter to him assuring him of hte support,and adding, " Votrt cause est la saienae " If this be cor.rect, we might infer that by reinstating the Grand Dukein his possession, Louis Napoleon expects to regaintbe friendship of Russia, and to induce that Powerto acquiesce in tbe annexation of Savoy, which he evi-dently has more at heart than anything else. The con a hopeless quarrel? Have her statesmen judgedthe decrease of gold Is coaflrmei. The figures In round ansaaars for the last three years—the entire a-noun t shtopid—are, respectively, eleven, ten and nine millions. An lacrease te anticipated during this year. aOne who clatsns to know, tela me the rumor thatsia wiU seize the occasion to attack Turkey* The ruoured alliance between her tnd Austria Is becoming each day more and more apparent, and it Is easy to understand that it could only have been brought about by ulterior views oo Turkey. Resale wishes revenge for Sevastopol.which #be keep.- in Lombardy, if the vote is in favor ofannexation. But what will be the result* First, CentralItaly will be annexed to Piedmont; second, Austria vi!l beholden for bis bread to the pttltul compassion of she not interfere with arms, for France would prevent ber, faithtul. There is a spirit evoked in the priesthood of and the war would be«in anew Now, Russia and Prussiawould not help Austria, and as to England, the?*tatianswould punctually execute her fourth proposition, and thusin a manner, tbe absolute legality or which France reccirciees In ber despatch cf the J24th of February to theCount Persigny at l/>ndon, viz—tbe universal suffrage.Third, France will annex Savoy and Nice, which Napoleondeclares in bis speech of the 1st of March indispensable"Y oung America" is going the Emperor a act correct.to start a paper in Paris f w I am inclined to think it isFrance which, It is clear, the Emperor, after all he had uone for them, did not calculate upon'. Already the pre la'es wbo bare seats in the Senate have with one voice oil* red their remonstrances on the liberties taken with his Holiness and in the provinces the country pastors are stirring heaven and earth to stimulate pftblic sentiment in his favor. I have reason to believe that tbey are by no meant unsuccessful, for, as a body, they are much reWhat is the quiet citizen to think of all this? He sees public securities agitated and depressed, the cry of alarm, of terror or defiance, floating over the waves of the Bri- tish Chancel; a strange rumor of troops being ordered to rejoin their regimmts, warlike preparations, Incessant movement and unwonted excitement everywhere; and so, notwithstanding.Mr. Lever Is still engaged in bringing his project of aI service via Panama to Australia before tee govern meat, aad with prospects of soccer* If it a accomplish- ed it will be of great interest to the commerce of the three asaatnts, Asstralte, Groat Britain and the United States.The Angto-Luso-BrasUtea Royal Mail Steam Navigation Osanpaay got out their prospectuses this week, with a call Mr s larger capital than they at first intended, £400.000 te a l l Their steamers from Miiford Haven to Lisbon, Canary sad Brian. are running with great suoonsaIn France, those collecting for the Pope bave signallyfailed—not that the people are less generous than othernations; far from it—they are ever ready to aid distress;but they are not very religions, and the Pjp-t nas some-what injured burst If in the estimation of the French by to the safety of bis frontiers. This latter incident may epected by their flocks, witn whom their poverty and his too apparent ambition. So the collectors have not bring about a tragical denowwi-nt to this admirable diplosent of Russia would probably insure the success of his scheme, for Prussia would not venture to offer active re- itetance to it unless assured of the co-operation of her Eastern neighbors. Austria te too thoroughly cowed to show fight again in a hurry, and in the humiliating situa- tion to which the has been reduced, tbe restoration of one of ber Archdukes would at least afford ber a partial satis- faction, and though England might continue to protest, not only the Manchester men, but even the London Tune*declare that tbe question of Savoy te not important enough to go to war about. Time must show whether thte conjecture has any foundation, or whether the last move of the French Emperor upon the political chess- board te only a feint, played off upon the diplomacy of Europe for some purposes yet unknown.In tbe Prussian Chambers foreign affairs have hitherto been carefully eschewed, the conservatives maintaining that their arrangement te a prerogative of the Crown, with which the Legislature have nothing to do, and the liberals not wishing to embarrass the ministry, who are already sufficiently hampered in their political action by the per- sonal sympathies and;autipathiee of an illustrious person-our temper rightly'- Have tbey reckoned without their host to believing that, by s union now with Austria, Russia will gain all, and more than ad, Chat she has km*- It msy be well to remember that tt has bean the character of Russia to reconquer in tbe cabinet what she has lost ir. the field; and if her statesmen believe that tbey have estimated justly the strength of the Peace party in r i g land, they will have well chosen their time for a reven,...- at once bitter and complete.Nor are tbe prospects of Italy bet er than those cf tbe Porte. Tbe "wild ambition," which "loves to elide, not stand," and which prefers risking its neck on -• Portia* « toe." Is driving away the friends who have been Wood,snd wbo have been found true and steadfast P.. treaties of ViUafranea and Zurich tied up the hands of France. She was bound, as far aa possiole.to carry out the principle of those treaties ; but above all things, she was bound to abstain from any arrangement which would subvert them. Prance may tr thu* placed an a situation where all her sympathies would te warmly with Sardinia, although the might feel htndf re strained from giving them effect Sardinia seems bent oa persevering in a course unjustifiably aggressive, n* aot re- volutionary, to its principle* The French cation might grieve to stand by and see the Austrian eagle* once more flying to the plains ef Lombardy. It te possible teat such an eventuality may not arte*. Sardinia may still gexrreThe Packet Ooatract Committee have resumed their sit-ttegs. aad the Galwar Contract» now on the tapu. The list Austria bad allowed recruiting to go on for his Ho-In a ft w day «the (1 rand Opera is to produce a great lyrice'rttma,"Pierre de Medicis." an opera by the Prince Ponl-atowski, the same whose diplomatic mission met with solittle success at Florence last year. Agrand opera is a be sits down,anything but content with "the powers that colossal machine, a kind of leviathan, whose difficult be."rhstrsasa, at wall at Lord Palmerston's govern- ntant arc favorable to the contract; there Is no further mo- tive for throwing obloquy on Lord lierby a government, aad all will now go smoothly.The tadefattgable S. T. Smith has taken her Majesty's theatre, aad open* the middle of April.The most interesting event of the week in theatrical or IMerarv matters hat been aa amateur p«r.'ormaaco bymembers of the --Savage Club." Do not think unfavera My af them from their name, for I assure you they are highly etvdtssd gentlemen. They wtened to give a benefit te the widows sad families of twodoceosei members, aad they got up a bumper, and gave two eveninga at the Lyi theatre. They borrowed three or four ladies to taks female characters, aad all the rest wereliness in ber dominions, but owing to the energetic re- presentations or France she has forbidden this, and Pius IX is told to look elsewhere for troops. Still, while for-srincipady literary men. There were the 11th of thte month. Baron Groa will receive the ne- Brought—Bote, BUI, Jack and Lionel—and Portch, cessary powers for concluding a treaty with the Prank and Tent Tajfoord, H J. Byron, Albert S-nith, Dr. Emperor of Annam, who has male proportions Straass, Leicester Buckingham, HoltiiifBhead, too Vatel- of pence that will put an end to the hosctlitle*age. On Thursday, however, a petition wat presented in that events have not grown too rapidly for ber; that the te tbe House of Deputies, signed by three hundred and still able to control them, and mark them with tee im- eighty three citizens of Baden, In which tbe House wss prest of stability. /Vance unll not wiUtngly stand by and requested to Induce government " to advocate a solution see her tool destruction, if it is pxsiUe to tone her, rnuxst of tbe Italian question conformable to the Interests of con enily with the faith ef treaties and the recognition of gnat tUtutional liberty and to the unanimously expressed wishesrys. T. P. Croksr, and other brothers of the quilt. Tney played the School for Scandal, aad a now version of the «' Forty Thtevos"—seven literary gentlemen taking each a part, rowrittag and thee acting it You may as w«U be- have It was aa irresistible scene of funny buffoonery end am, between " All Baba," " Cogia." aul " MorgUaa"—Despatches received from India go to show that iroooa rod by fi. J Byron, frank Tahourd sad Robert have embarked frcm Bombay for China. The Thirty fi-st loetributsd a prologue to the-<Forty Thieves,'' regiment of loot were to leave Bombay about the middle of test month, as were also the Third regiment of native Infantry. Early In the spring the French troops will harearrived at me scat of war.Cotonel Faulkner, the American Minister, was enter-of tbe whole population of Italy,'' which led tean animated discussion. The committee appointed toreport on thte petition had proposed, "consideringthat tbe views of government on the sub-ject referred to undoubtedly coincided with those oftbe majority of tbe Prussian people," to pass to the orderof the day, which proposal was approved by the Ministerof Foreign Affairs, though without giving aa opinion as tothe reasons assigned for it M. Reicheasperger, of Co-logne, tbe leader of the Roman Catholic party, deniedteat tbe petitioners represented tbe feelings of the Prus-sian people. It wss tbe mission of Prussia to uphold legi-timate rights and to oppose the principles of revolution,which endangered tbe thrones of winces and tba alters ofGod. Tbe Italian nation were terrorised by a handful ofincendiaries, who received their parole from Turin, andwere subsidized with English guineas. The ~""Tiktvt re-commended non-intervention; but had not the one-headedeagle of France driven the double headed eagle of Ger-many from Lombardy, and had not that same one-beadedeagle extended lis flight to former times from peacehadEnglandactedasweexpected." Whendiplo the Rbine to the Vistula r Were there notwhich given In a piquant manner by Mr. 1iioevtsr Bat some of bid poems are perfectly aer-In the second Bijene of the first act we are in the apart- ments of the Countess. She is expecting Julien. He comes,a prey to the most poignant anxiety. He proposes to Laura to fly with him to escape the paraecutioas of bis brother Laura refuses, but promises to belong to no one save himself. Fra Antonio comes to his niece and in- forms her of the love of the Duke. She refutes to become his wife, and avows her love for Julian.tant ittrss^d hadhltettUfortsamtefrsterateslraMTeoxKigh te go throngh with a pUv.Uternry aahm hero are flvarfsalnf. Bah Brongh his by the rovtew and extracts given front It in the CWtie and i In the La's of KaJataff, te cartainly nearly up ioway of getting out of a dfismma. There are a great many Countess The Court take places to assist in a representa- mouth, so to speak, in these days of extraordinary politi- strangers te Parte at present, among whom many Amari- tion of a mythological'ballet, «'Tne Loves of Diana," cal Interest, that a boon of an additional twelve boors isI5P COO French stationed in toe north of Italy at this very moment, aad did not the telegraph send orders from Parte wbat was to be done at Turin, Florence and Rome? It might be thought that he was not quite impar- tial In thte question. (Cheers and laughter .) It w s s true that he and hte friends were deeply affected by tba suffer- ings of tbe Pope, but they had no fears for tbe Church, which was anchored on the rock of Peter, and if it was overthrown tbe Catholic* would not be the only ones who were crushed beneath lis ruinsAfter various speeches,pr» and eon, a remark made bymatsts speak ao as to he understood it would be folly not to listen.F » r t * r s P r o c l a m a t i o n to the PeapJe »*~ •anllta.TO THX PorTLATKHffl OF TSX India —The King ba* convoked the colleges for th* election oftbe deputies. „ „ _ ,. R te incumbent upon us that, if tb* national will should be manifested to be firm in tbe deliberation* take*, toe deputies of these provinces mayateo be legally electedand rect ived In the nsflrw*1 ParliamentIt was a great boon to Italy that the magnaninaos* Emperor of tbe French came with hit heroic legioat to Ago* with kte any the King tee war of to,d*pende»ea Norvre* It lees a boon to confirm and con*ohaate after th*_rtetory the principle ef aoo-interventioo. Thus, to w pr0*''»*r verinedtheinemorabteasntonw, "Italyahoold belong to Italians "Is moments of Incertitude, confiding in the tmte you have placed in him, jon haveonly heededtbe P ^ t * " * * of honor, determined to resist at every " • V t t * _ T ^ T * ; lion of the fsilen governments, and to proclaim Vastertitndes Dteoord, dtesrder and crime emigrated heaoo wnb fbe tegstve sovereigns. The people have avenged themselves of ssdentsnd recent wrong by forgiveoea* wilb order, dtecipbhe and perseverance tbey have shown themselves worthy to be free.In tbe interim, an army bss been raised competent ne only to repel the mercenary rocraite gathered by pre- tenders from tbe vltest slum* of Europe, but to dwoerse them Tbe deference due to benevolent Powers, and a practical sense of tbe general political poaitien, auggested endurance m tbe face of calumniating hyposrtey and^rofrbaTatength become convinced that tbafabSa Governments had no other foundation than that af for- eign arms s that without foreign bayonets thsy.eootd neither be retotteted nor >atetaiaed , J f ^ TM " 0 " ^ weald crefite deep and ooatinaed d * * ^ ? * " vj*£ aaateat tbestt tb* public mind was roosed, aad teat every ian of hoadt « » * * * £ • £ , £ ^ , S n ^ t e b egoat ahead indronla-»ap te sKsaetattoa* Histe vary unequal and, so tetootory tew. Trolloppe's novel— TM * dnlteisa Itself It is now ra- ^ ^ t o r a t n m e the History ofwhich is executed in tbe gardens. At the conclusion of this interlude, Pierre, who is upon tbe point of •peaking to Lsora, te accosted by Fra Antonio. He tolls him that Laura refuses the alliance. The Duka wishes to know theequal to a week of tbe old times of stagnation.I mutt reform you that tbe note written to the Sardinian Minister hero by Count Cavour, in reply to tbe despatch addressed by M. Thouvenel to Baron de Talleyrand, the Fretch representative at Turin, in which was embodied the chief points of tbe Emperor's speech in regard to Tus- cany and the Romagna, te generally looked upon as boding mischief. He says the idea of the Vicarido would mestThe Empe'or wishes to ann« Nice and Savoy, becauseEngland—lkt Note of Count Cavour to the Sardianhaps a notion of regaining the fertile plaint of Lombardy. Peschiera, that so completely commands these same plains. has received an additional armament of one hunireiThe Rnseo Austrian alliance, with which the London td a treaty of alliance with them for certain emergencies " What are these emergencies—what are these compneaChronicle has been startling the London Stock Exchange time y Can it be that any one is looking after tbe aickNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDA Y,MARCH 27, 1860.-TR1PLE SHEET.es to close his frontiers against any future enmity of tbepowerful kingdom that te being formed at his doors, aidedas it bsa been by his treasure, and the blood of his subjects.This narrow strip of land la naturally French, but Eugliab. right, " and Venetia remains with Austria, ami the Arsh- members of Parliament cry out against the annexation.St Jean—the Duchess of Malakoff Give* Birth to a Daughter—She is Visited By the French Empress— Entombment of the Remain* of an Old Marshal qf France, de.shal Count Rellle—whose death, by the way, rendersU t e r i Pnqect *$ a JfaU AVrvice via Panama to Aut t,aUA— Recfewkmatf ker Jfaj'esfj'* T*«atw--noatrtosts— LUermry MaUert, 4*:.the plains of the Rhine must be taken in by France. And alt Italy, will have lombardy only , and will have to pay toPope ttie power of a vicariate in the Legations, crib Savoy this is in a manner calculated to insult aad dissourage any Austria in good round sums " The former will not believe ror's speech at the opening of hte Legislative Session.and Nice, disappoint large sections of the Italian people other man than Louis Napoleon. The consequences of all it, but the latter overcome them with the evidence of I stated in my last that it was regarded ss a simple con-aa their aspirations after liberty, deprive Victor Eaunoel ibis doubt, uncertainty and double dealing will be to facts, and point out to them the treaty of Zurich. Another firmation of information that was already patent; but ss bring about a war that will sadly arrest the progress of overpowering proof is that Europe ia about to assembleaf some of the fairest Jewels In his expectant crown, European civiiimtioo, unless some speedy and reasonable in a Congress upon the invitation of France and the confirmation of forboded evil te not the less depressive aad prevent his Majetiy from receiving the prood solution a arrived at. (t is vexiog io see members of the Austria, who will bring bt fore it the stipulations that it has in some measure been anticipated, so the cor-Prince Jerome Bonaparte the senior Marshal of Franoe«-The panorama of Italian politics has given us a neweceae. Low* Sapoteon'a test mere te a bad one. He prevent It, and show a foolish and insane f-sar of theirdukcswill be restored in Tuscan? and Modena, and theon the battle field of Tarvis. A'ter Campo Formio he Emperor of tbe French, of whom Humboldt affirms went with Massena to Switzerland. He returned to Italy positively that be te tbe ofispt it.g of an Illicit conaectiocwith Mm at, received the command of Florence, and was between Queen Hortense and tbe Dutch Aimlral, Orouatnamed sub chief of tbe French armies in Italy. In 1803 Vermel. Of the King of Prussia a number of amnarag he was made General of Brigade, and second in the camp aceexotes are related. It seems be was firmly convincedof Boulogne. He was at Austerlitz, and greatly distin that Henry V. would soon he restored to the Urea* of guiehed himself at Salfeld and Jena. At tbe battle of France, and was in constant expectation of betn „• invitedIbey ask tbe Queen to concert with the other Powers toCount Cavour gives in lva resignation, and ambitious Pied-wants 10 restore the autonomy of Tuscany, give the ally Tbey prophecy that oooe Savoy and Nice annexed, mont, that dreams (f tie conquest o; the whole, of Central something like a fair judgment of the effect of the Empe-tsUe of 'King i f Italy ." The Emperor of FranceBritish Parliament waiting their tune in fruitless aisous recoroed In the maty of Zurich. At the end of the third roboration of what all knew or expected has In this parti of tbe French army against the English, Spanish and Por-sions ss to the annexation of Savoy. All Europeans that act of tbe comedy they find themselves vary Jar, you see, has tafeea that course that is popularly termed have paid any attention to the matter, knew that Savoy from the declared object—"Italy fiee from the Alps to the"shitty shelly tog " He says Tuscany most not have, can but gain by the annexation. The laboring cissies of AoriaiK"'cuter instance been the cause of additional anxiety.To say nothing of the commercial question be- tween England and France—which the French mind isslow to estimate—the advantages of the Italian difficulty,tuguese forces. He was at Quatre Bras and Waterloo, and bad two horses shot under him. After tbe hundred days (what a lame and impotent conclusion!) he became gen- tleman of tbe bedchamber to the King, aad Peer ofeven If it be ber choice, Victor Emanuel fora ruler: they can elect their chief mag-'strata, but theirthat province are and have been for years in the habit of resorting to French towns for employment. Besides, why should Encland, with the precedent of her seizure of Malta,When tbe fourth act commences, Austria is triumphant despite ber defeat Tbe Prince of Metternich—her Am- bassador—is fitrd by Napoleon III AU alliance betweenFrance.He married Marshal Maescna's daughter.Our Berlin Correspondence. BERLIN, March 6,1800.choice m restricted to two, and these, by the way, Ihey object to France taking Savoy ? The English wrested Malta Austria and France is spoken of. The archdukes pack up with its Papal appendix, and above all the Savoy andFrench theatre, where the population of Nice demanded the "Ode Napoleonicone," and the "Reine Hortense," which were performed stnidst enthusiastic applause and shouts of - FKO I ImptraUnt"' •' Piiul'AnncauMt: The situation of the country is very critical."A lew weeks ago I was to Savoy and took pains to as- certain the real sentiments or the people, and found everywhere a desire for annexation to France.qf Europe—Startling Disclosures— Goocrnmental to Confiscate the Book, dc., dc.Order*Your readers will understand that at present all Interesttiaribaloi's time • now come, the King of Naples will centres in Italy, and that upon the settlement of the (Great surprise.)Tbe policy of Louts Napoleon grows more and moremytterlous. There may be a deep laid plan at the bot-tom of it, but to judge from appearances one would ima-gine that instead of conciliating the various parties he hasto deal with, he took a perverse pleasure in mortifying and portended a general disturbance. A fatuous obstinacyeach ef the contending parties.snd a wild ambition have unhappily conspired to change all this. Distrust reigns everywhere From tbe mer- chant's counting house to tbe Minister's cabinet it te all tbe same. The stock markets throughout Europe, those sore indicators of the public feebng, betray the general anxiety—not to say the alarm—of the commercial worldWt must confess that we are not justified im attributing tearproaabty " pitch in," the Ausuians will again, have a hostile army on the Po, and chaos «ill come again. There will be another chance for Mr. Jefleraon Brick to get en- teaftod la that dreadful yuadrilsteralItalian question dependa tha peace of Europe. Austria is making mighty efforts to prepare Venetia for the struggle that tbe Italians took upon as imminent Should the aa- nexsiiott i,t the duchies to Sardinia take place, tnere will be war bet ond a doubt."How!" said tbe legitimists; Napoleon 111. wants the restoration ot the AuMriau archduke*, and he advises an Italian prince to yield to the revolutionists."The liberals are ia ecst&cies, and they say to their ad- yersarles, "Ah' you are trapped'"affronting every one of them. By making over Parmaand Modena to Piedmont, be breaks tbe engagements en-tered into with Austria at ViUafranea; by secularising theRomagna be excites the Ire of the Pope; by refusing hteconsent to tbe annexation of Tuscany be disappoints VictorBar Bmaanto Majesty s government hat entered asslnsnnprotestagainsttheannexationofNiceandSavoy; Fortometimepastimmensequantitiesofwarmaterial hat share that matter will end. have been landed at Venice. They are at once forwarded toTbeCountCavourcomesbacktdpowerEnglandmakes four propositions, and, according to the fourth, it isthe national will wh.cn is to decide sovereignly theItalian question. Moreover, France acknowledges in her riois retirement, in fact don't know what to think or ilt Piaten of the 30th ot January to Count Persigny that it expectEmanuelanddestroy!htepopularitywiththeItalians;unhappystateoftksstgtto<**yunfoundedpanic.Tbemo- neyed classes are too Intel.igent to be du jed by the ma- and by persisting in his views upon Savoy he reawakens noeuvres with which mobs are aommines captivated.the Jealousy of England and endangers the entente nerdialt Their judgments are founded on tae logic of facts, aad to obtain which he is just revolutionizing the entire com- facts of evil omen are just now rather abundantThe rapprochement of Auttna to Russia—at first so pen mercial system of hte empire. Can it be possible that he fttely dented, and new so entirely admitted—cannot U re-I was spesking with an Italian gentle nan about the Padua and Verona. Rilled cannons of encrmous calibre are teats af affairs in Italy, sad saying I wished Great Britain replacing the former siege pieces of tCe Austrian fortresses,foolish. Quiet citizens, anxious to ply their industrial oc cupations, to make money and tasto the sweeUof luxuwhile immense stores of munitions of war are laid up m be same fortresses It is evident that all these prepara • Ions are for some object, and I can assure you that they date back to the time when Austria began to hope that a reaty wuh Russia was possible. Since that time she has evidently feit surer of her hold of Venetia, and has per-wwaM sake a direct stand and protect Italy aad the•eUeas sgadast all enemies, and let them have thegovernment of their choice. " No," said he, " we can-not expect that; hut we hope the Americans will be withas. Nationally, of course, it cannot be; but there are atasset 400,000 Btibustermg chaps In America who w i l lIke to be in some scrimmage, and they can never have abetter chance Under tenders like Garibaldi, Kossuthaad HenntngseB, with Neapolitans and Aastrians for foes,and the fair selds of Italy for a campaign ground, they had heavy rifled cannons. Austria bsa almost tinUhsd the g.'imace. But pnodenly it is rumored that Napoleon II!. by the restoration of tnc dethroned sovereigns, ant hotter report themselves at Genoa as soon as possible, tatnous fortified line which is to cover the Quadrilateral threatecs. to withdraw his support from Victor Emanuel•oatria has no doubt got cot saierable tijht in her yet, I rem i'ttchiera to Trent in the Tyrol Tnis has cost not if the latter is not satisfied wiih the annexation hat the Italians are rife tor a big war, and the followers less than five millions of dollars. Where does bankrupt of Parma and Modena, and if be does notbeen very fortunate here. We are told they were more malic comedy in five acts. I ct us await the end, whichsimple wants cause them thoroughly to identify them- selves.so in Ireland; but OH far as I can hear from reliable sources, this is incorrect The Pope will have to give up taking in small amounts and depend upon his allies—the Emperor of Austria, the King of Naples, and the Queen of Spain—for cash to pay off bis numerous hire- ling soldiery. He pays a greater totie than any other sovireuro, and so he finds quite a number or men to en-promises to perfectly conform to fbe beginning of the piece. The fifth act promises to be not less interesting than the four others. ,army. Free Italy. Everybody will applaud yon, even fbe is abcut te take. He urges ber to ia«v Pierre de Ue- your enemies; and the French nation, seetog you busy in oicis lor a hatband. She preicri to renounce the *or 1. working out tt» liberty of a great people, trtll forget to Fra Actomo paints a terrible f.toture ot tb»fcioshe com-date thirty patients, a magnificent garden, a small farm stitl.cit.bt to supply th • estsotlsbmont with butter, mlik, eggs, and poultry. Tbe bonae te diviied into separate chambers, and the term* of adm.amits in givtoM herself to Ood when ber heart is fnd of an- ask freedom from you for themselves." other love. Laura persists, and prefers the veil to perjury;ber bankrupt finance* with new fturtoens, a- to m manother clandestine loan of one hundred and elevea milhons ? I took upon every s^cesttoa to tbe power af Sar-dinia as a befeflt to Germany aad to Prussia, bote aa ac-count of tbe similarity of her tnotitciiona and as a aacarayagainst French aggression. But for teat purpose anamust retain tbe passes of the Alps, aad if the petitionersbad done nothing ebte than air, ,-i pub!1- »"-nnoc t^ afourth-He; at six. a good dinner, with wine of potage, twefrco from the Alps to the Adriatic."Yes," answer the worthy partisans of monarchicalto take back the archdukes, France repeats openly that she is sosoluiety opposed to all armed intervention."This betrg the case," nay the Italians to themselves, ' we are the maMe: s ol' the disposition of ourselves, and we would, indeed, be very simple should we place our- selves voluntarily under the yoke of Austria, cow that France protects us sganst all armed intervention."The partisans of mouan t.it al right also begin to reflect:"li France," they say to themselves, "declares against all armed intervention, what, men, will the archdukes do to replace themselves upon their thrones? The French government assures us that it wishes toelr restoration, but it rejects the only means by which tnis ia possible. What an astonishing contradiction"'The Congress, however, was about to meet, and Central Italy would have to yield to the will of monarchical Europe; but then we suddenly learn that Napoleon III., in bis letter of the 31st of January, 1859. declares to the Pope that the surest means of putting an end to the revolutions in tbe Romagras is to abandon tnat province to Piedmont.te a very common expression, "with one or *!! the great Powers of Europe." We feel that we are running on the edge of a razor, and that our wheels must slip some day. The Emperor means well lor France, and if left alone will doubtless rerendir/ner— indemnify tile Second Em- pire for the tosses of the Fint. But will he be teft alone Will he not provoke an armed coalition once more against France, and bring on all of us the miseries our lathers experienced under like circumstances)'It is a fact that every foreign Power te more or less dis contented with the speech, except one, which is Austria, who cannot conceal ber delight at the susceptibility of England on the subje:t of treaties, which, but a few months ago, when Austria herself was concerned, she held so cheap. The Austrian attaches are running about everywhere, rubbing their hands, and declaring that the Emperor's speech, in the annexation particular, is apiece of luminous logic; and now that the point of the sword of Brennns has pierced the treaties of 1815, to expect any thing else than a clean demolition te as illogical as it itliance a Myth—Rumored Sympathy of the Russian Empe-ror ui'Ji the Grand Duke of Tuscany—The AnnexationQuestion—Petition of the Citizens of Baden to the Prus-sian Chambers to Advocate a Solution to the Italian Ques-tion to the Interest* oj Gmstitutional Liberty and the sued. I presume this curious work will soon be fcsjbis tbe best way ot arriving at a solution; and in her des- Here la Const de Rechberg's reply, whizh all the gov- pa-ch of the 31st.of January to tbe Marquis De Monstier, ernment Journals were so busy in predicting could not beat Vienna, she declares that the execution of the treaty of Zurich, as to the restoration of the Archdukes, presents in- surmountable obstacles; she there officially pronounces herself opposed to all armed intervention. The legiti- mists, togetner with the clericals, would consign Napoleon HI to the Infernal regions. Austria makes a frightfulotherwise than favorable to French views, come at last; and what does he say?—"The Emperor (of Austria) has not changed his opinion oc the subject of Italy. In fact, he does but recapitulate all the old arguments, and remain doggedly of the same opinion sitll. To oppose a carrier to tbe more aad more encroaching progress of revolutionfeels uneasy at the dubious attitude of the Eastern Powers,garded as very favorable to the peace of Europe We as.. the doubters—the men of lithe faith—the meaning of the test despatches from Constantinople r We learn mat the Porte has appealed to the Western Powers, an1 'requestHas Ergianu anything to do with it? State. [ Vide cespatch ot the 24thof January, and impeTbe Austrian police journal! published in Venice has rial speech of the lM of M*rch ioHbt Piedmont, perfectly rich " And to tnis and nothing else, it is plain, from C;uutthe lollowicg remarkable heading to ooe of its columns — "Men are marching every cay to war—a great and su preme war—of which Austria conceives the most glorious h o p e s " Surely this is significant enough. Bear in mtnd that this great and warlike activity dates from the time that politicians began to observe the frequent voyages that were made between St Petersburg and Vienna by the Prince of Hesse. AH these things token Into considers! ion,unmoved by these threats, answers that shi accepts ab ce Rechberg's showing, will Austria consent, and nothing solutoly the vote which Central Italy tscalled uoon to give fcevrnd.uj on tae i0th ot March, trti the uoivereal suffrage—the Ihe Pope, too, if many of tbe hierarchy wbo affect to tnt>exslion or the autoitomy of the duchies. (Vide spt ak in his name are to be credited, will not so much as despatch of Count Cavour ot 29th of January. | bear ot a brother near bis papal throne, of any vicarious France will then probably withdraw her (50,000 menconcerned—asserts jiosittvely that the Czar takes a par probable In a rapprochement oo advantageous to the mterests of both"' Would it be good policy to Russia to relate tucb an alliance? Will .she hesitate to revenge herself re- entirely upon the confederacy which lately so deeply himi hated Her? By uniting MACwith Austria, she strike* Sar dinta, France and England at the tame time. Nor does the time for a deep revenge seem very inappropriate. fCe are certainly In no very warlike mood. Bat Russ,a calculated that while we want our brave soldiers at home, it te cot likely that we shall send them again to rot in Crimean ditches, to the maintenance oflaunch Is an event indeed. 1 was present last evening at On the whole, I do not think the monopolists are so one ol the last general rehearsals, and I can give you the much frightened as tbey anticipated. Now that they jrrunrur of an account of this work. Tbe subject is bor- have come to look on the commercial treaty as tin fait almost openly. There is scarcely a day that hundreds of rowed from the history of the dukes of Florence Pierre acccmpli, it is wonderful how rational they have grown. de .Mecicis is reigning in that city ; his dissolute habits, his Tbey think, and with reason, that an ad valorem duty of excessive love of luxury and of pleasure, have aroused thirty per cent is stili a very pretty protection, and thatbidding the recruiting, Aastrta sends troops to the Popethem do not arrive m Rome—some ot them still wearing Austrian uniforms. Decidedly, the Romagnas must pre pare for a struggle.against him the hatred of the people Julien de Medicis, hisbrother, whose habits form a contrast with those of thesovereign, resists lor a long time the wishes of the nationwhich call turn to tbe throne. A rivalry in a love matter in spite of all they have heard of the British love of malt, between the two brothers changes the disposition of Julien. are still sanguine enough to believe they have a roaring Pierre de Medicis falls desperately in love with the young trade before them, and the public generally does. I think, counters, I aura Salviati, who is secretly affianced to lock favorably on that portion of the Emperor s speech his brother Julien. In tbe first act Pierre de Medicis which ailuces to tree trade. In fact, the price of toe ne- has left Florence to seek at Pisa the ladv whom he adores. cessaries of life has increased so extraordinarily of recent The Countess Laura ia the niece of the Grand Inquisitor, years, that it te no wonder the consumer receives with Fra Antonio, chief of the Order of Dominions. Pierre, joy any hope of lower charges. Coai, which te every believing himself sure of succeeding with her whom he year becoming more and more the substitute for wood loves, is nevertheless desirous of making an ally of theA peaceful solution of the China difficulty now seems probable, or at least hoped for. You are no doubt aware that the English government has decided upon sending Lord Elgin on a mission to China. The French govern ment has adopted the resolution of confiding a similar mission to Baron Gros, who will leave with the English Plenipotentiary, lor Hong Kong, by the packet boat ofin cotton goods, with their knowledge of what te wanted and their general ingenu.ty, they have perhaps been too ready to cry aut beiore they were hurt The wine trade,< with Cochin China, and insure the rights of France inthat country. L s already known that Spain has sent aplenipotentiary to Tourane with the same object. Stilltrsope are being sent to China by both France and Eog mises to make known to the Countess the wishes of the tend.ial. U"is act every (hoi that would see the "unnienUoasilsfmiwhM hj fif IHil —TTJ". ''—. "*~~ " OC tained at dinner a day or two ago by Mr. Spencer, ourooorse, all theladios will come with s (w) hoop.How tone trsn h ho beforo you te aaer Tprfc trill get up sweo n arosrd af sMssatenrs as to bo ahsPte give a £500 bsasfM two njsjhtr, te widows and nhUdron of man of let- ten? I rtlhtr teteli i l j nm " tft rtililliig s " in New Task are ao divided aad sat agatest ana aaothor to politics,Consul. Over thirty persons were invited tef meet the Minister. Tbe ladies were en grmnde toilette, aad the whole affair was mest brilliant.The second act represents the gardens of the Palace of Pita. It la the anniversary of the "Kte de* Luminaires '' Tbe soldiers, wniie waiting for this great national solemgreaion that the it hoarding up anununsMm accumulating rifled oannon, and borrowing wnUkm in aery mark-t im'Europe'r Austria is smarting underbuy.8 A, M. It is expeotei that the new arrangement will be in com- theatricals and dinners are numerous aad well attended. city to commence, are amusing themselves playing at the plete working order by tbe 1st of Msy. For my own As a general thing these affairs end by a little impromptu game of "morro." A flourish of trumpets announces the part, I am much pleased with the arrangement, dancing to the music of the piano. It seems that there is presence ot the ffiuke, followed by bis court, who came to for, instead of being oollged to post letters on Thursday no wrong in this; It is only when the dancing te to the assist at the feu given In honor of the beautiful Countess. for the mail leaving Liverpool on Saturday, I shall be able teat pubbshei a novel—" Miles Chsstdy's Contract," and music of a hand that harm is done. Surely tats is a nice During the soiree Pierre determines to propose to the to post a day later. We live so completely from band toParis * very gay, alt hooch we are In Lent. Balls have been given up lor the moment, but concerts, privatepeace, Ihe fact escaped Count iiechberg when he tocao liously observed, "No, we should never hsve made tnaiirand Inquisitor, and he asks of him the hand of his niece. Fra Antonio, who sees In this alliance a high road to honors and power, gives his consent, and pro-The new pastel arrangement with England, by which a double servioe is to be secured, gives general satisfaction. Eleven hours arc allowed for the transit between the twoIt were much to be desired that the friends of Sardinia would seriously consider tbe danger that ooofroou tbem. It te useless for them to hope to force France Into a false position. If she cannot carry out the letter of the treaty of Yiilafranca, she will hesitate to violate its principle. Upon these points she appears le have spoken ber lata words. If an ambitious or mistaken poacy forces oa a contest where Austria would take the field against aegres sion, and Naples against revolution, what are Sardinia s chances of success? Withou". throwing to the Pope to to dine the balance, such a combination would be one deep- ly hazardous, perhaps fatal, te Sardinia. Let ber net be deceived. Austria bat oaten her leek far too bom b l y , and played her game far too steadily, not to mean mtechtef. Is w only to ream eg.Sovereign. Julien de Medicis learns the projects of his brother.capitals, win Dover and Calais; and, the arrangement will stand thus— Day Service.Departure from Paris Arrival at London Departure from London Arrival at Paris..VtoAfSereice.Departure from ParteArrival in London fi Depni ture from LondonArrival in Parisweatherpermitting,7 A M. 5:60 P. M. 7 A. M. 6 P. M.7:30 P. M. A. M 8:30 P. M.PARTS, March 8, I860.JPebtic$—A Curious Diplomatic Comedy—A Few cause of thte refusal, which is revealed to him by tbeDmlaemmtt in Regard to Napoleon's Present Policy— Grand Inquisitor in the presence of Juuen and the Coun- tess. Pierre, furious, demands that Laura be sent to a Sat Onste of Catxmr ami Napoleon 111.—A Diplomatic convent and compelled to take the veil if stie persists n aad Bern « has been PaMUstt-th* Secret of the her retaaal. The enemies of the Duke gather aroundP a t e s ef fsOafrmm *'Napoleonic Idea*" Once Hurt— A Clue te European Complication*—lk^ New Opera of "Pierre D$ Jfoftrir ," dc, dc., «fc.We sre now taking part hi oaa of the most curious oftba diplomatic comedies that hava ham played during the etatury. Wa are j u t naw at the tMaaatai fat, Will tbe play aad with a battle? I cannot tell you j e t The comedy te to Ire acts, and we am now at the end of thefborth.Romagna; and tba Pope, on his side, would probably give a leas favorable reception te that combination than if tee question was MM absolute separation of that province. Tbe Count thtokt the object would be obtained by tbe King of Pieamont admitting the high sovereignty of the Pope and pledging herself to oo operate by arms in the maintenance s? tbe Holy Father's independence.The proposition relative te Tuscany exhibits a veryvote of tbe people. Whatever may be the answer, theDuke conjures ber to yield to hte wishes, but she te inex Sardinian government has declared It will accept them arable. Io this situation the voice of Julian is hoard. He without reserve. If Tuaoany decidee for ber indepen-hastens to his beloved, but the Countess, yteldinf to force, dence—good. If, oa tbe contrary, Tuscany, Romagna, bids farewell to Julien and departs for the convent, la the Parma and Modena Indicate their firm wish to be unitedmidst of the Imprecations of Fra Antonio and the angry to Piedmont, the King's government will not oppose it. outbursts of tbe Duke. Tbe second scene represents the Rather than oomprotritee MM great work of the regene-at Ptombieres, in the summer of Napoleon III. IB sojourning, Tf» President af the Sardinian Cabinet, ar- * ^ , » * * * * dtdtMtttnt at aa Italian Union under tbawu» * «W t e » ,taking the vet; that there is uo time u wishes to sava her from that extremity. accompany Julie* to tbe convent.telottuhe H-J decree toNapoleon admitted that tt was the auttuie of Prussia that prevented htm from ptosecattag his victorious career. In the face of tucb (acta, it whl not oo to talk about svtal patbixtog with Austria. (Cnaersj u te ui^LwwstTbe second sceoe of the lourth act represents the cha- pel of the ci nvertt prepared for the eereu»«uy «.' Ukiog"True," says Napoleon III., 'my subjoin are inftnitely she iovts Jubenai:d wishes to belong only to htm. la sion are fivt francs per oi<-m Tor this remuneration each more desirous of military glory than civil liberty. They the meantime tbe crowd arrive at the gate* of the oou patient has an excellent room, dre and candle, tbe atteal- vent, and thaw break them down to effect aa entrance. ar.ee of an able phvsici*n,nursHU day and night, and Pierre e'e Medicis and Julien, wbo is suoporuog hit food in abundance of tb- bent quality, and cooked in t i e brother, arrtte. Jnlienteat the head of tbe soldiers. most artistic manner. In the morning there Is chocolate,nrefer a flag taken from an enemy oo the field of battle to the most liberal institutions in the world. The project is BUfhctently tempting. But if I drive Austria and her archdokes from Italy, what, then, will you give me in ex- exchaaft?"very manv lyrical situations, distributed with that know- ••In tbe lint place, answers tbe Count Cavour, "the ledge of the stage which oocstnutes one of the salient quali-subject of such vital interest, I should welcome their pe- te a or coffee; at eleven o'clock an excellent dVjVuwer a la tition with gratitude"Princess Clotilde for your cousin, the Prince Napotoon; then Savoy and Niae.'' »ties of Mr. Us St Geo's talent Among the mirctatta which merit the approbation of {he critics, we most cite the following>—to purvey—hence one secret at tbe excellence of toe eni- Pmttlaa cation, on whom aom- passages in a leepevett «ta« This it a duty perform?i by the brethen. AH night from the Minister of For> ig* Affairs to ia« Aoibtsseierlong a certain number watch tbe night through, to answer in London, savoring rather struts ly of legitimist proTbey come to deman-i iAnra of the Ureod Inquisitor, bit too late, ber hair has fallen, her v o * s are pronounced, and already she belongs to Ood only." It la a bargain," says Napoleon in ; "the Princessdotilde is of noble birth, and this alliance will give eclat a warlike march with a charming ivthm, which cannot Tbe cieaaiioeta, ventilation and perfect organization of prerskm. It was probably to dissipate the av.treheontoo*to my democratic escutcheon."The second set opens at Parte on New Year's day, 1869,with the compliments or lbs occasion, when Napoleon III. says to the Emperor of Austrls that be regrets their rein- tiens are not as friendly ss they might be. The wary people, who have seen France during the last months of868 engaged la making extraordinary warlike propara- lons, know what to think of the good wishes of his French Majesty for his imperial brother. They are not astonished to see the comedy turned into a tragedy. The principal cctdentsof the second act are Montobelio, Magenta and Solferino. Everybody imagined that tbe French army was goirg to force tbe famous Quadrilateral of the Mlnci J; but the Emperor of the French is too ingenious a spirit tolet the play finish a1, the second act.Now we come to the third act, which is full o' incidentsas interesting as unexpected. Europe dtscovers.on awaken- ing one fine morning, that a peace Is signed between the Emperor Napoleon and the Fnnperor Francis Josephfall to become ardelightful quadrille air.In tbe second scene of the first act an aria of Mine.the Hoe pice is bet ond all praise. Tae gentleman whom I excited by this despatco that w ae .-i-tilcnisu taoogbt Visited was a man o* great literary attainments, who in proper to enter into some •xp-enattoo* «u u»« o w e af tae bis eld age was afflicted with cataracts forming on his debate. "Tbe proposed Congress,'* be said, Mnad not'• How, is the peace signed?" exclaim the liberals, whobelieved the promise of Napoleon, when, in his speech onthe 7th of February, he proclaimed that Italy should be ^Minister—War Feeling Predominant—The Hospice deIn the first sot, the duet song by Gueymard and Obtn,Sufficient time has now elapsed to enable one to formNice annexation, there is, besides, a certain consciousness of "breakersahead" in the Emperor's language, when,as fuel, and angsr, are commodities which already, to the distance, fascinate the eye of the million.principle*.M Bon in— a member of the ultra c maervative portion— J alien. They wish Julian to put himself at their bead and with aa absolute restetence on the part of the people of that tbe Italians were rebels who were ia open miurrocassume tbe ducal power, they agree upon a rendezvous for the following night on the outskirts of the Campo Santo.In tbe third act Laura te seeking refuge in a fisherman'shut, conducted by a person whom she believes t -voted toJulien. but wbo ts In tbe interest of Pierre. It is (n thteplace that Laors is again to see ber lover. But Pierre andUon against their legitimate sovereigns, and were there- fore unworthy of sympathy—brought oat M. Vincke, the cbtef of the advanced liberals, and tbe most eloquent speaker in th* whole Assembly. "You talk of rebel- lion,''beaaid. "of rebellion against legitimate prtnees but I ask you what tbe Italians could do when their legi- timate masters had not tbe courage to remain at their potts, bnt chose other rulersr If the legitimates take to their heels, some one else most be found to replace them. Do yon call that rebellion ? In 16-is the same ease ban pesed In England; James II. abandoned hte throne the people chose William of Orange, and afterwards tbe Houseot Brunswick. Tbe English call thte their glorious Revolu ton; history has confirmed the appellation; sad so gen- tlemtn. please not to bore us any more with your rebel- lion. (Great laughter ) As to its being tbe mission of Prussia to uphold tbe rights of legitimacy, do yon con- sider Queen Victoria legitimate? How te it with Spain, with Portugal, with Sweden, with Belgium? Is there a statute of Itmiration to rights ae well as to debts* Would you engage Prussia ia a crusade to restore the Stuarts aad the Bourbons f If not, then for God's sake,gentlemen, d e a l bore us any more with your legitimacy. (Peals of laughter ) Tbe deputy from Cologne expatiates upon tbe Germanism of tbe double beaded eagle; for my part, I cannot find a stogie German feather in the whole bird. iu...t* bss dsse everything te ber power te impede tbeu s t ) <f Germany, and least of all has Prussia any rea- son tr. be friendly to ber. Only think of tbe pesos ef Villa' * oca' It te now sufficiently notorious that testFra Antonio are ahead of him. Both come to make a teateffort upon the mind of Laura. This time the alternative strcng opinion on tbe part of Count Cavour There mastis to marry Pierre or ba consigned to a convent The be no equivocation as w tbe form to be presented to the> .twos af the House of Savoy. Campo Santo. The conspirators are assembling. They ration of Italy, the honor ana Interests of tbe King re- «C IMS, tea Count of Cavour hat flock to Julien and swear upon the tomb of the quire that Kay should encounter tbe most' perilousrmm-"-^ *oo *"WUbiHCof Austria's withdrawal would compel her, and wteh to keep upanymother of tba Medicis, to deliver Tuaoany from the tyran- ny of Pierre. The revolt te becoming full of excitement, and leaves tba Campo Santo to burst forth in the city.The fourth act represents the environs of Pisa. Some soldiers, intermingled with the crowd, are drinking and be- coming tipsy while tba combatants a n engaged. Tbey •seer at the civil war, concerning whloh thsy have no care. Pterin de Medfete, dangerously wounded, rushes into tbe midst of them Remorse te in his heart; be withes before dying to give tba Oounteas to his brother.He speaks to the crowd;he tto the crowd;he tells who he is; but no one techances.I find bat one feebng predominant, whether I consultwith iEformed men orlodge from tee tone of diplomatic circles, teat another war te inevitable are tbe Italian dial- cuhy can be Solved.l b tarn from poutical clouds sad war alarms.A few days ago my attention was called to an institu-tion in thit capital, the object of which te generally batlittle known to foreigners, bat which, to these days olFuof expelhog w^bdb fhhM si bto haveUntitled Documentother parte of the kingdom. It had amassed wealth,and became, therefore, obnoxious to the general raid onall such institutions !>s organization consists of a bodyof brethren bound together by a TOWof poverty to devotethemselves to the succor ot tbe diseased, no matter of of Austria herself for Pie-lmoof t» form a stroac wbat nation, of wnat religion, under what ctrcuaatanosa. barrier against France. Sfc* aad neater give a amj huts of meat, pastry and dessert, all served to eaco ia There can he no doubt that tbe sentlateut* expressed Such is aa eutlloe ot this opera, to which there are bis rrx m. The cock of the esubiMhrqtnt is not allowed by M de Vincke are shared by the great o n* of tn-tbe bell of any patient, and there are lay brethren to per- form the menial officespetsities, and containing an exireruriy qualified as sect to the principle of non intervention, as aid down by Lord John Russell, had mane a very unfavorable imer nd act, a v«ry original feature; the troop of soldiers play- meicy of tbe uncertain attention of hirelings, he was re poned for an indefinite p*r>i>d, oo acnoant or dtfthreaoseCommercial Treaty—The New Postal Arrangement with tinguiebed perrons in the arts, literature and fashion, died a few months before his illustrious friend. Tbeevery Friday at the Louvre. veteran philosopher wat to tbe habit of imparting to him This day tbe Church ot tbe Invalides receives the re- hte real opinions in relation to the high and mignty per- mains of one of the old braves of an era of giants. Mar- sonages with whom he habitually associated, aad we are thus treated to a aeries of piquant disclosures which willspread the utmost coosternatoa among the Court* ef t o rope. Hardly a single crowned bead la spared, beginwas born in 1775 He Joined the army in 1702, and becameaid de camp to Marshal Maasena. He was made Captain ning with Frederick William IV. and analog with theFaiti.sk his brigade broke the centre of the rtussians, aad st tbe battle of Ostrolenska his gallant conduct procured him the appointment of aid de camp to the Emperor. Ho wss at Wap am. In Spain be commanded the right wingto pay him a visit at Versailles. Hit late ministry are characterized at a strange jumble of knavery and imbe cility. M. De Ravena, the Minister of Public Instruction, was, says Humboldt, tbe greatest fool of them ail. Tbe Prince Consort of England, also—"the band- some husband of Queen Victoria"—te alluded to to terms tbe very reverse of nattering. "I know," be re- marked once to Humboldt, "that you have a predilection for tbe Poles, but tbe Poles are ss usworthy of your regard as the Irish " Altogether It appears from this correspondence that the author of "Cosmos" was much more imbued with democratic ideas than is general- ly supposed, and that he feit a sovereign contempt for the courtly entourage to which he paaaed the greater portion of bis life. Government wat so much scandalized at thisThe Policy of Louis Napoleon—The Riitso Austrian Al- escpoti that orders were given to oonnsoato the book; butas extracts were published simultaneously in almost all the German papers, for which of course tbe most racy pas- sages were selected, it was felt that tbe prohibition would have co other effect than te increase tbe eagerness with which the forbidden fruit was devoured by tbe puboc, and tbe embargo was taken off two days after it was is-and is afraid that the negotiations going on between may result in a coalition against him. -them cotmopontem, ought not to pass unnoticed. The institu-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetllto13069inNYorktaewtionJs called the Hospice de St Jean, and te situated Inwww.fultonhistory.com 