 lUIUL Of TIE CITY OF BiLTMO^ THE MAILS BY THE AUSTUUSlAitTHE REVOLUTION 1/4 StCU-Y.Arrest of tfce Count delin not COB Armed.MTTattlHC 01 BOARD i ILVOF-Wlt,St.the rocm part of the time.Mr. John J. Bell sworn Baabaad of tho a n t wbnats-Our Xtotdon, 0'ipenB»f«i and Petersburg Corresp-odence.ber UiUe deck, and went Into the cabin whero slept hor officer, Colonel Vogt, and had been condemned to MeM to hftveft saowMiii ouort d'keure before this Savoy Nicematter is settled. Some of the most determined patriots by court martial. HH sentence wet »aimuted by Prince of the latter place have even been heard talking of per-Bishop Odo, said h e would have made a good soboolmis Thortrowishipatyof Baltimore wrtwl tt thaport ter, sod tbe flagellated hoys would have cried'Oit!doiyesterdaymorning HerdklesaretoIStbmet.,thesame Ob' donl" Now,that is tbepresent state of af-Prime*QorUchakoff—atBournes tKe sfais- Chtmge of sfiwaa-wtvooftheringleaders,comprisingtwomarines, cannotgetbloodout on* saris a artillery and two seamen, were sent on boardattendance was not confined to those most elaborately dressed, there being some or various classes present. The general eotduct of the audience was most ex- emplary,andtherewasanutterabsenceofthai tittering, andether signs of levity,that wehave noticedononeortwopreviousoccasions. Itisafeature of some remark to this movement that the work is not dene solely by tbe gentlemen, for there are several ladles who have been taking a most active part in it, attending tbe meetings and explaining their objects to t h e unfortu- nate girls, and performing other good actions with suc- cess. vVe may enumerate amongst these Mrs. Alexander, Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Spinks t a d Miss Gibbe. all of whom hare labored most unceasingly. Witb regard to the past meetings and their results, it may not b e out or place to say a few words. It h s a been remarked b y some that these means are foot likely to check the great social evil perceptibly, and therefore they are ot n o value; but, a s it wss remarked b y one of the gentlemen who took part inarrenic wouid he more bkely to vomit persons; Shankft was In the afterneon; think Mr. Drake asked Mr. Harden.WilsonFox,tnIntelligentbiyof fifteen years,oilnot knowwhatitwastobeawitness;hadbeentochurch andSundayschool. TheCourtdecidedthathashoaldba •worn—Knew Harden; tawhimtnCourt; heeameto Mr. Winter's, where I wss, one night about ton o'clock, Ihad gone to bed; he came with Mr. Winter; want away about half past three o'clock in the moraine; 1 drove b i n to the Asbary depot (Central Railroad); b e wore a glased cap; I left him at the depot; the depot man had not rtaea, kmgotuptoonafter:ttwas dark,butbebadalighthi the house.Cross examined—Mr. Winter told m e to take him: h a d breakfast before w e went; had teen Harden before then didn't know him when 1 took htm to the wtpoi; nave teen htm since through the cell door; b e w a s la the beck cell, right band cell [this tu Harden s cell]; 1 knew hist there; nobody told m e to go there; I didn't see aay one with him; I wasn't in the Jail; 1 recognised bim as the man 1 had driven over; h e dlln't aay anything when I drove him over, except that " it was pretty moody."MX Victoi T , where It is supposed tbey wlil b e tried for theirma'dnowsoemCuc*,. Variousrumorsareinclrcula- ttonasi•the<ra..seofthedt"turbine*anditsextent. Toe Bpright'ysteamerwasorderedtobask herfires,an!tbefreedom cr txchange—never makes headway in this thenever thrive, andnineteenh century. A coony, to thrive, most have acertainamountofselfreliance,andnotbealtogether proppedupbyStatesupport,andgTounddownbyaStale Catbciic cbuicb ana a passport system AS well mightbeen eaptured ha* not been COL. firmed.As official decree inthe MmOwrof April12notifies that to Auttraba, and seize en tbe British ElloradoTHK ORTEGA R1T01T—INDIGNATION OF O'DONNkLL— THE REBELS—ORDER OF TEB DAT TO THE TROOPSw> h i m s e l f s s b a r e r o f b ' s j o y * a n t w o e s I n t h e p e r s o n o f Made mcwetle Vtctolre Balfe, t o e oeleorate i vocalist, au 1* * J * ^ 2 j _ 1• verythrre, white lb* honorable Baronet w oa <ae shady M e of Any The marriage w a s ft>lemtiz-1 t t ?t Petersoirg,wbe-c be2BtheBrush MDieter Pl*n poten'terylb* tteamihip Great Brtato h u made a vova«e to aut-traHa m h'ty five days, themby demonstrating thai the T o y e g * a r o u n d t h e C a p e i s an s h o r t a s b y S u e x .gentle,Ume,snd graclnf *»V~*US ^ d S m u S ,speech should h e given to the feaetalstood written nowhere in the constitution that the boomcould not deliberate in Its present state. If the chamberonly existed after the vwificauon of powers, why had itbeen sworn on Mt nosy last? a n d tt deputies were n o den first. (This witness corroborated fete whVaShsBspertfir OKmtrtl of Commerce, Agriculture and In- at tbe antipodes Bow true that is, I cannotIN AFRICA, RTC.A pilvate letter from Madrid o f t h e 4th gives the fol-oostry w>U prooeed u> an inquiry for tbe purpose of in- jishii'rrc the av.r»(te pnct* of the artxles sJmittM SD%OFraore b y the treaty of commerce with EJgland, initx anad wu<wsmduty uponttiem. (tarLondon Corre'spondomeo,pretendtosay;butIbelievothe world wtIbeveryfor- turate tf ih*re o not a terrible war In Eu-ope to loss than twelve months. No two nations wer« ever betoro so actively pr*paring for great events a s Great Britain and Fre.ee a*,this moment.A cannon is about to b e tried a t Shoebar., nees which, itIsraid,willthrowaballnltemiles.Tbettockmarketisinanuneasystate,anlwillcon- tinuetobetoforsomeweekstocome.named Count Kisseleff, ambassador at Pans, or his brothers Hierros, well known Carllst partisans, ap- tbe proceedings, that our life boats do not prevent to anyo fdisplayed let* of the mine aud till of the talk aud ce*gpap-r cisccssion. The meeting went oil'nu tsuaJly nupposcd to poesesa. The lmpertrJ Eagle of France has jest ma.'e a slight rep«t •f a small Sardinian rabbit, bat as tbe bead keeper ofshareholderst h eAtlan-Lisa than tb vi hisrily re«p«c'A01o quad-lations, the GazMe containing several columns of these meetings, and were now on their way to Heaven, such documents All the foreign ministers had waitedthe Bailaa fame preserves has made no objections,tbeAnglican Leo has not given o n e roar, not even a squeakUkt-asockingdove. Thinknot,bowerer,thatbehasIsctbisvalor. Bewonlyhusbamliag hisstrength,anl, that Is its name) Telegraph Company has sentCount Ccverin and Count Vronlchenke, who both died at their posts.cm, on bearing of tho rising, had offered to advance tbe govt rumen 6,1X0,0(0 reals at once, and even larger sums it ntceseary A noted Carliat chief named Mur, formerly adjutanttoCabrera,waswith Ortega TheBalearic telaDaa,notwithstandingthe departure of thega'rtson, bave remained perfectly tranquil, and (Jen. Mendttueta, Military Governor of Ararjuez, had been appointed Cap-crying, aad she wrote him letters, and I also wrote him a letter, she writing on the same paper (identified the let ter); there was no date to tbe letter, because she forgot tt (theletterwasoneofthosefoundtoHarden'strunk),mayhap, he will at no distant day n*\ e a boat with thean agent to Newfoundland, and a corps of en gtoeets are to follow to tbe next Galway steamer, to try and flab up the old wire, at the Trinity Bay end. Iftt found, "all right, Desauty '." then the lightning of John Taurus will again iilutntoate Bros lway,aai shine in'theWinder than a mother, more patient than a another to them; "For God s o loved the world, that H e gave H is only begotten Son, that whosoever heltevetb in Himshould not perish, but have everlasting life" Those were His words, and would they refuse that office o f everlasting life where they would bave pardon, power, protection,this was written: heeaid be had received these letters, and came to tbe house In consequence (Identified her hue. band's letter, written Dec. 1 0 , 1857); h e confessed that he bad erred, and had promised to marry her, and had to do it; be skid thit to Mr. Doriand and myself; after t h a b e olien made short visits; about Conference tune be came and eaid there were ao many rumors afloat, and if the would give him a release from damages to u t e to the Confer*noe, to show that the scandals were all tat-Frscce bsiIssued a urvp, saowicj the d':ff-.recC'> be-tween tbe Usui and the Albion of 1T6U and of 1960. Coloan i of tbe Nsw YORK IIKKAUI.Fram tbe former have b ^ n taken a.l of Jr.tsh North Mr. Shsflaer snd ha colleague, Mr. CrooVer. are soonsuit or Ortega, abstained from doing so on learning that the t w o most unpopular ones o f t h e whole the movement was of no importance.to commei c^ en the work of a northern survey from Din Asnehca, St. Domago, aad several more of the West In- mark to Shetland, Faerro, Zealand, Greenland, Labrador,Gen. El.o. who has been arrested in Spain, with hi< se- provteion and peace There were in this city, without cretary and three other persons, w as formerly an officer London itselT, 8.500 of those haunts, which were fre-bteuttful,charming ttrLT h ebridei itweu'.y-•hed bis blood tor tho " peasant's friend."he correct to suppose that this internal atftst on haspartlytedtheaction ofRussiatoquetwms of ogtoraalkoiicy; the noaoefnl termination of tha long struggle inthoCaucasus has proved that our mmtary reaources haverather iccrtased than diminished, and a popu'w warwould flno Russia stronger and more unltoo than sver.But it must be a popular war; for noar-a-days even too deliberation prtvlons to the coteulntton of tha chamber three weeks sfterwarde, for the trst trial ntehtbavwofastone;andagreatpotentatecolonies without commaroemight learn that commerce without free trade—orTHE L.ATKST. Tram,April11,18S0.According to news from Naples to the 10th, the Insur- gents, numbering about ton thousand well armed men, wereconcentrated in the Siciian Islandsandbadinter- ruptedthecanalscommunicatingwithPalermo.Tbe troopsquarteredinthatcitywereattackedeverynight. TheNeapolitanfleetwascruisingalongthecoast.John Parkes was sworn, and to! 1 tbe same ttory as th eNEW YORK HERALD, —WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2 5 , I860.-TRIPLE SHEET. '" _ _ .....«..1_._•>«_.,•!U^nlImTbe (ipinitme publishes the following despatch dated •sartor son board her Britannic Maleety's steamer Victory an upstart, witnout any balance at his banker's, attem.it danger. Here,too, however, s change of policy, and con- April 10: "The insurrection In Sicily appears to be spread-vers to bold themselves m readiness to proceed ia har sst bored tbe 8dgwr, should thuir services b o required.Thftnews thatCountMoctemoUn and bisbrotherbalto run an eppositon to an o il and substantial merciant worth a million.It is believed by many thattheactual designofthe French Emperor, in seeding a powerful land and naval force to China, is to go from thereing The despatch of troops continues. prevails a t Naples."Great agitationU>si»o.t, April7,1890. ifIkeJtnHihli-m—AFrenchPvtureofVuGaulcided,SLdamongthemthe"greatragquestion,"whichare both thought to be favorable to the policy inaufd-rsted b y t h e present Foreign Minister, and t h e groatprinciple of which is that Rissi* ought not to entaafleherself in coalitions with Western Eirope, b u t that, o nmidnight meetings bave saved some—and from tbe first at least fifty women have been permanently res sued, al- though nearly treble that number have gone t o the v a -Mrs. Catherine norland (mother of Mrs. Harden), a plain, middle aged lady, awora—live at German Valley; my husband is 4 miller. Harden came into the neighbor- hood about November, 185d; he first made himself knows tomeatMLLebanonCaurch,wewenttherebecauset neiaS,hor said the minister knew the family; flaraea said be wcute b e glad to come and see ber, and asked about mydaughterandailtbefolks;saidbewouldhegladto seeber,hedesiredtoseeher,forbehadheardher spoken ofaohighly, hehad looked over the enure con- gregation to the church for ber, but only aaw ber brother we most tell ber to cone to cbureh; ha aunthad spoken of h e r a s a remarkable child; they had been schoolmate* a t Blairstown, when s h e came home from sewing she went to church; after service h e ssked her if she waa going to b e home soot, thesa.d"Yet;"hetoldherbebalbeen toberfathert and didn't find her, snd would come next Tbirtdty to see her; b e did come and take dinner, but she was not at home; soon w e went again to protracted meeting, o a our way borne Barden came running after ber, a a d called"Louisa" be wont home with her. and afterwards called frequently:be came on New Year's eve, and the next week she etarted with Harden for Blairstown, where tha staveu a week, and came back with him o n Saturday; a s came then often, at Intervals, not stay tog very long, till the fall of 1857; at a schoolbouBe meeting he made Louisa promise to come to Mrs. Swazey'a to see him , he stayedmatsnthi»"*»!);Stverel turns to Mr. (1 aostone's budget are still unde- •f 17'0«i«<i 1800—iV Ternturial Acqituitiotuqf Mmgland will decide whether our newspaper scribolers aremud iXk-r Eurupean Xjttom*—Tk? Pupil 3rniZeman'i Pi- to have our French paper duty free. It is clear that only M r Gladstone's p e r uasive cloqaenoe perB*ild—SrtpoliUin GuardforUwServiceoftK? madetbebudgetgodownassmoothlyasitdid. Tnererious homes o n probation—it cannot b a said labors of the promoters have been tn vain.that t h eI'*mt—JFe Imxirrf^-m in Saj.Ut—mcUtical Afiir.%Qmtt--Aetjourr.miu of l'mrliai*'nt for the Batter R'.( n t - f . - t . r m of tk.' Ar>gkh tr«n, k OouxmerciaX Tr*atyas ttegard U>Paper—Tie UntcmpuloHt Character of tkt Vis a vast amount o f di«suis'asi>oo expressed lately a t some of its leading fealuns, and more sharp debate is exp"cted after tbe Easier boiida^e.Tbe racket and Telegraphic Committee are taking very vo^umlnius t- snmeny , aud great anxiety is felt a s to the decision the) will come to. As this committee smashedwhose Ingratitude o rhad sufficient experience.other names were mentioned, with no better foundation than the goeeip o f coffee-bouse politicians.ties will not be resorted to. Tbe Queen can hardly allow ber own cousins t o b e shot, a n d Ortega's life could not well b e taken if theirs were spared. Ortega, besides, bas had the advantage of being for many years an inti- mate friend of Madame Montjo, tho Emperor's mother iu-aw, and the nn-st constant visiter at ber house in Madrid. We may presume that all the Influence at hor command will be employed in Lis favor.A*VHJ>. 8<er end din MUrt—Thr LVe N'wt from Am- th* Dover c<nirsct on account of the game not being ob- These rumors of ministerial crises, appointments of newWxJii— 5f litstw* Say^n Piicdutxc F,U— Murrixg* of tained ef liie late government in a legitimate way, therea t r X T T Cramjitm, fr/mrrl* H fl. Mmitirr to the I wxiM Hutu- Quick trip of Lie SUaauhip Great fi-i- SMMinAuitralia, dVAnoU-r turn has bet n piven lo the great wboolotF.ipolitics. E-reryb-xSy **>» *tc noblemen -nJ g>.*u- wmprwtog h t r Maii sty's government haveisagreateuxmttofu&certatoty,audsomeparturtjauonamong the finest pubno park*with the antWred tnb«s, from whtoh » Uf"TM'h "^Jnot took upon Alexander 11 wuh tne same awe aad ad- mirationaathey didnoon his father, thereisnotoneof these simple minded children of nature who would notay at Algftf.a, anil t#o or three iiisugnificaat islands!n>'oatra;asi» Fran<* t>r«H«-r n * s exa.-tiy tbe same boua-sl»rws that itbat one bundre t \ n r : a^o. while Belgiumis anew ttatf, a n c I'mt'ia t n d (,-'ruimy hxve malehwge adtfiuens to their u-r-;u,riefl: \ u s f i a h a s beeomewosstrse 1 of Venet'.a, (ialliri*. tbe Tyrol. Dalmst-a, Ba- good authority thai hehas been vtry imprudent, that be our sab/ns, the lectures In our scademies and ouslj rejected. Muley-el Abbas, thePrince Imperial andkowtna, lst'iaand (>acor . ISu»s>a has twallowodiinland, has bttu ill for weeks and io the hands of doctors, and Ijvoeia. Li'liuania. Bts*«"it>*», T*,: is, Cajcaua. Ab'ita- that his American frenos are offering to be*, on layerstne decusslons In our market places ; if you generalissimo, baa been to our camp and signed the read our joernaie, acd especially our monthlies, and sou prclimiiitr.es. All the difficulties opposed to US by the boidmes with which, aeettlte th- censorship, the so- a savage country, without roads, towns, or re-•ta, treoig'.v AroJriiiA.a; : a (argt %h»r« i>f 1'oian-l, b«8i lea going nearly rouna l^e«•nld uitheeast—ouly stoppingat ts« inipregnabk scows of tbe Northern Rocky mountains.A hundred years l« a cot<?eoteui period to go back, bu* an era could be eet<ctea to provt almost any national po •moo tbatmigbt be ,-'*«ired V is t >lie h ,ped tn*.t the Emperorwillrealcunfeniwithht«boandariesotuue hasdr"dyearsaro.The olo gentleman at tbe '.'att-,an ha* fulmioatod some halts— the ln»l ot.e txoo -ar.i. inai:ng tvervbVy that b u SJtled, ars^ted, ab-it* J, CJ^II.V.'-I at or conaeuse-J V> toe ksH'•spoiiauoc ' It is VHSOOU • Ato>s Straiina, ApjBtoli- •al Cursor,' ai>d "I'niltppm, Magtsu»r (.'uraor.' a n d'• Never was heard such a terrible curse ' But What gave rweTo no liltm surprise.Nobody seemed "ae i**&ny tbe worse'"Oae account sa>s t*ie Neapolitans are gom.g to forra aguardtoprofct iboPop-1—ft^mlatmg toSarJiulatdai mtwo to one At any rate, very few are atall sanguine that Eeenau will come out first.Our Copenhagen Correapondenee. CorasHAOM, Mar-^h 29, I8d0. .TheKirtplomofDtnnM*'K—ItsGeneralFeaUi*ei—lteJlty of Copenhagen l\fty Ytart Behind the Agc—ledu&ixwxs of the Cirwn*—Fke Sphere of R<yyiliy—Tke Oirien of the Tir-ii—Dttr IIMen Park one tf the Finest in theWorld—Vne Arctic Exploring Vestel, th: Foot, d j . . rfc The American who visits Europe for the joint purpose of amusement snd instruction will probably find, oversources of any kind, in the midtt of a most severe winter, and all these tuSerlnge still further increased by the ter- rible scourge of cholera, have not been able to overcome j cur constancy. I have always found you contented andbecause " he was sd"young." (Mr. Bradley objected to the reading; objection overruled, and eicepuon taken. T h e objection t., it" ;ic«ev was that it w a s i^com. eu t.i e nbostil'iya tubesbonutolb*'Roctaitnaana tbe.Knil.*,or Tuscany , while others aa\ tbat young Hom'aa than through the medium o! tbs Immortal oard, of its• gmeg to do no such thing. lie booms to being "the land of Hamlet.'hate enough on bis bants just now , for a for-midable insurrection nan bnlo-n out at Palermo,Denmark comprises, within its narrow limits, ob;<vruof sufficient interest tooocupy for a loug time the diligentTbe police have lately paid literary celebrities in this citydomiciliary visits to some They bave seized, amongSBBorreeUoB, cncu'.tivated tlrlds, tyranny and \oaibaome Baltic blue. To tbe general Investigator It unfolds a pros- soperet'.uon. (X a pcuui«t»n o; 1 KuO,000, three hundred pect of the most gratifying description, opening uponallwere accused ; but documents have been found proving that these persons belonged to a vast association, whose cbject is to diffuse the blessings of education among the mass of the population. Tbe question of the emancipation of the serta isthat which shiefly occupies the attentionof thegovernment. Theinterest in it is greatersincethe delegates of the twenty governments have been summon- ed to St. Petersburg to deliberate on the question and to•hs j«ao* *»tanj ba • B*r***htaw | ^•aeaoghi •"•gt«*r»l a t *•* place i he,thousand, or one in six, are •-co.-siastlcs of some sort— asoaks, nuts, prioats an l car<uiais These are non pro* Aooere. and, like vultures and '.wtate, they devour CVK^ tamg aroiiiid ti"m . Sii'O vhe 'ays o' Diolorus Bscnius, the l*itnd of Sicily has ocen noted forsides golden mines for historic*.', literary and scientific researches.It is not my present purpose, however, to detail the manifold presentations of this beautiful "Kingdom by tbeour moat influential Journals, ii is ratherdue to the peasantry who have labored gratuitouslyfor ages tn the employ ot tbeir masters than to the no-bility who have hau the benefit of their labors It is pro-bable, therefore, that tho lniemnlty qiestlon will bepasted over ?ut>stlewtio to the fiual emancipationlaw.which is expected to appear about the month of June, anathe nobility seem to have resigned themselves in a greatmeasure to their fate; but, disappointed ou this subject, give tbeir opinions to writing. The day after the deputies they n o w come forward with other demands. If, s a y•» aat way ibeing a paradwe on earth, while in all Its latar Sea,' but simply to relate a few general facts connected history it has only been a vant human jail. G od w>rcs•••ready; be **to»ftrrt t •"•nine,, a noat h o own puryo-es by most mysterious means, bat it sroald b e grau'.j log in this iettarce to see tao Um? arrive srhea the csril should get bis own. The land tteri'ly hows with wine and oil, milk and hooey, and migut proibread for a population •>(tin m.Utoas of happy rwith the modern present of this gayest capital of North- ern Europe—Copenhagen.Copenhagen is a city, $ui generis, a n d although it carries no shell over it, and has no very high wall around it, stili, Itmay, without exaggeration, be regarded liketaothey, w e have to give up our property without remunera- tiou, let us gain at least in political righto what we lose ia material advantages;letusbeallowed todeliberate freely and publicly on our own affairs; let our industry be pro- tected against the foreigner; let us have a share in the ad- ministration o t justice let us b e relieved from all meddle-were received b y th e Emperor, a serious difference o f opinion arose between them a n d Count Panto, former Minister of Justice, lately ntmed President of th e Oomtnission. The delegates demanded that the Russian nobility should have a voioe in all affairs or state—in fact, they demanded a represen- tative government. Count Panto denied t h e right*»res b e c a n g * f l is evlot| * y before iIn polttkal mauers we are quiet. Parlla-neat baa ment, and think of the indomitable " go ahead" prluclple adjourned for the Foster reoess, .-*»m ha* sone to B-o*l of tbe Yankees hi all parts of the world, I wonder U itsaads, sod tbe paper makers and brewers hare ceased can he possible that they have overlooked this reigioa Itledge opinions which would only serve to make them ri has been allocated by the government, are intended to Rev. Martin Hunr sworn—I am a mtoister of the Gos- Mr. Robeson, District Attorney, read a copy of a sta- dicuious aad odious. A numerous section of oar public serve as models for the Russian manufacturers. A report pel; knew Harden since 1640; I married him on October mont served upon Harden, calling upon bim for tteIrnatUe with the CbsacsUor o( th? Exchequer 1 be- badtheHoa^ notcoontoacU'.siononthemain trainretofthebudgetwnenitaid,-••m.>oftheprommeatmay be, bowever, that they a r e satisftod with having abolishedthej»oundDr.es,a»*verelosstotbarevenue ofItenmark,andwhichtriendlyacttothenationshasmen, composed especially of the younger race of OuV.ialfunctionaries, while admitting the advantages of lioeralinstitutions,affirmthattheperiodhasnotyetarrivedforof a change of ministry, some time prevalent, isnotim- probable,InasmuchasthegreaternumberoftheMinis- letsareinvalids,someareunpopular,andotherswnhto26, 1858,1 never auopueo Harden witV powders to be taken either for the nearalga or anything else; to m y per- sonalknowledgebenevergotpowdersforthatdisease. 1attendedthelaorristownConference;metHardenafterwritten contract of marriage, and stating that, tf it ww* notproduced,proofofitscontentswouldbepresenwt Thecontractnotbeingproduced,theAttorneyprocessedBneasaresneverwouldbarepasse1.Thecryof"rags." notinaverygreatdegreeaogmenedtheaffootwaofthotheirintroductioninRussia,andthatastrong executiveisstillnecessarytoprepareforit,byimproving retire.CountsPantoandMonravieffarethemostunpopu- thedoseofthemorningsessionoftheConference,and toprcreitstubetancebythewitnessDuringthereadlsf»•raft,'' hastjtci-edeJ thetnoessant moaotonyoftae Israeutah «'o' do' " «>ae wouli supO-i-w the -* Isdiuos offisgkahlibertywasapileofoldshirt* Butthecry has not been so ttenseless. Too Eatrbsh are tas greatestpapereooenn^en.mtheworld, wntlethereisanDanesforthemTbe Copenhsgenera, I say, are very exclusive: and thisMduetotheseverity oftheir laws,totheirislandsitua- tionandtotherulesofsociety,whichareveryrestrictive. Therespfieastobeasortofwritofneexeatincontinu-the moral andphysicalconditionofthepeople,andby lar,inasmuchaspublicopinionaccusesthemofbeingop- askedabouthishealth;hecomplainedofpainintheface; cfthelettersHardencovered batfacewithha haoiaat gradually removing all restrictions upon' personal action posed to every species of reform. Among the last men- invited him U dine with me; w e toft the church together, seemed much depressed, h a cheeks and forehead reddtsabsolute pretubtiion on the article of paper rag* m tbe ous suspension over lhetr locomotive desires; and beingmosto;theoountries ofoonhneutal E rope. Theduty toameasuredeoarred theprivilege of going outtinycent. The Aebata oa the subject isnot yet endM. audtaaoy beltve the tieaty will not h e rattnel b y the Houss The royalty aud nobility have their parkJoular sphere of af Commons witboateoow m»oiu.-atijn. I hope so; aad movement—a magic circle, into which it requires more thenAmericawillcomeinforthesame advantage*. As thantaliamaidopoaer to effuctanrntrie. Thentnshm-to the beer question, that is not yet decided, or, s s o o s rah have theirs, tho merchant* theirs, shopkeeperstheirs, mechanics theirs, and so on to the bumoiest caste,hasa,nisnotyetknownwhetheraBritoneaabe anoeachoeavtoasandjealousottbeother,andallre'tomes oil of French paper here, wslte FranoewUl astal- most natural!/ act upon the counter principle, aad raise M rags to berxported except at a duty of W to loO pjr up barriers against a'l wishing to come in.On the 4th and 6th instant tbe Sardinian Chamber of doctor into his private room; saw nothing paas between Deputies wss wholly occupied with the veriucatton of the Harden and the doctor except this convernation; the docbecacte of dtfficalllea tn the church; he took her to Ramsey s five or six times and to other aolghsoni he never took her to church from our house h o t oooa after1to take a glass of any beverage, save */ua ist jssra, where begem bis food. The otsas known as"iioaased victuallers"are ntted tor famishing 00 victual! OA all, while giving themserrss the ntmos'. hoeaso to a iut iaadbeoevutheirbeertiuttbecomestbemostshornpugnant to a n y action of strangeis "not to tae manor bwn " They are extremely kind and hasviable to strangers; bat th:.- Is all. one might remamra Copen- hagen a lifetime, to eat, drink aud b e merry, but his use- fulnesstotbepeoplewouldhardlybeallowedtoextendevent; be Stated that hewassiFastentogetadressing per benches of the Extreme Left, having on his rijrht aide clothing store, a boot aad shoe store and a fortune^ t l ^thewathionofeveryhonestpapar buttbae,absolutelyharrowingtothenervestowitnessthemono- TBXTXEL^^^.!f*•WP«*-Whavenotonlythe tonyharosadooinparalivepauseinthogreatbattle0iod Ud^esvLM roortasollV,t-a* S"41 m M y m0rc"fr<* of life.In point of rapidity of movemert in connection withtho rest of civUised creation, Copenhagen is the hub o f tbe wheal. Tet the people appear to be psrficUy happy. Nowheio is there to b e found a city population s o com-» eonttituhen on the English pattern the artotocraoy the customary form by which a deputy expresseshisCross examined—The Conference m e t March 8 1 , 1868;Harden complained of sicknets attbe stomach, as well sey'a, 1louod one sao^e and oue partlr mate, aft r.w•WSS.WT M whtpped h e is aa Ataeriosi, h o t he n. nothing but aa Irithmai. 1'< t ^wa.ks antdrives,«a«ar^iW^L^5T*lfcmrhistorians aud toveltsta, your I'rasootts, Irvtoga, Coopers Hawthorn*,*c,havebeentranslatedintoo«v?raaci*Austrian* were atthe gates of Turin, it would b« idleto say that Parliament ought toremain inaetine becauaetbe members were not formally Introduced to one anathar aneocton't live till morning;" b e asked If s n e would turn's "!• ctnre room ' upon a holliay, one may tttesVhowhtao»»•••wIMP fassuble.Iintendtohsss* ^^w^^sw^smnaad five you aa ac :oant^"tHal ^.b**ca a a l*balar, andaversionofMr.Carey's••Harmmyoflowrests" is Just announced by Professor Btrage, one o'ta<< first po-•tiketobavebarparentseeaifor;shesaidshedidn't think she eould Hve till they arrive *; h e sated if she had any word to leave for them; she said only to prepare to meetherinheaven. (Witnessrepeatedtbeaccountofalmost every h ^ r <f th« day. Two reporters had * happineaa of Lear .eg th." same sernoa, momer so tveu.og innlilrrert.'b.reht.Ah-'ibecccnae.•«b- tidesof thi« ci'e v-r.-exeim>iarv io tn»tr attendant*sne tbe railway nde to tbe scene of action is to be £3; s o altogetherItwillcostthespectators a cool i'tydoii*s They believe that the fight either will not come off or if it does, that tbe Benicia Boy will be beaten. It is said onThat is a question which Just at present many psoolewould be radioed to answer In the negative Theforms of absolutism remain, but its spirit is graatiyweakened, and If yeu listen to the uix in solicited peace on tbe conditions which they had previonly that day left the hospital. He besought them to markthat tad story. They had a Saviour oa tbe one hand, andan awful judgment on the other. Some might say that ttwas all humbug, that tbey b a l money and clothes, lly a satislactorlly settled ) The oounae; for in* p osecn and that was better than working till they died of con- tion then read s letur, dated October 14, 1*67. f'om sumption. But those who said s o were dragging tbem Miss Doriand to Mr. Hareten, charging bim witb visitine down totpelL H e therefore prayed them not to procras- Bal. Greene, and asking her to marry him. she retoaug tinate, but accept the offer that night, and b e happy for-ss Aeify. Of course the Neapolitan accounts treat itMftbUy, and say it to all owing to (or*i&a«r«: and they survey of the tourist, of whatever character. To the sur- millions of male serfs in Russia, even a moderate remune- others, the papers of M. Paw loft, the Professor of History.wrengoaofarastosayitvsa£>-u:«of GreatBritain,whoareonlydesiroustoannexittotbeBritishcrown Wouldto heaven Great Britain migh> take it It would then b ehweroved and culuvau ', and be tbe abode of peace, beautiful walks, drives, aad refreshing breezes Ir>m the ptonty, oommerse, lea-cieg and ngh'eo'jsness, instead ofration for each v. oold amount to Bums which government is utterly unable to raise, and which, if charged upoathe peasants,wouldaggravatetheircondition insteadofImIt is said that several persons have been compromised bythese papers. TneindividualsarrestedatKiew,Charkoff,andRasanfacevieweriteverywherepresentsanaspectwhion can- not fail to pleasa—deUghttog him with magnificent groves,can world, where "change is the order of the day," it isthat could be inflicted on humanity. It hfti also a m y adherentsamongthenobility,who,morepractical than heir literary associates, foresee dearly enough that withisters (Count Cavour) unexpectedly entered and took h i s DlftoeattheMinisterial Board,when almost liirtantly a deep ringing voioe called out, "Amaawdo taparolo/*'—tt herself; I fortunetellersexpressedm ydisapprobationo fgoingt oher side from aewlng; sb- sewed a great deal: f » V * « * advisedusaboutthispain themaue bei-ticks,fc..W (ore the left home; she tool toe sheets - n * b w «o « * *^V^^l?a^/ ts^*^^a, •*••»«•.ha* plete;* contented. In passing along the street, one is im- ^ r a T w ^ ^ - ' S 1 w h , c h te ^presentedhy s,ve^*l question to the Minister of Foreign Affairs.'*Atth's ftage of the case, the oocrt adjourned until Moa.tea«r»e*•• no* ttfWattrasaedlateiy struck, not onJy with the healthy, rosy hue o a Thevanoostoboieqoa-u thocheek,hatwiththat buoyant,joyoos expressionof ' w*er oao after countenance which contrasts so strongly with the wan kok that we see even to tbe chtidroa of many otherjoumaia whom, aa tho Hmuu> is real a t S t PBtersoii* i,wouldbotnvtdlpuBtomention,butiuoorhStaChappy mixture of caution aad ability in diasemiaattnr their onions They pctat to America rethVr tnasTt, E^iTee Pretident of the Chamber offered a few remarks r e ktivetotheconditionoftheHouse, which wasnotyet legally constituted. ' yCountCavourbrokeinwithgreatalacrity,andinaviei bieBtatoofIrritationcontendingthatnodiscussionwas allowablebeforetheChamberhadconstituted waelf,excay TOOTmi g Tfcr;uryaremcrrr>« , anc. ext'a ..cueub'ea ' rre 'worn in. * •"•'* Showsaoatrce-rrertyp,-<•'Mrs Hard'D,bythek::'*"** ol the s-tt*t in B»!vider«t Hbe wa«attn«, aat.i.ttm".th gotd ismallsni •'•'•••irwBs, they are tndebtel to their 3altic b.-eetes on th e ltLi s s th e model which Ruaaia would d o well t> oceband,torthis,sadtheirpastimesta>damuacmonia imitate,andarecontinually drawing ptrafleUhacounirv p.ri, a'khwed and coci^ toted, thepour.Itherrr»rai*rarp.»«tobe* velopee.poctoeir:»',withtheadditionofa>^rys-aa^taosjassr. The one fires them hea.thy oolis«—thetwecn thestate ofsociety inthetwo<wn«r happy hearts. Mualo and dancing-, theatres a n i order to show that Russia, acotjntriea ia oept on the subject of the verification of powers, and add young country tog, with warmth and even a certain asperity, that erenToa are letAhi- **"° ia*> »*• tarsnotf of a ProsUUtUialrri ihrte on thai stda two patriotic geailemaaaTj T!^*.*TM?."*^* teaeral,keep them, after their labors, to a like Amorioa, has the germs of progress if a question were asked he would not answer it,ftltlsiositt more, sod forerer, whether Joaaahsa SI^SSlZ**''J* **y*'y Too garden of thetlvoi:, ia talent ia her, which are only r«nardea m their aro wiubvth'Lk it had hurt her; on Tuesday he went away again, Oarabaldi insisted, when Cavour turned to the Presi ana when bo came back shewas worse: be and Missdeiit,andinvitedhimtoputtbe"previousquestion"to tbevoteoftbeChamber.Garabaldt's friend, Laarenti Robando, hero addressedJohnhi«ht Thereistt> much" i"maaiy art ef setf-de hs»nknown throughout Eirope as one of th) the form of government. altofen»fi theLaaed stataarrS^yl|*rl»** spacuws.wailshaade!,andwateredayK , nareEUHdecWeulythefashioninRussia NoteaoftraveUiSir.'ihEattipwithhertoatnight;saidshehadtakeagingerteaandcordial,and threw up five rargeworms(witness repeated the accouut of his getting tbe butter- toclr-rch going andyesterday the cb'ireues wareoathesubject,aadthe V"««5h Itosa the saa. There *d animals are -n rata-Tbe ret dm t of Belvlrre seem u hearongly adiic-edtasioftftof t h o mass o ftflbcts are going tobemaieo otsora. a^wlai 7"S.^- rmare also the gar-theUaaUesrfnateTOe^.plsyermea" invewj. Tneotoe^h^! !f,,greeahnden,aad ak»ugtheInom* untotheve^ra^imo.^R.°L^.^^. «-.tavai^lvUntitled DItmustnotbethought.how-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069aadmeiodiot-al*js. 1»tbespringoryear,er«rmbas tatrl, broken from its t"»*»o». « • ^ " J % 1 ^To tre wcrxif \ to the woods'." *»<»«* ^ n t i ? « ( iknew Harden and his wire; roe ired a m waxes fr,»aiitoi on tbe »ih of March, aad want to RamwyT saw Har)lke be*s f.om tbeir hivesto tbrtr groves is an abaolote passion of the ° ^ ^ ! S L ers and they g.atify it to the qtBMmt; and .»ny toaory sUUgVr. a autorer from ennoi. whoso wandortaf^foot-this matterministers and dismissal of the old, are quite a new feature on the subject of their preE-iit deliberations. The faol In Russian society, and were absolutely unknown underThe MadridOar'fteofthe6thcontains a telefr<-aphlodespetch from Marshal O'Donnell to the Minister of War, to act upon tbe counsels which wouid be given to themthat tbe company has (our eotstlyseameit ouikhog, and thatthe coniractis lookeito asone th*'.will create a new era lor Ireland, lead m e to believe that the contract will not b. touch'd.The first animal meetingtic Telegraph Company, just passed, has cadei up somesmooth;y, but th* state of the balance meet has given During a reign ot thirty years the late Emperor had onlysome dtseatisfarlion, aad a committee of shareholders is one Foreign Minister, Count Nesselrode; only one Ministerstpointed to investigate the axountg of War, Prince Chemiehoff; only o n e Minister o f Poblic The IcHgraph corn xtlons over sea are beginning to beonce more active. The English govornmeut bare sent the Domains, Count Kisselefl; only two Ministers of Finance,for tbeir salvation.The Hi n a n d R e v . BAPTIST NOEL then rose, and toldwire to larila that waste unite Falmouth and Gibraltar, snd the French are about to conneei Marseilles with Alge- ria.happy for ever, to come st once to that Jesus who diedtor tbem on that very day, the 6th of April. It was thatvery day wben H e was in the garden a t (iethsemane tnagonyformankind,whomhewishedtosave. Hewasspatuponandburthenedforthem,andafterthat,wouli berfatherwrotealetterbeforethis:can't toll thetime tney aught him? He wouli take them, aidlove them;beAn agent of the European and American (IfIntbefiveyearssincetheaccessionofAlexandersnorechanges havetaken placeinthisrespectthan underthewhole rei^n ol his father, ef whose ministers only twohave retained their portfolios—viz : Count Adierberg tain General In the piaee of Gen. Ortega Gen do la and Count Panim—who, a s it happens, a r e just Concha, who was to have left Valencia with troops in pur-o fTo beoutin 0«t op«aUjmdUMBOS, April 11, XMo.JPoHMcalAfain inEmvf«~ Om%clUuu afiow—J»e*Vrac» £pn*l'ao h-m hither, potw •'"HrLTahoTTluS anofficertooneofour marchingregiments whowouldT1^ I w i l V * * ** •»«*ers Of Russia. Lastly, y o u will***?""* * • ""prised to hear that we have a ropibiioan party which * equal to any of the others in talent, if notwish t o address t h e House. General Garibaldi was o n bis legs, » profound silence ensued; when the General, in few, clear and affluent words, begged leave to interrupt the present discussion for a short time while h e o u t aaa neuralgia; h is face w a s swollen; h e didn't notice whether the doctor gave h i m powder o r pills; Harden did not go apart from m s when h e got the medietas.Mrs. Caroline Bell sworn—Lived a t Hackattsjtown; Har-den'! wife was my niece; reoeived invitation to the fnneral; a t Ramsey's, Mrs. Peter's said t h e funeral wouldtake p ace at one o'clock: 1 said that w a s very soon to buryber;Hardensaidthat behadthought of keepingber oilthe nest day, but from ber condition tt wouldnot dotokeepbersolong;saidonMonday, afterbeingaway fromheme,beinquiredhowMrs.Hwas;ashewasin- quiringabouthershecamein;shehsdbeencomplainingof pain is ber tide for some time; told her she would suf- and quick wmper fer tor coming through tbe rain; she said she didn'thave been published by Mr. Lacqmera. Captain ->aeata 1 * « fardans, aad Boil,of the General Admiral (nnoer the n m dtpt<i*«ofpool,thatextraordinaryoff.Ihoarttsaid,iarafteacaP»l?»•»*,lustPTST-^L.!?*.w*woer "»e Excel''or).MrE>merrkyandnr.Zimmerman,eoataiaiagtbehouseinverypassionatetones,p'eadtogtheurgeac/milkatMrs.H'srequest);biswifeturnedrt,<1b;1* * * ' * "*4t l muily rf toemostglowingacoouoia»fyourrepublic Tbeworksofyour ofthepresent situatioa, andcontending toat aa itthe overandsaid,"O,dear;tow sink 1 am!I feel aa IfI attended Tr.ea<-ruc.s arei-oarrangedthat,a*at•'ocumentnowthe FrenchwereinNtoe.«»•»»"««•,soBtoMan' re**for their BatnsbkaTsar, andalthoughthey mayhouae, tt was net htwful to deliberate as to tbe purportof a question, there waft, however, no reeeaa why the ques- tion itself should not oe put; he begged that freedom ofover withThe boos- was then divided, anl after speedily dispos f-hewn each other our statemeatt; no dew* w t p^-g^rlT bagoftbemotionbylines,"thatthequestionshouldbead- thestatements, butdont recollect R-uwas houiZrf journed " tt a opted the "previous question" by a ooa- should keep from ber; think that I heard her resilleiir- siCersble majority. but not before I wrote mine; can't aay that I have i s WThus w i s Garibaldi foiled In his first attempt to take n p my statement ever several timet; read It ovtrthe a aarmy bat oeased t o b e a machine, and there is scarcely rar^s tbe.r woods and walks on «»**» • £ " ' , £ * £ sot break hH sword sooner tnai draw it In the causeJVarot mtd Vmi. Force t- Ckina-P ognMUatio** for a witb tbem their songs, j ma with Jhosal*JTM<"~°?JSty EWep«as» War—A N*w Caumtm to lArwe t -JoO and gives himself op to their « ^ * TM ^ ^ S ^ ! 1 1 8 * Prince BariaUntky bas returned to TUBS, whore b e hastimedaybeforeyesterday;havenotrealitussvwfaTto tome weeks. ^ " ^ •Wm.Drakesworn—ResidetoWarreneoaatr---• went to Osnadt in February, 186» boarded at RamZv. abontfonrdaysafterbetort.Hardenwasthere^aarte. aid Mm. Ramsey had a converaaiioo aooat arteaienar denaskedmehowmucharsenicitwouldtaketoSia roanl said I would rather take half a teaspoosfel fan a tabkipooulttl. (laughter) I had never tried It («rsat merriment.) H e told me the Wast you could nytn tha point o f a penknife would kill a person ther had been using arsenic about th e bouse, Jtho Lew* s a d T om Partes were there: this was before brreatast to the an- ting room: Harden was comp.aiaiag, but did not seamm be much sick; b e was quite lively aai around as lasoaLCrocs examine I b y Mr. Bradley-We were wantat for breakfast, sitting by the stove; don't recollect teat the other met. Joined in t h a conversation: the conversation beganbymy telling a ttoryaboutanoxwhichwaftpat- soned with arsenic tor the wolves: after tbiaoravertatttn wespokeofMr. Ramsey's dog,whichshe thoughtwas poisoned; the conversation was held first snd before tbsi»th«Afifcs—rosarsStatee/tteStoe*sfar*st-sTr.STiaa- sec-, endoubtediybecomefascinatedwiththe^P*06*;been receivedwith frontrejoictaft,sndbaaissuedanthecauseotbisnativecity. Cavourisevidently bentonThe celebrated' Fox, known to the worM a s « w J * * 1Pack*andTeleprapAacOesmttto-rastrithMvd*r- whichexploredtbeArcuoregionsandrocovoredthere-havingwonhimaMarshal'sbatonbytheirvalorAn- sndNicewillbecalledupontopronounceontheirownrtoae'i fiudpet -tff«sa—JTls Great Bag Quation—T**order of the day thanking tbe Caucasian army torgaining time. To day e Opinvme announoes that Savoyrfee-*«rf»iioeftheBkareKoldmrtoftheAtlMtic 7U*-oaw*sof the Franklin expediUon, not long since sailedfromtbebarborofCopenhagen. Shewa pwchssoaother and s more disagreeable duty wss lmpoeed upon himbyamelancholyeventthathadrecentlyoccurred there. A lieutenant of the Erivan Grenadiers, byU s nameofMaksbsyeff,hadaasaftsaetodhis<»*m«dlnfcestates by universal suffrage In about eight days; andIf Nieebemade,byfairmeansorfoul,tovowforannexa- tion to France, there isan end forever o Garibaldi a Par liamentaryopposition. Nevertheless,Cavourcannotfailfnpk Cimpuny-Stw WojrspMcrtuwnfar*/SenttotVe^mmdUKU-talload, tfrv**ioad sad Labrador TeLcrapkic Proj«*-Tke gallant captain, MoClintock, tor two years. Herman Saym Pugilvte FUe-Bttting oa Ae JBen*-Be-r.an f'sderJreaissesZbya Physician, £c.Tbs Ii>a ton CAsrieaH, In firing a n account of s certainfairs In Europe. Everybody Is looking st Louispursued in all dlrectlona. The offiaal Journal does notAxhirei-A Bnvir 8m*ff*er'tlot-tbeNorthern8eas WhileatanchorhereiwaWedoverfrom her former owners toengage in tbe seal oil tradeinBariatiniky to hard labor for life In the minet of blberia— a fate which many persons, a n d your correspondent among them, will consider a s wtrne than death itself.Comcmleteence ifag*M*U of Foreign Affdrt—Bumoredtry—TheMisrittryinlhetmeqftke LateEmperor ytcholat Palermoinordertocreateadiversion,werebeatenandsonal notes d e fait against him. Poor Garibaldi, o n leav- ing the Caiigaaao Palace, was heard saying with anguish, "It is well the world should know the fine Parliament w e h a v e . "Our St.Peterabarg Corrnspomdosaew 6r. pBTsasBrso, April t, ISM.and (fine Present Emperor—Russia on the Eve of Greatnavebeendaturbaneetonboardtbehne-of- i\r»tt-TheIndemnityQvinstion-Rtuia*isj.-fitufiow-BahzanohaspacedPalermoinftstftteofstefe,enda'soThepromote!softhismovementforthereclamationof•a those broughtI,y tbe Aaetrshann.iship Edgar o t Spieheed. She is UBier the command of Cftpt. Katoo, s snip of Rear Admlrsl A . E. Erskine, Is cow<mend of tbe Channel Fleet. It IsedUraltbe saarraesfirttdisplayedsign* ofluBubordi reative, to letve on Monday, which w as renewed «aTwrsday, towhichdayaportionoftbesnip'scompany jauned, wlou there eneued the usual routine practised o f U t e e n such disgraceful oecsstonB.Nspoleoj, andcrjwg, "«!do,"sad"0!don't." There is s rery uneasy feeling, not only here in Eogland, but all orer Europe, regarding Frsnce, s s n o t t h e rolcano, but the bombshell, that is destined to explode snd send theteeth ofCadmusto every frontier. TbemapotEu- rope, teferred to in my last, has fired the French Emperorspeak of an Insurrection,hatannounces that Ganeral Tlu Imtcd States Recommended at a Model—Btiurn of aodB that a telegraphic despatch reoeived o n the afternoonPrince BariaUntky to T»«u, die of 6ib Inst, affirms that all the other provinces of Sicily have been tranquil and that the inhabitants of PalermorrinceGortschakoffiaalmostrecoveredfromhisillness, hadnottakenpartinthecombatofthe4th.alien women, have been ao satisfied of tbe success of their past exertions, s s to cause them to continue them b y calling other meetirgs. The fourth Weat-End meetingto emulate EnglandcctoiixiBgnew. Now,ourproverbsInformasthatweThomas Parkes sworn— (This evidence was oorrobtrt, tive4 thelastwltnee*) HeandHardentotdDrakeStat asmallquantitywouldkillaman,butalarge nntiaj wouldn'tin conquertng o'd oountries andand hasresumed themanagementof theDepartmentof Foreign Affairs, which had been aimtoistered o i taterisft byhissssotant(anunderSecretaryofState),Mr.Msio*. WeseeitstatedintheFrenchandEnglsh newspapers that hit indisposition w a s merely of a dlplomatlo nature. andwouldheus)dasapretextforhisretiringfromtbe Ministry, In consequence of a change in the system Of foreignpolicy which he haspursuedsince1856,andto whichheadhsr'eawithInflexibletenacity;butthitIsa mistake—hereallyhadquiteaviolentattackofquinsyia tbe throat, and Tor several days hte life was in the utmostLettersstatethatoutheeveningofthe6thanimmense crowd, 80,000 strong, blockaded up the Roe Tolide at Naples ano raised shouts of "Viva La ConsUtuzione"be-cardsofInvitationtotaketoa,he.,atthoSt.Jamee' res-taurant were only circulated a short time previously totbe time appointed, tbe attendance of unfortunate womanWHSbetterthanonanypreviousoccasion, assoonastheplacewssopened,alargenumberofwomen tenderedthemselvesforadmittance;endbeforetheproceedingsterminated (nearly three o'clock yesterday—Good Fridaymorning),therewerenotfarshortof800present.The precedingwitnesses;Hardensaidslargequantityefsequently a change of Ministry, was very generally talkedof, and these reports have not entirely ceased even yet. A tone time it was confidently asserted that Baron Myendorffwould b e Prince aorttcuakofTs succersor, or If thatveteran diplomat shoula refuse t h e offered portfolio itwould b e given to Baron Balberg, our Minister at Berlin,who is, like him, a disciple and protije of old Count Nfessal- lowing details of the Ortega revolt:—You are aware rode,andapersonagrata attheGerman courts. Others that a small band of mounted men,headed by thepeared about th e same time in the province of Burgos. brother Nicholas, now envoy at Rome, which would have They disappeared, of course, with the failure of Ortegabeenmoreachangeolpersonsthanofsystem,asthey TbebrothersHierrosarethesamewhoarrestedtheEng-eitent the awtul casualties which so frequently happen a taea, still it is thought well to stud our coast with Ufa boatthe whole, s h e should rather lean t o France thanto her former allies, Austria and Prussia, of are other reasons for supposing that extremi-At this meeting there were present the Hon. an I Rev. Bspt'stNoel,tbeRev.I*.MUan,theRev.H.Malgin, tbe Rev — M'Dermott, tbe Rev. W. O'Neill, J. La Touohe, Esq., J W . Maxwell, Esq . Colonel Wortley, Mr. Dantel Cooper (Rescue Society). Mr. Hornibrook (Trinity Bouse), Mr. Thomas (London Female Preventive and Re- formatory Irstitution, Kufcton road). Mr. Smith (Female Aid Society), Mr Wells, Mr Vincent, &c.Mr. J. LATorcirt occupied tbe chair, and opened the proceedings b y appealing to b is bearers to listen with attentiontotheacdresseswbtcb.wouldbedelivered,andimpotence Betidess h e h a s th e shove,already severalthe last reign.When Nicholas PaulovOch appointed a minister y o nmight be almost sure that,capable or incapaole, respected or detested by the people, he would remain tn office until death o r extreme o'.d a g e released bim from his doxies.bis "dear young friends" m a t b e had more pleasure tnbatch, always excepting Count K'.-nuhiohol, the ex-Dictator General ot Public Works, whose dismissal, a fewsnaalaode,andtheMauritius,andaddedtothepa&sr-s- NewfoundlandandCanada.Theeurvey.ngsquadronwill monthsafterthedeathofhismaster,almostoonsolcdthe oftheGuardofFerdinandVU,andlongresioedinParis quentedbythosewhoweredeadanddamned,andhe tled(Identifiedrelease,datedMarch17);iftheStowsof(heBrttiabc<o«n. consistoftwosw-amorsandabrig. Whetherth;oi4 catlcntorthefallofScbastopol.'nsjchcas*.oertatniy, asapoliticalrefugee He,Cabre/aanoOrtegaarethe besoogbthishearersnevertoenterthemagain. There would give him this, he wouli gire hera E&gtadtd has also obtxlced Australia, Malu, cablet\«rwakeaupornut,Ihavenodoubtbutttusline tterigid,cocservatiamofNicholaswasauunmixedevil; onlygeoeralsofrealabilitynowattachedtothecauseof was presentto tberoomayounggirlwhowentto written promise ofmarriage; this wasdone; Har-thelenianIttaert-iHeligoland,andvastpoas«aaionsintbewillboma^eandinworkingorderbytbecloseotlSiil. butitisdoubtfulwhethernissononotgalngtotheoo- CountdeMontemolio oneofthesehomesfromthelastnoeeUag.Sheleft, dentookthereleasewithhim.(ThereleaseSJbMt loaiee *n>) liui.1Hiring a'l tbie time Krao^f has b :t one moderate coloTbe great topic is the coming fight between Heenan and po*ite extreme. In an absolute mouarcny it is,p That's,Fayers, ano I cnoerstand a great number of Americans bttter to persist even la a bad system ttian to be con-t t v i just arrived to b e present o n the occasion It win stantly Ouctuating between good, bad a n t in nil-realbe a u*t y aila.r The admission to the "circle" Is £5, But are we slid living under au absilute monarchy? Soldiers 1 the campaign ofAfrica, which has raised thethe IntnrrseUon inBlcUy. • Several bandn of rebels having risen in the environs ofTbe Great Social Evil In London ANOTHER MIDNIGHT MEETING AT TUS WB3T END. [From the London Chronicle, April 7.]foretberesidenceofthePapalNunloo. quicklyclearedbythepatrols.Thestreetsweret •••iHi Bpotm.lish ambassador, Lord Howden, on his way to Madrid in 1855. The "important personages" in the hands of tbe Spaniards are still auppwed to be the Count of Montemolin snd h it brother Ortega's arrest is also sneounced I should not be surprised if their lives were spared. T h e Bpsntsh government b a s , I bo-«e, become more merciful during tb e last few years; but therestationstoordertosavesome;so,tolikemanner,ifthese aMBTBODISVjUNurrts'soorKTSHiraimmsMMuam.glory ot tbe Spanish army to such a height, is now over. Theresultsofthelatebattleconvinced theMoorsthatthe struggle could no longer be maintained, and they haveNor would itexpressing, in tbe name ot himself snd the army of Africa,bid'gcatiin s t tbe conduct o f General Ortega, and beggingthat ibe Queen may b e assured that the generals, officersand soldiers ot his army are ready, if necessary, to die addressing tbem tint night than on any previous in defence of her throne. From all parts of the country one, for they had now beco-ne experienced in the also protestations of devotion to the Queen were results or their work. A large number of th^se arriving, both from public functionaries a n d popu-who had turned had been sent to tbe homes byon tbe 11 Larter of Foreign Affairs to offer congratu- lhey bad cone what tbey bao been advised to do—w^twwraavstaffs*late re on the failure of the insurrection, and yueen Chris believed in Jesus and were saved. Their only object In tuia tiad tent a telegraphic message to her Majesty to calling them together was to seek their Christian welfare.eworabefo!tiVvey whoahod thre. daughter r« IO-UD four rag totoo. Vie was ale•btarytn bdoctor after »wo yearai •eptotjoa.b w i h Hardeitat cannot i The w h o tte>eeif muhJnoticedE rfttmepact t useiDftVMsl nothing agai ^,h*Mqaware ate amarnafa w death f ( ( A. There teratoid a w tatftlry toooe"-laintwbi -j aay, an smew,»-th*to take i t / e n not true that met tone,ataaeftryl BetweenMr. narrtagewiti r'arfleaa chi"freetopr ttractmp »seothrew lw»*edtheci »*e. Kxoep•if, ana J»n whet •bed Goalc•tas in June Crtveexam Beaubrann •*« ih«-eoirti••^ooatoctfoi I an sure.Whiiata K The sute•e had oov. *•»• oa thw a:*dtheevft »tae, ngneo*»' ttorkun;cial anc political institutions of th e empire are attacked.you cat hardly doubt teat Russia IHoo the eve of greateves-te, cr rather that Uese events are already to fullprogress, and must lead either to a complete changeto herforms of government or to a stern reac Ion. It la not the eter ready to fulfil tbe noble mission confided to you b y three o'clock yesterday morning. Several •unfortunates" that all evidence or the former relatione of the txuet-«t senemancipationalonethathasoccasionedthisexcite- yourQueenandcountry.ItisnowfinishedTwobat- havingpreviouslyacceptedtheinvitation,weresent wasftinvesitoe;butthe.wrywatcautionedthattheidtawayincabs.tlesandtwentythreeengagements,towhich youhave never failed to vanquish a numerous, brave and fanatical enemy,capturing tbeirartillery, tents, ammunt'touand baggage, have sufflceutly avenged the outrage offered totertwerenotevidenceoftbstruthoftbestatementsooa tained to them, except those which Harden com mentec uponandanswered) SalGreenetoldthatHardenwant- ed ber to go home with him to his father's. M as Doriand adds:—" Perhaps you think her farther is education thatI am; if so, you ought to have knowa that the Irs'. Umtment,therearemanyothercausestuatoonducdtoIt.Asfor the emancipation question, I d o not believe there is astogiepersonmallRussiawhoimaginesthattheexistenceof serfaom ran be protrscVei; the nobles are aware thatnow the question has once been broached, it would be as tbe Spmvjih flag. The indemnity which the governmentmuch as their fives are worth to oppoee its solution or Morocco engages to give us in territory and money is aThey have no cbjeu'on In the world to the manu- compensation tor the sacrifices received. Soldiers. I shall Ttlal ot Ute tiev. J. g. Harden, Char*ed you came to see me, not that 1 want you to marry me. mission of their bondsmen, w h o , to their present tem- ever remember with noble pride the deeds of braveryper, are rather a source of anxiety than of profit to tbem; and heroism which I have witnessed, and at all times rely tbe vsst field of his wanderings, nomore fruitful region but there is a strong party among them who think upon the affection of your General in Chief.b Wife.for, thank God, I have a kind father yet. who has kept nae respectable. * * • If I ha n t ao much edu- cation, I am not to be trifled with. • • * Still, you ought not to have that conversation with me that you did." Tbe letter concludes by aekinr himtocalltoseeheraswellaaSalGreen,ortotendber ring back."A letter from Mr. Doriand to Harden, telling bimthat he knew more of the matter than they thought be as). that he thought his conduct strange for a minister aai asking him to ca 1 the next day Another letter from Mat Doriand to Harden, "You ask m^wtcefwhai 1oo-.u do with youf Dont you think that 1know mat you h»vt puttheBtigmaonmealready byyour flatteringwont and actions, and 1think you have laid yourself ope- a tbe laws of the Church and State. • « • Fatherasmthan the kingdom of Denmark—a oountry of which manytotheI'nltedStateshareoo other knowledge, periapt,they onght to be indemnified for the loss of the personal servicestowhichthepeasantry have hithertobeensuo- ject ItIstruethatthepeasantsBillhavetopayasmall rent for the farms they occupy, butthis will cease at the expirationof the ten years of transition provided fortn the emancipation project, and atier that time the nobility will be kitwith plenty ot land, indeed, but without hands to cultivate tt. But.ccDSicertng that there a r e over t e nLEOPOLD 0 DONNELL.DomiciliaryVisitsinRuaaia—rite Euian- cipation— Frauds, & c .A letter from o t Petersburg o t t h e 2 d tost says:—Fifth Day—Afternoon SPKClALSRFOBrFORTHEHERALD.fcftxvmifti, N. J., April 21, 18«0.The court room waft crowded this afternoon and manyladies were present The Sato called upon the stand theRev. H . W . Hunt, sworn—P^side fat Bchooley's Moun-tains; am ft clergyman, know Harden; received a mes-sagefrom himasking metopreach hiewife'sfuneralproving it. The press, loo, are decidedly oppossd to such still remain tocaroerated. Tbe police cannot discover sermon; at Ramsey's, Harden called m e up stairs to bavea claim If an indemnity is required, says o n ) of that they bave been guilty of high treason, of which they a private conversation with me; expressed deep Borrowat his loss, he mid that Dr.Blackburn bad been called, and had told him that there were no suspicious circum- stances connected with her death, he asked me tf I would be kind enough to give oat in m y sermon that Mrs. H . died a natural death; 1 replied that h e should take the proper steps to remove t h e suspicion, h e said ba had thought about doing tt and had sent tor D r . MoCtenahan for that purpose; Mrs. H . w i s burled a t Grove church, about three and a half miles from Ramsey's.that if you don't want ittogo any farther, you mas.aettoiton Monday, for R can't betoftaaylonger. I't?pears youdon't care bowmuchtrouoleyoumakeMrme after yon come here. • • * 1 do believe you antesto play the fool with me: b a t depend upon it you woe tany longer. • * With a full determtoat.on that tt shallbe settled m some way, Hannah L. Dorian! " On theother aide of tbe paper was written, "Harden, M't verjtrying for parents to t e e t child that has been our comfortnow come to b e our trouble, through your means Littledid we think the night yon offered up prayer a behalf of oursick child, that you would, that very ntght cause us moretrouble than to bury the hula one. You have ruined m ychild's comfort forever. She nowintenltto leave herfather'• bouse, for she says she cannot stay, tor tbssays She has dagrsosd herself aad the family aaw.through your meant Do you think parents can tot R rest jj** coaficcdCroes-examined b y Mr. Bradley—I stayed a t Ramsey's only long enough for this conversation; I preached the some Interference, aad if we are required to relinquish our Of th e nobility to make a n y such demand, a n d sermon; 1 have taken no active part In the matter, except*•*. a» d wpnn ,l**Ked hear i_/**» eiamiiIn travelling through A-i'v a ew years ag-3.1 o n I a o t terrapin and the Celestial Empire, s s decidedly exeluslre. helpthinkingitwersapitythateitnerGreatBritainorTheinhabitantsseemtothinktheynavereachedtheacmeprivileges,letgovernmentaetustbeexample,fathosetoldthemthattbeywerechosensolelytofivetohavethetruthoftbiemuterinvestigated;bavetalked•ofAchildaonearanadear!WefeelfallydeterminedF*torestraHart h e Hatted States were col the owners of the entire island. f V Great Britain b a d s a y notion of getting possesion of of ctvilizaUoo, and look upon any attempt oa the part o st, every hjver of freedom would rejoice. Let Ilea., outsiders towards chance or improvement ss s violation, baaish the priests, or turn tnem inti soldinrs, ms- of the laws of common sense, and a n insult to their o w nor farmers, and marry off the nuas, a a i good judgments In point of practical progrcw, as an haws of natnre ana so-iety wotId reign theHjmeUus vrou.d agaa yield its hooey, anl derstoodintheUnitedStates,lathegeneral couvonieucedemands t h e press sympathise* with the nobility; here liberals and aristocrats meet on common ground, and a movement proceeding from opposite sources unitesfor the attainment of the same objectThere nan beno doubt that the adherents of strict ab-their opinions, and t o supply the government with infor- mation on the subject ot the emanclpa ion of the peasants. The same question was raised b y deputies who came here last autumn, but that attempt drew down on them a re- primand from the government. The majority of the dele-about it, every one talked about It, and such a thingought to be talked of; in asking about tbe "cornersit th e street," perhaps y o u refer to last night—butI did not begin that conversation—(Mr. Bradley—Weto know what can be done, we care not tor the sugsta, lorttIsthere,and youbsvebeen themesasofk Yoe cant fetch no otherIctndai egatott ber; tf you can, yet can do n. W e do sot write think ng to soars yet to tt; for, depend, what we aay we mean; and if ftt ctncomeonMondtyallwillbewell if not,yonwillaea whatthecandotosuchacase aatha" Thelatterooa eludes with stating that the reason Mrs Doriand writes s because ber husband aaid he wouldn't write again, anc»algned '•Catherine Doriand."F*»n the c* ^f11;hutm •wis a*k the••twwesnwei^••n»t*tbvemryr£*ri Bra a, fcld.fi;TM tstni —^. JC?«** TV," t h e helds that promise corn and wine" would redeem •hair pledge I fear it #-.;. I,-Ja long t>me before English Cbrabaoity will bare a home in Tnna~rta.and usefulness of things, Copenhagen is a t least flfly years behind any city of its ilza in America.When I look about me and see; the room f o r ' i n prove-solutismstillformastrongandcompactparty,especially maygivethegovernmentsometrouble. TheMinisterof -refertonothingparticularly;thequestionisaveryusualamong the higher civil anu military officers of government, who were all brought up in the school of Nicholas, but they bave n o literary organ, a n d d o not like to acknow-These instruments, for the purchase o f which a large turnone)—I have n o t hunted n p witnesses, nor assisted t h e prosecution.gates now st St. Petersburg bold radical opinions,and Agriculture has given orders for the best agricultural in-struments to \>i purchased at the next exhibition In Paris.tnreoadoptedbythegovernmentisanordertoconfiscate alltbeproperty,real or personal,of allthosewho were guiltyolfraudinsupplying thehospitalsandthearmvragwwb brashes. Assoon asthey were concluded,be reoonmenced taking noteeandthelibertyofthought,sothathereafterthetransitionfrom absolute hiconstitutional government mayhaveratherthecharacterotanorganicdevelopemeatthanofa political revolution. Not a tew persona, on the contrary, during the war to tbe Crimea. ' Barden stated his case; w e conversed on geserai subjecttamongwhomtherearesemeofourforemostliteratiand tilltheaociorreturned,andgavehimapackageof medlpublicists, including, perhaps, three fourths of the pro G a r i b a l d i i n t h e S a r d i n i a n P a r l i a m e n t . cine, as I •opposed; I dont thinkHarien fedowed the well; the re .eon why he married her when he dtiwaslessors at our universities, are of opinion that it la only byliberal institutions that the desired moral and physicalimprovement of thepeoplecanbeeffected,which"enlightenedabsolutism"basbeentryingatfortwocen- bowever,thetediousuniformityottheproceedingswas lowedit;tbeo<ciorisahomeopathicphysician;onSatur- marriage:thereasonwhyhedidnttatebart>Ramsey» turies without soonest,andthattbeexampleofEngland broken by theroUowinf incident, narrated inaletter day, after Mrs.H.'s death, I remarked upon the sad tohAewithhimwaabecausehewantedhertostay boaepowersofthemembers. Inthecourseofthelatterday tor put tbemedicine into hismouth,andHardenswal-from Turin o f the 6th instant — ^ ^GeneralGaribalditadtakenbisseatinoneortheup- robe;said,inanswertoinquiries,thatbewasataaad prepare for housekeeping; her health wwtigee<-rai>y food; once she fainted away while romping m the • xcuez the was sink the week be/ore she memed the dJCIOT said her daease was indammahoa of tne mugs nor h.-ata wasaagoodss usual wbenshewenttoRamseya »<v» seemed pleated when the messenger came tor b*r *v> waa delighted a t every attendee from Harden, s b - wste*shows, in the various phases of ber history, that sued in-stitutionsmaybeadaptedtotberudestatwallasthemoat refined state or society. The chief o.-gan of thisparty ia the Rooky Vestuik, a passionate admirer of Eag- Laarenti Robando, a deputy from Nioe?a man of extremeland,ofEnglishlaws, Englishmanners,andevenofEar political tendencies and aviolent temper. The brave teller's; aaid be toll Ramsey he was at Mil- lish policy, and which, oaring the Indian mutiny, when General sat motionless nour after boor, exhibiting a rare ford, becauae bewaft afraid of being suspected; I men- other Russian periodicals were exulting in the an- power of endurance aad composure under the Infliction tioned tbe rumors ia circulation, aad the probabilitiesticipateddiscomfitureoftheirlateenemy,lamentedthe 0f ^ea?B»te8iiwadd*e <*«*»Ofhiscolleagues. To- •syioss" to the world. The absomte trraaoy an i beyond thlB. To one accustomed to the busUlng Amerl downfall of British rule tn India as the heaviest blow warde half-past four the President of m e Council of Min-thathiewifehaddiedfrompoison,andasked,ifitbeso,can yon account for Itt he said he could not, unlet* she did under his control: she sometimes compiatooi of para iadeputies till their election was approved, wby hadthe King o n that day addressed mere nonentities?mony.) CrossRallazzi atlrgeo precedents as arguments against aaysll night, sitting up with Louisa during the fall and au- the tame effect. A cap! aliet named Manzanedo, of Ma He atked them, if they wt&hed to avoid perdition, and bo tumn be did not come so lrequeotly, I often found Louiaatbe Cnrrerpm.dancia gives tbe following as the text of however, and met a former companion, who induced her drawn np in the verboee legal style, witn the customarytbe oruer of tbe day published to the Spanish troops at the camp of Benealder, b y the Commander-to Chief:—to ace inpany htm to one of those haunts of vice. She repetitiors and synonyms, releasing bun from ail dama-repented, and rather than sin again she precipitated her- ges from any cause of action, tram the beginning ef toeself from a window, and was nearly Impaled. She had world up tothe date of the toscrument, and si<ned bv > be noticedever .The Rev. Mr. M'DERMOTT then offered up an appropriateHs added that it" " •wssconvenedforThursday,midnight,and althoughthe dogevenwentnearthecellar; tbedogwentdown|stbsprayer, and tbe proceedings terminated shorty before derce. The Court .overruled th.. objection oa the groundTHEJERSEYWIFEPOISONINGCASE.sndwalkedtomyboardingplace; afterdinnerI invited bimtowalktoDr.Qutoby••,andbewant with m>>, I in- troducedhimtothedoctor,stytoghebadneuralgia.MrsDoriandaaidthatshecouldnotfin!thecontract among ber daughter'! papert; by the contract, be agreed tomarryhfrwihinayear;afterthishedidnottreai**rSession.Bight tbe came tewawnwey •» ana WOK* • a wp him shewss safraruig frees a pain tnherr.itCrttt examined byMr Bradley—Carouas a»w* oaa«•examined—Talkedmy wife: I noted it down, and 1 think -heceltortometune daring tbeday,butthewasafraidit would be poisoned.Miss Doriand: accompanying i' is a sma'l paper, aightfl by Mr. Doriand, certifying that the matter which errant minors about the Rev. Mr. Harden and the Dor and f a nthwartednordisobeyedhm,tbewasf»«^»oh"jceetL: when sto> first went she wan*, to s a y as .os* at re wanted ber,butalterwarda the waatod to .-»•J.**.« !»fly. e "f&ra7i*J 5W5not at* wed to ie-J*rtte •»' wW ) a ltiixib D a i - M o r a l t g Swotloa. Bm-viDxas,NJ.,April^1*8(1*;.'8arr; ,un/uoetiaBotgioandothermeibersitorrailycalledfortaepre vious question.www.fultonhistory.comit toe-'h-r ci vice uf a burial place and of her deathHarden 