 Ii! i6 TjBnsiiuss--1 ^.rsi!!"!—i"* "*WPJJB»S<J*T"HA TS.*"-APATENTEDirovsita^^1859*.". :?\ iSoutb^u^agreetotake lixnifyritt)^ befollowedHi Henevermot,,squarely,theargumentofhis besidetb«usualfee*. Itisprovidedthattheact•L- Manufactured byH. C.Sraxnixo&Co.,No.48Cedar-st.No.366Broadway.PARKER SEWING-M^VCIIINES. , $40.1,14-Irish Unioniit, who ''thanked God that he had a HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT is the most soothing " country to|sell." They never yet had a chance to1rSleeve—Thelengthfrom;thecenterofthebackto.thewrist, than forty^eight faotrrs. nnta the ^vhole balldinf was totally "con- markably effectual a n d permanent a remedy for Pile*, upon with the arnSbentY:I TRKATMZXT,A COXCWBIVB CAPK.our candidate for President. at our office. For we are (if we must own it) How is it with Thc Post ? H as it ever, even weak enough, since political differences mustyet, urged anybody to purchase and read that dis- CQin&i to prefer a war of words to a battle of balls.cussion? Hasitspartyevergotupaneditionof Ontheotherhand,ourpatriarchal opponentsatit, or circulated copies of that got up by Repub- the South seem to be of less peaceful mind. W o UnitedStatesconstituteanation,orthatwehave licans?IfJudgeDouglasreallytriumphedover havolbcforeusThePlantation,afine,freshQuar-\No. TV WiBiamst., New-York. BLOOD FOOD, NO. 3.—Dyspepsia, with its usuaWHISKY .—S. T . SUIT'S KENTUCKY SALT RIVER decided impjression is that Douglas is to go over- destined soon to become States, and as such to be doned for more than six months; and all persons§_ T-BT k Co,'* ascoewon, Hosrrk. DVSBXBHULT, Leaders of jfo£jon for Gentlemen's BA W,NO*.3,4,M»d5 Aator Hooso.HATS AND CAPS FOR GEJTTS. AKD CHILDREN. _JJ3*> I*rge«t and moat elegant Tmriety i n thin eity. Boautlfal Straw Oooda for MIMMM and Children. X s u O M , w l Canal-st.AAT EVANS*,exorably Pro-Slavery Constitution that is fast-sink-ingher,inenterprise,wealth,andpopulation,to gardfidthissideofliteWabashasaprobablecandid ofaHomesteadbill,itrequiresonlya)settlementGoodBlackClothFrockCoat* Fin« Black Cloth Frock CoatsThe finest Black Cloth Frock CoaU.. •SpringC*pe«»TK1otherOvercoat*...CaMimere Business Coats.Fancy Cascimere {feats .JCtogant Spring Vests.Csymhnere Suit*, to match... Btack Cloth Stdta.....•. • • * • • • • • •$500to$800 16 00 to 14 0 0 15 00 to 30 00400to1200 3 00to 1200 200 to 6 00 1 0 0 to 8 00 6 00 to 20 0010 00 to 80 00 1 00 to 2 00 150 to 500T5to 500—PitiJl OF IROX— •ofJhfoemonths,asaqualificationunderthegrad* uatjion act, to entitle a settler to an entry. To actual settlers, by which, we presume, thebill means to designate persons who are already squat-t. Jilnajfl Duatera............ Ataceca Coats.TVtu Swmt»«*r Co«Uthe following circular to ters upon-the public land, two years from the timein our columns several Ofjoccupation are given to perfcct»a claim, if the. Suxtuuer Psais........... AtEVAIM', .Forth* mostftshionable./Ooooe, w«dy made, and atloaa prices ta*n « ^ ^ ^of Mr. Lfacoln in Ohio, in 1859. Throughout the Union the con- pose, $1 25 per acre. But, probably to palliateBATCSELOR'S HAIR DYE,WigandToapoe Fsetorr, JNo. 16 Boxtd-sL Private entrance for ladles. The Dye ppytteo in the sky-Hgnt zooms.BARRY'S TRICOPHEKOUS is tie best and cheapest.article for Dressing, Beautifying, Cleansing, CorHng, Preserving, •tod Restoring the Hair. Ladies, try it. SoM b y Druggists.pot from No. 234 Water-st. toNo. 16 Beekman-st-.nearNassau-st., wheretheyare prepared to furnish SCAUU ofevery descrip- tion, together with a full assortment o f Railroad, Ship, and Hand LAJITRRMS. J.D.BROWXK&Co.,No.16Beekman-st.,N.Y.GLASS SHADES ! GLASS SHADES i IOCJtM SHAnxs, of all sixes, for covering clocks, flowers, i c e , fcc, coaatanUy onhand and made to order.D B P Q T . N O . 8 2 P l a t t - s tSPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.condition.The Union, according to this accountJ.'L . BROWN'S STANDARD SCALES.by a .letter from Senator Crittenden. (See com- barriers in the way of assimilation. Whatever parative returns from the counties of Alexander, existedwas consecrated byit. ThoStatesare Carroll, Clinton, Franklin, Gallatin,. Hardin,•*»rerybodyshouldhaveabottle."—[Tribune. FOR SALK KVRHYWKKHK.Forney, however, declined the proposition.The remaindor ofMr. Davis'a resolutionstfu orestablish.Post-Ofnce address. Box No. 3,600.CATARACT WASHING MACHINES,IXVARA1B1.T STXXO THR TR»T OF UsR. Exhibition and Salesroom, No. 4y4 Broadway. 'MOFFAT'S LIFE PILLS AND PHOENIX BITTERS.—InallLiverComplaints,BiliousDiseases,AcidityoftheStom- ach,andforIndigestion andallitsfrightful exhibitions,these 7nedieineB act in a brief space, and will eti'ect a radical cure. Sold by W .B.M«KCAT, 335Broadway, N. Y.,and byalldruggists.Slavery, and the duty of Congress'concerningSlavery, seem to have/ been passed in the U . S. tions, and that they are intended to go this length, creditable to his energy and capacity—and it isH O S T E T T E R ' S S T O M A C H B I T T E R S . — T h e o p e r a -liberty of the press. If this is to be accepted as just let him try it! ' the Democratic view of the Constitution and theUnion, consistency would seem to require that thepretensions of that party to be the champions ofINSRCT PoirDxx.The old and only article to exterminate Bed Bugs, Roaches,Ants, Garden Insects, &e., without Poison. Lron's MAU.SXTIC PILL*Eitrrminaio Rats, Mice, and all Vermin.&.c, cleared b y contract. BARNKS k PARR, NO. 13 Park-row,hevis inivilling to do so.I'Shjiwe, by our cowardice and treachery,robandNo.424Broadway,andsoldbyallDruggistsandGrocers. Beware of imitations.AN OLD FRIEND—BUSH'S MAGIC CREAM LIN- TMXNT.—It bee n o equal a s an external embrocation for Rheuma- tism, Pains, ico. Principal Depot, Bv»u, GALX k ROBINSON, Wholessdo Druggists, N o . 136 Greenwich-st., a n d other Drug- gists. Itwillrecommenditself. Price2Scents.ifDR. J. BOVEE [DOD'S IMPERIAL WINE BITTERSArebeyonddoubtthemostvaluableremedyintheworldfor .IXCJJ"IKXT CONsKKinoN. Sorue physicians m a y deny their efficacy. Wecanproduceevidenceof cures, andr1factsarc stubbornthinga." Theyarealsotralyvaluablefortheeuroolproperty—the sole ground upon wffich rests the other heir, ehall \receive the patent, by DemocracyhpurelyPro-Slavism;apartfromthe paying.$10,on;proofthatthelandwasHUSBAND'S CALCINED MAONE«IAl a ftee from aopleaeant taste, and three tixnes the strength of t h eA SENSATION IN EARNEST.—KNOX, N O . 212*7.storekeepengenerally,andbythe «USAIJ.£fc»»AAJ>,Philsdelphi*. &4^u&£^^Ithecanvass,andaddheavilytohisvote.IftheAnduouew«»dffowd.Lincolnhudmarkedoutbincourse,amiapaymentof25centsauacrefromthesettlor,$ o t l » 0 .new invoice just openedexisting preemption,donation, o rNoa.$6and68Fulton-tt.• * • • • • » • • . * > • « •la^ds have not been offered at public sales; and'ijh|sameperiod from thetimeofthe receiptofthe approved plat at the Land Office, where thelands have not been surveyed: the settler, how-ever, is obliged to pay for his claim at the mini-mum price of *uch lands, which means, we sup-75 t o No*. 6 6 and 68 FultoMt.,3 0 0s L f i i .Between QoU and d t f t s .m ^ ^ M s S S S ^ B a S S nr< .(Ifri88888 SSKS888888 888888088888S8S8The Douglas meetings recently held in the FreeStates only serve to strengthen our conviction that but connected therewitL • together with the two great speechesjaen* to thla ctty. p> to N««. 70 andTOBowery.S S a f e a ^ c S d r ^ . ^ ^ U « t n o i o « S l n denly re-appeared in the busy world as if juat returned from pro-test was regarded as tho1 most spirited, and important that hadthis injustice to the old settler, he is called upon o prove actual settlement for only three months. M these important respects, the Senate bill haa bejp$ changed from the straightforward and whole-som|actoftheHouse. Butthet-earenotthe only differences. Other provisions are saddled uponit,whichdestroyitscharacterasasimple Homesteadbill.ItenactsthatthePresidentshall' order into market, within two years, all the landi which have been or mayhereafter.be surveyed,except landswhichhavebeenordered tobere- served for any purpose. And it also cedeeuto the Statesinwhichtheymayliealllandswhichre-. mainunsoldafterthelapseofthirty-fiveyears, provided the State- will accept them, and tie cessioninterfereswithnopriorclaim.It is this bill thus amended by the Senate for which,when it came back tothem,the House substituted theiroriginalact,andagain returned.to!theSenate. Theydidwisely;forthisianot muchbetterthannoHomesteadbillatall. Itis agreatdeallessthanhalfaloaf.• U s country. _.-'.*... •• --GBEATFnusATBARBADOES.BAISAOOM,W.I.,April26,1860. S.C.JtaKxnro&Co.,No.251Broadway,^.Y.tracted tjavelin a distant land. Some very signal inatanoes o f this kind are attested o f female sufferers, emaciated victims o f apparent marasmus, sanguineous exhaustion, critical cbangeR, and that complication of nervous and dyspeptic aversion to air and exercise Tor which the physician has no name.;InNBTSVOCBAPPBCTIOX8ofallkinds,andforreasonsfamiliar tomedicalmen,theoperationofthispreparationofironmust necessarilybesalutary,for,unliketheoldoxides,itisvigorously tonic, witnout being exciting and overheatings and gently, regu-but their very admonitions and resolves betray aconsciousnessofdanger. Whatuseinsavingim- upto.theattentionoftheAmericanpeople,]byMr.Lincoln,ev«ryQtarn »: w O o r w s r d b y this vessel (the Icarion) one o f yourTaient'Championfire-proofSeiee,whichweimportedthrough larlyaperient,eveninthemostobstinateoasesofcostivenessLlM THRMRA8DRR8ABBASFOLLOWS:- Neck—TheWiatancearoundit..V •'./.'pressivelythatDouglaBmustnotbethrownover-•willbe? ; itsincidents,werenevermorefullyandablypresentedthanbytl^CoosMl bow,thelateMr.Noble Towner, someeighteen aSflSsince.ThisSafewasinourestablishmentdatingthe ermttdArtofl4d>ofFebruary,last,andrerosinodtheremorewithouteverbeingagastricpurgative,orinflictingadisagreeablesensation. '; ., , .; JItisthislatterproperty,amongothers,whichmakesitsore-Yoke—Tlipmeasuresfromthepointsofeachshoulder.Mr.Lincoln,inthesespeeches. Itisnotjtoomuchtosay,thai Themosthopeful—thatis,theleasthppeless-r- innootherformhavethevitalprinciplesofthetwogreatpartiesJanmed. Ant'stsaans*heat, comingfromourown stores,aswella* from a coal-yard with orer 800 tuns of coaL situated abouttwentyfeettowindward ofthatpart ofthebuildingtowhich theSalewaskept,rendereditimpossibleforanyonetoapproachthefctdns at an earlier period. The Safe, contained jewelry. a» well»athebookwhichweaendalongwiththis. OnopeningtheSafe,wefound(aspercertificateonU»book towhichweaskrefer-ence) that the jewelry was only slightly tarnished, and will b o . have been equally decisive and astonishing. «aa£rrrepoUshed. Thebookwillshvwyouthe-ralueoftheBreast—Oljrtancearoundthebodyunderthearmpits. Waist—Diatanre around. LengthoftheShirt—StyleofCuff,Sec,Stc. NoorderforwardedforleasthanhalfadozenBhirtslBy sendingjltho above measureB w e can guarantoo a perfect fitofournewstyleoftheIMPROVEDFRENCHYOKESHIRT. BALLOU BROTHERS,course now open to the Sham Democracy is to agreetodifferandruntwotickets—Douglasand StephensfortheNorth;HunterorJeff.Daviswith CushingorT.H.SeymourfortheSouth.Byofthecountrybeenfoundsocondensed,andsoablysetforth,as in this volume JNomancanjustlyclaimtobeathorough andintelligentpoli- tician who has not stfidied these debates, and made himself famil- iarwiththoargumentsoftheadvocatesofSquatterSovereignty. Thebookshouldbeinthohandsofeveryvoter.Inthelocalpains,lossoffleshandstrength,debilitatingcough,• and remittent hectic, which generally indicate IXCIPIKXT Cox- srxpTXON, this remedy has allayed the alarm of friends and physicians,inseveralverygratifyingandinterestinginstances.InScROKri.orsTUBKRCPLOSIS,thismedicatedironhoshad far more than t h e good effect o f the mo»t cautiously balanced preparations o f iodine, without any o f their well-known liabili- ties.The attention o f females cannot b e too confidently invited t o this remedy andrettorative, in thecases peculiarly affecting them.content*inanaccidental fire. ,_'S. C Hicauuto k Co.,Patentees and Manufacturers of Her- ter, however, more decidedly—it has been invariably well re-Wholesale!orderssolicited.Safe*forprotectingpapers,fcc YourConsulwaspresentatthe opening ofthe Safe, and iti» athis request w e send it to you. SQfl regretted death, since this occasion, precludes u s from h a v - inshi*signature tothe certificate. Youcankeep theSafe,to showyourcustomers,andshipusanotherofthesamesiao. *ou m a y retain the book snd certificate, and make any use you like o fthem. W e remain truly yours,BARROW k DtnoartT.$1,000 RjrwAxowillbepaidtoanypersonthatcanshow.thatHXHRUW* pATXJfT CHAXPIOW SA/Xever failed to preserve its• mlSUMMER.Slaveprobably fail to elect a Presidont, while the Sonatering's Patent Champion Fire a n d Burglaf-proof Safe*, No. 251 Broadway,comerofMorray-st,opposite'CityHall, New-York.ported,bothasalleviatingpain,andreducingtheswellingsand stiffness o f the joints and muscles.InIXTRRMITTBNTFRVRRS,itmustnecessarilybeagreatrem- edyandenergeticrestorative,anditsprogress.in thenewsettle- mentsoftheWest,willprobablybeoneofhighrenownand usefulness. ••' •Noremedyhaseverbeendiscoveredinthewholehistoryof medicine which exerts such prompt, happy, and fully restorative effects. Good appetite, complete digestion, rapid acquisition ofanddubious—butthereisnobetter. IftheShams theywillwant. Thisshouldbedoneatonce,thattheedition aretosucceedatall,itmustbethroughsomesuch maybelargeenoughtosupplyallorders."for children at CAsntXi.i.'a, No. 813 Broadway. H e pays par- tifttilar attention t o this branch o f his business, and has a splendid stock manufactured expressly t o supply the wants o f t h e young, awwellasalargevarietyof first-cla** woTkforladies andgentle- men. Mr. CA«TR«XX makes it a rule to supply all who call upon >,Wn on the most reasonable terms and t o their entire satisfaction.! % ILDKR'S P A TENT SALAMANDER SAFES,F AIRBANKS' PATRJCT SCAXJU.,QtjiKX BUOTMRRS, No. 98 Maiden-lane, N . Y .FIRE-PROOF SAFES..STXAX.-U k M A R T W ,No. 335Broadway, cor.Worth-t*., N.Y.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES.**Wepreferthemforfamilyuse."—[Tribune. •*Theyarethefavoritesforfamilies.''—(Thnes.Office, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.QROYER &. BAKER'S NOISELESSFAJULT Saw^o-MACHmxa. T a x BJWT W U S X . No.405Broadway,New-York.No. 182 Fulton-st., Brooklyn. WlLIXOX & GtBBS'S SEWING-MACHINE. •-Isapublicbeneiaction."—Boston Transcript."Is preeminently sdapted to family use."—[Phil E v e . Jour. Prioe * 3 a Salesroom No. 568 Broadway, opp. St. Nicholas.F I N K L E Sc L Y O N ' S S E W J N G - M A C H J L N E S — W a r - rantedtogivebettersatisfaction*thananyotherSewing-Ma- chine* in market, or money refunded. Agents wanted throughout the United States and Canadas. Ofiice No. 538 Broadway.*- ' Fijrxr.K&Lrox SievriJfGCo.THE NEW STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM.E. AKTHOHT,No.501 Broadway.Cetalogaea sent o n receipt o f Stamp. Photographic materials|:j I il!|•IRAPEREGO& Soy, No.61Naasau-st.,andNo.381Broadway.SUPERIORDRESSSHIRTSTO ORDER,ManufacturedbyS.A.HCTCHTWSOW, Andaperfectfitguaranteed,atUSIOMADAMS'S,NO.637Broadway.Sosoonastheworkisout,which willbeApril2,partiesniceengineeringasthis. Theoverwhelmingprob- sendingorderswillbenotified,andthe bookswillbesentonre- r ] noKRi»A BEII>A:foramateursandthetrade. VnswsorKRSI&XXCZSAX»OCT-DOOR GROCTSTAKXX.STODART PIANOS,6sA.fi>, Sox;ARK. and Picoto.The best manafsctured. Warerooms No. 506 Broadway.mont-st.Philadelphia: CAi.LKNnuR&Co.,3dandWalnut-sts.,andMAXDRRSOXitCo.,cor.5thand Spruce-Bts.fromStatetoStateofthefruitsofknowledge tionsthatMr.LincolnranbehindandMr.Doug- circumstances,wemightnot,eveninthefaceofBuildings, Ships,•TCTHILL, Hatter,No. 366 Broadway.NATIONAL GUARDocratic party n about three hours. Mr. Benjamin'st/>yspepsia andmany other disorders, "BROWN' LAXATIVR TROCHES," or Cafhartic Lozengers, are particularly adujited, as- e«*es, and all cases where a tonic is required. Sold byall sisting Nature, bystrencthening and invigorating the processHaving 'no wishes in the premises, we are able ficient reason why Congress should exercise an ent-. No person is permitted to make, more thanto watch coolly the moving of the waters; and our oversight.as to its introduction into Territories one entry; the settler loses his claim if it is aban-Dyspepsia, Indisestioa, PUes, Nervous Diseases, Female Oin- Dragguts. CUARLXS Wio»inBLj> k Co., Proprietors,of digestion. Sohi b y all Druggists.ijattendants: Heartburn, Depression o f SpiriU. Nausea, Acidity o f the btoxaach. Difficult Breathing, Loss o f Appetite, Lassitude, kc, c a n b e radically cured b y this important Remedy ba»ed uponanana.ysuoftheblood.' Price *1rwrbottle. SoldbyBOUKKONsoldbyallDruggists. HKOKXANk Co., * Nos. 161, 399, 511, and 756 Broadway, N . Y .board. Hifffateisinthehands.ofourNew-York admittedintotheUnion. • Softe—probably the most debauched and slippery factionthatfthis.countryoversaw.Theyarewhohaveheretoforefiledapplicationsforthopre-emption right are entitled to the benefit of this1 mark,sjnotthemostpleasantwayofprovingthat'nohire abhors a vacuum. Hardee might like it.Hi,^deemightgloryinit.Hardeemightra-CHURCHk DCVONT,NO.409Broedway, New-York. HEAR WHATIDR. SWEET SAYST!n^i t ^t, NORTK KI^OSTON. R. I., April 21,1380.Th4» Is t o certify that I have used Dr. TOBIAS'S VKNKTIAX LIMMRNT for flveyears, ha m y practie* as Bone Setter-also, for Lsaneivess and Sprains, and confidently recommend it tothe public a s the best J.uduu-nt in existence. JARXS SWRRT.SoldbyallDruggists. Peps*.No.K Courtlaudi-»t. J. R. BURDSALL'SA R N I C A L J N I R R N TUprepared brcombining Amicawithamosthealingandpene-isVtfagvegetableoiL ForalltheACKKS AND PA1KSthathumanfleshUbeirto,itiswithoutequaL RHXVXATISM, BXCISSM, S^RAIRS,Pain in the Bide or Breast, Sore Throat, ke., yield to a lew ap-nlicetiuo*. Beware of counterfeits, and bay none but BCROS-ALi/s original article. Sold byail Druggists. Price 36 cents. . new and very genteel Hat for young men, will this day bo hitone which should commend itself to the justice, the and st|ns, and gaping wounds decorating that good sense, and the humanity, of the people at body. Cfjuts may have charms for Hardee, and he'equalmind, if Hardee—Hardee of " Rural Home," Florida—had not followed with a dreadfully trucu- lent broadside—with a broadside bearing the po- lemical inscription, "GOD AND OUR RIGHTS." Hardee opens gloomily. "The crisis," says Har- dee,YW. which has been so long impending ovor us,is M our door." The crisis can "impend" no v,,longer. It has dropped. It is."at our door." At leapt, itisatthedoorofHardee's "Rural "Hi^jjtiJe,"blightingthehappinessofMr.Hardee, of MM Hardee, and of all the little Hardecs, to safflnothing of " this once sacred and hallowed " Or|f)n." The gallant Hardee, with a crisis thus in thei most unpleasant way cumbering his door— wesupposehisfront door,andperhaps hisfront garden—naturally issues a"printed address to hisfellow-citizens and his Creator. He proposes, in viewj of melancholy matters and terrible things in general, to raise " A Volunteer CavalrySpring Stock of BOYS'SCHOOLANDDRRSS CLOTJUNO, No. 214 Broadway, under the .Museum, COMPRI8XB:Boys' Fashionable Over-Wear. Boys' Drawing-Room Suits.Boys' Clothing for the Country. Boys'substantial Everyday Suit*.Small Boys' Fancy Clothing. .Together with Boys' Furnishing Goods, 4cc. A splendid stockof Spring Clothing for Gentlemen, Gentlemen's Fnrnishinx J. D. BROWKR k. Co. have RRMOTXD their Scale De- Qooas, andof.Cloths,Cassimeres,Vestings,&c,ice, in the Or-The mails for Europe via Southampton and Havre, by;,the United States steamer Fulton, will close this morning at 10£ o'clock.Some further important' revelations have been made! before the Covode Committee atWashington!. It appears that Attorney-General represented as having solemnly covenanted to.-, BlackwasdbputedtotenderthePost-OfficeBlankgether not merely to protect each other against thePrintingto!Mr.Forney,incasehewouldchange overthrowbyforceoftheirexistinginstitutions, hie course. I The profits of this job, for Mr. Bu-cretory orgaua i s singularly soothing a n d conservative. I t regu-lates, recruits and purines them. Dyspepsia in all its forms yieldsto its control and invigorating properties, and it is recommendedto mothers, enfrcbled b y the cares and duties o f maternity, as the article. First and only importation for men and boys. Whole-saJ>«i and beat tonic they can probsbly use. I n all t h e crisis of female life it will be found eminently useful, and elderly persons will derive mech more benaht from i t than from ordinilry «Umu- lant*." Hostetter'sCelebratedStomachBittersaresoldbyalldruggistsDr. MARSH continues!to apply hi«RADICAL CURETRUSS with success. In eflWting cures ot HerniaorRupture. Ladies waited upon by a female in private roojxu. Bathing Trussee, Supporters, ShoaldeT-Braces, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elastic Stockings. Knee-Caps, and all surgical appliances, b y AUitsa k. Co., No. 2 Vesey-st, N . Y., opposite St. Paul's ChurohMr». WlNSLOW, ~ ~ A s experienced Nurse a n d Female Physician, has a SoerBrjro Stsur v o x Cmu>HSX TntTHTXe, which greatly facilitate*theI give rest to yooiiyour infants. Perfectly safe in all caaou.MHLon* o f bottles are »old every year i n t h e United States. It is an old and well-tried remedy.PR1CX OJU.Y 25 CRNT8 A BOTTLR. NonegenuineunletsthefacsimileofCURTUitPXRXINS,•Seao York. i> o n the outside wrapper. SoldbyDruggiststhroughouttheworld.LYON'S MAGNETICsale and retail T o be had ouly o f , GKXIN,No. 513 Broadway.T H E H O M E S T E A D B I L i S .The Homestead bill, passed bythe Uniced States " shall cast a sheen of glory upon the thickest fight;TCTIIILL,Hatter, /No. ?,66 Broadway.CAPS,$40That such isthe 'real meaning of these resolu-KOGERS &RAYMOND'Stirely mistaken.Equally baseless is its assertion that the"Americans" supported Mr. Lincoln in a body.Many of them supportod him; but many likewisec•x&z-iijthat b e h a d been flayed nlive, h e manifested complete conn--B••,...- •«•.••-' ;•>"*IRON IN TBTK BLOOD. DK. Uvrft\ mopponent. I H e repented his story, a s good-natured'y a s possible; rank a platform, on a whispered assurance that he and,.with 'admirable skill, labored t o make hiii hearers forget most of what h a d been ;snid and proved o n the other side:: ' A l l the while, and even after an impartial witness would have saidCugL?nScaY«athorlties.hothin'Europe andtheUnited ^ t ^ andprescribed intheir practice.^ e C p e S e n W o f thousands daily proves that n o preparation «f Iron cah b e compared with it- Impurities o f t h e blood, d e - nreMlonof vital energy, palo and othorwise sickly complexions, i Indicate its necessity in almost every'conceivable case.innoxious in all maladies in which at hasboon tried, it has proved absolutely curative in each of the following complaints,vis*iIx DRBHJTT, NKRVOC8 AFFXCTIOXS, ERACIATJOX, DTSPHP-HA, CONSTIPATIOX, DIARRHRA, DTSXXTXRY, IXCIPIBXT Cox- SCXmOX, SCROFXJW)CH TtTBRRCTfLOBW, SALT RlIRUM, MlSKBX- 8TRCAT11*X, WBITB8, CniX>R«8I8, LlVKR COMPLAINTS, CHRONIC HRADACHXS, RHBCXATISX:, IXTKRsIlTTKKT FBYBRS, PlXPLKS OX T H R F A C R , & CIn cases o f GXXBBAL DBBIIITT, whether the result o f acute disease, o r o f the continued diminution o f nervous and muscular energy from chronic complaints, one trial o f this restorative has proved successful t o a n extent which n o deecription nor written attestation would render credible. Invalids so long bed-ridden as to have become forgotten in their own neighborhoods, have sud-YTTTC TTIKXTYYT TYYY .the level of the'Carolinas. Then he is a sort of datefor the'r-r^uUncy, the Republicans of Ohio hid Protectionist,andthatwouldhelphispollinNew- engagedlieartilyin^issewinaling thatseriesofde-whichitalsoappearstoexerta distinct andspecificaction,by dispersing the local tendency which forms them.InDYSPBPBIA,innumerableSasareitscauses,asingleboxof theseChalybeatePillshasoftensufficed forthemost habitual cases, including the attendant Cottivencu.InuncheckedDIARRHKA,evenwhenadvancedtoDTBKNTBRY, confirmed,emaciating, andapparently malignant,the effectsNo. 409 Broadway, New-York.holding fast.to/Squatter Sovereignty in the Free These debates are authentic, having been reported b y the" andstrikingoutboldlyforSlaveryProtection,in"friendsofeach—Mr.Douglas'*inTheChicagoTimes,andMr.Lincoln's in The Chicago Press and Tribune." The volume will make280pages,largeoctavo, printed from newtype,onclearIMPORTANTTOPARENTS.—BOOTSandSHOES strength, with an unusual disposition for active and cheerful ex-,River BouxbozLjfor sale b yA'TWATRR, MTJLFORD &. Co., Noa- 35 and 37 Broad-st.iiHECKERS' FARINA JELLY, a delicious des-sert, and the best substitute for animal food, enriches the tables of theAstor House, andalltheprincipal saloons. Heckers' FnrinaBoilers to prevent burnfng-or scorching: Jelly Molds, of* various sire*, forms, and patterns; for salo at the establishment, No. 5 NewiCanal-st.. near East Broadway.SATURDAY, MAY 26,twolines or in one,they are doomed to signalInRRXTTXATTSX,bothchronicandinflammatory—inthelat-trade, notwithstanding the acknowledged superiority ofour m ake and styty. DEVLIN, HUDSON & Co.|jT THEPOPULARSTOREForMEN'SFURNISHINGGoonsatretail1BcontinuedatNo.61 Nassau-Bt. |Ljiarge and .dcsirablo stock o f SHIRTS and U.VDER- GARMENTSalwaysready. '•-.:Vice-President, andhe, failinganelectionbythe House,wouldbecomePresidentinfact. Thisis notveryplainsailing—intruth,itisverycrookedercise,immediatelyfollowitBuse. IPntnpin neat flat-metal boxes containing 50 Pills, price 50cents per box. For sale b y Druggists and Dealors. Will b e Bent freetoanyaddress,onreceipt oltheprice. AHletters, orders, etc., should b e addressed toR, B . LOCRK & Co.. General Agents,No. 2 0 Cedar-st., N . Y .defeat..THEWhatever else may be said of "the resolutionsChairman Republican State Central Committee. Ohio, Feb.,1860. WM.T.BASCOM, Sec'y.HYPOPHOSPHITES—DR.CHURCHILL'S N E Wforming a part of Senator Davis's platform series, fore we ever .dreamed that Mr. Lincoln would be engines of war and point their menacing muzzle*T h e extraordinaryPulmonary Consumption is shown b y the following case, whichcurative power o f t h e HYPOPHO3PHITKS i n isbutOHKina multitude, showingresults UXPARAX&KIJKDINTHR ANNALS OF MBDICINK:Those resolutions, in substance, deny that theder Department. One price, and no. abatement. ROOKKS 4c RAYMOND,No. 214 Broadway, AndNOB.121.123.and125Fulton-st.SILK HATS,Unequaled in style, quality, and beauty of finish. TCTHILL, Hatter,. No. 366 Broadway.SOFT HATS,OfFrenchanddomesticmanufacture,adaptedtoallages. TUTHII.L, Hatter,Jackson,Madison,Massac,Morgan,Pope,Saline, and Willianison, in The Tribune Almanac fox 1859.) In fact, had the "Americans" of barely the threeFirst class, double thread, rapid and noiseless. Under patentsf Howe, Orover k. Baker, i . c . "roadway.Agents wanted. Office, No. 469 V K R N O N &. C o .Senate yesterday. M r. Clingman's amendment, declaring that there is now no necessity for Coil: gressionalinterferenceinbehalfoftheinstitution in the Territories, was adopted, but was afterwardis made manifest, if otherwise it were doubtful, by the rejection, on the part of those who voted for them,oftheamendmentproposedbyMr.JEarlan, that they should not be understood as intended toneither wise nor fit that his friends should seek todisparagetheabilitiesofhiscompetitor. Judge "CorpsofOneHundredMen." ThesearetobeKINGSFORD'S OSWEGO iSILVER-GLOBS R*ARCn Gives a benutiful iininh to the Linen.CAUTION.—Us*less than usual;asitisvery strong.Douglashimselfdoesnot. Forourownpart,we" trwefand picked men." Being " raised," theSEWING-MACHINES.—GEORGE B . SLOAT & reconsidered! and rejected. A nd then the Senate tion o f this palatable cemedy upon the Stomach, Liver a n d E x - Co.'s celebrated Elliptic Lock-Stitch and Shuttle SEWING-MA- went home to dinner.TO B E O K N O T T O B E ."We cannot determine whether the triumph, ofsay—-Ifanyonefancies that a fool willanswer to next thingtobesecured is,ofcourse, " a banner." interfere with free discussion, free speech, and the stump a State against either Lincoln or Douglas, For which most necessary bit of bunting, we needCH1NB8. G . H . C'OLLINB, No. 480 Broadway.<••••hardly lay that the high-souled Hardee looks to the ladies, j, " The ladies, God bless them!" cries Hardee, " will fashion for us a 'Banner,' whichJEDDO H A T of woven straw, an entire newNEW^<HtK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MAY 26, I860." BROOKLYN, N . Y . , Dec. 28,1859.—When I commenced t h e useofthisremedy,fiveweeksago,Iweighed147lbs.,nowIweigh161IBs. Before1had finished thefirstbottlemynervous Weoannotjundertaketoreturn,rejectudCommunications. system hod so much improved that Icou.ld sleep well, and thesweats had ceased to trouble me. My appetite is good, and I feel as If I were going to live In spite of a cavity of the left lung. T h e improvementthathastakenplaceinuiyconditionHASBKKN R08T RRRARKABiB." [J. J. Campbell, AL D.Dr.CampbellNOW(May24th,1860)weighs173lbs.,andevery sign has disappeared !N. B.—In Pulmonary DiseasoB, the most active treatment shouldbepursuedduring thetummer months, theperiodwhen mostpatients vnxcitcly suspend theuseofthe.Remedy. See Treatise.Sold byallrespectable Dnnycists,andwholesaleandrotailat the solo General Depot, by J. WINCHESTER, No. 43 John-st., N. Y .What-Boston:ByWALTONJCMASON,General Agents,No.96Tre-" b|lqpd." W e do not say that, under ordinary"WINCHESTBR'B GKXUINR PREPARATION"reliable form o f the " HYPO'PHOXJMIITKS," a n d is put.TheSpeech of ABRAHAMLINCOLN ofIllinois— atIs the onlyupin7and16ouncebottles,atSIand$2each. Donotcon-found this Remedy with the PiiospHATKsor'' CHXXICAI. FOOI>!"Dr. Churchill's Treatise o n Consumption, a n d Circulars gratis. defending thelpositioivand views o f the Republican party o n thoFor Mcmliersof thelegislature:the Republicans in November will be more pro- Only of GENIN, NO. 513 Broadway, can be had moted by the nomination or by the defeat of Judgenationality should at once be laid aside.WhiletheDemocraticSenators,bytheirindprse- ment of these resolutions, would deprive the Union ofitsnationalcharacter, andrestrictittoamere..league between the States, at the sarae'time theymust be considered as abandoning a pretension oflate so pugnaciously insisted upon—the pretension,House of Representatives in March last, is a sim-ple and beneficent measure, intended, as its title" audjithe darkest day." <' \\i ' •'••theJxnno HATofwoven straw.ZEPHYR MERINO UNCERGARMENTSforWARM \VKATHRR.A great assortment at Lowest Prices.A.'RANKIN k Co.. No. 96 Bowery.UNDERGARMENTSForWarm Weather. Elastic, Durable, and Unshrinkable.Al! sizes and qualities. Call, examine, and compare.* A. RANKIN k Co., No. 9b" Bowery.DouglasatBaltimore.the party will be weakened in.every Free State andutterlypiralyzedifnotdisbandedintheNorth- West; ff h< ;should be nominated, the Cotton States will bolt as a body, and the rest of the Slave Statesare vjiylikelytofollowthem. Mr. Ben-jnmin's late speech—which has been or-will beread by eve y Democrat of any note or influence——— ..-••• . 1.II.•••1•.—•. 11 •»•._—.— , .,,.',1benefit, 160 acres of ^unappropriated public lands, far consistent as to make no pretension of that on which a preemption claim has been filed, byUpon pur word, we do not know. What Hardee will not'do, we are able, giving him credit for t,ol- e.rable sincerity, to guess at, by studying his most interrogative manifesto.("Shallwe,"asksL.A.Hardee,"assisttoforge "chainstofetterourchildren?" Heanswersthatquite unwilling to take so discreditable a course.. "ShallwestandforthbeforeEuropeandtho '(civilised world as unworthy to be recognized as "a nation?" Hardee thinks not. He believes.thatit would be "puerile, weak and dastardly" to take that pjLKiicularposition.BOATING HATS and CAPS always to be found at in the South -is exerting a most damaging ihflu-Federal Constitution. These resolutions are soTCTHILL'a,No. 366 Broadway.UMBRELLAS,TravelingBag.*,LeatherHat-boxes,Brushes,Whisk Brooms, Hat-hooks, 4ic, kc.ence over the Little Giant's prospects throughout every State south of Mason & Dixon's. It.is noteworthytat,after"theCicerooftin;Senate"" andhalfadezen otherlifo-lon^Democratshad tried their po .'ors on Douglas with very little effect,sort. They base the claims of Slavery to tolera- tion and support merely on the fact that it "exists in fifteen States, and "composes an important yportion of their domestic institutions "—thus recognizing Slavery as purely a State affair. Theysuchperson, orwhichmay bo subject to preemption, at $1 25 or less, per acre; or 80 acres may be enteredat$250peracre. Thecertificatefor thislandisnottobegivenforfiveyearsfromthe date of entry, and then, of within two years after-"of tlje most approved styles, together with CLOTH HATS of vari- ous patterns, designed for Men and Youth.our old Whi compatriot Benjamin took the task also abandon the dogma, oflate soz«lously urged, ward, the person making the entry, orthe widow,in hand and adthe Giant square out ofthe Dem- that the Federal Constitution rocoglizes slavesas or the widower, lor the infant child, or " them of thoir heritage ?" He replies that heiaFATIOUJ: CATS, constantly in stock, or made to order. TUTHILL, Hatter,pretended claim of slaveholders to take slaves intohe is as good a Whig to-day as T>\iES$BLACK FROCK COATS, $4 50 to $18. otee ofOld ickory out of the party founded bytho Territories, and to be protected in holding occupied for the' five years by thc person in. No. 366 Broadway.SFRIN« BUSINKHS SUITS, #7 to $16.GJBO. A . HfNTKR i i Co., Mauunoth Clothinj? Warehouse,• Nos. 290 and 205 Bowory.For Costiveness?orConstipation,which gradu- back,wishes1himaverygoodmorning! Thisisanition of Slavery by the Constitution is, that it is or sold for their benefit by the executor, adminis- '^n the apportionment of powers among the in no §veni become iliable for the satisfaction of"States." Thatinitselfwouldseemtobeasuf- anydebtscontractedpriortotheissueofthepat-"Young men of Florida, will you joinme?' IardeeIssurethattheywill.rallybreaksdowntheconstitution,andlaysthefoundationforqueerworld.i"Shallwehavethehonor,"heinquires finally, " of being the first to fill the breach?" Here, it will be qeen, we have the most decidedly importantquestion, Because this filling the breach, do youBRIDGEWATER PAINT,formingacompleteme-talliccoatinj!forroofs,railroudbridgos,depots,villas,hullsand essentiallyoftheschoolofSirBoyleRoche,the decks of w»neU, or anything requiring a cheap and durable coatof paint. . . HlCK» Si BETTH, No. 72 Maiden-lano.TH. BOVGLAS.The Providence (R . I.) Post dooms Mr. Lincoln inferiorasadebater toMr. Douglas—atloaBt,itact,andtheactisnottointerferewithexistingrights. ThisistheHousebill;andthemeasureis therpp|)fertobeanunpleasantbody,withthrustsTi mand healing emoJient for Scalds and Burns; more cooling than lime-water; it allay* the inflammation, and extructa tho heut und pain—leavingther*!»tofthesuffererundisturbed, andthe skin without a «car.kc,sell anything-and, missed it, unless they had strong says so. Let us hear what it has to offer on this large, whose interest it is, directly and indi- may find slashes a solace. In fact, the grievous" C O S T A R ' S " "COSTAR'S" "COBTAX's"" COSTAK'S'* "COSTAHVRat,Roach,Croton Bug,BedBug, Exterminator." Onr impresflion is, that w e road all the discussions ia,-which thtoettVwocnandiidlatoe!ii!woeroe'oenwgaiKged,.inthatm.e.morable controversy slide. They have already been faithful to him for —Mr. Lincoln's MpeccheB, na well aa M r . Douglu»'u. W e felt a deenjntercHtinthoconviiHa,OHdidevery.Democratinthocoun-a/:d four YLrsVPrezninm Sliver Medals, a*y and the delight with which it w»ut received fumliiliesthethe Maine Lawj to' supply the sinews of war forthey were forced home. They were fastened upon the llonub-lican partyi they, were fastened upon Lincoln; they woreburnedintohisvery flesh. Therewasnoreplytobeodered Insteadofgivingthelandfreeofcost,itrequiresSlave S ajfces. The report therefrom—their " own "repor;againstthemselves"—-is reallypainful. They have already suffered whatever indignity i ta*** been awarded i t as bem 5 the beat i a the market. For salebest evidence^efihe appropriateness o f i U title. Young men. . .•', -'dflUZtilJ•i . •' .,•1 :...-•»•.••.;•.'''•• i ii•»Termscash. JAddrossHORACEGREELEY&Co., jTribuneBuildings,New-York.and experience, butsolely forthe purpose of keeping the States, so far as their domestic in- stitutions are concerned, in a perfectly isolated, andnotonlyinanisolated,butinastationaryNo. 409 BBOA»WAT, NHW-YOBIC...mjnmrwinfrmwn'•;•. mmis " all right," he ia verj' likely to be nominated.Still,wethinkGuthriewouldproveastronger 'deuceinhiscauseandinhimself;andhesucceededinimpart-TWWW9PV•VTfTV, ' vvm .VTTVPjrpFPFFFPPVTYYTT TTTYTrrr.rYYYYXYYTYYYY TYYTYYTY YYYY YYYYYY YYYYY TYYYY$ YYYYT- '' YYYYYYYYYTnrxTYrm'Y6886888683 R88£888Sft8lt»8home 'on a large portion of"I the pub- this namely: \ L<Ag heforu Mr. Lincoln was r<* lic dor»ajn. a n a , contrary to the spirit888838 .88883888888688 8B8SBBS8 S88BB8 868868388888888888888 . SS8S8888S88They are largely attended,control nominations. They talk right/to the point; I>onglas( which had given him POmuch prominence, are here s e tBALLOIT'SPIITBNT IMPKOVBB FRBXCH YOKB SnntTS.ability with which they were analyzed, a^d their sophistry heldAnyonedesiringtosendustheirmeasurepermail,forOur Shirts,can.doso,andwewiUroturnthemwhen finished, byex- press, a t $1B^ $15, and $18 per dozen."wherereceivedthemostgratifyingcommendations. Thedis- tinctivefeaturesofthoRepublicanparty,jasthe friend of Free board,unlessthereismanifestdangerthathe LaborandFreeInstitutions,incontrastwjithtliatofShiveryandWebegattentiontotheTactthatourBtockofSITMMBRCfOTH- INGianow-ready. Itembracesallthelatestandmost'desirable fabrics o f this land the foreign markets, which are gotten up with all thc taste aijd style o f our well-known manufacture.5 0 cents a Copy, Bound in Muslin. $350 perThousand, Bound.$ 3 5 per Hundred, unbound. $250 perThousand, unbound.Theywillbeboxedand,sentbyexpresstoallpartsofthe Country. Committees and individuals willFoster k Co., Columbus, Ohio, and designate h o w many copiesTYYTCJersey, Pennsylvania, and along down the Ohio. True, a Democratic Protectionist in the Presi- dential chair is as impotent as though he were in China (witness Mr. Buchanan); but then, the fools not being all dead, by a great many, his Protection- ismwillserveasalure forNorthern votes,while the Cotton States will perfectly comprehend that it can never amount t o anything.batesbetween Messrs. Lincoln and Douglas—not one side merely, but BOTH sides—as \fr campaigndocu~'mentfor 1860. WitnessRepublicans, advertisedweeks ago:DKUATE8 nKTWRKk JOlflSItfl. fctWCOtN AWP VOVGhA*. To the Members of thc Republican Party.•[ jThe undersigned haye arranged with the Publishing House of FOM.KTT, FOSTKK. !& Co,between MeBsra. Lincolil and Douglas, in Illinois, during tho e x - citing campaign o f 1858; and the speeches preceding t h e debates,We arcin-receipt oflato importationsofalldesirable FUR- wouldeasilyelectStephensortheotherDemocrat NISHING Goon^, SHIRTS, &X. Prices a s low a s any house fa t h ePUREjWHISKY.—60barrelsS.T.Suit'sSalt abilityis,however,that,whethertheyadvanceinceivingthoremittance.. promptly ? Respectfully,Willyour friendsaidhithismatter GP^ORGE M . PARSONS,"When,underthesulphuryauspicesoftheemi- nont Rynders, the.salvo of great guns inthe Park hasatthesunsethourannouncedthegatheringofTOC0RIIESPCWDENT8.-No notice can b e taken of Anonymous CoaimunioatlonB.ever is intended for insertion must b o authenticated b y t h e ntttne mid address of the writer—not necessarily for publica- tion,but|asaguarantyforhisgoodfaith.Business letters for T H ETRIBUNE should in all cases b e ad- dressedtoHORACBGRBBLBY&.Co.. W M . PATTOX, WATERBURY, Conn., receives T H E TRIBUNE at12m.Mr. Lincoln in that discussion, why not? terJyJReyiew, printed here and published 'in Geor- —We might proceed to show that The gia', and which is in that painful parturientN a t i o n a lP o l i t i c s 'LegislaturethatwafetoelectaU.S.Senator)was as follows:nouncement like the following, which begins what is sarcastically called a "Salutatory," cannot fail to excite public apprehension. " I n less than "twelvemonths," saysthisQuarterly sosavageand tartarly, "this country may be delugedintheCooperInstitute,Now-York,Feb.27,1860^xplainin3andLincoln.Miller....125,275 Lecompton5,071Douglas.subjectofSlayory: Towhichisaddodtho Hon.JAMKHR.DOO- LITTLR'S vindication of tho Republicans of Wisconsin frotatho charge of Nullification.Price,percopy,Acents;perdosson,25cents;per100,$125; p«r1,000, $10.Ifbymail,onecenteachmustbeprbpoid....125,480• For Treasurer:Dougherty..,..5,071121,090 Fondey. ....121,609InstructionIfheshouldbedropped,''•tojH.mrt. affectgraduation lands; nor is it permitted to embrae* laud* which have been reserved to be sold o r e n -candidate. In the first place, he is a Southron, ing a portion of this confidence to the. excited Republicans who tered at $2 50 per acre, thus denying, listened to him."has fought the battles of Slavery all hig life,and Let usjust put onefact—a most incontrovert- a settlement to those who want a fre^>was prominent in fastening upon Kentucky the in- ible one—in opposition to the above assertions:their [hero is doomed.but not,by the men who manage Conventions andi been witnessed for many years. Tho peculiar doctrines of JVfr.forth b y him, i n their rnost attractive forms; while the eminenttheelectionintoCongress,,wheretheHousewould whitepaper,"atthcfollowingrates:States, theymightpossiblythrow t h ejColvmbvs,»AVISPLATFORM.We had repeatedly urged Republicans to buy the Tammany tribes, we have always thanked our and circulate this discussion—had ourselves pro- private planet that it did not enter into the serene cured and sold some hundreds of copies of it—be- mind of the Chief Bombadier to double-shot hisand all now indorsed by the vote of the Dem- ocratic Senators, at least they are in singular con- trast with the claim set up on. behalf of the Sham Democracytobeanationalparky.or can have, under the Federal Constitution, any such thing as a common interest, or a national policy. They,setuptheStateline'sasfixedandcondition indicated by " Vol. 1, No.1." But impassablebarriers,withinwhichthepolitical, Douglasin1858receivedamajorityofthepopular thebantlingisaperfectlittlesuckingMi-Post is entirely wrong in asserting that Mr. . moral, and religious sympathies of their respective vote of Illinois. That vote (|for Members of thocitizensaretobestrictlyconfined. Theydenounce, asaviolationoftheFederalConstitution, anyin- terest which may be taken by citizens of one State in meliorating the laws and institutions of another.The Union was formed, if we are to accept the doc- trine ofthese resolutions, notwitha viewto mutual aid and assistance inthe gradual improve- mentofourinstitutions,*andthetransmissionnerva, spear, shield and casquet all in-cluded. • She Lisps in infancy nothing correctly summed up in our article of Wednesday but unmitigated thunder and lightning. An an-of it, was intended not to make us a united, but supported Judge Douglas, being impelled theretoto keep us a divided people. It aimed at raisingchanan's term, were estimated at $80,000. Mr. but as having mutually agreed that their respective counties of Madison, Morgan, and Sangamonunanimously supported Mr. Lincoln, he must have succeeded.—Wetrust noonewillunderstandusasdispar- ngingJudgeDouglas'sconductofthecanvasson his side. He made a great race^—one eminentlycitizens should refrain from any criticism, whether based on political, moral, or religious ideas, upon anythingwhichanyStatemight seefittotolerateNegro questicBell or Ever tt. Yet he turns a disciple.and dev- them there, even in spite of Territorial legislation whose name the entry was made, or by the lieirs.to the contrary. AH that is set up as to the recog- In case the heirs are iafants, the claim may be heldthatworthy readilyashewouldkickadogdownstairs, and, ,jjhaving locked the door' behind his regarded " as constituting an important element trator, or guardian. The land thus acquired chojesofdrijyingabetterbargainelsewhere. And aBjsigris indicatephat theyaro about to,let DouglaBpoint:rectly,thatfreehomesshall boprovided onthe public domainforallwhoneedthem,andthatan end shall be put to speculation in these lands.wrongstowhich his beloved Florida, withthe demesne^ adjacent, has been subjected, may pos- sibly have, affected unpleasantly tho Hardee intel- lectuals.;!BetweenCatsandhimself,hemaypos-morethantiiiromonths,whichisagreatwhilefor try;andwonaturallywantedtoknowwhatwanbeingRaidby the combatunts. W e "hull not b e charged with surrendering'our them. TheyarejnowcoquettingwithGuthrieand•judgmenttotiblindprejudice,ortoadmiration of aman; " COSTAKV Depot, No. 512 (opposite St. Nicholas Hotel.) Breckinridge; bjit they mean Horatio Seymour when w e repeat what wo said at th« time, that in pointThis bill was sent to the Sonate, where it wassubjectedtoaserioushandling,givingtoitquite sibly,ii|isdreadfuldistemper,begintofindanElectric P.owder for Insects, Moths in Furs, Clothes,Carpetn,Zee.ANOTHER NOVELTY .'—THE NEWTORT HAT, a all the time.j He istheir own man, and his election mon—Judge Douglas utood far ahead of hia competitor.' lie exhibited, moro of. power— very much moreBy the Senate bill, the privilege is limited toheadsoffamilieswhoarecitizens,orwhohavebe-moredown-trodden, and more contumeliously-kickedducedbyKNOX, NO. 2Vi Broadway, cor. Fulton-st.-would throw the vast patronage of the Govern- than Mr. Ljhcolu. Hifl points were clearly Btutod; h U facts were neverofa duestiouable sort;hii conclusions couldnot posaibly ment completely!into their hands; while they rely be avoided.' They were fortified on all sides, and so well forti- fied that n o Court in the civilized world would have permitteddegraded!cruelly insulted, more oxtremelyof ability—that ability which w e seek for in the Htiitea- other form und features.insignif cant difference. This we will say: In the opio|on of Hardee, there is not a morocome citizens beforo a patent is claimed; thus cut-Broadway, l»sued h i s " Sonsatiou" H A T for young men yester- on the gratitude- of the JRum interest for his veto of, a further accumulation o f evidence In their support. A n d thou ting off young men who are not heads of families. people upon the Footstool than the people of theUntitled DocumentFor Superintendent of PublicBateman.... .124,556 Reynolds 5,173 French . 122,413—Thesefiguresshowthat ThePost'sassump- lasaheadofhisparty'saveragestrengthareen-such<afearfulannouncement,havepreservedanTJM| far the indomitable Ilardee has neither his who is the head of a family, or of the ago of 21 fact, rait that nasty crisis bothering him in respectdeclares, to secure homesteads to actual settlersonthe.publicdo/nain. It enacts that anyperson Cayaljljf Corps norhisBanner—has nothing, inof.'hisjlfroiit yard. Presuming that he will obtain coming,acitizenoftheUnitedStates,mayenter, hisfoi-ceandhisflag,it reallybecomes an inter-years, who is, or has filed an intention of be-namely, that Slavery is .not merely a State but aNational institution, recognized as such by the free of cost, provided it isfor his orher exclusive esting question toknow what he intends to doT•.;•m Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 