«!• aaWrTen hum (P«wr) fcr—Wkbb ok HAjraiHO Wom«k. ^The editor of The Speaker of tteBlata t'ASASnCT W XBBIO-Db ruxnKUTi.Albany,which is thedtyof hisstatement.From Britist Columbiaand^has as intrial.2jority of them; when the Territory was in a everlasting franking*yjg~^K—^- -J'^-^—-——" tending to point out the perpetrator of the crime, IMmW-TOBKTDOS(WMklr>-*«»'9MUM« andMia.McCiistke,whowasIncustodyonsus-Kansas at the Door.Ea.nsas is again knocking for admission into himself with the of how delicate a were confirmed Wag|M,jwa Cta» <liMal)r fr Mn, «at( M-picion of complicity in the matter, was dissharred. feie Jury rendered a verdict that deceased died ofThe manufacturers of Northeasternthoughtmorsel it wonld be for the headsman's axe.Hubor Master, and Mr. LmmmxT for Portby the Senate to-dar, aftsr alM^to secure, U any act that <authority to eauae the ,.—mtif baaaiMd, ^* *iTtJichitfaelr TivsbTinomMatD'belniiafeTTed tovaaoe—bat we thinkcompressionthe Federal Union. The Wyandotte Constitu-tion was introduced into the Senate on Tues-day, and Senator Sewabb moved its reference lature threatens to us the of yiM VtiMMuma. Messrs.spectacleRepublican>aV-T«vsTiaif. fierce storm and the fact that the price of admission cnltural and commercial ofThe rumorsof an intended opposition to the new State sickly sentimentality which makes leas Bhada- in favor of if ttls week. Mi. Vtm Taucsrum wmfuUyIndorsedbytheRepubUcaa ofUa mamli^sTxovra.aaw SOWIBT TBXATBtf-Aciuas or Pasoa—Pout ceipts, and the old line to hold the Pacific side,jMSAjTBTEua F^i Mnr. wiln 70 per cent. New-York Central closed 70} seeing France thus suddenly put to sea with-Iroute on the basisof30 per cent, of the gross re-oughtpreferIfUSXirK—Iftmoo*—Tb>Wauocxor percent.^Therestofthemarketsomewhathigher ^XinnrB than yesterday, but the whole list unsettled at thisoutthetime-honoredchartsofColbert.Rouen cries out that the end of all things is at hand, when her looms are to be matched with the busyspindlesofEnglandandScotland. But all these terrors have lostnaGLUt—ThbCobblzkabsbisWiri—^STonliitf—Ths close. NovariationinMoneyorExchange.to throw around the feeble and theror it Is fstended to Inspire In the wicked and uaprln-nOjSlirAT BOmOIR—Box Am Coz—Ooos ro« Etil —nniJK0!i«.TBBATBI VBAJfCAIB—Li Chitaliie sis Dauis— Ryerequest. A gootl inquiry prevailed for the princi-amongmrmwlThe transactions in Cotton were limited. Prices were unaltered. Flour was unsettled. Wheat,York, In favor of comityand Barley were quiet. Com was in slacktheir slave servants may bela the State of New-York for nine montlis.A fsvorable wasreport madeoathebilltolaootp^or^-kindsofProvisions. Cofiee,Sugars,Molassesand Rice were moderately dealt in. Other branches When of trade were essentially unchanged. There were329 vessels, of all classes, in port.toocloths first came IntoVO. Mi BBOADWAT—K. Do Cbaillc's AruoAS Col-jfOBUn 8ALO0X—fiaeiai OfeBian'i MnrRuu.FALAOIgABPMT—Ta»A«TO«a«*;Oa.*!HnAauii. AttheLiveStockmarkets,thereceipts ofani- fashion,andadeputationfromAmienssolemn-HEWS OF THE DAY.mals have been only moderate during the week.week" lyassuredtheGovernmentthatthe Kingdomif the Senator from of cfkerprttem life ; but let the majesty of that law she mortgage for »35,000 held by the S-a«t«e>a«n«t«nm^«Sma»and the Prince Albert at Baint Jonn's, Newfoondland, extend our foreisn dHces to Feb. 4. The news is without striking in- terest. In the House of Commons, Lord Johm Bds- aau had declined to produce the papers relative to th« annexation of Savo; to France, but said thatpraspect revealingThe jlr<wo,'atJhi8port,milch cows; ;andft., estimated dressed tectionist doctrine, that the snrest way to makepalimposing grandeur by printedcites. Givethe oneguilty all the sympathy her age, ate the Dime Savings Bank.The total arrivals at allandletherment be a warning, a just and terrible ens, to those who offend agaimt the peace and welfare of the com-theending yesterday, numbered 3,250 beef cattle140 3,993 hogs,—being a decline from the previous week of 1,440 beeves, and 3,629 sheep, and an increase of 1,148 hogs. At yesterday's general weekly market,beeves advanced JcSJc. ^shuddered with horror at athe impending famine of a whole nation!" Nevertheless France haa outlived the introduc- tion ofpastw. u^, {iidiclarvbill of MoLaoB Mosnn, relative to New-York.the Dlstilct C-o~nt—s time.;467 veal calves;5,663 sheepCoont Walxwsei, prior to his resignation, had weight. The quality, though fair, was not so good a people rich is to blockade them,has received giraD assarances that no such project was enter- as last week, and the receipts were 700 less thanta^ied by France. On a qaestion of appointing a the weekly avarege last year. All brought in were a blow from this new policy of the Emperorwhich it will hardly survive, we doubt not thattoo high an appreciation of their good sense onward to the goal of her present life," or, inand discrimination to attribute their course to other words, the should we do gallows. Why^tli. RoTCB introonceo a bill to rertUate the sale ofpoisons, the principal section of which prsrldss that naCoo^ttee to investigate the miscellaneous ex- sold before night. Cows remain at former low rates.personshallsellorgivethefollowingpotscmoossab- agy regard to the principles which have al- this? Because she is a woman? If so, why stances without the written order or prasctlfcigaof aof the coontry, the Ministry had been Veals were in fair demand—a few of thp best sel-ways regulated the admission of new States,regularly educated whose Bame aad ras'-peaditatesbeaten by a majority of 28. The London Post, the organ of the Premier, announces that England andnext ten years taken appear so perfectly natural and reasona-^no Intervention will bo permitted. It is also advance of last week is maintained—corn-fed sel- ble to the most of Frenchstated that the consolidation of Central Italy with ling at 6ic.®6}c. live weight. Satlfinii is reguded by both Governments as thewhoieaala anditspnparatl^s atrophia and Its salts, canthatldes, ciotoa ouTdatnuFrance are allied on the Italianijuestion,and thatsas.tious spirit and sectional policy which will notthomless roses ?sideration for the sanctities of sex in our dis-and its salts, delphlna aad its salts, digita>laad Usnia to the 23d nit. Judge HcAllistik had refused to (fiMolTe the injunction in the Almaden Quick-sUrvr nine case, thus making it necessary to keep the works closed mitil the United States Supreme Conitshallpassuponthematter. Politicianswereboaly enraged in preparations for the NationalDaHMCiatfc and Bepnblican Conventions. The Anti-Lecompton State Committee had met and adjourn-andwhichor, at best, was a mere technical requirement, whose end is answered if the desired in- formation in regard to the population of theby,nobable that the delegates to be appointed toChatleston by the regular Convention would be this truth sinksyearly deeperintospecieof France has increased within the same pe-and interests of itsIt is certainly not to the credit of the con-for desire to be understood that Is to I, moaeylb.liveweight. Sheepweresome- whatjscarce and iScaSOc. per head dearer. Hogs are not abundant, but the demand is moderate. Theof which we are to strew with quantities. Prusdc acid, aconiteexaep this pathling at 7Jc.or to thecase of Kan- particular endpeople.aeatlon had been indorsed by both Houses of tUe the ties of reciprocal interest, as in his On tlie other side ef theChannel, also, The Post-ofBce Deficiency bill, without the ab- avowed motive of developing the resources, events must be his advocates. They willSpeaker, asked how he dared, with sucholition of franking clause, was allowed to fostering the industry, and swelling the opu- doubtless convince passEngland in due time that from the Senate to the President yesterday, and is lence of the people committed to his care. the good of France is her good alsox Lordto " our member," or who has businesswith the Departments, that he would on Inshiuations? If it' were not reliable, how no account be willing to saddle him- dare he make the inslnaation at all? Wasnowalaw. Abill abolishing franking was thenThat Napoleon, inhis commercialconsWered, and after various attempts to modifyinitiatingDkrby declaims against the admission ofit, so as to exempt newspaper exchanges and the programme, had the former not less than the French wines, because in the first place no-self with a burden which his prevents.it a trick to hiilnence the action of &e Bouse on the bill. If so, it was most unworthy. Yet If notwidows of Presidents from its operation, was latter object in view, is, indeed, conclusively wants or will usethem, and because, in was the time designated for it to take effect. demonstrated by his own conduct. Hardly the second place, Ihey will drive the blessedpassed by a vote of 54 to 2. The middle of April bodygiving proper attention to his legislative true, why should it have been used tohave been admitted when no previous act of duties, and seriously interferes with his com- current of debate on an amendment to the bill t Itonly by majoritycoaisMrf the debate the Speaker took occasion to relation to the exact nature of its several -warn the Honse that money was to be Uberallythe Honse, but simply OB tiia private responaibility, made aA marvelamongThe Pro Rata bill w as then taken up.ing the bill applicable to Canals as well as Railroads.A ConTention assembled at Binghamton, yester-to the State and National rights. day, perfect organizationThe changes which it contem-against citizens of the State, and therefore it waa and for liis individual completely and readily changed its character, Jand needless to apply the provlsioBS of the Ull to tlWM«of the new Union Pai^. So far as the proceed- plates are to be brought about gradu- ings were made public, members of the American ally, not andgood feeling, and widely at variance with thetruth. Mr. Eoiicndson, one of the oldeet mem- sition or public service,suddenly simultaneously. C. B. YMMBUkM, of Montgomery, presided, and Mr. Thus, though the present French prohibitive J. L. BlOTH, of Brooklyn, was appointed Chairman duties on almost all British commodities areto canals, to say that casal forwarders had nsvaT success is the discrtmhiated against dtlieas of the State, but hold-Futyseemtobeforemostin themovement. Mr.to a salute ofartillerythe world.It win not do to say that this greatof the ^Jonunittee on State Organization ; Erastcs BlOOKS, of this City, of that on National Organiza-first to be reduced to moderate protective du-l^>pears read this speech, as reported in the journals, with -natural indignation, and suffered himselfmi Mi. B. Gbatm, of Brooklyn, Chairmanties, yet even this reduction Is not to takeCityare commerce of the State.The amendmeat to extend the provisions of the billtioo ;of tlie OOHBktae on the Address.place November and December of the cur-once. fact, Fiction,on the tHilton Bank of this City, of whicn he was till January, 18G1, in Uie case of Colonial su- aisiitant derk to tlie Cashier, Wx. J. Lank, Sr.,Meeting Mr. Hickkah in ings after a very semi-civilized fashion, byhis bther, was commenced yeaterdar, on one out gartiU June, 1861, in that ofthread and hemp,to contribute to thenvirblddis- tolls on railroads.of aboDt indietmanta, in the Coart of Oyer and till October, IPCI, in that of all other thirty pro-and Terminer, before Jndge Irobaham. The ducts. We have nothing definite or reUable asthethe face with a smallwereallowedwhenevertheespecial admirerseased which the prurient sensation lltara- appetitetuieefthedaysoindiscriminatelyfeeds. Notasug-AfterfartherdebatetheCommitteeroseandreport- Mr. tSSiia attempted to make the blU the specialpresent indictment charges a folae entry in one ofthe baidt books, called the "Book of ForeignBecords," to the amount of $618 7S-100 to tiavetwig, him on his arrival in murderous of shouldseefit togreetgestionrder forhe Bouse adjoutaed.but before taking the questtonbeen made by the defendant, for the purpose into British marketsbut we maystampedeof vehicles which were caused by the'The Fatal AmAT Bftwkn Schoolmatis.—ofdefrauding the Bank out of tliat sum. The charge agamst him is, under the statute, forgery m the third degree. A powerful array ofGreat popularizing of such a class literature as the Ledger affords, and every one whotiean aftay between two schooimstM: RmMH, oae*^<"n are Messii. Chas. O'CohobJ£l rtfl VJ;.^»*' *EPeared to prosecute and de- modification.MM*^S°f!.'^n''^when the French tariff was «was»oiiH, who, with one other boy, Present,**-.^'??Ti„""""^SSl.iVJ T^1^„°^ ? '""y- «"<! oily one wit-but theis to fall ordinance in question makes no exceptions to BxposTio Mob Yiolxnci in Chilliootbe, Jms. The^^rday, after th^J^"'""see in such a proceeding as this a blow given government,"theaomined. The tnal pmeeed this morning.the one that we have mentioned, andconfere no discre-Mo.-.-The St. Louis Republican, Feb. says 13,:'* Ripiok ncrs at hood,Then was no busmess transacted of General Sessions, owing to thein tlS Court"bsence of enablelearn that the Statedispatched two messengers—Messrs. MoClcnst and PxxBOoiT—In charge of some $J5,(XM in hills on thewltneasea,and Attorneydaylife.Mr.In a much dlstnss, aal diedthe engagement ofIn the Lane tnal m the Oyer andappreciate Theour public and our private EnMCNnsoN undoubtedly merits a re-•You hare broken my slda tn.' Wamwosckthe District Termi ner. Kr. Watbbbitbt appeared in the latter Courtnearly recovered from his sickness.of its execnUon was the beginning of a new era In the indus-tion on any branch of the City Governmenttosaying,immediately went home.hour, and a half werereajddnghajw'trial and annals of the Western Pow- station which he holds, but aa the whole mat- are not disposed to be captious in the matter, the specie for It. The amoont on the politicalhad his letter to M. Fould, on thefree trade as tlie basis of public policy, been;Congress has authorized the proceedings that have been taken to this end.Our correspondent at Washington has reasonto believe that it will not pass the House of Eep-resentatives. The Senate subsequently went intoexecutive session, confirming Philip F. Thohas, given to the world, than its indefatigable au- but the armament of new war-steamers in thea Printer, Mr. Dxfbkis, theand France—a which should treatythe length and breadth ofthe land. The bitterness which was engendered by thethose to payfor the ofbenefits the mail service tually expended money to push forward this pettofor resolutions and motions, when notice was each, and prepare the way for the annihilationchoosyEepublican candidate, falling in each case one open the ports and markets of both countries short of an election. A choice on the first ballotattemptswho receive them, and in the in proportionthor hastened to put himself into communica-If the opposition ofthe Democratic SenatorsEnglandthronghoutwe have of course no official information inyardsfor thehisbosom of the party, that he shall at least dopunish-Committee reported hi favor ofsolutionoftheItalianproblem. The TheAnglo-GallicTreatyorCommerce. whysomuchtalkshouldeverhavebeenmadeOD^ ftOfOTdiaeootant in Hungary was becoming so serious asCommerce is beyond question the most pow- over so simple a matter.The only ground of objection to granting the to application of Kansas to come into the brother-tors, who shrank altogether, like savages asthey were, from swinging womanhood—a chester County to ptarchsse the Pelhsm Bridaa.to excite grave apprehensions at Vienna.Advices &om Vera Cruz to the 10th inst., reacherful bond ofthat can unite nations to-But theappealeloquent gentlemenintercourse has become so intimate, our com- mercial interests so intermingled and amalga-theof thatprinciple tolanguageprinciplesofBritish beer out of the market. Lessfort and convenience. We the aboli- regardtion of the frank as even more important in this view of it than as a measure of economy__. thethat aaoidiaaocea, they should b« enfbnad « aadw*of Maryland, as Commissioner of Patents, andJudge SOWLSB, of Tennessee, as Treasurer of theUnited States. The House of Representativesspent the earlier period of the session in fruitless ions ofa new treaty of commerce b^ween she can constime, and France, which con- animosity, which they profess to deprecate,tion with Lord Cowleyisit willthesectionalcountry;prac-touching the provis-more thansumes more than she can produce, of both.persisted in,intensifywndthe purenits of peace, and the 4teBA of theirconflicts from the slippery deck and the smoke- vuIsiLg the nation on the subject. Let K be wfil finHierTeiitnre the suggeation to mitBa- shrouded field to the workshop and the furrow. taken op moderately and discreetly, aa the ppbllcai) fdeada, that it may be weU for tbem This new commercial treaty Is Napolios's text for some rational and considerate action'latest and not hia least solid pledge of amity to by Congress in condemnation of that easy re-England—hisbestrefutationoftheobloquy sorttoviolence,whetheronoroffttiefloorofamine and rapoit 4b idat^'l* Aa heating ani entflatiaa ef the paWc aehool boikUngs. TheOiritatetoMraJof lU|^«tiMi did not meet for Wtlitofaqvotma. Tbennmberofemigrantsar- rirad'totlialSthfaiat. waa 2,392, and the balance ofthaOoMmataHonFand in Bank is $18,047 23.last Friday night, waa yesterday concluded by enduring monument ofhis fame than all the tro- ever, without extravagant howls or pariisan very closely resemble the Emperor Aooustos,The fBTeatlgatioD of the cutiumstances attend- and calumny heaped on him by her Press, and the House, which bar grown so alarminglying the mmder of Wm. 8. Tobbs in State-street it wni prove in the future a more glorious and upon our public men, and. then dismissed for- the Courier and Enquirer does not, perhaps,Comipt Praetieea.Coroner Jaokxab. No evidence was elicitedphies which be won at Magenta or Solferino. or course it haa not been received without alarm in France, or without distrust in Eng-misrepresentationsofanykindwhatever.but there is a touch in him evidently of that less popular Cssak, who, while admiring his mistress' small, white throat, used to refreshAlbast, Wafasad^r. AkUl The nominations of Hr. Tav TAUtttSflV fcfof the brain, the result of violence at the hands of some unknown person or persons.Hon. Cassius M. Clat, of Kentucky, delivered his long-expected address before the Young Men'sUnion last evening, at the Cooper In- stitute. The Hall was crowded, in spite of theland.France, who have seen the twenty mill-owningof therich luder the regime of protection and pro-He is greatly exercised becatise the Legia-boars' sssstoa.The ToU stood 18 to 12 OD the coaiimatiga a/ Mr.departmentsEmpire prosperandgrowhibitioB, at the expense of the sixty>&ve agri- departments the Centre, the South and the West, are loudly clamoring against a change which they de-to the Committee on Territories.disposesof thewas fixed at twenty-five cents. Mr. Clat ex-pressed his views on all the prominent politicaltopics of the day, including Dbid Scott, JobsBbowh, Hilpeb, Shibman, and Republican pros- nounce as a revolution. The Protection- by Senator Bsown, instructing the Committee &shion:I CT IHBATBxIiBa Boiuaoi or A Pom pecU for 1860. ists on principle, who think, like Monsieur to inqtiire whether the provisions of the Eng- Accustomed always to regard the sex ss thetesldaoce. 8EITATZ.jAtfcACT There was considerable excitement in the Stock 1>UUXBOTPaTHKATBS-JaAanDsam,mxmMarketyesterdayinNew-YorkCentralandPacific Mathiiit,thateveryfaitneroughttobelish bill had beencompliedwith, and the weaker, our first feeling Is that a woman Is la danger, by andourfirstfmpuUetointeipoieInherbehalf.ButAUASX,Wedasaday,Feb.ifc A pstltton was i«»ss«(»il ssHin isr Am r^eal •(«v-,ateMBM lfi»-IioniAa.— BiKUneilU»K—Gmki'i Boiak AimiiaiAlU position line occupyguilty party ground that Kansas could not be admitted as a ctnoot but enhance the eaormlty of the crime, If theshares. The latter rose ten per cent, on rumors of his own and that, if a man remarks of Senator Mason, who took the the very constderatios of ttie sex of the sugar-baker,—a division of the California business with the Op- in thewants to drink London-"-[T"— 111 "If III -*1Hii TnrlBSs^f the SupceoM Court and the Coort of Apfwais.Mr. McLsoD MnarHT presented a petitloc boatthe latter to the AtlanticPyreneesconsideration is allowedhowever, does not discriminate. Whenwas csmmltted, the provisions of th* law werepor Stras- burg beer, arc lost in amazement and alarm atter, tlie lawto make himState without a violation of the law which re-that a census of the population shouldbe taken antecedent to the fonnation of a Con- known, its justBcss acknowledged. Relax its strict- relating to the State loebriala A^tam aad eoiaa stitution. Itisalsocurrentlyreportedthat nessnowinthiscase,sndthesafeguardsItIsIntended money.use,weavers of France wept and wailed in the like lyand sex and circumstances demandher alltmootkthe commercialof thewhich Napolion has nowpresent before her so very rough a goal at the dence shall be physician,attached thereto, inwill make theof theWe see in it only the evidence of a fac-printed cloths;the Pro-are astonished atWebb's condescensionMr. LAfBAK Railroad. Introduced a billconspicuous prophetsnothingof a growth largerwhile it wUl establish inbetweenEngland,which-producesspeechfromahotel-windowatcognizant, which Paris Constitutionnel and other journals have a crowd rejoicing over the election of Mr. derstand also the enthusiasm with whichnsedtodefeatthebill,andreferredtoconespona- clauses butwe ;may judgefromwhattheWashingtonto cordedhimnostintedpraiseto this measure came from the frleadsenceofwhichhe had becomecalled for $100,000 as immediately needed for pur-poses of corrnption. The statement caused much learned on this interesting subject, that the excitement, but a motion of Mr. Callicot for a tone of the instrument is at once Committee of investigation was unsuccessful.he enterpriseentitled itBojntxa,publisher,libera) in princiiilo and respectful to vestedhe took occasion to taunt the whole State of ers, and tli?ir desire to give him a distinguished a class of Wall-street merchants, brokers and import- discrimination had been made agaiast cainis, aadthat canal forwarders had aevar diseiiolaaledtill theto be stung by it into a state of rather super- nancemust commend itself to every sensible who considers for a moment the conse-erature atsentiment, fancy,hi fit pages. To all, the highest order of to canals was lostThe^dofWv. J. Lass, Jr., for alleged fraud rent year in the case of iron and machinery fluous ;grouped.mind renders itsYeas S7, aays 39.MiujNoios then proposed ta strike out the en-cepteddenunciations of Mr. Sijmnsb's famousour imperfect To " by acting Mayor, ^;yet concerning the terms on which the duction* of France are in return to be admittedbludgeon gutta-percha with shallbe which the champion of South Carolina fell the City with such an exhibition of their en- that nothingto-morrow,us todom embodied In it.the spirit and vris-the curse alike of^VAI>bV0STn, after the first kick, tiegged Uas to dasist,;fairly pre-uponMassachu-vne can find an otgectlonable phrase in It.sume that they have beenby the same principles as those which were ac-Oxford Democral (Me.)givesl°ii'"^°S,'^^X^regulatedandfixedwill result from theexpected on similar occasions. We under- is capable of thinking on the subject, thanks Its pub- boards from the celling of the -^chool^honse. Waa^undergoinglisher for the and greatreform he has beenpro-printed in his paper to which Tlie of horses and the the most fastidious and pious person can object. Nohistory stepcommonplacemen, that Mulhouse and Lyotis will wonderpreparations, ergot and Its prenaritinai, vatafrta i:te Indlea andItssalts, Canaabul pi^aiattoM, ia penalty of(100.The bill to Incorporate thewas New-ToikHomoeopatUeCollege passed.Also the bill authorizing the Supervisors of West-. EmperorCityoflfexicoonthe8th,withaforceof5,000 illustratesthetruthoftiiiaassertion.Thedication.HecanpointtothepastasweU.censusofherpopulationwasnottakenaccord-sicyus by way of New-Orleans. Uirauon left the gether.betweei^mtOt and was i^orted to have proceeded as far as tha National Bridge, on his way to attack Vera Cms. That city had been declared in a state ofing to the piovisions of the English bill. But whose fault was that ? Congress made no ap-from the tariff of France. In 1857 he quently the provision itself became a nullity,IOrerland Hail brings advices from Califor- fhem than even those sacred ties of blood, re-tirelysuspendedships of foreign build. Yet what is the finan- cial end commercial condition of France to-mons vote,peace The case ofobligedThe Senate thea went lata ExeoaUn SesdsB.ASSEMBLY.ALBiar, Wedaesday, Feb. IS.— Hon. B. B. JOHXsoa, from the First Piatiiet, Oelawsre, appeared and took his seat, la tin ptaee aCEnglandand Americaearth and aa something too inhimtan and indecentbusiness connections and necessities of thesetwo countries are stronger guarantees for thecontinuance of amicable relations between abolished the word "In 1862 he began the work which he has carriedso far towards completion to-day. prohibitionIn 1856 he" almost en- propriation for taking the census, and conse-Tei Fbaxking PBrviLioi III THE Senate. The Senate yesterday, by an almost imani-D. O. Shaw, deceased, and on motion of Mr.BAH hU name was added to the < JudlcUiyTheProRatabillwastakenopasthetpteuXaria.ligionare so fond of invoking aSler public dinners,when the wine is in and the wit comes freelyout. Since the war of 1812, car commercial day ? Her Treasury bills at the close of the Territory can be obtained in any other reliableed wlthoat having nominated any delegates, but mated, that war between us seems all but im- them has fallen from 4took the floor and saidperFaitT ammig them the newly-elected Senator, possible, and, should it ever arise, would prove direct and indirect taxes have yielded a steady;:morning,Iin the (&er branch of the DemocraticKr. T.ATiim—were exhibiting evident leanings almost equally disastrous to both of thetowaiila Hr. Douglas, and it was not at all im- infatuated belligerents. The conviction of more than $50,000,000. The commerce,rightspeople.in hi* interest. Property to the amount of $20,000 the public mind on each side of the Atlantic^, riod by about 80 per cent The moneyhad been destroyed by a fire in San Francisco. and hence the nervous anxiety shown by the circulation has been more thanbe nsed by the opponents of this Pre Rata they will naturally be more anxious to enjoy measure to Inflnence the action of memben the facilities of communication which the upon this floor tn regard to it. I have learned thst a letter was exhibited In WaU-street, writtm by a member on this fioor, saying that If this measore Is to be defeated, $100,000 must be sent to defeat it with. of reelection. It is to be hoped, however, The member who wrote that letter Is wifiUn somnl of and earth to have it admitted under the Le- that they will be willing to give the my voice, and knows whether the charge is true orAll tkat remained of the steamship Northerner had augmented bybeen sold for (900. From Oregon the dates are to Governments and citizens of our respective $300,000,000, as shown in the difference be-sistency or fairness of Democratic. Senators,that they should avail themselves of this tech-nical plea to defeat the united action and uni-versal sentiment of the people of Kansas, sent, when, two years since, they moved heaventhe 12th ult. It was rumored that the Anti-Le-ccHnptonitea and Bepublicans were attempting to accotnpli^ a coalition in order to send Col. B. D.Empires to settle San Juan disputes and naval outrages, even faster than a busy Press orprivilege affords with those whom they repre-Bakzk to the United States Senate next Sprmg, hair-brained officers can create them. It Is of France has reached the enormous sum ofand the &ct that tWs gentlpraan was aboiiL to ro» hilt JJair^ tikoioforc, u. Uu> jsinpcTor 01 the$110,000,000. With such "huguries from thealse. Sir, I speak what I do know when I say that money Is to be used by the opponents of this bill to defeat it In the House.Mr.Robsstson,inreplytoaninslnaationofthemove from San Francisco, seemed to connrm theFrench to assume that his new economicalwhosesystemof universal of a fair payment postagetheingt«a Territory the news has but little uiterest. policy originated much his desire of commercial policy to plead for itself with bisWash-Col. Hawtet'8 action in the disputed boundary binding France and England to each other by ownapplicationgreat Italian war amount to less than one-third of their amount in 1858, while the interest on to2| centThementappeared h'kely :toprevail,when theSpeakerincrease, amounting in -the last six years toto influences which would beoperate against the proposed reform. Elected that Its accuracy is undoubted. I repeat it, Sir,tween the and of theimports exports preciousthatthey maythus increase the chancesmetals;and the metallic reserve of the Bankpast,Emperor mayWe are satisfied that aflei a session'sof their frequent recurrence.permitted toholdtbemsomethingthoughment of the claim of the Croatootfnaortelngaii adjust-well leave his newcompton Constitution,of mischief see commerce in coal and ironBut it is an old saying, to which Carlyle hasbag-which they are received. The country will beto-day'is predicted. The States were then called to the staple productions and manufactures of only given a new shape, that " all strange unhappy controversy about the organization the gainer by the change, by the enlarged mail After further debate, Mr. Maaam moved to reportgiven of a large nnmber of important measures. The Connecticut Democratic State Convention assembled at Hartford yesterday, and appointedthingsrely upon itand wetwelve delegates to the Charlestoneleven of whom are in favor of Ur. Douglas. TheState, NkTHASOU, B. STSTiMg; Treasurer, T. H. moment the Emperor had exchangedKnoBBUJtT; and for Comptroller, Hokaci views with the British Ambassador, and Tatlob.what mit ofAristotle, after all!"the made the charges byState ticket in nomination was as follows putAristotle,the Greek Philosopher'sreally "without this new source of irritation. The North, in its entirety, will be fully persuad- ed that whatever specious pretexts may be ad- duced for the course of the Southern Democ- racy in Congress, its real hostility to the entrance of Kansas into the Union is, that it presents itself as a Free, and not as a SlaveMr. SiAXLis moved to lay the resolatioa on the table.Motion lostThe Speaker ofiiersd hi explanalioa that ha had not made a direct charge, but only stated what he had heard. HerepudiatedanyIntentiontoInfluencethe action of the House.Mr. RoBiaiaos had understood the c|)arge distinctly. Ityrtsonethatshouldnotharebeenmade. TheUH should be suffered to stand upon Its merits, aad thoseForGovernor,Hon.Tbos.H.Sxtvous; Lieuten-perpetualforgetfnlnessI have him not such a fool,enoughIn the State Senate a yesterday, petitionof agreed with him as to the terras of theManufactnring Martyrs.BiCHAU) H. Hox and several hundred other citi-Mr. HicKMA.N from business " as a"retired hero, some of the partisanzens of New-York,ing with slaves as attendants, may be permitted to remain in the State for nine wasaskingthat Southerners travel-Convention,Mr.Adbisok's pert Templar came to ad-appointed Speaker.toInvestigateof all those restrictive enactments which have inflicted so many positive injuries on the in-dustry of each, in return for very questionable advantages, and have educated their inhab-newhave another element of agitation infuseditants to aant-Governor, Javis E. Ekglish; Secretary of great stake in the preservation of peace. The read:of theirownat first ;" and wethat in the course of years Eng- land will learn to say of the Third Napolionarealarmingmayfacjjities which the saving of the transporta- tion of the great bulk of the matter which is now carried in the mails will afford, and pos- sibly, at no very remote period, in a further reduction of postage.LiTTLX Ella in a Philaoelfria CotrsT.— Mrs. BcsNS, who Is now giving readings with Little Ella In Philadelphia, was on Monday served with a writ of habeas corpus, based upon facts set forth in the petition ''of Mrs. B. F. Ellii and others, requiring the Immediate production of Little Ella In Court, there to show cause why she should not be returned to her natural guardian. The friends of Mrs. Brasscontemplated treaty, he urged that functionaryto proceed immediately to London, and submitthese terms to the consideration of his own Republican journals are desperately trying to State and we venture the confidentafter he hadacquaintance and I find:having practicallypredic-ed. Favorable reports were made on the bill in Government. Lord Cowlet did as he had been set him up again as a martyr. We do not tion, that if this question is made an issue in gave the required security, and the further hearing of alone.months, present-;relation to jimction gates at the Croton Reservoir, and the on that incorporating the Dime Savings Bank, on requested ;New-York,think the operation likely to successful. proveThe facts in the case of Mr. Edmodso.n's recent assault upon the member from Pennsylvania, while they are sufiiciently discreditable to the hot-headed Virginian offender, are very far from justifying the parallels which have been drawn between hia conduct and that of Mr.the case was postponed until Friday, to-morrow After a very warm debate on raistng a CaaBlttsa the coming campaign, in spite of all the These proceedings seem to be a repetition of tiiose of Investigation, Mr. Calucott moved a preaoible toForeign Secretary and and Premier having approved of the instrument, the sale of the Erie Bailroad. Notice was their representAtive repaired once more toefforts of the conservative' men oC both sec-" irre- Gunpowder Enthcblasm.—We appreciate thehad in this City some months ago, when, as all will remember, the claims of Mrs. Brass to the custody of the child were considered stronger than those of the father of Little Em.Thi LsnoxB IN THB Peovinces.—The Editor ofthe Troy Dailg Tatet speaks of our neighbor of the New- York Ledger as follows :those relative to District Courts inthe resolution, setting fwth, as flie resKto far the reao-made the This waa lution, the charges by Speaker.and others, and lost.The resolutions were then adopted, and the Hoosaadjourned till 7 P. M.irxNuro sissiON.A conununlcatlon was received from Got. Mobsa>given of a bill to regulate the sale of poisons. The Senate subsequently went into ItxCcntiTe Session, when the nominations of Mr. Va» YALKKBBtiBQ as Harbor-Master, and of Mr. LomnuXT as Port Warden, were confirmed. In the MsemWy, the Pro Rata biU was under discus-bring8iaa,||BopponentsendeaToring vainlyto have theEngland.As the treaty haa not yet been pablished, in the Sumner outrage." Mr. Hickman, notcourageNo need of saying anything about the Ledger.Ev-a letter from the Goremor of OMo, and thaproTMOM extended to the Canals—an amendment"at all in debate on the floor ofEv- newspapers, origi-inclosingresolutions of the Legislature of that State in re- fponse to the iuTitation lo visit Albany.that waa dtfeatei a of 1. In theerybody knows all about it. Everybodyreads It.Paris, and, on the 23d ult., signed on theand;opposed bythepart of his sovereign a treaty, which, if fairly car- ried out, will prove in the future a source of in- numerable blessings both to France and toantagonismSpeakerof SouthBrooks, Carolina,with which Cassius M. sentiments, vindicated freedom of speech In his own State, and, on this point, we have ac- we can un-Pennikgton to the Speakership. In this speech is received in this City by his friendsand tidmir-taking ground against triumphs. Taking the Ledger when, as the organ of rould not ke applied to canals;plsa that nojprs complatat 0{bers of the House from it Virginia,in the Park, especially when firing of guns, ex- reward of sensatfon and of splurge. No.paper desti- riongadalso that canalMsesdsros.dlsciliniaateaaads wi(U asaraadila- companies. Rosnisoi Jaaubscept on the Fourth of July, is in direct violation tute of superior merit could hare attained it. The able arguneats against the principle of tta UU aa oa- of a ordinance The propriety of this ordi- Napoleon of publishers has struck all the reins of lit- sound, impracticable, and calculated to destroy tketheIhe and alio of aad bill, in favor of the reimpotltionexcitement.Capitol grounds, he gave vent^to his feel-personcrowded city, if theae noisy demonatrations There Is nothingthroughall Mr.slashingoffendingPennsylvanianacrossas little like the of any great man, or would-be great man,the unarmed Senator fromsetts, as Mr. Hickman's reckless post-prandial provocations were like the solemn and meas- uredoration.thusiasm. collisionNotwithstandinggreat instrument, we know enough lo into that morbid habit of exaggeration which is the general prohibition except singleacquaint-•""•^^'^Sf ?riil wilVl*^'^ Bank, was partiaUy- ance, however, with the details of this aimed at representativeeafaaOatr^s.»PP">»S?®iri**"''«TML?!Z?»»' We 'NowIhavegotyou,'andkickedhimsevanitlnmsprimand for violating the proprieties of thedispensethe Banks at St. Joseph, wtthdhreetlons to demandChllllcottieAt the meeting of the Board of Education last ers. For centuries France and England have t^, from tlie original declamation of Mr. Hici- and we certainly are influenced by no feeli—ng Bank was $29,000. Yesterday the Cashier of the of thea resolatlon was adopted State Savings, Mr. Roassnui, heard from these mes- produoed by the Iniuries laauit^^, The verdic^t •rening, appointinga —moreMAHtohiseventual in ofdisrespecttothedistinguishedKentuckian waaInaccordaaea ofg^ Oommittee offive to look afUr special lej^tation on been impassioned rivals on land and sea chastisement the Capitol sengers by telegraph from ClUllleothe. In their dis- jury with the report aaltbs aabjaet of Public Education in this City. The than half theof their nationBl exia-. groimds was begim, continued and ended outside indeed, we have uniformly expressed our dl»- patch they isfbrm him tl»t they could not get a dollar morttm. The vordlet was aot sMMttctorr,astf, a"aJs-rC^amittae»lengSiy examlaatlOB,coBBltled fortrial."ware inatmcted to exert their energies £;..of a custom which we hold to besreeie.tbat-ttiecitizoupievmladi ,periodtence having been spent in woateM wan, ofthe halls of Congress, and asMr. Edmunosoh's approbationmlaw was in the ascendantandthatmob LoawasarrettedoatheehMXgaofamrder,Untitled Documentto an Insult in pmiishaJKnoit in WowB, we eaa reaUy aee no'ooeaaio&ycircao-words withwa Imig'M har^whichhadreachedusfrom were manthinenaturesrecoilfrom Washingtonconfirmedbytheinterpositionof a resolutionment of women, in thethe capital poniah- following majesticAs- sembly and all the local RepobUeaa offiae-tetoan taquiredshould an act for the admission of Kansas pass both Houses of Congress, it will receive the vetoofthePresident.Also to strike out the ten per oaat elsoae la the lawand it* existenceanylongeruponthestatutebook,butcon- We can see one motive for the course of ducive of evil. Let ft l>e allowed then to take Its Democratic Senators on this question, that coarse, and let crime be lessened bv the terrors it ex-the travsUngwithall the it will compel Mr. Docolas more clear-to definehispolitical position.TheseNew.Yort^^^ SUUAgriculturalCollege.Illinois, repentingderelictions, comes back to the basvlolatedbefally vindicated,and that bis sub- mission shall be as unconditional as hia revoltreportvvas made onthe bni forOe forecla-works meet for repentance;munity.Webythepeople,andwasodioustothegreatma- experienceof the of documents and of cor-admission of new States haa been to disregard all technicalities, and to look only to the facts that the Constitution was in accordance with that ofthe United States, and that it expresseddared he withhold the full facts and indulge only lathe will of the peopleandinsomecasestheystay thewas the duty of the SpeaJEer to show the facta before he attempted to influence the House by such an im- putation. Hescornedit Yetnotforhimself,forhe defied any man, even to lasmuate improper motlres against him, but on the part of every member of the House. He,too,hadheardofthe(^lattmLeague— of a combination of foreigners who had raised and ac-and settlement of this ill-fated Territory willinto the coming Presidential contest, wliich made promises to be sectional and embitteredprogress, with the view of asking a Committee of ia-restigation.The motion prevailed, and when the Committeerose, Mr. Jaqcis moved that a Committee of five bebe revived inforce,shalltions, it willunited South into direct pressible conflict."manliness andClat, of Kentucky, haa upheld hisandan united North and anas the of th»ir representativeers. It was comparautvely unknown and uncared for,Virginia with cowardice, and to caricature the ovation, bothevents of the raid at Harper's Ferry in a way cherished principlessingularly offensive both to good taete and worth. We are not aware, however, what accomplished and popular writers In the country, he favor of tUt'propostlon, holding that it was no sooadclaim he has, either on the score of oflicial po- has placed it at the head |of ail literary weeklies In argument against extending the provlsloas of the bUIsalute yesterday are only what mightstand that permission to this effect wasgoodnight aftir school, tore up a seat and npped off wmobeusuallyto put some restraint upon their jubilant feel- ings until they are fairly " out of the woods."txeitiiig Daf nu ttt tn UUlU^spare Mrs. Habtuko's execution, andBaa,Bassranaa4rtsai^clplcd, will be as nonght it will be ;useless,grant the consolation consistent with her paslttonAlsoonthebilltnrelatkmtojmstiuiratesat&•"has been aggravated and daring. We have in proposing to smooth Mrs. Hartcng's path water used Smg Sing Prison.Water Bosra &radd to their patriotism.punishment, why not go hack tois notto the future tfone for his vin- hood of States at the present time, is, that thejusticereputationtributionform. It is generally conceded tliat Kansas has the requisite population, and that statisti-Uk rule to Canal forwarders ss wdl as to RaOioadCompanies. So far as the debate went the amend-for or statesmanshipofthe barbarism of our benighted Saxon ances-cal evidence ofthe fact cfn be furnishedthe opposition to its becoming a State is basedon a mere quibble, which is unworthy of being thanandmade the basis of legislrtlon affecting the8nfrom four or tvaformation, it was well known, was not participated in generallyhelpless, hideous shape —to be ever intriBsicaily right ?of relief from theany weight at all.The law, the crimegentlemen have the evident intention, CMfar<upracticable/orA«r,herpathonwardMtothegoal Mr.RoicBIntroducedabill forthereleaseoftteIf we are to show any con-Mr.lege. Various amendments were offered, but the determination of Senators was evident, either to have total abolition or nothing. The fate ofthe bill in the House is regarded atWaahing- ton as doubtful. The members ofthe House stand in a more intimate relation to their constituentsdo the Senators, and they are moreopenthe directly by people,toand for a shorter term,the bill introducedpassedQwiM,entirely abolishing the franking privi-knowledge respondence vrith everybody who thinks he in his possession, to continue this detnte, until he state of anarchy, and its population was much of had moved for a Committee of Investigation, If his less than it is now. The uniform rule in the has something interest to communicate Information was so reliable as he had asserted, howto thetice the only correct principle of requiringdrudgery'iimocent, the ter-BiOBiKs M. HoaFand sereral;;Croton Reservoir Inlikely"Thenal In character, striking in conccpUon, it has at- tlon eliciting most debate was the amenameat mak-erybody likes It,tained such succeM as the boldness and genius of thepropoal-geod means of accompUslilng.ihe him not to destroy the bouse, and ontold his adopted fs.herof themjurytothebidMlB*, The father warned RiEion to dlscoattaus soeh psa&.lo. Mr.The oppositlou ofIhebill,Mr.MiLus,theSpeaker,andMr.Flaolss,thehas linked his name with the ver>- idea of newspapercalling one after another to his assistance, the most Messrs, RosisBoa, Wniyrmw aad JAQoas ta spokebest contributions. Andquences which would be likely to ensue in a a current of the most excellent sentiment runs. acting clause In order to speak at length In ftror ofof indecency, not an improper Idea, finds Its wayIntothosecolumns. Mr,BoimamakesItarulepavings Association of this citywith its wholesome provisions. We Cbllllcothe Branch of the State Bank and on one of week from the day he was lajored. A Coroner's In-who last week voted against his vgtaA eoafamatifl^New-Stales, and asking that SouthernersA hkesure and sale of the Iiew-York and ErieAwarmdebate ensuedonthe queatiaii of aDolvtjjI have learned thissources, that this House Is to Iw infiuenced oa this question by a disbursement of money to the membeia. I have received the informatioB from such a sonrea'scheme. Buthe scornedto make any use of theknow'edge for an unworthy purpose on that floor.hondral cttbaas ofIt on the that rate Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 