 imp»TM""f»w-. A,}-' ' ^'"\—^^!gi^••^^^mm' "^^p^r m, ' ' Wir ^m*' *—J^as^w^ "T^^^SPiiniWiP^P^nisv^SQSii.—NO. 2843.MPOBTAI^T FROM MEXICO. order of|iett)-l0fk NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 18«).i^RlCE TWO CENTS.BagUsh inllnence be predominantCtmU Iik«ral rict«7 at <2udal4an. MoLAn, who, by betog the first to recognise the Con-gress,"BTTFFBRINO OF THB PBOPLE.Mr"rMArraxw is equally Uberal with Mr. McLasx but inltead of being second to him, he would like toabove-board Union man, set against the unconstitu-Cm !A.Coaumo,for b«mthfc CongressmanOct.IS,18«0. most important «*«at«bieiihas oeeomd tnthiji tbis city has beenOF MiZHO, Hoodar. my letter of Mth ult, tjwof the Soothemaswhich has al-tune within the histonr of the coantry —under no cfrcuinstances since our fathers fought inSixth District, The ball was crowded. Mr. Rosm! H.HoCinBT^WB selection, exceptthe Spanish Ambassador, themajestyauthority of tJtfiea and fell back upon his defences within the City.Tbe attack on the Cify should then have commenced nCDLABS or THK SIEOE.forbearance.are coalesced in the sentimentv. against Disunion, and unil,on the 6th proximo, beat standard-bearer upon this occasion. He is the nomi- of his pruiciples, and to Mr. CocaxAirx on account ofdown the Disunion Party in Kentucky, Missouri, Ten- nee of both sections of the Democratic Party, and the Ills prtnclples, his political antecedente, and his per-nessee, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, North Carolina, nominee of all the Union and patriotic men in the sonal characterisucs. Be gare a sketoh of mr.jBDMdiately, but as usual, the Liberal Generals mustFrom the New-Orleans Picayune, Oct. 14.By the arrival this morning of the United States REPUBLICAN DEMONSTRATION AT LYONS. and Louisiana. Mr. Morzhxad assures us that all District He stands the embodiment and concentra- CocHaASX's career, as an Abtultlonlst at first, a Free-qieedy oo^ipatlon tkm Is inevitable.of the place by assault or capitula- Our files abound In most touching letters from the that the fotmders of the Government aimedeventog, to tion of Hudson, Varick and Franklinfor that candidate. from the to go up next 'Tuesday to the polls, and sayit is keystone of the Democratic arch. [Applause.] Infor a surrender to avoid the effusion•pen negotiations•f blood, which, as has always been the case, proved as late as due, from all parts of the Republic aasu&essful. The Church Generals are deaf to such the City of Mexico to the 17th. The Sociedad, the offi-•weals. ^ of the besieged, at Guadalajara, were re- These negotiations consumed the time until the provisionBthese States will go for Bxu., excepting, perhaps, tion of the only power that can possibly defeat the EoUer afterwards, and lastly as a three-&ceo FuskoirS8th ult., when the siege of the town was formallycommenced and fire opened upoii it. And the passengers by the diligence, which left theSisee then our latest dates are up to tbe 9th inst The capital on the same day, state that just before theiriligo has been proaecnted.with success and vigor by departure the news arrived that tbe City of Guadala-Gen. Cvunuo has resigned the command to Gen. people was very great. We learn, indeed, from a let- Wou, and it is believed the latter is favorable to a ca- ter of Gen. OxTZOA himself, that on the 1st Inst, theIam toe ofmanman,tbenow the Party stood Repuhlicanto eoncentnte upon this Capital, which now that the appear that the number was small. In all probabilityofRAnon, New-Tork,who arrived in square was mualnated. Early in tbe even- have accomplished a union, combined the elements, ih tne sky, saw onebrilliantlywhen toe Prince wantedgarrison plaee,the Eastern train, spoke one hour on tlie issues of the ing canvass.beganbyWhether youTammany,He toldis being withdrawn from Puebia and that« Mozart or BslTas it is openly said, is to be abandoned to thepersonsk„-, ii«io th« Ponnnrivanin Tw>nip wer. MatttmnACoDstitntionali^, will be the only point remaining toThe inue issimplybetween BlackRepublicanandthe Church within the Republic. The fall of Gua- hour discomforts and anxieties wtiich must have beenThe Wide-Awakes are having a very imposing pro- ing at the main stand fronting on Hudson-sfreet hav- Anti-Black Republican. Whoever votes for the Re- of a good old Dutctiman in Philadelphia—a mann-is considered so certain that there are already worse than death itself.cession to-night. The town is illuminated, and thecandidate indorses the odious doctrines and —been a series of resolutions were poudbilouiscan of that —the basis of the factorer of fine-tooto combs who, being told by adalajararumors that MixAnoi* intends to abandon tills placeand seek safety In iUght. On the 11th, a force of about3,M0 men, under Mahquis and Muia left this city for to the horrors of the scene. In the meantime, the lineof the besiegers advanced night and day, anil the Gen- eral writes on the 1st with the most perfect confidenceduly organized,adopted—among which was the following, proclaimingthe irrepressible conflictResolved, That the Black Republicans now standthe interior, taking the road to Queretaro, midway towhich place they were, at our last accounts, encamp- ed.AllthemoneythattheGovenunentwithitsut- earlyday.forth as the open enemies of the South;pro-Biost exertion, could raise was the sum of $30,000 from BiKiiiJiiJ.0, by the sale to him, for that amount, of<3OO,0OOoftheClergy'spaper.Of the capitolation we have no particulars, nor of votes. Wayne County will give three thousand ma- Union, and, if successful, our now happy and pros-the States have chosen union electoral tickets, con- claimed that it was toe Democratic Party toat de-e beensctualedhy a deafre to bring about some newWm$,his herole aefeat of that most Infamous frand, which country been called upon to determine upon issues of^'RESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN- Gov.BMaoin), like Biu. and CtamBtn, declared was the importance of those that are now presented to the tlon of the slave oligarchy wereTet forth mh»ST"to" execrable, and ought to have been kicked out of C<m- couaUy. For the first time in the history threatened designs broeoankfuropl tobfe Union, if iTtiand which even Gov. In his Norfolk of the cotmtry the permanency of our Union, lowed to continue thefr the Government Wisi, and the continuance of our and were attended to." After paying a handsome comoU- speech of the 2Tth ult, pronounced "so infamous a the consolidation of the peopleGouvnedrenrmenotn,e em- ment to L. C. Caxtu, tbefr representative in Con-tiethings, arrangement,he would be the leader, and thusfrom tlie etfitil, and bare no fur- junction with two Commissioners, to be appointed by Hon.be, she will fight for her righte, but only It IE in our National Legislature that this Republican Congressmen to Washington, tounder the Stars. and Stripes. "United we stand, great question must come up. Because—though just sapport divided we faU," is her motto. Wasbiiistoh'b Fare- Heaven forbid that such a should beniil us— the AdminlstraUon of Mr. LmcoiK. He alluded tothewUk hi« LegationttCTiatereounewltbMona hac been forced upon the Engliih GoremmentA. R. BoTzux, of Virginia, brings intelligenceN«w-York to-night that Newthe Churcb authorities. This the existing Governments respectively. It is true this fromIs safe for against Lnooui Incalamitywell Addrea* aad JACzson's Proclamation ara Ken- should LiHcoui be elected, by holding on to the ma- Idle dantor about disunion, and predicted that aswitkdrairal of the English Legation from the capital the he as Minister of the United poisition occupiesdoes not attract the attentl<Hi, or produce the effect it 'States, and second, to arrange for the protection of theacy, herpropertyvalue of her slave prop- upon the Union's preservation. No section, as such, without a violation of the Constitotion. He has notCAoplause.) At the nominatton of Mr.Mr. Msmair and the other members of the Lega- tioD will leave here on the list tnst. for Jalapa, the eatire diligence of that day having been taken byif we should be so unfortimate as to have,,one, dent—Cvadal^ara.The forces of Gen. OansA encountered those ofing, that triumph must be assured.—Ism sustains and Black Republicanism." has been a resident'of District from thein which, having been the cause ofsUtuUonal authority, acquired a position which placeswhen she now comes in amWaUows suit atEngland,this late day, in a subordinate position.device tkat Slaeery was made to stink in the jiostrils of lUpeopleofKansas." HonestJomiC.CAiBOtmhlm-pfre, are to be determined by the suffrages of the peo- gress, he closed with an eloquent tribute to Hr. las-^Britiah Minister getupanewLiberalGovernment,inwhich,hebeing ttie first, Mr. MoLahi would be the second. This,Financial Crisis.Virginia to l>e Made the New- England eUclion of anj) man /or the Presidency. It was made issue as to whether one-naif of the Federal UnionWttbdrawal >offrom the Capitali Ilip of Tetm i« the City (^ lexieo. TUAMBSIOHMmunBATTISACBUZ.with the desire to protect the pecuniary transacttons re- ferred to, wlilch can only be done by a compromise, lia« been the real reason why Bngland has not tong ago followed the policy of the United States, and recog- nized the Constitutional Govenunent. Latterly, Mr. Marsiv has been reviving his attempts at a piuifica- tion by compromise, and I am sorry to say there ap- pears to be evidence that Gen. DseoiiADO has, to a Certain extent, given liis sanction thereto thebasisthattheCdnstltutionofltS7shouldbtset aside tor a new one, to be framed by a Congress to be called in pursuance of the existing electoralOur flowraiaent is not tofall to pieces upon the mere presenting again pacqple theConstitotionforratlfiutionorcondemnation. Anplan was to provide for the nattonaliiatlon ot theJerseyFnston, and that the chances are kyaerepeatedandeonatantactaofoatragebyIf»-buttheanimusononeside—thatoftheForeignMin-New-York.Proclamation. Theywillbeherplatformforalltime.Shecanhavenoofthecountry,wemaybeabletochecktheblighting rightlyimderstood,thefrSouthernbrethrenwouldpart or lotnewvietrh NorthernfroromSohuetrheNronrtsheecrtnionoarlihsem.r effects of his election. [Applisausdei.v]ideTdheInGtovernment rally to lU support For the City of New-York be She can separate of this country, my friends, tluee de-Southern sisters ; never consent to the secession of any partments—4he legislative, which makes the laws wanted to say a word. She had been too long ruled;jumtandaDtheChurchofficials,ofwhichMr.Uu- isters—was entirely different from that on the part ofa>w has had to complain. As none of the foreign Gen. DxeoLLADO. His desire in favoring anything ofhare recosnixed MuuaoK cince his this kind was simply to stay the further effusion ofA letter from Hon. A. H.if the Union endures thesurvive. Is published In the States this evening.j^jtomatic corpslaat &i«e of a so-called electloa by a council of hisSmphihb, declaring thatprinciples of Docolas will State bordering the Ohio or the ttississimi. Kentocky the judicial, which expotmds the laws, and the execu- by demagogues, and she owed it to herself, to the na-Cbnreii property as well as dvil and religtoos liberty,tucky'sAddress andKentucky'sjorityinCongress, by retailingthelegislative powersoon as theobjectsof tlteRepublican Party wereernment. erty.Chafr, Vice-Presidents and Secretaries were chosen.and theIt is almost needless to say that this whole scheme has been indignantly rejected by the majority of thesecession movement. ^^^^Th« Conditlan and Foeldan Special Dispatch to the New-York Times.<J.Gov. MouHiAnsays that, thoughtherefore, by electing majority patriotic men,It has, however, caused much conversation 4iere, and the support. It Is said, that Gen. Dioouado liasRiCBXcnn, Va., Tuesday, Oct. 30.I have carefully inquired into the contlition of things here, and find the common reports of the feel-which I do not believe—it is incumbent upon us to doto it has done him great injury. Nothing but the pure and simple triumph of the principle of rightto save theparty;;andIn general, and F. A. Cosxuro in particular, shouldgivenAdminlsfratlon;that the Republican candidatesBy the English steamer, or by the Termesaee, I ;LiifcoLR's electionforaunitedNorthunderLihcolh him. From cannot utter a word of eulogy upon earlyNov. 6 that it knew how to appreciate and reward histo attack Oeoson, before the junction with Obuga an outbreak any day in tliis capital in favor of the trouble. Gov. WisB to the confrary notwithstanding.years. Though young^an,he lias age ,beenamongcould be effected, at £1 Puente, near Guadalajara, at Liberals would not surprise me,tbemomentofhisarrival,onthe23d,andasmartaction took place, in which Cssnuo lost some 800 —***Things are decidedly Improving, and the belief in anHe stands before you', and I utter no word inNEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS. CAFTTRIorGUADALAJARA HEABT-RENDIMGFAR-impendingcatastropheis modifiedhere seriouslysteamer Tennetaeey we have files of Mexican papers,Missouri for DocoLAS. He entertains the hope that BlackSpeccbea af Gar. Seward and Otker -Great Yanceyism will be overcome even In Mississippi and ceptible of mathematical demonstration that if Wood regard to the Lecompton frauds, the Fort SneIUb»cial organ of Mikahou, of that date, states that theFopolar EnthBalasm.Special Dispatch to the Ifaw-Tork Times. LmiB, N. Y., Tuesday, Oct. 30.Alabama. •swindle, and the public stores' contract, and twittai "duced very low, and IntimateE that the city would soondate or the Black Republican candidate. Every vote regular candidate of TammanjsHall if it was the devUhave to capitulate.claiming to be the Democratic candidate, is a vote date now. Hr. Dara concluded amid loud tp^iMote. GRESSIONA L RATIFICATION, cast for WiLUAHSOir, the Black Republican can- "The Rocky Mountain Glee Club sang a song, withdidate. I feel it my duty, as a member of an encore, exceedingly well.was taken on the 11th. It is added that the news heretka Liberals, and the Churchrforces are reduced to the jara to-day.thisyou against BEMABES OF XS. KELLT.the Democ-oTBenjaminWoodIndorsed—Speeebeaof asideallmerepartyandpartisanproclivities,and wasreceivedwithprolongedcheers. Hethanked Hayor Wood, Henry Arcniarlnsi Dfr. come up manfully and patriotically to this great work, them for the compliment paid his native State by thefrthepoorpeopleknewnotwhattodo,anathere,for the space of at least twenty days, they remained hud- dled tl^ether In the centre of the town, farthest re- moved from the shots of the beseigers, suffering eachaadconcenfratedyour forces up*o^n one candidate.whuecnuIn the same letter. Gen. Obtiqa gives an equally sad account of the demoralization and necessities of the soldiery in the town, which must have added tenfoldingprinciples partyBeU and Everett Assesstog Committee toat he mastthat thewould betoat anwhich are the bulwark of thethissection,andwillgiveRepubflcansthousandsof honor,andindependenceoftheStatesinourglorious nohalfway.New-York,New-Jerseyandalmostall chargethattheRepublicanwa.stoenegroparty,andcitycompelledcapitulatetional barriersdignity,ternative. Youmusttakeoneortheother. Thereisthe disposition of the people, nor of the killed orwounded. The latter must in any case have beenwill be hurried into all the horrors of an uimatural and fratricidal war.served toe appellation.Anlbiw G. CuiTiN, Governor elect of Pennsylva-washere andwasreceivedwitowild nia, tofroduced,enthusiasm.Mr. KxixT stoted that Mr. CuariN had been speak-large.The news bv this arrival also confirms that beforeMr. HixET AxcELAXiCB was then introduced, ^oke as follows :SPEECH or HENRY ARCULARIUS.andour differences.I believe that aIn passing, this force Is committlnK the most scan-dalous robberies upon every village and hacienda onits route, and with its poor provision and small ment in depriving Gen. DxooLLAno of the command of Got. ntorehead's Reply ta 9Ir* Yancey's l^nis-,reconcilingand glorious victory awaits us.greatamount of artillery it wUl be useless for any otherof Gen. Ostxqa in his The note place.and Crltlciam on 3Ir. Fast History.Lodibvulk,Ky.,Thursday,Oct,V5,1860. Hon. Charles S. Uorxbead, last evening, made here an earnest and effective speech againstmeeting, of BzitJA-purpose,of the Government, malting the announcement,(s veryHiN He was himself an oldtrict will return a llemocratic member to Congresson Tuesday next, in the person of Bshjamiii Wood. tinued his speech. He gave a humorous accountMibamohforamovementupon Wepresume,therefore,itwillsoonfinditsway really designed by hither by the Rio Grande.San Luis Potosi, where there is now scarcely any It is stated, from the capital, that every seat in the Liberal troops, and which, if taken by the reactionary diligence, which was to leave on the 21st for Jalapa, forces, would serve as a temporary refuge in case of had been taken bv the British Legation.the abandonment of this city by MiRAMOH, and, being nearer the coast, he could easier make his escape thence out of the country.Wood, Esq. [Applause.]resident of the Ward, and therefore interested in its [Applause.]of the condition of toe opponents of Ln- coLHinPennsylvania.HewantedNew-Yorkto roll up almost as large a majority for Lincolh as they intended to roll up in Pennsylvania. [Applause.}now shut off by the limited territory it holds, (only thiscity, Puebia and Guadalajara, and by the time you the of the island is still in between sovereignty disputewillingly exact from themIf it could. Theirthe most severe means.!what right, he asked, doc»Butterworto,S. L. M. Barlow. Wilsonjtxjuj.0 giving-eOO of paper, and this is transaction of even this kindWbypaper nobody will now discount,lican Party thus, Irishman's bird,toe tyranny of capital. By toeS??ninents^ize uponthirty thousand dollars cash for $300,- really a forced loan. A will not now be en-J. L.Mount, Charles A. Sec.oSrc,hoonmaker, H. V. NRpipslferya,ndJ.in Meiiso, and the fulltutional Government, is now near at hand. Ofthese contracts with the Church authorities forto anatatai a revolt agamst the legitiicate Government of the country, carmot liar a moment be recognized by the CcBisUtutional Government. Hence iton the stand. having QuietpowerUiumph of the ConsU- course moneyMayor being recognized GovSiSent of Washington, Ihesurrender histo some non-resident speculator. Thepromise Thetional authorities by force of arms. Could tliis be "*S«e»c»r'c•tair:District Anboh byuconseqaently, to acknowledge and respect ihe civU ju- risdiction of Washington Territory, to the discharge ofthe sameitmay have wet clothing—has not yourtheir homes comfortable, by forbidding toe speculatorto come in and rob toem of the fruits of toelr honesttoil. The Homestead bill was framed for this purt-o now strivtog on one Congressional candMMeinMril^concentrateof the City. FollowingDistrict thtfuamCB^'^tBthat theterritory1give justalthoughwito almost frantic zeal to eoaleiee aaApublished of the action of the Constitutional Govern- the army, for the seizure of the late conducta, and tbeand forSpeeeb]destined for the mterior, as it is said, this force is that the money shall be restored to its lawful owners. Correspondence of the New- York Times<Yancey'sDis- fromexpressmg toanks,throughout the Citv that the Third Congressional for him. (Prolonged cheers.) Mr. KiiXT con-than that of robbery.There is a suspicion, however, that instead of being severe in its reprobation of the seizure, and declaresappointmentCapplause,] called to ratify the nominationThe non-arrival of the new French Minister, M. the Sauont, by the Tennessee, gave much disappointmentto the French at Vera Cruz.theSeward of the Sqnth." Hedeeds ofour Let them not Interfere with the fathers.Association made an excellent ^^^^^^^^that Republican Congressmen were chosen. Mr. KxLLzy sat down amid applause. -Anotoer song was sung by toe Prairie Songsters, Chacscst Shaf- FXB, Esq., made a humorous speech, and toe meetingOsnsA has given orders to the diffeient forces nearSelaza and Queretaro, and the Bajio, to unite for an Mexican advices report that the $4,000,000 con- tember, 1868 to Col.to Hr.dwellings, anTdhesforAbolitionistsMrsh.ould be wkaisckeentdiotulte.d REPUBLICAN MEETING AT GREENPOINT.adjourned. ^toeDurtog evening•' "''toe Wide-Awakes of toe Dis-attack upon Mab<hj«, should he push further in their direction.The distress and misery In this Capital is daily in-creasing, and we truly live in a reign of terror. Thearrests and imprisonments augment dally, and themost unheard-of atrocities are committed by the sub- der of the on;him all his life, and could vouch for his ability to re- Speechtoe and toeIrrepresslbe Wide-Awakes," Cityofficials, under the sanction of the Church authorities. It is incredible that In this age of civilization, and al-;They were here not only to ratify the nomi-cupied, and largecongregateding an entertatomentgiven byCitydwtarecentlyseizedbyDiaoiXASO has been restored.at Colum-There was aand enthusiastic meetingnumbersattrict, joined by Brooklyn,[BT TXLlOaAPH.]Nxw-OauAss, Tuesday, Oct. 30.rights of the South, or allow any to interfere with show.them. ThcT would all kick intruders out of thefrThe San Jnan Treablea. cxNBrrBx or gxnkral earnet.over that of Mr.;and upondiciary, probabUity,a majority of the House, will be:fromRepublicanis not elected, Wiluahsoh will be. There is no half-for third man—every vote cast for any man tocainate." Mr. Chaklxx was the candi- any Tammany;ers of all parties were national uid infriotic. But great attention, and elicited frequent applause. Tbe tional and unhallowed "right of secession," and now how Is it? The issue is one of Uie and death to meeting was one of the most successral ever heldthe rebellion or wlthvawal of any State IntahgeaienlsetctionofLdtoolh. upon tchoenpmeaocptle,AonniessfuoerthecontinuanceotfootubreFederal Greenpoint ________SIXTHCONGRBSSIOMAI.DISTRICT.THEism ofthe South, and thefr subserviency to the m,-*MORE SCHEMES OF THB DISDNIONISTS.Plan for Producing a Oeneral Mr. DonoukB Is also to be praised as a plain-spoken, Somvesmtmiecnatnadlforeign relations. Heretofore the lead- Republican ticket The speech was listened to withof the Sooth.PARTY GATNERINfiS IN COUNTRY AND CITY.Special Dispatch to the Hew-Tork Times. WASEtiisioB, Tuesday, Oct 30.Theposed, is to hold back the Cotton ready been drawn on, and refuse to let astronger than that It will stirvive the shock. Mr. shall be separated from the other half. An issoe as to M. beUeves that no State but South Carolina will give whether the party of the Union and of the Constlto- us serious trouble if tlie Republicans succeed, and tlon—ofiaaf Rabert H. M^Cardr, Charlea A. Dwan* Ban. Wm. D. Kelley> and Cba—aeyhis Memphis speech of the 14th of last August; where- The following is the official letter which, by or- in he told Tennesseeans that he held to every word ofPresident, was,Monday,addressed toat Charleston he broke up"Awakes," at Palace Garden, which was a delightfulaffafr. ^^^^__^_First Congreeelonal District—CoaftereaeeNominatian.At a meeting of the Committee of ConferenceGen. HAI5ITHaving given a most careful examination to all thehis life.nation of Mr. Wood, but to ratify the Union electoral:Union, such atrocities, such bloodshed, such suffer- of Oregon, and to the explanation of his conduct was a member ef a Southern League Iing,can be permitted.But the very violence of these sufferings shows thatthe Secretary of War feels it his duty to express his Gov. MoBiBiAn brands Wiluaic L. Yanciytoe last eight weeks,theycannot much longer be endured. The prestigeof a Union candidate inwas composed oftherein submitted Gen. Habbit to this Department, bymon enemy. When our country was assailed by a foreign foe, men of all parties rallied to her defence.as Tom Corwih has said, 39 hours out of 24, that he should detain them with a lengthydisapproval of the orders issued by Gen. Haamxt, im-an out-and-outDisunionist, who,inLouisville,Wasit singular now that all parties tihould be banded speech. The Presidentialelectionmightbe consid-by a copy of Gen. Scott's assurance to Gov. Dooolas of his intention to instruct our commanding officers on the island to allow no person, claiming to be a func-UnionMr. MoBiiiZAS scouts Mr. Yascxt's well-knownwho should seek a refuge for himselfCharles O'Conor, Samuel CrosweU Henry Grlnnell,G. Hunt, Samuel J. Tilden, P^ersame Island whilst it shall remain in dispute betweenslave-pens in the District of Columbia, and will notchialdmroen,g and set mtheemE. B. Baldwto, H.our respective Governments.In to these oppositionwould have noupon irrepressibleGod's'chUdreniubmliied to Congress, and has not Yoo wildllbjeapopbrletvaeJd. It is, therefore, the Uw of the Und.A doctrine which is a miserable;out of Egypt into the blissful realms of his Southernexhausted condition of the people, which forbids the tween them, that British subjects have equal rights Republic. Had he the power, he would to-morrow Jahis Bdcuakah for vetoing "the Homesteadthis New World -sacrifices most, or earliest for it, wins the lead in everthankand find them like the the devil's own bird with the feathers unless at the most ruinous rates, as in the case of Bsa- tionary of Washington Territory to Interfere with any pretexts for dissolution. Because Congress has knocked off, for it was a toad. [Laughter and ap- British subject residing or happeninK to be on the abolished and will not restore the slave traffic and the plause.] They were called upon now to sustain a candidate who really favored the interests of working men. The eyes ofthe Union were them. [Criesget this, probably only the former,) and the utterly the two Governments, and, until definitely settled be-try. He demanded that intoe seeds of toe giant wrong should not be planted, to a glorious service of duty and patriotibsem. ^ ^ al„lcover all the payment of even the pious dues the Church would with American citizens on the island, accompanied tear and sever forever, the entire South from this bill. [Applau.'.epouldrepeal tbe act making the African Slave-trade piracy,tered into willinjly by any of the few houses which substituted Caft. Picun in his place, Isssuirig at the the South should seek her independence out of the flict. ["No, no.") If thev did fall, let it beUnion." Mr.MokibiassaysnotahundredKentuck- "Withbacktothefield, Ard feet to the foe," 4c.S"c"the'tu"iS'irc'li'tofof speculators. The poor man, Laurence Smith, John J. J. B W<»d.instmctions G«i. HabhstremovedHmrr, and•'of Wood."] Theycon-for the2p"t was to^rmstrong,J. Beach, James Ridgevray, J. Ed-Capt.KrFred A. Ward, E.waris, W. D. Wood, Oakley Beach,Jotot Committee.Anetber Congrearional CaaaMa.ON ONE DDfOCKATIO CANDIDATE IN IHE SEVENTH DISTBIOr.TitleplanDlsnnionists, crop,just ex-handcuffed.At all events, Kentucky is for this Union itow andgratifica- single bagbe her. will adhere to our Union at all times large number were present in of tttne^ptby3Ir.Miitaxw,UieEngUthC*«rj«if^Z- MnaaoashouldgivewayforanewPresident,ad shippedtoEngland.Tberesultwill as andKentucktyhroughgoodandevilreportIfneed msennttedtothecoufrniternyds,forabjudicaticonimaencdtedsewttilteh- theunpleasantweather;announcedthe spoiftetlielaw,and that meanwhile both'JuAaxz andbe, they sup- seasons, Now, my inseparably objectMra, of ln»trticaona from hla Qoremnient to retire tfttmiR, to be named by the Foreign Mimstert in con- pose, a drain of specie and a general financial crisis. be, she will fight for the Union ; and, if need this question is the election of members of Congress. meeting, and dwelt upon the importance of sendingMr. H. J.;',^.-1 him to sea a whale, saw- a« whiauluecPrecipitator,"—Mr. Si.ADauTIB in June, 1836— bands of music leading paradingget our national interests who could forget the noble streets of toe District until nearly midnight. The and he urged toe men of New-York to look to itMiASOWS,his speech at Montgomery In Jime, IbSSaie willing to own that U.ey have funds at their com- same time to Capt. Ficdit the foUowlng ordermud. In fact, aU now see that the end of the Church fTiird—Under the organic act of the Congress of the ians would deny the constitutionality and wisdom of Loud cries were now made for Mr. Wood— hi" davs m payingand toe best part of toe first cost and interestMyers,;CnluS^Statestor the ertaWiUunent of the Territorial what Mr. Yahcit calls "the unconstitutional acts the firstthe""pronotmced bim an open and avowed Disunionist for the last ten years. He cites Mr. Yamobt's letter to 'thatthe Democratic Party, and had the Union at his feet,his Slaughter letterwasWide-outside to listen to the address. Mr. Gaow, on being introduced, most in sight as it were of the flag of the American events w^cb have lately occurred in the Department and that he wished to God every man in the South ticket [Applause.] It was an extraordinary combina- was received with enthusiastic cheers. He said, it tion to see—three parties thus uniting against a com- could hardly be expected of him, after speaking fortoe;Psioa,Sep-der date of April 10, 1860, by which Capt. Picxztt wasand reputation of the CJuirch and of its partisans is placed In command at Camp Pickett. A question hav- tries to hide his past history" behind the mask of as brothers against the enemy !—not a foreign enemy ered as settled, and nothing remained but for the peo- havtog— those in our midst who would root out our Con- now sunk to so low a stage that we hope the mere ap- ing arisen between the Governments of the United loyalty to " the Union." He blandly asks Kentuck- but slaves of the wtiite man as wellple to meet, exi'ress their preferences and count the votes. It was not necessary, therefore, that he shouldwhich Committee toe Union Committee of fifteen of and fifteen from toe body of toe District^ each candi- heldattoeMer-States and Great Britain to the sovereignty of the " stitution and makeproach of the Liberal forces will cause an outbreak island of San Juan, and danger being anticipated to ians to allow him to pass from so humble an indi- as of the black ? [Applause.] They were appealed to"to viewtoeselectiontoe First Congressional District,an act toclndiBg l*f^>f"«^»t«°- against Slavery." Moreover, because Congress will been restored, Mayor spoke as followshardimprove- Gov-IPFOBTS TO CO-NCISTEATKblyoflSM passed ???: '^^ Jf'a»c°t"wL»a's dnwnot recognize the doctrine of slave protection, theSPEECH OP MATOB WOOD.Juan Si a wirt of Whatcom County. ^This beeniMnkere and capitalists of the country have so long yi»ousartidsuftiieedsthinatSan Juan, andofthteheOeBrnietriisUh cCoommmaannddienrg protection to slave property as to any other property dampened your energies. [Applause.] After a longThe deprivations and dangersany attemptheld out, and stwggled so hard to eflect some com- to ignore this right of Territory, will be followed by ols- in the Territories. Tliere is no need or use of more experience in the political affafrs of this City, 1that might avoid Ihe triumph of the Constitu- agreeableresuUs out of hispowertocontrol. Federal protective legislationnever The status and desti- have wittessed a more enthusiastic—a more energeticpose. the pio- which the present system exposedSouth must walk outal>straction, which caimot apply to a single foot of ourI do not propose to detain you long. 1 can only say that 1 am glad that the storm—terrified by the threatening aspectir which meet them on every hand, toe Demofiwy are'.Existing Federal lawsFxiww-ciTiiEBs.and firesides of toese men, and makefamilies poor ThoroughlyinafBan.GaJnahaA.which wlU deliver to them the capital. Desertions the friendly relations of the two countries, from the vidual as himself, and not detain them by examining as working men to sustain the Union. He proposed to detain them with arguments in favor of jilac- New-York, fromthecitytotheLiberalforcesinthevicinity,are conditionofaffairsupontheislanditself.Gen.Scott hispasthistorytieforethem."Nowonder,formani- showwhatvreretheprinciplesoftheRepublicanParty. ing-Abx LincolnofIllinois in thePresidential representingtoe respective candidates,orvtrxtbla.party, Questions.Mr. Cbab. a. Daka was the first He reatf speaker.a series of resolutions declaring that it was conceded that Mr. Loicour was elected ; that an effort was in progress to elect Congressmen that would oppose hiswayla my last I advised you of the change of plan of the and legality represented by the Constitotion of the ing in Virginia much exaggerated. The financial con- to-day. His professed willinBnes.s to unite his party brings me to the object for which we are be earnestly supported. [Loud applause.] Mr. Dajia ,Liberal leaders in theby the Government at Vera Cruz.will beinterior, and, doubtless,fore dare not answer the NorfolkMr. Yahoit broke up the Democratic Party in ordercheckmate the effortsin moving the adoption of toe resolutions, dwelt upon portion of the Liberal forces, under Gen. Gohsolii ment great deal of panic-making; but the truth is that self-control and skillful adaptation to his audience, trict for the representation of the District In Con- the abilities of Mr. CotncuHO, upon his public acts in QaxB«A, to join those of Gen. Ooason, in the attack on With a few weeks more of struggle without waver- everything depends on South Carolina In regard to his deadly bitterness against Mr. Dodolab sticks out gress. [Applause.) It is not for me to speak of your the New-York Legislature,andexpressed the hope that In all his speeches. He wants and works for Mr. candidate. My relation to bim closes my mouth. I the City, and this District especially, would show onthe action of this State.Gen. Castu. o, who had sallied out from Guadal^ara hope to have imt>ortant intelligence to communicate Mr. Liifoour, Virginia will the Government no against a united South under BRicxiirBiDoi. Yancev- childhood to middle he has lived Hein June, 1859,[Applause.] candidate, Wood,and to thefr support, as a self-made man. He had known Graw.this order ofpproves of' G"e"n". Soo~t"t, ny of each and every Territory are fixed beyond the determination, than I see manifested by the lionneeris, by isolatingEighto R. B. BxAnrou), tHhuetucc,1te.£umuv 'y-of-War disa 'done, some provision mightthey have seen that the Church caimot triumph, ttiey t.y disastrous consequences. At the ereignty " as a theory,) the upshot is, where the peo- cfrcumsUnces like these that has not fully respondedtoeof husbandry m HaU, and TMnilHpilffim).he made in thearrangc-!'•an;.d of the.n.agreement between the twoGovernmentsthe Government tochangethem.hearted Democracy of the Third Congressionalhand, andtoeimplementsviolation of the orderseuwould have hooted at soloathsome a scheme policy Hitherto !.wehave differed uponthe 6th ofappealed November,anddepositthefr votes fortliethey probahty.will* South Carolina mauoou'B eleetton might be disastrous to the South. StUl, shecanfearnoImmediate dang^. TheFederfclJu-shaltlhbeeoriginal comopracwtheatnhdercontract—whether they successftil, the Statas shaU beJETaxxn oupit to be elected to prevent the possibilityMayor toPresidentLixoout. HisAdministrationwillbe election—atnoThis, my friends,questiontwo-thirds of the and in aU bimian Senate,is vitally and lastingly coimected with Louisiana, and she will, with all her might, uphold and maintain thetive, which executes and administers toe laws. In the election of a President, we simply choose a magis-tion, and to Xjboolh and HAHmt to send [applanse]blood and prevent further suffering by the people.But Mr. Marhiv and the other Foreign Ministershave desired simply, first to supplant Mr. MoLakz in Vfrginla the New-England of the Southern Confeder- rebels and traitors in that or any other State of our out and execute aU the acts of Congress— ably and faithfully. Such an one was FsisxiicK A.but It greatly pecuniary transactions made with the Church Gov-resources, It Is notto increase theexpected that Virginia will join In theUcCcxdt, Tbohas Lrtlx took theThe secessionists announce thefrrepresentetives to Washington who would serve herIf she accepts the election ofgive " age amongyou.A very large Bepublican mass meeting was held DEMOCRATIC CONOver fifteen thousandwas fiilly credited at the capital. Meetingmore most finish the siege. The distress and of the civil war. Guadalajara is the second city of theand concentrate your energies to elect the regular Gaeppe> of nilnneMita, and otbera. nominee now before the people for thefr votes.iltft rich and prosperous, and has tieen defended lAMiy of the poor inhabitants Is extreme, and the suf- Republic,They of Pennsylvania had been indnced thefr heads since "her favorite son" hadbnt ittfon among the reactionary forces. Desertions are Republic, and its capture is believed to open the way history of the country with regard to Slavery, and •onstantand numerous, and fh}m all accounts the dfrect to the capital. defined tbe Issues of the present canvass. He said MiMDistrict the election of Mr. Buja- to accomplish a bad result indirectly as dfrectly. It is covereddeparturethroughout the evening delegations arrivedFirst, Second, Third, Fifth and Eighth Wards, bear- ing manifold torches, transparencies, banners, fire-opposed;Wood," where the Democratic and Whig Parties auke hadenthusiasmGov. SiWASn goes to Seneca Falls to-morrow, andwill speak in New- York on Friday.The disunion panic creates great indignation inmost unscrupulous and dangerous party that ever —$20 or his combs couldgreatestprevails.atthe Sonto^ evils you must come up like men and sustain the al- Kell£t declared that it was the laliorers that had car-jority for LjHcoui.THE CAMPAIGN AT THE SOUTH.perous countrycentrating their efforts to oppose the Black Republi- canParty. InourCongressionalDistrictswearefastpersonscamenf tbe Demaeracy ef Che TUrd result. I feel itinaaaaol* occupation of the Plaza and the Convent of Ban The event, wliich now seems to be fully confirmed, from Wayne and Cayuga counties expressly to take CoB(reaaional District—Tbe Nomination racy to lay aside all prejudices and animosities—lay Hon. Wa. D. Ksut, H. C. elect 6t>m Philade^hia ,Tnndsco,andGen.OanaAwritesthatthreeorfour Isamostimportantone,andmaybetheturning-point partIntheproceedings.Gov. SiwAsn presided at the meeting and deliveredwiui great obstinacy. It has long been, moreover, a short opening address, in which he reviewed theferings of the people are causing great demorallza- the of the Reactionists in that of the stronj^old partHere in Louisvlplrioemhoete'swon't concede a single State 14 a yourto BzLL, and predicts that the whole South wUl go forofpro-favoring met in full force lastfrom the of policyIhavenodoubtwe will receive news of suffering had become so great that the fire upon the the statesmen in the early days of the Republic. Mr.pilnlatioa. city was suspended for the space of three hours, thatfte termination of this a&ir during the present week. women and children might leave the town. How SiwAaa^ address was quit* brief. Ha-was ftiUowad works and other insignia of enthusiasm. With the 8DR, and that is Joan C. Mathix. You have an im- the present day to that of the old dolaid in tbe play,gressional Wood,at the streets. 'Thereactto castavote which is to elect a Black Republican candidate, as it!praise. [Applause,petitorsIt afforded him pleasure toaddrsss thisyour tdm of disease, and toerefore craved to be excused me that it will be my pleasant duty to assure mv friends his which Hr. Kxllt utteredpoliticalfate. Therewasnowacrisisinournation-al affairs—such as he would not imdertake toAfterspeechesfromDr.Bsadfoedonthisstand, Mr. Himiei and others from the other, and generalwas sent, on the 16th of September, 1859, empowered " They should remember that though Republicans talked chair. But toere was another and very un- date namtog five representetives,—a Con-some twenty of the young officers in the military temporary arrangement as would avoid all collision, stitutional Union" of his own concoction, a more is not gold." He told a story of an Indian who said gress was to be elected, on which would 30to of October, 1860, after a full interchange ofof constant and daily occurrence. A few days since make such festly he Is not for the Union as it is, but for a Con-by the Government of the United States, to " in the glowingwords of freedom, • all that glitters fortunatequestionfor them to settlein toe of New-York, on toe Cityschool at Chapultepec, sons of the first families, left until the whole matter had been amicably adjusted by perfect Union," an Utopian Union, WBlch he knowsthe white manwas uncertain." So it was work of his Adminisfra-in a body and proceeded to the Interior to join the the dlBlomatic action of the two nations. In pursu- and avers be can't realise, and which, to all Indica- with this Republican doctrine, it:ance of these powers Gen. Scott reoaired to San he don't want to realize.His record demon-cavalry entire, imprisoned its officers and fled to join seemed advisable, returned, leaving with Gen. strates that he has been and is firing the Southern stead bill still laid in the hands of the House Commit- features of the Homestead bill, and toe advantages elieectutoun "o'} °a "sectional candidate and a supporter ofLiberal forces, and on the 6th, the 8th Regiment of taken Juan, and havingthe wtiich he tions,fiemocratlc thunder. Mr. Gkow'b Home-to a definition of toe That for the purpose of atfciling the Resolved,ArauASO.Ilealiwiiile the Church is evidently at the end of itsHabhzi, for hisletters and ordersNov. S and 9, 1659. The essentialtee to-day,the' HouseJoHH Kbllt, one of the representatives gress to pass such a billto fhe sup^rt",rf eSwakdthoItvoket First Congressional caJidida'cTr Congress^available pecuniary resources. Of real money itforwere, first, "the Southernstepsguidance and instruction,"heart;" instructing the Southern mind for Southern in- dependence and confederation, secession and revolu-stealingcountry.passedof thefollowing dates of these in- tphoeinrtesmoval of thethe efforts of the last Con- the opposition of Democrat- Mr. Grow simply added a clause pro- members and toe final veto of the " Old Public:;tion';"Unity amongstpeople ingoingstructions andthat in former times was constantly being received, is Island'; second, the retention* of one company of ready with the readiest" to shed his last drop in de- which really operated to the disadvantage of the work- were finally obliged to accept The bill was intended irvwe lliank DAVrn who have consented toordersof this City.seems to be entirely exhausted, and the large supply large cart of the United States force on San Juan out of the Union." He bides ills time," and " is viding what kind ot land the poor man could enter Functionary ;" of the half-way measure which they KVi.w'Trrf That in the name of our conunon coun-United Stetes troops, under Capt. Honspecial injunction to Gen. Haritit to remember that now !" Yahcit would be the Moses to lead the South Constitution. [Cheers for "Wood."] Tbelie stahkee coafndeifdfaetcteisng this union to toe First t"chants' Exchange,mighty devolve the sustaining several ballots, toe following resolu-Republican Homestead bill allowed speculators togreat!Who-best land. He [Applause. ]and cries for Wood."]might take all the doctrines of the Repub-or misery for the poor man bring forto toe Tiarvest and faimlv from%esolred, That these proceedings signed byof this Committee, and bethe members jotot F. publEidswheidn.Bxxxanddivorced, and forover after live ia a state of ef trouble anywhere. The 'ultimate rasJUt of Lm- bloodshed and strife.war&re,Bhaflar.The Bepublicans of the Eleventh, Fifteenth andSeventeenth Wards, met last evening at the Cooper Institnte, to ratify the nomination of Hon. Fxxsiaiecyou.Not so, says the Governor. The Bell his behalf or in his—Messrs. Chaklik and Cociuuirx-^and drewand threethe increase of a general temper of conciliation and partif sense, of Union, his merits or demerits, he has been chosen as your advantage. He objected to Mr. Cbarlxb on account:labors,exag-wehave and ple. Hitherto dufered upon questtons of ooLa,fothemeetlngtogothepolls onpurpose to makeand Union. Kentocky's (190,000,000 of slave proper^ are unless Congress passes those acts and Imparts Coitxusa, who was presented for thefr suffrages in-trasld have caused at an earlier periodacrrcs to add to the demoralisation now existing aaong the adherents of the Clerical Parfy, and renders the support of Seflor Paobioo almost useless.liberal Generals, and of the movement of the larger country, can secure future peace or a stable Govern- dition of the State is excellent Of course there is a on Dodolas, if the most availeiole to " save the union assembled here to-night, to ratlfv the Union nomina- ';but the Union of alt sections. The Union of these the inherent power to do anything which he is not di-andUnited Statesagainstalltrate to administerthe laws. It ishis duty to carryby stimulating her energies and developing at stake, and all his (Mouhzas'b) is at stake, to him the power he has not within his own oince— this DistrictStates must and shall be preserved.Mr. Buchkbidoi is no Disunionist he is the creature and subject of the dominant Disunion element of his and there-to break" up the Union ! He did it on his shabby pre-textof protection." HeknewDodolaswastheman allwecan,tothrowasideallouranimosities,tocon-SupervisorDodslas was in tilshence, with fiendish ingenuitv, he fought againstand his nomination, and is everywhere fighting against himcentrate all our strength in one grand battle-front, and carry Democratic principles to the Congress of the nation. [Applause.) And now my friends this.rected to do by the legislative department Now,Democratic members of Con-of the Black Presi- Republicanfrom LiKCOLT*," is a sham and a catoh. Despite his tion of all the Anti-Republican elements of the Dis-of Wide-Awakes," of New- bia in July, 1839 ; at Charleston last Spring, and The Chairman then infroduced Mr. B. C. Guxffi, the Republican Wigwam at Greenpoint, last evening, York, paraded in great force. Their enfrance, club of Miimesota. at which Hon. Galubha A. Gaow, of Pennsylvania, by club, toto toe Cooper Insiitute, called forto repeat- SPEECH OF B. C. GCEPPE, OP MINNESOTA. was the jirincipal speaker. Every vacant seat and ed cheers, and crowds accompanied toem in toefr He considered this one of the proudest moments of all toe standing-room inside of the building was oc- inarch after toe meeUng was over. Late In tbe even-;presentthe District with credit[Applause.]largeTheyA Voice—" That can never be."Woo»—which Is to be determined by the people of this coun-is thet^posed try next Tuesday. I repeat it, that at no oreceding—the revolutionary war at no election have any Issuescalled the meeting to order, expressed his forever. Gov. Mouhxas feels that be can speak for bearing the slightest resemblance to these been pre- tion that so agress, by carrying to the House of Representativesa of who are determined toBZHABKS or MK. CAVA.BaxoKiiTXinGKby and Douglas menof thi South, though not coalescsd in a cheers for Beh. Wood.) But, my friends, whatever a comparison which was not at all to theirPON'TIAC. LOCAL POLITICS.junc-indeed have been expected, that the suffering of the make all the Stales free in course of time, and that were several bands of music in attendance, and much more manly—it is more independent—for" Democr&c stump speaker was expected to spe^ forbeseigedcity,fromwtiichit wouldappear,asmightearlythe present policy was ais to vote directlyIndeed, when he was a Jackson aman hisyoungerdays,:to and I vote for Williambor," than rightoto go up and say, 1 vrill not vote for Williahsor, stood. [Applause.] Hr. Kiuiv compared the sub- but I will vote for a man that will elect Wiluak- serviency to the South of tlw Northern Demeeratr ofThis wUl then leave tbe entire Liberal forces free many actually left we 'are not informed, but It would by Mr. P.' CoaBnrand Hr. Wn. J. Conzu. tar barrels, torches, pyrotechnics and bonfires, the perative duty resting upon you. In this district yoa who, vrtien Hamlet wanted him to see a weaalethe crowdwere several thousand.;8 o'clock tbare collected in the vicinity of the two stands erected for the speakers. The meet-to and collect,have beenmen, your partialities are the same on this quelstion.^e wanted Mm to see a camel, saw a camel.how little toe Pennsylvania people were frightened by the dlstinlon cries, and related wito effect the story:cursed or afflicted the country 'and mustand have claimed their intention to break down those constitu-— tarsofourcountry'sliberty recordingyour»otesforthe regular Democratic candidate. You have no al-way about it It must be either the Democr candi- 'the Democratic Party,to cautionThat portion of the Democracy of the Third Con- [Cheers for Wood.] My friends. It is just as wicked to hanghimself withwas dif-.» t..my dutyto calluponatichim of bis old assertion that he would vote for theKepablleaa Katlfcati— Meettot-lliii fcacorruptionjust as much a Black Republican ferent now. Pennsylvania was no longer tbe==r--T c~~-'~,r' ~~m" «*pay take the consequences. Ii you woiild avert these replied.services. [HeretheentranceofWide-Awakes duced loud applause and a brief diversion.] Mr. Daka examined the claims of Mr. CoHZuaa'a com-candidate. [Applause.] It is sus- candldate. He exposed Mr. Cocbxarx's action vritoIn conclusion, I thank you for this meeting,attention. The enthusiasm manifested assures tog in New- England and was threatened wito a re-gerate. He was opposed to any man who could for- enthusiasm, the meetingtbhreokceluubps aatnadlate hour, the 'There was no doubt about the election of Lmcoui,Italian Democraticespeciallywasbilmliwgahtsy uncer- tion, and from which must emanate the bills which views, and aftertain. [Applause.) This Homestead simply would affect, for all time to come, the interests of the tions were unanimously adoptedand tlie bill really adopted by was oriDgienmaolclryatimcade by Mr..ihatwcwil Sa-mthe,aarnsetsotley'uunmitoeathird, the fence of Southern rights against the Union as it exists ingman. [Applau.se.] Tahndeycrdiaersed not stand on the to close forever toe doors of toe public land octfuircsees iiiae EmMr. Gaow thenwhich it secured to the actoal settlers upon the unoc-cupied lands of the West ;ic;" L. Gaedhek and RlcBAao Jx9-»against the land monopolist—the deadliest rctirc'for Our cause is which had ever been inflicted upon the c"un- Coneressional District.e%a1s he race, a„^n-d^ t.u^r.n. it init.oi a s•o'ur^c^ef"oi}"r"e"ve^nu„e"B. Daniel Sweeny,Dajue Devlto, Andrewwell miphi ihey dam up ihc .springswhich theF. Tiemann, James Munroe,the present system, compelled muchasc toese lands of speculators at »SA. A.t (I and iiion the purchase,M-r acre,spendand toen, broken, down and ex-,hausted by hismentsernment was asked to extend its protection to thetoem frqm each otoer, and compelling them to carry toe sword in oneDis-Besides, forth the Udolpho Wolfe aadpower ojmtml for their past pecuniary transactions, and since !S[.e.:!ing the Island of San Juan, which might have says the Governor, (while spuming " Squatter Sov- trict. [Applause.) I have never known a result of the otoer, wasthelaocqtuieonntloyf tsoet Democrbaytic msepmeabkers. MessrsD.emocratic Candidates 'Bi^f^^^Mf,ri-been attendedHe referred to val ia^vOg^^.-flaiimthr of toe House of Representatives upon toe Homestead District, have ,at^ W(^ been bill, toe action of toe Senate, and tne final veto ol toe Congressional''<'". «'P'-e'>sing his disapprobaflpn, of any Stite or Territory want Slavery, they will to the energies of the people in a tri- the wMle that their ^ihenrS !'''""= R""'^ intenUons of Gen. HAUfST ple therefore, Ihave constantly labored to this end, holding out all h^iri^^wof the Party had induced to appoint CMnmittees of CoBfnaneeWMThe protectldn of pecuniary transactions with theumphant victory. [Applause.] .^d,and where they don't want it, they won't be forced to predict, that just so sure as next TuesdayThebeen toat toose who had been driven fromcountry to peace.to meet youralways in a necessity si due as toelr homes Europe, by and deato, should find a free home to toe great West,Government,action of theup our Unionlonbreak Will Kentocky dofoes,just so sure will you achieve one of the proudest tri-protection toeir familiestoat they should thus become attachedHall, NeUon ^Waterbury, Emanuel B. Hart. Jamea P. Dunn, A. X. Sullivan, and Wm. D. Kennedy.Gen. Wahs appototed, on behalf of toe Breck!niidg» and Mozart bodies. Gen. R. G. Nellis, CoL Jamei B.onStaoply to restore theobject ilidiJtini^.fh ',"""fTMTM hisknown high ary-of-War.devise and means to have it, and will have it waysiPresident.policyRepublicanfor the purpose of uniting a new candidate who shall be acceptable to all &cutptons and sects of.f-^Moa men." Mr. ylan has ^ipototed as his COmwfttee,under Zoioaoa and Mibamom, ^y^ D.PA.i S^l';,^cry,^;ePor^"etand the foes of this cc^untry and its interests- the of toe Government for themselves ana representtog tbe regular organization of Tan&iaaajrChurchhas been the real motive of all lhe-pe»C«-J»opositionsthat have been entertained orji any*me put forwardby either the Foreign MlnistiOT or the reactionary Novem.Ner Hill be the common Th.nkLlvin, Dav leaders.Government about it.Perhaps this has been less tbe eaae with Mr.MastachusiL M^ne "answer to the NorfolkAdministra- to tbe slave propagand-JUnsiw than anyConnectlcu.'. New-Hampshire, Michigan, Ohio InS- 'ana and Iowa.Lecompton" and histions. Tie brightett feijj 00 Judge DovaiAs'ques-browGovernment have tbeof the[ConcludedBigtUk Pfl-'\other, ffr he hasd«ubtle«« alsoislishnjeBtoi ourpeopleThAUKSCITiko.—The last Tluirsdavthis year. It^has already been officSuv n^r^ed iSthateverwasknown.[Applause.]Permitmethe Government which afforded them an asyium, to lei and gave toem a home and country to love.tions, toefr entire surrenderNew-York-, Pennsylvania,Democrat,eulogizeseveryThe hlsto^ of toe last two Democraticcharacter;have It, and wont have It, whatever the position or comes—just so stire as you are permittedr29lh/ of'.Mr. Doogiab for hU course onumphstest which involved such important results and con- siderations. At no previous election since the estab-Why, then, it ? Will she back Yajcoit in doing that t No, noMr.member from toe Slaveholding States except two, voted against this beneficent measure.an abstraction !MoBiBiAB, thoogfa no Douglas man and no to say that at no time have you ever known any con-;Untitled Documentrun the hills" toH.Vailapplause.not be sold" Veil, den, de Sout' must go lousy." Jfr.ried Pennsylvania for toe Republicans—explained toe of the Homestead bill, and how and why iptrohvaidsiboenesn modified and vetoed. He back thefiung; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 