 \^,:S'.', .sive. The real offense was that Mr. Hickman was toosmartindebate. Hewasfoundtobeanover-The Iron men ofThe importance of the interest represented at stroyed."Y,To Btt»in««» Men.Tbe circulation |of T H E WKXKLY TRIBUNE hascerned, hisoldmasterwaspersuadedtolendhim moreneeded,whilepersonswhohavespenttheirlives naan of the colored man's hopes, and also to furnish farmers and mechanics would be more appropriatelynot south of Mason and Dixon's Line, nor yet on the banks of the Potomac or Tombigbee River, but a little north, o f the City Hall, and not far fromtive to various schemes claimed to have been started for the rescue of John Brown. While they are aboutit, we would respectfully suggestthattheyj&usinzz* T&ctitt**A . J . BLBECKKR, S O N & Co. « V » MOTICathattbej«*x»w wrepeied tomake•*!••»£either at the residences or parties r>reakiog u p boTOekeoptogorMONDAY,• • FEBEUARY13, 1860.them the fugitive of whom the slave-hunters were may flow therefrom, and which! every man can Speaker has performed this duty with a single eyo J millions and nine hundred and fifty-nine thov*w& in quest. The slave was introduced to his master measuie for himself in the light of our recent history, i to promoting the busruess of the House, it may not dollars!on terms of equality, and bade to enter into a con- be amies to add, that whether a gentleman shall ac- Will not these figures commend to Congres»men ference with him. H e did so. After some friendly T H E COMMITTEES O F T H E HOUSE. quire in Congress the reputation of a thorough man in both Houses the Memorial which we publish observations on the slave's part, his master was in- T o assign two hundred and forty members o f a of business, a n acute parliamentarian, a logical de- elsewhere, and will they not generally tend t o a n formed that Samiw had concluded not to return to deliberative body to their appropriate places on forty ' Dater, and an eloquent orator, depends far more increase of interest in the growing demand of tha Missouri,butwasboundtoCanada, andashishat CommitteesisaverydifficulttaskJ Tocriticisethefftl£c*pocio<»s"~Mle«roo*.» No. P Pin-st-. nesr Broadway.PEREMPTORY SALE.AtGtorW*HATSTORK.T h e E m i * Stock of GKNTS' HATS,BOYS*efcd G*MTS'Sorr HATS, T»'and BOYS'CAPS,XJTTS*FUR GI-OVRS,Our friends in CHICAGO can obtain THB TRIBT/NB of J. C. M c- NALLY &.Co., and of NOXRDJ fc HYDX.TO CORRESPONDENTS.Wo esrsnot xmdertako to return rejected CoouunnlosiioM.^ No notion can be taken OJ Anons/mous CommnnicaKona. v W - ever is mteuded for insertion must be authenticated by^tbe name and address of the wester—not necessarily for publioarupon himself than upon aty position the Speaker people for Specific Duties and the protection ofGa^Trs' F C R CAPS, l'M g o v seUing off at reduced price* to close the concern.Gx^i* FIATSTORR,NO.507 Broadway.THEMOSTVALUABLEDISCOVERYOFTHEAGE.PXRRY'» JAPANXRX BOOT and SHOK POLISHFBTaarpesses Ktackingin erery particular.No rubbing i» required.Givxs A BRACTITTI, GLOSS. Driesin.threeminutes.Wiix ROTSOU.THKFINESTFABRICJMAJTTWKATHRR.PxxaxRTRitTBie LKATHKR, . Sold EverywherePrincipal Depot,JAPA.S-X.XX POLISH C o .,tion, but asaguarantySwbisgood laXh. draMed to HOSRACW GWBKIJIT ic Co.TRIBUNE has lost certainly several readers, andmoney enough to defray his expenses to the Ca- in storing away legal lore will be putinto places where possibly one subscriber. I t has lost these readers documents and general facts in his possession, rela-_.- -The Tribune Campaign Tract* No.XI. DEMOCRATIC LEADERS FOR DISUNION.We shall publish immediatelythe recentpowerfulspeech of Senator Wilson of Mass., in which the fact isNo. 447 Broome-st.,One doorwestofBroadway.— ....GREAT CURE OF ASTHMA.jBioas k SOUTH—ICX, No. 81 Na*iaa-»t._TOMES, SON<fe MELVAIN,No. 6 MA;D»N LANE, New-York,Importers and Wholesale Dealers in C>PN». PlSTOU,CCTLMT.PXATXDW„KX,J»—SIXT,FANOTGOODS,BXTJSBXS, P x K r t XDXT, AND SOAPS.fWostley Klchaxds's celebrated Guns. Kiev's Caps, Wadding,and Cartridges. Herffor's Army and Model Raaora. AdamVa Patent Revolving Pistols.SINGER'S SEIVING-MACHINES.No 2Sewing-MachineNo. 1 8*wing-Machi_e..... 90The Family Sewing-Machine, A .The Family Sewing-Machine 50(Dem., 111.), moved a callforinformation respecting ance—at least by hearsay—with Capt. Brown oftheappointmentsto,andremoydhfromofliceinIllinois NorthElba,morefamiliarlyknownasOldBrown ExchequerastheheadoftheCommitteeonPublicHemming Ganges 1.M.SiNexxitCo.,No.458Broadway,N.Y.LEGII5LATURK.SENATE, Feb. 11.—A memorial was received from mation, and other enlightenment derived from read- Committees, we see no special objection to assign- young gentleman took the matter into con- the commission, not the intention of crime. It inmerchantsinNew-York,fortheimprovementofEast ingandreflection,theymust bythis time,ifthey ingthechiefposttosuchable andliberalmenas true,hewouldhavebeenhangedifhehadtriedto sideration, a n d conceiving, o n reflection,River. Aleo from the State Medical Society to compel are men of half the brains possessed by their slaves, Messrs. Gilmer and Etheridge. M r. Briggs is that his right to the pursuit of knowledge w as do the thing, but now he can tell the truth about itIPORTANT TO TAILORS AND OTHERS.The Grover k Baker Sewing-Machine Company have just IDmorial and bill similar to the one in the Assembly, rela-assassination will not work for any length of time in dealiDg with Free-State men in Kansas, in Wash-Claims, which on the whole is a very proper ar- rangement.unwarrantably interfered with by requiring him to read his morning paper in a surreptitious and clandestine manner, declined to render obedi-book*,papers,andsomehundredsofdollarsinbank-biiU,were in one of jour ' hax/ipioa Safes, and. &tlor being exposed for SO > the fiery ordeal, nas delivered up i u contents withoutthe loas>1?£^ugiii3Je'aollar. Experience teaches uswewantno other Safe but yours. Wy.NXOOP, £LAI.&XNBKCXk. TUOSCAA.onthethirdpageofthis paper. Wemaynotal-under Mr.Speaker Orr. Oftheninemembers, it. This assault upon M r. Hickman, a m an of six reside inland.' However, the upper lakes,areanywhothink,thatafterthecontumacyhehas exhibited, they could trust him among their dry goods.$1,000 RBWAXD will be paid to any personthat can show that Hjaxarme'sPATXNTCMAMI-IONSAXKever/ailedtoprerferveiu oontesitsm an accidental firo.OHIO AKD KENTUCKY IRONMASTERS.The Ironmasters of Kentucky and Ohio mot in Southern hostility by anything he can say or do, toroca'J and examine tbe Certificates of some of the moht respect-able Firms In the Country. A large assortment for sale at theardly Abolitionists, incendiary poltroons, who mustto them the character o f contingent assassinations^of those Committees, n o r have they half a dozenT h e population clustered a n d dependent upon eachDepotTheyactedupontheMr. Hickman wasassailedforstating, inaconspicuouspositionsonCommitteesusuallyranked"TMVVJ?JJ0. 40 MrxxAY-gT., XKW-YQRK.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE. U«X7CX. IN KVKKY Hoi'SK.Fov. SALX ETKRTWHKKX.Is the best and cbeaoe*t. article for Dressing, Beautifying. Cleansing, Curling,PreaervJng and Bestoring the Hair.Ladiea, try it. For sale b y Druggists and Perfumers.4 No. 150Pultou-st., Brooklyn.$100House adjourned.We suppose it is true, but it would be just as well Kansas, by their own friends and confederates, that the chair of Indian Affairs. It seems to us proper No, he was told, the rule was not a general to have it established. Of course the Southern the Southern scheme of bullying and assassination that that political organization should be recog- Hotspur will not need to refuse to answer for fearone, but it would nevertheless be enforcedhas failed inthat Territory. From' all this infor- nized; and, with five Republicans oneach of these ao far as T H E TRIBUNE was concerned. The of criminating himself, for human law only punishes75ways agree with the writer;but the considerationsframeand feeblei sreportedt owhich he urges are strongly put, and are worthyofbeing carefully pondered by every thinking man.•health,,whoteemingwithcommerce, have theirfaithful repre- sentatives in Messrs. Washburn and Wade, whilethe memorahle year of 1854, these persons havewith a stick, while the other stood by to shoot himV l v:in KJteienntutucckhy and Ohiio.,NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1860.PORT RICHMOND,SUten Island,Jan.27,I860. ThU ia t© eertify, that I hare had the Aathma since 1SH, an<?threetime*adayinawine-glassofwater. Icanrecommendit TappanvoluntarilywithdrewfromtheJudiciary, as a certain cure. "Wx. Y . TOWJWKND. the control of all the most influential leaders of the so- the Southern assassins and bullies have done inand h»Tebeen treated lor it by several physicianswithout relief I used Dr. Tohi«w' VHJJXTIAJT LISIMK.VY for dysentery, and wasdemonstrated that the Disunion Movement, beganaatonlshedjo find that it cured my asthma. Dose, a teaspoonfol thirty years ago by Mr. Calhoun, has at last obtained This story carries its own moral. It shows what presides over Post-Offices and Post-Roads; M r.decreased from 40,000 to 39,999. Bat our lossmay hot Abolitionist, and now United States Minister beanother'sgain,aresultforwhich,wetrust,we toFrance,whorepliedthathethoughttheschemeas being cut of order. John Cochrane presented the bore themselves in numerous desperate conflicts;who now proposes to conquer British America and commit the treason which Judge Bailey, M r .wasminusacrownandrim,andhiscoatshabby mannerinwhichthisisdone,isaverydelicateper-may assign him upon the Committees.DomesticIndustry? /•' I t is said that the Secate Investigating Committer are corsidering the propriety of summoning dor. Wisebeforethem,withtheviewofgettingcertainand- ragged, his master w as invited to exchangeformance. Some errors will be unavoidable. Enter-with him, which h e cheerfully did. Sambo beingBaainesi letters ior THB TRIBCNB should in all oeaes be ad- thus well furnished, so far as apparal was con- ally turn up where gentlemen learned in the law areS A L E S M A N .reached the enormous number, of 2 1 2 , 0 0 0 copies, and is the him his horse to lessen the fatigues of his journey. found. But, accidents of this sort will happen in verybestmediumthroughwhichadvertisers canreachallporta These arrangements being completed, the two families far better regulated than the House ofThe Pro-Slavery journal from whichcapricious, and<some of it just.As a general rule, the chairmenjof the Commit-tees are well selected.. O f course^ Mr. Sherman is attheheadoftheWaysandMeans^r.E.B.Wash- burne is restored to that of Commerce; Mr. ColfaxresolutionsoftheNew-YorkChamberofCommercerelative to mail communisation with Mexico. Tho come a Free State, and if they have, it may also excited remaik. Mr. Gilmer, South American, andThey may have heard that Kansas is likely to be-The composition of some of the Committees haspeated, but that if he continued to read that print,House then took up the Post-Office Deficiency bill,when the amendment abolishing the franking privilegewas discussed. No conclusion w as come to, and the must have, some knowledge brought direct from the head of the Elections, as is Mr. Etheridge in as, if it was, he should cheerfully comply with it.have crept into their ears by what means. They lately candidate for the Speakership, is placed atgeneral vaccination. The President presented •a me- have come to the conclusion that bullying and Chairman of the Committee on Revolutionarywith a safe neck. Come, Governor, speak out? Or, what says the venerable and venerated Rich- mond Enqtdrcr ?ral Society. The Personal Liberty Bill was made a of Washington ? Do they desire to reorganize bul- Sherman. Mr. Stevens will look after the coal and thority to interfere in such a case by militarv force,/ that his engagement with them for the current year will be utterly unconstitutional, and it will be aslying and assassination a t the Federal Capital ? I f iron of Pennsylvania; Mr. Morrill will take care of .did not expire till the 1st of July, was not sufficient dangerous as it will be unconstitutional. It will au- thorize the Federal Government to pry into all assem- SOMETHING 2S'EW .•—AHEMMER, TUCKER, F E L - Wharf and Slip L-aw. One by Mr. Pond to amend the they do, they can certainly achieve their purpose. the wool of Vermont; Mr. Washburn will see that to counterbalance the enormity of reading such blies of the people in a State—to set up a system of es-paperassuitedhimbest,andofa firmdetermination pionage,totally inconsistentwiththe free exerciseoftheir rights—and upon suspicion or rumor use the mili-to continue t o disburse two cents daily to that end. tary of the United States againet the people. Of course Liherxl flisooun* to the trade. Orders by mail supplied (with Callicott to charter the German Licderkranz of New- could have been at any former, period in the history will speak for the Empire State, while the experi- As it is still possible 'to divide the sum of two we suppose every CoasoLidationist in Washington totredneed a new and superior Shuttle-Machine, largo size, highapeed,withlatest Improvements. Price $50. ForsaleatNo. York. Mr.Spinolaintroducedabilltoincorporatethe ington,orelsewhere..tive to the construction of tenement houses in New-TheCommitteeofWays andMe|ansismadeup encetothisrequirement. Onrespectfullymaking We are thus at a loss to understand the assault with referenco both to the ability Of its members, known this determination, he was incontinentlyand tbeir opinions on the Tariff. Mr. Winter D a -vis, whose manly vote for Mr. Pennington broughtPlate Fslr, etc, e t c Agents wanted. Office, ge. iit Broadway. ry appropriation from that institution to the Horticultu- physical contest provoked in Kansas in the streets order but of chaos, is worthily place'd next to M r. eral years a faithful servant to his employers, and " We say that any law empowering the Federal au-«WBroadwa7,New-York,andNo.182Fultons_,Brooklyn.jm-KXJE _ L YON'S SEWING MACHINE* re-LoDgIslandSteamboatCo.HOUSE, Feb. 11.-—•Numbers ofremonstrances againstSouthern writers assail Mr. Douglas's new Sedi- tion Law, and improved Federal Slave Code a s fol- lows:M*red!Ifeehfehea*MedalattaeJfmixofUi„Ajoovriovaixutftute, srgEh the highest pre—Jam /or fine Sewing Machine work • ai»o Wgbe«t prearfusn at the Fair of the FraaUki Inst., New-Jerseythe Pro-Rata Billwerereceived; alsoone fromthe American Institute againsa the transfer of the customa-ofthosegentlemenuponMr.Hickmanof Pennsyl- vania on Friday last. Do they want to reopen thetold that his services were no longer wanted in that establishment. The fact that he had been for sev-WHEELER &, WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. **W* prefer them for family use/'—{Tribune." They are the iavorite* for families."—ffftmee.special order for the 29th inst. Among the bills intro- duced was one by Mr. Miller to amend the New-York. Office, No. 50i Broadway, New-York.xxx, BIXDKRand GACOX COBBINXD,just patented, simple, hem- charterofNew-York. OnebyMr.Jaquestoincorpo- And if theydo,;it needsnoghosttoprophesy that neithertheshippingnorthemanufacturing interests izdng say width and thtckneaa of alottx either aide, appliedto any rate the New-York Down-Town Club. One by Mr. their scheme will be more promptly met than it of New-England suffer detriment; M r. SpauldingSowirg-Macbine by any one, in a tew minutes. Kei&il price •Ho. complete instruction*;, postage paid. Se_d for a circular.York. Mr. Conkling called up the resolution directing of "this Government. Do they doubt that the con- ence of Mr. Phelps will be valuable in counsel, andvote for ."uch a measure. It marks the progress of the Federal Government to a condolidated despotism."UN1TXBSAL JflxxXXX C o .,a bill to be reported, fixing the fees of the New-York BRIDGEWATER P AINT OF NEW-JERSEY.— Sheriff. Debatewashad,whentheHouseadjournedTwelveshadesofcolors,testedfortenyears;60percentofsilica, withoutdecidingthequestion. forming a complete metallic coating for roofs, outside work,villas, churches public and private buildings,tin, brick andiron,railroad depots, machine-Hoops, mills, decks o f vessels, canvas,cents by two, and still keep the current coin of thekc. Depots, No. 72 MaiCen-lane, and No. 7 Liberty at.HICK* ic BXTTM, Agents.Orderforroofingandspecimenofcolors,Ho.421Broadway. GREATFIREINFULTONAND ANN-STS.As was anticipated, notwithstanding the conflict-- ing testimony asto the identity of Hazlett, charged with being one of John Brown's associates at Har- per's Ferry, thejury has found him guilty of murder., —I « • •We call attention to a letter on the present po-andhistwenty-onefightingconfederates?" Butwhatever'theirdesign,suchassaultsasthis on Mr. Hickman tend only to provoke just such re- venges as the history of Kansas and John BrownHe wants the benefit of Squatter Sovereignty in the White or Constitutional List, with the sums an- North, and he thinks he has secured it, however in-NXW-YOXK, Jan. 30, I860. QjatrtJtmMX: l h » piloting e*_bli»hm«nt So. 113 7uIton-»Uand N»- 4&AMIH., occupied by our««avt»«»and Robert Bonner of TPho Now-York Ledgor, w»» ywaterday luoruiog connuzned byOrleans*bavealmostinvariablyhadrepresentatives on this Committee. , Now, New*York alone, of all the large seaboard cities, appears on the Committee,M essrs. k Co.; T w o CK>T:<.In the meantime, the jouDg clerk is thrown outof employment in the dead of Winter. He may beMessrs. 8 . C Hxxxrxe 4. Co.No. 4C9Broadway.Free-Trade will find able champions in the meta-amongthemwhowouldbeonlytoogladtogodown physicalMr.Millson,andtheimpetuousMr.Craw- havetorecordalowerbidthanthisforthe South- attempt toridetwohorsesgoingindifferentdirec-firs; the stock of both concerns w ss totally deatroved. Our litical condition of the country, which will be found and it is amazing that the Southern men do not seestituencies of Free-State representatives have mento Washington and defend and avenge those repre- ford. As it stands, this is a Tariff Committee.sentatives 1 Does any such doubt exist after their The structure of the Committee of Commerce is reading of the history of Kansas, of John Brown, perhaps without a precedent. Heretofore, New-Republic,one,free, andindivisible,wemayyet Mr.Douglaswillfindthedifficultiesofhisrecentweakbe suffering from occasional bleoding at the lungs,agentlemanwhodistinctlysignifiedtotheHouse Gen.MeorheadofPittsburghwilllookafterthein-Brownsville, Texas, dates to the 5th instant state the other day that he could not be provoked or terests of the Western rivers. Messrs. Smith,S. C HkxxiNO k Co., Patentee* and Manufacturers of H«x- that an American steamer, and aleo the forces forced to recognize the assassin code of the South— Lamar, and Clemens will doubtless protect the Convention at Portsmouth on Tuesday last, toan extent sufficient t o insure hie success a t Charles- ton.WeseeiutheaboveextractfrpmTUCharleston Mercury how his late senatorial movement is received in that region. It does not suit at all. On the otherhand,hisofferstorecedefromhisoldSquat- ter Sovereignty position would in any case cost him.more strenglh in the North than they can bring him intheSouth. Everyindicationofawillingnessto conformtoSoutherndemandstoconciliateSouthern support, throws him upon the platform of every other member of his party, and strips him of that availability in the North which he is supposed toUKO*KPATXMT CBAMPION FIXK AXD BCROLAX-PXOO? axriu,No.251Broadway,cornerofMurray-st.,oppositetheCityHail,UDdercommandofCol.Ford,hadbeenfireduponthisassaultuponsuchaman,isoneofthomostinlittlecommercetheyhavedown South,whileMr.memorializethetwoHousesofCongresstolevya specific duty on the importation of foreign Iron, as a remedy for the condition of the business in which they are engaged—" so depressed as to render " their capital unremunerative, and to diminish theNew ?ork.•—a—mmAatdm»^———— • •• ————————» .—— •• • ••excusably atrocious acts, in purpose, that we havehadcrossedtheriverinpursuitoftheenemy,and beenforalongtimecalledtorecord. Ifadeedof and sails more ships than alltheslave-holdingTHIRTY-FIVE SECOND-HAND SAFES,*I wHlaell at very low prices SKCOND-HAND SAITXS OY KVXRYroxSAI.K.cowardicecanbeperpetrated,isnotthisone? Here are confederated assailants, each unquestion-••• • —«i •••—•————by Mexicans bearing'the Mexican flag. Col. FordEliot of New-Bedford, whose State builds, owns, Statesputtogether,willchampion osean-boundSIZBof the most approved makers (many of which are almostMW),which 1 have taken in exchange for LII.I.IK'X CBILLKD ANDWxO«(OBTlaos PA*XS». Call and examine a large variety at the thize with Cortina. warehouseofHowx'slM~tovKr>STANDARDSCAI,X<*.New-England.ably armed—for Southern men generally go armed— entitled to another member of this Committee, and " demand for laborers." Seventeen KentuckyFKANK E. HOWX, N O 2O8 Broadway..i FirstblockbelowtheAstorrionse.Mr. Carter of Flushing was spoken of as a suita- furnaces were represented at this meeting, and forty-five Ohio furnaces.a border war was considered inevitable. Itis also stated that the people of Matamoras sympa-andalwayswhenonmissionslikethis,attackinganWegivesomeadditionalforeignintelligence unarmedmanincapableofdefendinghimself,and ablepersonforthepost.Buthewasfinallyas-DEFIANCE SALAMANDER SAFES.—ROBERT M. brought by the steamer Canada. Some of the ready to assassinate him if he attempts defense. signedto the chair ofthe Committee uu the Dis- How reasonable istheir request. The existingPATXCX.Bc.le Manufacturer of the above celebrated Safe*,, and We consider the attack, so far as evident purpose trict of Columbia, where his long acquaintance Patesst Powder-Proof Defiance Lockaand Crosa-Bar». Alao, Fire provisions of the commercial treaty between Franceand B«r>Jar-Proof Sideboard and Parlor Safea, for Silver Plate, and England are published. The annexation of goes, equalled only by the brutal and murderous with the affairs of the commercial metropolis, his he. Depot No. 63 Murray-si., corner of College-place.duties upon Scotch and English pig Iron are adm ii '" i if40>:—BARKER SEWING-MACHINE CO.—Ournew m«ehix_Oodes the patents of Howe, Grover It Baker, and Wheele* &.wfjaen, is a furst-olaas, double-thread,look-rtitch,noiletos'a, rapid, V autifhl macirlze. Price, o"mpl«t«, ^40., VXXNONk Co.,Ne.469Broadway.Savoy and Nice to France is semi-oflicially alludedtobyFrenchjournalsasnearlyaccomplished. ThelatestinformationfromtheseatofwarbetweentheSpaniardsandtheMoors,statethatthelatterhad HickmanhadsaidsomethingaboutVirginiabeingenlarged views of what the capital city of the of Congress to change these duties to speciGc—toUniOnoughttobe,and hisabilitiesasafloormem- oristrafren,uponwhichheisjustnowtryingto float" K i c o s T R U S S , " Water-Proof, Cleanly, met with another severe repulse. I t is announced frightened by John Brown and twenty-one men andassault on Senator Sumner. I t is a class of acts ofwhichonlybulliesandassassinscanbeguilty.valorem. These gentlemen simply, modestly, ask possess. We look, therefore, upon his recent dem-And now,what wasthe provocation?Mr.ber,willmakohim,perhaps,asusefulas ifhe had payso much duty, whatever it maybe,bytheDuraljJe.—Tb*multipedalpadtendstoclosetheapeninsa,and byCountCavour's,organthatthereisnownoop- acow,whichMr.Edmundsondidnotlike. But opinioninsayingthattheRepublicanmembersfrom atthetimeofitsshipment. Steadinessofdutyiseats the feerUil con»f>queuoea of prvxwure upon the sper-oord N o 448 Broome-st., near Broadway, New-York. position to Prince Carrignac's assuming the RegencyMARSH continues to apply his RADICAL of Central Italy.. CCWTRW with success, in effecting permanent cures of Her- niaorRupture,atNo.tVe»ey-8t.Ladieswaiteduponbya female in private rooms. Also, TKUS.HKS of every description for permanentretentionofRoptu.-e,BathingTrimes.Supporters, Shoulder-Bracer, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elastic Stockings, Knee-Cape, Anklets, and all Surgical appllancea scientifically applied,oy MAX**k Co.,No.2 Veaey-at,N. Y.HERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPIONPIBX and BIKOLAB-PXOO*' SAPX*,With Hall'* Patent Powder-Proof Locks, Afford the greatest security of any Safe in the world.S. C. HKKKINO ii Co.. No. 251 Broadway, opposite City Hall, N.Y.'FIRE-PROOF SAFES.ST~AXN»« t MABVIN'S WHJ>XR PATKNT SALANANDKX SAPX.New-York—the first State in the Union—have not what is asked for—steadiness of price in Ohio and and other sarcasms of Mr. Hickman on the floor of received what they were entitled to expect in the Kentucky iswhat is soughtfor, not enhanced profits,tbe House ? There was the place to doit. Neither formation of the Committees. New-York gave to nor the governmental support of a manufactureTHE ASSAULTONMR.HICKMAN.which is not authorized by the demand of consump-tion and the cost of production. thesetwoStatesrequironobolstering.ty exclusively, so far as w e cun judge, to what isfacetiously denominated the Democratic pai ty, whoseem to believe in bullying and terrorism, as appro^ match for these chivalrie gentlemen. There wasthis Furnace Masters' Convention may be meas-Since this was published we observe that M r. Memminger has left Virginia, having abandoned his purpose of waiting till the Legislature of that Statenothing left, therefore, in their scheme of treat- and for the usual intercourse of society. Ever since ment, but for one to hit the offender over the headintellectualcapacity ofh e rrepresentation,priate influences for th e conduct of public affairs,ured from these facts: O n e hundred a n d fifty-fivewhy did not he or his confederate, Keitt, repel thisEdmundsonnoranyotherVirginiaRepresentative theSpeaker28ofthe117votesthatelectedhim. ThereisaclassofSouthernmen,belongingpret- couldclaimthatthisremarkwaspersonallyoffen- Fromfirsttolast,andwithoutvariablenessorshadow of turning, her Republicans adhered to Mr. Sherman. In the distribution of the elective offices ofthe House, she has received nothing. I n respectof theshe stands second to none of her sister States.S^Jjiousand tuns of Pig Iron are produced every yearattempted the introduction of their tactics into the if he resisted. For of course, this is the understood one of what are usually denominated the mostNational councils. They began by decrying the motive and object of having a confederate in such impoitant Committees, nor are her . Republi-The Southern mindSeventeen and a half years ra use —Of Twelve Thousand sold, spirit of the Northern people, terming them cow- transactions; the fact of hunting in couples gives cans represented at all on more than three or four 260 b«ve been tested i n accidental firea. W e invite PurchasersStates is $4,650,000.around, connected with Furnace,isatleastfivehundred,men,women,bewhippedintosubjection.supposition that a feW\ armed bands of assassins in pungent manner, a well-known and universally- in the second class.Washington, and in Kansas, would stop Congres- sionaldiscussionofthejSlaveryquestion,andwouldacknowledged-fact, that Virginia was frightened byWe have already spoken of the chairmanship of three committees assigned t;o New-York. But convertKansas,andalltherestofourTerritories, statementistrueinallitsparts. ItistrueofJohn neitherofthe gentlemen occupyingthosepositionsJohnBrownandtwenty-onemenandacow^ TheManufactured by H. C SPALDINOit Co.,No.48jCedar-st Po*t-Offiee addreas. Box No. 3 6C0.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSare unrivaled. They are light, easy, durable, and fit to a charm. has exhibited on the Northern side but small dispo- Mr. Hickman in the best manner he could for mak- inent position on the Naval Committee. A nd (forN o ahripking, nor tam ing up behind. BATCHKLOK'» HAIK DTX, tucky and Ohio, in tho noighboihood of these iron-into Slave- States.They commenced operations on this theory. 'W e confederates^ and it is true of the cow. It is thus placed under the lead of Republicans, viz: Agri- sixty-two hundred, and the wages paid to them,have seen what we have seen in Washington, and true in the whole, and it is true iu its parts; and no culture, Accounts, Invalid Pensions, and Expendi-what we have seen in Kansas. The House of Rep- Virginia gentleman o r blackguard on the floor h a d tures in the . State and Post-Office Departments re-BATCHELOR'SHAIRDYE,WIGS,and TOUPEES, resentativeshashadmorethanonemeleesince,and anyreasonwhatevertodoanythingbutretortupon spectively.Mr.Pottleisproperlyassignedtoaprom- SeewhattheinterestofthefarmersofKen-the beat in the world; the only 1 armless snd reliable Dye known. Appry at the Factory, removed to No. 16 Bond-st.sition to retreat before the bullies. But the full de-^ ing the statement. The idea of assailing him by we are dealing now only with lawyers) Mr. Olin, a works, is in their successful operation. Fifteen velopement of the deliberately challenged contest aimed confederates, with a contingent assassination leading member of the Troy bar, is on the Military thousand bushels of corn are annually consumed a tPOSTAGESTAMPS(3and10cents),forsaleat betweenFree-StatemenandSlave-Statemen,has inview,forsimplytellingatruthlikethis,isamon- Committee,animportantpost; Mr.Reynoldsofthis Office.ea;ch of them. Worth fifty cents a bushel,the only been seen in Kansas. What the result has strous example of brutal violence, and tends to pro- Albany, is wisely put upon the Judiciary, though sales of this single grain will aggregate $465,000Loss OF SCHOOMR BROTHERS.—-The schooner been there, the world knows, and particularly that voke, in ten thousand hearts, all over the country, his wido professional reputation might entitle him per annum. So of flour. Estimated cheaply at$6 Brothers, of New-York, Capt. Davey, from Alexan- part of it embraced in the Slave States. The in the present excited state of the public toa higher place upon it; Mr. Ely, an acute practi- per barrel, these sixty-two furnaces will annually dria with a cargo of coal, bound to this city and con- South know, and we are willing to take their testi- mind, schemes of punishment and revenge. tioner, doing an extensive business in Rochester, car- demand and pay cash for $232,128 worth. And of signed to the American Coal Company, at 11 o'clock mony of the fighting capacity of the " cowardly Ab^ Such abominable acts are fatal alike to the public ries his industry and active habits to the hard- bacon, beef, and pork, the demand isjust as benefi-yegberdajmoning,whentwoandahalfmilessouth- olitionists"whowentfromtheNorthtomaketha. peaceandtoSouthernpeace. Slaveryexistsby workingCommitteeofClaims;whileMr.Conkling centtotheagriculturalinterestwhichisneighbor-eastoftheHighland*,wasrnnintobyschoonerR.H. TerritoryaFreeState. Theyfounditinposses- law;butitexistsbyNorthernmoderationandfor- mustfindscope,ifhecan,forhislegallearning ingtotheseworks*Eachofthemrequiringtwo 'Huntley, Capt. Hammond, from Baltimore, also bound sion of the assassins and bullies, and they have bearance also. Remove these, and the institution and forensic abilities on the Committee of tho Dis-to this port, striking her abaft the main rigging, and eithur driven out or extinguished tlje whole crew. will rock to its foundations. Every act of violence trict of Columbia. And—for we must forbear fur- thousand pieces of fifteen pounds each, the totalcutting her through. She sank in about three quarters of an hour after in eeven fathoms water. Capt. DaveyThe fact is not only illustrated in general by tho committed by a Southern slaveholding Member of ther details—we think it will turn out that suchquantity anr.ually consumed is 1,860,000 pounds, worth $186,000.and crew saved nothing but their clothes and yawl- triumphant success of Northern m en in making CongreB8 upon a Free-State member, in a difficulty able and experienced lawyers as Messrs. Sedgwick,boat. They were brought to the city last evening by Kansas a Free State, but in highly significant mino growing out of the Slavery question, as in this case; Humphrey, Kenyon, Beale, McKean, VanWyck, What interest the merchants of New-York, Phil-steam-tug Jacob BelL•——The Union Anti-Slavery prayer-meeting takes placeat the Kev. Dr. Cheever's Church this evening.—Senator Wilson of Massachusetts w a s in the city last night, on hi* way to Washington.details.We saw a narrative the other day in a Missouripaper directly in point. Haifa dozen slave-hunterstends directly and powerfully to the overthrow and extinguishment of that sentiment of forbearance andmoderation. SuchanactisthusnotonlyanDuell, Irvine, and Wells, are worthy of higher posi- tions upon the Committees than they have received. However,ashasalreadybeensaid,thetaskofthe South is becomiug bopeleesly weak and powerless beside the mammoth" North—made so by the channel* ofcommerceand immigration which have beeu markea cut,andprotectedbyFederallegislation. ThesubjectOJ)—• iu»wmamfroin Missouri pursued a fugitive into Kansas. outrage to be denounced, but a calamity to be de- framing these Committees was as difficult as that of! - plored. "We can only warn the South and its Rep- criticising them is delicate and perhaps invidious. furnace, and in the aggregate amount to $1,240,000.Yet such fellows as Keitt and Edmundson do all they can to outrage Northern feeling, widen section^ animosity, to provoke assaults upoa.While at a tavern on theirjournej,some Free-State meD of the Territory rode up, bringing with resentatives against the plain consequences whichAnd, after saying that we have no doubt the Thetotalannualcousuinptionoffarmproductsand goods by these iron-makers is of the value of sixThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069prising merchants and manufacturers will occasion-oftheworld. Ithasaverylargecirculationamongoountrymer parted. Thecoloredmaninbisimprovedattire Representatives. Thereis,ofcourse,fault-finding themouthoftheHudsonRiver. Thesubscribef shouldfollowtheirusualpracticeofinterrogating chants, and is avaluable medium through which wholesale mer- went North, and the slave-owner and his friends with, the manner in which Gov. Pennington has is possibly saved, though it is not easy to see how a the witness concerning every .subject that hechants can reach country dealers. $1 per line. .Advertisements ixsorted atman who is deprived of his bread can save his news- paper; b u t there are men who provide the luxuries of life first, and procure the necessaries afterward if theycan. Someofourreadersareofthissort,andit maybethatthepersonwerefertoisoneofthem.If not, then the circulation of our daily impression hasback to their homes, wiser, if not richer, than they framed his Committees. Some of this is doubtlessknows anything about, and examine the Governor concerning bis own famous plan of taking armed possession of Washington City in 1856, in tbe event of the election of Col. Fremont to the Presidency* Thisplan,itnowseems,wasnotonlyformallycom- municated to Mr. Ch'as'J. Faulkner, formerly a red-came away.we derived the foregoing facts, after condemning the action of the Free-State mon, remarked that the denuded slave-owner was.a law-and-orderman, and would take no steps in the way of reprisals.cflre sufficiently imbued with a Christian spirit to betions from their own declarations, given in their own that ofthe equally important Committee of Claims; duly thankful. There is no loss, according to some Southern States a t large, ' by whom it was r e -Sold by all the druggists. 'Price, 25 and 50 cents. Depot, N o called Democratic: party. This is proved by quota- quelling the " cowardly Abolitionists" of Kansas, leavmg its chair to M r. Hickman,j while he takes K Cc_-thvDdt-s*.easy of execution, but to the Governors of the ceived with cordial sympathy. A t a late " UnionTHE. GREA TEST INVENTIONor THE Aus.A NRWT.T P A TXXTXD QCARTZROCKANDGRAIRMILL.TUs wonderful IMKXOYKMKNT in grindingroekto anim- palpable ,hoar, andany o t h e r k n o w n p r o c e s s , a n d a l t o s e t b e r t b e c n e a p * » l eterderiaedforreducingquart*andallother hard subntanees with the smallest amount of power, is undoubtedly the gr»*t«»t hrrentk—oftheage.The Rights of States in this great invention are offered for sale. Those deJsreus of purchasing can have an opportunity of witaass- inrthe fall, rapid, and complete operation o!'thin Mill.as the Northern men who went to make that Terri-language, and forming an array of testimony which tory a Free State used to be so volubly termed. I t Mr. Burlingame has gracefully deferred to Gov.cannot be disputed.; The speech will form a tract of 16pages.Price,4centsasinglecopyj25'centsper isanincidentthatshows,ormayshow>thebulliesleadontheMilitaryCommittee,asdoesMr.Morse some of his confederates, and slaying others after on that of Naval Affairs; M r. Grow resumes hisdozen; $1 25 per hundred; $10 per thousand. If or- and assassins that, in hanging John Brown and d e r e d b y m a i l , o n e c e n t e a c h m u s t b e s e n t t o p r e p a y| o l d p o s t a t t h e h e a d o f t h e T e r r i t o r i e s ; M r . T h a y e r ! takes the place formerly occupied by M r. Bennett on the Public Lands; Mr. Israel Washburn preferssaleofonepairofready-madetrowsers,warranted formerlyofGeorgia,statedthisasafact. AsTU not to rip. Or it may be a vest; or a neck-tie; or KnoxviUe Whig says:a c o a t w i t h t w o f a c e s . T h e l a t t e r , i t s t r i k e s u s , " T h e J u d g e m a d e o n e s t a r t l i n g d i s c l o s u r e , w h i c h wouldbethemostsuitable. wasnewtousall. Hesaid that during thoPresi- Afew morningssince,Oneofthefirmofalarge dentialcontestGov.Wise hadaddressedletters toallpostage.CONCUEUR8S. SENA TE, Feb. IK—Not in session.theyweremadeprisoners,they have only cutoff theadvancedguardoftheKansasFree-Statemen. We dare say there are plenty more left of the same sort.TkU Mill has been in operation at a large Public Exhibition,sjidthoroughlyandpracticallydemonstrated,andpronouncedbythebeatPractical>UnersatcueMinestobe,witnoutexoeption, amemorialfromWilliamA.Howard,contestingthetbe ORRATRirr INVENTION tu.d IXPKOYXXKNT in redaoisg quarts seat of Mr. Cooper (Dem., Mich) Mr. Morris Vice-President Breckinridge have some acquaint- everwiteeasedorknown,andinvaluabletominora.a seat on the Ways and Means, to the chair oftheimportantCommitteeonPrivateLandClaims; preciselocalitymaybeleft undesignated,aswedo cooperationofthosetowhomhewrote.'"HOUSE, Feb. 11.-—Mr. Morrill (Rep. Vt.) presentedVirginia, Mr.Edmundson,Mr.Keitt,andMr.list." t h e store?" T h e reply w a s in the affirmative.Theoffence,then,hewastoldmustnotbere- establishSlaverythere,really didconspiretoYork,Boston,Philadelphia,andMobileorNew- nexed. Ifwedo,weehallheaditwiththenameofconsistently he may act in this Congress. H e doott not believe that anypropositions to obtain Southern favor that he may put forth at this late day wUl un- dermine the confidence in his hostility to Southern, demand, which has been created by his opposition toLecompton; andhehopessuchpropositionsmay dohimgoodattheSouth. Such are alwaysthe expedients of trading politicians. Now we do not believeMr.Douglas can,atthishourf placate)4Vhave already developed, and are yet developing, in the person of Mr, John Cochrane, its Chairman heard of at this office, if among our readers thereI t was thought that New-York wastaken the other place.Still w e believe w e only express a prevailing value of the article a t the port of its.shipment, a n dsource o f weakness rather than strength.It would appear that South Carolina has given up> the expectation of her Disunion Convention which the hoped would come of Mr. Memminger's mission to Virginia. The Orangeburg Southron thus solilo- quizes:"WhenVirginia,aftertheraidofJohnBrown,re- fuses to meet us in friendly debate, we confess that our hopes of a Southern Confederacy arealmostde-Yet she has not a chairman of a. single ' ' ' '•''••Estimating the average value oftheHotandCold-Blastpigsat$30pertun, the annual value of this Industry in those twohad issued the call he desired.is excitable, but in the border tier of Slave Statesthere is a large admixture of common sense. W ehave never seen in any of these border States thatfiery tendency toward excess in political action s o oftenmanifestedintheinteriorSlaveStates.Whe-ther this coolness grows out of the fact that theirfrontiers are exposed, and the knowledge that in the eventofcollisionbetweentheSlaveandFreeStates, theywouldhavetobearthebruntofany disorders ¥ thatmightarise;orwhetheritspringsfrompatri-otic motives, we wQl not too particularly inquire.The fact is satisfactory, and that is enough. L e tothers be invidious i f they will, we shall not. Y e tthese States sometimes send the worst kind of Rep-resentatives to Congress. Here is Edmundson forexample, who has done more mischief in rousingthe hatred and ill will of Northern people againstVirginia a s well a s against the Slave States gen-erally, by his unprovoked and scandalous attack on.Mr. Hickman, than he could repair iu the whole-compass of his future life, if he should betake him-self to the stool of repentance from this time for-ward. If John Brown deserved hanging for beingn agitator, then nothing short of a penitentiary woulddojusticetoEdmundson.The Washington correspondent of a leading SouthCarolina JQurnal thus deplores the growing weak-ness of the Slave States;" Day by day, year by year, and census by censae,Brownifspokenofhimselfalone,itistrueofhis 'claimstobestrictlyaRepublican. Five,othersare Furnaceisonehundred. ThetotalnumberisUntitled Document• A B E C U S A N T• It is our painful duty to announce that THEphilosophers, without its compensating gain. TheCorwin on Foreign Affairs; Mr. Stanton takes th e gain in this case will be probably n o t less than the "Meeting" in Knoxville, Term., Judge B&iley,tbe Southern Governors—and that one to the Governor of Florida had been shown to him—in which Wise said that he had an army in readiness to prevent Fre- montfi-omtakinghisseat,ifelected,anaaskingtheMiss.,) objected to!the reception of the resolutions, difficulties in Kansap, and how the Free-State men Library; and so on, forwe cannot go through tho -" you who take T H E TRIBUNE and leave it about who presided over the hanging of John Brown,andfurnishing establishment' in a side-street not far Elections; M r. C. C. Washburn takes the lead in from the Park—and we are thus particular that theMr.Haskinwilllooksharplyintothe state ofthenot propose to go into the business of Black and White List advertisements—one ofa firmthat shallTiie Committee might,wethink, explore this subjectwithsomehopeofprofit. Letusknow by the present Administration. Mr. Barksdale (Dem., of Osawatomie. They have heard, perhaps, of the Expenditures; Mr. Pettit occupies the chair of the be nameless said to a clerk in its employ, "is it officially whether that great political geniuswhodeclare by law, that hereafter foreign Iron shall himself into the nomination at Charleston, as atun,insteadofaduty,apercentageupontbeswornand children.appeal in behalf of thirty-one thousand people, as well asthemselves, thecapitalists intheworks. The average number of hands employed at eachSo these Memorialists to Congresswhich average $25 per month, will amount to$1,860,000 per annum.adelphia, and Baltimore, have in the success of this,great industry, can be seen from their reported val- uationofthedrygoods,groceries,hardware,andclothing, sold by them. These average $20,000 a it>inexhaustible iu fact and urgume_t."~TIhe must put it out of sight. The clerk inquired if Faulkner, and The Knoxville Whig attribute to him. that was to be the rule in regard to all newspapers,ern trade. Our columns are open. Perhaps,on mature consideration, we may be induced t o open ations, increase as he progresses in his undertaking. www.fultonhistory.com 