 I.< *(cently,The following resolution was adopted:line E, N. Barker, aged S years and 11 months.The funeral will take place from the residence of berL. I. The friends relatives,alwyhergraouatner,DavidC.Harris,Esq., will take the Broadway cars, at South 7th-st., Wuiiami- bureta, to Cooper av., where conveyances will be inIt seems to me that this peculiar sitnatloB of thingsIn the management of the Americaa Institote requiresa speedy remedy, or its days of usefulness and glorywlU soon vanish, or the association be superseded by mier, axed years and months.some more honestly aad jodictously conducted or- The friends and relatives of the family are Invited teBold by all Booksellers aadMo. W Park-rew'•aAI.F». New-Teifc.Pr.MM—oeuld aevarto who had peifoasheart-disease, in lhe«hy«rofneMendiandreJaUvesofOeuaRjaretavitfdto sNaadtfaefanenl, (rrai his Ute teatoenee. No. ts East Mlhit,. this (WedneaUy) moralng. at U o'dcA.AT Dooton. PnoThuttuoyedth« n»e of onr ool-9m yqj^!^ donethatihaJi—UwtShaM,niBfcsd,spitapoaby stolenit,aadveetaidayeaossdUsarrast. TheprisThaAaerieaalaatUala.The Institute will to-raorrow elect officers for the easulag year. WUl you aUow me to olier a fewof some fifteen"""atosw«lbetakeatiGresa- DntBAib—lathis City, oa Monday eveninx. Feb. 6.ICEWBd6fi&A DiMltl^MiMKtsuch a maaauia ai ttts was lost. yaat TkaaiolleaMr. A. Bbqb said the subdue theoner denied the truth oftbe aeeosatlaa, bat as soais of the bills alleged to have been stolen were tracedwSllbriatm^^ AninrDxaua.et'far tint{mipoM'of correctinstteinjusticeBapablleaasof the cIUmbs of New-tecalved tham from him. Justice BsOTAi held hiafor further examiaatioii.AI aU B«>ksd«H'aal rtrMMI-wkkhheaUegpswt»donetohiminourwriewof York. tndepeademtipblt MU theSu- Why did they mot pas* a requiringAX.v^''?.*'*^""TM'*''»f persons were waiting forremarksThe Amerteaa InsUtuto is1 FBicxnraxscents.Ite H«w-Totk Academy'* 1"' report on Swill-aim of that review was to ihow '4kA £ was essentisUr wanting in originality,laxxpiu ri(3XF00Kn.ihrougli your p^ier t composedPartLar GABSXLL'SII.I.I78TRATBB FAKII<TmfM.':-lBiia onlythe qMBty deemed most pniaewotthy in all anchMonday erealng,duringhundred paying aad lifemembers. Including many ofBEBI.B.iBStten -that it had aerrilely foUowel its prede- without having added to or subtractedon the blU. the bill asin Committee of the Whole, coasideredgitlon,fttiia except as it corroborated statements pre-1, Ai»- and last sur-"—made. Now,theresultofthefaoiUycon-Mechanics' orvtdoalysultation held upon this review has not enabled the astute vindieator of this report to mention anyCITY OOTERBriHENT.viving daughter of the late Hon.No,exceU.d, _if, Indeed, equaled." TheXvangetiHsays^Ctgt'xa evidence" not stated in the report of for extra compeasaUonre- spectfully iavited to attend herfoneral, from her tote:IStf> ok even inferential proofi) of the nnwhole- -Mlwia of Swin-milh, except such as have beenItsamong officers,1-oMaiaadbythe poHcemenfurnishedbythe Uayor'sthat of latecould utter them without in some degree lodng their character for honesty. This bill, If passed, wouldstltnte that,In this City, onFeb.•' appeared."It «M very proper for the City authorities toAMttay, after the lapse of eleven or twelve claimants for damages.;Times says Advecslesaysjaa^teftctstotheHouse, Thebilltopointment of Insoeeton of election and district can-reportpreviousweek.Clawbok, Infant son of Arthur S. and AdelineA. Tay-is Ulnstrated."TheNew-York mtumsaya;t«' aMfWl'iiBW proofbutit wasnotwell, a*we portedprovidefortheap-«thePresi- lor,aged monthsandIIdays.t^^ligr of their predecessors,azuiiBatioDfoit «t 1847, (which Q. B. Pncr says he " would jatfav lie the authw of than of ttie review ofTV '!< fimi ToL 3, part 4," and in which opinionaagiiia with Um,) and that honorable mention of Jtln'tta secondary report based upon it was a cul-Lafayette-place Rev. T. L. Cimnwill lecture ination, the further conslderatiOB of the subject was John S. Ct,Aax, the Commissioner in charge of the Jan. 211, at the residence of Dr. Wm. L. Tinker, Missvions editiona.IN ONE TOLUMX OF l.TH PAOXS.Price$tN. SeidbyaUbookaMtes.pafalathus left untouched by our yesterday's corres- jmodant, we see no reason for opening any discus-was a Democrat.The Board then adjourned.,. .190.61} 3.702 0.302 2.78S O.OISMATIONAI. POI.ICB OAZETVB CeatainsA Correct ucaaass er^ JAMES STEPHENS. WithOther ILLUSTBATI0E3 AND FULLACCOUNT OF ma LIFEA^ EXECUTION.FIBB-FROaV SAFBS.1OB the subject.FROM ALBAlSrY.dent, vrill lecture, to-morrow evening, on theStruc-iOBflllG OF THE STATE KEDICAL SOCIETYPr«oee4tevs of the I^egislature.1,000.000Albiht, Tuesday, Feb. 7. XlM State Hedical Society met in the Common- CsaBcQ Chamber to-day. Dr. J. Fokotoi Bisut, ofwere given out at the Mission Office, In Tesey-street, and the third bad left the City HaU in a coach aboutthere having been o< late very few purchasers of tick- two hours before. At this announcement there wasets. It is much to be regretted that this method of some grumbling, and in response to inquiries as toministering to the wants of the hosieless and hungry when the Committee would meet, the Clerk stated THX OVER-STRnNe GRAND PLAHO OONTBO- meets with so little favw from the public, since, with- that It would be called together by the Ctialrman. TKR8Y.out its continued and more liberal support, it will Iw Mr. Gioaes G. Sicxus, lather of^Hon. DaniuE.impossible to make these Homes a permanent institu- StcELSB, asked all who were in favor oftbe proposed An advertisement has appeared in the' dally paperstion. Tickets may be bad of Mr. ALvan Wxsmaa, altoratlon of Ann-street to hold up their hands. To forblddisf manafactorers of piano-fortes using the luXed Ires si ohargs, by aendlag to—Teafc, Preatdeat, called the meeting to order,Card ft«m Jaha B. DaahaiB.itaaiMivand an address. It was an able paper, and was lawlved with applause.JAMXXDUNOAir. Olienlan, esatalainc lehemaa (or ths aBth,willbsA eaBoalttw of one from each judicial district was-afpafeiiedta nport Homlnatlans.The Coaaalttee on Credentials reported that there'wsaa «• hundred delegates in attendance, among IhOB On. J. Fordyee Barker, Joel Foster, J. IfcNul-Clerk to the St. Paul's Mission Office, No. 31 Vesey- this there was no response. Tben Mr. Sicxlxs re- bass over-strings in their instruments.WOOD, EDDY A 00., WllBlBXtaB, DeL. or Aaxasta, 8a.STEARNSWILDER PATENT SALAMAHDEX BAnS,Samuel R. Percy, T.W.Riek^ tr^itil^ Lee, N. C.Haitsd, BUiha Haiiis, aad JahftS.CMseaaa,ef New-Toik; aad Bamael Hart, Ihaaw I.. Mmsb, Wbl H. I>adla7, Joha BaU, andJota A. Bndy, of Brodiyn.L Import was made en the subject of establishing aan of Iiunaey, and the resolotions accom- [thesameaietobedlsenisedonWednesdayT>a Mhject of criminal abortions was referred te a i^itBlal Cooimittee.-]Ninr-¥a(fc Academy of Medicine, containing the re- part a( the CcHualttce en City Milk.Or. GaisaeH amioaneed that the Commoa Council of Maw-YaA bad forwarded one haadred copies of the npart of the ivoeeedlngs and debates of the thirdITatlaaal Quarantine and Sanitary Convention.A vate of thanks was then passed to Dr. GbiscokLiqvor Dealers' Election.AN INCUB8I0H or DEAD BABBITS—HXADB AND MS BALLOT-BOX BBOEIN ABO TBB BALLOTS DZ-WII.I.IA1H AI<I.EN BUTI.ESj Author of " Nothing to Wear."BSQ..1;r,^inB.Boekwen,thing, as there is at the present timeAN OVEE-STBUNO GRAND FLkNO.'AftS. K. PsaoT Reseated the transaetl(ms of thePrsvrietsn. Maiohxs, Jaanary,traaaaeUoas of the Medical Societies of New-Jersey, thus not labor and only savingIn Arabella's. He reduced every paper published m Mississippi, (sixty la aa>- maliciously ber.) and papers, magasines and penodtoals Itomthe passage of any act lor the removal ot the East poses a fine u! $25 upon each delinquent company, andand satirical sketches the $1,000 Reward will be paid to any person that can moral of our daily life. He says :and shadows of theand prosperous condition.Every man icnows his own business best, bat, withthese facts before you, would it not be your toterest te. advertise, at least your card, in the FREE TRABEX t: Foradve^tistogcaresorothermattertotheWEEK-LY, (10 lines to the square,) twenty five pereeat-belac added vhentheadvertisementappears to aoTXDAILT and WEEKLY:1 or le&s, one sixBlvcr steamboat landings.A bill to incorporate the Industrial Fund Associa-tion was reported against, and the report agreed to. A majority of the Judiciary Committee submitted a wrtttCB report in favor of the passage of the resolu- tioB to amend the Constitution in relation to the Ju-tticiaiy.Mr. CoLvis makes a minority report against theThe bill to amend the firooklyn Water Act was re- jportsd complete for the consideration of the Senate.Mr. Abkll reported favorably on the bill to re- <lace the fare on the Bn&lo and Erie Railroad.ASSEMBLY.Aluitt, Tuesday, Feb. 7.The bill to compel the attendance of witnesses before Coamion Councils was ordered to a third read- lag. It repeals Uie law made in 18» for the City of ITaw-Torfc.Progress vras made on the bin to amend the act toprevent and punish prize-fighting. A debate sprungup because the bill compels parties to the fight to tes-tify before Grand Juries. Tlds was declared to be anInfilBgcBeat of the existing principle, which protects parties from criminating themselves.aet—ftnriihn eoaapaales to navigate lakes and riv-ets; It is ta be made to Island Sound. applicable LongIt «af afpofed beeaose It did not eontahi the person- al HaUHtr clause.pelled from the Department.Thk Gkbmans and thk Elh-stbikt Disas-WB.—The meeting which took place at the Volks- Gardenlasteveningbadbutaslimattendstnce. Thetirely new Board of Officers ; men who have the inte- rests of the Society at heart, and whose namet are on theinclosedticket,whichiarespectfullysubmittedfor your approval and support.On the other hand It is claimed that there is no dis-lawsthat the minority only desire to get the control of. theshow that Herring's Patent Champion Safe ever failed tu preserve its contents in an accidental fire.S. C. EBRR1N6 & CO , Patentees and Manufacturers of Herring's Patent Champion Fire and Barglar-Proof Safes, No. 351 Broadway, corner of Murray-st., opposite the City HaU, New-York.FermaaeDt Ineurance-The ALUM PATli:>T FIRE and" The truest and ComedyThe bill authorizing named to partiesO'Kxxri held an InquestTATAL FALL.Vtn.IN aiXTH-ATIHITX.as soon as their t>acks were so were the tables. " turned,Abodyof DeadRabbits,"saidtobeintheInterestoftbe liquor dealers of Hibernian extraction, imme-died diately appeared the of them upon scene, manyarmed with pistols, unceremoniously dragged the committee-men who had charge of the ballot-wix fromevery facility Apply toa double liack in Brooklyn, through Grand-street to Newtown,^was taken up, but no action was hadXaaas, of Kings, stating that the Coounon Council ihad fivea the fianehise to other parties.Okorgxyesterday at No. 2S0 Stxty-third-street, in 'eonse-Office Me.arrr'a Trleapkeiaaa is theH West asd-st.STRONGS.lb. Hamtoaii introduced a bill to Stale Board of Claims.for aShortlyMondaycation of the Laws HeUUve toA FRXSND IN MEEI»-VRT IV.DR. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LIND»NT, the gnatIt^^manon Caaaatal^ers ofFellee Reports. INCODBAGISO TOUTBFnL BKTXBPBiaB.tution, calledDISMAL SWAMP INSURANCE CO.SOLOMON SLOWFOOT. frssidcnl.aaynT-Jdtal^ITew-Tork. It for the providesjSh.^i^'^^ "/""«"authorizingthe ness, > alued at t2S. The lad was searched^ and a For John Decker larve nnmber of skeleton keys were fouua in his For John C. Cregler pockets. Subsequently the same officer arrested For Alfred Carson1,4S9 383642The suf-k &>., No. 1 Tessy-st.. Astor Bouse. Mew-York.Batehetor'a Hair Dvai ^Tlss aad TaapMa.- Ihis oelat^ted estakUahment is ramoved to No. 1* ood-st. Twelve private rooas tat the appUoation otrideofsad«on oMferw-York, under thePauperism. Introduced a bill relative to the Emigration and the Marine Hos-UNIVERSAL hShmER CONo, 4»Broadway.of the new insti-trees the efDr.STEeHEKSWEET,ofCoaneeUent.thsoelebrMsiappointment by tteOovenior, with the consent of the Senate, of threeWm. Cole was on Monday evening apprehendedl mCowia^anIhjBlcians of the MarineSPLUBGE. Secietir^-."STCMP CORNERSome dietence from New-lork, neighborhood oflonera toact in connectionCOL. ZACHARIAHhold office for three years, and who with theHealthOfficersandpicionof broken into the stable of Mr. F. Nu- havinginThirty-second-street,nearThird-avenue,ontwo hours.The whole number of votes eastdescription forperBaneDt retentioa of rupture, bathing tmsaea,supporters,shonlder-braeec,suspensorybaada- ges, stlk elaatls knee anklets, and aRRICHARDSOTr. * Morwieh,Ocnn. ForsalebylfO»-Hospital.m a biafent. and a set of silver-mounted har- unday night, stolenstockings, caps,2,101 sargical appliances soientUleally applied, by MABBHC0..'Proprietor8.6AN h ACLEM, F. C. WXtLS A CO..»eirta whole or in^"^'T?^?'' °"«TM1«. and which Ues out-MajorityCregierSNlPJiS. "CO.,to the trade'a large and wel •'•"'"""^SSis FANCY GOODS, gkMSBDWNs'rSABTK&TGUARDOHAINa.p«t reclaimed and fiUed In, either "are now prepared to offerthegrant,madetotheaaierstoed aadCorpora- Montgomery Charier, of 3T»,or by any other charier or grant to the citya^olningfor the victorious candidate, while those of the hose companies were secured for Mr. Caxotxa.properlyTiBvis—By mail, $2 a year ble in auvacce.lands inquestlon to be pledged to secure said bonds.The following blUs were acted upon in CommitteeXaUioad—thirdThe Earcka Celebrated Sewtng MacbiBes, price $50, complete. Partiei not having full amount, can t>e accommodated. OIBce. No. 4S9 Broadway. Agents wanted. Address D. J. LBVY, Superintendent.Snffce.—Five«f the—Post RicBuosn, 8. 1. ,e.2KUi'LdS*;SS?.«'V'?^tuS'*Wg&rAAHt Far ads hi OOMEAD FOX. Me.Whole: To amend the act to facilitate the constroctlon of the Lake Ontario and Hudson RiverttISvESTBANDaEadD.aU dmgglata siBarclay-at.,Xellglous"= 50:* 6«»Gayter'a BellaBee (Salamanderior theMr. A. A.'lastgentle-TotaU «.W 1.614Tn-U^I U n«fUliig» *» "155100 Maiden-lane.day certotocure.Bpenoaghle to cipherappointee correcliy. LosUI.OIT TOII.tilreading. .. .To amend theGeneral provideH s.o*)e.-si* 1,1« 11,391 S.I 19ISL7tMxiBas moved to amend itwineg'assTHOMAS J0HN8qirAga^_ABTOK HOUSE. _ _ The friends and patrons of this Hotel are respecMURyappointees toMr. ClUJOon moved that theDlfl)eM«-l««.l,»JJ 61 f.1 Prilnw>V«oeta^o« 3aMutual.OlBceSo.Sold by all the Druggists. r 6pot No 56 Cortlardt-st.^iitaiihe. f,Vj?^ T"*^ ='"'« ""' tbetrisl. It is CompanyOCl i.:^ia It;1.143both Of aaratogi'?.Jcclilty" after the read.ng -^i ^.,;.^..Agreed to.Mr. Catuoon remarked that the6,fi76 917 M.UiCB SissHAM bprings.to fiLiiA TuArss,so as to re- speak the German languageThe purelyEqaitableAesaraoce WBroadway.Society,WM.V. TOWNSE.VD. Price aand60 cents.had offered this evening had been proposed ingood nrst iectljn beMr. Jorsthan Whittle, of No. 3thrt i^e rop.de a .sociable callu.Trn Mr.acquairtancp of his, a few eveningt since, and thatand puigical services. wer<* ^ff.irded grntv^touplyMr*. F-uzsaiTu. widuwof the late SamL Mllliaiik,TO BE DISPOSED t.leSLnriy*licK bTinX ««£,""£ f"= "^ ««»»*-faith. He moved that so much oi the KIriekea out as required the Supenihors t„Kiruslreet, allege."laybe No. 93 Masaau-st.upon it,—ofprovidebonds, theCity Dla^asarlea.RIFORT FOB TBX HONTU OF JANITART.Mr.a 45Foist, German, years age,Mr. Bniiola introduced a bill for the Protectionthe Pttrohasers of Fertilizers. It provides for the ap- DixsHAST. The building and contents were totallvnotice will contlnDS to serve.ofJieteteent of a Measurer of Manure by the Mayor of 2few-York. ^^\^_^Mr. Gobs introduced a bill to provide for atJertlfi-Mr. WzsT, and occupied as a hat factory by Jobb.Fire Departnwat ElectlOB. JOHN DBCKBB CHOSEN CBIXF XNGUniB.The election of Chief Engineer of the Fire De- partmenttookplaceyesterdayevening. ThevotingSTORYat VIRYPRICES, __„„,,,.pervisor* toappoint Inspiectorsof Election tMr. MnuKiB the Leglslsture had a right thoughtIn thisAiWTS BooAXT, a. D., in thethe Fnlttm ferry-boat onto legtalato for New-York when she was unable to the pjevatenoeof tl^e fog, one Mr. JohaMan, an Bng- the ablest and tiest nten the City and country afford, anxien.es),City.ea Taesday, Feb, 1. after »br:ef uttryev of bisgovern herself property. ,p^^ p jjnet capital of at least »loo,000. It has heretofore done elBcient service to the puoUcIsMr. VoosHiss, of New-Tork, speaklagAt a late hour the Committee reportedcustody, and Justice BastrsAHheld him through Its annual fairs, lu Farmers' Club, and its av.veryamended, The House,valuableJames Ouane. BerremainswillbetakenfiramherIttoresidence,and evidence, and for the Academy The body of the bill was stricken out, and so re-a decrease of lU as compared with theand means for ventionsanddiscoveries.;Mfll ttink, for the new Committeetothecharterofthe Agreeably Institute,Smith,—In Brooklyn, on Sunday eveninx, FebwS, of diphtheritic croup, EuiABrrn, aged 8 years and 15"For ite extreme cheapness aad the eAtiaeid«* to ignorevassers In the and Cityof thewant of security in the locks and fastenings of thethreedent, the Vice-Presidents, the RecordingSecre-laay Ite countless ninstrations, valaihfcand recommeaded its passage-Polytechnic AssocUtion,Forbeanty and taste in all ite has partsof sections It providesto the contractor, who has encountered hard-pan instead of common soft earth:the blU to proride the speedy compleUon 20 and 21 of Oswego Canal enlargement.Is a deplorable &iliue In3026tb'av,,tothe(aDllyvanltatEaatllbester.We hope this Bible will of American homes,"as contracted for.Mr. Lav remarked that themembersorder to have it maintain and assumeFeb. at is 9,—Mabt, aged *» years, 6 months and 10 days.taken to BskjauibHoly Scriptures." TheKew-Yorkcome so obnoxious,verypersonsfrom the Institutions„MAtrrTuesday,7,ofBoard of Supervisors, belag taken ap, Mr. Cous (ofattentton tono aurePenitentiary, callingit. The"timewasted"bythe New-York)movedtoamendthesecondsectionof cellsinthatInstitution,aadtothebeautywhen they havedayswhether,in twooutoftheseventrusteessal- ofPeterandMarvSmith. mmrsCountytary, the Correspoadteg Secretary and the Treasurer eonslitate a Board of Trustees. Now I would askonLvnnpH, agedSyears. 6 months and 25 days, ebildrenthisevening,attheReformedPresbyterianChurchin Twelfth-street, for the benefit oftbe charities sus- tained by the Yoimg Men's Christian AsaoclaUon offortwoweeks. AfteralongdebateastotheproprietyofCoaRxiiAF.BLonexn. Futurenoticewillbegivenofthefnneralsarvioes." A in the Rev. the church. Subject— Day Alps."....One thousandCahpbiij., Esq., axed 35 years, second sen of Wm. Campbell, Esq., of TiBiechewan.OFFIOIAL DRAWINOS. BT TKLESSAIbOF THB I.EOAUZBD I<OnnUUES« WOOD, EDDY A 00„ Maaagan,oftts DELAWARE,eEOBSIA,KEMTUOKTandMISWKm...842.585tendent PiiLSBUsi yesterday isiued a general order directing the Police to report every company, in fu- ture, that may offend in this way. The ordmance im-down by the prestnt officersits ExperienceIt baa existed andextensivelycircnlated for aquar-wordshca^-pan had be-fewamoiigtheGreenwood.Evtnrng nut says :The cheapest pubUcatton of the kind whish hasNew-York, by thethe totalofedition of the Sacred Book saa befbaad."parts oniaaion. As the main fact of our review is " Politics and Religion,'' to-morrow evening, at Dr. that the man was to be discharged simply because he Chlorideof sodiumHaray Waxb Bbsobu will deliver his lecture on Hathsld's chiuch, comer of Ninth-avenue and Thir-followingChloride of calcium Chlorideofmagaesium Sulphate of limeSulphate Sulphateofmagnesia 1Canonateof iron BromineSUicia and organic matter WaterAt the Veterinary College, No. 7S West Twenty-thlid-street, Capt. Ral8W!i, the Presi-ty-first-streetALDERMEN'S COMMITTEE ON STREETS. TBB FBOPOSia WIDKNINO OF ANN-STBBIT—NO Quosnii.The annotmcement that the Committee on Streets would meet at 2 o'clock P. M., yesterday, to consider the propriety of widening Ann-street, called together a large nnmber of property-owners at the appointed" tureandFunctions of the Horse's Foot." Thelec- ture wUl be illustrated by preparations, drawings andof sodatransparencies,8t. Paul's Hokis rosPooB Uiir.—The neces-JAcademy was thus plessantly and brilliantly vaiiedln the course of the evening, when the rosy little clouds of mercurial fairies aad onmaaageably enthusiaatlc imps gave place to the more familiar aspects of a " balfat the Academy ;" and the affair was, in all particulars, a pretty and pleasant saceess.posed mostly of Germans and Americans, aad out- GoniA for the Dudley Observatory, the Newbrough numbered Uielr adversaries astrung graad Piaaos to all who may desire them. JOHN B. DUNHAM,Description of theFUNGUS DIAMONDS, FEATHERS and BROCADES.imssissiFPi ntEK tkaobk. WEEKLY $3, DAILY $8 PES aITNITM. IN A DVABOX.A TO THK CouHTiNO-BOOiC.— HiL^BlBcer'sMondaTRADES, publisoed every day in the week except I day and Monday, m the City of Natekex, eoauaaad themselves to the people of the Unkta, of tus 8eaJk« the Stete of MIsaisaippi, aad espedally and parttotfailr of the Conxressisoal District of the S{ato la which thsgr arepublitbed,andtothecommercialrossmilty•(tha South, as a medium of tofermation, aasar-Orleans.stable's, he discovered that there were fifty yards in The FREE TRADER has probably the laisaitMA^Without attempting the elaborate results of Mr. Babbaoi or that yet more noted engine, secured by ProfessorNe.lHo I sewing aianhiuesThe ftuallj sewing saaehlne, A The bmBy sewing machine HemminggaugesCalculator,ofwhichMessrsFsazib&Co.,ofNo.341Broadway,by large majority. MostoftheopposiagpartywereIrish. Thefollowing statement wtdcb the latter had causedto be circulatedfO 4very cold day, than like a yotmg lady ot one hundredaretheproprietors,is acapitalarithmeti-eertaialy passed, if at all equaled, outside of the City et •*•aad Iks aatborlties of New-Tork.Several communications from dlflerent county once startling and satisfactory to the accountant, it among the voters defines their position :—cal aid. With unerring accuracy and with a rapidity at {todaUes were presented and referred, as also the adds the longest and broadest columns of figures,The attention of Members of the New-York Liquor Dealsrs' Society is respectfully called to the following facts, viz.:Impartaat ta Tallen and Others.The Brover A Baker Sewing Machine Company have andTaking these and other circumstances into considera- for a second offence says that its members shall be ex- tion, it has been determined, if possible, to elect an en-lightswas called to memorialize the Legislature in favor of a bill prohibiting the erection of buildingscrepancy in the statements of the Treasurerthat there is a certain amount of money -" on hand " and in which the tenants must perish in case of sudden another certain amount In the hands of Trustees,three six months, $18 50; thraameeting;square year, $15 months, $, 59.months, $10;A Committee of eleven was appointed, toThe following sums have been received at this officemonths, $12 50.3 squares, one year, $33 ;fires.whamanother meeting to report the result of their lat>or.theAssociation ; andsummons takes you in the middle of to-morrow from theagreeably to theDonations fob thz Elh-stezit SnyrERSss.— funds for their own purposes. The electionthree months, $35i0:.threathematter waswith to call powergoverningBURGLAR PROOF SAFEsix months, $2t ; sixreferred,;months, $16 60.6 00|J. H. (family S 00 MUaos-'W6 00 10 00%»3 50best beloved vanishesin the mistGen. WOOD, the Editor, can lie found, notil Saturday next, at the Astor House,I M| mj^^^Second-hand Safes of other makers for sale at halfREV. STEPHEN H. TYNO, D. D., contributes the second article of his series ofFAMIUAR LETTERS ON SUNDAY SCHOOLS. These interesting, popular and practical letters con-of the molt suc- cessful conductor of Sunday Schools In the country, ought to be in the hands of every Sunday School Super- intendent, teacher and scholar, and every minister inSERMON.This week's paper will coauin also a verbatim re-port of the two interesting and touching speeches made by Mr. Baecber to bis congregation on Sunday morning and evening, in reference to theTO-DAYCoroners' Inquests. suiciDiorAshoihakib.;Sarly yesterday morningDavid Schkxbs, who resided at No. 144 Church-street,;Financial Secretary. PatrickIN xvxai aoou. Mannfaetoredbrthesnch a spleodiawhere also heacommitted suicidereceived on the 2Sth O'KxHS Investigated the ease.STRONG'SNew stock of VALSNTI.N'FS ooeneddestroyed. The building was worth abou t #400;"A narrativeTHE COMMEBCUL DEPARTMENT,not insured for (900 in the Standard Insurance Co. The causeinsured. Mr. DisxaAaT's loss is about (I ,S0O of the flre has not been discovered.by any one,THEODOEK TILTON.No. 35» Canal-st.Toappointment of Inspectors of Election and Jrriaay on achargf of having embezzled »4,300, by ho. FcBUla FaUenU-Society Act—third reading.... Canvassers In the City ol New-York.usofflce, No. 82f" «. Li""!* Atrte! on his books. He wa» heldNo. •f Mate F»tItiHl.l.M«allo i.omhundred have been net one ha- ever failed are tested, :cuaUfic^ticn.amenJineat!. heapproi.nated funds to a far supposed.Kumter ofFrcscrlpl''ii DIi>,i;f,;-i,'«n-cS.T,61SS21»t.4*0»S ocmotn •t..«fm< i-<•:"iBAIB DYK, WIG ANBwasin fl.OOD ball to answer. On the MondayBroadway,apprehended"? J. ,.°'='^*TM«' bis surety appeared io Court, and asked to be releasedwas from the "bond. Officer Barrowaccordlngiy sent to take the accused again IntoTr I.TIK ij at i.i»S.<4> ISl 60 If! r.-wtLifea German, named nomineesVice up Isa followingPresident. A. Lissrthan and at to eaik"*""."!• *!• detected In the act of stealing a wallet. ronlalniug tl3, from the pocket of Mr. James Laa- gan, a resldMit of WlUlamsburgh. He was Ukea Intosou has an availableThe relatives aad Mends of the family are reir>«ctfally icvlied (o attend the fnneral, onTbunday afteraoon. a( 2 o'clock, from his late rssioeoea. No. us Uadison-The iriridter*oettr JKsgsxiMSays: " No Pictorial Bible we have see* will <—CELLS IN TBX PBIBONS KXTKNBION OF THXLONATIC A8TLUH.Thewhich was presented to the Board of Governors yes-enrolledknown and understoodI would that It is well say" residence. No. 3i7 Weit 13th-Bt, on Thursday morning, of theweekly report* Inon" tlie first' report so £u as to ask the open the door of (he treasury to hordes of kard-ftn terday, showed that the number of persons remaining honest, disinterested and capable men be called to Its (Wednesday,) at \0% o'clock A. M. Friends and ac-postponedSalt Works, has had prepared, by competent chem-of the saline waterists, an acalysis recently discov-ered in ihe new near New-York. boring Montezuma,"GET THEG. Sc C. lWKaaT*llf> Spriagtsld. Maa.ofPwnrasi was also reported on the bill to amend the ing from a wagon while intoxicated. Coroner resisted, destroyed the ballot-tiox, and ran off with the ForDRESSIMO. BkAUTIFYTNG, CLEANING, CURL-^uenceinjuriesult., byfall-their stools, visiting dire punishment upon all whoBEST AMD CHEAPEST ABTIOLXeusiody, and yesterday succeeded min B.-ookJyn. Jusiico Connoilt subsequently fully XuQiberor AdDltii.,.l^M41 1 nn Ml i.oaiMARRIED.4.11U SliEJHAN—Tbatsb.—In thisCity. on Sunday, Feb. a,4 9IS at Trinity h> Rev. Frederick Oideoy, CoansBUSHTON'S COD I.ITBK Oil- *»o» CONSUMPTION.should be''ord, -with since the first arrest ofcapturingcommitted the pritouer forHawkins thestated that Ki-niber f.rrblldi^o.l.^iOO Np. Nali,r Pntlent* .1.6.V)has Mu. P»t'.cDO;.J,<l)l ForrlRnKo.wnltoU"^)!*].. TiSChBr'hl»;'.rB«' tl-at he hasgreater amount than was at firstAN CNPKOFITABLX CALL.During the month rf Jani^ry, as abort 'howa, medical vaccluaUon aud meo:-Untitled Documentto 11.591 rersic.-. Tne principal causes of I'eath were consumprton andFACTORY reajrvei tc Private h»ir-dvetox roomi.No.—.ifc-r furKTCB BOX;W:a. Sraitli.an cirein lLrb5d ytaiof her ar-f- . .ertlstivei aod friends of the family are invlteo to;M. H. UCHTEBSTEIK,;models,examining arid testing new in-makingaried officers, there Is not great danger of their wield-of their delay the period when any beneficial re- to employ profossora of eloenUoa aad penmanship for cell In either the old or new wings but can be the trustees ahooM all be dlalnlerested men, holdingsuit couU have been obtained firom the Board of the purpose of examtnuig the appt^tees, and that no opened buyt twhereprisoners. Two prisoners escaped re- conservative power in the Institute, and whether aa Feb. 7, MsvTK, eldest efaUd ef William Jay and Caro^TheIndepaUentsaysrThe most desirable Illustrated Bale ever i-rtrtnally copied jl^nl Committee, too,argent nocecaity"st., Brooklyn. Relatives and friends of toe family are family use."would have been entirely the billtheaadfor taking measurestaamedlatelyto(heFnneral thisfrom the (Wednesday) afternoon, aTS "clock,Ibaith had passed.We do not intend to enter into any doctors'a fixed would imt render salary,into which the writer in yesterday's payer would seem to be leading the ^eation by his vituperative remarks, which may perhaps be excused as a filial defence of a parent, but which ftem to us to foil to meet the question raised in^joanda,""ReMlved, That the Committee on authorisedtohavethedoorsofthecellsappropriatsdto prisoners coBusltted fbr capital otfenoes made more se- cure.It Is suggested to have the door-ways covered with wire net-work, so as to preveat visitors from handing aaything. without the knowledge of theparente, Cooper-av., Bidnwood,andeoatalniagreadlagwriting qaaUlca-placeprisonwhere four onlyresidence of their parente. No. 87 Cranberry-rtant. had it not been that in consequence tton, so that the Board of Supervisora be anOiorised In a state of security. He stated that there is aot a ing an undue influence in a Boaiaw^iifa constituto a majority? Would it not be better thattovited to attend.Baxxskv—At Ridgewoad, L. I., on Tuesday nwmins,. .. CASSELL,PPeBriTsTdlEcKatfDtealsn.one should be considered unless such per- qualifiedson could read and write one hundred and Sfty words parminute. Lost.CITY INTELLIGENCE.recaptured.actuary or agent employed by the trustees, or electedLxcTiniBS.—Mj. William Cubtis Nona is to Eilaoners tSu were for theeepers. appropriated purpose.ScSAN CAao3uxi, dauxb1t0er of Jesse and Cornelia Panl-deliver a series of lectures, te an advertise. The Committee «n the Lunstic a according Asylum presentedattend the funeral, on Wednesday, Feb. 8, at3 o'clock gulsbed persons at Modem Ubm.-our nviaw, that the originality of the adentific meat vrhlch will be seen in our columns, at the Co- plan for the extension of the building under their ganization.A MEMBER, P.M., from tberesldenceof her parente, No. 134Wayne- Peculiar use at words and teiau ia the BiUs. -_of svnU-milk is in Dr. OASmoat's ra-St.. Jersey City, N. J. other new features, together with all the saattar s(aa»- — ^^ing the or the stone work on Deputy-Superlntendantthe new Island on the ground that the stone Hospital,No. 30 Park terrace, Glasgow, Scot-work is nearly finished, the matter was postponed for two weeks, at the request of Gov. Daoao, who allegedof the saline water contain theDealers' Association was to have taken place yester-the Metropolitan Rooms, No. 160 Hester-street The Assoclatton, whose members number about 6,000, wasdlvideu into two parties in the support of rival can- didates for Treasurer and some of the minor offices : t>oth supported the same candidates for President andUM IN OntheriversandrailroaMdIs8,8tIoSSslIaFePeIs!ofbnshiesiaa<for tlie other offices. Thepartywhich favored the re-sewingelection of all the officers of the last was com- yearyesterdayinvitation. Pill—InthisCIty.onTuesdaymorning,_ Feb.The Mew-Yerk Bim saysCityPrisonsbeGET THE BEST." WEBSTER'S UNABKIDOEB DICTIMUAMYMEW PICTORIAL EDITION...««.^'ii!''J2<'""" niCBiaATioxa. »,WT»abtloe1o0fM» new words to the voeabalary.synonyms, by Prof. SooBaua. Table giving pronunciation of names o( g,MIlumbia College Law-Scbool, recently established in speeial care. The necessity for an extension Is ac-knowledged by all, but In order to give time for exam- Impobtant Disoovxet at MoNTXzxnfA. ^Mr. BLOsorn.-At Havana, Island of Caba, en Thursday,discharg-BEST." GETWKBSTlB.sity of having homes of this kind is strongly illustratedin the large number of applications dally received forfood aad shelter. The Superintendent states that hour. None of the members of the Comniittee, how- it being perfectly neutral to test paper. The saline ths loUawlBg are the BusriMn drawn Uils dayever were present, and after waiting some time, theClerk rose and stated that it was not probable thatthe Committee would hold a meeting on this occa-2,900. A large portion of these tickets, however, sion, as two of the members of it had gone to Albany found, the color is probably due to the minute portioaduring the month ending Jan. 31, the number of per- sons presented by tickets at the two Homes, No. 397 Peari-street and No. 81 TUrd-avenue, amounted tostreet, in packages of 26 for $1.Kb. FsBBSto's Soibkx.—Mr. Fkbbibo, whosedelight and glory It ii to teach the young ideas of this progressive City how to polk and waltz, yesterdayquested those who were opposed to it to do likewise, and nearly ail present signified their opposition to the measure.> This oard is to inform the public and the manutacta- rers that the improvement of the over-strings la graadpianos is open to all,and that all the prolonged dlscoasiea ef their merits as an American invention aaeiuts to ae-dfcHAKTIR'S*butKew-Haaapahlre, Connecticnt and Tennessee. with the wearisome toll of verification. The Instru- At oar last regular meeting the Treasurer reported just introduced a new and saperior Shuttle Machine, this to feet, and ascertained that the total of the State to the as well as several evsiF-Dr. MasoB, of Brooklyn, read a commaoication from the Kings County Hedical Society, being a Illsmay having only $M)0 on hand. Findinc that the Soctery targe sixe, high speed, with latest improvements. Pricelength Union,nals. It furnishes its readers with all the lahat.dms,ment occupies less space than a quarto ledgertwenty-fivebeworkedbyachild;Is not subject to derangement was dissatisfied with his report, he has since called a f». For sale at NO. 496 BROADWAY, Mew-York. two dresses was just two hundred and twenty-five feet, fullest and most reliabledispensing;or fracture, and is afforded at very little more than special meetirg, and then and there stated that theretelegraphic dispatchea. It has able and vigorous correspondents aaft writers, whose communications ever instmet, ia- ACCOUNT OF THB BAI.I. AT GEN. tere&t and delight. Thus it is a news, acrisul-tory of the measures adopted by it for the Increase the cost of an academical arithmetic. — were Eleven Thousand Hollars in the funds. The causeaal dilEnslon of medical knowledge amongst its Fibk Engines on thx Bidiwales. The Com- of this discrepancy is totally unknown to the Society at Great Fire In Fulton and Ann-streets.turai, commercial, scientific, literary and iinlltiniT uaa pendium. supplying the place of many papera, aa4 meeting the requirement; of the general reater. Ila politics are unmistakably defined as true to the South. andwill rep*yand does repay patrons ahandre-1-fold.Mew-YOBX, Jan. 30, 1S60.SEMATE.AiBAHT, Tuesday, Feb. 7.A score of remonstrances were presented agai mstmemben, and of Its attempts to add to the genera' fnad of professional information.missioners of the Fire Department, a few days since,large.As the majority of the Society were under the Im-Messrs. S. 6. Hsaaiso & Co.G111TI.XHIN : The printing establishment, No. 113 Ful-addressed a communication to the Follse authorities,varloos subjects, the meeting then adjourned till 10 In which they stated their inability to secure obedience, come of all the money ? faov has it been spent, or what Robert Bonner, of the New- Y&rk Ledger, was yesterdayThe house holds 600After listening to the reading of several papers on A. M. Wednesday. ^^^^^^^sand Dollars on hand, the question arises. What has be-ton-st. and No. 46 Aun-AC. occupied hy oarselves and;1,500 are invited.presbicn that we had at least Twenty or Thirty Thou-benefit has the Society reaped from the squandering of morning consumed by firesuch an amount ? was totally dsstroyed. Onr liooks, papers, and someOF THBevery fireside to all South Mis- siB&ippi, as well as in the river parishes ef T "uisiSBS : and It permeates the entire Southern States. It is. therefore, a JlIIlIUM FOR ADVERTISING, snch asoa the pari of the firemen, to the ordinance prohibitingthe running of engines upon the sidewalks, and askedthe intervention of the Police. Accordingly, Superin- meetings, that a Committee be appointed to examine CbampioB Safes, ant, after being exposed for 30 hoursand has a library for the farmer, the mechanic andthescienUficman. WithaUthta,however,therethis wealth andDICBIA8X IN TBI IN8TIICTI0HB INSKOlTBtTT OF With all due respect for the able and talented men The friends and acquaintances oftbe&mily arefindawelsaaeinTheWhen complete wiU iHstGOVERNORS OF THE ALMSHOUSE. —making tion sufficiently available.posi-Feb.7, Uaxia, wiWfaesosfotK;l.i-aaln this City, on Tuesday.afherIte; councils an4His remains will be taken tofrom his late residence. No. 258 West Wth it., this day,under the care of the Board on the 4tfa of February secured for holding its annual fairs, a repository for tion.everywas 8.320of theA communication was received from the WardenA motion has been made and seconded at one of our hundreds of dollars in bsnk-blLs, were in one of yourthe books of the Society, and was immediately criedto the fiery ordeal, has delivered npthe lo&s of a dollar. singlewithout teaches us weto any examination to divine.!For what reason. Is left foryonwant no other Safe but yours.WYNKOOP, HALLENBECK A THOMAS.ter of a past, and centuryisinasutratantial, permaneatduring the day passed off very quietly. All day long the liquor dealers came, deposited their ballots and went;4 one squares,year, $40;without failing in a single instance to preserve its con- for the benefit ol the sufferers by the recent fire in and towards nightfall the knowing ones surmised that tents. It is alsomonths.$2250.til the hand you are grasping with the firmest hold slips Half c'dumn. one year, $75; six mootos, $50; tiireewithout a moment's warning from your own, and theBlm-streetPrtvloasly acknlg'd.$62 onin. 1£. i for the Farrott 6 00President, Matthews; Rec. Secretary, Gus. A. Trus- ties, N. R. Bunce, F. Ryan, JohnHoeft; Finance Committee, A. H. Clark, John Merchant, Wm. VanNameBut the friends of the rival candidates were deter-:B.-M. F Cloth House ASubscriberPmLip W. Ehob Treasurer, Richard French> Proprietors aad CAMPBELL MARSH.! Publishers.the old officers were reelected as follows :ENTLKELY FREE FROM DAMPNESS,months, $37 60.£. P. WOOD.Raetz:Financial Secretary', David S. PaigeALUM PATENTARE WELL KNOWN TO DO.Patrick Mulvlhlll;tainingthe results of theexperienceopportaaity Call and examme, at No. 88 Nassan-st.Trustees, Thos. B. Kerr, Patrick Begg, Francis Rupert; Financial Committee, Peter Dolan,yield TAUJNTINES !McLoughlin;P. O. addreis,Box No. 3.600.Nt. 48 Oedar-it.keptby cutting his throat with a shoe-knife. He died at Henry Hugbes, William Balrd ; Setgeaat-at-Arms, The Gyneclan Saaatarlnmtshoe-shop,James Sanford.A force of Fourteenth WardESPECULLY INSTITUTED FORV-VLEKTINES •• THIS DAY, at—who are averse altogethercontentsVice-President, Alex. M. ;and ry, if deposited in it. as all other safes than the;;and does not. therefore, injure books, papersjewel-receding form of the and darkness,"Sergeant-at-Arms, David P. McBrien.theiroriginalcost,At the old esUblished Dep5t ofT. w. Strong, Mo. » NastausuVALENTINESminednottogiveit so. TheweretheirBpaldlaa'a Frepareti SIae>:Treasurer,OnniiFos sals xvsarWHxaa.kH. CSPALDWe 00,ever,the New-Yoik Hospital in about three hours after hehad inflicted the wound. Deceased was about M)years of age, and it is l)elieved that he was promptedto self-destruction in consequence of having been de-serted by his wife a few months since. Coroner break it, returned to the Station house at sunset, and ef both country and City life, and is provided with contributes his ustialin cttizeiu' day, prepared to preserve the public peace if any should attempt toL4DIE8,stockSTRONG'S Old Depot.policemen, clothes, which had been in the house allIs now for ths reception of patients. The institB- readythe Frotettont Church.REV. HENRY WARD BEECHSRopen No.ING, PRESERVING AMD BK8T0RIM6 THB HAIR. Ladies, try it. For sale by all draggists and perfumers.Wheeler &: Wllaaa'a Sewtng MaeUaes. ney are the favorites for families.—TVraM,We prefsr them fbr family use.— 7Vi^im«, Office No. H6 Broadway, New-York.BaaMthlnf Mew!—A HEMMER, TUCKER, FEL- LER, BIMDER AMD GAUGE COMBINED, joit »t- ented, simple, hemming any width and thickness of cloth either side, applied to anv Bewinx Machine inafewminutes. RETAIL PRICE $S. LIBERALDIS- COL'NT TO THE TRADE. Orders by mail supplied, (with complete iastrnc'ions.) postage paid. Send for a cireoiar.,began at 7 and closed atby officer Jenniss, of the Twenty-first Ward, on sus- which hour the canvassing began, consuming the apoabyafemala in private rooms. Trusses of everyRANSOM OF THEGIRL,The trade supplied at the mostof and Nlnth-avenne, owned by a Fifty-fourth-streetbe the old officers vrill given. Meantime,block, and of the JewsUed Ring one of the contribution platesnight a fireafter 12 o'clock onbroke out In a frame building, litnated on the comer elected. Of the time for holding a new electloa dueballots. Assoonastbey had effected their escape, a strong body of policemen reached the house, aad again the public peace was preserved. Of course no arrests were made. The discomfited majority, thus disgracefully disfranchised, declared that when the election was again held, their candidates would beliberal ra^^fgyNo. »8 Nasaan-st.9The returns were received up to midnight, attbatcftog maa. It is a certain and immediato enre »r rfeaa-ensuingCapitalallsafelyinvested" on LOTS,*e. AUsulferers should give it a trial.br vaeeiBUioDS lilm WUoleNo.solicited to give notice of their intended to have their rooms readj oni 44 Viccln'd. 27 CIvuits, to erase arrival^ STEISOMlicktii*.. ISfilOK'Jio'clock.V>>:Har«li Caattaaee ta Apvly HlaKafleal- sary Truss wv.\ sncceas, in effecting permanent cares •rHemiaorRoptDreatNo.IVesey-si. Ladieswaitedbone-setter, whrse tame is unrivaled byOwens Soden, another small on the supposition boy,that he too was Implicated in the same burglary, andfrom him also a lot of false were taken, one of keys ad-wbichfittedthelockofthestable. Sodenthenmitted that Cole and himself were and said guilty,bycarrier, $259, paya- Commissioners agreed pay just liberally any goods but nothing or serious character occurred. The Po- PATRICK, sole maautactarer of the above c'ebrited PUBLISHED ON THURSDAY MORNING BYthat the harness had been sold to Thomas Cogan, the;JOSEPH H. RICHARDS,No. 6 New- York. Beekman-st,FOR SALE BY ALL MEWS AGENTS. GBBAT CUBE OF A&TB.1IA.Iteeper of a junk-shop, forj^y centt, and that he had*om the State. Section 2 gives the to them as (or Salamaader SareB.-BOBEnTofthe'I.andOfiScepowertosellsaidlandstuthelaeymightselltohim. Coganwassentfor,andfinal-ly confessed to having purchased the harness, which lice were was found In a cellar where be had concealed It. Allthe prisoners were taken before Justice QDACUKsnsB.The boys were held for burglary, and Mr. Cogan, be-icg unable to furnish »l,Of-0 ball, waji committed fortrial as a receiver of stolen goods.si;f.bendkbed bt his sitbxtiis.Homer B. Hawkins, formerly a book-keeper in the emi.loy ol the California Overland Mail Coninanv, atCity City Comptroller may pay foras usualwhollyInactive.he. to tit«Jf New-York. Thethe same a loan and Issue ol real estate byforcorner of College- place.-N'o. 63Murr»y-«t.,SnnSIs BRCSHiS.ACCORiBONS, ..,rYg^n^Jk i.*re.peetfaUT soitoltod;STICK T»ITtAs STARE'S CHXEICALLT gMgAKXD SLUE iamto a of water. I can recommend it as a '"»S»fN!l!?B5jatSB-*,irew-Tork. _„, .__.of Decker overMr. DxoEia was declared duly elected.DRIVER kMR. JONES IMTflSTSBANKERS.frages of the engine companies were given largelyDye. tha best extant. BATCHELOB'3 Wix«There was much disturbance throughout the voting,M.safes,andpatent locksandcroes- i>owder-pro-rdee>nc«l>ars. Alio flre and burglar proof udeboard and parlor.youaredrivingonIn position:Us•aly plaes where tbsae ars$10,000, AsceneInreallife."asatruehave a different sort [of managementofpublic benefactor, it ought tothat none butthat a should be qnalntonees win permanentlocationNewbnrghlbr Interment,The Mew-YorkIt is a atodel of cheapness aad excenaasa."by the memben atbetter and cheaper service than we now get for the $S,000 in salaries paid to the several independent per- sons who now manage the concern.,TotalThe water does not contain any free acid or alkali,residue obtained by evaporation was carefully tested for iodine and ite salts, but none was detected. It was also Med for manganese, to which it was thought the brine owed its pale rose tint, yet as none was:DELAWARK LOTTERIES.Xc<rs dots. No. 6t, Feb. 7, UN.33, M, 38, 10, 70, 6, S5, 62, 7*, 1», 1, 6, 18. etas* N». 04, Fei. 7, UH.1, 16, 61, 63, S8, 73, 15, 61, II, 65, 33, 8, 19.Wltasat auhaads, it WUialagton, Del., Feb. 7, UN. eEO.O.eOEDON,JOB. SEAL,of iron which It contains.evening conveiied a grand and glittering gathering ofhis pupils and their friends in the Academy of Music.The festival twgan at the good old-fosMoaed hour of5 P. M., and ended—we don't know when. But notfor the wee children, whom Mr. Fiaaiao had the gt>odsense to send weeping home to their beds ato'clock,tomakeroomfortheireidersifnotfortlieirbetters. The spectacle presented by the floor of the day and the polls were open firom sunrise to sunset at The subscritwr will continue to furnish the over- FUNGUS AT THE FIRST BALL OF THB SEASON. by the fireside, ia the bands ofaU, may be f*aa< theSTBOTXn.The aimual election of o£Scers of the LiquorTWOParties deiiring tarthtr intOrmation upon the subjectDo as Joiin Jacob Astor did—Advertise Itberaay aaXMADE m RUSSIA 8BVXBAL TEARS AGO, in'poisesslon of a gentleman of this City, In whose house it has been forContributes a second characteristic article oa FASHIONABI.B UFE IN NBW-TORK« enUtledA large aasortsieat for ale at the IMt.NO. 4« BnmKAT>BT. HXW-TOBKOTKR cangainitbjapplyingtotheunderiighed.:Affords the most perfectSECDKITY AGAINST FIRE AND BURGLARSof 6afe in the as it is the ONLY ONE that any world,has been hundreds of times tested by fire and burglarswhirl of Wall-st. or the business'Change, by a quick transition to the bedside of your friendasbecloseshiseyesintheirlastsleep. Waitun-TEARS.reap the rewardTHE MOST REMUNERATIVE ADTXBTiaiHa MBBC-Noa. ntoes East >3th-st.. Near Broadway, New-York.WOOD & MARSH, Publlshets aad W. W. W. WOOD, Editor.Sewlac OfaeUaea^ maohlnesL K. SINGKK A CO., No. 4SS Broadway, N. Y., No. ue Fultoa-st., Bnokln.theauthor as "envelopedNO. 1«2 FULT0N-8T., Brooklyn.or the height of Grace Church steeple !" BUGGE'S.the gtxk of both concernsEVENING,place of business and ateveryVALENTINE t BUTLKP., NO. 337 BROADWAY.:tion is deUgntfuHy located on the eastern bank of the Hudson, and so situated as to afford ail the advantages08 Nassan-st. COMIC AND SENTIMENTAL. The largest and bestlor treatment, whHe its attractions for pleasurable and healthful recreation are uasurpassed.!Drs. EL MER t CAMPS CLl,opened THIS DAY, atHairandTenpeeshavaImprovemeatsoverall. ThisutheDcflaacesafes,silver plate, *c. Dipot°ojbg"fOCO OR OBNTAl. SliOm.-.,the In-o'elsck. HerremainswillbeJan. 27. I860. This is to certify that I have had the Asthnu since IMl and have been treated for it by several [tiysioians without relief. I ured Dr. TeBlAS' Venitian Lini- ment for Dysentery and was astonished to find that it made with boiler plate iron, and are reliable safes. Ho. cured my Asthma. Dose, a teaspoonful three timeb aDIED.MIIF.^^^.— In tM.-r 'v.on Mondiy isoming, Feb. 6,Sen.,U Bond-itPI-OB'S HAIK-»TBIN« BSTAB. JJ^^'iJf^taius tapaidoptoJulyL The box isBOQASI.—wltbont furtheruaDuasx Pau, relict of Alfreds Pell,,:Caufbiu.—WasMn, in the 44th year age.New-York Oisertier saysa moat macnMeeatpleaseattendwithoutfartherInvito- TAVioa.—In this City, on Monday, Feb. », WiuiakThe CitrtsMoa" This is an extraordinary work;Tuesday, Feb. 7, of diiease of the heart. JobsSent free by mail for fifteen one-eeatreadiness to convey to the house.Pacuiixk.—At Jersey City, M. J., on Monday. Feb. S,Atland, on Monday, Jan. 9, of gastric fever, AacataAiDOfeacha ^AOTHOXIZED BT THX LXOI8LATUXK.I( trace.STATE liOTTERIBB,nis andetrigaal OoauissloaeTS, appoiated by tta flovemorof tha Stats ef Delaware to nperiatead ths drawli« oftbe Delaware State Lotierytdoeerittyttat^THK IKDBPENDENT.Beveateea andaadseU, MhavabeaateMad ia lomiatMlwa. invito parehsaen to call aad txaBitts the < seaeeftheBstt respeetaUe fltas la the eaaakF.ARABBHiA describedand esg^phed In such an abyss of xauze and otherby$106M vapory and etherial textures that she looked more liken a great puff of steam, blown out of a boiler pipe on aandfortypoundssolid. Fungus,wholovesstates that when the bills came in from Arnold A Con-for us are betweenourbasementsandattics. Doyondoubtit? Wait until the festive echoes ringing through the cham- bers which you open wide to wedding guests shall be followed by the midnight cry of pain, toe prelude offuneral eobs and Ismentetiens. Wait until a sudden 2 squares, one year, $25will Thisweek, givefullextwnalremedyeftheage,preparedmatism, gont, neuralgia, sprains, bruises, eats, wenaafcbeadachctoetoaAa. sores, bums, scalds, piles, lumbago, exteraalan rheumatic and aervoos disorders, .iaSKjaBATCH TOUPEE'•PINK, "giving fuU particulars of herTragedyenactedOCR rxaicsSLAVE namedOnly nine years of agehistory, ot the selling of her mother at the auction-M. H. I,ICHTKN8TErN»8 WHOLESALE AND RETAIL RIBBON AND DRESSTRIMMING 8T0RE_ ^_ _„^_ Is removed to No. 3SB CAMAL-oT.. ONE DOOX FROM W00STEE-8T., UP STAIRS. .^„ Bavtog reduced aiy expenses. I shaBptar MY ftOOOHLOWBy which I hope to RETAIN the PATRONAGE ot ALL OUR OLD FRIBND8 and CUSTOMERS.;•• A BLACK MAN'Scf some singular facte bywhich was thrown into on Sunday moraing.particularsreelfastatistics,Mrs. Fnngns' dress (she tias to buy a double quantity) best exchange list of any paper to the State, eaRaraZiaiS£BIESEpisodes, catastrophes and bill of damages.Mr. Butler's design ia to expose the follies of fashion- able life in New-York, and exhibit in these humorous":-.nearly;months, $20.5 squares, one year, $45;six months. $30;threeahaUyeaialaaae. OfTwalvaXhiit:j circulation is sucn that it can be found toIn greater varietycver>Dody. Dealers tbould not missprieeato secure what mast sell and prpat.VALENTINES 1A large and well assortedBARNES * but in the immediate PARE, and all dealers. _^__;TAtENTINESassorted stock ever submitted to purchasers, willHCGHBS. DCFITY & CKEHANGE,;'.EuropeaajsarTHIS DAT. injector* and Canvassers, What hadCT. liaMng tnc which contained $48.book, He s-jispeoted Mr. Smith hadprtv:..,:i;;;s the respiratory system.liUeaic J ciiioflvfc. ,-tl»'..:-lt., on 'Wednesday, at I o'clxk P. M,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069without fur-(jiiat the stori! fii,ap.vjliu New-i'orkhousehettLuei'-M; ^icLjt i-sc-aanrilii;-:.ii..u. TicaSectevi.... i.erfnaersJ.f.-iiaherUteresitteace.No.40EastBATCH removed to Ne.UBead-al. LlSHMEirrtraace fix Udie*.PrlTateea-§0^»Bleetier-st. -Iwww.fultonhistory.com 