 NEW YORK HERALD. JAMB* aotiDom nan JITT,BlflOB AND PBOPKDTTO*.reports end despatches for details. The Assembly T h e i.t*-APr»»p«tthem t o service there. T h e attack on ChiefJustice Taney is, therefore, equally absurd andunjustMore consistent and to the point is the indis-criminate denunciation in yesterday's THbtmecertain members who assume to represent Southern chivalry have recently ohosen t o treat the independent commentaries of tha press. Surely, if the editor of a newspaper is deemed worthy of any remarks by a member of Congress, he ought to be considered theeoual of a member of that body, and entitled to the respect and decency which are presumed to be due him. Mr. Adrain, of New Jersey, has set an example of decorum, and furnished anillustrationoftruechivalry whichitwould become some members from the chivalrous South to imitate.m*n, W»r*i», si*•*rAUILT*MMAU> am Wmtmrnlmy m A ^Toivmflmr ocmMMMroMPrnwex.manasa-tUKALTi.• *"»*fP«rhad been previously out on bail, was committed tohave shown his condition under the fret^insti-tainly would be, as a consequence of the eman-are appointed for life, and are, therefore, aboveMW.WfaM A<M* • • * ?*»*«r *f (*• awU, V •CrnOy jxsfcf /tor. * » - * '«• ' M n i ComaaerO FaswiovrraajMNtdeass,JO* rMUTUflBOWS*? THKATBS. Bowery.-Bss Usn-T ss 0 « o - at t l 7 a $17 1 2 « . [and $17 75 a $17 87>i fornew; old prime at $11 873," a $12, and $13 76 for new do.WIHTBB 0 ABDaW, Broadway, opposite Bond street.- The transactions in sugars during the week have beencomparatively light, and tbe market spiritless; the salesyesterday did net exceed 100 hhds. Cuba muscovado,WiLUOtl TgXATRJE. Broadway.—Bestu»ae orA within tbe range cniefly of 7e. a T^c; refining 2>OOB T<goods ranged from 7c a 7,'«c. Coffee wassteady,but LAUBA IIIXE-k THXATBK. <M Broadwar.-J turn not active; sates of 450 mats Java were made at 16c , and Xhuns - 300 nags Laguayara at 13c. Fre'ghts were firm, with aHCW BOWBBT THsTATBB Bowery.—Tn OOTOOOOS- fair amount of engagements, especially to English ports; KnaioH* Uoasrisaioss. among the engagements were 6,500 bushels of corn in BROADWAY BOCDOIB, 444 Broadway—lastinn A3 IT ship's bags at p. t. to Liverpool, and 500 bbls. flour at 2s ,Exeter Hall philanthropists in his favor. To-and estimating them at on%third only of theseas—Wosua'eWains.BABK01TS AMBRIOAN sTOBBTJtt. Brotdwir-Anar- nnoa u d Kveoing-HBsaaSD TO Gasse—VBBMONT WOOLJjSAtna. , _ ^ _ _ _BRYANTS' sTIXSTRKtA Mechanics Hall. 471 Broadway - Besiawoess, Boss*, Oases*.Ac.—WHOStBOOBBIIXT I'aiutwithsomelotsofbeef,lard,kc~;cotton ratesweredim.but no engagements reported—shippers offered 3 1 6 d . to this plan it would require from four to fivel 732*1raaJshipownersasked732d.to ,4d.ley of the Mississippi and the valleys of its tri- The Vote forSpeaker oatFriday—What fromthewholerevenueofthecountry,from butaries! Whocancontemplatesuchamove-tt P r o v e s a n d t h e D u t y t t I m p o s e s . TheproceedingsintheHouseofReprepenta-W»ds <day we complete the ethnological and phllo. whole number of slaves—wsay one milliontwo sophical view of the question, by two articles to hundred thousand—let us see what would bebefoundinanotherpartofourpaper—tieone theirprobablecourseofconductexamining into his physical and intellectual The slaves in Louisiana, Mississippi and Ar-capacities as developed on the Africa* soil, kansas amount to about six hundred thousand. andtheothershowing, from a comparltonof This mass would naturallyascend theMissis- ttex^n^uWanrj^u^P^?.^ P . 0 p U J ^ ° f sippi as their easiest mode of removal; and of freedom has been to diminish the ratio 0t ' -J"* as freed men, the right to concentrateraws ntoijmmTE CAPITALBftBl/Vi RAIiOOp. Broadway.-Oro. Onnrr's Miv- tives at Washington on Friday remove allcustoms, taxes and sales of public lands,sit^cevalue of the whole of our imports during that ble. If they are to be their ownBntaie i« Btwea. rut«-ss, Brausani, te-Sn Dar's J»BW YsaB Cans r o e MtOCOOPBRIBBTITOTB.-Pior.Yotmas'sLSCTURIOWmi CssatsrsT or TUB &f asiaa.doubt as to the object of the Helperitt' black republicans, and show their intention to force upontheHousetheruleofafactiousminority.masters, they would not be long in endea-When the vote on the Speakership was taken, SOCTH NTKTH RTRBRT CHCKCH. Williamsburg:—Da. a few of the black republican members fromor adopted among us. If Great Britain should the scenes of their former servitude, and the ductiveandunproductive property ofthe H.Sewardsmight,ifthereisanysincerityinBcct>i>aa'iLaumtoaISDia,baanixicPMBSVHOOD,Casts, A*a Huiooo Taai-u. vWewYork,Snadar,January 39,1360.QW*aa^•^TMS»-'»'»'^TM'TMa-^»-l^'^S^SMTMB»-^Mlia»W»-.aaM.iWaaWB»«-J«»T h e S e w i .By the arrival of the Fulton at this port and thePennsylvania and New Jersey, endeavoring to impress on their constituents the idea that they areanimated bya nationalfeeling, votedfor Mr. Smith, an old national whig, and a conser- vative and anti-revolutionary man. The de- mocrats, seeing there was a chance for his elec-their doctrine of the "irrepressible conflict," wouldnotbeenoughtoproduceone-tenthof benodoubtfoundtoleadthemon.Mora Scotian at Portland yesterday, we hare Euro-peannewstothe12thLost,andlateradvicesfrom tion,laidasidetheirpartisanpredilectionsandChina and Australia. eAmong the passengers by the Fulton is SenorDonJoseBerges,specialenvoyandcommissioner from Paraguay to the United States, appointed tofortyHelper endorsers,sprang tohisfeetbe- fore the votecould be announced, and, desiringThe plan of Mr.Seward, Mr.Helper,Mr.Garrison and Fred Douglass, to emancipateKentucky and Tennessee, together with the Le- gislatureofOhio,tovisitthecapitaloftheState. The following is the message :—STAR or N«w YORK, Exwrrm: DsPARTirEjrr,> AJ-BANY, Jan. 27,1880. /TO THE SKXATE —Information has just reached m e that the Governor andLegislature of Kentucky and the Legislature of Tennessee are now at tbe capital of Ohio by Invitation from tbe Le- gislature of that State. So marked snd so unusual an oc-avenue.This bill was referred to the*standing committee is theSenate,sndreportedtothaibodyfavorably,inlieuofthe bill formerly introduced by one of the Brooklyn Senators. After tw o dsys controversy In Committee of the Whole, during which all manner of amendments were offered, the billwssfinallyamended,andbaapassedthe Senate this morning, In the following shape:—It shall not be lawful hereafter to b y , construct, er operate am railroad In. upon, or along any or either of the streets and avenues of the ctty of « e w York wherever such raUmad may comuieuee or end, exoept under the authority, and subject to the regulations and restrictions which tbe lesnlatute may hereaftergrantandprovide. 1hiasectionshall nothedeemed to allect the operation, aa far as hud, of soy railroad now con- structed and duly authorized The foregoing section ahall not be held to impair in any manner any valid grants for or re- lating to any rallroacs in said city existing on tbe 1st day of Janu&rv, 1SS>.All acta and par (a of acts inconsbte&t with this sre hereby repealed.The Senate, you will therefore see, has decided to take theseroads outoftoehands ofdieCommonCouncil, ar.d have removed tn« point that the consent of the pro- perty boiuers . l-ioula be had.It now goes baric to the House for confirmation or re- jection. IttheHouseshouldstillinsist upon thebillfirst parsed by ibem. we may ytt see another struggle over the subject in the Senate. Tbe probabilities are that it will go through mat body with bat little opposition. .s nator Spinoia has tailed to get his Ninth avenue road legalised, lor which h e labored s o bard yesterday. There may beasquabbleoverthatintheHouse,andpsosibhthewas not in session.The trial of Frank Fowler, on a charge of swtad.ling an emigrant by mean* of a bogus ticket, re- sulted yesterday, in the Court of Oyer and Termi- ner, in the conviction of the accused. This is anIt is no molt of ours if by tbia time the pub- lic mind has not become thoroughly snUghten- edsstotbevslueoftneargumente andstatis- tics put forward in the Helper book, on whichNovember,buttheycontainnothingofimportance. rienceshowsthatinninecasesoutoften,very fanaticism and the proclamation of a civil war.NEW YORKHERALD. SUNDAY, JANUARY 2 9 , 1860. —freedom of the slaves b y an honorable pur- chase have no basis whatever on wlich to found any such hope. By this process, then,supported him in a body. He was duly elect- slavery cannot be abolished in this country. ed Speaker; but Mr. Sherman, the leader of thewould emerge with similar views. The rivers, the railways and avenues to the North would beblackenedby thethrong. Astheyap- proached the Middle States the greatest alarm would prevail Even New England would con- templatethearrivaloftheduskyhordeswith dismay—and how could tbe abolition States consistently oppose the progress o f their eman- cipated friends? " Are they not men and bro-exchangeratificationsofourtreatywiththatre- hisnametobeagaincalled,votedforMr.Cor- themviolently—fornoothermethodispro-public, and to settle the question of the claim* of Our citizens against Paraguay.The intelligence from Europe by this arrivalposed—is the only one, then, which remains.tisans, and Junkin. Scranton and Morris of Let us, if possible—and it is almost impossible- thers?" Y et, for all this, w e doubt not theyPennsylvania, and NBcon of New Jersey, who becoming every lay more doubtful whether had endeavored to cheat their constituents by the Congress would assemble. A new combina- votingfor Mr. Smith when tjhey believed he could tion, it is reported, has been set on foot by the not be elected, obeyed the Helperite summons governments of France and England having for its and withdrew the votes /they had respectively object a settlement of the Italian question. A cast. They have earned for themselves the re-consider for a moment what would be the re- sult of this operation, in a point of view which has hitherto been overlooked inthepresent ''impending crisis.''would from necessity oppose their advent intob interesting. Accounts from Paris say it waswin. This was the signal of danger to his par-brief sketch of the plan is given in our telegraphic Bummaryofthedews. Theprojectofthereturn of the Italian Grand Dukes is abandoned by the Prussian ministerial organ as an impossibility.Consols at London on the 12thwere quoted at 051 a 954 for money and 954 a 95j for account, There were rumors of a probable advance in the •Sank rates of discount.ThetendencyofpricesintheLiverpoolcotton market was towards * decline. The sales for the three days preceding the 11th amounted to 21,000 Bales. Noquotationsaregiven. FlourwasduH*ofState the treaty between the United States' and involved in this conflict, elect a man who ab- to their former masters. They would prefer tovisit to this capital. E. D. MORGAN.Thisrecommendationwasunanimouslyadopt- ed by both branches of the Legislature, andem- bodied in the following resolution :—putation of having assuiSea a virtue they do notpossess,andhaveexposedthevillanousin- tentions of the black republican faction.ButFriday'swork shows that the national eonservativefeelingpredominatesintheHouse, and that the back of Helperism is broken. Only a man uncommitted to the incendiary and agrarian doctrines endorsed by Sherman andcountry was actually liberated. They would immediatelyfallintothreedistinctclasses:—would occur before the amalgamation withbetterortheworse.judging from the universal tendencies of therace,andtheresultoftheiroperationsinthe theirmassesbeallowedtoenter,preyuponWest Indies and elsewhere, we are certain thatAdvices from Canton to the 19th of November feeling, and, looking only to the vast interests but a small proportion would hire themselves States.Bale, at a decline of lid. in price, while wheat con-tinneddull,butwithnomaterial change inrates. getherandwintheultimatevictory. Letthem Cornwasdifficultofsale.Provisoryweredulland gouptotbeHouseto-morrow,calm,andre- •ales unimportant. solved to lay aside all partisan and personalthe restoration of fugitive slaves to theirChina has been put in force. The treaty was rati- fied by the United States Senate last week.jures the black republican motto of "The abo-possess a small piece of land of their own, ob-extension of their charter for thirty years, besides con- ferring adujtionaJ privileges. If this project of Senator Connelly s movement is successful, the city part of the Iiarkmroadv,:lbemadeasvaluable asanyofthepre-fight, and they should now hang strongly to-and sword, if not immolate, them where theystood. On no contingency whatever would of the United States which provides forlition of slavery and the perpetuation of theThe dates from Australia are to the 19th of Union." Such a motto is the very essence of paid for out of their future earnings. Expe- peaceably to overrun any of the Middle orlatureonthe3dofthismonth,Governor sentcityrailroads. TbefriendsoftbeSixthandEighth avenue hxes look upon this measure with great jealousy.Morgandenouncedslaveryasa"governmental SenatorTrumanitaftertheStateprinterswithasharpNorthernStates. If a few thousand slavesfor four TheNorthernLightarrivedhereyesterdaymorn* Itcarrieswithit,if itshould succeed,thede- fewwouldeverpayeitherthepurchasemoney yearsthreatenedtheexistenceofthepowerfuling from Aspinwall, with the California mails, some specie, passengers, and later news from New Gra- nada, Central America and the West Indies.The advices from Bogota report that another bat tie was expected at Baranquilla between the g o - vernment troops and the forces of the revolution- ists. It was thought that United States interests would be largely debated in the next Congress. The contract between the Secretary of the United States Navy and the Chiriqui ImprovementCom- pany excited a good deal of attention. Ex-Presi- dentMorawastoleavetheIsthmusonthe20thin- stant,toagaintryhisfortuneinCostaRica.would continue the present factious those who remained behind, even with the in- the fun heartily. Commodore Vanderbilt was, as agitation in order to force the rule of a tention of supporting themselves. They wouldreported, seeking to aegotiate a new transit con- tract with Nicaragua.The United States ship Preble reached Aspin- wall from Carthagena on the 19th instnever acquire the property they occupied, andsent contest is no pigmy fight, where petty if they did labor, it would only be for their PREME COURT OP THE UVITED STATES.—Mr. Evarts,duty, to prohibit slavery in the Territories; in The Select Committee o n Pro Rato met again this morn ing at t..n o'clock. Tbe railroads c.oemg their testimony other words, he recognises the doctrine that a last evening, the Clinton I<eague and advocates of the |»-U- tioneis proceeded to answer the testimony and arguments offered by their opponents. Mr. Cobb, of Buifal), w h o occupied so mum time a few uays since, spoke n>r' some two hours, resiling letters and biJis of lading of varioos on the guaranteed rights of the Southern railroa.is.«oiLg back as far as 1864, and showing that coring ail tits* time Ute railroads of this State had beeaspoils of office and public expenditure are the Datesfrom Kingston,Jamaica, are to the 10th only things to be gained or lost The verycounsel for the negroes in the Lemmon slaveof January. The Legislative session had ended, andthe Christmass holidays passed over quietly The public health was good in Kingston.BywayofSavannahwehavereceivedHavana advices to the 25th inst The Empire City, from New Orleans for New York, had been ashore at theentranceofthebarber,butgotoffwithoutma* terial injury. The arrivals of new sugar were gight, molasses was quiet, and freights dulLBy the arrival of the bark Dawn, Captain Chase, •ttasipertlastnightfromBuenosAyres,wehave received files of papers from the last mentioned city to the 16th ait. They, however, contain no newsofImportance. ThepassageoftheDawnis believed to be the quickest ever made between the two ports.States. And yet, on the ground of interstate clKJcnminaiing in favor or the cit zens of other States and•tetterfromHavanaandNassau,N.P.,temptiblefeelingsofspiteandvindictivenessgrvea to-day, contains some additional items of in- ter*trtiat news. Ex President and Mm Pierce were atlffssmw.Our despatches from Washington state that the repubttcaa members of Congress held a caucus yesterday to discuss the question of the Speaker- ship of the House. ato.,8s*r»nsn made a speech la which he proposed to withdraw from the con- test; but the caucus adjourned without adopting say programme for future operations.York, in aiding the restoration of fugitive atatea in their report tint the enlargement of the New theipuccesBorofTaney.IfJudgeTaneyshould slaves,insteadofthrowingobstaclesinthe Yorkcanalswoulotaaefromthemala^anwni*ibaIntheStateSenate,yesterday,thebmrelativeto railroads to New York city was token opSenator Ketcham obtained unanimous consent toIntroduce as amendment which removed what we.regarded as the objectionable feature of the bill,endthehillwassobaeenenuypassedtothestt- *hepaperswhichtookastandagainsttheadmin- lowing shape:-"It shall not be lawful hereafterto lay, censtruct or operate any railroad, la ornpoa er along any of the streets or avenues ofthe erty of New Yes*, wherever each rood maycommence or sad, except under the authority andsubject to the regulations and restrictions whichminority upon the national council. The pre-ATTACK ON CHIEF JUSTICE TANEY AXD THE SU-merce, 'and leave us at the mercy the Cowattry to »irell of foreign nations for a scanty supply. The cheap and comfortable fabrics with which Europe, Asia and America now clothe them- selves from our cotton fields would be no longer attainable, and we should be driven back to a comparative barbarian dress, or to the black republicans now consistently take more costly and rare materials, beyond theslaveholders from taking their negroes into thecmcv ». v co**TM or NAJSSAO AMD rtrtTOW arc. important case, snd, we believe, the second exam- *»a<iU ple that has been made of those harpies who preyMM r*r»wp*i *wOs the rendition of the verdict, the accused, whor»# WMKtlY0MpWi 4V •••' r^^ ^SW^s^^Wp ^^"w .w^swi^^s^BBbB ^Hs^^sw^s* " W W PW•^•wes^e^sns^p»; o<Wj<x«(<awr«f>y.•*J»»owaeasitosayawrtV0r«tfBrMmm,prieon.Hisclerk,Gilbert,alsoindictedtorthetutionsoftheNorth;wehavefollowedhipintocipationofthiBclassofnegroidlers,beggarsthosecorruptinginfluencesbroughttobearon or|» Manyfmitf m*AwrtawH,htmto**-*»£•poshf*; **OiH/or«i«AWto»o«cA<aa«a D s W sea*atmt*assesses*u f t m s r l l M M r a a u n .of the whole Supreme Court of the United upon the unfortunate stranger from a foreiga land their stand. We have exhibited the negro un- reach of millions of people. Are we prepared States. That Court is the safeguard, the palla-same ofience. wasthen surrendered byhis bail and committed for trial.theBritishProvincesandtheWest Indies, snd shown how he stands the test of equality withandthieves.The third class would be the emigratingJudgeselectedbythepopularvote. ThatCourtis the ultimate interpreter of the constitution,institutedbytheconstitutionitself. Itcansetaside an unconstitutional law, even of Con-gress. Experience proves that there is no pro-vision in the constitution wiser or more neces-sary. Were it notfor this check on Statelaws and Congressional laws which have at-tempted to nullify the constitution, there is A m e n d m e n t t o t h e L a w o f 1 8 M — I n v e s -TbeBOWSbyU»NovaSooUanhadsopereeptebleeffort yesterday opon our cotton market The sslea footed op about »000 bales, lacladlag 2.600 In transitu, ctosing wtthootchsBgeinprloos. The flow market was Ueavier, and lower tor some grades of State and Western, while the demand improved at tha concession, and sales of Westers and State were made to a fair extent Southern flour was la fair request, a n d prices unchanged. Wheat was quiet, snd in the absence of sales of moment quota- tions were nominal. Corn w a s less freely ouored, while prices were firmer, with moderate sates, including and very cnoice woite ftouuict-u* ai BIC. " a >2#c. Pork was tn speculative request, and the market was again firmer, with free sales, including old messthewhitemanandrewardstheeffortssfthe class,seekingthefreeStatesastheirrefuge;der the elave institutions of the South; w e for such results as these! Y et such they cer- dium of the liberty of the people. Its membersStates, belonging to them as States, thereFrom the Atlantic slaveholding Statesan- sons who desire to accomplish the immediate other column of equal, if not superior density,that sum. So that even those benevolent per-tbe beginning of the present*^ month. Sogood will to his brethren of the South, that hesuggesting an invitation to the Legislatures of va^p of the whole property located upon such street orYankeedomwascompleted. Bythetimethese First—Those who would remain on their columns, each a million strong, reached theve soil, and set themselves to work, or, in otherwords,workontheirownaccountSecond—Those who remained where they were, and would not work at all.Third—Those whowouldimmediatelyami- grate to the free States to better their condi-lineofMasor/andDixonin onedirection,andhisassociatescannowbeelectedSpeaker.Thenational men have won the first part of the tion, or at least to change its character, for the the invaded States would repel them by firetained as a leasehold or in fee simple, to be such myriads of negroes would be permittedforegoing invitation is ludicrous in the extreme.In his message at the opening of the Legis-or a rental. This fact h a s been thoroughly proved in the negro settlements in the British provinces of. North America, as well as in the West Indies, and the most undeniable evidence of it has recently been published in the co- lumns of the HKKALD.stick The following resolution was oftcred by him and adopted fins morning:—stination of every interest, of the happiness ofevery hearthstone, of the bright hopes of everyfamily in this Union. This very fact, which isalready beginning to come home to the convic-tion of the masses in the Central States,through the practical operation of the presentruthless agitation, will spread with the spread-ing discussion, and save the country by sacri- climate, they raise but little more than enough with benevolent intentions. And will the peo-and social evil," as the "source of fraternal dis-cord and sectional strife," and its extensioninto the Territories of the United States as"plainly incompatible with amity and concordbetween different sections and States." He Ieaaon<nty suchprintingaogteaUyexeeedsthecontrasttaere- holds that slavery was only tolerated by theTbe contract provides that the State printing ebali bo done for fSO.Ct'O, whilst the report of the ObmptroUer shows that he ba» paid for One purpose «158,ooo for the last year—a slight difference, to bay tiie least. A similar resolution was oflered in the Hou.1 e some time since which set Itawaon fluttering. It bas been quashed there', but IIn Jamaica, with every advantage of a genialNow, these things may arise in our own time, within a brief period, if the principle of the abolition of Blavery is to be carried out, evenVathers of the Revolution as an evil that was tobe gradually got rid of, and ridicules as "anovel doctrine" the solemn decision of the Su-premeCourtoftheUnitedStatesinthecaseof judgefromthefeelingots-meol tbeSenatorsthatitwillto purchase a few luxuries, or what they deemHelper ,LetPennsylvania,whosevastcoaland iron accumulatingamaintenanceforthemselvesor theylost their senses? Have they, to makeficing the men w h o cling t o Seward, Shermanandtheirfanaticalteachings.ple of the United States for another moment such,andtheytakenothoughtofthefutureby toleratethe possibilityofsuchevents? Havenot beallowedtosluml>erhere.Mr. Truman also oflered the following, which was adopted:—interests, whose immense manufacturing inte-their families. The same thing is witnessed inWilliam H. Seward President, resolved to depo- pulate and ruin the Southern and bring war and bloodshed into the Middle and Northern States? We call heaven and earth to witness that ifDredScott,whichdeclaresthattheconstitution contemplates the perpetuity o f the institution totheendoftime,and nowhere regardsitasOur San Juan del Norte correspondent, writingon the 16th of January, says that the condition ofthe harbor was improving very much. * Christmas day shaken to their foundations, remember the cations lately appeared in the leading abolition Pay, S t John's Day and New Year's Day wereduly celebrated. The United States ship Sabinewas in port at the time, and her people enjoyedBesolved,TtattheCommitteeof Public Expenditurebedi recied to investl^'P-te and repen to the , enale what amount hit* an evil. A ll the Southern States, without ex- b»en allowed for ataiionery for tbe I-egtalature and publicrests, whose loDg continued influence, are to-Hayti;andarecenttraveller,whosecommuni-men who have sullied her fair fame by en- paper of this city, confirms this statement Theception, claim the right of going into the Ter-ritories with their slaves, which Governor Mor-gan holds to be a casus belli; and he contendsofljcesof this State, and waat disooaUion baa been mtde of the same, and how much of such stationery is now on hand.Mr. Mclx.'od Murphy introduced this morning a bill to incorporate the Colitge o; Dental Surgeons, which may be of interest not only to dentists but to those who ftipioy them, wbo want m e n working about their teeth mastersdeavoring to practise a cheat, and who same thing would occur in the South among this Union perishes through the conduct ofdaily food, and nothing more. The consequencewould be, that the staples of the Sou£h wouldfoundations of the government, of society, and be annihilated, ceasing to be produced. A lit- has made a very indecent and unwarrantable of the hopes which all mankind hang upon the tle hominy, a little pork and a few vegetables attack on Chief Justice Taney, of the Supreme continuance of this great republic, areat stake. would be the extent of the products of these Court of the United States, for the judgment he Thequestionis,shalltheyberuined,orshall emancipated laborers. Thisis theirca- renderedinthecaseofDredScott Thecoun- they be defended from all attack? The national reer in tropical climates: such would it be sel says that that venerable and eminent jurist and conservative men In Congress should off in the Southern States. In the Canadaj, is likely to die soon, and that then there will aswehavealreadystated,thesamecharacter-on their mind, and, regardless of every other istic* are In full display. It is in evidence that which he ie^the head. No doubt, when Mr.tyrant Northern majority in Congress may vio- late the compact of the constitution, and trampleup to the House to-morrow with this convictionbe different law propounded by the Courtofern States of their property in fugitive slaveswhen theyescape to NewYork,invitetherepresentatives of two Southern slave States Trunk roau s s the competing line. H e thought if tnagovernment of Rome, what would we do with millions of negroes spreading over our North- ern States, consuming from hunger alone all the products of the country as they advanced?Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be directed to IrvesOgate and report to the Senate tae various auma audit- ed and paid by the Comptroller of tbia State, for baUlabve and other prtcUng during the past year, and the Items for vthich such allowances were made, and to whom paid and thefanatics and fools, we at least are innocentcase before the Court of Appeals at Albany,tteasuty of Gr.-at Britain a n d t h e coffers o f t h e cotomsd consideration, perform their duty to the those who follow agricultural pursuits do so in Evarts predicts the death of Chief Justice Ta- to the very capital where they are about to government were to be taxed for the support ot a roldcountry by electing a national,conservative Speaker.MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ATTEMPTING TO Mr/am THEPRESS.—Some members of Congress seem disposed to indulge their very small and con-the most slovenly and unproductive manner;and all who can obtain employment as hotelney,"thewishisfathertothethought"perpetrate this atrocious wrong. Is it not a that was stfusglmg lor the upper hand uTtttaiJoomnetflion,itwasnotworthwhilefor thecuuena of tnJetem ruining themselves In such competttion. If. thereior/Vn- tacts thai have been staled abouTithe Grand InTM roaS be true, t h e sooner this .State pats a stop t o tats t h eThere is also another idea involved inthia suggestive remark, and that is, that W. II. Sew-comedy instead of comity—an insulting mock- ery instead of a friendly and fraternal offer of"1its increase in the former. From this we pass themselves m . - . . „ « „ , WOuld unques- Northern revolution assailing this Court for A large number of letters have base rsoareed Sere to a consideration of what must be the Imme- tionably possess themselves w* ~. . „ m ^ e 0 f it is sadly in the way of a republican Con- from prominent republicans to New York, denouncing * diate consequences of a general emancipation conveyance in their power. The steamers on e>— «-Q* prohibiting slavery in the Terri- bitter terms the recent appointments for Harbor Masters.of the race in this country should the aboli- the rivers would be seized, and white mentories and next in the States. The Tribune The better class of the republicans of vow eBy seem totionists and the black republicans succeed in theirinsaneschemes.would be compelled to navigate them;andlaughs to scorn tbe idea of paying any respect tosuchacourt. Itdoesits utmosttobringit intocontempt Thanks to the much abused liberty of the press, guaranteed by the con- stitution, which the Tribune seeks to over- throw, that journal may say with impunity what it would not bo permitted to say in anywhen,bytheadditionoffivehundredthousand The British government,when it abolished morefrom Missouri,KentuckyandTennessee,they proceeded on their way, what would be- the slaves themselves as the property of their come of the bordering free States of the North- masters, and paid for them a hundred millions west, and of Ohio in particular? Whata mighty of dollars. Should our own country fallow and irresistible column would they make, pro-slavery in its West India colonies, recognizedthousand millions of dollars to carry it out. cloud of darkness would spread over the val-This is a greater Bum than has been reaeivedment without horror? And upon the hypothe- 1789,byabout50percent. Itisnearjythe siswehaveassumeditisbynomeansimpossi-ceedingnorthwardlyto a newhome! Whata othercivilizedcountryin theworld. Ajour-nal which has canonized the traitor John Brown, and "endorsed and sells over the counter"' the treason and incendiarism of Helper, may well seek to subvert the Su- preme Court of the United States.INTERSTATE COMITY—INVITATION OF THE LE-period, or the whole of our exports, and couldpot be raised by any system of finance known voring to place themselves at a distance from GISLATURE OK NEW YORK TO SOUTHERN LEGIS- character.LATURES.—TheGovernoroftheStateofNew 7be Senatethisio.,rr,i:igtookoptberailroad billthat wag uudti cuutroversy yesterday, a n d , after furtiier come into the market to purchase all the pro- John Browns and Lloyd Garrisons and William York is suddenly seized with an impulse of ;iai( iiuiiuiit, past* «i it dually. Thai yoar readers m a y " comity and good neighborhood" to tbe know the pucite poMtion of Uus question now before toe !>>£i*laii.;e,lwiUgiveaFhorthistoryefthematter Tu« Southern States, which sounds rather odd loi.nwln'g bill pae£cU the Ilou&e by a large majority, totheir territory, notwithstanding all their phi- currence as the visit of tbe representatives of two sove-lanthropy. When it came to that pass, we ima- gine even the infidel Parker and his associates would call on the God they now deny to comereignStatesat onetimeto thoseof anotheriseminently calculated 10 foster thai comity and good neighborhood due from tbe reprtBeittativesof all tbe Slates towards each other. I recommend that, dispensing with the usual forms in such casts, y.iu adopt a concurrent resolution invitingWe will then suppose that on the Fourth ofJuly next the whole slave population of this to their rescue. But a worse state of things tbe Governor and tbe bodies mentioned to extend theirResolved, ThattheGovernorbe requestedtoextendto thefrontiersofOhioandIllinoisontheother, theGovernorandLegislatureoftheStateofKentuckyand tbe Legislature of tbe State of Tennessee, now on avisittotbecapitalof OhK),and totbeGovernorand the would have stopped their march. Nor would Legislature of tbe State of Ohio, a cordial tnvltaUon toa cordon of bayonets and walls of artilleryit end here. Exasperated at the misery, locust-visitthiscapitalastheguestsofthisState.When we recollect that there is "a Personal Yonkers project m ay sbow its hydra head there, also,like,theyhad left behindthem,the militiaofLiberty bill" before this very Legislature—a bill which notonly nullifies a special act of Congress, but a section of the constitutionwhenthisbillb returnedtobeacted uponbythatbody. In the excitement attending city railroads about theI«giabture.amovemeet quietly madeby SenatorCon nc.'y relative to the Harlem K&ilroad has not received tbe notice that it-deserves. H e h a s given notice of a bill toextend theHarlem Railroad to Central Park attwo importantpoints,viz:atFiftyninthandSeventya:nth streets. This movement m also understood to content plate a track down Grand street to tbe Grand street fer- ry. These extensions will be very valuable—ia fact, al- most •qual to all the privileges of Uus company. Theand eat out the substance of the NorthernThe conflict would end in a massacre, if not extermination. There is no possibility thatowners—and when there isevery reasonservants, barbers and steamboat hands preferittoanyoccupationwhichrequirestoiland ard,oramanofthesamerevolutionaryprin- hospitality? Justicecomesbeforecomity,and batter. Heconsideredthat thel^uuyiyama cinu-alenlightened Industry.The second named class, or those who re-ciples, will be the next President, and appointtill justice is done by the Legislature of New was the only real competitor or S . K e s v . TM roads but the offlc,TM of that com*Lv hadmained behind as idlers, would probably com- die before the 4th of March, 1861, neither Sew-mence as beggars and end as thieves. In num- ard nor any republican President would haveandfearlesslyexpresstheiropinionsuponthe bertheywouldbeveryformidable,andthatheappointment Mr.Buchananwouldflllbis sham,andthe"comity"isadelusionanda lateschargedontheeaoab. Thecompc-tiiicnTfwth£against certain newspapers, when they openlyway, the boasted "good neighborhood" is aconduct of that body, and would attempt to re- strict the liberty of tbe press to the best ofconsequence is that, driven on by hunger, if no-place with a man of the same sound judgmentfarce. ry.r,<*e el r^ucin, the value of the catauTsni Vorcm. U»eir sale, that they may obtain those vaiu.bL-7ran.wse! to make a great monopoly of their own. Tne co .uJlfurthing else, they would lay their hands on foodtheir poor ability. Such an illustration was wherever they could find it, or whatever pro- same learning and ability. But let not Mr.the Sedition laws, passed during the administra- tionofu»elderAdams,designedtomutzlealltion of slavery.famine would Inevitably follow. The plunder Evenif a republican were appointed in place bune'sstatements, respectfully accorded to Mr. to the city ot N .w York K e v T V , uaTo, J S!Jw**to-sjs attempt which eflectusily killedofvillages,andevenoflargetowns,wouldbeno remote event as starvation approached, andof Judge Taney, during the next Presidential term, there would still be a majority of theGreeley the right to express his opinion, and did not descend to vulgar abuse or pergonalaboutinjuringfbecityofXewYork,th.itci'y!,«'£„,* Wdrrtd s^ tixtd a s the . wruat hills, a m wouM t iJ'Z' tural fctntre let tbe railroads d j «aat U, * w,^u" T , ^ " could not be Averted fr ..» it* nator*; oluau.., w.thontMr. Adams, nolWeaily, and will surely damagetothiswouldsucceedtheassociatecrimeof Courtoftbesameopinionsasbefore. Inthe vituperation. Hesaidthat"hewoufnnoten- crushingoutthosethataUr.plit. «,waou^^ TMmurder^taking every form of horrid cruelty.But beyond these local horrors would arise was that of six against three, and in deliveringsny one who tries to pUy the samegame in ourlat.tre IO at once take s-i'-h action aa would not n . ^f" • all h e w « t ot wood and Qraweraoi w T ^ f * " " ^d*^: * • <*****«, however, was wise enough hw i, ttgage in a controversy with Mr. Gre*M*v. whomporalK n . 'ao<tU-;«jCt>r-perty they could convert into food. Their Evarts be too sure of any republican Presidentopinion. He, did not believe Mr. Gm-U-y ii*.teldtoImpairinaaymanner anyvalidgrantsfor letthemtakecarenottoaffordan opportnnity andfiftythousand hogsheads of tobaccoand Curtis andMcLean oembatted themainargu- tendedtodohimsnywrong,butpresumedthat lt»_pa»tej;.- becoctidriiMi itrtap. •,or relating to any railroad existing on thefirstday for the exercise of severe comments upon their seventy thousand of sugar- in value over two ment of the Court Six of the nine Judges desome evU disposed person had fumj.b.-.i iator mationonwhichbebasedthecharg.-" This is dealing wi'h the question at issue in a g. nof January, ISM." Several other interesting sub- jectswarsacted00, Wereferourreaderstooarlanguage and demeanor, by behaving Use g« tlemen, as they are supposed to be.nhundred and twenty millions of dollars an clarsd it unconstitutional for Congress or snyUntitled Documentnually—wouid disappear from our com- Territorial Legislature to pass s law barringThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069c- I » I' bit-lit •i ii. i|„ J.. ' •'./ irmiiVr IroP.»-at.nii.it «»«!I,www.fultonhistory.comand constitutional principles, if not of theTHE AGE or CHITALBT IX CONGRESS.—If wethe Central road bad spoken of a political power anrffurnished b y Mr. Ashmore, of South Carolina,when he introduced his resolution to expel the number-large in most of the slaveholding occupying the White House very soon. Per- New Jersey, in Congress on Friday, with refe- tecum of the commiitee to thus a**erik>u, and thenHERALD'S reporter from the House of Represen- rence to the remarks of the New York Tribune a»kyou what you think i the charge* that inis w - a j n T Statesinproportiontothewhites—wouldbe hapshemayneverseethatday;andwethink t'CHiwasapoliticalmacrme,assiwouWund-itakVa*tatives, the other day. Mr. Ashmore, on that great enough to consume in a single year he is likely to live to a very old age indeed if relative to tbe action of the anti-Lecompton «",'^V,!',CO,sUfil,U,*^lrclWB ,,>r *•« bi'*tM>i •»«* mttedemocrats,weshouldconsiderthatthechival- gdtor,hepeople. Whydotbflpeopkouuide oi feecarry heretofore assumed to belong wholly to tBe el . V * Yo.kdemardthlslesWatlonr u M t ^ c C ^ grars :s growing between On aagstooes in our interi^occasion,tookusbacktofiftyyears ago,inat- therebeingnoreproduction offood forthe he should livetoseethe opinionsoftheSu- tempting torevivethe spiritwhichgavebirthto want of labor, all that could be found on the preme Court materially changed on the que*-*South was transferred to the North. Mr. towns and ciUes, snd the farmers 6T ih. Suie Uuaini'toa the value of their nda w b^ing reduced » y um dbcnsntplantations or in the Southern g%naries, and aAdrain,whiledenyingthetruthoftheTri- He thougliltherewasnodaogarastothe»*!,tlemanly and parliamentary fashion, and af- Territories of (he United States and holding fords a striking contrast to the mode in whichno saying where the United'States would have been by this time.We do not wonder at the leading organ oftigation o f t h e Poblic Printing—Pro K a t s C o m m i t t e e , & « .OCB SPECIAL ALBAKT DESPATCB. AiAurr.Jan »,1SS9take the appointments quite indignantly, and declare them to be nothing bat tools of Weed and the Regency, and unworthy a position in their party.Governor Morgan, in hat last two messages,hasex- pressed a boly horror of the lobby, and baa denounced It bitterly; bat in these appointment* he has selected three notorious operators o f the third house, who have been Weed's errand boys snd telegraphsfor the last ten years. H e tried to get Governor Uark to appoint oas of them,buthereplied"thatitwasmarethan he could stomach—it would make him gag." A n attempt was also made to induce Governor Ktop to fire two of the number positions. His reply wag, "tbst if he fchouJd the blood of tbe Kings would rise HrVr-iiinpflirm." Governor Mor- gan, however, Las uki-ii them u;l. ao<! Fwallowed them without the least d'tUcufcy. ti; in ty bave uk<?uUus coursetogetttteuia*»yIfuaitheiulAty, intostvn*bis sew u has Oven a la.iilaOl- out.1 iiuoerMaod U<a. .ifiiJ»ufc will he presented to the Sei.u.c before tht.r couu/ukauon, thowing their exactfor him, considering the tone of his mes- Wit :— Thafirstsectionoftbeactentitled"ansetrelativetotbesage to the Legislature at its opening in ouifctruction ofrailroad* in dues,' passed April 4,ISM.ia hereby amended ao aa 10 read a* foliowa:—The CommonCouncilsofthesevernlcitiesofthisStWeshah not berealter permit to be omhtru.•(•.-1 ixi eltser Of tot sb-eeu penetrated is he with the idea of peace and or avenues of said cities, railroads for Ute trantporuuio of pawebgers. without the consent thereto of a majority, In inte- rest, ol the owners of property upon uV streets tn which snid railroads are to be constructed, brlus; first aad'andioaSun- evenaddressesamessagetotheLegislature ed;ff-rthepurposeof naceruUnlcrwhatconstitute*aaid nwjortty in interval, reference iba 1 be had to tae aaaaaaedto believe that the bill will be passed by bothhouses and approved by the Governor, the their legislative enterprise. Last witter they obtained authat Congress has the right, and that it is its ol their profession."comity and good neighborhood," GovernorMorganandtherepublicanLegislature,who sucheilectupontherailroadsasbadbe*orepresentedbe- are ready to pass a bill to deprive the South- fore the committee.warned tbe Legislature agauist the paeaaire of a i.-T,? weretojudgefromthespeechofMr.Adrain,of jhtakind They.nam-dtantiortythoasaaa %&%& ^ ^ u ' « corj-oratiun He aooid calU " J !case of Dred Scott the judgment of the Courtit Chief Justice Taney was expressing thejudg- moral courage and fidelity to the principles further tesnminy, r,.!, ann w w ,«*., ^ ^ n *he regarded as a man of marked ability.2'iJi* ^^JT"" * M*«»- col** tare of cottoo, rice and sugar would oease, and ment of five others besides himself. Indeed, Hon opoolne ittttBvn* «.ir..r,4. In-tr rt w •te*° £?TJt° *" •—**«*»hur- evilsof a moreuniversalcharacter. Thecul-.of Indtana, « d Grow of Peam^yemls, was . that of tobacco be to a great extent discon- there were only two who substantially differed ley on slavery, asd his mode of tu b - Ml,ex*n.pcns milk at*. . r « a.'uch* J ^ l * " • ^wt farMtataofanyrsJhesdSiiwwwsilisetadasdduty correctone. ITmessoetsofCongresswishto tinued. Fourmillionbalesofcotton,sixtyto fromhim. Inonepointonlyoneoftheother question,butMr.Greeleyww mu^tl•tossitosil The fsrefomg section shall sot be seventy thousand tierces of rice, one hundred three Judges expressed dissent Only Justices avert the disagreeable striotares of llmpr*.nK tl0 b|Hisno ,O;.IHh.,tthat ttwiU pa*,,,,,. &*£**' fadingb.a..i«fc.ta.ee,..^r,iytha,£ HiW^ ottuewhich he upholds. H e dinVred with Mr. Gree-ever a for.gofce cncciMton: they w;U re*,'n * i;»-,.. gre tThe ( X « n H ^ Ifafs e<\h<irr>e«t. *a,tWhat is Thought of the Appolntmtmt of Harbor Masters—CityJUtllroavda Before tn* L.e|fUlat«re—The Position of theHarlem road has been in the past quite successful inarjiuca at much length in favor of the Pro Rata law' Itwas bis opinion that a law of that kind would not hareHe w s s iojowed b y Thomas G Alvord, former Sneaker of the Assembly, in befcaii of the petitioners. He re viewedthelemarksoftherailroadmenupontherurhtof domain, and from that proceeded to epeajc of the Grandheavy lreights. Tbe real competitor of"tbTXee,*VorT railroads was the Erie Canal, l o e Central^road n-euhn. their freights on their line In a<xordancel^wltttlna. 5 5 2-a ta.kiog «»: g»v« !• a t e..4, UMM«.The nv mutul jfcab'H tutu the eU'M,*n.a*„f v - Yuia bad F.. f) V r^ t Mli;«J s I'. n«' '. t i>•••< i.c»- !"« to <uy. ••y m*tow.tb a nt:n.t>er w m-m-vr* ot ;riat »>•- 11 Id „ ><4'g » i:.. n » ti.i.li, A l- • . ..i : .-)(£• ; sw H nnt h any r-tv.••; ,.„,.,,,ti_.B, laI.-','i.t 