 ,(5 VUBTW6W8V•mfO*«sFEVtSONAL.w»jXAKCTIBLIVO., tfe* &, J«*4 f—Governor'Cb^ teji8 the story that when Lieut.(Jov. Newman of Tennessee, was in Cincinnati with lady is taking measures- to secure a divorce. Unlessalreadytransmitted.And first as to Politic*, *»* **>• impending Presi- |.^^*5^^^means within the reach of every farmer in the, }£&-»o earnest and general a determination to deserve be profitably grown a V ^ oent« per bushel, it is and fury against Northern manufacturers, to ticklethe ears of non-interceurse groundlings at home, it—ThePaiis correspona>itof the Courricr dcz EtaU- About and M. V^adin, both belonging to the Editorialand achieve success, M do the Republicans of the cheaper for the, J^mmI tot j * £ were gone", sore-yfth! yah 1"—A Boston man, troubled with a chronic ayfepepeui,fratemHy—-AJoout only sending a challenge after re-performed.BENEFIT TO-MORROW NIGHT OF THE ELM-STREE*goodly number, some of whom can c o n t r i U t e ] iters are One Hundred Millions out of pocket by Gov. Wise, the African slave-trade, and plenty ofjcay have to advance the Good Caus/>. X oannoW mistaken in affirming that, wit'a a judifcioua for thirty to thirty-five cents per bushel at hundredsnation, though incomparably the strongest for all stimulated; millions of acres not worth owrong a nouncing great men as certain to be present and to. make *peecix?s, Thus Fillmore, Crittenden, endH » TegioB that can be* made ar> Charleston, will few years since are beiDg fettled and cultivated; Everett were promised to be on hand; but neitherfor. the Cause. As it is in Iowa, so will it be else has been a journalist for ten years, having once ed-asked the President, a few days ago, whether he stillor near the equator a counter current, poseessiug the adhered to hia declaration made to bim sometime since, MR. RAHNKY AGAIN AKROESTED.—On Monday morn*'where.• —-As to Business, I can only reiterate that, thoughfee North-West now labors under very general pe- •cwiary depression and embarrassment, matters are atewly improving. The aggregate indebtedness ofited The Utica Herald with marked ability."Mr. Marston, the Doorkeeper, has been liberaltoward New-York in bis appointments. Capt. N.Darling, who filled that post m the XXXIVth Con-gress, is now First Assistant. Capt. D. was ap-fame unifoimity and reliability, I shall be satisfied. The advantages arising from such a discovery can hardly be determiaed."ing labt, THTE TRIBUNE contained an account of <tbe> sor. Mr. Buchanan replied that it was h a wish to see a arreet of Mr. Adolphus Ranncy, of gift book enterprise,pointed lieutenant in the 2d dragoons by Gen. this lection—I mean the indebtedness of its citizens Jackson. He served in all the Florida Indianpresumed to be solvent—is leu than it was this day campaigns, and was appointed captain in 1841. •««, two, or three years ago. Many ilkw.ooe hare After his resignation he was a delegate to the Balti-delegation from New-York, and against the Hunk- being a very tall speculation. It may be added that rich in corner-lots and wild lands have been ers. Born in New-York, he returned to that State this lake of Seneca oil, which it is alleged exists indent Lord, of Dartmouth College, in which positions act a friendly part by those men appointed under him. mans ont of a small sum of money. On being takea are taken that seem incredible When the standing and Upon being further pressed, he expresse 1 his intention before Justice Quackenbuab/the prisoner waa com-—that thousands of broken merchants, speculators, XXXIVth Congress. He formerly belonged to the<&c, are becoming farmers, and that most nsen seem poliee in New-York City, and is now a sound Re- publican of the metropolis. Mr. Marston has also resolved to get out of debt, even (where they cannot placed two other New-Yorkers in good positions,swear out) if tbey have to dig out—a slow process, viz., Messrs. Coppernoll and Ensfield. The latterspeculators are flocking in, mountain gorges that to hew our wood and draw *ur water ?. And what and that Charles O'Conor was to be i is successor. The circumstances of tho case, as related never were worth the taxes on them are selling at form of government shall be over them but taat which Proh pudor! We thought there was eome reason forfabulous prices, and the times of coal-land specula- is adapted to their comparative rudeness and imbecility, the abjuration of his faith on the question of Slavery, by Mr. Yvhling are as follows: In response to Mr. tion in Schuylkill County, and gold-hunting in Cal- and conservative of the general system ? The chiliren last fall, and that the mission to France was the indu- Ranney's advertisement for clerks, the complainant ifornia, or pearl-hunting in New-Jersey, are being and grandchildren of our present abolitionists may yet cing cause of that act, but it would seem that he had called upon the prisoner, and was engaged by him>.be the first to introduce a harder serfdom than has yet eet.liis eyes upon a more glittering prize, than an JEm-reenaeted. The Government may destroy industry, been known, unless, indeed, they should themselves be baesadorship. His argument in. the Lecunon case is to make collections and to attend to the office. Asbut a sure one. And, though it is up hifi work to -establishManufacturesintheWestunderourpres- ent tariff, efforts in that diiection are still resolutely made. I visited-on my way out a manufactory ofis a German. He has appointed another German to office, and has thus emphatically recognized that important branch of the Republican organization.but it cannot destroy speculation. compelled to eeli themselves for bread, and Buffer thethe crowning act of his abjuration, and if he dees not, after this, get the much coveted object of bis ambition, in CHse of Mr. Taney's resignation, it willjonlv be an- other instance of the danger ofTHrninR Turk for two-peuco Or the Grand-Vizi«r»hip,surety for the faithful discharge of his duties, Mr. Ran- neyrequiredadepositof$100,whichwasgivenby Yehling. After having obtained the money, Ranney iosisted that Yehling should travel through the State of Pennsylvania at his own expense, and sell trashy booksburgh), which, though not yet in operation, is cal*-anlated to do a very large business, and I hope aprofitable one; i«r such cars are greatly needed.the consummation of the arrangement, it is said, but wanted him to take his pay by commission on sales. that the ' Presidential mind, like the vand i on Salis-bury steeple, suddenly veered in a Southern direc- Whenever the agent had succeeded in finding a cus- Mr. Bridges, recently of The Chicago Journal, resolutions, and denounced any man who might bid —Mary Wilson, white woman of Adairsville, .Gft , tion, and it is not known whether it will ever point tomer verdant enough to buy a book in such a blindfold.more Convention from Louisiana, in 1848, andon't seem to be entertained. So proposals are afloat here, quietly enough, for a gigantic purchase of all the oil-bearing region, the pumping process to be first tried on our pockets, and afterward on thegist: s official, and.settles the question as to Ik Jr. Buchanan's upon discharged, the evidence not being deemed suffi- " Without a miracle, I eee not but that slaves will choice. cient to convict him. Mr. Ranney subsequently sent yet be called for in New-England, and by New-England —The following caustic remarks in relation to Mr. us an elaborate puff of himself and his buahaewj, which- men—slaves having the attributes if not the name of he designatee as legitimate and lucrative, and requestedslaves, and possibly to worse condition than we now Charles O'Conor's course on the Slaver r question, as us to publish the same, which we declined to do. Oa- complain of m reference to the South. Why not, if our connected with a prospective appointment to the Chiefprc8«nt government should last another eighty years7 Judgeship of the United StateSjappearm'^j&z&tworc Tuesday morning, Mr. Ranney was again arrested on For Yankees will not perform the menial work of life. Patriot of the 11th inet.: a warrant, by Detectives Tieman and Devoot iesued» Tbeyareaboveitnow.Theimportedfreeservantsof "Wehearitwhisperedinquarterswherethey byJusticeQa&ckenbueb,oncomplaintofValentine.-Ireland and other countries will soon be infected with ought to know better, if it had not been s >, that Chief- Yehling, a young German, of No. 7 Elizabeth street^, Yankee independence, and have the means of living^keen roughly dispelled by the rugged experiences of. 1857-8-©, and thousands who fancied themselves voted in favor of the admission of the Barnburner' oil-fountains. The thing is said to take well, itawakened to the truth that they are poor as Job'sturkey,andthattheonlyreliablewealthasthat .-which enures fromJWork. Hence I note with sat- isfaction that tiiere will be a far larger area of the JUrth-Weai in Grain next season than ever beforein 1850, and was a radical Democrat till the repeal the bowels of the earth, must be an extraordinary oftheMissouriCompromise,whenhehelpedtoor- affair. Ihaveseenlettersfromthatregionwhichganize the Republican party, to which he has .ren- dered valuable services.Mr. Ira Goodenow, another of Mr. Marston's ap- pointees, was an Assistant Doorkeeper in thejname consmcuously at M ^ K j S ^ ^ e o ^ asou* next President. I am greatlyfa^yigj at-thfedemon-:the publication of a Republican paper at DanviDe VennilKon county, Illinois. Itfayoi, the nemfeaaa,! of Lincoln for President. ' ^ACADKMT OK MUSIC—This ^^^.^-iii^ •£: appear in the character of ' . . J> *"•» Patti ported by Brignoli ^ ^ • . w 8 ? m ^ * : characters T • "* >mo<J,0» in % cbaaciers. ^ m m w % p w Freyschute wffi W * - peatc„,orQ,aJogttime^0nFfWavM<JJe# ^^ggWill male her farew^/j appearance in Paecini's Opera ^affo, and on Satur'ia7) the last of the Patti Matinee** is announced, wb^H Rossini's sparkling opera will beJoctore aud their stuff overboard, and proscribed and Wolfe of New-York was much admired for her beauty wAYv—Lefj arfi«te8 du Theatre Francaia donneront une* practiced for himself, thus: He goes to one of th^ at an imperial ball, and that that lady " a cethiver, un representation extraordinaire an benefice dee viet&ne*with proper appliances and a few years' experience,sugar can be produced as cheaply, pcwod for poundand hogshead for hogshead, iu Southern Illinois orIndiana as in Louisiana. I kegleave, to be under-stood as not commending the above-named Evap- 2 ? f t S f e S P ^ i authority for refusing to despise companied by hia " body.servant," a sprightly,'saddle- orator as better than all or any of its rivals, but as ^ J ^ ^ J i ^ m . and do you not know of colored " boy " of about thirty, who was conscious ofeimply mentioning it as the first ever brought to my ture th7 ^owledge, that that contemptible crea- his dignity. BSe master, who waa in the habit of jest- weiglr *musketo, has beenknowntomoveamannoticethatgavemecogence thatuotsirupmerely, nwrF "nS^Wpounds,andkeephimmovinga whole ing-withhimfamiliarly,accostedhiminthehallof thedentialcontest.Ne**r»>«&»»ata P«TM>*ten cheaplymadefromthenewly-introducedplantbyFROM THEJWR^H-WEST.Ifear we arenow t a ^% Jdd o n e .f o r rfiav0m'.-•'.»* ;r&•mon/x Enquirer, ingathering up Northern adver- carried you off)'et?" "Yah! yah'f Mass' Newman,joonths anterior to » election, and while as yet nocandidates were i» nomination, did any party evince die State*. In my judgment, w ^ ^ y corn can ^jotli papers. While The Enquirer Is breathing fire arm in arm wid Gubner Dennison and Gubner Chase, Unis, relates that a d;aej had taken; place between M,ti*\ng which, by agreement, is to be published ill {qunth Jack) when I seed you gwiue down de streetmake their own sugarthan to bny it f>om abroad. And if there be still tising goods for these same groundlings to buy. after passing over a year hi the Maseflchosetts Hoa- used-_Bmaii aworde; wounds—a ucratch; fight to betobased, so nrucij the better for my argument. than this ? 'But undoubtedly, the thing pays; and is it possible to present any—The Stages I have traversed are completely clearer exposure 6T the nonintercourse lie than gridironed ^ t h Railroads. I may be wild in esti- the exhibition of such facts as these ? Yet I mustmeryearjsrapdlyincreasing;whileappropriatedoc-wnentsaxe not onlybeing circulated, but paid for, in mating +'jto ^oat of those now traversing the three 28th ultimo a sentence which says, " We would ad- preferencetobeggingthemofMembersofCongress,State'4ofOhio,IndianaandIllinoisatThreettan- "viseNorthernmerchantswhosympathizewithis cunningly victimizing the same class into adver-Arp$&&«arebeingformedalmostuniversally;the bettermachinerythanthatonwhichthisopinionis Now,waseverabiggergameofboshenacted pital,withoutgettinganynearertocure,thijewthe re1,ewed.ThesamecorrespondentsaysMissFlorence VICTIMS,ATTHEFRENCHTHKATRE,NO.585BROAD-MufcWyd *$ t&> moment County and Town- Tcang men evince especial ardor and devotedness inceiving ' econd and the grossest insult. Weapons a Ethe preparationsJfor the struggle; the circulation ofBcpabljcanjournaJs, already greater than in any for-Krbaivea twice every day, at 5 a. m. ar^j 5 p. m., trips' grand Sucre's dans lc monde Parisicn." Americans,de l'incendie d'Eim street:—// faut q'une porU. soildre d Millions of Dollars; but I think that is not far " the Abolitionists not to be too eager to sell them— " o n time.'' That Is, take care how you trust•weathers, has been grea*^ ^jjeyed, and is expecting aThursday evening (to-morrow)—for the families of the —George D. Prentice says: An Eastern editor, nine persons v*ho were bnrned alive in Elm Btreet—andlor of any Gentral organization. Hard as limes are,aearce as money is, an autbentic call for a meeting f'sm the trutb. Of COUT*©> tbey could not to-day goods to the South, for when you ask for payment tofoima County Bepublican Club, in almost any sett for over Two Hundred Millions—probably not you will eurejy be lynched. Ko\v this is candid. It^frozen over, be p ^ ^ a carpet on the ice, and goes in not intellectual. We don'-t suppose it is. Our brains ' ent of the entertainment which is so excellent 1o&IadmitmyselfsurprisedtoseeinTheMonitor oftherimselfofclothing,anddivesinto'<ne brinyfciement. asusu8l,askedmanyinvitationstotheballinquestion. onvcrtcoufermte, Lechevalierdesdame*,(tLePicco-tHe then rubs himself dry with Vco»rae towel, and re- The Emperor and Empress did nj)t dance, owing to lei. Americans who cannot speak French will bear iaam,shome.Thishehasfollowedthroughoutallthedeath*ofieDuchessStephaniei)fBaden. mindthatthinisaworthybenefit,tobegivenonundertaking to describe us personally, says our nose isare not in it." •hose acquaint*d with the language. «—Mr. Theodore Tilton, in ThJ Independent., nor•Sorts only, ethers money also if needed*; bat *\ their construction. But the actual valae of these Northern advertising ! I think that Canity Fair, Palladium, foe $10,000 damages, for publishing that he rates an interesting story of a colored man named Ed- There ia a new band of music organized for, the. wadytogivefreelyandcheerfully'Wb*ate.*er"t&eyroadstoihepubKcisequaltotheirheavycost.ifnotPunchhimself,wouldfinditworthwhileto jvaechtfrge'i^idikidnappingandsellingintoslaverywardBachus,nowsixty-threeyearsiofage,whowasSeventhRegiment,andledbyMr.C.8.Grafulla.OrCCoin is now selling quickly and in vast quantities have this paper on their exchange lists. It is a con- ;mcgrobyyv He waa, in fact, arrested at Philadelphia, born a slave in Hardy County, in the great State the evening of the 21rt inst. they will give a ConcertMforthatsum—eo that theirstockholdersan^;cred- is thoughtful. Xt{sevenkind. Itistheadviceof Western County will assuredly bring together,* a Monitor*-a Southern Monitor— who advooatee•nherethereisr^opening.—George V . Bishop of New-Haven has sned Tlie315tinuous joke, rich and inexhaustible. ai>d changed with kidnapping a boy fifteen years old; which has the double honor of being the "mother of i mt h'4 soon produced the boy in Court, and the case was President*" and the mother of slaves. He was the sonIdonotthinkthe*'ConstitutionalUnionParty" dirjaissed—theCourtbeingsatisfiedthathehadtaken ofanativeAfricanwoman,whowaskidnappedonthe •any every Electoral Vote of the Northweat as worth more than half so much in the absence of movement will amount to much. Their great meet- tae boy to Alabama to ride race-horsea. Aa T/te Pal- Coast of Africa and brought to this country in a slave- against any candidate but DougT^aa; white his nomi- railroads. Industry and improvement are thus ing was got together by the common trick of an- ladium promptly published, his acquittal, there is little ship. The child, before be was five! years old, wasat the Academy of Music, assisted by Hills, pianist; Schroder, cornet, a*»d Mesdaraes Colson, Strakcscb, and M^Eers.Srigelli,Junca,andAmodio,withMessrs.- Mnzio and Bergmans as conductors, and M. Strakoscb: in the piano accompaniments. The Committee have voted "not to have the members of the regiment in. uniform," but the band, we lean, will appear in uni- form. It is to be, of its kind, a great occasion, special- ly honored by the regiment, and why they should notappear in uniform is hardiy apparent.•BLOODY AFFRA Y—Two MEN KILLED XKJX Otf£ FATALLY WOVSJ>ZV. — Groat excitement has been caused c uring the last two or three days in and around Port Ewen, Ulster County, by a bloody affiray which? occurred on the ice near that vi'lage on Siturday last- The facts, as near as our reporter could learn, are ae-nomination on our side, we ehaU certainly ofinlandstationswhereitwouldnothavebeenand the Mid-West is advancing with measured but of them came, nor did it appear that thore had •vtffik the. chances decidedly with us m Illinois: Okie, steady steps to the full development of her un- been any warrant for announcing them. On theequaled resources, the realization of her magnifi- contrary, it must have been known by the managers Ifidrigan, "Wwconsin, Iowa and Minnesota are that they would not be present Yet the hope of3Jepttblican aoyhow; but, if Desglas should n>t be cent destiny. The cultivated area and the aggre- seeing and hearing tbem drew together a/large 3Mrminated at ChaiVjston, tfeey will hardly be con- gate product of Indiana, Blrnoifl and Iowa in 1870 crowd out of mere 'curiosity, without a single feel-wiH be at least double these of 1860, while their ing of sympathy for the movement. However, as iwtcd. Illinois gave Fremoat 96,187 votes; if the managers had succeeded in extracting lettersprobability of its beiDg mulcted in any serious amount. sold three times—twice with his mother, and the thirdThe Sydney Herald gives an account of the rescue time away from her. At the third purchase, the price of two European girls from Praeer Island, believed to of his body was paid in specie, which was counted out be the only survivors out of all the passengers wrecked upon the grass, under a green tree. The money was in the Sea Belle. Tbey were taken from the natives afterward spent to buy a tract of land in Ross County, of the Island on the 22d of October; were found sixty Ohio, on the "Big Bottoms" of the Scioto River. miles inland. The Herald says: The girls appear to " Since I have been free," says the venerable man,Wrery reader Indiana and Illinois doubtful States,years; their appearance is heart-rending; their bodies, -aaa does not give 150,000 for the Xepub- population will be increased during the next decade from the illustrious trio, these letters were read, emaciated from long suffering and exposure to the'ftcan candidate next November, I am content to be by from fifty to seventy per cent. I regret to add •and it was curious to witness the general stam-weather, are covered with a coating of hair; the skiij, staked by their tormentors to assimilate with their own, had become spotted and wrinkled, as if from old age; the nose has been flattened by force, the. limbs distorted, and the vacant stare of idiocy has left these poor creatures in appearance human, and although enabled gradually to recognize such things as tbey•feat the n«h to " Pike's P«ak" in quest ef gold m pede which followed when the reading was 34,375; she will not gfwsne less then 130,000 for :1860 seems likely to more than equal in magnitude, wer. The -audience moved off by dozens, feel-Vranded a false prophet. Indiana gave Fremontoar ttc&et tbi« Fall, aad I trust it will beswelled to 140,060. Now, it is true that the population of ttwse States has been somewhat increased during tte isterveaing four years; but, on the ether hand,though I hope not in unpreparedness and blind in- ing themselves hugely taken in, and evidently caring nothing for what speaking might happen.faster during the last fifty years land in Ohio has risen in value than slaves in Virginia. The old man is no w in the City of Brooklyn, laboring to raise the necessa- ry funds for the redemption of one of his children, a young woman twenty years of age, the only ono at pretent left in bondage.—Ben. Peiley Poore of Massachusetts is or is to be Clerk of the. House Committee on Foreign Relations. This appointment, coming from so distinguished aUlster County, two brothers and their friend, took a sail in an ice-boat oa the Hudson River, on 8aturday ftflternoon, about 3 o'clock. On arriving opposite Port. Ewen, they fattened the boat to the dock, and went into a tavern to drink. While there, three IrishnenT belonging to Port Ewen, took possession of the- boat, and sailed around. One of the brothers, seeing them in the midd'e of the river, went to them and ordered them out. Angry words ensued, and the young mao seized the tiller, and threatened to drive them out, when one of the Irishmen drew a knife and stabbed himinthebreast,inflictingamortalwound.Tbo whole was witnessed from the shore by the remaining brother and his friend, when both started td the assist- ance of the injured man. On reaching the spot theyfound him dyings when cheyrushed upon the Irisbnsenyswearing vengeance. As they reached the boat, oneof the Irishmen seized the tiller, end struck the friend'of the brother a .terrible blow upon the head, and hefell insensible upon the ice. He was alive at last so*counts, but his recovery is despaired of. The remain-ing one then started for the tavern, and obtaining a-pistol, returned to the boat, and shot one of the Irish-men, instantly killing bim. He then started for Ron-dout, pursued by the two remaining Irishmen, but horeached vhat village in advance of his pursuers, and in-stantly gave himself up to the authorities. The young;man who waa stabbed was buried on Sunday. Thefatuation, the kin ired folly of 1859.« . -6.The meeting held till only a little after nine o'clock. Yet, in that time it was formally resolved that the party should be established, and that it could- lickFROMWASHINGTON.all creation. The Chairman, Mr. John S. Littell, must have been in the habit of seeing hourly^ beforeisagormine Sir Forcible Feeble, a good, clever, they fell into the hands of the natives, their acquaint- aonstructing Railroads through these States in %6 NEW-YOK*: STATT., AJ5D THE SUBORDINATE AP- quiet-enough citizen of one of the rural districts; ance with their mother tongue is, as yet, apparently•even-eighths of the large voting force employed iahas since been distended, and much of it his gene POrNTttEKTS VS THE HOUSE—THE NEWSP APER but-utterly deficient in prestige, weight, or position.quite gone." Other Europeans are believed to be prisoners of the blacks on Fraser Island,If his caliber is to be regarded as an index of that of the movement, thtn it may be set down as small indeed. In addition to the meeting beginning in this small way, it closed in a smaller one yet, by a•*»d^vo€*«r ±a Jbe States of Micbigan, Wisconsin, elective appointments under the Bouse organiza- but never to be such again. Beside these names, theIowa, and Minnesota, which gave us a littie ledi tion, she has not been overiooked in the-selection of call was signed by numerous patriots about tow a, furnished the journals there with an apology for the•^lewhercj and tfce change thus effected will tell •fcnoDgjy jn our fever. I lodk for a BepubSicanaggregatenextNovemberofThree^KindredThouPRESS.Frooaoor Special Correspondent-Of coarse the Eastern .Republicans laugh at the telegraphic reports and letter-writers' gcesses that• *i some irresponsible caucus. The delegates from in the.New-1fork Legislature. Gen. Sherman was Iowa will go to Chicago to nominate a Presidential a member of the Aflsembly^of 1857, and was placed ticket—the strongest ticket possible—and to this on the Committee ef Ways and Means, and Com-comes torpid in Winter, it has its own seasons for hybernating. Yet it is a strange, mysterious im- pulse of no other animal than the human one, ever latent, even in the most disastrous times. Look at the gaunt caravans to Pike's Peak, or the famishing purchasers of lottery policies at our own doors. Speak gently of the Stock Board, or of paper at two per cent a month. It is all speculation. There is a constant straining of necks to get the first glimpse of the next advancing hobby. Then comes the straining of consciences. Even now, when business, money, and public industry itself, are all hybernating, there is a rare new speculation begin- ning to electrify in certain circles. You know thatin Western Pennsylvania they began the other day to puijrp up oil by the cargo from wells which it cost a mere trifle to dig. The cry here, is that owners there can't get barrels enough to hold i t The idea of limiting thecomplete and perfect order, I shall (mylife and heaith being spared) solve the problem. I nave determined net to neglect the opportunity, which the time until then will afford me, for making observations in the lower latitudes. My object now is, to make an exam-1mad will be glad to listen to the suggestions of weil-haformed friends at Washington or elsewhere; but*hey go unpledged, uncommitted, and fully at lib-arty to hear all suggestions and then do what shallaosunend itself to their- unfettered judgment as bestmerce, and was Chairman-of " the Committee of Sixteen," which was second in importance o»]y to the Assembly itself. Mr. Speaker Littlejoha often intrusted the duties of the Chair to Mr. Sherman, in his absence. Precisely what plaee he will hold under Col. Forney, we do not-know; but whatever it may be, we are sure he xvilljill it. Gen. ShermanIrishmen have been arrested. Tiie brothers were ination,of the upper currents, ascertain their course, cumstances of the affair in a matter-of fact and naive named Hilzec. Tfaey resided at Eaopus, and were velocity, &c,, at short distances to and below the tone, .which rather enhances than destroys the horror aged respectively 20 and 22 years. The eldest waeWASHINGTON, Fe%. 13, 1860.Wbor.ghNew-Yorkhasreceivednoneofthe speechfromJacobBroom,onceMemberofCongress,—Prof. T. S. C. Lowe has turned up in Charleston, Chairman as Mr. Corwin, is a compliment. MajorPoore,itissaid,wonhisfirstspursliuthe"hard cider" campaign, his partiality for which was evi- denced more recently in his barrel-of-apples feat. He will be a very efficient aid in the cultivation of " for- eign relations."—Mis.MaryHowitthasaddressedanoteto Tlie Lon- don Critic denying that she has joined the sect of Swcdenborgiane, however she may. respect them as a body of Christians, and believing there are many deep truths in many of their religious doctrines.—A curious book has been lately prinjied in London, for private circulation by Sir John Simejjn. It ia the cotempoiary account, in ItaJian, of the murder of the monster Cenci, and of the execution of his unhappy wife and children. Tnis is the document, we believe, upon which Shelley founded bis tragedy, and an ex- tract from which, in English, ia given in Mr. Moxon's edition of Shelley's works. It relates the horrible cir-ttaa One Haodred «sd Eighty Thousand in '56. ftubordinates. most of whom had goods to sell, and you know thesemysterious disappearance of himself and his mammothsilken globe from the cognizance of our citizens. Hesajs:" The mammoth air-ship City of New-York, in whichUnion-saving meetings are capital advertising Ool. Forney has widely placed Gen. E. M. Sher- dodges. But it is to be remarked, that of our aanporter of Buchanan's liecompton poUc^ should I man of Utica in a first-class position at the Clerk's whole daily press, the Democratic journals aloneIf an open opponent of the Homestead feiU anda t Charie§ton*be put up for 'JPresident, his vote in - these four j&ates will hardly be worth counting.•post there waa never any question among political notice it, speak of it most contemptuously. Take Owing, however, to unexpected labor, which, from ^friends w opponents. Speakers <Eaymond, V*r- it altogether, it was as great a failure, as can be the great size or the ship, it waa difficult to foresee, nura, Hccrtt, Pruyn, Littlejohn, « and Robinsoc, imagined, and will neither make nor mar the pros- and'the delay to which I was subjected in the construc- ifce delegates from Iowa to Chicago are-committed under wfcom he served, gave Mm an unqualified in- pects of any hut those who figured in it. The whole tion of the mechanical apparatus and other equipmentsla A. B. orC. for President; just as tiae Western dorsement for rare capacity. Whoever has seen . people laugh at the similar rumor* that everything him in t&e desk at Albany has been struck with hishas been " arranged " at Washington, so that the almost anaryelous skill as the-chief recording officer of a delibjgirative body. He is the author of a val- Chicago Convention has but to ratify fcr.e decisions uable manual of parliamentary practice, as appliediI .d<esjk^. Geo. S. has beea Chief Clerk of your As-aeznbly five years. Of Jbia eminent capacity foe the trick, and-so help it along. The others which do next, I built laet year, designing to start. in October.commend this movement. They understand the I intend to make a voyage to Europe in May or Juneto the ship, it was not completed until Novomoer; con- thing is really below contempt. sequently, I decided to postpone the first experimentTell it not in Oath that speculation is dead. of practically testing the theory of oceanic aeriel navi- • Speculation never dies. Like the snake which be- gation until Spring, when, as everything is in the mostiaire.'. When there i^ fto 1ne dives from a boat; ifrftra-ihushed up, the case will briog up past circumstances not at all agreeable for high personages.—The Hon. Cassias M. Clay arrived in thecity, fromNew-Havfn, yesterday morning, and is staying at theresidenceofPrankW.Ballard,in.Bank street. Gunsin honor of his arrival will be fired in the Park this \onitorisactingsecondfiddletoTAeRich-witha"Why,Jack,havn'tanyoftheAbolitionistsmorning.1 mi 1 "i?1 <tar, that? Beside being the organ aforesaid, Neil House, just before the departure of the guests, but unexceptionable sugar may be aforf*** * « ^the Kentucky and Tennessee Legislatures, he was ac-f Cfbe about the respective ages of fifteen and sixteen" I have lived in Ohio, and have walked many a timeover this very piece of ground. Laet year it was cov-ered with corn—a great field of four hundred andeighty acres, without a single cross-fence to divide it.But," he added, "no ear of all the crop fell to myshare!" The incident strikingly illustrates how much' follows. A party of three young men from EsopusyS.C,whereheis"bewilderingtheSouthernerswith his aerial purposes, views and speculations. He hasequator, to see,if I cannot discover a.return current which attaches to it. setting from east to west—a theory in which I havestrong- faich. In the thirty-eight voyages I have madeabove the cloud regi ms, between 47° and 38° northlatitude. I have found \though not always at the same altitude) a current setting from west to east, reliable in its course as the Gulf Stream. If, then, I can find atI :'stabbed, and the youngest shot the Irishman. The lat- ter is said to have been severely injured in the affray. The names of the Irishmen, as well as that of the other young man, the reporter could hot learn.Sh* John TTolawny, the Welsh barcjnet;|and now, after aecperation of!Bfnw» time from her busband, (on whom she bad settled by contract about ;j £2,000 a year), thePOLITICAL.—The Cincinnati Enquirer says that a gentlemanthat he desired to see Joe Lane of Oregon his succes-—A remarkable letter has been published by Presi- man nominated at Charleston who, if jlected, would celebrity, on a charge of swindling a couple of Ger-Sumping to the number of barrels to be had, profession of the writer are considered. Here is its to use all his influence in favor of Breckinridge. Thispel!<d to disgorge bis ill-gotten gains, snd was there-give most marvelous accounts of men growing sud-denly rich from a single well. Thousands of gallonsare pumped up daily, new wells are being sunk, will be our servants ? Shall we have cooliesor Africans ing his seat on the bench of the U. S. Supreme Court, ulent representation*, swindled him out of $100..Repudiationofrailroadindebtednesscontinuesin f>roperchastisementoftheirfather'ssinsfortheirrebel-some of our Western Counties under a new aspect,ion against the government of God." iOf Mr. Marston himself, it may n>t be amiss tosay, (for he has been misrepresented on this'point), the townships of Washington County, the tax levied —Pittsburgh enjoys a scandal ease. The wife ofin spite of repeated decisions against it. In one ofIron Passenger<Car8 for Eaihwads at New-Brighton, that, though he was formerly a Democrat, yet he by order of the Supreme Court, to pay interest on Dr. Hays makes formal charges of naughty behaviorPa. (on the Beaver near the Ohio, below Pitts- was always hostile to the extension of Slavery, and bonds issued to railroads, was attempted to be col- toward her by the Kev. J. M. Smith of the Presbyte- for executive power ' goes by kissing,'at ^aahington, by subscription. Mr. Ranney declinedto furnish evenabove servile labor, on their freeholds! Then who Justice Taney contemplated, some time since, resign- who accuses him of- having, by false and fraud-has been 4or some time a thorough. Republican, and lected of one Grayble the other day. The officer rian Church. The clergyman denies, the charge, and as well .as in Constantinople. When all w is roady for samples of the books which he desired his agent to sell*,was unquestionably removed from a post in the Treasury Department on that ground.levied on his horse and advertised him for sale. the case thus far is not strong against him.Meantime the people met, adopted strong anti-taxWhen our railways shall have been provided with who has been appointed Assistant Postmaster of for the horse. Sure enough, when the hour of sale was recently arrested at Chattanooga for trying to run again O'Conorward or not. The general belief manner, he was to send an order to the gift-bookthe House, is a quasi New-Yorker. He was in- came, though a big crowd collected, yet no one off a negro. She was in man's apparel. Whether she smor-gst the knowing ones, is, that ii. will not.them, such calamities as are now far too frequentwanted;to free or sell the darkey does not appear. An impression somehow prevails, that if )ur venera- individual, and if it suited his convenience, ble Chief-Justice should abdicate during 1 x. Buchan- he would forward the volume desired. Mr. XebU —One day last week in the Maine Legislature there an's administration, our distinguished townsman, Rev- iDg declined becoming a party to such a one-ducted into the craft and mystery of a printer in dared to bid, the horse was returned to the owner, thereon, especially from the running of one train the office of The Montpelier Watchman ; received and the new dodge at repudiation was successful.ievers.. ACCIDE equestrici practicing]•anetwithfij » nature Jjorfceniatt-•She, or be, withtbe g stand on.iato the rear of another, will be precluded or greatly his diploma in the ofiicc of Tltc' Albany Evening Things generally have settled down so quietly, was an interesting exhibition, by a procession through erdy Johnson, will be his successor. Were this to be sided arrangement, and demanded the return ofmodified. The director of these works assured me Journal ; published and edited TU Brocfcport 8inco the election of the right kind of Speaker, that the Senate Chamber and Representatives' Hall, of the case, it would be the best act of the President'shis $100. This request the proprietor of the "lucra- tive business" declined to comply with, but, after being threatened with the terrors of the law, he. at last consented to give his note for the amount. Hav-ing obtained this receipt for his $100, Yehling waited until the note was, due, and then presented the same for payment. Thereupon the liberal man of book* laughed at the verdancy of the German, and said that he never intended to redeem hia paper. Yehling thea procured Mr. Ranney's arrest for obtaining money un- der false pretenses. Tho prisoner was taken to Head- \ quarters, where several other young men appeared and made complaint of having been swindled by hint out of various sums in a similar manner. Augustus Wulting of Williamsburgh lost a deposit of $50. Frank Porceila of No. 17 Baxter street gave Mr. Kanney $105, and was to receive $40 per month for his services. After having worked for" the accused three weeks he was discharged, having received $7 for his services and lost his deposit of $105. Geo. Rule of No.221 WillUun etreet, complains of hav- ing lobt $100 by a similar operation on the part of Mr. Ranney. This young man was employed to go to- Washington, but after losing considerable time he was paid $10 and discharged. Letters have been received by detective Devoe from C. T. Wright of Georgetown,' 8. C. This man appears to have been an agent of Ranney, and says in his letter that ke had sent the se- cured an order for books, and inclosed $30 to pay for - them. The letter was registersd, and its receipt ao- ,knowledged by the New-York Postxaaster, but Mr. :Watchman from. 1843 to J848, since which he has some of our doughfaces are encouraged to think itthat he expects to make ears almost completely of been engaged in journilism in Illinois, of whose would be safe to repeat the operation with a Presi- eight giant men,.viz: Gen. Henry P. Cotton, Sheriff"Wrought Iron, at a cost scarcely above taat of the House of Representatives he was the Clerk in 1854. dent. The election of the former has been followed of Lincoln County, 291 lbs.; N. A. Parwell of Rock-life." /—The Petersburgh (Va.) Intelligencer asserts that the Southern Conference scheme will not he acceded to. Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Maryland, Texas, North Carolina, will not follow South Carolina out of the Union on frivolous grounds. Indeed, there are indications that the Carolina ultraists will be left alone in their glory in the wicked work of pulling down the American Union.—The following is the resolution of censure on theHon. H. Winter Davis, which the Maryland Legisla-ture passed on the 9th inst., after an excited debate :Reirtved, by the General Mtembly of Maryland, That the Hon. Henry Winter Davis, in voting for Mr. Penninfrton, the candidate for Speaker of the House of Representatives. ha» mi»- repreeented the aontimento of all portions of this State, and thereby forfeited the respect and confidence of her peopleA resolution*calling on the UepreeentativC to resign was rejected. . jMr. Miller of Cecil offered the following preamble and resolutions immediately after the vote on the Davis resolutions were taken: ;Whereat, It appears by the public prow of the country, thatthe Governor of Maryland has placed this 8tate in a folic positionby presenting his cong-atuktions to Mr. Pennington of Now'JeiM-y.o Black Ronnblioan, upon his election to the distin-guished position of Speaker of the House of Representatives.prwooden passenger cars now ia general use.by a spasm in the stock market, which has sent up land, 235; Sumner Whitney of Presquc Isle, of theI ies-At Peoria, lUjoois, I visited the first (nearly the efficient Secretary of the Congressional Repub- general unloading, and then a spasm the other way. House, 235; Raymond S. Rich of Thorndike, of thelican Committee during the last Congress. His aach to be some four hundred feet long, wherein the Mr. John W . Jones is the Chief Messenger ofMr. George A. Bassett of this city, has a respon-sible place in the Post-Office Department. He was some descriptions to a point at which there will be aSfinate, 262; Samuel C. Hamilton of Biddeford, of thevenily hope that be may not be disappointed.«emplete) of five or ax brick three-story structures, present position is worthily bestowed.aDenced, it is bovedt in May next—a very admirable able services to our friends here in the long and catechize a few of our dealers, hot as to their goods, occasioned by Judge IngersolTs death. Among the Porcelain Clay being found in that vicinity, while bitter contest for Speaker. We believe he has been but as to their principles; but, in some signal most prominent named are the Hon. Alfred Blackman Coal abounds on every side. The leading citizens connected with the Western press. cases, they have discovered that the latter were not of New-Haven, now the Clerk of the United StatesMoney is down again, and plenty enough at low House, 254; Enos Phinney of Jay, of the House,254; rates. The hotels are filling up from all quarters Mr. Morrison of Farmington, 250; and J.W.Davisof East New-Portland, 245.—It is understood that a number of the members of an active Republican of Ohio, and rendered valu- more. Some Southern buyers have undertaken to the Connecticut, bar are candidates for the vacancywith buyers from the South, while the impoverished CoL Forney. He was Assistant Door-Keeper in West is not eo well represented as aforetime. -variety of crockery now imported is to be com- the XXXth and the XXXIVth Congresses. He is Everything promises a fair Spring business, but noManufacture of fine lottery, embracing nearly every• f Peoria, after extensive and careful inquiry, have So, however, it may be with New-York, and for sale, whereupon the union between them was Court for that District, and the Hon. Wm. D. Ship- strict Republicanism in the elective offices of the dissolved; the other Union, however, resisting theiaveHed largely in this enterprise—of course, with House, neither has been overlooked in the second- shock with encouraging obstinacy. I am per- man of Hartford, now the United States Attorney for-yefereDce niher to the growth and prosperity of ary places. The newspaper press has certainty suaded this system of cross-examination will be that District. .their city than to the profits so confidently predicted "by the proprietors. I nm right glad that none of this investment was made on my advice; and yet Ibeen liberally recognized.FROM PHILADELPHIA.found not to pay. There is a sturdy determinationhere to resist all such espionage, and my opinion is in Cincinnati last week, called on Mr. Longworth.it will be quietly abandoped, and that, when we The following colloquy, among others, ensued: inaugurate the Chieago nominee, even' the fire- " What is your aget Mr. Longworth ?" said one of-do hope that this enterprise will prove a success, MAKING DISUNION PAY—THAT NEW PARTY—A eaters will be quite relieved in consequence of the Kentucky delegation.mltor bin R X A I .E lthough I am quite aware that many preceding it have resulted in failures. Should it ever attain a paying point, the value of each acre of land between the Wabash and the Mississippi will be enhanced by that triumph and its inevitable consequences.NEW SPECULATION—MORE REPUDIATION-having blown off all their Bteam.FIRES.F1IUE.IN SEVENTH AVEXI/E." Can you not tell by looking at my hair 7" replied he."Well, no," continued the Kentuckian; "in our State we do not determine by that rule the number of years a man has lived."^ ^ 1 ^ plant with certainty', expedition and profit The model of "Cook's Portable SugarFIRE III OAK STREET.good for live thousand majority in March. This is a where he was required to answer the complaints of the the thoroughness with which tho State has been can- amination, the accused was held to await a further in-BUSINESS AND MONEY. Froaa Our Own GwToepondoot.Kbro—t: **. 4m 35x100 »-«oh,l •1.425; •£ 1J I lot n. » l l JMuilu: 1 i*tlRCM Oyifeerdey raa ©^ocraer of ?< ever tbo fix w>riMAN 1>RO*Slock, Oil U w u drov.oe Wkhoat «uc«iCAUTIOIXiSCH TO S Logical Kxan Show tixo 4i. .BATCH!¥*CTOU.<C, 3JPHILADELPHIA, Feb. 13,1860. You must have so many things to remember,,---c--"Ido," said Mr. Longworth, "and a very good eo, whether privately or officially. 'i l e i t i s . Now, mark me; whenever you see a man These were also adopted by a vote of 33 to 25, alt- —Although the last season was, by reason of un- good and useful ones at that, that I doubt not you was occasioned by tbo burning of some Btraw in the with hair as scant and gray us mine, set him down aa hough Mr. Keene of Dorchester stated that the Gov-have forgotten our having in this city a weekly pa-The alarm of fire at 11 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon rear of Scbaffar's brewery, No. 91 Seventh avenue.being in the prime of lifor-or about 70 years old."ernor assured him that the newspaper rumors of hia having congratulated Mr. Pennington on his election were unfounded, and that he was not even aware thatitoeiy frosts, a very bad one for the production of BKgar, and even of Sirup, from the Sorghum, I hear witA satisfactioB that this manufacture goes steadilyy a a has been devised by. which sugar—actual, veri-teble sugar—if prco?uced from the jnice of the new quarto form for The Monitor, where they reappear Boyd, and was aligntly damaged.per, called Tkt Southern Monitor.suggested this important fact in former letters. read this publication regularly, firat in TJte Inquirer,No loss was sustained save in the destruction of a few bundles of straw.—The funeral of J. W. Pitt Kinau, one of the last ef the pure descendants of the ancient kings of Hawaii,I think I have IFIRE IN WEST .FORTY-FOURTH STREET.of Mrs. Meyers, No. 201 West Forty-fonrth street, in took place at Honolulu on the 2?th December. Keoua, where its editorials appear originally, and having consequence of the carelessness of her children playiDgthere enlightened one audience, are fired up in—The Republican State Committee in New-Hamp- that sum is severely felt by him. The prisoner wag ... with/a lighted lamp. The building is owned by John the great grandmother of Kinau, is reputed to have rhire have canvassed that State, and put it down as taken before Justice Quackenbush yesterday afternoon,in conjunction with a few fire-eating paragraphsmade for Southern use, and a copious sprinkling of Black of the Fourth Precinct, discovered a fire in the"Bvapc*aior" shown me »t this place, with, the advertisements, the whole, under the circumstances, tenement house. No. 38 Oak street, and extinguishedmaumerable certificates of it* mceeufal use, andahespecimensofsugarthane*resulting,leavenoofthething,thisyoungthundereristheor- worknearbyslightlyscorched.The'iirowasletnmiI" 4 i*»omiordoubto/tbeiact.Jfrtofy. */&/ f* £Jprevioustothatevent,afterwardawarnedthewaof p1856,formakipgaFremontspeech,hascommencedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pahjof horse*, when at the corner of Vorty-ftftJl ttw*rbdkvetiub gi»ofQoveTDQTWTM, and*<*<*>yeekplacedhieIbyacandlebeingieitburningnearthe<mrtflin,RUNAWAT ACCIDENT.—On Monday afternoon M& —G.PriceSmithywhowasmobbedinWheeling,Va.,JohnH.LeewasdrivingdownBroadwaywithafineAt/a-late hott» Monday night, officers Toole and course of spectators. The stock of Aliis is dwindling down to a mora handful.vassed in years past, the result of the elections seldom varying more than a hundred or two votes from the canvass. •':/.. _'':..;vestigation.- A Madam Howard,celebrated for her intimacy withmaking quite a fumrp-affair/ Tointensify the humor way. A window curtain was burned, and the wood- the French Emperorprevious to his marriage, andw h o m on *•bestowedahandsomeincomeimmedkteivthe flames before they had gained any head-—The Kentucky and Tennessee Legislatures whileWright never heard from Ranney, nor recovered his On Tuesday morning a fire occurred in the dwellin/r the dynasty conquered by Kamehameha the Great, Mr. Partridge, his Secretary, had visited Washington. $30, Being a poor man, he complains that the loss ofhr—ipna were predated at ftlLm MM• ••< .•• ' ''••':'•'•Ji!ipossessed the highest chief blood, according to Ha-waiian genealogy. The funeral drew out a large con- pleasant u*suranoerand the more so as we call to mind three Germans above mentioned. After a partial ex-Untitled DocumentCITY ITJEMM^< '../yhat they will worthily bestow their money indepen- www.fultonhistory.com••a**** 