 H—*nST3 jDEA THXs 'KANAGAWA,Japan,Feb.25,1860.& •:•tempt to pia!,? Continent.. .'J1 the settlemi'T.from the MUI»U Atth<- iin-t . \ ge*eee, in W>% second fined'jinco,andthet'ir drinkshould1e onfirst,second restored in-j^ showed no 'ire;1660.Thewnn• Bigbnej*, iht. Richard CroniT.\ ' wealth. Vh*,M Oelfonthereeto landsj>rodigahygrairt»i»g awftv t ;' SirWm.Bcr}thathethank i in the colbny.. the history of V lion. She ha<l I duty*, to the (Jc we had a pronii thebust, r*o^.e. VnigbtJl Provide oovery and «e*t '•> coeded to enilojiFROM XePAST.following news, astounding to us- who aro dwellerss-Intmitof the-city, and'bthormeasures of precautibnTKE POST-OFFICEDEFALCATIONiPURTHER PARTICULARS.spoken ofas likely t o have drained Mr. P b w & FAs you already know, tb> illustrious D r . onSieboldisagainaresidentofJapan. Hecomestwrfctogathermaterialforthecompletion ofhis atwork:on Japan. Doubtless,too,his knowl- e of Japanese affairs enables him to be o f essen-restoration of the shattered elements o f old partiesdutyfirst,andfeelingafterward; Insuchacase,I wouldarrestmyownbrother."\As to his hospitality, it was large and elegant, but could hardly be deemed prodigal for a bachelor in the enjoymentofsuchanincomeashis. Honowandthen gavesumptuousdinnerstopoliticalvisitorsfromthe Southern another States—dinners, perhaps, costingNOT'CONFIBMEI).inperorbndorderedthatt£o rffiof « jSgj^MSSfeSteAngular divorce case has just beon*dccided in *plenipotentiaryto theCourt ofYeddo. Though InthenewssummaryofthelastNew-York Observer, itnglaiid. TheeuitwasinstitutedbyMadameValerieMr. Alcock happens not to be very popular with"Alcoclc is a sagacious man, o f large experience in a sort of Desima. No! gentlemen, Japanese coinOriental affairs, and I believe of ui&incbing honesty is still made of sterling metal, and all foreigners are living on the solid laud near unto the great city ofwad integrity. "While I cannot rally subscribe to Yeddo.,. .•., ' •',.. • . £ jids positionsonthecurrencydifficulties,andthe We arefeeling,thesweetbreathofreturningThe excitement caused in all circles, but especially , and in theyear 1854, the petitioner was living amon& the Democratic politicians of this city, by tho vmotherat Paris, and supporting heraelfby intelligenceofthe heavy defalcation ofMr.IsaacV.Probably the mode in which Mr. Powlerscmailiul- hjsresources and tberesources intruatedto^m^^ never be ascertained with precision. Whatever ^ °t do not think England could tb-day supply histhe grass is starting by the path-side, t h e flowering placewithabetterman. p *V cherriesandplumswereinbloomafortnight ago,and Consuls, t h e Japanese Government agreed to by the accident o f falling into the doctor's hands,| ' ivher kihe respondent sought every opportunity to ah-> jprot a Government mint mark on all foreign? dollars, and am now compelled, like the rest o f the world, loy liter, so much that she dared not appear on theexpressing their value a t three itsibus each. Thisstamping o f dollars is expected now daily, but, for to take that city at a distance. I find there a r e rtage, The only excuse the respondent gave for notUnited States Marshal RyAderB the following state, as the Marshal's connection with it lias extended: .GAPT. RYNDERS'S STATEMENT. ;On Saturday, as tlie public already know, Mr. H o - ratio King and Mr. Orfutt arrived irom; Washinjtrton,manfolding the power he did in the Democratic organ- as his vote showed, o f his old friend in the PiewetCfflL ization, a n d being embarrassed fo r money and h a - inet, ex-Secretary Guthrie. These thingg ajt^l^L nged with fear, could fail to make his position and 'mentioned at thiB time in order to contradict mWmminfluencepaytributetohisnecessities. .- , andmaliciousrumorthatMr.Fowler,atChajJei^B Prom these, and other calculations o f a nature not did not oppose the vote o f the New-York Delegation,on without rrMrh tledPlymouLh b; America now piimn»ea«nrably a existed or ever < were an evil, i t !• But Freedom 1 t o r y , a n d i f c L subjugated ni<all tbe Stiite*« \v< Northern State*- tbeabolition!of The Constitut: .1providing for the that at present t me»" in the Soutl Slave-trade. C6be bad alway« gaveahistoryo stitution, andA a cL'uit«. . IHe contend;:C eecaping' debtor. riot b e returrnd eolemn covenant hesitate to reta; concurred with V sin, if any, to be vant. The ncjn-treasons too many to give in detail, I think even this arrangement will M l t o keep t h e dollar up to its standard of value..comparatively f e w members of j the JHouee, a n d erfoming the marriage'was, the displeasure of hishouses and stores at Yokuhama, i ot by the row orafreet, b u t b y t h e acre; while foreign ministers, .'bumpered by doubtful powers, have been writingdispatches, they have been building houses. T h e foreign merchants have- too large investments o f bouses at Yokuhama to so much as raise th e ques- tion of leaving. Since the mountjain will not come t o Mohammed, Mohammed must come to the moun-•obligedtoleaveFranceandcometoEngland,withher Huntandmyselfawaitingbin). He/flieiideliveredto outside calculation—three thousand dollars in hi.sliticalactionhasoJ'lateseemedtobeentirely'^ otjaer, where she resided since 1858,. gaining'a liveli- me a n execution, o r warrant of/arrest against Mr. pocket. |;.,.. .; "? trolled by tbe views o f Messrs!. Owin; Shielda, ^fcqd as a restorer of ancient records and: documents.j Powler. . . .he real question was, whether 4,ho parties, being This document instructs m**, ,whereas Isaac V .ranch subjects, and incapable of contracting marriage Fowler is a defaulter to the Government in the sum ofhat country, a marriage in England was valid. Sir $155,55-1 31, to, firstly, levy/On his personal effects to us. And before giving our own theory of the matter, friends of Mr. Fowler havenothing to say in deftng"gracefully as possible to the force of circumstances; jprotesting, on paper, against the occupation of Yok- ohama, . and tacitly allowing i t . li is a foregone Conclusion; .the Japanese are masters of the held, -andVYokuhama carries the day against Kanagawa.Trade is active. A dozen vessels are in the bay receiving cargo, which goes mostly to China, with an .occasional venture t o England or the States. Therearenotlessthanthirty,foreignhousesinthe trade. Japan has lately discovered a new article ofexport. Maj. FonblanqUe o f the j British service is -in the market purchasing horses for the great Chi- nese campaign ot 3860. Hiswants are 3^000 iorses, which h e obtains through t h e Japanese Governmentatanaveragepriceof$20to$25.Several hundred have already beeii purchased, and, judgmgfrom their looks, Japan is likely to be rid of some 6orry nags. But w e need not be scrupulous aboutthelooksof"pack-horses,andhorsefleshfor'the cuisine, our French cousins declare, is none thetimore when they shall reassemble next month, are amazingly discordant. There are those who think the boner is n o t so badly bursted but it can b eulace in England, the /parties must be bound by the lpjw of that country, and however unfortunate it.might .for the lady, th e Court must pronouuee a decreeto attach the properly of tbe sureties to his bond.I advised with Messrs. Hillyer and Hunt aa to tbo best course for me to/pursue, and concluded that I wouldtheir:judgment) this catastrophe has-been precipitated. • They say Mr. Fowler had a mania for dabbling i nble nature wrecked and ruined by imprudence: u tman capable of the finest and most generous feefingaFROM EUROPE.ganypublic functions. Report further adds TheKangaroo,fromLiverpoolonthe2dandQueens- »ceumTheaterinLondon.service to bis country, although be is not exer- he hate hie own private commercial interests toentertaining hispolitical friends, and also allowed necessarytothesupportofthat prominent positionin andtheofficersoftheOldDominionSociety.lookafter.Hispresentfreepositionmustcontrasttownonthe3d,arrivedatthisportonTuesday -j-Thecritic9fTheLondonSpectator,speakingstrongly with his cramped imprisonment in Desima in the times gone by.\V bile the Goveroorrnavc been executing public offenders, the Japanese in m y neighborhood have Honealittleexecutionontheirprivateaccount,alter the good old fashion of karakiri. Within pistol-shot is the daiban of Oki-no-kami. Thisdaiban is an iu- dosure on his estates occupied by iis retainers and servants. There are numerous, houses within t h e. inclosure, and an arsenal, moreover* o f weapons o f warfare. I often hear as I pass the outcries of prac- £eers of the sword exercise.' I t *:ems<that duringmorning. She brings no later news.The Bavarian arrived at Southampton, and the Johnpersonal expenditures,.they were liberal and on a scale Virginia, now associated with the Rev. Dr. Springiinduce a conclusi He was 1'rveto as cregational Ghur there to be hear! 1jCCtof Shivery, i Puritans.\He?:CH when the appeal V interestsofthet^b • vide for that ncces He calmly review ties of the Soei<*?y, series of facts; eel' from eomewherc. the respective sum. of the Society fort' Balance iulaw ....18S1 1863............1 1854;.1X55 „. XoOv*•'* • • • •*•*•' 1657..>..........•1858.'.. 1859Hechargedthat: Foreign Aid move: t*who had made the the necessity for p •Thirty-five n:(!r«duruuc the past y ti thtit the British, iud that tho great qu'ts OHesion was whethi occupy the pulpit 0Mr.'E/Git.BJ^T resolutions adopted been sustained -hii appeal had thereby He said that bw s ashamed. Hi$ uio piire. He arguoil that a church l^ud 1its owii ixmuediave Mr. E. W. fkjjjtidn having bejei r declared the meed:•<- .....T) (heEdi(or tf T>e 2Sin: Allow nu- sertion of your cor KailroadGdmpajy any part at-all in • l>e«t.proof of thi>. if Kailrond hare Cooe the foot of Fritne * bridge Overithe pel reach tbe Soutliwa xieN*eradopted thei ment of your cji>»re ferencetoUie'Saut capitalofthat eba tnoueand dolkirs.The Ixmdon Post understands that, for the present, $ n s sword practice, on one day of 3 ate, three men, the Duke of Argyll will take the duties o f the Post-lich we knowcf no parallel in the whole history of il stage." f•In a recent volume of poems, Mr. Ernest Jones thus ^||ijnes the master passion of the human soul:all such as might legitimately have been indulged by a man in possession o f his ostensible means; and again we arc forced back on the question, " In what mannerwho bad been drinking saki freely, got drunk, and from drunkenness went on to high and quarrelsome words. 'But, instead of proceeding from high words to blows, as most men of most countries would have done, they then and there disemboweled themselves.Taking,.in fact, very much th e sane revenge th e yoor >Tenchman did, who, enraged at a bank that would not redeem its bills in specie, tore t h e dis- honoredbillsintoathousandtatteru .T h e Russian Gonsul-General, whojseresidenee hashitherto been at Hakodadi, arrived a few days sincein Yokuhama Bay in a Russian gun >oat. He, a n dJbii family, in winch a r e several la lies, have takenup their rewdence at Yeddo. A fleet o f seventeenOiBc«i in place oi Lord Elgin. The fame journal says a nh a dbeen"What\Blove? ItIBthoBtriviugOf two^pirita to bo one; ' •'",•.Sweetue«B hungering after (swoctueao:Want that thiriCtetli for completeucBs;PlanctH twain decreed to b e • Each othor'B dear necessity, '•<Kach from «ach Its light derivingTill th<Sy melt into a BOU."all postal duties proper were concerned, Mr. Caldwell has vouchers signed by Mr, Powler acquitting him i n full of any complicity, other than that o f the know!-,' ,.' edge held by a subordinate of malpractice,, or a t least very doubtful practice on the part of a superior.,Our own theory is, that three-fourths o f the entireamount must have been expended iu efforts, constantlyrequiring to be renewed, to cover up an original: deficitof not more than #40,000 or $50,000, this deficit havingoriginated during that period when Mr. Fowler was' one of her gifted sons, the Hon. George Wadungw *Russian armed ships is expected here shortly. • Thisdemonstration means something—what, i t is diffi- ceipt of a hunting-knife, and breatbingthe most friendlyfriends in tho Department,at Washington, who knew of his defaultings, and who assisted in covering them up. The warrant held by the United States Marshal,cult at this moment to say. I t h a s a look toward territorial acquisition. Russia's great need i s a barborm these seas, commodious, and accessible.Bakodadi .has such a harbor. Itj not only'com- mand* t h e approach t o t h e Amoor, but, unlikeexpressions toward. England. The following is a copy of the letter: -" - .CABINET ORTHE EMPKnon's PAT.ACE) OF THK'TUILEIUKS, April 16. - Jditional day.::'?'??:,'year. Russia would pay liberally fo r the Island of it is indeed, as yon say, a real masterpiece of its kind,v (h i t . Douglas andtiiet." ..,'.Thayerwouldnot be abadxesso; perhaps Japan wiH sell to aj purchaser who * yX?*i,to market with sucb a fleet oixnerchantmtn !J a a a5 S S S S S S , P cannot willinvgly spare Yesso.and his Majesty has deservedly praised it. The offer waa the more agreeable as the /Treaty of Commerce Keema to'have inspired the idea. Tliis Treaty, you are right in believing with him to whom you attribute the happy mediate, will strongly contributeto'increase the relations, and draw,closer the bonds of friendship be- tween the two great-nations who march at the head of±-Tlic Boston Herald\B very severoon the Hon. OB. Caleb pushing. It .declines to descend to the his- t-ijy of so.great a commander, but vituperates him all 11isame. '' What are tlic wishes of tho DomocratloA Say y.UUnzly. - -.• * * v J>au," as published in many* r T ^ t •'IMfWlf r o m Jawith an affected diffidence, to c o t t ^ ' f f j S S ^ S Possessingashowyfigureandaconstitutionofiron,ceremoniesofanoccasionHOrepletewithPwOM|gp in tsses of Massachusetts to him? Why should they apparent, though no doubt it will be developed in the Mr. Powler bore u p tinder the terrors which must est and so suggestive Of patriotic hope andjex^T^j0itLnrSL^T***lf*WWandtbJUnifcdStates,civilizationandindustry.Receivethen,gentlemen, from the Emperor the thankB of which I congratulate „r m i ( A / 1 1 ( , T v c , t n a t * baveseen is comically myself on being the interpreter. Bely gentlemen, onsElhd between him and his desires ? It is true they course of the investigations now on foot. have been! harassing him with a fortitude having allcI cted him tb represent their wishes, but then he is • It is not true to say that Mr. Powler has been vic-el cted, ha! ha! poor- deludod Domocracy, in these timized to any serious extent hy the borrowings of po- the characteristics, of callousness. N o doubt during commemorative, not aggressive. . , ;, ^ «*racS?2^a^aK^MOCQUARD.%my distinguished consideration. hlKn A( r mod JBJT ««n«s Signed.The subject of this dav was alike i\miote from TM? ^ "troversicKof politics and religion. Their duties T ^H* ^ - eswymiormmgmaaudiencesthathewasinformed. ,>• SecretarytotheEnjperor'HChiefduCabinet.. t;ies,withourlights'we"shouldlookwelltoNo.I— liticalorotherfriends. Ontliecontrary,nopublic " To M«f»r». Nnpior Brothers, Cutlow, Sheffield and London.the past t w o o r three years h i s mind miwt haveThe fame and achievements of their bTM*** jsafe from the passion and folly o f the P&»&*SjSHoweverwemightberent'audtossed,**ie^X^ti«wisdom, and heroism were written in a booK,»»^.graved on the rock with a n iron P«nt%leavw&aJ g ^ment of withering condemnation agamst us PmZ ^tered in our dutv or reduced the inheiwmce^w*for us. Societies like this were numerousin w j ^^U »*****•and&hedidhewas 3 f e h t J $ ' mclafictts have not before spurned this suckor from t ( jm. An incubuB is.none the less an incubus becauBO i; eves to ride. Now we would not care about Cush- Ir j if he was a man or had a gpark of manliness inhirf 13 artless ambition, but' to be bartered ahd sold as cat- II ,letthoseDemocratssubmit tp.itwhowill;wode- j i nnce and gibbet all traitors.-' ' "easy at this moment to show that, ho has received more than $50,000 in private loans from friends duriug the past three or four years, much the. greater part of this amount, if not all, still remaining u npaid.ThatMr.Fowlerhadamostgenerousandimprovi- dent nature, istrueV and that ho has at ^11times beenhad undoubtedly tasted ^m^com^^t^T°it t S H n ^ in the world, fo r ttu*j^££fe prime old Java, part of a Dutch s b & t ?rol Ba! tavm, which found no market in j L a fflfeSSST ««nermcaa»etoconsume it. Thterewasaia«;I quantrfyof itsoldat a low.figure!when KacSSrThe natives of Great Britain and <rfjCon<S .)*cou»*IIV^SS^90Ml*** "* l ^ e ^ ^^^^S^0^^!^^^g^Kii ofassiduousborrow-' 9o'clock *n;therey^^^^'^fe^^^a^^p^p his erfr—borrowersof small amounts—is a fact which his hetd;-,and;nro^ awaiting him a: telo-truefriendshave^formanyyeiu-shadreasontodoplbrev graiafroi^Measrs^ButterworthandHall,atatingrthdtropo who had come to tbo*o shores ^ ^ S l n e o t f * I tryoftheirbirthinthisway,and:.thisw**»o*F«g1 patiblewiththedutiesofgo^ ciuze^^w^g^of their -adoption. rAppluttse.] T h e ^ SSedet^JiasabundanV cause * * S ^ l * m celebrationofthelandingofthe1*^^,^tt,e«« hundredholders;itmmmup'• •-•'ani I; ;tbey so,nuxncrous, or so often gratified, as to give anyplaurfbility to the fdea that this was the chief drain on BOurces,/we can only i^y, on pretty good a ^ S ' Mr. Fowler's exchequer.. When tho worst came t o that eoeh expenses, if incurred at all, must h a V c 2 tbo worstj they could b e employed by Mr. Towler; incur/ed outbid* the City of New-York. A n J S ?:'";./ •''.:'.:- "'-'• .? d».wdHakdtod*m*Ubeunitedbytelegraph,a.daIbiewoa Ijolana,ontheoccasionofthemajorityoftheheirappa-iniholaitd: ; ^ * , ^ , » ' i ^ l wcrejiaken;..-?Sr W e h*ve IKJWI from J n ^ u ^ t e d f%SJSPSfJ&f* w S ? JTbdjEmperorol^^b*ingbuiltfromYeddotohi*Somwerresidence. Allthevessel* intheImperialfleetweretobeturnedintorteampropeller*,and oueofWm, theKiphou,hadalreadyleftonaVoyagwofdUeove-rnt,pardonsasregardsconliscationofpropertyin tlcte(lli>nthosewho took part/in the insurrectionof'andforveryeasyserviceinthePost-Ofllceasufttciency mo«ionthePost-Office foraFaUeiectiw-SS" forthemtoliveuponcouldbegiven.' -,, scarcelyyieldlessthan$4,000. Butofthis,MrJSJ :;And^nowlct;usexamine, before going taxthettthe ler never expended ontheorganizationin theS amount Ofmoney from all sources which \must';havo/ more tkan $2,500^ and the balance nmst, tb&iJ& RESIGNATIONOFTHEDEPUTYP0STM18TEB, passedthroughMnFowler'shandsduringthei have,gonetoassistfriendsinotherdartrfct«of«SVIEWS OF *IR. FOWLER'S FRIENDS.'jyfojkma&c affairs in Japan maynot possess ry. AnAmericanhavingdiscoveredacoppermine,ww pwniit- ite.. ted to -work it on prewiring to divide the proceed* with the Gov-jesekinterestforyottrgeneralreaders,butaspart Now,ofallthisnewstheremnotonewordof of V&4 history of the day, I transcribe them from truth, not even a foundation for so respectable atone j o time. Late Consul-General Alcock h a s eanard. Yet it i« a fair Baniple of the " latest news *w e e d e d by late mails his appointmentas Minister "from Jnpan," brought back to us b y eveiy mail.StatementoMIarshalRyndesrs.we hear, for the first time, that the Japanese coin Joacphjne Simonin. The parties, are both natives ofhas-been adulterated to one-third of. its value. Ithinkitisthesamepaperthatinforms usthat we; M jaaent creditable t o the Home Government. M r . are exiled to an island some few miles from Yeddo,, JierMaj<*styRsubjectshereabouts]itisanappoint-andMr.Powlermustowe$50,000inthia/ky for bor ertione aa an actress, when the respondent,M . Fowler to the U. S. Government, still continues on the rowed money and debts.All the foregoing estimates arc-ina^e on tho very Pr.Tate. may have played in the mystery, wzff alac, a son of respectable -parents, but under increase. On every corner the late Postmaster's friends lowest possible range, and yet they give from these for the authorities t o determine. I t ie gratifti^^jurnAseofmarriage,toavoidtheinterventionofpa- disputed location o f Kanagawa as a port of entry, Spring. The wheat fields are growing daily greener, 3 ontfi, under a solemn promise that, if. she consented toveloped,askinge&chotherifthisisnottheprecursor wayorotherinsevenyears. 3raadditiontothis,we underMr.Caldwell,hasbeenconducWwHliasS believe it is*knowTn that Mr-Powlcr failed in his pri- fairness as the position o f Mr. Powler could pert*to even more astounding developments o f official mal- vate relations—washeavily bankrupt, in other words— and that the Treasurer hdld« vouchers, fdgnedby iiljehiarriage in England, he would afterward marryberiftccordingtothelawsofPrance. Theparties Jitthepresenttimethe'Japanesdareexchangingthebirdsarecomingbackamongthe"jiines.One•fer-accordinglymarriedontheday.aftertheirarri-feasance. .•;•'•: .; Uptothepresenthournoadditionalinformationhasabouisixyearsago;andthat,onthatoccasion,the Postmasterinhisofficialcapacity,foreveryAiB^ amountofprivate.indebtedness'oyerwhichthespongewithdrawnfromthepublicrevenuecollected'mfa soourHiiipofg$10to$15perdiemintoitsibusfor-each applicant. Yhisisbutatrifletowardsupplyingthewantsof purchasersofcargo. Cargo caijbeboughtforftaibns 15 to 25 per cent cheaper than i t c a n b o bought with dollars. $100 exchanged a t the cus- tom-houseproduces321itsibus;2€j0ofthose'itsibuslittlepair,domesticallyinclined, were beneathmy windowthismorningpoking upstrawsfortheirbeenreceivedbytheUnitedStatesMarshal asto the waspassedexceeded$7.5,000. ' j i •whereaboutsofthemissingdefaulter,norhaveanydevelopments beenmadetendingto implicateMr. InadditiontoallLthis,itisnotpresumingtoomuchPost-Office ofthiscity. ; \W. Probablyunderthewhipofthisdeficit,'T&r^Jf&jL,'States.•A*MVI\ faordlyl>CSwajataken into t h e street will buy again 100 Mexican Correipondence of The N. Y. Tribune. ,<J©Bais. Accordingly the native merchant must, i f^er in Prance; and, on his exhibiting a reluctance t o lo sojthe petitioner left him and returned to the pro-with the Washington parties, wc have procured from annual revenue. H e was, moreover, mixed up with wTas for Vice-Pre»ident Breckinridge, with i ^ m t^Hand the South- n tinue t o hold ti tbojught the! « suiied to pen eever saw. ]B- xaeixUi were' cw •the[.right to .vi•feerevolution.nest,•'•;,.,:..:..'.'"-•.•"val,alicensehavingbeenobtainedbyafraudulent•eprascntationthatthepartieshadbeenresidentfifteenwouldalway ootkntrvsafe. de^potj'ij and ir-.t sn^es of free'Oc tioee 0 'any otb<FROMWuiSHINGTON.tayi on London. N o cohabitation took place, as the Fowler's friends or subordinates in his embezzlement. to say that Mr.'PoW'lcr's'influence at Washington and was compelled by the Administration to take >^n^,lititiibner refused to discharge her marital duties until ehewhere, mor/especially in the Navy Department, than commonly bitter part against Judge DeoA* ^ As some surprise has been manifested that Mr. P . wasbe is to receive dollars for his good:5, make his price W ASIONGTON, M a y 14, 1 8 6 0 .| o suit. A t t h e request o f the foreign Ministers I have been stopped here on my way to Chicago *cti< n. o f her mother, and resumed her profession,Sccrctary/Ployd in the sales o f fort sites t o Richard has long been on terms o f the most confid<^|Wffi*\ ment of all that has transpired i n the premises, so far Schcll^and so forth; and it is not to be believed that a macy; and next after Breckinridge he was ia fi,^Bell at Glasgow, on the 28th.,The Anglo-Saxon reached Queenstown about mid- one. iier powers are as''durable aa they are tran-nightonChe1atinst. TheLondonEraclaimstohaveauthorityforstat-ipi;thirtyyears,shepreservestothisdayherbeautyhas allowed his friendship for Mr. Powler, to wThomburdenedwiththose'relationswhichsometimesengulftinued: f• ..'^7ing that arrangements have been made for Sayers and Heenan to light again in two months' time..;:It is stated that the American subscription hi Liver- pool for Heenan reaches £700.rerson, her lovely voice, her ardent temperament, he. was under many and deep obligations; to g e t t h e a fortune, without betraying any sign of where it sinks. warmth and freshness of feeling, in a manner to better of his discretion. Of course he could not but be On the whole, his habits, so far as could be seen, wereAumng our native citizens, the New-England Society, is eminently conspicuous. The Society has a lar* number of members; it has embodied a.vast amounts weakh aaid talent: and ia its-aanual festification it JM never failed to bring prominent before the publics* men of genius. And tbis, I think, has contribute* hirgely to the patriotism of our citizens. Ii^ueaoedb| these examples," inst«irf d by similar feelings, the Tir* ginians resident in the City o f New-York baveawor oiated themselves together in a Society under the tpm of the Old Dominion, and are here to-mght for the pur- pose of celebrating its first anniversary—the ^ ^ J j S " parvoftheeeulementofJamestown,May13;1TM" To 'illustrate this event, we have invited from Y^P**ultimatumpent m by the English and French representatives on the spot, giving the Court of IV-kin thirty days to de- termine whether it will accept and execute the treatyin its entirety, and* comply with such other conditions arising out of the late outrage as the allies judge lit. j.ItwasconsiderednotunlikelythatLordElginmight!be met on his way to China with news of such a natureas would render his mission unnecessary, in which case lie would at once retrace his steps homeward.The Emperor Napoleon, through his Secretary, had written to ah*im i n Sheffield acknowledging the re-By the laws of tho Post-Office 'Department, M r . a dealer on the Stock Exchange. To cover $-10,000 orSummers, whom I now, ladies and gentfenwttj J»w thehonoiofintroducingtoyou. [Applause] j^j,GEKTLEMKS: The Emperor accepts with pleasurethe Anjcor^ it is not- frozen up and unfit half the the hunting-knife which you have presented to him; m n had better accept Eli's platform, and lake himperament-i-waB not a man to be deliberately dishoncstl He was one who had an unhappy facility for pushing painful subjects out of sight: Ho could always force himself to lOok away,from the dark side of any pic- ture; and in the midst of no matter what trouble, h e could lie down' on the first lounge o r sofa, close his eyes, and be sovrnd asleep in three minutes.1 -S 5BPB•PERSONAL,m . . •seven,years. His place, with its various perquisite, State. It is very certain that as much monw t S could hardly be reckoned as of less worth than $16;000 collected in Ur. Fowler's name, for the purpose\W*' ay^ar,whichiscertainlya moderate'estimate/^This ganizing campaigns,aswaseverexpended hyUat^i would give in seven years the sum of $105,0w). T h e political uses in this city, ' ^ 7 r defalcation, so far as ascertained, reaches tp ^155,000;only three Senators, gone thither—Preston King :arentB; and in consequence of the conduct of the re-' took possession of the Post-OHice, and had a n inter view with Mr. Powler, in which they fully explrand Mr. Simmons of Rhode Island being delegates, jpon^ ent, the. petitioner applied to the courts of Prance, to him the object o f their mission. But nothing 7as /and Mr. Wi-kinson o f Minnesota having gone on (ji'ho ' leclai'cd the marriage by the laws of Prance void, officially communicated"to me until I received a/tele-foreign representatives, Yokuharm will bo the port his own account. Of course, this is from no want he r jspbndent being condemned in costs; after which gram from Junius Ilillyer, esq., Solicitor to the/United past seven years n o t less (at th e very lowest) thancLs which r a n across the cheek wero BO.'strongly mjBrkedasto.appearlikesmallcords. Roubilliae,the sta iuaiy, who made a bust of him from. life, observed tin t, his countenance was that of a person who had bc< n much afflicted with headache, and he should have k I |wn the fact from the contracted appearance of the si; i between his eyebrows, though he had not been o Iferwise apprised of it.But as to the Squatter-Sovereignty organizationbeing able t o take the place^of the old Democraticparty in th^ North, it is a gross delusion. I t standson the mighty fallacy that one class o f men may ofright enslave another, and that whether they shallenslave them or not, is merely a question o f physi-cal geography. So gross, material, and insulting toGod and man isthis fundamental tenet, that it willbe swept away into oblivion while its short-sighted' jtit!Ii and did not much excel in sallies of humor. O ne to Orange County andto Staten Island in search of any• JDryden has himself told us that he was of a gravethan two regular deputies, for wnom I am responsible —Messrs. Joseph Thompson and Robert Donnell. A l l the vent of my men are constables, though I sometimes deputize.them for special purposes. I have sent officersand when he would lose the twenty, o r thirty dollars worth of chips originally staked, he would rise from the table and stretch himself with a n evident feeling o fidol of a mother and sisters, the pride of brothers as honest, able, and intelligent a s ever'man was bleeeed with. - J :mmiillfpDespite all the remonstrances at d protests o f theof trade, vice Kanagawa, omitted. In»vain have he respondent became very violent, frequenting the Treasury Department, stating tbat h e was/m route four hundred tliousand dollars ; while it is still more the wishes o f Mr. Buchanan; and possibly fa.$fal e t t e r s b e e n w r i t t e n , p r o t e s t s m a d e , t h r e a t s h i n t e d o f i n t e r e s t i n t h e a c t s o f t h e s q u a t t e r s o v e r e i g n s . a t f o r N e w - Y o r k , a n d r e q u e s t i n g t h e D i s t r i c t - A t t p r n e y j s t r o n g l y t h e c o n v i c t i o n o f a l l t h o s e w h o k n e w h i m i n - at; the Japanese have quietly gone o n putting u p Chicago; but from a commendable modesty o n t h e heatler, and when the • petitioner was on the stage and myself to be ready to meet him in my/office a t Gr e a s o n b e m a y h a v e e x p e c t e d o f f i c i a l p r o t e c t i o n -aafflpart o f members, or a diffidence in their own abili-' tytosettlethequestionsofpreferenceandpropri- ety of action there to be considered.The question of who shall be the candidate is in everybody's mouth, and there is but little unanimity on the subject. The nomination o f any one o f half a dozen candidates would excite no surprise.browing things at' her, so. that she was ultimately p. m.of that day. He did not reach the^office until 7 timately, that when he fled from the city last Sundayressv^ell Creflswcll delivered an elaborate judgment, tain. The foreign representatives! are yielding a s mains of the Pbarlestbn Convention will do at Bal- J ithe effect that the contract of marriage having takenthat Jiiiiount; secoudiy, in default o f iinding sufficientpersonalproperty,toseizehiebodyandcommithimto itmaybeaswelltodisposeofthemanysuggestions ofhisconductinthisparticularmatter,there-wouHprison, tbere to reinain/Until discharged •by due process made by parties not acquainted with Mr. Powler and ajipear to be felt for the man himself the «ncereet aa} oflaw; tliirdly,ifImfeffeetswillnotcoyerthedeficit, hishabits,asto themanner in which (accordingto. mostferventcompassion. A11speakofhimasofano-The opinions here as to what the caterwauling re-mended, and the tinkers are round with their patches titJEatJ the marriage was valid, and therefore the petition and rivets. B u t when the steam is let on again i t mast.be dismiseed.' ;; property which Mi". Powler may possess, and have dis- being released from a distasteful employment. That authors still live. It may take root for the moment o: os bon-mots, however, has been preserved. H e patched three other men in various directions to find he was now and then seen in gambling houses may. beThe Governor o f Yokuhama recently executedtwo Japanese who had committed thefts upon for-eigners: .HisExcellencywasgreatly horrifiedby a request from a foreign surgeon that h e mightnave the bodies for dissection. Tjhere have beenalso executions at Nagasaki of natives charged withfightingtbcincendiaryfiresbywhii'bsomuchprop-canDemocracywillhaveitsnewbirthandbaptismtiiieinhisstudy,'sheonedayexclaimed,"Lord,.Mr.Captainreplied,withsomeemotion,thatitWassoinfriends. •(. THE.OLDDOMINIONSOCIETY,newpartywillwasteaway,anditsdebrisaccrete vihhiswife,LaxlyElizabeth,whom,ifwe.maybc- accomplish.true; but he never entered them except when wishing to"showtheelephant"tosomestrangersvisiting New-York; and we believe that h e never in hia life risked more in any of these concernsthan just sufficient to pay the footing (as the phrase goes) for*himself andlii'e the lampoons of the time, h e was compelled b y mous and alone in the Free States, on the peculiar, oiiij of-her brothers to marry. Thinking herselfto Republicanism, till that party shall stand unani-principles upen which i t sprang into being. Ameri- n ? fleeted by the bard, and that h e spent too muchcounts up to date.ADDRESS OF THE HON. GEO. W. SUMMERS. The first annual address before the Old DonunioaSo* cietywasgivenonMondayeveningintheCooperInsti- tute,Col.>VM.M.PEYTON,FirstVice-Presidentofthtttotheirnaturalaffinitiesandnormalcondition.J.S..P..link!havemoreofyourcompany." "Pray,my i.zii}r,?'repliedoldJohn,"ifyoudobecome,abook, I itbean almanack,for then I shall changeyousry year.'.'. . •v.,«himself to be led into all sorts of unprofitable patent i Madam Grisi,'says that, "when she abdicates her speculations.Mr. BERKY KU politicswhichhestrovetoattain.Asforhisother PrayerwasofferedbytheRev.Dr.HOOE,hXtd resolutionhadt\o}t [ one,she will leave no one, even among the greatestMr.RESIGNATION OE >IU. CAT.BWEM,.William Caldwell, Deputy Postmaster a n dfully meeting his income of $15,000 a year; but not, so far as could b e inferred, very greatly, if a t all, inthe pastorate of the Brick Church. |'"'.>.'Col. PEYTON, after a ' statement o f the origia «o3< J her sisters in art, able to fill it so royally as she lias tondant. After a career of uncqualed brilliancy dur-Treasurer of the New York Post-Office, has resigned excess of that amount. H e was not (in any manner objects of the Old Dominion Society, adverted brieflyhisposition. ItispainfultoknowthatMr.Caldwell drawingheavilyonhispurse)'.amanofintrigue;or tothevariousnationalSocietiesofthecity,and:«0»POLITICAL.I -\~The S]>ringjhld Republican thinks that Mr.'EliT ayer's recent movement against organizing tho new Ti rritorics'" is of no particular consequence i n itself. I t a s a test of, the sincerity of the Popular Sover- e i nty "party it is rather a'good^tbmg. They ought to gc for it. I t woidd set them stiaight, logically, a n d e i ije them t h e disagreeable necessity of resorting to II \dodge of 'unfriendly legislation' togivo the-.squat-- t: s any chance at all against Slavery. Tho Douglas$50,000deficit,iu eachquarterlyaccount,requiredan - additional abstraction ,of $10,000 or $15,000; and thus It is quite evident that Mr.. Powler must have had —even hoping for,miraculous relief-from some sudden rise in th e value of a patent—Isaac V. Powler went on through the wretched months of- wretched iyear*, hiding the vulture that was pi-eying on his vitals, and a copy of which is for the presont withheld by the au- forced by the first false step to persist in a descendingthorities, and from the perusal of which even tho .press course, which became accelerated with every a d -TheHou*Mr. SuMMERsaaid that m the jnoata* December last, the citizens of Virginia wi&dieira** sce»dants, resident in the State 01 New-Yorkaw»J vicinity, holding an affectionate reverence f o r « ^ ° ^ of their birth, and deririna; to cultivate by suitable^ monies, lite memories of her history, and W f * ^ S intercourse and mutual charity and amity of teeWft^ all Unit affected the interests of the Old Comn»nwe«»> had instituted a Society to be called the Old VTMfT* Society. Native-born citizens o f Virginia, those w j scende'd from Virginian parents by one[8$*g*rSS persons who by former residence, had acquireu ciuw»-, ship there, were eligible to membership. . 1 -_,!«.Honorarv members were also admitted. „W3gm tution provided that tlie anniversary dav < > J t Q l 5 ^ S ,'should be the 13th day of Mav,and shouU be coauog*. •orated with suitable ceremonies in honor o r « * ^ S ment of the Jamestown Colony, May 13, !«»• » » ^ g been honored b y sm invitation from the ^ f ^ .Ar Committee to address the Society at thw its ^tTSwversjirv meeting, he came in obedieccOto the cau,^ jgrown accustomed t o the idea o f his position; but, Annoxionistagentswerebusythroughout-Venicein JIBiiehinhis..casemeansC.Cashing. Itis,however, maninthiscity,everhad-morejelevotedormoreself- aidedbyanexcellentdisposition,.greatstrengthandexciting an insurrection in favor of Victor EmanuelA Committee had been formed at Milan to receive,subscriptions for the Sicilian insurrection.• The Dowager Empress of Russia is expected to ac- company the Emperor Napoleon to France on hisreturnfromhiscontemplatedvisitto-Nice,andtotake upherresidencefortheSummeratFontamebleau. .It is asserted that a conspiracy against the life of the Emperor Alexander, or at all events to comperhim tot, nost remarkable thing that the Democrats of Massa- 'sacrificmg friwids than Mr. Powler; and it would b ecomposure of.nerves, and that fatal facility for forgot- ting wh'atHover might b e unpleasant,, he played his part on the public and social stage to jthe bitter ond. Though!aware last Saturday moi-ning- that his ruin could not long bo postponed, ho accepted an invitation todinneronthatday,andwas,toallappearance,in his uBuaJ^Mjijh spirits and flow of language^ until about•i-A. large and enthuBiaatic meeting of the friends-, of _5p«'<»*yom-cotemporariespublisbed'anaceo»ni; abandonhisemancipationprefects,badbeenorgantee4 31vDouglaswasheldm.W^ilmtogtpn,Del,onThurs*TheseSocietieshadnorivals or ^V^^La*- havebeenruinedc u.•tin f l ! ^ ^ Kanagawa on & 4 b of July, 185»« o f bhiijicra a l m o s t ludicrous. ThV S s w St. Peterwburg. Some 150 or 200 persons, chiefly < 17 last. Not a word was said in compliment to theother. O n the contrary, they excited n» X^o«« their efforts for delay were fruitless, and that ho mustj thy and resrH^ct. H e was sure they were » | g « g SBut in this category there are none who would b e >wnal,ontbe14thofSeptember,published,the-amongtheNobloGuard,aresaidtohavebeenar- Jl>n.J.A.Bayard,wboatCbarleeton"tool^bjaaatnkelytoaspireabovetheloanofonohundred,orat flyorbeaprisoner. j' toadmitintotheircircleasisterinstitutiontonu^*wte&t Certain suspected regiments were promptly ai iietired,"furthest, two liundre4 and fijfty dollftrsj aox woreA».tothofce "political expeaae#" which bay© been tho purpose o f coaunexnorating the first «l«v*'.•Untitled Document;mi<' &^iHi0s£P#. •, • • ••rench law of age, having (become enamored of andacquaintances, as well asthose who'inerely knew tangible resources an aggregate of^.310,000, spent some believe that everything in the Cashier^ DepaSJf duced her to leave Prance for. England, for the him by reputation, discuss the ffljets as at present de-berespondenthadfulfilledhisprorjoiseofmarryingnotarrestedonSaturday,immediatelyonhisinterview,musthavebe#n,-toagreaterorlessextent,asourceofCharleston.Hisownuhdoul^edchoice,iowevw .;JEu-Uteirelgo straight to /the New-York Hotel and endeavor to Patents; and that he purchased a good many Patents, gradually warped into an oblique and hinister cooSfind and arrest Mr. Powler. It was after 8 p.m. when and lost some money in them, is true. But the ven- by events over which his intellect gave him no contwi. he left the Cilice, and by 8J or 9 o'clock I reached the Always to any story of misery or misfortune hiseyeipuddle, and that there is no storm and no Atlantic 0 ;and Luke Leopold has chosen the villa Leuchten- answer. To make the matter sure, I went around my-to be swept back. They putter away with the in- b:rg; h is son, th e Grand Duke Ferdinand, is to in- self to bis room, with the location of which I was well despairing inventors offered themt He would occa-is likely the mending will rip off. .Considerate gen-tlemen.among' the Pro-Slavery people"look gra^e,—The Italian'princes appear Jnclined to fix theirhotel. The clerk at the desk told me that Mr. Crans- tures which he made in this line were a l l on a smallton, for whom I first inquired, was'not in , I then scale. Patents rejected by practical minds, and only tilled with tears, and his hand opened, letting feBand consider the case. desperate. The/little maleMrs.Partingtonsoftheconcernthinkit.onlya r>'»denccBonthebanksoftheLakeofConstance.The askedifMr.Powlerwasin,anireceivedanegative recommendedtbhimbythecheapnessatwhichthe whateversummightchancetohavebeenthemoment1OuttoletthelawOO'irse. IneoiiK'iany in^medicablelead to*disrupti<:>Slavery in the T\ xitoty to be adnii hibitSiaverv.Why,then, which had no pr: xigbt cither to «-sithe Territories suchpower;xbi could not have could not be.bind State.Theor,h tho people of tl formed tlieirj • Sta bo allowed to ta' their chances tlu was denied in C< arose! Siu'ceth, petition for tin• there.The same righjto take his prone Clans bad grieve politics. Abetre Slavery. If if v come helpless pav a gorgeous,descri' -the Southern Stat. 000,000, and last was exported. I sentiment,andas< asinthe North.Or in bis own goo HedeniedtheTwould not pern:it would not permitits vigor; it woabelieved that this . history of the futmto inhabit it, a assured a new <:ee able to say tiuu th united people.Mr. Summer? concludehis-i-Md hie audience LaTHE TROV31Anadjournedrr of the Puritans %v; -churchonMonrin Theopeningpray csqlt.TheBev. JOEL previous ineetiii£. aome length, Upoi Co'ngregulioiutiL«acquainted, and found all closed and dark. A porterin the passage told me h e had n o t seen Mr. Powlerthat evening. Went back again to th e desktinguishedresults. deneeatKrenzlingen,nearConstance. TheDukeof and asked foi"Mr.Cranston. Theclerk asked variousinventionswerein-hispossession,heseldom— Socially,aPrinceofGoodFellowsinwhatever.^.'.IheDemocraticpartyteas,butnolongeris.It X)>denaismakingpreparationstoleaveViennafor meifIwishedtoseehimonanyespecial*atleast,'nevertoanygreatextent—committedthe clehemoved,hewasnotsomuchwittyhimselfasJbfldustry o f tumble-bugs repairing a crevasse in t h e hibit the villa Amsea, belonging to Prince Leopold of levee along the Mississippi, and with about as dis- 1 i Lvari'a; and the Duchess of Parma hasrented a resi-sionally giye $500 or a $1,000 f o r a patent, once giv- ing as high a s $1,500; but when t h e rights of theseI angary, where he possesses considerable property. business, b u t I evaded a direct reply, and- told further folly of attempting to manufacture the articles cause o f wit, orat least cheerfulness, in others. B « no one in the hotel the business on which I came. A s specified. He did spend some money,- but not much, bad a most affable and courtier-like manner, a winning•—"Who i s this Pope that I hear so much about?" I was going out of the front door I met Mr. District-Samsonthedayitapostatized. Itsmanagerscan- sidKingGeorgeII.ofEngland;"Icannotdiscover AttorneyRoosevelt. Hehadheardnothingofthe onaKofa-spring.patcnt;healso„«j}entalittle,onanew smile,aspiritjoyousinspiteofitssecretburdens,andwhole matter, so I gave him full information and told kind of sewing-machine;, he held an interest, in a pe- a sympathy acutely sensitive to all variations of ten*not see, or refuse to see, this one great cause of all \ »at is his merit. Why will not my 'subjects write in him that Mr. Hunt had then gone to hia bouse to look culiar stern-wheel naddle f o r propelling canal-boats; per or affliction in those with whom he was thrown inplanted itself originally "on a great idea, namely, therights of man, and so long a« it adhered to that idea,i t was powerful and mighty. But it became a shornworseforage.Thehorseistheuniversalbeastof,theirpreviousdisastersandpresentrujn. Their pp*e?Ibearagreatdeal,too,ofShakespeare,butI forhim.PromthenceIwenttoseveralplacesfre- andwasalso,citherwholeorpart,proprietorofacontact.Neversuitedbynaturetobetheleaderofaburden in Japan, and a demand for 3,0vtf> will make party is dying o f an idea and they do not know i t . no serious "impression on the mark<jt. "Wheat flour, Like a man wasting away o f consumption, i t strug-^c pnot read him, he is such a bombast fellow." quented by Mr. Fowler; among the rest, to the New-York Club-TIouse; made diligent inquiry, but could Safety Railroad-Brake, which had been experimental- party, he was still more unfiled for such a po»t by u*3•-Sir Joshua Reynolds once saw Pope. It • was find nothing of him. By this time i t was.mining. ly introduced by Dean Richmond o n one or two cars false position in which he stood with regard to money.which is very cheap, is going forward in large quan- gles to save itself, and every day flatters itself withtities also. "Bullocks are abundant and cheap, and new hopes, which each returning night converts into a but the year 1740, at an auction of books or pictures. About H i p. m. I went down to the St. Nicholas, and of the New-York Central Railroad.;He allowed personal obligations—perhaps was cp*> pelledtoallowthem—toundulyswayhispoliticalcent duct; and from his weakness in never beingaide ift say." No" to a clamorOut or tearful applicant, he TJMa r e likely to be numerously shipped to China. T h e fresh disappointments. The old rotten and worn- I i remembers that there was a lane formed to let himtold Mr. Hillyer of my ill success. H e did not seo thatanythingmorecould bedone, and desiredmeto see.him on Monday morning. But to satisfy myself I again went tothe New-York Hotel, and stood IU theBut taking allthese together, they utterlyfailto account for any fractional part of the mighty suras which have disappeared through Mr. Fowlerla openChinese war will make a great demand for the sur-. plus chow-chow of Japan, and revive the drooping tradeoftheforeignmerchants. IA native Japanese, a confidential servant of Min- ister Alcock'R, was murdered, at Yeddo o n the 29th alt. He was an inmate of Mr. Alcock's house, and was run through with a short sword from behind, while playing with some children i t "the gateway, ofthe compound. Dan—for that was?"the name by which he was known—was one of |the shipwrecked mariners who a few yenrs ago wpre brought into San Francisco. He lived in California some time, acquired the English language, and! was at one time a porter to "Wells, Fargo 6c Co.'sExpress. He had made himself obnoxious to the Japanese about him a t Y eddo. by h i s overbearing disposition; h e was puffed up with t i e pride of place, jThere can be no doubt that h'm death was the revenge taken for someprivate affront. D a n h a d a n unfortunate intrigue with a young tea-house damsel, and some o f her friendiTare under arrest for supposed implication in bis death.out organization will go under a t Baltimore t o (be p Ksfreely through the assemblage, and he proceededheard of no more. Out of the wreck will arise a a ing bowing to those who Were on each aide. H eSquatter-Sovereignty party intb©North, andan wla,accordingtoSirJoshua'saccount,aboutfourfeetram On,the comer, where I could see both entrances, hands. Nor can we say that he has of late speculated betrayed into making promises which he couldba& nntil half an hour after midnight, only succeeding i ninstockstoanyextent;forsincehisfailureorbank- noreasonablehopeoffulfilling. Thiscauseproducedfitting wet through. *I then called a hack and rode ruptcy,before noted, his credit on " the street" was uot • him many bitter enmities, while the other aide,of his ome. On Sunday I again saw Mr.. Hillyer, and headvised me to do nothing until the next day, unless I good enough to permit him either to buy or sell on character made compensation in as many friends. \ shouldhearof Mr.'Fowler'swhereabouts. : time. There can hardly boa brokerinWall street Over theruin ofhis prospects and life thereareOnMondayIcommencedw.orkagain. Wenttothe whomust,nothavehadMr.Fowler'spaperofferedfor manyinallcircleswhowillsincerelymourn.JB6 New-York Hotel, to the Posl^Office, and everywhere.V. A.: J„ _Jf •»!_ 1> 1; X.'» .1J 1 . . ; 1. discount during the past three orfouryearsatrates stoodonaneminencefrom, which thedescentisi^' among the friends of Mr. Powler, but could hear noth- ltii « g o j f Liw. ...Could find no personal j)roper(.y belonging which would effectually prevent any stock operations, ful; and there a r e many hundred homes "w*itytohim. Atbisbotoitkoy.were,busycleaninghis exceptforreadycash,withthemakerotsucnavtco. •wternKiufull l>.>or-A'J«''n'' .Jni/vi^-vv^Kttchgriefaathrough mistaken apprehension, but it cannot with- d): B not seem to have lived on very amicable terms and arrest his person, which I shall spare no efforts to stand the ravages o f time and o f discussion. T h eOn being asked whether it was' not a very painfulerty has been destroyed belonging: to. the foreign on that day. -From this day until that, we' are B yden, how can you be always poring over'those verity; that he never had to perform so disagreeable tranters. Sieboldwasbadlyburnedinoneofthese simplyundergoingtheprocessesoftransitionand nTjjstybooks•?IwishIwereabook,andthenI anofficeinhislife;"but,"saidhe,"with,meitisextreme Slavery party in the South, each acting onits own hook. These two divisions may keep up animaginary show o f some sort of dreamy affiliation,but they must ultimately, become just a s hostile toone another as any other two political organizationsin the country. The leaders may lie and cheat, and i ijmouth had those peculiar marks which always are play doughface as much as they lake, and try to pre-, fct rid in the mouths of crooked persons; and the mus- vent this consummation, but to this complexion i twill come at last.si:j high; very humpbacked and deformed; h e wore a Ick coat, and, according to the fasbion o f that time,on a little eword. Sir Joshua adds "that he had a hi»ge and very fine eye, and a long, handsome nose;lain?needing special mention, we a r e driven t o t h e con- clusion that Isaac V . Fowler must have received in thein favor of Judge Douglas with a l l his strea^h,^ company with Messrs. Butterworth, Reynolds, (Jocjj. rane, and Barlow, he did all that he could»to corr/Wafter the 18th of June. M r . Powler had taaasfitm^- o'clock, and then found Assistant District-Attorney morning, h e could not have had—again taking th e frieuds in the Senate of the United States, andkjttoOn these facts, the question of what did he do with these monstrous sums, comes up more vividly before,Bigler, acting on behalf of the President. •• •> It is but just to say, i n conclusion, that wldfetfciroom, removing carpets, &c, and>J««-*U».--V>.<U<J3..M,», >ir.I'-owiercertainlydidnot gamble,nOr washe ifacherishedmemberofthefamilyhadeuldenlyWa that he had removed, oag and hagvage, some days be- ofore,butwhenandwhitherhecouldnottell.Mwuitime evenfondofcards. He.would,r^-^^- r«"r'"r ntoiTg******.**!.***jp^jyrw»«ie^tJ^gwheelsofaloco*I had set my two deputies a t work hi other ways and friends, take a hand a t a round game; -but never motive. On the saered sorrow of hi* own family,cu>directions. It is a mistake to suppose that I have more showed any inclination to fight against heavy." antes;" cle it would be cruel to intrude a wwu. He w^stfcetask to be obliged to thus proceed against one who had always been his political ally and- personal friend, the. • .TheCaptainthinksMr. Fowler was not whatistechnically termed a " fast man." H e attributes h is him a couple of hundred dollars each; but these were 400. Among the audience were Peter Cooper, AdafiLSociety, in the chair. The audience 'numbered aboat •pSir William Don lias lately been playing a t th e embarrassments to the fact that he* was too liberal in not unduly frequent, and' were to a certain extent Norrie, esq., Col. Thomas H. Seymour of Comaeetictl^cognizant of the situation of his principal; but there isnot the slightest ground' for believing that he evor prof-ited one shilling himself by the deficit which his grati-tude to the man who had raised him to station forbade " did Mrl Powler get rid of the moneys thus shown to him. to expose. A cautious and able officer s o f a r a s " bave passed through his hands?" •Powler'sorder was a receipt infull, sofarasthe Treasurer was concerned. •' , > ' "is debarred, contains the details of. the defalcations,running, item by item, over a series of years. This isprobably the information so reluctantly furnished to Powler—though of a sanguine and improvident tCm- Government in the Sixth'Auditor's-Department.VIEWS COLLECTED FROM MR.jFOWLER'S'FRIENDS.The ruin which has overtaken Isaac • V . Powler presents some of; the most extraordinary features over witnessed in this distressing class of cases. The ques-tion, What has he done with the vast sums which have passed through his hands during tho last half dozen years? is one to which the answeris not.at onceThis is one theory of the matter; for certainly Mr.before in his pocket. In this way he was often grie^ ously imposed upon; a*d tbe result ie that hi* bene** lence must lie rated higher than his sense ofjustice.The Post-Office i s now in charge of Mr. John B. Guthrie, the agent of tho Treasury Department,who relieves-'Mr. Offutt. The latter returned to Washing* tonlastevening.Itwillbeaworkofsomemagm* tudc, and occupy a considerable time, to close these*,•••• -#•;>':•$•i •M?Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i,www.fultonhistory.com 