 •f'iLi'come Inevitable. Self-preservation is the first law of nature, and has been Implanted in the heart of man by his Creator for the wisest purpose; and no political union, however fraught with blessings and benefits in BB other respects, canlong continue, if the necessary consequence be to render the homes and the firetddes of nearly half the parties to it habitually and hopelessly inseeure. Sooner or later the bonds of such a Union must be severed. It is mv conviction that this fatal period has not yst arrived; and my prayer to God U, that .he would preserve the Constitution and the Unionthroughout all generations.But let us take waning in time, and remove the cause of danger. It cannot be denied that, for five and twenty, years, the agitation^ at the North against Sla- very ia.tbc- Sooth has been incessant. In lb35, picto- rial handbill* and inflammatory appeals were circulated ejxteosiveiy throughout the South, of a character to excite the passions of the slaves; and, in the languageinjured States, after havin* first used all peaceful and from all or any of their Federal obligations. * and always with eminent success. It is to be found m ploy the language of our present Minister to France, . Onr relations with Mexico remoin In a mout unaatiafaotorf'Constituttiional means to ootain redress, would bo jnsti- It may be asked, then, are the people ofthe States the 6th article providing for its own amendment. who Las rendered good service on this occasion, **1 do condition. In.my last two Annual Message* I diaciuced extea* fied in revolutionary resistance to the Government of without redress against the tyranny and oppression of Under tins article amendments have been proposed by aiveiythn Hubjcc* of these relations, and do not now propose toif!V*rfrr~**, the pAoOle. and has r*»-»»jt*d ir*** transient ments of Gen. Jackson, syho. in" his mccrge of lUthtion would constitute one solid combination to resist mend in order to obtsia an "explanatory amendment" him. of the Constitution- on the subject of Slavery. This The bare enumeration of these provisions proves how might originate with Congress or the State Legisla-Claim," were by this Convention referred to a Board without the conrcitt of the J uaror government, though it v u of Commissioners in the usual form.. Neither the val- not doubted that this consent could be obtained. Never have I had a clearer conviction on any subject than ofthe justice M idity of the Amistad Chiim nor any other claim against well as wisdom of such a policy. No other alternative was letLeither party, with the vinglo exception of the Cuban except the entire abaudonnjent of oar fellow-citizens who badRiu4 : 1I ' lguilty of H a deliberate, palpable, and dangerous exer-.c"i's"o^P^wsnotgi-,,aatea_bytheConstitution. The vto abtolve themselves at will, and without the consent of the other States, from their.most solemn obligations, and hazard the liberty and happiness of the millions• 1 bo explanatory amendment might be confined to^justice cruclty,aud oppression of Miramon's government. Boi. sides, it is almost certain that the timnlo authority to *po$Ugf,, tho Amistad claim should be thus recognized, notwith- •this force would of itself have accomplished all o"ui objoCts wiUfc *: :'t't"-t.liii«IWH«IW»—WM*""• -jhroagbooi tbo year since our b a t meeting, the ooaatry baa boon eminently prosperous.,in all its mate- rial interete. Tho general health has been excellent,this Constitution."-escape from service in one State to another Bhall be Why k it, then, that discontent now so extensively "delivered up " to their masters. "Without thiapro-by an appeal to tho. justice of Great Britain and to the A'-m-—er•ic--a—and his..M..a..jesty the Ty..coon of Japan and hi* . law ofnations aa expoonded by her own mofct eminent aucceesora."All oc any of these evil* might have been enduredUnder this Convention the Government of N«w-Gran*d» bM . paclallr acknowlodgtid itself to be responsible to our clUnrmM A decision haa recently been made by a French iudicial " for uunia^o* whioii wero oauvod by tbeariot at Panama on tb«late Presidential election, however, baabeenheW inetnet conformity wiib ita express provisions. How, composing ttw Union, cannot be acknowledged. Such tution. .Constitution on three special noiute:1. An e-'iproBS recognition of tho right of'propertystanding its payment,had been recommended to Con- •ut fctrikiug a sint'lo blow. The constitutional government greBsby two 61 my predeceeaors as well aa by.myself, would then cro this havo been established at the City of Mexico^then, can the result justify a revolution to destroy this e r e t n a t i o nauthority is believed to be utterly repugnant both to the principles upon which the General Government is constituted and to the objects which it was expressly formed to attain."It is not pretended that any clause in the Constitution gives countenance to such a theory. It is altogether founded upon inference, not from any language con- tained in the instrument itself, but frOm the sovereign character of the several States by which it was ratified. But is it beyond the power of a State, like an indi- vidual, to yield a portion of its sovereign rights to se- cure the remainder ? In the language of Mr. Madison, who has been called the father ot the Constitution:" It was formed by the States—that is, by the people in each of tho States, acting in their highest sovereign capacity; and formed consequently by the same au- thority which formed the State Constitutions."in slaves in the StateB where it now exists or may The same insuperable obstacles do not lie in the way hereafter exibt. .and an appropriation for that purpose had passed tho Senate of the United States. They were content that it should be submitted' to tho Board for examinationand would have-been ready aud willing, to the extent of its abil- ity, to do us justice ...,2 ^- ?5? . U *&»«>»> justice, a regard for tte Constitution, all require that we shall wait for •owe overt and dangerous act on the part of the Pretd- dent elect before resorting to such a remedy.In adoitton—and I deem tJils-a most Important considerattoa r" European Govcrnnjects would huve been depnvsd ot'.all prutxsd Both Governments were bound respectively to pay to inUnfero In the territorial aud domestic concerns of Meade**It is said, however, that the antecedents of the Pres- ident elect have been sufficient to justify the fears of tho South that he will attempt to invade their consti- tutional rights. But are such apprehensions of contin-gent danger in the future sufficient to justify the imme-diate destruction of the noblest system of government iever devised by mortals? From the very nature of his office, audits high responsibilities, he must necessa-rily be conservative. The stona duty of administering the vast and complicated ebneerns of this Government affords in itself a gu^antce that he will not attempt any violation of \ clear constitutional right. After all, heis no nj^re than the chief executive officer of the Gov- ernment. His province is not tomake, but to execute, th© laws; and it is a remarkable fact in our history, •that, notwithstaadiug the repeated efforts of the Anti- Slavery- party, no single act has ever passed Congress, unless we may possibly except the Missouri Compro- miaej impairing,, in the slightest degree, the rights ofthe Collector unfortunately resign, a' successor may be appointed to perform this duty.Then in. regard to the property of tho United StatesUnion, with or without Slavery, as their constitutions may prescribe.3. •Alike recognition of the right of the master tothe amounts awarded to the several claimant's " at such times and places as may be fixed by and according to the tenor ofeaid awards."tions of the territory—a duty from whfch wo "could not shrinjfcfor an immediate dissolution of the Union. It is true foriegn Governments. It is invested with the power that the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, on the 23d to coin money, and to regulate the value thereof, and to ofFebruary.1860,passedingreathasteanact,over regulatecommercewithforeignnations,and.amongthe the veto of the Governor, declaring that Slavery " isj'into effect, BOfar as this was practical) le. and the two parties met face to face at the third election, bold o * Under- this' convention the sum of 500,000 taels, thoJjCKt Monday of Jimuary, lt!58, for members of the Legirf»n>reand .©hall be, forever prohibited In tbia Territory."Such an act, however, plainly violating the rights ofproperty secured byfbe Constitution, will surely bo powers into effect. Congress possesses the exclusive declared void by the Judiciary whenever it shall bepresented in a legal form.powers granted to Congress; and it is equally apparent that its exercise iS not "necessary and proper tor car- rying into execution " anyone of these powers. : So far from this power having been delegated to Congress,us,*^ agnation in all our. past trials.OUR FOREIGN REL A TIONS.Only three days after my inauguration, the SupremeCourtoftheUnitedStatessolemnlyadjudged thatthisCanton, 100,000 for Shanghae, and 100,000 for Fuchau —-weredeliveredaccordingtothotermaoftheconven-egates for the purpose of framing a constitution pre-paratory to admission aa a State into the Union. Then, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such existing Congress oi the old Confederation..eJ..,>VMM>* 'home has given place to apprehensions of servile in- The Southern States, standing on the basis of the powers might violate the reserved rights of the States, surrection. Many a matron throughout the South re- Constitution, have a right to demand this act of justice and wisely did they adopt the rule of a Btrict construc-'imminent danger aa will not admix of delay."In order still further to secure the uninterrupted ex-tectorate. Besides, by the foimer, the Bay Islands are Without descending to particulars, it may be safely recognized as a part of the Republic of Honduras. ItNHW^YOItK DAILY TRmUNEr WJEDNESDAY, DECEMBER-5, 186©.v , - -.yK~; r&»r- (Jxrjgh"A /<*>..' .-•Into tl:»» T asMflstwxeM t h e CWOSSJ j ftn d. . Sfoired to i •sfeton. on yeaeefni a exeept ih sund to pvyasoessAeBI n nry fi ovtion** i • f t h e <»c • o o t j o i ' . sjsgality -iSC T»...i«1MI ahl-i ,.r trtivo D»-p old not (•-,• t w o year* twe ne<.»j( Isoge anv/tt period. TShMuberr. sjossl ntiieai vmato U •srhh> thn j fe«t ex|-«i sjrer.Jo i* •adwif o:.;•oeritio.. 1 Olnsive ef t l » 4 6 . T/.Lf& the y laws, exci-i* . pd that Ut While th* \fac s>i,o^,<3sMMt be lift jHththebit « t h Fcbr so XB the TT- -1, Department sTun, ther^fc stneted fr -n«xjxndisi;r« Beeves a i » « . T h e m t In* same n* sJ3JT7,3.i i 6 Ssakes i.},.- sjItcroijf.t in sVom the 04f{ ••dnced by < yatfble w:'-a 4»3..'O0/^. USOfrlv a».-r*•»4 to pe; SJTvets ein. iii sjessery.Thkreoi.lt•sae «i.'..». ysibUc co^vri ofanyso<-,a Men fUxiri-r, sVlsity to e«a fbegenwr^.u ^tveo te tU«. nust the puH ••becorit^rr svQ sveh ease Of • prudentTils srithe ta* «*4e of mimpertedtog the A! thOTOl.*., SO* the spirit wu oor f.-:.oj* cit nb«iA.d.1 also c>arr ecriau B. ,;' .t within the b and scutJce • c; frsj see at pee •d sin e »i.« - ooaht \r, u ri esppdi- ;.• •:-1 toy or departIt woud he Csunest. • ;i a of the P»ciS_ Otnpl^y iLv u>lives and proj the ditff r^tt SHrtbfrji,. aj <1 mbmXdt ve*«tri fci seixarc an jAscetiesr; r;;pyuch a povst rIHETf3K^n)ENTS MESSAGE. The-moet p ^ a b l e violations of oonsiituUonal duty Representatives of^ the United States, all members ofwhich have yet been committed, consist in the acta of State Legialaturei and all executive and judicialbf- exercise it under existing cfrenrnst^hees ?;'Tbo object merchant vessels on thenigb seas in time of peace^ has waa proclaimed on the succeeding day. There ia goedand not until then, axe they invested with power todecide the question whether Slavery shall or shall notexist within their limits. This is an act of sovereign au-thority, and not. of subordinate territorial legislation. sition, it is provided " that this Constitution and the atitution. Supposesuch a war should result in the con* ments adopted by the Senate, of the United StatesWere it otherwise, then indeed would the equality of laws of the United States which shall bo made in pur- quest of a State, how are we to govern it afterward 7. to the treaty concluded at London on thoOnr Miwi^Av •* nu-uur Minister te China, in obedience to his inetruc-asserted that the power to make war against a State w ercise of these high powers against State interpo- at variance with the whole spirit and intent of the Con-»tionw, ha8 remained perfectly neutral in tho war be-pii-o; although in conjunction with the HuaBiau MSn^ later, he waa ever ready aud wiUiug, had the opportu- nity oirered, to employ hie good officea in rottorini/ peace between the partiea. It is but an act of simple jtibtice, both to our preecnt Miuitster and his predeces- »f>r, to Htate, that they have proved fully equiti to the deucate, tiying, and lespoiudble .'poaitiona. ia which thoy have ou difforeiit occaaioua been placed.JAPAN.Tho ratiuvt.tionu of the trouty with Japau coacludod- £ ^ »rouKht tojustice.Thereuon oil >suance thereof; and ail treaties made, or which shall Shall we hold it aa a province, arid govern it by desi -of property in slaves would depend, not upon the be made, under fclie authority of the United States, potic power 7 In the nature of things we could not, by It will -be recollected that this treaty was rejected byguarantiee ot the Constitution, but upon the shifting shall be the supreme law of the bind; and the Judges physical force, control the will of the"people, and com- the;Britiflh Goveinmout becauee of its objection to the majorities of an irresponsible territorial legislature. in every State shall be bound thereby, anytiling, in the. pel-them to elcct'Senatora and Representatives' to Con- just nnd important amendment of the Seuato to thoSuch a doctrine, from its intrinsic unsoundness, can- Constitution or.laws of any State to the contrary not- gress, aud to perform all the other • duties depending article relating to Ruatan and the other islands In thotnnt interc 'Q aaesoon. V.-oi »ny other cot>.>p erfiJoh he u•' > ttesfUtgetwoi^d 0»«fth»»i-ui w fa, %w istsssofc;tc«iflthe States in the Territories be destroyed, and the nght17th October, 1850, between tho two Governments.not long Influence any considerable portion of .oar peo- ple, mnch less can it aUbrd &good reasoa for » ditfoo- Jattpa of tLft Uiuos*{withstanding." upon their own volitionj' and required from the free The solemn sanction of religion has been superadded citbsona of a fi-oo State, -us tv constituent uit>mbcr of theBay of Honduras.•It must be a Kourco of sincere'satisfaction to all class- es of our fellow-cUkeus, and especially to thow ou-isitant mountain fastuessea, uiight have made along and Awaiwp.« 0to the obligations of oilkial duty, and all Senators andConTederacy.;; it but would banish all hope of ita peaceable recon- question to the peace of the two cehntriea which haa enco, our trade and intercourse with that distant tmi ' ': exiated since the war of .1812. While it remained interesting people will rapidly increasevexecute its own lav^s without the intermediate agency to destroy this, the grandest temple which has ever fcvirionitiaawell-knownhistorical:factthat the Con- ofthe States. This has been accompliehed by the beendedicatedtohumanfreedomsince the world be- jurists." ' •prevails, and the Union of the States, which is the eomroeofaBtheseblessings,isthreatenedwith.destruc- tion ? The long-eontinned and' intemperate interfer- ence of the Northern people with the question of Slavery in the Southern States* has at length produced its rwttoral effects. The different sections of the Union ar/nowarrayedagainsteach other, andthetimehas arrived, eo much dreaded by the Father o%bia Country, when hostile geographical parties have been formed. I have long foreseen and often forewarned my country- men of the new impending danger. This does not pro- ceed solely from the claims on the part of Congress or the territorial legislatures to exclude Slavery fromtheTerritorie*, n<*r from the effort* of Afferent Statesto defeat the execution of the Fugitive Slave law.have been), in the hope that time and reflection might ment of the present administration; though often, it is they at its creation guilty of the absurdity of providing, alternative. This ought to be-.the-last desperate ment, which cannot fail to foster the sentiments of adjustment to « Hoard of CommiMiOners. I submit a copr of the apply the remedy. The immediate peril arises not so remedy of n, despairing people, after every other con- mutual regard that have so long existed between the Convention to Congrc«», and recommend the le|(ialatioa a w n m muca from these causes as from the fact that the inccs to be" regretted, with great loss and inconvenience to .for its own dissolution, It was not intended-by its" two countries. $Jnder the French law no person can ry to carry it into etfecfeSsent and violent agitation of the Slavery question the master, ana with considerable expense to the Gov- framers to be the baseless fabric of a vision which, at stitutional means of conciliation had beoa exhaustcdv serve in thc^ormies of France unless ho be a Frenchthroughout the North for the last quarter oi a century, ernment. Let us trust that the State Legislatures will the touch of the enchanter, would vanish into thin'air, We should reflect that under this free Government citizen. The law 'hf France recognizing the naturalslaves, andInspired them with vague notions of free- have its dav. I firmly believe that it has already. quence that a Frenchman, by the fact of having be- valicd. A oonvention waa tlgne.d at tbo City of tfan Jo«e <m tb* tdom. Hence a sense of security no longer exists it is impossible for any human power to save the ages. Indeed, well may the jealous patriots of that comea citizen of the United States, baa changed his 2d of Joiv last, between tho MinLiter resident of the Unite* around the family altar. This feeling of peace at Union.> day have indulged fears that a government of such high teached['and;"passed its culminating point. But if, in allegiance and has lost Bis native character. He can- States in Coata lUca and the Flenipotentiarif* of that Kopiibllo.stitution itselfcould nover havebeenadoptedbythe Convention.BRAZIL.Withthewise,conservative,andliberalgovernment mains open is the. disputed title between the itwo ef the Empire or Brazil our relations continue to be ofone-half of the States of the Union. But are we to •therein. ;_; •""'_ •night of leaden despotism would enshroud the nations. GUT'example for more than eighty years would net only be lost; but it would be quoted as a conclusive proof that man is unfit for self-government.tercourse with each other. • ;,." . • ' F R A N C E . ' . '*»the 17th April, 18&7, to direct our Mimater to demand his paaaporta and return to the United States.This Government, therefore, is a great and powerful Government, invested with all the attributes of BO/V- and of Christian charity. Let us wait for the overt ereignty over the special subjects to which its authori-Presume in advance that he will thus violate his duty ? 1tia would bo at war with every prinociple of justiceWith France, our ancient and powerful ally, our re- lations continue to be of the moat frieudlv character.ConstitutionoftheUnitedStates. ,._$an? It hasbeen consecrated bytheblood.o£purTheonlyquestionofanyimportancewhich stillre-In short, the Government created by the Constitu-In one form or other, under the acts of 1793 and tion, and deriving its authority from the sovereign" the future. The Union has already made na the most;by the South without danger to the Union (as others act. The Fugit ve SlaveLaw has been carried into ex ty extends. Its framers never intended to implant in It is. not every wrong—nay, not every grievous tribunal, with the approbation ofthe Imperial Govern- 15tb April, tSH6." Thciso cJaim* of oor citLiea*, together withtionofthesepowerstopreventthedangerI Buttheyextendand intensify iteelfuntilit shallpervade the oftheminaprovisionessentialtothedomesticsecurity enableanyState,by her own act, and withoutthe hasitseffprOvided foritsownpreservation. This,has firmedbytheFrenchjudiciary. Inthese,twonativea Republic. Thesearestillcontinued,withafair prospectofmo-tiresatnightindreadofwhatmaybefallherselfand fromtheStatesoftheNorth. Shoulditberefused, her children before the morning. Should this appre- then the Constitution, to which all the States are par- hensioa of domestic danger, whether real or imaginary, ties, will have been willfully violated by one portionbeen triednt different critical periods^ of our history, of France have been discharged from the French army ccue. masses of. the Southern people, then tfaunion will be- and happiness of the remainder. In that event, the coneent of her sister StateB, to discharge her- people because they bad become American citizens. To em-MEXICO.of Gen. Jackaou, " to minniate them to insurrection, parties. If this be so, the Confederacy is a ropo of and produce all thevhonors of a servile war." This sand, to be penetrated' and dissolved by the first ad- agitation has ever since been continued by the public verse wave of public opinion in any of the States. In pressj by the proceedings of State and County Conven-true position of the Executive ? He is bound by sol- process after the election of President Jefferson by theemn oath before God and the country " to take care House of •Bepresentativosj in February, 1803. Thisthat the laws bofaithfully executed," and from this ob- amendment was rendered necessary to prevent a. recur-ligation he cannot be absolved by any human power. rence of the dangers which had ecriously threateiiedBut what if the performance of this duty, in whole or the existence' of the Government during the pendencyin part, has been rendered impracticable by events of that election.' The article for its own amendmentover which he could have exercised no control ? Such •was intended to eeenre the amicable adjustment of con-long existed still continues to prevail, and, if possibjo, short month, however, thin President was expelled from the o©jp» to increase. Indeed, our relations with that Empire ital by a rebellion in the army, and the Supreme power of tho are all that we could desire. Rcpnolio was assigned to General Zulooga. Tbis usurper waa iations, and by Abolition sermons and lectures. The time ef Congrats has bees occupied in violent speeches on this never-ending subiect, and appeals in pamphlet awLotherforms,indorsedbydistinguishednames,have been sent forth from this central point, and spreadbroadcast over the Union.How easy would it be for toe American people to settle the Slavery question forever, and to restore peace and harmony to this distracted country.They, and they alone, can do it. All that is necessa- rytoaccomplishtheobject,andallforwhichtheSlavo States have ever contended, is to be let alone, and per- mitted to manage their' domestic institutions in their own way. ^As sovereign States, they, and they alone, are responsible before God ana the world for the Slav--this maimer our thirty-three States may resolve them- selves into as many petty, jarring,- and hostile repub- lics, each one retiring from the Lnion, without respon- sibility, whenever any sudden excitement might im- pelthemtosuchacourse.By"thisprocessaUnion might be entirely broken into fragments in a few weeks, which cost our forefathers many years of toil, privation, and blood to establish.Such a principle is wholly inconsistent with the his-tory as well as the character of the Federal Constitu-tion. After it was. framed, with the greatest delibera-hli turn soon compelled to retire, and give place to General Mkir . SP AIN. • '. mou.Our relations with Spain are now of a more compli- Under the conntitution which bad thus been! adopted, Seoor cated though less dangerous character than thov have Jnorez, aa cliief justice of the Supreme Court, became the lavfbl been for many vears. Our citizens have long held, and Preahlent ofthe Republic; and it was f.»r tho maintenance of th«ery exiting among them. For this, the people of the North are not moreresponsible,and have nomore right to interfere, than with, similar institutions in Ku&ai^The only acts of Congress on tho statute-book, bear-ing upon this subject, are those of the 2Sth February, ful and constitutional remedies, and he referredcitizens of tho United States, two of them physicians, to be seised waa to await the decision of the Commissioners for or in the hospital at that place, to bo taken out aud shot, without against the " Amistad claim." But in any event, the crime arid without triuL This was done, notwithstanding onrbalance,waa to be paid to the claiinante either by Spain 'uafortunate countrymen wore at the momont^ngaged in the b or the United States. These terms I have every rea- caufce of affording relief to the soldiers of both pariica who 1: been wounded iu the battle, without making any distinction be- son to know • are highly satisfactory to the holders of tween theai. 'the Cuban claims. Indeed, they have made a formal The time had arrived, In my opinion, when 'this Covcrame«»t offer authorizing the State Department to settle these was bound to exert its power to avenge aud redress tho wrong* churns, s*id to deduct tho amount of the Amistad claim of our citizen* and to afford tliem protection in Mexico. Thointerposing obstacle was that the portion of tho country under from the sums which they are entitled to receive from the sway of Miramon could not be reached without passing ovee Spain. -This offer, of course, cannot be accepted. territory wader the jurisdiction of tbo constitutional government. All other claims of citizens of the United States Under tt»*s circumstance*, I dceniod it mj duty to recommend against Spain, or of subjects of the Queen of Spurn to Congress, in my iast annual, message, the employment ot %p Pnot think our French naturalized 'fellow-citizens will repeat at length the facts and argumenta then presented. T h e y the Federal Government ? By no means. The right 41 ratified* by the Legislatures of three-fourths ofthe hereafter experience much annoyanec on thia subject." provedconclusively that ourcitizeus residing iu Mexico and o«c of resistance on thepart of the governed against the I venture to predict that the time ia not far distant merchants trading theroto had suffered a series of wrongs an*cany out more effectually the objects of the Consti-; But. if We possessedthispower; would it'bswfee todifferent Stale legislatures to defeat the execution of ficersj "Hboth of the United States and of the Several would doubtlesa be to preserve tho Union. War would been abandoned. This was by far-the roost dangerous reason to expect that, under ita protection and l2flu- the Fugitive Slave law. It ought to be remembored, States, Shall be bound by oath or eJBarnaation to fiupport not only present the most effectual means Of destroying--however, that for these acts neither Congress nor any President can justly be held responsible. Having beenpassed in violation of the Federal Constitution, they stitution baa established a perfect Government in all amount of blood and treasure would be expended,renr ted into a war. This was rendered manifest by the unusual solemnity. For thia purpose the Tycoon hadare therefore, null and void. All the courts, both its forms, legislative, executive, and judicial; and tbia derifag futnre reconciliation, between the States impos- exasperated etato of public feeling throughout our en- accredited threeoof his most distmguiahed snbjectsMState and national, before whom the question has Government to the extent of- Its powers, acta directly aible. 'Intbe meantime, who can^fbretell what'wouldarisen, have from the beginning declared the Fugitive t be the sufferings and privations of the people during tire country, producedby the forcible search of Amer- Envoya Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiaryiupon the individual citizen of every State, and executes ican morohant vessels by Biitiah cruiaers on the coast who were received and treated with marked distinction Slave law to be constitutional. The single exception is its own decrees by the agency of its own officers. In its existence 1 '• V ;'' ';' "V",'^ '" ...^'' . V . '- of Cubftv in the Spring of 1858. Tiio American people and kindness both by the Government and people ofIn order to carry into effect the8epowers, the Con- struction. Besides, » tho fraternal conflict/ a vast open, they might at any moment have been precipita- The ratificatfona of the treaty were exchanged wjtfcoorbarfttt* have been abundant, andplentysmiles thatofaStatecourtinWisconsin;andthishasnotonly thisrespectitdiffersentirelyfromtheGovernmentun- , Thefactia,thatourUnionrestsuponpublicopinion,throughout the land- Onr commerce and manufactures been reversed by the pnper appellate tribunal, but has and can never bo cemented by the blood of its citizens hailed with general acclaim the orders ofthe Secretary the United States. There is every reason to believeder the old Confederation, which was confined to mak- of the*Navy to our naval force in the Gulf of Mexico, tlrat. they have returned to their native land entireiv havebeenproeeonted with energy andindustry,and metwith suchuniversalreprobationthattherecanbo ingrequisitionsontheStatesintheirsovereigncharac- shed incivilwar. Ifitcannotliveintheaffectionsot "toprotectallvesselaoftheUnitedStatesonthehigh isatisfied with their visit, and inapired by themoathave yielded fair and ample returns. In short, no dangerfrom it aa a precedent. The validity of tbia ter. This left it in the discretion of each whether to tho people/it must one day perish. CongressposBeBs seas from search or detention by the vesaels-of-war of friendly feelngs for Our country.law has been established over and over again by the obey or to refuse, and they often declined to complymany means of preserving it b y conciliation; but the sword was hot placed in their: hand to preserve it byany other nation." These orders might have producedno nation in the tide of time has ever presented a apec- Supreme Court,of the United States with perfect una-tade of greater material prosperity than we have done nimity^ It ia foundedpupon an express provision of the purposo of removing tbia barrier, and ." in order to ^rce//^vV''•; - ;:f ';'.;;;'/ -; '£!£kS^ ah immediate collision between the'naval forces of theontil within a very recent period. the Constitution, requiring that fugitive slaves who •form a more perfect Union," to establish a Govern- But may I be permitted solemnly to invoke my coun- two countries. This was most fortunately prevented peace and fncHdah^) between the United States e*with such requisition. It thus .became necessary, forLet us ardently hope, in tho language of the treaty: :ment which could act directly upon the people, and. 'trymen to pause and deliberate, before they determineitself, that " there Aall henceforward be petSSgj , r -- .fathers, by the glories of the past, and by the hopes of faththe most amicable character.NEW-ORAS.ADA,The exchange ofthe ratifications of the ConventfcoaofWashingtonuntilthepresentmoment. Here,then,a clear case is presented, in which it will be the duty them possesses over -subjects not delegated to theof the next President, as it has been my own, to act United States but " reserved to the States, respective-K honiiced in a;foreign land it causes the hearts of oun character, to the people of this country, has proved to ia censurable.with vigor in executing this supreme law against the ly, or to the people." * cotmtrymeh toswell with honest pride. Surely when boamoBt auspiaous event. Tn ita consequences,it These ratifications were duly exchanged in this ctty conflicting enactments of State Legislatures. Should To the extent of the delegated powers, the Con- we reach the brink ofthe yawning abyss, we shall re- cannot fail to increase the kindred and kindly feelings on the 5th of November last. Thua has a controvetsyh« faO in the performance of this' high duty, he will stitution of the United States is as much a part of the. coil wifh•horror from the hast fatal plunge. By euch a "'which I trust may.eVer actuate the. government and been amicably terminated which had become so aerieac then have manifosted a disregard of the Constitution Constitution of each State, and ia as binding upon its dread jcatastropbe tho hopes of the friends of freedom,and laws, to the great injury of the people of nearly people as though' it had been textually inserted throughout th,e world would be destroyed, and along people of both countries in their political and social in- at the period of my inauguration, aa to require me, oagovernments to tbo Island of San JTnan, in the vicinity1850, both being Bubetantially the same, the Fugitive people of each of the several States, has precisely the prosperous and, erelong, will, if preserved, rendor ur, of Washington Territory. As this question is still Slave Law has been the law of the land from the days same right to exercise its power over the people of all the most.powerful nation on.vtho face of the earth.; Is undor negotiation, it ia hot deemed advisable at thethese States, in the enumerated cases, that each one of* * ;two-thirds of both Houses of Congress, and have beenary resistance, because it has been claimed within the oppression of their Governments caunot be denied. It several States," and have consequently become parts when the.-^lhor> Continental Powers will adopt the outrages such aa wo huvo never patiently borne from any otiaejtthe Union.I have purposely confined my remarks to revolution-laat few years that any State, whenever this shall be exists independently of• .-all Constitutions, and. has been of the Constitution. To this' process the country is nation.its sovereign will and pleasure, may secede from the exercised at all periods of tho world's history. Under indebted for the clause prohibiting Congress from same; wise and ju&t policy which haa done so much For thcue onr guccesBive ministew, Invoking the faith of treafehonor to the enlighten'cd Government of the Emperor. ieu, had, la t^ho name of thoir country, pen.L»teiitly demaudod r«j- In any event, our Government is bound to protect the drerta and luuenmification, bnt without the slightest effect. Ia- rights of our naturalized citizens everywhere to the deed, so co.tiJout had the Mexican authorities become ot vatUnion, in accordance with the Constitution, and with- it old Governments have been destroyed, and new ones out any violation of the Constitutional rights of the have taken their place. It is embodied in strong andother members of the Confederacy. That, as each became parties to the Union by the voto of its own people assembled in Convention, so any one of them may retire from the Union in a similar manner by the vote of such a convention.In order to justify secession as a constitutional reme- dy it must be on the principle that the Federal Govern- ment is a mere voluntary association of States, to be dissolved at pleasure by any one of the contractiugdence. But the distinction must ever be observed, Indebted for the bill of Kights, which, secures the commit these outrage* upon American, citizens with absolute im-people against anv abuse of power by the Federal breath in this country. Wo can recognize no distinc- punity. Thus wrote our. Minister in 1866, and expreased tb*, nearance I confess I Still greatly rely. Without their aid, it is beyond the power of any President, no matter What may be his own political proclivities, to restorepefte and harmony among the States. Wisely limited and restrained as is his power, under our Constitution *ttd laws, he alone can accomplish but little, for goodOa for-earfi, on such a momentous question*And this brings me to observe that the election ofany one c* our fellow-citizens to the office of President stitution. The truth is, thiit it was not until many where there is no marshal to execute it, and where, tained a convention for the same object. -does not of itself afford jnst cause for dissolving the Union. -Tfcia is more especially true if Lis election haa been •fleeted by a mere plurality, and not a ma-years after tho origin of the Federal Government that such a proposition was'first advanced.It was then met and refuted by the conclusive argu-even if there were such an officer, the entire popula- This'ia the'very course Which 1 earnestly recom- against the United States, including the " Amistad sufficient military force to penetrate into the interior, where tho government of Miran:on was to ho found, with, or if need bo,II ana temporary causes, whivh may probably never Jiuiuary, 1833, transmitting the nullifying ordinancetures, aa may be deemed most advisable' to attain theorder toSF*^^!***?! ** justify a resort to revolu- of South Carolina to Congress,-employs the following-«onary resistance, the Federal Government must be language: "The right ofthepeople of a single Stateinadequate they are without further legistaaon to over-come a united'oppoaition in a single St»;e, not to apeakof other States who may place tUemfcclves in a similarattitude. Congress alone has power to decide whether the. final settlement of the trne construction of the the preeeDt laws can or cannot be amended so as toclaims, was recognized by the Convention. Indeed, the Spanish Government did not ineJBt that, validity ofonw.to Mexico, undor tho frith of treaties, to the system&tlg gEassirig any law respecting an establishment of re-gion, or. abridging the freedom of speech or of theexpress language in Our own Declaration of Indepen- press, or of the right of petition.. To tl is we are, also, same i extent as though they had drawn their first (patient endurance, that they universally believed they mightthat this ia revolution against an established Govern-ment, and not a voluntary secession from it by virtue Government. Such were the apprehensions justlyeu-tion between our native and naturalized citizens. • opinion that " nothing but a manifestation of the power of thoGovernment, aud of Its purpose to panish these wrongs, w M R U S S I A . avaiL"of an inherent constitutional right. In short, let us look the danger fairly in the face: Secession is neither more nor less than revolutio'n. It may or it-may not be a justifiable revolution, bututill it is revolution..•What, in the mean time, is the responsibility andtertainedby the friends of State -rights at that period aa tojhaverendered it extremely doubtful whether the Constitution could have lomz survived without these amendments.Again, the Constitution was amended by tho same'Between the great empire of Russia and the United Aiterward, ia 1357, came tho adoption o«r' a now Constitution,atthepresentmoment,isthecasethroughouttheState flictingconstitutionalquestionslikethepresent,which yearsbyour.successivediplomaticrepresentativea.at strongeraudstron-er. IuthepreviousLLrtoryofMexicoasuc-of South Carolina,, eo far as the laws of the United might arise between the Governments of the States Madrid, but without obtaining redrew. The Spanish cessful military revolution at tho capital had i.haoxt tiiiivorsallyIn thecctuu•xx.vStates to secure the administration of justice by means anu that of the United States. This appears from o«- Government finally agreed to institute a, joint com- been the cigudl for submixsion throughout tho republic. Not so#of the Federal Judiciary.are concerned. All the Fed- tem-portmeous history. In this connection, I shallmis>ion for. the adjivstment of theee claims, and on theou the present occasion. A majority of the citizens persistency susUdued the constitutional government. When tills waa reoog* uized in April, 1859, by the Goyernmeat of the United Slates, it3 authouly extended o\or a large majority of the- Mexico* States and people, iucludiug Veru. Cruz and all the other import* ant Keuportji of the Republic From that period our commerooI again reeo eaic« uf tL^ pr taia,ptevio ber. f-;r the tl A rimiiar >.-.v.- b*:i...n,intb Uaion for Vlee-rresieral officers within its limits,through whose agency merely call attention to a few sentences in Mr. Madi-alone these laws can be carried into execution have al- eon's justly celebrated report in 17J>9 to the Legislature thiy purpose with our present Minister at Madrid.ready resigned. We no longer havea District-Judge, of Virgiuia. In this he ably and conclusively defended5th day Of March, 1860, concluded a convention for Under this Convention.; what have been denominatedtionandcare,itwassubmittedtoconventionsofthe aDistrict-Attorney,ora5£arshal,inSouthCarolina. theresolutions•efthoprecedingLegislatureagainst "theCuban'claims,"amountingto$128,63554,in withMexicobetfaiitorevive,andtheConstitutionalGovernmectipeople of the several States for ratification. Its pro- In fact, the whole machinery of the Federal Govern- the strictm-es of several other State Legislatures. visions were diacucted at'length in these bodies, com- ment neceesaryfor the distiibution of remedial justice Theseposed of the firrt men of the country. Its opponents among the people has been demolished^ and it would Virgwhich more than one hundred of our fellow-citizens has afforded It all tlx* protectio<» In their power.are interested, were recognized, and tho Spanish Gov- Meanwhile, the government of Miramon still held sway at thoernment agreed to pay $H,lO,000 of. this amount capital and overthe surrounding country, and continued its ou» "rages against the'few American citizens who still had the ootuw " within threemonths follovring the exchange of rati- age to r«main within its power. To cap tbc climax, after tbosjrrect*d to 't Sstoated c . •ppropria...._ Ws>» tue'i f>. c* •nd an tow edi)re4ort. Cp _ tho.thirtyrtnrw |*pr<»entai^-». %ould be di>dr s»e fat the s.jKt onnnot eleet r > natil difierent { XW«.t tr.n'i ibe 1In my U«t m< send ahLrmii:;iL pend opoii ite i nfull Cvi.;.....iIt Is qui* •Bont wiU -• :o asosteo, fort?I dr»L-f tO tr\tt twoasfiual mei oml«r.em driti> properly appS eoevirir.-d C vt Wvtyio* -and I of laieideotal« Mvcnne t.tri:As an ai.-n.iic dad^x would t stnprrb'uce <f stemotutrated t <s«itJaout greut fdomt'> resort t< •aa ad t-alcrr at < srrtuble cw e< than their i; c On the <ik.*t :c this extent v e iThe temrr ;i ost impon'-' • thxvugh tht* , U' •ary to »J.• '.at oeeds. I'; Tkthe res«rt toth* Custoni- lie •rmtriit. ihe lector, statin; t abroad. Hot ejjrn merutV1 D toigi prop.?it •J! Ocnw?orHi 1' ;-. OBipi-'vi'd bj :1 IkMb«fn mac Ite b« Jiahot.- >: actual v»;nr bi leotion. to ihi Taanufdct.: • : Vbey tre thm< hUa iiQi'ith?n sjlready «iri\ • •. j Ofthati'lj' '<.f •Oter, thiotv«aoThe riMB«^iv tar as this may «U the Cus'i, . -i oosl it poraxhe They presert D orho recx-ivc uo• few caies. ret Betid«... an«e CoL»tit:.::. . :h. Won of MIBUITofanother." G •are to som<* n'.i sonde that the ir tsr »pr,rsl«en>» atAn to>pr««s:.>B •poclSe dutif. psore falhscl" wholerev<-r,u<i tnader • •>..'. r» ossanoction thai 1360, M w w u Kr Cheadvalorem*.contended that it conferred powers upon tho FederalGovernment dangerous to the rights of tho States,while its advocates maintained that under a fair con-struction of the instrument there was no foundation for 1795, and 3d March, 1807. These authorise the Presi- or in Brazil. fjpon their good sense and patriotic for- such apprehensions. In that mighty struggle between dent, after he sha^l have ascertained that the marshaltionof the: Conelitut.ioji." In pointing out tho peace ficutiona." The payment of the remaining $28,635 54 battlo of Tacubayo, in April, li>3y, Gen. MarqiNrz ordered threobe difficult, if not imposbible, to replace it.the first intellects of this or any other country, itnever occurred to any individual, either among its* op-ponents or advoeates, to assert, or even to intimate, militia and employ the army and navy to aid him inthat their efforts were all vain labor, because the mo- performing this service, having first by Proclamationment any State felt herself aggrieved she might secede commanded the insurgents " disperse aad retire peace- Congress their wish that two-thirds thereof would pro- from the Union. What a crushing argument would ably to their respective abodes, within a limited time." pose an explanatory amendment to i:be Constitution, this have proved against those who dreaded that the Th:s duty cannot by possibility be performed in" a State or twe-thirde of themselves*, if such had been theirwith his posse comitalus is unable to execute civil or criminal process in any particular case, to call forth therights of the States would be endangered by the Con- where no judicial authority exists to iseuo process, and option, might, by an application to Congress, have ob-to none other, to which the States were author- ized to resort on such occasions, bo concludes by saying, " t h a t the Legislatures of the States might have made a direct representation to Congress with a view to obtain a rescinding of-the'two offensive acts, or they might have represeiited to their respective Seuators inobje^i.-'•'•'»'••• - ••«•' - vof executing the laws for the collection of the customs. 2. '.The duty of protecting this right in all the com-The revenue still continues to be collected, asihereto- mon Territories throughout their territorial existence, and decision, like the other, claims.fore, at the Cuetom-House in Charleston; and should and until they. shall be adnritted as States into thoin South Carolina. This has beeu purchased for a fair have his slave, who has escaped from" one State toequivalent, " b y the consent of the-Legislature of the another,-restored and " delivered up" to him, and of constitutional • action OH the 3d May, 1H60, and on the upon the Justice aud good faith of these Governments, there u n»State," " for the erection of forts, magazines', arsenals," the validity of tho .Fugitive Slavo law enacted for this 27th of the succeeding June they determined'that they present danger tliat such a contingency will happen. '&c, and over these the authority " t o exercise exclu-sive legislation" has been expresriy granted by thoCoustitution to Congress. It is not'believed that any Constitution, and are consequently null and void attempt v.ill be made to' expel the United States fromthis property by force; but if in this I should prove tobe mistaken, the officer in command of the forte has re-ceived orders to act strictly on the defensive. In sucha contingency, the TespouBibility for consequenceswould rightfully rest upon the heads of the assailants.would "not adviee and consent^' to its ratification. •Having discovered that my recommendations would not b* sustained by Congress, tlw uoxt alternative was to accomplish* ift some decree, if possible, the same objects by treaty stipulation*Apart trom the exocotion of the laws, so fr.r aa this may be practicable, the Executive has no authority to decide what shall bo the relations between the Federalsuch an acquisition would contribute essentially to theadjoining republic, <is to whoso fortunes a»d fate3 the South totheirproperty in slaves. And it may also jdiciary departments. It operates, like them, directly ed with no such discretion. He possesses no power to dissensions and restore peace and- harmony among the the world. I would not repeat this recommendationKA53A8.AND UTAH.At tho<period of iny inauguration I w w confronted fa Kan***)by a revolutionary government, exiting under what \» oolied tV« Topeka constitutiou. Its avowed object Was to subdue the torrt- torial government by force, and to inaugnxato what was esJte4 tbc TopekagoYHmment inIts stead. To accomplish this obfeot on extensive military organitatiou was formed aud its commS«4I,« il%kbe observed, judging from the present indications, thatno probability exiats of the passage of such an act, bya majority of both Houses, either in the present or thenext Congress. Surely, underthese circumstance?, weought to be restrained from present action by the pre-*bn persons and thiugs; and, like them, it has at com-. mand a physical force for executing the powers com- mitted to it."It waa intended to be perpetual, and not to be an- nulled at the-pleasure of any one of the contracting,change the relations heretofore exicting between them,-much less to acknowledge the independence of thatState, 'fids would be to invest a mere Executive of-ficer with the power of recognising the dissolution ofStates.ft^pnght not to be doubted that such an appeal to the arbiirument established by tho Constitution itself wojuld be received with favor by all the States of the,upou the present occasion, if I believed that the trans- fer of Cuba to the United States, upon conditions high- ly favorable to Spain, could justly tarnish the national honor of the proud and ancient Spanish Monarchy.cept of Him who spake as never man spoke, that parties. The old articles of confederation wero en-" sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." The day titled " Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union a'foreign. de facto Government, involving no such re-a disregard to the national honor of France, for trans- circumstances, it became my imperative duty to oxert the whoU ferring Louisiana to the United States for a fair constltutiohul power ofthe Executive to prevent A e fiam<^otof evH may never come, unless we shall rashly bring it upon ourselves.It Is alleged as one cause for immediate secession that the Southern States are denied equal rights with the either States in. the common Territories. But by what authority are these denied ? Not by Congress,between the States;" and by the 13th article it ia ex- pressly declared that " t h e articles of this Confedera- tion shall be imiolably observed by every State, and the Union shall be peipetuaL" The preamble to the Constitution of the. United States, having express re- ference to the articles of Confederation, recites that it wus established " i n order to torm a mole perfectepir$; pf conciliation.before any of these States shall sponsibility. Any attempt to do this would, on, his separate 'themselves from the Union. '.'• '!eq,vaY&w»t °oth injnoney and commercial advantages.AUSTRIA,, *C,Civil war from ,aln raging ir:In Kansas, which in the excited t&t*ofthe public mind, hothftorth and South, rnight have extended into the aeighborlng States.to compel a State to remain in the Union, I should trade had numerous and powerful advocates. Unlawful whichhaaneverpassed,andIbelieveneverwillpass.union.-'Andyetitis.contendedthatthis"moreper-feelmyselfrecreanttomy'dutywereInottoexpressmilitaryexpeditionswerecountenancedbymanyof£"•;•''."-:• ••••-<•"CHINA.[•••:The-friendly and peaceful policy pursued by the 0rirninal process. » T ^any act to exclude Slavery from these Territories; and certainly not by the Supreme Court, which has eol- emly decided that slaves are property, and, like all other property, their owners have-a right to take them into the common Territories, and hold them there underfect union" does not include the essential attribute of perpetuity.But that the Union was designed to be perpetual ap- pears conclusively from the nature and extent of the powers conferred oy the Constitution on the Federal Government. These powers embrace the very highestan opinion on thisimportant subject. our fcifizens, and were suffered, in defiance of the ef-the protection of the Constitution.So far, then, a* Congress is concerned, the objection aUributes of national sovereignty. They placeboth theexperienced a revulsion iu monetary affaire, soon aftor Oiouldboa slave or a free State. /Dhe tn*urgent. party rs>- mentiu-y to thia treaty, for the adjustment and satisfac- *as ».lis not to anything they have already done,, but to what they may do hereafter; It will surely be admitted that this apprehension of future danger ia no good reasonsword and the purse under ita control. Congress has power to make war, and to make peace; to raise and support armies and navies, and to conclude treaties withswered in the affirmative, it must be on the principlethat the power has been conrerred upon Congress to, my advent to po« er, of unexampled severity and of tion of the claims of o*r citizens on China, referred to .«»v4 to vote at either, lost this might be considered, a reoognitksothat this is not among the spetofio and enumerated to that merciful Providence ..which has never forsakentho majority, and removed the danger of civil war. From tifi time we have heard little or nothing of the Topeka governments and all serious danger of revolutionary troubtof iu Kansas waxthou at an end,. ,. \ * .The Lecompton-ConstHution, which had been thus roeognt»e4at this State election by the voto of both political parties to. Kan- sas, was transmitted to me with^he requcstthatl should prrs^k*it to CoegresM. This I could not have jxAised to do without v4*. latlngmydesxestandstronseHtewnTtcttons of dntyk The Com-•«' stltutlou,andalltheproceedings which preceded and followed its formation, were fair and re«ular on their face. I thou be- lieved, and experience has proved, that the interests of the pee» pie of kansa* would have beeu host consulted by ite admlHskst,a* a State Into the Union, especially aa the majority, wtihia « -- opposed it in a brief but .powerful- speech from which The discordant constructions ofthe Clayton and Bul- Since that time the claims of our citizens have been brief period, could have amended the Coustitution aooordtor t o rise to angry political conflict* throughout the country. ters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of I snail extract but a single sentence. He observed: wer Treaty betyveen the two Governments, which, at adjusted by the Board of Commissioners appointed for their will aud pleasure. If fraud existed to. «n or any of thee*several States. It ia not necessary to enumerate the other high powers which have been conferred upon tho Federal Government. In order to carry the enumeratedinon with the States to lay and collect all other taxes. it was expressly refused by the Convention which : X iBut the Constitution has not only conferred these framed the Constitution. Onr .relations - with Great Britain are of the mosthighpowersuponCongress,butithaaadoptedeffectual Itappearsfromtheproceedings of that body, that iriendlycharacter.,Since the commencement of my admmietration, the. two dangerous qneations, arisingthe one-fifth of the receipts for tunnage import and ex- portrd'utics on American vessels at the port of Canton, Shanghae, and Fucliau;- and it waa " agreed that thia amount shall be in full liquidation of all claims of American; citizens at tho various porta to thia date."itright to lay and collect duties on imports, and in com-,; :, GREAT BRITAIN. " •'.'•'.,. '"'"' ' Debentures for thia amount-—to wit: 300,000 taela forpower did not exist in a territorial legislature. Yet means to restrain the States from interfering with their ontheSlst May, 1787, the clause " authorizing an fi-om tho Clayton and Bulwer Treaty and from the tion by the respective Cfcinese collectors ofthe customaftuch has been the factions temper of the times that the exercise. For that purpose it has,instrong prohibitory exertion of tlic.force pftJte whole against a delin- of these ports to the agent selectcdjjy our Minister to•Directness of tbia decision hue been extensively'im- language,'expressly declared that " no State shall enter quent State," came up tor consideration. &Ir. Madison light of search .claimedb.y the British Government, receive the same. . .>pugned beforethe people, and the question haa giveninto.any treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant let- have been amicably and honorably adjusted.credit; make anything but gold and silver coin a tender>wer Congress iaexpressly forbidden by the Federal no State shall lay any imposts or duties on any imports which it'might be bound." Upon his-motion,- theDestitution to exercise. Every State legislature in or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary clause waa unanimoufily postponed, and was never I had not,then ''competed treaty arrangements with ant* have already received a largo proportion'of theThose who hare appealed from this judgment of our highest constitutional tribunal to popular assemblies would, if they could, invest a territorial legislature with'"The use of force against a State would look more like a declaration of war than an infliction of punish-that purpose under the act of March 3,1850, and their aspect, have resulted in a final settlement entirely sat- awards,whichproved satisfactory to the claimants.-proceedings, it was not for the President, but lbr Congress, toW- vestigate and determine the question of fraud, and what ought to be ita coQsequeoces. . ^ . . • .If, at the two first elections, the majoritv refused to vote, at oomipt be pretended that this refusal to exerclxe the elective, filo- chiae could Invulidate an election fairly held undor lawful antlj^r- ity, oven, if they had not subsequently voted, at the third electMnt. It la true that the whole con»tUi\tion had not beeu submitted to tho people, as I always desired; but the precedeIKS are numetv ou* ofthe odrnuaion of States into the Union without such s«V miaidon..It would not comport with ray, present purpose to review th» PJTSi3^'<li«xgo of Congress upon the tecompton Constitution. Ri« sufficient to observe that their final action has removed the hut vestige of serious revolutionary trouble*. The desperate betd receutly assembled, und^v a notorious outlaw, to the southern portion of the Territory, to reslit the execution of the law* M Su« P\ "der peaceful citkem^ wUl, I doubt not, bo speedily !in payment of debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of con-different -periods of the discussion, bore a threateumffment ; and would probably be considered by the-party isfactory to'this Government. Iu my last annual mee- have been approved by our Minister. In tho aggregate power to annul the sacred rights of property. This traete." Moreover, "without the consent of Congress, attacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by aage I informed Congress that the British Government' they amount to the /urn of $498,604 78. The claim-for executing its inspection laws;" and if they exceed the Republics of Honduras aiid Nieaingna, in pursu- sums uwarded to them out of the fund provided/ and believe, agaiu presented. Soon afterward, on the 8th ance of the underetandihg.between the two Govern- it ia confidently expected that the remainder will ere cise ft* . It cannot be exercised in any State except by this amount, the excess shall belong to the United June, 1787, when incidentally adverting to the sub- ments. It is neverthelesa confidently expected that long be entirely paid. After the awards shall havethe Union ia forbidden by Its own constitution to exer-thepeople,intheirhighestsovereigncapacitywhen Xranang or amending their State constitution.In like manner it can only be exercised by the peerpie of a Territory represented in a conveytion of del-States.And _"no State shall, without the consent of Con-gress, Jay any duty of tunnage; keep troops, or ships of war, in time or peacej enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power;ject,hesaid: "AnyGovernment--for theUnited States, formed on the supposed practicability of using force against the unconstitutional proceedings of the States, wouldprove as visionary and fallacioas aa the Government of Congress," evidently meaning the thenmay be ©bserved that the stipulations of these treatieaconform in every important particular to the amend- tween ^Great Britain «ind France and the Chiueae Ern^MThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069purpose^ together with a declaration that all Statelaws impairing or defeating this right arc violations of thoThese proceedings place our relations with Spain inan awkward and euibarraseing porition. It is more with til* constitutional govonunent. Such treaties were ac-than probable that the hual adjustment of these claims stitution has already been settled by the Supreme will devolve upon my successor.cordingly conchilod by our late able and excellent Minister Vi Mexico, and on the 4th of January lost were submitted to tbo Senate for ratification. A» theso have not yet received tho final action of that body.it would be improper for me to present a detailed statement of their provisions. Still I may be pe«> mltted to express tho opinion in advance that thoy are calcuiatoo..It.may be objected that this construction of the Cou-Court of the United States, and what more ought toI reiterate the recommendation«contained in mv An- nual Message of December, 1858, arid repeated va thatbo required? The answer is, that a very large pro-" 2*or ia the Government of the United States, cre-ated by tho Constitution, less a Government in thestrict senKe of the term, within the sphere of its pow-ers, than the governments created by the constitutionsof tho States are, within their several spheres. It i$,like them, orgaidzcd iuto legislative, executive and ju- Government and South CaroliD^. He has been invest- would, it is believed, forever terminate the existing diately abolishing the African slave-trade throughout claixua of onr.injured fellow<itiaena.thiagoodwork,willerelongbeaccomplished."confident expectation has since been fulfilled.Britannic Maleaty concluded a treaty with Hondurason the 28th November, 1859, and with Nicaragua ontho ;28th August, 1860, relinquishing the Mosquito Pro- lent object in which the Chinese may be speciallyUntitled DocumentThis HerlreltJincra«ed in foreign commerce,,;that the claim, oh the partat Tedde ori^tbe 29th July, 1858. wore exchanged ateevery foreign region of the globe the title of American preoenl moment to make any other allusion- to the'iritizenisfewaihtbe highest respect, and when pro? : The recent visit of the Prince of Wales, in-a. private layed from accidental causes, for which neither partyecution ia every contested case since the commence- its bosomthe seeds of ifa. own destruction, norwer,e wrong—which can juBtify a resort to such a fearful other clairaa, which had been long urged in vain, are referred foehas at leiucth produced its malign influence on the repeal their unconstitutional and obnoxious onactmonts. but a substantial and mighty fabric, capable of resisting there is an incessant ebb and flow in public opinion.:Unless this shall be done without any necessary delay, the slow decay of time and of defying the storms of The" Slavery question, like everything human, will right of expatriation, it follows aa a necessary^conse- itica, and \ am happy to inform you that these have finally pvik»the midst of tho existiug excitement* tho Union shall roferrin); these claims to a board of commissioner*, and providing perish, the evil may then become irreparable. Con- not, therefore, be compelled to serve in the French ar- for thopayment of their awards. Thia convention will be ••** mies in case he ahould return to his native country. mlUedjmmediately to tho 8enate for thotr constitutional action. gresscan'contributemuchtoavertit*byproposingand Theseprinciplesworeannouncediu1852"bytheFrench TheclaimsofourcitizensupontheRepublicofNicararuahave did.not fear, nor bad they any reason to imagine, that recommending to the Legislatures of the several States Minister of War, aud in two late cases have been con- not yet been provided Corby treaty, although diligent ©aorta for the Constitution would ever be so interpreted as to the remedr'for existing evils, whicH the Constitution this T>nrpo%cnave b<M»n made by. our Minister realdoat to that• ' '• ;"'••„....'»•.I ^-v»»*W —/ •<»< '(* -> -»*«M»*^»*->-.lJ««l«*-V ••**•- V• f*.— ««»*»ofxareat Britain, forciblyjfoivisit and}«jearch American Washington on tho 22d May last, and the treaty iieetfStates the mutual friendship' and regard which has So for Mexico, the election of a President tmd Congress^ under ita proviKioDc, aud the iuauKuratlon of the Preeidentr Withincontinue to hold, numerous claims against the Spanish.Government. These had been ably urged for a serieeof Throughout the year 1&58, the constitutional party grew•• •without abandoning the traditional and established policy of the I transmitted this convention to the Senate for their American people. 1 am happy to ob.ervo, that, firmly relytns*portion of the people of the United States still contest of December, 1850, in favor of the acquisition of Cuba to promote the agricultural, manufacturing, aud commercialthe correctness of this deci«ion, and never will cease, from Spain by fair purchase. < I fiimly believe that interests of the country, and.to *oeureour justiaflueoc* with wafrom agitation and admit its binding force until clearlyestablished by the people of the several States in theirsovereign character. Such an explanatory amendment ture timo, as well as prove the certain means of imme- /nieut of a considerable.amount toward tho satisfaction of thdthe Confederacy among our thiriy-threo/ Sovereign'.Stated It bears no resenjbjanjje £o the recognition of Confederacy^ In any event it ought to bo tried in a Surely no person over attributed to the first Napoleon intrusted to the most violent revolutionary leaders. Under th**«part, be a naked act of usurpation. .It is, therefore, myduty to submit to Cougressthe whole question in all its.bearings. The course of events is so rapidly hasten-ing forward, that the emergency may soon arise, wherfyou may«bo called upon to decide,the momentous ques-tion whether you possess the power, by force of arms,\r;li§n T entered upon the duties, o£ thi. Presidential- o'fficjs,,the aspect neither of our foreign nor domestic af- fairs Was at all. saiihfactory. We were involved in dangerous complications with several nations, and two of our.Territorieg wore in a state of revolution against' the Government. A restoration of the African blave-The hostile parties in Kansas had been lufiomed against oaoh With the Emperor of'Austria and the remaining other by emissaries both from the Korth and the South, to.a de- Continental Powers of Europe, including that ofthe gree oi malioaitywithout parallel in our history. T o prevent Sultan,ourrelationscontinuetobeofthemostfriendly actualcollision,andtoassistthecivUmagistratesin«uforeisgthe. laws, a strong detachment of the"army was starloned in t h e l f c * ritory, roadyto aid th*> marshal and his deputies, when lawfully •:',.•{.•.-'-w-calledupon,asapossccomiWU*iatheexecutionofotvllaudwell-being and prosperity of both countries in ail fu-(feci indifferent; whilcvat the samo time they provide for thete p%yvcharacter,Government of tho United States toward.the Empire Stillthe tronhlei la Kansas could not have been pormaheelro. The question fairly stated is: Has the Constitution forts ofthe Government, to escape from our shores, for of Chiila has. produced the most satisfactory restdta. settled without an electron by the people. The ballot-box is thothepurposeofmakingwarupon•theunoffendingpeo-ThotreatyofTientsinofthe18th.ofJune,1858.haa surestarbiteroldisputesamongfreoraen. Undorthis^jonvio- ple of neighboring republics with whom we were at Uon, every proper effort was employed to induce the hosrtlo been faithfully observed by the Chiueee authorities. parties to vote at the election of delegates to frame a State Con-delegated to Congress the power to coerce a Stale intosubmission which iB attempting to withdraw, or hasactually withdrawn, from the Confederacy ? If an- peace. In addition to these and other difficulties, we The convention, of the 8th November, 1858r aupple- stitution, and afterwards at the election to decide whother KJBVrprwrious to thai jMWrr to tirr tt fjrosld b« rvl'^t Of ntariif UI'T verenne wer-'i b sri6o dntvrnixirt1&>«eine duti-s •neideutal pssxritariff,sri i «f th«- e hav«- dl»cd oor snaBuftK.*: ?re partxioo of *bai •Beet, by admi:syMuposhlvn ol t. TJnder -the pri ; this toddent iIt most, a:ia«:iJitv'«.' W K M <•' the•teed o! airr , "- *tax a sy»t««i •" S and rlsinjbediScu:- sjrUth would i ** sjsrrniasnfact .«* ofthe eouato. crexag* val<r« o! olace of expvvrta«td talor<M J11 y tevenue ptirp'. •*•• jan^emfiit c '•peuter *iio" *by ak»»ers'.Tita) .ie»h«Mme.I desire to <-?.!l 4Mon of th* IVej rr4»i> ie Li- •'••< sjsso b* pro»< y-i: Ofcttsntion*. 't'fc worthy of v«':riI here* ith ttn OfWer, oft:.e> «ral. The tectieblnhty * .Adeclare and to make war against a State. After much ruinous consequences to. all the .great interests of the on tneir.part of the Territorial gowrnment established byGoss-country. When we take a retrospect of what was in my last annual Message, has been already carried gre«». A better spirit, however , eeemed soon'after to prevail.Berious rejection,-1 have amved.at the conclusion thatno such power has been delegated" to Congress, or to then our condition, and contrast this with its materialany other department of the Federal Government. It prosperity at the time ofthe late Presidential elccsion,isnuuaifeet,,uponaninspectionofthoConstitution, wehaveabuudant-reasontoreturnourgratefulthanks satisfactionoftheclaimsofAmericancitizens,outof decisionoftheballot-boxproveddearlythatthiapartywereinequal to about $700,000, was stipulated to be paid in sult was the triumph of the a*ti-«kv>ejry party at the polls. Thia8$200,030 at the disposition of Congress. Aa this will, m equity, belong to the Chinese Government, would notjustice.require its appropriation to some benevo-Winterested ?^^^1tt8Ur luaof,QP ore than*oo"i? n ^^ *,, , .J luuduY,a--Jd; " i«» iojustice.with the Eepublic of New-Granada, edgned at Wash-ingtononthe10thSeptember,1857,baabeenlongde-OOSTA KICA AlfO NICARAGtTA.:Persevering ttSorts have been made for tho adjustment of tfaa claim« of American citizen* against the Government of Coeteconstitution and his authority derived fiom it that tho civil WMtcommenced, and still coutinnea to be prosecuted.<auoTbtute^tticers, under the Lccompton Con*titutioa. l n e re-li ad 1 treated the Leeompton Constitution aa a nullity, said jm ftl d•pdeiw%s (\>^?, to transmit It to CengxeM.it U not difficult to imagtaV " whileirecalling the position of the country at that moment, wfisj would have been the disastrous consequences, both in aud out ofthe iorritory, from such a dereliction ef dssty on the wart of th* Kxeoutlvci •'•-:>./!.PMCO haa also been restored within the Territory of Ut»L * which, at the commencement of my Administration, was is • ' , state of open rebellion. This was the more dnngereus. as the Soopl*. animated by a fanatical spirit and iutreuolied withiu tUelw ,fbe Bienta c( Jv l- iable resistance. Cost wh*t it might/ it wa» ueoeasair** hrio» « th»»m into subjection to the Constitution audrfco Ui««K Sound. , «.. nojioy. thereforo.tts,weUashJawwUyv'r^iia,:d tJ.^thi».ohjei* V' •.lioufd, if -po^iblo, b*. ae<H>uirIfsh?a w^tXt^t.'^• the olfiuS*^ e f *" * "• blood. This could ouiy be vUocivd by se^dUkg a uiUUary feroefcthurtio-Jid '« ;wo can nero?dfic duCt- # MClT ,-il b www.fultonhistory.com 