 r^'^'.I.roads,referred to the King of Kriiwit<R out of the capture on the Coast of Peru, inand wortdMcHo ok mhtmrda. Great Incoavenlences will of States ara legally entitled to organise aad ortMl iaasd on the Gre^t7 '- ',-Hs sun. left as heirs designated In his will three davs befere"Iwoeons. who re«tdewlth his wife, Mrs. Eus Arm Corrix, at Naatacket."Amsrlcaa also, hnnderstthd,' <:theby Pee-^—FARTIXBIHJAPAN TUKCITTOFJKDOO,AC.fdeprire as totorcotuse to which,neirhhom, we ARIZONA.!.al^aOpjojpeBtof iDdlTMamlproiaoUonealtoM aiwlBlhis aad dtreeUoa,posUlvetofarmatioala commeDdaUosi of their ;.aadJj«rooBth#.jtotlowtog,whtoh hfpoiala to tkaaaaM ivsatt.Tba east that Tlee-Praaidoat Baunaanss ha< atthe plan, but It has beenarci^publeoacer, andbtaaameanuaraateote oBb-llc Older.Ksnis ulrsdfar the nks iiiilig U* prtBclpl«i IB the peraon of Jo»» Hioi-Col. HAAVsasA, wba Is noar Oovsraorof tUs pnn-iaee,atone, as may be seenta the Spe«*ert Chair. The ex-Clerk of Ika Ba«M ku many frlenda here, end ihoold Joa».l ajBa>!• g*" '"fel'J*!''»'>Je doeameM to the MezlesaWrawtad" 'Congreta taptllir Joai Mabu LaHaosa, Mtolsttr "Heretofore tbaSeauToir, of Penanylraola, a new RepttbUean mem- Ing aid to every aspirant who would aid It ttmr, who prodaced a formidable brief of manuserlpt, Dorot»B," has managed to keep up t>i« r"lv»'" a^loh h& varaUed aad ooinm«iiced to read. He la a and ainblllons of various section" at war wItS theextraot has aaimportaat beartog uiiaa .-a fringe oa aaoh aida of ^^flrta lartvei, aqaiiloe. but wholly deitltote of fonoe. '. Lllg —Mill aiiiinir 1- '"'"(r to the claas of eminentvarious «ia'e» will have and »lre«<iy evince l.-s« wish, to assist laon' " LlWe <'«»'•''iand Ullnnis—'he Con-yield also. Tbe Desenbridora is not so welLelquetteBO large a suite would, therefore, la no measure con-the honor ef toe Commissioners, but probsettled potot. WhetherthisbelongstoaaMnLCOlor. tanningloof,datagdoing much better thanand that"""" whoably,coatrary,thereof. We eaaoot of lands If we d# aot ••tehlsbyniost dispose"?—troak-dowo. There may be btuineat tact and qulck- as most cheerlnsr**'go throughUI« on oUedeaglaaeis dae<Be* teaIfiflifIfwbeeU, traTenlBgmachinery In their carriages to repair a ludden ror, of Jnd?e noom.AS hv name—them. They infurmed Mr. Hisusk .aMyosefai aader.:IIi-wbUaI can at Uaaolea oo th*and without instnicted In fu- any ventions In both S'stcs havingtothat Ihey had struck off ten from thsknow tbe owner of toem, noi farm coloales uatU'itemes^salr ^JjT wJSi SSU^TT^^the oldaaaa!theUgh,narrowforeheadandthin face:the Chile side of the questionBels'um by this country and ths United SiAtes, eaneetly ho(>e that there will be a still greater BBcerUlned whether toe Federal Govsmmaat at Mn ran be desorttes. hTmtyZLiTTLL^^. 1the'gantlemaaLate to lUnk what mlKllractlao of natnral talents, orespe-In lids steamer for Coqiiimbo, to miUie a geological cially when sone will be of toe aad obliged to refuse all offers from coloalsl%.-Sand '.iftHm*, rinoU hM« pitchforked him Into ConKreiis.1an<maplong resident in this clly, learas to-morrow with hisWillie sll an uakaown and are so speak Isaguage,unlike to oun>elves iadrets, to food aad lo manners.iKifertdaiudk of tklken in the city of hU residence''4iB»lM«MrbMBrmdl>gformoretban half so honr. hia leclure which hure floatedfamily f.>r ."an Francisco.ofplicity fflsDners, aad simplicity wIto neatness laat-4*«MlMBlrword»of": could redch '—dreis, and simplicity in diet;]I«r to tida height are,Panama,whereiheywill croas tne Isthmus andtakeday theysurvey of that Province. It Is proposed to surrey andout the whole Republic.Mr. F. D.'Atbbbtor. uf tbe irm of LoBixa A Co.,highest rank, toerefore require spedal stteatton and conveniencesthe granltog of laads to emigrants."Wlto thto I leare toe questloa as far as U< are concerned, but will add a few remarks re'tutlaos.Stctmi—I bellere toat If tots oontract is carried out,ItwiU retard tbe progress of Soaora totoe'rieveiop-If my Toicawat OMre the harangue died away Into aq Inaudibleato peasantvoyage with them across the PacificmJmiHiliigThe Republicans, however, on the floor of Tjnnesfee, Kentucky and Mlaaonri. Bveryday vearv agT>. arid has cost enormoesly—in a vesselpassage provided by Government.V-iflorid.kcr (iuimeea iteaBtnf ap like incesie rean-l heribat," "He declared hie Stat* tme to the Vntoo, and ^isydaAtheiiBinitailaB of cowardice thrown out bytheycould notsupport Dovaiii.evenCats ussiteeB la appointed1frlobds on ivjr own solLprore to be as totoresting to them as toeirs has been to us.willing money, expend time,mhaeao hear It, seem to Ihiak it good.jjUKj H. CAHi-Bsu., of Pennsylranla, then roae tobrings in fresh accessions from the 9onth, and tho*e Representatives who announced aoma mnaths aehsaotigh to bare IKiUgfal a flrM-rote vefsel In Baglaad or New-York.Mr. WnxiAM WAnnisoTua has his office as resignedJudge In tbe Cun^ulsdo ComerclaL J. M. Dahassmcat oftJie Horn, and hope for a pleisant reunioa wito our one woahbjerbemineral wteoatletvhe,stfor an ageorto come. No"flea ^Uto men of Pennayhranla rella the unconquera-horses) Is now owned by MoGiu. & (^ make tloo of toe Japaneee aad be ate entiUed. They dlgi^ltaries attendants,Through all the of ABgla-Saxon courage," said Mr. Cur-Gasn^UvOf pecntia, yesterday.dkllv trip*, seven days in tha weelt, leavtogat 4 A. M. ready to take a last farewell of J.ipan and Its an- All cridllnrsof Uriah ICdssbll, of Nantucket, who cquslcd sceuery on Feb. 22, tU tht firn gUam of died In Ausust laat^t Teloahuano, are called on to ntomtng. WenowseektoerismsandaotthetieuinfJEFFERSON TBKKITOKY.-:\^atapa.P'e«.ci>ttheirclaluinInanotice^M «—rUca wUehjust published.CUy ElecdasH-Chartar laderaedlet—ninlag Newa-Uetearolacr-Daallag —Drnkeaaeee, ace.Dxarxa,Thuraday, Dec.It,ISit. Tbe election for city officers came off last Iton-BeHboratloa—MeeUai aftha Uea* dayweek. On toe precedtog Saturday anhad been nide by toe oppooenU of toe Charter andnot be indorsed -Hiitiflto'BivtaBic, Belgle and Milesian maates forming ->s|Aa.%iaaMN aujoiityof citizens in the Keystone-7death,KnOOB MIaANO. vie—Omee>e«akera—Iiager.lyWr-or any maypendingin the Senate, he cannot leave- iMil*. CaamuLpiHiaM todtcates the eonaclousnaaa of strength.an died recently la this town.t> a Snespeaker,and hli ap-Ginioi A. PoaBLL,The creditors of Ddsas A Co. are BotiSed that aThe IHaaatiafketlaa wirti tka Straight Be* pahltcu Weilaatlaaa >raas Whaaee It Cewen A Ceaaarratlaai ProTa-I MharaAtt nUdlaaBd nlkar iltart is tlM neck, Mr. Cuipbiu has a lU>>eeiased, siiarp fkce, opal-tinted eyas, a foreheadCity.J.Mheight,ilaewy, broad-shouldered,dividend ofperceat. on their olalms isreadyforBtreag leas—AbellilaaUBB«pmdhue«—trUiUareBrer he m Cenaelldatad Oppeairlea—Neeea*in^ficim the wliies of Ibipsatentfor fabrlcnttog ch»-nipaEne country.ally ermlthe eoadoslon, following in tlie wake of Senator Ivaaaon sod all other Secessionists, he pitches in,found one. But the Consul's lady would not cdnvint to ths capture, at least till »he cuuld send for her hus-Ft.-TO or CIN. UBQUIZA.toe article, I will not toattempt say how largely fish-all directions with variousThe Case ef Dr. Trerltt-TheFrancu.c<», with n ciirf-o of coal. S<,ir,e f,ne ha.*; recently asked alandiodeotwldevelopoients, ptentlful brown hair of theAraneanlan and loctdracs.ef Aaeeakly.f, wool- patlem, and nostrils of the muscular kind ••-•Uttl*resemblingthoseofGaow,hiscolletgue. His I Is a high baritone, evidently accustomed to lbs tafaddiestlnglargeassemblages; andhetalksWai^-^IHIacellaneans Paris Corrur*nittKe af tht Nivr- York Timet.VAirASAiao, Monday, Dec. 28, 1859. Regarding the question at issue between this Government and that of the United States, growing out of the dismissal of Dr. Taivirr, late Consul, theDon Jf'Av BsttsKs has been appotntea surgeon in thesarrlsoDufValparaiso,withasalaryoftMO.The Govetoor. under the General Banking law.bnc chttttced a new Bank In Saottavo, called "The 'O^rrttrndnaof(AsjTsw-TorkTina. PtorpxBOS, R. I., Monday, Jan. 9, ISM.Ever since the first gonouncement of tha radicalattompttheProrlsionalGorsmmenttocrashboth. Are- noBstrance was gotten up to the moontalas by a few— h^m- y,withgoodempbatis chieflyaddressingItauk I'f Chile." for discounts and deimslts alone. nomtoatlonconceived that toeiritm had not been dnly appreciated, to which, throughtaalf to tke productive, agricultural, and mineral stalls IkaafhlsBtate.iniepty to GAnaiLL's ridiculous as.Tl ere a-^ no proper Bank* of l8«ue allowed.A per*ou nnmeu Jambs Walxis has petitioned tiieitlsrepresentatloBS, a number of s large' aad entloalty was felt to bear bim, from the fact that In the civil conflict, nowapparently ended,an inst., for fi-Ing a pistol at a boat comlns to the ahto's have already been partially discassed. Tke aaudl- fact toat they had very suddenly discovered that the at-IIka pnie Saxon type, with a fair, beardless face, large 'Mm eyes, features a Utile aquiline, and with a high, haail, aad capacious forehead, shaded round thethat he did not know If tke was party. pistolprlratoandsltion, ths Charter was indorsed by aStole, brings him toto far dif- aad a foil Ucket elected under It. There was free public intoresto, aad his radical treattog at neatly aU tbe bars to Anraria,oo^Uy ^lilosophlc in its own way. stiowing com- of toe palace set fire to the building.Judge decided that Crowbll had only aimed to to the great mass of toe people. Stoce toe election, considerable oppotluoa has been as m«ch frighten the i^eopte In the boat, and that the impnaon- Tbe objection to the nomlnatloa comes aot only aisalfested, bnt It is supposed toat toe opposition wiUleu theHhole, were.aad noress can he made before oomtog to a tettle^gag_- ^±--' -i'-length tbiowk off the aaad^ and praetlcally taken the8biua> be elected. It 1> Ukely that the «ame com- field as a eaadidato, aad the favorite nf th« Adminis- doza. liNil»liedLcfjraokm,and Laxa Chill forMoaUoii wlU appoint Col. Foesit Clerk.TWj morning the door wa» obtained by Gxonn W.also arrirod t^ero instant, two men, Motrss AcEAs, were senlenoed to be eiculed near Co-At SIfirst, persons of dUereat diasasthada dlteotorrifeateUaliao was appointed to report larepett very short documeaitteterest,IbeyDon Mamjii Cabvallo wUl sailyet been decided by legislaUoa,praf-w««ftbMd tor steam-ttareiaed rails Utattempt against•rtiB news from OhioUafewdiysfor Franre. a» Chlliau Mli.iser. He is also to oreson'on Iho disadvantageAdatlnlstratlon,pointod tosom, or. in otharers, two lleuteBaut-goveroOfS. eight geaerali and tThle^e followtogman of about forty, bald onto|^«rflM taut, and with EoglUh dde-wHilskera of an the man to whom all others «r» lo b« •nrrlH'-^. the The Dolores, first, and the Ckinslaada, repart a richtail, haBdaooaly-aliapedIllinois (tatecmen: but onw, Tarioascandlda'eaf*m thewhen ni«o«i»wnoi isMr. and toat of Is sail butIs rerardod and already tke most pi^m- bat Inent Pouthenj men a^vembled hero arti readytbem. to whatever way tills questfoa is seltia4^"fell doe. It Is a piiz- DocotAS can a sufficient ntnl>er of the Northers!«eyernld bewoald be able to Uke that prohably to admitwith no other candidate thanM. PisHis, wim various senlogist.hufUaanuaiBub^,tl> own Suta, "atttlag onber moontaloa, that.ii toowsed with an Iron dtadea, and wKli tta« amoke of ly somtaated, have already received Intimations ofpewerfol company Itexf—It will angmenttoe bitter feeltog of the peo-'irregular-bis stead.The Chilian thtp Umtiiu Coaniut has arrired froia;ef certain as IWI. propertySpaaish. which Is claimedcourse benecessary rooms and acoommodatlons for so ownerdilp•DiddAll the tVe<ts f wmerly nltero8'«te« be carried."by the partisans of other candidates, to the effect that various 8oulhen States would not sunpirt DanaLta If nominated, are b'>w admitted to be drivel while Arian<as, Louisiana and Texas are. already almost prepared to demand him as thelr./ii^ choice, he will certainly bo (he second choice, If not the flr^t,;popular opinion from thalr r«soeetlre eonstltueocjes which have eansed them to alter their tnne.Much Is from the In expected Douglas organizationNew-Toik, and it Is hoped that soon the Judge will be able lo make a vlritto the people of the Empire City. At present, while matters of sneh Importance arebnl whea- cver released from the pressure of these, he meaat lo relax by a couple of weeks spent la ease tail plea- sant lateicourM amongst his maay frteads la yourNew-Voik, bringing apart of the crew ef tke Jfanael JI'mtl, wircked on the coast of Brsail.The Anurlcsn line of coaelies for Santiago (sixtoSkanshaiand Hong Kong, and harmg taken la coal and provlFious, return to tois port, and, making all ifae nec«6cary arrangemeBts for toe accommada-ple commaegraciinastlus, aad us of that social and.Hia qwecb has the advantage of evident The troops speedily dls^iersed these people and put cha'ped.out and that toe City Gorcmment wUI be firmly publicans, toe Americans and toe CunserratlTss of all as good as could be selected from toe citizens of toehe is a praaOeal, tbeoretieal and philosophical secessionist.shades ofpolitical optolon.city. That class of our whosethongfatsBair.;aoBOetrsdbis sense, of inestimable value to all coa-"" peopleimbibing," hare recently been farored withUnion Is the coll of the anaconda" round the blessing so eulogized. He is sick, he saya, of "psalra-singlng to the glory of the«.oloiiel» lor savagencas and cruelty In this respect, SOUTH PACIFIC.Later frena the Rlrer Plate,BITEWOa STBrS KC-XirrKniNO thi abqiiitixi oov-—FlPltnATION—THI TRrxTT 0» FIACI HA5I- tone of its articles has been to•anedand then adds tliat thewhichPlatte Rirer water, diluted with tobaccontoe, and known by toe names of " Old Rye Whis-;tofourth day, a subaltern of police, over-zealous in hi:i Tocaiioo, entered these premtMs by scaling a divis-SbIosi,'* and insists that HsLPia and Baowit are the ion to see who were —wall, there, supposlnR he rnUlittnie ezpoaraiia of the Republican qreed. Towards eapture toe tosorgenls, if any be shoald Sad. lietodorsement of his claims or pollUcalky," " Imported 4c. Brandy,";FCKTHEB Fmon OHII.I.OlaaCeetioB efBfer-Opcalac Ball af Braadwetl't Ua-mattertoCongress. Thissoiimlsltkeaaienncefearful of defeat posted'maynot be,out of place to rehea'ts Ihjthe Territorial policyofJodgo Boceus. His voice is good, with rather a high tbe ssme time he wrote the Governor a note, sta'iag beea concluded, and the treaty ratified betweenrelish.ofnutjoomai, " ac<»>unt of toe manufacture.magh-aad-tumble, againstband. To this the officer consented and wilieMontevideo oftbeIMbNovember. Peacehas paperspricegallshasbeentocreasedtotoemarketonand he reads fluently, with a clear appre- '^aUoa of iiis own argument and its force of ex-The holidays have not beenlinginit:wherewhat ha had foundwho aasweredBuenos aad the Ayreaeran what fewyears"Theythe galleries are oon- were some Caciques. A sen of una of the teaiing venerable the ane they atuined.by matter, and tbe sale was not ra'i-Athe was andhim that be muitt leave the place iiist*uitly and «polo- gixe for the intrusion.Ibatlsand Mr. Piou's speech being finished toRaOar, MBSuI to give up the Insurgents baibjred in nls» fork'oiteu. and no inhabitant of Buenos ofllcially— VBatoenaaaae for them, on wtncblbe Consul extssid-f crowdtog around Mm to congr&tuiiLte. and so tortbshall at r>iice to the proceed8f theirrepre-which assembled vied in richccss \jf dreti and ele- gance of taste and manners with the like gHiheriiigs among toe *<m ton of your own City. The tab!e> were richly loaded with all toe luxuries of aof Georgia, LinAS, of Mississippi, and t>aioB, of Vlr- Stnla,-the two last named being amonsst ibe most lislag young men on the Democratic side.htopremljes, bv oruer of ti>e Governor.The following day the GoyemoieirC ehneeiel~0r.Taavrrr's ejrcf aatttr, en account of his op^aiuen to tills capture, aud his protest against it.Article 13 provides for the reappointment of all tlie officers of the Dnenos Ayres army to the offices toey held befo'e the Province left ths Confederation.metropo- lis. The whole sffair went off finely, and the meas-The roll being called, it is found tiftt Joii:t n-BSTKOUS, of Albany, and Jcux Cochba.is are ab^en' theevtnlAOl the lounh ard fifth liays, whila others Wflthont pairs. Upon ths Sahczl R. Ccans, ol Iowa, thought be had acteJ very iujudicionsiy.ureii tread of merry feet coaUnued ull a late hoar. Tbe treaty was signed at San Jos^ de Floras on the dark picture which replies to tbe question, whether People who shall visit us early to the Spr.ng andI^ow the e^fqvuiur, thus|>ropo«es that KciHCLDa be paireSi off as a Republican sl.uu;d he leMuied, wnich wouid t>o fur the CtititanBboab.trareliagfiAitx to DsLAXo last week, whin the latter was sick. piagistratem^vaiur caacth-d? llbUik 1 see bim aj^king histheof Buenosto resoect hlaforce, that it is a serious dred feet. The Wtoter theGot. FniitHOTCii, of N«w-Jer!ey,wtioi8 Ulked of (uora a utcouU liuie ra.ber than do it!and assures Ikrm of his regard for tosir tme interests. oisaffectiuiu to Intrude our sense of the uponas yet, this sessloo, but seems to do a ^ood deal of to coming In without a proper or.ier,is evident enough, but let the proper be t'eioantted tor uial, andsalutes them as brethrea. ' Oo the 1 1th of November the Chamber ef Reprs-justiceof aflairs. It behooves every one to ponder well the not cost more than half what It would to Summer.bDsiaess, floating aronod in private coovers t'iuo with apologynot demand something else liiBiead of u. Let anGovernor This system of tunneUng Is toe only way la which and lbs Stats ticket, will undoubtedly weigh a great toese mines can besaU were armed, and imeoded to m<ike resistance.lent to a amnesty, generalAnicre 12 iiTovldes that the people of Buenos Ayressistency, to view of these totogs It Is strongly con- The ball was a reckerch* affair. The companytemplated calltog a Citizens* Convention to rebuke this asceadancy uf the Abolitionists, and to nomi- nate a candidate for Governor who will more equally rcpretent the views of toa people.The unfriendly feeltog Is so prevalent between tbe CoDservativcs and the Abolitionists, toat it is a veryof the oisirtct, aijd lu nis coasequeBae*hAjof toe nation Is dependent upon toe action of a res- toey hare been excavated varies from ten to three hun-good pmportioo—not quick to turn, but with a heavybroadside when he comes to bear, it seems prob*-Me that, should the Repnalicans nominate him, hisrecord as a first-class, tlme-out-of-mind Henry ClayWhig woold secure Um the South American vote,—or, at least, snfliclent of it to elect, headed by Wurrsa private bnatillty oa the part of individuals, but the since, that, acoonlli>g to a prorUioa lo the treatylariaadshowsasthe result JkaaaavJacBiaiHAiin.t«a, 81cyIt was calculated to endanger the public peaca, as also (o embroU Instoad of protecting those lateresta'as tha Government force is strong, but not without sacrificerequired,iieace and safety. The Emperor, Uke Queaa Viore-that Capt. Srena'a party has been iarlted to rstiuaaad the rest seattsrtog.totocomity of na-!•:211 necessarySOU three votes short of an election. Wabbsb Wias- uwthenmuresasecond\ote,andfollowsttilaby;to achoice.— SnaaaAn leaviogalso moriag the lo cut olT prevtous question,are the cuiae and bane oi them ; and we know that an Anetlcaa Cur;siil does wrong wbea ha aliowj nis hou»« to be their castle or bib ufficial p«j:jition theirol and we think It to so. scgls prutecUea, right sayValfasaiso, Wednesday, Nov. 30. 1S39. The ihost important Item of news relating to tha last twu weeks comes from the Indian frontier. Thetreaty that the Commissioners should leave Japan onSTOMK AM) ISUAM. IV to< Editor of Uu Nrw- York Tmudebate. This rote is now going on, but the result can hardlyand as rumors were rife, ano universally credited, that toe Japanese would never ftilHll the condition. It was necessary for Com- n.udote 1'atiiall to vinit Jeddo. and sacertainfo a cer-Oba kaom la time for tills letter. It canbeen directed to CoMOsroBT to tke firm of tali.ty whether the Curuiijl«aluners wouid be ready to JxcxiB, ToBxi A Co.,or the Cltr of Mexico, ef allproduce the return of ths twen- ty4hrae Sooth Americans to their own candi- '4ata. Tbla U specially Indicated by the fact that Auxanaa R. Bonus, of Virginia, who laUiy aontaiated Gen. Hanson, a Democrat, has just csstPublictoe immense grantrecently bydaage, except pariiapamadeSo for their In case should stoce tne public lands in Sonora,.Chlhuahaa, Ac.,}for a eon- ay departure. they go^;nations,tha»atpreaaat.nndUsfriendsareintheaiibits. The rldleatoiu atteatpts of the HeraU to oon-llParUied tMHMiattheBepnbllcafteaadidato AUDon Jbbosi^ Ushsssta, has just come down fromas tke asw:and at tha of toe Ualted ths expense Sutos, objectfor Sbssmas,106;111forsessfon. It Is supposed, will be a protracted and a rsry of tatoraaitoiial naaity which It belonged to him to tetog to ashe a good Impreaslon upon tbe Japaaeee exetttog one. Sereral Important subjects are to toefor Joaa A.Total namher of votes,-OaMsa,T^a niaieritjr oftbOse who coadensa hla aad toclr first introduction uponparticl-ar.d now Is alost of a hundred killed, aiu>iai whom |x>rtaut and influential as otoer Emperors, tiowererhighestlest the disalfectta, at varliu« points of the RepubU.i, may lift again tbe banner of revolt.State to beThe report that Commodore Pansa was about tobombard Guaymaa is contradicted to the Arissna JtmuU of Ust week. This Journal states that toe Comasodore and toe Sonoriaas ara on the best of terms —talu the'Otiiliau Guveromtnt in aeeliiung toWrant. Leittrs have barn vritleu from tlua place Ho Pana- ma, aa well as to Lima, fur pubiiratioa la IhV papers, charging the dieappruval of Dr Tasvirr's conrse toC</mffon49nc9 ttf Ik* Botton TrmvtUer. Jbdbo, Saturday, Oct. 8, I8M.;purchased one** Statements of the grossest charaeter have been"kll' ofandptap<>, f.r uiiillny onihe 4th of January l».it.The Dellrlo sliver mine, atBccom^aythen, words, gpia apoathe Commisstoa- appealedla 18S0, aad was aI.''"^'subject:CbailareUla, Coplaoo. colonels, two tnterpreters, or Japanese, who caa " it is a vrell-knawn fact toat, up to thisa"Mart of his rail i •aeeae of traction of;TheUalitdStatesship LaneatUr,steampropeller, sailed for Panama oa the 2Ut InsLThe ChllUu msn-of-war hrig Anemd was sold ro- cenilvatauctionfurts.OOO. snewasbniltherefive.<eajoh-9kt ycip-ftw^ 9hniB, £rXbci(iif Smnuucv it.isw.The icmalning articles (there are sixteen to all) are Sunric of his couutrj men ^u^iitiQed him, confounding devottd to diplomaUc relatiuns with Paraguay.with CocHSi-is, » bo continues too iiltoaiteni. This Goveii.uielit to exol.dH'e U(. Tasvirr, aad ^cuuimuom honor of tbe event, aud toe happy consummatioa of brlsgs up TuosiAS J. Bass to potest againsttno evi- itktll In the wruu^. liul, mutatis mutand'S, would p*ace.would sustato in ordinary times. But toe presentis suck an important era to our political history, aperiod when a just and liberal concession is a vir-fall to receive a llt>eral pationage (rem tke public.dent injustice ot such a and a cotlu' propofii'.ion, sharpqoy eaeaes, which is finally t<rmiiia;ed by me olTerMr. t'Ass have coi.rer.led to a similar rn^io'itt.on it a t'liillru, or aiiy otiier (.oosui, h.i<l haroureJ six or eight I'lug UkUCs, WArued the po'.iceineu the fifth d lytoGen. 1'b()bica has addressed tlie people of BuenosAyres a manifesto congratulattog them upon tbe closewere r^ttllJd^ CocHkARB, in return for a pair furnished by Cooa- a lurce coming to arr ^t tliem, by or<ler uf tnc cnlef Confederation to remato firm and nnilsd. He asksA largs number of tunnels are now being wetksd la miaing districia The distance whichol Cbasus Dilano, ol Massachusetts, to nlTwith that pairtiit-yiuurm^, protested f-trmnjiy a^aUtituf bottllities, aad urging toe people of the Argentinetuesadaduty.aperiodwhenthesafetyandharmony toevarious•an<-eit:d, Uen. Cass asksreal grcuad of^ disapproval was aad Is, that his poli- cuLciuded Mr. Haxbu between tiis Unitedwas erroneoua aiid. If well Ul advised. meant, yetbyfoster.sustato the.. Chilian Bxeauttre bad never a ward ofIierseeal dtjlerenoe with him. But we do see fikat destined to eoadoct an Impottant eemmarca U'csc fellows who are ever going in far.rerolatleas la torougb toe entorprlse of our seuntrymea inwouldbe veataoutb the againsti«J|.i., ^1, wanimtagritf»' Coin. Taimu. tw> OI.AS Hbbas.tration, wlU do gt»at fervlee to Jud«e Doaoi.Ai. merly ecltor ol the Ifrnwria. baedltioB. Oosor for- bsrfc at the speetfled time, hat aotaooaar^fsvnring aad pmmt^-(ri.m On the 5th Enro[ie.ap-Coogiess aa fMs teportant qoastton. Their:thM.kes rtoeup aal*^»>a»rtogeaoii«htoatafaWehave received, by the bark Sarah A. Mickels,sentiment,berries enter toto itscomposition, or whetoerlhe.reUaqalshwi. He to a veryait eia woaUptoeeedtolha Ualtod Stoles oaiNl '*«• Ibey lepUed that im new CeatBlasfaaal* had just»paynienUIhe American ship Prmeett has just tailed for San[•(taa, aade ycitorday, that "one cotton crop of lastdlSDatch from Washington was a note from the avrnii's iriit he can do It (.n letter terms and afford Inee. From every quarter of the State theie appears The arriral of this in the,"VHaaylvania." This morning Mr. GAnizu. explains stored" lo hia office, and adding that If It were not Idna) Is aHverl1se<l for salehce hy Caoss * Co.Oaaigta would more than purchase the whole of Secretary of State Ihiaaintement, by saying that he intmdid to have saidhat "one cotton erc^ of Georgia would parcbai>* MO ams than the whole North could manufacture." Jaifxs L. PiTGH, of Alabama, then took the floon.>',r. CiiARLr'- llo'.tNWAr, of HsMAKWAT di Co.. ^oes pasFcngei 'o New York, vii Panama, by the British in'dl stehmcr to-tnorrow.Tbe t'ccontl-nialc of the American ship Chariat ef Firutt, Wm. t^KOWBLL WAS tbken up for trial on the 33dsvlosnt toat It will not long stay tons uiyuslly usurp-ed, but willsooB bare gathered lis strength and willappear to Its free aad UBCoatroUed exprssslon. The and on Sunday a conspicuous handbill was nominations which were made by toat Coaventioa publishing their withdrawal a» candidates, aad thaasking that the C jnsul he re- done, the Piesident of the United States «oiilJ referr fnirn th*- mines of Callfimla (Now- to conttoue an Incomtog protest against ths usutya- among a class who wishUOB of popular oplnloa by the AboUtlonlsU, and It Is side, and who were ratherto be onweak in the knees.theand hence It facts once more.dates for office, who bad besomsR t>etier Hi*i':le than the present comnanv does.city .caused quite a panlt:Quicl..'.ilvithe popularhe Is regarded as one of the most extreme Dlsunion- tempt was made in February last to the Gov. ^Me. The boat was bringing off a seaman twloaging date for Governor is a Simon Pure Abolitioaist aad a sopporOng of toe Charter would not be for toe best IllMs. He i«a rather tall and large man, apparently of emoi's palace and tbe Custom-huuse, and, irposMblc, That lie did not aim at the persons In the boat, but wealtoyman, particularly so to bis totorests of toe commuaity. It Is really laughable toto take the town. At a mob mid-daya'^eiahlcd.a* the waterloaded or uollongirit 10 the ship was in the boathe took this ;tep to intimidate shore people from Cblef of toejustly esteemed,see toe readtoess with which somepeople changefcoies of young men, armed with musl^ctji ami re-rolvers, In tlm streets. fire I sppeared suddenly They;:that be did aot know that a Bailor ne-their views and posltloa.NotwlthstsadtagtoeopaoiUaa aad top with light sandy hair—short enough to the right and left They broke Into the Custnm-and bnuhed clcse enoagh to slmw the perfect shape houee and ubtained fire-arms f<& the lower populace. complete defence, (which even brines to ratod theMagistrate ferent relations withlargs majoritySome were klUed, i>oms caw misguided men were secreted in the Amerloaa HosJounttl, ablean end to thetured, aad some secreted themselves.pital.Mr. PAPSLirotD as toesition Convention, it cautisusly witoholds aay straightIbeCousul leeldei. And, u:i ttieand strych- ReconUy a decoctien:capture to the ship. (jRonei.L, in his examination, decKred and influentialcomli'gIn Induce the crew to desert. larewofthlB«f tka bead. His speech, which he reads, is thor- Thev brought turpentine, and poariiig it on the duors Western lawyer's argiiinent to the Kettle ease,) the and sectional views of politics are grossly obnoxious to toose who should vote agatost the Charter.pMs study of the subject, and going as far as It waa in every sense of thetka ariar sjatem to find analogies for what hs araobaSKhen the Plug Ug|!es appeared fn Wash- with a fine for discharging firearms la the harbor, toeycaaMan fbs tnw plan of human goreromenL ington, and Mr. Bees as a« ordered them to be fij-ed on. woi:ld be punishment enough. Oa this he was dis- ant at the result,) but from tbe ranks of the pure Re- established. The officers elect are for the most partwon} justment be had suffe'ed during the trial, together from toa Demncratlc portion, (to fact are exult- dieIn thlsconnecUnn. I may add, there is a grsatde- gree of recklessness on board American ships la t e I'se (f brass kniickless, hrearrns, belaying pins, dcts.Ths Providence conceded to be a true andTcry careful not lo frankly and fully todorse the ac- tion of the recent Coaventlon. -While it recommendsand patient elaboration of materialsFlnt, be declares Negro Slavery a blessing in every It was soon aft«f rumored that a number of these Our cap'ali-s and mates are attaining an uaenriahle organ of Republican sentiment in this State, hss been an extension of toeir field of operations. HltoertoArgentlae Confederacy.The tzxt of the treaty Is published to La Republic* of Moiiievjdro, uf Nov. 15. Tbe most importaat potots"here, ago figured on toe maps as the Great Americaa Des-To judge &t)m the speech made by Mr. Cosi, of thename Stoto, several weeks ago, Mr. Peon, we are glad had arrived, and very Indignant at finding soliiers Aar. I. Huenns Ayres acknowledges herself an la- with so much corruption as randers bis success in tne were far more numerotu than men.to belteve, is very far I'rom representing the true pub- 'lic aenlimcnt of Alabama. The Union has no moreloyal champion on the floor than Mr. Cobb, and tbere^aie few of the old Soutbem members who exer>:i.sanxvB eoaservatlve weight. With certain very marked tiim go. peculiarities of manner in his delivery, his mx'ter isThe ssmetliose gentlemen ran against him in his own distri^Vhad arilmd at Mea-to have to Americaa belonged cltixeas.assistants, leaves large an accession to our and numbers,andto quenceof tola nacertatoty, toe Directory ha'i;and. finally, that'7^ grants erettta'g anawehopetomake ptohewerfulnonoBolleshostiletotoetrueInterestsof peo^e, and opposed to tlM spirit of free tostl-ert—and where aabout bis door and the officer iuslde, he hiid hold oa irgral pun ot tbe Aigsntloe Coufederatlon, and rerl- CoBveotlen a cishonor tostead ul an honor, we hare The grand opening ball at Broadwell's Hotel cameBut, ere this answer reached the officer, the Cons'ilenough of toem to taint Mr. PAPBLroan's nomtoatioafirs her Incorpurallun therein by taking toe salema preferred to take toe safe course of keeping Inside of off last Mr.him—bad a ravoiver brou>hi—took away hrs swurd— oath of the .NauoDai Constitution.Monday night,toen beard his eipiai.aliuQ— tuuk wine with him — {liie officer sajs)—returuwl liim hU sword and latthe special charges made agatost him. Our convic- tion is strong that money waa paid, aad otoer moneyBxoapwiu, has spent some $12,0(10 In building; and fitting it up, and has it sunote, steitogcomplaluliig of this outrage;whicti ledtrailon.any-eveningthe Consul wrote theGovernor aThe iVrjs furtoer declares that toe nomtnatloB Is not SB expression of toe sentiment of the Reput>licaaare a." followsyear ago prairie-dogs and wolres;Articles 2, .1,4 and 5 pruride for the meettogof acoiiteiiitoi, lu f XMmine the Constitution and prorldelor various ]-4iiiucal wants of Buenos Ayres. The make Mr. PACSLroau very much ashamed." reform..* sought bv this provisional convention willlie It terrcd to tbe Govorument of thefar that he is now able? completedCon-has defeated Senators Cut and Jsaz Ci,shx:is. when rertainly canaui be justified, since this subaltern had AitT. 6. While affairs In regard to these reforms Tarty. Other State papers, who have heretofore sup- thing which could be expected in this country, andported, the Republican aad American-Republican would do credit to many places tn the East, which ticket, asteit toat It is an unjust oomination, and not have been cities for the last tiventy years. Tne hole' toe voice of the flfople. The aDivarsai <lis.ipproba- is finely carpeted, and the rooms papered and fur- tlen shows concUslvely that tke course of the Con- nished to a style which does cteJlt to itsalways earnest and suggestiveand the fa^t that heandArgenUneplainthe mterior. however, is far In advance of;epresenUiive character aad popularity. Tnis pacsa- aad a wmfdpoUcemea,:sie tir.dccided, Buenos Ayres shall maintain dipiu- Biasy years ago, must t>e sufficient evidence of Us Us next day, howeyer, oOlcerswere sent with mstto relations with no power whatever.B*- -"^ffi Briw In rr"*"^ Mi Iti'r'f'"'petttesotoArticle 10 piovldes that all the previous difficulties rsquesilagthai betaecnBueuosAyiesaudtheConfederationshallbeiBtereaiing from Japaii.JAPAB JniBABbT TO TBI VRITXD STATm—You ami your readers have been apprised longStates aad Japan in Juns, 1858, two Jspaaese Commissioners were to be bsnl lo Wsahlagfon la a national ressel,thetions, aad wito whom tbe United Butes areSiosecountric-s,locarryouttbrirownmaddreams, CalifondaandOregon.Itwasconditionaltotha EOHOKATSRSUljJEChltE,TORBK*CO—CAPTAI.SSAraucanoe occupy a large portion of the soil of Chill. so much expeese would im Incurred, and discomfort Elderation to msney, aad wlto the sUpulatlsa toatTheir domain commences about 4* miles south of experiabced. by the officers aad craw of ths /*dwAaJaa, said lands shall be surveyed by toe said Jscxxx, Toxatat the time that uatU his rote will elect, he shall uut the ceajt, which, for tbe most part, though little set- elicr before tha great and uaknowa City of Jeddo. Tbe State Government of Soaera deales tbe an- heraafler go outside his onn party for a candidate. tled. Is under the control of the Guvernmeat.* These Wednesday, Oct. 5, havlag slopped a few days at ilwrity of ConoBroat to make such a graat, aadThis makes it clear to srery one that we are no near- aborlgtoes are fierce, of uncertain number, and very NsgasakL claims toe public lands as toe exclusive property of er an orgsnlzaiion today than we were four weeks truublebome nrlghbura. Soma say that they can put iiavliig spent some days oader the hospitable roof tbe estotos whei^to they are located. statohis roto sgabi for Jobx A. Giiasa, explaining Conce^^lon, and toence extends to^Chilo^, exeeptiag shuald their long-cberlshed hopes ba blasted. For * Co., and separated from the prlrato lands. these reasons, laBvInK Shanghai Sept. 17, ws cast an-aad some reckon taeir of Mr. llABais, 1 have learned all the particulars re- toat, in formtog the certaTthoey force at a still higher figure. However, I do aut spectUigthe Commissioners and their future move- CoafederatiOB. powers nnaroldable absence of three DemocreU can give a dream ibey eaa do anythmg of the Itlad. They ara ments. There a»e two pvties to Japan—the Pro- wese granted to toe Federal Ck>vemment by toe tode- good horWaien ; but tteir only weapea is a laag lance gressives and Old Fogies ; ttie men wtio are attached pendent States, but toat the power of dlspostog of theago, and that but the nothinger 30,oua warilors la tha field ;aceldeuUI, designed speedy solution to this problem. Gsoaos S. IIobstok,of reed and same rude sllaga.On the xlst inst they attacked the town of Araaoo,to the Institutions, toe customs and thenon-totarcoarseofthe South Americanslandsor graated by then, bat retatoed as one of toeir ownAlabAma, then ro»e to place tba reapooalbilily onuf their fathers and others who see ;public a-lrantages Mlwlthto toeir respective boundaries wasand a oiclt- thereupon ^harp.policyin commerce and intercourse withotherwhichCAKrsBLi.,ofPennsylvania,Adiaib,ofNew- sonedandcontained300soldiers. Theladlonswere stances, and freely do what toey soon must do from powers coafsrred opoa him, as there wereupon Sabtathe -i^tl aay of Februwry;at tbe apputoted time, as also to urge an earlierat the sofithern extremitv of the bay of toat name.very daring, rushing with their lances on the irifautry, necessity. The Emperor Is always a mere cypher, Abba when ke disposed of Arixona to toe UnitedStotea, The Mexican was not consulted CongressIng and very ridiculous contruv«r>y sprang up, in They numbered 1,500. The town had b(?en garri- el.«e thtok It is better to yield gracefully lo turcuoH serereign rights. CononroBr had no extraordinaryJersey and Hobacb P. Ci.au were the chiefpanU on one sirte, and Mr. HocsToa on the other.10 old. but to fact as im- yearawho were thus able to ahoot them down like d<>t<s.boy onlyupwardi, A Councilare said not to hare lust a single man.'' '"^ •"rtous. andWlsed «Hh laughter. The maU closes, however, aad chiefs was made prisoner. Ths Goeerament uoops members is selected Irom toe hereditary prtoees, of fied by toat bodyl.i!~l*"?I » e have seen here.of six= rram AeatberAccordingly, additional forces are going forward to be prepared litr them,^BBAIXBCerrcependeni.Oy JCDOB DOU0LA&—PHlSIDMTIAlPB08PXCTS. ''^'"""'••Tuesday.Jan. 10, IBM.Tiwre are said lo t>« a BumHer of Chilians among Ihtm; Inelllag them to make thin atuck on the nea. o- tul iiibnbttants of the frontier settlements. Tibsla and SiiTA are naniei often mentioned la tids infamous and Inhuman connection.and Capt. Stobs's surreying party, and our Oerera- meat has not taken aay measures to enforce tbe con- tract of Jscisa, Toaan * Co., and it Is difficult to concelre oa what ground that firm, one a German by btrto and a naturalized citlsen of Msileo, and toe otoer a Spaniard, can ask our troops aad ships of war„L -•- Ttohadthof Jndfa DotrotAS was never bettorThe Government would gladlv take hold ef Ibement very much okat toe Heuse of Commens is toNOBODY. tion waj) to recruit their forces ana renew the attat^k. the Engr.bh. Tbe Emperor may select iilB Council legally disposeThe Indians retired, hut 1'U ^uaposed thsir Inten-of toe wholeHers rests toe dispute between the Stoto of SoaoraAt present, political quiet seenu to bo restored.gout, altlicugh of late tha troops quartered In this t9wa ful and nappy country foreign nations,aart a fit of dyspepsia into a sarlous attack ofeajy show to what eztreanea that wretched paper is have been ileeping an tiielr arms at nij<ht. the author-ynyaRdatB esfrj the Democratic banlMr to victory la theto Seaora, bet "Ikey would not be permitted to coa- ' Ml* tow warts for NAnaam P. Bsaia, of Maasa- ttte returned (torn a Cahtnet is, to tbe of tte treaty, feel pieeeal neaMBt. •togoinItseffottstoInjuretheonlymanwho itieshavingreceivedInformationthatsomethingwasthey needed nothing, as centuries of seclusion had shown, when they bad wfaatevar Immaterial things their wanU and, besides, untotermptedJMttfactloB. It is now tboroBghly onderstuod andof life.The Min'sterofthe Interior and Foreign Affairs,BiA, waa obliged to succumb to the tempest bis Minis-ters bad raised, aad, dismtsslag then, appotot a new ttoae the* surrey." Thiu toe matwr standi at thebare that the ifsreU means to come outtits ladl.achtexctustoatoTahltL Ithas been ruaoied thatabUged to obserre ij,blghlyIntended. Anyraorementwillbeputdovn.Board from he opposlto party. capitii. Ills brotlMT also has policyCoaonmT In tbewhom there are 3(0, who are lo toe Japanese govern- nays that, if ConoBFoaT held any such power, lie eoaldof State fiom these iisowau, or princes, and toeymay pursue the course toey please, but unless It alsoplcHtea tbe Dalmlaa, and they retose to sancUoa it,tbe Emperor is obliged to dismiss then and appointothers. When toe treaty was propoeed ItencewiteredTioieni oppo*ldnn in toe Cooncii, though It was flnailysai.ctioBetf ; while toa majority of tha Prtoees de-nounced it en ail occasions, some of toem declaring.Indianslareducethem,wereItnotforapprehenslous astheyonteouchedtoeirhandstuo>atthitswtowuoldswboerdtswtwtohrictho tomoveuponAonoraandenforceacontractdeclared every always carries,perish manfully, standing by the sacred lastltudonsand poUcv of their fatherst,othan fo open theiorfbweanuotim-by thatillagaLOpposed,wMehIt aelroatmtane UUntitled Documenttoeythis dalaaoa ot itota listtt 9«Mta ttaaiifcaa Mr.Inq eftkSaM.,mVaBatihasrdwwayyi^(WiK>rrw^a-eosvt aalmpottentbeaslsigaathaqiasuqitodlspete.ssbetfetr Msbeca appotote«, wha woaU certaialy ba rtady to eia- of Forolga WaMi, on Colontaattoa by fotelgners/"w ascalfulnlcd at 12.1100 marks, aad so worth *ltO,OuO. pbysicians, and servaata. lUaais told taem qneulon owi>erBliip public (t«ersesaand toat». ha t City ears by«woulddecreaseitif sbvOn thethe mines areese, tribute to;would be an and aanovancetread mote abstaclsa tkaa. a-aanamTbe are for sim- Jspauese, howevet, disttoguishedour own totrtasts In the matUr. Firtt—l consider such moasterthe la th*- meantime we Bhall be making our war aroundJapaneseourfor Governor by toe rettat Stato Convea- lion, there has bean an tocreasing feeltog of disaatls-patriot-anaturss had r'liv fonncii for leave to supply the city with Kas, factlon, and of determinatlOB not to suppori the nem- beea oblatoed—a partion only of whi:h were genume.As aas a wholesale grocer stands at tha bead of toe trade in tlus clly. But his aoratoatlon for toa office of thegenerallyjustlyment Isalmost toeir entire attention has bsea devoted toandfarorite employ-citizen he Isregularnomiaee of theths Bomlaation, and now toat tka regular aomination Is amas of ultra and Abolitionwhich it does uncomfortobleposition.otiSredto bepaid,unce'rcirciimstaaces that SBuuldte accommodate the traveltag public. The house is two stories high, 4» feet by f>o. with an eli 60 feet mora. Its exterior isIt finds itself la annotThe Providence Priu, an todependentout boldly against the nommation, and declares It a:made lo us, and although we are foiced to bellevspro-ledg- paat poil'ical opli,lons and actions. This is equiva- ing of the people Is towards conservatism and con- togs for sixty, and set a Ublo for as many more.Ayrr-'Sthe Clerk now begins to call the roll for the Srst rata d»eUiDg. He a>ked lor delay. This being refused,, shsUsiitier confivcalion or be at all molested for his rentlon was unsatisfactory, and that toe genutos feel- prietor. When completed it • will furnishhe consented to expostulate with his wuo he" of the day. It Is evident that Mr. Pcoh is regentod guests,asbaringmadeahit—dozensoftheSoutbemassn Hereportedinaitheywuuldnotsuireoder.promlneutamongstwhommaybenoticedCaAWrasn, ad8formalproteitagainsttbearmedforceenle/lng'.:election sentative."totheGrfceraiGuvernmeitt.nth of November.A grsud TV Drum was sung at Buenos Ayrss inthere wHi.be a consolidated Opposition. The radical toe duringcoming Summer,time for suck operations, as toe work can be dons as as a posslMe successor to Sbiuiam, has not spoken, That an enor was committed by that police officer He exhorts them to remain to tlie Confederacy, and which evsry citizen owes to his country, to this crisis well to Wtoter as at aay other Bsason„and will|«opleAyresauthority,BsfubUcaiis and Americans. With a tail, large, apology for tht, intiusiou be claimed, and that tLe offi- scDiatlves aatoorlzed the Executive power to ratify influence to the electoral action of Rhode Island the thoroughly tested, and is theinBed aad commanding figure, abort, rusty gray halr- -• drooping nose, beardless cheeks, good-humored igray eyes, shaggy gray «ye-brows, and a mouth wlt!ia dealf'f Inits in good quiet pieassntry corners, he,the r«ace concluded on the iOth t>etween toe State o' comtog Fall. Four electors are to b« chosen to repre- manner to which real mining should be done to this Buenos Ayres and toe Piesident of toe Argentine sent toe State to the selecUan of the next conntiy.ler be repiiniaiided.But to avk that Dr. T>iTm be exonerated when hehad coiumttted a graver error, because a sei^ondLieut, of Police had committed another, isthat lie be pronounced blameless, wuen he cleailr waa to blHme, and ought lo have knowu bis pusiuua and duty bttter.DAru, of Maryland.The roto on the National sids has bean very scalter-Confederation.Prestt'ent. If they are to be of the same strip: as The weather for the last two weeks has beeii more the nominations just made. It will be an anfortaalssome respects, resembles Gen. Iloc:>Totf, and also has a likeness, more eFpecially at a distance, to Gen. Seen. Not so brisk on his feet as he was some yearsIf this Govemicent iuis any respect for Its own Uil honor, aud any regard, in fact, for truth, I see not how ofaa oid'fashioned to ma- thtycnn. by receding, so exonerate him: aud an sereDty-four attempting Sony that, tnrouirh injudicious diplomacy, the Amert- BCnTre in a small harbor. Hs is unwieldy, but In caullorernmentbhoul'i beiuiind asking what It would ttotgraat lu similar drcumrtances, aud >4hat many Americans, longest resident here, would dud do sus-ticket elected, the iullueacs will be changed for good, and electors will be chosen from men of fair minds of juit and patriotic opinlona. whose votos to the Electoral College will be devoted to such candi- dates as toey honestly think will serve toe people of all sections of toe country wlto fearless justice, aad will protect toe laws and rights of each State to toeir Cunatliutionai fulfillmeat,I should hats said that two of the number of toe Stats ticket, toe Secretary ef State and Geaerai Treasurer, ate American- Republicans. They were renomtoated. The Governor, LlentensBt-Gavemor aad Attorney- General are of too ultra sentiment.The Ceaeral coaveae at the Stato-bonse Assemblyto-iM>rrow to accordaace wito tow aad custon. Tkebands of Coaunlttees and memoers for presentatloa. HIPPARCHUt.The Stone Laud Grant.ago, the elderly Govemer now and then reminds onoaskin;;nsrel wassu>n u( peace, and the consequent ceisatioa of boe- ed by toe people, and a conservative Republlcaamild. Tbetemperatureisasfollows Df. 1AUA (teamBaenos Ayres tu notify the coatending fleets of the concln-:dispatched froiarotathatKhodeIslandwillcastlathatelectisn. If, on the oihsr haad, thopreaent nominations are resist-attention has;and now toe State of Sonorajustlybeeaof wbosi two were cea-\ieliim«abun.lanlly. Thela>tbreaktoioutwa' si*ak time,tte- Dutch, and perhaiia som»i little English. tw.j of to tbe lands,forty toat American tasto aadaa »- .X9a eren our greatest men had an retinne eral GovemmeDt or to toe States, hss JS -aa4 boldMay LeartogJeddetoafewdays,weshallrundowa grsnt.Repnbli:!are unlike Janaa- to/dioA,) colonization.rail,the £a(U. ^ taptremaikaMy clean, aiaeeiblisupport:list,experienced by ua la furalshtog toa must first t>e establishedreseinhle UI. btbuaalL^oouatrylabor and energy, where aclaim tbe Boat Inportaat dljooreries by virtue «f theircdmeswill find la Mr. nomination for Governor is justly very aapalatoble, WlU. a gentlemanly and obllgtog host, an 1 in his and one which no patriotic community, anywhere, house a pleasant home. I am coBfident ke cannotolnto aad concentraudquestion to enerlain, how far wo should allow local la, undoubtedly,circumstances. election of ^The presentdisaffected who persons,alwaysThis WM taken advantogo of by a number of candi-Oppo-character. The known as -'Lager Bier" has been mtroducedby toe reguiar brewery of Solomoh * Co., but as I ara not a judge offorgotten located as we are to the midst of a;would Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 