 ft-v^s#**•>»d.>** vrrsaner,088jf T •;ff TA fF^A.p J1MIMIMT ^ w * » T w« NEW:fdliK' liilL T TOIBIJSB, SATURDAY, iBRIL 7, 1860.~~-that Savoy should be dSsmem&u^Braaee Mraounced the cession, although wishing to protect the interestsfotk* SMior, Sm: I hay.nications inlcandidates prego ConYentioithe general ewith which th1. ever diversity there i$ a' ge among the meI n reviewi: remains still ce The first is tha this or that ca party s i to the'Claims are to g As it appear? in practice an-ohe' candidate otters, and wli sides, a s only <must be;;done t -claims,; and h basis, WDl bethe party: And what ispublic services Chase, Mr. Bm public services,-compensated bj Let us.- reflec offices, and, wehave had their' honorable fam< occupied and tb ever they have their duty, and perogation is allBut there are this principle 0: £ubhc office. I<etitonce.be u piein debt,acd and we lay bofc tion to act, not principles of ps up a bill that t greatest office nAnd still agaii the good of the •tnmibents. Thehappiness and p and is above a n and payment. suffrage, to infu people ar» in c him, in order V introduce into a our choice is no tions in the natiThe only clai tion, in any can< lie. Heisthef useful. ' Of con. doesnothold it are doubtful, avin a candidate, can paity will si personal claims, who will,jneur< will ill discharge not select the sta Republican prin To run a needlei tration,if not th< is intrusted to thAs to who is £ course be avuri* " President of th "ahardworkei words, that with " Trumbull, and " Connecticut." derous candidatelad to learn tha fabita is so strc Seward is the sta number, admitth general populari pie, oneofth would have the I Pennsylvania, II to be*the opinion Banks, ana Pesg<candidates by cei Let u^ tee if \ in this matter, I lay it dawn, thei iikelv to be electtheFreeStatee; tingle electoral yj ticket in any SlaiThe great chaj caused his def< candidate.•In,great and momei weighed Ithae and any-candidal sition, will, we h shock of the bat this point and foiThe Bepublici which, once eml to the heart; an tional; that it eand not by gener and is not to be e in their sorereThis opinionha teDee, in the mint of the recent ope era statesmen, th institution, and, tal extension.But while sui: many very eincl coming election; manyotixers,eqi who look.to cot•only a paity, tal Tbefee persorsj be the state of t-iChase, or any ot senPicsident!a vote south of then, a gulf, tween the Nott inaldivision-?the awful words 1 tional annals,-anc shall the RepnblilAndwhatwill/ under such a Pre^ against him; pei Housealeo,afterj tion likely toHot we likely to have will be contencT sjents the North,And will^ot the irritation and pro^Now,I think cans who will voteforanycane single Slave St of the Free StatAndgire upSome reen at much as!victory] that hard knocks] persons areaii invariably keepi never giving the while there are people of-all ]•ernment 'as hav view. The maid dallylovetheUJ desire reconcilias of that amicable! intercourse whi<[gether. v.Now, these viein the comingel •Ofvotes.,Tney: votes of menhol<J reds of thousand to any party. Rates,wefeel thedoomofany1 oftheviewsw| believe that eitt Illinois or.fhdiam] is merely^ the re^ discussion comee saries hayemade! people and the njatthechoiceof have a Southern J thousands willSuch is the pr it more as a ofpolitics,we1 representedby Houseand Sena4 Press. Tel such) in the Slaye StatJ. ihrfr,*•THE PRINCE OF WALES.to be finished, when London will be in direct commu- nication with Calcutta.Lord Derby had been examined concerning the Gal- way Mail contract, by the Committee of the House of Commons having the subject under investigation. H e explained the objectswhichtheGovernment hadin view in granting the contract.*EMANUEL AND ANNEXA TION.From The London Timet, March 20.The King of Sardinia has taken the step for whichhe has so long been preparing. H e has laid his handsupon the patrimony of St. Peter. Modena and Parma•••NAPLES.i.< -Savoyards, who might have had scruples of conscience lHtweenAustria,Russia,andPrussia, looms inthe edgedastheirchampions,willbelongabletostruggle future. . Such a n alliance cannot have any otherTheGeographicalandStatisticalSocietyhelditsreg- An invasion of Kokees bad taken place in Tipperab. ular meeting Thursday evening. President HA WKS in-jhf*-€ I^Z*as would procure a conviction in a Court of Justice. "In plainer words," Ianswered, "you have1 re-PARIS, Wednesday.—The Emperor received the deputation from Savoy a t 2J o'clock this afternoon.IMPORTANT FROM EUROPE.Prince of Wales to Canada, on his forthcoming visit' will consist of the screw-steamer Hero, 91 guns; the Ariadne, screw, 26guns; the Plying Pish, screws.6 cunB; and the royal paddle yacht Osborne._The Prince will take his passage out and home in the Hero, one of the finest vessels of her classin the navy. The yacht Osborne will be retained for service on the coasts and rivers of Canada. . , .. , .The London Time$, in an: editorial o n t h e subject, expresses a hope that the Prince, after visiting Canada, will make a tour through the United States, where h e may be sure of a generous welcome; and if he should visit fee President, at Washington, -The Times feels sure the courtesy will be appreciated, a n d the act willwhich has scarcely a parallel," and while his victims are calling: aloud for succor to their brethren who have achieved their own freedom. There are., great desti- nies for Italy yet unrolled, but Victor Emanuel has need of prudence as well as chivalry, if he would play his part in them successfully to the end.FKANCE.••—According to the Paris correspondent of The London Post, the relations of France and England were not in a very satisfactory state.The camp at Chalons this year is to consist of 60,000 men, under Marshal McMahon.The Paris correspondent of The London Daily Nevissays i t was reported that a French diplomatic manifestowould shortly appear, in which all designs upon theRhine frontier will be expressly disclaimed^andthe in-ference will b e repudiated, that because France^, forWe have recived from good authority the following intelligence from Ceuta: ." Gen. Ecbangue, with eight battalions of his corps, marched from "the camp of the Serallo on Sunday morn- ing to join O'Donnell's force. It reached retuan on Monday afternoon, and encamped outside the c : t y ." Much curiosity was excited, and many conjectures afloat in the Spanish camp, in consequence of, a confer- ence which took place on Monday afternoon between Muley Abbas and O'Donnell a t fee head-quarters of the latter*" After t h e conference t h e Moorish Prince dined with O'Donnell. Nothing had transpired respecting the matters discussed at the interview, but they were supposed to have been of great importance, since on its termination Gen. Prim ordered forty Catalans aid an escort of hussars, accompanied by two Moorish guides, to proceed to Ceuta with dispatches. The dis- patches were to be transmitted to AJgeedras without a moment's delay, by the first Bteamer that could be got ready, and forwarded from AJgesiras.to Madrid by tel-I begged M. Carafa not to talk of a man in Prince T©reJla/s position being arrested by mistake, for that the only *error'? which was evident was a miscalcula- tion of the effect.upon the public whicja had been pro- ducedby the arrest.I atked whether Prince Comporeale, who had con- waled himself, was a dangerous character, and with regard to him I was told that I might convey to him the assurance that he might return home without being molested.I then said that the Marquis de Bella had been told that if he gave himself up he should receive passports for the frontier, but that he dared not put himself in the hands of the police, as innocence nolonger protect- ed a man from punishment in a country where he is not allowed t o disprove t h e charges brought against him; and M. Carafa empowered m e t o convey to him the promise that'. he would be allowed to leave the country.I used all the arguments. in m y power to persuade the Government to pause in the fatal course in which they have embarked, and I especially pointed out that at a moment when the Administration is without a President or head, the odium of these measures would fall direct upon the King himself, and I concluded b y saying that as I felt convinced that the destruction both of his Majesty and of the dynasty is inevitable un- less wiser counsels are listened to, I would beg him t o request for me the honor of an,audience, in order thatof Switzerland. at'theTuileries.On Saturday the deputatTon will dine , ;[K''':;_* ••}£««jCHBJVil* O P T H E•'• - • - —KANGAROO.DEPARTURE OF THE FRENCH ARMY FROMPTALY.MILAN, March 21.—The French army baisto-daycommenced its returning movement to-France, and the 80th Regiment of the Line by way of Susa; one com- pany leaving per day. The 2d Regiment of the Line by way of Nice, the battalions ^parting daily. ;DISTURBANCES A T ROME. OT1 ROME, March 20.—Yesterday evening certain c&V turners of the public peace attempted a manifestationagainst t h e police, which w a s instantly repressed*. Order and tranquillity have been preferred withou any incident to recount.Annexation-fear•£•*:• .ofSFEECH OF VICTOR EMANUEL.T»E POPE MENACES VICTOR EMANUEL. tend to draw cloeer the bonds whichunitethetwo.5= ttf- :Exciting Rumors from Borne.countries. , . . • » ....'-..:• . Florence Nightingale w as so - seriously ill that prayers were offered up for her in the various garrison-MCREASE OF THE SARDINIAN ARMY.•••••chapels of England. .Mrs. JamceoD. the authoress, died on the 17th t u t .. • , COMMERCIAL.Telegraph to Liverpool, . TUESDAY EVENING, March 21, I860.pecial reasons, now adds two small parcels of territoryAUSTRIAN YJEW OF ANNEXATION. M. Jullien is likewise dead. His faculties were par- to her Empire, she therefore means to set a precedent egraph. The order was so literally executed that theBy*-CONTINUED AGITATION AT NAPLES,MARKKT8 9 1 X L .It is Btated that the export duty on rags, which theFrench Government proposes to substitute for the rived fromTetuan, we have published the Huja Suelta, when the catastrophe arrives I may not have upon my1^iK 'The terew-eieamship Kangaroo, Captain Brooks,*iv X1same language as m y s e l f - . ^ ^ E L L I 0 T . no bullion operations at the Bank.English funds continue to be unfavorably influenced•-which Bailed ftom Liverpool at 11 o'clock on the morn- ing of the 21st, and touched at Qneenstown on the 22d ntL, arrivedhcre on Friday morning.The French and Spanish Ministers have held theTie new steamship Canadian, for Portland, left Liv- had already been allowed to gravitate to the formingSIR: Her Majesty's Government approve the steperpool about the same time as the Kangaroo.The steamship Enropa arrived a t Qneenstownmass of Italian power, and the mere appearance of theMarch, to ask an audienee of the King with a view of doing all in your power to save an inexperienced sov- ereign from impending ruin.o njo. on.the 19th nit. many who have accustomed themselves to believe thatcaused but slight sensation.. But this formal state pa- theeveningofthe18th,and reachedLiverpool at7p. per is accompanied bya declarationwhichstaitlesIf. per sack. tained.T h e price of Wheat was i well main-The steamship Balbec was to leave Liverpool for ISfc Halifax and New-York on the 24th, in place of theI below the terms of the Bank of France. MISCELLANEOUS.. iv•Jura.The Tj. 8 . steamship Iroquois arrived at Gibraltar onthe 14th from Genoa.The TJ. S. corvette San Jasinto^ from Teneriffe, ar-rived at Cadiz on 9th of March. _,».- ;• *T H E SA VOY QUESTION.The annexation of Savoy to Prance was generally >«garded as an accomplished fact. The I^ondon Times admits that the Emperor Napoleon had gone so far that he could not in honor recede without a fight, and saysthat be must be permitted to carry off his prey.It is asserted that all the appointments, of prefects jusd other officials for Savoy had been completed inPteisw 'The Paris Pairie publishes a letter from Torinstating that t h e question.of t h e annexation of Savoy had been definitively settled between Prance and Sir-dhvia.The Savoy deputation, consisting of forty members,had arrived in Paris, and had been received by the Em-The King replied: "This manifestation of the na- licnal will is so universal and so spontaneous, tbat it " Romagna, which has already separated itself from. confirms to Europe, at a different time, and under al-peror.. ''< A dispatch from Vienna announces that Austria willpronounce herself against any violation of the rights of JBwiee neutrality guaranteed by treaties.The treaty relative to the cession of Savoy is said to have been signed by Prar ce and Sardinia before the issueofH.Thouvenel'sdispatchofthe14thofMarch.to defend the independence necessary to the Supreme Minister of Religion, the Pope, to contribute to the splendour of his Court, and to pay homage to his sov- ereignty. Our Parliament, in receiving the represen- tative of Central Italy, will assure prosperity, liberty, and independence to the new kingdom."the severe measures which were intended, a n d a n Austrian General had arrived at Naples. A correspon- dence on the affairs of Naples between Lord John Russell and the British Minister at Naples had been laid before the Houee of Commons. These documents show that the English Cabinet h a s earnestly remon- strated against the policy of the Court of Naples, but without producing a n y important general results.Lord John Russell, in his lo6t dispatch, giveB some sound and strong advice on the necessity for reform.Gen. Filangbieri h a d resigned, a n d Prince Casaro hadsucceededhimasPresidentoftheCouncil.THE REIGN O F TERROR IN NAPLES. The following dispatches were made public in Lcm>don on the 19th of March:MB, ELLIOT TO LORD J . RUSSELL.(Received March 8.)NAPLES, March 2, i860.conspiracies, a n d insurrections; that h e r Majesty's agents and consuls, wh'le they religiously abstain from taking.a part in such plots, have nad convincing evi- dence of their existence.Should such conspiracies endanger the throne of his Sicilian Majesty, h e r Majesty's Government can only lament t h e blindness which afflicts his Conncil. B u t her Majesty's Government will neither accept any part of their responsibility, nor undertake to ward off the consequences of a nongovernment which has scarcely a parallel in Europe.Thereformsnecessary requirenoelaboratema- chinery or profound meditation. Let the Neapolitan Government arrest no man without bringing him face to face with his accusers. Let them subject no man to injurious restrictions without proof of some crime o r offense against public 'order; let the law, as it stands, be equally applied to all. With these simple but bro ad changes, a beginning would be made; popular institu- tions might follow;, time for deliberation would beplished, hasspread general alarm amongthe crowned heads of Europe, and may soon lead to a coalition against France. W e see that Prussia is strengthening her army organization, in order to he ready for all eventualities, while at St. Peters- burg, the rumored dismissal of Gorchakoff and fee appointment of Budberg as his successor, indi- cates, if true, that the Russian and Anti-Austrian party, is losing ground, and that an alliance be-The Austrian Government had dispatched its replyand,inhiscase,likethatofPrinceTorella,theorder for the arrest is now said to be a mistake.Duke Proto and Marquis Vulcano have been arrest- ed and ordered into exile without trial or examination.centonincomesoffrom£20to£50,andabovethat4per cent.• Important alterations are to be made in the tariff*. The duty on twist and yarn is to be raised to 10 perfacturedgoods,andahscalbounty0110percent. If the condition of India is favorable to these manufac- turers the first two might be considered to present a sufficient stimulus without the 10 per cent protectivebe extracted from the pockets of the faithful.The Romagna is gone from the Pope as irrevokably as Savoy is gone from Sardinia^—we will not yet a d d Nice to this category, although we have not much hope tbat the municipal council ot that city, even with the aid of the three Englishmen whom they have acknowl-i,' meaning than a French war for the extirpation of against absorption. In this speech Victor Emanuel says nothing of Tuscany, but it is now pretty certainThere are likewise two Marquises Monte.Rossi,and cent, and ealtpeter ia to be eubject to a duty of 2 ru- duty. A duty had previously been imposed of 10 perBonapartism, andtherestoration oflegitimacy.TUte Eastern Empires cannot allow the principles«f universal suffrage to be introduced into the pub-JRe law ofEurope. They fear, too,the appli-cation of the French theory of natural boun-daries en the Rhine; and they must hand, togetheror else submit to the insolent supremacy of Napo- quiesce. Austria undertakes solemnly that, if nothingtoWn w a s patrolled, and the troops kept under arms, butnoBortofdisturbancetookplace,thoughtheGov- ernment affirm that they had positive proof th it there was to be a dangerous demonstration, and that a sedi-A report was current of treason at Indoor, the capi talofHolkar. '•'*'.the chair. Mr. FISKE reported that,during thelast six months, the Library of tne Society has been increased by392volumes,105maps,and273pamphlets.The Nominating Committee proposed Prof. Samuel F . B.h -leon. . The French Emperor, however, who tram- more be taken from her, she will make no effort to re- ples fhe treaties of 1815 under his feet, and even gain what she Las lost. She will fight for Vene-Stales to Piedmont a flagrant violation of the treaty of Zurieh. which formally reserved the rights of the deposedPrinces,hadresolved toadjourntherenewalas conclusive, and the accused are summarily ordered into banishment, untried and unheard.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.exhibited much dullnein, and Coniola had further declined, ow-disregards thejustclaimsofAustria,feelshimself strongenoughagainstany coalitionnotsupported byEnglishsubsidies,sincehecanatanymomentI will inform your Lordship bythemessengeronthedittznit701011theEmperorNapoleon'scourseInspired. On#g:mmi'T .*; *n««its uses that, when Milan feels jealous, or Florencethinks slightly of Turin, or unpopular Ministers stirBy way of Gibraltar we have some particulars $ 'call for such extreme measures, directed against men the opening of the second campaign in Africa.. In tho who could scarcely be seriously suspected of conspiracyBREADSTUFFS—Messrs. Richardson, Spence & Co.GREAT BRITAIN. _____ _____the hot blood of these Italian races, Venetia n a y be last engagement the Spanish lost 250 killed and or treason.necessitiesofthe presentcrisis,and theycounselSar- >_>oient m the election of Members of Parliament that dinia, while she gathers together her acquired booty,Another severe fight took place on the 7th, in which the Spaniards were victorious.thattheGovernmentfeltno uneasiness,butthat theyhad received undoubted information of the intention ofthe partisans of annexation to Sardinia of making,a late rates. Bacon in fair request, at steady prices. Lard slow lengthens the belief of an open polar'sea. The drift-ffeaiTeyttham moved a resolution declaring that it is ex- * " ^ ^ # e l e c t o r s be taken by secret ballot.PROVISIONS.—Beef and Pork very difficult to sell a t paper alludes to the remarkable drift of the Fox, an*J^•SSSi&iHrS1*1^avoteof 4 Yeasto39Nays. ofpeacetothewholeofthatPeninsula.Vesuviusitself J i ^ S S l l J E ^ ? 1 * ^ « * Kmglake put some is not so full of fire as ia the country which will-now k#«S 5 ^ f ^ 5 ^ eoveraroent a.to the affairs of Savoy be divided from Sardinia only by a narrow strip, in-I * W W » o f Newcastle opposed the motion, and ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ J J » «n essential element of free-Provinces o f Italy which are thus happily emanci- ^•wo, sad that the b*llbt adopted in America is not a pated from thraldom, is manifest; but no modera- tion in the ruleis of Northern Italy will give promiseeystem of telegraphing weather, now in use in GreatBritain, is alluded to with much commendation., The-fc&tfSE S f o f l w S 2 ??* *?«* that the Municipal sS^LiSte^4 ^^1 *9 Mmaija annexe/togreatconvulsionintheKingdomofNaplesisatthismomentonlyaquestionofmonthsordays./Whathasbeesforetoldforsometimepastbjrtravelers,andespecially by our correspondent in thatcity; 13nowTheCorrespondtncia Autografd announces',that thepersonsimplicated;butI,trustedthere,wasno ^k^L'^^S***-bltt,»0 <*»p?e inprice*. TALLOWfirmerandyears have been reduced and new charts produced, givingthemeandirectionandaverageannualdirection.* ofthewindsasdeterminedfrom1,213,930observa- tions. Very numerous barometric,observations seen* to show that the distribution of the atmosphere is not equalinthenorthernandsouthernhemispheres^m^mia,orfiulmgthat,tobecreatedanindependent LortJohnBnssell ain tastheMoorswillonlyconsenttopecuniarysacrifices asconditionsofpeace,warmustbecontinued.W AR I N MOROCCO.truthinthereportthatthosepersons,insteadofbeing openlybroughttotrial,wheretheirguiltorinnocence might be proved in the face of day, were to be sum- marily transported or exiled without trial or examina- tion. . ,.,.,:;,,..,,,, ,,:,.. „.,.,,.^,: / „ ,. '"'0re do n le,o?/«Sw?/ o if^? T*'W/$0»ronthespot.LinseedOILfffl:. ScotcFKgiRoy57/8-857/6. Th^rtac^WOOL sales had dosed-; the tone WMspirited throughout. andiSioes In most Instances were ffijMjft higher than at thehrt%$&.**els^ee. ^eoBd^naedtheWMasp^e^^ ous, and hoped fee Government would.;.;•-.:?as Mr. Elliot and LordJohn Russell say in their dUs- patchee,**tosave'aninexperienced Sovereignfrom lishmancanseriously • •—~«»j— ^u w ouwii'a-Sovereign-TbuttoIt was fully believed that the Moorswere commanded onthisioccasionbyanewMoorishchiefwhohad neve*beforebeenengagedinthepresentwar.Thelossonthepartofthe'Spaniardsisreportedto be upward of two nnndred men nots de combat; that of theMoerSvisbelievedtobemuchless,onaccountof the shelter the?rocks,afforded them. / .'•: ItWaspositivelyassertedamong^theofficersrofthe"spies whom you dare not bring face to face with !the accueed,"andthis,withoutapparentshame,M.Carafa franklyadmittedtobethestateofthecase,repeating thathewasaWaretheycoaidnotproeureia legalcon-viction^ but that: theyihad no doubt whatever of the guilt01theaccused. /* •.;.-,.„ ,'••••'•' ' ., I asked whether he or.any one else couldbelievaexpressed his. pleasure in receiving the, deputation,'and thefollowingissaidtobe thesenseiofhisMajesty's speech:ThereunionofSavoyandNicehasbeenre- solvedon onprincipled TheassentofPiedmont;and the population has, been obtained to the reconciliation ofthefrontiers,^w*d|he.negotiationsiwjfchthe Powers• Yours, respflotftOir, Mobil*,March28,I860.and'putting .»,..„^_tv__.^^MERCHANT.idlonrna fee^«eWhojngned the t m % c * ; ^ . ^^m^l^^m^^^^^^^W^iof a fa-arestaV«f wMoh d«ae* WMMwlbtvof swdSBU'Wir** "•"*tially restored on the 13th, and on the following day he expired.for daiming what are called natural frontiers.. Reports had been current that French troops had en-steamer, which was lying at Ceuta with fires hanked up waiting for the mails for, the Peninsula, was, when the dispatches reached Ceuta on Tuesday evening, a tThe tendency of the stock markets to-day was more* favorable^-the slowness with which prices recede has> discouraged>some of the speculators for the fall, and induced ^ m td buy back.. A little hesitation was oc- casioned by the telegram respecting the sdlkihess of* Austria, bu£ at the close renewed'firmness prevailed, assisted by intelligence of an improvement on the Paris Bourse, coupled with a slight advance on the foreign exchanges, and the latest quotations were nearly £?* cent above those of yesterday. British railway etocka remain very strong and have likewise advaneed. T h e demand for money continues active, and no business is done below the Bank minimum. There were, again?by the impression produced on all minds, as to the- character of the proceedings by which France Has a c - quired Savoy. There has been no recovery froto.the* decline of yesterday. /The Rupee stocks experienced a further reaction of i & cent. The demand for Discount has increased to- day, and a t the Bank t h e applications are numerous. The prevailing distrust o n t h e Continent is causinggreat stagnation in business. Money finds little emply- ment; and the rate a t Hamburg a n d Frankfort is 1J V cent; at Paris in the Discount marketitis2|orAt a meeting of t h e R e d Sea Telegraph Company,tered Savoy, but they were pronounced unfounded.the completion of the lines to India was formally an- The Paris correspondent of The London.Morning once sent off with them, and left the malls behind.'nounced. I t was likewiee stated that in the course ofacoupleofmonthsthe Mediterraneanlineisexpected underordersforSavoywasatleastpremature.'Since publishing the account of the encounter be- tween the Spanish and Moorish forces of the 11th last., which had been communicated by a traveler who ar-decree which annexed them to Sardinia would have" Infuriated by this defeat, t h e Moors prepared t o ake revenge on the Spaniards on the 11th, by surpris- ing the troops during the celebration of mass, and a c -cordingly, while this ceremony w a s taking place a t head-quarters, the Moors suddenly attacked t w o bat- talions of General Prim's division which had been sta tioned in an advance position to check any attack that might be attempted. The Moors presented a force of 15,000 men, the greater part cavalry, and it became necessary to bring up the 1st and 2d divisions, as also the divisions of the reserve, to bear against them." The action lasted for some hours, when finally the Moors were repulsedwith great loss. Special mention is made of the Spanish cavalry, which is Baid to have distinguished it*elf b y three different charges.. T h e commander of the Albuera Regiment of cavalry was taken prisoner by the Moors.The loss of the Spaniards is said to consist of 57< killed and 203wounded; among the latter, eight offi-there was real power latent under the threatenings and lamentations that came t o u s from Rome.. This King of a half-formed kingdom, ostentatiously deserted by his great protector, denounced as a sasrilegious robber by all the adherents of the old Papacy throughout Christendom, a n d bitterly hated by every nation which, like Austria a n d Spain, makes reJigions bigotry thespring of its civil system, ajvunas as caliuly to seize a province of the States of the Cbujch as an English soldier would walk up to take a iewel out of the head of an Indian idol. When Farinilajs befcre Victor Emanuel the result of the sullroces, his matter declares his acceptance " not only " of the States of Modena and Parma, but also of theBourse had beenfiat,that,withsomeverytnflmgcondition,Tuscanymust follow, and tbat the work is done. The two great ad- venturers who, twelve months ago, went out together tocarvenewfortunesinItaly,havenow,then,gotall that they for the present intend to seize. They have not only obtained their booty, but they have secured it. Their victims complain, indeed, but promise to ac-Exchange 2/1|.The mails with the above dates reached Dover on Morte as President, Henry Grinnell, Archibalddisturbance beingover, theprocess'of consolida- BarondeBremner,whowastoactasrepresentativeclosedsteadilyat&i@94jformoney,and94ft©9«for account.ThedemandforMoneycontinuedactive,anaintheopenmar-ket no transactions were taking place below the Bank minimum.A new Brazilian^ ^ cent loan for £1,873,000, to be Issued at coast from Martha's Vineyard to Portland. The coasttionisaboutto follow. Venetia has,indeed,evoke the principle of nationality from its grave, been left in bondage; and we must all feel sorry for Athens. .coast ofNew-Jerseyiswell known. Hequoted Hitohcock as the authority for the submergence of theand destroy fee combinations of Legitimacy by call- ing Hungary to arms. He has wisely made friends with the English nation; the commercial treaty •was really a sop'thrown to England, and she will »ow not repeat the policy 0/ the younger Pitt. H e r -«»tral2tyJSsecuredlof Austria a t Turin, had returned to his former,post a t that beautiful city and that lively race. But there is The Paris correspondent of The London Post tele-development of railway and other industrial undertakings.LivBXFOOL, March 21,1860. • vated, but that of the northern half, as well as that ofno hope for her at present; a n d . although placed b yevents beyond the Italian pale, she will contribute-not protett of Switzerland, on the question of the annexa- a little to the consummation of that unity in which she tion of Savoy, is without foundation.is not to share.. This Kingdom of Northern Italy hasyet its trials to go through before the States of whichitiscomposedshallhave lostallmunicipal feelingsofrivalry and independence. It may yet be not withoutMR. ELLIOT TO LORD J . RUSSELL.(Received March 13.)NAPLES. March 3. any quotable change in prices. The sales of the past three days ii peculiarly noticeable at the once famous Citvof,\ V-^^*^I?^^»Portam^ Wearehopingthat!Sffi J S I S R P W 0 wkick may disturb the peace ofSS£?E5?*^* P*conclusionasignalrevolution w^%s^vav^of^k ^^^^^^ZT^^K^lofCommons.Mr H bSartixbmles^oW,msJnder cotton. '•'< -•jj"• r"\ " f \ *<':'-:':Chronicle asserts that the statement that troops wereabsolute prohibition hitherto in force, will amount to about 10O per cent on the price of common rags, and.50 per cent on the price of the best quality.Thb provisions of the commercial treaty between France and England were in full operation, and t h e export of French goods to England on a large scale had already commenced. Commercialmen in France were said to be realizing daily the advantages of thetreaty..The Monittur publishes a list of persons who havebeen decorated with the legion of honor, for services rendered to.ihe army in Italy. jT_he Paris Flour market was dull and drooping, and, in order to effect sales, holders had made a reduction ofof Algesiras. from which we subjoin the following ex- tracts from the account of the said action:The ParisRentes closed on the 20th a t 67.90. 'ITALY.a n dratherlower.It is not probable, nor is it, indeed, to be desired that the Government of the T w o Sicilies should bontinue for a n y long time to form a marked contrast to the Government of Northern and Central Italy.It is, therefore, the obvious interest of the King of the Two Sicilies to endeavor to gain the affections of his people by attention to their welfare, and by re- specting the principles of law and ofjustice in his treat- ment of suspected person?.I am, itc.The following important extract from a letter byLord John Russell explains the policy of Great Britainin its bearing upon Naples:LORD J . RUSSELL TO M B . ELLIOT.FOREIGN-OFFICE, Jan. 16,1860.It may be as well to explain still further to Prince Satriano, and through him to the King, the policy ofSignor Parint- arrived a t Turin on Sunday, the 18th, and was forthwith presented to the King. Signor Farini said: " I have the honor to place in the hands of your Majesty the legal documents containing the re- turns of the universal suffrage of the people of Emi- lia. M a y your Majesty deign t o receive them with favor as a token of gratitude and confidence."J .RUSSELL.The Master of the Rolls will give judgment on Sat- urday in the case of Stanton agt. The Carron. Compa- ny. The directors of the Great Western railway of Canada recommend a dividend at the rate of 2per centner annum, for the half year ending January 31.The Herald says the present demand for money is causing bankers and brokers to increase their reserves. Long dated bills a r e not now so freely taken, except at an advance upon former terms—for short accept- ances the rate is 4per cent. The joint-etook banks not making loans to the brokers under 3£ to 3f per cent.The Herald says that yesterday, the intended visit of the Prince of Wales to Canada, and the expectation that he will make a tour through the United States, exercised a n influence on most of the Canadian secu- rities. •rA deputation from Salford h a d a n interview with Lord John Russell yesterday, to ask for asecoad mem- ber of Parliament for Salford.The Herald continues its advice to Lord John Rus- sell to withdraw the Reform.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.By Telegraph to Queenstown*LONDON, March 22.—The Daily News (city article) says our stock marketsto-day were subjected to aslight check, speculators taking advantage of the universal distrust of the grasping polic j of the French Emperor,to bring about a reduction of \ per cent Consols. T h e same feeling of distrust prevails in financial and com- mercial circles in France, as the languor of the Bourse and the falling off in the discount business of the French Banktendtoshow.Tnestockmarketshere,however, are by no means weak in character, and prices strongly resist the downward tendency. This is especially the case with British Railway stock. Business at bank continues brisk; the terms i n the open market being 4 to 4 | per cent for the bestbills; good six monthVpaper ia placed at 4$ to 5 per cent. No bullion waswrth- drawn from bank to-day; £57,000 by the Essex had been taken for export. All the recent supplies of gold are now exhausted, but more is shortly expeeted.From Th* Time* City Article.The Funds opened this morning with slightly firmer tone, but again became dull in the afternoon. Demand for Money m the Discount market and at the Bank continues active, the revenue payments to- the-Bank absorbing heavy amounts, which cannot be brought back to the market excepfr in the shape of advances lromtnai estaUieiuaont. Theloanson biHsand for securities have this quarter been larger than usual," the Papal Government." Imitating the promptitude tered conditions, the vote already expressed by the cers."of his great confederate, the King of Sardinia has National Assemblies of Emilia. This' manifestation * Between 14 and 16 battalion* remained to garrison the re- the British Governments ,probably already put his troops in motion to take pos- eeeeion of his new province. There is always great virtue in poesession, but at this crisis an accomplished fact is especially strong i n i t s inertness. W h o shallcompletes the proofs of the order, perseverance, pat- riotism, and wisdom, b y which those people have merited universal sympathy and esteem. I accept their solemn vote, and henceforth will be proud to call themdoubts in the Serallo.Your language to his Excellency on this subject ia entirely approved by her Majesty's Government. W e wish wellto the Neapolitarf dynasty. W e have no desire to interfere with the internal Government of Naples and S cily. But we cannot blind ourselves to eome obvious truths. I t is evident that the commonestnow move a Sardinian garrison out of Bologna ? my people. In uniting to my ancient Provinces not»Letters from Naples speak of continued agitation andWhat voice will be strong enough to call to arms the iaded and exhausted States whose zeal for the priest- hood has already w,ell nigh eaten them up ? Rumors are passing from mouth to mouth how the zealots and the bigots and the^perverts, and h o w others who are neither zealous nor perverted, but who are ODly curious in rire ceremonials, are packing up for a journey to Rome, in the hope of seeing the unwonted forms of an excommunication of a Sovereign Prince. Victor Emanuel mutt have calculated the ,effect of such a iulmination before he ailrooted it, and must haveonly the States of Modena and Parmaj but also theRomagna, which has' already separated itself from the popular manifestations on the frontiers. The Embas- rules of justice are not observed by the King of 'Na- Papal Government, I do not intend to fail in my deep eadors of the Western Powers had given advice to the ples toward his subjects; that the exasperation caused devotednees to the Chief of the Church. I am ready King. The Austrian Government had disapproved of by oppression is the parent of plots, assassinations,The official Gazette publishes a royal decree, annex- convinced himself that among his own Italian subjects ing the province of Amilia to Sardinia.it would be but a byword and a jest. Tne faithfulAnother royal decree convokes the Electoral Assem- blies of the Amilian provinces for the 25th March, and another decree appoints 15 new Senators.in o.oyir>ff an excommunicated Sovereign, are transfer- redtoanEmperorwhois,happily,inthebosomoftheNothingdecisivehadtakenplacerelativetothean- Church; 1 but as to the .people of Lombardy, Modena, nexation of Tuecany to Piedmont. The Tuscan Assem-Parma, aud the Romagna, any public act wnich may mark the hostility between their new Sovereign and their ancient tyrant, or the ally of their ancient tyrant, will be to them a claim to their confidence and affec- tion. Moreover, these imprecations would have an unexpected acknowledgment if the same curses which should expel Viccor Emanuel from the pale of the Church should also scare the French army from the -GU^of JBkm^. . . I t is clear that Victor Emanuel h a s ascertained either caat tftgpo ttuoido*Wiu -will not fall, or else that he can afford to despise them.would ruin the country as thoroughly as it has Father when, looking round upon his new Austrian mating that hencefoith all relations between his Holi- any conspiracy can fall. . nessandtheRoyalfamilymustbeconsideredasbroken• ruined Austria. Tuscany will retain her Leopold- levies, he comes to the conclusion that they are not off. Tbat his Majesty will understand that he has ine laws drawn up according t o the principles a n d numerous enough to chastise his affectionate but rather openly violated the laws of the Church, and ia formallyTHE STATE O F EUKOPE. -._ vJRpo» Oar Ow» Correspondent.jjjjty ' LosBON, Tuesday, M*rch 20,1860.a t e '*22tarfBin Italy march quick? v Victor Emanuelf -'kaaacceptedthecroWMofParxa<vndModena*and esven of the Romagna, though be proclaims the •Btmost respect for the sovereignty of the Pape, a n d a wiflmgneas to pay him a tribute. Within a fewbly had dissolved.The Paris Patrie states that 50,000 men were aboutto be levied in Tuscany, and 25,000 in the Amilian provinces, thereby increasing the Sardinian army to nearly 300,000 men.It was asserted that Piedmont'would contract a loan of 150,000,000 francs.The Director of the Public Debt of Rome had gone to BrnsselB^.to contract a loan of 10,000,000 francs.Mr Lonn: A short time ago I forwarded to your gained, and the Government might even obtain a repu- lordship a copy of a circular trom tho Minister of Po- tation for justice and honesty. But the course atHowever, Messaroni himself could not. pocket a booty with more politeness than does Victor Emanuel still Cavoux ia too shrewd a statesman not to see accept the Romagsa. The expression of Sardinia's feat the centralizing system is unfit for Italy, and u deep devotion" must be very gratifying to the HolyThe Government o^Rojoo^a^a^^msi/.ed the impor- Mediterranean, ''-"yjryi *WrlPpiiliP^simple grounuB ror snapicion..The Government hav© now uhown themselves deter-mined to go a step further, and yesteraujr ~.*»OMJ*.A +nprefent pnreued can only lead to destruction.'Ten will speak to Prince Satriano in the Bense .of this dispatch, and also to M. Carafa if he should raisethe question with you.HAJNOVJ2K.»•' day* he win accept likewise the erown of Tuscany;Prince Torella received aletterdesiringhimtoat- tend at the Prefecture, of the Police, which he did, component parts of the Upper Italian realm w in . smack of real flavor. The King promises " to con- give the character of a National celebration (to the nothing doubting, and was there told to consider him-them aii. Thus the peculiarities of th e different j in this speech, which we print eleewhere, that have a Bologna and Florence have agreed to illuminate and•The Cortes had authorized the free exportation ofwheat and barley until the 30th of June.The Portuguese Minister of Marine is dead.EUSSIA.••remain unchanged, while their united strength toward the common enemy will not be impaired. The question is now whether the Pope will give h is assent to the annexation by accepting the tribute offered by Victor Emanuel, though protesting loudlyagainstthespoliationofthepatrimonyofSt. Peter, -or whether he will hurl the anathema msrasatha against the audacious King and his Min- isters. Ifhechoosesthe latter, wemaybe sure% feat Austria is backing him, and that we shall have war, first the army of the Pope and of the King of Naples attacking the Sardinian garrisons of the i£o- magna, and then an Austrian invasion, followed bya French war. The very- unwise annexation of Savoy and Nice, which you may now take for accom-" tribute to the splendor of the Papal Court. Now, as event. self under arrest, and to have his preparations madelice, dtrecting the Intendants to arrest, without hesita- tation cf -wheat and fmhrjjfeH|iePjWfttmcftl porta in tbo u*n, the persons against whom there might be evenThe Paris Co7v^vLi6w&&^'&&adareeted a monitory to King victor Emanuel, inti-Victor Emanuel cannot be so cruel or so lost to all carefor bis own personal convenience as to propose appear-ing at the Papal Court, and discharging this promise ofcontributing to its splendor by his own personal iclat, would retire to Civita Vecchia if the Pope excommani-. leave of a very aged mother'; but this indulgence was he mutt mean that he will contribute in money. Ho cated Victor Emanuel.mutt proposetohimself,notonlytoacknowledgethe Anotherreport from Viennais,thattheNeapolitan titular suzerainty of Pio Nono, but also to pay himan troops will at once enter the Papal States if tne Sar-regardtothecrimeimputedtohim.The arrest, however, of the Prince, and the univer-sal conviction that no justification could be given for it,produced sogreat aneffectuponallclasses,that the eame night he was set at liberty and allowed to re- turn home.; We are now told that it was all a£nistake 1nis brother, the Marquis Bella, eluded the pursuit of the pob'ce, but it has been conveyed to him that hemust leave the country.Prince Camporealelikewieesucceeded in hiding him- were all closed, and an income tax and a state paper Manchester, viz: Buying the cotton at their ownself, but he lias since been allowed to return home; currency announced. The income tax Will be 2 per doors, saving the freight from Europe of the manu-annual tribute. If such should be the intention of this verydeterminedmarauder,thePopemightdomanya worse thing than forego his very problematical expe-dient of excommunication, and accept the position offered him. The homage is, indeed, not a very sub- stantial matter, but perhaps it may go for something with St. Peter; the money, however, is a very serious advantage; and,.although we have every admiration for that Jervid zeal which has enabled Dr. Cullen to collect frcm the Irish people for the service of the Popenearlyasmuchmoneyastheypayweeklyfor traveling along some six miles of railway, yet, upon the whole, a regular et'pend paid annually from'theTreasury at Turin or Bologna will be a much safer in-come to count upon than ail the Peter's pence that can direct to Paris. The Austrian note says that since thereqheet be soon released from bis duties as Mmisterfor ForeignAffairs. BarondeBudberg,RussianMinister at Berlin, was spoken of as his successor.INDIA.Rifle Brigade.THE NEWINDIANTARIFF.—The Timesremarksonthe anomaly of imposing a duty of 10 percent on the importation of twist and yarn into India at the moment when the last vestige of the protective system' has been abolished in this country. The result is to • confer a bounty on native productions. There will bethe Pope hadA telegram from Hamburg announces that HanoverbytheadviceofthecelebratedBeccaria. Fiorenc- predatoryson.When,theKingdeclaresthatheis exconmunicated. TheHolyFatherreservestohim- theywerenumeroushithemiddleandlowerclasses, hadproposedanindemnityasthebasisofnegotiations thesumthatwouldotherwisebecomeavailablefromready to defend the independence of the Supreme Min- self the duty of taking into consideration the interests but among my own friends or acquaintances, and. be- in the Universal Conferences concerning the redemp- the approaching dividends.T*21 have a Viceregal Court; and even the pecuiii ister of Religion he must inspiregreat confidence in the of the Universal Church and the good Catholics of longing to the highest families, I can countfiveWho tion of the Stade Dues. England had refused to agree Corn averages week ending March 17: Wheat, traditions and institutions of Lombardy and of th College of Cardinals, and when he promises to pay Piedmont before proceeding to severer measures, have either been actually arrested, or else have found to the amount proposed, but negotiations were being 11,008 quarters at 45/2; Barley, 44,392 quarters, 36/5;Hornsgna are to be respected. The bond of uaioatoberepresentedbythe King,theParliament,the .Ministry, and the Army, which will be common thomage to the Sovereignty of the Pope he is probably aswelcomeasagang ofhousebreakers whoshould ransack your cellars and drink your health in the con-which, in any event, weigh from henceforth upon the pereonoftheKing.safety in concealment: these are—the Prince Torella, the Marquis de Bella (brother toPrinceTorella), Prince Camporeale, Duke Proto, Marquis Vulcano.continued.Oats, 13.374 quarters, 23/1; Rye, 63quarters, 34/10; Beans,6,276quarters,39/7;Peas,1,300quarters,57/7.» ' - MISCELLANEOUS.News has been received of the death of the Shah of Persia.A Petersburg dispatch states that appearances are not in favor ot an early opening of navigation. A small .quantity of tea from Japan is daily expected to arrive.The quality is described as very common.Gen. Sir G. Browne, the commander of the forces inIreland,hasselectedashisAidesdeCampC*pt.W,Le Nord says, the moment the Pope's bull is ful- tentsofyourbestbins. Buttherearesomefew wards miiiated,the citiesof Milan,Genoa, Leghorn, Turin.POKTUGAL.A great manifestation took place a t the Vatican on for leaving the kingdom the following' morning. H e the 16tb, in favor of the Pope. made no resistance, but asked leave to be allowed toIt was said at Vienna that the French troops at Rome return home to make his preparations, and to take refused him, nor could he obtain any information withdinians take possession of the Romagna. 'AUSTRIA.It is stated that the French Embassador had informed the Austrian Government of the approaching evalua- tion of Lombardy by French troops; and in the name of his Government expressed a wishthat, after the de- palture of the French troops, Austria, in accordance withtheprinciplescontainedinCountRochberg'sdis patch of Feb. '7", would continue to observe non-inter- vention in the affairs of Italy.»the' MM. Vacca, D e Simone, and two De Philippe, has made too many sacrifices for the maintenance of summarily ordered into exile. Of the two last-namedLettersfromHungaryreportpopulardemonstrations tioushandbillhadbeenpostedup.at Pcpth and at other places in commemoration of the Whatever evidence may be sufficient to satisfy the revolution of 15th March_ 1848. Government of the existence of plots or conspiraces,itA Vienna dispatch of the 19th announces that Aus- is certain that the proofs are not such as would beartria, considering the annexation of the Central Italian the light; but the denunciations of spies are receivedpees per maund of 82 pounds. cent on shirting, and the system therefore takes an im-interview at Villafranca, the Emperor Francis JosephThe License bill had been modified and the scale re- portant range.^ duced. • .graphs that the report that Austria had joined in theSPAIN arid'MOROCCO.MY LORTJ : I took the earliest opportunity of seeing M. Carafa to inquire the cause of the arrests mentioned inmydispatchofyesterday'sdate,andtoaskwhether the country was in So eminently critical a state as toLouisbourg, now mainly under water. Newfoundland,, he says, is rising, as is, also, Southern Labrador, while* NorthernLabradorissinking.conscience the reflection that I had not done all in my power to save a n inexperienced sovereign from im - pending ruin.." On the 10th inst. the inhabitants of one of thesmall villages in the immediate vicinity of Tetuan pe-titioned the Commander-in-Chief to afford them pro-tection against the robberies and depredations of cer-tain Kabyles who Were prowling about that neighbor-hood. The Duke of Tetuan dispatched Gen. Echangeat the head of his division to render the assistance re-quired, and these troops arrived in time to meet theenemy and repulse him after a slight skirmish, duringwhich the Spaniards had a few wounded and the taken by you, as reported in your dispatch of the 3d of Moors many killed. ".arrest men upon whom no suspicion of taking part inOf the number of persons arrested I can give your lordship n o accurate information, . though I am toldgentlemen, one is a lawyer, and the other an employ^ of the Government, and both leave behind them fam- ilies depending entirely upon them for their means of subsistence, a n d who" will now be feft penniless a n dpeace to be able to recommence a struggle which wouldsoon become a European war: but, although keepinga merely observant attitude, Austria believes, never-theless, she must draw the attention of France to thesecretintriguesofSardinianagentsinVenetia,aswell dependentuponcharity.as to the continued provocation of the Piedmontese During the afternoon and night of ye^jerday the 1,000 persons were murdered. Ministry; and she repeats, most distinctly, that theEmperorFrancisJosephwouldnothesitatetomake the greatest sacrifices in defense of his rights over Ve- netia.tiato the last, but, if Sardinia will only leaveher alone, she will be content. The process of of official relatione with the Court of Turin. The Tuesday of the steps I have taken with the hitherto the 20th, however, there WMa rather better feeling, and Consols from New-Jersey to Labrador. The depression in thedoing in Ccffep. Rosin steady; sales at 4/4®4/5 forlow to good common. Spirits of, Turpentine quiet at 35/6@35/9 *>" cwt. «LONDONMARKETS.—BREADSTUFFSfirmer,andgoodA Madrid telegram asserts that Generals Prim, Rios, I said that, of course, if the Government had theand Zabala; had been raised to the dignity of Grandees proof which he said they possessed of a conspiracy to WgSer. SUGARS firm at last week's prices: COWKK firm? and between the aneroid and the merwirial barometers.envoy to Marshal O'Donnell, declaring that he wouldtranquillity with which the day had passed as conclu- prosecutethewartotheverylast. siveevidenceinfavorofthecourseadopted.possibilityofdeterminingthe«omparativedensityor tnslish. Wheat 1/ $> qr.f dearer: Foreign Wheat also rather different portions of the earth by noting the differenoewa aiee, and amaouaced that he had just receiyeda habited by discontented subjects of the Pope. Some of Spain of the first class. ; violate the lawi they could not,be blamed for arresting obanged in value. Rros inactive but very firm. SALTPSTUR in The log-books of the Brazilian Navy for the last 25>- J ^ S ^ S ^ ^ J S ^ ? * ^ *« * ***« daily te-State. Lord John Russell writes freely to the doomedFrom Th* Gibraltar ChronuU. -EUs Loriship fees, fee Reform bilLmored fee seeoad reading;ofand insurrections," convincing evidence of which is numbers, and well sheltered by the rocks, on the road they bad proofs sufficient to satisfy themselves of the •verydayforcedupontheknowledgeofouragentsand fromTetuan,leadingtoTangier. Thefightcontinued gujltofthepersonsarrested,theevidencewasnotsuchfor seven hours, when the Spaniards remained masters attempting to mitigate the ferocity of this of the positions, which were taken at the point of the/.: -©nenly predicted by Embassadors and Mimstws of*1•^ ^ S ^ ^ S ^8 ^ ^ ^ offee-HouseJnta state. xx>xaoormxtuwexjw««B «--- ^ -w —f E ^ W r S ^ v ^ w ^ ^ * ^ waapreparedtp fully explain -yom>K KinK, that " the exasperation cauwd by oppres- . W e learn that on Sunday, the 11th, the SpanishvLATEST HEWk ., • ' • " ' " ' » .' ' , . i (Renter's Tele«nun.]gEPUTAtlON pEOM 8AVOY.aidn is fee parent of plots, assassinations, conspiracies, troops were attacked by the Moors—who were in great was the decision of the Government; for that although i///-! .•:•;£*&••'•.Consuls. England, France, and even Spam are yainlvpetty Neapolitan despot; not so- much, perhaps, •bayonet.-'-- • '•'••: •'•' I .":-.;,;, , ... , v ,; ,to The Mobile Tribune -'As the extract herewith of a letter this day received:To my regret, however, M. Carafa replied that suchvM. Carafa premised t o convey m y request King, but I have not yet received an answer.to theLORD J. RUSSEL TO MR. ELLIOT. FOREIGN-OFFICE, March 19,1860.It wasexpectedthatPrinck Gorchakoff,whohadfor some time past been seriously ill, would at his own Biackett and Capt. F . Kingscole, both offieers in the. •Bombay telegrams to Feb. 25 report that the leans a treble advantage enjoyed by India in competing withHemp, jute, hides, wool, flax, tea and coffee aro to be duty free. Twenty per cent duties are to be lowered to10percent.GEOGRAPHICALSOCIETY.themorningofthe21st,toolatefortheKangaroo.Ruesell,andJosephP.Thompson, asVice-Presidents, and a large number of secretaries and committees. A long correspondence was read previous to this an- nouncement, The correspondence was fall of compli- LONDON MONEY MARKET.—The Stock Exchange mentary allusions to a great many gentlemen.' Mr. ABRAHAM GESNER then presented a diagram, on which was roughly displayed his notions in regard to the formercoastlineoftheEasterncoastofNorthAmericaing to the complications arising out of the Savor question, andvainhopeofinduoingtheGovernmenttopauseina coursewhich,ifpersistedin,mustfinallyleadtothe destruction of the King and of his dynasty.I have, Itc., HENRY ELLIOT. 80 ^ cent, had been announced. The money is intended for the of the southern half of New-Brunswick has been ele-there as a monument and a warning. These are not wounded. The Moors who took part in the action M. Carafa repeated, as he has so often done before, $>cental has been established; Bed Western, 9/10®10/3; South- Novara, a report of which will soon be published.In the House of Lords, on the 19th March, Lord reflections satisfactory to Venice, but they embody the numbered 15,000, and the action lasted seven hoars.«xn, 10/2®10/7; White, 10/6-S>12/6. Corn continues very dall; Prussia has now a fleet of three vessels boundon&. Yriiow,32/8^88/3; American White,37/. * ecientific vovage to India, China; andJapan*''Theto be satisfied to enjoy it m peace. That this is the Tangier was expected to be attacked in a few days. demonstration which it would have been necessary to and lather easier. Tallow dull; Butchers' Association nominal of a thousand miles can only be accounted for on the-policy of Sardinia and the true interest of thoseThe whole of the Spanish fleet had left Gibraltar for suppress by force; and that to avoid bloodshed, the at 58/. , ; ' .Tetuan. preventive measures which I had alluded to had been PRODUCE.-—Ashes quiet h u t steady; Bmall sales of suppositdon that the ice composing it is graduaUyThe Emperor of Morocco is stated to have sent an taken; and his Excellency triumphantly pointed to the old Pots at 2P/6. 8ugars flat. Rice qniet putunaltojtd. Nothing formed on the southern edge,of,the polar sea. The-COTTON.—The market continues dull, but without Prince Edward's Island, has been-submerged. Thishave been 21.0(0 boleH, including about 6,000 on speculation and for export.AtJVfANCHESTERnochangeofmomenthasoccurred. The market is quiet, but producers generally are firm.A paper on the progress of Marine Geography, report a firmer and more cheerful tone. Flour is firmly held, mainly l>y Com. Maury, was then read by Secretarybutiislow of tale at 23/®29/. Wheat-^Not much doing, but FISKE. It mentions the voyage of the Austrian fHgate- holders demand full prices, and in retail sales an advanoe of Id.,solved to accept as conclusive the denunciations of The deputation preeented the address. The Emperbr from Galveston, Texas, dated 23d inst., may be inter-ihatamianlikePrinceTorellawouldbe'"a-'leaderina ^ seditious but childish demonstration, and he a t once re- plied that he did not believe it, and that the Prince'sgreater, liad almost'"^^ M« }K ;theadquarfcTsat the Spanish army, that theEmperor ofMorocco had sent an Envoy to Marshal O'Donnell derdaringthat hewould prosecute thewartotheyery arresthadbeenan *'error" whichwasspeedilyrem- believed,would notbe contraryto thewishesofSa- last-ediedUntitled DocumentI P ^ S K ^ nvoy } hut «• it was kaown, that the population refused The costof ehwiita*, $6 P«*W*J&*d*ti#* .**>« « 2»W mAmes** ot cottos kit, 2,538 lbs., weald cott..«tile, per » •^lPW^&2J%S*£klI <Band the payments of these will considerably diminish, At a late hour the Society adjourned. SANDYCOTTON.—A merchantla.Mobilewritesthus-esting, to many of your readers iu the mty and coun- try,Iventuretobegitsinsertioninyourjgaper.^3a»«»«st**8w^^TI Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;www.fultonhistory.comJMMlftlUl mmmm mmmm