 W*M — ••'••••»• 'nmsipwiir;' •l!»T^fi|(f>P^J!|i|J!PipP!!<I'UfflWHOLE NO. 8856mm% c i u i m TO TIE CITY. Two of the lata Pipes of theCrotoii Aoneduct BTQJXOIL *«P*^^^^*^W^I>W^»^'»/S»^»>%»%»''«#»w''i>^.Tie Ceitim! u . Lower Putif the CityWttkttt WUff.CIHE OF TIB DISASTER.m0tt**^&*m0*^**0*&i0m0m"W*0+i+It* Itto, l b Teiait tout, i i i Puk.l*^WW*^W^i%^'V«iW'W^ W'«i<WW'WW'W W<»W«|ISsWai111 tte Ftcurks Mfw by Sinai stopped W#r..m*t+*^***^***>^*1S***l*****+****i***~*^8CE8E3 JLR3UHD T H E OLD PUMPS.Jl.M»»rfWllt^l|^llM»aMWMl«IW^^.-'^^ARRANfftMEN.8 W PUTOUTFfHES. yiAAA^M •W'»^W'«^'V»^^<^MMORNINGEDITION-FRIDAY, DECPRICEttr. Wrraoas said that toe sabjest had now came befere too Chamber tor ttto aaarto Mesa, sal, therefore,BBBB 11 Watts' aAstarBttsrBhSisvw Than 1as awnBint aaaasbasaraat raa*Ike lathe Police Force and K v e De- keeper for it, to try the effects of hto request, when tha partmentonDoty. retailerofbierdamacded"Mncents.» "What?teaoeoU for a glass of water? Toa only charge six aaate tor btor." OEAT EYtlfEMENT AT THE£FFIRWE IN MAIDEN LANE "Tee,•' aald be, "iwooid sooner set! you agtossof btorat toe pump to City Hall place.THB CBOTOs WATIB BOARD KOflCS.Thafoltowingnoticewas issued bythe Crotoa Water Board yesterday morning, and was placed oontpieuousty ta all public places —EAGLE HOOE A N D LADBER 0 0 ., MO. fi.Tn consequence of toe ecsreity of water in Um oity th e membersofthiscomoanyareherebynotified toattend all Urea in the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh and Eighth Districts,until further notice J. J. BORRAS, Foreman. Wa. F . PIXVB SecretaryTbe larger•sheaf. only sets Erg!1 firtt employed shortly gave place to others, powerful; a a d , aided by sub»idr after eresaoaenabledtodefycompetition,act 1 oarrying of the maita and of first class pMsento she trassportattoo of toe rich fabrics of " Europe—all toa costly «d from sailing vessel* llnref the voyage, aad by the Oass firmly established upon Mbeenenlarged coaotries; to UMWest la- ooasteofBoothAmori-*,; Keltic seas; through the andtoeRedBoa;to~ " * • • as* i inTIBW.I WLBWDIDCOBTDUCTOFBRDOKLYJ,a oct so great, ror this pitcher fall I paid twenty five tag or toe mala water pipes oa Fifth avenue, the watersupply is much rerfuoed Persona residing ta UM central atato," Batherdearforwater,tote,ina largecity,al- perisoftoeoitycanobtainwaterfromUMbydraatatamostasbadasonboardUMereatSistern. Meawereto Thirdaveaue,downastowasFourteenth street,aadto oetrenroingabouttheoityWIUIbarrelsofwater,selling Eighth ftveaoo, aslowasForty-secondstreet,andinNinth avenoe, irom rortyaeonnd street to Fourteenth itattenoeatopergallon,end eagerlyItwasboughtup street ThehydrantswillbeopenedbyUMwaterpolice- STORES. TOTHBBDITOBOFmTheCrotoabavins stopped entirely,letereryperson tee that fires are reduced early (or pot entirely oat would bebetter.) 2eepaporter10ovarystoreorbankingby the'higher ratentef tbeNorthAf*HBRALDNawYoax.Dec«,IsaO. and extendedFillWISlinNDND.t w l ^ t t i l l i m i m f t i w i l aappry of water. It Mrtrertable that the verso of ft good end constant sup- BtyeftaaetoaMnttanottettaatil w e are deprived oT it;tost time com* how great to ths outcryrealise fair pay. If act even • amount for their labor. Soma boysAgeged yesterday mornieg to shovelling too snow to the City Hall Park Into a pail for the purpose^ melting It; »-Jtasthissoonceased,itistobesupposed theydidnotODE 8I8TEB CITY—SPLENDID CONDUCT OF BROOKLYN of tbe torrid soae sa tothe Central Committee avails ftselr of toe ooaastts to tender hat to their political ataoctatae here sad elsewhere its heartycongratulations apna the resort.The ispahllean party bad tu origin in a great oubltowhich demanded aad allotted Treat an its asem aaoawaverlogotoendeaneintbevirtue,intelligenceof tbe great body of toe people patriotism of tbe 1tbe struggle for the eeM>l«hmen 1of Ha withstorethanhalfoftheStatesof tbe eoa-toderssAssjdjti ths power of toe federal government arrayed against ItCon8dtaglathaJaatlasofitspriaetploa,aad latbepa- triotic coDtitefatoms white called it intoexistence, it has s ruggltd on sssSash years of cslamny and mtsrepreseou- tion, until it bee,by the power of truth sad raaaos. as- cored toe control of the aattaaal geveraaaeat tar too next four years; atrd, stttotttto control, toe practical re- cognition and enforoetosSt of 'Itiabated,sadwhtohIbU- expressioa la toe reethsjasae ofItae,Belicvtrg that these iand adopted by all wno aided^TOLinen In a a d Hannibal Hamlin;preeminent as their persoaal merits are coanacoedsed«r%2; be, oon'il not have been successful ta tbe late eaa^***- vastuponsayotherdeclarationof prtneiptea:.that these principles insure fidelity to all UM saaraa-tees of toe constitution, respect for toe reserved rightoof the Mates, among which is the right of each Bteto to control itsdomestic affairs ta its owa way, year Comelyeverusedit forsealtarypmfit* tost ttsy cannot entirely do without It, u d are Sod their labor paid so well as gettiag UM water from UMthataideofthe riverfrom obtaining ai maohwateraa destination byOrientalaadPeninsolarmailsteamers, and te published tor UM informa Ion of the parties con they wanted. The oaly regulation required was, for toe travellers, the mea of wealth and toe men of leisure—toostagedtobnvsitIBTscsetegiftoraotttdagetoft. Again,W T M i t c t toe-tr want of appreetaMoa of tta benefitstoftttoeywasteIt-every MM—oftteday. V they—port a "cold atap" they do aot Uke toe precentioa t»am off toe water from the aula, altar htvlng "oeaghi"pumporhydrant,althoughmuchfartheroff.8C1MHS ABOrjHD T D FTJOTPS—CITY PAKE.The pump to the neighborhood of ttto City Hall Park betag used tor watering tad horses of ttto Third avenue oars, the proprietors thought lit to keep tha handle Insideserved open owners o f auaafactarlag esUblishmenW. eerned:—Ctonoa AQoaocoT DftTxaraawr, Des 0,160O. To' OBsraxBsorCaorca?WATBRroaaUavraoruanrarVa-r>ass ABS Smmsu:—Y u are hereby notified to usei no water for the abovepa 1 oass until the further notice of this Board.TBOd STEPHENS, ) CrotoaTHOi B TAPHKN, VAquertoct A W . CRAVEN, J BjardApowerful lookingJllbernian,whenreadingthatatter Sottaspreviousto taking it 10bisemployer,saidtothe metseBger:—"How the d—1 can we ase what we haven'tpartywantingthewaterto make anapplicationtothe Water Commissioners s a d obtain ft permit to draw it fromUMhydrant Oarstatercity's conduc.tathismat tor is worthy of all arftise end oar deepest respect; for bad It not base tor her kindness to the* assisting as, •any vast establithstonto would have much more sen- outly suffered then they now do. Wo give the following ts another specimen of their kind sympathy with as, aadadesiretohelpusicourneed.thegreatestexcitementprevailedthroughout Brooklyn in reference to UMstoppage of UM New York water sapmerchant andtbetralesman allwhovalue timesad punctuality, tcek toe shores of Boglasd, ta going to or re torning from tb e various regions to which toe govern- mentofUmtcountry hessowiselyopened theway and at thai very day tbe American merchant, dependent upon the postal facilities afforded by his enterprieln? rival, opens hie correspondence, and studies out the wants of m st of the populous countries named, from two to three weekt after they have become known to his vi-gorous competitors on tbe other tide of the werer.amffleient quantity for, say • day's m , but resort wteeftxy method of allowing too water to "roa ftU their wooden watehhox; therefore ao use could be madeL" aeoasss, ft* Utey assert, "raaabnj wfttor t a m ftftd tots they do to lid—BI of ftU to*, u diof polimriqaaBto tnm theGrafts*Board to eoooo- ihe water ta allowed to raa for half aa bear at a tune to ''clean out the sink," because the ser-«<this pomp by any but UMcar drivers. The excuse tor sodologwas,thattherewas"aotasufficientsupplytotha welltorthewholecity,aadaatheir horses wealed what the well contained other people most go without." This may be all vary well; for persons "have a right to do what they like with their own;" hot other people did notUndertbepstreasgeofherBritannicMejesty'B governmeat, your memoriaiista have seen toe steamers of heriiterceitile marine so increased ta number ss topreservo unimpaired a mall lervice which, for aafety aadregularity, h*a excited the admiration of the world; whiteit baa spared for the emergencies of war meet of thetransports that were needed to earry a t invading m ayto toe Crimea; and shortly afterwards, with a rapidityunknownbefore,anotherarmytoIndia,whenIndiawasall to revolt With UM return of peace theee samevessels, so prompt to answer tbe demand of Great Britainand ber thy ta time of war, are found ready to resumetheir placesta the carr> tog trade of toe country, or infilling up new lines of communication toon ready to be mittee has no hesitation ia expressing UM opinion that opened.the reservoirs attain tta limits for tta dally aapplyThis coarse * oaaal every year: bei owing to toe Inorcetvd eonaowpttaa aad waate of the preeeat year, and aw otKMki which aba hoard have east to their arraage- BMoiatora preporttaaatc addlttoeal aapply, the qoaattty ofwaterBOWiaabareservoir ialeasthanitbaaorar beana UMooMBMaeiaaaBtofthoaaajaalrepaira.The paalie, ihiaitore, Mergeatlf nuMoaUd to avoid all BBaooaamry waste, and for UM preeeat to be aa eosewsai- eaJ !n ibe oee of eater for domesM aad other porposesT90IU9 SriPHKMS,) Crotoa TSOaUS 1 T*.P«N, Uqaedaot A W. CRAVSif, j Board.this iaapeetjoadidnot,however,takeplace,in aseaoe of Mr. Craeea toadtog, apoa vtattinc theBias, pannikins, dinner palls and tin bottles. The kettles and hellers were of brass, eoppor, iron and tta. Ia aor-roues NOTICES.During tha day the Twenty-third precinct gave notioeing ts about $1,100 The stoot ta tbe store No 101 Mai den lane, occupied by the Bay SMte Glass Company, was damaged sl'ghtly by water: felly insured. Much aoilatyteattheheadofwaterwas to lowtheretothatit hoaaaatoto that ofi ttto 100017 at the aqueduct taerefore deMrsaiaedtowaitaaaorafavorableopportn- sHj Toe caase af the water betog so lowFerry Company sotifled the Chief Engiaeer, Mr. Decker, toststeamwouldbokept upinalltheirboats,aadone kepi to reserve at each ferry, to be uted in case of fire.Inspector Carpenter was an duty all night to attendside they found that the fire was in Maiden lane, and not in Warren street, and that the New Yorkfiremenhadconqueredsodsubduedit Muchgra- tlfioatioa was expicased by the Brooklynites on witness- legthereturnofthetrfirecompanies ataoearlyhour,their pipes shoe, d ftsez*. Bet UM real oassa or THi STOppjtaiand fortheefflotastaidherenderedinrushingforwarda source of exultation and pride. Your memorialists are aware that other 1nes were formed to Bremen and Havre, ano toal under able mtnegement toe Utter still con tlnut s to run unaided, or receiving oaly ocean and Inland postage, while a few privsto steamers ftre enabled to keep the sea during the summer season.From this survey, so brief, yet ro unsatisfactory; from this contrast so unwillingly drawn between tbe far seeing wisdom of the British government and the abort aigbted nest of our o w n , your memoria ists gladly torn to the consideraUon of tto subject which is toe more immediate purposeofthisappeal. ,.„somewhere. Perbaas, before gotog further, tor the m- toraattqa of sbaso who hare act seen the Crotoa pipes, It any b* as wtil to steie that Uiey ard made of cast iron, are fttted into each other after UM joint aad aoofcet pria-to her, tome miscreaat wafted off with the girl's pail witboet either girl or policeman noticing htm. When tha Mas wat toaad out the tbtef was far assy, and the poor "bJae eyes" became dimmed for the ' loot of bat pall."walon they threw lime to purify It They said the old cry used to be "how are yon off for toap r" aow it hi "bow are y ?u off for water?" This water ooold only be used for making steam, and unlets they can elsewhere obtainmains te a critical situation The attending physicianis of the opinion that the wound wilt -prove fatal, bat says tha patient will probably linger exiling lines rf commuttoatlon.toe/o'ulthereforeitorsaore *ftOBM OTUk THktheir promises, hot as Is often the case when wanted, ttsad mandated the whole of UM asaatry. The Arsenal basameeUBtarraily-enderatood.TBI natr IN CBBBST BTBBETthenewspaperofficeshadtofetchalltheir waterfromBrooklyn or other parte Taa HERALD offlcehashtda damaging to hto ease, it is bat just to say ts needed.r, aad tha tow»*aeof the oasctrasttas of the CeatrU Park. Forts'it most hare been exteaaive a a lpreatated a (Baiter scene to the before menUoaed, ex- targe hogshead fixed ta their basement with a piss to tost Sands denies the charge preferred against To such a line toe silver of Mexto*, Chile ftftd Peru, mett, and fn.il,; Henr, E' Dav* asd toat^e^rs- him, sad feels sanguine, he sa«s, of being acquitted wbeato tttootpt thu. perhaps, the people might have been a trifle oKBteet it with the boiler. Two carts carrying twelto the ease comes op for trial. None or the stolen watches which reaches Chins through a tang and expensive route, Bon J. H. Ketohsm and family, W. H Tmrr aad to-"pretty iosat across the street to a "neighboring eBto" to borrow aplt«herofocfree,MUMybadaowatertonMkeanywitoremarkablewhen oa any, an I it is emptiel Jit mightihorea the most oosUy meronandlse, degraded to tbeasr of tbe emigrant, te the earrylat of eesl, crockery boa and the bulkay products of our owa sell.Thelose to oor sailing packeM of the veinable trete o whtoh tbey were ooee toe unrivalled possessors Is trace able primarily to the introduction, under the fotteriag ears of the government of Great Britain, of a line ofMBJBjBTS frost the port of Liverpool to Boston, via Halltwenty years ago Indeed, with the first ap-worth £8 OOO, or $46 000 oast from Brftsu to!to another Instance s StStsatr coovoyed M Bat $800 a bead, between tta two eesaftrtaB tteaaa- tinned, thawing that the British go»srsaMst tapn iilalid the eoBtraet system, b y paying £78,000 o r $390,000, a year to tbe Galway Hue, though the Oeaard Itae, wbteb to also heavily substmxed. hi running s a assrty toesaaao route. The extern of ear imparls frost Brasil sstoeato to•» 000OOOor$34060000annually, whileear exwts to that oountrv oaly amount to half ft million of doMars;onttl their carman returned.•tato of astotrs—aa aaxtoas caetomer ofttttag tor " aad cakes" aad perhaps dmled that bleasing to sequence of toe Gretoft giving o a t Oar ristted the bar of a lager bier salooa, •boat to toko a "drink of water" from athe ooanter, whaa Ion it wai empty. B e"dirty noon it was all.Ibis oerteinly was a badtBetr water. * to getU p BqacrTUdrtoktof bydrentt UMtook place yettorda, Edward K. Albertua, Chariot HCorlles sad Henry L. members of ttto Chamber.to gotog to ho see of MMbaawet that over oc- already e a *keptta thattor I airty, b a t whatdo tortathat? •are," »ad by to whu» thaCrotoa was raaatof stowty,MB CBOTON WATER.lata 1of ttto seedy. , «r ,mmmt BOB B, OBtOp OfHberatery tamed tta) water on »nd off as each pall wai Had, At these particular spot no barrels were allowed to be Oiled, end thus oaly the residentt et UM netghberboods were able to teas) Bat water.at > beee places took the matter vary coolly, merely r e ta keep to Baa, switaeat labor, there w a s bat little ixntoawat to that at theeriheyoould to)of tdyintsge.BOBSB I B A BASEMENT,One of the tissiBiiaUt la toe "Five Points," byAfter the transaction of tome farther business of MA.tlelmportoiee.tbereporv of UM special committees,)curred,into a law, and tore*been sMde;beocelt woald be watl to have tae subject before degrees this aeMtea aad ae saoa as poasiete. Ws are depsadtaf on toretga ssretot sad toretaa©oar. tesy for ear mail eammuaieaUoB with toe Paetse aad toe great onattasat of Asia, which gives Britain—toe e -m- meretalrivaloftoeoouatry—asapertarttvta<At the Ore test avaalsg ta eltement prevailed tor fear tl Mined to pot H out, aad SB drag store, tha ovetresttoa of evltable. The two largest main supply tttroogh t h a bydraato s soaioely enoagh to afsBmtttoassThe arrangements of ttto FireDepi that In a short time a heavy stream of frosttheriver by meantoftato the band esgteafi, sad so ea from till tt reached the Bra. Two orweie thus formed. What would havebad the fire beta more central it is impossible ft say, for the dtotanes to toe river would have beenunattainable. »The foUowtag notices wore issued last eveningthat tttoowner bad to shut sad bar fata to keep oat toe Enure Basms OBBVASV—Members most be read!crowd. Doubtlessforcewouldhave toopen everyalarmoffiresaatlfarthernotioe. ToeJ.G.S-orm tionwiththiscountry,wblehhasneverfattedattheanp thirdofwhatwsdofromBraxH—eeaaattyexportstnir-the door, bad not the news arrlred of the water to be bad has steam oa ready tor doty. By o*derJ. T . WaTKINd, Jr , Secretary.port necessary to tta fall etUbliahment and ' extaMen or fourteen militant worth ta that country All this nwftttrtootad to her policy ta sabstdtatag steamers to BrsBit.FMDBRKTJ A. Cosxxaaa opposed the principle of sobsl- dlzlBgprivateenterprise,andinstancedtoefailureoftoo Collins lias as a reason why sash a policy should aot b eOUter members of toe Chamber followed onbothsides of the question, aad toe motion to postpone UMtn'dect was at leagtb lost The mottoo to adopt toe report of toe committee and forward it to Ooognss than prevailed, aad tbeChambersoonalterwardaadjournedAddress ofRepublican State Committee, TO THE KBrrBXICANS O r TBS STATS OF NSW YOBt. TheElectoralCollageoftheeaalehavtag,taobedteaoefor six oeeU Umn that eater for Mn. The wholesale ooet Caoros WATM*—N'oncx—In eonaeqoence of the break- CBOTON 8T0PPED—MERCHANTS, LOOK TO TODS m«bymaa*. If some of the unemployed will this day take for this 1utpoaa The utmost economy will 00 neoeasary, Dutldlng oa watch l e t toe insurance patrol order every the principal ports tathe Indian Uoaan to to toe popular will, and la aeoordaaca witn the requirea ooupie of palia in thetr hands and oarry water from theto intare even a limited supply tor domestic purposes. Dorisg this period the supply for shipping, manafacto- net, 60., wUI, of aeeeaiity. he cot off entirely.TH09. BTCPHCNi, President,A. W. CRAVEN. Chief Engineer, TH03. B. TAPPEN, Ata't Oommiaa'r,Crotou Aqueduct Board. Ctocos AQYISVCTDti'iRTxmaT, Dec 0, I860.The following notice from tha department has beenman oa doty, and tha police put every maa oa duty that can be tpered tn tha lower part of UM city, aad save millions of property Bom a destructive oonflarrationINSURANCE 8ECRETART.Singapore, sad along toe tbe Beat and to Australia tlsued through ah seasons a classofseaman inuredasto tbetsMtodsof carried aad eonreariagmenu of tbe federal ooastttatloa aad of toe laws aad forma ot tbe State, east tts thirty five votes tor Abraham LlnoniB sad Hanatbai Hamlin for the offices of Prostdeel aad Vice President of the United States, ths Republicanbyeraato or ptrmys to the hooesB to the aaaar part of tha a groteeoretteeaant yesterday ta this city, city, they will dmbUeai Bad food asaptoyoMattag hto aaas ai if it bad bean bitten.vaatfir*aretooauytolakeUMdirttherefrom.Far- boyrushedin,pantingandoatorbreath,withthefollowteesatomthese waaMaa «r«Upaidfordoingaotbiag -"hsUst"BetUM;theyhaveto"trot 06?'toUMatraat stma or byd>a»ta tor ewery drop of water they ass toay a a aa mats aarafal, aad toko warning aot to waatotoauaa they have ptesty. Too tossse they hadday, aad pwhops wtll tor a week receive, may ha dhaaaafdedaoaoaaaaftfallsepplyhioaoa>aaoragranted MineettyhaditaraaJlyaieiaaaryUMtII •aaadtohareahabecenuofwateratallam hue ton* tor thntBtilv that tt u not waated ataayfttoa., toa first steppage of UM water ceased acaroeJy anyex-he foUowtag aottoe had appeared atTO TUB fPBUC. AqrtnccT {taraagsBart, Nor.aha pabtta • notified that UM aaaaalrepairof UMK—aaat will take place dartag the,thattorthaipurposethewaterfatesatCrotoatogannouncement.—Boy—New York's on fire, and I am seat ever to you. IsfrPicroR FOLK—Who lias seat yon?BOY (wildly, and almost oat of breath)—They gave meeeem to Like i tTBSPCMPA*COTHILLPIACB.Around that pnm p a scene o f real life ooenrred y eater- day that was both "rich and rare." City Hall place runsfrom Centre street to Pearl, to a diagonal direction, aad •is near that clastic region known aa "Kive Potato."ThedeniaensofUMneighborhoodturnedoa to allihe •beautiesof"dirtandrap,"aadrushedtothepaap witheverykindofutensilthatcould beobtainedandoa- pabtoof holding water, woodea ware, to the shapeofDuring the morning Saportataodent Kennedy notifiedttto several precincts to have the patrolmen inform allproprietors of factories to stop the use of Crotoa nasi1further notice. Information was also furnished UMctti-seas by the polton that the bunting of the plpas would a dollar to come over here. eat off the water almost entirely, with the exception of alongEighthandNinthauenues.toebsaa sew,"etty lieeif. One maa to UM neighborhood of Boaorysaidhe,hadsoldtennewwaahtubsandtwentyaerythatsatargeapoliceforceascanbesparedfor UM purpose shall be stationed in the tower or bBatatas part of the oity, ta arotoot the properly of the merchants ta ease of are. I therefore respectfully recommend that you give UM necessary orders to tola oad with as little delayaspracticable. Iamyours,JM,Minedftdegreeofprosperitywithoutaparallelinhistory. Tbe system porsuel by Eogiandto now betag imitated by Frar.ce and other Powersalarm bell was sounded for the engines to go to the Fulton restore to onr mercantile marine its tost prestige—to re be insured in city companies. The damage to toe betid-nl ha oloaed OBtaatday, thadth o f Deoember, aad seven palls tttat morning. In metal w a n there were L uatil the repaira are completed, DonogFERNANDO WOOD, Mayor. JOB* A. KmnrtDT, Esq., General SuperinMndent afaction of toe firemen prevented the flames from spread- ing beyond UM opper floor. The roof was destroyed, andgot, bad took to yes?" The mesatnger vamosed,hold- ply. AtUMInspect ofPoliceoffice, iathe CityHall, aMtMa of ASOFFICIALNOTICBBTTHSK4Y0R. inconstqoenceoftoediminisliedsupplyofwater,his fiseortba Bayor has addressed too foUowtag totter tooverheretosayNewYork'sonare,IssriCTOR (w.rmly)—But where is UMfirein New hasprerailedalongthebanksoftoeClyde aadtoeTyne, unshakendevotiontoUMUnion,wesolemnlybelievethatbarrels, pails, Ac. There were painted patent the Superintendent of Police:-paBs without paint. There were palls with BAToal OSIHV, Haw FOB, Bat. 9, lEdO.York, and what am I to do?BOY (fraatlcally)—Tlioy gave ma a dollar—LNSracToa (to despair)—Ten me, what am I to do0BOY (somewhat Oasstty tato time)—You are to scad oahave sees deserted or comparatively lifeless.Your memorlallaM are aware that the wiidom of the policy thsthaawid ta saoa results has beam cesatteaed; but, nowever doubted, i t has always been BBaSasa srhto aseattal to a fail restoration of nattosal peasa aad proa- perUy. 8 DRAPER, Chairman.JAMBS TXBWIIXSCXB. as watery.Ctty lntalllsramea.Faa nrMAIDKILASS—Lettevening,shortlybefore seven o'clock, a fire broke oat ta the fov story bonding No 108 Maiden lane, occupied by L Gail, dealer 1dregs. Thefiretasks oat ta the top story, aiteaperiodtheettywill,ofnecessity,depaade'.oeeoakettles,pans,betters,milkcans,dishpans,tatwashbe-Police. Thetad'snamewasforthwithentered,andthequaltermswunthoseofthemostfavorednation.TowaterTbetoestoestimatedatsheet$10,000—saidtoferry, and agreeably to UMvery excellent arrangements instate it in a supremacy which was once unquestioned— tt needed only that measure of sapport which Great Bri- oeMla aad ttooe ware there were deep dishes, Jars, bet that the stoppage of the water wouId act affect the oity the tevoral companies were heard rattling past the Oity tain and France have rendered to theirs. Whatever doc-Steamboats were also informed that they could aot ob-moathsstnee by Mr. Saaich, a itabie keeper to ttto near tala their supply of water from the oity. The Union and In an incredibly short time they had crossedrustnity.aaooatef some sixty doitars, for UMpurposeof havtagagoodsupplyofwaterwithwhichtowashoffhis carriages aad water his horns. A friend of his suggestedwasagoodtimetorhimtogetbackpartofhis "No," sold be. "they cannot drain the well if theyi^umi'tilldoomaday,aad UtceyonlydrawUMwa- ter, why the iaoomiag stream must benefit toatead of in- juriag the well. I shan't oars if taay do aot break thebeadle or UMsucker " "All right," said UM policeman"111 see to UM handle" The policeman then took hto to kitp their engines going.Your memorialists are not unmindful that some years the ferry; bat an reaching the New York ago tbe Congress of tbe Coned States did, for a time, yield to the pressure of public opinion ta this regard, and that, under the toflueeceof tempora-Boaas s s toitows —Whoa th e tw o thirty atx inchwere bat hUd along the upper part 0 ' Fifth avenue, after* UM disaster occurred, they were embedded to ft aarvktmdcf earth to the depth of about seven feet. Bawe toot time the grading of that thoroogofarebaa been gotagea, and it was the latent on of the municipal govern awat, ifoar tolbraiaitoB bo correct, that the material sasdtorthatpurposeshouldboearth,asthelevelre- quiredaaetovathsaofflfteeaextrafeet. B appeeie, however, Uat the coatractors, tastoad of oatng earth for this parpens, to many instances made use of heavy rook, thai aught aot, to ordinary cases, hare made mack 4ulartaee;bedtotoaiUMtaa«ertbMcaoasdatadtfncta faarfJ eaJamtty. Where the fault lies ia a lowing thisbreach of contract we da not say but there hi a faatt aad placed B to be Oiled; bat alas, while be was talking tbfy luckily found to be fall of stagnant water, Into once removed to BsBevue Hospital, where ae aow reBssedtohaveertgtefttedta the beloreBMatioaedstreet, that supplies almost all the steam power for thatquialtioa.tbem into extttence w a s con tinned, and finally with drawn from the ocean, If not to per'.ih, to become value- less at tbe wharvca of this etty—a spectacle to saddenpi^ireattedmtoaaeaaother.onlyUiatafarMBB quaetitj of UMssaafl sad of the Oroton pipe hi tosartsd latothe teefcet or larger aad thaa to the ••smoke pipe " TheeelettM^ahoald be, and doahUeas are, geaeraUy waB saldorodM(ettw,aattottUBtastaaeelt was moat llkeiy not theesaa,atftrmaUleakageoccurredsomewhere. "Continual ryBtrtetwasaurrounded"fromearlymorntilldewyeve" fortunateenoughtohavewatertothetrbasements,nave mainsinvolvedtamystery. erepeteg of water will wear away a stone;" therefore It by at least a huadred eager faces attached to as many bad small metal pomps fixed tor forcing the same into aaot10boWMadssotfttthatItworeawaytheeartobe *oeies,saddoablethenumberofhandswerereadyto theupperstories.take the pall, it's cruel it ta" All the gentleman ia blue could do to console her was of no use, and away she wentway home aiweoraot he is unable to say. The pre sumption ts that be was carried to his borne by the per son who stabbed aha. and the assailant then retired fornot decreed; an overland mail whtoh, passing through the wilderness and over tbe Rocky Mountains, seeks a ne w is eut be>ood the sea; but, stronger than ail else, the will of"in a hud""THB rUhtr AT BA&T EKOA3WAY.The pomp at the corner of East Broadway sad Bcntgome-best way to reach them. Establishments that have been notified in relation te toe case, but as yet the matter retake their share of the product of the 'cow with tha wooden uti." It was rumored teat during the early part of the day a charge was made by the owoert of the pusspforeachpallofwaterdrawn;butnotbaringteenroute to and from San Francisco It is needed, if the people or the Uni .ea States would strengthen, by ties of mutual lnteroosrse' and mutual lnterait, the bonds of peace and amity so tamty formed with toe empire of Japan; if tbey would open up to toe fullest ex teat thevast retouroesofChina,anempiresooa'D. Eger, and George W Peterson, both of Philadelphia; and Charles A Cv.ke, of Rhode Island, are stopping at tbe Lefarge BouseJ W Gamewelt, of South Carolina; Jacob Forsyth, of Illinois:C.WBradford,M.W.Wane,sadAiesaader Lettoh, all of 8*. Louis: J. H West, of Roods Island, p . Haedy and party, of Fa rfltld, and H. K, LewrenM, o f Wlsoonitn, are stopping a t the Metropolian HotelLieut. Col. Hardee, Cap'.. Ingalls, a J. Berry, D. fi A , and Gen genomes, of Ga , are m Watotagtca.Tbe following gentlemen a r e among those w h o have taken rooms for the winter a t Congress Ball, Albany •— ' Lieut Gov Campbell aad family; Hon D. R Fiend Joaaa Secretary of State, and famii); Robert Deantoton, Comp-' woiler, aad family; Chan G. Myers, Attorsey General, and famllv; James M. Cook, •wjperiatss.taat Baak Depart-Notwithstanding the trouble that would result to Brooklyn should they ran short of water, they have aot placed a single obstruction in the way or the sufferers 00Northern winter; and wherever toe m*gone, aad whence tt baa come, by a law whichrest on toe scene of its erst triumph, tbe most trade has followed ta tta coarse. Not only do tbei sitae sea the cosily drugs of Inlla aad China reato tIireracTOB (nnxlously))—Well, bat where Is the fire?the administration of Mr Lincoln wUI be entitled 10 t*>e confidence of toe people of toe whole country.BOY(earnestly)—They'vegin'meadollartocomeA change has tons been going oa quietly yet effective-lytatbedominionofUMesaa;aad,ssaooaeequea»oftbegreatdemandloroceansteamers,theutmostactivity publicanpartyanditschosenrepresentative,aadtattswith blue painted iron hoopa, puis Srs—The witodrawfti of the oaaal aapply of water by) "^^w^a gi^ma^as aw terns BSBSHSHJIWM> sa aa^^pj^. A l s v the Crotoa Department readers tt, ta my judgment, nects a double suction engine over to New York; there is a o cemmeroeof England, vitalized to all tto parts, has atwater there, and the whote city will be burnt to ashes. The fire is it the Eighth diatrlct.tamoros (to a suboMmate)—You take down thl* boysname. Idoa'tknowhim;andletthealarmbe sounded. (Kxit Inspector, rather hattUy)at one time it s*emea to be the purpose of the Unitedttatca government to adopt and continue a simi-tarpoli<ry;togivetoItsmerchantsmallfacilitiesroexteB8ive with their wants; to permit their mariners togo. side by side, aioeg all tbe highways of UMsea, upon •be whole of UM stock was coetiderably daasaged bytMa, aad even a certain round article wiUt a handle, that above Seveaty-ntaUt street The polloe were notified to Hail, aad soon tbey p>ured forth from other tonalities trineBabout free trade prevail on the other side of tbeAt was felt last night in consequence of toe waat of water,Busedlenerallyfarafardlflerentpurpose Anything ooold be laid bote of seemed at tor the purpose, at, the panic being so general., it appears, had been repaired about twelvebosapromptaspossibleattheUreatatheThird,roorth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh aad Eighth districts.STEAMBOATS.towardstheferry. AtfirstItwassatdthatthefirewas in Warren street, aad that in consequence o' toe want o water the dreadful seenes of December, 1836, were likely to be recaaeted. Tha firemen,consequently, were brisk,lantic,onthisyourmemorialistsrespectfullyurgeUmt, BOlongat the mall serviae ofEogiandand Francs is maintained by imperial subsidies, the government of the United States wiu be compel,ed to Imitate their liberality or submit to a mortifying alternative.ry appropriations, a line of steamers was established to run from this city to Liverpool—such steamers as have neveryetbeensurparsedforspeed,forstrength,forpower or for efficiency; that for a time they were tte boast ofourteamenandtoedelightofUMAmericantraveller; on for tui ate, Indeed, and through much misfortune ua-thesteamfireengineswerekeptfiredupinreadiness,so as to take ruction from toe river to sopplv the head en- gines Tbe steam Ore engine Victory No 18, of toe East- ern district, BroohlyB, volunteered their services, sad was kept In readiness Is the Park Ths alarm te firs tor toe Poorth district, at half-past eleven o'clock tost night, was censed by the burning of a wood shed rear of No. Tt Baxterstreet. *t?riont BYCCYTOIOHm TSBOXT—An inquest was holdyesterday st BtUevas Huspital, by Coroner Jaokman,upon the body of William Morrow, s native of Ireland,agedthirtyyears,whocommittedeuJcidebycattinghisthroat with a razor. Deceased, it appeared, had beta a ainvalid for sometime past, bei»g paralvsed tn h s lower extremities and rendered Incapable of earning a sub- Btoeare His family becoming deatltsto and hM health continuing to grow worse, be resolved te commit suicide rather than i n u r e ft life of misery s a y longer. Accord- mgiy on Teesday morning ha procured s reswsad, cutting bis throat with t h e same, injured bimeeIf ao se- verely that be died yesterday 1s coaiequasca. The Jury rendered a verdict of ••Death by sotaide," tad tta body w u tberenpon banded over to the friends tor interment.AH UHKXCWSWOJUS Kruno —The body of aa unknownwoman was found lying upon too track of ttsRailroad, opposite the Arsenal, yesterday morning, 1circumstances which lead to toe belief that aba was ran oTerandkilled byatrainofOars, Tbecorpsewas takentotbeNineteenthprecinctstaticshouse,wheresa inquest win be held by Coroner Gamble.CJXPBBBB Accman —Coroner Jsskman hold aa Isqaattat tbe New York Hospital upon the body of DanMl Moran,who died from the effects o f barns scctdentallr receivedF ACTORIES.—THEIB CONDITION.The targe estabUshmeat owaed b y Mr. Green, of Spruce without their eervices havtag been called Into active r e sucoess'nl— sustained while toe support that brougntneighborhood, bad to get Its water from our stater citiesInspector Folk deserves much credit 'or toe promptmanner in which ho caused UM alarm to be sounded, and alcken the hearts of all to whom tbey had once beenstationatUkepump,aad didnotagain leaveItuntilrelieved. dome amusing scenes here occurred. The M. Proamed the otaimftnta for water into a line, and mads each well en their premises, which taay asserted would enable what might have been a fearful conflagration. take hto turn. A s several peraoas came with barrelstheof&of r made them take a pailfal sad pat it into theirbarrel, then take their turn again on the line Thus all theclaimants got served quiskly, while the "whole- dealer'' hat 10 wait, aad yet no. wait,torwhentheusewasshoithagothiswatersaquickly 'Thlialonethrowoatabouttwohundredbands,andtheasbeeoaWpatttIntothabarrel. Thea'ternoooofficer was a very gallant young man, and ovary female that came be placed her pail before those of Um men, 10 that UM"dear creature" should sot stand ta the wot. B B §aaactry nearly canted him trouble, for when a plump,lossafmotivepowertotheirttnsnto,hadthetflectof stopping UM work of two hundred and fifty mora In the same batiding.ThetimeseemstohavefullycomewhentheattentionYoung,the machinist,tathesameneighborhood, kepi their place in. foil work yesterday, bat they bad a targewith his staff of officers to aid in toe extinguishing ofthem to dispense entirely with the Crotou, if necessary Other machinists wore unfortunately not so well off.Police Iacelltgetico.MTSTBRIGCS ASD PSOBABIX FATAI SXAHMKG ArvaAr —Burr'Shu body establishment, at the corner of Cliff and Frankfort ttreete, was Idle jerterday after twelve o cloak at noon, ta oootequenee of the waat or water.About ten o'clock on Tuesday night the Inmates of thebouse Net 88 West Thirteenth street were alt rued tvfindingS man, apparently in a dying condition, lyingopenthefrostdoorstep. Oaexamination,waatwastheirsurprisetoOadthattheInjuredmanwasaiaeother than James MdPyke, a resident of, tb>» house. . Eto of the Congress of the United States should be directedBnlll soap factory v as idle at far as their works were concerned, but they were busy la opening an old wellOn one tide are CUtfornla t a d Oregon, with their long line of tea coast; States abounding in mineral wealth,was unable to relate how or in what manner be came to to China, a connection with tbe other Important placesetple, HIexactly the same mamer as the jotots of a stove '•It's bad eaoegh to lose UM water," said she, "but to a further supply they will have to give op making soap bis wounding. All be knew was that be was stabbed by indicated will become natural and eaey To such a con J A. Wood, of Boston; T R Crittenden, o< Albany, andasa»hthe ptpas, leavtagft hollow there, tha supposition,taerefore, to, the* the weight of rook ftftd earth above«U*r oaaeed a aeparatioa of UMjoists or a breakage of>keptpsBctH.f/htotorvarwatthecase,eartatoBIsthat«ar>7 peataraaf moralDg a sartooa oaeatag of the pipe any euch charge made, we only give the rumor at uttered machinery to the binding department, and the drying bery wss effected sooc after the store was closed for the paoious to take ot our produce and manufactures, and so esaarwd, aad a aoeae of dtosater followed. Fire aad by the outside crowd ta the after part of UM daythe apparitua was useless for want of steam This had the night, and from certain indtmtioaa it was evident tha* rich to return in kind; if, by exchanging ths gold aadpolloetookebarseot UMpump, sadbard theyworked effectofthrowtagfromthreetofourhundred outofem-(UM box had beta broken Into and rifled hi too garden, in silver of California for tbe silks aad teas of both empires, UM rear of tbe preenis a Tbe prisoner was observed the American merchant! would be, to some extent, inde- loitering around the store during toa evening, aad sws- pendent of foreign bankers and foreign credits; aad, above picion pointed towards him as the guilty party. Tbe all, if, holding tbe troths of Christianity as precious, the foot tracks In the garden, whero UM broken and empty people of toe United Btatst would give toe missionaryjewelry case was found, oorrespondei to, a nicety -wnb speedy access to bit chosen field of labor, to the scene of, the soke of Oe boots worn by toe prisoner atthe muchtoll andsacrlflse ta tbe pastandoflarge promise time of his safaB, and that circumstance wai hi toe future. If all those things are desirable inch a line'aiegoodservaats,bat varyhad.be more they pumped the faster sad thicker etmethethadBaaar eetarrad to UM neigaborhaol or Sixty crowd. Bat poltoomea are good at "pnmptag," so it B wat fossa to be dry.tor policemen, tor they pampas, aad they pumped, butploy while the steam was stoneed. They bad a well mbofsheadt ware coittaually going to aad from goarded the pomp, and did their beat to equaliae the dtt- BMoblya wtob water tor oar sabUaaaaaaaat, andoranyportionofIBsmissing propertyhasbeenrocoA Taoax OOBTAIWIKS BBOOBtoxas —Antonio Cordova Frank tt. Babatoftbaaad three others, all natives of Cuba, tato aoaaafy oa Tuesday night, by detectives KtagsattabBsto,oasaasastaa ©f befog impltaeted ta steal-ing a email trunk owauining UOO. t t e property o f John Fattoa, of t l Beat • S t y tost Barest. Tbe complainant. ' thebtinardiwouldsoonbecometributary,andso.toe,wealdthegold of Australia, drawa to England vM UM tato aaas of Panama, by utat law of ooaumaroo which mates theatortast mate the beet. _ _<*. . Your memortaliiM tavtM theatMattonof Congress to tots noble enterprise BOOBBSBit eeaaot.be1 aosestplhtoadwithout toe aid of government, and the baw?J!yiJ H RMB**yM4 ft*,BT. **•atanros,FronstaM. Botch Awjemiwyjaan-j. v a. Wsteoo sad festtr/raaBaJ. fcbaw. Horatio N. Sherwood, N. J Bergen, Francis ~ nan, Uekwona L. Doty, Etc,, Private Secreiary to Govarnor._Lrvat...fev Yaasaearal Mrs Mrs ToBdertOB aad twoch-tier s a d perhaps a little more ragged. The policetribution of UM waterThe peopta were very noisy la by these means topreventdaily BrookropaTATS w nno* 9<JCABB.but by a very * « * • « • * * of aQ UM water Bstsa,hWada,Jr,B< BOresa WsQerkCBAT^a-BarkBW»»asatottpjUBsrV snl •BBW a*»wjffsBlaWm afj |rUesB|BsabMa. tlBBteB t A IVsfV asai tsalaTl•StoSadbtl « « W O O l l U » e t M flaVp- •BUBH* slsaarVg S V IPSBBWBBwgB) saajfttoktBaaaawaaa « * - - * _ v ^ ^ a atotoof the Fparth ward »o ptopt ft poUosstoa to kssf r0»rbetog shM)Pn»Ms<l of their Wa are greatly iadsbttd to Mr. Rbxx Water Purveyor; Cyras F . Sattth,PBINTINS OFFICES.Harper's targe establishment had to impend work yes-Grand street, was brought before Justice Kelly yesterday oa a charge of stealing a case containing sixteen platedterday uatil tbey ooold get water from Brooklyn Is carts Theirfortytwopresseswerestopped,aswasaltoallUMbanting watches, and a number of earrings and bracelets valuedInailftttfiOO,tbepropertyofMrMUls Tberob'lyaPwsatoS of l>* ffsJM jjf'lJstSfsad/t * » » ' * W»JPWiderived from it are asttenal; becaaae if it Is r e e to m l BgaahsofuieseoaitateTSofcontinue UM s s s o f tewGrotea whichteto tlaaw estehtsttaaaaata tk*qnes.ee tattn*tt«FBS*ltoitt»wnsSra«tfrom laetr itoterta*, H j saata assrse^fll boGotttberter * Daasy, ale and porter brewery, ooraer af MsVan aedJen • ttrest, have a splendid wellwithhim SaoaafterwardsI mercTuiilamarine,whichhashSBajaygtredtoto)sswstaa- Cortta.GFAdams,Hi.J.^^^"" ^tlB^^^gF V*^** aaBBBBBBBBBF-^*^B» BBBasSWgadmmj _ J.W.- ^*.a%J *for ft towAs tbe prisonattbetime, be removal ofif***-*'*'otoasafwat bleeding profusely from a wound in the abdomen, and to exteoeive was the gash that the intestines pro traded several Inches The wounded mao wattnaeietble (partly from UM tfleets o f liquor and part!;, from lues <> blood), to that be was unable to gtve any account of theto toe establishment of a line of mall steamers through the waters of the Pacific Ooean to UM po inlous countries of the Eittern world.by toe explosion of a camphene lamp oa tbe 16ih of Sep bias eye*, curly haired wencn came op he took bar pal' wkioh baa been otosed up for over tea years, sad which manner ta which ha received the irjury. He was at with a most productive soil, and forests boundless ia tember, at No. 187 West Thirteenth street. Verdict— 'Ac-for a day or two. Oa returning to consciousness MePyke fhould a line ot steamers be formed from San FraoctsooBuffalo, and J. C Leavenworth, of Ohio, are stopping at toe Union Place HotelUntitled DocumentbelOtojajtpotrted to consider the subject of subsidising a Itae ofsteamships between CelDonm and Obtaft, sad draw upa memortal to Caagr«s n favor of the measure, was fineea to twenty days befteawataken up.The following is the text of the report, with the excwlion of the introductory portion, which it of no importYour memortalhJta can recall the time, wlthst a shorttermof jeaiB, when several lines of peck* ships sailingout of toe port of New York had almost conoloatve oootrol of the valuable traffic between thle and the prlnctpeiseaports of Great BrlUin aad France; and tbey asv* livedtoseeUMnoblereyaata,whichonoestoodBOhightotbe estimation or the traveller, and whtoh bore to ou- try of 300 per oast, and that onsetdies, totoeeastto Africa, to tbe wholecourseoftheMwhileforyearsourshipyards,from Maryland to Maine, afirmasdnaswervtag adherence toMsdoctrines tsea-determination tost has never faltered, tilt at length theextent; on tbe other, the populous empires of Japan aad China, the Philippine Islands. J»va and Australia, all aa accetstble to the merchants of this country, by a western route, at tbey now are to those of the old countriesbycidental death."Personal laieUlpjauraMr J. S Brtsaon aad wife, of Begiaad; A Brush, ofrome one while be was Intoxicated, and that he toll to the summation the signs of the times uamirUkeably point- G. R. Hegemun and wife, of Stamford, Cons., are Stop- ground insensible Whether he managed to make his lines ot railroad running from the Atlantic projected, if ping at toe Everett House.W. W. Smith, of New Orleans; N. M. Tanner and James Chalmers, of Virginia, and Mrs Toed, of Alabama, are stopping at UM Firth Avenue HotelCol Titos, of Artaosa; Zenna Barnum, President ot th e American Telegraph Company; Samoe! D Crane,of Boat->n; andT.Wassw,offprirgfleld,Mass,wereamongthear- rivals at the St. Ntabo as Hotel yesterday.for the pre seatSeveral factories have suddenly discovered that oldtanks or old wellB are in their immediate neighborhood,tnd plumbers have been busily engaged finding out UM fear of getting hltnaelf Into trouble. The police have been a progreeslve and energetic race, These are tokens of toefuture Suchalineisneededtoturntbetideofcorrespondencewhich now seM hither and thither, through toe CunaSea, tbe Indian Oceai, the Mediterranean sea, and via employedIntbeJewelrystoreofOliverMills,No.256FrancsandEnglandacrosstheAtlanticbyamoredireu A.9,doMora,ofOoba;BBSwayne.ofBaJtlmore;APBOCUAR CA&E.—Isaac T. Sands, whi wts formerlyspend «W'<»««^J^. i t 5 ^LjTtU-of our eommeros MMe stent ot war, 11Basis to be woe to spproptlaM the awhiie moaey to wares beddtog s p a—TFtor ham tlaa, h i tea sears af stores asd wealthBr. Lews sUMd that EagVai mercewithBrsrllbytoesubsto ocean navigation, the British go-•agorated that system of mall 00m auuica whereas England—watch doss aot import stare thaa 000-TWO CENTS.pomMd oat tbe oatttaeat of Amreatetoaato. The tnue of Japan la likely to bo vary important, tar stoaafiy share ta a eats tsroeat M totetrr with a oargo valued at $700,090 from th try, The cBiabltabmeat of a steam Has to Ad California, 1 > toad to give Amenea aAad,confidingtathewisdomandpatrMtlsmoftoere- aajgj ffj- ftj4 BPV It fHThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 