 'ji'TOL.IX—J'P-.ain'i- fSOM WASHINGTOM.^bWrihaNEW-YOBK,TffUKSDAY,APRILtt. 1800.Wia^mtmiOWoRailroad» c<m- tlwtfltejrwereentkapamesideofthechannel,and thestylehIenbaaamtalked. BeabaUnotconeherege»- jMke He bad no MWttM M tlealstjng aaeiiiR and nalBanly Banner.FROMALBANY.PRICETWOCENTS. tlons. HestatedontbeantborityofMr.«•tkatmBOIBBfHAD BDJ.Bnl. lieaatlmetheearswill bedraw»thijroghOe a^poaedtBatniaWrooUacttoaetbet aniMWDre Mr.PaioB—Itladuetomyselftosaythat,uponIheoccasion here I did not deiorlhed,<nee of the memberthe New-YorkTax aiitmcon Levy.detlgned PWJBg^ Coney Island, and woidd eaA-, thecommandlsgeSMroftktt mfcrVllxpmposean;(beri •-.dealers being compelled to pay rates oa HOk foor- fold as high aa any other speelea of frelgU.KMr. Onxu spoke at length agalnai tbe maimH^'tM if Jlliwr TMI^rrlpartoftheBepnbUeanptatforai.Mr^Pw. at OU^ (fi»m.}-Wti0m iihfmtriai ft toof tboae convicted of murder In tba first degree nntil one year after their conviction, was favorably eonaid-^pmM^fliWtMl* )the iliaflermt _.^_ IteEgMlcaneaslanalludedtoaad shall not say that he did, beeanse I, of course, ered In tbe Senate thisthe acis of theNew-York Comma'V.MHuacui, W*dae#d»r> April n.ciaw Bcasure, and askedIt become a "today, and will take possession of thetlie Men's YoungThe CttMmittee desired to knowwhat ipecial duty he pertarmed, bat tUs was a poz- SaxeWABBniQTOif, Wadnesday, April 11.House resumed the consideration of the bill Btand Ihe gentleman was to say that he said then 1 1 >,.„,v n.-_,K«.i.i- i„ .«—.>..„ _«r„acss In Court for ttie District Attorney. Mr. Tar Wortembergfor Missouri and Illinois, and Tlce-towards Mr. Lovbjot. (Laughter from the Republi- Mr. Matbabs, of Teimessee, (American,) said can henchet.i Now, Sir, I wish to know if I ,am toMr. FcauBikas relieved from further attendance ou the Committee, and leaves this aftemo3n for home.A mWSPAPER COKMSPOKDEST IN TSOrDLK. Mr. TBA29, a member of the Commutes, tele-ai-mission into the Union. was not an enabllne act.and whether or not he Etands'by ii the will demonstrate.>*iAMaia^-'Btti.Mweca Hessra. rrror Kearney oil the 1st ofto landtoriio(uchlatlcr propoaes give away pnrpoae.He. dafeaded bis vote on tbe OfadoatioB bffl. and showed that this bin did not oontaiA tbe priatdpla ofiMenrs. FiUfUandOiiubppoaed theud Potter.OUXCCBTOB-HOOaiS. ca»aqftraaspataaeaft>rStates to to pra-oecopy pnoBc landa,promptness In1'- to, aad- At' tOt *Dna, I undeiataBd, will ignore his assistance, andiimj tkat he attoidad to any business connected N. C. and F. A. ;;by that any menaceAprilIS0O.Ura CooTta. Vr. Bins Is brother to the'^CoUec- tor, and aephew to Mr. Buosahu. Mr. V. Is also ex-at Boston.:Mr. Lovijut, country with this same offtnce, if it be an^th pectedofThe Commissioner of Patents has granted an ex-to showtheplan adopted bythe Federalbowie-knives blood was then ;fromup PhiladelphiaThe bill to widen reported complete.Buihwiek-avenue, Brooklyn,waseither House but the thirdinI resistaoce to which he was dismissed fromreadingito control Statepolitics,foroffence,Iwhat was avery naturalThe Houfe iiaving requested the President to com- The,C<AniDittee to-day examined four persons from mtmlcate all the information in tils possession relativement yesterday of Mr. Pabkoit (Delegate from Kio- I deprecated the shsking of fists upon one side The Assembly bill to repeal the Act of 1851, cannot be laid aside except by a two-tfalrdB vote, and?The Committee haTe a large number of names ofwhatever Tl)f enacting to alterclause was stricken out of the billthrough with the Ust, the Committee will visit New-York as a matter of ecoaomy.utierec It, was entirely wiped out by the gentlemanstatutes was ^commended by the Senate. liighiytogoare obnoxious to this objection, and come within thefrom Virg.'nia. Heerasedit Insuchaand PsACOPT, ard appointing Mr. Pattbbsov, Joen P..IBS ^•XVr-TOEJK HOTEL FCHD. Postmaster-General Fowiis was b.fyre the Covode Inveatlgatiiig Commiiiee this morning, and testifiedlatest communication on the subject is from our lateperiod h^ng,them citizens the moment they reach the soli, and ad-member to eTase the remark of another member,Relative to School libraries of New-Y'ork;two Cniiiinissious will not need to be told that atxd- isbirg ore SLO constituting another Is of ItaeUanf-,Ianytoremovetke restrictions on the tobacco trade. The uralization laws. If this is too decUre which he had no right to take. It is the right of no Society of New-York ;a statement to tie Kew York Herald to-djy,aflBtradicllug that journal's Washington dispatch inSaturday's i»3ue. Mr. Shatt, of the Htralit, wassummoned before the Committee to-day, to state thesotuce of hisinformatioo, and failing to appear, anoCcer has been directed to brin^ him before the Mr. PcOH, of OJilo, (Dem.,) from tiie Judiciary Com.graphedCoBmlttee to-morrow, when, 1 understand, ho will give Mr. Bt'TTZiwoxrB as bis informant.andsion ol new Stales was a matter of discretion. He 5Ir. Geow, of Pei,nsylvanla, (Rep.,) closed the aN, Mr. BiooD moved to amend by repealing the 7th I think it will pass the House.FBYOa T8. POTTEE.The fifteenth Congressional scene of tbe present United States District Court attion with regard to the v.jters, he thought it would greed to.N. Y. be unfair and unjust to apply to Kansas a princiiile The bill was then passed—134 aijainst 73. as follows of the Central Road. He argued elaoorately KiLLUocsz absent,lenge.KXZICAir HAILS.Mr. BcnnToSTn's Mexican mail steamerIIgreat nutaUerof gest-Is now pressed upon obby.way of a satisfactoiy arrangement of the mail serviceall restrictioLS on fares on the Central road, was adop.-Governor friends feel cao-TBI WARIBOCSI TROrBLXB.Secretary Cobb has thue far failed to furnish the Committee with the contract and carrespoaden>:e the public warehouses. The Com-ultiee, to-to strike out the amendment, which was lost by a vote of IS lo 15, asTreasury.The adjournmentBROOELVN IVfELLIGEXCE.—MdEr Ar.^-o.N Casks. .\ man name^ CharlisUfiuht -w-as fuliy «-ODDrolttei! bv Justice CoBirwau,,willS*v«r»l of the best jobs are not yet out of tbatoachlngday, called for tlie affidavits and returns of CollectorMr. IlAii! h'l-oduced a resol'ition iustruciing the , Criiiiiiiiiiee cl Naval Affairs to inqu.r,:- whetlicr atiycuiLioreal pu..is,hinfnt has been suostit'lted since the aboli'ion of floEgiiig in the .\avy, and by what author- Imipht be in Iht llae of his duly to lecture the mem- ruff, Wa.«t!bu?n of AViscinsia— 134. hers of the House.jji(Nats—Mcrsrs, AMI. Blood, Colvin. Connolly. <*arui- ner, Srbt;t,HimmGn.l, Koll,',Ketcbam, l.aihsci. II in- Dierre. J. M. .Aluri»hy, R^beitsnn. Sessions and Sj.iiiila.Before takipp the vote on ordering the bill toa tliirdprojectEug- lit,h bll! Kansas was here without authority of law.After a long debate, the amendment, removing.eration of tbe meniorial of Hon. DANist 5. protected by Dicsitfsox, wasatreatywhichCongresscanno; in-nthehistoryof Kansas.Binghamton,Mr. GwiN, of California, tDem..) moved to take up tween Messr!. Pavoa and Foriis, and it seems to lic the bill for the transportation of the mails ovcfland tuthe Pacific,I' Is also but 1 do not know for iriut to show what inestimable benefit the Central CQKse. He also would be for the substitute. Senatornut extenik'd tu otner new States. He trusted that YzAS—Mecsrs. Adams cf Mastachrfaetts. Adratn..M(lKansas woul-.l be admitted into the Union, aad tnns rich. A'len Alley. Ashley. Babbitt, Barr. Uarrctt,tbe £trife wh.ch has so long existed would be ternii- Bcale liirtiham, I<)air. Blake, Braytou, Briggs. Buf- and dic- seat. He Is for the bill. It is said theaesalca occurred on the floor of the House toiay, be-Ii:iRoad had been tu the State, and denounced WiLLiABS, who has been sick heretofore when tbe U.e spliit which snimated the lower House as Toil bill \tas under cuusiCrration, it again labiapretty well ascertained that a challenge passed be-fore the House adjourned. Mr. Hihsmak is said tohave delivered to Mr. Pottib Mr. Pavoa's note, butMr. Pomta's Mends say he will not accept the chal- Ml. Rics, of Minnesota, (Dem..) moved to recommitnalcu.Mr. QtJAEizB. of Tennessee, (Am.,) opposed the billon the of the of Indian lands within grcuIld^ Includingthe boundaries of Kansas, which is in violation of thefington. Burch. BnrliQf;amc, Durchain. Bot'erfieM, Campbell, Carey, Carltf,Clark B. I'ochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax. Cosklicg, Cooper, Corwin. CoVode. Cox. Curtis, JlaTea, Delano, fuell, L'unn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheriage,I 'sure of the who have upon Iw or three Senators,lie retolore voted in the Railroad Intercast, is greater than they can bear, and that they wUl give way. You will leara by telegra[ih, before this reaches yo«,how near these are speculatlucsTne nomlnationewere "a surpriie party" to Ocmen"hereandhere.ibouts.'° ItwassaidtiMttMl. PiLSJitBT would not accept, but he will, and gi«« bla undivided attention to iu'jMr. Gbxir, of Missouri, (Den.,) opposed the mo- tion. He had to go an-ay, and he desired to express hlmEelf on the bill.11{I, 'iI Ii 'jiwilling to vote down the whole thing now, for hecon- sidered that it never should have been introduced atbut with nosuccess, as members can no longer be led by the of opinion as to the Salt Lake route. He ItsrJUCongress,hopeoftothePacific. Therewas,however,little difference thoughtouRht to be conj-idered at once..\!ier furllier oebatc the subject wasMr. I'n.K. <if Missouri, (Dem.,) a bill forM'. Cox, of Ohio, (Dem,,) declared himself mI,fa-vor of the bill as a friend of the people of Kansas. nia, llorris of lUlDo's, Kloise, Xibl&ck, Nixon. Olio,a vote of 14 to 13.by can"McOoa wOk tta Boutken liaes by taafalluf Capitol tuatbt*edtveoaaenlMiifM. H« r. FonxB^Yon ate doing the same thing " pw Btw* of TtniiMniB tato bb kaaptag.Hon. Gioxex W. aet office PAmaadB wooUtinder the bUL I.t. was touMmt, aa..-» TBI SBIATB.imu^ iflr. MuhMi, vrTtueittfe. ceed with his tealneniW staft ma SSJS*:2LHS eiple of the Homaataad bill was oontalnedln the legla- timore, Philadelphia, iind other places, all of*liy by horse*.a graatBolsaOBe onaroBfkt fvrwaidrecognizepres-of the people. Mr.DwioBTraisedASXT Irttws. eit. to Fort Riley, Mlaaeapta,Ibatbebadsat sflenfwblle bliU embodying this prln- tetion of 18M. The policy reoommendad by the earlierhas no sent.tha V> except byunaalAMaabeie quai'eii PonreompaalesJMlMed^atltliswiey, ttr«b'''dlMrantAontiikteotbodledintbaHomaataaSany word saidH.ond Dragoons U Fort Koan«fk>^IkrigMMd byany?b'it°SU.sl:n.'^tao^derto'''lSSf;n.^^^^^^^ IThe bill to fix the term of office of the CityCbamberlamwa. signed by the Governor this after-ErieandHailemRoads.Meaars. Fuolxb end Guxucx pmented areportlnfavor of tbebULslaority H^oiHrThey wUl manA well then an abundist laj necessary artlelet af eitional konaa. 'They wagoaa to aat^ eoBpany 'waseaa of eaCli oommaad,Hence the unusualThere was also a rumor that the oldl>tTl«M»iTcoBanniMtadto iMToadtkstTkaamwlUbetosUiedhereafter.andis to cattbethroatof »qtsaywhereamembersbouldapeak,andtheydiallFizaa, of Philadelphia, of the salary paid his brother.Tlie law requires the Collector to make his returns recent m\irder on board the United States sioop of- , ander oath. To-morrow they wiU call for facts coa- wai Brcokii/n. an'J what steps may be necessary for (Mr. Parrott, intcrniptiiig, claimed that he heli asent here by a rlRht equal to that of tlie gcntlcm-<ii. Boi hnm, li.t'-ltr. Hovce. Br.it.S'.in Uram-Ii. l;r;?t"(v ar;d asked him to specify the objectlonabie langur.ge. Bninett. (iark of Mo . i oi-t--n. C'orr. Gr.ai? «f Mo..the protection of seamen on boaid of United States aaeted with the construction of life-boats for the New- anO inercbyril vesi-f-ls. Adi.ptett.\c.-ierday,coatt.A PCBIIC PBIKTISG-OFFICI.The Kcw-York City Tax Levy came up On itsJareeyMr. Hasxih will crvleavor to report a !)ill, to-raDr-Epij'Tishtill was intended to keep Kaosason; of th,;—savlBg large sums of money to the Government. PEOSPECTS OF MK. OOITGLAS.Inieiitionof some of those who voted (or it was toenuble the of Kansas to reject the Lecompton peopleAlabama Nelson, Xash, Fugh, Ouarles. Reigar. Ruf-£n, S-ott, Simms. Singleton, .Smith ot Vir- Sickle',Mr. Wxbgtib moved to recommit, with instructionsrow, for the establishment of a public prlntlng-ofTiceup.Conslitntlnn, and this was his aeclsied purpose. To ginia, Smith of North Caro'ina. StaMworth, Stevenson, o strike out the $iCO (KK) for old contracts.was set on fire TuesJay night andiiot sowregardedasthegreatreformoftheage—bUi, as did the from Kansas, Stok(s, Th&inas. A'ance, Wbitelcy, Winslow, "^N'r-o.iaoushop,and the destroyed. Loss $jeO.eattrelyHcix^fWeinigenforthe United States RobbbiBabtd, ;Tliefor the admission of Kansas into the Dnkai.did Iin a rulEanlv and violent manner .d..„„. ruffianly advance—From Qnr Own OorraepoadestvAlbabt, Wednesday,This rsiftoves what kas al way* betan pnrpaaethe from'Wlaeonsln,nordid I nearof the First Garaliy^Preildeats,carriedthtm of Ills pretence, or ofof milk freUhtto operate agalMt•zpcdIUon tft(MESfa>sandFort'ba did say have had recourse to the menu- noon, aad bas become a law. It was rumored hereCaaancbe*. The cavaln EUey OB qie l»th, and Aa ^script of the Reporters, and I find. Sir, that he has In- teraulated the record touching our proceedings here,reportMr. Pauibb argued to sbom tbe ImatensetiiAe«k» BwtaUflr offl«a|i Ik* axaMft tMraof, tetatkar with tte hob- Mawfc M, One eoapaniea of ibe. Saoood Infantry, Ha reiterated that tbe Homestead bflLIB ItH, tk rcTeaueqnatttidtd ^ o=att very much surprised that the member from Vlr- gtaia should say that he did not see me on the ec-To alter the avenue.map of New-York, relative to Madlaea-w^Tfir ofFork. carry wjth in. A few[pkaaat fof ad>'besid^ companye^t o> tbe lanar would be to transplant aaopla firompoint. [Hcrre Mr. P«toe pointed out the corrections made by Mr. Poitib, and which appeared In his own hand-"shed with » _ prprisions—Ire- aavMtkaof tl)e*aal ratsooa ie fiesh beef on thetis aalaaet. Ha was tirad of this twaddle about the people,appointMr.Matbzu.Superintendent. To pre-Trtie bill to amend the Patent laws was takenh8\e acted. The English bill imposed no restraint..twomissioners would boldV•. dated Hidoowat Jiart UiMda, will IBM* CM tbe IMk of MaydesignedAnybody who deatea tl^ tkia Ooremramended, and on motion of Mr. Caa- referred to ttie BrooBlyii daiecatesto r»*with 14, General Orders Na eoaniUaBea paraaraiikRepobllcana,Sonthnnexa. raeatiaacompactbetweenStatealinoDomoerat.not He would now yield for the memoer to say."it was-"••zttar Fort AbveroBbie, oadar tte oowoianrt of thAVAfanaesfoifMlVSC MatellAv. OnewaganwilHkilh^ikiUkrfck*and laMH^tMnTO- staa, tw6 for eack oaafaBy, «nt % aafteteat iBaattarbut, Sir, I have no right to say,ToIf there Is time it Council, relative to filling certain lot*.To counsel ttie proprietors of tenement liaasea to providefireescapes.A dMAraUons^aartersof dhe Amy, New-York,say wbetber or not he bad made these alterations.a Mr. Poim, of Wisconsfai, (Rep.)—Mr. Sneaker, I in tbe second degree, and to postpone tbe execution The loilowing bills were reported favorablyOscab G.PabslbtasVIce-ConsulofBrazilatWilmington,Consui of tbe Duchy of Nassau for MissourioneerstanJ further if tie intends oroffense, [Laughter]shakingand was charging him so that It would go to then, on theHbbsch,tension of the Morse patent for seven years from to- day, but has not yet prepwed a written opinion. It covers the patent of 1846, Including the instrument now in use, and the mode of transmission.years ago. Then the contest was between Bo.dar RafflaniflowingSpeaker,what I meant was thisDuchyOldenburgrecting the Governor to transmit such laws and docu- ments aa be thinks proper to other Staies was adopted.IfeO-Tork, three of wLam were policemen. They to the expulsion of Americans from the City of Mexi- required populationTbe bills were following]iafaslWtUled that Collector Scbxll employed them co, and the confiscation of their property by Gen.MiB.txos, the Secretary of State has replied that nostances,onlyremarks, but toTo authorize theand same hondred others, three days prior to thelaat Coagresakmal elaetloa, and paid them $10 each,aaddiicharied them again the day after the eleotioa.This was done, tiiey stated, on the application of jority. Only three from the slaveholdlng States voledeaadldates who oppoaed Mesas. Bsiecs and Clibx. for the bill,—Messrs. Barrett, Etherldge and Web- ers not naturalized slwuld beThat was theand 1 would ask the member from Virginia:;;,information on the subject has reached the ment.Depart-lifve Oregonnow lias aof fifty thousand.reportonlymotive,To amend the act to facilitate the coUcctlo;! of debts againtt Corporal ons.The Kansas bill passed the Housema-staveholdingHereferredtotheOppositionTenrvesseepiatfarm,In hedidnot hisownmotiveerasethatremark ofster. An number from the non equalas a merepropositionto transferpoeeesslonSicklestl(>n, Inf-iuding three Southern Americans.It appears from the files of the State Department that nothing has been eiTected by ourmlnisters abroadup riflccted by Yeas 19, Nays 19, the Vice-President— Nats—Messrs. Connolly, Kerry, aiKl Maoros 3.in the negative.Mr. Halb, of New-Hampshire,would go still further and say that, even if he hddpument In favor of the bill. As to tlie boundailes.section of the Consolidation act restricting the Cen- tral Road, so as to put the Central on the sa.-ne foat-Tbe As'fmbij bill to repeal the act of 1851, relea*-- irg tne railroads from the payment of tolia. was aa- i.ounoed in the Senate ttiis Senator Paoaaamvotingvoted for the bill, though he would haveare the same as the Senate and House nave Iintroduced a bill for the protection of vritnesses in criminal casestheyheretofore approved. The art- a Is 85,000 square miles.would not preclude him from voting for the admiseioDof Kansus under the Wyandotte Constitution. Ithas been shown that there Is sufficient population in ly laige for a State. She has a voting population ot this bill. He was prepared to vote fur it as a separate made the sgiecial order for this evealac «tin the Diitristtwo thai Kansas liad a sufficient- years ago populationMr. Ramsit opposed cnsraMngthe amendment oaWfcGle, ard tie motion prevailed. It was tbaa-mlttee,ithat aCommon Council of your City to remove Mr. Sroct. carried on In milk, and the Isjtutice of faraen aaA,"doing the sane thing now." AgaUi, he added t6 hisSeveral bilis of local interest were a«a pasaad,themto the of 1 Incorporate gymnaslam Brooklyn,fromtheSenateofasked to be discharged from further consid-Columbia.the bill to tbe Committee on Post OfSccs and Post Roads.Ur. Halx thought the Butteifield route stood in theaV'.he belief is strong thst that the veto the City Railroad bills. Theirthe reiief of E. G. SfttiXB, late Charge (TAJf-irc^ to CcT.'.ral Ameiica.vania Stcut, Stratloi?.Tapp.'»n.lhtyer,Theaiier. Tomp- than whatever kins, Train Trimbl*". \'allsnJighi»m.Vanrluer Verrce. wisdom, W Mluron, Walton. Waahburne of Illinois. Washburn of ntishtbe its merits as an orntorlcal production. It llaiue. \?ehsicr, Wr-lls. Wilton. Wiudom, \Vo>l. Wo>l-night.wooCs.jur.bcrs wlli ri rtstnt to a dissolution. LEO.ity, jid v>hiti ^tepo have btcii takeu in regaid to '.lie]reac'lng,the Seaale, at 1- o'clorit, adjourned.ASSEMBLY.AtBAiiY, Wednesday, April II.aaavowedv teiatntlona. Bf jfctjtod Mnaelf tnm «m taonU anytt aMMmiaB'this line of travel. ..word from hisln>tkat lack of recognition of his presence, for by re-a point of order that aaWhan dl that hoof. Tbe fnaCnMUoB* for tfeafxmdnct of expedition nurtol tfcab platfonn? It has baaaadoplad by the (nma'B) remark,HilMWliri|i|lwiH|tLTn tocarrytiilMllitidiMMf(>MMtMK.Bxp«naaalaUaaatoBefyesBbeefoathehoof.MajorDavwill sofas)-Thereitis,talkingtoLordLvont.Theoitbegentleman,andafterhemadetheremarkswillpass.evening.eondnct his command vii Fyrt RandaU, at wUch place he will replenish his supplies and proceed directtoFortAbercromble.wlilch he has just read relative to Mr. Jovxjov, com-ing down into the area, and f esUcuIatlng, and shaking bisfists,Isaid,"Youaredoingthesamenow;"and bousehillwillpass.To establish tbe of gradeSroofe- tpeaial ar-1fcaaaiOllisofthemeat Ltobb,who waretalkingtogetheron on* of ta#'e£notknowIt. But I within a few feet stood. Sir,thisas Consul of the Grand ferent circumstances than it did twoII. and di-(Rep.,)with other roaas Li tiic State ilailroad law.under themiming.ir/ored Its reference directly tc the Commitlee of tbeaby largemine after it had lieen put in by the reportersTo Clerks andbetter attendance at offices ofCountytoEnglish,Emigration to the existing Coo mission for tbe remo-pasced repo.tclover.Sedgewick.SpauId-ing. 3pinner, StaiJton. Steven,:. Steward of >'ean.^l- follows, . opcur before Monday,Slavery play whatever. resolutions, and will declare his readiness to support question. The Homestead bill was a great bene- the people would not have been thrown un- all respectsthe additional when a ticket was not charge five centson the that the offence was out-Mr. DocGLAS for the Presidency, if necessary to the I.>,i,h:.«v,mi, „»r=.)i.i onf Vnr.h i.»i„wi„ c^roTMs=s^e.s t,ih.e« j mg above parties, but he believed that if the C.1U Party. He would vote for the bill be- thirty -seventh parallel North latitude—HoETiccLTURAL SooiBTT. ^The annual Springsoccees of the party.It is ascertiiiiied tljat the two delegates to Charlestonrelation 10 the Coloiual histurv of the Statefor Doroiis. Cne of tne-e retldeE In Bedford, whence Mr.BowKAHwasimporedtoWashUigton. Mr.BowSouth is beoomicg tired of ttus eternalof mewhenever she came here with a Constitution approved bv the people. He so stated at the time. He showed:Tomouth of CrolinRlicr.vote defeating the bill to indem-—Inatlng. Theloomswill beopenduringlom- to-day an<tVAX and Attorney -Ceneral Black are reported a WAsaiBGioa, who, he believed, was from the Old Do-sayijig, to-day, that they would not support DonsLAS.He believed that he wasasgreatamanasanyofthemodernlights, andft was oiiiv a proporition to Kansas. If she acceptedKaiuas shall be construed to the rights of per- Impairtion lo reconsider .leliaudedKi.NO's CocKTT MlPiCAi. SociETT.-The'^even u noBinated.TBI CALIFORNIA I.\FREgs.minion,and he the bill. frlgned;;thpU>e Mexican SatOr ratUed.The RepubUcan Party being short of cspltal, had seiaed upon the Homestead measure,thepelled to sit here and hear him utter his treasonatilegiveSandyto the approval of the Governor, Coioptrollcrtorney-General.da*«»tIt la a singular fact that Seuor Tiuja eaUed onand At- called allenlion to the fact that theavttur Ca»8 to know if the dt itarqui,llr.PoiTZB—Welistened to gentlemenontheothif matingopfteibedonthetidewaU."C0BW.IS8 bill,reporleiCommitlee,wasan mtoraisemoa^a:so,tliecountrySgaBlakvaasei.upon this side with violent and offensive laaguage. Weis to be constructedto them. It CasisMB and Dr. TBoap-daar jonr Government has not ^,and in the large course of his remarks,lieten'Hl to and beard them andAnother passenger railroadin the terminusFrankford Chase. Road to the FoxTreaty will he amended andbut he shall come not. Sir,N. J man, who had purchased tds freedom», a oolarad from SlavoryThe GeneralIf this were blandlyrepUed, My m»Bfoilofcriminals. Mr.JoussoirdiscussedapartBMt wltk that information, unless it talBfd b> theyotaat yon did us the honor to file;'','Ifol- as offi,;ers of this'The bountiaries lieglti atfirint, philanthropic, Christian measure, rls- der the corrupt rule of the corrupt Republi- point oil the western tmund.-iry of Missouri where the nurchesed oeforc euiering a train ;1,„To amendwere oncer consideration, the negro would be fVom Brigadier liovsinK's District, in Penn3ylvania,are Introduced somewhere. I'he countrv North andlli,;I'agitationof and cut flowers potazalias and fuchsias preten commanuinents, or the Lord's Praver,:liencral Manufacturers' AssociationJirrEssoM also In- \ Creat alTorts are making by the lobby to defeat the ooised the principle, and he preferred being asso-Dr. DaalelAverland Telegraph t>ill. PartiesbaUd a llae for less than what it would cost to trans- pert the necessary weight of wire across ttie coati-*«ri J T ConkUnK T^lisureT.'A. Ot«Slaent. Thebillwill aspass reportedbyMr.Colfax I I(visions and conditions.Adjourned.regular monthlymeeting of this Society wis bdAA large yesterday for theli<en passed the term of the Sena- tor duringfrom Virplnia, and yet he had not protested(N. H.) Gazelle, who signs himself Daa." says thattend certain streets in New-York, and confirm theTBI POSY EXPBBS. number of letters and dispatchesleft here been frequently adopted in bills which hadAn indignant correspondent of Ihe NthIiui "was transacted. Mr. Robbbt 6. Bcssiao baa raeeire* (he regular Association nomination for PiaatdanlLto Calllbmia. TBI KASSAS BILL.I I!of land nnderand the bill finally defeated.made inwas lost,Pony Expressofofpririlege. ByreferringtotheGlobeofthismorn-Tlie Kansas bill, wtiich passed the House by a large vote to-day, »iii go through the Sonate without diffi- eally.OCR mj:ticak BELACIONS.BepubUcan Senators freely express the opinion to"Commit- tee. An entire new bill is substituted, naming Rso.^are oiTerijigRelativethe public moneys.;1preferred following his guidanceto ciated with W.^sHiwaiow and Jeffsbson than with1I;those who now represented Virginia. Mr. Johssos wu» ouite caustic in his allusions to the Senator from A'irginla. and defended the homestead principle at considerable length. In the course of his re- marks he painted out that this principle hadVice.Presi.ienl, Brooks C. R.his c^nsutue.its.which occuried here some days sincecame wellher her strong by giving02, 53, 5445, 5S, S6, 57. 58, S9. «»,«»,^t'} '''^^''"*''°" 'hat he voted for the same prin-" from ths of the Mr Pbtos .advancing Democratic sidetionsgreat perspirationciple.by a Senator from anv StateBabma was crime, and said "sidefor weekswhentheydenouncedthemembsrs eightby thetopDicbaaehli children,wasP*>'TM«*t toa?tfetfrTMSfftha Coftlnaace. which he did, 'elatlog ita^intrusted this De- variety of topics,them quietly, throoghflesaida tbe history of hislla hU behal', and at thebebe whatMr. Prtob—Thii li the point I make. Let the gen-« eoUeodon was taken up.and *»"Tejnnesseeput up afterwhere she was the race, to be taken to lu, Jr., as Commissioners to purchaseforcould taLe care o! CouncllCharober.on her blanketsbecause it was popularand insulting language uponfaceb.said to date from the day when Mtsi Temple gets -tight,' and insisU uponference atHackettatowa,AprUthis, hearf;ued, was a want of fidelityapal:i5t tliem>m his part, and should him In the eyes of;disqualifyH.i also read Mr. Mabob's votes inliba- she was In, and when she was led out of a neighboring stai,le,The Quarantine bill was reported by theW. Pattibson, Jodh P. Cchuimos and Robbbt Cuais-did not stand here to be rebukedThe gen- aporoachbut Itwas oii^n. He replied to WiorAtL's remark that poverty;this side of the House, shaking his fists in ourof the turf be truly trotting may,Virginia, and «bo vaa endeavoring^publican;Party existed, and was of DemocraticMr.Quarantineentirely differeat bill from that referredcon-' said niat Caihoch was more of a politician than aPhiladelphia, to run fromth^:heretofore,now, asa locationshe herself, either in the field or theoriginated before theIIcharge unfairness,speechrv. jlonr^f P. P. ,Th?ymust be saved, you know, before tbeiNays -Messrs. Adams of K.v., An'lt-r5i,n of Iio.. An- deraoii ot Kv. .\shmoro, .^v-. rv. Ba-fcsdalc. B'.-.-H-k,tlcn, which he would call up to rnorrow. for the ai- jouniment of botli Iloufes ot Congress from the lUth toSOth April.The Homestead bill w;is t,tkcnMr. JoH.vBos, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) replied t" Mr.Hejects for an attack. The Senator from Virginia who stood up In favcr of the rights of the people ofMASON't reniartisofonly cutting off a source of corrupt plunder, but lar that Tt-ntessee Senators were singled out Hi ob- a meen and false contrivance was unjust to tlio^Alter a warm deba.e the motion (Dem.) said as more than bill passed—76 to 5.wasSenator Lathau is prepaiirg to speak on the Davis of tbe Slavery question. He Ithat there was Ceiiceol the votes and the 1 the Uerao- admitted Into the I nion nnder the Wyandotte ConsH- thought registrj-.Railroad tofor examlnalioa. when he was;•yesterday. eternal agitationof Kansas. He referred to the evi-snail bethrown a flood of light on the subject ktoioachnassickto nauseaofthisOne'slor '.his bill.theThere was no difficulty with him as tothe bill, he had voted no.The bill declares that the State of liansas•tiie Centralyesterday.it thought s.ngu-call theEnglishdelegate—lost,—Oct »( THE J I'KiEDicTieN. Dariu.ihey may.at great party. esubli^ed sect tleman apeak from his leat. and lay all oDder the ruleshe had not the cast of mind to found atattsman He bad only aThe Louisville Courier will publish a Sunday z::r i;^:^remt."^'rtsrp"s^.r^ editlan hereafter, to be distinct from Its dally and;of the freedomof'JUIU0AB9 WWASniNOTON.A bai «w r^PrM tP fte Bea*te yesterday, aathoi- Atw pound out Tla]i otwaSh vpm him. He suppowd tbil iide, ilMtini liit flit* i4 «W (a«es, and talkjpg in weekly Issues,toSiel^hi aidlb. Mmob rei>Ued. Ha W3S surprised that the Sen- he is entitled tosay;tmt. Sir, he sfaoold not come upondita.;,subjectThe Senate wasprlation bill last evenUig. There wai a brief Sxeea-tlve session that Intervened.This morning there has been nothing dotag lauponU>* RaDDbUout orgaaiaafion ibrPassRgeof dmntbeSovtbaia breOlagnor am ICol D. 8. Una*, of lie Second Infantry, will nro- felplehad passed tb» »—ale. He dented that the prin- ferring to the New- York journals, and those of Bal-of of by nnder Ma)- SaaowMK.and tito eMMaalaasf tha Sec- biiL The one was designed to reclaim wlldemeas, blB. However, I find this in the Gl»l«, and I presumeDispatchAlbabt, Wednesday, April 11—1 P,Mr, Tabiabs made aSenate tbe rate bill, fixingAM «*tol tki Second Iviiaby V«KMechaffair, not a word appears inandand tBTlte popoiaiion Into diatapt TanitortosFort the HomesteadJiUl. He contended (bat tbanaceasary and affecting the record In a most materialto-night by signing the bill.into effect in en- 18M,wasron-slaTahoTdlngtba eaelaalan of tbe people of SouUtera States. Ha waaariMiaadto tbe wliole principlaof giving away public lands, aad sbould vote againtt it.To his " andPolice Com- a special meeting to-morrowMr. of foitber discossed WiaMU, Texas,(Dem.,)disagreed wtssenttotheCommitteeoftheWbole.:olSee mentto-morrow.Aiioclation.The KlniB County Court-house bUI came dowBcame before the House under dif-Wednesday,April authorizingEmigrant Aid Societtea; between, ,The Englisu '^ornpioaiise It could not lake away any secured under the Constitution of the There woe the authority of that Con-^1 r. PoTTEB—I shall stand bv my language. Sir.Mr, Pbtoe—I .'hall construe his remarks as 1of theUi,ited States.stitution and a precedent for the ad mi-sion of Kan-please,sequelThe Hall bill CityrightstheAriP— Me-sre. Bell. Eloxl. Caivin, Florj, Gardiner^and the reoole actedas tbev shouldGrarr,.,^^^^British Minister and the platform are tofetlier.Mr. PcsH—I deny Qiat the ItombUcaa Platfonsthey bareworth,willmarchontheISthforFortRUey,andon whatevertheyfindlyingaboutloose. did,therefore,whatI supposeeverymemberhasa ThefollowingbIU>werepaaaed fcilliiiiinj. ukd wlU be ready to icport in a few dajrs. the 2ith Companies G. and H. of Second Infantry will Mr. WiGFALL then apologised for referring togiBtJe- right to do under such circumstances. When I was act of 1851 , releasing tolli on railroada. The amend- Relstlve to the parochial fund of (be«i;<IMM> ThaaM»la|ra«miiail^an« 2,971. nnPKViTuienfmnaATiOH.It appears less probable this evening that the AlmsFlatbosh-avanna,Ita gaa«ti1i FilBlliie Commlttea hu dosed itsoOea blaaktkmof carrying tlieir point, and anticipate their ability to LEO.To fix liie salary of the Chief Clerk in tbe Sano- gale'sOfficeofNew-York.*tcaWybeforetheCorodeCommitteeto-<nom>w. Ur. BaVB, Editor of the P«tii«]rit>asillB, who was ex- aiAMtlaat week, admitted that ke was recelTldK a lagMK salary a* an emiftiye' of the PhiladelphiaCtom-House.ikr. Be finally answered that he attended to busi- of St. Louis, as Vice-consul of the Kingdom ofAiBAirr, Wednesday, AprilIn relation to the Police and Courts New. York.ofOteCHyefandrifles andher wounds andhar virgin aoil was desecrated. Nowall wax peaceful. He was satisfied from the argu- remark. "You are doing the same thing."sas) that it was hts opinion that Kansas has not theas much aa the ether, and I meant what I said. Iabolisbiagtolls on was made the Railroads,specialthere appears to be little disposition to give way for the introiluction ofother business.Y'ou will lecclve a list of tbe bills read, and wlietbar'they were or It is dUGcolt— parsed rejected. inpaa-tible—todo anything more. Bills are referred to Se- lect Committees to report complete that are, pmbapi,. entirelyharmless.Theycomebackquiteanotherthlag.House. Hethe admission of Oregon andto notinsert any remaik which he knows to have beenpassed:Minnesota because theirrespectiveConstitutionsSupervisorsofKiags County toopposedcorrect hisit in because I wanted the build a C^nrt-house.which the extension of the period of probation for';thirdreading.Take, tor Imtaaee,foreigners is advocated, and thatforeign- preventedrightthatcategory.To amendthe charterIf a residence of six months is sufficient tonorother:CmiirNas acd Robebi Commiaalanan. Chusub, Jr.,Sliarp'sfor a Representative In this stand by what I saidpermitted alien suffrage, and besides, he did; not be'put to l>^ correct.populationnow,the rrporiersentitle foreigneis to citizenship, then change tbe nat- what the words were. Sir, it was taking a libertyMinister to France, Mr. Masor. This communicationthat he was one of ihe contiibutors to the New-York i> dated August 18S8, in which he says that the French that Ibey may be punished, if guilty of troasoo, li^ne of another gentleman's tmsiness, and he has bles : andHotel fund, as every prominent Democrat in New- Governnicnt has no desire to surrender the monopoly and rewarded if true and loyal to am couBtry and its no right to take the liherty of altering or amead- To amend the charter of the Hebrew Cemetery As- infinitely worse. The provisions of tbe newBnIII ijiiii discharge of the pub-and from Icvj ai;d sale under exectttion was the Co.iiiiiistioners are cfsurgecns luiioipear-haUe.atfMRh'.ilH mttihimself, to the best of his ability for the pu'alic inter- «tatribe.Hiitbman, cnutemplate Jlr. Gcocp, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) in reply to erase what somebody else had put iato the manu- reported favorably. Why are all barriers bioken down, ajg poKticJ ad-,and sale of the article.The French Sputiaffon bill will come up to-Borrowinterests He moved that the bill be recommitted to the Coadmittee on Territories, with instructions to limit the boundaries so as to exclude all lands belong-iug it. Mr.Pbtob—Onewordmoreand1havedonewithsociation of New-York.EVtniNG SKESIOS.The bill to authorize tbe publication of the revUed statutes was laid on th^ tali^.b'll these Commissioners full to take pos- give powerYorkwas. Hedeniedthatpersonshadbeeneai-'liliitOgliir" Wi fliasfr^-wlth %rinr to rendering po-litical lervice, ai&ongh in times of election he made the Committee onPablic Expenditures, proposing toIt a mle to give a few days' leave af absence when it reform tbe printlog abu;"!. Mr. Haskis has, haw- American character, and our treaty faith with this Sir,rrssion of any may -want—tot>ayat property theyalso theever, consented to postwne the maiter, to accomoio-II I lliilii II illilic duty. NetBier Mr. Bccbasak nor an; member ofhis Cabinet iiad attempted, directly or indirectly, toocntrol the aS&irs of his office. He conducted thesi the House to day has led to initiatory steps on thein the House as the special ordergentlemanauthcriiy I lock ihe liberty, and he imputes the actdale Messrs. CurPios and be<ng absert from the City.whoThe collCTju)- between Messrs. Pbtob and PoTrsa inpeopleir ti't^ formaticn of their Constitution, have acted incould put in what he old not utter. Sir, the gentle- man says he stan-.'s by his language. I understandErie and 0.-*wego Canals, by the application of sl.'Iiuy gates, was taken up in the Committee of tbe Whole.waswhich indicates that the scheme is dead fur the pres-ent session.Tbe bill to abolish capital punishment, except fortreason and murder in the first degree, was taken up, but the Committee rose without making any progress. The .'-enale llien took up the hill repealing the actof 18M abolishing tolls on railroads.pa -s, as There Is mon^ enough in it to grease two- thirds orfhe Legislature.The bill in provice far the K>(e custody of the publiclime In the Asstiiiiily tliis uomirg, and passed, Ayes' ^2. Ncrs 2&part of Mr. Pbtob. lor a duel— an invitation hiving been extended to Mr. Pottbb, through a frien:!, to leave the District, for the purpose of receiving a challenge.SEN.<TE.WAsBj.-iOTo.i, ^Xedne^day, April 11. sasgive ren.aik as I please.libertyconstruingof New-York, and to fix the;reportofsuch prices as they tee fit to pay, and to sell preaaatIn such at or aa proi.CTty manner, public privatesale,tbev mav iblnk proper. The law. as itnow staads,s:) icily guards s gainst any peaslble stealing, aad J9tmlrlsler to them the oath of citizenship, so or not, after a member has corrected his remarks; itTo extend the term of cfiice of New-York Consta-awaken suspicion. Sat bad aa was this feature, those ttiat followed ««ieingof'^ erasiitg any remanc lie had placed there. Old Ijike that lihertv, I fell myself authorised lo ifiie »» nrfwairairted Interjecti m. Ho savt be- fore he would have done that thing—before he wouldto the Cherokee Indians. This we owe to the to me IasMr. S.MiTB, of Virginia, (Dem.,) and Mr.on the power of the present Congress. The admis- seveiaily expresieu ibeir views against the bill. >^Englishconsldertd that tbe most unfoi-tunate act of Ids lite, itnilrs foreiguers to vote. the Having repudiatedHe repudiated the extraordinary speech deilverei yesterday by the delegate from Kansas, (Mr. Pab- BotTj believing its tendency was to jeopard the ad- mission of the State, it was oonoxlous to make a of and he considered thecd.was then to the Senate. The bill reportedIi(lent,th8tifputto the necessity, they jump-,as more showingtemperVurjih.v.P.-osser, liotch. tVi.r:,cranrt tv..i,.,„,5.preciselylaLsuage referred tu.reported in the G/ol>e. GABiqgT,K;ir.sas, which has every element to organize an efTi- 17 i;.0. He also argued that nothing in the proposed8 o'clock. The effort will undoubtedly fee Illr. HAHHOsn favored the amendment. If the bill made to substitute the Commutatian bill, a* was irtroduced aa a separate proposition every per- 1 wrote you yes terdav. It looks doubtful if ttscnknuA's that itw.ll never the for those succeeds. Senators Lawbixcz and Hakhokb ate' p-i;« House,cient Stale Goverrntent, He answered the objections lis to the boundaries, saying that the Indiau Territoryhoundailes would Indian It was prejudice rights.time to close the old annals, and open a new chapterproposition.that tiie people should have compiled withthe English bill, and mat tlie population was not suf- Fra'.k, Fretch. Gooch, (iraw, Gurley, Hale. Hall, ficient. Besides, the Wyandotte Constitution was Paskin, Be'mick, Flckmac, Hoard, Holmcn, Anti-Republican, according to the definition of the Howard. Humphrey, Hatchins, Irvine, Jackin, ConsUiuflon of the United States, and because itper- Kellogg of Ulchiirnn, Kellogg of Illinois. Eenyoo.Kilgcre, Kiliin^er, l.irrabee. Leach of Michigan. Lee. I.npan, Longnecker, l.ocm's, Lovfjoy, Marst^n. Martin cf Ohio, Mco"le-nand, McKean, UcKnight, McPherson, kontKomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris of Pennaylva-this late hour of the session;but be wouldsupporttreaties;Famsworth. Fenton, Kerry,Florence. Foster, Fonke,andand attacked Mr. Hahuosd as false to the pledges heMr. Cox, restjmmg, said that Mr. Parhott had not Craiij »! 1,'. C. Cr.iwforo. Currv. I'avittsoQ, i)u.-is ,>rto the nien who undertook here to re- MJ.. I>iir.uTidlon. KD,;iieli. Oarneit, (Jartrell. (Jil- move the Leconipton Constitution from the Halls ot" irer, lltunilun, Hardeman, Hatris of Va., H-'t-to await the action of the Grand Jury on a uh.^rge of arson. The prisoner is charged with aet^ i.ng fire to a tenement lOOse on the comer of Amity acu Cuiuuibia streets A small on SoothMo.\vibt ard occupied as cwredbyMr. acoopar'adoneMr. M»sos,JofWirg|Tiia, (Dem.,) offered a resilu- Congress. The delegate while charging that thi: ton, Uav, kins. Hill, Eindman, Houston. Hutrhes.justire1 Jackson, .lenVin", J^-nes, Keitt. Lamar, Lc*i;h of Xorthithenre west on said parallel to the twenty-fiiih question. When he voted for the English bill, he re- meridian of ionsltflde west of Washington, thenceenabling act with the census In It was not restrictive. provided nothing contained In the Constitution ofremark, (ball be heard," he liad added,saveanytliinBabouttheHomesteadbillCoiBpany H, Second Infantry, now at Fort Leaven- only uken it up accordhng to tlielr UaUt of piektac OR I was surprised to find that I was not so reported, I The Senate Is now consldeiiag tbe bill to repeal the der for to-morrow afemoon.Sararal potots are made which are intaiestlBK to poU- march, under command of Brevet Maj. WanxLS for men by name.and then continued Us remarks, lablch conscious I had made the remark, and others on this ment pending is to remove the restriction on the fare Pawnee Fork, and take post at that place. Toey were of a very diaeuiaive character. He denied that tide heard me, I corrected the report In that par-Uataaa, and among others Is the first point of diffsr- win be allowed two ivaggoos to each cooipany, t>e- there was any propriety or neeaaaity of settling op ticular. I claimed and exercised the same charged way passengers on the Central.Episcopal C!hnrch of the Diocese of New-XoA.To extend St. Felix street, Brooklvn.To authorize certain churches of Brooklya to aoQ •aMtbetweeaCol. FoMiT and Prestdent Bogiuxui. Vka testimony, I oadnslsiid, will show the quar- ral to kare commenced orer the printing of the PostSecond territories creatingThere is every prospect of a midnight, or perliaps cemeteryall-night session. The railroad men feel confident Rome and New-York Railroad.eldes the number necessary for trausportaiioo and newStatesright of looking over the reporters' notes, andlunds. Toreduo^tbeof supplies. Brevet Mai. Hats, Company G.,ArtlUerv.at Fort Riduely, now under orders to pro-peed to Fort Monroe, Va., will take advantage of thefirstopportunitytocometoSt.Louisbyamter. The theycouldthenobtainafinalvoteonWMneaday. Ass-'slantQuarter-Masterwill providetranaportatioafrom there. Brevet Maj. WiujAiu, Caaunay G. title aMangcmaatFourth Artillery, nofr under orders to Fort Monroe, Mr. DooauB, of Illinois, (Dem.,) urged the proprie-correc'lnghave doneand I ;Mr. Bbows and others were unwilling to consent to Ileasia. Via Dtu and IVn are here, and will Tb., will march by land to Sioux City, from which ty of Bxioit atlaT for tbe final vote.actions, legal proeeedlngs and clalmiCOTODE (MjiuaTm.From tbe Asaociated Preaa. 'place transportation by water will be furnished by theQ.The bill waataaa recommitted, with Instractiotas be reported baccon Tuesday, and with tlie undep. atanding that it shall be pressed to a final vote.Adjoamed.HOUSE OF REPaESSNTATIVES.Mr.Pbtob—11. Speaker Littlzjohn did not vote at all on theAssistant Quarter-Master In St.Trom the Associated Preaa,notlclirg him. As to what he says about my correct- ing tbe report, I did in two instances substitute one word for another, in no respect changing the sense of my lemarks, certainly not making it stronger or put-Sanitarythe negative erroneously.His vote was recorded InAdjourned.GOSSIP ABOUT LEGISLATION.TBYBD BEADIRO OF BtLlS—A HXW AM> gTASTLIIV PBOOBAKMI rOB QUABABTntX—PABSAei OPHAIX BILL IS TBI SIHATI—Waseiiiotoii, Wednesday, April 11. The President has recognized Fbiedkich Kdbri, of New-York, as Consul of the Duchy ofTlic bill relative to tbr-custodian ofpublic moneys,Louis.the member, and there-Mr. Bbowh, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) moved to post- pose the subject till Tne«day, aa be wlslied to speak. Mr. Wadx, of Ohio, (Rep.,) was wUlhig, providing;capitalstockof the Saeketta HaiiMr,;tpI did not knowfore be might have passed before my face without my New-York bill.ting myself in anymore heroic attitude. I underwhich>ork Cbamberlata In office three veira.SENATE.Albabt, The concurrent resolution,,.,^KAIIi-;legalizelipa,singular or peculiarport was improperly before tbe Hooae.publish separate and dlsthict accountsto ibe New-Tork Timca.rejected the majonty report antetnow. Sir, tois side let the consequences bewhattber may." Altera remark by Mr. Pbtob, tb^tMr.LoTZJOTaboQldnot shake his fisbi in theirwijHng.lreport.The majority report wasanddenied tkat tlie Homestead bUl was a Demo- faces, he bad Interjected, as for liimself. You are vent tUs the new Commissioners took the oath oftheDemocratic side coulddepart-Mr. Ponia—Mr.While the member Irom Virginia wasjcharging Mr. Lovijot, alter he had left his orh teat, and came donu into the area his fists atmostly engagedAjipnt-,left out and I ;would ask what further,said,and, as I said before, I con- sider that a member has a right, under such circum-for S o'clock thisorder evening.;Mr. Dawjs, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) desired to say that he heaid the member from Wisconsin use ttiepassed by the following loic :With regard io the i»opulatIon, each House declared;1jIof New-York, relative to the establishment of a fjiii^e ; and wb.itever might be the merits of the ques- Mr. M.AYHABn'b motion to recommit was disa- -who run the inacliipe there are rabid In their h.itred sick, and thcv would he for substitution. SenatorPalmer, Pendlet^.n.Periy, P.;ttlt, Potter, Potter, Pnttle, Bice. BiKgs. KobiLson of Rhode Island, Robinson ofIjiicuis. 8:hwkrtz.S,;ranton. Koyce,Ji motion was made In the Senatetliem over the veto*-' without exhausting taa,- alongCarotins, leaSe Love. Majlory, Jtujnard, McQueen.Union, mace no exception to his sweeping libel. The UcBae illlea. Millson, Moore of Kentnoky, Moore rf final reading.buildingThird'Street, between First and Second itiaaia, -Indisna,seemed to think that the Senator of Wisconsin had Kans^is. As a man of honor, he was bound to vote Iwo-tblrds of his political friends had voted againstofarrested on suspicion one of tbe river tblareaconcerned in the recent robbery of grain at tba At-lantic Barin. was brought before Justl(» CoamriLbGovernmentno connection between the Homestead and crhts had had fair in the election there, tulion. on .m cijual footing with the ori/slnal States In To^epeal the allowingjioDulation:cnure it «as right, and n<a merely to get rid of the sameserved his discretion. lie could vole for Kansas north on Uiat meridian to the fortieth parallel of lati- lawexhibition of this Society was opened yesterday af- ternoon, in the Athenseum, comer of Atlantic andT3.Mr EsciiSH, of.tudetroduced 1791 under the Administration of Gen. that Kai sas had complied with Uie English bill. The em boundaiy of that State to the place of h^giauing— Mr. Fl.>iiij:b moved to take from tlie table the mo- to-monow.with a small hot very choice displaySlaveryquestion. Thehomestead wasin- princloleLidlans in the nor shall at every stage of the proceedings. It can repeal as iheir terrftorv be included with the State until the well as'enact all the substantive parts of the Engiish tribe shall sigr.lfy their assent to it. Until the nextentitled to bill Kansas accepted. He referred to the justifica- general apportionment, Kansas shall be Thethe New-Haven BILLS PAS.«ED.it w ell and goodcan do as sne pleases. Congress can act as it pleasespropel iyto existing tre-itles;llailroad.lowing penons have been elected Societi- for tbe ensuing year: PresidentSewa- Assessor,-^J-/C"^-U,s«a;d HBtBTB •,if she refused it, very well;pertaining tonity patiies Lost.tion of his vote by his constituents, coming here withhis formerdouble majority. In spite of all the vi-andtuperation abuse, and a most unexampled per-sonal contest, he was returned here, and as the crowning act of that triumph he would vole for the ac mission of Kansas.one member in the House of Representatives remainder of the bill contains the usual land pro-ASSOCLATIOK.— YorNG MfSS CDIIISTIA.V A,Mr. Pbtob,ing, 1 find the lolloping report adverting to the sceneVirginia, (Dem.)—I rise to a question"was so much fatigued and worried th»t her keepersgrantswater,1857,election « ill take place next laaatb.Tni CoiTRTS.—Circuit Court Caleodar for thisNos.At the meeting of the Newark Methodist Con-Heuae to the area where Ur, Lovijot stood :tleman from Illinois (Ur.Lovfjov) shall notthis sMe of the Honse shaking hii fista and talking inwav he has talked it is bad to be com- enough; now. Sir, this »ide shall be heard, let tiie consequsnoesofW«abi;:,nVhlchBoniBilife.G«**,S2SKfT^con^atgjnC^":dav:Untitled Documentshe sonorthetnerce ea«t on said parallel to the weslern boundary of Missouri; thence so'Uh with the west-authorl'/e the construction of a bridge acrosstheClintonstreets,i.ow Territory, accordingbyifiss Flora Temple, after her great race on the 10th,ITne annualnigh killing lo counteract the27. 40,64,'fi5, 6fl, 67, 68, 69. 70. City Conrt: Noa. 2», 98, 38, 3, 44, 46, 47, 48, 49, S«, 51, 92, SS, M, SS, S«, 58, 59, 60.her own, she runtedSlid Iving down on the sidewalk. Too badpoorupon pullins to 'Floro so much drink as lo craze her. The decaythe Quarantine at Hook or elsewhere, su^ijectmm.tthem that othershelleve the member from Virginia did the same thingat any rate, the remarks were corrected by some one,judgingfromthenotesIsaw. Itisperfectlynatural tosupposethatundersuchcircumstances,anddarbog puichaseitthroughtheHouse. the confusion of so many speaking, the reporterawould not hear distinctly every word, but gentlemenon tbls side heard me makii the remarks as reportedin the Glolie.of Courts of Becera. without ceBtuHhig me f When I looked over the To extend York-street, Brooklyn.he ha-i to erase votes I saw what the gentleman from Virginia hadonration of principles seven out of the ten mem- awor^ or even a comma of It. and I would have cat provide for the improvement of the East River.fto.n voting at the elections;thisdecla-said,but Icoosidered 1 had norightStates voted against It,—Messrs.these said to hare been thus employed, but deem the and Scott. Absent or not voting were thirteen South- bers of Congress on this floor were elected. Tiic mv right hand off before 1 would have done it. But, The first part of the report of the Commissioners val of Quarantlce. Itis reported as an aet aboUablag sample fumislied suffielent Should they del<<rmine em and tlu'ee Northern Democrats, and nine Opposi- provisions of the Wyandot Constitution, he argued, Sir, that remark of mine, pot In its proper place as I of the Code was presented. Its lucid condensation of the present Commission, Messrs. PArraBsoB, Oaaaswhether that rembik appears in the notes reporters'the The subject.wants to know what byway.thatneither person could have toldThefollowingbills wereif of and IM-. Clabk, (Mo.,) denied that the of Kansas, scritt, he would have had his ai-m cut off. yet he Mr. Proseee's bill fur enlarging 'he locks on tUc veiiluiers are substituted? I suppose the bUI Is toNo Congress has ihe power to saylioliition of law.that the people sh.Tll not send up a petl'l;.n asking forhim that to byme theofhis:i<ii>ggeneralofThe Raflrosd ToU Bffl in the SenatASpecialmovement would be madetheaoarThe bill to permit juries to find verdicts for murder ucoT.portcomplete. Recess.passedthe retains tbe New- Assambly to-day,TEE CITTBOAD TOLLS PB08PBCTS Or ADJOUaMtaon.compel Clerksand to go to theirthe Qnaiantine bill, which went to a Select CeaiaittaeThe bill exemptlag oeitain pr<a>sityoJjHfyir.ciinsAfter a debate, progressavoteof iheofcffceof the City Ctiiin,berlalii, was read a tOlrd,hay uig Its origin in oersonai interests, being Case. Clark of New-Tork, tatcii by seifiui, and hot patriotic motives. He wasAssembly pres-'actdlsebaigedthe amendmentasMessrs. Bsii and Ramsit spoke in favor of the bill.right.made for Police Commiseionerama^leduiingthecanvass.justproper.;ji-fTS—M^isre. Bell- Fiero. (Joss, M'*Graw, Moatjrome-lt>i£ii3a>.Kichmjad,har-JiyThe following bills were passedTo provide for a I'i mill tixfor the support of thebeingreported, byraczayi.ityfarmMiBSlciHr.to the custodian ofTo authorize the continuance of East-street, New-Yoik.In relation to mills.A motion to reconsider the vote on the bill to ex- Ti esday evening. t>ut no business of pobUc iatara*right to entertain itThe report was therefore forlyn. TheSenateHalmbillsweremadetbeRelativetotheagainst the Mayor. Aldermen and CommoDaltyof tbe City of New-York.of bills, aad eaa- currenee In amendments. This order ofof Oe Quarantine esiablishment from the CommissloBerB ofpassedof toe Hebrew Benevolent These famili^.r w ith the gentlemen compriaiag tbaaef.cirnt '.oEetchnai. ia?liam. McGraw, Mai^nlerre. ,1. M. llurphy, Prosser. Rimiey. Ricbm-'>nd itat>ertAOB,Cifs,W'lch. Sessions, Spinola. Trnman. at-d Williams—21.yesterdayground oommittedside the juilsdiction of the Court.1;Librarian, Geo. L Boaett.::Senate this meaning , ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com iJKtii