 NEW YORK HERALDpcaedf.3tca with the!Breckinridge wing ofthe Statesasfollows:- party. After considerable palaver it w a s agreedto »•.latitat* Greene C. Bronaon for elector at large SUre.... #••in place of Mr. Walworth, and to appoint six dis-i ^JohnBrownaddressedhimas"BrotisrSeward,'! accepts ike brotherhood and snows that he' gloriesinitJTHEPROsrecT a Niw YORE—The Union ectoral ticket for this State having bean »t length definitely arranged, with nineteen Doug- sis electors, ten Bell menend six Breckin-democrato,aU that now remains to beby the several parties concerned is ar o u s a n d u n i t e d e f f o r t t o s a v e t h e S t a t e _They can if they wilL T h e united vote o f theAmericans and democrats o f t h e State i n 1856exceeded, by over forty thousand, the votepolled b y the republicans under their popular^oung leader, Fremont N or have therepubllcans, In any subsequent election, come withintwenty thousand votes of their vote of 1*56. at$l40a$16* OwflSrm mixedrtSte.a 6Sc .'w wjilllQOMDOUiiiiif*.I*rc*9>•*••••• et>eeee •••••»••O f f f l * •<*V"- —VolimtXXV.O P a A S l A O e M B f T O K W • * * *T h e m e t r o p o l i s w e n t t h r o u g h t h e m l x i e d p a n g s '! ! 5 !"^ tSTiiTM?'. '*"»O*"*.« *: l**t hind SatAMu&IMX>TS THIS STKXIHa.cision until this morning. ThewillofEdwardB.Murraywasadmittedtoprobate yesterday by the Surrogate. The testator, it appears, was possessed of some $50,000, which i> distributed exclusively among the members of Msfamily.falltotheground,becausetheya|epotimstainThere Is still another view fojbe tflken of these results which Senator Sewa|d| and his co- adjutorsleavealwaysoutofvisw. Immigra-0wfindinMr.Douglasa manofthesame arty antecedents a s Fremont, and" who willITTBLOI OABDKf. Broadwmy.-MASSW HSABT,WTKTKX QAXDIK, Broadway, oppotfa Fi:.o-in) B»»3iOArrtASSOWTKY TH1ATBB. Bowery.-VAitwrT-Moo i* CAB fosflLa-*-<'Ani'nirnM or Beta*.W ALULOf* THXATBB, Bros4waT.-»iATurs Wirnelsek.theworld.At the came time it must be remembered that the importance- of this parade of the Wide Awakes,asapoliticaldemonstration,is-liableconsequently "Old Abe."supporth imIn preteren:et oI-•-**,<I wtaumt tht', move, .eat remaha to be developed..Wo. »7J1point him . bat he feared that the objection wastrict ei?ctcrs in place of the same number alreadyOB t h e I c r : g f a » e l e c t o r a l t i c k e t . W m . C . C r a n e w a swail.lsjboo^swi-'M.***500 Tile Wide AwaSte Demonstration Last* Night. !Litxte^ant Governor. The effect of thi» fusionin the procession o f the black republican clubs known a s Wide A wakes. The parade was o o f so great in numbers as its projectors anticipated; itwould be,butitwas still verylarge,and] unless clcselv criticised, somewhat imposing) There could bo only one opinion as to theS*.A»-<AH.Oct. :•t asefaaaged r«i«can party, citicg facts in any way that suitshisfnintheminuteness with which everything con- purpose,regardlesswhether truth willor will havepreventedhim fromcarrying outthefullOrleans papers will be found deeply interestingrole, bat her performance was, neverthelat, graceful aad promising;itindicatedverygreatimprovement,aadws h a l l b e s u r p r i s e d IT, a t n o d i s t a n t d a y , M i s s P a t t i d o s t no* Became one of the first lyric actresses of the day. She was well sustained last night by BrigooH aad Ferr.n e c t e d w i t h t h e s a d a n d t r a g i c e n d o f t h a t u n -fortunate man is detailed. His last speech wascharacteristic—brief, manly and honest; nothing terpretation on his course—as, for instance, the consummation of the great k tlat he could be more edifying than the Christian andheroic manner in which he met that death whichhu re.-tless nature seemed to conrt, and his wild, eventful career was sure to find. All through the excitingsceneofhisimprisonment andexecution, the people of Honduras behaved with a respect and humanity which dothem infinite credit;and v. e hear of no insult to Walker, living or dead, or any of his followers, from any source which canbe considered reliable.We have received letters from Monterey, with datestoSeptember8.Affairsinthatquarterof the Mexican republic were tranquil, no further attempt having been made to disturb the govern- ment o f Vidaurri, who h a d sent his troops to SanLais under Colonel Queiroga, in consequence of which movement General Degollado has madetLat Oga/on (literal) had been badly whipped at Guadalajara by General Woll. The report needs official confirmation.The United States steam frigate Niagara, with the Japanese Ambassadors on board, arrived at boando, Africa, the first week ia August. All weil.one time thought the halls of the Montezumas were de?tlned to be the central seat of power of Anglicizedracesonthiscontinent,butthatlately he had changed his opinion, and now believed that the head waters of theMississippi, some- where about wUere SL Paul is located, were to be that great centre. And then again w e adopt the second interpretation, when ?ome bold statement in utter perversion of fact issuesfromhislips. Wecannotascribehis misstatements to ignorance, for a man of bis at- tainments should not b e ignorant regarding his own country; weare loth to ascribe them to athe liberation of Rome and Yenic ,,He Breaks about—otherwise the Wide Awake parade with them abruptly, as he b with them amounted: to nothing. A s for any politicalential ideas of the present changeful age—the On Friday Patti will essay another new part, L.adad; idea of satisfied nationalities—which no go- Chamounii The present season will does on MeadsTheshipBrie,inchargeofLieutenantJ.W.[sei-ticnisthatsocietyintheSouth,ascompared Thmmington and a prize crew, arrived at this port j with that in the North, has been a failure, andyesterdayfromthecoa;"tofAfrica. TheEriewasjIsnownotcrzlyanon-progressive, butaretro- captured on the 8th of August by the United States grade state of existence. Assuming this pre-bteatntr Mohican,with enslaves on boaril. Tlurty i mise, he insists that slavery is the cause ofcr the negro* •* died on the passage from the placec; capture to Monrovia, where the survivors were ! the failure of this social experiment,ta.ided. Threepri-oners.supposedtobethecap-IandthatthereforeitmustberootedoutWith tain and first and third mates of the Krie. were out g"cing into tiresome details of production,brought hornet in the vessel. The asual lejral pro- ; trade and material progress, w e need only to ceedings in reference to the ship took place at the \ present the great facts of the growth of popula-District Attorney's office yesterday, and warrants were issued for the detention of the prisoners.IL.-s Joseph|ne Clifton Lyon, whose remarkable hist ry and attempt at suicide was given in the Hi.. M.'Jof Tuesday, was, at- our latest advices last evening, still living, but hi a dangerous condition."sorf;for, amountDr.Burdickinformsusthathebaaslighthopesofter recovery, and that there were several favorable tions are well or ill adapted to the moral and byraptomaduringthedayyesterday.Shehaabeenphysicalwantsofitspopulation.MONET >OR PENXSTLVANU.—TJha Chevalier Webbestimatesthegrossamountoffundscol-cost of the time suffering intensely; owing to the localityofth«)woundherbreathinghasbeenat- temled with severe pain.tion of the success of Garibaldi's Ibntemplated attack upon Venice hinges oniie partthatPennsylvania October election at a millionThe grsjat trot between Flora Temple and George M. Patchen,qver theElmiracoarse,for$2,000,mileheats, best three! ia Ave, took place this afternoon. Flora waa the winner in three straight heats. Time 2:30J 2 31 >, and 2 30. The trot was witnessed by upward? of 16,000 peo-The royal party waa received at the depot by Gen Ca-e and two nephews of the President, and then drove to the White House, where in a hearty aad iaicroul maqner the Chief Magistrate extended. Since that time the population of the country has anniented through three separate causes: — 1Nit.irulincrease-2.Immigration;S.Impor-be would, recede from the poli# fjiat he baa hitherto pursued in connection wyh ^er.SEWARD CONFESSES HIS FRATIIISITY.WITHJOHN BBOWN.—In his speech at fj |cagd,tW0 ; been collected^n both sides for the party causeat three P. U., upon tbe same conditions.were never reachet and won the heat and race by fourt i e mwards the company, which Included some thirtyguests,consistingofthemembersofthesuiteand othertwobeinginfluencedbyextraneouscauses. theCabinetofiieers,withtheirladies,satdownto Thereforewemustseparatetheresultsofim- a superb banquet, and the evening was spent ina migration and importation from the present sceiablemannerinoneof thespaciousparlorsofthe White House. T h e proceedings were markedby both dignity and informality, and wore of sucha eature a* reflected credit on the country and theoArican slave, continued om, eighteen years, i there were not more than about ten thousand j ceasing in 1S0S:—• " • - .** Aorta, »i*X>,QC0M»,woit, aftetall,snchabig thing as peoplebad led to expect. Instead of thirty thousandPennsivmiani A Ft MAI.I K*. -AKT.—An examination on Friiay morn Iing waaheld by Ma|6r Macbethof oneMrs.Gatherje I Bottsford. a female of rather prepossessing appearance, , charged by several respectable citizens with uttering atddisseminating among our stave population seditious sec- I timentt. During t h e investigation s h e admitted enterthe whole! procession. •* will be seen by the J f.gnres we gi4e elsewhere. The display was 'a very fi:.t f :n on thje whole. The streets wore crowded; j I ! :. f peeptf were <old and wanting in eathut;- >a- . T!eaffair'as,teduntilalatehour,andeloaeJiL a bvfgh:!}' attempt at a review at l':ii*a at thirty millions, although in the ultimate re-n o t s u s t a i n h i s s t a t e m e n t s .We are sometimes inclined to put the first in-tation of Africans. Of these the first only de- pend? upon the law of social welfare, thea welcome*'0 and I860, are given In the following table The Wide JAwake demonstration of last night a. nearlyas we canapproximate thefiguilaVt othe nationalcapital.After-a?gregatesbeforeweseektheinfluence""*ofthe social state upon thegrowth of population. The increase from these t w o causes, betweenwithJohnBrown:—Thefirstaadoply tine,that Iever sawhim waswhan hecalleduponmeaftertheabrogationiftheWsaoari conpromiae. He asked me what I thought of the future*stick inthepocketsofthedisbursingagents, gymen:<ndlavmenspoke,someiavoringaprudentgoing assuming that such fellows as Forney^ of the forvfard as new demands for labor arise, andothers urgingastrictlimitingoftheexpend.turestothereceipts. Philadelphia Prats, andthehungrycliqueof ThePrudentialCommitteeexpressedtheirdeterminationof itemg the beet deuUe team drivers of the day to be w?i! founded. The time made was the host ever made on tbe Union track at mile heats fur double teams.*rMMARY.KMOXCOK3S,L.1 rrotting, double team, mattaNorth8,010,000 40,000So.t1,1.C00OC0 660,000through a1 magnifying medium. Hence, as a »Flora Temple and Patchen to trot their horses on Friday,",*iU * ""^bered that the importationofImmigrationImportation ot Africans.,..Tctm!In South.800,000 70,000iforSewardhad noneedtoplotwitl Forbesatse-TheboilerinthePrestonMills,atManayunk.exploded:miningtheabolitionsentmenuattributedtoher,and0::r present,population maybe eetimatedUntitled DocumentNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1860.-^RnfLJ SHEET.JL.at Albany yesterday to deliberate upon t_e pro distributed between the tortheraAnd So*twsm Seward, in giving to the worfd | M M t t MOMtaary*. Icr:r.2JLS,Gci.8ofUseiminiWwtnantu•arkcta.erxLajmuraiA STOCK SOAKS. tanarai/XU trt $A liiotioA was made in the Supreme Court jester-*?*<AM day by Mr. P . Byrae to appoint Mr. Benjamin F . population in the South, and the slave popula-8c to 11.".cj.Pour stfadyMarket caster. i«"»""g^gBea> __^ BAUUMSS,Oct.8.IMS."Camp, a wealth^ and well known citizeat to be tion, having augmented from 6G0>0u(> tc* 4,000,- receiver of the Artisans' Bank. The application 000, exhibits precisely the samejratio. What.Wheat active: red at 81 ^ s $1 «V «tHUtras opposed by coWel representing some of the shareholders, t a the ground that Mr. Camp was a director at the timecf the suspension of the bank.The Judge was disposed, from the well known andunexceptionable character of Mr. Camp, to ap-sad yellow at «8*. a Tin. PrortaioM dull sad uacaaaawL then, becomes of Senator Sewa|d| reiterated beauty of the spectacle, as the line of Ught-^ex-f foe prospect,, then, ©f3theU defeat in New Lard lower, at iSc CafTee arm. Whiakey steaaretsilcur despatches from there state that the Breckin- KFW BOWERY THEATRE. Bowery.-Covatsn <»' L T > ridge candidates have swept the State.tributed almost exclusively to t h ^ o r t a , while the South has been almost entire^ cut off fromcal associations organized for the purposes of should fail to come up to the mark next Tues- parade and cutside show. Many a,man who day, New York may still turn the tide of the never voted till 131S can remember Carrying a battle, and, in a single decisive blow, establish banner in 1&10,or shouting for Polk and the peace and harmony of the country. Mr. Dallas cr HarryClayin 1814. Thereiaape- Seward promises New York to Lincoln by culiar fascination about''W semi military or- J60|pt>0 majority. We know, from the official ganization, drill and uniform of the Wide refirns of our elections, that there was a posi-o»«-otu» or Ura—Kiae orC L C»*S The market for beef cattle waswithout materialthe present social constitution o f Ijjbe Southern well grou-tled. He,however, reserved bis de-^States,throughthenaturalproems**ofdecayot less than sixty thousand to start upon; to Orv, wltb »r«a.: atock: lim, 14>.e n M .'c Whisiw firm at iU. mSSfce. Provisions unchwgw. ^ ^I f w e d a d u c t f r o m t h s N o r t h * * p o p u l a t i o n thefacceaaion it has received thrdu|h immigra- tion, w e find that the natural increase during the past seventy years is sixfold. The same ratio holds good in the Increase of ta4| whiteflWdalacsubstitutedforvm.I".Allen,ascandidatefor andpleasuresofanothersensationlastevening] PectiiSThwaiaBaUroad,su-,'.Sigfa;ssasaajiassertionofthesuperiorincrease|o|theNorth, tending from Astor place, down Broadway, \¥ork, inNovember,is goodand encouraging. of the decay of the South, and of tfh§ probabili- around tie Park and up the Bowery £o Fourth, ^>ur conservative forces have a popular ma-a $3>ie. " * • PJ."it'CPHu.ciets.mm}lour dull. Wbeat scarce and ladcBaaai *t.t* si ua $1 tO; red, $1 30 a 8; 85 Corn daU aad pi* Ay *i TicrequestNISLO'S SALOON. Broadway.-lloourt; * CAsrastL'S ia nbahdact supply, and about 25c. a C7c. per be no doubt that the Jncrea^i Jof produc- Awakes, which attract- to their ranks thousandsMramiui t* BTMOJ-LUI Soses, Boauawai DASCSS, _ c - ViaauuA Moaar.head lower. Swiae were also very plenty but ac- tive, ;ihd i c per pound higher. The total receipts were4,1iZbeefcattle,168cows,757veils,l6,64o' sheepaudUILLS,and7,739swine.cf young men between the ages of eighteen and twenty-one, and although it may be alleged that only voters arereceived a3membersofthe clubs,such astatement willdeceivenooneformajojrity of our popular vote of seme 00 cast against the republicans in 185t;, and they have fallen largely short of their voteCAWTKRBCBT Dtixi, Bcauuwna.Ac.HJT.1^t oBroadway.— SososMUSICTRIPLE SHEET. R a w Y osM, T h m r t t e r , <Jctobex 4 , 1869.Tin Hewe.thefiguresastheyexistto-day.notwithstandingTie cotton market yesterday was rather more active, an adverse legislation for sixty years* prove a ccxenti because, admitting that the oracers of fact* and figures; and if our conservatives of 14.0C0 b;»c<> tic 1 VHwmnkeo olub at $1 14 \. 4 MSwit', vigor.suspended, probably in order to arrange the terms tive and prices favored purchasers; new mess sold at ottiecapitulationofthegarrison. $1012Ha$19SO,aadnewprimeat$1440a$146S>,'.O P THE STKAalSHiP CAHA Wlit.Hostilities, at last accounts, had heeaat 70c, and round yellow at 76c. a 76c.Fork was lea ac-one in their minor gatherings ofs|flfe people.a t previousirates. S l e e p and lambs wereTheKiujtofSardiniahaddecidedtogotoNaples SugarsweresteadyaadIngoodrequest,withsalsaorSOOAt London consoU were quoted at 93fa93L buds,aad460boxesatratesgiveninanotherplace. Cof BETWEEN GAKIBAI.IU AND THE 'Wps C.vsgNEi.t—wa3constitutedtobecarefullyscrutinized,and inghim. ItisevidentthatWalkerlookedupon A.al.,reachingHavanaontheeveningofthe27in,atisevenints-day'»papier. ThesteamshipKarnak,CaptainBrownless,ar-takenuptoloadwith$0,000bushelswheat,wasreport edonprivateterms.Batesto.Havrewereunchanged.' TotalnumberofWideAwakesinprocession.10,701wasended. Heiseven reported tohavesaid? Exchange—OnI/mdon,8X»da;s.15aU\ipremium:oarived trom Havana. Nassau, N . P., and Kingston,JX:.-ica,la^tevening,withdatesfromthelatter Seward's Perverelom of Facts—The theconvenienceordiplomaticObligationsof Tnesumtotalexpendedforthedemonstra-to i e 13th u|». The inquest on Captaiu Beaton, of tl. • Iark Alvhrado, haduot been concluded. There »•> :.o news.Growth of t h e North and Sooth Cum- tion estimated at .$70,2;>0 pared. either. -Some for the Romans, ^'enice for theIn his popularity-seeking campaign in the Venetians, and Italy one and indj Visible, art his So far as the metropolis is concerned the WideACADBUV OF argici—Adeline Pattl, is the latest, tbe freshest,and,inamusicalpointofview,thebeetofthety that w e shall witness an earl| extinction ofjority, Including the reserved vote, of, perhap?, a7& Timothy t*ed adtaoced to $2 a S8 If H Cat* !Amir!.OctS—Ip.H Wheat—Sales 8,0X0 buahe'.i, at $1 5* tar old alicb«aa. Barley 6\Y. aa\* 6,000 busbets, Canada Bast at 76c f t inferiorana88":orchoice2.000bashelsStateat7fc Corp—*•>« at 67c for Wratera mixed, to arrive. Oat*-Bales00,CCOb'jshels.atZC'4e forState.BTTAIO, Oct. 3—1 P.M r.our unchanged Wheat lets firm, aad demand ass-derate.aalesS000bushelsKo2at$108;110,000busk els red wlster Ohio aid Mctoigan at $1 14-, a »1 U •ore clossd better; sales £0.000 bushels, at 85c. aMt Oats l c higher sales 7.CC0 baane*, at U s oaaaj freights weaker—16>{c. on wheat, 14;,c. oa com toies York Lake import*—16 000 bbte :.ou*93.000 busies] wtisat, IcC.OIO buabeiscorm, u-,000 mBwis oats, 7jM| l u s h e i s b a r l e y , 1 COO b a s h e ' s r y e . C a n a l e x p o r t s — S t J M jbashclB wheat, 65,000 bushels com, 14.080 Staask barBCF>ALO. Oct S-8 P M. Floor steafr: demand moderate. Wheat qciet aal atrady: aalesj 6,600 bushels No. 2 Chlcsgo print si$1 PS; 1.9C0 bushels red winter, Ohio, Michigan u d 4a. dianat$114tja$115 Cornfinserasdingooddetraaa sairt 4*,0u0 bushels ait Sac a 66c Cats better sale) 17,000 tniLe' at 27^c a LSc Barkv steady saiei 7.0CC bofhels Cssads at 6sc. Whiskey steady sales 4) bbls. stil^c per gailoa. Canal (reighU—flour, 64c ,;vwheat, 15>ic. a 16c., asd corn, 14,iC. a ll.'«' to KrsYork Lakeimportfi today—11.000 bbls floor, 9O0«t bushels wheat, 20.000 bttsbsls oats. 80,080 botuels bar. ley, 18 000 bushels rya. Cacal expert—2.000 bbh flour, 6,400 bcshe^S wheat, i.3OC0 bushel- torn, 11.908 buihsis cats.favenue and Union square—flashed ^ippn the|crowds which filled the great thoroughfares andmadeup aootrp(Vce'l,the brilliancyofwhich|on one side and prosperity on thfl other* They could not b e surpassed, if equalled, anywhere uraers, late o f t h e republican camp, but who: The grand Union mass meeting which is to cfojneoff in this city next week will give a As election for Governor and member of Con- its efforts to the productive capacity of the (and m many instaaees a very large part) powerful impulse to the movement throogh-The Board of Education had no quorum last tion has been almost exclusively «pf to be very much oferrated. Inthe first place,eveatEg, and consequently no meeting took place. laboring population, which b^as addeUl the city clubsrare composed ia partU t R l K H E S r S T H K A T S * . M o . S M B r o a d w a y . - g r e s s t o c k p l a c e i n F l o r i d a o n M o n d a y l a s t , a n d c o u n t r y . W e h a v e s e e n t h a t t h U , h a s b e a n c o n o f n o n - v o t e r s . T a i 3 i s t h e c a s e w i t h a l l p o l i t i - o u t t h e S t a t e ; a n d t h u s , t h o u g h P e n n s y l v a n i aBAErrCM'S AJTRRICAX MtJSETTM. Broa/rway.-Oay and iLange. though the receipts were very heavy, and obtaining b y importation an a^ila.Ia^cg in- E-.'ta.rj—Joeara A*V HIS Banaama—Urin Ctnuoai- the averse price a trifle lower. Therange, how- crease to its labor. Had the inpoitation of*iaa, *o. _______ BRTAKTWMINSTRELS,Meehaatos'HaB, 478 Broadway.-B7M*S4BBS, Sosus, Daaoia, ao.-Scxasa AT PIIAUM a..— —- '• «•ever, w is much the same as last week. Milch African slaves been left |>p|n._*as hascows were steady. Veals were plenty, bat in fairthat of the supply *of lalprf fro$* Eu-tion, exchange and consumption!^ the Soul!;.as well as of population, would"|iate emailed.ifitdid notsurpass,that ofth|North. 5utrope to the Northern Statt^,| there canw'.'..: sales ot about S,000 balei,closing steady on thebasisof 10,'4c. a 10"»c.formiddling uplands. Included in the that the social law of the Southj* as beneficent tie clubs were sincere in enforcing the rule,bushed ditto at $1 16. 6,000 bashels ditto on pn*at* all iarties will only come out to the work, they trnbs; S,CCS bushels N'o. 1 Chicago spring st 81 1'«, 4,i00 buabeis No 2 ditto, slighttf damaged, 05c Cwa (fanlturnMr.Seward's00,000majorityagainst steodj aa.es18,0X0bushelsIllinoisatSOCyparttiar-aim| because they have the materials at their r.ra. Barley unchanged sales 8,0X0 bushel* priceT« recto a t 76c ; 7,600 bushels ditto o a private terms. Kr« o|crakand with which to do the work. New inlimited demand: sales i,000 bushels Oanadiui at-etc Versliasthepower. Letherexertit,andtheOatsquirt. Canalfreightsonchanead—lloarDSc,wheatsaleswere1.-00balesnewcotton,intransit,onprivate initsoperationasisthatofthe&<|:th,1Socialterai5. MJlsg Gull gradesweresaidtobescarce and evils, the separation of families!'esses ti indi- ja candidate ha- really a right to vote or not. wanted Theflourmarketwasless buoyantandactive, vidual wrong and oppression,ItHtJnio,destitu- Then, again, in reference to the demonstrationThesteam-hip<"onnaujrht,whichleftGalwayonaadthep-:ceaofcommonandmediumgradesofState tionandmoralperversion,aresp|bundantin oflastnight,itmustberecollectedthatthethe-ithoil.,arrivedatSt.John*.N.F..atthree.LtdWesternwerelathereasier.Southernflourwasin 10c.andcornSe.a»«fo.toNearYork.Wmimportsta-steady ro•,uestfordomejtic useandforexport. Medium Northern asthey are in Southeigi fjociety, and prcceasiqa was made up in a good degreeday—194 bbls. flour, 84400 bushels \.heal, 5,4i0 bosh«s bariej. Canal exports—2,960 bbls flour, 27,600 bushels wheat, 12 EOO bushels c o n .KER'S LAST SrEKCH.—Our Truviilo cor-pfcndence gives the last speech of Walker F.burdull: superflae, $5 a $6 15. lUrktta geh<*rallfo'clock yesterday incrning. She brings two day* and extra grades were steady, while mixed aad com- can be as easily found if soughtjfThetiagge-from the rural districts—delegations broughthere free cf expense to themselves, en-iater European news.mon braada were easier. Wheat was less active, rations and misstatements ofCrjrcjrjuTi, Oct. 5, I860.It itstated that the Sardinian ships-of war bad but steady for red and winter Western, while otherboial__rded Anrona, the place occupied by Ueneral gra * •« -x »-e rather heavy at unchanged prices. Corn his followers belong t o thatsysilewasd and tertained at the cost of the New York re- ^of argumentrevlous to his execution, aud it is an extra- rdinary one. H e disclaimed any intention to i.iufe the people of Honduras, and lays theguilt of his attack upon that republic on theunclianged. Weather warm.(Ifwi from II*vaI-amorkiere, the Commander-in-Chief of the Papal •firmer, with moderate sales. Sound Western which leads them to utter on thing IfiCcn- publicans, and treated to the great delight offorce«, for nine hours, to which the fortress replied mlied stoat goldj at Mo. a 70c., and from store gress and conventions and a t^sfly differentthe Yankee heart—a gratuitous spree, In order that the ityrak cf last night's demonstration may b e thoroughly appreciated, w e haveARKIVAXThe United States mail steamship Gahawba, J.Wp u r p o s e o r h i s e x p e d i t i o n b y t h e e v j p & l s i o n o f t h eBourbons from Naples. Again thef setk todefeat Btrels. They gratified their own vanity, pleasedend to the school of filibusterism which he de-v e l o p e d . T h e g r e a t e r r o r o f h i s p o l i c y w a stLat it was not animated b y a sympathy with,and did not seek to cultivate the attachment of,th% people it aimed to rule. Walker failed to Tbe former waa in fine voice, aad song alt his rivals comprehend one of the most active and influ- outoftbe field.the ladies, tickled the children, and gave the when he tells the people of S t Paul that he at has in hand by interposing bet him and street loungers something to look at and talktwicebe/ore,whenhefound thatnot liein the same direction asimpolitic that he should do so i|| Ihe present instance, but it is, at least, consis^bi and is. in a measure, justified by the suhitherto attended the indeper.dehis own wil)Thuswefindbroughtintodire*tconrljctthe views o f the more moderate mindefl o f the Ita- lian revolutionists who are contejjPjWith tnere- sults already achieved, and of tij w?who, con- curring with Garibaldi a n d the [ #|ras. think thatItalianunityisbutashama! .| delusioneffect that may have been hoped for from this affairtheWideAwakes mayaswellhave beenfast asleep. Thefrvotere of the city. of N ew York are against Sewardi-m, in the proportion of at least three to one, and no sach Lnonseuse as midnight parades of email boys land abo- litionists from the rural districts will! gain o n e vote for Lincoln and Hamlin. So the Wide Awakes might as well have saved their time, oil and money.ADVENT OF THE INPIAN SUMMER.—After seve- ral days of miserable weather, presaging the prematurearrivalofwinter,andsuggestiveofj v I l f a l P i n i o n of the truth, for one in hispositionshouldnotbesounguarded:wecantherefore only believe that they are the result unless Rome and Venice are brouj kjkithfn the Presides and stay-at-home evenings, the IndianThere were several bids for carrying the mails from Charleston to Key West and Havana. The Postmaster General today awarded the contract to M. C. Mordecai, hecce t h e ste&oier Isabel will again b e placed on the roflte. Certificates were exhibited to the department to shdw that she has had thorough repair aad satisfactory examination, and possesses water tight compartmentsoversarestobiraforasettlementoftheirpersonaldiderencen. Preparations were making at Monte-rey for the annu.il fair,which, fiom the disturbedatate of the country, w a i expected to be very dif-ferentfromitspredecessors. Itwasreportedthere!raloccasionswehare shownthefallacyofhisaad.allmodernimprovements. Shewill leaveNewYork on the 12th. reaching Charleston on the 15th, to en- Ave, came off yesterday on the I nion Course, Long Islandof anunwise partisan zeal, which blinds himto facts tlat militate against his theory. On seve-circle of itsoperation. Victor E jaauel, theresummer has fairly dawned upon us', For a week or mcjre the weather had been alternately nippinguswithfrostandcoldchills,orsuicidalter Onher regular trips.I ,'i .awsvLAji Aproumtmrr,. m . TLfePresidenthasappointedRev.AndrewG.Carothers,The match was between Horace F.Jonas' lay ^ i s g Putnam and mate and Sam McLau^htiue sorrel geld.a., Jim and mate. The two horses arc well known tj be very fast ins.ngleharness,andarecomderedasItegIthelatur idFarini. assertions—as for instance yesterday, in regard who believe that the limits prescril idUt»yFrance to the revolution are the safest forf fhk interests of Sardinia. They regard with | j>| rehension theprospectofanother strugglef[ifjiAtotria,ihimupontiegeneralissue,inwhichheiscom-jpletelyandthoroughlyinthewrcng.Thegeneralaimofallhisargumentandas- separation from French policy |o|ld placeto the employment of slave labor in manufac-in its dampj-dull, drizzling character: but now pastlr of the Assembly's church, Washington, Consul at prttty equally matched in that respect: they areaio reminiscences of summer come back agrain. and Tursfs ls'.tnd. Lioth regarded as being fast at the pole alc.,-..ph;.Q seI ttiriBg processes; and now w e propose to takepeople begin to feel that the trees have not yetlost their leafy beaulfce northesunits genial warmth. -1 ^Itiswell,tbatthecurtaincfrni9tand damp- nesshasbeenliftedjustnow,foritwouldnever do for the skies to shroud all our political andHiram At'»ns was not removed, as has been stated, lected tue black mare Belle of Saratoga, as the nnte'f from]the Ponmastership at Bellow's Falls, Vt., but re- his horse, while the sorrel mare Columbia wascboaec b*is reason to believe, inclines to opinion,butiscontrolledbyCavounder the different circumstance^|itjwMch aresillgfbetd. HThe Newlark State Fair.I „ SXMIRA,N.Y.,Oct.3,1860. Al|hougl|theweatheropenedunfavorablythismorn- be dajf for tbe most part has been unusually One. 25,(301strangersareintown,andotheracontinueto TSe iirst day of the State Fair may be set downmpiste success.ernor Morgan and flon. Anson BurliBgame visitedthe grounds this morning. GovernorSewardsArabianhorseswereexhibitedatHorace.'onestogowithPutna:.. Therewasalargeat- tendanceoftrottingandsportingmenpresent^acdav^ry largeamountofm-?nercaiBgcdhandsontheoccasion.Tbetrackwasinadmirablecondition,aadtue-da.-fs vorabie for fast time. Some " time" bets were boo»<nl as low a s t w o minutes thirty eijjht seconds be:n^ mar» ed. The team, of Horace Jones was tbe favorite it the bettidg which commenced at $100 to $80 on Putna;:. and mate, but after scoring once or twice, their superor steadiness and style of going was so t v.dent as to cause$110 to $eo to be freely offered on their wianicg.Pint Heal —So numerous were th» unsut essful at tempts at -coring, in cons* nence of the •unsteadi^rsscfHcLaugblia'steam,thatmanyofthebettingr.ea fancied he would end tbe match by paying forfeit, andher. Garibaldi hasnofearsofin his eyes-, Italy united is equal offorcethatAustria,withtheGe:ration at her back, can bring into field.tion to show whether the social institutiorsof either section are worthy of the excessive followed b y insurrectionary risi$§f8 amongst we shall eD;'cy a long spell of fine weather,the aomesic and discretionary departments, in which theyjjare rather abort. In all other respects, the exhibi- tion.,so far, will compare with the best.Theentries to the mechanic*; aepartment are nume- rous, and the machinery, implements, i c , are lu more perfect than have been exhibited at any •revious Fair in theStated-Tie ent^e success of this great exhibition is cow be-" piay cr pay," was currently bet, and taken t« a heav» amcunt A t last they cimc up to the scon ci-ee u>- gvtber, and tbe judgrsgarr the worl "Go' McLaugh- lin who bad the pole, took the lead almost lmac'.atej1atd kept it to tbe ha : mile pole, which waa oast^d uoie a mute twenty seocntfs. The mates of both bars'"* broke repeatedly, causing both Jim and Putnam to g* ucfteady. On rouniing the tarn into the homeftretrh', s^arnbadsuchacommand^2leadastocauseanovr from onewet'known betting mantobet85C>toJ40v that he wruld win. At tbe gate bfwever, &-:u of b*ra trgmbiokesobadlya;-tocarry.urnoffb»!eg«.anlbe fore Sam coul I get both steady to their wr>rx aga.B Horace Jones passed bim. and. drawiug stea ::v away came past tbescoresixlengthsaheadIn2.40-.,Stamd Htat.—h capital start w a s effected, ao i M c- Laughlin took a lesul of half a length. Horace Jonea. who Lad the U.s'de, complained loudly of McLaughlin hold.ag b:s whip tver b:8 (Jones'' near horse in a very ob:ev- tiocable manner Sam went ahead to tbe flrst turn, wnea Be; ecfi?arawjfa broke aod JOBBB passed hum. IhebJark ttsre broke so often atd so badly as to carry Jim w;io ter, snd Horace drew gradually away until it seemed al- most certain that the other would be shutout. Sam.bowever. managed to prevent such a result, but w:th no- tbmg to snare, Jones winning tue heat in 2:40.Tkird Ileal —It was now any odds on Horace Jcnes wmaiog,andtheoddsof$100to$10couldcottempt any one < bet against bim fbey got o" weil, but Jlsspraise or condemnation which be allot- to* them. them as in 1848. A s to Rome, th^ight of the which will see us fairly over the fall season,Seek ty Is intimately affected by the welfare or suffering of the masses that compose it, and its number-willincreaseordiminishasitsinstitu-and then let Winter do his worstI»ur present national organization dates fiom theyearI'SP.andourfirstcensuswastakenin 17.-0. In that year the total population was,of dollare. Chevalier Ever sinceWesuspect, however, tjhat theThe Prince of Wales, after leaving Harriaburg, in round numbers, tour millions, distributed as other continental Powers hasteninj ' «o the as-w_ere he received an addresa from the (lovernor,and w a s most hospitably entertained, took h is departure for WaaWagton, where he arrived yes- Fife terday afternoon, about half-past four o'clock Slav?sistance of Austria. It ia our bj!lif1f thatthestability of bis own throne is so b| juid "P with United States Bank, Webb, when money has Storms.fo lows:--days since, Senator Seward madeef followingconcerned in this Pennsylvania October elec-engaged in discussing tbe causes of the late debt and thethinghim.W enowhavet h eexplanation£ ^ cond hand, for he knew the oi gihal platter,thia morning, scalding several operatives, one of them of being a n admirer o f John Brown. S h e denied, bow- We look to the sound, independent, unbougbt, fatally. Considerable damage was also done to the pro- ever, any attempt to circnlate her opinions. The evidence:raisssdid It maybe.vernment can ignore with safety to itself.* I SEWS FROM THE IfATHHIsX CAPITiL.next.Aurm.i Movurxjrre—Carl Formes, the celebrate basso, arrived in tbe Saxonia yesterday. He is engaged at the Academy of Music. Mile Sassi, s contralto, eu- gaged for the Cor tee i troupe, arrived » y the same ship Miss Adelaide Phillips is singing witn the Cortes!troupe at Boston. 8ignor Stigeili is engaged for the same coJI P*«^The Tart tiMATDOCBLFT-:VMTBOTTIMi MATCEFO»ONgT3C -SAKD VOLLAAS^-Bg \ • Y BETTiNO A>*1> U'NPBaOI- OaWTKD FAST TIME MADK.A very eveiling and interesting double team trotting match,foronethousanddollars,mill-heats,bestthree;athat has assertion ofjWAsaafcTos. Oct. 8, 1360. CHS ctLABixsToar ASD KSV w a n M i.:, COMSACI.they can have n c means, c f ascertaining whethercoftfede- festivedemonstrations ingloom. This isthe season of Wide Awake processions and royalThis is a critical state of thing^ land it isrendered doubly hazardous to t i e peace ofEurope bytheInfluence which/fislikolytoexercbe in Germany and Hungary! T h e e y wofthepeopleofbothcountriesar^attentivelyfixed upon the movements of Garjifcldi, and an sorry affair should Jupiter Pluvius preside upon attack upon Venice will in all p||babilfty be the occasion. But there is every prospect thathe Simon Pure traitor. The mat her in which make good the election of Foster on TuesdaySeward repeats Brown's language to him shows next by a heavy majority, and if they do thisThe Kuropa Oatward Bonn- i. BOfeT is, Oct. .' 1>60.trate Kaaapaux, whocommitted her tojail. The accusedi his appreciation of the fanatic. < Noman tellsOctober State election will b e as decisive' as itduring which t me she has followed the occupation of a 1 re-amstreiM'. Sb» aJso states that she bad hop*-: tc obta.n13069www.fultonhistory.comTt-r-S w A a a a a h i nITnaivisits. The demonstration of last night would have lost half its picturesqueBess had the rain beenfallingintorrents,andthegrandmilitary>' I I.I I 1 I mmm,l.»..: II, .. :— ',ilMIU.'-J l^»"-WSgWi,— ^TM" ='L ^..WW*WfWSJS£W*SSWSJSmith commander, arrived here yesterday morning at s.x THE FRENCHCRISISINITAL|*-1)I>FafuexcES causedtheelementsofwhichtherjrocession"peopleofRuatan,whomheaccusesofmislead- o'clock,havingleftNewOrleansonthe25thalt.ateightfeewasfirm,withmoderatetransactions. Freightswere Thedemandsreported tohave *enaddressed thereaultoftheobservationsofour reporters rathereasierforLiverpool. Amongtheengagementsto toVictorEmanuelbyGaribaldi$penupanew issummedupinthesubjoinedtable:—Ruatanmerelyasastartingpoint,andHondu- eightP.M,Tromwhence shetookherdepartureforthis rasasatransit route forbisdesigns uponNi- portatnoonontbe28th.TheLiverpoolcotx>nmarketwasfirm,whilebread- sttilsexbilftedannpwardtendency.The Arago and Saxoni* arrived a t this port yea- terJay.withdetail-ofEuropeanAdvicestothel:»th3,000bbls.flourat9s.3d.,andcheeseat46a.AndtoSardinianinterventioninthefjjomanStatesCitv... lift. Aninterestingcompilationoftheintelligence London 1c00boxescheeseat60s. AvesselfarGlasgow, wastoheadoff therevolution j1statthepoint CountryT h e r e w a s n o d i n g u e w t o r e p o r t a t H a v a n a ; t h e h e a l t h of that eity was perfect.t h a t p o r t w e r e t o m e 4 0 , 0 0 0 a 6 0 CO O b u s h e l s w h e a t , i n p h a s e o f t h e I t a l i a n q u e s t i o n . j f T h e o b j e c t o fTOTALNUMBER O F CLCB8.c a r a g u a ; a n d h i s f a i l u r e i n a t t e m p t i n g t o p a s s p throughthatrepublicconvincedhimthatthe'ship's bags, at ll.^'d., with OM "bin" reported at 13d.which suited the policy of the] tjabinets of theTuileriesandTurin,buttheDfctatccwillnetOf t!.e3e the number of voters (estimated;was. ..7,ooothisinsomany wordsto*thepriestwhoat- tended him previous to his execution. There isreasontosupposethat,beforeheleftthis Country, he believed his aims and policy re- garding Nicaragua'had the sanction of Louis Napoleon,andthatifhecouldsucceed inre-NewjYork,00days,Za6do,onN'earOrleans.60days, 5a 6 do.lottedStatesgoldSpercentpremium;Mexica:.do'Ja.-t 12 per cent premium.suffer himself to b e arrested I f his course b y Leaving non-voters8,701Northwest,SenatorSewardseemsta,Jhaveset watchwords. Indemanding$>[dismissalof Awakegameishardlyworththecandle. TheHavana'i£thult.,arrivedhereyesterdaymorning.averylowestimateontheintelligenceofthe CavourandFarini,heseekstorjmovefromhisrepublicancommitteegaveus'agoodshow.establishinghimselfinthatcountryhewouldTravfatas.ShesungtheverydifficultarianaaieoithaTbesteam-hipCahawba.CaptainSmith,fromSLe Irings oplocal news of any interest.path the chief obstacles that Hand between and paid rcuhdly forit They went out into |eceive at least a moral support from theiirstactdelicious:/- Nothingcouldbefinerthanherexe Vcution of the Cabaidta to which aha gave tbe most vivid artisticcoloring As a matter of course Mia Patti's act ingwantsthepassionate intensityanddramaticeffectpeople of that region of the country, or elseThe execution of Walker is at length a fixed he has made up his mind to a desperate effort him and those objects. They world have foiledthe highway- and byways and brought forth French Emperor. Whatever foundation therethesick,thelame,thehalt andthe blind,and bymean?ofuniforms,lanterns,torches,music and other devices took away a good deal oi c u s t c i : , f r o m t h e t h e a t r e s a " n d t h e n e j g r o m i n -fact,beyondtheshadowofadoubt. TheaccountwepublishthismorningfromtheHavanaandNew inbehalfoftheabolitionizedblackrepubli-him in hisefforts to emanciprae^Sicily,and when he had succeeded in freeinpi(|they Wouldmayhavebeen forthisidea,itcan receivenosupportnow.ThedeathofWalkerputsan withwhichsomeofherpredecessorshaveInvestedthisten dj'CioakJthit morning to an Immense crowd, and thou- PrinceofWalesnextweek would turnouta sand!werefunabletoobtainaviewofthecelebratedani-display which is to welcome the arrival of thePope, and the abandonment of thif^Uy fty theFrench, will spare any further trofble irTthatquarter. Itmattersbutlittle whf)tarajmat:ters maytake,thetemporaljurisdictionflftn« Pontiffisvirtuallyatanend.ThtJwhedejques-lectedonallsidesforthepurposes^ofthe yondadc4bt,Louis Napoleon will takein tkeFsvW o f th elmore thatthan doubles t h e unfortunate subsidys u m . of h isof $;.2^.'jj :.:,, or thereabouts, from the old ple. The track was quite,heavy, owing totherecent rain the independence of Italy, that fc;} fare n o t if been mentioned, has always valued the pile An arrangement has been mada with the owners orpractical financier, he has always fallen^short atthe d a yo fsands ofdollars outside thatState havereckoning.Doubtlesssome thou-TH«The American Board of Missions to day has been chiefly soon broke and the bay geldfag and mate- went ahead,>ngths, in2.l'91£. ThedriviogotbotL Jones and McLaugh- remarkableconfession regarding sisvmmathy tion. Butthelions3hareofitwillbeaptto meanstoavoidasimilarevil. Manydistinguishedcler- linwasuniversallyadmired,andprovedtheirrepstat.onIsaidIwassaddenedaaddeapoadmg7thatIwouldper thePerots-u*r"nian,willbechargedwiththeex- nottoexceedtheprobablereceipts. severe against hope. Be said, "Cheer up, Brother Seward$1X00,milebeats,bestthreein:ve. Horace .!<mes named b. g. Putnam and mate.. 1 1 '• . . . 2 - 2Kansas w u l never be a slave Kate," I took thaii» de-' liberate tttrrey^of the broad fltW;lsaw^free#wu5i the future States of this continent was the neceauty o' thisageandoflaweountryr TM~ am**ttJ wIt will be remembered that when Forbes made bis revelations about the John* Brown raid h e stated that Seward would not d o any-penditure of said funds. The evidence before the Covode Committee shows what Forney \The President, Ber. Dr. Hopkins, preached a meawnal -aa. McLaugbhe named Jim and mateand that the little Forneys o f theare party blood suckers of the same kidney. Such chaps should not be trusted by either side. Nor have w e any faith in these election- eeringtricksofthemoney beggars,any way.henest conservative masses of Pennsylvania to; and affidavits submitted shewed to thecontrary, andate pertybelongingtothemills. :ws5requiredtogivebaittnthesumof$CO0forhergood < behavior. Fa.hng tn this ahe was turned over to saagjsynothingofthenumerousVanBurenbarnjearineverysubsequentelection.Our estimates,therefore,restuponthesolidbasisofOswxuo, Oct. 3—6 P. tL Plc-jTenchanted- Wheat firm, good demaud. uiIfniSrl is safe.Themarketsremainwithoutchange.Thedemaadfor .... & political mission he believed himself tobear freightshasfallenc.':malst j l*ThS entries to the exhibition are very large, exceptin uncer this impression $100 to 820 agajist him wlcn.ng,America*HoardBOSTON,Oct. 3.1860.sermon at night in the Tremoct Temple, sketching tbe riseoftheBoardtoitspresentposition andtheprinciples vb;chhaveshapeditsaction.Sarioas Steam Boiler Explosion. Ph.LAX . . n . A . Oct. v. I860.Tiase, 2 40>»-.2:4C-2 J»ri-o fBflaaiona.? L E w a i f l i s a l a t * a u > A s , $ » V . i on New York at parCultee—SalestodayISO©Oottm—Sales to day 1M0 bales, at prices raoa^JTL*CaABianos, Oct S IMS •rt. i ''.' authority from which they emanated.turns some excess over that may appear; b u t if «c. it will appertain to both sections in nTM!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkelates that she hu resided ic the city about n.ne months, 1 