 of ahamyl, bat who discouraged b y t h e fate that had overtaken h aHa was probably Impressed with {dosttay) had declared In favor It was useless to strug- u y rate, it a certain that the to mainly due to hi» tribe*, auch M the Taapyoa,, territory sti-eichra westward to the ahorea of the , and the Abadxines, the eoatheaetern neighbors of> followed the example of the tetter, 1 of an the namero— raoaa of QrcaenH the only eoa-ithat etui hold out are the Natakbal, on the i of the river Adagoom, and the Shapeooga, who inhabit the country bordering on the pasturage* of, to the unsatan fortreaa of Qagry. Kveu these, It MlClaws* intheUnion, and,Ifree and sovereign States. They mast beNKKTINGOF»ALDUtMAN 5ATT0II, "'vf.^ftHcompletelykeep up with the facta,leavingo a one aide thein the crisis of a nationlong,and suouldbodecided deliberately,positivelyand finally. If you decide to yield to black republican do guana*"-V*pr**1"***-***»«—«»a;«•••»»• «avn»fa» at all hazards, then anticipate them by prohibiting the in-owner* to manumit or remove them trom the State, and i^Lmpromtead to byprovidingthebestaadrarestaaaaa*toyourpowerfor , aad hoped to b e gradual emancipation a n d Manors! o f them beyond to Montgomery from that place, and com our limits. If you decide to give ap all right orIFrom the Brooklyn Times, ^an. » j Thebill.Btredan*.tosSa****.-'•j***' £ -great Bosnia fsnubes who, hke the Dolgoronkys, theGortscbakoaa, and other*, trace their origin to HuntVladimir, the first Christian aotereign of Bumta;aad who,if the ortadDlea of Wtitlmate sauoamino were strictly en-L c o d woaWhsTe aTmhbeetor right to the throne'thanthe reamta* dvnaatr of Romanoff. The grandfather orthe present Oeldmarshal wae that Prince Bariatmeky,who^ede himself inramosa by the part be took intoT aeseanuatioT of the uafortuaate Peter III. Hiafather w a s asms time Baaaten Minister In London,where be married the daughter of an English nobleman.Lars Bherbourn, by whom be had no male tesae; atesecond wife, a Ooaateas Boiler, neioe of the celebratedGeneral Prince WiUgenatein, bore htm a numerous familyof eons and daughter*. The eldest, Alexander, wasc*on Urn thru- hand*; and there is no doubt thai.they will uw it, If necessary, aa their connections with the South give thorn ail posaible interest to preservmg the Union. IT the conflict should reach thte point, they cannot interfere withbeat remedy of that false Union, to which ths righto oftbe minority are made subordinate to tbe interests of themajority section. I trust that It foreshadows the coming tvea and Senators do, and saw aad beard what they do cents for a single passenger, and aold tickets at s i go per tber tbe city of New York nor Brooklyn acabinet of Berlin, after the refusal of England, had made •* assent dependent upon that of oar court, It could not be withheld without unnecessarily offending our powerful ox-enemy and actual ally. Prince Gortachakoff himself waa nothing loath; in fact, it would have been quite cruel to exclude him from attending personally at a di- plomatic gathering which h e h a d a principal hand in bringing about, and aa Count Kisaelefl, who & a sensible maa, aad not too punctilious ia matters of etiquette, waa found willing to forego his prior claims, the afnur has been arranged to the satisfaction of both the French Emperor aad oar own Ministerproperty necessary to the running of tbe ferries wouldtall short of $690,000. In the opinion of Senator Spinolaand others It would fall short of $600,000. Tbey al-lowed to the statement tor eighteen boats, allof ortheferrieswillbeteaseduntil1871,andthebinwillbe which he did not concede to be necessary. In case of null and void if it passes after the leases are sold accord the teases being sold to outer parties, tbe new comers tog to the advertisement Itcannot take effect until ex-i born 4th August, 1843, and te therefore In his seven- ' i year. To reconcile aardmte to his election, it is re- 1thathawouldbeotteredtoMarial'ia,thesecondtor of Victor Kmaaael, who waa born 18th Octo- -.."1847. TheyoungDuke'smother,who,atonethe death of her husband, * privately married to CountGregory Strogaveff, and is now residing at Nice, Is said to be at the bottom of these schemes; bat it remainsvery somas to an end. It is Interesting to us that a good understanding should exist between ths British and Ame- ricangovernmentsandpeople;aaditisperfectlyunder- stood that ths interruptions of cordiality, which have becomemoreandmorefrequentaathedomesticconnictbecame increasingly embarrassing to the Washington Cabinet, are owing to the prevalence of a turbulent spirit in the officers of the Statesions played Harry Axncliffe, but not under con- u a i n> OK> 'PMyni M«I/-V.'» the leading part waaBatterGraybrook;thsleadingmalepartwas Dr. Batcherby, an eccentric comedy character; Barry ArnetoT waaawalkinggentlemen'apart Mr.Jordanfarther stated that Arncliff wra not a leading part The circum- stance* under which he had performed that character be- fore were because at that time tha business after the•u,',Whether the Oriental question will be brought on thethe chance* of Ou Duke of Leuchtenberg for the throne of tories and granaries belonging to abolitionists. This factCtestraiHolyareaawtoerobrym theimcreamthathewill willappearincredibleonlytothosewhoknowwhatthe haproposedbyFrance,agreedtobyPrussia,andnot barbarismoftheextremeSouthis,andwhobearinmindopposed by England, on condition that Russia does not' . upon introducing ihe discussion of any topics con- i wtth Ihe Torkteh empire, which tbe Court of Si. i is excessively averse to have touched upon. A s the "aiok maa" te now in each a state that he cannot be left to himself much longer, oar government will, per- haps, not object to humor England for a while, It by so doing the crown of Etruria sen be secured for a i'rmoa sonearly related to the Imperial family.The Duke of Leuchtenberg, Prince Nicholas Romanoff-that the nlibustorism of the United States is supported by the barbaric element there, the poor and uneducated whites.This leads us on to tbe consideration of our own con- cern In the great conflict now going forward. It is inte- resting to us that the great republic should be a success and not a failure; a genuine r public, aad not a polity compounded of despotism and slavery. It is interesting to us that the Union should endure, and not fall to pieces through an explosion which may be averted. It te tote- resting to us that filibustering practices and indefensible wars should cease; aad it is slavery which breeds suchsarylorrunningtheferries.ThiscompanywaaoiganteedKeene. He stated that he waa refused admittance to the in 1864. As appeared in a sworn statement of Messrs. part of the city were equally Interested to hnvmt low fer-Bfcy, eldest son of the late Duke Maximilian, by the GrandDuchess Mary, daughter of the late Emperor Nicholas,aadgrandsonof EugeneBeaharnais,ViceroyorItaly,brotherofQueenHortense,themotherofNapoleonHi, shouldcease;anditwilloeasewheneverAmericansla-$110,600, and now worth $200,000.street, real estate worth $36,000. amountingto$2$J600;loanedtothecityofNewFork,to be seen whether the Italians, whohavepro-aovnsed so nnmnteieabry m favor of the King of A m e r i c a n A b o l i t i o n i s t E x i l e i n E n g l a n d .SenatorPaosmn—Alltheseitems,addedtothevalueof transmogrifiedintoasleighbymeansofapairofrunners, the ferry property, would make about the alleged capital. and thte tt wa* that made the spectacle rather sat of theSardtata, will relish being handed over to a prince who la quae a stranger to them, and who even professes a diffeoent religion (tbe Greek Catholic). I must add that Russia has not taken any official step to furtherance of this project; on the contrary, I am assured that personalty the Emperor would prefer the restoration of the dispos- sesseddukes,or,ifthiscouldnotbeeffected,theannexa-[FromtheLondonAntiSlaveryAdvocate,Jan.'£.jBlack American exiles are far from ancommoa amongstoa to Liverpool and London; and other parts of Englandare full enough of black men and women to comfort theheart of Two years before the mast Dana, who, in his newbook, "Cuba and Back," speaks of Dr. 8. G. Howe, ofBoston,aa"oneofthe fewheroeswe havehadsinceweinsurrectionandforcing abolition upon theSouth nave been matured and agreed ou b y Northern abolitionists, and have been stealthily circulated to the South for more than a year past—nearly every day since I reached here having disclosed some evidence of that factinorderthatitshouldnot be said that bethrewobsta- cles in ths wsy of the management he accepted the part, stating to the nuaagor (Mr. Burnett) at the time, that he played it under protest, and should not perform it again.Mr.GiLKKKT—Itwould be perceived bytbecommittee thai a large part of tbe capital consisted of investments, over and above the aum necessary tor operating the fer- ries. Taking the company's own estimates of all the pro- perty, wtth the fair assumption that they had exaggerated to some extent, to view of the termination of their lease, tt waeyetabundantlyevidentthattheycouldruntheferriesordinarycourse. Animmensecrowdwaagatheredarouai the dark group, and a rumor gaining circulation that Mr* and Mrs. Johnson, with all the little Johnsons, were veri table fugitives from slavery from ths State of Louisiana, •onsiderable excitement soon began to be manifestedtion of Tuscany to Piedmont. It should be mentioned, lost Kane "—the illustrious Arctic explorer. Those emi-too, that the tetter alternative is recommended by the grants are heroes all, and have proved their title to theMr. Lots, Man Koane.'s agent, deposed that he bad on less than $600,000 capital. It appeared further, from An officer was obliged to interfere, after a short Urns, aadmost prominent organs of the Hnatten press. name, by daring efforts for liberty such as the most*fwhich wtTmLJS-!**L ««•***>* toad back all the enemies of His churcn aad of thte apos- v ! l 2 ^ l t e , 1 * t e t t " m * « * U * * crateacoon^deathtetoofthacity,whowere madefamiliarwtththe perior w any other ferry aooommodauoas to any part of cumstancea.—Auburn (N. Y .) Adcertuer, Jam. 18.and people of the mother countrynrramahsLondonNow*.Jan.87] muchofeventsintheUnitedStatesisrapid,thoughthe organization of Congress is alow. It is our bq' - ^ ^ ' ' S a S J ' S TM "•and then each jodamama are passed on unfaithful adopted by the Roman Catholic prelates at their meeting of the Stole, bat the evil to too in- In Dublin on the 3d November teatpromise the North will give or take, and aa all we a new piece, and the stage manager, if he had the respect served the public to a most satisfactory way, as far nigger dwra" has become quite common within the test need or should demand of Congress, since there of the company, would have a discretion In tbe matter, as the ferry accommodations were concerned. Hete no territory out of which we can make a with certain limits; witness never had seen or read the would not dilate on rumors current to the city, that A SVttlTlVB SLAVE FROM HABFWJt'B FEBBT AT ATto admit of speedy cure. Bribery and corrup- tion is a legacy transmitted to as by the Tartar yoke, aad auralIIItegwhat happens to countries that boastofa more ancient and advanced avihaatao than ours, it is no wonder we and the disease so difficult to eradicateTheHopeaofKaftlnndoattheDissolutionThe following te a translation:—To Oat Vnraum* BEOTUM PACI, AZCHBSBOP or Dos-mr, rra—To oar venerable brother and dearly beloved sons health and our apostolic benediction!Nothing could be more agreeable, nothing more lovely, thanyourtottersbearingdatethe3dofNovemberteat, aad lately delivered to as, which brought to as very great consolation amid the deep sorrowsBlaveholdlDg State. Some, too, who admit our play of "An Unequal Match."right to fall protection of slave property by Con- JamesBurnett, stag*managerofWinterGarden,stated gress In tbe Territories, say It is a mere abstract right, or that Mr. Jordan did not protest against the performancethe uniting these five terries was only a part of a scheme for uniting all the ferries from Gowanusja' Hellgate, under one management, for tbe purpsaf**?lfihPM-NAMOW BbCATB FIOM A CttlfSm „ * „ , MAB8BAL.A fugitive slave from Harpers Ferry came into Auburn[FromtheLondon Post(Governmentorgan)Jab.3JWtthto ths test month toe Victoria Bridge, the greatest triumph of engineering saienoe, has been opened, and the weaitb tf theWnstero State* and of Canada wdl bo carried along the Grand Trunk Railway to the Atlantic terminus at Portland. Canada thaws* to British and pnormcial•^^^^^ss*abas%anms**7agjrttaa^^r^^^^atB^a^B^fc^Ba^saja* sawaaraagp^^onswvg/nassao^r aaasv?*.T»ilw»A-totheworld.Itis,however,greatlytoberegretwhere throughout these letters there shine forth wonderfully your singular faith, piety, love and reverence towards ourselves and the chair of Peter: everywhere your bitter grief displays Itself at the tribulations into which we are plunged by the wicked designs and endea- vorsofthosemanwhowagemostfiercewaragainstthe Catholicchurch,theApostolicthrone,andthspatrimony of StPetor;andwhoareendeavoringtodestroythecy and elevate black republicans to power. Match," te not such a part as should be given to s leading company to .ran the ferry at one cent if tiey could reduce burn. Tbe negro made an incoherent repttTwheu U Now, gents, I will not combat these views by argu- man; the characters of Hamlet, Macbeth, Othello, and tbe accommodation so as to bring the thing within tbe Marshal immediately left The negro went totetheateeetsometimes lago. are considered leading parts. amount He did not know but that the bill would require and saw the Marabal, to company wtth two others, rnatd-For the nrst time we see the shya holatog oligarchy, which has hitherty called itself T h e Sooth, making an appeal mimuericardiam. "We are but 3*0,0*0, scattered through the slave 8tatea,' say the newspaper* to the interest of tbeVirginiaauthorities. Thistetrue,forthissmallmi- nortty has excluded seven tenths of Urn whstejatpoarttoafrom their own monopoly, by gradually depriving them of property, education, aad every qualification for good citi aesabto nnaUy%raaittag them wtth the name of "Mean whltea." It tt quite true to say, "We are bat mfito," but what follows as to the political duty of this minority »Thte brmgs aa to too aext fact After a masting of leading cttisena had beeo held in South Carolina, at which from the Union was proposed to the slave BGovernor of tbe Stat* sent a saamaas to tbeLoftotetor* at the end of the teat a, expressing the gravest alarm at the prospects of the South, and coon* Crrr,Jan.3,I860, note of 19th November last, tivme, during my stay to Montgomery, to "delivermaking it a misdemeanor to eharg* 0 ^ ^ < ^ ^ n e .ki.. •• . ~.i..«.»».»....- iAithirM overk ww wt mt t o•*B V h ti*E ft h ft atw n at » (1 •ar« rt b. hi hiu n aft«m malpobcy. Someof thecrimes. IttetoterestingtousthattheAfricanslavetradeandothercrimestoohorribletomention,and,asstestresort,tocivilandservilewar,bypublishingandcircu- Witnessadmittedthathehadonformerocca- $80,000;loanedonstocks$67,000.Be is religious without cant, modest, cautious ia his use of words, strongly influenced by principle, and. though little acquainted with the technical abolitionists* is filled with abhorrence ot slavery, having witnessed its inhuman,im- pvoeriahtog a n d demoralizing iutluences throughout t h e slave States, even as far sooth as Its chosen home In South Carolina, which he has traversed from and to end. Having had to run for his life, he suffered exceedingly In hia flight through the mountains of Virginia, Philadelphia and New York, amidst many afflicting circumstances of danger anddestitution,untilhefoundhimselfsafeonboardthe British vessel which conveyed him to our shores.their ultimate purpose te to abolish negro slavery, and to theatre; he never had cast a play; at the Interview in tion now given. Therefore it became imperative that the slave State to travel to Canada, where they expected toWhen we add that thte worthy friend and confederate of Captain Brown Is well stricken in years, that be has been obliged to leave a wife and a Urge family to narrow circumstances, and that, owing to fatigue, hardship and anxiety of mind, he was struck during bis voyage across the Atlantic with paralysis of ths right arm, which, for tbe present at least, rentiers blm helpless a n d dependent on the sympathy and assistance of others, we have said enough to ensure for him the kind interest of abolitionistsIn both Houses they frequently remind us of the North- persons had crossed the ferries. Ot the gross receipts from ernnumericalmajorityoftwoteoneovertheSouth,and and that plaintiff sent word back that be tbeferries,81percentwerefromfootpassengers. $660,- menace us with coercion by arms, and the punishment of would rather not perform the character; witness did not 000 per annum were therefore tbe receipts of tbe company traitors, if w e dare seek safety and independence b y se- think there was any leading business to tbe play of the fromfootpassengers. Toruntheferriesatacentandahalf, cession from the Union. Thus the Union is ti be made "Unequal Match;" under tbe contract, witness dil not as Messrs Smith b Stranahan had confessed tbey proDta-passed from tile pockets of the spectators iato the sleigh- boxelthelittleJohnsons,andthephilanthropyseemed to be getting tbe beet of it. While this interesting scene waa at tts height, Johnson pert disappeared,ft Waa r u - mored on a mission to Greeley at the Tribune v**^ He returned shortly, and found his family still in the hand* of a large crowd of friends and enemies Shortly after this the attention of the police was attracted to the soot and on finding that the Johnson family war* the eauin of•mtolinewaanot'continuedexclusively through'territory to Haluax; but thai object wo have a sen foundations of all divine and human right. We could notNEW YORK HERALD. SATURDAY, fANUARY 21, I860,—> wui be aoooaapuahed whenever that general but be greatly dehghtea by these excellent sentiments or°f the States of British North America yours, which, worthy of ait prates as they are, have*J»» -amatter whichhaslongengaged raisedtothehighestpomtourpaternaltoretowardsthee,the Vr^^n^^^y <**"* «»*•»«» ****i and church from so many calamities, aad daily magnify uketovaakauofllaryland, Virginia, KratiKkyapd Ml*. "walking gentleman," and not such asshould be assigned ahvteaiimim*mm.V.w*'."••orwouldtoex- andadornItwithmoresplendidtriumphs,and Bourt.Therowerotemigre**toprovidetew*toprevsattoaleadingman.venerable father, and yon, beloved sons Donotetaaeto >daVV AEadrmaast i l u r^****TM Ml UBBsaawUsm, BBSBHI auUSw sW u O d r a - pray and beseech the Father of ait Mercies wtth still moreherLegislatureandfailedIntheotherbybutonevoto-wasdecidedlynotacharacterwhichshouldbenmtenul bytheJudicialyCommittee,whotooktbepositionthat summoningwitnessesfortbeSenatetov^aoisnUturCom to a leadine man; the term "leading business" hasaani- though the franchises were vested in New York, yet they mittee.and met the fugitive by merest ^ s n o e ? a^S- versal signification, and te perfectly understood by the were public-trusts, for the benefit of tbe public at large,grounds, It is obviously aecoaaary that Fto*shouldpossessonIheAtlanticaportopenStatas, paid than* respects to^ n ^ X ^ ^ t i S "senatoHS wardsoronehundredandfifty_Tbe committee appointed to draw on a platform em bodying the principles for the dOfnorratto party of Ala-an*va*i amHwhwiaaraadiesa t t . * - - — a amusedtoof vigor and elasticity which temperate habits only can produce,weretotroduoadtohimIntheEastroom.B.E.GAjrrr,theGrandWorthyPatriarchoftheOrder, idreeeed the President to a cordial and 'wtth tbe present rights of New York—that bar charters should not be interfered with; aad another, that all tan publicpowersrelatingtotheseferries wereresumedby ths Legulature Tbe Commauiooers were—one from Ot- sego, and one from Waahtogton and another trom Albany county—Messrs. Cbeever, Bake and another. Ha hadterritorial protection to slavery, and demands that all ths powers of the governmentshall beemptoyed.tf necessary, mitsprotection. Itnegative*Doogtetttmtaalltuform*. Tbe report was adopted, almost aaantosomdv—Mr Far- syth,ot Mobile, objecting, with perhaps a aaw •ram*.ton the delegates to the Canrleston Oravsamon temsatoa the endorsement of tbe principles of the Ambama * * » Democratic Convention, before the nomtoattona for Hreai dent and Vice President In case the Chartoaton Conven- tion refusesto araha such aantoaaamansa.hhmj the dele- gates from Alabama are instructed to return home otil together tha Convention aad make their reportTbe following named gentlemen wore etected by the " t o t h a r farthe State at large •—This oh*ci, with tbe unc-rtain future ot repubheaa tothsDansdestatesbeforeas,teiasahtoot- —• —i.. i~**iJAM at tha Par-*tobesererelyinjuredft *atorsdParty. For instance, they bought from Jacob sharp* a feelingwhichthepeopleentertain teaaeoftheWailstreetferryandfromMarrtaoftheOaa t They came to him not aa poliu tbartoe street ferry, aad from Bavemeyer aad Tttden efnoticetobegiventhatthstermwillbecom on tbe 1st day of February next. It te aadsr- Stepbera and Haslet, two of ihe Harper •Ferrytolic Uirooe, to tbe paths of truth, justice a a d salvation. We doubt not, venerable brother and beloved sons, but thatyou.bytheaidoftheAlmighty,desire nothingmors than to perform wtth sttll greater seal aad earnestness ail those duties which, fulfilled thoughtfully. wisely and aaatously. may so greatly conduce to the defence of the causeotGodandofHisholychurch,tothssalvationof •oate, u the sxpoeure of the deceits aad the refutations * the errore Sf sacked man to thte Mm* of special **»**?. Beas—ad thatthetesttogofourpaternal •"•J* towards yourselves is equally warm aad devoted.* * * • — initeto ateda* whereof reoeive o a r apastolic •art.full of tor*. •,aadoayou,belovedThe President and ilia Son* of Tempe- theworld. Nevertheless,theferriescould beranatoneGiven at[toStPeter'*,theIstofDecember, ~^ ysar of our pontificate.^ FtOi, P- P-, EL•Jgyfrj^iafBaa,! Gavstfaaaya? ao f T r J S i 1 , it%hasa, of that town, QBBJWSBB* AS*"*, f i n v ta\a\t aTtMatoflabor,allmdtoated' heardto-daythatoneofthemhaddied. Butthetowof 1846 was still in force. Whether tbe proper datv of this "ommtttoewouldbetolookintothatlawaadrecommend modifications of it, so that the doubts and ambiguities clear provision for the uoeasingtth proper acoomnasdatioas and should be rpermaoctviecdab, laeadraates of fare-all these were mat-otefrsthfaorfethrreiersuibmemllalidset,owconsider. ^ ^In answer to Senator Murphy, Mr Qnamtr added that the lowest practicable rahters for the committee te c Inanswerto8enatorMIL>wark Gas light Oomiia which II took piece was entirely. who will even _Tmto_ the capital and the * ^ t b t h n y i m p a r t y , was that ta purehastog- AIB Haazar..—The 1sitetelBii of Vir-mtdktu M T I ikje Jf«_itell toll fttiftlfl to BBS1 Hock, tbe foreman, boned ia the rums He was"particularly interesting, because tt the old teases they purchased what did not repreaeat pro Court for the county of ratutnan. Judge Parker ha*Ihey would ave- ** "tested weightsAtv "^*~^^m—or—av—-pe.Valk Dwli W if755f«i**" » -***J**da.dress on the pouUeal issues which now agitate theof the Southern people," was rtoelgo* • *h£r*re * •** traduction of slaves Intoihe State, by aneouragtof theirhmsto of ths dtetrtot^^^fUjmJ^*^mlTm*mnu« ? w £ L *dev afternooo.to their report.1,and coal andST***, The difference between $667^00 *MM$«>006 rjsaV Thed C P*torss^l*rm»«on Commerce and Navigation, Tbe committee consists of 'rep, of•Vm.. FN*i musthave been paid for the old ieaam; rad^ rs«i eapty wtth your request; but unexpected delays by tha way. claim te protection by *»*•» <* *^JE2?*L* and severe stokness made it impracticable to return, aad the Territories o r «hn«boc*y tonr«Bd a fugitive stave to reach here by ths sasettog ofCoagrem.^•bwjroaah- law. to order to a*v* our Northern eJates and pre- ed here I have been awaiting the oraanteation of the House serve t h e Union b y Northsrn a n d Southern demol o b eBrooklyn Common Council, who expressed a washeard to favor of oasaeat torrtogs, for the procurte « < " which ihe committee had been appointed by thecoma."01Mr. Giuunw, after enumerating the firs ferrtoshsMh* the Union Company, which would be affected by this MB, said that the Corporation of Now York claimed the Iran chises of theee ferries under their ancient charters. T h e city of Brooklyn, on the other hand, contended that theseM00,000.Aldermaa Djtrroit remarked that ths Importance of thesubject had been felt by tbe Comason Council of Brooklyn, and immediately on ths apperaaos s f tha advertisement of the ferry rale, ta Ihe month of December, s f ths whole of the leases in one tot, the Board unanimously appointed a committee, and tbe Mayor signed the resolution tbe aextv-.orntog, to negotiate with tbe authorities of New York to i V t r a terms of the sale The Common Council of trot k ) 7D bad not agitated the matter before the^ V A a w t a S f ^ ^ Q^^b-omthedateoftheadvertteemeat Be (Aid. D ) was appohvtod chairman of the Common Council eotnmtt- tee. M w m v'be judgment o f t h e entire Common Oounat of BrooalrB th." these ferries oould be profitably ran at OM oeot/and v>e endeavored to eflbot this object Tbe committee propoeo.1 to New York to change theof tbe advertisement, so that the- aaaxtowmnf tbenexttenyearsshouldtathaw•*MHof the present tone, and «**!£ •••ft!*"*',,of Bei datives,and other developments. Hence thetone delay of thte responseI will not attempt to express to words my profoundgratitude for the esteem aad regard for me, manifested to thte invitation from man of different political par- ties and various political sanumonts. But, If my lifecrate, then request yourUvea to resist the acquisitionorganization of any aaor* Toryour army and navy, and all WW**?TM^eivil government or kteaaaryateamo*«£******2Z>** bwul be suicidal geuerosity, or d * » * B ^ * s « * ? » 5 : viency, to expend your blood and treasure to aoqairingselling the formation of a Ssouthesrn Union In ease of the te spared, I will eadeavor to prove tho rtaosfity of territories supporting their civil officers, making roads ware public franchteea, governmental powers, or apsli-election of a republican President or of republican ascen- my gratitude by Increased energy aad vigilance to and bufttoTKS?and areenate in «bem maintainingthe defence of Southern and State righto principlea. It armies and navies for their defence, and a s t f t f toMtilmost bigoted and intolerant partisan or the absolute ne-cessity of a oeasatloa of aQpolitical strife aad wraaguag,and of a truce to all party struggles between Southernmen, in order to maintain our rights, interests, honor andLondon ftoaes supposes, s s one single Incident will show. existence as free and independent State*. Hatred of ne- passion and emotion that never shine in print, yon would•ee•*•eThe great meeting in Boston, on behalf of the Union,was of a somewhat different character from what t h eItwascalled,ittetrue,bymenwho,likeMr.Everett, have ruined their political career a n d forfeited their standing in tbe community by subservienoe to the noisy oligarchy at Washington, but whether the spirits they called from the vasty deep did come t o their call Is a n -gro slavery, and of those who.maintain tt, has become the wonder at the moderation of Southern men to Congress prevailing sentiment of the black republican party, which towards your foes, and the immoderation of Southern par- embracesalargemajorityoftheNorthernpeople. Ithas ties towards each other. Why,youwouldask,donot been evinced t y the most persistent, unrelenting a a d r e - Southern Democrats and Americans unite their votes on morseless hostility of words and acts towards the South some patriot ot either party and save us from the disvertised tbe sale accordingly, adding that the ferries would not be sold at less than the present rent, namely, $66,000 p e r annum. T h e Attorney General then com- menced a suit on bthalf of the people, aad in conse- quence of those proceedings tbe sale had not taken place; but now stood adjourned to the 10th of February la tha meantime this bill had been introduced into toe Legisla-the Legislature in 1818 undertook to fix the rates of fare? ti There were influential and wealthy cttisena of BrooklynStanding ready to pay New York the same prices that aha to now obtained for her leases, aad run the same ferries, U With equal accommodations, at one cent hiMr. Giuuurr called tht- attention of the committee to thefact that some of tb«se leases would not have expired ua bbrought ap wtth the protest ttmperor, entered the Ourrdaat an early age, and made tea nrst appearance in the other affair. The Hon. Caleb Cashing spoke to tbe same for the test quarter of a century. We have been tradueed, honor and humiliation with which we are menaced f TheCsucaaus in tbe year lttta, where be greatly distinguish- effect as Mr.Everett, and with no better success. He ed tumaelf at the stormier, of Dargo, and was badly asked of the five thousand citizens who crammed Faneullwooaded. Be waa then only a Colonel, b u t from that Hall whether they would not control the abolitionists. period ha promotaoB waa exceedingly rapid. He first be- Are there no men in New England, he asked, who willvilified and stigmatised, in every w a y . time sjtoptoce. reply of either side, probably, would be, it would demor-take these rampant fellows oy the throat? Silence. He proceeded to name them; and at each name there was a burst of vehement and long continued cheering—the Balaam curse invoked by those who had sent for I taad who waa only prevented by the Oriental war from answered from various parts of Ihe horison, while nei- liberty. And yet, all these hostile acts of our Northern many years—have suffered sorely from their ravage* andpass over to Europe for the rest of their lives. We may hope they will dunk better of it, and see their duty more clearly; bat we are concerned with tt only as a sign of the times.honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant, C. & CLAY, J a .Theatrical Difficulties—Another Snlt Against Laura Keene.MAMum OorjnT.Before Hon. Judge Maynard aad a Jury.one cent?Mr. Gorans—We have her* ton man who my they will.Another sign approaches as more nearly. We havehad too good reason to know that the Americana of theSouth derive their notion of the Irish from John Mitchell,and a fearful evidence of thte has come to light in theshape of a circular widely transmitted by a committeein Alabama to the Irish in New York. This circular, to the motive which has actuated her. which we reprint trom the New York Jorumal ofCommerce,mutt purchase all the property ueoeasar y for the running of the ferry, belonging to the old lessees; and this statement of the company to November had evidentlyisting contracts expire.Senator 8raroiA—I do not wish to have the bill lumber-invites the Irish, as the friends of the South, to act In its interest, and gain thanks aad rewards by acts of incen-The dominant party o f the North denounce u s a s ene-plaintiff in this case claims $200 salary alleged to b e d u ehim for two weeks as a leading actor to the defendant'seighteen boats, ranging from *46,000 to $13,600, was s e t down in tbe aggregate at $431,000. The value of the ferry houses was set down at $104,800. Property in machineAssemblyman Bamun observed, this was a partial bill, only extending to a portion of the ferries of the cttyV Brooklyn, ft was worth while $9 suggest that a biU offrom the cradle to the grave, until we have been robbed alize, and, perhaps, disorganise our party. But you wouldture. Tbe people of Brooklyn were convoiced thai toe til 1863 bad tbey not beeo shortened by collusion betweenof our good name, and made "a reproach and scorn rejoin, will you sacrifice the Sooth on the altar of yourferry company were making exorbitant profits out of the present excessive rates of ferriage, and they asked the Legislature to reduce those rates to an ordinarily remune rative point Tbefirstquestion was as to the power of tbethe ctty and the Ferry Company. ua Aidirman DAYTOW added, that it waa time theLegislature tboulo interfere Whan the Comptrollerthroughout the North. They have taken from us our party ? can yon not sink the partisanto the patriot, when slaves, by fraud or force, and have not only denied us any the enemy i s at our gates?lating papers. Uncut and boons, wutcb tea eh toe* teaguslavery te "theram of all vutenies," ths crime of crimesandcurseofcurses,andshouldbeImmediatelyabolished,even at tbe cost of deluging the South to the blood of hercitizens. 'TheImpendingCrisisoftheBooth,"abookofthte character (which I have read), written by a thief anda renegade from North Carolina, Is endorsed b y SenatorSeward and by sixty eight black republican representa-tivestoCongress,includingSherman,theircandidatefor panicwasbad,salarieshadbeenreducedone-thirdand Speaker. 1have reason to believe that plana for emitting paid to small instalments; the part waa assigned him, andgcoatoiQru»OLA—WO*WMHUM''low*f York" a toon to me Aldermen?the«%ofK*WTheFrenchandEngitehjournalsseemtohavemadeItillustriousGreek*andRomansofoldfamewouldhaveonehundredandforty-fourrepresentativesfromthasix-times:JordanrefusedtoplaythecharacterofSouthandHamiltonavenueferries—thecompanycouldThirdwardstationhouse,wheretheywarelodgedforthe theirbusinesstospreadalarmingreportsconcerningour beenproudtoown.Butwearenowbeginningto teenNorthernStates.TherearebutsevenSenatorsand Arncliff; he demanded hissalary, which was runatonecentandhaveafairprofit,evenonthebasteof night,afterhavingbeansuppliedwithacomfortablesuprelations won China. Last year they sent an army of witness an exodus from tbe land of stripes and stars, thirty one representatives from those States who callrefused him, and the plaintiff became excited; wit- $800,000capital AndOut continuing the same dividend as per, through the kindness of the captain. Yesterday ness isnot anactor,bat inhisopinion theleadingman now,theycould,withoutanydiminutionofthepresentac- morningtheJohnsonfamilywererate*sodfromtheircos should play the part of Harry Arncliff; the plaintiff had commodations, run at a cent and a half on all the ferries tlnement, and started forth, sleigh aad all, on their jour,Chinamentoboraourforteonthe Amoor and laysiege to Ntkolayeflhk, and now they inform us that the Brother of the Sua and Moon has summoned Russiato evacuate the territory ceded to her in Manchooria, and detaioed our Ambassador at Pekin as a hostage for the fulfilment of thtedemand.Webar*justreceivedadvicesfromGeneral Igaatleff, however, whieh are aa tets as tbe17thOctober, aad frssa which it appears that he oonttaaes on the very best of terms with me Celestial Court, and that there te not the slightest evidence ef an intention on their part to evade or retreat the stipulations entered into with Count Pattetto aiTwn urn, and withJCouutMoaravieff Amoursky at Arjoon. From Jeddo, Captain Nakoffsky, of Ihe Ascold, announces that the Japanese authorities have made ample reparation for the outrage committed on oar seamen at Kanagawa, and express the deepest regret at the friendly connections between the two nations being interrupted b y thai untoward occurrence.Boom after the conclusion of the Crimean war it was whispered that great frauds, had been discovered In the Commissariat, a n d after a preliminary investiga- tion by.Prince Vas&tsbikoff, to which the facta of th e eaae were ascertained, a military tribunal was InstaBod at Moscow, presided over by Gen. Mouravieff (of Kara), for the trialof ihe individuals implicated ia it.The principal offender wag Major General Sailer, chief in-tendant of the Crimean army, who, however, carried mat-tors witha very high hand and published a aeries of arti-cles in the fiteirf Invalid, explaining and justifying hiaconduct, aad attributing the charges agamat him to puremstevoieace or ignorance. Unfortunately for him, he hasnot succeeded m convtociag the oourtmartial, which hasfound him catty of negligence and inattention to Bis du-ties, connivance at frauds practised by the army pur- wherever be may go. We are Informed that his resourcesveyors, h e , add passed sea tones upon him, depriving him and consequent ability to earn a livelihood, which he teof his military station, big orders and titles of nobility, most anxious to do, depend chiefly on his obtaining theand degrading htm to the ranks. Similar punishments rest and tranquillity of mind which nothing could securehaa* boon meted out to some other officials to him so soon aa a position of comparative independence. our political rights touching slavery; one branch would ness under thte contract had no significance, bat tile actorthemselvesdemocrats;andofthese,eightsnti-Leoomptonof murder, arson, servile or civil war, anything to abolish to consequence ofMr. Jordan's refusal to play the part of an institution which Is not only the baste Of her wsatth, Barrv Arncliff?but the condition of her social and political existence. Objected to and rated oat, on the ground that it wascorresponding privilege of commutation. He bad the All sorts of questions were put to the man and woman, affidavits of men of wealth and reputation to Brooklyn and as well as could be gathered from the confused an-In the Senate, that party unanimously admit by their passed upon in the previous trial.who said that tbey were willing to take all the ferries, swers, it appeared that they were free colored people, just pay the present rent, and ran at one cent, with the old arrived from Louisiana, where at one time they flourtehedstical trust, to be administered for tbe benefit of ihe people atlarge. The agencies which had caused the mtroductton of tha bill mto the Beasts he would briefly state la October test the atpofation of New Yorttpaaseda reso lution directing a sale of aU these five ferries in one par|iF*4JWv*y aOvwwCvw r*4a<a'j ^9 *B^BWh^a^a^aV^*, t*r*a» %,¥wvwwrLAti**'TMt ism above the grovelling^ostiacts of personal or party m- you decide to ototm protection of your persons and pro rates, viz; two cents for fool passeagers wiihwut commu-washave called a great amettog ef their principal dency at Washington this aemton. NowIhe ground oa is especially gratifying to me, at thte c r h ^ psriod toBjr their moral and physical wants. If y o u « * • £ * * » « »i and warriors to deliberate upon t h e atepa that • be taken to the present emergency, which, from oral effect that moat hav* been produced upoo their »by the general defection aromvt them, there a ' reaaoa to believe wUl end In their declaring thawwhich the Union la based te a a agreement that ia cases o f divergency, the majority of the States shall prevail. The very principle of representation involves this. But thehartory, that men of opposing parties, principles and poll share in them, or hold your slave* in them, by authontvtiesshouldunitetoapproving my"oovoiion tojoothmn oftheconnotation andlaw*m*4*to!«****»Jjkweoj.aad State righto principles.- It indicates a lofty petriot- desiiltothaoppnntlraofyTjuTNmttani jotot tenants_g eel, to be run at a rate ot ferriage not over the presentto rtpraenthaif the State*, note repudiate* tk-. sery toreato, aad a noble purpose to all, howeverjUflwtof Jai oertv by ah departments o f t h s Federal government,<f Union Hitherto It baa had Its own way: tt mode or measure, to resist the wrongs a a d vindicate the whenever you may desire te go within its exclusive juris-»w have tts own way any longer; bat, instead of rights of ths SouthsTM States. It shows ^ k ^ dmrte diction, then maintam it with ths confldenceand energypast in the South when the advocates of Southern rights wKa^neciousnoas of right and the love of the South or State rights (aad tbey are synonymous) can be ostos- should inspire. V you do so. you will either secure the cised, reproached or ridiculed by those cant catchwords equality and independence of the States in too Union, ortation, and corresponding charge* tor vehicles. The cityof Brooklyn was aggrieved b> thte atop. By an act of18*1,re-enactedin1*67, theNewYorkCorporationwererequired to dispose of tbe leases of ferries, and, tossed, ofall their franohtees, at auotton, to tbe highest bidder. city of Brooklyn would guar rail I th*V*F **** J * Theseterrieshadbeenteasedseparately,previousto1861,thattheyshouldaotreceiveteastha*thepresent to whentheUnionFerryCompanywasorganhwd.underthe .ents. TbeanihorlUe*ofNewYorkdisregarded ot actof1863.Theypurchasedoutallthslosses,andranthaioffersadproceededto)their*•*>•but fryielding to the national will, It threatens secession from the Untoa.0 1to than terminating a war that haa tented for more thanthirty f earn. hare been rewarded with the baton of FieldHareheXBelenowtheonlyofficermtheBaastonarmy thanformanyyearspast.It*dettinieiareinthehand*qforintenTtdopprobrium-"disunion!st,""disorganiser"fludmilproofofanoverrulingnecessityforseparation,inIn the next place, the Union te clearly in less dangerwhobetasthatsuprememilitaryrank,theteataoldmar-thefreeState*aadtheyhaveshownonlytooplainlybyand"secUonaust,"whichwereone*fatally" shal. Prince Tonmtooff, having died severalyeare ago. He i heir unworthy subservience, how they value the Untoa. In tt proves thai all man are beginning to realise andvirtue of the constitution, (hey cast nowettaUith tkeyr ownteameky maatoharerteeaa*highathhage,torhete poiicujreetht fmteralgovernmentfromtk*curmofOfenf, otetothsfact,thatthestrictestmaintenanceofsotmuchoverforty. TheBariatinakysareoneofthose andforbidthe*eeeuion<tftheOattState*.Ikepowerofccer- rightstethesurestguaranteeofthetrueUnion,andordertopreventherultimatesubjugation. ^^^^Htthe meantime the Attorney General at the hi w o f t h a committee, procured a n am^'teotioa. badbeenpetitionafterpetitionsenttotheb*\<°"T* tethe State institutions o f the South; but they can cast out slavery from the federal government.a n dwill(«union of all men, of ail parties to the South, for her own dally. Language loses to print half the significance im-lates of 1864, If they were suffered to run a ferry. hundred, to packages of twenty-five. On tbe 10th of by the present arrangement. It was only asake.Ths events of too test twenty years ought to satisfy thaAugust, 1866. tbey abolished commutation entirely, andput the rate for foot passengers uniformly at two cento.This company was organised wtth a nominal capital of$800,000. Last fall they applied to the Common Councilof New York lor a sale, under the act of 1867, of all thefive ferries, to one parcel. A resolution waa passed to property. If thte was so, why did she acquiesce whan b that eflect The Comptroller on the 13th December ad-came Major General aad commander of tbe regiment of Kabarda, then Chief of the Caucasian Orenadiera, Ltoute- aant General, commander of the left wing of the Cau- eaates use, Aide-do Camp General of toe Emperor, Chef d'a^at Major of the Arm; ot the Caucasus, and anally, InIBMafallGeneralanaCommander-InChief.Itmustbeacknowledged that he displayed great courage aad con-duct, not only in mounum warfare, but in toe campaignof IsM against the Turks, where he had a principal shareIn the brilliant victory of Kurreck dereb, but in the cropof honors sowabowerei upon himbe iamerelyreap-tog the fruua of which the germ was laid by hia prede-cessors, especially by the late Marshal Vorontaoff, whose militarytalentsandvigorousadministrationestablishedtricts.Atpresent,whenmysteriouslightsgoupeverytravelthroughthoseStates,orpursueyourfugitiveorWecannot,ifwewould,avoidthe"conflict"theythreat-inquire.TheUnionFerryCompanyatttseetabusbmeatsewinggirlaadthehardworkinglaboreracentevery J the domination of Russia in the Caucasus on a arm basis, night from the mounlaint about Harper's Ferry, and are stolen slave there, it te at the peril of your life or vour en. We have been besieged and hairassed by them for had purchased out the old ferries. Catharine Terry was time they crossed the ferry, above what was necessary teaccomplishing the task which haa now devolve! upon hia ther police nor military can detect their origin: now when incendiary frit take place almost nightly, no doubt at theis • settled at teat that I'rinoe Gortschakoff will go to hand* of the ncgroet, now when Virginia lies under the Parte as first Plenipotentiary of Russia at the Congress. liabilities of a frontier State, the more timid or wealthy ofamperor Napoleon wished particularly for the foreign her ciUxena see no prospect of peace and quiet for a long Haunters of the great Power* to be present; aad as the time to come, and propose to realise their property andbrethren are not only violative of the purposes of the sought no reparation, bat only future pesos, justice, domes- Union—thejustice,domestic tranquility,commondefence tictranquillityandsecurityforourpersonsandourproper- and general welfare, to which we are entitled equally ty. We have sought these by argument, by persuasion, by with them—but of the letter, as well as the spirit of thethen a losing concern, to consequence of the extravagant yield a fair profit—if this monopoly ware uoensed thus to expenditure for appliances—large and expensive ferry deprive the poor of a part of their daily bread, tbe nextbouses, h e The Wall street ferry deserved Ihe same thing would be revolution. Wtth all these facta beforeThis is a significant sign of the times In the leading StateoftheUnion.TheleadtogStateoftheSouthern section, Virginia, is, however, showing signs no less im portant Several of the chief citizens are preparing to leave—not only t h e State, b u t t h e country altogether . For two years past. Virginia has been rapidly emptied of slaves,through thegrowing insecurity ofthat Kindof property, and yet more through the spreading desire for free labor among the residents in the agricultural dis-Revolution, there was an act passed, regulating the retro of ferriage. Another bad been passed in 1801, another in 18C9,anotherto181$,aadanotherin18Z2,uponiheap plication of ihe city ot New York itself—so that the ques- tion of the power of the Legtaltture in the premises mightana u e Ccmmon Council pass it, and the Comptroller, to * advcriiticg, put in a condition which was aot to tbe rew- ti lution—thattbepartypurchasingShouldadvancetweaty B per cent or the firet year's rent, and deposit it stxteea t n>< nib? ahead ot the oumnaenoemont of the tease, and that lindemnity or redress, but have menaced us, aad all aidingThe counsel for Miss Keene moved s non suit, on the ground that the plaintiff bad not tendered his servioe*. TheCourtdeniedthemotion.£ •asm $*• tostuTcombuungthemthefair totheownersoftheonwouldran thefivecapital, in addition to the real t ot the'ferrtes now or hereafter •^ViaafofThe^nkm which the compI am sure you would not think I exaggerate the hostilitytoour»peculiarinstitution,"andtoallwhomaintainit,orthewrongswithwhichwearethreatened,orthene- commutationatWayearforman,andleasratesfor cessity for concert of council and conduct, on tha part of women and children. They also sold tickets s t stoat,frommenwhoofferedtogivetnePa- ti' tent accommodations, and yet not charge exceeding »*•• tohe Southern people, if you stood where your Representa- rate. In August, 1866, they raised the ferriage to tw«N a ct Oparted to it by the tones of the voice, the expressions of the face and the actions of the body. These evince more hatred of the South, contempt for her numerical weak- ness, and confidence in Northern numerical strength, de- Uberato purpose to abuse their power and our righto, than words can express. If you raw and heard these togas ofto a monopoly to indirectly tax ths cttisens ofwho crossed the river. He contended that It was as touch te to the interest ol New York as of Brosalyn that the fer- to ries should be run for one cent Some had contended aathe part of New York that these terries were her private ttThecourseofthispartytobothhouses of CongressIn-dicates their purpose to subjugate tbe South, and to de-stroy oar stove property. They have twenty-five out of been connected with the theatre for six yean, and the sworn testimony of Messrs. Smith and Stranahan, thatthirty two Senators, and one hundred and thirteen sot of had seen the play of "An Unequal Match'' a dosen by taking off three night boats—one each from Fulton. end the real or pretended seeker* after freedom to theof white exiles, who findtheir native soil too hot to hold them. Having identified themselves with noble old John Brown In his bold effort to wipe away the stain of chattel slavery from the United States, they have been forced to fly for their Uvea. It has bean our good fortune ttmeetwithoneofthesemen,forwhomwearesoreoarreader* would leel the deepest respect and sympathy.The maa is just what might be expected from his antece-dents. In a letter from an eminent American abolitionistintroducing him to a friend ofours,hetewell describedas"evidently a a man of Brown's stomp—firm, contcierUwusand Godfearing, inthe Puritan ami Oromwetiian tent*." silence, when charged aad challenged to deny It, that Witness attended to the business to the front of the privilege of commutation, and furnish all the accommoda- in a condition of slavery. They bad left, they said, thedemocrats do not vote with the South, and three anti Le-compton democrats vote for Sherman. Those three demo- never tendered his services from the day of the breach; If the committee would make an estimate of the deduction ney towards Canada. Wending their way up Warrencrats and all the black republicans have been striving, the "Unequal Match" did not succeed; Mr. Leverick wasfrom 6th oi December last, to dishonor and degrade tbe cast to the place of the plaintiff, as the most judicious se- South,byputtingIntheSpeaker'schairanendorserof lectiontheycouldmake.of fare proportioned to the decreased capital, and would street, towards Broadway, they again became the centre take mto consideration these admissions of the managers of a huge concourse of people, who formed a circle ofthecompany,andthefactobehadstated,theywould around the supposed slaves, and anally obligedHelper's or Heifer's book, thereby evincing their approval 4. y—What damages hare beea sustained by Miss Keene see that the ferries could be easily run at one cent, wtth the latter to stop their locomotion altogether.raise the negro to social and political equality with thewhite maa, and, to that end, to continue to nullify fugitiveslave laws, to encourage negro stealing, and to deny us allprotection of slave property, either in State or Territory,or this District, or on sea—wherever federal prevails over tosses of tbe theatre.State jurisdiction—and to subject us to tbe shame and suf- Leon Vincent, prompter of tbe defendant's theatre,fering of outlawry if we go beyond the prison bounds of deposed to ate having notified Mr. Jordan that be would pay an ample dividend on that amount. They also ing money. A good deal of small rhsngn, aiiiiiiBatoBi. tbe South. was cast for tbe part of Harry Arncliff, stated that daring tne test year thirty three millions ofthe shield for the defence of the North, and tbe sword for the destruction of the South, if that party prevail.think there was any part proper for the leading man; witness, to casting the play, would assign the character of Harry Arncliff to toe light comedian or leading young man.bly could, would be to relinquish $166,000 a year of theirpresent receipts. So that if the Union Company shouldobtain the leases for ton years more under the sale nowenjoined, tt would give tbe Omnpany (over and above thedividend of eight per cent on $200,000 more capital thanwas actually engaged In the business) a profit of $166,000per year, or of $1,660,000 daring the term of the tease. What became of them alter this could noVIn justice to the Union Ferry Company, he would state distinctly, but tt te said that they M lthat it was their avowed intentions, if they obtained a re- office of tbe agent of the CBnaanl II are brought to the newal of the leases, to reduce tbe fare to a cent and a half "the tend of Canaan." , aad booked for after the first of May, but thte would not be obligatory onMen of all parties in the North (with but tow ex-ceptions) concur In pronouncing slavery an evil—moral,social or political, one or all. Mr. Fillmore, in his letter Dion Bourcicault. dramatist, author and stage manager,the assemblage, the officers procured a car, on which the sable group were placed and conveyed to parts unknownto the New York Union meeting, speaking of tha North, deposed that ha had bean connected with theatres for says "we are all against slavery." Our friend* there twenty-one years in London, and was familiar with thea-dare not justify it, but for their own sokes and oars, can- tres ia France; leading business bad no significance exceptnot do more than excuse it. Our enemies have, at length, for standard dramas, and where precedent had establish- brought it under the ban of public opinion. ed by long mage; t b e standard drama w a s those playswhich b a d been long performed, a n d about a cast of The Northern democrats are. unhappily, divided a s to which, by usage, there could be no doubt; leading busi-them. If the Legislature were willing to be satisfied with Tbe whole affair bort a very strong resemblance topromises that could not be enforced, they might accept tremendous « hoax," and Jxaraasa with hteTtfoacoord us the full measure of our righto to tts protection; would have to play in new plays those characterswhich Jordan became angry, witness also got angry, and took off hia coat; tbe "Unequal Match" was announced for only three nights, and than it waa to have been followed by a new play; witness is not concerned in tbe profits orenjoy more freedom and bodily comfort generally, and where, with the assistance of the charitable, they soon hopedto beinsafety. Their story excited the commte- erstton of some of the bystanders, white at the samethis one. What the citizens of Brooklyn wanted was pro- family are said to belong te Una city instead of inuhwni theotherrefuseanyhelptoholdit,byondourpresentwhichmostnearlyassimilatedtothecharactersintectionagainstimpositionfortbebenefitofamonopoly— SSfre'JL**^f-'"»?nnmTwantothstrltreB'of lower degree, from colonoi downward*; but mconsiderationoftheirformerservicestheEmperorbaa been pleased to commote the penalty in most cases,toetadtng that of Sailer, to a simple"dismissal. Every tbe Pepe. It is a reply to tbe address of sympathy the South shall accept that,as the onlyandbastcom- businesswould be tbe principaltragic or comicpartin causeithappened to be in the bandsof menwhobad against appealsofthiskind,asIttewell known the *poorThePop«InHisPresentDifficulties. The Dublin Wsua gives a Latin copy of the letter fromlimits beside the Fugitive Slave tew. These inafit that the standard dramas; under this contract tbe leading of Itself against public policy, and only to be tolerated be- Philantropic pesata should therefore be ou their gulTdno value, that should be abandoned, or, at least, ignored of the character of Arncliff until after he bad played it forming a grand monopoly. Thte bill proposed to reducefor: tbe present, for the sake of the Northern democracy once; leading business te understood to be leading tragedy the fares to one cent It was a question ol expediency as yesterday, on bis way te Canada. While walkiai: about and the Union. Others (who are sustained by a few he strolled mto one of our restaurants, and there tohnSouthernmen)assertthatthedemocracyarepledgedby orcomedy;itincludestheheroorheroine. tothemodeofsecuringthepublicinterestbj tneinter- surprise,beaawquietlyeatingoystersaUnitedr the Cincinnati platform to non-intervention by Congres to Joseph Jefferson (our American Cousin), deposed that vention of the Legislature. The bill did not provide for Marabal from Harper^Ferry!* TheMarnusLonprotectslavery,toState,Territory,orthteDistrtct.aadthat bo wasconnected with the theatrical profession since themodeofa*a*aamoa*ttosteaPaadnot confine them to thefugitive,arose,andpattinthimontheeboulder . •»•**•*• e • • • * withwhichwewerebornedown.Forevery-ifwegetorclaimit,ItwilldefeattheNortherndemocra-childhood;thecharacterofHarryArncliff,inthe"Unequalsteamboatsorrowboats;Badttwouldbeveryeasyforahimbyname,andaakedhimwhathewa*dotesUments I have already used, but will suggest a tow factsfor your reflection. The slave property of ths South,worth near $4,ooo,0O0,0O0, is dented protection, andthreatenedwtthdestructionbyamajorityoftheNorth.Theannuallossofthatproperly,bytheftandrobberyofNorthernmen,tenotlessthan$300,000.Ithasbeenseizedand confiscated on the high seas by English war vessels tist te engaged for leading business he te expected to be on the assurance of the Corporation of New York that lived within three doors of the fugitive at Harper's Far wtth impunity—tt has been driven out of Kansas by force— competent they would grant what was asked. Ia 1846 the question ry, and was perfectly wed known to the latter Whether a bill to expel it from Nebraska has passed one branch of Harry Pearson deposed that the part of Harry AraeaaT name up again, a bill of thte kind waa reported favorably tbe Marabal was in pursuit of the fugitive, or engaged toZmrSLT'&J* ^ tnvaaton of Virginia, at-' a wa> s i S S »t?f^toMto» * **» Britteh l^liamant. earnest supphcanon that He will snatch His holy tended with slaughtber of her cidzens—it is meoased with theatrical profession; ths part of Arncliff was that of a aad that that interest would be subserved by the known. The Marshal and hto men have not been seenJ^ct-aX ~jL**•seatfromaildirectw r in ail our tribulations:Am*X^&aS***i-»"£!. aadthatHawilldeign,ofbisomnipotentgoodness,totiiosetevain^bsoonuTbe arguedtotheSim***?TheAdjournedtoMondaymorningatteno'clock.reduction to the lowest rates of fare which could since yesterday to Auburn. The fugiUve, it w under beprofitablycombinedwtththenecessaryac- stood,wastheslavewhoguidedJohnBrownintothe commodations. The present aceomnidations of ArsenalatHarper'sFerry. Theaffairha*createdcoo theseleiiies,itwaaconceded byeveryone,weretorsu- aiderabteexcitementamongseveral prnailniial ahouuon-tel of Uwi££?i£" • *'I"*">»**••iPBMmnofltaJuHHhtS[From the Constitution, Yesterday theSonsofTemperaaoilarge and most worthy portionTas nlntenaa Dernorratle Convention.P e r^^.^»IfL Wito thesea l ?° * w0 t ) M r'a U 9 a' of what ~that only Northern hook on which to hang atog a ateve outside of oar present bounds—Untitled DocumentbyaildefnrtmeataofthefederalJ5?5Lginal having authorised a special term of the CircuitCantUato.Ya^ZSm^^ia^J^UcTYork, and Senator lYrnaar, rbp.,of «rto."'The meeting was called at the instance of of the and above the annual dividend of otgtat par cent • *all the five lerriee at a uniform rate of fare. Theyranthem alltromNovember,1864toAugust1866atonecent,wtth(Hawo) of New York would sit sown with tbe maoag- a us in reclaiming them, with ignominious punishment Nut Why may I not address the same question to the legis legislature to interfere. Almost Immediately after the IIg agent d tbe Fen-y Company and dtaw up a resolution tlone Northern State, if 1 am not misinformed) h a s latois of Alabama, to her people, and te the entire South-on her statute book any law enforcing the ren- ern people ? We are confronted by implacable and pow-ditionoffugitiveslaves,orpunishingtheftor erfulfoes,whoseheraldandleaderdeclareswemustrobbery of slaves, or affording any civil remedy to the meet them everywhere in " irreconcilable connict" Theyslave owner against the harborer, thief or robber of his are now struggling with us, hand to hand, in the Capitol,property. On the contrary, most of them have nullified for the control of the Treasury, the Army, the Navy, the be easily set at rest Tbe next question was as to toe ex- net kts than the present rents should be taken. Theee t the fugitive slave laws passed by Congress, and some of Post Office—all the materials for war upon the South. pediency, the propriety, of «a«w r«4u*ing tiiR ra.t* of tilings were not to the resolution—it merely orderedthe 1 themnavedeclaredtheslave freewhenever carriedinto Tbeyhang inembattled arrayupon ourentireNorthern fare. Inregardtothisthefirstfacttobemeutionedwar leasestobeaoldtoonetottothehighestbidder. Ifpar- I their limits, and the owner who pursues him a malefactor boundary. Their emissaries are in our midst, preparing that the company was organised with a capital of $800,000. tits were licensed to indirectly tax our citizens, as thte 1 for whom they provide ignominious punishment If you torches for the Incendiary and daggers for the assassin. Bow thte capital was made up It might be uu*rr.si.ug to terry company appeared to be—to take from the poar ]constitution, compact or bargain, by which they bound themselves to deliver up the slave on claim of his mas- ter ; and also, of the comity and custom of friendly foreign States. Tbe South te at peace with all dhe world except her sister Northern States, with whom she te, and has been,living,formany years,inastateofwar,themost anomalous, unjust and unnatural that ever existed—an ex parte war—carried on by them against h e r without just'eauae or reasonable excuse, and endured without re- taliation, and with patience, meekness and forbearance, worthy of the highest praise or deepest scorn, accordingentreaty, but to vain. Why, than, defer preparation for thelast argument of nations r " It Is too late to whet thesword when the trumpet sounds to drawit.'' I have the vember, it would appear that the actual value of the Senator MUXPHT—Who will buy leases to run ferrrie* atmies of mankind, deserving the treatment of the Worstof criminate. They treat us as such by their acts oftoast te sttll doubtful, bat It is confidently affirmed that diarism which are minutely described; by burning fac legislation, and by their continual harassment, robbery theatre. Mr. Jordan recovered $100 to a similar action shops, sheds, h e , was set down at $13,700: office furni- tha kind should include to ito operation tbe entire city,and murder of oar people, and Incitement of other* to doso,notonlyintheirStates,buttooursandtothecom-monTerritoriesoftheUnion. ThemurderersofGor-sneb, Kennedy and Bacheldor, while trying to reclaimfugitive or stolen negroes, go unpunished. The leaders ofthose hostile hirelings, who drove slavery from Kansasby the terror and rapine of fire and sword, are praisedand reverenced as noble founders of a free Stat*, andanointed vicegreents of a God of justice and mercy.for one week's pay. The plaintiff was examined as a wit- tuie, fixtures, h e , at $7,800 This statement thus gave ness,andprovedthecontractbetweenhimself andMiss thesumoffc&67,300astheaggregateoftheproperlyneces-instead of being limited to a parttouter section. Some fourorfiveferriesexistedinhot(Mr.B's)dtetrictalone, outsideoftbeoperationofthishi11. ThepeopleofthatJobn Brown is canonized and catalogued among thepurest of saints and noblest of martyrs, In virtue of commencement of this suit be had not obtained a similarAnother Fugitive Binwe Kxrltemen t.his numerous raids into Kansas and Virginia, andbut expiation of his crimes upon the gallows. TheyInstigated and encouraged slaves, free negroes, andnon-slaveholders In our midst, to murder, arson, robberyengagement, but he had since. He had since asked t h e prompter if he had been called, and ho intormed him that he had not. "Witness applied to Mr. Lutz, the trea- surer, the second time, for his salary; the interview was anangryone,andLatatookoffhiscoattofightwitness.the East river, two entire blocks of land, purchased atremark. How much the Union Company paid for these, them, It would be * matter of duty, he thought, for tha above their value, would be a subject of inquiry here committee to report favorably on the bilLafter. By the last report of the company, filed in Noed up wtth amendments. Let the question now before JAM. 20 —George C. Jordan vt. Laura Keene—The been prepared with a view to that. Tbe value of the tbe courts be decided by tbe courts.stage of tbe "Varieties," and that Mr. Lots accused h im of breaking his engagement in refusing to play the part of Harry Arncliff in the play of the "Unequal Match,"Oncrossexamination,Mr. Jordansaidthat up to theriage. He(Mr. B .) had not yet aeen the bttt, but would like hereafter to be heard upon the subjectSmith and Stranahan, two of the directors oi the companyand members of the executive committee who had tbemanagement of ita affairs, tkit company had made a semi-annual dividend if four percent on $800,000, during thewhole of it* existence. They had, to addition to thte pro-perty,necessary for ferry purposes, the following realestate, h e , which mnst have been purchased out of the EXHIBITION OF THE JOHNSON FAMIXT IN WAKST earnings: on Sackett, Degraw and Sedgwick streets, andAt the foot of Bridge Bonds and mortgages,Mr.GnBXKT—Thatmayperhapt appeartotheprogrtuofIkesuit Cashinhand,as given Inthestatement,$4400. fromayearanda half to nine yuanofags. Ihelittle Liabilities, including the dividend to be made in Novem- colored cherubim* ware snugly settled l a a large box, ber, $26,600.Legislature should interfere to protest not the Inhabitanus of tbe two cities only, but the public at large, fromthe imposition involved intha excessive fare, the com-pany conceded that they could run at one cent and a half,and pay a fair dividend on $800,000. But $000,000 capital time it evoked the indignation of other*, who held thatonly was needed to carry on the ferries, and one cent the tale was all moonshine, got ap for the purpose of rais-Mrs. Wood, connected wtth tbe theatrical profession for amendmentto that regard. The Legislature in 1836, at ly approaching the restaurant The negro lmmedtatelvten years, deposed that Barry Arncliff is not a leading part,orsuchacharacterasamanengagedtoperformthe leadingbusinessshouldbecastfor;considersthepartof Evelyn,totheplayof"Money,"aleadingpart;ifaaar-the Instance of the Attorney General, took action on this subject,andbyavoteoflitfoutof128passedabillpro vlotog fortbereductionofferriage,andfortheap- pointmentotCommissioners. Thatbillwaswithdrawn,took to til* heels, but the Marshal failed!© pursue him probablynotwishing toattractattention. Thsfucttire toundfriends,wholearnedhnhistory,andhavesenthim ontowardsCanada,or partsunknown. TheMarshalcx-cent, evidently, at a profit, and therefore a clear case wasmade out for ihe intervention of ihe Legislature la 1846theLegtetetare passedatewfortbeappointmentofComnttfiateasrs to license ferries; but provisions were insertedin the law, on tbe application of New York, which woreintended to make theactacheatandafraud. Onewa bama,madetheirreportonthe 14th tost The platformnessandhealthfulnessofaspectandgeneral appearance thatnoBananasshouldbegrantedwhichshouldinterfere takesihehighestpostibteSouthernground. ItinstateonBeVie MWawfl| MotSCInvwanuTtaand9€W*% AWamandins**/fear,Wm L Yancey,Levinx B. Meek, Wm_L Y ancey, Levi L. Lyon, Henry D. ~W Lawte,rar amtraet As asm*, antiwar $*w^Bsn anpatol during ttvhSM they ran at one cent Tbe lau presumption, bewere the reaurcfute earnings of ths company, overThe bill, to be of any effect, should be put through soon,The Oraynaras then adjourned.JOn Thursday evening an unusual spectacle wa* exhibit od in the vicinity of Jersey City ferry, font of Courtlaadt street CharlesJohnson,agentlemanofexceedinglyebo- nyhue,curlyhatr,profuseUp,and,toraughtthatat known to the contrary, thick cranium atoo, mad* his a p ' pearanoeattheplace Indicated,wtthDinahJohnson,hut spouse,andthreelittleblackresponsibilities, ranging Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and advocates of a great moralthe Gouveraeur aad atoontrattstreet tarry, none of which•a, will thou be mod.www.fultonhistory.com 