 6NEW YORK HERALD.NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22. I860.-' Seventh em its. » fi 3.1 •***gfS^tir-nTiur-''Y —TJ 'V<t|r v'TfcU JTrifctwi,WAlXiCKS raUTBK, Broadway-Bo-anes •» Asuggests, but that the armed intervention of the United States in the affairs of Mexico would lead to the acquisition, in a very short time, pt the provinces of New Leon and Tamaulipas—a magnificent region, capable of producing sugar and cotton, and rich in mineral wealth. But it is at the same time at least an open questionLAUBA IB-MIS THBATBK, «24.-Ji_sra fBMW BOWBBtTO- ATBI, Bewery.-Wau»A_a-_ABar -VS*-*-. ______BAJunnrs AMBSICAS arcrsBox Bwanway.-Aftor-BBTAKT'S MHfSTBEUi Marin-lea; Hall, fll Broad *v.-_«aw_, Bona*,DA-CM,_a-3csjns ATF«AraoBAB_rThe Maws*cy, setting a bright example to the younger States.is the acquisition of a new and disturbing poli- tical element; and we are therefore not sur- prised fo learn that unless the minds of Sena-tbe scene of tbe disaster following —He has also just reserved tt_ 'WiNf SaarTTB PrD M ,e^S*lp'!^^WB_raor teat tobrief particulars of tbe catastrophe as have of feeling, and from tbe Blue Ridge to the reached us are given in another column. The Bay shore, and back from tbe valley to thewreck of the Hungarian makes the fourteenth mountain, the tide of conflict rolled a< if it steamer which has beta lost since the commence- would involve everything in confusion andment of steam navigation between Europe and ruin. But in the midst of the battle the Ge- America. Subjoined we give the names of those nius of the State never for a moment forgot thethat have been lost:—it is as well, therefore, to act with proper pre- caution and deliberation in disposing of i tAs for tbe Tehuantepec route, we trust that the time is not far distant when the United States will be independent of all those channels outside of its own territory to reach our sister States on the Pacific. We are opposed to mak-Seward faction. If Mitchell should be elected, huDg fire. On Monday it passed both Boards,then there would be ample spoils to with an amendment, the effect of which is tohelp old fogy Bates to the nomina- permit the use of salt apon the city railroadtion at Chicago, to say nothing of the politi- tracks. As a matter of course the omnibus pro-cal prestige which would be thus established. prietors will take the same privilege, and theIf Defrees should be elected, then Seward Corporation will wink at i t The evil effects ofwould be elevated another rung on the ladder the salt are manifold. It generates a foul at-to tbe Presidency. The candidate of the Bates mosphere, which causes colds, sore throats, djp-Press can be found, bat K a thought tt may be ia the mail, a small portion of winch has boon saved ia aOne passenger ticket has been found, with tbe Ellen Sbeebaa upon aThe foliowing baa been aeat from Cape Sable to I Canard * Co> -"A steamer's lights were aeen oa Monday i three o'clock; at daybreak the spars aad pstanding, and at 10 A. M. all __4 SUMby tike board T-ea be ship setttad fast A asavynnt was running, breaking high over the ship. OommunlcaUon wfth the ship atpoastbto AU on board must kaee bem Uxt, «•_<_ tke oatil>ftQu»M*ptyondaylight,wkkhiinUUkeif. Mmwater part of the abip is atUlvaftle."This a all tbe uews that can be obtained tossjatThe Hungarian left Liverpool on WMneeday, the 8thaat, under oo__naad of Captain Jones, and touch at Woeenstown, Ireland, as customary with the vessels of the line, steaming away the next afternoon (Thursday, the 9th iast.)nv Portland.The Hungarian was on this ooeaajoa on her third ifrom Liverpool to Portland. her preceding trips Ibeen accompliahed in good time and under vary favora • bis rirrnn-tsnfioshe Hungarian, was a screw propeller nnlongiag to aw Montreal Ocean Mai! Steamship Company, who own i vessels, running alternately between Liverpool sad1 President2. Coi mbia3. Humboldt4. City of Glasgow6 Ctty of PhilAdftph'a.... All hanos saved.,great danger and the great duty that was be-fore her. Rising amid the din, she called to ing any very great sacrifices for securing theseNever beard of. Ail bands saved. < -her sons:—Peace, my children; not men to- routes for the benefit of speculating companies, day, but the nation, calls for our care. I have or appropriating millions for imaginary con- no favored son for whom to claim the honors cessions, but really for the advantage of theof the hour. Inscribe upon your banners prin- lobby in Washington and the harpies in Wall; . . Never heard of.8. Franklin 7. Arctic8 Paciflc9. I.yonnajg10. Tempest 11. Austria 12. Indian IS- -rgo14. HungarianScene papers having reported the Sazonia to be, . " "A few only saved...Never beard of. 1. A few only saved.Never beard of.Burned, with great loss of life. .Three Urea tost..All hands saved.street. This patriotism which requires such in tbe thickest of tbe fight, and mark tbe point vast pecuniary lubrication is somewhat sus- of danger. And there they stand now, calling picious. Besides all this, tbe large sums paidthe sister States to rally around principles, not for outside routes to tbe Pacific are not only a.AH baa s lost, probably.What a contrast does this noble example pre- sent with the course pursued by the New YorkBorussia, of the same line, took her place, and ar cradled in hidden primaries, gathering in secret rived at thai port on Batarday last conclave round "the slate," oa which the spoils The Port Office bulletins announce that letters are scored down against every shoulder-hitter-stect our Pacific coast from foreign aggression. ARCHBISHOP HUGHES ON LOUIS NAPOLEON- ABDsuch profligacy, and refused to stomach i t bowel diseases. What is wanted is entire pro- Tbe result is that neither of the candidates is hibition of tbe use of salt on the avenues, aschosen. One of them is withdrawn, and a third well as everywhere ewe. The railway compa-Bat little of importance occurred in Congress set of office hunters for tbe honor of pre- yesterday. In the Senate Mr. Seward introduced a senting some pet name, whose native lus- bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union. tre would not possess lone single ray if It waa arranged that Mr. Seward should addressnot set with the endorsement of tbe Empire the Senate oa Wednesday next, when he will pro- State, the contrast must bring the tinge of bably develope his programme for the Presidential shame to every honest cheek. Through thesedence, and treat8 the speeches at that gather- people by voting away the public money to ing in a humorous, but not uncharitable man- men of their own party, without considerationner. Tbe second article is entitled, "Suppres- received by Congress or the nation, why dothey not establish an upright system, and atsionofLibertyofthePressinFrance—ViolentAttempt to Cutoff Communication with Rome/'and contains a bitter condemnation of the sup-pression of the Paris Uhivers, the Catholicorgan there. The third article 1B on the newcommercial code of France, which meets withequal dissent from the official organ of theArchbishop. Thus it will be seen that thePope and Louis Napoleon enjoy a due share ofHis Graces attention this week. An we gavepublicity to the arguments on tbe side of LouisNapoleon and tbe Italian people, it is but fair,although the Pope's work is done, to give his session, what may we not expect before its zens of the Israelite persuasion seem to be at side of tbe question also, as it emanates fromcampaign. In the House Mr. Lamar delivered a juggling* New York goes forth to the battle a apeech on the slavery qaeatioa, and Mr. Davis, of divided band, with petty candidates and notMaryland, expressed hia views with regard to theoenaorepassedbythelegislatureofhiaStateupon great principles to fight for;whileVirginia hia vote for Mr. Pennington for Speaker. stands with close ranks and a solid front toThe Senate, ia Executive session, yesterday rati- face the danger, under whatever leader the fied the treaty of amity and commerce with Para- national voice shall call to be the standardoncegivetheprintingbyadvertisementtothelowest bidder, and only order so much work asis absolutely required by public utility?We have not much hope, however, thatthis abominable nuisance of street salting willbeabateduntil,asinLondon,ithascausedthe bee, Portlandor Montreal,inconnectionwithtbeGrandguay. The one previoualy ratified ia for indemnity.The Mexican treaty waa reported and read, and itsconsideration postponed till nextMonday. SenatorMason, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Be.latioes, gave notice that ha should move from dayto day to go into Executive session. Several re'publican Senators are known to be In favor of the plunder the public purse, and scold and treaty. The views of Senator Seward, a member of wrangle at Syracuse about who shall be namedWith all their professions of purity, the repub-lican party in this Congress have displayed the thousand persons met their deaths from dis- tbe following powerful Clyde built steamers —that committee, are a subject of speculation. as the spoils divider. With such an unworthyA great Union demonatration was held at the spirit animating ber public men, it is no Cooper Institute last evening, the large hall being wonder that her voice has lost its weight in the filled in every part The utmost unanimity and en* national councils. Whenever tbe Union meets thusiasm prevailed. The presence of Gen. Scott in Convention, she comes to its threshold with on the platfoam created the most unbounded furor contending delegations, and tbe general in-poputu The spontaneous ovation given to the terest is called to decide between her squab- gallant chief was of the moat pleasing kind, and bling sons. They bring no strength to thewill long be remembered. Addresses were deli- cause they fasten upon, but rather do they, vered by many prominent gentlemen, full reportsTROUBLE AMOXG THE JEWS.—Our fellow citi-^asans^jtassay wNeva Scotia, aa tbeiistof that aa-tortoesald haon the 28thMMa l t ,but tbepapersdo notcontain anyby the Mexican Congress, amounts to verylittle—becau-*,asfarasthat 1Bconcerned, if aadofthemenoftheRevolutionwhobelonged parallel,themodel republicisnotwithoutits-I tbe•firduringthatother ins-tuaoos, M M .A NATIONAL HouoAT.-It ia well that this nation, so great and so prosperous, is yet in its first bloom of youth. There are aval and women who will unite to-day ia celebrating tbe anniversary of the birth of the Pater Patrice who followed Washington to victory at Mon- mouth, aad shared ia the toils, aad trials, and tribulations of Valley Forge. Less than a cen- tury old, great and strong beyond all historicaltime.tions were read from tbe W - f - t » ofIslandappointed to confer with the Mayor sad Corpora tion Coon»el in relation to the fum of $300,000 left by the late Jno. Rons, Eaq., to found anae^dtural whc_lf_r_to_urti_«tJoaof|Mttq^CB_WwB. » eBoard then Adjourned.We bare flies from Jamaica, dated at I^getont o dCity Prisons.A committee ofthreegives ia.Ma>. M tbe lit at September iMt Bar* reached 3,987,000country have labored without ooaaiag to tonoBABu LOSS or rax HUKOABIAS. auxrii, r«oA larre steamer wejwest side of Case SaMe. No Sad between her and tbeImous Conduct of the Motiier of Presi- dents.Speaker? It selects for Clerk of the House an within our borders still uncultivated. To the outcast fromthe democracy, a man toofoul andB1BTH STBEBT, one doer east of Broadway.-SOUMKW'S fB-MA.TBIPLE SHEET.HawTark,Wedaesdajr,February*4,1860. tion,withaheartequaltothegreatemergen- acquiringterritoryweareinneedof,asitThe old spirit still lives in the Mother of Pre-sidVnts, and she has risen to meet the danger almost unmolested. It is not, therefore,rate any longer. They had seen his disgracefulletter, in which, by a stool pigeon operation,heproposedtomakehisvictimdrunk,andmanufacture evidence out of the ravings of in-toxication against tbe reputation of a marriedwoman; they were well acquainted with hisgross official irregularity when he actedin the capacity of Clerk before; theyknew that he was detested in his ownState, and by the representatives in Congressfrom Pennsylvania; and yet they deliberatelyelect this man to the same responsible office.It was tbe reward of treachery. The best com-mentontbecharacterofthemanoftheirchoicewas his indecent, drunken tirade on the night all sides, and in every public or private resort,HAUV AX, Fab. _t, 186S. condition of the streets and avenues in this The following* tbe only news yetobtained from thecity. The metropolis is covered with an inde- scene of the wreck —scribably nasty mixture of snow, salt, slush, Tbe large steamship ashore on the weat aide of Cap*and all manner of filth, toe deposit varying Sable ta tbe steamship Hungarian, which sailed from Their next performance is the contest for from three inches to a foot in thickness. The Quoeastowa on the 0th mat. for Portland.Printer. Blair, of Silver Springs, puts forward greatest nuisance of all is the salt Tbe Com- She to a total wreok, aad all her crew andMitchell, of Missouri, as tbe candidate of the mon Council endeavored to restrain tbe omni- are supposed to be lestBates faction, and Thuriow Weed puts against bus proprietors and city railroad companies A small portion of ber hall _ sow visible at lew'him Defrees, of Indiana, as the candidate of the from salting the streets; but the ordinance Nothing ttke tbe aawa -aassaa-ni farthat impends over tbe Union and the constitu-evidently so much a question at present ofThe proceedings in her Democratic Statethai a large steamship was ashora on the weat side Convention, of which we give a vivi I picture tors experience a marked change, there is noThe city was startled yesterday with the reportBAStnrowar, N. ft, Feb. a , 1M0.At a late hour last night we received the following osa- -rmation of tbe above reports —TOTAL LOSS OF THE STEAMSHIP HUNG ASIAN—HOT A SOUL ON BOABD SAVBO.of Cape Sable. As it waa known that three valu- elft where to-day, form a landmark in the arid prospect of the treaty being ratified in its pre- able steamers ware In the vicinity of the place of waste of political discussion. With two sons in sent shape. It will doubtless be amended so the disaster at the time the wreck was discovered, ber bosom, either of whom, weighed in the as to guard against any possible interferencescales of merit, would make any five aspirants between the opposing parties in Mexico, other-from Queenstown on the 9th instant for Portland. only men of deep and stern convictions can tbe parties especially interested in it, or whoIt is reported that she ia a total wreck, and it is fight Monroe and Accomac, the Tenth Legion make themselves prominently active in its ad- would have been lynched on the spot in anyprobable that every soul onboard perished. Such and the Swabians, Northern Neck and South vocacy, are not exactly the class of individuals Side, were stirred to the inmost depth from which to select disinterested patriots, andalive to-day; and having so thought, let us act accordingly.the moat intense and painful anxiety prevailedthroughout je&terday to ascertain definite intelli- beam, the question came up for tbe Old Do- There are a good many circumstances at- gence oa the subject. Last night the telegraph miniontoname her favored BOB. The parti- tending the negotiation and management of placed as in possession of the facts. The unfortu- sans of each stood stoutly by their man, and, this treaty calculated to throw an odor of nate steamer waa the Hungarian, which sailed with foot to foot and eye to eye, all fonght as stock jobbing speculation about i t Some offor the Presidency from other States kick theciples, not names, and send them forth to leadfaction at first obtained a majority of the re- publican caucus; but the candidate of Sewardmen, in this critical hour of our national his- tory.dry the feet of the children that have been struck_-___ta__ 1of l_rht upontheaublllgjlBaj^jPiajsssni,sjsw*'w- »» w i_ntatfibsaf-wi--« treatynowb-orethe Senate lav ratification. It appears that the principal ground Of opposition to .t is the authority which it confers upon th- admin* tration to intervene forcibly at the all of the government of Juarez; and this opp *a_o_ weare informed is not confined to any particular party, bat k shared equally by denworats andsadweBreconhiworthyofitare not a bit apolled by the praises which a n showered upon them, and that is tbe best proofthat they deservs them.THE COKGRESSIONAL PBINTINOBCPTIONOETHB REPUBIJC-NPABTT—Thedeve- lopements of corruption and rascality in the re- publican party which have been recently made ia their contest for the printing plunder of the House of Represeatatives have disgusted the respectable republicans, aad their progenitors, tbe whig- both in and out of Congress, The de- scendants of John Adams, the second President,«-the lobby peoplewhscannotaffordbrownonthematteriahand,no WRECKOFTIEsrEAiemm* or of the lobby"* «republicans.sent to each Senator against the ratUlaation of thetreaty, onthegroand that Joaren has no power to enter Into a treaty unless authorisedThe protest which IDraBson baawe enter Into any such treaty stipulations asto his school, ere scandalized and outraged at internal dissensions. Bad feeling has sprungop between the North aad the Sooth. Artfu1 Senate, it 1B manifest we most mainly republican party have made of themselves at aad designing politicians to all sections of toethe exhibition which the spoils factions in the depend upon ourselves to carry them Washington.are contained in the profit now before theaganet 2,:*8,000 ia 18*7, 1,716,0M In ISM,i,*7,000 in 1MB. The exports bare reached out Jf the treaty is ratified it is as- The republican party, notwithstanding its1.968,000 bales, against 1,410,000 a 1MB, 086,000 in IBM,and l,0tt,000 ia 18*7. The stock on band was 1,118,000balsa, against 1,008,000 ia 1869, 870,000 la 18M, and7M,000 ia 1867. The average fHmatsa at the Southof the crop amount w about 4,300,000 bales.Some asto-MOane exceed this amount, whileothers fall below it. Flour was firm, with afair amount of sales. Wheat w u in limited supply, andprices B r a . A email tot of choice white Kentucky wasfold at *1 60. Corn waa firmer and more active, withsales of Jersey and Southern at 79*c. a 8 0 * c , and whiteSouthern at 77)*c. a 80c. Fork was firm, but toss active,with sales of new meat at $18 M, and of new prime at$14 87 a $16. Sugars were steady, with sales of 1,200 a1,300 hhds. and 400 boxes, at prices given in anothercolumn. Coffee was firm, with sales of 2,243 oags Rio atl l ^ c . a 12%c. The stock of Bio yesterday embraced17,674 bags, 24,000 mats, and a total of all kinds of 50,-177packages. Freightsweresteady,whileengagements tionofMexicotodevelopeitselfmoreslowly constituteanyboneofcontentionwhatever. were moderate and rates unchanged. and by natural causes. We require some re- What is the first step of the immaculate re-KIBLO'S SALOON, Broadway.-Gio. Cwtsrr's Mmmu uiSows*.D-scas,BOKUMOM,*o.-niMoa-v. TbaGreat.Political Struggle—Magnani- tbecegroquestion. Therearevastregions publicanpartyinCongressafterelectingaACA»BMT OFMtrJBKJ. AA—L_OOT_«_OSS—ItiiJAJr O f *sumed that Juarez had ample power to Mattesons, has plained itself oa its general pa- That they hare boon successful to a certain negotiate it, and we will scarcely submit to any rity, and waged war against the dem racy OA extent Is evident from toe present hostile atti-attempt afterwards to go behind tbe record and question tbe constitutional authority on the part of the present Mexican ruler to maketude of the South, and toe commotion going on at the North. T o toe eyes of many persons it appears as if we were really oa the brink of the irrepressible conflict which Mr. Seward predicts, when, slowly and by degrees, there is a gentle uprising of the conservative element South aad North—the element which forms toe safety valve of the governmental engine. Qui- etly and unostentatiously toe strong men oftThere is no doubt, as our correspondentwhether it is not as well to permit the absorp- tradesmans legitimate profits, which would not it ought always to be observed. We view HTJHSA-IAJt. tbegeneralobservanceofthisdayasapo- fl-uiix,jr.a,r*b.a,pose here, too, from the feverish discussion oftwelve daya from Newpatriotic citizens appeal to tbe memory of its weather on Sunday evening, at six o'clock, oflivsrpsoisainted founders, and tbe politicians are very Nova Scotia, saw a targe screw steamer -*__fcf wm' glad to help on the special demonstrations in northwest. Hence the ateamer ashore at Cap. _ » ! , , „ honor of the fathers of the republic. This day probably tbe «***""hir Hungarian, Captain,has not uniformly been generally observed, left Liverpool oa the StbBStaat for Portland. The butjustnowitseemseminentlyproperthatthe oftheAssociatedPresshassentaspecialmessengertoAmerican people should come together to givethanks for a leader who. if not a Caesar, a Fa"bius or a Napoleon, united in his own personthe best qualities of the great captains, and was Tbe Consul returned from the island last sight, hat unsullied with their vices, unstained by their nottuuj ta yet known at to tbe wrecked atasaasasp. it u crimes. Let us all think what would be the aappoaed that all on board are iost. A vessel has goas conduct of the Hero of Mount Vernon were he round this morning.southwest the savage Indians yet roam corrupt and dishonorable for that party to tole-wise than diplomatically.velopement of the country, as also a necessary, that the high-minded portion of the republicans ly commenced, they will die as rapidly in the due at this port, it ia necessary to state that the politicians! A pettifogging Albany clique, very indispensable work, to enable us to pro- and the whigs in the House were revolted at winter of throat and lung as in the summer offor Great Britain, apecially directed to go "via name, springing snap judgments upon conven- THEPOPE.—The Metropolitan Record, the official Portland," will be neat every Friday—the mailman substituted; but neither is he elected. In fact, after a fortnight's manoeuvring, in which all kinds of corrupt overtures have been made, tbe election is come to a dead lock. What ne- cessity is there for this, if the republicans are honest? If they do not mean to defraud thenies holding valuable city franchises should be compelled to remove the snow altogether from their tracks and "dump" it into the river. There is no reason why they should not clear the snow from their tracks as well as private individuals from the sidewalks in front of their houses.clc-tog at I P. If. tions, and quarrelling with every other similarorgan of Archbishop Hughes, has three articlesin its issue of this week, on Louis Napoleon, thePope, and the Italian question, all of which wetransfer to our columns to-day. One of thesearticles is upon the late meeting held at theCooper Institute in favor of Italian indepen-bearer. Under such vile leadership the Em- pire State has lost ber once proud position, and become merely a thing in the hands of spoils-hunting demagogues, who plot, and scheme, and hatch at Albany, how best toeases propagated by street salting. Is New most flagrant and shameless corruption, cast- York to suffer in the same way to swell toeHungarian, Captain Jones Bohemian, Captain McMaster North Briton, Captain Orange. Anglo Saxon, CaptatB Balantiae. . Neva Sootts, Captain Borland. North American, Captain Alton. Oanadtan (new). .New ship building.As all the ships of tbe Montreal Mail Company ware alhis legate in the United States, Archbishop Hughes.close? loggerheads about a proposed Board of Dele-THE TENEMENT HOUSE BILL AT ALBANY.—We gates of American Israelites for the govern- most of consort «xe and capacity, we in a great measureThe Pope has been very useful for the lastten centuries in forwarding the civilization of nications suggesting reforms in the manner ofThe North Briton a a beautiful specimen of naval ar- Europe. He did quite as well in repressing the erecting tenement hoases, and demanding that sand, and who now amount probably to over . u ^ ^ . ^ ^ mrtmaM to U_A carve wb_aborder ruffians of Germany, Gaul and Helvetia, they shall be provided with adequate fire es- twenty or twenty-flve thousand. We pualiah I mikn , . , . . „ , « . , tiBiitmmtkm ^ wtkkh *. capes. Suggestions as to the precise manner in another column a protest from tbe Har-Sinai fers tbe least resistance to the water; aad tbe rest of thein bis time, as Henry Ward Beecher and the other in which the houses should be erected, and ex- congregation agaiast the attempt to establish hull te a graceful proportion.Puritan people in this country didin repressing actly what sort of fire escape should be used, what tbe Protestants denominate a Jewish The vessel to 8S0 feet in length, ber breadth of beam to the border ruffians of Kansas. But the Pope, are also numerous. We do not print any of hierarchy, and a scheme more worthy of thein his mission of olden time, used the wespons 89 feet, and depth of bold 27 feet. She a about 2,SO* of Christ He did not employ Sharpe's rifles, these letters, for obvious reasons. In the first sons of Loyola than the sons of Abraham; and tona burthen, and a propelled by double engines of SfS likeourPuritanPopes. Andnowthatthe place,everyoneseesthenecessityofreformin wearerequestedbytbepresidentofthecon- horsepower. TheengineswereconstructedbyMessrs.the tenement house system. The owners of gregation to give it publicity, because '-it wasborder ruffians of Germany and Gaul, as well the houses themselves are by no means blind chiefly due to the irresistible influence of tbe Tulloch A Denny, Dumbarton, aad the vessel built by Mr.as the border ruffians of Kansas, are all put to this necessity, but they will pat off the HERALD that a similar project was frustrated William Denny - Brothers, of the aaaa place. February 18, the raaga _f t i e barometer and ther- danger, the patriotism to lull all minor in- down, let us consign the Pope of Rome, in his work as long as possible, in the hope that the four years ago in Cleveland." Tbe North Briton contains four decks: MM orlop deck,mometer, the variation of wind currents, aad the terests in view of tbe nation's peril, and the temporal capacity, and all our Puritan Popes— present feeling on toe subject will subside aad It would appear that many Israelites fear the 'tween seek, the main and spar decks She pos- state of the weather, at three periods during each heroism to strike right heartily in behalf of all, for we have plenty of them here—to tbe tomb their money be saved. It will be easy enough that this scheme bears a political complexion, sesses the same facilitiea for taking in cargo or unloading day,vi_:at»A.M„andJand9o'clockP.M.:- carelesswhetherthehonorsofthehourfall oftheCapuleta,withgreatrespect,decorum whentbeCommonCouncilhasthepowerto andtheyobjecttoaunionofChurchandState asaretobefoundintheothersteamersbetongtaftott»of which will be found in another p u t of this day's paper.like fungi upon the monarch of the forest,draw upon its life stream to feed their ownBy the arrival of the overland mail we have ad' vile needs.vices from San Francisco to the 30th ult The news, Tbe position that Virginia has taken however, is unimportant The markets were very in tbe face of the coming contest re- dulLTherehadbeenBOarrivalsfromAtlantic stores her to her old proud stand ports anhseqae-t to the 27th nitThe annexed table ahows the temperature of the amid the States of tbe confederacy. She hasatrnosphere to tikis city daring the week ending shown that she still has the prescient eye for7KTupon the brows of her own sons or on those of and regard. And let us inscribe the name of do it, to define in what way the safety of In the kingdom of Israel. One of the pro- company; and Ilka Ibaas has a steam engine on th* main BOOM more fortunate hero. She baa shown her each legibly on his coffin, in order thai in lodgers in tenement houses shall be secured. visions of this project is the establishment ef a deck far boating cargo from the held. Bar consciousness that principles endure whilemen future times visiters to their resting place What is wanted now is the power to compel court of arbitration exclusively for Jews to mania far internal •aiiaaaaaiBl ataaa oris port" die, and has nobly preferred the enduring to may remember the good each one has done in the builders and owners of the houses to nuke settle disagreements between individuals or all that could be desired, and S would seemthe evanescent Her action at this great crisis his lifetime, and be inspired thereby, as those them secure. The Counsel to the Corporation corporations, without having recourse to the haabeen Mat undone which would saaaratha safety of forms an example which all should emulate, are supposed to be who visit the tombs of the has sent np a bill to Albany which provides ordinary law courts of the country. The eccle- the paaaengara, craw aad eaifa. Bar arew, all tola; andwhich,wehope,marksanewerainour heroes,thesaintsandthemartyrsofantiquity. that toe Common Council9 shall have siasticalraleproposedtobeestablished,itis aa-anastoUS-_•;tfetoa_*aSaaassettorspolitical history. We have to go through a THE SEVENTH REGIMENT ON ran MABCB.— authority to make doe and needful contended, revolts against the spirit andes- wbo have charge of tbe Bm-toasaad ailinaryfight sac- as has not been known since the Our &Ut corps paraded in full force yesterday, regulations as to the building of houses sence of Judaism, and it is therefore opposedchild Liberty was bora on tilt shores of and departed for WMhtogton, where they will designed for toe occupancy of more than oneby a large number of the Jewish congregations. We commend the document to which we refer to those who are interested in the controversy, and, without offering any opinion upon the subject, we would merely remark that at a timeof tbe extant of the*MrDJ efaAll the elements of evil, fanaticism.assist in the inauguration of the statue of the Pefer _>«***, to be sat op fa, the Capitol gronnds to-day. Of course thegaUaat Seventh will receive all doe honors at the federal me-tropolis, compliments from Congressmen, puffsfamily, and to prescribe by ordinance the de- tails for the erection of such buildings aad the ire escapes. In case toe sot fa infringed, a Penalty of five hundred dollars accrues to the Fire Department fund. The bill presented by ah-. Bronson is so clearly and simply drawn that even a member of the Legislature can un- derstand i t When the assembled wisdom comes together oa to-morrow, after having beentowi*^—fJajBoaan vAJF/ n^hAfct_*>.—UtJLwhkh threatens 2wv*v* sm vWufVwV a questionof institutions whichw a sfrom the diplomats, t a d the everlasting adora tion of all the crinolines. Their visit is con sidered hem as that of the representative corpsTbe Montreal Company have already lost when we are endeavoring to abolish tbe union t_« Indian, wtoch ton Iivarnooi on tbe 9th of»BW HHsvy,K*_CUJ_SaeBWflw|_da_i,entBof Church and State In the Papal territories,and diminish the temporal power of the Pope,it is somewhst incongruous to seek to establisha Jewish Papacy, with temporal power vestedin exclusive Jewish courts of law, in tbe United doubt existed far aaaaa time as toldeattty. Oor States. ; European files Inform us that tbe Bnttoh Board of daifT^-L^!_7J?»5__f*-*w<^lhB *Cartas. has.afterdoeinquiry,acquittedtbemasterofthedale. 1 a , was fired ou Tuesday morning by Owen HiurJns. of blame, but centurod one of ha subordlnstoaprimer,wboperishedintbeBamer Thebulldin_\ra85rattif"t,0,e4' ****" ^ ^ »urt boo_?I__ not slewing off speed when ae-rtng sach aofNewYorkvo^wiieerBaultia, and the other tefreahed by a short vacation, we hope thatoor children. The white »i__a/J? £__? ,marks the point of danger? D T this w__?"^ if they mustered under the name colors, aad home member will move forward the New Yorkthat ana, tat the principles, the Fair* ^ * £crack regiments are as proud of the Seventh aspreseatedaimstotbesamestaff. Thisesprit tenementHousebBL Tothousandsofpeoplenationallife.wmm mmin thia city it ia of much more consequence than Pro Rata. When a _uertJoAof raflweydv.corps,asdisplayed bytheoffersofescort Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069coagt, be btirgUi charge aiUiemonwBVof his election against the Chief Magistrate of there is one universal groan about the filthythe Union—an act for which the ingrate ruffianother country in tbe world.dred diseases. Reports from the ward schools and Weed supplanted him on a second trial. state that extra fires have to be maintained toLarge offers of tbe proceeds of the contractwaste of money, but they retard tbe buildingof that great highway within our own borders were made to the Republican Central Commit- with the salted snow. Already tike mortality which, sooner or later, must be constructed, as tee if it would secure the plunder for Defrees, among children has alarmingly increased, andwell for the benefit of our citizens and the de- This bribery would have been successful but unless some reform in street cleaning is speedi-ing into the shade the blackest deeds of the de- dividends of two or three overbearing and in-mocracy, who have never been guilty of such open violations of tbe public trust, and such in- decent exposure of their own naked infamy. When they show their hand thus early in tbesolent corporations and omnibus proprietors? We trust n o thit voice. bilLLook out for tbethe ground of its abominable corruption , par-ticularly in Congressional printing, for the lastseven years. But no sooner have the republi-cans placed one of theirnumber in the Speaker'schair, than two greedy factions of their ownparty enter the arena in a hand-to-hand fighttor the printing of tbe House of Representa-tives, involving spoils, perhaps, to the amountof a million of dollars; whereas, If the partywho has the control of the House were pore as the country will come forward to-day toit pretends to be, the printing would not bring celebrate the anniversary of Washington'swith it a dollar of plunder, but merely a birthday as a great national festival, as TUB STBAH-B ASHOBB ON OAI_ 8Alitical fact of marked significance. When- The brig Cygnet, which •rrhrsd at this port atevertbecountryseemsinanydanger,itsmoreYork,whatlyiaftoi_thickTHE AWFT/LCONDITION OF THESTREETS.—Ontheria, scarlet fever, measles, and other kin-death ot so many persons that an indignant Trunk Bailway of Canada, lost aa suited the tntarests of * people will demand its suppression. In the trade and travel.British metropolis it is estimated that ten The service of the line was performed at latest dates byare in receipt, almost every day, of commu- ment of Jews in this country, who num- describe tbe Hungarian when we republish the following bered at the last census nearly seventeen thou- description of tbe North Briton —the ateamer, but has not babiybrraiOarUAssrapi during thej e tftaWJU nea at www.fultonhistory.com 