 ithey thought theArmenians should btKome Protestants, as.lirotesUiiitism was a better religion than* Armeuian- im,. In r ebruary last an Armenian Hr.»nie Missionary^Socxe^ hail been formed which at once' raised 2,0;>0 - ^,had now two native a'issionarieaby the sovereign edict ol charity save not only their UVMH, but boniest liberties from unworthy bondage, as well may a maniac party aj;ain«t any private covenant! which he or sho uever en- t»-red tu hi* or tier miacLief, be redeemed from unsupportuOle disturbances to honest peace andjust contentment."•Reuilvcd'Xhtit all'.m6n are created equal; and all women, in natural rights, ure the equals of men, and endowed by their Crea- tor with the uauii' inalienable right to thu pursuit of happiness.comer ofFiftyj-third street and First avenue, Adarn'Schwartz, cdJoct__njoming and'evening--" The Course of Empire."W m . W e l l s B r o w n , a nutive Of tho South, wilTdeiiver rt stiperior to any other medicinal Spring Water now) in, use. TheW'•> 'Minteresting account of the manner of life of the Ijlmdoos. Iheiewere1,1Ouvillagesinthedistrictof Ahmednug- gur which tbey hoped to see soon occupied by mission-giving up to her partner that which we have endeav- oredtosecuretoher.FISI ER—At White Plains, on Friday, May 11, Authony W. 'Fis er, aged 30'years.Thefliiertilwillltukeplaceonthe13thiiiHt.,at10a.m.Turner's ForestT^Winelriitt^s"«re~themostrtliablo medicine eyi>r introduced for the prevention and permanent curs Church of the Restoration, comer Iof Monroe-place and Clark-st, of Dyspepsia, Liver Complaint, Biliousness, or any derang :men't of the I/igesi ive Organs. They create a good appetite, enrl :h thafiShips—Lady Franklin, Jordan* Liverpool, Samuel Thompson's COCK, I). D.; Moderator, fce, W AL TER CLARKE, D. D. fore this Society will be delivered by Qi*> Bon. GEO. W. SUM* children fly sprieking from the blows of a drunken ge*<H; Surprise, Ranlctt. Hong Kong, A. A. Low &.Brb. present. . •, - EVENING, the 14th inst., at 3 o'clock,?, m. The' public gener-^1itsthe main chains, and from thence overboard, and was lost; it being , A 1'ter a general discussion,- the resolutions were night and a heavy sea on, could not save him.t.GeneralSuperintendent. JOSEPHC.CLINTON, AssistantingthelawsofGod. Drinkcold«ajtor,eath.-althybreadleave l^ite supper* ulono, ?o to bed and lit-e early. For;further portiou- hirs sec the W A TER-CURE JOURNAL, published monthly byV - " FOWLER&N\!_iLLS,-Noj^Broadway,N.X.§Smith,. "-.tlie" H a t ^ ^ . i ^ ' x ^ A ' ^ J M i ^ o I i ^ ^ ijf105, and the Rev. DANIEL H. TEMPLE of Aurora, N. Y., inH-FinePlatedWareatRedueed Prie*«.r-IC PIT CHERS, $6&0 to *1Q» COFFEE URNS, * | to ;*13; TEA WOOD—Ir, this city, on Thursday morniiig, May 10, of croup, MORNING at 10//o'clock, und j u the-EVE«ih TO-M(JiXROW Mercnntile I.ihrary Association*—Tho AnututlEh»o- SETS, 6 pieces, $20 to Aa&; CAKE BASKETS,JM *• *6l••j ^ ...BrProtestant Dutch Church, d » withdrawal of tnc Board from the all this and direct our whole attention to one little por- uVldseftbeAbs^oui*, Choctaw, and Kolapoor missions, andthe waking of*,« three m*«ion» in \V*rtern india into one nns- tion of the earth? Contrast the heathen man iuid * W tbe mimWr which te MM w«« reported a* 29, Js now 22. woman, as seen in Africa, with the Christian. £ee ah*ie occupy 120 utathn- And 128 a»:t-statiou*. Che number ot the heathen woman digging in a field where the grassless |hildren shivering around the heart l where tho fire if love haejlong ago gone out. 'Shi looked upon the fitmily aa the c<raservator of naticnal virtue; but what family was'tha; where force and IjjiiteruledJ and crushed out hope an<. love ? Can that'name be sacred where a helpless woman lives in legalized prostitution with a man'from whoso touchPORT OF NEW-YORK. Max IL NOON, ct 3; EVENING, at ?£ o'clock. The public are invited. for the round trip to cnicago and return to New-York can be had.1 .Seatsfree. ; • . . forTHIRTY DOLLARS/ Tickets good from this datetottS 1st of Jane inclusive. Apply to JAS. KELLY, from9 to 2 p. N o t i c e - M r . ARTHUR T.~PlERSON will be ordained to. auatNo, 32Chombers-st.: irom 3 to 7 p.m.at No.21 Irving*Cleared.G. Dele; City of New-York', Van Santcn, Bremen, Gelpcke, bath). EVENING, May 13, at-74- o'clock. Sermon by S. D.,Keutgcn & Reicbelt. BURCHARD, D. D. Charge to candidate, by R D HITCH- O l d D o m i n i o n S o c i e t y .—The Anniversary Address be"-. .t"woaid be removed by those whom God laid blessed with abundant means. '. • "..aftcrnoorjnnt2 ofclock. - • s -.' THOMPSON—On Thursday, May 10, aft^ir a protrdciod illnoss,Washburn; at 7> iu tho EVENING, by the Rev. S. Itev. J. C. "invited./-ion Conference will sit on SATURDAY, 12th fnsL, at 4U10MBmr <• Vrm• ' "" 'l r" '• ••'•• "• I- - • - • • -•••• • '• •- '• • •fcii •• •••>'•""-••-••-.*-'••';.'.':• ':InfltBHivf on SerTjce»,on the settlement ofthe Rev. AL-•JL''Si••\U- i_-.m l a the Broadway Tab-wnacie, Thirty-fourth street sad Broad-.nJB«X* ', -?National fXerD-blicnn Cotrrentfo-, «-• _- Mi At CHICAGO, MAY la, 1800.7^*ANNIVERSARIES.that the religion of Mohammed, would give jlace to the religion of Christ. . .FRED -H-ARlrtiJi Pn«tor, of-;th'*. Baptist Church at Hoboken,. will be^vidat that Church on SABBATH. 13th intt, commenc-ing>t8| o'clock^ Sermon by the Rev. T. ARMITAGE, D.D.:•j&tdrtp-ool.. - -j.'.'• •' •" ,, ,•• '•'. •••••;- i \ ;•••.,.,...,Now-York........Hamburg... .May 15 "Jolnuwt. JW.jE: Chnrcfa«-rPreachin« TO-MORROW, ati EXCURSION TICKETS for iho trip 'to Chfcofo tad refer*Stwr^r; MAT18.jlxxnseur TKxXrK G-JARDUST SOCIXTT (Annual Meeting)—0 K of creation. He had a pleasant borne, 1,200 miles be- yondibisCapeofGooclHope, ^dl0^L1^ebi irom which he could seethecommerce of^the^world•May iQ .May19 .May isVik a. m , by the-raster, tho Rev. E. L. JANES,'and at Ik p, m- byibeBevWM.P.STRICKLAND,D.D.SundaySchool«t 9ond2o'clock.Prayer-Moethnxbeforeandaftereveningpreach- ing. Daily Union Prayer-Meeting from 12to1o'clock.'•• ' *:' - For *3». 77%?..- , .] • TicketsgoodfromMay10toJune1,1S«0,ONANYTRAIN,' Leaves New-York by Hodsoa River Railroad orPeople's I__*FOREIGN MISSIONS.ner of Evil and unclcanneee. G. Stellway, Birgwood, 1>. 1>. Deans,,Mr. Linnmatj.Mr. «otits- receive Eastern Delegates at DetroitThat was Rood. He had seen women starting up, aud f?ctdffcd, That next to the calamity of such a birth to utho .childs, E. G. Hyer, Oelpeko, M. Arnold, .Mayor,^. O ^n,U. ING, from 10 to 12 o'clock. On Sunday, the 13th, the Commit- For Excursion Tickets, Time Tables,Guides,Ice, ftpnlI IITbe annual meeting m bebaif of tbo American Board of Coaaaaiwaoner* for Foreign M«woriB wasfocM yes-sneaKiwr for their right to manhood. That was not irood Liberty for four millions of i»e« in bondage.;child,Js the miBfbrtune of being trained in the atmosphere of a household whero love is not tho luiv, but whore discord arid bit- teTuee||abound'. staitiping their demoniac^ foaturcli on the moralMaitlaud, 8. W . Ross, C. Southerlaud Youngs, • Hawtmmin, tt. Pockott, C. Whipple, Austin, Gundor, G. Bennett, Guuter, Itois-tee on Oigauizotion, orPlonof Action, will make their report. The public are ryspectfully invlteji. ••'•''... '_EXXOXS CJ.AIU4,D. 6l«_iu_, jtoSecretary Wox>» read an abstractof the annual state-•abotJt a.nOt) are at.preaettt contained in the 310 free schools, 16 boarding-schools, and 7 .-seminaries of the missions. Tbeolog- 1cW clause* of young men' are also taught at some of the station* in, Turkey. -£xduKvve of many net thus admitted, particularly in Western Asia and Pet»ia, more than 50,000 hopei'ul converts have, from "the beginning, been brought into Ch.i.tian churches. Only ' 2,100 of these were gathered during the tirst half of the period of the Board's exi*tence. The average additions of the lait tenthe impossibility of happiness in such alliances. jj THE TRIUVJNK, J-know, asserts that.these wretched men (and -women are united by Divine authority,.and that man mast) not separate .them. But.T'cto not "believe that all wisdom will live and die'with Horace GreeleyJAmerica was too mean, too* stingy to continue these<j;URRY, at 3and 7£ o'clock.INorth Trinity Church.—This new organization will holdto the the above address before the Old Dominion Society, they are requested to attend accordingly.iganixed in five years. The existing membership in. th«?se is about23,00»>. gratifyingasareUieabovestatistics,theyare, however, but a feint exprexsion Of the moralrand spiritual dy- najuiic«-of the roisadonary enterprise. These, like the hidden lortea of nature' in a creation making all things now, can be neither measured nor weighed.that many elderly eyes were affected.to tears. night pigmrls with a steamer bound E.; 8th, lat. 42, Ion. 56, passedTheI\ev.Mr.WALKER'oftheGaboonMission,H mar]iagewasfarmoretowomanthantomim;hewas' shipJosiahL.Hall,boundE.;sameday,at10a.m.,LsaWalarg.j- NovfoUi-strectM.E.Church(nearStanton-st.)—Tho CampaignClubheldameetingatthoIVthWardReadiug-•-••....-?4i* I».......*.*-*,..-• .i.,*..,.*',,,...-.*..,-.'-.- ••'-•'; ,'***'.•• ' ' • • ' •- • • r . - t - . . - . '—£.—~•*••••'""teverumen't, by its laws or on»tom« ;oe|ape)s. it« con- l|f swietyibr (roveriiTM.,..-, -^ ... • % ,. ,thmanc l utwuys to the grief of one of the purtiftaJaVal actual loss and dari*$e of both, jit usurps an authority novel "dologutcd .to man,n*r«xerci»edbyOodhimself. .... , iMowementH of Ocean Hteamcrs.TO DEP ART.. ;[. yDate.-'.vv^DW•* '©»da*n^nw«o>iari«w i*TTi, of whom nine are ahophy-uciuns: was as high as her head, while her lazy husband was and of labour* sent ft-m this country, including tire nnordauicdrhysiciaus, in 389. Tlw native agency comdsta of 21 pastors, 218 takingtsnuff and drinking beer at home. .Steamships—City of Manchester, CummingB, Liverpool, John Church. nesrCth-av. (7;r. BURCHARD'S), TO-MORROW (Sab- . to 9 p. m. , . ' ''" class o'f the people; btit, thoogh'OUyen violated by a Digoted po]>-•late and a ven<4aud inefficient magistracy, it is so far realisedthat our o>is»iouaTy operations have a wide scope, ami the reli- good absolutely demands the ends which we seek, in giousieiormaii»uobtainsafreedevelopmeut. Thelong-looked-tor end is i*acbed in the contact of the Oo»p»-l with the Moham-Baedan ii incl. and the practical abrogation of the death penaltytorconversiontoChri»tiauity. OurmissionstotheOrientalM v 9, by the Rev. James Brownlec, James Wilkinson, esq.,M ll.,'to"Miss Lizzie Y. Burton. I WIf,LARD-|BRYAR—At West Neck, Huntington, Long In ind, on 'Wednesday, Mav 9, by tho Rev. Francis Vinton,1)1 D.,| I. X | Baron Willnrd of Brooklyn, N. JY., to Mary,Bark Magdulena, Day, Asphiwall April 20, hides and bark to J. F. Joy. "Court of Death.• i Ifl(.hii.tl ij.« a»e becoming directly what tney have been]Indirectlyand eUeetivi]v, missions to tile AIotiauitueda.'is. So wonderful,in the estimation of*the older uiiskljuaries, are recent? evidences country as well ? We feel the need of this education* |At Brooklyn, on J/Hday, May llj, Harriet Vanthe cup, bulwarks stove, aud Hying jibboom gone; apparently had verv bad weather.ot asaving ctfccaey, wrought by the preaching of the!convertedm our own daily experiences. We learn more readily by contact with educated minds than by books.' HowBLJ :ECKEHm nBselaer.lijloecktir, widow of the lute Alexander N. Bleocker.The relatives and friends of the faniily are. invited to attend her .fit end at'St. Thomas's Church, Broadway, New-York, onSi ulay afternoon at 3£ o'clock.BR,iWN-lii Havana,Cuba,onFriday,March23,inthe48d—: ! 1 x. • i , T h e K e v . J o h n fif. M a n n i n g of South Brooklyn, wllTuik, Se.hn Knem.i (Mr. Williams), and tne iuitnonce which, ~** -"^h&'chliiiiiiin Swiptnres are gainiag•amongTurtjiinJGonstauti- important then, that married people especially, shouldBrig .Henry Matthews (of Searsport), Lampher, Cardenas 20 preach in Market-st. Chnrch, TO-MORROW MORNING, atuopie and- elsewhere, that one of tnem was led to exclaiiii, i.i•view of these: "This is a day of ndracJes'." And another be able to instruct each other. The children of such adays, sugar to Nesnrtth ~ Sons. April 29, expuriencod a heavygale from N. E., during.which los.t rudder, carried away foretop- the EVENING, at 7J-. _ J gallant. mast, head of mainmast,.jibboom, stove bulwarks, split suils,]oiftdeckloud,-andreceivedotherdamage;hasbeensteer-says; ••J'aetsare cou.iiig to our fcnowledgo every day-.which tuuswithasCunlMhinei.t. itreallyseemsasthoughtheheav-ens weie about to diop down upou us abuu'lantly."• Shall the work tLus Blessed of Ood be adequttely sustained Thenroxpectinregardtothetreasuryexcites solicitude, but ipair'are born to a glorious inheritance.'!lie. speaker descanted particularly on marriages, y| r of his n^e, Capt. David Brown, a native of Maine, and ing with a spar since.•t.May,12 South Africa eaid that \ had to WokfUS?* %&e ud i Xtwli *d, That obitorvation and experienco daily Rhow how in- City of Monchcetor... .New-York ,..Liverpool... .May 12After anbtlwr byran.th/dBev. P*»«t.Li»"*ofKeW-Yoik. comper sjntore rrjonjas individualB, or as governments, to »olect Teutonia.....way.*t7Jo'clockp.rn.jtiattttaauKT or Bmtxut SI-NPAT SCIIOOM, at Dr. Dow-> goiRft to and fro on the Indian pecan. To the West !K-lecti<n:of matriinbniul partners,,the dictates ol humanity uudSteamers. * ^^* A SPLENDID EXCURSION TRAINHag's Cbnre>, Bedford street, at 7£ p. ru. Adresees by the Rev. he looked through thousands of miles of unbroken;, Comm« a sense ulilije show, that tho latter and piost importnntMrs. Cora Xt. V.,H&tch,.ejt Hope Chapel, No. 710Broad- for Delegates or excursionists leaves Niagara PaUw on MONDAY May14.at6a.m.,reachesDetroitat1p.m.;andChicagoati&yeansyethohadUlkedwitll Rcaomrd,ThatchildrenbomintheBnunhappyandunhallowed X o u f S s who for the first-tune heard tbe name ol^ connection* are, inihe most solemn aud important sense, of.au- Jc!uf Hehadhcai-dduringtheweekmanythWaJ lnwl'uljpirth—theTriuitoflust,butnotoflove;andHOnotofG'od,Mrs.^llen,lli««Hunt,Lemmon,Mr.andMrs.J.B.Hunt,MJHO Gxinnell, Mawseay, Mr. and Mrs. Mackay, Mr. and D. 1. aorrrs- da,CeptTurnerandlody,V.S.N.;JMr.GrowskiNoel,F.trUc-vevcni»)8.Subject'ofdiscoursetojbeselectedbyacommitteeof he audience in the evening.THENEW-ENGLANDDELEGATION, accompanied by Gilmor's Boston Bro*s Band, stay over Sondov atNiagaraFalls,andtakethisExcursionTrain. 'had beds andtables, with good table cloths and writiiigdesks, and for every letter which he sent down to th«5-seaport, he sent five for the natives. They enjoyedcorrespondence. He protested against being obligedSloop—Soulhport, Gladwin, New-Haven, master.. Steamer—Beverly, Pierce, Philadelphia.J"•• • L. P. HUBBARD, Secretory. Isaac J. Oliver, Steam Job Printer,At the Old Stand, Marble Building, . I No, 32 BEEKMAN-STREET, NEAR WILLIAM.kto the general benefit of the mariy ? Man's highestThis GREAT AND auii_IAIE i'ALMTING, by Rembrondifinehome,somefor money, some for-position, some,•too hi'pef-il. It is uu enro'ir-ging fact, that under all the pres through fear of being old maids. She said: We laugh alt -nd the funeral from MRlate resinence. No. 49 Butler street, Matauzas for New-York, 4 days out.nav ot the financial cslis. tbe receipts of butt year were the BT oklyn, ori'Sunday, 13th inst., at 2»Vo'clock p. in. Brig Amanda Jane (of Newport), Dorr, Cardenas 9 days, sugar Uuge»t ot any year of the rJoard »history except that ot' lil5.i-~. at these; but we laugh where all that is sacred in hu- BAl L—In Gnindville, Kent County, Mich., on Tuesday, May 1, andmolasses to-master.man nature is at stake. True, you may win; but who 4MC14.&72, which is i^?,H24 in advance of the receipts iu the same dare play where the hazard is so great / The adoption.tie ptesent year. To meet the appropriations to the missions, ture and reason.. Avocations are slowly opening Ma ij13, at 12 o'clock.Hathaway. April 17, off Pcruambuco, spoke 'schr. Brontes, from I ROUNER will.preach at the former place at 7.Jp. m. Montevideo for New-York; May 1, lat. 26 40, Ion. 61, signaled apaintedportbarkshowingablueswallowtailsignalwithwhite The Second Presbyterian Church, South oth-st.' cross in center, steering N. comer of Jersey-uv., Jersey City,! the Rev.' GEO. C. LUCAS,and to have an unincumbered treasury at the present jubilee an* niversary, the earnest efforts of the iriendts of the Uoard are ne eeasary.to women, however, and there is much promise m thatfact.Wittinafewyearsmuchhasbeendone;womenSing line papers please copy..COY iiRT—At his residence, at Shrewsbury, N. J.,jon Thursday,494 BijetrdSvay. Call aud see it.ThePrinting-HouseoftheUNITED STATES.KEOROE F_. NESBITT, & Co., 36 days, coal to master. Has had very stormy westerly weather o'clock, and in (he EVENING at 7} o'clock. The public are re- GKSEKAL JOB BIUNTKKS,Jar. DOD';E stated that this was the 50th anniversaryMar10,afterashortillness,Cai)t.JohnCovert,aged02'years aiidjlO months.The Rev. SAMCEL LONGFET.LOW came forward andGOO )RICH—lln this city, on Wednesday, May 1), Samuel . arie»; tliey were all ojjen to the preaching of the Word. made a br ef address. He said the chief thing in the Gri wold Goodrich, aged t>7 years.T h e K e v . Hem*y B l a u c h a r d , Pastor, will preach in the• tricts. little churches were springing up everywhere. atte id the funeral,on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, from Schr. Elizabeth, Smith, Albany,.mdse. for Boston. woman he itself; men are more willing to grant your St. Sarthol'nra'jiWs Church, Lafayette place, corner of Groat Schr. Bolivar, Ingraham, Rockland o days; lime.Tli» was a most interesting and important era. liy a rights than you are to claim them. The whole of the Jon j) street, without further notice. The remains will be Schr. Monitor, Roberts, Warohani 3 days, nails to master.blocd. Strengthen aud brace upthe system, are very fine Havered, and pleasant to the taste; are econominal and cheap. Sold in fu11quart bottles for 50 cents by the Principal Druggists tvery- where. ••N a t i v e 'Wines.—FRF .D'C S. COZZENS, sole Agent for NICHOLASLUNGWORJL'H'S OHIO WINE.coffer* ft r sale Erooklyu Tabernacle, on Fulton-av., near Hoyt-st., ou SUN- SPARKLING CATAWBA,<lu Pints and Quarts, Viutoge 1866.decision of the Government all of wuatever caste who . eu.br;.ct d Ghristinnity, were in the eye of the law deemed to be of the Lighehtcante. He concluded-withmatter now before us is, that man and wouAn—made and placed side by side—are and should be coequal in all the rights. Whatever, a person can do they shouldtakj i injthe afternoon to Connecticut for interment.GOOl WIN—Iii Williamsburg!), on Friday, May 11, Mrs. Jane,wifi of Churle's Goodwin, aged 36 years.The f neral will tuke place from her late residence, .No..12GSchr. S. S. Buckingham, Skinner, Portland 2 days, stone. Schr. St. Lawrence, Patterson, Machias Sjdays, lumber. • Schr.-Plzarrb, Chase, Gloucester 2 days, fish.Schr. T.Nelson, Nelson, Virginia,, oysters. .I b e K e v . S . R e m i n g t o n will preach in the Mount Olivet Paptht Church, corner of 6th-av. and 41st-st., TO-MORROW MORNING, at 10i o'clock, and id the EVENING at l\ o'clock. tPrayer and Conference at 3 o'clock p. in.an interesting but lengthy story of the tried piety of one have the r ght to do it. Opportunity should be limited Son i Eighth Istreet, on Sunday, the l'<<th, at 2 j>. in. The _ Schr. Rio, Thornton, Virginia, oysters. Jof the Hindoo converts. only by ability. As water finds its level, so man or frict is of the family are reapectfullj' invited to attend without Schr. Jackson, Bonner, Baltimore 3 days' coal.parttietpnbusiness}teaclier8fortheirchildren, ininistersofre- Hpioii,! or mukcrs, ladjudicutors or administrator! ? of their lawn, andosihe same wjiaknena and blindness muut attend, iu theCanada..1Illinois. City.ofWashington..vNew-York.coritraitshouldnomore be perpetual thaneitherorallorthe vesselshadbeensailing;former:- Hi SPnsncngerw ArrivedInttcamthipAtia,fromLiverpoolandQuecnatotou--Mr.a;jd way,SUNDAY,ma/13.Lecturescomniouceat3J-p.m.,and«,p.nx,thusavoidbiKnishttravel.Dr.AtaD.Smith,Dr.Dowling,andother*.Singingby-the imlOOKeuuirot«u •cholars. ' "~\ ^X"rJfor%MntuaHxnproYcmcntiM[eetIn«fetttreheldatNo.1«7AXIEBICAN BOARD OF-COMMISSIONERS FOR He had hciird men talking for the rights of hnmamtyJ divitie|f desceudedj but from the earth, whence proceed all man- mau, M. Hecker, S. Duter Ilynerman, Clemmentson, D. Alcazar, Bov. cry (a few doors above Delauey) every SUNDA Y MORN- THE MICHIGAN REPUBLICAN STATE COMMUTESftleinoriol C h u r c h , Hummbnd-st., comer of Waverley-- terday,uK>rnft>g in tfce Ma^j^nH«qruare Presbyterian God give them liberty, but God give liberty to the. nature! with nil their odious,'peculiarities; thukcontinuing the *lt,?LTMhth»rasil,/rom Galwav-W&U- Rev. Dr. Mnlloch, place. 'lhe P.eV. THOMAS T. |GUIN, Rector of St. John's O. IL Kovi'| Ticket Agents.150,000,000 of their brethren in that land from which race ii|laweaknesaland depravity that must be alsure precursor Rev. Mr. Yerck.-r, Miss Catharine Page, Mhw Charlotte Clarke, Church, Brooklyn, will preach TO-MORROW (Sunday) ^ u r c h , Dr. Adani's. Th/_ Church- was -\$ell filled— tbey were brought. [Applause.] ; of its ||nin, ns njust penalty of long violatcdjaw.j John-Spewing, Mrs. Fanny Spalding. Win. Montgomery, Win. EV ENING. t-erviccs, 10^, ty, and % o'clock. Seats free. \at least 800 perwtW were present. W3«, E. DODGK, (Jive tbe world liberty,, out not without Gr©dand Rej Sh«iproceeded to speak to the resolution placing man Moore, G. B. Fox, Samuel Geabn, Mrs. Emily Gesonnnd infant above all:governments, all institutions. jOf marriage, (borh on tho passage), Masters John and Wm. Geson, Miss CarryGreat Redaction in Fare to the ..REPUBLICAN CONVENTION at CHICAGO.PENNSYLVANIA CENTRAL RAILROAD has reduced the fare to Delegates to«eq., f reside*!. ligion. Thetue people were so degraded that instead of Geson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hill, -Miss Hill, J. Detaw, Miss B.After prayer by the "Re-*, ©T. FKRnr?, a missionary cutting their toenau* they rasped them off with a piece| she ejiid il it is n human institution, a mere legal coti- Baylo, Wm. Redman, Mrs. M. und Mrs. B. Cardiff, Misses Jatio MORROW MORNING, at 10} o'flock, in Home Chapel, No.23 for the round trip. Tickets ore good till the L«t of June. Di«*ofTOrmstOTtc.Tbe labor and burden of }ife was thrown tract|]it should be treated like any other contract; .itjia and Mary Cardiff, Mrs. E. M. Sweeney, Hon. Dr. Carson and entirely>iponthewomen,somuchso,thatif,nnfortun-j-tobelmadeatmatureage,andfaithfullykept.Shelady,J.Nugent,and44Ginsteerage. _East 2fith-st., between 4th andMudison-avs. rMrFrotuinghamwillpreach.attheHall,North-east corner of Broadway and32d-«t, on SUNDA Y MORNING and EVENING NEXT, at the usual hours. • -',tuace, SOS miles.TWOCHANGESofCARS,only. SLEEPINGCARSthrough on night trains. Two less changes than by other rou>o» Office, No. 1 A«tor House,. Corner of Broadway and Ve«ey-*fc.xJ. L. ELLIOTT,• j' ' .' Agew.,T o the Kepublican National Conrentloflu—Ticket*fcynrn was sung % thfj congwgation, Prof. HASTINGS, lieeekr.'t*nt*otib*1fi6b+>'rnd*ra<xt*ihfri*1*"<i* <* the Pacific Ocean. his wiie ;so much as to allow her to eat with himl and'flpt in lover From it flow human wretchedness *nin.4to d.»eon«cciion of «be two belcuging to tlw Reformed Sbonld we denounce those who attempted to change and despair; cold lathers, unhappy moth<rs, and hope-compared marriage with the harmoniousjonerations of ment,a.porli«>nof which vo xivw- v . • ., was killed, because she could not do her work with natUMtl'laws, to show that it is-.a merely human aiidInaehr. luariquita, from Pcrnambuco—\\i\mmChickerLug. . ;H. Stable, F.ately, a wonvan had two children at atime, one of them< the mi-dons of t_fe Board •*« condueWd on the four cootl- the two> ; He had never yet ijieen a lieathen mau honor fallilie institution, founded in interest cr friendship,v«**ebci-,«nd 283 other helpers—making a total of 881 laborers Tbe Christian man, on the contrary, plowed his landm the mi»*ion*. • •••• j . with a Y&nkee plow—they had $400 worth of the bitsk she ishrinks wjith sinvcring horror—whe^e frightened Nephew;Meutebello, Henderson, St. John, N. B., Snow fit.Bur-. Members of the 'lhird Presbytery are specially desired td be MERS of Vir«inia, at Cooper Institute Hall, on MONDA7-I*titeen-unwrittenOtanguages novo, by the missionaries of tonBeard, been reduced lo writing. The Word of God has l>een they could get in his mission—while his. wife didnwije'translated, in whole or in part, into more than twenty, and it* work of the house. He told an affecting story.of-a truth* di*»e:iia;a:rd in at looct thirty duiinct languages itpokruby the gre<>{er*portion of th« -ragan and Mohammedan world. young man who was obliged to give all that he had toally are invited to attend. Admission free. The Business Meet- father? You tell us that woman finds lier, only true Barks—Flash, Campbell, Vera Cruz, Hargous & Co.; J. Pay- N o r t h D u t c h C h n r c h , comer of William and Fulton-sts. ing of the tootiety will' be Held at 7 o'clock the same evening, ir» .. ;.'!the printing done wan, l*at year, above fotty-on»5 and*half •jpiUion pages; the aggregate from th<» beginning ex»•••<s-.U el«v«n Aordrvd and twenty million .page*, being very largely of the wa-eTed Scripture*.3«anYkcetesof thousands'of pupil*havereceived moreorIeos'of(.hrutianinstructioninniitsiontaiuilionandxchooU. Omit-ting the free-schools iri the now Chrifctiariiied Sandwich Islands, between their sheep and their calves. The Christian^1 and the nation cry out against thousands of tei-f marriages. Our papers teem with accounts ofMitchell, Gibara, It. P. Buck & Co.; S. Bernier, Clark, Cardenas, Simpson &. Moyhew.Schooners—W.'H. Hazard, Snow, Cionfuegos, Moore & Henry;Indus,Humphrey,Havunn,W.W.Russell;Kate,McDonald,St. John's, N. F., Greene & Currie; J-. F. Williams, McAhnen, avs. Elder BOblNSON will preach atlOJr, and tho Pastor, S. England Society, and accepted by the Board of officers, to listen) St. John, P. 1. Nevius Si Son.buy his sinter out of Slavery; he made himself utterlypoor to .buy his sister out of that thraldom. [Ap-S'a«ee.] She was now a child of God. The heathenthostj son, Fuller, Borddaux, J. it T. A. R. Webster; M. Bortiett, Gil- —Divine service every SABBATH, at 10J-a. m.,3, o'clock p. m., Room iio. hi, Cooper Institute. The. Auniversary Dinner of tho at home. Then, let us be supreme in christ, Cadiz, J. W. Elwell St.Co.. < nd a prayer meeting in the EVENING at 7| o'clock. Sabbath- Society.will occur.at Metropolitan Hotel, TUESDAY, the 15tb) ;—let us make the laws which guard that innei} Brigs—Enterprise, Wiseman, Halifax, D. R. Dewolf; L. Dar- Schools and Bible Classes at 9 a. m'. and 2 p. m. TUESDAY ihi-t., at f o'clock, p. m. MemfojUi can procure tickets of D.lary of [the heart. The best interests of thtj ling, Lee, Nussuu; P. C. Warwick, Lanfair, Rio Janeiro; Itasca, EVENING. Lecture; and FRIDA Y EVENING, Prayer Meet- Otey, No. 34 Waii-st.; S. K. Burkholder, No. 26Broad-»t.; orR. ,affir's only idea of any thing was: " Is it good toeatV •Theheathenssleptonthegroundintheirhuts 8uic§3e8ofsad!anddespairingwives;oui>courtsattestNewMethodfstMission,24th-st,between6thand7th"AninvitationUavingbeenextendedtothemembersoftheNew-to cut off bis native helpers. But Tittle would be savedby it. He could not say to them that the Church in Nnc-.York Herald instead of THE TRIBUNE, rhave no town 2!lth, md*e. and pass, to E. Cunard. April 28,riu tho Mer-years have been l.WO. The number of churches now under the" salaries. Mr. Lindley"*closed in such a moving strain ered ibat ther^ was a proper way of terminating alli-j steamship rersia, for Liverpool; 5th, lat. 45, Ion.4230, exchanged 1CJ o. m. and 7^ p. m. Love Feast at 3 o'clock. Seats free.• Cards, BiR-Heads, Circulars, Handbills, i c e J. AT ASTONISHINGLY LOW PRICES l , |•care of mission* of the Board is 141. of which 43 have'been or- anc<js[such as I have described. ' Mrs. Stanton said that) The publie.are invited to attend. • .the region was not too unhealthy to be the rendezvous onl] through Ihusbands, fathers, brothers, or sons that] pany. • . .•work, in which' the Board is engaged, the following point* seem of slave-traders from New-York. We could sent. the^ could feel the pulsations of outward human life.' Steamship Nashville, Murray, Charleston, mdse. and pass, toIn the brief survey wtoicb we are able here to give of thu /worthyofspecialnotice: SgA hopeful change is taking place in the character of the agency employed. Seven years ago the number of laborers from this country, in all the missions then connected with the Board, wasjwrt equal to the present number under its cans; but' there are now fifteen more- ordained missionaries than there -were then. Insteadof21nativepastor*andilanativepreachersas'now,there .werethewnopastois.and only 30 preachers, and 192 other helpers,Sra'pfree. Stranpcrs invited to attend.NewChristian Church Movement.--TheRev.M"LIN, President: IRA U. TUTHILL, Pir»t Vice-President jAUGUSTUS P. GREENE, Second Vice-President; Hi V.to 2v3 at this time. There are now 2ol more laborers in the mis- sionssupportedbythefundsoftheHoard,theexcessbeing .present. wholly of the native agency. [•A is. ANTQINETTE BROWN BI-ACKWELI. said there! derland for New-York.we:etwosidestoeveryquestion,and.proceededto| ShipGraceRoss(ofBelfast,Maine),Pendleton,'riverpool34- SABBATH,May.13,at10£a.m.and7J-p.m. LovoFeastaton2cot down by death. Providence is sua<uii; the fouuda'ious of tbe empire doubtless to pr»-par»- more fully the way of tbe Gos- pel : and sntrh is now the dispensation ot' Divine iuiluences tii.it, accoidiugto Dr. Bridgman, ine conversion* iu ISoii equaled those oftheprevioushalf-century.Surelyinatimelixethis,the churches that act through the American Board shoatd sustain many more than ten ordained missionaries among 4W>,000,000 of souls needing to know the ouly Kedeemer of lost men.tn-no field is the tiial of faith greater than in Western Africa; hut tbe brethren and sisters at tfie Gaboon still claim the privi- legeoflayingthemselvesonthealtar,forAfrica'sredemption. Among the Zulus on the south-eai&'rn Hide of the couiiueut, in' a climate eminently salubrious, the Gospel bos taken a strong hold, and ita effects are seen in fruits of the Spirit and an advan- cing civilization.Important events of an encouraging nature have recently oc- ean od. in India. The Madura and MaDroita missions, .in partic- ular should receive an enlarged support. Among the Nestoiimd-ofPextda.aLi\iu«efficiency continuestoattendthemeuusem- ployed, and the spisitual element is cryntallLajigi.ito a distinct organization. Against a bitter opposiiion Mid the most formida- ble hindrances, the truth makes progress iu Syria, and within? the bounds of the Assyrian u>i--i .n. but its most cheering tsiumpb* are, as in pa»t years, among the Armenians of TurKey. Iu the midst of gr«t>t cull and social changes, the living p^wer of G"«rs Word is woikiug, from the tlalkan tothe Tigris, a great-er spiiitnal transformatiou. The rehgi.nia freedom guaranteed by the Haiti Jlumoyoua is at war witn tbe life principle of Mo- hau>medbi)i<im, and its idea is hardly compruheiudule by any» _WOMAN'S EIGHTS CONVENTION.SECONDDAY. -The Convention was called to order yesterday mornthe" ;ase must be as permanent as the life of the parties; pass, to Kuuhardt& Co. . •but that in no case has man or woman alright to snr- Ship City of Brooklyn, Chase, Liverpool 35 days, mdse. toren hi his- individual freedom, physical, mental or Nesimth S: Son. , "<»t • Ship Carlyle (of Bath), Thomas, Liverpool 35 days, mdse. to J.tioi can no more be dissolved than the relation of a parAstor-plac-, in charge of the Rev. ROBERT G. DICKSON— Divine service EVERY SUNDAY at 10A a, m. and 7* p. in; also, on FRIDAY EVENING at No. 68 West llth-st, at 8 o'clock. Seatsallfree. . •..•Protest anr. Episcopal Free Church of St. James10,000missionariesofwrathanddestructiontothisill• MT3StantonjnoticedthedivorcelawsofvariousStates,! Sporlbrd,'lilestonfcCo.1fated land, but not 10 to carry the Gospel of JesuS The missionaries there did not think their lives were to| grcatia sacrifice.ThftRev.Dr.ROSWEIX C.HITCHCOCKwasthelas .speaker. He took a comprehensive survey of missionMARTIN,ThirdVice-President;.ROGERMcGRATH,Fourth to a iow that (the marriage contract was the only one; Steamship JVlonticello, Gager, Washington and Alexandria, CUMMINGS will preach at Lamartine Hall, corner of 8th-avi Vice-President. JAMES ROACH and WM. SHKKIBAS, Secreta-ary labor from the earliest ages of Christendom to tb<feopening was rather meager, but subsequently full anc attentive.l h e I i e s s . 23d-st. between 2d und 3d-avs. Divine service on s is really a marriage. She protested in strongi •Ship Confidence, Sears, New-Orleans April 25, mdse. to Wm. SUNDAY NEXT, at 1C£ a. mV, and 7J p. m. Tho Rev. J. S.Mis.ANTHONYreadtheresolutionsthatwereofferedyesterdav, asserting that it was the duty of men»-tostand asfde and let women grow up in an unrestrainedmanner; that women demand equal legal rights in allreepectswith man—the right to the juiy-box and theballot-box, where she may protect her own rights;that there should be no more denial of woman's rightsto go into colleges, into shops, stores, offices, and all DE^tSMORE-i-DREW—In Burlingame, Kansa. on Sunday,places where the labor is within their capacity.Mrs. JANE ELIZABETH JONES of Ohio was intro- duced, and said the reform they sought was not partial, it Was based on natural rights, and man was as much interested as woman, siiice the elevation of woman would certainly elevate the opposite branch of the hu- man family. All reforms must of course overturn alljAj ril 15, byjthc Rev. R. C. Brant, the Rev. N. G./Densmarebark Ko«mos (Bremen), De Hurde, Bremen March 29. mdse.education it would surely.benefit man to educate woman to the highest attainable point. You educate yourboyotobethefuturemenofthenation;doyou not reflect that thei*e are to be future women of theofSt.Stephen'sChurch,Milburu,N.J.,willpreachinthemorn- ing and the'Rector in the evening.&c, toTraskk.Dearborn. Experiencedveryheavyweather.•Ho date, hit; 36 48, Ion. 75 6, spoke'schr. '/.. SnoW, 6 days from PADDOCK, Rector.—Services iu this Church (in State-st.,) Matauzas for Boston -, no date,' lat. 30 46, Ion. 75 56, passed brig near Bond), EA ERY SUNDAY, at 10£ a. in., and 7_ p: m. Suu- \ Emma Louisa, of Charleston, with foretopgallant mast gone above ' dav School at 9 a. m-and the motives which instigated them-;—some for aIradse. and pass, to H. B. CroinweU St Co.not limited jby reason, the only one from which the Steamship Mount Vernon, Layiield, Baltimore and NorfoBt,parlies bad up legal escape upon the failure of thej mdse. and pass, to H. B. Cromwell k, Co.and 29th-st., on SUNDAY; the 13th inst, at, 10. o'clock a. m., and ries. Mou/us FmaDSAX, Treasurer. The Club a^Joomed topromises of tbe makers. She closed, abruptly, with ai panigyric orjj woman.Ship Sir Robert Feel (Ham.), Jnrgeus, Hamburg 36 days, and 25daysfrom.theLizard, mdse. and200pass,toKuubardt&Co. May D, off Nantucket Shoals, spoke Nor. bark Canada, from Sun-"ii p. nj."Gentlemen and.ladies, saints aud sinners, rich and poor, oldand young, are respectfully invited to attend. Seats free." P i l g r i m C h n r c h o f N c w - Y o r k C i t y v - T h e Rev. S. A. BAKER, l'asior elect of this newly-formed Church, will preach in Friendship Hall, West 16th-st., between 7th ond St.h-avs., <meet next TUESDA Y EVENING at the same place.Pro Bono Publico.Noww.ak«,mymuse,andtunethelyre, Sound every note still high and higher;Tell aU the world, and Jersey, too. You'veseenthewondrousLIQUIDGLUE.Sound COOPER'S GLUE all o'er the land, .Till maids and matrons understandTwill mend all breaks as good as /new,This matchles* COOPER'S LIQUID GLUE.Forlimpingchairsorbrokendishes,' For headless noils or splintered brushes,Tls a sovereign balm; you'll find this true, If you use the real COOPER'S GLUE.Our friend., no doubt, long since have learned That'' a penny' itaved is a, penny earned;" TheninventyourQnarter,andwe'llsaveforyoa Many a doUar with the LIQUID GLUE.T o stop all fraud, examine wellThe outside wrapper, andyou can teR,. .By the autograph of COOPER BROTHERS, The simon-pure from all others.At Eighty-one, in Barclay-street,.In the great New-York, then haste to meet With the agent, FOX, who'll sell to you The real GUOPER'S LIQUID GLUE.E m p i r e S t a t e C o a l Oil C o . , No. 240 Pearl-sL, N. Y.-» Manufacturers, of'IJLLUMiNATliNO OIL. warranted anperioj to any other in the market, and warranted to give perfect sotio*days, coal to Walsh! Carver &. Chose. April 3J, lat. 41, Ion. 48,The- call is urgent tor enlargement in China. Our mission* After another hymn, the Rev. Dr. Cox offerer rea j resolutions, declaring that marriage is the volun- j passed ship Wilbur Fisk, steering E. p. m. Seats free. Public invited.there are weak. The beloved Aitchison and M*cy have been prayer, and the meeting closed with the benediction.* tar lalliaucejof two persons, and from wie nature ofj Ship Donan (Ham.-), Meyer, Hamburg. 23 days, radse. and 290 • Protestant Episcopal Mission Church, Clinton Halh:ing, shortly after 10 o'clock. The attendance at th< ren to the cbild, and that the only question is, whether JShip Constellation, Mulliner, Liverpool 28 days, mdse. and 724 posg: to C. Cnrow.nioial.Mrs1]Blackwellarguedthatthemarriagerela- O.Baker&Co. :1 Nelson St. Sons.tern (sagain&Tj 'the subjugation of woman to man, and j Bark Goodspeed, Snowdcn, Liverpool April 14, coal to Sturges, proilouncedthoseofher6exwhosubmitasweakandjClcarman&.Co. April21,JohnW.Wood,anordinaryseaman, lielj less creatures. . j fell from the maiutopsail yard'while double reeling, striiting inPUPDY Pi-stor,. ' , •________________——__«—_^«»_—.^___«MMHMM,—- TM0l*l>mouthChurch,22dst.,cornerof7th-av.—Preachin TO-MORROW, May 13, at lcj- a. m. and 7^ p. m., by the Rovl JAMES B. DT:NN>' Evening subject, "Job." Seats free. Sab bath School at 2 p. m. ' 'Kev. Daniel Worth of North Carolina will preach at Shiloh Church, corner of Prince and Marion streets, SUNDAY, 8_- p. m.adopted, and the Convention adjourned sidiebark Mary Adelia (of South Thomaston), Kellar, Cardenas 9 days, sugar to Mora Bros., Navarro & Co. May 9, Hatteras bear- ing N. W ., 45 miles distant, saw skip Agnes, of Boston, steering N. E. Has .had light easterly winds and calms the entire pas- sage;havenotfurledthetni'inroyalduringthopassage.eujestdaughterpfEdword'K.Brj-an. D I E D .fSt.Peter's ChurchT)3ro«kIyn—The Rev.JOHN Afji JiI H A I I K I X B . '.(it i„eommanding the bark C. Hiddley.The iiends ofiithefamily,and'mastersof vessels,areinvitedtoBrig Mountain Eagle, Branscom, Cardenas 31 days, sugar to C. &E.J.Peters. May5,-offCharleston,spokebrigStarlight,fromEh i M'edora1;.daughter of Horatio N. and Huhbth Carofiue- l.ia [,aged4yearsand7months.Brig.Doidrich & Pentzieii (MeckN), Vosa, Rotterdam 35 days, mdse.-toFnnch&Meincke. - ••-'Tiesmoant received during the idn^'monthsjust elapsed i..ttJOF.t/is of last year, if a movtrment wiiich nns been commenced of our plans would* relieve woman from this necessity COD PArjjT—A't WilKainsbnrgh, on Friday, May 11, at his "BrigW. R. Clark (Bri), Walter, Arroyo, P. R., 19 days, sugar Gnllerv. the inauguration of which, in connection with a Con-by large-heaiud and wealthy frieinls of the Board is carried ofmarriage; If she saw no acceptable mate, sheworfldthxcngl), the debt of *6*i,0t0 with which this year bei{«n will beprovidedjor. Thereceiptsorthelu.«.tthreemonthsot last yea . have opportunity tolaborandmakewealthand posi-•were *l2l.21?; the income o! the year, from all sources, wa tion. We want woman to have a chance to avoid The,i datives an^dfriends of the family are respectfnUy invited to Brig Eugene A. Reed (of Boothbay), Crane, Naguabo, P. R., Laptiri Cliurch, will preach TO-MORROW at 10J a. m., at the; t W . ' . l j , r>.-ir^ -,)!»,0«si less than tee expected expeadi'ure o marriage until she can effect it in consonance with na- att» ud his funeral at No. 13-1 South Second street, on.Sunday,vet runs of the War of 1812, aged 76"years, 4 uionths and 17< ert will take place on THURSDAY EVENING, the 17th inst. The Rev. Frank. Kemington, Pastor of the Northdl:O '• • ' • . • • 'Baic. ' •are clerking, printing, engraving, drawing, and sellingx -of tbe Society. L)uring the half century itibad ex- goods—all which were recently thought unfeiuinine Eis funeral will take place from his residence, this day at 2 Schr. Stephen Hotchkiss (of New-Haven), Mulford, Liverpool 1'iistor. Services TO-MORROW (Sabbath morniuj?) at lOjf:pended bat $lu,000,00y, not one per cent of what had o'c] »ck.|j C • •• occupations. The speaker was grateful for the law Senei a Comity papers please copy. ,.-.'•'•x . been expended lor railroads in ibi.-* country. !A deht passed last Winter at Albany;, vet she prophesied that FLA 1LER—Ou Friday, May 1), of hydrocephalic] William JL,from Ion. 40 to 50; was 9 days making .those 10 degreeSchr. Sardinian (of Harrington), Rumball, G'u'uayaihiilla, P. R.,Tbo Sfxfh Anniversary of the Brooklyn Y oun« an<] 8 days. .1 , . • Schr. Granite State, Hallett, Boston 2 days; mdse. to S W. •3*er.'s Christian Association will be held on TUESDAYplace the dowry of their daughters beyond their own The I meral will tr-lce place from the residence of liia father, No. Lewis it. Co. >-, i E\ EMNG, ltth intt., in the Church of the Pilgrims, (The Rev. control as well as that of their husbands, lest, in spite 179 £asfc Forty-seventh street, UcariSecond avenue, on Sunday, - ' Schr. Amelia, Sunborn, Machias 6 days, lumber to Simpson &c Dr. Storrs's), corner of Henry and Retnsen sis. Exercises tobong over the-Society., at present, which he hoped lathers would not trust the faw—they would even iuii it son of John E. and Hannah D; Flagler, aged 3 montliB April 23, sugar and molasses CoF. Talbot.BLANK-BOOK MANCFACTORKKS,Sl.VTIO.NKKS, WHOLKSAI.K ASH RKTAIT., , >LlTUOQKAl'HIC BKINTKHS AND ENGRAVER*, CAjtri MANCFACTCKKRS,CoPl-KKI'LATli ENUKAVBK3 AJII) PKIXTHSS, ExvKi.orK MA>-rrACTt:niiJus,FIXK CCT AND COLOR PRIXTKRH, NOB. 167,169 and 171 Peorl-st., and 79 Pine-st., New-Ysrk.Maylfew. ' . . . • ' /Schr. John Jones, Jones, .Corpus Christi 17 days, wool andhides to master. Schr.Adelaide(Br.,ofQuebec),Boucher,EastHarbor,T.I.,19 days, salt to C. Knox.Schr. Nathan Clifford. Shute, Rondout, coal for Boston.Great Wlesein^s had been grunted to theee village dis- way of the full recognition of woman's equality wae The r lativea and friends of the family are respectfully invited to . Schr. Robert JL Smith, Kelly, Nantucket ,2 days, oil to master. Brooklyn, TO-MORROW MORNING and EVENING.I b e Key. A L U N HAZKN of Bombay, India, (gave an of the present law, the woman should be coaxed into Ma - 13, at 1 o'clock p. m. •DAY, May 13. Services .will commence at 10A a. m., aud at 7V SPARKLING ISABELLA. 1854.'Ihe.Kev. AsDKtw T. PUA TT, M. D., of the Southern woman, left hrce, will find their proper sphere and call- furtll er notice.l / . - Steamer Westchester, Jones, Providence, mdse. and pass to p. m . . ' • ' . : ' LADIES' WINE—SCUPPERNONG WINES, 4 differentAmerican AliB«iou, next spoke of the iiicomprehensible ing. GILLIES— On Friday rnoming,|May II, WiUiam-TJOiOios, aged Isaac OdelL . ,-.'._T h e R e v . T h o s . J . S a w y e r , D . D . , will preach at vorieth-8, from Noith Carolina.(40y«!arH^ Steamer Petrel, Baker, Providence, mdse*; to Isaac Ode'h. lie ang.vered those who say that woman's only Hi.s fri! -ads are respect fully iin-ited to attend his funeral on Satur- • WIND—During tho day, from S. S. E.the Universalist Mission rooms, 3dj-av. and 61st-st., ou SUNDAY NEW-YORK STATE WINES—6 difiereut varieUes. AFTERNOON at 3A' o'clock. The public are invited. Seats . These Wines are unexceptionable for Communion purpojses.grandeur, ol the revolution which God was carrying onm thu Turkish Empire. He took a survey of the geo- sphere is t le home: The home was a place of tho no- jday, the 12th iiist., at 2 o*'elock, from his late residence, No. 500free. Sunday School at 2 o'clock, j ,- . Also, WINES of the best growths froni the vineyojds ofgraphy of Syrian MisKion. Tlw:y had now 5 stations, blest and 1ighest development not only of woman but Grout] street without further invitation. The ships Thornton, for Liverpool, and Wm. Tell, for Havre,'FRED'C S. COZZENS, Importer, No. 73 Warreu-st.,NThe W orks of SwedenborgAND COL„ATERAB NEW-CHURCH WRITINGS FOR SALE ATRoom No. 20 Cooper Institute, New-York. .Ice Pitchers. Ice Pitchers.• A new and beautiful style ofICE PITCHERS;Also, a general assortment of new and beautiful PLATED GOODS,.andl/*oat stations, *£i places in occnpation.1 Since of man, who too often neglects it. But it is not wo- GLEEBON—In this city, on Wednesday, May9, Kate, daughter !oreistill anchored at Quarantine. -ItiA. from.12 native helpers and 12s<hooi-teachors, the of Paitjick and'Matilda Glceson, aged (j years and 11 months.will preach in the First Congregational Methodist Chnrch. Brook- lyn (State-st., near Hovt), TO-MORROW MORNING, ut lOJ- o'clock, and in the EVENING, at|7_- o'clock. Sermon in the evening lo young people.man's onl) sphere, nor do the very women who say it HAGU]ji-|At West Hoboken, N. J., suddenly, on Thursday, .number bad risen to 2S helpers and 22 school-teachers believe wfat they say. How many women are there} May • 10,[Catharine, P., wife of John Hague, aged CAyears, 4fUligioits Notices.from 346 to 1,365. Six years ago (sksoe were VJ Pro- leave home to earn bread for their children? He; fuuerilon Sunday afternoon, the 13th inst, at 2o'clock, from At a Meeting of the Trustees of Zion Church, SOCIETY, of Brooklyn, meets in Musical Hall, cor. Fulton and,rh IK'0; the number of church mesabers ba<l risen from who are lot at the head of a home, and who never montl i'saxtd 12jdays. rlJ<Jto507;.ofaudiencefromU82ts>2,654,ofscholars havebeenorwillbe1Howmany,too,whomust ThorelsJiv,esandfriendsarerespectfullyinvited-toattendherTrue Broad*Church.—THEFIRSTINDEPENDENTJieataut men.in Mara^b, now there ware 900 converted agreed with the claim for a wider field and better wages;- jher.la]bresidence, Clinton avenue. West Hoboken. will b* at the Hoboken Ferry at 1^ o'clock. | ';Carriagesicomer of Church and Leonard-sts., held May 8, 1860, it was" Uesolved, That we., the Trustees of this Church, do, with the consent of the mule members thereof, withdraw from the AnnualOrauge-sts ,011 SUNDAY nt 3J-o'clock p m. Lecture by C. W. TOLLES, esq., Of Newark, on "Orthodoxy." Free seats and free speech.'JSOU}*. Although the poorest people in that country, for women-—for a field as wide and pay as liberal asI Bjirniinl hain, Eijgland, papers please copy.ttfcey bad built a church that would seat 1,200 persons. those now enjoyed by man—a field as wide as the HOLCOMBE—In this city, on Friduy, May 11, at 3 o'clock ! Conference of I860, to be held in Newbnrg on the 12th inst."JMany of them could not at the same time get enough to world, where she may enter not only without .preju- p. in.,] pehry Holcombe, esq., of tho late .firm of Prior, Good-. I At a nieeting of the male members on tho 9th, the foregoing The Anniversary of the BOARD of FOREIGN MIS^eat.' One woman, a school-teacher, who was jobhged dice but with every possible encouragement. You rich &j Co., in the 2(;th year of his age. Iwas indorsed, audit was further.' • jDue not|.jo|\vill l>e given.of the funeral. j "Revolved, 'That we receive no. Elder from the Annual Conto.eat cucnnibersibr five or six 'days together last Sum- fear that if this field be opened, all women will be- LATHRPP—Oi| Friday eyeirajsritfay -31,. Georidana, yo'ungcst !ferenee until the lawsuit now pending is settled.."Baer,.beeansetbeywerecheapandwouldfilllupthe comepublicspeakers.Thereisnofear.Likemen daughterbftheRev.Edwur *'-->p,inthe15thyearofher{ . SAMUEL.1.HOWARD,Presidentrftonxj'.h, and she could not artbrd bread, came CO Mrs. they will follow that for which they are best fitted, ape. ij, I ! T. M. EATO, Secretary.Particulars offiuierul ii the evening ipers. • j A t the Quarterly Conference held on the 10th inst., the preSIGNS of the REFORMED DUTCH CHURCH, und Farmve.il jui,t received from factory, for sale wholesale and retail, by Meeting with the Rev. Dr. H. M. SCUDDER, will be held on WM. S, MURRA Y , No. 22 John-* SABBATH EVENING, May 13, at 7_- o'clock,in the Church iuSth-av.,,cornerof29th-st.TheRev.Dr.SCUDDER,whoex- ToImnn?sSelf-VentilatingSpringBedandMat*Sects to'Ieave the country next week, will make the closing ad- treas Combined.—The best, cheapest, and most healthful— ress. A Collection will be taken for Foreign Missions. • , took a premium at tho last Fair of the American Institute. • Manufactured and for sale only at No. 673 Broadway, oppoaitoWhite and said she wanted to give something; she had and certainly they are not all speakers, nor writers, MER Wjki-On iFriday morning, M 11, James A. Merwin, son Iceding action of the Trustees and mule members was fully contwo underganwentH, and thought she could spare one of ti-'-ni. ^tler wages were $1 '7o j>er month. Many who had «nb8cribed toward building tbe church were obligedof Eliza and the lato AugustineT h e R c v . T . JL. C u y i e l r w i l l preach TO-MORROW 7ri the P«.rk Presbyterian Church, cornier of Carlton and De Kalb- avs., Brooklyn. Services at 10_ a. m. and 7i p. ui.nor sculptors, nor painters. 'He claimed that most occupations were already opentfwiu of this city, aged 17 His fniiertil'will take place from the residence of hi* mother,firmed. . The Rev. SAMUEL T. GRAY, Chairman. T. M. EATO, Secretary.the Lafarg«jjlj)use. Rights to Manufacture for sale.KJngsford's OswegoS 1 L V E K - 0 L O S S S T A R C HGIVES A BEAUTIFUL FINISH TO THE LINEN. CAUTION.—Uselessthanusual,asitisverystrong.Parsons^s Rut and Roach Exterminator. THE BEST IN THE WORLD.A Young Gentleman und Wife contemplate House-ikeeping, and wish to lind a respectable family who will rentP*RT of u HOUSE for that purpose. PerfectWuffaction willyears aidjjG months1to women, and the only great end not practicallyto take their plates, generally of copper, and sell them granted is thai of voting, He did not know but they p. K. The relutivea aud friends of the Kindly are invited to ers' Lnioit will be held in Dr. Chapin'b Cliurch, onMOxSl The Methodist Protestants have taken the HahVNo.of the Ihjngs which they most strikingly observe on restriction or annoyance as they now go to the Post- 'becon/ifljg.Christians istne Sabbath. One of them, on Office for their letters. He complimented the noble going hojuie -from church, saw on the ground a gold women who had so long fought for these rights, andfuneral from lit r late reridehc.t No. 15 East Thirty-first street,.Belief and Unbelief, or Salvation ahd"D*amaalpiece worXira uQlhuT. He jtassed by it, saying! it was encouraged them to go on. It was only a question of ?Therelatives arid.friends of tho family are respectfully invited DowniiiK-st., TO-MORROW EVENING a( 7$ o'clock. MORN-pom d from SUNDAY, J3th, toSunday. JLiov.'ever, he went l>j'.rk, to<^k it up netween time; success was certain. [Applause•Itwo ])«?bllcH.und put it iu his pocket. He did not feel Mrs. JEMZAHETH CADY STANTON was introduced, quite right afjiout it, aud gave, ft to the native helper, and read a resolution declaring tho equality of women;.axid afterwutd^'aine to lum and ask«;<t if he did rigiit in in a paraphrase of the Declaration of Independence, ^picking it up. This showed the extreme delicacy of and Others with reference tothe marriage and divorce.^conscience of (bese people. Brother White had just Hesolred, That in the language (slightly varied) of John Milton written to him thai the *iate of the church was now "'I hose who marry intend, as little' to conspire their uwn ruinto atlcn'U his funeral at St. George's Chnrch; Flushing/ on Sun-day, I3ai(pnst.rat 8 o'clock p, m. The .steamboat Flushing[will leJve Fulton Market wharf at 2 o'clock p. nil of the sameday, to carry tile friends to and fVom the funeral, stopping at u. in., and 75 p. m. Seats provided for strnngers. •while the new church is building in 34th,<e1xn more enco»»raging tlian V-\'er before. Many Mus- as (hose who swear allegiance; and as a whole nooplo i.s to an ill >f the New-Jersey Railroad !.raiu, which leaves the foot of PETER-STRYlvER. JSvemug subject: Pastor, the Rev.j5eh»amtcametohearthen*,andweregreatlypleased;governmentHOisonemanorwomanloanillmarriage. Ifa whole people, araitiKt any authority, covenant or statute, may,oourtlaadtstreet,at12o'clock.Carsreturnnt5Ap.m.SCHWARTZ—In'this city, on Friday morning, Muy 11, ut th.<fg (!5 years, after a long illness.intermei fc.SHERWCJOD—At estport, Conn.J onVanityFair."Scatsfree. TheiPUgrimsiuChristian Association, Bleocker Building, corner .of Bleocker and Morton-Bin.—Elder J. S. WHITE will preach TO- MORROW, at 10J a. m. and at 8 p. m. Sents. free. Bible Class at 2 p. rn.fUrbanC.Brewer,PastoroftheChurch;willdelivertwo discourses in the Christian Chapel, in 17th-Ht., immediatelywest of (ith-av., on SUNDAY, May 13, at 10. u. m. and Up. m.&llb;'.;'h®x>/ the importance of the m«of native helper* Their human .beings, or even between, Ood und human beings, that The relati u m yuiu'H.fiiiled to produce or promote human happiness, could not iu the nutur.- ot things bV-.ot any force or authority; and it would be not only a right but a duly to abolish it.and friends of the Tamily are respoctfully invitedC. Perry.could m>t receive them because they could hot give know n by its results; and like the fountain, if pare, Will reveal lttereridi nee, East Fifty-third street, throe doors east of First IlOGE, Pastor of (ho Brick Church, Wb-itv preaches; onlypuremanifestations. Norneediteverb«s;iid,"WhatGod ajvenue.j, .!lthem food and lodging. TJie crescent iu the Ea*t was hathjoinedtogether, let not man put asunder,*' for man could not VEDDER-A^nyde Park, DutelieM County, on Friday, May Farewell Meeting with the ReK Dr. ScudJer'Jtetui/red,'L hut though marriage be in itself divinely founded,Maria, wttfe.ol James Thompson, in the 45th year of li-r uj^4 t'. Marks place, on- Sunday, the N)th inst., at 1 o'clock NQ.'SC, *'"A Meeting of the New-York Univci-salist Teachiiu the,market. might as well go up and vote without waiting to be uttend withoutilfurther notice.. • •s "•' DAY EVENING, at7*o'clock. ALecture will be delivered 188 Laurens-kt, where they will hold meetiuKs every SAB- Thrygavetheirjewelrywhichhadbeeninthefam-permitted,fortheydoubtlesshudtherightastaxableMcKEEN-|rOn(Fridaymorning,May11,afteralongillnoss,(bythoRev.HENRYBLANCHARD.JSubject:."John BATHDAY.,intheMORNING,AFTERNOON,andEVEN- Mrs. Jahe McKeen, relict of the late Joseph McKoen of this Wyclitl'e." The public arc; invited to attend, ING, at tho usual hours of church. The public ore respectfullyily for fenerations, and jn some cases the dresses of the citizens of a constitutional government.' But all this is City, in jlje 7(ithyear bfhor ago. •bride, untouched since marriage, had been given. One coming, and women will ere long vote with as little The frie.nj Is and. relatives are respectfully invited to attend theRev. HENRY BLANCHARD, President. invited to attend Seats free. Thore will also be a Temperancep. Sclhice.Funeral •AiriMoi: day, May 14, at 2 p. in'., from the Presbyterian. now worship- ping in their Chapel, north-west comer of 83d-st. and nth-av.,,lecture on the immoral inllueuce of Slavery on tho whites ofB^veagejiey m Turkey wan of the highest ;ord«r.^Xho greatest pressure they felt was that they d U nottptfilve enough from America to train ami to keep ti't<ns4aii\ve herneriiat work. The greatest trial ho felt w-a* and is foititled us an institution by innumerable uualogies in the The friend/1of the fajnily are respectfully invited to attend'her French Theater—Opposite the Metrepolitan—open for r«- o clock, in Lth-fct. Church, between 2d av. aud the Bowery, whenyawig mencametotheirseminary,andthev wholekingdomofuniversalnature,stillatruemarriage>«only fhiierelo1Sunday,the13thnint.,at10o'clocka.m fromh'jr Hfriouiiservice. SUNDAY_£Vjf,NiN0,80•lock,thoRov.Dr.res round about Mar:wh.CLAUK of Constantinop le spoke Hrioltfd, That uny constitution, compai'tTor covenant betweenury ueniotoryThursday, May 10, ject: *?Modern Bibliolatry." Seats free.Ebeneze B. Sherwood.'ajjed 78 years. 4will deliver the third of a series of doctri ml discourses. Sub-Filty-tbird-street M. JB. Church (between Broadtvuy' UJV\ J'VEI\ING. the 14th inst. Ad'Essay wilt be delivered bySteamthipi.For...,.-. .New-York........Uromon....•aa beprocored at theCi .; OFFICE OF GREAT CENTRAL ROTJTB .No. 173.Broadway, comer of CoiirtIandt-*t"-*««,JOHN J. SLIKEK, Recording Secretary.Meeting on tho following TUESDA Y EVENING,at the above place. - -Noah is thought to have had on board a supply oi EXTERMI•M NATOR, from the fact thatfor nearly sixweekshe did'not see sr,Leave..Boston...........Liverpool.;. .New-York. .*.. j . . Havre..;......Liverpool.., MAMINE JOURNAL. Methodist jProtcstnnt Chnreh, Altomcy-st,, between. Belancey and Riviugton.—The Rev. E. WITHEV, Pastor, wiR preuch TO-MORROW MORNING, at luj'.o'clock-, AFTER-ipassed ship Quickstep, hence bound E.; 2d, lat. 50, Ion. 26, passed line B).—Ihe Kev. J. S. InskipwiU preach TO-MORROW, at.--"..• '^ifApplause and hisses.] Had we been married to IVie, • Steamship Asia (Br.), Lott, Liverpool April 28, and. Queens- >.and 'I p. m. Sunday-School and Bible Class at 2 p. m.Arrive^.'doul t that MrJ Bennett would long since! have discov-j sey, passed ship Commodore, for Calcutta; May 1, lat. 51, Ion. lilj I N i n t h - H t r c e t M i E . C h n r c h (comer of 9th-st and A veThe Second Assembly District Union Republican!r in UueincES, abroad, traveling, could esbape an unj steuniship bound E., supposed the. Vonderbilt, hence for South- 'Rev. Wm. Lawrence, Pastor of the Church, will preach TO- Room. on TUESDA Y EVENING last,.for the purpose of elect- KmIspoke of the great work which was going on in th ampton.western coast • ot* Africa. It had been. proposed t< plea lant hom^ in a thousand ways; but with womanit> MORROW, at 10.- a. m. and 1\ p.m. Subject for morning: ing officers for the ensuing year, unusual interest was manifested,Steamship Brazil (Br.), De Compos, Galway April 28, via St. " The Causes and Ascriptions of Christian Gratitude;" for even- and. lhe gathering was the largest ever witnessed in the District, abolish these missions, they were so unhealthy. Bui wag Kll in all for life. They were secluded, and it wasj John's, N. I1'., May 7, mdse. and pass, to American Express Com- ing, "The Man of Unbending Integrity"—a Scripture character. The following otneers were elected: DENNIS MCLAUGH-Religious Notice^-The Rev. JOSHUA V. HINES-of Boston will preach TO-MORROW in HaU No. 24, Cooper Insti- to Vliss Lizztfj M., only daughter of Mr. John Dtew,Ifonnerly and 179 pass.' to Oelrichu & Co. April 21, lat. 44 13, Ion. 38 06, tute, all day und evening; at tlie usual hours. Subject: Theolt Morrisania. . .ME „CHAM-i!NEWTON—In this city, on Thursday, May 10, bj tbe Rev. jDr. McClintock, Mr. Geo. G. Meailium to MissEl ie I). Newton, both ofthis city. RHODES—BIRDSALL-Ou Thursday, May 10 by the Rev.S.\ D. Burchard, Hiram Rhodes to Miss Esther BtrdBuU, young-exchanged signals with ship Judith Turo, steering E.Baik Serafiua (of New-Orleans), Horner, Cardenas 9 days, mo- lasses and sugar to muster. May 9, off Hatteras, spoke brig L. T.Knight, from Cardenas for Baltimore,Bark Tasso (Br.) Kearney, Havana 10 days, sugar to GeorgeMoke & Co.Bark R. H. Knight, Gary; Cardenas 10 days, sugar and meladoSpeedy Coming ar.d Personal Reign of Christ on the Earth.S e a m e n ' s M . E . C h a p e l , Cherfy-st., between Clinton and Mouiaomery-sts. The Rev. JAMES O. ROGERS will preach TO-MORROW MORNING at 10J-, and in the EVEN<- ING at7j-. Sects free.S t . A n n ' s C h n r c h , Rev. THOMAS OALLAUDET, Rec- tor, lbth-st.. near 5th-av. Service for Deaf Mutes at 3£ p. rn.; for others willing to promote their welfare, at 10& a. in. and 7} p. m.faction. Goh>r wLite, odor'sweet, and flame equal to gas. Lubricating. Oil. first quality. •Also, | •i ' mesl daughter iof Geo. H. Birdsall, all of this city. Jtyranies; out what were the inconveniences of the few WILKlNSONj-BURTON—At Ne\v-Brishton, on Wednesday, to H. D. Brookman & Co.. • :this (Sa, iu'rdayV afternoon at 2 o'clock.PECK— Iji|Fluu|iug, on Thursday night, May 10, Isaac Peck, in }?Vt V^F*»-Vi> i k » ' ho considered by the Rev. .MOSES being quite ready for occupancy, tile opening services ore post- rat. Sold by all druggists in the United Slates and Canada.i«-fti«n 1( wthe70tnyear,ofjhixage. DALLOU, in the Blcecker-st. Uuiversulisjt Church, corner ol- Tbe new JLceture-room on 46th-st., near 5th-av., notING services at 10_- o'clock.B a p t i s t C h u r c h , Bedford-av. near Myrtlo-dv., East BrookSUNDAY, 20th inst.,^t which timo Br, ARMITAGE will preach ut 10A a. in., and Dr. HAGUEat 4 p.- in..-...—*«j„^».r.•• > -;-•'.<.-••.••*• *fc,','rr-''•*Mf-i4i**, jfVi\ &* .;MadfKon-avi Baptist Cburcii.-The Rev. Dr. HAGUE' Pai-tor of the Mcdison-av. Baptist Church, will preach TO-'gii)ar. service, mider the charge of Uie Rev. MA TTHEW AXE SMITH, EVERY SABBATH hereafter, in the Chapel I'renor Hall) Broadway, entrance on 3-tth-st, at 10_-o'clock a.Bark Eventide (of Boston), Partridge, Card-.-nas 11 days, sugar TO-MORROW, The Rev. GEORGE C. PENNELL, Recto* Peale,', can bo seen for ono week more at tho Cooper Institute,toH.D.Brookmun&Co. • - . . . , ;Brig Crocus (of Gardner), Herbert, Cardenas 13 days, sugar,.LowerBall,downfctairsfrom8thst.,inaseparatehallfrojm!tha jarge hidl. Admisisiou 25 cents. Open from 10 a. m. to 10 jp.|m.Astor-House Exchange-BAR, RESrAUH^vNT and LUNCH.'-,.'- MEALS served at ALL HOjrrRS* The RESTAURANT wBl be provided with all the delScacieeof the season. ' .'Tbe BAR will be supplied with the best of LIQUORiJ;andprompt attention.JAS. P. M. STETSON k Co. Removal.CATARACT WASHUSG MACHINE' Exhibition and Salesroom Removed tbNo. 494 BROADWAY, • : East side, next above Broome-st., , iTHE ONLY WASHING MACHINE THAT STANDS THEJ TEST OF USE. Washing done without nibbing and without wearontneclothing. Housekeepers areinvited tocallandtryThePeople'sMcetinsr,stTNo.137BoWery'(afewdoor" above. Delaucey St.), EVERY SUNDAY AFTERNOON aud EVENING.-Subjects on thelStlh: At 3 p. m,,)'Property, and its Influence upon Civilization."jAt 7.J-p.m.,?'SundayLawn, with special reference to the late enactment upon the subject inhis State " ". • | ' . . ' . 'The North Keformed Protestant Dutch Church,dai jhtcVs rej-idence,. Louis I'intard Coutont, ohe of the oldClnieinbnt-av., near'Myrtle-av... Brooklyn.—The Rev. A. EL-M.EN'DORF, Pastor, has just placed a fine Organ iu the Choir ' for themselves. Price $BL $14, and tSlo'.SULLIVAN & HYATT,. ^Proprietors aud Manufacturer*.N.B.—Wholesale orders received at our office, 54 Bcekmon-stRound it Goes, and Up it Rises.That premium .CLOTHES-DRYER, the best iu the wortd, Schr. Mtiriquita, Lane, Bernarnbuco April 17, sugar to F. S. Music Hall, 14th-st, near 6th4av., at 3fr p. m. JOHN J. may be seen ut the depot of the Cataract Washing-Machin4, No*to H. Southmayd &.Sous,Brig Saginaw, Collin, Luguayra 15 daj-s, coffee aud hides to A.14 days, via New-London 2 days, molasses to muster. comer of Chrntopber and. Bedford sts., and at Palace'Garden,'spectfully invited to attend. I - .commence at "ii o'clock. Audreisses are expected from Dr. Tyiyr, the Rev. E. L. Mogoon, the Rev.. W. S. Carpenter, audhe Rev. Theo. L. Cuyler. L. H, HOLMES,> ChairinanLv'andM.C. .The R e v . William Alvin Bortiett will preach In theEurope. The Rev. Washington Gladden of Owego. N.Y., . •'be given us to the character and re*pon»ibility of the advertiser. lyn. 'The Rev. HIRAM UUTCHINS, PastOr. Broaching at 10j R e v . D r . M ' K e e will preuch in the ThiT.VR?forrne<l~p'res- Address, with description and terms, E. A. M., Tbnea Orlice.byteriun thurch (23d-sL,between 7th and llth avs.) TO-MOR- ROW EVENING, at 7. o'clock. 1T h o R e v . W m . H e n r y M l l b u r n will preach in tho I nt-iiic-bt. M. E. Church, Clinton-st., cor. of Pacific, Brooklyn ?hurch.|! ICarri. u;es will bo at the Rahway Depot on tho arrival MORROW at 111. u. m. and 7'J p. m., by tlist.\ Preaching. TO- TO-MORROW, 18th inst., dt 10._ a. ]n. and 7j p. tn. T00^n'.the fooff of Tenth street, East. River, on her passage each way. SOLLACJj:—At.; Woodbiidgo, N. J., on Friduy, May 11, RolandBroome-Ht. Reformed Dutch Church,ICimmei Brothers, Bngravors.PLATE AND LITHOGRAPHIC PRINTERS,! Embossing, Die Sinking, &c. Wedding, Visiting, and At-Hom« Cards. No. 78 Nassau-tit., New-York.FRED. K. KIMMEL. ., ALEX. H. KIMMEL.(Oak Orchard Acid Spring Water*This Wku-r is gaining great celebrity, and the demand for it hi increasing) rapidly; Its beueliciol character is attested by thou- sonds, una it is pronounced by distinguished physician* to be,First Independent Society—Hullallnost miraculous cures which it has performed lead usto believo mat it iis destined to become extensively used in the treatment ofl vjsty many diseases which ordiitary~-remedie«]'fail to otne.curative propeitiesare established beyond question, and we r^,°""« Men's Christian Uhion.-A regular mooting il soiured that it must, to a creut extent, supersede mznj ofsoutheast corner o-Broadway and With st. At 7_- p. m., the J uv. George F. Noyes und Houston sts m SUN.DAY EVENIN11 at 0 o'clock.r,reVtf'-A"i?H^J11 b c h c l U a t t h "i r Room, Clinton Hall. 011 MON- t;o attend!the limeral from his lato residence, this (Saturdav) and lirh-av.)—Prbnchina TO-MORROW dORNING, by the •Dr.IL T. HALLOCK. Subject: "Miracles." Tho public «rejt» uitilielal compounds of the day. W e recommend those! of our hders who m&y be suffering tVomgevietol debility, or from any the diseases-tor which this Water is presoribeoVto give it a «). No Water genuine unless procured from IL W . BOST - 1CK, Sole Agent, Metropolitan Hotel Building, Broadway,•w-York, No. 574. jj ' Ibowing before Ihe cross. When we thought of the nut it asunder; nor eon he any more unite v/hat God and nature II, Steph' n Y. Veddci', formerly ot Schenectady,.U"cd 38 years prior to his departure lor India. Divine seivico will be hold ac Superintendent. the Church, comer of fith-av. und2uth-st, .» 'SUNDAY EVEN-•'•"'•• : ."rnightybarriers,andhowrapidlythey wero falling, ,'i«venotjoinedtogether. and8motHis.•,n . ING,May18,'at7.o'clock,whenDr,SCUDDERwillnialtotho we recognked it as tLe Word of God. Mr. 'Clark Heitjlvcd, 'lhat of all insulting iiiock*iri«-s of heavenly truth and Th<; funeral will ake place at Hyde Park, on Monday Muy 14 doting address.bo.'ybiw, none canbe greater than that physical tin-potency is at J2J p. l, i. His remains will be taken' to Schenectady for In-announcedJhat formerly the Turks said of the Chri*- caun e suMici«nt for divorce, while no amount ofmental, or moral, terment. ' |. } - ' • • G. B. Stebbius of Michigan speaks lit Dodwoith'u Hall-,Special Notices.u-t.t., two door*- from Beekinau, next door'to'tbo NassanBauk. jtians; " Who are, these, who take Hour and water and or spv. ritual imbecility he ever to be pleaded In support of such a VVEST-Oi Thursday-noon. May 10 after a lingering illness, TO-MORROW, the 18th, at KM}a. in. u„< 7. p. m. •Subjoot.1; . PoHt-Oilice Notice.-Tbe MAILS for EUROPE, via REAT REDUCTION IN PRICKS. A lino Moleskin Hat for•lo&Q*r/iake a cake, and then worship it ?" But now that a dt?ui&ri '1. \ Mrs. Mur rWest, in the 70th year of hor uge..»wrer t~pe of Christianity was introduced, tbey aided Jte$oU*d, That such a law was worthy those dark periods Wh»;n The friemls and aSquuintances of the.family are invited to attendSOUTHAMPTON-and. BREMEN, per United State* steamer *2, as goodas sold oUewherc for $3 or $«. Spring and SummeCj NEW-YORK, will close ut this oiliee 011SATURDAY, the Pith Styles now ready. Please call and examine. ; I _.. | ]NING at'Ti o'clock.- tion (or Officers'of this Association will be held at Clinton Hall, CASTORS, *3 to *12; DECANTER S1VVNDS. *8 to0atr fljjwionaries and countemtuced our religion, exert- marriage was held by tho 'gr«aUsi>t doc^rs .and priests of the churchto?>«airorAroftkcjCeth only;andalnjost,ifuotaltogeth-Woman's Rights," " Usesand Abusi.-sof flplatiiulism." Groeue-st. M. E* Church (Between Broome and Spring-'duyofMuy.utlu'i o'clock a. in. _^„r T ' _. ISAACV.FOWLER,Postmaster., jag a. powerful influence in extending- it over the er, a defileu.'eut, denied wholly to tho clergy, and u second tinio "^jArineTnans. They were not sure- that the patrimony forbidden to oh.pf the sick man would be divided, but they weije sure,:' IUiolced, Tb.'t an unfortunate or ill-assorted marriage is ever a calamity, but Uvt oyer—perhaps noyor—a vrime; and' whenWii"lU' am,lfourig^st "son of John 'ond Marviua Wood, wod"Strangtjrs und othor.-i are'cordially invited., ......The seatsurenee. Astor-placisonTUESDAY, MayIfi, 1360. Poll*openjVom8a. FORKSandSPOONS,*2to%tlperdoaen; W *12.the fuuen 1services at the rOsldenco of her son, Mr, WllHumWest,Noj,142WestTwelfthstreet,'onSaturdaymorningat9* Bla.)—ThoRev.GilAS.E.HARRIS,th«o'clock. H'er—r<- i/ioins will be taken to Putorson, N. J. pastor, havvng returned to tho city, will pro 1 recouUy-appo.atedy<urs.'•irsJ2<fjy». ifI The church is sustained by voluntary coutri' lutlons Untitled Document ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069in. to 9p. in.CHAS. H. SWORDS, Recording Secretary..\ the store ofLUCIUS HART,*c-i o4Nvs. i and a BttrtimHUp._ jthesdtt Gnnirrui—-the South, in Bethesda Cougregatiouiil Church, between PrinceI'.mu-rthe,pustoralcbrttgeoftheRev.JOHN WILLIAMS.Seiviccs i; tunes on SUNDAY. Tho Rov. WM. H. BISHOP, a diadem within everybody's re»ch. Not to haw> it is trespass-:-J-Vi.1.1 -the work of the Gospel Ministry at the 13th-st Presbyterian place; and at the Committee Rooms, No. 613 Broadway, from,imr at 73 o'clock. A daily Prayer Meeting from 12 to lo'clock. AH are invited, and.goafs furnished^P. waller, Ho. c'JChambers-st. - *• ' .'•"To the Members of the Nevr-England Society^«•1&:ilcalth!—Tobohealthyfs-thegreatest'blessingofGoll,and*. - • • -______a_________i; •** _M___M1j.fc... y...>^.-,t . • •-.--•,..• .^..w......www.fultonhistory.com 