 •5*£I5•E ••is••af — apua-nswP0PT7LAB ntXDIS INthe Bona, of Brrne,New Yosn HKULDJ•*Upsiarrived at Annecy, toe Federal Council, and remained to session until halfpasx ton o'clock. A number of aqtmrasas, together with saveral special companies, had bean called together in their respective Cantons for periodical traintogaad essreaw. Thaw rmttthoss are the Nineteenth and Flfy-eighth, oat tsry No 6. and the First rifle company of Berne; batta lion Twenty-six and battery No. 9 of Tend, botahoo Forty and company No. 7 of Valais, battalion Thirty-nine o; Fre-.burg, battalion six and rifle company Fourteen of Neufcbatel, and rifle company No. 12 at Gloria The oc ernmenta af Zurich, Bale and of Freiburg have thanked the Federal Council for to mat circular, and psssstmd toeh* warmest support.The popular Assembly, held yesterday, to Berne, la tbe Cavalry barracks, upon the call of the Helvetian -i<> ciety. has had since its beginning the character of a grandmJSBhtaa that the govern — ' i n sat n •emaheanad at iwriwz*T*rT>~* liasairti. * * lUmVrSmmmT wBt b a V aatoaan Skat 3arise from the drcumetanee that it ia contrary t>> tne na- tural feeling to parcel out a country which for a long series of years rormed one entire, and peasnesiMi so rich,->wnzerland tbe case Is different, she sees an opportunity • if aggracdissment, and endeavors to profit by it; in so doing she only obeys the natural instinct of all democram a moment as conduct truly absurd- fit only to be can signed to obuvkin. to Ihe whole speech t h e n to syllable of reference to anyi*** **"*"**'-** ******?** *..*—.*—m tmmmm ^their value when It is proposed to separate -iav ov from advnasty to which it has been attached ier ag^s, and ofwhtoh it includes the csadat. Bat if tins jout of new beremoved, and one becomes familiar with toe idea ofhenceforth connecting one's fate with another Power. yet been fxtia ncertainly a matter of great interest for the great republic Face to too* withJjsrt11» Savoy a any Weald,aa wwh regard to Tea-fully estimated the point of view in which Switserlaad veioped itself ia the province Which at present bears the name of Msnrienne. In toe courae ofsimple protest of England against the annexation af Sa- toe only hope, the only wisdom, on the part of the SoothR7J"^"^^.^.^j^y^T**** ~*T* beonof toe governors of laaeey and Qhaaabery, of the 8th and lfith of March, that toe populations of Savoy were called upon to declare merely as is whether the- wished to coBtmne betagtag to Sardinia or to be annexe to France, aad that these important documents mads n >ot Switzerland nor of her rights, solemnly reoag atoad, to the neuti aliaed provinces of Savoy.The Feleral Council could not aixeot in silence such proceeding, ft would have been seriously wasting" to th« interests of the country whtoh are confided to it if it had not protested in a solemn manner against tola mode of acting. On the 12th of March the representatives of S»itz ermad at Paris and Turin wore instructed to call too at tentton of France ano Sardinia to the fact that if Savoyto abac for alter acts tf a rimilar nature,« ids/erf taaa.a—gorr wa asap warn atfernan toethough Switzerland has still every confidence ia the asturanees which were given to her to the beamaing ofFebruary, she nevertheless considers, in present dreamresolutions similar to mow of Berne, aad have besides protested againat the resolution of the Council o' State o Vend, whtoh might divide the Swiss and cause prejudiceas the government to take a I orpositos to his achem cotsiceraole cheeringThe Earl of Elgin was to take his i the 4th of AprilThe chief constable of the Isle of Ely (one of toe resorts for prise fights) had ootaicee warrants for tne as- prehension of Bayers aad Beeuaa with s view to their be- ing bound over to keen Ihe peace for twelve saeeths.OTBj» *»V •»• ' •**• -» N*"* •» • * * • » With MM try, hn*that the Powers of Europe, if they intend to namely, that the policy of England shall, in fat ire.SWISS PROTEST TO SARDINIA-In toe treaty of peac* which was ooacluded in 1584 be The following protest ties oeen handed by the Swigs• 7 that I thtsk ZTLmr' m l i s on tow *s*towt. Boll ***** w I M I totnknot be such as to estrange England from any of the go vernmeoia of Europe—that it shall not be such to Frauce on the one side, or to Austria on the other, aa shall make one of those Powers the embittered enemy of Encrwecn Berne and Savoy, under the mediation of toe Cm federate States, and which was guaranteed by France and Spain, will be found a provision to this efiVct —neither of the parties shall alieaate. bv means of sals, ex- change, or aay ntber manrer tbe towns, fbrtresaes, eo>iturtes and populattona to any other prince seigneur, etty eouotry or eamaranity whale»er in order thai one of tae parUaa •AMI ure serve the other from all foreign cetiftiborbood t aportunate aodEnvoy at Turin to Count Cavour:—Your Excellency—Tbe Federal Council, subsequently tthe cate of toe note which I lately read to you, was to tor men that the Savotsian Intendants have published pro clamations at C bambery and annecy, ra which tbey in lorm the citizens mat a public vote would *<cn b« taken relative to the benesation oi their cenntry to France—tn presence of tbis manifestation of the inteiitiona of the Sar-BJS, ST U ff«fllMi«llUcns (Land cheers.)Lard Igaaj Miss—e sati ha had award the speech of thean impartial position among the governments of Earopn giving her opinion aa she le only bound to give it, when the question does not immediately affect her own interest,from Hi—ittSIISialsataO—(BhlllSV—I1»the*i t urn result of panes, which tends toto m warn wafter aft. toad at the artectnal saaat to be donerThe admission and maintenance ot that manner of see-ing are likewise an hHersational oecesaity; lor if theseBertbern provincea of tiavoy are not connected with the rope cannot gau m any reaped by acceu.ng to the wishes to annihilate him. He pursued his own barr-TLiThenobte ha d flaaisba B*mi l*nvotarv Ibftffate of Switzerland, tbe important passage at the Sim plan, that of toe Great St Bernard, as wei: aa the can tons of Vaud and Geneva, ore coustanuy menace 1.expressed, the probabili'y is that the Swiss demands will be eventually rejected:—'-Europe has no interest in Swlt seriand's acquiring a new canton formed of certain ports of Savoy, tor Switzerland would act thereby become morewhile at hie desk in tbe Senas*, aad aaade oo n anybody's behavior to nim. and curiosity was st its height when at length be explained himasisTgW YORKHERALD, iatV"-"^W'' '•0 *0 *i.t **:FBIDA Y ,APRIL 13, 1860.-TRLPLE"iffr^ttr^-'-mi-'-iri"' *J '!fl 11toat when (mure Vf arise, wa to declare." Oh, oh")—rose immediately to compliment the noble lord the Secretory Cor Foreign Affairs, and to say what I have never beard him say before, namely, how grate:ul he felt to the noble lord for the opinions he bad ex jre«*-'i, and for the courae which the government were about tobar duty and her right to chum such a declaration aa cau only tranquillize her m the matter of her interests, wc.cu she has on this occasion to depend.The legal basis of the pretentions of Switzerland it so well known, and baa been stocusaed in points of view so variODS, that the Federal Council thinks it might refer in this matter to its precedtog notes, and especially to the memorandum annexed to Ms circular of the 18th Novem- ber, 1859—a memorandum in which toe subject was ex plained to an elaborate an 1 complete manner. It thinks. then, that it may limit itself to instating here on some of toe most important nomasThe foaVper,aoace Beige, or March 31, publishes the following ss a pcatscript :—tanas, always inft- friendly terma, bat still firmly, that the set- take. The house are aware that I have more than ouceWa have jutt been informed by our London correapooflcst that the Emperor of toe r w e n , failing oactupon bis last resolutions, souli be . isuoeed to do jostioto the claims of the S»ms. We naftiraPy give Una neercwith the reserve whtcn it deserves, while we a 10 that Heenan might probably be potior war-: two or three days,af Europe, uau the peace of Europe, are matersregard to the annexation of thia country, to tne onion or junction of that other counexpressed an opinion that a close personal affiance be- tween the sovereigns of this and the sovereigns of other CUBEtries, is not, in my opinions, advantageous to England, nor indeed to Europe, I think the noble lord mean* to take that course which, in the impartial opinion of every one, most be admitted to be wise and] good—he tnteadsother indications, transmitted to tis from A. Petersburg. lead us to believe its truth—at least, these indications may serve to explain the decision of tae Imperial go vernment, If it really exists.A report was current that toe fight between Bayer* and on account of toe threatened poltee toterifereBca. & wasbelieved, however, :D pporttag circles, that Sbs III l|S.Bjl date would net be changedMr Wemyes Johaoa, who recently planed a ] part in a New York law court, to <oiMoniez. had figured to a Laodoa pane* court farthreatened Sir James FergusonTbe English sbareholoe-s to the Qrand Trunk Railwayof Canada had agreed to the tirectnr* reeomstosdatiSsl to raise as additional H^fjn C00 to pay off Uabibttes and provid* further rolliBg stock.The annual meeting of the ttiantic MaS company (0*1- way line) bad been held to London It was aanounead that nearly toe whole of toe eaottal bad bona subscribed, and that four new first class stsaanera, were batog eon-;ja»n. in-i which uMtoaotety terms the happiness af a* lead; but such as will enable England to laketkaf inad it.oi Lord John Roaeel wan high spirited it, he could antwhich had evokThe instrument to conformity with which hia Majesty the King of Sardinia consented to a cession of tenteryiiif•aid he aid not be baaof ntoldjiake war upon France. Butthe rightany dftquietude.tH on the Treasury benches; and 1 the beat objection to hia doto? if the right honorable gentleman wii! permit me, I wir gUre him a pieoe of advice. When ne wants to make war open tne Treasury bench, be sboulinot begm hta assort when they are to the right [Laugh t « . ) I have been oppoted to governments, and I hope 1 have on men mwaatoM done *r*nstblng to render their position aaaja—•> ("hear, hear," and laughter)—but I hare always acted upon thia plan. Bvery govataaaaatt— even that of Lord Darby aaaaaahaaa Aoes thioga that are right—(hmghler)—and then I have always been ha- ' to give went a y support. Bat on the other hand, evta such governments aa that of the noble viacount are *,n to make great miatakea, aad my courae has bean to attar,* them open theae mistakes (Cheers and teognter ) 8 •*. the right honorable gentleman not on*y makes war i w the government, but open all the party with whom for the last twenty years it « supposed that he baa been ar*- tag, The right honorable gentleman makes war upac all the past of his own life, and for a gentleman of hia po-ver of debate, of comprehending questions, and of being use fttl both to the House of Commons and to his couutrj, itia a lamentable thing to see mm committing, 11 think,, o great a mistake (Cheers.) With regard to the main ob- ject at tone, I am opposed to the Houae placing i'*: if m the humiliating; position which it has so often of late been invited la occupy—that of barking when Mdoes not inland to bite, and of making itself, u >t the guardian of the Powers of Europe, for that would be fooiish and impossible enough—bat maku.g Itself the common scold of all Europe. (Cheers and laughter ) Nothing can be more humiliating, notnitig mare hweelom than such a position. I am not aura mat some of oar debates, pernicious aa they have been .a other respects, have not rather eflbettd the judgment of the noble lord at ton head o. foreign affairs. I do not, perhaps, quite and* i stand toe observations with which the noble lord closed bw speech—(oh, oh)—bat the o n e lord opposite (Lord J. Manners) always glad to airy fcimracteriKd as a protest.tend, Prussia has net yet sent bar reply to too i Federal Council. The iestablish two fortified enaampmenia M, • liable information, without aay I©reatIn Ihe Tlnnssi of coaasaaaa, ou tow!we Might sen" with that which civilization Is, day by day, departing from, namely, privilege aadfdeapotism—(renewed cries ofstances, and seeing what m passing in Savoy, thet it i» to (be people of Vaudtheb o o nthat fc.>^TM*^^^m~mmmm*>ILI*ll»VI.».»Jll>H.t^uu»ilMiiU',|J«^wl^W«(•"Wisp^s^pp r••~.-*•.selves, when transferred to France, ever worthy of theirglorious reputation and their noble reminiscences. Beespecially engages them to bear ia mind that France andItaly are two sister nations, having the same destiny, that geographical necessity aad tne political opportesity If of taking the lead in the march of civilisation.The Tuscan Government has decreed that all property to mortmain snail be redeemable at the coat of a capital bearing interest equal to the annual value of the pro- party.V etimont and as a condition to tbe cession made by theKing ot a part of Savoy to Switzerland The King's letterto the Marquis de St. Maraan dated 8<b October, 1*14, andtbe declaration addressed on the 2r>to Marsh, 1815. by feeto. Mr. Seward'* own friend* knew the mac well that mmister to the plenipotentiaries of England, Austria.Council ofins for months past that a* he shoula be elected their ssc- tltn of the Union should secede from the covdedaration, thus connecting hit name forever withat toe to aBmnm, March 19,18*0. a history. These ooneidoraiions of piety have certainly ewe It asost, however, be ackaowiedged that the temp and by this very silence they are oeetrojed. HeTHE XBW BOUNDARY LOTH.of mat year toe peace of Europe i menaced, and saasfftttas were oat in Upper Italy, the Federal itself called upon to explain to too high Powers the attitude of war, the Confederation proposed to take to the p ni tosas of Savoy comprised in the i—provincea on which Switzerland hastattoo Is great. If Switzerland- poaseaaed Chahiaa, Fau ognv and toe Genevois. sne wonli bold toe lea shore of the Lake of Geneva throughout its whole length, sad the lake would Oecctne exclusively Swiss, whtoh it baa neverface to face with Southern leader* who haverighto, founded on European treaties, and on of toe 29thof March, 8th of June,and 20tiithat objection to a partition has no longer any unpjrTbe territory which at present constitutes the Duchy of Savoy had, like all toe States of the middle ages, a small beginning, pt was only by degrees, by conquests, and by successions, that it emved at its present state. The nucleus from which the Savoy or to-day aeSwitzerland, not, todeet*, of toe highest order, but one of those vulgar interests which attract toe masses, and at tunes even >rovt too much for toe wisest governmecta To conclude,'the treatiea on which tbe public right of Eu rope reposes ore a-*verse- to tbe pretensions Of Swttosr land, and totwe pr-r-ensions are of ne interest for Europemovement, he exbJMtod the origia of 'tween the two section* of ths Union, tbeguard* provided by the father* of the republic, the can*** of toe failure of these safegard*, the enaoachmemt of thesiavrholdtog interest, the decay of liberty asm order, whereby the republic bad become degraded to the eye* of the world, and the folly and bopilssmsas ofof November, 1815In the answers with which they honored the note of theFederal Council of toe 14th Marjh, 1848, the high PowersOPINIONS OK TBI AUSTRIAN PRB88.The dutfruia Saxtuot Vienna, of tbe 27th,says ;—A tbe proposal to sever the Union. Be •bowed howAfter toe atone of toe war and the signing of tbe peace of Zurich, the Federal Council once more thought It tievoy wotiio be a ruiict io»s act, but that would not be tbe • m a faithful union with the fret- State* till her own af-AS Id the origin, tbe varwss districts which formed davoy uonsexsrong between Switsermsd and lbs neutralized have in toe course of time been affected by tne principleprovincea of Savoy. At that period there was a prospect of partition. The canton Of Vaud, the Lower Valais. andtion is not a great Power, but it mast protect itself. A whtoh absolutely precluded ail offence protest on be r part would not discredit her if it were to far above the reach of personal roprto* A i produce no rt suit 8wSaerland baa toe right to invoke thn* elevates the whole ground ofduty to call the attention of the high Powers to the reiaofthe •listing of n Congrees, whtoh would be charged with settling the affairs of Italy, taking for tot basts theofVUka>ancn,mwliichtMidMofanItaii*cr, 18m>, the FederalGensva have for eenturiea belonged to Switzerland Other portions—Bogey and Brest*—are incorporated at present with France.Thus, as has been already remarked, toe geographical position itself of Savoy csmmanaa a partition, inasmuchthe aio of the great Powsra when her neutrality is me Bated; she ha* the right to demand the neutrality of Cha Mais and Faucaguy, and she mperfectly right in suppos ng that he neutrality will not be sufficiently guaranteed if those districts are possessed by a military power of tbedenly fortifier one of the two greet las to restore toe iwsprmdero»»*dtekos byj dent*, most be a grt*t spiscb B f » _T Bdently contemplates ih' ^ ? " ~ J ; jTasuTnrinciDies and practise a ' she iree r — , w « ito the deliberations of i had for object theof Savoy.iofyear toe Men was discussed of modifying thei of Savoy to France was an idea closelyto that of a great Italian State formed bj of the Duchies to toe ttogdom ofi a own affairs for such a task to be undertaken.leave time lode its work. For tbe .rope desires tranquillity, aaa,2t tS axwhabte that for sameto come toe totin quo will not be M» turbed.laoft the first" ofof""""" ff y ^''"'-'Mi '''y**!^i!>iB{iwi^wcsM, result would beexhibitingmentand its painful surprtos when it saw in the proalabe set at nought by a simple cession, aad aa tltue by a popular vote.years It is a remarkable speech in every view. Every hearer aad reader seems to have been token entirely by surprise by the whcie matter and manner of Ihe mam-_, without, But what was itssiderabie debate, tbe toll abehsbiag was the object of an arrangement. Switserland could not manifestation ot public opinion. More than 4,000 persons passed through committee astid frefuse to be heard, aad that toe treaties recognized up u took part to it. Tbe deportiBrnta of Berne, Neufcbatel. tax bill was earn passed toroagh committeethe latest date by all toe Powers of Europe inter ste Geneva and others came with their burners, arouodIn tbe Boose of Lords, oa toe 29th ultimo the Ellenborwigh espresso* bto oasvannounced finance system tor India wmOd, j conciliating the aattvee. have a directly ooetrary tontoav-cy. In tbe Bouse of commons on the i question of the reorgsniaauoa of ths dm was debated, ancto produce any papersonly give aa incomplete view of ths iIn the House or Lores on the Stab awkms was state of affairs with China was delcast upon government for eaiout tbe consent*of Parisanguine hopes that the I concession. aad thereby avert war.Until a settlement was arrived at the aland af I would be occupied by one hundred ftntmb martoes aa equal number of American Iestablished between the Confederation and Sardinia the closest relations predsely to what concerned Savoy, whicn it was now proposed to cede. Switzerland believes, then. that she has the right to demand that the cession of toe neutralized provinces, if tossed toe status qui was not tenable, should not be effected but with her concurrence as a principal contracting party, and conic, not take place without her consentSwitzerland consequently awntts, with reference to those provinces, positive awstorations necessary to tran quUUse her, and to remove nil disquietude as to toe main tenance of her rights.which nocked an immense crowd of all classes and of all opinions. Besidrs many membera of the Federal Coin cil, Federal Assembly and toe governments of the neigh boring cantons, there were observed in the hail the minis- ters of England and Prussia.The Assembly hat adopted toe following proposition of the Central Committee :—The Assembly declares that it unanimously supports the protest of tbe Swiss Federal Council against the iacorpo- ratoon with Eranceo. the neutral listnct of Savoy, and * of opinion that tbe necessary military measures should be token to assure to tola protest the aqaaasasf efficacy.The representatives worn, besides, charged to protestagainst the manner of voting announced by the governors, and to demand that batuiu voting an understanding been adopted unanimously. It baa for Us object to teviie Should be come to with Switzerland, since, if tn» desire the Federal Council to take, even before toe meeting of thewsa not satisfied, the Confederation would be ooliged to invoke the intervention of those who had guaranteed the European treaties.Federal Assembly, the nreessay steps to have a sufficient number of troops assembled to tbe Cantons bordering on Southern Switserland.Sir Robert Peel msas it anected toe swanmMto of Iaa ha regarded it aa anof the return of into country to those alliances only when she is asked for it. If this were the proper oc ODflrona, aad that each be, and continue to be, preserved dmian government, and without pretenuog to oppose on stencted tor carryisg out tbe fortnightly service m Jonshave been dattorbed. He thought aaaton, I should take the noble lord to task for the course from itthe inasli/ warn indebted to Sir Bo Paei, lo Mr. Ktegiake, aatt to Mr. Hortmann for theprinciple any rectification or fron -ters wbu-.h may suit the convenience of France and MardinU, aad meet the wtthee of a part of tbe Savoanau populattona. the unuereigned, appealing to the good faith of hn Majesty Victor Emma nnel II., whose ancestors have sworn to observe the treaties invoked by Switzerland—1584, leoa 1764, 1815next An- offer of fiif.0.000 bad aeea trasatesd tar too contracts ofihe company, but could not beit waa contrary to agreement.This stipulation of tbe treaty of peace of 1664 was con firmed, together with all the other treaties, r>ytne 23d article of toe treaty of Turto, dated 18th March, 1818which has been taken with regard to Naples There innothingwhich Ibelieve ismoreirmly andmore unchangeahiy established than that the past policy of England withregard to various matters connected with the governmentof continental Europe baa been a policy not ten tinsto her honor, not goad for her people, disastrous to her fi- in favor of Geneva comprises toe following provunon and 1816—and which sh° has heratsli ever religiously B was said that to* bneyaooy which prevailed *n I nances, needlessly meddling, and of BOadvantage to her guaranteed by the High Powers on tne 29to of March onsetvec, calls upon tbe Sardinian government to Bourse waa caused by tbe eflarts ofwhatever. (Opposition cheers) / am not eafcwp for a 1815- proceed no further to the path in-Heated by the procia were anxious to show that Lord John RueselPS < paftcye/ eaftw mmi atssliHi itoiation, but I btUeoe toot a That the proviaees of Chahhtis and Fa.icigny and the whole matrons published hi Chambery and Anaecy without open tion to seek for other alliances ban not prsducad say iyaaigj y ftslaMiw awerid be better thorn •pAvy (fineeutni ten San lo the nonlnf Ugtaa, baloDffinn to hia Vajeary. fan* ing negotiationa with ihe awtos Confederation, with a oa French caphalisto.asaanlsns, (Cheers.) I hope the noble lord will taae this assess that he will more with France, whan he has to move with her, clearly, frankly, honorably, and in » manner that cannot be saawnhaa I know the noble lord wlU sever tractae to any Power in Europe, tout I hope he will so condact the policy of this country that all the na- nens of Europe may say that which I believe tony save nasatotote sot seed, that England Is a power that regardsMB epwfEl KT^Osa* lBg(wjnT^9vv0^ JB^BansaWyij*--*fABSj^Bja> xw U a v n t i v i ^ v ixa.tj% U i Bnrope where interference can be avoided, and that when it dees interfere, it interferes, net tor toe sake of degrad- tog one Power or of exaluag another, but in favor of those great principles af justice and medetatton which it ia necessary t«>observe if the pease of Europe ia to be pre served. (Cheers,)PROCLAMATION Of VICTOR BMAMfJBL TO SAVOY AVD NICB.The feBswing is a summary of toe proclamation which King Victer Emanuel baa addressed to the populations of Savoy aad Nice to release them from their oath of alle-HJS Maiesty after briefly stating that a treaty has been signed on the 24th tostant, between himself aad the Em peror of the French, deelarea that, to thia circumstance. he baa had three considerations to view:—First, a debt ot gratitude to pay to a generous ally; secondly, the just equilibrium of territories: and, thirdly, respect for the affinity of manners, habito ana language which already untie the provinces of Savoy and Nice so closely to France—aa affinity which daily becomes greater, owingpartct the Swiss neutrality gnar aied hv ail the Powera- Ihat Is ts say, ttat every Usae the aetabberfcig Powers «te.a nadtoemselvoelaa stale of sectored or lountaent hostility the.troops of his Majesty me Ktog of Sardinia, whtae misntbatoen la tsmm D'oriaasn, aheli retire, aad for tost purpern through toe Vatoia, V that should Become aacsatary; at troops of aay other Power «an r ileuma, except those wham the Swam Oaosaaora kproper to piase there, it botof wsU uaasisljadof these rrovmJa in^Thttb the <•«? "me ataeJ aanledaaaaanee af order" Thai reaalaUoB m for ibytheaadaniBleof the act of the Congress atIn fine, the declaration despatched and signed at Paris en toe 30th of November, 1816, announces itself as fol-Tae Powers acknowledge aad squally guarantee the neu- OralKyof those pe>ta of havoy designed, by the act of the Oon —of Viexna of the Kth of March, 1816. and by the treatiof Peris of that day, aa having tae right to enjoy the neutrality the same meaner as if they befcmgea1 to theThe Powers who signed the declaration of toe 90th of March acknowledged authentically by the present act that. the neutrality and mrtolanilrty of Switzerland, and rte in- dependence of all foreign Influence, are to the true in toresm af the policy of all Europe.view to preparing a solution of the pending questions, calcu toted to respect toe rights, while it protects the wellundeistood istereata of the contiguoua emutries. So longas aa understanding with Swtts-rtand shall not have tn preparations were batog made fw the camaajgaiag oasatto thefacilitiesof us • m a n ailrelations,the rapidity ofThe Idea which directed the high Powers in thesestipulations is evidently that—the neutrality and tndependence of Switzerland are a condition of Euro-pean security is general, and to order to protect asmuch as possible that neutrality and independence cited, because she ia unwilling to renounce her preten-next adds that there shall be no pressure upon toe •willofthe country, which shall be freely expressed. "Such ia my arm resaivs," says his Majesty, "and alsosome parts of Savoy are comprised in Swiss neutral! ty whtoh are absolutely necessary efflaacioualy to do fend that neutrality, and without which the object pur- sued In the interest of Europe could be only incompletely attorned, if at all. These motives exist to as mush force at the present day.sions; ibe persists in demauatog that, if Savoy cesses to form part of the kingdom of Sardinia, the full poosssmoa af the three neutralized provinces shall be tranaferred to herself"Referring to the arguments brought forward by Switz- erland, toe article observes —"If tbe great P>wers recog- nised the neutrality of a portion ot Savoy to 1816. and if tbey assimilates to some respects that neutrality tol's S p e e c h . 1st P o l m t of V i e w .desire of the Emperor of the French." Incon i, orders have been given for the Immediate re- call of aQ toe functionaries not natives of the provinces toIn presence of these facts in presmce of rights so lemnly guaranteed to the Confederation by Europe—Switz-BmfTlteft[From tbe London Mows, March 2» ]The American newspapere will probably tarn out to be be ceded. The King, to concluding, calls upon Nice and erland can express no opinion that her pretenatene to thai of Switzerland; it was at the express demand of right which any that Mr. Seward's speech is tos mast im- Savoy, if the separation should he realised, to show them the neutralised provinces of Savoy are not of a nature to the King of Sardinia, solely in the interest of portant which baa bees delivered in Congrees for manyHere ia the place to take into consideration both theAn additional protest, proposed by Mr Oartaret, hasA popular assembly, compoaad of more than 1 600 peoed up to the present date, a satisfactory answer. Al pie, has also taken plaoe at Vevey. They nave aoopaeo the aggressive policy of the :That notification has bees made, but it has not obtaintervened for theregalaiion of whatever, according to toe terms of toe treaties concerns her to the eventaartty of toe cession of Savoy to another Power, tbe aaatorstoawd, to ths name and bv order of toe Federal Council, pro tastoto|tootBwsssssjaBSafiaajaftsgslssl ah vtotottos af territory or aay outer act which might lean to a change la the present suae of things in Savoy In the hope that the legitimate demands of Switzerland will be received by your Excellency with that good reeltog whtoh baa ever characterized toe reia Uoas between the King's government and tbe Coo'dera-iion, the undersigned begs your Excellency to accept the assurance of hia high consideration TOUBTE.OPINIONS OP THE FRENCH PUBS.The Parte Deoate, March SO, publish -s an unusually long a n k l e on tbe twins question, to whtoh it deelarea itselfstronglv opposed tc the pretensions of toe Confederation it seems to imply that toe Swim Cabinet is playing a part for the purpose of producing a certain effect in Europe, intee hope of turning to account the diversion so created. Our cotemporary says:—"Are tbe alarms expressed by Switzerland altogether sincere? We are rather inclined to think that Switzerland is vexed, because she begins to perceive that she will not obtain the considerable advan- tages which she expected from the change that has come over the destinies of Savoy. Switzerland is getting exof aa army af 260,WKi men, and that ail < on furlough hod been ord red IA journal under tres oat at Geneva, and advwtoaraBastiFrance sets out her siroauou with respect to a Pnwer oc-cupying the north of Italy to the sense that it is bar dutyto claim the French slopes of tbe mountains ia eroer tosecure her frontiers, Switzerland baa a much strongerreason to form a similar claim Switserland being a plete understanding ot the second Tbe Federal Council, which have been vociferated against him through-State bounded by two great military Powers, has a much Tens. March 37,1800. stronger reason for claiming a frontier such as will renthough it has published a great number of documenta, baa out the Union wherever rtsmseratHi CBBSSJ taken no notice of the Kings letter; and that omstion— to be found — charges whtoh far throe unintentional of course—has log-cally led it to lnadmissi- past, have been supposed fatal to bto*Hf'i',*g> the new frontiers of France and rtodment are der a serious defence of the western part of her territoryto be fixed by a mixed commission, toe two govemmeate possible, and without which her neutrality wouii be bie conclusions. For instance:—the Federal Council men- of power, hewe.er untrue to thehave agreed to the following line;—In the north the boon dary w hich separatee Savoy from Switzerland la to be preserved. In the east the frontier will extend to toe summit of Mount Cenis, the western slopes of which, as well as Fort Bramani (which la the key to that mountain,) will be included in the French empire. The line willM low the cham of the Alps to Mount Viso and to the defile of toe Tenda, and toe course of the river Raja, the mouth of which is at Vmtbxugna, a strongly fortified port in theTEE SWI8S QUESTIOH.of 1S16, protesting torn af Savoy to France —strongly and dai.y men used.By their geographical position the provinces in ques-tion evidently regard Bertiaerland, aad not Prance. The mountains there nave no atopes joining France; on the contrary, these districts form the natural ceut.tiua.ucu of the cantons of Vend, Vakss aad Geneva; their nature'' limits are on the eastern aide, in toe mountains which separate Savoy from Switzerland, and on toe sjuthnrn side in the chain of tbe alps which separate the southern part of Savoy from the north of that Duchytions two verbal notes drawn up ia February, 1816, by the delegate* of Geneva, to demonstrate to a Swiss depu- tation, the advantages which toe Confederation would de: r:ve from tbe arracgemenia propoeed; then it adds — • This passage leaves no donbt as to toe quarter whence the idea of neutralizing!Savov emanated.'' Tbe Federal >• ouLcii would out have said this, if it bad been aware of the letter of King Victor Emanuel I to M de ik. Maraan. for that lewer was written four months before the notes of the Gene^ese do legatee.''eauona of being lmplicated to tbe Harper s Parry ihove grown to strength up to the ham* of his • explanation; ana those whs ware aware of the iof toe charge still believed that the repubacsnifor the Presidentship could never rtcover toe ground lestby the party throu«h ths Virginia raid. From hi* arriv al at Washington Mr. Seward h*i been excluded from the usual paruamestory and social courtesy prevalent in to* soot ty of tbe capital. Ha waa avoided to ths street sod tn tbe Senate chamber, and ail men nuttomsesTteamed to nerseive that the Southern members anaOe sore af toss OS a victim, and were only waiting tor tos towThe motive for whtoh. at least, a party urges the anPrussia, and Russia, are decisive on this point: but these two documents most not be separated—they must be read together, ae the first is absolutely necessary to toe comenough to be certain that be would sot rsriprocsae South em violence la hi* advocacy of toe Northern view af the existing national crisis; but they looked with tatosss ex- pectation for his personal vindication from too enarge*Our coo temporary considers the conduct of Switzerland as perfectly natural under the circumstandee, bat as Eu-A* soon a* Mr. Seward spoke, to oil altos to* i nexation of the entire of Savoy to Frenne, appears to or Wsa ante to falsi toe turns'on entrusted to her. AM to ensationa aad measured bad manners mast bow*ages it extended itself so as to comprise the ter-ritories whtoh now belong to the Swiss Confederation. case with one from Switsenand The Helvetic Confedera- fairs are settled; aad tow exposition -tost if the interna asthesouthernprovincesOfthatduchy havetheirnatu 6rstrank. Theprotestof Switzerland isthan legaland pIlrlneosceirv*ev SOSPO? a,oaw-wars treated by ral slope towards Francs, aad those of tbe nasto just ss honorable. But if she wane to go farther she would perhaps, toe am* to try ^^Zj^ZJThifc •»*.rafnas to admit to them. The in-naturally towards SwitzerlandBat there Is another fact not less important than thatneedlessly expose bersetf to danger. There are moments and M sow appears again proc and circumstances at which the only means of effectivelyZL\ mZJTZ:wouid evidently geographical consideration. For the most important neresntutg la to adjourn restotonce deracts. Europe Is not yet in position to unite en-rgefccaily to the task of recon B-itutii'g a solid atom of pubbe law the ideas af the different powers are yet too confuted, their views too di vergest, and each Power occu >ies|itself too much withMr Seward shall not be Preeident hot It will be nador aew nnsiiSias*Without changing SJ* doctrine, aad \ explain the party miarepri ssslatom ofstead of aay "irrepreoBible differing ethics of too two ihe'Capitalhibitrng the radatollure aad social rate—. is far from» V.%>Confederation, of Sardinia with lbsof fife, for tne affairs of every day, tor the ex- change of agricultural and commercial produce—in a word, for all - t h e population of tost part of the neu- tralised provinces arc obliged to address themselvesexclusively to Switserland, while for all purposes they —rlslsin no relauon with theremainder of Savoy. Tbe tost that alreadythan 11,1100 citizens haws spontaniousiy manifeatel wish to be united to awizerlano to case they are tobe separated from the kisfMnm of Sardinia, folly known how to appreciate toohave been Sat forth—that theyis their inajsto mil that they await tosin the Swiss neutral Switzerlandterritoat theUntitled DocumentWe mmurm"'__ "..T *l -———--^As regards the <Some of the French journals had recommenced their di- atribes against En*landThe Pars correspondent of ths London «foid aoys tootA Berlinto M Tbouveners note, iaprovalof the annexation of Savoy to France Ss* intimates that the appeal of giaffsarfawS to the J-— aer rajam emafte mwmaaad, mad teat seem wig** protected Prussia concludes by tanmwing to I question of Switzerland in a special note.Queen Victoria at expected to visit Berlin about of June The accouchement OfFrederick William, is looked for in JulyftfttoRumors bad been current otnet. but the Commprndmuim aesagro/a d mearn. aad says that a hunmortal cristo i to be expected.Tbe officmi Madrid QauOe states that U to the battle of the Mb. was 1,267 killed aa The treaty of peace • to be signed at the 26th of April-all hostilities to cannato army, however, hi to be allowed Eabyles Marshal ODcnneU willUpon hi* arrival the Cortes will be-a--• t n wb.'tj>ar the mmg aaamwx.ta*ft*> daUBBsb *tzftfT..rMOnf-tfaresiy•sistae Cab Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•I- -y..;www.fultonhistory.com 