 •..powermay be allowed to say. with reference particularly to what has been already stated, that the Emperor of the French has, lately, with sagacity, coope-Gen. Lamokiciis£ has left Rome on ten months' leave of absence.By reference to 3faiiuon'i-Po;«rj, vol, 2, p. 1,226, the draft of a constitution will be found as reported by the Committee of Detail, It did not provide for a prohibition or tax on the importation of slaves. Onhis wife an ax, and another woman, some other premeditation.woman, and all were beating him tUl the blood Manslaujghter is the unmtentionar kiUlng while in came. On the following Monday evening prisoner had the act of^ committing any felony or misdemeanor. a knife and said he would take the life of deceased if Manslaughter In the second degree is kiUing aaother he ever got the chance ; witness was twenty-six years without a design while in a heat of passion, out In aa^ijlaaawhoarechargedwiththeconductof«Saltnobe prosperityandhapplneu. abIk«ot«iUy todohomagaattheshltDeof thatcom-cause. Asevidenceol for foursuccessivedays this,complete Republican system found on the face of the earth." [Loudaud prolongedShaU ua. the Court as counsel for defence, desired dwelling on the scenes of a few «an h^<at tiM iCheers.]their brothers ofspare all lives and continue all theyour blpsslngsyou.Slavery. (3dvol.,p.,vicinityplace. grand display on Turi,day night, to celebrate tne suc-stated that he examinedheavy damages ($5,000) which had been obtained in acivilsuitthesentencewouldhavebeensevere. It9 9^t yegHJUottt gjmcg, gafatrbag, yconttbtr 24, use.mminconaideratioii—UiatbariageverrthlngtoloM thekingrf«jnrt. AsVioroaBMifiittwill.«|_,. ie,thetrueol^eetIsl Is. IamaChristian, 'vloHPcetomyownfedingsifIdid'itotecOBdedandto«&*f^Kn^"^endthetime deceasedtoteaUfy^CMMthliii.TheoooaielbantIiand notbiog to gain by new ooateats, Uie two natlaiu r»te, have to annex some of the Papal Pronneee I apeak to Christians. I ' Iof *1*»^», '" ••»• »1><»'*?^"»1^^Mtbll Tlslt a warm and moat canmvtu^ydertveaimanybanditsirompeaoea«whilethePopeissUUatRone,tbeNwainfiirnoIneaktogoodChristlaa*.I/anaaadvenaratetnee'W-yourpersonaltodna*,tome. conildatatlonof»eaiticift*an«»•"»<>*•of•mend-^reu,«ahesereasomemorendlealbraaehefofialBiaitCO couldIniUctInjuriesonUMmsalresbywar. reSionwhyTKshouldtreatMatlMtofHapSliwltlt l%ioaofChrist,beeauaeiJuistoameintothiaworld 1wuoommlttadtothe Youktnbioif^Arbawladeaentplayt ingtheCoMlitOM^,andvotaa(orttiecUusethattio evidaiee.Inthey[Renewed cbeers.] That, gentlemea, Is tba truthtbat is what we understand In Frane^, as well as youcan understand It In Englandmeaning of tbe great eeonondoal rerolutlon whichtheEmperorhasjustaceorapUalmdInFrancebythe TicTosEHAaini.isnowKingfromtheAlpst»Sicily. KingdoesnqtknowCfariMMnophofthan to any plherin times that are past,supportoftfaeptiioaei'stheory,the*Hbof *»^sh.o!u^l^d'a7t",l*'a*TMt dwMWdwaa eloqnMt,ai«Treaty of Commerce, and of which the rast compass, In proportion as It becomes more known and better appreciated In SngUnd, will coofaund the accusa- tionsofwhichwe.navebeentheobject,andsiUl further cementprovinces which are now united Genii—that ofI leave the wholepeace ILood and geiMral chaeriag. The Lord Maylyoor next ido not keep the people from the the hateful and ballot.box,that—Theyear 1860, how many acts of home kind-were made of themand there are er-fidlowlng Monday moralag the deceased aad th* witneaa Leyne, wlw had beea drunk together overtlemenForthroughoutthe Union, these Therewasafriendlyentertainmentontillsocca- success—Ifeelthemallmoredeeply,moregratefully, sion, at which were present Gen, Gabibaldi, the pro- than I dare to express. May you all find reward rule, betaxedforthearmyDictator,theMarcheseViLLAHAsniA,thestuffs Intheincreasinghappinessandgrowi—n0g0greatnessof." Siuwill now libel the American their virtue !numbered 3, It hibition " of tlie"peacewent to thecovfrirea,respectedItdy."ers of each force—for each commander hasa ters to direct the whole attack, and took up his quar- have the privilege of trading in them, of them paid rate politicians in Bohemia are these who wish that buyingmorning,and said,See what that man and his wife ;;munto this was one. sufficiently aggravated to haretakingeventheoftadar^lift.myself,ouremarkable feature was that, la proposing a^a toast Andnowwepartagain. 'Vouto asidetheem- " " lay:which you have done us in so drinking larooThealths. Formyself,ImayperhapstrynenareeleetingaoonstttutioBalSoTerelga,heandcongratulationsItswhidilonnssoimportantanelement in the napplsea and pnMperUy of the country, but also by mixing with those who are practically ootaTartant with the worldng of our commercial sys- tem) to be able to compare with the results of theirBarrcBdermtC«paa« CorrafOHimet of the London Time:assignedby fore, ffedidnot "IwiU that a colleague might be fselgned ?rith himselC By say,mereial principlecheering.] ^^^^ed; everything was ready for' action, and,. Indeed, DIr. Yancey's Iietter on tbe Prohibition of request of the Court therefore, Mr. James T. Brady, my domain U* yon did before.; tbat^ In•"* of BoSttTeyino#"*Mr.Taoaio^w"W«»a»B'a«nd|£M«r>.- tet^preveaofjuMUaUehomleida.thatthedeceased; who came latabetween two countries. theproposedHer Mayesty'a Ministers,'^ which was drank amidneighbors. Mywill hasten to tnaafer their aUegiaaee to the »'«» o( educated ana culttvated population, it Is your duty to welcome from abroad-eympafhy with me In my should haveboen glad to have corrected.mueh oheerlDg.lAidFiUixuTOR who, on rising, was mostcordl-a!Irgtaeted,nld: My Lart Mayor, ladies and gen-and <« behalf of my qoUeagues, Ibegtoreturnyouourgratefulthanksforthehonorand so receir-through the indignation of the people la the garri-soned Anpravincee. inhabitant of Rome, or ClvltaVecchia, or Ttteitw, may be goaded to aome nih actmeans the my dwelling from firepower to assure and defendlts independence. On a tion with ine, so earnest, so devoted, so effective in be sratified by tliat act of courtesy, while, at tbe same that he make aad tikere4ip^rieiica thoie theories, accordlDg to which they opened on C^iua tldimorningin thebut we are determined, by the manly dignity ofup,so as to command the road to Gaeta. is far more pertinent to the argument—w hat the States taken as the highest evidence of what each State.thort,SHSh.i^^fjS'*,'^Having}1?^'°''*>">C .murderin the firat anrianih- degree,;is thegreater consldentlon.tlaee,aSliaSve-itSrtaodeSttoffmado,I guaianty.skotild""T way ttehave been taught that the aflairs of men in commerce antoberegulated. Iamhappythatit doesnotfall to oQT lot-on the present occasion to meet you, as has somaMmes been tne case with the Ministers invited to this usembly, with gloomy forebodings, which it was their task and their duty to endeavor to dispel. It Isat the present moment to be able to say that whether we look to the seats of our Industry at home, or to the development of our commerce abroad, to the success of our arms—where, umu^pily, our forces havebeencompelledtoact—orasnipectsourrela- tions with foreign Powers, we see reason for con-towards the sea. The whole town is built on the left with all the world, with the single exception of or south bank ef the river, and resembles In shape anbeJerS that Whentheprisonerwasmettiyaaoflbwroaf stairs, his utterance, " I did cut Um," ahowrlhit h»gratifyingactaaaaatsin^l^tt is true that a man's Intent is ordinarHr to bedeaaeed made the main body of tne Neapolitans withdraw be- miral PxftSAKo opened a fire against the Neapolitan in New-Yorkreapnldy Boston. Thefr substancespweiellchbees ceased, provoked a contest with him, and then .from his acts. But the fact that a knife is used la In-giatolation.SVe are on the most friendly teroisonly sIaveBolders,but im- Tbe prosecution would ask a conviction for murder presume every ignorant man an aecoraplilhed «n»H-that country with which we are eneaged in a con- test in fthe far East. [Cheers.] I am happy to say that in whatever direction we turn our eyes, the general pr^pects of peace are, at all events, satisfactory. [Cheers..^ Allusion has tieen made to the lirllllant successes which, in concert with the arms of our great ally, our gallant army and navy bars aohleved in the remote region of China. It must,indeed,beapreudsatisfactiontoever^Eng- lishman to see that the prowess of our two services is so gnat and so distinguished, and that under whatev- er difficulties they may be called on tu perform their duty, their exerUons and their exploits will always bepresstrade,ing the tariff of the two nations, thereby laying the outposts reported, however, to have heard great noise fotindation for a great extension of commercial Inter- and confusion in the town, which increased every conne between them. [Cheers.] I also trust that he lime a shell fell.I' '!\IIIIII!knife was in and was a common bread or meathas thereby tended most materially to cement thatDr. BiEisand the rest of the exploring party were quite well at the oonfiuence of the Niger.The plan was notito bombard indefinitely, but to re-commence a few hours next morning, and then as-sault the place. And tbe dispositions were taken to Whydahontlie(Vol.There were three stabs made, one in the throat and two in the jaw.reasonably suppose?The jury must inquire whether the prisoner was infriendshipand which ought always to kindly feelingis2Sth Sept with 600 slaves on board,perilbetween two nations which have so many prerail greatInterests in common, and which, from their geograph- ical position, are so fitted to have commerce and in- tercourse together. [Cheers.] 1 trust, gentlemen, that the clianges which have i:'een made, will not only tend to cement more closely the ties of friendship and al- liance between England and France, but that the cx-effect this, all tlie troops receiving orders to be ready to march. But all these preparations became useless, for at dawn the message came from General no Coa- MET, the Swiss Commander of the fortress, thai he was ready to.capitulate. The negotiations, which were carried on with Della Kocca at Santa Maria, lasted severalhours. 1havenotyetheardtheexacttenorof the capitulation, but the garrison will be prisoners °^ war, and already the order has been sent to Naples to prepare the barracks of the Granito for them. Their number is supposed to be about 6,000. The Cosenzand the American bark Buctfye sailed a few days pre- vious with a cargo of slaves. ^AFEICAN MAIL KEW3.Liverpool, Saturday.The Eihiope has arrived with 3,100 ounces of gold dust and $'J,700 in specie.re-Mr. SBiBMAtr, of Connecticut, was for leaving the OJictr clause as ii stands. (Vol. 3, p, 1,390.)prisoner'sHe went in, and met the pris-the case ishave the benefit of it.to a late hour, wbon our reports came in, had not agreed.The Court will sit this morning at 10 o'clock, to pass sentence upon Mulligan and one or two others.Court of General Sesaions.which has been soset nobly bythe French Em-him,andIamnotsorryforit;ampleperor, of overcoming long-standing prejudices, and giving effect to the true theories of commerce, may befollowed by other govenunents of the Continent, not1,390-1.)Mr. Ellsworth, of Connecticut—He said, however,that if it was to be considered in a moral light, weought to go further, and free those already in thecountry. As slaves also multiply so fast in Virginiaand Maryland that it is cheaper to raise than import his death. She came there the Friday before.them, whilst in the sickly rice swamps foreign sup- Witness then gave a succinct account of the murder,plies are necessary, If we go further tnanls urged, we which corroborated entirely the statement of Mrs. tence, upon a conviction of having assaulted Alder-ed, and they (the citizens of London) were always first antt foremost in the cause of progress. [Ctieers.lsion of -M brass guns, 100 gun-carriages, 'JOO.Ouo mus-grounds,when he made a :I11. 1,394.)Mr. GocviTRNrcR -AIo'tRis.ofwas an oldthe wound in the forehead one,Samuel Clark, already convicted of passing coun- terfeit money, was next brought out for sentence. ButBeocoham responded.Lord John Kcssill acknowledged the toast of the" House of Commons," in a brief speech, in which he made a slight reference to foreign affairs, observing that, notwithstanding the love of order whicli charac- terized the people of^ England, they appeared still to sympathise with liberty, and with all the efforts and struggles of an oppressed people to obtain freedom. [Cheers.]Several other toasts having been given, the proceed- ings, which lasted until near midnight, were brought to a close.I'HE ITAUAN KEVOLUTION.a bridge 240 metres in length, 500 hur'^e^ and mules, a large quantity of stores and ammunition, and several thousand articles of clothing-.GARIBALDI AT CAPUA."adduced for the people.Counsel for defense here suggesied that Mrs. Mc-healtb, he was discharged and judgment suspeaaed, Thomas Clark, convicted of an attempt at grandNaplis, Not. 8.of the King into Naples, Gabibalui terrible one, which he hadJohn Warren next pleaded guiltyto an assault andOntt^e entry "sat by his sid9in the carriage.To-day, at 11 A. M., Gajusalsi, accompanied by theprohibitedon the Saturday before the murder deceased came to the prisoner's house and asked him to go andMinisters, formally presented to the King the result ofthe pUHtciU. His Majesty received then in the his window, and he turned round and begged to bethrone-room. The Minister, Signor Cosroni, ad-their menace of and the lastofdelegates, and the above-cited votes Massachu.*etts,Connecticut and other Slates, prove my statementeye, dragged witness then went forout upon thean aiibi but the j«ry, altertheby testimonydressed the King thus:That people?issor'iingPolice-oflSce to get a warrant against O'Rorkea shortand he was remanded forThe Neapolitan people, assembled Electoral Committee, having proclaimed yon King by*are doubtless aware that Calabria is in a dreadfulin which matters werean inmiense majority, nine milUons of Italians an state, and parts in open revolt«guily,:beingcarried on* • ' »YouA com- itsthat;uniting themselves to the other provinces, which your M^esty governs with so much wisdom, vwlfying your solemn promise tiiat Italy should belong to the Italians."The King replied in a few expressive words.The deed of annexation was then drawn up the iDictatorship ceased, and the Mlni&try resigned. The enthusiasm of the people continues.of the officers late of thely pronounced,Let every State Import wtiat itheadyFtotr the London Ttmta. King VicToa Emaiccil has accepted theleredlittlefromthebadfiringofthePiedmontese. It eternal isthe vigilanceprinciplelib- promptlyMr.tillto-day. Heonlyhappened presetnlite as- itur,thatthe beadmittedtopractice. Ac-Sovereignty He must have had strict but peculiar no-tax we pay for enduringsuccessful effort to extemrthe time for the importation of slaves from Africa to the year 1808.professional business, and had accepted dutyappellantsof Italy.tions of etiquette if he had any longer hesitated.who has disregarded so many rights, who has evaded -piontese. International law and tlirown to the winds Interna-tional courtesy, who has bearded an Emperor and aerty.'i'he iimnediate q-.iesUim is thesigned bywho has manreuvred brotherthcdr thrones, who is banded withis at this moment virtually excommunicated, need Imdly be deterred from calling himself King becausemoderation in triumph. That we may do this, let us I remember that it is only as of that the»«• ,, p /;^"f f^Pope,sovereigns out of revolutionists, andstitution, the of the United States shall If the statement of the witnesses wasEffect of the DeathuponU<discrownedrivalisstillonItalianground.Should ThisIsabeautifulday—Oa ibrtone of war, or that obstinacy which often un- I ^ligllag inch characters as tliat of Francis II., causeful, it is great, because It binds together with a new Americans, brethren. It Is a trial of issues by theOn Mr. GxBBY'ajnotion, Massa':husetts, Connecti- cut, Penm^ylvanlaand six otiier States voted aye, (3d vol., p. 1.103-4-5.)was a man indeceased the ofGaete to be prolonged, it is all the bet- ter tfiat tlia impatienee of the conqueror and hi-*Itogether. forgetFree Italians cannot, [Here peoplemuchlargerandbeforeJust^e :T::L'<^":tL^CL, 24 ^V"«hWane^ ^r ^. W. Culver,ilwdtfmoeofCircuit in this,T -^he^^'uiotild get the better of-matia oaramony, and that Victor Emancil shouldaj.pUuse.] Italians free—yes, all shall pleto attainment ofCarolina,tonew lubjectfto the quickly. cause ofdoingwound In the arm as It had beeneffectshrinkbackbeforeKjomaUa.hare atrenI havetmies— It aliki; tu right of telling the truthandinthat the for proposition;ofthefrprovespro- 01 slaves "came fromHedestroyed ^sion on the bearingInaUonahty,""- wperpeserveduonCiulver,juiv -*,AlterwhatkasWtaa iilends would have been inoHaed to smllaL and ene-toreme Ood ticketmore humanity tccA tte aUTaiy for whish»»«»»».*»" nSff^,?"" ,V *^.mies to sceer at any further dlqUrof sorapuloiity. *••••*to theand the other German free town*. Should laeh a poUcr be carried out, nothing will remaiB but to salnta Vmoa Bhabcu as the firstA letter dated Qaeta, Kov. 2, says:sumed Oieir wonted our foliage, mayhearts be re-which eaiK InHamburgnewed In their mutuallen and angry clouds which seem to be gathering in the political atmosphere have given place to those se-vrtlchmenof hisSf'^S,'^,'*?^ yrs.0-HorShirS2Cisiau, Friday, Nor. 2. Yesterday afiemoon, at 4 P. U., our batteriesthere was a moment when the signal fjr filing waswho, happened to be present on other bujslness, under- took the conduct of the defence, and ocoupled his en-The woman Since return home attention has been the time.crosaed th* unding and thus began the attad. Ub;they would have received a broadside from thedaygeneWnis dischargeduty.ings. But he very soon returned towards Sessa. To- wards nightfall the fire became slack on both sides, and, with the exception of now and then a shell whlciiGeneral trade was dull in the various ports, on ac-;the prisoner always carried aTherated with the Government of this country in libftat- you could see traversing the air, all was still. The Nun River. The rains had ceased at Sierra Leone.enlightenedNiger expeditionsheath-knife for use in hisbusinessasarigger. Themay defoi^self when In peril of great bodilv injtiry, or when hegeiularnitrie, who had taken lefugc there aa in a safeDr.Beech,thenextvritness,ers, and that, besides, the Piedmontese got posses-part of it off; the main artery in the neck was se-No further was of'^I saw Gabibaldi at 6 o'clock, he was moshsor-Peter (rBrennan nextprinciple equal Delaware Virginia, (3d vol., p. 1,427.) whether the facts to be in evidence would es- at gruid larceny, and at the request of the complain-tlie London Times, Naplis, Friday, Nov. J, IStiO.CuTresjiondence ofThe following letter, from a General in the ser-Constitution, excepting tliat the Committee reported ining what were the feelings of the Dictator on the oc-the States in the Union which allow, in fact, free speech, free debates, free mails and free and universalI[Icharaactteermwpats anbdodtihley proved,casion:Mr.yCoBHAii,'*The bombardment of Capua commenced yester-the defense in a brief address to the Jury. He hoped to prove that so far was his client from being guuty of the deceased, heday at half-past 5 o'clock, P. M. The King VicroaEmakuel was at St. Angelo. La Rocca^ officers hadnot got the range, and the fire was not very effective.But tliere is still greater reason to rejoice in the manner in which this success has been won. It is themurderinghad only defended himself against a hostile attack indefense of the threatened lives of his wife, bis child,for was dis- conspiracy,The Neaj^litans made excellent practice.—Tictor Emauneli King of Italy.BIB UAJMStY'a ENTBY IKTO NAPLES. rowful and melancholy. 1 could well understand principle—and feel At that moment a horrid From the Opinione of T-^^rin, why.to an attempt-~,French guns were all shottedthe decks were clear-kill^lf!3f*M5i intotfaeentnr,"butifToneroB(aie l£S]urVS!d^2S!TheUMeMd^Zmander of the fortress gent out to say that he was fleet Admfral si Timan had assured the King that he_ready to beat. The negotiiUlons began at 10 A. M. at would protect the line of the Garigllano. But yester-MoNTOoaEBT,Ala.,Nov.9,1860.SantaMaria,aadintheeveningthecapitulationwas dayaFrenchsteamercameinwithfreshInstrucuons:befiau. Captia>esinoneofthenumeroussudden Diacententinbends which the River Volturno makes in its course:tlie wife of the murderer held the hands of the victim kilL For the wound may hare been 'titfttrt*- theturno, while only the third, between the two river is unfavorable. The gary exceedinglywasbeing prepared for his countrymen, the unnrtunate terest Not a United Statesreporta necessity but still a inhabitants of Capua perhaps,has been procured terror, not one by bribery shall think throughacquaintedwith the and had lived in their prisoners,Pem-heart-brokenCarolina, Georgia, Aye— vania, Delaware,* Virginia, No—ycoeuarssedlft,hen cagloled out of hyiosur thrust McGougb name,was the witness against him having leu discharged,longing to the;;dejectedat that moment a band, put of tune, be- National Guard, to tmderto admit slial! not beor corruption. Nay, every vote has been given in re- prior to tbe year 1808. New-Hampshire, Massachu- famllvbattery, and was sentenced six mouths to tliestruggled against.1 know all that is good and generous in his heart, and felt for him * * * he looked and;mission is to be appointed to regulate the precedencemeaningrelations.Itrecalls thepast,;had seen him "a little11legal column that morning, ,ai^ appointmentsNeapoli- tan Royal Navy, many of them being greatly dLisatis- fiedattheway In which they were treated by the lateCehunMa Callage.The letter, written by a miy of undoubted bravery,developmentincrease of its strength and its great- a subject for trade, nut for moral spectilatlens. Thosecharacter for the past twelve or thirteen years. defence then closed.MB. BRADY'S ADDRES!?.TheW. and Albert Cooperrountryyet there have been instances of expelled prelatus, has always been peradiial ambition.patriarchs, and even Popes. So for a few days there personal ambition which blinds thewill be two kings actually exercising royal authority urges him to oppose the national sowithin the same realm. The Neapolitans must make .-o noble, so pure—yes, so pure that it isthose viho think thatof the let us'priorownthey them thatup their minds to be for a time subject to a divided allegiance, and to be traitors to the king if facto orhistory of the wot Id. It is themoment of the complete liberation of Ualvthe shortest but the best. Ftllow-clttzcns, I should doit. wife to did allow the wife of tieThat there cannot bobeautifulmetropoli.'s.andIf 1deserve ofdown theabetter,that a and strife had takenthedied in r''d'o'*f'e'-nI.ji^lii'i,JfJ,ul'y''and that he thecase. HeKirs.two bishops in the same see is an old tradition, and hear words. The- my;^I IPope who retards the The soleuiUyof another whofc nameresources,is hi allshows how humanity and real courage are ever united.that after 11 o'clock last night no further firingand several of the batteries of the Pied-*Garibaldi an Hangary and the Papacy. Correspondence of the London Times,andspeakingmouths,extracts and also that when the Commit- vqt^-s provetee reported the year 1600 as the period wittiln which frade should not be prohibited, Massachusetts tl^e seconded and act^ with South Carolina in atragedyrendered purely on conviction, without passion or in- Republican vote in the:The migration or importation01 freedom and[Cheers.] Dismiss we, then, the future, imtil some My suspicions are confirmed. Capua capitulated new election call you again to your coimcil chambers, this afternoon, to the great surprise of all, lor it suf- to renew your elforts ui obedience to the thatappears had silenced took place, and at that time the Royalists[Cheers.]j{the Court of protecting the rights of thecordingly, the following-named gentlemen have alsogatheredisnot doubtJu y -were served. Culver notified„d at the time >telling the and the llear me, then, powerfulbe among us mar.shaling Republicisfiaybegun by the deceased In McGoushsthe^ ^^^ ^^^^ ^^ appear-did a«t create them. BU'Ibis Pope, who wishes that menwould be slavea,'«r|ie asks fitKn the powerful ofraise a doolH whether the imImmiit ; tothe "Health of sway of the Pope will be repudiated, and all classes it is your duty. Ton who are here, a portion of the nets has It brought to me from all myreports whichbe allow-effete ecclealaatlcat to of yourcneatHewasamarauderaada aadwhich oppreaMs tlieqi. to be subject to the outragesof Germaa Condotderl, or spectators of the rioting of compliment should be i>aid to the Goremmentof filthy Iriahmea, We sincerely hope that the influ-Gen. Oabibalsi, Ttiaa, and a few, others. Tne only our country.prisonertrenaaser, the mightilgbtAiUrrepel'UatbTthemlld*«ted to say that It is a peculiar pleasure to me that theItaly and Hungary," Toaa declared that he would blems of your political association, at least for a time,one whom I may claim as a and whom I see in the position Chief of this great metropolis. I do assure you, gentlemen, that it always aabids to those who, in the words of the Lord Mayor, are charged with great responslhillty, a great and to be enabled, to mix the grarl^r of their responslblUty with the fesfiTltles of such meet-ence of this uuuBliy will be exerted to rescue as largethought that the city of Rome and a few mile* of theCampagna are quite sufficient heritage for tlie Popes, ana mat even then oare slionld be taken to give the Roman aninieipal InstltntloBa something aUa to thosenever accept the Impudent liing Constitution of Aus-and to return to your industrial pursuits and socialenjoyments. ItoreturntothetheatreofpubHcdutywhich I am a member by Hampshire neighbor,of the RomanBute* fhni this unlumpr doom. We 'have always tempts in vain to urge tneby the kaowledge Oiat, while Els mora fortunate eoua-tiealthyL. YANCEY.and then is nexthis ndghbota are forced to remain tlie slaves of anra. VJl W RMPO^nVSDBRTSIAIi>Court af Oyer aad Terminer.TRIAL 0» m'GOUQU ABD WI« »0B MnEDIB—JORTGobld,a of the proportion as peaaiblepeopletria, the perfidious actby which now, as in liitS,it at-bloody policyofslavery. Repeatrepeathope.;rors of style and statement In the reports which Icount of theprevailingunhealthincss.vious to the murdergrees present wouldclaimed that the act had been committed la self-de- fenceanddefenceofhome. Aman him-The American ship Lourt^asupposed to have leftsuch a fear or the taking of life.of bodilv as would warrant injuryThe papers contain—ASSAULT AND BATTERIES—A BtTB- GLAR OS THE STAND.accotmts of Prince ception and entertainment at Sierra Leunc.Hunforward against at the National a kindCapital. May ProvidenceHOT AOBXXO—SPUCHIn this. Court yesterday, before Judge319 jury Incs as this. It Is, moreorer, a great advantage to King of Italy, and to wish him and his new realm the great Powers altogether favorable to the Bourbuu rene and auspicious skies, which properly belong to was Impanneled with very little dUBcuIty, aad thelieaitfelt pleasure"thought that a change of policy bad occurred amongmayall the sul-alwavsBy tlie conduct of the French Admiral, it wasvidWater-street by stabbing him with a knife.callinguse tothStaliSi.the French squadron fromlandingtroopsoniliebanksoftheGarigllano.Theiagiven on board the Bretagne, and^the Sardinian ves- at dawn the com- sels bad continued to advance only three minutes,the SiaTc*trade.MB. TANcrr A^D bis acousass. From the New-York {Sunday) Herald, Nov. 18.——-" "-" .preventedthe Pledmoiuase fleet,a good Christian,generous den—-—.,forImportationday wfaea a raltaim AooU-be eflbetsd tafilaJ^^P""An officisl prtKlamaUon has annexed the Bourbon religion. In the Indies they recortize and adore two towI^ to learn whether we were true In this crisis to HsKBT J. Ratmoitb—the first Inmy speech at Rochester, .tfhcejl.irB?tTl'B'd?a?o'ee*Pf"r"o«m*the— tliaearthfettersaadoMInafortbeItalian* thisPopecorrect^ «»>»!:?• countrywweanalously crwSfmsbftwoleatog•?»««•;heUesagainsthisown fJiixeSd^o„n^thuU^Stfafte^,°o.nLt*hi'*" evenonthis county,nay,of Erli onrpublicancause,vl<.:agnesiiOBeamall'Good and Evil. The Geniusunder the sceptre of Savoy. Next will come the tara for Italy li the Pope King. I.et no one misunder- a new and Intense earnestness to your efforts, and of those speeches to the judgment of an intelligentKingdomourcountry and to ourselves. This lent and the last in this letter,cause,oftheRomanStates. Therealsotheissuecannotbe standmywords therefore, beginningoftheaacreislon.happysubject tne honie of the Md had theon theprisonerto order phriemvitous Satudw,let no one conlound Paganism with our success, has exceeded all that wo pubUc, I rosT be permitted to Obterre, howerer, That was tbeImpudence go for bear. doubtfuL In every district where French bayonets Chriittanlty—the religion of liberty with the avaricious dared to promise, though not what we dared that I have not had an opportunity of correcting the tbe ngaoa;wake and talk overnight, up thainjuryoiathehadRcetved, wboi he had made the aggreariaa oa the Italy. The only fear is lest disturbances may arise educate the people—educate It to be Italian, Educa- labors for the country at Washington—the rescue of Could those papere which have coplea the Tons ar- Saturday before. Tbea after uttering deaameiatiOB*Urai theduring my absence—coopera- ticle do meto publishmyfive* liberty;educatingpeople peoplethejusUceI,^hould of thepclaoDer, he go** oat into tlie eatiti **r|/'as«.strong anddepend thesecuring the of ascendencyndgfat prisoner a wholenosolse,liour,lark* Mreducation of the Uber^andthegrandeurofItaly."theRepublican causetime, the Yourobedientterrant.W^French Interrentien In Italy.fil JAMB* T. BBADT.garians ^;steamer Sunbeam was in the;yet se far advanced in commercial enlightenmentand that, from year to year, we shall find ttiose com Division is to occupy Capua. It was to have takenmercial relations, which are tiie secret elements of possession of the place tliis evening, but it was defer-peace, greatly arid rapidly extended throughout the red till to-morrow morning.whole of the European Continent. [Tlie noble Lord Satl'rdat, Nov. 3.then resumed his ceat amid loud cheers.] It seems that tiie gmrison of Capua IS muc'i larger KEIUBLIC-iN KEJOICI.NGS AT AUBUEX lUSrLAY BY Let us not intermeddle. (3d vol., 1,391.) ceased a second stab, while he waa down, under the;In this Court yesterday, before Judge Russell, Ex- Alderman Wilson was brought forward for sen-THE BEPUULIC.4N VICTORY.\ SPEECH BY SENjVTOR SEWARD. —shall betowards South Carolina and Georgia. O'Rorke, a previous witness. Prisoner gave de-unjust manRussell. TheCourtremarkedthatbutforthedeceased's the Lord Mayor, alluded to the stability of the institu- U.OOO and 10,0OU men. among thein a nuiiibcr of the The \Vi '.c-Awakes of Auburn and made a ' i^hould be considered in a political light only. * * while Her husband gave the second stab.Mr. Glsdstorx, M. P., in proposing the heiitb of than we anticipated. They turn out to be between THE WIDE-AWAKES.;ofslavesfromduty, whiifrt every otiier import was subjected to it, as an The yaz'tjnt, of Florence, states th;it at Capua cess of the Republicans in tlie late Presidential Cani- ini quality thai rould. nut fail to strike the commercialiFellow-citizens, you have a right to rejoice. 1 • remember that 1 thought it an occasion for rejoicingvice of Gabibaxsi, will have much interest in show- where its argument is fairly heard, and practically all stitute 16(18 for 1600. (3d vol., p. 1,4:^7.)tions' of Great Britain, and stated that, niotwillistiui.l-ing centuries had passed since they were accu^^Uiincilto assemble in that building, notwithstanding all thevicissitudes of time, their love of freedom still remain- 10,5U0 men ajid six generals liave been taken prison- paign. 'I'liey visited the residence of Gov. Sswabd, ^agacity of il.e Is'oitliern and .Middle Slates. (3d vol.,exemptionand were invited into hisThe '" House of Lords" was tlien driuik. ami Lord kets, lU,UtO sabres, bO military wagons, pontoons for short congratulatory speech, concluding as follows the whole t to be committed, thewhen the good cause we now maintain carried oneWard in tlie city, one or two, or three towns in tliecounty, and the State of Vermont alone in the vvhoi* [country. But now who will deny our right to rejoi<-ewhen it carries ail ^i^e Wards in tie city, ail the favor of the year 18(;0. towns in the county, all the counties in the St<itesuffrage. [Cheers.)It is the earnest of its universal acceptance.Col. Dohenyopened^Tinent of a fine ot $1S0. beorge Pigot, IndictedBut this demonstration of yours has its meaning-Maryland,grounds by Virginia, and that Connecticutimmedtatc-deceased used violent toward the languagethe prisoner was a sober man, but witnesshouse with the prisoner at the time of the murder.She saw nothing, however, of the occurrence, aiulThe Court then adjourned tillMonday morning atin ourii variousand tells tliat the erroneous national policy of forty years has been retraced, reconsidered, reversed, con-demned and and renounced. Let the passionsprisonercalendar will beo'clock. The publishedAbthuk'swith blood,Hary Doums, the next witness, testified tbat sheFrenchtireThe prisoners watched the trial with great interestOn the motion, wluch passed on the affirmative. New-Hampshire, Connecticut, Massachusetts and verdict of the people for a principle the Republican three other States, Ave. New-Jersey, Peunsvlvania,on imotion of the appealingagainsthim.no witnecsesthe uue Democratic of and and No.and himself. It would- remain for the Jury to judge puttablish this claim,Alice Milton, the first witness for the defence, waspleaded guiltyexact justice to all men. [Cheers.] It Is a verdictwas then to as agreedsistance of intimidation and [Cheers.] I corruption.donot charge that the Fusion votes or other opposi- tion votes were largely given imder such appliances. But the record of the canvass remains, and bears itswas Who Who will denyD—and and drink it with wife ;" de-tontiary. MichaelMcCabe,,, indicted for felomous assault,(3d vol,, pp. 1,428left quiet. As I was going out I found a Commission testimony that the main argument of those parties was The above extracts of opinions of leading Northern blacked his aud.of the Committee, and inhabitants of Naples, wao had come to wait on Gabibaldi to complain of the mannerdisunion, —" money at the polls. [Cheersrell^ceto come and him. He attempted to provebegan playand.,,.., tried for receiving stolenhim land- goods, from a burglar, the prhicipal witness againstip.1,395.)larceny,\'enjoy, and when we meet again In the coining Spring season, whep these now naked trees shall have re-and illsthe first trial was that of John McGough ofwiDfae-,Ann indicted ftjr the mird* McGough,jointlyA~Aor°l?S^i*? ^nltb??&r:i'*S5f hto'Saffections, andlast, at No.a single battalion, with two field guns, was detached as tlie peasants say, is to do away with all taxes and Constitution, which was beyond the reach of Con- of the prisoners/the door was opened a little way, the deceased. The counsel concluded by asking thatfrom the Piedmontese force at Sessa, to prevent-any to atwllsh the tobacco monopoly. In several parts of gressional amendment, it was provided by our fore- when the prisoner cut at the neck of the deceased the jurr might render a verdict less than UiatM mar-issue on the high road from Capua to Gaeta. the wives of the haveThelineofattackwasdlvlcfedbetweenourforces Hungaofrfyeredthe"weed"ftorbascacloe,-grforwewrhsichoffpenucbe ftaitahdersunthialttnhoechange180s8h,oulHdobewmdaideItnhattheslave-with a sheath knife, and be fell into the arms of Idsder in the first degree, DISTRICT-ATrt)BHET WATSKBUBl'gMr. In Waterbnry,to anyth ng which has been recorded in the pa-ges of history. [Cheers.] But there is one circum-stance peculiarly gratifying ih that great transaction.I mean the perfect cordiality wiiich has prevailed be-tween our forces and those o'f our ally the Emperor ofthe French. [Cheers.] The cordiality and co- tese at St. Angelo, had the right attack. General Dii.-operation manifesteii in the language of tbe command- lA RoccA was sent from the Piedmontese head-quar- ble to repeat. It would appear that the most mode- creased In numberequalwitness and deceased had t)een drinkingwas employed in the attacks on the centrewhile MiDici's Division, which had reUeved the Piedmon-and on the right theway into the two armies, and that dissension might bastios of Santa Maddaleua, which looks in the direc- s liver with which to pay them.spRe of the best intentions, might have found theirfrom as it will Venetia,;have taken tiie place of perfect cordiality. [Hear, tion of St Angelo,hear.] If that be true with regard to forces departing To reduce the first the Piedmontese erected twotroopsnotbe able toprocureto the continuance of the Slave-trade, and we are from Inm.sorr>- to say that this Is the only truth contained In the Ann O^Rorke, wife of the deceased, next came uponrenewed the himself.service, still more true is it with regard batteries, one of tlu-ee rifled 12-pounders, and two 10- to the condition of great nations like that to which we Inch mortars, at a distance of about 1,600 metres from belong. It is an essential condition of perfect har- the SI, Tamaro side, and another of seven rifled guns moay between great nations that there should be a to the left in the direction of La Foresta. Against St,on aparticularwhat more motion would he make than likely[Cheers.] Now, there is one point on wirich this tars was erected to the right of the Santa Maria road, is now Incountry cannot be equal to the Great Powers of the and a battery of two mortars to the right rear of tills entertained as to his Continent. I mean with regard to that vast amount of battery. Against Santa Maddalena, finally, there was recoveryand the plnngedsevere blow he received In the last round with hismilitary force, which 'it is the habit of Continental a battery oislx rifled guns to take it in its left flank, the *' Infant." It has of the following points;;and1willletyo"uknowwhetheryouareableornot;"Powerstomaintain. Inatimeofpeace,itwouldnot andanotheroftwo32-pounderstotakeItInfront. powerfulopponent, Staleybridgebe wise, it is not desirable, that Great Britain should1.TheSlave-tradeexistedwhentheDeclarationof prisonersaid Iamreadyforyouatanytime;" suggestthatthedeedwas and tb*imitate that example, and have a standing army to;to be keard talking that waylor in in in cour- rival in numbers— bravery, discipline,;second thecase,Theage, and In brilliant exploits, it will rival any force in the world—it is not desirable that Great Britainrivaling in numerical strength the armies of our continental neUhbors. [Hear, hear.] Still, we must make up that difierence an ad- mirable militia and by our noble volunteers, who have already tiecome a most formidable arm for the defenceHospital paralysis lower e'xtremlties, his condition is rendered morecarried on,"4. No change was to be made in the Slave-trade pro-The Courilthei^ charged theJuryin snlMtaaee asshould possess astanding armyUnder pre- the most favorable circumstances,vision in the Constitution prior to the year 1808,truth of each and all, excepting that numbered two. deceased then went oat and crossed the landingfollows Theby other means, and we redress the balanceprize ring. ,THE LATEST BT THE AFRICA.Is imquallfiedly denied by the editor of the New-Yobk witness then saw the prisonerTimes. I might aflbrd to leave the ignorance or men- with a knife in his handby1McGough then prisoner came under the general term of homi^de and more, and Scarcely a day passed without some montese are vigorously pushing on the siege of Gaeta. Federal Convention," from which he has made his pulled the knife out and tried to run Into his own under this there were various degrees. Where there,demonstration or attack being undertaken against our and a have been landed quotations, 1 will simply refer him to the 3d volume of room ; deceased tried to pull him out, but he became is vl deliberate, aa well as a premeditated desiga, theof tiw country. [Cheers.] But, above ail, we must must allow tliat -the Neapolitans tried their best to;public intelligence as to the first statement made by not heed the warning, but walked along, when the ble consequences. "The offence charged against tlwredress the balance by maintaining, as we always break through th^ circle, which shut them in moreDispatches from Naples state that the Pied- mebut as 1 have before .me the " Debates in the prisoner stabbed deceased in the neck ;;;.must maintain, a strong and powerful navy, [Loud cheers.] I say this in tbe presence of the representa- * tivej of foreign and allied Powers. I say it in the spirit of frankness, of cordiality, of friendship, of ; for we wish from the bottom of our hearts tt> be at peace with all—[cheers]—andoutposts, above all, against those of Medici towards Troops siege-train at the the Modison Papers, page 1,389, on which will be found St. Angelo. In spite of the assistance which these smalltown of Mola dl Gaeta, and the Piedmontese Wr. Shsemak'b (of Connecticut) statement— "As the attacks derived from the vicinity of the fortress, they head-quarters have been advanced to llissi. States are now possessed of the right to import slaves, weie invariably repulsed, but often only with serious On the 5th inst a Sardinian frigate stood into tlie as the public good did not require it to be taken fromthem, Ac, he thought it best to leave the matter as weV, cak from loss of blood, fell against the door, and offence is murder in the first degree. Thatlsapre-alliance, and of peaceto be bound by ties of friendship and alliance with loss.prisoner'senough to give force to the blow. But the Legislaturecarious.the outposts were gradually pushed forward until career In the those on the right were at the edge of the glacis, atnot more than 400 or 500 yards from the ramparts. Little parapets were thrown up to protect them. One:;have an unlavorable produced extremelytributeofhomagetothebraveryandskillanden- tersInthecentreofSantaMaria. Eachsidecon- the ofAustriashouldbecrowned of andsellingthemtoourpeople—I ask you now candid-justterprise of those with whom he was co6peratlng—hasbeen extremely gratifying. [Cheers.] We ought to draw a still more Important lesson from that mostfor if the forces on the two sides had not been equal. If one of the expeditionary forces had been much greater and more powerful than the other,Emperorstructed its own batteries, and maimed them, too, but, Bohemia. The ultra-conservative noblesKingit vras not even the law inha{^ factparts pleasant,theypositively dangerous, positionshould 1 he editor of the Times asserts tbat "these state- the deceased heard the exclamation of the prisonerstated that the prisoner had struck him 'with a stick snd his wife with an ax. Nothing further was elicited from this witness, who evinced so very little mental;greatlythat and in ought to prevail— jealousies bickerings,If not popular;or two before tbe murder theof his possession of a and had threatened na*I amafraid that the frailty of human natureindirection ot La Forestafrom Santa Maria the bas-they greatly preferaiomingmi ht have gthe wtiich harmonytion of St. Salvatore, which protects the entrance ofThe whole tenor and of the article can be spiritdeceased,dearlysteppedtoynarthe and of all the southern roads from Aversashown by" It is true, as he alleges, that Vfrginla wasthat it was with tbe greatestthe ingenuity of counsel could draw the testimonywere lent to us for the bomt)ardment by the Piedmont-ese. The points against which the batteries wereerected were, on the Piedmontese side, the south- there be westerly angle, which lies close to the river, in thewill be In an un- properly i" ["No!" "Yes!"] placedliiinself wittrailwayand Santa Maria into Capuathefollowing extract;comprehensiondifficultyof his and nad awife, second lime coma otit, and thenThere wasfight in the nature of thenotlilng wonad la:government.occurrence came from thethat the liad proved prisonerother nations, particularly with those whose interests are most congenial with our own. [Cheers.I We wi^ to win and to enjoy their friendship and alli- ance;our position, to prove t3 them that we are worthy to missiles was sent in the direction of the batteiies,maintain and to enjoy that friendship and that alli- which, however, caused but very small damage. Theance. [Loud cheers.] My Lord Mayor, in addressing aim could be but imperfect, for the trees prevented a dispatch is just now of more value to Italy tiiSb would wished to lecord as its will and decision, the chief magistrate of this great commercial city, good view, and all was but guess work. It was the be a decisive battle.It wovild be vain and idle for me to dwell on the same on otir side, only the bastions were larger ob-of commercial intercourse to ward off the jects, and therefore more ea«ily hit During the bom-calamities of war, and to bind closer t)etween nation bardment Victor ExAsmL arrived at St. Angelo, and^ad nation the ties of friendstilp and amity. But I » ent up to the heights to have a view of the proceed- The slave-trade was active on the Windward Coast this a debate sprang up. I quote from that debate the;iicly year soundwife more;;the door was then shut, and witness saw no this was about six o'clock in the morning.innaiy»«''<and the Piedmontese, who came under SoiraAi andlanded at Naples. These latter consist of two brigades,both «f them weak, and one of them, the Brlgata Re,withtwobattalionsatNaples, Thesetwobrigades.In alt about 4,000, took tbe left attack, from Su Tama-ro and La Foresta to Santa. Maria. The Cosenz account of the state of public feeling in -Bohemia. Slave-trade, which existed when the Declaration of Division remained in its posldon at Santa Maria, andthe law against theywith the modem theorists as to the existence of an smuggled frrepressible conflict?" [Applause.]It Is hereInto Hungary from Servia.suspecteddeceased was the same, and the pris- the world, h* 'longshoreman thatBohemians,Germans,andin demanding that slaves should be In-O' Rorke showed the witness a wound on his head •before he went out of the room In thehave been committed tothat arms have beenprison.On cross-examination, witness stated that ke was aclosing the^defence, when a man is sent untimelv out ofthatPersons ofmy acquaintance—men in whoseIn my speech at Boston, I said"Well, then, your fathers, in demanding that the;over was a rigger, about 30 years of agepnaostsreesachhibmo.tmdTthreybeyondwMdihumanpowercanonly reparation poisIbU for tlieis for the law towrong gather together the testiinoayand thepunish wrong-doer;ent case, there had been no had taken the life of tbement I can have confidence— aThe statutes for Styria, Carinthia, and Salzburghon theusethey languageImpressionman- ly, did they not. In demanding all this, demand of their as we were rather short of artillery ofiicers, tome aged to make themselves so very unpopular in all posterity perfect good faith in securing the title to thatdeceased, witnesssaidhe justifiedof the that Empire,A ments show that the disunion orator is either very im- when McGough showed his wound to witness, he day pitemer had boasted,disturbances in thePeoplesay thatform ofAn impression prevails here that the Au.strlan Gov-very best opposedgarchicalernment will soon be obliged to recall some of theit wasbeen taken Into the roomThe Liate Figbt for the Champlonshrp. FBOBABLY FATAL ISBMLNAIION. ^rom the London Globe.statement"•Paddock, the defeated combatant in theperfect and most complete equality of forces. Salvatore a battery of three rifled guns and three mor- tic contest which took on the 6ptuhgilis- of seme importance in the present aspect of political own landing deceased bein"g upon the stairswoimd he hardfacto, freehahviimnsgelf froas the struggledLondon,you and your wife, when you Ivze my statements and they will be found to consist got me drunk; let me get you out on the side-walkgraspkalfe The character of the another drcumstanee which would theIntent Indeed,allthebetsof casejudg- give very unfavorableas well Czechs aswhich I do not consider it advisa- wider basisSpringy absolution to an oli-perfectly read in the history of our country, or reckless and unscrupulous In the statement of facts,"ladfe,it But even If the provocation on thetpof thaplace Tuesday, mst,.affairs, 1 ask the ase of your almost universally read O'Rorke said to the prisoner, You cut my head, onfight bring; come out of his roomjudge's CHAB6E.duty devolving upon the Jtiir is Imperattre.bayofGaetatoreconnoitre. Itwasascertainedthatfind it." In sustaining ray position, numbered threeknife ;" deceased was not armed awayshall tieTesterday afternoon, at 4 P, M., the signal for theopening of fire was given at last, and our batteries the defences were in good condition, and that numer- and four, I shall cite not merely what was said by cer- went merrily at it But neitber did the fortress re- ous redoubts and other field works had been thrown tain delegates from some of the States, but also what main Idle, and for the first hour a perfect shower ofexplanationhave;';she toldhusband not to Theyaccording to evidence ^idf aadIndependence was made, should be continued manding that the institution of Slavery, which existed when the Constitution was formed, should have aonly can the tafaty In tt«4>re*- dispute, that the pilsoaardeceased. It IniffbeeB;in the other;to homicide.the crime on aput basis of joaHftafale;In demanding that they shouldsoughtdid to me, adding an angry and inelegant ex- Even ii the provocation came first from tha:the noise which awoke the prisoner was that of O'Rorke in Ids;in de-;views of leading delegatesMr. L. J1.4EHJI, of Maryland, proposed to vary arti-cle 7, section 4, so as to allow a proiilbition or tax on theimportationofslaves. (Vol.3,p.I,3li8.)Mr. Ellbwortu, of Connecticut, was for leaving the clause as it stands. Let every State import what it pleases. "The morality or wisdo.-n of Slavery are con- siderations belonging to th3 States themselves,3, p. 1.360.)Col. Mabob, of Virginia- He lamented that some ofour Eastern brethren had, from a lust of gain, em- oner with a knife in his hand. [The witness was herethat it was "to be considered in -.a prejudices buried with the errors of the past political light only, and at once suggested (the exemp-ofSUPREME COURT—disxiAi. Tiaa.tbe be then,necticut,Minister of Marine. All Gabibalsi's army is now in It bears on tlie future. It assures that hereafter the tion of slaves from duty, however "struck another witness was called.the rear, liavlng been replaced by the Piedmontese." policy of the counuy will be the of its the comimmeprocritaeldsagacity " of the North. He made itPttrick McQuillen testified to the prisoners goodthe ness, by theApplicatiom of HenryMarsham to be admitted la the New York Bar.—This Court now, in scoordance with the decision of the Court of Appeals, have wdered, upon filing tbe remit-agencieshumanity.accurate, Two the deceased could not at any time have been In a Yesterday, Garibaldi presented the Hungarians in our system of elections. The parties engaged in an thirds may obtain a Convention, a majority of which position to receive the wound In the manner describedwith new colors. The Dictator said:SUPREMEBefore Jurticoi SuttarlASrd, BcaorjiiiWUliam D. Warren, appcUoM»<:"<'°Naplis, Thursday, Nov. I, 1860.figures " speechdefeat" and victory," obtainLegislature "a great day. It is beauU- mies, or even adversaries. We are all fellow-citizens, tlie State Constitutions altogether."hare been in a raised position to receive the wound w here it was described to have been. Now, as thethe Free fraternity which unites Italy to Hungary.force only of conclusionpeopie- generou.? people of this great andto tlie year lfc(f8 thall in any mamier aJe'it thefourth and Iilth sections of the seventn article." On and childperson servingpillars ca:ikor:aiia ruin of our country way,movement-From testimony Couldpullinganything you l;ecau^e a shorterthat if we this, wliich passed in ttie afHrmative, the vote stood iJac* long before the final anddeadlywound was inflicted.S.^ I185S,Itis«tlllso. I'ope KUig,proved, nature of this.the/lainttrs Attoragr._i.grand, uniquechild,theory,since the law would not lillow the prisoner'srespondent "Tiie CISC row coaies upIlls commend our way by our and our aflecilon towards them,ourpatience, peutleness,is deadlywith the facts theory consistentreason with the usethemselves nextand deter-aagree give power tude,a establishmentway to theof interests. Itand the our way, however,altered the States not interested in that not have inflicted thetheyin the old way, their old way as well as our oldhis thehome, very- eal E. P, Clartand the contest is carried to its only of sufirage.indeedclaiminghimselfKing. nothingmorethanthe atallnowasithasbeenheretofore.Letit'beourwayobjection,thesewordswereaddedtothepropositionTheprisonerhadstatedtohiscounselthattheaf-proceeduigs, ,*j^,to the plibUciu by pro- The man who has not tieen stopped by the remonstrances of half Europe and by tnethnats of a first-rate monarchjj, must notaltogctlicrliberty, nothingto the cause of else. 1 desirelongrightsbyprejudiced againstproperty,it." In order to obviate that described ?hercafler. If there [Cheers.)or in the armies or—"Providedthatnoamendmentwiich bemade mayhadbeenhouse, when no witness was present but his wife'in every point of view, that the General Government should have the power to prevent the Increase ofhe has cut a man up stairs," Prisoner then said, Yes, I cutticpeople are boundought not, will not it the broke An appeal lies from the people this ear to the peo- It being reconsidered, Mr, RtrrLSDOB, of South were to raise his gigantic arm in a atti- S;primelife,veryBddytt aL,re,ponient.-TbUthreatening very likely that the prisoner diplo- be free— and that From a life consecrated mined in the same way and so on forever. Tills is bv which the articles relating to slaves might be would resist by any means T and In so would heCity,Iinto a storm of) year- be arguedsaid " he never couldwould it not be:barked in this nefarious trafiSc. He held it essential, shown the knife " It] Leynep.Mr. Kino, of Slassachusetts, tliought the subject prisoner. Prisoner's wife held theof and for the hand, intercession the complaining witness,lieremarkedtinthethe andfoundhimtohavereceivedwounds wouldnowbe nominal—afineofsixcents. deceased, merelyPennsyhania, wished sutjjei includingveredwhich had been dressed. testimony in view of the extremelv precarious condition illsclause on imports. The.-^e things may form a bargainamong the Soullicrn and iSorl.'iern State;..(3d v,,i.,Goueh had not been Implicated by the testimony,in the The matter was coinmittrd. The Committee made murder,she having held the hands of the deceased afterGen. PiNcKSBT, of South Carolina, moved to sub-thought the woman. The rest of the trial proceeded, therefore, only with reference to the man.TBE DErENgl.Joseph O'Connor next pleaded guilty to aa assaultof seconded the motion. .Massachusetts,duce all the mischief that can be apprehended fromtne to slaves. liberty Importwasto twenty doys^ confinement In^the City Prison andMr. Madison, of Virginia—Twenty years will pro-prisonersentencedThe first of the partamended, as followsof such persons as the seveial ,States now existingant, his employer, was discharged under suspended sentence.propersetts, Connecticut, Maryland, North Carolina, South7. Nev.-Jersey, Pennsyl- get1,429.)his child against the stove, kicked the prisoner, Samuel Levy was next4,the country."importationanil was warmly supported on moral night"pleases ;" while Massachusetts ably seconded Con-once,"Mrs. Churchiil, the next witness, lived In the same1 now turn to the consideration of the fourth state-beenadnikted: HoberTH. Booman, Edward S. Baku, pnsoner. Schenck.of the occa-present What is our present duty ? It ment made by me, and 1 continue extracts from the about tlie number of the wounds given. No one of Henry A. Grant, Fentln Rockw^. John C.is simply that of magnanimity. We have learned, debates In the Federal Convention jhadtlie witnesses who saw the occnrreuce testified toany wound, or the possibility of one on the arm of tbeT. F. Asa B. Gardner. Simpson,heretoiore, the pracuce of patience under political de-feat It now remains to show the greater virtue of article 19, viz..Appellant,,,I&lr. Gbbbt, of Ma^achusetts, moved Ho reconsider" Onthus—Massacliuselts, C'oiintciicut New-Jersey, Penn- Now, If this too before they sylvania, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South was not theed,his wife, his r(•rlaark an'dndc^o"r°newainwill,thall have gone too far, find out that our way, the Carolina, Georgia—Aye,prisoner defending.b"ut^O-H- the ap-pn an appetU from aa odacway,notestifv in his behalf, while itbe adduced tosupportpela^r'aerd°^f^ordthl.e ''Delaware—No.is not Hampshire, divided.These exfraiits and votes prove aty fourthNew-proposl-and himself..without a formal sniub.atltun-to and tloD or statement, and that after Masnc&usetts had Injustice youUntitled Document:. The same order was made in regard to the studenUhad testified to States in this Union for an amendment of this Con- found it— a fresh wound, like that in the neck.Law School.of an Case.:application of twothirds of thedeceasedyet the phvsicianhavingof theUniversity"election sre not, never can be, never must be, ene- can bind the Union to inaovatiuns that may subvert by the physician. The arm of the deceased mustmartial terms,suchascall a Convention for that purpose." He said:'^P'wppppppir""'^'I?' J 'V, rmrreply, caule of truth would be wbservedO'Rorks, on the 25th of Septembertheoidypureand tobe trialproceeded. Col.MichaelDoheny, Itarlng been me." In (aytaig this, his mindTo the Editor of the HeraUthe mouth of the Garigiiano, and at sunset yesterday of Oct, 27, headed, "Mr. Yakobt on Matters ofTIhFiasc,t ment to the to the effect that the John the prisoner had intended to kill the deceased, wouludprisoner,signed. Thus, the bugbear whlchJias so long excited for the Admiral, and thereupon the French fleet left called to manyeditorial article imnythe Nbw-Yobi Mr. Anthon opened for the people with a brief state- element of murder in the first degree is the atnetetnata.swrNeapolitan imaginations has at last disappeared. When the approach of the Piedmontese from the North and Gasuaui's expedition across the Volturuoevening returned to Gaeta. The moment he was re-—The North and the Slave-trade." The articlejury, McGough, havingbehave been likely to refer to bislieved from the sMrveiUance of the French Fleet hind the Garigllano, the prepara^ons to reduce Capua city."ports to be a to assertions made In mypur-difficultyIlaDgary Correspondence of the London Times."Our forefathers were notported slaves from Africa. Virginia wished towhile ber husband thrust in the knife a second time. little toe. It certainly Is an abeurdlty for tlM law toof thestrt with her Infant at the breast most ofhad somefbund In the following quotations from those speeches. plunged a knife in his neck. When the deceased fell, flicting a wound does not prt>Te tliat tbe inteiitwas teAd-andBohenla. InmyspeechinNew-YorkIsaidwith the de-but Massachusetts and sup- in tbe first degree. mist and that he knows where every artery or othv other StatesViiHKA, Monday, Nov. 5.Ivy leaf, two stdes of which are defended by the Vol- The private news whicli reaciies me from Hun- wished it to be carried on. [Laughter.) Massachu- ilomi Leyne, the first witness, testified that on the vital part is situated. Unless it were iifored,<>r atthatand those other night of the murder he slept at O'Rorke's house; least apparent from all the circmnstancesof Uiecasa,' States insisted that the Slave-whobends,opensouttowardsSt.Tamaro,SantaMaria, afewmonthsagoappearedtobeintotalignoranceof tradeshouldnotbeprohibitedbyanyactofCongress, prisonersanddeceasedUveaonthetopfloorofthe thattheprisonerwouldknow^attheplaeewhaleheand St. Angelo. It was against this side that the at- that was everythingabroad, now talk of the and resisted all to attempts prohibitIt until the act of houseon the morning of that day, tbe witness was inflicted the wound was a vital part, itwoAd bepassingtack was directed. On the opposit^side of the river speeay advent of Gakibaldi and Kossuth. The latter, Congress of 1808 w as passedan articleofthe;awakened by a noise;deceased knocked at the door wrong to suppose that he designed to take tile life ofpeasants,setts; for,byow n roomthe night before, and didn't go to bed till 12 o'clock w hen O'Rorke was brought oat. dead McGough ran down stairs with his hat in one haad, the knife grasped;"he did not say he would murder themIf there was ever'apletiveO'Rorlie was not sober that morninghad testified before the Coroner's jury that he thoughtthe stani, with a child la her arms. About 5 o'clockThe editor then proceeds to give garbled extracts deceased left the bed and went down stairs given. When the deceased had been stabbed In thefrom the debates in the Federal Convention, and adds barefoot; an hour after he came tip stairs talk- throatto put up his arm and ward off a continuance orand considerablefrom the effects of the columns to spread my reply before the public, Ana- Saturday, with an axof thosea second time Into his victiai.weaponbeen ascertained that Paddock's nbs are fractured,proved murder, it re-apprehensions arerestraining him, used wasAll these batteries had Ijcen prepared, without ashot being fired from any of them until all were readyyesterday afternoon. Thus the position of them re-mained unknown to the fortress up to the last moment.Partly to conceal the position of these batteries Incase of a reconnoisanct in force on the part of the ene-my, and partly to protect them against a coup dt main, the result of this will to a close Paddock's 'These are the only matters stated as facts, and the bigger man than you to kill me at any time ;"and he Is suffering greatly from internal Injuriesmained to be decided whetherand as his constitution Is much impaired by previous ill- ness, he having been a short time since imder medical treatment in Middlesex for of theprisoner then said,her dacity of the editor of the Times to be judged of by the go near McGougb for he had a knifemust decidefaithfully, without any regard whatever to tin |nba-The unexplained act of homicide carries wlfli It the presumed Intent to kill. Murder In the second degree The Persereranza of Milan says Lord J09N Rcsskll's did—what they voted for and ordained. That is to be w as drunk on the landing, the prisoner had.a stick, differs from that in tbe first, by lacking the edemant of;witness then drew her husband back, telling him notwas onlyIt in the first or Jury sliould decide im tlie facta notbegovernedin their ronrlnilnaiby any considerations of what the restilt be. mayIndependence was made.2. Virginia desired to have that trade suppressed.3. " Massachusetts and other States wished it to be "Why don't you come out; at any time that I catch inyou across the landing I'll kill you or you'll kill me ;" deceased opened the door, went out and said "I'll put my foot across the landing, and it will ttike adegree. andof age, and had been married three years ;she had unusually cruel manner. In the fourth degree It iskrown the prisoners four monthswithout deadly weapon, nor in a cruel ana oansual mannert.he The juryhomuisctidfeind in wchoimceh. ofItheasebedea-they were all in the haBit of getting beastly drunk, but were sober at the time of assaulting O'Korke on the Saturday pre-he is a bad man," Pris- oner's clothes.were bloody In several places, and hishand coveredA LIGUT FL\'I'lived at tie house of deceased at the time of; mal^eon that sameof somereturned a verdict ggntence.absence,somebeer; prisoner said,'*n the beer, get It;was sent to the Penitentiary one year. Henry McCormic, who pleaded guilty, a day or two report tu BUb»t;uice as the section now stands in the the fatal woimd in the neck had been made- The ago, to ah assault with an attempt to commit rape, Court agreed with the cotmsel, and the District-.4.t- was next sentenced to the Ci^ Prison for threetorney said he should not press the prosecution months.polipemen day McGoughsaid that h^ never heard of the prisoner Brady to be on other;The testimony had been very contradictoryarid stronger than the prisoner, If he;;deceased didJlcGough fell upon himtlie knlle from prisoner, but he clung to it ;wife then took the witness round the neck, and said, of last Winter had clianged this, and required a slow "why don't you stab him again before she gets the and thoughtful deliberatioiu Homicide proved, aand asked him to go for some beerdeceased went himself; afterwards, when deceasedwitness then tried to take;on the Satur- murder is presumed until some day before this, deceased had gone to prisoner's room given to lessen the degree.ne refused, andCourt,knife. The blade was five inches long and one Inchwide, aud was covered with blood, dried upon it deeree of force proportionate to the danger.Cookleu, the next witness, testified to having heard the of murder in the house on theAny reasonable doubt arising in the property of the prisoner and he shouldcry morning in question.The then retired, and juryaud identified was follow-ing the prisoner, and said, Arrest that ma"n;in the neck, arm and face ; the stab in the neck passed Charles Smith, previously convicted of larceny, was in at the side and reached the back bone, cutting a next sentenced six months to the Penitentiary,£ luard bom knocking at the prlaoner** door. What wa* be at thatdoorfor,MittoexecutethefiaeUuaofreagaaa** I^JS^ldspreTlou* eonraraalloa wWi L<q«e had ax'repeninig such a gfant in sizehad taken hi* IMS, 1more than juatifitablhe homicide, if it woulddidn't suppose he had Idlied tUm. Now, athusof those who are left behind be aecnred.Y'et the went prisonerand stmedawaythedeadly intentoftakingtfaelifeofafiillowman.the arm which conflicted with of theany testiiaonywitness got up and found he was repe- tition of the act ? The murderous intent of thehis own weak attempts at argument to snstaln his ing loudlysweeping assertion- As the point matie by me is one taking* with the prisoner, who stood upon his oner was clear from the that tnilictedproin*e-medllated design under the old law which exists loiigwith to do greatharm. An exoeileatchargedprosecution,"^himself to the kind and 'be, byLnw StndcDt*B(Ior« JunkJM BntSwrlisd, Boi^aj mad Hugslwwi,lULf".. apupCOURT—GsMBAt TtRX. ""S*""""-' i-.r'p^r^o„'ceedingsln'w,?eenre, -i. p- aaaam^KSSmaiuaiimm-^^*fe.v.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-. ^..^^^^"i^r^»^^^^'^^^ "'"""^"-'^ gsa^^gLu^m^MiaMiwww.fultonhistory.com 