 .•h ,*eIr^Mtk, «)•'CareliBt,a eoDservattreiwiMtuuytrine, but did denounce tbe Leeoopton policy, and dkl so sow.I cannot eastand until I;rayvote at Ibeexpenaepreaentto tbecountry the fact that mi^at this aavsncedperiodofour deUberaUons, wttb theAaIta<pradlctodaoaaday*ago,Myour seat." Order,"Mr. RzASAR, of Texas (Dem.,) called apaa tha Seigeast-at-Atms to compel Mr, Cssmbbs to lake MaJ. -BS^"^.r. Bura, of North OMallaa. aniiiil 1b nomliiaUoD, and raealTcd fiva WappMli la Totea. Tlia Amerlcani next cama to lil* alMdard, aad laaUy tba Demoerata whealed tnto line,contended that the gentlemen should t>c allowed to proceed.now alone from the Southern standingaad aa they didFinally the appeal waa ea^ not be Ibea taken, the Boose aA>»then,"U Bkct.of soon be able toam taught liere that tbe gentle- are organized. Should we national men not unite te country pausing and gazing Intently upon as, with majority,Beiurki «f lb<Wiiiiiiiin, Friday, Ju. S7.liOt and I will Bot him Is tMs Mr. of (Dem.,) said Mr. Smith Renewed eriee tbe give my suflrage. Kcraxz, Maryland, Iron)Repablieans announcevote. They wanted to consult in view of " ent conoltlon.*-^Ol* a—^«0, 2607.F£OM WASHlNGTOiN. XBB contest for TBB SPKAESSSmP.Mr. Rioss.of New-Jeney, (Antt-Leeompton Dem.,) from did not tl^k it proper for gentlemen to notice aews-paperattacks, because they occupy so much of the U^ of tbe House. He would say, however, he madePRICE TWO CENT^.If IiHkr Mm^iHitly LoKi the Votesawhile. [Laughter.] Wefall nndentanding of tbe position he occupied. He tloB ot this Congreis—l cannot at the expense of a sin- to-day undertaken to elect a Speaker. We are n%ir atiosal and patriotic man. Under tbeae drcum- other vcte.6atM udFor Mr. Fennagum—ytr. Nlxea.Housetha azdtamant became latesie. ceeded to vote forpro-tam had a bimdred and ifleen Totea, a bmidred and flaartaen belnc aeeeanry to a choke. Before theMr. Saita was voted for by Americans on the faith ofimplied pledges.upon to make these remarks because of the actionAmericans on their foreign and religious questions,M'CcuocH to the of his representativeDiattietiathaMy. 8hq>, got op and changed bis rote, withdrawingk ftvm Mr. SniB and easting it for Mr. Coawia. Mr.Maaais aad Mr. SosAiRea followed rait, thus re- Mr. Mauost said that that was his opinion. Uehad voted for him.ware •) ,7CO,bOO, mostly on account of customs. Of tbe condition precedent. If all the Democrats badof arma I never wlIU of Ibe Governor, for tbe purpose purchasingthisamount.New-Yorkcontiibuted(«S0,O00. About $8.W:0,CC0 are In the Treasury subject to draft.It Is said that JuJges PxTnr and Euioss, from Kansas, are here to settle the questlun who shall be United States District Judge In the event of the ad- missionofKansasasaState.oo so.islature adjoiiins. Pieafe let me hear from youBEN. MCULLOCH. P. S.—Let tbe Legislature empower the Governorto Older an election <or delegates to a convention, inquestion.phalanx.Mr, who CtxBiBs,)Biuia's vote far Speaker included the votes of all the Mlsslssirpl, (Dem.) Asbmou, of South Caiollha,oeatrlogMosthweatem Democrats with throe exceptions. Mr.Like the old nan of the Hermitage, he would'impartial,of the third office in the Government in all fairness.pubUcans sation.wereearnestly engagedinprivateconver-other States, if action shou.d become necessary. B, M>C.Hob. Abraham Lircolx asd Sisatok Dottg- lAB.—The RepubUcan State Central Execnttve Co«». mittee of Ohio, and other prominent tdHxens of tlMState,having requested preparethespeecbeswhichhemadein oppodtion Senator Docolas for pubUcation, that gentlentan re-SamKaow-Motklng order or its principles. He would have been elected but for the withdrawal of several Penn- sylvania members, who had supported him.The Republicans are te have a caucus to-morrowtake tbe responsibility" of voting for Mr. Smitb. [Ap-utterly disavowed any connection with theceived with ocratic side,applausein thegalleriesand on the Dem-noon, in tbe Hall of Representatives. It is suppoiod to-night, that either Mr. Coaitix or Piaauoroa nrtli he nominated. The probabilities are In favor of the lattar.ta___^_^_HOrS£ OF REPRESENTATIVES..debate is out ofef order from the first day of the session.WAsmaoTOK, Friday, Jan. 27.lb. ADBAur, of Kew-Jeraey, (Antl-Lecomp- author of the book which bad been the auoject OfwereSlavery sentiment. They had said.groes, and we wUl prdject yours." He iKeitt) was nled bv a similar olc from tbe Governor elect,loa Dcm.,1 caused to be read a paragraph from tka Vaw-Tork Trittmt, in which it wassUtad that Mtana. Bsascn F. Clibx^ Rims, Asxau, Baisas and Satis, of Indiana, were elected with tbe aid of Re- publican votes, with the uaderatandlnf that tkay/would assist the la tbe of Republieana organizationtbaHouse.Hesaidhewouldnotengageinaper-controversy, and which had been from the first the ob- stacle to an organization, and bellevlad; the electioi: of a conservative man would administer a rebuke and save the countty from Imminent peril, he wouldof the vo'.e.Mr. lIicKMAif here requested bis name to be called.Krcut'liran State olEceis. and tbe Republican mem-tei^ of tbe State Board of fqirallzation of Onlo, bothlec.iiestiiigof roe, for publication in permanent form,cop:c& of iLe political nebates t>etween Senator Dodo-aonalwas bad policy to engage in personal controversysented nativereligiouscontroversywith the editor of the Tribwu. ItMr. Clask, of New-York, (AsU-l'ecomptonDem.,) deemed it hisduty to yield something of his individual opinion to contribute to tbe repose of tbe country soawl fideUly to the ptlnclples wMch bedifered with Mr. Gaxiuv onlo tike(Dem.,) from feelings uf palriO'.ism, castBurroughi., Bulterfleld.Campbel, Uarey. Carter, Uaes,Ithoughtgen-changedexplanations.ered it, because tbe Herald has an opportunity to at- laMr. Sheimaned lo do him any wrong, bat pie.umeddisposed person had furnished information on whichbe based tbe charge. There was not awho bis vote prononnceaIllinois. KcpyoB, Killlnger, Leach of MlcliGtao, gold. Upon the summit is an apertaielbr ^.l.ee. Longnecset, Loomis, ijovejoy, Uarsion, McSeaa. Ikm of a small staff with a Japanese ta& Iklaudtruth In the statement. Be ran as anbut due sense of the obligation of representation thauponpresent to my conviction; and with a single eye to theof the country, and Ibe integrity of the party to which 1 belong, have 1 thus far cast my vote, and 1 has been recorded. Since, Sir, I last addre-'sed theklcKnignt. McPher^on, Uoorheai. HorriU, Horse, Oila,gorgetplatea as Mail.pected.B"*! in his district, tbat he ever made a pledge tothe geiiUemanBranch; BrUge, Bris.ow, Burob.^BurLett,F. Clark. Clark of Misaouri, Ciemens, ClopSe^^wBanbiatoiioal aasrell aa aitistle interest. Ae-'"lytaf.theatsauraretwohandsomeJapaaeeaOTgaaiMpolitical positionCobb, John Cochrane. Cooper,Inlaid >aDd a pair of heavy silver stlmpa, ^at the time tbeto Smith withoutfotme to submit to tha House toe laasoas Mr. Wbitsly, ol Delaware, (Dem.,) aald the nom-Whole number 2i8| Necessarytoachoice.115Mr.CorwlnTheon motioD of Mr. MAiaAxo, Speaker.is sliU sufferlnc ftom badOT wounds, asked bis party frlen's to save Urn Craa far>MaaaAOoaead a round of a|>plaiue went up from floor Mr. Shitb, of North Carolina, believing his name explainlate." Mr.physicalcessful, asd as it waa erideat tnat another sate tatSpeaker,have de.gentlementhere waa a disposition on the part of tne Republlciasuniformly voted for Bococx,b'lieving tbe contestExcl"soiatiuns from the Republican side."as followspropertack e->erT He of the DemocraticMr. Moaais, of Illinois, relying upon the truth of Mr. FsBSLZTOB's statement voted fur SmIih amid al-lOdlScatterlngAldricn, Alley, Ainlev. Babbit, beale, Brnglam, atair.Shanghai, says tbat, of tbe ataai TiaaiillFor tbe present he acted for biiuielf,of bis course.and would vote lor Mr. McRas.is now present, in tbe eye when I assert it.Mr. Mallobt replitd, that tbey bad now- received votes enough to insure tbe election of Mr. Smith with Ibe aid of the Dtmocratic Party, lie announced to tbe House snd tbe couDtiy, in view of ibis state of tbe case, that they would again present him as their candidate. Every member of the American Partyof the Kepubllc, and tu defeat ttie Repub- licans. An Old Line Wblg v.lio is not In any way connected with tnat offensive order, who stands on tbe Compromise of 1S50. and who, 1 understood, was elected over a gentleman of the Slave Code, 1 ciuhave or ever will be had, eitfterSouth.Tbat was the understioding aiKl vot^d for Mr. Smith be could have been electedI said I never would voleand the Republican nominee been defeated. Let tbe country know the fact.Line Whig, and If tbe gentlemanwould rise from hiswith my vote, as since tbls call of tne gentlemen oato tbls;let Texasbe'ore thetoo, present Leg-Ciles on the Republican side of result."Announce thewas wrlU- ing to take the responsibility, and vote for a national conservative Old Line Whig. He believed his elec-Messrs.UsniswooD,ofGeogla, (Dem'tbeevent of other St.tes In the Southto boldLahab, of (Dem.) severally changed to Smith, which was re-Mr. Sicxixs, of New-York. (Dem.) followed the ei- smple, saying be had voted for a national, conserva- tive man, and with a sincere desire to allay tiie exist- ing agitation. [Applause.]Mr. CsAioz, of North Carolina, (Dem.) who hadorder, thatexceptsup-abouttobeended votedforSmitb, ,Mr. Clxmixs—As Mr. Sana had received the vote ol his own party, and inasmuch as that gentleman came from North Carolina, which gave tlrth to theagain."Mr. KsiTT briefly reviewed the course of the retreat-ing Pennsylvanlans, who, he remaiked, had said tbeyptoteeiive policy, "an out-and-out Free trader, but did nut stick on tnat issue; nor snould tne little question of protection be brought lo decide ogalnsl a man wha would main- tain the CousUtuliuB.Dec I8M. 1(,his vole to Smith.Mr. BxAXCB, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) had no ex-planation to make, but expressed the hope that his colleague(Smrb)wouldbeelected. Hechangedhis vote accordingly.change[Applause]Witt the editor of any, and particolarly of a dally pa-per, which baa an opportunity to fire its shot every tar as that result can be effected by the organizationday. [Lasgbler.] Tbey had this most fully exem- of the Hotiae. Without waiving any political view,plified in the attack made by the distinguished gea- he gave his vote for Smith. [Applause.]ikman fromKew-York Herald. Hettoaaanhadmadeamistake,andbebadnowdiscov- Mr.JoHji CocaxAMi,of New-York,(Dem.)—It inthaDemocraticorganization.1 send, without any comment wbatevei lours, very truly.It is proposed to use tbe pamidilet as . . - docsmeot.4 BcmanimmXmRBiWaastovaGwm-': 6 ax nieiaainii Seenrr.—The NoaOi Cbtea B^ald,*Virginia,Mr. on tlie Pstos,eilltor of tbeMr. of McRax,MissUslppt, (Dem.,)and others,„„Mr. Smith, of N. C.-.US"California, (Dem.,) severally changed for Mr. Smith.Nothings, then he would vote for lilm.Mr. BczaxiT and others objected to any resixmse.Mr. LxAKi, of Virginia, (Dem.) roae to a point ofvotinggiven^rf»^f'frf-vX-y:;».'«-(Mr. Bococx) voted fored as a man cf marked ablbty, great moral courage, eye of tbe country, tbat we have arrived at a citsm, kicssis. HioBXS.of Maryland, (Dem.,) and SiocT,of Mr. HowASS, of Onlo, (Dem.,) waa willing to sacri-TUX VOTSFor Ifr. Siermnn—Messrs. Adaais of MassachaasMs.pabliahedatday. repeated, he would not engage lor the vote which I give, and which I propose tu ineepartyBkl productions of art in which JapanUaeontjoveisy with Br. whom he GaiziST,retard- give. It is plain In the eye of tide Houseand in the Mr. Smith.most deafening applause.floe something for tbe country, snd understandinglie Sla.ery and bis mode ofa ciiels which, if these changes oonlinueOiegon,theli votes In ihe sametlT^?.^ ^He diWd ;not l^tV ^"J"'hUoplnlon, beUeve Mr. Gssxizlzt intend- \..i. .„..,„ .k. .„{dateand although evidently of gnat aaM^;Faity organization of tbe House, policypreventsGovernment, aud It is that tohis con-of Pennsylvania, Rppan, Thayer, Theaker, Tampkias, Train. TiumDIe, Vaadever, Van Wyck, Verree, *ade,RepublicanRe asked for proof from any mortal livingthe House by the election of a did RepabUcaa whysioBa,wfelek might lead to discord out of the House, Uon ofHe had told stituents he would vote as he pleased.upholds.Coro-a.Curus, De-toChina, Thiscnrioos aad iin ihe eleclloa uf a """'""=<*">" sixth —anditIs inregardtothe AmericanUr. JoHB CocasAXB—I hold it. Sir, to be theboundencent suit is of mixed chain and naa laoqnaiad oopfvHe repeated that betpealiRV «r any otber way.aiadlBOpledge, but looking to the excited discos- of reaton anaplace,willresultSpeakertbat Mr. Smith never belonged to votedforblm,PartyElliott.lano, Dnell, Lunn, kdgeiton, Edwards, Wtf,larusworth, Kenton, ferry, Kostsr, Frank, Fieecb,HaU.vTbirtyCongress,HasUas,Ha-.cklB<,Irone, Junkin. Kellogg of ltkhi«ao Kellogy ot polished engraved richlyof the that r. J>,.,,..,.•,., TM.„,t.,ni...>no=suit and to the responsibility that may devolre upoa his Mandard-beatar that wme evil myself, that 1 am constrained to say a few words la piburc.]Helcick. H:>.kuto. Euaiphrey, Board,b of steel, and tilelatlcu lo the C(.urse I Intend to The orgaa- pursue.p article ofAnU-Lecimp- be pia)ed (or; it Is tbat to which the ejcs ol longed to the Ameiican or Know -Nothing Party,Izallun of this House is a consiunmalion devoutly tocasse be had been assured that Mr.are of fine elasticPalmer, tenelBgron. Perry, Petti:, Porter, fottle. Wee, armlets, anklets, and gauntleta an llkanlwefton Democrat, and made no pledge d treetly or Implied- all tbe waa an Old-Line patiluta of this country have been directedly, that he would vote for any Republican, or aid U Is that alone whichin ala I8S6, it was believed, owing tothe suicidalat Mr. BccBASAK on the Kansss quesUoD, tbat tbeBe^bllcans would bare a majority, and could or-gantae without the aid of tbe Anti Lecompton Demo- gaid to pollucal crats, ar;d therefore no pledges from them were ex-him. Tbus far 1 have endeavored to dlsthe affalis of tbewe tbculd give our undivided efforts. Kthitwerecocx. but now Chan ged to Smith,'thea week accomplished, manycalled attention to tbe fact that no Dem-of Illinois. Washburne of Maine, WelU, ffilaon,tta'aatfaa^ tha Anrer ef Limdon theonly object to be snd maov ago Ibe fieeiuen of this House, without re-Mr. KoRaiocratic nominee had ever got more than„Messrs. A,d.ams o^f Ket lucky. Anderson of Mioaonrl. Anderson of tten-dUUnctloD, could have cast Ibelrgmtltnian prop«<ed as a candidate. If and just. Hetohavecock, B>.nli»m. Bodeitr, BouHgey, Boyce, Horace ^ P«ejent Emperor of Japan, and is therefore invested.votes fur thethat Were paiamouit, why dlJ genlleuien oa this side.ciralnfton.into the matter under consideration, and I leArntaatbelflnKad la tbe grandfatherofthecasting iheiTTot. a for Mr. 8nsaM«. or the gentlemen on tbe otber side refrain fromCongress from that whichCox. Craige ef Csiolina Crsgg. Craig of Missouri, Crairtor*. Curry. Davldwn, Havls of Uarytend. DmIs, Drlarnette. Dlmmick.MmandMn.fca- lish, Etberidge, llorence, tau.-, t".arnet', (>artreH,voting for Mr. Eococa ypatriotism. Ifor IndlrecUy, beenMm•at It aatlre to tbe Historteal Society af G««-it i« the <mlyWny, i a,k, m the name that be has at no the organlza-not been, a member of an American lodgeas a choice of evils. Be sive thing which would have excluded blm from my consideration, and from the consideration and friend- terestofMeeoontrydemani?it, hewouldunitewith onthisfloor,groundtheiroppwiuonandwbeelback. Mr.BcscD,ofCallforoU,(Dfm.,)aaldInasmuchas shipofmyconstttuenta,andfromthefriendshipandthisand inibnp tu B dissolution of the Didoa, he did not main object of dtsirethat offen-support of the Democratic Party. I have. Sir, suifi. nient evidence of that fact, not only In the assurance of gentlemen around me, but in the action of myknow-bat that wbcn his sense of dntr and the In- would not a sraaU body of men who old oc:upy a position Le\er cuiogizedHughes, Jackson,Je»klna,Jones, KeittC.aKruoiljtba Sepnbilcaas on aaeh a .^aan, in order that tbe Boose may be orgnnlied and i.alieved from its pre- sent dllemBB.Wb'ga,tao-thlrdaof tbe DemocraUlamar, Landrnm, Larrabj", l«acli.,<>fleaks. Logan, Love,Mallory. Bartin,of 0|Mr; Davis, of WDana, (ud. Dam-,) could not pay i-iaim all these reasons. Thej are r«aaona oi alippleSmitb, he would be governed ty their courae and doMr. Conn, of Alabama, (Dem.,) rejoiced that there Democratic friends, upon whose advice and judgment**"?* street late at night,tbe•fltofbrtheTVAwwibeeompllmwtMr.AnsAa expedlssey;Hlfj are reasons addressed to IheArin-wasi:man now in nomination who couid get the «uj>.I rely,I also understand him, Sir, to be an Old -Lineion. the company with a confederate.lloutebeexclusive andaiisthe doctrines of that organisation.:Into the ranks of the Bemocrailc 7 did Party Wny;'-'•Th «. i* '.J^Ifeto-iiJfk NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1860.Wblg, the rrpretentaHre ofa naUonal party, the sup-that article was wholly and totally antrae. He waa that give vitality lo any body of men who might aa- That waa a significant fact He (Coas) had bees porters of the galaxy of stara and atilpaa which tt, ilHl^' ' '*"• Woodson, Wric&s.elected aa a Democrat, and declared hintrelf soeh In ftBible BiMieT >be eonventloiiaUtles of these United called an old Harritburgh Bap'lst preseher—(lang^ emblazon asd strengtbeB tbe Inilgnia of thistbe speccbea be made in the canvasa. Ha believed Slates ss a party. There Is more ttian suooess at Ur]—he did nut allude to this in disrespect to tbe proud natlua. I belSeve blm, theiefore, Sir, For Ut. Bocoek-Hr. Eolmandid. Be far as he was coneemed, the allegatfcm la eiple of Ibe toavaa and fishes;they are not prinolDlea pert of every element, except the Blaek Republican.he received all the American vote, while many Re- stake la party actiontloB for Ita LecomptOB policy, aad voted for bim aa for its sake, the paity cannot, and I oaanot. If I am be a minister than a rocmt>er of Congress, howcwMle not entirely and altogetber soeh as For Mr. Uavi,am—a Democrat— yet. Sir, Ita nearest approach tor Mr. aotrari-lSrSiTU rfli'f-but, Sir, tbe aioment that suc- eleiieal profession, but be had never been aVIe to«a. publicans supported him to rebuke tha Adsalikistra- cess Is desired, and principles tram|^^ under foot pire to the dignity of that poettion. Be wouldof l,i£,na-^iL\tSr*^ that is, an Old Line Wblg; free, Sir, from For Mr. Vance—Ur. BaUib vt N.cno He wanted to exhort itka* they coBoetved to be a choice of evlla, with a obliged to return to my coosilluents with organiza-e leprosy of Know-Mothlngism^^ ^had sever sscrlllced any Democratic opinion or doc- gle principle which propounded tossy oonfidlngmaking great, and, trust, speedy progress, and wul ^anecs.;here, at this stage of our aaUonnow.Mr. Stzvxbs ssoved tbat when (be Honaait be till Monday, Decided lo the affiimatlvetbe Democratsso aa either orpledge charged, Implied expressed,aid tbe RrpubUcans to organize the House.tofied that he stands on the Denwcratlc platform, am which mv constlluents repose, and upon which they seat me here to represent them la this House.—I oau-opportunity, yon Wfill sever get nearer to aa election I appeal to my Democratic friends from the North- west to come to the rescue. I vote for Mr. Snira.to come forward and change my vote firom Johb a. MiLLSOB, of VlrginU, and render it. Sir, to Mr. Smith of North Carolina. [Applause.]Mr. Cvans, of Iowa, (R«Di) JBtdOaranks were a Utile coofnsed at tUi ttaae, determinedtoadjuuin. Itwasnowlata^BBailjrMal'r^''" 'Mr. STAosToa. of Ohio, (Rep.) said tkeaapdblll had no cesire to delay a vote beyond Monda^BotMr. Clxmxbs wanted to say a single went. BaMm Co^raaet Hr. of asked leave McKnsBT, PesDSTlvaoia,(Rep.,)o'clock. Tbey were not Segoing pernttstituents—;adiouraafl by alz generally voties In tbe b*>principleMr. of BtnuiziT,Mr. ScBABioM, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.) also chang- had never voted for a man whom his brother Demo- ed from Smitb to SBaajiAB, and put m nominatioa Mr.plause.]emerr^encyman to defeat the tbeiefcre supported Mr. Smith.and proceeding.Mr. MossiB would vote for any man strictly an Old. for a Republican or a Know NoIhlDg.1 do not sow. I vote for an Old-line Whig, and such for the Stale. Tbe South Is, in a maiu.er, defeuce-;h^4| Icon-I SiriMr. WixsLew Immedtately moved to mf'—oc~i~ai—l t a-man from North Carolina, Mr.SMrra,) valuable as he is defeat those who endorse HsLFxa's book and their every polaatlon arrested—at this moment of time, I gauve.( A motfem was then made to adjounLla htfl personal and domestic views, pure and eonsls- candidate? I address myself to those gentlemen who deem It my duly, as the representative of a proud Mr. Davis, of MIssisalptk, demanded tha yea* laS' trnt as he is In his poUUcal views,—until I am satis- are a little obstisate. [Laughter.] If you lose this coistituency, asd a Democratic one, upon this floor, nays.principle, or is It expediency? Are we to be run had leceived nearly all the vtites from the South, tbe vote.nationa be in order except to correct the reports la over this cataract for success ; or. Sir, like men, high- wi h exception of two or three. He changed to Mr. Mr, Baxb changed lo Mr, Smith.the official paper, or to modify laagnage used In de- minded men, with thts duty to perform, the obliga- S»tb. Mr. SBXkMAii, of Ohio, (Rep.,) at this point rose,te oflTer a icaolutleo, that hereafter no personal expla-bate. These personal explanations have grown Into tions that rest upon us, are we not to stand like Atlas Mi. DAViseoH, of Lou'.siana, (Dem.,) remarked that and requestlsg bis name to be caUed, voted for Mr wssted to make a single appeal. Be was bM KB* tn continue here.ilasbMn dwinoat exdtlnf day'* senioa an' aaormous abuse. Members say they don't care In ihe midst of this falling ruin, and if tha pillars of the other day, when he voted for Mr. Mathaxs, he Coxwnr. paMrre.d Davis refused towithdraw bis demand for tkB.>«»1V* kna yat kad. Tka gaUariM of the Baoaa wara about newspaper paragraphs, yet tbey conaame tbe the Republic fail, cuatain them by the strength, tbe said he would vote for any National mas, with aMr. Jtnrrni, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) aald he had yeas ar>d naya.voted for Mr. Smith, believing him to be a national Mr. Climiss, amid frequent hiierruptiflaia, atfd hataiiilj cTOwdad, a>d all (ha apare room oa tba floor waaMtad^wIUi Saaaton aad dlMtagaUhed stnngen.predous time of the Bouse In explanations concern-them.Mr. MATXAan, of Tennessee, (Am.,) reoaarked hehad never had occasion to make a personal explana- tion, but as every gentleman Is the custodian of his boaor, he should be left to decide for himself on thatunited strength, of the inherent vitality of the Demo- view to the organization of the Hotise. He bad beencratic T I do not to on the in- assuied that Mr Smith had never to the American but be now discovered that he was an had remalLed beie till he was physically rtlniMail. aatingParty propose trespassdulgence of the House, but when I see steady, tried snd veteran aoldiersMr. Mauoxt, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) raised a point of ortJer.belonged ;he would stay In tbe hall no longer. " Cries froM the Democratic aide—"seauKentucky, (Dem.,)Mr. Jaczsok, of Georgia, (Dem.,) claimed that tbe crats of the North were sot willing to support. He Coavix, amid cries from the Democratic side of Too tber eDdurance.gentleman had no right to proceed, iinleaa he was nad always found them true men, disposed to givelawcd iB nipport of Mr. Shitb, and a< each vote was ty, yesterday, voted for one of their owa members, going tocbsnge bis vote. It was only la order to equsl and exact justice to all sections. lie would afforded an apt application of tbe insincerity of that Speakeraf«ai State, aad Daaaocrat after Deraeeiat, fol- Mr. of Pennsylvania, (Rep..) said bis par- Mauost,HixsMAx, referringtothese changes, said theycouldbis reasons for a change, and ha is not going would result In thenrganlxailon of the Houre, Gen- to cbsnge.would aide of the House. support Smith, ^r any other man who roll Cries of " fromjonined.•Bd (allerlai. It appeared erldent that an eleetionwaald be bad, aad the Intereat was erary momentfaMiaaitDg. At laat It waa aseeiUlsad that Mr. Party and elect him to the Speaker's Chair. Hence, direction in which my friends suppose. I feel called were now obfolete. He did not agree with tbe was effected.tlemen on the other side had said they were wllllog to vote for some sound national man of the Americanbelonged but the Democraticto orsympathizedMr. Gaxrztt, of Vlrrloia, (Dem.,) insisted on the restoration of older. Nothing coiild be done till thisMr. CocBaAxx—My friend from Georgia Is mistaken. My purpose is to change my vote, though not In tlieMr. EitsusB neverwith Party. Whig Patty pollUcaThe Clerk imploringly asked gentlemen to take their sfats. snd vigorously knocked with his hammer.ed bylike that way of putting tbe gentleman forward, and pass on the patience of tbe House, and It has not FniMoax, he should have voted for the latter. As be. to cbsnge front and present another candidate. Ue Box. Tbos. H. Dcgsas—/>esr Sir : To-oay,i aa- claimed that, in order that they should understand been for a declamatory purpose, but only to define tween the Republicans ast^'Amerlcans, he would not should withdraw bis vote from Mr. Smith and give It derstand there is to be a great Union Hntfaalaaiaellan aeemad too good to be true. The hope ly nominate him this moroing. In compliance with the limits of the party with which I am proud to act, Mr. NiBLACx, of Indiana, (Dem.,) had no explana- services, and for nationality of opinions, and for is to be downieU tToexparesserve ttobetbUeoioo T Tbatrs tta 'of my friends around me. In regard to the candidateon all sides, who stated tbey dkl not now proposed. It has not been my purpose to tres- the subject of Slavery, As between Fbxmoxt andHe (Maixoar) had been approach-but had conceded that were National on always theyMr. ofMoxxiB, Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) understoodState Legislature:WASHixaTOH CiTT, Thursday, Dee. St, usevMa had been annoonccd. It wai arrangedtIMt Mcaaia. Beoooa and SaaaiuB ahonld oon-dMt tha Speaker to tha chair. The fact af an what they were doing, his friends should formal- my position and give the reasons for my action rithin hesitate, and would vote for Smith. to Mr. Coawn, who was distinguished for eminent Austin. This is well enough and all' rigat, out wBatBlaek Btpahia^ -••a ladecd dalnatre, for dlacorertDg that Mr. SarrH their wishes be bad been instructed by his party to and moie have I felt it incumbent upon me since I lis- tion. He would let his vote speak for lilm, if it wa' try. Party, Go and eectvour man President; waafawaa actually elected, as tha rota stood, Mr. McPaxK- as, of Peaasylranla, who had led off in support ofApplause and hisses in the galleries, and rude dem- i«ady to submit, though our equality is nut aiknaalto cast bis vote for Mr. Smith. Ib regard to the cos- American. Heclusion to which I have come respecting this matter, Mr. Baxx, of New-York, -(Dem.,) was elected out-I may state it very |slmply. We have before us a side of the Democratic organization. The Adminis- ihe floor by courtesy, and, therefore, should not vio- lei Texas do all she can to preserve tbe Dnioaeoa- oandidale of the Democratic Party, selected from its tration opposed him in his canvass, but he came late 'the rules of decorum. Should there be such slstent with honor. That failing, let her bademonstrations In the galleries, he wouil reaoy to take a proud position in a SoothermDominate Mr, Shitb, of North Carolina, as their nom- trned to the lemarks of my Irlend and colleague, (Mr. the last vote he was to give on earth. The contestinee for the Speakership,Mr. CxAvrou, of Georgia, (Dem.,) asked whetherjicxuB.) who stated the reasons which impelled him was nanowed down between a Republican and anosstratisns on the floor. ed^MConstlratlon, and we anfitor BOt Mr. Smith could command the entire strength of the American Pattv.ranks, but a gentleman is proposed from an organiza- here a Democrat, andStmf.uthenvotedtatthafirsttime,whichrendered mandthevotesofgentlemenontheothersideoftoe tionnotwithintheDemocraticParty—agentleman wouldnothesitafetogivehisvoteforaconstitutional intheladies'orgentlemen'sgalleries,doctng Mr. Sma's vote to a hundred and twelre. Mr.alwaysConfederacy.crisis has arrived la oaralso believed that Mr. Smitb ought and would com-expeoted to be one. lie repeateddirect the officers to clear them of all persons, whetherAcoustiy—a storm is iowerisg—God grantHouse.Mr. Muss, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) was readvwho, aa I understand, whatever may have been hisand national man when the time comes for his election. Mr. VALLAsniGBAM, of Ohio, (Dem.) said, under-Mr. HocsTOB thougbt the Clerk should be a littletbey pass with onl]y a lesson that.mayabondred and fifteen necessary to a choice. TheDemocrats then endearored to obtain three rotes to vote for an out-and-out American inate, and to again elect Mr. Sims. Now Mr. Coi, the RepubUcaa Party, and had so siid from tbe be- the district from which he came ; who was sever anything but a Whig, and representing as he Tbe Republicans strenuously called 'Order!" In submit to the inauguratlou of a Black Itepa]llc|iato•I Ohio, came to the rescae, and Mr. Hoiiun, of In- ginning. He did not vote for Mr. Svin yestei-standingMr. Smith to havealwaysbeen alA .A...11 .Ka. I..D .uiAn **tH nnH>,%^to do caaU b« obtained,the third man dsy, because he did not consider him aa formally put forward. His first cboice was Mr, Bococx, who, he thought, was most competent to fill the Chair.an extiaordlnary scene, and theiefore there was the4laaa,«tieedlikewise, providedwho maintain Demoeiatic principles. Isay, taere- be made efficient, to vote for Mr. Smith as Speaker,theyjaser mibemto consider tlie "vert act already per-Mr.Sanxm,ICt. HadMr.Sutbhimselfnot I stall he would stUl have been elected, aa tbe voles;insisted that Mr. Kzm—Then all discussion is out of order.in;tbey araullba given to those who are not slaveholders, for tbe pur. pore of creating lU-fee>lng among ourseltres. If asented more forelgn-bom constituents than any man Mr. Hill asked Mr. Kzitt whether recent Informa- tion. It Is after they have the pourer to tend tietr emit'tion had brought him to a sense of the propriety of aanea and rnceniiary documeikt* among us, and we ara changing his vote. divided in opinion, tbat the overt act will come, and Mr. Kxni—Yes ; I propose to answer tliat quea- then first only gently , in tne shape of no mart Simve•f Coz and BouunCries from Democratic sideaaty effort to have another ballot, and thereupon the TliMMii I si 1 1 yielded to a motion to adjourn. Intense exettcmant prevailed throughout the proceedings.Mr. SanvAX la now regarded as out of the ring, and be reqaesied his friends to meet in caucus ati lasT of ear n aasaat. aad tliatr%r «b Mr. CuMaxs, of Tlrgtnls, ,nrm ^^Mr. of IIocsTOS,toon tills and that floor,t»Hm)iiu». QaaAm.prppesly 'Mr. Kxm— IsU?la worthy of note leaataBBUed vote, sav« one, forthetnt tiiqa|ll,-I«aA> BSrfliWMr.«vTm told Mm out of his own mouanhafbe never belongwl to the AnaertcanWasbisoioh, Thursday, Jan. ST. Dr. 8. G. Ho^TX has returned from Canada, andtiiancb of olive, bu\ found nu spot to rest his foot la the wide waste of wairrs. He wisbed to go on no more voyages of discovery, but would vote for therange of seats, talking earnestly, it was said, to some ofdritw sn article up and sign:theis expected lo appesr before ibe Senate Investigating gentkman who wdcld concenffSie tbe vole of his Pally proper would elect him.Commitue neit week.Geo. PoaioT and Judge Aut are sow here, co-friends. Wnen be,j^sterday, voted for Mr. Suiru Ue ,to find that, while Mr. Giuisa voted for his owil colleague, (Mr. Smith,) ibree other grntlemcn of bis own party constantly adherdl t> Mr. UiLMza. Wbenhe sbouU understand that any lentieman acting with the twenty-three Sjithem Op- (.oslticn could concentrate their support, and when the question shall occur as to tbe ninety odd Demo- ocrats joining them, be would consider the proprietyMr. Mv.CLtB:iAsn then expressed the hope that thegei.tlemen from the Northwest would feel themselves tie (Mr. Basssdale) could rise higher thanperelect a Latlu'ual man Speaker over Mr. Sbesmas hav- ing arrived, he would now vote for .Mr. S-vira.witb Hon. M. J. PAasoTT, delesste from Kansas,.to effect the speedy admission of Kansas as a State an(;er tbe Wysw^otie Constitution. Messr.<. FomcT and AsHT are candidates for the Senatorsblp under the lew Constitution.The Investigating Committ«e are not In session to-surmisejus'i&ed, in this extraordinary emergency, in voting forMr.SaiTH.Mr. Bcoocs, of Vin;'nla, (Dem.,) thought the South em Opposition ought long ai;o to tuve come forward in a spirit of patriotism and taken their position by tbe side of tbe Democratic Party. But they did not—no heart burn- choocetodoIL Hehadnorankilngsif)f?8 lo gratify. Personal views and amMtlon he might hair, but these were dust lu tbe balance com- pared with Lur great and glorious country. [Ap-In a spirit of magnanimity, though not agreeing poliliciLlly with Mr. Smith, but wishlag to put into tbe Chair a sound, conservative, good:min, snd to deal one blow at tbe "Irrepressible conflict," and to remove the clouds which lower upon our House,hevotedforthatgentleman. [Applause.]Mr. RoBuisoN, of Illinois, (Dem.,) would vote for.sccal or considerations. Mr. Smith was a na partyUonalman,andthat'senough. [.Applause]Mr. Mcaais replied that he had received assurances as tu others for whom he bad voted, but had foundMr. Cox, of .Ohio, (Dem.) said when Mr. Sairaaand that Mr. Smith was not only not reportedlantj. Toaloperatingbe made and learned inquiry«1U probably not meet before Monday. The principal reason whythe Peruvian Govern- ment refused to make reparation for the seizure of the Teasels Lizzie Tkompton and Georgianay is that tbey ware engaged in the suano trade under arrangements with Ibe revolutloniKts, Bi,d contrary to la.v. It is snpppsed in Peru that tbe Amerlean Minister (Mr.Cut) Is personally Inieiested Id the claim.Senor Zioaua, ibe Perutiao Minister to tbe UniladBUtea, Is lying dangerously ill in Washington.The receipts of the Treasury for the past wee»day. Theywas struck byoark c.'oud 01 dirun^on ovtr^baduweo tbetiiey once more appealed to tneai fur justice, but lizV ' ''aiir-wst- Us^\Mr. BnasBTT understood tbat Mr. Mokbis, of D- parties here, not one of them faaviog a majority.Bnoia, waa anxious for organization, and was williog Mr. Mills, with tbe consent ot bis colleague, vindi-the cated what he called the truth of history.While Messrs, KiiTi and Milu occupied the floor,-WjUg—tk« last of -tha Mokieaaa.^ Tha voted for Bocoek,^ltaynard MIBson, SeoU and GUmer now, as alwaya, a Nattoael Clay and Webster Wblg.j ,Will bet suicidal, for tbe South to awatt em overtact esa she makes the attecjpt to redre&s her wrongs. Let ttie South meet tbe danger. Let Southern men look it is the face snd take action lo meet andThe points of differeace which existed between thec^ncis now are that Kir. Coaim will be dec led on successively, in the exp* elation and bopr that it would n aad Democratic Parties had become obsolete. and toHoaday.inoH THi xxroma ov taa associatss psxss.iQ.contribute, In some degree, to the Teatoratlon oforompt it,oppositionIber of the Whig Party, and never belonged to Miusex, of Virginia, for mythe American organization, and that he had never bad occasion to vote ;rro or con on tbe Kansas meas-ure. He understood this to be tbetlon some weeks ago, and it struck him theo, aa it did DOW, that Mr. Smtth is the man on whom th*«arlBtN e^tservattve elements might cembiae morethan on asy other man in the Hoase.The House proceeded to vote.be inclined to aa we yield to,gentleman's posiStatetThis wemightbigbaimony. Be bad gone cut, like tbe dove, with tbe Tbeie was no differencereadyorganizeagainstI,Mr. FLoaiiiCS, of Pennsylvania, (Dem,)" said he de- sired Mr. Smith to take the Chair unpledged, and as tion would restore peace and quiet to the country. an honest man, and administer the dutiesplause,]Mr. Mows, of Illinois, (Dem.,) said, as far as histhere should be no debate port of a change of vote.inMr, NizoH, of New-Jersey, (Rep.,) here changed fiom Smith to Pixsisoioa.Mr. Kim resumed.Mr. Dc»!i, of Indiana, (Rep.,) called him to order, saying he was purposely delavmg the action of the Huuse, in order that tender- footed Democrats mlgnt bemaslpuiatetl. "advised he would, as heretofore, vote for a Democrat. BecouldnotvoteforSmith.Mr. Focxx, of Illinois, (Dem..) said he had never given any but a Democratic vote, but as the Demo-judgmentconversation wascutoforder. HeInsistedontheresultoftheballot being declared.Mr. McRax concurred with Mr. Hasxci, that tliiscraticPartyhadreceivedaccessions fromtbe Parly, snd ss Mr. Smitb was represented as a gentle man of abiilly and parliamentary iDformstion, he was wUlIng, under the circumstances, (deeming It the duly of every patriot to sacrl6ce private feelings and prejudices lor the good of the country,) to vyle for him.Mr. Holham, of Indiana, (Dem.,) at tbls point sentBir.Essusa,ofIndiana,(Dem.,)wantedtoknow who was the Democratic nominee.Mr. BoLMAM replied: "The gentleman from Vir-sponds:of thein the contest for the election of aDemocracyop the lesotutioosclarlng thatSpeaker, it is tbe Imperative duty of every Democrat to stand firmly by and support the regular nominee of the Democratic party.,) amid the prevalent lab and eelf last year, bas been received. With myMr. BOOOCK."Mr. EsouBH said that Mr. Bococx has been with-wereaud patiiotlc. He would vote for no man who would,^ .„ginia—His naturalized constituentshonest, Intelligentdrawn. He would ask Mr, Holmah to consider whether the fact that a majority voUd for Mr. Skiih was not equivalent to his nominatioa.Mr. Vallaboiouam said that when be had vuted for Mr. Smith his vote for Mr. Smith would have elected He bad conversed with Mr. and learned him. Since that, by a fraudulent change of vote,Mr. HoLMAji tbat the Democrats here were repliedtbat he had never badanyconnection with that resuU had been altered. But he took the respon- sibility, and wanted his vote to stand.Tbe vote was announced. ,elected Democratic votes, aud they should remain bydirection.Mr. LAjnsBM. of Liul.lana, (Dem,) would followColfas. Cunkiing. Corwln, Dawea,States MinisterBococx,andvoteforSarru. lAp- Mr. LooAB, of Illinois, (Dem,,) voted (or him beUi^ich. Graham. Grow, Uurley, Hale,la a stale ofyet complete preservatloa. Thares'sthe admiatstratioo o Mr, Davis, of MIsslssppi, (Dim.,) had voted for Bo- charge that duty. I have acted, Sir,RcbiuBon of Rhode Island, Ktyce. Schnarlz, Sedgvitt,whichWald ri.n Walton Washburi e of W ,,if cons in .W ashbaraeAmerican vote,theof all sections, wh, vote for Mr. Sann simplyOiteer,^,Majnanl, McClerwd, 1^.- -T^aklstol Bill, distinguished for his coi^cSon c:not our friends tbe South Americans then, aa nowpiopcse a gentleman from their own ranks T I dis- likewise.^Wblg.under thelightsI,. Jtlfully wltD silk,of de Indiana,Mr. MoHTODMBRT,thought tbey thould all make concessiun.<«. and statodWblgorder. Botthis hasbeenoat meetingKnow-Nothing Party, but was an Old- Line Whig. He was a strict Democrat, but availed himself of bis re- spect for Old-Line Wblgs in rotlng for Mr. Smith,Mr. RcmH, of North Carollua, (Dem.,) s&ld be wasHeOld Line Whig, and declined to answer the question whether he was in favor of a slave code. He mu^^theTrheifsorem,ovoetmeefnotr Mcrr.eaStheedsmcoanms.iderable excitement.It was the commencement of Smith. uoelectlngTOaMr.back tbe tide of fanaticism.Order," confusion was extreme.the Republican side. TheTexas aad the RepabUeaiia. OPIXIORS or CAPT. BU. M'GITILLOCH OB TIU CIISICanyThe Stttttpriststhefollowingletter addieasedbvCaptBaa.would vote for Smith.Ibe cleared. Texas say this ? Never neverIndulgent, as thtsWhig, such manifestations, this would.nominated against ita nominee, and occupies (Mr, Taixahsisbam) did, a large and most respectable chorus. President. Then the qjsatioa arises la tbe erentof bis seat here as against those gentlemen Whigelement,hewasreadywheneverhisvotecould TheClerk,inreplytoMr.Houston,saidthiswras tseurcdhoa!neSlheacltlion,whsawtaihtaadntohvertSoaucth?eronrSwtialtlesitbebta-has been sent here lato the sction of Ibe local Democratic Party inscene and before the world Really, if anytldn—gwotUd j^ustify.political sffiliations,oppositionw^asliable men in Congress say that tne Sooth wtu aotfoie, in respect to that, it does not become me as a over Mr. Shzsmahvery possible influence was broogbt to bear upon But, as there seemed a disposition to unite and har- Democrat, representing a fearless Democratic con- sponsible for the disorganization of the House, if not a Mr. KxiTT, of Souili Carolina, (Dem.,) rose to state uonS. I answer according to my own laeble judg*he would sot In such a case be re-Axua, of Ohio, and Datib, of Indiana, bat withont monize tbe various elements against the Black stituency in tbe City of New-York, to cast my ballot dissolution of the Government. Public duly demand- the grounds upon which he would ctiange this vote If ment. There will be no evert act unlii u wtit Sc toocttct, and tbe result was announced:reason and consideration of propriety, as well as Integilty to the party of which I am a member, still x"lote for the Soutk to reaUt tuczetrfullf !deistand their game too well to maze that Bklstaka, We will be first divided at home and weakened bySomeFor weeks they had been in session Mr. Smith, Republicans, he was now willing to vote for Mr. for that gentleman. lam constrained. Sir, by every ed the waiving of men's preferences as to the candi- niencaetslseamrpyt.ing to eoirghatnise the Hou^eSbitb.Mr. Smith, of Tlrginia, (Dem.,) referred to the resolutiors of that Sute, in which her Representa- tives are requested to unite on any national mui ladate.Mr. Moxai!, of Illinois, had heard it said by variousgentlemen that Mr. Smith had never been connectedMr. ofFaesswoith, Illinois, 'Rep.,)vote within its ranks. I Intend to iodl' cale, by the change of my vote, another Individual^onfine myGo on Does thewould have been sufficientT1—III lali DOW urged anoflwr Iwllot, but the Rapub- opposition to the Republicans. He understood that In its ranks—a man upon whom all parties out- true, but he wanted Mr, Suiih himself to answer the projJOfe 10 change his vote ?;'."'Ueaas resisted, and moved an adjoummrnt. Mr. Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, came within that cate- tide the Republican Party can and should unite, and question, Mr. KxiTT : I WiU state that—caana,ofOliio,statedthathisfriendswouldresist (oiy. BeunderstoodMr.Smithhadt>eeaamem- puthimintbeSpeaker'scwhhaiorm.IIoarsetfertvoleJ.ohhA. Mr.LAxaASXX,ofWisconsin,(Dem.,)saidherepre- "TCarikessoefat"sO."rder"fromtheRepubUcanside,and tobesSayouIthwalosobketcoaIotsweelble.waIstnIcstwoaitsblayvoenfuclodnesr.ideLrae-tsaid thatthis time be bsd voted for no one except a member of the Democratic party, yet in deferenite to tbe effort he e biinwd from Mr-them would justify Mr. Hdishsr slated, on authority, that Mr. Shitbbeing ssede «e egiaet «« alectlCB ,was never a Know-Nothing. trines of that orgiatiattoa. fact.He discarded tbe doc- Ue waa saUsSed of tUiUoD,:have butcse piece uf territory tbat is adapted to SlarAlabama, (Dem.,)upeveryFtauMi IB Mr. BnifB,Mr.MoCuaBAan,of IUiaeta((l>em.,ldiSkred fromthe vlawa expiesaed by Mr. CecaxAax, and wtel for"Republican side, the Democratic side.Itnteadtoanswerthequestiao. What oftheArkansas.Then would follow, in succetaitUt. SwTB in aaplrltefiialilnllMii eilUlllULiRe did notoadev- titllgWaaagi'ig^tTiow-NothlagTbnt orfSBlxatkoa.FugtilveLaw.'BeSlataaiy'ial~between Old-line iJeroocrats. He wlshtd to ask whether It was In thepower cl tbe Democrats to elect Mr. Sairti.Mr. MAU.oa> replied tbat the vote of the DemocraticWhigsandwith IheKnow-Nothlngs.ThatmightbestrictlyMr. Thzaxze, of Ohio (Kep ,)gentlemanmsn was mean enongh to nuld office lo the Sootb nn- cer such a President, and was denounced foraodotsgr, as be would be, would he not be mean enonsb, also,one of bis vote for Mr. Smith. [Applause.];minuteselapsedhe was mUInfurmed. He did not wishSmitb,a KnowNotiiing, but that he was optKiscd lo tneend prater for tbe Union tnat tbev, the SoutlieraUepieientalives, would aoviee ttie calHtig of a Con-\tLtion of tie Southern S'ates for the purpose of fomiit-g a Southein CoDfet^eracy In the event of theouttdke amanontiust.to Mr. Smith was In favor of the Slave Code, and was elected hereHe understood that over tbe regular Democratic candidate.;was not now a member of tbe Know-eieciien of Mr. Sawask. or one otat tbe same lime, vrgetne Southern Slates to orgaoiza and arm Ibeir mi'itia for tbe coming crisis. Tnis wlU Co n ore to prevent tbe election ofa Black RepubUcaa President iban all tbe Union meetiucs toat ever(Am,,) said Mr. Smith had been prevented, out of deference to gentlemen w-hodid not sympathise with the American party.Mr. of Missouil, (Dem.,) imderstood that Craio,Mr. Smith was elected towho desired to have a slave code incorporated in theDemocratic Platform.Mr. Bakksdalz and others objected to Mr. CXAio'aToere can be no (.uficulty In my giving him my vote in tulaMr.ofHill, Georgia,nextSenate,)apportioniiientheiofany nationalMefsrv. Panrs, ol Missouri, (Dem.,) and Scott, of seat and say be repudiated the doctrines of the Know the other side, membersRepusllcaos,men voted to send me heie. 1 am ibe more satisfied lefg, for the want of arms. Otr:er States are lookfofMr. CuMxss, amid cries of " Order1Mr. Haskixssaid all thisdesultoryBon. Assahah Luooutoduty of every gentlemanSarra never be upon this floor to do it usdeis a^diogiy, and under agoodof mostWin- Oe exquisiteaadtfaoaa tasiUar with,half thebut the DemocraU could be generous House, I have felt it my duty to extend my inquiriesW-Qodruff.For Mr- Smith, of North CoroJma—votel for !!mito.Mr. HiauMAii, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) bad alwaysvoted for a Democrat, and desired to do so t3 the end, but would BOW vote for Smith wlta the uadcistaadlogUme. connecitdlnthe KnowNothIng Party,directlyI off •[ ) Applause.whose same is now to be proposed-andHe wouldhere ha-l voted for Mr.of Mlislssippi;that it is the intentionhis,^ceUe«i*JIrepudl-Hamiliou, Barormsn, Barns, Md.; Ha'— Hawkins, Hill, Bindman, Houston, HoiUntitled DocumentS» found rSuSfg.Congreis againstMr.Shaw,hope you excuse Ibis long letter. I<oniy intended, at&<s'.,ta suggest to you (as my Rcpre6en'.ative In the SlataVoicis—" That's so," " That's so."Mr. McRax would with Mr. IlASxra in cooperateSfiixonxui, BL,Messrs. Cr«. if. Partofu and otktrt, Central Batattiwtcalling for an announcement He voted for Mr. ^uaajiA.f.theof said he Peiuisylvanla, (Dem.,)ttiey snould organiz« by the election of Mr. Smith. His remarks were applauded.Anxious cries fiom the Republicans rw^no an- nounce the vote.£r.PxsBLXTOa,ofOhio,(Dem.,)saidherepre-ackiowledgmenta to both you andbis reasonswhygratefulthem,and naturalized citizens of all belleis—German and Irish, Protestant and Catholic.them or whose were sympathies againstproscribethem.from himthe American order, or sympathy with its prospec- tive tenets. Be therefore, to organize the House on anationalbasis,votedforSmith.of this House In the Thirty-sixth.,.Fpeakerftar.ds bi a differentIsnpposed be occupied when I formerly addressed my fellow members. I learn, Sir, that he is not, and basSmith,againtbat be had never been andNothingOrder, but had deuouuced it. if this bebe and I it is; tisd I look Mr. Shitu, who true, sajgreater necessitytopreserve dignity.such a discussion was out of order. "a disposal of the Federal offices:TT-:sotmcsasa on the great issues which divide the coun- question sayunder a commonMr. BczHiTT immediately moTCd that the galleries fuluie not to be couildeied your eqnalaf WillShe will baea The Clerk said that persons had been admitted on equality In the Union, or she will go out of It. Tkeathe most ^ extraordinary.Lt- . tj '1.1 A-.A k^ .Ka Sill(a terall tbat has Deen said and done by the North)before order was restored.petrated at Harper's Ferry ?:andGo on, KxiTT," frca very. occuplad byCries of "Order"from the" "abontian of hisremarks,andjpidceededtospeakofthestatte of Ac.tbroegboottbewholeSontB. itsslUaelMr. Hiu repeated hi* interrogatory.Mr. Kxm aald be %oaid answer tt la the eooiae ofStaveDlsulctof Colambla, and inatt tbe fosta;)'wlib a national manRepubllcanf. He submitted to him that such being the llepubUcans were talking in groups, w-nile miny this gieat and cJorltus Uolun cln be saved. Let thehis whether at this when atlilude, particular juncttire,he is assuied by gentlemen all arounl him of tbeUeiEocrats were on the side of the congregatedSouiliern members of Congress, wbsn a Repnbiiem It elected Speaker, (which will be tne case ere longJtheir friends who hid notiet voted for Smith.Mr. Vau.a>dii.iiam added to the interest of the oc-carefully writifs, s=- as to cover tbe whole ground, calling on tha basanwered questlens. The genUeman from III! casion by saying that tbe lime when his vote would Nor'Lern people not to it fl;cl this great wrong upon t::em, that tbe men who nuw have elected tba ^^eaker. were ttiemstlves elecied beware the p*ee«nCno other candidate noia wiU Inaist on an answer to lo the Interrogatory,position tbat Mr. Shiihoccupies,name was presented,that he was aii old line Wnig. His (Cox's) colleague (Pi»i/ixT05j had just been in couversauon wUli Mr.the of their Lot evtjitheedingthis, tSetr lastbopaOrcer and itsprinciplesbut 1 wduld lot out of to go my partyvote forvote, if I was not assured It would produce;organization.the necessitv of anmade bv the Legislature, asd plared at the disposalfromfirms ^Ir. Smitb's own statement to Mr. Pzholxio..),ori, «i....rr.oT,i rin hnils, nrpBPm-e and my own statement presence.While Mr. CoxT wWaMs s8p«eiaktionHg, mainyv uDemocr&atasfelted Mr. Smtth,Pennsylvania for hira. I havesoon, and oblige your friend,afteras a reason tbat he was not an American. This con*wet e still outside of the range of seats, and tne Re- ^^^_ Let Texas neither lead nor foUow, but act withThat's so." That's it," And a faint voice, UU himon tne and not on the Ami-Comihittfe, ^c:of Arkansas. (Demcalled tbe aitcnilon of the couuuy to wuat myBluke, Bravlon, Buolnglon Barlingame, Burahaw,dcm,IB DSTAIl._ a complete suit of armor, purcbaaed em bla late .vM| Ito that country by his Excellency Mr, Wabb, UbMiIprotect our ne-Ga^TlXMr!•.VourletterofIhe7thInst., aeeeunpa-Mr. KtsT,confusion,beconsideredthelal;ehoodandfraudofthosewho luruieveiyI1slter<sgtermsInwhichthere4<iestla had voted for SarrH, aud then abandoned bim.Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, (Am.,) said some- that Mr. tShmintghmhoardebuejewsneltehcetesdu,bjfetcut,taensdergemnatlrekmeednhadun- elected him. He spoke anud frequent interruptions from tbeRepubUcans, who considered his speech out|coQinjunicated, I tiansmit youthe copies. Tbecopiea I send you are as reported asd printed by the raepect- ithvaetfirsi,enbidsofShiesnaftrotrenDdosr,aonLdAmSianedmysmeilnfea.ttIbtewtotumled—by bybe an unwarrantable Unerty forus to change a word or a letter In his, and the changes 1 have made In .«t-.- you perceive, are verbal only, and verot orcer. "Cries from the Republicans, Announce the vote." ber. I w Ufa the reprint to Iw precl.-^eljconcentricSomes, t^ptub^iof^pencer. HCAOton. Stevens, aterart taagl:ililng and breakinga r* tr 1»rn. TlUI uiOi.. f;workaumhfai,has beenK«palrmyories at MaplvtoaBainMadaadbjrBatksdale.Barr,Barrett..Bi>- ' lucky.Asbmore, Avery, Brabson, ..B> e^iiaiiaa* ^UMartin, of % irgln'aQtiwn, McBae, MiiM. MlHson. MiUwarl, Moataim.. In the famous' Eimy ery, McoreorKeuTarky. Moore of Alabama, Morrta a( iiiBi the" Infernal maihtnes,'*llliuois, Neleon. Klbliiek, NoeU, Pendleton, PafBl^ oaae, has been arresUd in Providence. R. I.,PheUs. P'Tor.KuP.utg,h.ScQootatr.leSai,ckKlegsa.a, ftablaaon ^TWT wKh attempting to steal a barr-i of flo»r,wh!^**h*» oia. RuIBd. Singleton, Sailthof Va., et<i>hcnsou, Stewart of Ud., Stokes, Stout, Tay-, ,^"For Mr Clerk of Hew- Tork—Mr A.I.4..Gazette, published at Anatin, Tezaa,us wiser in futnie I We hear every the dayI mcaa^bat nowtbe 1Nortn orLei ibe North see that the South is readf and will act. snd iLen there will be no Black Repoilican elected Pjesideiit uf these United Stales. I willhas excited or more deserved adamfiaeruantdiao,B greater:in or boydi;^ armor, is of copper.-IDattae State,aulter^»-r-Chainedfrom Japan.—lli ffnoops!!These are v*" gravetroax rar laapanaaa es ''¥he'dari(^MnidMS>naiaThey on-ItkepoUtlcs; and,*£. ^ p. ^^sxtam mwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 