 10KEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.tebtd a regard to their reoeptioa, wo l i v e the r a o e s A S B S o r T A B BBCBFTIOH OF THBfollowing JAPAJ«*ISBTte second imperial interpreter has become sa adept to worsmg a sewing Ksehine, sad be speat sa hour or two tha afternooa at the task, with a workwoman at his side, to expound whatever was a sfctch aoove his comprehen-Aktormea and Councilman TkiTtssa carriage*, oonlalamg the metayers ot Aldamaa aad Councilman.of theB a u d sDirector— ihtir Tour Through the Btdlduig— fA* sf'dal— Discharge of a Pistol to the Japanese Room*--Exciiemeni of the Quaker* Unabated—Immense Croud in th* Reoep- tion Afcaa—Position of the Amb*stadors During the Re- ception—Prets <f Quaker City—Will £fev> Yorkers Dit gust or Please the Japanese, <£epened, as you are aware, that too Ambassadors were not there at all Mistakes ol a natare similar to these make their appearance to type every morning regularly, so that the Pbuadelphians are kept exceedingly well posted upon what the Embassy aid not doWith respect to tbe future movements of the Asiatics,it still remains for New York to give these people such areception as will not disgust those who have a particle ofgood taste, but do ho.or to the nation. Much, however,it must be remembered, depends upon the public themselves; whatever Is tbe prevailing sentiment will Impartin chaiaoter to tne proceedlege oa that occasion. I haveevery coaficcnce in the Manhattan*se doing credit tothemselves and ths city as concerns ths Japaaeae, aad Ionly hope that ths New York Alderman will act in ac-cordance with the wishes of the better part of tha com-fja» canaaif oaansBBtes m - t a w s of the Saieoi Council* of Philadelphia.(.X>KBU OJU SR8 XO. 2.IlrAncj ASTIRS FiErfr Drvasat N Y. S. M ,CommonandY erh hecoiains Newport » t i Saratoga, a i 1 car "conntryaad taogt wasTBEEft BECEPnOI El 1£W YOBLTHE OFFICIAL PROGRAMME. SBtldpated arrfva! of the Great Eastern is almist over Bt-i'tb» (act is. notwiikwiandu*, too evUtni tt> bejnb*«- mesas bouquetlooked, or ruber a overshadowed ror the time, by thisgreater lantern Em>aasy Among those lntereetel U Ill Wfifitl Itnflin at tire City BAU—Th« atarmo affairs, but ejpec'elly among our Enx'lsh rsaien Yottea is laat»pear*ooe tlx»- Summon af the Emosssy. lie has a Leal ot the 3t»k«f>erean typa, aad would pass VMj well for one ci the sevta wate men of the East, AS AHartiat he api*4A/s to ,1 andvantage, and ho has evidentt like maur n<ber iu«nof •Alent.saittakaa his profession; citner men>btrs of tne Embassy oaa surpass him in every Gtaciipuon ot drawing.At a quarter past one o'clock to-day, Siaame Boojten No Ksmi, the Ambastsdor in Cbtof, aad Ogura BongoKv-Kaml, thefive of theirefficers of the aavy attached to tao station sad oa duty in imiiatleiphia Tbe reception lasted onij 01teen mmates, after wh • h the party rctnraea to the privacy or their rooma. It- Second Ambassador la troubled wtth nearai- gia in the face anl cannot be comforted, a coaxeqaence of wbicta was that he did net appear at the reception, the three great goas cf the Embassy are l eolusea They pass the day to smoeag together while seated on their keels on the floor of their private sitting room which none, but their owa attendants are allowed to enter. They are the kast informed, sad evtece tae least desire to be In- formod, of the whole party. m __The people here speak of "the Jape" as If they so many auima's of ibe marsupial class, sad they took at ihem, and take'hold'of tbem^sad otherwise regard them, a uh aVut as much respect as they would a coUocttoa or sucbiin a me&sgeria. I beard a Common Councilman to- day say to ato her, la reference to a third Individual—his frt*na whom he wished to inttoduco to the Japanese-. "He'd like to get In to see tbe kangaroos ' At half-past twu tweive of the intermediate officers ol the Embassy, In- cluding T ; a m y , tbe artist with the wise looking couaten- stce. and the tecond interpreter, were, after much troabio, got together and driven la carriages to the Girard Col- ie|,o On their arrival they were received by the Presl dust of the institution, sad conducted by him through the various schools. All the pupils were small boys, and, with two exceptions, the teachers were of the femitjice gender.Tte national soaff, the "Btor Spangled Banner, ' w*sthen tnng with *fleet by MBe. Paredi, sustained by a to Icnorns of Ae MaeaBtrchor and Young Maeaaercaor Aa-rociationt, crmprleitf over a buadred votoea ram per- ha" to take tbeir seats in tbe reception room and shake most wonderful of what ttay have aeaa at this countryCmN Hot to bf tdmiucd.fordM •r the lahMfjr—ne tov«KkIrWEWINTS OF THE EMBASSY IN PHILADELPHIA.The txerteawst to regard to ike visit of the Japanese to fan elty wfcteh ha* bees eaaSmaelly laerssstos;, whfle to* itolhtgc'sbad fortif MM o*Te besa crowded at Wastiag- aoa, ruaeed at Bad eso-e Bad msultod at Philadelphia, oul-• M I M to-day ia aaa of tha grsadSss diopter* which Haw York has evor witnessed Today, •* »***» two K M ? M , thaJapaaeao are *xp*ctod to Und at th* lattery, from the steamer ABita, which wfll eon rey theni to* ratrroad station at annoy, Now Jersey, and, to u> th* pa/Ucalart which wo have already pub-daoia, the leviathan hi eagerly expected; bat at presort the people generally are taken up with the Japanese reoepUcn.THB rBBPABAlTONa'at the Metropolitan, the qaartota of the« Embassy, arenew easjretf eeaapwted, aad everything ts in reailn^fs tor ibetr arrival. The oatlro Trent of the hot<»ldecorated with American aad Ja Sacs—two from each wtodow. The dming rooma sadvesttbales are Mmilsfiy adorned, and all the other arrasgemento, before deeftfbed In the RBBALD, have bora made tor aba oomfert aaa eonvaaiaaee of onrguests. The special detachment of police for the hotel, u d e r command of Sergeant Mount, of the Eighta pre emot, went on doty at aa early hoar this morning, sad heaeeforward the crowds which have thronged the hotel far the past tew days will be excluded from the tpart- meats of the Embassy, no person being admitted to the second floor of the hotel but those officially connectedwtta the Embassy, aad the guests of the house, who have, by aa admirable arrangement, been supplied with ickets. the endeavors cf the Committee of Arrangn- mectf, at the instance of Mr. Warren Leland, la socure entire seclusion for the Ambassadors, are deserving ol every commendation, and the care which will bo taken to secure this object may be instanced byft i irar.ee waa eneorel hands with a disorderly crowd of not less than atbaesaadFeats cf kgerdemata by Signer Biltr, a magic daaee to persvns. The crush to the corridor and reception roomrrprrarat the anion of Japan aad America, in which the was excessive. Tbe great stairway leading np to tbe bed- performer very ingeniously but unsoccesrfuliy attempted rooms of tba Embassy wsa blocked up with a stanrltogso far, baa transpired taroagh «x*a af tta totorpssters of tb* Embassy to a friead. Tats h aartteatorty totorestiag, iassmuct as tte Aaiatirs aeverexhibit surpn** cr *s-BB1BASST.TO< precessioa wt 1he headed by eight mounted Police, he fact that, at the meeting or th? commttee, Tomniv was imroaueed to and shook bands with each ofand twenty on footTroop Washington Greys, Capt. Varlfcn. •*V»B'.* ftefanoat Troop. Capt i'erloy.!. ese.* The building in some places was overcrowd- last evening, it wa? resolved that measures shoaii bet ed with visiters, although tha doors were closedtaken to cloee a oncert saloon near by, tha dlssorlao to an irrmeLse concourse outsile. Numerous policemenJet*. Cemmtttee of Reeepuoa of the Comman Council. mnatc from whose band could not bat be annoying. It isintended that the Japanese shall be j'ist as private aa 1en-w<>r» stationed within as well as ou Hide the builaing,ana thete, in tbe performance of wha >hey likely consi- ticis. Even tbe amusements of s great people should be had an illustrated supple meat, In which "the arrival of that tbe population of that city, according to resent daniFirst Arnbassedor and Capt. I Hip 'tit, 8*x>ad Ambassador an 4 Opt. Lee lira Ambassador and Capt Porter.Eor (irilve all their pleasure from vulgar or silly exnibl the dctngs of tbe Japtnese. The En.qw.rar On Moody last PorrtiTrTwi or Br. Lona —A 8t Loam papercure from intrusion as though they were at Jeddo, and in Trsamrer of too atoaaasy and sJscratary of Naval das the beautiful gardens and cool resubales of the hotel tt?> can enjoy that rest and cocafon which have, it Is to be feared, been too long de&!ed them. The custne of '.uaEm- bassy will be in charge of the Japanese cook, and aoroag other articles provided exclusively for him are a q-oaautydered their duty, made themselves a decided nuisance. equal to tbeir greatntis; nor m tbe American standard of the Ambassadors at tbe Continental Hotel" was depiotsd.amounts t o - W h i t e s , 141,6to; slaves, ad, 1,019; total population, 14u,W0.1,2*5, treecolor-Two Governors of the Embassy.Tw« Hub Governors of the Embassy.To* ««cr*fc*rte-s of use Em sassy.Two Doctors of the Embassy.Two 3nb-S*creteJrt** of t>*> Eniuassy.Treaty •*», with canopy and three a*t*udan*a, drawn by eii boraea.Tweaty carnages, containing nv.a at arms and oiber at- k.ndaats of the Embassy.•aacarrtege wtta taa two ae<;r*fc*r*s of the Joint Committoe of lb* Ciaamon Ooanv.il.OM cswrtoge wl h the 8*rgeant*i-Arma.• a t carriage ooeutalBg the Preailento of th* Board* ofBfarrtcrl. BouwooD—WiLLum—to Berry, N. H, ea Wednesof Japanese tea and* of East India rice, of whiih tna Ja- panese are said to be extravagantly fond. Mr. Warren Leland has In person nperlntenlel tha preparations at the hotel, and baa, throagh the Naval Commfrslott, con suited the wishes of the chief Ambassadors in regard :o aUnoat every particular.TUB orncui. RICRPTIONWill probably take place oa Monday next, as before stated, at the Govern i r e room, City Hall. Ih t Scfdutn regim-mt, National Guard, will act aa a gaard of hoaor and specialof ibe Embassy accompanied tbe prowaaioa on foot—aor wss a hsibert carried Again, it wsa gravely announced by two or tbe eainea, to ssewkteg or the recent wWinee at ths Academy of Music, that tbe Ambassadors arrived shortly after the others sod took their placet in the stageBoixwooo, of Amherst, I to fkusA E, dBngnterof Mr. llii'kiey Williams, of v —••.,,COLB—fimoox —la this etty, oa Tuesday, June 12, at tte resieeace of tbe brides parents, by Bev. Gasrga a. Hare,Wiuus A.CotstoBUBYEflsaoox,allof thiscity.BARIUMS— Waii^rx—On Wednesday *vea»fig, June IS, by the Bev. Charles C We lace, of Trwmont, Euwaao HABB1.SO.V to fwAiism J WAIXACB, daughter of ffffijta Wallace, Esq , ail of this city.LIM.'B— HIDABOCX —Os Thursday, JOBS 14, or the Rev. E f Hwcox, D. 0 , PaaaasaoK C. Luna to SUKCABBT, dsagbter of Jacob H. BMabeca, Esq., ail of Una city.Philadelphia Ledger pleas* copy.Mxrinu—BBTTH —to New Yotk, ea Thursday erecjag. Jose 14, by tbe Bey. L Jones, BmuASrm M. nsccM, of Fkorica, to Mtot HABSIBT A. Barm, of West Farms, .Se« Y ork.pesEtaooia aad New Orleans papers please espy.PAhuaixx-Kumv —in tbtt oBy, oa Wednesday, Jane 13, at tbe reticence or the bride's father, by £av D 3. Parnxlee. Mr C. W PARKKLBBto Man Man A. .daughter Of Wm H K-rby, Esq .ail of the etty ot Now YorkBBAD—Cojrwoa —Oa Wednesday, Jane 18, at the North Preenytortaa church, b» Bev. Dr. HatiVid, Mr. Wa. X.DAY.Thin regiment wiii parac^ o liu uniform, whtto panta- The Mayur ot Cincinnati, Mr. Bishop, paid hia respects they were there. For the first time since Sunday morn-ssant, as soe«iai esoort and guard o' J >cor to tae Japa- nese Embassy, on Saturday L«XI, i t s it k_ mm.The cooipani** «;si AeaetaoU a* the rte£iineotal roims at ten o'clock A M . at wt.in tuna notice mk be given as to in* plnce of formation.*1e!o and staff mounted.The hard, color bearer and general .guides will report to the Anjntant at the same ume and piace.By order of i> orge Lyons, i atonei.C. V. BI 4UVELT, AdjutantThe rsnte will he as fol'ows—Throagh Bfttery plaw %t » Broadway, taroifh Broadway to Grand ti eet, throagh Grand ttrret v> the Bowery, thmogh tht pjwery and Fourth avenue to and arotmd Tnion square to BroadK.y, down Brcs.ila ay to the Metropolian Rot?),trooui OR:>nR9 TO 207.The kf"t-o'oli'an police force detailed by general ordertoMAvor Wod yesterday, and will probably remain to witness ihe Japanese oflicial reception.The sitmmahtp Montecello, Capt. Gager, which arrived yotterday moraing from Washington, D. C., brought oa abcut forty tons of 1 'ggage belonging to the Japanese, which will be forwarded to the Navy Yard.TBE JAPANESE AT PHILADELPHIAOUfi PHILADELPHIA CORRESPONDENCE. PniLADmrHu, Jane 13,1860.ing, I taw two or three of them wandering outside of their pn-Rcr i.''. ti.ji.ijiianes this atteiuoon.It it stiii tutended that the Embassy is to leave Phlla- delphi for New York on Saturday morning next, aid it m to be Lupe.d that this arrangement will u >t bu diverged ft cm The sw&riby band walk abroad less iK.re taaw the; nid In Washmstan; but thoy are taken out in twos aad threes in carriages on shopping excursions very fra- qu»ntty.I a,c glad that lam not a Japanese—that I am not a pur. pot in the banc* of tne'Committee o! ute Council ati a of this city; ttai 1nav;- not to supply a husurea and itty aotcgrapl.s a day to men, women and chUdrrn. who look at me as If 1 were a wild beast that they consiuered per- fectly barmlers; that when I am lying in bed of a morn inr, or shaving, or writing a few notes, or otherwise real irg or working in my own bedroom, I am not invaded byNo. 30a to perform escort and guard duty on it><$ occasion Ooctrp for the Croud—fommg'i Popularity—Tht H raid dozens of tvrangeiB who open theooor and look in,andof the rec.utHin of th* Upaneee ! nbawr in th» city ofNow York, on letb inet, are enjoin-• l to strictly enforcethe reqa!reme->U of the orders of G-:n»ra' 8aa 1?ord, (Ge-aoral orders Nr. %) In keeping all u . streetn uid plac»s,the Jfbundaiu/r. of It—Xb?%mt/"s Cora InamorxUi—Uis wheu they have inspected me and my arrangements, inclu- Annoyance at the JUnstraHms of the \c uspavers— Visit ding my coat and trowaers, my pipeand tooacco, my razor and btuah, and irk.land, and all my other visiole 601*018, lo the Mnt—fhe Sketch Hook of Sammo»ii—&e-:eption qf turn round and cooiiy walk out again; that when I rtfaaethroagh which the lino e* tnnroh e1.tec 'is, clear of peole Officer* of the Navy—yomtuit tf the Crowi Inspection a committeeman's Invitation to visit sonic plate Iand vehicles "from carb 'oe-nrb " tf Public BuildiMfii—ffreat Ittfuac of Utrano-n—Bejix- Bvoty noma who th*i-^i. i«> p'->J order .^nr-ag tbsparade mnat be htataati" ft" «if.t!, r.n<i M»e r-n n4« r h i i liflm, die., <£c.• custody at the neatf* M'->?bjoirnrfi acer th« sm- rade n orar, and than V dl-y •-* ,-.: VJH>-: ., M ,« -•JOHN A. KKXMT»V S -per-nt^ndent. PABX rAansrraa, ImrytximrBy order afj F. J * rVxii.g,f^a-t-aa of .fertrt Committaa,CH«hIi-' Q. COBNFT.I,•suirntAc of CommitUa on K. >pt)co aad Arrangement,^ , , P r 9^ M ^ • } ^ • ^ -fcUa they are of an amusing character I will, there- ion, not eschew the mention of trifles, bat descend from my pedestal and goseip with the crowd. The philosopher, r he be grave, Is voted a bore, sad sober wisdom it at a discount. As aa Instance of this look at Tommy—tha wtid, thoughtless boy of the Japanese Embassy. He at- tracts r e - a attention wherever he goes than ail thePBTLADBirBu, June 18,1R60The Japxnese at the Academy ofMutio—jM Ftrformanot— LuAicrou* Mistake tf the Audience—Appearance of the Academy of Muzic—Description of Che Piece* Played—Vocal Part of the Entertainment—Feat* cf Legerdemaim' The Eiquette of the Japanese, etc, «ee.Let it be noted as sa important event, wofAhy of a pro-minent record to the world's history—our Astatic visitershave for the first time witnessed a theatrical perform-ance. Tbe " barbarians," who have for centuries resistedintercourse with the civilized, have been formally intro-duced to one of the most prominent institutions of a Chris -•T THB SXC.XKJtiBT.The eacHement hi ragart to the noaptiOB has pervaded wise men his country pat fgetber. Toe secretall ehnnaj, aad h • dMp'»> . rtaalf in many ways, bn of lab) is his manner. H* is the magpie •biafly in that peculiar faatara of Now York aenaaUona— of bis pany, aad, like our own msfplss, the tBTeatfcm of atyba called by the u name which mien generally rules the roast. His fan-e precedes him la his U e boar," aad the p'otam* of the same patent adjective travels, sad yon win find him the two of New York when to everything whtob will admit of the innovation. Japa- he roaobea that city. I coaaidor myself almost the author nese plays have been grvoa at our thoatrea, major and of his celebrity, for bis name first appeared ia type, aad,mwttehthe''guestsofthanation,thedMinguiahsd hewasfirstremarkedupon,in my totter describing theig sad whitening department, the milling room aad tbeweighing balance. They then entered tba Assay office,where, in tbe presence of the Japan ~ only, a aomserof their coins were submitted to certain testa, whtob didoot, however, amount to a complete assay. Simme the strangers to-night Several thousand men were toi,*' have been mada aajridiculoat as at the PhUa Belpbia "rooeptloa;" Jap«a*ne jokea have shaken theEmbassy t arrival at Washington.tiaa community, have received their flrst Instruction inthe gsudy tinsel ot the stage to the city of Pena. Ia , Boojsen No-Kami wanted a whole cobang submitted lo tho the ttse, including forty engine companies, tte machinesprootas, sad the proportionsofgold, diveraadcopper beautifully illuminated sad adorned, aad the streets the descendants of him who aasdo treaties by the estab- made known to him. Bat this demand perplexed thelishment of good faith sad the exhibition of porky sad hu- mility, now bind them with puppet shows sad voluptuous exhibitions of tbe limbs of ballet dancers.After math trouble experienced by the Naval Oommte-Stan m overcoming tho social scruples of the chief AmHerrelativesandfriends, aadthose ofher sonsEs*- Bezcr aaa Leonard w~. Klime, are respectfully invited to attend bbe luaerai, from tb* lesideitoa of bar son in law, Ja*. Johasoa, ku« ittgh tueet, oa aaaday aftorsooa, atYesterday, at tae matinee, a lady presented him with a md-s of the m?rry aw" -r;t at the miosfela', and are bouquet, upon which he stood np sad made her a palliamass of pyrotechnic fire. The Japaaeae evinced mackaa langhlor pacvokiag at -he -'by oar artist' sketches in bow. On the same evening, at tho hotel, be was favoredt»ssuo.—In Brooklyn, on Friday, June 16, SASAS E , ,au>r ol John W and r'i.ztoetn Btegui, ag1 - 4 years.Mas Ulastraoai pepam Tbo^apaaaas have tven fa'len mm (bo tender denda of lecturers—those learned teachers af facta whieb every oaa knows. Japanese oharactera have taken the piaoot of the Syrian armorers, the R m- •ma gnamakera and the stereotyped heroes aad feerciaeaaf the Boveiettea, m taa veokhes; aad the hoya^thosa atirp stramy walej: show the directioB «f the wind of POAWkur fballag-a/f rampaat a.th hoaia adorned withwith a second bouquet, which he carried about withbad a mounted Imitation of "Tommy," to tbe shape of aU B.athssadoAday*.l a e Meads o< toe tamHy a'* invited to atton l to* fune-CsTieaiais baa transformations loothpicfca, halves,smooch Tommy m vary particular about tha speOiog ofwho accompanied tbe officers—their siJiitttrtta not allow^PO't of a pistol, and otu going down stain I ascertain ed Urn the weapon a question had been Area b r ^ S t e rLc .'. bosarc. , of tads oily, ta tit* 47th y*ar of aer age. procession, beautifully decorated with Japaa aad Axaer- i iAasaa—Oa rikiay, June 16, SABAH FBASCBB, wits oflean flass, the engines all having steam up, blowing j Crams Parker, adopt*! daagbasr ot Wuhnm D B»ra*a, to bar 81st yeartheir whutlu sa they passed tko Hotel tor tte benefit of Ike frisada are isspsotfaily tovtted to atteni to* rone- tte Japanese. Tte wiadows, roofs sad baioaatos of IMI, ce ScBday afternoon, at two o'clock, from bar i*teroai-ottfamihar artisans, sold St• - ^ rmral rtotora buy aaU Near Yorkers avald, bni toched to the 'iUltoastraitaod. newspapers tor not maxing mmtog them to mix together on public occasions—sad la thebungOBgly dtoposed of. lbs servants were placed'in ese, uncertain sa to what might follow/andMTearibw'a jtdf Afgaaaaaaah aa*^^•^J •*,»w«t>««toBBtaa ju-ge artoos desasxtAftd asm avtosr of taa ratrst are ; lx f«ct>rtf to their r s o s g | u tonka*. Oottade of U*m Y at*, wtotrtet kseva mOBAhwswf to taose shorn ihey so unsuspToooniy 'perseoll isaaaaxbty xrort; but he thinks, x*arsmstoadtof, tha Xcey ustei to aueobvetyaad watt am attitude tTAVLOB-OB tanrseny m*rntos. J*a* Id, *t tbe resi- tt^variousttoreawd other places, taeprtampaTltotoJ all day In parities up to leave to morrow No receptions dence of Mrs. Dawes, No M-6 EMS Msasssaata street,•sBsBber sentorat aad QesaaaisAtreJ/ i aes boao tardlgr lest, aatoxga i•vrsareawaii ffpar Btrafy to be iwvw^sBtoretr, NewtVA W; mii ft £*!^f **v»,b?*•"•»*«**••-P*-*"rasa*)v*ejdeeadon't can< about seeing, I am not threatened with having my brad cut oil', or with a whipping, and hunted up sad down till, ui sheer helplessness, I consent, and goTridoB monopolise a large share of this world's atten- die. ly I am glao, I any, for these reasons, that I tion ; i eople like to hear aad tam about them, especially not a Japanese; ana with these reflections I conclude.him ia a vary ladylike manner indeed. I saw htm bassadors against tbe Embassy attending the tJ"*«TlisalBefore taking tbeir departure they ware showa a bronze mulatto dressed up for the occasion, oa tbeir machine meoal, struck off «in commemoration of their visit It isc", "The j!'1 who wou'd,'' andovt'r thai of^te otte», d (tired for heaven or hsD, according to the th > yta^to night tbe psrttootora af the samy, but shall do sa"Tte,lrl who would cot" I asked him far aa exptosa r-»s of Chaplain Sinkten or more lenient Christie->*Jeflarsea Medical ColletsTHE J A P A N E S E . concsa" ai(ht rating with aa instead c( reoatvisg oar : M CI these remarks, aad beeal^auaed me withi the to- The comedy of the "Rough Diamond" seemed to afford The crowds that foilcw taa iadrvidual saeioanal name/ v«ts Tao Influx of strangers into the dty ror the last three or four dajs has btea v«-y grea*. tha hotela are o\ crcrowded, and among their gncsu may bo foaad representatives from all ceetlons of tea country srrivlng "to tea the Japanese," and a sttll greater crowd Meipected. It Mnotmeablethatinihe Jijan«»e/w<jr« thef^aaLoa tea; Tao girl wbo would ' was wtl liafto SOBe of them an Intake amonat of amusement, sspeetody the Embassy who veatore oat oa foot are worth lithotomy upon a aairy him and o to Jsftn. asd that 'Thegirlwho the acticg of Mia John Drew (although by no mesas her tn<>} lag It ia smosteg to stand aad see the pask affc best) and Claik Mrs. Drew's rapidity ot movement aal wo^.o nwt. was one by whom he had been equaJy raaei-ho. nds rushing upon tbe victim, as tf tbey totoaded to worry him to deatb, sad then to watch htm as be effects bis eseape by darting tote saaaa aitosktof store, wbtok tbey surround) bat cannot eater. Notwitbatsadtag tbe exertions of tba cay whtoh the first and third and other chief seen of the Embassy had gene through, they v eniaML,batwhowas,B6verta kss, aawidiag » ' « • " _ league, snd earnest gestures, ware doobtlesa consider >dtcate his attact moot and jonraey with htm w the far offby them as a capita) burlesque oa some or their Wash ltgtcn friends tommy wore a serious took, as If ha was ^bdiavoritg to catch the meaning of what was said.aaapatoto.lana w ha nativity. Ea gallery ot portions » meda upirj'ii*lv tf ca;icatuie*; ho is, htiwaver, I am aa^py to#ay suiKers ol ih« inbnticn to perpetrate SBeb. He flourished a pair of dark eottoa gloves sad aa tot pat through a coarse af lormaltties to the evening. AllA tie of police will guard either aide of tae carriages escort to the Embassy from the hotel u tha :it/ Hall. by a display of his usual rashness in running I am glad that I am not a Japanese for more reasonsThe Eighth Itrgimont will form around the carragea and a t at Gaard of Honor.lb* Firs* Wvaio* New Ywl *ate Militia, under the comi of Major Geo. Sea iford, pursuant to the fol- iowtcg orders —Mayor Wood has suggest»d to tha Com nlttoe of An aoge- ments that some measures should be taken ;a order n avoid tee tremendous crush watch is expected at tha official reception. When the Mayor received Praeiu-jit Buchanan, upon his return from England, in 1356, tieto the brink ot the roof and looking over into the college g; _unds bcLt-atb. The loof is nearly flat,and presents an ei-r n leguhtr surface of stonework, to tb- >.'. re was no difficulty in walking over It A contequei .•- o>- this was mat the Japanese and tha crowd scatters and Cam wander J »,e had great trouble In gathering tue former U'^etber again.than 1 mentioned yesterday If 1 were, what little self esteem I possess would rapidly forsake me on overhear- ing the remarks of those who might come to stare at me. I am cot partial to having the toformation forced upon me that I am no better than a nigger, aad occasionally to hiar1Naw YORK, .Ida* 13. I860. J crowd was to immense as to completely nullify tho c'Toot Afiti- tha ;hey were taken to ano'ter bullutrg In the words bandied from mouth to mouth to the effectmunity when they have tbe work to hand, and refrainby all tbe means in tbeir power lrom either annoytag RBJP. to Mas CABOLISB H , eldest daughter of Mr. vitas.»arrival a' the Japanese Exbaswy in Kew York will of the recaption, aad the same thing has occurred before, i place on Saturday, the lcth ins'., on which day theco.'Ugc grorLds, use<i at the residence of the t- ""iers and that I am an ocranoutang. I should not like to a number of tbe pupils. Th*y were then led i; use adutiy plot of ground to look at some boss SKiugtog. hear city councilman and their frienls using soch Thej were her.1 jostled Dy an Immense crowd, got ted to expressions with regard to myself and country- eirltf »»nt vv th.> detachment of furies in the form uf theCOJBOR, all of tha etty.SAXZ- Powxns —Ia tbto city, oa Wednesday, JOB* U,Albany paper! please copy•SVMMSI win parade upon the BtWc.-y for their reception, at eaa o'eleak P. 11.l b avoid mterr option, the Flrot brigade wit' approaeh she tntteiy tbrewgh Waanington street; th* sococl i Greenwich street; tho laird through WhitehallC,andtie Poctn tnro |h Broadwty.njaaa ensnaaaadaat of brtgada will direct an offlser ofhas ttaff t> report tor •r«e'» to the Divwioo taapectrtr. at •b* north taa of the tastery, at a quarter to one o'clock M las at the reception of General Cass, anl twefore the Mayor suggests that police be stationed at tho door* of the Hall to exclude all persons not otnoially oounectei either with the cry government or the Embsssy, o as >o make the reception strictly official. The Governor's Room #iU hold only about two hundred and fifty poraous, aad the number who have applied, for tickets of admtision alrea-those august strangers or making themselves riiiculous PBTIADKLPHU, Jane 14, 1660.her grandfather, Juaiah Fiall, No. 1C6 Eldrldge s root, oa prying crowd, who endeavor to Intercept my inurements ot comparatively m or importance during their stay to Second day, 1Mb it : , at eight odock A. M. The re-dy exceeds two taouiaad, aad the Clerk's and Mayor'sThe Traaf* of Bona of the Seventh and eighth regi- oi&oas have bean thronged for days past. Tho Mayor iLB'iuciion and entertsiment, exospt rg the before men-aaeata will rojsort to the Divunoa Inepwtor at to j Battery therefore suggests that tickets of aduissioj bo iwaod tioned pc icemen and five thousand citizens, theat one o'oleok; aim the Elghtn regiment immedtaiely after lb* arrival el tao Third brigade, not no. 1*1 >r than half- paatoaaa'aiook P. af.TM tine of Baaroh wilt bo op Broadway to Grand street, through Grand street to tae Bowery, op the Biwery and fborta avenne to Colon ot'tre and around Union ortoare, pay sag the honors of A •sarchmg aaleta to theAmMeea- ebwa, who wtli he stationed aa a n.au'orm on the west side Of the square The march wiu continue l >wo BroadwayThe co'Sttjitoe have not deoided whether oi not to a topi this t^^etuoa, but this measure will probably not be eater oed.MISCSlXAKBOtrg.We yesterday Inadvertently gave the name of theogbt between which must have been to the .Ja,.rtte a sight by no means likely to elevate tht tr opinions or tbe Philadelphtans—I will not say of ourteives, for it a to be hoped these things will be n.an«ged better when they come to New York.Tbtir m i t *ot after locking at tbe boys swing'nr (aa edifying sight, "ruly) was to enter their carriage;, and they were driven straight back to the hotel, where they ar>>ved at twenty minutes past fixat every step, and who pester me with demands for every article of personal property I possess, c on to my swords and my morning dressing gown, and w no will acceptor no refusal of tobacco and autographs, but insist upon those gifts with a pertinacity which wearies mo into compli- ance. I am glad, I repeat, for all these reasons, as well as those named in my last letter, that I an not one of the Japanese Embassy quartered in Philadelphia.Thte morning th* flrst and third Ambassadors, and asuite or five, left the hotel at half-put nine o'clock to visitthe Mint It will be remembered that they had an inter-view with the director of the former institution yesterday,when It was arranged that they were to repeat their visitto day with respect to the currency question. When theyarrivedattheMtotyesterdaymorningtheywereusheredinto the room of the director, who gave them a very long and very formal address of welcome, which ho oeuohad In the following words:—1 sm happy to see your Excellencies at ths Mtot of tbe United States The President has directed me to exhibit to ycu in the fullest manner the operations of coinage, as they are executed In this national institution, and also to afford you every facility to enable you t > understand our system of money sad accounts. It wiJ gVe me great pleasure to comply with these instructicos. Besides giving you an opportunity to witness our usual operations, we will alio, in your presence, ss I am informed such Is your desire, melt and aisay several of tne ge'd and silver coins of your country, which you heretofore placed in the hands of the Treasury Department at the city ot Washington. A proper uECersta&iing by usof the metallic currency of your Interesting empire, and by you and your government of our constitutional currency, wal tend to promote com- merce and friendly relations between tie. We can scarcely hope to estaDlish any system of international coinage, but I mav venture to express the wish, that it may be found uselnl and judicious for your government to adopt the same fineness in the coinage as is adopted by the United Saies, snd ts also used by most of tbe governments of Europe and America; that la to say, a fineness of nine hundred thousandths, or nine-tenths. Ic other words, nice tenths of pure gold or silver, snd one tenth of alloy, or inferior metals The disproportion between the rela- tive value of go) • and silver In your country and the Uniu d States Is verj great snd rema'kab:'; bit it will doubtless yield to tbe equalizing InuVenoes of the trade and commerce which It is expected will spring up Between our respective nations. This intercourse, it is also hoped, will advance the prosperltv and bapplnees of Doth. As the Ambassadors of a olstsnt empire, with whom my country desires to cultivate tbe relations of peace aad frienc&blp, and to encourage the refining and elevating Influences of a mutually advantageous com xteroe, I mostcordially welcome yon to this national institution.When this bad been translated by the President's sad the imperial interpreter, Simme Boojsen No Kami uttered a few words of thanks. I may here mentiori, for ti» bene- fit of all who are likely to be brought into official ooanec- HOD with tbe Japanese, that they will do well to study sa much brevity and aa little circumlocutton aa poaslble to tbeir speeches to them, as tbe bare fasts only are commu- nicated to them by tbe interpreters.Tbe Ambassador to Cbtof took the profierred arm of tbe director, sad the tour of tbe Mint b-'gan. They were first conducted to the mehmg rooms, where a bar of California gold was shown them. They toentffiod that country to the words," 8an Francisco, same place I". They were next tec into the rolling and cutting department, where both processes sad the machinery there m use were ex- £lamed to them. Tbey were successively shown ihepoUsh-this country, and are anxious to see tbe great city Of which they beard so muck before they left their native tend.This wsa most clearly exemplified to a remark of oneof tbe officers, made this afternoon. He wss anxious tomaius wul be take.. o Purchase, W stch' «er oaaty, for interment, by fiariem Railroad. TJLOc^s leave at 10.lt AM.Brsrajttjrx —On Friday, June 16, F usiisaKW w , eon at C Header aad Begia* Bason nana, »ged 1 year and 7 daya.lheralativaa ana friends of tbe famJy are raoe-t'il.yCtloce! of the First regiment, New York State tfiiitia, astoCbaaJ itreet, upon raaehtng which ptia* the division Ool. Price. Pending the adjustment of the ou)i:u!ty m In tbe evening the public were admitted freely letothtknow how msay miles they bad to travel to reach New laviled to attend the funeral, from tko reslien-se of tietrill form Baa on the west rioe of Broaowav, ngot on Oa- aa. street, where they will remain anti! the Embassy DM arrived at the Matropolttan HoteLThe Batlsrj and the line of march hi hereby designated tm the dtvMoa parade gronada daring the parade, and the asjeets moat bo kapt clear rrom curb to carbThe iAsaseaaat Colonels will remember that when the Oiaima m at eamata, each of them m roaponalble for pre. •ontag tbn miei inl batwaoa bio own hoAtaitaa aal thn oao immortbrtory preoedtog, and their attention in parti-cnlaiiy mailed to the partormanco of this dnty.Brigadier General wKtaa will (Hrect a salute of seventeen fanstobofiredfromthe Batteryopentaear-va!of themtiagerie, and an exhibition of the transparence took place, at ibe rxpecfe of the city fathers, at one end of the mam corridor, which was darkened for the purpose. Several of the lepresentatioos were positively silly and lil-do»e, and ibe remainder ocnrlsted of simple views, namelj—Monument rqriare, Baltimore, ai> optician'sparent*, No 67 We*t Twenty eighth street, ou <iiadaj af Urnocn, at tali past one o'clock, to Latberaa Cemetery.CABFBSJX—OnFnuay morumg, Jon* 16, Mutr Asv. wife of Jav.es Campbell, aged SS years.In* luntiai wdl take piAoe from her late resiiesce, No. 31 West lento street, ontiuaoay alternoon, at bail past on* o'clock.Dublin papers phase copy.Caapoiaa—at Port Chests*, N. Y ., oa Friday, June 16, DA.NIXI CABFXirran, in the 63* year of hi* age.The friends aad relatives of th* lamuy are respeot*-i!i>- tance cf tbemetropolis to tbewelfareof thenation,to tovttedtoattendthefuneral,caSundayafternoon,ato.atbe eyes of strangers? As Jeddo ia to Japan, so is New o'clock, from bis late reekteixe.bark ca board the steamer at rder No. 1. at half pint e'ght o'clock A M . for tao purpose of fi ing a iimj!tr eilute •pom the raceptton of the Embassy at Amboy.i amt d far tho Embassy sad suite to leave the Metropoli- The next momrat, however, there was a general tan Hotel and proceed in open carriagea up Broadway to ruth at tbe otuortnnate Orientals, who were asked to 1'iliy•ninth street, have a arlve around our beautiful, aye, give their actcgrspbs; pencils and cards were tbrust intoYork to America.The people of this city deserve much credit, however,Vajft- Genera' at rta'f pat' e e m o'clock A MBv (waer of Charles W. 'Hnf^rd, Major Geueral Commaading. GEOR^S W. MOREIL. l"vitii>o Engineer, acting rivir.on Inspecior.Taa erticis for tie special eatflrt are as follows — W*1W«GT<},< (iKjfiS— (iE»lUL»i. OKIiKU XO 7It; resident*, from Union square to Yorkvllle, to catch do nothing bat comply, so tar as they wore able. TheEa*iH,' AHrsn* Etiura I.W.IM^M ti. Y a'. Tioor 1 Nsw VokK, JiiuO i3, t>v.J. )upon their minus that Philadelphia is at least, to some ex- tent, a valuable municipality, to spite of the peculiarities of im inhabitants.When reierence was made to thteeorreflpoadenoe to tbe unfortunate disturbances attending the reception, it wss not intended lo decry particularly the people of tola city. As an account of the unpleasant events was strictly to booed by the local press, it was considered a matter of national policy that the public of New York—which doubtless comprises tbe impolite element as largely as that of Philadelphia— should be warned egainst a repetition or like soenes of annoyanoe to toe distinguished vielurs; for all who have bad the experience—moat effectually ac- quired by the slow processional ride to sa open barouche on Saturday last, throagh streets thronged by a vast mul- titude—must acknowledge that this country does cisutn a "rabble''—sa unpleasant and foreign designation for a free people, it is true, but still one which unfortunately has an sppiioation.As to tbe truth of tbe narrative there is no question. The unfortunate occurrences of that day have been the source of universal comment and. regret The reporters of the press who participated in the parade do not deny them, while tba editors who are so indignant only viewed the procession from their sanctum windows at Third and Chestnut streets, at which point tbe gathering -ras most respectable. If toe editors of this city wish to obtain correct information regarding insul's to the EmDassy, I refer them to Capt. Porter, to whom they made for aal complaintT E L E G K A P H I C .PBox/asxrau, Jundlo, I860.To day tbe Jepsnese visited the Custom House, Corne- lias & Bakers extensive chandelier manufactory, and otter places of Interest.The servants have been erg»gsd all day packing up. Their apartments w e kept strictly private.This evenitg tte Mayor bad a private interview with tte Ambassadors aad bid them farewell. Coagratulatory speeches were made oa both sides Tbe Ambassadors expressed themselves pleased with tte visit, having ob totoed much valuable information.year of nei age, a native of Patladelph'.a.Her friends, and those of her htiaeead, are respectfsllytovited to attend tb« fuaerai, lrom her tote raadcte, Hi l t 6 East Eleventh etreet, tills (Sa.oraSy) afier: owe, at two o'clock.I hiiaueipnia papers please copy.DREW —In this city, on Thursday, June 14, J t i i i , relict of William Dicw,aged 58 years, il months snd 21 days. the friends and relatives are invited to attend her fune- ral, lrom her teto residence, 210 Cherry sire*t, ou clunity aitcrnooj, at two o'clock, a*r reuiaiaa wjii he usee toGreenwood Cemetery ;or mtcrment.FALLOS —The friends of THOMAS L. FALLOS, af 178 Wlliam street, are respect.ui y mvited to attend his fucaral, at hoa resic'nce, ic xiuth Biockiyn, ^n lento »v m=. he tweea FliUonih to.U Sixtieaui sueets, on j&ni.y sricr- soos,atlwoo'ck>ck. -=*LooKwooo.—on Aburoday w.cmiag, JOBS }*, ELau ?.. wile ol L S. Lockaood, in me «3d year of her age.Tbe friends and relatives o? the family are Teepectfui'y invited to attend the IUUUai, frcm her late residence, 145 Eaat Fill} third street, Uda i^baturday) aftornben, at toree o Ciuck, Miinout lufltur Loboe.AtAca —Oa Tuesday, Jci.e 19, at Selma, Lx , Joint B. MACS, .gee ,t years and b mesths, sea of tte lam Joea Mace, «i it: city.HUJOS-'»n fhuiBday, June 14, after a lingering ! nets, Miiu ,n J. HiLioji son of Bobert Hi,ion uf Culia b*et, near Bniiymen*, Daiaiiu, aged 26 yearsTit fer i^.i win tase ri*^" ' - r* tho Grand ro*et (Rev. Dr II <• I ' S ) r -t • . .- m ,>and a i l Crosby tut -i*, tt* ,^at'— •.*, i .. • i~ i.*i hsl* \-.% niL-r o'clock, ine i ...(*.. » v.U' • i»«- ~ « ,!•.• ut-<ju\ Cemetery lor tii v. i ru«. b i.K/M-(xit.,i»,J*i •»,ANivAjot,da^hlerol fi.r viw i>i • ft.. '.i i naa*, i.» J ,ut ui treaty Du;iis, Ir*-:i • - atvea aad frieccs of tot family are respenfully lt.t r - io atteoa tte tunerAl. on Sunday aftoraooa, at one o > • -trom l'a MAoifeKi street.Dueliu tapers sueas* copy.Kxci. —An ooagesUoB o. tne braia, YABGXXII, daagfa- ter of Jottpk and Ellen L KeUy, aged 1 ynar aad II daysit<e l.-ends of i t s family are reapaettakj .ovned to aiu-i.- to* tuner*!, from oer fathers rondenoe, 164 Spring street, oa Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock. Eh*will be interred to ureenwoodKiata— In Brooklya, on Friday moraing, JIB* 15,EUXABATB, widow ot tne totolnoanrdKasss, in tae 90ta year ot n«r age.regard to Mr. Smith's claim to that office, Lieut. Col. Devlc has actei as Colonel, and will perform the duties of that officer at Urn parade to day.York—a question ttey frequently ask—and bow many boars."You'll not like New York u much ss Philadelphia," said s CouncUmaa."Ah 1" the sharp Nlpbonesb exclaimed, to a tone one would use to intimate "you are envious,' "Japan, Jeddo! America, New York:"Aa aa lndicetloa of the popular feeling lu regard to theJapanese celebration in some quarters, wt Had tae fol- anop in Fhila-*i iphia, and Mount Vernon, r. • aaadaoflowing commnnicat.on:—TO nut xzuTOB or ixtn BBUIA.Some of your oorraapondenm seem to be greatlyCtcoral Wa*hu,t>n and Wiuiam Tenn rewpoct • ;iy were inrrodnoed at tb» l«st,and'at the words, "the ex ifbltion Is BOWover," froM tbe exhibitor, tbe Ja panesa spootaioesWhat words could more eloquently describe tbe impor-alarmed for fear of losing tho chant of viewing tho Ja- rose from their seats to ascend to their own rooms,jat-eneEmbassy. They say BroAiway ia tooconfined. snd the general audience, at the cry of "Make Bsebaasv Ee will also detail a se?ti> n of artli:«ry to em- i would simply soggest that an appointed day should be way for the Embassy," fen bask to disorder.CosaiDDra.—On Friday, June 16, Jaasb Coxsi \«, tn ts« B3d year of tit sge.ThedlvFiob sUrt'n;'l asnrmsle «t the quarters Of tiia uartiling Park, and thus afiord ample scope for ah the their faces by a hundred different hands, and they couldBis frienoji, aao OMfriends of t.s brotter, M J C.'. - for having attempted to do their best for tbe honor of ths dine, are respectfully invtted to attend the fuaeral, it J country. The books of the secretaries of tbe Embassy (Saturday) a'terncon, at two o uiocc, from tbe residence cf btt brother, No. 18 Monroe street, without fu-ther no-a sight of them; servo the Princo of Wales tne same, *r.d the Great Eastern we will ail go and see, under the •mrrersioi. that the Central Pa. K lake will not contain her. Upon such an occasion as this, undoubtedly, the nit recants would gladly afford their employes an oppor- tunity iu brea he too puxe air of the Park anil satisfy their cur.cfliy wlia a glimpse of cur Oriental friendsAmbastacore, I cannot but think, are sensible fellows to shut themselves np when they know the fate of their sub-ordinal es.A far grestar number of strangers are admltte 1 into thedormatortal regions of the Japanese in this city than was the caso at Washington; bat, at the same time, the Japanese am more strictly confluel to one quarter of the hotel, scd S K less open to the public eye generally thanare filled with valuable information, obtained from a per-sonal Inspection of Ibe largest manufactories and mostnoted inetitntiorjB. Nothing hai been neglected to Impress Ass Ccx, tte beloved «ae of lereaoe Cox, in toe 2Ciatbiid la rank, attended byturn himself lilies out, and a coaic pantomime, "Vol aa T eat," closed the performances at six o'clock.This entertainment, though of a pleasing character, might have beta made more Imposing. Soma of the Ja j-stese regarded the comedy and pantomime with favor, while others asd the more intelligent seemed to look npen the childish amusement aa lard Palmerstoa would a fight for the charepkatbtp—enduraMe but not to be en* courtged. They would have been much more pleased with aa entire performance of opera, aad it would be well t~. give them such sa entertainment ia New York. Ia doitg IO be BAEured that yoa would r.ot be introdudnf boor* nor clowns into the fashionable circles of year Academy. These '•barbarians'' can nae the lorgnette and assume all tbe manners of the moat experienced ha- lilt.it. An occasioial use of their tiny pipes is tbe only brt sch of our etiquette, but that does not even constitute ansoBoytnce. Let U Iman give them one of his grand operatic entcrtamments by all meansgimg tbe Jspssss* were capable of to gala access to tbeir apartments Too msay people by half were admitted be- fore the reception oommeacedThe committeemen of Philadelphia are evidently mak- ing a show of their Oriental visiters, sad not studying their oomfortir tbe least, aad U it were not for tne protec- tion secured to them by toe Naval Oseasskatoa, I would not frosrsatoe either tbe health or tba kvea af the gassto of the city. Tbe ponce of the place alone are a sttadtog disgrace to it, and they alternately amuse tketawetvosby 1idicnling the Japanese sad las Conccllmes, and DUDying Ibe crowd. Philadelphia is sadly deflcieat in good manners. There were present at Ua reception, Simme Boojsen No- Ksml and Ogura Bungo No-Kami, both of whom remained i eatod oa a sofa during the reception. Ike second 1 ape-tte same as the North Amcrlosa tort toss, wka, according; to a mvorita sad wall eetabiabed ttsoty, s«to asm* frosa Japaa by o*ing blown off inn Camssa Jfak upaa the Or*. gen coast Tbe CekswAate, tostoadaf hesaSBSMassail!arized by sassBssmBBBS with tte Contmeetal Betel, where toed are stopping, s s would be natnrally i upasesil, are to toot becoming more and more aatonMhed'at its tauaeaae SIM and the costly manner in whtob tbatr quarter* are fitted an. Silk, erape and lace window curtains, Turkey car- pet, gold sad crimson divans, tbey bad bees sscastomed to aaeiag all their kvea to tba Palace of tta Tycoon, butaever supposed that earthly aaartete woaM daseawpwe t j such a luxury. Whoa told that tts proprietor of ton bouse bad five more aearly aa largo sa thte, shoaled la differ* nt parte of tbe United States, that hshed some four. teen 1 undied persons employed altogether , that there were tress two to tares thousand persons stopping ail tea while to the different betels, that tha waa all under to* mssBtsmiBtcfoaoatogteman this ttay fears fraakiy admitted tbey esaatoer tae meet wooderful of sayttuag ttey have ever seen or beard of to tbe way of busmen.A large fire is ragirg to Evan's machine shop, corner cf Bread and Quarry streets. It originated rromtoefire- works this evening. Tte fire is sUll raging.aids, gavea reception to theTbeir conduct in pushing people about was a diegraoe to pleasure inferior to their stotioa The only drlauKv is lhe esgtavlBg represented those dignitaries to fail sUtothe city, and nothing leas than brutish. They moreover that these wise men of the Asiatics are showa '.ho play- costume, including the bead gear, snd numerous halbertCCBIblued grnsa impudence with more than savagerouth- ners. I QO'iced tbe outisg<-oos proceedings of these rtflisnson the day of the Embassy's arrival, aad it fur prised a ? virj much that any city whoselnbabltantsBfo- fess civilization should tolerate such an abuse of autho- rity.Nothing worthy of note took place beyond what I have mi i.tloned <n the passage throagh the several rooms. This inspection beir-g over, tbe Japanese were conduotod la t- mi rarkness up tome flights of narrow brick steps to a tfsi> door, through which they emerged into open day- Lghtonthe rtof. If almmo Boojsen No Ktml, had baea at %b« party he would hardly have vtatcred on the en- terprise, but the more plebeian members of the Embassy are more coursgtrous snd inquiring in their disposition. The view fr< m the roof was very extensive, embracing tbe entire city and the surrounding prospect of land and water; but the afternoon being a little maty it tost much of lis effect. Tommy astonished every onefthings o onr children, and they naturally aupp ee thatthey are the Idols of tbe people.1 devoutly wish that they were on tbe road horn a, with tbe treaty nil tafe, sad the loss of their notes on "lis first visit to a Christian country.PHIT tnii.PHi.t, June 14, I860. Dtfcourt'ovt Remarks of Philadelphtans Before the Amtat-bearers and guardamen on foot following tbe carriages.Now, It is OBaeoresary for me to say that the Am basesdors arrived to Philadelphia to their usual costume,which Includes no bead covering, sad that not oaa day, June 6,by tba Bev. B> 6 Boa. Li-tits M.pchcemen, who pothea them into every variety of diaor- <vr. Alictt^tber the visit to the Girard College was one c n , i ! ciscumfrrt and 1'ttle profit to them, and t r the sake ot the ti eaty 1 am glad that the Ambaasadon were not among the vlsters, for they would have *>nfered annoynice eiouth to disgust them forever wi u the Qnaker City. Nothing special was provided for theirmen as "Come here and look at tho Kangaroos,"nor to have my personal appearance criticised sad myribs sad limbs handled as if I were aa animal or tbebovtoe class, belonging to a prize cattio show I shouldnot like to have my trowaers pullel np by strangers, sex-tons to satisfy themselves of my being made of flash and have seen sufficient of Philadelphia, sad are BO» desirous her sge.bone like themselves. Neither by tha same haads should of n.aking another move. They stem to be perfectly The relatives snd rrlends of tte family are respe^faily I like to have my breast laid bare to the vulgar gaze of a aware of the fact that they have as yet visited only towns toviied to attend tae funeral, from the tote resKteace ofemerge from the Commissioners' room, looking veryproud aad happy, aad holding la hit baan a letter whichhad just arrived for him by post from Washington. I'-was addressed to 'Tommy, Japaaeae Embassy," and was race. The chief dignitaries of the Embassy did not honor Buchanan, President of tbe United States," aad on theral, frum No. 17 dtaatou sweet, Brooklyn, on ^aauay The Embassy will be accompanied to New York by a alter ooon, at half pa*t three o'clock.written by the girl he left behind htm, and whose photo-the entertainment with their t tteadaace, with the ex-other, surrounded by a wreath of oak leaves, with a shield at tbe base, the words <« In Commemoration of tbe •wet Embassy from Japan to tae United Btotes, 18*0."graph ha carries la his bosom by day and lays near hishe Tattuah Onojere of Japan; bat tae etmrea of true love' opera to comic pantosktoe.Thcie was a slight difficulty in disposing of the servantsS ^ » . :> 1 AAAI -. .., ct of tn* ku* Coaamodore i>artter. ly itartied sa I tat to my room TM heartogime There were some tweaty fire steam engines in tbe , UL.XO (stent :,=!... us4 dangbtar of to* late ijoneralha^jwaper name, which appears la various nnrrssspmisi i mm wamaaar anises, sold « street stands toto yarioaoas ways, sad ahtotio Jindlgnaat wtth toe artists at haste of the moment the matter was very singularly sad man and lodged Itself in toe wall, npoa whloTtoeThefc f H>Mto <mTtJ1 m louw : 003 11eyes feUaw khan they do. I am sorry to saychery, drew hasword and assumed a very threatenms atti- torTT— . ***..T.** ' * - ******i ***fe **•*»»a atnanrtoosly foreiga took itmX he is not a strict observer of the BtoltoaJ injunctiontho flrst class private bor-a position of honor aad Ikeever/ building oa tbe street wars literally alive withdence, 687 Third avenue.sVaarvr.—Ca Wesaecday, Juae 16, after a toag sal ao-weto Hiaess, SABAB Moaam, th* 0*lov*d wife A W. F. Schmidt, m tb* 4lat year of her age.""•"-haws .aoaaasssd a satstarlocslv tattrm i « ^ iiui ( u i n u i i »trtt* n s w *andteaes that gathered mainly m see the Embassy gazed h. tL rtmw otmTsmTlS"* * " * ^ « - * ° » " ! was people. ia the room at toe time, aad remonstrated with tbe authorentertainment at the Academy of Music, the performance took place this aftoraooa in the presence of twenty five of the Japanese, snd mare than two thousand of our owanearly three Inches in oismcter, ball aa Inch hi thickness, at d half a pound in.welght On oae aide is a raised bust of Mr. Buchanan, around which is the inscription " JamesBnaton aao Now Jeiaty patera please copy.MCCKBL —to Astoria, Fik>*y, Jane 16, J o n Mrcxsi, of this eu>, aged 06 year*.The ir aiids aad relatives »f the family are inrited to attuBd tbe funeral, at tne rrsnenae of bhi brother ia law, Wm. A. Waisca, Mam street, Astoria, Baaaay a t o m o n , at two o'clock. The remains will be taken to Irinltyception of the fouith officer in rank, Moroota Okatoro, Ike•1 tijls u|Mkp»ssd faaaidreas^acd pillow at night. He says that she M "far mere beautiful Treasurer of the Embassy, who, for the time, took the This ia to be presented with a specimen case of Americaa panies out, ail carrying torches, throwing up Roma . temetery.•aad art At sbartsa- that >in^ cca-shoot, «Ki! Jofat .-rr » ' v place to seniority of Simme Boojsen No Kami. Nearly all toree dollar piece, a two dollar s a l a half gold piece, aroahaelIA«Finna t*JL.J baamu-r^tae F -* af u -»tba.t,„. «| ntaglc, aadoccupiedfrontseatsinthebetoony,andfromthisavail-able position viewed tae entire performance—from tragic half a foot square.even oatbereceptionoftbeJapanese. Tte processiontul'l-i Ithai be pictaro," aad that she Uvea at •'»;« Fourteenth cotes, namely—a double eagle, aa eagle, a half eagle, a candles, and burning fires to all colors as ttey march ai street.' "Do yoa know bar f" be asked ma ca of tho other officers were present, including the ^ t f t B gold dollar, a silver dollar, a silver half dollar, a quarter through the streets.•,->*•<*— In this edy, oa Tharaday, June U, at 1*1 TOOJ » .ii •t'net, SDA ABMA, youngest deaghter of fi.jth A. * -' N - • ^ - Holme, to tne fid yoar oi aer ageThe red ball of ibe Jire .--«•; j pwyatl'tko Amariaaa cajie aad frer «t ;- a £*ie uc oae occasion anxiously, sad when I replied in the Measakl, Moryama and Kowaaaki. These personages' dollar^a dime, a half dime, a three cent piece and aatekel The number of people to tbe streets wss never great, t, f'fh- '.. ramUyaie tovited toaStoad the funeral.>yr shops, negative, he appeared to be overcome with pain- t-e Ja;an- ful surprise sad disappomtmoct. alas for Tommy,• stare aadthe arttoat as some of cs may knew from experience, never did runotat. Tb sorest OBI crimson velvet hntog, stamped with-. . c • i r<-&) *> L«if past tea o'clock, without :<M1K*L-. i.... . ,U,ofl rhuraday, Jen* 14, Mrssaatob says "swear net at all," for wheaevar hearkcie which wtoaas to express ato dkassjiiilisllis to decisive upon their dignified mtoa sa most becoming to Skamesad Japanese the action of tho pistol, and did not mtead to fire Naval Committee, aad aearly all ttewtac aijestrrad by taaiateatty upon lae barber aad the seek, sad eammeatoa U rbe outrage, who sard that be was aweJy aho.ln*^he On Ike balcony of tko Continental tte Princes, Mayor,fetto* Ami Jrat ejacubttton is a (bar tottered ward aaderefl sbcas, may wasob coaveys s vary dassaatory ctosaakotostoa va sbaemhjsct of Be sppacauoa. He kaowat that d a m n:t. immediately after which! esakwdto kTtookfcbT KMaragakt, toe great No-Kama, it u due to them to aa* e P*"uTM Mod.iooitoitbtgiadtoeriecthsi escape on of Philadelphia, toclndtog a large stimber OfTko rstetrves aad ftteaea ot to* i the toner*', wttboot fanbor i111 West Thi/t) etgbu aftotnoon, at three ooioca.are lavrtod to at-(resshertoters>ttes (Saturday)tasswtoaasBxasaxis; saosBkarbiokredeems it lre«t«om Isoaweors to iha Buiaic of Its opera, and retired m mtts wiassnaioa. —mmmmworks, where at oae o'clock they witnessed tneJsxarut A. TAILOB, ag^d M years, 10 mosdfc* and 1 day daughter of Daniel tmii-ra,-^ A. Taytor, of Sekroom lake, Essex ooncty, N«a Tork.Bar rtsaates were tak-n ncm*ifor kttarmaat.VAB BsTjras —Oa Thsraoay, Jon* H.tABAS, wteef E K. V*a swarea,sged 67 ytar., >% days.atoe »*atoak this maraiag a party of my brethren visited tbe Mtot, sad bad a. i^-iaeaa , Qsassatatof the curreaey. Tb* ief *r iby ih* »i/aig«ra with surprise aad admimtio.. and .ma tathr fans they eadaawerei toskebU toaaamtoas from toe • s » » a rays eaiittoc by tha poweolnl chsadeiter.e ;?%£&? **!***1**l*t»*thwt, though holding tba most inferior positions theva.asaca easy terms. -""»*•< pretext and ware delighted.t. * e T ' J £ i p * , * k § * J*P»«we * • " been oat today TBBV Tbe Japaaeie have boea busily. ^ ^ i ^ *Taa hriUmat totortor of tksf jpelsas of maato weawhwwJ terbed . l ^ f e a s B t o ^ ^BuiBlaialtoo^No!0S i ? £ ,*£'*'•• *^°**«» 'sTeeaiBoiooeoaBd aboutentertainment,la! interpreter stood a little to their left, aad the Presi- dent's Interpreter Iminedlatoly behind tba sofa, while oa another sofa to the right sat the tb-ee officers next in rank below that of Ogura Bucgo, (he chief censor. M.nragake A wad j e No Kami was prevented foam lending his pre- sence to tbe eflair, owing to a oontinnaace oi tbe neuralgic pains to bis lace. Tae Japaaeae held out their hands lol e t every feature of the New Y orkwhatever it may be, be dignified, imposing and capable ofttr. pressing upon the m'ndi of the strangers that they aresnicng a great, aad not sa inferior race. Some may die-pate the policy of tresUBf them with so mu:h pomp sadparace, and coiWcd that, though they are the represents o tbeir owa rooma As soon *A the reception was over lives of an Imperial government, tbeir entertainmentshculd be mace to conform wtth the simplicity of our o a alcstttUioca Very true; but even tha simplicity, as It Mtermed, if properly exhibited, is gov<-ned by dignity.Tbefirit President of the republic entered into office withponp and retired with pomp—toe pomp and parade ofrepublicanitm—dignified, imposing and eba-actorisUc of ag* at people. Independence is not synonymous with im sion.podence, nor republicanism with rural simplicity. Let It ts smustog to observe the blunders which make their these men be taught that Christians sre not mountebauks, appearance in tbe newspapers of this city wtth respect tosadt-rs— TI« Embassy's Visit to the Mint - Remark* of th box, ii <ni which tbey bowed with gracious dignity hi ac- knowledgment of th* welcome tbey received. It so hap-wss one hour aad forty minutes passing the Con- ' last night, toon after half past eight, I W«Bslight- Unentol Hotel.n one of tbe bedrtoms occupied by the Japanese ball whizzed close past tbe ear of a shaven headedto-day, exospt a abort ttsao. A gross many EeammTanA to toks leave of Tommy. Tba principal ones haveso they renamed from baaf past ato* la tne merniM nti about to different places, some to toe Custom Harte, trv« m the evening witamthe preciaou oftihsMtot others went to it* glass works, others to Cornelius *1 1 1 0 0 0 *The frnadssAyi relatives m to* •aaaily, aiao of her SOB C T s s Bturen, aro rerpecuallr tovtted to sstead toe fo- taeeaAtt the hotel, anal reaeaad ta with :he grnbd overtnr* t» • Wiihas* Ted," by a pewer'- E / T i L " ^ " - ' - * * * akswar traartea of ikesr | Col. Snowden a n tare* o.asrs, from tts Mint, spent s aerai on Boaiiay afterBcon. at oae o'ctock^from her latecouple ot boara to oey lo ue Princes' room at tbe hotel IeaKJetee,corner Park a.anueaad ttuiimaa street, £**tThe performances wets commence,* at threw o clock aaikanhjeat j U>erebettra, ooasketiag ot forty five kvrormers, mcind^ . • ^ • E L . " ? " • * " *tfawWBBjTtomhTetoes. Baker's chaadoker asaanfacMry. f*wm tha other, aid thenI14 uhas. it Uonwoith s aad tao full Gwrm^aia baoda fn» M-cona act of Dr*ti«tti*s opera, "Luentto Borgia.1*, t ee t o i « S ^ . J * • ° * •kwyssas to tae hotel for tbeir— watok shoB BBB wemes tf Idt* ^*w *H days, mi from ttfctoh Samai?ai, the trua # ta« aa^tf^, o,, ^ • wastoaa performed UJ -A spr*i; stl# "arooi, as oit otrrxceiy. The result of this steady owodoa tte sasas stoadard ot fineness for their fsid aad sil#*r j WAIXB—to thto aty, on Friday Joae H, At ,*-m2%msaoram, Jgjaacad over iba sketch beak <xf Foeida jBrooklyn.of rtomas sad Mary Waite, agad It i»«rsea tba sahjeet of tbe currency. It ia understood that \ baeBeae>«i>ramartoaB to-m, ^ ^ „ - . , e U c f W j ihr jr*A .ootia assured t\ Tamaro »-. n+.nuv**. aaa th* earns « ike United Stale* ana Japan, aad will ear* currency ss that of the Untied skate* a to be sdoptod forNantu a* Atfoaso. rbe ooaatenano^ rf the j<uaaeea IremaikadttTeof Uuae * p^twrW. wbH-. K. dr.* a« I BMattaated every exmtaaion cf detght and *i-mst a*,•t i Uer 0C.O101, to vialt the making eataMwb Ttw Prestceata toserpretar,," together wltfe thev>ier imperml sad two or lata* otaerr, r*m«toee there to••-'• v'+yersv^aiinsatesao'clDok.j The friead* ot tbe family err rwpeev-ji'y invite 1 to at- tead the raaeral from hf la wcrV rreMease, "to Bro*>tSufrac?*:?.rtTfT,fcttatiee «.k/«« tho o^rtare a**J <-^rra. and gave evitoaesj »»»arfai«faAwn^^*B». ' that Untitled Document""/Bad ai jtm • iw. ;,» sxaris, abetter (bra.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069their country.Today aa ateresStof surgical operates waa ie-r(.,'aed ' way, bafw«*s "w.B»v-»to«b aad Tweaty-aaSeaU- ^taoiit Taato w t o , sasatesa Dee«n CoDeetor •cbefi.of NewYork, called oa tbe,the presents which bad aacumalsted sines their arrival tost night, sa ha way to Wt to tote etty were formally presented to them by the com to tko princes.mute* of Counotlmea, ia company with tbe Nival Com Aa ateresting fact ss to what taa lapaassa esaaider the mbsmaers. aad after that, at half past eight o'clock theyto cheat tbe sharp eyes or the Japanese by appeartag to DIM ot people, so that k aseessltatod the aardast strag- toaatosssat at saytttog, beiag to that Feasant muckbe vklters like so msay machines, sad tbey were doubt- ers glad when nine o'clock came sad tbey were led backt s Oriental quarter wss cleared of visiters, Bad so a Utile peace wss allowed to Its iababksato.Th*. Japanese dnziota to Bee (he Jeddo af Ametioa—Reptg to Jealous CuunzUmen—Rcnc-iy Demonttratim at the Reception, etc.It is clearlf evident that tbe majority of toe JapaneseEMatt.BAJOAS —On Fifth day, June 14, of teflammaiKia of thaThere was a grand torchlight procession to hoaor ofthrough which t t s pageant moved seemed like oaa grandMint men, and they suggested as the moat feasible sawthat fevers! of these corns should be melted togetherand the metal then analyzed. But this the Japaaeae ob- delight at tbe brilliant spectacle, which ttey enjoyed from two o'clock, witaeut tartber aotto*. jected to as a piece of extravagance. No settlement wsstherefore come lo, sad the Japanese went home wtth tba tte hotel balcony without disturbance Oae companymater cf the currency no farther advanced than atstorting.special committee of tbe CouncilsPBILAOBLFEU, June 16—MidnightTte firemen's torctlight procession this evening, gotten up in honor of oar Celestial visiters, wss a splendid af- fair, even for Philadelphia There were some fifty com-by tb* Rev. Samuel J Knapp, Br. Do.v MABXASO itou.of Madrid. Spate, to Mas MABT Powxsa, of New York city.brain. MAST i., w Je of annuel Barnes, to to* I .ft ytar a!tice.Cox—On Thursday, J^ne 14, of consumption, MAST www.fultonhistory.com1 am sasbtt to giv,ttbef'ttsylvsartoE.-apitol,b/Pre'eaacrPastfOaat, s u !oc S.rdf) fe/tert'jui.af -Ana e'eiock. 