 /i^^^OER l>AJfcI860,., 1 .!*••}>•;•••ft i#a0 0 i tin «fBj«Bg i i o pA gratifying feature of the proceedings was thehappy and appropriate selection of names to head)r. Scbishz^ of theEd^burgh High School is en- , ^^e^meit|wneo^)te^ ^mtiK^^d^^^j on.vDr,«*>?Hto be presented to the Supreme Court for confirmationnext Wednesday, when persoDS considering themselves•*£*•'&&*.*W-J! ^g?p\',-'-~r?: *' •'^m^vr^w^"--^-^"^-•• •ry^mja*auoceasful is tbrowirg off from tbe party the stain the South between a Black Republican and a radical 4>fofficii!eorrBption, asthe lastLsgitlatnre wu Abolitionist. Oneisasodiousastheother,andifthereHUM.•••.•-•?;;C': THEATRicA^' NKWs'; i^ks^ftTlW JoM Wood,undertaken with t h e ' ^ f x ^ ^ s i < 0 j ^ ^ § ^ ^ s ^ 0 ^ ^ ^ hibition of the Royal Academy JsL London, together Yorkers during t l s ooim&gwaJtott. (hit the l2thof with some other pictures by the same artist,! and thatthe Electoral ticket—William Cullen Bryant andJames O. Putnam. The former was receded with if the Black Republican programme is carried out, be-forward for it bis [latest coraections.---.will be made by only one of'thejm, a portrait of ;a'..h)dy,;.ws«^ccepfod,' JDectmber she sails by tbe Africa tot Englard ShepM&;Re§^ •••-} V>;:' '.':•• CQ_."V'the others being refused for, the alleged reason that will immediately appear at the Haytnarkefc Theater M turning hercut of doors, madea complaint against her,liberal principle. Both were a victory over per- sonal pique and a petty policy.Finally,therenominationofMorganandCamp- ^'%S^ the pa*sage of the anti-corruption resolution, and the selection of Bryant and Putnam to headAcademy only one work of a foreign artist was al- toTWtod that lady in her behalf. At ker instigatioit Ohio, was received by the Wide-Awakes and escorted Autograph Letters and Documents, both American lowed. A correspondent of The Evening Post> French play, which was acted thfcr Sammer In Paris.to the hotel. H e acknowledged the attention, making and English, but chiefly remarkable in the former de- who thinks " truth" a very* desirable element in art, Mr; Cr W; Couldock will personate' the principal char- Justice Welsh made a thorough investigation of theenthusiasm which reminded all of the Campaign of1840; Speeches were made by Gov. Ramsey, Judge logue forms a valuable statistical record andis well worth preservation as a fair picture of theactual state of a branch of commercial abd industrial rade of the Wide-Awakes, and another rousing enterprise employing a large amount of capital, and meeting. calling for the perpetual exercise of high mental qualifi- —Fifteen thousand persons were in attendance at a cations to insure success: The attendance of book-but for the rich foison of our golden fields, there'smanyamanamongthem,wefear,whowouldhavetogosupperless to bed. But the cold and the wet havedone more than to damage the crops in England; thegloominess of the weather, it would seem, has pre-vented artists from painting pictures and making draw-ings. It had been announced that Rosrae, the crayonartist of Boston, whose fine drawings are well knownin New-York, went to England this Summer to taketheportraitsofthetwogreatestofBritishauthors, justthatIshouldwritetoyou,asaslightacquaint-Goodrich, Senator Wilkinson, and Mr. Baker, the Secretary of State. In the evening, there was a pa-posed to derive of the total good resulting from the im-provement. The assessments for benefits to privateproperty commence on the south side of Fifty-fifthstreet and extend northward from Fourth to Ninthgoodsjecoverodasyet. • •- • ' *•""""TMTM *Republican meeting at Galeeburgh, I1L, on Tnesday.SixhundredWide-Awakes werethere. SenatorsTrumbull and Grimes and Messrs. Lovejoy and Kel-logg made spoeches, atfd there was also speaking in theSwedish langusge, to an assemblage of citizens of thatvicinity, at a separate stand. The Wide-Awake torch-light procession in the evening was most imposing, and the opening that always exists for the exercise ofcused was seen toemelerrsgj*elfrom the room where the ooats were stored, and being; ursujied w'iastccauagbt with tho goods in his poa-the enthusiasm of the multitude all day long was most hearty.sagacity in seizing the-prominent wants of the com- munity. Thus the fijet invoice on the catalogue is that of a house scarcely a year old, Messrs. Thayer &BOOKSCHA.RLES REYNOLDS. :RECEIVED.asFeesmentB is upward of 10,000, varying according tothe locality of the lot from $3 to $175. The heaviestassessments, of course, fall upon property in the imme-diate neighborhood of the extension, and the largestawards are made on those lots wbich would havefronted on the north sWe of the Park had it not beenextended,theCommistionorshavingadjudgedtheirvalueatwhattheywouldhavebeenworthinthatJury-B O B B E D A L A G E R - B E E R SALOON.—Mary A nn B o g - gier was arrested, charged with stealing *130 in jcofd coin front Geo. E. Scribe. No. 187 Canal street. ,The complainant is th* proprietor of a lag^r-beer saloon at the above nnaabor, and Mary Ann is a frequenter of trie place. When the money wa» mU«<»d nlie was suspected, and on aearching hor apartments, the identi- cal coin was found sewed up io tbe sofa on which she was reetinf h«,-rweariedlimbs. JusticoSteersoommtttedherforexamina- tion.FELONIOUS CLOTHING.—Eobert and James Arm- strong, both young men and brothers, were yesterday committed—On the 18th, there was a ronsing Republican dem-onstration at Canton, Fulton County, Illinois. Not Eldridge of Boston, but whose name has been waftedless than ten thousand people were there. SenatorTjumbnll,JudgeKellogg,W.P.Kellogg,andothets, -spoke, hath in the afternoon and evening.on"John Brown'sLife,"andWalt Whitman's "LeavesofGrass,"tomostofthequarterswhere books penetrate. The Evanses alao, of New-York andevent. The estimate of the value of these adjacent lotsmakes a difference of about $350,000 in the cost of the to prison for examination by Justice Stoors, on the ohargo of—At a meeting recently held in Atlanta, Ga., Mr. popular "Gift Book Enterprise," have by theirModern Painters. B y John "Wiley.Elements of Moral Science.pp.414. Jamee Clmllfm ic Son.Y ancey devoted one portion of a speech he w a s making to a defense of himself against the charge of disunion- hm. The Intelligencer savs:" He rtdtrred to a remark of Mr. Wright at a Douglas meeting here the other evening, in which he (Mr. Wright) is said to have compared Mr. Yancey, in goingbacktotheBaltimoreConvention, having seceded from Charleston, to '' a growling, cringingour own climate be the cause of there being no watsr- color painters among us 1 If climate have anything to do.withthematter,theeffectsoughttobeleversed. But we suspect they do not.land.•BELIEF FORSYRIANSUFFERERS.-TheCommitteespaniel.' 'If,' said Mr. Yancey, 'he had uttered thatwithinmy hearing,orifhe ever utter itagain, and it comes to my knowledge, there will be a 'growl-iog, cringing, WHIP pen spaniel, and that spaniel will be Augofctos R. Wrikht.' [The most vociferous applanse, which lasted for many minutes, attended this announcement; and the fire JfiUhed from Mr. Yancey's •ye, as fromthat of an infor.ated lion, as he stampedIns foot, and thus repelled the s'ander.J" —TheColumbus(Qa.)WeeklySunt beingannoyedatXX*A1 * • « • « • « « • # • f « « « • « • •,which its own views concerning Disunion are clear- lyenoughimplied. Onepassageisasfollows:, "ThefairprospectofLincoln'selectionbythepop-ularvoterandersattentiontothesemattersveryimpor-tant, and,at this time,very pertinent. Such docu-ments as tbe Tribune advertises for the cam saiga, inclu -ding that paper itself, are prohibited circulation in theSouth, and yet all that means no barm to the South,even should Lincoln be elected. If the circulation of beautiful quarto volume jnet completed in London by incendiary documents in the South is regarded so dan- Messrs. Day & Son. It comprises on one hundred gerousastobeprohibitedbjlaw,whatisthedifference,•2 00 Three travel or* ;.•••«••••the circulation of TKIZVXZ campaign documents, at-temptstodim tbeaureate with an editorialaraclein occupythattime,from half-pasteight in themorningheld last year.with water-coolers, filled with ice-cold water, free to ailwhoneedif.MasterKennedy,popularlyknownasthe"Boy Preacher," beingabouttoenter Hamilton College,to prepare for a formal entree to the ministry, will deliver his. farewell sermon on Sunday evening nextin the new M. E. Church, Norfolk street, above Grand. MasterKennedyisbutseventeenyearsofa"ge,andhas already given promise of future usefulness. He .pur- sues his studies under the auspices of a few Wealthy50 00S00 OeorgaW.Snow•u the candidate whose election is promoted by such *neane in the North, and whose party recognizes it as perfectly legitimate, snouid get control of the Govern- ment. What is there in the oath of a Black Republi- easttosupporttheConstitution,toaffordanysecurity lor the fetore? •There never was a Btack.Repubhcan Vitmberof Congress,whodid nottakethatoath,and nooneexceptffisconstituentswillundertaketosay that he has observed it on any question afleetingtheThere is no practical difference toilluminatedplates,aserwsofchronologicalexampleso the finest existing specimens from the Sixth to the Sixteenth Century, with Essay and ample infctruo tione, by Mr. Digby Wyatt, and supplies tbe amateurs ofabeautifulart,nowagainattractingattention,with aperfectmanualeitherforpractice,orforatheoretical knowledgeofthesubject.—An English translation of the great classical Ger- man work, Mommseu's History of Rome, is briefly an-The Committee forwarded per Adriatic £1,000, and hadpreviouslyforwarded£300., e — . .'*. '' '•,rights of the South.to*Sow:is nothing in the past, and their threats for the futures- such as an anti-slavery amendoaent to tbe Constitution, the re-organization of the,Supreme Court, dec;, td?ex- ci'e distrust and alarm, and cause us at least to consider the.value of the Union in tbe>event of Lincoln's elec- tion, it will he a very long time after that occurrence,Moses/' painted by Mr. Page, in Rome, was sent to. the. ex-foresomepeoplewould.bewillingtoseeinan!"overtrapturous applause for the many virtues and lofty act'! even, cause for a separation.; A subooisaioa tothe inauguration would be only another rivet to the Merwinjk Co., the literary auctioneers, will offer atthefollowingremarks:" Little did I expect, Sir, coming into your city at solate an hour to-night, to be greeted by this co-dial andpartmeitformanyrarespecimensthatwillnotbe intimatesthatMr.Page's"Samson"wasrefused.fora jacter,anoldmanwhoisaforger. matter,whichresultedintbedischargeofJSlizaboti..have a sale of their own) of the United States likely to have a green Christmas in Old Eogland; and,assortment of their various issues, the cata-sellers from all parts of the^country is expected to be large,andthesaleswillmos.tlikelyaveragebetween $300 000 and $400,000. In juxtaposition wish the old established houses, the Little & Browns, Apple-I have no plan to propose; but it seemed right andavenues to One-hundred-and-sixth street, where the areawidenstotheThirdandTenthavenuesas session. JusticeConnollylockedaimuptoanswer.tons, Lea & Branchards,names of comparitively recent introduction, showioghaving executed his commiseions; and it was said that the refusal of the two distinguished authors to sit to him was the cause of his failure. But we are glad to learn that tbey are net Buch churls. Mr. Rowseis now in Newport, and a correspondent writing thence says that the cause of the artist's non-accomplishment of his mission was the bad weather which prevailed all the time he was there. His eyes were weak, and there was so little light that he could not see to work byit. CanthemoistclimateofEnglandhaveany- thing to do .with the fondness.of English artists fornight. Deceased w u a laboring man, (8 years of ag }years orago.the suggestions a reflective mind would derive fcom the examination of this catalogue, though it might be dif- ficulttoindulgeinthemamidthedinandtujmultofthe sale, which is allotted to last ten days, and will at leastStuart, who resided there before the place had been discovered by the fashionable world.—Mr.CharlesEdwarde,anEnglishlawyerresiding in "New-York, proposes a novel method of commemo- ratingthevisitofthePrinceofWales,orratherofthe BaronRenfrew,tothiscity* Insteadofgivinghima banquet or a ball, Mr. Edwards suggests that it would bebettertoerectamagnificentpublicdrinking-fount- ain, fromadesignbyoneof ourartists,insomepuSlic place. The proposition of the fountain is every w a y commendable, Prince or no Prince, and-it reminds us that it is new three years since the subject of drinking fountains was discuseed by the public papers, andtha reeolutionsinfavorof erecting thempassedtheCom• mon Council. A large number of designs were made for the fountains/all of which, so-far as our own ob- servation went, were hideously ugly. If some of our artistswouldvolunteertomakedesignsfordnnking- fountains, perhaps the Corporation would adopt them. Thereareagoodmanyornamentaldrmking-fountainsin London, which have been erected daring the pastMrs. George W . Talbat, NorthamptonJ. A . Q-.50 00 C a » b . . . . . . . . . . . •••••»•••500 50 00 5 00 '* 00 1*0*0 00 100 10 00 1000 2 00 5000 500 5000 600tillsomeindefinitehourofthenight,withonljhalf* hour intervals for dinner and supper.—"TheArtofIlluminatingasPracticed in Europe frcm tbe Earliest Times; What it wa»—what it should be, and how it may be practiced," is the title of a3001 Total.....$1,034 73 ».....»••• 5,129 65 $6,164 40Ticknors, & c ,are manyPhiladelphia, who claim to be the originators of the water-color? And can the dryness and brilliancy ofstealing *«6 worth of clothing, Tbe complainant is John Jetfera A of No. VK Eighth sOftet.JOHN SariTH.—Tbe veritable Johuw»s yeHerday. accusedofpaoainga**counterfeitbilloftheMarinoBankattbe store of Au*u»tus Jobnaon, No. 2 B*7*fd atreet. John U supposed to have known that the bill w«s bad when be offered tt msuccess broken down the old-fashioned bar-riers of legitimacy, and take rank with theelder magnates of the trade, Prof. Ingraham's "Pil-lar of Fire" "Throne of David," & c , which theyintroduce to the world, being among tbe largest sellingbooksoftheday. Messrs.Saxion&Barker'slistofmore than a hundred diiferent. works, on the divisionsof Agriculture and Horticulture, show* a better classof books, for which there is a constant demand,.and is,,of itself, sufficient to indicate the superior intelligenceof the class of our rural population which correspondsto the yeomen oJ the Old World. There is no end to might be paid with great propriety to Malbone andB y P . R.Loathertuan.— : > .three years;but here, in this " City of Fountains," asThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ceived important oUBnatches^m Washington,.'which ars to be opene 1 when he gets out of sl^ut ofland*•',ting on board a Philadelphia boat to go to tbat city, hetoliher she was wrong, and directed bw$$£$$& :."i.«*. i|$ripjJP&$ •*• Agaged to furnish an introduction, and the translation-—the very popular coihedieime, wllln delight New-While here hi eedaoe this, be bec;atae enTageuV:«a4 afterture. There .were.six of Mr Page's picturessent to the sensation here.last Winter. She was thereupon committed to the Tomhe by Jostioe Hterirjrfiime that cluster aroundit. Thelatter bondsbywhichwearealreadyheld." .-:;•' ?!',J ! privatesaleonAug; 23,at"theprices'attachedtothe exhibition,nptbyhim,bu|tbyagentlemaninLondon, • -^Missiacan Keene hasnotyetcompletedherar- Welsh, Onbeingconfidedtotheear*of Mrs.Fetter,war warmly greeted as tb£ representative of a •-.~'On Tuesday night Gov; Chase, arriving in Toledo, articles in the catalogue, avery cuTipuB collection of to whem it was slated that by the rules of the rangements for the season, but she will first produce a matron ofthe prison,JEafaabeth told her story, and ifflElectors at Large. This was instantly rejected by the vention. No individual can have any claims to such a apocryphal sound, as rumor is silent on the qualifica- his homepermanently on the Isle of Man; but he has trial, which will' be presented before the aidiences in to transfer passengers to and from tho trains at thatDonglasites, as wholly out of the question. Accompa- distinction; nor is any State entitled to any considera- nying this demand, or a part, rather, was the ore that tion for whatever preference she may express, beyondthat which the general interests, of the cause, fully con- the Bell Everett* should have ufteen of the thirty-five sidered and impartially weighed, may permit or re-tions or by-gone experiences of any such person." ; -rThe copy belonging to the late Mr. Crowniushieidgenerally been called an American artist because he spent his boyhood in this country, where his father'saddition to the other performances/ The prizes for the horizontal bars, parallel bars, rack bars, double ringspoint.DEATH OF MR. GERARDUS CLAIUC—Mr. QerardturjElectors, while the Donglasites were willing to con- quire. It is no matter of regret with'me that such a of the "Bay Psalm-Book," the first book printed in family still resides. Of the six pictures of Mr.! Page, trapeze and the Indian clubs will be competed for on Clark, an eminent member of the Kew-Tors: Bar, diedrl! cede but eight. Here was a wide difference, in the consideration of the general good led our National Con- British America, at Cambridge, Mass., and which did sent to the Royal Academy, four were accepted by consecutive evenings. A number of the best aatateur at 6 o'clock on Thursday evening, Mr. Clark has I reconcilement of whidh, it is said, much ill-feel- vention to intrust the standard of Freedom during this not appear at the sale lately held in London, compris- the council, and among them were a Venus, and the gymnasts of the city will join in the contest, which practiced in our Courts for nearly half a century, a n i ^campaign to the upright, able, patriotic, and generous ing a portion of his library, has been sold, it is asserted, large painting of Moses, Aaron and Hur, and the com-ing was engendered. On the Bell-Kverett, as well as Lincoln. The auguries of success visible on every hand not to the British Museum, but to a private collector mittee sent a letter of apology regretting their ability to on the Douglas Committee, there were several ugly attest the wisdom of their choice; wlrle the principlescustomers,andimpracticablemen,nottheleastof embodiedinthenobleplatformframedbytheConven- inEngland,foronehundredandfiftyguineas. When exhibitbutone.whom, on the part of the former, was Mr. James tion, honestly held and faithfully applied, will make advertised wiith the rest of the Library, in Boston, be- —At Mr. Schauss's, in Broadway, may be seen anthat success permanent, and permanently useful to our fore tie collection was disposed of entire, several bids exquisite drawing in pencilwhich is as well worthy ofBrooksofTheExpress,whosucceededinthoroughlycountry.zes,fellow-citizens,we:shallsucceed. Bincoresided.Dignifiedinbearing,possessedofftJdisgustingtikegreat body of both Committees. As al- The spontaneous organization of the young men as high as $600 were received, and it would, most the study of artists as the inspection of connoiseurs. Jordan will appear in a new play, supported by a good peculiarly pleasing and venerable countenance, and$ readystated,shortworkwasmadeofGov.Hunt,and of the country into such Wide-Awake As- likely,havebroughtquiteasmuchinthiscountryas ItistheoriginalcopyofScheffer'sBeatriceandDante, company. Theseartistshavewongreatpopularity notedforindustry,integrity,andlegal*acumen,hs^the pretensions of his friends in his behalf. It should sociations as th*t which greets me to-night, is at once the sum realized in England.made by the Italian artist, Fanoli, for the engraver to here and elsewhere, and their appearance, with the will long be remembered by bis personal and profes-the means and the pledge of victory ! A nd when w e be mentioned that previous to this, many of the Ben- succeed—what then? Shall we return evil for theEverett Committee had become pretty sharp set in injustice and calumny to which Republicans have been—Mr. Atkinson's beautifully illustrated volume on the A moor River and Country, lately iasued in Lon-work from.—One book-seller in Broadway has, within a coupleadded attraction of a new drama, will doubtless be the signal for a series of crowded houses.sional friends. Hi* age was 75 years. Mr. Clarka vestryman of Trinity Church, New-BocbeTIe, a n d | his funeral will take place from it on Saturday at % 1their ideas of their share of the Electoral Ticket, be- So continually subjected ? No,, gentlemen, no; we will don, fills a void in all libraries respecting a portion of of weeks, sold twenty-five copies of Ruskin's lastcause they had been taken no notice of by the Demo- try to prove that the success ofa party may be the suc- tbe earth's surface now dafly coming within the circle volume of "Modern Painters," and seeingthat it costs. THE POLICE UNIFORM.—Considerable dissatisfaction o'clock. Trains leave New-York from the Twenly-|cess of the whole people; that the triumph of our caueeciatsinframingtheirStateticket. Itleakedoutthat iscompatiblewiththebestinterestsofthewholecoun- ofcivilizedideasandassociations. Theveryrecent$15, and is to be republished here at a very greatly re-has existed among the patrolmen of the police force, since the advent of the present system, respecting their uniform. The Commissioners appointed certaintailors,eeventh-streetdepotatnoon,andreturnat4:90p.m.^;—^•ducedprice,thecircumstance indicatesamostencour- securely> but not altogether so, aspirationsfor the nom- it, and generous to every person who bears the name ease with which they,have been made, is a feature that aging zeal in the cause of art. The enthusiastic au-Mr. Jesse C. Dann of Buffalo had been nursing, rather try ; bur triumph.will prove us just to every portion of nature of the Russian acquisitions (since 1854), and theination for the post of Lieutenant-Governor, on the of an American citizen. Shall w e invade, in the spirit strikes the reader forcibly. Mi-. Atkinson considers thor, in a preface full of eloquent pathos, modestlyFALSK PRETENSES.-Daniel Caehman of No. 5 Bea- some of whom the men were forced to employ. This ver street yesterday appeared before Justice Connolly,'Democratic ticket, as something due to him and to the Americans e»ho were expected to dissolve themselves in the Douglas Democracy. The Democrats say that he '* never told his love"—at least, not to them? and.(aside), they add. it would have made no sort of differ- ence ifhe lad. Eileen of the thirty-five, and Gov. Hunt SOT one of the State electors, was the claim of the Bell-Everett's, therefore, and they were as crankaction gave dissatisfaction, inasmuch as tbe men felt that the Commissioners were overstepping the powers conferred upon them by the Legislature. Tbe police-and complained that Clans Toirey had swindled hbn out of $346 worth of goods by. false representations^ Cashman alleges that Torrty called at his place, and by stating that he and Frederick G hinder were partnersthe claim of fifteen be tolerated with any better relish.The Donglasites fixed the number at eight, and there—A corjespondent writes as follows from Anderson, employed in educational matters, advertises, a work Indiana. that should certainly be reprinted and distributed gra- "By the late census, our town has about 1,300 peo- tuitously among their correspondents by the newspaperof sectionalism, the rights of any State? No Repub- that the Russian views of conqueet of the great island apologizes for having delayed the publication of the lican dreams of it. W e shall stay the extension ofSlavery, certainly, but,we shall respect the Constitu- Saghalien, in the Japanese seas, are equally certain volume so long, and, in self-justification, gives an ac-tion and every constitutional obb'gation. And when of completion, and as it furnishes excellent coal, the count of a part of his labors during the five years thatthis intent shall become apparent; when the bug-bear materials for a steam navy on the Pacific will be he has been employed upon the work. Among other, men had earned their pay, and they felt that the rightof Federal, interference with the internal concerns of at once secured. By a departure from the usual-re- things which helped to consume his time was the self-to eay how they should expend it was their own. in a liquor rectifying establishment at No. 15 Elizabeth,the States shall be expelled from the public mind by anhonest and patriotic Republican Admioistration—who strictive practice, the whole Amoor country will be can doubt—I certainly do not doubt—that the days of opened next year to private enterprise, for the ex- our old concord and mutual good will will return, and ploration and working of .its mineral treasures-fanimposed ttsk of mending, mounting, copying, cata- loguing, and arranging for the British Museum 19,000 paper drawings which were a part of the legacy bequeathedtothe.Britishnation,byJ.M.W. Turner. Mr. Ruskin's account of these precious relics of the great landscapist is one of the most eloquent and pathetic passages in his five volumes. 'But, though this fifth volume is called the last, it does not exhaust the subject, and he promises, if time and opportunity permit, to give another on the inexhaustible topic of the sea. Unfortunately, he has now turned his atten- tion to political economy, and as his article on the sub- jectintbelastnumberoftheCornhillMagazine,has been ferociously attacked by the disciples of Adam Smith, Ricardo and Mill/he will probably have as much as. he can do to defend himself against the on-Some of, the official tailors, in addition, cheated the men, and they had no redress. The Commissioners have just issued an order that will obviate all this diffi- culty. Theyhaveresolvedtopurchasetheclothfor uniforms for tbe men at wholesale prices, and to sell it to the men in email quantities as they need it, at the same rate, allowing them to choose their own tailors, but enforcing the regulation as to cut. This makes the men feel as though the Commissioners really had some interest in their well-being. It is rumored that the Commissioners have determined to purchase cloth for overcoats for the force with the Japanese present, and thatthecaptains,,andsergeantshavemagnanimously resolved that the poorest-paid part of the force shall re- ceive the whole of the money.COMMISSIONERS or POLICE.—At the meeting of this Board, yesterday afternoon, Capt. Seaman, late of the Fourth Ward, was dismissed from the department on motion of Mr. Acton. Tho Captain woo cliargod vritk neglect of duty, and on bis trial failed to give an ade- quate reason for his absence from the Station-House at the time specified. He stated that he was sick andstreet, and that there was no incumbrance on the stock, induced him to sell him a quantity of liquors of the value of $346 on credit. It subsequently transpired ' thatallofTorrey'spropertywasmortgaged,andwas sold at Sheriffs sale on the 23d inst. A warrant w a s issued for the arrest of Torrey, and Officer Fergusontook him into custody immediately. Justice Connolly committed him for examination.A MUSICAL DIFFICULTY.—On Friday morningGrus- « tav Rosa and Augustus Ehl, two German musicians,;•r\got into a quarrel in Fifty-eighth street, near Broad- way,whenEhlstabbedhisantagonistintheneckwith..'.^ a dirk knife. The wounded man was conveyed to thflcSj Twenty-second ward Station-Hoase, where be was afr-J^ tended by the police surgeon, who pronouueed hisasyonpleaseaboutit,too.AsIhavealreadysaid,. thatundertheConstitutionweshallfindtranquility, opportunitythatwillsurelynotbeneglectedbythe liberty a'-a union? In bringing about such happy re-Gov. Hunt w a s disposed of instanter. N o personal sults, you may rest assured of m y earnest co&peration. pioneers of the western slope of our Continent. , slight was intended, of course; but then, they could In such noble work I am ready to go with you as far —A clergyman in England. the Rev. John Hunter, not think of the thing for a single moment, nor could as the farthest." " ' .the two Committ-'es hung fire. The negotiations thatensued consumed the whole of a night and the most* of ple. A week ago, at the ringing of our Court House editors of the United States, It is " The Art of Precis-bell, the young Republicans met to organize a Wide- Writing: being an Introduction to the Writings of the next day. Toe work of the night was knocked in Awake Company. In a brief time over one hundred Precis, or Digests, as applicable to Narratives of Pactstheheadbyoutsidersthenextmorning;and,ashas joined,eachpavinghisdollar. The'Companynowalready been said, tbe loving fusionists went to ssa in number about 150; and beside having furnish d each a glorious state of tribulation. Nor did they come member with his torch-lamp, uniform,- &c.,.they have$25 in the treasury. They expect to number 200 by back again and finally agree upon terms before the. 21st inst., when tbe largest mass ratification meet-orHistoricalEvents,Evidence,Correspondence,Offi- cial Documents, and General-Composition, with nu- merous examples and exercised." The difficulty of getting a " plain tale told" is hardly realized tilt the experiment is made. Sometimes, indeed, mother wit will supply the place of art, as in the instance given by Mr. Dunlop in his book on the Hymmalayas, whe^o"a freak of cruelty in a mischievous elephant was thus notified to him by the village scribe': ..the two Committees had become thoroughly disgusted with each other and with the whole business—particu- larly, with brother Brooks. Precisely h o w the differ- ences were arranged, is as yet an unwritten history.ing ever held in the United States will occur at Indian- apolis. There is not a county town in this State that has not its 'Wide-Awake ' or a similar Republican or- ganization; every"little rural village is organizing the same w a y . Monroe has nearly 300; Winchester, about 200, and Richmond. 800 Wide-A.wakes. B y the 29th-, there will not be less than. 20,000 in Indiana. The enthusiasm and activity among tbe Republicans,slaught of his new enemies.THE FAMINE IN KANSAS./wound exceedingly dangerous.but subsequently surrendered himself to the police. H e lives at No. 116 Spring street. 'T H E SAILORS' HOME.To,the Editor oJTh«N.Y. Tribuns. ' ^Certain I am it was not by anything that Mr.Brooks saidor did, as Mr. "William Duer can probably testify. Intheend,nobodywassatisfied. Mr.Dannandhis excelsthatof1840amongtheWhigs. ReckonIndianaCorrespondence of The'N. Y . Tribune. 'LAWRENCE, Kansas, Aug. 17,1860.ood for 30,000 for Lincoln and Liberty. I believe f•know not an intelligent-Republican, who doubts aREPUBLICAN TRIUMPH IN INDIANA."LITERARY. m—However condemned from time to time by a large portion of the publishing trade, there seems to be an inherent vitality in the system of Trade Sales, which has just culminated in the largest catalogue ever y e t produced, for the approaching sale in New-York. This commences o n September 4 , under t h e manage- ment of the auctioneers of the Publishers' Association, Messrs. Geo. A . Leavitt & Co. it will be held at the store temporarily occupied by that firm in Walker street, until the completion of their spacious new build- ing,nowincourseoferectioninMercerstreet,be- tweenGrandandCanalstreets. Thecatalogueforms a bulky octavo of 522 pages, and probably coat not leas than $1,500 to get out. A s all the great publishing houses (wi'.h the exception of Messrs. Harper, who—On the 28th of July, the Republicans of Minne-apolisraitedaLincolnandHamliafl8g-staff,amidan are represented by invoices containing a fallSIR: jOest a wrong impression should be made, t*Wm part of the city, but refused to give the name of his statement in a late "number of THK THIHCWK that the blowing; MBnffalo fjiends were particularly dissatisfied. Indeed, I fear that that gentleman's aspirations are destined never to be realized.The sum and substance of tbe fusion business was, Dean Richmond's idea was carried out, which was that the BeH-Everetts did'nt amount to much, and weren't worth much. Consequently, but a small price w a s given for them. They got some of their men on the ticket, hut it appears they are there to vote for Douglas, and not for Bell and Everett.mr^Exnj Wide-Awake Club should have copies ofthe Political Text-Book for 1860, for the use of its members.—Witbina month, orders have been received through the Young Men's Republican Union of this city for more than 6,000 uniforms for the Wide-Awakes, whose numbers throughout the country are now in- creasing at the rate of 2,000 daily..' ,That man's common sense might redeem a whole ing on famine, and others laughing at the idea, and de-" This morning the elephant of Major R— tion of snout and foot, kill one old woman. theinhabitants. '' ', by sudden mo- Instant fear fall onI am informed that much is now being saidin thoEasternpapersaboutthe.state andconditionofKan- remainedatthehouseofafriendallnightintheupper theInjuryoftheSnllora' Home,No. 190Cherryatreet,byto«'*r1" I have the honor to be, Sir, .''- Yoar most obedient servant."sas—some asserting that we are in a condition border-circumluiion office.—A valuable history of " German National Litera-ture" has just been published by Prof. Wilmar of Mar •' burg. Itiswrittenwithtruepatrioticfeeling,bringing out the characteristics which may be called peculiarly national in opposition to those shared with Germany by other population of kindred birth and culture. It extends from the earliest prehistoric times to the death of Goethe, since which, time the abundant richness of recent literature almost defies classification till a van- tage ground of distance" is gained for its survey.claring that we shall not want for our Winter's bread.You will, perhaps, remember me as an acquaintance, (and son-in-law of your old friend, James H. Braine), and will believe that the statements which I make aretrue. ' .You know how poor our people were when you werefriend or bis residence. On motion of Mr. Bowen the asked at the table waa too long, it ahould be added that this isbynomeansusuallythecase. Occasionally,astranger,uDdecARTITEMS.$80, from his employer, Anthony Wallack, of N o . M l Grand street Tbeladadmittedhavingtakenthegold,andsaidheha4 soldittoSolomandeYoung, of No.190Elaridgestreet,forle«rTheSummerandAutnmnhadbeensowet, That in Winter the corn was growing y e tSo says Southey in his ballad of Bishop Bruno; and, from all account*, if a wet Autumn and a cold Sammer keep the corn growing until midwinter, they areweek.Many of our farmers are living upon corn bread andcorn coffee, and have not enough of that to last them two months longer.Hundreds are leaving the Territory, and hundreds morewoulddosoiftheywereabletoleave. Someof ushaveagainandagainassertedthat the liberalmen of the East, who came so nobly to the rescue of the people in Ireland in 1847, will not let our poor starve, if they are informed of our true condition. But the fear of checking: next year's immigration, is causing many of our citizensto shut their eyes against the real state of facts.Justice Welsh, to inarwer a charxeof/reoelvfcg stolen goods. Robert* was locked up to answer for the theft.BURGLARS IS PRIV A TE Houses.—Thomas BfcCsnn was am-nto d by Officer Irving, of the Twentieth PreoLnct. charged appeal.for redress to that tribunal. The damages for with having entered the n>8la>nce of Mr. Brnoe, No. 1*5 VVo«tpropertytakenwillamounttoabout$1,500,000,of Thirty-fourthstreet,onthe18thinst. Theaccusedwasseenby a neighbor to enter the premises with others, while the family of which one-third will be charged upon the private Mr. Brucewereintbecountry. About $350worth ofjewelry and wearing appa°el had been stolen from thehouse. The prison- property benefited by the extension, and the remainder er was fullr IdVnt'iied when Juntioe Connolly committed him to uponthecityatlarge,whichistheproportionitissup- answer. Theotherburglars had notbeen found, nortae stolenance, and bear witness of what my ears have heard Carlyle and Tennyeon. He lately returned, without and'eyes have seen.SUICIDE.—Thomas Paine, of No. 391 Cherry street^—We saw at Dechaux's the other day, an exqui- sitephotographtakenofStaigg'sbeautifulpictureof the bare-footed beggar girl. Staigg ie himself at New- port, which appears to be a favorite point of reunion for artists this Summer; audit seems that special honor has been paid to artthere, by naming one of the new streets after Greenough, the sculptor. A like honorfor the relief of the destitute and Bufferiug iu Syria ac-knowledge the receipt of the following sums since the in'payment for tfco pound of sugar woleh bo ordered. H o wa»Untitled Documentm^^^m^W^Wl?^^^^:•''Ifp p p i '1 ;""A:' '*'*''<•'W '••—y ,f;fYork steamboat., i?h« followed his directions and oal/ discoveredhermistakrwhenshelaauVdiaWew-Teric Having his card in hor possesion, flbo called upo*her. FaiHng >".—Accordingtoaplanlatelyintroduced,Messrs;Bangs,foreignartistswerepermittedtoexhibitbutonej>ic-. thefarceof^JenDy•lind."'faxwhichshecreated1a chargingherwithtteaHagtbeartvolwhehadgir.nber.nounced in England, Wat wrfchbut any specification cf„ it was proposed to call New-Tfork on the introduction sizeorprice,so-thatit$Bpr^MyJonlyjustdetennined oftheCrotosywebave-ntetone^ft.•'- •long in realizing the sums at which they are held. very different reason, because there were^twp, paint- —" The American Cousin" will he performed foTThe lady then preferred a charge of graoA larcwyThe two highestpriced articles are: an autograoh line ings exhibited from Mr. Cropsey, and two from Mr. the lsst fhne on Saturdaj night, when Mr. Jef&rson's against Biggs for detaining the articles be had prevt-'brilliantreception. ThatIammostgratefulforit, andsignatureofGen.JosephWarren,theMartyrof RichardsonofPhiladelphia.Anothercorrespondentof seasonclosest Ithasbeenexceedinglyprofitable,and ouplygivenher. Awarrantwasissuedforbisairest,the Electoral ticket, were stonning blows at cliques you, Sir, and you, gentlemen of the Wide-Awake As-. Bunker Hill, and a letter of Gen/Washington to Gen. The Post states the facts, and correctly, to be that—• it if as»erted that the three partners ia>the enterprise, and on being brought before Justice Welsh he wasSadinterestswhicharedestinedtobedashedin .sociation,andyou,-fellowcitizens,neednoassuranceGeorge Clinton, dated at:." Headquartsrs, Morrietown, March 31,1777. "These are eachvalued at $20*' There is a sarcastic and threatening letter of Benedict Arnold^Not'Richardson' butW.T.Richards,ofPhilar deiphia, is the'4pre-Rafaelite,' who contributes 'The Blackberry Bush,' No. 75, and «Out of Doors/ No. 592. Mr.J.F.Cropseyhad there nottwo,butthree works, Nos.394, 479and 481,all studiesmadelastcommittedtothecellsorecentlyvacatedbybisintend^ ed victim. '•from ine. Such words of welcome and commendationas you have uttered, sanctioned as they are by this con-course of citizens, far overpay what humble service ImayhaverenderedtoourStateorourcause. Indeed,whileIhavelistenedtothem,,theuppermost thoughtinmymindwas,howlittlehaveImeritedallthiseu- priced$5. Abond/with,sealandautograph;bfCol. seasonintheIsleofWight. Mr.J.T.Peelealsowas seasonatLauraKeeoe's,willactwithMiso-Cushman presentmonth,hasbeenimmense;tholackofshade- logy. It makes me feel ashamed, when I contrast my Ethan Allen, $10. A long letter of Col. Joseph Brant the exhibitor of two worksj 'Happy Moments,' No. for four weeks at Niblo's Garden, after which he will in the Central Park having diverted the travel of pJea-povertyofservice with your generoei'yofapprecia- (Thayendanega)toGov.Clinton,$15,withmanyothers 260,and'ThePrimrbseBank/ No.265. AGerman returntoLauraKeene'sfortheWinterseason.tion. But with this feeling- there mingles a proud sat- sculptor who left here only a year ago, E ; T . Kuntze, Sure-eeekers to localities more favored in that respect.isfaction, that the people whom I have endeavored to of equal interest. \ —Mr. E . A . Sothern, yesterday copyrighted the let* On Sunday last, upward of five thousand personsserveareso.noblygenerous. Inthevariouspositions —The,VoidestpurelybooksellingperiodicalinEn- hasfourworksinthesculpturedepartment. The "terj'-bythereadingofwhich,inoneofthescenesof sailedupanddowntheHarlemKiverinthesteamers.wherein I have been called to serve the State, and Royal Academy receives all original works for exhibi- ,Duno!reary in the^ "American Cousin," he has madetoral ticket. It has occurred to not a few, doubtless, to which vou have so kindly referred; I claim no gland, Bent's-" MehtiblyLiterary Advertiser," hasjust tidn, but 'subject to the approval or rejection of the piyingbetween HarlemBridge, HighBridge-,and T«**'that those negotiations were an important part of this other merit than that of having endeavored to. per- expired of inanition, affcerah existence of nearlysixty- Council, whose decision is final.' It is a rale S of the so great a sensation. The introduction of the letter Bnson's Woods. The steamers were so deeply laden"pieces., .- . . . » • •'SALE OPTHEBELL-EVERETTS. CoqwyoudenocofThoN.J. Tribune.STRACPSX,Aug.22,1860.I perceive that nowhere has there appeared any ac- count of the negotiations between,the Douglas Com*Mrs. John Wood, Mr. Joseph Jeffersottra^ Mr. John Puff will divide, as the net profile of the season, some- thing over twenty thousand dollars.ajar SUNDAYS ATTHJEHIOB BRIooK.—Thertshofvisit-suSteeon the part of the Convention, and the Bell- •EverettCommittee,whichresultedinthefasionElec-interestingchapterintherecordofthefusionmove- formmyduty. Inwhateverofpubliclifemay years,leaving"ThePublishers'Circular,"•issued body,that'noartistisallowedtdexhibitmorsthan ment, and a corresponding interest has beenfeltin vet remain to me, the gratitaae snch* mani- twiceamonth by Low &cCo.ofLudgate Hill,the eightdifferentworks. Honoraryexhibitorsarelimited knowingmoreaboutitthanhasyetbeengiven. Ru- festations of confidence as this must.inspire, onlyrecogiqdzedgeneralorganoftheEnglishpublish- toone.'"wasoriginalwithhim: '-"' ' Witalivingfreightastooccasionconsiderableuneasi-ness among manyof thepassengers. Inadditiont«THE GYMNASTIC TOURNAMENT.—Somethingjnovel thelargenumberofNew~Yor«*rsWholeftthecity mwill prompt me, you may be assured, to con mor, proceeding from various sources, relates that the tinned and more strenuous efforts to guard and. pro-coalition was at one time on the point of failing wholly, mote the best interests of the State and of our wholeing trade.in the way of gymnastics will be done at Niblo's Gar-We do not know what the difference may bebetween den on Monday next. Prizes will be offered by the Urn Bridge and transferred to the High Bridge steam-•ton account of the eacvaordina.-y demands of the Bell- country. It heed be tbe occasion of ho regret that the wish to which you have alluded, of the Republicans oftoaBritishofficerwho had treated himwithinsult,—Mr.C.W.Couldock,afterthecloseofthepresentorstothoHighBridgeonSundaysduringthepastwaA'';'.';:,''..",..>' *'''.--.-''t '-...":• :•,: ..'.'-.V. !-"-i •:'•—It is confidently reported that the successor of Mr. a. "foreign " and an " honorary " exhibitor ;; but it management- to the amateur gymrasts of the city, for ers about eighteen hundred passengers. The Harfeat'Elwin in the editorial chair of the "Quarterly Re- is probable that Peele and Cropsey being both residents the first excellence in each of the,several exercisesEveretts. These demandsare understoodto have been, Ohio that I might be called to another poet, was not view" is "an erudite gentleman from the North—a of England are not regarded as foreigners. Peele is, usually practiced in the gymnasiums. A certain time Railroad Company have built a pier on the nortbsid^ in part, at least, tha* Gov. Hunt should be one of the gratified bv the action of the Republican National Con- Mr. MacPherson." The announcement has rather an in truth, an Englishman by birth, and he now makes of each evening of the week will be devoted to the of the bridge at Harlem, and are effecting arrangementswith us, fifteen months ago; and when I state a few facts, you can draw your own conclusions of what our condition must be before the middle of the Winter.the Home or in Jack w e do not decide—Ed.\, , »will doubtless prove a very interesting one.at one tisce was in the enjoyment of an extensive an^ivery lucrative practice. F o r many years he lived a*'*WALLACE'STHEATER.—Nextweekanoveltywill tbecornerofNinthstreetandBroadway;butabout be presented at this house, which can scarcely fall to ten years ago removed to New-Koohelle, where he bat'prove attractive. Miss Jane Coombs and Mr. GeorgeSuperintendent was directed to cause the Captains ofthe various Wards to report the number of houses ofill-fame in their respective Precinets, and the namesof the owners of said-houses, and by whom and howmany occupied. The resignation of Erasmus A . Kutz pends upon the feelings of the hearers; what our cor- ofthe Twenty-first Ward was received and accepted. respondent meant to imply was that the Home wisinotpopularwith a majority of ourseafaring men. Wsr BEPORT OF ASSESSMENTS FOR THE CENTRAL P ARK presume that is the truth; but whether the fault is inEXTENSION.—The land taken for the Central Park ex-tension extends from One-hundred-and-sixth street toOne-hundred-and-tenth street, and from the Fifth tothe Eighth avenues, comprising nearly 70 acres. T h eCommissioners appointed by the last Legislature toassessdamagesandbenefitsresultingfromthisworkmustbeanentirefailure,unlesswehaverainwithina havenearlycompletedtheirreport,anditwillbeready than$3. DeYoungwasalsoarretted,andheldin $500ballby-In this county^ and, indeed, in. nearly every part of eastern Kansas, our wheat and oats were an entire fail- ure. Our corn will not make five bushels to the acre, except on the Kansas and Wakarusa bottoms. Our potatoeswillneverbedug.OurHungariangrassis heading out clof>e to the ground, and our buckwheatSTEALING GOLD FROM HIS EMVLOYT-R.--A lad, 14 yea's of age. tuanifd Jacob Roberts, -»a« arrosted on Thursday, charged with having stolen 144 pennyweight of gold, valued atShall such selfishness debar us from making known our leanness?STKALIKO COATS.—Carl Anderson, a German Im- portation from Philadelphia, who claims to bo a cigar maker, was on Thursday arr<<*Ud for stealing eleven dress ooata, valued, at $ 175, from Henry B. W all, No. 739 Eighth avenue. The ac- cused was seen tMay Gcd put it into the hearts of His wealthy stewards at the East" to do something for the honest, bard-working, but indigent men, of south Kansas.while partially deranged, cot his throat with a razor. oaThuraday•JNemeBin. By Marion Harland. 12mo. pp 499. Derby & Jack-Bon:The Ebor.y Idol. 32mo. pp. 283. D . Appleton. TieCbainbearcr;or.TheLittlepageManuBoriptr. ByJ.F«n'izoore Cooper. 12mo. pp. 4W. W . A: Towmsend & Co- CubaforInvaUdB. ByR. W.Glbbes. 12mo.pp.214.Th©Same.French, German,.Spatich, Latin, and ItaHsn Languages Withouta Master. 12coo. pp 874 T B. Peterson & Brothers.P ABK2 00 Mr B.. through F . ..$25 00 25 00 S.members of the Baptist Church.{?)•Ruskin. V oL V .. 12mo.John12moReminiscencesofanOfficerofZouaves. TranslatedfromtheFrench. 12mo. pp. 317. D. Appleton & Co.An Elementary Grammar of tbe Italian Language. B y G. B .Fontana. 12mo. pp. 236. The Same.Diseases, of the Human Foot. B y I. Zacharie. 12mo. pp. 96. last report: '•'•- CharlesB.Noiton.CONCERTS '—This afternoon,at 4C.F.ReynoldsHaiktead, Halnea 4t Coir 50 00 W ' l m i t o r i . . . . . . . . . . .CENTRALo'c'ock, the delightful concerts of laet Summer will beresumed in the Central Park, on the Mail, near theterrace bridge. The concerts will be given by Dod-worth's Band, under the direction of Mr.'J. WreyMould, a number of public-spirited citizens having con-tributed the necessary funds. The new location is bet- CuHh, Fairfieldter adapted to the accommodation of vehicles and pe- destriansthantheRamble,wheretheconcertswereA. M. Bruen, Searsdalo. A AresidentofNew-York D. CIarheon, j r . . . . . . . . . .Mwa Logan.,..Throe week** savings..* ClergTtnan, Clareaiont,•••• ••25RattenLackley.1 00 D.. Brooklyn............ 900 \VilIiamnU. Guion....... 500li.•»••••••••••••••••««•• 500A band of boys will be in attendance; 1V&&£^was j eeterday arrested by Officer King, charged with NAVAL.—TheSusquehannagotupanchorearlyyes- grandlaTcenyunderthefoUowiogcircumetanoea:Eli- terday forenoon and went to sea, bound for the Gulf of zabeth Berry of Philadelphia, alleges that she recentlyCAdrertfseeaeai.]..•+. ^ DEFORMED AND PARALYSED vp^s.^aggrieved by the judgment of the Commissioners canfar as One-hundred-and-twenty-fifth street. Thence toOne-hundred-and-thirty'fifth street itis again narrowedto the Fourth and Ninth avenues. The number of in accordance with thoe facts was rendered by tho Coroner's8.E.,Erie,Penn S. Bnckhalter.....;.••••••••»*150 .. 500 New-Brunswick, N . J . . .Previooaly acknowledged.,...........a..'mLiH2500W.A.Smith,per>Fs.vX- Oa••*• *•••••Major B- B, AldenM. Van SchaickMrs. R~ D. McElroyJ. H. Tripler............ 5 00 port. Conn........»*•• 10 00Winston...............'. 100 00 25 00 Brooklyn , . ; . . . . . 5 005 (10 Z. B. Wakeman, Sooth- 50 00found that the occurrence was purely accidental. . a '— _ „ ^ [Advorttaoment 1The crowds of Ladies and Children at BARNUM**MosBDJt TO-DAY wiU bo grost-the exhibition of some of the most interesting of the living curiosities drawing to a oloso, and tbetalentedandamusingjuvenile WRSN FAXII/Tgiving their most interesting entertainment* at 8 and quarter to 8 p, m.tAdvortisementj GUKNEY'S GALLERY. No. 707 Broadway. PHOTOGRAPH*, IvoKrrrras,- Mxvurvxs* a OtuandDAqcmnJUsoTrrms. [Advertisement.]GAS FiXTTjKES.—X)ealers and others are invite* to oaU at our great depot for Oas Fixture*. A targe,**^ of nesr patterns now on hand. W A H N H S . P»OK k Ccv, isa*j»0>o«»reB%<_>< No. 679 Broadway. ....*.._ •• (AdTerie«en4.J'" '---_ ,—J*Ji How TODOIT! If you wjahailnehewl,of HMfY;use LTON*S KATKAikoiri tbe best and most popular Pf**"**"*10 00 Lucius Hopklne50 00 A.lm« giver .....20 00 D. H - 500Mm.J**.MoBride.Total. « *W . A . BOOTH, Treasurer, N o . 95 Front «tnx>t9; ;X COUNTER CHARGE.—Daniel Biggs of Brooklyn ever made. lUimmense sale proves its exoellooofc « iTM TMall Dandruff, tu>, prevents the hair from and preserves it, and is delightfully perfumed.Mexico.PrevioustoherdepartureCapt.Holllnsre- metBiggsatCapeMay,andonedayasshewasget-ft^treetedbyWm, and be took ber te rbis lmm.i »ad^ her several presentf.aMnaa^steamers, the Harlem Railroad trains took up to Mmc%the influence ot the scene, may exceed the bounds of propriety, but the regular invocation is always short. , ''A BOARDER A T THK HOICK. [Long or short, in this as in many other cases, de-locked up for examtnation by J-stlce Steers. .0'RUNOVER.—A<nl'dfouryearsofajje,namedJohn Markwart. wa^, *** over and instantly killed at the oornor-of AJlon ard^M*1 streets yo-terday morning. Coroner CKoofri helda»Inquest on tho body,when it was shownthatthode- ceMed was endeavoring to climb upon a heavy track, when healipped aad fell beneath tho hind wheel*, ono of whioh passed 100 00 Chas. C. Colgite BOO0 over bis bead Death w a s almost instantaneous. T o * juryguooesa- Dr.J.IVMA**^ ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^^Ehl immediately fiedVH -..- - / S ' 'jj'^, Jfcft'. v ^ i U Uwww.fultonhistory.com 