 J U K IOrtiosB I OJac*.3 f i ^ t j £AOiJOMT or mmo at -Do* Osevasnn.On-CuxioeiAnotner case of resistance to the Fugitive Slave conservative interests of these three States. Let tar occurred at Iberia, Morrow county, Ohio, onThursday laat. After a negro had been captured them secure the election of Governor Foster onby the United States Marshal and his deputies, and, the Oth day of October next, and we shall hear titer examination, had been remanded to the cus- no more of straight Douglas, straight Breck- tody of hto matter, one of the deputies was inridge, or straight factious tickets of any kind.for tbe Presidential election in November. Tbe Union ticket will carry all three of these States if its success it secured in the October electiontbe United States "have any self-respect they will put down the illbred and impertinent rab- ble which presumes to interfere with the free movements and comfort of a gentleman travel- ting in no official capacity, and declining all public ovations."No#, While all this is to a certain extenttrue at to its conclusions, it it not exactly cor-rect in its conclusions. It is true that the Princecomes here in a sort of semi incognito, but hedoes not travel like a private gentleman byany means. On the contrary, he has a royalsuite, which includes one of the Ministers ofthe Crown, an officer of tbe Queen's household,a Governor who is a Major General in the ar-mv. a physician, an equery, and to on. Tbemovements of the party too calculated ratherto incite than to repel curiosity. Evidentlythe Prince courts and enjoya popular favor. ing boles, to fit a man to wear CongressionalLAUBA •Mima* Be*i m K W B TTHKATBk.negro behind him.l erschel V. Johnson, one of the candidates fortilt Vice Presidency, on Saturday evening addressed a large meeting of the democracy at Pittsburg, Pa. He spoke la favor of non-interrention with the righto of the Sea*, tad hit remarks were received with much enthnatoam by the vast assemblage.the good will of the merchants of New York. and they can and should do much towards bringing it aboutC'nlon sir Dl»wni«m—\VUlinnt L. T Verin* Wllllnm H. Seward.We published the other day, in the same poli- tical chapter, a characteristic epeech of Hon. William L. Yancey, delivered at Washingtontrading and bartering pollticians who control be productive of future benefits to both oswsiitas, a a the numerous grog shop cliques art still buy not very probable that any immediate results will be as- endeavoring to force upon the public repre cemplamed. The President has DO authority to set It re- sentativeeoftheirclassformembersofCon- gardtetbequestionswhichttfatallegedhecomestooeWS»*asBnWe*Ma«SWa**» 0 1 » 0 HftOB ANDexceed 6*,000 tons. Prices have not varied throughB A M V n AMBBICAX MPM0M,KTIIIIIMI Icasfti *•» Ha - L m « agress, at if a man whose only education and associations have been in the alehouses and brothels of the city is qualified to represent a commercial city of the wealth and intelligence of New York in tbe halls of Congress.gotiate Ooogrers must first antbortse him to more M tbe snattar; abas body, and that hudy oalr, bat the fewer to remove any safest restrictions which scat at the commercial intereocrseSBTAllW MIHSTRILt, Milintttn' BAD,«t Broadway. - , Senas, Dasom, AX-JACK OABB.aatil Congresswill hardly moTt inwlU bear what Mr President may be iadaeed to submit tbetenttoa of Congress in hitK o n - A r r l v n l o f t h eFARTHXB POUT, C E., Sspt.!1 I H M tALOOW. isBAU.Broadway.—SMUTftCimnxu.'*In oar paper thai movnitg we give some extractsfrom oar exchanges Iwtatohiag interesting details on Friday evening last, and a brief report of a of the movements of the Prince of Wales daringthe tat day he was in Canada and the first of hto campaign speech of Mr. Seward at Dubuque. arrival in the United States, with additional particu- Iowa, on the same evening. It was a remarka-It needs something more than the atmos- phere of the City Hall, or our numerous driek-K ATTOBAJ. TWBATKB. Chatham atrest--J»sra,S I>aSflS- tsni MIMIC l u w r - T H UOLLT aUemssa.C vvrBRBCBVMUSICBALL, MSBroadwayHe drives about in open carriages, with four horses, and at Chicago he shows himself to tbe people several times, according to advertise- ment, and in a very marked manner* As to the Detroit reception, we have no information that the crowd behaved in any tude or unseemlyrobes with an honor to himself at well as those whom he represents. A person, to discharge the duties of that office at It behooves a man occupying that important position, hat some- thing more to do than simply to drink whiskey, smoke segars, and vote like an automaton. AMew Vwk, Monday, September J**, ISGO.There are ao signs of tbe steamship,about t a e , with Liverpool dates, via Loadonderry, to tbs 14th instant L^hl westerly breese. Weather clear and cold. «_»«___»«««_»»Heratbe1V.Jobnson In PJttennrsr. PrrWBcao, Pa , Sept. M, IStOGov Johnson, one of the democratic candidates for tbe Flee Presidency, arrived bare yesterday noon, and wat escorted to the St. Charles Hotel by the democratic Com- mittee of Reception. Be was called upon by a large asm -T h eH e w s .r r c r n jI mlted »tavconduct the Wail ***£g*f& mpruamenittenterintoatreatyofcommercewithJapan. Atlastadvices the oiti.ials empowered to negotiate were hitters and lottery policy men to go to Con-at Jeddo. grees, are the ruling impulses of poli- In New Granada the federal government appearsto be triumphing in all directions, and several re- tical committees and conventions, and verses on the part of the revolutionists are reported. their whole policy it summed up in In a recent engagement the Governor of the State the explosive declaration of Dean Richmond, of Hantander is said to have been made prisoner. "Damn the national election! the local officesThe Governor of Panama has had his attention are what we must look out for."' Now theger & Co. to split the democratic party at the Charleston Convention, where it received its death blow. But the days of the rotten old concern are numbered. Those whom the gods would destroy theyfirstdrive mad. Tammanycalled to the Chiriqui Thompson grant, by an arti- cle in the New Yoax HamALn. and the Attorney Oneral has been directed to institute an investiga- tion. The Governor, in his message, declares the grant null and void.people are beginning to open their eyes at the inevitable suicide which must follow the prac- tice of such a national policy, for they see and feel that it to on our national existence thatMr. Yancey as the enemy of the constitutioii, without which the Union to the South is but an engine of despotism and subjugation.Hence the earnestness of Mr. Yancey's appeal to all the conservative elements of the North, and especially of New York, to combine for the common purpose of defeating Lincoln, because, with his election, Mr. Yancey holds that that Union which is the Union of the constitution willhave ceased to exist, and the South will be driven to the wall. And how can it be otherwise, with this active crusading Northern holy anti-slavery alliance installed in power at Washington? Looking, then, at the practical meaning of this speech of Seward and this speech of Yancey, we see that they are both charged with the combustibles of disunion—aggressive on the one side, defensive on the other, but both drift- ing to the same ultimatum.What say our conservative commercial inte-rests of this city—union or disunion? Is it notmanifest, from the programme of Mr. Sewardour owrUest recoUections and first explorations in the storied page are crowded withreminiscences of the Princes of Wales. In this respect we are all Englishmen; our imagination it appealed to through the same medium. Eve- ry child will tell you the story of tbefirstPrince of Wales, or of Edward, the Black Prince, and his heroism on thefieldof Cressy; of that mad- cap Hal, of whom Shakspere gives so brilliant and vivid a picture; of the young Prince Ed- «trd, and his little brother, the Duke of York, who were murdered at the command of their cruel uncle Glotter; or of the hunted Charles, and his concealment from the Puritan troopers in the famous oak. Thus the visit of the Prince hat a poetic and romantic interest for every young man and maiden (especially the maidens)the swine described by the poet Coleridge, it continues to swim down tbe stream, but with every stroke it cuts its own throat The defeat of its nominations in the ensuing elections willThe claims of the United States against Pern are our local prosperity depends. Therefore it isthat a political revolution has been made, though the politicians do not see it, and will not admit it until after the election shall have left them all high and dry. The popular votebe relieved of its loathsome pretence. It hatlong been a nuisance in the nostrils of all de*still unsettled, President Castilla, who, by the way,has quite recovered from his wound, refusing tosettle the question or submit to its settlement byHUV other than a third friendly Power. This propo-sition, it is understood, has been rejected by our go- cannot be brought to divide and subdivide vernment. The President of the Assembly, who is the itself, to advance the interests of a few despe-cent citizena, It has arrived at that stage of unchanged: sales last night and this morning 11,600 bosh els Illinois at f t c a St^e. Barley in demand, at prices combined corruption and imbecility that it it under the views of holders. Canal freights advanced lc. an object of disgust, but not of fear. This on grain: flour 38c , wheat 12s., corn l i e , to New York;barley 8e to Albany. Lake Imports—27.000 bushels old Indian squaw hat lost all her pres- wheat, 18,100 bushels barley, 6.900 bushels oats. Catige and her power, like a harlot who has nal exports—8^90 bbtt flour. 31.400, bushels wheat, 18,800 bushels corn, * 700 bushels oats, 16,100 buahenBishop of Arequipa, has introduced a project of a new constitution. Guano contracts are still sub- ject to the approval of the President only, a bill to pisoe that pon-£r in the hands of Congress havingThis feeling, which it running like a steady tide through the hearts of the people of these tia go. The report of the Minister of Marine, which three adjacent States, to inaugurating a new will be found in the newa from Chile elsewhere, is era in politics and parties. The multiform interesting. The weather had been quite severe ramifications of the commerce of New York,run her course of tin and revel, and, worn out with vice and disease, hat lost her charms, andand her braves do not now bring home the cent. prcBaluiD.been defeated.The ( hilean Congress was still in session at San-in the land.aid traders look at the thing in a business point of view, and consider the Prince as the repre- sentative of our beet customer and good friend; then he it a fine, manly young fellow, full of animalspirits,and animated apparently withboabenoora. Shipmenta-1,200 bbls flour, 117,500 buss- els wheat. 128.000 bushels corn, 84,000 bushels oatt. Freights firm aad advancing: He. ea corn, aad Its. onand some wrecks are reported. A sea captain onthemanufacturesofNewJersey,and theminingscalps of her enemies, but lose their own. The Wigwam is silent and sad, and darkness reigns in the Coal Hole. The neglected tomahawks are eaten up with rust, and will be sold by auction for a song after the election, together with the whole rotten concern and all that appertains toCmconuxi, Sept. 22,1869. Flour market openea active, bnt closed dull and nominal at 84 90 a 86 for superfine. Whiskey steady at 18,'c Money steady at 10 a 12 per coat premium. Sight ex-change on New York firm nt % per cent premium.T t o e T u r f .TBB FOOT MILE RA.CI TO-MORBOW—OA*^ ^ y ,BBOXB DOWJi—IM BAGS LffT 7Q PLAfiBT ASO COMOASSBtThe tportlog community in tM city, who kavt beta an-ticlpatlng with such interest the great kC? »°* U.** raoo between the three fleetest thoroughbreds on .. American turf, which takes place to-morrow. on the Fash - ion Course, Long Island, were thrown into a state of exhis way from Valparaiso to Arica, reports having and manufacturing interests of Pennsylvania,s<eu an island fifteen miles long, which had just constitute the heart of our national orga-beta thrown op from the sea.In Ecuador affairs seem to be all in favor of nization. Their sensitive pulses are quickFiores. Franco foiled to get any sympathy at to feel the evil that presses on any portion ofCuajaqoil. He is said to be committing outrages the body politic, and thefirstto give the alarm whenever he can. He withdrew the exequatur of danger. They perceive the ruin that willand the warnings of Mr. Yancey, that Lincoln'selection will administer a staggering blow to the true spirit of his gallant ancestors, and thisfturn Mr. Casenova, United States Consul at that port, and that gentleman had gone in search of* United States vessel.la Central America everything was quiet. Therecome to all if the fanatical theories that ani- mate the black republican party are allowed to control our national policy. The New York merchant foresees that the establishment of theovation. The ladies will light his pathway with their brightest smiles, and the young men willtion wQl b/o turned out to starve, or to earn an hon«»t!!:l:g, if they know how.i« no news of Walker, whose fate is not yet known.Tae news published a few days ago to the effect black republican's favorite idea—an 'irrepres-tle aurprlsing that the newspaper press of Indiashould be so far behind the Sge; consider^ sorrun.that it is the product of English enterprise andcapital, and more particularly when we con-sider to what an advanced stage of progressnewspapers have arrived in the neighboringBritish colony of Australia. The leading jour- American reception of their youthful charge. nessed them, and before she becomes a subjectnal in the latter place is printed on one of Hoe's That he enters fully Into the spirit of it is alrea- of tradition. Who will undertake the work ? great prize will, therefore, be contended for by Plaaet lightning presses, which throws offfifteenthou- dy apparent All our reminiscence*, tbe his- and Oongaree alone. This circumstance it to be regretIMPORTANT .IF TRUE.—A black Republican ed, as there are vast numbers of tbe patrons of the torf newspaper of a late date making a great boast centuries, are concentrated In the huzzas with Boston cotemporary says:—"There is a rumor from tbe Southern and Western Suits who have come tothai he bad been shot, was only a rehash of the news received via Havana, by the Spanish Steamer Francisco de Asia, which sailed the day Walker was placed in confinement at Truxillo.An extra session of the Costa Rkan Congress hadvaluable and instructive addition to our poli-the rumor to be. unfortunately, too well founded, aad his non starting for the race it certain. While galloping in . hit exercise, on tbe track, on Saturday, he struck toe fet- - look of one of bis fore legs so severely ss to cause it to swell to an alarming extent, and utterly prevent him taking any more exercise for some time to come. Thebeen called, but for what purpose is not known turning of Southern markets to the fostering of President Martines, of Nicaragua, wag stfll in ail" Southern industry, and the consequent esta-lap health, and it is said be will resign next Jan- uary.blishment of 'an irrepressible conflict" in trade at well as in moral and social ideas. And a still greater element of strength in the newsand sheets an hour, while wefindan Indian tory, tbe poetry, tbe romance of England for ten that the Bombay Tunes and Standard has just which we greet the Prince of Wales.W'e have received an interesting communicationIrom our Salt Lake correspondent, under date oftie 3Cth uit. Judge Flanigan, the newly appointed political era will be the contemplation by thein New York that the NEW YORK HERALD has the city with the sole object of teeiog this race.York; stock os hand, ItjOOO obi*. Lard, 360 rs. Roam, 6H500 in bond. Sperm candles, lij2000.for Governor in Pennavlvania. To (bis objectnow should be directed the united efforts of tbeoccasion of tbe Prince of Wales' reception. this liberal sediment pervades the country, the Tbe Detroiten are said, by Haw authority, to imperial government will be compelled tohave behaved "more tike aa emancipated make further concessions to foreign trade, lanagerie than a body of civilized men." Fur- order to keep ground against tbe iwvolutionarrther along we are told that if the people of party, and that we theil probably obtain rollerthree or four dozens of prize fighters, shoulderremained twenty-four hours, when he returned to Lao ilngburg, reaching home last nlgbt. Hit escape Iron Instant death was most miraculous, as the balloon was driving along at the rate ofa mile a atauto, when he was dashed against tbe stone wall. He says it was s more fearful aad perilous desoeat than was made when he lauded in Jefferson county on bn trip from St Loan.Markets.^ 4 _ "aw OauuBB, Sept. S3, IStOCotton-Sales to day 4,000 bales at lOtfc. a 10','c. for middling. Flour H 25 Provisions quiet aad unchanged Freight tad exchange weltered._ ^. OswarKj.asBt. 2S-SP MFtourdtdl.betnaebaaged. Wheat held generally shore the views of bayars, and market quiet: sales this after- neon 3,600 bushels No. 2 Chicago Spring at $1 06>j. Cornrate and shortsighted politicians, to the utter exclusion of the great national interests which underlie people and politicians alike.Tammanysible conflict" between the North and the South—will cause his trade to dwindle, and the value of his labors to the North to shrivel. The manufacturer and miner of New Jersey and Pennsylvania see in its realization theChristmas reading, and be at the same time a Daniel Beone, had broken down. On inquiry, we founddistrict Judge and the successor of Judge Cradle- farmers of all these States of crowds of rovingbsugh, with other newly appointed federal officers, negroes, liberated by the black republican proprietors on their enterprise in substitutingand the celebrated New Jersey stallion George M Patcbea(Contend together at two m!!c heats. They are matchedfor five hundred dollars, to go it baroees, ore* the Ceatre-ville Course, I. I . and this race will is al! probability de-arrived at the city of the faithful on the 39th ult!Th«firsthand cart trainovertheplaintfromthepolicy, hiving northward in that imaginary ne- it for the old machine, which, It appears, took J5J> Paradtoe, the black republican's home. five hours to print one thousand copies. Trulythe Embassy in this country had created a great 2 S S ^ ' , S 2*. l*««-« Judicial OMirt. in Boston, the eh!e the question of Superiority between them at thm dis-Es>t arrived oat on the 30th; the emigrants accom-panying it experienced considerable hardship dar- The effect that will be produced by the the progress of British India is marvellous!p* ntiin claimed damages for personal iBJories, by being sensation and much gratification among the v l i e B l ! y ^JW^lromacaratScarborouth, Maine. Toetance. Mr. Watermire, tbe owner of Patchen, has an-ing the last week of the journey, in consequence ^ m i n g northward of hundreds of thoa- of getting short of provisions. An ox cart tttan,WHICH rs THE MAX ?-Hon. W. L. Dayton, ofpeople. There it alto a very important feature defcnee was based upon a regulation established by the nounced bis intention of withdrawing him from the trott-Railroad Gnnpanj, by which tbe purchaser of a through ing turf after the 10th of October, and putting to tb* stad. In this newt, which, If true, may have a moat ticket by tbe morning train to Portland was obligedcountry, It wat generally supposed, and to the day The Court ruled that tbe right of tbe plaintiff match. depended upon tbe contract which tbe defendant madeand three hundred Americana, Swiss, British and French emigrants, arrived outfromthe States on the 29thoft.; their entrance into Salt Lake City was made an occasion of job dee by the "Stints."New Jersey, in his elaborate speech at thein th. ett^*\Z*^ m a j D0W b« foreseen Cooper Institute the other evening, represented cheering influence on our commerce with that to step over and take aaotber train hi tbe after part of fose muster numerously to see this their test great** te tiie Wah alt from Perntm- L.W. H* a^l&tfawaV InWaWTfa *BiUf«bte torr Clans, inself defenceagainstthe destructiveThe Untt#«f «t»t*« et»t_ >i«~. I- . -# t —NIW FORK HERALD, MONDAY, 8KffHPH» M, — — .'••«' '*'' _<»*.•.1860.T | |«i»cr©fe. Theere*of sn«ar, htoestimated,w21 It it founded in the material interests of the . whole people, its arguments come home to 9 f | s »of the reception of the imhttnrlort tn thiscountry, and the account they will give tbem-wvlTf« «Mfcb hoepitabletoStUi^ themag-nineeaee of the United States, and[the ladust£of ito people, will tend to make the treatyt ~ _ ~ — . W T A H T TJNEW YORK HJUiAXa/. Uurtortof tat ywbj14,000MM*,todwfflwtBan's pocket.»«It 1*1 • * » « « ^ aw** the month. Total shipments since October 1,1859, the whole country ^mnphantly. Tbe throes 46,906 tons. The yield of cotton is expected to be of tie bir& , « seen in the efforts at politicallarger than the average. Hides have declined to1124 rs. for dry salted. Floor is quoted at lejfOOO a teart the life currents of the Union are qClck- 20*000 for Philadelphia and BJchmood; receipts for ened, and its first act will be the election, inthe month, 5,120 bbls. tan Philadelphia and New October, of Fetter, tftt conservative candidate-*cure and perpetual, and to render the party tbe people of fiffcott em tit* J p r l a o e H*0 W H ^ l ^ f c . fftfltassailed by a crowd of armed negroes and whitemen, hit clothes torn from hto body, his warranttad moseytakenfromhim,tadtnattempt madeto hang and thoot him. Finally his hair wat cut in Pennsylvania. This event may depend upon short, and he was allowed to depart, leaving theJ m.THIi< THB CONGRESSIONAL-Of Tnxs ChtT,POSITION.—Thelars of his reception in Detroit.The racer Daniel Boone, who was to contend inthe great four mile race to take place over the Fashion Coarse to-morrow, while taking his exer- cise on Saturday last, injured himself so severelyble coincidence that at the same time, although a thousand miles apart, the great special cham- pion of the Southern pro-slaveryfire-eatersand the great apostle of the anti slavery black re- publicans should be edifying us in the HEitai*P atP UMdLlreof» S 1??•*"»••*** ^ therepublicansatthe most conservative,con-with tbe corporation; and by a rule applicable to all con-hundreds in the southern tier of counti*. in Pennsylvmtta,Ohio, Indiana and r ^ X H ~ tile legislation necessarily mettt them at e « n tciliatory and nationally patriotic party withgiven out by the imperial government that thefuMOP in the three great States from fjbot*tjTbesteamshipAdriatic,fromLiverpool,12th thathewillbeunabletorun. Theracewill, office,asifYanceywerewhisperinginoneear way. ItwasagoodfhumoredcrowdVacheer- memberofCongressitcalledupon,notonlylost., with three days later news from Europe, ar- therefore, take place between Congaree and Planet and Seward in the other, each his peculiaring crowd—a most enthusiastic crowd—a crowd such as the Prince may have seen in Hyde park when the Queen.distribnted the Victoriato look after the interests of the district which he directly represents, but to take a sur- vey of our widespread domain and a states- manlike view of the bearing upon the countryalone.The salsa of cotton on Snurday embraced 1,600 balesThe supplies of new cottons are yet so light tfaat no re-gular quotations nave been established. The new the acclamations of the people, and had proclaimed yield arrives clean, and generally In good condition, and Victor Emanuel King of Italy. The Neapolitan la wanted for export. It ranks higher than old cotton of tivy had refused to follow the King to Gaeta. the same grade. Old middling uplands are quoted at insurrections had broken oat in various portions lOJi'c., Florida middling old do. at the same figure, and of the Papal States. Kew Orleans and Texas middlings at lOjfc, a l i e ; as The Emperor of Austria had determined to grant supplies of Gulf cottons are very light, the*e quotations Important reforms in Hungary, with a view of con- m»y be considered somewhat nominal; middling (air aew Gulf cottoni were selling in small lota at 13c. a 12>»c. Ciliatlng the people. Thefloormarket was heavy, sad sales moderate; the re- The harvest was progressing la Great Britain, ceipts ware large, sad the torn or the market In favor of the weather being very favorable; it was said the the purchaser. The receipts of wheat were large, wheat crop would be a full average and of fine and priest 2c. a 8c. per bushel lower. Cora was also easier. Private letters by the Europe be satisfactory. Breadstnf& were dull. Cotton were sot encouraging. A letter was received by wasfirmat alightly increased rates. a shipping bouse here from Its Liverpool friends,rived at this port at half-past twehre o'clock this morning.Garibaldi entered Naples on the 8th Inst, amidstviews to our special attention.sented. In bis last Friday evening's speech at Dubuque, Mr. Seward said that "the national policy on the subject of labor has been for the last forty years erroneous, false and tending to ruin, and it must be reversed;" and that it it the policy and the purpose of the republican party "to circumscribe slavery and to fortify and extend freedom." "They would insist that the remaining Territories and all that may be hereafter acquired be free Territories and free ThesteamshipAriel,fromAspinwaQ15thinst., (whosepreviouslettarshadbeenoragloomytoneregard States."Mr.Sewardalsoremarkedthat"Mayor arrived at this port yesterday, bringing the passen- lag the prospects), stating that two weeks more of good Wood had made the discovery that we were acrowd was a little too large for the ground it stood on, the circumstance will be duly noted, and will produce a good effect upon the people of theothercitieswhichthePrincemayvisit. They will be very careful not to Infringe upon the rules of " that honest and simple republican courtesy" that our fossilized contemporary talks about Everyone will recollect how disgrace- fullythemobinPhiladelphiabehavedwhen the Japanese Embassy arrived in that city. The torrent of popular disapprobation which those occurrences called forth acted like a charm upon the rowdy population of New York, whoreceived We Japanese with the utmost cour- tesy.We are not at all surprised to hear that the gentlemen of tbe Prince's suite were astonished at the warmth of the reception which they re- ceived when they landed upon our soil. The cheers that rang out from the thirty thousandbers of Congress; they are the guardians hour's length in fbvor of BOB Intervention, which elicited of the national treasury, our Territories, the moat enthusiastic applause. Several ether speakeri fol- army and navy—in fact our national prospe- lowed. Gov. Johnson leaves to night in tbe tweirsquality, and that the barley and rye crops wouldrityandtherespect of ourflag,at home andupon the seas, depend upon their action. Theyare called upon to legislate for our republic inall its varied interests, spread over a wide ex-tent of country, from lakes to gulf, and fromo'clock train for tbe West,Fugitive Slave Case tn Onto. Cufcrwan, beet. SS, 1SS0On Thursday last the United States Marshal, accom- panied by two deputies and eight or tea men, want to Iberia, Morrow county, Ohio, with warrants to arrestweather from that date would give England a yield equalgers, mails and over one million of dollars in trea- to that of last year. All thoughts of those engaged in the trading people, and that our trade would ceasesure, brought to Panama by the San Francisco trade bare are tamed towards the next news, by the if the republicans came into power;" but, said steamship of the 1st tat; also important news from Adriatic, which, it is supposed, will prove decisive one the Sage of Auburn, "to say that trade It theand political interests. Are these pothouse Kentucky, about four months since One negro was cap. tared by the Marshal after aa eiammattoa beforeCentral America.The newsfromJapan, brought to San Franciscoway or the other, since no steamer due at this port in months, if hi years past, contained more Important news to our country than that on Ms way by that steamer.great occupation,'the one idea, of the American people, is a lie."Mr. Yancey, In Washington, meantime, ad-dressed the people "as the friend of the con-stitution, and of the Union under the constitu-tion, and as the enemy of any other Union,politicians, who look at public affairs throughthe atmosphere of our grogshops, and havetaken their several Initiative etept in govern-mental affairs at the City Hall, as members ofthe Board of Councilmen or Board of Alder-men—who are not only unable to make acommissioner Newhall, he was remanded to tbe caa- tody or bat former master. One of tbs deputies upon by a crowd of sixty or seventy and white men, armed with guns and ptstois>' his clothes were torn off, his warrant and money taken, and aa attempt made to bang aad then shoot him. Aftercutting his hair abort bo was allowed to depart withoutby the bark What Cheer, from Yokohama to the1MilofJuly,isquiteInteresting. TheJapanesecor-1Parkwas steady, with salesof aew mess at tit 80alegible and intelligent reportfroma committee, the negro. The other deputy was fired upon when at-but can hardly write their own names—capable tempting to arrest the third negro, and returned the are, of discharging that important duty? Are these shooting tbe fingers off of one of tbs rioters, batthe men that New York should tend to Wash- obliged to have without securing the prnoner.vette Candinmarrnh arrived at home from San 619 40, and new prime at $14 a f14 25. Sugars wereFrancisco, carrying the news of the arrival of the steady, withsalesof 700a 800 hhds. Coffee was Am Japanese Embasy in the United States. The and quiet, freights closed with more firmness, sad'Japs" were taken by surprise at the flattering new* received of the gorgeoosneas and hospitality extendedtotheirrepresentatives,batanxietystill exited to bear the official report from the Em-wheat wat engaged for Liverpool, as bunt and bags, at ltd.Progress of Oat Conservative Idea—The PopmlarMovemeattattaeThreeCen- t r a l S t a t e s .come from what source it may;" and he hopedthat men were present "representing all parties freemen who saluted the Prince at Detroit had ington to speak for her in our national coun- Accident to Mr. La mountain,enemy of the constitution—the black republi- advices, between the Princes of the empire, has politicians in the three central and commercial can party." Mr. Yancey also referred to thebassy. The hostile attitude, reported by previousThat the people will throw overboard thetheir future King—the immediate representa- tive of the sovereign. They desired to prove their affection to the person of the Queen and their attachment to the home government and at the tame time bad something to gain by to doing. In this country we have no such feeling. Tbe reception of the Prince to in no sense a political one. To be sure we recognise the fact that England is the only great European Power whichisfreefromtheshacklesofabsolutism,and that, like the United States, tbe toil of Great Britain offers a sanctuary to the oppressed of every clime. This is the common bond of sym- pathy between two liberal governments, and may be called political to a certain extent But the coming of the Prince stirs other feelings. Old England—the land from which we sprang, tbe land which gave us our language, our com- mon law, our religion and our literature—tendsthe blackguards from the City Hallforcedupon them.been reconciled by compromises. The real cause States, or compel them to forego their pettyof the difficulty is not known to outside spites and schemes against a union of thebarbarians, on account of the conflicting and conservative interests for the defeat of Lin-coutradktory reports. Foreign merchandise had coln, has long been clear to us, and it is now and princely merchants—let her eee to it thatTAMMANY HALL THE SOURCE OF POLITICAL do and dashed against a stone wall, knocking bin sense CORRUPTION IN THIS STATE.—The fruitful less but breaking no bones Tbs basket rebounded and source of all the political corruption was elevated to an equal altitude with tbe balloon, that and rascality in this State it Tammany clearing the wall. It wat tbsa dragged alongthe ground at a fearful speed, aad coming to Hall. It has grown hoary in iniquity, and it contact with a tree stripped tt of i n breachesfound its way to Jeddo; American cottons andwoollens were principally displayed for sale from themselves.the stores of the principal merchants. A well de-fined hostility exists between the native officials The interests which New York, New Jersey andmerchants,the former being afraidthatthe and Pennsylvania have involvedintheresultotLers will get wealthy with the trade with foreign* of the pending Presidential election are tooera. add thus wield a money power. Consequently vast and all-pervading to permit them to bespies are placed over the merchants, and every overridden and destroyed by the contests of ameans employed to reduce their income, in order horde of selfish politicians, intent only on se-that they may have no wealth. A Portuguese curing a few local spoils. County offices, seats man of-war had arrived at Yokohama, prepared to in a corrupt Assembly, and the ambition ofthe South, driven to the wall, does not make a New York of Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah and New Orleans,'" while grass shall grow in the streets of New York.becoming evident to the political jugglersIt is more remarkable, however, that betweei these two men, and their conflicting principles,the commercial and financial interests of New gives him a strong hold on the American heart, York? Let there be union among them, upon so full of generous impulses, to hospitable, tothe common principle of self-preservation, and mercurial, so excitable, and, If we may coin a Lincoln will be defeated, and the schemes of word, so sensational. So the Prince's careervanish into thin air.NUWSPAPIR ENTERPBISB m LvDLt.—It is a lit- salute him with those hearty cheers which we11imported a press which throws off a thousandbeen bought to the interests of Bell andcopies in the same time, and congratulating theanother column some highly Interesting news from Japan, by which it will be teen that the arrival there of an account of tbe reception ofBooby Brooks ?IaroR-uirtiJUntna* DBxawoar—Ia the case pf Josephrasom vs. tbe PorUsnouta, Saco and Portland Railroad 7 8nA11 iJCross to the Crimean heroes. We are at a loss at large of the several questions brought before ber of citiwas. In the evening an immense number of the purposes and tendencies, all the elements and to see why the people of Detroit should be him. The most important and vital interests of democricy assembled in front of the hotel, when be ap- dangers of disunion, North and South, are repre- called "an impertinent rabble." However, tbe peared on the balcony. On being introduced te theaffair is of no great moment If the Wolverine tbe nation are entrusted to the charge of mem- audience by Judge Shannon, he deiirered a speech of aaexceptthatparty"whichhedenouncedas"thequiteadifferentmeaningfromthedemonstra-cils?Letthepeoplelookaftertheseveraltions made by the Canadians. They received Congressional nominations, or they may havetoonist*AiJU_vT,Sepi. 23, IStO.La Mountain, the balloonist, met with a serious acci- dent on.hiB recent voyage from this city. He travelled thirty miles in twenty-nine mlnntes, aad mto land at Bast Lanesboro, Mass, was caught in alate "statesmanlike speech of Major Wood," and said, "let New York tee to it, u she loves her commerce and lovek her palatial housesSucharethebroaddistinctions betweenMr.Seward and Mr. Yancey. Tbe one, inspiredwith tbe prospects of Lincoln's election, hailstbe breaking day of the Southern slave's deli-verance, not by force of arms—oh! no—butsimply by putting the "slave power" under thehydraulic pressure of ananti-slavery govern-ment in all its branches. He will do his greatwork'of making "all the States free State," bya broad and general anti-slavery interpreta-tion of the constitution. No wonder that in thiaJ^18 n 6 r e d l t e r y Prince to greet the sturdy scion Hall bat been reduced to drivelling dotage, and view the republican party is denounced bjT o f a glorious mother. History and romance, all its acts in recent years are suicidal. LikeThen the merchants and bankersit. The political pimpt ar£ ^ ^Seward and the threatenings of Yancey will from Detroit to Portland will be one continued have so km*; live* upon the wages of corrup-tracts, a passenger is not bound by a regulation of which C o u r t c a l e n d a r — T h i s D u y .which the country has been blest for many a revolutionary Prince Meto, who hat been en- be is ignorant; that if the regulation existed, sat tbe Scpxaua • ocI.T—Cutcrrr—Part 2—St*. 1216. 1242, deavoring to subvert tbe present dynasty, was plaintiff bad previous knowledge of it, and refused to 1240, 1248, 1256. 1268, 1260, 1262, 1264, 1260 ISOS, long day. On the other hand, Mr. Seward, pay bia fare upon reasonable desaaad, tbe defendants bad 1270, 1274, 1276, 1278 1280, 1283, 1283, 1284. 12*8,Colonel Si, George Cooke, the newly appointedmilitary commander of the department of Utah,escortedbyeightyrecruits,arrivedatCampFloyd'step,andtheindustriouswhitemanfaevennow veryhostiletoforeignersandentirelyopposedarighttoejecthimfromtbecar,usingreasonableforce1288.on the 18th alt Surveyor General 9amnB*Ban. with a party of assistants, had returned to Salt Liike City, titer having completed the Mogo Sur-veys; Lis report had not been made public.forced to drive them from hto community in order to preserve hto own havings.There are the basef of the new political party Which is founding itself, in tp!if of the pollH-'from place to place, on his Western pilgrimage,' preaches the "irrepressible conflict," and tells as that one republican administration will put *» *nd to Southern slavery. But which of««•» two men speais *J authority- Mr. Daytonfor that purpose; tt tbe plaintiff bad once refused upon reasonable demand to pay his fare, be had thereby broken Us contract with the company, and had no claim to be transported or to re-enter tbe car upon aa offer to pay bit fare. The defendants had a right to use reasonable force, but if they used too much force they would be liable aa treypn&sors for such excess, and if the jary proved that tbe itcfeedat is* servants bad used more than reasonable force liii ~ wculd sire damans, not for th.> «w» ~r •'•-W> h d?fe !HTM*to the opening of foreign commerce; but it hat now come to light that Prince Meto It more of a free trader than the Imperial government itself, and that one of CLe causes of difficulty hat been his dissatisfaction that the whole ooun-Thomas M. TryniskiW * *® a p 0 B tt6 U°n* MM3* I try It not throi"taval I n t e l l i g e n c e .Tbe United {States steam sloop drov*!yn, Cupula iar-ragut, was st sspinwall an tbe 16th intuut, havtag ar rived from Bocea del Torn on the 11 th.Tbe United States frigate Sabine, Captain Adams, sailed from Asptcwail on the lath instant for Vera OrestteS^at"*'309 South Fulton New York 13069tUntitled Documentadvantages from the negotiation of the treaty than were contemplated; aider the view that there was a strong party in Japan opposed to the measure.n g g N g <*_•*•* «»***»» that u»AND THE IMPORTANCEOF THEnantawor am,o a s t * *ocean to ocean; to enact laws to protect anddevelopeitsagricultural,mineral,commercial threeslaves,brothers,whoranawayfrom Germantows,laden down with its vices. Its example has in- and tore the network of the balloon to atoms fectedandcorruptedothercliques and parties Itcontinued itscourse some distance what It came in in this State. The Regency has faithfully copied contact with aaotber tree, throwing Mr. La Mountain out, its depraved maxims, and even refined upon its causing the balloon to co'lapee, end tearing it to tatters.Mr. La Mountain was not conscious for near half an hour, villany. It was the intrigues of Tammany Hall when he was found on the top of a mountain by some with the Regency that enabled Richmond, Cog- men who had witnessed his portions desoeat. He was very badly bruised and cut, bnt not sa seriously injured sstoprevent his riding to a termer's bouse, where bebo the last of i tThe city will therefore soonit despised by her former admirers.Hall no longer wields any political influence inNew York. She it no more like Carnot, " theorganizer of victory," but like Grouchy, thecause of defeat The tight of other days it fled, wheat to Buffalo. Sight Exchange on New fork *«' perThe "History of Tammany Hall." comprisingup from hearts that have never known, .-v-^ n^ all its secret mysteries, would make good citement yesterday by tbe report that one of them,We have no doubt that the Duke of Newcas- tle and the other gentlemen of the Prince's suite will understand the real meaning of thetical literature.mediately, while the deeds of the old hag are still fresh in the recollection of those who wit-It ought to be commenced imTo-day the lovers of trotting will have aaotber, and It CHEERING NEWS rac* JAPAN.—We publish in Everett" If this be true, what is to become of it stated the last, opportunity of witnessing flora TempleWflto go through on that train, and could not be permitted Tbe respective adnurcrs of Flora and Patchen will tlere-.**?•£«*• • »While tbe mission of Mr. Lindsay tobarley.CH7UGO, Sept. 2 2 - « P . M. Floor dun. Wheatfirm,bat le. a 2& lower: tales 00,000 boahebl at 86xc « 87*c for No. 1 Spring, 88c. a 84c for No. ft, hi store. Corn dell, aad lc. a l e . tower: tatat 20,000 bushels st SSc. a 80c., la store. Oatt quiet. Be- ceipts-3^00 bbtt flour, U8W00 bushels wheat, 0,809 www.fultonhistory.com4th Stree 