 THE NEW YORK HERALEWHOLE N O . 8656. ABftlfAL OF THE ADRUnC.MoveBeaelburg,udw.Uui«ip knfutureabodeat ordertopursuetoeliteraryUponwhichhehas»• LondonNmtsnyt—Adjrarosbill,ata»wes a b-anaenpt of the English W0, has been passed b ySUNDA Y MORNING, M A Y 20, 1860.GmrevA,Mayft.180. THELISTniAICIALSEISATIOi. THSOYSTERSLOOPTRAGEDYPRICE TW O CENTS,THE JAPANESE.fWt af tatAnother Short Passage Across the Legislative Cooncil df Victor-. The Aiistrahan mes snre, however, contntss two a-itttmnsl elaasea of imporr n ^ e Td w / „ _ 5 * ^ * 3 ^ r^anaal a the FMe Lr ,___* _ * * " * ommtroetioB of n railway throughaf Hlcka, alias Piratey— Tbe Pest*Ity smwmtwaal la CNITBTDBTAT-8 CTRCUIT COURT.{ SIXTHDAT.Before Baa. Judge BsaaQey.MAT19—IkeUmiUdSlataot.-UaatW.Hkkt,attas Wm. Ji,Kfum-Judge Smalley. to charging tbe jury, eom meneed by saying that tbe defendant to ailatotl tor robthe Atlantic.anon. Thefirm provides that divorce a Batata _ Msro SwjtasrUmdtoexmosrtit^iBdGnrn-tay. "*tat retention fart K. rpanthrTHREE DAYS LATER NEWS. basbod or wife.The Csnrt Journal ssys MdRn. Ptooolomini left LoowsnHeAidoftheNorthern Power*De- manded by M&pJet,Tbey also called upon Mrs Douglas, with Remained a considerable time a ooai mediumoftheirinterpretersJane 9 for Hew York. IA&BIAGE OP PICC0LOMINI.me united Satan mail stoeaiatiip Adriatic, Joseph J.t'on mm,ooo Minces, ss compared with the corresponding month or1860 Tbeshipmentsoflastmonthshowafallingoffo" holdersseemedtothinkthatifanyoverissuehadbeen lowingpropositions,andifithassucceededindoingso,af streag weatorty wtads, with head s e a , May 10, at mine, either in private or in public life, will be unworthy • JO A M , stopped off the Light Ship, a a dense foe, and of one who has received the notice of the fsmst news- wasdemisedthreehoars. Shearrtredhereafthalfpast paper. Iremain,sir,Ac .command In chief of the Emperor. Tbe writer says the in the stock, however, shows that this confidence had its have prcved toat tbe E A Johnson sailed from Coneystave*- M yeator day, with Tour, days taiornsws. s t » was also stopped by the revenue cutter Harriet Lane aff the Hook, aad detained live minutesTOM SAYERS, Champion of England. F r a n c e ,PARIS, May 6, I860.last year's events prove the source of this Information to be reliable.Ennuis, May 9,1860. Tbe Military Committee af Deputies in Its sitting of y e s terdsy, unanimously grsnted the supplies applied for by•fleet upon the market, and as usual, tins rise will be re acted favorably upon the confidence of tbe holders.If any fraudulent overissue of stock has been male, the signature either of Mr. Davidge, President, Mr. RaymondIsland on Tuesday, March 20, about « P M , with Captain Dnrr, tbe Watts boys and tbe prisoner on board ; that on Wednesday,between 6 and 7 o'clocc.tbe defendant came ashore at Staten Island, in the yawl boat of the K. A. Johnson, with a bag nt money—of cotn—and one of clothingTbe Court here succinctly recapitulated the testimony onhntrncnona received from Paris, has declared to the Holy GrandgoiUot, condemning the efforts which are being madebat this proves nothing beyond carelessness and lnad which were found in the possession of the prisoner the Council of Stats. The same Is stated of Count Bar vertence upon the part ot Mr. Hoffman; for, if the stock It has also been testified to by a young lady, in relation tome that the French garrison will not leave the Papal tor rtttry until the sovereign Pontiff himself shall have ac knowledge- that the departure of the French troops oooid mkspmos without any danger to the tranquility and*y of hot States.snsand Irishmen had left Trieste for Anoona, toorder to be enrolled In the Pontifical army.Acoeaata from the Red Sea of a recent data (says theto cause tbe fall ot Count Ctvour. It details the difficul- ties which have been successfully overcome by Piedmont, sad points out the political importance which she has ac quired with the consent of Europe. It extols the policy of Count Cavoar, and condemns him for resisting toe efforts of those who would exceed ihat policy. I-ls article also clearly declares that Europe, s a d France particularly, will energetically d.approve aggression, and that the work of Piedmont a no longer to extend her boundaries,but to assimilate herself to the annexed province*.The Paris Potrfc of May 7 snyt that General Han-koexy.LrvmtpooL, May 9,1860. The steamer Prince Albert arrived at Gal way yesterday afternoon. It toft New York on the 26th ulL,andSLJohns on the 1st InstTbe late telegraphic despatches, vis St. Johns, had notbook Is not kept constantly written up such mistakes aremore than likely to occur, and an entry upon tne wrongtbe daguerreotype, wno cannot welt be mistaken. It was OUR WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE. tbe portratt of "tbe young leoy, and it spoke for itself. She NATIONAL HOTSL, W-SBWGTOS, May 16, I860. swears to you thai she gave tt to Oliver Watts on theJournal dm Havre) stale that Cap*, ds Rossol, of the French bo'di has left for Sicily with an expeditionary corn* dormerAberdeen state that the defalcations of John Blailde, the ia some cases, to cancel stock upon the books when be tne stand she identified a pocket handkerchief whichadvocatewholatelyabsconded,willbeabout£200,000. At nodeoutthetransfercertificates Theonly waytoai- bad not been shown to her, and fhe identified Japanett—TheAbsenceof Women—JapaneseWriting—eavy, bad stgnod at GooJar with the King of Abyssinia a treaty of com—res aad friendship vary advantageous for France.The Pails Petri* adds :—General Garibaldi by acting tons commits an act which falls under the application of the a w against piracyfirst Itwss feared they might be double that amount. He a itated to have obtained advances from the Union Bank or Srotlan*4o the extent of about £80,000, but they have numerous securities, and are not likely to lose more than £10,000, or £16,000.NogoldwastakentothebankonSaturday.About £30,COO Australian gold has been bou ght for the ContinentfhegoldshipsannouncedtobeontheirwayforEng- landaretheJessieBoyle,whichleftonthe_3dFebruary, with 8,287 ounces; White Star, 24th, with 11,123; Result, Stth, 40,660; Omar Pasha, 4th of March, 16,2i4; Great BrUin, 7th, 47,472, Southampton, 10th, 19.260. andthat as the property of her son, and sbe tells you how she identified it by tbe marks and other peculiarities. Next you have tbe testimony of Mrs Burr, w h o swears that her busbaud left oo Tuesday, and she identifies por- tions of tbe clothing which w«re found upon the prisonerThe same journal further says:—The Sardinian Cabln.-t The JSmrd mentions a rnmor that a doable union Is has ordered the Sardinian vessels off Sicily to oppoee with•ertain this is to examine all the certificates issued,and-its is now being done Mr. Davidge offered to pay divi-lends until twelve o'olock last night, but the crowi-tinnedoutbetweenfourandfivep.M. Thepayments Youhsveslsothetenrmony ofthewatchmaker,who will be resumed on Monday, and tbe books will be openedarmed force any attempt which may be made by persons who hove embarked in vessels bntatag the Sardinian dag. too MiiB-hns1 pohhwhes an imperial decree promul- gatingtheawpassedbytheLegislativeChambersfor abolishing, and ineertais cases molifjlng, the dutyhitherto levied on cotton The import duty on cotton lmported into France in French shipping a abolished: that Dos 1 euro himself, will wed the youngest daughter of the imported tn foreign shipping la to pay a duty of 3 francsthertly to be effected between the princely famines of Portugal and Hohanwllem. According to the statement thehereditaryPrinceLeopolddeHohenaoUernSgmarin gen, aged 2b,will marrytheyoungestsisterof theKingvtrb. Acting tn accordance with tbe principle of wh.ch repairedbyhim,aiditbatbeenproventnhavebe-' Itentyouyesterdayonly-halftheletterIhadintended,of Portugal, Donna Anton;t born In 1946), and the King, vHOFFMAN, THB MISSING 8ECBBTARY.I a .nsifae> lietii-oatese government bad ordered all arms andaomiunitK>n »n.en had been uepoettea at (Quarto, near _<JBO», to o«- seized, ana had a so giveu orders for the port of tiruuo to i>e Matched.was adopted by an almost unanimous majority of 306 mat the relations of Russia and Turkey wero -gain as- falcation. His relatives know nothing of bis illness, as precisely the mntrarv. The reports wnich have ao glancing or the eye, and the extreme d°jection and anx-The Opmvmt Saticmale aays —expedition will unite off the laiani of Capraja; they willthen direct their course towards Sicily.iFrom a Marseilles despatch of Tuesday, May 8.Jtoalers for the Minister of War,from the 1st of May, 1860, to the 30th of Jiue. 1861 In order to meet these expen- ses, the additional u x of 26 per cent, hitherto paid, is to becontinaeauntilJuly1,1861,andthesurplusfrom1869ral appearance of firmness, wbich was well maintained to tbe close.Tfi THS ElITOR OF TUB HBB-LD —Tbe trinsfer books for registered stock of this companyNoaewahasbeenreceivedduect from *aiy,butletwrs from Naples to the ttu mst. state toat the tnsurrec is to be used.,realizations were effected by the public, wbich caused an increased demand for loans at four per cent, and the subsequent improvement seemedto aris- chiefly from tbe transectto-8 in connection with the settlement of the account, which takes place on the 0th of May A consistocknotregisteredarerequestedtopresenttbesamefor S. L MERCHANT, Secretary pro ternMa contnui d In the interior of the is_t_4. Governmenthadraisedthestate of siege atPalermo,The Ministry for the present requests the Chamber to vote the said amount without requiring a special account; Such so aocenntwill,however,be hudbeforethe next 1Andtag The Stole reserve fund of 12,000,000 thalersCity Intelligence.THI rxxocRATic VoLrwroRs —At a meeting of the Na- and vessels were in good demand at improve! rates.at arms' JOSEPH MAZZINl • _ _ _ _ _•mglmrna.Tbe Great Eastern m ativerused to sail from 3outhann>VJBtorNewYorkontheft*ofJune.The BOOMof Lords sot only for a few minutes on the 7th' T b e cotton market opens with a moderate demand.liKhedaprocametlonaectanngthetownnolongerIna Salesabout»,000bales, weatherfine. TunPMJCBCba_ib*iow_RSbeidameeting~"buSaturday«—ysoshtstsedtorhnbttnaldmnMsnaras;sadtothe •swwsl, sbnshtte saaos-Mea of maniago amy ha granted wssre thwre has boon desertion for four years, either byT-eopernttoo,for ,—.n,h|M _,,benBdarylinebetWT.n __***"n a »TM«>«»commencedonthe1stofMa; The Borne journals ©ontarn txpMaattons iwnuinllsg the "pori^ which they were the first to circulate, that Francnad effe ed a sum o' 60,0O0,C00 as an indemnity for nil * e privtieges wnwh Switosriaad claims a right to exer aao over too northern pars or tansy, fm s rep wt, aferStesaaeata-r-oay eve.JUJ, where she is to be maprmn msho aaii|iim and Peas Osssinl, A formnl betrothaltank place prior a leaving, and the marriage contract erediole as it ongbt to have been ooasMersd, was eombery and piracy under tbe third section a the M l a The rxsttemsata regard w the rumored fraudulent Congress of 18_0, chap. 118, which reads-" That If anyvctts with M d e Biackenbourg's amendment " i n con- cert with ber G«rman confederates "furni.d a bud aarxct, that l'rusiia and Denmar_ are on the ere of a rupture on the Uolstein question, and ibat Mr Gladstone ha.s found himself compelled to devisereferrei. to by some journals, or of h s whereabouts, andpeered in the HKRALP respecting tbe trial have been ex onedlngly reliable, and I tak* ibis opportunity to say tba' we have relied upon tbe faithfulness of your reporter forIt'.y pictured in b is countenance I never before saw equalled in nature—and tn art only in pictures of the Cri.cifix'or>. He hsd. 1 subsequently ascertained, been more or less ill tor weeks previouslyof voice, coupled with a n exceedingly inquiring look, which raised a general laugh among nearly all save tbe Japanese, b u t unfortunately at tbe same time,took c o s siderably from the dignity of the proceedings. These are little things to speak about, but they are important: and It will be well if. in future, more order, discipline and pre cislonareobserved in conducting such ceremonies. A tittle more forethought yesterday on tbe part of th e an- thorities—such, for instance, as In providing a clear path fortbevisiters,whichcouldhavebeendoneeitherbythe presence of a body of police, or a couple of ropes stretch- ed one on each side of tbe walk from tbe steamer to toe carriages. Asitwss,thecrowdpressedforward at all points, so as to hardly leave room for an uninterruptedIbe Pm'S'sii government dies not coincide with the views of M Von Vincke In reference to the Federal Di<t Prussia does not consider the organ of the German Confe- deration as mereiy exating. bat as having a right to exist.are very much pained and annoyed by the publicity givennew financial * xpedieots to meei the orojected outlay for to the affair. They say, "even if there be a loss it will be our brief of the facts in this interesting trial. Very r<»Ike expe*iuio__r> vessel, which had taken her paperslor Malta, bau pat oat to sea two aays previously Gtsnet». nermann jiineu the vessel immeaiately afterwards,ted the, mateel of proceeding to Malta, went to SicilyThe Pteomootme government made every possiole pro-Meat -gainst tha act of General Garibatoi, wnich may m- uded, or would be concluded under certain emergencies, Austral-, the estate of Messrs E J Wneeler &Co , of for her sake it Is to be wished that the affair had beenspectfully-vours, 0 5 0 . WILI.ARI) 207 BROADWAY, 19th May, 18603A YI.E3.»*lve the t o * Italian Slate in serious dittte-ltlesGeneral Garibaldi, being m connection wttn the commit team Uinaon undertaking tne collection of English sub-scriptions for Sicily, bad, m order to replace the arms wnich be reared would be Mixed by tte- Sardinian gov sr-ment. received other arms, woicn had not passed Uirougb Piedmont.The Teal conlalot LnteLIlgenoe identical wit a that gi?en 0) the emitTbe London \rwt says —Accordtng to advices frombetween Prussia and Austrit London, who failed tn January last, will not b. materially kept quiet; but the company and the great public have aIn the same sitting, tne Minuter for Foreign Ait'-tirs snued that questions bad b en addressed to him froa lwo different quarters ss to whether an si Lance already ex-made good, and that's about the whole of tbe matter." HoCman's mother, especially, is very much excited and distressed by the rumors and newspaper reports, andWhile my eyes were fixed in pitying scrutiny upon him , my ears caught tbe words, * Pull up here, can't you''" ad dressed by one of the vard officials to the driver of a car nage which was to convey the chief counsellors: to t h aisted.MAT 6, I860. in yesterday's sitting the MmMter of Finance, Intro decing two projects of law with the view of obtainingfrom tne Chamber a g"nt ot extraordinary supplies torMelbourne,Messrs.A Wilson,NeDbew&CoTBK TXA Tiuris, May 7 —Tbe deliveries in London estimau'ii for the week were 961,178 ponnds. which 8 an in- crease, of 41,161 lounds, compared with the previoustatement.matter.The effict of this difficulty upon the markets will benoted in »ur financial column.The fo!owing notice has been sent to us for publica-PACIFIC MAIL STBAMSHIP CO_PANY 'S OFFICS, ) Nsw YORK,May 19,1860 ]Bailneii Improving-Market lntelll- g e n i e , & e .Tbe United States mall steamship De Soto.J D Bulloch,commander, arrived at this port at ten o'clock yesterday forenoon, from New Orleans via Havana, with much treasure and 191 passengers to Livingston, Crocheron k oC. Shewasdetained outside thebartwohoursbythe teg.Tbe De Soto left New Orleans on the 12th, and arrived atHavanaontbemorningofthe14th,andleftthatport on the 16th at one o'clock in the afternoon.There was no news of importance stirring in Havana, butproduce wasarriving fromthe interir forshipping,In reply to the proposals of France, England consentstoI/i.vpoN /'BODrrs ASD PsoVISION MARKBT, May 8 —Sugar disease An investigation waa instituted by the titty IB wretches more miserable by returning them where they snd sending their baggage ashore A sort of a majorTews.May7,1860. The PiedmooUsee Gazette conU-U the following, datedrented n ihe authorities or Hamburg to the C»ntra|Park -unanissiouers are expected to arrive here some their hypocritical frauds upon the intelligence of rich unfortunately he does not tufflctently approach theftciliaaa, the hoar has struck. In the name of It. i>on is drtmaahmg The Lieutenant General has pub sols for recount, June 6, 95 -s; 3 per cents, 93J,, )a, H- take can of them during tbelr voyage to this port.Tbe Spanish Bteam frigate 1 vtronilla, Commander Cap He has the roseate tint on his cheeks, aad the tain Jose Martin* x Vinalet, arrived here on the evening ofthe13th,DicedaysfromNorfolx,havingonboardaspas Enginh language very fluently to theandot hisof Clinton sad Montague streets; Stewart street, near tnnker a*mission, and the subtest dropped Mthe undersigned, Charles LouM de Bourbon and de Sugar steady. Ashes steady at 29s. a 29a 6a. for Prospect; Falton street, 8,101, _9, 83, 96. Grand street,<*«b*rs'is the Sbme spirit, by M- Dmrneti, pat a Stop to of Spain — Tallow dull and quotations nominalfae acjamiMd debase on the second reading of toe Re Braganos, Coont de Montemolin, declare in the face of too teans. Coffee suany. Rice steady(rsnawMHaeaesaxd Vise Licences bill, ana the amend world, publicly and solemnly lo renounce now aad for-•MSAk»ostrr tnesecond reading for six months,was than ever all etatmto too throne of Bona, protesting that tha Wivm U_nD_N—ITALIAN OF__A.—We understand thatnear Union. Vanderbllt street, 17,19; Hicks street, 2U; rurman street, 8 10; Lafayette avenue, 62, 64, 66, 68, 60; Swan street, JO,31; North Fifth street, 44,86,88, tO:y m n Qoto that I send you tne first C-oaa messenger, from which he had taken it for the parpen*, I also s iw with tbe onve branch ot poaee, comity, gaosVsrtU and a considerable number ot spsms aad halasrta love,to bind those together who may no more be putasmder. until tbe Ude of time wastes itself Into eternity. tbe hand-ss ot which ware taJaM ''with pearl, Be indulgent with this first essay of our strength, fw rea- and the heads fitted Into heavy awtal sheaths. Some atsonsofathousandhues,andbycultivationwewillde theseweaponsarepassaaidliketbearrowsotoM.Tbey bettor with tbe high examples before us. I send you Tallreports of markets and ahlpplng, besides the very correct are, however, more tar ornament than use commercial review to be found tn tbe Messenger Thewaasasi. sAsr coaaiderable d_s30sn»n, tha -loose di- saerinae which I lay span toe niter of my country Mthe Max MareUek has decided to continue the season for a Pacific street, 860; Third place, 98: Sidney place, 86, 38;'»•»»».wtantheamendmentwasnegativedbySOTresultoftheconvictionwhichIhaveacquiredAtlanticstreet,395,397,399,401.Besidesthese,several cowstsblesandpigpeasinEastBrooklynarereportedsgaitutig _tobtbwasthenroadnsecondtime latoeHaasaatOomssuasVMay8,tnePaper nut/ Re-P»al kill won read a th.^Um- aad passed—-1» ayes, andferty-etsatSBmp-sasaoaowt and equipped for service,tornaval one,beside of 100soaaaam a progressofmana ail ha reedy by toe 1st Aogost nexttn thelast abortive attempt,Oattitseffortswhich shorttimelongeratWinterGarden:forwhatdurationbe mads a my favor would, always wepresumewill depend upon theextent of patronage to civil w a r , wb'ch I wish to avoid at aHConsequently I pledge m y word o f honor hence-awardedtohim.-Thenewseasonopensto-morrow CourtCalendar*-ForMonday. tearthotHavanaremainsperfect,tbeweatheraUtile IWMamused,onenteringtbelowercabin,toflodoneTbe Federnl Councilpossible desty a theaasemson afnCo feresthe leaiiIMOBrAHTFBOMSICILY.wasdurydrawnop.ItMsaidsh«hasrealisedafortunemunicatedtotoeFederalCouncilbyoaooftberepress*overaweofthestockofthePscifi.:MailSteamsUpCompersonshalluponthehighseas,orinnayopenroadstead,OUBSPECIALWASHINGTONDESPATCH. 9t_40,Qr.0bybef orillinnttaleaa The Ma/qaisiss man atrves of SwU-sraad rettdi.t at a 'nreign ooart A s It or to any haven, basin or bay, or aay river, where the se iot property aad nigh family. Pjowhaniwi s name is Qssn- wss generally current a dipkmatic circles, tbe ea-oy pany by tbe secretary of the company continue1 yeater ebbs aad flows, commit tbe crime of robbery \m or npo WASHIHGTOJI May 19,1880. The Departure • € Garibaldi to estmi Her father a Coont Clemononi thought It his dnty to eommuntosto the fa:t to ha govern day, but was not so great as on Frtday. The stock a tbe any ship or Teasel, or upon any of tbe ship's company o Tbe Jsponcet contented themselves to day with payingThePmacorrespond*otIntheLondonPostsays,ac- meat. Thoughtraosullfedwnbthatreserve,theFedera' ofanyshioorvessel,ortheladingthereof,suchperso CocnciJ, according to the Berne GaaHU, regarded H as - company rallied upon the payment of the dividends, ands visit to the Patent Office, and have postponed their visit JalatheSicilians. eerdisgtoofficialdespatcbesthereisnotrothaboutarealoffer,andrepliedthatSwitzerlandw>uldneverbartersolda89*a91K.fasPanamaRailroadstockwasshallbeadjudgedtobeapirate,andbeingthereofeontoCongressuntilnextweek.Theyweredabghtodtotadmod flcatwo of the Spanish cabtnet A subscription for _ . ^ _ _ ? ° »P«»«»*t5<»<lrld,batssystitonlTm aa*«torSi__* * ~ P «--tod tb be again Tns Liverpool Albion says-The Prince de JoinvWe nsileo a the Enropa for Boston on Satunlay, under thenameofFraneead'Are. /The London Koei Paris carrespondent says:—The de-parture of tne Emperor for Nice is postponed anal the treaty between Sardinia aad France shall be ratified.Defentiveworksonanextooaivescalearenull carriedon with great sottvtt- on the coast of Brittany and Nor-for a sum of money any righto she might possess.• B E R K S , M a y 7 , 1 8 9 0 . The Federal Council has issued a fresh circular note, demoBsiretmg the strategic •mportaoce of the neutralise->provinces for the maintenance of tbe neutrality of 3witzerAustralia.Advices from Melbourne are to March 17, Adelaide.March 10, and Sydney, by telegraph, to March 16. A- Melbourne, the Land bill was still under discussion.Tided before the Circuit Court of the United States fortbe district into which he shall be brought, or la which the presents received Uirougb Commodore Perry- h e s h a l l b e f o u n d , s h a l l s u f f e r d e a t h ' ' T o i - g a p o s i t i o n s o c o m m a a d i n g a m o n g f a n a r t i c l e s constitute the offence under this statute, and to eon on exhibition.viet the prisoner noon this Indictment, the governmentmust satisfy you that tbe Edwin A. Johnson was an Ame-rican vessel, and that tbe defendant. In or upon that ves- sel,uponthebigbseasorinthelowerbayofNewYork,wbere 'he rea < bbs and flows, feloniously took the moneycr seme of the money or property described tn tbe in-Mi t o 4 8 , 6 8 4 r e a l sM o B t p D , i e r lpe rpressed down to 180 at the first stock board, bat, from t h e n a m e c a u s e , r o s e t o U S a t t b e n r w r a o o a s a l e . MATTERS AT THE COMPANY 8 OFFICCThe President of the company aenoaasod that the dividends would be paid yesterday upon tbe presentation ofthecertificate*,andconsequentlytheofficeamithelobbyleading to it were crowded with stockholders, eager tohave their deibts ss to the genuineness of their certlfl dictment, from Geo. H. Burr, on board such veasel, or la attracted large crowds. Indeed, itRespectingthegodfieldstheMelbourneHeraldsays:— cateeremoved. Butlittleconversation wasindulgedin; bispresence,againsthiswill,and byviolenceorputtingthat there wore tengrounds. Tbe Japanese occupied n position on tbe portico of the White House, overlooking tbe handsome grounds, and the President remaned with them throughout This waa a daappointment to tbe ladies, who expected that tbey would mingle with them to promoaade.The Japanese are somewhat annoyed at the freedom ef onrAmericancitizens,butexpressthemselvesperfectlynsnsdy. I am assured toat the ottdal retarns show that Accounts from the gold fields are not so encouraging an but the contrast between those whose certificates had him in fear This msy be established by positive or cir-TW treat Eastern to leave Esglud toe Dumber ef seamen Inscribed tn the maritime ineorip formerly; water is very scarce There was a decUne for the past month in tbegold received by escort of 30,413been examined and those In tbe rear of the linewascumstantial evidence. Tbe Judge here explained the character of positive or circumstantial evidence. The government relies upon having proved to the jury tbe fol-Ttoa right Corthe Championship. 82M8ounces,sscomparedwithtbecornspendingmontr insiststhattheguiltofthedefendant is conclusively rs L1TT1_ FBOM 3AYXKS TO THB EDITOR OF THE in 1869. and of 113,617 ounces as compared with the cor made it was accidental, sad not fraudulent, and wouldberesponding month of 1868.THEC L A T E S T .to bbsnk the groat Britmb paboc for the patronage they BY T-LBOttAPH FBOM LONDON TO SOUTHAMPTON.corrected by the investigation. All seemed ready to tabbahed and beyond a reasonable doubt. First, that there ts an American vessel called the Ed win A. Johnson;u m o N TIMES. LOHDOS,Sunday,May6,1800.vouchforHtffman'shonesty,anditwasassortedthatIfbe thatshetolledfrom NewYorkontbe14thor15thofhad made s t y overissue of stock It w a s done through March last, destined for Virginia for oysters. [ Sere th e satisfied with their treatment, knowing t h a our Institu-Rm—-The period has arrived when it becomes m y dntycarelessness or to cover up some previous accidentalpitted against the Old; but one thing I can aay In honesty, The Iondon HeraWt Paris correspondent says:—"Witt blunder. No one seemed to believe him guilty of aay in Simmonds, who chartered the sloop and paid Captaintentional crime. Whether this was tbe real opinion of the Burr $286; and also to tbe evidence of others tn tbe same stockholder!, or whether they did not dare to express any connection ] Next the government Insist that the defen-have bestowed upon me. It is not for me to pass any remark upon my late struggle, when the New World was VRAJlntclerk of the Custom House; Mr. Howell, part owner; Mr.Mr Brady, the well known photographer or your city baa been busily engaged for the last day or two la takisg impressions of the articles brought as presents by the Japanese Fmbatsy The unique character and splendorthat I did mv best lor the land ot m y birth a n t dearest•wbt-ons. I bad opposed to mo one worthy of me, andWhose activity, rapidity and pluck It was no small tssk toencounter sprang from oar own race, the Americana of cavalry, Infantry and artillery complete, amounting t>whom are we going to war next?" is the general question in French miliary circles. Tbe camp atChslons will consiit<'»nt sbioped on board t h a vesnel on the 12th or 13th ofMarch; and here tbe Court referred to the testimony orOmrarT *ar,«-**"-——ontbe8thtnst.,and inherit our best qualities, sne ss our conflicts 40,000,menunderMarshalMcMahon,andwillinrealitybe upontheStock,Itis,ofcourse,impossibletosay,andour several witnesses to prove that fast Fourorfiveof oftheseobjects fully justify thecarewhichMr.Bradyarrived off Cowes same evening. Having embarked the with them have, a the progress of time, ended in the centre of an army of observation for forming along the readers mast determine this for themselves. In and oqt these witnesses tell tbe jury that after the sloop wa> has bestowed, on their reproduction on paper. As tbe aetta end passengers, she tellad again on the evening of peace, so may every bitterness engendered by the lato sidera talis vastly different views of the same thing, some found tbey went to the station house, and on looking originals cannot be scat about for exhibition, It It desira-,h struggleforthechamnionsbippastaway forever. Upon Rhinefrontier,therightwingbeingeaohelwedf-omBesantie ft*, |>essiag « Needles at • : » P. M , from whence my own part, ana that of my children, I humbly offer to con to Stresbnrg", and the left wing from Erz to Lunevllle, limes, and men who hare money a stake generally ar<round each one of them Identified tbe prisonerble that the public should have an opportunity ot grati- fying, in some way, tbe natural interest which they feel to regard to them. These photographic copies will fully satisfy tbe curiosity t h a mum exist on tbe subject Tbey are among the best a the pictures t h a I have seen token by the camera, and will make a superb collection ot still life Japanese taU'aux j kIn addition to these objects, Mr. BradyV-has suaceeded in assembling a number o f pictures connected with t b o visit of these wonderful strangers to Washington, whichtaCapeRaceaheencounteredaconstantsuressiou yonmymostgratefulthanks,andItrust,towhatever eitherreallyorapparentlyhopefuloftheIssue. Therise astheperxonwhomtheyhadseenonStatenIslandandperiod Providence will extend my life, that no act of the whole force amounting to 90,000 men, to be under the on board the sloop. Tbe government also insist that theythis part of the rate. There ts no testimony Introduced The Ureal Britain has arrived from Austral* w,th £190, The Patrif believes itself correct In stating that no de the government for placing the army upon a war footing Mr. Skidder, Director and President pro ten. to conflict with this evidence of identity, and if the juryeat a gold, after a passage of 02 days. The Arabia came ctsion has yet been taken relative to the evacuation ofn osnieet • th the Great Britain whoa gong lato the Rome.The same paper says —It is asserted that Marshalrwr from the London Bastn. The Arabia and rigging of McMahon will take the command of the camp of Chalons svt udecarried away. ToeGreatBritain wasnot in a JunenextThe correspondent of the London Post says:—A very extensive and augmented camp Is forming at Chalons.Advices from Italy received here,state that the Frencl. garrison remains at Rome, and will probably even be re inforced.The treaty between Hanover and England will be pro longed after the 14th of May, but perhaps for s period of less than three months.VIKNXA, May 9, I860.must have been forged. It Is by these sig are satisfied with the evidence of the prosecution, theynatures that tne genuineness ef tne certificates is ascer have two important facts established—that this respon will be invaluable as memorials of the event Owingtared.Ike London Herald of May 9 has a despatch from Rome, There is to bo n grand review that yeartained, and as each is presented it is examined by toes- dent was on board tbe E A. Johnson, and came on shoregentlemen,certified, stamped correct,and thedividend onthe21stofMarch. Theprnseiution asktheCourtto charge tbe jury that, if the defendant does not explain upon it paid. Certificates representing one fourth of lb- wbere he was tor those nine or ten days, It should bewhole number of shares Of stock were \ resented yester taken as evidence sgainst bim Tbe Court charges that day, aad were all declared genuine in quite a number of the fact that be fail" to explain ts a fact for tbe considera- tion of the jury Tbe Judge then referred to the fin lingto the facilities sflorded bim by the authorities, be has f'»enenabledtoreproduceevery remarkable Sonne to which they have figured, from tbe moment ot their arri- val down to the present timeHating that, notwithstanding the statements of the Sar «__aa journal* that the French troops will have entirely tvecaatedthePapalStatesbeforetheendofJane,ItIs certain that the Dote oe Gmmmont, In accordance withPreparations are being made at Toulon and MaraetN<* to receive the siege artillery of the army of Italy, origi- nally intended to reduce the strong places of Venetta% PAXH,May5,1890. The Qmititvtinmd has an article by us chief editor, MWith these It Is his Intention to make a Japanese gallery, to form a prominent feature in the splendid n e w estabPr*ct cr HoneD»iierB. the t'linceea Marie, also born is too 1C0 kilogrammes. Cotton Imported into France by Dream, 13th, 6,618. making a total of 148,624 ounces,IM*.I p to urn J i b of April the injury to the Red sea telegraph eebie bad not been repaired, and consequently leegrapmc communication between Aden and Suez re named interrupted.The price of flours varied considerably in the Parisportef. £632,000 About half of this will oe die during tbe next fortnightThe details Irom Australia regarding the failure of the three large firms at Melbourne are at proaent scanty, but tbe total is believed to be very heavy. Tbe stoppage of tbt&e bouses had of course been followed by that ofhis sppeanoce can do no good, and that it will be impos- sible to disxver him if ha Is concealed; and toe family is, of course, not anxious to have nim make h is appearancean bonest horror of a greal crime, oor sym^st.y for lue defendant, shoal 1 icflcene? your veriici *Alter an absence of tsevto mii'ites tbe jury returned with a verdict of gutltrI said to one of them, Matsmoto by name, whose ac- quaintance I bad previously mate at Simoda, aad who persisted in snaking nands every few seconds oo tbe stiecgtb or it, "Do you feel the sun too hot?" 'No," he answered; "belter hot than cold; I like tbe sun; not liketin pur l a a t from Sicily.-IklBALDl's S-PKUITION TO SICILY— MAZZlNl 3 AP reply to a question of M. Von Blackenburg, said:—Tnearrived.*ration thus far, therefore, maybe briefly stated: Manyproofs of carelessness have been discovered, but nonecfcriminality. Thiscarelessnessmayaccountfortbe andplacedInthebagbearingtbeinitialsofherhusband'sfortifieaticDS anu to prepare for future deficiencies. T h e variety of these suggestions, however, seemed to furnisa tbe best mdica'ioc oi their having been manufactured for speculative purjegeeThe Ttm«i city article, May 9, 8»ys-The EnglishBy these measures the provisional condition of the funcs opened this morning witnoat recovery from the tion—military purposes, said—army, after the mobilization of last year, is to be main speculative depression of yesterday, and rem-lned till Thedifferent vessels BelongingtoGeneral Garibaldis tained Their execution rtquires a credit of9,OC0,0O0 themiddleoftheday,whenthemarket assumedagene-Consols!were quoted at the close at 9 6 \ for money andf-BXa%°rthe 6thJune. A'ter regular hours therewas a stul stronger feeling. During the morning several registry vlthout delay.htt the court martial was to sit permanently.rnaiataa bad sot been resumed.General Baixaao bad demanded a reinforcement of live will renin n untouched. The question whether the Land derable amount of Australian gold was taken to the tional Democratic Volunteers, held on Thursday evening, The United States steamer Mohawk, Lieut Com Craven passage, and cloned immediately behind the procession.people, the events which have taken place in Italy during We last twelve months dearly show that that unity will be so longer a dream, but a reality, when the people who ft 1) groan in chains give a aVjng ana fresh impulse lo ewnts, and rvs&me a vigorous initiative.belie ved to be the principal supporter of the present sys- tem That she a the protector of the Jesuit party in the kingdom of >'spies is s fact that admits of no denial.Seme of the Prussian and Italian papers have learnedfor export. Prices steady •IJVEKPOOL COK.V A.VD BRKAI•STIFFS MAKKIT. May 8 —The business done to-day was of the merest retail chars'- ter Wheat, in the lew sales made, realized Friday'1Srrposxr CASS OF Ymtow FKVER—A sailor, namedday, May 12, and from the character of his sickness was light and Chrttlan civilization The bark Wnite Ctoua,to such an ovation, al fresco. But not a note wan heard: and the salvo of artillery wnich was fired as the Ambassadors stopped ashore wss tbe only insident that gave a national or military character to tbe proceedingswobr Is to be liable to two or three years reserve duty, it not considered in the present projects ot law.t'^m-i men in consequence of Garibaldi s expedition M_ZX1.NI AND IlMi VICTOR KM-M'KL.The following is the text of the proclamation addressed by Ma__.ni tntnoSicilians —SKTUASS —When 1, almost thirty years ago, Inscribed:• UMbanner of Young ilaiy the word "Unity," when 1satd that a popular insurrection might excel Austria fromLombaruy,andoveitorowthethronesof thedespotsoriKirence. Rome and Naples, practical msn taogbed at fer their counsel, and, probably, for their moral support quotation received was "If. 6 c , showing a fractional re- to carry sut tbe objects proposed at tbe start ot their or-Aststrlnv.TUB DEMAND FOB AS8I8TANCK FBOM NAPLES.Foreign stocks closed with a firm sppearance. American Hanway securities continue will a lirm tendency, espe- cially the shares of the New York and Erie and Phila- delphia and Reading, and the bonds of tbe Pennsylvania Central.Henry, o' the firm of Saulsbury A: Henry,as hlssuccessor, *nd that rentlemen waa accordingly unanimously elected, TheN.DV.arenowthoroughly organized,andintendOnr Havana Correspondence. HAVANA, May 16,1860.Vnao-, May 7, 1800. The King of Naples a alarmed, aad, being very anx- wwisforthefuture,hehasappliedtotheNortherncourtsTheclosingpricefromParisfailedtoarrive. ThelastIke White Cloud—Her Minion—A Propotal in Regard ttthe jfegroes of the Wildfire—The Spanith Frigate Pe$rn-The Austrian government a, likely to advise his Majestyto begin his reforms by breaking the arbitrary power ofthe police, and by enforcing the law of the land, but suedcounsel would hardly be of avail, as the feeble monarch;.-completelyinthe handsof the teslgnmgpersonswhsb> foreign bayonets, could stand against tne will of the are around bim The Oueen Teresa, who is In uninter- been a lair business trtnsacted is cott >n for tbe two days,nilla—Sentr Pacheco—Tne (Julian Meuenyer—Health nf par, and as may be supposed, neither enhanced the magaw for iniaxibg of impoaei-le dreams, aad declared as a L'wphian scheme what m now the most ardent wish of every IL_una—the political onKy of that peninsulacovery.Foreign exchanges unalteredThe amount of gold bought by the bank was £220,000.ganization. Tbey have permanently located themselves at 761 Broadway, occupying the entire preraises, witn club roome. council rooms, and furnished reading roomaHaiana, <fc\We send a White Cljud upon tbe waters as a pillow ofclflcenreoftbereception. Itistobehopedthawhenthe Embassy reaches New York, tf not before, these arrange - meets will be Improved upon. A band of music would inr*cbi have justified my assertions; the revolutions of 1*48haveprovedthunotathrone,evenwhensupportedI iVEBFOOL Corron MARKBT, May 7 and 8 —There hasrupted correspondence with her relatives at this Court, is and tbe sales reach 16,000 bales, 2,000 on speculation and Necman Kelly, was brought to the City Hospital on SaturfirebynighttoguidethedarksonsofAfricafrombeatbeodarkness and barbarism within tbo reach of Christian Europe have been considered an almost necessary adjunctbark, bat on the other hand there was a rather large thipment to Brazil.Msy 17,180C, under their new constitution, Mr John Far wsnld sail on the morning of tbe 16th, to cuise off the re11, President of the association, placed his resign-tio- cut end of Cubabefore the Executive Council, wnich was duly acceptedThe retiring president proposed the name of John TThe delsy in waiting for conveyances a the head ot the footwalk waa also s preventive circumstance. Moreover, It waa a mistake on each an occasion, and especially ia fine, warm day, to employ, instead ofbarouches, the close, common hacks snd omnlbusses that were used yesterday. They and their devisers were on sStcihaas ' Be ?ou the first: show that yon have not de- from this tiu- that there was an understanding between rate*, being Id a fcd per cental under those of this dav gave it as 'us opinion that the man died of yellow fever, her ocean path the prayers of the church and beyond the scanty exhibition of troops. A saints ot armsgtser-tec »moe the days of yoor ancestors. Revolution is Baron Bruck and M. Robert,the millionaire, who about a week Flour was difficult to move, unless at some little and made out a certificate of death in accordance Tbe from these last would have been effective, but they re-ptrswurct m scily, says oia Euioj^ ; let it be once more month ago blew out his brains. M. Robert was s de- decline oats firm; interior qualities ^d a Id. per 45 matter occasioned no tittle exc:t»>meDt, and having got all good men.rigct. ana let this time be the last Let Insurrection claied enemy to the deceased minister, and his character lbs lower Barley unchanged Beans and peas wereWe | learn from <'immaa ter Craven, of tbe Mo mained Idle In the back ground.hawk, arrive! here l_tu, that the cargo captured After all tbe Japanese that were landed had toft the byhim,630*ucumber (barkWildfire),arevery yard,andthecrowdhadforsakeiitsprecincts,I,at comfortable,and safely located at Key West It will cost half past one, went on board tbe Philadelphia, wbere I tbe United States a nice sum of money to make the poor found several of the Japanese busily employed tn packingeprtaU from one end to another of your ismnd; fight like was without blemish. It w ss yesterday generally re- nerota, as )ou are la the nsbtt of doing, and yon will be lated that the property left by Bruck had been placedeach 1 6d per quarter lower Indian corn was scarcely ventilation outs'de the hostiita). gave nee to some aia-m Inquired for, and tn the absence of business it is difficult amongst pecple reel en« in the vicinity There appears lofeivequotations,butprioesmaybeconsideredabout tol>enttlicauseoffear,however,fortheBoardofPhv the same as on Friday. While American from -7s. to sirians attached to the hospital disagree with Dr Harris. 39B. per 4*0 lbs and afcrbe Mr Kelly's death tn some other malignant'Ktenoon.TV governm ni of the Bourdons having boon brokendown, « e will proclaim that which Central Italy hasalready enoses—tne only one that can be sailed Italian,taat ot the nrave and gallant King. Let us, therefore, in- adopt, as the basis of the Conference, article 92 of toe scribe on our banners toe word •-annexation " final act of Vienna, which refers to the neutralization of(More aetng a republican 1 was in favor of unity, for it the districts of Chablaa and Fauugny England reserves,tp| eared to a.e that a republic alone could lead to it. I however, the right of making st the said Conference pro was msMakes Yic'or Lmanuel made Italy progress to posals relative to the mode of this neutralization. This*». d# that object, he will lead her to it, tf the people will declaration of England a likely to increase the proba- aisle! blnv I than saatifice old ideas to old principle; a n i bilities of the aesembimg of the proposed Coofarense.Bahyon,SJcihaas,andwithailtheotherpeopleofthe Italian peBiaaula, who will henceforth form only ons na- nus—with yon, i cry,"Long hve Victor Emanuel. Kingof halyunder sequesuatlon, but the report much requires confir- mation.The national loan has risen to 81'».noticeable nod amusing. As a genera' thing tbe stockother, a the office, or upon tbe street, for fear of Its etT.cGeneral Agent and formerlyvice President,orThe Wanderer of to day says the Privy Councillor. them, however, errors were discovered They dis of the sloop, her condition, besmeared with blood; tbe lisbment which be is about to open close to Union square, CountAppoozi,hasrefusedtobecomeamemberef agreedwiththestockHateitheronewayortheother: identificationoftbewatchandclothing;allof inNewYork.toss, if there be any, and not u.non the good will of Mr. Iloirmac'sfriends Friendship will not, in most ca^es,In the IlrKAiji of this morniLig I not'ee thai you male" me say, in my argument, before the Circuit Court, in the case of Albert W Hicks, "that ConsreMS b.ad oo r_,ol toNEWS FROM HA V ANA.The Baron declared, in r-ply, that no such alliance ex- preiu<iice<! by tbe stoppage of their oorrfspondents in right to the fullest investigation and knowledge of tbe A r r l v a l o r t b e D e Soto—'vlore Slavers—- Jehu replied, "How the devil can I?" m a very lood tonewill be opened on Monday, 21st mst All Holders ofsupposed to be effected with yellow fever He continued to grow worse and worse until Monday morning, when be expired Dr Harris, one or tbe aitendlug physicians,no longer property of citizens of the United States, orwearing the flag of the republic, will leave hereon a prac-tical missionary voyage 'n a few days, carrying uponsteady Ocflee firm Tea dull Cocoa aavan»d. Tur- spector aad other officers, but no ligbt was tarown on tbe least want to go. If the government would estaolish onedomo, known to the boat's officers an "Tommy," waspenline. American, 36s. 6d. Linseed oil. 28s. 31. Tallow quiet at Ms on the Boot. Iron, Sxrtch, 62s. 3d.subject. Mr Kelly had jw t arrived from California, butor two m>del cotton farms, or follow British policy for giving the word of command in all directions to bis fel- British colonial industry, money might be saved, and athe n.mt of tne vessel In which he came could not be asI.OMH)N CORN MAKKIT. May 7 — he mar'cet was dull certain*- He was twenty four years of age, and a native possible charity and relief lor the race iaitla'.ed. lows, but he appeared to find as much difficulty a gettingTat ihe rates of last weekArrivals of all grain since Mond»y, very moderate.WheattradesteadyatMonday'sprices Oatsveryfirm and fully as dear; also barley, beans and peas.THK LATEST MAEKBT8.P^heflmhabttan_rare reopening their shops. The sgito- Consols for money were 3quoted at96^i, ', '*'; Con time text week, in charge of a person sent expressly to old maids, or bed ridden saints giant in stature to be a eomnianding atpearaaoestate ot siege. The result of the elections whioh areknown an to the present time shows a considerible ma sill! continued favorable for tne growing crops. BJ?*a" for Broo-lyo, after whlea they adjourned. Tbe following tentiary near the republic of Mexico of her Catholic Majes-tortty m favor of the MmMtry. General Garibaldi has onlyobtained80votesatTurin,andLaurenUonly1*.Messrs Wakefie1-1, Nash &Co report that tbe weather afternoon, and appointed Wm. G. M. Reed a patrolman senger Don Joaquin Eransisco Pacheco, Minister Plenipo- tongue. He combines with bis other offices that of stuffs quiet and nominally unchiioged. Flour dull, wheat report <3 Sergeant Lord, of the Sanitary Police, was re ty. He bar taken up bis quarters at tbe best hotel in the extra assistant Interpreter. While on board I w a salsodull,withverysmall sales red,10s.3d.a10s.9d.; oelved,kirmshmganotherlistoffilthybuildings—Btxtsr westsrnWorl1—thepalaceoftbeCaptainGeneralofCuba— shownthecopyotSharp'a rifle, with theJapaaeaelmstreet, 9 , 8 5 ; King street, 70, 71, 73, 8 0 # ; Hudson street,S p a t a .laea, rehuive to an article which appeared la tne Londaa CLAIMS ON TBI CBOvTN. Beef heavy and offered a reduced prices. Pork henry 260, 2A(: Horatio strsai,4; Trtnitf place, 73, 76,62.46.~*v la tne Houee of Commons on May 7, a tisewnMon o'"*s»e leagth look pace between Mr. Walter and Mr. flora TBE COrVT MONTEJIOLIH'8 BKNTTNCIATION OF ALL »*'»• - _ _864,864, 320, 888, Vandam street, 68; Charlton street, 3mw,andwhichMrHarsmanSBK!containedagross-cal TheParispaperspublishthntoiaertncastherenuncia- anddifficulttosell,evena reducedquotations Bacon 40,80,-8,94,_2,8,•;Greenwichstreet,6,18;ParkSan Antonio. He leaves for his post before be can be weary of his entertainment or of the profuse social atten- tions to him Tbe Senor Pacheco divides bte time with his relatives and the hospialmes of the palace, which I learn since commencing this letter. _r_^___,mgupthebreechtoItspant,aadno canning tbermso the hammer It displays good, skilful t a d flatswtw workmanship When I had finished my liMMjiritsi af 1 the Japanese a charge restored It to tbe leather abeaUi*-aiajaadasma-lungsspersionuponueHouseAlewpmiluiremarksbyLordPaimorstan.followedby tionbyCountMontemolinofnilpretensionitothethrone armand advanced Is. Lard dull: fine qualities, &SB.street,48.63,67.69,OT,89. BnookLVN Rxpotr—Cornerwhite, l i s s l i s , 3d. Corn dull, and quotations main-wbere. if there is a joy to be found n the world, or a provement, which consists a cocking tbe sap hammer good tiling for the comfort of man, tt is there, under theadministration of the intelligent and beautiful Countess of without touching/it with tbe hand; this Is done by bringtained with difficulty: yellow, 34*. a 36s ; while, 86s.of Baltimore.THESvAjfB FORTHRCENTRALPARK—The swans preThe Wildfire—built, soli and tc the pocxets of Northern bis orders obe red s s New York housekeepers frequently abolitionists—has filled her mission, and the treason John do when they hsve Irish maid servants to deal with Brownpreachershavemoretundswithwhichtoplotdisunion or to build more slavers, to make arguments for Tommy is about the best looking man at them all; butforth never to consent to my Hag being hoisted m Spain, night with "Kabucoo'-iU last presentation In the Si-ram Cotrtt—Cmccrr.—Part 1—Adjourned for term. moat. The parroft nil has not yet been called Into the a aty Onentol frmadt with ha head throws back and.tbe•rTnMsStates,Ax. Ialsodeclarethat,assoon as Iam worseoftheweektheGerman versiona "Imrtha"ail Part8-Asbefore. public serrk*, as was anticipated a our last neck of a bottle inserted tn b a moutb Hewsadnnkmgrestored to the full enjoyment of my liberty, I will renewmvpresentvoluntaryrenunciation,nothatanotimemy begiven,and"L»Jarre"oncemore.Welearnfha| Coinn.-P__a_._P_tt1-8-me«v£W *»»!with much gusto When he had fial-tH aaewaff, wata-freewilla mak'ug&mayheceiledinquestion. Maythe Mercadanlesfineoperaoftbe"Bravo'*Isa activerehear Fart.-Non 1669,1KS6,47,18T»,18B0,18TT, lt-8,am, TanSHADf_aa_T o*tanCnvwnTicvT—Tew,perhaps, appearedtohaveafardadabassiMflerahtoeats^sasa*,hahappiness and prosperity of my country be the reward of this eeortnoe.sal, and will soon be brought out, making tbe fourth new opera produced lince the opening ot the Winter Garden. "Nabuceo"wasgives a tbe motiatsyesterdsytngood style a a fuB house.1641, SO, 811, lewS, VU.19IT, 8-7.8rrauoB Cott»T-__u_ iam.-F_urt ^ N e a . 4 « , w r , >r_T—TnuL Tana.—iw » - " " « T ,217, IS, 477,470,411, *»,488.496, M».«•• «i», » , 423 fart3—N•oTsO*,*m*tm•*,*m**.*m-6,66.6*».•••?»; K,'678,683, 184,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069are aware of the extent of this bnslaesa uver 1,600 ma*are BOWemployed to tbe fisheries between Hartford and looked upat me Saybrook. TI hereiare over one hundred regular fisheries.besides then••tbe•iDone a Tortosn. April 28, Ifiao. CARLOSLIBDEBOURBONETDF.BRAGANCE.The lanaaomttoa of Don Ferdinand is coeahed a thelocali-e-wheredragnetsare ased 1 *P°*t grin, rlfajr. lasghtorwhaaUntitled DocumentCourt referred to the testimony of Mr. Boyd,enrollment tions are very different from theirs.side of the stock account might be inadvertently made Tuesday afternoon before be left this city, and that he lht Japanese in Ou Sun—Incidents of ike Reception—and produce much confusion. The result of tbe invest! put it in tne side pocket of his coat. She has also identi-1-lommy," the Major JJomo—A Japanese Sharps UiAe—Cfurry Cardial—the Procession and tat Specsa tort—A Difficult)/ vita the Treaty Bom—A 8er<muH« for Japanete Coin—Ike Japanese at TKiir Hotel—Want of SecUuionandQuie—Brandy aadWateraDemand—The Interview with the President—Writing Despatches Home—The Ambassadors ani Suite, witk Their Reiatste Ranks, d>c., d• , dx"Half a loaf is better than no bread, ' says the proowingtomyinability to writemorebeforetheclosingaf the mail I therefore sit down to resume my taskFinancial anaCommercial.LroiDOB Monrr M-KKBY, May 8.—The accounts from apparent overissue; for Mr. Hoffman may have neglected. name. You will also remember that as she was leavingfcrthetransferofsuchstockashasbeenregisteredann certified,slates that the watch found on toe prisoner was the one longedtorapt Burrfied the coat, and it has been oroduced before yon. Then Mrs. Hubbard, the mother of the Walts boys, identifies some articles of clothing which sbe made herself, washedAfter some further review of tbe testimony, and comNoting has yet been heard of Hoffman, either by the ments tbereon, tbe Ju'ce mid—If you are sattofisd of the bead of the walk in the navy yard, and tbe tun wascompanr or by bis family, and no effort has been mate these facts, and beyond a reasonable doubt, you willland a likewise to pay n duty ef 3f. per 1C0 kilogrammes. wonb, including £_8.CfO on the Norwood, previously ro- to discover bis wbereabauts. Tbe directors think iba* find a verdict ageluM the defendant; but oeitht-r shining hot snd bright on the bare heads of the Japaaeae,market lsat week.Wheat was firm.Prmanlm*BXRUS, May 6, 1800. In yesterday's sitting of the Chamber of Depu-Tbe Judge ordered the prisoner to b* remandel. The until tte result of the investigation is declared. prisoner received tbe verdict with that «ame inconceivable Mr. Ho.t'rtan'8 friends assert their belief in his inno indifference wbich ha« sbaracterixed hi« whole oourseties, rturi'g the discussion upon the affairs of a number sf establishments of less mairuitudeTbe JTSM* cliy article of M»y 8 says:—The funds open- ed on Monday w incut alteration, but were subsequently beavy on political rumes. Tbe announcement of lb-*Greatc o l d " A few moments allerwards, when tbe carriages Hs counsel m.ived 'or and cbta'ueit time till Wednes began to fill, I saw two of the party looking deplorablySchleswig Holsteln, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, in PRaL TO THE SICILIANS. discussion to the Prussnvn Chamber of Representativeseence, tai ssy that If anything wrong be discovered thethr ourboot, the trial.loss will be Immediately made good to tbe company. rt • far.* fame LM lutsuay evening, the 8th i_st., on the question of Schleswig terminated on the 4ih Inst, Britain with £190,000, and the intel igence of a decided This wi.ldepend, most probably, upon the amount of theday to file a motion in arrest or judgmentTO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALDovercome by the weather. The perspiration hung in beat.'s over the entire face, and it was evident that they were sick and weak One of these wore a wiping ex presrion of countenance, accomuacied with an upwardnj* — As already stated, the motion of M. Oarlowitz, " That tnePrussian government should exert all its efforts to procuret>«aerai Uaribalut'e departure 'or Sicily has been fully for the Duchies of Schleswig flolstein the full possessioneanrnaed lie left during toe night irom tne atu to tne of their rights, which had been grossly infringed upon,"rise in the rate of excb-cne at New Vert, were calculatedto exercise a favorable influence: but the a!versa reportswbich were p^rseveringly-circulauwi 1-*1 to several speculattve sales Tbe staieoeuts principally current were produce a quarter of a million of dollars to cover a de- define and puoi«r> relumes m>on tbe high seas.'' I st_,t«iTbelr appearance a the music thisA Pretty Mem—Ameriaam Boots—Conversations mntk theWMle tbe procession yesterday remained in waiting atJ www.fultonhistory.com 