 ^^l-r««ulated by Os wrate •< ito The raUroad comnanles reply, " Tax our prop- as if we lived under the rule of a pasha, and for thoee who value the pnbUc welfiure more But as soon aa the tax loee. Its fiscal chaiactor, aa*WSW^'^WOfflPf "ffibfn ^vic00* ^Fnottt was noiv scovs* ^bq wjj banal toils were never levied for revewM, b«t wUl haveIIIiim. Conwu f«ril^tmeiU^Btee MMJ Mobwei wen qalat. OofEw ttnetad this true criterion of levying a tax—the actual raage of comaoon coojectura. If huriite liiatinctiT defined aa yet, the action of teaptlMi^»y»Titw«lulimMI»«>MlWii»fW»PM**lfc creedbytheConnUtutionfMlrtnr-TiNtK tarn (WmUri-^' 'Qfum • canals should pay, annually, a certain sum to this object, another sum to that, and so on, tUl the amount reached some two or three mil- lions. This enactment waa made at the very moment that a vast step had been taken in thescience of locomotion, but one of which oarat the time, were unconscioos. ItsMa This KreafaV*OABOBH—Osoxa^ otASmtttAOK-S THKATBt-TM Xoiuni Of i fo« ^umeroos other routes between the interiorudpublic force la achieving Hi owa i stepping back to the barbarous labors. If it cannot have uniformity deserve, will depend yeiymnch upon the shape PfcssloB and ruin of othan? Th*^•'become daring and aggressive, aifd prophesying its ~AThe cultivatedavinewiththe,-,-societyFrance, thingSS.eclipsed,theywerenmnberedamong to denv that he had ever en- the things that were. We are fiiliy aware thatencouragementit,"r^S,ofGeorgia,ootryOf aU thefare and national soterritory. materiab of human wel-which Providence hasacleaijy flagrant exceptiontooS^'^^exerciseofthenaturalfacultiesandofrights tothemineralresourcesofourownwhowereand ooBUiiiotBif large sums of money in aid of thepolicy This is thepeople,formingaregimentofvolunteers,taking which lies before us. Nothing but the earth,and..__ _ _presentadmiring gaze manyOnr remarks were then caUed forth byanaccidentwhichhadjustocciuredat Havre de Grace, to the car of thepeople, vnr-TeaKTi>M. importancenecessaryuponthestrengthof hisdigestion,and theofTo the present meeting, wliich is in cele- and thus to make the whole eanuaaaUr pav ataMoaTBXATBB—WoifOMO—TnSm^ Maria aMU > Woiui—UiBHioiT OonriMMia. WittBT line. The result is a somewhat dimin-umnrs irosXint-^AftMaeoa mA KnKi^c—Thi ished tonnage, and a greatly diminished reve-jHnir iOVnTIrADlqi poiiionB^jJtt^lis; called uponHew shall this be madedeficiency.dertake to provide individuals with the means pations, has been the favorite game deapots of enforcing their rights, in return for their'eiaa C y,J ^iioOf-«»aPCT^>tnianMB».the public benefit.profitableIf the Canal has to a cer-purse,with the leasttliirty per ced^ it for the benefit of Pennsylvania ironn>oa(-(-oo; ilUBWS OF_THBDAT.thegreatfalsifyaU theThediscussionofthe idl the part played by mining English politics,soundest and most mend to theirmwt Boeanaa't So'eimo-Thistaxingofprocesses,oftherightorpriv- amountof their policy. Whenthepeopleun-ilege of exercising useful and legiUmate occu- ofin much greater degree to the weight of cen-vociferon^ the imposition of restraints andfAT, bor. Hlnth-tAOABIKY OF DISIOK-InniTMaer Tixatam. '.to the supplyc^i^iXtlSST', lie: att-ITaniAoz'k Tua crAxdnri wnm-affB^-Maar Bnwhny-Xrau or Entesupply nothingbetterthanthetaMMa^Taaria. 'by foUowinglack of zeal orhave had not simply to wage war against econ-the Hosaerasolntioii ajPNPlwO'V'telLtiuxuoDa doUais for the inkagu- mMaef WASHliraMIi's sUtue was passei Mr. ie^iition waa then taken up, and Hon.-industryprinciplesoftheJI^;^Senitek,)neateTdaT,civilization has been but the enfranchisementof labor. It first dawned in the Free Cities of tion of the McLane Treaty with Mexico, and which brought the triumph of 1847, while their the principle far more brilliant than,awhich the canal is lesslogicalpoweron theirpart T^eycauseGovernment win not confiscateAlthoughr.UlMV«ABDBM—Tas AmnMi k Ob.<t i»»»»«y^ than formerly, yet all this has been vastly toitsupon organization,fresh andvigorousso strikingly marked, that in DAjlinClabk,ofNew-Hampshire,spokeatsoma cessesareusedto asimilarresult,the world, which is likely to foUow the ratifica- ap the Manchester men in their struggles traders, after an ti who, unli^ipily, advoeaej'BltfglfgEurope, which, in one way or another, by pur- chase, or pertinacious resistance, wrung fromCoaoaaX" ~tipppeition.produceeach in its trim giving way to somettiing higherthe consequent restoration to the supply of the world's wealth of the long-dormant metallicmay, it is to be hoped, give a fresh and salutary prominence in the public attention of tiuscoun-French sympathizers had to assail almost aU that was most deeply rooted in French notionshas not lived to witness itstriumph.Hr. CimUuc recovmted thehusbandman of thegreateat care, and"Pto^BlaTerrkiaathntioa danng the post ten yeaia haityrantstreasures of Western and Central Mexico,of and government,a^katioBpolitical economy. direct interference of the Government inof either trade ortk 2oclcalsLio'nJXfr^o'm'a re?--1j^StS-Seaator'4dcall the roll of his slaves in the shadow ofinmagnificent progressthe general theory of individualism and de- make our daughter's trousseau." 1^ centralization on which the whole fabric of conatryman went to town, where he met aaPUL to conclusion, Kr. Claex repudi-Scientific progresstectedamidgreatperils byuntiring vigflance and energy, has grown into a tree that covers the earth. It» fruit is whatever valuable we; aocel^Bd, ahawinrtheright to labor,and toenjoyitspoorGironde hadis a as well great destroyera corres-few mCtsaMfrom the House aAnounced the death perhaps months, he may have to throw it allgood The Belgian saidcreationSOi^Wf waa the keystene of the Federal arch. He ponding destruction. No experienced manu- pronounced it rather a cobble stone, adding hustuiei adopts the latest improvement of theidea of the Senator from Stisaissippi, thatnc^uag to tbe stiength of the itmctore, wUcb in- inno^>bestowedone has been so strangely neglected by our was the most naturaldeatf wonld be ataoncher for its absence. Aiay withotrt fo^aeeing thatyears, orand and in social life. political feeedom,give you wine, and I win—packets, ^wespincheaper Belglaaa."of^'Hoh. yfiuAAM 0. GooDi, theWhat then?oldcovmtry.yonrgive you twentycevoK qC Hon-prede- Bogib A. Pstok. Heasra.gway.whoseH(a(nt and <^T ottered brief panefyrics l^ecause it has cost him a ktrge sum ? By noprivate enterpriseexercisedtlian the.OMai (he deceased, and the Senate adjoarned. Ineans. By adopting the in^rovement he very;bythe BritishGovernment, byexcise A Custom-house whoofficer was present ob-Tarn of the House of an-"said the" do yoa expect me to be aatisfied with fifteen0|iaaket Bepresentatives nounced the special Committee npou the Senate's'^ell knows he win soon make up his losses, ind vAstly increase his profits, no matter howjected.fine said fenow,""he,; it Is my busi-tlieor .Messrs. TaBandigham, Kellogg,and we have rather spectdatively played with than practicaUy worked our unrivaled depositsItconslstf Bomett, LowoT, ofdBm^ moved a Committse of Inquiry as to the alleged violations of that article of the Con-biS^oUafaingftanking privilege.the enormoustheAfflDMofandStokes. Hr.greatKentucky,ofwithstQiSta which guarantees the citizens of one son. It is admitted on all hands that we haveBeantles of Onr Judicial System.— theBtata «qaal rights in another. He waa unable to somsthisg better tiian canals for certain kindsputting upof a beU in a I canget twentyfromMaaeheeterf"hy Alderman Baglit, direct-a trenchantand thatwhich makes FrenchbabituaUyappropriated for repediing the elfc Male Orphan Asylum, on Pifth- avenmctheroofofwhichwasremovedbythesevere statin a Gltle over a week ago, waa referred to theaids thanmatic clearness oflogic, styleepigram-Conunittee on Finance. The Board laid over a contracted. The debt must be paid. How authorizing Mayorsystem,asbyreward of $2,500 for such information as shall lead to ttte. .apprehenajon of the moiderer of Wu. S.uncommendable directions, we havedamaged its value for more worthy and credita- countries was—expressmail train for the South driven on board ofAip to the tax-payers ? Now,anytaxthatserves to diminishtheirCrtitpn Board, and confirmed the nominatioo of Dr. LKwis,A.SArasforBesidentPhysician. Areso-seriouslyluflon a$1,000 for the celebration oftheybuilding;thehaveLeague,The Board the aomina- rejected Mayor'sBaptistBrooklyn,"blepurposes. Hadwebestowedhalfasmuchenergy on developing various forms of national "admirably exemplifiedattached, to take its chance of to comingIVfOUS.tioh of Patbick G. Malohet for President of the means of paying it, is certainly levied uponFor example, suppose a tax WASSlVfllOlrB l»itbdaj was adopted. The major- the tonnage coming from Buffalo or Oswego toThrough the laborspprogriatinginenormous sums ofdead and worse than useless in the shape of shares and bonds among us, jrieiding no return but that of disappointed hopes and useless in- dignation to their luckless holders, and breed-were, ing a most disastrous discredit for the very fact butitjitsport of the Comii^ee appointed to considerth» of an ordinance Albany. pimriety adopting prohibiting amount ofIts effect would be to reduce theto In the Board of Council- adjaonied Monday.men, resolutions were offered and referrad, to lay Belgian pavement in the upper part of Broadway,of Free Trade was Just as in the common lawcormty{dortoAug.1,1859,andhavenotbeen qiightthat the tax was inade between the Treasurer of the Church and moment be busy in the heart of the nation, result as narrow and concise as ingenuity can again—year in and year out, by those experts Bostwhattoothewere indicted for andthertPTC pot been tried. The Committee oa An- and its injurious effects win be mnch less se-prosecuted,theywhygreat.an4 $6,979 86 as due to other parties. It was di-rectedthat864350bepaidtoBaekbiGoDWis pertonwouldcutoff,say,800,000tonsofwhatOnthe light of human life and human happiness. for lish mass meeting, and accordingly foughtevery trip whether the long, Irregular ranges offor printing, and $767 to varioxis persons for serv- we now get. Five doUars would cut off, say,Consider,forinstance,develop-the' corresponding weelu of 1868 and 1859, te-The case waa tried once more,BatherIt be observed that whUe the trains are cross- maywith tbe in ethics and jurisprudence, road—all, in fact, we know the terrible peril of their.spectfrfelj,Th* Bet<Miou8 confidence-man,those over the and Little Gun- BigDn'TBOillisT.Elus,butwhosenameis Tnour-aou,,'tlu, coa^ded yesterday, of grand larcenybeuc.BccorderBjuumbd,andsent to the Statehepromulgates tors,lamp-cleaners,andallothersconnectedthe bench to conform to positton, manage to tod sudden business oat on theofare in tbe habit of traveling the road and alaost :Prison for threeyearsHe waadeli^iia,Boston, ^atIn 1868, according to statistics justpub-grand principles andsolemnlyconjuresmaayvoid,pro-^ul^^"!"t,* conservative,Union and man,speakers lii% City,have positivelyarrived in attendance.tothelabors at theand six montiis. indictments, foror Portland.as obtained a non-suit accordingly.iic.Bshedduce of the Unitedtried OB oaQ ofdiamood ring worth $200 from a lady namedthe London Kingdommore platforms, incomprehensible, and, let us add, more con- tbe cars vrithout a chancelBa'aM4W0hred to visit Washington to-morrow,He cultivates the law tbe window nextabsence of the others. The generally well received.aloae,but we attract insteadmas vajid, and sent "and wiUalready be inwhichwiUprobab^waSs^„.i.n*speechJSi which o .^" aU t*'h'•i'^af\^"Si»lature,totrnttl"^ '^TM'''l"* '*»'evening in Jersey City,—TfOTth's Band will furnish the music.— We un-SfSSirilSk^iL i 86uthern water front of ihSSJ^tMll^l "''^> ''°e of 1.300 feet, foof the food at Albany wouldEsq.,positions, as France hasTte. A ^^te^of t^ Staseries of resolut ons measure, and a Com-The measuresnever have been thought of, had nota distin-Ik triflingeenae-^'^i^^l^!^''^'*]!!^lfl^f|ne Btoekmsrketyesterday was firm and acliTetha specnlative movement being strongest in Npi»twothat juries havefromthe dream of a1858. But''!.*'°" '*''theepimmed up by saying, guishedgentlemanIn accepted ascallingagain proved,theJudgesloftyhimselftoMississippi New-Orleans,bat the re-in the addressing makers of the lawstealingbyof the interior rathsr than to drive them from disposed of so easily, and went up the toilsome aumbers to $155,000,000, or considerablyhem in its decisions.The members of the Seventhal -^nardlimet at the lower Arsenal, comer of us ? For example Suppose 'Bifl iIDd white streets, at 9 A. M. yesterday mom- atemptibleFrench jurisconsult,Begiment (Nation-tficent to the Court offor the second more than twice the value of the same pro-Legis'^ture.Topublic engraft-instrument vided that the "revenues of the canals be-that the verbal waa made as has never before been in the agreementof New-simplyEngland,true by lialf the nation on a secondbut the League would never have ventured toquence,so far to redeem the HeruWt "enterprise.help*forshares'at_ Eia-tf tke Specie line superseded that dqiaitmeatSj upaandtaxes in a manner that wiU attract the prodacts The Baptist Church, however, was not to beTimes,the mineral amounted in roundThere is nothingin Anglo-Saxon law in the eyes of a lives '. This is a public fact known to all nee whoin acmdance with the invitation of theCongres- walnut coming from Indiana. The afiect ofgeneration of Judges.so that he hare soi>e mayrotten and t>eneatb blm gare way desultory pUlaxaengine aad train hissing and tumbling, oaaof ' of and take ption Miuf statue WASHraoroa,portation altogetheringly ihort notice it is probable that between 500 ket*. Once brought to our owb, it is no un-aa4M0 of the Begiment will go.Tb»|TooBg Men's National Union Club, under*h«Bp»e«aloBthat Mabshall, of Messrs.^intPHBaTKentucky, Thob. A. B. IfatsoH, of Tennessee,^JloaaBKW fiaXBiB, of Maryland, and QlOBOa per cent on this sum, and which would—•Moas, of New-York, would arrive here last easily and cheerfiiUy paid, would yieW $600Church000 of mineral results. With such contrasts aswhile we foUow,psifand thetbis staringface, is it not time for uspractical talents from the now In like maimer the French Free-traders to exist on the most important pubUc thorough-lathe csnmoniss. In of the exceed- spiteus in thesame state of facts came before to begin to think seriously of diverting our in-and;pro-;reading,and QA-j|klutl(»IV Stqtauippt tji^aide pf Bank. that the co7n7ncrcf> between Mke Erie aBd U»ekM8U(<M aixi Oik wen laM ttUnalre. Sogai*. The Legislature now propoaee to tranacend. which It hta reij nearly taken ont of tlM eeema to be to inftience, in aome way netvmykt adTmnced latM. Tlie rlW*«nMiU ia iRovidaiu, HavaltosecureafairreturnonthecoatofUiework. Whatttwindecida thistimato %sixweekadoM,the ofwfelpk ebjeet^eocuMenUe it(eiitiOB. wen ]iio4Mato.Tmengafementscost of morementA similar rule is truepolitical' ootl*i«rMa<iaa»M***P«aa.>e.:iis nowis no longer the sole, nor ia it the most cod- yenient or economical means of moving per- sons, or many kinds of property. The railroad upon the very route of the Erie canal has taken from it a very large traffic. ITponteachingsartlficlaUy the price of a slmlUr artiaU Bad* at IMMdifficulty,arepoorthey please,tjankruptproblem If an affirmative an-to evoke them intothe the individual ?that wouldtime since caUed public attention to the reaUy atrocious recklessness with wliich the lives of passengers and the property confided to their care arethebefore Legislature.deplorable necessities of our position couldwiselycapitaldogged, interests fuljy as powerful, and tradi-•Aldermen, yesterday, a swer can be given we are silenced if ;In shortfullyrevealed. Thecanaltidewater,impracticableforcanals,haveSisyphusoccupation comparedon causes like that of the First Baptist Church adoptiontailroads been all constructed, drawingoff aurging she has for nearly twenty years been the posed the of the Frenchnot, then we protest most earnestly against a greatwrong sought to be done.The question is one of taxation for a debttreated on the line of railway travel between Baltimore andAmM,'of the traffic once our enjoyed by greatscene of labors in the cause, which, if not so distribution* and tbe fanmediateJ nue. The canal can no ^haisea arbitrarily placed upon itmeet the The Stateinvolve a heavy loss, wiiich the tax only aggra- think the Baptist Church has an nndoubted bardly less sidllful than those of Cobdkit and attention of those amongst ouraelvee theLeagueinEngland. Thetardyconcession wtiileclamoringinoeesantiyfortha1is theiiM.' It would seem that there should be notralization with wliicbtheyhave had to con-theowner's dispoeition of the frattalain extent beenbecausewithperusal,alongEnglish law, backed told by one of the greatest of French Fte»6el(htlookers-ongeation to ao angnat a body, we ahould advise, for the purpoae of avoiding a tame and stupidpardea in the cofdng Presidential electioa. We preeome it aima at the organization of aH^ei *iala*M»of all indostrial enter- prises. We should never tax anything more Otir leglalaton at Albany find themselresin than the property or means theseof theanrelaa *<ttis .aakaa a* ilghtaslav ae.j'teJTaxtBg Vtmtm&e* laatnad of BesniM.new party—one of those"third parties," ofoseofItla i aaya Tery oominoii dilemma—the neceasityof employed ;which have failed. Many years agoit waa de- of the State that itsthetion, is at once\fgood? aboutthematter. ThewholedebtofState is a mere triflewith its has takenmore outraged be-^the Tc^ealth. place, bycompared great changesuch examples.It wiU inflictit iswis have found something better. It is thesuperseded,onlyandcommerceof valuable*'"ofone generation a' half-a-dozen different pro-ageprogress,'longervates. moral claim upon the State Treasury for the which has just rewarded their efforts, is due labor, clamor stifl moreques-tend, and the consequent immensity of the his toil—who areand better, bat none having any other lease of results. Latwr brought wealth wealth ;fllan tU» '"The momeBtI wfD to his wife, "andwith flie proceeds wffl buy the yam vrith which yon canlifeta creator, tor everyimplies„ excellence. snperi6rEng- ended by producing a cask of wine.aShall he cling to theexchangefifteen of packetathe temporary Inconvenience to which he may be putactivity, meddlingperpetual\can be moreA piece of legal intenigence appeared in onr by Gov. Wright, our Minister at Berlin, to his work,But our legislators are hard to learn this les-But nothing just than the strictures addressedthing, greatour Judicialresohition the to offer a further can tills be done with the least burden or hard- the hope that they may find as much comfort cise of this acknowledged quality in liighlyfalse principles.equal to ten dollars per ton were laid upon allhad theoffice enterprise, as our "noble army of specula- of the Anti-Corn Lawboat into the deep water of the river. Anglo-Saxon In the New-York Leader of Saturday, wepushing find a and carefiil article devoted to the longcondition of this same road, from which wefrom 1,200,000 tons to one-halfwhich the City cars run, was adopted. The Board that amount, probably to a quarter. Such a was not the case, and refused to paymake the foUowing extract, showing the ex- variety perilsfered to beset every man who has occasion to pass between the commercial metropolis aadthesslttng the streets, except those streets throughfreightEuropean capitalnowcontraction would strike with paralysis all ourthe loss. The Church thereupon in-The principlegreat industries;would destroy the value oftemporal pow-and in portions of a number of other streetsand to widen and extend Lamens-atreet and Col-legB-pIace. TheBoardofSopervisora,after somedebate, laid upon the table a resolution offeredMi. BtcwT cjUling upon the District-Attorney to that would controvert this statement It whether there had been a verbal agreement report What persons have been indicted in this be;byour property,and driveour people from thethe Federal of the nation Capital:State. It would prove an intolerable burden. preme Court The cause was first tried in"But the real and terrible dangers of this rood— dangers known to every one who knows anytbing ofWe presume there is not one person within itJanuary,1862. Thepointsindisputethereplied" Bring it down to five dollarsthe President of the Company, to keep the poli- cy running tiU either party should give notice to the other of the discontinuance of the insur-making us as independent of foreign nations in other matters as we now are in the rawmakeit, so the Manchester men tookcompetent to give an opinion—these real and ttrrMtup we consist In that snecesslon of so- dangers, say,dict^ana, or Illinois, shaU come to New-York, or;Cruainal Courts and Police was directed to con-fer with the Committee on County Offices with re- single pennygard to the propriety of occupying the county jail New-York now only gets a portion, when she of the verbal agreement. Tlie defendant then as la liouse of detention for witnesses.wiU cut offgot all. Numerous rivals underbid over adecision of the Court below, as to the vaUditycedent, and left it to do its work.But anybody who has ever listened to an ar- olar Intervals—the whole fabric trembUng as tketrain passes—swaying to the right daring one strateh —swvingtotbeleftdniliigtkenext—shriekingaad groaning, aa if the very dniab and rotted plaaks were protesting againat tiie barbarity and inbnmanitycpcevast extent of the interior.ivent to the Court ofAppeals, and tliis learned body decided that the verbal agreementgument before a French Court must have re- marked the utter disregard of those great ob-lars per ton to be placed upon cargotime, withoutducts of the Union, exclusive of California. The Court France, in 1855, employed more than 370,000:dol-Appeals,a jot of heart orevery experienced passenger wben a^rooeUBg oae of these gigantic death-traps Is eaiefnl to opea—— wenotonlygainourobject arevenuewhich form thewhich supply the greater portion we consume.now foundM. Bas- terdayoutset, vance the hundred gtinslaind been misledthe falsef^undaUeged"The Special and General Terms have once de-CityedThisone jury hasfound thatitwaa notYorlcopportunityrepirtationby into the Constitution.principleWe trust he wiU have antp meet this evening a large number of thoseproposed— a Southern Statethis is a matter of—it is a treaty, neverthdeaa, aadsometliing.As itis,other nations, far less abundantly blessed tlian ourselves with natural invitations to this great branchofindustry. Themineralproductionof the United States, inclusive of the immensecreaking and cnunbllng wooden pOes placed at Img-ofrepeltheproductstiat,promulgated,and for the unimpeachable soundnessin the Park to-day in honm-of ttaevent To be sure, the treaty ia over a yearold— in fact nofliing more serioaa tkaaweof which publisheda tax of fiveof blackthan the blind obedience to the decisions of a pastaU time. We warn thethrough RepubUcanParty at Albany againat inaugurating their ca-taxes,andent judicial system, theyand contemptible fraud, and ought to compen- sate their deluded victims out of the pubUc" ootraged becaoae (fearallowedtoworkforwhoaSreera blowas they claim it to he, which it cannot survive- It is too late in the day for the Legislature ofState of New York toteachingsofthepast. Theprogressofmodem andmineralsinthepower and power the greater scope for theman. The seedand planted weakness, pro-possessin in in wealth, art,religionsastute people, as that which Ues, so to apeak, directly at our feet in almost every section ofthing which the masses l>eUeved to be abso-Shall theState ofin commerce and wealth,We have been drivenleading superiorityonr commonby the pressure of absolute necessity to ference withand in political and social influence, i*) the results of a commercial freedom sooneofdearly we have made more or less intelligent laws, as wen as by import and export duties, "cessfullyand veins of copper and lead.and soexchange ness to see that yon don't exchange wifii tliethe memory of its fathers, and reenact the wretched tyrannies they so stoutly and suc-boughtfaithfuUycherished,disgraceresisted ?every-Wliat,"eottntryman,induce us to meddle with it. concealment is no longer possibleabout toof our beauties of established, into the numerous readers one of thelawin the contemplation of it as we do ourselves.The "Firsthad their edifice burnt down in September'1848.the ferry-boat, with the mail andsleeping-carsChurch, ofThey believed that at the time of thein themanner in which the two sets of reformers a halt before plunging over the bows of theconducted the agitation.voked the aid of thepT by commencing an action in the Su-step. asserted.the decision of the cotirt of lastthis agreement, even ifresort,to show between the Rocky Mountains and the Atlan-abatingand was rewarded for itspaid by our Courtspains.and the same In-reasonable supposition to estimate the valuesbe converted the skUlful it for the second time. The ordinary, com- ienlivehim,or to send it to other mar- same Baptistif it were pure mathematics,painftdly in Uie dark, the glimmering lights ancestral wisdom.sendover tbe other into deep water."handsofonrartiwuisat$60,000- Ataxofone i^ionplace, imsophisticated lay public beidealspeculations,toscornedto takeupthisorthatarticleofcom- fareintheUnionissurelymorethandisgraceful;gj*^ anaoged for a serenade at the St. Nicholas Irst cost of the t pair of exceedingly troublesome, not to sayentered to pos- a or a shirt, would have seemed to them ectify such abuses aa tliiB, it* valu* has cer- loaf,the veriest abasement of the art of reasoning. tainly been very aadly overrated.""•tst Late in the evening It was ascertained sum greater, perhaps, Aan the "Mdbeendetained in Pliiladelphia, but would be we banish from us the very means of crtfatiag dontemptaously reaflirming the former judg-with the of an mode of taxation i npudent— pertiea," and dismiss them by ^«, exception Mr. Bmoas, the party r^w material. By onwiaeUnioh MiSTiKQ.—Another Union meeting When the Free-trade Association {Societe de—JCBII.AXT. Our aeiglibor,Beatln-ttna for the Union meeting to-night. Mr.ibents. If 80, the public would have commit- takes place this ted aa absurd ^tak^. The Court did nothing tute, and we arewas founded, under the Presi-of the Due d'Harcocbt, fifteen years ago. allythe Herald, acts-vvlnes, and of giving employment to our work- 53«.»nd h« made a speech, indorsing Speaker mem mad to our commerce. By taxing resultsevening requestedLibre Echange) dencymainly ovringBSiaas being present, the serenade wasgiventosucceeded in hold of a treaty yea- gettingWe mention the foct to explain in ad-aconsider the Baptist Church and the Companyland Into which " our fathers sess it ?"out a in political economy over <ion. great questionIf thepowerof epinioa cannot publicsuranceCompany,same proofso^^d andinto which it might by exhausted field ofThat such be saffeied a state of things shouldand that the verbalcommonplace.Itannouncedof very!the New World,lutelyinsured inthe and dislike ofmade,alleged,so ibat should the bridge give way, as they daily expect it will, they may not bo drowned ta— —we are;prtiel|)9avoteonUsresc^mion. VariouabillaforthCr mibpo«t of Executive bai«aiu were reported if service. The thing proves itself. Merchan-frqm .tne Committee of Ways and Means. The dise would not leave the canal for the rail- rich and racy to be aUowed to Ue buried in the year ago, upon the sUght and superficial way lengthy correspondence with the ministry at twenty packets inatsad of fifteea." " How ao VPl^Byfis suecetsot^ and aflei fittmg eulogies, something better, why adopt America. Fresh from a visit to the sUver the House adjourned. make the most of it, instead of seeldng to de- tertainment, if not for the edification, of thealmosttheonly creation of the old regime which ple gets for what it gives the worse it is off."columnsyesterdaywhich is much too feUow-citizens of Indiana and the West, about Southern village church tower necessitated a " Certainly :" France would lose if yoa got very ad^im^Cl Kr, Goods, member of the House toad without an adequate motive. If, then, learned obscurity of a law report. It is onr in which aU these industries, and others kin- Paris—^which had reached its fiill dimensions"I don'tknow,but the Ministers aad the—frOR.VirtTiua, was anooanced by Hon. Bogeb A. we have not and agreeable duty to drag it into light for the en- dred with them, have been prosecuted in before the great revolution, and which was als say sueh is the ease tliat the more a peo-^d^Res from the Domnican Bepnblic to Jan. 33, 4troy its nsefiilsess by making the improved public. It is but justice to ourselves to add, mines of the Hartz District, the Governor di- the great revolution left entirely untouched. In So the vinegrower had to exchaaiga with theapj^dze ua of the ratification of the protocol ar- as tedious and as thiB old. however, that we enter upon our task with that lates with great earnestness and good sense short, Bright and Cobden entered the field with Belgian, the daughter only got three-quarters of ranged with the European agents, m reference to process expensive what he calls our careless andth»p^>er money issued by President Baxz. The Can a person engaged in any enterprise make unfeigned diffidence which ought to character- upon " improvi- the common law and its individualism on their her trousseau, and the good people den't seeSeiatv waa engaged upon a revision of the tariff of use of any other than the best means if he ize the ordinary lay mind upon such an occa- dent scratching of the soil," after a few side. The Constitution, which protected them to this day what good it does thent to haveISfiSr The Legislative body was to meet on the would realize the success. If the in-sion. For the purpose of appeasing Judge crops of cereals, even where all the indications against the malice of a powerfiil oligarchy du- three dozen napkins instead of four dozen."33%Whentlie animal message of the President would be sent in.Our dates from Porto Eico are to Feb. 1. The Moiocco war aiworbed the entire attention of thehighestdividual cannot, can the public in its aggre-when prises, safely pursuePerils.Our readers will remember that we amnegate capacity,engagedlavishlyuponthe UnitedStates,isbased in ;onthe it contrary,Englishman and a Belgian.mightbepermittedto offer aaog-ehiaga Ikritaafaaaiatlkatlieaa*^pres- guilty of a paltrypossible delay.sphere wUch the Government is expected to fill in every Frenchman's eyes, than to anyblacks are notiniflg 1b Aaienca.coi»>^. it, aatont*.\an tuanimouaonly Bs UghUy as possible. To say that an in- ing the Baptist Church guilty of arson in the BO painfully conacioos ever since Its success In It la, moreover,vtatek each braack of li aUad tiilaiOjdeclaration pronounc-raising a reyenne, the ordinary aourcee of dividual or an association shall pay a tax for second degree. The people is certiJnly on- electing Mayor Wood by a similar proceeding. what order caa exist la the boson ot a aodatymonotony,exercise of a process, or a right, or a func- titled to something in return for its electoral What degree of popular favor it may secure orages. But they propose to enact at Albany and certainty in the law, it may its action may hereafter assume. The usual (Members of the aswctatlaB) " do aot diW tke light that raUroads shaU not exercise the right of at least have exciting novelty. At our effect of third party movements is to secure of oelety to tnpose taxes npoB goodsbringing flour from Buffalo to without Albany,presentrate of aU our progress,the election of the worst candidate in the field froattor, for tbe sapport of the goaerml >provided ther ateTreasury.Uasedtoropolsoforolgnproilaots, to tha -trtrlmi^paying for such in addition to the cost will soon be involved in as much rightItmaybewellerty, tax oar stock and bondholders but do ;notthe construction of our contractsdependedthan the success ofto recur to thetax us for our exercisingany i»rty,recent history upon this pointofthotroasnrr.aiid lor tU mere nMac parpooeofandproper functions. Why not, upon the saase amiabiUty of his wives, and we shaU graduallyrights uncertainty—^by dividing Ids opponents..principle, say that a manufacturer shall lapse into that uimatural gaiety of tempera- bration of Washinotok's Birthday, no one but for the beacfit tt a class—from that moauat U bo- pay a doUar into the pubUc treasury ment which horrible uncertainty about the fu- a very bigoted partisan can object and we comes robbery."thousand revolutions of the mainobject and say, I may be running my machin- have our sincerest sympathies. The labors ofTliia idea on tiie En^U^ aide of fte rhana*! would have excited no great sensation If the League had set it forth ; bnt in France it waa as bold a defiance of popular notiona aa a pi»^forshaft in his establlahment ?" Be might welltrustit win be weU attended.everyture is sore to begetIn the meantime the Bar and the suitorsery at a loss yoa had better wait and see ;whetherIhavemade andtaxthat any money,mast have been a and lightFree Trade ta France.Though Free Trade has only met with officialdirectedfor service, the cultivator shifts to other fields, tions far more deeply rooted, without otheronUnxetwaadUcharged&om the Airtker con- felt." Granted. But thesirvwaitiOB of th* sppiicatioB. of the Conamissioaers verelyof Bscordi, asking to have inserted in the Tax which it is levied is equaUy false, whether the finceLevy$4&,00€ 72 as due to McSpanoa As Baxbe, tax be ten dollars or ten cents. Ten dollars |nent, whether it was binding on the Company. regions of our dominions, now onblessed by of discussing abstract principles before an Eng- Sasquebanna and Baltimore. It is a specolatloaprinciple uponand if there had been such an agree- ing prosperityand civilizationthroughwliole;first trial the plaintiffs obtained a ver-ing notices of unpaid taxes. The Committee on 400,000 tons. Three doUars, 300,000 tons. A eral Term. The General Term sustained the ment of the mineral resources alone carried their point they had established a pre- bear and hold up the weight of each soeeesilve trala.:the andthedefendantappealedtotheGen-worm-eaten and water-rotted stumps on top of wUck tenyearsinfavorofcheapbread. Whenthey thesleepersandtram-waysarelaid,willbeabletoDeep water below, and an epileptic soeceaalaB ofThe niortality table for the last week is not agratifyingexhibit. Fivehundredandsevendeathsoccurred. This is an increase of 52 over those re-ported for the preceding week, and of 34 and 106 the flow of water, so a cent per ton decides pew trial. The Church and the Company gold production of California, amotmts to a The advocate never cites a case m comparison with those wlilch occurred during whether freight in the interior of Ohio, or In-As an inclination of one inch per mUe gives a decided impulse to— herebe sent down the(Q- across the mountains to Baltimore or PhUa-or down the St Lawrence to Montreal,' was Now, is it not the wiser policy to levy onring any of these,powder Creeks more especially, the guards, conduc-hope,simirOoaMigttee which has Ih charge the hiaugu- aiich a tax would be, either to prevent tta ex- iras there as usual in all its glory, and the persons in the production of nearly $100,000,- as a science, and works out problems in it aa change to creep out and take a swim for it.SfaDuldwould latherof coarse have supposed that the Court would the more homely, honest and permanent tasknation has been sadly in fault in this matter- It is indeed to be feared that, by an over-exer-Fhnadelphia.fireof the Brooklyn Fire Insurance Company.The Brooklyn Fire Insurance Company, on of questionable schemes upon the world at any principle to its extreme limits, which hasthe contrary, were of opinion that such large,built up the British Constitution, and presidedlying at the framing of our own, appear at every tent and of the which are gof-torsemployedfoistinglove of compromise,off aUthere is little reason to doubt that thename of American enterprise, might at tliisdecidingpieciseproduce of the forest and the field, and breath-question of taxes on food, and on tliis single called creek bridges, ranging ftvm half a mile to a issue lavished aU the resources of their elo- mile in length, over each of which each train hat to quence and their logic. They knew the danger stagger and creep, vibrate and palpitate, betwe^ thetheof tids in relation with those of country,to less thanmore than one-half of this total alone can be parried to the account of the vast empire l3dngof forth the bringinggenuineriches ofthemake its issue out of it To fight and it deserves immediate and atten- merce, and generals^ simplebsais of our commeice and the case back once more for a new trial." This We are further requested to say that Lieuten- a platform remarkable for its vigorous befi^agreementTCce^lT in?^" '5* P"'»?« °f »" obnoxious bU manufacture*, and am*«qiiently wealth, and last new trial came off «n Monday last, and tint-Qeneral Scorr has promised to attend, logic,of variety the jury found a verdict tliis time for the defendants.that J. W. OsBABB,win and Dod- preside,one of itsbeingthe femous Bowlin Convention with Piracoay,by wayThe history of tke caae may at present b« derstand that one of the speakersof everyand in which the civil lawbut whichB«Mna «d15.S»tfcWf; Iwion.»t??<iy at 109 ^cent expensesofgovarnmentandpayitadobts.".Th* i)t; andtheCourtof Appeals has likewise gardasAbolilionisfsandDisunionists; hemay fianceofpopularconservatism. Noreformers About amonthagowe pnbliahed,with com-—— ^rstnni In the aftarooon showed improved Canal is so far it cannot do once held that it was binding, and once that it be convinced that a very great error as to but French ones would have asked Frenchmen ments of OUT own, an accoant which a^tiieir character and purposes prevails in the at tiiat day to subscribe to each a creed as the peaiedin a Mlaaliinippi' newspaper of the iO^^eouthem section of the Union. ^Uowing : ?'°^«^,-C<8^feW|!£.^?f%it State, of *.*ert«n^Pacific MaUInBnhangs^aieiatos onPsria have advanced to tween Buffalo and Albany should defray the cided that it was valid, and ouce that it was Northern men whom he has been taught to re- ffing its colors to the wind with so much de- The Panic thx Soctb A Cobsectios.Todrclipln^.$80e,0QP, Biign was no ehSQge in Money rates this. The Legislature now proposes to dpoia* was not binding.We presume the case will again go to theCotton sad Flour were in fair demand at uni- Hudson shall discharge tliis Wriien. The Court of Appeals, and that valuable tribunal This meeting is held under the auspices of " The tlght^f exchaafe ti a natural riglit, like tile Dr. SHXFHsaD by oae Mr. Jaxi* Blaa. Ao-IUntitled Documentat the Insti- Cooperto state that themannerwasbegan again at the foat of the ladder with im- yearly average of $120,000,000, giving employ- not find in set terms in the Code, he lays down which Ue betweea Baltimore and the Stuquehanna.void,andsentthe casebackforajects of venerationdecisions. what he can-tbated ardor.and the agreementInoraeless defendant, of course, had only to citetnent20,000 persons.out of his own head, and urges his views ontone of an oratorU>«' ItaiiMial Union meiuMi,^ «al> «nbMwfaoee Imnefhl effect the Tribune has become Imply for tk« <to lafalin spoUaUoB a^ Iamusing sanctioninFrancewithinthewiththetaskof lasttwomonths, grammewooldbeinOreatBritainwhldiiTo tax the right to labor is simply blind des-potism. It is the result alone that should be vs. The BrooUyn Insurance Company to thetaxed—processes never. The process may court of last resort. We may add, that we successful, have been no less devoted and the House of Lords. We commend itomic fallacies, butheresies ofof the worst kind. AH the best traditions of era and Yankee minowners. And weland for the commerce, wassensaid heagainst politicalessential to the nationalGreat as waa the amount of inter-make some use of our superb coal-bedsattempts to put our vast iron mines to profit, and bounties and drawbacks, it never at- with theofin similar enter- forensic sanctuary, we make a preliminary ad- more lasting and remunerative resources slum- ons ready forged for the conflict Bastiat,sciencering their agitation, suppUed them with weap- asking only the Aladdin's Lamp of had, on the contrary, to assail prejudices just asand the treasure is undisturbed.The " cuteness " of the universal Yankeemineralogicalgiveassurance of farHilton, Mr. Ashmxad, and other priests of themission of our unfitness for the delicate under- bering but a few feet below the surface- of the Kossi, Michel Chkvaliee and Joseph GassiesRailwayin the world for stripping an old faUacy stark naked.The difference between the institutions and tone of thought on political subjects of the twoperhapsthe bestlanguagerarely courts, the judges guard themselves with scrupulous care against laying down general rules, or indoing anythingpoint presented by the pleadings, leaving theitin a country governed always been,prevails, seemedvisionary babbler. it would have been—in the world a to him" :Give me cask yonrof wine, and ia^previous ;of the Directors. Such are theso-called creekteldge*;thematter,and condemned over and over alreadybut are stUlwhen they have earned sometfalBg t^I wiUprosperity. yam." The Englishman said: "Give metempted and minuteEnglishman."as Da TocQuxviLLK relates in his last great packeta of thread from Broasela, wben—systemand smaU, under which, in France,MyBelgian you pleaseifswimming Cor tiMirthe outline sometimBjonr- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 