 NEW Y01K HEBALBvft in with r*sT**J <*»!*• > •-at htoJteewsa^Mthat » «s»vt. *°F*ob t»rerrtcs a. w.or nasaae aan r w w stf.tog wfia this r/tfe+v *** eatse* s««s* ,,,41 According to Mr. Warren I astern, who • a prompt j taken, to defeat he- eff*ri« V * £ » *WS»^oTts&srzzn*sort of special epicurean commissioner for therr*unportaat developemeats as to the position of a leading independent jouraalist, oonductiag a Mll-aupporttng newspaper, aad directing•**&> opinion in a far greater degree than any poll ticlan, however successful, can hope to do.because they are unmistakable iadioattone ef the progress of journalism in both countries.have an alteration lathe iadff, which easwt***•wiwrw* ew*en*smw*w sjp*,,Ptonrf«r» when the Romans were at thalr gatoe Whenever and wherever the preee hasseewto-dajtohavaaaiaad upon the landers been free it has always been felt .a*, I M of the eTeeaooratte party; « d they exhibtt aa a great power; bat It la eadyTHE WASHESOTON- HEIGHTS Jon—Tax GAJCB anything more than merely nominal poassaston* Wo;the party i.rgan'aatioa aaalogoaa to that«*r- o*v fc«a of sb« Jews before the fall of their oily. f**i* I-UVUMTKf nvanuiaitnui Street.—among tieanawive, their Etoaaar, their John,axd tbetr Simoo, making relentless war aponfach other, ia the face ef the common enomyOF THK-COMMISSIOXERS BLOOEXO.—The Washing* ton Heights Commissioners have been holding meetings recently, here and there end every- where, sometimes at the top of the hill and sometimesatthefootTheirchieftroubleforParliaments, in obedience to the popular wilt tbe present Is the disposal of the only salariedto. p ral eomntisslon, beaded by Captain Dusjfft, Is fully iafonaed as to tbe very euepicious character of some of our city fathers, and (he Japanese offer too too afieldforthepeonlativepropensitiesofthephi losophers who role the roast at toe City Ball to be entrusted to thaw hands. The aldermen have had several private1meetings, and expended much valuable time toprofaneswearingat the navaldignitaries;but ae yet they do not see their way out of their difficulties.We sincerely sympathise with the patriots of the City Hall ia their conflict with the monarehs of tbe quarter deck; bat we opine that the Ja-Mlttl/i** • » AXIS,K N O T abe »<"» sad A w * f<v»u«gn t*r iHiar*«**a sranat u.o F^OJUU AfBfOiT-Oaumeci. lhi»M»wTEXPLE S H E E T .=M t u t t i , m*>* »e, n»«.3*38coBUMg political campaign, the prize of vic- the pen the governing power in the land, and part of the extensive system of plunder organ-ttrry in which la tbe administration of the to-daytheaphorismoftheFirstNapoleonasto izedinthelastLegislature,withThurlowWeed panesewitileaveourcitywith rather amorera« •*W*.cowdejmttan of the so-called Devfc resolution*,manufactories; the State troops wUl be paraded for them; steamboat excursions to the military posts In the bay will be arranged for them, and all the elite of New York will meet them at awould be oompelied to toll back uooa each trash as tbereefMwretalent, wbiee eeeka pre tectton. mlgiit chcose to produce for it.relabve to the pwtoetloii of slavery hi the Terri-tonn*, aad after #me dtocutsioo aid voting downthing* with the feelings of the people of theNorthern States, are antagonistic to those of theMadison or Mr. Monroe, or Mr. Jackson, or MrClay, or Mr. Calhoun, and the servants of Mr.the defeat of another. The fact of Tharlow.Weed, the right hand man of Seward, being thela Kioto's theatre aad garden, which are to be decorated in Japanese fashion.American aritata that thai * attorauu* would operate most dteaatroeeiv i* order to extend tbe patronage tor tbe works of .\n-erican painter* oi admit'** merit, and te enable ibem to obtain on- prtoes to which tbry are entitle* we muat form u<n taste of cur public ia art matters. Ho« i* ' i j to be done? Not, certainly, by evuauiag .1 . opportunities ot obewvatioa to our o»n g*k«- rite, in which toe ftrtt ambition* eeaavs of the-Tit N m n . *ey <«•*, OUAWTT ft *1»A compact, aealoas and enthamaatic poll-•icsl oigaoizatioo haa set itseif ia order far the realm. Ia France, the first revolution made This shows that the whole business is a job—aFtMyAMI-rendered a bill against Beecher and seven others, purpose of advancing their own ambitious seamen oa board the ship William F. Storer, views.charged with creating a mutiny on board that vee' The factions which are to-day fostered bysel in the harbor on Tuesday last. The Grand Jury the managers of the democratic local organiza- also rendered an indictment against the late Deputy tions are precisely of the same character, andMarshals Ryndera and Munn, charged with permit- can only lead them to the same political re- ting the alleged slaver Storm King to escape.We have received letters from our TJ ah corres- sults as those that marked the course of the pondent dated at Salt Lake City on the loth tost, Jewish leaders in the presence of the Roman and which wereforwardedby the Pony Express. army. Passion has carried those of the NorthThe investigation into the affairs of Dr. Forney, the and those of the South, Douglas and DavisSuperintendent of Indian Affairs, charged with alike, farther than reason can possibly carryWhen Mr. Greeley came to this city, some- peal the not, as it will probably repeal the would come from the City Hall; but if a sharp tn pom are Sot only of great value as ibe m*anf of thing over twenty years ago, with nothing in whole legislation of the most corrupt body lookout is kept for the cash box and valuable rapidly conveying freight and passengers, aaa keetHag up the way of personal or real property ex- that ever disgraced the Capitol of the Empire baggage, the governing classes here will not uninterrupted epistolary contaavnleaUoa, bat tawv ad-covered in aathe latter having aof them, to the rain of their political and per-sonal fortunes, aad the country into a conflictand an anarchy which oaa but produce thedireat result*. It is not for Southern politiciansor Northern politicians to claim parity of Seward is politically dead. Falstaff babbled on one side and peculations of officers on thevo!v.0 In one cmraioa rala.Tbe madness that seized apoa the Jewishfall of Mr. Seward afforda him. The effect of th-whole affair upon the public mind caanot fait to he of the most salutary description.cemmlerioned by the President as tbe official pilots of tbe Embassy. The civic authorities, wUl not be permitted to havethose of ex^vagant price, whilst foreign dealer , such as Mr. Gambart, who are to toe habit o. puiodi oa% exaitotiae; 1In Kew Vers. weald aetwad ten^ ^^ ^ , hmrr o m t e y ^ % ^ ^1 WQi^n o b j e n J t u d f f i < m l t tt0Ufh £ T J. ^es of value in oar marast, wtotoai nnsflcpenality at4ggeraiaag their cost.As regards engravings,weeaaaottoe grounds onwbieh protection te tevekag against them, unless, indeed, It be that a geef foreign engraving is bettor than a bad,oaa patottog. limit emsssjlto artgood engravers, no otter argemmu oaa be urgHl In favor of a prohibitory dnty At pro tent our publishers are compelled to wai abroadallengravingsofanaedeaoripueateat they have te execute. It would be toe bangs* of absurdity to protect foreign imported watt against foreign competition. It would limaij be grantingto twoor three rich publishing boiibet- here a piobwaOie monopoly, wuhoavto any degree, neaedttisw dosnsstie art The to- ve*gti publisher* wou»d not, however, be to* ouiy parties injured by tbe arrangement. Oat public, uhich baa now within its r*aca *ec**atotivee, immaoulateness of conduct, or unself- ish views, as peculiarly their own. The P«opte are beginning to understand the charac-other, which wUl probably lead to the dismis-Mr. Haeksttestate at Bellevue Monad, residence in th* etty.Hon F. P. Traar, of G Teaaaeeee.Capt. W. «. GUI, ef »ha Csad Mr- M. ihesdard, efthe Catted ie arrivals at theCleveland,ofNewHave*;Mr It M.andhf.W.swl.ll,sf Pint at toe Cmoa Pate* Hotel.NEW i w t i HKKAU*, K/TiHtn^lt «W?"^•-'1W^HHW|.JWPjfQl , _ . _ ,1.._ : r • • v-«» -9.'."" •» ««~«~Tr.. »»• T ^ W b i | | t a ( |^ J B t - * " ' "*** """MSJ—.TWiWWLM in.il myrawaV»*f<*w • #%* m** **mm m m *— — •— «•*? wsmw!JswTjap TIBIIM w^** « » • **TT"'!Vi_ ;;p rrWe desire tothe publication, inof Mr. Greeley's replyItoajMa werelrsi Mr. Seward, aarfwa*debate intheeMdsh Grain to Uteres*!, la buht sal of Commons, in both of which there areaatag»aland active, warn aOsIne. ..-.,.« _<~atS4.eg*dmtsa ^Tms> Trm« las we atofswa asaa Cwsm-VVbea Tito- had compassed Jerusalem with the Hoaaa legions, aad waa vigorously proee- enting toe siege, aiatory tolls oa that the eedi- tkx* ot the Jews witnia the ofty eeaeed not,ble conflict between the Senator aad the editor teeUinnoUttteoUstreesofmindovartaecoB. preportioa. TheWttor a amst eac other, aatll all ware la- the United States, are exceedingly important will profit by the moral lesson which the dowa- flict of jurisdiction between the Corporation of wbntoetatlfistnieg asetaevefor sale creep*<,f I.toe aJUt, « feces aaetto f bed* metot9t at prase given is aasahsr as***. (MasTheIts result Is uoa of the powerjoexneliat and a waning to statesmen tobeware hew they attempt to ignore a Mr.Sew ard was no ordinary victim, and his fateabould be as a beacon light to other official raoaptien of the Jspaneae Bmbaswy when it ban prove most soaariaaa to ta« jwtorea«i ot personages who may be wedded to the old arrives la this city, the Illustrious Csatorea Amines* art. The kk* ia totoipnee oa at prfjudices respecting the press. It remains of the Sun may bo expected here on or about patnt*new Imported into ehte eeaeWyadwvy of now especially to be seen whether or not the the 4th of next montn The details of the civic a doHar an hich oa their foagth ancbteai^u lengthy, lanky Booster politician who has reception have not yet been arrange*, and it is Tha^ a picture twelve inches by tealse w*ui. been brought forward through the irrepressi- stated that tbe wonderful aldermanic commit- have to fay tweaty-ienr dollars, aad•Ad that the factions continually waxed « o »The eVwesopeinenw; made, almost at the eaa> moment, la the British Parliament, and a* the general Convention of the republican pert* ofTbe iecUoua quarreli wnich hare marked tbeTw:»-3fT Mv<T>ofthatparty,inCongressaadoatofit, vernment. Onebyone,however,successivefor 'he last three years, wbioh raged with Wt-ieriiea* at Ch*rl»-stoo,and hare been continuednave removed the shackles imposed upon the press. In like manner the leading journalists.laboredtomakethemselvesworthyofthegreat wantsitforhisrelative,anotherforhiefriend,power which they wield—a power of so much aad they cannot agree about the proper personimportance aa to have come to be considered, to select, because two or three hundred dollars and generally acknowledged, as an estate of. the are attached to the office.otithefl'»>rofthe8eawto, threatentorecuratRichm••>. d 4nd B*l«rmore, with iacreaaed bit- feeling the extent of their responsibilities, haveoffice connected with the commission—that of Secretory. There Is e quarrel about this first instalment of the spoils. One Gommkuioneri.-AO»f TBIATE*. 8r»adwa/.-0*a**aa» *«**••Boaer?.-a OI.U Ill-WCia I*" tetaeff.uod«rcircumstances latheposittonofleoerat govetomeot, with its eighty or one the comparative importance of newspapers endhtutort-u millions of annual spoils, for the next bayonets holds as good as ever.four ycats and politic*! preponderance for a In tbe United States the press has always. genernuoa in the confederadou, if it does not except for a short time during the administra- involve it La civil war, anarchy aad ruin, long tion of John Adams, been entirely free, so farat the head on one side, and the Hon.Dick Connolly at the head on theother. There Is nothing can escape theirsagacity. The sanctity of private dwell-ings, the laws of nature aad of public health,are alike violated in tbe prosecution of theirschemes. So odious and so revolting had thecorruption of tbe last Legislature become, thatit was a main cause of the recent defeat of onefavorable recollection of its glories, In case they are not received In. toe usual aldermanic and distressingly uncomfortable manner. The Embassy will be lodged handsomely aod fed royally; they will be* taken to visit tbe shipbefore the expiration of that period. The as the law la concerned. But there is a species acknowledged end and aim of that party are ofserfdom outside of the law. In the early tbe tutrodoctkra of certain abstract moral and days of the republic, and even down social idea* in the rul« of government, aad the to 1830, the political editor was looked administration of political power in accordance upon as the bondman of the partyyards, engine and boiler works, and great of avr r»>ce excellence at a reason a ate prion,latterly that the press has been free anywhere. In Great Britain, for many years the newspaper waa nothing more than an offl oial gazette, controlled, of course, by the goof the greatest Northern statesmen the country IBCorgiee*yesterdaytheSenatewarnedthetherewith.Theseideas,congenialiamanyleader.TheslavesofMr.Jefferson,Mr hasproduced,andwillprobablysoonresultingrandsummerfitedansante,whichIstobegiven ButitkontoeuiteieaiaofAmericanai.&k«sundry aawndmente, the balanee or the sens* w « South, and* in direct boetility to the existing so- Webster and Mr. J. Q Adams, were not under the leader of the republican section of the spoils-adopted by nstrlct petty **** These resolutions— cial organization ot tbe Southern States. The control of those statesmen to a greater degreewhich we given couplet* in oar special despatch leaders of the party supporting these ideas have than the printers of the party organs. Likefrom WaiUfcigtoiv-were adopted by a caacua of therefore proclaimed an "irrepressible conflict'' tbe Roman centurion, the statesman command-Of course all the ladles are in a flatter of exeltemeat, and the rush for dry goods is some- thing tremendous to look uponthirty damoeratie Beaetore on the 2Uh of Peb-rnary lest, and they bare now received aa offleial endorsement. They now derive additionalwith tbe South, and have nominated as their standard bearer for the campaign a long, lean,ed the journalist to do such and such a thing, and be did i t If he rebelled he was turnedmen In that Legislature, waa quoted agaiastSeward at Chicago, and did him the most se-rious damage. Indeed, it is contended by those Tbe Embassy will also bring to town an im- who know all the ropes, that it was this alonethat killed him In the Convention; and thefact that Hon. Dick Connolly, the principalDouglas man in New York, led the democraticfreebooters on the other side of the two housesof the Legislature, has had its effect on the for-tunes of "the Little Giant'1 at Charleston,and will probably finish him off at Baltimore.Such ia the effect of the political friendship ofthese men, who plan the levelling of mountainsand the filling up of seas as sources of plunderimportance from the circumstance that they lank and livid man, whose want of practical out, and a more plastic person assumed tbemense crowd of strangers, and the hotel keep-ers, theatrical managers, Ac., expect to reap arich harvest. The directors of the Academyof Music will give them a taste of oar fashion- sign painter And place ride by side wit's c%* able amusement, par excellence, in the shape of works of such men as Chuich, Hunting'-os, an operatic maiinie Signor M uzio should get Gignoux and Elliott Ko; judgment to an it up a Japanese march forthwith. Maretzek will only to be formed en the beat model*, aad undoubtedly get np something for them at thewill in alt probability form the basis of the stotomanabip and mental calibre will keep him Southern Secession Democratic Convention always under the ioflueace of tbe moat radicalwhich maeta at Richmond on the 11th of and dangerous of his partisans.next month. The Finance Committee reported Their scheme of policy involves the mostback the Port Often Deficiency bill, with sundryamendment* The Overland Mail Mil, the private hazardous innovations in the interpretation oftripod. Tbe natural consequence of this slavery was tbe utter prostitution of the press te party purposes, the editors lending them- selves, to the politicians for the purpose el humbugging the people, until the time camethese we must import from abroad. Our owecalendar and the Indian Appropriation bill were 1 he constitution, and the introduction of the when the people lost all confidence in either taken up, but no action waa taken on them. The most pernicious theories in political adminis- one dr the other.Whiter Garden. The managers of Laura Keene's theatre have two pieces de circonBouse passed leveri! private bum, and referred the tration that can be conceived ot Spooner hasSenatefail)providingforthereturnofcapturedne-laiddownwithgreatclearnessandvigorthedependentpress.Thenthepoliticians,whoforthemselvesandtheiraccomplices. tion.AtNiblo'sGardentherewillbeagrandhavefurnishedtomodemartabroad,itwegroes to airjea to the Jndfciary Committee. logical eequenee of the black republican argu- rarely learn anything until after every oneOur WaaUagton correspondent states that Mr. meat, from thefirstassertion of the individual else has found it out, began to as-Appieton, Assistant Secretary of State, yesterday rightB of man to the practical enforcement of certain that they could not controlLet any man visit Washington Heights, andhe will soon see the enormity of the rascalitythat could deliberately mar one of the mostresigned his poet, and that Mr. William Henry •he black republican doctrine by the federal those journalists .whose support wasbeautiful spots In the country—one of the finest So that for a fortnight or three weeks we shall with the opportunities that neither oar iaetita-suburbs In the world. All that is wanted to be have so much Japanese as to keep even the tions nor our painters afford us. Protectee* todone for this magnificent r us in urbe is to let it aldermen in a highly polished condition for industry is a clog upon its advancement; la artTrescott, of South Carolina, has been appointed tothe vacancy. Mr* Applets* will, it is said, goabroad, probably aa Minister to Russia. judges, the issuance of writs of habeas corpus point gained. While the old race of po-oourta, through the appointment of abolition worth having. That was the firstThen came the new era. Then arose the in-The Japanese yesterday ware engaged in recei v- and the liberation of every slave ia the South litical editors, were dying out new men as- rng memowr* ef Ooosjresa aad their wires, in ac- under the protection of the federal army and sumed the direction of the press. Journalism cordance with previous arrangement. The Am- navy. Helper, endorsed by sixty-eight black rose to the dignity of a special profession; In- baasH dors also dined with the President. In another republican member* of Congress, has exhibited stead of being considered a* a rafug* for smallcolumn we publish a very interesting letter de the spirit of animosity ia which the gpensmr politicians^ with the collar of their mastersscribing the visit of the imba—edon aad ewtte to theories would be administered,* ia case that about their necks and the whip ever suspendedthe Bute Department oa the occasion of the rabfi party triumphs ia the coming Presi- over their backs, it came to be acknowledgedcation of the treaty. The writer also describes an dential election. A few insane Southern sec- as a power equal to that of the government It- interview he had with the Orientals, their costume,their rule ef life, aad what they eat aad drink. tionalista foster this state of things, ia order to self. Instead of being made by statesmen, theFrom all accounts some of the Japanese are by no advance their owa wild ideas of a Southern journalist made himself, and the statesmen asmeans averse to stimulating beverages. confederacy. In view of these possibilities, well. The second point to be - considered was der it unfit for suburban residences, and not see bow they can approach the Embassy over and the charter is sate. The legislator*The United States steam frigate Niagara, which which would involve the fifteen Southern whether or not the leading statesmen of the reduce its marketable value to the lowest otherwise—colporteurs being denied admission, demand their pay. A Tammany Hall scamp sailedhencethe19thforPanama,returnedtoportStatesinadesperatestruggleforself-preserva-daycouldbebroughttosuchasenseofthefigure.BattheperpetratorsofthisbarbarousandparsonsspeciallyprohibitedfromaproachhasundertakentocollectItforthem.Buttheyesterday morning, having aprong a leak, and tion, and the whole Union in a destructive aad new order of things that they would acknow-has at present four feet of water in her hold, with ruinous civil war, tbe sentiment of national ledge the fact that afirstclass editor in a firstthe pumps constantly going. The Niagara con- life is rousing Itself for the preservation of the class city wielded an influence and occupied atinued to leak daring the afternoon and evening of Union and the national prosperity. But be- position quite equal to that of a first class yesterday. Her powder waa taken out immediate-ly after her return, and waa put la the magazine tween the people and the true issue stand the statesman. That question brings us to theon Ellis island. professional politicians, with their abstract dis- especial matter under consideration—namely, courts to suspend the job; and there can be season of the year, and will see It in its gayest Tar FUHUL FBODCOB or tarn Socia— The staaaMraIn the Circuit Court yesterday, the Grand Jury tinctions and personal differences, for the sole the affair between Seward and Greeley. little doubt that the next Legislature will re- aspect The only drawback to their pleasure which run regularly between New York aod our sih.ihcept his historical white coat, seedy trowsers, State. and a hat of doubtful color and in an advancedannoy the Embassy much. Our rulers are too vance by a number of weeks Oiir supplies of sua*stage of decomposition, Governor Seward wasTHE SCARLET LETTER FROM GREELEY TOactual cash return in prospect They can dialready a party leader. A man of profound SEWARD—Inthe manifesto of the Tribune phi- vide the appropriation quietly among them day, brought as, through the courtesy of Parser Prftea -talent, with manners at once suave and refined; losopher it will be noticed that he calls for the selves. But by all means make them keep their ard, a* additional Southern product, this was a a*aM-thoroughly well educated, patient, energetic production of a letter which he wrote to fingers out of the pockets of the Oriental mag fill selection of the gardtnia, or Cape j(M*aae, on..bloom beneath the sua. The plant thrive* lux rim-7and persevering, his future could hardly heother than bright Greeley had popular char- quite forgotten the contents of the epistle re-malfeasance in office, waa progressing, and was the people in the support of either. The], acteristics, and a mental organization that quite ferred to, bnt that he will print it entire ia the LIBELS UPON LINCOLN.—The black republican is the South, and the epecioMas of theflowers*l< ••-. * •creating considerable excitement among the Gen- assume to differ on the question of the intro- J supplied all which Mr. Seward lacked. So Tribune if the original manuscript is sent to journals are charging us with libelling Mr. received can bear favorable comparison with those «extensively produced in the Caribbean aland*, roe Twelve days had already been exhausted in the duction of or legislation on slavery in Greeley was selected as Mr. Seward's Man him. It is understood that there are one or Lincoln, the Chicago candidate for tbe Presi- were gathered oa toe plantation of the Hon. W. lava investigation, bat nothing, it wai alleged, bad been the Territories, when the real question Friday, and served him faithfully during four- more copies of this new Scarlet letter in exist- dency, because we stated that be said in one of pub, In !be suburbs of Charieeto*, and are said to twelicited to sustain the charges. Fne news 01 the ia the preservation of the Southern States teen years. During all this time the metropoli- ence, and its general purport is said to be as fol- his speeches that he desired to go to the bank* peculiar to that Siaie, baring first been dissevered >r organization of the New Mormon Church by young from a legal and armed invasion. Even tan prees had been keeping paqe with the pro- lows :—Greeley recites all his grfem, from the of the Ohio and throw missiles into the State oi General Gardiner aad aaaaad after him. Iiacoub-f..ml I n t e l l i g e n c e .'beguests at the bail gtven by Gen. Cassoafrttiles, and no little merriment among the "Saint*.''Jo. 8mith had reached Utah, and did not cause if they were to come to an agreement on gress of the city, and Mr. Greeley was one of time of Harrison—when the New York Post Kentucky to disturb its institutions, and theyany conaidarable excitement among the elders, the policy to be pursued in the Territories, the leading journalists. He demanded a cer- Office was desired by him, and was given to give some reasons to show that such a state-and they contend that young Smith's mother is at they could not, by their action in Congress, tain recognition at the hands of Mr. Seward. another person—down to 1854, when he wished ment may be incorrect We have no desire, ceived a beaatfol specimen of tbe maguoUa by the same the head of the movement. A heavy snow storm make or unmake a slave'State. This effort has This, it appears, was denied, when the jour to go on the State ticket, bat received the cold certainly, to libel " lank Abe Lincoln," or to V«SMLoccurred at Salt Lake aad vicinity during the early been tried by the politicians In Kansas, and nalist proceeded to Inform the statesman that shoulder from Weed and Seward. To make do him any injustice whatever; bat if it be un-part of this month; snow fell to the depth of eigh- teen inches, which caused several hundred thou sand dollars damage to the fruit trees and crops.baa signally failed. As regards the South, what would it gain if its foolish politicians should drive Douglse to the wall, or even force him tohenceforth they would walk in different paths. Mr. Seward attempted to fill Greeley's place with Raymond; but there was no comparisonGreeley's disappointment more bitter, Raymond, who was personally obnoxious to the Tribmt editor, was put oa for Lieutenant Governor,true, unjust end libellous to say that he ex- pressed his intention to throw missiles Into Kentucky from the safe side of the Ohio river,day evening bat, in honor ef the Japanese Embassy, was Mr. Kmabaa Cornwailn, a gentleman wed **owa a hte- rary circles la England, aad of oonmderabl* repute, boAThe Indiana of the northern part of the Territory,In the Bear river region, who have been for a long acquiesce in a submission to them in which the between the power of the men. In the strong- a post which the former coveted. In view of there can be no faiislnterpretauoa of his as an author and traveller, la the course of b j HVfclstime troublesome to the white*, have sent in a de- people of the North will not follow him? No holds of the republican party the name of all these things, Greeley has come to the con- speeches declaring the existence of an " irre-legation to propose terms of peace. A fata! row other result oaa possibly follow than the elec- Greeley was at that time a mightier clusion to Ignore the Seward and Weed clique pressible contest" between the slave Stateshe five years ago visaed Japan, ef wtoah ooentry a* after- wards pdbnsbedin Kaglaod a very spirited descrlauo* Two of the presaat l a sassy, was had see*tornat swa*.occurred at an amateur theatre at Camp Fleyd, oa tion of the black republican nominee as Presi- shibboleth than that of Seward himself altogether. The object of Greeley's ambition and the free States, aad that the institutions of da, on meeting baa toe ether day si Washiagwa. at oaosthe 7th inat, when a general fnailade of small v . dent. Where, then, would tbe South be, with In 1856 Seward reaeived the first instalment of since 1856 has been a place In the Cabinet, as recognised him. Mr. Cam wail* has only reca*t>y er- took place, and several men were fatally injured. Lincoln In the Presidency, and the government tbe two sections could have no coexistence rivedto this ooaatry,tort» Is net bis first vtstt. aa ia ia*Greeley s revenge. The Tribune philosopher Postmaster General, and he hopes to get it if This was not only throwing missiles into Ken- taO of ISM he travelled About half-past nine o'clock yesterday morning administered under the theories of the Spooner labored against the Sage of Auburn night and " Old Abe"' should possess the kingdom. It Is quenuy embooied hmthe front wall of the bufldiag No. 6X5 Broadway, pamphlet, and in the spirit of the Helper day, in and out of season, until the Philadelphiatacky, bnt it was entering on a for more exten- men in one of h* books quite time that the text of that Scarlet letter, sive campaign, and throwing missiles all World," whichwhich is bemg demolished,gave way aad tell upon the street aad sidewalk, burying in the ruins four •borers, named James Sullivan, Pat Monahan, A.book?Convention put Mr. Seward out in the oold. The next chance for him was at Chicago, lustaad the particulars of some other matters ger-over every slave State in the country.shows US writer to be a sentiments, sad, what tomane to the same subject were given to tbe Monks, aad Tim 1 thy Doaohae, who ware engaged the inevitable result of their present personal week. It was known that Seward had set his world. Altogether, they would make a veryIt b time for the politicians te reflect uponHo is even now throwing missiles from the day byefat work. Two policemen were promptly oa h*nd quarrels over a set of impracticable ab- heart on the nomination. It was demanded as piquant ©rocAure, and just the thing for light great Wigwam at Chicago all through the his late aunt, ars. Geato extricate the mea from their nk right No means were snared to secure it. Sullivan aad Monahan were dis- stractions. They are carrying themselves, ail The Convention was nothing more than theBoa. A. at sopertntendaat efDr. C M. Jecka**, effamily, of North Carolina, are St Nicholas HotelCaptain Price, of the Bftobk Army, saifor him and for then*. They are both before Quebec, are stopping at the Everett HoaseMr. W. B. Oollas, of Boston, aad GeorgeS Atwued,the country, and If the people choose to accept Ike,, ef Tiimlaa Haas., an stoortM si She !*•• him, with the foil knowledge of them beforescene of a grand battle between one of theTROUBLE m rax CROTOX BOARD.—There Is. said to be great trouble just now In the Croton mulgation of his principles and doctrines speaks^ t - M » J t a Z ^ ^ _ statesmen In the country.^!Greelev trinmnhad-^*rf^gfrominfainaas*emeia. M ° a -»«««wwin«« MMneglectm o r t g l f t e d ^ lBo oonntoy. Greeley triumphed; m m Areading hi the summer season.South, In his letters and speeches, and those of his adherents. We do not wish to say anything of Mr. Lincoln that Is not correct The pro-of green fields, aad Seward talks wildly abouthis barns. Beth the Senator aad his aaaau- disorder ought to be Immediately inquired Into We cannot help them.ensis charge the whole responsibility of the Chicago nomination upon Greeley. That philosopher must bo considered, then, M the8.C.045V* otsal of desks or aa explosion of some kind. Thetheir eyes, they must take the consequences.by Mayor Wood, now that he has returned from Charleston and has leisure to look afterTHCBLOW Wssn^-It is said thatWeed buret into a flood of tenia upon Mr. from the North or from the new leader ef the republican party-the W* municipality matters. He Is just the man to Seward s defeat at Chicago, and immediately«* »ka professional politician, and to know the arena are all alike,ues in the present coa-r wick in their camp. Soon hi theficklenessof the popular heart that Seward's oapportersprobeit to the bottom. He baa the ability andtook his departure from that fatal city for Min-the will to do his duty, and if he will eastlaw-^iS*•—yWoanph;while,If havealreadydesertedhim—amagnificentspUt- ••"•P*topolitiesforthepresent,asbeought inthevicinityof84,Paui WhatMr.Wood„* of the wholenesota, where ho hi now sojourning, probablyafRUUHth*ir******coateete,and torOfnairs-foravulgarmaulerofrails;andtodo,hewillbeoneofthebeet,mootefictontisdoinginthatregionweknownotwhether ^ t * « e national . M c o n . when the truculent Greeley enters the council* and Influential Mayors that ever presided over consoling himself in the solitude of the forests, • • W r t . they can of the party he is received with cheers each a* the Corporation. * He has seen Us enemies, or looking after some property there; but it Is5% e * 7 i i t a * Ladyof whom to* CaFtttce aot aUMtcaa aatiMfctobytuch a^woiaoti^^j^j•ft*?radicalas*never greeted him before. quite likely that his political career is finished;assacrtd «to.^TM^ t*f*!* * •""^ *****1bn^ • * * 1 » ^ ^ hiskingdom, like that of Belahazzar, departed, hath becoiturban of Mahoaamed, his old white coat a*to±*?*« « ****• Nopnbliomanhaswiih the handwriting on the wall of the Chica- go Wigwam, and he may have even to sell outUntitled Documentpowerfulasthegreysurtontof tbeLtttieCor-ever stood so severe an ordeaLHe comes outS . ^ - S J * * Tfirst class painters are too tew and tbefr worksshow piece, combining the glories of tbe spec- refuse to form government collections let us tacle with the fascinations "of the ballet, aad ail at least not throw obstacles in tbe way of th*about Nlngpo, Jeddo, the Tycoon, and so on. enterprising indiviouats who seek to preesat uatoo scarce to supply what the fruit* of a reve- stance—Japanese circumstance—in prepara- rent study of toe works oi the old mastersthe remainder of their lives. The onlything omitted from the programme isaa oratorio performance, which oagbt to be ar-a* the increase ofj t iiliillajeflilii MsaewJtlsse ranged at once. Of coarse the "unco gude" PORATION J»D TH* LAST L*j}ieLjiiUK*vi» is cur- hereabouts will desire to have a finger in the rently reported that through the agency ofalone. Let the property owners themselves, who are the best judges of then* own interests, lay out the grounds as toejAink proper, andit is a positive stop towards rateogewaaton. 1•«• 'm11n^waw—11HI•• 11inMilmiammay demand. Bnt let them not be saddledwith a ruinous expense for catting aselessroads through steep hills, which, so farfrom benefitting the owners of the pro-Japanese pie, and the very best way of evan- certain politicians, an agreement was mate be- gelizing them would be through the dulcet me- tween officers and sub-officers of tbe Corpora- lodies of "Tbe Creation," or "The Messiah." tion of this city and members of tbe late Legis-We throw oat this latter suggestion for the lature for a certain sum of money if the charterperty, or improving the locality, wouldonly destroy all its natural beauty, ren- benefit of the Sabbatarians especially. We do should be saved from repeal. The session isoutrage oa public taste, and on the rights of ing them. In any event, however, New York officers of the Corporation are resisting tbe de- private property, will soon be arrested in their is preparing for its first grand summer sensa- mand, and there is a great rumpus about the flagrant career. Eminent lawyers have been tion, with all its usual earnestness, euthusiaain matter. We hope the Mayor will inquire Intoand vigor. The Japanese will visit the com- it, and ascertain all the particulars. Let aaconsulted, who declare there Is a good ease foran application for an injunction from the mercial metropolis of the Union at the best have light on the subjectclever to waste their time when there is noberries, green peas, and other vegetable luearns troia the sunny clime of the South. The steamer KatavUle, Captain Murray, which arrived from Ch\*ieetoj ya*t*rSeward in 1854. Greeley says that he has nates. of th* most fragrant and odorous fl>we-s itu.Mowtiraw* »•rtisto to obtain the &?*&**dnty on fetetgn patBtingg a*''* •earavjag*.DIFFICULTY BvnrmtM Orrwjane or rem COR-whether any of toss* Sowers have ever toua treat*< w> New York baton; at all events, none were ever sees here ia nucha fresh aad heaithy condition. We have al«> re- porai. He is Talleyrand, Metternich, Mira-CaptainLyeca, of to of the fire unacathed, and all that is wanting his paper, sad retire into private life. Poor tSasnel W stock, efThomas M. Tryniski309 SouFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comDavusoB.ot La., and Rev.mvfy,th4th Streetto crown bis municipal career is to let national Thuiloar' - 