 111If i-•;£11 IIi 51 3Viof Bugsia, both financial andsocial, toowell to surmounted? ItistheprofoundconvictionoftneEm- postsoneithersiderenderedisimpossibleforstrangers "TbeChicago election, meantime, hasthrowna aroundbisbellyjustbehindbisfore-legs,andliftedthe warmerweatheracoolersubstitute wasneeded,laengage in a most unprofitable war against Italy and peror's Government that the last of the four English to approach. Behind these posts were about 30 per- wet blanket over the shoulders of Mr. Douglas. South- animal off his legs, rider and all, and threw themheavi this di'emma, Burton suggested tbe use of ice instead of France, on behalf of bankrupt Austria; and thus propositions may serve to indicate the means. It well sonpj with the notorious Lieutenant Lumaca, at their ern men say his late South side speeches in the Senate hot water, and Dickey was called upon to try his hand the treaty of alliance reported by The Morning knows that, even supposing the conviction to be shared bead. As Boon as the Pope showed hia bro*d, round, have done this, and that he has thus proved, on the ly upon the floor, with a shock that jarred the whole at the new decoction. The result was a vinous coup-Chronicleturnsouttobealtogetherunfounded. bytheConitofVienna,thatCourtcouldnotm^ke fnll-moonface,tbeycried,VivailSantoPadre!The scoieofavailabilty,tobegoodfornothing.TheRe-house.Onfindinghimselfdown,thehorserefasedto d'etat,andtbecoterieofbibulouswitswererequired such an announcement. What we hope from its wis- groups were made up of several priests. I knew publicans here hold up the Chicago election as a test get up, and the giant again laid hold of him and set him to name tbe new nectar. Burton at once suggested The vacillation in the councils of Austria, Naples, dom if, that if the difference of principles may, and every one of them, and can assure you they did pot question between Douglas and the Republicans on the upon his pins, in order to release the bruised and hap- tbat as Dickey had in his own country established his and France, i s now very remarkable. Only st metime8 must, lead to different conclusions, there is exceed tbe numberof 30. Presidential issue, and say that the result shows the fame aud fortune as a cobbler, the nome^ shouldthePopeandBicasoliatFlorenceremainfirm,andnonecesutythatthereshouldresult,whenthehonor Aftertbatshouttherearoseanothercry,orrather,unshakenstrengthofthatparamountideaoftheRe-lessrider,whohadfallenpartiyunderthebeast,andbeappliedtohislast"job;"andforthwiththechrist-maintainthepositiontheyhavechosen. Butwe of,bothpartiesissafe,disastrousconflicts,whidhare shriek,inthemidttofallthatHwarmingofhorsesand publicanparty—hostilityto-theextensionofSlavery. whoconsideredhimselfluckytoescapewithoutbroken eningwasconsummatedin "Sherry Cobblers"allmustnotforgetthatwearestillinFebruary,and farfromtheintentionsofbothFranceandAustria. carriages.Theywerepoorbeggarwomenbyhun- ConsequentlySewardisloomingupastheinevitable bonefi.LaterintbedayJackgottothrowingtumblersaroundfortheparty.Thearticleatoncemetwith, that, if war should be resolved upon, it can scarcely Let us for a moment waive the minor incident*, and dreds, who called out, " Bread, Bread!" f Pane, pane ! candidate of the Chicago Convention. Nor can his su promiscuously, and was arrested by the united efforts public appr« cia' ion, and cobblers universally supplantedcome straight to the point of fact wh'ch is the key of volemo jnit grosse, morimo dottafame)—we "want peiior claims to the nomination be denied, when from juleps for the heated term,"take place before May. I t will not be until April the situation. Italy, for centartes past, has been a field bigger loavef, we are starving! " The Pope thrust hia the Hard Shell Puritans of Massachusetts, the free- of about twenty men. —The London Times (February 22) Florence cor*\and misrepresent the citizens of half the States of the Confederacy, and has again ventured to void that sedi- tionsvencmwhichhasmadehimodiousanddespicable among honorable men."—Dr. Richard Mead of England was the first to na^ troduce the custom of having himself called out of church; but he practised this ruse under more favora- ble advantages than most could. His father was a,J i--. ROMK, Feb. 16,On Tuesday, the 14th, at 11 a m., the Pope repaired to tbe Koman University. The Swiss of the Vatican,.-•••-•«France and Austria. I shall treat that subject in an early dispatch. I do not, however, hesitate to say, even now, that if, with reference to international acts, to which the Court of Vienna has been a party on the same footing as ourselves, the Emperor's Governmenthad to make was, that he was hunted almost beyond endurance by the curibus,who would hardly allow him eventohavehismealsinpeace.Sogreatwasthenuit- ance becoming, he taid, that if persisted in he must, howeverreluctantly,giveuphistrainingquarters,ad- mirable as they were in other respects, aud betake himself tosome other retired nook where nonebut bismostintimatefriendscouldfindhim. Thissystem of persecution is too bad, and wc apaeal to the sport- ing public to restrain tbeir curiobity until the groat event comes off, when every opportunity will be af- f o r d e d o f s c a n n i n g t h e p r o p o r t i o n s o f t h e g a l l a n t Y a u -vania Commiesioners are to report the terms and con- ditions,ifanyareagreedto,tothenextsessionsofthe Legislatures of the two States.ored, hesitated, stammered, and then instantly changed hie—seat. Aemail,delicate fist was'shaken athim from the gallery, amid the suppressed mirth of the•fluence that result, according to different opinions, may tainly our poeition is at this present moment exception- be ascribed, what is certain is,that order has generally al. The present disposition of our vouth gives us prevailed, notwithstanding the excitement oi circum- great cause to fear, as they are, indeed, too prone to stances and irregular authority of the Governments. seduction. Thoee who venture upon this are not many, The unexpected spectacle presented by Italy, while•be as convinced as any one of the sanctity of engage-ments. B u t did France bind herself, a t every priceand by all possible means, to reestablish on theirtbronts the dynasties of Parma, of Modena, and of riot among tbe studente). is an event which I do not of the most entbus»arttic Republican. The practice of a just poniBbmtnt for making an Anti-Slavery speech; Tuscany ? Neither the stipulations of vlllafranca nor6- j-.ti«»t.'-(«j'•••• -M,m&&&&3:.Ifprevious day, the 13th, on the occurrence of a funerali^titi^-fc^iS, theaddresswaspresentedtotheselatterfortbeirsty himbyaclergymaninWales,complainingofthe.Entertaining % strong desire not only. to, fnlfiu its nature. What was to be done? All those present pronvses,buttolaboreffectivelyforthe^anocessof an signedwithoutreadingit,thoughwithavisible indig-enpantsofthevehicleone,andhavingforwitfeeeees pressure of the income-tax, says that the cause of this hotels of that city during the holdingof the Democratic the mule and one or two persons who were pasebg a*\WMMEl99.1** mttibeSt tM*JiMJ.8.6«, )8«?.,.J/mU.S. 5VI86S... 12SJX0U.&5*,I8T4,to 2£,C0AT*Qae«»M e, >•;> 2 000 Virginia $t«f« u 90 000 ICUeoon Sttnto 65,OP0 ' €O. »..,.,...«. T4,00S i»5,000 do 5.C0H -do... LOGO do....1.<V*» Brooklyn City W ^.CCOErfeRRlotMt? 3.000 Erie 2tf Mf* Bd» L«.OErieRE.C Bd^. COf^HnA R.RRYai]COOOTer. Bvi.tt.Mt l.OCeiM L.&W .RIC1 3;00&MtoI». C*at. RR.-M.Mtfc8.F.Conv. 35BtokSUi«N«w-y< J200MA Bsajc..••••••}OAiUmmtiM' Bank. . .15 Bank ot CotgoeM 150 P«c*fioJVW1»• 8 '2*Peon. ComlCo.'--10405 New-dYork C«ntral-10©iro vOi «•*«•»#•• •EUROPE.mlbnaation which the eoBected.GwA^xXku-mmBj^layQ-mass celebrated, according to custom, by the professors,Mr. Gladstone, in replying to a letter addressed toU, OP THE CITY OF BALTIMOEE £ 8 D AUSTRALASIAN.Theacre*steamshipCityofBaltimore,Capt.Petrie, <whkh sefled from Liverpool at noon on the 29th of1wJWntwT ^ to** **P*Qaeenstown onthe followingt-arrangement whkm appeared to it calculated toiosure the tranquillity and independence of Itoly, the. Emper- or'sGovernmentdidnothesitateto WWfftg popularity. Tbe language which it employed at the same period at Turin was equally firm. But all its effortefaOed in presence of the resifttance of the popu-lations.'* ^ •»_-taxisnottobefoundinthewillof a minister, butin NationalConvention*thetime. ,• ./r,'$...'"'.-,.^'—A Turin letter states a rather amusing fact l a.*$$?* errirredhere atnoon onWednesday. Her news,with 58,000ounceno f goldh a s—The Cortland County Republican published2,000 tolook into the law. Theyreport thatnopapalex* extracopiesoftbesheetcontainingGov.Seward's communicationcanbereceivedinSardiniawithoutthe-.-THE INCOMErTAX AND EXCESSIVE EXPENDITURE.•—The C$arl«ton, papers confird the statement that $5 a day willhe the established price for board at tbe"mm*dlnnonnting, performed tbe ceremony, matfagi\n eovJb«tghibytheNorthAmerican,wastelegraphedfrom Afterhavingthusmultiplieditsmeasuresto.bring «jjftatkad at an early hour on Wednesday morning. abou? a^recofciliation between the Prmces.and theirThe Secretary of W ar has instructed the Lords speech, for gratuitous circulation.royal exequatur, and tbat any prie*t publishing an ex* communication without such authority is liable to pros- ecution,and.even,accordingtolawsyetunrepealed,BothvesselssailedfromLiverpoolonthesameday. TheAustralasianalsoarrivedonWednesday.She left Liverpool on the 25th. Twa is her first trip toXew-Y exk.THE STATE OF EUROPEiOar Own Correrp—doat,LONDON, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860.Tke unexpected majority of 116 in a full home £as secured ihe success of the budget of Mr. Glad- ' ' - «U*e and of the Cabinet of Lord Palmerston. Dia- *a*£ w a s forsaken by all the Conservative members *asneeiedwith commerce, and his hopes of return-ingtotheTreasurybencheshavenowbeendefeatedUx a long period. To-day we are to hive a rain-Ming o^tcnssion about the annexation of Savoy, "butit wiD not even lead to any serious expression less would I allow a single word to esc-ipe calculated against the scheme, which for the present moment to offend her; but could that Power have been charged—Garrison'B Liberator has an article denouncing the late speech of Senator Seward.•whose writing editor is a member of the British aris-—The houee of Michael Angelo, at Florence, which; is filled with works of art, has become the property ofpeoples, bis Majesty's Government, in presence of the Sefncacy ofthosemeasures,and seeing the arrange- mentwhichithadpromisedtosupportopposedthe more strongly the more it was meuted on, thought that the authority of assembled Europe wou'd re-dize the object which it proposed. Desiring above all things to fulfill its engagem-nts, but from tbe oppo- sition manifested in. Central It-tly, despairing of success without tbe cooperation of other Cabinets, it proposed the meeting of a Congress. Better than any other Power, Austria knows the perseverance with whehwt pursued that lme of conduct. She knows also how much we have regretted the objections which the con- vocation of Plenipotentiaries gave birth to when they weie already on the point of meeting.The Jtinperor's Government, Monsieur le Marquis, thus found itself in presence of the hypothesis which theCourtofViennalongknewthat we neithercould nor would accept—that of the employment of force to impose a solution.Lieutenant of the different counties of England,-that itisnottheintentionoftheGovernmenttocauuethe Yeomanry to be drilled and exercised this year.In contequence of the completion of the telegraph between Alexandria and India, news from India willI will say nothing that can surprise Austria, and stillto proceed itself to the restoration of the dispossessed (Avla MassimaL, where he sat on a throne reared fo••- hae been shelved. The preiminaries were indeed dynasties without the result ofthe*war bemg annihila- the occasion, there the Count Thomas Geroli,thepunishment for his slanders and insolence, which he and his friends have published from time to t>me in the public press, w e had no evidence that he still existed in the flesh."Doctor was summoned out, would say, " Dear breth* ren, let us offer a prayer for the poor sufferer to whose re'ief my son Richard has been called," In this w a / the eon gained notoriety.J.0CO TJnitftd SU1<MI :•«,5.000 Teoo«««ee 6*. :«. 10,000 Mi^ouxi State <* 26,000 do.....1,000 CbL &. R»k I*L B2,0TS DcLLack.it W. 2< 300 Pac. M. bteasa'pCo.t5 do..*...STOwaa Bank •20 Canton Company... 11WN.Y. Contra!£ 0. 900 do100 Badaoa River B.B..There was a larg« "day, and with eome was decidedly upwj The tran«actioi»6 i itered were large, ai tone of the dispat< stating that the S hill caused' the s other, thatthe.. poned . until t o n advance J f* cent sitive than just n is watched with ea street. The latest will be defeated in promiae bill, which posted. Pacific hh demand at 93$. . Ti hear, has been post nual period, and t icent. Delawareai selling at 85. T i ingooddemand,3 upward. The viev ago in regard to tin pear to bo conctu ators ia these stockbut by moderate re to take lines of the ihe immediate futn:•occluded; the Districts of Chablais and Faucigoywere to be annexed to Switzerland, to aggrandize turn, without violating her principles, do violence totheCantonofGeneva;VictorEmanuelwastore- thepapulations? HeavetotheloyaltyofCountde "awell-thinkingman."ThePopntenderedh'sfoot tain the counties of Maurienne and Tarantaise,in the Rechbtrg the task of replying to theee queetions. Thus to tbe kisses of all persons present; he then stood up ninthCenturythecradleofhisdynasty;therest nthetwocasestherewasamoralimpossibilityof andanswered,inItalian,thesewords,whichImossted, and its object disavowed? Could France, in herd«an of the legal facuHy, with a trembling aud unin telligiMe voice, read t h e address. Geroli is kno'vn a s1 wa» on tbe square. I t was 11 o'clock, as I told you. There were a hundred idlers about; not more, Iof the police. There was no cheer, no cry whatever ThePopedidnotlookathiscase. Isawnolongeron his lips that UHual simper which has given rise to so great a variety o f interpretation among politica phvejognomietp. Ho was received on tbe threshold bv tbe two cardinals. He proceeded to viait tbe church lately restored; he then pasted on to the main hallvebiion are hereby expreiwly inntruotod to insist that said Con- vent! on sball adopt a j latfonn of principles, recognizing distinctly therightsof tbe8onthasassertedinthe foregoingresolution*; and if the aaid Na^nal Convention sball rnfueo to adopt, in suh- htrnice, the propositions embraced in the preceding resolutions, prior to nominating candidates cnr delegates to said Convention are hereby positively instrncted to withdraw iher«from.country which he has solemnly sworn to support andmaintain. He has again ventured to malign, slander, letters from bis illdttrious cotemporaries.SOcoo3MS0 50 50300 3C0 3,0000 0 * t « «••#*••'•dotio «•*........ do •*•*•••*•»• do #•••»......O.C. • • • * • • • • . . • 0 0 • • # • * » » • ! • . •JiTjt afe-rgw^•Anation; it was eent home to the absent, ones togetherwith tbe'r monthly stipend, as if .to intimate to themthatthatmoneywouldbethelasttheyshouldtouohif £2.1,000,000,anotellshiscorrespondenthehasnot, - - I t is now believed tbat the yellow fever havingbrokenoutwithgreatvirulenceatHavana,itmaynot consequenceofthreatsofexcommunisationoftbeKragtbey withheld their signatures. The names of the ex-Jesuit Carlo Paseagua, Professor of Philosophy, and called by the priests tbe "reprobate" on account of his liberal principle; of the priest Giovanni Peru- gini,ProfessorofthetextCanonLaw,whohadbeen dismissed from office as cracked on account of his sticking to forms; of Dr.. Carlo Maggjoraui, Professor ofLegalMedicine,werewanting.^Tbeaddresswas handed to them on their first appearing on Tnes'iay. Pemgini read it, then, turning to aU the prafeBBors, taid:"GKNTLKMBN: I profess before you all that this addroRs con- tains fnW , ahunrd and heretical proBonitiona-—viz , that the tem- poral dominion is asoumed as divinitttt datum. It is noir fall time that every formula should bo reduced to its proper tonne 5 this form?)*,is false and condemned by the Church, and I, a«a pxofnsvor of canon law, must oppose it with all energy and enter my pnblic prntost agninstit. 1 also protest ag<dn'st any comonl*Biou thbt may be reeorted to to obtain my signature to such adoc- nm«ut, as one of the professors."obeerved on the pait of the clergy any desire to check the expenditure.The Commodorebeen 103 days out from Melbourne. She has also a volnsblecargoofwool.be entirely safe for Northerners to go to Charleston on the 23d of April next.*of Sardinia, a Commission, consisting of some oVthe mo*t distil-gnashed advocates of Turin, was appoiatedi— The Hartford Courant states that tbe manufac- to go t o France together with Nice. Lord A new fact must, moreover, be msntioned here. " I gladly accept, gentlemen, the feelings which I of a break-up in the Charleston Convention: Gen. expressed determination of eight millions cf freemen ture of odometer8, for measuring the distance traveled]Palmerston never had any serious objection From what took place 10 veara ago. the belief mightfeel [sic) expressed in j o u r address—both tbose whichnot to submit to be ruled by a gang of murderers and thieves, who, in the oft-abused name of liberty, have conppired to commit the darkest crimes agahwt Godby any vehicle, is now carried on somewhat exten- sively in tbat city. Livery keepers use them consider- ably, and in many cases the individuals who go off for a drive of five or ten miles, and take Iwenty, are brought up " with a round turn" by the contrivance* and often to their great astonishment*—Among the bills introduced into tbe Legislature of this State is one to incorporate the " New-York Saddle , Horse Club "—corporators, Charles A . D«ia, John A . C. Gray, George E. Waring, jr., Edward Bayard, and William LeffingwelL Capital, $200,000. Object, theagainst the plan, and Lord John Russell washave been entertained that anarchy would invaderefer to your duties as instructors of youth, and thosewhich William 111. of Orange proposed the an- nexationof-SavoytoFranceforthetransferof the rights of France to the Duchy of Milan; but the public a t large w a s somewhat alarmed by see- JBg Napoleon entering upon a career of territorial aggrandisement. Prussia and all Germany wore liostile t o t h e scheme; which they took for a preludetion v*ould soon spread everywhere. These apprehen- the formtr, I advise yon to abide with firmness b y stone; "W. H . Forney of Calhoun; John A. Elmore of and their country, and to boast of the deeds of valorimpressing some persona, has inspired others with sym to the annexation of the Bhenish provinces, and pathy; and this latter sentiment has been manifestedit is true; but tbey are free and bold (sic), and by their evil arts they lead the inexperienced into their own way. I have no more to tell you—nay (sic) will tellVictor Emanuel, himself, did not like to part with a over a part of Europe with a force which cannot be portion of his subjects as loyal and brave as those disregarded. This creates a situation which neither t h a«f any other province. Thus Napoleon found i t Emperor's Government nor Austria can, on account of more convenient t o adjourn the question and the consequences which would flow from an erroneous appreciation of tbe dispositions of puolic opinion, failcians had gone in largely to back tbeir views and opin-ions, and natorally the cloud so dark to some has toothers its * silver lining.' W o hear of numor.ms casesof loss*8far up in the nundreds; several betd of $1,000,teat this sentence is trae. I add, that that spirit of many fifties, scores of' tens/ and no endsto hats,boots, This is all admirable and instructive. W e learn prayer which is BOuniversally aroused among the boxes of cigars, etc. One enthusiast loses hie horse from it: 1. That every Member of Congress swears toCatholics ie also tbe work of God, and we may, there- and buggy, another a watch and seals. The Republi- fore, confidently trust that no greater evila will oppress cans swept the field and won every bet, a remarkable us. What has occurred in this place (alluding to the circumstance due to the figures going beyond the limit* to put the screw upon Sardinia, in order to force her to make of herself the proposition of a changeto take into very serious consideration.God forbid, Monsieur le Marquis, that w e should not'•—A Western letter saya of Kit Carson: "When oa his feet, Mr. Carson has a somewhat dumpy look—the reeult of what the Hoosier girl described in Mr. Doug- las as an ' m-fy-nite small chance of legs;' but he site npon a horse like a king. I never saw a mux present- ing a more regal aspect than this veteran mountaineer,-which h e alone desires. Accordingly w e again hear ©f difficulties about t h e annexation o f Cen- tral Italy. Though Parma and Modena are to be joined to Sardinia, Tuscany is again to have an independent separate existence, under the nephewsoon be blown to the windr by the unanimous inet of Vienna doubt it—is sincere and profound, and declaration o f the Central Italian and Tuscan the Emperor's Government expresses it without hesita- Deputies that they desire annexation, complete tion ; but that Government is obliged to reckon with annexation, and nothing but annexation. Victor insurmountable difficulties, which even in the AustrianCabinet itself, as it proved by a recent communication Emanuel and Cavour are ready upon this ofPrinceMetternich,renouncesthehopeofseeingthese of Zurich have, assuredly, such a bearing.France only promised her moral cooperation—a co- JEtomagna must acknowledge the suzerainty of the operation of which we must, after fix. months' efforts, Pope> I have no doubt that this new scheme will admit theinefficiency. Ber regret—let notthe Cab-with to recall to mind—nay, I will not speak of it. I betting on election is not here in discussion. W e are 3. Tbat the Republican party is a gang of murdererswith, however, to tell you, that before leaving home only af or Mr. Gradgrind's 'facts.' The headquarters and thieves; 4. That be who speaks against Slavery, when upon his favorite animal, dashing along like the•f victor Emanuel, now six years old, while the(sic) I have received some information which has of the Young Men's Republican Club were throngedgreatly consoled me. Io a second-rate Italian town throughout the day by eager and joyous Republicans. slave breeding, the slave-trade, or the extension of which baa gone asunder from the Pontifical domin- Speeches were made, cheers given, andeverybody had Slavery into, new Territories, is guilty of blasphemy..tbe purpose of electing delegates to a State Consti- tutional Convention, and to take the sense of the peo- pleinregardtoformingaState,theRepublicanselectedacting. faithfully report:T. L. Tonimin of Mobile; Gen.' E. D.King of Perry; quieted b y the production o f a treaty, b y Central Italy, and that the dissolving spirit of revolu- which 5on expreep toward toward our person. As to J. Withers Clay of Madison; G. H. Hobbs of Lime-sionshavenotyetbeenrealized;and,towhateverin- yourresolutions;fortheothers,Ithankyou. Cer-'Montgomery;E.C.BullockofBarbour.whichbeandhisinfamousconfederateswillperform— he would only degrade himself and expose his pitiab'e pusillanimity, even in the eyes of those who still be- lieve in his fanaticism "solemn act on the part of Central Italy, at once to solved by tbe influence of a Congress.•takepossessionoftheProvinces,attheriskOfsee- Mustwebeindefinitelystoppedbysuchanobstacle? followtheirexample—ohjno! Isay itonly to tell ntntamong whichwere illstarred, lifeless roosters,their delegates in Otoe County by 150 majoriny. majority in favor of a State organization was 250.PERSONAL.•Theing the French army withdrawn from the Mincio. Fwati is already preparing for such an eventuality; battalions are organized, cannon are rifled, andMustweshutoureyestothedangerswithwhichthis yonofmygreatsatisfaction,tinceprayeriswhatwe bunghead downwardg, a symbol everybody would state of uncertainty threatens all Europe ? Mast, muft principally rely upon; and I am certain that the perversely connect with the fowl tbat appeared in everything be left to chance, at the risk of seeinxr prayers of BO many CavholiCB throughout the world minature at the head of the Democratic" ticket, so purely revolutionary sentiments necessarily take the will not be unfruitful before the Lord, whose bleuting sadly slaughtered on Taesiay. Among these Ger-EtairBologna fortified. Still it remains a question if the SJace of those which we do not ask Austria to approve, 1 invoke upon you. Benedictus, &e." mans was the German Stonecutters'Association, two Itmperor of Austria, even under such circum- nt which she cannot expect a Government based on After closing his speech, be descended from' the hundred strong, who have done 3eoman service in thestances, could try the fortune of war. The Papal universal suffrage to condemn absolutely ? In this throne, and diemiseed all tbe bystanders; be then visic- hardest of the conflict. Of these stonecutters were army has now~ been increased up to 25,000 men, perilous game, the monarchical ideas which have never ed i-evert.1 museums, greatly enriched, enlarged, and the fifty-five workmen of William C. Deakman, pro-—A gambler known as Mountain Jack performed an extraordinary feat of physical strength a few nights ago, in the bar-room of the St. Charles Hotel,New- Orleans, where a large number of the carnival revelers bad assembled. A drunken fellow, dressed in Indian costume, rode a horse into the bar-room, and dismount-accompanied prayer with tears and lamentations. name should be changed to the Duke of Wails.Hiev-hich has attracted my attention, and has pleased me much. This is it: that tbe political funerals of the Popes breathe an air of life- Yes, certainly, instructed by tbe history of our predecessors, I have found outpolitical bigotry has expelled the instinct of patriotism, but of their canting confederates, w h o , with blas- phemous candor, deride the institutions of the land at home."encouragement and practice of horsemanship, breeding of saddle horses.and t h etmdextendtoHungary.FrancisJosephisthetrac*ofwhichisnotyetobliteratedincertainpor-disconnectedtwaddle.HeapprovedtothefullthatWard.AstheseGermanandScandinavianRepubli-edtotakeadrink,andwhileatthebaranotherdrunkenbourd'e."Juleps,butthenrecentlyimportedfromthetherefore trying hard to conciliate the Emperor of tiots of Italy. heretical proposition—hoc regimen divinitus datum> cans passed through the streets the liveliest euthufliaflm Kustia-, he promises to leave him free scope in 1 do not suppose that these considerations have never and very likely be will again and again set it forth as was manifested "along the'r entire line of march. the east and to cooperate with him on the lower presented themselves to the mind of tbe Emperor Fran- an article of faith. At 8 minutes to/2 o'clock the Pope These men are householders, many of them land-cis Joseph, and tbey could not have escaped the notice again re-appeared on the threshold of the main en- owners, and all of them at work at rearing homes in Danube, if he will guarantee Venetia and Hungary of the Emperor Napoleon. trance. The equare was all taken up by the carriages Chicago."to Austria. Prince Gorchakoff, however, has no "When the employ ment of foreign force is excluded of bis retinue, by dragoons, and noble guards. His —The Washington correspondent of The Herald at the time on a spree, and a fancy seizing him, drink, had been introduced by Dickey, and served well *i answerforsuchproposal*;heknowsthedifficultiesfromallthesecombinations,howisthedifficultytobehandsomecarriage"stoppedtheway,"butthemarblewrites: hestoopedoverthehorse,placedhisrightarmforWintereveningsociality,butontheapprjaohof.that xoatters will be matured BO that w e shall be open to the straggle between French and Austrian in- band in bis pocket, took out a purge, which he gave to thinking Germans of Illinois, and the miscellaneous^—The Post says that Rembrandt Peale has so far respondent furnishes the following anecdote regarding recovered from his late illness, which confined him in Hia Holiness, which is condside^ed authentic: Stonington, Conn., as to be able to return to his home " A few days ago he was walking out of the Portaabletoprognosticatethefuture.FRANCE AND AUSTRIA.The following is the text of an important dispatch o"ML. Taouvenel, Minister for Foreign Affairs, to thefluence; itmustbeeonolonger..Ifoneofthetwo MoDtigriorFerrari,andthengotinniscarriage.Both RepublicanmaterialsofCalifornia,Sewardispro-Iwtveherselftoblameifshedoesnotprogressregularly iuorderandinlibeuyI"MarylandLegislatureupon the course of Mr.Henry WinterDavisinthecomestfortheSpeakership,has done more than aught else to take the wind oafi of the sails of Mr. Bates; as it has been received as proof p o s i t i v e t h a t t h e e l e c t o r a l v o t e o f t h e S t a t e w i l l b e—The Times' San Francisco correspondent writestbattheticketsrunattheprimaryelectionwore,notas between the friends of Fremont and Seward, but asbetween the latter and those who would pledge them- —It is rumored that the Legislature of New-Jersey s e l v e s t o s t a n d b y t h e n o m i n e e a t C h i c a g o , w h o e v e r h eIn pronouncing these words, Monsieur le Marquis,the Emperor entertained the hope that the new organ-ization of Italy might be conciliated with the restora- has let things come to their present pass, aad that wem—TbeHon.DanielS.Dickinson,wifeanddaughter, » 1are in the city, stopping at the Fifth-avenue Hotel.<—B. Johnson Barbour, esq., has accepted the in- vitationtodelivertheaddressontheoccasionofthe inauguration of the Clay Statue at Richmond on the12th of April. The pavilion for the elatue is to be. ! placed on the west slope of the Capitol square, not far 1 from the bell-houBe, and will be a very handsome orna-ment to Richmond.—The Liverpool Albion sayi (hat a young lady, thoeldest daughter of a well-known political baronet, wasso deep a sleeper that it was alwa>s difficult to wake 1her; and in the year 1858 a fire broke out at night in (Mt- -•'Vaition of their subjects favorable to tnem, and that ment.whathappened? TheGovernmentswhichnadre- Kechberg,andgivehimacopyifhedesiresit.Accept,day.BtfuBed in possession of their States did not accomplisha n y o f t b e r e f o r m s w h i c h t h e E m p e r o r h a d i n v i e s v .The Holy 8ee, though showing itself somewhat moredisposed to follow our counsels, thought right to ad-& c ,THOUVENKL.to his business, and his success at it testifies how prac- "OughtiheSouthtoadheretotheUnionintheevent ticalamanheiB. TheColonelhimselfisseldomseeniijournmdefmiielytherealizationofitspromises. The Comrrxi&denceofTheLondonTime*. .1860.. tewski, whose former relations in Tuscany particular- the Jesuits dare not uphold, " that the temporal powerbefore he gets home.—•A letter written from Washington to Senator Munroe of the Onondaga District, and published inBtances: They were taking a carriage-ride in one of themeet a Judge Hill, who was riding leisurely along Winthrop and family of Boston, aocompauied by a ite-Powers formerly'rivals made a sacrifice which should be d:rtctly to the advantage of the other; i f the su- premacy m Italy, only changing hands, was again to be OUTS for a lime, the question would appear under a n aspect rendering all discussion idle and fruitless. B u t the question is not so propounded. France does noicriet—the cheer and the call of distref-.s, were repeated- nounced the man."Marquis do Mouetier, French Ambassador at Vienna: seek to substitute herself for Austria in Italy; the mat- of M. Ferrari, the treasurer, where five bajoecni (2£d.)per head were distributed. Yesterday the Pope askedto see the four students who had promoted the aldre&s jo*deknowntojouthepropoeitaonarelativeto Italy, theaction,alternatelypredominating andalwayspre- among their comrades—Lenta, Maldura, Rusca, of which the Government of Her Britannic Mijescy carious, of one or other of the two Powers. Ardent]—praised and thanked them for their loyal look the inrti*tiv«, and of the manner in which, iu cou- Elsewhere than in such a solution—which, I do not zeal, and presented them with a gold medal, of the Jforcajty with the orders of the Emperor, I received hesitate to confess, is not, if not as regards its spirit, at worth of 40 pcudi each. The Rect.>r and VicoReotor th«m. W e entertain the firm hope that the Cabinet of least as regards its form, that which was andcipateu at have been dismissed from their office. A consibtorialVienna will appreciate the character of our replies, and Villafranca and Zurich—I vainly look foi any other advot ate will be appointed to the rectorship. no*> containing the elements of future troubles. LetIkesentimentsoffranknessandloyaltywhichhavein- thissolution,towever,berealized,Idonotsaywithspired them. the support of the Cabinet of Vienna, which the Em- ]£la takingpossessionofmyfunctions,atthepresent peror'sGovernmentdoesnotseektoobtain,batwith-•oxjuncture, 1 find mjeelf in presence of a difficult Bit- out its formal opposition, and the most penetratingnation,theprolongationofwhichwouldpresentthe glancecannotthenceforthdiscoveracauseofconflictsravest danger to JEurope; and I have consequently between Fiance and Austria; there will not remain,fe*d to occupy myself, above all, with the means of in fact, a single interest of importance in Europe onpatting an end to it. From conversations I have had which tbey can have any difficulty in coming to an un-MOKMSCK IX 21A.RQ.VIB:- My preceding dispatchlarger amounts in money, by the Democracy. All thenegroes stolen in a year, by the Abolitionists, sold atbigbpricesintheSouth,wouldnotamounttoonehalfof the amount of money stolen from our Government his late Eevero illness to the kindness of the citizens of your Soilness, I a m , y Santo Padre, si,'J at last stam- "bythepartyinpower. Thereisthisredeemingtrait Stonington,who,duringhisstaythere,loadedhim meredoutthecountryman. 'DoyouknowtheTen in the Democratic.ranks: Tney steal in every Custom- with every attention and civility. The most refined Commandments?'pursued the apostolical catechiat.House and every port in the Union. Their forgeries ' Santo Padre, si,' was again the answer; whereupon and robberies are in all the Land-Offices, among all and prominent people of the city visited him, sat up the Pontiff bade bim tell them one by one. The poor the contracts, pension claims, and Government works with him, und^ent him delicacies and presents. When, dumbfounded fellow tried one or two, then jumpedgoingon,bothNorthandSouth. Asthieves,robbers abletoleave,16menofwealthandpositionformed overtotbefifthorsixth,perceivedhismistake,andhia On "Wednesday night there was a strong muster at and plunderer s, they literally know no North, no confusion became worse confounded, till he fairly* OoldNat's,Cambrian,Castlestreet,Leicestersquare, South,noEast,noWest! Theyareonegloriousband themselvesintoanescort,and,ontheirownshoulders, broliedown. TbePopethenv<akedonwithbissuite,to witneps the staking of the third^deposit of £50 a side of robbers, veho everywhere act in concert, their hopes carried Mr. Peale, in an easy chair, from his room to and said triumphantly, ' Let the people learn God'ster is to constitute Paly herself an intermediate party— PARIS, Jan- 31. as a kind of neutral grouod, henceforth inaccessible toChriB'ian?' asked the Pope; and as the poor fellow, been painted from life in 1795. Mr. Peale attributes, all taken aback, was dumb, the question was againw«h»*ypredecessor,andfromanattentivestudyofderstanding.TothisidentityofinterestsIamauthor-cauftdinsomedegreebvtbeexcitementanentthetovoteforanycandidatewhowouldpUcehimselfpainter by turns,, their companions alternating with —InachurchinNorfolk,lastSunday,aloadedpistolanotherDiamondWedding?"TheWashingtonStates•fli«ial documents—a task to which I brought a mind ized by the Emperor to state that there would befreefromallprejudice—Ihavearrivedata conviciion superaddedonbisparttbesentimentofprivateesteem •which it was my duty not to disguise from the Empe- for the Sovereign and Government who-, in circum-fight between Mace and Travers on the same day, but fairly on the Republican platform, but he thought it moreespeciallybytheexpectation universally preva-lent, that the Bene-cia Boy, who had been,prescut at best to seek him within the limits of the organization. the mill, would have put m an appearance. In this, Be did not think the Republicans would be willing tobo wever, the Fancy were doomed to disappointment, become parties to an agreement according to the terms tbe Boy, with commendable prudence, keeping himself of which the l&tter-day old-line Whigs, the old-Hneout of temptation, and sending an embasc-ador 10 theCambrian Court in the shape of Jack Alacdonald, to Americans, and who knows what other old lines, will mirth. As Barksdale was urging all the Oppositionfee tbat all was straightforward and shipshape. -On furnish the platform and candidate, while the Repub-says:" 'No!' Mr.CharlesHeidsieck 'theeminentdeal-ror, and Ilia Majesty has authorized me to write you asreeervedly respecting it."Without going further back, I take the facts at the 4ai* of the signature of the preliminaries of Villafranca. The day after that memorable event, the Emperor, still full, if I may eo speak, of the reminiscences of the interview with bis august adversary of the dav before, characterized, in a proclamation addreftied to hia army, -the result vhich he believed he h*d obtained without Marrying the w a r further, owiDg to the moderation ofthetwosovereign*.*•The base* of peace are fettled with the Emperor ofer in champagnes,' is evidently the person here al- ;—During the progress of the balloting for Speaker, luded to, and is not likely to marry ' the fair one' fromsaid nothing here of the situation of ibe Romagoa, •**The principal object of tne war is attained—Iwdy ia like the Duchies, o f express stipulations betweencony, and in an audible whisper exclaimed, " David/—Lord Palmerston has submitted the name of the Rev. Dr. Vaughan to the Queen as the new Bishop of Rochester. Dr. Vaughan was kotely Master of Harrow.—ThedaughterofRobert Burns hasrecived only about $1,600 from the subscription made in her behalf ingreatBritain.—OnMondaynightlast,Mr.GeorgeSumnerlectured inElmira,makingtheonehundredandfourthlecture- he has delivered this season.Austria," said his Majesty on the 13th of July last.about to become, lor the first time, a nation. Venetia,it ie true, is to remain niider the scepter of Austria, but•he will f evertbeles8 be an Italian province. Thegovernments which did not take part in the movement,or which may be recalled to their territories, will un-Jerttand thenecessity of 'salutaryreforms. . . . cannotconsiderthepossessionoftheLegationsbythe Italy, be^ceforth mistress of her destinies, will onlyHoly See in any but a temporal point of view, it none thelessdeeplydeploresthat tbeCourtof Borne,deaf toitscounsels,anditmayevenbesaid,withmore reason, indifferent to the unanimous counsels of Europe ever since J831, as well as to the teaching of events,—The Washington Star saysthattheactionofthe spectators.*tfton, u n d e r c e r t a i n d e t e r m i n e d c o n d i t i o n s , o f t h e o l d a r e s t i l l r e a d y t o l e n d o u r s u p p o r t , o n t h e s o l e c o n d i t i o ndyxaeties. His Majesty in particular took pleasure in that tbe pnnoip e o*non-intervent'on on the part of for-tusking that the chiefo of those dynast es would them- eign Powers is maintained to all the compromises aod•elvesendeavortoremovethe difficulties which they combinations which may be thought calculatedto pursuetbeplan hethinksmost suitabletoenablehim would have to overcome in order to render the diapo- bring about a solution Jess radical than dismember- toaccomplh-h the job he has undertaken. Heenan re-w i l l m a k e a n a p p r o p r i a t i o n o f $ 5 0 , 0 0 0 f o r a c o p y o f Mills's statue of Washington,turned to his training quarters on Thursday. H i s precious time woula not be lost. But, on the contrary, R- You | will| please read this dispatch to Count de colors are red, white, and blue borders, surrounded4• During the past four years, he has Btuckclosely—»t e r m s o f N a t L a n g h a m , C a m b r i a n , C a s t l e s t r e e t , Leicester square.o f t h e e l e c t i o n o f W i l l i a m H . S e w a r d t o t h e P r e s i - dency ?"i n t o w n . ' J e s s i e ' i s m o r e o f t e n s e e n h e r e , t h e c a r e o f their place near the Mission seeming to devolve upon her bands."—A. bogus Zoyara has turned up in Cleveland. " Mile. Jennie Leon," the beautiful and accomplished danseufeattbetheaterthere,isayoungman.Amore tplendid deception can hardly be imagined. Loon has Ihe fineness and symmetry of limb, the plumpnesi ofA SPEECH BY THE POPE.Tom Bayers, we are told, is doing his utmost to getfit, andbeginsnowto seetheimportance of leaving —Attherecenttown elections in ErieCountytheAustrian Government maintained silence on the gener-•oas intentions matifested to the Emperor with regardtotheGovernmentofVenetia.TheDukeofMooena togetherwiththegendarmesandthesbirri,wereon announcedelsewhere,andonTuesdaymorningre- desired toxetmn, bv force, to his States, and tbe GrandXhtke of Tuscany, befoze adopting a resolution which awning, with myrtle leaves and yellow sand strewn on Wilkes's Spirit contains nothing of importance con- tbe mteretta of his House pressed him to adopt with- the ground, to attract the greater possible number of cerning the match, beyond a contradiction of Heenau'aRepublicans elected 12 Sapervisors to the Democrats 9 and Americans 4. A correspondent writes us. that theRepublicanCauseisgainingstrengthinErie County, and that the Chicago nominee, whoever he may be, will have a plurality of from 1,000 to 1,500.duty at the entrance, all hung in festoons, with a largesumes close work a t his favorite headquirtere.several times. The Pope—I watched him well— glanced at all that beggarly crowd, rubbed his hands a^ain and again, and turned to talk to one of the 3lon- signori by bis side. The carriage drove off, the gen- darmes drove the poor rabble to tbe neighboring palace—Parson Brownlow, sermonizing in his last paper in Philadelphia. Mr. Peale is now in the 83d year of Angelica, precee'ed and followed by his N »ble Guards, upon " Democratic stealing," says: accompanied by two Monsignori. He was converBing-" For the life of us we can't see thatthe stealing of his age, and a friend informs us that be saw him in his with these prelates on various matters, when he stop-negroes, or property, by the Abolitionists, is any bet- studio laet Friday, commencing another copy of his ped short before an old countryman *ho was kneeling:ter in a moral point,of view, than the stealing of celebrated portrait of Washington, the original having on the hijLih road, soliciting his blessing. * Are you a>:TOMSHYERSANDTHEBENICIA.BOY.now reach England in six days.POLITICAL.jforthismatch.Thestakingofcoursewasamerematter ol form, especially on the part of the AmericanChampion, the whole of whose money has been sometime in our hands. The crocvd on the occasion was Convention of Wisconsin, said he was perfectly willing them in tbe self-imposed task.stances equally delicate and momentous, should sho w toward him a friendly feeling which his Majesty would ever appreciate. I need not add that if tue Austrian Government adhered to the combination proposed by the Government of her Britannic Majesty, the fimps- ror's Government would feel bound to sarroand tbe execution with all desirable guaranties of sincerity, and that if any chance of a restoration remained for tbe dispossessed dj nasties, we should tak* the mostscrupulous care that it might not be lost. You|will|observe,MonsieurleMarquis,thatIhavener than when we latt saw him, and there was an elas-simply because that question has not been the object, ticity and a buoyancy of spirits about him which empowers the Governor to appoint three Commission-{•bowed that the formidable taik before him evidently ers, to meet a similar number to bo appointed on behalfdid rot disturb hia dreams. The only complaint he of Virginia, to negotiate Buch cession. The Pennsyl- blemember looked up,recognized his better half, col-Thursday Heenan called on us to report himself, and we at once perceived that he had been anything but idle during his brief sojourn among the Wiltshireelements to unite on McClernand, a lady io one of thefront seats in the gallery was observed to become verymuch excited. She coughed, made signs, and by other for the purchase of Sunnyside. whereas the estate i*—Resolutions have been introduced in the Pennsyl- downp. Be was evidently in rude health, and fast vania Legislature, contemplating the purchase of thatkee. It is somewnat hard that a man who has come given to tbe nominee of the Charleston Convention,mifcihtbe. The result was decidedly in token of tbefactthatSewardisthecity'sfirstchoice. ButFremontnever bad so many friends in California as he has to-BOfar at his own expense should hot be allowed towhoever he may be.—The Virginians of Lexington, Ky., celebrated the birth-day of Washington with addressee and debateby the thirteen stare, and bearing the motto, "May by a literary society.- The question debated was, the best man win." They may be had on tbe usualno stone unturned. He comes to Lonion to-morrow (Monday), to take bis benefit at St. George's Hall, asoutdelay,waitedsolongthatanAssemblymetandgapingcuriouspeople.,Alltheprofessorsintheir1tatement,whichwepublished,thatbewouldfightat—TlieSpringfield(Mass.)Republicansaysthataim,tbefullnessofshoulderandbosom,socharacteris- proclaimed his deposition. The general situation in a gowns, all the weimoen of tbe various colleges in cap 12 Bt. 7 M>, or thereabouts. Our worthy cotemporarytbe family mansion, when a male domestic burst into •word,wasalreadygravelycompromisedwhennego- ndgown,CardinalAltieri,theArch-Cnancellor,and •aysHeenancannotfightunder13Bt.7lb,or189lb. thereWBBaPresidentialvoteuponthespecialtrain ticofthewell-formedgirl. Hishairislong,*blackandherroom,and,snatchingherasshelayinbed,con-tiations for the signature of the treaty of peace were Cardinal Santucci, the Prefect, all were there, and had We again put the question to Heenan on Thursday, from Worcester to Boston, after the Republican Con- silky, and the lad knows how to dross it in a captivat- veyed her to a place of safety. Strange to say, the•pened at Zurich. been since 10 o'clock, to do homage to his Holiness, when be positively assured us he would not exceedTbe Emperor's Government, nevertheless, faithful and to present to him an address, written in Latin on 2 St. 7 lb, and in corroboration of this assertion both to its promises, frankly admitted the reserve of the parchment, with gilt letters and a variety of ornaments he and Macdonald stated that even now he does notvention of Wednesday, and the footing was: Seward, ing manner. Leon, of course, has many lover«. One lady's high lense of modesty caused her preserver to B^B 222; Banks, 93; Douglas, 2; scattering, 10. in Washington, who, of course, has never seen him off jjH|xceed13Bt.Timewuishow.[Bell'sLife,Feb.2b. LATEST BY THE CITY OF BALTIMORE.IBy Telegraph to Qu**)ii»towii jLONDON, Thuruday, March 1.THE REFORM BILL.Lord John Russell will introduce the Ministerial lyqualified himtorthemission, werechargedtopro* "of tbePopeswasinstituted by Christ,and isthere- measureto-m>ht. TlicDaily Napabehovesthat,bc- *ee« to Central Italy to give counsel and exhortation. fore unchangeable, eternal;" a heresy first broached Vide tbe Engliah Reform Bill, the leading provisions of -The impression which their language and proceedings by that ignoramus the parish priest of San Kocco, and Irish and Scotch reform bills, i f not the bills them- gamifiit gnfSeee assuredly to demonstrate the sincerity now repeated and supported by tbe whole body of the selves, wil). be laid before the House of Commons thisjaithem I»ppeaiwithout,fearoathispointtotheprofessors.Youmust,however,knowthatontheevening.>•*••,•.,... IjfcTJgHWgbe discharged from her father's service. The ladyi* —Benj.Eggleeton,esq.,ofCincinnati,leftfor theBtage,sendsLeondiamonds,bracelets,silks,&c, stillunmarried,buttbemanwhoriskedhislifetosave HEffisdynasticrightsinTuscany,in,Modena,andevenin inminiature. Thisaddress,writtenbyCardinal Paxoia, although nothing was agreed to at Villafraaca Ma»si, the Profeseor of Latin and Italian Eloqnencein favor of Duke Eobert. and Itoman History, had from beginning to eud noWhile this pledge was given by the Emperor's Gov- other object but to demonstrate a proposition con-4BJnment m the stipulations of Zurich, two Envoys, demned as heretical by various Councils, and even by firtt Count de Beiset, and a little later Prince Poma- canon law, and whieh even the Bishop of Orleans orChicago on Thursday morning, for the purpose of and "wants to see her personally." •eecuring hotel accommodations for the Ohio delegation —A loving couple in Memphis, Tonn., wore last to the National Convention. He will " pay for it" week married, under the following singular circum-that of his mistress has been rewarded by a legacy of HI £500 bequeathed to him by bis late master.'<.«-, ,»*>.».,*.,./•» *+.!**-Hl*^ ,-*-"*tbewillof thenation, which row thinks fittospend£36,000,COO a year on 'supply service, instead of—The Democratic State Convention of Alabama,preparing for a grand Democratic break-up, embodiedgenial to the taste of a scion of Irish noblity, but is cer- the great sculptor's descendants. A s some oppositiontainly dwcreditablei even to The Constitution. W e was made by Signor Buonarotti's heirs, the Tosea* quote a few specimens: Government settled tbe matter by paying them 4,00$" Heh»satlengthventuredtoemergefromhisigno- scudi. It,isstated that amongthetreasures thusbe- minioub seclusion. He has again ventured to assail, come public property are several unpublished work*in its platform the two following resolutions:assure you. mixed with the priests, and a large posee Rctolvcd, further, Tbat our delegates to the Charleston Con- w5th a view to destroy, one of the institutions of his by M. Angelo in prose and verse, and a number of—Speaking of the recent Republican triumph in Chi- cago, The Press and Tribune says:" It is the instinctive tendency of a Black Republi- that the Democracy and Douglaeism have ever sus- can to seize upon every occasion to revile his country- tained in Chicago^ It bore with it pecuniary leatures men and degrade and disparage kis country. This^is which have become adjunct and'incident to contests at one of the teachings of Exeter Hall, and IBthe favorite you that I have read in a certain paper a sentence the ballot box. The sporting men and excited politi- pastime not only of the traveled traitors with whom"Tbe result is the most crushing and entire defeatwind."—TheRev.Dr.A.P.Peabody,just nominated aePlummer Professor of Harvard College, graduated a t me, Bologna—Borne good priests have celebrated a tive in tbe line of working off enthusiasm. A notable —At the election in Nebraska, on theSthinsti, for tbat institution at an earlier age than any other ofions, and where a high-school exists—you understand free lecouree to whatever was moderately demonstra- Comment is unnecessary.mass accord ng to the intention (mark well!) of theHoly Father. The fact being brought to the knowl-edge of those young men (the students), they haveclubbedtheirmoneytohaveothermassessaidtothis ourBtreetBinprocess:onsometwothousandstrong, eame holy purpote. I do not Bay this to induce you to led off oy several bands, and bearing emblems, promi-hisalumni. Hewasofthe classof1826,and at the time hod just reached his fifteenth year. Edward- Everettwasalsoayouthfulgraduate—beingonly'sev- enteen years old.—The Paris correspondent of the Courier de»Unis says that when the Grand Duke of Tuscany camo to Paris last year, be not only begged Louis Napoleonto restore Tuscany to him, but went on hia knees andceased to characterize the Italian movement would built in the best style by himself.' I am told that he prietor of a stone yard in the Tenth Ward, who were—The Boston Post sa^s:" Burton—the late ' Wil'iam H.—invented sherrfcobblers. It is related that when an actor in Philadel- phia, be frequented a famous resort for theatrical per- sonages and their friends, known as "Dickey Har-business o f Second BOJand Naples i s concentrating her troops on theSoman frontier; but if the war breaks out in earn- soon give way to ioeas of another kind. The popula- dittributtd his liberalities on that day also, but have fed off by tbeir own band of music. These gallanttions would at last get accustomed to a mode of gov- not ascertained the fact. I beg to assure you, on my iellows have wrought nobly in the campaign, their v- • est, all these armies cannot be depended upon, and ernment which only wants its real name—a govern- honor, tb*t the Pope's speech was precisely as I give employer continuing their wages and doing everything , • the insurrection will spread all over the Peninsula, ment which would find its basis in ancient traditions, it, with all the bad grammar, bad sense, its childish to a*.d them in the work of reedeeming the reninfeature of the afternoon was the turn out of tbe Ger- man Republicans (we ecarcly need to use the lost term) of the Sixth and Seventh Wards, who marched throughandaimsbeingone!"-—Carl Schiirtz, in his speech at the Republican Statethedepot,fourofthemconveyingthevenerable Commandmentsbyheart,anithentheywillbefitforlicans will have to furnish the votes." Some one has lately set a going the report that Mr. , president of some company, is negotiatingbequeathed permanently to the family, and ample pro- verginguponfightingtrim. Hismugwasmuchthin- portionofVirginiaknownasthe"Pan-Handle."It below. Notsucceeding,sheleanedfaroverth«bal- visionmadeforthispur}ose."—The Washington organ of the Democratic party, to the penalty of death,\\„. 'tocracy, devotes a long article to vituperation of theHon. Charles Sumner, in a style which may be con- tbat city by the bequest of Bignor Buonarotti, one ofRctoivcd, Thht an P'xecntive Committee, to consist of *nefrom each Congressional- District, be appointed, whose duty itshall be, in the event that bur d»legates withdraw from tbe pathy under bodily suffering inflicted on him as a just clergyman, with a large congregation, and when the Charleston Convention, to call a Convention of the Democracyof Alabama, to meet at an early day to consider w hat ia best tobo done.In accordance with the requirement of the last res- olution, the President of the Convention, the Hon. P. S. Lyon, has appointed the following-named gen- tlemen to perform the work assigned them in the event" He knows tbat were he there to talk of the ' gush- 'ing indignation Cf his soul against Slavery' and '•elavedrivers;' to ridicule the honestly and boldly«• Were it not for the pusillanimous appeals for sym-support Slavery; 2. That the attempted assassination of Mr. Sumner by Brooks in the Senate Chamber was butfellow climbed into the saddle. Mountain Jack, as bis South, vrere tbe popular tipple on the warm Summer name indicates, is a giant in size, six feet seven inches days, but Burton and his English friends, of whom high, finely proportioned, and possessed ef enormous Dicky was a i old on*, eschewed them as too heating;for a lengthened titting. A decoction of sherry wine,, strength, even beyondhiscolossal proportions. He was hot water, sugar and lemon peel, a favorite "English,in a great measure, the preservation of his life during.and again repeated with sxarp eagerness, .'Pleas©inthepocketofaboywentoff,penetratingthelegofa boy named Henry Brown just below the knee.Paris, because he already has a wife at Rbiems, to- in the House of Representatives, many ludicrous scenes whom he is fondly attached, and also has four chil-transpired. One, in particular, excited a great deal ofdren."—The Boston Transcript says:means attempted to attract the attention of a memberDavid, change your vote, you booby !" The honora-—The Newark Advertiser's Florence correapondent writes, under date of Feb.5: "Among late arrivalo principal streets of that city, when they chanced to here from the United States are the Hon. Robert C,Bfi • H&&'upon a favorite donkey. They at once accosted him, married ton and his family, and Mr. and Mrs. lvubn— m. " Cameron told me to-day that Mr. Seward could and requested him to unite them in the holy bonds of she a grandaughter of John Quincy Adams. Mrs. H* wb&K*.The Syracute Journal, says: carryPennsylvaniaby10,000majority."wedlock.Heaccededtotheproposition,and,withoutB.StoweandpartywillleavenextweekforRome."JW tf-fV,V.'..*•-.:.Untitled Documentindependence.'"—In answer to the Times' question, " Shall w e haveA'1ihe-theportant activity, which, h a d been 73f-, and was not of cific Mail was 931 £ mid at 18j. Iioc<3alena at 59j-, and of the market appes to-morrow, unless should taanspire, inJkotwouldevmpath recent advance in o eouri of tho passage news Missouri 6s w 81J, a decline of 1 affected, and Tenx "y/rMciC-JM paasec believe,theroads «achcompletedfivj jfirm. I n Bailroi moderate. Erie Convertible at- iiO, ^cent,seLiogat9 latest quotation* eouri 6s, 81J«SCumberland C o a Hail, 93J®94; 73|«732; ErieBailroad, 39®3'i; letn. Preferred, ol'a MichiganCentralE-em and Northern Cruaranteed,18a1 Illinois Central Chicago Railroad, £ailroad, 20®£0j; road, 64|«64i;TheExchange1 no transactions at iing-waa 103}-2 10; i>y some drawer?.Freight*-To U 200tee.Betfat'-h 200tee.Lard at2 Corn on private U•Craves at 25*.To Bremen; 300 b -50 bbls. Ashes on pfrom Norfolk to W The baainees of$146f612 84—for C 779 62-$44,000 C 727 94.The/firetweek Jtoad gives $11,616The following jbusiness of thepany^•Ean»in««InFebtn&i: Earnings in FebruaryIncrease....Infir*tthro*month*< .fcttHiOJsontno Uu,t yoaiThe following i 3Railroad, of Cana<y wight and Li> c S wc 3Par««li,Mail*, StC...Total... •• <Corre*ponoinx w*<»*.lucrt*»«. ..••••Thefollowingi •<>f t h e S c i o t o a n •juocth of FebmaxPafettengvr*.. Froi«htMailXExpceaa..... Total£xpen»t-«...|Not J The receipts of] can increase of $41 TheFebruaryeaJ teen made puV'liej •rate increase onlThe business 1 $24,455,974.Thl Brooklyn has deJcent, payabK-o ijatea for paper thlactions are exoJ held by tho discolquotations, howa Joans are 5®7 «H| call attention to W in Bridgeport a d l •aiiawByfa.«ttflttttThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com"fterafcat*.'.•.••: - w - c v . w w ^ . ^ ""'"'-• - • • — ssagssaaaa. r minimnnnwm 