 »!was notvivtd.These, and many other similar reasons, we urge forbellevtog that ail the enumerated grievances—the re- sults of Slavery agitation—are curable by remedies iiitblntheUnl««'.Unionagavntt both.In the next place let us consider the benefits of toisreport,quitepremises, there would not be sufficient accommoda--tent Gen. BaAsaocs to America to dislodge and drive back the French and Indians. Tne General, la ar-sLali cease—that these unconstitutional acts and pro-and happtoess. Not a pciople on earth, since we make It manifest tiian a reference to the of were under 30 andwithenpbul*.IkefngUU*«rtnttet-TttUUi And*!We herein»»li)glil«h-e»«n •»«»«UtWaatteB«eMlered. pudon geu up, delMktee become jeen aadStnei ud^|r^iB<Wi sentimentaaiLpeileThassotyMreaihedfteNSrth-empeople, ^TbemowStog-rociii Ktlftj bouies. lit^r"^IrtMHi bave we Iwra T» eoce to theiamecOneman nysbe wUl notatowlyprsdaoatLStatsi.^to«drenur proooiueee Utet tna^toihe.will be taken *'*"«»--«'"T eeimae**** t^tm—Mk' ^"y?_ «''*rw«— "* our real complaint Tliey Unce. 8be isDistrict," for the term Oct endingSixth, Eighth,urn, IM4,IMS.'•gl-^lf^*^.tpcyagnHy.tooT t»>i«meut a* Union men and demned the "~~"*~~uppeicifwhich, unpleaa- difflcalties of2>AfirHjrchusetts to Ihe duties of toe Constitution or from itsspectors of New-York and'.V ahookl.aetwe cane together In a sputt of udiRAflMlilldnmesxHirIwartswereailmmJeglad nevergo,.toformthanInsubstance.as toe models of good breeding. The demagogue on the busdngs has falsely caught at toeir mantles to hide his own sliame.This requires toat both sides of toe street should behad seen the priaoaer have; haalae cigar slump, altoough no one bad been•Iand Increases the length of correspondinglymen are honest wire and prudent Otherspatrolled,the line lo be protected. After making a fair allow- ance for sickness, which during toe quarter was 20 31- ICO men per day, without tocludlng excusable ab-found aThe number of arrests made by the force during the smolLlng Uiere Uie day baforatutu. The taller are often to be loved and euuour- afca; bot the iiist alone are to be relied <m in emerg-TfiC Northern Slates and people are the offenders. Tie South is aamagid by the offence. This gives her the right to dtmand the redress at the bands of theAlllidsbecausewehavebeenaccustomedtobe-lieve that toey succeeded to framing tbe best Consti-luilon, and in organizing toe best Government toew orld ever saw. Is toat Government, after all, a exceed 513 menquarterwas24,576. Ofthewere males, and 7.750 were leiualesnumber, could read and 17,423arrested,10.8-26of tne whole 781 could readnext w w as iiness,; alsoanemployeofMr.Spailu:he"nie young WasHnaroii was also brave, and in thetoat toe defendant then shows toere have been 4,562 cases subject to said he should allow his default to be taken if the,popular agnation,mtrkets besidetbefor Slavery can the necessi ies of man and the laws of tty the dlacoTery ibai our diffrrences or disputes were Heaven will never let It go, and it must have peace. foaadedoBgrouiidiesasDsplolons,aod we are agreed, And it has been tantalized and meddled with as longVa-tmait for reiistance. and we are«U for the peo- taai»eaB*enttan tu say howand where, and by whatment of ihelr labors. In verse and song, to liistory cept to toe lew cases where streets are boundaries New-York are by a slow process erecttoganewhouse 70, and had nut ahioe lecuveivj araean themand philosophy, to light literature aad grave learning, between precincts. The tr>:e Itoe of guard amounts for toe Twenty-second Precinct, and are rebuilding dlscbarsed the prisoner frmn bis employ aboat a theirnamesareeulogized,andtoeirdeedscomoiem- to(CSKmiles,lieingnearlydoubletoequantitybefore oneforIbeTwelfto,andthattoeCorporationof weekpievlou*todiis;sincetheanaetheliadeja- oraied and their wisdom ennobled. The painter has reported. Brooklyn are erecltog a new building for the Sixth verseo wito toe prisoner, wbo peniated in kaoinac given us the very laces and positions of the great When a civic guard properly performs his duty, it But little or no progress has been made by eitoer to n'otbii'g whatever ot ibe matter.counselors, as toey sat together. deliberaUng lu toe is not sufficient that he should keep a watchful eye providing for the rematoto^ five houses. V/m. Kwie, toe aext wttneaa, wae aa emplova of the formation of this Constitution. The pulpit has placed upon suspicious persons, but each building or other The building now erecting for the Sixth, in Brook- Iastwitoes>. He saw toe prisoner at the eacue-ioam tljeir virtues next to the purity and inspiration of tne premises should be carcfiilly scrutinized, on every lyn, however, is -n toe wrong principle of iieing con- when be stopped the envtne and lint op, oa the Hi early apottles. The Senate Ciiamber has Invoked tour, to discover wbether tbe thief may not have al- structed for a Court hqu>e, with the apartments for of Octotertneir sayings as Ihe test of good policy. The fire- ready entered, or thatotehe neglfiogrenhcies of the occupant the police force as an Incidental. It is to be hoped brass woik bad been removed from a part of the ea- side has held up to Its juvenile cfrcie toeir manners libs not left open way easy aflmls&ion. that ihls will be tl.e last effort of this paiticular styte gifie be also akiodueas,'we Ehall resist< I«a*arbehaldascenewliiohmademyheartrejoice Thegrievancesenumeratedareoftwokinds-tx- tifa itocereiy. Obt that 1 couid see the same spirit ietmg and threatened. The existing actual grievances of ooDCord on the only remaining question of 41Ser sieall violations of the Federal Constitution and Fed-With m> hrarttuU of kindness I beg you, my eral Laws either by Northern clUzens or Northern -CMada, to accompany me now to tiuit question. I do Slates. Now, what does good statesmanship, good . baltaea we can agree again. My solemn coarlcuon logic and common sense naturally suggest? Why,Jallptise dlller as little on tliis as we did on the other that ihe Federal Government shall eniorce its laws. |,ia every metenal viev. At last nearly all the No State can enforce or punl^h for tbe violation of a Wa Of the world in aU ages have been louaded Feoeral law. I'be power offended must adequatelypunl^btheoffender. Tbepuuisbmentmustt>esucbas to redress tbe past, and by certainty and terror se- are eqoaUy Iwnest and intelligent but rath and impel- cure the future. The Federal law is offendeJ.next mornlag wttnea* found that the;found sort of a dlrk-rtraped poskei-of fal&e which be econcmy. kniie,' n^oden appeal to the history of our fathers to urge Federal Goteinroent, and If that Government, forgiving an average line of guard of 1 SC6-10CO miles fur each man, subject to be lengthen-write,only, and 0,272 could neitoer read nor write1U' *JtaNag «»i colonial history the English Government Let toe Georgia Convention meet Let her not sim-Who shall give us a better, and how sliall;12,612toe pitsuner a few days before waH- cextteitified thathehadamatadaelo inoioukilon and husty resentment of wrongs. want of will or power, shall not grant the redres.", then I«t asttuaya<< that Uslory. Let me show you from tost Govemn.eut is a demonstrated failure. And tiaat Uston' an example of metUe and over-coiifidence when government ends, self defence begins. We can oa the one hand, aud of coolness and ?rladom on the then take ledress to our own way, and to our entirewere married, and 11,964 were single. One Is every upshall beAorihwett It was necessary to capture Fort Ou- Government Let her invite eill the States to join in iiinann He never thought of any difflcalties in the this demand. If no others will come to their dutysymptomsraaahur the campaign, assignedceedliigsrepealedwayorsaeeen., He ptomisod ^ewcasUe to be be- raid the inonstains in a very short period. DuquesneM;,074jdaclaicd the M-^l"** night frighten the raw Americaa IV**^ bat coowiuke no Impreasion on the British:;'xatolais. This waa Baunwoa.We have an tostance before us. A fresident made, Be content wito your humble rule. The people are mUes is in toe Eighth and Ninth Precincts, compris- The amountthat raw American militia wlw liad joined JtaAanaoK'a command was tne young WisHuroroa, .«i»«f aaly alwut twenty-three years old. He becameat the Instance of toe Norto. When, to 1K13, SouthCarolina was to a Federal law to toe refustog obeyexecuUon of which the Nortoem States had an toter-^MoCment, which you admire, and which we liave touughtwas a model, is unable to protect our own peoplefrom toe robber, toe thief, toe murderer aud the EtreeiR to New-York, and a Une of of stolen froma Force•MOfMASBoos't aids. Hearing his General's boasts, hands of a Soutoern President for enforcement, evenpresent guardfanatic ? 436 miles. The number of men to perform this duty, DUtrictfellow-citizens, before we settle down In such a after deducting the average daily sick of 8 3i-liXI men,conclusion, let us make toe effort and put this Gov- and toe tw o small which are in charge of toe The of squads reportMetropolitane.<>t. Congress passedul seeing "his tliotightless courage, WASHiaetox qui- w ito ibe army and navy, and miiiila, if needed.places mSCELLANKOITR., fr* stsU JU-ve more toiattilgfnto tohim, ** do (*ait (ogt Let us turn thisofshows a small amount money to go as errand, a^ theNortoern rebels. tmik* kUit «« emiu dawn." Speaking of BaanBooK Tbe constltationalily of toe act which South CarolinaOffice-Inspector Carpenterernment to toe test. Eighlh and Ninth Precmcts, of 20 men. numbers only vast amount of tocldental duty performed by toe force prisoner* assailed htm. and tried to get tbe mauoftoaBOtfaer, Waanaawasald, "He was incapable ofao^taifwiihaai warmth, or giving np any point hewas doubted. A Soutoern State never nulli-Anotheradvantagetobederivedfromsuccessis 142 one-halfofwhomareon ata inthe ofNew- wldch Iwsummed away.Attheraggestjonoftbejirnnnrntlngidjiei.Mo^asmsd, belt ever so incompatible with reason But here are the Nortoern Stotes, and people, nuiilfy-ginning. Debate its morality and justice as much as to a line of C 14-100 miles each. It .s to be:4I,3C043sickordisabled asspiasrtendt.s personsRefuge. Whereat tbey.acemaril TbeCourttiienadjournedtothismoinlnf,atelereBcc oosHaoa seuaa*"B~aaaseoK waseonsldered on all hands to]t)e a brave,lat, awd learles* oflieer.ce, then, are two men, both brave, noble, and in-toe constitutionallost children restored tooriactto 171^ and one to 1807, and perhapstoken toand restored to famishedwitoshelter.and.enngedtogethertoaccomplishacommon weare ourbreatoand ourFor at attempttB for the good of their country. The one ipSinah,thoogbtleas, never caiculailng difficulties, --; tooUig torwaid to and providing against ot>strue-arrangad Us express* and sent forward the 40f Ids vietory betorsband. Bnt tbe other was ^caieoiaHog. eantlous, wise and moderate. Hekasas wiio thouglit before he acted, aud then he I the hero.BsAnnoos was surprised before hespending wastidnigvisionstroefnogutro to vain boasting of wrato and hurtfulown people.Some of toe wisest Soutoern stotosmen think wehave laws already sufficient for this crisis, if enforced.rape—Augnet Stepbear. For burglary—Wliq^mHuiitjmtut resultsare we otherwise,of toe Law SundayLiquorFrmciireaadPelitles—Maw:n5!Ae4theFort HisBritishrcguiarsfled beforethewon't enforce toatlaw.Mr. HiU/—Then you oughtinastillprompt and impartial actionowing on2,476violationsreporteds SUPREME COURT—Cbahbxu.y^y^lprfjanwi f"!*** raw American miliua werefi«Sn by ihem. Biaddok Umcelf fought bravely, and ago.ourproduce.We could notgetand would not haveeverysimilar service*them aootlar time." Poor General, it was too late,qfvjkicL1,410personsmonth to eiee0anj>''neWeatutll better know liow to dealFor more than a cen- torr he has aiept near Fort Meceeslty, and his onlyaadsaid:withretel and agatost toat Stolesuffershimto tiepiotectodonbersoit \^ushave supposepreidvliaaffidavds lAilinHa: lihii n ifTT"forwiththatsentencehedied!what condition are we for warNo no forts,II violations of_ H»iiAitT"e5irPAST.history might be written for his epitaphbrave, bnt rash i gallant but thoaghtiess butbigoted. Befoughtliaatily, died early,and here he Ilea.wlto us from our to propose toe details of a plan by which all the im- notlung dividingThe reportsto New-York, and of Actieg Sergeant Boies, of:;ftspattered people,enemy but an ima^toary Une, and a long sea and gulf provement necessary can be produced. I hope to be'. and that Im,Eartaadim theSouth.*K>xloM Ue* I-know charaele£ed as itdtoolans. Icaa-nelMLnrouurUoaiii; the North, tbe Pio-SiaveryOrmi OF THi SnpxaiKTisiiBaT or- HarsoroLiTasacomprises descriptionive. Wheneverj''mm^mfmi''f'i^9m9mmmmmi'ti''''i'ii'!'9mmfF'^mi^^fSf^mw"pppmnpiiimPipiP^'f-,^.wmmmmcansa* oastHut wiiM'the Aatl-Slavery sdatlmeat has spread toluteifcrhn with your rights,iequal Ih every couvenl-toelysgyjPjmMww ud <Ud agree aU the time iu klve up eioihing and food. The South is a mag- ihake the Government compel toat indenmily. even towmMbr^MatitUch makes ncritU: and*lWtto» of Liaouu.Inspectors,S; Surgeons, S; Captains, 31ay '-wUl resUt theowner, require ber to todemnify the owner, andI860.The entire Police force of the District numbers 1,888 tbore in toe Seooad and eighth Prednot*. The latUr*»WEatdty caleailir *fWe dart not,andClerks,» efficiency.The third class In New-York has tolerably lairthatuse andher.universal obedience.Let tlie law be executedmTrials far Tlrkct>8wf«mac> TMreumrCOURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS.feeding(hehungry, clothingttte naked, her people.tut will be found to be too eonti acted for a force of Moadwill be continued, fart f/.—£ Is" -of the Christian excel- the seizure of toe highestmen. and embraces toe viz. following clastes,ConaoaTliai ftit Ir—Tbtwe surren- ger, I ; »o ter* 1^ raM»tloB •( tneia aggres Haay tosttncea could be given. In 1818, the Aboli- der its bleesiiigs because Massachusetts vioUtes the;ACQUITTAL OP UOIOICO VOS lillKTUirRST,saiisfaction.ply demand but command that this war for sUve yPATROLLIKO IN BROOKLY.N.In order to as near an presentapproachas to possibleand meet with us, let toe fifteen Southern Stotes join to tols demand, and let toe penalty of refusal, even to toe demand of one State, be toe abandonment of toeexample.There is not a people on earto who do not point tosecurity wldch Is provided, and the amount of protec- tion such a handful of men have afforded as those do-rests were females, 627 : males, 3,005 ;; total, or the3.632. publicthoaigiit wooU stop him only three or four days,fliere waa no ohatnuoon to bis maroh to Niagara He Union, and any other even narsher remedy each State United States. Shall we now say to all theseresistedfied,patrolmen, patrol City York, may uptoey pleaded guUtyjo assault and battery, aad amasent to the House ofgreatly grieved, and iMint into tear*.We have mrepelare sufficient let us have toem inforced.few monto is s<i apparent, that it do more than allude to it.isuseless formetoIB abandoned Infants cared for toe bypolice.For grand larceny—Peter Mnlver, Jr., Andrew0«»' 'tavelli, Antonio Louian, Leopold Gustovelii, J der DIzon.11 thegrievanceper- of Brooklyn, asBefor* JtuUae Hngebvom.George Grogan vs. John H. McCurm.— ^nii*battery againstnor refused to a constltouonal law. obey plamthat we shall thus end toe agitation of Slavery for- time, namely, 71 men. And Uiese, while protecting as foUowsever. Its agitationin politics was wrong from the be- the densely populated part of Brooklyn, are required 290 lost children sent to the Alms-house.tog and setattnodg at defiance to piatoeat toereof piovlsions laws passed pursuancetostead of demandtog of the Federal Government toe enforcement of its laws for the protection of our rights,you please, it will stand toe argument But don't drag it downtoto a party political issue. Show metoe man who agitates Slavery as a political party question, and 1 will show you toe true enemy of Slav- ery and tlie Union. I care not whetoer he lives Norto or South. The safety and peace of the slave- holder and the Union demand that tills agitotion should no longer be allowed.But, to toe ;second place, if we fail, we cannot be damaged, but great benefits will be secured by toe eflort.guartdoe autoorilies oftoat citywill maxe lioped properprovisions for a suitable increase of toe force toere,iicfore it may be made necessary by a more imperious demand.PISCIPLINI Op tbk FORCK.The Improvement In the discipUne and personal de- pdrtment of tlie members of the force wlthto the lastguardians.oatuhders, to etxoevcaustieonst.he Itfowtso,ese asnudpproetshser euaclmentsAltooughtoalargedegree,thisis duetotoeefforts of toe capable officer who discharges so satisfactorily11,828destltateFor James robbery—Hewas ^l^i»be-AGaUforTOMataatt. nub'e,M ha^e them suiBcleot It is our right We are entitledThewas premeditoted and intendedfenoant, had applied for a postponement which thereport of piatolUT Insisted on going on, as he would not under not, toeir supervision acted on, consisting overflowtog any circumstances have toe case tried before electien.and abandoned by theachieved our Independence, has shownsynipalhles, and as the sufficient evidence of all suc- ment of the opened and regulated streets is presented between 30 and 40 years 2,329 were between 40 andbill,and it to the putto insurrectionsto have dissolredhas been menofourowu by Letif peaceable, we have no ships to take offtofor action. Folk reportslongand ke was bora* frvm the field of bis shame leaving choosing, why have we not complaMirn.edBubecfooarkea!n. A ceded. VVc have no treaties, commercial or other surate to each offence.District-Attorney OfficeLet us begto withm«ia than half his Utile army dead, and himself sense- usbegtonow. a is wise, with any other power. \Vc have no postal sys- heartily conpratuli.tefollows:-Uthelairsaaaiexislias axe not aafileleatuseoast, extending from toe Potomac to Galveston Bay, if ail should secede. In what condition are we to meet the toousand ills that would beset us, andable to produce them in toe next Itegular Report. TheSany hereTWth presented, eihioii much of toe irooklyn,\and,o'clock, when toe lollowtog cases will be taken op CALDDAB.J^wl??'^?^ €imt0^vjp*%,«iaIwillfranUf>«MethatthisMroMon||Ea|a<h "****therein, 'rouarooiimake•uchdemaadsof1-AW RMPO O—wCmMrm^mt^-Wmnnm?^!I5d.ea^kb"a.sPSJ "•:*** 1 ''' beent-MMa&ir nlae StatiaB- '•ar«<w»^«t maybe re- fis.: ihiMFirstandThirdBI^TntMi;property of toe offending Stole, and bleating them that corse her, and doing good to tbem One such rigid enforcement of toe Uw will securenlnreut rxemplificatlon:oneis fortoeforcenowquarteredla sufilclently largeAbolitionism has declined. Union a J Union? If gooso, shouUl why'tion caodldsle for the Presidency received about SKI,-laws of toat Union. Punish toe guiUy. Drive Massa-PATROJL rOBCS.The reports herewith submltled from toe Office In-irintna.Court, yeateiday, before Jxtige!• ItalMAtartuieM. I do not think^ TkWtTI ttlBaaarc repeatederery ab<iuth*lfihst vote, and a fugitive slave could be re- abandon ihe Government when it shall toke sides withIn thistetfear vtolaliaa of me Con-OOti voles. At the end of Mr. Fiu.iioax's Admloistra-'Otlmdap kMllreadr l>een vlulated liop, to 184'.;, the candidate of that party received benefits. Make toe General Government do tols, and'r- We muM.rMial,aad koc lo atlenipc lo resist and Ci veied slmost without opposition to any N»rthern the crimlnaL It would be a to fanaticism, cities respectively. By which It will be seen trophyto recommend todicted for misdemeaaer that tliem. One is lo u building where a are sngtoe-bousethe TtatniilMiMfrom other places, has met wito general approval, so thickest of the fight Horse after horse fell from un- to a forte bill lor eveiy clause to toe Constitution one of which can be avoided by taking time. e"vWerey far as opportunity has permitted mc to asccrtato the;ht"*- The bullets of the lodtaas whtsUed aroundnecessary to our rights. What have our steiesmcufcMuu alter tnat toese laws are not sufficient? Some have more to do than to go up the bills and co.iieviews of in cbewhere. lam persons authoiityderIdm and through his clothes1dm. EyennBfJndliui«jl*«i»»»<l-««oBhim. JBo oooLso brave, so wise and thougatful wastl)e«<x>diicto4 tills young officer, before, duriug, anJ asleep, or lost and iorgetfui i.i wrangling aboutafter the battle, that even a dittingiiishert man ; points Sla\ei) ? Let us bcgto now. We can yet Have ail pWrepacrantihoansve agoto the glory of the end, or cut short in the phnnxy of anarchy, snail wind up the blsiory of Waaataecoa. Beiioid here the sudden destrucUou of the rash man and Ills followers, and the still unfoUiug snceese of tiie cool and ttuughtfal man, and torn letus go to work and nseet till* crisis that is upon us. Thaogh there are various modifications of opinions, there are really twt two modes of resistance proposed. Oae arathod Is to make no farther effort in tue u u ion, hot to aasona tl«at the Union either cannot or oig<ii not to be preserved, and secede at once ani (brow omaalTCai^ontheconsequences. TheothermeihoiA Voice—How long will you wait?vent Let us have a fair trial.Keep cool aud keephowever, rematos to be done to bring tiiis branch up 590 tenement-houses. The inspection of toese to toety, perpetaated— Mr. HrLL UntUIf we cannot save ourhonor, to toe Union, we shall join you and save toemFirst and Fourth Wards was made only for ascertato- ing the means of escape to case of fire, ventilation,theHalOO, with the view of preserving our rlijbu and tlM Vnioaiwlth them, if possioie. looking, bowever, to, and piepartng for secession as an ultimate resort, cer- Utaif to lie Imd, If those grieviuices cannot be reme- died, aad completely remedied and ended, in the Uaiaa.those laws at tbe hand of Mr. Lincoln, If we cannot test 11 before. "Ine North demanded of a Southern President the execution of toe law against a Southerbget ready.prepareoccupied averagettatthisAan-Slavetymember to Congress but who was afraid to demandAnd toe glorious, result at last might be toatplatotlSs.is It from toe papera drawn the Salt Company, forjbut ProviJen^e spuuJ <»*1 ofoteoteJof iLesc nullifying grievances have existed smce 1843, and is It pos^iole that our statesmen! have been alldown." Secession is no holiday work.Wldle we are to redress our wrongs to thehowever, prepared to present toe re?ults of sundrysinks, ceilars, areas, Ac, unsafe filthy houses, yards,ji[im out as a youth raised up by Providence for some needed laws under Mr. Bdcbanan. We have ail toeml^ work.'' Who does not know the history of Departments ot Government. It is three months from forWaaanaNHt yetwhocantellitf Ourgloriousre- IhenjeetingofCongresstotoeItbofMarcb. Letus separatiwoenfall toof someandwould not consentredressinTolutiOB, that wise QonstituUon, ttds happy, wiJe- begu. now and peilect our laws for the enrorccmeut Agafiani,lure will unite the of our State, 1'he The ready acquiescence of toe Board to the sugges-epreiadand ever spreading country—struggliug mil- of every constitutional right, and against ever}- rebel very real of differepnecoeplneow is, some of usItMW fired on by tiie example of his success, are some enemy. Let the Convenilon add to toe contingencies othnilnyk we gcraonund redress to toe and others get Union,tions offered mlast report, for increasiug the tlEciencyof the ciiapters already written in that history. Loug of ol.-rupiiou to the Georgia Platform. Let the re- tfaiiik we cannot Let toose of us whoprovement to this branch of the service, so soon as tbe new boats are ready for use, and the other contem- plated changes ore introduced. In advance, much hasis reported,to which toeyfor cellars.John U. McCunn lor motion, Mr. Barrett of^ceed.chanters of yet uoreailzeo glory and power and hap-lustfl to enforce toe laws granted for our protection ana de:ence be one contmgency, and toe refusal to graut tbe laws needed for that protection and defence ne anotoer conttogeLCy.for tnepurposeapplied.shall be endlestly added, if tne wisdom of biio Who redeemed our country can be continued to tnose wlu> inherit it The last hour of consutuUonal liuer-make that effort which has never been and if inarle,we fail, toen we are ready to joto you. If you will hot help us make that effort, at least do not try to pre-are locatedpinessbeen done to Induce activity and useftij|^ess to toe desired standard of Ulliity.In but four Wards, viz.:First Ward, 253Foorto ;Conrt.THB LUTHCBAN CHITBCH IK LTTCK.—pletaha, 1 BMlnta&l a point of complete recoaclUaiioii prociamalio—ii '!of toe A farm of fiitynlne acres, located at Fort WasUof-24,648 ventilation is bad in 324 houses havtog 12,192 popula-""^;Should either of Uie above bequests failmis-bnoeaeilabto as these dlfierences at first view seem:having population ton. to the Twentlcih Ward, is given to nis two soas,^"^Yaaehsd.^ lat Us took to the reasons urged by the ailvo-I two modes of redress.I (rftbe Ibat mode declare that theses&ultsof an original. Innate Auti- n. That tbe lilstory of the worldStalesnottogtoe population of 20,518 souls;toeorries or devisees, then toe amount tothelastabove-namedSociety. Tberesldneofaawintffrwthatsuchfanaticismis neverconvinced—Mr. Uiu.—Very well. If we are afraid of toe Wide-that for 7.229 persons,is never satisfied, never reasons, and never ends but in vli^oty or blood. That accordingly this fanaticism in the Northern States has been constantly progressing, always getting stronger and more iinpu lent defiiint and ttiat it wUl never cease exceptindividualand 300 cubic feet each between 3fi0 and 400 feet each_aad agpesatve 'tution of our fatoers, and wemake w ar upon toat Constitution and against toose;~r fotytintion, unless we tear loose from it byfear no Let us enemy.Butthe be and attempt might made,on toe The of space each person isapplication of toe Commissioners of Emigra- each. average quantity Company, et ot—Tills action Is brought upon twothe Union. These advocates say they ~^lInanyresistancein theUnion,because|ef the evil, none can be effectual. ^ialegof Ibe second mode of resistancce, IftWhnably one, reason after another fash- FeMT, In thelrst place, that while it is true sentiment has become finaiicaion to to sundryRichsaond 13. County,Of this number, after excepting those held under toerequisition of Public Officers, toe re does not apj-ear lo families, hereafter to be erected,be any which should remain unrcvokcil. it does not isting buildings unprotected. Tills may be a remedy that the plaintiffs had accepted tnree drafts of *lu,snwift many, yet it is not necessarily so in Its nature, the laws for tbe enforcement of toese constitutionalnor was It so in its origin. Slavery has always ex- isted in some form. It is an original institution. Be- aide*, we *ay that the agitation now upon us did nothas no to toe old appear to me that there ever coui.l ha', e tiU-tril any for toe new, but applicationones, each,Ououdagaa couimi-sionof one hali per centthe delendants. Tumo accept-at the same rate. toey became payableoriginate cvmdity.in fouatlcism, orphllantlirophy,but inwas once secured to us, toe world would furnish our navies and ourcommunity to themanner toatmayseem best for itstaa the secooC 12th ofanMdartcohe,n i18h5e8,defendants paid off the whole anmEngland owned the West Indies, and there she hadficsae slaves. She had in East India wbich possessionscxisttoags bhuuilmdainnigtsy and toe commontime, a balance still due frosa due $ii 073 48, leavingsite believed -were ottie of adupted growtn cotton,and^ ^ble, it is time It was recalled and toe reipiiar forcerequire.of law should be made to extend to build-toernof$i.M2 15.For a further fortieaiaoca, it lawhich article of pioduce she desired toThe Boutliem States were her only dangerous com-reasonable time,the defendants toen agreed to tha alleired that pay-—als*a. Xagiaad, tnerefore, must manrise u, mi haeand of^ our- selves. We shall have done our duty to history, toSpecial RefKirt on this .subject atOfa.tlie1 not use her own s -li or climate m the suc- opinions of mankmd requires us to declare the causes experimentofself-government. Weshalliiavealso iNPrECToa.-!-beof heaven in new as well as oldsupply buUmngs,She desired to cripple or Dreak Uowii thedone to a sufficient preserveof toe free afr of a comn,isslon still charged upon the diafta^ partlytheiiavaaiid turn tlte South over to some la^iiriuitesecuredtoateitoertatheUnionoroutofItwhichiseverywhere of approach to uniformity m the manner*^tation-hr.u.'eresult of toeir laborswhich the Staticn-hoascs generally appear, is due to their attention and watchfulnct,.;of which '2,021 of theaoBS of tUte philanthropy to our Northern pulpiu and Northern papers, and thus to our Northern people.Their monthly report, for the three montlis of toe promptly apply toe remedy.saw in this tn- flammablesubjectfinematerialforpoUtlcalaglta.lon. patty snocea* and self-promotion. They leaped uponJbtheBUtorofthe Nno-York TimesHBTS. SUPREMECOURT—CisixALTiaa.AtthistimetheNorthernpoliticiansdtmandredressattoel,and,«ofourcSverniBent:.J.the ware and rode on. The Sauthem politiciws our seeku.g, but m jated tlie counter cry, leaped on tbe counter wave lei us meet ittoreaders a fewImportant,21,911 durtog number that haveaadmettheNorthern politicians—mlesoit b whirt we now see. The suojdct is iolerinina- trie laws andandmake LiNcotH enforce thehouses tthoeywhicrhequired areperofbolrlms,ed to rendezvous toeytheef apfHcation af UimrfWr-offi:e. As long as the people answered the politicians called, and tbeI believe we can fifteenbavtogConstiuiiion and visited the Lodgtog-house,i—ble to politics, because utterly lllegltimile as a podti-,1his oath, and shake them In the frtildtnt, and demand toeir observanceficeregardpractice has been filedcal inue. Thus It has never approactied, but receded yliocrccnient. he jand en- ment of toeir worthy Superiatondent ^'"'Jf^^'^ cilityand ac- patrol dutygetting that did occur, were ofthoselarge causedbycharge of ^from a political solution, and increasing in excite-meataslt has progressfd, all statesmanship Northmni South is dwarfed to a mere wrangling ab«iut Afrl- the Pr<,^n !'"*«';for the use of toe men offIcavBlavery. Slavery will survive, but the Constit.1-llev, the Union, aud peace may not Tbe Soutncrn i> Itit will be aoutside cfrcumstances,Bta"fl*aastrike teriSr to toe plainly showed toe necessity of a bato. Manycome. Why, to the instltutton to tlds condition, and when term,thing* propertyDuringmanopoUze.policytoegoodopinionofall mankindsoon sj* I am able toalready in existence,itonghse specified. And at toe same time let something plaintiffs tne sum of *-lM, which sum wa* made ayim will conUnue to raise cotton, but the hoping hearts of^m^ThereportoftoePropertypresentsasatis- UniversityofNew-York.)foradmisstontopjacwnta of tyranny in the earth may not continue to to tile tieauiifui success of the experiment ofBTiunent in America.llJrrfi.Un^Lof toelal .S,rt^m?"^*^"''!•. '"^ ^^^° power outside and dressed look like new creatores. Oftentimes toe every indtuocement shonid lbiaebihtselodf oeuietatnoiteonecsso.uraAgle- 399 have been restored to vwnera;toe value of which,special recent acts of toe Legisiataiehas been procured from toe Court of Appeals.tbeatorm which Ijagland raised in Americafor the destitute, and cast-off clothing would be very'The sale of unclaimed pioperty, under toe e8to sec-Older of this Court, mate a return to the CnaitofmiUtons of her people can'tThe Eogiish throne can't siand teollon 1:: denicrt us.live without it.without it It must come from the Southern States. I nm alsoas heard last yonLodging-house is No. 128 Thirteenth. Fifleento. Stxteento. oireoiBa friends of the friendless are alwavs cordially welcome. Ninth, Nlnetecnto andTwentieto PrSecvteontcetesn—th,e been totrodaced, which must result to advantoge to tional, reversed the orders of this Court, andIt cant be ralKd in tiie South without slave labor.eomBUinity.toe Court to admityoung gentlemenw.«« j«-_Istrengtb of this crisis is onaHwMiIeiigitily in dlmeu.sions to furnish fa- every'hanging,agatost OUoHasa,ayoungsterappliedforlodgings,•">vechosenhimtotrampleupon clotheswereaUtottered,andwhoseappearance andlodging-arsootomsbema fromttiat''Itoe as of tols (3oart -unoee Attoraeya and Counselors,we offend this sovcreian onlyof tiic republicantlmse to New-York thatmayberegardedofthis,manner In which tbe badness oitoe office is at present noflre' to toe Attorney Geneeal, or any otoer person,,R«defective Inliavtogcells aadlodg-is tried and Ixito tl^e demands enumerated may be tested and toe con- tUigt ncies may transpire before toe 4to of Marcb nexu 11 uiey do not, if a larger time shall be needed, Mr. Lmcois cannot do us damage. As you heard last he cannot even form his Cabinet unless he makewhich toishave been better selected, bui iting a higher state of personal discipline tt^an it has yet attained.Margaret dkaebrougk.tbeof tbe force iscould capalile of receiv-offollowing charitable bequestsTo toe St James Church, in Fifieeato-street oflaws, and we will be afraid of everynoise to toe1; Public School No. 36, New-York, 1 ;notes,of Great Britain and of toe Uni- Co., to recover toe sum of $0,000, vrito mterestbufhes.he is is afraid rlgntship, boto by the laws tedStates.fromofis afraid ofana he who feels and knows he is wrong;March 1858, Ihe notes been made by too 12, Imvtogrights.And tois is true;but whose fault Is toat ?But toe Soutoern States alone, wito the territorynatorally falltog into our hands, would form toe. good policy for toe issue of tne mlscelianeous class, and so long as cupidity permitted, unrestratoed,by which acceptancesHe who feels and know*applicationejugranttosundryindividuals atitslastsessionprovi-dJedJ.tVhat. Salt and,itis indorsedexperimentportionfor,nalnotnight,It acce.-.table to a Licmocratic Senate. Andther and say that Le cannot even get his salary—not apastor, $5,000.cimeIIIpay for his breakfast—witoout toe consent of22,859,popula- souls, to order thatoaTo toe Home Mission of toe same Society, $2,0*3.CoiiErcES.rsor would I h%ve the Southern States, nor evenyou.istowzhaust certain remedies for those grievances la Georgia, to hesitate to demand tne enforcement of and Let us work for toe bept, andTo toeTo the Trus ees of the Parent Home Mission So-Now let the Soutn compel a Northern fre^ie-cni to execute the laws against a Nortoern peo-) ea, toe very rebels that elected hi u.A \ cjicE—Do you believe Lucoui would issue hisconquerpresentsfollowingtenement houses, with a population will,Stale in lb33.;rnANGEOP KKUREP..>^.Mr. tiiLL We can makeduringthethesanitaryconditionis badin588houseshav-popula-Exact measurements were made of the apartmentsit is between 200 iamily.lilm do it It is ids oato. He will be a traitor to refuse, and we stiall have toetionfromto laKc in any of toe beaeficfa-He would be on soutoern territory, and for hi* life he dare not re-'^dismissed— captain,nomer,incapacity so reierved is toto hang him. fuse.He dare not refus >.doormenlight;13 patrolmen, IA Voicx—TheWide-Awakes will be there.t1 sergeants,; and 7$s(0,OCO, ber of cubic feet of air-space is less than 200 for each great many mffeientAwakes, bauand secede we togetoer,The whole number of outstanding missions for speiusi appointment is 217, of which toere have bee.ifor 8,.«17 persons, it istoat. SuitonPrsmiaeoryWetee DefenceDsnrr*we better surrender witooat fiirtoer de-;The Wide- Awakes will be toere if webate. secede,Sontocm Stotes get readyshall be allowed to do so peaceably. Certainly, it is;are to be dreaded, our only remedy is to;ana iflade. No,myfriends,Arm us witn the laws of our country and the Consti-to The Govern- go peaceably any way.toeythatwe are not afraid ofit is700 fee' eachand that,uotoing,We were told, toe otoer night, by a gentleman urg-My and NortowestemWestern individualstoeverything.Stole,all bnt toe New-England States, would go;County, 9; to sundry iiiulviduai^ inThe Legislature fire-proof escapes shouldOnondaga Company, aJeged,ing Immediate sece8^1on, tiiat we had never liadaperhapswito us.we should hold toe Government wito all Its power, and thrust off only tliose who have been faitlile&s to It.Intended for more toan eight tion with dwellings but has left toe ex-to tbeThe deieucr usury. appearsi go fur-German Lutheran Sodstyof Evangelicalanybody.Central Park, 104to persons w ho were under toe;Bvlvru jB5U*e l.«ouu,l.Snanie upon us toat we have been afraid to demandrightsmtoistered to ttiis hour by men of our own choice,and yettorist on our courage to sustato us to secedingirum that Government in defianoe of Its power. No, armv, witoout toe expense to us of a fliip or a we have a light to go out, but let us know we iiu«t soldier.exercise that right before we go, and how can we Finally, my friends, we shall have secured by toisknow it unless we ask first.is to of the lives and health of toe members of toea monih wasances wire renewedour at the bands of our own Government, ad-greatest governmentthen on eartli. The world must lint it, at any time it did e.ust the occasion for this di.^posepaid byBatonshall a&k us itlikethecoolie^y^iLin. drttsoit^l0^egrifvancesintoeUniontieforewewentimaeantry systoot something out shall we no. To this end England raised a great cry of puiian- bang our he ads and saywere of abated by owners, under tlie orderadismissalofthe 1 he case is still on.Acan have lioriKtitH woriliv to bo respected. Our fatoers deiaandeu, yes. |inii.iipcd, and warned and conjured, tlg.t(her Southern neighbor. She laugnt her les- anduoiunuittie liovcnimeni was deaf to tbe voice thLe ^^,^ J"",, c ""»"=>" 'lunity, did thev acquiesce to neccfsiiy of their separation. It 1^ not toe eow- S^^^^i'.'S"' ''"LI"", '"""'"= of ""Jht and duty toto us tlian Union, and more to be desired any —keepingnuisancesgroundcomplaintthraaby to behalf of tiie poor negro.alaMOty >he abolished Slavery in tbe West indies, neai OS. thlaklnK thereby tu affect tbe same Ln^tUa-respectrights,and the improved condition inabated by toe Department 'Tills speaks well for own- ers in Bfooitlyn, and shows that. In general, they only require te have toe proper complatot made, when toeyLaroque and Barlow, for plalntUft Alexander and Gieen, for defendants.Cummlnga*As a show of w lio tie afraid to oemand for toeirpeopledearertoan all Constitutions, however venerated that which is toe end of all ourefl'orts, and toe desire of ail our hearts, our equality as Stotes, our rights as citi- xens, and oiu^honor as men.books,1confess1»manxious Covernment now tested.Willa recent visitor to theSTATIOSBOUSIS.no less for toe general health of toereceivedatorsentfromtheCentralOflSoealone,fnri»Ih!^? ?'^'''''"f 'h« law.exceptto en-Superintendent Is unable to provide suitable apparelcollect their old clothes and send them to togetoer,toe Newsboys' home, so that toese poor lads may lie protected from the inclemency of toe condng Winter.toe men matotaintogthough to soIme extentto bjeust such etdoifice* thatre beenas given the elatananta, amoonts to $55,922 81. byIt seems of this wltooot any toat the Cterk Courtof which you In- Independence,apply to lhe?e appolnloes a suitable teat for specialThe Declarationvaflo~a of the cotton plant lii ttie ^ioutb. Tbe voke for an example, says a decent respect to the our children, and to constitutional liberty,to .-.ce tbepermitsages amotmte toThe spite of ourwords to a few leisure moments to spare, the writerIt ismembers of toe force than for toe efficiency of toetoe quarter passed;Southern States will take toatand was much pleased face of wlto its wotktogs under the able manage-should be sufficiently amplelocated,between toe CentralJittomeyscannotrefuse. Bettermakehtmwitosuchsletringapartmentsa reversal of toe or-toe ap- afailwicastluodneantofColumbia tbelatterofttn Csaege,an^lni.jesty "entowhose tweentours.Theyeang gentlemen,do It magnificent vindlca-toe commodations as w ould enableSirBBXtuin, ders madeJ.—It aeema that"5? *K^le°ss wtrdppower towardsaeoBfedaratoBfatetQnrteriyBeMM•fBareriBMaAiMKa^ edy.of fa'rledceldnct* ;i Wt- aM>aad But to-my opinion tbe wiwst toe mjst naturalnotUnion,necesf^arynecaensdsary. factory inaiinperopmerwnich this branch of Ihe force has underand 3,721 by toe owners,There were 1,048 sum latoer than have toepared, readynecessitytested by hydrostatic pressure,stiltequality,Willwas toe widow of Andronicn* Cheset^rough,The will was now admitted to probate, making theoutofit — A Voiceto general ofand the poUey,surest way to vtodicate our honor| Poucx,Nxw-Yo*x, Thursday, Nov. I, IHCO. (oladuti-houre to possess; where ttaey have been alon on Wadneeday.have been ereetod on toosentiment has alsoU.> bed in America. In our early history the South- and self-respect is to demand the uncendiUonai ob- To the HonoroNe the Loardstreng- remedv,»«fc-wm be U aar CnaoR.—Part i—m^ ^.isn, ishC^SSl Sr P«rt ii.-N<«. I678.jas«, 17U.U0CuM^uaa!Saem statcsn.en weie AutiSiavery to leeling. So wereWiaansTos, jsrnasoa, Mabisou, RAsnoLra, andirany of ibatday. who bad never studied the argument saiy, caU out for Uds purpoie the wtiola power of theof tbe cotton sin, nor lieard the eloquent productioas Cover, meot even to war on the rebellious Stale.of tbe Great Mississippi Valley. Now our people not And when a Male shaU aUow a fuglUve to be rescued ly Report " of the stote of toe only fee the justice olSIaTefy, hot its ProvUence toe.The world can never give up Slavery until it is readyservance oi the ConstitutionAvraaaa Cenr—ISM, lati, isai. law, imt,Stole and peo- ple, and to enforce tbatdemano. And if it be neces-to ber Juiisdicfion, and carried beyond toe reach oftoe SUtute, 1 respectfully sabmit my Second Quarter- Metropolitan PuUceFourteento and Pre- Tweoty-thlrdnum.^^Property We say sgain that even tiie history of the Slavery the lieavens fall, for there can be no Goveroment Sergeants, 144ac- but are most toconveniently located. J^HJgHWgW °"»»t *»!» cot exisuig grtevances, asitatioo in tills country does not justify the very con- witoout law, and lav* is but sand, if not,enforced. If duty, 1,223; Policemen on detolled' precincts and There are but two uf tois class to New-Y»rk. to the>l>-W»«rim» iiaaa wtthoiit a ttttlemtnt.oet-pi'cfaliypersecutetooughneedbe, letthe Suteconttoulog to reoeilloa againsttte ConsUtulion be driven from Union. Is this toe'-_,^MMnsa.toouroonnlrr, tooarpeace,tooarpoeieritr;Roundsmen, 58Policemenon patrol,.^SSjMKHMBeBtd doaa. Weowe S toourCon-;commodations,Tenth and Eieveulb Precincts, aud are situated In theclusion that AboUtiooIsm has been always progress-squads, 242sentiment in baa con- politics;special duly, 91 'America, and sigh for a Government like that of theNo.And for offences toe agatostwe canseekifnogrward all go makinginterviews,subjectbaubialtdeidngs, t&oce.,by department,have our productsand after peacecontinuance hasrassc<lThe utility of the Metropolitan Police is ertablished,youus, not of above Instltation give yourby everymietionere;iarioUtliic Il0,t9 .«&a<toaly<--«ew le Ike tallezteot of the Stale. Even the act of Mas>achusetts nullify lug tbe above all ber insolence, to drive toe dutiful out of the while toe Patrol Force in Brooklyn rematos toe same takes up a portion of toe first story a Civil Court gulatliigaie^ale«r|ia*KiigartldMB.itfltmf fticra-b< to bii^ ihaa* •> oaiaelTei, ana otir Fuettlve Slave law in 17(13. had not been applied toUnion wlto impunity on its part Let us defend toe;was Rev. Mr.Snin*, whS'had eiMn atthepiellmiaa-;ae our self-respect can permitBut what remedies to the Union do we propose Tstatesmen. Their faces and their forms tiave. been gregate of 424the wood bothieM enklncllng- ; the i«m ehis ef ihewill answer':men. This number is liable to toe same ratio of How shall triumph of law over toe fell spirtt of mobocracy never duction exhibited to last report During toe quarter,lodgers, dormitories toe officers in charge, all on one floor.Slop,may totok her lights and honor required. y ou are mistaken. Our reputation is not deserved. piers in Brooklyn. About one half of that number of total, 20,944.In toe first place, we shall have time to getA Voici—The Presidents we have already had for secession, if we secede now, to what coudition well as hispoefrsons CorporationShay. For arson—James Welsh.ready ? Our secession will neitoer be peaceable norOrdinances were re- du, ported to the proper authority for action.to out If it should become government system perfect, pre-the orders of the steam-boilers exammed,gone into before elec-for tbe when toe emergencyshall come.ptrloi'medits duty during the quarter justtcrmtoated. IIAKBOI:POLICE. suchplatotlfl^s affidavite,if getthe Union, thatunder the order of the department, promptlyowners. 'The also 197 'The default was opened upon payment of costs aftended to by the toe conditiosnqoufad taolslpoefctwedUch toe circuit subeequent co^ts. and costs of the prasHt of the Harbor force, enables me to promise a great Im- slaughter-htoousbesu,nsuited in locationeanrldyconstruction, moU<'n. The action i^ a contract tlie flslnHlf rlilmWhen you failUnion, if TOu refuse to go with us then, what will you do?conduct in toat connection. I/, when we come to joinmembers of the force in the City of New-York, re-mains unchanged. The .Autotnnal sea.'iKin hashad noperceptible effect upon toem. But Vie same cannot besaid ol toose m toe City of Brooklyn. On referenceto Tables A 2 and IJ 2, it will be seen toat while, on anaverage, each man has been sick I 512-1300 days in thus shows an of about 270 cubic Synod of toe United Slated Lutheran Church, $2,0ii0.you, you getstubborn and refuse totoen we shallgo,to which should be added toe cellar"witoout Now, myin ail sorts oftion, buildmgs, 2,120for toe mtolstrv$2,1,goyour zeal and patriotism, but simply let us take timesecession friends, 1 have all confidence init be seen at a sdance how maylivingParent Educational of the General SocietyBut let all toe Southern Statesbyeven a few.and go together, and no eartliiy power ormolest own Is toatget ready could interfereotsundry individuals in City of Brooklyn. 15:away.snd whenever a Special Commiscion remains servicn- outwill remato with-opinion.:peace,males, 13,821females, 7,123;still have faith*Theie were ing $1,700 fbr excavatingand and rights,^The teetatrlzeveryand toe Middle Stotes, andKings County, 5 to WcstchcrterNewe-Bay»> Iiedglac-Beaae.telegraph department of mess- amountofvaluableaid. Thewholenumbersence,the number on at a time did not patrol duty;upbe had seentoe duties of Instructor teachtog,;who, byproper espritcorps ; yet,toose of Ihe Government from which we had just se- complatot, ana the certatoly of an inlUction commen- formed Instpheectofrorce to toeI toe Board on toe diminished A/ier the lapse of a day he few days ago. vid perhaps now, fugitive standing our own Nor are we to number of'complainis; while I ft*el satisfied toeir de-was an made the the Judge elect, lo have a default opened, which wasImndred dctUar* aboatnlesa»llhaau«taiwoiind. in a Nortoern to temamong people. preparedtakento cliargerestored lodgersprotected by a Nortoern mob, State,»•« ««« to faliiiaeif, and his first exclamation was dehance of toe Uidted States Marshal. Let us demand meet any one of thehundredinconveniences tliatcrease has not btin produced by collusion or negli- gence.I)i;teciitz Fom e.1 am confjmcd in the views expressed in last re-t2,562 others.:"Whowouldhavethoughtit?" Againheroused upmustnow toat Mr. Bcchanam enforce toe law agamst that follow,which or time. proieci3 him, Butcan be OLoLdedour secession be not peaceable. Infurnished wito shelter. 12» vioiaUons of the Sunday Liquor Law.taken several against him farand allby takingdestitute46 violations of toe Excise Law.a rlts tenfing lo showvtbKatttherdefoolt'or tts;port, relative to the manner in vvliinh the DetectiveiUay ofussay we no arsenals, no arms but bird guns for low trees. Vet r'ori-e should be oriei'ate.l. But I i'.m not yet prepared - . . .r outIMariiuyandaavy,aadiftheyarenocMAeieBt navy,OipqratlmOidlguice's.plan of interchangingthis class of officers for officershereafter to be tocressed, derivable from toe;o/ MetrofolUan Police Com-oughtbuUi for toe purpose, tbcyplacethe manner to which tiie force is to 1 be two of ibU class to Brooklyn, tliose In toe Foartoas at last<meareenalalBti,anddlrcovered foapplieduntilIBM,aftertbeagtuifonhadbeenre- sideswithtoeenemv,andtimnletu*defendourselves slightlyincreasedbyareductionluthecorresponding CourtandFireCompanywerebototovacatetoe annexedtohi*wrtuea.oomfiaintatapriceabe««elaMof Mc* other are anfiiandrd, ^ tA^ dl»paica on tttopoiat had their origin ,,-r^^x,-t coDcluatitsa and ihooghtleaa mistake*, let us^"liHrMehoonrigetf charity and tail>earance adrance to the next step in this argomentftatalnunignnt^ this reaisiaiicer Who shall -'-llheBsda,tkemeuueautlhe timeoftidation lor such a force as is iiatliat Precincttoefr real value, in the •uength tff tUs eompiatib toe Grand ^ury feed foimd the jntmt btU. JiiSaHa toe atandiiow, Mr. BhawewoA flMwfeM'ktMSwSmetourM far tiekeu, tha^tlBpaex.had that ha npUedtbe new Fugitive Slave law of I8S0, andagainst lis enemies, untii that Union shall tokepoliry. 1 irrtlet us consider its benefits if we succeed and then its benefits if we faU.;men, and the entire Patrol Force of tlieThcoiherls badly iccatredqutiorethe of a store very upper partBrooklyn, exhibit In detaildisposed of toose and Sevemb Precincts,toe first case called wa* that of D. Henrymen, that in New-York has beenall of the second toe at- story, leaving171number of men heretofore employed on special and detailed duty, toe present Patrol Force being 1,032nearlyIf we succeed we shall have brought about a; for in surpassed in toe world's history, and toe reward of I hare endeavored to tocrease toe mato body of tlie In New-Yoik U.ey are located In the Third, Seventh. oner tbeu went aMBut suppote our ressontog all wrongwe be convinced T Only by the experimentthe uainre of the cste, noiliing but a trial can test the toat triumph will be toe glorious vtodication of our force, by dispenstog with as ajuch of toe detail service!Of toe fourth class 1 scarcely know bow to-;>.<'»».—i«/<a= The taaple, through their Delegate virtue of the remodies proposed Let us try these equaliiy and honor, aud at toe same time toe estab- as could beCMiTtBtion dulT awembled. remeoles, and it w e fail, this laliure wiU establish the lishment of toe Union to its intogrity forever. And I spared, but it only amounted to 42 men. AmodHiion of toe fslihful servant of the public, as well as for the tmfortunate stranger and tbe arrested crlmioal, that the Commli^sloners should not heslta'e, to the ca^es where buildings of a suitable character are not in progress, to exerr.lse the autbo-lty toe law clothes Ihein with, and at once provide such suitable places for Station houses to toese several Precincts as toe service requlies.wOHnzr for me new to urge this point iiuih of the positions of tlie advocates of immediate tell you, my friends,we owe it to ourhijtury,ourselve9, few more may yet be added to this numberI »• IMve liaai dispate* without aiSerences. f vjM—> t»?pl>»snre ef auuoonctng to-night that Uie itieadeteof all shades or oplnionon this ttti)- I lefsther tliis day and agreed that it was the t'gad pnthcga at the oeopfe la UonTentton to ^^Mf«B theae questioos. On this point we hare dis-secession, and tee shall all join in that remedy,Fer let it be understood we are ail agreed ttiat these grievances shall be resisted—shall be remedied, mosteffictualyremedied—andif this cannot be done to tlie Union, then the Un:on most go. And we must not let this crisis pass without forever solving this doubtaud our posterity, yea, to constitutional liberty Itself, to make this trial. Can it be possible that we are liv- ing under a government that baa no power to enforce Its own laws rWehaveboastedofoiuformofgovernment We have almost canonized its autoors as satots for theirMtMtor nirtck, and to-dayastlng as Georgians If the Union and toe peace of Slavery cannot exist to-force to effectu- The Fifth, Sixth, and NInto Prectocts of Brooklyn Daniel Heeler, todicted for grand larceny, wa* aatt patroiltog are to almost every respect similarly situated Ih re- put on trial.miles of streets and piers as toe lineperpetuated to brass and marble for toe admiring to be protected. These figures fail to show the ftiU toe needed accommodations in that city.gether, then toe Union mast go—patriotism and wisdom. They have reputations toe of theworld-wide. They have been, for nearly a century, ter, toadcquacylauded as far above all antiquity, and all previous ally guard the City of Ne»-Yurk, I presented an ag- gard to Station houses, and I recommend the Com- Mr. Sparks, tl'C first witoe**, stated that he wa* laI;he hadbut noth- irg can bo done in that way to acquit e the strength necessary for the efficiency of service which toe pub-lic voice demands.PATEOILINO rx NF.W-TORI£.In my endeavor to show, in the report of last quar-failure ?we commensurate ihe worth of such wiser benefac- ed by occasional absences and by douoie p <trol, 58.45-100 was a colored person. Nearly one- fourth, tltogwithii.tors ? But if tills Government cannot enforce its laws, toen It Is a failure.where circumstance may mnke it necessary, to not less toan an average of two miles to a beat.Irclddlng colored persons, were natives of toe United States, and over three-fourtos were of foreign birth.;Officer AforrtnWe have professed to feel and realize Its bles.'dngs.Eloquence has portrayed Its magic power, its prog- But, In toe City of Brooklyn, the force Is so obvious- an average of the ages of the persons arrested, 1 will ress to all toe elements of power, wealth, greatoess ly inader^uate that it scarcely requires any more to Ftotctoal of the whole number of Ixito sexes, 12,952of a largenessthe population and tiie smaltoess of toe force employ- age.cess to seif-govemment, we have pototeu them to our to view, every person must be am ized at the lack of 50 ye arsyears,yearsto ids own comm<indm^SaSi of recOTeilug the Ohio TaUey and the great States, or repudiated and redressed by the Federal deslie to be free, toat we have not encouraged by otir ed lor Its protection. Wlien, however, the measure- yearsprisoner, and be was dlachargisd.JCTIHILK B0BBCB8 8IBT TO THI HOOBBreference to tobleit will be seen that toere are 455 miles of streets andingdutyto toatcity. ByB,3,personwhere toeafter more formal correspondence shali have toKen place. It i» 1 should make record of toe satis-of wbich 841 of the nuisances werefor toe worst Until an experiment is made, I shall Ncw-Vork, those to Brooklyn have been sick at the feet of for each person. The examination air-spaceof the same Church. $2,00o.alwaysenough fanatic.believe that toe Constitution has rate of 3 331-1000 days. The only rational waytof ac- of the Sixto and Sevento Wards was more thorough, cietystrengtoallitsenemies—eventoeNortoem countingforthi^immensedifferencei:*andtwo Wardsof 37,064.bad in 728 houses aR. is There are to these Stephen LouusboryappototedExecutor of thetoIf it proves to have not toat strength, I willby .'iltributing it to the dcfioiencv in accociniodations provided forthe I'orcc doiiig dvity to toe latter city.theresultsnot trust it another hour.A tolrd benefit to be derived from the failure of .inhonest effort to redress our grievances to toe Union is toe union of all toe Southern States. Some of the1,152 act as such offii;er. Of this number the pieaus of escspe aresecedenow. Someof the States whoResigned—:cellar tion in toese two Wards amounts to 2,672.willsuffer most from toe grievances we have enumerated will not secede now, because think these griev-toey ancescanberedressedmtoeUnion. Ifthis-ideabeadream, let us wake up to toe' reality by an actual ex-perimentA furtoer benefit to be desfred is, toat if all the—promoted sergeant,doorman;seceding State.toe peace broken, if only one State should secede, ortion. 2; on application of Justice Bmwseli,permitted te h.ave. In requiredthe firm of Duncan, Sherman ATheterm embraced the foUov.ingB. M. and C. A. CLetehrougii, as teiianls.in commitcaptain,patrolmen,ofchange membership3men, 3 doormen1 deceased—sergeant, H> patrol-gnDistrict, l/in—cells, office and the ofwas until considered,it would not cost over $150 to open a default, should it be taken, and he, defendant would willingly pay toatand sf ven found to lie incondition as to immediate which,require wasrepair, at- toeybefiled. Itwassoordered.to save your rightsMr. Hill—But we win go. We allow no i/ to our As a general toing toe physical condition of the bauly ventiiated,aiid 210 are to bad sanitary condition. whichto theCOMliriOK OF IHIC FO^.CE^of toem, The population to toe whole 709 houses amounts toissanitary condition, and p-ipulation, which toese two Wards show that of '709 of this classdeeeaeed.Li the forcecapt:,Lns, 6 sergeants. 39 patrolmen,;in toese houses, by which it appears that 2,485 per-the num- estate, quoted8 roundsmenIs then distributed a among71SPKCIAL conmssioxs.;much, The material ofgarrogate'swelfareproperly employed in its place. 1 tiesign maktog a provisions within agreat asK^eitainlng Uieir uUlity.for itoelr and partly of seven per cent charged i^OBtitebalananofaccountstilldueiduction of cotton withoal itie African wnich impel us to separation. When we separate and discerned the de'ects to our present Government, and The iabrr.s cf the liiftrict Inspectors have been ocTcuhpeantBsr.ooklyn report shows that 2,030 cases have $5,542 15, made up the amoont of thenoleeto contro-allege our giievances as our causes, and manittodwill be prepared to guard agatost toem to another. greatly serviceable to brtoclng forwanl the Improved been acted on, embracing filtoy bouses, stoks, yards,and for w hicb sum the notas were gi*^ The defendants claim tois to be usury, and askoathiawe attempted, even demanded a re-Above all, we shall have found good consciences, and efficiency, noticeable in toe force. Tne cellars, cisterns, culverts, tc.versy,beside toe very from one Station-house opposition, now relaUoB to its workings. On Wednesday evening, service arc to toat toe statioa- to anotoer. The circuit is now complete to sto-Bthn Jaaloa BsaatUme, totaxr •^ nlaws Ifconvenient of access, andOffice to New-York, and the of-and Coaastfors. Tbe taUowina opial 4t.—Durtog toe past monto they have provided lodging1,vinmcith.n that wUI come constructed separate bulldtog,Uian any one thivcrvrebJ"lT'''"V"'='*«•over which those to line had no control.tl.-e.^nl thefor some 2,600 boys, or an average of nearly 90 per to ««r.them to bebe- for toose under arresttoe apparatus and toe TB>PBOPIBTTOLBKK.by tois Court to May last denyingof thelaw, make night Whilst engaged to conversatton witoproperly recuperated lock-upsof these (toe Tonner^baa been vaing on, England lias been trying to raise ?de-nt..to .t2h^e'h'^u'm'b"l!e;s,'t'°c"li^l^T't'u'8°w"e'''"l- From the Presi- acceptable. Are toere not many in our City who wUI furnisahreed,deficirengtretto someobflitgoesde desisraayble many tion ef toe law of 1810, which took place Oct. 10, Appeals of toe orders an.i proceedings in the matterShe has failed. Her factories are at hoai«>bat her cotton eant come from India. Sheare the equal subjects nhen cause f..r fear exceptmoreotherstoalloftoem.qualitiesyielded to the Pcdlee Llfeand Healto Fund $414 80. of these applications, and that toe Court of^jottoatoladlB. jniathavecottia.-Foarofthisonlyruler. Wehavenoand OfI am happy to be able to testify to the very excellent enwea^irte applicationandargumeifcS^;for conducting toereintoe ofhcial bustoess ofstance* ofproportionontof orderoccurred,and awito Cleik tbe:prectocl,fortoeliouselessoughttobesoCterkto that office.fectorrcondiaoa of'''''<-acenturyto wasneotowhichthemt.'mbersoftheforcearelodged,and '564lotsof havebeenreceived,ofwidch and ettfcitBlfelAcitizen, Mid liave no t>cca!-i'>n for despair until his nro- The Fulton-street, and toe first class, are the Station-houses in tbe Fourth, conducted. Hanifest Improvements have recently have held the acts of the LegLslatnre to be Constou-willing,Convention or Stale tliould demand of thenioht. thai our uiiLifyingAnylully received and duly acknowledged.Elghteento, SeveDteeBtn beingtheVery re8p<%tfully,JOHN A. k£nN£I>V, Supeiiotendent,donations be toank- sent to Mr. O'CoNKsa willtoeseWben toe Justices of tUa Couri—who wo»«Untitled Document;Ward, 456; SLilh Ward, 562; and Ssvento Ward,appointed—1 doormen.atsons live and breatoe in apartoients where relatives and friends e( ta*re-had notihettekettUiiiliiMiitll tKn^oriar.tpam. toe regular ticket offea for them. Wltaea* aad acl*- |ireseiiie<l Ihii order aad reenreC TvieJfto, and Twenty second Precincts, and present tbe tickets. l>f coui>e,apoa this teattmoor, the prk»- so little of whst ought to be provided for toe accom- oner could n<-i be ooavHSMd of an Illegal tUe, mia3tm As'isiant District Attorney withdrew the proeecotaoa. The prti-oDei was noi dlschaiMd firon eaiitedy, Iww- ever, beiig held under a conviction for larceny, had a few weeks ago, and la wbich a motion wa* made for anew .natTBIAL rOB LABODIT—^AOQimTAL VOB LACK OVPBOOr.missioners to adopt a like course in order lo supplygaze of manv generations made happy to toe enjoy- effect I'bey are merely the lengto of the streets, ex- It Is proper 1 should say that the Corporation of bras* titoindngs upon a ^p^tting itiajA| n» worth $KJti5 of ascertatoed losses by offenses JoitasmOsbum. ThepriionerswerelagreattrepHa- not capable of self-government This very tiovern- ing In their limits much territory very little improved against property is $36,357 65, of which the value of tion, and of most viilalnoa* auieanaoe. Theyooj^arhad given his age, at toe preilminaiy examliialkM, aiatwenty one. In order that he might not be aeat le theout of the Police House ( f Refuge, not knowhig that for the e(-fence be might be sent to State Prison for Ufo. Tbe boy Osbom bad been tetmated wlh abut toe 218 miles of streets remainingt26,012 01 lias been recovered. In addidon to wtdch, there has been recovered $59,251 76 of propertyby buildingsand piers have their two sides to guard, as well as the;andhas infused abis as example,\otoe9,213 violationgreater degree, oi theis it Boardof bulld-ligreflcleutlD many u) toe conveniences thataSU- SDPBXaa Con*—Gnxaaa Tiaa.—Wm k.tThesecondronttacttd a scale lo afford toe cosventences ueeiledUlBTLXMEN-: Pursuant to the requirements of but In many cases thev are old dweiiiaga, Ac, wbich I56», 1591. HiMi, I5«», IMI, J«»t, iflanai JJST'have been converted to tois use. In New-York there are aerrn such, rfz.t thnseln rbe First Second. PUUi,Superintendent IAdioviMd toe term. <;iTlbhlef, Deputy,It, anPolicemen on Doormen,78. Total,1,860.Messen-31,ciiicU. And In Brooklyn there are two sach,Tlz.:storiesantnesE of such a iocAtton, present greatacceis. In one uf these the pilsoiiers' celia are to the third stoty, and druiken prisoners have to be lifted to that height in order toput toein lu a of safety.;6,247 were between 20 and 30years;4.512 wereOPthere werearealso inspected 1 ,861 tenement-house<,whlchhouses the means of escape is bad to269toat 232 are:Rev. James L. Schock iswhichare byll,8Sl souls populated:issued onwhich to live, is not much morethan that between decks on an promissorythe requisition of the Commissioners of thebetweenpersons, it is between 500 and and 1,000 cubic feetour rightment, ihough liaving toe right to enforce its lawsagainst all toe world, has no right to coerce back a Department of toe City inspector, New- York, 67; for 4,164 persons, it is between 700 Alex. Duncan, tt at vs. The Ongndiiga Salt;ownsuInctherest,toewhich has been attatocd, Is me toe Department and only ntoe were obliged t.i be;;herewith submitted, in which L, snown the actual condition of eacii Stitiou-house in toe IMs- trict:THI POUCI IBLEUBAPIUquarter,i.«the improvementpossess nothingARBKBTS.;KIPDOf.The next case was toat of William Feigiuiio aa<Jsmes Southward, aiiae Lynch, two boya aged ra- speciively fifteen and seventeen year*. They wen todtcied for an art«mpt to commitrobberroaaUttfe txiy, apparently nine or ten years old, by tne name of235 horses found astray and retomed to owners. 34 horses and vehicles restored to owners.365 stores found open and secured.95 fires attended members of the force. by32firesextinguishedbypolicemen.17 persons secured from drowning by the police.:$26,727 otliers.chargelodgersby315 lost children restored.personshad fastei-edw ho happei eo to be tbeie, had helped him11,624Of toe males, 2,664 were between 10 and 20were over 50 of years age.and 1For offenses against properly, the number of ar-1;ortic and basement for dormitories and cells. If toe ry tove*tigatiun'tliat8inffliiirst sold him the UekeMspealt.casedepoafrtwmheincth. number 58 were tion. The deiendaut strenuouslv denied tlie contenlahuman beings are packed away. The measurement of toe cellarsthat, 400 and 500 feet eachfor 7.421 SUPREME COURT—CiaootT.largetion-honse to toe Metropolitan District, andeviesrdyfrectIn the vuUterCooper aad Aitert Marskaua Paiaur, la HmtmUft anofinthe In.«pector Brooklyn.Not somanyto- Jnto the admission of the t» college graduates:and is he will qualify aad given »5,U)« providedfor 6,048 perwns,;be constructed in connec-by toe otoer defeudauls,tor valuable cousideratiunsIt is, therefore, toat toese necessaryThe I<nw-8chnal Oradnnten.The has rendered it« ordinary PB0TZ8T AOAIBSI XBBIB ADMISSION AS ATTOBr-DianioT Conr.j». upl»d«y.lua, thnSf^'^'**^'*^23d of October latt he mlseed about $25 worto of tte;wno haadenied his guiltprisoner,Tbe prosecuting officer here staged to toe Cooittoat didtoere not teem to be sufieleot evidence taconvict. ai.d he was willing that a verdict of aeooit- were over 3<i of tal should tie taken Tbe Jury therefore acqalttedlkaWm. Btghrt. toe placeontnenightofthetheftaal-iheEreiEaolnseorrecognzed toe knife wtaleh bad bempleked—Forforgery TlioinaBLawson,Charie*G.on. Thom^Cityand to and application by defendant Cl^.of of the Sanitary Com- 8ei«eant Loaa,bleanbeofrito,f this division of toe force. The New-YorkpUintiff declined \o grantoftoat toey be allowed to go out of Court, <n«i«Hfig thatTo thePennsylvania, fur toe education of poor young smk; this sum, added to the sum aftatoaer Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 