 Ivray, New-Tors;; oat.-mm,ItV %nd rOVerae^j .v,»a tnw*w>rthj i.i H*«t«* I'->*•*,*o4 !>»• atesabtwW OM»x* Propsiefcoreeof |l«Nian«Mb rfOAtJT-» t o th«t •aying that th„y Nor* o«iCU4»4(1D. rx, 1 ; rytMmtmmhamHot*.r»i«orab)s>'u<•DC»fi»TH»a,t then*s*BwMdi d*«di"diW^-ennem!>*—W) ia to* Rao*.St«T andawet* ee-lin/p»»p4a. :^!!ir« so- w e d I «».-»# Cath*l*c«ti w>z and broke**- ic»n. aadawsee- :ir<-)yc«re4,an* :' i M»Y feosala [ o « n o r t o f » r e a 4 icon. Itw-ffiat.JMf :hi» ("s*» aaa trv/i»v~UWe4 r • -itaoH«*» J*rt.-rifte** t» g»* ap<m it aa Uj•TFJUEfS C A ~ <utd m a y b *W i b* avoid***. XfAt» r« rssatLT>.BVf-YORK, PILLS'* K r Y 0 « * W rt*S—— KVvrvbawm xriMtirr—0«t»tfatt tha* tke* *:-pated <•*% M-uini thmmmng ou« dollsr foara y p a r t o f ca>«Ni>. 5j BOND-41*rind rr*vtr» vt* BmMdimfK ttod '.are/V.far**.nd COWtf-t.~VVTLLbVM»n - >v.'rnat~— rY-.viarehere- ls4»t In this theCinr and of Sowtork, err**Opyo*Lb*-r*, at '.uttir La»aid CI-y»f this sooiflSoM If Y»a, f-ul to J. the plaiartff be sua* »£ tw# oats, wttlt in- sight hoarfrostUtSONS,I Attorneys*>l>ERUuXD 1«'•'aJxai*.—ed; Ye*ar» piaidt in ttu< •» u*d «r»»»k>' Qoaona. >er„ 13£», and oa tka »»b-w.J Coaaty, oo« oa/<>•», II ".* ajiawqc dntiff ia taia »'«! iaUx»J>. piwn-ANUQtJI^' '<^A. Qaia, ia* of, tao a4-iifsna, d*- n »f the S»- * 5t*d«yof >fr^«ia tA« Lf( TJOX, a t >w York, br ISVAY, tXaftV,U1Y. J ie> Koudinr t'aa Catr o«giuaiag at & •at ivrraty- •Va*bingtda r!<ht ia;!«€ aratlot vrit* J. »t rigbt 6w)YUaaof wr)Y lia« » f bojinainf.d, with taathy/ard »t w#: Eapa- •»• -iiUijritriv »t ri^bt iortYparai. • bm> a9rtit>and fowr pod^Yttoot, aabJ»uCtoir- raJlolfri^k *oi>tb(rrtr.too aaid Wljr, aionjj "t totbo » 1»««odlt- jr t r b i a --•The policy adopted by the Department in reference eanguinary, war, fo.r a_: distance extending from the , from the army and from the States; but the few left towbrksofthischaracter,andpresented in"former thirty-fifthtotheforty-sixthdegree'ofnorthlatitude,jonhahdofthosewhichwerepurchasedbefore'thepas- thc^o cftxi««. , Tbe receipts from customs for the last reports to Congress, has.' been continued during .the with very, numerous tribes of hardy and warlike In.- i sage ofthe prohibitory law # constitute the only sourcefewdayshavG^peailyfallenoff,andthelimitedamount pastyear. My,viewsin;referencetotheseworks,and dikis..;Itshouldberemembered,,alsoithatthescenes•from which these requisitions canbemet, andthatVery respectfnUy.yoor obedient servant, TotbePnBst^r. ^ ? W B »"»•«** ^ !jaaaasaBBWBsasaBtaaaaaMaaaaaaaMw' ' •";•'<''•''< • FATAL STABBISO ArpRAY.-.T^<)rmrd Gander,, oneilWoreo>"«.Ithe officer undertaking them. 'I cannot, in this connection, refrain from makingspecial mention of the manner in which, under very un- favorable circumstances, the work has been executed at Fort Wise. This post is situated in the region of the Comanches and Kiowas, and toward t h e gold discov- eries of Pike's Peak. I t is necessary for the protection of the crowds of our people moving continually in that direction from the lawless and hostile bands of Indians already spoken of. Without a n y of these facilities so essential to substantial a n d cheap construction, M a j . Sedgwick, with bis troops alone, a n d almost without tools, except those of the rudest sort, h a s been able to construct of stone, houses of the most substantial charac-to Spolford, Tileston &. Co.Ship Victoria, Anderson, Loudon and Gravesend Nov. 5, mdse.and'pass, to E. E. Morgan. Anchored at S. W- Spit.Ship Gibraltar, Clifford, Hamburg Oct. 18, and Coxhaven 24tb,mdse. to H. D. Brookman &. Co. Anchored in lower Bay. - Ship Cieole, Pierce, New-Orleans 16 days, mdse. to Wm. T .Frost. • „'Bark Coriolan (Bremen), Steengrafe, Bremen Oct. 11. mdse.and 250 pass, to Knautb, Nachod & Kuhnc Came through NorthChannel around Sbeatland, and encountered heavy galea from S - •W. and W. S. W. -, Oct. 28, saw Iceland, and since then had light and variable W. winds; was 10 days on and near the Newfound-land Banks; has been as high as 65 N. lat.. with verybad weath- er. Nov. 15. Int. 46 v«0. Ion. 4625, spoke ship Robin Hood, bound E . Had 1 birth and 1 death on the passage. .Bnrk Light Brigade (Br.), Willetts, Bermuda 12 days, in ballast toH.J.k C.A.Dewolf.mMl ... > •>-.•<-• .'••••.i>^». « . :>«v t -Doa »• boo. L5-i>ee. itcial panic, which has assumed so threatening an aspect.I>oo. It -Doc 9.ton. X.r^o. ft •i»oc *I»or ! •A->*. ft X»T. M M #r. 14 No*. » Dao. I Uoo. - % Uao. ii [*-c m—Theui re-*'* ivrtetdi tigers* ae bywder- . Kn-Firs* r«i«i >en^x eringwithin the last few days, and of which I shall speakter and in sufficient numbers to shelter all the storesBrig Larch, Wilson, Bridgeport 2 days.'*wVery frequent and numerous experiments have beeninventionsforthispuiposearewonderfullynumerous. ADU'SChurchtoJMargaretP.,eldestdaughterofHenryN. ,,.«follow*; »»8thdayofSeptember,1860,whenproposalswereinvi- tionofCongresstotheimportanceofestablishinguni-BureauunderthechargeoftheWarDepartment. • QUARTERMASTER'S BUREAU.Rev. Anderson M.Wylie, A.M., AssistantMiniater ofSt. md Many have been rejected, but some plans for breech- : Conklin, esq., all of Brooklyn.'<& TimT H R a S r - K T . ^ i i x ^ V j ^ ^ 4 ) 1 8 6 0 .fflTre«Hiiryl>ep«rrlWnt)-apr;r<>v^ H n T »();l80ft tic hm»yr to sr^bniit the following report•6»c»i year 3W.it \he bnlnncft ia tb« Trt ^^^giSgSi^^^oftwomenwhowerestabbedonSunday''nighv«tthe h(Kr})ter»iiloonXo.X^lE^xetreet/.:\vsht^reet,. whije fWfhit^itm^grr.hftVe*to«»'««HT>erwetJnaoU.1858....For tb*. qwart^ ending V«<xmbar 31. l8od: 'this officer, will be found the action of the Department. • fulness and care to keep the expenditures: for the year proved patented mode of casting and cooling for iron ter, died on Tuesday of his injuries, atil* residence,»x£<>rii?,,l0"tft*r «>*»*Sejrt*?mT>eT30,1S59:: : 4TO.344 <aunder the a<* of March 3,1857,authorizing,the analysis within the appropriations for it. A, sum n o t less than cannon. I t should be repealed as to all articles used in of'.iron ores. I t will b e found t o b e a n instructive half amillion dollars has been required for'these move- the Quartermaster's Department.•document on this great material interest of our country; ments, the necessity for which was not .and, could, not ,Onthe16thofi.ebi-nary,1857,Congresspassedajoint beforeseeninthisDepartment."',:;"."'/-/.'r:'.•/•: ; ;resolution authoiizing the "Secretary of the Treasury, ,- ;i '•: i..'-//•',:/..'/ I N » I A N ; J S U R E A U . ;.;••:>.-.r'•/•'•No. 148 Essex street. Coroner ^hirmer^inboW an inquest on the l>ody to-day. Henry Klote, w h o w o e^S^^^:;;::;:;;;:-.;;;:*^-«demand*tlieinimcuiuteattention*of.Congress,-andua caiiy action will be icquired to enable tho:Department to carry on the Operations of the Government, and at the i?ame time i>re«ervc unimpaired the public credit.,I again call attention to the existing law for armingandequippingthewholebodyof.the'militiaofthe alsostabbedduringthesamefight,isverylowjand United States, which was passed in 1808. The provis- not expected to recover. H is ant^-raort.em statement ion then made for tnepurposeremaihs the same now.It is entirely insufficient for its effectual accomplish-ment,asisshownbyfrequent requisitionsandurgentKroa» adanoBaMow, «>„„*«.> ^ ^ . l § A3TT9,«30 61 fc''' 3.611,3ft) 00to cause inquiry to be made, by two competent com- missioners, info processes, and means claimed to have beendiscovered byJ.T/Barclayforpreventingabra-':•••'Krow cwtoroPtota public lands. . . . . . . . .{^•oni mUcMlaTWMn)* no-ir.-M '^.^s^KwyboU**,peractD««m ber 23,1857 ,^10,185,840 93 445,535 3 6 1J9.3Q2 •?$referencetothetableNo-3,heretoappended.'_By the act of June 22, I860, provision was made forHenryVethakeand R.E.Rogers were'appointedtomilitarypower. They respect nothing bata strong4,064,50000 FOTtb«qaaxterondia?Itfarcb31,I860:military force, and its proximity to them is thereforeBW , 2 ! " * * ^ * " JJ,nevJ> 1 8 3 8 " •Kromcudoiwt.... Kiom pabacbMBd*.....$14,962,7»3 68 505.59183., Prom o.wooUaaoouH aoareoa.rate of interest "not exceeding six per centum per annum, and to be reimbursed within a period not be- yondtwentyyearsandnotlessthantenyears." Itof the' Department on the subject. If the objectswhich Dr. Barclay proposes to accomplish can be effect- ediitisdifficulttoestimatetheadvantagewhichwould„fhenumeroustribesscatteredoverourimmenseterri-Nov. 28, by the Rev. George B. Day, John B. Brookneld ofMorrislown,.toGertrudeF.,daughterofHenry S.Harris,M. . D., of Allnmuchy, N . J.**»«»<»*tgaM>..r..................tpiJ,481,207 64forsuch,amountsandatsuchtimesaswouldplacethe money in the Treasury to meet these treasury notes a s theyshouldfalldue. Tohavenegotiatedthewholeuiscovery.\Theexperimentsalreadymadehavebeen attended with such results aa to induce the opinion that itwill prove entirelysuccessful. Such is thestrong,diansexceptwheninastateofactualhostility,itoften, indeed,gcontinually,j happens; that important marches arenecessarytobesuddenlymadetooveraweorchas-outbyhavingtheproper,meansunderGovernment control for preparing ancttr£ating the materials and for perfectingtheir,fabrication.•Theadoptionoftheseim-Brownlee,Mr.TunisE.ButlertoMissEmmaA.Taylor,bothProw paUfcjtonda J2"o>Muii»cellaxieon«aonrccK.Jfromtreaanrynotaa,peractD«oam- b«r23, 1857..;. ,;357,185 90 23827358ofStaten Island: . . ... * FERNS-CHENEY—AtFlyCreek,onWednesday,Nov.23,bythe Rev.Aaahel Bronson, Mr.James P.Ferns to MfsaAra-^t^?1, jf<?T*iscail,*«r«>orse,andmiscellaneousTH^ll2^?**"yiLVJ,""^.tedfortenmillionsoftheloan,whichwasamplotoform standards of weights and meksures, a uniform unitT o t h e p u b l i c d e b t . , Exhibited in detail in Statement No. 1l i g e n t m e n . I m m e d i a t e s t e p s o u g h t t o b e t a k e n t o a r m clothing, barracks, quarters, and all other of the multi- all our light troops with the most approved of theseamis. I hold it to be an inhuman economy which sendsasoldierintotbefield,wherehislifeisconstant-B E L L O W S — I n t h i s c c i i t t y y , , o o n n S S u u n n d d a a y y , , D D e e c c 2 2 , , M M r r s s . . A A i n mn B B T T . . Bellows, In the 76th year of her age, relict of John Bellows,'Deducting4be expenditure for the n*o»l year I860 from the aggregate receipts during that year, thereremainedintheTreasuryonthel*tfu'ytudinousoutlaysincidentupon.,the occupationandformerly of Boston, Mass. r„,.>. • • .Bostonpaperspleasecopy.CHAMBERS—in thix city, on M/mday, Dec 3, Augusta, wife of Moiittouth H . Chambers, and only daughter of Edward B . Fellows, esq.,in the 21st year of her age.*w1>;61 . . . . " . ; . . . . . .Toeexpeadittjre ofthefirstquarterofthecur-rent fiscal'year—that endingSept.30, i860, were aefcSJows;.For civiJ. foreign iut«rcot£ree, andmiscellaneous servicesFor service of interior Department(Indians and pen«tona)For service of War DepartmentFor service of Navy ^Department... 2,578,678 88 +• w payment o i crtiouors oi TeXaii,•••,,>per act of Feb.28.1855..^... Foiredemptionoftreasurynotes... For interest on pubEc debt...'1,232 81 375,40000 115,560 47known the .character of that singular river, the. Colora- dooftheWest,anditssuitablenessfornavigation;the nature of a large portion of the belt of country, hitherto u n k n o w n , b e t w e e n t h a t r i v e r a n d t h e s e t t l e m e n t s o fGreen, aged 3. months and 27days. Thefuneralwilltakeplaceat1o'clock,onThursday,Dectf,from the residence of her parents, iri West Bloomfield.H A D S E L L — A t T w i n S p r i n s s , L i n n C o u n t y , K a n s a s , o n S a t u r -•'The estimated expenditure from appropriations bcretofoie.roade bylaw, during tho three re-maining quarters of the current nscal ^etr, 1861,according to the report of the riegister, is.... n : 46305,132 55differencebetweentheirbidsandtheamountforwhich eressatitspresentsessionagratifyingstatementofthe appliances;for such a march,set'outonthejourney. New-Mexico, andnorth ofthethirty-fifthdegreeof ? day,Oct.27,JosephE.Hadsell,oftyphoidfever,aged25years.The Km of June 22, I860, the amount of which ij ftoleuamongthem«ansofthe fiscal year.i<j61, ws expreaaiy required to be applied "to the re- demption of treasury notes—the amount of these notes and interest ih.-r.-on, deducting $375,400 t*^iv*iXBf4 during the first quarter, as stated in the expenditure of tbat quarter, isMaking the aggregate expenditure, ascertained and estimated, for the current fiscal year, 1861JlZt only aTe the treasury notespast due rapidly coming inforredemption,-but,C?alreadystated,those notdueare being paid in for customs, thereby withdrawing All which is respectfully submitted. ' from the regular operations of the Government itsprincipal source of revenue. . ,mentofanewrouteacrosstheGreatBasinfromGreatmade good progress, reached Fort Benton by the 2d of other lines of communication between important set- KEANE—On Monday, Dec 3, of congestion of the brain, PatrickJrtO.OOO0i»-C0.61RW5S5has been taken by the Coroner, and a jury which woo*.:? impanneled inthecaserenderedaverdictagainsttbe245,44736 5.588.20000Departmenttoknowhbwand wheretodisposeofthe troops so as to secure quiet and peace on the part ofverified sofarasthelimited meansat mydisposal would permit, in the models and mode of casting can- non,andintheadaptationtothemoftherifleprinciple,U10 000BUTLER—TAYLOR—In-theReformedDutchChurch.Port$40,000,000 00 2,250,000 00disbursingofficers, probably the whole of which will be credited them upon further .explanations of their payments. Astricteraccountabilityoramorefaithful disbursementitwouldbedifficulttosecure.MARCH .PROM ST. LOUIS TO OREGON RIVER. Itwas,inmyjudgment,amatterofthefirstimpor- t a n c e , i n a m i l i t a r y p o i n t o f v i e w , t o a s c e r t a i n t h e p r a c -attain to great skill with a good weapou, he certainly never can do so with an indifferent one.Ithinkitmaybefairlyassertednow,thatthehigh- estefficiencyofabedyOfmenwithfirearmscan"only- be.secured by putting in their hands the best breech*- loadingarui. The long habit of using muzzle-loading a r m s w i l l r e s i s t w h a t s e e m s t o b e s o g r e a t a n i n n o v a - tion,andignorancemaycondemn;butascertainlyasCRANS—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, Dec 2, Henry Jesse, sonof Henry T. Cram, esq., aged 18 years. . " ..DEZENDORF—InBrooklyn,oaMonday,Dec3,WilliamH.,' sonofAaronandCorneliaDezendorf. .m*GOODENOUGH -At LawrencovilJe, Tioga County, Penn., on JTrtOay, Nov. 30, i860, Gertrude Field Demarest, eldest daogh- i terofE.Goodenough,aged24yearsand7months.750,000 00$6,440,003 7 7 1,6:9,575 2 4as yet been received. The amount of the loan awarded tailed statement of .their operations duringthe last fiscal within such a Bpace oftime as tomake them available forthose that load a t the muzzle.' F o r cavalry, the revol- ver and breech-loader will superaede the saber.Ashton, wile of Charles C. Goodrich, and daughter of JohnAshton of Newton Centre, Mass.Her remains will be removed to Hartford, Conn., for funeral5,052,771 4Ztaken in reference to the stock which may be thus forlaw now stands, to meet the ease. It is recommended covered from the revulsion of 1857, and it's healthv and the Missouri River. At an early period last season theing three quarters of the current fiscal year will beactuallycalledforwithintheyear.Theamountstated,$46,930,232 58, does not include the entire balance ofthe appropriations heretofore made by law, but suchsums as the respective departments have indicated mayprobably be required. But, in practice for many years The condition of the Treasury is such that no serious past, the sums drawn from the Treasury during any delay can be indulged. 1 recommend, therefore, a re- year have been much less than the amounts estimatedconie so since that time, have been engaged in cam- the troops were halted), through an unknown and wil-MOULIN—On Sunday morning, D e c 2, at 9 o'clock, Francis*»«. required within such, year, according to the characterof the appropriations and the exigencies of the publicservice. I t may be, therefore, fairly, anticipated that,shoTjki the operatious of the Government jproceed intheirordinarycourse,thatatleast$4,000,000moremay try. Tocreate'thatconfidence,Irecommendthatthe be deducted from the estimated expenditure of the public lands be unconditionally pledged for the ulti- current fiscal year, increasing the balance in the Treas- mate redemption of all the treasury notes which it may ury on Jury 1,1861, to that extent. become necessary to issue. I make this recommenda- ESTIMATESFOKTHEFISCALYEARFROMJULY1,l^SI, tionofsubstitutingtreasurynotesforstockthemoreandneartheRioGrande,sowehavethatfrontier ourpossessionsinthatremoteterritoryagainstany informationthatwouldbovaluableinmilitaryopera- Nugent,wifeofCapt.Nugent. 'well protected, from Fort Fillmore to Fort Brown. force that can be brought against it. Indeed,, we can tions in the overland communication with the Pacific FERINE—At Staten Island, on Monday, Dec 3, Henry Perfne,TO JVXK 30,1862. Estimated receipt.* from customs, (>.• iEstimated receipts from public landa.Estimated receipts from miscellaneous sources.... Estimatedbaiacce in the Treasury July 1,1861....$6^,000,000 00 3,000,000 0- > 1,250,000 00readily £om the conviction that there should alway exist in the Department power to issue treasury note • for a limited amount, under the direction of the Presi dent, to meet unforeseen contingencies.. I t is a powerowing to the low standard of proficiency for entrance to the school.St. John, aged 64 years.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfany invitedAggregateestimated!««*»*forthefiscalyear1862,$64,j85,891 58 from such source can only be used to meet lawful de- mands upon the Treasury. No Secretary of the Treas-•\£atim«£e4 expenditure from permanent appropri- ations. .......•.• »..........••.•.••••••••»•••••••• Botimated expenditure from balance of former ap-9,626,386 20ury or President would ever exercise it, except com- Sriled to do so by the exigencies of tho public service. n the other hand, it would enable the Government to meet without embarrassment those sudden revulsions to which the country is always liable, and which can-not always be anticipated.I have already stated that provision should be madeat once to relieve the Treasury from its present embar- nearly the whole Territory may be said to have been and the soil ia well adapted to grazing. There arerassments, produced by the causes referred to. To do infested by them throughout the season. To make an good ground8 to believe that the mountains abound in speed. There can be no warning of tneir approach,nropriatiora not before required................. 12,198,112 «2 Estimate* now submitted by the executive depart-persed m every direction, but, being entirely nomadic, they may concentrate and again make hostile demon- strations somewhere within the boundaries of theim? mense region over which they roam.short a space of time and at so small a cost as it might be done on this.A considerable portion of this Missouri route, from the head-waters of that river to the Oregon, passesa close.illness, Elizabeth Ann, wile of I. C. Whitmore, aged 57 years. \ Her funeral will take olace at 1 o'clock p. m., on Thursday, 6thments for appropriation by Congress.jlslgregate estimated expenditure for the fiscal46,53ft,i27 29The settlement8 on Puget's Sound and the adjacent waters are exposed to the incursions of warlike In-=MISlA TT/UB Sun—Rises....7:09 | Sets..SIOH WATKR Sandy Hook.. 0:49 | Gov. Island•ALMANAC.4:33 J Moon—Rises..THIS O A T .1:39 ( Hell-Gate..vearl862 ; VW 60,363,72611In New-Mexico, the outrages and depredations of through a country capable of sustaining a large popu- dians from the British and Russian provincea. These—3:20Showing a deficit of estimated means for the ser- vice of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862,of...3,867,834 53fifty to one hundred warriors, a n d move with greatThe 8ugge»tion» above made, as* to not drawing from the Treaaury during the year the whole amount of thethis, Congress shonld authorize the issuing of an addi- effective campaign against these Indians, and. to chas-rich veins of precious metals.The march of troops through this region keeps insubordination the Indian tribes upon the route; and this is a matter of great importance to the northern settlements of Washington Territory, now rapidly^ in- creasing, and where thelmliansarenumerous, warlike,and pursuit with ordinary means is of course out of the question. I t is very necessary, therefore, to have a steamer for that purpose. The Massachusetts, a ship with an auxiliary steam power, belonging to the Quar- termaster's Department, nas been, and is now, used for this purpose; out it is not at all suitable, and is ex- pensive. I t is proposed to sell b e r and substitute a suitable steamer. S h e should b e a good strong sea boat, of light draught—about six feet—not large, and of considerable speed. She would be very useful as a transport as well as for the purpose mentioned, and ought to be constructed specially for the service.MARINE JOURNAL.'..Jthe department, but all other sums apppropriated by Congress. There is no reason why the expenditure for the present o r next fiscal year ahould exceed that of the last year. Allowing, however, a margin for an in- crease, i t m a y be safely stated that the expenses for the two years will not exceed $60,000,000 each—mak- ing the amount to be provided for $120,000. The esti- mated means of the Treasury for the same period are,for the present fiscal year, $63,348,996 75, and for the year ending June 30, 1862, $64,250,000, which would leave an excess, of estimated means over estimated expenditure of $7,598,996 75.The estimate of receipts intothe Treasury have beenmade without reference to the financial a n d commer-Ludlam ii Heinoken.energy, showing very high administrative capacity in Steamship James Adger, Phillips, Charleston, mdse. and pas*, 7more fullv hereafter. The country was never in amore prosperoua condition. Our planters and larinershave been blest, a« a general rule, with abundant crops,and were realizing remunerative prices for all kinds ofproducts- The exports of the last fiscal year hadreached the enormous «um of $400J22,296. and the im-ports for the same period were $362,163,941. yielding arevenue from customs of $53,187,511 87. The exportsof domestic produce for the present fiscal year, as faradapted to a forraor state of things, are becom- ing almost useless for the purposes for which they are employed. I have before represented to Congress that this service could be transferred to the Navy Depart- ment with benefit to the public interest, and lentertain that opinion still. If this should not be done, the poli- cy should at all events be adopted of substituting, as rapidly as possible, steam for the sail vessels now used. It is due to the officers employed in this branch of thet i o n w i t h a d e t a c h m e n t of. U n i t e d S t a t e s t r o o p s , w h o d e r e d t o b e m a d e f o r r i f l i n g a p o r t i o n o f o u r c a n n o n o n n e c e s s a r y f o r h i s c o m m a n d , w h i c h c o n s i s t e d o f s i x joined them. They commenced at once the attack. this plan, which is the best, in all respects, that has so companies—four of horse and two of infantry-. Thena. Flo.Schr. Wythe, Tuttle, Richmond 2 days, flour and tobacco to CH. Pierson & Co.. Schr. W . H . Kutan, Sprague, Georgetown, D. C , 3 days, coaLSchr.'H. T. Wood. Chamber, Virginia 2 days, wood.Schr. Wm. Allen (3-masted), Gray, Baltimore 4 days, coal. Schr. Theresa C, Smith, Alexandria, coal for Dighton.as tbey have been received, indicate an increase fullyeonaL ifnot greater, than that of preceding years,* revenue service to say that their pay does not corres-" purchase of any arms or military auppliea whateverwhich are of a patented invention." I Bhall take occa-sion to present estimates, as soon aa they can" be pre-pared,.fortheprocurement oftheseprojectiles,-and aspartofthepriceforgroundpurchasedforFortTomp-th^uaautborizing the estimate of increased revenue from that source. Apart, therefore, from the threatened embarrassments in the trade and business of the coun- trv these estimates, both of expenditure and receipts, would be submitted to Congress with great confidence that ther would not vary very far from the actual re-" i f k imposrible to anticipate the effects which this•threatened revulsion will produce upon the business ofpond with the compensation paidjto officers engagedinsimilar and less laborious dutiesi In the bill alreadyin every direction, as their custom is, nor have theyshall urge appropriation therefor a s being highly d e -Schr. Charger, Robinson, Philadelphia for Providence.the country. The absence of all the ordinary causesforsuchastateofthingsleavesnodatauponwhichLto ofexecutingtheseprovisionshasbeensofullydiscussed1 call attention particularly to the importance of hav- ingtheaccounting,officerfor theWarDepartmentdi- rectly under tho control of the Department itself. I t i s quite inconvenient a n d troublesome t o have the ac- counting officer, whose; business is so intimately and constantly connected with the WarDepartment, de-Zke*elcuIation*>-all the elements of prosperity are £T-existence—abundant crops with remunerative pn- S s nwiey seeking safe utveHtmenfs-and, indeed,in those reports, that I deem i t unnecessary a t this time to do wore than to refer to the subject, and repeat the recommendations of former reports. Congress should not permit a law to stand upon the statute booksS ! W S : to indicate more than the usual increase intr^a^business. The cm^^hj^ve^dea- which cannot l>eexecuted,when, by a few simple•1 will, only in general terms, allude to the reoom- Dec 3.—Arr.T>ark ClaraWheelOr, Bahia. , ' f'<*i,•.#* . i s » . ... . - • - ' <', . , Mimt .,.,., The causes'iv arrested this tide of prosperity must be of iuttiSof tlte financial W ^ f h ° S r ^Se touutrv; they are of a political character, and A e r e S S m dependent lor their ultimate effect uponmodifications, tho objects of the law can be fully ef- fected, and the public interests protected against the ;ipnrehended eviLThe report of the Director of the Mint is herewithtransmitted,markedNo.9.ItappearsthattheamountCHARLESTON, E e c ' 4 . - T h e steamship Columbia, from New-York, orr. at 10 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning..NEW-ORLEANS, D e c 4.—Air. ship Charlemagne, New* York;bark.St.James,RioJaneiro.S X d S to* it i* ^ m m . ^ Present to of bullion received at the several mint e^tabhsbmenta ^yTwSt wilJbetheextentoftheir influence. ,If,assome suppose, t«* y are m- n y . temporary,, and.will daring the fiscal year ending June JO, I860, was $.&,-result of such settlement' should be sent to the Trea- arms or military supplies whatever which areofa sury.soon peu#> *twaalS^^C^Xra^ex^t toprovide for the einbar-aetfaa of Coa of them. £83 35 in gold, md $3,250,636 26 in silver, togetherbody of emigrants wore attacked, almost on the borders ,,rsMtunenta ^ready'existuv in eonsequence jWilli J&iSjCw m v'«*U.. . . . . .jpublic credit; .AlrendjtasTJtol^casui^^censeri'oublyaflectedbynishes full details of theprbgresfl of the public buildings liave been made to sustain our.'army upon a.peacicfoot- j, initrbduction, .regularly;, into the semce. ..These are the Legislature, Idonot deem it respectful to them or "incourseiofconstruction/.:^-,'- -^ v^r.^ $S&MM.'!,ing,lithasbeencalled/upon^toprosecuteanactiveandjfrequentlyembracedinrequisitionsforsuppliescoming properJOTmetoreiteratethoserecommendations.$« K: firwiftpliHnce TvitU the act of Con:?rew entitlei recaved is cowpoacd each day of an increased propor- especially on the subject of marine hospitals, .have been of these operations have been over/the wildest and source isnow either entirely or Very nearly exhausted"Ana<-i,roppleni^iimrytoannett.vo«tnbHi»hihntionofrre3«jYynotes,notyetdue. Theindicationsare,that.sucii will,atleast,for.tlie.present,continueto ue the cane; not onlv so, but in consequence of thefcaluru of Iiddurs for the late loan to comply with the en^former convictions. Acconipanying the report of these circumstances,it hasrequiredthe greatest watch- the armament or equipment of troops, and also the im with two brothers named-Charles and Xayier Hockie- tern:^ of tl>cir bid,> portion of the ordinary revenues21,051,398 57...*f77,462,10272 rationsofthecountry. F6rthesereasons;"no,negotia- InternationalStatisticalCongress,whichmetinLondonford. eea... of the former place. • - ...» > 'WYLIE-CONKLIN-In Brooklyn,onTuesday,Dec4,1860,at*"*•tion. For efficiency and economy, There is no doubt, in •***PpU«» to the respective branches of the public service a* tion of anv portion of the loan was attempted until the in'July last. I bad on two occasions called the atten- my opinionf about the propiiety of putting the Indian •made, under my direction, of breeeh-loadiug arms,1 and the residence of the bride's father, by tbe Rev. Dr. Cutler,the#27,969,870 843,955.686 59 January 1,1861. 1he-rate of interest was fixed at five keeping commercial statistics among the commercial,16,409,767 10 ner centum per annum, under the conviction that the countries of tho world. It was with a view to these which the disbursements for the Quartermaster's Bu-U.513,15019 17V61»;623 (X)i.$77,462,102 72loan could be readilynegotiated at thatrate,forat that time the five per cent stock of the United States was 6elling in the market at a premium of three per cent. The result realized this jm*t expectation, and the' wholeamountofferedwastakoneitherat.parorasmallresultsthat the.'authoritywas given forthe appoint-m e n t o f d e l e g a t e s t o t h i s I n t e r n a t i o n a l C o n g r e s s . I t saction was, therefore, looked to with much interest*,and the most beneficial resultswere anticipated fromit.reau have been madewithin theperiodsinceIcame.—•'> #64,000(0€000$ 8 - 1 . 3 4 8 9SG 7 5 '$ 1 6 , 5 1 3 , 4 7 2 5 9Theaccompanyingreportsfrom thevariousbureaus ticabilityofmovingbodiesofmenfromthethicklypopu- thepercussion-caphassupersededtheflintandsteel,soT b e f u n e r a l w i l l t a k e p l a c e a t 1 0 o ' c l o c k , a t h e r u n c l e ' s , S a m u e l Deveau,esq.,No.163Tenthstreet,andtheremainswillbe taken toNew-RocheiJoforintermeut.20,624,600 0084,103.105 17The particulars in regard to the negotiation of the loan authorized by the act of June 22, i860, required to be reported to Congress by the third section x>f the act, arecontainedinthestatementmarkedNo.48.up their line of march for tbe Pacific. Transportation had.beenprovidedfor them, and although therewas some little delay in its reaching the command, it caused nomaterialdetentionandresultedinnoinconvenience. After a prosperous march of less than sixty days from Fort Benton, the command arrived in safety and good condition at Fort Walla-Walla.. Thiamarch,.covermg a.shorter, and better route between tbe settlements of GreatSaltLakeandthoseofOregonand Washington, on tbe Oregon River. ;,. ••'Theyhavedevelopedthegeneralcharacterandre-sources of this extensive region north of the Platte, andbetween the Missouri River and the Pacific divide ofthe Rocky Mountain's, have shown the existence thereAndrew Fallon, are requested to attend his funeral from the residence of hisbrother,No.336 Fifth street,on Wednesday afternoon at 1J o'clock.KEELER—At Danby, Tompkins Connty, N . Y., on Saturday, Dec1,attheresidenceofherson,Chas.B.Keeler, Betsey, widow of the late Elisba Keeler, in the 69th year of her age.LIVERMORE—At Spencer, Mass., on Wednesday, Nov. 28, Mrs. Mary Livermore, aged 73 years.Whichamount,deductedfromthetotalofascertaiued and' estimated mean* for the service of thecurrent fiscalyear^ 1861, as before stated, leavesa balance in the Treasury on July 1,1861. beingthe corrrmene^ment of tne fiscal year, 1H82, of... 215.091 58 millions of the stock authorized by the act of June 22,meet all the treasury notes that would fall due beforeof enrreney, and a uniform mode of preparing and4loading have been approved, after very'numerous ex- WHITFORD-SMITH-On Monday, Dec. 3, by the Rev. LVC. periments, and are now conceded, by all who are fa- Foes, William C. Whitford of Newbem, N.C., to Julia A .To*er»keofInteriorDepartment(Indianaand T-pointwithgreatsatisfactiontothemannerinp«n»jon»)...ToservictrofWar Dapartment ..To aerrice of Navy Department-.miliarwiththemandcapableof judging,tobe by far into this Department. This Bureau disburses all the the most efficient arms ever put into tiie hands of intel-Smith of Brooklyn, Long Island. 11,*.>^,'> . • * • # • • • • «Iregrettosaythattheseexpectationswerealldisap-IKSo, the balance of. *,' *3,529,20G 71 premium. Before, however, tho time had arrived for pointed, and from a cause which ir. is not $he proviuce maintenance of our numerous military posts. WithinTb.? recoiuta for the firit quarter of thej&scal year 1861, from July 1 to September 30, 136u,were:payment on the part of the bidders, the financial crisis, of this report to discuss.' The Hon. A. B. Longstre*et the period spoken of, more-than $24,000,000 have been ly in danger, without furnishing him with the best (not to which I have already referred, came. Some of the disbursed by about 203 officers and agents. These ex- the most expensive) arms that are or can be made. ItFrom costoan*From public.laud*Frouj miacelluneoud source*.$16,119,&11 22 231,100S4of South Carolina was the only delegate from the penditures have,been in strict conformity to law and is no answer to sav that our troops cannot be The funeral will take place from the residence of herparenta, bidders promptly complied with their proposals, and United States who took his seat in the Congress. I the regulations of the Department, and all this large taught to use with skill this character of arm, as well No. 35 East Twenty seventh street, at 2 o'clock, on Thursday ,Abe estimated receipts during the three remain- ingquartersOfthe current fiscal year,1861, are:partment, though it would be at a considerable sacri- withdrawal-therefrom on the first day of its session. amount has been fully accounted for and settled, ex-^ fully invited to attend without further.|tiotice.>rom customs From public landsFrom miscellaneous sources Fromloan,authorizedJune22,1860 21,000,00000Making the^otal of ascertained and estimated meansfortheserviceofthecurrent&icnlyear,fice. Underthesecircumstances,anadditionaltermof thirty days was given to all bidders who would deposit, one-half of the amount of their bids within the time originallyprescribed. Mostofthebiddersavailed themselves ofthisextension,andmadetheirdeposits accordingly -on or before'thc 22d November, I860. Aportion however,failedtodoso,andtothemtheaddi- L>\y.* iiv/ii2• A.JVt i o n a l t h i r t y d a y s h a s b e e n o f f e r e d , o n c o n d i t i o n t h a ttheywouldincrease(Leirforfeitdciepoisit'ofonepercentIt is only necessary to say that the withdrawal of Judge Lbngstreet from the Congress, and his refusal to return to its deliberations, received tne entire approval ofhis'Government.The report of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur- vey, presenting the operations of this service for the lastfiscalyear,willbesubmittedtoCongressatan e a r l y d a y .ceptabout$24,900,whichhasbeen suspended against soldierexpertintheuseofhisarm,andwhile"hemay New-JerseyandPennsylvania paperspleasecopy. ' »'To meet the remaining outstanding treasury notes and interest thereon there isyet to be negotiated elevenTheforegoingstatement.assumesthatthewholesum I860. Thestatementjustmadeofthedifficultiesat- mylastannualreport,thetroopsavailableforservice distanceof3,000milesbywaterand600byland,hasbeen embraccdjn the estimated expenditure for the remain: tending the payment ior the stock already sold, in con- against th e hostile Indians, and others that have be.- made in the. space of five months (during one of whichof severaipracticable wagon routes, valuable in con- LOCKWOOD—In Brooklyn, on Monday, D e c 3. of scarletnection with the fact that capitalists, in the present con- ditionofthecountry,seemunwillingto investin United.States stock at par, renders it almost certainthat this remaining eleven millions cannot now be ne- footing.beyondthatofanordinarymarch,andwithoutany serious accident.Although the movement was an experiment alone, ittopographyandhydrographyhavebeenobtained,lines ofbarometrical level have been carried across the char- acteristic features, geographical positions have been determined, the climate, has been observed, and theMOSSMAN—Inthiscity,onMondaymorning,Dec3,Andrew, Mossman.McSPEDON—On Sunday evening. Dec 2, Thomas McSpedon.gotiated upon terms acceptable to the Government.The Department of Texas has been restored to tran-sr.aged71years. " •*;' - •, fpeal of so much of the act of June 22,1860, as author- izes the issuing of this additional eleven millions of stock, and that authority be given for the issuing of treasury notes to the same amount, to be negotiated a t such rates as will command the confidence of the coun-ormolestation by the armed and marauding bands on intercommunication can be made available for moving general geology has been ascertained.the Mexican frontier. I t has been found necessary to large bodies of m en from the Atlantic to the Pacific, The efforts of those who have carried on those opera-occupy with a sufficient force the commanding posts on ana will constitute the means by which we can defena tions have been successfully directed to collecting all•-245,881 58 which can never b e abused, a s t h e amount realizedThe joint committee of Congress and the Army, ap- pointee last session to reinvestigate this measure have been in session at West Point for some time duringto attend her funeral on Thursday afternoon, the 6th, at 1 o'clock, from her late residence, No. 51 Hester street.tioual amount of treasury notes-, not less than ten mil- tise them in an exemplary manner,it became necessary appropriations anthofizea by law/ will apply to these lions of dollars. With these means, the Department to take a large, part o f the troops stationed in UtahPORT OF NEW-YORK....Cleared.Dec 4,estimate*, »othat, • instead of the above deficiency of will be enabled to meet all lawful demands upon it for $3,867,834 53, there will probably remain in the the present. The extent of the financial Crisis through Treasury on the 1st July, 1862, a balance of about which the country is now passing cannot now be de- 18.000,000.southward t o New-Mexico. This march was performed in a very creditable manner, and in good time. The troops, after accomplishing a march of 600 miles through a trackless wilderness, were, ready, after a short halt, to make a movement of 150 miles more, and prosecute a campaign against the numerous and power- ful tribe of the Navaioes. There is little doubt but that these savages will meet with the chastisementSteamships—Jamestown, Skinner, Norfolk, Ludlam & Heinck- en; Africa. Shannon, Liverpool, E. Cunard; T. Swonn, Ramsay, Portland, H. B. Cromwell & Co.Ships—Princeton, Wamack. Liverpool, W . T . Frost; Aurora, Barker, Livsrpool, Howland &. Prothingnam; Resolute, McGil- very, Bristol, E., Morewood & Co.; Richard III., Scott, Liver- pool, Snow ii Burgess. - *The eotrectnees of this estimate of expenditure forthe present and next fiscal years may be illustrated inanother and simpler form. T h e entire expenditure ofth<-Government for the fiscal vear ending June30,1860, exclusive of the resumption of treasury notes,which are otherwise provided for, and the interest onthe public debt, was $59,848,474 72, and in that sumwas included $4,446,009 26, to meet a deficiency m thePoet-Office I>epart«*ont, produced by the failure of thePost~OfHce Appropriation bill a t the second Bession ofthe Thirty-filth Oongrees—thereby causing this amountto be paid and charged in the expenditure of the fiscal The attention ofXongress is again called to the billfor the revision and consolidation of the revenue laws prepared b y the Department and submitted a t the first tjession of the last Congress, in compliance with a reso-ARMS,A N Dyear ending Jtouie 30,1860, though, in point of fact, thetservice was rendered and the liability incurred in theprecedingyear. Itshouldbeborneinmindthatthiseum lutionoftheHouseofRepresentatives. Theimport- of $59,848,474 72, inctoded not only payments growingout of such appropriations as bad been estimated for byand the quality of metal for the same. The sameis true as to the manufacture of cannon powder, particu- larlyforgunsoflargecalibers,wherebytheendurance of such guns h a s been much increased, without a n y diminution of their effectiveness. But it is particularly in regard to rifle-cannon and projectiles that such ex- perimenta have been satisfactory and valuable.The report of a Board of Ordnance a n d Artillery Officera, who have been occupied during thepast Sum- mer ana Fall in experimental firing with" rifle-cannon, leaves no doubfthat the accuracy and effectiveness ofour artillery may be vastly increased at comparatively small expense, without discarding from use the good and serviceable cannon of our present.models; requir- ing only that they b e rifle-grooved to adapt them t o use as nfle'cannon, with James's elongated expanding projectiles. This easy a n d cheap mode will convert the smooth-bored into rifle-cannon, throwing nearly double the weight of metal, without increased etraia to lessen the durability of"theguns,orendangerthe safetySeveral new posts have been ordered and erected inthe course of the last season in the various departments,Arrived. \ Steamship R.'R. Cuyler, Crocker, Savannah, mdse. and pass.termined, and, until it is better known, no policy can be recommended of a permanent character.and powerful.ORDNAKCE,/EQUIPMENTS.No change in the revenue laws can be made in time to meet these difficulties,-and if it could, the same causes would produce the same results under any laws that might be passed. If Congress, however, should determine upon such a policy—either with a view to meet existing difficulties or for the purpose of providing for the payment of a n y portion of the public debt—l can onlv refer them, for the views of the Department, to my former reports on that subject.which h a s become under control again.necessaryi norderto bringthemThe accompanying report from tho Colonel of Ord-nance is referred to for information in detail respectingmilitary supplies of this kind, which have been pro-cured b y fabrication a n d purchase, and which havebeen furnished to the army and to the militia of-theStates. The experiments for the improvement of thesesupplies, which were stated t o b e m progress i n m ylast report, have been continued with valuable results;have greatly improved, if they have not perfected, thefabrication of sea-coast and garrison gun-carriages of their, perusal. iron, the models and mode of casting of heavy cannon,Bark—Itaska, Ki.':h, ElizabethportXJrocker, Wood & Co.ance of adopting the change and modifications contained in this measure cannot be too strongly urged upon the consideration of Congress. They would facilitate the operations ofthe Department, reconcile conflicting pro- vitions of law, and greatly reduce the expenditure in this branch of the public service. As stated in a form- er report, the Department has already reduced the ex- pense of collecting the revenue from customs, and, with, the aid -which the passage of this law would afford, utill further and greater reductions cduldbe made with benefit to the public service.In this connection, the attention of Congress is calledto the condition of the revenue marine service.' Withthe exception of the " Harriet Lane," there are nonebut sail vessels employed in the service. Steam ves-sels are so rapidly supplanting sail vessels in the com-the thoroughfares leading through them. Some of these works have been executed with great promptness andt o H . B i C r o m w e l l At C o .Steomsbip Roanoke, Couch, Richmond, &c-, mas'?.,and pass, t o• , ; • ;apsp B "J1.-rr- >r,V.-. -:4^.ffl,W^^r!f.l'..J.... ., . :•^ The report of the acting-engineer in charge of the- ~eientmeasures-willbetaken*to^hastise these Indians, j supplies of patented^inventions,-themerits of^Wch • Ariny, if adopted; butj-«« the importance"of these .BureauoiConstruetipnlsherewithsubmitted. Itfur- •TIt/should.bebornein.mindtbatrwhileappropriations,<\havebeeneowellestablishedastonavecausedtheirwmeasure'sseemsnottohaveattractedtheattention*-;of.$•#eboften,urgeduponCongress,thatit•iadeemedun-.mostremoteregionsofourmbnntamousterritoriesnecessarytodomoreat this^imethantosaythateach lyingbetweentheplains on the eastern slopeoftheyear's observation andexperience confirm and 'strength-. Rockyfountain chain and tfhe Pacific Ocean. Under other military supplies as conetitute a regular port of j ^f^haslicen wifhdvuwh from the.'.ordinary sources of ex-. Senditnre to meet the payment of Treasury notes past ue,nndthe;intercutthereon*. Tliis"**c6uditionofthingsThercrmanent public debt onJune30,lS^0t wasthat date &mointfeu<to $19,690,500,. a s will- appear by United States." Under the authority of this lawj Prof. savages the idea of obedience by any other means than of arms and equipments beyond their regular quotas.- when all concerned were more or less intoxicated. , * ,. Ifeelno hesitation now in bringing to the notice ofCongress the importance of restoring to the War De-partmentthesuperintendenceandcontrol,oftheIn-$10,079,203 08, and the outstanding treasury notes at eion, counterfeiting, and deterioration of the coins of dians.. It is quite impossible to impress, upon these. applications from States and Territories for advances brothers Hockieter. The fightoriginated in a quarrel,Thewantofanationalarmoryforthefabricationof cannon-has long been.felt, and the expediency, indeed, «M>50 00—13.50.',27.S »>5 the redemption of treasury notes and payment of the additional appropriation... of .$5,000.'was made to carry essential. Without^that sort of intimate knowledge of necessity, of proper legislation to secure its establish-act as such conimiesioners. On the22d June, 1860, aninteresttheieon. Thisactprovidedfortheissuingof .outthejointresolutionof1857.'IherewithCommuni- theirtemperanddispositionwhich,nothingbutcom- vroerit,-.hasbeenrepeatedlyurgedupontheNational .BROOKI<IELb-HARRIS-In Belvidere,N.J.,attheresi-•'"."."'aaL4JBJTM3El#V--...• '"/•.•>• *A- •.;!-...-*•• stock for an amount not exceeding $2i,000}000, at a cate the report of these commissionera, and the action mand over them could .give, itia impossible for this Legislature. The improvements of kite suggested, and dence of the brid«t's|brother, I. Harris, esq-., on Wednesday,1^or!T«t^eX iiS;i^: ' ^ ^ S ! l « was the policy of the department to negotiate this loan be derived by the Government and the publicfrom his tory. .Knowing nothing in this Department of the In can only be fully developed and successfully carried Richmond, on Sabbath evening, Dec. 2, by the Rev; James-6,131,200 00—18,215,867 12 amount thereof, or any portion in advance of the notes ' conviction of my own mind to that effect, that 2? do not tise those guilty of threatenings and murder, and con- provements so as to apply them most succesafnlly, -r^lH?A -C h e D , } y J»<>th °'f Otsego. • .falling due, would have subjected the Government to Makingth©a«gr«gat«m«anaforthoaervicoofUi« theunnecessarypayment ofinterestduriugthetime «Wy««r««dtof JDn«30,186O ^....$81,091.30943 themoneywouldhaveremainedinthevaultsofthehesitate to recommend -a sufficient appropriation be madetotest-fullythepracticabilityoftbemeasure,and atthesametimetocompensateDr.Barclayliberallysequently these -movements are-attended with an.ex- pensedisprbportionallylarge,but!atthesametimeun- avoidable.It;would bevery easy to devise a plan of regulatingtho Indian tribes,: by which a large annual sum ofwhich is essential to the highest efficiency of our artil- leryarm,fui-uitihesnowanadditionalargumenttothe manyheretoforeadvancedinfavorofhavingthem.fabricated at such an armory as is spoken of.A large quantity of condemned stores, among whichHURD—VAN ALEN-On Tuesday, Dec 4, by the Rev. Walter*TM ex»«a«faturo during tbo fiscal year ending June 30,1860 Treasury uncalled for. There' was1" no power in the for his discovery. There should be placed under the* M <«i follow*: • » ' department to call in the treasury notes until they be- . $20,007,174 76PALP gEY-TUPPER— In Charleston, on Tuesday, Nov. 27, b y -R T J- £»? « - - R; Kendrick, Alfred C. Palfrey of Louisiana, tocontrol of the Secretary of th e Treasurv for this pur- POTtb«qoarter«adiogSeptember30,1859.... . 16.025,52669 camedee. Besides,thewithdrawalofsuch'anamount posethesumof.$100,000. ; 'o f J a s Tw- Pper,«"«l.,ofCharleston,S.C.J or tb« qaarterendfaiit December 31, 1359of epeciefromthepublic would have been attended with the most injurious effects upon the financial ope-: Congressatits last session authorized theappoint-money.could be saved to the Treasury, by using the. were many old muskets, have been sold during the WHEELER-'kUNGERFORtf-At SVefman, Qona.'on Mfon, " ••-,l*>0 >or the qaarter endiuR March 31, "'F<wt*«o^artere«dliigJ«ne30,l860.... Wbicbamountof.20,377,5027>officers of %e ai-my in discharging many of the diities ment of delegates to.represent this Government in the now performed/by others a t high rites of compensa-year,tomakeroominthearsenalsformodernarms.BREECH-LOADING. ARMS.moneys for-.the] transportation of the army—for their318,857 98—16,719 730 04 otheis were willing to do so, if required by the de- herewith submit bis report, showing the reason of .his as another. I t is the practice and drill that make tb e afternoon. The relatives and friends of the family are respectto five per cent. To this proposition no response hasproposition^no_responsehas oftheDepartment,markedfromAtoL,containade- lated^partsoftheMississippivalleytothePacificcoast' suTelywillthebreech-loadinggunidriveoutofuse GOODRICH—AtAstoria,LongIsland,onMonday,Dec3,Mary.v..-to this last clasa of bidders is $1,099,000..The question presents itself, what action shall beyear.The general operations of the Troasury Department,service there. I took active measures to have a road constructed, with the appropriations for that purpose, from Port Walla-Walla, on the Oregon River, acrossceremonies and buriaL ' •GREEN—In West Bloomfield, N, J., on Tuesday. Dee. 4, Emily.. ,-•'••i.•• ..;EXPLORATIONS.feited ? There is no power in the Department, as' the satisfactory character. The country had graduallv re- the mountain ranges, to Fort Benton, on the head of During the laot four years explorations have made Ann, only dauglhiter of Richard aand Elizabeth "thatCongressshouldimmediatelyauthorizetheDe-partment to dispose of this stock upon the best possiblet e r m s , h o l d i n g t h e d e f a u l t i n g b i d d e r s r e s p o n s i b l e f o r t h eprosperousconditionwasfeltintherelief thereby afforded to the public finances. Until within a short p e r i o d , I h a d c o n f i d e n t l y e x p e c t e d t o p r e s e n t t o C o n -detachmentofrecruits,amoiintingto300men,em- barked at St. Louis on tho 3d day of May, on two s t e a m b o a t s o f l i g h t d r a u g h t , a n d w i t h a l l t h e n e c e s s a r ythe Treasury demand prompt action on this subject. 1sult, however, has been brought about by causes which conld not be foreseen, and if foreseen, could not have beenavertedbyanyactionoftbeDepartment.,of Representatives.REPORT O F T H E SECRETARY O F W A R . WARDEPARTMENT,Dec.3:1860.SIR: The anthorizedand actual strength of the Army remains substantially the same as last year. "In con- formity with the policy which I announced to you iayearB, as the water was very low from failure of rainsin the Spring, and of the usual quantity of snow duringextraordinary character of its surface.- Further north, they have resulted in the establish-County Kildare, Ireland, in the 88th year of her age, JOHNSTON—In this city, oh Tuesday, Dec 3, Gould, infant sonofThos.B.andSarah H.JohnRton,aged4month*and25since my last annual report, have been of the mostthe stock can now be negotiated. The necessities of financial condition of the Government. A differeut re- Ihe season was the least propitious of any. for some latitude, across which roads are impracticable from the HA YTQN—In this city, Mrs. Mary Hayton," a native of Albridge,HOWELL COBB, Secretary of tho Treasury. Hon. WILLIAM PK^XIXSTOX, Speaker of the HouseA. Keane, aged 38 years. ' .day of July, without any material hiuderance, and took tlements in the interior. They have opened a new , His friends and those of his brother James, and brother-in-law,the Pacific. - . . . .paigns of the greatest activityl This year the Army derness country, with no great additional expense In each, division of country explored, the general, Moulin of Morrisania, after a short but severe illness.hasbeenconstantlyinthefieldanduponanactivewar: • - •*quillity, and relieved from all apprehension of invasion has demonstrated the important fact that this line ofThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited te attend the funeral on "Wednesday, Dec 5, at 2,p. m., from bis late residence, No. 48 Rivington street.NUGENT—In Brooklyn, on Sunday evening, Dec 2, KateM.t!Theseimportant movements have notmade withoutmuchtoilandfatigue;andwhilelookingmainlytodefenses upon the Rio Grande, a n important, considera-tion was also to hold in check the Comanche Indianaof that frontier, eiiu to protect the settlements fromtheir marauding, parties. T h e hostilities of last yearwith the Kiowa and Comanche Indians, upon the head sum of money spent upon the removal of obstacles from usual course, except that the course of study and dis- at S t Philip's Church to-day (Wednesday), 5th. T h e congre- waters of the Arkansas and the Canadian,, have not yet the Missouri River, and some .additional expenditure cipline has been extended from four years to five. gation are invited to attend."been_brought to a close. A very active campaign has on the road, this line would constitute a most valuable This was considered at the time to be necessary, ST. JOHN—On Tuesday, Dec 4, Sarah Ann, wife of Charles C.the Indians have been very daring and numerous, a n dlation. I t is mountainous, but the climate is salubriousIndiana come down in large canoes, which carry fromThe Pa-Utes, a powerful tribe of warlike Indians about the region of Carson Valley, in the Territory of Utah, broke out into hostility to the whites, very sud-denly, this Summer, a n d committed many atrocious murders. A.party of volunteers from the vicinity of Washoe silver mines was organized, under tbe com- mand of Mr. Ormsby, for pursuit. T h e Indians, w h o were very numerous, succeeded in drawing this party intoanambuscade,drivingthemback withconsidera- ble loss. Among the killed in that unfortunate affair was. the leader, Mr.vOrmsby, himself. This incident created great excitement and alarm throughout all the mining country of Carson Valley, then rapidly filling up from t h e flattering reports of rich silver deposits there, and it became necessaryto send a sufficient force there promptly to chastise the Indiana and restore quiet and confidence among the inhabitanta.Before, however, the United Statea troops could reach tho spot, the people of the country determined to organize a force of sufficient strength to pursue and chas- tise effectually t h e savages. A few days were auffi- cient for the purpose, and a considerable body of active, daring, enterprising men rallied under the command of the celebrated Texan Ranger, Col.J. C. Hays,and, after equipping themselves as best they could, they setstructive information. Indeed, it is only through these reportB that a n exact and detailed account of all opera- tions for the year can be thoroughly understood. T h e information contained in these reports will amply repaySchooners—Helen (Br.), Roberts, Charlottctown, C. H . Trum- bull; Burdctt Hart, Hardy, Deals Island, I. B. Gager-, New-York, Goockell. Boston, Dayton it Co.Sloop—Wm. Penn, Terry, Westport, master.••merciai business of the country that the present sail out in pursuit of the Indians. At no great distance•fee.Si vesselsoftherevenueservice,howeverwelltheywereovertakenbythesevolunteers,inconjunc--ofthoseservingthem.Arrangementshavebeenor- Schr.MarthaS.Skinner,\Veeks,New-BedfordforNew-Smyr-673,192 21 in gold, and $3,152,437 15 in silver; and withdrawn from active operations in the field, a largeIMannter*, & e .i lviug offth<- Battery, sprang a leak, and made 3.000 strofcOsj • ,that the coinage during the; same period was $<«,44/,-,rr'M'"". T'IOT i*v» orv^fivi ni""' ;•"''' flu*'" •w»l?fi'f\* ui'j'W£L ftl'c£Ctt]v'fl}c^ ;«2d;jui"vof them rn<.:HcrQ<!. Effi-Untitled Documentconcentratebythisline in the courseof three,orat •most'fourmonths,onthePacific,astrongerforcethan could be put there by any other power in the space ofIncidentally, valuable contributions have been made to several department8 of 8cience. •'-.*Richmond.ROUSETT—The funeral of Mrs. Julia A. Rousett will take placea year, or probably a much longer time..This route, for military purposes, deserves the foster-WEST POINT.QUINN—In this city. on Monday, Dec. 3, of consumption, Mary, daughter of Peter aud Mary Quinn, in the 18Ux year of her ageing care of Congress, and with comparatively a smallThe Military Academy has been progressing in itsbeen'oarried on against them,and they have been met andchftstised on several occasions. I n one of these engage-ments, toward the head-waters of the Republican Fork to the Pacific. It may be.fairly doubted whether anyof Kansas River, a large body of these Indians was en-countered by Captain Sturgis of the First Cavalry, andseverely chastised. They have been broken and dis- lery, horses, and. munitions of war, to the Pacific in so the Summer, but did not, I believe, bring their labors to WHITMORE—On Tuesday morning, Dec. 4, after a protractedimprovement, second only, and hardly second for mili- tary purposes, to any of the projected lines of railroads•means of transportation whatever would be capable of conveying a very large army, with its baggage, artil-SCOFIELD—In this city, o n Monday, D e c Scofield, in the 68th year of her age3, Mrs.Elizabethfar been brought to notice. The procurement of aquarters are all Comfortable for the troops, and the shel- tering is excellent for all the horses. Great credit is due to this officer for his energy, activity, and economy,The Indians were veiy powerful in numbers andstrong in position, and were assisted greatly, if notcommanded, by white men. But the practiced eye of not be eftected without authority of law or a specialthe cool and daring leader enabled him to lead the as- appropriation, in consequence of the prohibition of the in constructing this post, which, in the present state ofsault with such skill that the vastly superior numberof the Indians availed them nothing. They were drivenfrom" their strong position after a severe conflict, a n d ,finally, p u t t o complete rout. The Indians dispersedproper supply of the projectiles is essential, but it can-kins. I t amounts to the sum of two hundred dollars,settlers. I send herewith tho report of this expedition, the highest state of efficiency of which it seems now any authority of law to refund him this money, I Schr, R . F . Stockton, Cramer, Virginia, oysters for Fairhaven*referred to, an increase of their pay was recommended,and, in my opinion, it should be promptly carried out, furnished bv Col. Hays to the Governor of Utah, and 8U8cepUble. These experiments have, of courae, been ahould^without hesitation, have given the order for it; Schr. M. Collins, Cramer, Alexandria 2 days, cotd.as an act of simple justice"to a worthy classlof public officers. ' "by him Bent to this Department. Great credit is due to this gallant officer and the men under his command, for this timely and efficient defense of the inhabitantsattended with some expense, but so small as to be in-significant in comparison with their benefita to themilitary service, or with the amounts of expenditureaby foreign governments for the same objects, without,it is confidently believed, the attainment of as valuableresults. Aa there waajuo special appropriation for theexperiments, the expenaea necessarily attending then*prosecutionhavebeendefrayedfromgeneralappropri-ations for the service of the Ordnance Department,principally from which w a s estimated to cover inci-dental expenses of th e Ordnance Service. An appro-priation of about $50,000 for experiments for the im-provementofarmsandmilitarysupplies is highlyde- tachedfroinit entirely, andsubject totheorders and sirable, and there is no doubt that such appliaation. of direction of another Department, almost exclusively. that amount, or as much of it as may be needed for• th The War'Department should settle and adjust its ow purpose, would be a profitable expenditure. T h e l a w , accounts fully and entirely; a u d i t iB enough that t h e before referred to, winch prohibits the purchase of any. ,>,In each of my former annual reports I called the a t - of that remote portion of our territory. The Unitedtention of Congress to the provisions of the act of March 3,1857, on the subject of deposits by the dis- bursing agents o f the government. T h e impossibilityStates troops, after a very rapid and every way credit- able march, reached the neighborhood of these transac- tions just in time to engage in and do good service in theaction,and,jbytheirpresence afterward, effectu- ally to quell every symptom of hostility among the In- dians. The interest and numbers of oiir citizensin that region were deemed by the commanding officer of the Department of sufficient importance to require* the establishmentofamilitarypost there, which hasac-• cordingly been done. ; ,.,I The Snake Indians in Washington Territory, on tho road recently opened from FortBridgcr to Fort WalhvWolla, have been-hoatile during tho past season; and althoughacampaign wasundertaken andprosecuted with vigor againat them, it did not result in reducing them to subordination. Since the troops b'avefwentranemitted.. >'patented invention, is too general and comprehensivein itstenns,|embarra88eB the operations of the War De-partment, and is, i n some respects, injurious to thomilitary service, both a s regards t h e army, and themendatioiw which I have heretofore laid before Con- grsen-.. 2M ':t :• ; • : s m o LIXCOLN, Hopkins," from Elizabethporrfor Bostou,Itis,therefore,recommended-thatthelawbeso amendedastoexceptfromtheprohibitionsucharmsor j ^theWinteramong theRockyMountainrange. But,,notwithstanding this, disadvantage, the expedition Salt Lake City, and in ascertaining the impractibility days.X/nection wifh military operations and the emigration tofever,EdwardDallam,sonofRobertM.andElizabethC. Lockwood.coast,inthesettlement of thecountry,andinthede- velopment of its resources.aged92years. .r,' HJs relatives oxd friends are respectfully invited, to attend h is funeralon.Wednesday,at1o'clock,fromSt.Andrew'sChur^KSTEAMER JP0R PUGET S SOUND.inst., from her late residence No. 162 Henry street.I refer particularly to the reports from the differentbureaus for a great deal of very interesting and in- Jaffa (Br.), Robinson, Halifax, J. S. Whitney.forthebetterdefenseofthedifferent Territoriesand Steamship7'lnomasSwann,Ramsey,Portland,mdse,andpass,affairs in that region, is a very important one.I call attention to a sum of money paid by Brevet Brig- adier-GenoralTotten, Chief of the Corps of Engineers,. Schr. E . H. Parker. Parker. Virginia i days, wood. Schr. O. P . Eiuns, Cook, Virginia 3 days, wood.Schr. M. C. Town. Lathrop, Virginia Jdays, wood. Schr. Avon, Woodmanaon, Virginia 3 days, wood. - Schr. L . P . Pharo, Cramer, Alexandria 2 days, co&L Schr. S. Eddy, Patten, Baltimore 2 days. coaLsincerallied or given much cause for uneasiness to the sirable, if not necessary, for placing our artillery ia and ought to he refunded, to him. If there had been Schr. Estefle, Pandleton, Virginia, oysters for New-Haven. I j'but I could find no authority for it, and therefore refer the subject to Congress, that they m ay authorize its payment. The circumstances under which he advanced the money will fully appear from papers, herewithSchr.Angeline Van Clear, Lemon, Alexandria 3 days' coaL "' Schr. Madonna, Conklin, Now-Haven for Elizabethport.Schr. S . Brainerd, Hulse, Portland 2 days, stone.Schr. A . Pharo, Allen, New-Haven 2 days.Schr. T . Deputy, Carroll, New-Havon 2 days,Schr. H. W . Benedict, Ellison, New-Haven 1 days.Steamer Ironsides, Vaudeveer, Philadelphia, mdse. to J. i t N .Briggs.Steamer Concord, Norman, Philadelphia, mdse. to Loper kKirkpatrick. ' ' ' 'Steamer Penguin, Williams, Providence, mdse. to I. Odcll. BELOW—The 3-masted schr. Cordelia (before reported), from 1Gltwgow, is still below. ' , ' • > ' ... SAILED—Steamships John Bell, Glasgow, and anobored atACCOUNTING OFFICER.Clarke,D.D.,SamuelHutchinsHurdofChariestown,Mast., d1TvBJ.& v» fe^^Jlr** -«Afe"L«* * <•;Brigs—W. H . Park, Adams, Portland, H . D. Brookman & Co. JCpyler, Crocker, Savannah, mdse. and pass. toH.B.CromwelliiCo. » '-Quarantine; Jamestown, Norfolk, &c WIND—Duriii?theday,N.E.;snowandrain.By .Telegrapii. .. ! .......'• —• ;. •••:.'«W&3£?j!S*$£gLday Nov.26,bythe Rev.Wm.Rnssell, Mr.Bailey Wheeler•!•of Dover, N. Y., to Mi*g Juliette, daughter of Delazon Hanger- |& §5.'•ii ••'•.< i&Berry»* ." Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069§www.fultonhistory.com.,,: ..•.^/:;t/WJ•yf.-^. j• . ,. . — 