 HiS^ Wtbe iimumerable caricatures which areofgreat good,VganiMtion,every one thu Napolios, if he doe* not exactly or other influence, in the interest of France. The thaler, (about $1 12,) and seemed determined to pieoe of grotmdCoAt.taAa.lcVsotw^se,e^Savannah, Jo'hn Gn«fe>scottata,_TaBTO- tfieet..hands.towns of 1856 aregetting9gttpptcmettt ta the yeio-gork Simee, 0ttfttrbag; Irnie 80, i860c<pital;EVlOPEiH CORRESFO.VDENCE. know tbe tenacity wi»h which the English ;.>ld ou tmnct, in Ibis matter, aa in so many otherv, mast ing and the ballroom was filled -wuh activeDOMESTJC C0KRK8P0JSDERCE. CBOJt KKWPOKT.mG. p. Jens. New- Y«rk, EdwarJ H»- Kiac's haosg,the Walls of Paris thecome In on the excursion boats, of which the beauti- fnl Narragansett Bay la so the Suia-R.LBJ01 KiajuLT, New-York, Wm. B Cvh^auBaeo'ea hosse, MiddletowD.has been fulfilled, and to-day theselovely region, surrounding scenery,VRANCB.the inten- The circum- attachi to re- here, gives opportunity for the suggestioa thatcouples tUI 1 o'clock A. K., when the police, rep-The Faraal AmexsUan at 8kt«t «•' Nice toFrmBce—Ike Cenfereaee at Baden—Iioals nolEtand alone. MaLakcpp.wasyNew-York, the TUley Estate, MM- Celebrate81.Jean'aDay—Oraclaaaad ^•.Banw^,New-York,Hezianl'sboose,BtilenaNap«lc«B>> Trinnpka.From Ou Own OoirMpondnt.Paxu. Thanday, Jane 14, teen.Thla has been a proud day for Louis Napo-\xov- He has had many sach daysproud the day of hia nugnificent reception by theafter his return from Bordeaux in 1352 waa proiid the day he received aa a guest within'The SneciBS af Gartlwldi—Sympathy afthe Italian People—A Romiak CoDspIracy toof England the day he made his en ry into Milanhaaghty QueenBATARIA.he waaafter Hagenta, a victorious Generalmore solid basis for his pride of to-day than is fooad in any of these. The last formality in the act of aonezation of Savoy and Nice to Francetogivewere treated to a fete and a general rejoicing. A grand Te Deum waa held in the morning at Notre Mfine, in the piesence of the official bodies of State. IntheafternoontheEmperorandEmpresscame to town from Fbntaiaeblean.-and a review ofand thethronged dartagNewYotk. Mrs. Peckh"a~m"'»s,. Ww«t^- F, F BaxsBoB, New-Tork, Cook's hcuie. aa Kmwand Bull streets.Mra T. 8. Gibbs. Newtage, Beljevue-avenae.jAiosBath road. ^ hoase, e«o=t"a"a•r asfproudaccidental explosion of a bundle of smallmer season.AceonUngtoMasonic tradttlog. tklsJoBiiR.Poan, honse Beactaroad.are lawfoUy taken possession of by France. In orderin theeven the aris-half-Sorins,) staring'vest,doe solemnity to the event, the Parisianspasteboard,to the honor uf theAccepted wedding Masons." A lottery for riilslng $2,400 was grsLtedRanriiAanaa, New-Tork, Eugclei' cott—a»c-e».thousand men took oo tbe Champa de placecot-t^aa-ai,sixtyMars, made op from the Xational Gnard of Taris,Palace in the centre of the The Capital—is knownpridein American success andembracea oftbe great manyportion of citizens.W.W.DsFouar,New-Tork,Weaverhouse.Bona Toaro-streetGreen's house. Mlddla-tbe Imperial Guard, and the ordinary garrison of the town. It was the first time the Emperor had reviewed the National Guard since he was Presi- dent 01 the Bepublic, and the first time since then thaf the whole Guard had been called under arms.Bat this was an occasion on which every French-manrol^ht manifestalaudable prideoccasion on which parties might well be forgottenof the common famUytocratic Faubourg St. Germain could not remainJotHia Post, New-Yo.k, Mrs. Fassett's eoU a^*joys;Southampton and,EUivre, carryingfirst class*Mabsbau WaoBS, Providence^ TtSuy's cottaae. Bt-llevue-Mvenue.Mr. Warrvui., Boston, Mrs. Morray's faooie, Pal- hsmstreet.to the public joy, and failed to show its ordinary malevolence. True, it was the adven- turer of Strasbourg and Bologne,the^an)enu mon-ignorance,WooDsoaT, of the Unitarian denoadnation. Providence. The oratorinsensible,excepttheIgnoranceWfvirtue.arch, who had accomplished this great work then the French are a united aad abut^oFirst the oratar showed the universality of the facts, that character has morePanrois, New-Orleans, A. T. Tatk-OB all subjects foreign to their dynastic quarrels,greaterGreeroogh-place.and tbe return of Savoy and Nice to their old fi^- side nnder the French flag, was no occasion to re- vive dynastic disputes. Tbe advanced inRoyalNaples,out of the ex-corner of don'tEt&TDs CoaaiBa, Albany, Hazzard's cottaae. Kar- stieet.parties politics had on t^eir side a double cause for rejoic- ing, for the; not only abared in the common joy at the annexation, but in tbe manner of the annexa-outfarthing" collections for the Holy Father,T. JxrrxBSOB CooLZBaa, Dr. Hlll-tion a great principle—that of the right of a peo-Butcasnot be run successfully vrithout Gov- enmientsidi and the Government of Great Britainnever have had the almostof tbe ocean steamship business, actlnjr even as American mall carriers, and keeping, up a regularEdvau Hoxull, PUladel^a. CapU Littlefield's,Peioam-stjeetMr. Eiuon, Hartford, Hazsanl's hoose, Dlzoa- lane.C. H. Mian, Boston, MUton Hall's houae, Toaia- street.to choose their own —had been ac- nationality{th6off a hat to thenotice to the Holy Virgin, or talking loud againstproducerecUtude ofpleknowledged and consecrated. A precedent was thus established which must be prolific of great re. suits in the fnture, for the act is on record and cannot be repudiated. The feli of to-day was thus a day of rejoicing for a united and happy people.It was therefore a feeling of laudable exultation which animated tbe face of Louis Napoleon as he roce up and down the parade.ground, in pres- eiice f' the cheering masses of citizen soldiery, forcould,enllre monopolyai-d human intercourse. And In thisgiven this beantlfui traba of thought,—that this ttiree- fold cord umtes In Brotherhood,—the dream of theout he decide on. any foreign policy mayvoluntarily lay down their arms and return to and obedience.farmer over this river."Is she pretty ?" wefreighteccnd voyage takhig out 400 passengers, $1,250,000veryLine last Sixty thousand ta^n drawn up on asevenwill just almut payfidd seven-eighths of a mile tonand two-thirdsCathsrine-Btreet. vited guests amount to more than a hundred and I will now give jou the figures of our trip out to sonic dinner ever prepared In ROode Island. The stieetof a mile wide, makeplay an air of solidity which the ordinary displays «ftheregularservicedonotpresent. Thisfactin which the militia ceuld show itself in a mass barked atalways ordinary spectators.singular to five hundred or more Irancs. The But tbe Nationalinterest toGuard, with their blue uniform, trimmed with red and white, and their large persons, gave the dis-very able and well-known Prof. Amazi, hiouelf a Sicilian, is made the chief agent here in Tuscany for the care of all funds collected for the cause. But not on'y is mohey given, there are enough men, also;the day, being now almost over, may be said to have passed off in great style.were presented, re- hashed out of those of a dozen yean back, one o'Island, Excellency'noisyfollowingletter from his :Mrs. DxBiois, Portland, Redwood-SIreel.Mrs.wasremarked andit is not by every one,ready to go and take partii.. thfestruggle againstIlookedoutofthewindowwithafeelingoflively whosewiththeexceptionlargest oftheGreatafloat, Eastern, which weHon.Wm.WaiGBT,New-Jersey, W.M.HniCh^- la, Touro-B'teet.perhaps to be regretted that an occasion was thus offeredOiaa SiBday's about six hundred from Tuscany have em- wedding morn was ushered in by a steady-pouring Cowes, and Is as solidly built as a war-ship. The of Rhode Island wiu ceieoratethelraporoacnlogaam- Bam Ruad.eral fqfeigners, Bussian and German. The divis- regiments, the same that did such effectual service "along as smoothly and oa as even a keel as a~&ieam«rWe had oneon the Hudson. eoly day of roagh sea—not very rougt;, but sufficiently sp to have required table racks on most othcir ships-but with-.us a wine-would not have slidden from a smoothand t>ie Committee lor the courtesy, I am,WM. SPRitGUE.'' theie cannot be much difl-ereoce of opinion. ThereJiteAugust.with a dense fog.Weconsequently, on the latterHalegnanoSolferino, tookjustMr. NivTon, of theto athe weather. Jane his beenof hisdutyas is measure of anyand Italy,and which has partin"never was a more propitlo^ opening of the '^asoB,atreturned frommen appeared on parade in their campaign equip-ment. The Empress arrived on the ground withthe Grand Duchess of Makia,Russia, daughter ofe^ry are The nicest vegetablesthe the tables,the late Czar Nicholas, at her side. The;cf the occasion, to the Island upon whose shores he landed bat three week's back, a bold butpeasants oiily—>=.« »jr York, Mrs. Burdlek's e^st^-brilliant populationIn specie, andrespondence,haps give the Company six per cent, a year for theirInvestment. And this, In the Europeen traveling ticket, who seemed, however, to appreciate the en,tsie,RoaxBi SKrm, PhUadelphia,' Mta. Ka«^aa' «aaa--Moaiford BU-' Hazzaid^a show of;foiia a sort of centre of Americanplacingtubes, while the someearly morning,Mand*v, June 25, 1860. Tiwut.AcooJBMTMB Fprovinces" character. The tlUe of the first lodge was TaeMaster Wardens and of Free aad SooiefyDixos Laiesnd Clay •jeets.;the Adrietic, Baltic and jttJimtte—and have initiated aproceededhe wasdiplomatically, at least toever sincestrreiiBelle rue-ar*BjaaoBT. New-York,but he has aScenerrar Bararia—Saelal Charaeteristlra —Wedding Cercmaatea.Gorretpondenee ttf the New-York TinuM,EsisHinsiH- oa-THi-IzAB, Tuetday, U»y 2f I860. ,added to the But I have dwelt long enough upon this curiousit was andivisions of the Kingdom.,— Railroad, now own tbe ^ree ships of this lineto tae Baptin Church, where religious services wereArmstrong's hoaae, Clay-compact peopleunsophisticated chil- dren, except touch their'pockets. 'The first effect and the of the awakened spirit of the age, in this retiredEzBi A James 0. Bouaax, Boston,one,The people in this part of Italy are by no means asked of tbe landlady in the Jalley the other day. "thousand dollars wartb ofV>r-Tomo-street.;can do with her anythinghas been successful—but vritbDat a sub eminentlybeNewportcelebration to-day, inR"a?h"ew"v7n":ofandTHE DDnmgroundthey partupon lancy,Louis Napoleon or France.genciesRoyal suddenover themoralwealthy and respectableon wbichhave once put toeir feet. of England to take po«- about a waras no one ean'fathom ;W«.WuJii,»ew.Tork, liw "Fiye BHata,' Toui»*<r«et; rpposfle Tooro Park,'0Anv attempt on thesec'eloo ot the island, would bringwith Prance, and a war in which Prance wouldlivetions of ktance of cbe sideforetokens a final fall.take advantage of it, and followwill not fail towider field.now indulges towards theThe contrast betweenDiamines,TheknaveryoftheKingwasevenexceededBaltimore,Cottaaa,rests the of his Cov- his weakness and folly, in sending his General, stabilitythe It is th" Pentecostal season, and the fre-Dr. SAniBLXB, IT. 8. A., B. Hazzard's. BeUevae- street.Jambs W. Paci, Philadelphia, Rlebaidsoa'a eat- tage. Cottage- street.afterIf he has not at last conquered the loveobservingupon 1 ^ • se,ert mt^i.,.ana n>|( ct of the National Guard, he has at leastconqueied their neutrality, which is a fair equiva- tion, railroads and other long-prayed-for publicall,leot, and assures him a guarantee of peace and Security at home which will enable him to carryLa> ZA, to tbe Island, when the insurrection was natives. at the point of triumph, with offers of a Constitu- quencyjonmals,bycommercialCommitteesofthe Italian to outside patriots sayITAI<Y.Dinaer—Nawtoaaadthe"AtlaBtic"—FlracArrlTals-ImpraTeairDtBar the Redtread— CcrreciedI,l>tefHamaierCaitafeiiRearedHe is now master of many resources in treasure, in men, and in'the confidence of success which is every- where increasing; both in the Island and on the main. Soldiers of the Royal troops are also joinmg the. National Standard. The demonstrations which have already been made inyieldingby no means reckless adventure.andI but echo the motto which the Oastie gardenershow that it cannot be longtr)idleness, low range of desires, andSeeand Tavage af (tae AdrlaUe. eorretfotutenet of the Nete- tork 7\mes.Lossos, Saturcay, Jose 16, I860.All who takeAmerican superiority lo anv branch of navlitaUoD, or other of tbe more useful sciences, were mucb dr.-to Liverpool,17S9,H. V. Bcnjs, New Tork, J. A. Haszard^ A'laiitlc-sueet.the streets ofbefore the fire which is raging in the Island, will blaze out with tenible fury under the walls of theNaples,—with reUglous semcrs at Trinity Cfaarcb. The Masoiisarenowaaamaroosaiidqaite an important elementin society, and tbe various ordeis la Rhode IslandciA~t"taM«X»,Caft-lectual, thoughsent of the King, to the necessity of evacuating This is the old Bavarian stock.of General Lanza, with the con.— aca.Here the hardi- augmented by the ment to raise a barrier at the nearest and most im- solid and stolid self-importance of the Low-pre<redColui'S steamihip line,and have been anxiously looking for Its re establlth-mebt under more favorable auspice*. The North fromdlSerent parts of the State, to the aumber of boose. WetHter-street.Paleimo, and tbe concentration of the troops at Messins, make clear tbe intention of the Govern,old Bauer, with his high, heavy boots, long blue the fire with their broadcloth' coat, great 'silver buttons, (oftenfrom New-YorkDr. 8. T. Dr. WaaiiaB,portant points of communication between the (woland fanners and the rich ; thick-headed,'Atlantic under the Steamfhip Company,350, assembled at the old Masonic HaU, and theretheby Amer-M. W. BoBuiD, Boston, Mrs. Bmen's stcoe hn-ft BeUevue averoe.But it will beonly carryingNorthheld and antrace topa9ieDgers .only, specie and malls oat, and returning,with freight from Havre and parsengers and mallsfrom both points—but have, as yet, placed only one delivered a moat able and as It waschip, the Adriatie, In coihmlsslon. The experimentGxo. TtrriBT, BeUevue- avesse.Armstroaa'i^^ cott—awaef.heapederal nbo knew so well how to disembark his sol- di'^ts at Marsala will not find it difficult or impos- sible to throw them at the momentoKATiea' delivered by Bev. Brother.ADsnnustbe shores of Calabria. "is the motto of Gabibaldi, as it was of another great General. The consternation which we arefar as speed,.safety and -comfort are concernedpriate,JoBK Jcuusham's new bouse, Rhoce lalvnd-avenae.proper Conqueruponappro-Palace at sprungthat paid bytold reigns in thedivided counsels which haveisting panic, are evidences of a weakness which give awayimproveihents, and even a separate administrationunder a Prince of the if would Royal family, theynajily merry.'To.day the owner of the largest farm in theneighborhood married the daughter of a well-to-doProf. Patsi. tbe Catholic church organist, at the or- gan, the procession marched to tbe Fillmore House, where Haziaxd had a peculiar care of the health of bis guests in not giving them a lut ent^rtalnmentRoaaai WAisaa, Prorldenee, Hazzard's small oat- tase, Atlagtlc-sDeet '^Llent. V. S. A., Mrs. Tars', Ochaai- BimzBnzu>,s'-reet.W. fl, SaaroBD, Boston, C^>t. Devea's cott^e,The review itself was aattraetnl to the ground the wholethedty. TheNationalGuardoc|:upiedthepostofhonor; the Imperial Gnard came next, and the Committees are actively engaged in collecting ready and appreciating reply.''idlespectatorsof what isgoingon in!.givento a voracious set ofthe of the Bourbon powerandthe standard ot Gaei- rain. But, to my on to the elegance and spaciousness of her accommodutions-fur \ersar>of SuJohntne Baptist on Muaaay,me*.^tQuist-,Leghorn BALCi. There aretosurprise, descending with her numbers- of exiles and guests-room of the Inn. I found that this was passengers,E^BA HowABB. Providence, Barker's twose, la Mlddleiown.BAxaxsA's Summer house Is to be finished thejoin largeSIES, EUndos and Magitav, and by a numerous among those most ready to lend a helpitg hand to morial belief, "if it rains at the wedding, the pair suite of general officers, among which were sev- a cause which is one with that of thei^wn still will be rich."and alongside the regular service.saloon on decs piomenade deck of 300 feet In length, are i,ot sur-at Newport,and inviting me to oe present oa tnal occa sion. It would give me Jie greatest pleasure to par-Thepsaied by the Prince Napolion, Marshals P«lis. fugitives from Venetia here, and many of these are considered a good sign. According to an imme-Emperor,on this occasion, was acconi.and toIn advancement of the cause >ou have so mucti atwill t)e tbe mostof all the tea side -residences, costing upenemyup promptlyinlittle such service, asa concededfac.t that /lut Imes of firstclassNature, Science,Parity, Te'Lon stiert.at Sicilians, presentcorrespondenceMexico and the WestUnited States an immense. trade to which she Is en-prince.Within a fewdisappointmentsympathyfor thepair,had thepleasureofaeeingat anchor on ourarrival atAbtobioYzbaqa, New-Orieaas,Clarke'shoose.descended, to the music of the fiveHands off,'"9nd a fair field for ourselves in tne already mentioned, the romantic path to the beech- the review. The struggle. Let the Powers look on and wait, and woods, down to the eloister-church, whore thetheyLevites,intored and white, and the nuns all in a row, were glasstime, for the worst that may He has happen.in theirAugust.just instituted what is called a Committee of Publicesque, "are a neat, clean and well ordered room, agood table dance,) puffed sleeves, tart of tbe ninth day, being near land, had to stop tne and polite service, and here I have tbem all underSicily.the.Up-It IsJoBi.RAnowis,Albaay,powers is, hues,Orpheueescfet;.,Atlantic," gave a splendid dinwill witness new in red and gold, and two little exploits sufficiently brilliant piiest,to-aaylarge gatheringof Masonsand otbersa most delightful month,—bloomingwitii flowers, andof this French itmightnotbeabadplan,nowthatourGovern- o'clock.ment has raised our representative in Sardinia to the rank of full Minister, with provision for arusty time forreach A»a»Blnate Nap«|ean aad Qarlbsldl— sthere thfre is much more need of somebody, if o'clock, and theFtorentlneCarlcaiureSf&:c> From Our Own Oorrasponeent.not to us representweary musicians,nesr T.-uio anad Mill stJ "*""* <»»^ ow- .thisadd that the two firstMrs. A. G. TBAiia, Brookline, Mrs. Clark's hoose,Hemyes; six thousanU florias," was harexpensesper-Was^^.^ mouthi, at tl 25 aMrs. L. C. HaU Road.Eatoh, Provldenee,Johoaoa'scottagakthat these "of patriotism, are made of stuff worthy to be ready to receive them. The apperance of a day In question.short, pumps" (all readysendingsabre, warned the comoany that ithonest folks to retire. The bridal pair iefi at lU Aaaihar Gala Day—The naaoale Frateraltr dl^tc"i."'"1""'Secretary of Legation, that the latterbe fudctionary'**''-Yo*, Vernon's hoose; Clark.rauthoiizcd to establish himself in Florence,—e>rr«nx»<<«,/-< of Ike New- YorkstiMt.*"**"'iatelligence and proper person, qualified -night make himself)Mrs."•• »'• '^^ R«n.iel.ertsocial good understanding. A with such an office,of theRitchie's vOIa. rtll,.Iby the beauties of thewith also by the study of a people whose character, ia pairits mixture of roughness and mirthfulness, indus-prime aad vigor of commercial prosperity and of Intellectuallingerstill in thiswhose extent every day aids me to discover, and attractedcaused to be cut inand illuminatedF. W. Belltvue avenuo.and love ofconl^tment within those limitsdominance of the animal nature over the intel-notat once, to a German, under the name Alt Bayern.ness of the mountaineers isBxBBT TrrrABT, Baltimore, Mrs. Haroer's ataaa ^^florins orthe most combustible masses. The Gen- hair and low-crowned, broad-brimmed hat, is aBalttfflore, .own hands nearer to the shores which lie alongred man who combines all tbe virtues ofshort-cutHere, of course, tp^ population is exclusively and march on" Catholic. The Church, incarnate in the priest,beaotifol,on the form and substance of Mu-FosTii, Boston, Cbariet Sherman's hotue,HlB-quitethat the their kreutzers aai. what becomes of them.outward manl'estation*, and simple and com- as theChristendom,is',worthy formersgulden* with- The " Peter'tthan themontruth by which all organizations, instltatlons and es- tablishments must stand or faU. HistoryandLifehadIts fittlDglllastratloas.Truth and self-control, with Justice, Benevolenceknowmgviotories-Tvlready achieved by others still more per Bavaria, only amount to ten thousand dollars. ocean steamsiilpB, with the exception of the Ctllfor'.Klng-'t house, J. D. Dennis'HalUdeaThesmall, comparatively^ will entail a pctitive loss.any cheap piety—anyin the bell of the village church tolls as if for fire,brilliant, inthe iDflexible arrogance of the Sovereign, and hisheartless indifference to the welfare of his suffer-ingandpleadingsubjects,andthetoneofhumble theenemiesoftheChurch,theUpperBavarianis entreaty to preserve their loyalty which the King glad enough to manifest. Whenever, it thunders,BDd mntual combine to help,takingptiest,orpraying,at- shortand all theinhabitants crowd together, to pray forwere it not so solemn a mock- the preservation of themselves and their crops. titled by her closer' proximity to these countries, andIdeal of the Christian. Its ties extend over the con- tinents and beneath the seas. It warms the heartnationalawould beery, and the general situation, with all its uncer- Sundaysof successful defiance of his amusing,positiontainties, so oxiremely grave.authority,byjealonsies ofandholidays, they ge piouslyto eburchpas- animosities, sectional hatreds, theand dance and drinkin thepqualdevotion,all theafternoon andevening. Imorning,am here at a most favorable time forbeer,withstroysstrifes andtoken Slid thethat love wbich Is the spirit of the Kingdom of God,ofMay weather,combmes with theto make them more than ordi-After this fine oration, delivered wltn tbe most ac-complished grace, and some excellent singing by thePhilharmonic Society, with the somewhat famed DlxoS'Isne.holidaysbeauty^ofOn being awakened this morning by the salute of half a dozen pans of powder on the lawn,drew out theGov. SpaAODi : ToHenryF.Smith,Esq.,Committeein short, pre-Wm BitTTH, New-York, Hazzard's aiiie stri tt.the Oceanion of the brave Gen. Bozaine, consisting of four means ol all sorts, are pouring into Sicily, and all by silk and cotton umbrellas of all conceivable her. In passably moderate weather -the ship moves ibe happiness of all its memuers, and thinking yoa mer. and to take the great ttirong of fasbionaDle life,enslavedprovince.Men,money,amti<Gmtion and.At 10 o'clock, the bridalprocession, protectedmt nts to improvethem aftertheywerebest wishes for the contmued prosperity and useful first put into mss of the M. W. Giand Lodge of Raode Island, andFromAtchisontothispointthetions of the country. His policy is.to augment the thority there, of persons charged with connection dignity which roughness often brings. Many a tively slow running, on ^-accoimt of tne headag of pearance and comfoTt of this celebrated and much line ot packets from that point, where the Road te(-give energyopera-Of theEmpirehighestand his thorough knowledge of affairs teaches him that whatever he can do himself to-prosperitypolxon and Gen. Gabibaloi. to the been she. The school let out for a According beingexception of one small lot, froin which in an expendi- ture of 130 tons In the twenty-four hours, 34 tons of cinders were taken out. when there should have been but 10 ions.Mile-.To 12 o'clock June 3 260 To 12 o'clock June 8. 335just sent on an admirable portrait from the pencil ot: tonri, two miles below this point Tsklnr the steamerpointcoupleSir Taos. Lavbxsci, about 1790, taken of hisand benefactor, Mr. AsaiHAH HsDWOon, the grandson of tbe founder ol the Library. It was presented to;mtxi this end heRoman correspondent ol La Nazionc, of Flor- hours, in "honor of theoccasion, trottedpatron Des Moines, one of the two packets forming the ilae. at 5 A. M., we had the opportunity of seeing how theoughtnot to trust to otherence, the Prelacy is implicated in endeavoring todredbarefootedchildrenalong. Betweea Baooxs, Kansas Citv and Wyandott, near the ime bslweea%hetber he has ulterior views with regard toMUcs.tbe Redwoodthe medium of Sydsxtpaperperor of France. And no late movement of this monarch has produced more varied or more oppo-than have been rented to thisParkvllle and Grand River Railroad, which Is nowaite emotions than this one. Intion of those said to be implicated.Among the means of amusement which thecovered both their hands with the sacred stole' hours' lost time when hove to for a pUoU F. W. R.corrected list of all that have t>een disppeed of to the the road infoimed me that the day^prerloaa I.MOaz- present dale, which amounts to ninety-one. Most o tra hands had been placed upon the road, and thethese are to be occupied by persons from New- YorkAustria it is ap- preciated in one manner, in England in another,they were mann undFlorentines enjoy under the new order of things, longer than my account does. The guests gotbut both derive the same conclusions trom theirand cities south of New-and but^jontractors have agreed tofint of December next The entire route, SO oUlaalong,— appreciations towit,war."but the Herr Pastor takes aTaThere isCity,few from tbe Eastern States.York,very takesof Portugal, the Kings of of Wur- Dukes. The Pope and the fighting priests at ody gave utterance to several waltzes and jigs in end. We are servants of the State<U citizens, not as htiin's East -house, Beach-road.jKJDt :^varia,of Hanover, and the Rome, with Lamosicicbb and Ahtohklli at their the middle ol service, just to remind the weary eltrgrmenMow a Idll-side. farther ws/teatorg, reigfning Princes of'-J .-many of the German States have either met Na- head, and that regal priest of despotism, the now worshippers of the good time coming.tt eoaaiati of a dozen or so dllaptdatad hooses, ssattaiadPOLXOR beyond the French frontier, or beentows la KawithinthewallsofParis. Butthese views neither prevent war nor consolidate peacegqestsmarriages depends on the reports of an unlimitednumber of agents—the 'ministers of religion Jn thisWm. Smith's cottage, oa Kav-street.they serve a temporary purpose, and t^the public of their utility. For a sovereign whounites in his own person allof the State, these interviews are as mnch apartgreat City. Whounlesstate,nearTouroPark.be whjch signshis name.with decrees relative toon civil grounds, and allow no marriage,however solemnlied, te'be legal until authorized by tage, on Bellevae-av»nuescrambleSat offices for the newway to drink the so-calledLove-tcine" trom thetbe civilI believe that 14°. Bstsun is mistaken in ttilnkingthat church records are not testimony in our ClvU "Bhv View."would do honor to Washhigton. The new Prov.SprlDg.st'feuthen, for tbere laTiot over twenty bnlldlags iattiincas are divided into threeDepartments, carryingJensWiiisTi,New-Xcrk, Wm. H. Jones' house,l-.ottBe,Fi'e miles up, w7passed Welmar-ttreoand weoan>e tolxatta.MB..the number of in France from 86 Departments to89. Tbe new ones will be called Upper Savoy,Lower Savoy and Maritime The seat of Alps,the Prafeetnre of Police will be, in the first, atMrs Bttiae, New-York- Geo-ge J. Ball', 'sto let Flvemllesagaln, we 8aa- another paper town. FoUi miles up, passedner, seirir«ttact 6I1 mUes brought astoAuh-; in the second, at ChamfaerythM, atS^e. A part of the Department of Yar wiUb!* aMad-to that of the Maritime Alps.importantgoingprestige of legiUmacy, both eccleaaatical and close carriage to the ina, where the feast cbnrchei, to fsid the particular rsRister be needs ! BiBj- Wmraao?, New- York, Joseph Te-«s' coMtfe, Fr(e State Emigrant Aid Sonet>-, and the lattarwaaAnnaeyaad in thewhere Is a searcher afteV the evidence of amarriage to kiow where, among such a multitude of John street.of Atchison are Gen. Pombbst aad Mr. J^siL. The former. In 1856, was agaat lor theWanwDt, thajr will be better able to direct their atten-loyal.APreslcent of tl^ Blue Lodgethoef sdaiemaBorder RofianBd. bA occupied platform-Savoy"country can it do its work to better than and groom got three swallows each, the fest only purpoee,in this leng slumbering, but now reawakened, 1 one.Italy. The Italians have reason to thank the ia- On coming out of church, each guest was obliged Courts. They we (if I rememb«r rigtitl>) not abso- on Main Road. Miodktown.-'Klckapoo, voted ta sach iiamb«» cB«B»it,a»<i other yrmr menload off the miads'of the Sardinian Govem-U. HcCall, Philadelphia, Derby's ootlage, Pelhaai- street.Now they each vialna wlm tae (poke frria the sama stand,tion to their intemMSnrely, a mortgage on the per-Mis. H. E. CttBs. Hazzard's house. DizoB'a-laaa.other in his Mideavais to promote Intsmal laip*ov»- to their noowioos tmttad.and to the events that are pssaing in Sicily. It is evident totbat the Bourbon is to be lefttlon in the journalsin this part of luly. The ophiionaOur law Is a ssrious atinoy- ptessatthehad landedTwa '1KigHshtroopsatpurely speculative,and haveprobably no bettertemation ofhearty eatingdown wiih OS aa bis rotors fiaaaboarsrtmbreught osto Wyaadtut. Darvfoara^snbjecta.and violent exercise, thecot-and Departmentsfriends. There is no more convenient or effectivemeans for dispelling regal and sacerdotal, not lessthan. social iUuaions, than ridicule, and in no consecrated goblet, held by the priest. The bride County Clerk, or other appointed officer.;Bwldes,Nice. TheAbtbcb BaoasoB. New- York, Geor^*^ Jonfs' villa, Touro stieet, opposite t^*• Ocean lU-ai-eR. J. DiLLOH, Nen-Vork, Beuy Uice's house, in 1857. This towrvtnust have decayed rajldly ^eareport that Palotmo, to oc-,his inter-satisfiesdetect the delinquents,really very effective, fun. The doora ot fifty shops change, to accommodate those who had no far the ArchbliboD t The $50 penalty will scarcely an- avenue.the the,important powers where thethebut the sexton went around first withsmallframes line each side of thestreata,Hka;Natchez, Miss., thehouse, on Catbeilne-itrect and Rhode Island-passes but a new squib comes hissing and sput- a piece of money in a plate for the Virgin (or the teringagainstthehead.ofpriestorpotentate,andnewbride,Idon'tknowwhich!) Thefactthatriver are macadaffilxed lor two or (hiaepeople enjoy very heartilyharmless,copperwith them, and the-earncstness with which swer Itsbam'^cheap one-storjareand F-^Qi: IN drives a brisk trade with his leaves.youparson, youScaiaaiBHoaii, New-York,vVh.Edoax, U. S. N., Edward King's houseaid oo in thislend to the work which is nowThe happy pairwere now allowed, for the firstBarbecue ofremark. Tea featuie at this worthyprintscrowds,thingseach one kissed his pfenning before putting it inpurpose, cannot fine bun.nwonh, now nearly useless to GovernmentFourpublicutility toThe MoKiteuT of this morning is literally tilled children to laugh over, o^sends them to his hang on to their moneyCom.miles Is Weston, Mo., a bluffy town, poor lanataj,they country,attached to theand formedand that registry should'be In of a chargeSecretary,Turin, has reaentiy arrived in Florence for thefrom 121 till 8 oro'elock,validity,proper civil oflieer.Betwem the courses, tetCsn directly or tadirectly in the cootaat ; so nomy of Tr^oany, has caused some new specala- however, at rather after every ten aiinutes of in-Wyaiab^oatftiltDOk tbe saofcet KacksjmpatUae with Oamiauh, wiU at least not in- faot. In connection with the still preaerved auto- eat his money's worthcupT the citadel durlnff the •vacnatian. prodacad fbanitetlon Ihaa those which have so often before jolly guests passed the whole afternoon. Towards Itd serve. lan taDnaiise seosation at Paris for the ;Fr.ach mbeen indulged.tbe abaeoea ofthe thefact, juii night, daneinfseemed toprevailover th<-- eat-309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtag*, Kay-ttieet <,Incuriousfor untilseld, attractPater fafniluis canies them Jiome tor wife and the plate, show how tightly these worthy people!French Legation at pur-9the most diaracteristic part of the whole affair.^Then they filed out and in sgain, stopping on theslence. Seven milesown of where Hobaci Gtmir, JAaasBa-'up she has been in ea- and small for the number of yearsr^•ented by a small, blue-coated man vriib mThe Bauers dance in immensewhich their knees, and have soles three-quarters of an inch in thickness. There was a pause at 9def from Munich. There was great applause over the blue-lights, and Roman candles, and rockets;avenu?.""* ''•'"^'"*' H«»ard's cottage. Bellaraa:Hitobooox, New-York, Nathan Bather's EDvti.11 H GiLUiAa, New-Tort, aae of Edwardtowho had been rested on their Castle exhibited very creditable fireworks, which he had him-Newpert ta b« the Papalar liesart. Ati,aiitic HotTSK. NcirpOBT, )Mr. LaRoT New-York. Mr"s*. DeJooa's• baamm «i^gardenerGiP.iBALDi is rapidly becoming master of the useful to the large number of our country people aelf manufactured, having only obtained gnnpow- the annual festival of the Masonic Fraternity. Flans '"^ New York, Ryaa',*situation of which he and his patriotic Sicilians are the authors. Success follows every step, and the hero is now dicteticg laws, demanded by the exe-Fioaxsci, Tuesd«>, June 12, 18S0.has had anotherarefl;tog, anathe town Is fall of roa""*" coontry people,cousiantlyhere.ap.house. Balkserpents ^mong the enjoyment of the occasion.day became a festival In IJ41, and is intended to com-memorate the inltlatloo of St- John the Baptist Intoofcharmed and good-nature, gunpowder and beer. In closing,minglingparsimonyprodigality,ago, in 1759, when Newport was la theOns, New-Tork, Toae'sE. H. SoHuvaxBoaii, New-York, WUbor's oottaaetallow-candles,Tb.b.them by the General Assembly, to erect tfie Masoa'o house, Msnn-svenae."Geiwulluit, GlSek, wid tanfti Lthen.'Hall, and the first public celebration of the Order thatat the momentary failure of tbe msgnlficen^To-day la the.stxty-nintbaaTilvenaryorthe Festival of St. John. The Grand Lodge, Royal Aich MaaoDs, and St. John's Encampment of Kulgbts Templars,Perry-street.Presidency of Mr. WaiTiwaioiij, Vice-President of the Panamaformed an Imposingican Brass Band of Providence, andvenUon from Congress of equal amoimt at least topower than external force—that the soul Itwith all of SoutoHzBBT E. PoxazpOBT, Brooklyn, N.Y., Mrs. Petry^ from the enthusiast, the hope of the philanthropist, and the •Perrj.s#aet.Indies,thusFbabxub a. Dick. St Lonls. Mrs. Lovles' Maine avenoe aao Kay-elreet-Eev. Dr. Osooos, Boston, Mrs. Murray's, Wathlac- ton-st.Mis. Wnxins, Philadelphia, Geo. Hazzard's, Calk- arine-stgiving it into the hands of British meichants and man- ufaclureis, without liberal subventions from Govern- ment. But these facts are all to patent to the Intelli- gent American merchant and people, and have beea so often reiterated in the Tnus and other Influentialand concededCongieie, It were needless to enlarge on them. I wlliamid the ice of Arctic climes, it tempers the sions which the son of the tropics breeds. It de-voyages of the Adriatie the first time carryhig out 200 passengers, speqie and the malls for the bare postage on tbe lettars, with a fair return list of pissengers and —and theoglyfunds,wbichcomeinwithaverycommendable Theweddingfestivitifshavebeenconductedon season. Ofcourse,undersuchastateoftUngs,the tertalnment,coldorhot. Therewasadisplayof Kay-strtet.liberality, from every quarter. There are contri- the grandest scale. A bandTjf five performers is monopoly of the ocean must -again revert to the Cu- rich dishes, and abundance of that commodity wblcbbutions, from the small sum of a Tuscan pauI, up engaged for the whole day and evening. The in- nardei's after October. induces a genial flow of spirits. It was the best Ma- CHABLBa Datib, Charleston, Dr. Battart, PelhSB-so Uiatwith those of the British line, and be enaked to judgethe character of the vessels that the North Atlantic Company propose to put Into the trade. The Adriatic,usual sentiments complimentarySouthampton,yourreadeis may compare ttiemht'Ose. F. B-as know, Is the youcommercial steamerdiningand a flashmahog- any table during the whole twenty- four hours of themaking the pure air fragrant with their freshness.with heartsmatched with material of which the best ancient wealthy farmer of this region I have, already de- 1 believe the quickest run that has ever been made atteiitive and the best looking black servants that fruit isprovefillibusters,"lullNature In sphere has been thrifty and fall oflarge, lucious,Liverpool counting from'pilot to ever were here) with a perfect system in every depart- have been made for a rush, and the botals will lumination Of the pity this evening is very gen- pathies and ptajers of all generous souls are with took iheir places" on the right side of the pilot—was made by the Persia, In nine days, one hour ment, the best of everything regardless of expense, a doubtless gamer a rich harvest in September. Let them, and every new success wiU be hailed with Church, were distinguished by bunches of and fifty-seven minutes. The Adriatic left her dock table that would salt the most persistent croaker, and ttiosS^ifbo would in reality enjoy Newport coma eral, the citizens as well as the authorities con- increased joy. in their hats, aad rosaries between at 21i P. M- on June 2, and the pilot left us at 4!i P. a generous and accommodatlsg landlord, there are tbe throng or wait until the /olddle ofyoung or modern heroes have been moulded. The Prince Imperial remained at Fontainbleau. Th4 il- sym-scribed. On thelull for thewho from New-York to —tributing to the general efieet. The streets are quite as crowded as on the. occasion of the annualof the Joth ofBut Louis Napoleon's triumphs do not comerosemaryThe Pope is making provisibn, from time to their fingers. The women wereM. Capt. CoMsrocE got no observation the two lastno fears of discomfort or inconvenience. The ei'hej^Mforepre- Septem^r, while those who would mix in the boatlequisites of hotel UllB at a summer watering place*presentoccasion, theme.n,heavily pictur- skirts, while-stockings,ol ourthe weatherof gay exciiement must come In July -^daysvoyage,being very rainy,and HIPPaRCHUS.KANSAS.with him in the Palace of the Vatican. The prin- grenadier's caps. Some few wore the peculiar we had been nine days out lacking one complished in foreign lingo,' and for thirty years Opening ofa RaUraad—GeaertU latelllgeBcaHealth, which shall hold direct communication stuffed waists and breasts, and hats like muffs, or engines several tiroes, to sound—and when the supervis of a hotel veteran, Mr.ac- t0 alarmed monarchs of Germany, at the head ot cipal members, we are told, are the Prince Sal- silver Munich head-dress, and two rich old ladies hour, hove to for a pilot. Here we laid Eve hours among the metropolitan puDlic houses. The Atlanticsingly. To-morrow morning early he leaves the Tuiieries lor Baden Baden, to meet several of theion Sasaar, 'whomstandsthePrinceviATiGeneral, Lamobicikbi:, and thegolden Manywomen wore agold, The dresseswas therunningfog, at a slower rate than usual, arrived at our port trunks, mintatute cottages,ofPrussia. In England and In Austria, where thij interview seems to have excited a great deal of jealousy, they see in it nothing but war. In France and Germany, on the contrary, they see peace. Who;;Eegentor which I nowthe War Minister, Da MxaoDx the French had ones. of thewhen the pilot came on boarJ, and in a thick hoisted its flag on the I4th, and the' humerous hugeWtabdott, &anias, Thursday, Jane 21, 1880. To the Htuor of the New-York Times :tend tbe great Barbecue at Atchison, in honor of the -bccasion of brea&lng groimd on the Atchison aad P.- F. Railroad.river runs inMomignori, ScHiATo, (suitable name,) and Sibilia. "This and,richlylo the door, indicate the hove to for a pilot, we were nine days and one hour great msj -rity of visitors.openingliiavejust^retumedtrip upmen employed to range the city and note carefullythat with Napoleon the principal moiive is to ment. It seems that an examination is going on ficial flowers ;—im anchorage and Fresco touches are being given to the ceiling of theis and who is right? TheLo kind of outside corset,embroidered insee com of "the sea SOD," and the prolonged stay (as I am assured) of thethe "Bi*am told,)Committee, it is said, have about three hundred were in no case white. Even the bride wore thfeonly were(Ivery expensive.dISerence of time and tfie five hoars webrovyn silk and ;inthe slightest indication of revolutionary move- material. The bride and bridesmaids wore arti- not deducting the five hours for the pilot, we were Redwood Libraiy, oh a moderate scale to that partsilk,fact,prevailingfrom ourwharf at Canal-street toat61.i.\.M.on the12th. Deducting Tuesday,ingupwrongto the commercial and financial at Rome, under some branch of the French au- He was a i*ugh, unkempt specimen, without the wtiarf. On our three first days we made compara- of fresco art and which has vastly Improved the ap- 8t. Joseph Railroad finds it to be profiuble to run a—to the attainable with a conspiracy to assassinate the Emperor Na- guest there would I have chosen instead had I '.he Journals. Our coals wete pretty good, «rlth the frequented resort. Mr. Pubisobd, of London, has mtnateB, & fax down the river as to Kansas Clty,Mls-probability is,nearly'put forth, The Italians exhibit anquitethe miller's sister.Oh," said!" At !ast the knot was correspondent, Mr. BaisTEn, this morning.of a hun- demure- employ two persons whose names are given as ly in, crossed themselves with holy wa-FaANCHi and Mabiani, to do the^'^Sthe German aovereigns will not interfere with promise of five hundred thousand francs for the began. The wedding pair were marshaled in To 12 o'clock June 5. 3301 to 12 o'clock Jane 10. 353Prtiaaia and the Bbine or not, this inlerviesv withTo 12 o'clock June 4. 310To11-^ o'clocK June 9. 315ofnesses had already been examined, and other tes-his buttonhole, and was master of ceremonies.passed Qulndaio, a town projected by Gov. RoBmsea. eighty miles or thereabouts—say six hoars—greater rian. Is preparing a catalogue of tbe library, which Is In and named after a Wyandott woman. Netreasonable amount of trouble for the public good;butencea of the peculiarBblxsap, NewYo:k, Dudley estate,shareofthis pictorial ridicule. Hardlyaday inagainatanother,eachdepositingashepassed Bythepresentlaw,thesecurityoftheregistrationof Mr.VAirLihbcbs,DutchMinisterPieIpotentlary, eoworthCity,Eight which Is theap, largestforlorn Sovereign of Naples, have to take a large After mass, the guests, filed out of one door andsolemnization of marriage is. road.alongThe leiae is paved, and three of the streets nmalarboots,rudeness"Society In Newport was Incorporated abjut a ceattUTthebrethren of the mystic tie." The first Masonicwas ever held In thU State, took place here InKings h.uses. Harrison farmdiscoursesonlc tnatltailans and life.procession,headedJ. B, PLim, Albany,Powell's booae, to the CORAas than the body—that the Inner life Is of more worth <C. E. Abfutob. Boston, Gofie's boose Beaeh-nad,the British Governmentline, it does not promise any profit to the stockbold.ers. and indeed. If tbe line should be kept up duringthe winter months, when .the travel wtu be very place wo^s^are, they express the great Mrs. SiooraBXT, J. Tews' cottage. Beach-road;America, Brazil, takingany steamship in the world. Herare the perfection of art—and ought to be—for, severalhundred thousands of OoUarswere "spent In expcrl to bt that time, 1 must foreito tbe pIMsure. Wtth mvpassed byengines'thelife whiidi should distinguish our Icdlvidual acdoosStates. It liproduct of the universal dominion ofwhich. In reference to the State of RhodeCoBBza, Natchez, on-lane.1 Emery^ eMagib-^ . ^I aui Inof the 7th, Info'mmg me that the H. W. Grand Lodgetlcipnteyou.elegant mssslffa well to $200 000. It has a fine situation, a mile southeast ofwithado my numbie testlmoay coming month. It:receiptofyour f-ommunicationheatt, but havmg calis ot a presstog nutire to attendnerThis house, imder its new management, is destmed to be the most popular of the many. Completely re fitted, from attic to cellar, with a corps of the mostparticularly In regard toshe was right pretty and modest- nine days and a little over six hours from wharf to which has but recently been adorned in the high style a southern direction, and therefore the Hannlpal aadwith a ter, and took their seats. - The service thenlife of the crowned head, and one-fifth of that sum front of tbe altar, behind her, his mother, and be- To 12 o'clock Jane 6. 340lro 12o'clockJime 11. 345 tive merits. Mr. Baooss has given the library a mag. his depot for freighting stores across tbe plaios tnwork,and Is asa valuable work of art, Independently of Its associa- United States, Mr. Majobs. has this Spring estalUsliedtheir realization, while by quieting the <publicUnd for the moment it will give immense sta-Biity to financial and commercial operational Itbindeedcurious towatchthe emotions createdthroughout Europe by every movement of the Em- a small one, and if the account given is correct, of those unhappy nuns, who can't marry, lectured my figuies tMelher, you will see that we beat the Nearly all the Summer cottages have been rented sourt bank, is ParkvUle, the western terminus o€ t^for that of the revolutionary General. Seven wit- hind him, her father, who carried a red ribbon inTo 12 o'clock June?. 3401The distance from New-York to Southampton isnificent collection of- eighty volumes of standard the numerous forts. Five miles above Wyandott «atimonywasexpected. Thecrimechargedisnot Thepoorpriest,whpcan'tmarry,inthepresence thanItisfromNew-YorktoLiverpool. 1858,So,putting becomingwellpatronizedandhighlyattractive. muchslgnroflife. Twomiles farther, oa theMis-full evidence will be waited for with an interest in the young on the Divine origin ofthe blessed Persia's best time, calculating the relative distan9.es, coupleThe number is greaterproportion to the extraorduiary character and posi- institution of marriage,placed the 'Ting on her finger, nearly eigkt hours, and this not deducting our Jive time during any year previous. I have obtained a In pioceas of coBstroclloa. Tae Geoaral Agent atand lo! But it tookfrau impatient during the lecture.I"sense in the remarks of Every clergyman ought to be willing to take any.'has been contracted to one firm, of wealthform a noteworthy part.extraordinary degree of cleverness in this way- long time to hitch emThese satirical shafts are principally directed tied, and he went back to his side of the house,tie King of Sardinia, the King of those who follow the fottimes ot the deposed inssier played the organ, and the five sons of mel- unreasonable trouble upon us, esoeclally to no secure house.Belgium, the G. Wthbislt Josis, Savannah, Mrs. J. M. Peck-With this interviewface to face every imoortanlThe Queen of England, thethe Emperor of Austria, the Regent of Prussia, against the fallen Governments of Central Italy.and she to hers. Then followed a mass. The sofaool- at the same time, the State has no right to Impose Jahis Lksaox, New-.-Vork, Luther Bateman's stone seen. TWenty mUes above, <m the Kanaaa baak, «aNapolkoh will have met monarch in Europe. Emperor of Russia,ALXxASDsa of DuscAic,has New-Orleans,t!tt EditorItbronshThe Maniaf^e Ijaw.-the New-York Times:finish the tte grading byyourcoanectlon wasat once thenow inEsq., Newport, Europe, esteemed Missouri ud Kansas, the great contractor with theFrench books. Mr. Rboasss, the gentlemanly-llDraProvidence, Jsmes Phalen s vlDa. on Bellevne-avenue.enablelt to fuUUlS.T, seems to have same life, and yet fogyDr. W. NivTOH MsBciB, of Hopklns'^houae on Cott>'ge-8treet.Institution era plainly to bapassed the paper town of Delaware, whlah, ta 183i, was s} much of a city as to baeome tae Ccaatfnor has the State any right to meddle Mrs. D. S. KxKBiDT, New-York, Mrs. S. P. Cleve- seat of Leavenworth CoaBty.;with us in the performance of a religious rite, as our land 's villa, south end Bellevue-avenue.canthe City inspector pursue them all, as he has done;3uuy D- Hill, New-Orleai^, Macareeor's cottage, was to be , held. The wedding-dinner lasted Tliere should be but one registry at acknowledged Catherine street.leadli<e proprietorso9 inperhapspoee of establishing here a new centre of courtly Every invitid guest ;»at(i /or his dinner a kron- son ofa nan or woman Is as Important as one oa a R. CAtTXB, PbUadelphla, Miss Cnace's eMOf, gmuitnats,o«fjtdheIoncacnaitiiotnlofnsrom the townl on either baakofdestroyingthe falsetime,toget together,anddrovea.!dustrious eating, there was a grand rush to the are ballroom, and a lively dance. In this stranpe al-otb* way.» J. AcocsTcsboose, Bellevue aveeiie.New-York, J. 8. ClrrlW* daystolorikSaak^ wa ware at Laaaaawuim.Untitled Documenttheym»reiv irconvenlent and of dountral oonstlULrton-This registration could be secured bT requiring a civil license for marriace, and In noof the Mnsonii, bom lit Joseph down to the gtaat canal at. After reautadag two ar-Viaa'.do dlags In France, and In mai^U[A.M.' A.B. the mallcatch theThe true method Is to put the civi7 contract nf mar- on tbe Ilanlson fium.riage whollythe clvU authority, i. e. : until a license for it shallRev. Dr. Sxissia, Now-York, Mrs. Ruggles' Cot-farther the celebratad ap,ishave beenissuedbyamhority through thegenious authors of these fantastic sketches, not to something to the scarlet and white Levites, lutely, perhaps, but with proper ccrroboratioa. Still, Gio. MoBi, New- York, Mrs. Marshab'i hr-v:se, I'el- IBoi,at4 6'clock, P. M. It Is «*d the laeaaaadrapayonly for the amusement they afford, but for the ^ho stationed themselves at the door wi* plates.fromwhatIknow.IagreewUhhimthattheyarenot -hsin-st.alwaystobereliedupen.wasfurtherwestatItilspointthansayotheroatheSolister Slates.aneb, and a blunder. It ought to be inpealed. as aot hoi!«e,"HalUaonHlll.".of ouratHaving two hours, 'we look a stroll lato tba BanrsaMSAMifiti, M. of Davis,back 60m the blocks.Therearesomegoodbuildingshotsaaoy.clent toShaw es- HiNBT Vai» RaRBSiLAXX. Ncw.York, A. T. Peck-Wtixisaner's bouse. Clay-street.L^cisDiSArcLBS,New-York, taee. John-street.Wm.Spooner'scot- Continent, eicept in CaUforula. There was aaeHa«iijki>,Was» McAuaiBa. New-Yorit, MacGntar'.s ttane7 AM.,asMr.street. ,J. T. FuBBBSs, Wssblr gton-stree^.Job Wilhoor'sJoHMSDOioas, Boston, Mrs. Lawrence's cottage,E. S. Wouxo, Phnadelphia, Mrs. De'jlots* cat-House.Tbat'^ewport is to be the popular resort this Soia-vigor.uponand abundant. Prepaiatloasfrom aMuddy," In company with the Towit Coimcil, to at-is a fire the losoi^aea Misses Tur- Companies bleed. Three miles further is Fort Leav-all new towns. When therecottage,:MeaatsnA- contract. Tala towa Us the old late,|ho«ssa-an1. <rwBOtiaml with hisTheBtiBisx RjHBXir, New-York, W. B. tase, Bearh Road.WUmMalone to fight out hisnpon possible Imperial designs expressedCcuitnf Kansas, BOW ta aesaloa here, Satfrn rUlM.oa the beach. Gar.ai>d WiLUAMB Mtaaar aaaaality, bututterlygrave porpoassTiihomtisk^asMho.Ttrynasiuufficleai tot theA PROTB8TAMT CLBROrMAN.^ Jossni TucxaaiuH, New-Yoik, Mrs. LndMsrs cot-Watklaflaa* senoe, a man hy the naaia of MvCTiaiobu traa 