 itnpB- >Uthothatred U«*>©•-taoof.mceia ^provedHostile >wledg» facia p'.nsj his §eor*>-Meaa-tcvisexa.Herald,• contend sy bans 7 hir«^olydoI'soffiea tat ofiio© for bind- in«fcanoe> that th».Pettis of the Pefti-*fcration , and ;ra man. to bring [o this Lm- >cate*aro in secur- lere wiEIndeed, Er.Doug- personal,of rivals. tany coa- ito obliv- ig a game Dooglaa, >8mocracy IngUs is ot[23,1860. piaoe ibe ^val offiwr. this duty, accoauao-writien: a 53ioa Con- candidsae|at the State icace there romptly a*ix- Govendor before t i e is not evenas Sinister hare just statesmen;ihey are a t the Adminis- As to China* tad advised tomrse betweenIT commer» xaid provide ;les of th* nation, bat iir to each.successful, Las into other Jyou will, at sn; de facte* >v9rnmeat of ivided, and iss pre«est unt yourself and entersting Schua- of has teeti- lis moat inti- 18 exisienco shed, bnt de-^ -uie witnessi, and which. ie possession. na by the *d- Yv'aixer, but,• eud, S e n i o r retaryThosip- eon why klr.the District to re not coabci- ogdifferencee-or New-York ^publicans of ikig.tss.>r3 23,1850.i the President air. MeLaajela.), a r»ohi- lasoer G«aer£l itn Darnel £uspectively, fcjr san Franriac*, y way of ti»together wnjh. he Senate a£-ST. LOUIS, April 22, I860. An Arizona correepoodeat of The Missouri Repub-his prospects with them, and the answer is, thatthe Cooveiition unless their platform was adopted. they are united with the South on the principle Slav* law U oemtlwtfofcal In all impart, jGo t^^ ** JS^ai-who profess to be well informed, and who maintain that the Southern column will not be broken at all outside of Missouri and perhaps a few scattering votes. As a last resort, even if he should receive a majority, there is force enough ready to prevent the two-thirds. But it is very doubtful if he will ever reach the first point, from the spirit which isexpressed themselves en the " State Rights " aide. At the late election this expression was made veryTTbe gwntleman'ii voice v a s drowned in a etorn o* \ «x»e of«' Oder " frotn the Republican benches.]Mr. W1NSLOW would anewer the gentleman. He couM rot say how the testimony got out, but it cer- ' tainry did get out in some shape or form, He h«ui no reason to believe that any of hieooUeaguee had con-Mr.FIX>EENCE {Dem., Pa-)—How did it appearMr. WINSLOW—There might be three or four "*black cats" m the Committee-room. £Loud laugh- ter.] He looked upon theee iovestigawnis into theprivate cotreepondence of the Executive Chief of theoountry *» * m o a t abominable practice. He deemed it' dtae to the House to refer to w& correspondence, and- -to etate that the letters purportmg to h»ve been given• . 1. • » — — .get and publish the evidence as soon after it was givento us as be could. W e sent for th's correspondent, suddenly, yesterday, at his residence near this city.«fcad qualified him, and he then testified be- fore us th*t the witness called upon him three or four times, and finally gave him the evidense referred to by the gentleman from A'a^ama. As to the letters, they were handed in hy^nx. Yan Dyke.whttoccurredinthefCommittee.This was surtainedfMr. HUGHES (Dem., Md) offered a resolution,which was adopted, tnstructmg the Committee on Mil- itary A fia'in to inquire mto^the expedier cy of so amend- ing the rules and articles of war as to punish offenses in an enemy's country not provided for by existingJaws.The House went into &>mniittee of the Whole onthe State of the Union. -Mr. AVERY iDem., Tsnn), in the course of his.foreittobemadeptiblebeforetheevidencewascomplete ? W M it the policy of thiaCommittee to aajperses&d defame the character of high officer in the Gov-erntnent ? [I^ond cneeof ""Oreer."] If thie Coaixnitr- lican says a Convention to form a Provisional Govern-^teehadbeenappointedforthatpurposesolely,letthe mentforArizona,consistingofthirty-onedelegates, Act be known. [Continued cries of " Order " from representing all parties of the Territory, met atTaesou the Kepnblican benchee 1 If the misetou of th*t Com- on the 2d inst., and organized by electing James A. mhtoe is to alander— '- • •Weather Report.HALITAX, Olonday, April 33,18S0.April 19.—Weather cold; wind N. TV.; dear. Thorm. 64 degs at noon.April 20.—A fine wind, light Weaterly S. Therm, at noon 50 order, faying that lir. Covode had no right to expose degm.together by the force of circumstances, and when completely in the ascendant by the action of the Con-Mr. LEAKE (Dem., V a) here raised 'a point oftrue to itself, and the result of this Convention willfurnish additional evidence of that fidelity. Indi- Electoral ticket without hindrance or incumbrance,speech, rtferred in condemnatory terms to the resolu-offensively, but the fact cannot be disguised that OFFICIAL VOTE—THE FRAUDS—CHICAGO CONVEN- not conciliate either interested State, while the Mr. Richardson of Illinois spoke in favor of har- the reasonable and reflecting men are much inclinedTION, whole North-west Btood solid by their claims^ The mony, and urged gentlemen to keep calm and preserve to fall-back upon this resource. H he had not beenw a s voted for by that gentleman's colleague (Mr. Sher- man) and 80 members of that pa rty-State election.Nothing ticket in the field which, a la New-York, was made up from portions of the Republican andganization—the entire delegations being contested. "Mr. Clarke of Missouri protested that the resolution was out of order; that no State should be excluded whose delegations have been admitted to the floor.[Cheering and excitement]Mr. Cook contendedthat thosewho were admitted tothe floor had a right to participate in all the acts of or- ganization, except the Committee on Credentials. •' A long debate followed, participated in by Messrs. Richardson, Jude, Meek of Alabama, and Barksdale of Mississippi.Mr. Cessna offered an amendment, that two Com- mittees, one on organization, and one on credentials, be appointed;—Illinois and New-York to be excluded frombecome favorably known to the country, and discre- tion was alone required to render him a formidable candidate. His champions were not satisfied to let well enough alone, and must, therefore, take the chances. He would have been far stronger with- out their aid.^ninutes before the resolution was offered by my col- league, a gentfeman from South Carolina (Mr. Mc- Queen) offered a resolution to provide for the emanci-which amounted to 292 on Secretary and 111 on Coitrcller.New-Yoik favors such policy as is best calculated to harmonize the differences of the New-York dele-FromArizona.JSEW^YORK DAILY TMBtTNE, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, I860.•m»mHIGHLYINTERESTINGFROMCHARLESTON.sippi,Florida,Arkansas/Texas,andLouisiana, cavingin. Theyarepositiveonthisscore. Leave Corpuscase,aod%eewhattheDemwwaoyAerecafl announced emphatically that they would go out of them and inquire of the Kentucky delegates as to "Democracy." TbeJndgeeaid:Lucaa Chairman.A Constitution and Sohedule to remain in force tillMi&sia&ippLvis easy to suppose what it must be elsewhere.The active managers contend that Judge Douglasuncorattfntlontl. The argument* affniniit ft made by thu t"*^* and ebewher* are to any mind a* matter* ofloffa, condon***-Congress phall organize a Territorial Government was unanimously adopted, after which the Territorial offi- cers, headed by L. S Owings of Me«dlla for Governor, Ignatio Orrantia for Lieutenant-Governor, and three District Judges, were elected, and provision made for calling out the militia for the protection of life and propertv, and W. C- Wordsworth appointed Major- General. Resolutions were also passed indorsing the Adhniniatration of James Buchanan.Fires*CHICAGO, Monday, April 23,1860. A fire occurred at Keno Ona, Wis., yesterday, wh'ch destroyed almost the entire business portion of that place. All the buildings'on both sides of Main street,REGULAR REPORT OF THE PROCEEDINGS CHARLESTON, Monday, Aprfl 23,1860.3a evidence before the Committee had not been laidbefore that Committee at alL He could not, by his \ south of the City Hall to the Park, together with a The Troubles of the New-Y ork Delegation.silence, permit this correspondence to go spuriously be- number of dwellings on Wisconsin street, were de-:* «jS3are th* country. For hhnself, he could not notice stroyed.anything in a ne »spaper which referred to himself The principal losers are G. E. Bunals, on buildings, merely. He was earl? taught that there were three $50,000; Kellogg & Co., dry goods, $18,000, insured classes of people he ought to avoid all controversy for $5,000; J. Vale, bakery, $9 000, no inauranoe;• -with-—one class was the preachers, for they had the Brown & Weeks, brewers, $l0,000, insured for pulpit to denou&ce him, while he had none to reply $10,000. The Odd Fellows' Hall was also destroyed;from; the next was' the editors cf papers, who had injured for $6,000. The total loss is estimated at the oolumP8 of their journals to carry on a contro- $100,000; total insurance will not probably excesdTersy, "while he had none; the next class was the $40,000. The fire was undoubtedly the work of an -women, who would always have the last word. incendiary.BEW-Y0RK ST00PCSG TO CONQUER.Gen. Cushing for President of the Convention.delegation of New-York. for him will be recorded adversely in the Conven-tion—a fact which proves they are misrepresenting The reading of it-was objected, to by Mr. Cochrane opinion at home.to have attracted scarcely its share of attention from the metropolitan prewj. It was called, as you are aware, to select delegatesto the Baltimore Convention, and to take measures for a State organization. 1M February last there met at Binghamton, through a se- cret understanding, a dozen and a half of Americans, who, under the guidance and inspiration of Mr. Eras- tus Brooks, took tms work into their bands, and under-CHKX-SEA, Monday, April 23,1860.A fire in Chelsea, Sunday morning, destroyed Dean and Bodwelis stable, together with 26 horses, also twoother stables and three or four wooden house3 adjoin- ing. Loss $15,000.CHICAGO, Monday, April 23,1860. Hecker's brewery at Sheboygan, Wis., was de-for $3,000.•" • the gallery set aside for ladies exclusively only four-ply to the remarks of my colleaeue on the Committee, Seamen of the Yacht Wanderer. teen were present; that for men was scarcely filled. I do not understand him to intimate that any member BOSTON, Monday, April 23, I860. Mr. Flournoy, temporary Chairman, exhibited of the Committee had furnished any of this evidence. Judge Sprague of the United States District Court[Loud laughter.] He had never interfered with these clashes, particularly the -women. [Laughter.] That vraa, he had never fu'erfexed with them in an improper w a y . H e did not -want to suffer publications to appear in the newspapers, purporting to be a report ot evi-, dence given before a committee of that House, which had not been given, without explanation, especially as the House was the only place where correction could- be made.Mr. COVODE (Rep., Penn.)—I want to say in re-Special Dispatch to the N. Y. Tribune.CHARLESTON, Monday, April 23, 1860. The most striking features attending the organiz-Mr. Cochrane demanded the reading of the resolution first.The question was put to the Convention whether the letter should be read, and decided in the affirmative.Mr. Cochrane moved that the rules of the last Con- vention be adopted.to show that he can command respectable Southern support. In that contingency, they may be willing to adopt him as their candidate, but, not otherwise, as the sequel will be apt to demonstrate. Failing in this, they would not hesitate to accept Mr. Guthrie as an alternative. Therefore, to countticularly to place themselves at the head of it. No* only was that meeting, its place of org anization, gen- eral purpose, and batch of delegates thrown overboard here, but the National movement, so far as this State is concerned at least, was placed in entirely different bands, while the Americans of council fraternity here,ation of the Convention were the absence of enthu- stroyed by fire on Friday last. "Loss $10,000; insured oSiafim and the limited attendance of outsiders. InMr. Fisher claimed that he had the floor.Immense confusion, and cries of " Order!"The President decided that Mr. Cochrane was enti- New-York in the Douglas column, without any forpolicy's take,have recjognized and famished a shareto-day gave a decision allowing the seamen of the yacht decision and firmness. The -proceedings from the in which evidence appeared in the columns of a New- Wanderer their wages. Tbe queation of salvage is first blast were characterized by signs of an incipienttled to the floor. reservation, is to strain the point of sanguine con- of the delegates, yet the Old Line Whigs took posses- Mr. Fisher would not be trampled upon. He had fidence. George Sanders and others of his enthusi- sion of the Convention and, as a consequence, of the his rights, and would maintain them. astic nature see no obstacles in the way of success, organization in the State. In future the policy pursuedI would state to the House that there was one occasionY ork paper one day in advance of its coming before the Committee. } Laughter.] The correspondent was called upon, and a protest was made against his pub- lishing evidence before it was presented to the Com- mittee. I stated to him that I was willing he shouldstill pending.iMr. Clarke of Alabama protested against the decision1 and claim everything without hesitation. They may-• .O b i t u a r y .TRKNTON, Monday, April 23,1860.of the Ch&ir.Confusion increasing.Mr. Walker of Alabama came forward, mounted theCleik's table, and demanded that he should be heard, appealing from the decision of the Chair.change their minds before forty-eight hours have passed.The Rev. E. F . Cooley, D. D., one of the oldest troduce Mr. Wood's protest, and attempt to ex-If the South had come here in solid column, thestruggle would have been substantially ended be-fore now. • Their differences have occasioned theonly doubt, and given increased confidence to the hands. The policy of Hunt, Barnard, Duer, and theirministers of the old school Presbyterian Church, diedclude New-York and Illinois Delegates from partici- pating in the organizaton, occasioned an exciting and tumultuous scene, which compelled the Chair- man twice to appeal to the Convention to sustain him.Messrs. Cochrane and Richardson, on behalf of New-Y ork and Illinois, adroitly accepted the propo-April21.—Weathercloudy;windhighN.N.W. Therm,at 4 p. m. 36 dega.letter from the Wood delegation, witha a resolution. The President decided the reception of the letter outbacked by what force the Union organization they will be overwhelmed by sectional opinion, and can command. This is in the teeth of the professionsApril 22.—Weather fine and pleasant. Therm, at noon SO sition to waive their representation on credentials, of order. dega. Wind light W. S. W.of Union men' elsewhere, particularly at the South; and it remains to be seen how the attitude of the New- Yoik Nationals will be regarded by their brethreat when they assemble at Baltimore. The debate which arose on Mr. Dueris resolution, declaring that the Nationals of New-York, while they sent delegates to Baltimore, reserved to themselves, or rather their State Committee, the de- cision of the question whether they would sup-port the candidates; in other words, that, no matter what the Baltimore Convention might do, the New- Yoik Nationals would do as they chose—the debate on this resolution fully diiclosed the fact that the Old- Lino WhigB, and perhaps a share of the Americans proper, were to follow and be a part of the National movement, only with this understandhig. With them, the National movement is purely local and stdvonaL. It is doubtful whether the delegates they have ap- poiuted wiU go to the Convention atall; if they do, they will not be bound by it, as they have already declared. It is quite certain some of them will not go.CONNECTICUT.Correspondence of The N. Y . Tribune.H A R T F O R D , April 23,1860.but contended for their right on the organization, and succeeded with only four Southern States in the negative, and California divided. The course of Virginia on this test excited comment, and didMr. Cook of Ohio offered a resolution to appoint a Committee on permanent organization.Mr. Barkedale of Mississippi offered an amendment that the Committee shall consist only of members from States from which there is no contest-be too glad to return to the fold at the first oppor- tunity, with augmented zeal and devotion.Whenever Judge DouglaBis putaside, the chancesof Mr. Guthrie will loom up largely, unless abetter compromise can be found. ' He is not pressedV"Opening of the Convention.J A USTTEB FEOM THE WOOD DELEGATION.Mr. Cochrane Objects to its being Eend.GREAT CONFUSION AND DISORDER. •—The Letter Ruled Out by the Chair.In my o p t - accept Douglas. Now, Kentucky is a conservative 8*r«JiU decitlon. If thi« wwera fotinly new qa*«tVot>—V" ba«DO* htm, a* I think, con*ttt»tton«lly adjuc«ted by the aottee •< State, and if this be the condition of things there, it the ht^hort •nthotiUec, I •honld u*h*.it*ttD«hr * « £ » * » • * *• :*distinctly.THE "NATIONAL INBAftaxa.MOVE ME If TTHENORTH.ANDSOUTHARRAYEDAGAINSTEACHOTHER THE P L A T F O R M Q U E S T I O N .• • .porary Chairman, and returned thanks for the honor.Prayer was offered by the Rev. Dr. Heanckellof now beginning to exhibit itself, while it is true heUNION" NEW-YORK.South was not satisfied with one defeat on this order. formally presented by Kentucky, and advocated by of Ohio, the preamble of which he read, the substance clared by the canvassers—State Treasurer, Secre- point, but repeated its efforts to shut out those Mr. Cochrane did not desire anything but a fair peripatetic partisans, he might have been sprungtion, offered to the House some time ago by Mx. BlakeThe official vote of this State has just been de-of which was to the effect that, whereas, holding.jproperty in man was contrary to nature and jostice, tary, and Controller. The whole number of votesagamst the principles of free government, and a noto- cast is 88,385, being 8,060 larger than at the lastrious reproach to the country throughout the civilized Presidential election, and 9,599 larger than last -"world, and a serious hindrance to republican liberty,. xeeorved,.&c. The resolution which followed, he paid, Spring, which was larger than at any precedingStates on various questions. The delegates from hearing. • . . • • • ' upon the Convention at a'propitious moment, withThe votes for the Kepublican State officers were: For Governor, 44,458; Lieutenant doyernor,44,453;Mr. SHERMAN (R»p., Ohio)—-The gentleman fromTennesfee referred part colarry to me, and therefore Ifeel at liberty to hit rrapt him to say this mnch. The Secietary of State, 44,166: Treasurer, 44,517; mittee appointed on a platform^ but was overruledMr. Payne of Ohio endeavered to get a com- preamble which the gentleman has read was never Controller, 44,366. There was a simon-pure Know- by an adjournment., The Lord Mayor of New-York is here in all hisglory, and with a crowd of retainers that do creditto Tammany. H e is not in the besjt of humors,because it is pretty well decided that the tickets ofadmission will be given to his rivals, the Softs. Mr.Wood has made the most liberal scale of provision,considering the famine prices, and keeps the latchstring out for whoever may venture in. There is nodiscrimination as to persons, and Jew and Gentile,Democrat and Republican are alibe welcome. The tion, whatever it may be, would be exerted forvoted on at all in the House. In the next nlace, thatresolution offered by my colleague (Mr. Blake) was •Simply for reference to the Committee on the Juliciary,The present inclination is to nominate first, in accordance with usage before the Cincinnati Con- vention; but this is opposed by Douglas men andwitn instructions to inquire into the expediency of re- Democratic tickets. Their shots were aimed prin-porting a bill to prohioit Slavery where Congress hasthe right to prohibit it. Another fact: not fifteen cipally at the Republican Secretary and Controller, the extreme South.It was apparent from what could bo gathered from the delegates individually that, should the contest be between Mr. Seward on the one hand and Mr. Dooglaa on the other, the whole power of the Union organiza-On the 30th of March, I wrote you of the ." greatrition of the white laborers of the Northern States, frauds contemplated" at our ballot-boxes through gation, because some of their absentees are expected the latter.outsiders, who rebel at the sudden extortion on Douglas. They claim that, under such circumstanoes, juleps, are ready to elect him a delegate, sincev thelooked upon the restlunon of my colleague as a very fraudulent certificates. But, although T H E T R I B - to-night. *".••'••.The previous question was called, and the resolution adopted, by Yeas 254, Nays 44.good offiKt to the resolution of the gentleman from UNE and the Republican papers of this State South Carolina. But to show the difference: TheMr. Barr was appointed, vice Mr. Church, on the committee to fill these places; it is now decided-" regulars" are so "toploftical" as to decline such they would be able to command 75,000 votes in thesounded the alarm, the good people of Connecticutrespectable contact.treeohrtson of the gentleman from South Carolina wasreceived by the House by a unaniaious vote, wasreferred to the Committee on"Ways and Means, and cheating at the ballot-boxes in New-York, Kansas, ly anti-Douglas. George Sanders will be refused a from New-York and Illinois not to participate in the is now before that Commit1 ee for consideration. I &c, would be attempted in the " blue laws" State. seat, which has a significance of the feeling in the organization until the right to the seats of the delegateswill say further, that when any member of the House, Their incredulity must have received a slight shock'I do not care who he is, introduces any propo- by the returns from the larger cities and towns that delegation.sition whatever, that isiespectful in its language and are of easy access to New-York by steamers. Forcourteous, I will vote to reler that proposition orresolution to sny Committee of the House that he instance, Hartford Presidential election in 1856,Present signs conspire against the nomination of Mr. Douglas, and rumor says that New-York willis settled.• A'motion to lay the resolution on the table was car- Mr. Stuart of Michigan. He gave Up his briefs in that, should either Mr. Bates or Judge McLean becould not believe that the Democratic method ofResolutions were introduced requesting the delegatesMississippi and Alabama were most conspicuous, and the whole spectacle recalled some of the struggles in the House on the election of Speaker, when vio- lent members insisted on being heard, in defiance of calls to order and the rules.Mr. Cook of Ohio offered a resolution excluding onlymay 6*37*. It was en that principle that I did not polled 4,114 votes—last SpriDg 4,206, being an in- go for Mr. Hunter, whieh has dampened the hopes mittee on Organization and Credentials and were ap- tion, if half a chance be offered." It is amusing to port. Such, also, It is declared, would be the case in.object to the resolution of the gentleman from South crease over the last Presidential election of 92 votes, of his friends, who concede an unexpected defectionCarolina. But the action of the sixtv members who and this month Hartford polled 5,106 votes; making in the South, where he will hardly receive more voted for that resolution was not a declaration on their 900 increase in one year, of which 669 were Demo-part that they v/onld interfere with Slavery in the cratic, being over 30 per cent Democratic increase, than seven votes.pointed by the delegations. hear the Douglas men" comment upon the probableA resolution was offered, requesting the credentials consequence of this journey. If he should bring Pennsylvania and New-Jersey.to be handed to Secretary Fieher of Virginia, and de- Slidell and Bright along, as has been promised, we The Union State Convention in this city, then, did shall have quite a nice party. No Convention can nothing but take its position, and set the machinery toSlave States. I think there is not a member on this while the Kepublican vote increased only 10 perside of >he House who is not now willing to make the cent, or 237 vote*. In New-Haven, the Demo-declaration, broadlv and openly, that he is opposed toany interference whatever with the relations of mas- cratic frauds are still more palpable, where there receding for fear of uniting the South against theirreferred to the Committee on Credentials.Mr. Cochrane moved thai it be received and referredto the Committee without a reading.After much excitement it was adopted..The vote on excluding the New-York and Illinoisthey were not on the ground days ago. But one ganization here the right to take whatever steps shallreason is assigned for this remissness. They sup- to themEelyes seem most expedient; which Bteps willposed the work all done at Washington,*but have depend not on what is done by their own party at Bal-'ter and slave in the 81ave States. We do believe thit was a Democratic Board, for in 1860 there were Congress has the power to prohibit Slavery in the made 1,183 new freemen, while in 1859 there were Territories, and whenever the- occasion offers, when- only 608; in 1858, only 477.ever the proper time arrives, whenever the question But for all their frauds, thank God! they are de- comes up, we are in favor of exercising that power, ifadmission.The South is concentrating on Mr. Hunter. Thetaken some alarm since Monday. delegations from the Committee on Ciedentials wa, THE WISCONSIN JUDICIALtimore, but by tbe Republicans at Chicago. Thia is ELECTION. the only significance tbe proceedings have. To secure 'delegates from South Carolina reconsidered theirnecessary, ,to prevent the extension of Slavery into feated; our Republican Wide-awakes, in our cities, purpose to vote for Mr. Davis this morning, and adopted, with the following negative votes: Maryland Correspondence of The N. Y. Trihune.this much the Old Liners appear to have gone into the Convention. They desired to have nothing more or lees done; and they accomplished their object. Nor ia there any probabHity of their being cheated out of it in the end, since the whole question whether or not aFree territoi-y. We are frank and open on this sub- were toormuch absorbed in processions and glorifi-ject. . But we never did propose, and do not propose, cations to guard well the ballot-boxes. In the agreed on Mr. Hunter. His champions claim Ala-1; Virginia, 15; Georgia, 10; Alabama, 9; Louisiana,MADISON, Wise, April 19,1860. In order that a clear understanding may be had of the precise extent to which the Democracy may claimto interfere with S'avery in the Slave States I hope the gentleman will put theseobservations in his speech.Mr. AVERY—Certainly, Sir.Mr. SHERMAN—So that the gentleman's constitu-ents may see that we •' Black Republicans" are not so profit by the example of their country cousins.very desirous of interfering with their interests or righta^—that we are only desirous of preserving our own-Mr.ASTTMORE(S.C,Dem.)—Areyounotinfavor of abol'aMnjr Slavery in the District of Columbia 1From' the Republican vote for Governor and Messrs. Guthrie and Johnson. If Kentucky hadLieut.-Governor, it will be perceived that the come here uncommitted, Mr. Breckinridge couldvauntedpopularityofThomasH. Seymour didnot havebeen nominated easily onthesecond ballot, detract from the vote of the Republican candidate with the admitted support at his back in Pennsyl-the negative. your «xtensive .circulation for a brief statement of The credentials having been handed to the Commit- facts.tee, onmotion, theConventionadjournedat3until10 o'clock to-morrow.CHARLESTON, Monday, April 23—p. m.The Committee on Credentials are now in sejsion is probable that, owing to informalities in the returns,the Delegation-from New-York, representing the or- ganization of the Democratic party in said State, haveMr. JONES (Dem , Ga.), with the view of fixing den or Banks, with Cassius M. Clay (that bravest TVES. 1 the responsibility where it belongs, argued that the and noblest Kentuckian, who has ofttime periledof four eenconera aid a brigantine, was then on its vance of an investigation by the Convention; and while subject of the Fugitive Slave law, had thus far put him- wav to the coast, in the service of the Federation. The we claim no advantage over our opponents, we shall self with the Democratic party, and so fan: against a bulletin allowed that the recent amnesty of the Gov- not submit to any advantage wrongfully obtained over very large majority of tbe Republican party, that the ernment bad not produced the happy eifecUs that hadVery respectfully your ood't servants,tied that there 3e moved that traday.rod that thereested Utat the , rive g«ilemeu ariif aai other n be acvanoedNorth, three years after the adoption of the Constitu-tion, commenced the agitation of the Slavery question, his life in defense of Republican principles), or Bellby the presentation of petitions, following it up tothreatened rupture here, when the South may ten-der him as a compromise candidate. He has ten votes in the New-York delegation. The reBt are us. adverse.been expected of it. The rebel Falcon had receivedbd that tie rega* upon the State*kid th« if there yld. nov be done 1were forced on air coaideeatio*jfr. P r m r ' s mo- against 112. 15 to a quest** baervsd ia th® monyof a P*** ng to have bee* as the Covode , -pusportteg:» i of the Unite* m Djke- to ti* t true that tin* mmittee. The** •efore the C©J»- ad eoantry tb** aat the pobtk** t toe Committeeejnacy of the» tens' referred »d like to kno* ee, or from a»J inform him, ho^ i ihar celebrate* thenewspaper h» afenngof <£informed ua** nctple, the !«•** ridenee takenpflS••A United Stale* marshal Shot-ungrateful conepiratoip.las. All the Douglas delegates voted in favor of the the firBt that Mr. Sloan would have the unrelenting The British Vice Consul, Frederick Stacey, esq., hadlican party. Candidates must be nominated at eecticiial party to put Slavery under the baa. The Chicago fur the. People—not for politicians to con- Harper's Feny ra"'d was the legitimate fruit of the trol the spoils—for all the great Republican victo- ries have been by the People. Kansas has been made a Free State by the People, while Democratic office-holders and politicians used the United States mmy and Treasury to enslave them, and the mass of Republican politicians stood by protesting against W e learn from Tcp**ka that Depity United States the people defending their homes with lead and•the pretent time, for the purpose of establishing a greatAnti-Slavery and treasonabJe teachings.The Committee rose, and the House adjourned.day are regarded as indicating the nomination of Doug- tion of the United States Court. It was evident from fuse more vigor into its operations and exterminate theLr.AvxNWORTH, K. T., Saturday, April 21, I860.Douglas men, who have resolved to stand by him resolutely and prevent two-thirds for any other can- didate, but they cannot hold the Eastern delega- tions or New-York for such a purpose as they an-dentials will report largely in favor of the Softs, and yers, Republican in politics generally, but who agreed also in favor of the Illinois Douglas delegates. It is with Judge Dixon on the legal question atissue, whileand sentenced to perpetual banishment.The Senate bad not yet commenced its session forNxw.OKUtASfs. Monday, April 23, 1860. The ateamer Cahawba, from Havana 20th, has ar-the exception of Col. Wall, and although there is a dif- ference of opinion, yet there will be difficulty in com-Trved.The ice has almost entirely disappeared from theBay, and what remains offers no obstruction to the free through the dense clouds of smoke w|th difficulty.community might take In politics wonld tend to elevate The Southern delegations have just adjourned whole at the start, and that Kentucky and Tennes- cratic victory!" Let me quote a siogls paragraph, the tone of public morality, any clarify the great politi-passage of vessels in and out.' Navigation ia fairly re- aumed for the season.-•v..»->=-••.,• - ••\1Great exertions were required to prevent OWOTtwo dwelling* from be ing consumed, .country towns the Republicans managed differently bama, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, half of Mary-BalanceOn the motion to request them not to participate in a triumph in this State in the election of Luther S. third electoral ticket shall be brought into the field,—they worked—worked and ascertained for a cer-land, Mississippi, half of Missouri, Arkansas, Florida,tainty what Democrats had a right to vote, and North and South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia— thus guarded their ballot-boxes. The cities mustfor Governor, and that the Governor and Lieut.-over and over again, that I am opposed to interference Governor varied only five votes, showing that prin- vania, New-Jersey, and New-England.Fnox VKNKZUEI.A.—By an arrival at this port weMr. SHERMAN—1 have stated to my constituents,With Slavery in the District of Columbia. That is my ciples, not personal popularity, held together theindividual position. The Republican party never took Republicans of Connecticut. This election has asa position on the subject. Some are for it and Home effectually buried Thomas H. Seymour politically, against it. I have declared to my constituents, over for the Vice-Presidency, as the New-Hampshireand over again, that I oid not think it proper to agitate election did Frank Pierce for a re-nomination.the question en the abolition of Slavery in the Districtof Columbia, because I believe that this is the very The approaching Legislature of this State willparadise of fzee negroes. I believe that practically, eradicate all certificate voting from our laws, thusthough not legally, he is better off in this District than shutting up this great avenue for fraudulent voting.in any portion of the United States. Thye are but ADd whoever the nominees may be of the Chicago was not present. They meet again to-night. There very/ew slaves here, and the number is dia«lni<5hing Convention, if they be true Republicans, so that wedaiiy. As an institution, Slavery scarcely exiat3 here, can go into the Fall contest with trumpets that willand I am willing to leave it i>the effect of time.give no uncertain sound, Connecticut is sure to c*stMr MORRILL (Rep., Vt) argued the revision of her electoral vote for them. 'This Convention should the Tariff as a necess'rtv, espe-rally in view of the fact nominate to suit the Republicans, and be sure theirare thirty-one Breckinridge men in the delegation. Mr.'Wood has brought only forty delegates to be appointed, but is attended by a large body-guard ofbeen directed bv the delegation to present to the Con-vention over which you preside, that by the action of and remembering the miserable show which its pariyMr. Smalley, Chairman of thelateNational Committee, produced nothing that could be of service to vossels, they have been excluded from the hall in which the. made with a candidate for Sapreme Judge last year, and there'was an excellent wind for navigation in any Convention hflB assembled, and persons in no wayentitled have been allowed to occupy their places.that the great bulk of the public debt falls due in 1868. nominees are representative men; else the partyAfter combating the doctrine of free-trade, he said he will lose more by defection and "inaction of friendswould treat agriculture, manufactures, and miningalike, as all con -ribute to the general prosperity. He than they can gain by other nominations from ourexplained the pending Tariff and Loan Dili. opponents. Give us Seward or Lincoln, or Fessen wnich he can be possibly considered is a case ofDixon, however, having recently—in January—made The mysterious convocation of this flotilla was ex-of Tennessee, and we will have a National Repub-FERNANDO WOOD, Chairman. G. J. TrcKKR '5 Secretaries.former was ready to take him up as an independent eupplies from New-Granada, and was reorganizing hiscandidate, while the latter determined to nominate forces for a new attack on the Government. Sotillohad aleo recovered himeelf, and was preparing to at- another man, and did nominate, at the Convention of tack Barceloua, Camana and Maturln. Tho rebelsFebruary 29, the Hon. A. Scott Sloan, who was known professed to be confident of proximate triumphs; aad to entertain opinionB opposed to the appellate jurisdic- the papers were calling upon the Government to In-steel from the paid ruffians of Government.Q.want of a cuorum.The Government had called into service a largeMarshal Arms was shot dead by a prominent citizen of that place, named Ritchie, whom Arms was endeavor- ing to arrest on an oli charge of robbing the Post- Of- "fice. No particulars are reserved.be tried. •"'• ' The Committee on Organization have chosen Mr. Cushing President, with one Vice-President and The Captain-General had sent a Commissioner t bining them on Breckinridge or Guthrie. The major- Secretary from each State. Some slight dissatis- Washington, to confer with the Spanish Minister re ity is, decidedly againet Douglas. They are reported faction was expressed by a few members who weregardhjg the captured steamers.Mexican News.it was just as certain that these men would labor ashard for Dixon. Beside this, Judge Dixon, as Circuit corps of Volunteer riflemen. Nearly all the able-bodied•letter from Havana.ton, dated Thursday evening:" The New-Jersey delegates will all be here withmittee on Platform reports.The indications are that the Convention will adjournby Thursday.From Our Own Correspondent.ies alone gave hltq some 2,500 Republican votes on the 3d of April).A portion of the most ultra State-Rights Republi- cans, not satisfied with Mr. Sloan's position with rot written evidence, insisted on his declaring where hFrom Nneva-Granada we have news thai a great revolution had broken out with Gen. MoGouera at the head of it. The object is to create an independent re- public out of the State of Canoa, and pari of Ecuador.*"now to etand: Breckinridge, 7; Douglas, 5; Guthrie,2; but this may be changea. Mr. WiHiamson has not not present.THE YOCNO MEN'S CHRISTIAN AssoetATioK.—This CHARLESTON, April 20,1860. . stood on the appellate jurisdiction question; and thera Association held a very enthusiastic mooting last nightThe Pennsylvania delegation did not reach thequestion of voting as a unit this morning, but heardprofessions of conciliation from Messrs. Wright, the Convention by the Hard-Shell delegates: Cessna, and other Douglas men, who expressed awillingness to adopt the Cincinnati Platform, andaffirm the Dred Scott decision. Mr. Montgomeryoutsiders.adjourned without making any nomination. Judge direction.Until Mr. Douglas be disposed of no safe opinionas to the candidate can be formed. Some new ing at headquarters. The votes of the delegations to-U»M»d State* Seprem* Court) baa pa«*ed upjw It. SouthCarolinasaidshewasnotauthorizedto whichisinvolved,andundernocircumstanceswill ionItm«»proper•obiootfor1Uaction,andIam«•*)««»«Jspeak yet, but would doubtless follow "the lead ofLet me add that this " State Rights" or " appelate The Demcciatic National Convention assembled at votes, exclusive of New-York. The basis of this Platform in this State, though a very large majority ofnoon,'.••••There is a full attendance from every State in theUnion.The Convention was called to order by JudgeSmalley, Chairman of the National Committee. Francis B. Flournoy of Arkansas, was chosen tem-claim is denied with as much emphasis by Others, the Republicans of the State have again andag«*Charleston. has very decided and clamorous advocates in sev- Correspondence of Tlio N- Y. Tribune.Wm. F. Ritchie was appointed temporary Secre- eral of the Southern States, even like Alabama; TROT, April 21,1860.tary. ; still their influence cannot be felt upon the votes of The State Convention of the National Union men, DOUGLAS LOSING GROUND. Mr. Fisher of Virginia offered a letter from the Wood those States, and delegates who avow preference which assembled in this city on the 18th inst, appear*New-York to speak on the subject, and said that when THREA TENED SOUTHERN SECESSION. the letter was read he had a resolution to offer.may be probably in that direction, there is no war-rant for this assumption. They will organize to-morrow, and have been careful to avoid all com-mittal, in view of the intended contest by Wood andhis faction. It may be said, however, that they took to forestall the National movement, but more par- will never go to Douglas, unless his friends are ablestruggle between the North and South for ascen-dency, and clearly indicated an approaching storm.The movement of Mr. Fisher of Virginia, to in-will be their policy. Whether or not a third electoral ticket is placed in the field in the State of New-York, in the coming Presidential canvass, will be for the Old Line Whigs to say, they having secured the ma- chinery for managing all such matter* in their ownTbe question was put on the appeal, and the Chair dominant interest. They will, however, be driven compeers (where is Frank Granger?), was placedof New-York, as not in order.Considerable excitement ensued.Mr. Fieher denied the right of the delegate fromThe New-York; very confidently for Douglas. While its proclivitieswill be nominated on the fourth ballot by the acces-sion of Tennessee and Kentucky, starting with 117. jurisdiction" question forms no part of the Republics*delegationhas beenclassifiedsustained.Immense cheering.Mr. Fjsher again rose, and offered to present the never falters at the critical moment, t is always shall be thought best, to support the Democratica reasonable certainty of success. He had attained New-York and Illinois from participating in the or- sufficient position in the Treasury Department toonce united they cannot be divided. The Southvention. That policy is to leave the way clear, if itviduals and factions may separate temporarily, butState, enough, as a distinguished delegate assured the Y our valued friend, Brig.-Gen. Cushing, is an- Convention, to control the result. OQ the other hand, nounced as being on the way, being summoned to while a certain proportion witbin the Union organiza- preside over the wisdom of the Convention, in case tion will, under any and all circumstances, support the the Douglas interest is not strong enough -to elect Democratic nomiree, I conclude, from all I could hear*ried, Yeas 259, Nays 44. the Supteme Court for this expected honor, andThe States were called, for the names of the Com- will give the Carolinians a touch of Yankee inspira- men in New-York would give him their cardial sup-The combination between New-York and the manded that Fernando Wood's letter be now read and well get on without them, and it is only surprising act independently of Baltimore; to reserve to the or-Northwest is now contradicted, and the former is6; Mississippi, 7; Texas, 4; Califirnia, 2. all in the affirmative. Yeas, 244; Nays, 54.the organization, the vote was nearly the same, except D u n n as Chief Justice (if, aa now seems probable, he about 90 votes.. Kentucky and Tennessee stand by that Virginia voted in the affirmative and Arkansas in ^Vlfjfeted), I beg leave to avail myself of the use ofwas committed to a Committee of their own selection. It is more than likely that the course of the New-York Nationals will create not a little feeling at Baltimore.w.later tban previous advices. The official reports repre- sent that the pacification of the country progresses fa-to our rights are permitted to occupy our seats in ad-The city is quiet to-night. There is no public speaksname may be sprung on the Convention at a fortu-nate moment, like Mr. Polk, if any is in reserve.Mr. Pearce of Maryland is suggested by some Soft (New-York) delegation. The Committee on Cre- and most persevering opposition of a great many law- been convicted of conspiracy against the Government,Letmefirstpremisethat,if JudgeDixoniselected,it is by a majority of about 250 in a poll of 115 000votes, or about 8,000 lees than were caet last Fall. It have El Comerrio of L&guayra to April 3, tea dayshearing arguments in the New-York case. some counties may be thrown out by the State Can-The following is a copy of the protest presented to vassers, and Mr. Sloan, the Republican candidate, ob- vorably, and in several recent actions the rebels hadST. ANDREW'S HALL, April 23, 1860.not, it is supposed, take the seat, but would allowbad surrendered himself to the Government. On thetain the certificate. In such case, Mr. Sloan would been beaten. The rebel General, Rudolfo Calderon,Judge Dixon to hold on under the appointment by 26th of March the French bark Ste. Marie, from St.SIR: The undersigned Chairman and Secretaries of which he now holds his seat. Thomas, arrived at Laguayra, and her captain reportedTo tlu Chairman of the National Convention.Mr. Dickinson is industriously pressed by a few Therefore, in behalf of the delegation from ihe State ofNew-York, we protest against their exclusion, while a decision in which he acknowledged the appellate March 27. which claimed that a «'|uadron, consistingpersonal supporters. The only contingency in the persons referred to who appear here as contestants jurisdiction of the United States Supreme Court on thethat near the Utile island of Blanquilla, on the Vene- The facts as to this Judicial contest are theee: The zuelan coast, he had seen four Bchooners and a brig- Democratic State Convention met February 22, 18G0, antine at anchor, although the island was a desert andbelieved the Softs will vote for Douglas.The thermometer is 84° in the shade.Alabama will demand a slave code, and an effort- Judge in the counties of Dane, Columbia and Jeffer- citizens of Laguayra, had offered their services to the—The Newark Mercury makes the following extractfrom a private letter received in that city from Charles- ticipate, and hence they will fail if the experiment will be made to ballot for a candidate before the Com- son had been very popular (and in effect these coun- State,If partisan statements' could be accepted as any was a probability of a third candidate coming out if at its rooms corner of Broadway and Twelfth street, reached here yet, but is placed among the Douglas The Committee on Credentials are still sitting, evidence of real opinion here, it would be a very Mr. Sloan had not responded. He did respond; and and, agreeably to previous Invitation, several ladiesNzw-OxLjeaas, Monday, April 23,1860. men, which is a mere ruse. He is on the delegation as but will admit Illinois without doubt. There will Advices from Galveston, Texas, report the arrival at tbe special friend of Col. Alexander for the Vice-Pres-that port of the revenue cutter Dodge, from Vera Cruz idency. Messrs. Wright, Huyler, Speer, Wescott and probably be a minority report on New-York.easy matter to reduce the nomination within a very thereupon the anti-State Rights, or Dixon men, wer were present. Mr. P . H. Vernon, presided. Report* harrow circle of chances, and to determine the can- at once greatly horrified; just as if it was in some de from the local church associations of a very interesting; didate after a few ballots. The impression which I gree worse for Sloan to declare himself on one sid« nature were received. The Nominating Committee entertained and expressed before leaving Washing- than for Dixoh, by his decision, to place himself on th> presented the following ticket for re«leotio»at tho next ton is fully confirmed by all the developments here. other.The practical and only question is, and has been, Well, the election came off; the Democrats, who will the South unite against Douglas, or divide and can control the great mats of their voters by the crook allow him to be nominated ? That is the real and of a finger of a leader, polled straight for Dixon as an16th. She brings as $ paeaenger Mr. Elger, Secretary Raflerty are decidedly against Douglas, but they sayof Legation, who has important dispatches for Wash- little and are'not'prepared to venture too far from insrton. shore Theie is an understanding that the Pennsylva-Miramon had sent a bitter letter to Secretary' Cass, nia and New-Jersey delegates will have a conference 5 i»? *° **** captured steamers. Mr. Dodge and on Friday evening.p. S.—12 p. m.—The Pennsylvania delegation have just adjourned, after another stormy session. The majority are ready to abandon Breckinridge forGuthrie. An animated contest may.be expected in the Convention to-morrow, on the question whethermeeting of the Associations For President, S» G- Gocdrioh; Vice-President, IMS. Vernon; Correspond- ing Secretary, N. Heath,jr.; Treasurer, W~ B. Holme*. Mr. James E. Hardnet read a very interesting paperMr. Jfeilger are both awaiting the return of the dis- patches from Washington.<t>L a k e Navigation.BCVTXLO. Monday, April 123, I860.1FIRE IS THE DWMAI. SWAMP.—The fire in the Dis- mal Swamp is still racing furiously in some places, and the light and smoke are visible from Norfolk. The flames nearly reached the track of the Norf »lk and Petersburg Road, and at one time the cars passeda majority of a delegation ?may cast the vote of a vital point of the whole Btruggle. Ask his friends, " independent" candidate, and enough /Republicans entitled " Religion allied to Patriotism.'l He thoughtState, it being considered necessary to affirm the precedents of 1852 and 1856.and they will tell you that Missouri, Maryland, voted for him to secure bis election. 'North Carolina and Virginia are for him in part or Now, the Democratic papers are claiming a " Demo-after a most exciting meeting. Alabama, Missis- ae<j w e only waiting to pay compliments before then, from Judge Dixon's decision, ia the Booth Habeas} cal pool.Untitled Documentnominated at Chicago, tbe great body of the Unionplained next day, in a bulletin of the rebels, datedthat such action as the Christian, young men of any5 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069SSS58www.fultonhistory.com5SS 