 m* if pro-.i^t**.TVEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1860.noticesr*ory >w the •wkvng fv:•do-iionofe«the iocnr- ludiaa himto Eertaxodriest,lOtOearned-ho. ia coin*it,thpth i:.o>\t-r:i-reiiiuoa Jvdd- V .*e'tr >v«;rn-.ton. & nsj for. y. i.r<mtemsep o f • uponr-e : h © ;very- ig t h e lie i a -T. -ver x•osd when igafisd i a n ypartmentbeingmchargeoftheoffice,andthedemand Af-coimtA>ril1i;oJun«30 ..144,65234July]. Draft on J. \\'./Ki8sam 807 94happily carried off. The earth around the new eewers and culverts in Brooklyn was.Washed into deep gullies, byt--lie flood, and in many instances the masonry fell in.the hours of 8 o'clock and 3 o'clock p. m. as the time the Randall's Island Children, the Board of Commis-for examining intoxicated persons.. T h e Board will hereafter, meet regularly evaiy Friday night, a t th e office of th e Clerk of th e Special Sessions, a t th eK'OTS t otheft on.<h'.p- *on a. i&«itw-rfpr&f>u» hold*/rYal Efdft *>i>»o J» ; nshed izeag..45•1' •"a**u-? 'eatsone. te?a shear d u> fevr:-a •i- ft£ey ••Dec. '.;. Deported Dec. 10. -Depositeetc-ar's Hotel. Margaret was brought to the City Hall, lem Railroad, tell from a cur o n "Friday afternoon a s the train,-).-, their*ton-" feted. id Isfeat roa,is.Holt, who was a stern anduncompromising man, and Jan. 21. Depofeted. i;nd remorseless assailant, tha' no higher examples exist rigf.rous prosecution. ' Feb.-!. Depot-I,red--Saturday from the effects'-of burns received the previous night i a1•tersintheirmostfavorable light,andarguingthatthe Dec. 21. Dep*Hed President wondnotbelikelytoletthismatter explode •Dec.31.Depsitedbim. Both Ina leps were terribly crushed, and nearly severed from h i s body. H e w a s brought t o this city, when? h e subse- i)i ently dii dji of b i s injuries Daniel HuDley, a native.of I r e - / knd 40 yeeusjof age, was fatally scalded on Saturday, iu conso-1*-|!*K>merepairs done on her.The court-martial of Capt- B . *F..Totten, United for expression has besn »'njoyed by all, it being under-questioners that' " n o such gentleman a t I . V . Fcrwbr boards R | this hotel."officers fpr official delinquency,: on charges to be pre- sented, and on due notice and hearing to be pi overlandThey eat and sleep' npon the water. Even in tb^ cold- ! the Street Commissioner's office, and with that people;Ithe Ncw-Ycrk Hotel rather early in thecourse of the evening, n".d w a s there quit" unreserved in statingIwith six pairs of beautiful swans, a s a preeen. from the City of Hamburg, for the ornamental waters of the Central Park, where tljey will form a great attrac-upset a i'j.id ifcnp, the cout.-nts failing upon h e r c.othiug. T h o I'eck iifer v hich she fell in with a sailor, Iwith whom fluid was infifiantiv. ignited, and before assistance could b e ren- dered, sholiffi) BOseriously burned as to result iu death the fol- t-he lived at the place where the officers found her. lowinpdayJ fflffidroner Jackmau held an inquest on the body, re-,fraaciacoontheSthinat.fromPanama;allwell. She ra* ordered to San Francii«eo b y tho flagoCIcer to havemoderator,airevenasascertainmentofthewillo* the majority b y vote. A clerk reads th e will of the. members, and he judges of this after full opportunityofvisitors. 'Ryndersfound'onlynakedwalls andor-1'ower tn etnte its motives. The Charter of 1857,'hy aof the present century sovast was the influx of Friendsinto our streets a t yearly meeting time— all being dis-tinguished by the peculiar and primiti ve garb of the sect,faike rest orfood. Going down to theoffice ou Satur- 1859. Acco nt Jan. 1 toMarch 31 March Hi. 'torn |lettor-carrierflDEPARTMENT or CHARITIES AND COKKKCTIONS.— .. 24,9737tf foratime, and a great deal of superfluous mud was House io be kept until sober- They also fixed upon For the purpose of further promoting the happinessofimmediately reached, look sadly about them at theirseme traces of the wel'-remembered yearly meetings of their youth.W e suppose there are few of o u r readers who iiave not a* some time attended a Quaker meetii g , o r who have notan idea more orlessdefinedofthehistory and gf neral polity of the society; yet w e apprehend a few iemarks upon these subjects will not be without interest. «•The Society of Friends was one of th e sects havingtheir origin in th e period of extraordinary religiousactivity which ensued upon the outSreak of the Prot-pediency of thegeneral proposition; but merely asked a promise from Mr. Fowler that he wotdd do himself no injury until at least after thenoon of thenext day, Sunday; the lriend promhing meanwhile to call at 9 o'clock" the next morning, andactas Mr. F . desired, lie urged strongly that the telegraphic dispatches re- ceived b y F . that night from JhiB agents a t W ashing- ton, might prove erroneous: that better news might come over the wires in the morning; and that while death might eventually become the only step proper for the occasion, it was one n o t to be'taken until the abso-•lote certainty o f ruin h a d arrived.This reasoning seemed to have a good deal of weightwith M r . F . , w h o gradually became calmer, ceased weeping, andundressed for bed. The windows of hisJuly 23. Dep}>dteSl..A PAINP-CX CASE.—A note was received at theBuilding a house on tlie corner of Fiftieth street and Lexingtonwmmm•gBgasaaroBgE -•.•."»>>y7^F^>^^^ ft? cassis**iMIfMMMM.•—*•spot, iu itself constituted a crime under thestatutes of were perfectly familiar with the period of its occur- the United States; but still Fowler appears to have{rence, and looked forward toit with ebgerness in time cherished some hopes that the efforts of his friends atof drouth, and with apprehension in atwet season, and Washington would suffice to procure for him furtherJu1>26.DJj»l!ton'|Vy.Cooper ..... 7512 Aug:. 4.Drtrilon>\\J.1>lake........'. 2972 A-;};• »• D n ft.ou P . L . itobinson..-.... 9 66 Auz. i>. Dniton A . P . Squire. 15 1.9. Dec.-2. A m jnmt receis-eJ from letter-cartiers .. 25J293 8 9 Dec. 3 A m >unt deceived from lettor-caxricr.s. .. 25,309 16 Account fro il July 1 to Sept. 3D. ..151,932 55 Account fr« ii Oct. I t o De^. 31. ..148,745 12 lftCO. Jan. 3 ,'l)raft*on J . G . Ellxworth . . lt7 00t h e damage whole State,• culverts was very a s appears b y ourTombs. • • "i... for play-houses during inclement weather. The build- CnjcKET—ST!' GEORGE VS.EAST NEW-YORK.—-The ings will; be of brick, each forty feet wide'by one?it isa well authenticate" fact that the prices of ediblesin our . markets, through the sudden accession to thetime.Certain it is, that on Saturday he gave to the manylighted a n d ventilated. Each building will form ond room, |ii. I the cost of both structures will be about $8,000. ,There is some talk of arranging a gymnasium at the end of each house, but this will be a matter for after consideration.Steps.!arebeingtakento"hastenthecompletionof the new Island Hospital, but it will not be possible to finish aiic have it ready for-occupancy before the 1stofWaUack's Theater.—The "Overland Route"' everynight this week, and to the end of the season, whichcomes to a close on the iioth jprox., when Mr. W . J .Florence will take po'seessn n for a Summer season*.Mr. John Brougham iswriting a new burlesquefor Cuyp and Andrews being very fin^. Of the play of TKICKS ON TRAVELERS.—DetectiveKeefe yesterday the Florences, which will b e speedily produced.make even a momentary impression upon the mighty massesofhumanityaboutus.2*oristhechangealtogetherexternaltothesociety.F r i e n d s t h e m s e l v e s n o l o n g e r c l i n g w i t h t h e i r a n c i e n tis to be supposed that some of the friends of Mr. Fow-in no department except the bowling did they in anyoverseers once maintained in these matters has of latebeen much relaxed. Many Friends in good standing, and if you can come and act as m y ananuensis, youseme even of tho.--e exercising a gift in the ministry, no longer regard it as an ixfdispensablc preliminary towill do m e the las*t earthly favor that man can grant." By the way,eotdd this have been thepistol pre- sented to Fowler by Robert J. Walker, and withSmith,W.'Davidge, A.H.Davenport, L.J. Vincent, C. Peters.-ai d others, also of first-rate ahility.Botccryl Theater.—To-night Mr. Allen produces, infine style/a dramatization of " Kenilworth," in whichh e w i l l e s s a y t h e c h a r a c t e r o f D u d l e y , E a r l o f L e i -Gibbes I).AndiewKP Robinsonb.(uyp Burnett c. \ anny b. Cuyp..2fi Leg-byes5,widen5.. .0. 2| Total ,sional martyrdom which tbey experienced at th e baudsofthePuritansofNew-Englandarewellknown,but whenthefearstruckoneofthemthathemightthinkit is not so well known that they Iilled important posts intheearlyhistoryofmanyoftheColonies,andweapprehend that most of o u r readers will learn withthev were officers coming to arrest him, a n d thereupon makewaywithhislife,as he hadfrequently spoken of doing to one of the party.Tut:CltAV.IIKK.Aiscy.—Inthematteroftheap-tion.Ontievoyageeachpairwaskeptinacom- Siefinallybecamesodegradedthatshedidnotwish sultiigin'averdictofdeathfromaccidentalburning.surprise that the now turbulent State of South Caro- Acting tinder this fear, Mr. C . procured a pass-key toMr.Fowler'sparlor,openedthedoorverygently,nina was aslong ago as 1693 under the mild sway of and thetenant of the rooms didnot awake until all a Quaker Governor, J^hn Archdaie. In L672,the Gov- three of his friends were standing around his bedside.ernor,'Deputy Governor, and the entire Magistracy of Tbe ivory stock of U pistol'protruding from under his pillow, snowed that they probably had not. been tooBbode Island were chosen from among Friends. T h e cautious.first yearly meeting established in America was that of Fowler being aroused, a terrible scene ensue 1—tho New-England, founded, as is supposed, in loGl; that of uui :;p5>y gentleman writnin'gandgroaning with agony,Burlington, since transferred to Pniladelgbia, followed j and weeping a n d shouting incoherent regrets, s<; that l.i* friends next began to fear that he would alarm theI 8 6 . 0 : ( r a . , . . S a u r g i : c . a . _ l . i Kemaiiiinijou May 18 KMMi » T e d . . . i i c r * a . . l i . Til144T n ' v > » t . a . L i 23946 40 S 231in JC8J. The vhit and labors of George Fox in Amer-ica, in 1672, contributed great!y to the gathering to-gether- of the members scattered in great numbersthroughout-the 'country, a n d their organization intoliouti*—the nature of Marshal Rynders's visit having U-en bowsed rouud among all theguests with the usual sw ftnessand exaggerations attending such rumors.Messrs. B. andT. (this "M r. B." does notmeanCl'ainhcrlain r e m o v e d i n . t . with the Hr (: 801•}. understood t h e matter, could be !C m a n n e r , f o r c a u s e , a s i s U i o e a s e if DepartmentK; that according toThe only auHieiitic PIIOTO.JKAI'IIS o f tin in taken iu this country. 'Also, l h « llilfei^ut candidates i'or t h e Presidency' and Vice^rrcKideitcy.,|': [Advertisement.]Girl* «itd|iWomen should understand PHRENOL-oov, to enable jt-hrni to avoid sejlish' and unmoral men, and also tu train and i'ducutc childreu properly. Exomiuatious at Fowi.iufc i^ Wi;i.Ls,'s,iNo. ZOU Broadway.3[Adverti«iem«nt,]T<j) frriE TRAVELING COMMUNITY.WOI.SK'S|c<wbraied SCIIIKK.VMAUOMATIC SCHNAPPSshould'«egolarly-estabih-hed meetings. a:.d at tlw beginuingof Bullet worth), l a d to use a peremptory tone to anietsection ~"Jof tMsI uirter, the " Ciiiefw of Bureaus and00 (Clt'.'k-«'of l|epiir jtneiiLs and HurettUB, shall hold officethe girl to reform. been arrested.Thus f a r th e procuress has not| ; e nineteenth century there were a s lustay a*liv. largeMr. Fowler—Mr."C being u'-terl-v overcome and un- able to sneak. They exhibited tefegraais !r>"i_ \Y'u"h-'I" duiin;r the tern! enjoyed by th Heads of Dcparf-and of making such changes as are deened advisable iiif-.lfj.d Of death, became the prospect before him. M r.in the church discipline. It'is also the highest appel-late tribunal known to the Society, and is frequently occupied with hearing and deciding the cases of those(;.t dueofthetruest friendsever manhad—resolvedgard«the.coninuaioninofficeofthopresentCluim-mer,preferringalittlewoodedisletforthispurpose. peranceisallegedtohavebeenthecausewhichinsti- A little straw upon the ground suffices for the nest, in gated hint to commit self-destruction: Deceased was aOXTHE^MURDER IN WEEHAWKEir^-Detective Roach oa Friday arrested Nathaniel Cox and Lawrence Cogan, whoareallegedtohethepersonswhottabbedMr.LIGHTWecopythefollowingnarrativefrom TheN. Y.FOWLERMYSTERY.terdaythemeetingsforpublicworshipoftheHicfcdteBranchwereheldatthemeeting-housesinHesterand Leader, Tillingintwoorthreenameswhichthewriter mencedlblongagoasthelatterpartoftheyear1858;week. the19thinst. Theaffray occurredintheferry- '•,'./ • houseontheJerseyside.ItseemsthatlateatnightaAnunusuallyheavyrain-stormfell overthecity Brooklyn,andwere,asusual,a;tendedbycrowdedtials: totell,n|r,perhaps,wasitintendedthatthisaccount onSaturdayafterno<n,aftermanjhoursofomin- audiences, drawn together by the virions motives of On last Thursday fortnight, Mr. Fowler.learned that should dj,< w. | The precise defalcation, it will be seen, ous threatening. The raiu fell in torrents for adayabout10o'clocka.m.,hefouud hisworst antici-pations realized, the Chief Clerk of the Auditor's De-.540 June 2i!. I) aft on S. Canfield... 10.7 34thattheverycharacterofourpopulationseemedtoun- forpaymentofthedeficiencyhavingbeenmade. The July7.l)nftonO.D.Stevens 883dergoachange—theTesideUtinhabtantsofallclas-cs inabilitytomeetthisdemandattheinstantandonthe July26.PialtonH.Stratley... 13570tsioners of the Department of Charities and Correc- tions ^have determined to erect, upon' a, site to be here- after selected, two houses to be used by the little one*friends who saw him on casual business, no signs of smiling, a s usual, a n d a t a dinner party given in Fifthat East New-York oh Saturday, and the result was a yesterday, theskywasclouded, andatduskthere victory for•tlie St.George Club. Thelatter Clubnuaabor ofconsumers, and the bountiful hospitality bi.y_particular mental trouble. He waschatty and To account ibniJan.1toMarch 31,lii60.. ..158,48324were indications of another show er.with which city Frieuds have always entertain d theircountrycousins,experiencedatthistimeacecidedad- avenueonthatevening'byAugust-Belmont,hewas IsaacV.FoNvler,P.M.,Njew-York,N.Y.inaccountwiththebarred the professionals of the St. George in this match, as they have none of their own, and therefore the St. George eleven was not as strong a one, by anyapparently in a s good spirits a s miy o f the other guests. United StatT:s. Cr. vance. lieleft,early,however,about9o'clock,pleadinga IR'8.—Kya(cou'nttransferredfromformeraccount....£|$4,16165AMUSKMKNTS.—Few novelties are promised for this week,theattractionsannouncedhithertohavingmeans,astheycanbringonthe,ground;andtheEastXovralltlusischanged. Thelarge,bu-uling.pro- jriorengagementelsewhere,andthenproceededtoCall1C5U.—Bye traservicesfromApril13toNov..23 Jan, 4. Kxtf services (hiring year ending Nov. 30 Jan. 4. P d . jilail messenger serviceNov: 22. Ihp.sited :625 25 00.'.-,. •1,875 00 7,00000proved so potent to fill the houses that they retain their places on the bills.vincial town, increasing a t a ratio which Babylon, o rThebes, or Kome, never approached, has become amighty metropolis; avast multitude of every kindred,tongue and people throng our thoroughfares, th nsandsof onr inhabitants know not of these annual invasionsof the Quakers, and the yearly meeting, sadly dimin- that be bad \yith him a warrant for M r. Fowler's ished in numbers since the palmy days of which w eNov. i>0. D p >sit;>rt '.Dec. 11. D c is'itedDec. IS. D S-iteirt....Dec. 31. D e -sitedDec. 3i.Dr ;on|J.N.Garrisoncanceled Fourth quariji r. Enid letter carriers' fees...;..6,000 00 9,00000 8,0'H)00 8,000 00 4,000 0040no 53tt32The g>.me was a well-played one on the part of the September next. Some additions will be made,butarrest. The Marshal remained inside and around the have been speaking, is scarcely numerous enough to hotel, but chiefly inside until about iX o'clock, and itFourth quaijt r. Paid exbeiiso of stamped envelope 'the Eai-t New-Y ork eleven, very little c a n b e said, a s arrested tjwo well known confidence operators b y t b oon a frit nd (E.F . Purdy) doing business at a bank in Aster place, with whom n e bad some outstanding pe- cuniary obligations, u o t y e t settled, ynor now everNew-York* rs did not present their strength, llender- 'son, C. Stokes,Harvey, and Walden not being present.likely to be.In themean time. Marshal Isaiah Kynders called atDec. 4. Dedli-ited.... ' 1.'St. George Club, particularly in bowling and fielding, and, in two instances, of batting also—the batting of Gibbes and Walker against th e splendid bowling ofthe sum to be expended will not greatly increase thei" amount called for by the original contract.ler, knowh..glthe Marshal's official intentions, must 1859—Jan. 1 Draft from (J. T . Van Winkle..ba-vestationed themselvesat thefront door, soasto March24.J K.L'ov..Il.patent safe and several worthless $100 bills o f the City-cairionMr.Fowlertoeut«r throughthesidedooron W a v e r l e y p l a c e , i f b e w i s h e d t o a v o i d a r r e s t .Jan. 8. D.pc itodL... Jan. 15.Der ited..... Jan. 2 2 . D < r « i t e dJan. 29. D ep .-ited..... Fob. 5. D e i i ted..•...:....... 6.01)0 00 feature, and it is announced for repetition all thisThis stratagem must have been successful, for at H iinbisbedroom, andhadsent foragentleman(Col. Fib.19.Dej Uej.tenacity to those peculiarities of garb, of address andof demeanor which once gave the sect its distinctive o'clock p . m . , o n that Saturday night, M r . Fowler w a s Feb. 12. D e j bUted/.'-,.. 8,00.1 0 0 .. 9,00" 00 .. 8,000 0 0 .. 8,000 ' 0 .-. 16,00"00.week. . . .ing tt single bye to be scored. Several American play-ers took part in the match on both sides—their fielding,in every respect, being u p to/the mark. T h e stormsixtv dav(Jas vagrants.THE JAP ANESE RECKPTION.—When th e Japanese embassadors arrive in New-Yjrk, they are to be es-character in the eyes of the world at large,-and which Hiram Fuller) who had been dining that day in the Feb. '26. Dt b i'cd the members in their own quaint phraseology Were New-York Hotel, to whom he stated with great emo- March 3. D fr sitedMorcu<12. D ] osited wont to speak of as "ahedge about them" which tion and many tears, the whole facts of the" case—an- Murch-19. D 1okijied.........'... 10,000 00 ..- 8.00000 .. 9,01)0 0 0 .. 12.00000 .. 7,000 0 0 .. 10,00000.'. 8,oao oo.-.' 9,00000..- 6,00000.'.11,00000 .. 10,000 00 .. 9,(WO00 .. 12,00000lishment for a/week, the company going to Brooklyn.During the present week, florists, painters, plumbers,and menskilled inallbranchesofdecorativeartwillwork nigto ard day to effect transformation in theGarden, which is intended to astonish the delighted'public. N x t week the house will be reopened with a Waller b.JA ndrews..could not bethrown down without exposing them tothe inroads ofa worldly spirit, certain in too endtowither and destroy th-ir ancient and precious testimo-nies. The strict surveilauce which the eldersaud small revolver with an ivory handle which lay uponP;.idFirst quarter. I\J. S . Mess.Letter-carriers..Serv r\ice...2-1,205 6 4 21.973 7 8lodged at the Metropolitan:. From Battery Place toBroadway; through Broadway to the City Hall,where they will be received by bis Honor thoMayqr;if«Mn t h e City Hall they will pass through1Broadway to Bond street.; through Bond to the Bow-ery; uptieBowery, and around Union Square. They* xri)l then jpass down Broadway to th e Metropolitan Hotel, wltLM-e they will be conducted t o the .apartmentsprepared for them.CoNTItACTSAlVAHDKDBYTHESTREETCOMMISSION- ER.—Thefoliowing contracts were awarded on Satur- day: .»For construct bis areas around tlie City ITall. t o J . E . WHtsow and Wm. How,jr., at sf3.ti65:to beconapleted in 90 days; tho secuiities arc;Geo. Alouutjoy apd W m . Baird, for $2,000. There wertf six bidsjBartlvm's American Museum.—Mr. C.W . Clarke,the popular manager of the dramatic department of the Mayor's < flice on Friday, stating that a young girl avenue, lor the ope of IJook a n d Ladder Company N o . lt> to>Museum, to-night and this afternoon takes a benefit. He announces for the afternoon the drama of " Char- lotte Temple" and "Sketches in India," and in the evening the play of " Pauline." Mr. Clarke is a very popular artist, and the entertainment promised is tin ex- cellentone. Mr.G.IJ.Fox,Mr.J. Lingard, Miss Fanny Herring, and Mis. France have volunteered.Old Adams's Menageries.—The biji tent is crowded cay and night, and will remain for some time longer at the old place, comer of Thirteenth street a n d Fourth avenne:Palace Garden.—The Floral .Festival held at this place fer the benefit of S t. Yinceht'a_ Hospital, closes to-morrow evening.nouncing thai his office had been taken from under his charge that morning, and that he would be arrested, if alive, on thenext Monday morning, by Kynders.March C6. I) \ (.sited.'.1858- Fourtl (natter .lL'5il—First q li titer. Paid Letter carriers.... April 2.Dejbhn-.dApril 9. Dcpjl> itolflApril 16. Delii sitedApril 2;i. I>ewoit|dApril ;.0. Detltbited...jMay 7. DcpcjkxtedL..-May 14. Ded{>lit*Ja --May 21. Dejloiitda...Maj 28. Deifcjitett...June 4 Deposited..:June 1 1 . DejwfciUjd10,000 0 0 10,000'00 8,000 0 0prevented the second innings from being played, andtherefore the match was decided by the result of the c( rted through the following streets prior to being'" B u t I do not intend to live," he said, poinding to aST. GEORGE'S^. 7|Tiltb. Cuyplis dressing-table. " I want to write some farewelldramatic company consisting of the Nelson sisters, Miss \\. Robinson b Ciiyp...... . OjWalker not out..."liettsb. Andrew^...." . 2IK. Van Buren b . Cuyp. Mary Wells, Miss Polly Marshall, Messrs. Mark LcTig b Cuyp............. . 5 Vinton b. Andrews....... 1 ..19 .. 0 ,. 4 ..10..70'notes in the morning: but my.nerves are unsteady,assume the traditional broad brim and straight coat, which Fowler accidentally wounded Samuel F . But- June 18. D.:]oi.itt-(i..' long beards, andeven an occasionalmustaehejare Urworth ? Itwillberemembered that Fowler then June 25.Pejjc*»it<!idT. Morris, b. WallerVeacb b. GibbesWi n d i e b . G i b b e s . . ' Noitli b.Gibbes Watson b. WallerEAST NKW-lORK.y. 01Vanriy (;. Gibbes b. Waller. . 4... .61Bedford b. Gibbes. ,0 . 0 A n d r e w s c . T i l t b . W a l l e r . . . Zseen in alarming proximity to the high seatsin the made a present of thepistol to the injured party; and812 19 986 5 7 646 83 886 69 587 68 786 92;Neic Bwvery Theater.-—Mr.; J. W. Wallack, jr.,and ^HW b. Gibbes..... 5 Cuypnotout . 9. 4.10, .. .4 . 1S e c o n d q u a r' t•; r l U . S . M e s s . S e r v i c e . t h i s p i s t o l h a p p e n e d t o b e o n e o f t h e w e a p o n s u s e d b y F i r s t q u a r t e r . L e t i e r - c u r i i e r s . . . . . . .Daniel E . Sickles a t th e time when h e shot Barton First quarter. Uirijelopo Agency... Key in Mr.Butterworth's presence. Buttoreturn to Second quart- if Lef>cr carriers| froiiji A. M. Lane.DialThe friend—a gallant Colonel—to whom M r. Fow- July 2. Depolitedjl.. July 9. Depo iiedtt.. annual gatherings, as if vainly seeking to discover ler' made tie foregoing request, dissented from the ex- July 16. Deposited..: : /cester.•s y n a g o g u e , a n d t h e s u r v i v i n g a n c i e n t F r i e n d s , w h owere brought up in strict observance of the external order, and whom the progress of innovation has notStokes c. Tilt b. Gibbes....Vmpirrr*-ToT East New-Y ork, Sams: S t . George's, S . Wright.our story: inarrSctrcrs— For East New-York, H.Chadwickj St.George's,W . II. Taller.estant Reformation. Denying alike the authority of bedroom were closed, so'as to prevent persons on the; Oct. 8. DepofItedJPope, of Episcopacy, of the synod, and of the clericalorder, and proclaiming as its fundamental articleof room were notlighted, asthere was a-fan-light over Oct. 29. DvfxBi-cdoutside from seeing in, and the lamps in h'S sitting-bis door, opening into the hall, which would have be- Nov. 5. Depolitedfaith the doctrine that G o d himself, a s o f old, revealshis wiil directly to every human heart, Quakerism trayed to Pyndtrs, who was in the house, that the-ten- Nov. 19. Depositee!ant of therooms was within. "The friend who had been called into consult n o wfceemsto be the Protestant idea carried out to its la?t de-velopment. Macaalay for some unaccountable reason has took a seat b y Fowler's bedside, representing all mat- Dec. 17. Depositeep r o g r a m m e George, w h o is the star a n d strength of the company, appears inVOunp majl 18 years ol* uze, employed a s a brakeinan on tho Har- where she related ber experience. She liad been in- was running into Fordiiam, and a portion of the train passed overabusedtheofficeofthehistorian,audportrayedthechar- acter cf the early Quakers, in terms of mingled ferocityion of mankind has long since placed among its purest dent, he would have no fear—he (Mr. F .) having done Fourth Quart r, ex ra mess services benefactors, he has singled out as the onject of the his best to carry out. the Administratioi: programme at i860.some of his best characters.duced to go to the house in Morris street by the repre-r-entaiicn of Mrs. Fms that she was smart], and could -Messenger'Service.. and sarcasm; some of them > whom the common opin- until after th e Baltimore Adj'-urned Convention. M r . Fourth quarle [J. IB. Messcnecr ServiceMinstrels.—DanBryant, who has been forb ir.-t quarter.Fowler replied tbatif the ti-ing rested with the Presi- Fonttli bcartcB p. MesseiiKcr Se.'vicc.1,875 00936 57 some weeks absent, reappears, to-night. Of coursethe earn a gr-at deal more money and more pleasantly as (juence of bavins fallen into a kettle ofboilint; fut. The accident jCI aileston-7but that h e apprehended danger from Jun. 7. Depo* n.-d.. Jan. M . Depc ]itcd.12 00 16.000 00tu.OOo 0012,0.100) 11,00!)00 1,000 0 0 9,(!{I000evening, the Rev. Mr.•Mil-occuhed at a fat-boiling bousein Thirty.-ninth street, between/ . servant there tl an at t i e hotel. When she got there Tenth and : Eleventh avenues, where the deceased «as workiug.(He was immediately conveyed to the New York Hospital, where >y she was kept closely imprisoned for tw o days, after he died ip d.Jew hours....Francisca Nickit-nber, a (German. \t.bt-expiration ofwhich•shewasvisitedbyaman, won an aged;23years,livingatN'o.18Leonard street,diedoumost persistent misrepresentation; but'the fact is well-known', notwithstanding v e slanders of this powerful who would be very likely to insist on immediate and Jan. 28, Depot)lited.Feb. II. Depo ited. anywhere of fidelity to principle, <r of patient and Gradually, thefatigue and sleeplessness of the night Feb 1!! Deposited.. before began to have its cllec-ton th e troubled mind and F.b Deposited. long-sulJ'erinKheroism, combined with a spirit of Chris- worn frame of the ex-Postmaster; and at U o'clock on March."'. Depositedtian forgiveness Of injuries, than areto befound iu Sunday morning, the friend rose, leaving him fast March 10. D.-);osi-.( March 17. Den} sitecAt the close, t h e painting o f the Courto fDeathwillthe annals of this peaceable people.The proselyting spirit which the.early Quakers pos-sessed, in common with all new s*'cts, soon sent itsministers forth into every part of the world, and tt.eAmerican continent became at an early period thehome of numbers of the'adherents of thenew faith.They continued for more than a century to increasewith much rapidity. The tierce perseeuti >nsand occa- T! ey woke up this third party, had a hurried consulta- the aiiioi.nt du Ithe( nited Stales bv 'he said "Isaac V'..i''o»|ler.W. MED1LL, Controller.asleep m t>ed, and crept on tiptoe outof the room. Scarcely had he gone, when a carriage drove up to thedoor,"andtwotruefriendsof ourlate Postmaster,Messrs. B. (S.L.M. Barlow] andT. [S. J; TildenJ jumped out. Thev were told by"the clerk that Mr. F . wns notat home; buttbey were notsatisfied, and/ in- sisted on seeinga party 'M r.C.j [Hiram Cranston] ro- sining in theNew-York Hotel, Who is known at all•V:::u-h2-t. Dc]osi!c(March 31. DepVirccApril 7. Depojiu-d.. F.ib.4.Ai'nouijtpule1ICarrieisforfourthquatter1859... March26.StaiKpedIEnvelopeAgency,'thirdandfourth16,000 DO 69192Sanitnn, Squad reports, appointed Mr.Proctor of the -he derived a considerable income. In the present Charles Geizejr•willingly took the money, but, instead of putting Pirn Ward doorman ofthe House of Detention, in the case she .aot $G fur- the first house to- which it to the ustj intended bv bis emplover, departed with it to part*tion with him, and then allthree went down stairs,and were about knocking at the door of F.'8 bedroom',jcariy meetings onthe continent. These yearly meet- ington ofstill later date than the dispatch received onings are entirely independent of each other. Though his return to the'hotel that evening b y himself; a n d " ments, uulif: i uter removed," uid ConKerjneatlythe delight • of hundreds of spectators, looking in a . SLICIUK.—Coroner Jackroan on Saturday concludedMaintaining the most fraternal relations and confidence, these telegrams were of such a nature that thev knew Kynders however well disposed he might, be,dare not,cinch w'Kupreme within the limits of itsown jurisdic- i.elay arresting the nian mimed iu his warrant, if Saidtion, ai;d hii» full control of the subordinate <|uarter!y man"should bo found, in th e hotel after daylight thatiind monthly meetings of which it-is constituted. The Sunday morning. \the Chamber ain cij|uld be. removed by the Hame,powcrt> that appointe 1 hi unless the late act o f t h e Legislfi-few hours dtciccdly the better for their ablutipue.the inquest on the body of Valentine Hick, who com-mitted suicide on Friday morning by shooting himselfyearly meeting is held for the purpose of receiving re-ports from these meetings.of the state of the Society,Huiriedly then they packed upa rewchuhgo36flin.cn, coats,&c.,"intoa,valise,Mr.F.meanwhile dressing bin sell, a n d rather beginning t o ' show relief as flight,poetry of motion; and so much is it sought after andaud kissed her, ai.d immediately took a pistol from thoriiihly corn etsjtlje illet.ectt. of eb.auge of wmther, aud.as a bev- erage it is tlje pincst lb;uor made in the world.Put upiujpifejandquurtbottles. SoldbyallDr.iggista,Gro- cers ui.d F.rhieStwres." Ajf. »<>, W ' o u x ' i t P n i K C o n s A,C, "''iKAXT»Y IX BoTT1.KS." "MAJDKIKA, SlIVKKY, AN1>"" P o u t WINK," "Fo«MEDICALESK."Families |^\'ho u s e Wiueg should give t b o preference to t h *above.Th.jyareallwarrantedpureandthebestquality-Each, ruleal-riiiildiegu'lioiisc on lot No. 132 Amity street, for the use ofHook and LmjtderCompany No. 3—six bids: t o Charles Vander- "vooit, at tijG,^}; time and sureties same as the other contract to>same parly. ;|! ;ACCTBENT.S ANn INQCESTS.—Edmund Desmone, afMKKT,tjn.es to have shared Mr. Fowler's entire confidence* 18(;i»._J bereb} Icerti ,- the same, a s above Bfcatt-d, exhibits trulyto raise a purse next day which should place M r.F . lici-lain/'ihe a t;of tlie IjegiHluture WJIS intended to;re-be)ondanyreasonablewantforacoupleofyears—the moveadouhliUto!whetherthe-.Chamberlainshouldwhichfromlivetoeighteggsarelaid. Theperiodof German,aged39years. incubationisonemonth,andonlyonebroodishatched rendered.'inaseason. Theyoungareofadullpaleslatecoloron the body and neck, and of a dirty white below, dur-ing the first year, j^id do not attain to their fullAverdictofsuicidewasrun/, a s w e have heard, being$8,Q0U—which hits.since,whodeemthemselvesaggrievedbythedecisionsofthe allbut$2000,beensubscribed..Onthispoint,how--heinofficefofoii'yearn,like,theController,orgo| bottle bus tl^e importer's certificate o f its purity. Fo " J)7 * IApoihccaiiejs,Fruit Stoies,Grocers,audattheUepot,No.23*vcr—theexactamountofthesum—wearenotsosure as en th e other particulars of this narrative.rule in regiit-qof artand curiosity, were desolate and bare. All tieunited action, j books, pictures, and bronzes were removed; the many "The GliaiNo more perfe.pt exemplification of the idea of a pure pies.nts made to M r . Fowler b y female anfl other to the truth olocal monthly meetings. T h e yearly meeting, like other business meetings ofthe Friend/, isopen only to members of the Society.AWNING P'JSTS.—Thepolice are making a general onslaught tbrought the city upon awnings and awning posts whicii are put up contrary to tho city ordinances. Although*strictregulationshaveexistedonthesub-heaver-st;All tho arrangements being soon ended, atjusfsevon'minutespast ^ o'clock a.m.,onthemorningoflastSunday, week, Isaac V . Fowler, leaning on the arms ofhisfriends,Messrs.B.andT.tookfinalleave asa resident)oftheNew-YorkHotel;and-by8oclickon fectualcheckifThe cygnets follow the oldbirdsuntilthenextbreedingsens>",.whenthofrom living off, which they aievery apt.to do at theapproach of Winter, the first joint of one wing is usual-[ Advertisement.JMRS. WINSLOW,The men and women are organi/ed. into separate-meetings, each having jurisdiction over its own affairs,and in fact being independent of each other, except Sunday morning, when Kynders again called, t h ethat the discipline cannot be changed but by their^ roomswhich beoccupied andhadso filled with objects (ptCHtionMr,mouh1beplacedunderthomostef- re•wjisuorepealofthoformercob,ormale,drivesthemaway.Topreventswansjectofunsightlyandinconvenientawnings,peopleAn experiences Nurse and Female Physician, h a s a SOOTHIW«SmuvKOKi'n|tL»HKNTitKTMiwo.whichgreatlylaoihUteathoprocess o f T i t h i n g , b y softeniug^the ||uma aud reducing jtll i m - i'eetimig,L,-..-democracyistobefound intheworldthanabusiness friendsnolongerwerelittered roundthotableinthatremoval. Tl r e m o v a l a b aly removed. These pretty creatures are very tame, are plentyofwoodenawningpostBtohebeenfromton I isanold rnd well-tried remedy. 7IPniCa ONLY 25 CKKTH A BOTTLH.swimming up to the banks andreadilyeatingcake, iotwelveincheeinthiekneBUj Borne aresquare, aomo None gen liile unle»» the fac-slmlle of CvxTW k J^OXPftlhrcud,gruin,orotherdelieaciejBoutoftirohand. Tho\octagonal,andsomeround; bomoofthemarotwiceaa New-Y'ork,tt <i)ntlie ouUide wranper.Sold by Dtafgbts thrvughout, the vroxli*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069meeting o f t h e Friends. There in n o chairman, n oa d m i r e d c o n f u s i o n w h i c hh i t s s o o f t e n a r r e s t e d t h e e y e•little folks when they go to the Park will remember long as other*. Models for proper awnings, at tf* dinary hotel furniture—the clerk announcing "to all special sectinn. provides for the removal of Charter this, and provide a store of dainties for their pets, j time of the adoption of the ordinance, were, placed inJuly 21.78 78 14,000 00 10,00000 10,000 00 9.00D 00 8,000 00 • 7,000 0010,01X1 0012,00000 8,000 0 0 11,000.00 11.000-00 7,000 0 0 12,000 0 0 2000 25.293 89 25,809 16 • 1.875 00 1,893 97 936 57 556 15 12,00000 9,000 00 8,000 0 0 9,00000 8,00000 10,001100 .8.000 00 •10,000(Ml 8,00000 8,000 0 0 11,000 00 7,000 00 12.000005,0000i1,875 00Whitbipr JVH. Fowler was' taken in the carriage by adjudged;—Laws of'1857, p. 890, § 49. Indepen-est Winters they remain afloat, nestling up at night iawere allowed to forget that any such regulation ex-dently of this, and by a .separate section, a pow.ec tolionNavyYard. TheCourt3scom^eIotthefallow- subjectmilefsthefrie:dsaregenerallyuniteduponit. state, u-owas,however,welltakencareof,andsuf- removesuchofficerforcausesigvestedin-theMayor themfromfreezingbytheirnaturalheatandthecon- .dayfjpfi><t,beenbescigddbypersonswhoimaginedthaijStatesXavy,commencedonthe2I&foist*,at tbojBil- stoodthatnoaffirmativeactionis.to1*takenuponanying officers: CHpt. Silas I I . Stingham, President «>r the It is n o t extravagant to say that the'very highest having felen.s.hnycd off.on Sunday morning, and a pair " These are entirely dili'crent po\vers. The one is a stant motion of their great weB feet. the pol ce had no-business to tear down their awnings.|Winslow, all of the United Staus Navy.sity of ( iiguise must iiiitself have proved to a man of a' ounded with ministers richly endowed with talents his pert* IliaI pritlo a terrible, almost compensating, pun-own discretion.'seem sufficient. Penid* Ion 5»-hereby fArcn to erect post" for the support of. «a "For an improper exercise of that-discretion, there Court of Gener/il Sessions for arson and murder, some nwim.n in frAiit o f premise* No. . Sbeh pout* and th« C-OWH/0(Tuesday).' •/ THEFRIENDS'YEARLYJ U - iMEETING.tortheirvocation; aiid allwho have listened tothe s<ntimci.tsofferventpietyatdelevatedhumanityin- enhated b y Lucretia Mott, in language a t once simple, touching,andimpressive,willadmitthatthistalentis notyetextinctamongthem.ishmoLt .issafeoButthatisallovernow,and webelievehe oilthecountry.isii serious responsibility; butthevalidity of.are- movalcannothequestioned onaccountofanydefect in'the cause asaiynod, .or because th o removed officer was denied a hearing."Theremovaloft'eChamberlainin:officeinApril, iP(;0,.wasanactwithinthepower of,the Mtiyot-and Board of Aldermen; an ',- consequently, I thiuk M r. Piatt was duly appointed.''CITYITEMS.•weeks ago,when tie Jury found it impossible to agretf'uponaverdict,istohetriedagainto-morrowrail tobeofiwiri,andtoconform inail r«;sp.;ct«toexisting ordi- lioeeef. Ibeero:'c-rsitalinl)beninefeet <ujdnornorofromthw curb utor.pio the fop of said rail. 'Ilje posts shall be placed next to arid along the enrb uionc.nnd sbill b e securely brtced front the bvl'd!l»ff with wrongbt-rr-n nils or rods, a t lenst one hich i » dicrr;rt<T.in»hv.proportionofon*rbracef<»eachpost.Thelast,bntnotthelea»t,characteristicoftheMayTHE POST-OFFICEDEFALCATION,anniversaries—the Friends*early meeting—is in session|*thia week. Thcprelimi|aj-y meeting of "Select Friend*,">n>isto*ay*ofthosewhohaveattainedSothedegreeWoi 3fEn»to» and Elders, convened on Saturday. Yes-•Noporfioifofthecan.rssn»ed»*RDnwningshall hangJoowly down o\*:r the sidewalk, under the penalty of * 5 .Messrs.HB.andT.,it'would notbein good.tast.o tofered but li tie-restraint—his luxuriant black whiskers and Boaid of Alderailn.In reply, the Street Commissioner explained to them fNTanie* L . Gardner, William Smi h, Henry K. Tlmteier, ings. This w a s especially the case prior to the an- win r-ev •^placed in any situation where those not in cause; the other is a power to remove.for audi cause THE CASE O F JAMES SHKPHARD;—James Shephard, that the legal.regulations are according to the follow-.Court., Capt*. Samnel .Mercer. George A. McGrnder, oreerofeloquence issometimes heard atQuaker meet- of gold ipietudes completely altering his appearance power toremove on trial, and for a competent legal•John S.Mirisroon;Stephen C.Bownn. andJobs A. hsppyschismof18^'8,upto which time theSociety hisin«mkHateconfidencecould seehim. Tinsueoes- astotheremovingpowerSnail,in,the exercise ofits thealleged wife-burner, whowastried before'the ingpcmit:W e upaccountcurrentofIsaacW.FowlerwiththeGov- ernment overing a period of nearly a year and a half. From.tili;,it;wouldseemthatthedefalcationcom-p t llishbelow adetailedb n tsomewhatmixed-Twenty-^-.venthstreets,andinSchcnm-rhornstreet, inThe.Leaderhasomittedorindicatedoulybyini- thoughi*r<:ciselywhenorhowit.begun,itisnoteasytie Postmaster-Genera), having returned from Florida, is $155,5. 31ij A warrant of distress isin the hands of whilo, flooding the streets, and cleansing them most thor- Japanese Princes, to be given by the city, under the i of them commenced an aseault upon an unoffendingdevotion, of curiosity, and of r.dminuion for the prover- had dropped on the trail of the deficiency in the New- the TJniujc States Marshal, by which he is.requ.ired to oughly- Eventually, it pubsided into a more moderate management of the Messrs. Belaud of the Metropolitan J German. Mr. Copper interfered, and finally put tho•bialbeautyoftheyoungQuakerdamselswhoattendon YorkPost-OlRce.Thisinformationmayprobablyhave shower,alternatingwithameredrizzle,untilbetween Hotel,comesoffonMonday,the11thofJune. Thet h e s e o c c a s i o n s i n g r e a t n u m b e r s f r o m t h e r u r a l d . s - b e e n - c o m m u n i c a t e d b y s o m e o n e o r o t h e r o f t h e p o r - c o l l e c t f r i] a I s a a c V . F o w l e r a n d h i s s u r e t i e s , G e o r g etricts. To tbese were added many vi the larir» class of soi al friends retained in the Department at Washing- Law and Gustavns A . Conover, the balance. as above 9 and 10 o'clock p. m., when a second edition arrived, eri'ir.e establishment of Nihlo's Garden, includiag the attacked him fiercely, and, during the scuffle whi«htonthroughMr.Fowhr'spoliticalinfluence.'onr citizenswhoinherited::ninfusionofQuakerblood Onthenext day(Friday)Messrs.Butter.worthandsufficient to inspire an interest in the traditions and Hall (of the firm of Campbell, Hall &. Co.) started for progress o f t h e sect which leads them lo.join withthose in strict communion on these anniversary occa-sions. The business meetings will be held during thepresent week, commencing tJiis morning.T h e y e a r l y m e e t i n g t h o u g h s t i l l a n e v e n t o f m u c himportance to those of the " household of faith " andtheater,ball-ioom,saloons, etc.,hasbeensecuredforbaoofcoursea?verydeepinterestiuthematter,hising. CoronerJackmansummonedaJurytoholdan i n q u e s t o n . t h e b o d y , b u t i t w a s a d j o u r n e d u n t i l t o - day* The prisoners are all detained to await thcr result'of the investigation.firm caving been for many years mixed u p with Sea-• 1Stat en.Dr ^ 1 2 9 , 4 2 1 7 .91 44:. 40 00 11 63 5 00 .. 24.205 64 ..148,12tt5'Jments. One of the splinters from "the closet struck a them was in relation to intoxicated persons who mayi i a n , ' W e n d e l l , , a n d F o w l e r , i u t h e b u s i n e s s o f t h e p u b - - 1K.">8. O c t . 1 t o D e c . 3 1 , l f l S f ibe brought before the Police Courts. They resolved that in all cases where prisoners were too drunk to be examined and give satisfactory answers to ques- tions, they should b e remanded t o the nearest Station-lic printing and thesupply ofpaper toth« Department. On Friday night, M r . Fowler's usual courage seemsDec, 20. DlidloiiD. Strang Dec. 20. D&ft on J. N . Gunion Dec. T2. Diat't o n 1. Fenia;childon the head, causing some perious bruises, but, no further damage was done to the building or inmates. The 6treets in the lower parts' of this city, as well as Brooklyn and Williamsbnrgh, were completely Hoodedtheir intimate connections, has been of lare years sadly to have desertea him, a n d h e walked t h e streets until Oct llr-Fniai UJIS. DistriCt-Attornoy shorn of its ancient glories. In tho first th^ee decades daylight on Saturday morning, without being able to Jan. 4. From letcer-cnrriersstated. Byvirtueofthiswarrant,the Marshalhasleviedupm thepropertyofthesaid officer andhissureties i i Richmond County and the City and Countyof New YorkJand a record of such levy is made in theoihee ofthe Clerk ofthe Southern District. Court.IsaacV.FtwlorJiP.M.New-York,juaccountwiththeUniteandthetempest ruled atinterval*throughoutthere-mainderofthenight,withanaccompanimentofheavythunder and most vivid lightning. Tho tenement-house No. 170 Hester street, was ewuck by lightningduring'tbe storm. The electric current entered the ing of the Board of Police Magistrates was held on street, New-York, where he died on Thursday morn- first-storywindow,shatteringaclosetnearby,tofrag- Fridayevening. .TheonlydefiniteactiontakenbyMay 20.DilitoriI).S VanDamTotal $982,440 7 2ugency ...:'Mali'.'... / . . :919 61 .$49,5(15 8 3.. $-15 Tl 483 .. 20,000,00 .. 9,0;)0 00 .-. 12,0000()Second quarr.( rl Envelope Agency...Mr. F . B.' Conway, are the stars a t this house; they appear to-night a s Gloster and Richmond, i n " Richard III."JulyAug.j\u«.Aug. 20. UoptUited..Awg. 27. DeplMiteilSept 8. DeportedSept. 10. Dc^pKitedSept. 17. Denolitej)Sept. 24. Der|biite|lSept.25. Dejjjmta\Second quartjlii Ejiid letter carriers..... Tl.ird qnurteij] Vial letter carriers Second qurrter'. lj| S. Messenger Servic Third.quaiten] II.'. h>. Messenger Service. Third quarterl TT. p. Messenier Service.30. Deposited.. 6. DepojjwedL.. .13. DepMu-B..C'hales Vandjervoort. n t &6.M4 : time, five months; sureties, Joh» II. Robertson a n d Win. Webb, lo r ^,000. Tliere were ouJjr tour bios. |Third quarter , Letter Oct., 1. Depo.-ited.lcarriers.'[, • mEXCISE JCOMMISSIONERS.-—The Board m et in the?(;<-t. 15. D»-p< Htedl Oct. 22. Dep(Nov. 12. Dep )<-ite< Nov. -/';. Dep-Saloon.—The for this week .is one of unusual interest.in which guise she -visited and became intimate withMargaret, who wasthtn engaged- as. servant atPe-quarters 185!I ISalance '•-.1.629 72 155.55131placeofJamesKelly,removed.. .-, shebarteredtheuirl andasmuchforthesecond,after v.InchMa'garetfelloutwithher.andwentwhereshe fore.' Hewas'committedtoprisonhidefault of#^00bail.Total., TltJMM'KY Kl'.M$982.140 72 OKKICK, M a y 1 1 ,pleased. She (Margaret) stayed six o r seven weeks iu Union,"' in James stree't, as the mistress of One JohnnyBcRNEnJro DEATH.—On Thursday evening JaneCarroll. «g< il tl years, residing at No, 2;VI East "Fourteenth street,titedpointmentof Nat!anC.Piatt,esq.,tosupercedeMr. St<mt. u s Cliii uiber tin of *iio city, o])iniona have been solicited and reccised ,.v the Mayor from the Corpora? lionCounsel Mi OretineC.Bronson,audfrom Charley O X onor. No further progress toward the Ecttlement of the t alter has been made. M r . Stout, it appears, at li-Ht .vas willing that the decision of, the Supreme Court H rould be obtained, in order to have the mutter i nick) settled, but when M r. Piatt ex- pressed himF If to he same effect, he backed out.Judge YJro i^ou] <a> s, in reply to the Mayor,'that themodiouscapebythemselves,,wheretheyhadplentyofroom to range about, b u t from lack of their favoritetochangethemodeoflifesljehadfallen into,evenatt h e r e q u e s t o f h e r m o t h e r , j C a p t . H u r t p r o p o s e d t oNEWIM>1X'HOSPXTA£..—WeeklyReporttoMay25f• • ; / . : : :'named Margaret Quinn, th e daughter of a respectablewoman living near Quarantine, Staten Island,hadbeen enticed to this city, and that 6he was known tohave been in a low hoise of prostitution at No. 8Morris street. Capt. Bu'tt took the matter in hand,and sent several olliceis to find, the girl. They re-turned en Saturday with the report that she wasatNo. 64 James street, a house of similar character.They also ascertained that t h e girl h a d been enticedfrom homo and brought to this city by au| abandonedprocuress, a German woman b y the name o f Ems, t h e 'Common iPIeas Court-Room o n Saturday morning, wife of an emigrant runner, who hud effected the girl's and granted six licenses—three to inn-keepers and threo ruin by representing that she wa' a washerwoman, to storekeepers. Adjourned to Monday, at 10 a. m .('(..NTKOI.l,Kit's'.,.I'uildinifallionseonlotNo. 100Cedar street, fortheu*eof Enpine Company No. 20—sixbid>; to John AleCool, at $4,240; time, five inrjiitlia ;sureties, James Redman and Jobu. li. Hease- • don for$3,(100.The swan, with its full, rounded form, long, slender, Direprovidedliotl•contrary,whichwaanotthecase. archingneck,andsnowyplumage,isthemost,beauti-",fhat. act Him ly ]>i|•vidci ibat the Chamberlain i^liall not hold cfih < Ul'lei the expinition of the preatnt Can- tiollcr't*termin tlie head with a pistol. His wife states that became b^ in tl e. bdniis o f every traveler. N o family should louve tne-'ful of all water-fowl, its movements are the very home in the morning, picked up their little daughter city or.bewithci.t a supply during thei warm "weather. Itiuva-Christy's Minstrels-,Nihlo's• Bryant'shome will be crowded.Cooper Insti/iitr.—Thisburn will deli verbis very amusing lecture o n " What a Blind Man saw in England," a t the Cooper Institute.O.00000 be exhibited without extra charge. 12.000 009,00(100 15.00000It was also ascertained that the woman Kms^was a professional procuiess, and made it a-business to go outa.swasherwoman fortin s-^epurposeofenticingd lual deaths. ''•'•. [ : . ; | j •UNFAITHJKIVL SERVANT.—Charles Geixer, a man iathe enployofMr.JacobFriedman, No.473Grand-si., v/a« in- trusied. onthe 2t'th o f March last,'with t h e sum-of $85, t o b o p;id to the New-York Gas-Light Com;.any, as per gas bilLCOMMISSIONERSOFPOLICE,—ThisBoardmetatthe-ll.ooo 00 usual hour on Saturday, and after disposing of the ;ri Is to particular houses, from which profession18.000 Oo, 7,00.) ooTHE SWANS FOK THE CKNTKAT, PAUK.—The steam-ship Bavaria ani7ed on Saturday, from Hamburg, a Udtonous oa'nce-ho se called " T h e Flag of O u rsome sheltered nook,,and keeping the' water aroundhtcd./.?ne Street Commissioner's office fms, for severalTHKHEENANTESTIMONIAL.—Atanadjoumc4dmeet-ing of the-gentlemen having this, matter in charge,held a t the Malta on Friday night last, $1,500 in cashwas handed in. The subscription -thrives finely alloverthecountry,andtheprospectnowisthat$'25,000will beraised. Heenan willdoubtlessbehomethis John Coprcr, the Weehawken Ferrymastcr,OHTHE.JAPANESE BALL:—The grand ball for the .number of drunken rowdies got on the boat, when onethepurpose.•ensued,hewas stabbed several timesinthesideand! abdomen. Theruffians immediately fled, buttwoof them were shortly after arrested and locked up. M r .In WUliamsburgh,'considerable. . Thetelegraphic reports, was swept by the same drenchingrain, the storm having passed over Oswego in the first contest this season betweenjhesc Clubs took place hund.red and fifty feet in length, and both will be well morning, doing a great deal of damage there. DuringLaura Krone's Theater.—Mr. Jefferson's manage- rial enterprise is in a most promising condition, the house having been crowded every night for th e past week. The "Invisible Prince" has been the greatnameofStephen PaceandWm.Bowen, whowero respect distinguish themselves. T h e fielding of th e endeavoring to swindle some California passengers. Amaj. rity of their eleven was very mediocre, thewicket-keeping being especially loose. The long- Trust and iBanking Company were found intheirpo«- stopping, however, was first-rate, Watson not allow- session, Justice CoimoJlv sent, them to'the island forNibio'$Garden.—Mr. Nixon h a s closed this estab-first—which was as follows:who succeeded, contrary to her will, and notwithstand-h:gh(;r efforts and screams, in violating her person. b<-ld hiqueste in all the above cases, resulting i n verdicts o f acci-element tb<-y were not quite so pre entable upon th<<ir the.(riil that she should go back to her mother, but she Admittedio Muy.25... ..... 35arrival,astheywill.bealtertheyhavelavedforafew didnorliketheidea. Hethenadvisedhertogoto PirchaiK^d;curedorrelieved..35pjl-d.. .J. .1 • *• cays in the ponds of the. Park. They are in perfect, some ihariinble institution n:in reform, which plan was. •Jtcmuiiijilg lit date 1091euJfch, however, having borne the voyage well, eatiugevery day as heartily as fch.ugh they had still been fed still mote distasteful. He finally told her that she by the belles and btan.x and little, boys aud girlbof would probably be sent to t ie Island as a prostitute inMa'lesl 1W>; Females. 42. [Advertisement.];n y other ea<-e whereupon idie expressed herself wil- beautiful banks of the Inner Al^ter. The thoughtful ling'to goback toher mother, and gave informationast JAPANKSE EMBASSY. Just reccivcJ from Washington, on exhibition a tHamburg, from tae pl-asant Jvagfemsteig, on the burghfrSj who have made this present to the people ofNew-Y ork, sent a,keeper a t their own expense, along with- the swans to look after them on, t '0 passage, and to 'each the Park keepers how to lake care of them. Soor, after their arrival they were transferred to the park, and placed in the Skating Pood, where they swam and dived, and Buttered about in great glee, toto when; t-he might lie found. It appears that the note giving infoi mation of the ease to the Mayor could not 1nye been written by her mother, as her mother know wl.-nt were lier condition a n d surrounding^, a n d h a d alieady done all she could, without success, to inducei" B 1<Al>Y'S G A LlKltT, ••'"•!:'. N o C43 Broadway,piizcdfortheadornmei^tofornamentalwater,thatitMr. O'Con )x narc< i with Mr. Bronson that, aare- is rarely killed for- the table. It breeda in the Sum- nnd discharged it." H e died almost instantly. Intem-otitofofficewith;he"Controller,thoughappointeda year ear ier; lint H w;;,s an inadmi.-'siblo supposition thatthirtact•vHi'iHiitendedtoinakc thepresentCham, for, of all officials, the keeper ofmherlatu irreui thepublicmcplumage until the third year.o matter.O n the vital part of thei MDmottier*. It(dor says:in was not entitled to a hearing aslity of the caueea which induced his reflect of tho roquieition tliat thy f o r CUUBO i n t o c o m p e l t h e r o i n o v i n gDepend upoji ML!mother*. It will give resUo yoitmelves aud relleland health twyqur.infants. Perfectly saf.) i n all cases.Millions ofDlpttles are sold every year In the United State*.Untitled Documentbuivau-drawer,placedthemuzzleofitinhismouth,have in most cases continued from the beginning to put ther.nup intheirownway. Atthepresent.timetherewin alhty all pidu, aud is siSre to regulate the bowelt.•M| r o w d i e s o u t s i d e t h e f e r r y - h o u s e . T h e n t h o r u f f i a n *»BOABDOF POLICE MAGISTRATES.—The second meet- fiCopper was brought to his residence in Forty-secondBuildiiifr-hpiiKeffnlotNo. 70Burrow street, fortheuse of Ifoso Core'p.-iityNx>j 40—fiv<> bids; to John ?>IcCool„at sf3,843; time and snr( ties the'Wunc as above.ei nseqiience o f the bursting of'a fluid lamp. Coroner Scbirmecui.-kiiown. :ini} did not show himself again until Saturday, when he WLScontre'lUedbyMr.Friedniauat theEssexMarketPolice- Comt, hiivi'jjgjfallen inlo the bauds of the police a short time be-tlamuiation i will aluty all pa' www.fultonhistory.com 