 Ifbean the- wind as It first sweeps the AU tneee places might be well ven- Inttw nsoal manner. The air-ptunp rodsunshiny. A timber-laden brig passed within 130 vation, aad the great leviathan tearing along in the feefof us, giving her astonished crew a noble sight rear. I can never stop talking about the splendor ofjdeceofpaner. Theupaad takenin. 3P.II.-Ll|htwindK.M.W.SP.IL-YerT down motion of the piston-rod to therefore eommn- lishtbreeseW.8. W. At night, wlna N. and K. veryTHE CIBBAT'KUnrBBn.lOimifmtitnmPirwt J>f(.] TV«tt*Mito*«efCTeaat. IMHtfttl* for to-day,e«M*a«MiWi«M| t«f'^»Mehlith«ia-H>.lfaHN,fc a*I«art1I S. R., Aymgekaota per actual hourTotal aistmea from NeedlesBighast speed by logventure" oa the first voyage of the most splendidainca tb««Mit< >«T'>l<><iOD*on Thursday moinlag, whiok wUl be, aocordiag tomonatarlynsaablMa ska* flMa any «Mr H^-^PjMjIttii^ tliir>l*r>Mlfaddtas ware 9.478 sb that day, ud but 9.696 on dlt to the -latfcrnir"--' shade of Us logarltkmlehod «o ngkniSIXTH OAT OF THB TBIP.fVa« i«Mis Aim 23, (• J«Mi>, Aaw 23.—The Uler-diary of the enflna, la itsjUaala •d. omhandwriUac-toto tbafmltm*, haaiiIironthe poaderoas cranks round sstd round, and raund>Sandy«M v«1r Ine ud muhiBy, wltli a 'wbolaaall tlr brcess, which iBTlMd a nnaU spreadOatoSuti racnum Is all very well,but the remorae-laraalnata thla paeaUarly iatnest- iBgvayage.weara aot a lltUe aaxlona to make good«f kM aad aft eaiiTts. About 3 o'clock we oyer- over and over again—blow high, Uow low—billowstha great ship lias off tha Bar—tha iiliaMdjietarekaoled and paued wiihtn a mile an Amerlcan-boUt tirt, Mlliag aader Eniliih colon, and pitcbiDg tn aymjitrtifmaamnvaain inn complement of uU<. me liineme tke dijeet ot a nlata from the big ihlp,and calm—iunshlne and daikuest nerer tiring, never halting—by the hundrtd tbotisand strokes without a restlag spell—Is nothing less tban subUaie. Four huge cylinders of a hundred tons, swinging back and forth on their tmnions like giants noddlac in theirshort at a fiiad point—i/it expands on the theoretical soma loMaiy, airaagodvacuuns—f^it to treated after Qie destgaad foshlon atdaeUod Oneoftheoffi-adtliaseMralattentlaaof borptaMBgers. Shortly rocking-chairs, the long bright piston-rods shooting Alp wai orei^oled, asd another away up tovrards starUght and down acaln into the depths, 300 feet a minute, the " valve motion," with l,ftirtbeTa£ its oomplieatad movements erawllag all over the I nimMiillini l« 'file (team pipe, between the engine—now hera under tiM Impending blow of theseconds by the engine itself, may iqieet the reasoalag DLlesatgstnheeofrsuah'i^p'msOdasuwas shot off to^ay, and the I are gettinc more (team, bat are notcranks as they coma down—now be- sweeping there,tween two ^)proachlng and irreslstlble masses, but alway* out of the way—escaping always by an inclu from the jaws of deslnetton eleven times in a oiin- nte—all this and more, above, around aad beneath,glittering in the light of aumeroas lamps, and sa. verely quiet, excaot tha dacp monnnr of anppresaed sfrangth, but exertlnf tha tenifie yat coaeanitated power of 3,000 horses. Is as fititas a seem for the poet'cIoslBg the narrative of tha trip, Tarn happy able to express my thanks, espedaUy to Mr.r iBtdpadllebonan«e propoitloiiate reToIatloo(,fortliepearedin a new aad The white sails its operatioa. Tha height of the straight vartieal pleaslBg light line—tha back or counter of the to tte inidalto beHcLxiUR, Chief EngineerMMW MMnlaileed. the tonu of theand Mr. Zxbab and asaistaaea*ln gfoearlag resufa.them hp<' * ^"y soo^ register of the tcbus of thegreat axpaase,Ingpicture. LaterInOaallamaoaaslightaneleoown over the breeze instepof the point cut-off,preparing an abstract of die en- It should be reinaiked that Mr. MaLzuA> was ootiiiMtiv* Whaa one Is known the other ymtmtittiviettKrta.to thefrom the South, moving partially with the Instep to the line of expansion, the squareness of insbt pretty aocaraielT ••timatal from it, which^nnii tb« abaoiditr of laeitfag, a« aome of oar en-ftaeera do iuii^ that If both aerew and paddle areartOderaqa^pnnare,tboonedragsandtheother asfortheengineer. One-wouldalmostsopposathatrelease,4sas a* .wart. NotUag can be more clear than thla ; if tiMKnw Is ezerttBgfO^eflaetlTe hotae power, andthis never ending-moaotony of motion would become puafnl to the observerv from the very faet of its quiet*- nass. Onthe #preseBtsastrangefaselna-a the old of aome IS inches diameter, with another attaehed ofvery small diameter, is secured to the head of the oscillating cylinder (while l(is in motlao,) and con-fellows and threatened the officers. nected The extreme bow of the vessel, on a gratingraisedi^ptUat1,800,l>enthetotalto3jao Mafollaiepaaii^ima nf» tmkpinm»%k«,uat M, nor aBrtfalBg bat So. fbHh^H* lOfOW-itokakolas or fii»fooas, to-day,rast BAT.nth, 8 A. Jr.—Half gal* N. N. E. PorestaysMl.I **> .!*VBttemely hot and ameoanear theIto centreor atrunios.One—Wind shoted, bat strong.speasersetUnooa— aad FanstaisaaPAIMILI UUUKg—OAILTheated some to-day, t the oU-holes got stopped up, but no tipablc via eaased. TUs la the Tary ftrr* approach to a and was porely-aeddentaL Nothing can snfe«().t)m «r-irfff(ifitTt with which these four great "fUtou hare made thel^ 190,000 strokes apiece, with- mat atopptog. And the seiew engines, sot as a de- bat as a eehaalcal oouatiuettos, are deserving •C eOMldarable commendation. The sturdy fisUows <d away at their half million strokes IB ((Ulty which seems almost ridiculous tn Almost a serl- •os accident ocenrred last night. The mizzen baek- Imaj, or chain on the gaff which pulls out the fore and sA sail, broke at a defectiTe link, and fell bodily sail) Into the skyll^ orer the screw engine room, aaaihiig the glass and sash. Had it dropped in the macblnerT', something would have gotor CatnOH, withBSCOn DAT.UtA, A. jlf.-CIear aad bright Very light breeze N.ilali^,BoeoDistance run'Average knots per actual hourTotal distance frtim needlesHighest speed by log, (not correct-un-certain.)24:8 mln. the one which holds J2299mlles. limits of the horizon in time of storm and waves, stsnding by the paper, |s really a M.—yrm* S. 8. E,, inereaslBg. I P. IL^itad-I ofAmpaddle-engbiesTuamx,ilga,IrA band of six moaioians, all of whom hare not ap-".aadB, 8. K.this ptoton is secured the pencil which moves over Spenser set 6:30 P. H,—rain. T P. M.—wind wholesatei!Ll s«^'S"SllJ511^ ?Xof thali Hurcnleonof fire and wreaths of Infinitely westward to the very pillars of the greatSeveral hoars and furling topsail•saoog** chawed op," as our Yankee graphleally puts ILmotionofthe and engtae piston,spencers9 A. K,—spanker set All forenoon, doable- strongproportions.sunset, with its dome.tonguessmoke.foretopgalaat laU From ID P. X., to S A, M. the l»th, at work fUrllng bre- to the engine cylinder, the pencil darta up topsall—1 hours. Canvas wet and men afraid. Bainedthe working steam becomes less from expansion or toS A. M,—strong gale, 8 A. V.-4wo fenany cause. Meanwhile the paper to moving with the snd forestaysail set. 8:30 A. M.—mtoiea spencer setHail Colum- Spangled Banner," and "Yankee Doodle" wen) the only pieces of a national character. An exdtinE race for ^e championship of both kemls^eres occurred before dinner—a quarter of a or once round the deck. The lion was vlcto-It is remembered that all thetoparte wind M. N. E., strong. Sea ratherpealed before, played during dinner.rough.reefinghta,'>"The Starevening, down jargon of hammered brass kettles and filed saws—notbut * Walt for theswing-THISD OAT.I9tk, 13 aoon.—Clear aad nearly clODdlessUeUppacsoriu Wagon," torn limb fromship— limb outthe work to much OM>re easy for the engine than forK.byWsail takenspringing up. 9P. U. showers. 10:31 P. ][. staiU^t.most dulcet strains thisburst through the open sky-lights, with the mingledAt 10 F. M., tlie weather was getting thick and dsAaadlookednortteastarly. Buttheseawaspbset a Ibw honra, and taken in;windlight northerly ;n«ad aaotter 10, thesailor,— story-won{dat.work,attemptedto stabsomeofhis24.45 mln. uposted 301, as corrected 302.little overcast.ravolutioDs of paddle. Average revolutions of screwSEVXMTH DAY OF THE TRIP.sail taken la. Prevailing wind 8. Westerly, Long swell. Utter partot the day, from 8. S. W.rara dat.AverageYoung America destroys Innumerable cigars,cleanthe special admiration of our English breth-tightFnm nam J»u 23, t» nam Jtuu 24—The rain of thedetained ;—fact is, should have gone myself if I couldhave arranged it-always said she was sore to go safeyouknow,"dec,Ac.Herearethosejwhohad Differenceofship'stimesinceyesterdayQnite foggy X.-.4tadding- cloudy all P. M. 4 P.K.—Stlirwholesallnortherlywind;Sfiirwardand mtozen spensers, forestaysi^ aad spanker set The aitler main spenser Is bent on, bat never Kt—interftres with draft of screw tohneL Swell laeieasisg from S. 'W. Ship pitches 3° 53^ cash way, 7)4 up aad down os-;iy, rare game Is caught and slain on our pnlrie deck, by wild hunters from the scullery, and we riot on i^sh mutton and fowl, to the aationai an- them of England and "Yankee Doodle." The awfulyoungmanbeforealludedtoahoold have fresh fish also, in an aquarium, to wit Ike boiler, ready cooked, and served with sauce from the lapwtiaent stoker boys. The force of this re- mark cannot be computed in borae-pawer, and will not be alluded to in the engineering reportshort,monotonous, but the universal acquaintance andH—Wheiesaiiesm at dinner to-day, in response to a toast by Cren. and forward spenssr set S. P. K.—Fore andAnother race for the champlonsMp of the world:first champagnethe purpose of presenting to the Captain a memorial horizon;;prevailing wind N.latter contestant overhauled a school of thein the meantime, thusItan laeiBg, and took the lead In gracefulan hour all was going smoothly again.Nothing can exceed the splendor of this 25th morn-Colonels"—is quite full. Several of our passen- The number of men in the sailing department iserlyengineste Forward nortNh.erKl.y.W'. breeze allspenser;'elusion pleasantvoyage, separatepressing our opinion- of the «reat merite of thto trl- zen; jn»ta cord to theaad look out with the small wheel another cord to connected by guidesuggests,thatwe :Mr.F,SnosoR,Of these, Mr. Bou> Is Klanaging Director, and Mr.GoocH (Local Superintendent Great Western Rail-Wateirs. Capt Hau. replied gracefiilly and very miaten spensers aad spaakera set: bright all P. muchtothepointalluding tosomeirregularitiesin- M. 1 P. Is.—Wind haolhig more westerly: allcident to a first voyage, aad expressing a strong belief in the ultimate high speed and success of the vessel.propeller veryhis"gers are great travelers and authors of note.DbabSib: We, the undersigned passengers, whohave the honor of being the £rst to cross the AtlanticpreventingG, E. was a little thechanglagset Wholesidland larlyA.X.,attempted;Steward's department 91, and Engineer's de-style.Bothin cannot at the con- youromfagonuirficent vessel, now,withoutex-nighttwo forward andIf onecontrary,tian, and one finds hlmsalf vratcMng the regular vi-EIGHTH DAY OF THE TRIP.Fran noon of June 24 (o noaa of June 25.-The fine northerly breeze died away during the afternoon and 'evening, and the large spread of sail was gradually the vessel was wonderfully beautlfol. The screw, furled, as it ceased to aid the ship's locomotion. Thethe " Enraged Musician" of Hooabth.andset ; very brlght|at noon. PravaiUng wind M.swHirlT phoepborescent;breeze filled our sails allpastly ont of water, and making a great commotion turn the surface, was throwing off fountains of whiteand silvering all the adjacent foam, whUe its , slicing up from deep water, were 1^ sheets of w^tte fire, elearty defined from the black gulf be-night was nearly calm.It may be asked, " What do yon do all day—yousaid someabout the horizon and in low, yellow banks uaderIfew,longer adventurotu,but fortunate—on thrice^te late.ODB PASaiNOIBS.low,tadgUtteriiiflikemirrorsInthesun.oflhe21d,anortheasterlybreezesprangup,b^Dgtng isoneperpetualtrampovertheship,andthroughthea few names of distinction beforetion, and none without distinction now we are safelyshould in this document The across, appearstalroases, dtc, are now inmala spanker and fonstayzail set II P. M. apensers,nla, but aot blowing hard enough to fill our canvas. THS DAT'a BUN.engine-rooms and stoke-holes"andtheir conversa-hum- distinguished Una of small capitals by relying on the immutable laws ofthe sides of the ship—two pairs of stairs down fromthe main deck. For tiro days the sailors have been all nightI«lltade IttDdavenae of ship's time since yesterdaytmder the fi»e- bodlngs of ignorant superstition. Forty-three paasen- gen were all that could be found in the year i860 topaintingtha auxil-and spanker taken in. Some rate. Wind14 25 10,265 35all—out of sight and hearing—for the whole fora.toiH>pearance of the YankeeN.V.,aUearlymorningwassoonover,butit hasbeencloudyanddampallday. Thecombustioninthefurnaces upanddown,Edwaysexcitedandina.burry1being-Mr. W. Cavi,Mr. M. Jraavurr, Mr. J. JAaAviziT, Prof. P. Bxaasroan, Mr. D. Eammv, Mr. 6. E. M. Tatlos,K.—Foresail and.hiWng noathwesterly and southwesterly all nli^t ; Strang reefing breeze towards mor^ng ; spensers taken in and set twice. « A. U., 23d.-AlI<saa taken in. Wind wholesaU, N. N. W. and W.S. W., and decreasing allineachMr. 6. D. Baooxs, Mr. THOMAa HoxHsr,Non.—Theshipwasrunathalfspeedfrom9P.M, (111 4 A. M., on accoimt of iSg, and stopped twice, 40 minutes in all, according to Captain's report for soundings.ELETEKTH DAY OF TRIP.Fnm Noon, Jme 27, to June 28.—The light wind of the morning died away, and left us another remark-rrlsMj dnniamli pate««* etksr sod is admltM«• the myat^ sM«ta^«s sacrwl apBrtmea»~lIr.Tsiis riiiwii wMolo Immediately pouaoed upoatofiinN aot 4MkRaee of time sad bona pomr, ship whl^ •!• aMaamlkhed with an agility that does en-brta««yrdaaeessllkak«wwhlaMtttiaa..kkssrrwwiittkliaaMMMaa4>. MlMi tmmsaas lavartaaea. TMm a |iseO «< papOo thestaaatashaatariadlsrnotefapar, wMki~HU<undo.Ivrlshftatallyon romaatle r«ad«n coold as^ka amUaight tour of the paddle-angina rooms with me.the hand of tha wmrkimt sMsm Midf-aanrSalMriUa HiM U dayaSm^tiha ajk-lesa persistence of those greatarms, sweepingTdos. Thadaytowarm,ealaaadbrations by the hour.The breeze was strong northwesterly aU night, butabove the n^xr deck—stop there,your mind's eye at what we saw, ye who visit the bigship—Isthefavoriteplaceofresort Itwillcom-pulleyscylinderto the which to fitstensd to the indicator,set firs asinates to her head getdown stream. 10 A. M.on the morning of the 24th had so far veered to theTtlimm^DUinUm sraalways cooler, partly because north that we got out a considerable spread of can- fortably hold the whole of our company, that snuglbi table.part ofbram cylin-Beeflag breeze N. by W. Blight showers,revolutions of Average revolutions of screwCloudyat3P.M. 4P.M.-o]zsel K. K. X., ineraasiog all ; all fore and aft laito takenAvengepaddleSi§«» ^rS35.501 Noil.-We are now In the Golf Stream, which sets us back The real speed of theslow steamthe little cylinder from the engine cylinder at thetion theproprietyof theextremest caution oa thisofthe end of the,windgoingdown. Eveningfine. TP.M.allto avoid ice, and a considerable differ- noticingthe result of the twoline of the shoe, before men- neted topsail breeze N. N. W aad H. Clondyingence in the temperature of the water, for someran the ship 20 or 30 miles dne- south in the night andthenkeptheronhercourseagain. Thecoarse of the ship on the chart from ship's noon to ship's nooB, has been a very regular great circle till to-day, when it terminated further south. No one can ques-inetepwith short glimpses of* sunshine. Prevailing8". !fliooa. One sovereign was pocketed by the winner of first trip. One thing is certain, the ship ran mucb before-mentioned conist-a pistm and no ;the obaerrers. Indeed, the engine rather likes ainalmost calm. 8 P. A. N.N.W. breezetke Iwlt, and large snms are said to have changedeven the crests of the breaking waves, all about Qie ship and far out at sea cBllted a bright light. The view over the stem ofover 300 knots somtwhtre, aad than 330." A^euBoker" was howled over the shattered remains. Thenothe big ship?" That's not so easily answered. 'Askof the Fifth-avenue Hotel what his fellow guestsdoallday—howeverfewtheymaybe. WeU,many, they y0il paid for coming ; iwo patent counters, to register theaguestThe night was quite calm, and early in the morning as for the No. 18, 6. S. Port side people, their "walk" ing nottion" a never-ending discussion, and note-making 42°50-N. and elaborating as to tha things done therein. Be-in employed scraping42°40'W.fore breakfast, 834 o'clock, the early-riiers get up an appetite by walking nearly down town and back. Alter tiiat interesting event, all hands go about their12.33 various pursolts, as in other hotels and ships, save 1,797 that the great element of space separates usJonathan.Early on the morning oftlie 27th, we think we imtU Long swell oa port bow. Ship rolled 8° r each way.noon.and discusses the speed of all things, from horses toOhlight,ships and locomotives. In the smoking room— down—perfectlysafeyou'know butsuchaboratobe; oldtrav- elers read, observe and ask questions in the most un-novices trampM—N. W. wholesall21st. 12 Irreese.moved and thorough-going maimerLatitude Longitude40o 13'N i;and foretoptail;the old military and naval people talk over battles and vic- tories, and the hearty English element plays skittles in a vacant lot somewhere, which has been partially;;rightearlyin themorning of Sstprobablyhis foul massaere ceased, thanfoce of our portly Jnllien strongly reminded one of of piston ,glves the actual horse power by a very simple all night 30th. 8 A. Mj^ N. W. breeze, very U^treclaimedandroofedin. Thereis alwayssomebody voyageGen. W. WATKins,Mr. F. E. Hdbbabo,nUs 13° ur to leeward and s° 4' tocounting the revolutions, always somebody lookingover the extreme bowIn the sun—there is a knot of people discussing mo-mentous events in the saloon—here areadventurers on the sponsons, sometimesoutside of the centre of the paddle wheel, looking inthrough the iron lattice tX the tremendous expanseof red arms as they appesir to 'roll over the water.Many read and write in their spacious staterooms.Others never cease explorlnng the vast storehousesaway down below. Some are on the continual look-out for vessels, with their glasses slung over theirshoulders. Gymnastic feats, foot races, and, inall sorts of pursults,from uproarious hilarity to solemnand undisturbed seaside contemplation, are the orderof the day. The passage, as a passage, is tame and Mr. Gao. Hawkiss,T. Mr. W. S.clUationa per minntewindward, 6% roUs, port <:30P.v.—WholesallbreezeN.IT. X.aadN.nock and nsck between them. It was sus- pected that P. had the better footing, andit ehould be remarked to their shamenobody from the stand went out to examine theground. P. wasted his strength in terrific leaps under the brightest of tropical sides. How bound- Distance runwind decreasing, 63° 31' W. attempted, have been manifested to an almost un- 3:30 P. X.—All stnare sails taken In. Olondy all P. X,blue water and birds and fishes, and the great vessel boaninc along for an eighth of a mUe Dehlnd us, drewstratum 76 feet perhapsfor blue could be skyfrom whatAU sail in.Prevalilagcalm. TKBia OAT.Ji. it was qulto calm, but we perceived a (re»h breezelow dazzle, fantastic forms, little rainbows and queerhave aa.yot no gas in the streets—revealed the vsst-were fountains of rainbows, which seemed to turninto wreckfnd vanished away before the fitfel north -west breeze, lighted the opposite sky, while the blacktowering specs of the great ship, clearly defined,stretched above and on either side into what whole furlongsof distance.twck country " beet rooms." The music of three or four shxiekisg and discordant fog whistles did not harmonise with there beautlfiil effects ol spray and light but they served to remind us of the Imminent danger ofany small craft that might be lying in theOOSBinOIt OP THE SHIP, Draft ot water forward at SoothamptonDraft ot water aft at Southamptonl»aft ot water mean at SoBthamptonDraft of water forward at New- YorkDraft of water aft atNew-York, reported. ...SIB. 3 in. DraftofwatermeanatNew-TorkDisplacement at Sontbamptonseemed 1 shall take the liberty of Introducing the reader torepeated here.]state-roomNo.Ig, secondoftheleviathan,asshestoler.oiselesslytiirough the mist at'«ixteen statute miles an iionr, with a bow like axsarvlag knife and the terrible momentum of}21ft.I)4In. aa.MOtons. 17,0(7 tons.port tide, an about 9 apartmentberths opposite—theRrfsau and Sxunoa and your14 with two feet,jJ. S. OakforA, Esq., Ckairman metting <if passengers,Diiptocement atbylarge potts or windows on the sea side, and fouramptonYork Diameter of1 «S1 sq. ft 1,630 «q, ft 47 ft 4 In.table to thensmes, toecorrespondentvery pnperlypaddle-wheetobetween centresberthsid'UyW. -n and midnight the ship was stopped for soundi gs,offloateImmersion ofeenlrssetthat ;Esuslextent thtonoblevessel. Onno againstP. less,howplacid,howgloriouslyblue—waseversuch a bnMii on the port quarter with his fore foot, snd, in a dav seen on the ocean before ?—this deceltfL*.acean spite «f a foul bottom, drove him fairly off the course —these sleeping billows, which anon shall rise up The school beie brokeinto the ring, and great confu- and howl and rage in the terrible m^esty of theirduringthebriefstormofthe18thandluthInst, setSeaalmostflat,withoutswellorwaves.should set all such fears, if any still extot (after thto Bright voyage,)atrestforever. sunshine. Verywarm. PrevailingwindMthX.,light.Her movemente, even when the gale was strongest 2Cth N, E., nearly calm. Sea very smooth.were slow and easy, and at all times so much less HINTH DAT.than the best sea-going steamers as to be ouUe re- U Jf.—Till evening, nearly aad at ttmes quite6.MLkepttohisworkandgained steadily, givingvessel..meteorologicalpouring throughform, than to the efficiency and power of her engines.breeze. dear, ezoept on the;asleep admiringhere is. an old fellowstarboard, perminute- ; finesail decreasing, N. N.of the occasion, and the never-ceas- entertainment afforded by the vastness, detail and real comfort of the ship Itself, render the trip one ofstaysailgood-fellowship inggettingcloudy, tA.H.,away up, up in the clear air—on a deck as large as our state-LongitudeDiSerenoe of ship's time since yester-.point Fore and aft sails kept set tin 11 P. X., when wind died has this teellng been more strongly shown than in away. 11 P. H.—Till morning of ISth aearly calm. 333 miles. doubte as to her manageability at sea. Her conduct Forenoon of 2Sth wind very ligbt M. E. and E. No sailroom, looking out upon the round expanse of blue,day InoonAverageknotsperactualhour Total distance from Needles Highest qseed by logAverage revolutions of paddle Average revolutions of screw.29.4 mln..13.762,754 miles. 14.511.84535.59World. At this distant day. In the fall tide of that new clvlUzation— and centiules further on, when this giant ship shall have been the piogetftor of whole fieetsoflaviathans—never wUl men foicet that your wisdom and courage was the foondatta of commer- cialenterprises,whichharealreadycovaaedthesea with poDdooos hulls and Iron wheels^But to descend again to the deck and psaetical residence of Messrs. things, we haye 'have the distinguished honor to command, aad re- main. Dear sir, yours fsithfully."iThe names of the passengers having been beforementioned la my letter, need net be CAPT. HALL'S KIPLT.STXAKSia?GsxATEASTXxa,orrSarhvHoox, TaoassAT, June 23, 16f>0.21 ft. in. 26 ft,33 it 9 In. Mft,entrance, grand saloon,wayKew-TorkArea of imnarasd.midship seetioa at South-etc:tons. Prom 9 P. M., the speed of the ship was DxAx Six ; I a<n very highly gratified with the com- Areaeflmnersed midship ssetlon at New-temporarymjdale is piled with papers covered with LaUfude23,000prehensive and expressive address which you hare just presented to me from the passeageia.alBuily,fretjustly, polntewith books and charts, and the ofijow.ers,«lUpatch bo.xes. hair brushes, indicator Distance runBoats: Southampton, starboard sideconilBiiou, loungeopposite,with aheterograeous massbeing at the same time free from unduehowever, wore and steting only facts—and oidnlens based upon these AtATH> DAT'S BtTlLLoiigiudeDllTereQce of ships time since yesterdayreduced one-half, until 4ke fog cleared40°i8'N. ;iway, at 4 o'clock on the morning of ithe 27th. At I value it the more as it socards, overa,!,, hlg-Bhlp diagrams, toUet pacapher-Total distance from Needles 2.421 "" "°*"^'' •» »"« spar-deck. Just Highest speed by log (not correct—uncertain.)At starboard side At Ife«-Tork,New-Tork, port sidel^J'^.r"TM"""'*^"-the entirerunwillliairepraetlea^y'n •Lntl^h.T ;";^a«^ l^H'"^'PoolulumforAwei.aee revolutions of Average revolutions of screw11.529 35J66f^.llat.om ibe m.dn of a,,against,and to varioulNoTS.—The speed of the Gulftakento-daywe haveacquaintance should be so shortwnich evetibody runsmeasurinting.Indicator diagrams weeepasseageia, for the unvarying courtesiesconfusion, theStream, easterly,»" "f It ff unneces- *Wch,been madewith-'expressionocoupaT,innoonalso at 4 o'elock—the detention being, according topanegyric, At Boutbamptan, port side Southamptea, mean,thick,occasionally seen in the zenith, while the water wasvlnoed she canAverage knots per actual hour 13.27ofmy officers aad self to promote the comfort and safetypaddlesciatedbyus. Inreturn,webegtothank onbe- half of the you,from i>oth screw and paddle engines, which being calculated, «»ee»ofil»Mil»Dfwafteai»Mi S«e,, cypher, dli p«» hour- Th* travel of the skip, therefore, must give 3,970 hone-power for the icrtrw, and 3,670 for liteThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069at (h.'s point, is put down in the charts as over 1 knotreceived from them, and that our only regret12.24 2,09611.133can hardly appreciate the honndless girth of this steamcyUnder,andeommunicateabyacockwlttieitber dlngtall breeze S.,X. Three forward spsasen aad ';not lassmy JbhnyTtUm DAT or TBB TKIP. Fnmlfoon, JmuM,$oMom,JtmtM^Tt» arrival'Tooia, mSUb^ "MwH^nnof the latime to go err«fta bar at Ul^watsrAt (40mo peaaBOaaapoa 1^ doseribtac tha oaain«ar^*at thraogh tka ba**-4iItr. JtuBPHT, our^lot at Iba wHohlng boor, 4 A. M.,isnoweoBsldaMa fixa4 fhot aad Is nammaatadapaayariouAy by oar sMp% eoaspaay. While waatw worti. knowno^eet. TattUsfoiatliitU »lctgia,«Ml^br tha n^at-aii^ tmS «koare In no to harrythaasealgalneaea.r Libravrdioesmlaoaa tsxMook of tka wtaia paiant ttasa Mflif WdajASI^Mfl; Ika aaws-itoatmaybewrittenonwhattha peo^oaaMaboardAmflraltar,MattafHandaystbne. Our distance fromday (the 25tb.) is 809 miles ;without further deviation, we ab^l have fraveled at leut 130 miles itethsr than the stralghtest course eta Cape Race, pbu any ooaslderable aad doubtless verypower aad economy of an may be, the Initial engine (Tcylinder pressure is so-aa<i-ao—>^ it is not dacraaaodby wire-drawing and eondenaatlaa—i/' It Is cut off before hundreds of admiring eyaa, ThagnadaUiArjrtoe.. Totalamewtt.nporiA.1S^'deviations not thereforenotmesQonedinourlog. Wethat with the good firing and steaming thnmghoot, which we have had for the last few days, and a cleanproperaflbctbutround and level disk of visible ocean, in a season of perfect stUlnesa—stretching late measureless dis- tance on every side, till its dark blue border stands out sharp and clear against the soft yellow zone of Summer sky, spreading away under and beyond theend of the great engine cylinder, as may be desired foiastaysaU set >:aOF, K.—ftaresaiU fbretopsaO and Within it Is a spring, so proportionsd as to yield cer- fimteygallaat sail (or upper topsan, set Bnese iacreasiA sprangN.X., item U the working steam, and gradually falto again, as siidaightteiA. X. Very dark ahd Minding rain. 1"ship on the ocean. Now, of course, everybody who a"Providence, Ac. ," will be first and Itftidest to exclaim"seen the next thing to it, in the clipper hull of pilot-overhead. Breese very li^t W. 8. V. aad W. shiftingPoor foolhardy fellow—tempting • of course, I knew she was the safest uhip in the world, but you know she might have brokenfortnight ago salJ,boat No. 1, which came outsalute. Themeet us, and fired atoN.W. 11:30 A. breese M.-TStuddIngsaULatitude40° 08' N.!wasren, andaverygladpictureforall.TBI day's kcn.! very much improved. We are from this time tocarry 15 pounds of steam on the paddle boilers, 20 having been the maziinum weight on the valves be- fove. The boilers were all desired for 25 pounds' Twenty Is vet the maximum In the screw. This gives us 1194 revolutions of the peddles, whUe the screw AAnrlBg them up, jumps from 39 to 37, with the for19to20. Somuchfortheirway. The square sails on the foremtst weresat ior a time to the light breese coming directly aitoBi, but we outran it, and they were ag^n furled. Stnnar is getting to be a momentous and luxurious aAlr, as our appetites grow sharp in the salt breezes, and as the service becomes systematized. Be it knowia that when people take lodgings in a sea-side kotelUkethis,theydonotliveonsaltJunk, Ontheum tiwind not enough for sailoccurred this afternoon between a porpoise and the at dinner, from the company; second, a hot box on don newsp^>ers,) Mr. Maarar, (&>e New-Vork relative to the success of the voyage, and the excel- K. W., light, tiU Biidnight and light N. E. tiU noon ;Greai Eastern, over one minute of longitude. The the screw engine -the forward box of the engine pilot) the dfrectors, and one of t he ladies lence and supertority of the ship and her machinery. sea smooth.shaft—caused by the stopping up of an oil-hole. " Tall are alone on the free list, reducing the paying list Mr. J. S. OAXFOan was called to the chafr. The fol- 8ETZBTH OAT.whieh, being let out early, was very frisky. After a oaks, &.C." The screw system of water works for to 35, which la less than the Great Britain had on her owing letter to the Captain v.-as received with great 23d, 12 .U.—In the Oolf-stream. Light tf. E. breezefaith,positive and eclat of the Great Eastern's first Atlanticpleasure :aad have received their reward in thenoon Distance runAverage knote per actual hourTotal distance from NeedlesHighest speedoflogAverage revolutions of paddle Average revolutions of screw21. 66' 254 miles. 10.432,999 1410.64 32.274ijleut-CoL HiaaisoR, Maj. F. BAiJOua, Capt DanuiOBB, Capt Caisisib, R. N.Rev.e.SOBTHST, TAnoa,andsat. 7P.If.—BreezeaMxA(c;mauriaflolBUB.( xRv. M. lCyaopit. 4^.,Mflrni. uH. UAMmmuuUti Maaamiis,W.8:30P.foretopeailtakenin. Windaway CaptWa.Hoaais,R.N., Mr.HiaaiHAinr, Capt H. CoavTON, R. N., Mr. H. H. Wzus,Mr. and Mrs. D. GoocH, Mr. J. S. OAxroan,Mr. G. 8. RoasncK, Mr. Gaosaa WiLxas, Mr, N. A. Woods,cloudy and showers all night and ably smooth afternoon. A llttte southerly breeze at forenoon : hard rain about daylight ; prevailing windMr. F. R. HcKiHziB,Mr.& Mrs. J. STAiRraOBFi, Mr. ZaxAB CoLsnaa,evening was hardly sufficient to keep us cool. At 10northwesterly, strong :,sea going down, SIXTH DAY.23d, 12 jif.—Sunshine; wind very light N.W. 2 P.Miss M. A. HasBEET, Mr. W. BAasES,Mr. C. F. Fixu>, Mr. R. MoBSOR,Mr. N. Soon Russsii, Mr. Jao. E. Sxiaaax, Mr. A. L. Houkt, Mr. M. Mnapar,Mr. Tbohab Bou>.P. H. we stopped again for soundings. was somewhat thick at midnightThe weatherHook at noon to- supposing it to be sailedto fill ourup in the evening, bringing light showers, and our usual spread ot canvas was made. Thefore-" oftopiail having got the hang" being forled, sub-mits to that cnunping operation very gracefully of mottons to thecause, late.While the artistes of the ladles' saloon were in theA:sou&erly breeze, strong enoughsails,of midst theirthe wholeof thespenaerset 6P.H.lightclouds,stndding-sailbreezethe the sea calm but with a short swell, and the day very warm andsonny. Allsailwastakenin. Therewasathicklight morningnight Duringpoundsa foot in a or the estimatedminute, averageabouttheship quite early,lingeredaotk,fogour bow, tillThe second and thirdup for the convenient entrance and reception of visi- tors to the ship—let there be for beof the 26th it died away,leavingand N. longBweU.It is certainly fitting that our passengei' list, bear-number of visitors i newthe hands of the ship's carpenters. The entrances —Wind wbolesail, B. W., dark and clondy, aad somawill be at large ports, conveniently near the in water,blest of us has earned theto aBatherthleawind W. B. W. wholesaa. 8 A. M.—Main and mlxzenphysicalscience.Instead ofcringing"spenserour and langitude.passlairall agreeevery stage ofittadmlsstosi,work andlalaaMibottax vat's stnt."A large number of ships, with every stitch of stud- dieatoT to tha most unsopUstieated of eaginsars.eylmter, and of tha ^oertemg steam, at each stage ofbottom withal, flie firsot Jbutera is days.andyears, simplywithout the ehanee of ccntaatnathm, Tke la-passed to-day,ding-sail set,quite near. Ob this smooth sea everything has ap-Beforeof these veaads, gently rolUag over the imperceptible shoe,swell en the Use was indeed aeharm- pieasnra,fhe point where the shoe drops from theMr. N. Soon StnsziL Coudbr, for Important informationsprang up toe to the of ship, aoUaaylng oor dads beealmed and extremely rapiditysiunmer-llke under the blazing sun.The only stbiiag event of the day, except tke pad-Taenam,and the ronndneas tfWestern aad the Orel Britam OB voyage*. Behasnow risen UtbeOkitf'WBJLZHXB, BAIU BET, *e. mof ofthesteamadmission Awheal dle-enginesrollingofftheir 12 revolntiona,wasthe rapidity engine,)oltbeBXFOBT 07 THXmutiny, capture and Ironing ofItay aaa 'Caitber ftrward, and get the benefit of vas which filled well. The morning vsas fine and little deck overlooking the sea from Its sightly ele- to fastened the aforeaald P. M. IP. M.—Wbid vholesaU M. and M. N. W. BaUfor ^ce In their lives.THB DAY'S XCB.LaUtudLongitodaDifference of ship's time since ye^erday."considerahly.vessel may be more accurately calculated from therevolutions aad the difference In the log, the former being 10,285 (paddle) and the latter 14)( knots yes- terday. Wearealsoover300milessouthofCape Race, which will materially lengthen our passage. It is stated that the very properly determin-Captain,the oceui on this prince of days. Oh!that somelight41°0r N. 48''»2'W.sooner had—warm room the temperature of the paddle auxiliary;embarka-all sail taken In. 6A.1I.—E.N. E. sqaalW and rain. 8 A.M. the most agreeable ever undertaken to the whole Ship Company. Mr. Woods, (Ix>ndoa Times,) At 8 o'clock in the evening of the 27th, a meeting of —Stnddlngsail U.K. breeze, (aft;) hard rain; clondy,company.The events of the day have beenMr. Gao. Wnxis, as the representative of the Amarican Press, Mr. MeKxRzn (various Lon-passengen was called and unanimously attended, for with showers of fine rain all A. H. ; a little thick on theIbrmer,little by-play and some qarring, one of the Va ad- such cases aude and provided was turned on, the first passage. Of our company, 3G|are British subjects, applause, adopted, and signed by the passengers. vaaeed boldly to the bow of the G. B., sprang about revolutions reduced to 24 minimum, (still propelling,) eleven are Americans, and two are Russians. Our GaxAv EAstxKR, Wednesday, Jime 27, 1860.Increasing. Cloudy. 1 P. X.—Fore-sail, fsretopsaU and toretopgallantsall set, bat did not fill weU. t P. X.—AU sail token in. Wind decreasing. 8. P. X.— Calm and r^n. I0:3ti P. U.—Strong N.W. sqaaUs,way) and Capt. CAHRxau are Directors of the Great;:clev- -while the paddle sympathetically fell off to WH. In naval and military list—real titles aad not Virginia 7b Capt. John Vine Uatl.15 feet out of water, stopping hising of June, in the soft blue water of the gulf stream,the former. and nnder a bright and almost tropical sky. The sea 172menwerein.fine conditionheavier <f the two. G. E.ev<datiOii,'tnt was unsuccessful. Two to one yns is even remarkably placid. Hardlv a breath of wind partment 194. There are 23 officers and 23 Engi- ^imph of engineering skill and naval aichitactnre.mU- spanker and forestaysail set aad Oiledstrong with side fins, and for five minutes it was are smothered almost into motionless sleep as they number is 416.TBI oat's bun.ceaworttuuess, the Great EssCem has no equal in the smooth.world. We are aware that &e incredulity and preju- EIOHTB DAT. dice which oppose all great undertakings when first Mth, 12 M.~ln tke Gnlf Stream—Nbask In the warm sunshine. Fromthetopofthemainmast. Herewelie,sion followed. P. on leaving the ground appeared wrath, sweeping the decks of proud ships, tearing Non.—We are in the Gulf-stream to-day, and have moved from any standard of comparison. Those 252*,very fresh, aad ran a quarter of a mile, leaping (not them plank from plank, and burling them straggling nm to the N. edge of Its usual boundary. The actual who know by experience what an Atlantic passage calm. No sails set 4P. X.—LightstsddingaaU.S. aadover a fence) some yar ds, and was takes off the ground by his itaekers. Similar belts will be awarded to each.—to the bottom. Sleep on old ocean your foamingrun of the ship was, of course, some 350 knots. TENTH DAY OF THB TRIP.really Is will appreciate the Ugh praise bestowed, when we express our belief that the Great Eastern Is, in acconomodatlon, safety and freedom from disturt>-8. breeze. 9 P. IH.—Easterly Strong staddingsallbreese, S. and. southerly. Two spensers, fore staysail,jaws will open in vain for us, for there comes boom-ing along beneath us, as we lie on the top of its fronmast a giant and triple-powered vessel, which defiesthe wind being aft, and moving vrith the vessel. The your wrath—Dot by strength alooe, for the adaman- and a dim horiaon. By 4 o'clock a dense fog had set- balmy tessperature of the Gulf Stream, its gloriously tine cliffs cannot stand before your breakers, bat by tled about the ship, coi^nlng itself, however, to aocean—acknowledge the supremacy of mind, and beThe afternoon was extremely agreeable on deck,spanker, foretopsail and foretopgallantsallset. Same FrotK neon, Juru 26, to noon, June 27.—The after- ing motion, as mu^ superior to ordinary vessels as breeze and sail all night. Some light rain. 6 to 9 A.proportion, which conform to laws that you are aot old*enough, not deep enough.shape, and size andeves^body to toe extreme Dows of the ship. At 8 P jurr big motigk to break. So sleep on, my fine old invisible halfa ship's length ahead. The intense yel- Inoon was almost entirely calm, wia bright sunckineshe surpasses them in magnitude and power. X. 2Sth— and thick ona lower rate of speed for some days has prevented breeze, decreasing. SqnaresaUs taken in. 11 A, K — hereffecting that rapid passage which we are con-still. Spirit of CoMwsos, of Casot, of Ralxioh. ofAboat9 a sttf breeae ipnag up from the Northwest* the noble line of Atlantic adventurers, look down on tkls fog, is the only illustration I have ever seen «f That the latter will always be found equal to their X., 21th.—Stndsall breeze W.Sy wav ef incident, the forward spencer got loose .this picture from the upper air ; remember the long, the fruthfulness of those of Tdzrib's pictures which duty is evidenced by the fact that during the'whole of extreme horizon ; sunshine ; smooth sea. No saU set-for tte first ttme to-day, (kom the motion of tlweffects of the sunhalfmynpthemastf ud £Ub<1 like a balloon, defy- dreary days when, firm of purpose but sad at people call paittcularly soapsuds-y. Looking over our run from Southampton to New-York they haveingtheAttemptsoffbrtymantofoilitforhalfan heart,seekingunknownaadunhoapitableshores, theextremebowatonetime,everyobserverhada hour., .late at nl^t, a prowl About oar home acre of and leaving almost as friendless a land—in danger, gol6en halo aitfund the shadow of his head on the deck—lor It cannot be called a promenade, since we prlviiion and sickness—in storm and calm-without water. The prow, the screw, and both paddle-wheels charts and almost wttheut reekcaing—encounteringworked'Wlth the utmost ease and steadiness, never;EUSTSNTH DAT. P.jf.—Viadgoingdown;nosailset4P.X.—Light29,2 mln.325 mlies. Capt. Hall, 40 minutes theengines,not touched—no scievring upor driving keys so that;—facts. Thesatisfaction at the endeavors of out stopping- Bottom was reached at tlte last soiud- of the ship, to,andwinxantinaetobe,higblv appre-Untitled DocumentIewaseily accomploiusrh.firYmett,>elief that the expresssoutheriy breezeWe ta&y ^precUte the anxious vigilance which night generally moonlight : ocoastonal fog ; prevailinghas been -experienced by -yourself and your officers calm. Daylight—Horiion hazy. Remainder of the day { in all relating to the safety of the ship and the gen- bright and calm.eral comfort of the nissengeis.Intakingleaveofyouwemostheartilywishevery EH6IEEEBIB0BBBJITBOPTHEVOTA&E. mutinous sailors, to discoverAnd clvtUze the Western traite 'that frighten the timorous children from -snccess tO'jrourself and the noble vessel which youadve<.;e currents and winds, you crept over these varythroughtfitraggedheadlandof«loudsasIttumbled watetsInslowandunstablecraftscantilymannedby place, like the eyes of the badly-paiated por-neas of theshipin a new licht. Hoonbeaas buntingtheir faces and follow the .observer from place toline->/itlscondensedInagoodandmaintained thatlmeafdays flaei,fn» UghNUftbytus Utile folat pteture of a gaiter boot done ta two103-3J4t Avaiaga knots pai'hau 1*1 Toteldtotaace sailed fkomNaadlas S,M2 Averagaievohitlonsaf paddisa........^ II Average ravotntlau of seraw JAtltof because It to tmthgood for" ninehave beea some of them The dtogram simply shows the aetaal piearan i» tkethe of the sole to depththe exocUenea of thethe heel, tte exceUeiwe (dqaandiag onthaUndandbytopof thepistonrod. Fromtainknown ofanInchatcertain To lag parte pressures.the face of the paper;beingadmitted toin ;rainincreasing. 6F,Ifsame time that steam from the boiler to admitteditself, fiist-handad,Indicator toder of say 2 inches diameter, around which aad eleady in fgrenooa. .Bnnshlne and slight showersnlcatedbythesewheelsaadcords,reducedin eaettiU,but exactly the same in proportion and quality, tothe place of paper, which roUs back and forth withcatch the fleeting glories of tills western sky. One the strokes of the engine, in front of a pencil on the N. W, »A.]r.-Oalm. 11 A. IL—8, 8. X, nearly eaha. who has been accustomed to observe the aarrow other part of the Indicator. A second brass eyUadar, PrevaiUnt wind northerly and light Bea smooth.orin the living coloia of this sunset, were here, toLoaAiBi,pencil dippedto a point which shows tha actual pi easuie of hard aU night to 4 A. H. Half a N. galetloned. Whenwhichthisdelicatemachineiyto attachedareing back and forth 24 times a minute, during the process of attachment and that the tempanture ofthe room to 110 degrees, it may be imagined that the breeze, N. M. E. and N., decreasing, aaa P. X, mainengine-room is often 144 degrees. A computatiott of the area of thto diagram, together with the speed and areawind light, northerly. 13 twomidnight fbrespeasersprocess—one-horse power being what will lift 33,000cloudsstmahine and slight wind sqoaUsnormalworkofahoiae a ofduring day eight hours.strongAhorsemayofcourse exert 20 "horse stantaneouslyorfor afewmoments.power"in-FOUKTH DAT. UNoon—v.W.stnddingsallbreeze. Veryfineafter-cargo spaces are fittingall P. M; with itaddlttgsail breeze .-^awgfwg tojvest-ward. e P. H.—Beoeming overcast—maokerel Vky—looks like strong westerly wind. 1:30 P. M.—Olondywind springing np S. fT. 8 P. )C.—Three forward aadthe decks,iary engines,.and slickih' up" for the sharp eyes of shifting to W., squalls. Olsariag away. 8:9* A. It.—Clear and sunshine. 9:39 A. X.—Aland, in the fine Northwesterly breeza. We have 10 A. K—A little thick on the horiion but >mon clearcraftThe health of the Captain was drunk with enthusi-breeze, N. N. W.;ftaresteysaU—the monu- neers, of whom the chief is Mr. McLbixar. In- Our voyage, though fine.has yet (aa to generally the sail set Wind fresh N. All sail filled weU. SnnshineofiTsiwd and taken on P., whose full-powered propel- disturbs Its surface, while the long swellslarwas In prima working order. G. E. came in ments of past breezes—which so rarely cease to rise, cluding our Captain, Jour Virz Hail, our whole with rough weather to demmstrate that In point of with some clouds. Prevailing wind N. N.W., light Seacase in Atlantic passages) been sufficiently checkeredAmcers, I am happy ^ tiate, draw tha prlaa, $130.board the Greoltheir AtlanticOrmBastem.oa the horizon68°Se'W. sailbreeze,N.N.W.,IncreasingFoggyThe supposed necessity of working her engines at Sunshine and light stnddingsall 8. and 8. westerlywe l>aveGreat Eastern, in proper trim, to capable of making p. a. of aeu —Nearly oala ; very light S. W. breeze- greater speed tban has yet been attained at sea. 4 P. M.—Very thlek fog, lasting aU night tlU 4 A X., Such a result will be due, not more to her unequaled «th—lialf speed. » P. X.—Light K. W. 6 Arequiring even onemoment'sforthe alter-seen,stoppage ation w.adjustment of anything.out the peculiar excellencies of the GreazEastent, AtpaddleWith the best wlsbet for thehapjjinesr uui proiper-A. IL.^ead ahead;,bright overhead. 3 P.sail In but forwardWind N. N. W„ very ligbt :23d.—Wind died away calm for several honrawind wholesall 24th, strong,N.,spensers,well. 11:311.—Foresail, foretopsaiituid foretopgallaat-;nearly calm. 10 P. K.-Cloady;{:mmm..^.—reefingbreezeandrain.as sail eastsrly Westerlylight Seaprettysmooth,withUand reeling breese, S. W. aadW. 8. W. same sail sethard rain shelters.mid#dighttill wholasall daylightand 10 M.— spenser. P.horizon. Fnm6A.X.—;staysail www.fultonhistory.com 