 NKW YOIIK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBuXAjlY. 6, 18C0.-TB1PLE SHEET.fe tomtm* ernes » > y r f tw iht p»rU of this oouuti. U one State was so iccxUtoably connected with the other Or Kor aced w» undertone tor-ip«w»» th^tam^-^,amuse Austria, Pnmsta and, pec Lip*, Russia, wniio FREE TEADF X* FRANCE time sod rcti a tree or tbfgs lb? Faperor his " • - io any our ports which atr«ct ibis reciprocity of dependence a* to make a rupture neat injury it Cues to tbe puttie cuneem-r, whom H b ^ 2bo wan coming to an uademending with stag-lsad which would enable him toItaly lUt-iMte wife t h t t Powerthe scruples or protasis of the restAoatris, of toss*?, Is fusion*} theCount WaJcmfej s a l the attantions Uriahs* on her tmbeewklor at Parti, Prince Mettsrnicu, had com- pletely mte!e4 her; ehe WM firmly conviacod that Look Nspoeson was ssaMUoa^ thecomas of the^ e V e S ^ s r / r ' a .oer sb»f» on aqpal terms upon U.<» *****Louis Napoleon had appeared there bound by the iations of Vfllafranca. the Prussian gov- •t, while sdrodating the acknowledgmentof the Pope's authority in the legations and the return of the exiled Duxes to their respective do- minions , would have djscountenanoedany proposal to attain that object by armed force; and now, when France has taken her place on the same platform with England, it would be the height of madness to par sue a policy which must inevitably lend to acollision with the moat formidable neighbor and the only safe ally of this country. No concessions that Austria might offfer in Germany would be an equivalent for the dangers which Prussia would in- cur by such a course, and, in all probability, there-the embassy of Count Karoby is faxed to be foreas unsuccessful as were the missions of Arcbdoke Albert and Prince Wiarifctchgrat* during the Italian Far. \ shonld not be surprised, indeed, if Austria, who now rejects a COMress, should bo the first to invokeitatnodistantsate,asleasprejudicialtoher interests than the e% porta settlement of Italyby France and England, and it is far from unlikely that this is what in expect- ed and calculated Upon by Louis Xapoieoo, who can hardly have; any objection to the C>a- frress itee'f. whxh, by meeting iattia capital, wouldafford a palpable iDumration of hi* mltuence inEurope- though he may very naturally wish toenter it unfettered by engagements that experience fresh spring. <\ fnincipif r* fret trade. fCheera,) Ho (Mr. James) k tad and so to do hta work by halves. We cannot say a worn season te think that much of that result vms to be at against him Ibr, adapting his conduct to the opinions and ftributed to the sincere apostle of free trade—Mr. Cobde n. practices- of his « own countrymen. Rather we regard it(Cheers.> Thai mighty magician, the Emperor Xapoleoi l, a.» an additional p roof of bis sagacity. At the same time,who could by one stroke or his pen,-or by bis-mere dicb '- we are sure that the new interests which will speedily affairs than could be pointed to before the com- tion, do what we with our representative institution ' grow upas imtaa try is partially liberated will require, mencement of the war. Then, at least, we had a 3«ald not aooomRtah without yeersof atrog^iiug againa ' and are the best . means of quietly ensuring the further definite, intelligible English policy. Now nobody knowsha* proved to be embarrassing.The back down of the Congress, or its postponeDesirous before everything.- that order aheB be main- tained m our laaaees, this is hew, without Upturning their equilibrium, these improvements may be obtained :—the Congress, and, as $ stated in a previous commu- courage the sciences, letters and artabnication, it was hoped that the assistance of the To compensate the loss that, the tveaaury will momen- British Cabinet would not be found to be insupera tarily experience by the reduction of the duties on the Me. Now, to be sure, when France and England are raw materials and articles of general oonsuuaptiea as food, again on good terms, neither of them has any motive our budget oflets the resource of the sinking fund, whichmaybesuspendeduntilthe.publicrevenue,raisedby the to desist from the exercise ot rights which afford increase of trade, shall permit tho fund in question tothem such advantages over those Powers whose come into operation again.made by the Papal government to still maintain doubt—by these -duties, aad the a hole sum obtained both almost all tbe staple manufactures of other countries. of impoverishing tbe State.'ks temporal power, but the en isten& -of. it teas anma- by silk and wine duties, are as dm t in the balance com- Manufactured iron in every shape, manufactured steel, Tbe whole of Europe bas seen in tbe Imperial letter a patMe :»&* the peace of Euruoe; and be looked for- pared to tho immediate aad imosen <e advantage we should otpf.tr, tin and cutlery, and all articles manufactured pledge e,f security aLdof peace, and that is not the least e.ard to no distant time to seja the complete emancipa- derive from,convincing, the Frenci i by our conduct that from any of the metals; all fabrics of notion, wool, silk, of tbe causes whiob hare secured for it general applause. tion of the whole Italian Peninsula. (Applause.) ws are heartily deeii ou» to prosaots their prosperity, and or tiiwicg of hair: saddlery, spirituous Uquore, grain, re- It is permitted, as I believe, however, that this buorieainaval armaments are on a less enormous scale, and Thus, to sum up:—Suppreswon of the duties so woolHetbttugbt hocould notdofletterthancongratulatethe enabletheirEmperor te suooeeu I n bis wifle&nd noble finedM;-ar,tobacco,toys,andvariousother inconsidera- .meeting upon the intelligence (communicated m that Say's project. By not waiting for any Iret dy, but at once taking ble articles, are included in these sweeping restrictions.Times. He had ever been a strong advocate for the tiw initiative in doing what is- right » nth respect to theseFreuc li.alliance, but that opint on was not shared by many datks in our owe eyes, we shall preserve the indepen- Mr. Pitt, Mr. Canning, and the late Mr. George Rose.dex-cmectisdestinedtoexerciseintbecivilisedworldaa influence cf another kind. Tbe universal adoption of liberalta; ifl'a wae retarded by the Qtelay with which Francethe Cermanic Confederation, including the Prussian try may well receive our testimony in its favor. We have Ipasscd through the tirst throes that invariably contingent, at the disposal ot Austria, but the de- | accompany any great change of system, and we havea real reform bill ar id not take a aham, one b o ccualu'Jed we find ready markets abroad. But for getting, throughLouis Naixileca, with a full knowledge ot the vtry for- midable dimc-alties that stand in his way, feels himself eqjal to the IJ»*Koi gradually remodelling the fis«.l aud common ml system of France on principles which Eng-sign i» so transparent that it has uat the least I survived ihem. We art- therefore in a position tochance of attaining its end. As fur the fifth rosulu-tion—the fortification of the coasts of the GermanOcean and the Baltic—it will very likely be carriedinto effect, but not through the median of the | turers—that they bave nothing to fear from the gradual Bund, but by the independent action of Prussia. demolition Of the protective taws in which they hivepaign many of the petty German .States were mov- ing heaven and earth for Prussia to take the lc id inthought pioLibitory cufctoms to be the best bulwarks ofamidst loud cheers.THE A>'OLO-Fa3aCt.'H C80IMEnCIJVL TESATY. [From the Low ton Ifconomist, Jan. It.]lor raw materials or articles o. food so.liberally that tie y win get an excellent bargain. .informed by the telegraph, recommends '-suppression ofBOcalled protectors of national labor are enchanted; tatthe home trade Our agriculturistsonco thjught so. Our declaring war tgakwt touis Napoleon! and attacking ' 'undid gentry and uobi'.ity one*- tho-ight so. They re-soil of their country iscountry is not pollcted by contact with theFrance on the ULine, by which they hoped to re-lieve Austi ia from the pressure exercised upon her inItaly. The South German kingdoms were particular-ly eager for the fi ay, but some of the small Princi-palities of Northern Germany, though equally eagerto march against the enemy,found their militaryaider *^!V.ewhat gool»d by the reflection that iarattack of a powerful French fleet, against whichthey had no means of defending themselves. Prus-sia herself has the loapest range of coast on the] garded competition and low prices aa certain ruio.aad,for a whi!»\ no doubt, soma of ihem suffered considerably.purtant point is that of our customers, and here the ac- removed, imn intention i? io replrae them by Caties, and tount pre seats some very striking features. The Dnitnl the value of-ibe change will depend to some measure uponli is not inappropriate to remark- that tbe manufacture of printed cottons, of tulles, and of other matters, c: wkich spun cotton forms tbe raw material, and which arp altogether sacrificed at present, employ ten times as many workmen as cotton spinning. The question, however, u not one of injuring ot compromising this latter; we only want to j. '. an end to the steii-.-; things which confers a monopoly on the spinners. Tkt SurUt spinners, our noigh ban. yrefy&uilhovi protection and those of Germany, unth no t.ere*sary superiority over ounr ore euate content totle at.se of a war their seaboard would be open to thequite as coed as that be heal before, and then has all theeven. India also is a most important customer to us, for:the account between the two countries is not only ver-,' the inroad which it makes upo-^he exclusive ommercinllarge—£30.000.OCOand upwards both waystog.Hb.er—bti sjsterc that l.^e been so carei Hy fostered bv successiveis L-erut wLat in or.r„Iavor. From the Chinese, of coursa, rilers af Wrante, acd by non:-»a»ore sedulously.than the simple duty, of 22c. the kHosramme. Many people think we buy immense stocks of tea and siik, whereas at prcsv head tiA'ao House of Orleans, who all the while professed that it would be a decided advantage to allow the manu-Orosj the Paris stonitear, Jin !» JIirg to meet the * r each Knapeeer half way ta any propo- rai for the mutual libeiatiou of commerce We coroiatly agree with him that the multjnttcation of the means ofPtotectienlsts aa a grand encouragement and consolation. We Eogiehmcn know by this Ume what free trade is, and we claim a right to be heard on the subject. We can speak from experience of its good and ill; and when, with thattwo greet articles- of ra.\*lmatcri»l—«;oal acd irou—and in such ''qautitios. indeed, that the annual value of the yield 13 fully double that of all the gok! of California. By the aid of these materials we work up. others—cotton*Looking at all that is implied in tbe language of ibie re-j advise others who have to pass through ihe like, and we delibtrately tell all clashes of people in France—whether j landed proprietors, agriculturists, merchants or manufac-r traced a net** that mates the arratem strtdoJewardaaaoegiewmde her fafucai toadesttto impotslblef When Ihrtrmie M—m tmgtamdmmd France rises u> £40,C0O,wx> nnvnally Hutead of £17,000000 tasal- liance settl be tftxtuat indeedwith high uses, whkd; cannot be j«ua*a frian Uw jLZ*? ofview ofrot>it»npublicrighis, IL? arw.,|UMt^TS* principle of whicb is tbe toii»wng.-!npj«- t7-mTZitU.ji.taatxinmacem«uyageah»oeFrancewasa na- ,,maintenanceofthose w ,,k surrender themtuvt. in (hir couawy aveh a aa^ awaXens aniveisataCm»ratK>n, in rtnaee » sheeid SA**.1* «r<'J'wb#re *jr»:^a» ffl^*%fc wad tar rprom the London Herald (organ t-f Lord Derby) Jan. I t J the State alone, and tat ta one's ld*>» oiiatia. jf» iTbtave resolve toH ir« rf It jai'y saond gretitnde, saw a «**'«working tor St reciptoeal advaatagva. With aa* are wiU aotThe Rrt!i*h organ of the French governseent paya una we any snore attempt to epprecau> a* r-Sieo, oa -.n* oJ? doubtful compliment l«*r the readawas wan which we hare ing pepolatioos of ihe rnrat dutrictc aad the UyaoTomt o r Ifce soaHtlebe ccntta*.** tne advocate of (be great maritime Inter- at rectMoeaf advantages. With lessincooveoWSres of m "rst » the sate « the grandc m or tbaaeeuntry. tees gma thre the Preoch gevera- rccoentaed the wisdom of Louis Mapetron'a latest mant whom every pmi*g* er moco^Cf ttutt nn»tbe»rtl atrtt need net assume as the seam of any oaaaaercial feste; I Embarrassed by conviotkms hself, it ha oaav than en tbe otber e,U*n+, be cause tary bare last aaaw tfiaty »ith this country We nave framed our comavr pittiiy at a tots to understand au neneat judgment oa tne of defrodiog thcmarlrrs sganwi it To draw Zeai clal »j«t m rn a most l.lieral foundation, and we are wil Preoch Emperor's policy; snd Because we do aot shrink indk-im*ct against tne prohibit ve syMem M ZJonTfcom expretsmg aa approval, when we beneve aa ap-•roval m sue, K ts»|*ne« to us the enscrapntoas pattaaa-ihip which so esaioectiy distinguishes Se own columns world is arrsjed sgaiart P. and the imperial knar»cd ukermr advantages tarn f.om n to the jTioie world.. , ,u* costtN COKrwiKft y a m , * * •Wf. BouptU, at. P. for Lambeat. addresa * h»cOBSt!tMaat on the lWh tut. 1has Ihsrcawe arrwrS tor oecopytof oumelre* with the fereaie to tsis migiaainiit oat of the Freoch ant oeror,confidence. Francis Joseph to reported to means of giving a areas sUmutas *> the several branch.* that at the very time this act eaa croehnojea t"> the liberating, the privileges stipulated for shall be reciprocal Surpoae would be infiuaely better served If it attracted asbe quite oroide himself with rage, aad than sf the frtlttrr1 weaMt world Mr. G*On. the great apostle of free trade, • « * aad the asvantages mutualwoald be reason to fear a repetition of the coup detttehewasgoatyoflastApril,ifthedeplorable condition of his empire did aot preclada ail psssf- bOity of recommencing a stroggto is which he has already boon so dtosatroualy worsted. As osae!,I aSdrea to von wMW ta* object the tosses of a pro 1'aiis, and Usevetore it was no vtoient conjectureJ>» sup trassme. several parwof wttfob wtlMiare um*-Mvc the pese that he had had no uaimpottant haad in •** vmttle netice as pofsible. * i * • * _ * From the London News, Jan. 17.] Now, to assume that because the French Emperor, inVienna tarn their eyes towards Prussia, whom»«t on—rtUum m call to mind, ibat whatever may b.asprohatk*oftheOmmhin,andupwwMevyo*will oaaeort with your cutleries m order te?(«s«r* «hf men sunshastada|StStogrveagriettttare,UMUMtryassteooa meres a lively unpulso.aboutthatgreatconsummation. BOWIVJAMES-m.K,aw mm(Bear,bear.)1 tBiN,triadr*SDtiemoDStrationofhisconfidenceinhsownpowerhecould hardly have complied more effectually Una by an- nouncingapolicyoffreetradeJamasbehasmadethe priesthood of France and Borne his enemies He has, however, had the courage to do that, aad mere ta every reason to believe that he will be justified by the result.wmtucideataUybenefitthatnationheisthereforelatent upon modi»\ tog bat owe views in Italy to suit oar desires, isaboutaslogicalastosupposethatCherbourgisdesign ed expressly to perpetuate the English alliance We give every credit to Louie Napoleon for his prudent resolves If the Coras Legislatif are equally wise, before three rearsIrectedmanegemeet IIUnotoattm wrydartan moiified protective dunes are to auoppear Irom our tart? andonlySacaldaUeangurethereto wanregardtoara' bibiticij, even the imperial word bad alreadyTtoeo cirtal i e trafbhas been longsreeasasod, tha* lb* nrnaueof nn li—ann ntnat to mattjpMeStarenter to rssdercomswrceTHO rOPK-Mr Edwin Jam re, M P. for Marylcbone, adtlfesaextCw •that it should not cease tin Jute, lisffirm. and « h 'lavwdiag afneoJturer a must he maJe to participate' good, liberal aad paternal, why .not withdraw the Aus- interest*. " his aim.in tie benefits of banking nsutotions, to "clear away fe-' trian- and French bayonet*, and wwh them the worst » ^ * e * erests- sitoated in phtfns, te replant the mountains witl {despetam whichever eppresaed-the bameospecies, and j Not- appS >ving of those parts of the plan by which the trees; to lay out every yenr a oonaiderab: «*Bum on gretS- leave the peep* to settle the matter. (Cheers ) If the .Imperial god ernment is to do what had better be left to woika of diainage, irriflnWse ami UUage. ToeeB worka/ pope wee, as he assumed to be, the vicegerent or heaven, jthe compete. ion of individuals, we must remind our by traasformlng waste lanes into cultivated *rowsds, wtL^ Why, his kingdom was not of t*riflworld. (Rougbtef.) ' readers that in France a great system of control has enrich the communeswsjbeet impoveristet the State, 1 In contrast so the dark cdferde wbicte overshadowed grown up-forei ges, and been extended to almost every which witl get back its advaaeea by the sate of » part of Europe, tbey had that day the ^srtltng brt pleasing I itel- part of -life: % uddenly to change this system is net pos- those lands restored teagtrceitare. ligenee that tl*t Bmperortf tkcirfnch uwr noiKtwpla (tag stale. Bvea n >> selling industry free the Emperor isTo eacoursge industrial production it is *eessarv to I Knthnrrttf'' awd mmtneniA rtlattmrwith J^ijtowd aw the obliged to retsm a regulating function for the government,anxious to t*dv<e us. By all inease let ue aeake tatoas as hamperimg regulations do not bind their hands V e Sara pleasant as we can, so far as the removal of an unneces- bad thousands of proofs of this at home as well as abroad,sary barriers between the intercourse of Fraace aad in the case ot manufactures as well as all otber modm of England extends Bet let us not forget that it is human activity. French industry, with the apptiances not the commercial policy of tbe Prensh Emperor which it already posnrsres, with the remarkable pererMja! which has disturbed our confidence, pointed skill which it has at its command, and the quality of out tbe defencelessness ot our shores, aad which cannot but further improve wall the new encoursummoned our vouth snd msnhoodj to arms, but the sgements which tbe government is going to lavish oa it—uncettled liate of Europe, consequent upon a war, waged French industry, on the path on which it from this Lane in opposition to our withes, and in contempt of our re- starts, is about to present tbe One spectacle wham finghahmonstrance. industry has ameug to tha world since the moment when Robert Peel commenced the great reform which ensuresWhatever cause for our vigilance existed twelve months immortality to his name And, in the same way as isfree from ail duty the raw materials indWpsnauMe to in- dustry, and to lend it, exceptionally and at a moderate per centage, as has been already done to agrlceltore for drainage, tne capital that wtl! asee: it in nerfec'JBg its mi- Xerial.One of the greatest services te be rendered tc the coun-try V to facilitate the carriage of materials abactatet? re-quired by agriculture and industry. To this ecd"the Ifi-ago exists now. There is evtn more ground for anxietyEngland, all class's ot society will receive Its beneflis, but the greater part of them will be for a class which bas m sispulabe right to the indefatigable but enlightened sail citode of public authority and of soctetv—the class of working people.gradual reduction of the ta? upon provisions of general s r. Coningbam, M. V., addressed ths electore-of Brighton there/one, espeet that tk e improvement in France shouldNarOI.EONS fBHVICES TO THS COMMERCIAL WORLD. in which labcr is honored, in which Ihe public authoritiesfFicm the Iondon Pest (government organ), Jan. 18 ] profess to encourage it, to impose duties on raw material*isanabsurdity,andalmostanenormity. TnereisreasonThe woik unfinished seven and five years sgo he fNa- to hope that the measure will be extended toother arti-ticles besides wool and cotton Foreigners in all sides polton) now seeks io perfect in 1860 or 1801; and what- have set us tbe example of exempting from duty more eron Aitioaj , January 16. • of England and other countries. consumption will then be a necessity, as well as the suw- Iu the course of aifl remarks he said the most-important redound to the adventogt 'Pore aad the Kaiser w ere sutxotsful they woulC- bind,the hands aad the souls o i men in a darkness wh ich would diSuso itself through^ >ut the whole of Europe ; and he could sot believe Shs t was .be des-say of thoi «e mighty[From the Ijverfpool Mercury, Jan. 18.1 * • * * *> i^ ^tUEaperor of theFrerrh havtMrjust Fr» be therestoration, as derotedlj attachid to the Pope, sad wxrouton TO a. A. FOCLD, aunmran or arai*. pritctpiesof frte t.ade, be thonghe that wa'Jf for rxchac-ge is the asset effective anfisurngiawsw se com- New. we are aot so much surprised at Hs enVontery as at tu bas svoueeoceu Ki doom, aenceferth we ahowU laatas bitterly opposed to the heretical English Pilots or ran TtTusMSS, 4** 6, l80t> sdvenugee to the rwt merce, and we corgra.ulate Fraooe oa the praspect want ef tact. When aa English journal openly aad boldly urrnnasdcad. CotsUteatioas, which the reader «*j a te U n r m s - Nof»UhstM*»f the tweet taiaty I the#ecomd he wfaieh the commercial policy developed fen his Majesty s espouses the policy of she foreigner it. woual be Idle to appreciste, forbid our dweUiag any Imgvr on tha ansa•asheisheraelf,tadherdisappointmentaadthatmitpcevaXtcecertainpntut*orSort«Bpoxy,»pa|masatewmpiletcsystemorleoptoony.TflHaf.heafr) letterojeneteher;betwedeairethattatheConvention expectofaanymoderationtoitsadvocacyoftheciuseit VewouldnotmakeoutaaaluiceaWtagainstthearshn gaortifkatioa art How eqoal to her former ciflc soituioo mm* evidently be foreseen. Tbe toommt And he theagas it wan uot out of place mutWsaV tare- rn which the respective governments are at preeest de- defends; but common erne* might suggest to it that iu unless eSorts should be nude to ree. tcitif it afu/XTeltctors en the lot* nit. in Leaden.whoa reduced to great straits, the Cabinet of flourwk.of, thai wtfhotit <wmpetKioa iodustry reonias He sai-l -Witli regard to the coming session^ the nr»« Bow are we, as English men, to regard this new deveiope are over, all France will have felt the benefit of the i's pleoaede. Bbt ft Is • • be kept JMsHn—y, mi keeps up hlgS'prices, wnicu* are opposed important question ftw coaafcSOratioa was that of oea> . ment of trench commercial policy r Shall we any that it theytreatwithcontumelyassoonas theyare notJ teincreasesfeonsumptxn;I3atvfttoouta pAseertm3>ar- tintntalpolit:cs,walslf had latelyassumed so manyae-I isthefruitandpledgeoftheententecordiale—aconcessionchanges he ts about to introduce. She will be richer, stronger,more contented than ever, aad the Emperoralliance of the two Powers. For it ia a leasee with increasing force towards the universal free -—durationofaperiodofprudenttransition,whichwstan in want of her assistance. Count Karoby has ar- 1 duetry as devefcpe cajutal, agr*eetturo iiseir rsmatos iw * •sets that it was impossible for any man to prediaMa«er | to English interests or an approximation to English ideas f wiU bare added another pillar te his throne, ami another atnajs been careful to recommend, the force of arena itate of wmocy Tnere is a general connection, then, m hour what would happen ia the aaat. The L'umnvnr o f JT prop to bis dynasty. We will go further and say stances, or rather the progress < f the public mud or g,i lt aven for bid! We could pises no confidence in the pro-tired hero in hot haste to appeal to the generosity i he sunii—< HI Serelopeaent of the etementtrof pnbtts the Freaeh Aad now Xorfed deflmx at rtHgunu tSjWvy. ax wed legislation if we were not convinced, as every en that he will have materially consolidated the rope, is bringing round the ship's bead, aad drivhw •>! prosperity Bat fee essential qrestioe is to kurw withrt auhough in dclng so be might endanger his thros»,andof the Prince Rages*., requesting hist to let by- , Kg htened man ta France ta convinced, that it has its rootswhich every year teaches with greater force, thatwhere important material interests ate at stake be-tween nations, there are decidedly greater obstacles to a ought to any to h.tneHf tha* a day willa-lar as in him lay, he wonlOcdrry I Rf ni what lumar the State ought to Avtor these sevtral iate- had proclaimed that, ao-far as in him lay, he woiilaVcarry Set P hi French interests, and is nothing lees man the besttion which we have pretty wel' learned to in regard to our export markets. Every Igooes be bygone a, aad to join Austria in maintain- i for which he said he entered into \ 4m,\ resu. aad what order of preferTOW it ought tc grant to out the grt at principle for which ' ey which oar neighfcors could adopt, whatever thelag the came of Isghimstii monarchy against the < each of tfaeat- the recent war with Auasw*tna^-vnfc?nr p> make Italy fnr from I se-STherefore, before developing our fBrelgn trade by ths UeJUpt to the Adriatict.. (Cheer*s.) The conduct or- the I eent ton aad practice of other nations might be. The Em rupture. But what has all this to do with lu!)? Simply when be nil! have to be eumdeut 'or himself, wahaaY _inroads of the revolution. I have frequently had I exchange of erorfhor, ear agrwuitur? mast he frnproved Smperor, however, had naturally created great anWety jSrdk only says what great Frenchmen have said before nothing. The commercial and political aspects of affairs ai-pport of tneen aandJM iwmemtv* dmnt whOh as» oeonaien to mention that theoretically ton Prince i ssd our industry freed from ail the iateruai fetters that and dnernst ameug tho people of ghftawd; he would not' Mm a he n be sets forth that consnmptk n is the true final are totally distinct We may be very, glad to drink a charge upon tne pwhUc-a charge lasdrntssabte tanrta.was well inclined to sympathise with the ideas of j paue a in a state of inferiority. At present, not oclyare say fear, because they never feaied. (Cheers.) W%a»' Of industry. This is the sum of the teachiag of the 'era and BaMiats. Bad the legislation of Prance ided by the mind of France, it would net have (or the Emperor to inaugurate free trade hy this r. *To him belongs ths incontestable msrK of a d courageous endeavor to make the prosperityFrench wtaes without at all assenting to i Preach protoc ctole, since what it produces coes not go into the centraour gnat naOettaklafje rmeeded by s best of restrictive which Austria is the chief representative, but un- | waaaaanw. auSw«a» abe weiawe of those who teas* tardor the present circumstances, he is assuredly not jI far from havi£y attained the develoeemeat it has id a Quixotic enough to attempt togive practical effect to ' neajhboriagoottitry f i e , then, only a'general syztmikbe (Mr. James) contended lor wae shot England showldksew free from afi these poiftlfcer ccmyScations oh the Cbs>. { beenisetrt |Gneers > There would be more dignity It ter eolation rban in nwddlmg with dlpk>omry aad treatirst \mrate ta Italy; and we amy even conceive- the tstroduc ton of English coal and iron into France for a totally dif- ferent purpose than that of benefitting certain interests on this side of the Channel. We lot* entry rapedJirr the French Empercr as a free trmder.butwe mkjmttothevayor the State./it oD enwen it it tmhmkgn mm feel they **»• their letin their hamdt that theirfaculties an dmmorxd atuten and fAcrrtrorJ: acquires all its ftcumMw nwddr OVI of good ooHtlcal eooaossy > that can, by -meting naneual' be sense re the end see would and mast be coasnltedvthose theories. Even if the Congress had met, sad w n H L dtetrlhutc cenipeteasy among the werkmg clascss. (Hear , hear .) IT the government of the Pope wes s » 1 of t i e nd t,0D> instead of the aggrandisement of a few ptTUouegumetf "foOme my leader*' into waat* aejeemi so (onditum that they be f roe to act, and that rmtrictiot aadwith a few obscrvs Uons upon America, rema; kins that no all this work we reo/iire two things—stujt to work with,It will l»e recollected that during the Italian cam- probably struck dismay into the huarU of those who once their attendance and aOenUfaa, and rf .jumed hid neat better market, and we can deal with them in return eitht r eiaUoLB contaited >u it. The Empersr, if we are correctiv has not enough of calico, its first requirement B • :*MThe public were soma'.vba*. start let. o o Thuraday by an States ore, btynsui all compjrxun. thd-larpit custom*s uili\. the smo«ni of there duties. Evetiif these dutiec should a number of bands out of employ, But new machinery were at this momwai.oiu foot having 0 >t Hie a object the as much at they sell l>erm any, on the other hand, takes probibii/a.a from the French commercial cade is areryBut ouly lor a while. The farmers or EcgUwd sufferedjust as iaborarsCo wbeu a new ptecv of machinery throws announcement in the. loaden l',>A "that negoliatians whom we hare amy dealings, but they I'am/i f>u.v of us half be boavy, however, in the first astance, the removal efcreat(i» new »oik, and after a brief interval ihe unem- conclusion of a tisaVj l>a»weeu Frs.nco aud England ou • rem us, through the Hanse Towns, t.vice as much a; she btld ftep tn tlie right direction. There are many Englishployed laborer settles himself in a new way of living the broad basis of mntoai advanuga.'' V4e beiiuve wescuds, while Spain and Turkey keep the balance pretty- product3 -which will bear a vrwr heavv per ceniage ofmay say with coi^ldruce itaat the ml .irmau^a of our con advantages which machinery has introduced. It ts so temjiorary is sutstajttialSy correct, and that negotiations with producers ot every kind who have HouriahoTunder of a buainus like onaxaictcr arc at prescut iu prog.-essprotective laws. The first introduction of foreign e.ompeti- with the object staWxl.Hon reduors pi Ices, and produces a new sute of th» mar- The first rellactic n w&ch wc ainst al! fsel at such ane'.uty; but the j}>eat importance it the change consists inBaltic, including the seaport towns of Stettin, Dant ket For a time the couree of things seems disturbed. But announcement ia a griaifymgoue. It is most gratify inc. < n ws sell them next to nothing, Russia, again, is rncxa a grrai Crabs to cultivate more intimate commercial re facturers Of printed cottons and ihose of tulles to Import,tittle b/lill'.e they right themselves. Uen settle d4M|av.>Uij to know thaV tbw l^aipcror considers himself abte to rem:liters of their now i>osiuou, and fijurish batter make an impfirta/it oaove in the direct.^a of free trade. than it tore. It has bee a ao with us on this 3ids Of the His personal sen'jmaats have long b<>er^vvell known; audot a seller than a buyer, wh ch is not extraordinary, cm lalion^.v^tk'England. A cuitoms" duty, cn& estubtished tiUcring bow much we waal -other proluce and ho* little <an 'jz,le-MrHtftom time to *i-a« as occasvmjnay4erv- andtbe idaaof a freer system c i commercial intercourse with tliB.T-iw'itjhbprb.T»3 AdtSRtCAN COTTON MADE WITUFRA^CS FREED BY "AVeil.EON.[Paris (Jau. 16) correspondence of London Post]free of duty, the one common twist or calicoes, and the other ins twist, on conditiotof re-exporting an equivalent quantity of these articles when manufactured. It » known that the law authorises the government to givn this facility to the trade, and that it has often prowled by the permission. Unless we ace mistaken in regard to dyed stuffs, the free importation of spun cotton on condition M re exportation actually edicts. Considering the present pailful position of the printed cotton and tulle manuf.»c turars, hv seems that nothing oould be more titu-g tuaui-i extend to them also tha advantages of this rtxracgeTBADI OF TRAJtCl IM 186'I.Tha ."wis Moniteur ot the iota ultimo publaL&i-lue retorus of the general revenue for the past year, which atsounted to l,CO4,S14,60Cfr., being an lncreasa-of 5L>1S,- OCCfr. oa lfeos. The items which show an ig^ransmoat are—Import duty on foreign sugar, 12,020.OOOfr.; daty oa potable liquors, 8,439,6CCfr.; postage, 3,*62,uOatr ; sundry duties and receipts, 2,.-*A»uOi/fr.: import uly on, sundry merchandise, 2.097,003fr; salt duties. 1 n^OQOfS.; sale of tobacco, 1,471,OOOfr.. import duty on cern,i?IJ0OOfr.; navigation dues. t>67,900fr.. stamp dui.es, bXLfiOCtr ; cus- toms export duties, 4£»,0Mfr.; money ordece, iM.OOCfr.; transit charge on foreign letters, 26,000/. Those which have fallen off ere:-_BagistraUon duties, la,M8,0OOfr ;tic, Kenigsberg, Met set, A c , besides wiiu-h, shehas latelv acquired a port and territory at themonth o f the river Jahde, a tributary of the Ger-man Ocean, where ahetisbuilding a naval arsenal torher incipient tleet: the next iu extent of the mari-time States being Hanover. Oldenburg, Mecklen-burg, Bremen, Hamburg, and Lutock. The neces-sity of putting the coasts in a state of defence hav-ing been recognized, Prussia requested those gov-ernments to attend a conference at Berlin, toconsult on the measures requisite for thatpurpose, at the same time giving uotke to theDiet that it had better uot meddle in anaffair which she ia perfectly able to settle withoutthe interference of that body. Of the States justmentioned. Hanover has declined attending theconferences, out of spite against Piussia, whom shehates for her liberal tendencies and her aotagotiisui cial p: v%: t ii. let them be superior k> imtty fears and na. laurn KugUtui will be expa,s>ad to give "aaequivaieaf cHunot preteul to grow the vine, nor can we buy any- to Austria; but Mecklenburg, Oldenburg, Lubeck row views al>d traaHjoral masima, and let Uu»n resolve liar tha steps wade by Pr3t.ee in the direction ot free where wince of that particular quality which France pro- and Hamburg have asceedeo to the proposal, and to bear any present tvii incidental to to great "x change trade, ami tuu is net fo aaay a matter. We base no duces in prsfuaion. On ths other hand, if Frenchmenthat tbey roo*l expect a brief period of trial. But tbeur lot&ts will be but lempoi&ry, while their jain will be in- creastd in proportion to the better supply of raw matorial and the extrusion of the number ot consumers The umpcrary depresrion will be more than redeemed by tU? new mil ken opened out and by all the advantages that Uow from enlarged commerce. Let them, then, taka heart, and hail the new csmmercial policy of their Emp$- ror as the best pledge tr their future fortunes; let them give him a nearly supi«t t ia that bttid sunu tor commer-case itsalL '11M only "advantage ' which Franca- can literally osly ileal w:Ui us to the amount of £4,00J£0u or offer us is to lake our commodities .on b»>tter terms. The Xi.tto^Ae, wherea3. rlpiland docs more than '±c, and8etsore!he death of tho.late Mr Mason, representativeef th«.- foiled Slates in France, that -gntlemaa had com ment. municatcd propositions 'JO the imperial government for anow treaty ef common > between thkvcountrv and America The cotton trade or France w t h . the United States(chiefly carried on at Havre) was one of the main objects! a failure n this country we could not have affbrdel to nature wit!* the noon RB* oilers us. Our imports with lieve, in short, that the people of South America hava the conferences will ha opened forjhjrith, and the i vpeaa as we do »ow. Our pres.3 would imve condoled wilt Franco are- pi mcipaiiy ajteka of a very Iuxur^)n»«harac-[1'aric (Jan. is) Correspondence of London Times ] Tbe Journal dt> Houen, the Courrier du Bas Skin, the &z-measures they conclude upon willjaVloubt be con- ' >reu<h ruerchaats, manuiv.ure.-rsnnd farmers as heartily ter, and the duties we Oipofe on them are revenue du greater need of British markets than the people of France? ducted with more energy and despatch thau if left is it now rejoices with them But we know what oom- Uea, which are prodoatuo to the KScche<iuer, which do 1 ook at our cutlery. We could put knives an 1 s jissors in to the discretion of the Bond. The Prussian com- meice K—»'.• know the advantages ul having ife un not press upon toe p^cr, aud which are liable to almost the fcwise of every Frenchman tar better than bo nowInf fvUic, of L?ons, tbe Journal de 5a fWrtev, and the duty on beet root sugar, 6,2S6,00Ofr ; sundry customs re-Froixe VrntraU. declare themselves unreservedly in favor ceipts, l,48S,0C0fr sale ef gunpowder, S0T;ejsfr. The of the measures recommended by the Emperor. Tbe Increase of the re»*uas ef I860, aa compared, with 1867,missioners are Baron Moltki. Quartermaster Gene- hesitating ty to bait in France au approiim*ti»>u to Mir own ral of the Army; General Voigts-Reedtx, oi the systemWe shall be asked to relinquish tome of those to obtain from Fruooe a re^ixation of bti protective system. We do not say or imjii that this should not bi done, but wotigese per mile the c o n of laying down those railways on wbioh the French Emperor wisely counts lor the improve- metit of French trade, and we could reduce their wurkiug tx proses in like proportion by the means of cneap coal. As for ourselves, there are countless articles which weUnion Bretamu. tbe Courritr de Lyons, the Echo du Nbrd. the Jiovvtlltst* de Rouen, likew.se give their approbation, on rendition that the reforms shall be gradual.was 41,031,OOOfr. _{Prom tha Par* OmstttuUounal, Jan. 16 ]This tetter is an ovcat, and aa event of thwmost impor-it is very sfCisfsctoj^ that we now feel that ho can 'act upon them. Tjur-v can be no dou'.t. Uiat thenegctia. lions must bo of this character, aa. %Mas France isthe actually needs of tmrs^ but there is another exirnple wo may reasonably hope to see successiva relaxations, at whMh is of more impo7tanc> than all. Nothing can. bo the Sranch people become r^ire and mora accustomed tom a t s . Bui within the tirst decade of j cars, from thepasrieg cf free trade, our farmers began to grow richagam, and tbe result is tUa* land was never'soremunera-l i . e nor ;arn>ers ever ao proeperous as they Have beenwithin the !a>i Ove yeais. We are therefore able to sym said—we ' oiteve with truth—to '.it'-'.e in some- de- isetn ber, bnt when it saints to ihe turn of Frenchmen to pathize with French protectionifts. We tell them franklyieslrieteil. We ourselvas-do not j;o to France for s> much concerned, not merely because Mr. Gobdea is as we really want, though we do take £13,000,000 worthgree lutGrveaed in th&m, but frota. the nature of the be b u j e i s the liguras- are Isss satisfactory still. Theyonly boon ^be, can give us i- to m.ad.fy her highly protec- Brazil nearly as muah.tive taj:i" :u anme degree, and w:\ii respect to some com-moilitiei or other. And aa we are all free tn\dere, wo Evidciitly there is something wrong here. Prance has must Uf ranch rtKuced to how that she is inclined to. a population of above SO-,000,000; England JC neirly Cose. S0,iC0,<C0. The two countries thus peopled ! a close toFrederick William and Frederick Charles, will as- I flrat inconveuionccs that may follow from tha a.(option of deserves the most carpfu! consideration which can be be-sist at the meetings. Hanover me ins to set about the changes, aad we sta the whole of the population of stowed on ii, »nd tha w-j would not wish ta give an thould be glad to receive from the other side of the Chan prohibition '-The Emperor s letter,'- says the Manorial, of tbo anxieties caused bv a contact whig* was distantit in her own way; mt obsequious. Legislature i* France acutely eecupiad in remunerative industry, peace- to 'grant her S5i\0w thalers hi addition to her own i fcl ant! ce nttatsd—wa will not say unanxioua for war, but budget of two millieaa, wherewith she intends I devoutly anxious for peace, aad for preservation rrom buflding two forts on the Elbe and Weser, to pro- everything that may obstruct the progress of industrial tect the entrance of these rivers. The 550,0011 i.enterprise With the growth of commerce, and the ex-nel—articles which everybody who goes to France be- comes desirous of purchasing, and of which those who Flay at heme never conceive an Idea. Would it not be a thousand times better if each country manufactured for itself only what it could best manufacture, and then undoby the French manufacturers. cause the {Jury ef a reign were carried en with the great* couree, we would rather see Frenchmerf*come to our mar M- MICHEL CHKVAtilSB OM THE KIW DeftTSIAL est zeal—namely, the transformation of Paris, tne eata-thaltrs are to be raised by a loan, and placed to ac- tension of interior trade, we see the gradual elevation of gulihed plac<; in thnatatory of the •imes. * * * ' * * count of the peac« budget; the charges foe moving ; tlie peoi le m every rank of life, and a grand consolida'ion The suppression of duties upon wool and coiling, the troopa to guard the coast iu case of wax remain for V of aH social and national interests. It is not selfish, surely gradual reduction upon sugars and coffees, ana the sup-Wc say nothing about the present balance of 'trade. Offurther consideration.The Prussian Chajajbers willrow be the f*Hne* depanaa of the two the capital. It is ex will be of a pacific to thearmy, will they canFirst Basin ths! to coalempaue for a moment the posaiMe alvantages to press-um of prohibitions, introduce a reform into thirworld to peaceful intercourse and houcst rivalry. Wohava a right at such a time to think of the good that we £1 8s. to £1 as. 7.',d. the ICO kilogrammes, while from theket as freely aa we go to theirs, but we should not com- plain if our imports from France reached to £30,000,0u0, instead of £13,C00,000, provided only there was a fair frrtdom of intercourse between the two countries. We do not with for any forced reciprocity, or any artificialmOOBAMWS.The Journal dct DihaU, of the l « h nit., contains a long ar •biisbmeci at taatitutions of public vreiit. the opening or execution of railways in a* parte, the establishment of municipal institutions, and financial reforms. And now, just after too conclusion of A war which has profoundly agitated aU Europe, and of which all the emsequences are cot yet definitively regulated, tho Emperor hetumtti not to tract for she second time sac prodigious progranayt tf hitbe opened to mor- aad moat of the' both countries of havmg ia future years an unity of com Preieh tarsil which those unacquainted with that tariff i meroial intereaU, and therein the strongest motives ia the have little idea of. Raw coUou pays a duly ranging fromtide by M. Michel Chevalier on the Emperor's letter to theMinister of State, which appeared in last Sunday's Mom-tour. M. Chevalier hail* the reforms therein announcedas the inauguration of a peaceful policy. After enumerat-ing the rnr»cs proposed tor giving increased freedom andactivity to industry, and expressing his satisfaction espe internal policy. These two ctruiinstances arum them cially at the promised relaxation of tho system of over-opinion en IU •'Mails until they shall bo more matured"respects the principle ef protection, and there are certain and full of uncertainties, that the Emperor resolved thaieases In which protection is not possible except by prohi manufactures and the fine arts should sosanit to the judg- bitmn. *' ment of tbe civilized world their productions snd tbqirThe Gazette de Lyons atone appears to blame the princi- chefs d'auiTs. It was during thai gigaadic war that ho ples set form in the Emperor's letter at not beiag in con- called on France to redouble bar pacific efforts and aeformity with the wishes expressed on several occasions tlvity. It was then that the woria wltiah are snfllcioal toted an-gn of Nanokon HI. must take hereafter a distia an exchange of commodities*already arrived ia ' may be able to do to each other by the free: interchange French colonies it is prohibited except in French ships. establishment of a commercial equilibrium. The best way-tlhe Prince**of commercial relations We do not mean that we arc Cotton toatiufactures, except nankeens and laces, is to let such dealirgs lied their own level. If we have ; immediately going to beat oar swords into pk>agh*h*rcs, are a!A> prohibited. Sugars pay from £3 8a. to more seed of French goods than the Preach have of Eng- I nor our spears into pruning nooks We shall do no such £4 Is., in foreign ships, and arc prohibited lish goods, so be It. If the balance is against us there, it ! thing—we •hall, as before, go oa providing from the French cokmiee except in French bottoms. will be In our favor somewhere else where the conditionsby no means a pcrslna grata with the caasem.For^Sne years Berlin has been one of tho feww . r x i i n i t a l e k u t a i haws ao Italian Opera and every i.,• fit rrnAnau*gera>eB}g mostly of a very Ulterior with i r ,,French Import duties. Wo trust that the liberality and merely th« theory of tbe case. At present we cannot eB^ghtenmtnt which have dictatsd these changes, will af- expect to tee it put into practice, either in France or fect at the tame time the extinction of the sy&tam of dif- elsewhere, for it will require years to deveiope the ferential datiW on over sea pro face to which Fraaor has tte principka which tbe EmperorJ»as Jald down. This, to pertinaciousry adhered. We claim this as a right, be however, is the true doctrine and the taeal by wnioo we cause franco sea availed herself now for ten years of our should be guided. Protection and self sufficiency are pure, .bre. the ttaStibaa of reallj good mnqic had be- perps noat obeohste ta thh aotdi^n«i centre of •gaiastieconomical delusions. No elvmsed country can be self- st flick-ni. Even where population aad territory attain such enormous limits as in too case of the Chinese exter- nal commerce • all but a necessity. The Chinese, are pro- digiously the gainers by selling us tea, and they weuld Inrrratir their advantages if they would deal with us forfoe our defence, and holding ourselves ready The Importation of coffees from the French depen- happen to be reversed. What we produce, we profess to bash bur- ' to keenJ tee world at hay. Bat what we dencies is not confined to Preach ships, bat tha 'regulation, he comes to that part ef the letter wb'ch he says will produce the greatest sensation, viz., the an- nouncement of the approaching abolition of the prohibi- tive system.•elves most Instructive. Without, however, gatag at pre- sent to the bottom of things, we are happy to have to show Uiat the Chief of the State is no less anjtans for tha [;jasperity of France than for her glory and nor b'> i<r[From the Paris Secle, Jan. Ill)Ibe new system constitutes a bona fld» revolution tait*, politico economical system of Prance and of the otaer Miuropedn Powers. There is one part of ibis letter which may be approved without reserve—thai which pronoses the suppression ef the duties levied or_ certain ran mue- rials. the progressive reduction of ttw-duties on sunarand coffee, the improvement of the means of communication, tbe sale of a part of tbe communal properties, leins to agriculture and Industry, the replanting of the mountains, irrigation and works cf pubUe utility. The soppr*ssv>Br of probiaitioB*, to be replaced by protecting duties, tb» conclusion of treaties of commote with the stber Powers of Europe, raise questions so complicated and diffic-tft that tbey can only be property solved after careful study. Ths suppreos;on of prohibitions is undoubtedly a bomam to an excelteut principle; brt hi effecting taeV cwur*we cannot overtook tte fact that targe, capitals aoi tha entire torttxe-a of many are Invested in rant taetures which bare r.ot hitherto b » c expos Mis competition. Tbey w4H c»seeiaeotly reutilre to b» prctocted forfcurn*time jet, in order to aave them fwn tola ruin. We have often expremed ojr oi^aiwl„ . . . K e n aui|i9, uue ins duty is procuce of such s quality and * t such a price that it wUl tion la the mean to h i l T afjil It that the esUbushm-ni in £4 4s. if brought in foreign ships, or a differential duty command a market If no barriers are put in Its way. We 1 of General France of a commercial policy similar to that ot England of £3 in favor ot French ships. Tne "prohibitions' em- are sure that we can live by our work, as Tar as its realThis system has been developed in France to an extent violent onslaught on the wB do atotf. ta awie war between thtUno countries imfouiUs brace to large a not tion of the French tariff, that theia value snd sale-ability are con semeJ. We ask for no pro- of which the annals af tbe world afford no ether instance,government, although the lata Minister of War was «*u»wB m^sfiaur imka w* mmfut together, it will sumu- removal iwiuks the revision of the entire system of tection, but simply for a fair Md. This, Of course, isstry, it will create new French interest*, •r material weaRh toFrench cities, it will _ of French families, it will gtteand It will be by no means one ef the least strange epi- sodes of ths history of our times, in the eyes of posterity, that Ibis system, inaugurated during a furious war, auA ostensibly as a war measure, with the formal assurance that it should not continue during peaee, should have been able to prolong its existence nearly a half eeutory after peace bad returned U-shed its beneficent beams over tbe peoples. It snbslsbt entire in IMS. In £;>':•? of tar ea> ample of abolishing it which surrounding nations have vied with one another in setting oa. A coaiition of pri vate interests, which, displayed prodigious activity hi Its enterprising hostility to the public good, bad succeeded ia imposing upon all our successive governmeuta the main-• Bat its«If to articles of its own produce in any particular de tenance of that retrogade institution, with its neces-mrytrain of violent measures, unworthy of a etviUned ige, such as confiscation, and right of search, dtjraie&vj aal pernanalWe need not here enumerate the injurious effects which the*prohibitive system has on punhc wealth, the 4*^. •opemect of which it restrains: on Industry, which it often• stake in ihe uuiaten«ce of pasas I ~t!LS^ J ^.aades?felaJlyagi|»nl!« stake mtke•tcstsB quietude. It will he a safegaard », for a will gtre mac something live than hatching plots1 08victoria, aad met with an wthostastic r*^taoa. to':lngiand; IS me fraa^T'l*-*' "' ^ * a*ti**Ctida material good, and may be so far _ _•ue almost ' however, an Italian eom- to dot»j stem of epea ports; and perhaps ho nation, the United States excepted, has derived such solid benaflt from the• ligence. st week, hand ' hiUwa. The contem- on cotton,i.«ay made taewdeebsujtuatt a• now M-aatr», ^ • h o •iy made thaw MfgTe tThe prima donna » a Mile. Altai, ujr>m £lgi«» what can] .»i.»rf .JZV. *'*•** and tranquil. For thenregarded sathe clothing. It hi sheer absurdity for any nafma to confln* opening of the French ports to the oversea trad«~— - - * - young BelgianUl>. tho favorite puma of Madame Vtodot (<arci«; i^ much itractive person; aad at altogether one of the most •vfoi promising cantatricf of thsday. She has performed united im i Ko*in.i m the * ttfrber of Seville"* three times ttrmgtk. ruaniug,or•°**° amakatd? Therelerdot Garcit; that kadi •he has a splendid voice, good method, and al at- yWtr'taFrance must get rid of ber system of discrtminatiat dutosaw a tithe of ths ties. She moat abandon her system of protection? and partment of manufacture when it can obtain those articles; that i r to crow led house*, aad appears OB Friday j of man r-ouid hem,m?1* mmcue \f cantile marine to secure a place for itself amongst the branches of industry in which It can naturally excel. All commerc al narks of the work!. The commeroiaTtreaty this, too, we say on grounds of economy alone; but howttr ii.c £r.r3: time ia » Ceaerento!*.'to- then o« Zoh coniiship? How many quarrels might be avoided, how muchof our Navigation reduction of dutiesrepealplatedand cones will, so faraathat reduction goes,£so two nations are""jw** ie* hy the nationstary pwajr, and the trust, as this country has done, to the eneigy of her mer- better from some other nation, and thus apply itself to thosebetween this country and France, which is ViTtnfnenriliil ed.will fail in tU object except it tecure to British skipmuch might be added on grounds of Internatonal friend-aerioueblow tt bas just received May earth Ite hgtd npm* From this time fentb French ma--.(actwrers will knanibat for ihem, as for tverynoly else, the fuodailaw at that of rtHonsibiipy Witt.oui ocubt, (rapoieoo had been required to give Europe a the inter eats of Fraace, makes great fiscal changes which pt ik-y wdi demand on their behalf a more or,xs;«d actl ciaes interests, was abeot te inaugurate, he reforms necessary for perfect freedom. The present ts wbetber we are not committed to a couree of tntervenltoo Ibe same considerations with regard to the leaders ofntarter of P-jtolic Works wtil catiee le be made as 'worauUly hoped, a happier era than we had ;'et seen, whm England not the beg nnin;j af an improved svstem that was male in Italy, and whether we have not departed fiom aa indo&try which we have already pointed out have dictatedas possible ways of commuarttioo, eaaals, roads and rail- cmA tranrr WMUBbe united bu a fcond of mutual interest, beibre, it if a va*t> t* emtm tf it. uhich uill lead to an tx-ways, which will have Cur their especial objest ihe een- a-*d -ashen thf. jtwpte ttfbotn countries *»WW turn~th*ir tmiordttPtion stiH-mor* wtf, \ereofter.veyance of seal and manures to the spots where tLdneeds iito prvmiry, hook). (He*ar, hear ) If. the Emperor en- Itatr it wtH- vo?y much promote the welfare of theof production demand tnem> aad be will endeavor to re- deavored toearry out this enlighteno* policy eioeerely he> French, increa«ie thai r knowledge and skill and increase duce the tanSs, whilst establishing » fair rivalry bstween would blot out much ot the anxiety and distrust to which the power of France ca nnot be doubted. In that we mustattitude of impartiality—it may be for a closer sproxima tbe measure placed first of all tn tbe Impenil letter, fortion to France, but at ihe same time for a wider separa-tion from Europe- And let no man think that tbe worst setting free from duty the tao chief raw materials ofthe canals and the railways. he had given rise in this country. (.sheers.-)The encouragement to commence ttweugh the rr. *ipB- A.KOT3SK- KWM8H J*. F. ON IT i t * , FPJBS TK ADBcat ion of tby means of exciange will then com • ns- the-natural conaeqpence of ths preceding measures. The a»b AMERICAN 8LATBBT.rejoice .rather than I >e sorrowful. Our great industrial| and oommerciaPimprev ement has promoted very much the industrial and sen imercial improvement of France,andof all the coonlrk s of Europe. Wecaninreason,is patt. He wbo rues may read in the progress of events the gathering of the storm.manufactures—wool and cotton. Thus will"he grant -d a wish which tbe manufacturers had frequently expresaed, and which w»s perfectly legitimate In a social tystemsubition of pnsteetive duties for tho ;iro*abitive sv-Liem, questions were then at stake; the 'uevemonm of the The effects on us, newt •ver, will depend chiefly on our ever men in this country, on the Continent or in America less completely all raw materials which limits our commercial relatione. French Emperor were assuming m, vary formiuable ap- selvse. Our prceperivy is determined at all times far may think of tbe origin of his power, of his general sysBy ibtse maasores agnculmrs will ami a market fcr*ita pearseee. expectations of the Italians had been aroused more by oar own exerhoi a than by what is done by our tern of government, or of his extraordinary and marvel We have already remarked that it is the ideafof tht produce , industry, thing released from its internai and excited; be had been looked upon as-the emancipator neighbors. The Bmperer t >y this measure atrtt to England !cus career, every philanthropist and lover of his species amelioration of the people that i- at the bottom of me tea shackles, araatted by the government, attmahWed by com- of Italy, aad by a kind of electric inthimce the whole of and it> Europe thtverpbut hecurUy for the continuance of must with him success in the renewal of the attempt to I erial declaration. and that gives it the high value which petitiaa, will cemtend advaatageousiy with fcweign pro- the liberal party in Italy and Hungary were aroused from ptac*; and it is |our butim •fs to accept H cordially and liberate commerce and set industry free. In pursuing a tbe opinion of Europe has cordially recognized in it That ducts, and our trade, instead of languishing, will tak: %their long slumber into action, and although the campaign gracefully, and promote Ms t •ucctss, in order to secure this policy of this kind, while he greatly subserves the gene- idea is very dearly revealed in toe measure relating to was prematurely ended, there was auildent feeheg ia the oleoing for ourselvts and ot ir posterity. ral interests of Fiance, he also grandly subserves the inte- sugars and coffees Fixed at a time when these articles Hungarian nation and Scandinavian treopa of.Austria to The intentions of our owi i government have not been rests af England, of Europe and of the toorU. by lendu g were tar dearer than they are at present, tbe duties on show the* the aastriaa empire was very seriously com- avowed, bnt we notice in the Edinburgh Review an article, tbe iannifr.se weight of his influence, his ability and his them now Ceubleer treble their price, or even more,promised. It was unnecessary to recount the history of evidently )>y aa official bend, which implies that theChan- power to Inaugurates system calculated more than any such bit-proportion between the doty and value of the ar-ment ad infinitum, is most to be regretted by itsputting a stop to the movement in favor of a reformof maritime law, which, bad acquired quite respect-able dimensions and teemed to promise the hap- reaches about 160 millions. In demanding the authorisa- to the Austrian, bet it was clear that he had formed a re- on high national principles, ai s well as on mere revenue mcrr-iy te the policy of his uncle, but to the policy of public wealth as well aa that of industry, which disai-piest results. There can be no doubt that Prussia tion of the Coses Legislatiff to apply this suns to greaS solution not to coerce the States of lie-Italiaa Peninsula, considerations. There are m our tar-ill certain duties on Ibe last three Bourbon sovereigns. The First Naiio- msbes the cost of production, sugar and coltee ought towhere the people had meet unmistakably declared them- silks, Jcc, which, yield voiy 1 ttle revenue, and are iu- Icon. as well ss the last three Bourbons, laid Prance under be ccildered hence foith arti le« of prinary neces selves in favor of Piedmont, and for that formation of the tended as a protection for a vei y few of our manufactur- the meet galling commercial restrictions—a system of city. It was a policy that wished well to the northern States of Italy into a united kingdom.; aad though era against their French-compet lors; and there are cer- probioilive restrictions, chiefly the growth of modern masses that •commanded an important reduct ao af it was impossible then to accede tc that request, ulti- tain other duties-on wines-and splnts, whiob, originally tiroes, for the ancient legislation of France was rather thediii.es on them. InsidfS.tbe experience of Englandthe campalgne which took place in the Peninsula, and ho cello* of the Easbeqeer w raj •agtd in reforming the tariff, other, human measure to maintain confidence and pre ticle is an abii.-e. and altncst an act of inhumanity, whoaThe conclusion, of peace has permitted th* toml amounSof the loan not to be exhausted. Aeonsidovabie balance passed on to the more important question cf the peace of and dots not limit hit trie* v to mere fiscal considera- serve peaee. The Emperor has the greater merit in adopt- it exists n the case, ot aliments tbe use of which is recom- remains disposable, which, joined to other resources, Viilafranea. It was true Napoleon appeared te give way tionr. He is ready, we presau* >, to revise our fiscal system ing this course inasmuch as he opposes htauelf not me nded by the laws of heath Owing to the progrees ofpublic works, and in dividinaMt into three annuities, there would be about 60 millions a- year to add tethe-eonsider- sble sums already assigned annually te the budgetwould have undertaken to bring forward the reso-lutions passed by the mercantile community ofBremen, which were adhered to by the leading em-pires of (iermtny and zealously supported by thepre*. She would have bten seconded by Russia, routes, roads and harbors, but it will also eaabto us to re was impossible for the Pojpe andV the Kaiser to slderable sum to the revenue. 1 he entire existence of the frem bcgiinisg to end a system of prohibition, which suffer thereby. And so it is that popular ameitoralscas, Austria and all the smaller States represented at pair our cathedrals, our churches, and worthily to en- -coerce these States. A struggle was likely to be few silk manufacturers benedtteo —if any are, which we either excluded from Prance, or laid under heavy duties, wLen they are reasonable, tend finally to enrich insteadThai extrordinary resource will faethlate tor us not onlythe prompt completion of the railways, canal*, navigable mately their wishes must be fulfilled. (Applause.) It enacted on a principle of .' lostWit. v to France, yield a con- fneno'Y to foreign trade. The French tariff of 17M was warrants ns ia believing that the public treasury will notfortiepresent,therefore,thereislittleprospectofandcottons;gradual-reduckonoasugarsand peopleofthiscountry;manydistrusted,andnotwithout denceofourreiieyItwillnotbeconlecontingentonwhat aswellasLordsGrenvilleandGrey,werewell seemedtokeeptotbeprohibitivesystem,inspiteofthothe introduction of pore elevated and humane coffees, improvement anergeticeily carried out of the considerable grounds, the friei idshipof the Kmperor sf the routes of eommuntcaticn: reduction of charges on tho French; bat this final step wb ich he had taken was calcu-principles in maritime warfare: but although the canals- aad consequently a general dimiaation of the prices lated to promote good leelinf , between the two countries.trivilege of robbing on the high seas may be still of conveyance; loans to agriculture and industry: consid- (Cheers,) If free trade be opened between France and England they will take our i aw material ia exchange for ept up for a while, along with other other obso- erable works of pubUo utility; suppression of prohibitions; their manufactured article; and mat will conduce greatlyMother State may do, "ed while t re enlist in our favor aware <A tbe narrow aad anli"commercial spirit of inclination of the Emperor for a l.lieral tariff, of which, be- snd in snppoit of the Jdnpacor's po these absurd regulations of the French tariff: When fore all, France was to receive the principal benefit It nth*hey the suffrages of Mr. earning was minister, in 1827, aided by privilege, but also the perilous responsibility of our coua the wme grcwers and- silk masufat lures, we shall oom- Mr. Huskisson, by Lord Palmerston, and by Mr. Charles try, that her examples in the line of wail mand the respect of France. GranVfnow Lord Glenelg), he did all he could to combat doing, as well aa in that of ill doing, inspire tatlete and wMM eaten abuses, it is doomed by pnblie treaties of commerce with fore&p, l'owors.iT'fotathe London Times,, lan. 18 l the vieicus system of our neighbors, but in vain. Lords determinations of most other States. It is thus thai we to the wise policy of peace - which he hoped would prove A whole nation of sbopkeapers n tust needs have a Grey and Melbourne, as well as Lord Palmerston, strug- shall be snsweraMe to history for having too longopinion, and must eventually yield to the voice of reprobation raised against it from all parts of the civilized world.Such are the general bases sf the programme, to which I beg you to direct the attention, of your colleagues, who will have to prepare without delay the projects of lawheavy ledger, aad tf the-reader will tu rn to another co- . gied in tbe tame cause from 1830 till 1834—indeed, we kept up in the world the superannuated traditions of that lumn of our impression tine morning h e will see one of the | may say till 1841—but scarcely with more effect than their commercial isolation which has coninbute J not a little to largest Christnasa account*evor made up. 'She figures predecessors. Laborious and convincing reports were perpetuate political antagonism. The scene changes to express nothing less than too entire amount.of British i published by able, well-informed commissioners seat to day, and the curtain risen on a more smiling prospect trade—expost and import—all we boa gbt and all we sold. Franne from England, but their remarks and reasonings Our influence will tn future be on tbe side of commercialham. next dwelt upon Ur 3 blew.which LouU Napoleon, What we gulned by it ia matter of furt tier deduction, but produced no amended taritii> or commercial treaty. For intercourse, which will counterbalance, if it does not become known, they are the theme of general ri- Whereupon I pray God to have you in His holy keeping. had. dealt the Pope, one which., he trusted the Papacy there, at any rate, araeur books come -letely pesterl op for our time was reserved the crowning of the work: and as efface political betreda. If we persevere, as everythingwould never recover, bet ause a.government which pea. the year 18*8.- We did.a good stroke of business iu that it will be tbe especial glory of the French Emperor to have should lead us to believe we shad, in to is new track wuh sessed such a .baneful id fluence and exercised it war a v ear—not quite ao muah, apparently, • as io 18*?, but more curried the decree ia France, so it will be, we trust, the the vigor that belongs to us, we shall have contributedin reality, lor it waa done oa better r. rinclploa. Accord- peculiar fe icily of the present chief minister of tbe not a little te n universal revolutions for w bicb genera£14O,0C0,GuO. The commodities in whi ch we deai are mis- for three and thirty years. cellaneonn, but the two comprehensive - items of naiaeaamlThe Wuitzbnrg Conferences have turned out a destined to realise X. IkjtriU obtain, I am firmly convine pmetrful wfiutmce in beha If of than Amrmed countriescomplete abortion, ana now that the exact tenor of ed. the patriotic support of the Senate and the Corps Lo- gisiatif. both jealously deseous of fcumgnrettag with me anou ttnuxfUng for liberty. (Bear, hear.) Mr. Coning cs^the proposals submitted by them to the Diet has now era of peaca and of seeming its benefits to Franco.dicule. Of their five motions, the only bona fideone is that for giving publicity to the discussions ofthe Diet, which had long since been anticipated byPrussia. Those for equalizing the civil and criminal [From the London Post (Government organ), Jan. 18.J said was the convicboa of bis mind; and he v.-ss con- legislation of the Union, and for preventing the The universal acclamation with which the projected vinced that the Papal go ,-ernmtat and the principle It em-NAPOLEON. OPINIONS OP THE ENGLISH PRE9S-curse upon the people u nder it., (Applause ) He was making no appeal to ret giooa fanaticism, but what heing to tb.s lateat caloulatten, we b> night ^ooda te> thesuccessful. Aad as the Em peror had shown himself thus far xincera in his desire 'to reconcile the interests of the two nations, England vat oauad to make we if he:plainer than that our4 deeding^ wiihpYranceare unnaturallyWanuiat, however, be unde:-atood to reservj our i»'ig- each other, tepatAted only by a few miles of sea. Toeymsit aa tooiber parts of ibis j^apos<'d tteaiv until U :s produce respectively arlicles of pecul'.ar importance to of the late Minister 1 solicitation. The duty charged oneach other's welfare. We cannot send to ciari<et what itaeJC before >is. tommerciSw treaties are ditthull bar- France tends, -:Q; can France send what wa send. W»every 100 kilos of cotton (the hiW. Is-about 21b ) isjio less than 20f. Mr. Mason, at the time of his death, was negotiating a treaty to reduce this high duty, which, ir de- cide*},'iron, would, !t was contended, bertow a benefit on the consumer wlth.prsbab!y no lorn to the revenue, on account of Kcreai-sd consumption Jhi proposition of thetheir commissioner* hsve'already arrived at Berlin. like steadfast acd thoughVul men. who can seethe end longer any psvteiu;ve dutA* to rvliuquisU, and we have would coma to us for coal and iron they wculd save tnem-Bremen will probably seud,one likewise, so that , and have the pa it ones to wail for v. Had free Vrale heed not therefore an equivalt<•& to rive U> France of the same ielves an, infinite amount of money. CAD anybody be Emperor is to threat the cotton trade- entiniy open,khackled, ao»i we are, therefore, able unaelfisliiy aad un- as little objection a.s.any customs duties which we have. gets, and ai a cheaper price; we could ksteu by a heavyStaftYand General Votker, of the Engineers; and For, indeed, we see In that svstAn the Drooiieri'y ofas royalty must not be left out, two Princes. France. We look lorwaru a few years nevoid the few are sure that lb* BegotiaUon ia a delicate one, that It well1 The Memorial de Liil, gives its adhesion to all. ths tant kh d But we will to day only make wangle obser- measures proposed, with the exception of removing all vation:—It was in the midst of tbe wax in the Crimea, andt• tans, t yet U is u a ut«{aac to contomputo such a pingtuFrmxh parti theprv&g*$Lk%i French Mijpanj net animosity atifht be egttaguiaUid, by the coavtctum that deprives of objects Indispensable to It; on nati joa! labar, on the customs question The grand ob*** we h*v««Untitled Documentv^w ts Lberty of>a:m rce, bat. to b? attainad fraiuanr,to tbe English nation in tbe present aspect oftions will be deeply aad warmly grateful to us bathing, amount ot SV.60.000,OC3, and sold good; $ to the amount of ject in which he has been actively and earnestly engaged in fact, so much as tbe new imperial program m -, willhave contributed to prepare a new order of things ia which f3r the broody rivalry of battles shall be suban tuted the fruitful rivalry of tbe sciences, the useful am - and tbe fine arts; and this is not the least of iu titles i > Ihe general sympathy and admiration which have use?i o spontaneously expressed both in France and els?where.OPINIONS OF THE FRENCH PRESS. [From the Farts Ii. bats, Jan. 15 iUnfortunately for the French manufacturers of printed cottons, the spinners possess a defaoto monopoly of fabri- nation which tntttt raged slavezy cotuU do weU. They might and frnd.to tire upon. So we send abroa<t and bay enor lishmen know, to be sound and just. It may be wail to cation caused hy tbe tariff which-practically exclules hang that nolle fit Urn John Jtrouvu, but ttej couK uot pre- mous quantities of cotton, flax, hemp, wool, aides and cnuttcn p»r.ojine persons against expecting too much in twist fit for the manufacture of cal.oo. So thai, provided ucttt the results uf his martirrdom. ( A p p l a v ^ ) He was s-ilk; aa,i almost equal quantities of corn, 'cur, tea, sugar . tbe snapc of .nmediate results, but we sincerely with the there be an active demand in France for twist, the cotton mistaken, and tfid not sot to wcrtf in the right way, but coffee, cocoa, tobacco, spirits and wines. To these in 186S Fmiieror all success >n an enterprise »which England and spinners are absolute masters of-the price, ani sen at be was sincere and honest in what he did , and, if there we added nearly 300.1X0 live cattle, principally sheep. It trance have a common and almost an equal iutereel, what rate they please. Io that way they make brilliant were a few sack men there woc.U soon be freedom in the is plain, therefore, that we live by the work of our hands. [Vruru the Manchester teuardian, Jan. 16 ] profits, but they effectually prevent tbe prod ictioc of European Continent, rjad ovtu. an the «f .her aide of the We can supply any people with coal or calicoes, raw kroii Tkere is rne wiggestiou in the Fnperor's letter which printed staffs, tor exportation. Al>present this imporUet hitherto trusted. The announcement of this pulley has- Atlantic. Mr. Conhigham oga^ttthunk'^d the r^eetiag for or wrought Iron, 60 cheaply that they could never find a may be far n>ore significant than all the other reotaraeu branch of manufacture cannot be worked as if\)ugut. as itchanges in the commaicial policy of France have been re- bodied were incompattb ie with liberty, and Europe wouldceived in this country ought to be regarded by the French have to choose betwee a liberty and Papacy, for if the roamfactarts will account tor almost ail. W»> producerights of federal citizenship to the inhabitants of alathe thirty odd sovereign States composing it, ammerely bffeied in-the shape of cm rJesuteric*-,which, to judge from the way in which the Diet i iaccustomed to transact business, are not likely tobe realized in the course of the present century. experience in view, we deliberately declare that this new nations. (Applause. ) The bcooraole member proceeded in particular, but also wool, leather and metaia. The la tended to ser^e as a preface. We gather from ivtbatThe pretended reform of the military system ]£• Jpolicy ot tho Kmperor ot the French wilt be the making of to show why Franco and England aould not q aarral, and ber of our hands wins them into calicoes, hardware, ma- nothing but an attempt to place the whole army of the amin- m i l grtatnets of Framce. the people ol that coun- alter nrgmg uponth e consUUieucisaof Englam i to cell for chinery, saddlery and such like productions, for all whichCro\2U to witneoe the arrangement and execution of s-oro-markable document, we attach a value to it much beyond that of the specific legislative changes to which it is rntbe prohibitions in tbe customs, and commercial '.realmsNtxt to the description of our business, the most im with foreign,r owe»3." <>r course. \i prohibitions arc to be calicoes of perfidious Albiontbe r»w raatorUl and InaUrurnenta o» wbi%fl it rai*jj iuccertain that this engages* '•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 