 ho had asanassC imtatlawa la after Wife* of tbe ssetety, and aakad rmnntostoa to raadh» dM,ss rolls wn:-Anartftoi » heaoaweoarosetadattemptedtofulinatructions,whichwarnlMteaedtobytba Iebargv-towithrotltagbacktheti-teafChrtotmeetvitza- reto**,toeMaraiBMeftoe ZL"Za?t*o.. childrenwtttagreatattention. ttaamthaSoothtwohandredyearsanddrytagap,i,e s-tusopaowhichitataads Yet..'!_(eantaton of baaevotoaca aad good win to _eo, o.- ,-)•» ton .te.pk- i.wto; for troth M _ U ? . * U After tbe axerctesf were oon'toued for eoma little Mate, Beada-teb Istaad*rs, who tfty years age ware woraUip- * * * ! * tola that the stoves s ~ - ' . t t y M 1 *tor.»rede-v,laMnT.an.reBomtaeedeen-moftoe «*%, suites wtorh grow «•« «f *e mtoteo* *f *Ur*![ _!?fsygyraTWTORK<XTTAMDBr.tract ;toototy,natoaora shaaas. 1 oaatga a waa taatotom-.tut;WatcoTT.efChicagoherecameforwardand AVgaaa—Isecondthemotion.(TbeeaioeBtof Itoaaeeeoa band 'farron fteatot, t ^ M l a t o t o MThe Rev. Dr. Tried eame for ward aad Ma^aswafl tbe , relating to them swvaral anecdotes, an i semeaeatofrocn arm stoWs • fall fa—*; tad, _wj_._i fmetheaaeaitogeaeaiKfto^reat^na.******* -to**aes*t«,at «a <—t eaeeoJ meetle* deetar** aaa*. •n b*» a* * aet la retoQja 10 the ato of tea -.f«c«a sieve Jrto eVYi*greet»t-e*em»«f nrtiai mmtoK,*r_«es<s-•*»i«awattebsetetoareaa•»««•»*aaajato Bailingfrs»»*•ether; ueirg btm forvet *aoe aad faaj lutorsau oftnecoat,oatsheostoreftot is enslaved; rot how much beat tba cext bastoaaa meeting r,The rausMMaawMe, aot «^erae* 2- ««»•t»et•aabeetonenitartoeneadJ.p.oib.i**«- aVoroa-Tbralet'shavetbeV*** ___ftospsns). yesterdayafternoon.Tba Inclemency of**W &•*. Sams. Ottod veer e*to*» b« >«^*«>^<J r o a aBoasM»-Mr. Chairman, 1 move that this lag <• aaw adjourn.1>*am»ar.-rra«klto Jolutooa.to heathenish darkness and thea mratog rdood to as tatjo isaes aad carting toe Cetbouoe far coi. g tne i t a i in <>*£av nattng direct * , M ,Its atieagtbj «i know 11'fay ltoj*-*x—Tbe their wontd Mate that to hto Bcrd of ftowtoora held the regular aaaual saeetto # for theThe object of tbe iastitotion to to rescuing outcast and men away trem tbe churcn by tbo—oods. I ehorge it Wne. "rntort"ttea«k fcaf f.-V *~<*mv ottered cannot heoftheannaalreportaftoe Themoueeto aoeapttoe report ahichi tba eary-aae to order, aad mutt take toe preee- After feel, b* » lathe a t t of the body, toe -Mo- ray ha «**n ap aad ' * - ^ _ f ^ J i , ^ * * -etecttoBeftheBrecotoreCommtttoe. The torge ttsjortty of tbe vetaa were caat by proxy. Durtag the taliotttog, and tor aaeaattaaa eTter the adjourament, Vj& membera gathered tor greope, both to aod outoideof the church, ooD-veretoffW regard to tbe potlUrm of ir^b society upoo theatoveryqoeaoon. Theaodde*a*fJon-,-ameatwasgaoe- ra«y regarded aa part of "m pre arrange programma, ai- toeogh thiawaa oeetrad hy member^of thaBaari Ittendeat, Mr. Rayner. Nuaaoerof puptis, 400.The CtuiBMAjt—an adtoarMmeat la a dtoawaom,^m-REV. )i%W. Mf,3'*d BAAXOO, RMV. K. H. enjAfld, 40,ingtr^utatMversalMtoburches located It this city and cbiidren. The Juvenile speeches were ooatmtied for aa e r BOw,tksres»lui»awtoB^coaaeaptoraeMea regamrtyvv.agbe weather preveuted so torge aa attendance an waawith making a juMlee to bell and m-mrntojr, in baavea. bygelling op revtvato of stovehoidicg rtiigwa—a rehgloa thataebaasowaconvertsformoney—arebgtoaefwhipsand numb screws, ef manacles and bmnotog Irons, l chargeMwithbreakto*apoarwholesystemotmoraa,«b*itt-erecogBiaejsoamaa withsednetoghundredsofear anieatmea ia usecba>*eht aadar toe preaent ctrcumstanora it « proper, and 1 was then sung.1 N tocntnbent upon too to slate tint, to a otrcuiar Tbe annual address was delivered by the Rev. Dr.same ot ha members, as has beeo done in my1, sugmeUxug and uniting a personal reeling l them tor presuming to take part to lu business 4e- •Joaa, wttbout consulting the managers, or consentingot easy ascent and descent If the clergy are exalted, so an to be beyond sympathy with the people, it is lite the staff ot an army upon the glaciers, with no consciously formed purpose to] isolate the minister from the peo/te,nothing In the sound and argumentative remarks of the able gentleman no w addressing too meeting tbat oaito for such unseemly proceed logs if any of you are uncom- fortable here you know the way to tbe door, and mightfreedom- In thM great movement K was ntceasary tbst a Northera bead snd tbe Northern heart should be edata ea arigfat This ptotform waa tbe msanfafttory ef Neto era senttotent on the slavery question Mr. (is—sacarry out their programme. I ask you whetber this the church may do it In every denomination there extonHlabuohdtorabuko. Inevertotak'or out humiiiatton, and I beiieva there are which more detrset from ear power than4;intotionarysocieties,2;jsocietyinactive.1of sittings in churches and places of worship" 7,410; avenge auendsnee, 4,10a; number of church ormvsion,orreverencetoGod. TheadvantagesofChrtokan In trtetofColumbia,ortheremovaleffeeCapnaltofragi » m a T e x a - I weoJd ask • ^J » * **i2u*iee* 'a»y waa celebrated ta tbe Broadway cnurch (Rev.abort time.Bev Mr.BacKm,ofLongIsland,theaspoketotbechil-dren in a similar strain lo too others, aad after more tinging the exercises etoaad.6 Sixty liist Mi»«ionary Sunday school. Mr. Olney, *^T* --^. ^. — v.. - m take car*, at the earns waa generai* conceded that the sod* *y ooatd aot dtcttto i npeniiienxt ut Nuaber of scholars, 40.managers.HE AMERICAV INri-SLAVERY SflCIErT.to•* ft aanT%a**sroje afjaaa, toat whatever lae. First Uulversaifet Sunday school, Brooklyn, Chorch < f the Reetorath'B.Rev Ben r y Blanchard, pastor. C.I).asaaeaniB.be wru tak« oara, atto accordance withto its Exeewttvc Board, and that tbe society should u s eaction upoa the Ceohetrsde an.1' tba evils of ab >l t>inis;ntn fore aimmpt-Dg taw«»per with the tosutution of amerl- NtsB.ni n]*Miutidi'Bt Number of pupils, 80.^ e O ^ ^ r e t e n d ^ l - J — - J TM ?«r«t i* sitter after the transaction of toe regular busi- can slavrry Much regret was expressed that the aatt 7 £*<oBd I'D vcrtailst Sunday school, Brooklyn, G. D ,Charleso'Coacr aaoBetUa,i«ftV,-C^ _ ? «__ys»averr»raJara. who have been to training for this r>ic* corier of Stuib fhiroand Fourth streets. R v. B. Peters, iCBxra—I', will tor the present, I withdraw the gtoa fortbe tost year, eboaM be prereated Iron relwvtag pastor; Mr. * i*her, superintendent, Number of scholars,Trie Repwblsetom fm.rty toefewded avnd Oe- eaireettos tt ato despised; in tbe name ef the whole Pro- atoaadpo-itotbeoiogioalcrews i ^ * ^ ' * * *testant church ef France, Switasrload aad Qelgtom. whoa* proceeded U.shov that we s-isuis-d l a W . - * * s r * ? * ' *12 wl|w; da <aal 'W1! JaalIa aI « 1 aWtium— Tten,ADornoat oa TUB tarn: a. BXFOBT * M frit'ret the McaetH» of so much pernicious aad ta12a.5. Third Uotvrrsslist society (Greenpetnl). No pastor.n v u i o t d - U i n u n t o a Spaaest b y Mr. G a r - faitofnl letters af warning it has not perm tte i tbe peoola queaoe of thaeaiUe for po'l-teal onZTZS!? m u t - H t i s t ATra. KJiaabwtto Jea»», tttv. to read—to abort, to tbe naasa of nil Cbrietoadom outs, istheaisrtvee hy speech makiag, and much aaprebonstnaItoe Dr. Brown, of Jersey City .then offered «he foOow- fiamnatery martrr should prove fatal to some of toe lead- 9 fourth Uaiversaitflt Suoday school (Broolcryn). Notbe limits of tbe United Statea.aad to theaame of all 1>1'» welfare of 7M*.to retato Soothers tra-ie a e 7 _ _ T Oetorsja F . May; Mane M a r y G r o w , t*»di faiihful witnesses for tbe troth aa 1 rtgbtenisnem of tbe Uon. A torge class were todtferau to tba m_2r 'toa rewiinttan — ing dtoaoaiera.> _ I , ( J rwt these* tral report aa ahatraet ef arhtto haa The Secretory anoorjBOad that the former EronttveNonober of icboiarr, 30 (Not present).pastor a* yet; superintendent, James E. Kay wood. Num-ber of Kttol»r*, Mbif). acr«n<« Uoiversalist churjh, Newark, N. J. Rev.t o » » y , A c . , A c .FIRST DAT—KVBNINO 8B8BION.Gospel tosiffe the limits of tbe same, I pr oooonoe the sys- tem of American slavery to be a curse and aa outrage, from wtaicb tbe church of tie living God soouid delivertog tbe AfrKans were all ta Guiaraor tof^mrsili!! pei haps Tbey weie tired of the negro « _ 3 _ T 5 would Hke to bsve tbe kiegooaa o» i4r>a «_7u, *: bat tnry caa't lake the trouble logo to tt ! _ ; _ , ?• J r T i i * a i d JT2»Sr«r aaeaab toato aaArtoa i w ^ a Cevmlttea had received S87 votes; Dr 8»-oo, t; Dr Hawa,if^kkaiettTeiomwmea acd that u* soetovy uarto to at- 3;^be Rev Henry Ward Beecher, 1—(laagbtor)-and C. W. Blodte, ia» or; superintendent, C Ourner. Nam-The friends and members of tbe Aatt Slavery SocietyKBWYORK HERALD,C W. B stole, (atottonl); GatMfe MXmr«,$m eiwbtoBgoeetoDr.Sawyer ^ toaarrtoen to wb- tototogstatiattos,*cAejourned unu. andnv, at ^ ^aia» A. «->»»*- k ere will be a dtscaaaioa op<• M ^ reBOlaiioa offered by«x 1 er.rj toswuttos, €ve-vMr %ivTimos--aBMtoOTtos^jowalaa;#ayetoorder, tbe Rev.tor.Orotoar- aac I mair t upoa tie betog put.tat Haw. Mr. Laacar, of Wdtototowa, Conn., adai-aaaed Cg tools, now pay into tbe treeattry of tbe km*r -*n a am the morse f o V J X L E7 ^ ^TbeCVinui**—Tbst• tree,aadnodebateoaabeal- f Itfteea. aawetoa • r»wd*»fca *•>»•*« toa * * e lowed while « to peadiag.•ad aato tbat howaa sure they mostfeel fully rewarded for their labor in brtogtog these litue ones from tbe bnuato ef vice and ato ta tbe understanding of too trutn ef Corwt.- f sow enaias < o aot beto it •«>>-»» gratify the VBBIbe!• oi NVnbetn oirises iA VcaoB—WiU toe Chair explato what win be the offset eiMaehmramawtoetbahmtoktakof ttoim-ieuoxT•obtoage and universal proeututton hy tony tog to tbemthe evil righto of marriage—thus proclaiming aaoo«rgrand he, that bomoa ben »s. to tbe mtoto of suah i/anraaee snd poliiition,eaa he At atembers of tbeobtirob oa t«ews. (Laughterearth aad hopeful eaadioatea for heavaa I charge a brrgtrg m sahearviaeoa«V)IMtk>.»a«r>1 evts aed vino wtesh ato aa «awafa-a - ^ ^ ~ w > i » do <M) wHto 'tis erovteae of tats ewetv,u i m i U i ^ i M ' t radtomnaed to iU paS-Wtoae. and tola courre {Laugnter ) There is BO farther buemeaa ae- The > u / t o »ci.iver*ary or tho Sabbath aoMwals belong Be then adortased a few words of eocouraraawat to tbahopedandsnocipated, -bat, nevertheless, MM)exercises TbeKutadOBtheehel-fj***-'" decided"•)atheaf- wareexceedinglyInterestingandinstruclve.anilAXlTfiAI. atoMTINO OF TBI MkED OF »»WJT0r A taawdatosfe sftor tbe adJooraBaeat of the society f utathe wcwi nis of U e system aprivatenature,and the reportsof the treasurer * tomokewrittendefences of Its claims-toas wreektog -ntoa^_!!_**to•• toamscre-sapplause, atoma aad oaaieatoa, ttTbe followmg la n hat of tbe Uaiversa!tot Saastoytefcoolg betongttf to Una oMtrtot repregented and uurepre aniad-vgt.NDiT BCBooin Batavoiso TO THB HXW TOMX ABSOCIITIOK. 1. Dr. i-awt er'e Hecoad Oaiveraahat lociuy. Superin-ether officsra of tbe iaatttudoa were not mate ptih'ic aad Mill not be • mil next Sunday evening, when tbe aaaaai meettog of the society will be held at Dr Thompson's Coa grtgauunalMt cntucn, comer af Thirty-fifth street and BioadwayAtheir reputation with tba future, and preparing toe faces of tbaa* posterity to be reoeened with shame at the apos- toey of then- fathers. Icbaigeit with staabtoc Itosoaaaa^Mmwltof aoeoTdtogry adjooraed.1 ^ v w * *Bs~snw,wai I B B _lli_ratoto h s i s i ar m cans are fun or -.-TL'rTT" 'dl te !Therewasameettogheldtothemoratog,but Itwasoforphan children, and ta aiding aay homeless, frtoadiess, % Btoacker street, Rev Moats Ballou's cnurch. Quin- virtuous young women who may apply- The chii-ma,wMb openiag tbe floodgates of the most dSagerois form fresB totothto Bsn^rsofroto e i r ^ ' * " • tot,of mfiietity the world ban ever aeea—waa unsettling the nation J GSetMYtoVrl'to uod frr'tae Pt.tn». htw^aif •»'ea haa at- amtteriag, 0. (Renewed merriment) The E-tocative her of scholars, 72 (Not preaent, but rapnaentod by Monday evening, tbe attendance bein* greatly dimtotobed politicians, nates men, ministers of tbe Gospel and adttora they took only thai which tbe airr>at orony-^Tl' '4 S S i a a. tabia to thia eooatr, acd to foratoa toada durto« aalaw raverae*: caatieaiaa thai made a hrtoT addrara, awhrrtox to the bltwetoge- whwo had attovd>4 the effir« ajf toe aaawty (Jortof ta# paet year, aad Aw brigattumre Vbiah .TtdawUT w«a opeatof before tt. • ^ ^W«. • Doww, to.q , to ae«*d»iif tba BMOOD, eaMBetoil it was a errat prtTtlege be »»>>yed to heiof prHwnt attoto Bie» Bri of toe Traol ttortot? Bto coanectioa withthe railroad interest" of toe eooutry due tod him to noCommittee was doctored reelected, and the Board ad- Jcurned.ANNIVEB8ABT OP THE AMERICAN CONGRE GATIONAL UNION.AMTC7AL ADDRESS BY THB U V . DR. PHELPS.The anniversary exercises of the American Coogrege tier si Ubton tcok place on Tuesday evening, in the Broad-ettoera.)Amorg these unrepresented were the Uarveraaant S<inday schools of Po s.fek«epiie,OraogeviUe, Mewourg.Hud eon, Huntington, Soutnoid, North Salt m, Moaut Veruoo, Act'eme ef tbe schooto presented new bannera, among them tbe Bleeder tlrce-t tchool, which bed a floe sua banser, representing two childrea, a boy and girl, be- sn e an o|»n volume bearing appropr ate inscriptions; above all, upon tbe ptnuaote of a pyramid of faith, thefrom the morntag session, with a larger number of colored persons.af religious papers, who insanely uphold toe accursed sys- tem, my only prayer for them to tbe prayer of too dying Saviour—"Father forgive tbem, for they icuo» aot what they d o . " And whatever policy other men may purs-ie to regard to this great evil, believing, as I do, to the gtoTbey hoped tba church waa a,ai -.,« aiavor* katilir to toe Ir pastor Tney would my, ••Tnui «i»to,lV but uey did act care whether it was toe Lors af fa_ Dr Lord r>f Dartnouth Giiiege (LaL-ghter ) Ths»_i upon Ibe doctrine of t i e unity of the race UBTHZ tbe myirnlogy of tbe ancients B was be-tooae aft»7 va>noe of toto class that the despotso t i e Old WarST-1 rej i«ce to the prejucei lailure-of de HOCaoy in u* J She wooid ant address tbe slaves af toe Ssutkto »taves of tba North. She woato aot ask tbaaj aTaarra the procreaa we have made to toat raepeot- Wawere ft tr yeara ahead af tba age At the same tim« the nay Tabernacle, corner or Thirty-fourth street, R*v Dr. k-gend, • Rod to l.< vc. ' beneath, '-Umveiwaltot Siadeywould be the first speaker of the evening.The Rev. AHTU-K a BRADK-IRD was then totrodooed by Mr —nun Gam- waa tha neat speaker. Be began hto tbe platform of thto society, toto woato aot atoaZThompson, paster of the church, presiding. Tbe eie ctoea haea sitght toeeed. la act tie ehureh was behlnobaod. were totrococed hy tbe singing of an anthem by the ohoir,Scbuol, Biaecker Street church " The teachers and sthotors of this school preeenbd a fine appaaraacs. T.ieyeaeitei eadtog toeroaaa to a reagtoaa point of ri«w hadMr. Garrison. Be said that tms wss a very young nation in years, but a very old one in guilt It was even new reeling aad tottering like a oruakea man under tbetbe aoaience who pieced f a H Seward to tba Otgbes. aucttuo block tbe viottme of slavery ooesigaed is toTba rabraad ay stem be 1 developed naeif aitato fir* and after which an impressive aad appropriate prayer was of- attended in lull numbeia, and .they all, both teacherShe wool l cot ask them to be humane The) mZharaaty year*; hot Chrautaatty haa cot fo'»o»nd o n tbe aad pupils, seemed alive to tbe importanceft-red by the Rev. Dr. LnM.tr, of Greenwtto, Conn. Tae of continuing in tbe good work of univer- weight of its guilt. Compared to England and Prenoe•peamg haea toroagb armoat uaoeeapted r<*gtona to that Secretory then read a brief report of the doings of the sal emancipation from sin, and future salvationfcrget nim if toy wnbeo, but to thentoat whtob tea appeatoaiiiea eoabtod It 10 do. raotnt-ee toad heeoma greater tbaa ever, aad yet tbe* were 00a- aaaatrrery aeg acted. If colporterec* «ra* valuable tw-nty •aare age. tt waa for tola naeon twenty Uavw more eala-this country was toe most advanced in guilt and crime,notwithstanding i*s supernr advantages for civt toattoa.Many wtoe aad patriotic men really fear that our peoplewill throw off all restraint and go down to atheism Thto fugitive might be a Frederick Do jgaas or any other ooatroltod tha patptt, the fowaranseat, toe toan?past year, and of tbe present condition of the Union. Since tha Corresponding Secretary had given hto whole time to the service of the Union, which was two years and one month, there had been under its care Ofty-four churches,Anoig ibe usellers moat prominent io tbe Bteetoer street school, sno ciisiirgutebed for their services in the vineyard, are Mrs Rev. Bailnu, Misses Gordon, Weib, Walker, King, Gage, L o t VaaBurea, farbush, Williams,' Lafsrge; also, Messrs R F Smith, Jam-s Brand, Georgew uk wars tbem cot to be beguitod mtofarg--^ | theirOWBrights. L t s o deoauwi dreaatM»» The eperMtoaa of tbe somety were m >rethan ever eepectoity wbeo they ooold be p. r- eight only hnvtog been previously received. Of those A Harriott, Lewis Futti, A. T. Stevens, ko.man—still he to a huntad man, nytrg from tbe tend of saciiftead to ns frtvate reeeawneat toe property M to religion, and barbartom to manners. Since tbe con siavea Does Senator Seward decide that ne will have of these wbo opposed if* totalosto. from Eiijat» •. quest of California there hive been 1,400 murders commit- or mpassion upoo btm and give turn aid lead abetter f Jov down to Rev Ttontel Worm, wbo seemed to tea ted to that State, and only two convictions. Oa a stogie Will be meet him like a maa as be to, although a score of aommon reveraado- <a,>piause.) -tot p,a fugitive, and help bim to deliver —mieif red to the toat aot of KasjMtoty, driving as owa day to Juoe,16o7, to tbe twoSUtes of.Illinois and Mtosourl, from tbe terrible bondage from wntoh be has from their native Btoto_aad tbaa to thethere were twenty-seven men banged for m irder Tbe escapee? No He takes a di.-ect'y ooirery ground federal government, waalever Ms course d prisons, county and Stole, are fall of criminate, Instead of saying tbat hto humanity aad bis oaosotonoe Ioic's tt bad ever been true to the srstom afand the courts of Justice are constantly to session, aad dictate- that he should r.scue such a maa.be tells as From the ordinance of 1787 aowa, tte hate j»tut haU di R.fles and revolvers are getting to be neces- property, and to seize torn with a strong hand and send alavement Kaness aad her ouirages attghi m hnat aa eipaaee so ttgbt. Let otoera do aa they sixty two one had been dropped at Ito own request. Prs- .. he hoped thai eocMrty would not bo torned awayThe other schools were represented by teachers of equal merit—espectolly tbat of Bev. Mr toaachard, of Ike ewei'iee waatoeo taken on the adoption of the reao- completed. During tbe pent year the Treasurer paid bill* Brooklyn, wbich. came In after the exerotoea bad c»m-the object for wbteh it waa formed vksus to May 1,1868, there were seven bouses of worshiptoatoa, aad Mwas naaatmoosiy agree-* to aaacai aucrion or omraas.The Cfun anaooaced toat the srit oasloem to order ajHtheel-<toaofcAonre'ortbe•osmagyear.Mr. Bourn* submitted tbe touowiag resolution, which waa aaaiitasooaly anopted :—on twenty-four sanctuaries, anl there tore twenty-one metced, b-anng wi<b them an elegant bsneer witb tbennrier appropriation and ia process of completion. This inscription: -Have we not all one Father r—oath not one Ood created usf" another from Brooklyn—tbe fourth—yeartbeUnionbeganwiththeappropriatedbalmcein cameinattbesametime,withaBOWandbeautifulban-plainly, distinctly, and cold akxx'edly, that the co—itq-ner, representing an angel tenderly caresstog two pretty children: and. as aa explaaauun of lu position, ware tbe worts "For of such is the kingdom of heavaa"At about hod past two o'clock, after a voluntary upon toirsrrfeaara.1reetoeat of nrown Uto*eraky Prorktoua. R paid to the twenty- four churches whose sauciuartes are tbe orpan tbe R*v Mr. BLAIVCHARD, P esid*>nt of me aVba I'arif a TMe-Prastoetkt to il*<* uf Rer. Dr. War £unda} tfebool I ' m * , announced that the exercises would toad, who deeltoea a ra-etoattoa, and that the Una. Ktoer completed. There Is in the treasury an appropriated bal- comniecce by i ng tug the opening bymn, written for theevery Friday in the month the drop of tae gallows fails99,873 13. Tbe available resources of this year therefore ffjoar batkasaasa •a toe tost -mr, eieeot tkat toe rtev. Or, have been $14,785 41. Of this amount $6,400 has beenhaatiimd That tos '-altera of the society *» the eatatofBkavle- ef rarttond. B»U e hoa Ira ttorria of »lb»nj, »od iaa. iatber it.adtek Daalel t^rd Kao and Mr A.Jt.Wet- mere, ef Mew lorfc. be atou ebwwd Vie* Prastdaato.AH Atmm^vwmn araaxs.kctog so other basiaeaa before the assaying,and no man knows when he lays down at night trial he bat BB man could be no simple as not to see through the same. Neither under State nor feferal |tiisis—itoe treasury of $4,9 3 28; from the 1st of May, 1859, tothe 1st of May, I860, there was paid into tbe treasuryance of $6,t"<6 36. Tbat amount, aad f i ,•>'« 60 bestdea, w plecged tor the twenty one housea of worship now in pro- cess of butlciog. Tba trustees wished to gratefully re member in their report the donations reoeivel rxn Indioccasion hy Miss Usrrtet Uoyd:— Fatber, vithin this temple fair.Our cheerful voice we would ratos\ From varied scenes tby childrenTo join fn grateful songs of praise.Another year, since last we met,Is numbered with the sacred past;will see tbe dawn of another day without a name for his transparency of such an argument Mr. Seward • notlife with an assassin. Forging sn counte* fatting have satisfied witb th" somewhat technical term unier which toe North any protection from lbs an* become trades so common tbat a beavy and successful one part ef the republic to djstwguwhed from other s-f ns of the Sooth. Thaddeus Hyatt prevst operator in these lines can brave tbe odium of bis off-moo parts where tbe monument of slavery does not pain tbe the South hoo BO power over ato,eye. There are eighteen States set over agalnsi fifteen he must lie In Jail until be shall have been pumtoei by the admiration of h a nolo usee and iogeuntty. What States. The fifteen States IB wbich slavery exist* are ei ough or shall purge hiaaaetf of contempt; and atohot a motive Ike thto could have induced the triple mur- called capital States. and tbe others labor *4tat»k B •t ween not see now any sensible man omiid purge himssa'a! derer H'fks to give Maroum a ca»t of his head to be these two departments, ac ording to Mr Seward, tempt of tbe Anssrtoan Cbograsa (Appto—e) exhibited to hto public musuem in New York t who to a ph'loeopber aad meuphyreian, there is the government w a formed slavery area weak, taiWowwrr sabsBtttrd toe reaoratmoB »boTe totroaaced,adToeated tketr aatoaakm. tot said—I aeknowla<lge viouam One bad contributed five hundred dollars, ano-11 have three raaaoaa for oftanag these reaoUtiona, 1 aa » to to order lor DMto suae tnem, aad aa I 00 aitto task the society with aay protracted remarrs, 1ther three honored, several two hundred and arty andtwo hundred, and others smaller amounto The trusteesAM msny bopes with It have fled— sweet vttlons—all too bright to last.*...THUF^SDAT,stars and Raw. and were receivad by tbe audience with evident sattofac- ; rereceapttanad example, the great Ito thatH A T 1 0 , M8O.-TRIH1Btbe audience for » tow mutates, eoa^iuwottogTICIMTT VF.iVMMB'Ai,l8r gaeSATH MCHOaW—aJ) tbe ladles of the institution for the training of tbe children, Boas ef our QVOKOS snd church mcnibera to lire m en eeveied »p w » W«wectetoMVrOl'BTHkirmva'aaART 09PBatofflMI aW MSV. g. «. MRO0C8. BMT.0. W. BIDOLI,ra^!». .TM?"._?'• ^ ^ ^ a ^- 3 SaasS talMoadem.superinteodeBt.Numberofbuplia,260. alterpreparatorytrainmgintheBoms,areptejeduuier moraleonvtctionaafmen,aaderhrtogtodestraotioo, werese^attoai'mtoaUiaaaaasfgenyaaroMuiMT,^_i?^***.W i 43 Broadway Uurveraaltot Sunday school, Rev. Mr. tbe care of Christian fansiltos. Suuetious are procured despatr and atheism thoonands snd thooaanns of oar coiu- But asaong toose we n ^ t o e e f c v a . ^ , ^ ^fhapma. Mr. Ewhborn, aupertoiendeito Number ef for tbe womenTbe society has also Industrial schools for " street chil- dren,"andaffo-sshelptowidowsandotherworthypmrtryssen. I charge ii witb mtoreprcasattog [Obrtottonttr to tiva-ed totelteeti.ao|UsiiS,3tO. 4.TweatietbttrretSoBdayaohool.the american people—with ranatog ap false bftoto, like piratesupoaadangerouscoast;andwhenibeaptaiuasaatt the hopes of mea aa» dashed an tbe rock* of Skepttoteoa,toKcasutb. but ^ * £ £ t £ Z * « * < * sl*v»o Wethinktoatth.lisVa!_lJT*^-ton obigatioa le toner ia then- hebaif"*E.6 Brooks,pa- lor Mr. Pr-iior, roperhteadont. Number ef pupils, lot).whose wants became known through the visitors and the aitb smeiing at their mkforiuaes aad making eapttai out— — _•l^Z ~ T "tosm as uudsr farB "a have_____oftheirwin lotbenameoftheIrahPrsabytertona.whisefraternal rebnkea it haa treated with contempt; In thaname af the Scotch Presbyterians, wa*«a brotherly rem o c s t i s i o n tongs mbeeded; to the aamajar th- Coogre-gatiocal Unt.m of E,gland and Wales, wndse afladtiMate jtrat enough may betove it to prose tbat Mtofaa__!w»ted it understood that toe pant year watreaiiy theirflrtt year ol work. Tbe society la new in corres wodence There are four remaining verses, which were well Christianity to not a myth Its doctrines are always an irrepreaeible cocfii-jt. No*. I wooid thought tt would soon die out from the ooaatry.>I amy he heard without interruption. My Dretoa far offtrag them 10 to vindicate toe freeJoni orito aad the nghta of the hanoieat member 0' una with tweLty-two churches who will probably all want Prayer waa then offered by tbe Rev. E Q BROOKS.by seaarttof aay owa personal privilege to a fair help. Their principal dependence waa upon pastors. AIWRBPS HY i*s BKV o. w. BIDDIM.Ixquire whether capital and labor were ready; to an irre- freedom was weak, and hid itself aaray, beana not a set of metaphysical abstractions like the dogmas of pressible conflict, or whether they were to any way aa knows where The fathers of the ttevutoboa the schoolmen. Tbe Church, therefore, must never cs tsgonuUk-7 I bad always thought tbatcapttil was the against atovery; bat tbe aystem denounced Mshall snoceed to fngbteniog us froa i*is a denominational policy. The toaidiousnean of thia.emest be submitted tor No, not for aa hour. And hear much of a peculiar mission; oaa church says our ' there ware aoother reason man ihto for offering any mtotioB to this, another that, and a third midway. Where aaaalujoa, Mwould be decisive in my mind anJ impose is the Scripture warrant for thto? Let any denomination n ate as a duty. My aecead reaaoa for proposing at opt the idea of an exclusive mission, and ito efiiact is toWhat could we need beside? plunder and fraud..Four millions of the American people, soning of tha gentleman addressing tbe meettog. bow tt baa grown. He charged Mr tiarnean aim -rju BK.HAKKS OP THB KKV. M08B3 BXIXOC. represented in tbe hails of Congress, are lis victims The Mr. Gnat* then resumed, and argued that tbe Boathem tooken tbe Chariest m Convent on aad toe great aam-The Rev. Moans BALIOC, of New York, commenced by robbers who infest tbe seas aad plunder ships upon the 8tates bad BOright to be termed capital Slatea. Be thea. crai c parly. (Applause aad laughter ) Be cha-ged tn saying to his dear young friends that the moat be had to ocean, coon, iou.s tbat their vocation to well named piracy, went on to pass high eulogies on John Brown, of whom and bto compeers wttn nil this irrepresMDto csaid toasung.1toMaregulardeiiberatias.Ihavenodis-ThehysonoommenciBg TbeRevC-wBiiuia,ofNewark,NJ.,waaintropituiaietohergreatenemy,thedevil.whototheauthornaturalrewardoflabor,andtoattbetwoformedsepa-theawasnowsancti.nedeventotbepulpitaadUM 1torefertoanyaaktoaspirittotheproo-mdiog* dnceabyMr.B'ancbard,andthereverendgentlemanofallevil.War,ineeesantwar,wartotheknifeandtheratepartsofcnecoma,onentity.WhataretheelemeatelativebollVirginia,oncetbemotherofproceeded t > deliver an e>oquent address. Be referred knife to the hilt, to her etoar policy as well aa duty. of tbe composition ef these capital States? In the firm exulta in tbe number of cbattoto she ratosa tor toi to the occasion as one calculated to quickaa lbs sensi- Schwarta, the missionary, in organizing.Christian cburchea puce yea have lour millions o" people wbo cannot, unier feet The puWis oocscienoe seemvd to bedeal.aat bilities of pareuts in regard to the character and hap ?! among toe heathen, from tne purest motivea in tbe world, any circumstances, acquire capital. They amy earn it, very had become daily more exacting We starts* nets and religious instruction of toe iambs of the flock. foolishly bargained with tbe devil to allow caste, which but tt is stolen from tbem. fben there ore the to-ge nation wah prtactotos of freedom, aad BOWwere attstost year, saora ttou> is implied in the word " vindl- To Bus who loved tbe souls of men •a." I regret the aeccMity of any personal allusion, And washed us in bis blood,wbteh haa been s>*nt abroad, atoce ton Tutors. Professor to the Theological Seminary at Ando Tbe position of tha Universalist organisation depends, he waa clearly aa anti Christian institution Tbe result was nunbers of people known as poor white trash, regarded maelstrom thraatentog speedy destructtoa. W« w I aaaaai meettog, by the Rev Dr ijutaiao, one of tna ver. The reverenl gentleman took for hit said, not so much upon conquests, as upon planting the tbat the devil triumpbeV, aod ail Schwartz's work has to by the enslaved now witb pity and now with contempt brought sorrow io the breasts of MM lioeratoof to J* rttaiH, wbJoh baa been prepared, printed an 1 fur- subject tha relation of an educated mtaleiry seeds of righteousness in tbe hearto ot tbe rtotng genera- be done over again. Tbe Tract Society has made such a I conffne myaeif to facto, and he must be worse tbaa World. Humboidt end Lafayette had died deapavtoI witii fnaoa toteaded for toe evangelical parpoaes to the mass of the people. In the tlrwt tion. In tbe commencement of their denominational ex covenant with slavery. Bow, then, can it pretend to da.'l and dastardly wbo fears to face facte in toe history American liberty. The muxxied press of the utd f « I have been referred to by name, witn tne place an educated minia.iy was exposed to danger from istence, this was not much thought of. Preanhers went blame tbe Church of Rome for her doctrine of pious of hto own country. (Applause.) Tbe number of poor was tilled wito taunts upoa our missalIsa democracy • 1tottmatMBtoatIjomedUtoisocietyforthesolesotoUonfromthepopularmtod.Nootherprufesntooinaboutspreadingtbetruthsoftheirdenominsisoo,butBOfrauds?Ittotimethat,irwecountenancethesethings,whitestotbeSoothtoalmostincredible.Therearethiswamustendureaotoagaafrredom,yok.jwtth ef making a dtoiuroanow Tbu angeaeroua and •o teclucied from the world as that of the ministry, aod as effective organtos jon like tbe present was caatemplated. we should dull tbe edge or our reproof of those mendacious SCOXbO or 4C0,CC0 names who have never Mud their hag of slavery, shall be eampeUed to drag with tor arlhy attack, ttos diaparagemant of my motivea an 1 a reusequence the pastor often stands at arm's lcogth AI one lime Sabbath schools were opposed by their friends. missionaries wbo, to get the savsges of the forest to join tha cooks and wbo can scarcely manage their Post Otooe ar- car of State. Could we net be maddened toto racier, whiob baa thus been widely draatoted, tkrvugb turn the people. Dr. Arnold records that tbe pursuits of He remembered tbat once to Connecticut, tbe Idea of en church, told tbem that Jesus Christ was a hunter too, and rangements: men ao poor, wretched and miserable that Should we not dare now to alga a declaration of•a attetoi ofaaaMto, Mtbe penalty of a oasjaotoalleua tcnotorsbip should never be made a profession In lire, and toblHhing a Univerealtot Sabbath school was opposed on tbat he carried a tomahawk and scalping knife in hto belt, hey do aot blush to bring their own sons and daughters dtnoe? Should we not dare BOWto set oarmiveT!* IMy to ooavatooaa of truth aod duty: it la the penalty adduces Coleridge an an example. The diilereoce bet eoeo the ground that it waa aa orthodox institution. Oa tbe and had a whole alrtog of acaipa banging up ia bis wig- n o the matket to behold lice cattle. (Applause and from tbe encroachments of slavery r She would JeawaittoSBBt from the maasgers of that society, or the reading pat pie and the nation to wail marHal lo his- same ground, tbe reverend gentleman said, toey might wam which he bad taken from tbe heade of hto rocs. > ef a calm, Christian expression ef tbat dieeeot, with tory. It may be doubled if those who at some future oppose the Bible aa orthodox, and ignore that Mr. Bid- While examtolcg tbe question of fraud, glided over by respect la the wisdom of totir meaeoreeaad the n^hteous- day read the newspapers of 1860 will form a correct Idea die proceeded to urge the necessity of nurturing children prayer and evangelical speech, I must call your attention aasa ef their pohey. It la to tola spirit toat f the mam of tbe people at the preaent time. The osjact tn their relfgtoua character—to grow Coiistlaas out of to tbe effect produced upon the mercantile and businesscried of shame )qoecatoa to their consideration and ontononBev. G y. Novas, of New York, next addressed tos m*tog. Be undertook to maintain his ooeaiaienv as a rasa 1 afhrtd the resolatwos to this mertiag tost year, with f preaching to to meet neoesaities. Baxter says that ne- tbem. Be advocated throwing around religion the virtues of the nation b« the System of American slavery A desire waa evinced about thM perioi of the prooeed- iican voter to occupying that platform. He bad Mb•toutor views to ihoae last presented. The clamor of esaity m the great disposer of a minister's Ufa. There is charms of Innocence snd beauty, grace and harmony Bear the teatimocy of Dr. Breckiurnge —•• Tbe man wbo Dgs to kick up a row at the lower end of the bail, tbeaapesitioa which waa unexpectedly created waa suo-«*dcd no other department of literature to so tolimate relation He thought it should not be presented to tba mind of cannot see tbat involuntary domestic s-nvery, as it bciptent signs being buses and untimely ironical ap-by the unwarrantable suppression of these resoiutiioa, with the people aa tbe minntry. Journalism done not tbetbild in a grim aad frightful aspect. Religion was exists among us, is foanded upon the principle of taking plai-ae.tevtral > ears that the maaaolea of tbe slave were tow log en his own thouiaers. and be had wntheJ under ton The tree spirit of the North had beeBcrwbed under tosrsaad atoa of another reeolutmo, baaed upon them, oflered -trtke into the heart of the people aa does thto. It de- too besatifui to need such terrible surroundings to make by force that which to another's, baa simply no moral Mr. GARM.-** at once advanced to the treat of tbe heel of slavery deipotttm. Representatives of Ito pahy the venerable pastor of your society, together with tbe pends, under the Holy Ghost, on the people corverts. r'tt action upon the whole matter, in the uftU-ia) re- or success. There to a principle of military sci-seDse'"—that is, he has no conscience--tbat is, be to not platform, and wad tbat be perceived tbat sons parsons pie in Congress bad done tbe btidiag or tbe South ftmsny y e a n , it was gratifying, therefore, to staad toa * of tbe secretary I cannot believe that there is another minister and the people, which la, that a command at a nounced, and su£g with exquisite effect by the preuy utile wealth, and the laborer is (iodiike in this, that be, by his but maliciously to Interrupt tbe pr <ceedicga. I wian, abere we ssnld say wa are ine, to a practical preto1 af toe meettog. These were followed hy this circu- ence emblematic of the relation existing between the Tbe second bymn on the programme was then an-rty n toe toad which draws upon the okariuee of Slight elevation to more valuable than a mountain. The canariea in the congregation.toil or by hto Ingenuity, brings Into existence something said be, to admonish these persons toat this to not tbe sganst the Southern slaveholder (appbkMe.) He Mat that wss not in existence before. Be bos, therefore, by place for such unruly sad rowdy conduct Tture to on this platform because bare be could best assert*toes that would presume to take such liberties with mind of the minister should be it an eminence, capablerasetottoaa is to maintain unabridged the pro tor petrify the enclosure into a wall of adamant between the say would be addressed to them. He would leave to tbe •-link away from the scene of their exploits into tbe shal- be spoke as the noble dead, wbo, when bis sacred aabes bad existed tor years past, and with all toe aces ef the society's responsibility and coitrutltng preacher and tha people. The Angel of churches himself older speakers wbo were to follow him tne more sober low water along shore. But here stan-'s out to the broad were carried by devout men through tbe villages of New saiioas heaped npoa tbe anti slavery party. u« cy. AM attempt was made a the tostcr- *I.F to wc old beat bis wings in vain against such a barrier. We duty of addressing tbe elders in the congregation- The light or day not one case of robbery, but a srstemoi England, drew forth tbe sympathies of gray and reverend charged him with toe heroic taaaticnat tost toi marge to the Executive Commit toe the functions ?( fly • must throw opea our church doors to tbe people, as wa do reverend gentleman proceeded to deliver a most beautiful robbery, not robbery by the force of temptation, but rob- btnos lor bis bravery aad the cause for which he died. be in exhibited to Kansas and at Harper's Ferry. Ail hsberenttothesocietyasawholeAlaboredpleawa*,>utourbeartotnprayingforthem,andgivethemliterally,ifandaffectionateaddress,directed,anbestaled,especiallyberyuponprinciple,defraudingmenbythemillion_*„J?POrB**w,FjM'•»•»•»onshouldbeborne,byberejatoadtoseethaitbegentlemanboratheseotorfM torward, to toe effect that tbe society, aa aa etoemoayaery necessary, a Gospel without money and without price to the little children. He said that children were near to This is not the worst. Tba legalized system faithful and intrepid men, to be told to peace where the with n tailing countenance. (Laaghtor sadspetoaa.) waatstotom, exhauata Ito power to toe act of ciioosing When we wok at the different dieses of minds, we see God; tbe older they grow the farther they were from not oily steals upon principle all the bard earnings of Its massive rocks tbat surround Lake Champlate lift up It wss a good thing to have scapegoats. The Jest, a Ma otoeera, and that the iiacussion of principle* aaJ m--a first, the royal aad aristocratic, then the military,then the their Heavenly Father. In leny tog all religious' reliance victims and puts them into the pocket of the thief, sn Dr. their towering bends, and where M waa reasonable tome mysterious manner, heaped toe stos af tos psoas aarta to to) aaaaai aeetiDga la not proper; aal the autaor intellectual, then the artlsnc. Alter these comes tbe was faith. Be explained to the thousands of tender mm Is Breckinridge would call him, but tt chateiiizee the human he should rest to^pcace. But be has not been permitted upentbe scapegoats snd seat tbem tote lbs witosraaa. •f thto plea paid Jfee jiaoafoi compliment to toe heterogeneoua ctoJs, educated hy force of wealth- These before him the nature of faith. That faith which they felt being himself. It drags 11m down from the place as- to sleep in silence From a quarter where it might leant Tbe republican party heaped all their earn ea the baeti of cutting off, by h» owa motion, are all ta sosae degree educated. Culture is respected towards their fathers and mothers, their brothers and sis- signed him by his God on the scale of being, and ranks have been expected, it baa been said tbat hto death was of these abo.iuon fanatics, snd tried to sena theat huvt- reply to hto argument. That plea waa among them, and we may call them the educated classes. ters, was toe faith they should have In God. The reverend him, to uie the legal phrase, -'cot among sentient beings, Just and aeceasary. But wherever human bongs are ing toto the wiioemees; bat seme bo* toey did net ga 1 to be the semi oflical exareaaioa of too 00m- But under these Ha the great mass of the people. Among gentleman explained the nature of death, graduating his but among thlnga." In thM ooqstots the atrocity of tha held to bondage there can be ao each thing as treason (I—ngbSer.) Tbe Sjieaker had aeea a rrssal sartoawra isof the above associabon was held yesterdaytba veatryof tbe Btoecker street (rhird) tico of the congregation Mr. Chapin plunged at onceEvery stfert Prestoeacy, M will be wah reluctance.ML BTabtaaagbdT^pajveraa^ cbureb. Bar. O. W. Barnes, of tbe Second with characteristic force and electricity, into nig subject' aJtoOJX-f_rUB,0f to*bo<»rnrdr«Bsro*t££?£I do net prepoaem Unlrarailtot church, acted an moderator, aad Rev. H. tokttg the ground that the Sabbath schools were ike *££*"?-*'.Here •*OMfyato Sodom hadCtomorrah WMaccepted.the repubhoana The democratic party ttod been mskug constant demands of freedom, until BOW, at Charisaton, it bad demanded too much aad was broken. The repub- lican party was toocateted wife the idea, to some sxtsst,dwell open that pout at aay length, ror it baa tofca fre- urged, aac I wish to refrsin from the language of taaideaaactotom Bat I am aarmiadsil that tbesntoof soca reaotUIMQS aa theaa,tnaturallybebsaadupoamem. to toe preaent maaagemaat of the society»that toe aoeety bears aa number of societies, ig; pastors, 12; -notetato' without huge block of tos, wttbout feeling, without heartfelt pas- ***%*"£?*£?* ,t o M wwtoBBien la Ihe^terch holier than all books, older than all weeds. If we stand tow, far toataaoe, and the aoototea ef ato-ny to fee Dav-Lyon, of Orange, served aa clerk. schools of instruction in Christianity, and, as such, should be encouraged The leeoons we teach the child are the The following is a summary of the annual report pre- lessens we appreciate to maturer years. What isn town's education if it tn merely bralnllke—who thinks as if his soulhadbeentouchedbytheNorthPole-awhoactaasifwithin whose limits you will not find one married m«n^r'The PHKSIPI.IT onneunoed, as the first speaker,GtUBB. Stmuurs, of Ann Arbor, Mich., wbo said that tbat there could be no proper ty to man B would saheated by Dr. Sawyer, pastor of the second Universalis! chorch,andgeneralagentoftbeassociation-Wholethe anil slavery nouns was the great educating infiaenoe compelled to follow fee bidding of tbe anti atevnry senti-ukd htosea, with ertotef received during tae year, 72; Sunday schooto, 1$; p*. J 1 U e g to^ m^i-^_h , , f t , c , B "toot-toTtbs^oath Me FtowofXve»*Wvy^Sy £ - ^ ^ " d f t n ^ i h ewas melting away sectarian barriers, melting ail late ons brotherhood. Ha own reverence for the capacity of man ior improvement gave better too Is for him than any ortho- dox clergyman could give him for toe bsttto tot! the) The rssolaltoa itself <Tbe fossil now at BaltHsore wars goto« boy whi-•") The boost was made by agaatlamia, pito, 1,454; Bible classes, 121 whole number of Sunday wtthtn I ^ f J ^ 0 *?„ Prop*1-'/ need in ttos oonneetton-! remarkably pious and gaud Cbinians. Chrtottoa r o r Wreoeived srlth dansam, thai we would coo 1 w o u W torn Ptous adulterers. Devout heatheaas^.nlr^ ^r"» to wage thai war, and that determmaUoa to strong e t o o t ^ s T . ^ ' l ^ " * * *«•«•. » will he^suffl.«r to&hraaato of ail associated with btet totSS SW: number of volumea In Sunday school libraries, T,a3? cent to say tbat tbe reverend gentleman waa full* «^ii«i the Bmiptarsa a. they are of the P a n o e ^ of ftstotoifWe are act enemies of the TractDr. Sawyer concluded hto report by recommending more general and energetic atotoa among Ualvnineltoto to » £ vnnce tbe interests of their persuasion, and especially to enliven the Interest to relation to the attendance uponscbooai and Bible claaat-A committee appointed to ox me compensation toto Dr. Sawyer for his services as agent tor tba 4 panttwo years reported that he be allowed $300 for theto Dr. &, tba_adjourn tt adjourn at ntoeo dock._ _ * • ? _ ! • . ! • • oea«toa, a f f b t o ^ r d T M 1 , n U y 0 u ntoSufift S f h i_ _ #**>praywg thieves-for all Southern testimony oonftrmsu^statement that the slaves steal. T h a ^ w r a m _ a ^ S _ « « overthrow of slavery. Let the clergyman work with htobeaTers. ** *** ** * " " «next reviewed the conduct of th^Am^^X^ &££ own tosto, had 1st every other man ass the tools he mmin regard to this question, stomHmc^t aV b o u f J S Shy,B UQ, ,te- ^ ^ „ ^ - * n ^ » " - - M ithan w^fortlmoc«MtoabyMto.ajtflawy«r!!r—era" wah hast The anti slavery cause was teaching mea £ tobe true to themselves. "To thine own self be tree, anditjwill follow as the day the Might, thou canst aot'S^yH^S"1 "»«•*»J-atold/ Al2_d^.1__,S[_,,-,1 ** "«*» Wttoy,i-atoto? BeS E 2 S h ^ a r t p m S ^•*•* n»*andto! rhetoric torhuman—that is, be is a- brute. Labor to the creation of bad come lo the meeting, not for the purpose of hearingBow feeble, lord, the noblest song Our youthful hearts can ratoe !Be Thou the theme, and sweet and strong Shall swell our u\ mn or praise.Thy band, through all our days and years,Has been our shield and guide:prosperity 1 Shall thto policy of da policy will someiimea alienate the moat godly clergy. W• Through light and shade, through smiles and tears, teachings of tbe cnurch, Is a grand colossal system of multitude who are willing and anxious to hear the rea- since. (Appiaoae.) It must be gratifying to am ti maway tt tobto from sBtiltoM tons eleiHBB,to»braitoC mtoto mm nird ef MtsioBR more muaey than all too alava Stales oftheI*anputtogether. 1chargeawt*brofctoa:nuherself, aad aatencband a nuisance waidh tae governbold their second meeting at bait past seven o'otoek oa meet of tbe United states ought to abate An* as to tloss order of animals attached to the reck to thsisn—vAt the appointed boor Mr. GARBISOS took tbe chair andcalled tbe meettog to order. Be then stated that tbe Rev. rious yet awful truths of Chnatiaoity, I shall ooottnue loArthur B. Bradford, of Newcastle, Pean , of the FreePresbyterian eborto, and editor of tbe Ch trek PartfoUo,make war upon it while I live, and go down to death aad op to tba judgment of the bviug God with dean aaada aad an honest heartthe law of nature, the law of nations, and tbe tow of Go l,tbe clearest, most indefeasible and exclusive right to tharesults of bis labor. Under the Mosaic code, and bv thelaw af Chr tstianty, terrible curses are pronounced on thosewbo rob the laborer of his hire. Here, then, under tbe be better able to make )ourselves comfortable outoide. commenced in an obscure garret, «i h tbe help of a *>? very eyes of the nattoB, and upheld by the practice and But it is mean aad dattardly to attempt to interrupt the and be bad been man ufacturicg Northera anntimoal inrs views, waa ps-tated aad daUributed by them thto saaas there often extot great ideas aad tboajbto which lemarka according to the standard of the comprehension crime of atoveholdtog. Common thieve a and pirates are for which it to said he juatly suffered. The aot of Joha' the ahape of a huge balloon, represemag toa head ef these resolutions are presented shcuid not be thrum aside,se they often are. The natural of the audience he addressed. Death wan not so bard decent enough to blush at tbe Idea of legalizing and sane Brown m Virginia could not have been treason, because Doogtoa, and a boat aaderaaatb, lifted by gss-as toi _ > aad a contradiction 10 mat aopuisoi. They leaders of the people are church ministers; their teachers and terrible a thing aa had been represented; It was like ttfylng their profession. But slavery robs upon principle Virginia to herself an outlaw. (Hisses and applause ) al ways enough of that (laagbier)—cuaiatotog htocMfrms. 1 toe fact toat the charter, from wtuon wa derive are ministers, and If every pulpit In the land be slleaoed, goiag to sleep, with an awakening to the future bright and in broad daylight It robs religiously, and prays John Brown was virtually the anointed king in Virginia It oaly 'acked one thing, tbe figure at GarrtoM • asprovMse toat certain persoaa, named to a short tune they would be Ailed by those who no m*t and glorious. He wanted little children to grow up in tbe and sings hy ms over it. I have great sympathy for a He wore tbe crown and bore tbe sceptre there He was shape of a demon picking this balloon fgreto testator), -teat to, aucb persoaa aa BOWare, or may hera- tor what might be the prefix to their name, would be toe church. Their souls were tbe same to the truth aa the robber if he commit the offence because he to needy, snd a great sooi-sa heroic spirit He wss distinguished ror teti-ng out the gas of popalar aoveretoaty, sad letuir sbera of the Tract Society—are consU- rehgioua leaders of the people. Whererer tbe ataaaaa of sunlight to to the hower; the one waa just as well pre- acknowledges tbat it was wrong. Bat when be says tbat tos energy, courage and intrepidity—for his deep toned l>'ugias down to tha proper tevel of hto owa tofkay. booy corporate for tbe purpose of prmtlng aad the people are, there too should be tbe pulpit But the pared to receive the blessings of Divine truth as the be has a right to rob, that he robs upon principle, and yearning regard for all those wbo bare tohnrltod oar (Apptoasa). In every reform propheto and sears » •aaroototrag worka for religious loatructioa The msmoers, sacrifice of spiritual to worktly greatness hi oommoB. other was tbe grateful tofluenoe of the shower. He ex believes that tbe abstract principle of stealing is not mx common humanity, fo tbe principles of truih,.virtoe needed—mea standing oa tbe mount of,are ~ Denommaiional policy drifts imperceptibly to that direo- horted the children to love their Sabbath shoals thsir fast in M, then he to to be feared above all other and human liberty be was ever as true as the stars tba food time coming. Bat prophets rssaaaarefore, are aaaemhtod bora to aot as a corporate boiy: tioa. Thto is tbe ground of union between church teachers, their superintendents, until they shall past robbers. (Applause.) So in like manner, if tbe stove- Ho» could his death then be stid to be just snl Beos* fee beat mea for practical metoo.:s Tbe greatest pro-laaad beta to tbe orfgm of tbe power conferred upoa on and Stole, and to ingenuous y on.essed by Aitoon, who away into thst^Divtoe kingdom which the Saviour offered bolder justifies himself In the abstract and upon principle. sarvr It was outlaws who drove him to deseeratoan bv 1 affloara of the society are its servanu, aad toey canphet ttot ever lived. Jesus Chrtot did aot seem to atoitof to the practical methods neoeasary to carry ant _» ideas. Be never gave aay church tosttntloB, aor a theological creed. Bis soul seemed too great for either. But he stood on tbe mount of vtotoa at s Drvtoe receptacle. Tbe sail slavery propheto wars «• eelteat phj sicums. They gave as the exact dtogaoto a* tha disease of tbe body politic; but, at tbe same time, iter seemed unable to give us a practical method of carter it. The chief prescription was tha dissolution of tba Cake, Irom mat the speaker wholly dtesented. OnrfatberslsBTbe ehtoere of tbe society are its servants, aad trier can- fays that -an affiliation of the church wito worldly solan them, or such as were like tbem, aa specimens ej those be becomes the common enemy of manirtn.f ja u OOQ. their vice. It was outlaws who shed his blood-• m togalry be Ito msaaaim. Tbe stream dose not so rtoaaaghar than the foui tam The cos swuiion of the aouety dor to to some form neceasary lo the prosperity of Chris-who dwell in the kingdom of heaven.Tbe third bymn was sung with fine effect.—Shepherd of the holy hills,We, tby lambs, witb tender root,Follow Thee beside the rills,And through pastures fair and sThou dost hear us when we cry; Thou dost watch us when alone; When we faint Thou drawest nigh,Soothing us with winning tone. BKV. DR. B. H (-HAPIM'8 ADDRESS.sistent and ooumge»us la us, ministers of the Gospel, tohurl anathemas from too pulpit against the poor, starvtoc who strangled him--outlaws who have trampled oirogues in rags, white we ransack tba Bible for arguments prucipie ol human right. All thai to undeniable and Ito justify the rogues in ruiiles? (Load applause.) There here declare that the death of John Brown was 1toan eternal hostility between what to wrong and what and bloody murder. It wan aot be who timermais right All sin is evil, and Intolerable by tne spirit of banged on tbe gallows, but those who celled bim to a ore- holiness. How can tbe American church make nay mature grave. (Applause had hisses ) Mr. Green coXtinned st great length in a similar strain ^to toe est of toe aaetoty; they made it, aad they tianity " But no one can be Insensible at the sight of a oaa repeal or deOae M. The charter raawicta it only to man moving masses of people, not by genius, not by aba artoaaig aad circulating of rehgioua pubuoatoma; but ecotnutoUy, but by the intense preaching of Chrtot Tbe - too BBwamkastoM the society haa seen to to add tbe re- educated classes aiwaya look to a crtoto away from their touaa caJcu ated to meet the prohahilittoB of leader oa the heighto where they have been reposing. t-> any ruinator of Cbrtot whom they can* descry on them *i Cavrtottoaiiafato. There has been some dis- to risesat to the meaamg of that reatrijtioo. reaolutioBs indicate our under uaading of it, aad . iwuiserve to rescue that clause of the cm- from what I deem the perversion of a modera glass, aad restore-it to Ito ortomai. historical significance.ptotoa betow ta toe heat and duet of the battle. war ted is a living church witb a living head.What laheadway sgairst that class of ami forbidien by tbeeighth commandment, and wbteh are so alarmingly pre-valent at tbe present time, when in tbe moat opin and a/tor which tba Convention adjooraed. "•u -r l"*m,a> slavery to be rooted out by their suooassors. WesbssM efficient way possible it endorses, before our own and all mret it on every field where it presented toaatf. Itdrsaot other people, that giant system of robbing called Ameri- 8BCOMD DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. seem bold snd courageous to cut off tbe North to get ratTba reverend Prafeasor s address wan listened to with marked attention throughout. At Ma conclusion a hymnWeareaot,asasociety,tothebeggaredaadheiptoseon wassong,afterwhichtoeaudienceware damissed with nTBe.lte3-Mr c^UPn'(or ^ oowch) wanintroduce1. canslavery. IfwetreatwithrespectBeelzebub,tbePrions TheConventionwascattedtoorderat teao'clock yes- ofslavery. Ourfathersleftussn undividedfarm,alto-atotoa to which tbe spemai ptoa oftke management" £?d #bma ua-the curse af tmpoteacy • aot yet upoa us: aadtbe benediction, pronounced by the Her. Dr. HUTCHM1 or the Devils, and endome his religious character by out even n stone wall running throagb It We weak*. S He said the limitation of time to speakers on this oocision bringing him to the communion table, oaa we treat with terday forenoon, by Mr. CUaaBoa, who announce! thto all lor l.berty—not aa acre of it for slavery. Tbe repaM- waa one which be admired, but under it he did not know dtorespect the subordinate devils, whose name is legioaryet upoa us; aad NEW YORK ASSOCIATION OP TJNIVERSAL- howbejooald proceed. There might be some plank tn (Applause.) The reverend gentleman then prooeeaed to eererolof the speakers had failed to appear, but their can party was not perfeci. A republican Presides! cxuiItoISTS.MEkTlKO Of BUESCUB STKIET CHCBCH.date Tbe eloquent divine said be would rather have ad- dressed tbe children, but as his brother (Mr, Ballon) bad confined hto remarks to tbat class of the audience he would add rets himself more particularly to tbe elder por-themselves, snd those wbo bold tbem to bondage. Theslaves, by the severity of the system which abrogates thesacredness of marriage altogetner, a n driven to too aa.oessity ot universal concubinage. The marriage iuetttTso wall filled as yesterday.J. Mn—n MCEJM, from the Nominating Committee, re-ported the list of officers for the ensuing year , which toBuchanan bad done (Applause ) The time, Berbers, sat not come for the success of tbe republicans.by the President to aid the South 'the speaker should vote for a republican candidate for msfor m- woudthe platrorm wbich would prevent his becoming a candi- discuss the immoral results of slavery on the stoves places wonlo be supplied with others. The had was not not do half as much good to tbe anti atovary aaoss as JsaasThe Rev. J. R. W Suoajm followed to a similar straintorn to an entirely unknown among the stoves as it is substantially the same as for toe last year. The resort thought he could do MWiatlibig by ha connection ei_inthecountry. Ittake*holdofUieteachingsandlaws ment Itwoaldhavetoaddnewplanksofaprogrssaivd be bad a great brain, but n bad heart-as If he were a polygamists tad adulterers, aw totho«Xad7^f of God written oa the heart of msn-those teatolngs antntovery character. The repeal of the Fugtove Slarg, t, l n n - TM_! Xed wttntbe Old School Synod of South Carolina a7*9out of to aileglance to this law God has wrItten oa the heart, we soil. (Applause) A true Idea was ttwsnrabfy togioal,titutlon.Andthesewretchedcompulsoryfreeknars" »*•£•*_lne reverend gentleman is world renowned. To tors. In18,074 church m a m b e r a TM E ? ^ _ S £ are in anity with tha anti slavery movement, Bvtof to the and would have free oourae. The otly answer the re- E f _ _ . , T * «»]«•*"-* ot his rapid, pungent anoTtork- pabitosas csoid make to tbe rssolBtton of fee ssosdirs atmatototo to raafset to Mm crowning gatit BtoaHoag, ]t; number of church members additional "n* tontenoee-his lightning likeTchangorfrom t»t*» to .fURa- mJB*tfo*m£ffS?&L St aspirations of the glorious preaent. Bow Utile the nsaer- CharMama, to retetioa to protecting property to fee Terri- in oar tond Call not mat Eran- bto1tMr._*HW,d ^ ^ - " - h l * Practical paTagrap^Jand notorious ada'torsri and aduiueaaeo.' D? Adams in. able cry of infidelity was worth. The aauotovery cause lories, wocld be that there could be no property to -foUowtoffrenototton, whichtovitod.The greatt s s t »not theif he might:to stand ea Ptogsha betgBt sad M that tb«°'wn1.S_li^£«5_S*^ ww~ o-nuees legtons die wttbout thy totoofWe know, beyoa I the boary manatotoMML-T^ Whose awful summits piece the an^^T'were speciallytbe creeds you do or do aot believe in, but do yea have to the rights of man are you willing to be true to'Mid golden seas where God^Bwem't^nr!-•^to*^!?"*_!_?•"to*8m nmlatocn^i h,^^Lla ,U w1etod totowflin fastenthaof itomanityistbetruetest,notasectariancreed.Mrs. J. Ikaumna Joans, of Salem, Ohio,eoid—More thanSanrxxMirmadeanappeallor funds,aadwhitetoto aommiueewent around for iverses wereAlter benediction, the and satisfied with them t o b ytouchtaiandcurse of human bondage upon an unwitlin* nmm« i dreds of our pubuc men to their ruin andcharge Itwnhseaucmgwito^ wtoT-! «**'lte it with the cold blooded and deTbe teanar. ^remainingeftheiUIEBICANFEMALEGUARDIANsoci-tr.toa^SodfgTHfthenitmaiclalnsnow. Thedoctrinesitmaintained1da I 1838 tt enforcea to ISM They are theaame, becaaes amstteal remedy was snare tor any iThe twenty sixth annirersary of the Guardtan Society snd Home tor *yesterday at the Home chapel, to Twenty-ninth• FemaleJBf l WM1 K A I Jaaid oMBdatoe toat af all ourlions—with Iomen to*expaa_t««j, and dhmgwo aad weaten thehuman rights sre the same, human duties are toe same its opposite—rigbtooaaasssf The 1 S T . Mr. Meyssl Bu- Its foundersiwere^not euperflcio! thinkers. They tooted spoke in favor of the repubrlean party, beweoeeli had ood grava into Ibe philosophy af right Because they kaaw Bat. a^sat troth to its ptatform-eae good plank. That plaalcI charge It they searched out Having aacerUined the ofaaracter of it bad borrowed from fee alillllilii*• (**fuimJ and dwtrac- slavery, their course was plain. Like the Great Teacher, Bad say republican leader propoasd to repeal the Fagi.After some singing by lbs children, toe Bar. Mr, offered up a moat elegant prayer acd benediction,on fast flUbuater- body politic. AS a Okrtowho condensed tbe whom system of e t b i * into two com ttve Stove towf Bow ato that party propose to remedy the evil of slavery r (A votoa-"By vattog-"J 7«*toi to* . » toey raduoed' thias asaatoet to simple pro- Wbamf The best of tbem-all had reoudlalad far all t—aa ngbt to freedom;Untitled Documentwhich tha exercises were continued. They by tba childrea, which wars ofB__S__S^WiT__57when ha ciiildrea should took over time waa eon—eg when na onuoren snouia moa over**mof Daniel Webstar, the prince of0 Tbepo^tt ^Maa MAST Gsxw, of Philadelpbto,meSUt g. She re aarked that it a •aid that toe aboU- tteatotostspmidaopractical'hen be Adas la nay man." At the time of tha John Brown excitement, at a large j1aAsa Arbor, ait'classes, al] jTrfilnaented, excepting the clerical profession, _toe enemy of my country—with hindering the beautifuland harmonious working of our system or /roe ootrbflaigovernment-by throwing into toTma<toe^a,far^element eternally hostile to tbeloveronma'ltoe? I£ - _ * e T n \ _ - ? f ?l«t,'00d S h a . ^ 1 .bad on toe great priaomto of human rights r Fidelity lo hu- broad land without a stove. (Applimto )vTZOl?**_J""*•"w •*«-»to**?! S3H5?r!#K?labored wanderdeliberate murder iJL-^ii^J.ff^^^totoh and daTMr.Gajuusoirmadeafewi trfbattoa.n_5Jra>'o7^.,-^•TM, J1**•C-°'WHO-^JG^S^LZ?••• •" •to eertaof evangelical rel gmn, by fatbertog upon toat system all t»th, a G n e c ^ r ^ ^ " , * f l T r s s a t f atatW D %kthe vices, pollutions and outrages of slavery, thus driving tbe avmsaih-i —- • *° * * *'*h th* «aa_i JThe reverend gentleman retired amid load applause.oration by aay tog toat there were eoubtteas many among revenge tbe wrcBgs of toe slave, or toraak as a metaphysician, politician and patriot Be Hinot wtob to offend any one wbo held taosa oyUiious, but aore Ibe stove if they thought best, until the d a ; 7 be nevertheless felt bound to examine the tote remarca bntt-n shall come Tti-i m ght i*t, the ~ble speech of tbe Senator, to which Be toqaires whatposition—M a fugitive from slavery were to)approach hisbouse at midnight, weary, hungry aad tempest tossed—heshould assume toward him ac wrdiog to our ergaoK* laws.tcurtry had been an uatnterrupnd series of tria and lamcbeshumsa beings into eternity. M»oy of the tioo torblefa him to give tbe fugitive any help or en- of slavery. Tbe germ of compromise had breatotn couragement, and that it requires him—oe'tomly requires bitter fratt Every effort Urn North had mato to a murders committed have been lo grauty the asawr tcl-ra him— to regard the fogttive as a chattel aad a piece of freedom to tbe aoceoaaat oaiy showed ta«r sssVsary artie'es in the furniture of our steeping apartments, bim hack, wttbout compensation or remorse, to the hell ten, but there were bnsaaa hearts that would aevir of slavery. This to tbe plain position af Senator -ieward; get that under uko circatoatancea we ahouid sale**esraf«Uto^«( ) «a,t o rtotbe fact of the manacles upoa then* owa lie•toa.. ito.the ease of Thaddeus Hyatt showed, had toe'*.»v« Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 