 »i<i saant_tennt, _ entitled a e*P**Aff * ? ^ ? '1 *enitlet for the fabricstfaufoHasokrgeastapleofoar •tone star, monnrehy, W what not—need never fear that their ireat starto will lava olhar thaian aatisrthf 4a- I mand for it, unless it should unfortunately happen that Iyoung prince IT like a oortatothe anew tcurnertoto. Ther* _, waj, eonehtorabtettaalkl about »W ^ betogitWf*sd.and ^A^iSSith-JgoY W B C w k I^onflJT * ^ ^ "^ enWM*>W anOnta* Whannnpnei _ ;uk« P, quite coolly.i to thee" JB« and government is i s clrcula- - - J * M , S ' , end has atoeedy a huge number. ttptlfbatu .-^ of the address arts the following—To reu ^ y . Fariai and bis oooneellors, because & « w rss/jend theinanliai s M p h t r ; to rerftlto abstain from any such trip; so he exhausted great ne'dd of a patron each at a highid, and now we have him back here, looking as might-jiake himself. It to never too tote tothe late Prince William end cousin to the h W aad the Prince Regent. He to heir presumptive to the Grand Duchy ofHesse Darmstadt, the present Grand Duke not having any children; but until the demise of hto uncle. who it not an old man, be enjoys an extremely limited Income, to which the marrtoge portion ef hto bride willB a m Fathebattleof « _ __,,of ABO, 17T4—over a year before thethis country was declared-died'Fatal, K«w Hampshire, on the 10thdred and four yeara five months and Farnhem'a home was on a farm ofsituated about balfamitoiThe farm It managed by hit second ton, Mr. ham, who to now sixty-three yeart oataktj,aad puce him at the heed of Southern Italy; clothing. » '.eosoltoh Fort St. Ihwo to oommence ths public*»rka ss4 relieve the gantananlllf of ths popular•ansav, *A dismiss Cen. Sanhtohtr; to substitute ia the > h w | *r the Bourbon office holders men who, by theirtwe after terrfbto it, and two tttitwo find of Uona of francs. Whether the ten per cent mtsrest thatmatch for a British princess, and I am astonished that a sensible woman like Queen Victoria should not think of altering the preposterous Royal Marriage act, whtoh pre- vents the daughters of England from choosing a husband among the wealthy aristocracy of their own country, and•tt*B%«.rj«) sad lau toons, pcaaiat more merit; sod to being Mr. lowlby, correepaadnnt ofIhe youthful pair will reside at Potsdam the bridegroom g rraanan regiment of ck Willtom to said to be of enjoying the societynow have loan ieventy-five yeart old, and another«« dead. There are five yet living. He en) toted, witheW eaSanr /OvfeaVUi QUaaVaWMaFy toaanW^ • • » • • rr •aalaJQfltaB (commandof therevolutionaryforcetatCambridge reached the camp only the day before the battto ef ]•-••- ^*mwm jr '"V -•--^^tnT ^"^a1^TMw^rnw^anonjMpMWBi ktr Hill, snd wee immediately marched to O i l scene of operations. He was placed to the rear la i of ammunition and stores, when the battle Iregutok, the military aflbirs of ths country withths etow«£* ,ST1 a ^ n e t ^ ' ^ ^ **~ areatated.^ t ArdhbtohopofVaplea refused te ting the '«Te »•«> A•' which was so—after ths satry of Qarlbakli, —* . be M t t i e city. Whaa fhi present governmentthejother Cbptasa Brabason. V Mr. come back, wo may Molt tor thsthe Doebeee of Parma has reduced the pay of her r*pje- sentativeo (?) at the different Courts of Europe. The Ducheat had better save the salaries of the said rerresen- Utires for bar chUdroa,lottfcgher " J 1 ^ ^ ^ * 6betterofborambition;andFraaoisII.should,bj^»eans,show. No one, however, to deceived by the apparent lull. It is far from being a settled calm; the petition1 barometer stands only at variable, inclining to stormy. The temporary retirement of Garibaldi tohto potatoc patch is by no means Ctooinnatus-like. Everything to dtmetokeephlmbefflratttopooBlo. The dtobaaded rod- thirta carry with them to their homes the tales of bravery«•» m toes r*>w«r he was tovtted to return, sad did ss a a .*,JfcJ|y? *»<»» when setae few of bat special adinirbrsFekin, restore the rebelMQLta**n|» the tbrcn% and Fmperor,wtth hto thirteen wises, slide.real Cbi the Tartar lam theremankind should make up theirto da wliheat ' TwoInwWd'to tne form a vary desirable addition. It to aot a brilliantttoa that'cso be urged>WiU be the climate; but with pro- r*>r appliance* any country can be made habitable that posseMes the etomaafs »nd basis of culture and fertility.»WithFrancisXLajTKome,andthe inexplicableconduct the French l a a a r o r . no sort of hope for Italian unity snd stability cajtfbe indulged in. With all his go.»d(realities be waP*o«« get the name of a regularMarplot, and both ing etee. They are now in 1 should net be surprised if they were to cause alittlebitof a-moluitionin France respecting certain an menfe. But we shall see. Among the many steps towards- i f r e e press, butf th*>y meet with littlo aatoa beard here is '• Viva the King and but col*ortoteJtat here. It is said that Ltwta Hapoleou Orrour," only, but this is seldom uttered, while that or WOOMb gtodtftK) great lengths towards that most <1A- •^JartbaWi" atone, la haard frequsaUy. A few days ago 8irableauaaaaiaisHon.bat that hisminletert are greatlyhis throne.Great praise hat been given to the Americans withatondiDg the people that their task was Incomplete without Tfsoetw, and Rome. This unprompta was received With the most vociferous applause, and the poet had to repeat htohymn. Thesepatriotic snogs,or hymnssstheyare termed, have become a powerful element in the oomsou-often, when the passions are disturbed and running notbetween todrrtdual members of society, and the breachinallkindlyrelationsseems Irreparable,wiB someeeei-dent—trivial In iteelf at the flutter of an insect's wing—a took, the prattle of a child, some slight physical p a i n -sail out all the hidden sympathies, and the unfathomablegulf to bridged over as by enchantment. The same fanatics,underthecombinedleadershipofSeward,Keitt, KingofDahomev,requestinghim not to encourage thebat yeeterday. Train remember tK r*rt£uiar* sf tjnaty. and have a vast influence over the excitable minds of the people. Garibaldi is the chief theme i of "aha eeng*, and, as bin admirers are numerousto me. for it was the first time I ever engaged to tot.sdajL! Ofland. We will buy all the cotton of yon at Whydah. them by the Hessian government, and voted an address Yon shall not be cheated. It to not for a wise king toto the Elector, declaring that they consider the constitu- have many of his people killed every year, whan they0Mr Ingraham took orders in the Protestant EptonM ch, and was established as rector of a cburcsnHolly Springs, Mississippi. Bat ha did aotem sentiments, aad decidedly pro-slavery though he had not been demonstrative « the title of fire-eater. His latest literary editing of a volume colled •The Sunny South, to be tne diary of a Northern governess to States.a. DXATM OF OOXMODOU PLATT. [From the Auburn (M. Y .) Union, Dec. fid.]Another ot our most eminent public servants hat to his final net. Commander Charles T. rhstt ths of Commodore McDonougb in the battle of Lake Ch plain—late commander of the Albany to the home mt roe—the father ot tha present rector of St. Peter'sto this city, departed this life at Newburg.en the tost., in the sixty -sixth year of hto age.Commodore Piatt was bern at Platuburg, V. Y , en fit 10th of October, 17»6. His father wss the icoprtotary d that township The son was toft, while a child, a the dependence of orphanage. The shelter of at boyhood wss found under the reef of Jedge Jens Tlatt. snl with Chariee I Piatt, at Alton, then Treasurer of the State. On the enttont of hostilities between this government and Gan Britain he was an eager aspirant for the parfisnt hoaot s of naval heroism. His public career cwmnanat with a midshipman's warrant, dated June la. 1*12 Be order ccccmpanying Itdinttcd bim to wpa'f at oocsk his station te the flag ship of our fleet upon .utfce t a n1 ' regular aceouh1 be retired, with at s to that quartersus Admittance the eniiro country to meiirhfor him. I had the honor of his people's minds against the French government, it might too to carry n> acquaintance, and can say personally that I never knew well have happened that some coarse expression should1-of the Bureau ot the Interior has male A re- i Lteut«aani General of the amount of populahave been uttered to the presence of one so near to thechief of the State; but, on the contrary, though the Em-tion of 1831 as being still to legal existence, and callingupon him to restore it d*facta by convoking a new Legis-lature elected in compliance with the provisions of that this way yon will be a great king. You will be more document. As wse to be foreseen, this request was rich than any other king ia Africa. You will get nowmister?* her day. render toby one high up in the political, moral, social and intel- U ctualVale. More solid than brilliant, always oonserva- tivo, a manof many friends and few enemies, ho leavesof the rest of Germany. By a majority of thirty-eight csn grow It much better than in those countries whereto seven they have rejected the sham charter offered to they take the stores to. It to much better to Dahomey- feasor IngTahtm^on IhT'uttoinge. Several yeartnGaeia still holds oat, bat it to rumored that the King has given no his cause ts tost, and is ready to make "terms'." The worst part of"these rumors is the onehereditary kings of France. His Majesty gave her the erted 1Mb roM—to sustain him. Victor Emanuel pos- goats which are bred there. Caprera moat not be con-iOf which about 600,000 are in the city, andi is Ms quota, this report U drawn up man of a large puMki dinner, stop short in the middleanswered by the immediate dissolution of the Chambers;but their indomitable perseverance has completely upsetthe plans or the reactionists, aad brought the question to Majesty Badahung—Then the great English people willof a long list of regular toasts to give the •Tuited Statesof America." because he accidentally beard there was anAmerican at the table—whom he did not know—merelyfor the purpose of showing his friendship for "our transui Untie cousins.'' He loved America and Americans, andbelonged to a far different school of noblemen from thelate Duke of Norfolk, the tote Earl Grey and many more,who imagine the world made on purpose for them. and JR to-said, or rataV «*xpocu-l, &M **""> kingdom w'»n bo that it could not possibly move on without them, and inlove you. And to show yon how glad they are to aeo you a wise, and a good and a great king, we will send you from the great English people each year that yoa do this, and do not sell any stoves, nor let aay stores be sold or sent iff frcm an your coast, we will send yen each year a present of love to you of dollars in silver money. or in all sorts of beautiful and useful goods, whtoh yourutes regulating the election of deputies Sardinian Parliament, wbi< h, as I un- intanded to apply here, beoause th ithen have a majority, if I mistake not,have the power, -loubtlos.i ei'mbo it tantage rather mor? than would herincc-—Ptedmout, Lombardy. tigu-, Moiena, Tusiany. Bologna, .Naples ring a lieutenant General acting foreach to be sabJivlded and have local ma i to take oliarge of local alfairs, the State re* n lagthe super u r JuriauicUons.The ••€tA'.f^^Ui.', which has just been est^blish'-d bnre. aad designed sa a '•enr*-sB" for the existing ill?, met •OBtbaJd tax. and ei. eted I*wertotheir Vi«e President.a crisis which must be decisive for the liberties not onlyof the Hessians, but of all Germany. If Prattls hadtaken a bold and resolute stand to this affair, she wouldnow have an excellent opportunity of improving her po-sition and rallying the whole liberal party around her:but through her unfortunate vacillation and faint- like beet. Yes. we will do this, and buy, too. all youraflteable to the mkrthern am! Central Italians.DB\ ft—A. M. force upon her war or bankruptcy. Franco is. to 1 notice that the pipers speak of a new Lieut-nant my certain knowledge, steadily preparing for any Ceaeral being appointed, Prtnc; Cb: ipnano, and Farlni to emergency, snd her naval forces are being mostinstitution has yet to win its spurs. Again and again it has buried Itself and other precious things beside in one common ruin. Another chance is given it. It is no use beginning to clamor for rights rather thaa privileges. It matt prove itself worthy of such rights which, It is evi- dent, it is the true interest of the state to concede the moment it to assured of doing so with safety. Napoleon, with Persigny as bis satellite, is determined to deepen thefoundationofhtodynasty inthegenialsoilofliber- ty. He knows hto ton cannot possiblyTceepthe throne of his father unless he Is able to do so. Therefore In this the prefs has a guarautee of good faith. Let it be wise, prudent, bold, but cautious, and a few years may see France with greater elements of durability than she has ever yet known In her chequered history.Of course, s!l these indications may prove fallacious, but certainly I do find sin one men a disposition to take a more hepetn] view of public affairs. England bat given nnmislakeahle evidence both of determination and good will, and France knows it. RussU baa quite enough to do at borne A"stria is changing her ministry and giv- ing symptoms of listening and reason, .sad Germany is hailing, in the premise of more liberal institutions In France, apledgc of more amicable relatione with herself. OnceFrancis 11,outof Gaeta, it is thought, the govern-ment of Victor Emanuel will make i-hort walk Of matters at Naples by declaring a temporary state of Btoge, with- out which a state of anarchy must ensue; and ir, lb the meantime, the new councils of Austria shall serve to pro-gree, and she now finds herself involved In a. dilemma from which she will hardly be able to escape without loss of honor, or without a display of energy of which her antecedents afford very little prospect.In all probability the Elector will continue to reign, as heretofore, uncontrolled by a popular representation, and, if his subjects should grow obstreperous, will apply to the Diet for protection, whsn 1'russia will either have to sanction the interference of that body, and thus irrevocably forfeit the sympathies of the German nation, or protest against such, interfe- rence, and if necessary repel it by armed force, al- though she has just given her moral support to the Elec- tor by rt moving bet diplomatic toteroouree with him, aad by urghigtbe acceptance ef his "conciliatory proposals" ujoii the Bets ton Legislature. To complete her discern tlture, there are symptoms that another Power to prepar-ing to wise the opportunity which she hat been too un-skilful or too puMHanimous to make use of. HithertoAustria has alway s been the mainstay of despotism in Gerrics cheap, while the manufacturers of the North, wishing Judge Piatt's ptoses. Their aim waa hot envthat their own products should be purchased to prefe- tuaftn Intercepting hto communication of orders, thenrence, are anxious that foreign wares should be sold hto hat, bis coat, and finally hto boat, were panttraM. dear. Ihe one, therefore, contends for, the other strenu- and the ship wss with difficulty regained. Omgrasevfiwtake the into of Governor Geoorai, aad remain hero. It afay be tnus; but if so it will not mend matters, as Farlni to very unpopular. The Napol«onists and Mcratists are aot idle m the** troublous times, but they are scares.himself appears to to) interested in the air tiro of y,asbehasbeenwritingletters,inwhichheexhibits 'edifying solicitude and paternal tenderness" for thewhole nation, and for things about Naples in partwular.effectually organised and increased. She has at this nvrnent the most serviceable navy In the world in case of war; better equipped sad manned, and really more formidable than that of « r e a t Britain. The armed or bttaebs frigates are agreat success,as theyart swift, easily managed, and proof against any ordinary shot. Si roe three or four of them arc nearly ready for sea, andtohimasword, in testimony of his gallantry on this • Tmmedtatery after tha pacification of U U , h e appalevidencesofdissattofact»n. OntheBightofthe-JIlastgress marching hand in hand, are overrunning Europe. andquestion—the great fester of the day—wlllhe settled, at toast temporarily; and even a temporary arrangement Is much in the present volcanic state of the political at- mosphere in that region.Reverttog for one moment to the liberal changes con- sequent on the decree of the Mth of November; billow- ed, as that dicree was, by the Minister of the Interior's.Counsel to the various prefects on the subject of tole- rance to parties, his letter relating to the press and the subsequent annulling of all previous warnings to jour nals, I msy remark that, to a proof of good faith on M. de Persigny s part, an intimation has been made to the various journals that the Judicial condemnations to which they have been subjected will be acquitted to them, and a notice to that effect is to be shortly announced by M. TJetoxgto,the Minister of Justice. The effegl of this will be a pecuniary emancipation of the most important kind. for many of the journals can hardly support existence under the heavy penalties they have paid and are still paying for former delinquencies.The murder of M. Poinsot, the judge, in a railway car-tbetr nefarious trade was temptingly off red to hto at were camliduti s for the Presidential chair. The precise as the bribe to mutiny srd his murder. Goota*? stgniflcstce >t the course they have taken cannot be ap net ve brought bim safely throfih ths danger. IIthaaSown trodden nations are awakening at their outcry to a the audience ia one of the theatres insisted on the •- Hymn cense or tbetr rights. to a sense of their dignity, aud are of Garibaldi •being suag. it net being in the l-iil. The beginning to compnbend that the movement has at lasttural decision of character her* m > vu.cod it*'if. a tote st Omission, without the shedding of blood, a crew agamn whom he could Oder no other resistance his own arm and bi- own detruiination:-o far as logical consistency ts concerned, t h v e canbe so doubt that Mr. Breckinridge and Mr. Lincoln both Squadron of Commodore Porter -till engaged i i un occupied a more tenable position than Mr. Douglas. The tog the myEtcries and scppns~tog the cntaes c.T« rritories which are inchoate Steti s, that have not yet India pir*<y. While thus employed, his HW* W attained the population necessary for admission into away under the dtoeasce of the tropics. Hi-- endthe Union, are, by the coaatttction, under the authority constitution p»ffed lumvathed. w bile his deck* wereof the central government, which, therefore, would seem than once d<eoiated with the »eh»>w fever, u n thto have a discretionary power with respect to the iotro. tileixe was i:< t his only foe. Piracy wss yei duttion or pr.-hibit.ou of slavery. But, at each Rtete, Be tracked the iiitecreaat* to their retreat*. Hawhen constituteA, has the right to determine for tself their coasteis. He leeevereri valuable • arrfoos ft whether H will hh/ree or slave soil, the Inference seems pressed upon their artoeo craltalunever th? veetsrd to be that Congreti ban no right to prejudge the de- out ot pert. He fonipotted them to abandon the stat cision, and, therefore, M Wmd to exclude slavery At last. cha*i!:g^!?v>f ilietr wsm-to intoFatordo,a^wea* during what we may call the territorial mi- bolt Ob tie north coast of 1'oto Rr<», the •m'-boi**nority of the incipient ^tate. On this ground, pretend* d to cs.p»ct htoaof fei-mhig <a*- rights*.a at* spsrt entirely from moral aad religious omisi- tfiicer, aad prcceeded to impri-cr: I.in. Scintjue, to* dcrattons, aad simply t s a point of constitu- piratical crew fled, urd their booty w*s secrete J. B « t * tional law, Mr. Lincoln's position seems impregnable. event proved tint his d*ri!.*- bad sub'»ed the ini«iwtty* By electing him, the people ef the United States have pg heart. Commodore I'i tie: e«me to his n-'i-t ind. W deatared not merely that slavery shall no' be forced upon this oumeskieg <f fr.eaii'horliy tha had e»*tm*& a» the Territories, but that it shall be excluded from them, plrscMS, acr< ir.p!-.shod their su'ppr's-ion Thi* wJ * even at the risk of provok tag Southern eeeesaioo. Of prorobBced etc of thj most e?«lul :md .L'-tel'oren* coursetheabstractprinciplesadvocateddurtoganelec mestgiwittscfouri.a\i.l*cb:everaei;t8,wheftw«r»witVtostoMBtets soldiers attempted to ctaar the theatre, tha National Guard came oa the ground, and at the of tha beyoaet susulned tho people—telling the that they should no', interfere. There ia abitter feeling between the two armies, aad at any ataaaaat a serious ooUiaion may take place, which Mazzinicrae when civilization must triumph over bigotry and superstition, when common sense must master the abuses •>f tyjanr.. al governments* when men mimOhsfree, when cepjrwuttona! jrovemmqnt must crush under foot the self- arrogated right of families to reign over nations, of indi- vidnaht t<> coerce and tyrannize the people. All this is being felt in Europe. And these rulers who are such by what thev term divine right, and not by the will of thapredated without a clear knowledge of the courses which they have declined to take. The alternative they have adopted meet be interpreted with reference to the alter- natives rht y have rejected, e * e e e •will be sure t<> take advantage or. Mazzini still holds his people, ere preparing to crush sentiments that foreshadowtoreea, where he gathers round him tha best talent of Mary aad\ art a groat many Hungaftans of acta now in the chy, aaa it is said that their committee Is Weil supplied with fuada, aad that they are taking the Initiative step to tha ofatoh'g of the campaign in t be sprang. General~ pha left a lew days ago, but is to return in time to s command. General Turr, it is «-atd. will commai.dItalians, and Garibaldi is, of course, to be Command i-Chief of the whole. A asrtie was made on the eth by the Neapolitans, to which 380 hnrdinians aaretheir destruction.Napoleon III . elected by the people, and In oyer doingwhat he can for the people is the natural ally of all libe- ral movements among the nations of Europe. The fact is evident when werefiuct ipon the late miraculous d-!>.\ e- ry of Italy. Those who re i use to recognise his agency in Italy's fate must indeed be blinded by prejudice. We lfow hear that be is going to withdraw his naval forcebJQed.Loxnox, PIT. U, 18«.e/ JVleta jiipiarisas Si*kt a/ Is/aVPrtoaawaCtojr-mtheewrgy are •otirery cuuuw penteo. luetr cannot change tha tote decrees, and nowan illustrious individual being impressed with the (per- fectly erroteoi.M idea that he is indispensable for his pei tseal Ftilet y and that ef the mctropolfc. But of nil bis colleagues the Mtototcr of Finance to. perhaps, to the most djatgreesbte predtotinent. The session of the| Legislature to sr^edchtog. and not only will be havelie rxrlir*%<f the Bngemasaf> ttofvmn while tu. ei'..•,-_ id a tat-il cmtpiti: <f _> As£te/tasitorie/ Abtrdmm,ifo,ste. let the British aad French.but that brief announcement w.Ube the ra new am that future historians' wllM.Poinsotcommencedlifea Eon the face of the iofnatureforbdt i t h a tha Sua andUi^^^^^ of htoStAll the principal Judges snd barristers ofbe overstated. Heexcellent judge,Ili11miM1althecapi-iact that without them It need not exist at all, as it would be quite usetosF. Such a man waa not the late Earl of Aberdeen. Hto successor is principally known as a serious young gentleman of good parts, aad highly con- servative, like hto father.heartedness she lias again suffered the favorable momentto pass, and converted an event which might have beenof the utmost advantage to her into a new source of em-barrassment and perplexity. After advocating theclaims of the Hessian people to the restoration of theircotton st a fair price, if yea will be such a good and such a greaUcing.,st«aBg»rsl"—there is no hope far Napoleon or in a few months the government will have at leas i eight frigate* In armor, ready for immediate and awatdttbctlTO service. The army Is being organised on a footing of eftclabcy such as no military leader in Europe crsr before witnessed, aad means of transport, swiftandcomfortable. ia IrOiy hMab of ths Tktmhm—UtamjaritKU h> »Vo- are even now being devised by the Emperor and hisTo understand the recent Presidential election, or, self to all the details of navigation.rather, the recent election of Presidential electors—for the Without specifying intermediate cruises, wo find at matter is as yet only itt that stage—some insight into to 18S3 acting under Cant. Sidney Smith, on board fitt Rnxptieni aNAPUH, Brc, ft, 18d0. PalerwHh-Jtaaahv Sent*-American parties to necessary. The broad distinct ton be-tween republican and democrat is too broad to be ofmuch service. We do not propose to plunge into c dis-quisition on the policy of loco focos and Know Nothings,silver beads und fire-eaters, and other factions, wh we gro-tesque appellations show that, tn renouncing allegiance to the conpltoity of foreign authority with these deprat the atogosh crown, the Americans have also renounced tors. tnd no dexterously did those freebooters eat: ptosThe reception of Victor Emannel m Palermo was, muchVenetia, and because all foresee that in a few weeks tha ef bio popularity, for the man who did :t coul 1 Italia us will attack bar forces in that province: because all hove been easily hired to do the same for any one. It is fee! that Hcngarv to at tost ready for action, as is evinced well known hero that anything but a good recaption was by the auCacity i f the rebellious acts of her people, and final!v because even in Poland a feeling of agitation,Htttok mf FrmtcttU., ele., rfc.counsellors.allegiance to the Queen's English, snd, among the other the chase of our larger men-of-war, that fi> prerogatives of sovereignty, bevo assumed the privilege desperate experiment of ferreting out their results ha of coining words as well as of coining money. open barge seemed te be the only practicable oauntenhRussia is, an all Europe now knows, better prepared for war than she ever was. while In Germany an uneasy feel- The people took the horses from hto carriage, tug is demuvtnt. Why is all this* Because Austria will it themselves to the palace. Thiols no evi not liBten to aay proposals sa to the sale or c«wion of00 the surprise of every one here, very cordial mat enthn-many; her German territories had not even the phantomof representative institutions which the Ihet allow, 1 to The strt ggle, which Was virtually decided on the 8th to their stratagem-. and the only plan of retching aaaP a r i sO u rI believe rbia count il cc>nsi.>is of twenty Cv.^ roamb<-ra. Tta Great fmmn Preparing for a Struggle— WarWce Move- trade and greater general happiness. The Frenchman••In the muHit-ide of • our.scllors is wisdom' appears to ho theOiOtto of the government.with speak of it cheeringly, and seem to augur a brisk aitnU—"t*t Iron Otued Frigates—IK*. Jteeelstftonory Ele is always enthusiastic, on the subject of the moment,to have got frightened at her own boldness, and has eversince been anxiously endeavoring to effect a compromise,advising the Chambers in an underhand way not toproceed to extremities, but to accept the outraged cmstitution on condition that it should be revised on thebasis of the charter of 1831, Inserting such paragraphsof the latter as were not opposed to the regulations pre-tereet—whether that Interest be of proprietorship or cul-tivation—congenial with stationary, or retrogressive po-litical doctrine and erroneous economical principles. Theassociation, however, ia our minds, is only one of habit;the connection, in reality, is merely an accident. Wehave only to cross the Atlantic to find this out. The against the enemy's torasion by water during the sn>tsaw no croud. I leaily thought there was a Vroj). m> atarthhkwere the explosions. I noticed, hiwever , that BOTWWlhO! sm ware illtwHrsatei1. I went toinctuj'c atomsad isnnssd that the Kiog returned to-day from StcUy. aud buice the illominatian; and thit this erenmg to held the - Feast of Madonna,M and hence the «rpii.- atoaa. All riaht.ef Aerc^avO, <rc., mt*J\ Is evKant that the great Powers Bf Europe are pre-merit* of brotherly love and union between the, two grand Powers of the earth.planters of the Southern States—the nearest approach to our own country gentlemen which American society preeeatr—are not only ardent free traders but ex-mer, und watching against his approach apon the iorh winter, to destroy our vesaefe* harbored at Vergt-uaet. 1 was st hto post. en board the Saratoga, on the anemornst o r r e s p o w . d e n e e .PAHB, Dee. U, 1800.constitutional rights, and even withdraw teg her ambassa- In the British Isles we habitually, and often rather con-dor at the Court of the Fleeter on finding that ho obsti- temptuously, associate, the ideas of conservatism snd ofnately refused to listen to her admonitions, she appears protect ton to native industry with agriculture. In the nature ef things, there seems something ia the landed inS n o o C i i n , . P. M. it^itf ««• la- CoJ*tfleu*—Power qf XapUeom W—Ike whether it be |>cace or war, commerce or glory, and Just WhM&t locking over one ot the papers of thia K>ruing Jfesrtcdr Begging HU AU—UU Italian Policy—Tie now it is no uncommon thing to hear from lips, that a1 heard a most treuieadoc* ar.tl coutrcued report. r e p * i t « few months ago were loud in their denunciations against for about a u r ite. 1 ran to tha termor, ccc ' ni.A Ct-r/y* CircusHW'sd—Gai-ibaldi's Movement—; with my room, and looked down into the street. HtttHk qf fA* Emprm—Th* Turkish Lotm—Pmrumn View the eternal perndy of England, admirable eulogies on theplain. With this fleet he continued guarding our fwafitofT^rkOT promtoss to pay will ever be forthooming, tsB t » ^ i » T C > t , than Mr. Mirea cares or knows. We heartbaTifraiSK has negotiated^akuit Vtotma^adttat present In Italy, whether maatoly or aot, thaw wfll forces* then) to put up with little O w — princes. was the father of seven children, th*,make loans as fsst as possible, asere toaffbewn And it iajfar fiat Allied armies 10 keep l •atom of a hard natter to get advanoee made to ban. Won-•'-r what he gave for security for the loanjia* made atThe Moeimmto of Genoa relates the following curiousanecdote>-"When Garibaldi arrived at Caprerahs wasnttatiMhad to find the appearance of the island quitechanged. Instead of the stony desert he had left, he sawbefore him well cultivated fields and beautiful ptanta t proceeded was called toto action. He tions, with shady groves and spacious avenues. It looked revolutionary army through threelet' ef she people. This * soother very unpopular mors of wm be another potentate, and that aot a petty Greek, that the government does not contemplate making any Jews at thfer annual Passover feast drtofc to "the nextas lujiiw were wiuwrawn m eoaeeqoenee or tae ssenaeespapers speak of atoan that Franco to soon to This Is a mistake. I am assured on good authorityand lieroism which serve to eroaae the people, aad at thegovernment—rerairtag tha archbishop • and hence, Portuguese, Belgian. Uctnnjto King or Mecklenburg Stro riftatandicg the, measure^ taken to restrain thetht people,under theveryeyessf the lit*,hptonerulingnearlyhah*thehumanrace,underth? put*.-", assemble frooueu near ths palace of theevent:—He said that after Borgoyne'sGates invited him aad ether British <him aad hto fairs. During thevery cheerfal aad jlnaant.or at anna, ana tiaitato n a ntwins* enrdtaal, cry tog,' with the masks:" .1a'asy>last tester I assaatonedtbewa aecouut of the demonstrationsahem. Notwithstanding ths luierdjct of thsthe Theatre N uova opened aa uanal, sad«rand ovation for Garibsfdl, whieb oontinc .country, the whole country, sad nothing hot the bad br Her keep upa"ctote sivf WawUy alliancefurther surprised when, Instead of hto humble cottage,an elegant viQastood before him. on entering whtoh themystery was soon explained, for, to! onthe wallsof a toew « h Janaa, your stodf sa haw. and oasdto wstathnwa to ths vsoattott who t gov tmmeat saa ours can snace nanus round that skte ofPARIS, Dse^ 14,1800. Seturw sfOto Etopreat to Parto--Aaf»rtaace ef Btcr MiMimli.Bt it falls Into the hands of Italy it may, like a sucked orange, be worthless. .- „ At Gaeta the siege by land drags Its weary lengthThe snail bland of Caprera, to which Gari- near the British officer, and Gates inquired the teats a baldi bat retired, to situated on the northern it. Hto ofltoer explained—"General Gates, Cm i g itMs Gartbsidun hmyss,n,sad cries of -'Vrva C Omldi, wo wtob GartbahJ^" *xi " 6« ont of Italy, f#bot,oh strangers,'' ware rei•and the ptoadiu unwanted alsnort to frsosy. At the ^ - . abe*u«, un Wednesday alght of this week, there was aaasse esowd, and, aa usnai, the hymn was called for at the<md of the opera, when a person cried out from one offha bones, •• I have written ia a moment some stanass;do yoa wish them road V of course the response wasbavorahle, and the poet, with a voice of emotion, recited that consigns the poor pretender to Borne, where, of totoTerses. They were to homage ef the hero-exila of course, be tan still protend to be opposed to lungloan. _. _. The Parisians better acqtiainted with American affairs apeaial protection of Mr. John BulL Do yon aot thuik say that South Carolina wants to secede, not because she rearstarbarslaves,butbecauseshewouldlike to profit by the trade that would eome to her inoaae of dtounion,year In Jerusalem," so the Garibaldien (aad that means every one of the middle and tower classes in Italy) drinks to the "next spring for Rome aad Venice."Austria is doing all she can to hasten the extinction of her power to Venetia. A deep gloom hangs over Venice. Exactions, proscriptions and cruelty all serv£ to drain theas if a magtotoa bad been there and struck the Islandwith his wand, bidding nature forthwith to lavish her t o i m . He was present at the surrender of treasures on this chosen spot. But the General was still . nd aaed often to relate tha following<€apri'ra, in the name of Italy, lamenting that toe country VFctur Fmanuel. Your proposition is correct, that no The royal divertissement is almost a reckaufe Of the the people seek for a leader to a man sprung from the ef the herowas sotd to strange rulers: bewailing his exile place to Italy to the fit and proper one for the capital of Prince of Wales'visit to the United States, and the eon people. Garibaldi on hit island hat at the present mo- •aaw-tbe uyusttce of the government tuwsrds bim, and re the entire cor.atry except Rome itself. The only objeo- sequences bid fair to be scarcely less imporUnt. How ment more real power hi Italy than Victor Emanationalthough rather smaller than the former, to nevertheless more Important from its military and maritime position. from the safe port which It hat on the east, and from its town and the fort which defends it. The turftoe is moun- tainous snd volcanic. Grapes are grown, and the wild goats, whtoh gave it its name, are still very numerous.CtoaaP'our great men of the past two generations—^ ^ i k n Aberdeen' '—lias just departed this life*. Born about the same time as Clay, Oalnoun, Webster and Van Buren, he has seen and assisted at more political changesLieut. W. 6 . Dozicr hat returned home to resign hto yon sold* 10,000 tost year; and what did yoa get?psaccably, but on approaching the palaasoofthe National Guard put the ttnishingtosch jadfcWdemon thaa tall to theJot of most mortals. Commencing p hlic ment are but synonymous terms. Here it to, as In the Warley will also resign.atration by tbreatenlog aa arrest.CaanaaaTi•- uunet;es ' rsJians as fast aereadF, •re being pro-life more than fifty years ago, ha has liiieu every grado of office under the Crown, up to the highest, baing the First Lord of the Treasury »t that most important period, tha war to the Crimea. A leading journal soma up his career by contrasting him with Peel:—' The one a states- man continually inconsistent, and always successful;a while since they might do. ltog issucli portant crises identified with misfortune and failure."days of Louis XIV., 1,'JEtat e'est mti—and If aw« is pleased, mot, with 600,000 troops and a navy in propor- t ion, the State or people is quiescent.To leave metaphor, and speaks plain English, it is very certain that the Emperor has been sensibly aabcted by the hearty good will exhibited by the English towards the Em- press. A gentleman who assisted at the dinner at the fuiler ics on the Empress' return Informs mo that the Kmperor was loud in his expressions of gratitude, and said that when so much kid been done to prejudice theOar Berlin Correspondence. Brora, Dec. 12, 1800.'le. Severs!n ^ j j * - " ^Hette Camel Reject* ike Hettian Charter—AtMtude of Prut- one dollar's worth of cotton every year from every one tia—Auttrian Influence with the Qsrmmn Primcti—Dij/l- of my people. My chiefs will took to It; the chief who__ Bkittob tegtoa,, will not remain herelive or Six ban-, as it watt the other a statesman always consistent, bat in two im-has one thousand people will make them bring to Whydah ndrter Encountered by the Prussian Government The one thousand dollars" worth of cotton. AH the rest y>uthe government ft not^aastona to i ia aay manner, probably n*ia the regular army. The at court, and they todGan A man of great good sense, highly learned, and loving incor- learning for learning's sake, he has done great good in are not eminent positions that can only be filled in this countrylargely toto the production of the "Yellow Prustian Police—Primes Limit of Hette Darmttadt, 4c can bring and sell for yourselves. And so you may all literature," once to popular. Sea storiesa kinder or more courteous man. Always ready to oblige and befriend others, he seemed to think it incumbent on a man born to power, title and wealth to work morewould make so much money for him.Majesty Badahung—For every 100 lbs. of good deanhis province, and of the number of deputies|s ectif led to send to the national Parliament, and do more for the good of hi" fellows than persons in press had found the country bristling with bayonets,cotton we will give you, at Whydah, eight dollars. Iaktegivesa population of ll~.",b.2£, which al- more humble position. 1 have heard him say tw Ambas-which had no other object than—under certain contingen- cies—the life blood of Frenchmen, not m sound had res. hed the elir of the Empress and her suite but that of friendly welcome and unbounded good will. M. 1'er- Bigny, who was present, took up the theme, and the first banquet that graced the Empress' return may fairly be termed an English ovation.In fact. the close of the year I860 sounds like the knell of war's alarms. England, France and Russia have coun- selled the young King of Naples that enough has been done for his houor. and that in yielding now he will Only fall in the face of uncontrollable circumstances. Advice from such parties Is a command, and Francis 11 has only to say— To hear is to obey." Then there to the Anglo- Frencb treaty, which, after all the criticism its authors have been exposed to, to being very' well received by both countries. In France all the commercial men I meetkunured and foriy-iour deputies, being one toinhabitants. The Naples district has 011.000sador ever came to this Court from America during the last forty years who did not li\ e on teems of intimacy and friendship with him. I have known him, while chair-near 200,009 dollars a year; .we would show you how thi* may soon pe 400,000, and In a abort time 1,000,000 dollars a year.Well, and besides such signs of the timet we have also paring for a coming straggle. As I said in my last letter, the recent liberal movements of the government. Youscribed by the federal Diet. Of coarse this conduct on treme democrats. The manufacturers and merchants 11th of September, 1814. when the British sqadren bethe part of a government from whom they had looked of the Notts, whom we should expect to find bearing down upon Commodore Mcltonoogh to Platuburg by tome political analogy to the Manchester School, During the engagement on this day Mtosbtomaa Be for sympathy and encouragement must have been ex- are repablirans (which is the American for conservatives) acted to the capacity of Commodore's AM. His anty,aE&glsnd to arming ia the most formid-ble manner the ports of Corfu aad Malta, while tha already impregnable fortrt&s of Gib/altar to being rendered doubly so by re- placing the heavy cannon* that lined its ramparts with Armstrong guns of a calibre that surpasses what we have hitherto regarded as the most formidable weapoao of de-will see in your files of the English papers ouch copiousextracts from the French journals concerning the relativestate of the press la England and Franco- the conse-tremely disheartening to the Hessians, and they deserve and protection;.- ts. The cause of this odd reversal of what cerdingly, required him to pass repeatedly thrown fit line of contending fleets. The fire of the enemy w«s 1Mae telegraph of to-day brings aews of the suspensionof the Philadelphia, Baltimore and other banks. In Urnwords of an addrees to the Italians, which I purchasedto a cent in the street, entitled To-day and Tutmorsoar,'-'•Whereareyon(we),aadwherearcyou,wo)struction.Austriahasdoneallthatooldbedone,gMC&g:" here aad there; b>th in a dreadful condition. snd Is now en a war footing such *m most inevitably that to common fairness it can reasonably expect. Thisanticipated. Since his departure there hart boon several of revolutionary ardor, to awakened. Liberty and pro- duce some negotiations regarding Venetia, the Italianfrom Gaeu. This is true. His war vessels thai have re- riage, which I briefly noticed in my last, to still a mys-mained thus long at that last refuge of Francis IT. tery ; but the prevailing opinion is that the object of itare saan to leave. They remained at Gaeta to was not robbery, but revenge. Some ticket of leavetotally unexpf cted—ccder the auspices of the instead ol the HoLenzellei ns.Mamburanes'ord the yeaag Ktof-a sure protection in case of need, Abasftir of despatches reached Gaota yes- a refuge for hto (entity in oase of danger. But he ab used It to said that be edvians Fra tbe favor, and having )>egged of the Emperor Napoleon id "laugh the siege to that tha vewels Of the French squadron might nn... •: at yesterday. Iu« hngitoh brt- Gaeta for the purpose above named, be made a false use ofwhatwatintendedas a mere protection for himself end hto family, and rbpreaented to the Courts of Europecriminal is supposed to have effected a long brooded scheme of a^sASsinstfbn on the person of the judge who bad condemned him. It appears that If. Poinsot bad no property about him of any consideration. If such a dime should contrive to escape the vigilance of a police liketheFrench,itwillboaheavy-blowaaddiscourag•- meat to society in general; but this is not expected. In France preliminary measures are always taken with c l o s e d d o o r s : n o r e p o r t s , n o e a v e s d r o p p i n g ! m a k i n g t h o i rThe health of King Francis, which was very bau,.--;4baabeendetained.*fewday«.br<t to "^ 'oldserestolight,andtheministryareaghastatthedisclo-sure and Oat teri ible suction it has created. There ap tionare net always easily convertible into acta of l g- ibesntes «t MMntics that had M-orrrcd «w e * • »that France waa more an ally than a protectress. Tirede f a l l t a a a t o a a a a t o t a a . t h a n a v a l f o r c e s o f F r a n c e a r e t obe withdrawn from Cacto- and Fraaoto IL muafc.get away way to the public ear from time to time, as in the road from there as best he can. He will, I do not doubt, endeavor to hold out until spring, as then, be knows, theBtroggJe between Italy and Austria must begin, and ineaaeTwatotasucceeds,heitsuretoregainhtokingdom.peats to be a cjn piete tpiit in theCabinet:M. Simons, the Si m i s t e r o f J u a f t c e , h a s a t l e n g t h t h o u g h t p r o p e r t o r e - tire frcm office, which he hat filled a good deal too longtotton. What Mr. Lteeeta thinks aad desires wo know, rendered the Mfbwevsof ib«ce*p« urrur«e«a t>Aw a n d h e h a s f r a n k l y d e c l a r e d . - W h a t h « w i l l b e a b l e t o d o , • u l l s i t r c * ' . r ^ r . n e i * . , _ . in the fsco •t many obstacles, is a difierent martIT We After sulf '•"loT.t s?rv -vsas !.#«tenait i th' V a g i only km w what the tendency of his admtototnMon will fcccm iqt-ionn, he. was to 1E» acting «• c»einP|'IkejTagrdkGortr*»int— ihwiTirMHIr-Wf'" 1*""1*"r*ft"tawt"!np tcaA again has aJue'ge«adjuryof-htocountry.ottheInteri«i.CountSohwerin,were to{bUowhwexample. Hois a well meaning man, but,although aptcreatedlibera),hasnottheslightestnottoaofcoastitutional government, red hto pig headed obstinacy andbureaucratic conceit have rendered him obnoxious evenin u country where these qualities are typical of thefiim-tkaary class. As to the President of Police, Baron'/rohtz,be is not likely tn be removed for the present, r seat brfJtrroB, ef Can unfan Iv>cghoregan manor—andtlttthcfJ>rewbeiithemag;zincofthtosbip«x»jn»;l rtheannouncedbisArmdeterminationofattackingAustria as well as of atotof hhatfaay. Kothtof can save the im- peadtog war but the cenital of Venetia by Austria, and even then 1 doubt that war would be averled, as Hungaryaclerktoabarrister. Afterwards becoming himself an advocate, he had for his clients the family of Caeitnir Ferrer, one of the ministers of Charles X. He had been upwards of thirty years in the magistracy. His funeral took place on Saturday last at the church of St. Loua d'Antin, which waa far too small to contain the number ef persons anxious to be pre-^wtlec<ra»<f h-j>jawUrokta,IwhhosaJ.-uu'P-^I 1wfO surely riot. '•' *•$>Tea Tens or Cti-uunt Caaaou —Mrs. Anna H. Dorsev writing frcm Euirott sMJBs, thus describes tha ancientt u b i*4i. if* !.. 1.•••» limbs, snd ooa*»*aM blittsnir ledy.hieMJir.. il-caicei»v-t»e.-hwa*-v.» a.. Mteni ntmA^tt •* ilscaT'.eoto Vctutcd H.e• A«n*v-v;iw«4Mste*. 6»odt.ii Mf*»n.Tw- v i r k i l aastteparted'iMfloaRtbeO'sat- -- *- more M.doPersiguy29•and all men of food r A liagrhi t of hto •yoa.**»—...-,. Hto Imperial Highness was but to nothing" A love of the society of vicious wo- nowoaotoBj announced, to the eldest r-—atourtoItaly,batreceivedhiscousin's menhadpjtbertobeen&~o*iy"owaWaney. »eretoWms i she has the only feaeiWejort for a great trade, vis:Charleston. Ioonfosal think thftin this instagtoe the said tothertotoftnnt " * » see, when ParMans are about right. South Carolina wlUI eat thelarge hall there hung the portrait of hit friend VictorEmanuel, who had tamed hto absence to account Gates eat st the head or the table, and Burgoyne space*with us, who are, as yon sse, daily getI the globe as well as across the Atlantic. ,ho. are in excel*, who was absent for a few pavedwinthn %ood intentions. He holds to everything, Blster to the Princess Frederick William of- , and quite as uncongenial. Parte will be • w»w«,Owing to the great number of stranger* city—more, it to said, than was ever before knownOnwoa, Deo. 10,1M0.Ajfairt in hoi?—Movement* e/flto gaifbaTJeaai and Feateo-ras SUge o/ Oaota—CtopHttaat ^BtertoM with GartoOM-An Amtricmin ltdff) rfc., rfc.rendezvous at Amiens, and at half-past six o'clock P. M. she yesterday reached the TuHeries.1 Mwould atom to be true of nations. It will awed a quar- ter of a century's angry words to obliterate the sweet impression made on the English mind by the enthusiasticSumner, Burlingamc, Yancey, Garrison, Wtos.ojc? You thus would gain peace at home and serve the cause of liberty abroad.slave trade. The following are the principal passages— MAJXSTV RUMHOIU—The great English nation to veryThey are very bad. Yon might be a great king; but a> eaoakaorabie number of prteets called on Ferrigni, the opposed to to. l i t fact i-s many of the greatmeuarv>uuu welcome given by the people of America to England'6 heir a few days for Spezzia, and return to Genoa to whiter. what you do will not make you a great king. You dociMor ot Worship, requesting another chaplain in him are very small men, and small men are always of the preHout ordinary, who persecute 1 them on afraid of the light of public opinion. Give Loais Napoleon ant of thoir liberal principles and support of the go- fifteen yoail Snail life, and kYance and the Napoleon dy- . of the IHetator sad of Victor Aaanasi. Ferrigni nasty t i e Oithatanade or marred lor centuries to come. would not gtve them a bearing, but sent them back to It wlB take that length of time to consolidate all his plansThe Iroquois, on her passage from Spetxia to this port,apparent. I will not go so far as to say that the reception ran upon a rock, and will have to go into dock to be over- very much harm for a very little money. To be a great which has Just been bestowed on the Empress of the hauled. Some cases of smallpox have occurred on board king you should do much good, and make it give you athe* ordinary. At s tote hour of the evening of the same day taoee than a hundred ecctosisBttos collectedthe windows of the Councillor, crying "V'ivsGariVictor Emanuel.'' After this they proceededFrench will have a similar effect on the French people.The cases are totally dissimilar, but the conse-pienoe*may possibly be not unlike. In America it'it an imperialpeople that stamps all political acts with Us will jmd commission, because he thinks that South Carolina, hto $50,000. How many bad things hare been thusnative State, will require the service of all her sons. seal; bonce a conciliated people and an amicable govern- Should South Carolina secede, Capt. Ingraham and Lieut.done for so little money. Yoa are the king of a great many people. Yen may make much money, and your people too. Do not take them to war, what a great many die. But say to them, "Get cotton, bring me cot- ton." Say to them, "One hundred and fifty thousand of you call me your king. l a m your king. I most havequence of M. Perstgny'a very admirable essay on thethe more credit for having remained unshaken in their seems to the British mind almost a law ef nature, is, to rected upon his open boat whenever the lifting cioudMsubject—that it is only necessary for me to give you aresolution under such adverse circumstances; but to part, to be found to the simple fact th a the planters, grow* t-moke exposed hto open boat to view. Our fellow tone ing their cotton and tobacco for exportation, and their in- man, E- R. Cobb, Esq.. who was to that action, a*summary of what, aa far as 1 have been able to gatherA period of inactivity la poUUaoJ movements exists atto fhTiforoto. and in the oyster wad grre the rest of tha Southern States the shells. life's blood from that unheOTprevtJ^.eo that when at In order to prepare this surprise for hira.'" him. There was tome laughter smnagtl those sestetcoast of Sardinia, towards the eastern entrance of the Ton-may make up your minds to a toag military occu toScrtatui-Cvrdialit!/of theJBngiuh Peorkr-OratAude, along. Francis U., with moto-llke ohattoaoy,refutesto Straits ef Bonifacio, by the tide of the He de Maddetona,Burgoyne says he would rather take yoa for aa eat \ than a sotdtor. ' " Ah !" replied Gates, -does her perhaps I ant aa old woman—1 delivered b i n 10,000 man.'' The following totter,writtenn a n in September tost, !a reply to the tovtt Governor Banks aad nthert*, thews that the' toatary hod not dimmed his facnlttot nor I enjoyment of life:—patku) ofthe Britisha Italy are steadily progress tog. Victor Ema-OonceuUm to ths Frenchevacuate, tad it may be months before that stronghold fulls.Meanwhile Victor Emanuel has his bands full at homo, and it requires all the Influence of LoUls Napoleon—ex-aad almost opposite the southern point of the Island of Corsica. It to somewhat tost than six miles in length from north to south, and about two in breadth. It livery fertile In wheat, and derives its name from the number ofAfbtrrai•of ike Emperor—The ImperialPres*—The Assaminatiun of M. Poinsot, <at>, de.The Empress is once more at-home in the palace of thermel has returned froth Stofj, where he was received with a perfect furor of esthuatosm.m t aln 0«?*>ettlfssesses only the head of the people, while Garibaldi has founded with another island, called Cap/are, the .EgtlSon,their heart. The old republican spirit of Italy, which has or capraria, whtoh lies to the east of Cape Corse, to the slumbered for two thousand years, it again awake, and northwest of Elba, aad opposite Ptombino. the latter,AerOn, Me., Sept. mMr. H. P. Banks, Mr. F. W. Iineoln, ir., aad otWm"»» ton:-1 have received your kind tavttattoa to vtoH iteaa and I thank you for the honor you do me. When I heart a ibe American army at tb*e» of eighteen I did net N MI should five to be KM, aad^be acted by tae GuvenasrsslMayor aad other dlsUnguUbed people to vtoH Bestaa |strange that out ofall who were at Bunker BUI I ttoashould[b1ehvtog. It appears to me, though so lont ago, as?Garibaldi for their undaunted courage. When they could not find an enemy to fight theyfought amongthem- selves. They are confident that the campaign will re- open to the spring, and Garibaldi wants an American legion of 90,000. Would it aot be a good plan to compose that legion of equal parts of fire-eaters and Northernitt __The United States flagship Richmond will leave here in sad. It does not like yonr ways, they are not good.the Iroquois, but none have resulted fatally. great deal or money. You make war, that you may takeThe Fnited States ships Susquehanna and Release are at slaves aad sell them. Aad a great many of your own Spezzia. people are killed. This is very bad. We are told thatThe Chambers of Hesse Caseel have done their duty gat rich—you may all get many dollars-"Majesty Badahung—Do you not know what the tradersand given a great example to the Legislative Assemblies buy stoves of you for? To grow cotton and sugar. YoutpeetoMty. "Lafitte. the Pirate of the Gulf," • * * * ' " *** "^"ffl** feather,; and mstojit. is the general opinion, which it, in brief, this: That thepressofFrancehatconcededtoJtatthitmomentallPrussiaherselfithasbeenInjuriousinamuchhigherde-terestinbuyingEnglishandEuropeanhardwaresandfab-thatLardPreventsurveyedthaactionfinmurder of i scent English notoriety, but a swift, search- ing, penetrating process to going on nevertheless, far away from the public ken, the result of which will b • onlyknownwhentheaccusedstandsfacetofacebeforefor his own reputctton and for the welfare of the cuun-try: and I should not be much surprised if the Minister be. That ttndrncy may be thwarted and revers d .r.crrettl« 11 ttedr"t««»idwp Fulton*. i?stn ;VThe bochHcllerg shops are full of publications hearing on event* of the day, moral not lest ton f rtiticai. Aanehgethcrs toeae.«• the manners of France in 18«0 ascompared with such at formerly cbsjaejtori ad the• ' aattoa. The ptotsre-aad feaW^M rapid the bank oato aunt suppose it a faith-ful oae—to not complimentary, the gay, : witty „7,to vincVate himt-olf, i n n the charge of misipplying thefunds voted for tte"-i<organisation of the army, but tomake fresh c«mas£s uprn the national pocket for militaryI..ij-»«-tiivdmiUl«>,coaetdefenoetJU>dWBataot. ftis.ffiiined that the sum required, in addition to tost year s will, bek to be raised withouty no one can pototoly It ».., — ttken for^granted that < nee w.cre iejected by the nobles,uisfbran increase in thSi Crhto on prmriple to bearkttthcict* impcirtdhg it. *"« at htowtt's ead»atoi»* beln-li.vcd fiom the tack ot dafebe pteretry ooadtame; bat-, is t«o netful a i ' iWtfi'itf to-sfjhgeffstos: issHrtogto ha wM"-»*ity i<f''«itg*iFc stormhu< get is sure to exciteweird beiag 'I" praartaro HTS t .timet U}>"t«t bird. -Bto wile. wbfM*' »t bis stde while dm veit'y wcrr.i cd.j.tVbM. 1 tart «ov«^»bd iba "tal to, ire Bcr. t bar«? P. Halt. tLen a J*d ef *«I -s4 11 hto left, i ver wi «-m* waiter «MS ie»£isof-ftetgrowhnitoilwJVMaVkat.sew fie baa succeeded to the teatbefa^^- _ _Untitled Documentandof Ma- father. Hto•I... w this are seme figures in bac>o rtiiem. representing Tt n e with ir. verted torch, and History guarding a funeral inn. The ch*pel» cruciform, and eontetoanhandsom» maibte altar, seme fine old picture*, a good organ, and is deaeaated with i u h and beautiful windowsof stataod glass. The fiear ef the t « o wtore of the enapel are elevated to a level with the floor ef the sanctuary, and contain *mi- fourteen or sateen pews, Which are eccttpted during the .« , lot* r*n mebHa by the fbtotty ** htosOarroll and thtH tiltods Hto body of the Chart-it to jafvedwitbhit. enormous 4 bVi. 1, tnd rtntep#b«trt ftrty eemtabdiecs | Prussian House of Deputies I 1 .ttov^s, whorre carefully taBtrtTfted 2abwisarctonrcess m ta ttay *«•*pj>oed it ih .hi atibcXi;vyB<ckTarr'. Be then er*f* to fi*? V^lestuppesed t« W tffw»Vfiad raonrnirei h.« io< fcifd h*> crsvst aad ^ppeaM hi tne C«.«ri f' i' •:give htos«l*rcr f»f fcafh, for Hie wa.-»My Ite -urgwnfr m-e*. »«u«l th*CQn.mr»dere trJ ^v* jir nrxtton. N%/tBJ »H-J t *4n i od> that cn'A * led as that < f ihe F» * "•» was > ver Twini r ii * lip J.vtep •» the^pDtM.m'i a c ni(*i >O with rrvw'o^ate i ijavt ii; .tot W-rt tV-s»e»i mliit'S I «*"iwwt* *>| 1 •» l> ••' lher«v»g*oi tt.i». nai!> r^afnriaetrrteft."*' dtoar rtnwnt an»» fhto Aat inver fib***, hisexist to the other States, and the people, accustomed to regard her ss the natural enemy of freedom, turned involuntarily to Prussia ss the only quarter from whence nn impiovenu-ut in their condition could be hoped for. At present, however, the Cabinet of Vienna have difcovered that the system of absolutism is. no longer tenable; they have been obliged to restore the ancient constitution of Hungary, and to gran, extensive concessions to their other provinces; there to even some talk of their repealing the odious concordat, and they may have arrived at the conclusion that the most effec- tual way of reviving and confirming their iuuuenco In Germany would be by commencing the initiative in mea- sure! of reform, as they formerly did in introducing oppression, ihe authority of the Imperial Court is still so pi edomtnant among the Utile German princes that a single word from Vienna would suffice to bring the Fleeter of Ibsse to teimt, and to make him concede what he has denied to the lukewarm remonstrances of Frusta, the prayers of his people, and the una- nimous voice of public opinion throughout Germany. It may be imagined wliat an effect such a course would have upon the liberal party, who are already disgusted a* UJO terjiversatxns ot Prussia: m fact, it woukrlead to a complete revolution m popular feeling, and if the schema adverted to In my List report were carried not, and a new regime under a new Emperor established in ihatrla the dream of Gernmny unity might b,: realised tea mannerof November last, is erroneously conceited, if it is to their biding place. This was aoooiupitebed with get lookedat vaguely:sa a coatost heiweeu republicans and personsl baxard and hardship. For tea dayshedcpaaH democrats, between the North and South, between the for his own subsistence and that of his crew ..pots fi opponents and the supporters or slavery. The Issue corn gnawed from the dry cobs. He paiwasd a pitIn the .Internal administration of tha kingdom, thePrussian government arc beset with difficulties that evi-dently disti i.et theii attention in a great measure from af-fairs of foreign policy. IhejarocctSleiber has brcaghtall thei* wit*, t ---,-—tctrarV«nefc I n >!•***• ga»h«s, wkiob * a « « Be n.w l i s iaU «r. wrtb^th^Mttoi*!' # «-«»c»'«' *> tL« 1 oil. m ** tie In it ft :1 ejaeeyad «iem t« «^:bly delighted at the ofhe?favoritesister.Cotton More Profitable than Curious Appeal to tne Kins; ofbridge the day before the battto Oh. I i w u a ter ~The African Aid Society has sent a curious totter to theserved wfith thes army through three tcampefenA, aadwasWsent and on guard when Burgoyne sui on guard when Bnrpoyme surrendered. IdeattotoIdeservreany•spedal]pratiasefortaepartItookintoeBeesb ttoa, Ifeltanilactedonlyasethesrs. *Ireest'v TM my pension of fitl and tbceata-though I bare to |lawyer fn Portland to get It for me. I have maay comfort me as I journey along through Ufr 'the merclea I am surrounded with. T s t o tkind, toring children, faithful frtoada. daHoly Scriptures and the various institutions of iwhich are designed for our improvement bore, and to |us to dweUtathat better wo. id above. If s kind Prevtoaa spares my fife aod health, you may expect to see n o to H ton about the 6th of CK-tober. Your friend,BALPH FABNBA& DEATH OF PBOFEBSOB IF0BAHAM.We bare received Intelligence of the decease, rcon% st Holly Springs. Mississippi, of Rev. Jonnw B.•An, a writer whose books have met with a readMr. Ingraham was bora to Portland,at an early age went to Mississippi as a teacher, lahe published hto first book, 'The Southwest by aken." Into proving successful. Mr. IngrahamWe have said itLet us know what you will do.An Irlali View of tine American Crisis. [From the Northern Whig. Belfast, Dec 12.]ously resists, the oontinuance of protection for domesticmanufactures. The democratic leanings of the slave-holders must be sought for in the causes which, from thebeginning of society, have always led democracy and das-,potism—which are, indeed, but twe forms of the one prin- for a fartoogb, for the put pose of vopaghag to the fit ciple,that''might-isright"—tomakecomaaaacause. Indiec,insuchacapacitythathemightacoomp.iHhMtwhtth was then tried was by no meant so simple In .cboo&irg Mr. Lincoln—as they have virtually, though not fot mally, d« n<—the citixens of the Union made election between as many conflicting shades of policy as therecruiser into the harbor of a town hidden away to a Ihe Alcalde professed toreceive him with erery"ty. while the robbers were screened and the wualtlWhatever his success ia a taskof utmost unparanoje.ui :i. catty,thasympathiesofallreallyfree,dvBtoedi Chrfettoa commantobsare withh-.m.snd am wtorrg tf'ir »t Prooklyu Ssvy Vard. la ih* ea'«*4refite«Godspeed.•?:*vi1c rccf'T't* I••.' ir t Wry*** I** wy w*trte* * T Jhie hmb. Ihe JWtnlcn it dfetart about fifteen milesfrom Baluaer. .—Entering the gateway we drove throughanobleavenue,plantedonestsidewith.treatof every ririiginUo.*l.bi. /awingthe|*tjw«*U-tt. variety of kind aad foliage, which ten years bene will be bagv.tatt'd : tatts >-f»> »l«. »;./- k Re*, w to their prhv.c, cad toon f o n d ourselves to front of theCan oil mansicn, whtoh tsatong. comfortable twe storyl * h S f c | ? » h n i c d at the north and by thaihandsomeeft ih^rwSch hasi bwcntofemeoa at the repository of thertn etas of the raatoat old signer ef the Declaration of to-ri 11 nd>nce His tenth is aat to the wall an tha left of tha <11 Klori by n titi.'^r i.-itu ^ ap<« his hVad. Ute»l alti r, tnd presents a shield aad scroll ef watte marble. onwli <h to nerved m iclief a pea snd roll of parchment, wtttntdea by jhJrteen start; a Latin inscription.appropr%te to his grtat act, appears on a scroll in the centre. » at be indeediatel} »w • m-d eean, and d;! r..:march after I Ihued-how the lAndever,ColonelAbbottearnseelandsaid: "WeEi_lads,'' and w a t out elder and grog in palls. We get teUnited States ship Horaet, protecting our i nanawi i i i the West Indie*. The moat Tetnarkable «crutee was hto seventy days' expedition toat ata to search of the piratical vessels that hovered ft plunder around the track of our merchantmen. Such toIn 18H-6 he held the comma..0 of the II jg»c ihospaf] rooms arc to be earn, and talent, no matter if what ! t i e not the pluck of their Hessian colleagues; but' it to faith, tK tad kneel.Thomas M.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comTryniski 