 iNEW YORKHERALD, SATURDAY,JANUARY 2 8 , 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.IEWS FROM THE STATE CAPITAL ratet benefit both the n r ^ w «»J-^—— . . producer and euusuaaer. and theton-T;]toebailer allttuaptatoiacruasetheprioeby Htan<ll*iCmaiatttati RepartInn;—TneLe- Irgustatiooifoouldheli'icounteneooee. ThestrugglethatHouse for the future introduction of billsA number of bills passed anally m that branch of th elegislature, among wbtcb was that *f the cla.ru of LatherWtight, about which there baa been so much bitterdiarustK/B for the laattwo days. Two or three bills oflocal nature to the city of York Mere also pasted. Infart, ihe House haa done more work this morning than for and watching closely the committee in all their morefor themselves. If, alter such deposits shall hare bwn to promote the advancement of literature and art by estab- paid into the treasury, any person shall claim any portion lishing and maintaining a library, reading-room and gal thereof, either as the original depositor or as his heir or lerv of art. The society has power to purchase and holdany otb«r three days put together.The following communication w a s received from theGovernor by the Senate —STATSor Haw Toaa, KisrorrTe PKeirrartifT )ments as ii determined that they should play no under- haod game.The House has adjourned over until Monday evening, to fire the Select Committee an opportunity to continue theirDr. Charles Bode, who had practised in this colony for nearly half a century, and was formerly surgeon of the HessianGrenadiersduringthewholeoftheRevolutionary war fo America.quainted with the "ins and onto" ef his banishment.Tbe night that the Guatemala left Punta Arenas (the 4thinstant), Colonel Blance,who has always beenawares|r. .Ian.»7,I*), i lnturuuuton boa inat raarbed me that the Ooyenior and Le-al».«ure ut Kentucky aod the f«f icJature of Te&ne*see are i u « u itir>e»ptul or ow» tfy Invitation f> m the l.^ajNlatit'-e 01thaiSlue, Homarkeeandaouaustitlanoccurrencea*the visitfibereprecetitalleeoft»osweretaaStates»toneUrn.' to th»ae ot another, is eatlaaot'y calculated to faster tsjU eoetfty au.i <•!<! nljbhcrt-nod due from the rejiresenUUvesof all the s . , i r i towards ea-a 'Hher I reoommeod that diapeaalnc »i'hil*. •.»iforts*IDsuehcaasn, rouad*ptaeoasqrrentreaolu- !„ , i i' i s the uo- error and the bodies mentioned to ettead u, ^ „.'.'.« taw capital K. O. MOnil AN.lii .. < ortkNK* w i l n &e shore rechmmendation of the ported against, and the report agreed to.to be paid out of the State Treasury, or to order payment j paidHAVAJU, Jan. 19,1860. Stormy Passage tf the Caaaicto—Large Contracts for theImportationofOooUm—TKeInkobUa*ti ofPolynesia tt he Shipped—Ike SUamlug Decatur—Ira&i Reports—right He (Colonel B ) left the steamer in a bungo, to go np the coast, and was furnished with provisions by oneef 'be officers of the Guatemala When tearing, President MorasaidtoColonelBlanco,«'Youhavenowyourdestiny in your own bands.'' or words to that effect.ColonelBlancoIstomeetwtfoPresidentMoraonfoe night of the steamer's reaching Ponta Arenas, and then will come the "tug of war." Tne Americana are gainingTo TM«Saifirn —HJsWYORKLHfcilSLlTURE.there©! by the county where the trial is held.Mr. Jaques' bill relative to District Attorneys, requiresOorrrror t e i u . , , o w l n f resolution h i s been to day adopt eo w i >ui a dtssvciJ1* voice, by both branches of the I«"gl»i*t.rr—Re»•f»!TWthe(^>rentorbeffqaeatedtoextendtothe Gu.-i ft Aid v.en»l»tiu<»iif tie Stiteaof Kentucky and Ten n w r n..»rona viattiothe capital of Ohio aod to (he Oover- !-«•»:1bel^irWlmnre-iftheMateofOnto,acordialimitation I'i -•. i ih».i «a;>iul as the Ruei'a of this Bfcite.The Committee o n Commerce and Navigation bybillto regulatetheratesofwharfageandtheuseof wharves,slipsandpiersinNewYorkandBrooklyn.The Judiciary Committee reported favorably on the hillrelativetocommercialpaperandprotests,also,favorablyHe had cot vet seen the man from the city of New York Mr. Fi-tfnzR introduced such a resolution, and advocated askingTortherepeal ofthe actof1854. Hecould tell ! ttascalculatedtofostera fraternal feeling betweenthe where the bill came from. It purported to come from | Statesthe democrats, but he was told, whilst the committee had< Mr. MAXSOX (rep.) was willing enough to extend the in- itundercousiaeration,thatitmustbereportedbecauseIt vitationifthepolitical morals of the visiters wouldbe waa a republican measure. The whole movement since be ben?fitted by the free air of the Empire State. But hefor, the same as above.The said Clerk of Arrears to retain such fees for hisown use, and to pay the salaries of the search clerks in hisoffice.of the poor for the use of the poor.Section eleventh provides that no liquor shall be soldby any licensed person to any pauper, under penally of ton dollars.improved the appearance of things in that neighborhood very materially. A number of magnificent warehouses and splendid marble front structures are gradually rearing uptheirheads intbe placeof tbedirty, squalidedifices which existed previously, and as fast as finished they ap pear to be eeixed upon aod turned to good account by the merchants. Agoodbusiness isalreadygoingonInsome oftbenewbuildings,andwereitnot fortheunavoidable obstructions from foe bricks and rubbish caused by the pulling down and putting up, Reade and Duane streetswas likely to take place, and to prevent tbe effusion s f blood and carnage, with the advice of hia Mmisters, was abouttoproclaimfoefederationtopacifythepeopleuntil the election and meeting of Congress, when tt could b e determined what kind of government to adopt/ The cen- tral oligarchy, or moneyed aristocracy, being determined on thecentral or despotic power,whereby theycould rule the whole people with a rod of iron, and dissipate the revenue of the country as best suited themselves,in lus opinion, owing to his being the champion of the political questions.rights of the people, and as such.lt would bo well for the Mr. Wiii.t (rep ) also spoke warmly against the coarse Senators to consider before they acted. There were two adopted by Mr. Maxson.parties here, or would be here, asking for railroads—onethe Vookera and the other tha Broadway parallel road.pend from office, for misconduct, any officer not elected by the people, first giving the officer an opportunity to be beard.Mr. MlUiken's bill in relation to aliens, provides that al! resident aliens m ay take, hold and convey real es- tate.Mr. Milliken's bill to incorporate the Trustees of the Pa-keepers and restaurants shall not be allowed to sell or foe City Inspector's office with information that the fourSlvo away any liquor on Sunday, under penalty of twenty- Inspectors of Weights and Measures recently appointed closely confined, and the centralists continue fo theirThey were watching each other, and had all left the Com- mon Touncil a n d would b e b e n fluttering about these halls lie would rather sec railroads laid diwii in every street in New York, even by corrupting the Council, than to see a stain upon the character of the Legislature..-^eaator SesBiw said that if he knew the temper of the I egalaturc this bill would be panned. He could tell them that they would Interfere between Uw factions of Tammany and Mi-tart. He was surprised th s e e t h e Senator from the Sixth district (Mr. Manierre}!become the defender of Mayor Wood. This seemed strange for those coming from to* rural districts, especially to near it from.tbe lips of a republican Senator. They had looked upon Mr. Wood as the most corrupt of all men, and he woult be glad to learn that he was on the penitent stool. This has all sim mered down then to a Tammany and Mozart flght, and he proposed to help Tammany to take power from the hands of Wood and he would tell tjhe Senator that the Legis- lature could .lo it an 1 would do It.The bill to prevent shareholders of incorporated com- panies from voting by proxy was reported favorably; also the bill to enable aliens to' hold real estate; also the bill to compel the attendance of witnesses before Common Councils.The bills to prevent Imprisonment of witnesses, and to allow husbands and wives to testify in all cases, were re- ported adversely.The bills to authorize the city o f Brooklyn to raise o n e million of dollars for the public markets; to amendthe Central Park act; for the appointment of inspectorsand canvassers in New York, and to protect the property In trade a n d earnings of married wjmen, were reported favorably.Among thenotices of bills were the following'—To widen Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn.To incorporate the New York Loan Company.To dispense with notices of protest to endorsers whorochial Fund of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the form a board of excise.^ c a m r Spiuola followed, and discussed t h e measure unt! the hour of aJjournment, this being one of bis p© cuiiar form of tactics to defeat the bill. The expos* of Mr Mar.krrewillbrlcgtheVengeanceofWeeddown upon bun, and henceforth he will b e wiped from theRegency's slate.The Pro Rata committee met at nins o'clock this morn vertising as the Common Council may direct.Irg, to receive further testimony upon this all important question. Those present onbehalfof the petitioners last evening, refused to conclude their charges against the railroads, bat withheld them for the parpose of offering them after the railroads had concluded their remarks, in order that the latter should nave no chance to refute them The railroads, you wiH remember, are here as defendants, and from the nature of things, should hare an opportunity of answering all charges that their opponents will make against them, hut instead of that, the Clinton I eague are to b s allowed the privilefe of making chargesagainst th* road, aftor testimony from that side hassv ''OB*?"1!Mr Brooks, President of the Michigan Central Railroad, was the first witness before the Committee, and m all his xwti^ony msnifestod better knowledge of the railroad TM***c»sns«t and the events that control the traffic upon ^^|"1tees,thananyo«herparsonthathasbeesj ^ ? 5 * Ojnwaittee. His statements oorroborated those l^mteal£!^5^!!«**,1 to UwOn^d Trunk road beta, atinesctSS^SeXjfe£* "»*!ftheUl«W** M1By Mr. Pmrr, to allow the Brooklyn and Jamaica Plank Road Company to lay a double track.By Mr. C. KKLSKT, to prevent the ferectton or unsafe buiUtags, and to give power to examine any buillings already erected in Kings county, and to demolish or re- pair Uwsame if unsafe.By Mr. A. A. MYBXS, to provide for the opening of East Newjfork avenue In Brooklyn.A number of bills, of which abstracts were published yesterday, were Introduced.The Bouse agreed to bald evening sessions on ail ge . nera! order days, commencing next Tuesday. Adjourned till Monday evening.Bills Introduced In tlae Senate. COOTS OPOYSRANT>TERMINER ANDA BOARDOKj , PARDONS. Mr.FierobroughtinabillwhichauthorizesJudgesefCourts of Oyer and Terminer to sentence State prison con- victs such a term of ttme as they shall deem the good of the criminal, and the safety and welfare o f the public d e - mand—not toss than one year. The Inspectors, Wardens and Caaplam shall constitute a Board on Pardons, whose duty It shall be to report monthly to the Executive theof such convicts ss in their judgment a n entitledto a favorable consideration, and the reasons therefor,any ooovict making fall time fsiekness excepted), andobeytogthe rule*and discipline of the prison, without re-prooforpunishmentforonemonth,shallbeentitled,onLis discharge, to one day's earnings In each month, andto one day's commutation of his sentence. Any convict shall appoint a cttisen of New York who sbaSbTa ooun making full time (sickness excepted) and obeying therules and discipline, without punishment for twelve•oaths, snail b s entitled to two days mors of his earn-Insolvent, from debts existing before the passage of the law. Another amendment to this article prevents any preference being given to creditors after the commence- ment of proceedings under the law.Brooklyn City News.DEMOCRATIC PKUUUTKS TO THK CHAKLBXK>N CONVK.YUO.V.~-The Democratic Convention of the Second Oongressionni district met at Montague Hall yesterday afternoon, and or' gamzed by appointing Mr. James Bell, of the Sixth ward,insured for $400 on all his stables and sheds, In the Wall street Insurance Company, but was not Insured on the horses. No Insurance on Mr. Woolly's horse he was valued at $150. The cause of the fins is at present un known.POUTICAL MEETING.—The National Democratic Volun-teers held a regular meeting on the j»fo Inst., at theirheadquarters, European House, No. 767Broadway. Therewas a large attendance A number of gentlemen fromPfnvnl Intelligence.OCS POKTSMOr^H CORRESFONDESC'g.NAVY YAM*, PosrrsMocrn, N. H., Jea. 20.18S*.by placinjt author*^ 1 ,?**? "^nivineratire rates, wasThe Corporation Attorney is to be appointed by the Comptroller, to hold office for four years, or until a suc- cessf or is appointed,and to receive a salary of $S,0CO, pay- able monthly, from the city treasury. ii > *»/Tbe cumber of men employed in the yard ta very Mr. Bumslde, a merchant of New Orleans, who, twen- limited, the whole not exceeding 180. Rumors are cur-1 competing line*, t h e abiiSr* *?do tha has done a w T to k 2 « £live prices than I any n S S w ^ * ^ **rent ef contemplated official changes at this station.For some time past many decided and advantageous Improvements have been going on here, which tbe coming summer will show to much advantage, none more ao, however,thanthosewhich have takenplaceatthe years ago be purchased foe magnificent Houmas estate, marine barracks in this yard. A fine, imposing gateway is in course of erection, military cross roads hare beenl h l n thiscouldnotobtainanyoftae ton^T ^ouidjireveatacy road that had reatnebons^roea«t2J*.*roads could not be opwatod upon at prn^ratoSS £ . were compelled to carry freights from UrnT^!!-.??* certain rates—for instance the BaltimoM audn5?!i?' was much shorter from CiMinnaU to New York taw!!l the New York Central The latter route would liareXThe Board of Commissioners of raxes and Assessments39 ] 4 8 $wtfo some five hundred slaves, from CoL John Preston, the cost of which, with additions o f negroes and lands, exceeded a million o f dollars.wnewvw the the rod toty five years ago, was a dry goods clerk in Virginia, re- ceiving fifty dollars per month, has recently purchased a sugar plantation fo St. James' parish, La., for $500,000. There are some 7,000 or 8,000 acres to foe tract Mr. Burnside'Sslavesnownumberoverathousand Threeren*a *» i»«r»-The Surrogate of New York shall appoint foe Public Administrator, who shall receive the same salary as at present. T»' **a n i>sfreights at diflerent rate*par mile, on account of the ings,andtotw»6ay8BSftro«sm«ntotion,toeach month. iter distance, while the SULuuce would be In (hror a* It makes it th e doty e f each sad every keeper and ma-lfreights from those two points at the same rate per mile. The same would hold true a regard to St. Louis freifhto. H was no wrasmrn thing tor freights tor Oucagoaud St.LjMtlto-ttssovertheirreads,andinthessaasoars. The price r&erred for the fretghto per mile being leas for the £ Loan than^ " S f n S s was fotoad,Oohaabns andOactonasisnilroad: Mr.Philips,of the Boston and Albany road, and one of th* freightof tn« Sndaoa Brer read.Two mors sansssti were sxMsined this nfhWww, who corroborated all that bad been said by former wftV|fitti!, tnlwgaeltor at law of the Supreme Court, as counsel for street openings and assessments, who shall have chargo of and S K * 1 1 ! . 1 ! ! ^ Procec<"n«a in all matters folaUng to opening aiterfojr, ac., streets, avenues, andfowformall the duties now devolving on foe CorporaUon Counsel toAt a preliminary examination or a Rev. Thos. Abbott, a Baptist preacher, of Brae Point, Christian county, IU., charged with inhumanly beating his wife, it appeared, upon the testimony of numerous witnesses, that on thesreach.Assault with intent to killAssault on officers in uncharge of their duties.N NuisancefoirglaryIntoxication In public streetsSailing liquor on SundayKeeping disorder!;. house•o-charged for the term, with the thanks of UseCourt.Saprcme Court—Spec!al Term. Before Hon. Judge Gierke.6CTT A0AIKST A SUKRIFF FOR KSCAFE OP A PRI- 8ONBR,JA». 27—Atnter, Lyman «t On. t*. J t e . a ITOtott, Sheriff—TV*wasanactonbroughtbyMr.J.B.McCunn on behalf of the plainufih, to recover damages against the Sheriff tor the escape of Jacob Cohen from imprisonment After the suit waa brought the derendanfre- arrestedkhouli be tne guide of ah it giflatioa upon Una point, Low(or the interest the*e*>f) LV claim h a s beea made since January 1, I860, ahall, on or before tne 1st dar of Janu* ry,1801,bspaidintothetreasuryoftneStatebythe officers «iffoebanks,to««ther withallinterestordlvita in V e preceding to bustot-t*,the whole capital shallbe pastto and isrestoo in United States or New York StateStock at or above par; or to bond and mortgage on unln-cumberettealtstatewithintheStateolNewYorkworthNEWS FROM THKWE81IBDIESArrivalofill* Karsak-\tT«iis1stCaba nnd tbe Bnhasnns—lrlllttary Officer* from HaytI—Large Coolie Contract*for Cuba—TradeandMoneyMarketRe- ports, &r.The Omard steamship Karnak, Captain Brownies*, from Havanaenthe'10thandNassau,N,P,onthe821 of January, arrtvod at this port at eight o'clock yesterdayAdditional Arams M ew Cfos OCR lAWAMA COKRJtSPONtranei,asruwau. Honsn, PananA, jan \ a. 9f ls#CeUbritietinaOttyHold—AnKngtith LampfoeMb•/ Panama—President MorawOIClamhitflspsst*Cham leaPrtparattornfor(heArugpte—Betterrttlinjto- taard Our CSUaemin Central America—Beyr-t fv eV DeathofOencralLamar,4c KrerythingIsquiethereBOW.The distinguished persons now tavonactag at fort hotot are Bir Wm. Gore Ouseley, late British Minister to Centre* America, with his family, and Juan Rafael Mora, ex Pre sidetit of Costa Rica, with several shales e f his past Pre-,atdential runctons, who joined him on beard fo» Guate- mala ea her last downward trip.SirGOuseleyIsonhiswayheme,hartogsquaredmp his account with Central AmericaMissOeaeleyisnowthereigningbelleefPaaaeu.ana from her sprightly disposition and polished manners to well calculated to win the hearts of the unwary, at pm tant, the is a sweet and amiable young lady.'5percentmore thantheamount loaned,exclusivem gl.lnlnrrInTUIngtheKmturkr.Ohio I*nowgoingonforthetradeatthecountrytoastruggle deadsdu<wCponreceivingthetamethetreasurersnau farmfoiit'Dgs,orinsuchsecuritiesasarereceivedatbetween«taut*. Itisnoemailwarfare Therailroad*ot airetothet>*okofltoersrecetpteforthtsmoseys,mwtosn 11.'ftai.k.Iiepartmtct. Thesecuritiestothefullamount andTtaiiMMLegialatttresto\ihauj-. thisSat*barelav.ateuonehundredandfortymlluoos, Itshallbeslatedthatth.faithofthedteteispWpdw UbetorchedwiihtheComptroller,butwhilethecom Warns Debate e a tlae City ttallroads— the canals ol this Stat* coat forty millions, and indemnity and rave such banksharmless fromall liability papv so dt-pcsiti£g securities shall continue solvent it Th* F.ipotc by Senator Manlerra—Pra ourdonspeUagUseshaveamuchgreateramount,all onaccountofsuchpaymeot Require*thetrusteesofal1 tbalit«atlibertytocollecttheinterestordividendsonRat* t'aannalttea,&c.OC* eTSClAL ALE-INT fttSTATCH.A.U»A*V, Jan. 27,1140. Ourofthepeculiarfeatures of th*legislationoftoday haa been it* reporting of a large number of bills tn bolUcounttry. Imaginetheimportanceofthisfaraat«cstrog-tie. Ha would assure them that It waa t*4 yet decided.Hero wa bare three or four mtiiioai of capita! engage1 IDthis warfare, and well mar yen tremble at the resat. known. Failure to comply with all the requirem-nts of organised under the act in bond and mortgage on tonl eveningatter roads to Chicago franhts They could not get *"* to report monthly to the Board of Pardons, UwSS8SJ6S and insensible woman. Tbe parties have beea married lrom 2 to 8 above sero. ^ *Mr Hawley of the arte road, Iof a paper fastery and stocking it with the nignt tne bouse of Captain Fnrbnr is a—JUI_ ,entering into this great struggle for the commerce of the such banks to file with the Seperinieodeirt of the Banking such seem lues, or to change the same for others of eo/ialCities are brain in these ttmejby commerce and commerce aton*. Gteaarealsbdestroyedbycommerce? Iitsrpoel, the present great receptacle of goods of this country, hasthe law. on the part •" the banks, to work a foreclosure ofchsuter. TheSuperintendentofthe Baoktog f>pirt. ment may appoint a person to exam.ne into the affairs oiworth 50percent above theface ofth* mortgage-—in Block at par—or In stocks of any institution incorporatedtban the canals, he considered it so much better for theBattelH* speeds throughout was a clow and powerful one,President Mora went op to Guatemala in the steamer e n A Britttb bark, laden with mahogany, was totally lost her last trip, and returns to her en the 19th inat for Pun-Tt has been the great speech before the committee, and cnulJ the members of the Legislature ail hare heard it, I doubt if the bill could be passed.legal reoresentatire, and shall establish his or her claim, to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of the Banking Department, the amount claimed shall be paid over, with — per cent interest, from the time the same was paid into the treasury of the State.rea'l estate to the value of $100,000.,klr. Jaques, bill to amend the act relative to the office ofAttorney General and District Attorneys, provides that the Attorney General may, with the consent of the Gover- nor, employ additional counsel in prosecuting and defend- ing suits in which the people are In interest, in any court; but such counsel shall be appointed from the county where the salt is tried, if any competent counsel can be found thereto,andshallbeinnowayconnectedInbusinesswith the Governor or Attorney General. The Governor is em-at foe Hog Sties during foe late stormy weather.A couple of severe fires had occurred in Kajsau.A very serious riot had occurred at Harbor Island, on acricket ground, between tw o clubs, each contesting for possession of the field for a certain day.taArenas,where,foallprobability, hewill makehis first blow to regain hia position as President ef OMta Rioa There Is not the toast doubt about this. Joan Rafael Mem wul be the acknowledged President of that republic ta leanDean Richmond waa on hand, prompting h a attorney,lAvectignttoaa to-morrow.poweredtoallowareasonablefeetocounselsoemployed, OlRHAVANACORRKSrOKDENCB. eleveno'clockatnight,andheassuredhimthatallwasSvsustw*AUUXT, Jan. 27, I960.term of the court at which criminals are tried, to file in theObnntvClerk'soffice,fullandcorrectminutesofthe•FreightsandExchange—CtiyHealthy.a\c. evidence taken on the trial of such criminals.litelullralatiretothesaleofthelandsofanonresi- dent in Westchester county for taxes was reported fa Torablr.ENLARGEMENTOFCLINTONPRISON.Mr Lepham lntrcducod a bill appropriating $25,0C0to the enlargement of Clinton prison, by adding a wing to theeastendofthemambuildingOftheClintonprison,theMr. Jaques' bill to amend the aat in relation to the transportation of criminals to State prisons and houses of r e f t * , provide8 that the accounts therefor •' ahall be au-The Cahawba arrived last evening at three o'clock, hav-ingencountered heavyweathernearlyall foe way out, groundtotheCentralAmericanStates TbepeoplearenowThe resolution was then carried unanimously.re dollars.Section seventeenth provides that in the city and countyof New York, and in all other cities of the State, the Su- pervisors, with the Mayor and Common Council, shallby Mr. Delevan were the choice of the Mayor, and that foe information waa given with a view to having the public believe that Mr. Wood had solicited the appoint- ments, we are requested to say that the announcementdespotic sway. Although the constitution allows all citizensto express their political opinion, either verbally or in writing, and to assemble together for that purpose, tbe centralists trample the constitution under their feet, and all citizens known to favor federal principles areneglect to give their post office address on their notes.To authorize the construction of railroads in New York. Among the bills passed were the Luther Wright andMr. Jaques' bill in relation to actions, lepal proceedings and claims against the Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the city of New York, gives exclusive jurisdiction of all such actions or special iiroceedtngs to tho Supreme Court in the First Judicial district, the Court of Common Pleaj and the Superior Courtthird and fourth articles of title 1, chapter 5, part 3 ofRevised Statutes, in relation to Insolvent debtors. The which a fitting response was made by Judge Connolly jority by great odds. Thai is the reason they are drivenMr Matjtene sail the Senator has sung the ?im> songthat be ::d jesterday 1 did not come here as the champtoti of Mayor Wood bnt am a humble member of the terest of the State to lands in the Twelfth ward, New No such action or special proceeding shall be prosecuted republican party, ai.J should remain there as long s i theparty waa true to themselves aid no longer. There hadbot I. unClo" b»ste about th* bitt for some cause or other.Certain Senators ba^caHed upon the comuiiuee and saidaiiat if the bill w a a n o t reported they would take itout of their hands. Out of dpteience to the opinion ofthe Sea,iiAr<; he had reported | i favor of the House billand iverve to the bill offered by the Senator hut up.Tbe company then adjourned to the dining room, where aconation had been prepared, sad full justice was done tothe choice variety of viands and liquids. Tbe watch is asplendid hunting piece. OB the iusidc of the case is en from their partisans—a part of which was sent to Knglaad,as a sprat to catch a whale; but John Bull will never nibble at such a hook. Venezuela will never induce England!°«ttn!!iher•g*in:nercre4,tteflu>b*towKr°if"1 nererwin rise until some foreign nation takes her underits charge.William 0 Hubbard claim bills; the bill to release the inlately the government borrowed a million or dollarsYork, to Daniel Lord; to provide for the rebuilding of or maintained, unless it small appear in the complaint locks on thj Oneida Lake Canal, in relation to the pro that at least twenty days have elapsed since the claimgraved—"Presented to Hon. Michael Connolly by hisoeedlngs to compel the determination of claims to real i s - tate in certain cases; to incorporate the Minstrel Fund As soctotxm.in litigation was presetted to the City Comptroller for adjustment, and that after the expiration of the sail twenty days a second demand in writing lias been ma le upon t h o Comptroller a n d payment o r adjust-Among the bills introduced were the following —«..Te1t se,:'d£»\aw*y' ** , h e *>«>ch Minister, Ievraud, 1pate, and the Common Council to appoint, clerks to the Commissioners, at a salary of $$00 a year.cover judgment in his action, or in his special proceed- ing, he shall recover full taxable costs, without regard to tho amount of judgment. The Comptroller is enjaaweredBy Mr. A. Sunn, to amend the New York Charter, byrequiring all work done and supplies purchased at an to administer oaths to, and examine, all witnesses and expenseofover$260,tobedonebycontract,andgiving claimantsenthesettlementandadjustmentofallclaimsthe heads of departments the .contracting power for t h eagainst tho Corporation; an 1 false swearing in such cases is declared to be perjury. All process and papers in 3«ch actions shall be served on the Mayor, Comptroller or Counsel to the Corporation. No exemtiou shall be law- fully levied upon any property of the Corporation until after ten days notice in writing of the Issuing of said exe- cution shall have been given to the Comptroller, either by the party adverse in interest, hia agent, attorney or sheriff. Actions or proceedings alrealy commenced are exempted from the operation of the law.Mr. Cooper's bill to relation to the Court of CommonPleasvisorshold office for three years, have power to appoint one or more deputies, and have an office in the City Sail. The said Clerk is to have a salary to be fixed by the^Board of Supervisors, and is to pay over to the City Treasury, every month, all fees, perquisites and emoluments-, of his office. A n y deficiency betw«en t h e amount o f fees and perquisites, and the expense* and salaries of the Clerks office,istobepaidoutortheappropriationforcounty contingencies. " ',Mr. JaqueB bill to authorise the appointment of certainofficers m New \ork city, and Ox their salaries, provides as follows— "several departments subject to such regulations as to adof faithful convlctt, who, in his or her judgment, »o» favorable consideration by the Board, andFOR CRIHKS.a bill to amend the Revisedt for crimes. This bill pro of •M-»»«tM«> in the first, .-Jlhepunished by impriaon-or garnras Mr. Hammond's bill mtoliii to suntslmen•suary•,,uuu.tooepaidonthewarrantoftharvmn. troller of the city w&oot the s a n ^ S m g SmStorSgnM by the Mayor or Clerk of the Common CoulcflThedoW selthuscreatedistobethelocaladviaerof•th-tv?,TM?,'<• Omtmlsnoner. of taxn. and c f ^ a S n t o , K i F S SThe salary of the Counsel to foe Corporation is to b.. $3,000 « d W.000 additional for e^E^ireTto b e paM monthly,inb>uofallsalaryor compensation,andofali foes, which he is now entitledto receive•and the Common Council shaH not increase the above salary or compensa- tion. All fees anl costs received by the OoiporsJlcoooun- •el.abovedisbursemento,iretobepaidovcrtotheComp- troller Tho Corporation counsel is required to hand over aHpapersinhis possession Inrelation to street openings to Use counsel for street openings and assessment*, ap- pointed under the law. So much of the Charter amend- ment law peaeed in ltfT as conilicts with foe present Uw,and the act of 1864. relatingto foe opening of streets, ftc, hi Hew York, are repealed.bill to amend the life and Health Insurance l follows:—•• No company shallSOfo of November last, Abbott, who has been In the work in hand, and foe summer wilfopreeent grounds a sIn an able argu-£iaa! pHai. &a:!??V &:Ji*tl r»t«s Ut.^gi Vail: yrfrri&s tLU s £ 52Ch. Ic;r.±i3, for m^Athe act of 1863 with less capital than $100,000 norfof leave to surrender Cohen and to compel the plaintiffsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069requisite machinery for operatini been scribedta that place, an 1 that ttwill be put under contract early thi sprirg.toted, and nearly all^ l e d o t h m , tattj?b£aeTekZ? S ithe same night the stableVpbfoy V m S T a f E —wood, was entered, and several valuable tots of harnessrtOiOin^iaiaboiatjen,Department,ooorbeforethefirstdayofMarchnest,a atateSMnt of all deposits which bare remained unclaimed for the last ton years, the depositors of which are un-Shehadonfreight860boxtssugar,segars,NewOrleans cotton and fruit.Among the passengers by the Karnak were General relating to ail masses of sub;«cU, of both local, Buffaloafew years ago was looked upon as!beyondtea The moneys paid into the treasury under this ast shall company already organized may by a vote of a majority Meneias Clement. Lieutenant Colonel Sidney Propbete andpuMc anJprivate nature. Ittwo*thatthecom- coaspVfo*. butlow to It newt The acuoa remainseparateanddistinctfromallotherfundsofthe oftheirdirectors,excepttheprovisionsoftheamended mittee- have beea at work la earnest for the latt of b e e of her representatives on the floor State—to be invested on bonds and mortgage, the interest act and make their charter conform with the same.of this Howe obtained theWesternterminusofto* thereontobeapplied,fromtimetotime,asthetogtota- Mr.Jaaues'billtoincorporatetheAthenmumAssocia-tew daya, and have BOWprepared) a large lilt for the Brie road at Dunkirk. Since then that city has been on tore shall direct, for the ecucolion of the dear and dumb, tion of New York, gives the incorporation to George Fol- our flies being dated to the 21st instant—Tbe hotel at Nassau was opened on Saturday, the 21st lost, by John Shaw, of New York.Tbe Divorce and Matrimonial Causes act, passed by the Legislator > during the last session, came into operation on the 1st inatboutea by Ihe several Standieg eomtni'.tees—b'lls awscsmtsd Bristol, and there are canoes that will soon dts eereral Barings banks, so fa<- as may be necessary to under the State laws, whifo are worth par In New York mali* some other point tha great seaport In K«rope ascertain the amount of such unclaimed deposits. at the time of purchase. A provision is made thatanysom, John A. C Gray, Frank Moore, William C. Prime, rentes than taxing Ihe trade that she waa trying to get, insane s s shall, without being paupers, be withoat suf William S Thayer, L- 8eymour Ashley, Parke Godwin,legislature to act upon. the wan* The State of New York could hare betterre the blind and the idiotic, and for the care or such of tneThere were also shirty different notices given la the and f the railroads could carry freights at less price ncient pecuniary ability to furnish such education or care Charles C. Mott, sad George k» Waring, Jr. The object IsMr. Montgomery introduced a bill which prorides thatany married woman may invest or use her property, oraarniegs, or any portion thereof, in her orn name and onher own account, In any lawful trade o r business; andsuch property and earnings, and the proceeto and profitsof such trade or business, shall not be subject to the con-trol or disposal of her hasband, nor be liable for his debts,but shall be and remain her sole and separate propertyand all contracts or obligations made or entered into bher,inrelationtosuchtradeorbusiness shallbeinSsuch officers, within thirty dayBaftorthecloseofany respects as valid as if she were a single female.Died, at Nassau, Charles M. Bode, only surviving son of than three months. *'So mote it be, say all who are ac-on the bill for the protection of the property in trade of wbei.be> an* work has been done or uitterials furnished thereTlic*•<»•rulingtbatcharacterizedtheadoptionofthemarriedwomen. onrircitheSraidayofJno'iaryeitbteeihundredandMr-requiredbvthesaidjudge,forthofaithfulperformancematedtbatunderthislastcontractexpeditionsmaybepre-sodbeautifulcountryforUK-pur-pot*ofcarryingonab"\ >• ns> I i on was gratifying to witness In these days of )«ak••->• » n i '1 feehcg bttwttn UK- Jforth and South.Tt; i• « as '1'iitt' a war th a morning, in the Senate, on Ui-' r i v r»-:r«aJii of New York, during which Senator MiL^r- i xr»*«*d socr.e of the tricks of the Weeditcs and Tsro: 'i j nolnicians.n.. ' to »m'-ni Uir- act regarding^ th>^ city railroads i.r I'I. ciy of New York came upin theSenate thisn>'n -ngMr -^piijoia opened ihe ball sgalatt It. He consideredthai the Ml! .n <iue8tton look from the city of N >w York al' |i"«f r to i-omrol their affairs Htook from the Com Oi'D O'luri! al' voice in the matter. He thoaght that the airenc u>fi:t i*lopted by the commfttee yesterday took trmibeexistingcompaniestheirpoircrsgrantedtothem in. icr th« tr rhurters. He wauted to protect the present <\ «t'Dg right?Mr Jiai.nWre Raid thnt the resolution of the Common f. occI Kraunr.B the right of way to the Hudson railroad, pr v<1'thatwlieuTenthavenueshouldbebufittoForty fourth Mjeet the track should be laid in Hsrenth areuue. lb tii -ISM if the bill passed it woujd prevent them from carr)ngoutthatprovision.Peter f. Murphv thought this controversy waa whether the roads which" had commenced laying tracks should have the prirUege of going all over the city.Mr. Mawwuts (rep.) reported in favor of amending the charter of Astoria.Mr ILumosD (rep ) introduced a bill relat; re to tak ng testimony In certain cases.four, at il i>rf vi'tas to 'be first day o f fami»ry eiub^eeu bund of the trust. In case o f neglect o f this provision t h e dicated from the coast o f Africa; b u t these speculationsred and tin v eight, for » hich ihe contractor has not been justly County Judge, on application of the assignor or any credi- have given rise to a report that contracts had been closedpaid, and if an t->award h'm there'or suih sirm as ah*!l be just tor, hs to appoint another assignee. Schedules of liabili to bring contract laborers from the coast of Africa. W e aod aqnttab'e. tf in the judgment of the said Board the State U tit s and a> alls are to be filed with tho County Judge with-justly liable therefor . . . . ., in thirty days of the date of the assignment, ant a divi- are introducing quite enough from Africa without Insti6*c 2, The Treasurer shall pay on the warrant of the Audl- dend is to be declared within eight months, un- tuting tbe apprentice or voluntary labor system; and allbusiretR, ano they have invariably beei. ,<«>ked upon wMa a susj•irtous eye, an<l consequently have bid a hard time, which, if it Lad f t been rt>r ti.e impression mad«- her* by Gen. V o l Walk*-r and his cut toroat followers, would have been quite the contrary However, "let u»« d«*S past bury its deal. ' Then- .5 a be.ter lime comtagNlgbt wanes, tbe miste arouni Tbemountainscur',melt:nt3morn, And light awakes tbe worliMr. 3. Oaksn.ith, a very intelligent and -uterprising yoimg American, hatbeen engagedLinbusinessInSan Salvador, at a city of about 25,0*0 inh&Utants, called SanSenator ?pmolasaiiihethought theSenatorjustuphaddestitute children empowers overseers of the poor to con-up In Committee of the Whole, and a warm debate h a d , asitislaidandworking.' Itwouldpreventthatroadfrom whichlastednilfiveo'clock. Messrs. ManierreandSjcers and saloon keepers:— ThereportoftheCommissionersofRecordsto the Se- Section first provides that the supervisors of everylaying their track over t h e balance! o f the route granted to Ui<-m by their charter to the Harlem rirer Ha wanted to know if that was riaht? This was another measure of the e'amp of th* Metropolitan Polioe bill. This measure was only »iie forerunner of a number of others. He saw by the notices of the press that there were a number of ^'llsmtheHousetoamendthecharterofthecity.This bill has another objectionable feaUtre—it only applies to onecity,anditnotgeneral.nola spoke at length against the- bill, and Messrs. Ses Grant and P. P . Murphy for it. The Senate ordered the bill to a third reading, and thenUU to-morrow morning.IA i M S i M y .ALBANY, Jan. 27,1360.York tax levy, so that this valuable work may be speedily Mr.COXKUSG(rep.)presentedtwomoreremonstrances completedanditsadvantagesfullyrealised.Senator Grant followed in opposition to the amenlment numerously signed by commercial firms In N ew York,nutes of their transactions. handsome testimonial, commemorating as H does so im Sectionfourthgivesthempowertograntlicensestopar- portentanevent,andwhich,Iassureyou,Ireceivewith ties to sell in quantities, lees than five gallons, to be drank much pleasure. Although m y services were of littleofferedbySenatorSprnola,butsaidthatiftheSenator waa honest in his motives he had an amendment that would be an acceptable ene, as follows.—That this act shall not be so construed as to alfect in any way the law pawed in l*M granting charters to city railroads in thecity of Sew York.Mr Mcl-eod Murphy said the act of 1854 was consideredagainst a pro rata freight bill, railroad toll bill, or any measures designed to cripple the commerce of the State and destroy its commercial supremacy.Mr. GARBXTSON, (dem.) In presenting a petition to pre-vent the delivery of fugitive slaves, said he did so as aBills Before t h e Assembly.Mr. Tucker's bill to provide for searches In the office of the Clerk for Arrears in New York, prorides tbat theClerk shall keep a sufficient number of competent clerM to do the duty of searching for arrears in his office which may be liens on real estate, and upon any requisition for a search in bis office he shall cause the same to be madeontheirpremises:thelicensefeetobenotlessthantonor valueonthatoccasion,yetIwasssequallydevotedto ofLalyuayvaandCaracaswereemptiedofallthefederalperfect for New York until last August, but by the In- matter of duty, but that he desired to express his abhor-The accounts previously received tbat S>tili> had been without delay, and shall not be entitled to receive any dred and fifty dollars, conditioned that he shall not permit yet I feel assured ere long, by the courage and perseve- beaten In the Oriente proves to be false. He is in forcegentmty of some New Yorkers It was found that the provisions of this act could be avoided by making the nominal terminus in Westchester County. The effect of the amendment offered would he to legalize the action in the case of the Ninth Avenue Railroad, which the de- cision of the Superior Court had been adverse to.rence of all such petitions, as asking a violation of the law and outrage of the constitution.fees for any search not completed within ten days from his receipt of the order therefor; but shall in all cases be liable personally and under his official bond for such searches.any cock fighting, gaming, playing with cards, or dice, or other gaming in or about bis premises.Section eighth provides that all moneys received forrance of those eminent men, it will soon resume its magic Influence; and, by the blessing of God, will be foe means of insuring peace and properity to our two great nations. I have thehonor to bo, Mr. Mayor, your most obedientwith a large body of horse, scouring the plains of Barce- lona and Matuvin The federalists have the province o f Barcelona and Ousaana. except the respective capitals, and they are scattered over the whole republic.The scenes of blood and murder are awfully described, villagesandplantationsburned andotherwisedestroyed, men, women and children murdered tn cold blood, andHA, Manierre said that he had opposed both the sub-sumefaod all Ihe amendments that had been offered.He saw, when the question was first broachedherethatthemwas something beyond andbehindtheIntended mwve. The Sixth, Eighth and Seventh are-nmea, are compelled by their charter to go to the Harlemrtrer, and carry passengers for Ore; cents, and If Into law i the Governors and bodies mentioned to extend their visit » passed tt would prevent the completion of these roads. to this capital.rears of taxes or sales therefor on any lot, ten cents for each, year, but not to exceed fifty cents for any one lotliquors that shall be satisfactorily proven to be drugged, shall be fined five hundred dollars or imprisoned one year inStateprison.W. CORNWALLIS ALDHAM, Captain H. B. M. S. Valorous.Mr. MANXIERRB noticed a bill relative to certain funds of theFirstMethodistEpiscopalChurchin Johnstreet,New ?IIiueofthisactvisions are mado to compel early closing up of of the affairs of an assignee, and to prevent the conceal men*of property, and power is given to tho County Judgetoremoveaujassignee forcauseandappointano-York. * *Mr. Raxsar (rep.) Introduced a bill relative to thoreSec. 3. This act shall take effect immediatelyAJfKNWNO THE RXEOTICK* LAW. Mr.MANMKHRKintroduced a billwhich providesth*tfrauds in the sale of passenger tickets.The same committee reported a bill (the same as lasta copy of such notice to be published once in each weekMr. Cooper also introduced a bill to regulate tho saleof fruit in the city of New York, whi :h prohibits the site of strawberriestobasketscontaininglessthanonepinteach, orofpeachesinbasketscontainingless thanthree pecks each, under a penalty of $'J5 for the first ofibnee, and a similar floe and forfeiture ot the articles tor the second of- fence. The City Comptroller is authorized to appoint an inspector of fruit, at such salary as he shall deem suffi- cient, to enforce the law , collect the penalties, and pay over tho same to the Almshouse Department.• LICENSE LAW. ThefollowingIsanabstractof Mr.Regan's bill, intro-duced in the Assembly, for the regulation of taverns, gro-4York, '2.% to 4 premium, New Orleans, 4>, to 6 do., shortsight. Heatlhgood.C i t yTusOOLDMXPALPRsmcrntD TOCAITAI.NAum*M,R X.,BYTHKCrrr —Tbe following letter, received yesterday at the Mayor's office from Captain W. Cornwall* Aidham, who commanded the Valorous duringtheexpeditionto lay the Atlantic Telegraph cable, will be read with con- siderable interest —HER BRITIJ.SK: MAJESTY':* SHIP V AIOROC.I, > VBKA CKI-Z,Jan. 7,1800. >of coining for the whole of the Central American Statoa This speaks well, not only for Mr. Oaksmito as a geatle manoffunction,bntit will domuchtowardsbindingto- getherfoebrokenreedThe death of Con. M B Lamar has caused much regret on this side of the water. He was indeed a noble minded and noble hearted gentleman. His loss will no doubt be deeply felt by all who knew him.News front Venezuela OPB CARACAS CORRBSPOKDBNTK.until the election therein specified, in soeh newspapers in year's)toOxtheratesofwharfageInNew York as fol- hiscounty, notexceeding eight in number,as shallbelows—Forvesselsof200tonsatleas onecent per tonper day for the use of piers, wharves or bulkheads: forvessels over 200 tons one quarter cent per ton additionalforeachtonover200tons;formakingfasttoanotherves- newspaperoranadjoiningjeouuty,designatedbytheBoard sel, or anchoring in any slip or basin, half the aboverates. R imposes a double rates penalty for neglect or refusal to p a y within twenty-four hours after demand. Ownersofpiersareauthorisedto charge flve| centsperof Supervisors of the county.Mr. Ken-ham's bill for the further relief of orphan andsign orphan anddestitute children to thecare ofany bit the very point thai they wanted to reach. The Eighth ton per day for goods remaining on tho pier over forty- orphan or relief asylum in the county, and obliges thaavenueraifroalcharterextendedtotteHarlemriverand was onlr tuilt to Fifty ninth street, and if this law was parsed with the words "it shall not affect any road as fareighthours.Tha bill relating to the city railroads w as again takenSupervisorstopaythesameamountforthecareandsup- port of the said children as is paid for the support of piu- pers.*Mure RceoUdionary Alarm*—Transfer of Federalist Prima -erstoCastle8t.Carlos—SotMoNotDefeated,buttnForce Sear Barcelona—Oeneral Rapine and Murder in the Provimcm—the Political Parties and Sectional Distractions oftheCountry—DifficultieswithEnglandandPrance,de. The government have been in a state of great alarmwithinthelastfewdays.Theywereledtobelievethat an uprising would take effect on Christmas eve, by th e federalists,and,asaprecautionarymeasure,theprisonsGovernor Morgan sent i n a messagethat t h e Governors a n d Legislatures o fand Tennessee are now at the capital of Ohio, by invitation of the Legislature of that State; that so marked an occurrence is eminently calculated to foster thatcomityandgoodneighborhooddue from therepre- sentatives of all the States towards each other, and recom- mending the passage of k concurrent resolution Invitingstating Kentuckylicenses shall be devoted to the support of the poor.The fees are fixed as follows:—For searching lor ar Section ninth provides tbat any person dealing in and very humble servant,Icr, out of any moneys uhlshareor may lie appropriated for less to cither case an extension of time is allow tbe Frie oanal enWaeoieut and not othe'wis* appropriatedr-b euro, if any, as shall be allowed by the Canal Board by ed by the County Ju^ge More stringent prothe powers of tbe earth cannot prevent it, while there is a prospect of golden gains to follow the enteronse.The steamtugDecaturiswaiting repairsherefromthe damage sustained by getting on shore, aftor beiug de- serted by the Spanish war steamer which took her in tow,asvouwerea-ivised.labilityofstockholdersInincorporations.The concurrent resolution of the Assembly Inviting the the Sheritl, Clerk or County Judge, of each county, who ther in his place. In all cases of assignments alreadyMr- MUliken'B bill to amend the Revised Statutes rela-tive to the rendition of fugitives from justice, provides tbatwhenafugitiveIsdemandedbytheGovernoroftheState of New York from the Governor of any other State, the commissioners of Ihe poor.orfromaforeigngovernment,the expensesandservices Sectionthirteenthpermitsliquorstobesoldonanyboat of persons employed by him for that purpose or vessel navigating the waters of tho Slate.shall be audited by he supervisors of the county Section fourteenth provides tbat should any such boathad shown a party combination. Hewasopposedto desiredtoknowif theInvitationwouldbsreturned,andtaking from the property holder* all votce In the matter. if so. if the members accepting It wodid. be allowed toHo pr»eumed that all arrangements have been made speak their true sentiments without beingtarred and fea-to put this bill through, but he would say thered or hung from the limb of a tree? If these persons to which the offence is alleged to have been committed, or vessel remain at any city, town or village beyondone would present an appearance equal to almost any in this thatttwouldnotbejuattothecityofcameherehedesiredtoknowwhethertheyweretobeandshallbepaidbysuchcounty,providedthathour,noliquorshallbesold,tobedrankonboard,undersplendidmetropolis.JustassoonasthewideninganlcontinuethecountryinutterbankruptcyandaugmentNew York. A short time after the election of allowed to speak their pro slavery sentiments without the Governor does not order the said services and ex- penalty of twenty five dollars.Section fifteenth provides that all such penalties shall be recovered in the name of the overseers ot the poor, for the use of the poor.st'RES.—A statement having appeared in yesterday's the principle of the North American Union The central travellers and guests on Sunday, but all grocers, saloon issue to the ertect that the reporters were furnished at ists oppose such a measure, tooth and nail.Fernando Wood, a Tammanyite told him that thsy were similar risks?coming to this Legislature to take all power out of Mayor Mr. Law (rep.) deprecated warmly the remarks of Mr.Wood-* hands, and he would ask the republican Senators Maxson, as unbecoming and unworthy of a legislative hall.to pause before they struck so baldly at the rights of the He hopedSthe invitation would b e extended b y them a scitizens of New York. The succejRS of Mayor Wood was, gentlemen, and without their making any allusions to any nor, when the Senate is not in session, to remove er sus-paving will be commenced by tbe Commissioner of Streets.penses to be paid by the State, or to be borne by tho complainant in the case.extending are fully completed the work of flagging and heir own fortunes. To cripple this terrible monster, theone man power, a forge majority of the people formed a re- CORRECTION—THE INSPECTORS OF WKKJHTS AN» MKA- solution to divide the country Into five federal States, onMr. Muliken's bill to provide for the removal and sus- pension o f certain officers, gives authority t o the Gover-Section sixteenth permits all tavern keepers to sell toin New shallY ork, appointprovides that t h e Board e f Super- & Clerk to the said Court, Who shallvalue.Section * of th e act is amended co as to allow the In-vestment of the funds or accumulations of the companiesbeginning to learn that all Americans do not reeenable the The bill to amend the general assessment Uw was re- monev to be expended under the direction of the Inspec- dited by the Board oi Supervisors, and paid out or the and left this morning for New Orleans at eight, with a style of citizens exactly that followed foe world renownedreportedpassage. By this arrival accessiontoourvisiters.we havereceived anagreeabletors of State PriaoD8, or a majority of them.rAYMKNT FOR CANAL WORK. Mr. Sessions introduced the following—Section1TheCanalBoardIsherebyauthorizedandremilred ifeiamlnetrtotheworkdineonsectionsnumbertbiwhund- red ar.d autv. th'-ee hundred srid sittr one three hundred and ilxtv three. *hree buudred and slaty tire three hundred and lUtv-aiiKrtebaain,aodsips,andguardlock*,andsectionat lllack Rook, of the Krie canal enUvgemen'. and to aac»rtatitreasury of tho county In which the offence was commit- ted "Mr. Cooper's bill In the Assembly, regulating the mode ofadministratingassignments,proviies thatwhenanas- signmentismadeforthebenefitofcreditors.it shallbe the dnty of the assignee, within ten days, and before dis posing of any of tho assigned property, to file a copy of the assignmentwiththeProoateJudgeofthecountywhere the assignor resides, and to file a bond, with sureties asstrong northeast wind, and threatening of a boisterousadventurer, William Walker, to this country several years ago. Prejudices formed against o u r country under t h e circumstances, such as a cutthroat revolution like Walk- er's,areveryhardtolive down,aod,underthectreum- stances.our government hasnotmadealtogethersuch official appointments as it might have done. The United States should have done everything in its power to r«nct- liatemattershere,which.Iamsorrytosay.itdid notOur business is not yet fairly open.Governors and members of the Legislatures of Kentucky shall receive a notice of election shall, without delay,de made, where no final settlement has taken place,the Sugar stock, old and new crop, 15,000 boxes No. 12 Migml, for about one year, and he leave*to tbe Balticonand Tennessee to visit Albany was also adopted. liver a copy or such notice to the Board of Supervisors of County Judge may, upon application of any creditor, re held at 9'.. rials. to morrow for New York, carrying with him the contract TheCommitteeonCommerceandNavigationwereem saidcounty,andtofoeSupervisororoneoftheAssessors quiretheassigneetogivebailandobservealltheother Freights.—Averylittlebetterindemand,notinprice. oftheSaivadoriangovernmentforaMint,whichbe-istopowered to send for persons and papers with regard to of each town or ward in his county. He shall also cause provisions of the act.Exchange.—London, 14 to 14? ; Paris, l & t o l x , New establish at San Miguel He has the exclusive privilegedesignatedforthatpurpose bya resolutionoftheBianl of Supervisors, and if there be no newspaper published in said county, then such notice shall be published in someI n t e l l i g e n c e .nate states that the Supervisors of the city of New York town, and the justices of the peace residing therein shallhave refused to make appropriation in the tax levy for be commissioners of excise and ono supervisor and two your Honor's letter of the 2d of August, transmitting ajustices be competent to act. gold medal voted to me by the city of New York in com- Section second provides that the commissioners shall memoration of the esteem in which my services were heid meet on the first Monday of May anl on such other days on the occasion of laying the Atlantic Telegraph cablethe expenses of the Commissioners. They ask, therefore,that the sum of $82,744 46, now due to contractors andemployes, and the further sum of 9131,076 80, which isrequired to complete the existing and only contract nowinforceunderthecommission,maybeaddedtotheNew Sectionthirdprovidesforthekeepingofabookofmi- Mayor,andthecityofNewYorkmybestthanksforthisForsearchingforregularrentsofCrotonwaterorsalestherefor,toncentsforeachlotfor eachyear,but not toISectiontenthrequiresthattheusual tavornaccommo-TotheRightHon.foeMAYORofNewYorkcity.THK IMPROVXMRNTS or PIAXK aim RKADE STREETS —Theas the supervisor shall appoint. connecting Europe and America I beg to offer you, Mr.more than thirty dollars.Section fifth provides that for each license issued thetbe cause and as anxious for its success as any of those gentlemen who took a more distinguished part in it. From your Empire City emanated foe mainspring of this greatprisoners. About 600 were sent immediately to Castle St. Carlos, the State prison of Venezuela, at the entrance from the sea to Maracalbo. Among the number was tbe General In-Chief Silva.commissioners shall be entitled to fifty cents collectively.Section sixth provides that no license shall be given to enterprise. To Mr. Cyrus W. Field and his coadjuors, whoseany other than a person of good moral character. hearts nothing could daunt, are due the originating, foster-Section seventh provides that the party so licensed shall ing and carrying out of this noble undertaking; and enter into a bond for the payment of the sum of two hun- although tbe electric spark has for a time become extinct,exceed fifty cents for any one lot.For searching for arrears of assessments or sales there- penalty of five dollars, to be recovered by foe oversoeis tote alterations in Duane and Reade streets have decidedly every excess practised. General Castro foresaw whatdation shall be provided in places other than cities, underSection twelfth provides that whoever shall sell any spirituous liquors without having obtained a license there- for,shallforfeittwenty-fivedollars, to be'recoveredbyDiocesB of New York is the same bill introduced last ses- Section eighteenth provides that all grocers taking was wholly incorrect. We make foe contradiction at foe hunted up like wild tigers, their bouses searched, and sion In the Senate by Mr. Schell. The corporatorsare licenses for the sale, not less than five gallons, not to be isstarjee of Major Georgo R Hall, of the City Inspector's when caught, thrust Into prison in foe most barbarousJohn Jay, Murray Hpffman, Luther Bradish, John R. Liv-ingston, John A. Dix, James F DePeyster, and their succes-sors. The trnste :-s arc authorised to hold real and per-sonal estate to such an amount that the annual income ac-cruing therefrom shall notexceed $30,000. The fund Is tobe devoted in part to the assistance and support of officiat- license s**rSfty cents fees.manner, and finally sent to San Carlos, where they are certain to die in a few months. Monagas adopted the same plan. bnt not with so much virulence.No citizen ran go to tbe polls and vote for a candidate other tban those designates b y t h e centralists. Should he vote for a candidate who professed federal principles, hewouldbearrestedandsenttoprison,asinimicaltothe government. SofoeCongresswillbeentirelyoneaided The Central government may maintain, power for a time from foeir means, to provide munitions of war, but event- ually the federalists will succeed, for they are in the maing ministers of the church within the dioctSS, and iu n-trl to the purchase of glebes zzi ibe erection of parsonages within tne llSiiis or organised parishes in the dloeess in communion with the said church.Section twentieth provides that this act shall take effect on tho first Monday of May, 1800.THE INSOLVENT LAWS.Mr. Carter, by consent, introduced a bill to amend theing a number of legal and literary gentlemen assembled at foe house of Judge Connolly, In Ffftieth street, for the pupose of presenting him with a splendid gold watch, valued a t $250, a s a testimonial o f their 6sto*nj. M r , Stephen Duffy, on behalf of the committee, made the pre' sentatlon, accompanying it with appropriate remarkB, todrank on the premises, shall pay ten dollars license a n l fifty cents fees.Department, who states, moreover, that there has been no collision or consultation whatever between Mr. Dels- van and the Mayor relative to any appointments,Section nineteenth provides that when grocers takelicenses to sell less tban five gallons, and in addition to bedrank on Oelr pr«»r.',ses,they shall pay twenty dollars PRKSKITTATJONTO JCTXIECONSOLLY.—Ou Thursday evenLieutenantColonelBrenorProphet*,ofH&yti WehavethefollowingiUmsofnewsfromtheBahamas,There have been three largeCooliecontractsclosedwithin the list three weeks, covering thirty Arc thousand—one for from 5,000 to 6,000,one for 15,000, and oneotherfor15^000, ThelatttobringsubjectsfromtheEastern SeaS, or the Polynesian Island tribes. It is inti- do. Many of our countryman have sought thit brigatSIR—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt ofamendmentofarticle 3, which isthelawknownasthe two third act, reduces the number of petitioners from two thirds to one third, also releases the property of the debtor acquired after assignment, from execution for debts exist- ing antericr to the date of tho petition.Tho fourth article, which it is proposed to amend, Is theact under which, prior to the repeal of the imprisonment constituents as a token or their esteem, January 1800 for debt law, proceedings used to be taken to compel im- On the outside is a representation of the judicial' bench prisoned debtors to assign their property. The law isstill with law books, sword, scales ofjustice. &c ' operative against insolvents. The amendments proposedallow creditors having liquidated claims to the amount of©verdue, and on which no security is held, to proceed out in a row of frame stables at the corrier of Fourteenth Louis Napoleon. Levraod remains at Martinique awaitagainst a debtor to force him to Insolvency. If, on inves- street and Eleventh avenue, and before the flames coull tog the resolve of ttis government; he hoids that. Castrotigation,heisfoundbytbeCourttobeinsolvent,beIs besubduedtenhomsawereburned todeath The beingthelegitimatePresent,hehadarighttosustaincompelled to assign all hia property for the benefit of his stables belonged to Hugh Leahy, kindling wood dealer, him In preference to a usurped government. There is creditors. Onsuchassignment,ifnogoodcausecanbe onethingcertainVenezue£willneverremainatpeaosun-shown against It, the debtor is to be discharged from his and nine of the horses belonged to him, and the other til a federal government is established the people wiH debts; such discharge to have the same authority as under horse belonged to Woolly s Annin, lumber dealers. The never consent to remain at peace while a central deanot- what is now known as the two-third act. The bill also damage to the stables amounts to about $150, and the loss ism prevails over the righto of thepeople, whatever partr exempts the future acquired property of a debtor now on foe horses amounts to about $1,500; Mr. L?ahy was may have the ascendency. ' ^FIRE IN FOIRTKE-VTH STREET.—TEN HORSES BCRNED TOToallowtheFireCommissionersofNowYorktonomi mentrt'fc3e(lbybim.Iftheplaintiffshallre •6C0.0C0orupwards,whichhavebeenfor6ixtydays DEATH.—Abouthalfpastteno'clocklastnightaArebroke atfortyeighthours'notice,maynotbeoverlookedbyvarious parts of the city were proposed for admission toas Chairman,and William M Bun-ill,of the Eleventhward, membership, aftor which, and the transaction of other distant station. The officers have not yet been orderedas Secretary. After which the following gentlemen were routine business, the meeting adjourned to foe regular but it is generally understood that an old veteran win•elected as delegates and alternates to tbe Democratic Na- tionalConvenuon,tomeetatCharleston,S.C.:—DtlfgaUs—D.M.ChaunceyandDr.JohnHaaleU, JUema'j*—Joseph Wilson and Richard H. Tucker.The nominations were unanimously made, and the Con-vention adjourned.THSGsu.fi) Jnrr or run Conrr or OYBR -urn TSRM.VER.—The Grand Jury organised at the commencement of theJanuary term of the Court of Oyer and Terminer, cameInto Court yesterday with eighty six indictments, classi- fied as follows:—AssaultandbatteryPfettt larceny..Grand larcenyReceiving stolen goo isMayhem, malicious mischief, malicious trespass, falseimprisonment, sodomy, carrying slung shot, attempt to cause miscarriage and selling lottery tickets, enenight—next Thursday evening.TheOldIronsilesandSanteestillremainfoordinary, buttbedepartmenthastncontemplationtheequipmentof Judge Edwards Pierrepont, of foe Superior Court, has either of these two fine frigates in the spring. The Con-'.ft$ TheGrandJuryhaving completedtheirbusiness,weresome four years, and once before had a eeparation" bnt through the efforts of mutual friends, became reconciled and went to living together, A short time after a a r - riago,it appears, the reverend prisoner, groundlessly. became jealous of his wife, and from that time onihe poor woman's hfe has been a perfect bell upon earthTefol..The United States brigs IXilpbin, Com. Bteedtasa, at Perry, Coam. Tilghmanc, were a t Montevideo December 3I . TbebarkRelease.Com Harrison, wasalsoatfontfortThe United Stoats Steamer Water Witch. Oats. SertoriAV111laxuabnrg Cltr News.. Bt-Rcujuns in ASTOSIA.—The hosts of Mr. r-isns M. Virginia during ha ab- Rankin,atAstoria,waa entered onThursdayssnhtandmid the first department of the first sec- Csjhen Tbe present motion on the part of the Sheriff is thePare* Miu—The Fredericksburg (Ta.) He ys that the whole amount of stocl to3, , •3SSE&8sSaS *ff«'_ltte««tji«dik|MuUluUvil^ l O \Lu $arWJv**UntitledDocument2Personal Intelligence.left New York for Cuba for the benefit of bis health, which, owing, perhaps, to the badly ventilated Court rooms, has been somewhat impaired.planned a n d fold o u t , trees planted, walks graded, watch towers, surmounted with sentry boxes, built, a n a fo the centre of the barrack grounds has been erected a fine imposing flag staff, from which, in graceful and curling folds, waves the flag of liberty. The severity of the weather, however, somewhat retards tbe spirit of im- provement, but tbe opening of tbe spring will again see thahabit or whipping bis wife, fo a phrensy of rage seised her, and inflicted a moat shocking beating, causing the blood to spirt from the month and ears of the prostratehandsome as any tbat will be found in the country at- tached to any military post. The weather for the past week has been fine b u t cold, the thermometer ranginc^r-sssusasssaa*' B . F .Baitswhose reported death his wifeofto collectable abve to Wooster, Otnosupporter of President Mora, was on board wtfo htm untilCastro, foe legitimate President, w as arrested andfrom foe ballot box, and have no resource bat the force of arms to sustain their political rights't h eyard, preparatory to being placed In commission to join our squadron fo tbe Chinese waters. Her old battery has been removed, and In its place will be substituted the sew sad powerful gun, which will give her an armament of which she la worthy, and one well calculated for thaiUnited Slates ship Cumberland Is fitting out at thaicommand herstitution will, very likely, grace the waters of the Medi- terranean.robbed of a large quantity of silver plate, valued at!CUUCAS,Jan. 1,18M. www.fultonhistory.commmm wm m" P * » 