 6NEW YORK HERALD, WKDNKSTUY, MARCH 2ft, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEBT.NEW YORK HERALD. delegate from Lynn, Horace Greeley and others. ed from the Tailors' Benevolent Union of this city.shop nomhatlons, from which spring all the political demoralization of the day. The boat way to reconstruct tho Almshouse governmentJ&I1IQOEDOI •JBOB AMDIBSVMWI•mciK.v*oosranorKASSAD"AS»ftTLSOMSfS. meat. Afallreportappearsinanothercolumn.A communication was received by the Almshouseideasofblackrepublicanism. Itisfortheinte-rest of the white race, North and South, thatthey should do so; it is for the interest of theblack race also—for the interest of humanityand civilization. We hare every confidence inthe shrewd common sense of the people of theseStates,thattheywillnotbeledawayfromthe petentfortheoffice,andgetridoftheBoardof mercialandmnnufacturisg«-iteai^ £»+ consideration of their own interests by any ap- Ten Governors entirely—a Board which is Ztl?^^'?^ eahnlyt^^ peal to fanaticism or claptrap cry of the news- composed of men many of whom are entirely*— hf^ f r j r r T s r coHMMSPOXDBrca. „mn b"«th«Governors, at their meeting yesterday, from Wm. J. Haakett, Chairman ef the Excise Board, inform- ing them that $9,930 have been placed in the City! Treasury for the benefit of the poor. The moneyis that paid for licenses by liquor dealers in theyear1859. GovernorOliverstatedthattheactionof the Board on the contract for heating the IslandHospital, which was taken last evening, was a con-strong points of the Southern view of a* J J T at the North. The South,«e-er *£??* troubled with strikes, can look dow. frJT"1 eminence upon those disturbances of * £ *i r l - _ i ff r-"* yVwn «"» q*art>r of tk* world; V "***• **" ** tradiction to that part of the article in last Friday's mtraUm mntd far. «»-OTJB VoaaiGJt CoBBS"0»D«wr« *BBpapers which talk of their being bought up by New York funds. The people of Connecticut and Rhode Island do not require to be bribed to do what is for their own advantage—that which will bring them more money than all that could ever be raised for them by the mer- chants of this city. The New England States are on the point of being utterly ruined by the non intercourse policy of the South, which will undoubtedly prevail inunfit for the onerous and important duties en- trusted to them, either by education or socialposition, and some of whom, we believe, have been waiters in taverns, and heretofore filling otherconditionsin life not calculated to fit them for so responsible a position as the guar- dians of the poor, the sick and the orphan.r*eewhich, Northern phflceapher, of the r e p ^6 to c!?!!_._' __?._??*?" " ha_ge.lT Z"LMJ to those violent shocks"whichfrom time to time by the so-calliJ* Burt,i-e« jsystemoftheNorth,andwldTnfrL^ **** j social and political fabric to „! # ItH* **•Manufacturers all over the worli.f•'Uad*<i*-l,* ' contemporary, with great truth, "keen'SL^I* , borfcr» " near the starvation point uy_sBt'c--u.Y i M m n a to Baai AJJ. LanauAJTB 1"ACE ASM W » TO,Tribune which charged corruption on the memJTO KOTICK taken ef —wywmi oorreqwnMiM. W* do am bers of the Board in that matter. Our report con-y^Mf » rqerttd i nmmunifartcms.ADTtBTJ&MMMJfTS rtmnted «-#n» day: adwrfOtmatf* m-»0Ud fa tk* Wsasxv HBK.CB, FiBitr USKAAD, amd fa IAe O__utK.«/'-r*.*.!amld—XWvjMaaarK.4t*H»{i~i_'.m*. Vtains the remarks of the Governor on this subject. The namber in the institutions now is 8,003, a de- crease of 15 for the week.could notbefore hismonopolize re-electionthe spoilt, and•TUrifmm JOB ruurrunwith neatntt*, ektapnm amd dt-to theSenateCaptain E. B. Mallet, of the ship John Cottle, was .No. 8T put on trial yesterday in the United States Circuit Cou- harged with the murder of John H. Perry, first te of the Cottle. The jury acquitted the mnuy* O A S I S * . Broadway.-LAW roa i_u>«s-Wn- pri-. . Captain Mallet, and four of his brothers, who e present, were moved to tears on the ren-it was claimed that Mr. Douglas sympathizedwith this idea. Since that time it has been an-nounced that he was pledged to go for theCharleston man in any cate. But whatever mayhave been the change in Mr. Douglas' mindV o l iV 1 M D OABDW. Broadway, opposite Bond street,- •TA.tuBiaa«.W Al.LACK-STHlArBB, Broadway.-SO-ascs Of a rooa TOBSU Mur. _ _ _ _ _LAURA S J O U r a THIUTRK, 534 Broadway.-JsAiiia Duu.NEW YORK JOCTBNAIJSM-A NIW SreciAi.rrr.-Owing to the very active competition and quickpublic recognition of the leading journals of | 8 t e o c w - ~ the efficient operation of J ^ S eAMUBBTBKT8 THIS 1YWUH0.U l O KtLST—I'SKJKCIIO*.BOWEKT THXATBK, Bowery - J a c -wnce the period above referred to. it is YQTJ the contingency of the North consummatingthe metropolis, the business of publishing them has been reduced to an exact science, and in some cases it rises to the dignity of a fine art. The New York dailies have great offices, filled with active brains and busy hands, and m o n ater presses which know no such word as rest Distinguished foreigners, and remarkable men fromtheruralorprovincialdistricts,visitthegreat newspaper office as one ef the lions of the city, like the Central Park or the Worth Monument, and are much edified thereby. But there are some of the secrets of these intellec- tual prison houses which are not unveiled to vulgar eyes. That wonderful personage, the able editor, is like the Veiled Prophet of Kbo- rassan, the Sphynx, or the Delphian Oracle not intended for public exhibition. He appear*; -""es will aHow." It is so in Old Eogla* aQ^ it is so in New England,j T ^ Southern States of this republic present j ~ e °nlj exception ia the world. It is the is-terest- 1| ~ e money be can out of his laborers- he Ihas no interest in seeing the hands'hisfactoryhealthyormakingmoney. Whatever money they make beyond keeping soul and body together he regards as so much ab stracted from his profits It is no concern of his that those in his employment cannot ears sufficient to feed, clothe and lodge themselves aad their families: it is not his affair that thev pine away and die, partly from want and part-ly from excessive and protracted labor in t foul and over heated atmosphere. Owing u the abundance uf labor there are plenty ofmm snu women to take their places, and sell their sen ices at starvation prices to the capitalist Tbey are as essentially slaves as the negroas.it the bouth. The only difference bet-sen their respective conditions is that necessity fore* them to do what the law compels the negroes— that their services are sold for a limited period,the House of Commons on the subject. Theconception as to our motives in offering thesecomments, we think it necessary to say thatwe have no particular hostility towards General breed like the Spanish American colonies.CAX»«-JACOBI«.ditio:. f the verdict, and his wife, a young aud in- teresting woman, was deeply affected.The case of James Shepard, who is charged with arson in thefirstdegree, was called on yesterday in the General Sessions, but was postponed tul this (Wednesday) morning, in consequence of the abcertain that Mr. Douglas' friends will not be soidiotic as to think of bolting because tfceir idolis denied to them. The delegates to a Nationalat the ballot box the systematic injustice and bieach of faith which constitute the pro- gramme of the republican party. The manu- facturing interests and commercial relationssence of an important witness for the defence. It r~vBOWSWTTTnUTM,Bowerr-LscnamBoac;iA- willberememberedthattwoyearsagoShepardare duly taken care of, if the party wins theday,andgenerallytokeepaparticularlysharplookout for number one. If these men findthat Douglas has no Southern strength, theywill immediately go to work to make them-pelves whole with the rising sun, wiio mustbe selected with special reference to making aby recent political events, and the irresistible logicoftheseeventsisthatifthesamepauses are permitted to operate any longer, complete destruction must be the consequence. The Tedious sentiments of the citizens of Connec- ticut and Rhode Island are appealed to against•filthy lucre"'—for which, filthy as it is, none show a greater desire than those who affect most to despise it The clergy, for example, preach against it as 'the root of all evil;'" but they get all they can of it themselves; and,T oiss diiBBfe-Houisaoc ROBIBJOV.BROADWAY BOmWIB. 444 Sroadwa/.-Afternoon aadBST I VTr STMTSSXS, MeeBaaJea' Han,473 Broadway.-SlBlAi"H a*LOOK,seas— » tfoaos, DABCBS, ta —Taa Toonias.NATIOfJAL CONCSRT SALOON, Sattoual Theatre.— Bc.i**, OAKCU, BuKLSsussa, Aa.was tried and convicted of this offence and sen- tenced to be executed, but the Court of Appeals granted a new trial.The Engineer corps of the Seventh regimerit have organized themselves into an artillery Com- pany, under Captain Viele, and will probably makeBroadway.—Qso.CBBBTT'S Mr*.good run in the doubtful Central States—New their <ttintt as such at ihe Fashion Course parade York. New Jersey and Pennsylvaniaw h e r e thecomiM-riced, and an attack on Tetuan vigorously are beginning to see their way more clearly, repulsed by the Spanish forces. The Moors were and that as the time for the assembling evincing a fierce spirit of resistance,and great pre- of the Convention draws near, we approxi- parations were making for the defence of Tangier.Bowman or any of the other individuals who participate in the comfortable pickings derived from this source. To us it is of no conse- quence who are the recipients of them, or to what purposes they are appropriated, so long as the practice exists. That a portion of them should go to the support of a particular organ, under any particular administration, concerns us but little, if their destination must be al- ways an improper one. It is with the system that we war, and not with individuals. If, however, the odium which attaches to the for-their own, and agree only in this speciality— THUS the whole conscience in the matter is no- the incomprehensible article. That is part ofmate some definite idea as to its line of action, Telegraphic advices from China to the 30th January which, as a matter of course, is mathematicallything more than amalgamation—the deteriora- tion of the white blood of the Caucasian race, and the elevation of the black to a social and political position for which the Creator never designed him, and for which he has no aspira- tion himself. Every attempt to pass the bar- rier which God has placed brings misery upon the black man and a curse upon the white, thus showing that the immutable laws of nature are stronger than human laws, and cannot be vio- lated with impunity.For these reasons, therefore, and for every consideration that can appeal to the patriotism and the self-interest of the people of New Eng- land, we hope that the two elections which will take place ia a few days will result in the discomfiture of a party whose platform iseach of their systems. They have a political editor, a philosophical editor, a war editor, a religious editor—in fact an editor for every- thing—and, in addition, a drunken editor, who tumbles about, breaking his shins between the big dictionaries, and knocking his head against the King's English, and finally goes off into a gentle snooze while pursuing the slippery logi- cal sequence, which eludes his grasp with the agility of Mr. Toodles' hat. The drunken editor is the latest speciality in journalism, and is what the lobby would call " a big thing.'* Let us have more of him.THE LOBBY- ALLIANCE AT ALBANY AGAINST THE CITY ot NEW YORK.—We understand that an al- liance has been entered into in the Albany lobby between the parties who got up the mammoth Gridiron Railroad bill which passedreport teas qniet and in small supply. Silks were marked out beforehand. Like their opponents,firm. The demand for money at London continued active, and the market had somewhat improved. At Liverpool the cotton market closed active nud steady. But little doing in provisions; breadstudk qoie'. and ttteady.ern demagogues,by his master like a bullock.he is protected as a person, by the law, against the violence and cruelty of hh> master, wke merely owns his services for life, and whose in- terest it is to take as good care of him as ke would of a valuable horse.Thus it will be seen that the overrating mo- tive of eelf interest operates in opposite direc- tiens upon the labor systems of the North ui the South; and. though it is true that the re- cent strikes have been precipitated by Norther- fanaticism operating on the South so as to induce it to partially withdraw its custom, ta* disease is chronic, and its causes lie further back. As to the effect of the strikes on *aefor puttie exhibition at some place of amusement. He still maintains his cheerfulness and composure,progress, and destruction to that matchless sys- tem of liberty invented and erected for us by our Revolutionary ancestors, a sacred temple, whose ruins, if republican fanaticism should prevail, posterity will water with their tears,trator of the murders'on the Spray, still remains inthe Jersey City prison. He will be examined by a tion will settle down upon two or three men. United States Commissioner this morning, andArrangementB have^been made at St Joseph,error, but we print them, on the responsibilityof our cotemporary, for the benefit of our object; the scheme to lease water lots to a setretrieve—so far aa the South is conoemed ; at Over oae hundred and twenty dollars were collect- leaat it cannot be repaired t t F « # - H e *Tlse New Knglsmd system, upon the whole, is a bad one, and is oneFrom all the recent intellifeaoe we have ft the Mflg 4f#ur primary elections and grog- ^ ' " H * ~ - ^ k - t the >*trop«_ of K t -lork u bemg ^ u and bartered away * * »and one hundred dollarsfrontanother society, in aid of the strike, and the meeting adjourned with cheers for the Union and the grand labor move/atdrill this spring. heat of the battle is to come. The Douglas men, The news by the Bohemian, received yesterday by thepress, tended to depress the market for cotton, but by making a new man captuiu of the host,like one of the Roman Emperors who imposed only in his articles, which are sometimes (ear-OM'".Bn<»BK EALL, 408 uriad ureet.-Htrn Mi«- l«rivst3 despatches subsequently received gave accounts would be in a position to claim from him as traSU M &OSOS, DASOSS, BTIBLBKiaW, SC-OOWK Uf ALA-a tax upon one of the most filthy of the excre-tions of the human body, and said the part, we profess to be able to see as money derived from it smelled particularly far into a millstone as most people, aud sweet, they regard the almighty dollar as thefairest and purest of earthly objects, and as to the meaning of some of the writers of*ilu _____OPTTV L^CBTM Yonxers—WOODs MIWSTSELS 15BTBlOPU.f S050S, DiKftS, AC.r,oU)B#CXS JfTSIt; HALU So "M Broadway - 8* .an eoiBtB or TMB CKA««BK COKOSKT I M M..p to a "iter penoJ of a more favorable character, which T- ,te-l for a Une a Uater feeling. The sales embraced kl>o :t 1500 bales, closing mainly on the basis of quota lions fiven ia another column. Flour was heavy and ami, v.rub a mcderate demand from the domestic trade': nicst tcscnpirons of medium and common gradesmuch, if not more consideration, than they would obiain from their acknowledged leader. They would drop Mm as the whigs abandoned Clay and deserted Webster, two men who, to judge from popularfully and wonderfully written. For our ownTRIPLE SHEET. • iv «i>o-t live cents per barrtl bwer. Wheat was unchanged and sales quite small Oorn was m>:re active, with freo sales witmn the ran^e of nrees r;ven in another place. Pork was rather firmer Hew f o r k , W r d - t i d a y , Marcia 98, 1800. COTme»s. with tolerably free sales, both on the spot aud lor tutu'-e delivery, including new mess at $13, aad newdemonstrations, were adored with a degree of sweeter by far than the ottar of roses. With the incomprehensible school; but our con-the dollar they prosecute their missionary temporaries occasionally throw out a iiiaster-schemes to the ends of the earth, and piece in the way of rigmarole, the purportHAILB FOR EUROPE.the black and against the white man—for w_e pr:me at SH 25 a $14 S7V Sugars were steady and As to who will receive the support of Douglas* like the sons of kings. Without money a essay, with its affecting account of the adoles- his wants compel the white man to continue toTkvo Now 101k Herald—Edition for K « r o p e .not afford to pay for a pew in church he must chef cTntuvre of this school, a Venus de Medicisinridge, or an entirely new man. The Conven- take a back seat, and he is very lucky if he compared to a plaster cost. Another of our sometimes finds, to his misfortune and dismaySubaciiDUona and auveruscuents for any ellton of tha all sidea a fair chance, we haje printed, in our Niw Y ooi HEUID will be receirod at the following places impression of to-day, several extracts from thela Karepe —.. Sampooo Low, Son 4 Do.. 47 Lndfaio HOI.^a,GSUttNsx. A•» CMiul.»,74~4K"*,i'•aifttfj W~ lilUlllialtoiliaIWtrCeIolkt. Pinw r.anafg, Balawia a: Co.. 9 place ds la BourseUraaroot,. Iaoatut, Starr & Co.. No. 0 Cbape! street R. Stoart, 10 Exc_aog« street, Kast.Haras Ian«tn», Baldwin k Co., _1 rue CornelUo. HAXBI KG. .lx> Chapeauronge 4 Co.democratic presses bearing upon the question as to who shall be selected as the standard- bearer of the party in the coming Presidentialcanvass. In these extracts both the Douglas and the anti-Douglas clique are represented,of b;s life, and he must perish from want if chanty will not keep him alive.It is totally different with the labor system of the South. It is the interest of the planter or manufacturer who owns the services of the negro for life to treat him well, because if ke treats him badly he dies prematurely, or ke runs away, or he becomes sick, and in sickasaand in old age he has a legal claim for support upon his master. He is free from care aai anxiety, and never dreams of want Hence thethat the Washington Constitution is greatly ex-ercised by some of the remarks that we have in the Opera house, and the most pro- novelty we determined to investigate as to Southern blacks compared with the seureirecently made in connection with the public minent pews in our churches; in fine, its cause. We believed that we had some little temper and sickly frames of the free negroes printing. In order that there may be no mis- that black men should have the privi- journalistic knowledge, but have to acknow- and mulattoes of the North.active, w:ta sales of about 1,400 a 1,500 hhds., 500 boxes Havana, and 9 OCO a 10,000 bags Manila, at rates given in another o:ac» Coffee was quiet but firm. Freights were steady. Among the engagements were some 13,000friends no one can tell at present. It may be man's piety avails him nothing; for if he can- cent sympathies oi the Mincio's elbows, is a sell his labor from week to week, or froaTb-» contents of the Erao—AS Fnrrtox OF THB HKSALO the former by Forney's Philadelphia Press, and fumigated and renovated, so as to come outwill ft.inbtne the news received by mail an-1 telegraph at the Utter by the fire-eating Charleston Mercury, ttte office during the previous week and up to the hoar of a very influential journal in what Mr. Sewardnew after a four years of penance and absti- nence, from even a smell of the fiaeh-pots. After Charleston they will have, poor fellows, nowhere else to go.THE C'»NORK8SIIINAL PRINTTXO.—We perceivepabucattoo.Ttte \tvri,By the arrival of the Bohemian at Portland wecalls the capital States. A third clique, which regards Douglas as a dead cock in the pit, finds an organ in the Washington Star, which gently ambles General Joe Lane up and down the Presidential course, saying we are not exactlyhonors of the White House; that black Sena-tors should sit in Congress, 6ide by side withduced them.hare intelligence from Europe four days Later thanprevious advices. Italian aflkirs were still in onunsettled and feverish condition, and nothing had in the market, bat if you wish for a very supe-Seward; that anf array of black beauty andbeen definitely agreed upon u to their future destiny rior article, the thing might possibly be ar-by the great Powers. The question of the annexa- tion of Savoy to Prance still agitated political cir* elee, and an excited debate had occurred incorrespondence, from reliable sources, go to second campaign against the Moors had been show that the leaders of the democratic partyranged.All these indications, as well as our privatelege of marrying the white daughters of the ledge ourselves beaten in the speciality alluded Anglo Saxon race, and producing a mongrel to. The journals referred to have systems ofThe difference between the treatment of met whose services are owned by capitalists for a limited period and those of men owned for life U exemplified in a remarkable manner in the case of the Chinese coolies, who are workedalmost to death in the seven years which thej are bound, and endure more real hardship thai the negro slave for his whole life. Nor is the negro a chattel, as he is represented by Nortk-the democrats have been a little bothered withif he were, be might be killed Instead ef thata multiplicity of candidates.tlemen, all upright and able statesmen - a l l sound upon the principles ef the democratic party representing all sections, here, there and everywhere, all ready and anxious to dispenseWe hare news from Vera On/, to the toth itulThe military conference ha.< been dissolved, andthe eiege ol the city recommenced. The conference the loaves and fishes to the true believers, have mer should occasionally wound the susceptibi- agiet-u upon _n armistice, but Lite Juarez governmoot disapproved of its terms, because they did notbtiffii irutly guarantee the constitution of 1857.We have news from Venezuela to the Gth inst. Tie gtvernment forces had succeeded in defeating the irovps of Falcon and Sotilio, in the vicinity of Sa.i Fernando, the former retreating with about a thousand men towards Portuguesa, and the latter, wita J. -.niaher force, in the direction of Barceioaa Ccngre>s would soon meet, a quorum of repre»eu- tattvts being present at Caracas. It was believed that Tcvar would be elected President by the popular vote. He had addressed au urgent request to Gen. Paez to return to the country.The interest felt in the oyster sloop tragedies still pervades the public mind. Numbers visited Johnson in the Tombs yesterday, among whom were his wile, and an artist, who took a cast of his headThe report of Mr. Haskin, which we publish-ed yesterday, doea not give all the facts con-nected with the history of these printing abuses. fraught with destruction to the commercial re-been put forward by their friends, and ,have had guaranteed, beyond all question, more votes than the Convention will have members. But as the time waxes brief before the eventful day shall dawn, the twenty patriots drop off, one by one, and the unterrified seem to be set-lities of the political speculators that profit by it, they should have the good sense to feel that they have only themselves to blame for it.n California is two dollars, each additional word into the Convention with an apparent strength ground tor self felicitation on either side.rectness before the court. It says; "If the a measure of corruption for a few speculators, Board will venture to test the validity of the and an array of other jobs which this mostwbeyond that of any other candidate. His eighty, or even one hundred votes, come, however, fromWed no foundation tor tne silly report D**"*** iO years of age, ana was a native of Germany.of t h e s e s of passengers on steamers. The sub- doubtful States. So these men cannot be en- fere with the responsibilities that journalistsject was f_efly laid erer for foxtlmr eousklerntion tirely ignored.l Opposed to Mr. Douglas stands owe to the public. On the commercial in-nearly twenty per cent upon their capital, andThe charges, it will be seen, are of a very forty per cent open their cost The six roads of John McI>eoB»a lad about M*tef«rea- « • £ , „ rThe primary republican elections of tarn city tookholdanliquettatthe New"l"*^**? _£ ^ serieus character, amounting to gross profli- now before the Legislature will be worth dled trom tbe effect of in.tart« " « » * _ * g _ £ ^ £ .place last evening in the different wards, for u» nearly the whole South—the section from which e *ho electoral votes for the democratic can-tailing fromfnia *agoa at _.e_ooreer et Oadsoa as* °* gacy, drunkenness, indecency and extrava- twenty millions more—in all, thirty millions. merely streets, on Monday.purpose of selecting delegates to the State Conven- tion at Syracuse, which is to be held on the l.sth of Apitt. This Convention will elect the delegates toKiuau BT FAUXM; Dows ST-IUS -Corsaer acLJ^°Over twenty gen-Mr. Douglas supported the adminielAtioa Of Mr. Buchanan from the start, the Ulinoto Sena- tor might have walked into the White House without half so much wear and tear, mentally aadbodily,ashesufferedduringhisSenatorial campaign; but he aaw fit to rebel, aad aow the South wiU not have him at any price. He may be Warwick—he cannot be King.Then as to the course of Mr. Douglas' friends, who may have the Convention to theii hands. Ithasbeenconfidentlystatedinvariousquar- ters that unless the Senator should be nomi- nated his supporters would bolt This was said to be the understanding with Forney, Adrain, and other fishy democrats, who turned around upon Mr. Buchanan because theyreceived from Connecticut and Rkede Island,we come to the conclusion that It Is highly pro-bable these States will be carried by the con-servative elements, against the revolutionary would be to embody seme new plan in theH^jihts and privilege,, Wa corruptMIkConvention have their private interest! to lookout for; they are seat to see that their friends ot those States are already seriously affectedot tile Northern capitalist to make ailaffection passing the love of woman. Call it selfishness, ingratitude, or whatever you please,whereas the services of the negro are owned for the great fact remains the same. Conventions, with the dollar they purchase or build for of which even the seventh son of a seventh son lite—a difference that is completely in favor sflike corporations, have no hearts to speak of. themselves very handsome houses, and live could not make out. The famous QuadrilateralLane, or Orr, or Houston, or Hunter, or BreckThe Cunard mail Btean_sh.r> ASM, Capt Lou. will leave busaels corn, in bulk and in bags, for Liverpool, on|pri- tion will look only to the doctrine of availa- gets a seat at all. At all the religious anniver- cotemporaries published several articles upon that he cannot get employment, and ia thatthis port to day, for LiwrjKXil.Tlw Bails for Europe will close in this city at half /aitaiae 0 ciock tL_? morning.T_» Ernot-_i<i torr.o> gt THE US_.II.:> will bo pusUshedat cue o'clock la Uut m>ra.2g. single coyuat, n wrap- prrt, eix conta 'vatete.su.Probable Action of the Charleston Con-vention—The Shies Clearing.in carrying out our invariable rule to givesaries, the Alpha and Omega, the first and the the late Mr. Choate, headed "Choate."v 7 contingency he has no claim on the maanfacti-bility and strength in the Central States.In conclusion, we cannot refrain from ex-pressing our heartlelt sympathy for tkeFot uey-Haskin clique, who will be utterly ruined un- money they can. And what was the object of wont to puzzle simple minded jurors. Since being able to save a cent for a rainy day, keless Mr. Douglas is nominated. They have the American Revolution of 177C? It was mo- Mr. Choate s death, the same pen has been de- has no right to a sustenance from the manufac- hung to his skirls, trusting to a bolt, if not a ney—to gain sixpence—to 6trike off six cents voted to "Cashing,'7 "Cushing,'' "Cushing." turer to whom he has sold his labor (or the restnomination, and doing the interesting martyr dodge in the meantime. They must be pre- pared to resign their offices, to assume the peni- tential sackcloth and the atoning ashes, and to return to the coal-hole, there to be politicallyfrom the price of a pound of tea. Money is Mr. Cushing is a clever man, and has Ceni'ucius the representative of value of every kind, at his fingers' ends, but we are sure cannot piety included. And what is this question of ascertain the meaning of his journalistic op- religion and conscience that is placed in the ponent. Yesterday, •'the streets" were taken scale against the interests of the people of up and ventilated (not cleaned) in the ultra- New England ? It is the worship of the al- incomprehensible style. The streets have been mighty nigger—that a black President should muddy before, but never in such a condition be elected, and some lovely Dinah do the as that to which the article we refer to has re-tling down upon live or six of the most popular For the last forty years the public printing has lations between the North and the South, de- so triumphantly through the Senate, and the leaders. From that residuum the Convention been made the means of emasculating the Wash- struction to the manufacturing interests of New parties interested in the other six small grid-last thing, is money. And what is that for which men associate tiJ|ether in political com- munities ? It is that they may make all the•Choate,hensible than any of the oratorical eccentrici- sickness or old age overtakes him, wiuost ties with which that distinguished advocate waswill have no particular difficulty in selecting a ington press. Up to 1828 the Kational InMli- England, destruction to the labor of the peo- irons now in the House of Assembly. Thisstrong man. ijvm > r enjoyed whatever pap was derived from ple, destruction to the value of property, de- manoeuvre means nothing less than a combined great political issue oi the day. there Is a'Under all these circumstances, the position it, and, being of the old fog\ order of journals,of Senator Donglas becomes an object of seri- j it kept it by its subserviency to both housesous consideration. He will go into the Con- | 0f Congress. It was not until Jackson came their present prosperity and their future vention with from seventy to one hnndred votes, j i n t 0 office as President and organized the de-leading the poll, probably, ou the first ballot. | mocratic party on a military basis, that theThe anti-Douglas men go with their strength j practice of giviDg the public printing to politi- divided between several candidates, and they j c a l organs sprung up. Its effect of course hasattack upon all the rights, privileges and fran- chises of the city of New York, without consult- ing the wishes of its inhabitants, and is one of the most gigantic swindles ever perpetrated upon a great city by a gang of vaga- bond politicians and rapacious speculators. The alliance between the interests of George Law and Thuilow Weed . thus effected in the lobby will in all proba- bility be secured also in the House. And what w ill be the result? Not only will these six rail-doubt that their tendency is to operate agaiiit republicanism, for the manufacturers are fa' the most part of that fanatical creed, as. •* probability is that the strikers will take tic opposite side, particularly as the imaied-Ue cauee of their suffering is mired up with Joki Brown's raid. Helper's book, the irrepreWo-* conflict manitesto of Seward, aud the geaer». course ot the republican leaders and i-belr or- gans at the North.f»Otl<«- Intelligent-*.THB ItnoTvr PAI> CA>-* RRK<TIOS[.—Cader tn*ca?t«will scatter upon Guthrie, Dickinson, been to Dip in the germ whatever independenceand docs aot appear to apprehend the leaat danger Hunter, Breckinridge, Orr, loe Lane, or usefulness the Washington newspapers and sigh in vain for the freedom that has beenfrom ihe serious charge against him.Jackalow, the Chinaman, accused as the rerpe-aDd perhaps several others. The two- thirds rule will not be abrogated, and after ba! loting a day or two the majority of the Conven-might have possessed. No journal could resist the blighting influence of government patron- age, which, in destroying the confidence of thelost forever.TUE CHARGES AGAINST THE TEX GOVERNORS.—road bills be merged into the mammoth grid- of" A Sad Stnry,' we i4thed a paragraps is «i' * M public in its hone-ty. rendered it wholly de- The charges recently made by one of our co- iron bill, and the whole franchises of our city of the 21«t inst to Uv !,-ct tuat a young iady baii-SI probably sent to Trenton for trial. Jackalow ap- and the Douglas delegates, having kept togeth- pendent on this precarious means of support. temporaries against the Almshouse Governors railroads be swept away from us, but a host of from IJttIeralh,Herku_rrcc.ut/, in this State, ardpac-'n|pears to be in high spirits, and enters freely into er, will select one of these canaidates. giving Tt has been customary with the opposition to have created considerable excitement in many other schemes, designed vto plunder this city ucJer the assumed nao.-< H Coroeci Gannon, fa<: ****conversation. He was yesterday visited by an offi- him the nomination instant- rcer who was attached to the Japan expedition of This is a common sense view of the matter,Commodore Perry, and who was on the steamer' and is founded, first upon the hypothesis thatMisstawppiwhenJackalowwastakenonboardfromone of the Loo Choo Islands. Our report, giving the invariable practice of conventions undercast on the democracy the blame of all the corruption exercised by means of the public print-ing:but the opposition itself,underthe abouttoinvestigatethem. Thepublicarena-aeCuoeu under promise ul ••. ;rriage, and broigh: te Ne» York bs her lever; and tL.u the gut was ?U"-»CT^<-IJL> rercueti from a most horr.bk- life by her brottt r, ass taktabcn,e. Piece tne publication of the paragraps a question,welearnthattoeycangladvInquestion«a« iber a native nor a reswent of Litti«- Fails Her re_U.» «•.Mr. Douglas cannot be nominated; second, upon different political denominations it has as- turally anxious to know precisely what these sumed since the time of Jackson, has grave charges are, and we therefore publishby which the city will lose several thousand I appears, wire auxins to oonca' her r<»al place o re* denc>- Had gave the name of little Falls merely le tar»»*• police ana the public on the wrung scent Coronets.- Inquests Yesterday.Kocsr. Dw>wxu> —Marfcn Beuler, a jeweUer, resJdiag st 46 Green—ch street, who has beet, ncteing for the is* ten weeks, was ound drowned at pier No. I SmUj.^v vesterday morning. When last seen stive * » * » i « under U»c wtlu..-ncc ol i^uor, and the general t*i* eeesis to be that be fell overboard while in t ^ « m x uon. There were some rwnore of foul r-tey " » f 0 TM " ^ H i this case, bat a thorough w ^ ^ ^ ^ T ? at the bands of Coroner Scfiirmer, showed taattne_; _interesting details of that affair, and such other facts ae have been developed in relation to the prisoner, will be found elsewhere.been very noisy, and perhaps a little bit over- the desperate fight made by the republicans for Mo . to run a weekly express, commencing on the zealous in pushing him forward. Wise, of Vir- the llouse printing shows the importance 3d of April next, to Virginia City, the first station ginia, was pressed in the same way, but now he which they attach to this convenient lubricator on tne California telegraph line, in eight days. has weakened materially, as he cannot command of party machinery; so that, as far as the morali-The express rates are not yet fixed, bot the tarifT the support of his own State. Douglas goes ty of the thing is concerned, there is but little *&r telegraphing the first ten words to any pointdollars income per annum; the Harbor Mastersimilar circumstances.Now. as to Mr. Douglas. His friends have it to account. In the present Congress know nothing about them, as to their truth or fortune hunters from all parts of the State; theever shown itself as ready to turnto-day the article from the Tribune in full. We job, which will afford fat places for politicalAlthough the amount of public money that is profligately squandered under the present print-navy i SeMte < ir_;^_]l^r -^ y -~« »y- &»•• under any circumstances, cast an electoral vote eration, we feel that it is secondary in Its evils? T - f ^ ^ " * "*"*>«** were ottered, butn o d e f i n m v . ^ - ^ . ^ « for the democratic candidate. Still, their mo- to the pernicious influeuce which it egerciseh from the evidence which we would draw even year. The four roads now in operation are streets, bv "being run over .tea cents.Ihe bfll to incresse and regulate the pay of thedamning charges we brought against them inunholy alliance has mapped outThe railroad franchises alone, which oreany court where we can compel the positive Northern and Western States, which will not, ing system is a matter of the most serious consid- disclosure of the truth, we think we mightRanao-r. CASCAUT - A a Inquest was held at the 1 our - teenth precinct station house npon the body of aa^ZTXZ?**'^°CeU|*d - ~«conaidera ral influence may be important when the strug- on the press. In no free country bhouW such from the noisiest and rowdiest Members of theB fretaht cars. The iury exonerated the ° TM ' _ * ! ,worth some ten millions, and they actually pay b]__e, and rendered a verdict of -Sccideal-1 death Vamcia (_*c-i.rv.-Coro_er Jsckman was amiBSdi»ttonof thebiU to _ ^ a W « . « r e * ~ ^ S j gle comes, and may sway one or two of thea demoralizing inducement be allowed to inter-Board itself.''struction to the peace of the couutry, destruc- tion to the Union of the States, destruction toquarters, as well as among the members of the Board, who, as we have before stated, areand rob it of its just rights, will be successfully carried through by the same corrupt agency.ThereistheWestWashingtonMarketplan.readers. The Tribune of yesterday, however, we perceive, alleges that it can prove their cor-of hungry politicians, which, far from being asource of profit to the city, will be reduced toterests of newspapers themselves, its resultsare, as we have shown, disastrous. Thus, whilstdidates must come chiefly. Mr. Douglas is a year after year the plunder from tho public gance on the part of some of the Governors; The franchises of all these roads, if disposed of be'd sa inquest at the New York Hospital « * « ^ ?_lr•"•flM*1" man, an experienced statesman, a printing has been gradually swelling until it and it becomes the duty of the Legislature to by the Corporation to the highest bidder, as ofwutnTflollaad, a native of ^ ^ J ^ ^ ^ iwho died fro* the <fleetsof Injuries *«2f""_-_Z_, ,_, the Chicago Convention, to a<**emUe on the lath •hong camfdgtt", aad one of the real repie has reached a million of dollars annually—_ examine closely into them. The Legislature they ought to be, would bring in enough to by failing down a tight of stairs at 21 J * * * - " " * 'of May.The shoemakers of New Yock held a meeting atthe Cooper Institute last night to qpmpathhte wiUftJ^lL*^wUch&e-•republicitssumwhichtheyearlyreceiptsoftheH_ULDhasauthoritytosendforpersonsandpapers,payalltherunningexpensesofthecitygo-ine24t_instant.VerSkn,''Aoodenuldsaui.i l l ^ * <*-^ He are _ow almost equal to, and will veiy soon and can thus elicit all the facts in the case. If vernment, and thus reduce the taxes to anBow_TTH_taa-Mr. t MMf «"»«*"T"_/. „ would h_w_ U!!_!^ ea-4t*1 President, and we exceed -tie papers, that have been subsidized the conduct of the Almshouse Board be what equitable and endurable ratio. Can there be a n«.i at this house on Monday, playing - _*_***" ,theLynnstrikers.Theroomwasnearlyhalffilled,Hould-avssupportedhimwithDleasun.h^ byithavebeensinkinganddyingoutlike itisalleged,itshouldbeabolishedaltogether. greateroutragethanfortheLegislatureto anaudiencewtkvcrowdedthe_n_M^^J^ P,t»-.tad speeches were dclirered by Hii Dr»fV, 13.3 IT"THTK"^^Mn°ytngoutlike andsomenewmodeofmanagl_gcarpublicin-Istealthepropertyofthecityintitisfashion,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069MrEddy^^J*^S^C t toUntitled Documentamended charter, giving the appointment of one commissioner to the Mayor, or to the three heads ofthe executive departments -the Mayor, Comp- troller and Corporation Counsel—concentrating all the duties and all the responsibility of go- verning this department to some one man com-even to have a glimmering occasionallyMetropolitan Health bill, introduced with a likeabout to be stolen from the people of this citysafely attempt to prove our case, and more, by wholesale, are worth several millions a o*\ morning at the comrser of « c ' ^ ^ ^ . - ^ r e a* ***r «f tft*month to month, for the whole of hia life, ht"Choate, ' and far more incompre- rer, nor on any one else, for bread, aad whetThe frequent developement of this speci-fashion should occupy the front seats ality has interested us not a little, and as a robust health and the happy disposition of tktknown'man, about 40 years cf sge.who was TM«ff£ www.fultonhistory.com, aid playea Uidiridtufe? It ha» r<mr. 