 **•;J|i IIn•i. i Sa climate in Jeseening'the moral stimulus to it through the greater ease with which the physical wahts of man can there be provided for. There is a certain degree of truth in thiB, though the argu- ment has often been pushed to a point beyondor conquer it.' —Mr. John O. Woodruff, a prominent merchant of New-Orleans, and well known in New-York, died last week from injuries resulting from being thrown from a carriage. 'Mr. Woodruff was a native of this city,,and received his mercantile education in the shipping-house of E. K Cotlins & Co. In 1845 he went to New-Or- leanp, where he establiahea-the houio of John O. Woodruff 6c Co., in connection with bis brother, Jas.'1s northerly or southerly of this line,; is the weather <?aSifJ§fJ! SSjj OTterwisev The land wind never lov^a with any violence, nor even with any force.all the creeks and jrivers.to overflow their banks. The effect of" fise dry seasons on vegetation may be compared, to a certain extent, to that of Winter inand Dr. esq., and good men anda monfetors/our feet in bight, was similarly decorated in miniature. After breakfast there were speeches, of course; and it is unnecessary to say that the Americans-.8 •irfibe topography and toil of British Guiana, for this opinion. It probably originates m the end-sow to its climate and seasons—circum- less varieties to which the climate * subject m thishuman constitution, both' are consideredwhen once regularly, established. It is times been very serious in the case of ignorant, in-mmm****K BBXJTJ8H6V1ANAAND/—>n»ftnii<«rt»..-: ., » • -• • '• ' ••6LAJ>8* n* 3ABBADOE8*can exultingry premises four thousand majority next *,C L B a ^ B AKD SEASONS OF BBIUSH GUIAKA.il i i case with the coeoanutj tree, which alwiiyif ei ; I stages of progression, and clusters of newby the slight smart which the presence of the chigo under the skin occasions, they take care to extract it before any mischief is done—a process in which they are very dexterous; hut the results have some-itself: . —One hundred and twenty-seven guns were fired' in Savannah, on Wednesday, in honor of the seceding delegates from the Charleston Convention. Tne feel- ing in Charleston appears to bs strongly in favor Of the seceders, for, The Herald correspondent says that..oft* Scgentlem [Associat Dg.a syatti city, ifna caliod iArts and Science! Thd Committfe a repbrt Ttrithi aStttet{Comm:&Bioi poflalsforth«coii!xepoti^rna adoj)t« Adjonmcd till or\ ••:..•*.! '•,;•••. :,"'';] ' BOABThe Board ntet Mr. Jotne^ thej }'i "A reeolotion vrepectorto Mfotm avenaee are not <The Controller tion, tba* he h^d I Inapoctor's offipe^r annnalrentof !?-iof tho Common ' him-to 'proenre 1 Keferred to th»! CMx. <31KSKT tl monthly stateccei of Corporation 01 coUectod is ML$, ITho reeolnti<»n c priate $3,000 to c to defray tbe e roe Common Conn il <Mr PiKCKKjfr iJ$1,000 was'guijcie time to limtf till th oorerthe whole e bat there'wool'd be graphing,, engrtivnjfcwfcg given in $ « preceding article a detcrrp-But there does not seem to be any good foundationo the effect of the dry and wet seasons on©f no leti importance in their bearing uponfee industry, productive?***, and social usages of made or record k e p C ^ d a. to whichjhe unas-transition from the.wet to the dry weather,experienced, and uncared-for immigrants. • •'-;•'1;,•eceleny.From the close vicinity of British Guiana to theequator, an<l &om the effects of the trade windssisted judgment or memory .is not to be trusted. The Little Rainy season is expected to.begin in the latter part of November, and to last till the end ofeijpeciaBy from the Great Rait y season to the Great" Dochjaw is also of much more frequent occur- I liyj season, that is reckoned as the sickly part of rence than in more temperate climates. InfantsChicago Convention. .PERSONAL.marked "variations in- tie statebeing of animal and vegetable life a r e mainly affected,are. not those of heat and^cold, but of wind and .rain. Of the winds, it may be remarked, that 'though violent squalls are in the rainy seasons ofbeen accustomed. It is these, together with thechance of.. acquiring property and raising their ng in a field, when bis attention was attracted by the taxation for thesepurpose*. ^ ' :yT i e m o s tweather and thoseby which the vigor and well- and disastrous to the crops. These, however, areof thethe inhabitants, who are put to distress for water,occasional. occurrence, yet that such a. thing as a inches. The greatest fall in any one year, that oflong-continued «torm, or even a gale, is entirely un- known. Vessels may anchor safely at any season of the year along any part of the shallow coast. Like• the whole belt of the earth, within ten degrees of the eqaator, and which might properly enough be de- nominated the equatorial zone, Britiih Guiana is1819, was a hundred and thirty-two inches.. Thesmallest, that of 1853, was about seventy-seveninches. But according to the export returns these tim« 4. This however, is a topic which, as well as the variations do not appear to have materially affectedthe crops either of these or of the succeeding years.Accurate'observations have never been made, but it con: jtriis; we ehall consider more at length in is commonly supposed that' some parts of the coast speixing of Barbados, whore the experiment hasREPUBLICANCONVENTION AWARE. !IN DEL-east south-east to north north-west, woald mark offthe domains of- each, and, accordingly as the wind scend in torrents, flooding the country and causingtil every available place in the large room was occu- preceded by the bride in a sedan chair, went,to a hotelAmount of deficiency in the sum realized from theas-seismcnt for benefit on account of the opening ofv»enuai rus............*yw........................154,1«»»Its prevalence is indicated by what might be called, our climate. Continued dry weather checks thenotsonmchawiad,asadeadcalm.Therainy growthofmostplants,.andgivesthem,asWinter seasons, of. which, on the coast, 'there are two in does, a season of rest and recuperation. This iseach^yeexrrespecial^ the Great Eainy eason, so true even of the sugar cane, especially in its earlier01curSummer months, are stages. After it has attained a certain size, it has the penods of, these land winds, which prevail a remarkable power of withstanding the drouth, especially m the night, and early morning. Proba- though during the protracted dry weather itsMr. Bradford, on the part of the Business Committee,otier marked charscteristic of the climate is a reported a eeries.of resolutions, which, were adopted were well forward in the oratorical van.gtendencytoulceratioo,inconsequenceof withoutadxasentingvoice.Theplatformdeclaresfor —TheBostoncorrespondentofaCanadapaper the preservation of the Union, and the supremacy of the.*?**$<Vf**** ^ ^>rly attended to, may assume 'a very seriouscharacter. The insect known as the chigo, or ereignty, and the heresy that the Constitution'of its dolccfar niente'of the town.i_-_^-^r^ii-.. v^iL.'^..- tsasi-sati _*-.:.-.MSffSSBSJBWStBWWnot felt tffl 2 er 3 o'clock inthe afternoon, and then isfrequently feeble and mtermittent It is an opinionconstantly expressed in British Guiana, as so oftenelsewhere, that the seasons have changed of lateyears, and that the alternations of wet and dry areby no means so uniform and regular as formerly. bw'ssoms•v*i+mi**-^-T .-.m,Tr e j e c t , of which no 'exact observation has beenwhich blow almost constantly upon its coasts, upon January. The rain at this season comes from the' which almost its entire population is concentrated, north-east The showers, though often very heayy, tl )se especially in. which remittent andintermit-Perry, one of the two delegates from South CaroHaa^, who remained in the Convention, was hissed by thi1hk colony enjoys the advantage, so far as heat and are on the whole less so than thoie of the Greatgalleries every time he cast a vote.• ,...'-'•old are concerned, of a great uniformity of teco-perature, extending.through the whole year. The ues to prevail while they are falling. From thenean annual heat is about 80° of Fahrenheit, the mscrimum and minimum, which are seldom touched, *^ 90°ana74°.|A* British Guianajieste the north of the equa- tor, the coolest and hottest weather—dependent, as they are, upon the sun's position—occur in the same months as with us. The coolest months are Jannary, February, and March, and the hottest those ef July and August The intense heat which Adght he expected from the sun's double passage ever the zenith of the colony between the months of March and^eptember is mitigated by the canopy *f thick clouds and by the heavy and frequent rainsthe inhabitants to whatever race they may belong.PUBLIC MEETINGS:-which characterize that period of the year; towhich also the favorable exposure of the colony tothe sea contributes, as from the direction of the agreeable. Clouds of dust are whirled upward byfo i-tnoee races adapted by constitution and habit to topical cumate.The yellow fever, that scourge of our Southern•its, and which" appears annually in so many of esharbors and islands of the Gulf of Mexico and ej Caribbean Sea, has made its appearance inlitifh Guiana, only at long intervals, »hd*has then limited very much to certain .distrusts of licrgetown, and confined in' its attacks moftly to tilors on board the ships in the river, 'though occa- sionally affecting other new comers, and in a few ciies, even old residents. It appeared in 1793,so >n after the first British occupation of the colony, ai ill gain in 1819., In both these cases/it speedilydij appeared, nor was it again heard of till 1837.tint year it caused .great mortality among the sail- oi i i, and in 1839 broke out with violence; among theand steady persevering toil they fall deciuedly be-iowthe average to which we are accustomed in(this climate, and even below that of the negroes of1'our Southern StateB..From! the fact that a strong and active negro laborer in th^e W est Indies will often perform in four or five hours the amount of labor which under the prevailing task system is paid for as a day7B work, the conclusion is often drawn that he might if he chose, go on. laboring at the same rate, and thus perform two jor three, tasks a day; and his omis- sion to do so ia often ascribed by over-zealous plant- en to sheer laziness on"his part, or a want of suffi- cient ambitioti to make money and improve his con- dition. But it by no means followrthat because alaborer :cnooseB,'by'extrabrd5nary 'effort, to perform in four hours a piece of work upon which another spends eight or nine, that he will be able, especially as an ordinary thing, to go on and perform anotheragent of en Indian troupe, had eloped with' a girl 15 years of. age. That paper now says "the statement is utterly and entirely false." The Advertiser should be more careful. '\ '—A Frencbman at Dexter,' Maine, undertook adays since, upon a wager of $10, to saw six cords of wood, two cute, between sunrise and sunset. He ac- complished four cords and seven feet at 6~p. m-, andhen gave up the job.' The Frenchman was carried down to Dexter for the purpose by a hotel keeper, wUo wagered $40 on his head. Ths wood was packed very close to make the feat as hard as possible. Beside hav- ing a man constantly sharpening them, the betting landlord furnished around of pork with which to lu- bricate the sawa.—-An attempt at a duel was made in Charleston on Tuesday. Mr. F. C. Ripley of that place challenged Dr.' Churchill of the steamerW- R« Spaulding, for someCouncilmen, and a committee of five appointed to con- fer with a similar committee from the other B*>acd. and transmit the required information. ^ |d5Sf"A resolution was adopted requesting the C?rp >r*TM,. Attorney to report whetheranyof the complainia com- promised by bun bad been settled after the commence- ment of legal action thereon, and also to state the amount claimed in each action, and how much wan re- tained for his cost*.The Controller pent in the following eommunica- - tions:-'' prieediftho Waoh <li3tribation,"w<-aid I. wL;h to diaparaf/e '! thought IsM. ' i l moved.that thanm . The/jjtiotioQ Trat.concurred "in. I Adjouined to .M<:•:.!., ^ :•coast the trade wind impinges directly upon it. At ascending strata of heated air, and dark discolora-site period, however, above referred to, this latter refreshing benefit is in • a considerable measure lost, ©wing to the failure or intermittency of that wind. Which, though it produces little effect.up*bn the thermometer, is very sensibly felt by the humansubjectI t thus, happens that the mean temperature of each month does not differ much from the mean an- aaal temperature, the principal variations of the thermometer being of a diurnal character and de- pendent upon the position of the sun above or below the horizon. The coolest months show a mean tem- perature of a fraction over 77°, while the hottest do aot much exceed 81° and seldom rise,to 82°. In the sun at noon the thermometer, at all seasons of the year,will rise to 125°.. ,2t is one result of thia uniformity-of temperaturethat small variations of the thermometer, such as inenr changeable climate would hardry.be noticed,produce a marked effect on the feeling* and com-tion/toward the south of the. hitherto clear and clowHess sky, forbode the opening of the Great Rainy season. The rains are expected to com- mence-about the middle of April, and to last till the end of July, with showers, sometimes frequent and heavy, fn August During this season, the rains come from the south-east, sometimes accompaniedby heavy thunder. and Bghtning, though, on the whole, these electrical phenomena are perhaps less marked than with us. In the intervals of the showers, the atmosphere, loaded with vapors, and unrefrfeshed by the breeze from the sea, is often very oppressive, the sensation being something like that of being immersed in a vapor bath. A differ- ence, however, has been noted in the characteristics-of the rain in relation to these results. Someshowers descend in large, heavy drops, leaving the. sky clear and blue, and the air dry and pleasant Other showers fall in small, elongated drops;- they may pour down in equal times equal quantities of rain, but after the rain is over, the air continues to. CITY or NJKW-YOHK, DRPAnxxBifT or PIXAKCB, 1 CONTJIOLLKK'S OFFICK, May 3, 1S60. JGt^ilttntn of the Common Council:The attention of your Honorable bodice in respectfully oallei to tbe fact that the Tax Law of I860, a copy of which waa trant- >nitUidto yon bj the Controller,on tho 19th of April alt, and printed in the journal of the Board of Aldermen on page* 197 ta 212 inclo»ive, contains anthority to the Board of Snpervlsora to raiie monej» by taxation on aecbnnt of the Corporation of the City of New-York for varioos purposes which was not aaked/otby the Conur on Council or the Controller, and in tome few In- stances the amounts askedfor were reduced. «XI^B The following statement shows the amounts appropriated^forcertain specified purposeaby the ^ordinance passed January 27, I860, ana the amounts wbicn the Board of Supervisors .by^tbe aforesaid Act of the Legislature are authorized to raise by .tax•.,. .BOAHl « 'The Board of' Su •STIW ART in thtj chRainy season/*and frequently the sea breeze contin-middle of February to the middle pf April is re-garded as the regular period of the short dry sea-ti i ,ucus heat, combined with a moist cliaoate and agn anipy soil, might ieem evident sources of insa- The fact has -already "been, noted that white men " helper," went at the metal. Their shops were sur- h »i'y. But the colonists maintain that this repu- are not capable, as a general thing, of working ex- rounded through the day with an interested -throng,••- ,so the dry season, especially the shorter one, will be diversified by occasional showers. This is the weather most desired by the planters, to whom long-continued rains and long-continued drouthsare alike uniavorable. . 7f;After the sun passes the zenith of the colony on its journey north, the refreshing trade, which bad blown steadily during the dry weather, suffers a diminution of its force, and veers round to the south of east. As the breeze becomes light and variably so the atmosphere becomes sultry and dis-but it will not do to assume as a standard for this climate, either the hours of labor or the amount ofnedy had made 240 shoes, and McKinney 210. Near the clofie of the contest the "helper" of the latter minted from fatigue. It is not probable that an equal feat has "ever been accomplished before.—The Bridgeport Advertiser and Farmers shortor parties who set fire to tbe tenement house No. 90 West Forty-fifth street, by which twelve persons lost their liyes. • £SOgA communication was received from the acting Mayor stating that he had received a.letter from the agent of the owners of the Great Eastern, announcing; their intention to send the steamer to^this city, and ask-fort of the inhabitants. Such is the case with thediurnal variations to which reference (has been feel damp and foggy. Even in the hight of the rainy gro at dread, from the suddenness of its "attacks,respect men and horses are just alike.horse maytravelsixtyorseventymilesaday,and may even travel at that rate for several days in suc-made. As the sun goes down the thermometer falls season, an entire rainy day is very uncommon. an; from the circumstance -that the most vigorous 1$2,300a degree or two. It continues to fall during the The rain. comes for the most part in successive hea th affords no security against-it But as to the cession, yeteome twenty-five miles are consideredFire Department"Fire and Police TelegraphLands and Places...Police Investigation of 1855Roads and AvenuesSeventh Ilegt. W.Y. St. Miiitia, oamp equipage Steam Fire-Engtnei* .« Supplies for and Cleaning Public Offices..... —u10,000 9,006 . . . . 3,0005,000 30,000 7,000night, and attains its lowest point some two hoarsbefore sunrise, that is—since the variation in thelength of the days and nights is in this latitude but ing out in the intervals. According to the regulara fair average day's work for a horse; and whetherhe performs it at a trot in four hours, or at a walktrifling—about four o'clock in the morning. Theeffect of this small change is very great Upon thecomfort of the inhabitants. Sleep is never pre- part of November. The latter portion of thismore malignant, and occasionally epidemic , are perhaps scourges quite as'much to be cated.used to be tho boast of the colonists thatthe period he takes in which to accomplish it, the longer the period of rest he will require after it is.* The Tax Law authorizes $100,000 to be raised for Fire De- partment, and provides that $2t>.C(K> of that amount shall be used for the purchase of steam bre-enjioes and apparatus con- nected therewith.The 31st section of the Amended Charter of 1857 provide* th»t " annual snd occasional appropriations shall be made by the ^proper ordinances-of the Common Council for every branch andvented by those excessively hot nights which, withas in the heat of Sammer, are often so oppressive.period, after the north winds are thoroughly re- established, constitutes the pleaBantest part of the year. T h e sky is cloudless, and, according to the• Those wbo- have the most overlooked the effect of a tropical Climate in diminishing the physicalshowers, ofteu very violent a ad very heavyf but for the most part ,of short continuance, the sun break-nucib€r of its victims, its effect upon the patient, tlhe poworlesanese of medicine against i t thealternation, the. Great Dry season follows, which" includes thej months of September, October, andA Bnen or cotton sheet generally suffices for bed-clothes, though at some seasons of the year, espe- thermometer, this is the hottest season! But it Is had jescaped the visits of the Asiatic cholera. The capacity for labor, have, however, been inclined tohas appeared in public at least eighty ;times. He is object of the city expenditures and no monty thtdl 6« dravmcially during the rains of the" early months of the year, a blanket to. some constitutions is by no means disagreeable. Coldness and chilliness of the trade wind, which at that season generally blows with vigor and with more north in -it than at any other time, is sometimes complained of, and occasionally produces- colds and sore throats. As a generalthing, however, there is a very great freedom from such affections, and pocket-handkerchiefs, so far at least as the nose is concerned, are by no means the indispensable articles which they so generally are•withus;'" •^. " ?.,.. ; < '/also the d,ryest, and under the refreshing influence of the sea-breeze, cool without being chilly, and the free perspiration resulting from the comparative dryness of the atmosphere, a greater buoyancy and elasticity is felt;* and the heat of the sun iB less op-appEarance of that disorder in December, 1856, put ui end to this boast It disappeared, however, afte)! three or four months, and the number of its victl OQBJ—3,000 in all—was far lees in proportion to:the' vhole population than in many other countries.dwell with strong emphasis upon the effeot of such conscious of his nervous peculiarity, but cannot explainfrom th* City Trea»ury exctpt tilt tame thdll hav* been pr*ti- ouily appropriated/or the purpose /or which it U drawn."-The 28th section provides that "no expense shall be incurred by any of the Departments or officers thereof, whether the ob- ject of expenditure shall have been ordered by the Commonr Council or not, ttnlett an appropriation $!uxll have beenprevwmt- ly made cornering inch ezpenee."It will be seen from these quotations tha'. no expense can law folly be incurred, and no money drawn irons the Treasuryfor pur- pose*^specified in the Tax Law which are notalsocovered byand ' provided for by an appropriation made by a " proper oxdiuano*.'. ••t the Coinmcn Council" Tbe law empowering the Uuard of Supenlsoxs to raise monsy by taxation doe* not chan#« tae re qofrtment in respect to such appropriations. , . '?t i t if,'therefore, reoommer.dcd that adoitional appropri*tion« be;1 he white 'man iB nore, as everywhere ehie*ua&er person visiting British Guiana for pleasure or the IfbpicB.'an exotic; but, likemanyVther exotics,pressive than at any other season of the year. Any health,'should choose this season.The rains are sometimes so protracted and con- tinuous that in some years the Little Dry season can hardly be said to occur.' On the othe'r hand, a pro- tracted drouth occasionally occurs troublesome towhich it can be reasonably carried.as in cold countries,, men need dwellings, household goods, clothes, and food; and what they will be'but raie exceptions to the usual order of things. According to meteorological tables kept in George- town, the average annual fall of rain in the eleven years from 1846 to 18G6, inclusive; was ninety-sixreativo petition in the .community of. which they form a part, which, after the bare wants of nature are satisfied, are the great-stimulants to, exertion;bsrking of a bull-terrier dog, and on looking after him,he discovered the animal engaged in a fight with anenormous eagle. Seizing a stick he ran to the assist-ance of the terrier, who was receiving the worst of itThe attenticu of toU Department hj»s been called to the act) chap. 259, passed April 10, 38»0, entitled " An- act to establish a ln< tropoutan Police District, and to provide for the government thereof, passed Apri} 1*, 1807." Said act provide*, among other thills, that the Board of Metropolitan rottce shall set apart a Metropolitan Sanitajy Police Company, to be commanded by a Captain or Sergeant of Metropolitan Police, and to perform suchhi Delaware..tprday.. Pursuant to previous call on the belts extending from this equatorial zone to the are much more rainy than others. The^ lighter beei |trie,d on a larger scale, and through a longer, of tbe State .assembled in State Convention at Dover,out of the track of. the hurricanes by which the tropics are liable to be desolated. ThisSremarkabledistinction, the freedom from violent commotions of the atmosphere, and the equability of temperatureiaborer3employed in rebuilding the mill, was instantly killed by a dcrriclc falling upon him, caused by the breaking of anineufiicientguy while hoisting a large stone. He had a daughter killed at the time of the great catastrophe.—In Memphis, Tenn., theaters are taxed $250 a year; concerts and shows by traveling minstrel com-'showers which^ occur during the dry season are generally of very limited extentThe tables above referred to show that in theperi Id. j .T e t.thletic v' ;or and general good health of thencgi j population born in the colony,, and who con-TOadopt a platform and to, choose delegates^ Chicago. Tbe movement was a spontaneous one on the part of the people,- uninfluenced by leaders who are accus- tomed to regard every question from the staud-point of expediency. The attendance was excellent, all three of the counties being represented. Every hundred in New-Castle and Kent having jaent their representa- tives; four hundred from Sussex were recognized in the meeting. A tine braes bund came down with the iioithcrii delegation, and discoursed during the day excellent music, serving to keep, every one in good humor. It vtas remarked that these Republicans weie of novpry singular species of animals—that they oid not look much like midnight assassins, or have a hangdog appearance—but they were a respectable body oi men, coming from their respective homes, with a determination adveree to the Democratic partv.by which this equatorial belt is distinguished from •eleven jears which they embrace, there never was stiti re the great mass of the native inhabitants, isthe more northern and southern portions of the trop- ical zone, is frequently overlooked even by very well- informed person*: MissMartineau, who chose De ne- raraasthe scene of one of her political economy stories, exposed herself to a great deal of ridicule on the part of the colonists,by as roming that what was true of Jamaica and other West India islands, of which, she had obtained a knowledge from books, would hold good of JDemerara. Tnus she blasts the coffee on the hills by cold winds.from the north, whereas in Demerara there are neither hills nor norm winds; and she makes the catastrophe of the story .turn' upop a hurricane—a phenomenontota% unknown in the colony. ' ,British-G^niana may be said to have only two winds, the sea breeze or. trade-wind, which comes always from the' east, but accordingly as the sun is south or north of the equator, with a-northerly or southerly deviation, and the land wind, by which, during certain parts of the twenty-four hours, •specially" in the months in which the sun is north • f the zenith, the sea breeze is counter- balanced.or leutralized. A line drawn through *the compassa1 month entirely without rain. \ October was the wrelit I upon as proving the salubrity of the climate, «o f;i r as the African race is concerned. The ques- tion )fthe health of the immigrants brought to the coloi y, subsequently to the introduction of the wages •ystie m, and of the amount of mortality among them, will be considered when, the general subject of im- migktibn comes under review. 'T OEC disorders of the respiratory organs which prov s so fatal in more variable ci mates, consump- tion Included, are hero comparatively rare, though not y ary means of such uncommon occurrence as is g( perjally stated to be the case. The prevailing diso jder is fever, generally interm'rttant, quotidian, tcrtkn, and quartan, but sometimes assuming the pniinued form. It has been obsorvedithat dur- ing the ra'ny season ihe fever tenflWo take on a typl bid and congestive character, while in the dry- seas ip it tends to assume an inflammatory type. The cor sumption of quinine is immense, that being ihe rcnedy in these cases of fever almost entrely rolicttujjpn.: .Change of atmosphere isalso observed oftet| tifhave a marked effect in obttinate cases,ovenj(re:uovalbutforashortdistance,andwherethe distinction of air or surroundings between the two V is not of very marked character. This, ony fever," so called, is ordinarily no morebi( VLB than the fever and ague of our Southern' yVcsteTn States.dryest month, having had in 1854 only three-huud- redths of an inch of rain, and in the years, 1846,panies, $25 for^ach twenty-four hours, or eachexhibi-, Gentlemen <\f the Common Council :1850,greatest quantity for, that month recorded in this table, was in 1848, when there fell six inches and ahalf.tion; other concerts by traveling companies, or by•concerts" or opera troupes, $10 for each twenty-f%urThe requisite autberity having, in pursuance of a resolution of your honorable bodies, been applied for aud ohtsined from tao btate Legislature, to fund and pay tbe Floating Debt of the Cor- poration, accorciDg to the plan suggestea by tbe Controller, and approved by the Common Council, it only remains to carry saidT h eFebruary is also in general, a comparatively dry month. Yet in that same year of 1854, which •furnished' in October the dryest month of the whole pleven years, there fell in February, upward of fifteen inches of rain, which is near the extremeand 1852, little more than half an inch.limit for any month.month of the eleven years was; less than twenty inches and a half, and only thirteen months in the whole eleven years exceeded fifteen inches. Mayand June, according to these' tables, are the two rainiest months, and next to these July,. August, and December. The other seven months are com- paratively dry, especially September, October, and February...'.'..In the interior, the year is marked by only two conspicuous changes. Fronf the month of August tothemonth of March there are onlyoccasional showers. From March to August the rains de-The moiningBeeeion.was held in the Leyy Courtroom; the Convention was organized by the appoint-ment of George'R. Fieher, esq^-of Sussex, as chair-man. • The Vico Presidents were> John Pretcher andAlfred Short, of Sussex, Beniah Tharp and JohnWoodle, of Kent, and the lion; John Wales and Major M'lle. Linoweka held her sword with so much graceAmount of ascertained deficit in the Assessment Fund December31, 1850Amount payable by the CorporaUonfor portion of the cost and expenses of removing buildings from new Streets opened......•......*....'....«.••• .^.«.*..•....Amount oi items of assessments for opening streets, tic, apparently due January 1, 1859, but since dis-$3^1,210 08The most.that fell in any oneladen with moisture, has much to dowith the pro- tion s£art forward with great vigor. The two great undjr;the skin, especially of the feet and toes.'ofclause iniavor of the' Homestead bill, ,8nd.Beveraliinjured,. have given their verdict, sayingUsettled, after applying the proceeds of the *3,000,000 «f Floating. , .duction of the rains which, at the beginning and toward the dose-of the rainy seasons, a r e observed tofaB.elrieflyinthenight t,,„Alter the adoption of this platform, the Hon. Thomas seasons for the/blossoming of trees and shrubs in thoe 11:-*»|ho. go barefoot and labor in the fields, and if Corwio, who had comepurpoaejy to address the meet-'-that thecollision- was tbenreaultof • the carelessness of j Debt Fund StoVx, resort must be hid to taxation.Prom same, rep , and Corueimfi Byai Acommunijauo: Physician, eeluct.nj ' ment as Asaistant 1whose term hi a ex Acommonicatidi theAlnWHotxiie.atcarry oat *±c polio*—M r . K I C H O I J S O N :received,, anV^jjomi pointed by the' Me< aflaus ofBellovin.'ThePaiwinpTT houaa of Dr. Wood "waapfretjentedlby I l««Ms. Tho>nbH elderataon, {Daring the dry seasons,-of whieh, on jkp coast means ..confined to these periods. Every shower, :POLITICAL,''Uiitherearcalsotwoineachyew,,distmguu&ed/ 'a-tteraiiwdaysofsunshine,suffices-tobringou'taEketherainyseasons,asGreat andLittle,the,*©*' rxew "show^of flowers. There are m^ny trees and.breeze'begins to set in abopt.10 o'clock ih.the morn- shrubs, whiet,. except during continuous periods ofoiator hold the audience .spell-bound'; his Wit was exa-' ,be/iixt,ahdheMi'talling'odd:humor,,"'It'iaimpossiblepose of placing the "Metropolitan gae-burner and meter"oncjaficihof the etreofclimps and lampsmth*>.:,-t.fjstg, continuing till sunset, and often through the night:.&«&{-the heavy rains, especially,of the J9iarjnWBJ©nttsi the breeze ftom *the sea ia oftendry or very h**vy« wet weather, continue to putpaeans of saving ihe patient's life, and that ,dl Corwin conld canvassttheStafe &eobixn^g1campa^mi- therewouldbenoapprehensionsofthefurtherrnLrof( lioapital, $500, and for the Woman's Prioon AMOdmr&$*tWifftS^Wt;ft***.. *•* •'••"- '••••*•. 7'7-0v^m&^THe^amaGnaana are ihe first Jail of the rains alcer long- coc-tinned dry weather. But the blossoming isi by noenioved initio)©, it, lays egg*, which produce iu#, and who w^s known to be in the room, was loudly ; culledfor.HewaspresentedByN.'3.Smithers,and jhi-gos. These proceed to burrow in the skin as he arose he was warmly greeted; the cheers were i sime w?»y with-their pr>genitbr8i and to lay loud and continued. Portwo hours or more[did thisif tn.some ofr,these:ca«es,•amn^tsktmu-i^ the evfn in his g;esture that, Ka'd"force. All were satiafied siontickets^c¥Chicago and ib^Tetitrn, SfbV^en^pwanh^ The following appropriations ,were?XMrd«: For tho >$ wii.h:jt, andideemedit g(o eflioientJfiiat they concluded' ingConvention; AnAad^ertisemei!tihthLs' day'ipaper Eye and.Ear l»finnary,i fl.000; for the Opthalmic m;nutblossomsall*fceyearround. rThis itisnoun-tS t r i f e & n n ® et«ctio)Di9 of Mihnesoto haye "rtisuliedHaftf* vtrtto*^fsvm1'il^W^OBK DAILY TMBUNE* FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1860.*fruatr oi^vaTiotMfees, a n d $ dency^oulcerate.«; m^^isJiwtnowever^to be sup- MUstoms, aflat the same timej This^ is universally, .posed that ordinarily any great harm results fromthese chigbs. The natives, who understand the si i tin clusters of rip© nuts, other clusters in dTiffer- matter, very seldom suffer in this way. • Warnedaddressed to the Demecrate, of whom there was asjprinhhng in the crowd. He showed no favor U>.thei Fall over anybody, not excepting DbuglasI ". U»k» party moy«»«nt. He was freqjneBlly.inter-rupted by the long continued applause. When he con-cluded his able efl'oxt three deafening cheers Were givenhim. .'." ; '•' ''".'';': .•', Upon the whole, the aieettng was a success. Themembers came from the upper county, attested the factthat there was an efficient organization in that county.Kent alio showed that she was moving to accomplishtbe same end. Many of them say that the issue has tobe met, and that thoee favorably disposed to t£e partymay as well prepare to meet it now.The Convention adiourned to meet in the City of Wilmington one week after the adjournment of thetJeil-wpe 'fruit, greenwithin the first week or two after their birth are very liable to be attacked by it, and many die from this cause. ,But whatever may be the influence of tne olimateU at fevers prevail. Out of its own limits, British uponhfe and health, it has one operation common G linea has the reputation of not being a very to that of all tropical countries, the effect of whichh :&itny country. The effect of the great and con- iB perceptible to a greater or less degree upon allthe chair. " .A resolution was adopted authorizing the Mayor to w lei the process of clearing, drainage' and cultiva- borers. The negroes and other colored races are; ficient space. At the expiration of the ten hours Ken- offer a reward of $2,500 for the detection of-th« partytliyearl . The difference,„however, in this respect is | perhaps, on the whole, less marked than it is in tlte .sanelmonths in mostparts;of the United States,—The development of muscle leads not always to the prize-ring. In TrOy, the other day, John McKinney and Patrick Kennedy, blacksmiths both, had an extra- ordinary trial of skill. The former challenged the lat- ter to compete with him in making horse-shoes for the championship. The;challenge was accepted and the working time fixed at ten hours, each.man, with hisson; but, as in the rainy season there are occasionalintervals of dry weather, lasting for days together, ti ion for unhealthiness was acquired at a time posed to the sun and the rains as agricultural la- and ropes were,stretched about the forges to give suf-BOARD OF ALDERMEN.The Board met at 5 p.m., yesterday, Mr. Cornell! i»ti: M| first exposed the soil to the sup, an operation 1ii all warm countries apt to be productive Of a goodd: al of sickness. At present the colony, in point work done common in colder regions. The men ofthe tropics are supple and agile. Like our North tinrjs, fall behind any of the West Indies. With American Indians, they are capable for a limitedg od drainage,- which is essential to the keeping up period, of remarkable feats of activity. But the o Itnj cultivation, it may, as. they contend, be fairly more strenuous the exertion the longer the interval c mpared with any other tropical country, especially of rest required. Incapacity for continuous laboro h< alth, does not, according to their repreaenta-so! diers in garrison.demic, cases continued to occur, especially among thishipping, but of late years they havebeen rare, or ave disappeared altogether. The yellow fever- —The Boston Traveller;;says it has learned from' authentic information that Mr. J . W . Browne, whose death was announced in yesterday's paper, did not commit suicide, but that he fell from the cars by ao- dident. .—The American Association in London recently desired to* have an original portrait of the Queen, painted by Mr. Kellogg. An application being made through Mr Dallas, CoL C. B. Phipps replied for her Majesty,thatsheappreciatesthesentiment•prompting the request, but that she.can not give sittings for an original, portrait. She will be happy, ho wever, to give every facility for taking a copy of such picture as may be mott satisfactory to the Association.'—Mr. Henry Giles has changed bis reeidenee, and, consequently, his address from Bucksport, Maine, to Quincey, Mass.—It seems clear that mutclealone doesn't make theman. Dr. Winabip, " the strongest man," who canlift 1,100 pounds, is painfully bashful and timid beforean audience, although within the past six months heAfter it had ceased as an epi-TlTJJ«8 Of ACCOCSTH. Beekman-street ext*nuU s....... Coe&tles iteef, blasting and re-H10VjI}£#••••*•••••*••••#* »•••(•Fire Department*....Fire and Police Telegraph Lands and Places....'.Police investigation of 1855 Roads and A venuesSevmth Regiment N. Y . StateMilitia, camp equipage for ..... Stesm File-Engines*Supplies for ana Cleaning PublicvsHJC^*H•*•••••• s>•••«>••*••mm••••ety; attacks the negro, nor haB it ever appearedra i epidemic form among the immigrants intro- m ai into the colony. This fever is an object of du< ed _,... ._similar four hours' work.to the amount of lab!or which, without overtaxing th€ system, can be performed in "a day; nor is this amount materially dependant upon the space of time actually occupied in its performaace. In this*2,30620,000 70,000 tt,000 20 0903,000:<i,«oos.oto 30,000"42000 Decrease.$1,000 * 10,000. . . .us- fever of our own Northern States, and the in ten, makes no material difference. Tne shorter sifevers of the South and West, especially in.•.•'eh Guiana was among the few places whichwb<jp property taken care of, with reasonable sana- tory precautions, and a little attention to diet,over. *...•'#.'There as a certain limitThough aIn hot, as welltime since made a statement, whicb was copied into ing for information in regard to the harbor. The com- THE TRIBUNE, to the effect that Mr. R. E. Burns, munication was immediately sent in to the Board of .alleged insult.be,uncivil, and the Southerner was appeased.for certain purposes:;•.'Amounts appro-made for the other purposes specified iu. the Tax Law, to the ex* *ning, .&c,,,. may enjoy-quite as. much, and in, content to put up with, under either of those heads, F. Woodruff, at St. Louis, Mo. The latter gentleman, tent that expenditures thereof may be contemplated, in order7cases, especially where there is a tendency to mary complaints, more of health and vigor,[urte as, long a life as he could have expected in thje country of his birth.' Ho can labor, too, ib- dco $J though not'with the same energy and perse- vert see as in a colder climate, and he is capable of a grilatldeal of out-door exercise and exposure, as is proved by the case of the managers and overseers of p jactations. But he is not capable of continuous agri |ult|Ural labor in.the sun and rain—at. least, if we ma>| judge from the total failure? of all experi- ments of that sort, whether in former or more reeecitdepends a great doal lees upon the climate ,thanupon the standard .of comfort to which thoy havewith his wife and Mrs. Collins, his sister, was among those lost on the fll-fated Arcticthat proper credits may be opened tor the same before tbe taxes of the j ear are levied.quention of the power of the white man of northern Eurftpetm origin, to propagate his race in tropicalCorr«*$oudcDC«of Tho N. Y . Trlbuiie.-jiggrar, common throughout the tropics, is the occa- sicx of great suffering, and sometimes of very serious |ef| to the. inexperiencEd or careless. Thisown force carries Slavery into the Territories; andHo its-exteneion; in favor of the protection of American Industry, and instructs the delegates to use all.proper' measures to obtain in the National Platform a distinct-^•The jmy Of inqueBt engaged nt St. Lotus, in in- vestigating the cause oftho;recent accident on the Ironamounting t i $1,828,561 04; remaining ^ucolleot-ed, Dec 81,1859................ t............««..,« Estimated amqjunt of unoollectable taxes on person-al estate.-.-<]••••100,000 00 1,600,000 00bly tfccineefang of these t w o currents of the atmos- growth is comparatively slow.phere, of which the southern current is keavily When the rains begin to fall, all kin'ds of vegeta- •ihs5e||! about the size of. a tiea, insinuates itself recognition of the Protection policy: There-is also a Mountain Railroad, by which four people were killed,Total...!»...<.««......,*...••.•••••••.....••,$3,445,077 95 For such amfcftht of tho above deficiencies as shall remain un-/The Bepublican organization was fairly inauguratedDOVER, Tuesday evening, May 1, 18G0.wingto wing.. .—At Lawrence, on Monday, a fatal accident occur- part of hundreds, the Republicans from nearly all parts red on the site of the ill fated Pemberton Mill. AJohn Jones, of, 2STew-Caitle. The Secretaries were and precision, ?-hat no "gentleman present was able ton,io8oa covered to have been previously collected......... • 3353*Capt. A. R. Hall of Sussex, Dr. Frederick J. Owinsof Kent, and John Tomlinson of New-Castle.compete with her.j.'. /Amount of actual ascertained deficit in the Street Dspaxtment Fund'December 1, 1859Amount payable by the corporation on account of do- nciencles in the valuation of property on the line of various street improvements assessed for such Vt orii«Mi>tt«iMiiit4»i«»st<« ••»••«•<•••«»«593,52757A^committee of three from each county was solected—A gay marriage recently took place at Beirut, in Executive Committee of prominent and influential Syria. The parties were the American Vice-Consul atto prepare business for the afternoon session. A State.men, three from each county, was selected.The afternoon session was held in the court room,•which was kindly vacated for the purpose, the Courthaving adjourned until its regular hour; though theBejut, Dr.R. G. Barclay of Virginia, and Miss Louisa II mptcn, the niece of EL B. M.'s Consul at Jerusa- lem. After the wedding ceremony, the bridal party, including the officers of a British man-of-war, mounted168.62017 preme Court.......«...«.«..«.••••..«..••.••.,«,.. 17,24i50•*,meeting was protracted beyond that hour, ^o interrup-nonwasmade. Animmenseaudiencecrowdedinun- themselvesupongaily-caparisonedArabiansteeds,and,An.ount of items of- assessments for street Improve- ments due January 1, 1859, but since discovered t*> have been previously collectedAmount ef remissions and allowances made in pursu- anceofresolutionsofCommonCouncil14,73167 5,81364The doctor disclaimed any intention to—In Canada, the other.day, a young-rxnan wasplow-It is also recommended that the otdtnnnoe heretofore parsed making the annual appropriation for lliCO be amended, so as to reduce the sums appropriated for ".Lands and Plaoes" and '* Roads and A venues" to the amounts authorized tojbe raJwrf by\and these btimulants appear to operate with as much from the eaglet On approaching, the eagle turned duties as ihall be asj.is.ned to them by. said Board, for promoting:force in the torrid as in the temperate zones.upon his new adversary, and in all. probability would have overcome him had not; the faithful dog come to his rescue and renewed the fight. After a short scufile between the eagle and his two adversaries, he was dis- patched, and the young fanner carried his carcass home as a trophy of success. He measured nine'feet fromtho security of life and health. The 53d section of this act pro- vides as follows:f*The Board *of Metropolitan Police may, by its order iniwrit- inp, cause any tenement home to be cleansed at any'time after three day s' notice for such cleansing shall have been scjrved upon the owner,'landlord, or agent thereof, and within such time the same has been neglected. Tne.expense of taking down any edi- fice, or of cleansing any tenement house as aforesaid, shall bo paid by the Controller of the city within which the said edifice or houue is situated r a copy of the order of the *oard ia writing,together with the bill of expenee countersigned by the Con- troller aforesaid, with a description of the premises aud real estate thereof, being filed with ike Clexx of the coonVy, riall be- come and continue to be a lien for the amouni of «ucb repairs, with interest upon said premises, (o the same uffec: as a judg- ment of a Court of. rrcoid, until such time as the Con rwileron reimbursement of said expenses and interest, shall. in writing authorize tbe said Cconty Cleck to discharge the same."It will be seen that the law makes It the duty of the Controlled to pay certain expenses incurred as therein specified, aud until some other provision is'made for tho same, it is proposed to draw for such expenses against the appropriation heretofore made un- der tbe bead of "Abatement of Nuisance." ;Respectfully submitted,ROBT. T. HA WS, Controller. -CITT oy Nxw-Yoax—DKPARTMBST O* FIHANC*. CoJiTKOLijm's Ovjncij, May 3, UWi).fawhours; or for each exhibition^circuses $75,]and menag-eries $50 for each*twenty-four hour's, or for each ex- piau into efiect, and place the tinsnee* of th- City Government'hibition.- .m a hatisfactbry condition. For this purpose • a snitRi'.e ordi* nonce has been prepared, creating aud dlracting. tuel««ueof a' public fund, a stock to be calLd the " FloaSjig-Debt Fund Stock." which is herewith submitted and-recommended for adcptiomTne act of the Legislature limlU the amount of this rtock at •4>8,C0tU0O. The whole of this sum will be required to supply tbe deticiences existing in the variou." funds, as will be seen by the following statement: >—The beet fencer in Paris is a beautiful yonng lady of Polish, origin, M'lle. Linowska. AtaBoiroeat the houee of an aristocratic widow in the Faubourg St. Honor,e, who it appears is fond of fencing, aud has au apartment, in her house devoted to that sort of exer- cise, the evening closed/ with' d grand aesault-at-arms. Dressed in the handsome costume of her country,pied. The names of the dolega'tea to Chicago wereibc'ii.announced, as follows: Horn C. S. Layton and were festooned about the hall, and the wedding cake, Estin.i.l<d loss in the amount of preliminary and-•true.Amount oi unpaid assessments* upon real estate, f ' • ' h*eli6ht wounds, even the bites of infiects, not Conetitutien and the laws passed in pursuance thereof; eays, that since the Massachusetts delegation left for owned'by the corporation, confirmed prior to Jan.that Freedom is national, Slavery local and the accident Charleston* thePuritan city haB been unusually quiet, ofcircomBtances;againetthedoctrinesofSquatterSov- an;d,that-thepolicehave actuallybeencloyedwith the2,1859, estimated a t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . • ' • • • • • • • « • • « • • 75.C00 0C- Amount of deficiency occasioned by remissions andcorrectionsof taxesin1859.......••............... 128,488 8# Amount of estimated losses upon assessments,jf^ggip,tillthe'xe'BVilt.in^Bf^ccXedcasesisa3p|g,.aDid'.,in weak,,constitution^Va ^dangerous ip give eve'n.a 85ji0psis„of fiie speech;;•;there was mucht - ^'l^heN%w-York'mdf ErieRailroaiWfllissueexcur- public buildiiiigB.;, ^.'.:;>,, SJ3«7.m~j£i&J&w}i&&,vw^ssmwm%.06Umte®i ;&msUntitled Documentfor the breakfost. The. flags of England and Americathe man having charge of the passengsr-train on which ij ; :.;. ,,;..-, ;! • RespecUuUy submitted, 'theinjuredpeoplewereridingi-*...j>;.•.:/• ri * • P •.."-p? •'^ferredrP;'.;-,..;.;,;:''' •;,\""/;"• Tbe reeolnflon froxn tlie otilior Board waa concarrod •y<tXin, directing'tho appropriation of $15,000 for the pur- acing:w111giveallnecessaryparticulars.r'.. '^t'^f-,:r»o-well W&*!ti«|n.|S0Q,.,:•;;.•.V,: r^mfe bi &-: :...-. t JIW5Pli« rfeolntion presentedAtAo,h&iveit^* ti*mW- B«ard.collingifor tho appointaent «f .* sw»t*raftS D»-TR»sWSB^> ^S?o:—The Philadelphia Pennsy Iv an ia % contolee andJ^e-party it represents for the result of the recent • city election, by claiming " a m o r a l victory, even if defrauded of a political one " Beconung historical in it« eulogies, it says: " The RomanjCommonwealth, ia a the d»yJ6f h^r primal glory, displayed no greater vir- tue and heroism than did the Democracy of our city on, the eventful municipal election through which they have just passed." .r ' . '••->'•:•-• lAmouats thorizedbe raised by tbeaotpass'd April 17, '60.priated by or- dinance ap- proved Jan. 27, 1SS0.$60,0f0 . .6,000 21,000* •••• ®,cco35.000• •• Increase.Beekman-street extensionCoentles Reef, blasting and removing..'..;... 20,000au- uAmount of items of assessments vacated by the Su-,>•other expenses, and payments to contractors 00 various works, boyond what is recoverable by a#- iexunentB—the total amount of such expenses and advanced not • covered by assessments- being$528,643 Oil—say....* Vn""7«u 2500000ov. Amount 0/ losses on settlements made in 1859 wltbowners of lands purchased by the corporation, forunpaid assessment* upon redemption of suon.lands.. >••• y*'112"20,730»-/;' . . . . ROBERT T. HAWS,Controller.Mr. Puanr pk-eac Isaac Bell,jr. file Baentarr rematli.a.followa:The Hon.•issrs—Sin:of "Public Charities resign the position to the Supervisors of the ao, I cannot refrain fro from my associates 'i friendly relations i,.-. vt retain seatiments of eWith my best «rU I*Mr. BLC»T then compliment to Mr. solution: j , •. AesoitMd,.Thatii:-sc fsaso Bell,jr., th« Hoai YorkloseOne ofit>rao found in bis seat du.-in;•discharge, in a fair sad before hint. Supervt» Ids oolleacves in this B. several of th* uio*'. la duties assigned hini pre terestaofthe comity. placeintmsBoardtori in the Department o? F pi* will end in him a g; laithfaltoeverytr ..t0Nearly all the me deep regret that Mi «boold compel U.oi; Blight coronet v.'uaMr. Bellas nAiitfE Blont'sf reeolation a McPtfRDi them. "vacancy.Several gentkme:Lefied. with the &eie< Democratic, side ofMr. KiCXMCDY «aland thai he hhd i nothing like leathe*J&ri Elf vrua un and JHetdre. Pavindmittoe tojinform hm The Committee oi of acceptssg apeciticCounty JJa-1, at' the place,- to cost, iagu In a chopper etoi ie,Thstrsl was rat ch arrival if the C< mi Mr, l u n n r ainooathof t>!lt«-e,ai«i1 Mr.Ei.r, in tu Board for his elccnj again. I 4Mr, STKttf-ARTJii<i <ejq>enaiJfe material;$¥,000]Th« Committe* i •« A Standing Co fanroction wa« then au Mr. Bly was a >pcMr. Bell aerved.. The Board th'Jn ip. vch. '/' *;'. I COMMITThis Board mot y« and received the ast Sergeant .Lord j»f t verseto;Mrs. Jaibo* and Health Funtf wi derson's claim for ax referred to Commi the* widow of "Eng Ward, who was. oho duty, by Cancemi- an uatoreHi in the tanA communication • of the Fourth Ward, art & Co.'Mtore, -V laet. TheatorewwSafe Uown open, U» bags of 0*ate8 upon t fasie^ed by iron el cured by a bolt. Th burglar'can open tiAlter traabacdiv^ adjourned until to di Mr. Bo wen yee'.erinstallment of hie «al the establishment of"*DEPAErMENT -0v This Board met y<Preudeu Draper in V«aenw After the i ing report of the Cand adopted:! •Believing that the Hri b«pjsstod by ohsnge, ec< aotion Is recommended i mremi to on demanded bjfijrtt; On the remoTjsJ ordered, ten day's sat charted-Second: That the oru< tentiary, the Deputy S oflice of the Clerk of the'tentiarybeandarehere TAird.- ThaitsjaR.ee tho same to be nainoa bfourth • That six K« the same to be namedFifth: That the ss •aansa—sJ650perannum Sixth: The salaryof t$350 per annum. .The $230perannum.Seventh- The salary <Eighth: That one k Commissioners to nauM Ninth: RuUsof old.of the Institution until Tenth: All passes ue to be reottired to obt friends from the Comadoor Poor. 'Twelfth:Nopersonlum except relatives, u •ra, or by their special A comronnioaUigof Bandall's lslan< badly inXoMted wi; necessary to prote< mittee o£the Whol,Acommnnicatioi tendent of the W o six Inmates from tb. of the boat, v hieh of the city., Lr Hm.fLSHa vine; b Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com\ 