 iAnd then Tlie Herald goes on to state that Com- Mr. McQueen of South Carolina bikes a deep modore Vanderbilt, in order to keep apart the bel-rI"1I 1}fi * if ', I1 4*]11y* Ii •/"A limited number of advertisements are inserted for $ l p e r Judge of Common Plead) to whom a debtor askinga discharge appropriation as more than sufficient for the pur- latter will produce only two hundred and eighty The President was engaged -with the Secretair^y- W e propose to »eU oor beaotiful iSngrnving of Christ fand hit Apostle to Sorioay-Scbool* at aducount, »o a* to enable them to MaeS U**>ai at tie r*«uJ*r retail price; and we have already found th**, in a school <W a few acholars, sufficient copies h*ve been .sold, 'from tae p.-ohu of wbioh haa been raiaed a .lar-t; aoraryofbooka.$4 Si- will io*or» nix Pictures, postage free.In ottering tni* woikox art at $1 we are convinced that it iswithin the >e*cb of every Minister of the GoapeL Twelve oents reqnireo.to prepay. Addiesnfrom his debts as in this act provided."v •• ,fBut to show what our dirty streets.cost. Wednesday .was an average specimen of a very windy, dry, March day. Blinding clouds of pulver-withdrew the appeal, looks very much like it.We see that Mr. Tucker of this city reported tiis bill. Of course, he was deceived into doing so,preach to our country throughout th«J*~j**" world, and « serious hindrance to tho progrwuaof rep»>"Oan liberty throoghoa. th» nation* of the earth. Therefor*, /•mUntitled Document5IPKBiKws WISHING CLOTHING will dowell to oall.• ,iabout two millions of dollars. It appears, also, National Convention. * * * * * Demosthenes was notmore true to his rulo of action, action, action, than they ore to counsel otfter titan the Corporation Counsel, suc- The Senate, by a party vote, passed the bill au- Mr. FLORENCE (Ad. Dem., Pa.) introduced a bill jr^riation bULSAJLtaken J•'1VEW B A N K R U P T L A W .nearly always, aa filthy ? Would not tfce aotual Senators oppose what is known as the " Assembly six they refused to reconsider the vote adopting offrf Kjjc Democratic ei<e of ''/FjjtitTT u xSxwt^u MAOxutKa. BXST i2»" (Jsx.: In New-York the rate is.....-•ho retcroed.The L»rgc*t S*»« in the city.K. B. BA<.r>wiy,Noa. TOand It Bowery.Tribune,We observe that some six or eight Republican•tain localities of our State by the passage through these extraordinary, and on ordinary windy days, The former, it is intimated by those competent to and Smith absent. The first of the evening wag the Assembly of the following bill: be moderately estimated at Five Million Dollars? judge, will increase the revenue of the State at least occupied in discussing the route. They wiH meet!"SKCTIOW1. EVTryinnolventdebtormaybedischargedfrom Yet there aresome tax-payerswho grumblethat amillionandahalf dollars a year, andpermit a againonWednesdayatJ0o'clock.be done. COCHRANE 0>en»ent of the rule wbica jngattheClerksdesk'. >t»on to table the propi* too late./BURNET (Dem., Ky. ,-read.FLORENCE /Dem., Pi DAVIDSON (D*m., LaManufacturedCAIX AT JZOGERB Bronx No. 214, It you wish the moat usofni, the most h Curru t>u toe youth* and b-/SaldfcLaWAr.x Gtr/x Co.,ted. Only let the investigation be searching and thorough.Mr, BENJAMIN hoped the amendment would not trafcee with it in the States. and conduct in bis name, all the legal business of the Corporation parallel case exists in our whole history, and if the ment in the diplomatic service. Uifrbelievtd Congretahas tilBusiness Entices.call upon them to prevent the insertion of any hondred thousand well and expensively dressed see that this seotion is got rid of in someway,THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.The Special Ommittee on the Pacific Baifw proposition met this morning, when Mr. Cortlsito the call, thereforeIjiOEBIS (Bep., Petra.) Lreeoiatao". |^LLANDI(rH4M (T) jtgaimous cot-sent was r ^ t b e pToceedicfcs...gpEAKER said he cou Bsfgf too coofnt>ion. |5lCKLE8 (Dem., N. Y.•AtionwasmadefromthSa&LIN&ER (R*P 3 Vected to the resolution jcailmertrte 'oil.jgpBAKER—You are r<SPAUDZKG'S PREP AREDI Central Campaign Club had a conference last [ Southern slaves, and calls daily on the New-York inoperative and void; and all judgments which have been here- t.lore recovered against the said Corporation, shall stand and beparture from recognized usages,cpointment of Superintendents of the National Armories was taken np.The bill was read athirdtime,andpassed. Yeas 28,Nays18.Mr.BOCOCK withdrew hTHBC M » A r X 8 TandLAXOZST il!.("«K.VTl«fO ITXX FTTBIJBHHO tor $ LLet aU w©u-withers of thoOo.M'KL CACBX,•ad Parents who d«wiro to promoteTH* iUuuiort WMJA»IofTHXTR F*MHJ«H,Bay t h e G r e a t P i c t u r eCHRIST Ayn Hw A*©»TI.«K.S J c r X D A T - S c H O O X . i« I H K A. K Y . TH* WAT TO »AI8K ONK.his debts, upon executing an alignment of all hh estate for the benefit oi'hia croditoiu." 8BCU. 2, 3, 4, 5 give jurisdiction to any County Judge, Re- corder, Justices ol Supreme Court (or iu New-York City, auythree hundred thousand dollars aTe appropriated to cleaning the streets; grumble at the amount of thelimitation of the State Tax to two and a half mills(the amount levied the present year); while the To the Associated Frets.WASHrtfGToif, Monday, March 28 I860VlUtfvii XXXVXRT UiOVBM.Fox SAMErxKrwHxxjcJaUan&etaaed by E C . SyxLDixti k Co., No- 48 Cedax-st.Fost-Office address. Box No. 3 U*>.isherebyauthorizedanddirectedtopayallsuchjudgments,and mostdistinguishedandinfluentialmenoftheparty. ConnecticuttocarrythatStateforShamDemocracy allunsatisfiedjudgmentswhichhavebeonheretoforerecovered against sold Corporation, from which on appeal, duly taken by A Sub-Committee, composed of Messrs. Opdyke, and Slavery—The Herald, Mr. Buchanan's own or- the Counsel to tne Coiporation, is not now pending, or whichDraper, Everts, Stevens, and Blatohford, were ap- gan, to which he sends his messages in advance of all have not, upon his application, been duly set aside."THE ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.The resolution offered by Mr. Blake of Ohio,Snot,introduceoa.jontrt^ oltbat Department, appropT imnues for the payment piHLGHES,Durvii <fc CREHANGK, Broadway, 341deposits of guano, was taken up, discussed at length, and postponed till to-morrow.341have now in store, and are receiving by every fresh arrival, a large and variedassortment offriends, produced some confusion and excitement inMoses Grinnoil presided, and Jamas Van Cott was which, from these political and business affiliations through the action of the Legislature. The pur- freedom to every human being and to interdict mail contractors was received and passed.?8>M*f3caPublic Expe > A ofthepubhc printing, couc quirbg a_pract cal print-er r House. He is also to eseC bonds inthe sum of $&5,w>^ ducted from the p'ices nowOration of the subject waobstinate CATAKXH, 1 laat yeas mad* an experiment with Dr. J. R. Btarlofd's Onve Tar, ISIIAMNI. AND TAKIXO IT, and also took Dr. J. R. Sraxyoxn's ixosi ASI> Stu»Hcx Fownxxu, and have continued their use to the prusent time. I am happy to say that the diaeaae.though not wholly removed, is very materially miti- gated, and 1 intend to continue their use till cured." JlWHCA LXATITT." Olive Tar, 50 cents a bottle; Powders, $ 1 per pockaoe. Soldi by Otivx TAX CO-, No. 215 Broadway, and by all druggtats.•Consumers of Sauce will please observe that everynew Sauce brought before th- public week* to establish Itself on the ntexiw of the Worcestershire Sauce, thereby giving unwilling testimony to toe unrivaled excellence of "I#KA at PKXKIXX'Hvania, and in this city.other kinds of ahipH, Hoot before the eyes of the rowdy gang of plunderers in connection with the Charleston Convention."to the amount of many hundred thousand dollars more which should be and will be set aside if the Legislature do not interfere. Jacob Sharp's judg- ment of some $50,000 for supposititious damages in connection with the Wall-street Ferry lease is one of those already set aside. .In fact, in every case in which the Controller hasless some more satisfactory reason is assigned than has yet appeared.THE PRINTING INVESTIGATION.Mr. Kilgore (Ind.) was examined before the Sen- ate Printing Committee on Saturday as the personJudiciary Committee.On motion of Mr. WHITELEY (Dem., Del), theCommittee on Commerce was instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill malting an appropri- ation for a steam revenue-cutter for the Delaware River.Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) introduced a Pacific Rail-t&e Republican party bas *l«Miand sentiments,anu. it government and revive t >«Siiiwnded. It hated tyr Jfhere, at home as well a & remained true to itself"W»k of the extinction «& authority. They dai the States, but they WOT »ght to go to the extrei Jnwriry to restrict sxd Iwoadanes of the States, * fair and liberal construe<>5her words, the Republi uwral ideas, of progress «*&». and protection, an ideas just eo far as disc Constitution would adm ^enlled upon not wide Jfuyh; there were extr Constitution upholds and" *utees property in rn.ui «ure property in man; tl «atend alone, and that jaant have been ©outre'le TM while the Republics J-jOnatHtttion they can do <g*vety, and that the oil *MOW of that instrumcut ATM e^rtreniistsof the Sou *ntegwdtothe Con?titut£*** ~*ereastandingui< «J«w attempted adniini*••••!• ' I • I ' I^W"T"W9•„»(•.".aszacires5gpBBagiaBS5S88iwBW8wwi^^BwTUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1880.ard t-xortiix ot-*> of the 'i:»--t S,;in; and Summer styles of the £«pnbllcan National Coirrentlwn..CHICAGO, May 16.BM«t Extent!•**, New, Ta«tj, an* KasbiooablettocluofRBA.DY* JMJLBXf vi-r ottered, and •* ui be sold )e»s than at any other eatab- ll»hme»t in toi» cityTux Cr^TOM Roox i« stocked with tre »h Goods from 'Europe, andisnotsurpasseda»toStyle,Taste,orCutting..KIKMSHIICG Goon*,Tastefully selected and m evt>r ? variety, rartionlar attention I*paid to tike Cmldien's Department.In *lt cases wlwi* pvrvorn* curenot pleased, their money willDA YTOX American and European Engraving Warehouse,erly guarded at to trusts, we should favor it. W e bag drift of legislation for the last fifty years has beenW e have a pile of <x>mununications respecting tractors, etc, steal enough to satisfy them, Schvyler County and the proposed legislation con-T O M E S . SON & M E L V A I N ,No. 6 MjUnWbASX,NHW-\ oik,Importera and Wholesale Dealers In G c s s , 1'JBTVU>,CCTMUtT, PT^4TJKI> WAXS, JlTWKl-RT, VASXCX GOODS, Kut «HK.-., r a j t y c M x a T . ASI> SOATS./• Weatf.ey Richards's<-^!ebr*tedGon;». 8*U A«^»U for ) l-ley-iCap*. VVadding. a»d Cartridge*,note A«^ot« tor < jt2elflor-„ Army and Model Razors. C Adams's Patent Revolving Pistols.toward lettiiig every man collect his own debts, andfew words will sum up all that need be said on thesubject. We are decidedly in favor of lettingSchuyler County, like any other county, have her Referred.FIKE-FKOOE SAEES.by aminutes the noise and confusion were great. Butthe resolution was safely voted down, and all sub- it will have to be considered and decided. sided into peace again.WHA T D I B r l STBEJEXS COST.New-YoikCityistheShamDemocraticstronghold timesasgreat. Onedeath amongfiftyinhabitantsThe Aldermen had no quorum last night, the is an annual rate regarded by medical statisticians msjority of the members being in the lobby at of the North. Ten thousand tjvo hundred and fourtake their local matters out of their own hands, and Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) moved to strike out the" ' ferwood, allancifchaxa, Whiproviso permitting the Government to connect the v«Eettle them arbitrarily by outside dictation, we are military poets with the Overland Mail line by another Ifp SPEAKER ea'd as the inflexibly opposed, and ever shall be. That is the telegraph, line to be used for Government purposes. a * preamble fell as a matterNot agreed to. W|T7BOCOCK (Dem-, V*) Mr. LA THAM (Dem., Cal.) moved an additional • - ge, offered a resoluticit Co.,No. 37 Park-row, New-York.say half a million, and devote the rest honestly to cerning it. We cannot make room for them, but aSTMAKXS &. MAXVIX,No, 40 MxrKKAY-ar., N. Y.Take, for example, one hundred thousand inhabit-ants fifty years ago, and the same number now, andthe proportion of deaths is now more than three whole story.S I N G E R ' S SErriNG-MACuiNES.Ho 3 SewlnrMaciiae»a. 18ewto«-MachineThe Eamily Sewing-Machine, A The Family Sewing-Machine Seanmtox Gangea$100 90 73 SO -1section, that the materials tobuildthe line be conveyedThe friends of the proposed County of Highland by tho Government when it can be done without assure us that they have spent no money at Albany additional expense or inconvenince. Not agreed to.Ind.) arjd Wiihhasu# but refusing to vote o d-^-the rule requincv meX. M - S u c o i x k C o . , N o . 4 5 8 B r o a d w a y , N . Y . No. 150 Fnltoa-au, Brooklyn.GROVER A BAKER'S NOISELESSAlbany. In the Board of Councilmen, a communi- c a t i o n w a s r e c e i v e d f r o m t h e M a y o r , a d v i s i n g t h e Common Council to take measures to suitably re- ceive the Japanese Embassador and suite on their arrival. The Board resolved to appoint a com- mittee to investigate the affairs of the Alms-Houae Department,n u r s e r i e s i n w h i c h S h a m D e m o c r a t i c v o t e r s a r e r e a r - ed by the governing class of bullies and swindlers whom the free-trade millionaire merchants and batk6ra keep in pay. Representative men of this governing class fill a majority of the city offices,from the Mayor's down, or up, ta the bell-ringers'. The Warden of a Penitentiary testified that repug- nance to soap and water was a marked character-rule to this and other cities:/this Winter, and will spend none. W e are glad to that the Telegraph Company or, its agents will noth e a r i t f o r t h e i r i n t e g r i t y ' s s a k e , b u t c a n n o t c o n - i n t e r f e r e w i t h t h e r i g h t t o l o c a t e a r a i l r o a d h e r e a f t e rby the preemption of all the lands on that route. gratulate them on their prospect. The lobby is Agreed to.frightfully ravenous, and as yet has hardly earned its Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) moved au amendment that»ive the censure of the Ho AT. G R O W ( R e p . , P a . ) &aiAfor the decision of the B 4tkm of privilege.ii. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.)•». ^n0m 5 1 Liberty-st.s BROADWAYtoe cheapest Sruixo GLUE.••ments were deteriorated in value by the dust to theMorgan will veto the bill, even at the ri«k of de-Bepvblican State Convention......STKAOUBX,April18.TO OORRESPVifDENTS.a bill which seemingly anticipated their decision;isequaltotheresponsibility. Letbothleviesfail atlessthanthree hundred thousand dollars? buthereisabarefacedattempttooverridetheir adjournedfx>meetagainto-night,withthepurpagajWe BustnesalettersforTHXTKIBCWKsbouldinailosaeabead-friends of the swindle, we believe Governor MorganCan any oneestimate thocannot undertake to return rejected Communiomtion* dresMd to HOXACB G E H I K it CO.A^drertimemxcntm in the WeeklyMerchants, MannfaofcarerB, Meokanics, Real EstateOwners, and others, who have anything to sell, will do well to advertise in T s x WEUDCII TBIBCXB. Advertisers will please to send in their favors aa early in the week M possible, in order to insure their finding a place. It it proper to add that, with a regular circulationof 216,000 oopiea, Tux WxxKtx TxiMtrNx ia the beat and cheapest advertising medium In the world.County of New-York.money on occasion of sending the army to Utah wasadopted yesterday in ih« House of Representatives.This measure is not taken a moment too soon. Itis generally believed that enormous profligacy, fa- their present and usual condition, that right is de-China, from Jan. 1, 1854, to Jan. J, 1857, and compen- sationoftheMarshaloftheConsularCourtatCanton, from Jan., 1854, to Dec. 15, 1857,was agreed to.voritism, and corruption prevailed, especially in thetransportation department of that expedition. We tistics of the cost to life, health, and pocket, atThe City Tax Levy now pending before the As- additional information has reached the State de- a Minister, as tending to develop commercial inter- mid be of such service in umay now justly expect that the truth will be estab- which New-York maintains her supremacy in filth;course with that country. Howas in favor of preventan mto the Territories, whilepointed to prepare and report t> the Club a com-plete plan of action for the coming campaign. rum-sellers, gamblers, and swindlers—-The Herald,for the last six years amount to the snug sum ofscouting of the community, generally, which accepts plunder aa the ' divine right' essence or all free Government, with regard to the means of. conveyance to Charleston, to the approachingActing under the authority conferred upon him, the Controller has, during the past year, by means ofembaraBsment without tho least service. THE SALE OF PUBLIC ARMS.making an appropriation of $75,000 for the repair and improvement of the Baflalo Harbor; also, authorizing the improvement of the St. Clair Flats.that under the personal direction of President Bu- the fundamental principle of their lives—bteol, steal, steal. Impunity of theft is rhe psychological law which governs thoir chanan a considerable part of this plunder wa3 ju- existence. Therefore, a logical eequlter, they all want toto fix and regulate the duty on imports. Hr. SEDGWICK (B thorizing the Secretary of War, at his discretion, to Mr. MONTGOMERY (Ad. Denx., Pa.) introduced rtrengfli and virtue of a parinterest in the oppression of the shoeiu'iksrs of Mas- sachusetts by the capitalists of that State; and offered in the House of .Representatives yesterday a resolution looking to the- abolition of the duties onligerent elements of the two wings of the Sham De- mocratic party above described, will dispatch two steamers to Charleston, " o n e " (HeraldLoq.) " i n " the interest of the Judas Iscariot Regency, who,who submitted Mr. Defrees's propositidn to the Re- road bill. Keierred to a Select Committee.Mr. GARNETT (Dem., Va.) introduced a bill en-publican caucus to pay one portion of the profits of abling citizens of the United States to carry their prop-the last TWX.VTT YBAXK attended in the Marine Court, where the Solons on the bench Dx. S. F- ToWMsxxn'n SAXXAPAXILLA, try. But if Mr. McQueen really desires to benefit " carry off two-thirds of the loafers in the State,Induce* D* to call the special attention oi all those who are afflict- the mechanics of all parts of the Kepublic, let him '•' and the remainder will embark under the auspices decided that they had no power to act. In oiherbution of tracts among the heathen. Democrats both heeded light.They and thefor the Bupprcf sion of tho African slave-trade, which is rapidly on the increase; and as it is a crime against human nature and opposed to the moral sentiment of mankind, the President be requested to open nego- tiations with the leading Powers of Europe, with theed with airy oUease arising from impurities of the blood to thegreat wypenority of THIS SAXO;APABII.I.A over any other prepara- devote his energies to securing the enactment of 44 of our illustrious Mayor." Here we have it on uonjof the saitte nature. It ha* been tested by thousands suileringtrota SCXO»ULA, SAXT R a x r x , U r r a t T * or MBBCCRY, R H X O Mr. Morrill's Tariff bill. Make that a law, and prime Sham Democratic authority that three-thirds, XATISM, Cotns, CotrOBH, and many other complaints, with thecases, the Courts, on the facts being represented to them,have decided that numerous judgments against the city were wiong; whereupon an attempt is made to induce the Legislature to overrule theTHE NICARAGUA TREA TY .Although Mr. Slidell declared in executive ses- view of declaring it piracy by international law. Re-xuoet beneficial etiects. Aa it is now compounded under the direct auperviaUion ofDx. JAXXB R. CHII.IOX, CaxxisT,It is the only preparation that can be safely relied on to effect a ~p*rmiuu>nt and speedy cure. W e have never known it to fall in nuy of the above case*. If yon are similarly affli jted, try it, and be VBXT CABBFOI TO USX NO OTHXX.Wholesale and Retail Depot. Ho. 212 BXOAPWAT, N. Y.. J-IOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT.—PILES belong to noprosperity will become universal, and strikes will be everywhere forgotten.The Governors of the Aims-House affect to be- ton. How they will be received there, let another lieve that the exposure of their malfeasance, riot, Sham Democratic authority, Tlie Cftarleston Cou-ferred to the Committee ol the Whole on the State of the Union.have quoted. Every word is pregnant with mean- ing and mischief:" AHproceedingswhich have been taken on behalf of tho Cor- poration, or any oiKcer thereof, in relation to any action in which the Corporation ia u party, without the oon»eut or authority of the Counsel to the Corporation, or which have not been con-ire uarrraled. They are Ught, easy, durable, and fit to a charm. discontent and personal animosity. This is a gratu- "themselves;" true portraits from life of the govern- fraudulent and void, are hereby declared good and So shrinking, nor turning up behind. BATCHXJU.>X'» HAIX DTB,valid. That would be an open way of doing the same thing. Again:" The Controller ia hereby authorised and directed to pay all such judgrn«ntH and all unsatisfied judgments which have beonthe information of the public and of the Legisla- gated. To expect a modicum of honesty, decency, heretofore recovered against said Corporalion, from which an appeal, duly taken by the Counsel to the Corporation, in not nowAmoDg the resolutions adopted were, one calling for information in relation to tlie Reciprocity Treaty, and whether Canada has violated its spirit; one requeotingand debauchery, which we recently laid before the public in these columns, was the work of partiesritr, tell:" C urinj; the presence of that promiscuous crowd, the privatedown at the heel—they will take what they can get.MR. SEDGWICK'S SPEECH.Mr. Sedgwick's speech, vindicating the generalmation in his possession in regard to contracts, «fcc, keeping public stores, and whether any Member of Congress, directly or remotely, has a pecuniary inter- est therein, and providing for a select Cornmiltee to in- quire into the tobacco trade, with the view of a re-particular class or soaxon, constipation, irregular habits, and ne-gi«4-i»d appeals of nature being among the chief causes. By In-vigora'iag the stomach and stimulating the bowels, w e destroy who had been discharged from employment by them; fuRy guarded as then. She will confer more -watching than hots- ducted in his name, ahallhe inoperative and void."doors of Charleston will never have been so tightly shut and care- the prime cause, which ia readily accomplished by these pitohty upon the "camp followers' who have come to aworm atMI)TXyOBmAi 00Tthe win of the peoplooo:mediA'ine*. ' and they would lain have the public suppose that the a&aenibling of a National Convention." Why not say at once all judgments obtained BATCHELOR'S HAXR PYE, WIGS, and TOUPEES, thefacts we stated were but the inventionof private And these are " the Sham Democracy drawn by against the city, which the Courts have declaredprinciples and policy of the Republican party, and moval ol" the restrictions of foreign nations; and one^xesistedbyfon-e oiih« t*-t in the world; the only harmless and reliable Dye known Apply at the Factory, removed to Ho. 1C Bond-it.Our artiW a j s and Means to inquire and report, if they see fit, a measure relieving the shoemakers of Massachusetts from the tyranny oi the capitalists of that State, by repealing the duties on leather, and other imported articles which entered into the shoemakiug bu-dness.Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) offered a resolution, which was adopted, <jaliing for the corres-itous and groundle8* allegation of theirs.cle was the result of a prolonged and patient inves-tigation, undertaken solely by T H E 1'RIBUNE for ing Free-Trade and Slavery, choose to be subju-BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSC c x x T » w with recces, in effecting permanent euze* of Her- them in any Court where we can compel the posi- mon sewer. All expoaitions of our sufferings from nia or Rapture. Ladies waked upon by a female In privatelath* b««t and cheajpeai article for Dressing, BeaatlfyiBg, Cleansing, Cmriing,Freserving and Restoring the Hair.*aKfl*«. toy it. For sale by Druggists and Ferfunsera*ture; and if the Board will venture to test the cleanliness, from such rulers, is perhaps as vain aipending, or which have not, upon his application, been duly set aside."DR. MARSH continues to apply his RADICAL validity of the damning charges we brought against to look for pure Croton in a bucket from the com-Mark the language again, "not now pending." Treaty of 1812, which requires eighty guns to be pondence relative to the Swiss treaty, and the disabili- ties therein upon Hebrew citizens or the Un ted States,Is this intended to cover the West Washington maintained on the coast, so as to substitute small a former resolution on the same subject not having} - ?»> J F * * ^ , ' « «Tr.kind for permaueni re- tentton of Rupture, Bathing Trusses, Supporter., Shoul Braces, Suspensory Bandages, Silk JClastlc StoekinR, Knee-Ce AnklMa,andaU->*^ w^^^^'^ZT} JstABaB fc Co.. No.2 Vesey-st., (opposite St. P«i»»Churca)N.%P O S T A G E S T A M P S (3 and 10 cents), jfor sal© athi* Office.FROM MAKACAIHO.—By the schooner Kuchuntrefig,tive disclosure 'of the truth, we think wo might dirt may, therefore, be fruitless while the Sham safely attempt to prove our case, and more, from Democracy rules; and our only hope may be in theMarket judgment of some $70,000 ? The choice of steamers and fast-sailing brigs and schooners; sec-been answered, und additional correepoi dence having bince taken place. Also, a resolution inquirinp' into cruelties alleged to be practiced on board AmericanThe robolYonvi) DKOWVKO.—The body of a man named Johnmaking the African ternational law.slave-trade a crime.against in-NEW-YORKmotives of economy. W e record the novel fact no debts of consequence and keep their property in with mingled emotions of pleasure and surprize.Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) moved to take up th© btiT; to facilitate communication between the Atlantic an' 'Mr. Blake of Ohio stirred up a pretty active ex- citement in the House of Representatives yesterdayhealthiest, if not the healthiest.ical statistics prove? The percentage of deaths into ascertain the popular will or give effect to it, weMr. ANTHON* pjesenred a memorial for construeing a railroad to tne Pacific, by the various RailroradicalAnti-Slaveryresolution.F o ra few...*">;. sism1DAIL Y TRIBUNE, TUESDA YS MARCH 27, 1860.—Tflis is a pretty sweeping bill, and we do notfavor its passage; but if itafieoted onlysuch debts asmay be contracted after its passage, and were prop- false economy? How much better to shut our mills ?ejes and consent without murmer to an appropria- the protesters to look the fact in the face that the tion of a million dollars a year, and let the con-Now, as to what dirt costs in the sacrifice of their own hands until some one sees fit to buy and health. The natural advantages of this city areJHolman. Houston, Hughe . Kenyon, Kunkel, J.amas, Laai Love. Msllcry, Martin (<'hii won, McQueen, McRae. Mil*•ry, Moore (KT.), Moore (A:^)I;N<«U, Fhelpa. for sea, JNixosan. Rlgga,' Robinson (t!L>, tvw I 'Strum*. /Singleton, Smith (Vd.), Ptokea, Taylor. 1jart (M<*"pay for it, be heavily taxed—as they are—to enableother men to collect their debts'? We do not pro-own way,with regard to her domestic matters; andequal to ar-y in the world. It should be among the if any legislation is roquirod to that end, whether Pacific States. Agreed to.pose to answer this question at present—nor topronounce it unanswerable—but simply to say that a given number of population constantly increases.favor such legislation. But to any act intended to Companies already existing.unlicensed, and several licensed rum-shops are the as ehowing a healthy community. Now, apply theMr. GRIMES (Rep., Iowa) moved an amendment and they are entitled-tocans have some rights which their forty thousand dirty Sham Democratic rulers shouldrespect, and first amongtheseistherighttolive. Withstreetsinpays for the privilege of eating its free-trade Pro- Slavery dirt. Will the reign of this sort of Dem- ocracyprevailforever?The appropriation of $4,000 to enable the Secretary 1 of Siato to defray the cost of a prison ship at Canton,nied.W e are about to offer someirrefutablesta-A N O T H E RS W I N D L E .appropriating $15,000 for a Minister to Paraguay.sembly at Albany contains one section which reads lished and the guilty exposed or the innocent acquit- but first let us show, by indisputable authorities, as follows: ,In Philadelphia the rate is in Boston thera&isIn London the rate iaIn l'ariB the rate isl i n 56 1in 42 1ia 40 1 in 36 Iin26So.it appears that the chances of life in Philadel-phia are double those in New-York. The recordsof infant mortality in the two cities show that one-half of "the children born in Philadelphia die underten years of age, whereas, one-half of those born late fight in the Executive Session of the Senate. The Committee's amendments were considered with gate anxious to avert a volWho will be the historiographer and poet of that the following result: ge was desiroos of cas'iojt beat machine ever produced. Frioe only $110. to have murdered three persons on the sloop E. A. chaTge. Foul souls are fitly enshrined in foul in New-York die under five jears of age. The The appropriation for a Minister to Paraguay was jjgtelf m an awkward po-iit~~••We do not yet hear any particulars respecting theNays 15.The Consular Appropriation bill was taken up.No. 435 Broadway, New-York. No. 181 Fnlton-st., Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.unto led but the Central Railroad.tractors fail in their contract. gee heretofore when his ' The bill was read a third time and passed—Teas 28^ Ringed the rulee, and wer<AJT EXTIKK NXW STTIJUDeaifpaod for aQ manufacturing purposes, noiseless In its opera- W e print this morning some further particulars"fe KILGORE fRep., ladttoat, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work. It is the in' the case of Johnson, or Hicks, who ia supposed istic of criminals of all grades that came under hisTHE PARKER .SEWING-MACHINE Co.'a$*D.—>XW SKWI»f«-AlACHINK —$40.under Patent* of Howe, Grover it Baker, and Wheeler it "Wilson. Agents wanted. Office No. 46y Broadway.would seem as if this vessel was the scene of fair linen covers the unwashed cuticles of Borne of breed pestilential and other diseases that kill atL hL SIHOK-R it Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N. Y. Johnson, in the Lower Bay. The sloop Spray wasbodies. Here is^the logic of New-York filth. While highest medical authorities attribute the excess of conflict dire f Who will tell the whole truth about not agreed to. H?^ JOHN COCHRANEmortality in New-York over other cities to its it ? Suppose Messrs. Fitch and Clmgman wore to ' The appropriation in the bill of $225,000 for the re- | J5ieT1 the i abstract ones* New-York is Sham Democratic, it must be dirty. lief and protection of American seamen watj so amend- 1 Ij*rQ jficu£e on.Butwillnotourrulersletitbedecentlydirty? As filthiness—filthystreetsandfilthytenementhouses makeajointstatement,signedbyboththeirhon- edastoprovidethat#175,000ofthatamountbeused|j*«LSPEAKGRrepliedIDexamined yesterday, and bloody clothing fished up FrxMT-CLJUia, bocBUt-THJtXAn, Rapid, Noiseless, and Beautiful from the cabin. Prom present appearances, itmurders very similar in every respect to those sup- FXNKJLB & L YON'S SEWING-MACHINES received posed to have occurred on the oyster sloop. Theleast ten thousand every year. Ten thousand vic- tims of dirt, nothing but dirt. Think of it, reader.' thirty human beings are laid in their coffins every day in New-York City, murdered victims of ShamTHE LATEST NEWS, cuing citizens of the United States from shipwrecks} wag agreed to."! J'Ja correction with this res<jthe hlxheat Medal at the Kalr of the American Institute, with U*» hi^teal Premium for hne Sewing-Machine work; also, high- est FtevniMX* at the rBtate Fair, tec, teg. Agent* Wanteg. Ogee, No. SOj Broadway.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES.H We prefer them for family oae."—f Tribune. •*Tboy are the favoriteR for famiiie*."—{Times.Offic*. xNo.505 Broadway, New York.WILDER'S PATENTSAtAMAST»KX S\KK.Q L I X K B X O T H K X H ,No. 'J*; Maiden-lane, N. Y'. Alao, ten second hand Safes jrox itatx t.ow.STARR'SChemically FzeparedGLCXFor Family Vmt; 25 cents per bottle, with Brush.h'oa. iJAt* £ v * K ^ q a » x .Chinaman has been arrested, with a large amount of money in his possession.a^CETVTED BYFrom WasHingtoH. gpecial Dispatch to The N. Y . Tribune.WASHINGTON,March2C,1800. THE VERA CRUZ AFFAIR,The Navy Department failed to receive Capt. Jarvis's despatches to-day as anticipated and noThe appropriation of $10,000 for expenses incurreiunder the instructions from the Secretary of State hibringing home from foreign countries persons chargedwith crime and expenses incident thereto, was agreed ? cccrtesy was cerraioiy oae t< to..firingSlavery,he.coul-icot Ctomittee to report a b:l) g"Vxxsox it Co.•t,ymen and women in the streets that day whose gar-Otherwise, we ehall confidently expect that Gov.clause with reference to the Record Commissionersin either the County or the City levy. The matteris now in litigation, and if the resalt is adverse to extent of $2 or $3 each; and. would not the dam- ftating it. In the veto hy which he squelched the submitted a bill embodying the propositions adopt-! the County, the .Supervisors have full power to levy age to the clothes of the other nine-tenths of the Record Commissioners' swindle, ho gave as his ed at a former meetbg for the central route, X[t the amount without further legislation. Still, if the people, and to the goods in shops and furniture, etc., reaeon, the fact that the question was in litigation HiDdmac entered a motion to reconsider the vote I Legislature should adopt the course desired by the iu dwellings swell the total to half a million in the Courts, snd stated that he could not sanction wbicn the one road proposition was adopted. Tidollars?sooner than have this swindle fastened upon the Are there not at least ten such fiercely action.led to considerable discussion, when the Coannitfcu, of resuming t*>e consideration of the subjectEleven o'clock p. m —The Pacific Railroad Com- mittee has just adjourned. By a vote of seven to!amountwindy, dry, dusty days in a year as waslast Wednesday, and are not the streets always, orBLAKE was nncerstrt Considerable excitement has been created in cer- yearly Joes in clothes, goods, furniture, etc., on Toll bill," and favor the " Sessions bill," so called. road, Mr. Curtis not voting, and Messrs. Fento*! »kisproposition, but the '.mubt petition, giving a schedule of hid debts, list of debtors, and an inventory of MB effect*, which he shall verify by affidavit.line, each insertion.A fire-damp explosion took plaoe yesterday after- davit, that at leant two-thirdt in amount of all debCa owing by costs the citizens at least the sam^appropriated forwere killed, and many more seriously injured.tion must be stolen by contractors and tne ruliDg' SBOU>ifitsnailappearbyauulipetition,sohedule.audalli-Taxoffour mills. Now,weaskthe supportersof withMexicanaffairs. The recenteventsintheOtttfl ijozenormoremember?<->n cession much solicitude in official quarters, as it Ulhim, and specified in- tuch schedule, have been due and vnpa'dnoon at Chittenden's Shaft, four miles from Hjde for the space of one year prior to the time of the presentation of Beeping the city clean for a year. Of course, underhe " Sessions bill," if they suppose the people will feared they may complicate us with tns foreign povreesf ch the attention of the 3p<saidpttxtion, the oilioez to whom the Borne shall be ao prevented, Park, Penn., by which from fifteen to twenty men shall make &n order requiring all the creditors of such insolvent to show cause before such officer,, if any they nave, at a certain time and place, to be aperilled by hire, why an asbignment of theSham Democratic rule, one-half of every appropria-bear a tax of four „ mills? Do you, Messrs.bavins: large interests in that country. Nothing mater- ially different from the newspaper accounts has reao ihe Government.The House has been officially informed that the Pr._ cent has signed the bill providing for the protection iemale passeDgers.Mr. Draper, a representative of the New-Engli! inkers, is to lecture here on Thursday.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.SENATE WASHINGTON, March 26, 1860. The C H A I R laid before the Senate a commuaieatio* from the Secretary of the Treasury, giving the number]y the proposition WM a rejected, yeas 60, nay» II. .8—Messrs. Adams (Mass ) Blake, Rruruxucame, Burrooir i*Conkling, Cnrti>, T>*1*E"._ ly," Farnsworth, ForteT. £'ns Belmick, Hoard, Bumphr»-\(Mich.), Lee. Lovejoy. Mciv* Pottle, Bice, Sed«*ick SI Pa.). Tappan. T.Tnpkic*, -"ashbnrn (Wis.), WaalA—Meters. Al en, Ander">t Barr, Barrett. Boc.ox. BtUtow, Bui-ch,. BDrn«tt, C>bb, John Cochrane. Coop*-,, ), Crawford, Curry, Davi*, Dtjaraette, Dana. Edo. npose. Now, as we have shown, one day's dust thousand dollars a year, and will necessitate a State State for several hours, to-day, on business connected.;Sessions, Lapham,Fiero, Ketcham, and Robertson, insolvent's eotato should not bo made, ana he be discharged classes. If half a million dollars a year will keep suppose the people will willingly pay a tax of fourAt last, we are beginning to get some details of the capture of Minunon's steamers at Vera Cruz. As yet, however, we have the statements of only one side. They will be found on another page of this paper.•—JFor a wonder, the United States Senate yester-day refrained from voting to spend $15,000 for a it will not be easy to roll back the current. Wny clear ing the streets ? Who would not rej oice in the useless Minister to Paraguay, and refrained from should that large proportion of 6ur citizens who incur privilege of being clean upon such terms 1the streets actually clean, why should five millions of property and thousands of lives be sacrificed tomills, when they know that your votes rendered such tax necessary, instead of one of two and a halfcred names. Why not?the governing class, will they not vouchsafe a fairexterior to Broadway and the leading thorough-fares, though their well-beloved filth holds its reignin other streets and in Sham Democratic domiciles,from the Five Points to the Fifth avenue ? Although Democratic misrule. About five million dollars a MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.in the Cecal year ending tfce 30th of June, 1860. 1 «j; SHERMAN Rep C The appropriation of $10,000 for acknowledging the 1 J J ^ ifela ^ floor t^Vfaservices of masters and crews of foreign vessels in res- F*|L ftiT^L (S Arc. G«)A resolution of inquiry into the expenditure of a minority, the twenty-five thousand clean .Republi- year and ten thousand lives is the price New-Yorkl &gfi personal ri-gard for h::a.Yet, what do med-partment concerning the Vera Cruz affair. Allthat we have drawn no partisan picture of our gov- " The Cour>»el to th*. Corporation aludl have the sole charge of, investigation thus far establishes the fact that no paaa, and thought there was necessity for retrench- Mr. BARKSDALE (DenU|erning classes, the ftml and filthy Sham Democracy, in respect to claims against it, and aU proceedings which have After further discussion, the amendment was re- iiato-otate Slave t;ade, acf beentaienonbehalfoftheCorporation, or anyofficer thereof, Administration finally concludes to sustain the jected,andthebillpassed. Hatdock-yard?,arsenal*,<^<The Rcraltly the Sham Democratic Heraldt that in relation to any action in which the Corporation is a pirty,t, the moat dashing, I Tho Executive Committee of tho .Republican says Northern mechanics are inferior in condition to without the consent or authority of the Counsel to the Corpora- officers it will be on the pretended grounds of the The bill to authorize the sale of public arms to the Mr. KILGORE—That ifI evening at the BreYDori House with many of thefree-trade merchants and bankers to send money toeffectual, notwithstanding &uch proceedings; and the ControllerMr. COLFAX, by request :other presses—The Herald, the chosen organ of the ;The jou t resolution from the House for the relief of After an Executive Session the Senate adjourned.Mr. HASKIN (A. L., S taiturtS m:XOKXHSX XAXCT COOD*.Comprising in part,French and Chinese Fans, Hair JNets, and Headdresses, Faney Hair Fins and Combs, Belt Clasps, Buckles and Slides, Paris Dreas Buttons, Garters, WatchGxardtf, bteel and Gilt Jewelry,Brushes, Fen-holders,Aceoideons, &c,which they offer to the Trade at the lowest market price, andon the n«ft favorable terni«.'WINDOW SHADES,Manufactured byFXIMOX LAHOX.W~ sell to the Jobbing Trade only.The attention of large buyers solicited-A. JBABBJCKLO k. Co., No. 36 Murray-st.J . K. S T A F F O R D ' S O L I V E T A RASX>ixox AJrp Sr/LPHCK FownEK*.Txx GXXAT Kxxxnix* *ox CATAXXH.Read the following testimonial Irom the Rev. Joshua Leavitt, diciously employed in pensioning Democratic pa- exception: feel the necessity of having been the bona The above bills were ail appropriately referred.Editor of The Independent: pers, and in helping to elect, or in trying to elect fide individuals who, by. nook or by crook, secured cise amount of the judgments so set aside, but it tional founderies. This new branch of Govern- Mr. BLAKE (Rep., O.) introduced a bill to repeal "Nxw-Yoxx,Feb.2,186a the nominationoftho next DemocraticPresidentialcandidate.Having been greatly troubled for TWXNTT YXAKH with a very Democratic candidates for Congress in Pennsyl- Via.-ons of Marshelsbips, Surveyorships, Coilcctorsbips, and all must be at leaBt $100,000, and there are judgments mental business will be arrested in the House, un- the Fugitive Slave law of 1850. Referred to theSecretary.The best feeling prevailed.with the governing classes of the American metrop- olis should be eminently qualified to Bketch them accurately, gives this pleasing picture in a leading article of the 5th inst.: 'pose of this eection is to repeal a salutary provision contained in the Tax Levy of last year, which gave the Controller the power to apply to the Courts to set aside any judgment obtained against the citySlavery wherever it exists and the power of Congress could reach. Many Republicans voted for it, being a mere resolution of inquiry and-others against it, because it was inexpedient and contemplated noW e give to-day copious and choice extracts from the report of the testimony taken before the Inves-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE (Rep., N. Y.) ao- peared and took his seat for the first since the orgaai-zation of the House.which ought to be about the entire blackguardism,ruffianism and villainy of the State, belong to theSham Democratic party, and are bound for Charles- Courts. Mark the provisions of the section wesion that the Nicaragua Treaty, without the rightof military intervention by this Government, wouldnot be accepted, his authority is not considered con-clusive. Mr. Buchanan and he are both running the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish all tho infor-ing classes, to whom a majority of the voters of this metropolis, believing their interests to lie in uphold-ing to him rank among the foremost intellects of the House*THE SLA VE-TRADE.Mr. Morse of Maine offered resolutions for sup-pressing the slavc-trado; first, by modifying thooenedvoithe evidence which we would draw even from the noisiest and rowdiest members of the Board itself.It seems the Record CommiBsion swindle at Al-baxy ia only scotched, not killed. We learn that iis proposed by its friends to tack it with the rest othe County levy totheCitylevy,andtodelayth* isedfilthsweptthrougheverystreetandinto eveiy andofcoursethe Committee were deceived into passageofbothtillthelastmoment,soastothrow openshopdoor. Eyesight,"lungs,andgarmentsof agreeingtoit. WecalluponMr.Tuckerandupon Governor Morgan the responsibility of sign-Messrs. Pond, A. Smith, and others on the Commit-/ery human being, and inter- portingabillgivinflrr'eedoormutoti>/«[ictinx" Slavory wherever Consreas has the Constitutional poaft* dfto l^ialate on that subject."The question was stated on the passage of the reso-Last" Whtrea*, Th« chatUiug of mankind, and <\* noldins of poi- sons as property is contrary to naturaljurtiof *"" •*• fundamon this traffic; third, recommending negotiations for tal prfr.oipW of our political system, ay* la notoriously a r«Capt- Evans, we have dates to th* Oth insLarmy had boen totally defeatod and dispersed at tho pas*Carocol, and tho war was snppoeed to be ended.i$cxh3e«s generally was dull. Coffee and hides were«earce on account of the political troubles interferingwith the industrial pursuits, and consequently rule highin price. Proviaionavwere in request at remunerating ing the bill with the swindle in it, or of defeating some degree injured; goods in stores to some ex- tee, to move at once to have the bill recommitted, net.revenue of the quarter just expiring, for the lution. The preamble was reserved for a separatetion, or which have not been conducted in his name, ahull be condition of anarchy in Mexicp justifying a de- several States and Territories, and to regulate the ap- Bbase. «Sufficient unto tiThis provision involves a fraud upon the tax-payers of this city which it is hoped to consummate the House. It proposed substantially to givenext.tigating Committee now sitting in Washington, of " Intense excitement pie vails among tho aristocracy of Dem- wherever he had reason to suppose it was obtained practical object, while others refused to vote. The Mr. THAYER (Rep., Mass.) introduced a bill with- Mx. SHERMAN, from thdrawing the protection of CoBgress from non-resident which Mr. Haskin of this State is Chairman. It ocratic shonldor-hitters, gamblers, gougers, maimers, burglars, fraudulently or wrongfully, and for this purpose he resolution was thus defeated by over fifty majority. land-holders tn the several States and Territories.keepers and owners of dene Ofprostitution, outcast criminal*appears that the profits made by the public printers from Blackwell'a Island and Sing Sing, and that pothouse off- was authorized to employ any counsel he chose. These barren generalities onlyprovoke unnecessary Mr. SPAULDING (Eep., N. Y.J introduced a biUtfeaos, reported a bill euop jsaxending with July next, c£sundry civil expenses .of X«a*fiscalyear. \TheHonte went into Looceeded in setting aside a large number of judg-havea fingerin the pie at Churluntoii. Vhey, without mentsagainstthecity. Wedonotknowthepre- selltotheStatesthearmsmanufacturedatthena- abilltoestablishanAssayOfficeatAtchison,Kansas. byti»steadfastnessandv.rWOXCX.VTXXJHIXK BACCB." JOH.V L>rNCA.V At SOSS, N o . 405 leather, with the purpose of relieving their distress. " having the bag, and being able to pay well, comeBroadway, sole Agents for the United States. We are glad to see in that quarters so much care for '• first in order, and the other under the control of law of last year, he has sueceeded in setting aside documents. He admitted the fact, and justified Mr. MORSE (Rep., Me.) introduced a resolution de-THE UNPRECEDENTEDSUCCESSwhichhasfor theprosperityofthelaboringfreemenofthe^oun- "FernandoWood." "TheRegencysteamerwill thejudgmentattached,exceptinsomesmallcases theobjectasbeingequallyproperwiththedistri- claringthatmoreefficientmeasuresshouldbetakenavailed himself of the power given him under the the printing to the National Committee to circulate erly rreely and without molestation into tne Territory of Kansas Referred to the Judiciary Committee.language, taken in connection with the fact that,ond, the adoption of some system with other mari-ballot-box, in the day when principles and dry goods will cease to be exposed for sale in our marble palaces.all whom necessity doomed to go abroad were inboth levies entirely. In order to induce the Legis- tent damaged. Would it be exorbitant to estimate with instructions to strike out the section we have payment of them and the route agents. It passed vote.lature to do this, the clause as to the Record Com- the ruin caused by dust on that single day at half a quoted. W e aBk them to do it, if not from regard The Yeas andJNays were called on the Democratic the House and Senate unanimously. This bill will side.exposing the inconsistencies of their adversaries,was a most vigorous and telling effort, fully sustain-ing the high reputation he brought here, and secur- which wan adopted, instructing the Committee of£*«np at. The Oligarch *£***"rk impudence, reqt JTM8**y perverted from wean of meaning a gover«J«*«tof thTmany, it 1for tile*W "a*«««< ^den rule, and regal jr^Waeoraent, a* curses -Jg zew guarantees tor •toodern Democracy foiin OI popular sovereign\ hspfcmel into eubnifcsioi i>arty. This was Itie > pnbhesn oiKuaWiou L because it e t a W in tu7 Jsed tjxteen miiRots and in the S a'ew, und future to resist tne opWhich all nations now d ,X*odern Democracv w evened. He wou'a. notJrew fitted oat at the •fc no difficulty. i« rec •hne from a Northern co Conservative, church.* o » t and its repres-enj •bout the right of se •***, to evade our-ii wpnently teekir-g to put •he notorious fact tha'. Jow be carried on with gKe to see each niau eug »oe yard-arm of the shipthough Mr. Busteed, the Corporation Counsel, time powers, by which the nationality of suspected merchant vet&els.originally appealed from that judgment, yet on vessels might be established, and requiring officers Dec. 31, 1859, the last day of his official term, he to be sustained for discharging their duty in abatingMr. BLAKE (Rep., Ohio) ottered the foVowing pre- limble and resolution:mi*»ion is to be modified in some way. We warn million dollars ? Were there n6t of the million in- for the welfare of the city, at least from regard for save contractors from some of the extortions they Mr. KILUNGER (Rep , Penn.) objected to the fbikt if there was a Dexu'the nieuiboia of the Legislature of this plan, ar-d I habitant* of New York and its vicinity at least one I their own reputation. And we ask the Assembly to have heretofore suffered.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069resolution.Mr. PHELPS (Dem., JL>.) said oue geuUeiaaa had&«ur years, such langUM Tho. Republican" {.itvrty wi ^wanthority of any toRELIEF OF MAIL CONTRACTORS.Mr. Colfax reported a bill for the relief of mail contractors, authorizing the Department to use the•*' JRc<otv*d, That the Committtx* o< « « Jadieiaty bo, and tho samearehrrVbyhyttructodtoiac^*b^0 t^»voxpedl»ncyofreFrtnsb, Garn*tt, Oartrei!, of inmates in the Marine Hospitah* from 1854 to 1859. H B snis (MdO, Harris (V,,), Hatgrog-bills. It is not inclined "to let anything pass no payment be made to said line by the Government £pan on the o'her etd<? eo o until it is in operation, and that it cease when the con- desired to ask why he didMr. HUNTER (Dem., Va) moved an amendment Xtabeing, because that won:m the laet to add to Democ Mx. MASON (Dem., Va.) advocated the necessity of I km loose, especially at '.hThe bill supplemental to the act to authorize protec-without any consultation among his political tion to citizens of the United States who may discover tte mails during the quanetinquiring into the moneys paid lor transportation for the army of Utah.Mr. McQUEEN (Dem., S. C.) onered a resolution,^iietof toe Preeicentiai eh-cti (beotsion.Ir. NIBLACK (Dem.. ^ Hoaid be permitted to tpe*xMi. KIl£QB.EwaM«<i Wfling to instruct.an inquiryhem to dissolve, b www.fultonhistory.comISSSIIH••••!» 