 s 1*«OOUbecame thick with foiling anew. Everything «ww-•• ..-....•The paper and typography do as much credit to. thoRobert Greene will shortly appear.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069To the biblio-1 ae plan being made public-itself has not been deemed worthy of notice sinceI5,. -£'&his works, and generally by men of eminence in the —Beside the article of Macaulay on SUvery, pub- social or politioal world.work is to be commenced at once, and it is intended ti^ have the gallery ready for occupancy by the lstrf next O itober.* :I JHii • ithe opinions maintained by Wilborforce, CharlesSimeon, Thomas Scott, and of which the " Christiaa A Knowledge of Living Things, with the Laws of their Exist- of the orime of stealing and mutilating some of the for the Academy of Exhibition will give a much better:'was shrouded in the gloom of an Arctic night There were scarcely sufficient provisions remaining for two weeks; the fuel was still more scanty; and this was merely lard and rope yarn, suitable for cook- ing food and melting ice, but not adapted to givewarmth to the half-frozen travelers. The place was about sixteen miles below Cape Parry, about midway between Whale and Wolsteoholme Sounds. A mere dismal Bpot, on which to straggle for ex- ifcte? ce, can hardly be imagined.It was not until the morning of the 28th of Septem- ber,that-wefullymadeopoarmindsthatescapewas hopeless. Without •wasting time in nsele38 lamenta-tion, wo at once proceeded to secure cur equipment; which ytt did by carrying it, piece by piece, to a ledge cm a rock near at hand, caref nily keeping tally to see that BOsmall articles were massing. Everything be-heat radiated from our bodies. The warm breath,charged with the moisture which frescoes the wallsand "ceilings of our snow-palace with glittering crys-tals, heats it too. The reader will more readily appre-ciate this when he recalls the dimensions of the apart- dence in the success of an expedition intended to,. ment into which was crowded eight men. Ita averagehas reduced ihe usual 12mo. editions from 3^ francs but the public, for some reason or other, do not letmj ^wt^nvMMiK^vvnniNffnSSSBSVQ 5RS353? "! WH35* '- Wi T.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1860.A -M maniac, these douWe-eolumned cotaros are a poor sub- JOfflT PUBLICATION'S. view; and, fearful tfcat we should lose j n r w ; we him, as we looked' buck from the rocks above tho hit, its contents do ,tb the^literary renown of that ancient stitute for tne-beamiful poet^vo*edi ionsissued by Mr,4t?-'^/"HA YES'S ARCTIC BOAT JOURNEY. trudged back towardthe tent. fjrL*!* obltorated Our outward iooun*rk* were almost ©bitteratea' AK ARCTIC BOAT JOURJOCY IN THE AUTUMN OFKM. By; ISAAC I. H.XX**- l*mo. pp. 875. Brown, Tat- even before we ^ J ^ J ^ e g i f f A ^ Scappaltreok,~e i*Wf^„^ obovetheoatup. By this tame a l ' ^ u ^ j w u . a e d 5a<>.w a , m^\x"* n*T> cry, which sounded much like mockery of.-our appeared in a collected shspe, all of whioh are no,W*of defeat.- : ous a vein of matfly^entiment, and a vigorous, flowingi screen bad no better success at sea. He observed diction. As a specimen of his productions wo quote greet and cenetantly-ioereasmg scarcity and value.nothing about Ictious, and that the Florentine* wet*!9?».\-IJI. '.".'" .CJwaumgham wi SaakWsreloquex H«Jy FamiBfs cf j./-^•Itispleasant: ' £»pHal, who ha\ tidurethebronzrestive underO M of the most interesting events described in *.Dr.Knee'snarrativeofbisArcticexpeditionisthe *&£IZ8$*M2& W?heTdontooirmo«-bag*,firedashyhimatthelongrangeoftwohundredyards.«vr.«* WAP w^nrvdfx*: nru»tb«r wa» fcWed,''yr i«"ipoo*«0\to be, at a shorter distance; but the wounded one es- capedandandtheothersank.x'be ptwee is barren aoU desolate bevond nescription. Kamtonbb told us that the coast, from-a .little way be- low r*ape Pa*r» to the mouth of WolflenHolme Sounl. is called tho "barren ground." Even the poor pit- tance of stone moss that we get, comes not withoat bard labor and much searching. Some of us ara in pursuit of it almost every day. This service g^oera'ly falls to the lot of Sonntag, Bonsall. and myself. Ste- pbeneon is an iavalid, but when he can crawl out of doors we may count upon him. for he is full of spirit. The moeB does not agree with John, Godfrey, and Whipple, as well as with the rest of us, aad we sel- dom have their help; we therefore put them ou watc!\ alternately at tbe hut, and let one of them go with Petersen, and the tth«»r to the traps at Bootn Bay, when they are able. The poor fellowB, however, are mostly sick, and they seldom stir abroad.-We (the mo«s gatherers) go out in the morning as eoon aB it is light. Each carries a tin-plate, a piec* of hoop-iron (a relic of our kegs) bont in the shape of a boree-sboe, aud a little bag—which is a shirt with the r>*ck and sieves fed up. The plate is to clear away the enow, which is often more than two feet deep; the iron is to scrape off .the moss. W e travel always over much ground. Ooco we crossed the bay to tho south of us, aud were distant from the hut six miles. Soms- tfmes our labor is rewarded with a good supply- enough to last two or three daye; sometimes w*e do not collect enough in five or rix hoars to ffive U3 a sin- gle n:eal. I bave.soucht Sloue, for a whole dav, with- out getting a pint. The greater number of the rocks have nothing on them, and the hard labor of clearing away the deep snow is unrecompensed.W e boil the moss with .a.handful or two of meat- biscuit, flour, or bread-dust, aud thus eke out our sup- plies. It is disgusting at best, and is soared* more nutritions than paper." When the E-quimauxleftus, we bad each «hirty«BU biscuits, beside three piats: of bread-duet. The allowance to each man waa one b s* cuita day: but the temperature is so low, and our laHor is to hard, that this small quaotity of food is not4s.'*j-.THEPARSON. ,;--;WHEN I was young, and fond of noise, Aidworemyfirstorayhomespunjacket,And fought stout bat*las with the boys,And filled my father's house with racket;vOur veil-beloved pastor died,And left behini him scores of weepers-Stout pulars of the church, long tried,As well as leeser props—and sleepers. ;He was a patriarch, wise and grav,One of the old-time Christian scholars;History. Two new volumes of his elegant #erieeiasmallquartoareannounced,"TheUnpublishedRoyal- buttoowellthattheircoalsweretaxedtodefrayth itt Poetry of the Revolution," mclufttog ths verses of cost of the huge cathedral; but they nught hare been Stamebury and Odell, edited, with Introduction and i^no-snt, and we prcsumetheywere, of SbrCarUtopher• departure of a portion of the company from ths c Advance, with the view of reaching Upernavik in North, Greenland, the nearest point to which a journey over the ice was supposed to be practicable. . The party, which consisted of the writer of this . volume and seven others, left the brig in appositionto tfee opinion and counsel of Dr. Kane, bat notwithout his sympathy with their fortunes and his•. wishes for their sucsess. They carried with them with frost and famine, is vividly described in thehis written assurance of a brother's weleomeNghould following paragraphs:they be driven back, which was amply redeemed Let the reader suppose that I have ju*t returnedfrom a visit to the traps. First, I raise the fiat oanva=» after tbe disastrous termination of the enterprise. lid* then jump down four feet, then draw in my head andThe toils and sufferings of the party are folly do-. tailed in the present volume, and afford materialsfor a narrative of exciting interest.Mr. Petersen, the Danish interpreter, was'ap-pointed to the command of this forlorn hope, anddror» tbe c»nvas. I now crawl ou all fours, turou, h six feet of darkness, up a gentfe elope, then three feet more down a rapid deaceot, when 1 come against tie doer; this I push open with my head; I pass through, the door shuts of itself, and I stand upright, Ukinj* care not to strike my head agtinat the oar-raf ere. I am now inside the hut. Thell^or, or aisle, ou whioh I stand is throe feet wide. To my right hand is the " breck," which is the bed and seat of four of my com- panions; my place i« anion* them. To my left is the" breck" of throe others. If this entrance is supposed to be late in the day, they are lying down side by side, a buffalo-skin under them, blankets oyer th«>m, their heads c^ose to my feet. Mr. Bonsall comes first, then MT. Sonntag. then a vacant place, then poor sick Ste-phenson, ana last comes 81r. Petersen. John, Godfrey, and Whipple lie in a row on the other side, at right angles to tbe direction of the four previously named. Be:ere me is the post which sustains the roof, and sap- ports our little lamp which has one feeble flame. Over this flame is suspended a square kettle, which we h*ve made of our Borden's meat-biscuit can. We hive abandoned the lake; and now, with thi* lamp and ket- tle we melt from tbe snow all the water that we re-—Several important works are now in progress atestablishment of Messrs. Parker. Among them are in Lor don, who completed the Louvre, or who the"* active part in its efforts and dangers. The journey ' was commenced on the 28th of August, 1854, with. an outfit of provisions and fuel sufficient, as was . estimated, to Hit from four to five weeks, the time . necessary, wi h ordinary good laak, to reaoh Uper-navik. Two boats and a sledge constituted the equipment of traveling, while a molerate supply of stores was provided, consisting of a barrel of par- boiled pork, half a barrel of raw pork, fifty pouudsof boiled beans, five barrels of bread, fifty poundsof coffee, and about five of tea, all sewed up in can- - vea bags. In the way of luxuries,they found roomfor about twenty pounds of flour, a two-gallon keg , of molasses, a can of "Burden's meat-biscuit, half adozen bottles of lime-juice, and two of vinegar.Anglo-Norman Psalter of William the Conqueror,D r . Hayes, the surgeon of the Advance, took anedited, by M. Francieque Michel. The Phi'tbua of indefatigable antiquary, the Clerk of the Commo*Plato, a revised Text and Commentary, edited by Conncfl, who knows who was the architect of ths City, ; Mr. Poste of Oriel College. A new Catena on St. Hall ? W e h wve a great number of very fine churches,Paul's Epistles, from the works of the early fathers and the names of their architects are as little knowa asAfter a perilous struggle for nearly a month they the left, are stowed three clothes-b*g«; in the corres- found further progress impossible, while to retrac? ponding corner, to the right, are five more. Petersen's their steps was equally beyond their power. Tney head is close to the stove; and close to Petersen'sof Balzac It includes a view of the past, the present,and the future of tbe book trade, or La Lihrarii tut we do not know who designed St. Paul's and St.Frantjaise, with biographical sketches of the most dis- John's, which evince a much higher order of archi- tinguished publishers since the Revolution. The pe- tectural talent. There are great numbers of'fine riod of 1825 he fixes on as tho most flourishing of the dwelling-houses, too, " up town," which have publishing business, both for the size and merit of thecould neither travel over the ice, nor cut through it They were cast upon a shore more bleak and bar- ren than any which they had before seen in that dreary region. The Summer was gone, and the "Winter was approaching rapidly. The hills werehead stands a gun; the others are hanging outside on >egs, in the passage. The canvas and rafters over- head', and the walla all around, are white with a coat ng of frost and ice—the condensed moisture of our >reath. It is a cold, damp, dark, cheerless place.The temperature is not below zero at the floor, nor above 4<P in the center. The temperature outside ranges from zero^to 20° belo w it. It is early Winter yet, and the cold has not fally set in. This differencesprung up within a few years, as if at the works then undertaken and the beauty of execution bidding of a sorcerer; but we know nothing ofcovered with snow; the valleys were filled with; drift; tie streams were all dried up, and the sea between the outside and inside record is owing to thewhich the typographic arts had then attained. A fatal blow, not recovered from, was given to this commer- cial prosperity by the Revolution of 1830, aud. since tbat time the irrepreesible demandfor cheapness, whichtbe artists whose genius gave them their beauty. Our architects arepceeibly too much engrossed iu their professional labors t o think of cultivating their reputa- tion. Aid yet we have an " Institute of Architects,"ing tbns made safe, we spread over the whole our so mar-y struggles; and we knew not how far the act jaus, and fastened them down with heavy stones, that might affect our future fortunes; but come what would, the 'wind might not carry tJyam away. The boats were and regret the destruction as we might, tier* was no then cap*rzeo to prevent their being filled with snow; alternative. At first we used her tenderly, as if toBeeet—a view of Antwerp, with a Dutch frigate lyhur to the entire secret correspondence of Mr. Eden and at anchor, and a great variety of strange craft underWilliam Pitt, the immes of Lord George Germaiae, eaiL These objects are all represented with great ae- .snd yerticaJ, except that it was broken in two nlace3, i'ormbgat each a shelf. The other side was lower, being net more than from three to four feet high, and was round snd sJopiog. As if to make no for this de-fect, it was, however, cut by a lateral clofLW e at once determined upon this place for the hui. The recks would save us the labor of mush carrying of etones and building, and the little break on the west-ern side would answer for a door-way.Having now fixed upon a site,the next thiag was toobtain materials for building. Thus far we nad seen nonewhatever, everything being covered with snow. W e now found, however, that there were some stones scattered al>ont; but unfortunately they were all frov*n tigbt, so ih*t we could not lift them; and hero the ice-caieei, which we had brought from the Life- boat depot, and for wlich we had hot hitherto found use, was of great service- Indeed, withoat it, we, thouidnothavebeenabletooiJ'ectanything.An :cc-cbi*el is a bar of iron an inch in diameter and focr fe«t long, which is beat at one end in the form of a rh.'gv to be grasped by the hand; and is sharpened and tempered at the other end like a stone-luarrier's drill. With this ms'jTtment Mr. Bonsall loosensd the.Broadway, has been drawn by Mr Hamilton, an E« we were almost stifled whenever meal-time came Bithop . of Calcutta, he was appointed his euc- Cathara Clyde; A Novel. By Inconnu. 12mo. pp. 3T7. Charles Humphrey. They also announce the appearance of a ' glish architect, who has designed some vory admirable iof ocr^e npen our shoulders.Having accumulated a considerable pile, the masonsside of this, on the eame peg, was placed aa^ther loop mede at the end of a cord, which was carried up through the rear of the trap, and over the top to thehave had few attachments, and no intimacies; freeothorin "The Edinburgh Review" for March, 1827 (voLand Richard III. Volume 4, Lcs Jaloux,fa devoted to Triolus and Cressida, Much Ado About Nothing,' OVer these were spread the boat's sails, which were pose; we/could never start one. The foxes (both the stretched taut, and secured by heavy stones. Then blue and'white varietiee) were repeatedly seen; butwe collected mo*s to thatch the canvas. This was even theywers very timid, and could not bo approached a more laborious task than carrying the stones; for we within a shorter range than two or three hundredwere compelled t> scour the country in all directions, yard)?. On one occasion Mr. Bonsall and myself had ax.dasthetnowwasalmosteverywhereafootdeep,to atediousrunforfullythree hours af«;er one,withoutdig for each apiece of moss that we obtained. Indeed, euccees. Each of us had a gun. and we tried every ^ocr times out of ftye; we were unsuccessful in finding art and Etratagem. The little fe'.low was seen one ]&Mng?eluaip, after clearing away cart-loads of snow. moment far up the hill-side, eeited upon a rock; and This labor would not h*ve been so severe, but that we being thence pursued, he would leap down, and clam-nad no «bovel, and were obliged to use our tin dianer- bering arouna the face of the hill, would be next seeu nlates. Our carpenter endeavored to supply this de- on the plain; whore, again pursued, he would play- fect by making a shovel out of the staves of our now fullv circle about us, as if the subject of slaughteringuseless molasses keg, tacking them together, aud fast- him" was to us not the roost serious business In the ening to th*m a tent-pole for a handler but as this con- world. Bonsall hid behind a rock while I chased;trivance soon came to pieces, it ikiied to answer our a»d aga'n I hid and Bonsall chased; but. althoughpurpose. several times the secreted party seemed to be directlyin the fox's path, yet he always turned at the properThe moss was frozen hard, and was found rarelv in moment to insure the safety of his neck, trotting grace-larger quantities than a patch two or three feot in fully away, gnnlflDg the air—the prettiest and most diameter, but more frequently in lumps the size of one's provoking of living creatures. He was about the sizenea*s fitted to accomplish the purposes claimed for ihem in metaphysical and theological speculation. In the course of his argument, he finds oocasion to consid- er the principal problems of metaphysics, and although beevidentlyshrinksfrom the attempt to establish a dogmatic system, his criticisms on the most eminent leaders of modern speculation, are ofton acute, and a wsj ssuggestive.A KNOWLEDGE OF LIVING THINGS, WITH THE LAW OF THEIR EXISTENCE. By H. N. But, A. M., AL D. rime, pp. 318. Ballliere Brotheis.The elementary principles of natural science are here presented in a popular form, in their relations with human physiology. BoBide the results of tho mo3t recent researches and discoveries on the subject, the author has drawn upon his personal observations aud experience,inawiderangeoftravel. Hisstatements1863, addressed to the Committee of the Academy ofSciences; for tho second and third prizeB, before Jan.1,1865; and for the fourth and fifth, before April nounce that their publications will all contain a label dibtinguiebed authority in American archaeology, M*chilled and «TM%~»*iH«Snir their oonteate upon tie rhowever; a n d , » 2 f ^ wh!t had been previouslyfftates is terribly; Notes, by Winthrop Sargent, aud"" Burgoyne's Or- Wren, tbongh he rebuilt Loudon after the great fire. 4 frgten, which has|^Tbea w^dr c i S m S I to increase with the darkness, and bytha time supper was over, bisw strong from SmmSSSisoutheast. The drift was whirling in eddies ^ooKh the air, and a gloomy night was comiag on as we drew under our canvas shelter.deily Book/' during the whole of his memoribls cam- What do we New-Yorkers know of the Ictinuaes theit worse than the 90 one will btlievl »y calling Mr. MifSCIENCE, 1\The annuls of nave not been m ditcoverks that half of tteprese there are greatpyfodfttoward to wiBjustify tbtir Some of these scientific journ>i perfected within eat may be asjc* as tbe obscuTe an«jprolific brain of su«s of our Paten numerous as eveT n«ls Tbey are sii details of fonm- last point of ex< lute perfection. that of Agricukui though it m«»y b churns yet remah the last plow iu chine is being car eylvaniaand Ma exempting it fro:it to «he status oi man's cow. A b not be tern f-'om beset by ptddlen the inestimable bthe blind one* quarter, and cost evidences of con tiona to complin spair of the Rep. F L A X TO S e n tied belief of the the linen masufa"thai tbe time con seme new procee into cloth as cbet manufacturing n4 rotting, breakingmarket; ihe cottt and separating t greater cott of chinery for mer< provementSj itplished,anrlare.flax-growing rej ' machinery for b wetting; for waiorating and porif long and abort fif the work of fiftyl and in the gener chinery, such ai that a linen fact< one for cotton. -chinery has t^oy converted into fi cen's perponnd ning it as cheap!only 5 cents. A< as cottons. Mac! ton, Xenia, Piqm. ing unrotted flax. out twatuna of when refined an go<ide. At Eatc first tune in thai article for coveri thefux straw ] rollers, which h<. of straw, which paws of Sharp fibers withoutshoves The da , a beautiful aiuigether like cotix factory.Now this manufactunxic 1 good reason for than cotton goo both is so neariy tensivtly in thia lievedof all trot new mills areAmerican mad seed alone pays realized freni ti much clear pair but flax in aiilinen than we d half what it is t the first linen fa realize etormcu cotton spinne.s: State can grow he so great as tc can Slavery'posTux STJCKEOS Stereoscope ia o more ttartlinj: tlbecome as popu ready obtained i the Union, and farmhouse whei of the bcautha the public taste, rect teacher TJscope means the of plane. A* ananangemoit the human e> ce each ether. Th in mirrors in su from thein wo the tame spot. yet the wonder] producing tht-u Utn of the j-on rep:esenting a To give the Kit cccupy too amian?, it may bo ntemnt since ;ltapurl!orNtabte oJ no rnival. It* already sold, American inge provements WJ digious stiniul are now trav vieWsofreiniAuction of pict employinghia scope, heautifj or, may yet U yet he greatly^-> the world <>i Ttm ciee it has beaThe mode of We during this terrible renoontreWho cheered affliction's weary way,.Aid give th' oppressed advice—and dollars.Tbe matrons'love for him, at last, Sublimed almost to veneration,For he 'd bapttw d one half the past, And all the present generation.Outeide the church, the good man held f, A comprehensive supervision,And village quidhunce were compelled' ihundred copies being the number to whiah the impres- enmstance that there are no architects in this couairy sion is strictly confined, though issued only last year, vfbose names are known to the people: and yet wast# •ART ITEMS.crowded inte on? b»«w« ~ W moss we nad drfg, ana h4 was' mounted on ah elevation, uttering hfe shrill, city. Mr. Clark possesses a ready sense of the humor- Picketing, hi Which: these Blfzabetbau dramatists first f -"** !** v e r 7 T*?bable that th*, Atheui«a knewthat was mot very near to us, was biddem. from..#**..ua, always at a Safe distance; and when we last sawprmtere of Hart^d, wherenwm at least all that we can afford. Beyond t i epost stands our open stove, in which may be seen thecopper-kettle and the saucepan; bat there is no fire, then starve if we mnbt—and so we double the ration.there, we have fixe only twice a day. Close behind the stove is the solid rock, which forms ths eastern side of our hut. In a recess, in the further corner toEvery cay of this sort of life tells its tale in furrows in our cheeks; the 8'one- moss ras given some of us violent diarrhea and gastritis. We are all frightfullyweak. Godfrey has fainted in trying to raise himself; and fallirg, he would bavo seriously injured himself against the wa'l, had he _not been caught byJoha. Tbe latter *B scarcely able to walk; and besides, he suffers much from hemorrhoids. Whipple is no stream- er. Stephenson lies besido me, gaspng for braatu. Bis heart troubles have come back; and I nover go out without expecting to find him, upon my return, a corpse.We must refer our readers to the volume itself for the thriUiDg details of further plans for reaching tbe destined haibor, atd their ultimate failure, together with the return of the discomfited party to their old comrades in the Advance. Dr. Hayes also tets forth at length the reasons for his confi-Of private griefs he had his share,And eome that were not quite so private.He m^ght conceal the smoldering fire Of mental or domestic trial,Bn* troubles with the wrangling choir Were patent as their own baas-viol.Of course, there was among his charge, One busy, meddling, ancient maiden,Who; like a fire-ship, roamed at large, With furtive stores of scandal laden.She scattered brands of discord free,She slandered and annoyed the parson,Till all screed she ought to he Indicted for constructive arson.On Wednesday nights he always made To us a qu^et pastoral visit;So, when the bell his touch betrayed,My mother never asked, " Who is it V*But wheeling out the easy chair, With its inviting arms of leather,She laid his pipe, wilh thoughtful care, And eteel tobacco box together.Those genial times were mellow ripe, When folks were not inclined to nicker,If ministers enjoyed a pipeAnd sipped a social glass of liquor;So while his cheerful features g)o ved,-And smoke-wreaths circled to the ceiling,His talk in Btreams of wisdom flowed, Like watera from a fount of healing.Welovedtheman,reveredhim,too—* As who did not that ever knew him ?H s piety and kindness drew,With cords of love, all classes to him.His praise by men need not be lipped, ,To make our sorrowing hearts beat faster,For memory holds a secret crypt Wherein IBshrineed our sainted pastor.. —A very interesting work on the French Book results, and the name of the ambitious architect whsTrade has lately beea published by M. Edmond Wer- made it ought to be known and honored by his more det, the publisher, confidential friend, and biographer enlightened and more fortunate successors. We knowlength (for the walls are not quite parallel) is fourteen feet, its breadth is eight feet, and its moan hight is firefeet.I have said that we had fire only twice a day. Tuiafire was not, however, intended for warmth, but mere- ly for the purpose of boiling a pot of coffee, and of cooking whatever food we might have. While we had fat we used the lamp whioh had served us tn the field; but this failing, we burned whatever wood wehappenedtopossess. Ihavealreadymentionedthit we weie m hag the staves of our bread-barrel and of our kegs. These could not, of course, last long; and, at length, there was no resource but our boats. The Hope was, accordingly, broken to pieces. It went to our very hearts to destroy this gallant companion ofreaoh the North Pole. Neither his faith nor his courage is in the slightest degree abated by the ex- perience of suffering, and the sanguine, adventurous' spirit which he evinces, oonnected with evident practical ability of no common order, presents an encouragement, if not a guaranty, for the success of his intended enterprise.THE LIFE OF DANIEL WILSON, D. D., Blibop of Cal- cutta and Metropolitan of India. By JOSIAK HATUMAN, A. M. 8vo* pp. 760. Gould & Lincoln.The name of Daniel Wilson is familiar to the studentof religious parties as a prominent representative ofthe Evangelical or Calvinistic tendencies in the Churchof Engl8id. Receiving hia earliest religious impres-sions under the influence of John Newton, RichardCecil, Rowland Hill, and others of a similar stamp, hecommenced his public career as an earnest advocate ofnames of our American BrunellescVt?, Viscoutis, aad InigoJoneses will be known to C£r descendants; but we know nothing about them Ourselves, except from theirprolong the actual dissolution—tearing aw»y auoh pieces only as did not affect her form; but, finally, the srunwale had to be sacrificed—and then the Hope Uy in the enow a hopeless wreck. We looked upon her now merely as a mass of lumber, and burned her u;> without compunction. The beBt pieces—the thwarts, the keel, and in fact all that were likely to be of any eervjee to the Esquimaux—were saved, and carefullyetowed away in ote corner of the hut as merchandise, so as to be inaccessible to'the thieving follows whose skill and acquisitiveness were now tobeour only de- pendence for the means of life. WttMl^ •BOOKS RECEIVED. Wooing abd Waning in the WilderaeM.Lord Suffolk, Lord Hawkesbury, the Grenvillee, and others are among the most confidential correspondents.—A wholesome example of severity in the cause of literature has just been made at Lupsic. Dr. Lindner, Pioftssor in the University there, has been\ convictedcuracy, and the water is especially good. But the ; painting gives no just idea of Mr. Van Beest's marvel- ous power in depicting the fierce action of the sea, when it is lashed into turbulent motion by a hurricane.and the oars were stowed under them.Trie teiog done, we began to look about na for aflace to baud a but, as we could not live in our tent, t was first suggested that we should construct a honae afteT the manner of the Esquimaux; but it was soon,concluded tbat we could not ta a fortnight collect to- cetber a sufficient quantity of stones for such purpose, if indeed we coold do it at all. Accordingly this pl%n was abandoned as, under the circumstances, quite im- practicable. While we were anxiously considering what we should do, wandering abont withoat discov-ering any feasible mode of overcoming oar difficulty, oto of the party accidentally foand a crevice in the rock, Hot far from the camp—indeed directly oppnarte to the landtag, and about iintj yards from the shore.Has crevice, which ran parallel wtih the coast, Was handful of splintersj and even these were po>r, for remained until the year J824. He thenu became view A Medioo-L«g»l Treatise on Malpraetlc* and Medical Evidence. By John J. ElwelL M. D. 8vo. pp. 588. John S. Voorhles.t»«veraIjpoal8*„but all of them at a distance. One Was the following:igrorant of Ghiberti; the Cockney/who saw the dome • —Mr. Munsell of Albany is indefatigable ia his effort of St Paul's rising like a synnnetrfcsl mount^n afcw% toperjetuatethefragmentarymemorialsofAmerican tbetopeoftheirhouses,maynothaveknownwhoeesufficient for our need. We vote to live better, audIn consequence of this there was so much smoke tbitt & Wells. :rennd; sometimes we were absolutely driven from ceteor, and from that time ti his death in 1858, at thef ciibntr.Fragments from the Study of a Pastor. By Rev. George W .Nicboto, A. Ml 12mo. pp. 252. Henry B. Price.The Religion of Science; or the Art of actualizing LibeHy, and of Perfecting and sufficiently prolonging Happiness. 12mo.pp. 187. Cabin Blanchard.Elementary Anatomy and Pby Biology. By Edward Hitchcock,historical romance^—"The Nevilles of Garretstown"— edited by Mr. Charles Lever.• nildingsin Cincinnati, where he has resided for set-• ral years. It exhibits a very baudaome front, thirtythe hut.W e were indefatigable in our efforts to add somethingto our stock of food; but day after day went by, and stulage of 80, he was devoted to tho arduous and indefati- gable labors for the promotion of Christianity in India,—The translation of " The Odes of Horace" by, ftet wide and five stories high, highly decorated, thiTheodore Martin, who divides with Professor Aytoun string-piece of the third story resing npon the headiit was the same monotonous story—failure. Fox-traps which have made his name conspicuous in thewere built along the shore, to the nbrth aud to the history of missions. Bishop Wi>eon was a manpouth, chiefiy under the superintendence of Petersen. of studious habits* and solid learning, thoughD.D. .^.. a..,, < ..« u w . Jr., M. D. 12mo. the fame of being the original " Bon Gaultier," is meet- LL.D., and EdJUwarUd UHWitchcocks ,Dp. 441. Ivison. Pblnney, &. Co.The Patients' and Physician*' Aid. By E. M. Hunt, M. D.. f three caryatidee, representing sculpture, painting,There we're, I think, fourteen, and they ranged overand science. The gallery will be two hundred feat ican paintings, one for sculpture, aid one for foretgiis the most popular of the classic poets. A distin- works of art. Tbe site is opposite Laura Keene'i guished London publisher lately remarked that not a Theater, and the front is to be of white marble. Tb«nearly ten miles of coast. They were virited daily, lees addict*d to contemplation than to action;when the weather would permit; but, except in a sin-glo instance, none of them were ever found to contain dering on self-will; with little respect for forms oranything but drifted snow, which required them to be ceremories, compared with inward experience; desti- torn down and reconstructed. Several times they had tute of the elegant culture and graceful address ofbet=n entered by animals, which had escaped in conse-quence of eome defect of construction. Heber, one of hia rooBt distinguished prtdescssors, he'rbeee traps were built nearly upon the same princi- was stem of purpose, explicit in specoh, and unpolishedTranslated by Fliza Buckminster Lee. 12mo. pp. 268. James Munroe & Co.^eariaboy'sr*bbit-trapathome.Selectingasmooth, fevel rock, we arranged some flat stones of about six inches thick, so ae te inclose on three sides an arei six inche« by two feet and a half. Over this incloaure were said'other flat stones; and between the two which closed no one of. the ends, was inserted a peg project-inmanner;hieideaswereconfinedtoalimitedrangeof lishedsemeweeksagoin THETRIBUNE,thereis still;;To bow before his calm decision., Though party strife might rage aud irweU, Or chop ic&raise some knotty questions,There came no storm he could not quell, Mo doubt too grave for his digestion.I do remember well the scene, Wheni'all the congregat'on seated,'He closed the book with reverent mien, And twice the pregnant text repeated;Extension ?" Is there any man in the city except thatAnd then, as influenced from above,His heart with holy themes expanding, .,Appealed to Faith and Christian Love, As well as human understanding.His looks, his tones, hia earnest ways, Form one of memory's pleasing pictures,and divines of the Mediaeval church, by the Rev.tboee of the mound builders. W e know that Horace: As he, in strong hut homely phrase, Imparted hope or uttereu strictures.The velvet cap he always wore,Where'er hethumped the pulpit cushion,and now by successive xevisals rendered the most completeextant work in this branch of philosophy, and some other books of minor importance.—A memoir ofThomas Hood, the poet, novelist, and humorist, is preparing by his daughter. It will con- tain much original correspondence, exh"biting a new phase of the character of this delightful writer.grotesque villa, with its " pie-crust battlements," atStrawberry Hill; but what is the name of the ma*who originated the cis-Atlantic style,of Gothic archi-tect re—fcr it was a creation, and not a revival? Thefirst example of this style in America ia the not veryold Church of St. Thomas, on the corner of Hoostemstreet and Broadway. It was a feeVie be-ginning, to be sure, but it has led to greatLoomed like a beacon from the shore, To warn us sinners from perdition.. The best of men a cross must bear"— So Providence or Fate contrive it;_12mi>. pp 288 Derby 4t Jookaon.Life of John H. W . Hawkini. Compiled by bis Soil, ROT. Wil-liam George Hawkins, A. M. Fifch- Tkouaaad. 12mo. pp, 433. John P . Jewett St Co.Apicture of this k^nd which he haa recently fiawhedence. By A. N. Ball, A. M., M. D. 12mo. pp. 318. Bail- books and manuscripts of the Public Library. The Observer" is well known as the able and strenuous liere 4t Brothers.chsmpicn. He commenced hia ministry in 1801 at Southern realth and Northern Profits, M exhibited In Statistical sentence passed is a severe one, but not disproportioued Facta and Official Figures. By Thomas Prentice KettelL to tbe aggravated nature of the crime—six years im-Chobham, an agricultural village in Surrey, as curate 8vo. pp. 178. George W . & John A. Wood.to Mr. Cttil; in 1803 W«B appointed to a tatorshipat Commentaries on the Law of Bills of Exchange. By Joseph prisonment, with hard labor. The state of our publicidea of his talent as a marine painter.—We regret to learn that Mr. Eastman Johnson in-tends going off on an extended tour at the North- W«tOxford, whore he remained Tor about eight years and a half, during which time he was first curate of Wor^larged. Bvo. pp. 6CJ. Little, Brown, ic Co.The Unoonntitutiorauty of Slavery. By*Lys*nd«r Spooner, offense, but we are unable to point out any, such cor-breeds and Indians who live beyond the coo&aM oCIt must not be thought that this insignificant supplyof wood, altogether a©t more tb.au a few ar<n-L>ads, ten, and teen of St. John's Chapel, London, where ihe Influence or Climate. Bj J. Dlaturuell. 4to. DD. 24. Charles rective fo*it as tlio above. *8vo. pp 294. Bela Marab. gave us much fixe. At most, wo could use only a mere Scriboer.civilized life.We cannot but think that he might fUdabout eight feet in width and quite level at the bottom the wood was water-soaked, and a large part of it of Islirjiten, discharging the duties of that office, HowtoLive: SaviDgand Wasting, or Domestic Economy Il- d a'ely'* Tbe first Dramatic novel ever published in —The elevation for the new Dusseldorff Gallery kOn the ea*t side the rock WAS six feet high, smooth, j could not be made to burn without constant blowing. until 1832, when, on the death of Dr. Turner, lustrated. By Solon Robiruon. 12mo. pp.343. Fowler England "—Goethe in Strasbourg—by Mr. H. Noel12mo. pp. 365. C. M. Saxton, Barker, tc Co.of great decision of character, in some cases bor- The Barefooted Maiden: A Tale. By Berthold Auerbach. of the Roman Lyrist, though .not the greatest,poeeeKed an enormous conscientiousness; the object ofprofound reverence, he was not greatly loved by fieview." > The subject evidently interested him earlyberg of the party in turn, watched the open cracks in theice for a ecal or a walrus; while others were scouring voted,the authorhas attempted to steer a middle course will he published in English, in nine vo^nmoH, with 120 ical tract of a novel character. It is entitled " Memoirsthe land in search of bares and foxes. Of the former between the theory which traces all knowledge, judg- maps and illustration's, tho first volume to appear in of a Banking House," and was written by Sir Williamwe discovered not one, although tracks were some-tinea observed, and our search was most diligent.ments, and maxims to observation and experience, and tbat which asserts the'existence of ideas, truths, princi-April r* May next.—The King of Bavaria ofters a prize of $1,000 forForbes, the biographer of Dr. Beattie, and friend of Sir. Walter Scott, to commemorate a commercial careerThe aiimals being purely white, with only a few blackhairs on the tips of their ears, could not be easily de- ples, originating in the native energy of the mind, and the best work on Gorman antiquity up to Charle- of nearly a century, of safe and undeviating, thoughtected. They frequent the rocky places where they seen by its inward light. The conclusion, at which he magne; $5,000 for a manual of German history up to moderate prosperity, as the mother of, other and morefind shelter, and come down to the plain to feed on airivee, is that there are primary perceptions and fun- gra&p, moss, and licbon. which they dig up from be-the nineteenth, or $2,500 up to the fourteenth century;extended establishments. Sir William. Forbes's BankHow came the more difficult operation of roofing. nea' h the snow. Wo hunted around and around the damental laws of belief inherent in the natuHe of the One of the boat's masts served for a ridge-pole; aud rocks at the baee of the cliffs, where it seemed most mind, but they are different from the character often ou this and the walls were laid the oars, for rafters. probable that hares would be found, but to no pur- ascribed to them by philosophical writers, and by noand $1,500 for the best biography of the most eminent deserves notice, the great London firms of Coutta &.German, and the same amount for that of the most dis- Co. and Herries, Farquhar & Co. being originally tinguished Bavarian personage. Candidates for the scions, or established by junior branches, of the Edin-first prize to send their MSS. to Munich before Jan ,1, burgh houee.hand. Itwasdagupwiththeice-chisel,andcarried ofadomesticcat,roundandplump,whitea*thesnow,«on our hacks in our clothes-bags, the contents of which with a long, pointed nose, and along, trailing, bushy are illustrated by familiar examplfls, taken from every-ately by Meesrs. Trubner 6c Co., in London., It willcontain,inaddition,numerouslettersfromdistinguishedsavane, statesmen, dec., addressed to Humboldt—as was a proof copy of the "Mu$6c Francis," before Arago,SirJ.Hemhel,Thiers,SirRobertPeel,Wm. Letters,whiohBoldfor£102. /H. Prescott, Victor Hugo, extracts from Van Fuse's—The Century Club recently gave an exhibition ofVehadpreviouslyemptiedintothetent. ta'),whicheeemedtobehisespecialpride. Itwas daylife,andareskillfullyappliedtoexplainingtheWe made excellent progress with our work; and on quite evident that he was amusing himself; aud he ap-the fifth day, although feeling uncertain as to what peared to be conscious that be was doing it at oar ex- ccnditioiiB of health and physical comfort.Diaries, etc., and will form one volume octavo of pictures by eome of tbe artists belonging to the Club, directed to a new quarter. He has exhamted Tarn ble reflection that, on the next day, we should hive a loose drift, now springing into the air, row bounding " UNDERTOW or A TRADE-WIND SURF" is the about 350 pages. and Venice, and has now found a new subject iu tkOCUse to shelter us, and should thus be protected away, now stopping snort, cocking his head to one side in emulation of the weekly exhibition at the Athe-against some of the terrors of our oositiou. Ou that and elevating one foot, as if listening, seeming all the title of an elegant volume of poems, many of which —The Rev. Alexander Dyce is continuing his ono- naeum. The members of the Atheweum Club, we learn, Holy Family*of Reynolds, iu the National Gallery,<fcay however, jast before nightfall, when we were' time to be showing off his " points" to enemies, for have enjoyed an extensive circulation in the newspa- vclume reprints of tho old dramatists, undertaken are taking steps toward ths establishment of a perman- which he is expending his wealth of explstive*. *fortune awaited us, yet we hadT at least the comforta- pen«e. . He rolled and tossed himself about among thedistant three miles from the camp, the clouds, which whom he cared not the value or the very smallest part pers, and which the author, Mr. GEORGE H. CLAKKhad been gathering since morning, suddenly began to of his very pretty tail; Tired aud exhausted, we gavedischarge their frozen vapor, and the whole heavens up the pursuit and returned home. Ths fox follows* of Connecticut, has here collocted for the first time.originally by Mr. Moxon, and now issued by Messrs. ent gallery of art; but the scheme has not yet been criticism on tbat picture in tho last Corhhill Mag*»uvv*,:Untitled DocumentLITERARY.year passed without his being offered translations ofanother of an earlier date in "Knight's Quarterly Mag- —The new French translation of Shakespeare by M. azine " of June, 1823, which is supposed to have been Francois Victor Hugo has proceeded to a fifth volume.and exercising a generous hospitality, he appears to pendirjgin England. To these we may add still an- Le» Tyrdns, and comprises Macbeth, King John,subjects, while his energy in the di&chargo of duty wasalmost without a parallel; with little imagination, he—We learn that young Mr. Thome, a son of to Sculptor, who reoently went to Paris for the purpos the germ of the more elaborate one in "The Edinburgh If it is any credit to strike out a novelty, in a beaten of study, has become a pupil of Edouard Freie, Siaetrack, M. Hugo has certainly achieved it in hie classi- many; social in hia disposition, fond of conversation, in life, while the contest against Slavery was still fication of the Plays; thus, volume 3 was entitledof the Bmall pictures which he finished before he Uft *New-York evinced a very high order of talent forgedsubjects.—Innets has taken the studio recently occupiedky Coleman, in Montague place, Brooklyn, where hob« a very fair landscape on his easel, representing a twi- light ecene, which has already been purchased by» Brooklyn patron of art. Coleman is onthepoiatof leaving for Europe, intending to remain several yews abroad.—Brooklyn is the metropolis of Long Island, whicha certain English author says should be formed into w walls were fourteen feet apart, four feet high, and imal is canght. Everything now depends upon the wholly devoid of any redeeming charm of composition. passages on classical studies which have never bson the period from 165D to 1G72, aud abounding in original independent State, and it is trying its best to outdo its"stones, while the rest of us brought them together. ing an inch within the inclosure. On this peg was Some wtre carried two hundred yards, and all of them loosely hung, by a loop, a small piece of meat; out-xlv, p. 383), suggested by Major Moody's,Reports, andaiofee. We had nothing with which to till up the front, where it was tied around a thin flat flag of slate from all duplicity and guile, ho was not free from am- discussing the Social and Industrial Capacities of Ne- and The Winter's Tale.began to construct wails; but here another difficultyfrom worldliDees, from every trace of flelf-indulgence,erackr. This ret us again to searching, and at length which moved freely np and down, beicg guided and groes. In this article are eevcral passages which pos- —The authorship ofthe Parliamentary Poem in Black- a bed of eand was discovered near tho beach. Toe held by two largo blocks placed one on either side of bition; but he found.his highest glory in the progressice-chi*el was now called in requisition as a pick; aid the ontronce. The operation of this simple machinery of the faith; and in his zeal, courage, firmness, and sess all the peculiar characteristics of his best writings. wood's Magazine, "St. Stephen's," is at last avo wed load after load of the sand w»» shoveled with one of will be readily understood. The fox enters under the self-devotion, mutt be regarded as a model of the But there is still another article, never published in by Sir E. Bulwer Lytton. It will be published in aour tin dinner plates into a discarded bread-bag, and slide or trap-door, advances to the rear, seizes the bait, missionary bishop. The biography contained in this our country, yet with his indubitable ear-mark, in "The separate form by Meesrs. Blackwood. ,thus carried np to the builders. and attempts to back out; the bait is pulled from the Edinburgh Review " for February, 1826. Its title is During two dajs we thus worked, and had th*n the peg, HDd with it the loop which supports the door. volume is more inatiuctive than interesting. It is awk-—The curious " Diurnal" of Thomas Zuzze, a daily •atisfaction of seeing tho area of the hot inclosed. Tae This support being removed the door falls, and the an- ward and diffuse in style, obsoure in narrative, and "The London University," and it contains several journal of events, by a citizen of London, embracingthree fret thick. We had labored hard and almost con- cracks being tightly cloeed; fcr if the animal can get The salient features of character which evidently be- tinuously dmipg our working-hours, reserving only a his little noee between two stones, he is sure to makesurpassed even by himself in power and eloquence.illustrations of the public and private affairs of that eventful time, is jahortly to be published, under the editorship of Mr. Hopper. It has been only known, hitherto, through the extracts employed by Lord Bray- brooke in his edition of Pepys's Diary, to confirm orrival city on this side of the East River. It u b nilhog* an Academy of Music much larger and niuoh more| elegant, externally at least, than the Academy laJ Irving place. And, on Wednesday night last, therefc was an Aitist's Reception at tbe Brooklyn Dodwortd's,j in Montague place, which far exc3lled any similari entertainment in New-York, ia the way of a crowdedapartment. Tho Brooklynites have a perfect mania for picture^ and they can boast of some very fine collec tions on the "Heights." There were not a great many pictures exhibited on Wednesday Eight, bat tlerew£ro more than could be soen to advantaga. Gignoul:, Inness, Coleman, and Carpenter, were the artists Ao occupied the largest amount of space, anaj attracted mest attention. Huntington and Hubbard,^ who ai£ Brooklyn men, contributed nothing. *i only new artiBt who made a marked debut on tb»; occasion was Mr. J. G. Brown, whose " portrait of a lady," gives promise of great excellercc in his line of ait.short time for oar scanty meals.On the following day we built npon the rock, on thehis way out. It is also important that the space should longed to its subject are not illustrated by happy delin-in that enso, the trap must be very perfect if he does from the ground, and which sloped down on each side not loosen the door and escape. This acoidentwert side, a gable, of which the' apex was six feotimpression by their own intrinsic strength.TBE INTUITIONS OF THE MIND INDUCTIVELY IN- Humboldt's " CoBmos" is to he translated into Hunga- illustrate the details of the latter work^ with which it isto the wall?. Through this western side opened the lateral cleft, which was Bpanned by the gable, whi;h rested at this place on the radderof the Hope; leaving a a orifice three feet high and two feet wide. Next, day Petersen made for this opening a door, which washung at an angle, so as to close by its own weight,' when it had been pushed open from the. outside. Not having a piece of board, wide enough for the purpose, he constructed a frame-work of narro w strips, and covered it witb sanvas. Tae cracks around the door-posts were filled with moss. Above the doorway was left another opening tor a window. Across this was stretched a strip of an old muslin shirt, greased withblubber for the better transmission of light.happened to us several times—no doubt, to the great joy of the fox, but much to our discomfiture.Noi a day passed that we were not out with our gumand rifles. Petersen, accompanied by different mem-.—Barth's " African Travels" have been translated into French; Michelet's VAmour into German;Take, for instance, the comparison between Greek and notbeJarge enough to allow him to turn round; for, eation on the part of the writer, but make a po werful Latin and tho literatures of these two tongues.VESTIGATED. By the Rev. JAMBS M'Cosa, LL. D. 8 vo , pp. £04. Robext Carter 4c Brothers.In discuesing the subject to which this work is de-rian , under "the auspices of the Pesth Aoademy.cotemporary in point of time,—Mr. Robert Chambers has just edited a biograph-—The works of the brothers Sohlagintwoit on Asia1,1861. ', '—Schiller's only surviving daughter, Madame vonGleichen Russwurm, having requested the public to forward to her all the speeches, dec, relating to the recent Schiller Festival, has received not less than 2,000 sets of memorials from 400 different places. \PeterForceofWashington,forthepurposeof justifying the archaiem of the " S'ara and Stripes," whid method of circulation. The idea is BO good, and so bo, Leutze, has introduced into the picture of th*.By Charioa D. Klxk.. 'paign to his capitulation ( October, 1777), withnume- Ghibertis, and the Sir Christophers, who have been ?•;>! - reus historical and biographical notes, and original busy at work, the past twenty yearn iu rebsiM- sketches of British and American officers. These wdl icg and beautifying the metropolis oif; the form the seventh and eighth volumesof the series. One N«m World? It ia certainly a most remarkable cir-—A portion of the library of Mr. Cutlar Ferguson, —A translation of the " Correspondence of Alexander lately sold in London, was one of the most superbsmall collections of books recently seen in the market. to 1858, which is now making so much noise on the Though comprising only 207 lots, the produce of thevon Humboldt" with Varnhagen von Ense from 1827continent of Europe, is announced to appear immedi- sale was nearly $7,000. An incomplete copy of theRoutledgefc Co. The works of George Peek andsufficiently matured to admit of any of the details of is the culmination of his gorgeous styis. ToepfctjflGisLicuT, gasworks, an to be lighted i of the dilkr.the early volumes are quite unprocurable.builders we are! Almost any American gentiem<»awho pretends to he educated, could tell without the Oxford, undertaken by the University press, or the least hesitation who built the new Parliament Bocaeleading architects cf Europe are at the present time. lated from the original Syriac MS. brought from But who knows anything about American architectsT Egypt by the Rev. H. Tattam, a valuable contribu- Can anybody name the architect who farmshed the de-tion to the knowledge of Christian antiquity. The fcigns for that costly national structure, the " Camtel•*;•;,, .t The Ecclesiastical His ory of John of Ephesus, trans-Henry Newland. The new and enlarged edition of Walpole made the first attempt in England to revive aJelfe Greek Grammar, founded on that of Kuhner, taste for Gothic architecture, by the erection of hisper volume to 1 franc, and still lower, is considerei tobe destructive of anything like a return to the classicalstyle of production which distinguished the presses and Academy cf Design. Perhaps in a few centuries the publishing bouses of thirty years Bince. The work in-cludes many tmrions particulars of literary history,with whioX the book trade is closely allied.—Thfelast "find" of valuable historical documents works which- encompass us on every eide.that has occurred is the collection of Mr. Eden, after-ward Lord Auckland, who was celebrated as the ne-TM#9>-/QX of the Commercial treaty with France in 1786,—A small picture gallery has been recently opened by M. Othman in the Parmely Bailding^n the comer of Broadway and Bord street He has a few very fine;arlifile to 1778 to treat with the revolted ColoniesAmericaia picturesofthemodernFrenchandGermanschools,Mi K^ch ma ter a few good paintings by our own artiate. But the finestandaccompaniedtheEarlofCof interest to the historians of our Re\,°ludonary' picture in his collection is a large marine piece by Vaastruggle will unquestionably be found, as, in additioflStory. LL.D. Fourth TCd- Revised, Corrected, and En- libraries will testify geneially to the prevalence of the for the purpose of making skstcbes among the halfbetter subjects for his pencil in the back slums of ths —Messrs. Saunders & Otley will publish imme- Atlantic cities. ming with great praise as the most successful of modernattempts to reproduce in English the fugitive beauties deep, and divided into three apartments, one for Amer-—In accordance with a lute suggestion in a literary periodical, Messrs. Black & Co., of Edinburgh, an-, —We learn that Mr. Leutzo has been consulting ths*notifying the amount of postage on the volume by theBook Post, thus facilitating the use of this most handyeasily practicable, tbat we hope it will soon bo adopted by New-Y ork publishers.Battle of Princeton. We think that the artiav. wit.; hardly succeed in his attempt Lieutenant Schuyl*' Hamilton in his work on the American Flag has hausted the subject, and according to him, and Bancroft is equally decided upon this point, the st and stripes as the flag of the Union was never heard < until six months after the Battle of Princeton vrt fought. As Mr. Leutze committed the same error his " Washington crceeing tho Delaware," he dca' lessimagineshehasgoodauthorityforit. Weh" he will favor tho world with the source of his researo ee,forbeisboundtojustifyhimselfifhecan.—John Ruskin's eloquent enthusiasm has beScotch "Book of Common Prayor," 1637, printed by Robert Young, brought £13. The highest priced lotgenius it was that designed the fabric. They ka»wthat Mr. Upjobn was the architect of Trinity Church,anything about them. Our architects never send any of their designs to the exhibition of the.National•-•-•••. ... . .......... .....••—--•• "-matwww.fultonhistory.com 