 ,veniini time within whichonr wrongs might he• n <this themselves.So much for the law and gospel as expounded by quent and open that the State has no statesmanTrotter, Pinckney,Allen,DeckeriM-i[J i Iilwill have assembled for action.In behalf of tbe people of Georgia, whom w e represent/ thismeeting, composed of members of the General. Assembly, do rr.otf respectfully but earnestly ask .the' people of our sister Strites abovenomed,toappointdelegatestosuchaGeneralCon- vention of Southern States, or of as many as will convene; and thnt Until such General Convention shall assemble and deliberate, no rina) separate State HCtion shall b e taken o n t h e question o fzxurxiyherowhounitedwithit. If separation were financial affairs, is necessary legislation. Itis ourlongercontinuanceasmembersofthepresentconfederacyoftime, Tammany nail (that " sacred edifice," as the ad-za pusillanimous President. A ll these being commonincidents of Democratic orthodoxy must not be evenhinted a t . Had Republicans known the inil meas-thin Union «hould meet at an early day b y their delegates iu con-Ship Christopher Hall (of Dennis). Freeman, Foo-Chow AUR- 6,lplams.sMe.dl Ai.n,;l(.e.r» S«,e.,p.!t.«2><5V,a„n..dJrC-a.peG(1o.o.dJ1HIopeO/-\c-t».A29rt,.teas.«&_c-".. to master. Has had very heavy weather from lat. 25 N.: lost and•%«tempted mem of**ms*tu^prwf^- 25Tfcahfu|;to her obedteace to * • law* and «Furtbinnor*,S3werecommendtoJioI^Oa- -• tin* oiwr own State, the vftme of a law whtch - shall invo compenwitioa in ca«e ©f tho rescue of a •»c a p W ^ W ^ tKecohnty iuwinch such,rescue^We feel it INonly no.-ewury.to«iuJtekkaownourwj«liC8,and tionofMi«siesipRi!tb.«eo£l«5,'tnere;^a;'"— - - "*———*-— '--- 7tHRegimentBandfurnishedtbemusic,andschot- tiscbe, polka, waltz, galop, quadrille, redowa, a n d44tbetransgressionofthelaw. Now,Idenythattotheartitanandmechanic-laborersinthehigherlatitudes,andwhichareso"essentialtoprosperityand thisConstitution,whichshallbevalidtoallintents —-S.• *Towmend—W.InuteamthipBorux*ia,fromSovthetrnpt-on—Vt.L.Cobnand lady, S. Magnus, A. F . Lieuan. C8pt. S. M. Nickels. BL Binning Guiitav,EliceLndersandservant,J.RBeakelandlady,CO. Lundborg, Martin Falk, A . Scbuleuburg, R. R«ymont, E . Rono-. rope, Emma Ronerope, Ed/uujid Bou«rop«, Tho*. RoBoropo,AIbert WwuraRonTopc,John Clark, fauline Clark, andSo- phia Clojk.IntteatnahipQuakerCity,fromHavana—Mr. ChaaR.Wood- worth. Robert Potrick; A . Hallgarten,- Henry Knight, L . Pioot, JoseBretos,MaxMaretzek, B. W. Toilon, E. N. Tailon,jr., JuanB.Daltaand5children,F.Ferrer, T. Colar, H. B.Jack- son, Antonio Ramon Fernandez, Antsine Benot and nurse, F . B . Strous, M . Morales, T . Esc,alante, W . W . Watson, John W .PhilaM•It j# i » ««cii thinfr But still further as adirt- One branch of the Legislature has already re- -eatingcommunity,"thatast<>thequestion'ofthe solvedtodoso.BothbodieswiH-come. Thoughmeats,.,and amalwaysaroundwheneverthere,is•Mrecognitiott ofslaves as property, and as to the*•<!tie«fert oflhe rrgh^ of riave-owners in tje Tftr- 4' These heresies were jweeeded by Mayor Benry^s would answer all the purposes of a completewspeech-, «*» ****& nitted S? the dirt, declaring that•«themisplacedteachingsof tlie'pnlpit, theunWise " rhapsodies of the lecture-room, the exciting ap- 44 peak of the press on the subject-of Slavery, must **be frowned down by a just and Jaw-abiding •••people." Andhecarried outfhetruckling cow-ardice of this shamelofw. avowal by that very day so imaginary ghost. > '• ' intimidating the owners of t h e hall in which M r .weight will the movement baye. d''f ho.xtc m one •< a:. <m StatctovrovG'in advance ofiha atkkrs (tbongh not HOThe Assembly tates arecese until the 7th of Jauu-Tb'e Commiseioners from Alabama/and Mississippiwerepubliclyreceivedto-day. Tbesentimentheroia* • » .The following is tbe specie list of the Persia;« rWries of *bc UnitodStates, the people of Fhila-- dvlphia «abo»i^themselveaiObcdieiiUy, and eheer- face of the small-pox! 1 suggest that Fort Moul- *• fu% to the decisious of the Supreaie Court of the trie be supplied with half a do»aai cases of the - United Sfatojs whether now made or hereafter to •complaints; let the fact become known, and it -' bemade." ' • • ' • '•Gcntl,menvf'tke Senate bwsSHow* ofRetorvienUitu'Cs:^ - intended),willhaworIkt'onstmedintoan appearance Xouliavo-called me to premie as Chief Magistrate o£ pi''a disrefrard to the will and action of otheris. A nd South Csretina at a critical juncture in our public •wbjle I am free to admit that each State must act for n-Iuiim I -deeply feel the responsibilities oi the position herself and resume, by her own independent will,herlaniabouttoassume;11Forgcventy^hreeyearsthw delegatedauthority,yetIconceivethatitispossible State has been conirecteu* by^a Federal compact witn and highly dc.siraMc that-all of them should assign •co-States, under a bond-cf mvion, -forffr-eat,ttfltoottal gome c&iwmoii-day tor such resumption. In the mean- objects •ooranion to all. Ira recent years-there has been while proper steps might b e taken n o t only to secure a powerful tarty organized upon principles ot ara- hawnonions action, but to provide for a futnu-e Confed-J.H. FmichstCo..£2,(X)0 Walsh,Carver4rClta-ve..£/,00O .. %:m »V..H>Y. Mali & Co..... J..00O Ceo. S. Stevenson & Co. 6TOThe Revolutionists .are getting their "eyes opea *4JN>Ucyt»fItonesty,^bythreatening^iofamob, totheexposedconditionwhicht5*eseaboardof•Indeed, the lamentation theSupremeCourtofPennsylvaniabeneaththe toguidehermthecrisis. Assheflounderson,,shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to NAYS—JVleBem. Kane, Lent, success of manufacturing capital in tbe North and in and purposes as part of this Constitution, when ratified Republicans in Italia.*•anysuchlawhaseverbeenrevealed."counting-rooms, a n d elaborate i t s contents a t o u r fireside**' educating families, and kindred by itstution, and that it may have been particularly.'but it must be after we have asserted and resumed our original and inalienable rights, powers of sovereignty and independence. . W e can then form a Government with them, having a common interest with people of homogeneous feelings, united together by all the ties that can bind States in one common destiny. From the petition,we mayoccupy toward the Northern States, aswellasfromourowninternalstructure of society,constitutional a n d effectual ultimatum, means some- thing, can be tested, can b e tested a t once. This will be putting planks wherethey are' good for something, if they a i e t h e right kind of planks; but putting planks in your Georgia Platform is putting them where our experience teaches us/they are powerless for good, and only subjects us Jto the'gibes and jeers of our ene- mies; acart-loadofnewplanks in the GeorgiaPlat- form will not redress one wrong nor protect one right of the people of Georgia. Demand additional con-Stcamxbips—Boston, Crocker. Philadelphia. F. Perkbw; Mont- gomery, Berry, Oharleflton, H . Ii. Cromwell k Co.Ships—Charles k Jane, Haskell. Glasgow, Bla»h£ord Moulton; E. Hamilton. Harding, Antwerp, W . F . Schmidt.Baik»—C. Wright. Klummer, Gibralter. Ciro k Francia; Kana- wha, L ynch, New-Orleane, IN. H . Brigham.Brigu—S. Darling, Lee, Nassau, Jas. Eneas k Co.; A.C.teachings. We have no such organ here, and hence convenient for the young gentlemen to find a it isan institutionwith us. Now this great Union hiding-place in the ranks of the Revolutionists.meeting was a deliberate imposition on the com- munity, and meant to be as great an imposition on the South. Republicans were assured that itThe news by telegraph that Gen. Scott .8. the Government may from necessity become stronglyCommittee lately appointed to consider the state of the" James, Perry, Glasgow, Thos. James; S. C. Adams, Pawer.Union. They reported an address, which glorifies the Havana, Brett. Sen AtCo.Revolution easy.NotaRepublicanspeechwasheard,notaRe- 44piesaneutralground;"that"theFortsunder publican sentiment uttered, unless coupled withLond<-u:»Arb !**we have fought for, and now forthe first time have reasons we have hinted at," says that paper,conquered. Not a word was uttered against South- " w e believe thisHowell Cobb is announced to speak at Macon on tbe 20th. \' ...'resolutions that would have effectually upset thecalculations ofthe Union-saving engineers. But as it is the first successful trick upon them, so as- suredly i t will b e the last in Philadelphia.to work now, to plan the attack on Fort Moul-trie, prepare t h e necessary bridges, plant bat-other, questions on our Federal relation*. In deference to that recommendation, the General Aw<euibly, as such, has taken no further netion. „ •nificent future, and the usual compliments of the sea- vising the banks of Alabama to suspend; and they son. Its assertions concerning the policy of the Re-The Legislature has before it a bill to stay the cojjeetlon of debts and exempting property from !The sentiment was responded to elsewhere, finding exeeution. This, under the present state ofThe election returns lor the city of Natchez show theunanimous in a determination to secede, it should . be permitted to go in peace and set up for itself.* rea/ty to come, we agreed with you that it shouldbe p-WM*«able. B u t since all that, the President h : spot forth his damning Message, followed up by eon- everything like repudiation of Northern debts isStates.LOUISIANA.NEW-ORLEANS, Wednesday, Dec. 19,1860.Meetings a r e being held to-night. Several repre-sentative districts have nominated secession candidatesSchr. Sea Breeze (Br.), Wilson, St. Johus,N.B.,15days. building stone t e P . I. Nevius &. SonsSchr. Lizzie'W. Dyer, Cottrell from EUzabethport, for Port- land, coal.Sloop Pointer, Fowler', Providence. >Steamer Pengniii, William-, Providence, mdse. and pwt. toi v.^mmu^».umH'-on>* "-f"""'"" ""'•>' - ' 'FROM SOUTH CAROLINA. *From Onr Own Correfiiwmdwnt. .Is • 7 . n v A \ &i i - "'•I- •"—,•••-•••;m' V - • " v -lCHARLESTON, S.C, Dec. T7, 1860/ This w a historic •day for South Carolina, The secession Convention moots.. There is everyother pedal gymnastics light.. l ,:,' Ia n dgyxations/ -.«!•ra]'-A till day-garrison.ton. I tIfytwem«sthe allowedtohan'eourquietfun10,000 V/m. Deepen vm Geo. McAllister....,..,. 2,5fK» 5,000 "William• it Simon....... 10,000Well, well- 3et them come to Charles- will save u s from .going t o Colambia.THE JAPANESE BILL ADOPTED.The Board met: yesterday, MORGAN .JONES, Presi-dent,inthe chain,The Committee on Finance presented a report infavor of appropriating $4,403 for expenses incurred in tbe late reception to the Prince of Wales, which was laidover.D. & L . Kingsland, aud Sutton&Co3,600 Rondee. Jonesk.Rudge.J,200 50V 481 60O 2.000m 3CNETW-yORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, | f | 'I1(.V "**',''->W-v*»»*vAf «*-- .;"~,-•— ',' - , - ' >.. ki*M(MmrfMflM^M^"tiwEfcyammwiim Ufljl x w.,*cnedat;tbesmall-poxif lh.ey •should n o t r u n , then i n Columbia. ; F o r the additional " instniction""ofT8Uch as take an intercRtr'm my welfare, i ^ ^ : 4 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^*'i'vvU -1'*''. SECESSION POSTPONED IN GEORGIA. From Th" Savannah RepubTuan, Dee.17.Ip a letter to T1icJ<,cd<:ralUnurii,m* T . R. R. CobbcheeringandIhissing. Withtbfeex( ITandy received'^ rest)»eetfal hearing.probability of an early adjournment to this city. I v^car -a dashing cockade, eat fire like sweet-Rays:- • ' #•««•••.-• A-nx .**.Them-eaterthenumberofStateswhichThe bill to arm tbe State passed it« second reading retire,to-intheBouseyesterday. Anefforttotakeitupto-dayA lecture on Northern Africa will be delivered by*Mrs.McCauley,attheCooperInstitute, OnSaturdayevening. • i 1in 0these men are going to take South Carolina bymain strength out of the Union, fcbey flee in theSocially, they aje everything that is geniaJ.and ami- in the face. The nervous earnestness of most of '• coixatioii'mterests and destinies of all tlie States alike, ?eople to -determine the mode and measure of redress.abb-; jbut in this connection they a r e a me*re politi- but cpon issues of malignant hostility and uncompro-'hi« is plain language—it ie eatily understood. It proposestoresistwrongsatthe,timeandintheman- ingthemtogetherlikeswine. '•As Or.» OrFESOKB.'—Detective Slowey last nighfc a'vented on old ofl'ender named WOT.Nclcon, in the Bowery, and: foundinbinpor.ccurdonaquantityofburgburatool«. The^llow w«« t-ndeavoringtodispone of a revolver, which in«»p>o«edtorMovementsofOceanSteamer*. TO DEPART.cal stench. Next came Charles E: Lex, a lawysr, the gentlemen who spoke to the question evinced mising war to be waged upon the rights, the, iuteresLa,whose joittt inheritance of wealth and indolencemuHtkeephim-wherebeis,inpossession0fan The proposition wastoappropriate$100,000 unconquerable social mediocrity. Though just for the purposes of a Coast Police, of which it electedCitySolicitorbythePeople'sparty,lieisno has been elsewhere proposed to makeCom- distinctive^Kepublican: lift h a s n o dorstU .stamina.He had,the face to say that in the late Presidential Shubriclt head Constable. M r. Cunningham election the Xariff was the uuun issue; called loudly took a practical view of the eubject, as follows: forenforcingtheFugitiveSlavelaw, whiletimidly "Jfwe^ooatoftheUauoii,il'iaJasj?ortant,a«wetaronointimating that " we might, perhaps, desire to have na\y, aiulac onr whole const is miprolccted, tLat.(here a t lea&t **a fewofitsprovisions modified," yetifthat slight bo ncijjc provision against ^oprcdators and rnar'awdors. The mattercannotbesceomplislMid,thendriveitthrough fanatical spiritwhichmadothbAbolitionistsgetnpaJohn anyhow. Mr. hex is taken in and done for. Blown raid in Virginia, and get i»p a fo:ay along tho line ofBut Justice "Woodward of theSupreme Court Texas,williudncethem,notonlybecauseoftt»atspirit,batfro;xi n feeling of petty revanje to Soaib. Carolina, to get up Biieakingpiled indignity njpon outrage. H e begun with those invaxions along our coaKt for the purpose of getting poRxcaaiohner best; calculated to obtain IIKDKKSS. The Legisla-Mr. LENT madean effective speech in support of thechronic misrepresentations of JKepubliean aims,which*, repeated so faithfully at the South, are likely force, whatever, to protect it. Tlie> object o[ thin i)iil i* to pio-Jura......FultonKangaroo../.......... .Liverpoolt o preeipiiate a servile insurrection. H e f* The conflict boasts that it.is irrepressible.said:of our slavcf, and to annoy our inhabitants. W e have n o naval yide for that contingency." •••xder^thegeneralcompactofunion;butwecouldob- tbe4thofMarchnext,.othersagainsupposingtain no fair hearing from the North, nor could we see that too short a tinie for the convenient action Mr. PINCKNEY called for the items.of the Abolition States would extend it only to what might be fairly deemed a reasonahlc and con-Liverpool..Ital- liesitselfwitheqnalreadinesstoreligionandin-any concerted plan, proposed.by any of our co-States of the South, calculated to make us. feel safe and se- cure. Underallthesecircumstances,wenowhavenopitulate them, inasmuch as he must have read them already in T H E TRIBUNE1. .New-York..the-degreeofanxietyactuallyfelton.thosubject. andthepeaceofhalftheStatesofthisUnion.? ^ t * gainst the urpjnt refloat of' thow who bog that oomulta' again. When JndQerMefO^r W^^^^S^^^^^' •*•*-'. Chariostpn, should that body become sofrlglitir^ tloni and who arc iWw moving t o accur4.it.. 1 U •'-• . . ^ -, v :5 ,."500 invitaiions'rwesre issued, and th^gathenng wasm,! / , f f1 r lceordance with the elegance of the preparations. T h e•anythinggoingon..*:gatherfromtbeUnion,tbemoredignityandmoral failed. . „,w, n '.1G O V . n O K E N S ^ INft-U(S*JItM. A WOR'RSS., bition -find fanaticism, whose-mimsamsoa purpose is to I divert.the Federal Government from external and turn i its -power .upon the 'Internal interests and domesticeracy." , Senator Tombs, in his letter to the Danburg Commit- tcoj•just publipbcd, takes similar ground, and goes evenFred. Spring.....;..Cashier Bank of America 5,000 R. W . Bnrlageat the sigikt of these brave CaroBaians in a stam-pede, frightened like eohoolboys running from an : a party exclusively in tbe Northern States, whose1,500 PImchardt&Oebbard.... • 650. Waldron it. Booth.......the Mayor relative to giving the Third Avenue Rail- Cone, Pratt &Co.. 3!W Yancy Schnlfz..... 60O road Company permission to bayadditional.tracksin Cra.sin K Co -.2,000 Caesar k Pauli 1,000) Gne-hundred-and-twelfthstreet,wastakenfromthe BrownBro«.*«.Co.......j13,800}l^Tmann Koop, »•»••••1.200JinsfWions of these States. They have thus combiacdT. T.DoTahr.., Henry A . Richard Brisrbam&ParsonxJ,00© 6,00*.avowed objects not only'endanger the peace, but the very-existence, of near one-half the States of this Ooa-further.indications that it can be had honorably, to wail, a rea- sonable time for the North to grant us the terms requi-OnmotionofMr.VANTINE,thevetoofhisHonor V.SpeyerSt.Co..'Oelpeese, H^utzcn U.Co. 5,000 Lawyer Wallace &Co... 3,0CK»^^^$o^^om^^ar^\^'bvonrbrethrentWywillberocpectcd.•f**£*•Curtis-was that evenwg to deliver his lectuve on thethattheyrefusedtolethimspeak. TrottledbyatheStatewillboinwiienshetakesherself.outpresidentofthese"States,theyhavecarriedtheelec-itselfarepudiationoftheImmediateSecessionists,buttable,andhemovedthattheBoardadheretoitsformerMaltland,PhelpstiCo...13,000Amy&Hoye... 3.400)Mayor of Philadelphia, whose backbone gave way iTo him sneceeded two fossils, with the smell exud-ing from their garments of the dirt from which theyhad just been dag up-^oseph It. In^ersoil and Isaac ject of Coast. Police (another naone for Navy), Jtia-/r.lhur>it. A * exponents of Philadiiplua seuti-tion upon principles that make it no longer safe io.r us is willing to "yield that point" for the sake of har- action notwithstanding tbe objections of the Mayor!. August Belmont LCo.. .165,000 American Exchange B k .to rely upon the powers-of -the Federal Government or Mr. LENT supported the Mayor's veto, claiming that Merchants' Bank 50,000 Hnow &Berger«......'.•.50O 1,000> 1,100 23,100came up for action..on Saturday. The extrane n:*-i.t these gentlemen are impudent pretenders. danger from Jolm Brown expeditious, and. insur-Mr. SHAW amned that the objections of tho Mayor H. R. Anderson. 5.000 Total SMI ,40DI S'TEKI.l A PRAClTO LAI. !<.D>Lt- 1' >n*i Probab:-ao-calied "procuf!« -. KI." At a in^re»t.:"Jtfinsi reach tLe.f«rt STRUG' sormiHj Li.uituu.oi o- the ' Qt.' liiuo. *KOR&.'.K Six Caliton. tinted pa )>-r,NLSE'1\ ' Tra\e.1ar-it E. HALK. «<s>d *' renextlot ltti.o. lti:;»i" 'i be u.oi benBnt.-n ble pre«eDt 'JiianscxipvTJ\These Uttfo low prtc^vtf cheapJuv.-jitfrA^^LK WE>T,TO toiotchS*\>»• U n thour. ICCO. *1£&,hlSTORKMifC«UaU>-'1yiir*. C; lcUiO. THYMN? «LLJ edited I atd •..••iry ::i eude.icatey. psge .arid Ul Jtquaie l^L.CAn Improi OLOG\. &<JMTLi-t Books cun.p: ditions art- .'v be»er.tgT..i» price.•They represent no party whatever, and, like theMajor himself, walked blindly into t h e Cuyler trap rections generally, w a s fsceely discnesed. I willfor elovatingCuyler to the JUemocratic Mayoralty. gh-e them the -'credit of looking the subject squarewere untenable^tnd that the proposed track would M. Morgan k Sonsv.'a Halifax, arrived to-dty.*of the Union. The report of the Committee to theLowerHouseofthoLegislatosroonthe.sub-the;guarantiesoftheFederalcompact.- Ihjsistlio mony,andgoforadayfurtheroff,shouldtherebea the;CommonCouncilbadnorighttopermitanyrail- H.A.JohnsoniiCo..... 2.200CliarlexLuling...fedecacv. ' — ^C^'i * -«T-And"inthelucentelectionforPresident.andVice- siteforpeace.Henamesthe4thofMarch,whichisofo-reat overt act of the peojde of the NortheiTi States a t thc?ballot-box, in the exerdee of their sovereign power at tl>e polls, fix»m which there is no higber appeal reer o"»iaed under .our. system of government an its ordi- nary and habitual operation*. Tbeythvia propose toreasonable indication of the South'B obUdning her rights " in the Union."W-e copy below two extracts, in which the views of Mr. Toombs are fully'set forth: ;.road company to lay additional tracks. W. A . Sale & C o Cammed k CoSCO "Order" 1,500oy onr umnr.- J j ^ ^ ^ ^ a j j j ^ ^H e is willing for a reconciliation, and'-upon2/VO A.Neiin &Co 15,000R.C.Fergusonk. Gr*ln.50,000.Mr. PINCKNEY.trusted that they would not. override HAVKK MAHKKT (for the week ending Dec. 6).—COTTOS": Sale* the veto of tbe Mayor, and in the course of his remarks of the week, 6,000 bHlea. Stock, 114,000 bale*. New-OrteanK awqnayyj w^h. vast powei«, not to preside over the clared that, the present crisis demands resistance, and he i expressed the hope that soon a Common Council tre* ordinaire, 98f.; do. has, 91f. T h e market dosed 'prict butinapgursue a Chief Magistrate a t the lvead of the army" The Legislature of Georgia have unanimously de-havo unanimously voted to call a Convention of thecady..would be found that would compel all railroad compa- nies to provide a sufficient number of cars night and morning to accommodate the public, instead of crowd-In the Southern States there are two entirely distinctandseparateraces,andonehasbeenheldinsubjuga- ture,also,unanimouslyvotedamillionofdollarsto Mayor'sveto^affirmingthattheCommonCouncilbad havebeenutolen.tion to the other, by peaceful inheritance from worthy arm tbe people of Georgia, in order -that they may given the Third Avenue Railroad too many privileges. andpatrioticancestors.;andallwhoknowtheraces repelbyforcewhateverforcemaybebroughttoresist Tbevetowasoverriddenbyavoteof16to8.well, know that it is the only form of government thatcan preserve both', and administer the blessings of civ-ilization with order and in harmony. Anything tend-ing to change or weaken this government;, and theBubordinauon between the master and slave, not only'endangers the peace, but the very existence of our so-cietyitself:WehaveforyearswarnedtheNorthernpeo-ple of tbe dangers they were producing their by. wantonthe measure of redress the people may adopt. Then,upon the ciuestiohB that we have wrongs, and that weintend to redress them by and through the sovereignty. A resolution was papfed directing the Controller to draw his warrant in favor of the, Broadway Street-Steam »Mp*.New-York.. Nova SectionLeate. For."••;•;; ''.'•;**bad.1 Itwakesnocommoncausewiththecham- totbeLegislatureandsay,yoursecession.hasinauguratedanew asanindependentState,toprotecttherightsandan- vic-'Othattherebenodioisi >namong those who liold hirebill. Themotionforstrikingout$90,000,was Pal««tin«M r . Pope-spoke thus:'*fidelity.,Itenlistsnilourpassions,goodor "Ifthecilizenaoccupyingthatpurtictilarpointweretocomealtonativeleftbut'tointerposeoursovereijmpower•redressedbythewrong-doers.. . . . D e c I5> New-York.......Dec19 .New-York.. Dec22N«W-YorV.......Dec2*» New-York......Dec2$4444pions of lietdom the world over, but with'the **prwnok-rs <of insurrection, discord, and riot at •"home."Then,"Theribaldjestsofseditious **editors,like'GreeleyandBeeeher,canswayLeg- •"iKintnresandpopularvotesagainstthehandiwork44 of Washini'ton and Madison, vffien the scurlious•*libels of such a book as.Helper's become, a favor-44 campaign document, a n d a r e accepted b y thou-44 sands a s law and gospel both, when Jealousy a n d44 bate have killed off all o u r fraternal ieeliugs for*'ihoue.whowerebornourbrethren,andwhohave andpoundfoolish. Inwit^holdicgtheircoasonttotlii*bill,you FederalGovernment. Onquestionsviral,andinvolv- timeweshouldtakecarethatthedelaygives'noadvan- wasaswestated.—Ed.Trib.\ Theasrgregateofthe hidy.Mr.DavidDuncanandlady,Dr.Ronewan,Mr.Bierworth,willbeactingexactlyinthatline." ; )..:This wasthetenor ofthedebate, which lastedtill a late hour, when the bill w as passed by aAithebeginning,andsavedusfromexternalfoes, largevote. Itistheonlypracticalactionyet*4hasw>orderedoarinternalrelationsastomake- takenbytheRevolutionists'lookingtotheirfuturetagetotheadversaryandtakesnoneIromonrseves.•*•' Messrs.Leland'sbillwas$69,06405..-'•-'-- • Mr.W.Ramsay, Mr.F.Simond*.Mr.Ram«ay, Mr.'W.H_ Beard,Mr.J.Mintuiu,Mr.T.Rideout,Mr.Atkins,Mr.R-"Howisitpossibletoremedytheseenormousevilsin AssoonasMr.'Shaw finished readingthebills,he Hamilton,Mr.AlexanderDuncan.Mr.C CameronjMr.F.Hen- theUnion.1 Thereisbutonemode,oneonly;alloth- movedtheadoptionoftheappropriationof$#2,82272; riou<-8,Mr.~Wm.Hodget.Mr.W.C.Dnnn,Mr.D.Duncan,*'doneusnobona."ingthepeaceandsafetyofthepartiestothecom- pact,fromtbeverynatureoftheinstrumenteachState must judge of the mode and measure of -protection nc-ers are delusions and snares, intended to lull'the people and Upon that motion the previous question was called anddomesticinstitutions.SouthCarolinawill,there- intofakesecurity,to.stealawaytheirrights,anawith for. .- '',,.-,;-.-. -.-., Afterthishownaturalthat"theprovidenceof 4child, and 2 .servaiit, Mr. C. Randall and lady, Mr. Purven, Mr- Strutherf, Capt. Dearborn andhidy. Mr. R. B . Smith, Mr. Stagg, Mr.JamesGraydbn.Mr.Jame*Barnaden,Mr.C.Feldmann. Mr. Peternon,Mr.C.Suttberger,MrS.H.Ellon,Mr.Israel•* that good Being who ha-j watched over us from.ccseary for her peace and tbe preservation of her local4444thepeopleofGreatBritain. Hoyounotseeand*'.feeltowgooditwasforustohandoverour44slavestoourfriendsoftheSouth—howgoodit44wasfofasthattheyhaveemployedtheminmis-sing a staple for our manufactures?" As to Aboli-tionism,heconfessed that."it isastonishinghow44extensively the religious mind of the North has ad- **nuttedintoitselfthatsuspicion,not7 to-saycon- '••viction,thatslaveholdingisasin. Ifasin, thenfore,decideforherpelf,andwill,asshehasalight themthepowerofredress. Thismodeisbyamend- Mr.LENTmaintainedthathehadtherighttospeakto do, resume her original powers of government asan ments to the Constitution Ofthe United States. Inlthe before tbe question was put by the President. It-was 'Morris, Mr. Tbeo. Morrin, Mr. Fred. Morria, Mr. Wm. Penrice,negroSlaveryaniualculableblessingtousandtocondition. Butwhatwill$100,000,expendedin boats,dotowardprotectingCarolinaseeboardUniontheStatescannot.makecontractswitheach, hisintentiontovoteforsomeofthebills,buthewould Mr.M.F.Hedges,Mr.T.'H.Jonea,Mr.C.Congreve.Mr.R.B... independentState;and,assucli,-will negotiate,with Low, Countd<»Peireesandbrother, Mr.J. Gillian, Mr. Thor-otherpowerssuchtreaties,leagues,orcovenantsas other;alldepartmentsoftheGovernmentwouldbe notunderanyconsiderationvoteforsomeoftheitems. bura,Mr.J.Rogerwon,Mr.L.Frooat,Mr.J.B.Ralston,Mr.B ibePubiianarrang^.-'.'i* everySA'It:J Dolt of liia S.V Lip'. Xhi »«Mid publi-'.»-< Laily, Seu.i-^ particular tandDi.u.^Ipt<.pilctcr- 1e^tpsjer,".al the c<>ui.ti.,. The He--:.!Week, wi'.ii events,b>on«^ country la *u< add. Rn-illj t<<We V.U1tuiI airy. SLaiiy. • , Stn-i-WV. ei <1> - Acd t :.e"Cashuiv- .\yFor salebyWhole ,aij•WlLLI.y.V.a'of Georgia, the State is unanimous. What, then, is Cleaning Aseoeiation for the sum of $7,720...D«o.2T ..Dec 22 .New-York....... Liverpool.... ...Dec2S>and lawless course. W e have often appealed to our sisterStatesoftheSouthtoactwithusinconcert,Uponsome betweenus; iceought nottodivide upon this pjyiut. Mr.SHAW then called upthe celebrated Japanese America...........Boston •New-York .Boston.TO ARRIVE.Liverpool.......Jan. 9> Liverpool.. ...Jan. 1*Many persons think the remedy ought to be applied question, by moving that the item of $90,000, appro- immediately, others at a day not to extend beyond priated for entertaining the Japanese Embassy, beCanada. United State*. EdinburghMr.PINCKNEYcalledfortheitemsofthecarriage-AuHtralanion cient privileges of the people of South Carolina. ThiB position of those who are. opposed to delaying longer Mr. DECKER moved to insert $75,000, which was America.firm and moderate system, by which we might be ableto save the Federal Constitution, and yet feel safe un-.4. New-York.. .....jL^ec lrrNew-York..<....DOCI*'New-York.. Dec 12 Portland.... .....Doc. 1 * •. .Liverpool.........Boston..... ....Dec ISGlasgow Liverpool..Liverpool i..Liverpool..,Iwouldstronglyad-o.uerofthhijn;wcnovtr^renotunder^iexgUoftheFederal > eitherofthoseopinions. WhileIpersonallyfavorthe putandcarried..-.. BremenSouthamptonLiverpoolSouthampton.....New-York.. ...Jan. LConstitution, and that a*-uiuing yonT sovereignty, 70:1 have tiled State was one of the original parties to the FederalTcutonia-Boston ....Dec 2ft JPumticngcnt Arrivedas»tuii:edtheobligationofprotectingUB,Iaskifasingle.member ofthisllorxc wouldraiiehisvoiceinopposition?Mr. Farrow expressed himself as follow.^:: compactofUnion..WeagreedtoitasaState,under thanthe4thofMarchnext,/certainlywouldyield,that lest...-' '.,•.-.;,,,.;/;/•,-,,/;-.--,l>;.peculiarcircumstances,whenweweresurroundedwith point to.correct and honest men whowere with me in Mr.SHAWthenproceededtoreadtheitemsofthe"Tbewkesteconomyprovide*ailthereasonablesafe^e.arus fort)>epublicprotectionaudpublicpcnce,'a;idanyonewhowiji fareofalltheStatesequallyandlike.greatexternalpressure,forpurposes ofnationalpro- principle, butwhoaremore hopeful of redress from respectivebillsseriatim. Allthese billshavealready .tection,andtoadvancetheinterestsandgeneralwel-tbeaggressorsthanIam,especiallyifanysuchactivobeenpublished.Inthecourseofhisremarksfant,3childreri/ond2msida,Mr.Hasborn,Mr.andMr*.Mill-,ised,"togiveusredressintheUnion. Buttogobeyond thattheaveragerateofchargeperdiemfortheboard C^loolatetrieterrorwh'.chmaybecrcatcd'throngho.>t thewhole petualUnion. Itwouldbeanabsurdityto supposeit the4thofMarch,weshouldrequire such preliminary oftheNaval Commiseioners was$54,while thefactW. Bramhall,Mr.shemaydeemproper. Ithinkfamnotassumingtoo comjelledto.disregardthem. Torepeallaws,hitherto Mr.PINCKNEYcriticisedthebills,"maintainingthat Watt,Mr.A.tfennrwin,Mr.Wm.Gihon,Mr.J.Lowny,Mr. fromthe"fanatics"somuchdreaded?.Tbe much,whenIraythatourinterests'willleadherto pastedbytheAbolitionStateswouldnotberedress, tbe'ehargesmadebytheproprietorsoftheMetropoli- Jas.Jones.Mr.Wm.H.Prolean,Mr.R.A.McAndrew,Mr.J.truthi$«,thereispositive lackofability in.the management of the details of the secession busi-openberportsfreetothetannageandtradeofallna- theywouldreenact.themnextyear. Theamendments tanwereexorbitant—especiallythechargesforthe Graham,Mr.J.Carolina,Mr.Wm.nutherford.Mr.W.ELTay- lor. Mr. Floyd, Mr. Cunning, Mr. Jay, Mr. T. C. Paton, Mr.against those,who may be our.public enemies. ness. Theories and abstract propositions there Sfce has line harbors, accessible to foreign commerce,areinplenty,butalackofcapacitytograspde- andsheisintbecenterofthoseextensiveagri- cultural, productions that enter so largely into tbeists—nooathscanbindthem.TheConstitutionpro- Theordinancewai-thenadoptedbyavote;of18to E.Belli-on,MinnKubl,Mr.andMXH.Brebner,Mr.Wm.John-vides two modes for its own amendments. Article 6th 6. The following is the vote: fon, Mr. W . H . Hughes, Mr. W m . Mitchell. Miss E . Mitchen,isasfollows,onthepointbeforeus: YEAS—Messrs. liogert, Jone«, Shannon, Burns, Hogan, Mrs. ThornbilJ,Mr.Jos.Whitehead, Mrs.H.Bickerly, Mr.R- Bnulrh, Van Tine, Rollwagen. Co«tello, McConnell. Hall, Perley, D. Dah, and Mr. H . Mottram.—Total. 125.tails and strike at results. This ,is peculiarly foreigntradeandcommerceoftheworld,andformtho •4 it is a violation of some JDivine law, for sin is tlu> South Carolinian. I fancy that they begin to feel basis of tbo^e comforts in food and clothing, HOessential•''TheCongrets,whenevertwo-thirdsofbothHousesMuBHon,VonWart,Shaw,Campbell,McCarty,shouldcers will have opportunity, by topographical ex- vention, und confer together.b eaminations and reconnoisanccs, reflection and s^udy, to meet the military exigences which maycorpsnet, an absconding Treasurer, a bankrupt Treasury, commissioned now," so that the "engineer offi- meetinffR, have frequently requested that the Southern Stateu of elector, died at Columbus this morning.ern treason. Not a word against a traitorous Cabi-organizedThe people of Georgia, in many very large piimaryB. Y. Martin, a prominent lawyer, and a Douglasure of the intended fraud but twenty-four hoarssooner, they would have rallied with speakers and arise." In other words, men are wanted to go men were understood to have recommended the reference of allThe- Governor of Alabama, in consequence of the present crisis, has assumed the responsibility of ad-Yo.kBark E . Foster (of Milleridge), Bacon. Malaga Oct. 28, passedGibraltar-Oct. 29, 'fruit to Grund ii Westervelt. Experienced very heavy weather; loct main-topsail yard, sprunp foremast, kc- 18th inst., lat. 27 25, Ion. 220«J, spoke brig Josephine (llol.) 25 days from Trinidad, for New-York.Bark Kate Stamler. Manwaring, Brovidence 2 days, in ballast to J. H. Biower & Co.Brig Amazon (Br.), Brookman, Chailottetown,P. E . L, 8 days, oatstoC.H.TrumbulL ExperiencedheavyN.W.galeadurW the passage.Scltr. William Sullivnn, Bath 10 davs, lumber to master.Schr. Chief, Pressy, Elizabethport.'for Norwich.Schr. Ellen Barnes, Brightman, Klitabethport, for Taunton. ' Schr.TomSayf^rs(Br.),Davison, Amherat,N.S.,20days,po-tatoes to W m . A . Walker. H a t had heavy westerly %v'et4h«i most of the passage.Scbr. Sarah Perry, Philadelphia, for New-Bedford.We have but one interest; w e are separate independent duct izrt relation to protecting the forts at Cluirleston dividual people. ,Wide-Awake Club," which numbers 200 membera. I. Odell.which points to his complicity with rebellion, such (io they soy) but payment to the last dollar. Tbe ur.tion of one State must affect all tbe Southern States,Steamer Wanisutta, Arez, New-Bedford, mdse. to nuwter.SAILED—Steamnhips Zulu. Kingston, .l«.; Maiapau, for Lon-don ; North Star, Aspiuwall, Montgomery, for Savannah 5 ship*Great \ \ estein and Antarctic, for Liverpool. '"'»' »"»esiein ana Antarctic, lor lavetpoiWIND—During the day, from S. to S. W ,Present ability to do so, however, • does not exist; feelings but th.e interests of all. No skveholding State can Iiv<-No langur*^4? can convey to you the indignation of nor does it, to common observation, appear evi- for itself; wc-must live with and fir each other.' God bus not defeat the secessionists in this city. '"•!WW aicollusion a s has driven Gen. Cr»ss from his Cabinet.oarcitizensatthesefacts. 'I'heirsequencesareso denthowtheyaregoingtopayatanyreason- tb'onHehuMlinkedindissolublythedestinies'ofourpeopleand m,JU«-i V VKCXV. rVCHlLi>'H ff 125.CHILD'tJhi)V £ .A TUBES, r. M.OT)!-wRSURIKJS SEN- --',CHARLE; ar;d #1.SXORJK 8 *ftOBlN<0 FAVOI it* MERRY'S CHll-i'^yraving*' *x IHil'l A i • ' A w i >' .tf| the da- LJXW SufimfstakabJ'e as to have compacted the Republican iee&ogand determination beyond the poiut of Jetting, theBotrthgo,*>ffpeaceablywith the wholeGovern- ment property x'Oits train. Even Deumcrats share jin this Reeling. W e are satisfied the South intend* t o strike the first bloody blow against the Union. When it^comes, tb.^ sentiment that secession can be,ably remoteday. In climate, soil, ]iroducti6n.fl, and systems of labor, wearean _.; MARYLAND. identicnl with each other as w e are Separate from the balaueo of BAI.TIJMOKE, Wednesday,The K-hr. Mary Langdon, ashore o n Hart r«land (before re- board 30 bblh. o f lime, b yrte^MBtugPr6sid««it, aud brought to thl»1 ?«'"'' •'l'he hull o f the stenmship John R,. K>ng has been pumped out, ml (looted. She lmn been towed round to the Allaire Work*.Tho iteanishin R . K. Cuyler was thia afternoon floated ell' t b eorgo Scviicj.ai Dock. -•'By Telegraph. pNEW-ORLEANS, 1'ee. 19.—Air. ships Cbapultenec *nd Dor-mous, Pennsylvania .tendered fourteen regimentsinpublicopinion <>uthis'issue*.majority—will unite in such a-Convention. Iuealculabte oinbar- that were last niyht thrown open give promiso of un I'or the information of The Mercury and the juhMneiitB and dangers cun thereby be avoided, aud- iucolculuble Mississippi and five other States would secede. He usual elegance. The means of exit from the buildinggO"d insured. thought this was the only way to preserve the Union. instruction of the Vigilance Committee and po- A\0knowwe caunot be mistakeft asto SUCCISBS, when we^ taeTf^eten* nac bow cy^^otohartlHHMi the-chaiigedeserve special mention. All the stairways are double,DMfc r r t } s w a r w n e W l •° "The M/rcury is again troubled about your cor- the world. ictpoiident. Thefollowing pleasant paragraphhmmno. T h e building i 8 more fully provided* with retiring rooms, privato supper-rooms, ladies' toilet- rooms, ,aud all possible conveniences for the comfort of guestM, than miy similar establishment in tho city.Tbe gas-fixtures, mirrors, and china are froiullaugh- wout's. Although all of the. rooms arc not yet fur-ppcaicd in.that; paper of this morning:.'' A Keerer. Abolition emiasrfry OI'TJIK 2<J, Y . T»IBC.va in at thi* tiiKt-inCliiirioalou,;ucbrrceriondonttothatpaper..Cannotouf. poHcSifiid \)auf Jetcctivoa spot tin- runcal t»nd bring hiui to ju't"preserved. Ourccinmon movement must' be successful. Com-mon dangers must be avoided. Our equality, our lionor, shall be Institute this evening, on tbe prceentstate of the Union. preserved. A ll tin s e can dsviso a cooperation. Not for our ene<- The meeting wits large, about 1,500 persons being pres- mies,butfor ourtelven, oursafety,ourchildren,ourpeace,ourheec/tsilieH, we beseech you so to order your action us that cou> ent. The proceedings were rather turbulent. Cheers saltation snd cooperation sliollnotbe defeated, but secured.is fre-44generalities" embodied in the Declaration of Inde- Rhett, who, perhaps, as much as anyone, brewed; labor everywhere, to make such speedy and peaceful Congress,'" &c. • 'shadowoftheHallfromwhichthose pendence''were first proclaimed. Mr. Cuyler acidhe thought be understood the resolutions. Strange the Revolution, is generally conceded to be iotiall'y- if he did not, for they were concocted iu his office. unfit to lead it. There is a practical difficultyHe could not discover a solitary argument by which already experienced in the large number of me-'within t h e last few days b y t h e resignation a n d safest and wisest. To our sister States who are identi- fied with us in interest and in feeling we will cordiallyMARINEJO TIRNAL.Crtai Chii -fraviin's-.Weils of;".q den.....Lane's AtaOK J«ne*.'i'- (Jl imts.......Milton's r ir4 .V .oroc-Frank tcie-U Court of N^paniiqu.' .WODH-B o: BSbak»5p-' •.-'•• grsi.vti>.;«. Munich *AV!«rocco.. Lyra OerrnacPoet's Gt> -.-r Lay* o! '.i:>Joscpbirjr • MvT'jK-i. )Butter's And Qner .belo!;.':: Shsie»-.e-:«-l«gs......warmly urging reinforcements, and that Gen.military in its organization.. . -.. r~Schooners—F. F . Randolph, Miller, Georgetown, M . T . Run- stitutional securities from your confederates, and if Democracy of this city; abuses,the Hard Shells as hav- van ; Alfred (Br.), Yabsley, Queenatown, G. F . Bulley; Jameashould not be a party a/fair; not one- Cass has resigned because the President will not When we look back upon the inheritance that we,they are refused, confederate with such of them as are sided,buta•fair,candid,honestgather-sendthem,createsquiteabreeze. Still,weasaState,havehadintbecommonglories..andtri-'willingtograntthem,ordefendthemyourselves.ingonlyaskeleton existence; calls Lincoln'selectionunfortunate, b u t thinks we must submit; soft-sawderstheSoutbpn the Slavery question, and tells them thatthe Republicans have no intention of interfering withSouthernrights;asksthemtobelieveinTammanyHall when she eays so; that .she believes a large-majorityoftheNorthernpeoplethinkmoro.oftheUnion than they do of the negro, and tbat this will bemanifestedattheglassballot-boxesontheearliestop-portunity."Nordoestheresultoftherecentelectionshake our opinion upon this point" (nor any otherman).They reason that all those Republicans who did notMiller.. Carbonett, Ncw-Orleans. N . H . Brigham; E . Wolton. Biddle,Bridgeport,J.N.Briggsk Co.;J,Secor.Bobbins,Cien- fuegos, Post k Small; G e m , Wilson, Trinidad. E . A . Ball; Antaretic. Hicks, Alexandria, Saffbrd & Dodge: H . B . Sqairee, Squires. Maysguos, H . Underwood; Village "Bell (Br.), Hawey, St. Andrews, D.R. Dewolf; A.Maim, Corson. Cluurleaton, Dol- rer& Potter; Eastern Light, McCullooh, Nalifax, J. S. AVhit- neykCo.;Daring,Smith.Nassau,J.K.Bacon.Sloop—J.E.Vail,Vail,New-Havan, tomaster. ....•Arrived.Steamship Persia'(Br), Judkins, Liverpool Dec. 8, and Queens-^townlull,at4::i0p.m.,mdse.,pass.,and,over4>3,o6o,000ingold,to E.Cunard. Dec. 9,at8:10n. m. flPa»sed the steamship Canada,boundin.StvCCamivvddaayy..paass^tedbaarrkMaarryyCC..Fox,boundup Channel. 16th,at11a.m., lot.4737,Ion.4039,passedR,M.S. ship Arabia, for Liverpool.Steamship Bornxsia (Ham.), Trautmann, Hamburg Dec 1, and Southampton4th,at*>p.m.,mdse. andpass,toKunbardtkCo.ing, in which the true sentiment oftl»e'masses shouldbe represented and find utterance. But the pro-found seerecy of its inception cast just doubt uponthesincerityoftheseassurances,whilethewhole onthepositionofthePresident,assuresusall desiretoseparatefromtheStatesoftheNorthinpeace, CaptainandFirstLieutenant—oftheResistanceArmy proceeding developed them into a shameless lie. that touching the Forts M r. Buchanan *' occu-rely on the Old Pnblic Functionary to makeThe Courier here, remarking"Messrs. £ . B; Eyvunx, W. T. AUDBHBON, and others."It will thus be seen that the two-leading spirits—thethe President is with them,, and that conse- quently they must do j i p as much of their busi- ness as they can before the 4th of March. 'The Mercury is urging the importance of an engineer corps, to be raised and commissioned in advance of tbe regular army. There would seem to b e some speeial duty for such a corps. " F o rswear undivided allegiance to South Carolina.a n d:trusted to do justice to the South.Lincoln is suspectedThe Convention of the people of Georgia will assemble on the will appoint delegates to a Geneml Convention of tbe Southerncan d o , a n d which must ^be done in advance. States.Before this, the Conventions of onr sister States of Southhave all suspended, except the Bank of Mobile, South- ern Bank, and Northern Bank.MISSISSIPPI.• NA TCHEZ, Thursday, Dec. .'>0, 1860.dress calls it) speaks of the Republican party without vote in favor of cooperation to be 4iiC>, and for immedi- prefixing the adjective 4' Black." The world moves.teries, and do those things/Which engineers only 3b*Ih day of January next, and doubtless that Conventionpublican party, are exactly the opposite (and by that much weaken the truth) than what the same men saidNow, touching the feeb'ng here us to Disunion. This is the pressing necessity for the engineer Carolina, Alabama, Minhissippiaud Florida, and perhaps others,two months ago.Postscript.—Let'it be recorded tha.t, for the liretWeeks ago T H E TRJBCNE announced that if the corps. . great disaffected body of the South Should proveproper to say that in first-class btisiness quartersrepudiated, and no other intention is harbored sovereignties,bntinwelfare,feeling,unddestiny,weareonein-tions, reserving to herself the right to discriminate onlyof the Constitution should be audi as could neither be Grand Ball.,evadedorresistedbytheAbolitionStates,andBhould The' previous question wasdemanded byavoteofnot rest for their efficacy upon these oaths of Abolition- 16 to 8. 'Nairne. Mr. Moore, Mr. J. Brnner, Mr. R. S. Wataon, Mr. T . M. Crowell, Mr.Blumentbal, Mr.Homberger, Mr.W. O, Dezier, Mr. V . Lecasne, Mr. Jamea Reid, M rs. Jane Wataon, Mr. Adolphns Gaffre. Mr. Arthur GafTre, Mr. Robt. TaVlor, Mbwglittering theabsenceoi*aleadingman-willbeSorelyfelt.' factories,andinthecomfortsofartisanandmechanicortheothermodeofratificationmaybeproposedbySubjoinedaretheappropriationsmadebythe adoption of the ordinance:Republicans could maintain their views or defendtheir actions. Perjury was ojiite as defensible. themselves. Judge Magrath is probably the bo3t All he uttered was the rank old hash-up tliat theSouth was all right, and the North all wrong. Freespeechwasanabomination,asentiment suretobe either a bold or original mind. The anti-cx-Olie**hj Congress such amendments of the Constitu- tion as will give you full and ample security for your wrongs; then'if the-Black Republican,party wiU vote for the amendments, or even a msyonty of them, in good faith, they can be easily carried through Con- gress; then I think it would be reasonable ana fair to postpone action until the Legislatures of the Northern States could be conveniently called together for defi- nite action on the. amendments. If they intend to stop this war on your rights and your property, they will adopt such "amendments at once in Congress; if they will not do this, you ought not to delay an hour afterand kindly look for cooperation for a futuie Union; the 4th of March to secede from the Union. This is a•#*11,250 00 40,000 00 a2,825 73 16,000 00 66,000 00 75,000 00GKO. Garnett, Alfred £ . Lozier. H . Drake, Prosper Vacu«l, Q*o. Miller, Henry GilHgen, and James Shields.—Total, 37.remembered when we come to vote again for Mayor. Heconjuredus,asifwewere alljurymen, notto tali of Abolition.Pardon me for the length to which this examina-, tion may^go. But the public conscience of this com- return home of thre^e "West Point Cadets. I tmunity must be vindicated. Nowhere b u t in t h e is n o t stated w h y they resigned. A friend columnsofTHE TRIBUNE canitbesoappropriatelymade. W e buy it at the street eorncrs, glance over remarks that this is the particular season when it in the open thoroughfare, examine it in our tbe wecding-out process takes place at the huti-;Sewers, Repairing and CleaningPrinting, Binding, &c, of documents for the Boardof CouncilmanTo purchase Patent for JMickles Fire Escape.6,100 00 10,000 00 20,000 0055,000 00 20,000 00Sandy Hook.HIGH •WATKK THI« DAT.1:C5 I Gov. Ialand..:.. 2:25 | Hell-G*t«...Ne*V'ji. I(O O K Sdinm b n t aspiring m e n , anxious to distinguish man of them all, though not hitherto regarded asXIOTATCXK ALKAKAC.San—Rise*... .7:20 ISeta.. 4:36 | Mooo—Set*.1:04 4:06remists look to him to hold things in order.Wc have bad our seceding hearts gratifiedBCos>»ib giavuttiJs',arrangements witn u s a s may advance the''interests and happiness of all concerned. There is one thing certain, and I think it due to the country to say so in advance, that South Carolina is resolved to assert her separate independence, and as she acceded separately tothc compact of union, so she will most assuredly se- cede separately and alone, be tbe consequences what thev may; and I think it right to say, with no unkind feefing whatever, that on this point there can be no compromise, let it be offered from where it may. The issues are too grave and too momentous to admit of any couneel that looks to anything but direct and straightforward independence. I n the present emer- gency the firmest and most decided measures a r e t h e"ThuKyou perceive the road is plain; itiseasilytested; yon can here find a test which ought to satisfyExpense*oftheCentralPark ContingenciesoftheMayor'sOffice$80,00000 5,0000050,000 00upbant power of this wonderful Confederacy, no lan- guage can express the feelings of the human heart, as we turn frpm the contemplation and sternly look to tVegreat future that opens before us. It is our sincere" 1 nni truly your friend and.feliow-citi/.en," R . TOOMBS.and leave them to develop their own civilization toin Georgia, have turned their backs upon the wild and inconsiderateschemeofimmediatesecession,andhaveCano*fat"V\o Bu«»)«n'» I'lh. Battle!>o«.-«.theirownsenseofdutyandofinterest.Butif,underthe guide of ambition.and fanaticism, they decide other-'' Mr. Buchanan's Administration will not be wise,, then be it so. W e are prepared for any event; resolved, so far as in their power lies, to conduct -thisCbilcre::'* I Kagnihew Allthe:.«vA3EW HI X^l MY .KIJ H. ii. Kitgttt *1 23.ROUNDT Eingbtvr;. I i ART AND: fire Steei E,UJ EVENINGEnrraMr..--. Living A lukirattd in t,riM-eo A '. 1 »,'•«FUMXC«lois. >VOJ(' *;>"L>KESi2' • •• >mi allthe1 1. Jt*WRiTlNeGAM - AH for.aaJialaife.TOE'S W • 3SOCTES< NAPII n'ttrait*. Map*,Tbeeuw e Standard s » Hoiid^V"«oraeatrociousdogma,somemean, debasing, dirt> "in thehands of an enemy." This is buta andinhumblerelianceuponthatProvidencewhopre-greatStateoutofpresenttrialswithdignityandhonor, withoutastainuponhercharacterorasacrificeofher. eating humiliation that sent the blood tingling to myfinger'sendasitwasreadorspoken. Honest men entrapped into going on the platform, left i n disgust a t discovering \ t h e .decep- tion. The few persons near it who were able to, hear what was said, evinced no enthusiasm, gave no hearty cheers, n o r indicated ouy sympathy. I twas a jug-handle cheat all through. T h e North was criminal throughout, arid must put on sack- cloth and ashes. T h e South w a s blameless from the beginning, and must be conciliated by abandon- ing every principle which for five-and-twenty yearsfaintexpressionoftheconfidencefeltbythe sidesoverthe.destiniesofmenandnations,wewill endeavor to do our duty faithfully, bravely, and hOn- revolutionists, that to all intents and purposes ei-tly. I ani now ready to take the oath of office, andjustice, patriotism or good sense..'...-.mKj By Telegraph. Ivote for negro suffrage in this State are sound ou the Experienced heavy westerly gales, with a high sea during theGEORGIA TO T H E SLAVEHOLDING STATES. The following is the address adopted at a meeting of .the members of the General Assembly of Georgia, andwhich was laid oh the.table by the South Carolina Convention:To the people o f South Carolina, Alabama, MiBui«flippiand Flori-. da, in Delegare .Conventions assembled, and to uuoh oth»;r Southern States an n.ny a*eenible before the meetbig of the Georgia Convention.Herschel V . Johnson, on being nominated to the State Convention from Jefferson County, made a pa-goose—only voted for Abe because of the disorganization of t h e Opposition. Massachusetts is already eating humble pie, and Northern popular sentiment may beThe same meetings have urged the present Assembly of Geor- gia to inaugurate this movement. Before thece meetings were held, this Assembly bad passed a bill for the cull of a Convention of tbe people, and to that Convention it 8«eam all our prominentu— » I. «.. ALABAMA. 'good; also patriotic, & c , Union-starry'flag—stripes—•»ry ueawsplit sails, ke. Dec. 8. fat. 24 S2, Ion. 61 05. spoke, bark ArrowWe urge this request, deeply feeling its importance to all, and to onr gr<.-at common cause.. . _ bytheLegitslaturesofthree-fourthsoftheStates,or-: ItisnoteworthytbatMr.KaneisthoonlyDemocratEurope. I therefote.'.xuay safely say, it is for the bene-fitofallwhomaybeinterestedincommerce,inmanxi- Conventionsof.three-fourthsoftbeStates,astheone who votedagainsttheappropriation.every honest resistance man in Georgia. Do this: Deficiency of Taxes, 1859. 35,00000 Wanjw, Rafale Gonziles, Leandro Escalera, Capt. A. Noyeif,trioticout for publication.speech,whichh e willwritea n dconservativebecause he does not say something, but he will becheckmated in Congress if he does not behave properly.The remainder of the address ia a labored apology .fortbe South, a protest against tho destruction of theUnion, and a pledge that if the Cotton States will sendin their bill of grievances,-the North will pay promptlyand in full to the uttermost cent.' T h e peroration ismemories—Fourth of July—don't break things—mu-ate secession 179..;GEORGIA.AUGUSTA, Wednesday, Dec. 19,18G0.to the Convention. There is intense excitement.The separation of one. from s-'l must gnwtlv involve not .only the Tbe Hall is a very fine one, and is built on a lot 125 bywn.ingled^/iore indistinguishably the drops of water in our -rivers Uieir children forever;floor of the Academy of Music. The Hall WUN builtby Mook, and the decorations were designed by I}o- torted), was got off yesterday afternoon, after thr<>>vlng over-,D e c . 19, Lotubconsulttogether,then. Letussonetthatallmayagree. Tho Hon. A. H . Handy, commissioner from Missis-1860. Our people must b e united. Our common interest must be.' sippi, addressed a meeting of citizens attbe Marylandac<M^lisfced',peace. vWy will be blown to the winds, ti<;«7 IJe in .-d« a little mttrvctiorn! Cannot tho Vigihuice Coni- Nearly oil our.sister Southern States ure, even at thiu writing, were given for Mississippi, cheers for the Union, and nished, the velvet cm-pets, and fine decorations of thOa. a>- Pxinffe, from Liverpool; Ophelia, from Loudon, aud Evening;ntid the deanand for c oercion will be almost unani- n.Kfee get ready to report?" moving to this end. A\'e believe all—most.certainly a very largo cheers for Governor Hicks. Judge Handy said that aetar, from lluvre.1>innntcrn, «*fcc*BAKX AjJiionK.—Mr. W m . Raymon nrrived this afternoont^'b) from Hempated, L . 1^, and reports a bark ashore on Hemp* sled Be;ich (Jone-s Inlet Bar); was «rst seen about 9$ o'clock thi*' morning, sea brepkiftg over her, and n o poartbiHty o f oommnui- cationtoa»e«^rtainanyparticulars. Cant.Merritt,Underwriter** neent, will leave this city, with a wrecking whooner and m«t»» iials, to the wreck, m soon as possible.ofvojlrj^teersforMexico,*lender tHventy. It is oi.^ of the astonishments of lice, I "will say that, till further ^notice,' I mty be tppeul,to Oie noble chivalry of the Southern people not Id t;ike a Tho North bad vioiVite.d the .Constitution. The South and there are eight large windows, from all of which,found in regular attendance-upon*the (invention,1 nal step—i-whlch most inevitably and. irretrievably, in its very " ) utnre, Involve all—without at least offering to consult with as ii.unyus,v.'UJconsult;tndabove all,webuetion will notbe1. , - e. » • % - . , ,„• «jwould take the Union with, her, and if the North chose thentogivesatisfactory guaranieefj allwouldbewellUntitled Documentthe measure to tbe ground is but a step.: ..For tbe ball last night-, which was u brilliuut, aJIair-'jj* •, ' -' 1 ••!••• 1 n • if*ir*i- - - - • • • - - • • - » '.; - •.ITOE .M YVBiAiTTHl m ier't-A y& UrnbtlstM•met annnrtCopi*"">1 9b*. late of t»»«lty ornbAR AHD• Traonnm-,to pab'd-h < fool at.6> B—Is.§Q% C A U topabu-:•iTTaliPrt/ic1 **} - NOirrir CAROLINA.1 f RA/.MOH, N. C., Thuwday,.J>ce. 20, WW.for the Union; but submission, neyer. The North A. IJaxter...naust concede, or the South goes out.Rellifc Co...Thomaii Scott.Gio. McAlH(.'ter(PhiJ«.). 1.000 F. Macdonald &.C0....... 2,425 Fr. AlexarderCeo. Moke &-CoD. Torrance &Co. (Mo*fa-'-BOARD OFCOUNC1LMEN.F.Mcbol«on & Co.,.,;,, 2,(XK> 1.000 Ludwir. Mac it C o . •4,000-40,000contribute to the convenience of the public. QnKKNSTOw.Y,! Dec. 9.—The steamship Canada, from BostoatMr. LENT claimed that -the Association agreed to Vigo...............likely to divide us ? It cannot be tbe mode of redress,for it seems all-'look to secession.—separation from,the wror.g-docrs as the .nil i'm'ate' renjedy. The tiuiewhenthitremedyoughttobeappliedseemstobethemost important, if not the only point of difference ciency. • AuRtralanan......•New-York Olangow.Boston Liverpool. .New-York......Havre .New-York........Liverpool......Jan. 2clean Broadway-for a certain amount, which Was sub- scribed by the property owners, and the AssociationUnited Kingdom AUcz>ti«« •••Dec 2 5hadnorighttocalluponthecitytomakeupanydefi- ACThlll•*»•••«•••••stricken out, and *• $82,822 72," inserted instead.Mr. SHA W replied that it was unnecessary to reca- North Americans/ramnhip Pertia from Liverpool—Mrs. measures^shouldbetakenbythewrong-aoersasprom- bechargedTHETRIBUNEwitherroneouslystating MIHKA.McDowell,Mre.Youri^g,Mi*sCadbunyandniMter,Mr-And when it censes to do this, it is no longer a per-v..1beconvincedthatthereissuchathingasbeing pennywise is a compact between co-States, andnot"withthe certainty,leadtoadequateredress, andinthemean officialstatementoftheBoardofAldermen,theamount GeorgeBrown,Mr.H.Halftead,Com.McKin»try,U.S.A.,and•iter. Mr. J. C ..,jr., Mr. Johir .'iinte by tho means which may be resorted to by theae fanatic*, was a perpetual Union for our win. Tbe Constitution measures to be taken before, as would, with reasonable was that it only amounted to $34 per day. [By the Butler, Mr. F . do Goribar, Mr. J. Jobert. Mr. Wm. Billing, Mr.•For a Court House Fourth Police District Interest on Central Park Stock . . .Jf Floating Debt... «••••••••* Japanese Embassy Dills ,Laying out the city north J55th-ct. Construction and repairs of pabb'c buildings Real Estate Expenses . . . . ;Salaries of the City Courts. , " Fire Department...,The Board concurred to purchase steam fire-engines for Enpine Conipanies'Noe. 2 and 6 at an expense of §4,810 for each machine;- thev also concurred with the Aldermen in tran8ferring$l4,529 38 from the appropri- ation for the Rne8 pavement to- the appropriation for election expencee.DKMOCUATIC REPUBLICAN GENERAL COMMITTEE.—A meeting wae held last night to hear the report of a1PORT OF NEW-YORK..Cleared.T>tc 20.passeje. 7th inst., }al. 49, Ion. 1G, passed ship L . W . Warberg. boundE.SttuaiKhip Quaker City, Shufeldt, Havana Nov. 25, mdse. a n d p a s s t o H a r g o u s &. C o .Stebmslilp Roanoke, Couch, Richmond, fcc., mdse. and pasa. t » I.udlam &Heiucken.Ship Contest, steele. Canton A\ip. 29, and AnjierOct. 3. paused Cape Good Hope Nov. 10, «ugar to F . A . Low ie. Bros. Hs>» en- countered very heavy weather since passing Bermuda. Sept, 29, in Gasper Straits, signaled ship Shakespeare fBr.), 102 day* from Liverpool, for Hong Kong 17th inst.. lat. 20 25, Ion..74, spolce bark Linden from Boston, for Charleston.Ship Empire, Coombs, Liverpool Nov, 17, mdtc. to Zerega k Co.from Bio Janeiro, for.Salem. w h o reported having on the 4th of MONTGOMEUY, Wednesday, Dec. 19,18G0. common destiny—battle-fields—glorious past—sacred Dec having spoken ship Mugente from Foo-Chow, for New-• • . . ' - ». THE WIDE-AWAKE BALL.—IrvingHall,thegrand.ball-room-of the fine new building just erected on thecorner of Irving place and Fourteenth street, was lastnight inaugurated by a Ball given by the " City_.-lplUJThe CooperationistH are making a great struggle to . 75, and tbe dancing-floor is 9(i by 71 foet,, giving ac-l commodaiion to more dancers, it is^cluimed, than the,hi,the'»ff.;vft-v^.^T -'l,0O0jHenry Hastinga.........Oelricbs&Co 1,000 Fred. Butterfield & Co... 40,000)Now-York BremenPortland Liverpool.Liverpool ,,-.SonthaenptonLiverpool..Jan,Dec. 2*> D e c 29Coc'ibom,in-,fc>> v'i&m w*bijmtom *4E -JS Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comMm•MiaiM Urn 