 "17J£propriety which, in a forensic debate, distinguisheshe took he took to the water-euro, and wanted every- body else to take to it, '".'•/••:'.-.'.';" •"-•••>,••'•-breakers, the doomed ship rolling heavily M surge af- ter surge broke against her iron sides, the spray dash- ing in volumes to the bifcht of her mast head, and thes ••fee date*en<* "between the tweedle-dam andtwe^ie-deeefMr. n a t t The Senate deeire him 5t o » * y w h e t b e r l i e l o a o w i a n y t h i n g a b o u t t h e H a r - jor** Bert? inroad. He says he don't know any- tafeg aaeut it, and he will aay ao if the Senate willmvit* him to answer, and not requite him to B*t the Senate aays it will not abandonirightofnioTtnTy. Thisright,whereexercised r purposes of legislation, it claims is a clear, dis- and anqnestionable right, and it affirms that Senate unanimously declared Hyatt's case towithin the role when it instituted the Har- pea't Ferry Committee. By this icquiry, more- it iaskts no man eaa be harmed, for the law &few years ago by Congress provides thatBathing a man shall say in investigations by either tsaneh-ei"Congress, shall be nsed against him.In other words, in these investigations as in Ceurta of law, no man is compelled to criminate himself. Tha»> even if Mr. Hyatt had aaythingAs say that would implicate him, he could not be' harmed by the inquiry. Still, if he had; we m\yadmit that something like a practical question•A ' T • „v_L a**. ««r« ft/Mith onens its batter- awaiti him, when the e0ntire South opens its batter-iesupon bin at Charleston, after the manner of Mr. Curry to-day. Pert Mr. Logan of Illinois, ore of Douglas's most unscrupulous lieutenantsjn toe Bouse; looked as if he would sink through its floor while Cum** well-aimed broadside was nddlmg his fleeing «hief, ^ •'DANGERSOF REPUBLICANISM.Com»^KM^»«» «f Th* N. Y . Tribun*.W ASHINGTON, March 14, I860. The Homestead hill, which was BO promptly put | tbroagh the House, will be opposed by the Slave- holding Power of the Senate. It is a bdl in the in- terest of Free Labor, and the more speedy Settle- ment of the public domain by it; and thus that Power, and by consequence the Democratic side-of the Chamber, will aim to kill that beneficent meas- ure. Whether it will be able to do ao is not clear. Certain Northern Democratic Senators are com^ polled to go with the Republicans to save them- selves at home. Beside this, they-are compelled to show a little activity in behalf of the bill, in view ofhe Presidential election.But there it no measure of public concern upona*ai>!.* t^uit of the dying man Is about to start on that^/iOS • I/VOO;; :i Ii•sayB seme punster, to the public unknown.—The Albany Evening Journal of Tuesday says,bride, which led to a long and stormy inter-J Srr»in*8, 8ro*. &. Co 8cbol)«: 4t Eros J;'B«*l)*x fc Bro«...,... A. Rich & Bros......Total38,000 Ballenfc Lander 23,700 Z. Brnatein 4c. Broa 12,500 Neuatadter6,000•* ••••**»»##•• • •$8,70029,500 6,000 23,MO$133,080,try experiments, of going skyward. Let usstick to realities, and not be running off on ab- eerve ss an illu*trillion of the style on such occasions.issued at London, is full, of political poems, chiefly in Ford arriving, croseed the ri*er with 49 men, andt afterashortukirmisb,keptupforaboutanhour,theWABBntGTQB*on the 20th uh., by the Prussian authorities in Poseru away the Up M , *hkh, w^en'the top r«B had heea earnedaway,noothermaninthefieldwouldlook akWaamscTos,March 13,1860.sntt^ofS A h A a ^ ^ t o ^ n ^ ^andposse^ ^ >—fi ease,wuich is, after all, the greatest of serial accon, letered to him the sacrament} one feolds a crucifix far walked five miles, anu were out one hour a^d a half, to put the hounds into covert and let tbem find a>us keep on the solid earth, and notPr<rsidents. The Republicans of Danby wiA do their next November.PERSONAL.—New-York merchants have not yet forgotten thefavorable to the conduct of the Swiss troops, that her descriptive letter of the affair, written during her Sum- mer's reeidence in a villa near Peragia, was recently published in the official journal of Rome. Pio Nono, desirous of showing his appreciation of Mrs. Ross's.»^....^ ,-,*»:/-> w-*.-—•—<•*•-.'fc^v.l-w. . JV::..•'.'' ;.?.•'•,;.';•^•^n***,) «^»n)«ia eahtO.-'•beingaeeeptabte^•=TOawsc?;*^fcsoouW the idea of any taaeher ot*& t ,.. . ,i.u^Z"ii•.doOr, w* were ushered into the presents <of the ladiesmight peihap* be r*i»ed which would afford someaatt of ground for a case. But when we know that which the Democratic party is not at bottom dividedIhe merely stands for the defense of the right to de- •fcnd anindefensible, or at least a very questionable position, if he or anybody else should ever happen ta get into it, he reaches the vanishing point. Or-dinary vision cannot see its merits. I t is easy to talk about John Hampden and the forty shillings and all that, but as Mrs. Malaprop would say that as an unparalleled case. The difference is, that the newer claimed in old Hampden's case, uoder the law, if exercised, might be made to ruin anybody or •aerybody; while in the case of our Hampden, it eaa hurt nobody, onder the law as it stands, unlessinjustthesamewaythatitison""tlieHomestead. It is so on the coal and iron interests of Pennsylva- nia; it is so on the improvement of our internal chan- nels of communication; it is so on disunion; it is so on the reopening of the slave-trade; it is so on the repeal of the fishing bounties and the navigation laws. Everywhere the dominant portion of theparty holds views adverse to all Northern industrial interests—commercial, manufacturing, and agricul- tural. And if it were not for the cohesive inflncnces of power, patronage, and plunder, the party would disintegrate and go utterly to pieces in a day. The remnant of Northern Democracy struggles to live on the souvenirs of. the past, the plunder of the present, and the promises, of the future.sively,asusual.TheLiverpoolStarBeys:"There were~two or three representations of Henry VIII., and perhaps Mr. Tucker, the American Consul, made the best personation of ' Bluff Harry.'"—The Rochester Express records the death of a daughter of Frederick Douglass. Since her father's absence she had lost her appetite and' interest in her occupation, and had gradually sunk away and died. She had got the idea firmly fixed in her mind that her father would never come back, and that if he did re- turn he would have to go to prison and execution.ueanposing criminals be a hurt.It i* not worth while for Republicans to allow It cannot take a step in the interest of the Free—An extraordinary event in the history of the.Ger-themselves to be befooled by abstraction**. W e are after something real and substantial. The rights #f Kian are as tangible and real as the everlasting lawsofthe"Universe- Inujholdingthemandde-fending them from all their enemies, high and low, w e do a noble- and a glorious work. "We may even aay that in doing this, we do not. much care whether we go according to law or against lawi jEvcjy man is at liberty, in virtue of that libertyStates on all the subjects referred to, or on anyother, or even squint toward making the TerritoriesFree States, without finding itself in direct hostility,andgenerallyinwarlikeantagonisms,withthegreat idence,onthe!25thofFebruaryjattheageof71years.body of its political associates. These struggles Mr. Bacon wa« a naMve of Massaehueette, and beganmust have an end. Northern interests must be Kfe as a practitioner of law in Albany.- He-held the abandoned even in pretension by all the members of poet of Clerk of the New-York Senate for 28 years. the Democratic party, ora final rupture must take During the War of 1812, he was in military service place ending in the explosion of that organizationHamburg, wheie a Jew, ten years ago, was not even eligible for a night constable, a Jew, by the free suf- frages or" the citizens, has lately been chosen a chief magistrate,nextinstationtothehighestdignitaryin that Republic. The gentleman etectsd is a diatin-if she caught him at the business. Oar principles may lead us to defend filibustering in certain great emerge neies. Whea Lynch law ^prevails in Cali- fornia in the interest of Civilization and Society, when Italy becomes insurgent, when the slave runs fcom tit master, we say all hail to this kind ofalliburtering. It is all against law, however.But while we are thue Tadical in defending cer- tain illegal acts, we 8re also compelled to allow the authority of law, and to admit that Governmenthas its rights and its duties, as well as the fillibus- ters. The law makers and law administrators nrast be considered. They have rights, and they have power; and it is idle to say they must surren-der to the filibusters. We reckon them to be on amore equal footing than that. The fillibnster goeshis own way. If be is guided by principles ofEternal Justice, we honor him, and applaud him.If he combats authority, he must take his chancehowever. If he fai>s, he must not whine, and thosew h o rapport him should not wail. H e is merely aIt is the duty of the Republican party to learn wis^dom from this quarrel of the d scordant elements ofthe Democratic party, and labor to preserve for it-self a homogeneous existence. It can only compact of the politicians of Pennsylvania, to put Jeffersonits power by building itself firmly around principle. If it has the virtue to contend steadily and faith- fully for fundamental truths, and to hold fast to a lofty integrity in shaping measures of administra- tion, it has a glorious future before it. If it adopts a course of compromising on its principles, or runs off on the low level of creating strength by wor- shiping the mammon of unrighteousness, by. which we mean initiating or winkiag at corruptions of ad- ministration, it is doomed to an ignoble career. W e wish the skies were clearer on both these points, but especially on the latter. The rural distsicte are sound on the general principles of Republicanism, but they are not awake to the perils of the party on this latter head, and we fear they will never feel their danger till it is too late. It would be a cruel fate to have the present generation of Republicans precipitated from a great success, achieved throughperfection. Fxllibusterism against law until law is Chicago is to tell a tale not for four years but forDavis of Mississippi, forward, and the latter is evident-ly not ignorant of this plan, ioaamuch as it is evident<*rce of great virtue in conflict wiQ» author force~•afvirtu*.Forgov<»rnzu.mtmustexist. Thatcon- toila.w&tribuijitivu,«.M<I««iintoij*gloriou8retire-terview with her father, and to his subsequent de- " the Hon. Clark B. Cochrane was in town ye jterday, parture. He has not since rej oined his wife, and anA dinner which I attended at Senator Seward's may stractions. Wd,areapartythatstandsforright At6o'clockwewereBetdownathisreeidtaice;foundsensation produced in mercantile circles, during the testimonials in behalf of the Papal cause, had her children conducted before him, and solemnly conferred CastleGardenexcitement,bythepublicannouncement theApostolicbenedictionuponthem,ofwhichpro-glorification of her model hero, Napoleon III. Mr. enemy were driven from their defenses. We had two- silk house of Bowen &. McNamee) that the firm had ceeding the delighted children did not fail to give a Trollope's new work, " Philip Strazzi," will soon be Rai gers wounded. Tue Mexican loss, according toa number of the guests already assembled—the others common sense, and while we filibuster where we arriving not long after. A formal presentation mast, let us recognise the at least equal claims of to the gentleman who is to bo your •escort tomade by Mr. Henry C. Bowen (of the well-knownand justice and liberty. Let us also be a party oflaw and of Government. W e cannot afford to be Quixotic or to deal much in wire drawn distinc- tions, or vagaries and niceties caused by too much dwelling upon a single aspect of human rights and duties. W e must have and exhibit what Old John Locke called the round-about sense of a solid un- derstanding, or we shall be amenable to chargesthat will provoke ridicule rather than sympathy.In this city Mr. Hyatt is openly accused of try- ing to break into jail for purposes of his own. And Senators have been warned that if he was allowed t o succeed he would be the inevitable successor of Mr. Seward. But the warning did hot serve the purpose of deterring gentlemen from being ac- cessory to this burglary.Mr. Fessenden^ Itgal argument on the case is spoken of in the highest terms by the most eminent lawyers of the Senate, and is pronounced to be un-answerable. J. «- P. M E CUBBY'S SPEECH—JUDGE DOUGLAS.Wtvm a SJKKJ&I Ceraracpondczrt.W ASHINGTON, March 14, 1860.To-day, in the Houfe of Representatives, Mr.Curry of Alabama confirmed the reputation he hasheen steadily gaining since he took his seat in Con-gress, as one of the ablest men on the Southern sidefew days ago a slaveholding Kentnckian, after buyinga bill of goods at this same establishment, (now Bowen, arrival upon Canadian soil of a Prince Royal, says: has been occupying him for the past three years. It ing, tbe better to protect tbe boat, 47 officer* and men.as is current among men of breeding—setting, invinced that their host is the man best fitted for themight profitably imitate.jb aving received a considerable share of his edu-general acclamation.daughter who lived but a fev hours. " W e trust"says the widowed woman who is called upon to face her face indicates. The Empress Eugenie is very fond who had brought in his bill. He was a good and'»•••• p IIIPIIte/DoqgSas waa P 1 ^ ^ . * * ^ b i 8 i , i S M * » ^uto be sent home from Cuba in chains and disgrace. The furnished the marthjl strains for two vtf}Jj$ry compa- bridg*s locked, he loiped. clear over both rati* to fln» * - - -^ ^ «f thehonx torn* OK the traeetion of ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ t i ^ k t ^ ^ 1U « ^ n ^ , u p o H the whols. "rv^ ^ n e - n o tat, other bridge. One day, in a hard frost, he persuaded ftel MlastB««neofall"isdeath. Thepriestshaveadmin- nies,inpaytox^Obio. It was,estimated tint ttay a masterof houndswithwhomhewasstayingjuefc-and we are gratified to learn that he returns to Wash- Hie* is eternal. I t will go on till man has reached ment through weakness or faithlessness of leaders. ington to resume his official duties next week."AustrianreportsaysthattheGeneralhasappliedtothe Pope for a dispensation from the marriage vows. Tue Gazette de Lausanne gives the following, taken fromwho has been many years a resident of Florence, THE TROUBLES O.V T H * E I O GRANDX,—The W a rmade perfect. This is the rule that mu»t guide man forty. forever. The supporter of both forces is not incon-sistent.•'•Butthe roan who insists on acting only on one side of this everlasting conflict is no good citizen, er at least no intelligent man. Yet there are those who are fools enough to uphold law\ because it is law, and vice versa. There are those .who resistauthority because it seems to abridge man's rightfulliberty. Mr. Hyatt does so. The habit of mindtiat animates Buch is induced in consequence of re-sisting laws really infamous. The Kansas code,made by Missouri ruffians. The Fugitive Slavelaw. But herein men manifest their weakness, nottfeeir strength. They stray from impregnable posi-tions to points exposed and indefensible. W eobject to following any such lead. We objectto having the Republican party do so. Let•Club for the coming campaign, of which the following- "Tbe young wife of Garibaldi has arrived at Lu- WASHX>MJTON, Jtfarch 11> 1860. named gentlemen were chosen officers: Stephen D. cerne in company, witb. an adjutant of her husband. The fashionable mode of getting into the visiting Beers, ^President; Lyttleton F. Clark, Secretary; The officer being challenged to a duel by the General,i. S. P. Extract* from the Correcpondenoe of a Lady in WcaMogton.—The Republicans of Danby, Tompkins County,met on Saturday evening, March 10, and organized a a Lucerne journal:nursing a love for fast horses and an ambition to be considered the best whip in Tuscany, appeared in a barouche, driving twelve in hand. Last year he drove ten horsee, and was bur'esqued by a mask who drove ten donkeys attached to a cart, directly in the rear ofhe American's splendid caacb.—There has been a renewal this season of the con-versazioni at Florence, which for a time were sus- pended on account of the absence of many who adorned the charmed circle of old. Mrs. Trollope, the younger, and her husband, Mr. T. A. Trol'ope, receive on Mon- day evenings in their claseic rooms, hung with antique ornaments. There assemble some of the most distin- guished Italian litcrateurs, with many of tbe cultivated English and American residents. The Brownings are at Rome, where Mrs. B. still continues in very delicate health. She has been, however, at work in her cher- ished Italian cause, and her small volume, soon to beDepartment has received a letter from Major Heiatzlo man, dated Fort Brown, Texas, Feb. 10, giving an ac- count of tbe recent engagement had with Cortina ax»«f his band of du'Jaws. Heeaye: ^**Since my letter of the 5th, I have received-Capt. Ford's report of wbat took place on tbe A'Ja, ^henhe> croissed the river into Mexico to protect the steamboat KancLero, on her voyage down, with a cargo valuedL at $iJOO,0GO. On the 2d of February, two companies of State troops, Capts. Ford and Lxiiieion's, wero placed under my orders by Commiesioners of the State of Texas. I sent Capt. Stonemau's eav*lry to occupy tbe country from this point to about 30 .miles above, and the two compsnie* to occupy from th«re up as far as Edinburg. On their way^they found some of Cortina's men deprsdating on stock an«r kilUng soma* of them. At Zacetal Kancho, opposite L* B^sa, he en- countered 30 Mexicans, and drove them across the Rio Grande. His party, with some Rangers, were £red upon from the Mexican side, and one man waa mortally -wounded. In ihe mean time, the steamboat, which was near by, was also fired into. Capt.circle, is to send your cards to the Senators and wives, next to members of Congress, as the term is need-here., mearing the House of Representatives. I mention Tcivea of Senators, because usually they accompanytheir husbands to Washington, which is net the role, but rather the ejectption, in respect to members of the other Booee.TIUB may be done, either by going in person in yonr carriage, or by sending your cards through the Poet- Office; then if you :play your cards well, tta-d if you have some advantage by the position of your husband orotherwise, you are ready for the campaign.Jones •Oatrander, Treasurer; Joseph. Hones, HomerJennjngp, J. Van De Bogart, Executive Committee,and a Vice- President in each School Districtin the to wn.Claries B. Keeler, e t q , hitherto a prominent Amexican,replied to it by night."—Pio Nono has been unusually lavish of his presenceent whits to be served. The meats are carved by the head cook, in a neparate apartment, and, beiDg placed in silver di*h*s, are handed to you by a waiter in white gloves always at your left hand.rected him to s^ow the gentlenfan the finest silks in the any propositions which may he made to the Upper establishment. The Kentuckian put on a look of C»naoian Board will be favorably entertained."oBwtt* •>#•'**#;•# eji•••-. •sgen......#*£**..j?«i>.1859 r^..i860gestive organs are stronger than mine.You are conducted back into the parlor in the samepillage and fire, and hiB courageous wife who fired thewill attend the young Prince, and the details of his vieit, have not yet b>.en settled, though it is said that,: **recent grand fancy and dress ball he figured exten-hag to his convictions, whether those convictions of its afflictions, and with tbe coming power of the Consul at Nassau, for ten years, a place which he re- that some legal documents of unimpeachable aufhen-. are in accordance with law or in opposition te law. signed four years since. He was a man of great ex- ticity, relating to the family and property of Shakes-Austrian representatives were concerned.Henry V; (the Count de Chambord) has iseued a pronunciamento, dated Venice, Jan. 25,18G0, ostensi- bly acdressed to M.Villemaine. in compliment to his recent work in favor of the temporal power of thePope, but actually intended as a challenge to Napoleon III. Henry V. characterizes the abrogation of the Pope's temporal authority as the death-knell of mon- archy and of the Roman Catholic religion.—Farini has created.three new chairs at the Univer- sity of Bologna, for the study ofTndo-Germanic and Semitic philology, the ancient Italian language, and modern Italian dialects.—Joares de Paseos, one of the most eminent Portu- guese lyric poets, died recently in Oporto.—Letters from Florence of the 21st ult. state that no Carnival season in that city WHS ever more gayly cele-brated than the one just closed. For a time the tide of American/and English visitors setting toward Rome wasatayedat Florence by fear of political disturb- ances, and none enter more delightedly into the vortex of Carnival pleasures than our countrymen, to whom they have the additional piquancy of novelty. At the Corso,onthelastdayofthefestival,Mr.Livingston,jJohn Brown had an undoubted moral right to help North-West in Congress, under the new census, thea slave to his freedom. But there is another side elements of discord will be increased and intensi- ing manners. , to the case. Virginia had a legal right to hang him fied.peare, have been brought to light. Tae precise nature and- interest of theee papers has not as yet been di- vulged; all at present known is, thatsuih documents havw been discovered during the recent repairs of the Rolls Chapel, and that, by direction of the Right Hon, the Master of tbe Rolls, the duty of making them pub- lic has been intrusted to Mr. S&unton, who is well known to be now engaged on an edition of Shakea-ef the Chamber. -Mr. Curry is a gentleman in toneand mien, and in this respect he differs from a leave—all, no doubt, only impressed by the honor son?, the average age of each of whom was 71 years. . pound already, would it not be well for the delegateslarge share of Ms political associates; and, in done them, fully conscious of the hoepitabJe manner in The venerab'e couple were made the recipients of to " eave their bacon 1"—The Princess CIothi!de i3 not very pretty, but she speaks fluently five languages, and ,is a thorough this particular, an example which many of his fire- Pjewdentialmanrion. Certain I am that *rouud him Martha, lie widow of Oliver Brown who was shot at Greek and Latin scholar; is well acquainted with the cluster the affections of the lady representatives of wo»k« of all the ancient and modern poete,andis par- eating brethren below the Potomac, and pretty the North, and if we had the direction of politisa! Harper's Ferry, died at North Elba, on the 2d inat. ticularly fond of quoting Shakespeare. Her charac- moeh all of his dirt-eating followers North of it, affairs, Mr. Seward would be the next candidate by She gave birth, about -four weekij previously, to a ter, in epite of her extreme youth, is very firm—thisaddressing his opponents, he employs such language which they have been entertained, and doubtless con-numerous and valuable pieeenta.—We learn by letter from Mrs. John Brown, thatOne thinj pleases me in the society of Washington,eation at Cambridge, in the Commonwealth of and that is the absence of formality between thofce who this new sorrow, "that our loes is her etei-nal gain."of this her young relative. steady friend and ha»er, and generally rather obsti- nate, coming of a sire wbo, having oppoHedthe makiu<—Among the victims lately arrested atV oronaare of the Menai Bridge, would never crofiB it wheutt was the bisterfl^toncbi, aged 22 and 18, suspected of having made. In the hunting field hie tongue was sharp, butembroidered the -colors lately sent to the Parma not foul. " N o ^ then, Sir, if you don't, think you»e>&mMassachufetts,, be speaks the English language,aeeming never to have learned, or else wholly to are brought together by a common invitation. Your '—Piccoloroini is married. She sang one morning athave gotten rid of, that indescribable semi-negro next neighbor, if you can get her name, is like an old tb*» Crystal Palace, and hit on the next for Du!>)io,dfialect so common on the Southern side of the friend, and yon may enter upon the discussion of any-Bepresentatrves' Hall that a stranger, on entering thing you choofee with perfect cordiality. In this par- fascinating siogiog-bird is an Italian Prince, a Roman its gallery and turning his back upon tie throng ticular I have been agreeably disappointed, and it has by birth, and a relative of one of the Cardinals. Hebelow, wouiu almost iancy that a gang of first-classVirginia slaves had been turned loose in the Cham- society of Washington.•docB not, 88 in many iaBtancee, marry for tow round sum realized by the vocalist., but is a man offline for-ber. Xhe speeches of Mr. Curry, as mere compo-sitions for delivery in the forum, are models for thestudy of the logician and the rhetorician. He is in respect to the expense of shopping. Mobt articlesing morning was a great plate of" hashed mutton, which beconld digest in the saddle. He oat no lunch On coming homo from hunting, he used to go to bedtaken off the dietd I had of going into the fashionableIn one respect Washington is misrepresented, viz: tune—tor X'.aly.families of Venice. But, being able to attract to his eut much, as well he might, conriooring hi* enormouspalace no Italian who was not a Government officer, amount of exercise. Hia regular breakfast on a-hunt-—The Court Journal say6.thai there is not the slight- eat foundation for the announcement, copied from tbe guage, rejecting all embellishments that do not help New-York or Phiiadelpbia, and some things even at Dutch papers of the approaching n arriuge of the Princeand not.a eingle Venetian lady, he was removed.precise in his statements, and chaste in his lan- that ladies seek can be purchased nearly as choap ats in—Tne narrow fltreet, Rue.de Jerusalem, in Which^Joiloau and Voltaire were born, in Paris, ie about'to. for on hour, and then into a warm bath beforo dinner. The spectacle is described by those who witnessed it-Jbrward the argument. His delivery is earnest,d e a r and manly, and he has the parliamentary ful, of every kind of material—in fact, all that belongsHe hardly ever wore a groat cous. In bis hitter day* as one of terrific grandeur—tbe eea around watte withof Orange with an illustrious British Princess.—A letter from Roniejjtates that Rogers, 'the sculp- fctween a speech and an essay. to a lady's apj»anage—can be purchased here at tor, is there at work upon a bronze door for the Capitol Of the doctrines of his performance today it w reasonable rates, from the hundred-dollar lace frills to at Washington, the estimated coat ot! wbiolris $25,000. •efficient to say, that it was an able exposition of the cotton edge. Step into the splendid jewelry shops, There are eight groups sculptured upon it, representing •the extreme views of tht Slavery Propagandists of and there is placed before you the costly diamond, and scenes in the life of the discoverer of America. T h e the Caibonn school, and especially in regard to the the faultlees inritasion. Money is the only thing scarce. first scene repreeents Columbus before the Council of ttvioiabiBty of property in negroes, the right of the If you come to Washington with a hole in your puree, Salamanca, unfolding his great theory. In-the secondlei's price. Head-dresses, exceedingly rich and grace-be removed to make way for improvements.—The death of Mr. Roatovtzoff, Chief of the Central Committee of Emancipation of Serfa, which occurred on the 18th ult., will tyriously embarrass, the Czar inhis efforts ;o hasten hia great project to a conclusionHe was one of the most trusted counselors of the Czarwho was with him during the last two hours of hi know himself how to fall, and in all hw tumbles never boat, it in affirmed, could have been got with safety < &;patriotic arguments whenever the occasion is presented :an indication of the'fact.if T5.T "'JL^ j 7 g ^pbsbiaente. A few moments havingpassed in a pleas- Hm to tejWamd * * * £ ^ ' W ^ a w i n d , during which time the Major never '^ased flaying.*9<9waa/K5o1 W « Brooklyn C. Wat* Jj6»«. Y. Cent KR. 7*.. o.iiwv . do.*,..,li^KrieBit n* Mon' AOttSife RR. 3d Mcrt'Kotrikiea? biLJCOBn«J«mRITOTRC •T^fc pf<%rfgsff<*•»•*•••*••*• ' U m a n H M t a & Alwi^JficfcT a© Stak'glf. 3/S»5«L&Chic.l«tM J,WCVT. it'ToLat**'* ZOPoopWaBeak...ttSOCoiob C o * * ? " *15P*ciU<\K'18t*mit»iir' C JtOb ! tw»«»>••••*•«. W99 ' GO***** * • • • • • • b3lWMieb.So.fcN.lad.Go.3-• •i'.ii'•' '-'••' »,«aTjFntt«d-St«te« 5^6*.tf;,5«TJr,(UHl State* ft, '07. 'ym Mi«*>uri State&». .hi—Among the late California items is a statement g u e s t * t h a t w e h a d c o n s u m e d t h e t i m e W h i c h b e l o n g e d l a s t g r e a t v a y a g e f r o m w h i c h n o n e r e t u r n . I n n i c h e s t h a t C o l . F r e m o n t i s s e n d i n g C i o w n f r o m h i s m i l l s t o to UP,and then took our leave. surrounding these scenes aie figures and busts of vari- San Pranoieco " a chunk of gold about the size of aNext we proceeded to Mrs. Senator SUdeH'a, who is, ous xoyol personages cotemporary with Columbus, Philadelphia brick every w'ee-k." .•..,./'I believe, the most recherche of fashionable ladien.. includhDg Ferdinand and Isabella, &c. —It ifl stated m 27tc Liverpool Albion of Feb. 18After a process of introduction similar to that aheady —The Times's Paris correspondent writes that the that the British Queen'recently, in a conversation wub described,wefoundourselvesinthepresenceofthe Empevbrisabouttoconfer thedecorationofthe LordPalmerston,inwhichtheFrenchtreatywasant chat, we were reniinded by the arrival of o&erlady of the house and her two daughters. Mrs. S.'e Legion of Honor upon Major Philip Kearney of New- dress consisted of a lilac silk, flounced, and bound York, for his services during the recent Italian cam-with white velvet, sleeves short and elashed with lace,an ornamental eomb in her hair. This was the tout . ---The Washington Star thus advertises the businesswarmly discufeed, and somewhat too urgently pressed upon ber Majesty, handed his Lordship a slip of paper, on which was written the letters "AABRYLET," and told him that if be would form them into a single word, they would aptly convey her Majesty's views with re-gard to the treaty. Tlie Albion promised to give its readers the word the next week, but before the ap- pointed time arrived t i e New-Y ork sailed with our last mails from Europe. It is euggestcd that the word la probably " betraj al." It is further suggested that thetatement is a canard: of which, indeed, we have very little doubt.—The new King, Charles XV . of Sweden and Nor- way, is to bo crowned in Drontheim, May 3,1860 (his 34th anniversary), together with his Queen Louie.—One of the German princelettes—the Grand Duke of Baden—was about to be launched into eternity by theoverthrowofhiscarriage,whenhewasreecaed by one of his loyal subjects.—Ra'ael Echaque, who has heen raised to the rank of lieutenant-general by Queen Isabella, on account of hie gallant services in the campaign against Morocco, was born at San Sebastian, Feb. 13,1815, and ia the scion of a distinguished Basque family.—Father Marchi, an eminent Italian archseologiat, horn at Udine, Feb. 22, 1795, died in Rome, Feb. 10, 1860.—There are now nearly 150 temperance societies in Norway, and drunkardsaie.rapidly disappearing from that country.—M. Muaurus, the Turkish Embassador at the Courtof St. James's, is an Oriental statesman of literary andartistictastes,andgaverecentlyaprivatetheatricalperformanceathismansioninBryanstone-square,whenensemble of this gay, distingue" Madam. I jadgedfrom her.foreign accent, as well as from the vivaoityof her manners, that she must be French. A table to the jail of the District of Columbia, occupies a large richly laid with a great variety of comestibles next room m the south-east comer of the jail, formerly claimed our attention; then came the final leave-takiag occupied by Major French the alleged Governmentdefauter. He will probably apply for a writ of — stiff courtesy, and a winding up by placing oar habeas corpus, which will bring the case before the" Nor was he master of th« sportsman's craft alone*His strong sense and warm heart mode him m' other-way s a ui eful man. He did a great deal of good, realgood, and iuajodieims way, among the pour on bia. tetates, espee'auy among the quarrymenof his great quarries in Wales. He aw thegreat fact that,proper*-ty is tbe root of a social virtue, and gave each of hie. men, as far as be could, a few acres of w&3te land, which they, of course, turned into a garden. He waaa builder of churciesand of schools, and the clergy-men of his parishes found his h*nd always free. Hehad a great turn for mechanical contrivances, and wae *'» agreatship-builder.Heevendisout*dwithMr.Ssotfc- RufteU the merit of having originated the ' wave line/He i9 said also to have been the first suggestor of ourfleet of gunboats. What it surprises us more to bear iathat he waa not without literature. Pope and Horace. were hi* favorites. He knew «Elo'se to Abelard' b y heart. He was also a passionate admire* of Shak- speare, and fond of repeating the speech of Polonius, especially the lines (really applicable to bis own char- acter)—cards upon a silver waiter, handed to ua by a servantSupreme Court. If the Court sustains the Seua*e,. . .% vBy att cannot eBcape imprisonment otherwise than by air, and congratulated ourselves that so much had purgiDg bin*self by testifying, unless, the Senate re- lease him. The whole thing amounts to this: Hyatt is a manufacturer of some sort of sidewalk dead lights, aid hopes by the notoriety gained in this case to adver-POLITICAL.—-RepubHean clubs are being organized throughout ConLecticut.Intheirclub"roomstheyhaveDemo- cratic as well as Republican papers, and find that the former are remarkably efficient in making' staunch Republicans of their readers. The Connecticut State Election takes place on the 2d of April, and the Re- publicans feel confident of as brilliant a success as has been seemed by their brethren in New-Hampshire.j gniebed jurisconsult and writer Dr. Gabriel Rei*ser, who was Vice Preeident of the German Parliamentthat sat an Frank fort in 1848.in livery, when we stepped once more into the oi>enl* ' fl^c a•*«»•*«••«•-•. A )*&%)** Stata 6«A.*rti*RR2«M B.K*.. TO , »rf««a RR. L»i W .„.. 4 » Hkrfem RR 3 iMt*. 6j ,000 Had, XiV.RR.1 rt Ma *Wplk of CommtTCA.-.. aoftpoc. M.Stoaia'pCo.irfV . tc Ha4. Canal Co. « 7.CentralRR...U X do....' * i-rl«n Railroad 'Ut-i jh.C«n.RR......b<tone of the Sto igh Centralfiu< m or fears excit. d all jobbers cpei *\a . shown for a lo' jajgjj* linee. of stock Siave been absorbed So large a majority o| »ow interested for thhear dealers has btthe market is the ie£moved we should u<!.ipr;$fccI advance iaopened at 73£, anddi*patches from Alba j of the consideration j cburftged the bulla,.* ' it 74, a promine price. It was th* had been adopted re. to three years, and il able. At the Secoj market waa firmer Being many unbelie1the toll bill, pure Store active than of. era shares had all aj jtaiccipal activity w ealei of 2,700 aharee ifco.I>ire<jtor8 of thia•j httir, wben it is e:'• <iect will be declared a X jry firm market;" Western stocks, eep^)f tibc former, a 1 which the marketrfcatprice wacjafterv and in demand at 5. tinec to have a depnBtate, and they sold -Ctnt siice the newsAidbilL Other Stateat. The market > < ^ m n « a , : a l t h o t-^^^taarket waaThe 1 -^atesos, T4, 101$ . '';oW;. 6s. ^81i»8J^TjU^heTlaad Ccal ^r^94» New-YoiiSa^nVd, 91-2»9|; Harlem lUulroad, 9 £esdisg Ran>oaC, Toad, 39^40; H ia&ana Railroad, jraaaaa Railroad, jwad, 61«61i; Gi60^;, Cleveland an "ssgo aud Rock I aral'7«,90i®91T!te market is qi ^-Hwngein rates..^eights^-ToLb «>* boxes Cheese a ?00>a. Lard at 25i r^Ocasks Rice at 25at 40a; 68 casks B 6d.; 200 bales do. at 25s. To G a*To^Bremen, 700 1 K Tobacco at S5s. mfrom-Jacksonvilla The business ol $164,591 15~ror C •59i66; Baiance, j Subjoined is the" o le Baltimore.an'' eagcts.. V .pre*£....rt '-i- lajtj..... ......-•«. vrjbeen done.c. w.—The Young Men's National Republican Associationof Cincinnati held its annual meeting on the 11th inat.,and elected Frederick Haeeanrek, President; oneVice-PreEident from each of the seventeen Wards;Secretary, Win. P . Nixon; Treasurer, Charles R.Fiscliek; Corresponding Secretary, James M. (Sitchell; man Jews has just taken place. In the free City of Executive Committee—J»mes Elliott, John Hancock,Wm. S. Simpson, A. B. Mullett, and Dr. Jordan."*To thin© own ««lfb«tro«,And it 8h«)l follow ai the night the <?ay Ihou canst not then be fal»e to any man,"Where he picked up his Horace it is difficult to> say. He was at Eaton 11 year*, but he said he learned ncthiDg there, and probably he spoke the truth. There was a vein of religion in him which showed iteelf, especially during the sufleriogs of his last illness, in- frequent expressions or rewignation to the will of God. He was a regular church-goer, and always, whatever tbe distance, on foot. Without Betting up foramoralist,hediscouragedgamblinganddebauch- eryin hisPportingcircle. AmanwhoBpoketohim•;.—John P. Bacon, esq., diedat Nassau, New-Prov-wherewith God has made him free, to act accord- into fragments The Slavery question, is only one for a ehorttic e on the frontier. He was United Stages —Ii is announced in The Illustrated London News friendly character, at least' so far as the French andcellence of person*1character, and amiable and oblig-•—"Occasional" writes to The. Press that Mr. Guthrie of Kentucky, is Baid to be in league with GCD. Cashing of Massachusetts, and others, including some, •''•"that he has been playing • a crafoy game to secure the pearejs works.—The Troy Times save that soon after arriving in London, Morrissey intendsto have a set-to withSayers,ARRIVALOF THENORTHSTAR.aid and comfort of the Administration and its officiateon and after the 23d of April coming. Mr. Davis haslately become one o! the most conservative of men. in order to test hie "science." He has purchased, aThe Bteamehip North Star, Capt Jones, from A^phv wall the 6th inet., via Havana the JOth, with treasure and 180 passengers to D. B. Allen, arrived on Thursday morning. She left at Appuawall the schooner Central! America,. from Turk's Island, arrived on the 1st iag&> and others.He has dropped his. military tone, and now takes prideand pleasure in delivering the moet conciliatory anddiamond rir g, at a cost of $275, and if Sayers wins the fight, promises to send it to a friend in that city, asto him.—If the Republicans go 8e-ward in the approachingManchester'thit on the morning of the wedding, the General re- •canvass they will probably have t> fish without Bates, ceived information as to the antecedents of hisRPECIK LI8T.IJellert Co......$13,500 J. H e c h t i Broa.........in an effective speech, gave in his adhesion to the Re-publicans, and accepted the post of one of the Vice- Pope's attention was called, by Monsignor Talbot, tothe children of Mrs. Roas of Bladensburg, whose ao- •full ehare toward making Tompkins the Banner County d)unt of the capture of Perugia was considered soresolved to " sell tleir goods, not their principles." Aglowing account to their parents on returning home. iseued. Mr. Jarves will speedily publish, in New-York their own account, is 29 killed and 40 wounded. 'Their whole force wae 150 infantry and 50 cavalry. Our —The Toronto Colonist, speaking of the expected or Boston, the elaborate work on' Italian Art, which officers and men behavtd admirably, Tbe next morn-the diiiing-room takes place; you have a pleas-ant chit-chat in the drawing-room, during whichtime, a«cording to etiquette, you remain etand-ing; you are ihen led into the dialog-room; a waiterin white gloves meets you at the door, designates yourseat, where you find your name attached to the napkinplaced by your plate. The ho«t tnen mentions thenames of hie guests, to sec if they are properly seated.Turtle soup is then served; the other courses in regu-lar order, seventeen in number—the plates beingchanged for each course; wine-glasses, five in nuoaVer,of different size, form, and color, indicating the differ- was ths rep'y. " I can't help that," said the strauger, oi ©ration of other ripiilar bodies. We m»y add thaisilk dreaa for my wife." " W e don't sell at retail," anu measures bave been taken by the Board of Arts and Manufactures for Lower Canada to obtain the co-passage: •. >4< This hero, not. only of fox-hunting, but of alleport^s—for he was a first-rate shot, cricketer, boxer, billiard player and sailor, as well as rider and hunts- man—was formed by nature for his part. He was of the right height for exertion and endurance—five feet ten inches-—-with a well-proportioned,muscular, rather elight frame, weighing ten stone in bis early days, and latterly about eleven Btone ten. Once only be found a man who could stand before his fists, aud that manstory of his t reat set-to with the coil-heaver who had struck his horse it al eady pretty well fcnown. His features were plain, and not indicative of high breed- ing, but intelligent and full.of the calmness ot perfect self- poeee» eion and a resc lute wilt. Tbe son of a great sportsman, he was in. tbe saddle from his childuood; and so completely did he grow to it, that it WASthe pillow of hte sickness and the arm-chair of h'8 old age. A princely fortune enabled him to c*rry on his calhog in princely style; und marrying at fiftv-oue, he hadn> family cares to turn bis mind from the main ob-ject of hie life. He bad the eyeofabawk; aud not only fcr a line across country, but for other things. A box of papers was stolen from his study. He called in all his tervanls, questioned tbem a l round, and received from all a^denial. One of them afterward returned to the room to i>ut coals on toe! fire. He. collared him at once, and the man confessed himself gcdlty. Ho had jead his guilt in his face. H"s temper was hot, t n d o n c e h e appeared before a Police magistrate for thrashing the son of the attorney to a bubble railroadtion on the river."THK WRECK OF THE HUNGARIAN—TERRIFIC SPBC- TACI.E.—The particulars of the wreck of this vessel will never perhaps, be ascert*iued. No one on board, so- far as is known, was spared to tell the fate of his com- panions. All went down together, and sleep together in the same wav,er.y grave. It seems, however, that;the foundering of tbe veesel was witnessed otf Capo Sable by two brothers named Nickereon, whose ob- servations are thus recorded by The Yarmouth (N. &>Tribune :" At 3 o'clock, a man named Barry Niskereon, re- siding on Cape Sable, descried, exactly in the direction of tbe reof known as ' Horse Race,' what betook to- be the lights of a steamer. These liguts when first seen were smiionary, and remained immovably ia the same position lor more than half an hour, then they ap- peared to move very swiftly in a north-westerly di- rection, and, in the course of ten or fifteen minutes, became once more utaiionary. Mr. Henry Nickerson, who resides on Fish Island, states that he first saw theV light in the position which the wreca now occupies, a4>4 o'clock, and comprehending that some unknown veu-- bel was in dibtrces, aroused his son aud hie neighbor, crossed in a fishing skjlf the inlet which divides the island )'iom Caoe Sable, and, in the hope of.attracting* the attention of tbe crow, exhib ted a lighted lantern, from the higfc est point of land that could be found.'• The lights of the unknown vessel continued to bo visible until day break, when they disappeared, prob- ably in consequence of the fall of the moat to which. tbev were attached. As day dawned, the-hull of a laTgo steamship was plainly discernible on tbe ^Great Rip,' a ddngerous ledge about two miles" tfouth-west of* Cape Sable, the foremast gone, mbaepmast and smoke- pipe onlv standing, and the sea making a constant- breach o'ver the ship. Tbe r-.gRing of tbe matnmast had the appearance, according to the statements of our; informants, of being crowded with human beings, to- the number of between fifty and sixty-^a sappor.v Brtion we see no reason to discredit. About- half an hour aft$r sunrise, the m-dumast waaMen to po overboard, the fcmokepipe disappeared soon afterward, and the mizzetmaet fol'owed about 10 a. m." I am in from the West, and I want to buy my wife two gentlemen connected with that Board were in To- a dress from the man who sells his goods, and not. hia ronto a few days ago, to arrange the preliminaries ofprinciples." Mr. B, called one of his clerks, and di- a conference between the Boards of Upper Canada and Lower Canada; and we believe there is no doubt thatUj)on entering the dining-room you perceive thetable laid with perfect taste, cuntaining the confec-tionery and conserves for the grand finale; beantifal changed the topic of diecouree.pyramids of iced fruits, oranges, Frenoh kisses, & c ,all beautiful to look at, but dangerous unless your di- Stonington, who periled hi» life to save the place from neceseary arrangements. The names of the suite thatludicrous surprise, and on resuming his' conversationThe Prince will leave Eagland for Canada at the said that his blow was like the kick of ahorse. The—Capt. Jeremiah Holmes, the renowned gunner oflatter end of May or the beginning of June. Instruc- tions will be s*nt out to the authorities to make the»•. iiMain Srei $24T .:59 *73oc=ifirst gun at the news of peace on the east branch ofmas ner that you entered—when coffee is served and Mystic River, celebrated their .golden wedding ' at the Renown, ninety-one gun vessel, has been fixedNet iaoreaae, he-The following a -higaa Southfrota P*«rengwj.. Fnaa F.^ipbt... From Mni.'w.....lotal.,, Iacre&»«»Tbe tirut weeli in'Weste-rn Road (FonFr»m Pwt»«U4«r».. 1 ! Frwsn FrvigktFrom Mails, &c••!•'•T otalThe general acco ^annual report juat p^lATBatwrx o/ the AJi U ' JKailrot •CoeatJcwrtio^-Wairr Li• B*UltB»ai«oh. />Sa<x>ewl Track...... Depot Oroaudti aacFultoo £at«uvi<.-r. • £^uipcu«ct—C«w..... LocoaioiiT««.....•Caict«o, *»t Cbsriwi &Q| \A Atr-Lir>« Rwlxcxd.f:LXf«&d«4 for tdoi'.ius ' tea«k»v bau&rg«. JccBrxooh Statioa.«*»* of a briixe. ;n(mnneouona With Ba yi- ooat ca bonds intJ«toattaU. ,3« ac8tookiMu«dtn| T o MandMachlflt-;j—IIn fttaoiune Shup.J IMM'. Ratatts—Aon« I'•* MtaooUaneous J Siatartala on Hand • ljliqueurs of different kjnds. A eh >rt time is spent in Mystic Bridge, Conn., March 8.. The-first table-was upoD for conveying him to America.conversation, when t R guests one by one begin to surrounded with more than a score of venerable per- —If the price of beef at Charleston be 25 cents awhere the knot was tied. The happy possosaor of thebrigade.—It is said that the late Governor of Venetia, CountBiesingen, was appointed because it was supposed thathe could exercise some social influence on'tbe leadingdone harm enough already, ride through my hounds again; but if you think you have, you may as well go home.'"The dietetics of a m«n who rode hard with hounds till i igbty are worth knowing. He drank littie, butateveaoJderto carry them into the Territories, the you are, however, not without resource—pat yourselfdenial of tho" power of Congress to inhibit the exist- upon the true nobility of an educated 'woman, and you is before'the King and Queen, laboring to convince •mitteo pro tern. •'! '• '••••'••<'T^ ksjffi ^ . - ^ j ^ ' l •;• ^ t*v-!V?!w$ForEep&traof , T orRapaliaof Be For Repair* oi d* For Rapaira of FeMM of$sv«£y anywhere m the national domain, and the «htty of the Federal Government to protect toe ilavehikter in the enjoyment of! this rightwill seoner or later'acquire your rightful position.THX BE'WviTT Ci.iNT6N.~The fthip He Wift C^h4 ton is ashoreat-Squan, and lies with her head to th*;f•'i'JK9'*'Coal. Banheis just Betting out to seek royal aid. In the third heSecretaries of State, has been President of the Com ways feil'cle'arvdflu%l^Be^.ahd never let go the bridle. Once,whenJW»S^I#i^^3>l^^^S b»mas hethere to look around, it being Miss Lane's reception care of the monks, while his ships wait. In the fifth not been published hitherto, and also to establish a out hesitation straight over everything where he**<rwed and proved the utter impossibility of anyholding & doefeines of Popular Sovereignty day. After handing in our cards to a waiter at the hois landing in great state upon St. Salvador. The religiousjournal.. ^."»paign.of our Mend, Thaddeus Hyatt." Mr. Hyatt, committed by the United States Senateiee his wares."—Bev. Tucker has been playing the "king." At a—The London correspondent of TheGuardian, referring to Garibaldi's marriage, statesto tbe public of late, showing himself ofoen on foot in Rome, and on the mast frequented promenades. While walking in the Villa Borghese, the other day, theTi |,-, ,V^,,..V„J ;,J1 ;1.^^^v.Vrtwo, ••I * i".'•.'.i^.v^.VfWM,*!-" '**'"**'^**-";• *.<••.'••¥•''••*-i^t">.' V" •- '••!'•.• .--•_'mmmm* ItfXX m•m»«inaiiiVhWWrfxth is at H&paniola, where one of the sailors is bring-*bathejgreatreceptionroom,amongwhomwasMiss inganIndisngirltotheshiponHslBhoulderflJ The neeki,whosedeathwechronicledlately,waaforbidden'dos«o>arun,berodeupmiloverafeneeieamS'r„ Lane,to whom wewerepresentedmdueform. Wenext is tile great navigator's triumphal entry into Bar-ceivingtheseminationa»Caarketon, celonaOBbisreturn.Inthesucceedingonebeisabout ••—MajorRobneon,asolofifer,ohedaylap>w$ek FndtogthegateattbeendofoneofthetwoparaSal n ^ n M ^ T W £<wse*.&* Vfousd Iver a very agreeahltf wom^a, dressed in fine—A [funeral demonstrattonin honor of'(Sen. Skrzy- b u s m a n was partly due. .On one oeoMtoe. a* &athe French play entitled Embracsong nous Eollevillc jestingly of euicide was told never to joke on such *was enacted, the parts being filled by members of the diplomatic corps in London. The wags of the diplo- matic world eay that the embrace was not of the moetsubject again. Though rather self-willed, he was un- seln8b, and could not bear, when ill, to disturb hi* servant in the night. -His heart was always easily- touched. He and his horse having been kindly shel- tereu from the rain by the maeter of a wretched hovel^ be next day sent ma*>uft «o buUd the man anew houee. A bill for £300 was handed round in his pres- ence, and offered for £30. He saw tuat the name of the unfortunate drawer was that of an old school- fellow, paid £300 to the holder, and threw the bill into the fire. Of couree it is easy for wealth to play the beneficent Cafiph, but it was at least genuine feel- iig in Ast-heton Smitb. In politics of course he waa a Tory; and, as a member oI Parliament, of course he never spoke but voted hard for his party. He wouldl pest np to London from his place on the other side ofi Andover for a division after a day's hunt,'("Among other modes of celebrating the expected will be illustrated by engravings from tbe rare pictures crossed the river with their horses, and accompanied visit of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, we in his own Florentine collection, which he contemplates the boat. A'.LaPaimas, two or three mi'es down,Holmes &. Co.), went into the private office for a con-versation with the leading members of the firm, oncertain subjects connected with the saving of the holding a grand exhibition of Canadian manufactures soon taking to the United States, to form the nucleus fore them. Some of them belonged to the rural police.ventured to urge, some weeks ago, the propriety ofthey encountered a body of armed men retreating be-and raw materials, at Montreal, on the occasion of the of a public gallery. Tbe larger portion, no doubt, belonged to Cortina*Union. The Kentuckion maintained his side of the After a snort conversation with Gan. Garcia, the troopa question with some earnestness, until he was inter- opening of the Victoria Bridge. Since then we are —A biography of Aesheton Smith, the great Nim- reoroseed to our eide of the river on the following day..glad to learn that active steps have been taken to. pro-rupted by the sudden entrance of a Western man, a mote the accomplishment of this great design. 'Hie rod of England, has just been published in London, The dangerous excirement of the laet few days hae-stranger to both parties, who, without waiting to in- Government,*it is understood, lave agreed to propose troduce himfcelf, said to Mr. B,, " 1 have come to get a a grant of £5,000 in the estimates toward this object,and from a review of it we take the following' somewhat abated. The troops will resume then: posi-life. During his sickness, Mr. Bouigakaff, one,of the buttwico'brokeabohe;' and of the two times, ouca from having* elasukn^ia his breast pocket. Ho al-through the breakers which environed the o a s t . •'•-LIn Car 5>Uop...them.Yesterday (March 10) we drove to the White House, but Ferdinand scarcely deigns to b>.ed the visionary have just procured a complete prmtmg eateblishmentV be kicked?' He replied, '* he shall kick my brains out east storm. Her anchors and cables have been laid,Isabella leans forward, and seems interested,lAr Curry waa *w«re upon Mr. Douglas. He desiring a better opportunity than we had when last enthusiast. In the fourth he 'is confiding his eon.to the They intend to print several manuscripts which have first.' In making a oast, as in the run, he went with-The monkB of the rich monastery, of Mount Attoe*? Eatats) 7|Untitled Document" H e was a desporute rider in the fuUeensoof the biuows pouring in ceaseless c*taracts over he decks. term. Porlaps no other man ever rode deliberately Tto violence of the sea during the morning *nd theandhabiJually/ora/tftf. He used to say that with a eariy part of the day was' so great that no attempt fall, yon might get; over anythngj: and that any m*u could be n»ad<» to approach >he ship. Not even a life-who professed to ride' ought.to know how to fall. H*lay on thegrbhndw^the'hndle clettchedin his dand.a nervous ftieh^ called out to hinitp let go, or.he would heacbi apparency very little damaged by the north- feand Capt. Merritt and his men want on hoard yester- thought the aeent lay; and to this his success as a day afternoon.' & & *COMMEHifhaflMa*theSu* 1#»TJ. State*5«.'65UM«0 State*U, 14 Re fTencweefc,'90... VI grata State 6*..*? ^ MWoriSt»t«6«...fox; and. the fox being found, went away witt*\ them, arid had a hard ruo over the iron ground—a spree ihe thought of which tets one's teeth on edgejsv;P e o p l e w e r e n o t a s t o n i s h e d t o s e e h i m g o s t r a i g h t o v e r ^ the moht tremendous places, but th«»y were surprised *to see that he did not even look round at the-leap"'''-^''when he w&a over. Though a desperate rider, he was _ •; not a wild one, but, on the contrary, moet judicious,and gave bi* horse every chance. His band was un- equaled, and horceB which n> oae else could manage we»et.ra».tbblewithWm Heneverlosthisteoiperwith shiroaJs. Bis horves knew it was npelens to "re- fuse with bim and one of them leapt with him ioto ihe middle of a pond which he h»d unconsciously ridden up to, with nie head turned away and which the bora*' thought it his duty to take. His hounds foiled hit ap*- • prt a<.h vtrjth joy far off tbocuh he only hunted and never fed them. He was absolute master of bis craft j*ndallihat belonged t^> it; and,%hat the Bake of Wellington was to otheif Eaglish General, that waa Astsbfr ton Smith to ether Ecg.ittb. huntemen*do.............do.............do.... h\ <3o...........*l \Jsf9$< oo»............ 1 C. X N T C a l i f * r n l a S t a t e - * . .AT KjQrt »•••>•*#• • • • » p* aEnagsaaaasaeiiBB saiasaaasaaaatm w t w w w ^ * ""fM^awwawwB^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r^'T^^r/^^^'^^-.Ti****-;TrTr, A»»vT^*ia^rriKtft«l*^^'^^www.fultonhistory.com 