 *I'a aJsoaory,No JhBood^t Prfrstos^i»ao||»J«ril-die«- The dye andwindowajoused thtm to action. The ouit gentlemeneveryet manfully retractedthoseinfa-'j'South..Afterthecountryia{fewa little pacifiedbytho •ion,intobeef,he would b.*,ve phUosophioaliyre-£ton o f New-Jtrsey, the Hon. John Covode o f Pa,,Mr. Helper, writeB a book showing that Slavery isthe curse of the South, especially of its non-slave-1ffi::f81e, '.a-• ' o• oTT rr ITTYTtTtTTTrbeen the weakneaa oi t*»tp«rtof the country.He may think that he h>* abided coo»>te«tty by possibility of affording an excuse for disorder; and United States loan of Monday and those made for " ia remarkable that the denial of authenticity the principles of his bill, but was he wea.fc though_eOCTOBER 24, I860ItWV>w«^ '<*>V -7 IM.i< II.•'•• . [••• '•,_•••_|^,.4 .,., ...,',/,4-i!V4fft'•Kin'1£1* -•BiwitusB Notices.•#£*' A vniftrm Uandard of Weiohtt, and a correct tytttm of nmeigMng,or*swbjecfs ctoi««tny t*« otto*tin 0/ every indioiditaiFAIRBANKS*STANDARD SCAJLE*. ABATO* TOKV«*T B«JLKOM©»BTTJWPM*A t lesrfcio**.A.: l U f f s w fc G©MNo. 96\Bowsry.B&tabMshodbilWt.« oo*«oooo« <wx>«»ooot>»oo»»o>»oo^»»o»»»o»oi>» 4B A i . i . L O t J ' tFOBGEUY OPOLITIC*.V a ««• a correct «wl datable Scale 1» rWfttreA«y Tb***«oO»«*aresnnaftotored onlyby<**original •Xtort, aa* sU others leprewUxI «a Fairbanks/ at» mar* imita- tfnr-^ofwMehpoxcbaaenshouldbeware.rgr Theyaxeextremelyalmplalacoitstniotioa.aremadeof the eery tot material*, by experienced and tateiagent workmen, udsmAeTthe strictest scpenrtoion of the ixrraxtora.QS-Tbeybarebeenin constant tuie ia B2branchesofbasi- larthirtyyears,InallparUortheworld,and,havingboeaourcotemporarytothefollowingletter:To the Editor of The ST. Y. Tribvne.uponhishead?—thathemustta.k©hiacolorfront the accidents atd the exigencies o f the oligarchy ?thoroughly tried, arc the acknowledgedThvjhvntaktnmorejlrttpromiumtstandard.than all other Scales,the Papal States remain unchanged. . There was aaad,wbatIsofmorepracticalTalae,harerecetredtheawardof aopfrior•xoetteaoebytherastnumberswhohavousedthemfor sa»&7 7eara.iy Taeyerefollywarrantednotonlystrongaadaecurato, a>at donaH*; »nA thamantdaotarera. who are permanently ostab- BahadaadfaQy reapocaible, will alwajs be prompt to make this warranty good.__ "They ara (o»lDg to the large experience a n d anperiorfa- «Qlda«ofthemanntactmrera)offeredatlowerprice*thanether.Stale* of equal size and strength.anyprice;ifitwerehotbelievedatall,his notes The Dry Goods Fusion Committee advertise in would be taken readily at par. If anybody wantsWILLCOX& GIBBS'SSEWING-SIACHIKE.T h e Tsadetsisjoed, Hisaiooary to Constaotinopie, h a s examinedasfr r-9^ "-WW«»j,u,:»iy',n '.TTYirnHiI B MJAS. Wix.bCOX, Mano'aeturer,So. »vo Broadway, N . Y .GROVER <fc BAKER'S CELEBRATED Noxaauaaa FAXOLT Sxwtso-MACBLnut..No. i95 Broadway, New-York. No. 182 Fulton St., Brooklyn.Constitutional right of secession; but that is avassed before—the corpse of Ceesar in the Capitolfollowing are- the aggregates cast a t tho moat nota-ble former elections:1836. Fremont.. 187,497 Buchanan. 170,874 FiHuv>re..28.1tl Fremont's plurality..16 623 Buch-ond Kill over Ftom-..11.49« 1 > 5 8 . (Sup. Judg?.) BepuV ..1P2.952 D e m 1626W 1839. (Governor) Repub .184,51x8 Dem.......m,3«6—If the Dry Goods Committee have aoy spare funds, we recommend the State of OHIO as a field for their investment. It would readily absorb any amount, andrender returns equally satisfactory withthosealready received fromPENNSYLVANIA. and aoon to be realized from NEW-YORK..IIVDUAA.The Indianapolis State Journal of the 20th has the majorities for Governor in every County of Iodiana but Spencer, which casts some 2,600 votes, and gave WiUard (Dem) 212 majority in '50.' Esti- mating Spencer at 150 against us, The Journal ninkes the result as follows:ELECTION BiiTURNS.THX POUTIOAI. XKXT BwoxFor la£u. . I voL, cloth. 254 pages, oo&taissatableofthepopularvocef^rPresident, by States,as Car baok a» 1824, With a rast amount o f interesting .PoliticalHistory.FoXinCXAKfc O* AIJ. FAJtTIXS.SHOtrXJ) «AV»XT. Price a>L Sent by matt, po*c-p«id, ou receipt, of price.Address . TMXTXXBUJCX,New-York. FrMrrPxarjutwatNew*YorkStateFair,Elrclra.F I « * T PxaMXOM at Muiorul Fair, tit Lval*,Fixar Fxaxtux at New-Jersey Scato Fair, Elizabeth, FIX»T PickMXUM at numerous u i u n t j Fairs,Taken this Vail o y WESTS IMPROVED PUMP.The Eeporter of The Trlbuue ssya cf it: "Of PcmpsforPress—our speakers assailed and silenced—evennativesandlife-longcitizensofSlaveStatesrobbedoftheirpossessionsandhunted into exilebecause forts andconveniences Virginia haslong been Mr. Douglas prefers the life of a mendicant of their Republican faith—while a ribald and licen- noted. H e is no more inclioed to yield up hisupinaWiinnter. Itoper«i«eeasily,bothasasaotionend The DeifyNews Reporter says: " 1 will not neglect to noticea foregone conclusion—proposes t o march a t once, if he can obtain leave to do it—for, unfortunately, he is no longer Governor and Commander-in Chief of themilitia—underthebannerofVirginia.IfVirginia shirks the contest, he will accept a commission fromNorthCarolina. IfNorthCarolinahebitates, he will fall back on South Carolina; and soon, from State to State, till some Stale can be found t o give him a commission. He don't care forco-son or Gerrit Smith Abolitionists, who are our operation, and does not propose to wait lor it. Ifin.'ooooeeoeocooxMftoooo^ooMKtoeeoeeoooooooooooeoooooBALLOU*S PATENTarywas10050-100. ThehighestprioepaidonX3TTheyaremadeofallsizesandeapaoitiea,andadaptedto•ELrequiredMe*,embracingmorethanahundreddifferent'modi- For President. ,«••.••-« ABRAHAM JLINCOJLN.••<m L -•'• MAGNET FroSpecial Dispatch U» T WA?HC A It ia understoo - Breckinridge iat< Presidential cam to the States of.' ministration De:Electoral Ticke Cobb and Thorn] the raieiogof fun•TOperhumaneffo-forDougla8. DEFAI hear of. ^he -kuk,Iowa,and inniinoif,either- of small Postrna in Vallambrwa. from inability toDepartment, yielded to the ter.moneytotheir when the Post-( compensateof giving them along mail rout given them noc meetthedraff, learnthatci:mi 3gai< at Mr. M Kew-Orieacs.ro| The disreputeAssociation fce feureau officers of their fratemias an equivale'c meet with>ucceTHE Therepoit iiGeneralhadai is said to be e tbiDgf*lookasx.. being cooked in; mufcted. With profligacy ju m: Others, it-wjll g<burtement i h i • Cengre«e hasvother quarter, hj if a heavy can paid. 'Theories Special Dispatch :oH. W.^Corb StateCentralthree guce at tlj this evening. State,andofti Stntes Sen»t>ri *« Thirty-three4 «Senator,CoUR o b ) BROW.NSV) A partv ot t±i night. \Vbi'e < robbed by A!l«i!logsforeighurj xinder arrest,':/ThlTteLiEdiUcf the MetrorolU I*i*oreofthelj coiumcdatirg I>very appliaiicej,. • Ni ThebolkrofiI'ultonsrerta< of the wail ci eavewly.fications. " '' They are cheap, convenient, ttrong, accurate, and durable, tbetr superiority In th*«e respects hartag been prored by long oa«,andnopeinewfilbeapaxedtomaintain,and,ifpotalble,im- prerotheirqaaUty.InHewofthegreetamountofproperty which,in thecourae of yean, ia weighed upon a ainglo Soale. and of the fact that, in asy ordinary bmfacii, a gcod scale will lsat during tho life 01 the naer, it is moat obviooaly fahe economy to hazard the proba- bility of getting an anreliaole Icale, for tae sake of » small wr- ing in the first cost.IttvetraUd anddncriptim* Catalogue*furnithed vpon applica- tion by mail or othcrtriee.FAIRBANKS & Co.,No. 189 BnoAOWAT, New-York.TRUE GREATNES8.~Trne greatness, either in ttade, aetanoe, or ait, is only gained b j persoTerenoe and a loaowledcaof the want* o f tho ace. Among th« few who havetlsaroucblj stooled thiU, w« maymention KJTOX. KiTox's latest style la tho no plas nitra of nnish. beauty and taste.GREAT REDUCTION IN CHINA A N D GLASS. On and afterTUXSBAT, 23d l a s t , w e shall offer for sale,tOO Xcxa. SXRTIex* o xCHINA AND GLASS,Comprlsinc338 Prxcxa AT t>~'- f i K SST.CheChina1»thev«ryt X«*TQDALITTofWhiteFresohChina, and the Ola*- hi Bieh Cat and Engtsved Bohemian Glaas«rare, the wbo.e tosalog a aorvic« at for the beat tabloa in the country.Wo areocljr enabieditooff«rtheSOOTOatUdtlow rate,in oon- •eqwaoeofhaving securedthemfromtheminutactaroratagreat . .^awissdn. for eaah, and m fudag t&e rate are U»Te girenourous-tocaOimthotail MsMAfeOfsiter«d«ietton.Xneae deatrooa of secodng one of the above sets wiU pleaseoall early, as our stock of them is llmitrd.A*sooa nand toe following, which were purchased by Mr.Haoghwoot in Zorope, at low rate*.Baoat D«c J»AT*J> 1>INHJUCt»anrs,from $75 npward, KlOH DawxATXn Tx* 8KT», from «>8 npward.B x o a z x s , PAXIAX OOOOS, tea., &.c, JtcE..V. HAPOHwetTT&Co.,' Noa. 48&V *93- and 494 Broadway, comer of Broome st."WHEKIEK&-WILSON MANUPACTUBXNGCO/SSawixo-MAOH.>ma, . .WithSemmera, Binders, Corders, and Markers,Are the only Machine* that fuuy meet aUthe wanu of familiei sxad snanwfaoturwra. They make " iack-sticb' seams—alike o a both sides, without a ridge, that can be ironed off—the only atltoh (hat wiU not ravel.Ovrxox N o. 565 BXOAJ>WAT, N . Y . SendforaCircular.aome six trtoka' cxptfirieoce with WILLCOX AC GIBBS'S Jf *TMT, behasporob—edon«ofU>em,asthe beaiadapted tothewants' or"hi.f«u.ily.andastheleastliabletorequirerepair.J u l y * , lc«>. OWVXK CRASX.ForVice-President.....MIAMNUSAXi JBLAJJULIN. i.New-Tork:FOE PRESIDENTIAL ELECT0X3. At Large:ble ?brainless agitators at the South, who are nothing unless noisy; and nobody believes in the pretended fears ofNorthernpanicmakers,who, like pick- pocketsinacrowd, hope togain somethingina scramble.This United States loan comesatafortunatethat he did not use the loW-flung abase, neither in lsagaage, metning nor style, toward the foreign population of this country, as represented in the article allude«rto.(Signed) B. F. Huston, W. B. Bentley, E. V. Hogan, C. C Zora- man, L.Stansburry, J. B- Glover, L. B.Hopkins Wm. Thomp- son, D . Knight, M. M. Birdsong, Robert Strain, W . H . Munson, JamesCourson,A.Martin,H.Monyhan,E-Chamberlain,J. H McCoy,G.S.McCoy,T.8.Webb, DanielRiohardson,Johnb. Ttagarden,T.G.Glover,Sr.,8.Meredith,JosephH*ys, O.M. Lemon, B . Lee, Robert TJpphighouse, Ezra D . Davis, Thomas Robinson, James Dixon. Wm. Hitchcock, Robert Morris, I. Mo- Claokey, Wm Strsin. Wm. Martin, George Piioe, Jessie White, J«n>esH,Cauble,S.B.Baker,Win.H.Bright,Joel R Martin. W. A . Ferguson, JohnBlackman, Ezra H . Martin, Ransomocratic party is a dead cepk in the p i t Mr. Doug- las wrung its neck. Mr. Buchanan and hia aatrapi picked it; the Republican party ha« roasted it; theLordknowswhowilleatit.TheSenatoriaiika amanwho,havingcommittedmurder,shouldshow bis repentance by going to bed with the remains; but unfortunately there is very little corpus delicti to go to bed to, and what little tbere is can-an Imrenuoo which- atrucx xttn *a supply tog a loug fett ,n«ed Senator Wilson, and the Hon. Anson Burlingame,Flfiy-two Counties give majoritiea for Henry S. Lane (Republican),amountinginalltoForty Counties give majorities for Thomas A . Hendricks (Dem.),amountinginallto...TtoERGABMENTS,-._T*i>d uW* Fffwaamwo Oooat,of i&e integrity of the Union and the purftj of the Consiitution.-'•Here nothingwas left off either com1'"4-sAr^esaottmeai, w>erDaBut \,* P* the pertinency of this allusion will notti < eartLn 1be perfeO y ^ ^ a.fteT the election.1 WMr. Poufc. ** *U pwdon u s if we aay that he90900eABepnblicanNationalAdministrationwilldissi- pate all their calumnies, and disabuse t h e system-I, South,butaspeedyj,«ymentofitf<Xebt»hasnever .i!fl,TheygoforMr.i dam Schnappsca fcnaineaa,jouse fchnappa, and h Briggaiaoiily athetactin The1 #Q for Wolfe. B 4o look for other •C*rtably had a theDemocrats, them. H e serveaervethem»pwe ro other man ecu much. But i: t mm, just as they the Bell-Everetia have good reason zeaaonthanthoua: endoftheFusiuiiWe have receivi letter, positivelj' d$1,000tethefunx ibertalsofays:i '/'Iiadividoaliy.agtv*ncnedorar fortonuiectitviteleciioi3P0litacal viaws, no ©«t*bli*hment."Thia atatemetit Atthetamettme tion that Mr. Lai dollarscametoai itwaahardlypooOuraometime make a speech r Institute, thisev bravest and fratrust that, in the ing,hewillhave howithappensthapeechea for Brec SeceasioniatB,agj fcattledinKentucJI»J#IJSJJ*Sfi•mnrRepubli- ;tain that Mr. Wilson may, after all, have uttered mendicant, large C^KOOU croon th^ gratitude o f thaysfsasssjg e- •wwwBoWS•SUKSMsrBav4DMthesentimentswhichithasallegedagainsthimandwwwft* •IsonaoTar* FaavoK YOKM 6HTM«, Patented November 1,18».A Naw STTLM or 8siaT. WAaaAirraa TOFrr.Volturno had been received, pit was a protraotedand bloody struggle, but the Neapolitan army wasfinally driven back to Capuai with a Isss of over3,000 killed, beside 5,000 taken prisoners. The_ Madetomeasureat$15,.$18,*24.etc,etc.,perdozen.No ord«r made for less than half a dozen 8birts. v ,# • ••*•' ••B i i i o o B a o T x a a a , ^No. 4 0 9Broadway, Ncw-Tock.Wholesale ttade supplied on the ususl terms.other cause for it, the credit of the Government isevidently better now than it was then, as its bondsthe Ilnd District of Indiana against W m . H. English, bat no he watched the turn of affairs to ao little purpoee, pretendedspeechofthekindthenappeared. In1858,1wasagain • that he did not know how perilous %AMto- candidate for Congress against the same man, and during the ean-^sICEW-YORR DAILY mi3=m&i M^n:m.ifmm: ^mii^mm.MmrnmT TMm...M.$mi9M...^•:v. ;*&*•.{***': (-•fe/,"-TT"1 '^-'-"'•..'..V(**!J>-',1T»-,. **** lOvnifVyM'/VS.rftth'AdyertieementBforTHE WEEKLY TRIBUNE for this out the Soulh, which renders it absolutely.perilousi ruiosoEx-Gov.Wise,tojudgefrom aspeechwhichhe findingAthensanuncomfortableplaceofresidenceweek must be.handed in to-day.and hisbeautiful Thrace.no longer safe, betookX oOwingtotho recentgreatincreaseinthe cfocalatfonA d r c r t i * e r * .thatregionistocrushouteveryVestigeofinquiry *fTHX DAXZITTxrBtnra,andthe necessity ofputting thefirst orfreethoughtwithregardtoSlavery. Weknows'orm of the paper to press at an early hour, w e are compelled to give notice to OUTfriends that hereafter all advertisements must be handed.In before 8 o'clock in the erening, with, the sin- gle exception of those intended for insertion among the Business Notices on the fourth page of the paper. That class of adver-.that thousands throughout that section look hope- fully to the election, of Lincoln and Hamlin to de liverthem from the clutches of this horrible tyrannytisements will be reoeived until a late hour, but no others can be and restore the reign of Liberty (for White mon)be elected, tol march upon Washiogton, to seize of Ootoberand the 5th of November, Mr. Douglas, gates are as follows:takenafter8 o'clock.The mails for Europe, by the steamship Africa, will close this morning at 10£ o'clock.The steamer Ariel from Aspinwall, on the 17th inst., arrived at this port yesterday morning. O a r Panama correspondent's letter contains interest-and Law. And they will not be disappointed.WeshallpollmorethanFiftyThousandvotes for Republican Electors in the Slave States; w e shouldpoll many times that number if the elections were realty free, so that those who wish our success dare vote as they think. But in spite of the Reignof Terror—of the fact that those who sympathize withus darenotvote astheythink atmorethan one-tenthoftheSlaveStatepolls,weshilleviuoeupon the Capitol, the President's House, the publicbuildingB,theNavyYard,andtheArsenal,andtohold the same in trust for the benefit of the Union,till the Government could be organized on a basis reckon as nothing little spirts of eloquence from Murraying news fromSoutha n dCentralAmerica.Union, resort to which was then rendered unneces-sary bythe election of Buchanan, Mr.Wise,thoughheisnolongerGovernor,proposestocarry songatMobileonthe5thofNovember,witha into effect as against President Linooln.Never before was the aggregate vote of Ohio sa large;neverbutoncewastheRepublicanmajority so- decided. I n fact, this i« the first election i aAnother battle had been fought La New-Granada,X04KO th*A twenty dilferexit siad* of Sewiog-Maoaiaes, and aXW io which the revolutionists were defeated. A n a strength iu that quarter which will effectuallydreadful diminuendo and no da capo. For our own which, with three parties in the field, the Repub-armistice hadbeen•agreed npon,but hostilities were to be renewed.The ex-Governor, it is to be noticed, is a pro-part, in contemplating these announcements, welicanvotehasexceeded that ofallothers.TheW o a*ao make large sixes ol these Pumps, adapted for every'placewhereliquids,are toberaiaed, and we caufurnishte«n- panyhavemade specialarrangementsfortheocca-, us. Every intemperate fulm.nationoftheGarri-aaoay to eooviuoe any inquirer that they are the Bxar and CnaAfasT)nnae.P i » and Boex of all kind*pa banA ^n ' „ - J. D . WXST A C-J , N o . 1T9 Broadway, N .-Y .FXRE A N D BtJRGLAR PROOF SAFES. («* WIU>SK'» PATKWT.")Theboatarticlemade, perfectlyreliableinboththeabora fTtFWss. Alsosion.TranswillleaveS<>uthFerryat10a.m.,3:30, 4:30, 5:35, and 6:46 p. in., returning at2:36 and 11(,W. W . B*coa*» BOXOXAX Pkoox BAHX BXW%%, Secured b yCorxxT'a PATXXT P«itsnjTATio» BAITX LOOT. Woboo*onhand,atourbinwSroxx,No.«2SBKOAX>WAT,a laa-g* and eocnptet* u M i u w u t o f the above Bazas, t o wuloh w e. .round one o f 10,000 upon the hardest canvass, a n d thelargestvoteeveryknown. AnyState ia-a£ perfect liberty to do better; but has she not dona eminently well?When men epend money with a large chance of gettingnothioginreturn,theywill,atleast,a&ve theirreputationfordignityiftheykeeptheirtem- per, though the money should prove a deadloaa.bavtt* tho attention of the pubncNo. 325 Broadway, cor. of"Worto-st., N. Y .GAS FIXTVRKS and GAS FITTING. No.TOTBroadway No. 7OT..ThoLargeatand Best Selected Assortment OASFucxokaa*sj>FKXXCHBKW*>Z*»kithecity,forsaleatculate|there delight in belying us. Whatwould it prove, then, if the South, thus deceived, Wise laughs at that. H e can remember, so he kind-hearted gallery to tears. Asboth DemocraticV x x x2«ow Paucpaa, byUmrHUii P M I L B I X , No 7«J7Broadway,TheGovernor'smemoryiucertainlyextraordinary—almostasmuchBOasMBgiftof.seeingthefuture.But, though the ex-Governor does not carefor pair will furnish an entertaining, not to say thrill-Between Washtogton.place and -ith-st. SAPKCAL CURE op~HBRNiA.--br. S. N."1IARS~H,,son and Patrick Henry. But the ears of theSouth aie stopped against U3 while crammed with odds, neither does he expect anything of the sort. ing, chapter. For ourselves, being by birth and The last «um tent to Pennsylvania by the FusionBUs>M*X O^iua Txoaa toaUcaae* of rupture, however compli- «>»tsA A visittotheirestablishmentwUisatisfypatient*ortheir yfcysictone that be i*prepared to treat allo*«ea requiring mechan- fesd strraery vwith skill and aneeeaa. Aluo, a large aasortajent of sdJk.aa/Li*iethreadeiasticStooaingaforvericoaevein.,Feosale ^era. Shoulder braces, improved suspensory bandages,' for physical deformttlea."ship."n^gro, with the command, "Thou abaft worshipfactthattheSouthfearsusismade a reasonforbeallonhisside. TheNorthernfanaticswillhaveboth bauds full, he thinks, to hold their own against"ourfriends,""theNortherndefendersofSouth-e r n rights; "and, besides the capture o f Wash-atthistime,wewouldremindthecombatantsoftheornithological fact stated by the lateDr. Itaac Watts in regard to the agree-ment of birds in their little, nests, and of thefchamefulcess of the Bight, when children of one Central and Western Nov/-York waa $50,000. family fall out and rageand fight. Wo have never,iW &SrxAXtra A MAKTIX,o f *patriots stood firm and won the contest against pressthe gentle hope that they will disagree with someoftbem in single file. The entire force of Press—and we will convince the South that our more than fifty—more than a hundred millions. the fiBhee that eat them. Whenever the historian•^a-abomination, and every infamous purpose. Thefact, then—if it were a fact—that the South unani • noon,aroastedoxandotherviandswillbeserved mouslydreadsandhatesuswouldbeinconclusive,standing on pretty much the same level, and to be enforced, if need be, by much the same means.Theex-Governor, therefore, in.case Lincolnand all other* who chooee to visit them, with abaibecue a t Brushville, near Jamaica, to-day. A tfarm nao,£ still look upon West'* jfump of the ordinary siae, up. The intellectual feast will begin at 2 p. m., in view, of the fact that the South has never should be elected—which may now be set downas i beet that 1 am acquainted wi>.h, i t being all iron,'not liable,t o arft oat o f repair, and e*«Uy lepafred i f i t doe*, and aotJbUole when Gov. Chase of Ohio, the Hon. Wm. Penning- fairly heard us. Even when a Southern man, like"around thohouse.' Wehave baaib:Ce-puu>pa in plenty ofMass.,Geo.W.Curtis,eeq.,andahostofother holdingWhites,thecirculationofthatbookinthe beOco BOW. bat none to equal West's Improved Double-Ac.ihg,2*,*4lli.51!Anti-Fx«ea£x«'Lifting and >oroln* Fainp, .old by J. D. Wnar tc Co.,ho,i"5vBro*dw»v N.Y Tu*Pompi.wonderfu.lysimple aridpowerful,and will«>orkwithequaloe*otyiudeepwoliaor ah*Jlow wateora, throwing a stream to a great distance. It is shown hero by Mix. tVeii*, * acieutiac gen.leujan, woo sell* and oiecta the oelebrated Otis Lightning Kod*."gentlemen, are expected to address the assemblage. Intheevening,therewillbeagrandWide-Awake torchlight processsion, and an old-fashioaed Long Island.Clam-Bake. TbeLong Island Railroad Com-South is sternly prohibited, while garbled quota- tionsfrom it,whichgivenofairideaofits scope and spirit, are freely disseminated and incessantly harped upon to excite or deepen prejudice againstApparent Republican majority in the StateThe Journal thick* the Official Canvass may pos- sibly reduce thia to 9,&)0—not lower. That will do. Of course, every man on the R^publican State ticket is elected,alongwith7ofthe11Membersof Congress, and a Republican majority in both branches of the Legislature.• • ' • •mous calumnies ? Havethey were mistakenknowledge or suspicion that any such raid w a s meditated until long after it occurred ? And mightv«U«r'''»**?•looking and beat marching section! were those o fthe Bell and Everett men, who have very closelyimitated th e famous Wide-Awake organization.Broadway Jwas well filled, but not half so manypeoplecame outto see asontheoccasionofthe notthesegentlemenbebetteremployedinundoing Bepnblican parade. T h e exhibition seemed to their past wrongs than in urging the effect of their>therefore everything went off not only peaceably, but with unexpected dullness. ;The steamer City of Washington, with Europeanthat which immediately preceded ,it in February"comes from THE TRIBUNE and from one of its to suppose that to be wha't the South wanted? "correspondents, not from Mr. Wilson bimaell" Did he not know that, to vTiR those heart*' andTOWER CLOCKS, BEGULATORS, AND OFFICE downwardtendencyinbreadstuff's. Consols,93J- storyshouldbestartedthatMr.Wm.B.Aster whowerepresentandheardmyspeechof1855.Iherewithsend rogueswithoutcash. Aaitis,hemusttakehi*•CLOCXS—the most acaurste timekeepers in the iforid.V i A««— SPJKKT k Co., No. 487 Broadway.CONSUMPTION.—ItiswellkaownthatHOLLO- WAT'a OnrouRST penetrates to the liver, lnnp. kidneys, ttc^ and arrest*theavostviolent taflammstion, erantheinotpientstages of Constmption, while his JJlWC*purify the blood and expel taesaid certificate. I t was published in all onr papers i n t h e Ilndpay in the general ruin of hia party and in tha» hopeful darkness of hia own political proapecta. He may deem thia sufficient, but, aa Lord Baooa aay«, " He that atudieth revenge, keepetH hia ownImmediate pauses. •S P A I D I N G S P R E P A R E D GLITE. **ETorybodyshouldhaieabottle-"—[Tribune."This year I was made a contingent Elector for the State atour columns to-day their final appeal to our citi- to test the truth of this statement, let him start the large i n Indiana on t h e Republican ticket, and t h e counterfeit " wounds green." I n one o f Hogarth'a electioazensfor[sympathyandvotes. Thisisasensible storyandseewhathewillmakebyit. Soofthe DemocracyharerepublishedthatlieinallpartsoftheWo.t prints,anenthuaiaaticfreeholderispresentedinFOR SAWB ETBRTWHBK«- Manufaoturedby H . C. SPALDING tc Co., No. 18 Cedar-st.Poai-OfBce address. Box No. 8,808.t>WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1860.R E P U B L I C A N N O M I N A T I O N S .Federal Union. I f anybody believed it was aboutto come to grief, to be dissolved utterly, to pass T H E T R I B U N E in the dispensation o f its commer- into new hands, or even to be struggled for by twowhere there wasa foreign population. It hasbeenfollowed, theactofsawingoffthe sign-beam, attheendof however, b y the refutation, and I think i t has dene no harm.WILLIAMl..JomrA• S..Enwaxr>a W . Pisxa.S..ASVUW GaJUUOAX. 4..jAXxaBjru.T. S..Sio»xcxn KjLvrujLsra. 6..E&XOKXICZ KAPP. .- 7..WjusniifQTOjr SXITX. S..WIXUAX A D+MXJH9. 9.. WiLLiaji H . RosnxTBoa'.10..Oxoxex St. Oxixx.. ll..Etr?T8 BL Kure. 13..JACOB B. CxRPximx. 13..JOHHF.WufSLOW. , 14..JACOB BL TXN ETOK. 15..N. Enaoir SHXu>o2r.For GovernorFor Lieutena-n>G»**mor For Canal Commi-ioner......EDWIN 9 . MOEGAN. ROBERT CAMPBELL. SAMUEL EL BARNES.T I I KFor hupectorofState Priam*.....JAMESTO OOBMJB8FOJCfDXNT8.K . BATES.•H e will b e aC.BRYANT,JAMES O.PUTNAM.Enra.17.. ABUAHBXOXWXVB. 1S..BDBKXT CXXTSOHUJIU. 19..JAXBS R. AXAABMr. 20..BXX.*.N. HwrKjrerox S1..SHBKSUK D. PKXLJri. 23..JOKX J. FOOTX.23..HIXAM DXWXT.24.. JAKBS L . VOOXKSWJ. 25..WILIIAM VAB MASTSS. Z6..JOHS E . SBBXJIT. S7..FXAITK L. Jama,33..JAXH3 S . WAnsWOXXB. 29..EIKA M. PAKSOM*. 80..6XAXZ.U C. PAXXXX. 81..EU8XA S. WHAMUT. ' 33.. JOH« Qxaifixx, JK.16..EO»*XIS. HiaauS3..JAXM PAXXXX.States joyfully anticipate and desire the election always sureandprompt; and by bankers who buy, which it serves would be too much injured byber or reflection. When he arises the next morn- ing, he will shave himself, take, hia cock-tail, eat his breakfast, read his newspaper, and light hia cigar again. What will he do then? The busi-Diitrictt:No notice oam bo taken o f Anonymous Ck>romurdoatione. sreriaintendedforinsertion must beauthenticatedbythe name and address of the writer—not neoeaaartly for publioe-tton but as a guaranty for his good faith.Business letters should in al> eases bo addressed to T x xNxw-Y oatx TxxBtnrx.W o oaa&ot|aadertake t o return rejected Coavnrmications,man's devising.Now, isn't it about time that this insane gabblethat family's sake, take better care of himsell H e isn"'WroamingthroughtheSouthern Swites with no very precise aim , making speeches wherever and whenever he can obtain an audience. Ia every- thing but his legs,he reminds us of Alcibiades, who,What-for.money, and 93i©93| for account.was about to fail, and if it were generallybelieved,itwouldbedifficulttoeellhisnotes*at thatinourdistrict,whichhasaverylargeforeignpopulation,Mr. English's msjozity over me in 1858 was near 1,0C0 less than ttwasinl856.TDHCEPARTINGSHRIEK,move on |their part; but is it not a little mean inthe greatjCotton interest, which rigidly proscribesTours very truly, JOHN M . WILSON. New-Albany, I n d , Oct. 18,1860.The certificate to which Mr. Wilson refers, i s aa follows:"The undersigned, citizens of Sdein, having seen in The WathingUm Democrat ofthe16thintt,anarticlepurportingtowhich he ia seated. One can easily see where hawill be when t h e crash ahalLcome. A n d wherewill Mr. Douglas be when the Democ ratic party iautterly destroyed? where b u t in the mud and thacial patronage, to claim the use of our columns when they wish to make a last desperate effort to carry an electiont We shall never shut them out, solong asthey usedecent languageandrefrain f r o m l i b e l s ; b u t t h e y d o n o t e x p e c t u s t o t h a n k them for'Buoh patronage; and we tell them that, whilethe slaveholding and^cotton-buying interest does its utmost to shut our paper out of the Slave States and cripple its circulation everywhere, w e hold it exceedingly shabby in them to avail them- selvesofjitsgreatcirculationtoadvancetheirpar- tisanends. '•'•irBut, jet us tell these gentlemen a little plain truth, whereof they eeem to stand inpressing need. , j • ''.••' _V 'They say that the Slave States " are in a cOndi- " tion of alarm and intense excitement" in view of the probable triumph of the Republicans—that " we find the entire people of the.South filled withhostile parties, capitalists would be careful howthey took any bonds of its making.. Somebody hasstartedthatstory,andlong-headedbankersnever-thelessgiveoneandahalfpercentioitheprivilegemirewithit? TheroostersinMr.Douglasaad- be a part of a speech delivered in this place in 8eptexuber, I'itS, vertisement in The Confederacy newspaper lookbabeshavebeen seized byaPro-Slaverymoband hung or shot without a shadow of legal warrant or vague suspicion that they were concerned in plots for slave inBurrectious which never had an exist- ence. AReignofTerrorhasbeencreatedthrough-about Disunion should come to an end 1forapoormanfromthel^orthto befound there.The manifest intent o f the dominant aristocracy ofhimselfto meandering in Asia,alive in his own house by the pitiless 'Pharnabazus. TheStephens,heshouldremember, were martyrsdenlolish the imputation of " Sectionalism."•—But suppose it were otherwise-rsuppose no nounced Union mar. He admits, indeed, the arefilledwithwonder. Nodeadmaneversocan-Republican dare vote our ticket in any Slave StateThe Republicans of the VIlTth Congressional —what would that prove? W e are systematically remedy for which he has no relish. After all, was nothing to this; while, in respect of wind,thedenied a hearing in those States—our newspapers crazy as the ex-Goveinor is, there is some method destroyed by mob dictates in violation of "the in his madness.. H e does not like the idea ofautomaton trumpet-player is reduced in comparisonDistrict meet. to-night t o ratify the nomination o fAbram Wakeman. A godly number of capitalspeakers are announced, and the meeting will no "Rights of Property," of which our adversaries seeing"Virginia a border State. H e does not like appointed and disgusted, usually retire to some doubt be a rouser. The Republicans of the Dis- prate so much, as well as of the Freedom of the to yield up her claims to the Army and Navy,the eilent and boundless contiguity of shade, and theretrict work as though they meant to elect their can- didate,andthereis everyprospect thattheywill succeed.who in the broad blaze of day and in the market- TheRepublicansofQueensCountywillenter- tiouspresshabituallyfillstheearsoftheSouth righttotheUnionthanhisrighttohisnegro placeexhibitshis-sores. Heremindsusofoneoftain,theirfriendsfromallsectionsofLongIsland, with charges against usof every crime, every property,bothofwhichhe seems to considerastho«e Italian wanderers who sometimes oall upoa us with a greasy petition setting forth t h e entire destruction of thevagract's charming villa by an eruption of Mount Vesuvius. H e reminds us, to venture upon a different comparison, o f a defeated rooster, who has been compelled to fly, but, upon hearing his antagonist's clarion, returns, again t o be roweled and again to retreat. Though he is like the skylark of the poet, merely " a wandering "voice,"jetheiscapablestillofmischief,andof crying "boo!" toBreckinridge. Asregardsthat unfortunate Vice-President, Mr. Douglas seems to feel as Bertram in Maturin's pimecto tragedy felt towaid St. Aldobrand, when the outlaw cried: "Othat weweie onthedark,wave together, " with but one plank between us and der " btructioo, that I might grasp him in "thesedesperatearms,andplungewithhimbe-deadly enemies, is trumpeted through the Southasp. m. The deuioubiration will undoubtedly be in a Republican utterance—though no other party will enlist in it, and march to the rescue. H eeverylespectwortnyoftheRepublicanyeomanry of old Queens.*»Capt.Rjndere'a display last nightwasgreatin South, while thoBe that are allowed to cir-point o f numbers, remarkable for want o f order,and decidedly tame in enthusiasm.,. The variousdetachments marched in entire independence of were unanimously hostile to us ? Give us our Con- each other some of them eight or ten abreast, and stitutional rights—give us.Free Speech and a Free;Indiananeverbutoncebefore(in1854)gavetheCustom-Housr, PostOffice,NavyYard,and sentimentsaiethosewhichourfathersweretaught City Inspector's Department wasout,,andthe byherownWashingtonandJefferBon, herMadi-shallwriteoftheDeclineandFalloftheDemo-various Ward ABscciatioDs in this City and Brook- lyn were well represented. T h e most pregnantof tho weBrknowa hou*e o f MAXSK U. CO., NO. 2 Veaey-st., N .%, devotesspecialattentiontotheaurgici!adapt*,iwioftola mottowtsthedespairingcry,"Don'tgiveupthe theliesofouradversaries,andthenthealleged Heteemstocalculatejindeed,thattheoddawilf educationgood-natured,andspeciallygood-naturedCommittee,justprevioustotheStateelection,waa $30,000,andtheirchagrin/isunbaundedthatthe retuin waa a majority against them of rather mere vote*thantheyaenfcdollar*. TAelaataumsentAmongotherswenoticedapictureofa" no God but me;" " Faugh a BaUagh;" " Valen- " tine's Old Bourbon Whisky;' "May the bestNayv more: We note among the signers of. thisout by thatCommitteet o 'tVaruraldistrict*o fdepriving us of all opportunity hastotallymisrepresentedus!to. provethat sheREJOICE, YK SCFFERERS .'—RISE, YB BED&ID- "Whieky Win;" "By the Eternal! the Union, Fusion appeal the names of several membersof ington, allthe Southernarmy will have to do willKarCKirr£k«!-'DK.ToBtAj»'» VX^XTIA^ LinxxxT c*a now be the deBtruction and annihilation of Southernprocured. It ia Warranted a speedy o r e for Chronio Rheu- "shall be preserved;" and " B ig Thing!" The that F^fth Avenue Hotel Committee which, onlyCoJio Cramp,Out*,Pains of allkinds, ornooay. Do traitors. Helooksforwardtoaneighborhoodwar; toourknowledge, "smashed themachine." TheWithout doubt, the reault will be about a vote and a half for each dollar in favor of the Republican ticket, atd it ia not Impoaaible that the whole $100,000raisedtobeexpendedinthatregionmay- bebalanced byair^joiityofexactlythat number ofvotes. ThernwwjywaaBomet'tmesfreelygiven, andsometimett0t;forwelearnthateonaiderable sumswere^aaaessedonmanydrygo>dah.ou<eawho haveb,utlittle mear;8and'•smaller'yritt to:f[Vr«foxact i M when y o u can be iu»t*»tly teVutrod. Price 2J »ud 90 spirit of the people along the line was that of easy one year ago, suborned the fugitive rascal ForbosDepot ho- »> Cotutiaadt-at.,- .tysw*York. SoM by aU the iodifference, and cheers from the masses were sig- to utter his infamous lie« whereby Gov. Seward war at both ends and in the center; war at the performance of that revengeful aot may bring a'THJBSTERBOSCOPIC EMPORItnvl, Wholesaleand -gsfsitf T AJCri«>»*»No*«4B/flad*ay.t 'nificantly rare. This chilled the.ardor oftheandotherprominentRepublicanswere implicated inthe[John Brown raid—-lies which were sown broadcastoverourStatetoolatetobe'refuted beforethethenpendingelection. Have;theseNorthaswellaswarattheSouth;anarrayofallthe forcesofconservatitm against Black Republican- ismattheNorthanditstoolsaudpandersattheholycalmtocertainbosoms. Attheaame time, thisambitionmaybegratifiedattoogreat a cost. Thereiseveryreasontobelievethatif thebull who attacked the locomotive had foreseen that ho couldonlydoBOattheexpenaaofhisownoouver.flPIoraT ctorebmer, andthey were generally silent, s&ve, Caisilngans-aextonreceiptofttaxop.,.photographicmaterials whenpassing»heNew.Yoikandafewotherhotels,Thetrotle^ Paichen took PeoplewereorJheavy, ai^dihi hta&sftartr-.* eecoad, third,jjii>saiiii«siwd th» trade. •-' BATCHXXOR'S BUlR DYE, Wig-*«A Toupee'wlu-rethewavingofhandkerchiefsfromba'!coni«2S.;,._-,#¥*«• appliedintheski lightxovm*. . . .satisfactory to the slaveholders.That extraordinary scheme for preserving thecar-platforms and hotel-windows. Computing his first-class efforts each at threeJiours io length, Mr. Douglas will thus declaim one entire day, and nine extrahoursintothebargain,executing hisewan-SerpentBepub. over Dem..JJ4,t^40;196.414 Oohertydo. o»er ail sorts.. 1 3 , 6 5 4 .Federal Treasury, Federal office, aud the Public lands—forattachment toaUofwhich little com-find a sad consolation in nursing and coddling their deepoidency, andiadieting uponrootsandherbs.gallant little Florida will alone raise an army, he• 1• ' • „•-. -•'Ill''- 1aSMB»i \"{'•••aay* such purpof a fumeaaai they cot to bear uponthei their patience a t fo7tnight hence, i havemadeofit.. The Cowrier des Etats Unis, instead of frankly remind ua oV Bdiaatiw taking up a coUectioaf weartheIungraciousofficialstampof "done faleehoodsonthemindoftheSouthasareason admittingthatithasbeendeceived,andacknowl- theonlydifferent^^that the«eedymonarch1' TheHon.Gm <lrawn from the c m l>iatrict; The'.Bj" t o order;". there w a s little spirit a n d n o for keeping their party in power ?.edging that the speech which ithas attributed toMr.JohnM.WilsonofIndianaiaaforgery, weaklyendeavorstodefendthefraud,andtriestomain-did now a^o" then •**»» a copper, whereaaMr. Douglasmust''<*T **•ol*&**m t on e w ktitodagifhe wouldbajf anyrote*. Hemayhave,asa 8heart in; it. . The want of a candi-date was solemnly appreciated, there being nothingto hurra !fdr but "The Union," for which the Wide-Awakescheeredevenmorelustilythanthe cans!presson! Federal office-holders. Early!in the evening, the moreprominentBepnblican banners were furled, andtheroomsclosed, soastopreventeventheatically deluded people of the South.against the1 Republican party. Thus, in its im- . It is instructive to compare the bids for the pression of yesterday, the Courrier urges that " itBONDS AICD "BUGABOO."last. The lowest price paid for portions o f eachwaB par or 100. The highest price paid in Febru- In reply to this suggestion, we ask the attention o f hands, he must stand now upon bis heela and n »wMonday was101-45-100,ornearlyone percentCapeRacelastevening, details ofthebattleof higher. Thedifferenceistobeattributedsolelyto THXTKIBCNXofthe10thlost,underthe title of"The Part/ —thathemustbewith themineveryeccentricitydates,viaJQueenstown, ofthe11thinst., passedSIR:Thespeechattributedtomeandnoticedinthathe difference in the condition of the money market of Forgery," it a forgery. I n the jear 1855,1 made a speech in of a ahiftlesa policy and in every 8U«>terrage of atho town of Salem, Washington Co., Ind., before an aadience ofinFebruaryandOctober;foriftherewereany 5,000or6,000people. In1856,1wasacandidateforCongressin despairingcause? Andhadhereadhittory,hadBURNSEDE'S PURE O L D B Y E WHISKY ia ac- forceofGaribaldi lost from 1,200to2,000men. command a higherprice. The best evidence of YSIS,someonewrotethepretendedspeechandpnbisheditin The do mean work without payment in adVaoce!knowledgedtobeapureandpalatable article,andtothedebili- tatedcommendsitselfasastimulantofthes*testdescrjpdon.Sole Agents, . C. & B. N. WHITK, NO. 6* Cedar-stNonewmovementshadtakenplace.Affairsinthepopularbeliefastothesolvencyefanindivid-ual or a State'is his or its accepted credit. If aSalem Democrat. ItwasImmediatelyrefutedbyacertificateof 50men,nativeandforeign-bornDemocratsasWellasmen be- longirg to the People's party—to which party I then belonged—Any frosty-headed ol4 lawyer could haratold him not to listen for a moment tomoment, and is a more triumphant reply than Wright, L . M. CharlesTsJ^B. Graves, James Martin, Frank Mar-volumes of argument could be to the allegations that any harm to the interests of the country ia to be apprehended from Lincoln's election. It is taken up by all sorts of people for all sorts of pur-tin. Hanson Martin. . „ » , . , - . "The under*igned was present at the Mass Meeting referred to above, and took copiou* notes of M r Wilson's speech, which were published in The Salem 7Vue Flag a f e w days afterward.Ho has no hesitation, theiefore, in pronouncing the pretendt-d speech of Mr. Wilson, aa recently publisLed in The Salem Dem- ocrat, a miserably false and calumnious fabricatdsn from begin- ning to end. H e made n o such speechaa that imputed to him,Still, Mr. Douglaa"gloom!anddismay,"becauseofthatapprehended poses—bySaviDgsBanksseekingthesafestand noranythinglikeit. "n.s.UOPKINS"triumphi Such is not the fact—very far from it. steadiest investment; by individuals who are will- Wilt the Courrier des Etats Unis now admit theA very large minority of the people of the Slave ing to take a low rate of interest, provided it"is forgery 1 Or does it think that the desperate cause water, smoke a cig&r and seek hia sheets for slum-of Lincoln and Hamlin, hailing that event as cer-tain to deliver them from an intolerable despotismwhich pries into their private correspondence, robsthem of the journals they choose to read, andsubjects' them to all manner of abuse and an investment as there can be for anything of have no friends out of hia own family, would, for peril. This very year, men as innocent as unbornsome for foreign account, and some to sell again; but by all because they feel the most abidiig confi- dence in the stability of the Government, and that there are SBmany sureties for the security of suchallowing its readers to see the truth ?wise:.recently delivered at Norfolk, and which is makingits appearance by sections in The Argus of thatcity, still adheres substantially t o tee tremendousprogrammewhichhe promulgatedfouryearsago.Suchofourreadersashavearelishfortheextrava- inthebeginning; andifsomeenlightenedSouthern gant and ridiculous will perhaps recollect that four community, principally of the Breckiuridge per- years ago Gov. Wise—for at that time he was 8uasion,should.treat Mr. Douglas totar or to hemp, Governor of Virginia—proposed, if Fremont should our parallel would be perfect. Between the 24thhates and; maligns us so much as these Garrison aspires, thus commissioned, to play the partofAbolitionists do. W e refute these libels in our David against the giant champion of the Philis-own journals, but these ,are suppressed at the tines. He hopes to meet Douglas in thefield,and " low the weltering billows, and hear him howl for a Republican majority. And she has given thiatomakeLimexperienceinhisownpersonthatthe." life—ha! ha!—ha! ha!"—a passage which, as re-coercionhethreatensisnotsoeasy. As:toodds, citedbythelateMr.Booth,invariablymovedthe says, the time when five millions of American candidate? are fated to go under, we c*n only ex-Congressional District duiing the canvass, and the result wasby John M. wilson, conceiveittobetheirduty,injusticeto Mr Wilsonandtruth,tosdythat thepretended extract ofthe s a i d s p e e c h i s a g r o s s m i s r e p r e s e n t a t i o n f r o m b e g t n u i n g t o e n d ,occasion—that the spirit ana sentiment o f Air. Wilson's speecheightmonthsago. Isnottheconclusion irresisti- werewhollydifferentfromtbatrepresentedbyThe I/emocrat— therebeofthemcomingtolifeagain? TheDem-o f l e n d i n g i t m o n e y a t s o l o w a. r a t e o f i n t e r e s t a sfivepercent—givemorethanthesamemen didbothofthesentimentsandlanguageutteredbyMr.Wilsononthatvery gayandgallant—but suppose them dead,plucked,roasted,andeaten,andwhatchancewould; .Nobody heeds the absurd braggadocio of theB O I G L A HWe wish that Mr.Douglas, although he mayin The Atlanta (Gs.) Confederacy, announces his in- tentionofmakingspeechesalltheway,viaNashville, from Memphis to Mobile—eleven orations in all, toBBLL HYJKRHTT.Court:to a contemptible zephyr. Public men, when dis-cratic Party the savage wrestling* o f this lovely sW A N D E B E B .andwasroasted<:not be considered very inviting.does not seem to lack stomach eo much aa oppor- tunity.When at Mobile, upon th e Fifth o f November, Mr. Douglas has made his last eptech for the sea- son, he will probably take a glass of whisky andness o f "smashing" will be over.politician without a party, a leader without a tail, a general without an wmy, an adventurer withqut hope,a schemer without a project, a bankrupt without a resource, and a politician without a pna- ciple. The- fragments of "the machine Vwill be heaped around him; and as another will be sitting intheWhiteHouseuponthe FifthofMarchMr. Douglas will find the occasion favorable for a varietyofmoralreflection*,whichitwouldbepre- sumptuous for us even t o indicate.,„*;OHIO 1IV FULL.We have before us. in The Ohio State Journal of the22d, the official vote cast at the late Election, by every County in the State of Ohio. The aggro-BXPVBllCAV. DBWOCRATIC. Kor Judge of the HvpremeBiinckexhoff..212854 Smith(Fusion)Republican majority over all sorts .... lit.tMi'l.For Attorney-G-n*ral:21S,2T7 Stamh«ugh..l89 999 Hatcheson... tf64»Repub. over Dpm;...JJ5,5WS? overallsorU....16,63o«For Member of. Board of Public Works:215,254 Ba^k>\«8,115....199ft50 flii.OJO2• W^'tf&rV'v-'i• ":'.V'-''.i'v'--' ••'•\-.\.Untitled Document'',;*&.'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streeti ;<.;_•rk •;••• •••••/'•"••• Yon New 13069Fultowww.fultonhistory.comSBSkSSBSS•mi i I itssa 