 •"?& x>-»r amtuLO £ w ran WKXMIT mitutD'^'S^S^MZTZZI,touchingthequestionofslavery.itistree they had already worthy allies ia the IHktine,•r*JjgTVfi"^ /wthem. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _mmmmof the numerous votes which have beea taken, aad the whole republican party; bat they havethere has bees no one elected to that office BOW a still more congenial and powerful ally Can he longer doubt that he ia aa obstacle i a In the niggerdom o f New York. The AfricaasMO MOTWMtmmtf a*mpiru>bJ O n rf.»c—rf —M»I—I •imHimiThe Hepablieaas 1st Congress Cornered •w Tavarlnw Weed • Taetiee.The programme which toe republican mi-nority i n Coagress are t o persistently a n dOHM IIHIWI'I FBIS-«»gle for the Speakership i n a more important light than that in which it has previously been viewed by the country a t large. By that de- bate it appears that a number o f the national and conservative members hare mutuallyUAU&AD&4JM.o u r s ?TEZArax, at_ _ _ _ _ _ _imimr .-i'unvrisMng them God-speed in their efforts to stay restoration o f peace and confidence, i f the the tide of treason and fanaticism which the policy of equal protection to the rights o f allthe raid of John Brown into Virginia, and be- que&ces, in disunion, division and disorganisa-«*- "•* 'ovumOoaa•*>•»—w> *m* *r«*»»*VBve Agitation in ta\e South and t_e Dis- vrganizatiaa o f the Honse—rhetr Sad FrniU ta Northern Interests.We give i n another column a n important letter from Senator Clay, o f Alabama, o n the pending question of the day, and the rights and duties of the Southern States i n relation toit.The journals and leaders of the abolition- ized republican party are endeavoring to hood- winktoepeopleoftheNorthastotherealto retire*We shall see.A* rtmrtaMMMMTH r-wwed «»-> _ *t * * »W««.T H»«AU rA«u.r=iXimmi YHBEVWJtlKO.aa4J*gTandear aad glowing in the first freshness o f its youth, shall be destroyed b y a handfull ofmm BOWBBT THlATSt BSw«ry.-Mur w n B s K45K0B—V*OU0 Of TO! FAISIS*—FatTS LOTSV9.odious teachings of Seward and bis associates have rolled over the land.Rapidthe Circulation o f tne Herald All Over tht Country.is established as the policy of the federal go- vernment: but i f the aggressive tendencies of the black republican party prevail, then will come to the industrial, commercial and material interests of the Union that division into North-only in keeping with its antecedents f o r t h e IfBrown'sinvasionhadnottakenplace,orRegencytosupportforMayorofNewYork had been deferred a few months, there is little Mr. Havemeyer, la opposition to the candidate3!^ W2Z?Li, trJTZ^Tlb.. or It t»H par »•*•at 11 ^;c , it store, while mm\\*g New Orleans soil s tU ^ c . t a transit, with fretgM atH«d. FJoor was heavy,aad sales moderate, while the lower grades, inciaUjSa*Southern, wen rather easier. Wheat was ttrmi/ held, shed, izjsnrrecticn and civil war shall reign wbBe safe* wera U«ht, the chief tale being CUi««o serialat $1 20. Ccm wastower,wMh sal* of yellow Jersey aadajuthert at ste. a t i c , and Southern new wh-te at Mc aSac ;oW whiteeo. waabeliatSSc a»0c Porx wasfi:tuerwith aalw of awas at sl« 87>i a tie M for old, and new stripe obliterated from i t s flag—or whether do at flTSTH, with prttne at $11 ea.H.and $11 TO fcr the fair edifice, now just assuming i t s full old, and $W for new. Sugars were less active, but steady,With sales of 300 a 400 hhds. a t rates (!re& elsewhere.(Mfee wasfirm;the sales embraced 1,000 hags R*,e«e5TstDomingo,and$00bagsJava,atratesgivenin traitorsandfanatics.another place. Freight engagements were fair, especiallzfor Liverpool and Loadoa, at steady rates.Tha struggle Iter t h e hpe»ker#tilp—Tl*e Heal Uwestloai Before the Country.The recent derelopemenU made b y the discussion In the House o f RepresentatiYes, and more especially those which appeared inBaOADWAT JjOTOOIK. « « lUoa4-»y.--Oee» FOE pledged each other, in writing, t o resist theaad ExtraordinaryIncreasei n. r«Al»CAIB, H i Broadway.—LA JOIS M LA MAISO*-I-» CurtAir DffjrHouoau.• ASNUM'S ABBBICAX MrSBCTI, Broadway—AAsr-meyer was one of the free soil bolters o f theadoption of the plurality rule to the bitter end.L That is, these forty and odd members, repre-senting one-fifth of the whole number of Repre-sentatives, mutually promise and vow to eachother, and t o the country, that i f Congressdoubt that t h e immediate ends o f Messrs. of the national democracy. F o r Mr. Have-aWBXce BALOOa, »readw«r-Ose. CMBiaWs H a aawTaaa Oaua ma me. •ber, or even up to the time when it is dissolved •TBJDIKVK, Brooklyn -WooWi Unrtraxu is Bnuenui by law—the fourth of March, eighteen hundredm a i n awaa Oapeas asausaess, Ja\-shm, Dars should remain unorganized until next Novem-So.iua. DAJOM. ha-Mw Taia Caua.WASniNGTOS HAUL Wt^iama'mrg.—DSATIOK'S P1.SIOB adoption o f the plurality rule, whereby John advertising recently given to it b y Congressorganization o f the House o f Representatives, by banding together the members of the South in sufficient numbers t o prevent by all proper and parliamentary means "the passage of the plurality rule, which would be equivalent to, Otiranu.• •w York, Saturday, J a i u r f »*• 1800.The Mews.The Circassian arrived at St Johns, N. F., yester-Sherman, or any other candidate for Speaker of the same stripe, may be forced upon the majo-and the abolitionists. Both seem to have taken onr interests into their especial safe keeping,lasteveningfromBoston.*Wepublishaverysignificant article from the London Post, the gov-ernment organ, on England's hopes of regainingher power on the American continent by means ofthe '-irrepressible cenflict," with other interestingextracts, and a very important letter from our correspondent in S t Petersburg, relative t o the new the control of the House. These members re-aredoingallouradvertisingforusin logicalrightandexistingtiesandinterestsin circumstances,havebeeninstructeduotto Mr.O'OonortoanIrishnum.Itwisunfortunatethaithat region. B y accusing u s o f ftirnishing society. They have preached a crusade o f the abate from their instructions one jot; not even he belonged to any race a t an. If Charles O'Oonor had stood op in tbo wildest district of Ireland the men wealdsystem of rule likely to be Inaugurated in Italy by cognise to the fullest extent their responsibili-present position is also given.Advices from Venezuela, dated at Laguayra onthe 14th art, state that in the provinces of Carac- cas and Cuvtalobn there remained some parties who had committed various assassinations and set several houses on fire. All the valleys o f Burli- vtnto were in a state of pacification. The elections continued in all the provinces, and it was thoughtthe new Congress would bet installed in February or March.By the hark Venus, Capt. Atkinson, arrived at this port yesterday morning front Curacoa, we learn that the yellow fever was prevaiing among the troopsof more consequence than the mere question ofwho shall s i t i n the Speakers chair, and whatother things which imply more than sovereign power, they have stimulated a curiosity, the effects of which are telling upon our businessslave. Theft, arson, murder, rebellion a n d are becoming terrified at being justly held re-daughters, aad reduce m all to slavery. Toe name ef OConor had become infamous. Re had secu mothers f-hudder as his name was mentioned, aad children treat ble and draw closer to their mothers' arms.Dr. McCnne Smith followed up the attack, but i n a milder form than the clerical great gun. Then Stephen D . Douglass, who gave the Supreme Court of the United States a taste of his quality, pronounced Mr. O'Conor, in charity, 'insane." Next, o n e Titus saidl l " Charles O'Conor was a snake, and had gone on bis belly and licked the dust; t h e ungrate: ful wretch had come to this country, and had turned round and undertaken t o appropriate the blood and bodies o f fellow-dtizeaa^T the country; he knew they had found the manwho had struck Billy Patterson/' Another gemntan of color declared Mr. O'Conor - a s k iBut the greatest onslaught o f all was by Jere- miah Powers, an ebony fugitive from the same Southern State a s Hinton Rowan Helper . H e said: -Be did not think the game was woi tb the shot Charity ' O'Conor did not oxprcss the views o f us Arae.-Kaui est* zens at the Academy o f Music. He was a profess iooai liar, and if he had not lied more successfully than wk*a he followed bricklaying, he would probably hare bees laying bricks now. If Mr. O'Conor could only se*» th« beautiful Irish women, with their black husbands aad oarling Uttie babies, sir—(great laughter)—if he could gu throughout the country, and find the nice, beautifu Irish women, with some o f t h e blackest kind o f husbands you over saw, and their nice little daruag babies, a s dear to them a s O'Conor's baby is to him, Ctarlos O'Conor might argue until the Academy of Music fell in upon him before he would make those noble, b"»". tifulIrishwomenbehoveit.Onespeechofanyoneof the principal colcrcd^peakers would be snfiicient to dr<rc the damnable lies "f Charles O'Conor like dew before the sun. Thedollarwasthemovingpowerofthiscountry Let a nigger murder a man to night, and take ten thon sand dollars to Charles O'Conor, lie would take him to heaven by telegraph.at that place.ease, and left in the hospital there three others sick.The Venus lest one man by the dis-sition, in which he said he would never explain at book. The sentiments expressed in that vo- length his views with reference t o the Helper lume form their real platform. The declara-Could the organ o f the Regency say more,book until the resolution declaring the endorsers of that volume ontit to beSjpeaker was withdrawn.. Mr. Clark, the mover of the resolution, asserted his intention to persist in pressing the resolution alluded to.Therewasmuchbadfeelingmanifestedthrough- out the session, and the House finally adjourned till Monday.Beaif. Old Browns Secretary o f Stats, has ar- rived in Washington, and will be examined before the Senate Harper's Ferry Investigating Committee to-day. Some important revelations am looked for. as it is understood Le will unreservedly confess all he knows respecting the foray of Brown. Sub- poenas have been issued for Giddings, Lawrence,tfaaacro and others, and i t i s said that probably Senator Wilson will be called on to testify before the committee.Despatches from our Minister in Mexico have been received a t the State Department. Ha re- ports no change o f Importance i n the aapeet o f aanirs.Several subjects of importance were acted oa by the Legislature yesterday. la the Senate bills were reported relative t o division fences, to thetion of principles upon which they conducted the last Presidential campaign, the platforms put forward at Saratoga, Pittsburg and Phila- delphia were, after the manner of honey, used to catch political flies. Their real sentiments are expressed in the Helper book, the philoso- phy o f which i s that t h e non-elaveholding whites o f the South should assist the negroes in obtaining their freedom, by any means, fair or foul. Mr. Seward's Rochester manifestowas a philosophical echo o f the theories o fHelper's book. I t received a practical exempliflcatlon In the recent raid o f John Browninto Virginia. And it appears now, by the tes"timony of the Chevalier Webb, that the leadersof the republican party are more deeply in-volved in the publication of the Helper bookthan was previously imagined. It is now statedthat the work was absolutely prepared underof the country in the Presidential election.CoRroiuTTOx Conitrrnoy AND CORPORATION ELOQUENCE.—The streets o f New York a t this moment are the dirtiest in the world; but there aresomethingsinthiscitystilldirtierthan the streets; and those art' t h e tongues o f the members o f t h e Common Council. A t th>* meeting of the Board o f Aldermen o n Thurs- day night, the public were treated t o a speci- men of vulgar language and opprobrious epi- thets rarely to be heard outside o f the vilestdens in this city. The snbject of this languageof the common weal overwhelms all scruples and all desire for compensation.Bat the election o f Sherman, b y whatever means obtained, can only increase the popular agitation in the South, and augment the danger to every Northern interest. T h e industrial and commercial separation between the North and the South will receive from it a mighty impulse. It will begin by the cessation of the use of Northern luxuries, to be followed by the stimulus of home production and direct impor- tation of necessaries, and the demand of specie for the cotton, sugar and tobacco which North-with respeot to the relative claims o f indi- viduals for the Presidency, the factions existing in their ranks would more than overthrow Mr. Sewardiftheywere permitted tobecomepieces o f Mr. O'Conor s arguments, together with a number o f political quotations about Ireland, It turned out. as everybody i n New York knows, that the unhappy victim o f the blackfusiladcisnotanIrishmanatall,hattea hufe introduced was one enlarging the powers of Court* of Oyer sad Terminer, and establishing a Board on Pardons; also oae relative to unclaimed depoatta la awvmgv banks. The bJU to compel at- taadaaceof'wtaaaaabefta*municipaloommitteestooresponsibilitytheyhaveincurredbythis endorsement; but the beet and most conclusive proof that can b e offered against them is af- fordedbytheirowncoarse.Notoneofthem has the pluck to rise i n his place in Congresstongues are dirtier than the streets.Touching the statements we made relative torivers would lessen greatly in extent, and thethe army of Italy; and, though last, not least, their appearance in that city, will be taken care the threat o f the Sardinian government t o of—every man o f them safely lodged i n t h eaCityt-odnced. W a %aW^ SfSjSSJHKraSl^HBr SrUSWlocalbiBawerein- specialJj7he thathe isasreputableacandidateas hispartycantndIntheirranks. Thequestion is one purely impawn. It is toe beginningthatinformationisbeing collected and pre- paration made i n another quarter t o l a y the management of the late Corporation be-theforeignpolicy ofthe French governmentnumberofherfri.ndsaadthoseofherhdsbat.:,fcfiia themoratrptraintobepresentatthsbuiial.Tine Volcsmo -Mount.lm o n thr atamScso f efts Uualsoa.TO TBK EDITOB OS TUR WJUXI'.Inoticedinyourissueoftodayanattemptatai egregioushumbugtotheshapecfadescriptionofa"TW- csniceruption' inBreakneckMountain, inPataaacos ty, N. Y. I have for the hut twenty years reakted wahin %rsea,. far i.u4countyofMewTerktftfftoecurreaiy*!!^ltl!L0Lfh•iTnlo,l * *•*•Staioaunder toeccnstHutioB.ft i,•» fa**^ „ w dthe commencement of toe PreaU^u,,d e cfore the Grand Jury, aad it is very likely ceedln-s In Congress yesterday were interest- thattheeloquentIndividualwhomadesuchaIlag,particularlyastheyrelatedtothecollo-choicedisplayoflanguageonThursdaynightwill have an opportunity of ventilatinghiscarry out the plans shadowed forth in that pamphlet,which,infact, henow virtually endorses.agreeduponbytoeCOBUBOBCoaadl.aroIowaquybetweenMr.Sherman,theblackrepubli- can candidate for Speaker, and Mr. Clark, o fFor * i • n!r r *U * • « » • e # » * $>« • a • • i•nNEW YORK KEBALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1860.:::_Z53, I t appears, did not suit t h e but he will not do s o unless Mr. Clark with- it a misdemeanor t o charge m e t tban < ce cent matter o f small ccojequenee who a r e t h e taste c f tie Common Council. The'Corpora- draws h i s resolutions, which Mr. C. has d e -ilafcux I?*t--e k':J introduced in tl? Senate asking ccrflest c f principles, not o f men. I t i s aNEW YORK HERALD.f*!:iageforcrossingtheBastr'.-cr between cirdld-itcaforSpeakerorforPresident;and aitittoMuuiscasfiii. BridgedirectandRedHookpoint,Bri<oki>::.It tils f:.;i makes tie issue oae c f the most im- aril! be seen that the financial affairs o f the Union portant tiat has ever been presented to any0# ItAiSAO - K » -OXTOm STS. Ferr> Company are pretty thoroughly overhauled.Tu ccttc- market was excited yeste:*»j. w-'•> tac sutler:. Taat question and that issue is whe-tionarcCiistakan,fcsrsver,iftheyfancy they can frighten or bully us into employing any aaslstaBto to please their views, or dismiss aay at their will, as long as they faithfully per-covers that his name stands as a b-rrier to anorganization he will retire from the field. C o n assaults o n the positions of Charles O'Conor«£7 !*<« ** eaks embraced T.ito'aewi, laetaemg sbcat 4 J » ia ther c r s o t t h e Union, cemented with t h e form their duty. We believe that the Investi-trie»:t Piice*closedata^faj^aradvanceof<{c.parib., maUr-g&**h*1*|mproremeItttM»we*kequalto'i©-P*rwbleed of cur fathers, shall stand-tier or not therights ofthereign States, gwtfonteed to them hy compactvehallWaBsowtaaV-wBether peace, prosperity and happiness, or' aaarchy, blood-Commltteeintendto commence opera- ins next week. Lotus again remind them that the most important witness they can summon is the District Attorney, and l e t him bo care- fully enjoined t o bring a l l his papers beforegresshaa now been in session eight weeks, aadup to tola time Mr. Sherman baa been the onlyrepublican candidate for Speaker, aad despite too Times, the Post, the CbwHerand Enquirer,« new quote mMdl!n« uplandand sixty-one—they will never agree t o t h e ing for the fact other than b y the gratuitousbeen regarded as the mere abstractions o f a now when he occupies again the same ground fanatic. T h e logical a s well a s chrono- he did ia the former struggle for ascendancy logical order, however, in which the "irrepres- between the worshippers of the almighty nig- sible conflict'' speech at Rochester; the wide ger and those who have some respect for white dissemination of the "Impending Crisis,'' under men's rights aad liberties.the auspices o f eixty-eight members of Con.*? On Thursday evening a mass meeting of theAnd they are right, perfectly right, In so gress. and themurderous foray atHarper's coloredmenofNewYork came totherescueclique shall control the spoils of the House,The question i s not s o much who shall b e returns in the most agreeable and satisfactorythis: r-o do all of the conservative, national men These theories have now been taken up b y in Congress; and they have, therefore, withSpeaker of the House, but who shall b e the next President of the United States, and, Indeed, whether or not there shall b e another Presi- dent—whether or not the States of this Unionway. Not content with puffing u s i n this indirect manner, the party seem bent in their conventions ( a s a t Rochester and Auburn), upon giving Increased currency to our journal by eulogising the superior accuracy of its re- ports, and thus rendering its perusal a matter of indispensable necessity i n the present ex-cited and agitated state o f the public mind.We are not vain enough to suppose that these results have been calculated o h the part of their authors. Neither, it may be inferred, haveSeward, endorsed by Sherman and sixty-sevenof his companions in Congress, and endeavoredto be put in practice by John Brown. I t maybe and it may not b e true that the practicaloperations at Harper's Ferry came a littlesooner than the black republican party and itsleaders desired. Some o f them, but not all,and not even t h e majority, hesitate t o claim their position they would have instantly John Brown as their apostle, martyr and saint,shall continue to be united.things, and being fully aware that the country looks to them to restore peace and harmony between the States, to revive trade and to sup-press the present agitation, the conservative members have bound themselves by an agree" ment, which is perfectly fair, legal, parliamen-great foresight and wisdom, nailed their own colors to the mast. At the same time they com- pel their adversaries to remain in a n unfortu- nate, disgvaceful attitude, where they are be- coming t h e scorn and laughing stock o f a who despise bad and inefficient generalship.Our Havana correspondent, writing on the lothinat, states that there was a good deal of bad feel- tary, and eminently patriotic. I t i s o n e i n the further consequences to which they mustand assert that they desire to destroy the South and its institutions only through and by the law.It matters little whether they attain their end b y wresting the law to their purposes, or by defying the law, as several o f the black re- publican State Legislatures have done in the case o f the Fugitive Slave law. The results will in either case b e th e same. The South must defend i t s rights, its interests, its pro- perty and the lives and homes o f Its people. It must resist the efforts of the abolitionists toobtain control of the law making power; and the first stop in this resistance is to prevent flie election of Sherman as Speaker, who has placedchanged front, after the outrage upon Virginia and the South had been committed, Sherman and a l l o f t h e endorsers o f Helper's book would have been dropped, and, with the tact that the occasion required, Gilmer o r Hick- man, or some such man, would have been put into the Speaker's chair by an overwhelming majority. They would then have had control of all of the committees, and could have forti- fied themselves impregnably b y searching work through investigating committees Into the endless series o f frauds, peculations and robberies which have disgraced the various de- partments of the federal go\ ernment under de- mocratic administrations. T h e issues before the country would have been changed, a n d they would have attained a field o f action wheretheycouldhavecombattcdwithnearly a certainty of victory.ing existing in official circles relative to the conclu- which they will be sustained by patriotic menlead occurred t o them. They have merely acted from those wild instincts which of late seem to have governed all their proceedings, and which have led them into so many singular and fatal blenders. If they had any sense they would have seen that the largo addition whichsion of the McLane-Ocampo treaty In Mexico. T h e United # u t e s steamer Mohawk left Havana for a cruise on the 14th Inst Silas Dailey, an American, had been stabbed and robbed in the streets of Havana. *By the brig Alma, Capt. Brown, we have dates from Nassau, N. P., to the 11th inst. A general elect tion for members o f the House of Assembly took plaoe on the several islands between the 29th and 25th December , which resulted in a majority against the governmentof all parties.The only argument that can b e brought tobear against this noble and determined standtaken by the opponents of the plurality rule isKnowing all thesethat the precedents of the House are againstthem. B u t t h e cases o f Messrs. Cobb a n d they are making to our circulation in the WestBanks are not a t a ll like that o f Sherman- When t h e t w o gentlemen beforementioned were elevated t o the Speaker's chair there-must change the current of abolition and black republican feeling in that region, for by having presented to them sound and forcible views of the issues upon which the fate of the Union now hangs, its people will soon be convincedwasn o vitalquestion, n oall-importantOur reports from Washington are interesting.The Senate was not in session yesterday. T h e of Speaker w a s then merely a ques" of the madness o f giving their support to a his hand and seal t o the bloody counsels ofissuebeforet h e country.T L e electionHouse was engaged in a protracted discussion uponpolitical matters, amid unusual confusion and up-roar, both on the Boor of the House and among the;spectatorsinthegalleries. Inthecourseofthedebate Mr. Sherman, the republican nominee forSpeaker, delivered a speech explanatory of Lis po- vocated i n t h e odious and infamous Helper manifest in the extinguishment o f the hopes of danger there i s n o point o f honor, nor anytionofthespoils. Nowthecaseisquite different. The black republican leaders, from Seward down toColfax, have endorsedthe bloody, brutal and revolutionary doctrines ad-Helper,andnowrefusestowithdrawthemtoosuperintendenceofGalushaA.Grow,whocribedasamoremarvellousworkthanthepy-appended the names o f several members o f ramids of Egypt, or than Babylon in the daysEurope.Thenewsthusreceivedissuggestiveingthenumerousterriblewoundshehasre-and significant in three points o f View. First, ceived—every one of them almost mortal—hewe have the confirmation of the retirement o f should so far recover as to be sent a s a dele- Count Walewski from the post of Minister of gate of the national democracy to Charleston,ForeignAffairs;oext,toeappointmentofMar.wehavenodoubtthatthenigger-endorsed delegation e f the Regency, should they makeCongress to a certificate endorsing It. Some of of its glory, as described by Daniel. From the satisfaction of judgments, to cutting kc in the too republican members are now endeavoring, past words and deeds of the New York Corpo- Hudsonriver,andvariouslocalobjects.Amonginaround-aboutway,toshuffleoutofration,itisnottobewonderedatthattheirmarket on the other. T h e tide o f trade thatnowpoursalongourcanals,railwaysand shalMcMahonastoeCommanderin-Chiefofelection by the Ewimq Post, the Tribunt andthe Times, about some of its members, whose bodiedintoohookunderconsideration. namesthesejournalsgave;aadyetwiththesetheOovernort message, to to, AnmsaaJ,, a re- allegations before the public, several of these Under all these circumstances we must ap- men were elected t o t h e present Commonreward o f labor and o f capital would b epractical and truthful results that must attend sists o n enlisting German recruits into h i sa long continuance of the present abotitionizedblack republican agitation and effort Let thehonest men of the North reflect that the warcalaboose.Ta* Hrnsos Bivra RiuaaAD AouDarr.—Wm. J. coe*, who waa badly injured, is reported to be in a mucli more dangerous condition than was expected. He a etil at the RevereHouse. Tarrytown, aad his physician frommis"? ^ ! i ^ ^ '**'• * htal «"•»«•»». and disavow the treasonable sentiments em- *^Z?*£???T**** ******** »ieservice. Theseof the city of a great struggle, which involves the pre-within our borders—whether the North Ameri- can republic shall maintain its proud position axcojig t h e nations-no itar obscured, n othe way of an organization, and that h e oughthere, from the blackest jet to the faintest aad most sickly whity-brown, hare endorsed too Regency, aad are brought up la force by their leaders t o sustain Its attack on Mr. O'Conor. The niggers are t h e reserve corps of the Re- gency, and DOdonbt by their tremendous on- set the strong positions of the national demo-These are the questions involved in thecocted by Thnrlow Wood, Haskin, Forney, and Sherman himself, aad the agreement entered into was that Sherman should bo Speaker, Forney Clerk o f the House, and Sam Bowles, or some such person, Printer. The republicans not only anticipated a majority, b u t even hoped t e secure, substantially, a coalition o f all of the opposition elements in the House o fCharles O'Conor. bo put horn de combat.This alliance is a natural one. The Regency,la 1846 aad 1847, wore the first t o introdaoa the aigger into the democratic party la this State—thefirmtoputforthaPresidential ticket containing the Wilmot Proviso, by which Geae- ral Cass, the regular democratic candidate, was defeated. The split thus created in the party haa never been thoroughly healed, and i t s coase-struggle for the Speakership.their vital importance to the nation, and view-ing the attitude of Sherman and other endorsers importance of the question which i s agitating of Helper and John Brown in Congress, we the country, from the lakes to the Gulf of Mexi-rity. That this determined opposition t o t h e and to have promoted them with a zeal and anadoption of the plurality rule will b e intensi- energy which are making themselves sensibly the election of Sherman far Speaker.fied as the session proceeds is a matter e f cer- felt.And, consideringare quite satisfied that every good citizen will co, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean, join with us in applauding the action o f the and to the inevitable result which its decisionconservative members, and in urging them t o must bring t o every interest in the North asWAJLLAOralOitU,imlnr-lnunTOthedebateoflastThursday,presentthestrug-resistthepluralityruletotheend,andinwellasintheSouth.ThatreeultwillbetheRepresentatives.Thiswas,however,beforeday. front Galway, with news t o the 7th instant, tainty, for i t i s only now that the country is In the great West the increase in the circula- doing. The question for them is a question o f Ferry, succeeded each other, made it evident of the Regency, and, to do them justice, theirtwo days later. It was still undecided if the Euro- beginning to be aroused as to t h e real merits tion of our paper has been equally rapid and life or death for themselves, their wives, sisters that they were all alike parts of the same prac- logic was more cogeat and their languagepean Congress would assemble. England.it was thought, wished to settle the Italian question with- out one. Marshal McM&hoa is to command thecombinations of last summer rendered an Im- meeting was "to reply to the infamous senti- formoney,oathe7thinstant,inLondon.CottonoftheHouse.Theyhaveputforwardasabesidestheusualoneswhichcreatethede-ingtheadoptionoftheirabstractandill-con-possibility. mentsexpressedbyCharlesO'ConorattooFrench army in Italy. Consols rated at 96§ a 95| the black republicans, absolutely In a minoritypouring in upon us for some weeks past show that there are fresh influences a t work therewas steady and breaditafls quietThe mails of the Anglo-Saxon reached this citycandidate f o r Speaker a man who holds, and endorses under his own signature, theories and doctrineswhich,ifcarriedout,canhareonly one result—the dissolution o f the Union and the dismemberment o f the confederacy. O nmand f o r a leading political journal. T h e sidered notions, as the guiding policy of go- Nevertheless, the republican members of the Union meeting of December 19." The followingof the contest going on at the federal capital.Let us examine the case. On one side standextraordinary. T h e orders that have been and children, and for the entire social fabric of tical scheme of treason. The eyes of the coun- rather better English than is to be found in thetheSouthernStates.Forfiveandtwentyyearstrywereopened,andthesuccessofWeed's organoftheRegency.Theobjectofthea few fanatics In the North have been advocat-the opposite hand there are the conservative members of a l l parties, having i n themselvesto adopt any new plan of battle, but to adhere to the very crudest stupidities in political en-fact i s , that t h e black republican organsvernment, i n defiance o f every principle o fHonse of Representatives, mindless o f changed specimen is by Rev. H. H. Garnett:—brains to the democratic party, o f preventing the organization o f the House by opposing the election o f Sherman, o f breaking down ad- ministrations and setting up administrations, of disposing of the city of New York at our indi-most bigotted, violent and destructive kind,against Southern men and the institution o fslavery in the South. They have characterized gineering. By this course they have more and the social organization in these States as "thehave stoned him, and the daughters o f the Emerald Isle would have whipped him wtthm aa inch of Us life with their garters. "Onr negro bondmen"—Mr. O'Oonor'a negro bondmen—an Iran gentleman, who had left n» country for ha country's pood—and no man could be blamed for escaping the hatter when be had a chaaco— Mr. O'Oonor'a bondman'—it was a situation which he did not covet He would take our learned men, our clergypublican party with the John Brown slaughters, theCongressofParts.TheI'epe'sletteronhisties.Theyknowthatthiselectionisamattervidualwillandpleasure,andofdoingfiftydecaloguehasbeenjustifiedifcommittedbyaandtheirmoremoderatefriendsintoeNorthmen,ourphysicians,ouraccomplishedmechanics,oarfaction which is avowedly bent on its destruc-tion. The fruits o f the opportunities o f cor- upon a simulated point o f honor, and only as rectinformationwhicharethusopenedtothem partofabargainbywhichhehopesto obtain will, we confidently predict, make themselves office and power, i n times o f great publicthe republican leaders throughout that section bargain thirst with the true patriot. The loveSuchmiserableleadershipwouldbeinexpli-cable, excepting on the supposition that Weedand Seward will allow no rivalry with their in-terests in the republican party. I t is, in fact, or say i t better ? But after this cutting t o manifest that, divided as the republicans arewas the Editor o f the HERALD, who was de-nounced as a "murderer," a "black-mailer," a ern industry and Northern needs must obtainSeward shall be the next President of the Uni- ted States, or that the party to which they be- long shall be broken into fragments. This is the true explanation of the false position of the re- publicans ia Congress, and of the moral a s - cendency, becoming daily more Invincible, of their national opponents.another to purgatory. Mr. Downing, the oys. terman, deprecated the idea of ••casting odium on the Irish adopted Citizens," who will feel highly complimented; hut the president main- tained that Mr. O'Conor was of Irish birth, aad Irishmenmustfacetoemusic. Wepitythe Irish, and pity O'Conor, after this raking fire from/ the cannon o f niggerdom. W e faar"monster ," and such other things. Thfe i s a specimen of the flowery eloquence o f the Cor- poration of this great imperial city—the metro- polis of the republic—the wonder and admira- tion of the Old World—which has been des-from the South. Such action a s this, eventhough only partial in the South, if carried onfor twelve o r eighteen months, will breakdown the entire edifice o f Northern credit andlabor. Our banks will b e drained o f theirspecie, and their loans and discounts be neces-sarily contracted to panic point; our manufac-turers will be pressed by the twofold difficultyof obtaining their customary pecuniary facili-ties on one side, and the evils o f a dintinishedIMPORTANT KROM EUROPE.—The Circassianwhich arrived a t S t Johns yesterday, h a s ho will never get t o t h e National Democraticern and Southern sectionalism which has al- ready divided the churches and the politicalWeed, Forney and their friends would havebeen gained, and Congress have been at onceorganized, under their auspices. A solid the ticket ofPresidential electors for the groundwork would thus have been laid for Mr. anti-slavery " candidate i n 1848. Charles , William H. Seward's nomination to the Presi- O'Conor was one o f the most prominent mea dency. Helper's pamphlet would have pro- on the national side at that time, and i t i s batFor the last few weeks the circulation of theHKKAJ.1)hasbeenincreasingintheSouthwitha rapidity as singular a s i t i s unprecedented.In t h e progress o f this journal, great as hasbeen Its success, nothing has before been wlt-nepsed like it. We know of no way of account- viction that is at this moment preventing t h e bably escaped notice f o r the time, o r have consistent i n t h e Regency t o assail h i mparties of the land.civil war will not only be at hand, but it will be irrepressible in its coming. I t is this con-sum o f all villanles."Everycrimei ntheWhen this is accomplishedmassacre have been counselled and abetted and glorified when the perpetrator was a negro.sponsible for such acts. The democrats seethe corruption of the last Commom Council, weonlyrepeatedwhathadbeensaidbeforethe diminishedineveryhome. ThesearethesendtroopsintotheLegationsifthePopein-which Seward, Helper, Sherman, and the ex- a speech very much like that made a few days ctty has beea telegraphed for to attend him. It is thought iwasmovedantdebated,itprovefolly,aadcommendhighly,toecourseCouncil.Theaffidavitsandstatementspouri&gampleofJohnBrown,arepreaching,isawarafterhiefamousremarktoBaronHubneronttathehasreceivedinternalin.iurtes.BishopMeCtoskytoaddtwo punnedbytheorganizedopponentsoftoeInuponusnoweverydayweshallreservetheNaviand hand over to the Investigating Committee of the Board of Aldermen, whenever they areplurality rule. The question is notmerelyJhetoer MrSherntta oftOBie other memberremainsattheresidenceorFatherHackctt,Tarrytown, against the lives, homesanddearestInterests the same day twelve months ago-together butissofarrecoveredastobe ableu>leaveforhometo- of the men o f the South, and than ask toem- with the sudden retirement of Count Walewski, day. The funeral of M:s. FieMs Ukos places* twetvi o'clock to-day, fjOD\the residence of her father, Bloomiegready t o receive them, aad l e t them take course In case a similar vituperative, aggressive Ministers that the pamphlet entitled "The Pope Grove, Washingtonvilie, Orange county, where her re what action they please. But w e understand and destructive war were anywhere preached and the Congress*' should not form a portion of mainswere conveyed on Tharsday afternoon. A Urg-*Of land at * • & * • Speaker of the Hooae. So far as Mr to closethe New York "tetoto**5t private character is concerned, itelves t h e question as to what would be their after having made a declaration to the foreignThese three points, with the sudden visit ofMrt»t/t\p$ tion.TheHouseofRepresentativesisnoworatoricalpowersinanotherplacebesidestoeMissouri,themoveroftheHelperresolutions.LordCowleytoLondon,seemtoIndicatethatshortdistanceand;nslphtofthecelebratedB^aictVi-kiabsolutely and positively deciding that con- Aldermanic chamber.thtal ao,aMMSl OS It appears by the proceedings that Mr. Sher-Amouiitoh«raieadhyta.^'.**. t^44,000M test, nominallytobesettledbytoepeople Weunderstandthatoneofthecitypapers manianowanxious,inviewofthenewturn We puhikh elarwneref an iateresrting report of next November. I n the result of that election has been brow-beaten by the Corporation into affairs have taken in the House, to make an ex-Napoleon is not going to back out o f the posi- tionhehasassumedinregardtothePopeand Italian affairs. The facts are highly significant,Mountain, and have never before heard ef a vo^aca a t fcting within its gratrte besom. Tfc>.''tfttte" carrc i«cn- dentoftheTroyArenabidt-ctieru\uafewmen?•••- sotse inti.t roaivi *•is before silt mfUac to eotaca'ra'la* pas**?* of tb" care ot V e n ;,!»* :\:-*r RL >ea<: jV-uTfc U»e Breakneck t-r.-jalw-.Leo r » a l a natural ph-isma-fho nroccadhnira hefam % QgSMsJtoto of *h« !>yl«.isl&velred the fait of the republic. Rigadismissing one o f Us editorial contributors, planation of his views on the Helper book: and should be carefully matched.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentagainstthem.THS COXFLIOT r x W ASHINGTON.—The p r o - cate the settled purpose o f the Emperor t o>lxCoalition Batwaaa the Albany Regenrr anal aha aUanhjfctr Kl*a;«-.vy^ f ODgratuiate Confidence Cassidy, Oagger claredhewillaeWdo. Themaiapointofthe a&iCo*P-W'*tosoldGovernorWisespri-proceedings is, however, a very curious ene, vate letter f o r twenty pieces o f silver—we inasmuch aa Mr. Sherman says that whoa he dis- congratulate t^e Iscariota o f the Regency thatfaotiously folic wing out i s one which was laiddowninthisoitylastAugust. Itwasoon- cracywillbecarriedbystorm,andtheirleader,fore the signification o f the Helper pamphlet had become generally understood.tion, are painfully felt a t this moment. It waamore deeply each day identified the entire re-Had the republican leaders comprehendedunited. And this M r . Seward's friends a r e was born in .this city. An Irish abolitionist, a fully determined to prevent, by adhering to the ram avis, named Walker, on the part o f Ire-rule or ruin policy with which h i s name i s land, disclaimed him, whereupon i t waa pro- identical. They are resolved that either Mr. posed by one to send him to Virginia, and b ybrought u s two days later intelligence fromConvention next April. But if, notwithatand.facte,speech of the Emperor on New Year's day—takeni nconnectionwith thewhile be was at the bead o f the Ministry, indi-they have found 5 valuable alliance i n theirBuffalo Convention, and his name stood high oa www.fultonhistory.com 