 i ijurisdiction of Lynch law. If, then, there be no minor-ity in favor ox the President elect in some of theStates, it is because in them on the question of Slaverythvre rs no free dwenseion, no liberty of thought, speech,writing, or action; and it is to this source, and not toany peculiar factionanees in the supporters of Mr. Lin-<om, that the nharpnee* of the division now made ap-parent between the North and the South is to be traced.In the North there are majorities and minorities on the .nell, as a compensation' for still more ill-advided neb a"charge will produce on the foreign policy of the slave question; in the South there is at least apparent measures which were projected, is an arm which can nDaiiiii.ity, just as there is. an appearance of a uui yorsalH&OM EUBOPRjftorie*,w« eaimethelp being forcibly Btruok by the | of the Kfag<mrrohEter, hut they have obeyed the logic alisnrdSty of breaking up a vast and glomus oonfed- .ri»ivi».< oy t.ibiiibuung tnu pii-vuie jLa.ia>ie'v>j tae eracy like that of the U»»*ted States from the dread aud royal fan ily amorg individuals who for the last{A SLAVEHOLblNG* *&* wrew-st«em»hip Chy of WaeZrhagtoa, from aijfier inspired by the election of such a man to the twelve years have* not ceased toconppire agninBtthe • £*- *ipe*l o n *•• 2 I < * » ^ ^ o e m M l 4 y w n < » tbo 22d nit., omce of Chief Magistrate. If the cause of the South- dynnstyj the throne aad,social order, and against ally; ••!• • V too numerous to mention.'' If I have omitted any luneam,GffcEAT BRITAIN.THE PBESTOENriAL ELECTION. fV#*i T t e London Timtm, Soo. 20.xraxim of the Union by the decision of a Supreme act of rapine. After tho glorification and remunera-"Tfc« event w h i ^ has occupied the attention of the "©tiledfifc.teefor ine last four year* ha* at length come *© taw, and virtually, although not as yet legally, Mr. JLttketa has been elected President, and, Mr. HamlinLim into a Territorgyioes that draw after it the conse- quence that rdavery must be proscribed and abolished 7 Suppose a repeal of the Fugitive Slave law—does that prevent the South from taxing such efficient measures as maybe required to keep its clave* from flight and escape !' If Slavery has indeed oome. to this point, then, indeed, is the day of emancipation for the Negro nearer than any of us had supposed. But, if so, would not the Southerns do more wisely in setting their house in order, and preparing some plan of gradual emancipa-of the booty of his familv's fortune. The iustice of therevolution will, that children shall be forced to re-munerate attacks committed against their parents. Inthe decree inclosed, note well the preamble and the date.It is theieiusflid that * on the lf>thMay, 1848, Ferdinand more than probable that Mr. Lincoln would be elected II. violated a SWOTB compact, fiHcd the city with.ter- to the Presidency, American securities declined se- ror and with blood, substituted arbltary acts and vio- riously in all parte of the United States. It does not lence for the law, and from that time commenced po-Considering the fact that the rioters, according to Tke Covritr, were strong in " respectability/' as well as in numbers, that paper, as well aa The Poet, isumiccount-lice remarked concerning one of them, that h«rdeserve4^ j to be arrested every night of his life; b e k t b W a l o o e , I however, on this occasion. One gentleman, who it ifI orui d jet>uh» iatal to the^ubility of the Union; but the Sotth haa real] v Ukeu so much pain* to bring the pretext Teanlt to peas that it haa no right to be aux-" C A S E L L A . " The Spanish Government has also issued its protest, on wlich tl e Aord makes tbe following observations: " T i e document is not calculated to cause much sensation. This posthumous manifestation, which ap- pears to be a concession wrung from Marshal O'Don-preserving tfce peace of the city, the insanity should also seize the Juries, the District-Attorneys, and other officers of the Courts, so that there should be, as there has been for the last year, almost complete immunityduring tfce campaign was Mr. Andrew's deelaratioflt tfcat whatever might have been the character of Johjt Brown's act, Biown himself was right. Of such a ma* it is impossible to predict an; thing.The cau{<a to which the election of a Bepubhcan Prtreident is ovsing are chiefly iatereetiogto BS so tax mm tbfy uftord us any guidance in estimating the eifectSometimeB we say of a man that "you always knovf blame tie police. They were acting under orders, or rence, it must be because he is »ure to be on one sidous, theie is a cofuiderable number of persons in a convert. Ameika to whom, apart from mere political coatidera-attach is so rocky that any approaches must be mostdifficult, nod ocenjy a considerable time. Independ- vents European statesmen from treating the annexa-< ntly ol thoee defemea, G»:e"ta poseesses a oertain num- tions of the United States as avowed extensions of theber of works established on the highta, among which area, of Slavery. They cannot now upbraid a Con- Mr. E. B. Bigelow, or Mr. John T. Heard, of the De- have to retire. I bave been told that he wants tha may be mentioned tbe castle, the Tower of St. Fran- federacy, of which more than half the members have mocratic side, or Mr. Everett, or Mr. Winthrop, or Mr. position of United States Marshal, suad inasmuch as ac-ceis,andtheMonteOibindo,a strong fort,whichcom- no slaves, with conquering and annexing merely Hillard,or Mr.Stevenson,or.Mr. Saltomstall,orMr. ording tofciatoricalprecedent and Mr: Bucnanan'* mands both tbe land side and the sea. As to the port. Fcbring, or Mr. Appleton, or even Mr. Lunt, of the opinicn, it ia the butinees of United States officers not•Court, in which both sides are represented, that a tion cf the regicide, tho«e who have several timet- planter has no inherent right to take his slaves with sworn to murder Ferdinand II. musthave a large parted by its vigilant reporter, who was fortunately present. sfcoulder-hitterB were very strong. The Chief of Vo* mthe Y k e-Prerident, of the great American Confederacy.The event baa been long foreseen, and wiU surprisenobody wto baa paid the&art attention to.Americanjvbs i o. It i« the natural reaction against the outragesu d excessea of J 855 and 1856, the protestof the freoeet tion, by which the violence of the impending catastro-present and a«tive. With the exception of lAx. Richard served to be active in the good work. A merchant, 8.Fay,Mr.J.MurrayHowe, Mr.Christopher Plun- whonotlongagowasobligedtopay$100toabaggage-hood. The*fortiflc-d, thy, tie leruw to iu fuifc^t »vin^ P^dlamiteiv now fijlidane, r^>w lavishing phraiA e efcgfcni utterance <4* Li Sweeten into decency. It wirioting,findfisticuff,my,and »**«»all)- Irom the refined an * • moK aristocratic legkn^t •Iranger, 'nii^uainled with «ne*g+d in fh*t fr*y—name* atthesoundofwbkh eeo tar nervously, and fohl in a m foppc*ed ti^t t U rougbtet b had here^ got together f|aemonetraeive purpceee. ' aifi«*nt S*ct, tdof that,jn thv tolored church, peace-breakers unex^i-t. ,jj tbe minority, tfce v*W »ewhere to be diaeernod, ajvdj dwrnrberice w**> ade to a^ oavnge threaU that had be^n dming tfce afternoon. Bcu jneering tie arietocrncy werej was easy for tisem. They b•fay, wbkh was a pure bit object wafto break up the divert it from ita origiual f gitiniately'eijougb (tlie roee» broker of the most coiMtiti; who ofleced Home resolutiotin faenin of tboec men who La tion. Tfc;» wa« wbll scot was called for, no person yet ready to support tr.. othera were booted down, t pofltied without' the privilege cne ride. Of couree.tfce Oan they dvi *«.> with motegnM« t peeled of them. Aud.-cett-nj srignal intentions of the u.<* ^uettic'a of the propriety of LO to say that, the conduct and te their cc mianions Were throu£and more muuly tlum t.'.o«.' © reshrted nothing, except whea jn tfce two affrays wbkh occtaggres^ois. And when Byu> rather better, on tie wlofe, ta eated oppocenLs, and cleared crowd that assailed bia Tom Sayers would have taken The Tremont Temple Bt6etrn|j kroi.cn up. That was deteruti was app-eaJed t/o, aod.afcer suae that tfce hail should be clear • this time, the efforts of the i< applied to the- suppression up,;ImxA beat educated part of the American people againsttftetacts of high-handed violence and oppression whichmight in some degree be mitigated, than in cling- to a system which, oh their own- admission, can j exist under: the very improbable condition of alitical yersecntrenB.' If a G^crnmcat ever had ntight to make reeistance it was on that day.For the first time the representatives of thekctt, Col. Jonus H. Froncb, Mr. Perkins (Thomas BT.,I believe), Mr. Bacon, and Mr.Thomas Farmer of Rox-bury, I do not find in either of these papers the names also conspicuous. Zof any of the rioters." I use the word rioters in no of- Tbe literary class was represented. One £6otleaMMtpreceded the advent of Mr. Buchanan to power. It"xkm Sooth baa at length found that it ia not omnipotent systematic saciifice of the interests and feeliuge of the.to prevent the pacific inauguration of parliamentary a plan of simultaneous resistance. But one or two fensive sense, but for convenience. The rioter of one was pointed out to me as tbe authorof a work on " Th*5a the council* of the country, thai unpleasant dis- covery ia owing to the foohah and intemperate use wl kh the South haa made of it» prosperity. While demanding the most implicit respect for its own opin- ions, the South has been even ostentatious in proclaim-i t g a "bitttr and cynical contempt fox the opimona'and, t t e Jeering/a of oiler*. Slavery has been defended as the BOISUJ and perfect state of homan society, and the 2*©rth h a s b e e n b i t t e r l y t a u n t e d w i t h i t ahornet industry, and the coarseness of man- ners which the fastidioas Southern planter traites to that cance. WLile claiming foriteelf the menepcly of the Govermneutof the United States, the South a** constantly held the language of disaffection, sad the .United States have been ruled by a party wikfc vra* perpetually talking of diannitixig them. 8 o far from wondering that theae things ehould have produced the result we have just witnessed, it has longaerated to us impossible that they should not. Maa- ku.d, if ruled at au, must be ruled either by force or persuasion. The South could not employ the former, aiid have long substituted the language of provocation and defiance lor the latter. But then* and many other -eareuBiistancvs, while they fully account for the change which baa taken place, tend very considerably to diaJniab its sigiificanco. Had the South been alwaya xeatonable ana eoneilwtory, we must have regarded t i e election of Mr. Lincoln as evidence of an intoler- ance ef the vsry institation of Slavery which, mightinh4i atitsownaucewja.North to those of the South ?We do not, as we have said, believe the catastrophe to be imminent, and we are disposed to attribute to the institution of 6iavery a vitality, which, as it seems, its warmest advocates do not believe \t to possess; still we cannot conceal from ourselves that the recent voteof the Americdn people is fraught with many momen-" tons eonseooences. Heretofore when a President hasbeen elected he has been supported at least by a minor-ity hyevery State of the Union But in the present in-stance there is a considerable number of States inwhich not a (ingle votewas cast for the successful can-didate. This, it is said, and not without some show ofjustice^- tends directly to that state of paxtiee againstwlich Washington emphatically counseled hisfeliow-citizene-^the dividing themselves into factions desig-nated by geographical Kmita. It must always be re-membered, however: that if Mr. Lincoln has not hadeven a miaority in many of the Slave States,labors, revolution broke out. Every one knows that Southern States, peopled by bigots Of more than ordi-day is a revolutionary patriot the next year, Evasion of Payments," 4< Tfce Autobiography of a and if these gentlemen suooeed in perma- Jeremy Diddler," "Hand-Boob for 8wmdlera,'• nently putting down free (speech in Boston, I " Stealing Without a Master," 4< Bird's-Eye View ct shall, after the cuetomary usage, change the designa-Jraunvg.to 1OI>K has fallen at hist, and who will not de-rive tit.m it a far g>»ur degree of confidence than itought jeaJly to inspire. The reign of terror now pre-VMjlixig in Texa» is a suffiiient proof of the existence of and pursued. In consequence of the engagexneut on t l w *) I. it of exaggeration, anet it may, perhaps, oper- the lith, the Piedmonteee having gained ground, the ate to call forth lrom-the rlaves some numilestation of troors en(am|.ed outside the pblce have beou brought JeeHng, wbieh can have no other result than to rivet in. Sardinian vessels are every day disembarkingletters alieady too (severe. We may surmise that the seige materials. Two or three thousand men of the disgraeeftl tiaffic in fluves. smej" sooner or Liter, to 1 kdiLonteee army are at work making parapets.fellow the imtimtion of Slavery itself, will be kept » i - i « with a vigorous hand. We may expect to find Me Snpreme Court of the United States restored, if xtoi to imparti> hiy, to something more like a balance ot •pinion by the appointment of emiuent Republicanlawyexs, and we may expect to find ia the adiniaistra- trai i. n of the Territories a spirit whijh will render the retention of Kenea like tiieee of Kansas impoesible.We know not that the friends of the negro haveM. M. Carbonelli, Pietro Ulloa, and Antonio Uiloa, niniater8, have gone to France; their return is ex- pected shortly."threatening our Ime of retreat, has obliged us to aban- don our position. Hoppen what may from these events, the whole of Europe, in estimating and judgiug them, • will not be able to do less than admit the valor and fi- delity cf a handful of brave men, who, re.-i^ting the petfidions seduction, as well as the strength of twoae experience has abundantly shown, can often be so mar^ged/;s to promote the objects of the slave-owners, and wherever advantage is gained in this way, it is gained without incurring danger, and. almost withoutup his voice and asking the blessing'of the God he ig- norantly worships en the good work; or Col. Greene, doing penance for his early errors in the cause of free speech, in Afcner Kneelands case, by helping to mob men as unpopular as Kneeland ever was. But, alae! these men seem to have been Batiafied with urging on tfce mob, or with the still more ignominious part ofrejoicing over what it accomplished.Bcrtohxi, chief of the staff, sent to vieit the outposts, cazte back without having been out of the town, 'and said that there was nothing new. He was abandonedretired with bis fannly.Francis II. has issued the following order of the day: Solciere—When, after two nwniths of generousery is sufficiently unpopular in the world for a mero slayekolding Commonwealth to run no small risk of"shield of the Cemstitution," between our united country and James Redpath; or Mr. Winthrop, winding fcis cloak about him with one hand and with the other striking a hearty blow from the shoulder, for tho Union und the laws; or Mr. Whitney, eucouruging his squad-.(•»•<!*^..''*""W—BB• UTwnWrfveBcepsctabifity hw)\ t\snrple, toget itseye ex.| the mati*T, at once. It* «pe ecnfe, took tfce view < fI laeersesbeaet himand.for week* *> of tLe pariah boya. I'S-ohed, how heavy would be the cost, how cousidera- bardy. < inhabitants. We now know that its occupation'hasJWe the danger of basuhioo, apd bow iaiposei-ale it The volunteers of Marsala,Catahifirma, and Palermo not taken ph.ee, but it may be effected at any moment. jotsiTEHon-cf Georgia and tte Carohnaa, just as she-wouldlefortheSouthernStatestoniaintaininthe haveresolvedtopresentGnrioaluiwithastarofdia- OneoftberctitonswhichproughlGc^u.FantitoTurin wasofCanadaandNova-Scotia. Similarly,iuthe fitcecf t i e world the strong positim they now hold as n.oncs, leaiing the inscription, "The 'Pnoaaand to wae to EtR)nit to the deliberations of the Council of war of 1812, nobody in England ever doubted that, theH. French, who was very active in thegood work, was one oi Gov. Gardnera Aids. Thomas H. Perkins, a broker,wasverylively,compromising^bisdignityso much, I am informed, as to assault a negro. Mr. Wm. D. Swan, book publisher, and two young Swans, w*re hearty syn.pathir.ei-s. So wae Mr. Arthur Oilman,in peace, would be regarded at tfce'South as a general indexofNoitfcernojinion(orBostonopinion,.for,t* the citizen-cf our Atfccns, the terms are identical a* meaning),itwae.reaolvedthattheJohnBrown"coa^ tue monition should be turned into'a grand Cirlon-plaa--Bi*mt«>sOfthenrratAmencanCouf»*JerHcy,we sus-"theirCIlet1"The Austrian Gazette aays:3Jiriisters,theeventualoccupationofthatplacre. SouthernStateswerethevulnerablepartofthe It would seem that. to continue the operationHof the siege Of.' Ga<3ta wivh due regard for the Federation; nor has the result changed thisf e«t that the South will think better of it, and turn its <jKti\jky into the more pracucul channel of proviliug JMr. Lmeoln with a Democratic successor in 1&6L•* The Neapolitan envoy, Prince Petntlia, has pre-sented to the hen eror an autogini^t letter from his he< lib of the troops, it is indispensable to take poe opinion. Tfce expedition to New-Orleans, thoughaaai2Smm '.••'.;'^mmm^nNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRtrUV. DEOEMBER 7, 1800.erns be really so good, let them show, or ratherlet the if e v*i*< W V" wbKh constitute the bnaiaof univeisally which leads meD of experience to doubt the occurrenceB l t t V e S . ' •THERECENTRESPECTABLEKIOT. Tttta Oar. Own Co*r**poade»t^BOSTON, December 5, 1860.It is possible that I may give.'i'Hx TaxBUiex some de- tails of the Bell-Everett riot vot picked up and forward-I sfcall gladly, on proper application, supply them, s n | | . g«it k.-m-n sought a solaco id hy goitjg oj> te the Trenrfuitj«m> td at this port on Thursday afternoon. disappointed partisans and professional agitators who recognked right.$ t e aarew-ateamer $*xonia, from Southampton assume to represent them WDOW? a little more confi- '• x«u win comprehend, Sir, that these are nob mena»&*21stah.*,amvedatthesametime. Thearrival denceinit. IsittruethattheinstitutionofSlavery cfsincereojinionwhohavefougb(»audsufferedintheOf any very great eTent which is Very confidently pre- dicted; and, if the event be an American event, in- credulity,isincreasedbytheknowledgethattheAmer- ican people have principles of barking which are entirely distinct from their principles of biting. Still there are some symptoms which make it worth while to attend to the contingency of a separation between the Northern and Southern States of the Union. If there is cne sign which clearly shows that ah American ia gen- uinely uneasy, it is the abatement of his commercial confidence, andwe now learn that, as soon as it becameFROM BOSTON* :•: { • if any gentleman disclaims the honor, or feels himself sardful of niggers. You«f tie Canadian at Portland, and of the stoaoicni > U aemed, give Q* paper* to tho 22d ufc.cannot exiat in confederation with Freedom, unless it has in ita hands the Central Government, to use and apply principally, if not solely, for its maintenance? Suppoee it should be established as a fundamentalfttoggle against the establiHhed Qayernment, and thai it is not tbote men who will proSt by this onbvereive ac*t. Honest men^ of whatever'opinions they may be will reject with indignation nil' participation in thisunworthy of tbe choice -companionship I birrs givett him,Ishalltaiepainsiomake'thenecessarycorrec- tion, so that the future chronicler whosooreheeth* files of THK TM'BUKX, out of, which history wiH b* written, may not fall into any errors. Ton will see that all professions and clashes were represented. Th*assemblagewascnriotuJyimportant petitioca, the uarebebly stood for ndlliom*tbe other'would have beeaiftreet, cr anywhere elsejoercffviXh faction may 'x •af the Sooth, they certainlyJbr they were in an unciocilaver, they were metaihed 1people asesmbled according' to the Constitutionsworn to by the King and by the nation, when, in order opinion for there to be much chance of their concertingtheGovernment adopted every•meansof conciliation' before it had recourse to force, and that after the sup- to take a course which is certainly alarming. Theypression cf the outbreak it hastened, according tor the 6ameConBritution.to convoke a new Chamber. The de- cree above alluded to is signed by King Victor Emanuel, as well as others; the date of the 23d October is pos- terior by two days to the plebisciteflttributincpto Vic- tcr Emanuel the sovereignty of the Two Sicilies, and by eleven days to the determination come to by the King of Sardinia not to wart for tbe plebiscite, and to rasa the frontier of. the kingdom and take possession by force of the State possessed by the House ofMaur- bon. The insolence of those acts is evident, since the King of Sardinia has conspired against the throne of tie King of the Two Sicilies, and, violating Divine and human laws, went in person to consummate an odious aggression, and now lends his name, his au- thority, and his armed force, to the execution of these enormities of wbkh he dares to take the responsi- bilitv before Europe and before posterity.propose to instruct the Senators who represent them in cbe Upper House of Congress to resign their seats* and then tley intend to abstain from filling the vacancies. The Senate; in which all States are equally represent- ed, is the knot of the Federal Union; but there do not seem to be any means of-compelling an unwilling Stateto contribute delegates to it, nor is there any known Constitutional fiction by which the empty places cau te taken to be filled. The withdrawal of a part of the Senators would amount to a 3e facto separation much more difficult to deal with, and perhaps more danger-ous, than overt treason against the commonwealth. ^As soon as it becomes worth while to discuss the establishment of a separate federation of the"Slave-selves are such us to make us wonder at the folly of violently and riotously took pcesession of it, wrested it upon her, and said, " Mrs. Brown, I have always hadthe undertaking. The least drawback on it is its firm its purpose, in fact, burglariously entered and " a high respect for your husband, and I don't think Iexpensiveness. At present, Oie cost of the General Government is most unequally distributed betweenthe North end South; and, though in the Southern section these expenses are much larger than iu the Northern, from the greater inaccessibility of the country, the amount contributed by the Slave States to the revenue which pf.ye them is out of all proportion smallertl an the amount raised from the States of Free-Soil. This, however, i* a trifling reason for valuingthe Northern States has the effect, as it were, of insur-are protected by masses of rock, which render themwould have a word in the matter. It is simply the.iu-tioi.t, tlie vbiinge of Presidents is not a matter of ia-/ dxfieren«e. lritst, there are all the employees, from' Che Secretaries of State down to the sorters of tetters and ti«k-waiters.* The vote that has substituted a Re-publicanloraDemocratattheWhite-Houseistotheaa, and each of them, a sentem-e of ruthless and Lidiacriini- aate prOKtiptior.. There is no need to affix the lists of tte preset ibeu in public places, after the fashion of the eybttfclSylla. T^e ptoseription is exactly coincident with the number of place-holders. We cannot expect that any argument will reconcile these martyrs to'theirdu>tn.Thentherearetheslave-ownersthem-wusnotaccepted,heehouldgoOVKZtothePied* withsupj-liesofallkiuds,defenditselfft>ranalmost thanimpedetfceeffortsofEuropeandiplomacy.Tue ten,'andWatsonFreeman,jr.,andthemassofnamed TfcePresidentialElectorsmetto-dayattbeState* selves, whose acute sentibilitiee on the subject of their n.oritoe v\ iih Li* troops. The command of G<*£ta has irdefinite period. The struggle will be confined on tnd nameless riffraff that Joliowed them. It would House, and without tfce slightest regard to the alarm-ITALY.>NEAPOLITAN AFFAIBS. A letter from Marseilles rays:provocation, should be set uwn jaec,whileMr.ThomasH.fcV' sation, was respectfully smii*rd abiillixu t divinity doth fced<i« which the gleams of tfce guA.- quite paled, but the meetingsf the unwulingness of the Tru* tendentoftheTemple,v. tfce Mayor to secure and Which might have been done a; s authority,on tfce nde/of order oeTfce evening meeting at Mr.' V Cffeient sffiur. TLe buildup friei;d* of the Garrisoniar^, aji< Police, into." wiiceo fcandsthe pc Ifcereufter p*eveated all ingrc^ fathe:ed c-utfide, but, w> lotix a Wee kept ia all necessary m-ti teanagemenr shown by tbie omcc Kttle disfurbonoe. wiihin. Tie were in tbe minority, and\Ui8uif lessuess as regarded the.de**: &kric. One gentleman WWJ w ^ Phillips. »nd prcoiaiming him a ! | l e fairly * quieted by a lose ujon hhu with this* ait down, Bill Fay. aud shut i " to-morrow." After tbis^ the say, from which we may gasfcer eonservBtive nund a smooth 1 sustenance ctf the Umon. J ^ .11 toarkable. Tliat of Mr. Pt 'and very violent, and of oourse greater"port;ofthose who bea citing event of the evening wa«J ttely followed Mr. Phillip-j's ct;tt| Forbwown aafcty fce was <v mrjaogh adark and narrow pan* irregular ^ to call up vivid r Ai**wortl'»old-time rvm&ucee.feas couipnratively staall wu ^^oi I;t" once rvcogr:. cdl •f some bundn^is cf persooi* w| Thefact&atMrs,Childanderf him probably saved hi* life, f^i tratien* were hurled atfcim.re: tfce ladie* were equally loiuL looked as if that martyrdom lareatencd was about to befal! hi •warmed aboutfcimas be oe**n Ccmmon was evidently hungr> es •fviolem*. But tbe half «>^11 o fhad an ugly loo resolutionaswtiilt^nts from venturing b« tlieir fiyimgs. U waa »fa^ kele, this wolfiea and cowarotcicev Beaton Common. At M kst conevBiration of vocal v< mmg hs.dt>ocomeridiculousi> tl nuruitd it.Of tfce aid'night nutuUDg •reukuig of their windowa,HHI. 'those/final d*n?<e tkti of tbe meanne*!* an di*tbigawaedtheBeaoona*gheu^tha day.•\;>. -REPUBLIC. From The London Saturday Retitw.Nothing can be more rational than tbe skepticism• ^^^S^i^• ' Sseem to be thought for one 'moment that any. act'of aimed rebellion is meditated by .tbe slaveholders, and they appear to be too divided inmaster at tfce Eastern Railroad Depot (a man about 70 years of age) for committing an assault upon Urn, wagnalily furious temper, have announced that they meanthis has happened because on questions relating tothe extension or maintenance of Slavery a great * " I" have considered it my duty to address myself to owning jStatee, tbe considerations which suggest them- purpose of discussing tbe best means of abolishing Sla- | wife was in Boston, just before her visit to Virginia foenumber of the Southern States allow of no mi- yon, Sir, in order that you may make known to thenority. A man may have opinions adverse to Slavery, Cabinet to which you are accredited in what manner and a man may reside in a Slave State, but the King's Government regards those, facts, and in or-be cannot do both thcte things at once. If he asserts der that you may solemnly and formally protest, on 'his opinions, be must change nis residence, or must pre- tbe part of.Francis II., against the revolutionary de-pare >.im*elf for a residence in a world beyond the cree of the 23d October. Be kind enough to leave avery. Certain other men mode an irruption into it, the purpose of seeing ber husband, Mr. Lawrence calledfcopy of this dispatch with the Minister of Foreign Af- faiis, and acknowledge the receipt of it.stole it, and the police, instead of interrupting the pro- " bave any lees now." He also gave her money, ani cess, proceeded with the utmost coolness to dispossess told ber if she wanted any more, to let him know* the original and rightful owners. It is no wonder that, Yet at tfce last election he was the candidate for Gov* when tfce Mayor and the police have thus got their ernor of The Courier faction, whose chief "card'* heads turned topsyturvy on the subject of their duty ofL t.iou. The n m uaprestion may be tnat a President agi vciiig vwith tho general aentiment of this couatry e u t i e subject of Slavery would be more likely to pre- serve BB.£'able relations between the two countries tham u Prt.idw.1 in avowed opposition to European sotxiua on this important point. It is thus that t^e Jtore and Cudinals urgue, that if the Puloierston Min- istry were to be overthrown in England, its policy wo* Jd be reverwtd by its successors. Both ideas ap- pear to us equally fallacious. The days are gone by wL«» the poll.y \'i a great and ci viikea nation can be aheged by He dange of a Prime Miuister, and the Px^idcni of t i e United States is in some respects little more, tnd in otbeis not so much. The Chinese g i n «ething by the accession to omce of their earnest ad- vocates or 1857; nor, we suspect, will the change inthe American Government produce any particuhir ad- Trattafce to England. We are not Hltely to see a Presi- dent ef the United States who willSeriously comprc- n.b-t the relations between England and the Union, tor ysj a Prericent who vcill reidst the temptation of mklung a little capial for Ids party among theby embaibing in su.ail quarrels uud showinga certain serted that, although the President ia . Republi- " Our army," says the • Opinione, "will find great ternational question. Every point now at Ljeue in Hie subordinatef.—(plsgue on it J I keep speaking as if attack upon Mr. Phillips after the meeting in JoyJLB;owit ol petty hostility. We do not expect that, so can, the majority of the two Chambers is Demo- difficulties in taking it; but this. siege will not hinder he was not himself the most ridiculous of subordinate*), street. The Traveller had a very good report of tha fur as our own aifLirs arc concerned, we have uhangud cratic; so that the new reijrn starts with that which w l i e political and military reorganisation of Southern tfce domestic forurn cf Congress would come un- servile to all the earthy influences !) were one moment evening meeting, but most of the accounts were mombelief in (he Boman Catholic religion in Spain or in the States of the Church.easily be turned by adversaries against the Court of Spain itself. What Burpriees in this document is, not the claim for an eventual right, which is more thansupposed they were, though it was hard to find out to-day, and the opposite side to-morrow. He will be e,and untried officials in the face of an Opposition Charles V. 'downward, nave added to its defenses. that every question now- pending between them- and dispersed him, he would have done good service. Irish and the Bepubhcan emigrants from Europe, full of ability and experience. It is, beside, as- Ferdinand II. fbrrified its most vulnerable points. selves and the North would become at once an in-JrYftideLts for the better; nor, on the other hand, do or.\y too often the difficulty of American politico—a. ,/Italy, a tark to which tLe Government is devoting its der-lfce cognizance of the general society of nations. bristling a man out, and the next moment returningw e tVar tl at the change will be for the worse. That it direct conflict between the Legislature und the Execu- utmost effcrlfli" The Espero states that Gagta has What Sort of division of the unsettled territory now ia so linger generally popular in the United States to tive. ^Probally tbia reflection will tend as mach as provitione for six months, and that during tbe> siege belonging to the United States Would ever be agreed be on ill lerms with Great Britain has been abundantly anytLi::g to soften fie first alarm of the South. Upon the representatives of forneii/grn Powers will remain onrii.u; oi Wi.le&. This good feeling and our own go.xi erable benefit to ourselves, and although we believe anchor in tie port. nobody can pretend even to conceive; and this is thefcim and apologizing for their roughness, and Mr. F.or less colored with friendship for the rioters." Tk& Post's report professees to be verbatim, and is i* general fair, but Mr. Douglass's retort upon Fay be omitted purposely. Fay had remarked that a negra elavedriver is the meet cruel in the world, " Y e vB. Sanlorn, tfce lawful Chairman,was actually rescued rroved by the gei^rou* and hospitable reception of tne the whole, though we do not expert any very consid- boa' d shit-s-o'-war belonging to their nations at upon letween the Northern and Southern Federations out of the hands of on officer by two others, who re-wfckh had called, aud ww. HI1 Tho only, persons harshly u»-»i and tfceir associates-—ti.o vtn «the hall, and were accountabJeintet.tioiiS are a sufKcient guarantee for peace and good uuterstandinp, and for us the questions involved in tfce tiiuDjph of. either contendiux party are compara- iively of little moment. Ic is very fortunate that it •LouJd be so. It is very fortunate that we have in the gotd leehng and common interest of the two nuii:m» a ^narastaemuebstrongerthanthecapiioeof Ministers er Pref kients. For ourselves, then, as far aa the im- ttecibtc interest of this country is concerned, we re- ward tfce accetrion to power of the Republican Preai-very difficulty which seems to show that the severance turned bim safely into the hall from which he had beescould never be effected without bloodshed. It is plain, rudely ejected. Most of them were good-natured and Sir," said Douglas, " and for the precise reason thutA*the Southern States to be a great deal more frigatened A communication from Ga^ta of the 12th furnishesthan hurt by the recent eleetioa, we rejoice, on higher K r s details not without i' terest:.and turer grounds, that it has ended iu the return of Tie Neapolitan troops still possessed out of the townMr. Lincoln. We are glud to think that tuemarehof tte different positions of the Monte Secco. As to however, that every attempt of the Southern States toSlavery, arid tie domineeriug toae which its advocates Gteta ittelf, it was described as stronger than- ever, expand leyom* tfce territoryabsolutely secured to them if tfcey had keen properly guided.were beginning to assume over Freedom, have been l i e front of attack on the land side does not exceed would be resisted, not simply by their Northern neigh- But I am straying from my purpose, which was totheiBfe. Among ihe myriad weak.'iWe have received letters from Gaeta, dated the13th, depciiig a dismal state of things. Di-uuiou i.-.tho-uicg itselt among the general officer*. Some aretrtitoroukly intlined, others unwiling to #fbt. Gen-erals Salzano, Barbalouga, Colonna, and ..'vrfiari havereached. Gen. Colonna wrote that, if bis «wi^utuiou it may, *ilh a ganison of from 6,000 to 7,0^0 men, slightest doubt tfcut the Free States would rather assist t.nd young Choate, and Jo; Bell, and Harry Hor- slave cases, would not find an imitator in Mr. Coburtui*wi?r>'it is deftxded by considerable works, which would in the interest of cotton and negroes, butcame gnat damage to vessels of war built of wood. there would be no scruple about taxing the Bel.-E'verttt persuasion. The vindication of Boston to enforce tbe laws, I think Mr. Coburn admirablyTleGaeta OczctU has the following: ;•• 1'be b'rench customs has decided that vessels of armies, have not only made resistance, but have once attracting attention.the kingdem of the Two Sicilies, if they present them- selves in the ports of the French empire with papers, und the flag of revolution, cannot enjoy the advantages wl'ich ore guaranteed to the royal subjects by oarmoie rendered illustrious the history of the Neap Hitan army by tbe names of Santa Maria, Cajazzo, Trifisco, £ant Angelo, &LC. These facts will remain indelibly graven on my heart* To perpetuate the remembrance of them a bronze medal wiQ be struck, bearing theThe extravagant notiona of their own prowess en- tertained ly the Americans of the Southern Scutes has peisnaded them tlmt they would lose nothing iu militaryanniversary woe more than matched by the vulgarity and cowardice cf tfce merchantfl, bankere, broker*, " and other well-dressed individuala" who con«i)ired to break it up. It is perfectly well understood, and had been all along, that if left free from interference tha meeting would have flickered away with even mora than tfce usual harmlessnese, and have fallen into ob- livion before people could have had time to a»k what it wa» all about. In tfce present crista, however, thi« was not enougb to satisfy the merchants and other* whose interests are assailed by the hostility of tho go\ eramcht ae the solidest man we have, even Mr. G. South. " This state of affairs," numbers of tlwtra werescuch more to expect from the new Prerideut, lilt treaty of commerce with France. Taw detenniaatioa,jewers are very luxited, and will be confined within a wbieh does great honor to ti«e Imperial. Government, leger-d "Campaign of September and October, I860," strength and resouice by casting off the bondage of the the most conspicuous persons among the rioters.«oa<e ibueb narrower than their 'strictly legal extent, does, not stULd iu need of comment or pnuae. It has and tl ese words on the reverse, "Santa Maria, Cajaz- Constitution. We can only say that England is the by the *ame neees»4tv which ha« made ilr. Buchanan been cictatcd by that good fiith of latentioos and xo, Trifisco, gSant Angelo," Asc. The medal will beMr. Fay was de facto Chairman for a time, and Mr. How e thought fce occupied the same position afterward.aXsuiu from any attempt on Cuba, and u^lorate the political conduct which constantly cidUuguiduea all the jmarffcy, and even the aggressions of wohappy Mexico. acts of the French Governn>eut."For the ntfety of the Cniou itself, we confess we Gen. Ulloa, the Neapolitan Minister of War, has bavcuoiear. Of course, it will take sooie time be-suspended by a blue and red ribbon; while ornament- only country which has bad a serious struggle with theyour fidelity and your valor, which will alwaya be a .1 iore men can cool down from the bluster which has published t* 6 orders of the day; one deciding that, iu claim to glory for those who shall bear your name.out tfce Southern pretensions. During tho Revolu-tionary War, tfce English troops scarcely commanded a cf knowing something about ugrioulture. Taougb. notione of the Cow Comrniabioners, and has the reputationWrn so profctely used for^ electioneering purposes^ to consequent e of the zeal and devotedness shown by the I the jureasge oJ moderation ani truth. Some men sokiersof thegarrLBOuof Mestiua, they shall rooei/e-THE P AP AL STATES.FRUSCiW II.foot of ground in the North which they did notaoluuliyoccupy. But, later in the struggle, tho South wu« allfhave «.id t>.e»* thingM so often that they are ashamed tie silver medU of the Order of Francis II.; and the to tbow bow liulo they believe them, and some so second thankii g that ganif^on for coming rorwjud andA Turin-letter of the 17th, in tho Co/utUutionnel tut subjugated; and had not tfce inconceivable strategya Boston man, be evidently feels UB great a responsi- bility for tfce existence andeuccess of our experiment of«uvn a at thxy lave xeally learned to believe tbein subscribing a 6Lm of 14,U0d ducats toward the expenses of the campaign.says: of the Ei:gli*k Generals given a different turn to the it was reported bore yesterday that Cialdini had oc-ing your. noble brearts, it will remind everyone of United States, and English experience does not bear Mr. Fay is a wealthy man, ree'dent in Lynit. He isfceard to say, " is ruining tte. If it coutinues, the craslft about; Lets exempt from criticism for reasons which "mutt come, and sink us all together. Unless w e pacify I : B^yin to cont-kfer bow imaginary is the injury which ernment aas sent pressing orders to iininediutely fori- the Neapolitan frontier. That town is a military poni- New-England and. the Middle States obtained their in- 1 e and a portion of the public undereiand. C.ol. Jonas " the SecefsionifeU now, we ore all done for." Aud s<vtle/>.telvi-K. But when t«.e cooler heads of the Santh TLe jfcVjpcro announces that the.Piddmoatese Gov- cni>iird Terracinn, tl e j>ort of tbe Koman States nearest issue, it teemed at one time probable that, even ifT. Curtis himself. Mr. H;>we 1 abidl aaynothiugfy the liocca d'Anio, on Lake Idro, in tbe Alps of JLam-they Lave su>t*ined, how vast are the. luterests in- t on of seme importance, and contains 8,000 to LJ OOJ dependence, the rnotler country would be left in en tie ground tfcat this meeting, if Buflered to pix>coetarefcitect—of his own fortune, aa well as of sundry tei ing occasion. But thit was not to be done in any .FromT%*London.Time;Nue.21. aovenign,datedGuOta,th«a*din*t.,andooutaiai;jgin-sessionofthatpoint.ThecouncilofMinistersauthor-wilftlhrgivenuptodestructionbyGeneralchurches,andanexcellentstory-teller.Wm.C.Fay,ordinaryway.ThecircumstancesdemandedoxtKjordl*' . The further accounts we have received from Ameri- tere^th.g information as to tue iastructious of .the ized Gen. Cialdini, in case of absolute necessity, to Pukenfcnm," woe exceedingly well planned; and kMk ter^d eittirely to eexinrxn the view we took of the French:Admiral and the battle of tbe GajigtiarTo. In occujy Terrarjra, unless the French garrison of *theWcbafcle results of the Preeideutial electian. It seems Lis letter the King Fnonis II. expresses his firm reso- Pontifical States should opf>ose such step by force. bad not the signing of peace iu Europe in- rtuite clear that these who were on the'spot, aud who, lution to cdheje faithfully to b a military mission ae The occupation, if it takes place, will only be military terrupted hostili'ies, a second expedition on a larger Wetm the ieterest they naturally felt in what was pass- long as jessible. Dispatches fcom GaCta of tire 5th tlie lvcal authorities would reraain aa they are, unlet*' scale, und under better. commanders,"woald assuredlydctcrilcd sarcastically by The 'Travellerasa gentlemanof " great respectability and considerable prominence,"continued fcia labors in the evening at the churchin Joy place, and if he had been prot>erly supportedmight have achieved as signal a victory there us he and1 is associates achieved at the Temple in the morning.Charles A. Brewer and Mfchael Scanlan, and Isaac P.Wainwright and Charles C. Hobba, are men of losenote, tnd I do them a service in briuging them beforetie public in such respectable company. In additionto Cfccate, jr., end Jo. Bell,the bur wa« represented byB. F. Russell and Oliver Stevens. Perhaps those aremuy action. To break up an oftensive nvwitg by such commcnplace methods us the employment of pro- fessional rioters might do in on inferior case,, but hera the solid gravity of the community, it'wa* d^rmined, should be invoked, to lend dignity to the prsv.-tlhxgs. It would be hard, it was said, to regard as *•. o rumo«. mob any gadioring, for any purpose, boweveriu-Huleat, of tfce Perkinses, ana tfce Lawrences, and th-." vwrya, and tfce A'spinwolls, and the other recognked «v.. *orva-torsof eiseential refinements and social privileges* Tha tn oral ell<«ct upon Sooth Carolina of such a ep«k«C^o as tfcese repteevntatma of rorxjst acoomplishm.AUi an4 m<t?t elevuted tat?te rushing laden with consenvdve ce-p g areundtbem; would be the moot lituAy to «xa^ger^ iu>t., brought here by Count Locchesi-Falli, son of thd thev should spontaneously leave the towu to itself. have necended the Mississippi. It is not, indeed, to be| 0 e the probable ceziseqneseee. saw s o reason wouX-^tver to thir-k that the defeat of the Southern candidateirotld he followed by a disruption of the Union. TheSouthern States have, in addition to the other fauita , PROTESTS ON BEHALF OF FRANCIS DLHitherto the necestity for the ocoupation haa hotarisen, and there is some reason to believe that it »apposed that anybody in England ever doubted, orjpBJU-bvr of votes. They could not expect Out tney •should be uble to obtain that number for any one else. While they were" unit*d they were suocceafuL Whento distrust the Strength of every system which is based '•In a previous dispatch I made known to you ia vrhsl which they pretend to have token arms. On the con- fan the depression of a aubject population. There wereDuchess of Berry, cxMifirm that resolution.Vwbk h we j-ointed outjreaterday, been guilty of the ad- The fcllvwing note has been addressed by tho Min- ally the provinces of. Torramo and Aquila, areMiiJencl error of dividing thrir atrougth, owiag to their ister of Foreign Affairs of Francis IL to the dipla- o% errun with. armed, bands, who have not forgotten fcjive no faith in tfce popular assumption that a bully is•will be avoided; The latest Lews come to hand doubtts.tfce personal gallantry of the Southern whites. i* unsatisfactory. The Abnuui, und more especi- E\en if the Southerner be somewhat of u bully, wenot stefe to fight in the name of the oauss forbrave men in Iwly who were wedded to the cause ofm&mexiy ai.d cannot be reversed evon in favor of gentle- violation of Ml law*. It was not enough to take pos- to destroying the bouses of the morcj prominent partil around King Fiancis at Gaota. But the lesson we Lortcn (before mentioned) is of the firm of F. Skinnerdespoiled the King, our master, and all the royal fam-men having such peculiar grounds for expecting every- session of the immense artisticul riches which bis sans of Italian Urity, and murderihif.the owners who lave received ia, that it is never safe to calculate oncolumns of Piedmonteee sent after them. -T^yhrnitnot tho bigfcest mimes at tbe Boston bar, but they may&ry became divided they failed. It is the common 1 A ily of their private fortune, and addedcalumuy to toe their exploits to plundering and ravaging the country, legitimacy—such men, for example, as are still grouped le considered lisiug men after Monday's work. Mr mectto repair the> possible f;-ucture« whicli llv Unlo«thing human aad wiperhaman t/> oombi^e tu tneir favor Majesty, although they belonged to lim by inheri- c a y be so unlucky es to fall into their bands., The NaMed the speech of Mr.Liuooln on the subject of tiUvery, tlem down, but flying columns have now been organ- hardly disdain the negro as a rebel more than the localcVCo., and is a worthy representative of dry-good*jttt£e«h»veho3dersoftheSouthernStates.Whenwe £au»e.hadalwa*aleftatthecommandofhispeople,tionalGuardalonewasforatimechargedwithputting tfceabasementofsubjects. TheSouthernerscan principles.JohnC.Boyd,Wm.C.Rogers,a&Uom theycouldgotfccr,tfceyleapedtothecontest.Some,• » j « i « i « w w **~* .*^wMvJ«*v« .^ ^v, . w.... -- , thtrrby drawing an immense number of poreono to ia*d wlich will probably succeed in apeedily restoring2 eoMiderthe extreme moderation ofthe sentiment thecaiktl; h was not enough to arbitmrily eonfis- order in the disturbed districts; A Provost'a Court has Italian despots despised their people as mutineers. If Charles I ^ k i n W m . J. Parsons, eon tfProfJ?£ yrvre, the same ©onsciousneaB of power aa Sim Tupper-M expresses the allowance that is made for the skoa> ( cat* the runjorats of the PriiK^es, the marriage portions been established at Aquihi, before which all persons the negro is considered half an animal, the Italian was *cne, Plunkett, Mooney, and Marble, Castom-Hottse #e»/j^«i»Afcl^<^thej»re>»di<«s, of theSootb; of the Princesses, the resources of orphans; the lega- taken in arms will be suinmarily triad, and a similar thought half a woman. " My people," wrote K«mj-when we see how vabrlfb* iiawws his W * « w « f cies left to the poor by Ferdinand IL. and the inberi- Court will be immediate^ constituted at Teranw,tit wee wont to alow, and Imagining that by the aim- SVadipand, « bead their necks andobey." Tel a very ciccers {very nobcy and disagreeubleh William pki process of approaching tho obnoodoua dissemina-£* tefrnoiato/Ute aifa^a^«cfJ>h^*37i^o^*»- lanee of *be holy Priocese of Savoy, the adored motherAipijrwall,of the/oldtions of false sentiment, and "eyeing thorn.<*. .•u.Untitled Document<fcHgtl attfetacee from withont cwepi away the Italia^ mittee. {w^:'ifSh<f^^fUrtlyrsi it) and for ear part we do net envy the 8 o n t ^ r a as having been Irritant m season and out of aeaaotu" I whites when onee "a negro^ Qarihaldi wamon^ their Then there were Amorys, Hesithg, Randalls, and so on, rthe epirit, i y a goodly ably remisa in lict giving the «ames of those who were under indictment for an attempt to kduinap)'was oV» M from North etreet, m*ition. But as £be- experiment remains doubtful, with tie chances at present against them, I will stick to the word I have used. There was-one curious feature about this riot and the conduct of the public authorities, and tiat was this: that tbe police officers, acting under tie orders of the Chief, Mr. D. J. Coburn, and thepossession. Certain men bad hired the hall, and were be was implicated in John Browniam, but one ir*cidenfc presumed to be able and willing to pay for it, for the in his history I have not related. When John Brown'a"Mayor, Mr. F. W.•Lincoln, jr., made the curious mis-take of undertaking to atop the disturbance by arrest-ing and ejecting tfce quiet people and legal occupant* of and secure it. His equivocal position is a perfectly* tfce hall, and letting the rioters remain in peaceable natural and suitable one. I have told how d/x-idedl/t /the Union, oompafed with others. . Is it. possible thatthe planters do not perceive that their conrieetiou with for rogues and rascals of all Borts. I do not mean to where to find him." If this can be said of Mr.. Law-ing their peculiar institution ? Looked at impartially,. Another effect of the change which has just taken hypothetical, but the language of a Government it is much more like acontrivance for keeping up negro what the orders werel Dr.. S. G. Howe, finding him- good man for us to send to Congrees, for I see by aplace is one not peculiar to America, but whi^h was wl.ich has issued from a revolution—that is to say, servitude than for weakening it. - The utmost outrage self excluded from the hall,* at a time, too, when there telegram in The Boxton Journal, "that news ofthastrongly felt in England thirty years ago. The South- the national will—and which takes on itself to declareerners and their aBiee, owing to a tenure of office ex- that Ehrope will never recognize the manifestations of v> ith which the) are menaced by Mr. Lincoln and thetending over so many years, nave obtained a monopoly. that will. made by universal suffrage. What is still Republican* is a Congressional measure prohibiting theof cfiickl knowledge and aptitude. So long and so strtnger is, to see a gbvernmeut which has disregarded introduction of Slavery into the North-Western Terri-firmly established hae been their dynasty that the tte rights of legitimacy, and which only exists in de- tories of the Union. Even this disadvantage is not that no one should be admitted. The doctor proceeded some of tfce Boston newspapers now are with re- came of the North has been deserted in despair by the fiance cf such rights, now put itself forward in the to the Mayor's office, and there found the Chief, who spect to the Tremont Temple affair. The Advertiser abkst of Northern politicians. Seeing no chance of rame of Europe, as the legal defender, the residuary necesearily a consequence of the Republicans carrying told fcim he had given no such orders. The fact is, and The Journal have published apologetic articles, dcisg that which has just been doue, Mr. Webster,, legatee of them; But the arguments of the Spanish tte Presidency; jfor Congress is still hostile to the Re-Mr. Everett, and a number of eminent, men of the call inet will not possess much authority in the eyes of publicans, ai.d the Southern planters, Who are unani- piobably, that he had forgotten all about but The Journal seema to have been partially brought tame party, have allied themselves to the South, and. European courts, and will not' exercise the slightest mous themselves, and allied with u powerful minority itj or had given all sorts of contradict- to itM eensee by an article in The Courier, exultingb/influence on the destinies of Italy."^KAETA.THE TJUBUKF/S report of the riot is the best L havaseen, and is indeed the only report of tbe attemptedsought by concessions to the slave-owning interest toobtain a petition which they believed the North wouldnever be able to give them. These'men, the nat-ural leaders of the Republican party, were loet tothem, owing to this fatal rmsralculation, and Mr. Lin- Gaeta.is a second Gibraltar. It is armed with seven tuting a separate Federation, it is surely clear worst of rioters in a disturbance of this kind, and if Ard why should they not 7 coln wiH have to carry on his Government by new hundred pieces of artillery. All the sovereigns, from somebody bad.read the riot act to Daniel J. Coburn,in every Slate of the North, have a reasonable prospect cf even now thwarting their antagonists' policy. But ifory orders, or had given no orders, and threatening in substance, that Sumner, Phillips, and tfce officer at the door was doing his best on his own Wilton, should be served in the some way us Oougiafwas no greater disorder than is frequent in political meetings, demanded the reason, and was told by the police officer at the door that the Chief had given orders" Boeton disturbance is received with eatiafacti>m" i* Washington, " even by many who condemn the act.'- In fact this seems to be the identical posati m in whichiThe Opinion* of the l^th reminds its readers that tl e Southern States once succeeded in consti- responsibility. An incapable officer is always the aid Sanborn were served, if they undertook to ?peak»atlength arrested and silenced. We rejoice thata 700metresinextent. It.isdefendedbyworks cut ia bors,but bythewhole strengthofEuropean civiliza- giveyoutfcenamesofsomeofthesolidandrespectable allusion. Somesayhehunghieheadandblushed, butvaat community of our own race has at length given the rock, and armed with three rows of faced batteries uan authoritative expression to sentiments which are —ere of which has rifled cannon. These batteries to- tion. Tfceji:ore reckless spirits of the South are paah- men who undertook to »et Boston right,!' as yourentertained by every one in this country. We trust to getl er mount about 300 guns, and their line of fire ng on their quarrel in the belief that, if they were neighbor of - The Ex-pres* has it. Before doing this, It ie> due to tbe police to say that they behaved veryI do not credit this.der t vi itbout any very strong feeling of triumph. Ws, ste the Amencan Government employed in tasks mare converges on the points from which the ettack must once disembarrassed of the Union, they could rend however, I must pause to express my regret that the well at tfce meeting in Joy Place in the evening. Therahare lived on good terms vvith his- Democratic prede/ worthy of a State\founded on the doctrinest>f liberty recetsarily be made. The ditch at the foot of the e-<carp- leading men of the Bell-Everett and Democratic parties is a good deal of talk heie about a Metropolitan Police, cef sor: we do not doubt that we shall be able to mainr province after province from Mexico, and fill each suc-ar.d equality than the invention of shifts and devices to rr «rt is cut in tbe rock, and the bottom of the escarpmentu i« the same relations with the new Chief of the perpetuate servitude; aud we. hear in this great pro- / itstlf is completely coverec'. The other fortifled points cessive ucqmsition with their slaves. But Europe so digracefuily skulked throughout the whole day. but I trust, for tbe credit of Boeton, which we are apiI'.. IKii jnalih'ty to agree upon a candidate. Their o^ly hope matic agents ol that monarch. It is dated Gaeta, lath tie traditions dT Fra Diuvolo. The«e bands do a poltroon. But we in Europe have recently learned:i *• -sra*tba.t Mr. Lincoln would not obtain the requisite inst.:manner U-e revolutionary government of Naples had trary they carefully shun all encounter with the flyingI 1State. • \ test of American freedom the tardy echo of those hu- Bet, ahhough this may be all very plain and easy to mane doctrines to which England has so long becomeThe Poet, two days in succession, egged on tbe rioters, to think a much more orderly city than New-York, that unapproachable. The ground in front of the place of corporation of the North with the South which pre- but I cannot learn that either Col. Greene or Mr. Froth- the Legislature will not feel itself compelled to "resortclever fellows, who would have gladly done their duty " Northern Doughface ia inconceivably meaner thanJLpoli;missive xeepecter of pen»ona.of in hk>plnU^ophy tiat hi course of . any man 'wkc*e '.n for any conceivable aatoua:.jtor Mr. Bowe, nor Mr. I'erkh * ternity from North sticet, ov<*t protection, were baimed. It Ce icult to uadeistand why Mr cocrteotfciy fi*serted bis ri#:r tagged out by tfce neck, wailwho -insolently proclaimed hiteen d. Or why Mr. Fred.Boug'iugfcnm was present. Nobody saw Mr. Hallett, or to such a measure of legislat on. Whoever is chose* Collector Whitney, or Mr. Bailey of The Herald, or Mayor on Monday next, Mr. Coburn will probablyIn th<> si u tion in wl :ch _Gi e"a now is, and with the Southern Federation with designs which it would be at w as unfortunately left to such email fry as Oliver Ste- fitted for the place. I should have great coufidenoa ' sea tie'e. remair ing free in consequence of the non-r*c< giitiou of the blockade by the European Powers, no pains to conceal. Nor is there, we take it, the •vens, and Thomas Farmer, and Cherrington, that the disagreeable vigilance of Marshal Freeman, in*• ptcuhar domestic institution," who*» hatred of be*n given to Gen. Vial, a man upward of/ 5*0 years both fides to a-combat of artillery. Tbe besisgers may Monrce doctrine would be destroyed by the very facttt« .North, as d wbt+e fears of the masses of old; bis eon commanded in CaLtbna at the time o( establish mortar batteries and bombard the place; but of separation, and a Northern Union, once divided from have been a cheerful and pleasant sight if we could ing condition of the country, voted unanimously fot?hail a<itm by wti»h they have sorrouaded Garibaldi b lanuing. On the 12th inst. there was light- that means will only occasion tbe destruction of the the South, would not be long in making the discourage- lave seen Mr. Everett himself raising his clarion voicethemselves, have led them very much to over-oaii- ing at the outposts, which , lasted all day. The lath c!;uicl es, p.nllic'bnilciivgs, and private houses, but will ment of Slavery the cardinal.principle of its foreign end fcis,quivering finger, in behalf of the country atmatethe KSI importance of tLe change. Tiiere can battalion of uhasheurs, commanded bv its Colonel, tot make the defenders of it surrender, for the bat- this, crisis of her fate; or Mr. Hallett inter-he LOslave so stupid a*id ignorant as not to know that 1 iarulli, brother of the ex-AlinioCer of War, laid down teries and fc rts are all bomb-proof. The King bad put policy. In short, tfce measure of the dangers of separa-the blow wbii-h lis matter lias been talking of and its urn s and surrendered to the Piedmonteee. Geu. cno wing^of his palace into strong defense, and to it tion is the advantage now derivedfrom disunion. Slav- posing Lis burly form, like Mr. Webster's " broadLincoln and Han lih. Jamee H. Mitchell of Bridge- water, t ne of the Electors, wae chosen Messenger.Moe+g Kimball bae been nominated by tbe RepnhU- cane fcr Mayor. The Pro-Slavery men and Di»umoni#ta have er.ited on Joseph M. Wightuian. Tbe Republi- cans bave teen disorganized by an attempt to noarinata Mr. Tobey, a worthy and able man, but not a Republi- can, who decliued their advances, and left them,.at « late day, unprepared for the election. I hope Mxd Kimball may be chosen, but am not confident.From Our Special Reporter..BOSTOJI, Dec. 4,136d. The ultimate verdict upon the events of yesterday will'undoubtedly be that the want of prudence dis- played in calling tfce Convention at all upon nuch aa.efforts, perfect pelf-devotion, labor.and fatigue, we becoming the victim of a general crusade. But the ac- thoncht we had completed our work of oruemntr the tual connection of the Southern States with the Northrevolutionary invusion of our country, there arrived has tfce effect of masking their exclusive devotion to athe regular army of a friendly sovereign, which, by hated system. The Constitution of the United States, oi gangers and inspectors; or Mr. Lunt, piously liftingMr. Richard S. Fay and Mr. J. Murray Howe weretally be pijodigious. And so, in the fullest f o ^ that nerefcant, J. H. & W. F. Loud, J..T7c^idge jr indeed, had anticipated little violence, feeling, as fcWhig• :-^r-'-StoleCoo- theyeooJd1.otjerry^^^00!! aad mhdne them.So<rwr,*Boston, with Particnlar Directions how to; Podge % Polioemsn," and other elementary works which I hava. never seen, and which I suspect are stiB mapobliehedLI have omitted to mention that Mr. Amoe A. Low« rence was present. I do not think he was syrnpathif* ing with the rioters to any great extent; ^ still Ies%. probably, did he have any sympathy with the meeting* Following the Stebbins rule, he was no don\<t in favorof free speech, but opposed to all measures to protect" a Southern slaveholder." I don't think Mr. Fay hea rapid reasoner, but be seemed to understand thisce i* tJ. e strongly marked o;nrigbt tuffer at.the hands of the agitators, woull nata* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 