.tome Sunn, formerlyAt the call of the rollBaSUe Noth and Wast ITay MaUV ^Itt, I860. massacre of peace-F"*1?^TS'TM***''"'*°«*« week;that fhata hastbapy patdlca mem- No. 8, and a clerk in theipwIssupposed,*!;l?.?5*£°-.?.;'*°^v*'"""«*"«»1 1 i.vBu . t-i^^»I k-m OAUVVKIIU. •rteastMy orgaBlssd ti the ptomoUun of th* aoTassent _ ^tlseBoepitat igrtlieactiolilba .- M»miMIU,TtM«y,Uuehethodlat unrnio of thea aew Cathedralan«-flac>alaiy. The,'Olubrlglit 8nnd«7moniliig, (Fei>.2S,) others. Ataprettylatehourthemeeting adjooroea.hne been in town, oabQence cad snement of theli Mvenl fMhvMMWftaliM kBratntTtilmtttietniaintheEpiscopal CoBftrmees. bew-yokk kabi coBFnxaoi a»*'^^n«~9«itfeD]an.af'tkei>omdta'Bi7 4Mt itosffler MteT. SIbm thai,BTAXFOBS, OOBH.—SHALLSLATCBSLDSIS BBtbelrwerlniB<artheeiDatraetar. Twodollars a^tdaM^wto-wneia tbeTtelnitr^od- ancUonoers, died sTOBKThe New-York; couldnotearn orercontractor, to askanlnereaseof wages. He replied tbat be madeinsmberaofiiiiiiilin preTioiu,terly meetijigJMi.' Tte wUtas thea approached, about S o'clwk in g, Oied.apan and ItUled three men, who In a cabin at lome iltUe distance from lay, then, enterlag lodge Mn. tber diited the ileeplog, and with 'ggUt open and crushed the skiiUs of theF. J. 8rsvsiisAssistant Hanaser, Peter Conllnand Piers, jesterday delivered an «ffl=lal notice Slavery qnesUon, and thecorner-stone of the give employment tothat Its erecHoB would the poor at fair cAbpaasatlon, fulfilW. TTiey 4eBT tbat Oey«»J- In aaotlier dlroctioB, an hoar <w two before, -^i„(j,i puty of whites had Uiled 38, most of them W^^mi and (AiidreB. Ko defence was made. Many ^<a»—iiMirweremakinganhooeetlirlnginthethat as such proeeedingt, are Gke to get into a quarrel with the it should be discouraged by the colored people.Fire opon a Packet-Ship. PROBABLK DXSTECCIIOS Of THK "JACOB A. WBS-by dSSS,"i?S.S5t tyrannical and oppressive, and tber wiMaitJriir.The half-breeds for (beadedWoosaurv,Slaverycandi-No. epcostla^ T,*>«ie»I^COasef tfeewhltacttelr Urea la good Ei^lsfc. On the following Wed-asadsy MsMrewan boleiMrad on the South roik of•e art Wear. Tk* IftnirtoliW IHaac*, wUeh joatiSes house, and who forfeited his ball, by fleeing to thiswas elected 70 by to;MaabattBfikodoflettingTldofdtsagraeablenelgh- City,wasapprehendedonTuesdayattheinstanceofCOEVIITI TO SAVK HER— IHK STEAK FtBEKNGI11E8 PUT IN REQtJISITIOH.Flflur, Meal, I9,044 bushels com, 800 bnsbeis " boabels Wheat,ttfh Hja 111 niitij af aeae killed onSel River jwere kMka aad bad Mlow«. sun laUr, by a few days, 35 'on JBaste PraUe—total of the one week, 188. The Tictims hadhis surety, one Mr. Roscb, and Is now detained until areqnialtlon for his return to Rhode Island Is re- ceived from the Governor of that State Wm. Cur- ry, a laborer, who had been admitted to ball in thismembers of tbe Conference was held, hi wUcb the policy of changing the General Rale was debated, the sentiment being strongly against that measure, as Itwouldremove(>M^^a^^-fio^^,£i MO biaf'wb^'* ASHES—«ales, to-day, SO bbla.. atWUfoTPota.-stonesforUme, under the direotlon of Thomas a member of the Board of Council-about 2S0 membersEFFECT OF THE NEW POLICE LAW. 'WspaekaieoftlMheadsofphosphorusmatches. He CHANGESINTBIFOLIO!COHHISglON—VXW0771-squaddrawing shad poles, immediately repaired to the ship and removed the crew and passengers, nearly all theGairrm was chosen Chief Secretary, and Rev. H. H. tboadrperbve less general than yesterday. Tb sicBSd Sir it sboaldIn- be masked,A. M. 'Orertaalato"iHTad them .during the two of his confine-Committeeswerethenappointed,asfollows:KailsfromSt.Joseph te (Ke.)'instruments.OnPuiKcSteeling, S. F. Zimmerman. J. C. Denloger.phyears'xvallow la alast emergency, and so com-'de ; bat thinking better of it, he had refrained tog hia own life.—CIS CRIATID WHO ABX T<^ BI THE LDCKTsextants and otherThe crews of Brazilian corvette Dnin* Uabtl andState.evaryTha Crescent City BtruU has seen some goldenrnail^ranniTiontfromtheoceanbeach4|ntesL Fine copper has been dlscevered near thesent down the sails of the brought ashore by the police-boat.which were On Neetttiunu Ccuts—B. M. Adams, J. T. Nichols, dinary to choice extra State atnaTCBeata afnobody be-aaiBa plaee. and forwarded to San Francisco as a at the Police Head-quarters yesterday. No littleburningvessel,The Police steamer, while her men were at work John Suchlen. .iBk iat It does not tempt mach. The JacksonrUle Kuffmfl fays rich pUcti mines have been found ne»ranxiety was manifested as to the probable policy ofon board the ship, was sent in search of assistance,and soon returned with the steam lighter Jilfka, be-On 3fu«u»»—The presiding Elders of the several Districts.;; Illinois. Indiana and MlcUgan at $i 503(6 40-Canadian.. Bafbria..., Adrialfe..,>Al>rill3 aprilU.was offered $80,000 for his onefif'h lBtarMt,JMlt declined to accept it, saying that theship.burn--<&t^tt.ltadds,weaHh of the Romscaiuis would not tempt him.inghaviKgslippedashore,• lallla of KaDiua& -B»flojiTorganization of the Board. Mr. Pn-SBuar is the well-General-Superintendent, and Mr.BiBonr is the gentleman who came within a few ters, with a gang of twenty men, were also basled onOn Memoirs—a.Raimd trade brandof•waia kornad down on the 8tn of March,—damage known eflScient £x-forward slowly.J. N.On Tracts—Sohn Foisal, A. V. Amerman, J.N. Shaf- Fancy GeneseeTehama, CiObVonday and Tuesday a fleet of clippers fromOUo, Ohio,^Uttjma. Insared fw «10,000 in the .ftna.fer, Jas. Buich, E. E. Pinney, D. W. C. Van Gaeberd, J. C. Lyon.6S «oa 5 75 e Ooa 7 SO 8 15a 7 75VanderbBt... ..'.... .May i«....New-Tork...'.^^5r IMH Bcaopi.Caotsr,Loonsbury,Shaffer, Q. N.Hoop,shippingbrds. 5 9*a C 10.May l....K««-Totk... May 3....Boetim Liw;thePolicelawcreatedconsiderable^tlrT.N. Lewis, Wm. Stevens, A. Ackerly, D. B. Faron,'Corporatloa Attorney, theJJIS.*"' barenopereooal vialeDceanyinfarorefthepassagebyCaatnaaofaHomestead Iberemevalofttepatleal „Saa^bnffb^-,jg^^>jsasr.lleaisib remenberbm,seeiulncthepiinelaalalnlimtadqoaatttteste foTmltvwithttetewafjkeState,andiaactual tetUata.to the re- quirementsoftheOuaWlliiUao.are heldmonthly,andooo-IhaezpenasaaradaAmyadealhrely tryvolnntary mbatloBl. Tlwittenaansalaatughtdld not exceed twenty paiaoBa, aft toM. In the absence of the Presl- dnt, lu-. Waanm ami Mr. Sraaoaa were, oD motion ofMr.Constttutlon wasread, and snbseqnent to that, addreraes in favorTMi S,"Jf*i'? ?S?*"^ *>» oommnutton Ibe free land seSeme were delivered bv Mr. PooafirmofWiuuawHSiMomiT,A noticedCOBFBBEBCE.East Conference of the Hatkod-nine cordingly walled npon Mr. JoTca,A theandla^e tndaneBiMat of &t meOealtary, derson.George"refractory dock-builder was arrested. Perialsaloa The business of elecdog seven delegates to the Gene- parties on account of (Us atrike, and declan th^tfa» largi C^Sta%^Metropolitanchiefly at $5 40against a who should serve formance of the duties of the office pro tern,, were con-A brutal assault was made Jonn upon Ross,the^ ;throughWhen second story is divided Into eleven company meetinglon. In Nantucket t'OO bbls. Crude Sperm changed hards on private terms.Schooners Sate, Honghtm. Freeman, Savannah, DanSaai * Dl-druggist4liaB with medicines from an array of bottles and make bis seiecilon a matter oftheothertwostoriesareto be" exclusively,baxea bavipg some the labels upside down, othersreading from right to left, anddated States. BbU.Albert Field, Bermuda. Pblllipa.with the•^filers yet, with noifiarks at all to indicate their con-Lbl. Boue. 404,700 6.352 29.776 077,000 a salary of $2,000 each, and changes the rank of the sentiments of envy toward the steam-engines, and one So PROVISIONS—Pork continues salestnserlptionfpuken of, as it has in been,lact,sinceMr. Pu.sBDai'8or squad drill rooms, about 21 by 36 feet in dimen-Sperm. 10,393tents. Without intimating that the public re-ceptacles of aehes, filth, and garbage, in this Cltv,Daylight.Springer, New-Lond«B,vitbBd^se^.aistters worthy of at least a titte of the care whichstructuie. formftoue pillar,regimental drill-room, any kind,^c.%>!!>.Lard favors91^c. buyersslightly. There-tile chuaslastapothecary-boy In the town devotesand Jamaica aie now included675 tcs. andfrom 10)4c.®10^c. * a. Beef is salablefoendable. The naked African wtao aped the gian- fat Inspectorships.16 of fitc. Beef Hams, $12'S$16 V bbl. Butter is InactiveU, „^i'k,Majflow»r. (pt New-H«ve»,) IhiBts«,1(antMa.n hardly more ludicrousof his experiment, than is tnls great town, when its attempted adornment results in typifying the munict- gial topsy-turvy with illomloated guide-boards f<is- lened upside down. The job ofwas certainly never bestowed on the worKnian as a.zeward of literary meritfloor, highwindows, is very striking, and well wottli seeing.of New- Haven.mrattendsnce, but tneResolved, That the Commissioners of Health woaM re- spectfully rtcemmend the aopolntment of Dr. Lewis A-a road willCurrie, Liverpool,BALTIMORE, April U—Below tplight,large The whole building, with' the exception of thelabel some of the streets at all ; by stranger which aThe Pacific University iu Otegon.buildingIs as beautiful and ing prices. (The demand has been moderate. Salesbv the double or thiee-fold ecBjpensated labeling —often with different names—which some of theanddilapidated sheds stells market-place,aw«yttannqfaited,aMofeaciaviiigs,wUoh broagbt an average ef about $1 25 each, withtvtntuallyframea. The one hundred and palntiDg*,of which were sold,large majority of them were sold for a little morein City, and their being urged aiicn our leKislirtor^ by an uo-letieringthelaaaps.treet—not to mentloa the beaulitul simplicity afforded upon me forcefromson of the totel amounts :that enjoyed by both its ends, and numbering tiie boiuea, not according to their order in tlie butsessed of the most important condilions of public prosperity. East of this section, beyond the Cascade Mountains, extending to the north far Into British America, and eastward to the of tbeRepnblicon Central Committee. REUO.NSTIIAXCE AOAIKST THE CITT RAILROAD itlLL.Young Hyson, Bis Hyson HysonSkin Twankay... Gimpowoer ImperialOther kinds Total Green, lbs7,434,616 498,95-"213,04762fl;249 . 2,249,5488,440,963 717,362 142,22465,255029486 'Vf?-;?;1,401.384 140.11312,726,7873.084,043 300,8401S2',363568,743 7,638,203veiselB mstreet, place." "fue authorities have alreiidy undertaken the renumbering of some of the BCets. Why cannot the reform be extenileato theA and largeaigtat. Wind light Mtheir in the '' posilipnof theCentral Committee was held last evening, D. D. P. Maeshall, the First Vice-President, in the Chair. The evening was principally occupied in a warm discus-whole of our 8AJ.S 07 Mb.CB. SAYBEIn accordance with theMissouri,containing many sub-sections of divers characters, as sion of the City Railroad bills passed by the-J... i„ ,„- Bay in tow.great Metropolitan labyrinth ? Bale^hkr':, Coluctiox orAPPOINTII)AOE.M.wind N., lightWasuisoioh.—Theno distant day, to be into the service inan. brought ofture.12,699,490bidding, although some-mon vith most ot ourdesireemphaticslly repudiatewas seldom liberal. Themost of them ol moderatecitizeDS,brought very poor prices.AbyColumbia with its 1.000 population of at least 100,-than the value of tbe frames.seape, said to be tlte work of Sixvatoa Rosa, *aB sold for and a andsation to which he is Alderman Dakbaoh wascontains afrom the Mlssissiooitions.WHISKY"-Sales today,300inat 22c. J .«$12 SO, "Landscape ngnres" labeled from the same artUt, sold for tl£.tion, but same accotmts tiegallon.FREIGHTS—TTic advanced«;''"•**• Thesameto thelege. HeclaimsthattheremotenessandIsolcitionof«hd.iS.I'OObush.Wheat,mbulk,at6d^andS,0O0bash.^^ andaa-first sold was merit,) as Agent of the Board of Health, in ilacc of Dr. P.cckwell, whose term of offloeLase.xpired,An attempt wns made to exclude reporters from themeeting, but, on motion of Alderman Pscx, they wereacmUted.accommooations, most theyRiode Jantlro. The barkWandathirty-onealreadyAn lUUan land-but their owu aelfiflh purposes, to itic in,i')r.vof the beat interesla of our city, and for the further reason that a probable consolidation of these ne^ roadie with those_as hisK.£ '""vaiT, was knocked down to Gov. Wash- He offered an amendment to that effect.foe "Itinerant Preaciwr," apredecessor, and that hiserssBd tbe classes the most odious laboringmonopaly;had tbe tflect of restricting engagements to-day. For150 bales Cotton a Liverpool, there were taken 7-32d.ailaeeIlBaa»««. SAHnv Hook Phots Sii8PX.N-aBa.-Oabyformally prSSif fro^'i?'" j" M"«aAA. ca Mitj, which was a After a debate, which lasted nearly two hours, thevery good picture,ever contemplated in the history of modern leglslatioa laboring for six years lay foundations of a Col- and.securedrakedtbaJi- it eminently, denrable that those Ins'dtutions for the proteetion of tlie lives and propertf of our me- 6d. For Bremen, (iOO bales Cotton, part at Xc, with centea heretofore 18 P"""*^Alderman Giitii opposed it, but it was RhlS.°Pi?*' adopted, by 16 to 8.WS^rcrts. Ourcitizeofl huve used ever.v proper en-rSTi?- I"" genUemandemand it ;makes contributed to and 20 tons ^o." fctnery, by tmsaz Talbiw, for »55. a vote ofwhile itsthe country future iniportiuce deavor toFor London, 30 tons LardCorn at5^d,«6d. at22i.sioneiafortheportofN'ew-rork*"">s». of Paris, to Dr. David Hos- nomination of Dr.Sayre was confirmed, uuder the ;that bare so largely and Influence for good to&s pJots outtUs |£mir*ad " St. John CBa,«?«''l '"*«P'ns on the:hardlyexpectproper«aait Amelia CaaaAVAaafo^",^'«2"o.«.': "y Ui- jiadtteo«erfiw»loo. The^if: 'A^ *«' '^^ '1" t2.5WI, wu-ignored, that these iDiguitous riilrosd schemes might terms bark ;4115CoriUa, tons, to Buenos about^d i-ilt trf';TheNregfilar meetings of 4he Board were fixed forof thebeen East, Including clerg)--$6,000Celeatio,258 to tons,pnbablr.efioeluded, thi! WMMmtt-n'' was sold k, rJ^-.P'*and Br. back, $2,500 ;Tern. SBbooBer fiutuii Queen.Bolmes (pievloiisbrraported bozat at.ABalaailrelajjsQie stevadoTM'"^.sen,fortbMOnoftieo.^QWiae Ibi'B Foutical Unio.nation upon them. Aod we farther aofgest to ships from Chlncba Islands to (£3 Ss.) Valencia, $17a as One o( tba sailon oneof ttis» pipe, saw.JEianwva Waiv-Tei Fiii Laud Movmsst-acharacter of this enterprise We are persuaded thatproper protection to our ritlrenaand, at the same tbse,;brigHanpton tobeen burntflVMag.«rthe Society which has assumed the .tWft washed last night in the German saloon NouniT.Board, yesterday,dno, $4;*hooner,tons, from Cherrymf^tnaP.^,oti^ioa*.38c. and$3;a]«B.aw.Thefor wUiib U has beenISalretloewaest Dare, and thus prevent the aeenainlatloB of deck; a scbooaeTto Porto Rico and bank. 40c. andea^ iHJ"'"vlr.ta -^ '=p""°<J,«d,already received the approval of;•*^P°*''e- "r- E. a. ai-cansedbyoae M"aCoveAt athe following :Imperatively de-Sreorvtlhdeiadgirection of tbe Comptroller of tbe City, toas will afford tbe greatest aecommodatioos mr land and Baltimore, Sacar45c„ and MolassesTha aatiiBi.aeiiordlngXou\.^.'^'?aSy5^aKKF^^'~^ tbcta nxBaeolattons also werafroKBa'M.ntt,-land to Bai baik,SOOtaiB^BaanrBmr, electedresp*ctiv«ly CoairmaBWthmntmrii^ a kntf sutement fromDUTH or Mr. W. E. Wilmebdiko.— E. Wiuaannio, senior partnerSTREET COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE. ILUOAL WOBK.EXCLUDID noU THE OHUBCH?—THEHXW"work ofthebestworkmen ewftatWybyttaar'i^ltladiMMlH,U-.appeai*tkattiwbrutalmacdererawera veaiofhisa«e. Hohadbeencomplalningduringthe makh:gpreparationstowidimtbeandofthesouth Episcopaldenly yesterday morning, asattack. Mr. Wa«anisa was in theson, viz A. PolakPresident,dnty«f (he Church North towards the members of the Church In the Souttemwho aremeet- was, some time since, granted to Messrs. Cromwell, ral Conference, which meets at Bnflialo on the Ist ef tbeybuilding,:;Treasurer,Manager, Josephof this Association ofheld owners of theIme to learn who ordered the alsopresent, and the attendance of outsiders is 'The „„??,°»«*e«P«r»findamateurs,MU(«nea Uyit thera «•• not a gun. bow or airo w on on Saturday evening, April 7, the following gentle- work to be done. Not receiving a satisfactory;William C. Miller:which has sot'the American Coloolxatko and Society,•tbe conclude Bishop SianoK presides. Upon tbe vole for Secre- as Comjrittee;been at once mule to theStates,Involved lu theguilt of Slavery.*"— ThiAtbicasCtviuzATiovSociiTT. A•VlUbrium of baaHh dis- SchioSoSs,e?hr22'r„'3*?.*°/""« '» »!>• ebop-tbey to domlnanee of tha Meatil ovar tbe aoicalu aiSLJS!^dally. The last item telegraphed from Yerka con- all of which have the Worthlngton pumps on board, ..fH^milt, says a ledge of almost solid gold has been Messrs. SriLuuir, Snumn«n, Uusaorriz, Bailiv were soon alon/iside and numerous streams of waterF. W. Dinger. Superfine State On Sunday Schools—J. G. L. McKeown, E.R.Keys, Extra State.Ha95 3Sa 5 SOAagba-SszcnKdlnbargbPersto......^ Frinee AlbertAragoJ1«J •-, 'e«teola?oTM"»» Amerlea;-.Aiiifli8...:Biiii.7..., -April a)....ntttai...4ikm aoaie twenty feet below the surface. Thomas and the two Mr.F. W. Chadwlck, L. B. Marks, C.JosL..ttetTTbrk.^ Vev-Tork....Ii«iBowxii re- tained, and Messrs. Ahos FiLSBtiaT and Joas G. Bsa-i5 45a 6 30 5 :oa 6 40 8 753 6 85sidered as strengthening his claims sufficiently tober of blanhattanGeneral Post office, whoChatham-street to overtake hisnear the corner of Pearl street, his uniform attracted,[jmon; ITorth, Merrill. Jaeksonrllle, HoU *great pioljAbility. fne name of Joh.v A. lissHXDr was, however, freelyCompanyA. P. Howe.Applegato, Petersburg, TanBruntkresignation.The new law creates fourthe attention of a of " Dead gangSloop 'Willard, Buckingham, Newport, Arrlred.-commonly 'yclept "public tkoroughlares," contain Deputy Superintendents take rank as and with club, that lalJ hhn on Inspectors, ^Jieavy prostratejelements so well adapted to sanitary purposes as the the Captains will furnish the oUier two if they are the walk. His head was but terrioly gushed,largerooms,8 75 for New Mess $17:$14 06?ia$14 12)4 for NewPrime,.afteiwaro^iTSS lotheDTSPIF8IA, BMHT, An> VSySB An AOt;^'Woin'i SeaiBnuiMr. wu. inthewel'-lmownday bey say, li tbe' standaid price dtutegirtBtar foriiwir<>' »"ing of the colored people of this City and vicinity isand woawn. The total kiUed on thg, to be held this evening at Zion Church, "to pass the inside of the pier, to widen ttelr portion, in order whether the " General rule onof whom only fire were judgment on the African ColonlzatlooOn- Sooth Beach, about a mile away from is asserted that this Society has similar aio^ with parties not having received official sancfion to their from the Church.aiMiDii^MiDlitan, stadaats,wwo lifty-6»e,Ssoie^."Itness, tut It was extended to and the other only them,cipline shall be changed so as totoinltbSaetflnrplteof the workmen, the Archbishop or aavbodTtfM^ toBeaftte ^^'^-'ilSMSr^^^^PaUce Beparta. OTSmTAKZH BT jcsnci.tary the relative strength of the Antf-SIarerT and public to Conservative parties in the Conference was calledapDiOTeoibeeou^eySw id^tel.CIIrataali%aentforUcarCietfltaaanmrr yaristy, aad^made. to orderCharles Iiamont, a Frenchmao, who is under indictm«Btat Newport, R. L, lor keeping a disorderly—^M :The ship Jacob A. Wcstervelt, Capt. Williams, I of paaaa wttsthe whites, and relied on City some months ago In the sum of tl.OflO for trial on belonging to H. L. Ricn * Co.'s line of Liverpooltor P«Sir»100 »r Stort^ good Influence of the Inspcctton Warehouse, this moralna i 243 hhia.Mayors being dropped;axn added. Mr. Bowxn has been Treasurer since the grounded head to the wind. This circumstanceParker,On Publication (/ Minutes—J. fl. Lent.votes of\ catpe In side by side, just 100 days out from State Senate. Messrs. Bowxm and Bxaosif are'staunch man, W8B tiilien alongside the on theVsw-Tork arrivedthe Great and Ocean RepubtierepresentingMr. Spihola's district intheFireNo.20, GioBoi Suit, fore-Inferior to choice ExtraOn BibU Cause—Jos. Holdlch, L. H. King, J. B. Southern Flour has been brisker and firmer. The:Engine CompanyMissouristeam-lug and added another 145 days. From Boston, the iteyiari, la 127 ocrat, and no little Interest is exhibited in the ques- poweriul stream to the many alreadv on the fire but.J\ thajfairy Bettings In 119 days, and Good and strong Republicans, and Mr. Fusboet is a Dem- Jasnes Howard, about 6Waiiely.On Ttmperance—'B. M.sales, amotmt to today,at$6 05a$6 25Prince PersU.. Teutonla.5?^^"^•^mtj^m. Jbe 'Krfnumirr in 148 days. 'Merchandise jaf.aAaorta is cheap, and there is quite a housekeep 4*clkTer.bred by the market reports.tion as to whether tbey will ail pull together.and at 7 J4 o'clock tbe mizzen-mast tell over the storn. Fields, T. C. Gremm.April l....Haaburt. April S....BaTi«_.. A»rU«...JJ««pesl..InsomequartersitIsfearedthattheThaActthatMr.SuMmovoftheBtUUtinhasbeen luntheCommissionasapoliticalmachineforthe EngineerDxckxbdispatchedthesteamjkUm oSbls furniture preliminary to sending his iamlvlustJinavisit,hasgiventhehungryreporters apporttmUy to write an item to the etfect that he JsaTaatbe fiitiMm,—and next day to contradict the Mmt,aponthebestofauthority,asuntrue.fire-engine Manhattan, No. 8. to tbe burning ship. She was takenFlour continues in request at $3 50 a $4 35 for fine and April «....8oatbaBatga.1few-T« superfine,9bbl. ComMealissalableandsteadyat ^eriocfa. April7....UTeT*eal.....Bialaa:nowis to Presidential campaign, making It a strict party affair,On Oakley,W.H.Ferris.and ruthlessly sacrificing all but the true blueoffbyoneofthe reachedthe Jdo.Luckey. ]Repat>- In that case Mr. Pilsbdbt would, doubtless,Feck-slip Ferry boats,vessel about 10 o'clock, and quickly got two heavyCity Baltimore.. April n....UTtrpaat....JI4«.Ta* North American. ..ApriIU....Livar»aoL....l>BrllMi.planUpon application of the Board of Underwriters, ChlpfColoniiation-W. P. Strickland. D. D. ;bbl.; IjOCObbls.weresoldwltlilntherange. Rye NovaSeetlan April4....LtT»rMia.. BorussUwhich have not yet orginizod utder the law should ran off, neither of which took effect, however. Ills require the other two. The towns of Newtown, wound was bound ud a-t- a- neighborinpg drugo-storelb. Bacon has been lightly dealt in at from10.AprU took a pUotsioners, is quite anxious to fill the chief clerk's shoes.Other kinds are quiet, being rather sparingly offered. SALTPETRE—Sales in Boston, 1,755 bags, atM «^»«»«»- »• ^-^No have ever beencharges preferred against Mr.cnrgo consists of the following articles5,720 bush- rials, iron and brick.Brig Samuel French, Crosby, Ea*t]>ort fish to Stnrges & Co.ds., wUkrpawn- 7 IS barrels resin. 30 bales merchandise, 85i>oxesdu.. are concreted. The outer.&ower of general over police supervisiondsh;following compart-, l«»»-60.PitSBnaT,wouid no slaughter houses,at the lecture-room of theSchr. i^ariih 1,'ew-Bedfora. in hallaat, Guidncr,Schr. Superb. 2<itct ell, Norwich lo ballast.Schr. State, 'Vrrrlll. Norfolk, witb oomftffj Bayresolutions re- cently adopted by the Commissioners of Health, tiie Board of Health was convened yesterday for the first...time in more than a yearResolvea, 7bat bis Honor the Mayor tie requested toThrough the Columbia and Missouri valleys is theand a Committee of five wasandSa;re.(R«ideQt PhysicianThiough these valleys, fromgreat lakes, is the only belt of habitable country ex- tending Horn sea to sea. bl.v:adopted,the remonstrance to Governorappointed toCcngou TowchongPekoeOrange AnkoiSouchongAlderman Gxnxt moved that Dr.Agent of the Buard ol Health, to receive the compen-scrnuuloos who have no iut^reats to subaeive lobby,figures. WHALEBONE—Has been... inactive at oldon compensation,ley, Itom Calcutta.»—Alderman Gskitresolution, in constquence of the ameiidment whicii had been made.Vlmaa ili .noes,iBalaM^e'dock. She will be stripped, N«a«lk«d, nea^?oppeiedandreIa5tened,of the fire on boardTbe ori«io of tba baik FanayA motion, that the salary of Dr. Sayre be fixed atlaid on the table— 19 ayes,fbe firsrhlonday In each month until otherwise or- dered. Adjour.ceU.of theas tbehere advocated, and that its establiabment on firmmeetingresolution, introduced by Mr. Low, was adoptedone which isto tbe-followingPaianaaa, aim lax Apotasosis oraalaof Mr. J. N. Baiuthe's large collection of oil-galatiags and engravir.gs was commenced ai Ms resi-daaee. In Fourteenth-street, last evening. There was convene the Board of Health at his earliest coovesieDce. This is far the shortcut and most available route for conveySayre legally entitled.beappointed,.10 —Tbe Fetter, from New-York, arr. hsf*tocondition that Dr. Sayre receive thebbls-,, , .Hinck-W^ r"?^'onlyaudited by the Commissioners of Health.of land by the General Governineat.In the midst of this countr}- Mr. Makss has beenpetitipn. and thus fasten upon tax-pa.verf, houiiehoid-rates claimedhare^.the educational Interests of Oregon•toaccommodatetheir busi- rapidly Incressing freightSlavery" In the exclude daveboldersthree and Mr. Jorcstwo. and especially Berrfb^»~-i?^^5''"»€|>c y<nHi^ ^MBg, ttitcrt<g, Olprit if, imp.NowttulMUHMBMKto. __2S5S^proo?>2S?1£o.2SSr^agS^il^ ,msw IherM? that the MU cl the pbfsieiin-S dSefSrser- vlcet never rendereC eagbt aat to be aHnrad bv them Mdthatthesaidbmbeje&rted tithTSTMsSfof thethr^SSSSL'"""^to"that some parties were driving plies and plectlc Blx^-firi« istUb and own justoommesceditsTwelfth thosoewnregolatloaf likpeaidtbuie.m ooupdrices,and torlart week, but was not considered dangerously un-services wlU be held at Grace Church on Saturday at a o'clock. —side of Pier No.by the owners of the Virginia line of steamships.Aftercounterfoita and "in"it'o•ti"aTMaa' :O"a•Secre- W. An-charge treated withtbe work to desist, batNo. M hasbeenseizedastheflttlngoccasiontodedde TM«SL.I^yj;TM'""*to»e«veteeSSsrte?toSl I.s,firefqunBj^it'lySdte^etirn^yirtf^^Zt;a''e'o^aaeqoaneaoftbanoSof fifteen men on——in thelMelro- and he went on board the ship to work, out toe painundividedwithout braceorobstructionof from^ <a11Wkterbary.andat 6 P. M. it ael la Highlands bearlns N. w. bsFlushingto labeling bottles on the duity shelves of a sbc >. politan Police District, but as thsy, like Richmond under which he tailored in conseqjence of his injury up as it does the entire area of the third story, it is. mainlysalescomprisein bbls., lots,and Westchester will The manner in which has been accomplished t*;e Counties,Tuesday evening,street is houses and unsafe buildings, with the summary Mabsb, of Oregon, made some statements in regardnoes, 8.publicmattured, and has. proposed,1 College hasbe pushed to a coDiummation;bark,-r . i'respects soil and climate, but the most of it llkelv, atLegisla- The following resolutions were unanimouslynaturalthe Pacific RaDroad, aid here be built.greatblghwayoftr.-inscontinentiiicominerce.•'•^ slarT for the iiast2;vr„Mh^l,!L'?* i?**'acv^^<MSHday or two since the Street Commissioner wassktlligs.plaints,ttaogly Ctatalhlrowners of the Savannah line of propellers, who lease Maywasrunning Company.;;date,TIHTELT BTFlfts BfrORTSOFTDEHABBOR Committeeswerethen40appointed opon Slavery,tsemerof Beade-st.,from theThdr mat crime was ttut the whites sus- Geo., to escape from justice, was arrested there a packets, took fire yesterday, about 3 P. M., while The speakers were Bev. Dr. Nuhhak Bibss, Rev. COFFEE-Sales, to-day, have been confined to 50 k^**' ^'~'"' **" *'l«t<wea for tbe Sprfacrity. Thay were not area ebargeci with a charge of forgery, and who went to Savannah,Slaverythe Church.Labab (Tlaski, M. L, Bcdesxb and others. NEW-YORK CONFERENCE.Includfog LOST bbls. Pots, and 20« bbla!PoarS.tMBiiMMtlleaMMmtaln Indians had taken few days since and returned to this City. He Is now MgtkMiwhenhardpressed. Thenames confinedintheTombsawaitingtrial.at anchor In tbe Northmate Java, at ISJic : 50 bug Rio, sUmminas, at 13o. and20bagsSt.Domingo,at12J4c.«1,7^• "superior to any emr oCoed w^^ beforeOnfT gOW MWJlOB.efUMknva ass who brained the cbUdieo har^not^Mtwtthhla own hatshat he alew 30 .women and shiHrm In one day, and that another man who pro- ^mmi la kara-beea eaptata of ttie outlaws siys thitin the upsettingCOTTON-Hm bam in request at unaltered pricei. Sales, to-day, I.OMbaks.kmkaarti*er,'ttatlheralsafoUawln Eoreki who boastsCSBBTISO OJW C0BBI.I-gT0XX8.originatedpobllated..One wiltar lor the BulUtat Kys,sad Wm. MoManns were arrested bytheof acompany with a bey, for theTheilHM klilad <0 tafaata.ftau bna, for the mvder of Juiis MoQcasi, ongers, 18 in number, and while thus engaged the boy>fet the fall ; It and set fire to the cotton lamp broke,13HFEATHERS—Live Geese are In limited demand,Nortb— Albany,'DnSySeventy-flrst Annual Session of the New-Jamesyesterday morning by Offlcen Woolley and Cabre of the Twentieth Precbut, for carrying off pavlng- stones from Sixth-avenue, near Thtrty-fifth street. They stated that they had been carting a.way thestowed near by, and in a few minutes the smoke was•ttaflbinst., protastlnchls bmocence to the last. men, in whose employ tbey were. Their excuse, so dense as to defy the exertions of the men sent be- first day of the session. Tbe Conference wasj S«rtera bUl, ns Kile Bailraad, Hf A. M.V>dikaVfllM.teiuiy, 1898, was executed at dtocktonA.at p/lceMaiirlDg from 44ce50e. 9 k.11 ANU MBaL—The market continues brisk BOTthand BoothwetternJIan" ....&f"-- Twic*hahadbeentdad,andtwicerespited. Hisim- BSlaoBmeat has lasted orer two years. The last ef- jJMtstoaeaeggaltthtmwaa grounded on the fact that the aMaf witness against Um,»as aTork—hence a negro '^-aad haaaa Ineapable of testifying sgalnst a white a*. Joat as ha was going to die, lie gave tiM Sber-however, was not deemed valid, and Justice Qcaci- SRBDBn committed them for exainlnatlon.CITY GOTBRNKENT.2^ .SMA.H S7.lying Tbefire wascausedRiver, outward bound. between decks, aft, andlamp. The carpen-Jrade,ter had in gone below,purpose of procuring stores for thesteerage passen-York Methodist Episcopal Conference commenced inthis City yesterday morning, at Dr. MoCu»toox'sChurch, In Fourth-avenue, Bishop Soon predding.(Mlaary «». MiddUng..'.... Middling Fair..»»t7HM-e.a«i 8low to the flames. extinguishThe Harbor Police sicAmboatcabin ship's sails, some rigging, captain's fut^ture,StateandWesternFlour. Thenews•istee Albert and Anglo-Buaon,. less encouraging, has not lessened the dUposi-rery inDd.East fur Boston, br Banned «astfcrBoetoa;b»8tSSbit.:*!*.r.. .« S"Tbeevery Monday and at 8 Thnnday,qnlte scarceThe news of the passage of the amendments to ly on board, and in a very short time cut adrift and Brown. Jeremiah Mllford. W. H. Evans. fine State at $5 25e»5 32ii, chiefly at $5 30; or-maAof the United States revenue cutter McLane were ear-itokgad 0( Applegate, some twenty-fire miles from the new rigime. Ai stated )n the Tnas of yesterday, longing to Mr. H. FoBB, of Brooklyn. The steam togs On Eiiacation—J. HcClintock, S. D. Brown, G. D. inferior extra Ohio at $6 7fia$5 85 rotmd-hoop Kangaroo.. ;JaeksonviDe. The Ian claim stories Increate in size the new Board consists of but three members- Mtrcvjy and Samson and the steam ferry boat Bed/ont, Drarer, Silas Fiteh, Richard Wheatley, J. W. Beach, extra Ohio, shipping brands, at $5 Soa$6 10 » bbl. NlssareM, AprHMwere thrown into theTbe anchors of theAudrus,J. M.D. L. SoperfiiM Western Extralowaand WlecoosinExtn Illinois, Indiana and tficnlgan. Inferior Extra Ohio25a 5 35^caused the fire to workExtraboard breaking out cargo.Extra Geneseebeenshe was towedvesselbetween Bedlow's and Gibbet Island, where sheOn Ministers—The Secretaries.Capt. MxaaiTT, of the Board of Underwri- Lewis, M. D. C. Crawford. agentExtraI5a 7 00shipo'clock,Sa-...UTamel....Jtel^rtL;In spite of every exertion, the fire gained headway,Adams,Bloomer,D.poortoBaltimore,<Scc.Bishop Scon then briefly addtecsed the Confer^ce, urging the importance of enterlag upon tbe discus- beinagloriousminority. AtalleventsthetwoRe- •here they burried with great fury, ffhe sionofthevarioussubjectsthatmightbebroughtbe-«3 55et3 65 for Jersey; $4'at4 OS for Brandywlne, ^ bbhllcans." «"*' •streams upon the flames, about midships,-Vae charges of corruption in our Reform Super- publicans, Messrs. Bowis and Biaaiir, will hare the Union Ferry boats, the Croton Water boat, the fore them in a spirit of conciliation, forbearance and proved prices. We have heard of sales, since our BammonU-LiTer»eol HcvTericWew»Tetk18. . . . ~April Soatbamptoa.Vew-TeA"GRAIN—Wheat continues invisor*, bnm^t in the Senate by the enemies of our held all to themselves if they wish. By many It is ije- Metrcpolia, Nassau and Gowanus were llkr- brotherly love. Reports were then made ucion last, of 90,000 bushels, including AVhite Canada on S?"?*-April Il....t,iverpooL.K*Pril 34.... Havre AprUa8....Uver9eol.. -Jler-Torkroa XHS wan rxvtxa.April U....New-Tork. .Bav.ur.a, ApriU7....New-Tork... .Bav.*ir.O.'ing the responsibility of whoever is to be his succes- though tlie firen-.en are continuing their efforts In hope preachers will not be announced tmtllthe laat day of and also the increased claims of shipowners for-Tbe JSotiere (old line) steamer arrived here Tues- sor. But there is one section of the law under which of saving a portion of the cotton and naval stores. the session. The annual sermon was preached In St. freight-room to British ports. Com has been less tttatikmn aucahao—van dat.day afternoon, with New-\'ork dates to Feb. 20, it is barely possible that Mr. PiiSBimY may be his own Tiie vcsst-l was scuttled where there is but sixteen Paul's SChurch, Fourth-avenue, last eveningby Rev. sought after to-day, and prices closed in favor of San rises. . 5 2t Son lets.... 6 3S| Koonsek.... IW ICity Water Works, stood a tingle night's investiga- lieved that this will give Mr. Bovia even more power wifc sent cff to aid in the and the condition of superannaEfed and sunernu- private terms: Canada Club at $1 25White (Win- superior..Rew-Tesic-.and then the prosecution broke do than he nas heretofore exercised, which has been ^-n. bytheir extinguishing fire, merary Worlhington pumns were put Into operation,;Red goodjHoa,TwD^ays, now, the I'ollce Court ha.? been trying to no means insignificant.clergymen.ap-Western at $160;ordhiary ordinarydo., veryceleritybuilding, the first story is to be used as a and l,21'6bbls.Crude Brigs AlamB,IofoIIs,Elizabetboort, C. & K. J. Peters- Whale, part at 45c.®4«c. ^gal- W. Uaaon Gardner. St. Mary'a. MUler *who areInspectors of Police, at hangers-on of an Engine Company who entertain long by 36 wide, and the other 42 feet long by 36 wide. Same t!me last TearRabbits,"present inspectors to that of Captains. The present of tbe scoundrels dealt him a blow from behind ive of the twoApril 9,purpose to which the Regiment may see fit to devote .dmigist's Ipecac and arsenic, we still believe that appointed. It is believed, however, that the present /while still lying on the ground he drew a revolver, them.;?. bbl. Cut Meats are qulft and droopingShip Hane. Havre Hsrch Asklns,wethe naming and numbering of the public ways are two will suffice, unless some of the other counties and discharged three shots at his assailants as they The third story, the grand feature of this beautiful Hams at 8?ic.a91ic.; and Shoulders at 7c®7i<c. SSfire, supposeddeck were destroyed. At that, time she was only 48 large, low windows, 6 feet wide at the base—Mess; $5'it$6 for Country Mess, extra, and $4®$4 75 forbyincenoiary, is over 'iU feet at the it ing vety high, centre, makingloR. 44 16, sigialiied a sUp showing M distlM^' April S saw a large propellar, (Br.,1 In lat. IS I'tonsIt is valued at $60,000. and is insured in this City. Her truss beams, is built entirely of those fire-proof mate-brokers, licensed vendeis, junk shops, cartmen, intel- 31 bales rags. 100 half chests tea, 7,200 staves. Total vanised iron, and the intericorve :ceilingof the thirdSchc. CoDgresa. Cole, Macbiaa lids., with spats towhat an Inestimable boon to who are poor persons_portingtheroof.The exterior of tbeaM „,oppiessed in these places this police supervision willlamaa oiuamlng his whereabouts as he would enjoy prove. It will operate as a summary cure for many UESTI.XO ON IIS BEHALF AT BET- DK.as its dhnenslons are and have teen reported of 543 hhds. Cuba, at from fiiic.a largeat tbe apper cxoislnnofla the aUddle of the Arabian desert. Other streets at present incurable evils, among which Peter Fiink-Broadwayis afifurdeJ as littleto thesubstantial. The style of the architecture is simple 65ic,;6«hhds. Porto Rico, part at 7c.; and 169 btils.base their names, like Causcu's laws, printed so Sam, tai stuck so high, that only a telescope can bring them down. Nor are all these clumsy neglectsitreets Even when the enjoy.i&m wiJl be not the leastThe sanitary features of tlie bill, under a vigilantadministration such as that of Mr.doubt be of infinite service. The supervision of ferry boats, manufactories, tenement—CHURCH BBUABKS OF PRESIDEKT MARSH.feature of great im-provement to its locality, and a not unworthy neigh-tier of the Institute. CooperThe little square or park, so long disfigured by tbePhiladelphia.important.prlme,atlOiicaVSHc.Schr, Lovell, Empire,Schr. Joho C. Calboun,for Boatoa. Boston, for Albmag,iI!^,1,418burden,floors, which are, of course, covered » ith roof, supported byplanking,Liverpoolplentyheavy, includinghis fidelity to his patronis bad enougk, though the name Much good, it is expected, will result from the bacrn, 1,167 tierces lard, 120 casks rice, 234 hides, Seed have been have been well da^.'^lh^^teSfti:at the polls having probably much inore to Embbbb, and the talk concerning his removal is dou'jt- els corn in bulkdo with the matter. T.'iis Irrtgulaxltyi of in- less mere speculation. w heat, 2,CS9 bales cotton, 450 tierces beef, 156 boxes of arched brick-work, and the intervening spaces be- SEEDS-The transactions In Clover and Timothyaei^ittonsof toe street can be read, if the inquiring traveler wiuaaly climb the post and read from tae inside of thelaaut, or resort to the circus expedient of standing on ligence offices and auctioneers of watches and jew value, $175,000. Supposed to be mainly insured in story is to be plaster, put upon the truss-worlt sup- U<head.ButworsethanthisIstheuiterneglectto ehy.Anyonewhoreadsthedailypaoersmustsee Europe.|quest at Boston, cbieflv at $1 721i5@$I 75 «i busheLSPELTER—Plates'Sfic-aSHc f, lb.SUGARS—Havebeenmorefreelyofi'eredatdroop- Schr.Hebe.(Br.,)Bent.Windsor,N.8.,»ds.,;;ceilingslb.,1,672bagssixtween the massive iron cross beams aiid the ceilings light, though prices Sbhr. Mary E. Manram. 'Whalen, Oloaoester 4do. in6,865 bushels Theofthefitstandsecondstoriesaremade 103sc.ai03io.^months' credit.OnMadison-avenue Church, (Dr. Ajams',) Rev. S. H.—.:previous rates. Gunpowder, WHcdiblc.; Imperial,on the North Pacific coast, illustrative This handsome structure would, indeed, seem too 34c.®46c.; Hvson,37)4c: Young Hyson, 29)4c«56c. Sloop Thomas Hull, Hull, ProridcneeIn this Ume of domesticseen the tnd of his embarrassments; (or the same Infinite service. The provision with regard to the especially of the need of a College in that region. ite was not to make its home there. It will cott, Souchong, 26c.®31 He. %( tb. Returns of the exports SAILED-Steamsbip Arabia, (Br.,) ibr 1rightthe anxious seeker after a tenement or boardingby the imme- to the diate action of a magistrate, it is thought will be of— liODaecountryour favor- HjBonTwankay, 27!^c.®31}4c.; Ooiong. 35}io.®3Sc.; mdse. to master.found, meihodsof abusesinthem correctingbe roundingsareto removed.4 Sohr.ElizaJane.Hawea.L'csnia da,wlt~h^pilgrimages—has notnumbers often are used by different houJes In a single cleaning of tenement houses will entail much dutyregeneratixjg ihose pest-houses of the poor.The new Board will probably hold Us first ineelingin a day or two.THE BOARD OF HEALTH.stately for the main object of Its erection, if when completed, $230,000.The section of Oregon and Wasliington west of thebut. in the deplorable event of theby giving a part of the street a different nime from failure of the Health bill, may do something toward is capable of supporting a dense population, and pos-of Tens from ail ports In Ccina to the Halted States,WIND-During the day frem norUiward.By Telecnak. HIOHLANOS, April u. anaaet—NoSANDT ITOOE, No Aprlia, sunset—Cascade Mountains is the finest on the Pacific, andJuly1 to Jan. 28, alTordthe I8S8-0.valleytlte basin of tlie Columbia spreads out—a vast region,Sound to theNorthern Oregon and WasUlngton as the terminus franchises ts a bacd of monopolists, who areconnectedmiles of navigable waters with the interior, must ul- limaiely be the great maritime country on the Pacific.the er-joyicent of vast in our special rrlvilegesof this, and This sectionthethere we couldour money, allot which good and mach-dr?sired publicmeasures have been strangled, passed by and utterlyCaldera;shipKotethat,withoutIt,men to be found for the pulpit, the school and forlife. The planwe, therefore, as citl- zecB, and in our capacity of representative itepubli- prominent csns, carneitlv call upon his Ksceilency, Governor MOBGAN, to fix by his vteo his seal of CODdem-Ayres, Cadix and MalagaPugetremonstrateand Nlngyoiig,ia leaking badly. Arr. Ma brigKSAVANNAH. 11.—Tbe »L Aprilof Oromwell'a Una, arr. from J.ew-1 terday.00, attractedwilling vole for the mo- ness of the climate and soU and the large allotments now in existence would prevent, rather than make com-valley by the fine-lots,i;wail to wall or floor toceiling.Iadimension, takingported•*o«re able to •>*% ibat of the Haaia bUl la tbe*!! east tbeir bread upon the waters."Clmrcb has1 3, North River, leased and occupied Annual Session at Stamford, ConnecUcot The busi-wbo did not leave.; tJiat a .^ffin had attended an annnal dance on. Indian Maad (aboat a mU* frsm Eureka, the Couat; Seat «r BuBboldt>4b« conTeyed the in-•m laUad, that (fee Mrsges were entirely dereoce- men were unanlmonsly elected for the ensuing sea- "y^U. M'* **fle> Superintendent of Wharves cussion touching the relatloBi of the Church to the ter to ArchbUbop HcoBxs' atatemaBt on larlBC the clotts, driSetsf ti°r'a5'Lno^it arar-anziaDi t» Meet the m^e IndianswflL- The funeralBisiNO SiAR HiSTBiosic U.vio». At a quar- inch a procedure, the Commissloiior sent to the usual arevainly searching for some oflteial for aothorltrprobably ocenpy It for aFebruary, and althongh committeesto the in It was partyofcontempt, and cnapltlat havingness of the Conference wlUof fiveweek ormore. A larger nnmoer of atoce waited opon Mr. Jtnat, they,out. Rev.G.N.GENERALMA RKETS.theAnU-at the first vote, vtea voce-'"FOLICB AND OF THX CBEW OF rHB BRAZILIA5 the examination of character."andIntbe afternoon,a meeting ofthe conaervatiTe dbUusc.e,^ce2»t bbls.Com AAoe."theaa lut, Bare been 2S bbli.to a much larger number than luuai on theby from the prayertheir names— answered openedBishop, and, after admiuistoilngant for.Overlaad Mail br CaUlinala laavsa >with aboard, being near at hand, ceeded to the election of Secretaries. Rev. Bxim- tiab tbpqrehase. The demand baa beenMagnolia,the Sacrament of the Lord'sSupper, the body pro-though beingFuensoH and Rev. P. Warb Assistants. The usualquiry ftom the home trade has been fair, and with tbe Louis."oallB from shippen and speculators, has enabledhold- The OreriaadRev. Dr. CaAWToao wasbut notwithsLindirg tiicir efforts to save the 'forward pointed to prepare obituary' notices of Rev. ter,) at $1 40 ;Some curiosity is manifested as to thecourse of Mri.PiLeBiiET with regard to the GeneralAaiB (worn—the trouble being that thev all read the the piece himself, and resigned in consequence of a whole interior of the ship was a mass of fire, and all ing the session. It is expected that the session will have been effected, were It not for the reluctance ofaewniapers. To-day a new venire of 36 has been or- lack of power, he will have ho excuse for not realiz- hopes of saving her hull had been abandoned, al- continue a week. The list of appointments of holders to accept the prices ofi'ered by purchasers, Hortb SUr April »... .Vew-Toik.. ..AspiavaU.^ a Dr. Chabx anew trial on theget jiU7 tojlve chargeprobab'eof the the fire had part ship, soincreasedThos. Davis and Rev. W. J. Fobs. On it motion,Milwaukee Club at $1 25ai 30 ; to ordinarytamperlagwith the acids used in the Mint. A panelmairniast went the board atwas decided that the Conference should meet atSitthat the by lO;^ o'clock, and thestrictly prime Chicago Spring at$l 22**1 25; and fair redMosea Taylor; of lOOjnrors was exhanstetl, when ten jurors uoiy had Superintendent's powers and duties. Having held foremast fell soon afterwards. At 12 o'clock tne o'clock A. M., and adjourn at 1 P. M., each day dur- Southern at $1 45 ^ bushel. Heavier sales could Kahiak.and.tOO passengers. The Overland stage, with tele- successor. Thi.' is a clause proviaing vhat, " In tlie feet of water ?.t low tide. This was done at the re- M. D. C.Cbawford, pastor of the Duanestreet Church buyers. The reported transactions comprised 23,500 Biee WATSS—THIS PAT.graphic news from New-York to the 21st, oeat lain absence or disability of the Superintendent, or when- quest of one of the ow ners, but it proved a fatal mis- in this City. A large audience was in attendance.bushels, chiefly at /5c. for mixed VVertern. 72c. Sandy Eook.12 56 1 Gov. Island. 1 44 [BeflGaCe.... 3 0( . for unsound white and yellow Southern, 76)ic.®r7)«c.about half an hour. The Orizaba (Vacderbilt) ar-rived this morning, and among her passengers 1 see, -fat and full of hope, Edwaud Pspper, Esq., who usedever a vacancy shall occur in that office, the Presi- dent of tbe Board shall possess the powers and per- form the duties of the ofiide, with proportionate in-take, as, had she been sunk at the point where she lay when the fire broke out, doubtless her hiill would have been saved.The passengers were landed at Pier No. 1, East Hiver, at the expense of the owners of the stiip, anlmThe Tompkins Market.— 'DESCBIPTIOKOFTHEBUILDING THEDRILL-COOMS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD.for sound yellow Soutie.'n, and 77c.ffi79c. for whiteSouthern, I* bushel. Rye has been sparingly chased at l:Uc.«62c. %i bushel. Barley has been in mcMJeritle rcouesl at former rates. Sales nave beenMARINE INTELLIGEWCE...NIW-TOEK ..'ffEDNES U.So do the ReiAUicanism of the Second Ward of your crease of nay during such continuance of duty." Cifr. The law increases the Superintendent's salary topur-I^e Steamship CompanieV consolidation too'^ us a tS.COO, while the Commissioners receive but $8 per were provided w ilh lodgings at No. 2 Front-street.This handsome building Is nowcom- reported 01 10,5t0 bushels State, part, if not all, at 80c.—Bttle aback but hurran, now, for Vakcsbbut :If Idiem. If the Board Now,should elect Mr. PjisatjarCapt. Austih, who had commanded the ship pre-nearlythe floors areSDUEhcl. Oats have beenfor, including Canada at 44)«o.®45«c.; Western atCleared.Adger, Adams, Charleston. Soof-is-%oats,j)lease cancel or forget it a'J, and let me bare the office of General Superintendent, Mr. PasBoaT very ill health, was also brought ashore in a very ex- being laid, and on the 1st of May the stalls will 44c,®45c. Pennsyl- B. Cromwell * Go.to the discredit of bis a etas record with the rtiling powers.President, and decline to fill thaand who was on board as apaintdry,Steamshipsb>veever saidanythinglazyvacancy exlstiaginviously,passenger, and inGLAUCCS. CITT INTELLIGENCE.,"-stovaa," if waot of culpable rascal," would be found service in the old and new Depsrtments, and his per- though their own propeitj was at stake.Regiment, before the 1st of Jime, will take possessionEveUn.Suliaoa. (Sar.,) KiDg. St. John, Ihos. Walliswould should he not occupy that position. Police, for their exertions in the savingand active for Linseed at 6ic.Paaaaa.sails, rigging It was the general opinion yesterday, however, and cabin furniture. They manned the yards, unoent181 feet nine inches Irng, by 100 feet wide.Of theOther; Hondaras, BstM, Bellxe!hausted condition.Much praise Is awarded to the crews of the Bra-:Sperm at $1 37®$1 40 ;SteamerBristol, Allen. Philadelphia,.pleted, the first of coatingpretty actively inquiredJfm;s»i>-A.C.are Tbe re-$5 Si'Sts SO- inferior to choice superfine Wlal eoBsln, Indiana, Michigan and Ohio at $5 2yet6 35 ; extralowaand Wisconsin at$54S3$S30 extraW.Townsend, A. C. Morehouse, D. D. Lt"o~ds>l"ey, »A•. -J... S»....Ll»«rw«.-...*«be up, the butchers wlU be at work and the Seventh;vania at llc.'S44cwould be virtual SupcrinlenJent, and not present thenovel 'Spectacle of a man resigning an office wormJ5,0OO per annum to accept one worth $2,401, as he zilian corvette, the cutter McClelland and the Harbor of its new quartets. In dimensions this building is Whale, chiefly st 45c.'a46;jc.; limited for Crude Bsria A. Penderraat, Nelson, Baiclawte. J. KeEae:Hivaia, " Deputy-Superintendent Caspxbtib's chances the sails, lowered them on deck, and performed the i'mi2)C2r,.;—SntRT LiABXtg. ^The verdict of careless were the best for the Saperintendency. His long work with as much cheerfulness andthree stories, in which it is divided by solid wrought-^'^'' ^'=>"''<='y' ^^thatas iron beams, three feet apart, running the whole width made of 175 bbls. Crude Sperm, part dark, .at tl 24 WeUa?Kfbb|v^ C^ ;^oba.Tr.Foss, G. 8.Hare,Chas1continue In most faror. SuperfineiShipSawyer, St. John.|IIlivelyrequestat Im-eating tbe de- »fca Btrlke at th« Cathedral.Mae ol tte ttm» tuimn oa ibafMbg Oe ivaKMi for ttatr refiutegto geonwttbyet taiayamong them Committee ac-Ofum-twnkmtmTbey aeeoidingly withdraw oa the I4th flooded with tbem.havedelegates than hare been able to m^e no anangenent with; him.winComadttee state tbat tbey ask aotUng aareaeon- English medallion nlimt t>^^^m~ large, being drawn together by the exciting dis- sble, but merely fair wages for tbAr work. They ca- Ingrain earpettoT;' rwJ^^J'"*"!'-and»S88i^>5«83<been""' "' "^eateueds of Bowery, ignto sympathy with any such deaioailia-Naw-Yoaj,Wednesday,April11,]88»-«P.Oc's.'^^^I^'^VJ^'^ofmaiketdedicated to the use of our gallant Seventh." The Imports of Sperm and Whale Oil and Whalebone into the Co. MeCready,probably not want a Impelled him to return home. of course, nearly that of the building, 181 feetlonj;, and stejidy. The day's transactions add upMetropolitan Police, they will not be taxed for any The/acoliA, Westervelt, It will be remembered, 100 feet and the roof tbe ceil- 500 bbls., in lots, at $9a$10 SO for repacked tc Snow ft Bnrgeis. March 26, lat. Ion. Man some two by wide, being arched,eteamer boond a. n, paaed Parana, eastward. Mareb M. lai. 41 u,.deslgi^ of making street lamps serve as street signs of the expenses of the Commission. The names of was set or:also, which should be legible by night as well as day, Captains Leonard, Hart, Hopkins and Bennett hare, years since, while oBig at her dock In the East River, tbe handsomest and largest drill-room in the Unitedla eertatnlv as ridiculons as tife attempt was com- however, been named in connection with the two new and a considerable portioo of her after cabin and States. In addition to tiiis, it is moet amply lighted by Country Prime, fl bbL Piime Mess, $16 ®$18 pendantandNos. 3(88, (Westmoreland,) manlbgThe law no in the forcontemplates changes clerical saved from total destruction by the timely arrival and them on the ea^ and west sides, and 6 on the front at llc.®22c. iofertor to prime State, and 10c.10. bound east,P. &., March 21. with molsasea to H.deur of civilized appaxel by wearing a sailor's jacket,which in his Ignorance he used d t% trowsers, was in force of tire department, but leaves that ma'.ter m assistance of the feiry boats of the Union Ferry Com- and back. The effect of such anunob- laiSc.far Ohio, ¥lb.Cheese la in demand atOHcimmense, cousiderins the locale charge of the Board. It is rumored tha! an effort will pany, w hose Woithington force-pumps were brought structed surface of walls and the®13r. * ».RICE—Sales have been reported to-day of I75^tesTnwl>rt5ia>aaaaBL ' ' Experienced heavy weather aaet mbe made to displace theBKXC. w lio has been in thatzatiOD of the Commission. It is said that a dis-charged clerk—a relative of one of the new Commis- is owned by Messrs. H. L. Ricn & Co., of this City. and the which is sixteen wooden Fine at $1 50a$l 65, and Ground at 75c. % iack. Brig Independence, (Br.,) Hamilton, HlUsboro, K. S_efficient chief clerk Mr. Em- position since tbe orgarri-to play upon the fiie.Tire Jacob JL. Westervelt was built In 1S49, by JacobtbeBrig Aaricola, (Br.,) Atkinson, North Joggins, N. B.V-A. WisTiitviLr rates A ofandSALT—IsandpleasingeyeADAUs' and It will be a appropriate.do. Co., at7}<c. Sik. TALLOW—Sales 16,000 lbs.bound forof the oldis being laid out into grass plots, and its dirty sur-lotsoiTered at auction at about to-day fouDd buyersSchr. M. R Carlisle, Winamoie, Providesoefspirited meetingRepublicanMoi.OAir to-day. Whereas, The Hepablican Party, of cur Cltv, in com-BOSION. April 11— Arr.3r.additioaal railroad and sgainst the coasummatioQ of the recent acts for such purpose rasied by the Senate and Assem-Pekoe;for the reason thit the of Rrautingsuch valuable,8,700,286 .21,399,77611,974,142rtihnegRMs. Whale. 29,018a room for the band having been confined to 500 bbls., in lots, at $17 C2)jFrom Jan. 1 tothere will be a room for each company, irrespect- depressed,sions, and two large company drill rooms; one 6« feetI860,.drilland two rooms to spare, for meetings or any other;;rSteaiLcrand passengers to Baratow & Pops.:Pilmeand $13 for OldOsprey,tbegive character tropolis, and such rPasonable ameadmeata to ourCity 100 bbls. Aehes, Logwood on prirato MSTtineau, |Enchantre:5:lavsAtlanUc SUtes should Chatter as the beat ficancial loterests ol oar Citvde- teims. For Hamburg, some Resm at 28. 6a. The from their funcUoDStwo )alox of t5S« t^,''-ofa'Monarterl''"- "»'^ •»"» The Interior operation of the previous question, by ayes, IS be early tilanted there. evident, from his niSDd, regula- charters, according Skipping List, hare Tbke. s.tleamsjohilip'*"'"^ "the^highestA. Park, Robert C. Wlnthrop, Edward N. Kirk and tcre tbe passage of the^e bills, when so amended as to Lumber, $18 50lawyers,:COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.OP TKl XO SALABT FOB DR. JMOME—TfMKLV srATE- George P. Maish are a sufficient guaranty for the secure their cunattuctioD, leglitative controi, and all tl,S50,ffijRit just such an institotlanRcrohed, Tb»t in the opinion of this Board, the fouiuiatlons cannot be postponed without aerioua loss. a fund by two cent eontribntioDs (rass the labeflnfc »3; a brig, 2J8 tons, same voyage,osasiMe aad has pr««^Untitled DocumentprccniepassageofjadicioussaDltaryheld by theIt seemed andsuchmodificationsofourAlmshonfc latest to the" aGrre^atral.voting against nis own stalemtnts, that an institution ol learning was needed tions a! would preventfrauds and a icacdalous waste of been Ship Eastern State, 813 tons, to Valparslso and leai.line is now on the BataL., _at thesiamling. Suchnamesas Edwar*Everett.Edwards his.Excellency that he recommend to ^ihe Legisla Johns, B., to Valparaiso, with pipe beSwefilends of educatlcn3rotons, to Lisbon, heavy Pipe Staves, $35threelurposedMohave beenmen, and other public men of the,-;for the aale of the tranctUses at suction, un-InApriK. lat, «l».;$17 37 for Old MessSteamer Isaac Odeli.Kenney, Prorldesse, witb mim, mWestern Mess; $11 50 for Western 253$12at from $3 75S$4 S?)^?* 100 lbs.-1,461,27S — 25,609OolongTotal Black, lbsGrand totalTIN—Has been moderately inquired for at previousprincipal kinds or mo-eis lo sell freely at somewbat firmerVniUt prices. llle, eia Salt Lake City, laare St. JoM^6.P.C. to very choice extra, chiefly at $5 65'8$7 25 Vigo....... fl]On Lay Delegation—'B. M. Adams, W. H. Ferris,;grades extra are also less atmndant.*day.atSA.M. Letters shosU be On Cn/ernice Steumrds—ii. D. C. Crawford, C. S. ported sales reach 14,000 bbls,,—Incladlnr Sooer- e««8t.Joie»b."ed.4,350 bbls., good superfine Alexandria,AlbartH«r. SI. JUr.-artiSr?:. ..forana (6 3(ia$7 SOlor fancy to choice extra brands, itbbl. Canadian Is in demand, including Inferior *ra«oto..;quoteII'j6, with ndsa. andSi-ter.^'*"-of the roof is gal- suppoited. Calcutta Linseed has been in good re- with fiab to Woodrnff and RoWnaon. ^T¥have exhibited rather less firmness. The bulk of theA1baDy,nidie..lb.TEAS The market has been inactive, and pricesi 32!<.paaaage.38 da., with stone to master.e ds,, with plaster to aaster. i''steamship Arabia, far one>blp<Burrows. Cardenas. Below, steamei Kew-Tork.KOKFOLK. ApiU U—Arr. in I Wacderer and fair Wind, from CalUIShip Stephen Crowell, Burgess.with Liverpool, ndse.ii"""o"- AsiaCahawbamended meetAnglo-Saxen KdmburghMar.Mar. 28....Uncpo«.....]laS^SW4V^a'n'd*e?i-bVl,l,t._•JamesStale at 45J4c.®4ec.; Jersey and ford, lllei'tun & Co.; Chesapeake, Crowell, Portland. H.Southern at 39c.'342c. % bushel. OILS—The demand has been pretty good lor Crudedescriptions have been qntet.Graves,I. B. Ga«er^. gallon.In New-Bedford during the week sales have beenAprilApril Jl..AprflSi...April l>....VeT-Teck . April «....gew-T«(k., April 28.. .»ew-YaA..' May l....»ew-Tsek..4AprilU....Havr«.....Aprn«....Kew-Tork. FOB OAUTOaaiA.Slaght& Co.: Sarah EUxabelh, Smith, New-Haren,.Bmitb. Jonaa .topassengera S. M. Foi i B.-os.fromNo.lO,J. A.very thick, with the wind ff Ota tbe S. E., and tneaklD was liaaled oS shore, lltb. at a A. U.. waa cakes is tow by ateamtag Achillea, theW. 26 miles.L. Snow.plasierto J.8. Whitney t Co.Schr. Hamming Bird. (Br..) Shelnot, Halltax, N. tw>ds., with fith to James Hunter & Co.ScLr. Lucy White, Crocker, Calais, withvessels In eightcdoutover Baratl:3tP. U.;Janeiro. Spoke, March 20, lat. 24,700,979 Mary Alice from New York lor Iquota--at Sot,weatbn PHli.aDELPBlA, A.ppSrU U-Arr. brij bo, P. R. Lett brig O'Brien, tm BvCHARLESTON. April"new-Orleans, nprll iO.-Arr.ibl»J»n"".Caawi Sweettiind,527ton^toMelbODme; gh"wil"be'ef»5tenrittroni^nt.M|ajyato^bf'^bark Zidcn, 216 tons, to Tenerifreanai)8ck,oa private'sizokiiigone 1,2(0 tons, from St N. a in his bead be went to b«I. ud asafrom Sombrero to Roads, gu-faUen asleepwith tbe;malabis month,a Br. brig to Rio Halche and back,this 6i«veiiote has not staeebaaa (eea, hefield, Me., between Port- aadb $3 onbiyward,aitpfbe170Mayagaez. P. H., and back to a port..t;iahawbs. of the Haraaaaal Kcv.<^TMtl. WeUaidf-baA, 4f Taiaoatb. standingiss-DAT, Aprili.£S3.. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 