 ?HS ROYAL l U B t AT FQBXLASI).Joseph Howard, Israel Richardson, John B. Brown, Bt Joha Smith, Charlee Q Ctep]gJoabaa Richardson, George Evens, William Moulton. BameelP. ~ Joateha. JeetedtehJeB. P Bnyd," i C. Noyes, I. S-'Upham,Jten Rand,Barrett, Cyrus4 Clark,X at Richardson, SamuelTraak SUsaaa Battea,F, O. Ubby, Jonas H. Petley, J. & Palmer,N O Oram,L. D'M. Sweat, John Barbour. attwen CburehiU, W. P . flaflbrd.M. Adams.'Lowell, Daalel Bond,iR. Frost, John R Coyle,& C Strout,1 P . Shaw, F. 0 Llbby,J. S. sUliur,jaaac Camminas, Charles B. Merritl, Henry H. Furbteh, Fred'k Fox, Boratio S . Joee, Abaer Lowell, Wm. L Putnam, John W . Lane,C M Rieaarviaon. C h a s £ J o s e ,white satin Ñ - \ C"Mrs. B. BobertooB wore a white popha, with gold '*È*È<hy*ÈÈÈ*ÈlwAÈ'*,*Ç>È*X'>È*<^0 fringed lawn; silver head drtaa.¥ n t r a t mTBI TOTAL 3CjtADROMaftt dagatPert Prehtoaaa4 um Arteda* and Frya* Fate foiJowad andthat heathen-Mf*** i atBarA. W B Ctepp,John Wiiiiame, Joha A Poor,George P. ~BUL OV V4UB : - f > Jtwkey, with Savory; Jatty- Larded \ -fled; Sprlag ChiCaens Roasted Boned iTrurties; Aspic of Tongues Baked 2 Tongues; Game Pajttte; Mountain i Spring Ducks, farigot Pie; i Mallard Geese; flaaaa Ksaat; B a m IStuffed a n d Roasted Pate d e F o i its; Escolloped uystert, Lobster 3aMies Lixate Greeley, who danced with she Prteee te Canada,appeared; te a white tulle, relieved by bteck flakes and fringe of the same outer; parnt necklace.It is almost useless, however, to attempt to give a a idea of the beauty of dress orpexaoas fathered. It was of all styles, arrayed te all mean-a- of elegant waya, aad waa cai.euL.ted to strongly impress the stranger with a rose colored idea of the Porttead tedlea One of the principal ciheers, a daahlagyosag lieutenant made t h e remark that he had seen more real, genuine, undiluted loveliness te the space of half an pen,and during half an hoar,than he had looked upon sace he (eft thsOld Country. B e really thought American todies w a n remarkably "arcscme.' A few minutes after thte he wasuptoateelbowsteaomplimeate,meltingawayaader the delicious teaciaations of a terrasttel angel te blueÑ a process ho went through no iess than a dozen timesin the course of the eveningThe ladies, one and all, did themselves aa infinite amount oi credit, the elderly onesleaving to* field to the young aspirants,and theyoungonce by?thevery effective way in which they kept the red and bine coats under a running fin of their harmless flirtatious. Bothprobably; a w a n they w e n tiltingwalls. Ac the evening pri-the tee became fairly broken thevisibly lacreated. English formality and restraint gave way before the wiasome manners of the young dlvialttea, and the ban roiled on to the accompaniment of pleasant conversation, eoquetttoh balluciaatione. good music, plenty of room to dance m, plenty of IinnHamaii partner* aad every other adjunct calculated to make one in each a place contented with himself sad neighbor.T h e c o m p a n y È o l d a n d y o u n g , d i d a c t b e g i n t o f a l l a w a y until nearly three o'oleck, Whah moat of the offieera w e n reqairedtobeonbeardtheirships. Even thentheball was itept up vigorously, and it was not nntii nearly areo'clockthattheJaatstep wastakenandthetestaoteo, '¥Home,SweetHome.'remindedthegaythrongofthe transitormeas of mundane things generally and of balls in particular.loo much credit carnot be awarded to the gentlemen who bad the aHair in charge, lor the successful manner in which they have performed their duties: and it mutt be an eminentsatisfactiontothem.afterreading theaccounts of s-.miSar fetes elsewhere, to look over the scene of display andreflectthatithasnotbeenasaaasofsaaaiaaahta woeÑthat there were no bushel baskets or feminine frag menu to be gathered ap, no broken floor to repair, no lamentationsorlossestoberesponsiblefor,nosore ribsdropped lain liat teekte UMBeam, t h e loaf atteat guns of Fan Pnbte then uigsiiiif ta Uie English courtesy w i t h a s a l u t e a f t w e n t y a a e g n a t , w t t h a t e * a a o r a t a r t h e Admiral, whkah ware aawanptly ÑÑaaaj troaa the Hero.The city ha-tag baea torwai ned af the event by Uw ^tervioae day a aignato irom the summit of the Observato- ry,baadredaofpeopleatoncethrongecflhewharves.aad Uaedtthe bilta aad houeet'wja wherever a n e w o r;apeeteels ooota ha had; Saga were hototti af' tare vastaaa pewlic hwlMtosja. 'The Obetrva-Ispaajil m a baadaome array ofThe I nited States revenue cottar Calebwat likawm hcdeekad from truck to ketone, while the harbor wasaBva wtth boats, whteh pushed oat in alt *raÇHÇa,aÈlteaÈhoHUaÈÈawaraÈaa around the longbroaght alLtheae multifariousby e i g i t icj'cleck carriagest h e H a i L i © f o o u r s a t h e c a r i o s i t y o l o u i d e r s h i i r r e p r e sate expedttioa ta aba fwaawaaat te 1T:'#, whea he selected aad oarriaa a orow af eight baantred aad saaato/ htea. the sue af Port Powaal; seat te 1190 we had htm in com-Thai a haa ahip te whteh the Prteee or Watea waa mand of aae or more ahipa at Halifax. B e had touchedinto our harbor often, and waa watt acqnalated wtth it. brought to thaiooaatrytaad lite totoaaiwiaaay theaaaw In ApriL 177a, he came with bu> ship, the Can-to whteh he will teha all departure, theroyal ceau aadat this time aae diiflculty commeioed whteh ted to the destruction of the town. CaptalaThomas Ceuleou, w h o oosuneaawd a timber akip gveat enrtestty, b a t there * really aabhteg about them ia taw trade between Porttead aad England, a a lwhobadsaarrtedadaughterof the elderDr.Coffin,waa afteaiiir-T- te h t e metes a a t h e piaiatat repeal was a raaktory, aad te the agttattaen whteh were ooaataatly aeeurTteg at that perfeat he made hhawatt vary obnoxious They are oa the upper deck under *JMpoop, a a d oonaiat to the "8aaa of liberty," who onaatttatad a large maj :ri¥East river Oyaten, natural g " Mock Turtle-,half shell.af a terge dtelag aahm, a aittag raaaa a a d a i the farwtuTe aty of the people. Mr Smith, te hte journal, says:Ñ"He ¥ssbsa aae aeaals all la a toss " The whole country waa fall oi aaaitemeat; treope te large foroea were gathering to the nelrhborbood of Boston, tad the blood of toe coaatry was attowarbeat In the miist af the difficulty with CouJaoB Colonel tHiffltr""" came here from Bruas wick, wtth tfty men. ea abaflab,of May, 1775,and land mg at Saady Point, the northerly iideoi Monjoy's Hill, bTcoaeeated hte troops to a grove of thick trees which sasg covered that part af the toara. Bte object waa to hates both the ahteaaf Mowatt and Oouteon.Msparagus, i French Artichokes. SwaeetPotalGreen Com. MathedPotaThat principal batewgravityeCdmpteywtthCoffee,heiatraagatyaftheUtaaarteaayouth, ahtp a r e a o tj.i\,¥¥¥^Green Peas. >Punch a la Ducks, CurrentAmerima AmeriannÑ schcttteth? aaÑcotiiioa..;...-'ggÑcontra Dance 34ÑCotilloniteieXCanvass ;Bask*x a sort o* wader ta the fleet Ia appearthe te not greatly ut-like the revenue cutter Barrtet Lane, aad errtanatly haa a fleet pairof heels. At the time of oar that aha waa hi process of¥ad coaatajaaaUy waaait1asopresentablea dittc* aa woald h a m made a fairer tmprcaaioa.flhciateÇC0tfieÈbutban,230 feet loag. 27 feet aithapowerof Ç30 hones, aad eames four thirty two ajar two a m y pounders. R e is one of the manybuilt during the Crmean war far service hi theBaltic. Anoveltyhiherooaatmotkmtathepaaullarat bar tax haitom. by whtehtwoabove the waterwhite the aaajaajfcj four, catted " fighting ball on," tor aaa ia action. are betew theof reach of theuaten, delay or annoyance, had -of the admirablewtthascatetbodiceaadscarletheaddress.Stratusteyui wore a beauUful teat looped up wtth awl visit wet made at the City Ball. Dariag It theBe waa iiinaaiilan b y order l a'or gallantry i a China, being then te i¥TO, Kaf ninety gaaa, aad aba tetter a emailarrived hi aba harbor oa pectod until today. BothTHE BALL.: supposed, little else hascircles or Portland have beeny, and for the last 1 miilmeneandlmantua makers havetraction a y ithe Immensity cfgibe dutj quired t | pdrfogBn^ Wedneaday nigitattached to the North American squadron, aad the Mite te the flag ahip of Bear Admiral Sir Atexand. Milne, K.C.B.The three veaaatt above aaaaad are therefore under the of Cbeaaaaaaaa Baaeaa newsy aeyunour, c. a . flag atop te aba Hero, ate waaa lag captain to the Want todies, aad afterwarda weal to the Baltic ia the Cumberland, a a d there aarvod until the termma-ttea of the war. Bo te about forty six yeara of age, a i d h t e c o u r t l y a n d a g r e e a b l e m a n n e r t o w a r d e a l l withwhomhebaabeanbrought ia contact duringthe tew noma of too tarry at Portland, baa, to aae a commonexpression, "won golden oplaiwne." WhilerefeningtoUnasubject,itmaybeweU toaddthat nearly all of the British officers ¥xpreaaed regret thatthetquairohhadnotbean permittodtovisitNew York, aad that, mataadof roaming throufh the streets of the matropoite or enjoy tag association with Its people, they were tied down to the woods of Nova Scotia and the provincial deprivations of the Caaadaa.It ia a remarkable coincidence, aad one that has been generally commenteduponbythepressofthelocality that jar* eighty Ave yean ago, oa the very day of thetalkedits incept-on.to *'cjme or four weeks driven to dis-they were r e [dusk, however, t o s n aad, anda t¥a the shine ware ^ecareiy aashored, aad the month aad almost the vary hour te the day, whan thetagaaarrivalmpartdtepoatdof,the prrenin squadron arrived, a British fleet, under wouldbeinport,andthat thenumberofticketsshouldArtedaeaadHare,bothnoblespecimen*of Eagliafanaval Captain Mowatt appeared in the harbor or Portani,the 17th met., when it was expected the Btltteh officers be strictly limited to the capacity of the City Ball inskill,werethrowaopeatovisiters,andhundredsavailed iof the novel opevwtaatty. The FIJIBIiirhjte, proeaeaea to the dook to anal. or THB a n .with theavowed intention of destroying thetown. What an alteration te time aad circumstances' What than waa direct hoattuty has become the warmest frlend- ahi|. The errand of war bat changed Into an errand ofThe lian aad the lamb have lain down together, sad the desceadante of those wboee heads were red withwhich it was to be held.at ten dollars each, and these were to admit a gentleman a a d three ladies, a n d provided the party with as elegant supper. The strict etiquette l a dress demanded in ether cities w a a not required on the present occasion. aad beyond a few incidental regulations relating to the banishment of bon- nets, hats, A c , from the restive room, and a few other minor details, every individual waaleft to felicitate him- seir acecrdteg to his own taste and inclinatic|i.Thefollowicgtethecard of invitation, printedona huge white card, similar to others described irequently -Ñlike agonized Banquoe, and nobody to blame, but oa the coBtrary that everybody want away full of supper and sattefaction. happy physically and morally, bearing with them reminiscences of the efent unalloyed by a single pain. Under such circumstances, Portland may well be proud in the thought that if she could not secure thePrinceinperson,shehaaatleastmanifestedtowards hte representatives a successful hospitality, which some of those who have attempted to. do more b a n not equalled. |THE PELNCE OP WALESflN ALBANY, [promethe Albany Journal. Oct. 17 ]Thedinnerwaspnparednadir thedirectionof Mr. B M. Briare. The following to Hte bill of fan.Ñthe HtroÑthe 3ag ship of the sqandroaÑte ante to bothelargestmanof-warthat everenteredtheharborof eachothersbloodareBOWgraspedwtthaaaaranoeaofpanted by Mayor Howard, and her ]Majesty's Consul for this SUto, Henry John Murray, BeJ., and Captain Van- tittart, of t h f Arialne tapUin-SterUag, ot th e Hero, and Captiin lepe, of the Flying fish, together with the under officers or ihe squadron, folldwed. Her Majetsy's ConsulJprSouthCarolina,Mr.Borch,wasamongthe officers. ! Arter pteyisg^the Engliabaation&l air, the bandPortland.SÈ*ancreweteaÈehlp,ofaixwefcosae and esteem that promiseto remate perpetual,Still another coincidence Ç te the number of the vet tela Mowatt moored six aad the peaceful squadron af thepresentdaywlUnumberthesame.The following account, published te the Advertiser by aaa of the citizens of Porttead familiar with the event,atthistimeÑof bath stabiltty sad speed,by Commidssa Frederick Starling, nearly twenty years: he accompanied Gov Powaat oa1 iwhteh ofci tashiaoed pic- tarea have taught 1 to sBtantola with Brttteh men of war,in ac- . indulge,' takingteaaidtoboafaaimprovedmode!,aadwellateptedtotyt*Çtf t&fcrrtecrrt-te" r ' p CinZENg'BALL' " ! )1ÑGrtndMarch 2Ñ^Cotillon,*.3ÑQuadrilte.. ¥ 4ÑPolka aaa t'clka Redowa bÑCotillon .;Ç , ¥,.Wathingten Victoria Le Salon Jonaat the Gate Lancers Virginia Reel.".*.'.'.V.'.Post'uVion .....4.. Luicers . .Portland Fancy.....^'.Achillea .........LeSatenBoston Fancy' Lancers'.'.'.'.*.'.V.Lh'iyTempest iial April, a~t**jcommecced, ime,alltheofficersJ H WY O B KHKBAL T>,F R I D A Y ,OCTOB]te the servtoe oa this coastTO WW Loaaohoaa ABO Omeaas orma BarrnEB ROTAX SQCADBOB,at City Hail, Portland. Wednesday Evening, October 17,1800.\ ixÇte the 11th af Map he made prWoaera of gwak Mowatt,the Bar Mr. WtewaU,the lateaopal clergymaa, and the to room to eashriaqthe muses aad their votaries. Theywhere-the ibirttj and weary couli retire, and a t a n y,Goli Jelly,A p ¥a, Janeawrwereaotiulisasilwtthtntwoheaaahewoaldde- strap the town. Thte threat produced great enaateraa- aaav persons bastened to move their families andreport? out of town. Otbeba eadeavored to per- Theaapioatogtvoaptheprteanera,butatursthe iflexiMe. snd they were reaaovel to Meston'steveru,where,thoughIttoyetteproceasofcompletion,thecom- mittee determined to plant their metaphorical teat and ooinmenoe operations on a grand scale.Thehallappropriatedtotnefestive purposewasthat intended to be ocouptedtey the Hoeae of Representatives\ ! ?aas XTable Apple?, Vergal:\ Flemish Beauties, Hot House % FraitGlace %Mottoes,j Fancyare very foad. Th.swascalled '-Joan Bol'.'t taixm." In V AUU-TT. October, WOO. a' word, every possible effort was made b y the committee¥a,Sekei Pears,; Peawhes, ;the old City Hall, and there guard-ed Beatlengthyteteedtotheeasrsattesoftheinhabi- of theState whea thepremises snail be flnishtd.taete,aadtheprtseneraWerereleaaodatnineo'clockinthe evening ontheirparote,\aderapledgefromGen Preete andCoi.Enochrreemaa,principalmen,that0>eyshouldbe tortheamtng the next mwateg. Ta* pause was now fuiofto render,this port.cn of,theentertainment especaly complete,tad ittoneedlesstosaytha.theirendeavors to"crowd thestomachwiththriftyfare metwitht_e meat complete success. *At A n t aflttght degree o f baanfeinees w a s apparent o a thepart of the young people o f both sexes, b a t a s t h e ballprogressedthisgraduallyworeoff,aadtneomoers. totheirnoemailsatisfaction,hadthepleasureofdancing withaaytodytetheroomonwhomtheychasetofasten an inclination.ThediaaerwasservedintheBnaamnstyte.Theoae firemen'sparade,tewhichyoustatedthatBaaaeaBagmetegtosix hundred, who were highly moeaaed at the re-HIIIIIIIM a f Mowaitiad were beat on dostroy ing M* ahip.Mowaitbrokehaparateandrefusedtogivehimaelfup,at whteh the sisspssalinit, amine aatead eenaral Preble hundred people could be accommodate';, aad here, aadColonelfrÑmaa,aadhifjithemdm prteanera.andS.B StenflbrsadfamUiyofNewOrteaas;torWard aadwho,ofTray,Mr.W.Byteadaadwaa, awdJahaS-hatterMewYork,arestoppingatthe"ExOoreraar Sejtaour a a d tefy, o f fJttet; i C. Cobb sad family, of Boston J D arteht.of aaftoaa; Mr Bbaaky,GeaaralhteaagerafAbe><£**?£ C*?£?Z aad £. L.Jewitt,rrate.^OÈhteÇ aateCMaaai,Railroad. are siup|iln| at the Bt atoaotaa awaat.A. F _ ¥d J. T. Ptea, both of' Washias kh BN~_ 8esgaw^ats ¥aad j*^^^ *^,' ****** George B Laonlyteleeaedthemantheirpayteg a large qaantttyof Irtad,several eheeaM aadtwaharrete of rum tor each eompaay te town Mowatt toft the barbÈ; taking Coai- roaaadhteahipaadMr Vtowaaaa¥ ÈMatterMay, fullte wraÇi,aÇwe may rmagtos,torthe toauU he bad re- attvad. Bedidaotagatoappearmattlbeeametehoa- g¤a array,.wMh a * fleet of ate ahlna, and armed with ample aatbxthroughouttheevening,weretobeseeathefathersand mothers, wall flowers and non dancers, whose place wa not te the gay throng batew.act of that brilliant, expensivewhichsobewitchedthesensesn ihe grand aflair at New York, but they were, nevertheenbaeareemnd hin rhTcTluVfltotes^^iw^ EjtzJszto burr, aadteat, tasty aad effective, aad borrowed half their beauty w|re ateat black, ctther freak or dress coats, and took pSttefciMteM'' ' ¥ * ' " -*1*!'awawdthe(Graves)espfctelÈÈÈ*B*Çi0B'lhJvÇ ¥JT-aktae: of the New York i v^Tremarked that it was adattheWhiteBaaaa. aa police, Lor<l ¥Yea,'* said tha...¥U'WIUHIM,. i .ili.lii.iM4l-; . ã ãthe village, I need aot detail, an it may be mead in ap- of the ladies was propriate ptoses).wBtjipaji aa apart- of glossy bteck hair.The whole amount of the tees, a s reported to the Pro- vtnetai Congress. November 2. lTTfl. was $190,848and largefortheoccasion, employed, had it turnE. C Wilder, Ñ-.¥¥Ñ,-.P. Wilder, wore a vary elegant aad J costly¥¥.n-iWatnl rlaawnmitof white silk, ftenaod sad ¥"IXiOrVHlQI V U wtthEre" ^mm^T^SZJElX* Intheribe.Èite h a tepal I *wnnBabal atasahssaef SBbawMaThe m*y arrival after ths of a Brttteh man-ofwar ia ataaap|rn'our hartMsr, waa oa the 1st of November, 1775, when the Crfcems amae te, having en board about ¥CO men. È<¥ came te for sapplies, aad to .Her an anytuai to any persons who might w-h to avail themselvre of the opportunity toThe Tided notopera cloak, also were a pearl irtchly, embroidered, aad carried a eaattyAbout two miles batew the city the boats of the ** iw^fc* u a^a ware sect,siBBahertea aheat a eoaea sheaded op stream aa aeon ae the swawZar a^È~Çwl awriN J.Milter, William Wood, CbartetP. stiaabali, JohnT 'iW. Dyer, John R Carroll,iT MoCobb,lynch, J B S.ott,T. C Bersey,J M. Charehi!', John M. Wood, a. ÈaouoaÈMj, BnfueE Wood, Jocn Rbynas, BoseaLri. <.Miliar,Philip H. Brown,A. W B Ctepp, JobnB Carroll, Jad'h Jewett,L D M Sweat, Orlando Marrett, Joha Bhyaaa, Boaeal. Robinson Edwin Choreaili. Philip H Brown, Benry Pox,John Lynch,S. EL Tokeabury, F . . E" C p h a m .Wm M freer, GeorgeH Statr, Wm P . Chaawick James O. Brown,Cnartett* Rasae Jelly Tarte; Gi Merangae; Merantaes dp Conserve; Merangues.a te Creme Wine Jeiaea;MamJelliea; Champtgne Jellies;Frc- jen Sbekbeti Fruited Ice; Roman PdndJosephHoward, Thos. A Debioia, CharlesQOapp, George £Çana, John B Brtwn, Jed'h Jewett,L. D. M. Sweat, I. 0. Llbby, Isaac Cummings, John Bhyaas, Wm.M.Freer.NathanCammtege, MauaatehH Smith, SamuelP.ShaÈ, Josiah &Ç Little, Sam i E Spring, George H. Starr,noon aAiUGxaeBosea I. Robinson,J. fl Palmer.Henry H, Furbish, Fred'k Box, StephonH.Cumminga.leftthemtojOteyourger people,wl scene from the well located teatt oftbeyv*.ewedtoo gallery.Admit-Joseph Howard, Thos. A.Dtblois. Charles Q. Ctepp, George Evans, John B Brown, Jed'h Jewett,FLOOB L. D.M. Sweat,F. O. Ubby, Isaac Cummin gs, John Rbynas, Wm. M. Freer,¥OF¥andthreeLilies.Nathan Cammtega, Maaaaaah H. Smith, Samuel P. Shaw, Josiah S Little. Saml. E. Spring, George H. Starr.Hosaal Robteaon, J. 8. Palmer, Henry H. Furbish, Fred'k F o x ,H Cumminga- ¥Jap0*4 È¥ 10ÑSchottiaahe and Waltz.......*Sheep Head, Fiah; k ¥Sauce. Turkey.Trumes,alafinancier.Weatphalte Bam.Saddle Mutton, Currant,Fillet de Boeuf, MushrRis de Veen, Pteaol la royal.Coti-allies de - FriedCutkt dejveau.ooMMTrrxBoraecarnosIt waa determined that the ball should take pl&ws onembraced"al a miidy t a b feet about ten o'clock,DBSCRIPTION OF THB BALL ROOM.people of Porttead cannot y e t boast of Academy of Music, or, indeed, of say place where thereif.An admirable feature of the evea|eg waa a oofiee room,i?Grand Meringues, JChampagne Jelly. *Brandy Peaches,NeapoUtoiae, X Jell; Macedoine, 5ThetheirStephenB.Cummlngs, Joseph L. Saabotn, Wm. H aiffard.tibtoonjnejttueaasions, and the were thronged with spectators who!The price of tlokete were fixedsurgeon of the ship,as they were walktegupoa the hill ere fortunate, however, in the poateation of a time, without inconvenience, inhata the riaing incense cf ? Coquiltes of Cream,icn Cheese Cakes. < PiamPuddingGlace,Xm seeaaethteareakaowaeabeardtheramiI,the commaading omoer seat word to the people that if the pri- magnificent structure called the City Buildings,hteJava. [|'¥ . | ,1 For.theseccmn^odaicnof the*opoersX FruitMilibrGlace,5 Vanilla IceCream, Fancy Fruit Ptea, ; board each day.until rtiday, rrom nine o'clock A M u.A mora admirabe seteeticnbeen made. It was large,convenient of acoees and capable of oomfortebly setting fifteen hundred people, being one bandred rest in length by eighty tost in breadth. Occupying ft.l!y one uir.: of thtespacewasastageorgallery,oawhichsomefourfeet.oseryornamentswen was doubtless thefinestpr thiscity,jIa the drawing room a nam' including several o f o u r p r ceived and presented to LordionsTOKSor Lord Renfrew aad all the ttesaselveaasexceedingly|m sadappropriate. It dinner ever given iniadiea and gentlemen. t citiaeas, w e n n -MAWfR?.of his satte atthepordiai kindCompany, No.1, paradedbat fttymea, and teatJohn Nawtli a foreman. Thatoagreat attetoks,astoesate company pandarl eighty-oae men, aadJoha Baasilwleaeral Ptotafe of ths , was made up mainly ofof these being combiner! withÈt of theae aags can be hardly described They hoBg te graceful folds from the windows,qaietlr.saawaMsflaaaMag the tetmeawe had nevsr beea impeded, b a t ' police had always moves ettire easete aaying, that it Sew York, they theemcicneyortbe fremptece t o place withcould airy,not. have spaHoua,histhe day;with Are to ofdecorated with gat jets, wtth decorated wtth agea Jet wtth gallery wereof Liberty,with a liberty pole aadathersMte.baa oeiiisg, over t a t thandelier.of baaling ran to verteas parte of tettefalry arranged at all the win-beoaotthf fla wreath composed uiilluminated wÇih four The prosBhntma pftory w a t also evergreen,and each window hadThe rooms under the frseaaniito the iadiea aad theother te-ogany sofas were, placed allmodate those who did not dance PSWEIKU ROOM ii 1wtthof watte f Miss Alice Preble, ienveloped l a a Ithe mott attractive i wore a headdress of |Cbartette Cnmmteg worealtnmn leaves embroidered over tulle shift,eemptetedaa row of pearls found a fitting ileave the country. No IVgUah man of warptaceorwar. entered oar quiet precteetelhÈ eootrast between the now advent of the royal lost,which oomea In gentle hosaitei%, a a d the sad and aavase visit of the brwtttefs shipe, with relentless orders"to burn, sink s a d deetroy." Eighty five yeanrhavegone by, and now the great grandson of the monarchtmocr who** autboritt our humble village waa te*d wa?teaad destroyed, esenas trtasjpeawtly to the revived andbeautiful city womb our free mttltutions have built u? Tables ran thej tire length of thai* rooms, aad and crowned with Çurcen. The poor and weak colonies,with their fhr<v millloas af people, whteh eared to resistcue of the moat powerful empires te the world, BOWrivalsMsgreatmotaerandItsformercompetitorinthe eicnaeata of weahb and prosperityhaa ateee, in Bow greatTHE GKASB BALL. Asaasbecnalreadyuatod,thearrivalofthepresentsquadron, with its two or three score of handsome dancing men, and especially under such circamatancea above narrated, waa aot aa event to be pasaed idly by without a recognition en the part of the peopleorehosea. of threeentire tables were emptied aad re- thanthree ortourt^mtBdurjagthePortland. They could aot have the Prteee. fete the Prince'sThey wouldby which the ephemeral aad metropolitan.of perfume, aad| ¥ttuetnret,BwCaHflBgMfl^LjfkffMBwatet |a*<Brt^iSBm4eiaB> vteaaity.Af*a^^È^a^w*4 ¥tomAfterward the City Ea.1.Oa the ath af October a meeting of the prominent citi- wsa accordingly called to take the matter into cap- alteration, and make such definite arrangements aa ware demanded, aad the following gentlemen, TeprateaUng thete parsleyÑ; -farwere ofwealthaadrefinementofthecity,wereel{telmonieo's w^uM have taraed hte back. \>~ Thefollowing]tethebU!offare,whichWatprinted¥abouta hatquiet 'apartment the evening In daughters to theWere s'.cry, and one, thusTheygentlemen w roomonce. Thisde of Mr. R L ajtejsjj MsM ateatehedBO ball, without- idea m ayit ladles, oa the other side of the to serve their companions at twaaunderthetaperlatendenoe of Portland, and whea it te. outwith_, aad t h e little propeller Julia, loaded wtth mem- bers of the diflercat clubs, acted as aa escort to thefleet.e m * o Ç e e His Highness was escorted to theKf and suite left therttorgaa -hist. From_by way or the State lihtary, aad a n a team ¥with Governor Morgaa walked over to the City Ball, aot with out difficulty,aadoaty by the gissliei eaerttea oa the partofthepubee,caacttegapassagethroughtheerowd between the lark aad Osagriat Bad. A brief aad tefor>\ ÇÑContra Dance.<5Potato Pritanier froyal. Bass a ia Hoi;7ÑWaltz aad Gallop 8ÑCc'i?km,. 9ÑCotillon*,room,woman'sgnawsad Mtes Lixate Jewett, daughter o f e x Mayor Jowou,likewise wore a white silk exteaetvery flounced, m neatly adorned with Sowers.Mrs. A. W H Ctepp w a a elegantly attired te velvet, trimmed wtth teat, aad ware a eat af diamonds.Mary Ctepp, a fwrortte of theteas over white silk, looped up with naturalVery pretty.Mrs. JamesFtaseadea,daugbjter-tsVtewofSenatorFeseenden, was also richly dressed te white. .Mits Ellen Fox wore a.white satte eavelaeed mtece,equally11ÑCentra Bar.ceISÑPolka Qaadrille 18ÑCotillon*.;14ÑPolka aad Polka Redqwa15ÑQuadriUi......... ltV-Cotillon....< 17ÑContra Banco ISÑCotillon19ÑWaltz aad Gallop... .¥; SOÑQuadriite ¥ ¥¥y The Brrttib man of-wer Nile, nteety gaaa, aaa af the North American squadron, the flag ship af Rear Admiral Sir Alexander Milne, K. C. B . F a g Captain Barnard, to expected to arrive at tbto port en Frteay.Flags w m fiyteg yesterday on alt the city beildtegs, snd onsaany of t h e haul*, te honor of the vtottefThe British squadron.. Mr. Moody decked out the Oaasrvato- ry wtth a profuatou offlagsof ahcutter Morrte was gaily created from The English and American eaaagaall over the city, aad gave it the iShould the weather en satar^--of Waies will he taken renew oar tsome or thp iwteelpel streets of oar etty.7f viewtaf the decoratwe*tor the btilVWtors to the Brtta* squadron will be admitted onmore .favored,sttth a "-f-'n sjjPPJ batlharber'seieuchre, leavtec,ties of the ss^. SL'PFBB ROOWBa pinkpearl tea which wasneed witha'.l aisystem aflair was characteriaed. In both teatial the tables were positively [netsateveryplategaveoutawealth ornamentsfrom the lmpoeeibie Chinese sugar, down tp the little birds laid out these were made to ibok cheerfulÑ irwttwron which n o t eves) a frequenter ofaad a headdress of white flowers, tookteg every tide.Mrs. Stephenson was similarly apptrolled, with the at- dttioaofawhitefureleakandleathers.Miss Ellen Reed wore a. simple pink cloud of crape, and, almost without a single ornament, waa a specimen of eat- tape simplicity calculated to do aa BBTSSSBBW. amount ofBra. Wiathrop G. Ray was arrayed ta black velvet, trimmedwtthteartetaadrormouatedbyrttesaoaitePrteee aad thabatoeny Vlaar EÈ aeufbtseBrl asssWCa, awajssaeTw.X asBawwteal OcaVrCdtsiaasUl., wWaasa gtoea, the Prvaee entirely removing htehbatBaBndhbowmincg tIe aehao*- ledgmeat. a t teaat t e a theaaaad par anas havalee CreajaÑVanilla lee Cream, Cream i Chpoolate.Citron flake; Lady Cake; tjueec's Cake; Almond Cakeed Cake, Lady Fingers; CocoaApple* Pears and Grapes.Coflee, ! 1.1Pyramids o f Sugar and Ieeiag Work: in imitation £of a fouttAin Pyramid of Nougat and*Fruit Pyra- | mioft of Flowers; Pyramid of Gum Pane and Soger i Work; lee Creams in term of Swaaajpotphtes. Ea- * glee, Doves, Pjieapples; Charlotte Roate, with spun Sugar tope aad leeing'bYork; Grand Mrkangne. with Fancytop of Sugar and IceingworM-|Meat Dishee, garsabed wtth Savory Jelly, andNawnl and Vege- table Flowersof thevicinity 13 not afford to pay their; X for ao iteeide view. 'Fur t *ro^hours aad a half carnageafterferriagearrived to'ncflegjion, untl nearly seven haadrtd people bad been gatberadjWithtn the walls, andaSprinklecfbeautyhadfaileh.oii'erthescenethatwas be'wiJMtisM to look upon. A |s|rÇ psrtion of thes > were thoaf adaanoed in years, ma|roa;| snd others wh) preferrei hcjt to mingle in the pleuu^efjor the dance, but¥¥; i¥ i . . . . . . .'. .<.,...-> ÑWoodcock 5apr'vateroom was tet apart for them, under"M&stage,to which refe- rence haa been made, where had tjeen roiled m a cask ot ateand'severaiquartsofoysters,if which theEnglishfouro'atockP.M. ______THE FIREfcD2S"S PARADE.TO.THJ gBTIOBOPTBIBTJfiSALb.PermitmetocorrectamtotskeWhteheaaarredinyearpaper of fiuaday, October 14, concerning the report of theoperattbo commeparrivingberry IceCurrant kocaroons. e; Tea Cake.Theafljoira orthesquadron,hacda.'* frotn the commodore dowisand a naif high, did not arrive uawhen,accompaniedbytheCommit* ofReception,theycateredtheha.Çrthebandp;aymg¥¥AodSavetheQaeen to be soothed, so crashed corns to rise up Commodore¥sgmour,C.B.,ofthejHero,wasaccim-played''BaAflolumbia..''Soon afterwards dancing was,cordance with thefollowingproj' excepting Uto| Ccmmodore, waa part:-Ç¥ ,rt*È varv nteaaant to thetntjaytviiBaataet rnendiy TheroomwasÇust ptesaanUy tiled. Fifty moreon S^^htchlarvebeeB aten|toaa aaa expected,andthe floor would have made it uncomfortable. The oft. catswere,ofcourse, intheiruniforms, themarines m ted aad the mariners in bias. Other gentlemenaiil^cb-MbedeBbed..^.^Ñ¥Ç nÈ*Prtn.^spoke te terms oftoilettes were elegant.orWhite it Mbrae that than ware aoae whsif they had just caeerged from aThe Duke of Sao ratals spoha m..una of adattettten of te paatteg throogfa tha City Ba_ the statuewas remarked, aae the ahote regard far hte character.rmwmsBTTjfO twciJast aefjn the Prteee teft Itbte saarateg, a varyrestteg tetarview took ateaa a t Ceagreat Bali Philip MMte, shvald veteran a l Wa jsrtoo, ewe of the Gaaraa, to wham Wellington said oa that eventful day, "Op anaattaem.'wMpreeaetad to thelrtoacaadhBe abajwed^Frtece hte Waterteo medal, bis of honorable discharge frank the a*mytor,"sadhweartistoate of teeyeailaLondoa. He ateo haaded the Prtaae two tetten, oae fnaa MmCcteael eg the Gnaatetov Gaana, satef a S y . a a d b . Whaator.attte hteb'ite;Bav. Ibhafilahto;sLBFtote, of New TartW J LteatCheaey,Frank-t h eladiesala:or.(lookedlikesomeofthewomenattooNewYorkball,as theEriecanal,whichtheyKIWhenfortheflrsttime.was a display o f jewels s a d jewelry thatBaEBoa. Joha sWaaea, M. C.: Ool. J. W Fcraey; HawEaga oalebrated tor their beauty iÇd taste aad goad ataaeaf t h e wearer. Portteadmore than aay m e n Ateptey ofsas sameseat toBjasrer geatawsea taaulter with ssmmthtega, that the preaeat waa tha finest bail in the cityÑfar exaaediag x pcict c apteadcrUntitled DocumentigowaajtoMatetelelfl.ltedBtoBaa^doiton, which, ooniderteg all the CITCSBI- 1 b r ^ h tfll they were cveflam tato aawatog b yWrapaeved as bateg etesswabsgto mc-dertte.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069withoutexcepUon:ew, onaaeqeeat. oa merrilr and well,¥Joe aatts.sava those whoBarlem R m r Crysten, F ; Imperial Charlotte Lusse, Gione from the Ssp*r*tendeB| of the Loadon petiaa, ad 11lampt Theeaattoattiaauadtobeabcct I dressed to the Governor Geatpml of Oaaaaa.Quails.DreaatÇi Celery. IXOrders were given to teat o a n aad raw, and as paatcd nine hearty caters ware given. The stowed aad rang her bell te reapeaae, and Lard aadtheDukeof Newcastle,w*Tof the pilot bourn, Bacovered in their gottwhoaithe State Hall wad the u-,a brief uupeottoa of them bate) ÇP5 ware them agate team, aadBawkaad down' eayteemsB>uhteswwreovw,aa4theaÈyalyoeah lettesh to the privacy of the apartmente which had baea pra- parediorhim. " ^ >AtseveneiiwfcLardBisfri¥satessMi¥¥immm ro the resktence of Governor Morgan Baa* an hoar teter ibe party sat down to a tpinaili dteaar, preastidby Briare. The nsmpaay waa ateoaated the toast warn aa fOltewt;ÑMr Brodie. at Mr. Baas, Gov. Morgan s PrivateThe dinner ainstate it lahisber's Band, which waa ÈÇeen " The party Lead Renfrew retiredABEnVrA. lL O F THE FBDJCTB BQUADBOS. TOOPOCE W A BLAZE OF[From the Porttead Argue, Oat 17 jThe vessels composing the squadron of hteateyalBtahe n the Prteee of Wales arrived m <from Fort Preble. Commodore was fired fromby tha gaaa ofthe Hero, eae n s i g n w a s . i n n u p a t t h e T o r e T h a r e s s e l a a nin line in the lower harbor, presenting a beautiful Sight tothepeopleeassore.The Beio am the largest man of \lered our port. She is commanded by I uerofficersaadcrewoompoae 800saaa. SheearvtesSO gunsofeapoundcalibre.Èaaewveaaat,aadaf beaut, fai model. We paid a flying vait to her yesterday, aad werecourteouslyreceived,aadeiiaawiBltidtoall.parteof the ahip. Everything about her w ea arranged in order to secure the greatest comfort, both to officers and crew.The apartments of the Prince of Wales a n fitted up with great neatness, and they appear as comfortable ae any parlors ana bedrooms, but there to nothing gaudy about them. ThesametothecasewiththoseotUwDukeof NewcastleOn hoard of this vessel we taw six antique looking tan terns,whichwenonboardtheVictorywhenrdere Nelson fought the battle of Trafalgarbookcase, ateo, whtehto made from the wood of tha Victory The Newfoundttad dog which was presented u. thePrinceÈt8tJohna.N.F.teeabeardthisvassal Be itanoblelookingfellowandismuchpettedbythetrew The Hero to fitted with a screw propeller, which is acted upon by an engine of 000 hone power.The Ariadne to a frigate carrying aSguaa. floe ¥ commanded by Capt. Vacsittart. She is furnished with an engine of 1,609 berae power. She waa not butt tor a propeller, but the screw was pat in a few yeara smea, the British government having introduced steam into most or ttie veaaete ccaapoateg their aavy Shewanteara ably teat sailer, aad will easily make from thirteen to fifteen knots per hourThe I lying Fish, Commander Hope, ta a jaunty, saucy looking craft, aarrytog six guns, aad acting a a e cert of teader to the fleet. She tits like a dacx in the water, and her model to pronounced an excellent one. It w well worthahalfday"atimetopayavialtuthesevocesla,aad full opportunities will be aSarded owcitiaeaa tor that purpose.itis jaat eighty fin yean aga today that a British neetenteredourharbor,batforbowdifferentafrcm that or the present one' Then they came to burnaad dealsoy; aaw they eome to convey totes aa live toad their future sovereign, who, in his through the Union, has received ovations from the dei sceadBBte of those wtth whom hie country waa at that time at bar. Bow time aad rircnimatanrca change our feelings' The officers of this fleet will ftad hy haeatteu tten*ahownthembyourcttiaesathat nothingtestafra- tenia! spirit ¥ entertained. Long may each a spint con Untie.foreman of aaht companyoblige sUgeBy inserting this you will A FORM AN1rtea.D C , are Stoppmg s t the Fifth Avenue HotelD. E Lowva.M\C, aad JehuF. OSato, B*j , of the Aa timed raaaTigaabrr, Wsablsgtea, D C Dr J. B **Zof the rjsBJaa sBsflaa navy, aad A D. Basws, of WashV.vat tÇu, www.fultonhistory.comj Priaaa.They w e n rwate'ayoaatate 11m etroagast 