 I.atomtaita.sad m eoatradtettnctlon to the eawtiag a m y were denominated Yen! tcheria, ormaHtSi??*** many centuries jeeUv d h .of toatr da*i!rtlneTaad15learning Uw military art at Uw expense of others abroad, mutt every da* grow more powerful; end it is probableOnthepartef GreatBritainherMajesty's government renounced all intention or wish to hold Constantinople.TPBXXY BOT DITBBB18.The dlvtMoa of Turkey being impotaibw, it hi tbe de-assmz.Ftui vHMswwl» tBBW esVof CoattentlacpltKagmad betUto book of nal arrangement wi ire tad invetveProject or,r 4TFRKCT! cofNTUiormiiciiii,andthen turned hte attentiontowar of hto tereitorteB. The neighboring na-n.u. rally directed hte ambition towards oooquertagtoetry.tbe revendication of toe Rhine frontier. Prussia a to re- European tad international lake. It it to maintain for It required act o n l y £ * * K TM * * « TM ! ^ thehaoas iine." tab address wat graciously reoeived by tbe Em- ceive a portion of Austria by way of coMonaulon. and that character that Egypt ought not to be either EnglishOiifiital•^tSoforawhlle.Bnt Austria "^J^Vamasa^wmi«.i*i.. i t Iusurped, and retaining for ^JTM*^*"****^ tled " La Syria et lAUiance Ruase," in which we are in- Mediterranean te a French lake. Unfortunately, too trea- army only, but Uw State forces or the diiforeBt Baton* tv and Independence. *> well did these efforts succeed, formed that France and Russia have arrived at "an intel-for Setting «»»l«W»W'S#*wA*l''*A/*UfS*'rf^^A FEDERAL 60VERMMENTPospaorus and Uw Dardanelles. These were " ^ J TM press, woo promlttd tbom the assistance which they re- Syria is to be turned into a fief for Abd-el Kader. »B>f- or French, and that Turkey oannot be Russian. Let ut wars through which our amy of Uw dreaded Tarks, over whom he knew tt was impos quested. They were then conducted to the apartments of land should object, Malta, Gibraltar sad Uw Ionian Ishrnds speak In good faith. Could we permit England, for fo-PRACTICAL OBJECTIONS TO IT.af&ia involvingtttoptatttfinterfere with tbt rtalltatloa of tbt aewJ*rotonCJThe recent imue, entitled "La Syria et P AJtttoet^Rotes''mtafthe maintenance of t a t civil r ights of the same peoples; acoo It amy be roused by the power of s a unmaskedas Thornton bat said, " l a t genius of the Ottoman empire siomberod when the treaty of Prutli was signed."sighted politicians wbo do not anticipate a solution of theTbe partition of Turkey te an impossibility, afoot it in- volves t b t iinttatalfiii of Constantinople, and its main- tenance te a political necessity.m view of the to ourtarty m the ninth century a tribe of Turkomans cross-roucT or rarDt.Be bequeathed h a policy to bis successors in a cele-^GGESTED.sterce, to eetablteb herself hi the Balearic Isles to inter cept our route to Algeria, which te henceforth untied to France by indissoluble bonds? Aad could England suffertllltws of the frontier, we have had no muafoatfon than hi the Revolution Weable to end oat word of any order, or of anysmntuVople," «• "*<• **••" M d 0D , b * otbtT "*• m o U o ' "lathenameofGodandChristitnity."fwumnsanr ram raaGREATA.TO THS *tXArrorpnrra. The war was commenced in tbe Principalities of Molda- via and Wallachia, because Peter, knowing that be bad partially gamed over those populations, hoped to make Uw basis of future invasions into Turkey. Bat be surroundedbyUwTurkisharmyonUwbanks of the Praia, sad placed completely la their power, with thecloeeofthe war a so that he wat obliged to sue for psace.bad keen err ived at; bat, on the contra Whether by Uw bribery of Catherine, the wife of the Emry, toe subject a agala revived, (be tranquillity of the peror, or tome other unaccountable stratagem. Uw Grand Vizier, Mehemed Baltagy, tbe commander of theWUrW Turkisharmy,insteadoftakingteeCzarcaptive,wat induced to consent to the famous treaty of Prutb, which The ostensible form it assumed in 1863 was that of a liberated Peter sad his army. Had thefraod Vizier re-reitgioca enthusiasm, vis: the protection by Russia of the fused peace oa any terms, Uw Gear and*hts army would probably have perished, and Russia relapsed into her Chrnutans of Turkey la their religtous liberties. Mow former insignificance, and the world would have beentba qvsauoa a mooted aaaer a philanthropic guise, or spared the solution of the present difficult problem. But,executing her plans, when everything seemed ripening for Uw consummation toardentlydesired. Oneofthe principal results or this treaty was to make Turkey grant Uw dominion pr the Caucasian and Georgian provinces to Russia. _ceyfog empire of the ftulwa? We think apt. If Rus-sia Tent ut bar cooperation for Uw revendica-tionoftheRhize frontier,It appearstoat thataking-dom would not be too high a price for her alliance. Weknow that we are not alone in having plans of aggran-dizement. Now, if Russia regards Constantinople in the France on Uw Rbme, Aattrto o^mktTwd, and rYnesia,'smouth,atthe . tad itsame way aa we look upon the Rhine, can one not torn preponderating in Germany, where can any oaoae ef dispurposes of conversation. In oor servicefirsthave devteeda»4put la practice such methods ofst render this feasible.the subject, Uw followingquished his designs upon Turkey, to which was nowford Russia pretext for intervention on future occasion. the call of their co-religionists.and encouraged by Uw * BtSSIA OfTOtBD TO BBPOBJf Of TCKKBY. predictions of Stalexanew, tbe Russians should be pre-Russia's diplomacy wat next directed to counteracting pared to orott the Prutb at Uw first alarm."tbe military reforms of Mahmoud, which seemed to de- B T S S U a CBCSADB AOAXBtT TCRXBT.mand prompt hostilities, lest the renovation or the Otto- By tote advices from Europe we are Informed that great tion within itself." In order, then, to promote Uw re- three mmutes. The officer te down with hte gmm seatsadded Uw desire to be revenged for tbe ignominy he had question is pre- suffered. He consequently continued to sugment. Uw military, and to worry Uw Turks by constant aggressions.were bravely repulsed; hat the alluring prospeatof that are as follows:—doubt "that empire contains many elements of dissoluor darkness. If Uw order te given the apparatus a jeao edaadreadyforuseinUwhandsoTtoeawnteternUnaArticle 11. Tbe House of Austria must be interested in encntry tndwed them toreatwed attacks, until, with an the expulsion of Uw Turks from Europe, and in the eventclergy are preaching up a holy war, and crying oat forArt. 12. All Uw Greeks in Hungary, Turkey, or South- ern Poland, now divided into parties, must be rallied which was taken May 28, 14*8. Thence they extended around Russians a central point; Russia must be their support, and. by means of a certain ecclesiastical supre-and Servia, greatly reducing Uw ottoman supremacy over them.WAX AXD TREATY OV ADBIA.XOPLB.corps of 80,000 men It at present in Bessarabia; other ternal administration, consisting of a Medjlis, composedcorps are within reacn. whieb would raise a s army on the of Cbrtetafot snd Mussulmans, to be elected by the peo- correction in a couple of seconds after tbe signals what Prutb to T6,000 or 80,000- Lodert la already namedaa ple, and presided over by a President elected by Uw teat tt are flatobed. It fttea over mountains and bey% the commander. The soldiers are well disciplined, bnt members of Uw Medjlte—theGovernor of Uw province toMeapolte, the second Brooea, and the third Constantinople,toeir eonqueau into Europe as tar as Vienna, becoming a macy, must prepare the way for complete sovereignty.The Sultan was soon again provoked to declare war, be- burning to avenge Christianity and Uw repute of tbe Rus be appointed by Uw central government.gteBBtto political structure.The prmoe of statesmen sad paragon of diplomatistsMOT a corollary from historic facta, which has been aatjlialimPT t i tMili to. ***» aabttj —p—'j""*- tft K» Turkish nation, vii —"Ease begem indifference; indiffe-rence, misrule; misrule, aaarchy, sad anarchy, ruin.'' The Turks, who were only encouraged by rapine], sadinstigated by religious freasy, when the rag* of war was at last checked, having aa other incentive to actios, re- mtj Bupineness, or rather a barbaric luxury. Al-How faithfully and patiently Uw successors of Peter the Crest have endeavored to fulfil his will a recorded in all Uw subsequent history of Russia.Constant aggressions were kept up in the regions about the Euxine sad Uw borders of Turkey under some pre- tence or other—sometimes actuated merely by a spirit of revenge for their own disgraces at the. battle of Prutb, at others at champions of the Cross.WAX IX «BB CBDJXA ABB TBB tBBATT OP 8BUJRADB.IB 1734, Uw Russian army being numerous and well rttoglnrlnst, sad Uw artillery vary efleetive, Uw govern- mens esaoiaded that Uw time had arrived to put their policy Into action. According to Uw instructions of Petercause Russia would not give up Uw Asiatic fortresses, ac- cording to treaty stipulations. Tbis war wat most disas- trous to Turkey, on account of the unorganized condition of Uw army. .Since the recent destruction of Uw Janissa- ries it had been composed of young men, little trained in military tactics, having Uw tingle virtue of obedience. Notwithstanding its very greet redaction, tbe Russian army, owing to thenesiao policy of lit General, Diebitah, in protecting both Christian and Moslem population along tbe route, was enabled to advance as for at Adrianepw. There was. of course, a great panic at tbe caplul, as it wassupposed that the Russian army consisted at least of sixty thousand men. The European Ambassadors, together with tbe Sultan's Ministers, all urged Mahmoud to savesian army.It cannot be credited that the present Emperor of UwFrench will jeopardize the interests of his empire by ceding so much to Russia, nor utterly disregard the ex- ample of Napoleon I.•AtRnM OF TVXKXT.When Napoleon I. and Alexander discussed l o t famousscheme by which they wore to form a duumvirate or Uw world at any sacrifice to other friendly aataaa, tha va- rious plans proposed were at follows —8. The Central government to be composed of delegates tent by Uw Medjlis of Uw different provinces, thus repre- senting tbe popular will.3. A Senate, to be composed of a limited number ap- poiated by Uw Sultan, hair Mussulman and half Christian. 4. Aaewcodeof lawn,notbaseduponUw Korea, butupon Uw systems of Uw civilised world.By these measures Mussulman fanaticism and domina-tion would he checked, and Uw Christian population would attain what has of latebeen termed its nationality."gap BOOB measurea be adopted?There would be both internal aad externalAs night cornsymRETT YORK HIBALD. WIDNBSBAT, saTTfflrMIl 8, 18H0.-TO1P18 SBTO^as first that Pewere efft** a****t.blerer n long while to have any supremacy. NeverUW-*"TBB i • or conwrAarmana aa a n a a m t u n a , he directed hto energies to lit sUslssnnst Accordinglyher grandson, where they paid bomsae to the Grand Duke OonttaatiBO, and saluted him ta Emperor of Uw Greeks. 'DBSCXS Or CATHABJXn 11.The fury of this war wat stopped by the remonstrancesare to be taken from her as securities for her good behaTlor, sad taen.Uw togitlmate" vmatooreBBtattoabetogsatisfied, • Europe may be allowed to enjoy tbt blessingsof peace. Tbe pamphlet in question inform no "tbattwoTnatloat are especially inUfttted in defwding that by making Egypt French we should take from her tion, unless a man could carry it. We amy b the Cross on those distant sjtoret^rrenpe and Rfatia. Uw Bay of Bats, which U to her the gate of Uw Indies' once or twice the puna used in Europe—Uw pomHo first|B ^^BBBBBjSqaase: BBtBBUB^BBKSSBBF •» ^rbyfjitate wbefteBeewd It to. 1 ConietBtatly it a evidentrettt of Europe nor tbe liberal Bpiri ofmlt any of the Powert, especially rbaaiajUw embodi mentot absolutism), to usurp its sole pceseasion.TBB BASTBBJI qOBSTKBT.The question, then, it: what it to be done with Turkey?Aad IbJt, to reality, constitutes t b t famous Eastern question.M*tionfo?ttit\ltbknadcd robberyBeforeTtnTweTbroae «*t in 17*7. Catherine taut man!- tatoB toldl pa/tt of Greece, Inviting the InhabttwU "to S t o o p araiTnal cooperate with her In expelling theHaving established St. Petersburg as *«°JJTM?/*JJ,saatm«oflB> and tMBke oHlrtiamnltV * ^ t ^ i ^ TM ^ 6 ^ / , , ^ long on tbe tapis, is contained in a recent pamphlet enti- tered, BO doubt, at hearing tt constantly said that the tbe general reseat* H N * * **** *•** S u BtotttaWtJaasajoatt secretly tomtratatwith theObrlt of Prussia and England. Tbt threat of an English fleet Inlianaof Turkey. Onthisaccount lotlBT*awereforced UwBalticinducedCatherineII.topostponeherprojector Whatwouldbe tbeprobablecotaeqeentjrof Uwunionof • • • • The independence ef Greece mat wonaad phoreoftheFreaeh—apostwttharms,ttkethattheir arms, and thejresult for Uw urterl* organization of settled by Europe. It was also Uw whole of EuropeTasCsw^ieTted U.rfanaticism of ha soldiers by the placing her grandson Conttantine on the throne of Con- Europe? The Czars, meditating for the last 186 years over which intervened to settle the interests at stake bet veen Island, only lighter—or the English mast, with aIsaarfTroll^war.glvmg them ^ " ^ ^ « stantinople, tad Uw treaty of Jassy was concluded,1EULVI MDfltl ITTKDIFFICULTY, the ocamtoa bearing on one side a cross, with toe in- doubtless to give breathing time for new attacks on the tous glances r-n European Turkey. Moat France teatmot loses tote European character Uw peace of Uw world practically useless te aa army in motion.scrlDUon of the Ubarvm of tbe O.reek Bmporors of Con- part of Russia, Bat death prevented Uw Eatpress from to protest against the prstanslons of Uw Czars to the d e would be disturbed tor a long time. Let t h a be be-wires were laid before Sfbastopol, aad wire abortposes amspunoutattotephwefroman at maty believe—bee* ef SoUerino.of use from established positions.It is not of rtoord up to this time that any army te tat world bat goae Into UwfieId with aa equipment to thane) sa to lie readlly at hand, aad to be pot la ate atThe latest solution of this question, which has been soteat in lTtaTgeneral deputation of the Greeks was sent ligent system of policy," which is founded upon "the ties of 1816 have changed into a dream that expression of to 8t-l«eraburg'«toiBBB»re the aid of the most mag want of expansion" of both countri*s. Russia is to bo a great man. DJ consequence of these treaties the Med1- nantmouaof sovereigns, and to beseech that the would bribed, by the offer of Constantinople, to assat Frsnce a terrnneen la not, and oannot henceforth be, otner than an: and there te not now an able bodied arm bsanag in Uierepublicwboae life may not, teoaasefwar, day bang upon toe ttaatmbatoaef a ttjaaattsi h / We have aover need signals la ear ham tarvtoe, mtas>givetotbeGreekaforasovereign hergrandsonOonston-wouldhavemadetbeSultanamerevassalofRussia,Uw Czar. * * * TheGreekinsurrection,whieblasted ofherarmor. Batthoughshewillbereducedtoa TheproposedreeuluofthaAmericanartsytattatFrench persuaded Uw Porte, In violation of Uwlr pledge given in 1802 to Russia, to depose the Hosposan of Wal- lachia and Moldavia, without consulting Rustm. Without any warning, Uw Russians invaded these Principalities, compelling Uw Turks to declare war, whieb was termi- nated in 1812 by tbe treaty of Bucharest.This treaty restored Uw two Princlpalitlet to Turkey, and generally confirmed the former treaties. A tempo- rary fear of France induced Russia to coocluda this treaty,sterile agitation In ber island, and be compelled to be a passive spectator of whtt take* place on Uw Continent, she will barely be permitted to otter bar opinion, thanks to the five or elx thousand men she will send t o Syria" Bat if such are tbe projects by whieb France te to befield signalizing art curious aad interestmg. A officer and one man are enotgh for any station, lat] ride op at the gallop, or come up on foot at run. Tbe officer carries a glass;sluag on hit shoulder a slender package ahead tear tat long; at bit side hangs a canteen and a caovasa tenth, The equipment te simple aad light enough, certainly. 1 carries everything that can be needed for use to daylightman empire should frustrate her designs. Oa his acces- agitation against Turkey prevaia Jin some parte of Uw generation of the Ottoman empire and preserve tbe peace ping Uw country or axed OB the next signal states. edtbeCnrp'aamountainssadinvadedArmenia.TheybratedStatememorandum,ofwhicharticles11sad12siontoUwthroneNicholasrenewedthepolicyofsup-Russianempire,andparticularlyatMoscow.TbeGreekofEurope,UwformofUwTurkishgovernmentmattbeTheretenootherdelay.TheretenopointtevtewwttaaEastern question in a sense favorable to Russia, and that Undaunted by these reverses, the Czar never relin- and tbe ambiguity oT its terms wat such a t would af- at no distant time. It is not therefore surprising that ataow GAB nnuonr ts DMFMKD at.If Turkey remains in the- bands of the Turks there will be no end to tbe itaeaat of difficulties, for there is noporting the Christians or the Greek church against their enemies, which bad been tomewbat dormant during Uw time of his predecessor, and the Sultan, owing to the un-«awlUatta*iyotthvn««ttedaot,aod neglected the sci against Uw Turks—Austria in Servia sad Bosnia, and the terms. Much against bis own judgment, tbe Sultan con- treaty ef TUsit tout if the Porto did not comply with Uw celt, and by which they will be forced to share tbe ad atall. They were speeding Over New York harbor all d•Bee of government, so that, in time of peace, instead of Russians in Uw Crimea. The war in the Crimea was cluded the treaty or Adrtanopie, 1890. It is said that Sul private recommendations of Fruit* and Russia, her Eu- ministrative functions with U n a whom they have re- last summer and toll, through the storms and gales of tad marked by Uw most atrocious cruelty sad the most sav- ton Mabmoud's firmness failed him for a time when he ropean province, except Roumelia aad Constantinople, garded aa their conquered subjects.asslisaiHirf their immenm property sad wealth, like age spirit of devastation. No mercy wat shown by the signed that treaty, which he bad still more reason to re- should be withdrawn from Uw vexation of Turkish go- Oa Uw other hand, Russia, who bat but oae aim and teaaon. Many a skipper will remember toe strange)ipendtbrifu they lived upon their capital, believing that Russians toage or sez; towns and villages were fired, Uw gret when be learned that Uw Invading army scarcely vernment; and it wat arranged between the two Em- object, Uw downfall of Turkey, of coarse will oppose any acting flags and the ligbU he saw at night at be aa.tei,taetr swords, hitherto so taaosmful, had only again to bo inhabitants slaughtered, even when no resistance was numbered thirteen thousand men. By tbis treaty Russia perors that the provunoat in Uw public treaty for Uw salutary measures. Indeed, the Emperor Nicholas has tad wondered. Musketry fire oannot check them, m t oflbred to Uw Russian troops. Turkey wished for peace, obtained tbe sovereignty over part of tbe Lower Danube, evacuation oi Moliavia aad Wallachia by toe Russians already declared tbat Turkey is only to be tolerated,drewn to be all-conquering. They were so sated by con but the terms which Russia proposed were too dishonors so that she could control that river. A mere nominal should be practically disregarded."i, their acquired territories so fertile, sad their sub- bie to accept; Indeed, Marthal Munich, who headed tbe sovereignty was allowed to Uw Porta overdbe Principali- Alterwards Napoleon sought to effect a dismembermentnot reconstructed; he would not allow a tingle pistol to bail of grape and canister The chaooea are ninety amin a handled that act a ball touches staves or Wage 38 not of much coeaequeace if it does, unless tt aaaihikat them aad when night comes, there are atiahar gtatti so useful, that they easily became arrogant and in- army, was violently opposed to peace, and endeavored to ties; tbe Dardanelles were to be open to Ramian com- of Turkey, in which some of her best provinces shoulddolent, and they came to eoueiaer themselves a people or induce Uw government to strike boldly for Uw conquest merce. £6.000,000 sterling were to be paid te the Russian fall to his own share. Two plans were discussed, by one encountered from both, aad that Is by Uw adoption of of ConstantisemteKttteif. "He proposed to effect tbis, uot government for the expenses of the war, Greece was to or which Uw Turks were to be allowed to retain ttwir the scheme which we taggentet yesterday. We reproprmom,lordsoftherealm. merelybyRussianarms,but(InaccordancewithUwbeanindependentkingdom,fcc AsiaticandpartoftheirEuropeanterritories;bytheduceourobtesaationsonUwsubject,inUwbeliefthatnorrefleetorttobebroken.WhenUwgroundtebat,principles of Peter) by raising Uw Christian subjects of other, the Ottoman empire was to be annihilated. The they afford the only true solution of the difficulty. first scheme assigned to Russia Uw Danabtan Principali-field signals thaw well opoa tt; equally well when 8 8 covered with snow. They eta ho need oa tantaatBi a steeples, from hills or la valleys, or from any erag aInstead of ameliorating the condiUoa of the beterore- the Turk •gainst their master. He pointed out to Uw Tbe unfavorable footing upon which the Turkish em- ties and Bulgaria; Uw Balkan was to be the boundary. It being admitted that the present political system of ipeoples whom their arms had conquered, or blend- Court of St. Petersburg what was the true state- pire stood at the conclusion of this treaty excited the am- France was to have Albania, Greece and Candia; Bosnia Turkey is inadequate to the protection of its Christian of Uw Ottoman Empire in Europe, with its Mahome- bition of Mohammed All of Egypt, who, after having taken and Servia were to be transferred to Uw Austrians, as a subjects, wbo form more than hair its population, and i late a common nationality, they fostered, recip- dan population so many times outnumbered by the mil Syria and Asia Minor, seemed ready to pounce upon Con- nompecsatica to them for seeing Uw Russians established that owing to the jealousies of toe three wading Europeanpeak to which a man can climb. A tree top te by a> rocal animosities among them, regarding tbom severally lions of rayabs who bad been oppressed for centuries, stantinople itself. In this emergency tbe aid of England at the month of the Danube. According to the second pro. Powers there te no possibility of its being so reconstruct- means a bad signal station.. Aa officer oaa keep up vetsa sdjoaota »» thofr own glory, and the but who had ceased to bate their conquerors, and who was refused to the Sultan, oa tbe ground that sne had not ect, Austria was to be bribed by receiving net only Bos- ed ss to insure tbat object, what te Uw plan that recom-Means of their own prosperity, the while treat- Russian power. He told the Czarina that all tbe Greeks was on the qui vioe and bad her ships and her soldiers harbor of Salonika. Franco was to take (besides Alba- same time to place out of the reach of France, Russia andwere now watching with anxious joy Uw progress of the tbe means of supplying the needed assistance, but Russia nia snd Servia, but Macedonia also, except tbe town aad mends itself sa being likely at oece to effect it, aad at Uwa marching column, intelligibly signalising ail the ten He can send word to Uw shore from a p***iag steaaw Hecanaetmhitsaddleandgive or receive anytanaV eeeet he pi men A reeoonotesance can bereportedteaeg them s a rayabs, or subjugated people, regarded her as their legitimate sovereign, and that Uw ready at Sebastopol and Odessa, and when Mahmoud ex- nia, Greece and Caodia) all tbe islands of the Arehipela- England the bona of contention over which they are everpressed!awahforherprotection, she landed12000 sol- r<>.Cyprus.Syriaand Egypt. Russia'sportionwantobe readytocometoblows?Obviouslythatof sodividingup i ought to be thankful for the mere boon of life i tseir. strongest excitement prevailed among them. •Now,'said diers at the foot of Uw Giant's mountain, a t the Asiatic Wallachia, Moldavia, Bulgaria. Thrace and Uw Asiatic its provinces into smalt bet independent States that toenine years, wat bat the prelude of Uw movement whichis preparing in those regions, and which Uw massacres inSyria may act upon as a signal to break oat. The GreekChristians are only waiting for ad Order from their chiefat St. Petersburg, or tbeir patriarch at Constantinople, cajoled by Russia, it it high time to think of a remedy. to rise against the infidels; and there are but few far-entirely remodeled, so that Uw Christian population will ten mDet bnt to which any signal of agreed nwaateg oftralized,eitherbyexcitingtheotherStatesofEuropetotosubmittothedemandsofRussia,whichwereratifiedPetersburgwhichspeakintermsofUwstrongestconfi-pondentwhohaspassedsomeyearsinConstantinople—ttke,Ittonoticed.Ifthemessagetonotaaosretooditbe on an equality with the Mussulman. Tbe followingarmy of 300,000 men, they overran and devastated the of Uw taking ef Constantinople, its jealousy must be neu- prepared state of the country at that crisis, was obliged avenge Christian blood. We have despatches from S t mode of effecting this bat been suggested by a corres- similar signals. It te talking by signal. If there teasuwhole of that region.Ibe present Turkish empire m a established in themake war with it, or by relinquishing a share of the con- quered territory, to be token again at a later period.by tbe treaty at Akkerman, 1826. The tenor of this trea- dence that the intervention of Uw foreign Powert matt 1. Every Pashalik mutt be formed into t n Independent ty conferred still greater privileges on the Principalities be extended to Uw European province* of Turkey. A State, like Uw United States of America, with isa own tarepeated. Itcangofromstationtostationforfiftyanasbetween stations not la vtew of each other. Br signal to made at Uw one not instantly known at toether. There are few chances for error.on tbe signals are working far into the dusk until light will show; there te a moment's pause; a single joint a the staff te altered; a couple of lights are placed, and ta messages go on taking up where the test signal left ef m til morning. In tbt dawn, when the lighta are iadtog thereto taether atop; tbe foist to lea^joatod, and fo ant note from the time of Uwteatnight signal the suttee tt again in working day order, without losing a word, u tyaw 1300, byOsama, or Othman. Ins antcapitalwasalmost at toon aa tt leaves tbe first It eta be back toytbe Russians to march at toe tame time at Uw French to"Spain was to be abandoned to toe French Emperor at return for bit leaving Turkey at the mercy of the Musco-tothem. On tbe one hand, the Turka will be loth to subi tn their onward march they came in contadt with tat Great, Austria was induced to join with Russia tbe empire from utter destruction by negotiating on any vite. It was formally provided by a secret article of the mil to an arrangement so opposed to their fanatical con not easy to atop these signals if tbe station eta be sat> they denied them the rights of oitlzeasbip, be; 'now a the time to take advantage of their enthusi side of the Bnephorus. Mahmoud was thus rid of his ene- i rovlncea nearest to the Botpnorue Tbe Turks, thrust unruly population of each can be kept in pwtect con- toe spot it te made, and tbe position of Uw enemy rme>pen them many other indignities. Taey i not allowed to hold any office, nor to give their toe- thnocy in the courts of justice against a Mussulman, nor to carry arms, oven in self defence. The only road to preferment or social equality was to embrace Islamism, owttide of which all were compelled to bear the burden ef taxation, and in reality become the ufenUte of the con- querors. The legitimate consequence has been that they have been sad still are the tillers of the soil, the artiauis, the mechanics, the merchants, in One, the bone and atnew of the land, while the Mussulmans themselves con- sidered it beneath their dignity to bo employed otherwisethan as rulers or soldiers.WHO wata ran nana SSTS.la every despotic government the main essential ofmy; but before be could induce bit Russian i a-k beyond Mount Taurus, might still worship Mahomet trol by iu chief Tbe example of Egypt will suffice to de-the Mussulmans contributed to that power was to assume the dignity of Dere-Bey, or feudal To UMBO Dere-anya Urn sovereignty of the pro-i was consigned.These Dere-Beys naturally abated Uw prerogatives ortaeir positions, assuming a power absolute, like that oi t e e potealslo they represented. They a c t only exacted Ibe dues of Uw government, bat ad- ded thereto their own demands, which, ofduced, sad toe bad a pretext to stop in as media- tor. Tbe Porte protested against Uw occupation of Poland by Russian troops without avail. On the con- trary, Uw Russians carried their aggressions even into Uw Turkish territories, claiming forts which were not designated at theirs in tbe treaty; consequently Uw Turks wort provoked to a declaration of war.At tall lime (1763) England and other European Powers were blinded to Uw danger of the success of the ambitious schemes of Russia by the desire of firming athe Czar would prefer Uw first—the limited scheme of partition—to any arrangement that wooll give France the keys of Uw passage between the Euxioe and Uw Mediterranean.eeiy resource,havingno appeal,wat to hide theirpos- againstFranceandSpam, sothatnoimportant measures weretakentorestrainRussia. InthiswarCrimeawas satskms and assume the semblance of poverty. But this lost to Uw Turks, and hopes were entertained of alsocould not stve them, for persecution, imprisonment, and gaining Uw Mores, Egypt and Syria- Tbe Russian emis-lowing tbe Hungarians to take refuge to America. Russia,thusbaffled,triedtoexciterevoltinUwpro- vinces, tbe result of which was the recent affair of the Montenegrins. She also took advantage of tbe interposi tion of frtneoia behalf of her Catholic subjects in Uwbe, 1tell youfrankly,agreatmisfortune, if,oneofthese days,heshouldslipawayfrontut,especiallybe fore all neoeteary arrangements were made. * * * * la a word, Uw Emperor went on to ob serve—"is I before told you, all I want at a goodCourtorGeneral Sessions. Before Judge Russell.i death iamtf, were retorted to to extort their possea-no escape from those Dere-Beys or their officers, for Uw people were chained, at it were, to Uw soil. The taxes being shared among the inhabitants,noonefamilyor anymemberof itcouldbo tn the distribution Hence Uw people became i upon each other, for Uw withdrawal of any one Uw community would increase Uw weight of thetsjmtion upon the others.Ibis eonaignssent of the provinces to Uw arbitrary con-trol of UWDere-Boys was not without desirable results; for a certain degree or awe sad ready submission watsaries bad keen to successful In the Morea that uwGreeks had sent repeated assurances to the Empress East; pretending that this wat a claim for tbt whole latin understanding with England, end this not at to gentlemen were sworn to constitute tbe Grand Jury :—asm tt oar cause, sad to march upon Constantinoplewhile Uw effect which our victories have produced isfresh sad vivid; such aa opportunity may never again beoffered.'" But the Austrlans sustained heavy defeats on be was bound to an offensive and defensive alliance with Uw upper Danube, and were glad to negotiate for peace Russia, anc.'wbea Uw Czar chose to demand it, to close with the mutual enemy, stipulating that Russia should the Straits of tbe Dardanelles against the armed vessels also esase hostilities. Tbe Turkish army being too of all other foreign Powers. Fresh disturbances brokepowerful and elated by victory over Uw Austrians, Rus- sia was obliged to close in with the treaty of Belgrade jest se she was on the eve of accomplishing Uw dearest scneme of her ambition. By this treaty it was specially stipulated that " Russia should not, either upon the sea of Azof! or upon Uw Black Ssa, construct or have a fleet or any other 80108." This being diametrically opposed to the policy of Russia, it is not to be supposed she in- tended so faithfully to relinquish her designs.ATTACK OB rOLAKD AS!> TSXATV OP KAYXABrUAB.Tbt text aggressions of Russia were through Poland,out again in 1889, because Mohammed All refused to comply with Uw conditions imposed upon aim.PKATH or MABKorn AND AOtaanoB OF AHD-CL jntojin.Bnt Mahmoud, whose whole object was Uw regeneration of hit empire, being thus baffled by constant foreign ag- gressions and internal dissensions, could no longer resitt Uw anxiety and toil which were undermining h a consti- tution; he died on Uw 1st of July, 1S38, ted was suc- ceeded by his too, Ab uul-Medjid, who wag only seven- teen years of agenion of Constantinople to Russia, and to this Napoleon tbe empire be disposed of in the same manner. Syria,which is distinctfromTurkey in its language, its customs and iu prejudices, might be giveaAo Abd-el Kader, whose abilities as a ruler and friendly disposition towards tbe Cbrlttten population point bim out as eminently fitted forwhere she had stirred animosities among the Christians •sas is military power; therefore who- by her own emissaries until a civil war wat pro-might perhaps be given up by France, bat only on con- dition of her occupy ing Uw Dardanelles and the coasts of those straits, aa Uw proper means of passage for her armlet into Syria by the old route ef Uw Crusaders TheUw Black Sea. In Europe it would be good policy to make the B&lkana ber artificial, as it te ber natural, boundary, which would still leave to her a noble terri- tory, comprising Uw Herzegovina, Albania, Macedonia-course, fell heavily upon the rayabs, whoso powerful alliance of the Northern Powers of Europe hostilities, and Uw matter was compromised by al. we have on our hands a tick man, a very sick man; it will; to coniscate sad appropriate the spoils, with of UW new church at Constantinople—of which mention both la Europe and Asia occupies almost a third of UwUw eembtenceot justice itself, a t if aveagiag Uw wrongs will be made in article 14—tton behalf of i u officiating Old World, wat, about two centuries ago, divided into se- gtrds the rest, it matters little to me. It is indifferent tothe Grand Jury would adjourn, thus compelling them to oome several days in succession. He trusted they would adopt a different course this term. There were one bunofta injured population.A rxw solitary was also instituteJ. ,n opposition to the ate Turkoman warriert, whose restlessness of spirit ren- i them turbulent and unminageabte. Itwaiatflratminators, promaing to take n e b representations into due parate kingdoms and dukedoms, and from Bach a division me what others do or think. Frankly, then, I tell youconsideration,asbeingmadebyaconfidentialfunctionary consequentlyweak. Sincethetint,however,ofJohan Plainly,ifEnglandthinksofestablishingherselfoneof dredandsixtyfiveprisoncasei,aswellasanumberoflotyounrprteoaaraofwar,whowerebrought membersofUwGreekchurch.Jor autberttv rcim e+sl i him.livetjaty,It teasasemeda St rrey to neigthbcrtatl aatwat, especially to BBBarta,; whose dtetgtwepon Turkey hbavrerraappWidlly acoelleratt- od1mrein.—,w>rinaiorCorstantinople." " ^ the extreme, the little one clinging to tbe neck of his Bet tbe English Cabinet naively insinuated-—"The no dying brother and pouring forth a torrent of tears, and sition of tbe Emperor of Russia sadepositary,butnot exclaiming—"Oh, my brother, my brother, must you proprietor, of Constantinople, would be exposed to num- die?" It was a Sight calculated to melt Uw hardest heart,1 respected neither the. . , , ,! Hi n rckless wilds or snowy mountains History £>«-« ence, reason, nature, expand the book of wisdon, expert- iheeyesor maukiad, but they will not read." om before" Jr^^o^^~^tnnBss^sBjBsjiwnsssjajrBBQtAKS ASO IBB BALA*ft Or POWXR.of a neighboring sad sincerely friendly power.[ThaatheclauseonwhichPriuceMeoschikoff.inlS53, founded the claims of Russia to the general protection of all tat inhabitants of Uw Turkish eoutriet who wereBasilides it bat increased in strength sad extent, andthose untrodden forests, those innumerable savage ani-mals, which formerly covered Uw face of Uw country,are now removed, end colonlee of msnkktd planted in theirroom.AkingdomthusenjoyingpeaceInternal, othergreatnation." ly, possessedof anunboundedextentof dominions,andfriends to go home, he bad to sign, In 1838, '' Uw treaty of Hunkiar-Iskelesay, by whichon Uw banks of Uw EuphratesCOSSTASTWOriX A KIXD OP HAB8EATIC TOWS.This last scheme or national robbery involved the cesmonstrate the feasibility of this scheme. Its Pasha te equal te all Uw requirements of hit pott, while his re- sponsibility to Uw European government* te full and com- plete, without occasioning bim any anxiety as to ttwir designs upon his territory. Let the other provinces ofknown sa toon at it te deteotsd. Troeea em a> manttuvred by signals. Reserves can be oreeral a in a moment The engineers running Uw 1 inee of t ssv vey; the officers with exploring parties seatteraf over the country, or Uw individuals whom indiaattoa or edy have separated, oaa, in view of each other, tell tew wishes or waate with an ease that has hardly hat dreamed of. There te no reason why every battery aa) regiment on Uw longest siege tine should not be a at- meatary communication with Uw commander. Than t act a city or fort in Uw United States but to what ad from which messages could come, though It was tovatw by tbe eambined forces of Europe. Admitting every st> sible objection tad obstacle, tbe power to evea renal* accomplish these rttntta to n military advance of a- terett to the service aad to Uw nation.The signal package te carried that everything ma te- at hand compact and perfect for work at the loagmteoted tv its peculiar uses. They will use tlgnate Btanw every principle or signalising. Tbe range te iUkeiab The messages will go, if there to tbe neceas.ty, totaaw, like those of Uw Iaditan, or wtth signs from sa itao vised apparatus or a thirt and musket. AwalttojsBt aad a't*rehtofcaa do good service; messages haw aa tentsixmilesbysuchmeant;oramanwithhtemaalmakes a good semaphore for reasonable d Itetonaarw, tbe night, If there are no signal lights, postt fires wil» Iewer; or Uw brands from a camp Ire will aakacytua-1 tion. and furnish every signal for Uw respoanmse, rtrtw 1 densest of togs, there are signals by sound, The came- I mention can hardly be permanently interrupted. Umiwe believe a mettnge carefully tent can be detected. Eighteen milet from Napoleon at Waterloo by t tforces under Grouchy. A signalled order might tote changed Uw destiny of Europe. It could have gsa * any time that day, and Uw answering signals ham •> knowledges its reception in baa than ten ttmaeatThe English before Seaattojpol teat Btttaattaa stf ttwir lines, six miles in length, from September ottii ate in February. They were building semaphores oa taw the fleet, they say. From their headquarters to any art of those lines communicatwa might havebeesspate from Uw time tbe troops werefixedin position •The Austrians lost Sotferino, they think, becaoatO ordert oould net tone enough reach tbereservesatcsrri- ana. Tbe potatoereinview,aadfourorfivemikenv- tanb Tbe rsservss could have been celled thssattt they were needed. Fort Lee surrendered before its «*o of Washington, Blending ready to relieve it, beaaatt tat word could not be borne across the Hudson, boai have been tent with t handkerchief.For three long hours the fate of Lucknow tremttoi t Uw balance while a message was teat withtoeBat* apparatus three-quarters of a mile to an outwork 8* machine waa fixed on the roof, aad was somstkaasra> bled,andUwmenwerekilledbyUwmusketrypurysaf' turned upon tt. If tbat mesaage had failed, w if at* had come on before it waa aotebod, not an segment would have lived to tell of that siege. Tbe same saaatchurch, Russia renewed her old demand of a protectorateof tbe Turkish subjects belonging to the Greek churchand at Uw tame time, according to Uw policy of Potem-kin, that "Turkey could not be conquered without theacquiescence of England," negotiations were institutedthrough Sir Hamilton Seymour. Uw Emperor himself, da-ringbitvisittoEnglandtn1844, havingalreadybroach-ed the subject to the Duke of Wellington. Tbe Saltan, of than was commonly believed. The PrincipalitiesCatherine of their readinest to revolt; consequently atarge number of Russian vessels of war left Cronstadt forthe Mediterranean, of which fact Uw Turks could not beconvinced, since they thought there could benocommu-ateetioo between the Baltic and Uw Mediterranean:but notwithstanding the occupation or tbe Morea by Rus-sian troops,and Uw rising of theGreeks,theOttomansupremacy wat maintained there. These difficulties were,however, brought to a termination in 1774, by Uw treaty course, having refuted to make over thirteen millions of are, be said, in fact, an independent State under of KayaardkUt, which entirely changed the relative posi-tion of Uw two empires, and baa been tbe source of innu- merable troubles to the European States.ha subjects to Nicholas, war was declared.From Uw foregoing historical sketch, it will be per- my protection; tha might so continue. Servia mightceived that Russia has never swerved from tbe poliev of receive the same form of government. Bo agatePeter Uw Great, to dismember Uw Turkish empire bywith Bulgaria. There seems te be no rotten why this province should not form an independent State. Aa to Egypt, I quite* understand the importance to EnglandTbe City Judge proceeded to charge tbe Grand Jury, calling their attention to the statutes, which he is re- Article 3. All Uw Tartar peoples—those of the Crimea, Constantinople, witllrg, s t Catherine boosted, to find of that territory. I can then only any that if, in Uw quired by law to present for tbeir guidance, such at theThe most important articles of this treaty were t s fol-means of its Christian subjects, and ultimately to possessAc—shall, without say exception, be acknowledged by there "a capital for her empire, even if the Western Pow- towards the central government, which Uw two empires s t free nations, and entirely independent ers were to drive her from St. Petersburg."course of a distribution of the Ottoman succession upon avaa pertaining to usury, extortion, lotteries, elections and Uw fall or Uw empire, yon should take possession of the suppression of intemperance, the violation of all ofEgypt,Ishallhavenoobjection tooffer. Iwouldsaythe whichwatdeclaredtobeamisdemeanor. HisHonoral- same thing of Candia; that island might suit yon, and I luded to Uw taw to prevent Uw sale of fraudulent tickets do not know why it should not become an English pos- for steamships, stating that a violation of that act was aiandoptionpunish, with oneMl blow, as omnipotent la h att wat alto with ulterior designs that such a degree of amity wat tolerated. The dtetaal sad atovtectel nuthorl- twe, tngrasping allwithin their roach andoppressing tee people under their control, were able to amassK i usoisslros for Uwsatalves; but they wart amena-ofeveryforeignpower,governedbytheirownsovereign, Such,Own,beingthepolicyofRussia,itremainstobe or Uw race of Ghengis Khan, elected and raised to Uw oonsldered whether Europe can or will permit the realiza-throne by all U e Tartar peoples; * * » * • * neither tion of ber "Oriental project."Uw Court of Russia nor the Ottoman Porte shall interfere, At early a t 17(8 Oliver Goldsmith endeavored t o dis-State prison offence and puntehabfo severelv. In con- clusion Judge Russell remarked that the calender of Uw present term wax unusually forge, so that it would be necessaryforthemtositasufficientlength of timeuntil each day's calendar was exhausted. Witnesses who had been summoned before former Grand Juries were calledunder any pretext whatever, with the election of the said play to England Uw rising power and ambition of Russia.mOOLAS DOBSR'T GIVB VP CDBBTAXTiaOIULButwhenitcame toUwrealboneof dissension, Con-Article 7. The Sublime Porte promises to protect con- tural enemy of tbe more western parte i f Europe; aa stantinople itself, the Emperor said, "Now I desire toKhan, or In Uw domestic, political, civil and Internal He says-w—acairsofUwsame. "IcannotavoidbeholdingtoeRussianempireasthena-stanUy the Christian religion and its churches; and it also an enemy possessed of great strength, and, from the. ibe supreme power, which availed itaeJ of its pre allows the MinBtersof the Imperial Court of Russia to nature of tbe government, every day threatening to speak to you ta a friend and a genUeman. If Englandi to judge and condemn upon Uw slightest eccu make, upon all occasions,representations,as well in favor become more powerful. This extensive empire, which and I arrive at aa understanding of thlt matter, as re- away from tbeir business, and, after remaining an boor,Itwas stipulated bya clauseof article11, * * inorder to bo consatent throughout, the Sublime Porte alsoallows tbt ittMsarie of consuls and vice-consuls in everyplacewheretheCourtofRussiamayconsideritexpedient "*•b£Lh*,£B?**'*"t9Uat Uam' *»«*»orly,called t e ettobthaV team. Arc. Uw <&i<ina Gtntium.bad to pay four millions of roubles for the expense of the end; but, happily for Europe, he failed in them alt. A bringing about a speedy dissolution. Tbe Emperor fort in the power of this people would be like the posses-Bat no such clause gave Turkey t b t right to have con- "It was long Uw with of Peter, ttwir great monarch, toOtto Gebbard was tried and convicted of burglary In the third degree, having broke into the establishment ofsire of England tad France to maintain Uw Ottoman em- merce in Rossis, And by a secret arti He the Sublime Porte many of his schemes and treaties were directed to tbia of Turkey;" while Russia persists la her owa policy ofBo any of our officersrememberthe long liaeste *•* Crux, snd Uw time it took to send a soldier or a aantaf there was one hill near Uw lines from whichto»•** could have been in conversation.Let any who served in Mexico tell. Would it « f * been well on the march to Fort Brown tohavttwt thenceoccasionally< OratMonterey,forthedivm**. roucr or tan.i inn ABB nuxca.Tot II wat a difficult matter to change the policy of with regard t o Russia, w h o , when pressed b y the French to restrict the encroaebmonts of Russia upon answered, through Fox, Uw British Ministerfor Affairs, that "it was too late to interfere; theof the Crimea was now a fait occom^i. Bo- had engagements with tbt Empress which to break." But Uw French diploma- pronounced the progress of Russia in»• Ihmugbt witti trouble without end for all theEmpire, from province, whence theof Uw balance of power required that the Russian emptre BL>S«fip- —na*Stt shouldnot,ifpossible,beallowedtoincreaas,northatoftvehattate of decrepitude, that eager at we all are for the prolonged existence or the man (and that I am as de sirous as you can be for Uw ooatwuaaee of his life, I beg yon to believe), be may suddenly die upon oar hands; we cannotresuscitatewhat la dead. If the Turkish empire falls,itfallstortee no more. Isitnot bettertobepro-tnecessity prompted they might then be able to deluge the wlmleWrewrn World with a barbarous foundation. Imake into powerful people arbitrators in the'lrquarrOLI5et5j|*ta!f ZU!Fr •*...*£* P*** between re-sion of a floodgate; and whenever ambition entered, or Nicholas observed, "Turkey hat by degrees fallen ntoflnement and barbarity which seems stost adaptedto military achievement; aad if onoe they liap- vided beforehand for a contingency than to incur tbeThere beingnoothercasesreadyfortrialtheCourtad-journed at noon. Tbe Grand Jury will probably bring in different awes of Uw city to have beta in eemtaex*} b m n^* tJ!Ll2£!£*j£J *. ?* P*** of ftuope,it M not the teeble efforts of Uw sons of effeminacy andchaos, confusion snd Uw certainty of a European war all a number of indictmenU today, when the business of the ttoaf Or at Boena Vista, or at Confreres, or Crnrteo*dissension that can serve to remove them. . Tbe fertile to draw whole myriads from their native deserts, tbe valley sad soft climate will bo ever sufficies* Inducementsof which must attend tbe catattrophy if it should occur unexpectedly aad before tome ulterior system has beenBKOLas as oecmxR or cofrmxnxorLX.Tbe Emperor assured Sir H. Seymour with regard to Constantinople:—"For my part I am equally disposed to take Uw engagement act to ettthlith myself thoro atCourt will proceed without intermission. •Exxcmos or A Mim>xxxa ax I.vxcHBCRfi.—Friday last William Hendricks was hfcng at Lynchburg, Ta., for tbe murder of Thomas Johnson, hi Beoomber foot. About throe thousand psnant aliaassart the execution. Tbe doomed man acknowledged his guilt, bnt declared tbat ha committed Uw deed under great provocation. The editor et the Lynchburg gwaMiata, who visited the prisoneror tbe battlet of Uw Valley, to have been able w ak>any point in view, with an equipment whwb on» "8 carried on Uw shoulder snd be put in use any** *Wsa there not many a reoonnoitering ofocsrUaw-* those wbo spent tang daysand Bights atcotpsa** wbo would have longed to speak when be pteawl where he taw Uw distant columns or thecamp fires?What that glorious campaign was ended, and the fit*ral-in-Chief held Uw city of Mexico, would there nt* to* been advantage in placing tvery section of the ert.'- any point In view in the vi;mity, within five m** communication of head laarteraf These are aeat«would not consent. His Minister (M. Caulaincourt) proposed to obviate Uw difficulty by making Constantinopleand tbe shores of Uw straits a neutral territory—a kindof sttBttatto free State, like Hamburg or B.-emen. The iU government The two Armenian province* cmM beRussian negotiator, M. do RomanoS, wat tenacious at tocombined under the rule of one of their old princes, many families of which are still in existence. This would leave Turkey, on the Asiatic side, the whole of the peninsula, from Kixil Irmak to Marash,Constantinople, Uw city of St. Sophia. Uw true metropolisof the Greek church and Uw natural capital of Uw empireof Uw East Oaulatncourt hinted that Constantinople or thereabouts, as well aa the command ofRussia was prevented taking advantage of the youth of Russian would not yield tbe Dardanelles, and stated that and Roumelia, with Constantinople as iU capital. Bosniathe present Sultan, because Turkey was now sustained by the European Powers, and Uw Ministers ef Uw Porteadroitly avoided any occasion for an outbreak till 1849,when, after the Hungarian war of independence, the Sultan extended bis hospitality to many Magyar chiefs whohad escaped into Turkey, from which country Russia andAustria demanded their extradition or expaaion. Uponthe refusal or the Sultan to comply with these terms,diplomatic relations were suspended, and war teemed in-evitable. But the appearance of Uw English fleet nt the Sir Hamilton Seymour, Uw British Ambassador et Uw anxieties regarding the fate of Constantinople and the Dardanelles induced Austria and Russia to abstain from Court of St. Peterburg, when Uw Czar observed, "Stay, disposition of an inheritance which so many eovet.what shall, but as to what shall net be done; this point arrived at, the English government and I, I ana the English government, having entire confidence in one an- other's view, Icare nothing about the rest." * * * The Emperor went on to say "that, in Uw event of the dissolu- tion of Uw Ottoman empire, he thought it might be less difficulttoarrive atsaUtfootoryterritorial arrrangementJas. M. Cross, Foreman Wm. Adams,Edward Carter, • Ievi Chapman,Wm. Graydoa,J. M. Henry,H R.Searles, Alfred P. Arnold, Martin 1. Bryant, John Babcoek, Aaabel A. Benman,Geo. E.Wm. E. Lawrence, Peter Martin,Alex. L. McDonald, Walter Seely, Edgar Stanabury,JohnTownsend, Sam'l T. William?, Geo. B. Whitfield, Wm. E. Churchill.these days at Constantinople, I wilt not allow It. I do not attribute these intentions to yea, bat it is hotter oa these occasions to speak plainly. I will not tolerate tbe occupation by the Russians. Having said this I will say that it never shall be held by the English, French or anyball oases, to be laidgbefore them, hence they would per- ceive Uw necessity ot devoting all the time they oould spare to tbe public business.TbeGrandJurythenretiredtoenteruponUwdischarge oftheirduties.Counsel for defendants awaiting trial made applications for postponemenu, which were granted on Uw presenta- tionofthenecessarysttldaviU.10th of July. Be succeeded in stealing twenty sets of billiard balls, valued at four hundred dollars, aad wat caught in the act of aelling them in Williamsburg. Tbe Judge wat about sentencing toe prisoner when he produced a receipt, written in German, which he alleged be got from a man from whom he parrbaaU toe billiard halm. Aa there was a probability of tbe truth of his story he wet re- manded till Friday for sentence.could have been rapidly signalled without toe rat •*• euisinRussia.Shewasmerelyallowedtocarryoncom-haveafootintomeofUwwesternpartsofEurope;pireatItto,or,diplomaticallyspeakIng,the"integrityFrederickR.Grote,78Fultonstreet,onUwnightoftheman,aadtbewholeSepoyarmycouldnotstopitAfter groat opcoslUoe oa tbt tart of Fox tad h a party,Pitt and Mr. Jenkintoa (afterwards Lord Liverpool)tplendidly dtinonstrated tbat "the principle by which Uwforeign policy of this country (England) should be di-rtcted wat the fundamental principle of Breservlne the chance—might place me in Uw position of occuDvlna- farewell of him. Tbe scene thatfollowedwat affecting in balance of power In Europe; aad tbat the true doctrineUntitled DocumentbeenfullyrealtxedbytheTurksUweweivw^-WSLT! the"divinerightofkings"tetooobsoletetoEuropeto ofbisownnationandUwJealousiesofEurope. Agreat AtthegallowstheRev.Mr.Manning,Uwattendingminis-often."tberefoesonuponthefrontierawara*fierce, wUec ibe white and red man first met in battle,lo used to reading, with onr cotlee. a bare telefra:*' -proprietor, that is to say; for, as occupier, I do not say. It might happen that circumstances, if no previous pro- vision bat been made—If everything should be left toearly on Friday morning, says—We found aha deeply af- fected aad fully alive to tbe perils of tbe situation in which he was placed. While we were with bim his bro- ther, a boy about tea years old, came to take his teatTurkey todiminish'*The disastrous consequences of tbis treaty — , . fc Apart iromthis "balance of power," Uw principle of ber!r6B hazards, both from the long cherished ambiUon and cne which, we pray, we may never witness again. for the wars past. We are at war now. All «!*-*'1* •"•"•" i in• ,)»-IIUIIIIJ '• IT- • W I U K W .W O tIndeed, w e haveantecedeet proofs or the Emperor LoomNapoleon's ideas oa Uw subject, and the line of policy which hte government followed since.AnarticleofUwvery greatest importanceappearedin the Paris Payt of the 4th of May, 1863, which, after ari- ticising with some severity the conduct of M. Tniers in 1840, proceeded lhut>-"Oar national pridt tt mesh tat-BArOlBOB OB TrBXBT.UwwlUofPetertbtGreat,havenotceasedtoeastcove- EgypttadTurkey. ThedayteattoeEasternquestion yardandballs. These,oranytotegfixedWltapbMIn 1806 Uw Czar, owing to Uw state of affair* in Europe(RussiabeingabouttojoinEnglandandAustriaagainst theseanalogouspretensionstosomeaccount,andforce turbanceorrevolutionbefoundinEurope? WouldEng-Napoleon), demanded that Turkey should enter into an upon Europe Uw acceptance of a combination which land dare to contend single handed against Russia, Prus-offensive and defensive alliance with Russia, and more- would allot Turkey to Russia: to France Uw Rhine fron- sia aad France? We cannot admit suetit thing. If, any time, anywhere, by any practiced officer,foreveover that all tbe mbjecta of the Sultan wbo professed tbe tier, which Napoleon I. considered la 1814 as a tine qu* however, it did happen—if Great Britain shoold venturefaith of Uw Greek church should thenceforth be con- nen condition of his existence at a sovereign. There are tooommit such aa hafnodeaee, the Blight receive a te-sidered under Uw protection of the Emperor of Russia. only two millions of Turks In Europe, whereat there art vere lesson. Gibraltar, Malta, Uw Ionian Islands, are aWhile these demands were pressed upon them, which thirteen millions of Greeks, whose spiritual bead is the security for her keeping quiet; those are the weak pointslieved."There it atreasontosutismithatlagMmdwouldnotinforms the world, that "wttb * ^ J * ? * « ^ * t o » ? t o »he fired.There te but one way of overcoming Uw obstacles to beaad Servia might then he united under oae prince, at are Wallachia and Moldavia, whilst Bulgiria should have a separate government or its own. By tote srrsngeewat the misgoverned provinces of Turkey would be pawedSeeing that Russia aad France were leagued together under better, or at least more stringent rale, and ren- tance. It is not the intention that officers shook! ke ten-against the intergrity or Turkey, Austria persuaded Eng- dered separately responsible to Europe for their treat-land to interfere, and the treaty of the Dardanelles wat ment of their Christian population. The sick man, thus concluded with Turkey in 1809. relieved from the cares with which he te at present un-A second discussion about the partition of Turkey took able to cope, would be in a condition to do full justice to place in 1868, between tbe late Emperor Nicolas and bis people, and Europe would no longer be fretted byTbe Court met yesterday morning, when the followingfw^m^MHPIB- -- I I«!,••• «••«««!.any message can go at once. The answer cornea back tt wm «e raoosara erUntil Uw eightetcta nectary Russia had hot little po-after,anticipatingfreshencroachmentsonthe part^SX Russians, tb«y prepared to put themselves on a f^timit^permit tie domination of Russia Thefechniiogv of influence on the affairs of .Europe seems naturally tobelong to the sovereign of Constantinople, holding the 2ate- > 1 the Mediterranean and the Black Sea "tor, at ths request of the prisoner, and in hisname, warccd all there assembled against drinking bouses, baw- dy h< t ses and other like pieces, for to teem and the evil—u»v..inrmu.1 We*cvMfert at all haxarda anv new att^mnt*TM **ultoeUK><s*rn diplomacy—" f a r la greet de Di Ft lavoicnteeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetrnn New 13069Yowww.fultonhistory.com-rk 