 .,in HI•!"I, i ^ « i .41 i fiiii»,ywf-rawi *•'»'"''"iam-'^wppiI860.-SHEET.l1to that employed oa the Contiaoat; aad the disUacttv*language or signs', espenially ta Its highest developeotcntswitness tbe joy of the pupils, which was oommunjeatet to each other In their own peculiar manner- The PJrincecountry, and though it prove &fail| JVhich it is uni- versally hoped It will not—the fame 4 I s inventor will in no wise be diminished, nor we ^iiejte, tbe deep andner as the mala entrance, on Irving plaoe -ts weird, unnatural, half dreamy appearance which dense1dredpopila,wt»heverycomfortandconvenience. There lesr,andtasubduedtonesthosewhoareaaaamstwiththe Atlantic ocean, between tneIMtei;',i tee aad urenit*iiTbeAcademy,atteuo'clock, wasfilled,andthoseWtjamom* of tbe Prinos, which was fitted up in Arrived IsH'r sank unregarded iato the throng, Uke rata broke the ranks, and after runatag from oas P***There are a number cf noticeable peroneal present. PerSTrr-oo.t-- w •"• ••»• *-*' t" " £ * baps themost important and intersittag individual IA*he stage this auspicious' afternoon la or | toh staada ri-DtnavKLT ih-mimmhe s m c i M * — A r o B * w r now.rum—cHA»*.crit*aanc canrosmoxs BV seme O* gifted and estimable personage She has cosapewdRoyal Hlghaeas suggested « MaSlc,'. hle," and the "»reat Bsatathfeh - The Clouds." Mutic waa tbe rdbst deaf mutea, who never heard awbiB^wj^bo Attaatlc Oa- inmebody aadedcult subject for tag strain, to ry wrote aboutof music, that tsofmentn todisarmthe its fierceness, iilenlqaa—that from t a e birth or the of God Whtt express it, Ioa the river, the buildiaga have been erected at a ©oat of about three hundred thousand dollars. The Asylum ia ta everywayadmirablyadaptedtothepurposeforwhichIt wae designed. Accommodattoaa are provided for five hun-R. Tlkliaghaat, a young gentleman of brilliant talent I aad extensive acquirements. Other pupils scarcely teas lute restingaretatheroom,hatwehavenot opponenty to describe them, for there is an excitement among the \ -olce-ble:—to wires, forcourses; enter this room, and you seemed to be ia a street, more especially the one facing the hotel< dressing rotm, with the toilet articles scattered ta ad- was ciowdteJ, ta fact every etavattaa oa botkBldewalkB were literally crowded befw*|hour cf the Prince's departure arrived. Tat of t h e taws of gravitation; long Uses of planks suggested of the house before noticed (opposite the betel i•tipper and Delmontoo; sawdust fitta shavings, bsnohhi badhliltorvp swept down at least twenty tiswisre |a the mentation now only three hundred piplle.malee aad female*, who arefarracged tot uftaeo differeut ctaaasi far the purpoae of instruction; bat ta erecting theae n JWgift of speech murmur the announce mat t that "the P riaoo I* coming."Britain. A trial waa made, and mesa; p were conveyed acrtea tbe wide Atlantic Holidays1* HI ivea la huior of tbe trlumpb, aid all the true ollizt fr ht Eogiand and America wjoiaed at the new tie Mhtleound us to our* *y S:*Precisely at three o'clock la the afternoon the partyaaylum buildiaga the dlrastora were witely itoveroed arrived in frent of the institution. They teamed ttely mother country. Butall these wets [ |al ie* to bvdisap-and tools, hangings and flowers, men tn shirt ataeves the day ta consequence of ths aocumulatioa i dercription. A short piazzi has been specially erected, and n en ta overalls, all were mingled In a chaos U 4 e arising from the crowds making one of toe iteaj |more by aatkrtpatl*»a for the fatare than by the present actual neceaaUua. The Aaylum for tbe Deaf and Dumb ia one of the moat WWthy tnstttutlons ta the land. There are about twenty each avyfauna ta this oouatry,aal many more ta Europe, but the New York institution Is acknow- ledged' to be the finest w them alL The system of la-alighted, were m t by tbe President and trustees, andos corted o p t o t h e ebapeL Walking with Mr. Wmthrop, the President, tbe Prince of Wales entered the chapel/accompanied by the members of the party and lol|ope1l by the trustees of the institution All the people rose when he catered, and when he approached the pisiformpolnteo,tar alter working a few wfcte, itst/i cable relused to carry messages across the oceaii. •'and It was efecorated with a few American and British flags, and tbat Is about all that can be said about it. It was arranged that the Prince aad tbe General Committee, with their guests, should enter at this point.TBE FOURTEENTH STREET ENTRANCEThis was set apart for the entrance of the invitedaoribebte, and it seemed that n o powor short of magic could can from these elements the Aladdin's palace whtah the ball room waa designed to be.Sjid more confounded grew tbe confusion as the day slowly waned and night settled upon the Academy, throw- ing tbe dark corners and out of the way passages into tbepurpose of being able to aee the sights the I when he told those assembled thereon of that j w raid, "tbe more stoop-id (stupid) atpast eight the crowd began to be tas rka, although they were only maul | It was deemed expedient to cause tasbwhich was done h. a very eff «cs!The officers, about twenty, marched frost—aa when it rises tato the regtoa of abatrao«oaa--ia herebrought to a state of resaarkahle perfection. The ant between the President>nd Mayor Wopd, on one o> the mutual Interests which unite the twq;|r< itest nations ongood Abbe Do L'Eeee, wh» may be said to be thefather at the sign language, aad ta have cloeely ob-served tbe natnral means of communication which thefront seats Then Dr. Harvey T. Pert rose and addressedhia Royal Highness as follows:—BIROS RKHFRIW—In behalf of the institution which Ibavethe honor to represent, I beg leaveto tender you acordialwelcone, not tbelees sincere, althoughiffnethe surface of tbe earth will be one s| $q lessened.. Mr. Tillinghast thus briefly epohi] < Ithe mamavessel:— ; . | |Tbe Great rnstern ii a grand speo'4 jei if what English genius could achieve This achievw tet 1 in meohanioa!botiea Incident to rapid, active work by scores of hurried men. Gradually the oenfuslaw became mingled with somethinglikeorder,andthehurry and bustle merged into something like design. Jet by jet the thousands of hghts which circle the room flamed out, and at precisely sex o'clock tbe Academy was lighted up, aad for the firstupon the people like a solid mass, compelling thea treat nolens POIOM. The two sentries thea earn mtheyfastenedfirsttotherailings,aid(i ) next to the lamppost on either aidfcrmlrg a barrier to their adrasm. aome of the men to gaard this rope, totdbr next procc-oded to fores beck the others who the roadway near tha c u b . This move wasant effectual,for.inafewmomentatherewasplastyefideaf mutes whom hetaifht aader theoldsystemem-ployed among them!elves to give expression to their ccastty it must be brief. In your tour throughout science is ranked among the proudeeMtr |mphs of wh>chgeetlve and beautiful signs for ditterent objects, and by our broad prairies, our municipal institution*—and, haveand the spear tato tbe penning hoot..' Miss Eastman said only this about; he I have been requested to give myis one hurdred and fort) four feet by twenty flightfees ta breadth Connecting with the ball room timetbowed itself as the Prince's ball rooa.careful thought and study, proceeded to develope oneeverywhere, I trust, received that respert and considerslouis*-**""*providing far their own substoteoce. introduced for the purpose of showing from bo* low tpoint of intellectual comprehension*-the Instructors wert AfewweeksagoMr.CyrasW.Field,whoisoneoftbe compelledtostart.been 'gratifiedtiemity—ifsuchapalaceof light could bo Imagined to gametastingboo,wasprouderstill,forheslrattaihave a limit—circle upon circle of gta jets roes to the from the steps to the carriage ta a manner, di bared11directors, went with Mr. Archibald, the British Consul, The next was a selection of throe young ladies aad off towards H>gb Bridge. The vistt te {Deaf and Dumb to aee tbe institution, oa which occasion the anticipated three young gentlemen from the highest class. Me ta- Asylum formed an interesting panssfi tbe tour of thevisit of the Prince of Wales to the city of New York was trodaoed the visiters to these pupils by tbe aid of signs. Prince, aad the occasion will be a a |r mentfamed. Several of the pupils ta the higher classes The President suggested that some questions should be annals of tbe institution.•able one ta tbewere asked if they would like tohave the Prince of Walespay a visit to she Asylum, aad were requested to write reply was that the royal party were delighted to neetchandeliers of gas jets, swept the eye downward again to row il yon were down there," Ao. There were t nriages, belonging te the hotel, derated to the rriaw H x * o m o edown their sentiments oa the subject The replies were all unanimous for bis coming; aad, through the kindness of the manager* of the Institution, where oopiee werethem, and wished tbe pupils to write on the slates wuatever they ehcee. They tamed to their plates, aad while THE DECOBATIONB O P Tfflffij 4DEMT O F flags, arranged ta gtaeeful featoona of tbe red, white andthey were busy writing tbe interim waa occupied by one kept, wa are enable«to give the public the sentiments of them—Mia* Walter—ta rendering tato signs toe fol-ts would y of Music,OP WALES, jrx ^risjeBT, 1 9,1*80 /blue, emblematic of America aad Great Britain.iFBOM THB BALL ROOM TO THE SUFFER BOOR. jjf dress circle, by tbe beds of ^flowers, pact tbeOn leaving the ball room for the supper room, a passage entrance to the Prince's dressing room, guardedexpremed oa that occasion. iMr. Willis Hubbard, one of the pupils, wrote:—occasion by Mrs. Peet —ta sonordaaos with the following notl|THE BALL IK HONOR OP THE PR} Ori-iac or THScmcRBTanr;Nai Nnw YOKE/It sffords us indescribable pleasure this delifhtfal after- WaXOOMS TO T HKS MIINCE—BTY K B * . MABT TC-L1Sbai to be traversed of considerable leagtn, as alreaafy henttoned; but at tbe entrance from tbe one te tbe other wereplacedanumberoffiguresofancientknightitaar a or, supposed to represent all the previous Princes Ofby suits of mall, stitlly erect, as if some ancient warriors were awaiting in stately discomfort the arrival of their chief,theeye oncemore turnstotbetentedSiage,and loose back down the long vista of cool, green arbors, stretchingtotheshoresofaquietlake,acrosswhichyou h ok to a distance limitless, and seem to get away fromasked whether we should like te see tbe Prince of Wales, and although I acknowledge no nobility, save such as Popedescribes,noaristocracyInthecrimsonlifecurrent that courses alike through our veins, I unhesitatingly answer, yta, for to see him to whom, in all probability, will be entrusted the supreme power, under God, overmilitant of people, end the government of tbe greatest—pireon earth, aad ta addition to all this, tbe son of sfternoon, a call irom Lord R^nlrew. tbe Duke of Newm MitUu:—approment*. Thea came tbe bauds, ta uniform, who tookthe throne, on which the Queen has just been seated, con- first drawn up tn platoots and after war Js stationod along and cot aee him then—bah»" 8everal other bito be whoa* son were alone a passport to our hearts, tadiet-n be an h nor and a happiness to be oft re I tothrrugh Mfe—a white dayamilst many darkTo ea ths visit of the heir apparent of th- 3rltl«fa thronetothiscountryseemsauauspletoatomen,andas event which will tend to draw still closer the *>c t ofcastle, Mayor Wood and a number of other distinguished passesages, and we acknowledge it a eeiight ul task to tell bow we feel to fcave the son of the I" Washington of Qotei>8" honor-US with his presence. We hope be will iotfindbuscallber<>unsatisfactory tohimself. Welave i.ot the ivast bops of being able to giv* him a suitableten-Siweirtewv.ry large andsuperb mirrors,someiuagniucent gold, stiver, china and glassware, eoreiue ti-el to the simply but magniflcently furnished boys:— *propounded to bring out the powers of the pupils.. Thethis room was aot carpeted ta scarlet, but ta squares, In softly from their green beds, aad speaking ta their fra- the centre of each a cornucopia, with a red border. Tits grant, silent language their sweet welcomes. Boxes,NEW YOBK HERALD, SiWTBDAY, OCTOBER 13,4-those among them who are silent'bo coniesoatheonesideandthefemales oatheother. Be edtheirlips.God hat * s a l - tbe foliow-j plentifully arrayed.TBI WJ.;.«8 BOOM.« Lto twnaty years, are seated immediately bebiad-thew a t n M «*v*re*tloa with toe **J" *** **j bind these are the spectators crowded out to ths door. Miss Augusta a kastman's slate <very brilliant. There were a vast number ef ehaadetieraSited up expressly for the oocaeton, white towards theother and, mar the stage, the useal « i - | P J » Jlights ebone brllltanUy even duriag the dayi i«i»l*« «»• f adrift, to one a aaattoal phrase, the) good liquor wealdtwenty carpenters who were engaged ta planing tbifloor, be tefftcieat to teat a tolerably beildu.g. A targe number of tl,afterbepartook of thea^enae, »«><»J** Xwssts. At half part two to* earrag•» were ©More*, andtogTwThs event which has led to ourThat was the joUtest arraagemaat of the whole. Sot at one time there were betweea attend peraens congregated round about- taduction to theJtowenrtleendLordL,oas,.««*J^""^2roomIstheprincipaloftheInstitution,HarveyPPast,v»lkdtahonorandglorybyaeney.y nonaisotthiscoveringthewholeoftbeatage,psrqoettaandTherewereallsortsofwines,"frombumbleperttottedtowlteeasthesaarmoftoeIrhwwWLvJlthe lawn tote lhe road aad proooadod w the Baal aaa littitutua, v l t . Urn < * » . . « * ! Joyal Highness other parte of the building, to fto farthest extremity. IX D. He teamed the art of teaching deaf mutes from of the m<wtSi*Untltuttoe,Themoral*vtoltev.*«-C-jal theRev.Dr.Gelaudet,whowasthefirstinstructorthePrineeofWales,withac*»thadrorquitete imperial tckay;" and, apeaktag at tokay, we are toraed from visiting the verioag tasUtatioaT Thispartortbearrangfmeetwasparticularlyliberal— rtmtboedofthatpawngeu»oneofDumas'workswhere abouttotheneighborhood,hopingtohw2tbe order being to spare no expense Some idea of the the hotter of the Marshal Due de Richelieu paid everao with regard to the departure of the yoang .itent of theadditional lights will be derived wbn It isS V n . t d - « - » r t to tbo Prteco,- hi, way tot* of tbe targuage of signs ta this country. Dr. uulLsudet C^ofo,rcfct*tm.gstr*e,.«4 " •"*•» « « thaytog* either to* at tee Pr.no. of Wales, that too ©nr- taught tathe American Asylum at Hartford. Dr. Poetciutaguisbed aohility of n««tanc\n perioo looked ferward aaxlom md yet hope- fully tothe boar ta which we IM tehold thesoumany hoar red franca for a bottle of tokay, which he had procured to be stolen for tbe delectation of the King of 8*edea, wLo was aa flimaily dteguised as the Prince ofthe bah. Not*ithstaadtag there were i |4e, thejtrowd may be said to have I and quiet one ever assembled.Cforjarte.amongswchaeoaeoarainaturally be a few of those aaaashaiSrtJeafarm**«»•"d"»«l-«*ln «»**P**1**UU1 J t e o s bis depart are, end, M t content with l**tng *» h k » „ b e pa»sed through tb« gate, they rou»»ed ta tbe r0,al train until its arrival at tbe LWaf aad Dumb Iaatt- taitow.THE VISIT TO THE INBHTOTIOS FOB THE DEAF AND DUMB.went there ta lttz, nearly foity years age, aad attained distinction ta tbe art of teaching, about ten years later be came to tbe Asylum ia New Tort, which at that time bad Tew ta number and an Inferior aystera of instruction His useful labors in assietlrg materially to build up anl improve the Institution are well known, and need an tpecial mention. Ia the chapel are also seenhisof the universally honored queen oj of empires, in •l^^o f J*!r t "O W 1 justly as beautifully «"»B,r«»*rt#0>i Borlaee ol tbe whole world with he mry posts, whose ntornlag drum.r and keeping company with Umbo eiMly with ore continuous and u martial airs of England." -Itof the greatest which it hasas has dotted theIons and mill Howing theeun the. carta u|W strain of tbeimentioned that throughout tbe building no fewer thaneight hundred feet of gas pipes were laid on for theoccasion, and that three hundred additional gas barn-era were placed oa by the gas fitters employed for that Walei under Ute moelest name of Baron Benfrew. If allThe greetest rntlafactloa '<WM 4**$*whom, Iwae Lewis Pert, A .M , is the Vice Principal cete "amw«hjeotaferthepapllsl(]e itenpon." HisHail l holy light, offspring ef beevea'a first born, Or of tbe eternal ooaternal beam,tt at there were aot fewer than one hundred different sorts ot winer, embracing the choicest viands Of cham- pagne, sherry, claret, hook, h eTHE008T.The supper room, specially erected for the occasion,cost from fl 600 te SI,100, aad the expeases of taba* and decorations added will bring up the sum total to aboal 12 000, affording a tolerably good Idea of the style'n which the great ball to the Prince of Wales has been gotten up.peaces at the doors or windows of the betel polioomsB Hon. lag and l^al-who Itries on the top of toe stops of tbe Twenty ia-" entrance, came in for a ahare ef fsome ot which were favorable a** m3[atany of the gentkmen reaidlsg atthe hotelthe building hy that way, they would he«• There he la," « That'a his*," « m , hL hi - J gentleman with a very black beard se. annoyed aa ha ran the ganntiet of those gasnot s e t m t c like tbe doubtful compliment. tsons, woe are all teachers ta the institution,the Tbe wife of t h s gentlemen is a semi mute, and aMay I express thee unbiamed rAnd never b u t in anapprosened tight Dw.lt tr<.m eternity—dwelt thea te Thee, Bright t rfluetoe ot bright essence toeriate.TUB rcru*—HI» nuviu HIGUMSSU IS UBBATIVT •MTSBIAl.NAS A>D EXCXBIH*ai.T DBUOHTSD. Pern*,* the meet tatereatmg part of yesterday's pro-mm»'iimsi,uiitni<s*t*, confessedly en* of the moat Into-restltg vtattoof tbo Prince tad Hit* since their arrival intail country, was that made by the royal part* to theItetliuiioe for tbe Deaf *nd Dumb. His R09W Hlfuawse command oVwrtttee hmgoaga, aad write* hoaatlfullcom such a mjsterkms thrall, which has aad the members of nil wile expressed themselves a t position., replete with exquisite eentlmedt. Another ex- rsvsge and cause tbe wild b**ast to Ii(he ft trawsa.4:A a hedsis^reeamttoEMBp ,arrival-kahilinit•xia 1 of tribBorandaftfratverses gtrtag a welcome to the Prtaot, which will be Inter- preted after bis Roj al Highness arrival aad the eiefhises*** *Mae at Ma Montgomery, a member of have commenced. one ofwrite upon. i t : -Here is wbat Mint |iBefore the heaven! thou wert, and at the voioe Of GodTaB with a mantle didst ta »eatt o o rising world of waters, dark and deep, Thou from the v >;d and formless tnflntte.the, highest class, la a * , a highly gifted lady aad one ofavorites ta the instltotloa. She baa a wonderful all powerful influence wliicti holdstlK having been Mcerdtagly delighted *itb their emit. Ths ceedlrgiy talented young lady, one who has been In ths creating wbtle it lasts a brief but eoakBut what need is there to d well further on this sabject?incrmprehensible something whic exercises, which we fully chronicle below, weraof aa atyhnat for nearly a doaen years, Is Mtafcqertmle Walter, overflowing heart of Davie, hother decorations, ta tbe tent part of the ball room, abeautrfu! allegorical painting In the culling was particu-Like the world from chaos, like a star from inconsistent nebulas the Prince ef Wales' ball room rose from the .fragments of odda and ends of every coocoivab.e sort aad" Therew the Prince, dent you see his queen- shouted another, " that's only a princes. • sand the first, " b u t ahe wUl be thequeeaLIntensely taterettmg cbaraot* where exquisite delicacy of feeltagsand unsurpassed at Saviour, and now floats around u it may be in Its bodily shape, ifTaeel.gaataaispaciousbeildtagaoftbeAsylumare tiinmeoutatheUvngnageofsignsinluhighestferma knownot,butIknowitsspiritMbe) ctOBy;anditis situated ta a beautiful posittoa on Waahmgtae Heights, have elicited the admlrattoa cf all who iaow her. there not alone through the medium of mt i ihat this divinelarly i noticeable. That, too, was done b y Mr. Osbryo-*who, by the way, it ia jutt as well to name as the artist variety, which bewildered the visitor to the Aoademy of a lading up with a hearty laugh, ta which hiscommanding a splendid view of tbe Hadaoa river. F.: ty is also aittlng oa one of tbe seats oa the same atde of the •even aeree of mad, formtrty occupied by Ooloael room aa interesting little erpbaa girl who wasspirit can make its influence felt, for. j ceaseless beat of tbe ocean, tbe dar; ssd even hi the waving arms andbt trier tl at crown our own Palisades* • found In inanimate nature, ta things t aiethoee whose lives are but one. g*sen it in the of the river, colorsofthe 18 music alone tble, for thtre whlnh atof Ute New York Academy of Music, as well as of the institution of the same name now ta the course ol ereo tion to Brooklyn.Music yesterday afternoon, and appeared—perfection. Late ta the afternooa the disorder and confusion ware ta- desoribahle Here asd there peeped oat hits of the Academy; turn this way and Baits of armor, tied hastily up with corda, reminded you of recreant knights strongjoined Two noisy old dust carta passing along i_ excited their witty nature, and were art does at, the carriages for the Prison aad suitsMonroe, nephew of Pretideat Monroe, aad designated op la one of tbe worst neighborhoods of-Hhe city,Faawood, ta booor «f hia daughter Fanny, are laiJ oat tat te the Asylum aad named Mary Fanwoodthe aeatest etyte of landscape gardeairg- Ia these splen- title of the estate cpon which the asylum ia situated.didajeunds-wortohatfamilliondollare-andfronting OneoftbeyoungmetsittingaeartbeplatformisDavid lastmergesintheperfectharmonyd perfectedofAt about jta.ht o'clock tbe croan began u iof the moat expressive miens of communication between tion doe to your lorcship's high position and future proapects. Butthisistbe nrttinstitution of tbestad>1be- withclouds,theexactnatureofwnl<{)1 tonotp.o'eisto street, one hundred and Oft/four feet taMUSIC. 11It was generally understood that tl lowing piece of poetry, which had been composed for the he admitted at six o'clock tato tbe^black livery, great coats and bats, with white ed the brilliant room. Sweeping around U korchkfe, ho.Theseverseswereexpressedtathelanguageofsignsby Miss Walter ta a truly wonderful and effective masker, tbe eyes of everyone all the while being rlvltedj not•ni utelf, w h v |wing put :bnOn the le:t of ibe ualntug was a beautiful engravmg of the yueeo, by Henry Graves 4 Co., and to tie rightfisible in the faces of the illustrious guests. Thecompositionswerebythistimecompleted,andthe Vice Principal proceeeed to read them from the states.Mr. Henry A. Rumrill wrote as follows:—'.•tt* ma'j good portrait, Rmongwhom the Iron DukeiBi-iLj-picuouj. Otherbeautifulengravingsdeooratedtbe• allfi, tbe whole of which were by the same flrra.iimotig •ther noticeable features In the decorations of thisthe lobbies and the several entrances, where their oner- rue<!ntieewerequietlybut efficiently performed. Then came the guests, wauderirg curionsly abound the vast space»followirg the criugoc Hrwl corridors with their decorations of armorial shields and suits o? armor, whichalthough shivering with cold, itocd tbetr'ground I fully until the last, determined never tc give wsy.One energetic female, who would Lot keep u ranks, was oompeliel to be removed by t!-e po * the aotea cf toe folkining rhjme, sucg loulij tfItIsahighcomplimenttoustoreceive,thislovely0 flowers Thatneverwilltaotherclimategro*1My early visitation and my lastAt ev'n. which 1bred up with tend'. From the iWet opening bud, and gavi Wtonowfballrearyetotheson,OL Your tribes, and water from th' smbfTbe following, from Miss Landon, wi priate:—Bring flowers to cro*n the cup aajf b*iff, Bringflowert,thebrio.-isuca#Brii'g flowers to soothe the capti^!f.om all cot: it tries, tropical and northel] le following etuitUnicr of spermaceti candies, containing treaty, be found u£iLg bis ban is was of very little effect,which mtwt ever exist bet*een people so welcome, as we fear we are children as coniuaxed to hisBr,ng flowers to strew the bfeyhis art, appealing alike to the eye and the palate—" - beMnd winch, In double ranks, and distin- continually employed Is pushing toetn back, mtkuifofEnglandanlAmerica,and re current flashing pang "the f>)!rtenioorl'' e the electiical fluid whose flow we onca cele- rer beinterrupted,oven temporarily, Isoarhighstanding. ] *^Mr. Willis Hubbard expressed his feelings thus :—guished by numbered badges,stood theBsrvants. twayaboutlikeafurgingSea.Ayoangwomu In looking around the room and v | l 'H the piaiiin Fioui the centre of Ute r<> m depended.a magniflccnt Soon tho crowd became too great; the dressing did not like the policeman pueLlrg her with b_ab,sraerthosmaadwish.^SSt*****becoming too soldier than the prospective monarch of tl e grea'est kingdom on. earth. It is unnecessary to shy further thantbatalltbearracgementsforthetoilet, thnugb plain, were perfect.1HB COOKING ARRANGEMENTS.The whole of the basement and lower apartments of 'be Medical College were tendered to the General Com-tiers were occupied by those who preferred to overtook the brilliant assemblage which moved reetlcss'y beneath •TWspniKsebailwascrowded;buttherethecrowdwas djiviaed into section! by the various ro>me, but here in onevastartewascollectedtheehuofNewYorksociety. -Beneath tht thousands of gaslights the crowd surged backwards and forwards, shifting and changing like tbeby tbe poltcemae ta charge, she found, herself, to' coyance, tasteed cf beirg in a better position, right sideoftheenurecrowd,andostofs^htandto* one man was rewsrded for an attempt to sUpb)officerswlihsveryntos taponbisheaa,wh.ct mined b i » and others to keep in the rack's for tbe the evening *r»»e one appeared to get a severe »e,Park, where he planted aa Englishand the residence of Mayorroad, where ho partook ofarranged1thatthePrinceof00 1l* ** *>^e Deaf and DumbMr. David R. TClingbaefs read as follows :—It i» with a fn« appreciation of the great booor which the Prince of Wahs lias conferred upon us that we extend acordialwelcometohim. WoreelthatoureiK-amu* fellow men who hav? gr.-ted bim in every part of this cow.try which be baa parsed through, coold not be n w e eerlis!thanwetaexpressingourpieaiuretaseeinghim We see ta the Pritce a future king «,r the Britiah omutre who will count, among his subjects, muttons of free andChristianmen.ForsuchavastresponsibilitythePrince bis been prepare! by a mother wheat I regard aa themoatChristianqueenIeverreadof mhistory. Thawcanethesentimentsofthetwoyoungladles MissI IdaMontgomery gave formtoherUwoghtitaa stylo of simplicity atmo«t severe, and more drops !n1o <be ocean. Tbe private boxes were fuU; tha another, ard snothtj', tui beirg turned hack iron*"••<*•••»•*•*keptcomparativelyquiet;yet aInuresoftheesraslim. "^• " * " ! ? " V " * fc*"****** to participate ta the. »-»...- «••*"•*"•»^l****»nrhurryorbattle it wasexmittee,andtbespaetoeskitchenoftbebuildingwag JOgureetaakaleidoscope,orliketheoceanrippUagbeneath Ifaloud"ohfta-b!"mighthetokeniner.denceoffact.0madecteofIbrcookingpurposes. ItwaaaaastonishingB'tbt towliners that large arrayof cooks,under the aolomauagen-etitof that prince of caterers, Delmontoo Allwere arrayed ia white dresaea, with aprons and caps of ble, vtjfcaiirt), fickle, quick, changing. A aoa of heads, crowds outtide, for, though the former knewwef" enowy white), and the execution they did put one in mind hat besides a sea of colors, the light flashing hack from meat not crowd up tha hauwntw, athl aotbtag wouU* of hot crt Peter Pindar, in describing the culinary ar- toe ga; n and richest of dreaaei, from pearly white Buade them they were doing wrong, and if toe r " rangement* of a W. ••minster election for that prince of^*TMTM* "**been wellarranged ^^^ •***0|lwtw WOAhl aaai— mtgentlewinds andbright sunshine. There wasaejam, Jjor'ta jam" expresses a fixed, Immovable body ofper- ECfis—this wac rather a throng, a crowd—mobile, varit-s*saaBBBBBBBV i'aaBBBwaf aaam aw ~ *- -** *"•**» weTTiTJI aVl :the foliowing manner : -they are at the habit of aasemblmg « ! £ * a^rahsln^glad acclaim of welcome to the beir of Enrjand, and the all ths glory of pink aid white. At •on of aarptaihaw Queen, and though we may no. join beaut iiul allegorical oil painting Is wortItotatfcT'J•"?!"••» •** accompany htm her* looey Oth<iof theAmerican flag OnherrightIsaI nia, with t h e traditional shield, Hon Hie is shaking bands with OoioBibta. arms of New Tor* city. Above, the p!mstoTSrt?1IL?"uasT tbe Prisma.I mstractivete vmeMasterilLif'"***' "««»* !*given ustodo t * * w h o " , n l m -*1100 °r t n e i r|Itiswithunboundedpleasurewewelcometoourinat f W - 0rroomswereclosed,thepromenadereleftthesupperr>otaJtarly appro lights. Thecarpeting, like thegeneral arrangements andcircleathebuilding, theband struckupa favorite tobelabortunwitht-r ti_d«to thebestofherat.targuageofMaryBowittseemedtobefl Thus IthtobservedthattheInmate*themselmex- I S SUriSr fl , '" •"•» iBea£w7w£r priate—which berenitaty title be is traveliii:<r m this country ante to see his Royal Hi|uess. A visit With his suite. ABOurs.ii^t ungues wiU not permit us to welcsme him by chanting n a b nal airs, we hope tnat, however, had already been designed as our givingBaroa Renfrew a bearttcit welcome la wrliinx inmmeofhissojourntnNewYork. onUieaesates,thematerialsofwh«chcamefromthe}>ro- Tlnce of which be is styku the Prince, *ifl be suffleieat the University yesterday, the Fret Aoa to exK«M onr Uae feelings. ^ ^ w»»uu«wsnGod might have made the earth Enough for great and small, Tb- oak tree and the cedar tree,Withoutafloweratall.Be might have made enough—eno For every want of ours:.For luxury, medicine and toll, And yet have made noflowers,iOutward li»e requires teem not; Thenwhereforehavetheybir«b>!To minister delight to man, To beautify the earth. ,Tocomfortmar?,tewhiroerhoW1 Whene'er his faitn ia dim;For wboso can tb lor tbe Bowers WillmuchmorecareforHtmButthebestsentimentorallseemsi Park Benjamin's pi.by line —l forthpressedintbrorgbout,cavetheUiattactioosalreadymentioned,was U crimson cloth.THE PRINCB'8 DRKB8IKa ROOK.To the left of the GreenRdem was lhe drewtagair, flutatlcn and conversation began.THE ACADEMY PILLED,but1begoodtesjperedftnowmerelysmiledand pushed aad smiled, and, when he had got them oatttiy took s "eht>w of tobacco" and put tt in h i saaaclaee and rayment forhishart work.OatFlowers a r e tove's truest laog . At the end of the ballroom, opposite ||a^nia» g4ta^|,|M^^a^^^|jJt^^^e^^^ *•**• WVf© fcFrom thelengthandbreadthofw bindhasrolledaha sddittonwnmadeofasvera!metinIFrom what the officers said they seemel tohavei trouble with the gueato Inside tbe hotel than witi*ur Totaea in thegtad roll of souad, our pleasure is oot » • jsaa hnarUelt, nor oar welcome the less w*rss te rumlaid their hands oa them e r e so lightly the replyeT^^Sl?^1"^VTM*">'teu«ofSnglsndandAme appearsinthegarbofafemaleIndian,'damhud **lS* •8n*,l« asgive ear* .a the deaf and•wMheaaMrtol?€.,,*.wl0**• *«*&<** had though tte of Wales. Tbe wboia, it Mhardly neeerfullitend, arranged on apuMsareto mbaeIn fart, the whole realm of nature asemeti to hare beeaf taeniae of the house, and yet, by a common, bet singular royalty;" efcen he waa asked. "Then, why «have beena*0" ransacked to fnrntah torth this great feast. There were parados, ».<k 1one to appreciate lu great extent. Filled, there?' What tbe answer might _, n * * - l N •"^•oamejajn are reserved for the Friaoe eh*erA?m?Tua^.tl'&jrjs^irr 2! •enta the tmU&t eordiele between the U, ofWahwhedseta)a.dsashinvitedgummasmayaosstn- nooxcethat*menieciiV,^.. ^ *•o**"'*o'oe.4>- GreatBritain.sa'nW'fiom theKent.,her,f^mtheTyne.andother' b«ttotja.T:ii,od;crowded,but;withplentyefroomfor cot, butat this IE<>meattherayelpartyd.O*" rtkralarly parteofAmericaandScotland;wildf0*if-oaithepml- alltoD<<•com'ortabjyatdwithoutdisturbance—f.w edthestairs1 falleveningcjstame,«*"l|wr|*4Tbepupils,rangingfromtheago*oftea'oorguestbeatsh»g<swtih^i.,""*"'*"d•*•oe*rlKThelightingofthispartofthebttld.1 worthy of notice, especial y to the newThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069| ^ , w e w m w w h m h h « ^ g j ! l ^o f h i " 0 , a • that there aireri. Bof Ititaov; buffHtaes' tongues from prairie* still far- separate .-^tacrea wtire ree^rve-l foregresi an! lr-gress ther West. But why dwell on this department f It wore* the AcadoiEy was rvady for the arrival of the Prince.tag their opera Late ta their hal.^, a5<tered tbe carriages amid toadw 1 t h %hmt composltKma Here the rrlnoe^wt i lucstedto tndlknewn as as the "Htm York Boya." whsat the opening or tbe Third Book of oar great poeir tokay drank fey *"• King of 8wedon. It u aald selves and the crowu by miUetotag every astjI have been atked to express m yi t . ,God. f }i. Mr. Hubbard wrote about the Atlaii io Since Professor Moras applied eifecti jolItoeatloBs, and they were not admitted inside, though ftie expected tbat there will be a perfect rush of the fra-ternity to morrow. Among them will be a young andrising artist, Mr. George atacey, of No. 143 Madisoustreet, a stereoaoopist, whose views of tbe Prince's re eigned to demonstrate the effect of a suspension «« tion yesterday are likely to make a sensationone placeto ii the object of many acienttue gentlemen t) esSaMitt a ble across tbomirablec*fnHon;look towards the stage, and a girden the way on that street waj takenthe purpose ofconveying measaffea;t" another with lightning rapidity, U,b« iscene, all awry and one-sided,, appeared^as if tt wera doMies Eastman wrote this paragraph jtct:J- J |^. the same sub-of American k graph, wbiob forms one of the most important Itakj Inhe great cnaioOne of tbe proudest and. noblest U\r genius w e esteem that of tbe snbmart•tnwtiOB adopted hi the American iattttuttous is superior resumed their seats again. It was a beaut 1ui sight to of national interests which connect | iMitb the m >ther guests, and was decorated in pretty much the same man- densest shadow, aad giving to the whole interior thatalready mentioned, th\s entrance was through a long, low feet.THE Sri'PER ROOM.This part of tbe arrangement was a great triumph. Thesupper room was especially erected for the occasnu It ts situated ta tbe space of ground between the Aca-our extensive country you must have leea every variety the British boast. This grett ship mat )ne of tbe signsfeelings sad aentunenta, by selecting the most aag- ot natural scenery—our lakes, our rivers, our mountain!, tbat "tbe sword will soon be turned {ji te plough share demy aad tbe Medical College In length itThen, filming here and there,T H K B Atag his visit to the city, and theae wore brought Ml ' * " dfor tbe purpose of conveying the auite to the grand i stelligtnt tatameot at the Academy. The aoevaata wars sttue}v*,B>ttM'ta connectionand the topper room is a passage facing on FourteenthTh'e decorations of the room have bseo described with minite particularity els swhere; but to describe the vmpkhadred wtada. Sines hia day experience baa suggested, ht-ve, that your loraablp has visited. It was fodnded ta be a good naturallet enough to exi>! e* I know theyand led to be adopted, a number of lmprovemeats. These 181T, and has steadily increased from time to time asths are filled with that indispensable hV [o to both man length and twenty-four feet in breadth. This passage ie dail The ball room at Mont-eal was a circle of light for carriages to drive up to the qior. One mathepuplhtofthisinstitutionenjoytothefullestextent. wantsofthecommunitydemanled. Itsobjectts'tore- andtature,withoutwhijbnoamounFi store to the condition of social life three who are deprived could purchase lite, and tbat they a If Ftom the lowest ttagts of comprehension they are con- ol the privileges which we enjoy, and'to impart]Intel chief beauties of the flrmsment. j J>ldandjjw^-ln ute one of thehVMredwitbBtoutscarletolotb,asareotherpartsofthl and beauty, clear andwelldefinsU; thatatToronto batpositiononthetamppostofthebowl,doeducted through the various gradations to thefhighest lectual and moral light to those who sit ta aarknese It It is almost Impossible to give an \ d4 its idea of tbe faihishta for the occasion la 11v« hundred yards, Mid was standpoint diveging lines of bright fUm3 and gotrgon, aad having aa etoratsd petition Asformsofemotktaalexpreasioa. Thedeaf mutesare numbersthreehundredpupils,dividedIntoarteeno!but only two of them can be exhibited on the present pleasure which the Prince and parcordially invited to eater the asylum, aad if their occasion— those who hare been here only four wests, nod lBgentertaummt. After those copaicolta are able and willing to pay for them, well those who have been here seven and eight years read, Mr. Gamage rendered titand fcocti, bat la the absence of such a desirable The Prince rote, and gracefully bowed his acknowledg- or Christ stilling the temp st, whl exeooted in a euatisgfncy, the State pays tbe institution one hundred ments Three boys and three girls from a class which highly artistic manner. 'The Prtaand Arty dollars per actum for the maintenance anl edu- cation of each parson. This amount entitles each so all the pririlegr • of the in it notion. Tbe pupils are instruct- ed la tb^s various branches of education—reading, writing,bad been in tbe Asylum only four weeks wore then brought upon the stage. It was explained that when they came they d l i not know their own names, ooutd neither read nor write; but they had since learned to form let-suite then ascended tbe platform, witraduced them to tbe company. A si wer of bouqaets almost deluged his Royal Bl|haeaa, w to mlled and a? peared partioulariy pleased,' He gav 1 autograph to Mr. Peet, the author the poem, ,to hoaa, togrtberbottding, which, though temporary, w a s constructed io pooh a manner as would nave bentted tbe character of a m >re permanent edifice. The arrangements for ventila ti> n were perfect. In the centre was a tower, rising sothe forty feet from tbe level of tbe street, while two dormer windows were placed at each end. The entire building was graped ta alternate siri(<s of pink and while muslin, With targe mirrors Intervening These wefeKinalwiththeAcademy,aadyoncan formsame ideaof ' tne appearance of tbe bal' room when lighted up.let:Inthehallthatrunsfromthestairoasetothe Twenty third street, said—''That If ahe could cot of the same door as the Prince ahe should aot gv ball at ail. There!" And, of course, the obligingarithmetic, geography, history, moral science and natnral ters with a pea, to diattagnish between tbe written andphilosophy,astroaomy, Frraoh, logic and rhetirto, and printed characters, and had become familiar withaboutBpgllsh ocmposittaB—ia which aome of them exhibit twenty words. They first wrote their names. Mr with Miss Walter, he was personally tpr mted. It wasThe room was completely empty; with the exception ofa few persons, putting the finishing touches to decora police officer, ta toe goodness of his heart, bad Ismeet astonishing proieiency. They are also tastrasted Gamage, one of the leathers, then led them through expected tbat the visit would blf tn the practical part of various industrial employ menti, several exercises, making the signs for "oat," "dog," minutes, but wben that time had exj ample faoilitka for which are furnished ta the institution; "cow," "horse" and "a blue bird"—the names of wkicb pressed his desire to remain longer.so that after a certain term of years they are prepared to they wrote upon their slates. These fine attainment* la so exercises were protracted for near,go out into the world intelligent cltii-ns, and capable of short a time elicited the admiration of all. They were gether with the Duke of Newcastletions which already appeared perfect. Before yju the dear young lady that little pleasure fur fear it i stretched lhe floor, so soon to be lightly pressed by trip ead to serious eonsequenoea.pisg feet. At tbe farther extremity, its pure white re- Maivsjrywited to flfteea the Prince e x:cordtagly the hour. He, to e other memhers of the party repeated that the'ffar beyond their expectations. At $ t bey proceeded fromtbechapel,and,reenteringth% frriagee, drovelieved by tbe crimson proscenium abjvc iU ontranc:, At quarter to nine o'clrck the b'ack carriage of a* • mmT- *•*' twenty four ta number, and made a splendid show. All was* a magnificent tent, which included the entire Fish drove up to tbe door of the hotel, for ths psrai •** *w*_fwl,t this taterest- :ions had been ilrae the scenespeciallydyedlortheoccasion,attheorderofMessrs. gey flags; that at Cincinnati seemed an ordinaryPaton &Co , as there was not a sufficient quantity of that tbcatoe brill'antly lighted and otherwise undecorated ex-coloredclothInthecityfortoepurpose. Twentybrass ceptbyparterresofflowera—combinethosethreerooms,ehandellera, each containing six burners, were »us in wbieh the only grand balls given to tbe Prince before private entrance of the hotel facing en the Fifiasv ponded from tbe roof, making a brilliant display. The'ales a n l bis te President inthis were bold, and add to them beauties which are ori but one j oucg lady, dressed ta pink, who bad kennoon to welcome to our institution Mr. Cyras W. Field, eae of oar honored directors, and lady, accompanied by Mr.Archibald,theBritishConralatthUport AsIhad, no longer aeo than th is morning, read in one of the dailypapers aa account of the efforts of Mr. Archibald and several other Britiah reeidenia in New York to extend to the Prince of Wales a suitable reception on his arrival at tbe great Western metropolis, I was surprised to meet bim, and divined who he was when 1 first taw bis name mentioned As we are asked whether we would be pleased to have tbe Prince visit us, I will simply state that we would be afforded more happinessta beho.ding" Krgland's hope ' than br anvthing else. I hope the influence possessed by oar distinguished visiter will be successfully exerted oa this occasion ta accord- ance with our wishes.Mr. David B. TiUtaghast, another pupil, thus expressed h i s sentiments —We feel Highly flattered by tbe honor which Edward MArchibald,xhq.,tbeBritishConsulinthiscity,has conferred cpon us of visiting an institution to which we, onee thought little better than the brutes, owe so much for the ability to express our pleasure tn seeing him and his wife We are also g'ad to see Mr and Mrs. Cyrus W. Field, to whose interest we are proud t> say that wa have a good claim, Mr. Cyrus W Field asked us whether we w»ah to have the Prince of Wales come here. It is withpleasurethatwesayyes WebopsthatMr.Ar chibald will he pleased te acquiesce in our earnest re- questtobring thePrince here,which hecandoonac- eouat of his connection with the Britiah government.Miss B. Ada Montgomery gave express, on to her feel- tagaenthesubjectInthefollowingbeautiful manner:—It u a ith unfeigned pleasure that we again extend awelcome,asgenialasthesisthtae whichtocay enlivenstheearth,toMr.andMrsCyrusW.Fieldandtheladyand gentleman who aceoatpaay ih«m. Of the latter, w*are informed that one is the English Consul, and althoughWe cannqt greet him with hia national air of "God SavetheQ-ieea* such a weteeme as is ta tbo power of tbe cpon the Prince, but on thelady. Whenshe had finished floral throughout the ball room, remln* »ee, IO tieir the coronation of her Mejttty. The group surrounding their places ia the second tier. Then tha policemen, at as "Ehe did not see tbe fun of staylog there three!Mrmastmi aopteofUTawtf CaVTran. Oncefrombeyondtheazuresea,There came to oa a welcome tone: Men paused amid their strife and toilTolistthevoicefromEngland'athrone.And anon from oat tbe ocean's depths, Where master minds a chain had bound,A strong pulsation shook the land,Aad silence hushed the New World'ssound.How breathlessly men stopped to countThe throbs that came with measured boat,Till one by one with trembling joy Beheld the mystic bond complete.The strange, new thrill aped fast and far, And wtxi* r joy throughout the land,Went forth the greeting England sent, >'We'll evermore go hand ta hand."Oldoceantabiswilddismay,Tbat man from him his power bad won,To part the nations, rent the bond; But England sends us now her son.Right loyally we greet him, too, ,For every heart should bend, I ween,In homage to such worth as tbatWhich sits enshrta'd tn England'* Queen.Andthoughnopurpleshangabove Tbe brave yonng Briton here:Yetretinuesofkindredhaarts Send op to Heaven this cheer —" God sere the Queen—God save the Prince! Andblessingsonthemshower,And strengthen every rightful cause that adda to England's power."votcelras to give w» coat cordially tender. We are a general sentiment of entire satisfaction was distinctly tropical character, of those beautiful 11)procession passed down the street, forcing aLrre 1,1baroftbepeopletotbeoppositeaideoftoeway after tbe procession had passed, the police detera theyshouldnotreorosstheroad.One of the, byi Under* seemed to be very asxinknowIOW whether the horses i t tha ex-Governor's cane Academy of MUSKS, on Friday next, at six o'clock ?• " tbe rep >rter«Bra—Cn application to Mr. Palmer, ^willbeshownallthearraxgementsbit Very respectfully, M. B. PIn accordance with this arraagemsj tended, and the foilwing Is the result ov as far as tbe HEBALD is concerned:—Outside there are scarcely any sfi tbe eye. In Fourteenth street there' some one hundred and fifty-four feet in5 feet In breadth, which encroaclies on extent of some six or seven feet, j British and- American flag hereaud. no8pecialdecorations.TheHKRALD is specially Indebted to Mr. Jonas Elisabetb street, for the Information this snbjeot. To him, and not to Mr Palmer, must be attributed the Hxnaxn reporters ta what Is to follow.]TBIBALLBOOM. This matniflcent apartment comprise the Academy, and embraces tbe stage.ballopens. Wales.AmongthemwasthecelebratedBlackPrince,whoSecretary. displayed his bravery on the bloody fields of Polotefsreporters at- and Cressy, and entered London witb two kings as hja Jibe brilliant and magnificent room to softer aad morelast Bight, one hundred andlength by sixtyeight feet hi.'attowards the stage is arranged tn a Iwhite towards theother end are\>\tooncbes. TbecentraloneisforthePr]those on either side are for hia suite/general Idea original y agreed on, 'tb4|*!foratioas *rewas designed and executed b y Mr. H.central figure represents Peace. Onradish*, John Wilkes:—Zocfazlaytag,I^rd,vromnoontontaht The ooeks aad bene ta soch a fright; ''rwa*alldovoar,devour.The pigs end poultry, ducks and geese,Aad turKeys wortu a croan apiece, Cried murder every hour.should..is and brilliant complexion*, from Jewess irts-hueo and rivalling ta brightness the eyes which flashed abovethem.Toefulldressblackaoatsabsorbedtheaa-To.makethepeoplelook:aboutbeforetime,tbiboyiw^ perUuous light aad softened the blase of the taonaand raise the cry of "fire,' he., aad tf say one lookeH lamis. The rich military uniforms, ornamented with awindowtheyweretatmedtotete greetedwith ah« gciiiL-ii lae •:• and epaulettes, relieved the uniformity or the shout One man epefce out l«de»<mgh for all y> »gentlenwri s toilettes. Tbe throtg Beemed to diminish "There Isa lotofartnecratt here wasting their tiaw«Untitled Documentireiireeentchotrs. The, .!. i.inn wuiti•.•»• i", •.i,ii..M'l'«iiJlj>!PPPW^Itagtbetent,oppositethe stage,where thegasjetswere smplyimpossible toall the good thing*BODEPABTTJBE OF iTI* PKaTC!>10|H 0P U T H AVEfiTcaTThe esctteaaent around the hotel we*' T *Tspecial purpose. In this part of the decorations c m It he considered profane to recall those magnidcoent linesroportehatme.as fabulous prices were paid for some of tbe^apnes on the Prince's tahlo aa for the celebratedTHB MAIN BNTRAXCBWsa in Irvltg place, and realty is aot worth a line ofMince God is light,Before the ton——To describe it all in fall is simply Impossible. Among . THE LIGHTING UP OP THE ACAMMT. tlemaa,who had a yonng lady withhim, antiSeveral photographers were, on hand during tru d a y ,but they bad very uttta to do tn the way of outside do-1 op for tresscn and ts examples of the effects of evil location, The stoops of the houses ontel door In close file, two b y two,beadei byptne building, overarching on the sidewalk for several rather making the darkness visible than lighting up the BAgen and Matthews, and when tbe foremost lirabuilding, same as the ball and s lpper rooms. The dote Was in tbe form of a cross, presenting from anytbe pavpese of being doable posted, viz :—with wafvaryfogs give t o Me landscape.room, a few gas jets biased. Still the confusioa, still the the curbstone, they laced right and left,along the sapper room were two tables, from top to bat stage, and beneath which Were the solas for the takicgup tbe Prince te the ban. The "darkey"torn, at which the assembled party took supper atfa Prince and his suite. Towards th* other ex. certainly seemed proud, but the footman, saw ar** as hutslate period of the evening. They were brilliantall the appointments of geld, silver and china ware,the upper eadwasthePriuce'stable,raisedonadel•eaii circular ta form, at which the guest of the evane bis immediate suite were placed. Back of the tawere three magnificent mirrors, reflecting and fUshithe iights in a be*utiful manner. The centre glass int'fiutar was very lofty and magnificent. Theflooring<>f the floor, aad to the beds and pots of Cowers, gleamingbad a very pleasing effect. AM around the room ware rising with gilt pilasters, again attracted the gene down- wards, and pointed out the rich frescoes which ornament-i arrytm* m obeyed oped thatAs the police found a little difficulty ta keepiar, oltoe will crowd from'the hotel atde of Twenty third street,felt somewhat pleased wben a long political tore* rees,comiand a splendid heuquet on a centre table, furnlahed by Mr. Buchanan. Another large bouquet, by the t,an.egeut.emnn,wasinacorneroftheroom. Infactso 1. g&lf JXrlujied waethiH room that it was a complete. ' '•Wilderaesa of sweets."drvs*.;og rooms reserved for the Prince and suite, or intothe long Slipper room, witb its twrn raoge* of tablewbaaed with the chef d'teuvres or Delmouico—miracles ofOne, two, three, Ailu OUt gO<» S h e .high) flamea/sbedding their pure, pale light from a height could he have seen hi JI If the Prince did not, to* nosto apparently Immeasurable Tier after tier, relieved by Ite did, and made their remarks accordingiy, Suchm" •5wty, crimson seats and ornamented by figures ta plaster aad be worth a thousand dollars mete la Sarannafa of tbceilingamcculminatedtaabrilliantsemicircleofstarlike intervalofwaiting,thatwouldhavesuprlsedtasobservationsia tbe vict 0 way of dor* up ta all the panoply of the Middle Ages; but ft must room, and, like tree pictures, leads you out of yourself near them. One man had a tot of thesallra thrown e f !•d twenty not be forgotten tbat the guest, In whose honor all thane tato the scene which it depicts. The cvupd'ani! Myri- at his coat, wbieh he did not seem to relish st all,dewalk to the eleubrations were gotten up, Is himself a representative af ads of lights, bewildering, siperb I A vast expanse expressed himself, when one of the bystanders sugg houaaid tbis.j^d a revedutiouary ideas, by the very fact of his being Prince of dancing floor, desert like In Ite color and t Irving P that " h e shou.d n o t mind hhi coat being spoiled A;there were •f Wales. All around this entrance were bung up Settle extent! A frame of tiers, brilliantly light- foam from the mouth of the Pruicee h0fJtas police, tor,howerer,ates,spearB,ehietdsaadotherimplementssuggestiveof ed,richtacrimson,goldandwhiteIBxteof "Prince'sorPresident'sheroeshedidcotties to strikemocrsc), to witness inch things at knights aad prtaoai,seem rather a continuation than a decoration of thebitts" caused them to throw toe. foam over everyof No. 34 ie to give on tend or Mr. given to theUe age of the Crusaders, In which the Prince's ancestors figured conspicuously.THB PRINCE'* OWN ROOM.The Green Room was specially fitted up for the Prince.Ou entering tbe eye was struck by a magnificent Otlflowers, the finest and richest of decorations, the flower* which nature has exhausted herself ta make more ex quisite. This hi tbe amp d'avl—light, flowers, color.THB BALL BOOM FILLING.Gradually the Academy gained the only additional at-tractionwhichItneeded—theattractionofalarge,richlyabout, b u tclothes damagad by either." Several ladies wk) located near tbe horse's beads were afraid thtt would Bland a cbar.ee of being run over if they id move away from there." Bat a very gallant younf saidb«would"riskhisownlifetosavetheirs,sspsl a as the dagger was from the carriage occupied by s Bve feet ta If : eno :— Theeotblackcoatsandsuperbdresses.AtfirsttheAW,thenthe At first the A W ;ameanway;butifshefoildownwith himatths and so got injured, she wcuid like tbat much W 8he lien induupd whether the Prince was going s ball ta an open raniag*, *nd when she found to not, ebe very quickly charged her quarters for aular ronr three saperti 5u r HSKGV an won BOAST, ASD SHAMI OCR OKLYMARprisoners, namely: tbe King of Franco aad ths King ef |ranqull scenes. Calyo has not painted a " scene," but a Scotland. It was a strange thing, in that temple of d e picture, so exquisite the perspective that the arborswere the property of the Princeor cot. They were i •*7»FemW handsome horses, and tha manner they "champed | beVfi Mifj , ipaintingwtbeQueen,belongingtotheSt.George'sSocety, parquetteof J ^ „ n was specially lent for the occasion. A t tbedreetedcrowd. Athah*pastseveno'clockthefirstoftheof four, Ave and six, and at last in a coaM°Beus stream o not wish to have her arm broken in A is honor tolfX ntC,as arranged bottom of this great triumph of art was the following compan; began to arrive, at first singly, then ta groups of England.1" "English or Dutch," she said, "aw%pkrquette, tbe dress circle, tbe upper tiers, the lobbied thedressingroons,werecompletelyfilledThefirst Arrivals were the gentlemen of the Committee of Arrange-very rapidly, and located thexatlvca ia every <veryquietthepotiondidnotdisturbhimuiaba toagwer meet. One of the pottee aira&gensenU was, that• eertaamth privatecarriage*should takeapthtiroccnpe&ui**•Ha, ha! Asthecrowdwouldpressenthelimits,thagpoiteehto*.Oeoi"Take your hands eff of see, yon nasty feil»w, www.fultonhistory.com 