 '». /9p^^i>i&'gM iTtmes. KKVr-TDBK, THCB8DAT, Wf7. 1, 18M. TBB MBW-TOBK TllaU.beendivertedfromtheir lirgltltiuNetflfer party i^peued to «^ mmomBj-pow.dsMlirftonanddequrirUtrtMlIHth»M«I</udoCvif^?|a.;H«riMimaae jOuj mnat be leas thanMyraHlihed in O^ foot MUtlag, toaUac the CityChicago,noblyrequirementsTuesdayB*UF»A,OBFkrk-row,SpnM*tadKamaita."^iMobt,and lire MMwill,theiefora,hailbyKansasin'66,nowagainoutdoeaherself bottomofthepresentnisittaoagMnent. There fill-forthetender-hearts to JudgehtmaniafaA^nmla9T*tlmTunOmt,miYtit tat Cmm >w«A« amlM Biz Douui syMr.TIM mw-Tos^ niBa (fltai-WMfeir)—thui ^'^even a hope that theseand thatLiUH*ti tw« eopleita ob« iMiMi ftrsix and two-thirds millionbrothers beyond the Missouri3Wlkpll««aaila B*(^a« Mteomrtiualiaii. ' •am KftV-TOBX TDUa (Weakly)—Tiro D*"*?*yesterday's general weekly markets, beef cattle, owing to the over-political dem- Faaalae ia Kansas.tiiw>li Tuia DoiuaiywT^tejffr^magritmtOiuBoWriu kucofV'n'f^^'*CtosfMwaot tk» yjw-T fM !>!«•nee," in the, following myatoriona words: "Covibb was oaee ahvwn fi»r aerating a dic-arent, though not the real istoreste of theslaveholdfaig oWbaes wnrayed <m the aide oftmm^ tgwJkdwaUers on the Plains thatCotombia tnd theflie tialtoions thoaght of»peeiallWsiatetfmw SOWXBT THXATBB—itOSIKum—BAon.fleeing;leave (n Uis .RiBKUlPS MTTSSUII—Day and STening—Siakisi TWIBt-tWBAI Is II t—J09XPH AHD HIS BUTHSXS.that two Spaniards who werefor those left behind, only the saddest prospecteare before them. The bold freemen who butfour ago cowed the red-shirted ruffians yearsof the border, now quail before a thin spectreseverely Itaataii bythsBOOUrrli c'aiiPBKI.L'S, Kudo's Saloon—EiaiopiASjournal which ostentetiously arrogates andeverywhere asserts that character, while at the earth, and no traitor would dare to lift Iiis deserted the same evening.CANAIrSTKKKT—No. ses—VTHmooK's Fail Qauibt ar On PAareaaa.MKWS OF THE DAY.—story these Spaniards being invariablyround whose lean haunches is buckled no the bowie-knife or revolver, but against whomsame time refusing to support many regular Republican nominees for Assembly all over theparicidal hand against the land of his birth.field,Government lias now ten thousand troops under arms*The edBace. Theauthorityforthereportthat the Rus- sian aad Prussian Ambassadors at Turin had pro-the invasion of Neapolitan territory by Sardinia, ia the official journal published at Hunich. King Yictob EllJbnilt had issued asentedasalmostdelugedwithmilkandhoney, is to be traced to the all but entire absence of rain for neariy a whole year, over ito eastern section. The seed-time, summer and harvestindiscreetlyon the same grounds ? Nothing is more dan-low him to make a declaration in favor of the Union, in the event of Lutcoln's election, if he were inclined to do so. He tells us thatRevolutionists, and fear Hssbab'* Undaeasof bent. The report gohig the nmods of the Press that Mmj, Gzo. H. TaoKA^had been defeated by the tn,n.n. doestestedagdmt(pMStionaan eacLshall remain inthe Union after theirfm Douau.CM y FITB "^ nearlyV bo have had war thrust them forbid upon by the thatwterittn. amg ncmn an «>tr« confir Urnfel/, or nta» Souuriindgs)a single weekl Attheirshould perish from hunger. And New-Tork, too, which now sends ships laden with gifts and beneficence to her suflbring feUow-Ghrist- ians in theX>rient, can not be neglectful of her own children in the Far WeatSave Va flront Oar Frieals.Who ia for the Vnion 1The friends of the Union in the South areiMr jMTMn^Mtf i«iB «e>u(aselfish and agbguaa.reckless ambition of•»oM TnofcHew-xorK i,»j. Ar OalUhrala.philosophical neighbora of the Tribuneonreordialrespect. Theyfightevery,Sandwichad eaMdaaka oomplate X>1«mC o( AiaBtloan 9*Mn* (Bl Kraati la %rap« dnibig the past ten day*, wUl befor the and acorn theUnion andOoa-r sil tlitiIf. Tni MaU doees at aiaF6st'4)IBae at'out theparalleled drouih has destroyed all the jktafB, and now Winter and Famine stare the hapless pioneers in the face. Already it is announced that a great part of the areof' the paper, in a stout wrapper, MMiia their ortan as aaily at poeslbte.greater partof theTerritoryan un-AMaaaaaata tMa BTenlac. IBUra eABDKI—DauHlAJiT.population fleeing or have already fled from their famine-smitten cabins, their parched fields and withered crops. For a hundred and fifty miles west of the Missouri every highway is crowded with filled with men, women and children,cause of Union at the South, and a direct en-and Gen. ' MoaqcxsA was about eapttolatiiic, after mLAUBA KBKNB'B TBXATBX—Fbtsio ass Fasst— Ta> BaaoAB's OriKA.ment,journal responsiblewarmth in supporting a particular candidateWmiB OAKDCN—HinrVtO. wtT.T.affira tBXATBB—Flatom wim Fixi.the capacities of captain and mate.man were in- the cause ofofJudge inanaddressmade Cityneglectingsions, appeared in Court personally to supportcling SouthernpoCGLAS,allegationsin that city a short time-ago, charging Mr. Blair,ofhonest masses who have been misled and de- luded by false professions of patriotism and principle, will, now that the disguise has beendone, though the' greatest excitement prevailed throughout the city for a time.The Bepublicans of Queens County held a large—ing, has, uponthecontrary,but served todid not owe the Bank any money, which was doubtless as true as the statement now made by him that he has no residence in this City. But on the other hand, the reports of the Clearing-house Committee proved clearly that paper of his to a very large amount had beenand tids lenda- interest to the inquiry as to the precise periodat which this Wcstehestrian candidate up his residence in our City.It is a fact notorious and beyond contro- versy, that the Committee of the Clearing- house found the affairs of the Artisans' Bank in a deplorable and disgraceful condition.sums ofabout the time of the present Chamberlain's appointment, for which the authorities of the Bank either could not or would not account. They found suspicion attaching to nearly all the larger operations of that enterprise, andandSlavery propagandism.stocks.Another leading stock and banking house is also re-Fi" Dot-supply,veryrates'; flrooo»l<»L4M. :.*wfCTWiii«»«iaU«iu<MaCia<»<ir7>" **^ 8c.®8ic. per pound for the estimeted dressedin hand the candidate to defeat BaBOKUBiDeB,of the Disnnionists. We confess that thestand taken by the supporters of Bmll andsabovea tew of the best, but not many, brought Territory of Kansak^ present just now theIslaadB,»tt>yew^ ''''*saw*w*^^W'*s4w« OptriC -kaoad Tna'tnnndaT) MobHss, In anqile tlma StatM, Judge Vmaam pneiding, snd ^>pa-Stece the 3S(f or'^ni^Matbw'had'hesn rnea^ edattbe State DspaCtosat ftpSoi Sagolin the District-Attorney's lews. The Brie, it will be remembered, was boarded by an American war-steamer on the itrntf tat aillaci 8 eenti a-eopr. Agents wlK Coast of Africa, and on raising^the hatches nine hundred unhappy negroes were found stowed away in her hold. A oleaxei case could' not well be conceiTed by the common mind, both prisoners being on board of her at the time of capture, and apparently serving inWhat Northern in view offought battle on Soutliera soil, for the Union,would not feel degraded and dishonored by thesuspicion that he would take toe side of the oOdal dates are up to the ItUi Hsftaafcer. Ctaa. . Disunioniste ? Yet every vote cast in the Jons repocU the Oovemment trinnqthaat e>«iy- Free Stetes for Bbeoeisbidoe, is a stab at the where. The rebel State of Santaoder liadsabBllM^,~tar <ha .alaamiw -inal, wUoh aaHs fcr 4<l>ln* muOf acquiescing'«{ Through-this hard- week, when iSapalelies srHved -fittm Oe&' Communication liad Iwea cut off at Magdalana Wvar by the revohitionlsls. Everything i* now quiet, aadmitat n KA. If^ Maait was that asked Cuvna to do the " aerating" in the case, nor is the dictionary named in witich appeared the definition making ttiis"scrating" necessary.But we do manage to gather from the inco-herent drift of the broken and divided argu-lliii shmiiMi lor President, the impression seemed topiavailtliatGen.Hxbbajtwassuccessful.The wiMtlwi at Havana, during the stay of the from before us.Kantak, was remariubly cool and pleasant, thoughfor a week previons there had been much rain. A Judge BoosxvELT mnstbe regarded as speak-trl«h war-steamer entered the harbor on theproved and couraged, plowed their soil over again, andthe black adherents rally arise in Westchester County, as to when of the Breckinridge faction have done lit- the candidate for Assembly in its Third Dis- tle else toan prate about saving the Union forffylid, having a schooner in tow filled with Africans—ingdent'sthe official representative of his views upontreason. Theraises' NorthemprohablyUte same vessel as reported by the Star the Wat.ties,placetrict;years,rqiatajlaamass meeting last evening at Flushing, for the pur- loathing and repugnance with which thisodious traffic is regarded by every intelligentQualityMercy Strained.Russell's draw poited to have suspended payment from aslmUvof the nomination of L. C. Castes ratifyingpowerneiar their unlamented close, the soul of thatcause.Rumors are also rife about other stock operatorsposefbr Congress, at which there were present Wide-that the samelast evening in Jackson square, where the nomina-tion of AnovBTtrs P. Dow, for Congress, was rati-fied by an immense concourse of people. The spire its accomplishment. As to the sugges-ingmmthe inducement of Wide-AwakesoftheSeventhDistrict,marshaled tionthattheCaptainandmateoftheErie,Gbd. J. H. HOBABT Ward, paraded the streets and nude an imposing display. Speeches werebymadeDutohxb, Jas. Faisham, A. J. Dittemboefeb, SOLOHOa L. HOLL, and others.dealt evidence with, givebyBihab Allxs, Dr. M. E. For, S. B.might, if lenientlyagainst their employers, long experience has only too clearly proved that all such promises are illusory. Besides, in tliis case, the coun- sel for the prisoners gave notice that he wouldgeneralhold of his mind—the of recipienteall voters of theThe failureof Ltx Joslah& Go. is a bad one.A large mass meeting of Germans favorable tothe Union ticket was held at the Cooper Institute,last evaning, and was addressed by Messrs. Otto8AOKiBsoorFiB,OswaldOtte2ii>oi7kb,Lkopold ablythemenwouldbegladto avoid trial for BimaBOlB,andothers. Mr.Wm.A.Kobbe,oneof tlie electors on the Union ticket,reaolntion was adopted pledging the German popu-lation in favor of the Fusion electoral ticket,A meeting of the friends of JonH DciTY, one ofright political stripe "andholdingrankamongstpupils, and 40 last evening taceived the honors and premiums of the Oraduating Class.of Executiveman who chanced to be passing and saw theparties struggling together in goiy throes, promptly arrested both and carried them off to the Eighth Ward Stetion-house.WUMa of Urge quantitychargedofexpenditures for all purposes were tl,m4iO Itav> St,torged was in notes of the denomination ten papervery willingcertain particulars, deeming tbem of interest, justastheyreachedus andhaditnotbeen" " longer be a member of the classesIfod ment of a personal wrong. The etiquette of Slavespresided,From Shawnee County, Rev. C. C. HcTCHiNSON writes that there all hope has fled, the people are leaving by thousands, and that of those who cannot leave, many, unlesstheir du- speedily helped, will starve. In Breckinridge to find the President County, the Committee report that the comCongressin theportedsimplefew words as possiblestoryaltered bank bills, repre-of affairs there, is easilyenoughaccotmtedetiquettesporting-lifeforbidcomplaint onof d<dlaTs, purporting to be the issue of variousgaverulingif he allowed justice to interfere for the settle-various items of taxation FTvpertj Bttbj«fit to TusSom.Southern and Western banks.Thecharge of assault and battery against Mar-chosen a better ""»«"''VatetlalMa Vs^telsaa.•14Mff.aW«Ml,r84^11 I^WJil JMjIlljCS2.tlMIi a*J»,41* 9e4M,T01 10r,SlS^ IMSMST IS^TTJiashalBtTBBkM, preferredby William Barney, Jr.,byJudgeten or fifteen miles width, bordering on thehis caste demands private vengeance, eitherCityandtownproperty Money and solvent debts *>«"=handise..Shlmilng and tannage Stoels, mannltetures, feeTlt^ rIS w "»*e»tigated yesterday afternoon, before Justice Wblsh, but in of theMissouri for about seventy miles, has beenelsewhere of consequenceWm. Cobtib Notes,Ml,m 9tt,Me 4,«18,»2 «,0S4,»1 employing be in the vicinity when the predestined ren- Househldandkltch'nfiinitt'e. »,889,»sr I,STMMeotaguanil?5l'"'!5^.M^?" complainant, the matter was poMponed until the Thursday foUowing electionhave been raised. But west-important intelligence from ward of that belt, as far as Fort Riley, and an advocate at once so intemperate and weak,anyinoffensive citizens whomay happen toAtChambers of the Supreme Court, before Jus- tice LaOHABD, the argument in the Seventh Ave-proved an entire failure. .and soin __unfortunateNumber oF polls made Number of professionsnneBaOroad case was .contfauedhalf of «B defendants, by Mr. O'Conob. MrXTAsn will raeak on the same side At soon be compeUed to*"• •ctivity was. apparentbition. Forin Koqr, Wheat Granada have been kept in a fever of ex and scantier;!lM^ im"Ttfitt«M Com. waeat werethein this particularDepartmentyesterday, on be-and atheir lives!"Let us have done with this farce of pretend-obtainingThe Banking House of Afpijtcb k Co. has aise re- positively suspended. The excitement still eontia-48eTeaeeU«faflelassesfaport.ThaLive Stock maiketa are ore* supplied theprSSrtw^^ '^^J^^^^J^longer oontlnned, the woold fidi a cotintiyimityofthekiiowa pMteijtMrelieved ftom tb» ktenbna of party spirit, vhemisomidiiMf t^hpljF^^ delicnte systems should take lO^ ni WWdissUe them from service at the hnr hjljatMendsof ITew-OranadaTke inW-T0B|tTafK8 (Stlly) is »aUi«h«d arsry ^S. SoTm. This is eqaivalent to abont 4,074,- with satisftotton any intelligenee which givesMlves.'14,8e7•'"^ed veal, 743)850 poundahoga SOO pounds of dressed lieet; 81,M0 pounds ofdiesa-of dreased and mqttoiiiof dressed or a total of pork,of dressed meat pountdos (t6h,i6sS0,ISO brought OUy.thein generosity and overflowing granariesof Mitmesote and Indiana and and Iowa, thegenerous liearto of Weatera men, will surelyretist ; ceDs, wen6keep maatbt, ttear discharged toesawithnoeAerpeaaBrtbaa a visit of ceremony at Jefllnon Minti^ ysWter-1 718,800 poundsaadday morning. At latest eeoants.Bawe g» to press this morning, neither tf Ote distfiMCtAsold at Goodbullockswentatdoes not with agreewhat was thelow—the lowest thisforgetthig pastdiffbrencee, and joining handftr froming Us admitted subtlety to proving their guilt of the full offence, punishable as piracy, seems to have executed aJl his iagenuity in the taskButtheprosecuting oflicer,apply-who hasbeen nominatedby theRepublicanupon the effect would beofon deck had assumed the real command of the ^vessel from the moment that the slaves were placed on board. This is the old, oldsuggestingAntloqulratroops,underEsaoaiMPosaba. Hasqra-him,of making statements so broadly guaranteeingIn 8t Louis, on Tuesday, Hon. P. P. Blaib, whohas just returned home from a tour in the EasternStates, made a speech before a large audience, in almost absolute impunity to this crime in a There are many American men and women which he took occasion to make a rejoinder to theitwith much reluctance,"— surelyfront of the Slave-trade ?"policythefire-eaters;but theafforded them. There is no money reference to him. On Tuesday night the Douglas that the period of forty years, to which he among the settlers of the western and south-and Breckinridge men had large separate proces- ern counties.sions, and a collision occurred between them, in contemptuously alludes as having made pub-which, however, no great amount of damage was lic horror of the Slave-trade, an obsolete feel- borrow has been absorbed in paying for theirDAunPLS,by implication,with making false statements inWetell the United States District-Attorneyspeedilyhis own and his appointment, attracted, byintensify and establish on broader grounds theThe As thehavingfiftycents to in-gavecharge of steading sixpence, he now delightegive no promise for his cliente,"though prob-ing to punish persons engaged in the Slave- trade, if the officers charged with and paid for the execution of the laws can make no betterit was their opinion, clearly expressed, arousedthat the directing managers of the con- cern had been improperly using ita fundsposes."Judgewill be foundnewly- brieflythe Democratic candidates forFifth Congressional District, was held last even-ing, at the comer of Grand-street and East Broad- semblance of a desire toway. It was well attended, and was addressed by ties. It is a newMr. DvFrr himself, in his character ol the repre-sentative of the working-man's and mechanic's of the United Stetes avowing through one of raised will not averageclemencyin another column. Theis a ues, and stocks are much depressed. W.acre, and that one-half of the population will need the sen- assistance during the coming Winter. The law to be carried out on a Mayor of Lawrence has issued a public stete- ment, in which he says that there willbe gen- The Slave-trade is not, unhappily, a plant of eral deprivation and much individual suffer- Englidi branches. The School numbers 150 such weak growth in our midst that it requires ing, if not starvation, throughout the Territory, to be watered in advance with these tear- unless it is obviated by the noble efforte now Rather Is it a being made to extend relief. And such re- porte as these are now pouring upon us froming a pugilist and sporting man, who has longrighu. his confidential officers that he wouldrefuse,and in reference to whomit hasthePiTiasoa TavsATT, Comptrollerof the State.The tlTth Anniversary of the School connected " even tofairly not one managersoftheBankatthat or that his nomination to the Receiver-anotherman of less note in Broad-withtheBefoimedDutchChujchwaslastpermitThe cash balance in the Treasury is.. Pbjiictundrawnappropriations ,^M OS•"•''• 7*evening tence held at thaehmch in West Twenty-third-street,waj,which bled frightfully."revolver$274,810 811,r»Tsnd the occasim was hi^y interesting and cred- itabto to all concerned. The exercises consisted of singink, declamations imd examinations in theconvicted criminal.timeshipon the part of the Directory of the broken institution to secure a friendly investigation ?In conclusion we may say that the para- graph which has given rise to the Tribune's vrrath appeared in our columns as a political newsitem,andhadnoothercharacter. Ifto name the Democratic candidate and his chiefeye. Some accounts sajf' that this cut was made with the butt-end of a,.::upon conviction," prescribed bythese remarks from of the activewassporting" irflictinc a wpund over his leftHis report is for the year ending Oct 20, 18M.dropsspreading orousarms, unyielding dischargeimpunity crime,In Georgia In ISK and UtO-prices scarcelyyear.mand,lastweek'smodsnteprlceear6maintained. Peak)cometonsweeklymen has vet diot orclemency.poisonona weed, requiring vig-Two named brothers,prison yesterday by i^u^a^AOtlsmnB, pending the result of an examination into a charge of forgery which hasbeeji biDugkt sgainst them. In the house occu- of our law-officera P«.'>r,tfie accused. No. 41 King-street, wasIf—of to this he could not have tion that are not in want as Wyandot, Leav-enworth, Atehison, Ac. A narrow of stripbelongs to the State, and which paid into theas net earnings In ISM $420,000, and In ISBO $4M,MSlBOBmg, were c<nnmitted toandthemost almosteverysectionofKansas.on theAkdbiw and Saxcilandunflinching industryTreasuryofevery dutypart repressioiL Mr. Bdohahav desired to signalize the lastwith itsse^g a sum exceeding $4,000. Host of the days of his unhappy term by giving assurance for. There are counties in the eastern sec- aretlianthedaclanttions Rooskvilt.;fortheTribune'srealorsimulatedzealinbe-half of this particular Republican nominee, that gentleman would have fared much betterobject«fe^»^eMfc^^^tetti.r>a>li^mmamwkweightas high as 9c. Milch cows SI poorer gndes areabundant, and sell low. Superior animals sell atfair rates. Teals are abundant mad lower. of prospect. The letters and newspapers;SheepIBS niiSr^cAuroBHiA •""'^!L*^^ and Iambs ate in with a free de- fromDotiOLASinthe States,commands NEWSFBOHTlffiRiTIOiriLCini^ slaveholdingofPoKishineat f«r tke Slave-tnrie to ke nuggets, rich "leads" and rapid fortaaes;AlN>Ilake«i those from Lynn, Lyidns, Shawnee and other We wouM caU attantlon to tiie report of Ootiatiesare filled with tales a^pwetty, ofceiti4n opinions deUvered yeatordajr bj the United Statoi District-Attorney, an the indict- Qient of' the capt&in wid mate of the slaver Erie, in. the Oinnlit Oottxt of the United'the stoniest courage avails not in the fight. alleged Captains, whenever the real Captains' The cause of this want and suffering in aneck is in danger, bifl relapsing into the char-garding them as not worthy of personal or po-Territory whose soil is naturally rich and fer- be made to hold tile above that of any other portion of the advices already briefly telegraphed from Cape them responsible in their assumed capacity. Union, and which has heretofore been repre-The steamship Fuiton, from Southampton on the nth ult., arrived at this port last evening withboundBut this is not the extraordinary or stertlingpartofJjidgeBooaivsLT'sopinion. Wehaveso been accustomed to see all laws in re- longlation to the African Slave-trade set at defianceWhat if we should turn roundwas that Gen. n«»»'"innocent for Havana, if any attemptacter ofpassengers,litical trust.on it in the case under notice, and say that we refuse to support the particular nominee for whose success it is so anxiouswould be eleet- President, the only opposition to Idm bai^^ dicteted bis nomination, and they will not al- among those wlio deatre the severe puddunent of thepirate's doom—^dareperfisctlyimpressionto {fas of Italy from Ancona, in our Courts, that no new plea in favor of re- of 1860 passed away without moisture peopleand maintain as our own views, all the distorted suggestions whieh it attributes to an item of political news published in our issue of last Wednesday.We steted thai a particular gentleman had resided in Madison-avenue, and the DirectoryWe stated that residence in the Third As- sembly District of Westehester bad been freelyprodaiaationin which Ite vktaally aasomes the position of King leasing any parties guilty of the crime, without enon^ to give even a trace of life to wheat,editorially,andRoler of Italy. Count Cayouk had delivereda most important speech in tiie Sardinian Cliam-hnraii tha kMUnrtitpirn of the day. The diifer-aoceswithGaBiBii.lwandtheSomanandTene- theviewexpressedbyJudgeBoosivilt,that tiaawere the subjects enlarged upon. Official dispatches received in Wadilngton from Geo. Jom, our Minister at Bogota^ sender it prob- able that the " revohitioai" in New-Granada is at He reports the Government forces tri- ooMfeSBt at all points. The State of Santander ^dsobrakted, and HoSQuaRA himself, it is stated, wasaboutcapitolatinz. Inregardtotheresultofpublic opinion, both at the North and South, has ceased to regard this crime aa deserving aThe friends of Liacour ask not that thecan excite a throb of wonder orhissucceeds. Canpunishment,arouse the least feeling of incredulity-anyin his fdrther statement that, even in case of conviction of the iiill of-ofbutfence, the President wouldprobably pardon^we confess to athe guilty man or men— shockand and sohunger thirst; utteriyplainlywhether the President considers that a";possiUyBut inpleifelyof not pleasant surprise, a stunning of all themoralsenses,andaconfusionofideas,such gionsofcountry,eventhegrasshoppersand—in-n* atoainahip £amai:, from Havana on the 25th,and ttassan, N. r., on the 27th, arrived at this portlast Bi|^. Sie brings^ no news of importance. long-venerated belief is swept suddenly away prairies are commonly vocal, were completelyas must result whenever a deeply-rooted andall other forms of insect life with which the annihilated. Crops of every kind, too, suf-i!'- *-as if Death were in the rear••"- while,This singleWhBiMiy a everyprobaUBtythat,ifOteeontettweremuch tothehowlofthehoagiyoayote.very nn».Hprey to a worse anarohy than that which has cursedTeams laden with provtaloaa, we rejoiee to say, are already wending their vray towardsat tbe'Uspeetor mhv betheneighboring BepubUc of Mexico. Thethe settlements.wliioh stood soof vAieh are donbtleaa at the nextr These ideass« were tnnfliniiwagonsSA returned to amid Bogotacheers andoongiata-hearte andwhich he admite to be " the head and now in Kansas, who must this Winter perishand humane mind. Weand other places. Hon. G. A. Grow, of Pennsyl- at as being, in the President's mind, sufficient, coming month of December, the whole of held by the Artisans' Bank only a very fewAwakedelegations in large numbers from Brook- lyn, Williamsburgh, Astoria, Jamaica, Whitestonetell him that the punishment which he seems covertly to hintby tele.graphvania, Kx-Gov. Kuie, D. P. Jiild and Ur. Bel- lows made addresses.the tract known as the "New-York Indian Lands," on which the hapless settlers have hardly raised com enough this season to keep them from starvation until the period when their little farms will be sold over their heads.Committees are being organized in almostevery county, and are sending out agtents to obtain assistance. A committee of mostrespectable citizens of Douglas County was appointed recently, and in their appeal they stete that the combined effecte of want andactive. Theand the Unionists have separate processions to-mor-rownight,whendisturbancesareapprehended. TUs will be the first Republican pixMjesslon in Baltimore. The Democrats will have their grand processioa aa Friday night Intense excitement prevails.Baltihou, Wednesday, Oct 31—P. K.would not suffice to restrain the most con- Anotl)pr Republican demonstration took place temptible petty larcenist from any offenceweeksbefore its bankruptcy"to State Prison forPoliticians areunusuallyRepubUeaasmadeThe Civil War ik NEW-GBAKAnA.—We ob- blessed with occasional showers, and theretain, through our Washington correspondent some late andNew-Granada. It U affirmedconflicto between the belUgerent parUes, theGovernmentthat,cropsTotal$S09,M»,»» $S72,2«a.44rtroops have been successful, and revoluUonary chief, Mosquera, would thecomplaintevilspeace may be restored to a peopleThe eastern and westernextremities of the0thMwl8ekffiedtIi»«dMr.,most remarkabledivergencies of condition and large supply, but Arrapahoe County (in which is Pike'sOur commence,inyesterday'siasue,anartksleevi-imder disadvantageof position,^Iththe pateonageof the Federal aad State GovemmentaOflcial Dispatehsi frem V^.firaiiada— ^Live nogs are in fair supply, and prices drooping.freightedaa a severe retbuke to thistheKerthflset/l TiflslfcBf'/eitiag hitefligehoethem, and with all the pesstons, md thecom, or potetoes. All the streams were com-dry, and many even of the larger rivers were either entirdy dried up or coursed in narrow threads through great l>eds of sand. The glorious prairies, wlioae rich luxuri- ance of vegetation has made them theand plenty, were de- " nuded of every green thing. Cattle per-Northern Tndtans on the Mnniing of tlu astti of «in,gnat. ^k1their rapid Sight on fresh borses. one Indlaa Onlydared to remain aad guard tee abandnaad stock, bat he succeeded in wounding Maj. VmoiuM sal aevaid men with an«ws Iwfore lie vras kiUad. The ottslal reportooatinues': "Itatfoidamepleasuretobeableofsymbols prosperity— —goodand could we tiaveparty, over-ished ofparched was the soil, that over extensive re-represent. Wearesurethesedoubtewillbeshared by many of the candidate's acquaint-ancesinthisCity,theimpressionnotyethav- tionalduties. TheSouthernoppositioning got fully abroad that our conununity has cluding the friends of Bell and of Docolas— Capt Jobs Wiibibs, Assistant Adjutant- Oensfsl, suffered the permanent loss of such a citizen. demand ttiis, as well as the Republicans. It has relieved Capt Sara Wouaks, who starts abesAfered the same fate. The winter wheatby authority. He is fresh from the Presi- a total failure, but the farmers, none dis-Oregon,Tliiiisiliailbound to himofA iSHBCial excitement of considerable manii. this point. Let us ask him, then, to state plowed again and planted comofand has establmed an envlsbleLieut. Cook, of the Fourth Infantry, and IJeat.hand,bysocial— that also failedand the question 'mightnotunnatu- flageralas an executive officer. )tnde exists at the present time in Baltimore, uiiaertliB [iiiiasiiiii of wnich one or two old firms of stockbcokecshavegoneunder. Thebanking-houseof possibilityJoaiTBL IdB & Co., which has been in existence should be the highest penalty held out to de- as a last resort, tried buckwheat but after neafty^bc^ years, suspended pajrment yesterday. ter bad and desperate men from engaging in a coming up, that also perished so that hardly a Theijtioable is caused by a depreciation in stocks. a net of four or vestige was left behind. Thus every means PolSiealexcitementalsorunsveryhighthere,and trafficwhichreturns profitit is feared that on the occasion of the parades of five hundred per cent. ? If the President doesthe Bep<d>licans and the Unionists, both of which not hold this view, and if Judge ReosEvsLT the impending calamity was tried, but all were take i^ce to-night, some disturbance may occur.ofimprisonmentyearsYork and commenced provincial life as a citi-zen of his newly-adopted home.When the Tribune asserte editorially, that that one who is the chosen standard bearer of FINiNCIiL EICITEIENT U BiLTDIOKS.for twotoo were blasted, and the despairing pisneers, —are four Presidential candidates in the sixty days' leave of absence. Q, field,desperate fortune,sowed wheat spring;they the corn toowithered, and then potatoes were put in ; theyhad sold or leased his abode in New- these ten years past and now, when there AaasTKOHO, ot the Second Dragoons, have received ;that persevering industry could devise to avert vain, and with each successive failure failedFailures ofBanking Houses. malsofrom actual starvation and cold, if relief be notmanyhopes.must be ob- livious of the fact that the party in question,who love their places more than revere theythe Constitution and laws of their country,to the " mie or ruin "maybemore wholesonM in cool tlian torrid weather.;cent could raise or theyparent eagernessEveryclaims, which the President prematurely forcedinto market, and now, at the moment presentof destitution, with a refinement of cmelty which is almost incredible, we are informedhouses in Baltimore, having existed nearly forty yean.fromfunctionary has determined to sell, in theWashingtonto cold, in the enfeebled condition induced by insufficient food, must prove fatalexposureto many.dischargething one btishel to thefor and other "politicalgive TuesdayThe discrepancy between the accounts re- ceived from Uie Territory itself as to the stetepast ysar,partial cropsin recent southward as low as Fort Scott, allto do while be isso disastrous in every point of attempted de-,thanfence, ftcts.likelyhave All who can leave the suffering portions ofTheto much the City Inspector continue to illustrate the both for disorderly conduct, and on this charge Hnmberofacresofliidsuffer,inthe<'iaipMMBBCase'' of Chatfieldct. The by the next maU from the Isthmus. The on- less sterve, while we have plenty and to steady relation between our clean streete and toey were both vonmiitted to the cells.to-day.apedal talB m the same Court, Justice Bonkey cerely hope that this news Will beWe sin-confirmed moremust be permittedCadseweeklycomplaint againstjendetadjilliliiitf"^ledefendantsondemurrerNumberofSlavesIn 18M the Increased value of taxable propaitrthat thetlie assaultee.returns of arresting officer to makeNumberNumber of Number of free negMayoi^ Ap. ponente of the actoal Administration in New-The Stock maiket «aa quite feverish through Granada are contending for no princinle of down from thespare. thedeaUnnofjartaidaK»oi.finallysettleddown poUticalUberty,andthe Rockyover 18W was $70,534,702;"">"»^in prices ttont 1 per cent. lower on the Share list th^ oaTDesday. Tbe'State SCdchs of Virginia de- clined i per cent., snpposed bi consequence ofsevsnlinstigator ofX move vast treeless teble lands west of the Missouricomparison with previons weeks of the year,whonowhappenstobe yearsof$133,237,234.running as Mozart IN "OSDS.some farced salesof found -1861, perby no time, even when the logs of the cabin are condition the streete has no need statis- They him, related the sad plight in Due in 1662 7 per cent. Cenlra Bjmt Boo^.where Ulures occnrred yetteidsyfoicnoonamongother motive than that of afor wltimoiiB aecotmt,u. »1«^"3^ gjg ^ment,Gen. Mosqukba, hasOKOBOLA PUBLIC DSBT—been prompted te are piercing enough in the dreary Winter but with corresponding periods of 1869. The nominee for the higher dignity of Recorder. Due in 7 cent. Central Bank Bonds. $W,0»a^priies of desirable loU of Plour and citement by thisfimjer. Amoderateba«in9MWWhaabgeasuspended,andpublicrevenuesopen shantybut he who has wintered on one of these far-City Judge,:[capitulate.rebel against the consUtuted aufdorities ofwill doubtless do so but of ;byof Dcmtists DaguerfeviTerritorythose who unfortunately cannot leave, not one— ^The•• j,J13 1.***SS,45»,MS ""'•S! 443,364 4SO,0«»averted,liness to beinoi HSm t/Uft as po<rntti«lr ^Sl^ fttnic erftilto omah ito antogtmist, ud there was he tighteaa hi* btenkaiMpulhlii aad Ustoaa 'gnte^fbig, -'^two <aMBber* <rt'oar timg ultetf* miMwith ex-goldea discoveries, big journal for not supportiiig " a r^^nlar nami-ts Pwfew(H _fitsiifaie^and,;ia at least oae insfaaee, of ac- tual starvation. The waU of want from thejoinsunited echo at once sad and terrible.:'Crab, ».,skirt the Neosho shont of the goU- digger amid the guldies and canons of the Bocky Monntainis, and send hitherward anstitotion,dissolving IhelTnion beeaase their party may sustain defeat in the Presidential contestand the Kawwdth the..dently designedagainst apfia;.gjgfaUi^^ -n;thefar through a fena atbiaiUag tbem over totionary definition rtinning thusfish, of red color, that goes backward.'^" Onthis luminous text our neighbors preach a aer-mon of ten heads, each Aaia branch of the dis-course divided into as many considerations asHie ordinary crab baa legs. To our great re-gret, however, we are nowhere informed who man,Party for a seat in the Assembly.charge is made with excellent graceagainst a journal in no degree professing tostend forward as a a party organ, bycrushing toStetes. Diatmionism would be crushed to the ba left three hundred on the andhadtion of the stockholders for his appointmentcontrary,onlyapplica-Special Dispatch to the Vaw-Toik Tbaae. BALTnoai, Wednesday, Oct SUThe banking-house of Josiah Lie & Co. aas- pended payment to-day. The firm consisted of Qevaa & Bsotmus, « ho succeeded to the business after tbe retirement of Castu AThey foundlargemoney expended,jeopardy. thougb our rulingclasses,"eitherfromtheforceof theextentoftheirindebtednessIsnotyetascertained. their individual muscle or from the number Their assets hare gone Into the ttands of Trustees, of an exten-the usual on such occa- etiquettemay be expected toap- very marked and peculiar attention both of Bartheirmanftilly,toiy. They fightWmtis vha t>rpx-eonaolatfoBMecUon,whenthC«<iik beoonfinedforisno mistake Imaginenndeaa- called them greater than toforth frontopponents, yet th^ ight brarfily aadarid' entertain titODg hopes of ric-couragement to the traitors who are plotting great sacrifice of life. The battle o: the Mth of , for an lack of the overthrow of the Oovemment under which August, at Oratorio, was decide. Six liuadiail deadthat the Tribune is anxious to hold thisallegedand wounded were left on the field, aad nearly tweivo hundred prlioners were taken liy Gen. Hxsata. Om-we live. If every Northernto torn his backstentlyBBBCKaaiDOi,the hopes of his friends in the South"; and theresult would be the triumph of Bell and Ev^ three thoosand had been ebxtt in all except two or three of the Cotton men,seven hoadrad Anairangemeatwase^ tered into by which MosavasA suliailts to tlie OoTara- ment, but remains Governor of Caoea. Tliis, it to Stete, on the openly assigned reason of re- dition of parties, is to vote for Disunion, what- thought, vrlU not be approved by the PresldeBt. Thean over-zealousTribune acta as if anxious to make us adoptgerous thanfriend, and. thebore us out in our statement.Southconstitotionalthey demand that he shall have a fair trialTo vote for BBKCEiirBiDOC, in theactualever may be the purpose of the voter. Mr. Bbeceikbidob is now in the hands of the Dis-unionfaction. Heistheir candidate. Theyri^teexpressed amongst the people he sought to that he shall be inaugurated and that the ta^n the Tniliins, I am satisfied that few, if any, eCdonbtehis legaltrampled upon;to testily to tlie small as It vrasbehavior of the whole"this candidate never applied for the Re-ceivership of the Artisans' Bank," but on theand who" consented to thewholekeeps clearly within the pale of bis constito-country ahall obey the laws, while hethem coold have ese^ed, although this was the tm time Uiatmost of the men have eaeodsteied a hostta Indian."in^e hnmedi- is only the party which holds the offi- the Ist of Decemlwr forate neighborhood of Madison-avenue were ces, and which will be compelled to he is appointed Adjutant-General. Capt. Wniuiacertain it is thatTery surprised bypersonshis disclaimer of residence in that surrender them, thatof wlilchhas been in the Adjutant- General's office here for sev-they give all their energies to the support ofSouthernpledge himself to sustain the Union unless he is elected,theNorfliem office-holders ofwill notDisunioniste,for the place, theand Press. On that occasion he steted that he torn off, abandon the piratical flag of disunion The failure has been caused by the depressiaainillegitimate pur- Is it maintained by the Tribune that:On lasteven-fiercely,dragged us,;Leaving a Dei surplus of TT. aooD AssxM or ths stati.was notgenerally regarded as an effortsupporters be party treason, of that offence weIng a balance of $274,810 M.restless am-many months the people of New- and pork abound. But with scanty clothing, ble witnesses, sight and smell, bear testimony begged his interferenct(si*tna of phUanthropyall chinked and up,firewood is plenty,andcom—fare, and an none toiuprotracted|stmggle. Businesshave out pnUxiw (j*a fe.-aa any concegUsn of ths afford entire satisfactioa ta the Com^oUer, iait wasgu".^£ ,"^;l^?^'ntUntitled DocumentDuein1869,6perhe iscunningelicitingthe assaulter because noAicD Effect.ArtisU57The fierce winds that an ill stete of the public health. The number Upon tois the friends of the parties at once forever, sweep;has beenNoforty yearssend-on 'aofwould seem to embrace functionary largerof itllereyphilanthropysig-suchthus farwhich are inbountybeinghaveTheir liabilities are probably half a mlillon,;Comptroller states that the good assets of the not Include the Western and Atlantic Railroad, whichofdays Judge—a wider and more view of those qualities for whichseriously crippled, but I withhold the names. There is much excitement in financial circles.The last case ofRussell'sbuttouchingone, and weit in asnnaaclal AflTairs ef Ctoercla. HiLUBOxriiLB, Oa., Tuesday, Oct SO.and this year the Mountains over the of deaths in the City increases not only in proceeded in friendly quest of the City Judge, is $02,702,473, making an Increase orer the p«« iwatics to illustrate it.gradualthe late,lostnotimein;andwhilethe resulto M may tooqghhurryingtownt » Cfa:Those two unimpeacha- which his sp<>rting friends were and placed,hi1803,percent Centra^ o redeemable-;now redeemable;.:deterioration oftheand bent on deeds ofpraised.longerto the doors of opencast off their chains.ddsire does not as yet appear to have takenof voters their voices are thought capable of controlling.and there are only slight hopes sion.In the Uilledgeville papers of this morning the candidate whose cause it espouses so been one of the sco.urges of our City, attacked appears a portion of the able and interesting report sfand bid theIt is very true that thisprisonsguiltyother versions have it that nothingcon-and that great injustice, and is entirely ftlae. he can only be induced to say that he will re- Maj.Taoius'oakialrepert.jast reeaftradat tbs Warmain in the Union if he is elected, but not if liepaitmeat, gives fiiU detail* ofhts |ftack en m»he loves the Union, but the South better officeropponentman maintain his self-respect while support- ing such a candidate t;Thebut the naked knuckles were used. A police- State amount to (807,023. In these assets he doesThe receipts Into the Treasury for tliefrom taxes, net earnings of State Road, baak divt> But on arriving at the station-house the dends, and all sources, amount to $1,4U,1M 78. Thtto stend convicted. We the side of the injured man. He would no The following table shows the total value of fibsvrith knife or at the hazard of life pistol,tocontre takes place. Foreseeing this, toe Ser- geant of Police on duty would not dischargeOther property not mentioned. I»4»,08» 41,4a7,3»»was Sergeant ordered theg8,»45 M,TJ» 2,8S8 »,•»mercy,fttaUon-ltowe, where he opened special Due In 1869, pertoe peace for the next »iklations. Gen. HsssAa was towith troops for Kagdalena. Gen. M..y.^, ^iit;^beingTheylarge deposits,DuegS: IS {|g; J?l'rre°nV,noWBL»,aowand are doing business under the name and style of Lis fc Ca. The firm was among the oldest and best known7Due in 1864. r per cent. Central IJoSoBir Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 