 t-*the imprtatiear fiotraa<<ertaeerIT terms:»?»«r*I B«r U th«t"»-»> eftntctoqfe*.tfiet th*« t* W » t. &>*??«*««« ©f •>cwuwnto of opfeif.frwitnesswould »toT>gue» W h a t Bell men see i ^ oteforDougbvc .15eU. Tser* isa' Uukeytoooe>J *>Hght to iXATO••'••••'in$t?opinion thai, be- »e Japanese balL, wlinateakagaNEW&iGRAPH. Auxr.3,186*.JSTCRSHIP.pt-Mkm betwee* pta;o» ia the KGa- rmasoer, rVce&Uy tajor Sutherland, in Maryland, yetrsoo* of ex-Gov. Slack, who i* aSon is clot*? upon percentage wera ail pureha*ee in >raetteed»byG*T- L;»r .tort of duty,.deed..T A TIOK.oth by the Preei- latter ha« been ntc&urrifirsad-rf* tae Presidents t >visit him. for tat 'is best fwr the .u' not yet heard iad cause io^tha their trip-hither,i now t^»t Kc ha* k at his disposal, ti>and pnrateiy,i slaughter house tell ba« been hera ako CvL Payne*iddle and Western sated. Jc ia their ^iid-mouthed pohti- to the Ousiae*< of » officials oi the inch dagger froet pressing the Po*t- : every Douglas*tribated tbroagk *>theHon.0.&. wtomove-at9the Breckinridge he marine baud. i •i^ii^ on* and *»• until about 11 W} wire- present,I''. Dickinson i s 1' the Administra- «ountry, compli* M tuey are, up:« and said that they heDoafrias party, torial question asDentists h«re> are • a sapper at the-i M e e t i n g .lay. Ante 1,J80O.tx: in thie city last* e?over*l sbu&t dm* greeted wi b 7 J i ,C and nvsai© a JK>«••u**x 0emoo>ay, Aug. J, I860.. iHemocraej of l b * t- n morning, whia ¥ emphaiie»>;iy. iam«or«mg Ooogiautdrfcooal re*olsti#n, .)!, and the ex»»- b, idler oppoeiiioa,a mass xuetfag of Sept. 26.sizarion of tho State 'eferred 5oth* Statet i e business, of Um adjourned tine dte,>vicoun*e.r, Atypiw 1,1800. h v tbi* af£erw>*Q bywho, a^ad-d by a uue, e«.x>rted kiss t»>nem ee>eoadedy Tie widftjn-ed tno .^Uiaafcd. Ucoaoal r iK» clam-wke- at ia no donbt tbai iti*y, ang. 1, I860. Hnaw, of %J»o g»- apziouneed to u i e & ia nearly 80 jeer*hwawstic recoptione K..GL JH*-xa»de«.'•trxiUiou.fey.An*1,1860. naon]iioat«d[ to Coat* vrtriet of Iffinoia.^i"e«*C I n d i e s 1*y,Ao«.l#l«6Aof Kinandpa*>Q ba rwto-dayby»Jteoot-their flesh with their aprons and towels,.which were/ [tragedy and farce blended ,-i.n,the essentmUy human ai>d arenot particular as to others having any,can Indeed tbe rise has been so great that anot&«»beari-;:ter, and it now drives them out. The whole foreign date the Colonel with their choicest goods upon such vote yill now go to Lincoln or Douglas. But the sight.- >• • • Germans demand protection, and Douglas and the The case was given into the hands of Detectives"prindple, urging that it shonld •«• act- d npon *z each. Prof.JewettofAlbany,W.W.NewmanofBatf*- 3k>> Wheeler of ISew-York, aud others obj'WJted towere few compared with thoee who went te-'feed-' Many of the ship's minor officers were extremely 1machinery worked weU, and she attained at highest 'iron* on him, and then discoveredf&eir,mistake,, for Placardswerestuckaboutthesaloonswithalirtof:gallantinthisemergency. Theirown,quarterswere allwhichtheywillbeputthcongbacourseOfle<al'T t t « 9tate> T e a c h e r s * Jj»MH>latlOBu .. STRACOSI, Wfdnt5ed*r, Aug;. 1» 1860. .SXJFFEEIN© AT SEA.e room-mates were.brought together,by thefoam.;' And the giant- moving wi, with arms cat-: accorded[berthfa. TwO were disposed to be good; the 6tored totbeixiiaine dtoeeticneets. ,»n»*Jb««>ooti'«r«l«<>0tt0Pii,d in theooowderatianof*JL report*, on* by Profeseor Thomp«ioa on or»l ia- T l s e E x c u r s i o n o f t l t e O r c a t E a s t c r i x . eu etched that seemed to embrace the whole horizon,,restfelltosadrecrimination and abuseof•eachother, ; jHiblicsnjournstenottodoubtMr^PoogJ»«s>ms«»d- . W$t'£XS .'".''V-'-'BBIV*^.,••/'--"'- ,' <$?i*£i ehip for ihe tariff—that if.elected.Bresident, -fee wtilE J ^ T a n d lie other by «'»H M*ry a Anthhny Of K^ie#»«r,ontb«truebaeigforgr-«<rt gPub'ioScboobj.-,3Bo2^ports^ti«itedint«re»tit^«li«cueiomt,raor-nar- t rtxlwrlj the latter, which urged that aicornl qnaUfto 1 tioo fthoaH be the basis, not the accident* of ondiiibn,tnrthy color/ & cMIM 8oaan B Awhony, the Rer. $. J.. May, Com-YQETiniittJi^^The Extremity of BHtish Fair Play.yet- bare and sharp (to saiiwas set), moving witn and bandied ebarp speeches as to their relative -r^rpect*;' ^Hiei anchor was dropped at; ten^minutes before 10 not imitate Bmbanan's treachery, .and that if. not little noise to betokena humanorigin'overtheepec-ri ability,vary^gthe performance byunansweredcalls, o'clock;andaiie»tbeproperdelay,thebargeToighkeep^ elected;hewillstillhaveavote-toca*tinthe 8en- tralmain,filledtheSpectatorwiththatgenuinesons* forthe steward,which;'.---alwaysmean Bome«Jing?. sieaiidthesteamerIslandBellranalongside,andtook *teinfavorofthetariff. TM#i«on)WbTftt good•faction wbich twenty-five cent tickets canrot purchase. •comdr.g;fiom: wemam-; f ^:'-"i'^.':':;'^ :'::'!.c. ^ P '"'-T ! • •••> news..-;, .;.-• •••-,••-.•.••:'.>.;•••-•'.-•-• .-•••..'':-'- ;;'-' Jioff^ a majoiity of the peopls. Small boats swarmedBut the stomach is,-'superior-to- the s >ul, on an av- Ai)d;yet, with ladieB suffering oorely on -the floor Of • about the big One, rescued the most impatient, several. . The Slave huTirers on Sat^trday arsrested a ^ o werage,.and those who sat on tbe- wheel-house's; or-hung the cabins and on the.dcck, and with companions wil- y: : :: ; : •^inriumher'lr; v ''-.';'-;':^ ^[ ': J fi. ,^' ,;, ,f'_:: )People have learned t i rely with such childlike confi-the cooclnajona of the other side 00 the ground of ex- dence upon the British principle of Fair Play, aud there and the thoughtful request that payment should ?beticket was thought too high (*s it secured the simple Tbo 8*at* AwociatJon of Sahool officers is a'sp hold- right to sail on the boat), and there was a general ex-FROM PUILADELBiil^passage of the waiters. The restaurant was very com- rolled PO heavily that only the hardiest constitutitms. TH1KGS TASJJfia SHAPE- -THE SEW,, IN^NEWrJERr self, and that he has made bath that no' such granting i*s fif»b. annual meeting here to-day. Hoo. u . pression of surpiise from citizens at the policy the man- B. Vanrykeis Chai-man. , ' ... .were tightly held together* just space «uoagh being left about the boards for the. difficult aud calamitousi.-iSi-ry ^;cH'V .vVMORNra^ I , J In theearliest hours of Tuesday, the Great Eastern-Cofroenimagi** r * Tbe3u#iness Committee report ten topics for theas the company claim iwder, was ever made to him. agement of the enterprise saw fit to adopt, the crowds pact., the scullions doing their honest hut notploastog reeiFtedfatel internal perturbation. And as the light SEY—THE WATER: GAS-^-€VRK>TJ^ COURT. This knocks away, the last Jpiojjt that. remains totpaneee robbery f a r o rnntakea. >ation is ia store akehoW of thai^onsideiation of the As«ooation.ArTKRNOOW 5K3SKJN.Hon. Henry H. V>*nDyck. Snperiotendent of Public Instrac^o. delivered an able address on the scbool »y »>m of Kew-York. .Tbe esgerners to embark increase as the final: hour • another. When we have t&rown in a mcbof men and* dreams npon them, they rushed f r shelter under the- FromiOmi.OwnlCorret^ndent.-'^--'-^.;.,-^ ' ^fi-;r $;$&, , .* ' * Bolders of common stock ia the ,;Mbmg Cvnal for emba'cationr-2-o'clock—-approached, and.the pier ,women, all inspired;,with that implacable, appetite awnings andintothe saloons..Thealarmmg discovery PHlLAr)ELPim,'Jj2^^;o^ 2 nrie'pbuting at a two.y^r cent dividend, when, titieyor givennor for-Arrporton the influence of motives m educv-ionSve xiueto a lengthy debate in which the 44 Woman's Island Belle aud Griffin, that were eogagedito ply be-.vtiththe brute creation, it will be easy «nough to fillup a picture of surpassing indelicacy: The most•ing.—io. water, basin, soap, towel. dish served up to tbem of such assorted ingredients ihree, that*they bought the coming dividend ,afcf2|, A repetition of the supper scenes, with all-the em- that each may put io his spoon and find exactly the thus making a pout-all round. ; , *-Professor Crnttenden deUv*r3d an addressthw m»ru- injr, and an animated disoo*sion ensued upon l>wtrtctghts" question bM a prominent pljus?.' The report tween eMp and shore for thtir accommoda ion. Polica •wtich took ground agt»in»t this movement was restiained that impetuosity wbich, with the aid of anadopted.unsteady phink, might have plunged somebody into pe- A report on the national order in the development culiar ti onlile. The boats went over with weight of ofhumanfacultieswassubmitted,disunsseaand passengei8thatbroughtthemtotheirgunwales,ad^,resli*y. The struggle was Homeric. Hoarse cries wrought the victims up to a fever heat of diegnst. and are pTJDcip?e8 to suit all phases of bclligerepcy, Ihe sensation responsein your own city. AUstocksJtVESIMG SESSION.likewise used to purifiy the implements ofappetite. A way. A propositior>for an indignation meeting was aleo.be accommodated under the existing, imbrog- smallpieceofbreadwasscentedafar,off,aabyavul- hai»edwithenthusiasmandanexcitedcrowdorgan- lio..Takeour1stCongressionalDistrict,solong'has been forced to throw up and quit f. EXTENSIVE CosFinxscE OPXRATOR.-^-Severalweeks saro, Mr. C. B. Hatch, and other merchants; do-adopted.An rnter*8*vpg address on practical teaching was de-livered by VT. F . Phelps of the New-Jersey State Nor- jn»l School.There were eome 1,500 persons in attendance daring the day, and a larger number duringthe evening.The Island Belle coquetted' against the Great Fiastern, MII-WAUXKK, W«*dueeday, Aog. 1, 1860. as a little maiden with her stern and formidable maleized by the selection,of a Chairman and a Secretary on loided over by Tom Florence arid the Navy-Yard,*,Tbe Caj*c*or Sherman M. Booth.mouth order, the very .rthripe preferred by, truant pectt-d, and had a ri-'ht to expect, dccetitaccoojmodations and Whigs. This nomination will be followed by three*nd were entbutiiastically revived. Tonight they are stowage. Altogether, quite a nice clutter. Growinggiving an exhibition of their drill at toe Maryland In- in appetite for pleasant accommodation by these tastes, stitute. ' A great crowd is in attendance.the gnome-like forms of.noisy, men, bobbing in the most bewildering mazes, were a spectacle of which even the musicians soon tired, and those gentlemen, having been obliged to pay for food which had been included in their contract, refused to afford farther melody without distinct pecuniary compensation.Berefti f this resouice, the still hilarious party sought amusement in boisterous runs over the length of the vessel, in disturbing the sleepers, and in Such other pleasantries as seemed to them to be justly included in tbe price of a ticket. But the inimitable and indescri- bable picturesqueness of the scene on deck came of the rows of human forms profane ftretohed out along the gunwale*, and grouped indiscriminate y under every accidental shelter. Toe divinity of sleep was never- courted under less promising circumstances. Some of the sleepers, having secured more than a fair share of mattress, wore heavily covered, the pro- truding head alone indicating human presence. Others, of uneasy nocturnal habit, were con- nected with their ma'tress by a single fond limb. Others were curled compactly on one end of the spread. With the exception of the Adamite, every form of vestment was adopted for the night. Reckless alike ofthat memorable occasion, iThere is a general laugh irquiries, they learned the true character of tho Colonelm£xplo*ion and JLonn of Ufe.M&MPHIS, Wednesfay, Ang. 1,1860. The steamship i>acroi>se, for Galvestou, explodedthe happy passengers soon made bold to inquire con- cerning ttate-ToomSr They were referred to a man wboce name appeared nowhere in the advertisements of the excursion, and was on that account more likelyhere at the humiliating cave in so eagerly submitted.below the city tc-dav, killiog four prsous aud wound- to inspire confidence. Before the ticket-holders werewere this early alive with the ravenous excursionistsfrom the other citv, and the rural paits. Jersey selves at'Trenton, hence the surpriring celerity withing three other*. are a total loes.A NEWLous $4>,000.Tlhe boat and cargoall aboard, he was constantly in the center of a crowd, whose inquiries for sleeping place he answered with the simple statement that a list of state-rooms already taken was wanting before he could give anybody aFIRE-EXTINGUISHER.wagons brought, the now stern and reticent ten dollarcon>pany,"by a blinding road, to the e5u*ter of «6odenhot*l«>. All were overcrowded. What additional The Germans in New-Jersey have come oyer in a ^preferring to see the cssh, which was not forthwrning,' m • •At the ina'aoee of the New-York Board of Under- change, and that the list might be along toward night.,ihey eaved their gun and piatoTs. bodyforLincoln,havingleft tbeDemocraticcamp Manyotherpersons,whosenamesbavehotyettrana- in disgust. Americanism drove them into.the lat- pired. saw the checks, and were happy to accommo-writers, a trial was made yefterday, at Newown, L. I., of Mutller's .yire-Extiuguisiiiug Compound'. Among those present were Mr. Coob, President of th-> Pulton Fire Insurance Company, Mr. Underhill of the New-York, Mr. Sattorthwaite, Fire Insurance agent,3>r. Walton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mot'., Mr. Stevens m, and other gentleman "connected with insurance intereets The Board of Under ivricers were represented by Capt. glory and Mr. S'agg."With which, and the sight of one's name legibly in- scribed in the man's book, ono could afford to go off and be merry.It was absurd to see among the last persons to come . aboard, several of those excessively prudent persons. How ridiculously unnecessary that this gentleman should come staggering on under a hamper of pro- visions, doubtless comprising the simplest articles of diet, such as can be obtained io satisfying plenty on boatd ! What an il»ustratijn of the folly of a goodmiseries were endured in the vain search for rooms,let us not tr.w to tell. The reporters, for the first timesince their departure from New York, were humanlytreated, by the proprietors of the Columbia House,aadwere ens bled to h>ve their moist unpleasant hmbs inthe perennial eurfofOld Ocean—a luxury for whichthere could have been offered no eartbly equivalent.', |double dilemma the large German vote has noA good dinner—how n any cf the leBB diitinguishedex- ^alternative but Lincoln. The sell-out of the Bellsionists could ib ain it, for love or money ?—-ielped to • 'party was the most open, impudent, and shamelessrestore the tone of mind and body, and qualified them surrender that the campaign has developed. It is nel s description.A little frame two-stwy cottage on the premises ofMr. James Perry, Engineer of the U&derwritera, wasselected for the experiment. A room on the firrt floor, gentleman bending to carry a box of wioe ! But thefor whatever toil and sacrifice were yet in store.The excitement was very big at the Cape all yester- day. Oiie of tie hotels had made arrangements for the disci aTge of a cannon, but some evil person spiked it. All day the perilous ascent of tbe Great Eastern's hull—perilous because of the hight aud the unstableeta—wasmadVby men and women, in holiday attire. It was thought 5,000 were aboard in. all; price 50Stepping np quite near to the individual, one of them said " Bow are you, Colonel?" upon which he tarm-d about and replied u Q o t e well, I thank you.'' Satis- fied in reference to their man, tbey politely informed him that be would have to accompany them to the Police Station, to which he at first demurred, thinking10 square fctt of combustibles. It was fired, and afterIt had been in a blaze two minutes, two round tin boxesabout 8 inches iu dwmetcr oy 3 in depth weroproduced.rigging were mounted, and the cheers of the steamboat crowds that were drawn leisurely about tbo hull wereentire nocturnal gamut of the human voice was run.The stesmer was announced to leave at 6 o'clock. At 4 the pier was crowded with the paiued pleasurers; no boat was there to transport' them to the steamer.of the hay, and a largo log wero still Ofyfire, needing only sir to break ont into a fiame.to sleep, the great ship had taken direction upon her As the night advanced certain mattresses were re- own responsibility, the officer in charge of the wheellittle doubt that coal gas has seen its brightest days, commented on, one of the engineers remarking that inand that in the five coming years a new era will be Savai»nah an inspector merely struck the metal withinaugurated, by which consumers will get their light his riding-whip to see if it were sound; A disemwion at half the present prices. • : .. ~ was continued in rtgard to the effect of the circulation: of wat+r in boilers, it being affirmed on one side thatAn extraordinary case turned up in the Quarte it would prevent the formation of spheroid globules on Sessions last week. One DormelJy being on trial tb* iron, and on the other, that this would have no for being concerned in or privy to an extousive bur- effect on said phenomena. .glary, one of- the burglamwas called_ to prove that i „CORRECTION.—Our reporter was misinformed in re- Donnelly had been with him at a certain tavern ona certain day. To rebut this, an alibi was made gard to the name of.the spokesman of the Texas dele-bec»me dense with people and carriages. The pleas- urc:-eeekers arrived warm, and, with their movable baggage in hand, pressed together to the steamerswhich most clearly atteBtathe relationshipof our kind, waanade that there was no accommodation for wash- r:{^kd poetical epicures of tbis,region are having a ;were confiaent ofthree. Outsiders were so sutfe ofpasaing'under the stern of the steamer, bstrayed their insignificance io size and general appearance, farioaely aseertJDg their importance, however, at tie whistle, quite in the way of small bodies in a higher scale of cieation.ture, and snatched on its way to the- suffering mouth. The glass of water was gone from the gaze "before the- moisture of the first sip had dried from, the lips. And» at every application for the most simple thing to eat, there was coarse assurance that it had •"runout."' Hour after hour a carnival of uncleanliness prevailed. The purse was opened to the waiter with no. other effect than to send him to some* fresh field of specala-as an example. On Saturday last seventeen Bell ing business in this city, appeared at Police head- the foiwaid deck. There was much inflaaamatory men met in that district^ and nominated Judge Ed-particular friend. The ladder of the Great Eastwrn ex-|»rnce, and "who L'Ss been awaiting bi.-* trial, in the tended ju?t without easy reach of tie adventurers; so lation in human want and wo. We need not enlargeproper attention, and as it had been aimonraeuthat »ho wan carable of ct»rryjiig an almobt fabulous nuxaW of pMH*ng«rg and nffbrdiig ttioia proper atten ion and acco "modation; an<lWliireas vVer4he pa^soagere on-tbts>xot»a}on to Capw'M.iy, have been grievously oiaappointed iaeveiy- expectation; ther»-Sherman M. Booth, who was arrested some timeothers, the People's, the Douglas^ and the Breckin- ridgers, four candidates thus running where Tom had a most damaging squeeze to get elected. Be-<Jlowr. Rescue cas**, was tnkeo from "ie room of the they displayed a large measure of agility: for hopeCnstom-riooae, where he was cor.fined, at noon to-day,bytenarmedmen,whoplacedhituinacarriage;h-y wasfreshwithinthem.TheystruggledbravelyUJ insulting'todecenttasto,howevereloquentofbarbar-jbad in resdtnese. wbich atov« off with him into the ©oontry. The TJnved S'a'es Marshal and his Deputies Were at duaneT at the time. The jailer was silenced by threats of violence, and locked up in the room in place Of the prisoner.The Prince or Wale* at Halifax.HALITAT, Wednesday. Ang. 1,1860. The ball last night w»» a success. The Prince waspresent, and danced with sever*1 ladies.The Prince has been aHout town in plain clothes, andbas been out early morning*.To-day he visited the ruins of the Duke of Kent(his grand/ather"s) farm, three miles from the city. The grand regatta came off fc*-dny. The weather Was fine, and yachis, fishing vessel. m«n of war, 'wbale-boata. at a canoes paitkipated; There were alsoJjorve races on the Common.There is a display of fireworks this evening.The Prince had a reception and levee at noon.The Governor entoitained the Volunteer officers thistogether, cheered by the word* of several of the ship'sous greed, however disgraceful to every. genLleinahonly di»appo'nt(-d but awiodl-rf; that, tbere was no wamrto wtch in, no towels furriiehed, nolx-rtba'ptoviiod and tbitmany lacliet weje obliged to f-leep on deck,; ov in. the opni> cahios; >hafcthe whole arrangements w e comemptible and disgracefol. Ilesoteed, also, That we would advi>e onr friends who propose to. go to Norf Ik and Annapolis in the Oreas Eastern, to Btay athome, for fear of similar treatment. : . , ; . ;To these were fixed a number of responsible Bigna- tnrer; fierce threats were fi> ely uttered against the management of the vessel, aid the plan was seriously entertained to gut the Great Eastern from stem to stern." In fear of this indiscTimioate retribution, theprinciple carried to excess, in tbe person of this otherles"on could scarcely be improved, for the bustle had culminated n and off the ship, and the Island Belle and Griffin Lad finally withdrawn. A prwerful steam-tug hupged the head of the monster, and urged the wholethe moitture of tho air, and of tha. peril of insanity winch id proverbially attached to sleeping in the moon- light, persons threw off all 'the garments that could be modestly dispensed with, and put forth white feet and34x13* feet, and 8 feet in bight, with a closet 1 j x i feet,containing in all l,.0O-2 cubic feet of space, was preparedby covering the floor with fresh earth, boarding up thehearth, and batiitg all the openings except the doorand windows. For tho first experiment Capt. Storylaid a pile of liglt pine wotd across logs, pouring tur-pentine upon oaknm underneath. The maas contained embraces, the wheelhouscs, tbo gunwales, and even the about the head, in the most convenient place.- The*»mm^$':^m$mm 9mcm&€m YMm MB mm:$JfffOY -WSH,I«W-¥@RH. DAILY TRIBUim, wheelsof tbe steamer beat the water, strange splen-i«fHS*l •-'. • - . m&$ hia-.".•men.decky and while one shipment of excursionists wore1>oking ahout, bewillertd, and dallying wicb theirhapp ness, another boatload •'asin process of transpor-tation to the ves8*l, and a third was fuming impatieatlyat the foot of Hammond s'reet, while the city waspooriug down every sreet to the river-front masses of fjesbment of the pleasure-seekers on/the Great epectaiora for the show, steamboatB of all sizes, dressedwith flags and stooping low with their load, were run-ning aiound the ship, and little boats shooting every-wotre, tbe rigging of vei-sels alotg shore aud in thestream was alertly manned, and sudden appearancest»nd unusual sounds in all directions announced the iu-tereft of the event of ihe hour. .The moment selected for preparing the deck of theGreat Eastern for tin excursionists was that when scenes of the supper-rooms into the cool upper air, theyTickets were givei up at th* opening upon theconnected with the veseel oa which they were enacted,for the riven Democracy are chemically divided be-they were coming onboard at the fastest rate, and were started on a grotesque dance, Ehootiog suddenly The Frince leaves Ha^if*x by rail to morrow noon their first taste of bliss was seasoned with the dust stiaight to the gunwales, coming into rough collision for Windsor, and goes thence to N^w-Brunswick. An which flew before the brooms of the men; and th»y with oiher figures amidships, or tambledover prostratefrvening.oeoort of artillery a» d rifles precede him. observed with pride bow tbe filth was collected intoEverythinghaspaesedoffwuhontsenoasaccident, heapBandthencarefullydistributed,entirelyfortheir -and the celebration is universalis admitted by visitorsJLEO natives to have been a crtdit to Nova-Scotia. .variety of the Bhip was given them by the operationsJ > c a t h o f H i e H o n . I w i a e A . B t i c e . wiih the awnings. Theae weie not extended Overl.NOiAMAroi.i.^, Ind., Wednesday, Aug. 1,1»60. much of the deck, so the offset was saved from thatA private disoutch from Delphi Bta'es th*t the Hon. monotony which is BOfatal to artistic enjoyment. Anall not weft.^-' :]""••.'% ":'•'/'::'T-:':;''' ".'.;'•;' • '--J-.This is what the Douglas wing insist on establishing, Mr. Jesse Lane of 3So. 174 Bowery, loaned the and hence.their unwillifigTiess to act precipitately.. Coicnel $£0, and was treated to a eight of some $1,600Xtaac A. Bice, the Republican candidate for Cougre:8 extraordinary priviltce was, accorded them in regardinvited the cinders which fell in great showers overtbe ship. Here is a triflisg disadvantage of theGreat Eastern pattern in marine architecture: thesparks, that escape the narrower decks, of smallervessels, can scar,ely get beyond her broad limits.Forward there was an appearance of festivity. A fewof the thirty Dodworth instruments wero played, anda number of heroic souls surrendered the capable bo-from the "Vllltb Dwtrict, died at 10 o'clock to-day, afier an illness of thiity-si» honra.•of baggage. The whole Greut Eastern was open to its reception. No pent-up crate, or lold, contracted it, but it lay all. over the deck. Gentlemen piled their pieces together or set them solitary underand made for the purpose of more strongly entrench- oughly exhausted by their incessant delays and dis- ing their present position. VJ. H. PuPerton was compensated for a bill of cloth- ing by a view of the checks. , • r .xts •The Chicago Zouaves Bat-TiMORB, Wednesday, Aug. 1, 1860.The Colonel visi'ed Messrs. Wood &Bro., and se- Crowds of rpontical bangers on went from this lected from their establishment a $2C0 carriage, aud a city to attend, the four Conventions at Trenton, for at-1„ of barnefe valued at £80. They were, also'.shown BifUston and Stockton men were also in conclave on the checks but deeming jt prudent to institute fartherand saved rbeir property. .. • -. | Mr. Arnold, merchant tailor, devoted considerable time in showing-his stock and measuring the Colonel for §150 worth of clothing, but learning the ciaracterof tbe Cclone^, they checked his check oporprions, and, instfad of cutting tbeir cloth, cut bis acquaintance.The Colonel was inclined to be a sporting character, and visited Bruff & Bro. & Seaver, from whose store he selected a gnn valued at $100, and a pair of Derrinrsparse awning, was Hfrered. The timbers were. still comfort and pleasure. A sense of the grandeur and moitt from the ewabbiog early received, and slow muddies attached to tb>ni to the influence of their restless The Chicago Zouave* arrived htre ihi» afierniwn, benches, or searched out dim and unlikely places of strains. But the feminine element was wanting, andappolctmehi«», a hungry, rush was made for the dehver-er from the,},etils and pains of the Great Eastern. Bythe'merciful intervention of a my Bterious Providence,;the transit to the propeller (by a series of jumps thatwould have done any one of the six Hanlons no die-credit) was attended with no loss of life nor serious, to by the-Bell .men. But that little feat had all beenbody around, exerting itse'f in a thdr »ngh way, and bare necks. The female form was distinguishable by wbde the monster was gradually yielding to its iron volume of dre'ssj tucked awav, with a handkerchiefcents each.:..?, ;' It is now believed that the water gas of Dr. San- ders will realize all the results, both practical and economical, which its friends have claimed for it fiom the beginning. Why tho inventor was so long in convincing^the public of its superior merit has always been a mystery: But during all this time, if the public were not convinced, the parties immer diately interested have been abundantly satisfied, aid there is little doubt that the general public willallswhen the boats came along?ide, off; Hammopddors lanced the deep, and lambentlaster obrictened the pervadingmisery. In one state-room, six la-ties were BtOTet, sxd'tbe Summer bixrfs^of pleasoie were rs« - Colooel Forney's Pre$* of to-dayi p P » B j -jaiBtaooer Allen, and other* ad wcatad the adtmaeion ofcolored children to all the. privileges of our publicschools. They a^gne the qneatiozk on the ground of THE PUBLIC WABBEEO AGAINST THE BIG SHIP1 abandoned to the soft and serene spiris of the night, manyberthsocerei^wcciipied all?tr.gkt,and'inacce8sililc. Ithese awful scenes, was generally commendable. Her The catchpoles took liim before the Marshal, putin the sbroods, or strolled sarpentineiy orer th©<d*ck, ling, to pay extreme prices for their accomuiodatioo, ^ ' ^ e ' ^ a y i b r ^ o ^ t i e vGreat; Easter*, througkouttbe comestibles to be obtainedaaad theirmarket-value, givennptothe suffering pleasurers. ^oHoj^^ttenin^ ] vlt)V1 simplel justice to state, that for the outrages en-; pprouts likely to teach themulbetter manners nextthe nauseating record.' Scenes like these, howevermay best remain unwritten. | - thc-ie ws* not aglabs of water to be had to qutnen thirst, aud thatW e are Bare that enough has been said to dissuade evtry sensitive pcrsOn from a like experience, and tell the public that t i e r s can be no exaggeration of the mockeries, insults,, and rank obscenities of the re-he introduced himself treated bim with great courtesy, found. This proscription is as mean asit is search- person of snch reputed wealth as the Colonel. HeEastern. The annals of maritime adventure, with alling. Only last week the Collector turned 'off from the Custom-House pavement id Chestnut street a bookseller's shanty, hecause the keeper thereof had turned out aDouglas man. " ;sits he rrible privation, have few cases more than that of this Christian Company.affectingT H E T3ECK. :officers fortified themselves with arms.disoiders—to describe which minutelyAmid all these would demand.Oh the other hand,1 the Douglas pluck is defiantas ever. That party delcined making an electoralticket at Harrisburg the other day, from motives ofpolicy only, the proper time for doing so not havingtbt-n arrived. They can well afford to wait, astheir wing is growing strong as the other increases,in bitterness. Regular nominations is the deity by whenever be happened to pass that way; aadeo,M>. which both. wiDgs swear, and this claim of regu- Batch was swindled, as the Colonel never chanced that larity must be not only maintained, but proved. way af er closing the bargain. ' v ' f v • ,'The sway of the ship, now steadily plowing the sea, and thrown ioto fitful light and shade bythe eccentric courses of the moon, prevailed against the perpen- dicular, ar d as tho people emerged from the excitioga volume instead of a page—the enormous macbiaeryof the ship, which had afforded the beBt entertainmeutahosrd to those who could endure the heat and watchits ponderous yet regular and silent motion, suspendedope»ati«xs, and the anchorwas dropped about fivemiles fromkCape May banding. A: dull morning; andsleepers, with whom. at. 11.o'clock, the floor, under tbe'V^?HE »AY AT CAPE MAY. : - checks.* Not all si*pt" even with.this luxurious accommoda-returned. Not more than an hour and a half behind tion. At intervals a wakeful band, with hands clasped A*tcr a tedious and hot talk with the.people of a Phil-time the Great Eastern had her right direction, and over tho aching cranium, made dreary attempt to beTbete boxes weie filled with tbe ompouud, aud woreignited by means of a fusee, which tbe operator touched moved finely d^wn stream,, attended by a fleet of jolly, or, having too much self- respect for such willfuladelphia steamboat, the captain consented to take overall who would go at 25 cents ahead, to which assur-off with bis cigar. Lighting each in succession, heBmiiller craft An idea of her true vastness was givendeception,vtntedtheirindignationatallconcernedinance,aftertheywe1eNfullystarted,anemendationof verysoonshare(heenthusiasmtheyentertain. It i'5 cents was made. With more' or less diificulty— is certain that nothing less than the most sinisterwith one person overboard—wi:h a lot of hapleas influences, prevailing in quarters where one would adventurers who only wanted-to see, not sail to New- least expect it. have alone prevented this great m>i'vention from being now in use in thousands of Ywk on the Great Eastern, the ship got under way bouses here. The Girard House has for severalabout sunset. weeks been partially lighted with the water gas, Moonlight and the splendid motion for the first made on tho premises. The works consist of threeretorts, and a holder large enough to contain only 3,000 cubic feet. The daily consumption of the Girard is 7,000 feet, tho price from the city works being $2 50. The water gas was first introduced into the bar-room, where it has given entire satis- faction, and is being gradually introduced all through the building. Any one may see it burning any even- ing he may call. The proprietors of the Girard are fully satisfied with the trial thus far made. 3[t hasthrew them into the room, and clorcd the doors and when the Hendrik Hudson, the Delaware, the Thomas the pleasant'excursion. Solitary big oaths rattled oatShutters. The* fusees borned 2.r> seconds, when they P. Way, and other of the largest river boats, floated from the dutk. Here a shrewd representative of thereached the charge, and a sound like the escape of a by her side. Both shoes were lined with people; "mighty engine,", and a few iii imates, ensconcedthere was a continuous ovation, which reached in a coop, thinking to roost securely till the crowing oflarge body of steam was heard. In an instant the a climax in the cheering thousands on the Battery thethe cock. Here a s^oatting circle were getdog the spirit ont of a mysterious bottle, and stimalating eachs other to renewed devotion by shouts-of song and jest, and by claps and pokes. Further on a dosuloory sparring match, a ZaHeenanand Sayers, with hard enough knocks to keep the participants fully awake all the reft of tben'ght. Yonder a bended form. Approach softly! What sweet devotion here, under the holy moon, on the broad bosom of the deep? But in theThe loss of Ladewig & Haydter will not probably fall short of $25,000. They are said to be insured, butin what Companies we^ouldnot learn.Loss en stock of M««srs. S. G. &. W. about $30,00ff,principally by water. They are insured for $75,000 in citycompanies/ •, , ,The Kock of W . J . Schloss, dealer in woolen goods, on tbe firat floor, was damaged by water to the Smo int of $lftO00. Insured in the following comoauies: Liv- erpool and London, $10,000; Brooklyn. $5 000: Centralroom was fiDed wi h a dens©, aulphurons vapor. In eight minutes the doors and'windows were opened, when the fire was found to bav'e boon extinguished, leaving the charred wood and oaknm, and two empty tia box>n half full of black scoriae, that looked like the cases of IJenj.nl lights.iironltaneoiiH salutes fronrguns on band, and the decks of other vessels, and the shouts from the cavaliers to the Hook. The lively scenes confirmed the passengers in their belief in perfect happiness, and they gazed at the flags of the steamboats as thoy flaunted under tho moving masp, and the myriad lesser vessels iu the stream, and added the muMC of their enthusiastic voices to that of Dodworth's 30 piecea, while the sunhonrs'of the night assuaged the pains of the pleasur-ers. There was positive hilarity toward the stern.Dodworth's band played for dancing- A singingcircleformed and sung. After midnight, the careless ani-nals were fain to sleep, and the deck was coveredwith .their forms. The cool winds blew over them;cinders, which showered plentifully from the pipes,we ve their drapery;. In a majority of cases they prob-ably took cold. Every inch of desirable floor below been demonstrated that this gas can be produced at.Tbe ifecond tent wan a very severe one. Over thopyramid of light kindling wood Capt. Story strewed20 pounds of cotton waste aud 10 pounds of oakum,pouring over the whole a gallon of alcohol and a gal-lon of spirits of turpentEe; Tu^n he half .filled alarger pan wi-Ju alcohol, soaked a tu-avy bag in that,and spread H over th« top of the b«ap adding to thepot another bag and some cotton. This was all fired,and instantly burst into a mighty blaze. In a twiukl-3ng two of the extinguishers were thrown in, and allclosed up. T wo minutes aft~r, a window was opened,yrixn it was fonnd that the blaze bad been smothered.After wailing f0 minutes the door was opened, butthe cotton and oakum were found to be still smoalder-ing. Twootherpoetswerethrownin,thentwomore, withabettergrace—but the straightand even"glideantfl at last eight bad been applied, -ind after a lapse of which enthusiastic persons have spoken (admitting And over this scene fell the ghastly light of the in-, of two hours and a half the door was openei and the of the game of skittles and such other cheerful sports terrnpted moon, the hourly stroke of the bel^'and theSoaas raked out. Portions of the cotton had ceased to as depend largely upon the perpendicular), was not the cries of the watch. So far happy were the worn ex- burn; I ut the mass of that material, with tn« embers' gait at all. \ cursionists not so know that, while they Blept or tried- Park, $5,000; East River. $5,000; and American Ex- change, $5,000. Total, $30,000.went down in gold and purple state, and the moon sanctuary the voice of prayer does hot generallystruggled in her feeble way with the drifting cloudsmid-heaven, and the bar was crossed—the last fare-wells having been exchanged with the boats that Camealong, and the only gun fired by the Great Easternhaving made its amiable noise. A little trouble withthe anchor (which throughout? the voyage was care-express itself by such singular and uncomfortable sounds.The building owned by J o h n C Gray was damaged to tbe amount of $1,500. Insured. The origin of the fire is unknown, but the matter will be fully investi-Iless of its reputation) had delayed the ship before revenge npon parties entirely unknown. They, passAMERICAN ENGINEERS' ASSOCIA TION,—At a meeting of this society, at their rooms in Cooper Institute, last evening, the Committee on Accidents reported in refer- ence to the late explosion of the pteam-tug J . C, Mia- turn, that it contained an old boiler that had been pre-crossing the bar, so that tbe night was fairly on when gloomy specters, sitting bolt upright, and racing fateshe got under full headway. The vessel yielded aswith cigars in mouth, and they pa'a mosning women outspread widi salts at nose, and they pass rude sea-\completely to the swell of the sea as the common ves-The brilliant morning cheered the company, aad bypersonswereenabledtoobs-rvethatlifewasstilltheir thingiathrownopentopublicinspection,andwhere((IVtiIHil11Blindly st-iggering ahead of dragging mattress come men who have been.aroused in an agony of rheumat- ism, or cramp, or cinder, muttering incoherentyo ws ofwas taken. A score of. ladies piled in together in one of the cabins.Early in tbe morning a collision with a schooner was like to ha added co the incidents of the excursion. The vepscl'narrowly escaped the tremeudoua blow. The watchers, four in number, did net perceive her, but by dint of shouting and shif Jng the li.tlo thing got off.,40 cents peT 1,000 cubic ieet. I am told that SanFrancisco is probably lighted by it by this time, assteps preparatory thereto were taken some monthsago. The hostile causes which kept this great in-vention so loujg in the background, will in due timebe made publiCj when the mystery which staggeredthe faith of capitalists and lookers-on will be entire-ly dissipated, and the .hitherto unsuspected purity ofsome functionaries will be seriously compromised,, viou8iyns»>d ten years and then thrown asideai use-.. 1sels. . Her motion was statelier thantheirs—she yielded men prowling throagh tho camp and making their own a severe strain upon their recuperaiive faculty, several, I have seen this gas buming.nightly at the Girard.less. -Therug was inspected about three monthssiuee, by Leightbali and Bishop. A piece of the boiler was exhibited, showing it to have been thoroughly corroded, and bad it been tried by a pomp or hyd'raulio test, ithaving wearied of his trust—not to know that there much more severe than would be likely to occur in was at its hight, a vessel laden with these familiar and were angry altercations between officers and pilot,It was claimed by the inventor that the test was called to mind. While the excitement of departureordinary firei. Owin« to the Iatemeae of the hour, an popular articles was bronght to the vessel's side, a line that the rudder-chains had given way, and that theexperiment with a cotton bal-» could not bo tried.Mueller says that he can put out any fire with.hispreparation, provided tho ceiling of tbe room in which shak* n from them contributing no1a little to the agree-course..:BELOW.Explosions on all sidss and on the ship gave glad tidings to the dear ones of the excursionists ar. home. .*.' " , Several steamboat*, with colors flying, kept aloognpwas foimed (of men) and they were rapidly passed up ship had veered a matter of sixty miles from her rightto deck, and piled there hi downy masses, the dirtit is has not been burned through. Tbe material is j o t np in very i>ortablo $5 puckagce of 0 pounds each, and can be taaily applied; but with how much successproceeded early in tbe evening, and came forth.laden sometimes succumbed with confusing effect. People one advantage—it does not spoil goods like water, and with mattiestes. And this proceeding gave rise, both hay on and under the tables, amid the foul debris ofSave the Queen (and damn as many of her loyal sub- Thpastonishment of all present at this denouement B07 Kitt-ED^-Eddy Gray, a boy twelve years of jects connected with, the affairs of tbe ship as might be, waHvery great I t seems that during the reces* age, while playing with several other boys at the cor- consistentwithHisdivine,economy), theWedding thejurorhadcalledontheDistrict-Attorneyand nerof.BroomeandMercerstreetyeste^yaf^mooa,further experiments must determine. It has at leastatthisperiodofthovoyage,auiSubsequently,tothe thebateorgie.fcAfewpartiesheldprotractedrevel,observation ""take up your bed and walk," which was and soothed the skmberera with the popping of corks When firemen are obliged to put a stream on a firo the distinct joke of the occasion. Taero ia never lees and the wildacclaim of inebriate aympathy. SoundsJtsavestheuseoftbutdamagingrtuid,whichisquiteMarch, and other unsuitable airs, the boats at ahdre told him he did not consider himself an impirtia juror, because of his now recollectmg haviog seen ran: out. their..nags,"and"guns blazedfrem.steamers... Dopnelly at the. time and place described by theThe Lexington and! the Red Jacket catae fluttering^ burglar. The defenseiobfected to this as a private with Sabbath-school t-hildion on their wa^y to happb communication, not made in open Court, nor in nets, and salutee were exchanged with those innocent their pre8ence., The Court ordered the trial to pro-a heavy consideiation to insurance men in th*se days,was almoet instantly killed. He was jumpingiato tbosand, wlien a large flagstone ^luooo: and orushed U) bim. His body was taken to tbe Eighth ^ a r d Sta- tion-Honse. ' . ' . . ' ; • t$s&&w$S ''. .AccinENTAX.i.T DR0W^n.-~Patrfok ®*tto*J»}»r ofItsyew,«M drewn«d*ttheteot^Kias:**^ CSfrf^^pwceau, N».U5JUn«»txt*i. *•whether it is requisite or not. The inventors propose than one. to place these extinguishers far stores and offices liableof sicknessjoined with their chorus. The promiscuous pens were choked with, troughs full of dormant hu- manity, and emitted unbearable airs. Far below deckthus stifle the flames at the outrot.on the sea there were exquisite visions.;Whore thein the dull heat.FEEDING.The moon was now smiling from the light clouds,to fire, and fitted with a net-work of fuse which wouldW setthemoffatthefirstapproachoftheoestrojor,aud KiteafairwidowTromherweeds,andinhoavehand thewandererstumbledoversleepers,breathingheavilyvessels.But that was the proudest and happiest moment ofceed,thoughDonnellypetitionedfortheJurytobe dJBcharged, whereupon his couusel abandoned the1-peculiar sport of the seen».I have been many times in the works, where every-accustomed' fatigues attending; the exhibition of their jdured by-»he exoureionists>^nobody:;isin the least de^ shiphave;madesleep-ahnostessentialtoltfe—certainlyigreeresponsible;"•-•"'•••'<}-..'.?:.K';>;-'..vrv-w.ix,m&;4- sotohealth.;r•:'••,'::::••;.•.• :-•;:•;;:";••':"' t i m e . •."•.. •.<• • ....-.• .••• - •'.,•..:.v'•.• TheholdersofSontillaiihave-discovered;thai their cpjponents in California* after ransackraj.eager to embark from the foot of Hammond street on :\'x:-.scmm^^i^iB^ FOR;; PRo«rECTioj^^^ work in the midst of the. eaters. " Sober drinks'' grew, a ppitefnl rain swept over the sleepersi onrdeek.; ;Monday afternoon surprised no one greatly. were dispensedfrom-one bar,ardent tipple flowed from. More or less moist ahd'eramped, with ad tbeir horrid, '•)';::'"• HUSTERS; CAUGHTr^Tb^.GRH^3^i:{' i f'";" foTgexy from the beginningV ^ » v; ;?':,Thedifcnssionwasawarmone,andcontinuedtill is8uehnovelattractiontoanexcursionintheroyal madeondelivery.;:Thetableswereadmirablyar- 32 o'clock, when the Atsociatiou took a recess tdl eteamerGreat Eastern,that,although the priceofa rangedfor-theclosestsocialpurposes, andtherevelersJ&ezirom search of SaBtHlan, th> original, grant©© under Mexican rule, baveLfdund- the old priest him-vivid hues of the imagination wilt not burlesque the. phasis of reduced stock and aggravated impudesce", condiment most acceptable to bis< palate. There ; Keitt'e childish disunion letter hurts nobody,, norassailed the waiters. They perspired freely* quencbiog. •^rage. There were shocking' scenes, in. which* the while those who have no principles of their own, have gone up, not in consequence, butiri spibadf it.i^jttry- '.j •• • •' ": .-The forlorn p/ers and the hot lands at ..the laudingarranged by the leaders beforehand, who had the most perfect understanding with the Breekinridgers, before any of the parties to the cabal showed them--THE RETURN.DESTUTJCTIVE Frns m WAKUEH STREET—Loss ABOUT $40,000—About 6 o'clock last night, a fire broke out on the fourth floor of the building No. 21 Warren street in the prertbes of Ladewig & Haydter, import-ers of shawht, and thence extended to the fifth floor Occupied by Sulzbacker, Gitterman 6c Wedeless, im- portersanddealersintailorstrimmings. > --.The firemen were early on the ground and labored energetically to subdue the flames, hut before they „ vcere successful in their efforts the upper part of the building was partially destroyed.own, aid as sweet as ever, and tnaton the whole they did not utterly detest themselves for having, gone on the excursion. The luxury of a lit Jo something to eat enjoyed by several other persons, lilted them with joy and pride, and the sight cf the city, was attended with a sort of mad gladueeB. A gentleman ascended to tie top Of a mast to assure himself there was no no mbtake. The wbeel-horjfees were thronged, and so• were the other elevations.polite superintendents will answer you a thousandquestions. All that I see and hear convinces me would have been proved faulty. The manner iu whichWan ladies languished in the saloons below. Thoir with the Great Eastern." ~ Theirpassengers cheered-*- / out with tolerable clearness. But when the Court gation received by the Democratic Volunteers on Tues-able fint impressions of thenewly arrived passengers.Afterward thoy were all transferred to an aftor store- disheveled hair streamed over the shoulders of the happy souls! And the tassengers of the Great East- reassembled the District-Attorney called a 'juror day evening; it should have besn Jthe Hon. Horace soom, and to this part of the ship individaals silently stouter forms upon which thoy leaned, and which ern cheered!, While Dodworth's Band played God •fiom the box to contradict, the proof,of the alibi. Cone,"of Houston, instead of Spencer W. Cone. .Untitled DocumentI'„•-.•••• -*>«WV**JIWIH« .'*JIO-V/-harangue, but the definite senee of the meeuog. was ward; King lor Congress. They, do.not propose to. quarters, and m*de complaint to Se/g^ant Dicksoashaped in the following preamble audreaoluiione:Whereat. BVom'.berep"tat£'>n.'«'hlch th» Great Eastern and hor officers had •>B:avliFhcd in the TjDitod States, 3he ladies and •gentlemen who>aahark<d on the »xoiir»l<ra-to Cap« Mayex-against a roan oallirg himself Col. Wm.H.Qujwni&all,charging that he had, by means of false and fraudulentreprepentattons, defrauded tbem of money and goodsto a barge amount. Tney described the Colonel; as, aman about 50 years of age, very gentlemanly, in ap-pearance and • manners, .and. a " regular .confidenceoperator." Be made bis entree in New-fork a..lowmbnthfago,andproducedlettersofintroductiontomany of our irerr-hant*, representing* that be was a w*anhy planter from Missisrippi.yond the power of combination. So far from even and relprned st the precise moment agreed upon au courting a fusion, the Breekinridgers are putting moneys that be borrowed. The merchants,to whompoison to the lips of the other wing; turning an*Douglas men out of oflice wherever they can be with a view of obtainiog as a customer and patron afoxe, .. •'.„•• ., ,.-.''. tweenthesefourstoolsTomwillgototheground. Betohed, That w«, the paa»erger«J to Cap*- May, have been not: Nothing can save him, whether nominated or not,^bet heavily that he will be elected. Judge King isan able man, tUf^W Jifie-longDemocrat of the red-was invited here and there, and feasted likea lord .and, being a single man, and possessed of superior attaiu- rrents (neither money nor »ge having any considera1 ion in the matter), was looked npon hmdly bv the fairer a x.' Thus roauers progressed, until the Cloionel had obtained the confidence of numerous merchants, whea he commenodopnatirns in dashing s»yle; first, by replenishinj? lis -wardrobe from the s ock of Mr. C. B. Hatch, <f No. 403 Broadway. TJ^afortuhately, he'b&d no ready money abonthis person/and the checks that he pTrodured w« re too large for the ca»hler to change. He was. told that he could pay the.little bill of;$70Thousand8ofPhiladelphiansandJerseyandDela- SuchoftheirmenasaremembersoftheState .Cohen&BosseauofDeystreet,soldthe,planterware folk had come down f>r the great marine sliowj Executive Committee bave been instructed to re- a watch and chain valued at ?70, and were also treated quire that body to call a new Convention of the to a sight of the same checks.bnd a fleet of steamboats and light sailicg craft were whole Democracy, to form a new electoral ticket. Mr. C. S. Robinson of No. 174 Spring street, and visible against the white shore. About 9 o'clock, the In such a body the Douglas men are confident they George H. Famey of No. 392 Broadway, each accom- propeller John L. Shiiver came up blowing to the can prevail, thus putting the seal of regularity to modated *«My friend, the Colonel" wit^ |20in"cur- steamer's side. She was engaged to transport the pas- their action in Pennsylvania at least. If the Com- rerit money, and abo took a look at the checks. sengc-s. She transported tt em in a double sense. Un- mittee refuse this demand, then a straight-out Berjedict, Hall & Co. of Park place sold the Colonel chan and ja^ed, many of them with no other roll for Douglas ticket will be; forthwith adopted. Hence a lot of boots and shoes for bit* " niggers,", and were breakfast but that.of the ship, the patience; of all thor- you see the pause at Harrisburg is only temporary, gratified with a view of the checks aforesaid,which everything was rushed through. This sellknocks Ihe wind out of Bell in New-Jersey. The ideaof Bell getting the 24,000 Fillmore votes is ridiculous. gers, valued at $35. They also saw the checks, but onDemocracy of all stripes, are dead against a tariff,, Kb g snd Slowey who succeeded about a fortnight ago..while Lincoln is as resolutely in its favor. In thisin tracing the Colonel to a hotel in Fulton street, where thev lost sight of bim. Recently learning that be,w&8 in Brooklyn, they repaired thither, and yester- day afternoon while walking along Myrtle avenue they saw apereon in advance who answered the Colo-notorious that the so-called Bell Clubs were organ-ized throughout the State, whose officers were violent Democrats, for the Bole purpose of making thissell. Hence the Bell Convention was composed,ofanything else than Bell men. The few who weresuch, willirgly adopted the Breckinridge pro-gramme; but it is quite certain that the voters thus it was a joke. The checks aforesaid were prodaced,contracted for cannot be delivered. unmistakably sure for Lincoln.New-Jersey isbut unfortunately for the Colonel, the paoers did not have the effect of checking the officers in their oourse. Be was conducted to Police Headquarters and accom. roodated with a ce'Lthat this discovery is. a reality.. I have thereforesome inspectors attempt to perform their d utywas freely*- »«*-'<.>*<«^^ -^^ :-«-A* J. • &283S/ ':cape, and the accused was foirod;%mlfy 4 »«**. gated by the Fire Marshal. '•-.'•^ -,.>.*...i,.'.-,;*^ •.«-*•***trial is irpplieS for, and win probably be panted.Jersey born negro while on his dray in the street as a fugitive from Virginia. The man is fifty Years old, and has been driving dtayhem/or 36 of there.Jn hie preliminary operations he was verycarefulL-%••••(<.*.;; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com ..••.*