 .that which be bad much to say about what his fatliar dU,.jww»KwouUle«l «e notttat. « »•»"»«-^ll»,ttwouldKxiailwpUeeto»i««lKr'Tbera mu«t an loaf be wv la Baroi*-*'*" »vUekItalyudHuBfWTwfflunite •» "f!^*?" ^ ,.._ ,Mew OMaaHa KegwiMlfe Tllua aaHWrBMarpHae-lUhM|bue*«sNe«fc ___i>Ooraia—atlatry- OmiufUdemM^tkeMem-Tee*Timet.«ITT «MHriBOkAo or ALDSKVair^"»*» nawAns »on raa nananow aa tarnOw„ known*^tntOom. Tl» itam UoalT luUed for a wUle. Altar aU. tbam am bat tw» ,id..—ProlMt"""" »<1 Catt-Her Uaieaty's conMiMt^Aoflen^tlir«aclflabbr relanrofSSsteiv&eH»a>eC4»ty«|W^ di,B,2±^'^£* LeaaamttraiijiarlttBa* T^thna •eeaatoaatthe t>alanoe of tbe budgetbut your Majesty, who sobay. St Helens is apromlaent peakfinalm*Yours truly, Talpauiso, Dec. 20, 16£9.; to widen Robin son-street to conform to the streettlielrdead.;$164,406 37,jiliiiiii9M|9iii|iiiii|iio( T^nraMl, *» little raeudns- was iatended to b«—eiga ships as well as etkera, are te be laduded. Tka wwe a gteat maay apeotetora la tbe lebky vrhea tka ExpecMTcaaa, Tbe amoaut of waiiaata___^ —.r*' ** poMibl« <» tta« gr——Pa»d.>I was fflwl to «>b««>^^ for one, tbat Her Mi^estr hadpr«ciuamai» tk»tXotat —a3,3aa,asr a»CoD«nmpcto*. OoDTuTa^Addlt.tt* *rt«ch Emperor may, Mlrttk ow policy, chained upetltioofrom themaaagerioftke Nartkweatem AmountlatheBuieiuofCoUecUoaof"emberiaid wen dowtreiaary.The SoaHiem Railway from SaaUago Is completedana referred ta theThe left told, eitlnsui»bedofoughtTax Levy for lest, according to tbe appareat footing of the tax books, exteaaed aad added uadcr directloa of the uea^wraWeek Freeft-asitemal- fivtapplied,eodlagU.lMibliagbf a (tm mere Mombllng McondeT. Earl Fniwii,-:YearAmount refunded for pay-$108,OH 9«UH U—a^p^^and, after all, what la elicited or said on theseof duties DO] ght have 'or Its result a disturbance inof Coplapo, Is the buyer. 8ke makes ker usual trip^ of the C^ast"be committsd to the Department of Finance, aad not to the Supervisors aa heretofore. Yexatlons errors.he says, are caused by the practice of having the taxes extended In the tax books each year by persoai notpiece,appolaa-Ow Tittut" baa not created a Frankenstein, which It la unable to Ull or get rid of.tatai ifmay be to have recourse to the slaking fund, especially as a measure of precaution, aa a check, He and as aa otjstacle to the Increase of ex|>enditure, itFinance.A report in favor ofmeBber, and waa he not eke a Colonel, until theDoka of CAHBaoGi, who would have caused theGoarda to retreat at AliBa,was nominated In his stead ?Tbe knowledge that the Lord Mayor of London Is alUeman, la in itself a clrcugiatance to appal the cial conditions1859.$5U2,356"UBtverse—worse than any raw recruit." And i haveInsuranceCompanies,have beenEirBi.L sot a immediatelytween ground teelh aa belSRstolen.of the &ct to Capt Poaixa, and claimed of tkale^eet to eases of Tioleaee and cruelty oa board of American ships engaged in the traffic batwaea thia country and the United States. Tbepfctare, be regretted to say, had since been cob- iManhty ihirkced. aad acts of gross and cruel mur- '' bad baaa added to the catalogue of crimes. A fewdaya after the address was occurred the ' presentedthe sailor Amoaio, who died In theIt is far In advance of that in Regent's Park la Loa- don, which has the BrltlBh Government for ita patron. You will find there the aidmaia of the East Indiapriated by tbe Government for the four Sisters ofeveiy suit brought In otir Ckiunty Courts, to be prepaid by the plalntifl'. it would go far towards the support of the Courts, and would at least place a portion of the burden where it properly belongs.In conclusion, tlM Comptroller offers his eongratn- lations to the Board of Supervisors for tlielr success- ful managemeat of the affairs of the County dtuingtbe Their efforts, he says, towards the past year.economical admtalatratloB of tbe County Government,will meet the of ail good citlxens. approvalMany reforms can doubtiese yet be made In the management of public affairs, and in making them the Board may at all times rely upon the ready coopera- tion of the Comptroller.The Commltte on County Offices reported in favorexpected that onrOovemment will protect the contrast. As American citiiens, the members of the Commiasisa are entitled to proteetios, and undoubtedly can n*d> a claim for damages for being ei^elled wltkoat tkn time guaranteed by treaty to dose ap Bislr busttfss. Perhaps this Is the reasoa that tbey do aat raMliAmericanjurisdiction; but,aa he had died at Liver-tentlonal, doubtless, of your Albany correspondent.to tbe action of the State Medical SocietyOf the Americansuch bills should be paid. Tbe report was recom- mitted. , , ..^ „fa the senate"_^^^ It U here that a of tk» OsMlta-hospital VtAtawpool. Upon the Inquest a solicitor appeared e«ftBmrtof the American Government, denyingCommonreportedportioato attack Msasttsn, s«*'Council are fices and suppliesrequiredof-tional U oa Ite armyinillcted in the course voyage, the jury could bring In no other vor- d'ctthan'Foundaead."" Andthatwastheresult '"luoat. He would not trouble the Housefrom such anCounty ex-Messrs. Kmnixsr and Davis opposed the report, the ground that althoughpotriia eoaaequence ofM the injuriesas well as VANwi.k * "cltal of thesew«? frequentBall Up!tie Iftv-Ttrk TimeeThe action of the Sooelty was thisTke Committeeand theby the Mayor Clerk of saidof tbe Messengershe had noun&r'clrc,';;'".* lon», no ^6,2^"' and EnelandThe only appropriatiOD for County objects andofgreat andvlo-vehemently,;protostagainstthepetty,contemptiblereferredtotheCommitteeforpublieatlonInthe madepriorto10.19.whichremainedun-x-tobyCapt.Curry,amountingto$28,fordlimerafortheChancellorship.'",.'"n•'a-"m"*e-'??jSdSeWnS-mljui of wwdm.h«rtK>r WLMie Sone U la ^gw Awee,S £It 1» to the Napoleonic iitt»riKU$ are, we areaireed opon tbeapon wUch thewu refwlred Committee ea Finance.TazeeDee. 31,1898The amauat of the GeneralrmaexteruleiUH,n.Poor Captain Ha«»iso» of the Cr«r JBeslem 'baa biles a Tlctim to thoughtless temerity. He was will be understood that it ou^h'. aot to be resorted toCkarton the extreme point of^little steamer CMBes with creditlaattc between two and three hundred times has been drowned, comparatively speaking, in a ditch. This Isseen except at low.water, and when there is a heavy swell, and then only ai>out every quarter of an hour.Resolutions to widen Broone-street, on the south-erly side, from Laurens to Hudsoa street to eor>fonn; it Is doubtful if tke —a very imposing one when Oe Fund builds it Celttext, and who write and say that she Is(loaned aad fated and unlucky. Of course casual- the public expenses.made latnt laoeumblDg at the newa of his beloved Captain'scannot vary from It except with their previous con-:lOQSios tstaeAiaoaat I>e- lODsiag todaath, was touching in the extreme. Out!the dcnble signification of a political demoastratlon againI •••*sent 3. He must deliver the work finished in tenmontha from the date of tbe order of the Court 4.The amount yet unpaid him by the Company is to be had been received at his office during the month of prcrkmijesn.the d st fool In theof the Court SupremeCapt0Meroceo. My old friend DauxHoss Hir, late Consul years have weighed upon the financial services of theComptroller Is happyaggregate propertyas the basis for State taxes, at $533,903,476, which is leas than the aggregate valuation by the County Assessors by $19,105,266.FKIS AND COKPaMSATlOH 0» CeCUTT OmCKBS. In tbe opinion of the Comptroller, all officeia whose salaries are paid trem the County treasury, sluiuld,to whidi ba waa eatitteddoobt but that be Is so.Nothlag dedstve aa yet In the unholy war againstto tbe wdnderfui fertility of the country, this favorable condition has been establisned amia compUoatlans, wars, dearths, crises of ail f'escriptlons, which for fireJane Boyd, lost rudderDanish bark Danmark, forWm. from Monte- Parington,Assessors, created under the act of 1859, (chap. 312,)protwstlonofTangiera, la said by the excited Spaniards to be MMag the Moors. Every evil office is attributed toBremen ship Watgen, for repairsHoward, do.; American barit VTiuatngtiin (AlstonTke Londonwith the Spanish army think the Moora very fan-•tleal, absurd and bart>areus, for defending their own will not be in;Carson, from Peru for Liverpool, to take in water.1880, to John H. Tobitt, the lowest bidder.that the' threat waaas ao one kaa any Ida* batKagland.newspqier correspondentshasty,longaaO, Uvea and property. I do not It is war to the will maintain the good state of the finances t—so far as receive a fixed practicable,compensaticmoccurrences, but there occurred only on the 14th of January:signed appears to beBoard,ftrightployed. The report was adopted.A lengthy debate arose out of a report in faver of0°4^Py"«»<«d thejnri«dlction",^°V,.''PP«ared{}.St"tb"Dr!n'^ra..ubUbbSalSe natea were Ameri.""' Bench. SmbadMBmlttedairofe.'.V''^""''"^Supervisors for 1839, waa Total.^noj g^^,-^that If "Ppu the high TWawiMataa had been t.i.»n,eS"li ."hiTK""' £?"'•for theamount there was deducted from thebut a la^e?In the of New- reor accounts tor the delay la settlingSS. Wt^iftan a fe?^e"=fjuaUy, for having discharged the siuS ^1,"'<">*"iadtfiDlteiy pesiponed.port of Common SchoolsThe Board aJjoumed to Monday,at 2)i P. M.to aay that were theysum ofAmount iacloded In tbe Gen-eral Tax Lew for 1659, forofcharged against them, but It was a veS^ .PJ^?TM"'credulous people Into a useless ex- A VICTIM.$25,000eagutityfact tbat a smile passed over their faces \f^^'=?i''aetioa in the matterw"', ^y ,„,noa-jurisdlctlonoftheCourtwasestablished3,314,8*198"?;, t"he pr Pr^**"waa no doubt ertaaes waaPiRBLogg or Lira at THrrroaD, Vr.— Travis," «"waaHave taepayment of this amount of uncollected taxes, due oato the apportionment of moneys appropriated sup-SatioS,""mbet.bel.^ the q"'TMxs that the Impunity "ttendlng suih „®'® tellingroo«tdetrimentallyuponouroISef la thepurpoees22^« »"*" In » case of great Violence ,"from the Manag-rof at the TM„7<",|","e= p''layJ^t'"lf" '!"«'""weae tmoer American law i could dotTS captain«re. It was known to have run off with three one CesNST, who was burned up—hia horse and buggy, and five siagie horses, ail witliia»u evldenee that the aaM: How I regret 1 am under Brglish law u8Si Women, 77:ehaaa to my men." The»a« aniMiofintemiierate and his family oouid ductions and fraudulent laarriages. He Is la Jail at habits,u males,People'sNational Ths«t«.'""oblige.AtsANT, Friday, Feb. 10, ISflfcVINDE.t.onCity Account tbeYork for 1660 is $207 Committee f<nanythlnit American Chamber of Com-;and put in He claimedeke out their3,3<l«,7'!2 2Sbest course in to_parsueOx^h^lithi^^"'TSeaoMeMtTva'-SaaralarTar SlatlsatfloriePcoaraenloKrattraDKaaa or rrrmma —i>«HATxoastoowtraow-AaKln.wasaaitaiwl»elrtaluk»sl«»» g?"-,iid i>«ap«tlsi».of tb« most tairolT«d deseriptloa. Not tbat in oMttass ef tataraalioaal legtautlom. •»<« "^IT"*" eaitemj oOceraI wiMaitAXtJOUUMBMT. lurt99itinm^nrond br friendtynauMto prereDt a roptan penthemotioawith Morocco. At the saa« time. It It pretty eTtdent !ajme;e^rd^ tUor>.aa laidrdouraebsts latsot yoeiamr, he tmniAdlalelT tae regtsterv."Fhe a^ooat$a,aa2,ar8 or reoeipta durlna the rear, aa above4* »« '"**-r- * '* 4|<noa»s*M:1 NiBinMunuuinMafiMiiiiJbytber«sult,Ui*.ttbevoiosofSasljuada.tpr«««Bt lia« bat uuie tzifla^nce Im tbe cooncUa of otber om-ffcat tbe Importatloa of Bittlah coal and Iron will nottnd "to draw *UU clnertlie bonds of friendlf alH-MM between thCm,''-tbe two countrlet. Tbere li^^Tintinif ID eiptnenxd liwrtroftlN HUM mn-A.eer^oaaMrmbeereeeaUyeeowneJ(mVsldlvt^.mt placeaairooi-ailla^aroa»dMaiUaeB-aqaareiraB.was...Aad the amooat M expeodl-tnrti for whichwirruitTtitsft TouttioM. UvM«j«it7toacbedbutrerygln^rlyonpreseated ky Akteimaa Pagg, aad referred.Jtjiiimilf aUlaoee. It U a ahame to make the QueenaaiT*aa^i>kleh ianot. It la gratlfrlna to gatlier from Mr. DATT t ii . cCheers.3 Hjs rtckt boaorable friend tn^towards of the sufferers applied relleviag the waataat the EtB-Btreet fire—was laid ever.Aldermaa RvBSsu. otTered a resoletiea dlreetlsi^ Itliecat^edK>ant of taxes re^mlalaa iiac*l-$86,855 14 •1.874.iar £3wteM^&a vr lesa ema ItS, wasaaaUews«ar Isal mMkl...UllT. Ihm XaMhoBonble K««Uom«». Dopirmioat wy»« itn 10 iniw KiioitiiB!jijjorMjllllOa aecount at OeaeralMH- iMremedy eifaged tn draw- in India. Surely this figure of ing up the draft of a ooaveaUoa for the purpose of,.but when It was ratlAed, F^)v«lsa-officB papilB, as he trmsted it mlgttt be soon, do time would be lost (tke Care of Harmony of Paddy OaxxH. Well, tbe In bringing in a bill wltfa'tfae view of attaiaing aa ot}-Desrartsseat.Tbe Committee oa AsaesBmeau reported la favor of^tosclk-was ef the Convention after a night of tnaplratloa pruiclpla:deced.The system of decimal aieaxarasCriticisms have recently been emitted here from a naval officer on the charts of Firsaor, ia relatloa to tke waters In aad about the archipelago ef ChUe&8U Aadrew'a Church la (Roaaaa Cauwllclpeec^tmsptleofItabadatyle,waadulyresponded jectwhichallmustdesire. [Hear,hear.]Ftnaaeea ef Fraaee<The Moniteur publisheg the financial report ofH. Miaaa, the Minister of Finance, to the Emperor,of which the following is a summaryAfter atattag that he will restrict himself to giviag«nfceeiiei iif iiileii riilliiiiiiiliite'balk Hooaaa. Tke rery apeecbea that were Mitf»rit(ltlMTebeea eeiUjr utlclpeted by a keeatlS,6S}J75 M The amount of rbmisaiona and abateaMnts daiiag tkemlBOrer of the address In the Lorda waa followedhad righttomakethedaoatkn. Hemovedtkat anyiiiilnii Amuin-gaii e safprliclple|t,Tll9NIT '•,8S3,aet e4M,4oesttransport, and wtjlch will be so profitable to Industry, may therefore be put Into execution without delay.tbe year chargeable Fondmorning copyand credit tkeTo resume. Sire, the era of peace Inaugurated by tlie programme traced in the letter of your Majesty to the Minister of State opens under tbe following finan-that would l>e needed, and that is rags, llow-«now thansince an Italian house has of late been purchasing at a cent a pound to ship to European markets. Ma-Message The^'* "^apply;reasonably desires to shield our iinances against any te-day to the South.Taarjjua*, Satnidar, I>ee. at. I8S«. Thie Government has ordered, in cmeee of doubt ««trt» astotliAcorrectskemKuememtoriiiseiilii.ta»ttkecitr Tnuvr.la Geaeralg.4to,i*i >t-$3.a3a,a*i aa •saMaaaa t*^to tbeBiKiadLonlTtoteveTe equally inaudible. Thea a summary statement of general results, leavlag the«aae Ueid Daaar'a oration, aa a Batter of courae. In details to other supplementary doeamenta, M. Maaaa even, are reported as aot laid down at alt Surelytha donations ao to t>e applied.After a long debate, the subject was laid orver. Alderman SaAoaxac said he believed there waa acommunication from tlwAmount taxes.of diaoouate«ife0 Heaaeof Ceaoiaaona, Mr. 9t. Acbtm made a re- deals as follows with the Budget for 1861to your Majesty's orders, I forwarded that...3T,aaa^;aii(alitii lUtml, and waa aneceedad by Lord HairuT, soAmcecotridmiensgince to the Council of State the dooumeata expectedIt,-wko waa tame and poor enoogh. Then, of course. In 0tM ttaM Ur. DiaaAau made hla speech, just suffi- •iotlr eplcad with opposition to snlt the purpose In View. And If this be not all a farce, or wordy, long-necessary for preparing tbe Budget of 1861.These dociunents allowed us to foreaee aa excessof receipts of about 3,000,0eo francs.The Emperor, desirous to promote national produc-tion, and to place Induetry in more advantageous coa-Mayor reading:Ajnout of taxes on real es- tate for tbe year 1858, fransmitted for colleetlonwMedaation, I am no true Judge of the artificial fornulaa of of internal Improvementa, In the number of wUch ma'terof the Macedaatan in 1821.tbe day. Erery seialoa the apaeches became langer, figuieathe abolition of duty on raw materials, and oa The Americaa ateamer Polyneeian has i>eea sold.QBtn at lengtb tbe newspapers will be unable to hold some articles of large consumption. The reduction She will go uader the Chilian flag. A Mr. Moaaao, The Board adjourned to Monday.InflictloB upon tbe time and patience of the dlUoaa of has conceived a vast competiou,dream too. But aeproKrammcCroton Board, aad Dr.MLaelwoinseyH. Commissioner.compeleai peraoa kaa yet taalad the prodnets of Ike Mt St Helens diggii^a wtik saf- fideat care to justify a rush. Tbeae new «i*ggi^- Tbe amount of^personal taxes settled fa 1859 are a very few miles aorth of Saa Fraaeiaea^ 4kaamount of interest accrued and to Preoeb, who are said to have a great respect for that Tbe deficits of former budgets are reduced firom chinery for tbe mill is said to have been already accrue, chargeable te this Fund, paya-to and assessed for taxes. The ta- followingDeduct" 6S«.W»,(,<i«f. to 600 OOO.OiiOf. ordered from the United States. Probably it will 0» ble as fnllows myalerioos personage, Ulor maire de Londm." For The budgets of 165:), lhS6, 18S7 are balanced with- an excellent move if judiciously managed. There is J»n.3,lH6pfile rest, all the little undersized gentish fellows seem out a deficit. no competition save ia imported paper, while theto have been first inspired with martial fury. There The budget of 1858, though deprived of all foreign amount of printing done, to mention that item alone,:waa one at a public ball the other who aid, and charged with the expenses of the Ctiinese is very considerable.evening, got war and of public worlts, is balanced nevertheless Mrotion is made of California competing with the has transferred this to the Sinking for$196,940,134 $69,942,297 $266,682,431 187,221,714 65.013,802 252,235,516— HoTemeata ef the CoBsdtatlODallats Kailbetween my legs (I am not a giant) and nearly upse' of Chile for the with a surplus of receipts of more thdn f.i2,(K)O,00O. producersIfae sole represeatatlvB there of the service to which milliard, is already reduced to f.TSU.wn.oOn, and barley.market here on the surplus Fimd, the redemption of the City debtCapt* Faculties.grainme la a waltz. The creature was in full uniform— The floating debt, which threatened to excee<l one Immediate coast—that is to say, supplying Peru with He says that in view of the large amount of City1642IS431844184518461847IMS1849 197,741.919 1850—he balonged. Between 11 A. M. and 3 P. M., in Lln-!i: frc-placed in presence of available resources which will,T'.e imiwrtation of 200 barrels of tallow Into this market from the Un'ted States is mentioned. It wasstock issued and to tie Issued for tbe Central Park, new City Hall and other purposes, it was wise on the176,513,092 61,292,559 237,805,651 164,955.315 64,273.705 229.2-29.081 171,937,591 64.789,552 236,727,143 177,207,990 62,787,528 239.995,518 183,480,534 61,471.471 244.952,605 187,315,386 59,837,917 247,153,3()3 i93,02'J,076 61,164.451 254,193,527eaial Ian Fields, a quaint and amusing sightf. 700,000,000.but has not found sale.Assortedliefcety and of every conceivable de^'ee of awkward-eaa, may be seen armed with eld ship muskets, drill-ing and skirmi^biog atnoag tbe laurel bashes. A current ar'd eitraoruinaiy dtnmuc'swasFor the nine months of this vear, en ^ing Sept 30, it was438,9<)i, to whichadiing in i^ine pro- portion (or the three monihs remaining, tbe whole207,146,176227,015.856253,278,.384294,652.795330,564,452336,975,ii66 150,022.412 486.99S 278 the threat iras made because Gov. Pxsqdtssa did not 340,972,098 170,774,394 511,740,192would cer.ainly imagine them to be lunatics. clot-ed at Parispears thnt the timewithin a tbort period, reduce it to belowThe Tiea:.i]ry Bonds^ wiiluh In I8S8 had reached theof thepart Legislaturenot to permit portion of anyFrom Our Own Correspondent. Maosalikx, Sonora, Thursday, Jan. IX, 186ILEastern received the last mail from papers bycents,questlyto ll)eseen. Some seventy or eighty '>?.nls- fiCTjre of f. 345,(10(1,0110. non ."canvly amouat to t, 13j,- pire lumber is wanted. Turpentine ditto. Copper vrrud to other objects than the redemption of thetera,BMStofthemshort-sigbted,aodm^Dyofthem tOflor>o,andth>;inicres',Ureduce!from4to'JS*.Tne Treasury, despite the conri Jerabie rei.nnurse- mtntswhichit hasalreadym&deonfloatingdebt,Cliy debt"The estimated amount of recelpte for 1880 willexceed those of the vear. probably pastIn to the income derived from the Croton regard58,455.224 256,197,143 78,939.240 286,085,416 93,095.002 320,110.859 98,490,042 351,768,4;6firHis Itselfm a pu^ition to provxie fur all the ordiuaryof Guiaaa South Islands, those tnCharity who serve in the iiospltal of Santiago.The news from the South is that the ladlans are held In check, but that is about all. It Is now certain that they laid siege to Arauco, so that for four davs and the arrival of more troops by sea was exceeding welcomeas well as opportune.Tioian Paaia RosAua has been appointed Inten-ofdente Concepcloa.(or me accouat^ A'i:h hji ari-nuut in hand ufwhich Is It now JVater rents, annually increasing.119,034,138 413,686,933 131,721,338 46i,2S5.7Mthanks to '.he wise of aad If, foresight your Majesty,to state that the Board of StatereportGovernment tbeas a United States oacer oa beainess ef Un 6«*an-ment Poaran at onee tiueateaad ts bemk>td Captthe city, and prepared ta carry fala flireat Into afieb It U thoaght by most of the Americaae la BsMtaandYour commeree, reaching, as it does, to every quar-of the Globe.ter of the Globe, will enable your merchants,comparatively small coat to make aad keep upfrom every quartertke inhsbitaoU .were ia tbe greatest strait ;countryIn DERLTW. oa reportinstitution,plants.regard theor would be better to resort toadvertis-to Vesey-street, and thereby entrappingA communication was received from tbe Superla- tendent of Public Instruction, stttUig Ujat the totalto thenation-^me being in favor o(few extra dimes, toper cent dividends, 1 1some more creditable practiceing a falaehood, b> thirty or forty differeat cara, fromFifty-alnthnnstirplcloai 'and|pendittire of time aad money.Jan. 1, 1859,'?«''JL',,ue,the minority over to their views. "J^"J^i be takeaAjtDlearafrom correapoadent;ap- is not far distant when the simeState, are we not justified In hoping that with peace,and with the same prudence, that the general pro-gress will not be stopped, and that the sacrificeswhich are about to be imposed upon the Treasury infavor of agriculture, of commerce, and of industry, A rumor has prevailed that UauajrarA and GaaoTA,kaMb OB both aide*. The Spaniards accused tkeItoaMof fHoelty. In Spanish eyes, be it rememker- The Central Park Zoological Callectloa. Rome.«ti'*' ftiilaaliiil Engllahmaa or American is aa ac- Lust ib Ren, Mich., Monday, Jaa. 34, ISOe. I Jaw and laSdel, aa bad aa aay of their Moorish T» the Editor «/ tJu New- York Timte :$14,000 on bottomry, for repairs.Pauso, a polltlcail offender, owner of mllli at theSouth, and sentenced to ten years In the penitentiary,therein should be fixed at a rate sufficiently high to pay tlic salaries and other necessary expenses inci-M be hoped tUadoaa- ment will net be spread before the eeaatty.And yet aoiu of ua__^__Owtraiee •> Beard AaterleBn Ships.withTbe writer of a of Old tbia, merchant, whilomaCoal Company for coal furnished the County, amount-CittaUeSpalB.made bia Ha scaled the wails ky driv- eaeape.to such oflSces so far as practicable. Tills practicesympathizeand the kill of Norman for McLeod,receiving compeaaatioii*fairs and Interior, the latter of War and Marine would soon resign ( It is doubtfuLthe next lowest bidder, waa $2,0I>4. The award waa confirmed.Amsterdam, hu noticed with pleaaure a aiovementinyour great metrepolla to establish a collection of an- ing nalla as he climbed np. He has sncoaeded in get-ing$505 20,furnished to the County Jail, ameanting toimals In your new Central Park. It may be an en- ting couragement to your merchants to be told that theCountyIn the House of Commona on the 27ch nit., Mr.K. Mii.na said his noble friend at the head of tbeForeign-offlce would not be surprised at his rising to ed by tbe merchants of that city, is a better one in ev- Franct forthe (heatres. The cost is reckoned at the aak what elbet had been given to the addresa of Uila ery respect than Is to be found in any of the great sum of $291,170; and speculators are Invited to takeI ireaated to ker 2d of bold.Majesty on the August capitals of Europa, not excepting that in Paris, and Eight hundred dollars have recently been appro-pendituresthat 1 ,500 copies of it be printed.zoological collection in Amsterdaas, which Is sustaia-It is proposed to bring out a new opera troupe fromAmerica,othersn He gtitorI—vii»ki ? *tnerlcan mates of the bark Anna were Bat on Saturday and Sunday last the ball was Gooswn, who made the report to the Society at this tion shouldl^""!S_^bichWlftt St'"" *•>« magistrates of the Isle of notandAPPBOPBIATIORS.'"The majority party i«,t"o=%f^i['%e'"e^o.Tf mustered sufficient courage »''*^_r;j.>,Ki, (Ibs*'"» to death, having putup,earnestly, yea,wasacceptedby theSociety,pajlnr a bill, the correctness of which was certifiedpur- It^at the Central Park. And Iwere Dra. Jons and HaxiLToa,^^^JTTM::appointedsession.last yearThe reportvery be bad.ton correspondent of the Newark_.cruelty"'^ sailors between America swindle, practiced by the Sixth-avenue Railroad Ty-aneactione. The adoptloB of the report was ob-ofthe discussion would occupy too much tbe limitedtime of Your corresooadeat inadver- the Society.tently erred when he stated that the whole subjectposes, the Charter Blec-since Gov. Oltksibk sent in t11h15e' oj^^ngiana, „,A genUeman, *tT„ ,.o°nhe-half the whole erew. Company, ol placing a placard," Bal! up," in their jected to on tbe alleged groundperdedrecOBstrucUoBOflheCouii<vJall,lnaaa^lat $25,000 oetion Messrs. Kznnanr and Biost thought ao day.for confi'inaUon byIt has us vet been talsen. There is a rumorabmadtwenty than that of. toIt ,at a a fulla't Is said Gov. PasunasA has authorlasd.''supply of aU animals which are desirable in suchnoBgefiertke junrisadiction of the Court, and saying, collection, and If a small charge la made to each visi- the Revolution, died recently. SOUTH PACIFIC. and use of several of the County C^onrU andway upfrom thence enter Sonora. Tbe few AaaailoaM Ma*not wtthout acQteneis, " That It was an Americantraaaaettoa on board aa American ship, and withwhich BO one but AOMrieans had anything to do. Ifttey had killed the man tuen and there the case mighthave been one of murder or manslaughter within even with a very small charge to each visltar.have no confidence in the reporttor, the collection might easily be made ieU-aaataln-"m^mZmThe vast influxTbe State Medical Seeiety—Carrecttaa* lb Hu Miner rf tke Kew-York Times :now have a mail ftom herataT *ye regularwy'*raadan it acertaintythattheIncomewouldbeverylarge,of visitors to your City"Ing.Useful animals could be disseminated over theter,annual and occasional approprlattoUH shall bewhere a connection Is mads with tkeIsad MaU Company. Wkea It Is known Oatm*thirty«cloatStit^nwO^M«W^iL "W-W«local Qfrgnna aew Bieaaaremeata. An thla refers to lickt-kenae.w llc -'a-M-r-<»t PnoMeatoftheof hla honorable 'rt«id. the Houae"hen tkat ad- mea^n aauada aa If It were detlgaed le ga baek efmet last eveniag. during tlie waaA. resoiiAtloa dU^ctlA* tike Street femilMlrteoi t« Balavob IK ¥ByaeaTrm,M^MWWT,—Aboat fifty dweiUa^ were iMuaaed, la- ikCttMrdil Tmir wUlt Ptum. I im ayd were seat over, and negotlailooa ooadneted here. He eladlBf public oRcH.^jff.oi-.a.rit't^^^^'sr^iS:tke Baath.It has rec«atly beea proposed t* epea weUs ta va-itoiuMcUoDaeftUitowB,foruaelaeaieafiie. Tkeforeign Insuraace Coapaaiee kave decliasd sobserib-tevrarda tne For this the a»d expeaee. pspera°o^firroie necordlD^lr to Lord L.T011B oa tbe subject, and received an anawer that, hi the oplaloa of tke Aaeri-caa Ooyenunent, negoaattoni could wt be latraited to better haada than thoee of the able aad eallghteaed representative of tke United States Im tkls «M*aatrT.ktag the CoaptroUer to draw his waivaat (br ai,0«e laTkey pSemd waat of antkorlty from tae ooinpa-the EmiMror of China. I do not be well aa every man tatOiat Haase. aad, ao doubt, every alea. Tbe atotto seeoss to t>e, that Lasuranca Compa- $l,oe« for the detactton ef the murderer ef Wak 8.Dee. 31, 1848, wasOf this tbere was InClerk of the haada of theArrears, (arrears of taxes tm real estate amountlBg to)spsailfTirHH •gliaia'a ^nwcll. tliat " moderate demapds" an to had slBoe liad Interrlews with Mr. Daixaa. Tkeyas fault.Mayor « anthorlaed to •ffer a reward or It was laid over.(10,000,The Board confirmed the eleetloa of Joha Decker^iad* tqion mesM war; but itmuai the BriU«h OorenmientWeek aiding Feb. IS. MM. Week SDding Feb. 11, IM*...maa in Aiaaiiea, were anilow that aoste remedy ahoald be foosd for a state of thlaga which must be riineMag to homaaity. (Hear, bear.] They wereolaa are under tke oMIgatiaa mere tkan private ladi-The iat' ter taaa tke fowerfol exmue, baareyer, o( a depletedto beInrented by one of Lord XAUaaanar'a apnlylna It. It would be premature to ataCe now the ta Raacagua. Rates ot freight have also been re-Tuera.I,IS4,ini 'UWeek Feb. 4JU» eodingand then what are we toTldnaia,or evaa thaa theCityGeremineatADlfpeuary for a denatloa of> FrsBabaetatediaeaae......,that thea at Lyme, N. H., thaton the morning of the 9th lust a dwelling-house ia aerthem part of this State has been published, IsClerks of va- rious Coorte and County Officers, and credited to"WeThetfortf.Vt., was discovered to be oa livery teams,forfeesoftheaad go into operation to-morrow. Jam 1. 186e.is torelievingReade-street frooa aa asaeaaaseat of ^,3eo. for tlie widening of that street by doaatiag the sum ta ques- tiOB to the pastor of tbe church, to be applied to the payment oi the aaseanent.AldenatD Stiaa wu >ot latltfled that the BoardSupervisors, aadstory kaa aa apocryphal sound. It would hardly t>«5ieae,«eo7}aawmlnaaaraperpetiiaay aaaoaaoed?Koos Car a maa to pan aay porttoa of Us ssUCapt fectively performed.Fmaoi'a work kad beea so de-; Car de,tt "gtrea tbeeelarinlta plew stands stUI In aie (anew, amltKtm.Don Maaun Caxvallo has sailed for Fraaee ai Chilian Mlnlstar, He is to advocate the cause of Chili in the question, referred to the King of Batgium for arbitration, with the United States, aiiiljif from thedesk,by the Clerk of Arrears. CouatyTreaaurer darlogA paper-mill is about tieing commenced here. BKansTsit and McGiix are tbe names of the persons connected with the scheme. One article is abundantBalance dueenoughfor BaUncebeThesessments, for thecrease in the valuation of property within the countyever,superabundantformerly,majoritythe elecUon of a Haltedforvaluations the the law can very easily be repealed. GLABCTS.FEOM .«ONORA.these are lessadvertising, TTbichieavesDemocraticIn ourat INoiferedisquotedat$1950thequintal. Theexportofcopper in 1658, both bars, ores, and regulas, the latter re-dored lathe calculation to pare copper, quintals.626,028IS5I 1852 I8S3 18541856 IS57St Louis appear to tie in a fog respecting Capt Poetbk's rearonsfor threatening to bombardGuaymas, The Tinss, In a long article, conveys the impression thatstrangerIn the Temple Gardens, at various hours, otber awk- f.251,C(XI,C00 in Bpr. :o. a.ii' f liO.Oli(l.;r '•!.» ;ior/e/>uii.>. export for 1859 will be 585.321. This is a failing off will, without any increase in the very moderate rates 18S5yesi(:rdayward aqnads of Templars may be seen exercising, to Tbe taxes and imttrc-ct louif-es of revenue follow a progressiva increa>o, which tiie most serious even's tke admlxatl'on of the servant-malUs and children, scarcely affected, and show, S4iice the commence-0140,707.The Bolivian pxport on the other hand has Increasedfrom 44,323 to 57 .'Ol i|uilitals.RAvoa SiLv.v Eixaao has t>«en appointed ChilianConsul In Loudon.The Chili saan-ofmar EemeraUa, in ker late voy-charged for such rents, yield sufficient revenue to pay tbe interest on the eatire cost of the Aqueduct aad other works ctinaected therewith, including the ex- pense of repairs and superlnteadence of tne same. The communication was ordered to be printed in the minutes.BOARD OF SUPERYISORS.—THE PKIRTINO OF TH« BOARD BILLS TO Bk PAID—THB COHPTBOLLIR'S AlfKUAL EKPOaT OT352.343,033 168.216,449 520,559,4'i2 368.346.:"9I 162,847,994 531,194.290 379,110.530 172,971,192 552,061,722annual report of the State As.sefsorsjuit published, the aggregate valuations oi real and personal property of the whole State, aspermit the much-noted party of Capt Sroins to return and ctmtinue their sarveys. Such is not the ease.and the wonder of the beadles and porters of that locality. ImagineanoldChanceryBarrister,ofcor-pulent dimensions, crawling on his stomach to obtain aaInskiiouspot-shotatanimaginaryfoe. Twoor three, after a single experiment, have never repeated the praeeaa. Tka drili-aergeants have been so dis- gtatod with some of their troops, especially of the Ghaaeory Bar, that some amusing Incidents have been aanated of the expletives launched at tbe heads oftheir brother sergeants of the Forum. Imagine a TIee-Clianoellor being saluted as " Stupid !" and a Qeeen'a Counsei overhearing bis condemnation be-ment of this rei^a, an increase which exceeds, not compiisiag new taxe», the enormous and truly char- ac(eil>tic figure of 268.000,|iO0f,The special commerce of France with foreign na-tions has Increasad about 80 per cent since the sameperiod.The monetary circuIaUoa has Increased nearlyl,500,000,0i0t., amounting from the difference betweentbe export and Import of metals. preciousTbe Bank ot France has In hand SSI,000,oeor. in specie, and may on such basis extend the circulatloa largely to promote the derclapment of commercial enterprises.The Stock Exchange, remodeled, gives greater guarantees to the public, without depriving transac- tions of legitimate iaciliUes and necessary agencies.1 1619Tbe fecte ate theseEvzu. of the Army wasto Fortage Montt,at the bead of the of ArchipelagovrslgktsPSOm CAJLIFOKRIA.tiaw ««ld DIsctaga—FeiBMal Telegrapkle Feat.fv It'Te•«e,on SO;1 rtet^airaaaIr»r-..TV _,wbiie the amount for 1S57 Is $302,878 91I ballere that the public are beginning to see disastrous attack, and to maintain good order in the The Bto-M* has arrived on the coast, though she wiDEHiHO Ajni xxTxaDiao STRKiTa coiromoH $323,070 30: and ISS5, $186,001 38. It ii be- Rosa. If tke earth' of that subaib shonU prora aathe swindle of the French Commercial budgets, propwt s to compensate tbe momentary loss has not yet made her appearance ia this portA new bank has beea commenced tn Saatiago, caUed the Bank of Chill. tfi70,00e have been sub- subscribed, among 73 persons.Tbe following has beea published for informationtinngkTtmItT'ao far aa it may lult his own designs but no further.At taigth " the TSmas " baa turned ground npon Mr. from an excess of positive receipts If it Is other-description may be conaiderably reduced by 'ull of praelsui ores aa the N^ia people wen itfmt- properTheEmpererla humoring Mr. Cobsht, justsinking fund. AsIobcervedtoyourMajestyinmyreportofDI5T8 IN TUimillT H0U8I8.effort on the part of the Receiver of Taxes. Mr. lag a week ago, there wlU aooa be atUaaiB(«atBaienr aad the Vanchester SchooL jWhy on the wise, the funds which it absorbs cause a deficit in the earth did " the Tana " ever inrest that orator with so budget. That deficit Increases the floating debt, and this latter leads, sooner or later, to \ contoiidation tnestate.The Comptroller again recomaMndi that the eol-aurveloaaly— bataai,fromtbemanufacturingtowns,whenererand tlngulslilngUiepublicdebt,tbesinlclngfundtendstostlUaaa- J. Ross Baowsn, tke Goveraiaeat's speeial sMlgreat an Importance as to telegraph bis speeches, t><r- Rente* ;" Hk»ie»erhechosetomounttbeplatform? lammis- increaseit,witualosstotheTreasury.the Treasury will feel the resource of the by16i7" to have lull effect, thesinkingfund must result ;eveningMr. Thos. Haws recommends a change In the law so as to pro- frtxn San Francisco. About Los aoesa ttngressiveincrease of duties orby economy,Angeleapromiae are beiaf laaa-that is to say, In such case. Instead of ez- Consequently, however exceilent, however advis-1 beg to band you the foUowing extract, taken fromthe of tbe Pacific Steam Navlgatioa Com- Log-bookpany's vessel Clids, viz.;Z>ec.'21—1 P. It., observed the sea breaking veryheavy on a sunken rock wliich is not marked en tkepead operations.able itin preWDCe of an ineritabl* deficit But, as the slak-miles olf shore;it isRumena-head, dangerous,all for relief ftom erroia in taxes, aiq>llcatlonsshould cover the territory betweea Eighty-aixth- Olakofthelittleboat.HewhohascrossedtheAt-esty,whohasthemeritofreestablishingit,wouldIslandofSantaMariaandtbemainland.ItIsnotstreetandHarlemRiver,waslaidover.except those which come clearly within the legal jurlsdia-•o aeeupied about the' big ihlp, that he could notTxaar is ttoaoftheSupervisors,shouldbereferredtothe saldofklstriaLTneBroderiakMonumentFaadIsing fund Is la Itself a guarantee of order, your Maj- only resign yourself to such a sacrifice, even a tem-directwaygoing throughJudgebusyon hisraache, aad nettlac laporary one, la case of absolute aecessityfelt to be a national calamity. Out upon tbe jesty would be happy, 1 am convinced, to keep it inBkTwim THiftvlyftiB^h•arted idiots who preach disaster to the shipliM hare oecnned la ao gigantic an enterpriie as the balldlBg, launching and sailing of such a ship. Capt. Haaames waa a noble seaman. But X trust there are-Within the realm. FiTe hundred good as he.'activity, if it were possible to compensate for the loss to the Treasury la full or in part, either by the pro-ALEXANDER HALL. Santiago Railway Com'paDy, and Taancoo, tbe con-rens-street, aad to extend It to Waahtngton-streetstatement ;foraiana are veryNothing, In fact, la iBpossibIa with the durable peace of which your Majesty holds out a hope in your,to refer to a Special Committee of three tbewidening Grand-street, on the southerlyexpectsprogramme. Economyhasabundant resources ataide, from Broadway to Yarlck-streetDec. 31. less... 22$3,874,137 $3,849,13723 $26,00General Tax Levy for 1869Totalsaaaand of aThe fault was With a view to accelerate the(10)Tots] imoQDtSlvcrand Diteh OphirCempany's" raeerroirato have entered on account of the uniform, as between the Ministries Interested a first annuity of 40,000,000, to be taken from the produce of the loan. the baggy Inexpressibles will hide the thinness of the The part of tbe programme of the Emperor whichmlldaterial legs. Then, la not the Lord Uayor a has for its to render toe means of object perfectof such an however useful it realizing idea, mightof interest on tbe City debt in IBS*: From Croton water rentFrom ail other sourcesTotal $1,224^54130 Amoaut of interest paid dtourtihnigstedan extrain San Francisco in fifteen days after ita arrival at St Louis. Tbe Bulletin is in over tliapoacd19 403,029 7iSunday afternoon.readand in aii. It would be dlUcult to calculate all whichand also to extend Grand-street in width at its then terminus at Yarlck-strest when widened to Caaal-street ; aad tecommand,she nowconfidence in the future may produce.greatfinancial facttilecountry1. No cfuse exists for re- scinding tbe contract, as the Company asks : neitherlike aa France, prepared;;Hoping this may be useful to the public, I beg to with the line of said street from Broadway te Lau- lay It before you, aad remain, dear Sir.ahd ootnrrr. of the amount of taxes the amount of the general tax levy for 1859, and the portions of said taxes beioag-your Ma-Isdlspsesd to let the deal bary Baptlat Missionary to Japa^Tbe recital of the calamity, noTertheless, I am not I shall Dot refer to tke Immense success of the last for payment of forfeits demanded by,either party. pave Centre-street and Twenty-seventh-street tie- loan 01900,000,0001. Under the clreumstaaoes laThe collection; made during the year 1859, by the his the OoUen with a congregatioB by Oets, bloaai^aay,iipaa evil augiira and auguriesIn tka little boat, aad not in the great ship. I should meaas of communication, the restoration of our ca- aink Captain Paowsi, of the Prince Albert, stood a thedrals, and tbe encouragement of art, tbe Empe-good chance of the command now.Tbe enrolled Tolunteers amount now to about 80,-OOe ; bnt of these probably one-half are non-eflectlves, aad aot a fourth part Is armed. Tet to note the rho-doBontade of the English Press, one would imagine ernmentfte whole Continent was in a tremble at the British Obeying the orders of your Majesty, I have for-llaa*a preliminary roar. As you are aware. Lord warded to the Council of State, to be subii|ltted for Spanish-American Statea. It is interesting only as lows:PaumaioH la a gay young volunteer. He is sup- Its examination, a project of law distributing for 1860 showing the expression of an isdlvldual ODinlon. The Amount of Income of the Sinking Fand for paymentCity.Cooaty.!of theCorporation Attorney Genet reported that $27i 71 paid In ten equal monthly Installments, at the begin- January.on account of itacompleUoaror dealres that a sum of 160,0fl0,000f., divided into ofniagTaxes ofTue« of the ye^ 1S&9three annuities, shall be added to the amount annual- ly Inscribed in tbe budgets of tbe dUTeient Ministries. This fnad shall be formed from the available re- mainder of the loan, and from other special sources, such as the sum reimbursed by the Sardlniaa Gov-each month. Any injury sustained from pre-recting the Corporation Counael to petition tbe Leg- Islatuxe for the paasags of an act for the better se- curity oLthe Uvea of persons residing in teaemeatof mariners, further regarding our southern waters To tke Editor of tke Merenrio ::lectioB af tbe tares tie commenced at an earlier period of the year, and that the penalty for non-paymeat be over a longer space of time. He urges thatRiver —we haar that the lea aad aaow region; it bears N.VV. from the outer rocic by compassextendingprovisionsand about and almost la the ef vesaeia between theadoat fnai bar aext trial Mybuild the San Pedroduring£tie*mf refe^nm giveshas been re- cently decided by the Supreme Court, on appeal fromtractortotunnel,Taxes uncollectedOSof Haaar Waan Baaonza's setmona, aad probably 11 lathe Court of first resort.6,646,034 11aahamed to say, caused an unwonted moistness in my wlilch it waa negotiated, coming close after three 2. The contractor must go oa with the work, accord- tween Second and Third svenuea, with Belgiaa pave-•yea. The coxswain, Oodbit, recovering after hours, other leans, scarcely settled, and in the midst of se- ing to the plan before approved by the Company, and ment, were all referred to the Committee on Streets. spective proportions of such collections tielonaing to tura sermon" laatrious preoccupations, the readiness of the public hadResolutions to refit tbe Governor's Room, and to appoint a Committee to examine the State Arsenid, were laid over.the City and County, were as follows ^oeat be-evening.The Orovllle miners, baring voted the 'Feathervious deviations on the contractor's part to be referredto arbitrators, who shall decide the question of factceiver of Taxes belonging to the City, as above stated,Louis on the 30tb of Deceml>er, two full days aftsrwhere it caught tlte stsge^oach. It reached Flrs- baugh's Ferry at 6ii P. M. of Saturday, was transmit-andamountof aswell,andshalldeclarewhat houses.la aa followsOn account of TaxesOn aecotmt of Interest on laxeetions, wasOn account of texesOn account of Int on taxesinjuryrepairs are necessary in consequence. In reply to a resolution of inquiry in relation to the:$6,618,623 96 The amount transferred from the County Treasury to the City Treasury, on account of the above collec-left for the West TheAmong other Items discussed herein the daily Press condition of the sinking Fund, the Comptroller sent I notice recently one on the subject of a union of tbe tn a communication, the results of which are as fol-Totalcertainly history.neverwill be written amongthe$S21,SI8$5,468,195 8448,071 50—5.516,867 34Bulletinfeat as all Its rivals thisbe, events of:So it was great splritesaid not to t>e laid down. She waa not greatly damaged.OntheZOtbof November, two political prisoners, Usatrria and Yallijo, were shot for mutiny. Faaa- cisco BIU.A, sentenced to death for conspiracythe Government in this city, and sentenced tobe shot, has had sentence commuted to five years inpenitentiary, or of banishment as the President may day, Mr. BLun offered a reaoluUen directing that oirect Pisao Rois Amis, same senteoce, samecommutation.Cailo^,struck on aroclL,:$1,433,169,713 1,416,299,837againstGeo. RoBLss, late President of Ecuador, has re- cently arrived at this portAvessel arrived recently ftom Falkland Islands reporis there, on 4th of November, the British barkCOCHTT IXPINDITDalS.At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors, yester-1854 l,36\154.625lIn tbe last annual report of the Comptroller to theCk)mmon Council, it was stated as follows: "It Is confidently believed that a just and proper equaliza-tion in the valuation of property throughout the Statewould operate favorably to the inhabitants of the Cityand of New York, and reduce the proportion Countyof Uxation for State purposes to which they have heretofore far many years t>een subiected," The;toThe Committee on Printing and Stationery reporf-fixed the valuation of la the Coun-Americanvideo for London, loading products of the Islandsprinting and stationery, amounting$180,paid.repairsbrig;.') American abip Kitty,Faups CoTiaaaAS, 107 years old, an old soldier offor theCounty officials. In order to define clearly what are;i American barked in favor of awarding the contract for printing and binding the minutes and documenta of the Board forAUicen, for Honolulu, for repairswhich members of the Cabinet—the former of Foreign Af- of work, waa $1,420, and that ofThoa.H. McSpedon,M. SAJWiai has been appointed Chilian Consul inThe British abip Jaeper advertlaea far a loan of board of witneaaea, amounting to $476, be paid.latelydenthas already in part been recognized byforce, and the Comptroller is aware of no good rea- son wliy it should not be applied to all the various offices of tbe County In which feee are authorized to be charged for services rendered.He waa Into the beguiled$3»-Jpaid.out of therevolution by others, who did not stand to thair prom- ises.ex- for IS59 was presented, and it was directedcoiutry.ofCOMPTROLLER'S REPORT.The Comptroller says that la undertakiag te sepa- rate tbe expenses of the County from those ef tbe City, In accordance with the set of April 15. 1857,— which was aot carried into effect imtli Mr. Haws en- tered upon tbe duties of his office,— much embarrass- ment has been experienced. Under laws passed while the members of the Board of Aldermen were, by vir- tnre of their office as such, also msmbeta of the Boardof which lawa are stiU In force, the 8n- Snperviaora,perriaors are authsriied to fix the salarine of many City officials and to perform other acte In relation to affairs of the Corporation, and oa the other hand the(aror ofthe Police Cowgaiialaaen—the Boaey to beOuoaltlee 4IateaiieiM« IMirlomTrem's l| ttaUsrasaUoatmibmr ee deaOH lajiia nj with «b* aMBV-ExpensesordinancesofI notice in your issue of the 9th an error, tinin- and warrants are required to t>e drawn upon theof the Society's C^ommittee on the sut>- jeet of Anesthetic Ageacy, Its origin aad aathorship.had consented to thewas controvert-himself as the agent cars, wtien tbe bail Is not up. If the Cotnpaay need a ed to Khom the honor of its origin belonged, and that "rhe amount of appropri>.tions made by tbeeliae whose elevenWaddam, alias Hoyt aa aeeaoat marriages and other rasealitlasCkiunty received A'mountofrevenuesthe subject will bo dispoaed of dnriaa week.thatitto Insert this correction, aadCountyIt was referred to thegoodness Yours,The Prairie du Chien (Wis.) Courier asserts that990 35. Annual Taxes.M Mea,I head, one leg aad one arm only beiag left Mr. C. two months, to say iiottiiDg atMut kis aumerous se- Amount eipeoded during the year 3.382,878 41 tol, 46*. Adulte, 159163; Children ::'J«.1"GeneralBat rem'g unexpended245 Fe- ;to orevent the renre».-i.wtioB"notlive with him.—Bo.fcmVtmrMl.Belvidete.lU.Dee.31,IS59.$e2,a»3jcnpiedhyaMr.Fund" Accoant. iiJUt, 28—$3,3R5,7JJBoys, 21*. ColMed persons, 6,J"" peUtiooUntitled Documentbe $300 paidto John E. Devlin, counsel for certainA. STTBlDav tkatttiotheCityAUerraea twe mareBeard draw* upon the Cooaty Treaaaier,molttilM, effered by ildermaa Tvenr, dlreet-weredrawa. was.42tae vpoa olhiscb sisxposnre....as Ctilef ofthe Rire BaglneerTbe statement ishoali, banka aometliriei ancarered—aay, lalaada, could not relieve such an aasesament it ceuld make ments in errorUsnes 8Aathat lagreat inaeeuraclea. Sunken rocks, reefs a mile loigIts AMD-Tortmkde,eight pointsthere arethe subject be referred to the Committee on Finance. Alderman CoasiLLsaid it bad beea repeatedly de- elded, judtciaily, that althonibthe Common Couacllitfnaus, FaiBOiaoo, Handay,:exhibits the amoimt of such135.833 21 $>42,438 62 In pursuance of the requiremenU of the law, he:Beal Gstate, Pereonml Estate. Total.Feb 1Which leaves1839...18491S4I 186,350.948 64,843,972 251,194,920 Ewell'a llflsstOB to Sonera Rameredthe revenues pledged to the Sinking Fund to be di-la accordance with the decree It was directed that the bill of John A. Gray forbebe having in bis posaession a male thatwas said teThe total amotmtofMr. Tobitt's bid, for a specified amountto supplleaiAs to the Stone Commisshm, one thins la .uilalaAll the members while In Sonora condoeted them- selves properly, and did much to sUay tbe feetlay gotten up against Anterieans by several lilliliiimsr az- pedltions. There are many things in'theeoalra^In respect to the Civil Courts, Mr. Hiws thinks quite objecUonahle to our peoi^, Americans as wsl there is manifest injustice in taxing the peace-loriag as Mexicans. Me suck contract ooaU be aasde la re- eitizta to support tribunals for the benefit ef tbe liti- cannot be gious and quarrelsome. Were a tax imposed upon gard to United States public lands, and It72, boTbe Comptroller's annual reportlawsnow into fumiab aecommodatlonCity expenses," for which, according to the Char-the Common Council," Chamberlain, countersigned by the Mayor and Cierit**Arixona,resty U ratified, a stage line will bepoto*made by properRecorder Barnard $1,353of tbe Common Councif, and what'arepenses," or purposes for which appropriations are re- quired to i>e made by the Board of Supervisors, and warrants drawn upon the County Treasurer, counter-latter in 1653 and 1859. onGoaymaa to soma pabit In Arizona.the conneettoa between the Facias and coaste in sixteen days.To provideon tke Prealdent'i of itasUU mast ts likelyand called for theAlderman Sann louaedlately mored that the Board Amoant paid over to theadjourn, aad the motion was carried. Ayea, II ; nays. fi.the farmers An proepeetlag.» attned aad Soaoiaa up Utdy,huhad kad kdr dy«rThe commoBicatlon from tbe nomination of Peter G.contataed the for Preaideat of theyear35-*,8r6,08rHayor$542 50158 3,774 91to it overwhelming$22,039 34 113,73387—troller,last twenty-one years546.276 47 $678,37753J^tf- Statea Senator to succeed Gwm, at this Sesdoa. Our State ble, compiled from the annual reports of the Comp- law distinctly forbids any such premature aetioa, batat the beginning of tb\i year, was the one for Policemen on duty at the polls oncb^u,t ,^„^aS^t^ta^a^aaeema the Senate, »o^^~,.;3$3,(85,732atstated,S.3SS,MT.... Dedact amount of warraats not piesentM for paymentiof the Boardfor HealthTHE BOARD OF CO0NCILMEN.—In the Board of Conacllmen lastMcSorley peUtioced to be released from the paymentof balance due on certain loU taken for Central Park,on the ground that he had beea allowed, by tke ap-praisers, a 1,561 leas thaa he kad originally paid tbeCity for the ground. Referred to the Committee en Saedwuoartkedof preparing the tax books for the Receiver secret at thisThe following isThe law-suit pending between the Yalparaiso and <ine of Park-place from Church-street to College- ing to tlte City and Coimty respectivelymnchKev. Mr. the Ooroi,place matter of;Tstal AB't.totheCitj.to theCounty.Wfuture Thelaborsthiaweek, by the barkA preamble and resolution were concurred ia, di-6,36e,5tS 88 &.S54.0U 91 2,812,535 41SayreTaxesof thethe2H ordinance relative to rock-blaitiag, ao tkat they under the control of the Departmeat He thinks thatsubject85S..$3,a0!,87a 3,766Balaaee, Dee. 31, 1859Btraaair of ooi.i.KCrnow o» Tjixas.ofplaced la the hands of the Reoetver ofTexas, waaAmount ef Interest en taxes ceUeeteddnttDttbe jeat TotaltheABKwat reaialiiliig mieallected Dee. 31,8,8S8,4« 18S9, as per account of the Receiver ofof the 1858 have t>een reduced to year.paa,'(he3» was $241,652 39. The aacollected personal taxes1856, or THg siNEiHO rDiTD—BioininT roK sisi- lieved that the losi hereafter on taxes of thisRange,andonlytwelve or fourteen mlies fiamSalsComptroller.ACCoriTTs crrraot yet reported onii iii^ aia uncollected Dec. 31, 1856loterent TotalsS0.40«UMremrU68,snd on tszeinuisance,disagreeable emsnatinnn,the City, Dec. 31,returns of the Commissioners of Taxes and As-toVALUATION OK PBOPEETY AS ASSZSSXD rOR TAXgS.lg45 $606,646,095] 1857.1850 727,494.5S3 1859. . ,year1859, show a continual in-Islature are.Accordingtothe fir.-stassessed for taxes for several years is as follows:offor salaries of Court Messengers employed by theof paying to the order27employment thus to act as Su- desirable that some legislative ac- pervisor and say what county officers abonld tie em-Comptroller FiaggOF THE CITY INSPECTOR. yrBaKLT napoai or DaaTHS in rna cirrCOOIfTT or Haw-TORK, From Feb. 4 to Feb. 11. 186«-<'lrl», •''•M ales,:^,'''l^enr.OFFICEto be seen. It isano remains ^—g-3,2»,ll» IIAspaijslB.Boni'd or Beau atrraetora$2,957,2S8vide that such taxes may become a lien upon real miaes of rich:Am't bcloosllis AsB't beloQSlasto leave San Francjaco98 $13,73e,0e3 31$ICI.396.171 33 $3,339.^1189,aW,8»a093,314391;56Feb. Frsss abaelata diseaseReceiver of Taxes, aad Interest thereon, and the re- bride captured la Oraage County, preashed Us "ra-Govemmr, he would, as he did, dliaet Capt Caaa'a for their services, and all fees which they are by law release.authorized to charge for official servtoea rendered by Capt. Porria Issued a kind of prtnmu isiiifsals. In them aad their assistaute should be paid lute theCountyTreasury. Itwouldalsoseemequitablethe variouspuMlc offices should be generally self-.«us- together with maay quite as foolish tldngs. For theIt ms directed that Ore bill ef Isaac Meeerote forIt was directed that the bill of the Pennsylvania talning. and that the fees charged for serriess rendered credit of American officera. It isthatwhen the facts were to Oe aetlaeefthe brengktFbtmeditetlngwot,'. .Jaa.Da yoQ note how, from all comers of "nlifsiriaFrom thepected. Seuth--ths Tnolomae snd Hetcedhas received thement (ef master's mate, aad sails far Chiaa in (heagsat5agiiiat«-4f that CaUfomla-bnllt, snd imirh kn iralsaut.5S9 4S a416.5S9 49 a75.0ao 00 turned out on the niglit of the 9th, aad destroyed tka18.(ni 50 2.33S 03 works to the damage of $16,006 or $15,060.The proportion of the collections made by the Re- yesterday. The President's Message resi^ked lUfor the field •( his.Atga. every Satardarno bad speculation for that paper.Rev. Mr. £,Acv, Coagregatioaallst, who retaraad te53.e8.S58.*94 35 as.0U.613 90 S1.SX9.8T0 45 The Bafietin performed a great feat of telegi ipklBfOverland6,970.652 40 correspondent telegraphed It to Molloy's StaUaa,$48,071 50 theMallBmltehm'eover the wires to San and In Francisco, publishedCaptdispatobed by the Secretary of War to make certaiademands Onhis arrival at Guay- upoa PisoinsKS.mas Capt Foam assured him he had setfled the whole matter—that tbe Americsn citizens sent out of Sonora were to return, and gave his written aplniaa that It was aot proper or politic for Capt Bwma to presenthisdocamenU. Hencehisreturn.At Hermosilio, whUe on his way to Fort Bnehaaa^ some Insignificant law officer arrested Capt Ewsu."'^ Thlswtll iAtiaatls "*Tb« Nlw-J«B8XTCHAi«caLLOBSHiP--TheTn>«-.^(ts°fattributing it to this dl'iji''" "P'?}°?;ri^ 10 briagth*effBrts that are being msde by « 1»not probable thatuntil the Democracy are agreedthat' Tt in Boston, <m a The Octoroon" is in <'""i '„ard Aths«en«Napa TilieybaasIS, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 