 "10lie LOSS OF THELADY ELGIN,XEw"yn-•rrpf» »TrvCRIME IN THE METROPOLIS.it*Tu&wun »r lie•• tear* LV• f t * .distance from the raft. The gallant fellow left It andrarsm to bis wife, seized bar sad again regained thewheel bouse. All on shore held their breath while theyapproached. At one Instant tbay appeared high la air,and at the next were burled oat of tight beneath the ter- wrj fnlady subbed ia Cmrk street, near Domsnick, oa •ear Tenth avenue, got into a dispute, relative te someUgmetf €Hs**—MetM*f w* the CWfeen* ef ArOma— ea in tbe u»ual bloody style Peaaaisrs has roUeeted Jltwrtrffrat AdcpUt-The v*a *ticn tf Pun Serrttstd* i* ?C0 or 800 men, sad at last aowmats was trying to bring «J»«srw»«s-lV&Befc«a»w»«mora, dte r* a general engagement, from which he, personally. wiDKrom the Cbrcago Jvarsai, Sept. §.]Ow reporters who went up oa tbe Milwaukee read to Tbose who ware saved speak in (be highest tern* of thetense, aad great anxiety waa manifested by the populacecrowd that tbe Coroner was obliged to exclude be bad caused, and although strict search was made for dragoons are stationed. Bnt se tongas Indians are allowed" i half put one tram. i or row milanfifty or amy hemea beings first arrived. Only a mm ot these reacted the abore. The smf raa fearfully ia shore, and la almost erery tastaseo amen toe rafts came wahia a few rods of the soon-, the heavy rollers wouMt i them within sight aad hailing distance of thoseEdward fspeseer, a student of UK>Garret Biblical Instl- late, waa especially promieeet in his efforts, and plunged la** the aurr wita a rope Hoi round hit body, thus rvft-; several Irum a watery grave,eav.ag of David Evitaoo and wife, of Milwaukee,conduct of Capt. John Wilson* commander -at the ill fated boat On board he waa all coolness aad bravery, always neglecting himself sad caring tor the safety of the otters. Ms was seen early in the morning only a few rods from shore, standing upon a raft *urrousded by se- veral other rafts, eocrmrsgiag sad cheering ihem, and ad- vising them bow to proceed. While a the vary act of.en- eoareging others, a heavy roller iti uck him aad warned bim off toe raft, in sight of the survivors end crowds on •here. The books of the beat aid the Howard's desk,all persona from tbe station bowse except the wltnesaea,the jury, he. Deceased's eennection wtta Guardian^&gine Company No. 90 broaght a tusaber of nremento the station honse. Tbe Menda of tbe arisoaer,Charley Manhattan, also mastered ia fall force, to expec-tation of being present at the Inquest; but the Coronervery properly refused admission to the friend* eat estherhim by the Twenty second preoint police he managed to eflect his ettape Captain t9ott and a posse of men kept up tbe chase all night, but were unable to ted any clue to the whereabouts of the assassin, the fugitive, who la a joak dea.er, is said to be a man of very violent temper, and one wtid has often been engaged ia quarrels before. Farrell Is a laborer, and leaves a wife and seven childrentorobaadsh^ammtoaasaad tosteal cattle within a few miles of a United States garrlsoB, without punish ment, Mexican robbers and arurderers may taka cou-When our reporters left there were no more persons insight, but the lake was covered with debris of the wreck.The tog McQueen waa outside. It is not known whether achieved by him who conquers nations by the sword. she baa picked up any.and two or three others came out, and we turned aroundthe corner of Clarke street together; just then found. Thesei tacts, together with many others of a likeone of tbe party, wearing a black frock character, up Considered strong evidence against theaccused.In addition! to tbe above, Miller bad an insurance of 1460 on his properly in tbe Hamilton Insurance Company. The accused parties will be conveyed before the PoliceJcptlce this day.The damage done to the building will amount to about$300, and to the stock about $160.court of Gemeratf Sessions. j Before Hon. Judge Russell.Mayor Wentworth despatched lifts boats by the cars to the scene of disinter.[From the Chicago Democrat. Sept. 10 ]BT A TBtBUT OF EDW ARD WKSTLAKK.1 was porter on the steamer Lady Elgin. We left Chicago on Friday evening for Milwaukee, shortly after midnight. The wind was blowing bard from the north- « j t aud a heavy sea running. There was a large party ea beard—live or six persons to each stateroom—and many were sleeping on the. floor. I went to bed aboutpers in which to publish tbe State laws.and beard that Richard .Alexander, a fireman, had discovered a leak. By command of the cap'aln, I went efJfors i n e in HI nasi is. with which to stop the water flowing in.With the assistance of a couple of passengers, I threwaawa eight or ten mattresses into the bold. 1 then wentback through the cabin. The ladies sod gentlemen weregathered m the cabin, but appeared to be neither alarmedacr excited. I then went to the pilot house, where I re- in tbe first boat.mained a minute. The wheel was put bard astarboard. Fanny Burns, a servant in the family of J C. Ambler,The boat headed for shore. I ran down again to the of E I. Tinkham * Co. See went up with her sister, who trehol 1, and saw water within a foot of the foot of the lives in Milwaukee, and a young man to whom she was t ifurna-.ee I went aft immediately, adn met Mr. Caryl and be married.told fclm about the danger-Hi* !sak: h/* *nd I went for- There is a report corrent that Captain Mike Gleaaon, ofward lmme'iately to the fire bold and saw water rushing ' this city, waa on board into the furnacas. ui going aft 1 met the captain; he ap-Thompson, made his escape through the scuttleway upon the roof of the home. Harrison was sent to the State prison for two years, and Currie to the penitentiary for the same period).On thi*?v*cicg of June 26 John Ware, formerly of Rich- mood, Va., an old citizen of this sountry, and a maa much respected, was attacked ia front of his own bouse by a party of Mexicans, and stabbed in five places. He fellTbe r>*" of K>ys*r * Co , for repairing roof 'f City Kail, amounting to $163 82, was ordered to be paid.The Committee on Annas! Taxes reported ia tevor ofpeyirg tbe bill cf Hon John Mr! eod Murphy. t*» part of rpeared tool and culled 3d: be ordere 1 the after yawl tobe lowered; I took the bow tackle and somebody. IKKOM MlLWAritZBOtto I^verence and wife, 'Nickel,Old Philip,yellow boy stepped up to me fand said, -There is nee ofthem:" some one said "Give it tohitn;" when the coloredman struck him and knocked him dowa in ill • alleyway;I said "Don t do that—what are you doing'' whea t!i3colored man stepped back: some one thea remarkedthat the rest of the party had run around tempting to shobt John Reed, 624 Broome street, on tbe killed.know not who. was at the stern; as the boat lowered I I barber Jacob Philip saloon keeper: Mr. Caspar, Dragoons;saw several persona jump into her from the promenade I John Horan, Deputy United States Marshal: (/apU:ade :k; 1Jo no. know who they wcr». as the boat struck j Barry. Union Guards, Lieutenant Wm. Kennedy and wife,the water the tackle was enhooked, and I swung ori by i Fcgarty, Second Lieutenant; Mr. Shehan, Thos. the ropes into the boat: Mr Caryl then jumped in, and Buffnm. Mr. Shay and family, 0 Grady and wife, Mr. Ri- eoe or two deck bands; the captain ordered us to go [ or.ian, Cornelius O'Mahoney, teacher public school; Sam •round to the larboard aide, where she had"been s .ruck, ; Vwackle, Reeorder of Milwaukee Co., Charles McLaughlin for the purprse of stopping the leak with mattresses, I and wife, formerly of Watertown, Wisconsin, Mr. Senftle- which be mid they would throw over to us ben, of the firm of Smith &Senftleben, Mr. Heace, of tbe We bad bat one oar in the boat, and though firm of Goodman & Hoace, Isaac Kingsley, J. C. Pollard we asked repeatedly for another, there was nobody and lady, J. Fixgerald and lady, Michael Gooigan and t band it to us; tie captain had left that place, and lady, Mrs. A. Barrow, milliner, T. C. Hanna, clerk in tbetbe expenses recurred in surveying Harlem river, amount- George I eese was placed on trial, charged with, at- gallactly fighting for bis life. One Mexican was also ing to $1.600.the people seemed to be wry much excitod and confused, and screamed, "Come in with the boat! Come n with the boat.'" We could not again get alongside. The steward, Mr. Rice, jumped off the main da.'k into thestore of J. U Davis L. Opedike (saved). Mr. Stejritt, tailor, Mr. Shober, drayman, Mr. Casprari, grocer, Miss Amelia Leaden, Miss Prendley, Miss Kehoo, Mr. Elwood, Mr. Roesiter, Andrew Haley, Dennis Haley, Catharinewin not f d.stan e ,ct, upon the. top of the wheel-home,fco»d:si bis *fa by one arm and charing with the etherto his frail ark. As pe reached shore a fearful s-irfcapsized bis raft and its onrdeo was oat of sight forseveral seconds. When they rose the with was at some UfVTSTIttA'wOM BY COEOMEB 8CHIIU«*-rKWWINOorgansw t i« haalthyi death was caused by the wwnd toquestion. .At this stage of the rjroceeding» thejury took * rewesuntil two o'clock thai afternoon.A n o t h e r H o r r i d MmfslarAbout midnight on Monday another mirdet occurred to the upper part of MM city. John Kttzpatrick aad James Farrell, who occupy shanties to Fortieth street,INTERESTING FP.ON. ARIZONA. utterly r*j"*:* i I V p-; '**} o-taaization oaJsdI * « " r r ^ W a ; gowmtr.i.t." ce' th..< a TM " - -.' thiee ter^etr,"!, no splinted V prepare netHiott {e* irrala-boat, who, together with the Coroner. County Physician, and other city physicians, and" a large number ef citizens, were on band doing everything to alleviate and rescue.yesterday —James Miller, being duly sworn, deposed as follows:—! am a sailor-1 live at 19 Morton street; I was in companyestimable service, not only to government, but to thecountry around him. How much money might have beenraved to the War Department—how much peculationana knavery prevented by such an emcer—I shalloot attempt to set forth. I leave that labor for some"Covode Committee" or Court of Inquiry, with the mereEuggestioa (bat a proper amount of investigation, judi-ciously applied, would exhibit a collection of extrava-ganoe. peculation and wretched management which couldscarcely be equalled at any military post on the frontiers,extending back to the very establishment of Fort Bu- nue, so as to conform to tbe curb stones. Referred to chanan. It would be easy to show how a better influencetaegreatest excitement Thegallantfellowwas Toeinmatesofthebooteeinthevicinitywereverytar., withdeceasedonthenightoftbemurder;onMsadayafand provided all the oeoesssrlefl for the recovery of the exhausted ones who were rescued.temoon deceased came down 3ixth avenue and met me in Carmine street, at the corner of Bedford; we walkedaawa SSSM aaunce out, upon she top of IM wheeibouee,hetoiAg his wife by one arm and cilogiag with his otherto ibe frail ark. As ha reach-* shore a fearful surfeaosued bis raft, and Ita biudoa was oat of sight for low Wln*tka. One of the boats from the hurricane deck, irgton Parade Ground; there we met two girls with whom several aecoaon rtarted with twelve passengers, eight «f whom were we were acquainted, named Lizzie, and the other namedWhen they rose the wife was at soma distance from the raved. The boat upset twice. A lady and child who Mary Ann; we went with tbe girls as far as the nit. The gallant fellow left it and swam to bis wife, were on this boat were washed away once and picked corner of Spring and Maedoogal streets, where the gtrli seised her aad again regained the wheel house. All oa up. They w e e washed off a second time and drowned, left us; we then went into a grocery store at the corner shore held their Breath while they approached. At one cinr informant stated that she never spoke after leaving of Clark and Dominick streets, where we met an eld mm tot tact they appeared high in the air, and the next ware the steamer. Of the eight saved on this boat, seven be named Michael; we took a drink of beer at tbo groceryAlderman TroasT, Chairman of the Committee on As- sessments, reported in favor of relieving tbe Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum of 07 0M, the aseeesmenta on them for Central Park, sewers, am Tbe report waa adopted aad wrt to the Coonctrnvn for OMirmation.parted oot of sight beneath the terrible surges.at last the wheel boose grounded some distance from the teach, when the man with bis wtte la his armslooted to Milwaukee and left before we could gel the rstore, and then came oat again; we then went back in the rear of tbe bouse where tbe old man Michael lived; deceased was a little under the influence of liquor; he laid downCommittee on Streets.A resolution from tbe Couaciimen ia favor of appre-The life boat in which were the two mates, came in be-around a lltt'e and drank some; we went then la WashONE OF IH« BOAT8 rP8s)T.lamped on" and commenced wading to the land. He bad Mr. Webster, of Port Clinton, informs us that aoout on some planks in tbe alleyway; deceased remainedciating $600 for fitting up a drill roam over Centre mar- ket for tha Seventy first regiment, was concurred in.araeeeded only a short distance, when be sank exhausted, half past eleven o'clock Saturday morning t.e noticed tobat was caught by Bpancer, mentioned above, himself tbe northward what appeared to him to be a large yawl, keif buried in the surges, and dra en ashore. apparently about five miles out in tbe lake st proved,there, and I went ia the alleyway myself; I then went inside the old man's bouse, and after coming oat went into the grocery store wain; deceased was then lying on the plank: he was wide awake; I askei deceased if hoTbe resolution in relation to stay ef proceedings aa te laying pipe, from tbe distributing to the rereivieg reser- voir, was called up, and tbe Board adhered to iu fonuer act! >n—nee concurring with tbe CounciimeoThose who were saved speak in the highest terms of on InspfcttoB through a spy glass, to be a large boatthe ooedaet of Oapt. John Wilson, commander of the ill turned bottom up. In all probability, this was one of wss not going m to to take a drink: he gaid heTbo report of the committM* n mvor of relieving York- ville Presbyterian church fmm $340 48, for assessment for Central Park, waa adopted.feted boat. Oa board he waa all coolness aod bravery, the four boats which put out from the Lady Elgin, two ofwouid be ln ln a few minutes; wa weutin, got our drinks, and came out - again; .deceased did not go in; when we came out I saw deceased standing on the middle of the side- walk, with four or five persons around; I approaohed de- ceased, when some woros passed between these men and deceased, and a tight ensued; I think the prisoner, Chariaealways neglecting himself and caring for the safety of the ether* He was seen early this moraiog only a few rots from shore, stand sg upon a raft surrounded by several eux-r ran«. eacouragingan'l cheering diem and advising Ihem how to proceed wb-ie In the very act of encourag- ing others, a heavy roller streek him and washed him offshe raft, in sight ot the survivors and crowds on shore. The books of the boat, and the steward's ues--k, con tain - •>g some money and watches were saved, and are in the peesessioc of G s Hubbard, Bso, . owner of the boat. who. together with the coroner, county physician aad efber city physicians, aad a large number of citizens, are ea hand doing everything to alienate and rescue. The mutates of the houses in the vicinity were very kind, and provided all the necessaries tor the recovery of the ex-hausted on»s who ware rescued.which bad not reached the shore.INCnWHTS.Numerous incidents are told showing great heroism orA report *was adopted in favor of estabiis-.-ug a ferry from 130th street. North river, aad some point opposite on tbe Jersey shore, aad tbe Comptroller waa directed to tell the lease of said ferry at public auction.•m"i?rv\n3,c!T> * YCTTnnri^fT>T7pt 15 j o ^ TRIPLE SHEET.T*t £ l s j b t l a WswrelTBsrraVjiry—.BEAT EECITSMWT AMOMG « • mmr IVj investigation in tbe case of Richartteon Gray, waoOwr Fw»t • • $ * > • • • • Cewregpomelamce. TFORT BtrORABAS, AugMt 1», 1800.Ihe IMe Murdert nemr Jbrt BmJumum A Ommtttte tf Investigation CsUlsd/er--a»Pja»ard DefiMsWbm by the MfxicMum Am*rictmmsdAmeric«mPr*p**<y--4 OaUrible furges At hut the wheel boose grounded some Moaday a^rbt, was cosameneed at theKight* preoiact trivial matter, whea Fitzpatrisk, it ia alleged, drew a distance from the beach, when toe man with bis wife mtbe total want of such a quality on the part of tbe drown-ing people. It ia said that one man, a passecger, whowas saved in one of tbe boats, left his wife and child onthe vessel, and in his abject trigbt did not seem to think Manhattan, was one of tbe men who were fighting witb Tbe sister of tbe prisoner, who lived with him in Canal of them nntil he was himself safe on land. It is a pity deceased: the prisoner bad bis coat off at the time; I sawThe sums of 1250 for the Inebriates' Home, and $600 for the Home for Indigent Women aad Children, were do-some worthier person had not been saved in bis stead. him run into a grocery store for a knife; when the pri- street, left ouSuDday, and was found boarding at No. 40 Mr. Eviston, whose name appears above, was with his soner came out of the grocery store he fought with de- City Hall plaoe. The Marshal called upon Capt. Dowling wife on tbe pilot house, and his sole csreseemed to be for ceased ; I dll tot see a knife in his hand at that time, as for aid, and the Captain attended in person, assisted byin iuvoi i r permitting the Board of Supervisors to occu-her. When near tbe shore, a huge wave washed her off he was too far away from me to see: I went to sir. Wil-several of his men. On searching the house in City Hallplace a large quantity of the wearing apparel of both Mil- swam to her assistance. Seising her in his arms, he come and assist deceased and get bim away; Mr. Wildey ler and bis sifter, together with household effects, weretitles, from Governor and Chief Justioe down to a second lieutenancy in tbe ''Mounted Militia,'' though I am informed tbe proposed law did not contemplate any military grade lower tban captain.I can scarcely convey to your readers an idea of the In- dignation and horror which pervaded every mining set- tlement and ranch upon tbe receipt of the news of the massacre named above. And such feelings were re- doubled from the knowledge tbat the list of murdered Americans was rapidly increasing, aad embracing some of the most worthy men in our midst. Let us recall a few of these murders—cases which bare come to light within the past three years. God only knows bow many poor follows have been secretly put to death by Mexicans and their bodies bid after being robbed, but there are signs and rumors of many.On tbe 13th of April, 1867, a party Of thirty five Mexlcan soldiers crossed tbe line into Arizona, at a place call-ed Sonoita, and there, ln a store, frond four sick Ameri-cans, namely: Charles Harrison, John Bunker, CharlesParker aad Thomas Long, all of Tuolumne county,California. They ware dragged from their blanketsinto the open air and shot like dogs, and tbe storerobbed. They were charged with having belonged toCrabbe's party—had been left behind on account of Ill- moneys and securities ucder his control — ness. One other man was carried prisoner to S .mora and Bonds and mortgagesinto the lake.1 Her husband Instantly left bis phve anddey's, in Spring street, and asked bim if he would notAfter Hit,-' sug of rome routine business the Boa-d ad- journed to Ebtusday next, at five o'clock.Board of Supervisors,At a regular meeting of it•» B»*rd. held yesterday ^f ternoon, President Stewart in u>" chair, the to!k>a.ugbusiness wss transacted :—Supervisor Bir.vr offered a resolution W> n *• t»£ect thatthe Comptroller should report to the Boar', toe anient of moneys paid into tbe city treasury from tbe ye«. 186* to 1800. in. losive, on account of forfeited bull, it was adopted.The Heard proceeded to '--Allot for a choir> if two pa-struggled back through tbe waves and by great exertions succeeded in placing her again by his side on the pilot bouse. Both were saved.kind, and provided all tbe necessaries for tbe recovery of • into the store where tbe knife was taken from to see iftbe exhausted oees who were rescued Especial praise is J we could and out who stabbed deceased, but we could not doe to Mr. Jared Gage, of Wynetka, wiiose efforts to suc- I find any one there bnt the woman who keeps the store; cor and relieve the distressed rebound to the nobleness ! we then put deceased on a cart and brought him to theof his heart | station bouse; the affray took place fully half aa hour Not fees than fourteen persons were saved at the pier ; after we left the girls; I could not my that the prisoner in front of the boose of Artemos Carter, some of whom went after a knife, but he went after something; I do not owe their lives to the daring of Mr. Carter himself, and • think that either the prisoner or his friends were intoxi- all of Ihem are under lasting obligations to Mr. C. and i cated; I feel pretty sure that the prisoner was the man I lady for tbe kind care and nursing receive*! at their ; saw fighting with deceased; I think there were othersSuch a deed reflects more glory upon the doer than isThe inmates of the bouses in the vicinity were very : upon tbe sidewalk bleeding;" Mr. Wildey and others wentSKTT. 11— There was not much business transacted in a quarter past two My bed wsa on the main deck, near hands. I who had their coats o0 beside the prisoner; I had mine off; this court to day, owing in part to the failure of tbeThe result was six t oua for tbe PcQy SewsProminent among those from this City who perilled I I never saw the prison* r before; I think Mr. Wildey asked their safety in their efforts to save the unfortunates were i the woman in the grocery atore if any one bad taken athe after gangway, on the larboard side. I had not gotasleep when I heard a fearful crash I jumped out of myroom with my pants in band, and polled them on as Iwent on deck I went forward oa tae larboard side, andsaw a vessel at the after gangway. Soma of our crew wbose names we did not know.bellowed to her to send her crew aboard, as we supposed John Furlong, when the boat began to break up,she was sinking, bnt no answer waa made to onr bail, succeeded In finding a cabin door, with which he John Wildey, being duly sworn, deposed as follows:— I ery. There wire two Indictments against bim for havingand five for tbe IrOmne. They were accordingly chosen as tbe papers in which the State laws were to be p o- lished.Gurdon S. Hubbard, Coroner James and policemen Prinoe, j knife out of the store or not, but I don't know what an- Pilgrim. Alexander aad Macauley. There were others ! swer sbe gave bim.Grand Jury to present indictments.Christian EJen was tried and convicted of forgery inaad we saw no person. As she fell aft, same por- threw himself into tbe water. A man who gave bis name reside at No. 222 Spring street; I keep a public house; I counterfeit $6 bills on tbe Bull's Head Bank, of New York,$808,010 73 "6,102 16 100.162 61 13 $48 61 4«,805 01tion of her rigging broke the lamp room win- as Gough, from Indiana, made his way to Furlong's raft, was in my place with Mr. Belts, Mr. Woodruff, Mr. War- in hia possession. When asked what he did for a living,there kept a long time.Soon after this an American named Hollingsworth wasNew York Life and TruM Company Uc ited States Life and Trust Company Sundry securitiesArtaana' BankTotalcredi of tbe county at the present time, the proceeds of rales of articles found upon the bodies of persons on whom inquests bave been held by tbe Coroners. It was adopted.The bill of Charles Brown for rent of room oceipied by tbe Superior Court, in Tammany Hall, amounting to $608, was ordered to be paid.Several bills, amounting to $336 64, for printing and stationery, were ordered to be paid.The bill of Adam Zenker, M D., for chemical aralysis of tbe stomachs of Laz*rus MtchMs and Hannafc Pe.aer,dows. She soon waa oat of sight. I then went for which proving insufl! -lent for bota, and Gough refusing ren and Mr Oliver when the last witness came running he replied thai be worked ia Washington market. Tbeward, where i met the captain. He told me to to relinquish bit bold, Eurlong left and succeeded in into the store; it was about eleven o'clock P. M.; he City Judge sentenced him to fire years' imprisonment inmurdered while asleep, by Mexicans, at a camp on tbe Gila river. In the fall of 1867, three Americana wereabout in tbe vicinity for several hoars, daring which time tbe dead body of an infant was picked up.lighting; some of tbe men made the remark, "Let as go who deposed that on tbe morning of tbe 16th of August, with tbe particulars of the suffering of St John, was puD- around and see what it is," when we all started out in a about half pas| two o'clock, tbe prisoners entered his lished throughout the United Stateabody; when we got to the corner of Clark street dwelling house in First avenue, having obtained I arrived at the Santa Rita mines in this section of Ari- we saw four or five men standing there, an entrance <' by tbe rear and front doors. zona in January, 1869. In April, John W Stewart, of and one in Spring street, a little beiow Mr. Gonoud was aroused from his slumbers Ohio, was murdered in Sooora, a few miles from tbeLIST OT TH. PA^KNSEKS. raoa can AH3.Edward White, Charles Smith.American line. He was travelling, and bad considerable money.by Mexican peocs, and tbe house robbed.On May 18 tbe body of a man, supposed to be a German,Mr. Cummins, a policeman of Chicago, was on bis way to Mackinac as a witness in a murder case, and was savedClark, street; this man said, "Come down the street a by the burglars), who bad a quantity of clothing and somelittle and I will tight you;-' Miller took his coat off, and, money (the aggregate value of which was $600) preparedthrowing It upon a stoop, followed the man; this man was to carry away frith them. While they were executingdressed in dark clothes and bad a cap on; the man kept their felonious designs inside the house, officer Sypher, of killed while asieep in his house, a few miles from Tubac,coat and a black felt bat, started and ran away; a little boy came op to us tben and said, "Your friend Is lying(et a Hght. I got one, and We looked over the side to sea reaching a cattle pen, upon which he and comrade suc-what damage was done. It appeared to be not serious ceeded in reaching the shore. Gough was lost'the captain thought that by listing her to starboard she The tug McQueen, which went out to the scene of theweald not leak, as the damage appeared to be above the disaster to the morning was unable to get near enough to taild bim be bad better go about hie business and stop in the first degree. Tbe complainant was James Goooud, Mr. St. John, horribly wounded. This dreadful affair, water Una. I men went and looked dowh the lirehole, the shore to render any material assistance She cruisedwanted to know if we would go out and give bim a show; he said that a party had- attacked him around la Clark street; be was bleeding a little about tbe mouth, and Ithe State priton.James Currfe and Charles Harrison were tben placed at murdered at Dragoon Springs, forty miles from Port$10t5,«28 OX Supervisor Rrr.vT offered tbe following resolution —That the Comptroller be and he is hereby requested to inform this Board whether there are any moneys placed .to tbebacking down the street, and Miller walked after him; Idon't think that either of tbem wanted to fight vary bad;the Eighteenth precinct, was on the watch, having seen their suspicious movements before they entered the dwelling house.* He secured the assistance of another• • ' • • ' .bis arms jumped off and commenced wading to the lead station henna yesterday, by Coroner Sohirmer. The ex large dirk knife from hia pocket aad plunged the blade of I gave ia my last a brief account of the murder of take good care to keep dear Moat of these valiant Mexi-Be bad proceeded only a short distance when he sank exbaosed, bat was caught by Spencer, mentioned above, himself bah* buried in the surges, an 1 drawn ashoredtemeat created by tbe assassiiiattaB of Gray waa In-the weapon into his antagonist's breast aad abdomen.Frederick Broackow, Wm C Moss aim James Williams at the San Pedro mme, only thinyfire miles from Fort Bachaaaa, where two cosapaajsaof i TM * - * * *can geoerala aye so tmpr**se1 with the value of their lives to ibeir country and tbe world, that tbay never pat themselves la the way of shot and shall. Such conside- rate patriots :adTsalstaaThis body met last evening. President Peck In the chair.e ntaintcg some money sad watches, were saved, and are side. The following is a report of the evidence; elicited in the possession of G S Hubbard. EH , owner of thewho were entirely dependent npon him for support. ty, of influence, uncontaminated by specolatrans,Coroner Scblrmer was notified of the affair yesterday, aad unawed by threats and grumbling, would be of In- Corporation Counsel (Judge Broneon) cause an exemioe-Farrell fell to tbe ground asm expired almost Immedi- tobe present at the tannest. «4ead,so grealwaathe ately afterwards. Fitspatrtek fled on seeing the mischiefanyone about It; he made some remark Jof surprise; 1 revolver and bred at the watchman, but luckily the ball How it came there no one knows. It is a mystery which mains over $600 to be paid. Tbe report was adopted. water ta heib us with the boat. He twam to ud and we Bogac. Dan. O'Leary. Tim O'Brien (save.!), Mr. M'Gary, spoke to Mr. Betts, and aatei! him to get <ieceased went wide of the mark and lodged in the wall. At this would do credit to Rochester. Probably some lonely man A )ar?< amount of routine business was tra: -r<;ted, andbefore the wind, and, vi»h thirteen persons, myself in Stephen Cuddy, Margaret and Ann Bulger, Martin Delany,' eluded, started for the store. We saw tne lights o» the John MrClf.pan, John Fahey, Nicholas McGrath ei.i Elgin after wa had been rrom five to ten mmutes away. I sister. Jam'* Maltone, Henrie Mono-tan, lames Rice, Jaa.across the street, where I met tbe prisoner; he had blood en his shirt, I asked him if he had been in the night; he eiid he had, ard that he had been cat, too; 1 to id himton kfys upon h i person. The accused was subsequentlytaken o» fore Justice Connolly, at the Jefferson Market Po-lice Court, where be gave his name as Henry Adams. Mr.An.'ricacs killed in fights, twenty or thirty more. tioc of an uncoostitutioral provision it n o H i t *life preservers; I think most of them did; he then ordered thecrew u, taae axes aad break open the state room •acta, to that none should be left in them; I think neirly <Z22JV*0SPm 9* w*1. »Jtbougb I pulled one oat ea we noated by the state room. A abort tinn after this tbe iRn^aelSL^S"** **» bottom of the vessel, I sh midins a rr«It^Su«r2?y.Lto^TlBf tb,» hurricane deck fl >at eei« d e ^ h a T S ILn**P**0**TM »•** on «*> aurri ^pedTff^!l^.h 5i,W !M 4oWB; the most of thamchatting, the band regaling them with music from time to time, and so the time passed away, hour after hour and still there was no lady Elgin, A good many of the' excursionists got tired out and returned homeMeanwhile a propeller, which bad been loading at the dock, suited out for Chicago, and some who had been waltiHg for the Elgla got on heard thi? vtssel and left the excursionlata behind. Meanwhile tbe fog bcg«w to come and then everybody said that when son did get in she wouldn't dare so out again, and so others returned home in difgust.appealed from tbe decision confiscating the vessel and her cargo.This morning exjjudge Roosevelt moved to have the decree carried into effect. Mestrs. Donohue and B'aokvalid objection to such a course. If the Sonoranians come here, murder our people and commit robberies, we may justly endure it with protest and remonstrances, once, twice, three times even, but no more. Vengeance should be let loose with fire and sword, and the wholeon this, there w*re Ess*TJSS} rrom m£?T **?«. or sevenladies; ISfCWptam Z Z t ^ l Aboutteno'clock a vessel's light was seenroundingTbe Postmaster General, having abolished the city Interexpresses and refused to receive newspape-s in the limp-post letter boxes, there are no means left to get ne wspapers to the Post Office but to carry them down, and whiledoing so one may jas well, aad many do, at the same time carry their letters to the Poet Office, so that Uncle Sam loees a good mat y cents by this means.We therefore propese that boxes similar to tho*n used lor letters, but if jpossible rather larger, witb wide mouths on too (as there will bono danger of picking them), be attached to lampposts at convenient distances,Bomber on each. We hweltdaana came down ~~**^*?wJwL\£~\«*to a few rods of the shore thTraft l ^ t•»*. WhoB Vththe liarrxir entrance, and thon everybody began to shout oct, "There she conies 1" and the band started up "Haii Columbia •" and not a few invested au entire half dimeCooper,ne Astorjrot back on her. amoc? ihent tfeVOaTmte«;•!?** / ^captain got one of theLite. K a a ^ f e . l S ^ *» for pop or peanuts with the boy at the bridge grocery,washed us off. The CapUin was the IsaT^ff ^ . " l 6ea»d bim cheering tbe passengers; am>ttte? •*! 5 ; f washed himoffand hewaHrownel a t o C u ^ who were on her only eight were saved. After t b ^ m ? «oa« wss launched a yaw}, which was aft, wis u-meh-a- *wo boats were launched from the hurricaid dec* ,' knew only two men on the raft, the Captrm and ur WaU, the clerk of the KatloosJ Mine at Ontonagon. Woeaa became light la the morning the four rafts were m •Jfh*. »ad a great man? Urating on pieces of tbe wrecfr.m < l w e w r f t l dJ!?^** * ^ *^»^ * »» » toqairediif hisout of pure joy at the event, and tbey all fairly saw them- selves even then engaged in dancing and having a good time on the Elgin.The vessel's light, however, unfortunately proved to be that of one of me Detroit and Milwaukee steamers, and the ves*.) landed at tbe Detroit and Milwaukee lock. This»thern friends were aboard. •hay were not.They answered from eacnb n, withtte»??a.»w? * ?l B yber fmriaendsi JSZ$ ? SJ'&S*to***• Probably Col. T. A. Lums *•**•». *«"l Mr. Oarth and fami-wMafTeVLw^i,^r,'B,Bonii0«h,,t understood that Ititg papers. Let us have this system adopted at once.I* TmM&satocky' f8CIM8 OX WjEW BIAC&.Cue newspaper box to every fire letter boxes would beThis report was unanimously adopted by the meeting,and the following gentlemen elected the ewmmitteel—Herman Ehrenberg, President of the Cabahni mine- F.Hulreman Postmaster, Tubac; A. Titus, of the New York icscripltoD —"Thi* te-stimootal to Tom Bayers was pre-Mia Mahotey, Mrs. O'Brien. Edward Warner, Pryor Aru ok bim in. We then halloed for a tine to be thrown tous, bnt did not get it. We sculled around as weil a* wecould with one oar, for the purpose of getting alongside,in the meantime continually asking for another o ir or tora line. But no attention was paid to us. Finally somei-ne threw us an oar, but it was carried off by the sea.By extraordinary exertions we**ieare'l the Dgin some and sister, James Shea, Miss Sarah Murphy, Miss Frank the men a knife; 1told the (.filter to go into tie store and awi'ke about a d zen of the boarders, and as soon as the All these murders have been committed within awhat, when a man jumped off the primennde dack, and we took him into the boat. The wind thea b'ew us away still further, and we were p'erentedfrom making' another aiprt>%sh. After tying off a iIjule while, the distance between tbe Elgin and our years of ape. tall. thin, with sandy hair and wore light had stabbed deceased; oit<yr Van Buren called Karreni/. the prisoner at the station bouse the police found a quan- attempts to murder by Mexicans there oou'd also be fur- of his rce'mect to ita position on the -#ht of »«-ivea constantly grow.-g greater, we put the boat frock coai) James Sheban. John Kelley, William Hays, soon afterwards, an ; be went back to the door: I went tity of jewelry. Aatvn tickets, aad a large bunch of skele- nished a formidable list, and of murders by Indians, and tbe brigade, illegally tak«o from it by \f o,*era-Bold (a lad), Hugh Parsons, Miltou Tow aaen.l, Alexanderaround to the station bouse: 1 examined the body and foutd thttt he was dead; I thou cried, 'Watch," • watch:" when officer Van Buren came along some one nude the( n bis way to tbe gold region was killed by Mexicans and the Board adjourned, to meet again on .Mocdar next, at juncture Colonel Dehor, a guest in the hotel, came ti the the head thrown near the station to mystify and intimi- eleven A M.. for tbe purpose of appointing r« g'stereCorbitt. printer, Mim Ward, Miss Matthews, Mrs. Ken-asi gOrce of the! watch man, when he tuo was fired at by date the inmates.the tb'ef Tbe locel was not so fortunate as tee watch July 23. Brozckow, Moss and Williams assassinated at man, for the conj nta of tbe pistol struck him In the leg tbe San Pedro mine. Susb is the list, as near as I amnedy, M-. Siviyer, grocer, T. Eviston. chief engineer, W.Eviston, George Churchill, George Oakley, Daniel remark that they had been flgctlag In the grocery store,M i l i t a r y I n t e l l i g e n c e .SKtOKli BEGJIOKT—KP.BT OF POSIT'ON, ETC.It Is rumored tbat Colonel Tompkins, the rew com-Colonel was n to fall, tbey all rushed upon .he circle of oce hundred miles of Fort Buchanan, in adesperado and b Id bim last until the arrival of officer population of not over one hundred and hfiy Americans. manding .Ceceral that he will expert a re*tora*.:oaHalloran Frank Boyd, Prank McCormick and and that the woman who kept the store had giv>w one of and brought hi i to the iloor. The firing of the pistol able to fill it, though I feel confident it is actually larger.Cranston, the p prietor of tbe hotel, appeared against She was rol ing heavily. After t>ie expiration of that Ooagiove, printer in Dtr.no.rat once: Maurice Fitzrerald, be had fbetter give himself up to the police, iiirn, and cbargi bim with having burglariously enteredrf .Nrtwiihstane'icg all the murders committed, as above regulations cerjipiled under the snpervis.tr c' the *.U\1, b; Mexicans, together with scores of rob«, there has never been—at least since I nave re preseui Adjutant General of the State. The Cufc-cel ba.wg tr. Arizona—a Mexican hung by a Lynch court of Lis cla*rr or tbe following clause in the act of CODTTV*-?George L. Simpson, Joliet.FROM K.\GL*\r>.with blood, as though deceased had fallen there, whetherdeceased got out of the areaway himself, or was takenout by some one else, I cannot say; deceaseds cap wasfound at the foot of the am. way steps; the body wasfound on the sidewalk, right opposite this areaway gateI never saw the prisoner until I saw him near the alleyway. * blood.*Herbert Ingrabam, Esq., M. P., and proprietor of tbeMcCullch's testimony ss to tbe second boating and sbow gratitude to the hand that gives it food. and will arrive ia tha city on Friday.londoa IlltutraUd Newt, an 1 his son Herbert, raiuiows PLACSS.Three passengers from the propeller Sun, just from Collirgwood, names unknown.A German, name not known.Julia Gavin deposed as follows—I live at No. 26 Clark street; I keep a grocery and liquor atore: . >> tr ele' o'clock on Monday night, as I wasstandit.. .*. t "ST walk opposite my store door, the prisoner i„ . aorufskicking at tbe capstan bar was materially the same as Smith's. Witness was in the boat that went to look for tbe roan; rowed back in the wake of tbe ship fifteen to twenty mtnutes, but could not find tbe man, and return- ed to the shipAn adjourned meeting of the citizens assembled at the ranch of Colonel fl Titus on Sunday, the 6th inst , Colonel Edward E Cross presiding. The chairman enumerated the numerous atrocities of the Mexicans of late, and paid an appropriate tribute of respect to the memory of the late victimsThe whole suoject was fully discussed Letters were read from honors, stating that the authorities would en dcavor to do something; but of that there is no great hope. There has never been a time in Sonora when there were ro many robbers and rascals in office as at present, ardtbatissayingagreatdeal Therebeingnoextradi- tion treaty, it is unlawful to demand the murderers, and we are cot strong enough to invade Sonora to capture tLrmbyfoteeorcommitreprisals,withoutcallinguponDr. W. A. Budley, Petersburg, Va., is stopping at toe Fifth avenue, Hotel.Dr. H. King and son, Washington; J. M R jo and F . latasf-a, Cuba, are stopping at the Everett House.J. A. Lardy and A. M. Randall, C. & A., are stopping at the Aator Place Hotel.Dr. Edward Porcher, South Carolina; A. H. M.irdecai, Princeton College, and J D. *ogan, Washington, are stop- ping at the Metropolitan.Judge Moncrlef, New York; L. E. and t. O. W ish and ladies,Georgia,andA.Woodaadlady,Boston,arestop- ping at the Colon Place Hotel.Mr.andMrs.Parish,Philadelphia;EdwardBsvardHill, Albany: Philip C Tucker, Texas. B, Withers. Kso... New lork; T. A. Jenis, Esq., Providence, aud Wr »ra il.s. Brinky, Boston, are stopping at the Brevoon House.S. Arthur Stvvell. London; Henry Curtis, F. V Holland California; C. A. Steele and party, Now Virk; J. M. Fairbanks, Florida and J. Block, Baltimore, member of the Pharmaceutical society, with fifty other*. . re stop-at tbe time; be ran right out again, but 1could not saywhether he took anything away with him or not he weed acrosstlemen, some of whom garnered inside of the warehouse after Ue prisoner left my store the last time- I told thesome upon tbe dock, some watching from the bridge for officer that I could cot say whether the prisoner took the the steamer, some flirting along the side streets some knife from my store or cot; I did not see any one els*TBI LADY ELGIN BKB1ND TIME—A VBBT LABGS CBOWD OF KCCH8IONI8T8 DISAPPOINTED.[From the Milwaukee Wisaonsin, Sept. 7 J• the street towards the alleyway where he lives; he was absent about four or Ave mtnutes, when he came back and ran into the store and out again: I don't know where tbe prisoner went after that, there was no one in the store when the prisoner came in; beforeAdjourned till to)morrow.L_jAs was advertised, last evening, at seven o'clock, was the time for tlia Union Guard excurtionists to leave here, on the Lady FJgtn, for Chicago The Elgin, howeverSxrr. 11.—Tbe CJOFSexamiuation of MoCulloh was con eluded this day by Mr. Donohue, and the case was further adjourned.otaers starud home at this last disappointment. It was na»f vwt. ten when we left, and still there was uo signs of,h^6,"?rhonu^8kUl£8UmCarreeU; ! l"« turned to a uiOerettt shade, wm not Domistaken for letter boxes•tan* m i'h ''han» «„mmt o f UMS P*1"17' •»*•»*'» kept up their 1*"* ^onaendabie manner, and continued to.•ontiC Helon, Captain of the Eighth precinct Dollco.briBg duly sworn, deposed as follows:-? met SarenamiMount and officer Van Buren. with tbe woman G a T m Sa^ked her who had borrowed the knife, a n d A e s a m t h lCharley Manhattan was tbe person: I ortered u £ a m i carrying ot letters, he has made no provision for carry-0CCMioMlIWe went ^--- -•-*** *° °me tiil moruing "tefl' ThBr» eigntortomorrowmorning.b «, £c h < w mt h e m* Pnget tbe knife before it was secreted: at that time the store was shut up, and the officer was obliged t> rap at the door, otlicer Earrenlz then same up; I then started up< Rivera, Christian Nuckle, T. Bowen and wife, MissSnel-lan,7 Mr. Sullivan, Lieut fJFoley, Sergeant McDonogh,Mr. Fohey. wife and child; J. F. Morrison,agent for John-son k Diversey, Cbie*|o; Charles H. Jobneon (eighteen the alley way with Farrentz to look for the person WHO Pearson, of ih Fifteenth precinct. I pon searching So you see ^be per centage of loss is rather heavy Ofmandant of tfce Second regiment, has noti£e1 the Com-81lixe, she appeared to sink between *.wo been' ew.Ils. | printer in Dcnwcral ori oe, WiMiam and Margaret Hayea and iHcer Farrents coming along I banded him several of the b rders' rooms, whereupon the magi* i iv *'.:- cor bave I ever heard of such a case in thisV, hen we a„-oe« on tbe top of the wave we 9»w h<;r no John Oami-en, Catherine aiid KH/abeth farmer), Henry over to bim, I then went around to DominickIrate commit* tbe prisoner for trial Adams had broken into sev ra! rooms and robbed the ocenpan's of several hundred ollars worth of clothing and JewelryCharge off Harder on the High Masts. UNITES STATES COMMISSIONER'S COURT.Before Joseph Brldghorn, EsqSEIT 10 — Tntied State* vt. Seymour W. Benedict aniAm'd Ftriruson.—Mr. Donohue having finished the cross- examination of John W. Smith, Jas. MoCulloh was sworn for the Unite! States, and being examined by Mr. Geo. P. Andrews, testified that be was in the same watm with deceased on tbe night of the 12th of July.- that the mate ordered tbem to square the yards, and sung Out to de Ceased, who was ?n tbo lookout, to loose, fore, tack; de- ceased loosed fore tack, and at the same time, by aoci- dent, let go the ring stopper, both being belayed to the sume elect: tbe mate then came up and knocked bim down, and beat ban in tbe face, and kicked him for three or four minutes, so that the man's face was smeared withpassed Vav 8, 1TP2, eriillcd an "act more e *-<-tueOy to .T '.r.'or.a. One Mexican—a murderer—was bung provide f<v the rational defence, by establish cir a ani-I Bishop, Thos. Xeville. Martin and Susan Hanly, Pat Fita- gcrald and wife, G. T. Oakley. Paul Foley.OTHKB rOWXS i-V W13COSIX. George Norton, Superior Cjly.Mrs. Ketto and four children, Mineial Point. Mis. dond and two children, Mineral Point. Jair.ee Beliows, Mineral Point.A Buckitgham, Portage.James Cnegrove, Kenosha. — Fitzpatriek, Kenosha. Mr. Locke. Sheboygan.ntoa ran sorra a»D xasr.F. A. Lumsden, of the New Orleans Picayune, wife,two children and servant, New OrleansW. Garth and wife, Misses Anna aad Amanda Garth, ofParis, Ky.J din Jacobson, New York.Mr. Senftleber, of the firm of Smith it Scnftleber. Mil-waukee.FROM T0WK8 lit IUJ.'WIS. B. F. Hall and wife, Aurora.street when I found that decerned was si ill lying on the tidewa'k; I remarked that deceased ought to be taken to the stat.cn house, and a cart being procured the body was so disposed of; I did not go into tne store myself, nor did I ask tbe woman who kept it anv questions; I waa present in tbe store tho gh when some one asked the weman whu borrowed a knife from her, aud she replied the prisoner; we traced the blood from the alleyway along the sidewalk in Clark street as far as Dominick street, and then obliqely to an awning post in Dominickstreet, then to a barrel which was standing about three { feet from the awning post, then to a wooden rai ing which surrounds a frame house at No. 1 Dominick street, at the railing there was quite a pool of blood, and spots of blood could be traced along tbe railing to tbe gate which leads to the areaway; there we founl the stone step and tbe areaway covered1m<>re We got ashore icar Wym-tka bout six o'clock A. si., worn out acr' exba strd by the u jht'3 danger am fatigue. We suppose the accident hsr.peno.1 i l v u t tec mii-s from the land. We bad {treat difficulty in landing under the bluff Our be it was capsized, but all tbe party were saved. After BE hour or two another boat came ashore contain!eg tight persons In landtag she was upset ia the serf and four of her passcrgers were drowned. I mingled freely with the passengers, after we left Chicago, and am of opinion that there were at least 330 souls, including the crew, on board. After we set out the greatest good feel lag was manifested by the party, and dancing aad other forma of merristent ware kept up till a late hour When the aocident happened, most of the party bad gone to bed, though there may have been a few still op in the sal «n and other parts of tbe boat. So far as I wag able to observe up to the time of leaving the ves- s e l , but little fear was felt among either passengers or crew. There were not many cries or much wailing among the ladies of the party. Oar going away waa against oar will. With but one oar in such a boat as ears, ant la such a sea, we could do nothing bat pat our craft before tbe wind. I know nothing of any raft being made, though one might have been constructed after l left the steamer.STaTSMXMT OP MICHAIL M.SMITE.The following is the statement of Mr. Michael E Smith.of Ontonagon, who was saved on a portion of the horrioaae deck;—1 was asleep la tbe mate's room at the timeef the accident. Tbe watchman came in and told tbe flr-tmate that a vessel bad run into the steamer's port *tde.jest forward of the wbeeihouse. and stove a hole in herTbe mate and myself went directly on deck; found OaptWilson there The steamer bad on board some 150 to 180headofcattle. Tbecaptainorderedthecattletobe whichwasdueyesterdaymorning,didnotarriveby theprisonercamein1hadoccasiontocutsumehamwiththrown overboard, aad they were thrown over by the seven o clock last evening, and a very large crowd of ex- tbe knife now shown me; after the prisoner had been increw. The ar.«t aad second mates went in the lifeboat to cursionists, who tad assembled at nousrnan's doct and the store tbe sect.nd time I found tha knife covered witbstop the leak. They found the hole so low that mentb£t?£2E£> """^8pe°ia'•*»of ^PPoint- freshblood;Ifiord,thefcniff;onaboxofsoap-whenIthey coull not get at it. The steamer was listed last used the knife 1 left it on tae meat bench-'the soapever, but they could not get at the leak. Thc Union Coard and a band to accompany them were box is about eighteen inches above the bench; I wiped vessel was condemned some months ago, and the owners The captain ordered all the passengers to get among the number and any quantity of ladles and gen tbe blood from the knife with r% apron, a few minutes'-.,-! Uf three men, at e.ght, near Tucson, being• ai confinement, wbero be was awaiting trial, fom. rr' tin throughout the United Stales. ' It reads•sthe street and entered the store; he was in In* shirt sleevesenter the store beside the prisoner; after the prisoner lefttbe store a second time, I saw him fighting witbastontpunt m»n; 1 could not say who the other man waa latios that no effort! would be made to put the decree inJn^ir180?*' wa" bk*dln* from his face; I then went i^^fiH ,reucd ,oc*ed "P,be P'3"*.kanou that someJohnforce without notice. Tbe matter was laid over until communication was had with Mr. Dwigbt, one of the former assistants In the United States District Attorney'sble It is my opinion tbat the very next murder com- mitted by Mexicans in this Territory will be followed by tbe invasion of Sonora by fire or six hundred Apaches headed by Am. ricaos, and the result will he one of the shortest and most effective "revolutions" ever seen in that £taleA committee was appointed to report a plan of action, peaceable and courteous, for "this time only," and the following was offend:—Resolved. TU t the people of Western Arizona view with !,< r n r and regret the late massacre at the Sao Pedro mine by Mexican |H.ODS, in which three unoffending Americans V.PJI> murdered in cold blood, and we tender to the rcla iiv,8 of the deceased our heartfelt sympathiesF. solved. That a committee of five be selected to cor- respond with tbe Governor of Sosoraand the alcaldes of the chief towns, describing the murderers and the pro per'% -tolen, and asking the authorities te u>c all proper efforts to Lave tbe criminals and the property returnedResclved, That we unanimously request Governor Pee- einera, in the name of humanity and justice, to take prompt action in this matter, as twelve Americans have be* r murdered in this vicinity by Mexicans within the pea two years, many robberies committed and no notice tot.cn by tbe authorities of Sonora.Korolved, mat the committee be requested to forward tTovernor Peaqniira and the alcades copies of these reso- luttot.s.Dtan Richmond, Betavia: Capt. Simonsm C a n s Col. J. C. Washington and family, North Carolina: Cen.Wm. B a i l y a n d f a m i l y , I x n i t e i a c a : L i e u t . J a r . V an V o a a t , I n i u d S!i>ue Navy; Gen « H. Parkhlll, F*»ma; J. H. Orosvercor, Buffalo; Geo W. Warren, Boet't. Hon. W. H. W«h<n, rennayIvante; G. W. Anderson ! <,j . and lamiiy, Savannah; Col. Caml-le and family, fiords, are sloppy at the. St Nicholas.Hon A . Kendall and family, Washington Hon. A.R. Bottoll. \ a : Jodre Nelson. New York; MVa.: B. 1limit Md fam'iy, J'bUaoelphia; Rev! ' W. Clark, St. U uis; A. E. Randall. Boston; E, N. Mix. T. a.; R. O. Ranc'a'i. Ala.: Ur £mitb. I'niiadelpbia; H. 1 « zood and fami y. Ill . and E. Tracy, Troy, are stopping atHonse. •Cbev&lier Hti'seman Austrian Minister; Gev-i:« A Por- ter Oiioman Consul. W^hiDstoo: Colonel Cordis. Rus- sian Army; Judge Jenelt and family, and Geo M. Mc- Cooksnri lamiiy Onto; Or. H. F. Flab, Watarbur,, Conn.; Mr. and Mne D. J. Bcveis, Dr. Wetb*rell, De Frank Ijenzirfr.snd James A Abbott and fam-'y Philadel- phia. ai.d I. F. Gunlber and wile,of New York,a-eamong the arr.vaUe al the Clarendon Hotel.Tbe Uccon Post, of the 29th ult., says that T>m Snyree bas jctt received a very b*i,daorne testimony: trom New l ork, America. It is a gold medal of the sire o' a crown piece aitachrd to a ribbon, with three gold clasps, and U.e I.tiro Jack hoisted between the first ar-i second clasp. On the obverse side of the medal is tbe followingTh lCt° "* I""* «*« *"<•*"»i«K»- says—While sitting in the st»t . u houseoffice.;Lamp-Post Newspaper Boxes.sworn,evening, about eleven o'clock. Mr. J„b,and said that a mac had bb.en murdenV - i iiark streot; I took my cap atd club and went out, «r,. u I met several of onr officers coming with tbe body of ri(••••aeed; I mat effit^r Vim Buren. and on askirg him wl s <ne had in his hat a. be said be had a knife, which belongedctry v , n-an in Clark street; I a*ked Mrs. Gavin who was »k»r with the officer, what she knew of theVht ahetl he n l U,er.^Mtoh N^?wh r ITM**TMoftheofficer •' ^ *">! «*«« « * »>» knew who took it outof the eu.re, when ehe said she did; I Mked her who«r^„.,U"\1 "ne », d il TM Parley lunhntta? Istkcdherwhere Manhattan lived, wheni sbTsald bt\l u i o a c m s the way irom where her store was I the. to be emptied by the Post Ofliee carta once a day, and be- oocssionedgeneralitisgostandmoregrumbling,and still aTaa£id0|nU»\l-Le SpU wl*ro Ule «2^°k placa 11*n-atkrdeknewspaper bo\ea,'' aad perhaps painted' * - '..i.Joy enteredof tbe prisoner, and on ooming back to theatati^. T ^ SHound that he was in t»£ayTmr. QartolSto Shis wife while she wss at the^tationToulefand a « S adequate to begin wvhavli g seen her he made tbe remark that his wife i , „ „nothing about the ease; I refused to let the woman Z iNPIVlDrAI. WXAU I* LrxreBFBc;.—In Lynchburg. Va , bomewithherhusband,anddetainedherincustody inhome Some umVuS^^t?*^ H ' t « H f STS[i5af*S^ 22f " ^ wlM» fragment? Gioccxsriit Fwanans - p^-«- -• "~* JILTS!%£??L S!!.1*'S**** humaab-!nga Gteujester.Mass,this"smnme?7n^b<*DTe'-Vt**fZlimmH !i!^L.t k *"n rsn'fearfily'in AtleastUOvea-atsfromthebaT»£!iT^*itrom f00*i• w« m n a m every lastaac« when the rafta cimi> by Uus time withgOMO he/tam aaa^kaS?Te.b<,eo a t h o a , ° wiUiaa sew reds of the atwre, the heavy ro^rs wosW a paltry number of £ CO barrJ«"SyL t.—>*»^of thi« ijtyrsss . sskls sUfll sssT hm******* Theae f-c«n the bsy aad shore neet, prmeibmirftSLte.l.re?*'T<HlThepoorreturnsthisytarmay,nduiethT^S..1!6 i*l,ur^^"•^•samltatof the ('.arret Biblical InsU- of some other tsrsmaha.ef businessTCmmma-fl^a,eo1 half inches in depth and two inches in width waa rfttm.: Viotaar 8roaa or tYiAsn.-Qn Friday of last weak a ^ • L f A E U ! 1 8 thf» «»«« M excellent speech in favor ernor, and rx United States Senator of Kenfviky. Thafavorable year for tbe fiahnrW .2?U i emanly hearing evinced by Lim while defending the belt 1wassspmmUyseammeetiaMseflorissa.tpionged satwithtwelveorufteenmenreturnshomTafW «7J veredontheleftsideoftheback;thewoundpassedun ,vith a rape tied round hit body, thus seav* of foar av«ths wnh aa more (lab than « S u « ^ wards aad inwards through tbe tenth rib, through thaa watery grave<MD**id Eviston ana win, of Milwaukee,Thegallant fellow wasmest vioiettstorm Charles county,the latuxent. its Houses sad bans cat to pieces, and all destroyed.rf^h*^lt*^me,D!,of **naicM strict «dlanddia younglady.sheiresstowealth,andissaidtobebeauti- of wind passed over a portion of ^ ' . f ^ T 1 * * t h e W U c y " O foolishness of the separate ful aod accoK plisbed.• "^dal1 ln Jfwpwts for athereisone(ertcu three worth $260,1 worth from $100ah$900,000;twoworth$300,000: : four worth $200,000: seventeen to $160,000:twentytwo worthandCoropedoreMiningCompany;P.T.Way,oftheSanta Rila Company, and Edward E Cross, of Fort BuchanansenuobyafewMendsInNewYorkforthegallantaadhava l^en caught, dressed aad pmSXtmT^LT^ lower lobe of the left lung, dividing the aorta, and enter , 8 w l wg the right lung to tbe depth of an inch; about twelveid, extending from the Potomac to- was about a mile in breadth. 8 tob 80IJwritorfaliBwrement, and the complete failure of the so-Tbe Arkansas liue Dtmoaat says.—"The report that • fatal duel bad been fought by Dr. Mitchell andX W. Gartt.of that State, is utterly without foundation- tbe difficulty between those two tec tlemen aavlat a<a snUa t 2 * - J * l 5 r « ^««^amo«nuwte tom^r. 0,3 thanthd whole vaine of the mackerel. "TM "* *°****styled «'Provisional government.^ He concluded by ."STLS*"' * °4*•"» °***« «*• fo'fwms; resolution, which \nu7 espiedwill probably bold an inquest upon the body of deceased to-day.Arson Case in Canal Street. ARRESTOF1MBraOMUBTOBONfSCSPICIONOFSETTINe FIRE TO TEE MOUSE.On Teeaday morning, between the hours of two and three o'clock, a fire waa discovered in tbe lager beer sa- loon of Jacob! Miller, 440 Canal street. The doors were brok«n cpeniand the whole of the saloon was found to names. The nremen were early at the premises, and ex- tinguished the fire before it extended much beyond tbe saloon, where it seems, by the burning, to have iom- menoed. Fire Marshal Baker, accompanied )>y Sergeant Smith, of the Fifth ward, as soon aa tbe flataes were put eut, entered she building and made aa examination, and from the appearance of things, both up and down stairs, these officers were pretty well convinced that the Are was not the result of accident. In tbe upper rooms cot a partldle of wearing apparel could be found, nor could the proprietor be - found. The Marshal continued the investigation, and daring tbe sfte/uoon evi- dence was ejicited which authorised tbe arrest of the proprietor, and Sergeant Smith detained bim for exami- nation. Last evening the Fire Marshal, assisted by officer Laity, discovered that tbe prisoner, Miller, conveyed pro- perty from fan house on Saturday tort, and bad it stored at a German boarding bouse' at No. 40 City Hall place.tlon to be made with a view to nrsawsmttan, provided the facts would, in his opinion, justify such actijn. Proceed- ings to tbat eflect are now being taken by tbe Corpora- tionCounsel.the second degree, having, on the 16th of August attempt- ed to pars a $5 counterfeit bill on Theodore Matt, 31 Bow-In pursuance of a resolution passed by the Board August te. 1800, tbe Comptroller reported the following;tutted States District Court. Before Hon. Judge Betts. THESLATERORION.—'tr.n,prajuig tigress to.ru;; as.* Judicial Sat.at and lasdtfteirfrt. _ „ ..Tha. mtetiog scon attsr.-ta the heal of fosjiog, ad- journed. It was a cbaraictertstle frontier assembly. Every man came, armed and oa bombast, ready for any(metgensy.From Sonora we hear that the «'revolotion" atill goestbe bar, charged witb perpetrating tbe crime of burglary Buchanan, while asleep, by Mexicans, and one other man,was found on tbe road to Hermosillo, below Magdalena, tbey stood 1saw a man in his shirt sleeves; juet then a <onveved to tbei station bouse A confederate, named krown. Had been stabbed and robbed.the man retreated Into an alleyway, and was lost to view:I heard some women talking, and on going over to where officer, so that jCurrie and Harrison weie arrested and about eighty miles from tbe American line. Name un amc-i'Ctirg to $250, was ordered to be paid.the corner; I weut aroonl the corner of Dominick andClark street, when I found the body of deceased lying onthe sidewalk; deceased was lyiDg ia Dominick street,about thirty feet from the corner ot Clark; I stoop-ddown to pick him up, and as I put my hand under him Ifound that there was blood upon it, I spoke to him, buthe made no answer: I then went back to like allevway inClak street; there I saw Miller, and asked him if he hadanybody with him; be said "Vcs. Dick Gray and one ofTwenty nine's fellows;'' up to that time hen^versaidthere was any one with bim; Tsad he was smart to leavetbe man dead on tbe sidewalk and not gay anything to29m of July, bujt as there Mas no evidence going to sbow that the firing of tbe pistol was anything more than ac- cidental, the jury promptly acquitted the accused.The Court then adjourned.ollce Intelligence.unthelGihoi August John Mightson, from Albany, New York, was decoyed from his bouse into a thicket, and there lanced and robbed by bis own Mexican labsr- ers.On the 27tb of the same month Frederick Phelps, keeper of Mohawk station, overland mail, below Tucson, was murdered while asleep and the station robbed.Sept. 11 —The imted States nt. fA« Slaver Orion —Xb is the Apaches for assistance, which a majority of our people ate loth to do. For my own part I can see noBy Hi s arrangement thousands of newspapers will be sent with the extra penny stamp affixed, and thus Uncle Sam will derive s t l l greater revenue from the city dell- very tban at preeeat, in which, after monopolising tbeTHEPOSTMORTEMEXAMINATION.George B. Booton, being duly sworn, deposed that ha from $60,000 to $' i,000; sixty worth from $20.000 to and the importance of its better regulation, and passed amade a \K*1 mortem examination of the body of deceased LD connection with Dr Christopher Weltje; rigor mortis waa weilmarked;onexaminingthebodyawoundeightandM$40,000; seventy te worth from $10,000 to fl. .000, one hundred and th! ty worth from $6.00$ to $$,000, and twohundredandforiiy-sixworthrrom$2,000to$4000resolution to bold a Convention at an eakyda>ofthe miners and farmers, to agree upon all matters pertaining totbeemploymentofpeons. ••«"««Hon .Tobn Young Brcwx, the young member of Con- grees from Kentucky , was mart i*d on tbe 3d inst., to Mis*Rrbewa^daughterofnon.ArchibaldDlsoo.exGov-w*s of coagulated blood was round In the left plaaural cavity, tbe left long was much diseased, but all the otherThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentA communication was received from the Street Gonv rage. There was never before a time ir this Territory, or missiener ia answer to sa inquiry of the Board relative torather in this region of country, when there was saoh need of intelligent, competent, resolute officers orer tbe United States troops as now. A maa of position, of abili-books called ' Condenser and Receipt," retained by Ira A. Libby, former Deputy Collector of Assonmeats. Tha Street Commissioner states that he seggested tbat themight have been exerted over tbe surrounding country,over tbe various Indian tribes, and tbe people of Soooraand every interest of Western Arizona greatly advanced,and to set forth other benefits tbat a costly military sta-tion migbt have been to a country where there are somany dangers to life and property a; J every descriptionof business. AU this could be done, but your correspon-dent does not feel called upon to undertake the thanklesstask. Tbe efforts which be did make for tw» years toplace before tbe public tbe correct condition of Arizona,its capacity and its actual want*, were grossly misrepre-sented by a small sang of political fortune busters, whoselast project, tbe "Provisional government," has provedmore weak and futile tban any of their pre- nated by tbe Board.vious fabrications. It was a feeble bubble, which Th»- '•fK-rt of the Committee on Repairs aad Supplies,burst ere half blown. Nothing is left of that py a j >t of pound in tbe Park for the erect ion of a visionary fabric but a large scattering of empty Courl h< • ec, was recommitted.On May 12. Greenbury Byrd, a young former, wasThe committee in their report state tbat lb* work is progressing favorably, and that the result so ffcr clearly demonstrates that the riv^r can be renderml navigable for commercial purposes Tbey further state that ton condensed ann able report of tbe Chief Rig.ot;?r, John Mel'oo Murphy, details minutely tbe progrHta of the wortr,snd give*, alro, some important and valuable in- fortraUon, which induces the committee to re commend aA DBSVSRATBJHOTELTiaxT—atalatehour on Mondaynight the night watchman of the New York Hotel dis- pearance, severed from the body but a few days, was letter of inrtmrtions.covered a thief to one of the boarder's room*, and cilled found near the Dragoon Spring mail station. The features In view of the prompt and efficient actkre. and tbe cer-were not decayed—eyes grey, hair brown, teeth good— tainty of trespeedy completion of the work, they recom- aloud for he)p. |The intruder imuaediitely pallel oot a evidently tbe head o.' a young or middle aged American. mend tbat the above sum should be paid. Teens still re-In May, I860, a human bead, having been, to al: ap-cootieuarwe of the work, in conformity witb tb«> originala Mexicans have been shot while in the act jf , or in fights; and once three men were killed bythus:—SeetiiC S And be it further enacted, Tha' -^'thic oneyear after the passage of this act the militia v tee re- spective States shall be arranged irto divisioi s, brigades, regirortJe. battalions and companies, ss the Legislature of each Stat^ahall direct; and each division, Aa, shall be cumbered at the formation thereof, and a record made of such numbers in the Adjutant General's ofi>ee of each State; and when in the field or in service each division, brigade, regiment, &o. shall respectively take rank ac- cording to their numbere, the first or lowest camber the highest ia rank.This principle is reiterated in the first paragraph, vol. 1, | "Infantry Tactics." ' The above section would seem to render the position of this c ' p s clear and definite, and not subordicaie to sawState regulations.Personal Intelligence.Edwin yorrest has taken rooms nt the Metropolitan,p h u of exarperated Americans, aa retaliation American murdered.for anaDuring all this period Mexican merchants bavefreely with us, and Mexican laborers bare always i /.:ul plenty of work, with tar higher pay, more food, aad bet- ter treatment, than they ever received in any Mexican State They come among us, ai a general thing, poor, naked and hungry; and no sooner are they clothed, in good flesh, and in the possession of two or three dollars, tban they are ready to murder, rob, aad flee to Sonora And It is a notorious fact, seemingly in violation of all the laws of nature, of humanity, of affection, of erery sentiment of honor in the breast of a creature in the image of God, that those who treat tbem the most kindly, pay tbe best wages, are the most charitable and lenientto their many faults, are the very ones whom these despicable wretches first seek to destroy. In this re spect tbe Mexican is worse than tbe very tiger of the jungles, for even that ferocious beast willopposed the motion on the ground that there was a stipu State subdued, civilized and "annexed'' as soon as possi pirg at the I^farge.ThemeetingthentookupthesubjectofMexican laborof«'.oi-nriaaj.' On the other side are thewords.— "Tom Savers, Champion of Kegland. June, 1860 "t ' l e dAlderman Owirsa offered a resolution directing tbe Har- lem Railroad Company to redone tbe arch of the tunnel at tbe intersection of Thirty fourth street and Fourth ave- www.fultonhistory.com>a| $100,000 worth of property iaWithout a dissenting vote— —"rwu Resolved, That we, citizens of West-m AM.... *- 