 COLONEL HUGH FORBES TURNED UP AGAIN.of which was banded to Captain Brown cm the J i of Marc -••Yoorfather,afeweiayeafterIreachedr*a»' aeked u;«- * better I would be willing to regtrd as aaTHE PIKES PEAK GOLDMINES.nsaithib. States. The rmiteafraaajOmaha ap tneval " tbe BalsaleverftbePlatte,andaroutefromMaryavilie,almostattear wbsTn'?i!£L*"rectly west\fbltowtaf aaartbe Republican fork, are tbe PlqnnwtLetterfroaetla*Frten.*aafth* equivalenttortbederatkttneatofmyoocu^auooaaad ActlwaPrepnrnttoaafar(heSammar's onl?feasiblerowteementioned IfsucharoadweretoCamrepetonoetemquitotmildcanrenqui, Lebitur ex <calls nunc qaoeae gatta mei*WhentothenightIaskaaewhyI'vetoft So assay fao-s dear to aae, a tearFromoatmybosom,bymysorrowcleft, Will start, and welling to m y eve, appear.Calewe* Haaveoetsstonta »•«* fwr F o i b M• '•»•••Bmwrss-U e r k - R s w L e a d i uiec.vered— sTmerstmLneat—Scarcity wf r»rovtaiosse at DsavsrClty-Gitat Rasb tetbs Mimew—Bmttom- aiasninutoi.gtit*minoraOverHeestaxt'eStJosephharetoonesolidmassofemigration.Meanto nwnater t*n*«ss—Fcwtoae 1* Dnanto ava a. Oyater, ten *•• toDdBt feb 20(l|M.the k*s of that portion of the l«00 which I expended in the atrvtoe of the caste, but I am defraadel oatof the monthlyfylttoiicewbichItttpatotedtormyfamily.' Ez tran from my ctmmentea ton to the London lotl Slaveryta dotal* htm, aad a giverasaeai vessel started isthatfrom9eeator Bason, latnepreset Utcopyofmy reply toSenator Mason, whiih betbeen teat for treat-totheAmericanOoasal.from toe momeai I board m y nana mixed up withIsa'very mrgefactoryfeTtb* eona^'firofBrowo,Greeley,Haws,he,tothoBnrper'aFerryfelly, Iretorted nottogtvt tnyevidence11otltod , tt to wblchheh.daimed $m Though the teeb£oay apo. todoat Iototojaat motTOforehengtogmy IofMrCeHeadar-totheefleatthathepaidmetaoo—isWMtei fbwardAciaHani War, to-outsmomeat'atoss,totheMolelatheBitotefanise menae crowd, who showed b y ward aad aetton ttoafee'ing whichthegreatdtisen'sdeparture,aad thevttopereeeu- ttoatowhichhewassubjected,produced.tptatoo; but even were I now to tbiak uffcrMlUy from correct substantially, the bumaattartona, wBh their taaal i fairoete of dealing, aaem to try to dtotortjtoeju-aaeectton,informant, an e l iton toprooare aberty for the Haw*, then the 'well matured• t e a , " with aomo lima alteration, appearato ma to be appll-oabie t o the caa»- A f e w m>xJlflcaUooi lo the project wouldbe adrtoa'jie, ttooe e^me thlage wbich then were eaiyhATenoa become rfiffloult, throagb the much to be re-gretted Hamper a Ferry folly. Tbe Improred, or, aa Capt, rtety, In the aamo of While. That trilling discomfort,a frtead here, and a alteber ef toe water In orasaTI with the same oeremoay as Northerners wsuld aflwli to a party of guests atthe North. **Brown termed it," the weU majtorad plan.' I may •orre, waa determined upon by Capt. B. and my titer much aebberaiion, and waa to be a aabatittrte' for tho Barper'a l>rry folly—with tbe dtotinct uaderataodiug between ue lb»t the prelude shouldhowever, 1care little aboutg'i' (must closJ thii letter ere Itbecomes a rolume, so Ibeaietieeof asaoipedta, and abore all that a mixedcommittee of »Hlte and colored directors should be appointed without ohoee concurrence no step whaierer latbe plaa itael'ebould betaken. Browne assent appeared Krnnrys of the 2ruh .lacnary last c mc.ralng me.aiTe»rathe *(50oaready paid me.aol my exjieueet beet to ton city, since be bad been disappointed la the pro- Rtori mace to biro. I erupheiceiiy answered no. T oeooeratloB the present season it would ao dsubt be the beat paying read la the States, and Its future prosperity would of course depend on the mineral wealth af this region. PaaatngarabythetostcoachsaytheroetefromWltto«lr«.fwa.t-TlaeM $0C0had,aastipulated,beenap.lwdtootherpurpose*"TheenvyofOastreandhtomyrsaidnaawaaexaltedeven at the hospitable repose which that venerable tat* w a s seekiBg is a foreign land Already embarked, the order..W.HMnlwrwctPlan-rn»nsAclnl**" Again,tothetameletter—"Andeftorhhasactingwith tnirs-l hat»t*Hmsbdtna i>nUnre-laeUer gueroslty,fidelityandzeal,I findmyself notmerelyatVictory, * c .OC* DDtTKB WTT OOnninPOrTDbWCi.anxietylamanifestedtohearfromtbelongtalkedoffightbetween Heenan and Safer*, aad much money, cham-pagne, o n , Inolading claims aad oi y lots, changebands oa the tosue The fact of Heenan whipping Sayan waa announced to a company of esai oret now. Frwtuaately ha could aot ha overtek ,ra AVtWswWBrwrrmaOm,Hay6,1M0. Mi I«*a Bat-1 have to thank yaa tor y>>u,n, enctoitog Hotimy,3UhJao.,ll£8;-''At>out toeend of April Cap'. B FlovritMKi Condition tf Dmeer Citf—&******'pursuitgreats by a passenger to the coach, aa they panes* Btofrtondsaotifiedhim a fewprevtoueW,ofthadren I wee right in eeumeusg that sum it its minimuai. social questions, and not one will b e found If a n y are toaaaad of m*k og ».jooof it—mat sum b-Jing rather less | touched on,it is incl' tataily—a mere passing remark,tbaa half or wnai I »ts thea earning in New Virc I was rtaht to prntaatiag eaorgatioaUy agamst the Itl troatmeut or my children I waa right to refusing tbeand with tbe Idea of occupying as little time as posibfti. Thus, while long articles are devoted to this or lait futile political matter, whi e talent Is wasted in supportingtions. Aireaoy bare ih- y felt a smart or two train r«c >il. light tho most hidden rices and weaknessesoperationaseoonastheyarrive. Acanalisbeingcom-The defrauding and maitreatlag my children gtre nsa toneorerspotidettcedisuuitefu<ari'lda-nagegtotberenuli-sting humanitarimna Thebr.-»kngofeogtgemdntswthtoe wduoeo Biown (most oaturaay) to coaumde that !wwouldbetf-steUInantnlarmanuer,wh,<oivBra>:z*ia ai!zt:; HasAmericaalu'iroornot? Surely^outhKil baas aban lonoj'ut tmgrt suit the humanltt-uas; conthat ai-l-ndid and decisive triumph entitled h m. Paez,tbeGeneral,sttheageofreOectlto,fullofpres tigeandglory,employedail bisadvantagesianavonalistion, and to aee a mill in operation alongside of the swiftflowingstreamsofsomeportionsofVirginiaisa cunoety.eequcoiiy betook sucb moaatreeaaprwcluledtie;>«si- builj oi their throw ng hiai oterhoard, and he carried with him,on bib ex^mon tbat "carpet bag" filtof documentary ertaeoce, Impitctuog th-> re,Mrtu'..:rs in a manner there waa no posainlity of tbeir repudiating. The discovery of ibis 'carpel Dag' quickly aitareJ taectiiKEonii.. s atii-fc aro c^imtaenciag the journey of life, which srestill on the 11<?'%tepi of the alier that laads toprcgie », caanot, ebould cot,nor is it pasuoie for taeaa '.o b e ceprived of e»er> hooe, that they should doslrenoihing, believe in nothing, feel nothing. Ev.»a ware h u - man perftctabi:.iy an i;i>ii!K>n, and lha consolatory l i s of progress a he,it would be impassible that they saould n»: oelle^e aad worship tbat illusion aalthuha Waytbeycanrealizehowmuchtheyaremaking. Somensa- leads have been discovered within tne last week in the vicinity of Gregorys. One party of four men, whohad been at work steadily for some weeks without realizlog any li.eg and were nearly oat of provisions, struck a vein and took out $K0 ia four hourt, whan one of the party wasdespatched to this place for a supply of theraisedhertatherankofanation Hefreedherfrommi- t'tary desnotiegj, pave ber a tree constitution, a civ! go vernment, wise laws, and subdaed the Moaagss, the only ones who refused him obedience.fall enough, one wouU taink, to keep up a running of the water, is dotted with dams and small factories.From Alexandria to Lynchburg aba soil is rather poor. tbatis,itiasover> thinandcroppedaotodeath w.inone and only one kind or grain that it is soon run oui aa 1 exhaustea;ilisaredway, with a thin deooiitofsou, upon which very good crops can be rets*d; but wbere the soil is worn off, grain does not seem to tlaurisa Tear after year a field will be planted with corn, until the protone of the New Yoik bxi^ntstamp, tbe false propht t, a sosbirta tbe traces of Brown's Angers, ceased to treat htm as craxy,ajuda*amypiotaan sw>re NatTui-ueroutbreak. That vowu abouti have ma'.e hie carpet bag" a leading feature tn bia scheme waa his own set I did no: clun- ealhtmtonoso Niriml responsibleif mytrunkwasby the innkieper broken open, aa 1 mv papers laid holdof, at 707 Broadway, where for three <n >ntas I remttned nick and berpieaa rum an ttlnees contracted ia tu-s aernce of therepadautag humaaitariaas.Jtoenaflttog the $Oub (aix bund rod dollars) nenUoned b r Mr. fatten !ar (cashier of a Hartford hanx. I baiters,) that toattmony cornspoads in t h u partlcatar wtth whit I bare repeatedly said aad written When Joba Browa came to me, tor tbe flint time, in starch. 1857, be b n A ofmetoaa»ethecon:ui>nauponwJICII*3u!dgo^j*>. I waswholly taken bysirprise at tbepropaaal. solhalno desire to go; yet toeing that I ought not to rcru» to do sucb a service, I at ones rs- piledthataaIcouldi.enti><rlearemydaughter atonetoNewYorkor takeherwith metotbeWest,aha must, attbo ozpeaae of tbe antislavo-y bumanitarians,be sent to her mother in Paris, aad that a SJU of mine shouldoosaeouttometnborateai;t*>atIsboaldformy- self require oioibca, An., suitable lor Western life: basiees that1oestredtosoo>pteteaoo&eprivate buatneasarrangePaez, tbe President, gave to his military companions anexample of respectful submission to the la aa Devav 1tothe interests of his country, he gave her institutions of in-tellectual and material progress, oreatod for ber a reve-nue, stimulated ber industry and commerce, acquiredcredit for her iat home and abroad, and raised ber to the duce beximesso scanty that it will not pay for planting, first rank among th e Soath American republics.Vana tae party organs of that caMe to wipe from certaina necessai lee of life. Thcrs Is a large amount of quartz U not the. America press the faithful refl x of t*iat s*tua now out and waiting tbe arrival of mills. Some has beenS5 BBWaBD.-l.OfT. OB PBlDsY, MaT tt, Ioamo agsin to aa, from New Ligiend,easingthathe waareadytoafieetomytenna,via.»<M0 heeidenmyoxpaanaa,aad 11M permonth to tend home lamyfamilytoParte."latheHmuiDondfsevsof NewTork.STth or W n of October lost, can be foead similar atateawmte rapectiag the IflOO; also to my letter to Dr Howe, ltoh AprU, 18M , to reply » that of Dr.them en the Plains, whereupon tbey threw up thatrhatsfortheBealciaBay,aadoneenthusiasticinlividuaturned a couple of somersets, drew his rarolver, aadthrowingaphtobatmadeatargetofit Thar*tonothing else talked of here today bat the flght, aad theprobable fate of the Chartoaton Convention Althoughwearedeprivedofth*privilegeofrottagforthenextPrtaident,allmanifest a* much or more Interesttntbematterthantbeywouldto-UeStates Alleeembaudto make ap to talking ant hatting what they lose in voting.Our city ahtwa additional symptoms of improvementFoundations are hatog laid for twa large brick business Wa •Itoaantl th* effont of dbe governeseat to aetata him, wbea gotof ft buildings, aad additional frame baUdtogs are being con aad tha public todtenatton which tbat act of tofaas w s per- whichto regard to this city. Tae only branch of business wtu:a what Iformorty thought mi thai aubjfct, It would beebte- 1 with a Ttew to produce aa impremkm different froa the baa the leaft appearance of activity to the building np ofWe teoontptntod tha hero to the act of entnarktttoa^i^^as'r ,tuna a*leteiv umpomiblo for m o to notify alter a. Thotram Yet what etoe could follow when naa nan to deal a considerable number of reatdeaass and atora rooms.•re or tbt heart the aid* OM»PsrefuteI 0toa witness to givs evideaetenjoying snug iltuattoas. sslsecretortoijiBlhers ss trearapidly approaching completion tor bntlness p-irpaeea.him back th* people iroald & £ & » $ • •*•« *** by MtoaBopriaa—lender* to their profemtoa. Sathataew blood to reacue bim from A a fangs of tbe tigers whoqueauob* l.at10 me by tho pro alavory enemy, notcorrectly Whfla I am writing, I see Marshall * tf bite'shie anvea, kaowisg thaw taZ,a]w»,reteyT 2 ?W * Z f*arialere,however,oertatomatersupeawhichIdonotwhy •imply! wtma)aefc,ena*toghypocri4wl, repudiating spactilatore,traded for. Two aehooto have commenced this week- secutioe produced in the entire l><H>utottoa •^tnguayra year that ha had Some four or five handsome brick b ragtags are now one catted a Uatoa School, under the aosptcss or Prof We are certain tbat if thaw aiad^anoaadad to bnajgtofMwerleasforanygood,andtheonly praattcal resetof What to thertwtti moored piaaT" I never Ukei that BIMMHPthe road here by the passengersto the lastcoachbousesaresortowaeadwn*trees soawofuUfc-aowella*thottaaspedea (eeomy l**ter toDr. Bawe, dated May e, 1»68), for the carrying off of eUree by well directed etamoed-B woold, I beltore, tn a brief po- rted of time, aattle the qoeation of elarery In the United Stoma without the aec«M»y of recurring to an loiurreo- tton NeTerth*awo, ebould loaurrectiea be unaroidable toThefirmstandItooktoo?poslef theatopld andcor-dollars per thousand a>the yards. Prov'anaa extremely ing performed by the Express Company at twenty fireaoarce;Hour particularlyao,andselling at$89a$23per centspertotter,andtencentseachforpaper* Ittook* likeshighrateofpostagewhen wehave bamaooas-oBveof paaoa,Psca,inhtosecondexile,returnedto receivefromthe ten*ofWashingtoBalltheattentloasaadpublicdense*-here very large a n i very beam f'hsttaooffahasaverytan antoairon roof, and to vary roomy .* near the depot, t a d tea sapper u wtonT*.ooaapeaf wi h tame two or tores 7 the usual onetor- ten cavalry. H*reTaaewee milk at the meato to ana* and tilbs ats>aeetgwd, bat hmestone Mats It.and everyavlk thasame aa wewould water; tedead,ryoaseJF i t n Chattanooga the twotoratot, t a * for Materto^ theotherforMum.tto ad NewOrleans, starttC? and a n polled b y one ngtoe;*ihey g o together aaatu Bitot to Stevenaoa, whan they t n tepantod, J T proceeds lo Nashville and the ether to Measeat« Missawippi river. Mere waa oace tee jumping efsk»The Naabvtre tram is provided witb th toxsris. sleeping car Tbe Memphis baa tvane; and n a meach baring biaown prtram toiareat to ^ *r d' * J >—•teens of an. Goldnch and MM Miller, another select school taught a rule fromwhich hasever seriated m a .surers oV lecturers, or ooiiectora of fuads, «^Jjf««?" Some sweaty five or thirty frame dwelljugs are to varioustot DOtotoal tolloaace aad ptooe Bach mea wonld refretwehavenofearsbatoaryoangileaswillbetaught toskaotthirsted to devour htm Wrajtoaace, which never is toat-nSims tw?2r ^ » S S S S 5 tnnwr-oexM aaebayeaters Tateb*al«>-•*—.ish American communities Poiulos absorb everything; for item erery thing el-.; Is forgotten aad neglected.war on the Indians in the mountains, a a * a e leaving their women,children and ponies In camps near the white settlements.FOB MB, TBle t | I IIn order to be convinced of this truth, It is oily necos sary to glance at the American press alnce the achieve- ment of independence. Tbe principal, almost the sole, occupaticn of that press ia politi al polemics—the defence or rejection of this or that theory, according to circum-Dswaa CITT, May 0,1860.From Baltimore to Washington w e can have a berth iaa aleeping car by paying the price of a stateroom on our BW -TOOBS RBOB1VBD. B U f TOO LaTI _jo at and Irreepoeaible manageaseat with Browa, an error, a bias,a party act, or a thesis which ales a few the mines or to this vicinity. The weather has been ex-aad lasatuig that the direction be left toa oommlUee of managtmeot, conaecting therewith a portance, not only for the present hour, but for the fu tremely-unfavorable for the miners, and many faces lookhours after It baa appeared—questions of the highest im-finance department ao organized as to prerwt any onefrom "helping tbemtelree." 1 waa right in objeo ln g tocertam speculations not legitimate and to the Harper'sFerry tolly, and tn proposing something more rational aadhoaeet. I waa right in cons<iiiing two leading saohtiou in supporting th.a or thst man, this or tbat ambition —ia bad. Monday from ten o'clock In the forenoon till fire is a at Washington when Brown contra")- to bis compactwith me, returned to tbe stateless, miscbieroaa u t sui- cidal Harper s ferry pro)ect. I wasrttt'it in dijconntct lng myself from tbe bus neaa as it then stood, and in leav- ing the whole la tbe banaa ofthose iDtluentiaianti altrerymeatowhomDrBaileyhaiaopealeu. And1amright in leftuing to beeome a wimt^t o.-fore a pro altv«ry oommittee of the (Jailed States ,v aate, or before any Ual ted estates tribunal, thus far 1 am perfectly tranquil in my mtod.forno power,human or superhuman,can chance right iuto wrong. Tne false prop w i and the speculatira huaaaaitariana of tbat ciaaa may aaeent, and eren may pretend to beliere whatrrer tools to c u t blame on me,saameanatodlirsitpublicoiim fromthemselrea; buttbeyoacnotmakotru'hbecome falsehood,andevery efforttoaosowilla«eureiij recoilwimternole force uponthebeadstftbueewhomtyattemptsuchevilac-obscuring truth by diet of sopaytry—in toming away its apparel tn crt'er to ciothe it in falsehood riVi;<ftver will undertake tne task of examining thoo'clock in the evening wasalmost one continued anow-s pjaU, t b e Plains a t o n e time being robed In white; whiletare, are forgotten How mi oh has been written on elec torsi law,andbowmuchremainsyettobewritten? How maty days, how many months, and howmuch iuteri! gence, have bten wasted in trilling personal differences—On Sunday last the wind blew it extremely unpleasant out of(apers and periodicals pub Uhel within tbe every gllmps caught at the mountains shoved we werespace of ten years in the American Sistos, not the only ones taking a benefit from the storm.CBf-in BBOaDWaT BaNK. ONeATUkDATBOtland of looking for tbe questions of higb moral, intellectual or political lmport%ace with whja ih-jy hare been occupied, w 11 find himself woatidai la his best boi.es, in lit. ..ling nothing, or next to nothing,ahiihshowa elevated views, aspirations, thoughts for tbe future, or l'Jt.as which are above the convnon level.But that which one woold cot fail to Ind is more of the conditiOF in wfcich the preen, forgetting, igaoriu? or de- spisngt.irycon9iH'rauon,isnouieretbanacynicaland ban.a'ci cvi:n;s»n,whooccupies herself solelympub lisbagletteredreputationstothefour winds,uiraieiDg thecurtainuo:xtl'edomeBtchearth,aaddraggingtoNo doubt It will be tbe means of discouraging many a one who has met with poor succsss thus fsr, and will probably be the means of many starting for the States. Thin storm will p u t back prospecting nearly a week a n d be c o email source o l inconvenience to miners already at work.tog 26Utost apewgio uiiea said DuX ftosai will b- uberallj lexarded b- eaving tae asms vtotsasObserving &o nium barrenness and mliil tren;e, IWls naturaltoinquire,iatbeintelligentoftbf» Aonrfoan. lamiii Ueac IHMIBit*'or!t at nothing? Tathersnosa cred purptiee, notone ftuitful wish, which it longs u removedfromwater,aadwithoutitcomparativelyworthlees. Thesewhohavequartz leads aresteadilygcttiagcut tlv metal, patiently waiting for mills to cotno before lng bis country, From a Bototan province or colony he Through New England every little stream, with scaro; be Ifbrrally rewardedsstnts before tearing New York, which, were th*y to of one of the Satos;anlif it protest agaiau injistic^, a meatuie supply nil our wants for the present, but still, up arms in order to chastise that unheard or crime. I art onebe neglected, would e&ianon m e lose—to cover ail which •WO. at the least, w.wwd oe neoaaaary Further, 1 stipi totrAjnat the engagement aboulti b e 'o r n o t le«a than o n e year, aad that m y tamiiy should bare one hundred dol-andclaimrespectforr'gb.,itsrotes hasnoforce,andIt despised 1. ia but a abort while sinca a a Amincan jour- xal. in lmpcfcn.ng tho conduct pursued by the EigLsh squaoion n tbe w*'ftsof La Plata, with the ioUatioa ofn.-ieco ghtomaieriajiyreducethepresent highratsi. Mot.ey ta very scarce and hardly to bo had at all—30m mtxdiog 20 par cent p-.r month interest, realestat>orwasnotwithhimtotbatholycause. Reduce1tothemise- ries of a dungeon (Mazmorra) to the castle of San Antonio, and loaded with chains, he did not cease, nevertheless, to protest daily againat tbe atrocity of that crime in which theNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, MAY 27, 1860.i uOouneofBrectiti*—Scarcity ofiMmberand /Vwistowa— ^Mtoesfsr*»<Mls-jasa^rofaen to »« Iflatos-Satorn ef&Hammkk0M9»ken~0mmMcmenltiontmt OrtWtftUOmiuetrfthePrtptvnnofar ThereisnothingparticularlyneworInterestingt»note; of a patriot aae.oftwa• _ e n t tha fastenand a Spaniard—to Inwhoatheaeoaasanoeatred ail opposite a n l ooaoMtieg pnj*-w-rVatorery to cease, for then their ociupattons would stages of coc*traction, some being nearly 9tished. Build- whwh1hartaoobjectionfollytoexplain.vanishAStothesincerebutsimplecontributors,theyingmaterialsarescarceandcommandagsndprice.Pinstrainoftwentywagons;loadedwithprovisions,comingurdv in coaatnlBK the wtoked, did not permit a month to Mta^over before Oaetro toaad kimself to t b e prison b a bad prepared tor Paez, aad the people have aot oeaant to invokehispresencessthegsaatfnead ofallVao-zie-oreeomptetsly«»kdbytnemeoagert;thereforetheyareNaltotflfromtbePlains. Moreheavytratoaare reportedonef ne'.'raa."' aa'tnar? W^ ^ aDigging*-**TMas Tawrfw*t-J»oawSnow on the Plaint—IUMach-.nery to CruiK tht Quartz —Geographical, lopogira.- ptical, Argentiferous and Agricultural fkaXuret of thi Geld Region, die,Since m y last little of lute rest h a s transpired either atNorthern steamers; but by ao doing w e avoid the three changes w e are obliged to make, from cars to steamboat and steamboat to cars, crossing th e rivers between Balti- more and Washington. I arrived at Washington early to the morning and waa staged across the city to tha Alex- andria ferry boat, upon which w e can, if w e aee lit, get a passable breakfastAt Alt xaadria I took the Orange and Alexandria Ball road for Lynchburg, going direct across tha coantry, aad saving a lot g angle that I formerly had to take to Bich mind. These cars are comparatively new, and w e ride along very pleasantly, with at least the comforts of cleaa- Unees Here, probably, I will more particularly notice theiactthai themaatravellingwithoutatodyit iookel upon through tbe South something like aa we treat our em grant passengers at the North, and is restricted from tn'erisg certain ears a s tbey are exclusively reserved for ladles and tbeir accompanymentt. I think, and my ex- perience has been no siignt one for*ths last ten years, tbat at the South there to more sociability among railroad travellers than at any other part of oar country. It It not a apodal sociability reserved to our felnw passengers on tbe aame seat with us, but a general one, taxing m tae wholecar. Itisliketheoldfashioned stagecoach fa veiling, where tbe mutual contact of one's elbows wu.a your neighbor's ribs tends to a mutual knowledge of eachother'stemper,andfromnecessitybringsoatOUJ'S socialpowers.. Taeaday 1 was very avueh disappoint*!, a s m s to keep t oar appotwtaseai tbs teat day I will teetn oa Hoaday or Tuesday, Basse tune aad plane. TBlJtolWAICTKD-I"POEMillOH O F TWOBTAS QOIff.! marlT a saerebaat talernf Coallm. tealaadwto to ibis eroalry for«j rears agB or of nay of bn SOOLaddreas Oearge Qutoa f! Oalranaw place. n«w Tartah M w r njift iroufliD.VN^^^a^a^^»^»^^^^a»%^N^a^ays^aa*^^^»»^«i^^»^^a^ia^a^i^^^>^^^s>>ir^i^r^i%il%^a^a^»a>a>LOfiT-APCCkbt BOOB a.r HALi* COUBgE, sw wMhfrentMtort If the tadar wtHtof^railas a* sirred where tt can be bad be la watooma lo ta* •auae> ti papers and Jersey City terry ticket are of eenlttr ratat tbe owner, addreas er leave seek tor Horseaata at BwiLOBT-ONTHBXtTH1N8T.A "BabL8.Z8BUfll green eolsred Parrot witb apale yella• head,wba« tall loieraeeraed »tt* red aad jeitow $3 will bspsMNrldehvery of aaid Parrot to W Hereer street.Prt'tnseDttrimtntmlto Mining—gloomy and discoursged.fiercely all d a y , makingdoorson tne Plains; intbe mountains itwas notquitesoReportsfromGregorysarestillfavorable. arebeiogmadetoputthequartzmillsnowontheroadinOBT-A BTCD. BIT WITH KMfBALD AID Ki i motds Bewarusirenatfitm.Stark'splaneLOBT-Ofl BaTORDaT BVBMiaG IB OOUW U I ttN Canal street to B e 6 Iteawbstreet, a i'ortBHtsiB as talttog$.714. Asyoorton6.dugitsaamswditoat rewanedbytearingttattbecnlceafuexseB.-oauto street.STBATBD OBOT.oLVW—"WTHSM.-R*1I., tae Mth tastent. from tbs esbool roots ol I rat e.'hurcB, Barelay street, a 1t j a>og fio I siear sit, M ci.pceaovertoee*t»,ans»tr*tol£«aameofWaiav'•> :it.eroranyprrxmrirtua information abo•-.•daw4Jf OawtlI s ^ U AjaDS.her BBWABD—FOB TH* RtrVBB TO Ntt « »XT» O areetot aam. 1bla's and taa 1eg rmattm I •table at the bead of ike ailer ronetac from kUsiraeal n «>etwsenwasbtaroBi«ut ardntabbstreet Tbrsat' 00 a German stiver <•A at, with a anall brass padljct. sai aweta to lae aame <f Tip.ofMining Opef-India*to reptwaantthafastenafUcaf feelings in tot* for thee hero,,he was coaedsoated,,"withreasamcVahe*-»?S^^^**abmes *a>ary tight theoTaus* wetowttb bit MM, sad arrange tha work far tba'^r Iheytbe*wwniege^reaadtoane^mgrstTs^S(lumberbrings$60perthousandtoitsroughstate.toenbghten lnnji»mve Soathernen, for instable, tb»ir aaarifloea ia to fatten the wolTes which feel uponthe 25c a 3Cc per pound. Brink selling from $10 a $11 We now have three mails per week-the mail service be- lant.and have called on him to bring hto country the urea teat1ever aaw ittnnes U. • • - - ^rupt Hariwr's Ferry scheme ought to hasa procured forme the lasting gratitude of all sincere abottttoaitts. That hundred— mostly brought to small qnasttttot by tbe emi- tomed to the small tariff of the United States mall W e BtrnttoM which th* constant defender or paptiar li sertyieeling abouM hare tecreaaed In its Intensity when I re ruseo to giro m y toatieiony to tbe Uunited States Senate and courts of justice, though by that refusal I Injured (perhaps beyond remedy) m y private affairs, which wero just then getting into a prosperous cana'tton, for the first time aii.ee tbe anti-slavery humanitarians cheated m e in 1857. Trt,although somuch was duetomebytbeNew Eoglanders, who profess an antipathy to alavery, thoirgrants from the States. Several trains are no w on the sre to have a weekly Calted States mall bare aboottne and tbe high priest or the republican system deterredlentwas,asusual,repudiated,andIwasallowed toqiit America last November, on board the John Bright, witb a steerage passage furnished m e b y the St QMrge's 3 3will mere y quote wbat I wrote on a former oc;aslon. ' If I beagammistakeu;tfeveryabolitionistInAmerica,evenIfevery abolitionist is the world, were to tarn rascal, that $20 per ton in stork; wool, $e per oord, deMvered. would not alter m y opinion as to tho great wincip'.e ofright contained In abolitionism " H FOSSES.Western Iowa and its Orvwth—Immen»t Emtgralitn to ths this act to the executive power alone, m ay grant aa >•ashriiie I eajoyrd tbe ad rat tags ef- e atgbti rixCOM of MY HaPLY 10 TUS LUTES Or SK.tJkTOR MASONSia—Tt>o"j!h It may, peihaps, be an irregulan'.y; I have no occtslon for trading hare. The best take tbe ;ibeity of myself rtplylng lo your letter to Mr.trade now Is with those who are discourage 1 anihomesick,andare makiog preparations to return. They are felling off their ei-ck aad outftt at extremely lowrates,andwillisgtotakeptsseog*r|bacistotheupper Mi*.ouri river town, and the'kindness of the editor of the Council Bluff Nonpareil, I aend yon a hasty letter. ThisIsoneof theoldesttownsInWestern Iowa,andla 1850 It was one of the principal places of rendezvous for Marmot*, alter their exodna from Nauvoo; and when yourcoirespondentfirstreachedhere,somesixyearsago, more than one half of' the population were Mormon* Then, with its itinerant population of about 2,000, it pre- sentedalltheappearanceofaCaliforniafasttowsof 1S50. Itwasdecidedly a fast town. CanvassroofedmtB-'•Car KnaltTllia Correspondence.cm, hatitsHayorand Common Cotra-n'.aad hitan, O, asaxA*n the bast taeclcal eottegn ia tee United mates. §»*,_ wareriy paea, or three hundred staieats graduate yea* y,aadtotsaioa1 feesty rank highly to thatr profeanot Art.tomeaanotreryooralal, an1 in myletterto hisson, dated New York, February 28,1»58,I wrote. "He next proposedajointdieiatorablpofnimselfandmyself;Ihell forthecommittee,andthatwasInallyandmo3treluo tantty oonsenied lo—ao rtloctantly tbal 1 have alwaya bad mltglTtngs as to tome reconsideration of that point beingyrtbroughtbeoreme." Itwaafurtheragreedbe tv«*oustfcatnose,txcepttbecomuuueetobeburetiter appointed. should be informed of tbe tul. deitus of tbe »>wall matured p l a n " Wnether B-own Jid afi«rward* cooler with bisIrtenda tn Now EugUad rtspecltng Lie n <i*t'ptramcH '0 o u r '• well-matured plan ' I canu<>taay; 1 should think that he J'd no«, became they cloiij so ts nacieualy to the Bar^r's Ferry fully, though Ui.s may be ac»uuiel for from the fast tbat some ol bia barters loiuved Lij-oa a gr»ad and suua<-pe>'af,siicb»Atheanizireolliego^ennieiit axaenai, abich, thn--gti hi to ' T oc'.y » sh->rt tiae, wouldthose pp.c-lators prevtuusl/ in ih-, s-jcret to rraliz; large open'y lee are that I did so »4rtly bicsus.i maay Gregory 's or Boulter. Th? sno r at farryalt is nearly allHad1reraaiDedintheL'ulu-dStatesand been forciblyrsriMd to Wa»htpgtoo or elsewhere, as a witness In theBarper'sKerryfoliy,IshouldhaverefisedtoharetsetlOed, and sb^ttid oatequently rave been committed to States at reduced rates of fare. Tney have a new dodge prisonforcontempt Tatre'ore,asmyperpetuallmNasavtu*. Tana , May 21,1860. fioCroodTripfrtm NewYorktoWiuAetT!*—dewatstoda-Nashvile tbere are some very fine ferns, bat u», tbemarewelleurtivsted ThetoraptsaaewaUn. theyptoaghdeeptbeywillturnnptartherefore tbey iltm along tha tankerrvsz<bmsib waasb •SawilFa aSBM****B< WbtohOJpraootiKOt ucuid e*rv» so mtfui parpoee, I Lhongbt itBetter to cross t'^e Ailattio In evading the summ<jnii of the Ut,i'-d Sutos authontl-s I was not aotuateabysryiearofmobr!o;enreororprosecut'on.asaaact-ompilceoriaptamBrowa HadIdecidedu;wsgivu-g rjpy Ust.ntonv. 1 sh.JU'J hwedisregarded any ruis Imight'tsve nourred. After the trea^berous anl alro Bieuoed with ounshierable vigor. StUl tbey aio uoab'e tohad a fi'emant c lebruioe, which was a well affair, and they bad delegations trea Ksttottoaat cities,whichmadetbeaffairpanoff Tneinsurance eon-panygave tbe• f1,090,aadht ft,COO, wtth which they w e n entbtod to make t tpa,tb-refore, OL tbe . a e Lan ' tbe raaca.'*. aad oo the oth-r baoo thetnemy, 1aairee.xvsi to have uothicg to djw.ih sitter party.the road, soxie of which are expected here dailr.The Tarryall mines are b<-icg mora foliy developed. News from tho South and MiddleA DOPTIO».-A BB8P*CTABL« FAMTLT WOauti A edootanewly bora feoaale ebhd, wilt peaesatamof tbt!>e ahq urg.d him forward lacked Integrity gnco. In tbe Scuta Park there is still a considerableof purpose,ani thewhoiesibetne wasstupid,aatouid1km finlistoSnowwhe'heralittletrra'tBconSUT#lusurre,Ui>La ft»»ard. • Wo»i*jever thy haart tii4etiit3 colored people. Had any p'an of ginug liberty to tbe preseLt favora'Oe weather eaonld continue, th-jre will be do, do it wnnitii mi^tit, tas coma to li^ht ft ran starts b<en decided upon, based on oaimm senxo aad iilile troublo tn gettir.;: there in a wtek or ton d^ys. I menoei «mh tbt a u u ^ i e o' ihe U.'a*tiira oat Jf K?ypt, coroionhonesty.Ishoullcertaintyhaveapprovedand sawaman'iomtheBlueyesterday hivingasicoleofla ItWawttT"**,the stores seem crowded with purohsiers. So it is justacross toe Miss.uri river to the West, at Omaha—onedense crowd of anxious men en routs tor tbe i'lk-'s Peak road ferry boat, and after a quick trip I landed at tbe anyi^tna, or numott Kxnanoa m uu t.i lBVHtV*sijtn* oi •ii.'iitv.quantity of sno*', and it is quite difflc ill to get over into the MLidie l'arx o^,tho Blue at present, sithaugh if thsPANK-I CAlinOT 0 0 « •Airhjr>av7~lrbl iJeanlaair . M. 1 1 TMand euoec w.th the t tunpc of rim iKunr.go. B-»wu QAI a metiu'cr'.'t co^jor i«o •net it U ht» ac^n foaad and pubi^bcl 1should like a co,jy of It U aee wuoibar it his been »ii"!' diprobably bave participated in It.lnstly, respecting the pecuniary compensation f>T*redme should I return ana give eTidence, I bag to inform thegoll be got on the s,ir!ai» oa the banks of tbe diu», s ime fiveiii'Us from Us source. Tne gold waa in IS-KR parti ck-e, from tbt s.ze of liax seed to common bird soot, aad cot unlik* in shape. He«aid h e aad no trouble iu realizheavy knives, upon all aorta of specimens of butnuity are met ai every step. By every stream aad greive of timber are found quantities of canvass covered wagons and tents, and tbe country seems alive with ' Pike's P ake r a " OH residents are lorrakiug their homes, aad start leg westward alter gold. I notice aa improvement in the emigration this year m one respect, and tats la, fifty w o men are going out with their husbands a n l fathers where one waa found last year.A gentleman this morning a t Omaha, w h o b i d just arrived from Fort Kearney, informed me that fully one thousand persona per day were pass lng the Fort,-en route and anxious It is anticipated that there will be another s ampede of the emigrants this season, as occurred last Ibis is founded, I pre-uoae, upon tbe fact that a goodly portion of those en route now are composed of menwho are entirely unused to labor, and who will be dlsappointel la nut finding gold in great abundance, and to be obtained with but little trouble.To morrow I start ap the country and through be rioh farming coantry of tbe Missouri slope, and will endearor to give the HEKXLD'S readers a view of Western 'owa be- fore I return to Nebraska. But llttla rain has fallen,and tbe prospects are very poor Indeed for good crops ia tbe Far West this season. Some live hundred Korm>as ar- rived a few days since st Florence, N. T., and Joseph Smiih, it , the n e w High Priest, is expected soon. Many of them are en route for Salt Lake. More anon.gamtcta ***General Paez.[Translated from El Oonsutuctonal of Caracas. Venezuela, of March 8, for the Haw YORK HSSALU ]With grateful satisfaction w e have'learned that h is Excellency the Vice President of the repuolic bas written to our Washington, calling him to the bosom of that country which be liberated with his sword, elevating her to the rank of a nation—giving her a constitution and laws—creating for her a treasure, and acquiring for her a oi edit, both at home and abroad, which placed her ia tbe van of South smTican republics. How many noble sensations, b o w many glor'ous recollections, a n l h o w maty debts of national gratitude, crowd on the imagina- tion on bearing the name ot Paez, the living monument of Venezuelan g'ory.The preservation of Paez is one of those great gifts for which Venezuela is Indebted to God, who ao visibly p-o toctsher. Few nations, very few, behold Inone man alone the embodiment of tbeir history.Paez, the young m an, consecrated all the fires of his youthtothestruggleforhiscountry'sindependence. FromasimplesoldieronthebordersofAranca, hewent fromvictorytovictory,andfromrankto'rank,totbe plainsofCamboboThero,amidthesmokeofbattle,hej at to b e heard of b y t b e Camden a n d Amboy Railroad lolkt; and as if to ep to the travel.er ever their road, they keep in use their old cars with tha ordinary seats,the backs of which are simply calculated to break one's beck with every start of tbe train.From Philadelphia to Baltimore w e have the luxury of eld and very dirty c a n , which, If their look* do not belie tbem, bare not felt the one of a broom or duster since tbey were first placed upon the need.Upon our arrival in Baltimore we are taken serosathe city to the Baltimore aad Ohio Railroad depot ia mam- moth caia drawn by atx horses; the same arrangement of seals ss the small city cart of our city railroad*.IHVOBMATIO* WAWTID OF T30MA* FlIUi* btaskantua. from a akarsiaa eaar KeUo, •satst! •> 1 Bivsato. ataten Fasrbssra, aotte Uraage. a . J.Tataasis «a<aaatrteedbeciaCetnswr sawof I'oomi Ot fou* sief<Hcto C ntiiBi^OsVlflS 7tr BsangewtrmgrpBtJrac Caaaffitoifi,Mtteror fett Tvs r-saanrtufr*t9laaaea ate-h\g-SJSS&lto gond ords pentetaadiADMIKISTIiB •theFail ..jaweatBiAdmtotowiMaJS. tern had at Bo. 1aLBBBTTIO0BBE The]46Weat 61x1BsiThe aae' totoadeaaal tea U. teat torva at •not'ailtojroveIr.rirtous ta abolitionism,andtatbifrreAfter reaching Camden I crossed the river In the rail-Pa^toattnetoatBbpsaaeefreataease, aadadareaaby tea*,., IhtoFaAMil' ba* ImessiBBi.saBBSssslittnsi teaaaawteMmUnited States Senate and its Select Committee, that al-So tbat slavery be aholiabed 1care not wb >ma? aooom though tbe corrtipi, repudiating aa1 S'-ecclating Amarican lng ttn ceuts per'pan Tbemowwann halelt there was. paab tbat deei<i«ratucn. tn«re'ore no o'Msa q i*s idoiag shall draw from me the artaits of the ''well matured plan,' rtap*ct'ug wm.n I already hareofua b ,'j mu>rr.> gated. Sboulo, boeerer. ibia same plan, or ear other, be aiu»,niKtcu Wy tbe relgtouii, or politic*!, o r apecaJtuog N e w Engitnl repal: atora, e r b y tboan aw^aoio, protiog im^raecicaiOie*, mea la pettooats and woaea lo breeches, wbu attwiu thespring aaaireraariee, I fear tbat It wiil pcotre a an»erab..e failurebumsntartans have brought m e into extreme ficaacaal Sifflcoltka, I am n H for eaie H F JR3E3-To the H.iLv.'fcb.t 1 M aUsiiN. CQairmas of tbe Select Oommittee on H*r;« •'( lerry, Wnahr .g"-mi I> C.too deep to perreit of thorough prospecting.Tbe Indians in this vi'iaity bave been snaking eerkvii comp'ax's agaic&t the wlytes here, aad not entirely wits out cause, I believes piine paiiy owing to some w d i young men gettirg on a spree and going to their ciaop. ti'«in» the aquaws, and abus'ng tbem shamefully M asures bave been token bythebetter portion ofthis comaianityTB J-MOTB1BBBCTIE. L. B.-ALL RUHt. C; AH web.The 8*uia Amtrtcaa Press.^Tranfiatfci iiua u w 8eminan> of Asuncion, Paraguay, to prevent similar outrages being committed, and also toLlZETaVTOU DTD SAT TOU WOtTLO Kigali; R sjole to haste and repeet la aixtoos tome 1n faithrnUy e n year prosaiaa, and bo*e tor a s early 'witte againIZZlK-TH•8al^ FjllTA.VfgD OU«MlaTtK Saturday. Meat tat at tae same plan sai smfcrthe N'sw YORK HsaaLDJI o'jtlcs have always been the great mania of tbe Span-pacify our copper colored friendaThe Incianr of tbe Plaina are making preparations forfe"soSAbOB i8.;;-i>o, I'm hni attent-1thank yenheartily forbaring taken ny part Inmyabetnoe. Do not get yourself into hot water on my a;eovbt, as that w.mut greatly grteve me. I tea thoroughlySetiaOed that throughout ttis affair 1 bare acted neatly Iwaa right tn coaarututg lo g >W at for tbe aervtcti of h imantty agatnat tbe pro slavery border r.tllius I waaright to dtoitndmg fron inose who hegge 1 me to go aauffldecy ur tbe maintenance auu educ«ti<>a of m y otul stance*. Look for industrial, commercial, agricultural or Prryroa of Mining in the Rich Digging!—Scarcity ofroad here with flour and provisions for this plane, which will probably reduce the figure* cnoatderabty in course of a month, perhaps toss. Ileal to worth $12 a %4 per ban-, dred, and scarce; wheat and corn. 10c per pounl, and hi demand;oats,$3a$10perhundred,anlsoaroe;potatoes forplanting,20c.perpound;onions,2»c.per pound,and in demand, as are all vegetables; beans, 15;. per pound; bacon, ham? and sides, 3 0 a 35c; lard to demand, 35c. a 40c ; butter made here fresh s ills at 75c ; prine firkin do. from the States, 6Cc; eggs, 60c a Tic per doson; Whiskey,$3a$5pergallon,orretail25cperdrink;hay,1st of July, but nothing shartof a trt-weakly oaa napIn oar attempt to glance at tbe Immense voiame ef Paez's glory, we have scarcely been able to toooh. some prominent points. Il to a worn of much t.me, of labori- ous work and much intelligenceNew that Venezuela has conquered th* rebellion agatast her institutions, aad the legitimacy of her gjvornmsat basshowstheomnipotenceofherpower,theVK»Presi- dent turns hto eye* to th* rounder of oar republic, to ceil himtoberbosom,thatba maycontributewtththegreat power of hto vast sympathies aad with the wtodoa of hto counsel* ta tbe re eetabuahment of peace and harmony amongst all VenezuelansWo congratulate M Tcvar on such a vtry juat aad proper measure, and hope that our Congress, laattetieg tbegreatConventionwhich yteldel themagnanimityofBusiness generally Is very dull. Everybody Is golr.g to tbe mines, or has already gons Emigrants are continu- ally passing through, bound for tbe mines. Most of themKansat Xebtatka OoU Minn—One tkowand Pertont perDay Passing fort Kearney En Route t» the Mines—Qmt-bono*able recall to the great citizea to whom w e owe in- Dependence, nationality sad civil power. There will aot be era* one member of Congress who wUl not glory to aiding witb hto vote an act which jasttae, graft Me,aa-thto road I saw tbe first t e d ef cotton u h a plant BOWjnst starting, aa* tote* aosseUitag ttotoa, or like field peas I arrived at NasbviUe aasnan o'clock A. M from CtaamnoogeMioirg operations in Urrgorys diggings bave comhouses, and small sbanties, containing sometimes two and ntrn'i CWetrrarton—0eafJ» of the Manger of the Math- show. The eM manager of tbe Naahvtlto theatre,j.freal i*e much tf yet or want of tbe prooer power to workthree families, and nearly one half the building} tn tbe p'ace occupied ss drinking andgambling sal>ons Now thepermanentpopulation01theplaceisnotfarfront3,*0, and excellent b.-ick buildings ana blocks bave uuea tbeGreta, hasJeat died. He was nmcfa reepected,aai I believe, quite well kaown atthe*"-PERSONAL,.hPreparationsgreat anxiety to the tirnt whan a reflraadcommitani friends, aad with the sympathies of the entire papula- dratotoply our necessities.K.«^*^ !.»,„», h d d b t o AH my in ormatlon at present to •«»« «t ** ! '1 I' «gleaned from these coming from the «n«»*u t o «'*t t d .1 »» aVrry to say ia not very favorable, aa soon as the weatherbecomessettledIaball«aeavortogive^yoatn formation from actual observation, at present very lit tto^anbareaUtedaatotbetrue atato oftoe,minesbya visit there, tbe weather betog to ooid and stormy that Ibere to but little doing to the mines.OCR CODWCIL BLUFF COBnBSPOJTDEtfCK. Cousan BLCTTQTT, Iowa, May 14,1860.weeal^IbroaghVirginiseverythinglooksatastandstillThe pleted to furnif h pure water to claims heretofore far re- received from Boiirsr the highest military g ade ta which log huts are deserted, factories sad nulls going to destructtou? W i.y . if society nee<is life a n l activity, doesii Dot cocmuninato it of i'i o vn ^jcor-li' Abava all, way taken frtm a depth of seventy Ave to eighty feet, and ais it so little expajoflivo, so im.liferent, »o familiarly local''— majority below forty feet in depth. It is proved be-to use an expression sthtth more aptly cbarae'erizos it. yond a doubt that there la gold In abaa-Why is it n o t lets Chilean, lets Argentine, e s s tirasfciian, dance a ll through this mountain region, fromless Peruvian, am; more America? Xi onr proas—.he Lo g a peak to tbe Spanish peaks and below taere. power. Psea abaaooned his fl^oks and eeiz*l once more VirgiuiA nor Tennessee a bright red co w; suoa aa animal•J tween West B<oatway a n d Oarastae straw, • ismost ei*mi' n\i,.i oi of all—mindful to cast its eyas bsyond the i.roita of tbe republic, to stuly U.3 general aituuiou ofrAmerica, to traoi Us life, to give its va iuus .Slates theBut t is a problem yet to be adred whether it can bea-.'-'e topaytotheminer. There has at yet beenbuthis sword to repress tbat attempt The Moaagas con- quered, h o ptrrfuoei them and replaced in t h e Presidea- nal chair the wise citiaen whom the nation bad chosen. This set procured the title of Illustrious CStixen, which the Ootgrea* of his country bestowed on bun«psj bloods ooetrp eat for a awal Ths SB»*W re«ari«mo;»1 support of op'nioa when they supp >rt tae rigot litie capital inveted iu miring hire. Matt of the emlpath, to want and correct them when they g> aeiray/ gration here Is a c!a*a who bring nothing with theaa butfbe press of other r3tate« in iirao* of repose, wh»u it hvs proviaicDit and ordinary tools for prospecting and gu'ca Paea, a second time President, gave an Impetus tawell informed and lnu-jligent man, and be said that they havetbeimoreamoathataredcowwillout8tau1tbeclimate. Thus t b e only favorites a r e either black o rwnito, or a miit are of the two colors; that a abort datesince he bad collected a drrve and sola them to thefarmers through Western Virginia a n d rbnneasee, a a athat the pure black or white commanaed th - oest orioeiTbey do not, in this aeation, house their Block in the wtator; they run out tb e whole winter, and a now 10 the spring ispoor,witbtbehairwornoff,aadlook*likeanythin* caaewbiebwillbedeeenbed.Theabo«er*wardwitW»Jjlooihicg bttter t) do, esaiads .is of a n-j'gaoor's fau-,and not always for tbe pnr;oee o( giv eg ounsel—more fre quentlytowound,tolatghatmU'ortuue,aadmfHima Siccus relketous upon tbat neigqbor'ii oaskwarai ass.the advancement of Venezuela and delivered her to his sujoessor, peaceful, prosperous and admired by all nations,allberpledge*observed,aadatreasuryovertiow-wilthepaidbyreturai-g biato49 nftbavecuemiciLg With latHues now use-1 o tentimns mare is t>«4>.thansaved,am withbetterfacilitiesmiremayoerealized by working over what bas passed through hands mg with millions of surplus. When, when shall we aee ofthe miner ence alrealy than was realized atfirst. her again in so happy a condition? SomanygervicesACft BFWARD.-LO-T. ON THURSDAY KVtsW gHJ*' 24th Inat., bet?een 7 and 8 o'clock, la » av-eaue ear between vesev street aad Broadwiv aae trTbls,atcur iLgtaournotion,istoignore,tonarrowtbjlia its cf tbe pnts. to cet act larg-'y from its'.jiiieaoe,todepriveitofit*mosiimpartantroU,whichistaba innoconditiontorelievethematpresentOarp-essm norsanddecorationsofto*KingsofEngland,Franceaadaeveatbatreetand8<rthavenue, a <ie.>d Waurawas huutief ease. London make. No. 24 6i7. wi b tedeoiatbe nK«t.aivanctd s.-ntinel of the privileges - i rights af American boc><ty.Tbe false position which the press has assumed brings twoevils:—First,itscirculation Isreetricted.;seooni.ita Itiiieace is iesmned—what it says is nat received as the s<at.ru-TtofAmerce,unlessina»fara?itmayb>thatwants are and have been lor some time past supplied by the emigration; scmcely a party arrive* In towu nut whoarebesetonallsidesbyInquiriesforflour,potatoes, butter, lard, and u, fact all manner of artjoiea whica go tosueuinlife. TiaiaaaredailyexpectidwhichwillinSweden.Paez, a second time to the retirement of private fife,was astounded st the horrible announcement that ttoaa ess badmurderedtherepres*ntaUvesofhiscountryto the very sanctuary or the legislative power. Notwith- standingtheweightofyears,hedidnothesitoietotakebutNortherncattle.1 landed on a high bank, about a mile this side ofIynchburg, aa they have not built a bridge over the canal,aad descendingsome woodensteps,youlakea canai beat for Lynchburg It Is simply aa ordinary freightboat,Inotbeboldofwblcbwedescend,andsuna np while going tbe abort oiatance to Lynchburg sun oa. Lynchburg hi woe of th e richest ptoses iu Virgin'a, tor the number of its tohabitaDts, aad is oy far the wetuaieat of any oftbe Interior town* Tbe depot at Lyncaourg baa more the appearance of business than any plaaeaidsoqueat'onsasaed, onpresenUloaoftbesaatsatC ter street, no subsSPORTISfG.F'PB8 F1ETialLBOAT.SLOOPtieotff, 1saileraHemptete.fereale;also,att,atSa^*b]Bras tor sal* ekeas. Apply 10 OflabJJto a. ttoto* yaebt brcser, B o 4>> Pine street/IBbfTKBT. BaFB BALL ABD BtCKBf N.*' \ ' wi 1 n>d a large variety of Fancy ablra at tr1'rovibiucs in the mines are extremely scarce, ana re are " earned for him the a imi ation or all nations, andfthe hotors per month—that being rather .ess tans ha!' of wltt I ccmmittTg an outrage upon faouarl, if we rememiir nte stuck ee nril, Emigration coctinassto p>ur ia people, to the persona or its representatives, were assas between New York and Nashville. From Lya-Uburg AUAhW, 687 Broadway. ,was then earning without deraogicg myself Cvp'.ein Browa left tbe crtr tbat same afternoon to emauft his friends ia New Sngtond, reappearing, however, at tae eadaf Apru.eaiihig up.« meto fulfil my promise I ji Went, a n d toodeimg m e at ih« same urn* the aix Hundred doitare,rorwbatbetermed"outftt. H>tittledid Iex peat to bare seen Br J«B again, that I had no: spoke J to my dangbier about her return to Europe Therefore I urg«d bumtostaywitbmetilltbenext day,whichueda:ii:u*d to <?o", alleging thai b e b a t that evening a a eng igesieot atNew Haven, atoo, tbat ha feared b - t.g *i"i . for somearight, dtcaied, to conceal its couv ictloa tbat u was not rapiav, while ihe aamo may be eald of the ro its north stnsted, aad in which, by violating Immunity of tbe1 started about six P. M , aad coated tbe mountains—tbe Blue stodge, or the Alleghantes—aad I heard tbemboth called by different names daring the night Tbetrain arose by a gradual or Inoliaei aaeent to about2,700 feet above the level of toe aea during the trip;hence fires and overcoats are a necessity tokeep one fromtbe cold. Tne same evening w e reached a place calledLiberty, to Western Virginia, where I had tb e only goodmeal I have enjej ed a t a hotel since leaving Washington. Thesupperroomwasa long aquare one,wita a J.C.W..hex1,111Ponttit* clay or cement Boor, and I enjoyed the variety of aomasLaoans affair tf h e tarried to N ew York.er er, thai ha mnaid tor a>sne nays >eave tb» $i-w wuh:19 eaahtor of a Haitferd bank (Mr. CaUondar, 1 i»."<i.'ei.s)theirkiteverthesno*Therewill bebatlitue doneatoeaa of say o n abate ailudei to poblic dftokm i m y aoa froaa tarape. Indeed I had considerablecomforts, b y conversation aeoger*.a n d jest withm y foiiow p a stot Tabor, to town, where I a -rlwed o a 1 8 b T - « e m e t b w t - • i b e w e a f t e r 0 a n>— d f r o m h t m t h a t h a a a d b e a n d a t a ? *>i a tZi -MLZ^ZJ J?*>* 5 w ' * *• **'*"*• wntea he seem da,anilhatried to persuadeannot • f toialtyto Paris, sa,tng that •esttot htopanfa- st. Sarta reply w h's reite-It will h e objtsctei, perhaps, In favor of t h s narrow field to wblch tbe American press has ooouaed itself, Mat Ms vaaattoa ta to speak of the pe>pie to Wham It aldrafses Itself; to treat of q'tsattans with which they are oscup'.ed; to ga w.ta tiecurrent af the boor; ani to be always to the present. Itiaunathatasaryyoorualhasits goaltothsoresso-,it hi true that It dughi and can bo ao to ownmaoitlea of i n menae activity, to watch every ho-ir If a n event; b a t a e t to sotoettof ltoe oura. If tan nawtcen jooraalt wait to elevate their views and enlarge their horn ms antil those ccmmnaMlta do as maih, they will have to wait a long time, ft isnececsarytbat theyebouldbetheoass tobrtogaoeaaty tothupomt. Taay have but to trast to thatraffixtaaadtotheirwill. Tboeecomatautiesareofa slothfultemperament^theywillno',«urwitboai beisg moved: they win n o t wair wftbmtfteiog pashed forward, thawwiUnot*v«athtoksalaiscompelled Therenrdex- eapttoas to this, hot tbey axa fa*. The general charaa-One of m y fellow ptanangart toad a plough model with him whiota h a had been inventing, suited, aa h e avowed. particularlyfortbeSouthernfarmer Ithink hesaidit was like tbe Allen ptongb; butIt wa* divided to parts, so that you could alter the shape to suit the different require- mentsofth*different kindsofploughing. Hebadbeen showing it to some farmer* ta the forward part of our car, ana came back to where a smalt party of 0* war* sitting, with it in bis band One of ear party who h a l aome slight acquaintance with h i m , after examining it, asked what they had thought af it,to which be reined, laughing,thattbeythoughtitwaaaveryuaefolaadvalu- able plough; but they aaid it would do far any other ktal of land bat their owa. After a general laugh at b a ex pens*,towhichhegoadnatarediyjoined,heeatltbat he did not Know bat tbat waa the trouble to selling it; thatyeahadtoaaevtonafanaartthat itwasauitodespe- cially tor tneir lead, er yea could net tall M.throughthanportionofthe route,fromBatatoltoEaox- objectofdiscordbetweenthepeopleaadthegorerwaeat, vilie,weseewhat arehare called Urn;sinks. Where--—aSlfaiSS "***»oaieaby»b«'bamaaitvisis I r nf,tt0ay^>it*?!"!IharbesasaaMr. Hwt ^^ ^ 1^"U'anVea"ynoag tadf^ahe-t ela^teaa. t ^ S J * ^ « &tjbehw^wjkawexaraeSs,aimTW"*lfr TM.„ TM"* - •'^^•••^ ^to^»irw t e ~2TM**•y«wf*•ycv»,batoldiai'4aeoiii4*4«*s|'l.ftoracaaaadonerptooeagavnbim Finally, not to be anTalk,law.hedeterminedtoexpattratohimselfofhtoownaccord, and left Carton* amidst the lamenutiotu of tus farallreverIfoundthesethereatenorunoiagstreams Tbere am subterraneous wsit or atreama, torcmg their way baton th* aurtace, tortoagbthe lime iirato)aad fonatofH - ata#d,howhawaa ereb-aaHyiatools for a year or six months, go Into tho mountaas aad amy itll they are ready to return home, successful or tot,unless they arefortunate enough tastrikearlca ^oa/tz ead w beooaae eagagad la building op some town at tbe foot of the mountains Ths cpuntry to this vicinityDonee erto fella, multos numerabis arnicas, Temporn « (oartot nubila, solo* writ.(to heart of sunshine friends aball countless be; Letcloudso'ercast,andto!theyflyfromthee.)•r ^ ^ s m T l u i ' h * l * " a ienee thaa^nj£Sy had Cousolasd, repb^a v» tbaa.7-Persecuted by the government aad level by the peo-ple, beaawtbatpersecutionandChattore,mutuallyJOSIML-, vWwiomatiteK»T. Breedway Best entea,na object.as isjaHsweas-toytatotapky3* *•Tbeveryrefusaloftbegovernment to receivehimwith tbehonorsofhtorankIn;r*as*d nsdeh, Tory mush,to*Heard,iha'.Is opinionshiIno iniludceeontltodecisions of tbe Engiith (>abio» tIn order that this sUto of thicyt ^ho^li! be pn'. aa endto, to re is no better plan t jaa ibat oar j >uru* -t sM>udabaidon their cxcla«:vl»m, their miserable m:i icalisoa, aa opeiaiious at lati advices were butlittle aivvnesa, thereeeni snow wi 1folanly pat s quietus no taeir opara ticoe'or a time The road to the Blue and tae Mi Ills Park is atUl impassable to trains on account of sno win the gulcbxs, and the oaly communication is by mea packingnationalrepresentation,th*basisoftherepublicansystem was threatened.Paez, at liberty, waa hailei by enlightened people at a martyr of civilization ana public freedom, and receive! In the midst of tbe apotheoses prepared for him by the re- publls of Washington, in tbe bosom of tbe freest people on earth, he received great honors and distingetahed coa- stderations, when, on the fall of his country's tyrant who n asimultaneouseffortofthepeople haddriven frombii blood stained teat, he waa called by the supreme power,1 and received with transports of enthusiasm in the arm ofall hto fellow citizens, without distinction of party, sex, srBAN -lb BrtLBB, NO. S PACK BLIP, HAIAU F'eLalce breeds of lioss Ur sale, aad stoat B*w«»a*fana beeome more am-r*.;ao. Tais would b? not oalygood for them, but would increase their circiltt oa, andwould be better, also, tor the goveraiaeuis an i pe> >1»,who wauld fln.i In the press an !cnpra»:iai Ji.'ge oi theirsets,theirvirtues,aaw.Uasthiirvic«—theirgwias• eli s s their bad points. It would do more, an I be a either in the Sculh or Uiddie Parks before the 1st of June.F tana ka*<lwe<el Tears o i l eoaai-ieleirke*1 taly o»»vb*wiedMd„r,sfa«sas4a*aameana of uaitiog tbe spirit a n l tendencies cf A adnataThere is cou»uierable competition tn baiiumg uu towns tonice warm wheat biscuit and a genuine cap of dear Mo- cha. 1 say clear Mocha I arrived at Bristol in the morning, and agam changed care for Kaoxrtlto. When atorttog from Lyachbarg I took one of the cars to which there were some oil travellers, who, as a mtt -rof coarse, were sociable ana about a daaen of ut kept to- gether, growled at the discomforts of tbe trip aaa tbe toreatthehotels,andao'aasdourselveswith mutualex- periences of travel that served to paaa away the tedious boors of a night trip across the mountains, when It h a l becometoocolltorsleep. Ata placecalledGreenvillefiat ni*h supplies fur tbe miuei and a large va- uty of to wastog West. Regarding myself as to situ degree ojtnd Tne day that the wbo'e coantry shall have d«tsr,niuad flourish extensively oa paper, which are hajrd to be fsuad <*aer, in Caracas, had no time to receive the deminstrathat I might draw for that m m If I letermiaea ap m ^ i by that half promaw 1 h a l made so Brown is MVch,Icunciuded tbat 1CMiid not,with propriety,doo-ner than go. a r t ooaaaqnfatty, oa the 21 or M of stay, I erew for part of ton fMO. ar.d the remtinl*ria a few oars later. Towards the msdito of MayI met CVne'sat Petarbjro , srawn b e totormal m e t h u h e MthatoIowatoransaeaix«reightweeks;tnere- iathtotasjaeat.andfarIkabeaeiii of innKauaas >toyedtbatnan*toprtaungihelittle iaf"Ekwaca"from*ylargs worn,atfng .of toe anU ttare-y hanablttriaas ao MMghatt wasuna>i-toai^t^ietoof tbeoptotoo.age.NBW TOBK A I D RaBLtB RtaBOAB.Pare M in eibeey . u ^ r t is ard after Mnnfaf,Hay 2s. to*.nates adUleant> s'it*rre*tslsu>r.„»ew tork.ntowwS.-- ^ror »inanub legel-TaOand II *» nTaad e ^ T » ForWhitenttoB-f,4«d•£ £ ^ ^ ,„,, ^For Croton Falto-biit A B fraw t-way atxttit«naw- lor I>over i"ta»s-4j»'_B __n»».i- ForAibnay-tfcteA.B*xpralstsowa*trate,I testthat tbe held of acti n , reUectiao and study for the press o.tbevnriou»Statesof Am>rlcashallbe,notonr»seoti>u aiooe. but ail sec. one; the day on which tae jo lruals eball be Paraguayan, Argenitoe, Gr»nait»n or 1'eraviaa to twign, but American in heart, every obM%:le to tae cotlev. trat.cn of thes comm laiuea shall bave disappear-elsewhere e\cept in the fertile braica of th) originalora. There is an extensive business carried on to tha whole re gion of claim speculation. Many specimen* aro showa a scosuing from leads for sale which hare newer been within miles of the claim from which they are said to be taaen Tbls is called salting a claim here, and m ay ba so very appropriately. In regard to the future prospects of this country many here claim that it is far la edracce of whattiona ef gratitude and aimtration which the people in mass, and famines and citizens in priv ate. lavished upon him. The heroic Cumana, wboae resolution to save h im from captivity gars him an exile's liberty, was the first which begged the priviieg* of bestowing, like a free pe». pie, honors on him whom, a captive, she had before libe- rated. Ssmanynationalkindnesses drewuponhimthe envyofCastro,whoaspiredto thePresidency,anlsaw m all these matofettations a rival who made him tremale, tbemoresosincethatpersdn'idisregardforeverytow was notorious.Tbe press • unity's beet ptenipoi^cUa'y.By pteCgtag oorseTres to this course w e w o iM ascotn-edpitoh another great good, the aocoatomiag ta^e com- California ever was to point of rizhnets of mines,webadbreakfast;andancba breakfast!and ham fried; thick, muddy ootfee, served by dirtywaiteri,uponatableclothmatiooktjda*Ifithaldan* doub e duty as sheets and table cloth.Iagaintooktheears,aadforgot,forthatime,mydii-Ba-tu CISC •* »!,Vi. W .•:«OaJMS»A.B..iaa*l/M.miuets 0UuakUssoflocalpolities,witbta„r butirand frultlesadtseaSffkiBs;aa1m-'reoathehigheraa^uioosot thosesamepolitics,tb\ttbeymavbecomamirefruit'ol, enightened aad porittod ta passing through the ordeal ofand also, its being ao near the States Is considered mushinitsfavor. BatourCaliforniaminersarethefirstwhoBecome discouraged with mining here, aad either re-torn to the Bastes or go oa to California, in most »f thegulch clams yetknown here, the gold ia found in very on thto matter with the acorn which a venomous naa particleis, and exiremily hard to separate, even with reptile causes to a giant, bat, doubtless ths idea of the best facilities kiown. the water hereto tcaroe. The feeing friends, to whose loyalty ha would have a worn, c aims, m.at of them, caanot be drained, and one hand and for whom ha would bave given hto life—Meads Iscobstantlykeptatworkpumpingthewateroatofthem, whomformerlyhehadloaded with dtottosttoas, honors increasing the expense materially, while, with the and consideratons-inditlerent to or tnrtteipators in thisDov.rPiame-ea «« rotoa Fatot-* P M Albaay-•A,at.«xpr«esmafljodm isrjnwiMM J l T R I M O B l A U —-~mial-Ml••'"* ~-2L^"1•>5to«y iaaoft,UATOKHSand smash.ofhere,vialioiucikCuy,and alsoon>aeAikausas,via CeI.01 ado U t y .1 b e Uanpe Cere ard Fiea atouraatoasor, iu eeaa #* * warranted at all cases. Dogs boarded, ttataes, at-We have no recent advices from the Soath Park, butr|iH)B SAiB— Tht BCHOONBB tATHf »T*5'Jmudoy water, not over half of the gold is rea'ly sawed. Anotherthing:theeasewtthahijhemigrantscancornsabdgotothetttaksdetora,to ameasure, the early da-elopement of the coantry, and its permanent settle- them. Scarcely even did ha say with Ovid:— ment. People corns here stocked with provisions aadlanet,byanymeana,aaagriculturalana,onlyoaths uicreasedeachother,andnourishedpoliticalpaaatoaa.£ teat.,banksof sUenms,arwawitmayhsirrigated. Vegetablesmaybe rate* to largeluaatlttoi 0?thertweToot-nnm, anl to tot vaileya near the axoapUtos- bat aa enthuslaem ot the reception which the people of forraja?ngg-ato,itcanneverbedonstoslyextent Allsuchsopphe*mustforajl a-fJf^B^e^VrnttghtfromtheStoit»arK*wMexloo. PaoptobegtototookwithUntitled DocumentPaez, th e tint civil and military character of, b it coan- try, descended from the Presidential cba'.r tbat he might occupy himself as a simp e citizen, aad retired to a ooun try life. The Monagas rose against tbat proof of civilit)s then abandone 1,or a vein att-mpt abd kepi up toforce a crop above the ground. There is another disad- ralne to any person But Hit o araer A ar pera.« retiraij|Pact,persecutedbythemiserable Castro,lookedmramous persecution, mast have emoittered hto hoars hisidearentthehear1afFas*. Inthesllenoeofbis profound grief no complaint waaaver heard against" -^r-*'VT**aMBi^^ral Newt, <£c.LOMHMI, Feb 18, l«o0. have their supplies Tor six months or the year, and Availing myself of a few hours' stay in this prominent uocal dlgiity aad the pride of tha Yeaesueltn aame de- Nashville to a brtak place, doing a very baadaw w it v i w .• PirowinthewayofansweringquestionsInregardtogoing batk If they are true, they are all going b a d alter a load of some kind—provision?, gooje or q isriz mUls; but i/youlookcltwelyyouWtils*etbeyb»vaib-irallwith t.H-m.plainlysayingtbattheydonotin'eadtoreturn.of TraveUen—SouHern Virginia Manufacture* AU^Kaniet—OompoffmrntvUlf fhtat-t, rfc , rfe.pleasant change in the general appearance of ibs place 10 a few hours I should be to warmer climes, where over-dxltts."ThusitIsalloverWesternIowa—farmsanafarm* coat* would be looked upon withcnrtaltyandwhite STn ,nadlsBBn»arePstofflsa,fortwaweeks. ' Resptrtirgrorrob-»-raisesaafarmer1-t-?rtoMr. parkareofaveryfavorablecharacter. TaegoUtn routes,toensandvillages,havesprunguptuemagicail cotheawouldbethecomfortofthetraveller.Butalong CAUFOBtlAJiMM-MTafltDIfPr/bLrm twTwsstafCKIUS c/fduct (t wards me* of B'tirn's bajtters, wb>« 1i.nforti uate'v «ii»KHk for f.'iends, ttu^re U a>tn.ui« wiit-ib.the ialie h'*aia: '.tanans t'o rn>t de*.'r\# a; ray iivius. %oa there, and it Is of Umit^d po»ei» Still I ana told it is>f rertheli-s 1 w 1 not r.c any cMosue-ats^a . V 3 aiy realizing ia the. neighhjrhood of tiTy thousand perrr.ontt to tostiiv for the p t'»r»'t MiEi/ Having, d.iy, crushing oa halves Taere a^e plenty of millson place of the sbautns of those days, sad a complete ani brew tg. I thought, as I bid my friends good bye, thati,-e:r quarts wiih. Tnere >sbutoue quirts m>n ia ope-a-I left New York on Thursday night by theSouthweeV ern route for New Orleans, with a cold easterly galeKenui\F, to t-e i Sect t"*! 1 uetd aporehjnd na p-o*ecu- tbat region is not in as Hue particles, and saved with over the Missouri slope; and notwithstanding the hard withus,seemnglyintentupou tbeaameyourneya*oor- aptogotoyou Tousaaynaakeauah arraaf««, I WjB.eop,1ti; n l i c e 1d:*ipr*ore_ of a; j ;-.iieav>'ed to Slop Brown's riiich less labo\ Tu:ir gulcu dig^ngt J»re s w i to be prodvr«aneffrctoniheseveraleic,mag»9, a.iieat"i:e darper'sFerry pro;eji.1oacemoreplaialyaud muchmorevaluableandeasierw-m<;4thantho?eintimes, the eternal 'aw of progress prevails.Tbe street from tbe window by which I write this preeelvet.came theStorm King,anduntilIreaahedNash- maysabjoabesi,and1pad(e/onmywordabtne, yonwish itl«alllefttometodoas1wtok atoawtr,ville thick clothet were the o n y protection that could ui Broad »ay ifliae*. Wrbavenawoavaents a bugy, bustling appearance, fillet as it is withteams of embryo gold miners laying iu their outfit, aad bring comfort to the wanderer.All Oe haax a lATrSSee?Tbe torments wbtot awaited bin are aoae-Qsetra. stonyartodtnthe ofanoligarchialandaUbereJ,afacreoieaada eveteaattesans;tadatonefasaUrofaf ~titmt ontheRoutsSociateli'yRoods— Prtttratt Ooiaattfw ifand Agriculture— Trip over the duVoyage—SomeoftheEarlySettlersofTennettet—Hot- Vitalities of Southerners—The City of R'askvOle—Urfdtgtlngs. Rea flannel shbts, slouch bats, revolvers and Baltimore depot. Such a thing as a sleeping car seems •J^&v ?• mme* misr*t^F^ }•"•••vantage—tbat negroes ao not prosper; it Wtoo coil, and same to Joba iavls, crner of Twenty awenn s ra*t • men of means move away turther ttouth or West, where sifihib avenae, will receive tbe abare meadaoed is saritaethankaofmeowner.{•ffRSWABD.-LOT, AOOLDWATCHKIT,ia unknown I asked the teaon ot this from afarmer I met on my way,who eeemed to be a bepaidforrtan-urn. -HAK >SC>BOW 76roaian«tbeclimatetomore warm andfavorable. Idoaotaee faStrips of beefwnilaassbrVlce-fWhite Ptolae-6atdf A.B,i«a«d7F n-Llag te er• linn—?a^f„0.''"•••?**«•».titoargtotptu«,.\y7 ornegrweaaataere an lananeatte'autb aveane ears, a Poeketoaa, eoatatatog pavers of*Hl BBWanP.—i>oa i>->ar.-A 8<»m •«« *>L\J ».«Uy dog »nh bias* eyes Sugared l.fce et'tti of Jefferson » .d daua<s streeia t i n abort W«S1furaleked; aow betnt taat^wablteiaaa. A c amly oa board, at ts« eaaan t«eeefjvtaadseeceil»odlnf, en Quraadts ates, wfu'Jf**0^"^-!^t^-'ifTanSea» inn*" Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 