 Ir';THE PEACE CONaRESS.The Board thenadjowaed..blyprivilege of otMmpying tliii HalL^0L.JP(~1I0. 2S97. iTiffiii frPRICE TWO CENTS. THEPOLITICALCBI8U.^Imptft ItUfkx ud tke Jua AtKXNT 10Stlaries and OMctt—CaaaeOmn UDCn THI »A«I ON THK cm Tan Tine.Bhaansn, Perky,Condition of tke Conitry—ThetkiiSioHAxniesii Intends to give up the Presidenc; of the Council of Ministers and assume the command of the Seventh cty* jptrmie.INDIA.Calcutta mails of Nov. 22 have reached England,<3*xn'fimen Costella, Tsvssead,Baolsh.ityforlitore oftheUMBbrdlbOite«iMliipEuropa,Capt.variatianIn hadtaken exebaageswhilehisadmlreraweredeploringthe&ctofaman ferred.rKomrr—TBBcomaBaianSBovuoosd. At the meeting of the Board of Saparrisors yester-Dae. 31, m* Qaeenitown, Ju. 1, u- M|nA at H^lfaz on Baaday lanBing.place.Six Hon GaAai had arrived In Calcutta to arganlseknown to fame as a paettcaaylst, and ontor, beingComptroller sent Is Us statement project of WTitlDg a History of England. Bis pecu- A resolnUon to the effect that the Counsel to Ihe balance of appropriations made In that year and re-.'ihjHp Umpoolthus displaced by a constitaoiey soTwo patttloas—one signed by 100, and one by IMTrtm a« AOsay Atlas and Arrut. Mb. PbiAdint and FtLvaw-CmzBiaAil tb* win* ndght Teanine opentlaiu, lie did not anlre at SackriUe till 4 o'doek Honday morning.TlkeataamAlp Jnnf vUeh ialled (rom LlrerpoolQueen's arm'iea.perience,snhjact, raised high expectations;Theexpenditores were Tbe unexpended balance$3,302,878 42 82,853 84ili^iUBiiniiiiilT ^f^ U> Avvfantred here jester-Thean Installmentof two vohunes the title U)|)eand,wlthWsshlogton market, was adopted. 4/ Aldenaaa SilBAflH presented a resolution laqBlr*December, 1859, inelnding those notcaUed for, 75 war-rants to The communication amomtlag [$3,756-29.•* Urenool, the ateamship Pertia, from New- TutkHn. 14;7!< A.M.,lat.45» 15', Urn. 58° 45', oasKid. tte Ciui*, from Boston.Tbe BteamsUp Biimhirgk, from New-Tork, arrived «• Urcipool on the morning of the SOth.Tkeateamahlp r«&m,from New-Terk, arrived at aaOaaptas on the Bwmlag of the 3<ltfa.Tk* B. M. Tti^rn'Mp ftrna, fromT*ew-York, ar- idredatLiverpoolonthe31st.offered bySuper"Board of Supervisors of the County of New.York was composed of the Mayor, Recorder, and Members of" Butwhetherinsideor Good."]flnunent Is founded,* and, consequently, Russia will tfpote the programme drawn up in the pampUet Ike rumor Is not, however, credited.deemed not quite worthy of his ancient reputaUon.In 1853, Mr. Macaclat's various speecheCwere col-lected and pnbllehed. In 1855, the third and fourth baveaclassofmubiclpal legislators forced upon us ^ho,;but this uuhaopilyassessed,der which they live and move and liave their be-Love of the Union and to the Consti- loyaltyaetiagAs ananapoet, anda;— ing the Commissioners Records. The bill, he un- ThatPart.•ntaabday,tlieHistorian. butthenewswas thelast aatielpatedbyBombay frompubliclifeandtoderatehistimetoliterarypur-CODNTT — ACCOUNTSdwItaiaaMeetteslaA tumor had prevailed tliat the Pope's Nunciohad threatened to demand his passports on accountof the recent pamnhlet, but the Paris correspondent of the London Pott pronounces the rumor untrue. An official denial was also posted in the Paris Bourse.Yery liatest via Qaeenstown. Pasib, Saturday Evening, Dec. 31, 1659.The Broker's Circular reports Ashes quiet at 27s. for PuTK ;ind ::t-s. lor Pearls. Sugab buoyant, and 6d. •315. Iiipher. Copni buoyant at extreme prices.why. I must look into it," and prt>- ceeded 10 the office of the President ofthe Board, Mr.?the results of cool calculation of the natliinal in-IHong KongNothing importanceInParisthatAustria,NaplesandSpainwUl theAmericanMinister,startedNov.3forKwanshan,Academy. In 1862, when a general election oc- dated Friday, Jan. 13, 1860, certain allegations are eon- And by the act of the Legislature, passed April IS, the further end of the I mastVa»e is represented.The Bnsslan Ambassador at Paris was rumored tosnhiect of the American treaties and the present diffi-Lord Macaulat died on the 28th ult., at Lon- Share Market was firm and generally higher."4oB. He had been unwell about a fortnigl<t from dis- It is rumored that the Indian Government are aboutease of the heart, but he had rallied to such an extent to place a heavy duty on saltpetre. Aat his medical men did not apprehend danger. The The Times says that the fall of 1said Special Committee, that the truth or falsity ofthe out aU the mischief they had commenced. The billCemmerclal iDtelllgeace. charges or allegations bef.jre mentioned, and so con- was Intended for no good to the County, ^id he (Mr. fect to look with contempt upon these demonstra-tained in the isHueof the fferafd of the 13th inst,. may be tions, that the fear of danger to the Union is idleI 111the difficulties of the141,486. sion could prompt either States or individuals to The Board then adjourned to Monday next at 254 such a step. But I have yet to learn that any-of the charge of forgery. Am&lrals RiaiiAm,T Gchoiiillt and Rzsiunn, had to be decided.if. td.;antvednomeftx)mChina.Expectation had been current that the Bank of at en. 10c.eveningevents ofbate, passed the following resolutions offered by have been the offspring of aroused sentimeat,—ofPrance would have reduced Its rate of discount, but ao change had been made.The Government of Bucharest had sent agents to Paris to conclude a loan of two millions four hun- dred thousand sterling en certain revenues with the gnarutee of France, Bussia and Prussia.ne Council of Mlnslters have resolved npon not gMBganyofficialdenialtothepamphlet.ne iMoixm BeraJd?t correspondent speaks of diffi- eiMw 1b tite French Cabinet, and says that Pusio- n^ ptdonged itsy m Paili la not unconnected with Wiuwsn's tmcertain tennie of office.It was stated that Prince Napoum will shortly be appointed Grand Admiral.The Puis Bourse had been muchKestes were at one time ^down to esf. 55c. A better—AF- FOINTVIHT or THI STANDING COiUnTTEIS.At the meeting of the Board of CouncUmen, last:profound, pervading,passion. Independeoee,—ung up'^, and the closlnc price feeling subsequently sprBaxASSTDPPS (X>ened with an but advancing tendenr^,Potter, Seventeenth Wardon the 30th was 69f. 20c. ITAI^V.;ThemanOtzttttaimonncesthattheex-Duke vt Ifodeaa had advanced with his troops towards tke freatleis of Modena. Part of his army was al- nady at a frcotiCT town.Tbi Trench pamphlet had been traaalated into ItaUaa, a>d lajge^ ebcolated in Bomagna.A Some dl^atck reports that a lengthy interview kad taken idaoe between Cardinal Aaronxui and the ^•dl Ambassador.Tk* latter had received from Paris some explana- tteas destlaed to reassure the Papal Government on the sobject of the recent pamphlet.troller transmitted a statement of tbe estimated firstWardJ.McLeod, Sixth Ward i1was or- tbe on the ofOur country is stillCanada—on the east andPoatifidal States, renders of little aavantage to himday last, when seen by a friend, he looked much as usual. A relapse seems to have subsequently takenBr'nW Fever, Typhoid, 2 Palsythe foitDation of such a Confederation. At Neapolitan Cabinet was disposed to rehise aU concur-These are not the bonds andbul- to Statea.andrence In the reallzaiion thepf projectplace, and his lordship expired suddenly,Sa5fobd and other mllltar)- and scientific men thoroughly exam.1 Disease of. 1 Scrofula Convul's,Adult Hip,Convul'B,Infnt.*3 HoopingCongb. 4 Small-pox— are but the forms ot lifeI4SS eral States of this ? Where are thelugedbytheFrenchGovernment,it totakedieswithhim. Lord MicAiiAT was born at Rothley Temple, Lei-In Its agieed organization, provlaed the Confederation was eetablisbed on solia bases, which would Insureorder and tranquiUitT, and the effectually protectand the•*"1^;outward shapeslibertyuiuty theyToyal authority."^^^^^___ SPAIN.spherelegalca-:Jan. 1859. 15,There is Morocco.nothingimportantrelative to the war inon the 28th—of the roof,buildingJan. 1S60: ending 7,go, jidnlim papersbeingseized, and, upon tbeThedestination unknown.Mr. Macaulat's being made asioner, and to his introduction to Parliament underthe auspices of the of MarquisdallySpanish Squadron left Algeslras ACSTBIA.Bankniptcy Commis-:that a new loan would egotiated at the commencement of the year.excitingreform led to his bemg named, with t'je late alongMr. Masshall, Jr., as a Liberal candiuate ifor Le«ls,BENJ. WELCH, Jr., Commissary-General.by Fever, Crouptrial, suspicionto see theimpossibility of restoring theOrdutimcri—CouncilmenVanTine, a monument Polrcc—rgPerley,rever. TnftimnwtlottbeginningItaUaa Dakea,- and were almost reconciled to the idea of a Central Italy organization.It waa repcrted that the tlixe of the aristocratic par-borough asP^^Uie Heautnichi—lCmoeunaReoUUmwtagon, PinckMtc.Ceya«rthy, Mud. •OB. Bogert.&carl<.t Croup. 22 13 * i* 66 ,30ofLo&gLdepressed,and theMMThe following resolution was adopted:ing of Mayorman and Cl^oefferthen submitted the fol-— divided on a line-sale;Wm. Clark, Nineteenth Wardfor meto knowthat,to allpracticalplace at eight o'clock on Wednesday evening, at tHe arqeis Villa Masiha liad declined the Govemor- residence of the noble lord, HoUy Lodge, Campden-Men, 111males, 226.Abscess Lumbar liDropsyIII!iahlp of MQan, and Count Gillxha had -been appoint-Hill, Kensington.For Lord Macac- many years pastnue Bonds of the year, and being deducted from the sum of $733,621, above stated, leaves the amountto be raisedIn this connection, It Is proper to state that applica-tions are now pending or will be presented to thenEATBB raoH ausolc^ nisxAsx.3 Inflam.ofr,nngs.««the likeness of a kingly crown has on." Theed InsteadIVilla Masuagoesaa Ambassador to— been abolished and solat's health had not been good but In 1853 he bad a ;serious Illness, consequent on disease of the heart,thecirculationbeingextremelylanguid. Theattackwas and bis health continued to subdued, lordship'sbe tolerably good up to a for&Ight ago, when he hadfrom which, however, he rallied toaea,or the universally-recognized plurality of the hend danger. He continued to Improve, and, on Fri-:bytaxation,$653,621.Constitution has notyetand nays are concerned, itNaples.A letter firom Borne In the Vnion says*Vnnce has obtained from the yotmg King of Naplesft irfedge ttat he would not oppose the formation ofaa Itanian Confederation. The exceptional position ofthe Klngdcm of Naples, protected on every side by the10 Dropsy in Chest 1 Inflam. Stomach S 1 DropsyinHead.U Ioflam.af Throat 6 Ifar as votes byprobablyneverwillbe. Sofarasmereformsgo,;said, Wednesday evening.was married, and the title consequently:thebut beingCongestionCongesUonLngs 6 Fever, Typhus.Consumption .71 Heart, Uls.of... 6 Bheumatism. ... 3the the showsfirstunity.of Congress._Alderman Stahb moved the Insertion therein of a sum of $20,000 for converting Mount Morris-square (in Harlem) into a public park.Were thesef'-S- :... iii j» ::ii1>";5"i6»j* .(.,:.} 'tH^ SieiDNEW-YORK, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1860.£DATSLiTERFROMEDRMPE. tyengagedInolBcehaveresolvedtoservewithout acceptedanappolatmentIntheSnpremeConncDofCITYGOVBBNflSNT.BOABB OF ALDERMEN.Fsflnrs/s rtmn-flir*"Baoleta.Allen,Towasuad,Van Tine, MeCoimelt. _ „ K„eC-a„aaell„, _B_aU„,Repatrs out Awpties-CsaaettBeB Hogan Oostello. McCarthy. _ _^_„A«a4«— Decker, Bhaw, Trotter. ConDOhnantai order to lighten the public bardena.pay,India. At the end of two years and a half Mr.FKP88IAbow- ever, baa never yet become law. To his resi-BBSOLtmOHg or — cnrscxxonthxhibald kots-pleted hisIt was reported that the Prince HoHmzouxBX dence In India we owe his essays on:er Bartfori at Hong Kong, and the steamer Pmmkmttembook which few can pertise without gratification. In constituted many provisions of the State lawsniiorted a some thirty miles below Foo Chow, to meet Ho, curred,aot send plenipotentiaries to the Congress unless the citythe Governor-General and confer with him on theEdinburgh. Mr. MaOAiaAT, however, stood haughtily mon Cvuneil of the CUy of Mew-Yoi k tor the year 18)0, said Board of Supervisors, and also a separation ofculties between China, France and England. Theten declared, to Count Wuavsxi that the pamphlet anthorlty lor this, however. Is not good, whilst, on the former position and northward in theWe are officers. There Is a manner and time ofAc.]want of uniformity in the to retract I have ever^Ae respect for authority on which the Kussian Gov-;line between Shanghai and Kong Kong.Iiateat by Telegrapk fmni Iiaadon to Ijirer- pool.ors, ballot-box staffing, and nnm::roas other illegal means for attaining power. Theconsequtoceis that ireBy reason of all of which more or less confusion iscaused in the ofthe Gov- protracted operation Countyf^mment; therefore.of thisLo!n)OK—Saturday morning.iar PerelgB Allkirs, the pamphlet should not be con- Funds on Friday were firmer. Theie was a partial was raised to the peerage but a chronic 1857,cough,* * * *The civil process has yet Alter the regular Bourse hours, Bentes were doneother sorts dull. at34s. TxAunchanged.LOSDOK MABKrTS.Baxixos' Circular reports BreadstuSs quiet butmissioners Bowen, Stranahan and Tllshoeffer PowellandCommissionerBaileybeingoutoftown. •The Board proceeded to business in secret session, andafteralong,and,itis rumored,verystormyde-Commissioner BowejiResolved, That the rule transferring tbe duty of de-tallments and transfers of officers and members of theIn tojthe statement of the Kreuz Zeitung ot replyyesterday, the Prussian IGazette says the report thatPAXia,8atiir day, Dec. II. The Rentes opened without alteration at (S9f, 20c.3:25 P. M.—The market continues very variable,LONDON HONIT ILASEIT.The London Money Market was slightly more tothe Coonsel to the Corporation was directedHouiaioiLua Intended to resign tflk Presi-stringent under an active demand. The bullion inopinion servicesatstation-houses,areCountyorCitybUls.A resolution In favor of paving Fourth-avenue, from Seventeenth to Thirty-second street, with Belgiansuch transfers and detallments for permanent bodies of men are stvmg by a sense of wrong, greatPrincedency of the Council of Ministers, is totally un- founded.meeting,duty,orfoilnotleesthantendays,ofoficersandmem- orfranticwtthapprehensionofsomeImpending,and closes flat. Rentes, 88 francs 90 centimes,a decline of 30 centimes since yesterday. Rentes areThe Committee on Roles andconsist-CISIt^BBXI) CONDITIONAND 0UTBAGX8 OV TBI SOUTH.quotedfor January account.clined; ;of the weeksales 3,000 balesstock, 39,000be and Ishtreby requestod to inform this Board, at tbe earliest opportunity, what are ihe laws of tbe State governinggeographicalPAan, Saturday. The Mimileur of to-day contains numerous nomina-balesliterally place,a secondsuch an extent that his medical men ceased to appre-hensions ef certain people. I use the term un-;bridge,In1819,Cyanosisand of last Week ending Jan. IS, 1858 42S Increase—ourselves and posterity ? What kind of a Unionattack,BronchitisCancerCholeraMorbus. I Fever.Puerper'l S UarasmuSjInTtSO6 T Son Lord Macabiat never'ofpicion Insecurity. Major-General'2 These.proposedmall. Therearetelegrams,however,fromCalcutta Under suits.his thesteaas-caglne,inpossessionofHoseCompanyNo. rejectionJaa. 19.goingwhich, of course, means resistance. for the Coalition Government, wlitch be subsequentlylield,The American steamer Peiko has been placed on the supportedcormorants,nponcoimnnnity tbronghImposed by;aMered as the programme of the French Ministry. recovery on the Paris Bourse, and the disquieting ru- which of late years prevented his speaking for more well's laUnd,''—and PeniteotiaryKennedy pose.and Bell a Committee forTweed, the above pur-or lot in itsfastidious scruples. [Ap-The Austrian joomals were engaged in denouncing mors relative to the Congress met with less counte- than a short lime, probably induced him to refrainWhereas, The accusations contained as atrove are cal-any partThe Special Conunlttee sent to the Convention of plause.] It is true that under ordinary circum-the pamphlet, and the Tlenna Gaxtttt regards it as anance. Themarketclosedat)>9iihigherthanon fromeveraddressingtheUpperHouse.culated,oratl.asthaveatendency,toImpairtbeconfi- SupervisorsatWestchesterCounty,reportedthat stancesitoughttobesuperflnousforAmeiicaiisdence of the citizens ot this City in the Integrity andthemIt is nevertheless averred In Governmental circles, the pamphlet has not pndoced a disagreeable Impression, the Government fealag convinced that the (q>inlons therein expressedtn aqf entertained by the Emperor Napouos.abiliiyolprajingmittee state that many ofthe counties wereunder tbe old law, at much below their real value, while the County of New-York was put up to nearly Its full valuation—showing the necessity for a law to compel each county to pay Its just proportion of the State tax. The report was adopted.:publicmenace for Austria.and the rates wereH'SaThursday. The demand for Money was pressing inIn the Introduction to bis last and greatest work,the author expressed a hope that be be enabled mightto bring down the history of bis country to a date managethey had agreed upon a memorial to the Legislature,theabove the Bank minimum.business, until theopen market,generallytheirIn question, andw/wTPoj, Justice to the stntlemen elected and com-The applications at the Bank were large, and many iSf the discount establishments were seeking advances. NoBullionwaswithdrawnfromtheBank. Foreign Exchanges were steady.For some time It has.'ing. tutionne Pails Pft announces that the various Powers The TYmM' City Article says: "The demand for dition to the History is nearly ready for press.mother, ;iarited to the Congress have been apprized that taemoney yesterday, in preparation for the last day of the year, was extremely active in all quarters, and loans on Government Securities could not be obtainedThe speeches and writings of the deceased peerare familiar wherever the English languagethe papers^ that a bill was introduced into tbe Legisla-gether to proclaim our loyalty imless on the one band it be suspecteil, or unless on the other thecannot take place on the day originally taad, and that a subsequent day will be appointed.GSEAT BRITAIN.Is his- torian, he has occupied a leading position, and hispaper in qnestionture by Senator Robertson to repeal the lawof organiz-^ cent, on thewas therefore sadden and unexpected. He Paris Bourse on Thursday Is believed to be more the wblch speculators took 5,500 and exporters 4,000 bales.MM-wM only 59 years old, and as he was never married Us title beeomes extinct.The Tax Commissioners sent In a report fin the sible. I]lTCS were loct. The men were mostly riggers and h^ laboiert. Capt. Cuio, of the Grand Trianon, was in the boat, but hit and aeveral others were rer coed.motion was carried, and Aldermen Bbaot, Boolz a'?d Baglxt were appointed a committee, by whom the matter should be investigated and reporied on.P.M.thing is impossible to nations, or to great commn- nitics, wheu tbey are frantic with rage or resent-excess nationaAnother elopement in high life is reported. The structions. There Is every reason for believing thatand also whether It be necessary to procure the pass- yesterdayresult of over-speculation than any new political ap-vacant and improved lots in each Ward of the City though quotations were without alteration. Holders derman BooLB, and carried without discussion. and County. The number of improved lots is 54,725,prehensions. .A. large row.t>oat, while returning from the ship The Times says that the English Funds were not Friday were 8,000 bales, Including 2,0C0 on specula- the Board, that the resolution be sent to thefli—< Triamim, tyiog in the Mersey, capsized, and 22 perceptibly Influenced on Friday by the heavy fall on tion and for export, the market closing S^-m but quiet Board of Councilihen for their concurrence. Thisholderstoaie, ran off with Bev. A. W. Gbxis, curate of the bleau between the Emperor, Prince MeTTxasicH and slocks IreelV; but not pressing sales. Poax dull forand that ten others should—be sent In theirlected by the Mayor. Mr. Pillsbcbi replied that Commissioner B.ulit was out of town, ana it would be impossible to do anything until his return. Mayor Wood then said, " Well, if Mr. Bailet is the Generalparish where the parties resided. The lady has Count Walxws&i, will have the effect of smoothing old ;placesthe latter to be se-'laopettyin her own right amounting to £100,000. "france.Laxd dull but Talloif down many difficulties, and of hastening the meeting steady.was calledandand wasonly 59 years of age. But though he died compara- declared,ation.istoCroupDebility, Adult. Debility.Infant. »*;cestershire,ui theyear 1800,consequentlybeof interest.''.;Inflam.of Brain. 7TeethingTotalBaltan States from all propagandism or attempU at tively young, his life has been one of constant acquisi- eminently strong and substantial. Since then, differInflam.of Chest. 1 The coimnunlcatton was referred. Diarrhoea 4 Inflam.of Heart. 1i;!I'—Confederacyrevobmaa. The French Govdniment would also tion and unflagging industry. The son of ZACHAar ent portions of the First Division have used the drillThe transmitted a communication from the nrATBB raoa sxrzasAL Axn othzs caubis. not nxpaxn- Mayorbondsofpeacethe mutualthat conati^have wished to obtain from the young King a promise of poHtieal lefDrms and the concession of a lil>eral eonstltntlon, and to that end it has made several at- tempts, either through its ambassador. Baron Bazxica, or ft» BsTOy Extraordinary, General Rotcsi, but every eiiDTt has (ailed in shaking the firmness of theMacadlat—a manClajlxson, WiLBXBpoBcx and Stkpbkh, for his exertions and sacrifices to promote the atmlltion of the Slave- trade—Mr. .Macaclat had doubtless an excellent early training. He entered Trinity College, Cam-Tggard, tmity—to set^re where the moreworthyok sxasoit.21 Trcm's sioid 6 Asphyxia. Delirium Ago,3 foison 1 CssnalOes llLock-Jaw llPrematnre3lrth«1 l| Malformation... llSaicidebypoianl Total 34 Tbe number of deaths compared with the corre-T" Union waa peifiaet Uniooto be named along withma CPOH climatethe "married the calm,and was soon in the Uni- dlstingnlshedcriminallyPresidentannounced thefollowingas thebeingRegulations,in whether this Uaion canMaoaclatreturnedto England, Penal Coda,having which,com-Lordand WAxam HAsmes, two of his aunt tirllllant pro- ductions. Mr. MAOAOLAT'sinbcequent political career In England was somewhat less active than that pre- Tl(HU to his departore for the Eaat ; bat he still con- trlbated—as Miunber of Parliaaient for Edlntmrgh, Secretary at War, and Payaiaater of the Fanes—to IhestoresofourParUamentaryeloqaenee. Theloss of bis election for Edinburgh ta 1847, owing to hisleipmiiUl- Iti Diiqnietade and theKenudy.ClivbAresolution,offeredonbehalfofcertainviewsontheMaynoothqaesfion,Indooedhimtoretire ownersintheFirstsndSecondFireDistricts,tohare cocNTTXXPXS8I8—o«wnnnoHINiHB<anandonllnaiy ctRnmstances,LnrcH to the 12th of December, at which dates no material would bavoi been the subject of lasting regret (Bnt 46, located more dlrecUy In their vicinity, was re-jand ln> the Indian expedittoB to China. It la not to exceed teillgent, they derived no small consolation from thecitizens—tsTeduce the fare on the City Railroads to Vka Bne not being tn woiklac order 11i« aewa had 13,000 men, and probably will not be over 10,M0. rvBor that he was to devote his leisure to the grand three caits, was refiBned also.mp- oar humb:e and hearty thanks to the State Aaaon-SaekTme,batowtBg tothe ezprem One-half of these will be Sikhs.'tolwupretaedtolM0>, waltlag some bonn atHaUflut, In tka bma reportliar qualifications for the task, his Parliamentarycareer, his official knowledge, bis aodal ex- Corponttaa be reqnested to Inform the Board, at its maining nnexpendedA was current that the British Government had determined to amalgamate the Indian andat the end of theyear,to be asfor the[Cheers and laoghter.] I am not sore but tkat honorable liody consulted the proprieties of themail of Nov. 15 has'arrived. The system of free ethlgratlon Of Chinese to thetions to the Legifm d*Honneur.Admiral R011A19 Desfo:jsss has been app<Hnted Ricx steady. Soqab firm. Labd heavy and nominal. buildings.M. O'Brien, First Wardgrand crocs of that order.Tcais, Saturday. The Sardinian Covcmment has l>€en Informed ofthe further prorogation of the Congress. The time fixed for its definitive assembly will be noted to the;objectsPowers at a laterfollows:west two oceans, and on the south by someday^Payable from taxation, and the Interest collectedon taxes, ?T::3,02I.Payable from sinkin,; f'lnd for p.iyment of inrcrc^ton tbe City debt, 46i),i^7 74.Payable from collections of interest on assessments,ta8,»;8.Tom, *1,27I,82« 74.Tbe estimated amount of receipts for Interest onbylinewluchit is notverj- easyveryaccuratelyto ilesiirnate. [Laughter.] The Capitol still stainda at Washington—a body of men are aaaembled there who are stinggling' to organize thmuael ieaDeath of IiOt4 Macavlsjr. Pnm the London Teltgrap*.It is with feelings of deep regret that we an-dend.and histo- rian, lord Macaclat, which melancholy event tookprove imitation of a National Congress—nounce the death of the eminent easayistFkahcib II. has alwaysthat the constant aim of his cares should be to inlro- tainments, as well as remarkable mental powers. He cipies, as old as architecture. Before It was placed Honn. Dcportrn^ni— Baker,:yoimg Bovereigiurepliedversity as a youth of singularly large and varied at- carried off prize after prize, and having on leaving theof hisAlmshmue Councilmen Decker.duea lata the aeveral administrations every pos<dble improvement that did not tend to the detriment of theupon the walls—which, bythe are solid—It was way,Jrts and Sciclic»—Councilmen Burns, Campbell, Trotter.sponding weeks of 1858 and 1859,week,77 .13Schosen the Bar he select- ashisprofession,and satisfactorily testedaf scientific men.That the first structureIn theUniversityed ihe Northern Circuit as tliereer. About this time his celebrated article onTOM" appeared In the Edinburgh Revietp, The publica-presenceandthought punished as a crime T What sort of aasfor Calne, and to ofBce as Secretary to the Board ofJointFerley. Van Wart.LAXsr>ow:ii,they feel Interest enoughCommitter on AccowitsBythe freeThecitizensofOberlinhave issued a circularVanWart ending Kane.:institution-peculiar Southern States. Northern men gomgInformation,of "The History of Eaglaad Iran the Acossslon ofis by no means cettun but that the proper fU«-ovolumes of IAb History tf England were hailed withhave been educated In bar-rooms, brotbeU an.1 p:ilitici.i societies, and vhose only aim in attaining p.jwer is to consDmmatc schemesfor their own ag^raxxdi/em-ent aadThat this whole subject be referred to a Se-an enthusiasm which marked them out for aResolved,lect Commitue, to consider and report what, if legislation Is required to correct the evils above men-popular- ity baldly less extensive than that which attendedCount Wmwsxi iB reported to have declared toIke diplomatic corps that, as long as he was Minister The Daily News' City Article says tliat the their predecessors. In 1856 Mr. Macaclat resigned pecuniaryargeaimn.en under IndIincttmheentprfeosrenmturr*lJoemr.aou:di tioned.any,respondcall tmder which tliis meeting is held, I am thank-ful that I have never shared its hesitation or hadhis seat for Edinburgh, and on September 10, heCoD&cilfraud, and those who, only a sboit trme previoua to their election, were inmates of the at Blaci,-The President named Supervisors Blimt,vrltbtn the memory of living menhope is far from being realized.tieen cirrently rumored that the Sth and 0th volumes of the work were about to appear, but we are enabled to state, on good author!^, that, whatever materials mav have been accumulated, no such extensive ad-spoken.orator,essayist,of ourbe menacedsome un-week (onlyfivetracts made them. send for persons and papers. byAdopted. solubly together and render its disruption impos-The market was irregular and closed easier, pricesgrant improbabilitiescase, the ex-at anneied quotations :quiet LIVXBPOOL PBODCCE KABKZT.upInorder,set-THE BOARD OF COUNCILMEN. The Chamberlain Bibtii, Private Secretary to the and bars. Scgab 6d. higher and tending bpward. THX 15T1B1ST ON IHI CITT DEBT FOB 1860King, has been dismissed. for Algiers.He will leave to-morrowBiXLni,Saturday!Commonhad foreseen the years of toil and of suffering it would take to achieve it, they would scarcely havedid— and with nncalcn- boldly-ConaBAGZir, Friday, Dec. 30, 1651).steady. laox firm at jC5 10s.@£5 15s. lor both rails CoFFU firm and Is.® Is. fid. higher on some descrip-resistless lathers had foreseen tbe cost ofIf ourtions. TxA firmerTcBPBSTiNi dull at 34s. Tallow steady at57s.^57s.6d. FishOilsquiet LmsiuOn.27s.3d.a27s.Od.Board to the General tendent, passed Hay, 1859, be, and the same is hereby,.Resolved. That the Committee on Bnles and Begnla-rax slew ef buoyant Oneprices unaltered. of the Common Council In the exainlnation of unsafe In response to a resolution of Inquiry, the Ckimp-;CongouIs. Sptairs 3^d.Police Fcrcc frtm thisSupfrin-theBankofEnglandhaddecreasedConsols closed on Friday at 95 !i'39SH for accountei-divldend.BABiaa BxOTaxBs quote Bar Silver Ss. 2d.; MexicanDollars, 5s. 13id.; American Eagles, 7Ss. 3)td. HXVAK MAAKXT.[For Ike Week ending Dec. 37, uultinve.] Conoir very dull sad all qualities considerably de-; New-Orleans tree ordsnaire, lOef., Bat, lUtThat the Counsel to theResolved, CorporationHall Ser- and Patrolmea James Metcalf, Thirdsevered and is a matter of secondary consideration altogether. It is enough inteiits sndbutWbalxbobs, sales unimportant I.ATIST MABEZTS.(Sr TXLXOXAFH PBOM LIVBBrOOL TO qCXXXBTDW!!.)sales were 8,000 bales, of which speculators and ex- porters took 1,600 bales.Other markets unchanged.LoKDON, Saturday—P. M.Consols closed at SSI'SQSJ for account, ex^iivi-7b Ihe Editor tf Ike Nev-York TonesIn your issue of this morning I find an articleentitled "Alleged Insecurity of the New Arsenal."In which you give publicity to the unfounded appre- *'3 Liver, dis. of... 3P,epul3lic Republicthoroughly*' MiL- of a large numberAssessments—Councilmen Shannon. Trotter, Hanson.was as mliowBis suppressed,freedom eren ofopinionand ofmemberin it to of it at all, speakdaily of theirtbemselves of Its iti-ength.be him during the Parliamentary discussions on Very respectfully, your obedient servantIncrease this weekThis increase in the mortality of the week Is ac-counted for the large number of cases of Scarletprop-A belief was currentVienna letters say tliat the Austrian s;atesmen were in the event of its being enfranchised.choice of the inhabitants of so Influential aLeeds, with which he had no local or personal ties, Mr. Macaclat's political position was now made. To tke snrpiUo, however, of his constituents, the right honorable gentleman, before two years bad passed,Control. This was in 1S30, and the part played by satisfyerty, form ofImportantday aflemoon theof tbe Expenditures fer December, 1859, showing the pose the first thing in order to-mght is to lebfrn__^_____ CHINA.thepurposeoflayingitoutasapublicpark—theex-w.Tke new* la of eonilderable Interest.TlMfto'vepassedSee. 11, at2:a0 F.H.,2«mUes British Government The native authorities at Can- jestic sentences with which he Introduced his work -of land bounded by Seventeenth-street and Sixth- visor Bui:n to the effect that imder former laws the haBs of legislation. [Laughter, and cries erf'IngWest Indies had been organixed by aa agent of the reception, and elicited tmlversal praise. In the ma- to authorise the City to obtain possession of the pieceJaaas the Second," they met with an enthusiastictonapprovedandcooperatedInthemeasure. tothepublic,Mr.Macaulatstatedthathewould avenue,sodFifteenth-streetandSeventh-avenue,foriras ordered tobe prfrited.for men who would save the Union is ouuiie theBnalneisatHong-Kongwaslimited,andtherewas cheerfullyIn either or low what is called the dignity of history U he couldone, am proudtoUniversityof Glasgow, and delivered an and resolutlons la censure of the recent attacks on County Countybear the of having descended be- reproachoutside, I, ior be here to-night for -sock a par- the Board of Aldermen, and whilst the laws were in pose and with such an aadience. I am glad to fe»^of which is to be assessed on the ben- little change exports imports. Tonnage succeed In placing before the English of the NIae- pense propertywas abundant. Exchange, 4a. 1 Id. teenth century a true picture of the life of their ances- efited thereby. Referred.At Shanghai, Green Teas and Silks were lower. tors. He made tbe sacrifice, and accomplished his A message was received fro the Mayor, accom-feree many raaolatians and ordinances to and relatingmyseU amongmenwho,even in thesedoa of wfldthe previous day in Paris, and in the middle of the day accounts of partial recovery In Paris caused a slight advance, which was supported to the close.The leading London pa^en ba»a laag reviews of the events of the last jear and^generaily draw hop^:The official report of the Board of Trade on the loss " Pahis, Dec. 30.—There is at this moment between hoiiiiays.<if the West India Mail steamer Paramatta^ casts the the Cabinets of Paris, Vienna and Rome an active ex- LIVEBPOOL BRXADETCPFS HABEXT.blame on Capt. Batstos, and his certiScate Is sus- change of dispatches. This is easily explained 'RiCHAansoif, Spmcx A Co. report Fioca dull but City Government, including donations, such as it has was called at tbe suggestion of Mayor Woon. The meuts overthrown, and';JI'New-Odeans Middling Orleans Fair Mobileto the end of the year, was 44L,b00 bales, of wliich Councilraisi, with the resolution in his posaeeslon, SO],0(j(j were American. The advices from Man- that body had adjourned.!A resolution was presented by Alderman B&adt,7}4d.iMiddling Mobile. . . 65sd. Fair Uplands65jd. .chesterarefavorable. Theruarketforgoods,though The qulemess was owing to theYesterdayaspecialandveryimportant of meetingchecking thea desire to make rapid passages at the expense of the said of the unfavorable disposition of the Count steady and firm ; red, 9e. Sd.aiUs. Id. safety of the ship, and such a proceeding Is censured. of Rome is false. Monsignor Saccoxi awaits in- LIYKBPOOL FB0VI8I0S HAJtEHT.wife of Hr. Sura Bissatus, residing near Maid- the reunion which is now tailing place at Fontaln- Bdlahs, Atbta & Co., RicnAassoR & Ce. and Jas. age of a special law every year, in order to levy such should be transferred from the City Hall Police,^nd white. 9b. 6a.tills. Cd., ¥ ceutal. CoBaduU; yellow, 31s.®32s,;iwse should be levied by the Board of SupenisbrsMcHrsav report Bxsr steady;sales of^new Eastern Mess at t^Os.offeringtaxes.This, too, was adopted.The as to the amount and character of the tiuestion(Twenty-sixth Precinct.);tax-le\y tled.definitively\under the siirnulus ofFrance rush into a revolution which drenched her with Wood? Did not ICngland, under pas- sionate fear and liread of the first Najvlion, plunge into a war which drained her of her children and her treasure,—which loaded her withan debt, and whichls even to this inextinguisliablefelt its oppressive results in every cabin and day byevery workshop of the British realm7)id. 6 7-ieid.POLICE COMMISSIONERS. 1 should like to know what ment.theirBacon quiet. Butchers', 55s.—BalUtOAD CASS 1II8CBLLANI0UB BUSINKg.The Board of Aldermen met punctnally lastevening, Alderman Pick, the President, being tn the Chafr.Severs—£(re<ts—"onnellmea Shaw, Ama, Bsgert. lautes—Coaneilmea Munsoa, Pioekasy, Busr., Wkarves, Piers and £{in—CaBBcilaaa tOaDSll, VrCartby, Kane.faaaiUarity next iiiiiiilliig. what action is necessary for the Comfollows:theCounsel to ask the LegislatuieCorporationWoolen Goods were in demand. Exchanges, 6e. object By a judicious selection and arrangement panying a memorial on behalf of the Ladies' Naticnal County Goorts, oAces of this county, were adopt- excitement, can lift tbemselves ont of the Maokerj<Sd.«i«s.8i^d. Freightsunchanged.of it«elfWashingtonMonuaientSociety,foraidtocomplete—who obligationAt Amoy business demanded for Tea.hadImproved.An advance was, andRe-can dMB- *p^is aThe American war vessels were thus distributedof materialsby retaining only what was tnteresttaged by the Gommea Caimcll and tha Board of Super-visors—sometlnies by one body and sometimes by ofconstitntionaltSe other—In respect to tbe same subject mat- without s^ves,:or could be rendered so by the arUficeu the name.with structure from which they take their blograidilcalandstirofpartisanshipintothepureratmoagkaenissketches of the prindpal actors in the aoeae he ferred.style:by adoralngpagesMot patriotism, the eewUeT* Thesloop-of-warOtTV%antovmatShanghai,thesteam- 1848 Mr.Haoaulatwaschosen LordRectorefthe theFifihDistrict)presentedthe subjoinedpreamble In respect to the and offi- ationoftheirdutiestotlieircommoncosntejr. [Ap-those who have been introstedto meet together and declare their attachment to posed of eight, instead of three members. The Com> the Union and their loyalty to the Constitutitm tm-t^i mind be- comes disabused of tbe Impressions nrodnced, or likely to be proeuced. by reading tbe article In the newspaper1856.The adoption of this resolution was moved by Al-1ri Vregard frea'ed of, Mr. Maoaulat succeeded in prodnclas a Aldenaan Bbant (tbe Republican Alderman from ter; the then Board of Snperyisors being so of elevated Americantoparty interaata,toby publicthat the Board of State Assessors be com-propertyTHE BOARD OF 8UPEBTI80U.his historicalwith ancient literature, and the art he was known to mon Cooadl to take in order to secure the rights ofpossess of writing what people like to read, aa wellas dealing skillfiuly with the less attractive parts of a tbe City to the land known and occupied as West The Conlpfroller saysthere were afloat on the Slat occasion a little more closely than they warehisand when. In 1B48,inangwat the Common Conncll tke Nen-York Hermtd : cers have eonferred powers and Imposed duties plause, mingled with talking and confbaiDB £ran address, memorable for Its ability. In 1849 he was byTHE CONGRBSS.of had transpired. It wag The North China Meraid, of Nov. 5, says Mr. Wais, nominated Froieseor of Ancient History in the Royal Wkeret. In the issue of the »ew-York Daily Herald, upon one or other of said bodies indiscriminately. the attempt to approach tbe apeaker by thoae atat Japan.hewas talied,leflecilnguponnotonlythepublic,batihepri-by his friends put In nomination for vate eharaeter of tbe gentlemen comprising the Com- 1857, a change was made in the organization of therespectfully^loof from the stirring contestaddress, nor appearing as acandldate on tbe husnngs. Nevertheless, the electors restored themselves to tbe good opinion of die world by replacing him in hisIn the House of two orations Commons, byand sented asbeing unprincipled, illiterate and witboutca- paclty or education, as tbe following extract"from the;In wblch they are held up to public odiniB,repre-the fiscal affairs ofthe Coimty from those of the City, without providing a corresponding change In the laws before mentioned relating to the County C^burtsneUber an issuingpaper in question will abundantly showttft tt U Cmgrea contains principles opposed to contrary, we hear of great activity in the Pelho forts, he delivered a speech that did much to clear a way abgOoD,Sthaarte oaunr City LegislatoirUsi,lewriathe bat a fe# esxactepo-f the County Treasury aocfctohuenting receivpeauyifnogr finteos nor to repent of any political action I have everAutumn,;forced to express the sentlizKnts expreEsea a few weeks andfor and any political opilCons moneystaken. I have held no sentiment at any time which would prevent me from joining, heartily anducprlnclyled, schemingtbethethe and for fees received for Courts,foistedmacfameryof prltfary elections, brit}e,] election Inspeo official services performed by the County officers.Rics steady, Lixsirn advanced ls.92s. Luisun This was opposed by Alderman Boolb, defended by SriiuiAy. A call was immediately issued for a meet- taken place in France, m Germany, in Spain andThe Emperor has returned to Paris to-day.The stock-broker, Mr. Gillxaev, has been acquitted prices unaliered, Rxsnv firm for common at 4s. 3d.® tion to insert was adopted, and the levy, thus enlarged, present Mayor Wood, President Stiilman, aud Com-Oil at -iSg. «d.®".ttls. Fisa Oils slow of sale quietAlderman Gzkxt, and debated generally. The mo- In the afternoon. At about 2 o'clock there were ingbeen the work of sober reflec- of careftil consideration ? All move-but Spuuts Tcbi'Kitinx steadythe Italian States,£191,800.they maydeem expedient tar theLivxapooL, Sunday, Jan. 1.Cotton—Thr market yesterday closed firm the payable, also the amount ;the Western Continent.^^^^^^^^The New Araeaal—I,etter fMm tke ComaUs-aary-Geaeral.Stati of Niw-Yoar, )CSHiiisaABi-GBirBBAL's Orncs, > Niw-Ycax, Monday, Jan. 16, I860. >OOCNTT or HIW TOBS. intoFrom January 7 to January 14, 1860.what I fear wiU at the t>est aam satisfied that no Intelligentwho has examined the new Arsenal, would Crolon Water Stock to the amount ofMarasmos.Ad't. Cirrhosis of Lv'r 2 Fever. Scarlet 6» MeaslesXfounded," because 1person,pronounce it unsafe in any respect. It Is a strongmillions of dollars more't 1as we have and substantial building, entirely beyond the sus-5 Pleurisywarks which andgive harmony solidityIned tbe building In tbe early pari of November, andThe Interest on the Croton Water Stock.30 Inflam. Bowels. 7 Stomach, dis. of 1In a cardpublishedat the time, that It waschargeable to the Sinking Fund, for the paymentthe of unity and fraternity among the sev- «pirtfI have no doubt, bear cheerful testi- mony to its entire and undoubted reliability.The firs! building fell because the roof was almostPresident of the Ladles' National Monument .Associa-tWhere are theStateaand room, will,ute,defective. The present roof Is entirely different, and Is constructed upon approved prln.TbeStanding Committees of the Board for the year lt)00justice the tranquillity a^ CCACOrd itby laJlenthe character of Ute new Arsenal, since itwas crushedtheCleaning Streets—OouDiiilmen RoUwaKon, Pinckney, Vsn Wart.Week endingJ66IncreaseUnion is that into one secUon of wliich a man from the other CMPOC without arrested,Townsend, feltthatanewluminarywasrisingIntheliterary isnojustificationfor anattemptedimpeachmentof Femra—CouncilmenVanTine.Allen,Bollwagon. Fr»mabsolutedi8»setion of that article was a and It was soon literary event,or that ahasHogan,Finanri'—Councilmen Shaw, Hall, BogertPirebell. Departmtnt—Couociimea Baulch, Perley, Camp-—Councilmen Campbell,Lamps and GVir—Councilmen Van Wart, Hall, Bums.Lands and Places—CouncUmea Maosin, Trttter, Kane.Law Department—Couaclimen Kane, Hall. Baker. Markets—Covncilmen CosteUo, Bigert, Pinckney.WeekWeek Jan. 14, 1860 endingFrom absolute disease From external causes, Achemisphere. Subsequent articles of equal ability led toFrom external causes, Ac., 41—«aiinsult andisopen for the Inspection of our citizens, who can, Ifsuspicion, bimaelf expelled withstating that they c ontemplale erectingto the memory of the three colored men, Messrs. Copelaid. Leary and Green, who were with Brown at Harper's Fe.Ty.Pvblie Buildings on BlaekueWs Island, *e.—Council- men Kane, Dtcicr, Sbannon.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•Jan.16, IMS Jan. 15, 1SS9 Jas.M, letOand OTtr» »• n 1859,ofBirope.Napouon,falling elsewhere,...Untitled Documentwas, in comptloiawnhciechwitIth htahde rbeceonmmendation of thecommittee referred, carriedunanimously. The Board adjourned to 'Tnursdayj tcommunities are movgreemaetnts of passion. Statesandnationsseldomorneverstopevening, reporthiswar of the Bevolution. It is whennextto count the cost. ThewasA similar resolution to lay tbe same pavement InBroadway, from Seventeenth to Forty-aecond-street, was referred to the Committee on Streets.pavement,laid over.—07 IHI COONTBT TRUAT3lowing closed with a declining tendency, asbis dull. Cop- tbe structure of buildings In this City, and the powers geantwhether it newamount of Interest upon the debt of the Corporationofthe of New-York CityWard::the1860, exhibiting tbe funds from which the same Isenty-fir.-;!Holden, EighteenthWard, and J. Cronk,mappayable during payableyearcreation of a Debt Fund Stock' to the Floatingis stilland a further amount of Cen- tral Park Improvement Fund Stock, for one or twoKidney, dis. ofamount of $3,000,000.also, for a further Issue of $1,000,000.If these Stocks, or any of them, are authorized andIssued, the interest thereon wUI have to be added tothe sums above stated. The Interest on the proposedissues of Debt Fund and Central Park im- Floatingprovement Fiicd Stock, Is to be prov|,;ed for by tax-died on the ears of theBut these are not the things that mate our nationalCroton Aqueduct—Cormcllmen Barns,;it in badrejoicingcrowd.The communication was referred to the Committee ontion, asking for a donation from the Cori>oration. Finance.blessingsfrom each fund, asGen. PlUsbury feels very much aggrieved at the action ofthe Board of Police, and says that unless he can have an unfettered control of the police force, he will re.'^igTi.CITY INSPECTOR'S OFFICE. WKKKLT RKPOET OT DEATHS IN IHI CITT ANDbounded onthe northbytaxes in 1860 Is $80,000, which Is applicable to thatextent to the paym^tol Interest accruing upon Reve- tal, 502. Adults, 189Gfrls,148. To-Fe-Legislature at Its present session, to authorize the *2 Inflam.of Veins.A and resolution was preambleSuperintendent,tcrest ? Have the revolutions which have manyitions be authotiied and directed to make, from time towhether the bills for medical- time, lubjest to tbe approval of the Board at its next and bloodygreathisteryrepealed.plunged as theylating faith in the unknown future—into the longbers ot Police aser efficiency of the foree.great-danger, that they rush rashly mto rebellioii, daringI. IJ^Jbranches of the Commr>n Conncll of thisCity, imperatively cemands th»t either those accasa-tioug should be proved, and the cbar^^es against itsmembers bobstantiaied, or that such accusations and Supervisor Kxssxlt said he had understood from and there can be no occasion for assembling to- charges shonltdhebe as publicloyr retracted as they werepreferred by proprietor proprietoreof news-prisiD^botbbe it thereforeRe«o/t?erf,— (if tbe Board of Councilmen concur)as love of father'andregard may under bank terms, as the advances made by the Bank death at such amoment, when the nation was anxious- Bnard be appointed to take the subject into considera- ish tbe work before them, aU tbe contracts thev had usual peril. [Applause.]bya joint Special Committee of three memtrersfrom each derstood. Intended that the Commissioners are to fin-objectthis quarter have been very limited. This pressure ly looking forward for another Installment of his great tioD, and. in order to afford the proprietor of the news- entered into, and; then, and not until then, their pow- , DlSErPTION SOT AN IHPOSSIBIIITT.was to be expected for the moment. The Railway hislory, will be a theme for universal lamentation. paper in qnedtion an opportunity to appear before the ers are to cease. That would allow them to carry But we are told at the outset, by some who af-LITIKFOOL COTTON XABKIT. marlc apparent, that the said joint Special Commit- K.) hoped the Board would take some action to pre- andThe Brokers' Circularthe sales of the t*e be. and they arebertbyera.powered, parsuant to the vent Its passage, lie then offered a resolution call-reportsbusiness days) at 4<!,000 bales, ofprovitionscr the act. of tbe Legislature passed Feb. 8, ingtremeoffered freely, but did not press sales. The sales of It was subsequenUy moved by the same member ol^ and the number of those not improved 86,761. Total cede fully that nothing but the madness of pas-TSid.lMiddling Uplands.The actual stock of Cotton, as officially ascertained, at-Arms had reached tbe chamber olf tbe Board of SPgCIAL MKnlNi; TDK POWKBS OP CAPT. PILLS- are not capable of, when they are profoundly sway-ed by the passion of lear ur of resentment against somerealorsomefancied^TTong. Talkofnatton-the outbreak or ?Board nfaether it possesses power to lev>' and raisepended for twelve months. The report says there Is by the existing circumstances. All that is steauy, at 23s.«27s. f bbl. for American. Wexat been customary for the Common CoubcU, for many reason given for holding the meeting, was, that Mayor slaughtered, in the heat of popular frenzy andTbe official Board of Trade Investigation Into the)oa of the steamer Mdian, was prosressiog atLiver- ful conclusions for the future.pooL The London Post pubUshes the following telegram very uull, w as firm.lit alterwaids transpired that before tbe Sergeant-iI,.Counsel to the calling upon tbe Corporation Inform—BUKT LIMITED.the Board of Police Commissioners was held at themoney by taxation, for the ordinary support of tbe Police Head-quarters. It is said that the meeting filled with the record of wars waged and govern-.years, to makeand whether it is necessary that the taxes required to be Imposed and raised for such pur-:Wood called on General Superintendent PiiLsin7Ermorning, and requested that ten policemenpojiular passion?Did notMayor Wood and CommlssioDers Bovzn, Stillkan snd SiaANABAH voted in the affirmative, while Com- missioner DLSHOxmx voted In the negative.the worst that and may happen,winds all estimate of results.throwingto theWood and Commisslonen Still- Bowen,Now, my judgment,or cannot belist of transfers Police, and the reportto wasthe City adopted.can or caimot be confederations take itsWardGambling, Eighteenth WardRichard T. McParlan. Twenty-;:B. B. Rosen-are con-burgb, Tw Patrick Tenth Ward.Tbe Board then adjourned.:;;Women, 78;Colored persons, 3.;greatw"hich history or poetry gives us any accoimt,Apoplexy.AsthmaBleedingBlecdluK.Lungs liEpUepsy. Brain,diseaieof1 Fryslpelas..^eas1 Dysentery ...1 Inflam.ofWomb1"which dissolved in a midst ofITlFever.4 Fever, Intermthe shoutsthat usheredBaru'd or Scald 3 Intemnerance.Uompress'nBr'n 1 Lnes Venerea.. lISaffiHJat'naccidmadethe Constitution was intended to form—Qteand inflammation of the Lungs, a-n tbe -following table of the number of deaths In each week,merely of holding Northernwith tbe date will show prefixed,ments an concerningIncrease of is«0 over ie58, t» ;«».potisiJ. H. First Ward Blunt,Boys, 185 Children,213. Males,276.{Ipages rulers slain aud thousands— —Mayor lmieon,ts of,_.eTsearched, hia*f* ii—aoz**Men offrom the Bonthem States—depriveddnwen;!greatas thecerned for which the Federal ConsUtutionpurposes—so farEepublic still holds its proper ploce',I:aware of at the time, for as things go it nowaiiaya,HalL]request, said Hr. B., that while I am talking others at tbe opposite end of the Hall shall keep sileace. I cannot t'^lk here against a dozen there. [Cries of " Silence," " Shut the door," I am liere notin thethere is any party in the counttr wliich dare iiot> or which will not to the demands of thesincerely,objectsmeeting, and ifthat the Union cannot be dissolv- on the Commissioners for a statement of the con- ed that the interests of its sections bind it intiis-oughtto betaken for granted on tbe part of— every justcitizenof sister or of wife, is assumed in domestic life— —groundlessof thecatastrophe.I con-ai interestsweep of ilation^rl peseion What instance a^thearrestingkind does exhibit? Are not its historygreat dained,thisUnionisdissolvedalready. True,b«t poor and a veaenble man still sits in the White House, who, like theleader of the firstsecession movement ofourFrenchblood and carnage, beforeone and like that indivisible,"of the aremeanttoembodyandpreserve. Butwhereis—it was to securewas to establish the liberty it yvas to aecure foris that in one-half of which all freedom ofspeechmerestignominy aa s tnutor and an outlaw ?Noi^mbirth aredivested of all their rights, without even theof crime, but or the accusation anysenti- to the totheSmith in certain sections of that country are subjected to an espionage unknown m the most tyranmcal des- at the outset of theonof which Uiealmost• www.fultonhistory.com 