 THE mBHMLOir *mi&G8eThe Rebellion Among the Workmenof England.PR0GRE88ArrestTHE BOrcHEJTthen a demand fjfor labor at highoi prices.is honest labor thentwill I always give m y help and a idas to the propriety forethejurycoulddoubtastouu of the ver-diet,andactingasthstjurydid,t* tieaotomnrtyof their oaths, they could not, in th eof duty, bare rendered any other. The particular• TOTBHEBBDfTOaOFTUBBBBJ aaewsai paragrapl'has it that LamLegtalativs O n — b H i adlhmsaaad l a the cen the invitallonof Governor Letcher. I l g ontosequenceoftheatrfkooftheahoomakoratoatthatboar parttolly aabaMtof. The Lynn light Infantry,ander oom- Iof Lieut Geo. Kowhall, are,however, still underat their armory, and havejoat been addreaaod b y Attorney General Phillips, to pretence of Major General the Board of Aldermen, and other civic author!•The moat reeling among the mob at this time la di-d sgalnat the Boston police, who are hooted ami«tlruparebellion:batbeingtheadvocateoflawsador- bs would refrain from doing so.Rochester,wheretheyarewideawake,andmattershave taken a similar position a s in this city.•arable to the strike.Mr WnxAMi F. Ouvsa attributed t h e prevailing inade-quate com pensatten to machinery, and the 'compobeel''— machinery that kills the binders, sad oompo heels that kill the workman.the mob obtaining ascendency oyer t h e civil authorities, >bea said that nothing serious h a d occurred,A T B r N« W<». »»*.14.EITHERIVtendered aucb a step necessary. If the military had been-called out, inatead of appealing to the civil arm, blood order and to take cars of those who couldwoulddoubtlesshavebeensplitbeforeordercouldhave notdoso. Mr.Dthenreferredtotheeffectofquarteringbouse b y eickntsa.The jokers—not the strikers—ray that Capt. RynJera, ofNew \ork, should be sent for to assist the Lynnites in preservingthepu*)bepeace.Thejournejmenmasonsandth*carpenterssympathze with the ahoemakera In their movement, and it Is not un- likely that the striking spirit will estead to those trades tf the ahoemaketd succeed.Lrxa, Mass., Feb. 25, 1800.shoe town of Lynn. The Boston police are quartered at the Sagamore.tutes would b e inconsistent therewith, and are s o far r e - pealed b y tec. 231, p . 669.would be kept in the church every Sabbath, to afford per sons an appottunity to subscribe towards t h e erection o f the propesed monster building.THE OKATION UV HaKfU WaKD BkBOHaR. All the apeeches. Letters, Poems Ac"Th's admirably get up tremrrial "—Scot tafc A.m>rtfaa. LAN J A LaINQ, 117 Faltoa streetHOW TO LIVESAVING AKD WASTING: OR, DOMESTI 3 ECONOMY il.IX'SIRAiKD by the Life of Two FasaUtea of Onpeaae Character, Babua and Pracuces, in a pleasant tale ofrealUfa,A Miiie Between (he Vhoenakert. Under a Second Garibaldi,and the BatUn Pahce— Will the BoUonJanissxriet be Per- lord to sustain the strikers in their legal movements.istence, that It may b e injured. (People vs. Demin, 1 Par- ker, 4*9., idem.)me the crimes may all be traced to the use of liquor and the frequenting of places for Its sale. Do not place too much reliance upon the efforts that may be made hi your behalf, but rather endeavor to*prepare yourselffor that death to whichthelaw condemnsyou, that when your life here is terminated you may find for-cinct police, for passing a counterfeit three dollar bill onthe Hudson County Bank of Jersey City, and a three dol-lar bill on the Fairfield County Bank of Norwalk, Conn , at self snd four children onmtted to Opprea Us f—Tke OancMatoru Sentiments qftheStriken— Ihe Wealth of Pearl Street Encourages theAbout eleven o'clock last night a heavy stone was thrownthroughawindowin theMarshal'soffice, break ibg the glass and sash. A n officer narrowly escaped a6. If, in the proof o f the articles o f association furnish-ed bv the prosecution, it should appear that therewasur radicaldefect,sothatthere could be no Incorpora-ton under them asprovided by the statute, the prisonerwouldbetotitledtoavailhimselfortheobjectionupon givenessbeyondthegrave.ThesentenceoftheCourtisthe Btore of John Victory, corner ot Bond and Butler streets. Hewasheldforahearing.CRUSHEDTODKATH William Campbell, employed in theA DIME A DAY.Wo man, woman or child can read this book without beingictareetedtnttapleasant narrative aadexpoatuon of bontaa character, aad ins ructed in hilessons of eaonosay in thtagsM. H . .tbeirtote,and"oa-/ya>gtatheirwood.'' In l.OOOmfliarooBaatrike.aadUieauaeBoinlMrtnKatkiLwblrJwnsb*-Haverhill willprobablystrikeo aMonday IliaI IBatomWhereverS W T W I . ^ UH Monday evening. It set oat in the indictment only applies to a comparwill be on a strike to a week or two. to a fortnight Mr. D. believed there would b o »,000 men o a the strike toMr. D . contiouei hat roaaarka a t ooomo woro prtootoany teentaad to aaaUora bar-ns local sninlinatlenIr. aiircai. Games oaade a lively speech, to whichthe " A m y from Boston'' was amaatogJy referred toMr. (too. Patss, aaid this waa the third day of the cam- paign, and IT they had no captured eagle to shoe, it *ra* because their adversaries bad none for them to take..He* If the ahoemakers could not obtain their ***?*%£ outbreaking the tows",they wouldmaketows«J»»*J«*to call a mass meeting at the City Hall, an 1 to Boehsator, Farmtngtoa,that the prosecnttDg officers aad tha Judgedon. A t any misconception may you will kindly permit meto conhis par- I hopeder, .Mr. Sanaa said theAt Farmmgton a meeting was held evening before last,and a band ofmusic added seat and enthusiasm to theoccasion. Whatever maybe the opinion of the strike, It to them a wiser and a better man. is certainly a spreading and powerful movement.Strike—ModerationDuringItuarctration; butWhatwill brokenbead.The following proclamation wan posted up early thisthe trial.6.Butsuchobjectioncannotbemadeavailable afterathat you, Mortimer Shay, for the murder of whioh you havebeen convicted,betaken hencetotheprisonfrom which youcame, andthere,onthe20thdayofApril next,betweenthehoursofnineo'clockinthemorningand twointheafternoon, you be hangedbythe neck untilAtlanticWhiteLeadWorks,InMarshallstreet,waa thatpertaintoevery-daylifeIneveryfamily.Price,'post paid, 87 eents. BOWLES A WELLS,Liberty B,ing Wh<naXapcUtm isLiberated.»,<A\crushedtodeathonSaturdayevening,bybeingcaughtin thebeltingofthemachinery. Hewaswhirled round a numberoftimes,and,fromappearances,nearlyevery bone in his bodywasbroken. Thedeceased leaves a wifeandtwochildrenat134Plymouthstreet.FIRES.—A three story frame bouse in Pacific street, near Vandeibilt avenue, owned b y John Moran.snd occupied by four families, was consumed b y fire on Saturday morn-orators. i s far aa possible from nattering together in crowds; and a llthe Sheriff, the prisoner waa removed to the Tombs, and ing. Tbc total loss is about $2,000; insured in the Me-Clare in Lyceum Hall. The hall was full, and the opening after dispersed under the authority of the law.sonally responsible. The reference to a previously named place by a mark or word, which In common use it under- stood to mean a repetition of the word immediately above, would not in any w a y vitiate the articles. (Palmer v s . Lawrence, S Duer, 161.)8. The fact of authority on the part of those who signed byattorney istobepresumed from the execution of the articles, and is also proved before the oitlcor takingproofofthesame,anditisnotnecessarytothava Kiity of the aitides that such powers should he proven.8. I am alfo of the opinion that where the authorities of the State have received articles of association from per- sonsundertheGeneralBankingact.and have given the certificate and issued circulating notes, for which the State has received security, and where the association have forthe Court adjourned tine die. Xchanics' Insurance Company.prooeediugs were not at ail disorderly—not so much so asbaa been seen In the Oid Wigwam, Tammany Hall, uponpolitical gatherings. On the entrance of Mr. Draper,theJupiter Tonans of the movement, he was hailed with threerousing cheers, sad the audience subsided into a generaland rather hurried conversation, occasionally there were the community. Every thing is quiet this morning. T h emilftsryhavenotyetbeendismissed. Fearsofincen- some amusing cries, bat the majority of the audience diarism sre exprersed.The Morwalk Bank Case.OFFCIAX REPORT FROM THE SPECIAL POST OFFICE rear piazza o f 1 7 8 Henry street, having evidently origi- 1 dial—inn Twenty -five osath,seemed to b* composed of men wno had felt themselves wronged and were oetermiaed to persist in tbeir eit'orta to rightthemselvesbyailfairandhonorablemeans, Abrief talk with some of the leading characters satisfied your re-THE BOOT MAEER8 AT MILFORD.There is no trouble among the journeymen at Milford,andtheMi'fordJournal expressesitsdisbeliefoftheasser- tion that the manufacturers at Lynn had crowded the workmen down to $ 3 per week. Ihe Journal adds:—MenPostmaster General h a s been furnished for publication- it is as follows.—Nrw YORK, Feb. 21,1860. SIR—Under nate ofthe 17th ult. I reported to you the arrestofHenryWilliams,ofthiscity,chargedwith hav-ing fraudulently obtained from the New York Post Office a letter containing a promissory note for the sum of three thousand dollars, and converting the same into cash b y means of another fraud on Adams' Express Company, and the Norwalk Bank, at Norwalk, Conn. Although, asfire, but, retaining her presence of mind, she wrapped her- self up in a blanket, and thus saved herself from per- sonal injury. She afterwards extinguiehed thajlre, which bad communicated to th e bedding a n d some dressesTHE REV. H. W . BELLOWS, OF NEW YORE, BT 8PS cial Invitation of tee Brooklyn Sanitary Aaseeratteav srl 1 give a lecture at the Brooklyn Tabernacle, Ihe B e v W . A . Bartlett'achurch,rul-onavenue,nearHoytstreet onTUBS day. 28th tnat, at 7 X o'clock P. M Subject: "The Genesis of Crime.' Theepublicarertasp*tiHtffully tlavaedt11attend "By order, GBOKOB HAUL, President.JOSEPH B . JOAVS, M. D , Beordlng fleeretary.DANt'INO^rAOEJOKB.*•—• »id tha manufacturers sa a class wore fa-A T M^ ^ J •••I w»^BBS»aniBBSBBSr-BB.The night has been quiet, and at two A. M , on Sun-snd 30, d o not spply to such institutions, because other provisions are made calling for an annual statement (2JNK^Jf^BLICATItllig.and r e entrance into L ynn to-day will doubtless b e a mat ter of come interest. The impression is getting abroad that the l'earl street boot and shoe merchants can well afker , 163.4. It is enough to show that the bank has such an ex- fourteen cases of homicide which have been beforeUSEFUL LESSONS IN HOUSEKEEPING, How TO Liva, How TO HJIVS, BOW t o GAI*. HOW TO a s Harrvmorning. Itisviewedwithsomscariosityandinterest:—908Broadway,Newlark.THELECTURE SEASON.AnLEOTUauToW^l^IP^throat.-Dr. GILBERTTwill lecture thMtsveniag. la Hope Chanel, 718 and 720 Broadway, on the above subject, glvtag some important faeta ooooarntsg tt a n d other epioeauea Tteketaftcento. Lecture to oommoncaaiTK o'clock.LECTURES AMD READINGS, E T J. M . SIDDON8, AT GOLDBECE'S MUSIC BALL, 7 « BROADWAY. Aboutfouro'clockSundaymorning,officersOsbornand MONDAY,Feb.V.at8F,M.—LKCTuBS,NEW YORK HfflM$D,FfflHtfARY§w—Mb » *Afterameleeofsameminutesbetween theBostonpo-liceandtheLyanstrikers,duringwhichsomeofthefor-merwereunfortunatelyinjured,theGaribaldioftheshoe- ctizeoshavebeenpreventedfromattendingtotheirordinary 7.Theerrorscomplained Inthearticles ofassociation youbedead. AndmayUodhavemercyonyoncrrrorirss—AmocLAsutiorc. . Whereas,thepeaceofthecityhasbeenforeereraldaysdfa turnedbyriotous andtumultuous assemblages, andorderlyverdictuponageneralexceptiontotheadmissionofevi- dence,iftheobjectionmighthavebeenobviateduponthe trial.tentr,hasalreadybeenreported,thecasewillsooncome with foreign police officers and military, when such aid Bracken's Great Falls express team, which w as about Court as to some matters which might properly have been Mje'ore the proper judicial tribunal, when the depart-Dameortheplaceofherresidence,and,ifsirepersistsin Thirty-toiurthstreet,NewYork,and90SouthEighthatreat.her resolution to return home, may. b y this means, escape Brooklyn, E. D. Bow Classes formed aad pupils resolves' aatosupportthelawswasabsolutelyunnecessary.(Ap- plause.)starting forthat place with a "case," andfor over half an hour the crowd labored and argued the point with the expressman. He was carrying the shoes to amentandthepublicwillseewhetherornotthesecond arrest is to result in a still further vindication of an in- nocent man and the punishment or the really guilty partyJ HOLBROOK, Special Agent Post Office Department Hon. JOSEPH HOLT, Pcetmaater GeneralfnperlorCourt—GeneralTerm. FXB.26—DECISIONS—George Hartman,&c,vs.JamesO.Proudtit.—Newtrialgranted,costsabideevent.Win. JelllDghau8 vs the New York Insurance Coapany —Order on terms.TheMarineBank, N.Y ,vs. Nelson dements.—Judg-thedisgracewhichmustotherwisenaveattachedtowhat- ever appellation she bears— Detroit Pree Press, Feb 24.BJhaj• ThesextSloreetnBrooklyn.BD,willtakeplace on Monday even lag. 27th InsL 1 ickets limited IO 75.1TOLJTTICA1L.YOUNG MEN'S NATIONAL UNION CLUtt —A*MSBT tegofthisClubwillbeheldatClintonBall,thu(Boatday) evening,at7Jio'clock tohearthereportofthecommitteeap-introducedinevidenceorreferredtoonthetnal,withre- ference to his position towards the Institution through whose means thisprosecution bss been brought into being. We might In this case have turned aside from the law ofbriefly said that he was in favor of a strike, If carried oa ! made up, and would not carry them back. The matter the case, and have brought with effect some facts to the judiciously. Hehadbeenaccusedofdoligwrongin IwascompromisedbyhiscarryingupacommitteetoGreat considerationofthejury,whichIamnowabouttoad- signingthebillofwages:butbethought,himself,thathe Fails,toconvincethe"jour"toreturnthem,whichthey dresstothe Court. But,thinkingthatwehadenoughla baddeaenothingmorathanhisduty.(Loudcheering) Iweresuccessfulindoing,bytheafternoonexpress. thelawofthecaseinthestronggroundthatwhateverManyothercaseshappened during theday. Nodistur-Mr. JOBS C. VISSARP, one of the manufacturers whoilrst signed the new bdl of prises, was called upon, and : "jour,'' from Mr. Parmentcr's, on Locust street, to beMr.LawmJotaau.vs,editoroftheLynnBayState, re-citedthefactsofaninterviewwiththeMayor,InwhichhehadappealedtohimtoordertheBostonpolicementoleavethecity,asthemostsuitablemeanstomaintainthepublic peace. The Mayor wrote an order to that effect toCity Marshal Thurston, and It was read to thst officer in 1 Morrill's Hall, Mir. Reed presiding, A- M. Dostio, Secreta- fence, two years ago, through temptations b y which anyatlawwillcallat1stDaaaestreet,hemay hearsomethingto bisadvantageADVERTISEMENTFROMTHELONDONTIMES.OF l l ' h November , 18S9: FOLL T—AU go'ng wel'. Write immediately aa formerly, and give address. Trust mattersrequire ycur signature.ADOPTION —ANY RESPECT ABLE PERSON WI3HINO to adopt a healiby ma'e child, ean do so by cabling at theThepunctualattendanceofeverymemberUreqaeated. EulP.NORTON,PresMeoUJOBS TBOHAS PniLurs, Secretary.WINES, LIQUORS,aVC.POUGBEEEPBTB ALB-BRBWEBT BSTABLISHED D97 —We eonUnue to saaanfaeture aad have oa head for sale. Burton Ale. Pale stock Ale, one aad two years eld; also. Pale acd Aavber Ale and Porter for draught, bottling or ahlp ping. Orders re :el»ed a t their stores, 11* Wan en street, N . Y.; 21 Fulton street, Brooklyn,or at ths Brewer?, P»<ichkeepobeOtcace to tbeir executive committee. Their frienlsdull water, resulting from the panic of '57, and them*description of a former printers strife* in Boston and itsca- V H Buatell and servant, J P Townsend. Wm WatteWright.purraasaya^,ampTT mteernlt thetohasith. Theytake^ * j q n f f V * » b o manufactarers, and finally leave theirmanufacturermikesuphis estia»si5*«Lrr £ £ 7 \ ! * * °°* <*mock i»»n<l. the rocsto-^TM---^?:.**M^'***profit. WhateverislefSbor ssamsttapfoeed' fcm^t m- £ 7 1 2 0 ^ a < 1 f o r * ? * ' reasonforthis- ——-* aTiir'i*ee*tmatee.Onenothing, aad that's just your position. By doing nothing—thai to, b y this strike—yon will equaiizs th e great shoesystem,anlregulate affairsforth»futura. Ihe first remedy is,toremainasyonareforamonth—ihetowbeexercised,itisprobablethatwhentheaccusal shall come from the fulfilment of his Ignominious sentence andshalllookforthe parentwho borehim,hewill find nothingtoindicatethatshe onceexistedsave thesolof ihe grave on the verge of which she and her venerable partnerarenowstanding. InviewofthefactswhichIL I T E R A T U R E .IwTiiaawT-^*^*^ •^S^w?'**ORIGINAL STORIES-THB ADVBBTI8BB DBBIBBS to purchase, for publication te a weekly aeespaper.siz orelahtintereatmgOriginalbtorieaofabout100page*offoots-1 WB B*" 'heysenpurchasecheapestA aamwajassay,— ———•—•aa•**•ar " iimii, Frederick Gilbert, P Metager, J P Carter, J K Meyer. Richard Uadd, atlas Breeze, Mrs TW Bowie, 1 0 Kays, Charles Uodgea, ECamp,and10tothesteerage.ttrasansaaiIVt table***,WltJeWJVVW BSBBBBBBSsMbtsVsn.— • _» 0a'a.toatthisdefen dnathassufferedtotheterrorsofsuspensefromdayto day, through months and months, in the cell of our pri- son, and asking h t vain to b e tried a t the hands o f thisnua.betweeenTwentyeeveai*sadTwentyeighthstreets. Ladies BttTSirisrt byjtra. Mieta. ,__,„_ NEW AND LETT OFF CARD-GENTIJutMEN'oaed for tbe Western market, te tarae or Ckthing parehaaedratoraor addrem ITJOTB. Oearor.M small lota, call at the t ,-Merchant taikxa navmg aay e e bssst Ceane street. N. B.-Mercbsntwill please address as above.AGREAT DEMAND FOB CAST OFF CLOTBTBO.- La-lesaadgeatk! ieanreceivethefeBrainsrorthem.^S^*!^l^!!L^uTS!^tfor dreases from SSaaBt2for t^ar^S^AVSSfiwOi £XZ t£**£±^^^n^^nlTr^y\^ feS ' avenue,1fixed as tha price ef stoea- asZa^^Kf* * *fc»oor»tlaw*** the baysr can iff be"t*. Mr. such swishes for thefr sacceen, the reverend gentleman finished''WAHOTTSAXLU.Esq.,lawyer,thenfollowed,makings •cat practical and really the most reasonable apeachef •11, though the others were quite apropos. Said he—If ear 'a** Ishall say some things which may not plsase you ImB ffl r 0l m ntTM J j> J? i « °u*»t not. to be Inflicted on him I Diereldt; u H Marshall and lady, ButtaU, N Y, Isadora Levi,»dt'men bad already proposed to baiand1 themtoesmstsvearsvasZatLoanaanoctotfoateaarryoattheidea. Atthsaraseat time, •*•*£*•* profession,buttomyearlierdaysworkedand guaranteed not to be 6 8 era From * i to * * » P' *toa c Jm uany boy or Been—» carpetter, a farmer, or a asherom-! tj Jt^?* • * »«f ' earned m y broad by the ItbjrPreaeat affairs. Saw,^^5^'«t t wMfortnante youngman,can, byserving three ar tear week* aad paytef a a>ai-eaisetat»thetom»eisaaa trhftto*tr«otahi*,mthe sonsaort of a shot, hut i waaU be tiflb^ b datornitoewhether itwaa made upon a long stick ora last By ths *»*i«« newptaa,a©onewiWbepenalisedt»work atthe-rale whohasaotaervedaoap^reatlcrahip ofat i-i*it trior tothreeyears Tatowffi correot tows of the ant* niter •wly.ssadjauas'tosig--l < r f o r m^^""LJ^L lJP '^ MSstbedone"which the regular journeyman shjoauaksr n o * IO>M Mr. D. then rewrred to th e present sprite, aaJ eaiI it waaaefcaoartofged that tt WiiU be sa»;SJ*u! t' awAtototoid thhty data, and he was eonldeat ft WMH «*eterthreessesatas,Iffaeceasary. Rsportsareoom>ngI i thststrikve w^m* takeatoce »the towns of iaaVraot,to ,ln t0T• V J * wages, just s I long a great taorease In this class ef oSonces. Tbev"ray. Mr« * WmWg, ivWHteharda, Joseph Maaoa, F LaeatraetTaeUtatwoaaaanda, sjdabosa the allgmeat pahv Teeth inserted orer it uinpa Moextra charge for lamporaritaa waa. Walak. 99 Centra streetCOAL.*"s- *• * J-W******** *CIOAL.-PBACH ORCHARD HHtCH A N D BBOABJ hoututo; alao. OmnMrlaadaid Cnaliah ''-aaael: «| tat- tirs warrsbted tobetheoeatacdatprvysas1-*waac«UJC Ukeqttaityareaeidfor. HKNST RtSYh,banceofaseriousnaturehasyetnorislikelytoresult l from the strike here.moraloikncetheprisoner mayhavecommitted,he still hadinfractednoprincipleofcriminallaw,we refrained fromurginganyoftheseconsideratioosbeforethejury. Thehistoryofthiscaseis simplyasIshall now narrateANOTHER MBETUTG.Wednesday evening tney held an adjourned meeting at it: The accused was led into the commission of his first of-presence of several gentlemen, among them Attorney 1 rj. prottm. Speecheswere made byseveral InfluentialGeneral PhilUpa. The latter declared that the laws had been • persons in favor of the movement. Some three or fourbroken, and ins* they m-^st be vindicated Upon this the ! hundred were present.Boston police were accordingly cot ordered away. Mr J. I Committees were appointed to visit Salmon Falls, Straf- defendant sought b y every means In h is power to ascribedallthetroublesofthedaytothepresenceofthe >fordandBarrington,N.H.,andBerwick, Me.,andstart retrelve himself, and to replace the money taken Boston police, and the utter IneiBcieucy of the city autho- J the "ball" there. Committees were appointed to start a from the bank. I do not know but that your Honor is rities. Anallusiontoachangeinthegovernment text!subscriptionpaper, calling uponthecitizensforaid, awareofthepublicrumorwhichwasincirculationatthe failwasreceivedwithgreatcheering. Imoney,he. time of hisarrest, that thevast sums whichhe waaMr. DKsrsx wasthen vociferously called upon. He Itwasvotedtohavetheresolutions,thepricesandthe charged with having embezzled were spentinriotand said they had to thank the gods that some of them | by laws printed in a circular form, and also in the tuver dissipation. This the prisoner denies; and I am assured were anil a t large. Rather, they ought to thanlc th e | papers, the Qeuftie and Enquirer. by h im that they went into various channels, day afterAfter some other desultory business the meeting ad- day, to the extent of $600 or $600. in the delusive hope journed. thatfortunemightbringbacktohimsufficientmeansU>City Marshal because they are permitted to live. (I.vigh ter) Mr.D.glaaosdattheconciliatorycoirse hitherto pursued—to the organisation of a committee among ih:m selves u> preserve order and protect property,•and to tae tileriftheservicesofthiscommitteetothecity authori- ties, and their refusal te accept the same, after the Mayor bad once agreed to do so. He remonstrated agtinsl the i n t r o d u c t i o n o f t h e m i l i t a r y a n d o f f i c e r s f r o m a b r o a d , a n dsaid if i t y had not been introduced th e pesos would nothave been seriously disturbed. H e urgerl the strikersto pursue a conciliatory course, and render prompttn -iaicm jail wouM.be hailed out tomorrow, aad Na- thtir profession and not poated in the affairs of shoe busi- stripped himself ofeverything he had in the worll for thelONSILKRABLE INHERITANCE.—WANTED, THS CMEETING ON FRIIUY EVENING.Another meeting was held at Morrill a Hall last evening,cover up his offences. It was thus, and under these im- pulses, that he dissipated these means, instead of in- dulginginaseriesofdissipations,aschargedbythe public press. When farther concealment became Impos-J heirs of.MungoDaridaon, master o f a tradiag*veaael (died about i;74) leaving a widow, who is believed ts hive kept store la 1nilulelDhia after his deeeaae, and Schildren Apply toMrHa•.•«.Heraldryoffice,B49and861Broadway.Thehairs wtnted ot Margaret Lhienne, living in Philadelphia about 1830.Mr.Geo.W.Coibath,oneofthecommittee,presiding.After reading the circular, printed by order of Wednes- sible—when the bank discovered these frauds—then theday night's meeting, the largs crowd, some four or livehundred, as miny as the hall could bold, were addresseda g e d f a t h e r o f t h i s p r i s o n e r , n o w n e a r e i g h t y y e a r s o f age, who had served that institution thirty-six years withCi A B O U N E - I H A V E W R I T T E N Y O U T W O N O T E S > to Lotted State* Mall station F , a s you requested in yourby several gentlemen outside of the '-craft. 'GKOBGS T. WKSTWORTM, Esq , lawyer, tooK the stand, great fidelity and assiduity, and who had built up a sur-and said that, though comparatively unacquainted with plus in its vaults of $296,060 over and above its liabilities— who h a d been its faithful servant—came forward a n d.etterof tte Slit of January.P.CHICAGO.ness, y e t wherever the yeomanry, the working men of the l a n d s t r u c k f o r t h e i r d e s e r v e d w a g e s , b e w o u l d a l w a y s sustain them. He alluded to the cause of our declaration otAmericanindependenceIn1774,whichwas thaunrea sonable tax on certain necessary articles. And now the shoemakersare likewise oppressed. While stockwas worth just a s much as two years ago, the prices have been reducedthirtypercent Whyisthis? Hecouldfindno reason, and therefore It was right thaft the "jours" should strike. He said that operatives of allclasses should ever receive his good wishes and supportp u r p o s e o f s a t i s f y i n g t h e d e f a l c a t i o n s o f h i s s o n . H e e v e nwent farther, and asked the mother of this prisoner to re-leasetheirhomestead,ahouse andlotinthiscity,settledon heryearsagothroughthe proceedsof his industry.During the times when the prisoner was in the directors'room,afterhisflrBtarrest—astestifiedtobyMr.Moua-han—he made up a schedule embracing everything h ehadintheworld,everyeffecthehadanycontrolover,even in the hands of third parties; and every restitution Wm Ezgraber and wife. Win btofcea and two children,W NFf RMATION WANTBD-OF JOHN RBTD; KEPT A__—sJtheamaioasjdtoglpwnsGreat Fslte, 4c., 4 c —and next Thursday evening h a s been——•*••»•>«•••«•*-a*him&bandof music ant asmall amount of money. Your admissions, however, a s proved upon the trtol, enow that by a aeries of similar frauds, t h o datalosstoa caused b y y o aThe sentence of the Court is that you b e confined in the State Prtoon, at bard labor, for three years and three months.•pokesa follows.—ofJohnLeary,inOctoberlast,at theliquorstoreknown as Crown's grocery, at the Five Potato. Of your agency in taking tho life of th e deceased there can b e no doubt. Although mquarrel existed between him and Smith, you had no right to interfere except for preserving the psace. Insteadofdoing so,youbecameaprincipalintheaffray, snd when the deceased ran from you you pursued him with a n open knife, and struck a blow with such force a s to drive the blade of the knife s o firmly in the temple that you were unable to puU tt out, and you then fled, leaving the knife in the wound. The consequences that follow from these acts are only chargeable to yourself. You fre- quentedtheplacewherethishappenedforthepurposes of drink, associating with the vilest portion o f t h e c o m montty.in a den of vice which should lie suppressed by the public authorities, if they have the power, and there your passions became aroused, and you perpetrated tbo act for which you are now to suffer. T h e frequency with which such affrays are originated, and the disposition o f so many to engsge in them without regard to the consequences, csll for punishment. If young men like yonrsclt, s n d in your class of life, would devote themselves to honest in- dustry in this country, they may always rise to respects bility and independence; b u t if, instead o f so doing, theyThearrestofNapoleonWood, who,bytheway,isnotan Englishman, but a French Canadian, did not create somuch.excitementashisrelease,probably,willtoday. legalexistence,andsuchexistenceisshownbyproving theirportion. DuringthepresenttermofthisCourtthree ThearrestwaseffectedbytheaidottheBostonpolice,andunder the adroit mansgement of the Deputy Chief of thatbody bis exodus toward the Salem jail was made withoutany particular sensation among the crowd. His liberation body, 26 Wend., 474; People vs. Chadwwk, 2 Par-L^"sw.ali£.JU the Fearis avenue cars, or oo leerta* the ear* la Oaaa.Mr. President Doxon said h e h a d conversed with a gentleman who had It from good authority that the rVart •treat merchants would contribute material aid tosustala the strike, if carried' oat firmly sad quietly. Mr. O. de- tired;to haveItgobeforetheeonntry that MayorDavisTHE fTLTON BANK FRAUDS.MORTIMBR SHAY SENTENCED TO EXECUTION".The Judge then proceeded to pass sentence upon Morti- mer Shay, convicted of the murder of John Leary, andcompanies. A gentleman In Tan Brunt street, suspecting that a ll was not right, told him to call o n Saturday night (having prevkraeiy been, a t t h e boose) when h e would contribute a small sum. The accused made his appear- ance a t the time agreed upon, and the officer and Mr. W . W. Donahue, foreman of No. 9, being on the watch, took him into custody. H e states that h e took this means of collectingmoneyforthepurposeofpayinghisdebts.BESCHBR'S NEWCHURCH.—At the morning service yes-terday, in Plymouth church, the Rev. Henry WardBeecher stated that a meeting was held o n Saturday b ysomeoftheleading membersofthechurch,forthepur-pase o f commencing t h e subscription fo r t h e projectednew edifice in Montague street, when the sum of 930,600was subscribed. Mr. Beecher said that the trustees werebusiness men and would not involve the church in peeu-Liary difficulties, and that they were determined not to,,,<d n d4rt »ooaH^fiHa^fid^caa^s ^ThBIO'sm^in'eJrewnal-be aawTal»!d.sat—' aaaaaa.u~..LOST-OM PBIDA T EVENING, BETWEEN TS'AND • P .M., going from ibe corner of Uress* aad Prtoee atreaaa, through Mercer to Houston, Amfty to f tea avenue, a sBata- ture Lileoras of aa English nobtecaaa »e**Uc Ihe aaartaa Court uniform, bearing the seaaasataa of the Order ef Mah» anatheLegionefHooor. Aattlaofgreatvaluetothaavaar beteg the gift of a deceased frtead, teenhderHm b e rewarded by retaraieg u t o t l Wast bUieeneft srreet.* 9 REWARD-STRAYED FROM THECORVEB Of •PAW Bowerj and Canal street early e a ftatui-ar afteraoM, a terrier slut, almut a>i awiotb* old. I* o f a b." tab gray eotw eera cropped eloe* aad had oo a faaey aaorroaeo cottar. T h e above reward wfll be paid on her return to 65). Bowery, or teF. B. Sparing, Herald < "howtod at,and oceaaloaally assaulted with snowbaBs aathoy pass thrtogh the streets. There • a dinVrenceofopinionamong thecitiaenaofLynn regarding thepro-prietyofsendlagforpoliceaidfromadistance,bjtthe onthepreviouseveatogcongratulatedtheshoemakerson UmeodtoboHangedfortheMurderof MortimerShay,youhavebeenconvictedofthemurder circumstancesofthecase,andimminenceofthedangerof iheirmanlyandorderlydeportment onths 22d—thatheand that nothing would occur to disturb the peace.L e m r y .COURT OF OYER AND TERMINER.Before Hon JuJgelngraham. FBB.21—TVPeoplew.W.J Lame,Jr.—ThtiJulgede-The shoemakers then pledged themselves to keepbeenrtator«d IlearnthattheLynn authoritiesfirstap- troopsuponpeopleIntimeofpeace;thatItwas,innearlypliedtor asa*tance from their lister city ofSalem, and ton all countries, considered tantamount to a declaration of nied the motion for a new trial. The following aretooreply waa aa cnrt aa it waa laconic, viz: "Let Lynn take care of herself." The Beaton police this afternoon arwar; and ha considered that Mayor Davis had declared war upon the ahoemakera on this occasion, by calling in a force from a distance.reasons for BOdeciding:—As it is proper that the motion for a new trial shouldrested several or the ringleaders—among them NapoleonWood, aa Englishman, woo has been one of the principalagitators, be baa been carried to Salem Jail, with the ter, Mr. Wood (brother of Napoleon), Mr. Bowen, &c.others. AwarrantlorthearrestofLorenzoG.Draper, Theproceedingswereoccasionallyenlivenedbythethe chief of the leaders, and said to be an able man,hsa music of the Lynn Brass Band. Altogether the proceed-been(issued,andhehaskepthimselfouto<"theway ingswereconciliatory,themainfeatureofirritationbeing moneyedcorporationswithintheprovisionsoftheRevisel ail the afternoon. Strikers to the uumber of 250, the employment of the Boston and Danvera police. This Statut*s. (Talmage va. Pell, 3d Oomstock, 328; Curtis va.be disposed of before the adjournment of the Court, I a m Other speeches were made by Mr. J. W. Ingalia, Mr. Fos- not able to do anything more in expressing my opinion, thereon at this time than to state the conclusions adoptedcommerce the erection ofthe new tabernacle until nearly, * n r EEWABD-LOST, IN COMING FROM PHtLAforce, under Deputy Chief Ham, are a fine set of energetic men, ready for any service in the furtherance of their duty.liberally, and intimated that a large number w h o werenow In the habit of attending the church and did not hirepews, would be expected to aid the enterprise. Onegentleman who was not inthe habit of worshipping inthat church had given $1,000. and other lesser sums werereceived from strangers who occasionally attended Ply- A BEAUTIIDL B O o K - W o R m RKRFIHOmouth church. It was announced that subscription bo >ks MEMORIAL O f THh HOBhS CKnTSNABT.under the leadership of Warren H. Currier, with a band ofmusic, are now marching through the city, the majority ofthose in the procession wearing badges o n tbeir hats, stgu.fytng that they belong to the (strikers Vigilance Commit-tee, whose object is to maintain order and protect proper- day, the 20th, a t which time this despatch is closed, there R S . , p . 662, sections201,202 and 204) a n d providing a ty Tn; Mayor ot Lynn, fcdw. S. Davia, is confined to his could not be a more orderly municipality than this great diflerent remedy, and those provisions of the Revised Sta-Motten ttora MowTriatf Demted—Tito temoe on Lame—Mortimer Shay Sea-avocations, notice is hereby given that such assemblages ean bemakers tod them to a mora peaceful occupation, viz: •o longer permitted, and that a competent force has M en em- are not such defects as will render them void and of no There was n o apparent emotion in the prisoner's man-listening to temperate addresses from their favorite l'lo\ed by the legal authorities to preserve the public peacs effect. The residence, number of shares and person Ah orderly and we>l disposed citizens are reques ed to abstain taking are all named. Whether such person b e trustee o rcollection* of Individuals which may be found to interfere with executor, he takes the legal titles to stock snd has the Atseveno'clocklasteveningthestrikersmetincon thepeacefulpursuitsoftheselawfullyemployedwillbehere- righttodisposeofit,and,bysec.277,p.681,heisper-ner.Tr<e death warrant was signed b y the Judge, handed toLrair, fee. 25, I.56O. BDWAED S DAVIS, Mayor. The Mayor continues entirely prostrated b y illness. Napoleon Wood and the other rioters arrested a n d sentto Salem jail last night wilt not be brought for examina tion to Lynn today.lt notbeing the desire of the au ihorittes tounnecessarily irritate the riotous elementsInAGENT.The special agent o f t h e Poet Office DepartmenthavingBarr, of the First precinct police, discovered a fire on the THB GREAT DOMESTIC OBLIGATION. nated from a barrel of hot ashes. Two barrels of char-coal standing near bad became ignited. The flames were LECTUBE B Y J P . DUBBIN, D D , OM ' T H E BIBIB extinguiehed before much damage was caused. Hiatory of Jeniaalem and the Temples;" m Ntatb street,porter tnat thestrikers were earnestintheireffortsto inourshopsearnfrom$1to$2SOper day. Thewomen yearafollowedthebusinessofbankingundersucharticlesPK^TH FROM 1XTOXI0ATIO5.—CoronerHorton helda n in-procure an advenes of wages, believing that they were in the shops earn from 75 cents to s i per day. The bot-of association, that they have such a n existence, that they juatakd to their demand by tha most powerful tomers, who do their work mostly out of the shops, and might be exposed to loss from frauds practised upon them,que»t at the jail yesterday, upon the body of George B iz,a black m an, who died or congestion or the brain, theresultofIntoxication. He hadbeenrentupfortendaysappeals of humanity, some talked about the arrest and imprisonment of their triends with feelings or indig- nation,andsaidthatitwas reported theywere alltobe arrested; but. they asserted, they could n o t b e worse off than they were now. It imprisoned, they were tolerably sureof something to eat, but as toey stood now they werenotsuraofit.Mr. JAKSS DIUO.V, chairman of the meeting, addressed the aseembisge, aad advised them to do nothing but what as right. H e warned them to conduct their proceedings *derly.individually andcollectively Lettheir mottothree hundred assembled, and over two hundred signed a which he would not commit when there were bat him- pledge to join the movement Mr. William J. Reed pre- self snd one other pnsent (Applause.) Let them not sided. Resoulions and by laws were Immediately passed be tempted into a violation of the taws. Let it be under- approving and encouraging the movement, and a term stood that they bore n o animosity to their employers, of prices was made up. Remarks were made b y several22d.by Justice Morehouse, the previous Thursday. The de- andhasnothingtodoniththequestionwhetherthe com you will observe by reference to that report, the ceasedwasthirtyoneyears oTsgc,andleavesaTamily. A.DODWORTH'S DANCING ACADEMIES,be—Let no man commit aa act, because there is s crowd,Soiree every Wiedneaday night.and that they would obtain tbeir ends b y a sincere a n dearnest determination to cease from labor until thoseends were accomplished. He ssked them if they were a sa body determined to be orderly* The answer waaunanimously "Yes!'' He regretted the scenes that hadoccurred to day, but would not say where the blamerested. There was blame oa both aides. A vast majo- and the " jours" were strenuously endeavoring to return rity of the workmen were opposed to acts of violence; it, but they did not succeed, from some un- butthecityauthorities should nothave menaced them known cause to us. Again they rusted forpeared in the distance at top-speed, impelled by the shouts a n l brickbats of his tormentors, who expressed, in tbeir owncomicalway.a decideddissenttoallowingMADAME SAUV AGEAl-8 DANCING ACADEMY, fttS Broadway, is open for lessons at 3 and 7 P . M . Mondays. T uesdays, Thursdays a n d Saturdays Grand Soirees D a a -who are too many by far for the work to be done, can earnfrom75centstotl 60perday.THE 8TBIKEINNEWHAMPSHIRE.snd that the defects relied upon b y the prisoner furnish to defence to this prosecution. Judge Bronson says:— ' The defendant does not represent the sovereign power,LARGEMEETINGIN DOVER-SPEECHES AM) MINISTERS.BY LAWYERS137 Montague plaee, Brooklyn. CLASSES OPEN A T ALL T1MS8FOR BE 1INBEBS,[From tie Boston Traveller, Feb 26.] DOVKR,X. H.,Feb.zo,13«u.BEOOEEW ACADEMY, HI Two new elaaaea mr Tuesday.BBOOMBThis achonl la opeatasJltbsThe strike at Lynn, Xatick, Marbleheail and other places soon spread its influence to Dover, amren Tuesday last a preliminary meeting waa called at Morrill's Hall, under the auspicesof adelegation fromNatick. Somerear.LmWMmMM }J* agMMhJ ~j»"~ _"a~~__all "gentlemen, s a d quite a a exciting feeling was started. Committees were appointed to visit Croat Fals, Rochester and Farmington, which was done the following day,theWednesday morning wenoticed a large crowd stopping an express wagon in Central etrott.in which was a "case,"the " bloody nagers" to run off with white girls.bymeonthepointsthathavebeenpresented.1 The banks formed under the Banking act o f1838 a r e«PidOdeiphlabycan.the21thliat,aam<01morocMparte if not all the money requisite for its completion was sub- aaeaae.eoBtalmsgbetween $IN>and »i4O-f60orfteof whoascribed. The pastor urged the congregation to subscribe was in sals, the balaace bMiti.rrn bills; two nil. BeakofLeavitt, 15 New York Rep.,9).2. Theprovisions of the B-S.,2vol.,622,sections303. Where*M>e indictment avers an intent to defraud a back, then it is necessary to prove that such bank h*s aretort t o houses o f drinking and prostitution, spending their days in vice, degradation, misery and ruin must b ethearticles of association,oritmaybeshownbyparol, and that the bank has acted as such. (People vs. P a vpersons have been before m e tor murders committed on these premises. In all the cases of murder tried at this Court the prisoners have been young men, whose crimes are to b e traced to tbeir habits a n d associations, and inMORS Cut >TKRFHT BILLS—Several unsuccessful attemptswere made by two women on Saturday night, to pass counterfeit $5 bills on the Citizens' Bank of Worcester,Mats , at atores in Columbia street. A man named II. Q. full of Cotton was arrested b y officer Higgerty, o f the Third pre-interfere, the company may sue o r d o a n y other lawful act, whatever sins may have been committed in bringing the Body into existence."—McFarlan vs. the Triton Insu- ranceCompany.4Denio,392. Motiondenied.Mr. Sedgwick, Assistant District Attorney, moved th e sentence of the Court on W. J. Lane, Jr.The prisoner, on being asked by the Clark if he had learned a trade, replied, " No, sir."Clerk—What hare you now toaay whyths sentence ef the law should n o t b e pronounced upon you?Prisoner— Nothing, s i r .Mr. Holmes then rose and made a statement in behalf of theprisoner, giving a whole history ol how he waa lured on to crime. He said:—If ihe Court please, la compliance with a request which was made to m e by the accused in the event o f your Honor deciding the application for a new u ial in the manner to whichyouhavedene,Idesiretomakeastatementtothsclearly justified t h e arrest, it n o w becomes m yduty to express my full satisfaction or the entire | innocence of Henry Williams of the charge preferred againsthim.andtoaddmysincereregretthatitwaamade.This statement is made with the hearty concurrence of the United States District Attorney. I beg leave further to s*aie that I have failed to discover a n y other than the mosthonorablemotivesonthepartofthoseconcernedin the identification o f the person a n d handwriting o f M r . Williams, the two principal circumstances upon whioh the prosecution was based.The statement appears in some o f the newspaper noticed that two of the Post Office clerks positively identified th e party first arrested aa the person to whom the letter from Norwalk was delivered. This is a mistake. Therewas no such identification. One of the clerks testified that be thoughthehadseenHenryWilliamsatthe deliverywin- dow, but that be would not positively so state.The recent arrest, examination and committal of anotherparty, James S. Williams, charged with taking from th e from the remarks they made. The girl is said to b e fromPost Office the letter referred to and embezzling the con the neighborhood of Dearborn. She refused to reveal her TBEWOaffi EftTVATB DANCING ACADEMIES,fit WBSTmanisliableto beassailed,and,astowhich,fewof us placed in bis position could resist, and to which I will not further refer. After having taken the first false step,thement affirmed, with costs.Charles Alt vs. Jacob Weidenfeld— Judgmentcilice of the CommiaaloQers of the Almshouse. Kcllogg. «Apply to Mr.p o l e o n ( W o o d ) w o u l d b e a g a i n a m o n g t h e m . ( A p p l a u s e . ) Mr. D.said the city government was not in the hands of thelegallych.senofficersatthiscrisis,butinthoseofcer- tainshoedealers and bosses. Mr. Draper said thatas there were a number of reporters present—am rag themonefromNewYork,the NswYoat:HBXALD—ha woiti rocaptttitoto the immediate causes which tod to the strike. IntheOralplace,theshoetrade,ssnowconducted,Isno- thing more nor less than a species of gambling. Fair and honest dealers are undersold by those less scrapatom. It isthecentos)ofnearlyallclassesofdealerstocutdown prices, every fali Last autumn, In anticipation of a verymdfndnal manufacturer eat down the wagat of his same time to behave like men and show true colors. Court may not know the fact that the prisoner is a mar- .lose Lividgsten. Lieut U Law l'HK;J Kowner, wife and In- your address.wholecauseofallthepresenttroublewasamonopolyIn the hands of speculators.Rev. J. M. DrKcux (F. W . Baptist) came next, and made a most characteristic speech, full of humor and g o o d h i t s . H e c o m m e n c e d b y s a y i n g t h a t " o f t e n t h e l e a s t saidtothemost possible to be swd," andtherefore he should say but little and that little would beinencou ragement of the object W e have not time to giveleatherKxchange,ontheAmericanHousesystem,where the strike waa right, aadthat there were twotheyossateteforSouthernaadWesternorders. Buyers bat two ways to remedy it Sometimes, said Tf ,^tiDfto °*^ehamwi hfmrt wnloh *•barethought twochildren;MissElleaMPorter.*w> WMaiblo there, aad pretend they hare not come to be, a m an can do most when he is doirg of It will call into being. Should tho extreme severity ofrushedbkhdlytotothemarket,theyoverstockedit,andplaced ihisaa s| -res wholly a the mercy of the buyers. W egrief and the scathing sorrow of that old man, when he reflects that perhaps when be shall totter into the grave, o n t h e b r i n k o f w h i c h h e n o w s t a n d s , h i s s o n w i l l b e t h e inmateofafelon'scellinourState prison. Thereisstill another and a higher relation, of which I shall say no- thing: thereto something so holy, u sacred in it that ILeyaroon, Cbas Leyoock, E B Small Mr Hone, A Frenchman, Mrs Kei.net, J Humphreys. W D Wood, Ettas Cohen, S 8eo ger. J MBaS, H S Ball. J Wradenberg and lady, H H Cass w e l l , J E D a v i s a a d 1 0 i n s t e e r a g e .AIICavss—SehrDefiance-CaptMurrayandSofthacrew of schr fsarah D Sparks, wrecked sad condemned at A C.DEPASTURES.to 18*0, resided and carried on thstVnlaasB orbakera in ifsw Yorkor Brooklyn.TH E O W N E R S O F C Y P R E S S H I L L S C E M E T E R Y L O T S bysendingtheirnamessndaaMlossestoroom64Moftal'a building, Broadway, New York, will receive a document, free of coat, which may interest them.have been teM that the tow of supply aad demand aloner e g u l a t e h * h d e . W e n a v e , t h e r e f o r e , o r g a n i s e d t h i s s t r i k ewiththeviewafdepleting'the market andadvancingtheprice of goods by cettteg off the supply, which pmyosewe have to s sassssre accomplished, according to the admanteas of asfsetohto eemmercisl papers- It is the his speech at length, as ii is,like all of his, unrepcrtable, custata of shoo maaafnotorets to assemble at tha Shoe aad and must be heard to b e appreciated. H e thought thatGEORGE8TAKB,(LOTHI.VG, «kC.j Pablieit was possible for him to make over was made by him toPimeioy, J .Mitchell. A F fseagrsves, H Piper, U Cheever, M gentleman's c'o hlng store la Uffy street, Dublin, Ireland;_ ^HB COMMITTEE O N LANDS A N D PLACES WILLLnluk,ATub,JWebber,MaxWappian- 120tnthesecond C. C. Gi I'l-v followed in a short speech and gave a b:,.if self before this Court, and, if there be any mitigating cir- cabin and ISO in the steerage From Central and South Ameri-came o u t to ibia country about ten years ago Any Inform* tion will be gladly received by hia brother Thomas' family, 331 West Twenty seventh street, N. Y .*thisinstitution ItisInthispositionthat heplaceshim-cumstances connected with these declarations, it may be Jr; Gonvernear Kemble, Professor Bartiett, U 8 A ; WTTHECOMMITTEEONPUBLICHEALTHWILLMBIT on Monday, the 27th mat, at t P. M, In room No.»<J*y Hail. A ll persona Interested, or having business wit* sail lamittee, wi'l please appear without further noticeTBBBNCB rARLEY, i Comatittes MITHAEL TUUMEY } oameet oa Monday, the TJth instant, at two P. M , la rosaa No. 8 Cttv Hall. All p^rtona tntertated or bariag baatesss turmgofWesternextendedpaperthen falling due,each successfulresults. He urged them to stick andatthe proper that heshouldavail himselfofthem here. The tHiram,lad;acdchild;JRGillis,HMKeith,DrUHolland, 1J.-TOCRSOFTHEUST WAS RECEIVED;SENDMB with said oommJttse will please appear w.thout tankerGEO. W SWISS, Esq., lawyer, then address*! them ried man. But the Court, I presume, does know the fact, fant; Hawkins, Geo THolton, D P Loder, W Dalton, W Bof great pronto from the law rates of wages and the loir in the same manner, and rather injudiciously referred to as well as most or the community, that his father has a Fouihwick, A N Hudson Jules Parche, J Havelin, G Dunn,W THB UEIR8 A T L A W OF JOSEPH THOMSON OM price of stock. H'»h one or a few indi rii utrs alone, this the late trade movements between New Engiani and the high and unblemished reputation, built up by honesty, Kelley, J MeMurray, J Jerome, aad chars in the steerage. James Thomson will bear of something much te their ad- might resell advastageooaly; but inasmuch as all had South. H e thought with the other gentlemen that tbo integrity, and devotion to bis trusts, and every vantage by applying te Richard Patrick, Stf Pearl street, NewTEBENCE PARLEY | CtmaaittesP. i A . BOfiLh, > onJ. H. BRADY, ILands aad Plasmworkmen, and ftWtly tocraated his business, tn the hopeQuaaastewa asm LivsarooL-steamship Kangarao--Oeo A Mrtealf. flew Tort; 8 M Dux, Philadelphia. G W Waitiaker, the great and glorious object is gained. With many good prosecutioBjI suggest to the Court that eertalnlythe mat. Mow York; Joan Nixon, Barry Cotter, uharles Levi. B VanAto 5 r ! r ' and M a enee working man 1can spaak7Jv- 7?^*. > wto my mind,, tho-igh it raty confidence which was placed to you by these whose to J aad R Craaat-.a. Utatas F and Ma CranawnJUsJen111 andtad payt jou enmfotahto the business wld b e heaB makers,aadaweeMha till the »ti, to ram,a*"*.lent. Wb«a,euwyearaaca.uABTIflClALBOMBPiLUNGFORDBCAYBDTKET0, kjats aaade Prposeof prerealtogthe repetiUaa of then TJaler a _ CM»U kOftsaaasaaa, BChoot fr r L,WUaey. Major Wortos. A. put as »hiVaoft. requiring no prraaire. ant gtrsag notbeirfortuae»,agreainavfforw9fmi,aa4 peia aaktogteetharmereahelaean bettil^dwadrlt ftoosssof"Mo!__**• * *'__.. $8,000helaemaTeaiK S ^ J ?L A8*"*}!^ 5t f n•UUto^f. *•d<me> *•* •n o a W * • Court1A toopenacorrespondencewahaaySyoaagtlad?ofrefinement and beauty whobaaconfidenceto bJksincsri'y and h-unr;only aucbneedaddreaaarburHoward,unionI'loarePost ~"bouM . ; S E * 2 S * 2 5 ""J TM «W«tomneved dispense££Et£Zt£t?Mld d T , , , t o ito;-Wbatorermaybsmyowafeelings, »gire aDENTISTRY.V&. LUTHKK,Tha offence of whichyonhavebeen found guiltyisone involving great criminality. You not only violated thatayTaBarrtaWOBTH O F GBKTLEMENA N E W AMDaorj-tad I'llUU forestsyeawereanderobligationtoprotect,butyouun »rn-u_ „ „ to inevery lawfully appropriated to your owa purposes a large %*lir demand aad atasontoftheirproperty. Theapparent team-tatty froapunishment of such oiteaces, in times past, baa tod to toeaatoat****"'^rshw hsvsatItawd heen eoamltt*! witharookle<ma.»*FOr.ralon,MaryTinley TaosJacuties,WmPalmar.WWolff,left offCkahiag wanted.BartheW<»•• Weft10 which seemed to be almost in deuanoj of aba •*»••ays tow,aadspecialatanteahare beenpassedfortheSaJas.8B«UhVa»Or.ea.EWBurney.WIISwraaJ I'•Minkaom,7 Levy.S aVona F Maeeve. Mraal MrsWB Dipaan-re34*lojd.wwaasaltsroetuldrea,GeoBauer,Geof ef (hi« character you htft haon wovteted o f ac-im* IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691J IUuuw* l««aC*aa(atSai tVJ** a a t f ^ ***"*> * - of ta%dwco**rer. 1 CSS Broadway, earner o f Thrty ura'.ahe*l.Untitled DocumentBe eompetmoa tiattaed. t t a cheap opvtt**,Comer of canal aud Ceuhe, tad Jaae aai Weft Ito theworefunds of employedthe institution nmonnted towhere nearlyyoatheThe prosecuting officers, I regret to say, gave men© •onto believe that they would favor as hiaay way. kindness of the Governor and the Judge Ishall always recall with gratitude, but I could not misunderstand tt. K was undoubtedly from pare goodness of heart that aged sad eminent dignitaries ooaiaasusatBd t o encourage aman, a stranger aad la a criticalcorded in that way should not he "Interpreted inway. They certainly could hat autborise m e to infer any- thing but what was expressed, aad hi that than wm noare to circulation among the eW- the sum ot sixty thousand dollars. The District AttorneySubscription papers i _ —being received. Maajr of ens, aad a liberal response to being received.have subscribed $10 and $*.It Is highly commendable to the 'st-ikers" here thatthere h a g been n o disorderly a n d riotous disturbaacs The remarks of every one who has spoken a t t h e meet- ings have tended to instil a mauly and temperate d e r a - tion among even many who are high spirited a a d natu rally unrestxairable.has deemed it his doty to have more than the usual num-ber of indictments found for tho various offences committod by you, no doobt because, from the peculiar nature ofthe transactions, it might b e to many o f them difficultHe stated, properly to place the facts before the Jury. "•— '-tnat heto mud to day to sustain the laws, and he de The "booses" there have signified their willingness tohowever, upon the trial of the presentshould b e satisfied with one conviction an .and would not bring on the other todtotsaeato, altar thatresult, for trial. These contodaraltons have somewhat in intimation aa to the pardon or Stevens. Whatever hepsmploymentofforeignmericenariestodothat whichlbs •makersofLynnawaereffullycompetenttodo mwBsssrrsa. HeraferredpatrtkoXtteaillytotindaftofthenueneedmetotheJudgmentnowto*e rendered Ire- frainfromspeakingoftheconsequenceswhich mustfol lowfromthecrimes yoahaveommitted. Thecupof the transgressor in almost every instance will at tome time overflow with sorrow. I have n o desire, b y any- thing that I could say, to add to the bitterness or the re- gretsandgriefwhichyoumuttfeel,whenyouremember what you hare brought on yourself in the loos of chnrae ter, of home and of friends, as well as on those who are deartoyou,tothebitteraffliction whichtheyarecalledupontobear. Inthe solitudetowhioh youwillbeson- signedthesereflectionswilloftenpresentthemselvesto your mind. I trust they will be impioved by you in such a manner, that when you are restored to that society from which you are now to be separated, yon will come backremainstothatunfortunate young manfatebelasted onlyinthemercyandmagnanimityofthelegislatureof Virginia. Itisthere,ataayrate,thatweshalllookwith keen anxiety and many misgivings. GEO. 8INN0TT.BOSTCW, Feb. 22, I860.Brooklyat City News.Fatea P»RBtcsB —A young man, giving his GeorgeWatson,batwhoserealnamefathoughttobe IsaacDeGraff, wasarrested by officer Grogan, oftha Thirdprecinctpolice,onSaturdayBight,oathechargeef obtaining money under false pretences Itappears that the accused has, during the past week, called upon a nam ber of citizens and collected about one hundred dollars b yrepresenting himself sa the authorized agent of Hose Companics Nos. 8 and 9. The money, h e stated, was to beappropriatedtowardsrefurnishingthehouses of theabove li1a^a^^ 2Li TL2 r?? •S^^^edenaTefOUR SPECIAL LYBW COBEESPOTOENCE. Revolution, when the fathers of the republl 3 flew to arms tow even now, or when others agree to pay the 'terms"to drive foreign mercenary soldiers from the soil.Partial Saturation of Order—The Military SM Under Mr. GEO. P. SAADEKSON referred to the misrepresenta- The heat thing Is for Boston concerns to pay higher pricestionsconcerning thestrikemadethroughtherepublican forthegood*,andthenthefirstand,perhaps,mainstep press. They had said much that was not true, and by thatI.TB, Masa., Fob. 24,1M0.bat they cannot afford them ander t h e circumstance*.Atmt—I'Tebabtlity of the Strike Sptfadme to OtherTrad*t—bf4mi0M afthe Peofle,de , at*.Theexcitementthatbaabeenraginginthaicitytocon he(Mr.8) mightutter aoiwfhmgs to-nightthat would We understand that meetings have been held atmesas bad passed odium to fall where It was notjustly das. HechargedtheMayorofLynnwithinconsistency,andsaidTHKSTRIKEOfOTH1RPLACESINNEWHAMPSHIRE.\m7VrmfJSB?1T08T-ATTHBMATINEEOsTBATUBBAT ABYSS ate reward a illte- pais if tefi »tta W a OraeTcoamj*a5j2?.accedetothepricesasked,batnotnow,notuntil they canafforditbydispoclogofthestockonhand,whichIsaandLaurensstreets. S3rewardwillbepaidbyieartu Mo1laurensstreetl ithey will not he backward. They say ths prices are just,been called upon b y Judge Maynard, counsel for HenryOn Friday evening an alarm of fire was occasioned by theexplosionofacampbenelampInthehandsofaser-two doorseastof Broadway, Inconnection wttbi lbs exMMnon of Solomon'atemple onTuesday evening, Feb.28,at eight o'clock. Openfrom10A.M.to10P.M Admittance2Scentswith exists.Samuel W . Davenport v s . Jasper W . Gilbert a n d a notherr—Judgmentaffirmed,withcosts. EdwardW.Townsend et a!.,vs.PeterBogartetal—BRIDE OF ABIDOS-I HAVE WRITTEN VOD A ale. stent many Utters, bnt have received no answer. Write tomeinmyownnamewhere1nowam,andtellmewbsrea leittrwillteachton IhaveentreatedsomeofmyletterstoM. Y ASSAR 1 OO.tin Sherman —Judgment attlrmed, with costs.John A . Clossman v s Isaac II. Merkle—Judgment af-firmed,withcoets.A i i l v a l u a a d D e p a r t u r e s .ARRIVALS.r.ii ii'OBMA—Steamship rfaJtlc—Hon M 8 Latham and ser-vant, Mrs Moore, A bidgelev and wife, alisa M Mfro well, Mia*J . M c C i:anhy, K F ("bilds, wire atd two Infanta Mrs E P Wilbur,.1 tf Strobridge, Scebier, Capt John J>e Camp, D 8 N; Dr rick ley, USA; Col Moms U S .a; A P Dennison, Dr Houston U 8 A; D Samuels, T Dean, wife and child; CJ1 Wilson, lady and chid; W B Gilbert, John C Lane,«' O'Connor, Gen Touen, US A. S S'eubena. A Komatn, Miss Cora, Mrs A tfiaot aad fa- uii'v. Mrs Lawaon Miss J Woods, Major Kwlng and family. J A i h e r u o n a n d f a m i l y , R e v M r W o o d s a n d f a m i l y , J o h n P o t t s , MSch'.esaenisr, Mrslottand child. W H Diets, R Reedand wife.LHickmanandwife,J I)MUliken Gregory Tale,JB Crocke,JAKnttzer,MrsI, Mann, «rsWFriend,Mrs Fair-the Poet ouico. '-There, there, dear." N o 101.Ftoeat bcarboa and Munon^ah^U Whiaieya, Havana SegaraOoBStsatly on hand and for aa'e by 8.o.WICKOFFAOO.,W belts CeQroeen.i.i Mjarray atreetTODEALERfiINLIQUORS.8YRUP8,CORDI4L8,AC- 7he subscriber having determined to raltoquhh the boat- nesa, offers for sale In quantliles to suit purchaaora, ma eattre s n c k o f L l . ! u o f a . C o r d i a l s , b j r u o a a u d F l t t a r e a . A a k a e p r e - mleaa are to t e vacated by the LSth of March, tbe stock will b e eold at very reduced prtnea ui any quantity. A l » the rectify- ing Tubs and standing Oasts wilt be sold at a great eaerlnea.B. U. LOWKKRE, 76 Duanestreet, Five doors eaat of tiroad way.clula B G Mailor, wife and infant; Mrs Haynes and infant. J lSwing,J8Bowman,E1.J.hnson, FrankDenver,ABis cacclanU, L A Mullen, H R UroaMe, J Woodsides. P U Biley, Khillborn.MrsWoodaldesMeMahon,NCFaesett,HFDana.IF MB. NB1LE, WHO GAME IN THE PRINCE ALBERTCORPORATIONNOTICE-THK COMMITTEE ON n- nance o f the Board o f A ldermee will meet at roam No. I City Hall, oa Tuesday. Feb. 28. at 3o'ckMk P. M All | having bushx-a*beforethecommittee,willbepresentalI above mentioned time aad place, without further notice.. John Audolf, W A Mlnot, F M Holman and family, K Shirleaf, ICHABLSSU CORNELL,;' G I _ B B R T M P L A T T , OBOBUE STABS,onemustbeaware,whoknovi thefeelingsofthe PAVASJUH—SteamahlpHuotevtile—MissEllonJohnson,LW Tori.. TheThomsonswarebrothers,aadlefttheTicinityof human heart, what must be the anguish, the Patten, Lewie Horton, J Fowler, J t> Meara, Mr Meara,M I-ondon, England, about the year 1802, and subeeuneatly, upCHunter,threechildrenandservant;MiaChaspLoWandi COBvert thai i- Caal Off Ckahios into ease. A. A T. andfromSl to U foTVeata The highest priee paidforUar-NoRrour.—Steamship Yorktown—B W Long, J F Long, Leon Simon,MrsH Hushes,John KOakley,OWTananoson,AI, Taylor, J W Cringan, Msis Lucy C Byer, Mies R B Plumer, Miss Hogan l)"r Fc'Adama"temptiblepeta, Furniture andJewelry Tb»alvertteera^a^awaesa» pay the above prions, a note by post punetaaliy aaaaasj s» by E., ISA Seventh avenue, between Maeteeath aad TwenUSShLadies attended to by Mrs E.bree months, if necessary—and trust in Providence; thsnherewillbeafreshdemandforgoads,andtherebyarethdemandtorhelpandlabor,andwiththesewillcjma havestated—sndIdonotwishtoadvert harshly to this SAYAttiuH—Steamship R R Cuyler—TP Denhamjoahoa eapeach StoriesoftheSea,Revolution,andBorderliaspre- fromS3to$12forCoats:frentfWh>*J?i^% _^*J£^£*"higher pay." IBs second remedy to, to interest the "jot- tersandshoemerchants"tothemetropolis(Baton)to pay a littte mora (they can afibrd it), fortheir goods, and thatcomesatthesame result Or,unite themboth,and0D m i f t a J|*j!*ti*?*.°£*••*r *Taylor, Aug T Williams, J Roaenneld, Mrs J RVweofieia; Iarido Grosamyer,ChasHeight,JLWhitoomb,MrsLTWbttoomb, HenryRViostto.ferred; but writers may choose subjects to suit themselves. A HouibernlocationtotheHtoriladeatraole.Forfurtbrpartlca- larsBddtess,withrealname,I*M.Grist,TorkvUle,«.C.MATRIMONIAL..toeonverttoneaah-From9*>£*»P» «T*—«?!% tor Vasts. Call, or send a note to BJ s M W l f _ a S i ^ k _ _ 2Mrs Thomson. Master Ibomeon. Mia* Thomson—andTOin the steerage. Total 84, Specie JloO.UXi.tUvASMua—Steamship tlabama—Mr Twshmsn.Mr Green GeoirMacheony,JohnaKing.Jr;MaryAKing,aflssVir- gin* BofTmaa, Miss X Y sn hensellaar, Mr ana Mr* Moses i tern*MassesJoaaasaaad Jaae stlem Manes Paulina aad Jane hem Master Mmon E Riem, A J Stamps, W a Tenn, F LMeKlroy,JTMeDunn.REDavis.JMKmoor OWMoore, GTstcAne,DrJMaumn.AndrBrown,sfiaaTMaitran,MmAnna Brown, Mrand Mrsf baa Mason, ehild and nurse; Joan r Hoeaid.LDeUiae.BadYaaQodaorea,MfsaLDesfaa,Itaa T Leruj H Long, Mrs V H Most, J Oroachel, Mrs A Arnold. Mrs« racaroc and Infant. Masters W and H Craaaton. MaeioraYOUNG GENILEMAN, WHO, TO-BEvery exacting aa regards charastarsnd.posBioaaffirmed,1F°2amw-plm«f-?LOST-A WHITE SETTEE DOG WITH OBA«UB ipOtl••MaibM)ksaSsMtsaVWrnsV*msaflTHtUk fssatMM"Of(Williams,foriomeofficialstatementastotheinnocenceof his client, a copy of the agent's official reportto the vsnt girl atNo. 93 Cranberry street. Her clothes caught children 13cents.pany should b e dissolved. So long a s the State docs n o t peculiar a n d singular circumstances o f t h e case 806 Broadway, New York.Orderaffirmed,withcosts. *The Farmers' and Cltizeos' Bank, Long Island, vs. Aus- von to A lo deliver. Put the letter to oae in Boyd's !>oi orlaARE OLD BRANDIES, RChoiceMadeiraandSherryWires,Ho.ia K050—Ship N B Palmer—Mr aad MrsCarpenter, Mr TO THREATENING PRINTED VALENTINES.-YOUA- A BETTER CHANCE BTILL FOR LtDIES AMD • glenUtleimnentoconverttheirCastOffClothingintoaad Mrs Mornton, Mr Whitney. Mr Lewis, Mr Goodhue, Mrs Whave most unjustly accused us We will take aa oath wahangingbythewall. paratively slightThedamagesustainedwascom-TnE LAST A NOLO-AFRICAN ELOPEMENT CASE.—The young female who figured inthis case deserted hersableloveronthesamedayofherarrivalinCanada,andcame back to this side on her way home again. The rea-son of the separation issaid tohave been a failure on thepart of the gay Ethiopian to iulnl his promise of marriageonarrivalonCanadiansoil. Heplayedthepartofade-ceiver, in imitation of some of his betters, end lost hisduldnea thereby. He followed her over o n the ferryboat,and, on landing, was set upon by a crowd of jolly dray-sen, who had learned his errand, and chased downthe fctftot at full speed. The last seen or him was TaesdavaadFrlda>a Ladle.' afternooa classsaalTtfcioak his coat tails streaming out behind aa be disap- ai8odtook soirees. Admission * eentasXPKvWlTb.es?men were friends of the negro. H e knew they were so iantes same eveninge, 8 till 11 o'clock. Call to-nightAP E R S O N A L .BTCTTHE TEARI860,OWEJOS.TOKETWABTBATA eimaagentforsomeNorthernaonae.Ifb*orhishetra pciniedaithapreviousmeeung.andtranaauotherbuataeaa.DE A R D C C - C O M E B A C K , F O R G O D ' S S A K E . A L L hbtll be forgiven. Address Thirty fifth street and Eighth avenue.M U N I C I P A LA F F A I R S .. fromGalwaysendshisaddresstoG.B.,Heraldoffice,be will oblige a fellow passenger.nevsrdid,anddefyyoutobringevenashadowofproof.Evenlnacaseofrevenge*wawouildbeabovesuchpaltrjandoon- PromfttofBOpaldfkvSilk:LD.r,esses.Cram$1totefbr _*tiguMuaGaiup,HDaaoabauasa.h Miioaseln,MM*MoAlper. A keL Tbehlcbeatcash priceeanbeobtateed ta MheBrewer, MraadMrsDMliamareat, Mrand«*a Was RTIFICIAL TEETH.-DR. DUBBIN CONTINUES TO noaeyforlarteorami'!lota.OrcaliiagattheStoreoraeta,or e»trading where artificial Teeth areiaaartad. NUBBIN,sritiMaajaaTefLonedoortroml^oreea.Dr. K.W<8,,ttColumbia,Georgia,andotheraofamallerdenomlaaiisna The finder wilt teeetie ths >bovs reward by teanag the aaaae at SI ChambeiasUtet, Sew York.InducingthestoryoftheNeedlewoman whosupported her-Will continue open until the 1st of June,BUSBB A5?D PRINZE IMPERIAL.__ te<ugbtinonecourseofieaaoaaDUMAB'S CHEAP DANCING ACADEMY, M BOWERT 1 reams $t per month, Bbodays and llWadwa; BfORB AT CHANCE FOB LADIES AND. OENTLEMEM A w www.fultonhistory.com 