 p e r - rder„ floydor ofthecon-Ad ©\rt Demo- to ro-i l x;. repar-trposeracterfcrali-*tern jailan-everyi£into iJ mat •trate* diaor- i fore*'uHUUl-ed andI-•>int ou »eet;ug ranou* ifm,ioorieiy, >du\cedl &pul>ii-were, >ai««*d, ton-nt* l^ Mr.ititude, , exactly fact be- .r >u*.tfc<3 ict>y ad-4 urgodJ Vet,and in- efraagefKepub-Uuiou-ly • of Mr.tnat.the Tin., yes- kate for nal Ooa-Jat large , ue. Tfte , fallagan»~Mr. WINSLOW (Dem., N. C:), who suggeetcd that,by common content, ail propositions be Withdrawn ex- mated without waiting for any overt jact. I do notTifla«y * Co. and Em ployecj••1 00 I 00. 1 005050 5 00n TreatyOongTeua tittj^tj a r e *cbiaery,kinds oft vessel* uid many ;m-*au£ao*:u'.iy eon- urp's im-9,1860. B«-.hasuu- WQyeeter d skiUfnl ingaifiU-•oaUibu*for Sherman first, last, and all the time T ... inflicting discriminations against Northern goods,Cries from the Republican side of " No," " No," amounting to an absolute prombitton."Never;" Tbe House parsed a joint resolution -declaring theill*ofof *»m-i t >attithin Read, Hazeltine, Willam Hart, Gifford, McEntee, Gig-sati- «*lf>wl-|eer-.|09ldre-w» r*er-to.Mr. STEVENSON (Pem., Kyi)—Then you become an indoTser of thellelperbook. /.vv':'.the.electjon'dl Mr. Sherman was a iu«t cause for the dis-solution of the Union, but be did think that t^e elec-of the plurality rule.Mr. COLFAX—Do I understand,that if the plurality[Great laughter.] much more weight in that than in any other part of .>uja}ly exeited greatinterest; the portraite of Solmes IiaMr. COX—Subject to the Constitution of the United the building;.where we set the fly frames a lot of cards and x «ongfellow,'by Buchanan Bead, were also among'-1NKXX-OJII.KANS, Thursday, Jan. 19. 1800.Tbe steamship Habana has arrived here with Hav< elected, reads.vividly on the page of the country's his-tory ! Look at a few of them:Alexander Dimitry, Minister to Central America.Freights were nominal. Exchange on London 15 China, who went as far us England, and returned.<.w^I:- rbroadcas; throughout the South, to every town and and legislate for tbe*weal of tho country, there were plantation, thus sowing the seeds (if they believe their a majority of membeVd olocted either as Republicanown argumeiife) of ci vi\ war. If this he the result, on nominees, or by the direct aid and votes of the Re- their heads be the responsibility. publican party. It is true there are a few gentle-• » — • — —]Later from Havana..meiits I did not propose to hold any person ac- streams tribUittg^i^he Columbia River on the west . Mr. COLFAX—You have a right to resist it by par- countable, but tho country will find jthat for the• •;*''''Mwjj|*"««*. •>,.-,«VMrv»V*m-*B**'r ••• rrr nNITIMIITmiig jt&jb*FIRST SESSION. ^«wW a•1mirooms, were well filled with pictures and bas-reUefc,< Mr. BA Y AKD sustained his resolution.they conIt. initiate measures, and thee stop short ofiirml action. .Further drsensaion ensued, in •«*hich Messrs. FOS-TER (Ren., Conn.;, HUNTER (Pem, Ya.), FESSEN- PEN, COLLAMER (Rep., Yt.), and othe.-s par- ticipated. 'On motion of Mr. TOOMBS (Pem., Ga.), the Seuate agrted that when it adjourned h should staud ad-jonrLed ti'l Monday.Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) moved to amend Mr.Bayard's reuolntion by declaiiiig tha. until the llouoe org'anizes the Senare has a constitutional right to trans- aci legiblative busineea.by speeches, upon thebut by variousMr..MASON otfered a etubstitn*e thtt until byacom- the rIf that side is so well satificd of that, why not submit it to a vote of this House ? ' W e have ottered repeat- edly to submit every question to a vote.E. Pc.vesii-dt k. CoCtry ii CoSolomon L Hart.1. C May *r -it SonEastmaD-Pigelow & Day- 25 00 Cash....nent .literati, is as fervent on the subject of American appeared in THETRIIJUNE, entitled," How Old Browntook Harper's Ferry," was passed from one to an- other on its arrival, and excited much i*emark. Hiram Powers, the eculptor, is> enthusiastic on the theme of the " hero-victim," as he terms John Brown, and so expreee.es bimself to everybody.—At tbe latest dates, Mrs. Browning -wa? about going to Rome, in order to avoid the bleak Winter winds of the Apennines, her health being such as to necessitate the utmost care.•munication received from the House tbe Senu .e i& in- lormf-d of its organization, the Senate is not competent to proceed to legislative business.Mr. TRUMBULL sa-dthat was satisfactory to him, and withdiew his amendment-Mr. HALE moved to strike out the words " commn- •'nication from the House," so that the resolution •would read "that until informed of the organizationof the Honjee the Senate is not competent to do busi-4- n«S«.After a great many suggestions the whole snbjcctwas laid on tbe table. „''!,.-.„Mr. BINGHAM now moved to refer his bill to theCommiuee on Private Land Claims-Mr. MASON raided a point of order tbat it was notcompetent to make a refeience until the House organ- . ized.Mr.-CRITTENPEN (Am., Ky.) contended that it • was not a competent point for tbe ('hair to deciie.The CHAIR submitted t^e question to the decision of the Senate, and the point of order was overruled:Teaa, 15: Nays, 7. . v Those voting in the negative were Messrs. Clay. Hale, Hamlin, Johnson (Tenn.), Mallory, Mason) andYulee.The bill was then referred.On moti-.-a of Mr. FITCH, fv'idO extra copies of theTreasury Renoit weie ordei^d to be printed.Mx. W A P E (Hep., Ohio) presented a petition that10 00 Canli.... Cash.....5 00 Slavery as her own. E. C. Stedman's ballad, whichThe Wotkingtun Constitution, and The Penusylca- nian and Argus; and whether any contract has been mad* at any time by Mr. Bowman wi>b the former printer of the Senate and Executive Department, by which he was to receive $20,000; and also whether any Cabinet officer or member of the Government was pr»vy to the arrangement; and what reduction can be made in tbe price of the public printing.The re&olnticn "was laid over. Adjonmcd till Monday.•who intend to resist the adoption of the plurality rule Mr. KEITT '.Dem., S. C.)—I wish to!refer only to a by all constitutional and parliamentary expedients. matter of fact. The mei-it of this controversy is whetherZ'Hethcught" N o "Mr. COLFAX—As the gentleman s so frank. I Mr. HINDMAN (Ad. Pem., Ark.) said the people would ask whether, if even a majority of the Housewould single, out those who are responsible for nou- cr two third*, desire to have a vote for or against the ergunizaliuu. He wa# ready for the trial. The Pem- plurality rule, they would resist, to prevent such vote•oeratic party bad nothing to dread. The Republicans being t«ien ?HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.WASHINGTON.were responsible for this .<ate of things- If they bad put in nomination one who had not recommended the circulation of a book counseling rapine, insurrection, and bloodshed, there would have been no prolongedopposition to his election. The Republicans were a sectional party, which had its support only in the Northern States, and spruDg^ out of featcrintf prejudices and malignity, by which it is kept alive. He proceed- ed to show, by recent occurrences?, the degree of blind- ness and fanaticism which move Northern men to look abroad in quest of imaginary evils, while terrible wrongs lie as their own doors, and referred to the pro- ceedings of the spinners of the Pemberton Mills, in which tlicy complain of tyranny and slavery worse than that of the African, and of obscenity on tho pa-t of the overseers of the corporation toward the female operatives- He stated, in repl^ to Mr. Gooch, tha', these proceedings were published in The N. Y. Herald, of Februarv last.Mr. GOOCH, fRep., Mass.), said as the letter pre- facing the resolutions was dattd, FarmtngtOQ, .New- Hampshirej, it mnst have been written by some dis- miteed operative, who had returned to Ne v-Hampshire and thence wrote to The Ha aid.Genrightsofhisconstituentsuponthis floor. , atworkinthatneigborhoodwitharofitablereturns. PrintertotheSenatelastevening,byamajorityof my'sbatteriesofSt.Sebastian—complimentedtheoflL•WC^XSwIowa).REAGAN,andBRANCl^(pera:.N.C).on thouldnotbecarriedtotbeRepublicanpartyvbuttho Ute point of order, respecting the Pi.^^^J.resolution, gentleman could not have become acquainted with the tbe two lost, ftrjjoing that it w&t* not beYMrtT the Hous**. agreement if it had been a private one.Mr. LEAKE (Pem.. Viu) caused an >^icle to be Mr. COLFAX asked Mr. Lamar, who had; risen, read from The N. Y. Courier and Enquire?in refer- bow many Democrats had signed it, and wljcther anyMr.COLFAX^-Thoaufchorof "The Buckeye Abroad" (Cox) is not the man to arraign me for any- thing I have done, unlets he will inform us who upon this side he is willing to vote for.morning. % - ,' ':foundation >fthePembertonMills,tes.^ott>°ta«firmness of'be work. ;\,\ . ., Edward P . Whitney, who was employe Vln t b e fourth story moving the fly frames at the ti ue theshowedtogreatadvantagebygas-light. Therewere, in the exhibition rooms, besides, pictures by all of the Studto artists, Suydam, Moore, BiVrstadt, Habbard^'Mr. POTTLE (Rep., N. Y.) caused to be read n par acraph showing that there wn* a Convention of Garri son Aboliti.mitts recently at Utica, at which there was a moderate attendance, and at which a resolution was passed saying in substance tbat The N. Y. Herald was aone of the number who, after consuleratidn, .had ar-rived at the beiief that the plurality nile is unconatita-tional. So long as the resolution proposing it shall beine;.s.ted mon out of order/he would resist it by al support" Mr. Sherman because he receives the largest Charles II. Bigdow, recalled—% the jar of a heavy esting things he displuyed was the cartoon of his Bat-.safe medium for communicating abolition Utterances to individually concerned, after exhausting all legitimateRepresentatives in the American Congress, and, in licold ihinl & there was a possibility of the weight and Hays, Suydam, Hubbard, and Gilford bad their etndioutbe South, and returning thanks to Mr. Bennett. Mr debate, he'would consent that there should be a votecompliance with that Constitution) those Representar mothnvTrausing a third crack, which would remainlives sit here to-day. Now, it is a fact that every ome mint tes; I must have approved of the plan of brilliantly lighted up, and io each room were knots ofPottle advised the Abolitionists of New-York to ex en the resolution. The pajper was presented to him,tend their patronage to The Herald, for they were under obligations to it for advertising their principles bejond tbe limits of that State. He regretted tha these proceedings should have been spread broadcas. throughout the country.but he respectfully declined signing it. He was an- swerable *o lis constituents alone.Mr. PENDLETON (Dem., Ohio! concurred in the opinion of Mr. Vallaudigham, believirg it was the opinion of the North-Western Democracy.gentleman who sits hero is elected, not bv the he columns and pintles; believed that the columns admiring amateurs and ladies, examining withMr. LEAKE in reply said t^e South were not afraidof Northern influence. He wanted his constituents tocomprehend tbe principles which govern the Republi- consent to vote on the plurality rule. .ms.jorily, but /by the plurality rule. Only Rhode being ordiiariiy well cast, would sustain the weightequired; the "weight of the floor upon each column Island requires a majority vote, and there on a second was but t nee or four tuns; don't think more weightvote a plurality is suificienfc io elect. Now, when was put tpon the columns than they should hivegentlemen como hcxe aud draw their salaries from home; don't think that the moving of machinery iu riic Treasury ©f the United States, by virtue of an the mill would have a tendency to strain tha columnanxious intensity the pictures upon the easels of tbe artists, some of which were half finished, while others bad received tbe last touches of the pen- cil. Suydam's elegant room, beside his own beautiful seatiie sketches, contains two or three of the beat pictures of Edouard Frere; on his easel was a newly- finished and very excellent picture p( Manchester Beach. Hunt's/ studio, which is occupied by bis pu- pOe^—his principal office being down town, in the build- ing of the American Exchange Bank—*ras the only room which u ade a display of architectural drawings andmodel8. In Biersiadt'e room were a'good many eTidenceo of his Indian and prairie studies, in the shapecans.' He waited them to comprthend the " irrepres- sible contlic?." doctrine of Mr. Soword. That was all. Mr. CURTIS resumed the question of order that the demand for tho pievious question was not dehateable. Mr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.) and others coutendedthat the plurality mle w»s not before the House.Mr. COLFAX iRcp., Ind.)—1 do hot not mteud toMr. COLFAX—Will yon allow fhe Clerk to pat the question Yes or No ? • jMr. CLARK—I will resist it by every expedient known to the laws of the laud. I mean \vhat 1 say.Mr. STEVENSON (Pem., Ky.) inquired whether Mr. Seward did not recommend the Helper book, and whether Mr. Seward was the gentlemen's candidatemore thanlthe putting iu of new machinery.Samuel Gould, millwright, B. F. Chadbourne, brick- layer, Ste ^hen Dock ham, Henry Siudley, BenjaminHodsman, and Stephen Wallace, testified during the forenoon cession ot the inquest, when the testimony was maii>l y as to the construction of the buildiusr, the strength o the iron pillars, and other matters, which have previously been testified to quite fully.discuss the refinements and technicalities of Parlia- Jor the Presidency ?•'.,.,,mentary law, but I desire to discuss the subject as thecountry is looking at it to-day. The first question thatmet us a t the threshold of this Congress was the organ-ization of the House. I desire to speak ol* the mannerin which Parliamentary law shonid he administered,not only by the Clerk "who presides, but by the mem-bers. X contend first, that, instead of occupying theHouse with elaborate debates, it is our. first, oiir para-mount duty, to promote, as far as possible, the organ- Mr. COLFAX, alluding to the former pa#<>f theLETTER FROM THE MAYOR OF LAWRENCE.CJTY OF LAWRWCK, MAYOR'S OFFICE, Jan. 17,18S0.«ization of this embryo body of which we are members;and-secovd,"that the manner in which the will of thisdebate, said that Mr. La'mar labored under a mistake as to the language he (Colfax) used, :'Wo take'the gTOund that there is notning legitimately in order tillHouse shall be ascertained, the way iu whichthe collective voice of these Representatives of tbe election of a Speaker; aud when he is installed, Ithe notAmerican people shouldbe ascertained, voting " Aye"am ready to give my views: on .the Helper book. Dpcept the resolution of Mr. Clark (Mo.) and Mr. Gil- mer's amendment.rise here to hold these gentlemen responsible, nor touse offensive language in relation to ihese senftments;Ntic-Ycrk,120 00 JQU. 19, I860.is or " propositions *' beforeto the present time I hav« not read a solitary page of •p..'' I am in the habit of acknowledging!my rejponsi- us. The gentleman on the other side speaks of hilityfor my ownacts, andnot for the gentlemen ontleman on the other side of the House, after denounc- ing tbe treason of John Brown, go on to state that if the people of the United States see fit to electa Presi- dent ihey do not like they wDl resist his inauguration by force, and prevent that election from being consum-the responsibility of this side, and makes an elaborateargument on the constitutionality of the plurality rule.W e have had disquisitions on parliamentary rule. The the oily question in order is the election of Speaker. gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bocock) don't under- I ask you whether, in the commencement of the stand that the precious question is before the House. XXXlVth Congress, you did not vote for resolutions How are we io ascertain whether it is or not, except having direct reference to the qualifications for by gnbnAtring it to the House 'f He says the objection Spenker? ' .to the Heipcr-book resolution is not well taken. How Mr. COLFAX—That has nothing to do .with my shall we ascertain that, except by submitting it to the argument. It was then done by common'consent. Let collective judgment of. the House ''. He says, that the that pass. I am in the habit of acknowledging my plurality rrne'is opposed by a majority of members, responsibility, not to gentlemen upon the other side of because a majority have voted agauiet Mr. .Sherman. the House, but to my constituents. I have heard gen-N. Y. Lodge. Ko. 330, F.Mr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) spoke for himself. they are accountable to their constituents aloue. IBe had no authority to speak for any one else. But, am, therefore, accountable to my constituents, and Under all the circumstances, he was opposed to the plu- not to the gentleman from Mississippi. I am notrality rule, ai.d would oppose a vote on it if no resolu- afraid to meet.that constituency before the tribunal tions were on the Clerk's table. He believed he ex- •where I have so often met'them !• and if theyM r . Memiiijsier'sRICHMOND, Wednesday, Jan. 18,1860.pressed tbe .-entimenta of his aide when he said they would continue to resist it.Mr. COLFAX asked whether there was not a writ- ten agreement among gentlemen on the other side that they will not allow the plurality rule to bo votod on.VOICES—"How many,signed it'."Mr. BARKSDALE repeated that he spoke for him- self, and to the last intended to resist the adoption of the plurality rule, believing it would result in the elec- tion oi Mr. Sherman.and Westminster, all of whom entertained gloomy an- ticipations of the yield of gold the comiug season.—Tbe Hon. J. E. Bouligny, M. C. from Louisiana,• '^*>W**«*l>^k**>:*yV'VJ^&£&1of hi* colleague (Mr. H u ^ * * ) ye?terdiy. Itepnhljcan teachings, which wore infamous; trnd trea- Cauee.be indorsed the Helper book. You signed it0 1 80 THE CORONER'S IBQUEsX ®*"TM ')* *LA^KKNCS, Mass., Tnurm>y»-J«fc 1»,'1860. The inquest on the late disaster w a s resumed thisxMr. REAGAN (Pem. T e . ^ moved a call of the sonable. . r . . . . with hJm. You (Colfax) signed it first of fill the mem-House, which was Tefm-ed— 9§ agatnpt HI. A con- Mr. COLFAX asked whether the signatures were bers. You.and your consigners are in the same cate-the principal Woii among them; the ehef^avrt'vxrarliamentaiy machinery, hut when offered in orderhnd consistently .with the rules, then so far as he wasnumber of votes that can be polled. I wish to say, inconclusion, that the Constitution of the United States pressure, tjLe nature of iron is changed—the crystai- tie of Princeton, the portraits of his children^ and theauthorizes the varims States of tais Union to elect ine nature being changed, and tbe cohesion destroyed; Venetmn Camivnl scene, which he has just finished.Mr. CLARK (Dem., Mo.) declared he" never wouldliamentary means. .But do you say there is a written first time in the American Congress members have and north. -,'V <•?••.<From Kansas.magreement by which you will mot allow.it to be voted on ? *not r.een willing: to confide themselves to the orderly legitimate manner of conducting proceed- ing?, to sitting in their seats and dobating a prop- any other gentleman but myself. I regard such a rule osition, and then voting upon it, but in the extremityMr. BARKSPALE—I have no right to speak ib. LEA VENWORTH, Wednesday,, Jan. 1.8,18C0. as "unconstitutional. of their opposition they have seen fit to draw up a - Tho Territorial Legislature adjourned »ine die to..;,-V;:,l.;->*+-.*« ^iJTtt^'Jiitf3M% Mmmjm^rNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, F f t l B ^ JAJWJARY 20, i860.XXXVITH CONGEE8S. the question of o'dtr r^?e^ CI^*no Plurality resolution Southern eoilhas already been drenched.in Wood by wants filled. Yon have stood by .Mr. 'Sherman be-] The lawrence Catastrophe. The main exhibition * < ^ V ^SENATE WASHINGTON,Jan. 19, 1860.4 Mr. DOUGLAS (Dem.. Ill > cabled up hi* resolutions instructingtheJudiciaryCommittee«6bringiuabill tbr the better suppression of invn«*i<m, etc., and it w«»mace tbe special order lor Monday at half-past oneo'clock* p. m. .% Mr. TEN KYCK (Rep., X.J.) preeonted the petitionof Oba»lt» S. Olden, Qoyernui; of X e w ^ T s e y , and One bnt»dred j»tid nineteen otheis, in fuvor of the pa»- "W1J.Cof «l»t?Homesleud bill.& Several lallR and memorials of no general interest "were picenti-d.Mr. nAtfys (Pem., Yjt.) eal'ed attention to tho fact tbat on },xe\ioT«s occaMons, when the organization of tbe Hou?« VTH* delayed, tbe Senme did no busiuess<bnt rectivo creden'ikJs», refer bills, memorm's, reso-lution*, & c Xo legieUtivn was accomplished, bur lowed by the election of Mr. Seward to the Presidency, by the Clerk, and even if you are aware of the fact, Mr. COLFAX—The Constitution requires UHto sit much gTeatsr weight to the square foot than the Donly iiitiHtory steps taken. He read the opinions of it would he a robust belli. He was.a union man uuder that.there is an overwhelming vote to end this im- here and.vote. Cirds;- madle a remark at tho dinner table that Jackson .V* y Launt Thompeon, especially oUe ofMr.COX—AndtheHouseshalldoinaconstitutional daythatIdid'ntseewhathellthemillup; Night,byt>eIrstartist,weregreatlyadoured. Bat way. I do notintcrfere with the family affair* of the nothing but the great weight'caused me to say so; the Exhibition rooms were not the most attractive Republican party, .when I ask him about the coalition have alway * notiotd that the shafciog ran particularlyof bis party. Yesterday my colleague (Mr. Hutchius) true; I sh<uld have been called upon to level up the points; all the tHud'os of the artists were put in order, lectured the Democracy for non-organizatioo, aud tr>ed machinery; never was called to do so, except ou one brilliantly illuminated, and open to the crowd. Church to place the onus and odium of not organizing upon us. occasion to level up some mules; never noticed any cloeed his door, except to his special friends; I now declare that it is possible for the Republicans to indication of -weakness in the mill; I have never, seen but Gignonx, w.'Ho has the adjoining apart- elect a man in their own party whom I have namei. a mill where the jar was not greater thui in th«s; onIt is not denied but that some cno who is more cou- moving tho se machii.es, there was uo remark express- ment, had hie pictures handsomely arrang- ervative than Mr. Sherman, aud who is not in the ing fear that the mill would fall while we were mov- ed, and it being one of the most commodiousve*»at«on erivued betwuenprivate, or intended for the public eye. " gory with.him. You'dare', hot deecrt him vrithout de- Mv ^rs. CURTIS (Rep, , Mr. McQUEEN replied that the object Uvas they serting youTselvos, . - - . -fact, being the great battle piece by Leutze, represent- Isaac Fletcher, who superintended th.>JS?"»-of **« ing the battle of Princeton; it was well hung andelection under the plurality rule, 1 say it is a far- fejehed argument for tliem fo insist that that Consti- tution, which limits our p o v e r in the election of a Speaker in the same way, wiil not perjBit us to elect"by the plurality rule. Nay, more, Mr. Cobi) of Geor- gia and Mr. Bunks of Massachusetts have both been elected Speakers under the plurality rule, and, al- though questions have arisen iu1 regard to the constitu- tionality'of laws passed under their administration, and signed o>them, yet no man, no-lawyer, has ever at- tempted before a*Csurt of Justice to insist that those laws were invalid because the Speaker was elected by a plurality. W e have therefore the precedents of two elections of Speaker, one bv each.of the great parties, and the analogous fact of tbe election.oi Representa- tives by a plurality, which has been provid-d for in order that the peWde in none of the Districts ra%ht he unrepresented. The law £aid to tbe people, " You " may scatter your votes if j ou please, but the man who " receives the highest number sha'l be elected." It is a wiBe provision, and we should do well to copy that example to put an end to the present dead lock.Adjourned.•TTfae Overland Mail.ST,, Locis; Wednesday, Jan. 18,1860. Tlie overland moil reached here to-night, and fur- nishes the following items from British Columbia and Oregon in addition to those telegraphed from Malloy'sStation yesterday.The House of Assernbly of Van Couver's Island dis-solved on the 15th of December, preparatory to the meeting of a new House elected uuder the Representa- tion act of 1853.Four British met -of-war were shortly expected at Victoria, to rcenforce Admiral Baines's fleet, viz: Tbe Clio, 22.guns; Hero, 19 guns; Topaz, 50 guns, and Cossack, 20 guns.Miners who have axrived,at Victoria, from the Upper * Eraser, report richer gold discoveries the previous month than during any former period, many having made $2,OU0 in three weeks.. •"Coarse gold has been found in many places, and some claims paid richly without the aid Of quicksilver. Many miuers would Winter at Douglas, Yule, Hope,see fit to accept my explanation, if I cnose to makesny, it should certainly satisfy the gentlemen who haveno'responsibiliiy for my coming here, and no power toprevent my coming. I give them the aame right whichI demand, and if either Mr. Shorman or myself see fitto rise and give any explanation here, it will be notupon compulsion or demand, but voluntarily, becausewe see fit to. do so. Now I come back ty the pent regard to the richness of mines in that region. No onefrom which I started. In regard to these develop- doubted the existence of rich gold deposits on all theMr. COLFAX was understood to *say he did know whether it wenld be Mr. Seward, or anv body else.Mr. STEVENSON, asked whether, if the Republi- cans sould nominate an indorserof the Helper book, he would not, receive the support of that party.GKNTLIIMEN: Your letter of the 14th inrftaot, with of buffalo ekins and other articlesof border life.Mr. COLFAX—Unquestionably he will.check for $ Ji'8, contritmtfcd by tlie occupants of W'ashtngto» Market,for ;h« reli«foftbe nuHerers by our terribly calamity, is rermved. Tho generous sympathy mauifo»ted in oar beholf iB a suHtainipg hand ia our trouble.Tho beuuiy und loveliuosH of .charity I never fully appreciated until tho present time. For this your charity permit me to thoiik you, ind through you to tender my thanks t<> each and all donors of your remittance. And 1 offer you my thanks, which aie no conn boa emotions of the heart,, but deep aud sincere.With <jreit grftitudo, I am your friend and servant.To Coits>Nti.SHIKLDH. D. SAUNDERS, jr.All) TO LAWRENCE.Mr. John II. Watson, No. 106 Broadway, acknowl- edges the receipt of the following donations this day, for thefrehe of th<'sufferers at Lowrerce, Mass:Boyt,Sprs;cuefcCo....$100 00 Charles Pfizer <t Co $25 00Andiews, Bro. 5c Shal-ther 25 00 ,E. C. Morse. .10 00The " reception" wfcs one of the most brilliant and eucceeefnl that have been given, and the Studio Artiste may congratulate themselves on the show they made, as well as on the distinguished company that graced i'-eir apartments. The Committee, Messrs. Suydam, Hays, and Gilford, deserve credit for the admirable Planner in which all the arrangements for the reception were carried out.PERSONAL.—Mr. Henry C. Vail lectures on "Gardens and Gar- dening," in Sing Sing, this evening, Jan. 20.—Strong sympathy is manifested in the American and English circles of Florence for the fate of John Brown, and for the cause in which he died. Mrs. H. B. Stowe is at present sojourning there, and tho feel- ing of the Trollopes, the Brownings, and other promi-the other side.Mi. BARKSPALE—I understood you to say thatT:ALBANY , Thursday, Jan. 19, 1860. The several, banks in Albany have issued a circular man's questions fairly. Does he refuse to answer, my order to mevtnt a majority of the House from express- will immediately convene it by special proclamation. proposi lg to form an association for the detection andMr. COLFAX—I have always answered the gentle- written agreement, and procure signatures to it, in day, the general understanding beiug that the GovernorjKMiitiDg a Select Committee to investigate whether question'.' / ing its will upon a 'matter of vital concern to tins The difficulty arising from the adjournment to Law- VuniBhr: icnfc of counterfeiters. It is proposed that e ich aristocrat," and ac " dressing in the most costly man-the 8Cldiers of 18i2 be put apon the pension roll.Mr. KING (Rep., N. '£.) offered a resolution ap-'scribed as *' of perfect mould; as straight as a codfishtiL. ^41,Wt), or any other sum, has been paid out of the Mr. BARKSP ALE—I have repeated three time Ilt/nfte-public printing-appropriation on the priutiog of tha tbat 1 have no authority to speak for any other gentle Mr. NOELL (Pem., Mo.)—I merely wish to say I jExecutive departments to the newspapers, especially man, but I believe there are a number of gentlemen did not sign it, „-•rence is therefore considered settled.diaries O'Conor Nominated the Presidency,bank jo ning shall pay ten dollars subscription to form ner." Such is fame I *a fund :br offering rewards for the detection of offend-ers, &c, If more funds are required, an assessment is —It is rumored that Capt. Henry do la Riviere, to be made, not exceeding five dollars on each one " the gallant Zouave," ia in. reduced circumstances in.for hundred thousand dollars of capital of the banks. Al- this city, and that Phelan, the bilUard man, at the .Mr BURb'ETT. (Pem ,Ky.)—I for one am opposed or not we are justified in resorting to Parliamentary to the plurality.rule, belie ring it unconstitutional, and means to prevent a direct vote upon the plurality reso- violative of tbe rights of the majority, placing the elec- lution. 1 wish to say that upon one occasion, when a tion in tbe hands of a minor«ty. There is a writtenagreement by gentlemen on the Pemocratic side, whopledge themselves to resist, by all pariLairentarymeans, the adoption of the plural'ty rule. I am one ofthose who, by every parliamentary strategy, willstrive to defeat it.CHARLESTON, S. C, Thursday, Jan. 10,1860. The Augusta (Ga.) Corrreepondont recommendsCharles O'Conor of New-York, for the Presidency.bany is to be the central point of the Association. The earnest solicitation of Lola Montcz, has given him aMr. BURNETT—The gentlemen who pledged them- selves intend to stand by their agreement, let the num- ber be what it may..Mr. COLFAX—The question is whether you will . prevent a vote.Mr. BURNETT—I epeak for myself. I am ready and willing to cooperate with.any number, to• use all parliamentary means and strategy against the plurality rule, if necessary, till oar commissions expire.Mr. COLFAX—Do you intend to resort to the means known to Parliamentary practice to provont tho Clerk from pioponnding'the question?Mr. BURNETT—I hold that the resolution of Mr. Hut chics is not properly before the Houio, and I am ready to defeat its ademption by resorting to all tactics known to Parliamentary law, by dilatory motions, such as to adjourn, ana codes of the House, and by consuming time in debate. 1 will do this to defeat the minority, and prevent them from placing in that chair a man who indorses the doe'rincs of the Helper hook, and who has not eitlior aHiimod or disavowed them. 1 repeat, to prevent such a disgrace on my section andconstituents; I will resoit to all Parliamentary and legit niate means, to help me, God, so long as I have a seat on this floor. (Applause on the Pemocratic side.}30.Advices from Mountain City report the miners still1860. George Washington Bowman was electedMr.'HINPMAN said the proceedings took placeTmFebruaiv la*t, and the letter bearB dat*i of January lr>, want the country to understand the facts. The Re- knowing as you do thnt there are some members thatand have stock sufficient for a double daily line as soon tative Bishop, and 1 he Commi?sionershTp of tho Land by his partner, Williams, in a fit of jealousy, is slowly as it is demanded by travel.and isfi«un a foimer employee of the Corporation, Hi- ram B. Gould. . ,Mr. GOOCH replied this was precisoly as he thought. The letter was dated Farming ton, New- Ham p*hire, from a man who was dismissed from the employ of the corporation, and whose testimony, un- der the..c"»reurostanc€s, wa.i not entitled to crodibilit.7 anywpere. His opinion was ilia*, these spinners made frvm ^ne dollar nfty to two dollars per day, workingMr. COLFAX—In regard to tbe Helper book, 1publicans have f>een accused, for fix or seven weeks have not voted thus far with either of the groat par-A desperate affray occurred on the Sunday preced- Oilico to Mr. Ex-Representative Smith. He hasing ihe departure of the mail, between two bands of offered a lucrative- Federal office to Mr. Amasa J. desperaroes headed respectively by Lot Huntington Parker, defeated for the oilice of Governor of Nsw- and Bill Hickman, in which Hickman was mortallyand Huntington slightly wounded, and several others York "recovering. His li'o is cue, probably, to the faithful- ness df his dog, which, when Williams attacked hia , master, sprang upon him with a ferocity which finally compeihd Williams to make a hasty exit. Had it nothi en for the do'g, Williams would most undoubtedly-* have killed him, as ho was'intensely enraged at tho time, and expressed 'great regret afterward, when in- formed that the wounded man would recover.was an outrage and »n insult, to the South to insist on Q>Mr-BURNETT—The agreement is merely as fol-. A fire this morning destroyed the bara, warehouses, Mr. COX—Cannot the "gentleman, elect my di3tm- and stock of Airs and pells of S. Thorinau. Lossgnisbed colleague, Mr. Corwin, who sits in front of $15,000;.insured $3,000. \ately so christened, was last night the scene of a bril- Frye, with whom we havo spoken, are astouuded, and can hardly believe the report. On,Tuesday, aft«jjrthoMr. bh*rm*n lor Speaker. If tbe Republicans are to lows: We are received by all parliamentary tactica be deftated, it must be by a Democrat. The Domo-' and stratagems, and by all means known to the Con-him, or Mr. Pennington, or Edward Joy Morris7 Does he not know that if the votes of all the ICopubl'- euns be cast, for one of those men who has not indorsed this distu&tetul »nd hatJ'ul Helper book, that there wouldbeitresultintheelectionofaSpeakerbyama-.—.*.Death of Charles A. Mann.liant ueeemb'age of tho fashion, beautyr aud intellectof Now-York. It was the first of the artists' recep-tions for the season, and though there were no less thanfivegreatpartieslastnight,suchistheoverflowingwealth of the social resources of this metropolis, that,acts came out, Mr. Fryo's W*oroe«^er County coll*.*a^ue» had a long conference with him in an anto-rootu.of the Senate Chamber, and he agreed to resign '4* seat yetterduy. It is a sad case, and more sad, b<j*au»e so whollyunexpected,andsocontrarytoth^*general estimate of Mr. Frye's character. It is alw.ay« painfolcrate #>bonld regatbfer tbelr scattered forces, meet 111 stitution and laws, to resist the adoption of the plu-t rality rule, so long as it is necessary to prevent the number, placing in hia haijds tbe standard of the Con- election of John Sherman, or any Indorser of thoCongre«», and nominate a candidate, from tneir own n*kutionandtheUnion,rallyingunderthatllag,aud Helperbook. _ '• • •UTICA, Thursday, Jan, 19, i860. TheHon.ChurleuA.Mann,PresidentoftheOueidn jority. If V0U cannot do this, you confess you aro-itf a Bank, dipd suddenly in this city to-dav, of apoplexy.gforinjr hereafter one united ana unchanged- vote for , Mr. MCQUEEN (Vem., S. C-) auid a large number him to the end of the contest- whether it end to-mor- of gentlemen had signed the. agreement—gentlemenw«r,orontbe4thofMarch,18iU.WehavebUibus- whoweretruetothecountry,andwhowouldB'iektoto a stranger, it would have seemed that the c>-e»te de toloee faith in the integrity of a respeoied fellow-tered loiur etvough without profit,&KLr. BINGHAM (Rep., O&Io) called for a vote uponsave the South from the degradation and disgrace of electing any man who indorsed the Helper book.qnenccs. It is not John Sherman, or .1ohn any-body- York, Albany, and Buflido Telegraph. Company. Hisnant as to find sp^ecial^aiisfaction in the wu and down-past, of having indorsed a book counseling servile andties. Let. me etato this fact to show why we stand.civil war; yet Democrats have themselves embodied here as we do. It 1B-because when the people assem-resolution was pending to expel from this House John Quincy Adams of Massachusetts, and the resolution •would have passed, he took the floor, and held it, and spote for six or seven day s, declaring Ithat ho would yi?Id for a motion to lay the resolution on the table, but would never yield inr a vote on 'that resolution, and that a vote never should be had upon it if he died speaking against it. [Applause:] And he did prevent it. 'Mr. COLFAX—I thank the gentleman for remind- ing me of this incident in the history Of the old man eloquent. Sir, he was vindicating the constitutionalsituation as marker at one of his up-town saloons, Galena and Chicago Railroad. with a new suit of clothes and $40 a month.Mr. KEITT—And so are we maintaining the consti- tutional rights of our constituents. [Applause.]Elections hid been held in the mountains, in which the question of organizing new counties under the Provisional Government was voted down by a decided majority. The general expression is hi favor of a sep- arate political organization by Congress, and against connection with Kansas.The distanee from Leavenworth to San'-a Fe* via Denver City is not greater than from Independence, tbe present starting point, and the former route has a line of settlements along the whole extent of the route and would sot require to be patrolled by troops to ren- der it secure.two votes, and by the absence of some eight or nine cer by saying that his was the firet regiment in theMr. COLFAX—But we are not proposing to expelthe gentleman JLroin South Carolina. If we were, hemieht be justified in taking that course. Tho_ posi-tion of this House is simply this: we are willing,as we have been, to vote without debate upon theproposition now pending, or which) may be pead-mg by bcinx presented hereafter by a direct tween the two countries. vote, "Yea" or "Nay," so that the majorityof the Representatives here shall say what shall bethe action of this body. W e are ready to vote uponthe points of. order raised by the gentleman from Penn-sylvania, that the previous question is not before theHouse, and if the House decide that it is not, wo willsubmit, as it is our habit in the North to submit toSenato: a, who, if they had been present, would have such an election go by default.Mr. ', ?resident Buchanan stands up to his Lecomptonfriendf, who have been cast overboard by the peopleecuted it will probably be the first in the other world."—An Ohio editor gives his views of the several dances which he lately witnessed at a ball in Washing-the will of the majority. W e shall not adopt the ex- ample of gentlemen who say that they will submit if they lielieve that the will of the majority is right, and if not, they will disrupt every tie-that binds them to the Union. After that, we are willing to vote whether the plurali'y rule is or is not constitutional, and then whether or not it shall be adopted, and when it is. adopted, if it shall be, to hazard tho result,An immigration ie expected 'during the coming Spring superior to that of hibt year, and emigrants.are cau- tioned against taking the road unprovided with sub- sistence.corrup -Executive buys votes: he holds out the promise ti tit if they will i-.ustain him iu his odious course, and should be thrown overboard, he will take care of them. In this way he has taken care of a good runny of his defeated supporters, and offered to take care of otners. He ha8given a foreign mission to Glaucy Jones, to Georgi W . Jones, to Charles James Falkner, a Col- lcct.ors.hip to Mr. Ex-Representative Hatch, a Judge-'• The want of variety iu this metropolitan dauclnj; was, how- over, fullyruade'up by tbe fancy things, su;U aa Uw tv-altz and polka. 1 hfcfe were absolutely, barbarous. TUe old-fa*UioQ?>d v.-altz, the morality of* which even Bvron called in question, i» hero ignored as altogether too cold andTdistaut. Th© lady lay* her head oi* the 3<9nthmroi'8 bosom, puis one hand ou hl«, aud the other in his coat-tail pocket, and resigns herself to hi» em- brooes, und pot* 10 slc^p, all but her foot, wtich, when not carried by l.nu clear on" tho floor, go patting around on tbe toen- '1 he geutlttOKitt thuH entwined, throws his head back and bi* ey<*8 up, liho a d\ tug calf; bis bodj beut iu Uie shape of a figure, 4, be whirl.", back's up, 8-vvings around, swoons, to all appear- ances, dushea lorward, aud leaves the ring, to the delight of all decent people."—Kaufholte, who was shot in Chicago last ^yeek,extracts from it in their speeches, and sent them bled in their districts and elected'men to come here received trifling injuries.His list of extraordinary appointments of oxtraor- cinary individuale, who have toadied to him and ftat- terud Ihia unbounded vanity and ambition to be re-Mr. BURNETT—Why have Southern'men sent ex- men thus elected who have rot seen fit to vote forten bonns. . tracts from that book to th-:*. South.' Why pnolish the Republican candidate. I do not presume ana dates of the 15th inet.Mr. falNPMAN would not discuss the question of :hem broadcast 1 It was that those they have the io hold them responsible, but I tell you gen- The weather was very hot.uutbeificity. It seemed the gentleman oUbehered Business was recovering. Sugar was firm, but the the staleinent from one of tbe white slaves of a Noith- .honor to represent might know the true condition of tlemen of the Democratic side, that if a majority had transactions small.A SKNATOK CHARGED WITH FOROKKY.—Mr. John E. Frye, Senator in the present Legislature, for tbe Chevalier Henry Wykoff, hearer of dispatches to Northtubt Worcester District, has resigned his seat inem factory; bat if the testimony bad eomo from some the country, and might understand and fully appre- been elected by tho Democratic party, or by the aidthe Senate. * 31)3 resignation was made ye&terdav in compliance, with the urgent representations of hu> col- leagues. The reagon k r this step is that he is accused of the crime of forgery. There is a note for $3,500, on which, it ]»said, he has criminally used the nameciate (he object of the party which has' nominated for rcii-ywity negro from the South, it would hay? been tbe highest position next to* the Presidency u man whoand comfort of thut party, you would, stand here as faithfully and persistently as we have done. Let me repeat that we are ready to vote upon any and every proposition flow pending, or- which may be pund"lig; and if the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Wins-thut, upon taking up his propo- low) is willing to say tlse" or "No" upon it. we can sition and voting. " Ayreach a vote upon tho plurality rule, we will consenti'v cent prcm., and on New-York 3i <fc> ecut.Ijouisimia. legislature*NEW-ORLEANS, Wednesday, Jan. 18, I860. In the Louisiana Legislature to-duy the GovernorsMessage was read. It, recommends that the State he pictured to meet its sister Staves of the South in Con- vention in case of certain contingencies; favors retali-Francis J. Grund, Consul to Havre, but rejected by the Senate.Dr. Charles Leib, a Danite, Geueral Post-Ofiice Trav- eling Agent,amdiyCoffieient for him. m _Mr. GOOCH replied tbat bis opinions on Slaverywere not founded 00 the statements of runaway slaves, hut rested on another basi?. • *Mr. HINDMAN hop^d the gentleman would occupy V -HOmore of bis time. He **id John Brown WJWa tool of the Republicans and did their work, and no KepoO- }ic»n could skulk the rwiponeibility. Public opinion •wonld gibl-et them as eh^ctualiy as if the hemp that ntn»ngl»d John Brown were already around theo- necks, from the irrepressible contUet doetriue down totbe mei; lier from Peniwylvania (Mr. Htcaman). Itthe latter shonid march bm Northern men against theSouth, tl»* whole crop of hemp would go up, and theprice of arms go down, for the South would ta*efrom them arms enough to equip the whole P^>l>le-The Northerners would be welcomed with bloodyhands to hospitable graves. The black mantle of iie-pnhlic&niem coveiod both Sherman and Helper. Ithas coolly and delioerately indorsed Helper's book. And he believed the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Col- fix) was in the same category. [A voice—'* Worse !"] Advising slaves to ri;<e against their niartters, to use the kniie and sword, and recommending non-slave- holders to have no intercourse with slaveholders. The book i* revolutionary in character, inciting, acts of rapine .and murder. The Republican party have treated us contemptuously by refusing either to allirm or repudiate the doctrine.of a firm doing business on Pearl street, Boston. The James Maguirey sometimes called " Pat," Commia-. report to us if, that a memhec of the firm in questionMr?GARNETT (Pem., Va ) said he should insist on a direct, vote on Mr. Clark's (Mo.) resolution de-claring.that " a n y recommone'er ".unfit to be Speaker."of theHelperbook isThe "Btudio" in Tenth street, or rather the cm-geries of studios, which have been most inappropri- The personal friends and close acquaintances of JKr.t o i l . • . * * * • *Mr. BURNETT—Arc not tho Republican members ating upon the hostility oi the North hy heouoing andsioner Extraordinary, to travel to South America and look alter our Ministers there.Wljio next of ihc defeated Representatives is to be rewarded with the appointment of United States Treas- urer'/. Is it Owen Jones, of Pennsylvania, now in Washington ? We BbaU ace.visited him in the Senate Chamber, two days ago, aud drew from him a full acknowledgment of tho forgery. Measures were taken to arrange the matter, which were btill in progrcte, yesyorday, when our infonnant lelt Boston. Of course, the aim was to have him t*ke np the note in question, and put it out of the way. We hear reports of other forged paper which he has negotiated; bnt these reports may be incorrect. '•»A rumor of forgeries perpetrated by " a member of the Legislature, floated out of Boston, two or throe days ago, and ha** been considerably discussed heiev and elsewhere; but there was no intimation that th* criminal was one of our Worcester County Senators^.Mr. WINSLOW explained that by hi*st^gTistion hedid not mean thut the House should act pa the plu-rality rule, lie would oppose it by all legitimate Indiana if it be not possible to elect a Speaker from *if8t8 of the South, and alleging* that the hostility ofMr. COX (Dem., Ohio)—1 ask the gentleman from Harper's Ferry affair an' attack on the rights aud priv--mhis own party, nnd one, too, who has voted for Mr. Sherman, and elect him by a majority, and thus at once in educe nit organization?Mr. COLFAX—Will the gentleman designate tho Republican ? ' ,. .the North, und the election of a Republican Prcbidenrwill cause a dissolution of the Union.v — : • « ., Fire in ClevcSand.. CLEVELAND, Thursday, Jan. 19,1860.THJCARTISTS'DECEPTION "STUDIO."IN TUBi«*ifc-'W»./„mmMr. COX—I vote for none oi" you.Mr, COLFAX—Then if he will vote fornogontle- fixe minutes after they ceased moving the frames; v ^jt.n o ° x , Boufjhton, Quincey Thoxxdike, Hays, Sbatiack, would f-ctoii to make issue with >-uch a man m VYe'^V £ Mr. LAMAR (Perm, Miss.) did not know the num- man upon this.side, I respectfully submit to him that, nese w as ab >ot seventy feet jrom the south end of th. A Church, Casilear, aid Nichols. Among the landscape*ence to the course of a Southern member, tie b'^da eNorth-Wet-tern Democrats were included.who nought to fore*» <>n the Northern people a false ber of signatures, hut he was satisfied no Norfch-Wost- according to the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska buildmg; he beard no crack at all; should think it was *wa , ' -.• •••-.•• ••„-:•••:. 5,, , y zidfn as t »his (f.eake'f) course, wh>ch h«d not once en- enl Democrat attached his name to it. He signed the bill, which I believe he indorses, he should at least notmoiethtn three seconds from the time I noticed W 8 8 0 D e representing the Castle of Chillon, paintedtered bis head. He never did say on this floor that the recommendation for cooperation to resist the adoption leave us to settle our differences in our own way. tbe fettbpg efore all was down; thought they had t>7 Church and Cole, the master and the pupil, whichtion of Mr. Shtnunn m the present state of public feel-ing would be tho initiatory step, and if it were fol- rule should be moved and the question about] to be put States. [Laughter.] were remo-ved; should think the fly frames mad* a the cb>'f ob'ee.s of attraction. The bas-reliefs byBenton,Crittenden,andothers,in1830,to*howthutaprrrj.erconstitutionalt-en=e,andyeth*washereto broglio,would-youresistittotheendofthi$Congres-they tfcere f«p;o*ed to tbe transaction of DRfrncr* in tho tbont no hosannah to the UnWin. tie would makeany sional term ?.Senate "while the Hoise was Unorganized. He was, per^onal sacrifice to preserve it, but,would not for this Mr. LAMAR—The resolution commits us to no suchthtTefore, opposed to the motipi. made to refer a cer- purpose sacrifice tbe rights of the people of Virginia thing. As to .whether this is my purDOBC, the gentle-tain private bill to. th*» Couimitu-.e on Private Land and the South. He denied also tho truth of The man will ascertain when the contingency shall arise.Clainib, and moved to lay it on the table to te*t tho Courier's assertion that they want to reduce fix There is this difference between the circulal'on of thequestion.Mr. BA Y ARD tDem., Pel.) saw no evil toresul".from tbe introduction of- bills, and their reference tothe appropriate Committees. It was a more question cof exped ency.<: Mr. 1 ' C L K E (Dem., Fla.) was oppo?ei to the Senate^acting, as it caight be rt-garoed by the other Hou-»e, as an a>t«rmpt to expedite the organization, lie would apply to that body no outride pressure. There were i «9 least three notable occasions ou whicH the Seuate "refrained from coitg bu^ines-s before tbe Houso organ- ized. Vice-President^ Fillmore ruled in 18ID that the Senate could not act. Thvjre was a lnr^e number of contested J«UTS in tie ilon^e and it could not be told•that all "might not be contested.J ^ M r . F E S S E N D E X (Rep., Me.) did not like the ideaoi sitting week after week uowig nothing He could not see the force of the argument of the Senator from Florida, that it might be regarded by tbe douse ae a jaresenre npon--it to induce it to organize. That, be ra'.'uer thought, was an argument in favor of action here. He did not tbink the precedents quoted sbould govern the Senate. They were not based on constitu-tional ground. He intiuiated that su;h action pro- ceeded trom a desire to avoid work and to adjourn ever. The President evidently regarded that there w r s a Coi irress, »s he bad sunt in bis Annual Message. H e ?rgued that the Seniito could do its share of tne hnnness.Mr. H A L E (Rep., N. H.) snirgested that the Senate had better take up Mr. Bavard's resolution and pass on that, instead of voting on the motion to lay it on the table.Mr; MASON withdrew hi.-, motion to lay the resolu- tion on the table., Mr. Bayard's resolution to take no final action on any bill until nctice of the organizadon of the House vtas"received, was taken up.Mr. MASON moved to lay the resolution on the 4able, as it did not cover the whole ground. If » b 11 could be read « firs>t or second time, it could be read athird tin e. Ho was opposed to any action whatever %ill the Honse organized.millions of whites at the South to Slavery, and caused , fontiments of the Helper book by the Re^utllicans, andby Southern men. We commend the book to public execration, aud you recommend it to public confidence and support.to be read a letter from a constituent wGo undertakesto show frr-m the Bible that Slavery was instituted byGod himself, and that Christ declared it to be ho sin to Mr. V ALLANPIGHAM (Pem., Ohio) said he was hold slaves.ame' Helper boat with these gentlemen, can be ing; the iy-frames were slid wif.ont ben j jolted;elected, and that., too, by a. majority of the House. should think the machines weighed 3,000 lb\ (the,highest* Mr. COLFAX—I do not acknowledge the gentle- estimate previou8/vvas 30 cwt!); there were 8 of theso vorite point of attraction. The evudio of Leutze, just man's right to interfere; but I will say eimoly that we 1rf.meoabnmk<". ' above it, was also much sought for: among the inter-The Dulks (Oregon) Journal says that several par- ties had arrived from the upper country, Colville and Similkamcn, all of whom confirm previous reports inSouth. The South must make a demand for new guir- anties,if the Union is to be preserved, or else make concess on after concession till they lose all influence and light in the Confederacy. He urged a Convention of the Southern States to consider their relations with >'he North.Mr. Memiuger was listened to with intense interest throughout hia long discourse?I detection of Counterfeiters.constituents, in which he repeatedly charges Mr. Henry St. Paul with ly ing, for alleging, as that person has re- cently done in The N. O. Courier, that Mr. Bouligny is endeavoring to bring about the adoption of the plu- rality rule, and thus procure tbe election of a Republi- can Speaker.—An exchange paper commences the new year with a series of " Pen and Ink Sketches of Eminent Men." No. 1 is a life of Edward Everett, and occupies a fjpace of about four inches. That eminent man is de-Mexico.LEAVENWORTH, Thursday, Dec. 19, I860. The Pike's Peak express arrived here this afternoon, bringing the mails and passengers from Denver City and Salt Lake, $6,000 in gold, and dates from Jefferson Territory to the 12th inst., and from Salt Lake to Dec.York, ] r e b . 1 5 . _ _ _ _ . FROMinsurrection, sending Osawatomie Brown down there to finish " Tho Virginians"—a task he had been in- effectually laboring to accomplish for months past-. *—The Duke of Wellington, giving orders one day, during his campaign, lor a battalion to attempt a rather dangerous enterprise—the storming of one of the ene3<MA demand for mail facilities with New-Moxico was sensibly felt, owing to the increasing commerce be-The Pike's Peak Express Company will increase ship to Mr. Ex-Representative Hughes, the Commis- their line to a tri-weekly one on the 1st of February, sioner*ihip of the Patent Office to Mr. Ex-Represen-minority. "If yon can, then you are responsible tor the He was 11118^6 a member of the Assembly, in-J850 a^ noivorganizationofthisHouse,andallitsconee-'StateSenator,andhadbeenPresi&ntofthoNdw-UcremcofoursocietyhadbeenallcollectedinTenth citizen,unlesswubecomosouugensrous.siad1malig-eke wo arc after. It is the Speakerfeh'p the country Rge was*57 years.•fctreet to grace the studios of our artiste.S3£222I£I£2iiiilE•TM*?Z--«*TM'>l^.KWW^tr^^fall of others.IWorcester (Mm».> %y, J*», 9»Untitled Documentbuilding fell, testified tbat the accident happenedwk. A. M.,tbrough Messrs. C. D Biown &Ed. G. P. Wilkfns25 00 Bowers, Beekman&. Brad 100v| ford,jrW.LotkwoodP. F. DerrickCarhart,B«con&. Grevm'.2500Geo.W.vow.ers&,Co50CO 20 00 1000 10 00 10 005 00- 5 00 5 0010 00l 0010 00MlVnn Wyoh, TownsendSc Warrenton Cash....J5 00Cash.... Allen, Mef.eanfc Bulkloy 25 U) Cash....J.R.W,5 COS. A. Martin & Co....E. Bu'km in & CoMrg. J. Giswold..<'apt. E. 1. AlorganC. id. Ma shall &.C0.... 50 00.Murphy &. Childs......10 <0.Bonnell & Wilson..... 25 00:P. B. Shaw it. Co.... 25 00 Henry & r^omrae....JSouthwick it Phetpa 50 fo Otir, Lewia,*!. Brown 50 Oof John G\ Trnesdell...••••«•••«(per Asphaus).feivice Jof the oiliceis are to be rendered gratis. . •<»—1—— ••*•'*.¥-.4tt*~l^p4->;:<- lyjv*......A d d r e s s .Mr. Wenninger was escorted to the Capitol by themiiiiary The national and Virginia flags waved overthe buik ing. He spoke four hours, to immense crowds.He described the steady inroads 01 the North upon therights 0;' the South, and the rise and progress ot Aboli-tionif-m. He drew a dreary picture of their presentrelation 1 wi'h the North, and showed that the guaran- publishes in The National Intelligencer, a letter to hia ties of the Consfitution were powerless to protect theiCHICAGO, Thursday, Jan. 19, 1860. —A California paper declares that it must have been The Galena and Chicago Railroad yesterday de-?From I*ike s Pealt and New- clared :i dividend of three per cent, payable in New- Wm. M. Thackeray who got up the Harper's FerryCorreaptfndence of The N. Y. Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Jan. 18,and beat filled of the studios, it appeared to be*the fa-world. " Yes," replied the officer, leading on hia gainBt and defeated him. So much for letting men, "and before your/lordship's orders are finally ex-they 1ave grossly misrepresented. It is the way a ton. He eaya:i« « .i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 