 Ml,.I»eltogiLJ BI KMOB'll • iwvwtsl rw tarM WM•4. Ms|Porkopoiis by Nsw York sa , ohtofly M M tor pigs, Me "M nppsr" is poeSiWy pretorable to Me Inevitable pork chops Mai Might 'xdotemMS ia 'that pe ipoa"—Me (let M My) cmfor reduction, but to m w t have omBpared Mo soene tof >rt bim wiM MOM wtM which he t«fsmiliwou Me Tbuttaiot Of Europe—ui Italy, for instance, or ta flsrmaay—anrt MUM have felt teat Me mala eaoM of all Mto banotaenB and all Mto progrOM te MM liberty and anif-goveraTBS BAtYLB Of ISBBMtA.Tbe following i*atob«r«luialaiai'4uti»vHtl report of theetuegeaent M iebrnie. fought <m the 28tn :—thir moremg, between tvwa at.d elg^t«" ikv-k, my ad vanoati goard was atia'Tktd dn tne het^nve of too **»-*>rone by toree at the enemy's aelomns, ^ -apoewi of fromi II ooi es (MM ore, ta) Wtftediid lb* M wMlaowMMout of io* lirtiw* BOtefSd Bi UM jlbeM isdbw waifearful ««r •*•*•;U l t M lle MalawittWM < Of UittOHl LtauMS fb«! U d <rtoatosB" •day, * • •b» aaahka to decide Me day el Capea and Gents, wlMoethater Maww wtthta Me territory of Me Km* of Naples, wtM aa armed hand, aad martoteg on Me capital, wtM out bartag mad* aay deetaratw of war or eaaaad aipio-makebioheir, rbereWMconsequentlynomistake Without attributing to Me President toy such designouts de tbe Southern States of Me Union." We wteh mosth e a r t i l y t h a t t h e a t e t e u a e n t w e r e c o n s i s t e n t w i M M e ( a c t ;we are afraid Cuba and Brazil would furnish a some wbatmelaneboit parallel. The planters indeed might naturallyenough Jump M Me supposed chance of converting tbefuture King of England to pro-slavery opinions, and soMe measures to be taken in common. Acoordtugiv tne right o f S a r d I u l a w u n o t o a o t o s t e i d . O u i y , i t w u r e m a r k e d t o u s , more, however, as a techaleati y Man u a rrai objection, that tbe question of Syria, as It prese-vted Itsel;, w u oou nested wiM Me arraucementt or 1846—arrangements to which we were strangers and that consequeuti.? It might be believed tbat tbe Powers iicted on this occation less Inprinciple to turn its oooaequences against himself, bis caneb titles for mmchlef will be at once greatly di- minished.Baring Mo* bestowed aside glance upon Prance, we are now in a better position for judging Me subject whence we set out. after all we have said, Me teas diate tsss of Prussian policy can be no other than MMBideaawtiy!••» « mpectty ot expression reaai te Mat etpodted frv,«a• M p i i i m i , aew »* •*• i—ui mr ia atolnitto**4*i»offPtolud Press_Of MV warlli • M Mof 1 Lor*QoMB'SjMrMy tsg BBvBMmto Me mtadle of TmfUgar square, and in the act of ad reader of teal* own claims to independence of action.ercsatog a eery splendid oration to Me statue of NetsoaMM adoras Me aae Ooru thtan piito<- that overlooks Matsearter of London Be declared It to be bis opinion—sotwas reported to me—that Netoon was a good fellow, a— good (bl>ow, a — tolly, c l e w fellow, aad a regularbrich. I regrM esneedmgly MM posterity maM M|.r«»er depriTed oi mis splendid o ath.o, as no reporterwas prosest. and SsawasMaUy It must be forerer lost toMe world We, howeeer, ean hare Me consolation ofThey nave all looked upon him as a guest, and resolved to treat him as such, but without overdoing Me character of host.ITALY.On Me S7M tbe Sardinian flotilla cuaouaded Mo royahsta, near G u t a The Frenca Admiral despatched s frigate to stop Me firing. Admiral Bersono retired and returned to Naples, expressing regret M Me conduct of tbe FrenchThere w u aoMing M to Victor Emuuel's visit towith the love of liberty, to Me great support of to Me Minister of Foreign Allaire, aad to give bim a copy with any serious opposition on the part of either Eugtao t Naplestoleemg MM M Ms return from the Italian wars bewill M ahto to recount Me dteda he there will do—or die on tbe other, are sure to bear good fruit la ah future rela-question, which aione is in consonance with Me interests rity, is hostile to Me love of order, which, in union Kffcndt on tbe 32d September last, Md pray >on to read it of Germany, not to oe likely to meet at the preseot timedr. GdWM JsneM, M P for MarytobOM, has been to haly. has M M Garibaldi, aad bas come oacb agate. The werM mlgat not baee been iatoreetod M Me raoation rambles of Mr Jasaes, had be sot written some tellers to s Loeece paper, ooospicuoaB for nothing but oomaton ptoses sud bed grammar, aad M Me same time crops gated Me idea MM be was "sent oat" by some high per- •mages M home Yon hare had one of these pretentious, bMtosreM gentlemen among yo«, who baa oonieseendlng It MMI roe a rant, aaa after having abused bia edtto- nal and totter writing frtouds will reoeive the thanks and Me gratitude s o t oni> of her Majesty's Ministers, but of Mr snuntry M large.Toe interest in tne Prince of waMS Md his tour inwmaea M Intensity as M approaaaes the commercialol it. At**;.d, Ac , C. CAVJI'R or Russia; ano this especially u the proof has been fur- The note of General Durando referred to sets forth at nished in the tJrimtan war of a settlement of that subj- ct considerable leegth Me reasons for wbich the Sardinian being altogether improbable, Md, indeed, no serious eventuality at all, unless tbe previous u s - n t of both P us- sla and Austria b u been attained A s may also be con- eluded from Me present state of things, austria will be more ineiined now Maa formerly to treat the EtsternThe London Daily Ntwt ot the 31st ult. u y s Me Em- peror of tbe French h u placed four ships of tbe lino before Gaeta, wiM orders to prevent an attack on tbat fortress by Admiral Peraano, Md if necessary to sink bis ships. Under these circumstances Admiral Peraano will take no part in tbe approachlng aiege of Oaett Tho London Daily Newt denounces Mis u direct interventlM by Prance, and says Europe must not be allowed to re- main a victim to all Mto mystery u d repealed surprises.Victor Emuoel and Garibald:, whose operMioas wore combined, were preparing for batt e.The London Morning Advertiser asserts, on tbe au- thority of an official despatch, Mat Victor Emanuel w w to immediately bombard Gaeta by sea and land.It was reported that Kiog Victor Emuuel would oenfer M Garibald, Me title of Prinoe Cato&rnl, wiM aa income of 3,000 lire, and would decorate him wiM Ma Order ofpie laIndustry, n wsa, perhtpa. M great wonder Mat by tfteogltt Me moetowt mme whew Italy, n > longer *-*w,g tojgbt srajj toraah?of ttosMteaaMgw ef BW situtiwto ta wd ruM ng tbe rtok oflture of Bruno captW! a vasU>nd,re steml' lag t > u y one, WBBJd to ber own mtoUvM dut taat v « efftct an MtraagcsMat totween BVglMdMd Praane, M la w wiU» Nap'es, be Pop*, Me wmdaMsad aad forgotMa Greed Itoatos of twoaaj/, PaiMa aad Medeaa; but—tears lias the rah—It m generally believed thai aeitesrAustriaMTRwsta baa UMM M or M M Mowrp oaaaa MtopaMB M aeoaawy u far oa* M Italy wtth two and we reluctantly approaoo one item In Mese transat nirs of a race wbich extorts in the Can and In the West toadrto teoawad MM If thai ta tho eaae, UM Italian lactic narratives The UMSMSMU Atodwtrer says:—'The the wonder of m*cktnd st institutions which the-, cannotever u d not Me slightest ooncesstoa h u been acordad to u In behair of -Vteleswig Boistein What if, instead of wr ttog orapateaes upon Italy, whtoh be has no real(MMr) a*toMaaboloaUMIMIMMMMMofa approach of UM future Sing of Itaiy,li Justice to their own countrymen, it hi rery gratifying to notice- for wo like to he proud of our Amsrtoaa eons na—Mat Ma general reception of the Prtnoe, fromtight rope, under toe pilotage or Me high soaring Btoadin. The rabid exertions of Ill-conditioned Orangemen to make, him ass under an arch covered wiM otfimslve partyWhen, in Me month of August last, on Me anuounsemeot of tbe massacres which devastated tht- '^hruina regions of that country, tne Powers met in eonfereoot* n Paris toiMtMiice. Austria eould only he aeduoed to luterfere la Nspies. tbe states of the Church, or etoewnere wiMln Me limits im^oseu upon it by the Vlliafruun preliminariestemfy,batto willaaaa to over BMKtogof MMM aaybamr-h** attooa oa Garibaldi at O w » ; but M all his Chicago:—efbrM M that atreetMB Bare toruusated M defeat, his Lord Renfrew to deeply seaslbleof Me reflned cour- t-By and genuine kiadnexs which characterised his recepto, and that worse lurks behind "By visiting us,"ings It w u , however, easy for us to sh«w that Me ques-leaving the revolutionary party the requisite spaoe forfhraaady Wud has decent blood, And lUegaat morality—•ffereii to v-r-tor Emuoel, I. .uia Napotom run* Me rtokof seeing tbe ponuiMla before long united under thebit an iiBlgniticanl number of wounded. - CiaLOINI. glorious n *pire of the King of Piedmont, or wbat to tbe powei to influence, the Prcssten Minister of P reign af- same, of witnessing Me decline of hat own influence incomparison with Mat of England Ou this aociuat it toby no means incredible tbat French protests against MePrince oaa'l dance." We should be curious to know who imitate, u d at a program and prosperity whtoh Mey and •111 M confined M ito present limits. taught the editor of Me Cincinnati Snaairer tbe theory I • impossible to attainswrdiota and Tarte/.IS SARDINIA ONB OF TBB ORKAT PCVEH8?OnontCavour has addressed Ma following oircnlar to the Sarllniaa Legations:—TURIN, Uot 15,1800 MoKsmrs us MIMWKB—YOU know trom mi pr-«eumgfairs Bt ouid feel it incumbent upon bim to take a took now u d then at Me affairs of Mw country. Md try to re- move soBte of Me impediments M W obstructing MB growM of Prussia u d GermuyEmperor HapaMM M M M MMahMt, hat M win foroe from Victor EMMOOI UM intend at eardiate, hy j u s haM thai ha BOMUMIB of U M Papa* M M , M MMTtaM. That Mtte w ooadiuoa of thMgaand appIleatkMt of that pate teteaot We do not exactly demand that our foreign minister should take any steps about Mw dancing libel, this international Insult, but a despatch or two protesting against it would gratify our feelings[Prom Me London Poat, Oct. 30.]The Prinoe ot Wales will have some curious remlnlsoences of his trusatiBntlo wanderings, and they will have in no smell degree the merit ef freshness aud originality Atone among princes be has enjoyed the offer of quittingact of Piedmont have been indite> with much mora ear ne.suiess ••( tntoniion Maa Is geaeratly acoordeii to toem, or that tbey are at least designed to offer tu« puasibilitr of a serious inte- pratatmn when an oocaaioit preeenu It sell It is also b no means imp-obanle that u mis Na poieon would t> delighted at seeing someboiy else be- come his oatspaw, and tbes have his little bill settledwPWNj.i»'HJ!Jl<|NiiiijirNEW TORE HERALD, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.i—perhaps, one hundred well dressed pso- i, whiie Me rest ware awkward, tn-maa-auss wrueinecs, sutler ot noa. Mr. trroesoeoa, Bber of Ouegress, was tbe bcUe of Me evealngtoitot the Powers ndlvtouaUy u ailtea against aooaparte, -Anon sasesablage—abouJd have their pbotogranhn 5 i M ! S . , o U » • " » « • « » • otiter, of a severe Md forbid sh.weJT Oa Me Mber toad Me exposition dbUehed m from Mto oaase Me postponement ef MejOooJIct, whileOil postlble siltuoes are M A M yet seeured; from Mis caoeagaa.orelsewe MObaa observers, Me occasional patrrroar* df revolution, with a view to earn *>l suoh alltAooes u are not otherwise proenrab e by the elevation < f the rev jlatkmary or NaiMMaWaoMMm to OMof vital interest for the var'ouB Powers separatelylb art u a mediator between Me agpesito pates of tag land and RnMm to Me grateful tMk ot Prnrataa pdliny uid-r theiW uireumstenoM. Of course, we do nut ssean t3 Say that Prnssia ought to forgra her duttet towards herself Ua Austria-*u Mat aeooant. On MwMWrary,itohlaffto.(oo; for Me brief how ot bawlMe otter hud it to Me result of M internal ormoni HMJIM Mat. si'.bougb aOor.Stot hetweeh Mo two cauatrtes may to delajed, Mere to M hope of ahalty avoiding it, and Mat oocseaatatly M tlOM ought to to tost m procuring ttacooperWiouofBJI MOMa PowiaerBs which may t o c o n s i - dereduvmnMtoahtooWtJBefBfvswfifthwawWBwWT, wvfhllt"oh, it tosary to observe, will to a war to Me smile.*^m '^J* cau»*, Meqotel MtoftetMued attempt te kttanttt oVfl fmT a%>will be equally reixuvkableBotttod adreemen te as w u MW ofgteoB M M tadtag Melr way M Me sated fcdgmeat M e r e l s , s a d unoonaclously e i laatoawa upoe Ms progress aad evotation of tboeghuThe Duke of Ne wcastie, ta writing to M e Mayor of Bos- of teachers. B e to not cast oo himself— made to dependton Is equally emphatic: —I caKnot say with what kindness Me Prince has beenon his own energies No stirring priges in life awaken his dormant faculties. Pad Md clothed by oMars like amm JT I*WTOBM, and we w r beaceiorto an exclusively tetornattenat *j*est*oa, and SmltoBMa^S?- ^ 5 WteW of tae hewasbotad to tears to Megreat Powers M»tw*of Trtmf *** B **.*a — »»ttdP chosTB object M M Me »pen deciding Me poiialatl character Md rank ef Me MW State. l^teT^SlZTVS? *W,leto "•• •"•'••w*• What WM there alarming w irregular m t o e h a aaaiara-are foreign ta Itsto Isolate thetaOMBtry Mhaaqunalry ta M e Ortoat Oa comprom BS ito hitherto aafiJf. fntZm^mFmtKwt te Me toat Motory, when it v a p >o«sed to trans 1.TJ1-L^-7?^n c y 8»» o° ««• CM look at the nea: form the electorate of Brandenburg Into &e tiogiea of tS!TJS*S^* *0!nm 2. N«BotoJaadMd Me exu rViawto, imsjeiiBsruptoB were Mtertaimd, nor Mysueh beck to M M seonre of immortaUty, dcM tnu torut abundnace and comfort of Western Uanada without rrocautioas takes. CM it to teat we o* u<-> jreaMt time adawstsM4fasntontojandtbe**owehuodxeu Slf*^Ti,,W,•*»',«MMMMepatienttedMtrywhioh leoiKntoMerewoachofmanifestngAirerasp^ctfor iromed'pevpie"—a very large body ladesd (or My nas realised such resute, te deoaaee, te M* onicase, of estebrtohed rightff and old treaties than mr prMeooMorsand seat roaoMMe world to teach the nations bow to dress Bat MsTrefwrtar, hungry aad angry, oondu leo with a burst ef rage:—oar journal baa oailed atteattoa to woat oae h*ppene4 m •b« Fuiian pei'MMta siooe then, a»d b t« imp it *d the re- s«*w elMirtv to tM deityasad nwrbapi* thf indTf>eeoee ef WM as supper, and,as a whole, Cincinnati Mould koctoty hi Me prairie* of niiaols and on Mo banttn* Mirou*,. u to objeeted toat Me eompttoity of Me Preaca•04 of Me sxhi bitioo made before Mo e y « of tbe grounds ef Mtaaraota The fatigue* sad duties of hie government Is aloe* to blame. Bow a i l why?"» « w e e y c-nnot nave left Me ymtkbil Prisoo muoa tim»dtag climate. Nor to It possible te view without aston- •afimtat, hnadreto jf miles further wmt, Me rode out MKSceesful eJbrti which are forming a similar state otM surely as 'sermons meet, Me dearly prised inheritance of the ustfm UM day after " over whtoh to to to he called to rule, whtoh they harewo are of opinion that to assume tne prober BMBstoa to also the right way to arrive at a reooncitlattoa of Me oonS bOb to 8,000 moo, vis: 3,000 Itfantr, >* too gendarmesThe reporter, whose "pan of light- we follow, seems carried with them to Mese vast countries The lnstitu 1 M)0 men of Me tat ot the line, 1,300 or 1,»00 U r o u (Hating iotereste t.-r Russia aad Eigiaad.te have reeovsrad hia gloom at Me iahospltality of tne tioas of America differ from ours, Md we have never Guards, aad Me two pieces of artillery Qen i.r.ffini re Cine nnatiajos, for Me!next Cay be write*:— hesitated M express oar preference (to Me enaMitution matneu for abost M hour and a half alone wita only two This has b-en an enjoyahte day. rhe Prince went to undtr whioh we live, bat that mate not prevent oar M baitalions of Bersagl eri u d a section of arti !.-ry (ia Me heightoofltaeeroaa Prom Mis point, overtookuig tM postalradbeoBservedthemovemente•*toeMr.e colamns of Me enemy One ol Mem WM march- ing directly along the road to <at'-aek Me antra,Are - having deliberated npoo t.ie integrity if GermanyM Baoue rtanen, after Me discuasraa of Ma Beta Bauds ofaf'e-n,vtg Vertec at Toplttsj afhr tbe CO.JBI ie-aiioo at c.4iotirm in the Wmt, are by no MOMS lacLael to fol- «'< bi-.i'zof thee -"-T o toMreetsof tsgland aud rVoasia. low no ether ohtoct la Melr foreign poUsy MM MM of tadudirigprobabiytheprorresssoftherevotutior.sry sPtigf-BiBB.toit ByMtoweparmaMBt tonMney movement to a&U beyoaa tbe banks of the Rome, the I ramia to ntenad at a great dtetoraatage by ttoatea Polish and Hun*ai,*n qn«stioM are, am-u. gel several el the oMtr Powers. Every o m knows MM she willSt. John's March In the murMsg. preoeded, woompMiod Big full justice to Me Merits ol a nation In whose fameUdfoUowedbyavastprocessionofught-seers.The church aervioe and Me sermon are dewri'ml:— Btsh.p Mollvaine officiated, ailed hy three otherweclaimacumnionInterMt,oradmittingMattheirin BtitutMMS, ihougri not to be coveted by men who have the happiaow to live ta shgtond ta Ma reign of Queen Vioto-olergyBMB. He preaohed a very powerful sermon from rts, are far superior to My 'hat are to be found la any Md Me two others were climbing up Me M otbrrs, likely to engage tbe atteatkw of Me leUtoratorB Dover act i< oonecrt wtth Prance, u d to consaquMtly taMe ninth verse of the seventh chapter of Revelations. other country exwpt Mat from whioh MOTsprang. The c! vines of Me Maeeroae in order to surround to * The hrttoe has st no time been so greatly Interested in a reception of the Prince of Wain mt Ntra York, where htm the position. 1 bhetened to the spot wtth all p>wsibie discoorae as in Mis, sad when Me Bishop closed his ser- dreM of ntekMMds of men oMtbteed—wstAoM soMtors so sp-wd wtth Me Brtgtoe Regtna, bv a long aud preterve onUr at m the Ointment without police to preterm monntaiBous path; ano suddenly oausing so.ne battailous M M M M M M M t M . The Poreiga [taw nlarj-nf mon, with a lew earnest words ef warning to Me profit order, ta among w—to otter to Me heir of our crown a to deploy right and left, sad advancing at tbe same timeat Warsaw. But these are the very questions whtoh, a i.osition to ptedetormtea tor attitude ia a given ques- wh le reminding tho northern Powers or the solidarity o< tion wtM a tolerable degree of eevtataty, u d Mis when their interetts, may be employed by England ta a vehicle Me otter Powers especially Austria, are piew"! at B for Me forging o; a eoon8ctii>g link betwefli Ma Italian moment's notice to tosgw wita Prance and M p p x t M saaitotoal rtollMMM M fth royal Journey MB r u t Brttaa did M » u n a toag IBtervtew with Me PrteW RfgMl of P l M M M i hM Premier Wtteout M H | MOB oaoeratudteg MBMBBhhl M M M UM M t t of Eu- M», rrwsta,ittoMWMi, w tiytog to oarry water on • .a Moulders, aad is making all sort* of Talr proatoostoghsors Now, it ta Met aobrdiMi l u i frtoadly ailiaaoo wita Ores! » i w i • toeotepMibto wtoa MMMMT with Austria aadtowards thi centra, we in less than half »n oour overfete young, aad urged them to seek etrly the straight aad narrow path, the eyes of Me youthful Prince were dim med wiM tears, and M audible sigh passed his half closed lips.Md foiliwed at a nmclng paceby the 4evnnth S«ratgiierl, of a sermon so wondertul'y appropriate! The fame fine frlnce who governs a nMkm which bw learnt la the or- purs led tbe lugHives M far as Taenia We cannot yetatd Oriental questions.It is necessary lo rtcoUact M Mis point of oar deducK> teror Napnleon to hto heart's desire, provided s a t - thing tangible ean be gut out of him tor ttotr own par- piS'» V?e do not mean to counsel the Oanmet to do Ma same, u It to obvious Mat a connection wiM Parts eaa BS but larelj advutegrorts toouroonntry All wa wish ta vrtta noon Mem to. that Mey should no oeger sidndo the very possibility of a French ainuoe from Me limitsMtawMlteA of theuntaomof sMataeBf thecooperatwmof the We should ho Tory sorry to giro the Bishop Me c-e lit i*ope to acamptish the ettdt </government. Happy Is theder Captain Monttgiio, led on by General wr.ni •. himself,peror ol Me Preach to necessitated to act, u it were, hy Ota u d starts; to league today with Courob and Legiti many, toagy hifflseii to morrow with Voltaire sad thefancy Mat MW the tow, mi heard Me sigh, Mid watched dinary aflatrs of life to govern itself, MM OM be its own Me half closed lips, is quite capable of throwing la Mat police, its own army, that can frame lis o wa lawa, Md floe touch about the "profligate young " reoogaisesMe duty of obeying toem without retr andMe mlist pass Me preparsttoM M Philadelphia—the without compulsion Of the machinery of governmentstate the number of prisoners v-e have ma e. 1 wiu only My that General noughts Sootti, wuo commanded all these tr ops. several superior officers, others ot au lufe nor rank, and several hundred privates have faileu into enr haada Tbe Whole corps of General G-iffiot, the Squadron of Captain Montigllo, tbe Sixth and .Seventh Beraafl-erl, u d MB first battalion of the Ninth raiment of Infantry, have bOhaved admirably; it ta Mey woo bav>< done all I have taut General Sootti, who iioes wuiiogiy, to Sslmona, accompanied by my aide r.e i-^mp fais evening after mora ample information, I snail draw up a detailed report of Mto singular emragefu -nt which a u nad so favorable a result for us, and which OM cost asRevolution. And as this ^uiltotion u ay ao means Me ot P-urslen poi c,y Until tms uetect be removsl our exeie.s'v* pr.xiact of bto ability hot at the same time tbe statestren will never sucoied in coercing the v a r k w a s -express-on of the Inhered weakness of bto postttoa, we iag< nists of M a Kingdom into compliance wiM our de> Mall be at no loss to discover Me right method for nandsmaaixg a soOosMful attack upon himpreparations M New York—of which a local (Irish) poet MePr»M could, of oourse, OM Utile or aoMlsg: but at Raatia. Thaw MM gnat P©were of UM MM of Europe slugs, nicety dealing oat prate* w d blame to Me corpora the external maaifestatioua of Ma two forma of popularUnmiStakeably the tfmper ir of the French to not alittle embarrassed by tho State of Italy. The course ofua*}ju.tion Ms been only too eucneasfuj; toe chiefs havebeen greater Man a man with a f a r and moderate judgmeet would have bem entitled to Mtui'pate of the ma The GerssM unity question li u remote from solution u jority ot neai, and unless some serious opposition totov* a will good •"eoegh to "Mil ia" aad Maka oommon tlon aad Major:—Tbey'ive little SIBM, bat, for expteM,re's not a set of boulter men I Tbersovereignty which exist side by sue la Qhaada u d the Doited states be has *een more Man any one perton ever taw before We hope and believe that the leesou will not be lost, MO taat the future King of EaglMd will bring to Me throne of his ancestors, whenever Providence may call him to It a wide and georroM sympaMy wtth his fellow or. atures, and a noble conddenoe in Me destlIt to owing to thto radiral error of Prussian dlpioma- Itote MM Me gravest altostloas have been aeoomp whed in ti* poilttoai si atom of Europ- without oae stogie item bt it g out down to Me credit of the nation May govern.But Mia, M doubt, ye'U ride abont Wla Boole n o all the Aldermen ;reueptiw Ma moat (tattering to him M d Me most honorahie to themselves that C M he lmarinei, to ta itselfa tarn to eoay one to items hamdt power it or map te tbM of our soldiers a squadron of Novum dancers, un- tlon, Mat by the very nature of Bouaowrtuim, me £mTUB NEW! BT IBS I»BTB 4BBBIC41. QCMSC,NOV. M, law.The steamship North American, fram Liverpool Novem- ber 1. via Londonderry 2d, arrived M Mis port M half- pwt tox P a on dunday.Tbe Coaard compa* y aaaooaoo Me recommenoemeoi ofMa oorHtoMM Mi food wtotos of ail are divide! New YoaaflXBALDinterprets Me reception M Ma Y/hlM delirious enthusiasm or a republican crowd M tbe to. Our right to Ooso was evident. It was consent»u<d to (i>e htm Me benefit of a conference, and bring ab>ut Melr tortnight screw 1MBtoNew YorkDespite all Me oddities Md sooeatnetttos of some of Me dominions he is bereaft r to govern te a wh< eiburrow,whMh MMha maty I M M U M by Ms word aaarehy tost u n red aft Napka, aal UM dectaioa hy hoik* ts- Me iMsrinas reporters, *hoae exaggerative touches do Md nsktng his august entry Into Me United ^tatos qo tbe meat lus thought rig it to take in the ques i m of Syria with the revolution in Italy at another's expanse. If, forwill, it ta toted, pat M aad to a t u u at BBXIOM suspense Me President down to Me populace (if American writers symbols will oc one or the curiosities of history. The devtoe means for puttiug an end to suuu fnghfui uisBut tbe more Me Kmperor of Me French would hail has been gentlemanlike la every sense of Me word. The all his lompeeri*, sod none of hem have witnessed Me to be allowed to take part in Me arruaremeurs to he come such an event, Me leas ground exists for the other PowersMai to M W MtogMjftf patefal Ia Ma toaraato af Europe, will tndted admit any "down" in Mat land or equality), j«ys of ten due with Was lane are known to htm alone of orders, and to prevent the renewal of otb re, • • claimedBouse;— sight of a real prince But Mranger, perhaps, thaa Me by articie seven of toe treaty of Me 80th ot nUn-a, i860, conjointly wbat, tu spite of bis most l>rvem wishes, to MM Mittory word of MMMMBJMMM to aasiim, or of He waa received at the threshold of Me White House attempts to convert bim Into an Orangeman, or an acrobat, which, by admitting the Sublime Porte to tbe advantages himself is no looser m a position to effect It ought to by President Buchanan, who looked as composedly as or a demigod, to Me Mtempt to convert him Into an of public law Md Me1 Eurooean concert, •'i't%ius tne become a standing rule with Me Powers of Europe to sympatay for youag Bomba. The pro-dictator tattled usual. Her hook him by Me hand hi Me most fatherly advocate ot slavery; yet transatlantic audacity bas not formal engagement of the Powers which signed it to give Louto Napoleon no opportunity to gM out of Mo rttnser imaginable, aad like oae who knew his guest hesitatsd a> Mis wonderful metamorphosis, and the Prince guarantee in common Mo tetependenee sou t- •IIOI lai in scran- by the interference of other mediators. The wed. It was teat such s hearty welcome aa a rich old has been asueu to visit tbe south In order that to may tegrity of Me Ottoman empire. In virtue ot ih a disp-wi eha>-m of Napoleonic might and cleverness to broken,27M of November The Etna ta6BBAT BRITAIN.The Earl of Dundonald died te London, October 81, ieighty five.Admiral Sir Charles Naple* bad h a w Mi/ad withdenudsevereillness,sadMarewwooaslderableanxiety M to his recovery.Parliament hM been further prorogued from Me 0M of November to Jaauary 3.Rarey had given at the Crystal Palace a farewell de- monstration, prior to hto departure for Me United StatesFBA5CB.BMaag OarthaMl, QMMM MM Ytotor PSMBMI, bet notMMXIBI M tease Naptoa, hat M deoiiaad it, and wane Mr "• motoiag to torn up."bachelor urcle would give to the nephew he intended tobehold Me spectacle of a great planting region, inhabited oirrrttly Me machinery to subjected to a near aad search bygentlemenwhoownMesodMdthelaborerswoocul tiontheassentoiSardinia»otbeoocupation••apartof lng scrutiny. If Me Emperor is fotOM to keep to one tivateit,*bich,he stold,tosomething"nottobeseen MeOttomuterritoryWMmdispeasabiet)Melegslttyor lineof policy, and byMe logical working out of onetotrttoidi maaMtohaveaboa*40,000MM,withertohry taatoomingla,aadeveryOHhjpw Mai no will aboutIMtincerlty.o nst-ption, and no oae in Mis country ean he nntouchet by Mat suggeMive fact—Me descendant of George III. stood tog with uncovered bead before tbe tomb of Washington Pur Me manner of Me Prince's reception we have tbeo u r P r i n c e , w e m u s t b e a r t e s t i m o n y to : h i s k i n d l y r esecure such a potent ally In Europe; but we much fear to aaM M poMOM ibogbwM of a ahaana m aeoMM in an beet authorities. Lord Lyons writes to a commit.ee at Mat it is not merely slarary Mey wish to recouoile himvirtue of Me treaty of 1868 than of previous uuderta* ot strengthening toe existing contract in Italy and ofMey say, "the Prince will be able to judge for himselfw«<pa aast M nearly diMrartoued They bars relied tion M '"hicago. The eelicate consideration evinced for oi our social cosjdittoc, Md he will, we trust, bear possessed general Interest, frtmi Me iofiueoce it wu des ality ol a furtbe* progress of tbe Italian mov-nent Very active warl.ke preparations wore going forwardfar tueecss oa fate ibiMn-au, liberally propagatod u d «ttirtbatod aad MrcnMuM among Ma aoMlera, to Me eaVot MM Naptol Is m a MMorvfol reroit, and baa pat M • BtMribaMI, and all Mat sort of Ming. Hut oaase W •TMMady M IM MM toga.gune e f M ese how Vasuvtus woaa end BMWty MeiaselrM most advan tareous way the raw hours MM were st hut of each." Commerce in what? Is Me heir of Me great ignore Mat the obstacles which ocmosed ta> ms dvaa for not ouiy to *uatrta u d Russia, but to England also; and, Paris. Bivouwing and all Me proceedings of a regularbto comfort, Md Me scrupulous regard shown to his wiM him when he quits our shores an inoreasedwith to travel in a quiet and unostentatious manner, respect for our institutions. It to a mote happy have impressed him with far warmer feelings of result when Me leading mi ids of the great nations aregratitude and esteem M*n could have been produced fully last acted ss to the real condition of Melr respectivelions between Me dill rent -'tales of Europe. We mighteven have added MM, «tthout going back t > Me convention* of 1848 which referred to Mount Lahuon, Metraaty of 1860 by introducing a right u retards Turkey,Implicitly modified all previous special conventions ebichwere contrary to, at not m conformity with MIS new demeanor:general u d permanent right Nevertnelem, «e could not There Is little doubt but this policy will be ageeeable, The Emperor on tb- 31st reviewed 30,000 men a e wbv any ceremonious demonstration of public display. States, when Mey overthrow Me barriers which prejudice *• cave bad bare M LoadM ooaslderable of the patri TM excellent arrangements made by Me author! or misguided philanthropy seeks to build up, and when alio at d mmr of Me grotoMjM A goodly oamt>er of Me bias Md the admirable deportment of Me people Mey exert Mcir energies to bring about as far ai possible tbssotorMgMTl hart M l i n . i r * T T —v •*-—rr—-'-T -nrr gtve to .Lord Renfrew the means of employing in Me a friendly Md unrestricted commerce between Me peoplegsment in our foreign policy, ought to be placed upon between Sardinia and Austriato.eli a looting u to tnouoe even a maa like toe Emperor Some writers construe tbe rwrnt Council of War at 8t.If Mab reMtosa avwaMtn Is in abont the same state aa oa disoosai. Ha was Mas enabled to view, la a complete nation Mat struck the fetters from Mo slave to carrythe moment to Me recep don of our aemands were ape although not of op nion that My formal agreements arecially owing to the eff.iris of Austria to exmude us r '/tnr to be concluded at Warsaw, we yet indulge in a hope taatthe understanding, at that moment tbe lives of several Me rapprochement between Me Powers will he sum -lent toousud Christians were In Me greatest duter, aid it to give Louis Kapol. on a taste of Me dttorness of a Eurow u necessary to apply a prompt aud ettlcaci >us remedy pean ct aiition, aad to trach bim MM any ulterior exerback to Ei gland an admiration of Mat institution which W« hare bad some little aoowsion to the patriot head net, to appreciate the rapid growth Md increasing im- is viewed wtM rqual terror and disgust by the beta Md from your Mae ef Ma water, asreral sums of whom ban portance of your wonderful city, B M to ase vast numners wisest American* ? Cfaanning tells us Mat Me whole lotawelt powder M Me»Me Metag arrived M London w* of your thriving and truly kind and courteous oitixens. V>f the slave to to keep hto mind in childhood Md bond- rstos to MwMMira M M O M fall blown militia |*ne sgo Though living hi a land of light few toami and rai.CtoB W . msim hMaetf very agrrsanle bare In You were so considerate M to say that no answer to Melr way to his benighted understanding. Ni parentquite a olrole af friends M a short your letter could be expected; hut Lord. Renfrew cannot feels toe duty of Instructing him; no teacher Is providedcampaign were represented.The Bourse on Me 31st ww firmer. Rentes advanced, V closing MBSf ShePrince Metternich and Baron Bnbner were received bylions in favor of oppressru ostionallt<es might to, afterall, attended wiM some litue diffl..allies for the stagemanager ot toe enterprise• But, to recur to the commenoemeat af our article, RusBia cannot, oe expected totally to ignore the question ofMe Orient However, Me Ruasiu Cabinet will perhapsallow imi If to to convinced of the utter impossibility ofsolving tbat question with France alone It will, per.haps, be brought to peroeivf Mat, with a Rtuso French tilitiesalliance looming to Me lutare, England, by favoring Me Five hundred of the Irish penal brigade bad passed•erne orsser occasion or not. I hope toey will Sad ontand satisfactory manner, objects of very peculiar intoHw poliucai aMoetattoae aad dootoern education i him as stonueet orator—a talent MM be ezeraMM M very bappy eibm at several dinner perttoa. He took Mr opportuaiti w post blnself up sell M Me history ofMe great MM MMthe hMtortoal MOOUMMM of old Bag toed—ecqaWtttoM tbM will, so doabt, M broagbt into pruAMble ase at some future amencau etsctloas. One sight be was left to go to his todgtngs atoaa, after a jolly sTentag speat wiM some boon companions, and about torn o'ehMk Me next morning b« WM round bv a friendly policeman seated in a guttersi tew such a letter to rematn unacknowledged He de tor htm except Me driver, who b i e a u him almost into sseh a jrigbtlul state of Mings. We theretjre Mought It right Ml to insist nay tooger, for by do- teg si we might have caused some delay in Me decisions of Me Conference of Paris, and any loss of time would have oansed the most fatal cense quences. We preferred to suspend for tbe moment tne exercse of ow right, hut M Me BUMtime we notified to friendly aul allied cabinets that we matte reserves. Un Its part the Sublime Porte, in the course of the month of June, having confided to hto Highness* the Grand YlsierMs Emperor on Me 28th.It w u reported M M Me Austrian envoys had notifiedsiren especially to record bis obligations to tne committee who have given expression, In so appropriate a form, to tbe cordial feelings of their follow citlsens.childhood to Me servile tasks which are to All up his life. No book to opened to bis youthful curiosity As ha advaaOM la years no new exoltomenta supply tho planeMe Emperor MM unless Ms tearlike preparatioM of Piedmont were discontinued, aad Me Hungartoa legion diabanded, Austria would immediately commence hos-rsMived la MOM cities which be bas yet visited In tbe child directed la every step, doomed for life to a monoto labrtoli Pacha Me mission of visiting Me u ,D>mnt pro progress of revolution, will make every exertion, not onlyUntied Utates If saeh individual had been instructed what to do, Me whole people could not have shown great- er deltoaoary nf feeling Md consideration for the position be occupies la tog land Moogh without the slightest sur-nous K und of labor be lives aud diet without a spring to through France en route for Ire sodhis powers, often brutally unconscious of hto spiritual vmces of the empire In inquire into Me fate of Me Chris- to occupy Me attention of Russia in anotoer diraption,nature Nor to this all When benevolence would ap- tian populations, huteueo to give official oomraunicallon bht also to place before Franu tne alternative of break- Judical proceedings had been instituted against tbe proach him witn interaction, it is repelled. He Is not of hto appointment te the representatives of the Powersble curiosity of our good cousins to BM Me son of a Queen whom Mey love sad respect almost as much as we do.Such words are more than mere words. All snob real kindnesses on Me one side, and prompt acknowledgmentswhich to to captivate a free born Englishman. Nor to Me callv to tbe observations made, u d to proton formaily in On this occasion we are bold enough to give utterance American experience of Me political effect of slavery M v u c e againbt any Interpretation restrictive of our lo an asM-rtiou of some gravity respecting tbe •-.» «non lijceiy to be acceptable, to the heir of s ooustltu runts. I transmit to you a copy of tbe note which his of tbe Orien , We believe that particular solution of this ttonal monarchy. Slavei y, according to tbe mme autho- Majesty's legation addreesel with Mis object to Sayfettions wiM our kindred bwyoad MO SMS.[Prom Me London Times, Oct. 81.]Tbe Prince of Wales bw now brought to a close his long Md laborious progress through Canada, New Bruns- wtek sad the United states Aay of our reaaers whose fortune it may have been to aoomiplish the same circle must know MM, even by a person travelling In a private capacity, master of his own time, Md enabled to arrange Just M be piusees Me interval of repose Md relaxation, such a tour is not eooomp tsbed without r»ry consider able fstigue. Tbe extraordinary wetness of the summer baa, indeed, saved his Royal HighnoM Md his suite fron Me burning heat Md all penetrating dost which are Me ordinary concomitants of railway travelling In America, but it never Me ess speaks well for Me stamina of our royal bouse Mai Me Prince seems to have borne upfree institutions S'aveboldtng tends directly to lawless- ness, and gives Me hsbit of command, not obedience. The absolute muter to not likely to distiuKuiab himself by subjection to Me civil power The substitation of passion and self wjli for law is nowhere so common u in tbe slaveaoidtng States. But It would be ungracious to dwell upon the darker shades of character which slavery induces in slaveholders The South tendered her hospi- tality to the Prince, u d we have no doubt It would have been u hearty sad cordial u that of the North, which in Ite nnqueliued exuberance has gone far towards reuniting in heart u d spirit Me two great sections of Me AngloSaxon raceone prince to attemptjto obtain Me favor of another for special interests This, at tout, will be the o u e as long u toe energe Ic attack ef tbe Kmperor of tbe F- mch is not met b> aa activity equal! energetic and equally full of purpose—as long u Me princes of £urope ua.e not been Bin- tu d'score' the locne standi whence to over Mrow the pr<nc pie Use f of Booepartisra.mpital of Me ououtry Long aocoaaui are puoiisned against an ordeal of axtraordteary Severnw wiM ua * £•*" 01, Me accounts being almost exdn* •uveiy from Me Nsw YORK HMULD. Editorialslave already appeared in Ml Me leading jnnma'n on tbe subject, including Me Ootfy N<v» Timm, isfaj/raph and SMMraMy *««>w. aad. fhr aught I know, In • to. re of otn. r matropoiiton jouroatoTon will see aceounia in the Ltrerpo 1 journals of a ve-ry istoreMiag mtotieg More on Me aeoasioa of o'esentingto tbe town Me free panic library aad building for tbeBM, by Wu.iam Brown. B*H . late M P for -toutn Lannanire. md bean of Me gr*a* firm ol tbe b•uners Brownto largely Menttned wiM tbe commercial interests ofLiverpool, New York, Paitodeipam, Md ta IBM of Europemd America The girt m»de by tow merchant pria eM an 11 to Me prince,y sum of over £40 000—or nearly a•sartor of a million of dollars N<we who know M y oflas arm of Browa BrnMcrs, or of Brown, 9hlpl«y k Co.,•ui be surprised at Me donation This eduoatiooal giftwin Btand far generations atoagsi<*e of Me insts utionstided and fooodeoi by Stephen Girard to Pb1ladelpb«,fabs Jacob astor m Mew York, George Peaoody ia BaitiB»rs and aanover, aad Jv«oua l*tes ia ftwton, and alltaoag eit> mporary peraoas, floer-.shtng ia tbe age of tbeworld most noted tor commercial enterortos, aad all orMM BOMof MM Mat nave,bean solely Me architects ot men's minus are sore Man ordinarily exulted, and it re hands. The reports of our naval officers employed la Mesod coDsequenily always defeated—such is Me generalcharacter of the times, and there is no bope of improve been tixi d upon than the Vienna government us -d it u aMiroughoet tbe kingdom oa Me arrival of every Amerl- failing health and uattagjctng spirits. It isTilao mosttaetr awn fortunes, two of them were natives of ame quired, as our readers will nave obwrved, .he utmostnca. who speat Me most active portloos o( their lives ta prudence and circumspection to save Me Prince fromnu prtseion of the slave trade oo the west coast of a'rlcainform us of the new and formidable mode of oonluct StiH. we cannot withhold Me confession th it u yetthere is too i.ttle oirtiMU.ees m- tbe mutual relations ot Me Powrs toa'10w of osn-sjieeking in favor of a European Ctmgress tvr the. rettietnei i of tne aitairs of ItalyPerhaps toe very irsw "• the Warsaw Conli'-eaice will be cai.-u Bed to sui-p-irt our ideuIt has even been distinctly asserted Mat Prusst* and Aus-barren tban that of any Dreaediag one, would have rain de- Austria considers Me usembllng of a congress osetoMgratifying to Eengland to believe what, consider- ing Me sort of oneervMKra to which Me I'ri ice WM exposed, we Mink we may consider as perfectly plain—ti at on no occasion hM Me r»ry young mM oa whom bas devolved Me arduous duty of representing Me Crown of England aad Me dignity of its heir apparent in Me face of mu.ute aad perhaps not always friendly criti- cism, done or said, auyMing watch has left behind It an impression other than ere-1 (table to himself and agreeable to Mote wito whom to baa been brought Into contast. Such a success argues a tec. aua discretion on which Mis country may have great reason to congratulate herself her raftermen i so long u tbe oaaferenoM of opposing sovereigns are directed against Mo man Bonaputo, instead of Me principle of Bonspartlsmrod of menace against its mutinous subjects. Po.es, flungarians and Italians were given to understand that now,when a new coalit'on w u to be formed (or Me protooti<«of divme right, peoples and nationalities would do wellto keep quiet, and not bring down upon themselves thewrath of Me great defenders of legitimacy. As far southu Rome and Gaett theins^lntirg Influence of tbe newsw u felt, and vuciilatiig eonQdence steadied to dogged1rt sistance. The minor potentates of Germany on this oo Me annunciation. culon. u on * m u y others, smart under tbe ioflictloa ofWe oonfess Mat we view Me termination of this pro- gress—an experiment so nt-w Md In some respects so perilous—wiM feelings of very considerable relief The s-aie of Canada was by no means dtted In ail re- spouts for a royal visit We o not believe that there extaa in Canada at Mis moment My considerable feeing hostile to Mo British oonneotim, but though on very good term* wiM Me mother eeua try, toe two proviboes. Md the t*u aatuxa which im. .in tht-m, * e on very ill terms w<th each otber. The contest f v political power Is unusutlly keen,Lamoriciere had been created a Romas aoble, aad a medal struck tn his honorof Me said statesmen. On the other h u d , Louts Na- THE WABSAW CONFERENCE AND THE ATTI-TUDE OP AU8TRIA.Prince Metternich had explained to Me Preach govern- ment Me present policy of austria. Internal reforms would be carried out in all sincerity, aad, as regards ex- ternal matters, sbe will maintain her line of defensivebe't'g made an accomplice to local Md party iquabbies,from whtoh, in ordinary propriety Md fairness, men o."every op nioa amuid have cjuibined to ke«*p htm stu-dicis) aloof It is b o w e r , very projasle that the"rune-sand goo* sense BBOWB In resting the Ins-lenta the world, Ma* are negated in trade net ween America and sugar dwtotton of tbe Orangemen at Kingston re- city who receive Me capital, of the number of sharehold-BbgMae, twe of Mem aettves of Continental karope. who sjwnt Metr lives aad amassed taetr fjrtnnes la America, Md Me ottwr was a aattve of Me North of Ireland, who Mtms WMB yoasg la L'vs-peol, sad wtM bto brothers hsudsw Ma largsM BagliM Md Amerioan houses existingclined Me interview altogether, if it could have been done without any great cdat.Regarding Me uticipatioos of Austria for Me restora-tion of Me Boly Alliance there are many symptoms tounless the great Powers agree beforehud on acimmoa programme, of whioh Mere is little likelihoodIt w w denied that Austria had Informed Ms EaropeMMd iMiipn Does ant Me lustre of such m-n Md such far • s. owtehhM Me MBMS. Me titles aad Me deeds ofTBS PiliaGE OF WALKS.lieved Me Pi luce irom other and stt 1 greater uulicuiiies. Knowing bow large a jortton of Me population of. New York omenta nf Irish Rom in OMholtos, tbe oisM among Me people of Me United ftetot most nostue. or we hope we may My alone hostile, to Great Britain. reo.-em*te.'lng a'so how tbe minds of these men murt to Innamed bv Mo present position of Me Pope, aad toe tnuinoreot Mtl*ade whtoh Rngtond hasas-umedtowardshim;eoaaideruigalsothat Me vtor. to New Y <rk was paid li toe very heat if the Prestoeetinl eontest, we confess Mat we were not without misgivings Mat it migntMit Me tekMMtef some party or other to get no aa auti Koglisb temmstrttion la New York, which mist nave ended in a not, and very pr«*tb>y la htoodabed We oo not douot tbM tne caaooes of this danger were very much <.Imtuiaaed by Me arm Stood which was made against tbe pretensions of Me Ora'igeunrn in faoaria. at whatever ex <eose of momenta ry and partial popularttv The ooiy reaily uop «esa it ta- etdent wbteh Ma occurred during Me tour was the con duct of Me mob at Ricomood, the cao'ttl nt Virginia the ttuik u, a^csaaswa u • stem w*i h the Pvwtee SAOMMers who form a company, and then proceed as follows:the agent procures naturalised citizens to act u captainsof tbe intended sla 'ora; tbey are furnished with money topurchase vessels and procure a crew, generally composedof foreigners, who irom their long residence in Me UnitedStates have acquired all tbe appearance aud manners ofAtnertear-s. These people are furnished with Amerioanprotections, pur based irom men really Americans; these Russia; thM sbe was desirous of a second edition of theBre«laointerview;thaiPrinceGortohakoffharboredan intent on 'f malfun a no.e against tbe French Oabinet on «<t onnt of its lukewarm and wavering attitude in Me Oriental question, and of mowing the Emperor Napoleon that it mo ely depended upon Russia whether a great cotendencies of public opinion in the country over which herules. In those circles of Rossis at all to be tocen intoaccount, public opinion to mom bitterly opposed to t unotion of u Austrian alliance; and whatever may be Maoifierenoe of parties at Moscow and St Peters burg,tbeyare*allunitedinMecommonhatredyt their ungrateful neighbor As far u external policy been, or may be. accomplished in Italy ( t« concerned, Me programme of Nichols*, in whica theSpocalB V u t t oMatlBMfreesarmthe VVaues u> Auaexscmrrrom toe London Gk>oe. Oct IS Ii tbe newspapers Me fate of >ar Prince"protectionsareShownwiMtheship'spapersatMeonetorn t<oose, u d Me vrasel is cleared out u bona fl leAmertoaa, generally proceeding to tbe Havana, where toewater, smve ooppers, MO plaoks for slave deck are reot ive.i on board, u d in many cases a cargo ol rum anamuskets. The slares so procured are indeed generally alltlou w u to be forme) -gainst the second empire orsupply us w i n a untrymen. however, mart tnaaks tMtr aaMeutic to wiM retototeg Me fall flavored l 0>tt, I M afterwarus, aad ta real IM) 1MB act la Me invention ef Me Aaw^toaos,landt-o in Cuba, Mough there are strong suspicions as to Me destiBMioe of some; but here we have the point of Me wedge—a Have trade conduc ed by the agency ofJoist stock ot mpules, furnished wiM Amtricau capital.not. People say that the Kmp*ror of Russia himself had allowed bis regards i,or the saiety of Poland to convince bim if the solidarity ot the European revolution; that Alexu ler, en Me score of that country, had resolved upon prohibiting the extension to Hungary, &o These u d mat y other commentaries are volunteered by poll tteius upon Me event af Me day, Md for the charac- terization of tbe present condition ol Europe it would be abunoantiy sutiictont Mat Mere are apparently some grout, ns or other to be alleged In support of each of thosesolidarity ot conservative interests stood at Me bead of the list, to. in Mis second half of the nineteenth century, dtacoontenauoed,even by tne Russian nobilitf themselves! rue nobility, u well as tbe liberals of Me countrv have been pervaded by tbe conviction MM the programme of Nichotos went tor to ewtruge Russia from Its own pur- p< se and render it sesvicable to Me aiaas of otoer Pow- ers. To SMist Austria for Me mere sake » cjnanrva- tism is an Idea wnioh would be branded wiM general oon tempt.the * *vastfbrte To tell to- trota. tola aoausatioa to not mora para- doxical nor more ..nj >at Man Mat brought against mr own recent artel* In what way. we would uk of a<l honest met, esn tbat artlete oirturb Eu-ope and nrereut it tram attest perorating the unties imposed on it by social solidarity un the cam of itsowarafetyf"' s e eThe eenqueror of <toireriiHi f.itn'Ml ti hi" irrfperial programn *•, u < truly wort- v o' the title of •>-»« easer, ofopiuiouih:i»"athirdu>aoaerofarrugiug•B.tters •as pract c«t»le fT« auo-ptvu l^tmbaiy. whioh Au»iria, aoi'iii (!:• / t.. usage, sou d transfer to noun Oit r^aao".Prom this peoulmr ensBMMxttma of clrauatotanatw may or so good u ally. Divioiog Me Mtore u d origin of Me be easily explained Me teeming contradiction nf English BaaMW grievances Louis Napoleon, at Me Oral, strove to policy Although by DOgseaus averse, It would appear, ward off Me effect of Me Warsaw OwJOrWM hy M adroit t. the idea of a guropean coalition against Napoiene. Me rountotmore. Being aware of Me wishes of Russia for British Cabinet have, nevertheless, Mought It tatoOMlble some time put running n the direction of a congress, lor Mem u> inks part ta ugsaou te Mo Wwww OouteraaM, where arovtaiw of Me Para Truly of IUM might ho ud, although coquetting wiM the Italutn Bevulutio", effected, be bw now commenced moving a ptoao' Mto tt» y are stti. unable f > conceal their attempt to e<><ne to nature lo Me foreground of his diplomatic game uundeisteuditgwiththelegitimatePowersofF.iropeindividually.CHINA.The steamer Oondua, which ww conveying overdue China mails, awt wiM u accident to tor iTHE LATE8T NEWS IMPORTANT PROM TBB CHINESECAPTCBB 09 TWt TABC sX*BT0 BT TBTB AIXOW. % Ixmoon, Nov. a,The China mails are not yst received, but the tad SMW M band of Ms taking ofTHJ. ITALIAN QUESTION, bwofsanvaastonaaddryAMtortiuMefMrMotherCeg itthmtmartwherethekwmmawimal,mhtoaitnowaimouOpinionsoftbeFremctoPiess—Via^oleonsuppositions.The German journals are unanimous In pronouncing tho•n to tbe serving sp of facta wtM ibat peculiar transat Mrarr ASM betn tmktm to vuii ff there at a piaee jmUy BJBBJBMM nf lafbiobos aad) BMMMMI swahal nrg-'—I oawMu to the fsshwns of JfegiOtou* and MeW awrreiyB, itlis. influence In Me Orient Kuesis, consequently, does net s w k for alliances laooBSonano with the-rtes or pre d iirctions, but only oarea (or Me irlendship ef M we wbo ma> be usefully employed In Me furtherance of its para mount in teres t Bag tend having refused to outee to trrms respecting Me heir loom of tea teak maa, rraapa is appealed to for tbe same purpose u d Mto eapeciallrTbe Berlin National Gazette toys MM M Wwww sot Ms slightest aemoLstration eyas Bads to Ms i ranch pro- gramme.AUSTRIA.The Paris Preste asserts that Me sovereigns at wunited in promising assistance to Austria If M at-hh-wblch ooosttwM Amencau tsm la spirit aad txprtt the onto preehtce of r«rgaato, to ruteiealg mM for jow- MMSMaa M Me draary ptamatiom of (A- Southtne Peatt-emnaver of B a r o p s , He. Our own opinion ta Mil:—We My that, u long ta there {*rom Me Paris UOuMltuttoaaai, semi official J to areoni Me legitimate Powers of Europe a single quesef htoteaatag yesterda* •» wet' edtMotiaafa eargtsaaMMoa, Me temperament moat Mas Mto tgeea:x<w>s.,aad tMo htm Me paths ol SMMSare Moatmoved; u d Mis from the Inherent necessities of the case even were Loato Napoleon out u adept In availing him self of the seal side of hto opponents.t,ms. Prince Gortsohakt.il is hi ttorto uasuoceasful ta hia attempts at dsrivtog support from hto rapprochement to Prsnos. Md sow MM PreMh troops.have been sbliHMd to Syria without a similu triptedulgartaSPAIN.MarshalOOMMII,iaCortesonMeMM,reiteratedMatSpate had resolved to, remain uutral la Ms affairs ofrfWHns out theas long words, "or- Be bas gamed wbat no Me CMacqalro hy living at homolatter seems to think he ta going to be cheat wiM reference to Ms affairs of Italy, Ma well•xMg" Me oMraeiwr of MS PrlaeeeauroWtoM s*bly praised. Md indicates la b« ItovM H«i eadtns ta a river of the vast dimensions of wniohteljeontraaictorp, and in Us efftct upon the other Powert and Me show of a deliberettoa with Me allies of 1816—must be productive of similiar ambioutties and vm iUations, all MMB are eweamaiBBeea whtoh, la the peraliar oom-begetting in their turn to many pretext* and points of oontaet piK-etK* of affairs, may be easily Interpreted u ao many resolved to observe a strict neutrality in Me affairs ofnothing ta Europe OM fiv» Me faintest Mas IB MB tort am, was, ac.vie ting to He tas seen th-we wonders of Ma world. Me a sga'nM Me side snsas and grow lakes of Norta Amur ton, receding Ma behind tew **Ihssof oar rnaes" Ms oMer, toe voyager M ted, without being aware jf Mw change, into Me very heart of M Immense BSfare Me hotel Md oontioent from waft IawrMM he has pa-sed to tM , eom^tw^atary altosteM to *• Oil remote dissawtppi sad thaace It Me toaotital Muks of 2?"tod " LiMtoiiag " railing M swttMg a grasp of Me Ohio, and toe ereseed te a railway oar tM lofty range of nioMMlM which divide Me eartern irem tm westora waiara Above sit, a* hM BOMMe Mighty natarant, Mat solitary prodigy of aature whtoh sha bas msde no attamotamuld proceed to Rome on a mismoa, hat MM Spate w wMUv tenet ity our readers, ma» a»» •* 0 M A M " m t o ' • U ' U e D u g " a s a l o s o a m * f •>•sad Mr Itoagiaa,eaa«Mates far ted •'>•« ^7W». •b«a*t ttoee IPT'nee could pt««i»l nppracutf) • - " dm<wewheretorival -tutBeside*anderyondMemajestic nsfM«t •' nature as developed in a new world tM r>toe-! n«a »k i -OWJ«*opoortiDiiv, tboufD neo'issariiy nrtefaodCoetradir.tory sa such conenet may appear M tM first 1ThtobeingMastateofMags,aadMMbecauseRussia la a> yet by no meaaa uneuy concerning the eventuality of a Polish rebellion, wo cannot bring ourselves te MaMU-r a gull M 1(,og as the whole Mated Of Urtat Britain gTese On tbat point tbe eloquent writer did not hesitate.Me loyalty of Napoleon towards Me SpMteh government. the lot or in the Mast— fiuaian policy mutt be uncertain and . Msned horror M Me overthrow of, a Bourboni: Mrooe- Marshal 0'Ooaaell announced lo Me Senate Mat ROMAthrew Me enemy, Whose courage was greatlv Interior tooommunicatioos the attitaue which Me Kiug s governtion could not be considered u simply lo.ial, bat that Itbinding Louis Napoleon down to bis word rheerrntu-lined to exercise on Me situation of Turkey and the rela might he provided lor by an extension of existing agrae- In France, but Me Minirter of foreign Affairs had pro-ing either with Me north or with Me revolution.allowed to be taugat. The light is Jeaioual.v barred out which signed tbe treat> of Paris realdiog at Oo stool mo A correct a, preoiatioo of the teak of Prasem will li- Tbe voice which would speM to him aa a man te put u pie. His Ms>sty's legation, not having received that rect the ttetesmen of this country to desert neither Silence. He mute uot even be enabled to read Me word commnnicatton, the King's Minister demanded explana ittiglana nor Russia on this question; bat, on the contrary, of God. His immortal spirit to systematically crushed li- TB, aim Men doubM were verbally expressed by tbe in harmony and conjunction with Austria, to persevere Sucn is Me dreary prospect which the Prince Is invited Porte u to Me legitimacy of our pretensions 1 immedi- tn their previous attempts to bring about a solution uC^tntotie AT«r*<>r»a7e for the publication of false newsIa return, of oourse, every effort has been made, u dshall continue to be made elsewhere, to gratify the amis to contemplate—Me American view of the institution ately gave orders to General Durando to reply cste-gori 8 tisfactory u possible to both partiesStill, what lurked unseen in Mat Invitation is matterfor earnest u d paiutul consideration. It was not a a a pprovai ol a w r y in the abstract which Moee gentlemenwiibed to win from tbe beir of England They have ita'reUy— it is Melr own Institution—and he can neitherprolong it nor abridge it; but Mere to anotoer ques-tion arising, to which no doubt their thoughts wereturned; now % little cloud no bigger M M a man'sbud, but none can tell bow soon it may turn intoa dangerous tempest It is no secret that a powerfulsection in Me slave States and in the Southern new terrttones are determine l upon a revival of Me slave trade communication of embwressiuente, or as an occasion forTbey argue that iluvr soil Is unlimited, Mat ihey wantlabor, and only labor, for a most rapid and astonishingdevelopement of wealth; but that their supply of iabir islimited, that tbe African raee is raised to Mat stage ofcivilisation and intelligence which will ultimately renderIt capable ot receiving, Christianity i>jr subjection to whitemen u d that a traffic *h ch thus produces mutual bene-fits ought no looser to be suppressed In deference to mistaken philuMroptc sentiments, besides the mi dental whet, unuer ordinary alrcu -•stances, the assembly of a beaming of this great acctrsionof power to the South uponexclusion from Me Conference, for Me business of whichmany of their statesmen, it is well known, feel a specialpredilection. Yet, Mrougb all the fogs and mists ob-scuring Me situation, there is something like land—good*injects apportioning peculiarly to the internal pnlrics of tbe (Jniton States; and it is much to be feared Mat tley are a great deal nearer the attainment of their object than wcords ei her wiM the feeing, Me opinion or the dignity of '.his country The machinery is ready to theirEuropean Congress mifhl be considered advutble Nodoubt tbe conduct ot tBeKlnirot Piedmont bar assameun Olaraotei not only in a«ntraveniion of all la*s of interLa n ua! right, but of the very forms and regu'ations bywbicb the ooexiBience of lude.icndent States ha^ >eeu ren sults reaped at Warra -, and MM the Conference will policy. Tbe present armaments and concentration of dered a possibility Na doubt it might be politic to nutU g Me slave trade by Joint stock companies, detonated "Expeditions to Africa," principally formed by some of Me meet respectable firms in the Havana, and also at New York, Bwton ]and New Orleans, and even ruruist us wiM tbe names of one of the principal agents in tbe latterFrom such a spot every humane Md intelligent traveller turns aside wiM invincible repugnance, aad we eaa hard- ly regret MM MOMwan were so ill Mvised as to turn aside from their path to come la contact wiM this aboml- BMtoa should have bad a specimen of Me quality of a population that subsists oa Me buy teg aad selling af hu-Ve OMaot doubt Mat Me Prince of Walm ton BOMla MeourseofbistourmanyMingswhtohwlIheofMe ateaoM advaatage to btm ta Me M M of hto future Ufawhether toe POM.Invested with Me twofold cto hot artmttr weight with the Mtitnan Cabinet than tho Xapo- ramen t,' saw Me Prince tor a M ease—some idea of MS vast scale on which nature ooa ractor of Peat ff M d Prtece, would consent to reoog- Umtc quetiion—at Vma at the character of Russia t relation white psssisg vbrougb ito. LoeW, bw energy ducts tor operations. He toe wowed a stormy ocean, to nite tne exclusively political jurisdiction of Me Oon to 2>%MNopoUon is enttrrJy •ieptnient upon the attitude of"• M r a r M M M e s t a r t o a r f r t o a d o f C M N S W T O M itai in bis ositmaM ef our futureAustria ban lost all right of intervention ia Italy; M d tion of lesser weight than tne Napoleonic, each conferencePrau e, who bad made war for an Idea, c mid not, with will be foiled te ito vwy birth by having a wrong dimgcx d poljjy sad sound morality arrogate to herself a oulty presented to It for discussion, and by uptring toright whi h she had resisted ia MOtoer. It was MM Me solution ol a special ubject instead of tbe greater and from the fact of its military p«»w r having assumed su-ihHsrof Albert Idward, Priace ef Wales, to of ,tve order, Md Mere to a timl Hty about him shrms from OMtaet wiM a largb saeh aa Mat which surroundedttat. to promdte a compromise wbich was becoming nr seat Me pamphlet appeared which to now inerlmtnatoo. Par from raising new ototaeiea to Me meeting or Me oou irees for wh.oh ad tarope W M anxious, Me M i t e de- monstrated its pressing ne&Mity Md eaOMVored to ta- dlrateapracticaleWutton. TMreta,inieed,a wmal sifllneity in Mw compromise It was to knowmere general one By Mis (Btol defeat Me vary poMi lormidable proportions sinoe Me secession of Louto Na-J t o a i t b i M .oddity of I M lewetMSing • u l i e m y l u f ' B w r ' e n . nf ssMMWdsBtog 'Ae mn'tu emd pntttxeal wtewe- ant in. ut.ro iari> »ud wubout reserve of any sort, rn- glance- the o*u«-- oi the eattpa netoBB Must to u<i<ht for belie! MM the Char will be prevailed upon by Me negotl-^ a b assetAaaerte%a nuw-nersGtoewfeeti raw PrMes m fotlowe<i »v Miw 7 > k. r- •t> la M erttieitm to rather as -err, <m»*WMSMIMAM-Areader m r t a Uu scAtol ot ttaUtmen am* the gave up to Pwn.i-iit tow prise ol our ixsiimou titx-i'* >Dthe etu dition of Kuropw, rather Maa te Me Ossleoees of silona at Warww to took with a mere favorable eye upon Untitled DocumentM***tg o{ pmHowtfher* d« In* »--«,•, wb*w>-*>-r ue WP«t, at Ij* •a'Di i..... li • a,4d«, known to K'lruuw tb ; generous K-.#.teb ponci* It u tbe gwuiaat or opposite poi - of Mat toe laureate of hto Hapsburg neighbor. TM real qaw eac-ir* "—" •«> taw Ma e# wr,.C"< are buguma or Mw mM!*** ..f e- admit .o disinterested H > did not ooooe*l ot Rirs-a The presf nt art-.on of British statesaien to, ilea at issue to, ant whether u siltoaw to to to O M•'abinrt thitikt itself trvvled to be treated m Out matter likethe greatTHE[From Me Berlin National Zeitung,—liberal ] Austria is certainly not in a position to appear at War- th» (••imsvn P r c M - R u > i i s n foitvjr i n raw lo a commanding attitude, or to exercise an < vertomtrt.WAKBAW CONFERENCE.question in conjunction wito tbat of Italy.Its Pnrputei stna its liesuIts—Opinions oftlie Eait—KmMtrrMimsat of tita Ficmn Emperor, «S»i-whelming iniiuence over Me policy of the two Northern Powers. Yet Me very fact of Me Warsaw Conference bemg convened, and Me Emperor Francis Jow ih forming one of its number, did not fail to attract Me notica of Me public in an unusual-degree No sooner had the usemaiy[from Me Berlin KreuxThe principle of legitimacy, ai ways on the defensive,Zeitung—conservativeo r g u . ]Bresiao and B u e n , T opllts andMey wbo participated In Mote conferences were animat ed by Me best wishes for the quiet and oruer oi Europe Yet, whatever ruty be Me t-umber of sas mblita held, they will ooiy serve as an opportunity for the mutualNo doubt tbe moveateut of Italy h u entered a stagepoleon was not altogether dissatisfied with such ideal as holy alliance u d coalition exciting Mo fears of opp'essed natiooalitiM) Md serving u a toil to Me lioeral side of Me imperial standard.ror what puipose h u It been convened? Wmt are the objtr-te of the partiebsets9 And why does England keep aoof from them, although tbe very fact of the interviewshow Mat Me Czar is going te disappoint the EuperorKrancla J<sepb to Me fullest extent. Whatever may be cabinets of her Intention to send M uitistotum to Turin;his predilections for tse prtneiotos of legitimacy, not even on the oontrary, ahe bad reiterated her aasuruoe of pur- a Russian autocrat is now m a potitun to aisregard the suing a purely defensive policy.at Cobltmtz would seeM to justify Me supposiion MM Mere existed a wish on her port to have her views com- municated st Warsaw ? •Count Rechberg bad giran exptonMten to Me diplo- matic corps relative lo the Waraa* interview >• People say that the ooniereiue h u been convened byAustria put the three following questions to R u s s i a - Will your government recognise the facte whlM haveCoblentz—ofoourseCapua had been definitely occupied by Garibaldi's troops.ApplyinsMtoargumwttoRussia'wdWarnw,weareled t<. the inference tlimt at long at the Oriental quetmm toiiTpermitled to Me Mldtors of Mo Cxar, theHe full) tomittoo the sceolute competence of assem »edEurope. W.tn .ingular iaooMtotaooy he to nevertoeteMBOW accused of navtug denied the rights of toe greatPowers, »rr>e»«<t in*tr tears, and discouraged their ef- for the double dealing cleoerneM of the Brnperor of the French hints to the Emperor Napdeem of hto too lrequent neelee* Italy.UiMjis to HunK -ry and Poland. At Me same tine Me nounced against Praroe taking part la any new onanist Prussian u m y . which,is Mways Me most persuasive ar-Nspoieon to reflect upon Me possible consequences of htoCloud u a palpable Indication of an eventual eampaigaold conservative terra Arms—to be seen in the provisionsYet, in spite of all Mis, the opinion has become preva lent oi late Mat Mere will be little, if any. positive re-serve rather to enhance than lessen extstlsg difficulties. troops in VenMla have no otoer objest than for mewling*law that uespoiier oi landr, that robber of crowns, and todeclare bim beyood the pale of ISuropeau luattutions tria, foreseeing the result of the gathering to be more any attack.Should Austria to attacked by Sardinia, sad Me tatter supported by Mother great power, what would bo their attitude?In Me event of Mother war, and iu being transferred to GermM territory, what would Prussia dofThe u s w e r s are not given; but Count Rechberg stated MM Austria w u shout to issue a circular note to its re- presentatives abroad, giving Me result.Ever since Me Crimean war it baa tow the leadingp-incuiie of Me Foreign Minister of Rossi* to regain hia Warsaw Conference a failure.butty > f arn Ivmg at u understanding Is hope lessly re- poleon. However, notsritoMMdins hto M M M exer tacked by Piedmonta« The tuddto sasamptton of a legitimist's mask, Italy Be also protested against Me doucta expressed ofat Me site of Praace, Pruwia ta Me onlyPower M Me OoattnaeMat, tMhere!by alaforced •pee all mteorMUM MM have aires* y the strec gM of Ma MB#IMB|taj arm. Were sbe clever u d determined enough, she Mlgat.ertvetbo mote BsiagJnBaWl advutagw from a pomttoa such M she hM Mt rften Mjcyed ta IBB•totes. But we do not jtt perceive toe icountry te take rank la tbe minds of ourthe sole guiding star ef to»ir policy Ow cannMdtoawver ton wailv to from toe laureate of tegitl- * » y , and Me only basis ol Metr cxartkats—Me nri;cipte whence Mey proceed aad the object M whtah May a n - to oppnslttoB to the ataperor louto Napotoaa oa the m e t * ground of his being sbat he to By no other Power to MB relation to Franoe tooksd upon from w merely a Muora ttoai point of view, hut England, Russia aad Austria, although fully alive to the sesvawHy of pTBtitetog Melr tea?reaia atanat Me eacruaohawatt at Ma (MM muiterpB greatof MM eersref iht*sfy, toe matt Mtowsjiiaa prvdaoiMM in ito u>1.1e*t to BUM Md Ma balance of power n«apoa Me Me side, the resell ef a IMulliM toat KThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069eludto betWMB stawta Md Austria, batwww.fultonhistory.com 