 . ••**&•week.v.-ndent Davi« »y, must soonivintentionof Plenxdkea aacl Ouoty daringa raitoi>TThe Km npon the ocean wave.iWith lovely f«ee is sinking -west;„The srof;the gentle breakers lave, TheseaMestkepiDgatmyfeet,.• Tet not the landscape to mine eye\ Bears those bright hees that once it bore,Tcoogh Lizzi* listens to my sigh, Andchidesmypassionasbefofe,VIthHst'esseyealongtheplaia I see the bnggfes swiftly ride,•AadcoldlymarkthegoWenchain 'OfHsnryandhisy.r>nthfnlbride.T » Hvery scenes, the^bftlmy air, rbesky,theshore,thesurfsofree—ANDTHENGIVESHIKMfrfjr>fli>ly>: We.have tried the experiment M ^ 4 0 / ^ h*wise. Our plan has been to add the sugar at an ew ' stage of the fermentation, and the sulphite soon after- ward,sadinsomewhat largerquantitythanherere-the neceeeity of lifting water from weUe ex.V* v;oonii?oa neavT. almoet every farm in the ccuntry, and uyonthe Commands* ratsto farai&hion between ilh-«)r*ofthearrived about :. with the in- ***b» Amoor«d the rwstof againtoEog* monthsana*w*H known a t aticee, I should *ber volutne ©j*p«n, andthe/ pencil a*dTV jessing on* of the oommn- Mormons, o r and data on the' taw history. nta have re. are ta'ked of >ns came into iris. A s they aIsadingeast-•is. wagons, and en-*oflfre**.thepH. >f re-**." Some theiriourneyofieralcompany kettle*, p^ts, been two births' ireloudintheirof -emigration; known t b «pushing over rivers, woukl subjects o f her ber alreadyar- I notice in Tk& [y.of Scandi-themfortbe *« their friends ling when there mndance, whichwere painfully raisariatdeoart- mforaliberalodtheneglectof <J\andtheextra aey.thns vanishFor the last ingenuity ofthe *d to provide*and the water, •rk-barreL Itia a few songa,. ?n?, and enablety with- smiling •igroundsofthe a-year ago, ar- a» charged with the Aaeisfcant- Si,Louis.The> i rwd t o a r o o m?>r»ziehadbeenOr is the dreary change in me ?Alas! theheartwithyearsgrowncold,-Ho* canitfeelasone*itfelt; T^e tongue with.tale so ofcen told,How can it lizzie's bosom melt ?To weakened ejee each landscape fades;part. Thesoilisgravellya.TM8faidJ' Imanurewills , D. n't rnktaie tulphaie of lime, which <• a natural production, thing goes on so quietly and orderly that one can take West s pump of the ordinary size, as the bees that I f ebe tried in Virginia for the offense acknowledged to and known as plvter of Park, for irorphit*of lime, whdoh.i«a "my comfirt in mine own inn." Its management ia am arcruainted with, it being all iron, not Bable to get land in ridges, ard planted ten .*?*«, ^ u f * fPart;iProbate Conrt ghibyBrighanttbe soft, loamy soil of this valley. The most remark- able'tbircr, however, was that this most important op- erationinfarming attracted sd little notice thatthe pJowbgmatchwasnotwitnessedbyahundredofthe->-c3t»d him -were i tha* place was ,4however,was camp. After a suitagaisstthe*s, asd damage*!thedefendant'* t acd household partwasonthe t*4amotionfor peeintheStaCri K>,that the Mar- j>t i»*ued against > District Court; fosje^stoa of the Territory.The rained,,and ad-. »£ of the Court sat as witnesses, her continuance wit, and also t oimportant w i t - gam on the 5th f the answer t o orament. Yee- le<t in bar, and Wwichledtoar-agrin, t h e allowed the fji for defensepart o f t h e attachment t o' the defendant,The" same coua- •. '<&therulingsofalso hear from Mr. Ganni. our native brother in Tri- no more of him. The lunatic started westward. A t feed-boxec ; proves the rapid advance they are.making in all the useful- exhibition of plowing. [Perhaps the most in ble, then plant three-and-a-half feet apart; if stalksjl*ce shortly.the " Empire Feed-Cutter." made b y Gordon, a t and there are also some very good Suffolks. cut the top stulka; now I cut un b y the ground, aud myher bids fair for being As the day closes, the wea1• 'id Hockaday 'wagons-to :osas or else- *Urn)tythe.^rcbante i n at, aadare• THELIVERPOOL,NEW-YORK, AND PHILAS>KLrHlA shallcontinuetobemadeelsewhere,to!gratifytbefact,andonefor amiablecuriosityofeurgoodcousinstoseethesonola questiontogetcomfoitablebeds,thoughingeneralfor,whichappearstomotoposeesBadvantagesoverfavorableforthecloseoftheFairto-morrow. anyfour-knifemachineIamacquaintedwith,forsim-thegreatestbenefitfromcorn-etalkB,theymustbe chattedandsteamed.A. B. DICKENSON—la answer to the gentleman from Vermont, how to improve poor land, is to sow rye and seed to clover, and feed it off with-hoga. A l l manure put on the surface tells; there is no mistake ha thevalueoftop-dressinganyland. Astofourtunsof hay per acre: I did eu<- lact year ten acres, aud had, four tuns per acre, well cured a n d pressed and soUL In this there is no mistake, and all from one crop.JTodgBVe,I°*^ water,and'8emptieu- cropforgrain«^dfodd*»r*">*•Wuablethan«SJrTfKEW-YORK DAILY ^RiBtlNE, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, I860.lilLMENTOFANAHTIQUATBDBKA€tI^ MURDERERWANDRR8SIX•-;.^i ••! ..eleepiutf-cars general y is want o f v«au%tiba. Whsre .that i s dependent upon passengers keeping the vent-. To feeble pulse the heart's a stone; And Art with vain assistance aids '• •Abosomooldasfrigidzone.bis name was Samuel Stanley, and that he is charged withmurderingaMr.Peyton,inCableConnty,va. He tacitly confessed the homicide, in stating that it was causedbjbis.havingdiscoveredPeytonincriminal connection with his wife, and by saying that ha did notNEW-YORKSTATEFAIR.begin tocomeio ingreat numbers intheir own vehicles men cf Elderberry Wine, made by Alfred Speer, Pas- requires a good deal of labor, but not so jaach as and I have no doubt will find much to'interest and im eaio,N. J. Although I do n|>t approve of growing carrots. ' . « * ' provetheirminds,butintheirexpectationsofashowhedgerowsofdderbushesaroundfarms,Imustsay JOHNF.PETTIBONKofManchester,Vt.mj'.<*••. fine of cattle they will be sadly disappointed.Sc*ep*ri, Sept. 18, 1360.stock. The advantage of cut up corn stalks 'depeudV thfyk bis punishment would exceed a short term in the The weather to-day has been so favorable, com- were expected to arrive last night, but they have no doubtedly posseeses a medicinal quality which makesit upon how much grain is left with the stalks. Corn •LETTERS'fSiHi ARIESAMERICANIN SYRIA.MISSION-Penitentiary. Be stated that he badworkedonthe Black and Chippewa Rivers in Wisconsin, and had beeninMinnesota three years,althoughhewasana^ tire of Ohio, and had a residence there when the murVparedwiththecontinuousdrizzling, coldrain allday on Monday, that all parties connected with or in- terested in the State Fair,are quite buoyant with hope.come,andnow Iseenohopeofthe stalls bring filled. Has that bugbear of pleura pneumonia frightened the ownersof neatstocksothattheywi.l notbringthemvaluable,andthisofMr.Speerfs hasbeen pronounced stalksforfodderJconsiderequal toarassatIItunsof a little superior to any other manufacture. hay per acre, when the corn will yield 40'or 5u bushels .Thereareagoodma^ysamp!eofdomesticwine,of peracre. Theso3of ourcornland'isdeterioratedbybeing blown away in Winter, and washed away badly,*From TheBottom TraveUer, Sept. 29.1 -•.-.., / ?resent month,ecity tho digni-aodorderedthehicb-was a veryIe4astheyhVd. thatthereturnofthepeopletotheirh>mesmustbeAsylumatMadUon,inthatState.Hewasaphysi-fcome in to-morrow morning will probably briog inmany things, and there may be many more entries, as peop'e, bntit finally cleared away handsomely, andin Articles in Floral and Fruit Hall 242; Miscellaneous Articles, loam—a good soil. I prefer a two-year clover lay,We male further extracts from his letter:From The Cleveland Plain Dealer.Mr. PLUMB of Onondaga^—My soil is a c'ay, gravel, manured with twenty loads of manure per acre, and"Thereji*vetnosafetyforaChristianiaSouthern Lebanon, and the Druses are yet to be punished, so365—TotsJnumberofentries,2,478. ] .;. ,• * ^ * "•MPH«>nn" ^^^^•^^sssr^T ('HR..,-. . ,.B UIJW»'»'From Th4 8t. P*«i Pioneer, 1 W mlLThurscVy afternoon a man oarne to the jail la this city, and lrquired for the Sheriff, aid. on being told thathewasconfined tohisbed(onaoountofhislabor easier is o f vital im -orttNaoe j- Hesaid: If no* Sot 40 bueheU per acr9t r think I get a poorcrop, -talks, I Aboutayearsinceagentlemanintheinteriorofof Chemung, although the nutab*r of entries on the favorable. The unpromising appearance of the weather books indicate an abundance. . The visitors -who will this morning has doubtlees kept back a great manyH E MARRIES A RICH WIDOW.d YEARSjjuicesatanydesiredpoint,thatwafeefbaaedtooom- forthfromtheirnostrils. TTnoworstf*ultwiththe whichdo,orshouldaitr&otuntv*rsalCtterrtioa,saaoe £{" *$* bJ»,andhasr«s-dashighas69or79several contrivances for filling aed emptylog the "bio! p lthhuIe oekenbucket,"ssitisoperatedbyawiudlags. The late accident.) be w«nt away, but r*iuroe4 sgau be- commended. The sugar-makers add the Bulpbite as -wftfw ° • ^conveniences withoutgnuiUli;S«. one which appears to me the be/t which I have exam-fore dark, and finding Deputy Sheriff MUlw/he toldmm that be was charged with the .commission ofamurder some six years ago in TOrtfiaia, and that sincetbenhehadbeenawandereranddesiredtodeliverhimself up, and to have notice of his detention for-warded to tbe officers of the law in Vu^inia. Afterhaving his interview with the Sheriff his request wascompliedwith,andtheSheriffwroteyesterdayto%rtable orheabby. .AthotelsVaiatimelik^tHs' P*f>' Wau«e jeninorary, but s'eeping-cars are becomiog aVirginia, notifying the proper officers. H e came into nnp proceed until the liquid attalna the right taste t o ant thenthemiddleoftheday,whenthesunshownbrightly, itwasalittletoowarmforthecostumeusedinthe uniteremotefromthepresenttime. Theyhivenoth- cianbyprofession,andwa4agentlemanofsuperior Itookfromthebooksat3o'clo&k,andIknowmany morning,but.itisnowcoolenoughtomakeovercoatsand woolen shawls very comfortable to the. thousands who have'to ride home by moonlight.Wisconsin became insane, and was sent to the Lunaticthebooksremainopentilt11o'clockTuesday.The count which I made—something over 1,900 entries—ELMIRA, Thursday Evening, Oct. 4,1860. Thishasbeenanunfavorabledayforthepecuniaryplowedsixinches,andharrowedandmadeveryfine.Icultivation and of remarkably prepo88e8sing, appear- were made after that.plantthreefeetapart,andcultivatewithasteelculti- interests ofthe State Fair. The weather gave indica- vator, and cut un from the ground, and think the etaOfc*-tions of rain early in tbe morning, which began to fall worth ae much as a good hay-crop. I have counteding to eat jsxoept what they receive from charity, no Tbe contrast between this Fair and the first one held clothing, and no shelter. Should toey return home to- ance. Hewas about 30years old. Some six weekstion of sulphur is to obbtmct the farmentation by ab- sorbingcxygen,andtherebypreventingtheelunina-toafford a d*gr*b of comfort in accordance with their importance:by ^ P* Avery, Norwichj N. Y.,particulariy in theKrom Our Own Reporter.ELMIRA, N . Y., Tuesday Evening, Oct. 2,1860.It does not appear to me that half, that have beenthat while slovenly farmers doj let them grow, I have' p'rience in cern depends upon the soil. I never tow noobjectiontoconvertingthe.fruitintosuchbever- cornforfodderwhenIhavegrassenoughtokeepunrbefore noon, and served to keep back the great crowds expense at $8 to $10 an acre to raise a crop. It won't Although the crowd has not been ai dense one in the which is usual upon this d a y o f t h e exhibition; T h e pay to hoe much. I have grown 180 bushels o f ears latedbyatvagewarfare. Therearenohousestoshol quitea sumofmoney, havingnosuspicionofhisin- Thatjwaainanopencommon,withoutstallsforcattle, show-grounds at anytime to-day,it hasbeenquite attendance,therefore,hasnotbeenasgood as yeater- peracre. Wedon'trai?eanycropasvaluableascorn, large,enoughforthecomfortofthevisitorsinFloral day,andveryfarbelowThursdaylastyear. Itisandwedoraise,godwheat. Ifoddered150sheepmorrow taey would go in utter deetitution. Think of ago he escaped from the Apy'.um and went to Chicago. by the New*York State Agricultural Society, which 100 000 people settlixg down at once in a country deso- There be encountered an old friend, w h o loaned him was at Syracuse in 1841, is worthy of par'icular no i?e.terthemftomtheetorasofthecomingWinter. They tanity. Withthismoneyhesuppliedhimselfwith orbuildingsforsma'larticles,andwithoutmuchorder haveno teds no clothing,not an ounce offood,no newandelegantclothing, andstartedf>rLapwte,In- orgopdresults,exceptasitplantedtheseedwhichhas cookingutargils,noimplementsofhusbandry,nocat- diana,athriftyvillageonthelineof.theMichigan producedthepresentgrowth,andgiventotheState, tle, sheep nor goats, no mu'es, camels, horses, eeed, Southern Railroad. He remained tbere long enough to indeed to the wbole couutry, an impetas in agricultural wheat, bailey, nor lentilee; nothing stored for Winter win the affections of a young and wealthy widow, and improvement'that can hardly be measured in our ordi-•asusual, aad nothing to look to but foreign charity, w»s married toher. During the brief courtship he-ex- nary nuthod ofcalculating dollars and cents.and then, ia addition to this, wbo i s to care for these hibited no signs of lunacy, but shortly after his mar- Little, almost no preparation or expense was giventk&usdnds >f widows and orphans and familiesof which riage he commene d conducting himself in a manner to the accommodation of the first exhibition, and some•here is no male rurvivor 1 W« are n o w distributing which Brartled aod shocked his wife and. her friend3. of the structujes of later years have been deficient in are quite equal to Syracuse the yeir bufore, and that, grounds, potwitbstar ding the rain, and waa partici- planted fourteen acres laet Spriag on aravelly loam,dailytoneirly10000ofthemostneedyrefugeesabout Amorgothermadfancieshebelievedhewasasheep, manyparticu'ars. Now,aaI have before seated;the thepeopleof thissmaller.townconsiderquitesa'isfas- as. I give my wbole time to tbe w<rk, and Dr. Thom- and insisted upon crawling around on his handsand accommodations are of the very best order, and nearly tory. .Theoharac.er and general appearance of the feet, bleating in a most absurd manner. H e would all things in readiness to receive the articles before crowd of visitors, and the earnest manner evinced by eon ancT'D?. van Wyck are busy in the hospital depart- then fancy himself a rattlesnake, and make frantic at- they begin to come in. The Secretary, Col. Johnson, them to see and commertupon tbe quality of the stock,ment. W o have some hired acents to assist in the tempts to bite members of his household. The uu and the General Superintendent, John ETarrold, cannot and the uses of machines and tools, is enough to con- work,and twoofthenative Prot<8tant8,BrutusBis- happylady,atlengthwornoutwithwatohinghimand beppckenofinterms of too high commendationfor vincemethatthis Soriety is.very certainly doingatanyandA\-Araman,giveagoodshareoftheirtime endeavoringtorestorehisreason,madepreparationsto whatltheyhavedonetomakeeverythingcomfortable greatworkfortheStats. Tbereirnooccasion,at>o,iv*United todistributjbgtotheneedy.Mr.FordreurnedtosendhimtotheAsylumatIndianapolis.Butasisfre-andpleajianttoexhibitors,andpleasantandinstructivethesemeetingsoffarmers'laiiiiies,for"armedinter-tbousatdsoffarmerewhowereatthattimepresentatIdon'tknowasshallowplowedlandwills'anddrouthSidononThursday,the23dinst.,andwillnodoubt quentlythecase,insanityhadsharpenedhiswits,and tovisitors. vention,"forthepeoplethemselvesarethebulwarks theexhibition. Theyweremoreintereetedinlooking aswellasdeepplowed,butmybandstandswet,asit have a large business to do in looking after the suffer- he adroitly escaped. W e next hear of him in Syra- Injregard to cattle stab'es, all other societies may of quiet good order, and conduct themselves so that at about tbe meanest sbow ofhCrses ever exhibitedat is not usually underdrained. On a stiff soil you must ing refugees who are now being brought in thousands cupe, N . Y .. where he actually purchased a block of learnl some useful lessons from this exhibition. A l l there is no occasion-.for the services of the Kttle squad any State Fair. And Gov. Seward's Arabian did not plow deeper. If land is made very fine, it stands wetfrom,thevicintyofRashei*aandHasbeiya.M-rj buildings..Thenecessarypapersweremadeout,and theneatcattleareshownbroadsidetothevisitor,with ofpolicewhohavetheirofficewithintheiuclosure, redeemthecharacteroftheexhibition,foritwasanddrouth. IuseAiden'shorse-hoe,audcountitthei:Ajnn,thatlargeandbeautifuldistrictwestofHasbeiya, hewastocallthenextdaywiththemoney. Hewas tberideuponwhichtheyareneedtobringapproachrd excepttowatehthe outsidebarbarians,"andnow lookeduponasarathermeanspecimenofhorseflesh.. bestimplementIknowof Itwon'tpaytohand-hoew h e r e t h e r e a r e s o m a n y P r o t e s t a n t s , i s n o w a d e s o - t o p a y a n o u t r a g e o u s s u m f o r t h e p r o p e r t y , a n d i t i s i n f r o n t , a n d ; t h * y a r e c o v e r e d w i t h a g > o d r o o f , a n d a n d t h e n a n i n d i v i d u a l ^ n o t o f t h e f a r m i n g c l a s s , w h o S t i l l , . t h e a n n o u o c e m e n t t h a t h e j w a s t o b s e x h i b i t e d , c o r n w i t h m e , e x c e p t t o k i l l C a n a d a t h i s t l e s . I e s t i -latiocu. saidthepartieswith.whomhemadethebargainchuck- shelteredupon'onesidebyaclose-hoardedfence._Be- mightshowadispositiontobreakoversomeofthe togetherwithFloraTemplean'dPatebeu,drewabout matethatIget1200moretollsperacr»atthreefeet " Two villages only remain unharmed, and the Prot- led vastly Over the propitious winds that had blown fore the animals came in,all the stables were nicely rules and regulations. nine-tenths of all the people present around the horse-' than three-and-a-half feet; and I get more good cornitiff,' engravingcvAssociation.' estantshaveallfledeithertoSidonorB»yrout.Wethemsoprofitablesndfreshasubject.Buttheysawlitteredwithstraw,andgood-hayplacedreadyintheTheshowofpeoplethatattendedthesefairsdearlytrack.Itwasmoreattractive'thanthemuchmorefromthatwidestapart.Ifthecornisthemostvalua-:,-.S;li. that ihere are no iees than 3 000 refugees from arts of civilization. The standard of the cultivators- of are valuable, pla^t three feet apart. I have grown Buffalo he bargained for an immense am >unt of corn, The. horses: were provided in the earns manner, and teresting feature of that exhibition was the' great im-evici»i:yofB»«lbee,nowgatheredinthevicinity Americansoilisconstantlybeingelevated,and.these fromfifteentofiftvbuihelsperacre,andhadthepoor- are soconxfortablethat there has been a most pemetsnt provement that has been made within a f e w years i nofBeherry.nearthecourseoftheLebanon,andallare tobedeliveredinNew-Yorkcity,andthenproceeded, eficrtohthe<partofownerstosmuggleintheirordi- annualexhibitionsdomuchtowardtheaccomplishment- glows,andtheformandadaptationofplows.toevery estcornwhereIdidthemosthoeing.in great snn -ring. Indeed, it may be safely said that to Cleveland. He arrived here last week, and endeav- nary driving horses to live a day or nVut at free-quar- of such a good purpose. _' .--oredtonegotiateforsomeproperty'onKinsmanstreet,but he talked so absurdly that'the parties with whomind of land, and every variety and purpose of plow- Mr. JAMES GEDDKS, got a good crop withouthoeing; ing. Therewasalsoexbibi'edjwiththeplowsaloco- andthinksthatitwillnotpaytohoecornwherebemotive joad-scraper, mounted on wheels, which tikes,up a load of dirt, and carries i t away and dumps i'< lives in Onondaga County, and it is upon land that pro-thereisnoppotbetween Palmyra onthenorth-east and Tyre ori tb© fcoath-weet, through all that VasLre-ters,"theowners gettingfourticketsofadmissionfor ten dollars paid for the entry. This cheat was largelyThedeterminationofthemanagersoftheSocietyto exclude everything that would have a tendency tohe bnd'in-ervi*w-s refused to treat with him. gion,recentycoiraioingsomanyChristians,whdreaMeanwhilehisfriends,andparticularlyhiswife,inpracticedatAlbanylartyear,asithasb^enatotherToweritscharacterhasaverybeneficialeffect,foritwhereneeded.Itlooksasthoughitwouldproveaducesgoodcorn., •~^•-Christianca»nowliveinsafety,uxlee*itbeinDa- Wisconsin(forbehasawifeandtwochildren-hithat places,andwillbetoasmallextenthere,notwith- keepsoutnearlyallthatportionofvidiCorswhoonly valuableimplementformovingdirtshortdistances, SOLONROBINSON—IplowedbutSpringauoldworn-mascus, under the very eyes of Fuad Pasha. A few S?a\c), were making every effort to ascertain his etaiiding the vigilant eflbrt of the officers to prevent it. attend to, see a balloon ascension or a horse race. Thia such as cellar-digging and road-making. hundredCtristinns stillremaininMoantLebanon whereabouts. TheytracedhimtoSyracuse,andfrom ThereisonewaywhichIthinkwouldstopit: charge wasprovedto-day,fortheracebetweenFloraTemp'eamongtheIYuees,southoftheDamasousroad,but theretothiscity. HisbrotherarrivedhereonSatur- every-horsefourdollarsforentry, andrefundtbe andPatchtntMsafternoondrewon"allofthatclass Mowing-Macranes—Itisinrerestingtoseehowmuch tbeyarein$rtatfear,andeveryCayvheyaremakio« daymorninglast,butfoundthatthelunaticbadlefton money•toallwhichareprovedtoheenteredactually whowereinthefairgrounds,butitdidnotmuch interestisfeltinthisbroochoffarmingtools..Thereout field that had not been plowed before for thirty • years,asdeepasIcouldgettheplow,ancithenrana eubsoilplowinevery furrow,andmanureditwith compost of pigeon dung a n d muck, spread broadcast, and harrowed bu I t waa planted with improved Kingtheir escapeIn emtdl partis to Beyrout. The next greatpolitical moj*ement will no"douot be an attack on theDruses by tile Turkish forces alone, or in eonoectionthe previous evening's train for the West. He followed to compete forfprizes. • - • . lessen the crowd. are great numbers exhibited, and they constantly at- Among the many valuable articles of machinery and The department of agricultural implements and ma- tract a crowd, not of idle spectators, but farmers ready on Saturday morning. A t Toledo he learned thathe improvtd agricul:ural iaaDleooen-s to facilitite the Ubor chines calculated to. facilitate the labor of the husband- seeking useful information. Sherwood's attachment had gone West on the Michigan Southern train, and he of farmers, I can only notice a few new ones, or those man appears to me to be the most important fea'u<e for binding eeems to attract the most interest o f any-Philip eeed, which I consider t h e b»st variety t h a t ! know,, in drills tbree and a half feet apart, running '• , north and south, leaving t h e stalks about t e n inches'• :!)<l Hi1! 51rlmwith the French troops. *The reauh of such an attackwillbeeitiierthesorrenderaaddwarmiogofthe*p*reeveringlycontinuedthesearch.AtAdrianhewhichIhappentosee,andthinkmostnecessarytooftheseshows,andIamgladtoseeagreatcrowdofthingconnectedwithmowingmachines,andisproba apart.ItwasworkedwithaplowandKnox'shorse'alterday,atftnightafter.nyrhi,wewereinthegreat- est anxiety, }n the very agony of suspense, expecting at night neveFto see the morning light againy and spend- ing tlie days with our families in listening to stories of atrocicus butcheries wrich chilled our blood. We did actually planj 'conveiting our mission press into a for-presentedaoemparative^statementof thevaluation of taxable property in the various wards and towns for the years 1859 ano 1860, at the last meeting of the Board. The following table shows the valuation in i860, wi'h the increase over the previous year:•whis'leisopenedwhiihblowsa-'shrill screimtogive warningofdanger.. Oneoftheseengines,offourhorse power,c»nbehadcompletefor$400,andisquiteport- able; or with wheels and geflrifg to move itself, $5C0.the handle,and averyeasy working cawh,whichis openedbyaslightpulluponacord,andth«nsprings shutofitsownspecificgravity,andworkswithgreat eaee to the operator and in situations where it is abso-Steel flows, in some soils, are the most valuable ofall,andoneexhibitedbyKennington,Markham&Co. DickensonofStuebenCounty,wascalled upm,who IthinkthebestoneIhaveeverseen. Itsformandsaidthathecouldtalkofcornandmiscellaneousmat- workmanship areboth superior; thebeam is made ter tconnectedwithfarmingatthesametime;Hewas movable upon the handle so jis to adjust the cut to a glad to see the room so crowded with practical farmers •tree*'hoping,incaseofamassarrehere, tobeableto IVard, Brooklyn. Real PersotaL Total. Increase.A. B. DICKENSON—I think climate h«wjistas much todowithcorn-growingassoil. I kuow ofnobetter union of soil and climate than this valley of Chemung, and I have seen tbe best crops grown here of any partthecounselfor' holdoutwihafewgunsuntilsnecorcouldr^achus ie Jary was im- from the ships i n the harbor, and many were t h e sug-J ••••••••••e.. $5(5-3,225 .. 3.014.5<0 l l l . * « » » . « - » - .. 8 225,450$963287 1.801,996 3,667,770$6536462 4 816 496 11,893,220 5 654 552$57,177 533.001totesttheirle- gallyexpected, oh of the plain- i to the District,except Fieoni- Irizt and ha? n o by take as longtheir appoint- - fer great ioon- * £>d disagr-^eable en particolar in sauy gentlemen*' were somewhat carred, and are, I might nctice (»«ag trea'^d t o 'rtn, w h i c h a r e B :er opens the >y"compr>nxise. imate'atd h^n- *sred, ha* triedt&d pistoi«, and; I be developed •ve U no longer « this present *>ntotheneafs a.better in. the *aasanindica»« be eet down as«ct^d to retara- •edition on the /^raia,totake oppose of pro-C *rson C i r ^ ihe end o f tine • y him. Xoce •iieve one offi- {4%hei. T h eime beeu fit- oat a large Wagons in this ices i n U<ab: e last of the i large freighters t^>at h a d en tfa-y a l l xiatioD, each half tans ofintending r*.doing the character of host.Greenh*ve Inreturn,ofcourse,everyefforthasbeenmade,andandwater. Someof usactually went on boird the * »1. , • vesselsinthejharbor;and-othersweretog%andthis VIIrangement pLshes tho straw forward/and then the box - comes down, making the cutalmost by its own weighs. Itlookstomeasthoughitciu'dbemadeandprofit-ably soldfor$6, and would not be like]ytogetout of rtj-air, aj.'d vhe'knife is easily kept in order.Davis'sself'acting..'accumulativepowerpress,forcbeesf, wine, cider, etc., strikes me as one of the beatstateofalirmandsuspensecontinuedfornearlyafallmonth, until w e felt our strength giving out in this hot •climate, bnt iho Lord most graciously protected us, and we are livitfg to praise him. Does it not seem as thooch this city had been preserved i n t i e provider ce of God to b s a city of refuge to the thousands of poor sufferers? If Beyrout had been destroyed, whit ier could thesetlousandshave fled? W h o would have cared for the thousand widows o f Den- el Komr, the five thousand widows of Damascus, apd the tens of thou- sands o f all ages and sexes and classes who have gath- ered here t Truly, iti*.of the mercy of the Lorrl that this ci»y and Sidon have not been laid waste. Tnelateat1comesupeveryyearinsometew form, claimiogthTM' daeberchurch. FormyuseIprefertheoneexhibited booingcorn,Itbfokitbeethereaboutstowork atfirst attention of farmers I notice oneim ^rovement; which by Mr. Viel, an air-tight barrel, revolving end "over right around tbe hilt o f corn, and that will give it .'.''-'l^ew-Lotts news'frv'mDamascusisthatallth»youngmenofthe Giavesend-.city are t o betaken away to Con8tat>tinopl» to serve a s eckiiers in tbe army. Three principal departments o f t h e M o s l e m q u a r t e r o f t h e . . c i t y ( h e K a i m a r i y e h , t h e Bal Toome, and the Jorah), have bsen evacuated by the Modems a t the command o f Fuad Pasha, and are to be occupied by the Christians.''TfcbRev.Dr.W.M.Thomson,ina letter dated Bevrout, Aog. 29, corroborates the statements as to destitution and misery among the people, and, amoag°^*Wbar^no^pendingforfood,clothing,bedding shelter, hospital, and soup kitchen atthe rate <***?' 60,010piastres($2000)aweek; andyetweseemto make little impression on the mighty mass o f misery around us." V Mr. Jessup has the enormous business of dirtribtting for bread t o about 6,000 persons daily, and two of our native brethren have the daily distribu- tion to about 2,5t0 poor. Tbe Enghsfa merchants de- votemuchofth7irtimetoourcommitteemeetings, and cheerfully help in manaeiug the large financial fcusinees connected with this vast charity. T h e lands are, as yet, supplied almost exclusively b y t h e prince- ly liberality of the people in England/' it Not a Chris- tian can yet return tO;his habitation, to begin the work of rebuilding and preparing at :east o n e room before Winter. Not a family has secured its silk crop or har- vest. Even the figs and grapes are all lost to them and -onlees farrnOrohaote is made, the olive crop will he lost also." " A t present everything here is uncer- tain. N o hurjan sagacity can predict the end o f theoe thiols. The French are landiog enormoos stores and579,157. $4,809„056 $1,205,525The wooden beam is also*attached by a movable ad- being propogated by Dr. Presbury of Buffalo, whow i l l n e v e r e x h a u s t t h e s o i l .Mr. PKTTIBONE of Vermont thinks th».t In his State he. would have to plant corn on side-bills or not at HIL and without manure H e wants to know how. Ver- montfarmersaretotop-dresstheirbind. Imanureda pieceoflandandploweditdeep,andplantedwithcorn, aud did not get tw«;n*y bushels an acre, while another person just noszled over a piece adjoining and got forty bushelsperacre. Iploweodlandsothefurrowsstand upedgewise,andgetgoodcrops. Ihaveseencom K'own in a great drouth by working it seven titree. • What I want to know ishow to calti«ate a poor farm so as to geta living. I stocked down com land with ten pouxds o f clover-seed and a peck o f timothy, and cot nineteen loads from four acres.> Wr. PKTKBS—I saw on Mr. Butteruelde farm at Utiea where h e made great crops o f hay b y surface manuring,andIwanthimtosayhowmuch.JI d o not think they expect to leave in'six mouths." f creater delicacy of feeling and consideration for the po- The letter speaks also o f the great number o f widows eition he occupies in England, though without theand orphans; o f one friend who h »s nine widows in£ s ianSyTof another who has five; aod of the nu- slightest surrender of their own claims to independence^aTfimale children who are.orphans, toe males ofaction. Theyhavealllookeduponhimas a guest, ££h,g many of them been slaughtered. and resolved to treat him as Bucb, but without over-field.Straw andStalkCuttersbeing; ' *also among t h eImost all the classes, but the iotal is a disgrace to the State.in the bill, and reap the benefit. I plant 3J feet apart, and hoe once, and then cultivate b y a horss-hoA, a n d • by a double mold-board plow. I plow deep in the Fall,andshallowintheSpring. Uptotwoor threefound and captured him, and took him home. ', call the at<ention <f farmers to for their interest. practical men are of the same opioion, and are devoting bly the greateet labor-B<iving injvention that has been Whennotinhisrabidfitsfewwoulddiscovertheun- Tbeverybeetthingintbi<jlinethatIsee,isanat- agreatdealof'theirattentiontoth*eethings.Tcon- made£rautomatonraking,sejveralplanafor.whichfortunate man's true.condition. H e would make veryabeurdpropositions,andofferexorbitantsumsof tachmenttothesteameogices,builtbyWondofUtica, tinuemynotesuponsomethatmostlyattractmy-areexhibited.Sherwood'sapparatusrakesthegrainmoney for property that hit his fancy, but he would do for farm use, which makes them entirely safe in the attention as new or valuable improvements which together: which is then rapidly bound by a small wirehoe and very little hand hoeing, and notwithstanding the severe drouth which prevented a'l eaily benefit from the manure, I got a very gond crop—the ears a r e loDg and s mnd, and I cut the stalk* from the ground as soon 8B the ears were glazed, and have got a great and valuablelotofgoodfodderformy home andcow. I advocate surface manuring upon sod, and planting in drills, and flatcultur*,,and very little hand hoeing.An hour having b^en devoted to the discussion of the corn queeticn, o f which the above is out a cynopria of thevaluablepracticalremarks,itwasresolvedtogive i the discussion a more miscellaneous turn, and MajorDruses, or their fleeing to the Hauran, which is not probable, or {else a revere conflict i o which latter case the Drosea wili be driven out or destroyed, and the re- maining haiifof Southern Lebanon be converted iato a ruin, leavit g absolutely nothing unscathed." W e all feel that Beyrout and i'e people have bad a very narrow] escape from the f»t« of rlisbeiya, D»ir el Komr, a i d Damascus. On the 23d of June, when the panicwasat]its bight in Beyrout, the.Pashawasin league-with |he Druses, who- had fixed a day for thedestructionofBeyroutandSidon,jastastheyfixedaday forthe places which were actually destroyed; D a y tion of Assessment Rolls of the Board of Supervisors taok fail, so that it falls a little lower in the boiler, a improved by Gladding ef Troy, Penn., has a joint i aBOin so candid and captivating a manner as to in moat cases disarm suspicion.hands of inexperienc'd. persons. It is placed on the side oftho boiler, and shows the bight of the water ia a glass tube as it stands in the boiler; but if the engin- eer should fall asleep, or be away, when the water gets below a given point, the steam opens a valve which starts the pump and throws in a supply of water.farmers may advantegeouriv become acquainted with. One of the&e,is a- hay-fork" to unload nay by horse- power, vastly improved upon the original, wb ch had a stiff handle, and a difficulty in discharging its load that prevented its, uee ata shed-window, and alsoan unpleasant way of"blistering the operator's handsbyby the binder who rides'on the machine.Horse-Rakes have also been very much improved.A wire-toothed one, made by Houston & King, in Or- ange County, appears to me the best o f the tot;, it is neaily and t-trongly made, and is not high-priced; and is very easily operated by thevmaa who rides andVALUATION OK TAXABLE PROPERTY IN BaobXLTNAND KINOS COUNTY.—The CommitteeonEqaaliza- Shouldthatbeoutoforder,orthewaterinthesupply drawingther«pethroughthemrapidly. Thefork,as' drives.,<£: •t.. 10,385,850 •••••.. 4,001,046 .. 3,63C,320 JV*•*•*••••••.. 6&27.139.. 9.284,253 .. 10,020.290 . . 4.146,035.. 5,087,240 jCI*V •••••••*••• .. 3,221,575 .. 1,612 448 .. 1/7S6 9154 !66*,810 7,312067 3,428,584 1.H15.448232 070 26124 53.933 45,515 55,265at first view I did not see the importance of, which nponacloserinspection,Iamconvincedwillpayto apply to all plows. It is called a "swing beam," andend upon an axis, turned by a crank, d-'ehing the oream from e&dtoend,after first charging itwithair byaforcepump. Itappearstometoproduceanin-a good start; then you can work with the cultivator. hdependsuponthelandhowfaraparttoplant,and that kind should be planted that will ripen. least,X V1AI*•»••»••••••.. 1,596480 yv1-V* •»•*••••••.. 3,330,39480,63534,878' 1 677,115 8,365,27227,870 178 460• There is a willow peeler, patented this y«ar by J .M.Wood,whiahIamalmostcertainmustworktothe thechainbeing,attachedtotheforwardendofthebar,.; v Grapes and Wines.—Anions thenewcandidatesfor perbuehelgrowna'ltheWeft. Ongoodhayyoucan •( •21.250. 171165.. 2156,141 • 15245 2.171.886 ....;. se+n.beam,andattachedtotheinsideofthemold-boird,near isa greatfavorite with the flairy-maid, because so Ihaveseen125bushelsof60poundsperbushel,grown. the pround, at its junction with the standard, so that easily kept neat. . * in this valley, and I ne*er Saw 60 bushels of 60 poundsTotal City... .#92,4*2,651 New-L»trecht.... ..$1,589,487 $304,400full oatisfaction of those who grow osiers. It is ex-favor is' tbe Ontario grape, a' Canada seedling, thefat cattle, but you cannot upon corn stalks, but theyKJtktoc.To• ....»•*•...1249,011 846.2K5 546106465,250 164 450 128,000 143,425$1,894,8971.714,i6l $101164whichliesacrossadisk,sothat,thesmallendsofthe willowbtinginsertedinthesmallendofthes^rew, are rolled over, and. carried through to the but of the w>Uow, which then has arrived at- some of the. large t h r e a d s a c c o j d i h g t o t h e l e n g t h o f t h e s t i c k , a a d i n i t s p» s^age is entirely stript of its bark. . The' whole ma- chine cau be earned ut on a man's back.Th^re is a whole fi»ld full of"mowers and reapers, andtbeee,aswollasalltheimplements,appearto.be gotup,notforshow,butforSale,in-ahighlyfinished manner. In this respect there i s great improvement every year. , ,Notbeingabletosavwhichiathebestmowingma- chine,IappliedtoA.B.Dickenson^ofHornby,N.Y.,thoughthecha-nwasattachedtothesharealittleback ofthe po^t, and i's swinging motion keeps the draft in line upon uneven ground..".,'•;andripeEed perfectly asPort Dalhousie: andifthe fruitfromtheoriginalproveequallygood^itwillbe- coHie-a great favorite in all northern regions. It is nowcornBtalksasgoodasanacreofgrass. Ifyouwant• to raiee a big crop of corn, put on barn-yard manure. year after year on graps, and afterward plow it in and. . make it mellow and rich, 16 inches deep, and then com,•FlutlaiidaT o t a l T o w n s . . .Grand Total 1860. $97,241,707 Grand Total 1859. 84,757,3141,009,735 674,l»>6$6,014 581S2.63D 24$W.^4.030 32,157,818$109,515,737 2 691,615 106.914,632j u s t m e n t t o t h e h a n d l e , s o a s t o r e g a l a t o t h e l i n e o f draft to a wide or narrow furrow.- Another inventor has such a numerous set o f adjust-able &haic-8 and appliances, to one beam that he canmakeupaplowforalmostanykind ofwork,buth a s t h e f r u i t o n e x h i b i t i o n , a n d i t m e e t s w i t h g e n e r a l admiration. .Several farmers a r e showing the Delaware grape, and- it is a matter of general remark that it has in- creasedverymuchinsizesinceitwasfirstexhibited attheStateFairfouryearsago.Nogrape,andin/ !A decrease in the value of property is shown in the First Ward of $54,600; in the Seventeenth of $28,930; in New-Utrecht of $1,330; in Flatlanda of $5,550— making a total decrease of $90,410, againet $2,691,615 increase. '•"•I donotseealltheadvantages which thianew candidate claims. I t i s called a combined; fact no new fruit has ever been introduced to the public•••••>.:,mmm^^m^imimsmm '-aaaas^-iused.by force of neceeeity, not because they £«e com to almost every member of community. There *re';^m$%m^ Mass's K~TM^ Lawrence Countv—-I ni&ntMi *»v*1 1eoon as the juios u erpr^esed. Dr. TJre says the ac- permanent ^inipage of railroads, and must be made I ?**4 beVeor elsewhere, is one pa'ented the present year com /a* • J E S ^ . ? " * ; - * * e 1 S W n « l £M»r.' ' «• In connection"with thb> Pair, this town tvhich has which ; s fll 6D8 emergedfromthewoodsandbecomeasmallcitysince val^whichr" Ptionofyeartpar'icles."Whentheotderinthebarrelisnmtaigoincallceirfertnentv theErieroadwasbuiit,isentitledtoamosthonorable andisclosedas**^The foliowidgistherecipe:"when'tbe buckettouchesthewater,loanmanure. The sc Wg iJ5? landthatyTeldedtb «eanda^moatexcellentmannermentioned,itisaffordingmostof Ume to each gallon of cidt-r in the cask;j first ooiil'-u the ppvr- charges to the hosts of its visitors. The "Braiuard lets the bucket run slowly' 4ovrn agam to the water, the best implement f e v e v " " ^ ^ kill weeds.1 1tioo, vd& aa much whi'e ang\x a s will .he -quel to half o r three* "~W| *^"«•**~ •*-*-v«*. •'*M^^U'rp^MK MB•»*,».,.VI*~VJl*JJt* VV Wl»*lc' ...... -f ta- quarter*ofaponndtoeachgallonofoidei;andlet.tho ornaen^cntion. Beride fiting up the F«ir grounds in the bycatching upon'.'''?**as i t comes to ths sp>ut* ^ ^ • I cultivate^ wiib-Sbavv ^ ? L l j % ^Mch % approv^ ,townwithasmallRedBivercart,drawnbyayokeadd»neighthtoaquart-rofanounoeofiinlphite(notsQlphtte)"'comfortable accommodations,"withoutexorbitantbackwardmot'onofthec^ankloosensthecatch,andhighly.ItworksupofctheSSS?*Y***m,andi»of smsll Bteers, whfch, together w i'h his gun, he de- iJer In afcont a quart of tho cider, and then pouring i t back into "House" is certainly an A No. 1 hotel. The rooms and without fouching the other hajul to any part of the'siredtheSber'fftoselltothe best advantage, thathe theCMfc,andgivingitathoroughah&kiogorrolling Afterstand- bedsarekeptbent,andwellattended,andIhavenever,he ft Mr.BROTHWELLcfDoK « County,nearthenorthmighthavethe proceeds topay hisboard,incasehe ingbnxg<*dnpafewdavs,forthematter»ddedtobecome looor- maebmery. .,' ."•..'"respectforthen? AJetheystflisuchasoncetheywere,. wasnotrentfor,andforhisdefenseiacaseheshouldporatedwiththeolder.'itmaybebottledortiaedfr->mtbecask.foundabettertableinacrowdedhouse,andevery-Ofpumpsforfarmuse,IstilllookuponGay&12cart-loadsofstablemanure•»#*««»•Iplowedthehavebeencommitted. -manotaoturedottiole.andUworthbythebarrel abou;8tcentsa pond andbrtle.owt 37} centa, and by the single pound 50 oenta Itha-beenoflateyear*much n«ed bysngar-makerst) preventfernicntatlonoicanejuioe;andinouropioionitwillbehonestly entitledtothisveryjust noticeamongthose oftheStateFair. _ :withdarkcoloredCanadacorn*«Mg* w bushel*per acre. Thelandwascloversod,c*oneyear standioo. Iuredahandfulofplasterandaebe*p.vhillafwrth* V(BythefavoroftheSheriff,wehadaninterview withtheprisoneryesterday. Heisaboutfivefeetout of repair, and easily, repaired i f it doets, and .notliabletofreezeupihWinter. Itoperateseasily,bo*b&.Asthemorningwearson,_theweatherprospectaarewowd upon the Fair grounda. The country people circle of friends on the tasting Committee of a speci-asaenctionandforce-pump.'eight inches in bight, weigos about 140 pounds, dark. * ibund more effective at a preventive of fermentation in c'der than a little more favorable, and there is the nucleus of a Elderberry Wine.—I happened to be one of a large ! corn was up. In pbmtmg, Icuttbron^h t-be sod witfcsallow complexion, black eyes and black whiskers ani aa an arrester of it after it has proceeded nearly to completion." tons*ache, and is dressed like a lumberman. He saida hoe. Cora is tbe mortexpensfve crop w e ^grow.^ I tentered upon the books are here. Great numbers age aa this made by Mr. Sp»er. iparti'cularly since it un-deftookplace. HehadworkedinLowerSaukRapids, Therainyesterday kept back agreat many persons outoftheirownstables1 Better rememberthatpleu grspeeandotherfruit,intheexhibition,andIfindthat thatis,whentbestalksareallcutup. I thereforead- '.. ' ra pneumonia i s a resident o.f stables; that the disease lo'several parts o f tbe State extensive preparation? are vocate leaving the stalks standing, to preserve the land.The following are extracts of letters received in this on the Red River, at Pembina, and in many other who had entered their stock and other things for exhi- orig nated in stables, has been bred in stables, and in being made to manufacture wine. A vineyard in sight Mr. WALWROTH, from St. Lawrence Co.-—My e x -places.Withoutmanifestingmuch contrition forthecrime,city from American missionaries in Syria:The Eev.HenryH.Jessup,wridngfrom Beyront,occupied by 6,000 French troops. OfDamascushe abandonedthesocietyofmen andlived alone inthe wouldhardlyhavebeenreadyto-daybutforthehighly have-a sad effect uponthespirit of improvement, fromwna.bo bad done,that these hillsides willpro- seedperacre.remarks:} . . depths o f the forest. Consequently he has had no praiseworthy conduct of eome "of tho women of El- which has been fostered b y these exhibitions duce as fine grapes as can be 'grown in the State of Gen. MARSHALL o f Wheeler, Steuben Co.—Mr "Summary punishment i s being dealt outbyFuad abiding place for six years, but has roamed through the mira, who, in spite of rain and mud, and the chilly, until i t has got a good hold o f the maw of the New-York. andTwill maie a more profitable crop than views correspond with the flrst gentleman. I think- i fPaehainfDamascus;andasmallnumber(160)have countryfromTexastoMinnesota,8ufferin£,.ashesays, fireleesrormtheyhadtoworkin,turnedoutearly, people,andforthatreasonIamsorrytoseetherichestlandinthebottom;jandthat,forordinary farmerswouldtakemorepainsinplantingcornthey already been executed. Yet with all this,the Moslem V more than a hundred deaths.' A t last, almost worn and workedlall day upon the decorations of the hal>, so any falling off in the numbers of good animie ex- farming purposes, is hard to beat. would get better crops> I turn a clover sod as-deep asspint there isnotbroken,anditisthecandidopinion out,hecametothe conclusion to deliver himselfup, that,withafewhoursoffinishingstrokes this morn- hibited./ Inthisrespec;•I am obliged to report thia Theweatherprospectthiseveningisquitefavorable, Icanpulltheplow,firstmanuring thickly with yardoftheforeignersthat*Damascuswillneverbeasafe thatafterthesentenceofthelawhadbeenexecuted, ingitwasmadereadyforthefruit.'andnowerewhish fairalmostafailure. Itistruethereareafawvery andthereiegoodreasontobelievetb'itthecashresults manure. Irolltbelandandharrow,audmark four xeeidencel again for Christians. There are 200 000 he might again live among his friends, or make a home choice animals here, which are carefully scanned by a of to-morrow will be entirely satisfactory. The town feet apart each way. I d*ub my eeed with warm softMoslems a Damascus and vicinity; and even if 2^000 where he would be undisturbed by its terrors. will undoubted'y burst upon tbe view of visitors in great m&oy farmers, and it will have a good effect upon is very full of people, but all, 1] believe, will be com- soap, drying it with plaster. I tried hen dung, pound-or fear of punishment, he imagined, wherever he lived, thateverybodylookeduponhim asa murderer. Theituponto-day. * vThefloral andfruit hall appeared themoBt back-yourstockto.bringitawayfromyourown farms. It will hurt the credit of. the State Society aud the char- acter1 of theSta*easagreatproducer of good stock,been commenced,.with great prospects of success; andIheardthe»ownersaythat heshou'dextenditasrap- with30lbs.ofclovereeedperacre,mixingsomeother-mass w i jonly be exaspera ed, and take toe first oppor- —so strange that it occurred to us his mind -wasnot ehow'i8 splendid". which'produces the strongest impression in live stock, tnnity forI revenge. While Fnad Pasha remains there sound, but w e could detect no evidence of mental aber- The raio greatly delayed the arrangement of agri- as well as Wide-Awake processions.with a i >pg military force at comnand, and a large ration, aid no.bing in his conduct that could not bd re- cultural, implements and machinery; co-ruiequendy, I close this letter with satisfaction to see the weather military,adnayalforeignforceatBeyront'therewill conciled,inviewoftheawfulcrimehehadcommitted..thatdepartmenthasbeenabusyone:o-day^Itwill^improvingandacrowdofpeoplegathering.I must close, to attend a meeting of the Farmers'be peace; but Fnad Pasha cannot remain long, and if European!political jealousies saoutd causa thewith- drawal of] foreign troops and navies from this coast leaving oiily the Turks to protect the country, farewell to wxurity and order." {be a grand feature of the exhibition to-morrow. Theshowofdairy prodocts andseeds,Ifear, will not be what it should he, even foe the siagle Countysoap. I leave four ttalks in the hill.ESCAPEOF AMANIAC.ELMIRA,Wednesdayevening,Oct.3,1860.The results of the day upon the whole have beenMr.Harris,ofTheQenessef.Farmer-,said,/inanswer- to the question, that leached ashes mixed with hen ma2 nure, and put at once in the hill, will not injure it a* wou).d guano..',i*>rbition, delayed the work of arrangement, and threw, stables if will continue to exist; I t never will hurt of the Fair-groundip, upon one |of the^southeru slopes perience of 30 years wholly contradic's the Jastspeaker r.oftheatcphitbeaterofhiHsthatsurroundsElmira,has mycornlandimprovesbycultivation. IseedmylaudAug. 29,^860, to tbe Rev. Dr. Anderson, of the Amer-icanBoard saysthat he isalmostoverwhelmed withtbe labor of diap*n*ix»£ charity, and that the town i s elements even whispered in his ears, when he had ward of any part of the exhibition this morning, and not to show it at these annual exhibitions; and i t will idly as possible to seventy acres, as he was convinced, grass seed with it; and I intend to sow 50 lbs. of cloveror3,000 »executed,which'isnotprobable,thegreat Thetaleofhiswanderingsiastrangeandinteresting greatap'endorto-morrowmornxpg. Sofar,thefruit them;•butthereisagreatwantofnumbers.Itisthat fortablyprovided for. y '-.'•'edfineandmixedwithleachedasheshalfandhal£ ueinga handful in the hdlV I consider the *cora crop tbe most valuable one w e grow. I have grown 8 rI found a straw- cutter, cJled' ttoot & Lloyd's uaion lutely impossible to work the stiff handle fork. I t i s wide or narrow farrow. The same firm exhibited sev- taking .an interest in these discussions.straw-cutter, coretructed upon an entirely new princi- emixently a labor-saving implement, and should be eral steel-tooth cultivators, of|varioue forms, superiorple, which I like very mu-shforits Bimnlicityand ownednpeneveryfarm that has five tune of haya workmanship,andgreatvalaefofarmers.gx.eat efcso of workin/?, and its efii:iency. . The knife is year to be pitched from the.cart'or wagon to the mow A new churn; or , rather a rjew way to operate thea straight bl-ide, set firmly in a s'aniimr form upon two or stack, as i t can be worked in any place where a eld dasher, i s exhibited, whhjh certainly appears asposts., and the box containing the stalks or straw is pclley-block.cflii.be hitched over head, and another at though it won d have to be labor-saviog. The churn of the country. If you have land perfectly prepared>g an 9 o'clock, e,Mills,Sterat,numberootidstandasiegewithascantysupplyoifoodV*•••••••••*..2,858/225239042,877,62929,200sothatit:liftsabovetheknife,wb>hafeedingar-fivetosevenminutes.Thewholefixturescostaboutislung'inaframe,sothatitswingslike'apeadulum,forcorn,itshouldbeplowedjustasdeepasithadgestions as td how tbe more delicate ones aaong ourJ,V • • • • • • • • * • • • .. 4,811,626852,9279 402 hong on pivots aod attuched to the axle of the crank, tbe ground.- Then a tun of hay can be unloaded in1,021;637 58,275 . 199,850 209,923 , 248,488 316 859 20.775 1,224,827 207,009 4,000114'»7,4H7 64,973 4,054,3*1 230,075 3,830.170 171,472 7,(»37062. 120,318 9,533,741 284 44110.3B7 149 418 851$12. byaverysmall amount ofpower,and themotionof beenplowed before,andthatwould be fifteen inches the drum gives motion to the cm her. It looks as though deep, but to turn up new unprepared laud that deep, Flows.—This most important farming implement- it might be useful to those who will use no other buta would injure the orop the first year. With regvd toend xnost.poweiful.chfup haud-preeaes that I have ever consists of a crooked flat bar of- ir n along side _of the creased quantity of butter, of superior quality, and it grow nio/e corn here per acre than I could at the West. • LAwhich moves looesly up and down in the staple at-tremftliy siaiple, and is composed of a graduated s-rew tached to the. beam, make6 the point of draft exactly as fruit of which i s longer and finer than the Isabella, are better than poor hay. I cannot make au aore o f••i % *THE PRINCE IN BOSTON.—Mayor Lincoln has re- who hasnsod many:of them with his own hands, and run with 25 per cent lighter draft than ordinary plowswine^grape.. For the latter parnose it is ne plus ultra. Wines hac" an extensive trial by the judges appointed for that purpose, assisted by some^other good-judgesthis afternoon.The official Judges were Gov. King, Lewis F . Allen,and Ambrose Stevens, a n d their opinion and that o f o hers was very decided in favcrofa sample made fromceived the following letter from the Duke o f New- castle in response to a s invitation to attend a Bali inB St0n: '• ••;'" ST.LOUIS.Sept.26,1860.:. MY DKAR SIR: The Prince of Wales will have very jrreatpleasureinacceptingtheinvitationoftheclt'zens of lioston to a Ball during his short stay in their city. I think the evening o f his arrival," the 17 th, would n o t be altogether convenient, bus whichever'of toe next two days is most convenient to the citizeas would-be nerfectlv acreeable to the Prince. I f both are equallyseen almost every variety carefully tested, a n d h a s 'finally tettled upon one manufactured by Hubbard atItbica. It certainly looks well.There is a n e w attachment to a mowing-machineexhibited here, patented b y Bartlett thie year. It is a potato-digger. A circular flat bar o f iron, with teeth intherear,inahalf-circleform,ismadetoecoopunder the potatoes and sift, them out of the dirt:Other valuftble improvements .in agricultural m a - chinery I shall point.out as I chance to discover them.ELMIRA, Wednesday morning, Oct. 3 , 1860. The prbepect8 of the Fair this morning are rathercutting the stine sized furrows.A mole-plow is also exhibited, which claims the abil-ity, with the labor of tw o men and a team, to makelOO rode a day of blind drain, equally serviceable i nclay soil to one laid with tile, riucb drains have en-I v S r S them, Iwould suggest tbe18th, as itwill be necessary to leave Boston^very^earl^ on the gloomy. The weather did not come off as clear as washole that it does not readily close again. This plo w is - terms, repeating what I havej already said, tuat it ishoped for last evening, and early this morning an over-mTcannofsi^with'what kindness the Prince has been cast sky looked threatening of rain, aud doubtless has received in those cities which he has yet vmted m the a tendency to keep back, a great many visitors;made to be moved forward by a powerful windlass, superb. In fact, this part of! the grand exhibition is were not small ones. I pump my liquid manure into a and-ithas.anattachmentfordrawinginastringof freefromcensure,andsoistheshowofagricultural sprinkler,andspreaditonthegrass. As.tocorn,I tiles on a scpe, like Fowler's machine ih England. A . implements'and machinery, aad perhaps some other have experimented with liquid mrnure on some, and B. Dickenson, who was probably the originator of the miner departments, while the great departments of ,tbe result was very favorable. I cut up. corn, and practice in ihis country of draining with the 'mole-plow, entile and horses never made a woree show at any State- plow the stubble at once between the rows of shocks, does not use a windlass, buthiccheB on a strong team, Fair, and in fact h«B beenoften beaten by single county with much benefit; then move the shocks, aud plow say six yoke of oxen, and moves right along across the ocietiee. It is true there" are some very good stock m. the balance. In the Spring I plow again, aud manureUnited States. I f each individual had been instructedwhat to do, the whole people could njt have showncertainly the early trains did not bring in such large accessions as came here" by the same conveyances at tbe corresponding time when the Fair w a s held here five years ago. Perhaps the increased rate of fare has had some effect to keep the people back. Yester- day, however, the trains were more crowded than usual on Tuesday, and the town was prettywell filled, butnottosuchanextentasrendereditoutofthea,.aingular Queen whom they love and respect almost as much asmmm -mm.mtgmmi somewhat upon the order of steamboats or cleeping-plicity, compactness, strength, and consequent dura-bility. Its ease of management by ordinary laborerscommendsitvery highly over someothermachineshere, which are excessively complicated. This machine The meeting was called to o|rder by the Hon. T . C. makes its cut upward, and it is suid that one of the"ad- PETERS of Darien, who acted as chairman, and he oalled vantagesofthatis,thekniveskeepsharpmuchlonger, uponLYMANBRAINARDofSteubenCounty,whostated&rzAM9mrljiiiZs-Ui*popular line, except one, have been Race during the past S u alonecausedbytheprevalenceofacars. Bytheby,Itriedthatway oflodging,Iwon'tiim. m y dear Sir. your., very J g ^ j g ^ aay sleeping, on my night passage from New-York upW(j fjio*Hia Honor the Mayor of Bouton. the Erie road, which has, I believe, as good arrange-PaorEssoR HORSEORD'S MODE OK PRESERVING mentsforsleepingasany otherroad—better thanany-•FIRST EVEMTING. Subject: la.dikn Corn.bproprietors, agents, commanders, and pTM°"<> g print the excellent recipe of Professor Horsford for without fleeping-. f t was different- with Borne of myas the stroke tends tojar out any .grit, instead of forc- ing it down forward of the knave, by which it imdullod. The coat of tbc*e Cutters is fr»m $*0 to $30.that his soil was a dry one; that he cultivated cornupongiasseodd, plowed ten inches deep, lap-furrowa,ft'movement Pressandthepublicareunder»^°^°*f'tCIDER.—Wehavebeenaskedsomanytimestore-narrowgaugeroadcanhav6—butwithasitwaslodtfuigI'^rribory, ia • wheat ander or after»the '.'^babiy re-•st', and the r--*,li hard oa. sr»onsto be{i<Dd hhrrowAid flat, and worked the crop upon the plananefor theirlLifold efforts to eerye all classes of the community. IIarresting the fermentation of cideror other saccharinefoflow-lodgere, judging from the amaU thunder aautThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069PumpsandWeil-Bvelect&aresomeoftheartiolea *XJU«»"^«"i*v.«uunw.»wtuowiupuponiu9pian Thatismyanswertothegeutlemaa, forhornedo* of flat cuhTare, in hiliB thioa ftot apart each w a y , fourUntitled Documentplow, and it n ay combine more advantages than I am which has met with such universal favor as the Dekvabletosee Itscontrivancescertainlyshowmuchin- waiegrape. Itis destined,withoutdoubt,tobecome genuity. Thisandtheswingbeamplowbothclaimto theuniversalgrapeofthecountrybothasatableanddured many years in some of the etift" clays of E agland;andtheyhavebeenlargelymadeinIbinoiswithina Isabellagrapes,madebyDr.j^reeburyofBpffalo,and1 0 the which conducts the W*;*^: "* PaiLTheaa BttIetQna o f8 r u otb<5eod so that eveiry improvement tfeW. ^no^S\^ .? ^ ^Mntf a jff"*< of the <»tch and brake upon the crank,e tand hen w% ^ S a j S S i ^ ^ 2manor*,soa, ^J«J« ffljflgjon the hen maw ^ S g g g S g & M Partof tne horse *arraTng verT fogeniousV Thebuoket'lsfilledbya**® « i * Allthefirstseedt e oufc J r o neyV a ^ I think theClnb, which is a popular featurje of the State Fair.The books of entry for things to be exhibited at this bushels per sere. I feed stalks to cattle, and considershowclosedto-dayatIIo'cloclj:,andIfindthefollow-itveryvaluablefeed.Iwishallfarmerstotrysofting tbe grand result. The number of entries, often in- cludingagreatmanythingsunder one.number,areas follows in each of the several classes:Homed Cattle of all Bbrtu, Z19; Horses. Male*, &c, 295; Sheep, Swine, and Poultry,424; Implement^ and Agricultural Michra'i*, 343: Orainand Vegetables, 813: Articles In Domestic Hall, 287;Hal', which is always the center of attraction to the hard to get up enthusiasm enough to spend a day for and 12 cows till March, upon ten acree of corn-stalks, rupees of crinoline—that article has expanded to the pleasure under umbrellas, etanjaing or walking-upon allowing the stock to run at a straw-stack beside, I full rize of the hall, so as to make locomotion difficult. rafre the large eight-rowed yellow corn with a small Tbe show of fruit, also, has very much expanded since dampgroundl The day, however, terminated not so cob, and like it better than Dutton corn. It yields bet- yesterday, and is now very fine. gloomily, a s the sun came out finely before night. ter than any white corn.'The receipts of cash to-day are very considerably The 'Plowing Match.—This {was the day set apart T- C. PJETKRS—I have found that manure hauled out belowthecorresponding,dayatAlbanylastyear,butfortheplowingmatch,whicht^k.placeneartheFairandspreadintheFalloncloversodisthebest.Ipatedinbysixteen contestants! Itis needless.tosay plowed four orfiveinchesdeep,threebythree-and-a-that there was some remarkably g^od plowing. The half feet'generally, and where it'was manured in theground selected wss on a smooth piece of. turf, upon Fall the corn was the best. I got more stalks and leesfain on the part 3 | by 3£ feet than on the 3 by 3 feet, growforfodderaswellasgrain,audcutupfromtoe ground,andchaff"thestalksforfeeding. Thereisnofew years, and found to work well. It consists of a a sample of sparkling currant wine, made by Charlesshort piece of round iron, pointed, and atWched to a H. Erwin of Painted Post. JjLe also exhibited some think I have 40 acres that cut four tuns of good hay to thinbarofironthat isheldbyaverystroncrbeam,so goodcrapewines,which werewell approved,andso tctheacre,andIhavelandthatwill cutnowoneandthat the mole can be made to run from one to three feet below the surface, and BO presses the sidea of thewere several samples made by JDr. Presbury.Of the show o f fruits I can only speak in generala,half or two tuns an acre of second crop, on upland, manured with liquid manure. From t e n acres, m y men say, they hauled ofT forty loads of hay, and theyOf hogs, I notice s*me of the large breed_caUedtion to another one inst come upon the ground, called Yotkshire, that are just as good as could be wished, years ago, I thought but little of com fodder. I thenmoat valuable of agricultural implements, I call atten-ttochester,thepatentforwhichhasjustbeenapplied cattledofirstrateoncorn-stalkstillMarch.TogetSTATEFAIRFARMER'SCLUB.otherfeedformilkcowsinWinterequallyvaluable.Mr. BUTTERFIEI.1)—I did not weigh the crop, butW(rte1, •^- ' » wwww.fultonhistory.com"g^^to^fij •:•-'fe-tyitaa^^'• . • 'V ' V 1 .^ ^ 