 \^ 3 ^ ~ * i £ * *£? oomprahead t t e magnitude of tneaiiiiatii Hi11 censes Icmnntoa, aacramena, ceremonies, mwsannikm ar attarForaccouatof damage to Mstaibtj B B Cuyter, above.•ehr Lacy McUaaai. Davis. HOrieant.seereportoi nab.AM-GMbark omega, Morse, Gibraltar and akt; aehr' <r, KeUy. Oardenta.Aprilt- Arr(ojtel)brigJWWo-ylruff,SanJuan.BiLEM March 31- a r r tehrs Loutea Gray, Wavtawad; Meaavea. Faterebers, Pbftadalotta.April 2-Arr trkr I-rettmrg, Swift, FW'adelphta. •stow, akera brig panted Mark deeply ap- There Ma bark te anchor;the act entitled •'An act to establish a Territorial Govern- eanaareoeresUataJerS.;1 - "A*"** * "J^ ThssHiaibtp MMCuyter, Cent -,. arrived ment for Utah," approved tte 9th of September, I860,besnss\charged him, n l asked him whether he intended to reBirESESTlKQ CM&EiSIOHAL PROCBOTGS. sain for a few days, at his prraence might he further of Ibe whole country, so SB to promote the tntoreste ofrWaaaeti, Oeraw.*f5k• n\ iOn motion of Mr. MASOB, (dem.) of Va.. the bill pro-viding for the abjudication of the calms of the Rhode other authorities. The Senate bill would also disregardSOaba, a country of hot forty thousand square miles and•ae and a half millions of people, over twenty-six mil-iWas ef dollars. The name caaawaaaaMaa with Mexico,a country with eight milnons of inhabitants and asvea that Seward will be the Chicago nominee, and hence all objection—it would operate unjustly to the foreign popula-haadrcd tbonaaad square miles, would increase our oom- the campaign speeches on she democratic side are levelled tion. In this particular it fell tar short of tte liberality then proceeded to quote from a speech of Senator Hun-!"•tThe gwrernaMBt have nettled aa mumaltoa of anycharacter front titter the Btentoh, franca or Bngath Convention; otherwise we may be toft adrift, to be swal- thsn the armed soldiers sent there, sa they cameAltoarr bark Stella, Haisaway, Pacific Oa Dee 14, with 760 ep anl ?00 wh on board; tentjas* of cteaasers to ply between Mobile or Mew Orleans form be thrown oat at Charleston, ae they surely will be.ha the evcat of the belt the Baltimore or third party Con-sad various Mextaaa ports oa the Ova*. He alluded to vention may be persuaded to abandon the ooatemplated- 1 ^ 'The republicans t i r e say if they Mae the Connecticutl)h ma—f>>»la Tinte iatontad the* that be election they lose the Presidency. All party calculations frcm Ohio (Mr. Fash) advocate tte senate bill forTT"10NEWS FROM WASHINaT on.in* thaittteitrvwreawatwasnot Mendedto\* a capital»d>\ee ant ooneeut ef tte Senate, from among the citizensjeete of legislation, criminal as wen as civil, reservingtill 1864 tbe right of revising troving of sad disapprovingaPKSS.B-VUr^i.*' * " r v ^»» tram Br.ro. taerea-Speech of Mr. Wilkinson on the Homestead Bill.in htooptnion«*"»*•" "••^*»>^^^*>^*M**l #V>*l > <*wi^*»*%ir>iiaMre»ground. Slavery WW not merely a danawaMe to sUtutioa, bat staves were property, and, aTHESUPPRESSIONOFPOLYGAMYINUTAH.aStatetfanydoubt,reportannppropria the spirit of awnopory. Hto tew. setjetfy inform dollars ter annua for her anilter- tte Senate thatthe monopoly of and by the fttif art tbe aaay had been among tbe moat Pfwerru aoxiChartetton and ^«y Wert, in addition to the lanes of absolute sad deepotte fewer, sad tttto actios and Key West of putting lsad teaacti^Badbeestaea earnsHunter tea emphatically dented the troth of the of misery aad oppression even in this free land. Evenwith sM" our vast expanse ef tofriory, C|serves to be extirpated, but as the execution of this pre- posed law is left to the Mormons, does any man believe a Mormcn who has a ptoralttyrf wives would enforce it against his neighbor similarly circumstanced? The great cause of our troubles is that the Mormons have been en-trusted atth tbeconstantly daregardeo. Aa a wanntlyfnir the evil i s pro- posed to divide Utah between rUe^Peak aad Hewada.stand this wai would not; and tte next would be punish-ment as a penal offence of that other "relic of barba aauMHjBi *asn#sA|BBTjBn« **A*j u MM^awt^B^sak tsM*j p **£ tt, nem"-slavery. It was not because he denied the power total lota. Veael and cargo are tewared u>rteadetpaa ant ot Congress to pass it, but because tt was a departurefrom the settled policy of the government of leaving tothe Territories to kgietate for themselves on matters oflocal policy, that he would vote again* tee bilj.IRittlOarV i a n e w i , April », let* art CMim OTTBMKXICMIirmua,Ibe eorrttpoadenee whtoh pawed between Captain JarrW m i 1K- iteahih rnf French naval officers at Vera Cres, after the capture of Ifiramoa'a vauaate, has beenreceive* by On govoruatiat, and waa read hi Cabinet I to day. 1 * not only iBopeitlnent, hot offenilye;e t e r dIt the proposed amendments to the Pacific Telegraphbe adopted by the Boas*, there is reason to believe the dain that tbe psople thould Inherit the public lands, aad Hue will not M bulk for year* to come, as the capital to that it should be granted hi limited quantities toevery man austooe to earn an honest living by cultivating Harare its construction will not be applied. It will cost. the toil. He would have the part in its Homestead b»UMr. CLARK, of Mo., said hi his opinion that is the bestpossible way to dispose of the question, the Mormons what made polygamy a penal offence At a penal statute canthua bemade subservient to naral virtue aad local the bill would te powerless. Monody would vela moneyMaatert eonceratag the aCav at Vera Crux, endltteno,. vtr y probable that they will.from the different States, and brought an attachment to the institutions of the country, and as the settlements advanced organized municipal governments, and laid t t eMr. Kkrrr did not see anything in that to satisfy aim oathe subject.Alto trr bark Midaa, Awtta (tare TaQctaa ate**), rteaotest Fea, Honolulu f o r 18, Borotonti Bee It, wanU»sp 460 wu»Mr Cochrane jOemsuttee thaiPostOffiee , hi advocacy generally of gov- i to ami steamers, and particuiarly of awith suah men as "Forney, Haskin and Hickman, and thata holt Mcontemplated should Mr. Dongas sad his plattion, that tne bill would operate unjustly to the foreign population, and be was not a little surprised that the Senator from Ohio did not object upon that ground.Mr. Putin—Tbe Senator is mistaken. I shall move to amend in that particular; but the object of confining the grant to headt of families was to prevent fraud. TteAt Port Praia teJago, J, Mat an. Three BvstBtea, Bwaaw there la nothing to the practice and history of legislation a plurality ot wives. Be recollected distinctly then- re- ManU for Paetta Ocean.over the national territory which forbids the exercise of mark Oat this monopoly of wtves operated very hard AtTalcahu»no Feb 6. bark Ttrgteta. makes,ef MB, MO•© the power in Question. Tho right of Congress to legislate sgsinst strangers and travellers. (Excessive laughter) tteee last report. Sid 6th, bark Islander BtarbucB, Naat, 1*>1 ~aa f ^*_ '•.- .- ••"-NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1860.-1HIPLE SHEET."*•*!•-"' •-l»'-">«!"W-»I II ithe eomnuttrt ted tea r«bt to ask questions peruinwg toprmue natters. After propounding a few Otter euetv that U was not atended for a monopoly for speculator* ' o s n y d M t n c a which » » « heretofore teen Wdofl.B w?*J .? *.r*r mto,TTlions, not pertinent to Ibe cxarntaatton, the cutnmit.ee dis-This measure embodied but a msifraitotlra ******* justice, right aad wisdom. It wag tte duty of a good JovVrVnt to dispose of the puateaJoytha propertysuch legislation. Slavery tenmiay years an exception, but in 1860 the doctrine of uontetoreeation ante Mag rabjeet alas, l a d teen as dattoetl-svowed as th« principle of t t e adjustment measures ofthatjear. He read an extract from Clays reportm I860, <akuita tla MsaxateaJaato teanaa, we easerttag tbiadocirine. It had been dtottootly embodied Prorineetown harbor morning of rrequired. *•§, repfted that he would remain tereuutrl the whole country. Here they had a solution of, (dem.) of HI., proosoteg It sustain te all its exteat to tbe Kansas rtebratka bill, extending to Bar duringa Hack saow iafter the-neeting ot the Hattonal OiilMti i ,** Thaw lay**e Home Pent Often Cotanwttee hare nearly man* moody agreed to recommend the restoration ot tbc mail twehtaaajahrpmnbel, and tte Committee of Ways an 1ibo wboks problem, and here ho might dtonnasyeeterday—that there was no instance a special penal code 11 organised Territories. The act of 1790 wasall tbe rightful subjects ef legataaon aad the leaving tt to the inhabitants to regulate their domestic bsstitetiona inder Long Pott t, a iIIF ABBSICA* UMOH. at 1notlongto tat<aeree with her to two hundred and thirty seven millions if the nomination had already been made. So the thirdhad and ocean. They contributed more than any other civuixag agent to the hotnogeaiousness af people. He rejected as an idle dogma lbs idea that a sea postal system should be self sustaining, nearly the whole revtsass of the country, he eontended, moving•pen postal ooaaaaleatloa He ashed that It be ssatnssradwhat w*e the present posMre of the United S a t e s in thecommercial world. A line of are girding her about, teI think within a few days we shall have some interest- ions as broad as the preemption laws, and applysjajay party—Mr with the defeat of the rewbltcaos, theef avibentidn. They built their booses, improved tte soil and opened thevbroad acres to occupancy and culti- vation, and they were a greater security te tte frontiersthird party say we can dictate oar arms to the ChioagoMr. NBLSOX, (8. opp ) of Tenn., sent up, whtoh wasK» anlowedticket.betweent a ttwoparties,ortorunoarownthem bat by looking it in the face, sod considering tt onits merits. He never heard of a retreating army inspirmg terror or respect in a pursuing foe. The South muttlook to herself for her own protection. He maintained, Judges fit st appointed made a statement estthbahtng tbe bone Reports spoke off Trinidad, Barak, Butter, of and from in opposition te Messrs. McCternand and Etneridge, tbat (act of polygamy there, and that Brigham Young enjoyed Mattapotaett for Indian Ocean.be exerted and successful ss the United States extends lated ibe practice of the Department in settling the Post umphs. Whenever new Territory had been conquered, and increases her commercial relations. This, he con- Office acoouna, and also the laws, and had therefore just- the bones of the foreigner lay thickly scattered beneathSenateu at that time in Congress voted for t t e rescinding of that test act with tbe exception of two. The chief of popular sovereignty acknowledged tte validity of this act, *nd be himself voted for it This law was opposed aad mail* rescinded, because it happened te tea law hi favor oi slavery. But if any law a passed in a Territorial Legis- lature against slavery, then the government becomes suddealy smitten with paralysis, and tte people of that Territory at once become sovereign and omnipotent. After Kaasas was organized as a Territory, a tow waa passed, making frauda at elections a crime, and imposing heavy penalties for their commission. Mow, he thougnt that If they could have laws psased aad executed for t t esteerage.1 n-r.RFOOt—Bieamahro North Briton, from Portland—Mr* FALL BIYBB, Mareb 31-Arr stare Jtinued, waa the talent eosaaitted to her charge, and her legislators should lake heed lest when her account was demanded, her talent should be found wrapped hi a napkin.ly mcurrea ttedisapprobation of Congress, and Umt lis renders it improper for him longer te continue inLaid over.k TBS JATAXan XBXASST.the sod Tbe Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Davis), who lately filled tea position of Secretary ot War, could tell from the records of his department how true they had been ia time of war. Wherever there was American civilization they would find the history of tbe foreign population,notwrittenuponperishablerecords,butstamp-Lacker, ef Pt John, NB; Mr* Joaea, of London: Mr* Harris Capt O Bohertaor. B L Ptreet, Mr Ooulton, David Diekton. of Montreal, B Fremont, of London; W Beat, of Toronto; John FcolL of Hamilton-. Mre A H Dunaeomb, *tie, F SSoccaria, Iaabella, Wm and Mary Brock, Geo BJetepe. Mr Mauler and wife. FranfrRliiAbetbport, MariaLavtetvCuBwBntn,KTorkt tteap Bteta, Beebe do April I. aehr J W Freeman. York, fltrabttboon. KM 2d. *chr Daniel Brown, Heeld, Ateiandriarax rxxAS lorrra) The House Militaryagain this morning theBent tf volunteers.•rtemble length, but earns to a aagain to-morrow, when It Is expected definitive action will be had.TBS FAT OP KAVAL OmCSRS.The House Naval Committee had a protractedMr. MAsasr, (dem.) of Va., from Ilia Committee on ed indelibly in the progress of this mighty nation. It had Foreign AHairs. reported a hill defraying the expenses of been the policy to mater in every way immigration.Hayden, Robert Bn »m. Of T9 xxnsfmetl, P Marl-ewta, do; *e*r*W A Croekei.had underfar the Texas regi- the Japanese Embassy on their arrival a the country. ' Should they prove untrue te the past, aad give tteBotroi-x, *e-8team»blp Jamestown—J A WHBama.Edwtrdt, H Cohen. Oeorge GuUkr and lady, 8 5 Rockwell |J DCooper.J W Oollina, J F Leater, E Bradley and lady, Mr* «WVsttss%*te2flh,*htef 1 ^^?dfIiar.Cwa%taaltar. Faiteaaerg. aad J A HaAteeteMtaker- Mataagjatam. BSeudder. NYTorik; 2tatrwihian.M Cuba;TMB, V M e l u t y r e ^ k ^ o t ^the matter at con- They meetsuch would not be; the case, bat they would continue toMr. Gxxav introduced an act to amend an act from the encourage a constant immigration from the Old World to protection of personal property, and tte suppression ofmerits of t t e case or covered t t e whole ground, governaeat of t t e aastoa. Ha gava a a money te pre- it beag loaded down with provisions aad restrioUoosand the mttituUon of slavery sa the latter exist* at the South. He was opposed to the bill for the reason that Congress ought net to interfere to tbe manner propose t while tbe organic act exists, and by which the power to* mate local laws to delegated to the Legislative Assembly We have already spent twenty millions to preserve pesostevent the electka at Jtassaat, whoa te regarded as amere adventurer, wheat uatltea would have teen proof should be the great crowning feature of the whoa. Somer^?^WJf^ '^J»^al«dWsNcgrAattarta.positive of t t e aoapaeMy af t t e American people for self geveraxaoat. He was then asked by tte Committee If te was not retained hi hat office to oooasquenoe of sa agree- mentwithMaPresMenJ thai he would sustain theLe- aoaptoo cstauawatoa > To thai te ranted that te regarded •he question at Impertinent, but thai aa Improperseemed to create a distinction between persons and cteasea, when the real purposes of such a bill should be to give all our people tree homes upon the pubBc lands Yet, it should extend its provisions furtherthe people we now have—to prospective citi Tbe-e objections have seemed so obvious thai te was extremely desirous the Senate should adopt the House MIL He had been told that the framers of th« Senate bill anticipated rerloasdifilcuKy, and telt compelledpriation fifty million to Increase our army, for toetrmT bles will break out afresh. There was no necessity forSchr ftavteson. Byder. Virginia, 8 daya. £«to Diadem, Black. HarruVgmS. 6 daya. Pcbr Woleott, Parker, Boston. 3 daya*•niw» *hat ha retained h ait embraced a policy so wise, just and humae, that te was at a loss to conceive why It should be steadily sad partwteuUy oyposod by any leading men of any party. When the senator from North Carolina (Mr. Cling-man) offered his amendment, he said be was op-Cbnrch of Jesut Christ of Utter Day Saintt,'' p a W law to question, tbat even tte Dred Scott case recognized February 8, a the year 1841, «nd adopted, re-enacted and admitted the r*>wer of Congress to govern ttwTrirriSteamer New London. Rmhh, New 1 BELOW.One brig, unknown.SAILED.Staaabtos Jura (Br), Uverpool, Jamestown, Borfolk, AeWind at •unset 8.~" •" • wai PO " taa^wsaawa^atawl' or stipulatorat with a certain hmhntioagur5oaed ^ t e bonSS: uon. That amotg those limitations was found no reetric- Uon on the power of Congress to prohibit this practice af polygamy. Finally, he entered hisat the re J* »w^%l|tMy whetherand made valid by the Governor and Legalative Aasem bly of the Territory of Utah by aa act passed January 1» in the year 18*8. entitled "An act in relation to the com'^SBSBWJWSSM USStSjWaBBBBJMqJHJJrnstitatioD, but waaid Itey act go attUtofurtter, sad laytf the United States residing ttereto^ate wttteutreference Sed 8. And be tt furtter aaaotee^Tlat the firstap*••*• struck and west ashore oa thefinally tire mistaken tupposnionof charity,who resides upon and cultivate Item. Bwse bat a com- mon principle of equity to which they were all to give tereate, snd tte auoption af a wisaaaabill by Confrere would be a illkelTfrom atloaif, chartingthatHehadwrittena labor was outweighed Jby •»!«?>.»* t LJ*!at a hWbatoabtorkeaaa,of KB.Capt Bourse, of Wareteat rwte win <be employed In the i p I n - . i t |asawsaaP"***HwffBM "Instltnttwii*"i" thear expenses will be paid. ment aaould adopt a potey that tte public lands should_ fcundaj, I M* acte eahoreon I had bay on deck; IUPPOSM) hertobetkf mn Alexandria tor Kortoa sad Uk hay on deck.fi Springfield, Iffiuote, urging the* ^ d e l e g a t e s to the Charleston Convention, and intimatingthatof the soveroatoBt had been hi a wroag dtrectkn, ted be sooner it changed Its policy the better. For bis part he was clearly convteeed that the govern-Mr. THAYBR. (ran.) of Mass , sad tte expression of sen timent was merely superfluous, as there was no State batopI am told that Mr. Daagwt has lately been closeted foundation of future States. But he had another objec-Mr. STKVEXS, ( f t p ) of P A , said tbat the three firsttnd800lbtboneon1 thawsM9spHIwh,tad4JB)teaant dwarfed commerce of the United States with Mexico,at comparison with that of England'. Oat of fifty four aka up Douglas as their ttoket against the field. acts or the special law for Kansas and Nebraska uponMr. MALLORT, (S. opp-) of Ky., said, in proof of the report-by trig Vtrgtotan. at KortolkA tetter asm lbs awawS antrr oftewh B a n f f , ef nata-ihn-ty three a u a a a a He showed that tvan of Otis the imports of Mexico tog MM Carted Sates are greater than are the exporte to Mexico ay about two million of dol-and unmarried men.Mr. WILK:.N-OX—Tbe provision Is precisely tte seme ssges of to tbe people who possessed it. Tbe next question was ths extent ot the power of congress, and the mode in which that power waa to te exercised. Calhoun, Hunter and other distinguished statesmen, have asserted this power was exclusive, though it was not absolute, first, as to the nature of the constitution which recognises slavery ae an institution, and, secondly, as to tbe manner In which tbat power is limited by the nature of the trust He held thai the tact that slavery was an institution whioh existed in iiiteta States of the Union proved that it was an insti- tutionapplicablet9 the wants and requirements of tbe people af a great portion of tbe Union. When he beard a gentlemen say on this floor the other day, that the power to protect slavery in tbe Territories wss a new dogma, he listened to them with astonishment. The power to protect slavery to the Territories has net only been as- serted since tbe foundation of the government to tbe pre-Mr. Hnx, (S, opp.) of Ga , rose to propound a question.Mr. Kki-rr asked him whether te believed polygamy te republican fMr. HILLreplied, saying be had asked a Senator, who said Abraham was a gook republican and democrat (Laughter.)Mr. KKJTT—Do you believe polygamy ia republican f Mr. HILL—It il antl-ChaUan.Mr. KKITT—Then you make a distinction. Mr.Hin-ldo. (Laughter.)Mr. Earn made furtter ramarka against tte bill, but without concluding gave way for a motion to adjourn, whicn prevailed.Adjourned.eomproaat offer to Chicago of McLean and Bell, and o Senate bill did not affect the pre eruption or graduationcnsuTveyad lands, BOthat these young men could come Vtit«d States bavag hat eight mllteae, to Kngtead't string to their bow—Sam Houston, of Texas Should the forward under the pre emption law. It simply made aCharleston Convention manage to ream Mr Douglas and diftinction. net an exclusion, between beads of familiesMr- KBTTTobjected to this, aedtog Mat promiscuous mpenen, dated Dctnaiqua, Marsh*, reports kawdteea tewtx bun. Pandas, ef Matt, outaide of Duatotous, whhssn aakt*Beard frost Jan L, bark MMaakeaj Tatar, MB,»aa, S p o k e n , dws.attj Carrier Hove, Moated, 27 days heaottorBaa Praaawax March 1. BUS U S , ten 88 MShip Lion, Uedays frost Calcutta for PhlladVphla, April 2, lat 43 15. en 6»»-bv pflotboat J V Jonea, Bo ItShipMary.Marthett.fromMOrteaaarerAntwerp,Maresto. off TortusaaBark W hire See, from N Orleans for Glasgow, Marc* If h* K IF, tee 89 IB . _BrigOceanSpray,fltabvttfrom PhiladelphiafarOuaateaa mo. March at, a t 3ft. tea 78 20. _ ^ ^ _ „BearSarah,fromCamden*arSarannea,March24,tat3144.•rwawtera Porta.Bnxaos ATKXS—The data te j ana day's paper storeM barebeen tab 10. not 1*. aa Rwprtoted.Bid from do Feb 6, brig Sanaa) Churchman, Ankara, 8t Tho-rn* atnd Bit BABIUDOS.Mart*(WtariorttearPoeahoatat,Oarr <teMSpar-nuUtoas'ot <oltars of. Mexican commercial aaahaasa the The aanagers of this third party have also anotherdid cot give the power to punish slavery, for tbat was aninstitution which tbe constitution guaranteed the privile apply te thath a friends ia the camp, and should it appear manifest bythe a h of May that Seward will be the inevitable nomineeof the Chicago Convention, then this Baltimore Con-vention may put up 8am Houston against the field ia thehope of carrying the election into the House, and ia thehope, too, of there compelling the republicans to assistin electing him, ia oroer to prevent the democratic candi-a corresponding devetoptaent of Mexican nanagBM date for Vice President being elected Prtstdtnt of the older heads. My impression is that they are about aswould just double her laporte. Among other Senate, for the House, upon this matter, will only have honest as old men.things, he argued thai, aa steam eananxdcateu for taetr action from the middle of February to the 4th Mr. li on—i ttinx that men with families mostly make tor tight years had increased oar commerce with of March, or the end of this Congress But the Senate, their homes on the land, while it Is an ascertained factthe average consumption of imports throughout i America being six dollars par head, he argued thatthat M p d in tbe pre-emption law.MrTTcGK— 1know it is.Mr, WiLKJBbox—I will simply say that BOfar as ray exyou know, will meet the day after, and If the House shall nave failed to electa President in the meantime then the Senate w 1assuredly make their candidate for Vice Presi- dent the l'reeKient of ibe United Steles.that tome others simply take the land to sell it again.Mr. WiLXjafox, resuming, said, here was tte idea tte Senator did not appear to apprecate—that to advance ef the settlement, men could not tekeir families there because they could not endure the hardships. Bat he had anotherThe impression prevails here, among men of all parties,Intelligence.at Seward. .Seward himself appears to be as sure of it as ofthe preemption laws. The Senator from Tennesseeter, in which that gentleman declared that tte owners ofstaves ted not only their property protected tit the Stateswhere the institution waa recognized, bnt also ia the Ter-ritories The constitution protected tbem, and it was thepositive duty of Congress to , protect tbe owners ofstaves to the possession and enjoyment of their property.It wai the duty of Congress to. govern tte Ter-ritories, and from that duty resulted the obli-gation to Congress to protect the rights and properties ofpersons therein: and if Congress fails to doing that, shetailed to one el her first duties; and this would be univer-sally acknowledged if the question was raised with refe-rence to any other species of property but slaves. Cal-houn asserted tbat it was the duty of Congress te go Intorett House.Adjutant flea. Townsend. of Albany, sad Sanator Mailory, of Florida, are stopping at the St Nicholas.Judge Wilson, of Chicago, Gov. Hiand Hall and JudgeKellogg, both of Vermont, are stopping at the Astor HouseArrlvnls Departures.ARR1VALS.S A V A R J C A H - Vtetmahip R B Ouster—Aa Hull, H O Belber.WH Rowan.W fclocre. Jhloeum. W R Howoa, J 8 Miller A J Labtgh and ladr. MtetS fufwasa, A Kotamtrarg, Mr at Warner.MraMP fimitb, two ehudren and servant Mrs Hurri*Lrraarooi. MarcS U- Arr sate Ottawa Howes, Batty, Bew Qrleane 81 daya. _ _Motxavrnto. reb 7—1» port bark Tnaaa, Brooks, from Boa- ton dteg tor Bunot * j re*. ^ ^BOATAS, Marsh It—In port tear nisneat, Branaa, Mr a* Orleans toon. ^^HT PATL »r.le*Hi>o,Jeb 12—la pert barka Pea Mew. Uoyd, from Satea; Hasard, Ooodrktga. IA m e r i c a nALEXANDRIA, April 2-Arr sear Carieton Jayae, law-BOSTON^ April * - * ^ , ^ f J ^ c ^ T ^ i ^ . ^ , i a ;dovereCrowelL A lexandrk. Arr Batarday (aeektautally omli- tad), bars A O Adam*, Hemingway. N. rleana. Tetafraptetd,M t e t i r t t a a r ^ ^ l r ^ ^(Mr. Nichols; I* said it provided that any person who of deUare-ahowmg that the Halted Statescontributed but party are working to drive him off by working for was the bead of a family and a citizen of theaae *iith to the imports of all Spanish America. Heoon- Douglas ia re;erenee to the Charleston Convention, while United States, or bad filed his intention to be-the Southern democratt are most desirous of strengthen- ended that the ruinous policy of excluding American ing the position of Seward as the head of his party, so assteamers from the ocean service was the cause of this to have a fair fight upon the irreoreasible conflictcome a eitixen, should be entitled to the benefit of the oct That was an error. There was a provision in the sixth section which allowed those now in the United States,oommercai daotottoa. England has sixty eight steamers The denial by Hews of certain HMALD statements, who bad declared their intentions of becoming citizens,affecting Ritchie ft Heies as Congress printers, was a pij tog to South American ports, the United States have mere quibble. They gave the indemnity—the two othernone. Mr. Cochrane contendel that postal facilities de- men, acting nominally as the contractors, being only the volved upon government as a duty equally upon dependents in the matter of Ritchie & Helas.to avail themselves of the benefit of this law.Mr. WKSFAJJ—Would you give the tends to persons notcitizens of tbe United SiatesrMr WnJUsuMW replied that he would make the provis-ing movements here. All sides, just now, are watting the result of the Connect!*:lit election.THIRTY-SIXTH CIWGRESS. FIKST SESSION.teem to ail persons declaring their intentions tobeoome citizens. Twenty years ago Congress had adopted, In the passage of the pre-emption laws, the prin- ciple of putting those who declared their Intentions of be- cimirgcitizensonanequabtywithnative born citizens. This sv ttem bad been dictated by an exalted sense of na- tional liberality and the desire of the government to foster immigration. He thought twenty years experience sufficient to confirm the advantages of that policy. Daring that time tlus c a t s of citizens had furnished abundant proof of their lovahy. Why should they now begin to make antbe Territories snd to protect the rights and latereats of snd daughter, O Pares, Mra aad Bits Price. C Wilton, lady. >WASRIXOTOX, April 3,1S6C. ORCAXTXATKiX O* ASTWWt U » COtOBADO.Martaall,P Bernard, W H Cook. Q H Ooat, MtotVMnrdea. Mltc Oderheimer. L B PreaooM, Mat 1 H apgar, MtesB A Ap- gar, W Martin, Mr Hall, H I, A Halt, E Oberttl, Judge- MeOart aad lady, A Newman. 8 J VIBRAZOS, March 25-In port tcbr CWtou. MeOorwdea. tor M Orleans. Omtidethebar, aehr* Florenee, Mount, froaNTOrk, and Carrie Paneford llacktat, from NOrleanaBKVBBLT, March 80—Arr tcbr Dorado, Hlpeon, BVork viaC^ABLBSTOB Mareb Sf>^dabtp*Minnesota (Br), rrtoa, _lirerpool; T > Borer»ebr. Maryland WIMon. and^avalla, Balnea, Batttaa t o T w i A d t a i ^ p b aasserts, could not have more effectually excluded her frompartic ptlion in the commerce which naturally belongs to Mr. GRXEX, (dem.) of Mo., from the Territorial Com oppressive restriction against them? Every battle field,gave to the Territorial Legislature jurisdiction over all subjects of legislation, coo-lerring upon such Legislature the power to fix thequalification of voters. Under this law the Legislatureprescribed the qualification of voters, and they passed samuiscreet and vigorous law, when set up a pro-slaveryteEt us a qualification. What was the results' The Senatestepped in aad annulled the law, and every democratic Bnank and lady, Mr Pilgrim. H n«*i»—tf>g aw1l 4 in theher than the is now by the desolating policy of allowing foreign governaants to drive bar steamers from the ocean. He claimed that all of importance and civilisingmittee, reported bills organiiing Ariaoaa s a l ONorado. POSTAL ATVAina.iram Maine to Mexico, was red with their blood, shed in defence of American liberty. Wherever the flag waa borne in battle, there the heart of the foreigner throbbed beneath it. They stood shoulder te shoulder with the native born citizen; sharedBTresdwelland lady,CD< 40 In the ateerage.- MrsS Woodward andean. W Jr.MtesOHe a^so offered a preamble and resolutioas setting forthlahnence that free institutions are ever to have, can only that Wiiham Medill, Comptroller of the Treasury, had vio- the tame dangers and exulted in the same tri-BtCBBOBDw Ac—Steamibip Roanoke-Dr L Bef A W A Car r t e g t a n , D W H . a . w . . k i ^ n * , . . M , r . B , U . o „ n . a _ n „ d l , a ~ d „ y . - M . —i a * B . . e . w t o n . L ,coursete laid no more forever. He would ansa tbeto enforce the-taw. He regarded it as a sham and a fatae authority. Bis Information was that Pike's Peak tea pretence, and ttterefare could Ml rote for tt. As atow a population of twenty thousand, andwiHlooore defence of national honor tt was worse thanc*ivesaeccetoion of rtlesetflTre thousand. futile, because tt brought that honor into con- Mr. PABKOTT, delegate from Kansas, said Pike's Peak tempi. He believed tho peaceful, quiet, practicalgovernment, in its humanity and wledotn, should or-perience goes, unmarried m m are found no more efficient in robbing tbe government of land, by frauds, than someTBS OVKRXAXD BAH, lie to experience and philosophy I He sincerely hopedHouse, relative to the overland mail service. jcmai.n. BATTUXS.On motion of Mr. BAYARD, (dem.) of Del., the bill con- cerning appeals and writs of error was taken np and passedOn motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill providing for the til' tag of vacancies in certain offices was taken up and puree;. It provides for allowing the court to fill vacancies in Dis-the Kew. In this hope, however, they would be met and resisted by the present administration; for the Secre- tary of the Interior, in his last rei ort. had said that if a gratuitous distrihuUoa of the public lands should be adopted it weula give an undue stimulus to emigration The Secretary cailsd the bomeatead policy a new policy: it was an ancient institution Mr. Wilkinson read an ex tract from the proeeedinga of the government of the refrauds, they could pass laws for t t e suppression of poly- gamy. The Territories of tbe Union being the common I ropetty of the people of all the States, are subject to t i e eglalatsou of Congress, within the sphere of the oon- sMtewon; and within the spbere of the constitution they could revise the laws of the Territorial Legislature when- ever the same were unjust to tte people of tbe entire States. They had to such a case the power to repeal thePottoeeat U ia tte steerage.Wet*. Studley,la tort 2Stb ship Clara L Preble MaxweU. tor Havre: barksJ W Hteka. Oreeaaaa, for Antwerp; Tidal Wave, Watt*, far Bt Peteraburs; Kate Stealer. Lewi*, tor HaviShare: Savaaoih,J'ollej*; Ocean Oulde.Trtoans.to day on the Senate bill increasing the pay of naval offieers. The bill wiH probably be amended a several parti- trict Attorney's or Marshal's offices, accruing during the public of Columbia to show that they had alopted this organic laws of such Territories. While slavery was re-SUB aaas SCX SETSALMAHAC FOB BBW TORE—THIS OAT. 5 891 BOOB tarrsft 27 I HIGH WATEKC W Poutoey. Marabman, far X York; Trinity. Leaak. acd. San Jacinto. Fratut, for Boston. Walton. Jones; Pletataa. Knowlton; J W Friend. Friend. Teuars, making the amiease more uniform among officers. THi SXXATB raaxsM nvasrxiATioji.The Senate Prating Investigating Committee bad thesubject of the House binding before them this morning,<te»icn of the court, until appointments can be made by the PresidentTHB CUUBS AOADSr FABAGUAT.policy for the purpose of securipg emigration. He also read in this connection irom the speech ot Sentator Brown, of Mississippi, when a member of the House, and fromcognised by fifteen States of tbe Union, polygamy was condemned by all the States of the Union ia com- mon. Pro-slavery laws has been- annulled in the Territory of Kaasas; and would it be said after that that they ted not tht power to strike down the abomination of polygamy which existed in Utahr The only objection with any force teat he heard was, that tte system was part ol tbe religious tenets of the people. Now, none could go farther than himself to maintaining that Congress has no power to inflict penal'ies for conscience' sake. It cannot punish men because they hold this or that reli- gious opinion. But whenever religion is used as a cloak to cover crime, whenever an overt act is committed on der cover ot religion, the pretence a no shield, sad thePost or Sew York, April 3, 1860.CTJ**ARFI*T^8teamahiD Jura (Br). Mocdie. Livemool-B Cunard.tyre York, ft* Boston; West, Ptudlej, tor MTork; * Milter, dteg; tear B 8 Jtnes, Ucdtfreyx. mLrHtMPTOX BOAD8, April 8-AIT (by tell ships Ocean ax- nrest. Jarva Island 105 daya; Mary Bradford. Baser s Island 180dayaMOBILE. March 28-Arr trap Advance. Cbfld, Urerpool; bark Vernoa. fmall, Boaon; sebn Aboe i>ee. Foster and R G Wbelden, Cain, Ptiladelphta. Bid Br step Julia, WUhaaat, Li- verpool.MA< IIIAPPORT, Mareb 28-Arr aehr* Lewi* Wateo, Paitie, Feaenden, Hooper, and H Carta. Bead Eaetport for Ptitadei- pbta BM Skb. brtes Cygnet (from « John NB», Bartndw; Bestparto, Stnart, NYork; tear* Boundary, Blunt, and Paran,aad took up the charges preferred by Mr. Coombes, editoraf the Republic newspaper, printed here. He charged the for three months, in accordance with treaty stipulations,was taken up and passed.House Printing Committee with giving out the contract to TUB HOBSHTBAD BILL.Island Company against Paraguay, b y t h e appointment of a commissioner by each government to tit in Washingtonthe claim of the pioneers, who would .be obliged, because they went in advance of the surveyors, to pay tor their lit tie bomts, while the Indolent and shiftless who followed in their trail were rewarded with free homes. In his State, where there were millions of acres of unoccupied publicShip J L Hate, Oravea, Bt John, MB—W1BMBI Dejfunven, Freete, Mew Orteaaa-Bobtoa * Fotdick.Bark Oortotan (Brem) Btaengrafe Bremen.Bark Villafranca. Hill. Havana-W W BntselLBark Makaa, Benner. Wteeaaet-JH DBreokaaa A Co,Brig Alpha (Br), Bobnea. Halifax-D B DewolfBrig Brisk (Br). Heneberry. St John, » B-Thoa Wallaee. rCterk.do Brig Rainbow, Hull', «uck*ville—Walgb Carver A Oba£ehr Mbataner, Amidon, Port au Plan—Poirter A Co.the higheat bidder attend of the lowest. He has not yet Mr. Joaxsox, (dem ) of Tenn., wanted the Homestead land, there were no lands of any value subject to private entry. Ibe Senate bill therefore would be entirely inopebeen able to aake his charges goad. Messrs. Garay and bill aken op and pressed to a final vote. It was a very rative to day in tbe State of Minnesota, he was free to sayGoptoa, of tht House, w e n examined before the committee important measure that if these provisions should be retained the whole bill, THS UmiAB AFPXOFBIATIOX SILLTn port Ska, wtg wind, brig Celt, far NYork: sears Wan H Mitchell, for Porto Rico; Otasabeat, Grant, tor Janata; Oon- greta for NTorkMYSTIC. March 1—Arr tear 8 6ml h. Caere. Norfolk; April LatterOeetta,Burrowa MYork. Sid tteop Bntfly, Kaaaaa. BYork.a regard to thto matter, and they ratter turned the Came up, and the amendments of the Senate adhered so far as any practical benefit would be derived lrom it, party is punished wherever under cloak of religion they£"£ £yd ^^^w o o f1 ' Ai^ua-MeOready, Mott ACo.Beht Bnma V. Cook. Moatego Bag—Brett. Son ACoBehr Hetene, Dentekson,J^barteston- MeOready, Mott ft Co.tables upon Coombs, showing that ha had attempted to coerce them to accept h a hid by threats, Ac. The com mtttee will close up the testimony upon the whole sub- ject of mvesugatlbBS by Thursday next, sad wfll pro-bably make their report earlyAa old s u a by the aaaa of Walker, from' Vermont, has arrived hero, s a t bat anted upon the Chairman of the Harper's tarry Committee,and informed him that te a ia poetesstoa of important facts connected with that aflair, and Is desirous ef baas] sahaoasad before Item. The committee will probably give the old man aa op portnaity of tolling all he knows.TUB (TfAB JUDGE*.Char let E. Siaclair bat resigned his position of Associ-to, after whlsh the bill was postponed till Thursday. TUS HOBKHTKAD H U .might as well be rejected at once. Nothing valuab e would be left save and except tbe recognition of the prin ciple. The friends of the Homestead bill asked andreceive the sanction of government for their institutions. I he time would no doubt come that they would, under tne plea af religion, murder their wives, and under the same plead justification If in one case government recognizes their right to make revolting laws for themselves, how can government oppose them in proceeding to make others more revolting, until it enda to the doctrine—which no doubt they would set up—that they had a right to dis post of the Uvea ef their wives. Ia flat, government must protect tbem to their belief, for on sanctioning one degree of crime they surrender their right to legislate against uny. Suppose the Mormons imagined themselves called upon to oiler up human sacrifices, and that they immolated human beings upon their altars, would their crimes of murder be screened under the plea that it was part of their religious ceremoniesSrhr H May bee. Horton. Cktu-reatnv-Detmer, Potter A CoPehr Sunny South, Wetka, Georgetown, 80—Dolmer. Pottar KBW OBLMASB. MarchSt-Arr statu stop H Vea Qegara,amendment being the Senate bill.Mr. FITCH, (dem.) of lad., offered an amendment thatall lands that came under the provision of this bill should be only those subject to private entry at the passage of the aw.Mr. WiLKissos, (dem.) of Mm., said he had seen large swadfing operations carried on, wherein whole town- ships or and had passed into the hands o( tingle indi vMuaa, oppressing t t e settlers on the one hand and de- frauding the government on the other. He bad tra veiled miles and miles over his own State, aad found all tte aad taken up where there was no cultivation and no habitation whatever. Under the existing practice the sptri. of speculat.on, and the desire for tne acquisition oflarge tracts of land, had become so strong that little at tentian was paid to the salutary and necessary safeguard that Congress saw fit to throw around the land laws. The present system, designed aad established to a spirit of national justice, had entirely tailed to meet the ends of its authors. Simply this foundation upon which the sys-turned land speculator, and sought to replenish its trea cepting Governor Cumnungs aad Surveyor General Stam- tnry by traffic and speculation In the pub io lands, while bangh, are now a Utah. the primary object of the government was the sale of too pubBc domain. As great care would be taken for the faithful execution of laws, the observance of the To give Urns to aarwhsats af Haw York to examine the land laws was the exception, tne violation the rule. If the government turned speculator, why should the peopleviolate tne tows? Therefore, it waa with peeob&r gratifi cattun that he saw the proposed change in the form of a Homestead bilL Tne original bill reported from the House of Representatives had his hearty concurrence whilst the Senate bill, recognizing the jus tice of the general principle, appeared to him to lack the force aad vitality ot the needed provision. This he taid with all deference to the gentleman (Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee), who had intro duced the proposition in its present form. He had actedthe attention or tile Senate the provision limiting the ap- plication of the bill to alternate sections of the public lands, which he regarded as particularly objectionable, because it seemed to be a desire on the part of tbe gov- ernment to make the energy and enterprise of thepeeplelebr M Niebolg, fTfli*b*thport taaaata Steamer Artteaa. Fater. Baltimore,Steamer Vulcan Mttrrteon. Philadelphia. eteaaer Dawn. Perry, Bow Bedford8 Otetiu.Belrner*, Braaerhaven: bark Jenny Pnt*. Snow, Bockland; •rare VtaBent, l^aaoosa, Nattau; Srivia. Hathaway B e e West. Cld iblpt Wilbur FUk, Cutter, Cetattal Empire, Faroe, JabaBarbour (Br), Mason, snd Zetland (Bi). Ciuney Utar- poo!: Maraball, Sprtgua, Bt Petersburg; Ste brig trrteteae, Fetaberlo, MaraeiUee; tear* Blac* *qo*fl. n—iMwi. Oarten**; JoaH toone. Pennltgton, Braaoa. • lHtnea,BwtetaGalCat Delaney, PataApril 8—Arr (by Ul) sbtos B C Wintbrop, Uverpaol;to, lBdiana, and Batex, ~ , Cetaaaat, MTork; bark Al- goaQute, OaKstBtaTowed to tea 26tt, amp Ubrador.NORFOLK. March 81-Cld achrt May flower, Churckill, Boi tonjBbtAaACooptr, Me.NEW BIDPOBD, AprU 2-Sld tehrt Z Secor, Bobbins. Nor- folk; CaHhasena. Crapo. aad Baeatatoah, BJackmer, Phite- d*S4fcv5Ja.B p*n»(frcta Wareham), FtaVNYoreNEWPORT April ujg AM—In port ttarsteaaar. Harrteg- lon,JrcaPo«la«JforNYcrt;8*aBird. Bpear, aad Crnriene. Arey saaktend far a s ; eusan ft Mars, Cooper. Camden far Norfolk; Albert Field, PbtlUpa Taoitou for Baldmcre ;ate Judge of the Bated, S a t e s Supreme Court tor Utah.Judge Oadlebaagh, af Mat Territory, to saw hi Washing-tea. It is not known thai any of the federal officers, ex- £ em rests was laid in error, and the government itself hadlygamy bill.The following Mthe bill for the punishment and suppreeeion of polygamy, now under consideration In theHouse at Washington —the old Roman law, which gave to the fatter the power of life and death over hie children, could they commit murder with impunity because that the law, the domestic institution of the country, gave the father power over the life of his child? Immediate ac- tion on the part of government is necessary to stop the evil. I am in favor ot the amendment of tbe gentleman from Texas, whtch preyidea lor a gradual extinction ofship North^Attentic (of Newpunport). ftaetor, Calcutta, Brothers, Ltanell: Xstaa O Curtte, Horton. aad Maria Nov M, with Kaaeed. UJ H .1 Baker A Bro. Paaeed Rand Head* Theresa. Moore, Bcatan for T»ngier Baker, Niweowft. B B P.*?,1.1 °>p e 0<VHl H°P« F ' b ' S1 H«'«n» D'b March 10, lat Wright Brown, tad Ortota Horton. do for do; CM*, Kclley, 1»0W.IOB«8 8».tpoie Br ibrre masted sear Aurora, Croat do*or NYork; Carostee Ban. (-raham. F*fl*lll»lli fur Man-Llatafor tiemtrara; 80th. lat S* «, ion 7034. taw ship Sam tneka; Only Son. aatiman, Boston for bYork; Amein Kelley.xaa aavsai's u v trax CBABGXS Mumst t n AD*ixmnu-naoi.Mr. Botterworth was to-day examined before Covodo't r o a a t l e e Ha was asked If te enatrfbntod any money to the election of Mr. Buchanan,aad if so, how much?Dunning, bound B. bad lost head of fore topmast. Tte M A res beta 18 daya » of l a SO, with light and changeable wet*toaforbi&fortteoodifH*taatfttertweaaaaws,Mr. Cochrane will postpone Ms eonsMaratioa until the middle of May Bant.Pkiladerrhla; Fiavilla. Plnkney.Step Corn Linn, Lntber. Qlaagpw Jan S, via Queenttown 48 ' tea; Aaaat, Sanborn, Msabtes far NTork;He stosos that te ted given five hundred dollars to aeaurah*(Mr.Bnoteaaas) election,because te believed uponthfcseconvictions;bnt hemost repeat that,in hit the suosass af the dssaoerstic party essential to the good judgment at least, tte Senante had not reached theFonttata, Pearee, Baltimore; ISta. Loey Wbtunan. t U r t a u , Florida,noteBrbarkAvoa.fromMaanaaforUvsroool. erton.ValparaMoandCaUao;MM.brigLonteaPSnow,Btalth,The House Homestead Dill was taxen up, the pending demanded a practical operative bill. He calledft Co.Behr 14a de la Torre, Horton, Morehead Ctiy—D C Murray Behr Magellan. Inman, Williamsburg.Behr Maria Jane, Letts, P»ter»bu»g—Van Brunt ft Stega.which seriously tended to datroy its efficiency,J^P*&&£ (Brh F * y « ^ »0rt au fttaos, Mareb 6, with erCee t c , tolvoiker. Mollman A Co. Had very heavy w<and one of its restrictions was illiberal, when liberalityg**** L^b-cog, BcTd^fiinglnu, KC. 4days. Sear W B BttetT Ho .TlrsjSchr M s df Ptoea, »re»eb Virtlnia, 8 day*.policy,He couldfront fha t h a n BBBSBMBBSSFX*1*Sr.GUtx sad.» =contrivances.Be it enacted. That tte thwdend tourth sections ofa bubject of speculation.[Here our despatch breaks off.]Hoaaa or Representatives.—=* WASauoToa, April 3, 1880ARRIVEDStoamtten B B Cuyter, Croaker. Bavaanah. wuasttawagera. to B b Cremwai ft Co. Had heavy „with blronc bead winds Ibe steamahtp Alabama, on taariac part, got afoul of a schr »nd had her wheelhonae oarried awa>* tarpanwagersaad aaite were taea tranaferred to tbe Cuyter, and the A retort ed for repair*aataawte Marten, Foster. Chartetteu. wnn adat ana paste* gera. to Bporfbrd, Tile»ton A Co. lit tost, 10:10 PM. aignahzed tteamtbip Aoautta. hence for Savannah.Steamahtp Roanoke, Couch. Ricnmond, Ae, wtthmdte aad saatensert. to Lodtam ft Hetaeken.up ofBAB* MAWS M aaaaata,*! serge cf sugar and molatsea, of •it regal* a part of Kacsss. At one time the popttiattoa wasprohabrjr, from aight hundred thousand to a million of address iteel* to the laboring masses ID the (sormiry, who as high at Ufiy thousand, and at no time has it teeniest solution of > the question wag now within reach.doUars, besides huge suns annua!!* to keep it la repair.than ten thousand. HM correspondence and examinationtatttHedhim that tbe number will be largely augmenteuthtesaaaner, but be did not wish Kansas te be curtailed Valley and the gold mines of Pike't Peak afarsad a sola ofberfairfair proportionstillshea admitted into theUnion-Imfortcmce of ae (tentattc** KUaion—Iu Egect ON(he Prt tidmtial SateMan—Ta« P*bUc Printing, <ic.laws, nor the propriety of abolishing oae evil for tte pur- pose of establishing another. He regarded » as unwise, and he might ray angutt; and It would push out entirely tt e early lettlers who had been tbe first to go to the Great Wert. Be was somewhat surpraed to tear the senatorMr. Sami, (dem.) of Va., did not believe Jeffersonia has five thousand inhabitants.Mr. McCuatXAxn responded that bis friend was eeepti cal on many subjects, tnd urged his plan for destroying rajyresM by ttiylditg the territory between Pad's Peak and Nevada, end bringing (be Mormons under the influ-uia ce of a moral class ot people.MB. LAMAR, (dem. of Miss.) had no doubt as to theiter* a* farther ceanaaatontto* with them, bat If oa all sides are held in abeyance, awaiting the result in ihn very reason. The men who emigrated to tte they desired te enter late discussion concerning the bear• Caaecttoat The republicans are confident; but the dd- West aad built up fortune and reputation wereitag ef the law ot aetata ia the premaes, ae would «asmtotheboas*ail the lafonaatlaa required.the men of all others to whom the moat liberal provi- aocraa are not without thaw hope af success. The old sions of tbe sot should appjy. Their services Werelinewhigs,Americans,Ac,aremoreinterestedthanany needed. TheseyoungunmarriedmenwerethevanguardMr. KWIT. fjdem.) of a C.. opposed tte bill. He ask- at St Helena *>b6. Mechanic. Cory, Bow]wore so olten crushed down by the conflict between capital and labor. He objected to tte Senate bill be- cause it excluded from its operation all tne young un- married men. Ho did not are why this bill shouldHe wss h»?py in the belief that the peaceful, quiet, prac tical solution Of t t e question was now within reach. He was batatas the beaef thai the silver mines ef CarsonOar Washington Correspondence.WASHmaTon, April a, I860. te kss liberal than the present preemptionTHB STPnUBSIOB OF FOLTCABT W CTABThe House resumed the consideration of the anti-Po to sacrifice? Suppose that these Mormons adoptedBill to Punish ana Prevent the Practice of Polygamy in theTerritories of tbe United States and other places, anddisapproving and annulling certain acts of the Legls the evil. You cannot kt once uproot polygamy. YouHarwich tor do. Metaesger, Doare. and Telegraph, BWsh. Boe- r do; B B Smith, Bobtator,Nantucket far do; Ataert Det-iWROMlMBW STNGLB jIt" IiaSSm L«Ult^ef'l^lative Aasembry of the Territory of Utah, and which sea forth:Whereas, tt is admitted that polygamy is permitted bvthe municipal regulations of one of the Territories of this Union, and is sought to be justified on the ground that this abomination to a Christian country is a religious rite of the inhabitants of said Territory; and, whereas, no principle of self-government or citizen sovereignty can require or justify tbe practice of said moral pollution; therefore,canatt at once overturnuhe social system of a people pos-sessing sr.ch an organised centralization, endowed withsuch vital power and energy as is possessed by these Mor-mons. He would make this act not immediate, bnt be Ship Southampton, Pratt, I*ndoo. March t with mdae and Si wouldgiveitaretrospbetivecharacter. Togetridof tte pastengwt,tosjEMorgan MarebS'.rattt03,Ion6680,spokeabominable evil gradnatry would be the best Indeed if it could not be get rid of in any other way, he would be mtavorof buying the Mormons out. Be would autho- rize the President to pay them to go away from the ter-ritory altogether. But to attempt to uprootoneOfthe .«Bi^KCeleJllt2J S0»Jo,)l,^?f' Paterao,FreMVOttrtJ- motPortlandforBYork;aadmanyother*,watchhavebeandetained for tk*la*t ten day* b* bead »tad.7 FM—AU tee vessels bound 8 aad B haws gone a sea,Tboae bound westward remain.PENSaOOLa, March 22-Arr sear Ttewnes OAeton. Wood-ward. Lavaca. Cld 17th, ashrs HArriet, Saunder*. Lavaca.B»rk Trovatara_(of Seartportt. Carver, Mataczaa. Mareb 21.Mr. KOKLL, (dem) of Mo, repudiated entirely tho idea FvSw,2l,?,i.i,MBW!!tol A*"".* CSMe: MarehH off.Cape I WPratt. Chapman, tabine; 21a taip Betty WUrmm*. lttek-have effect.general to it* application, and extended to treason andother ofleoces} against tte United States. Congress, by tie party. Slavery, indeed, stood upon aexeeuuoaoft t etows whtohthey have•oaaAuea 1st,Tatar.at Mobile from PhiaastoMa,wan • to throw otarboard deck laad.»*;, ,-•»'!*•*»'f* i Tover tte Territories, to revise their legislation, to reverseit, to attend the organic law, to repeal their acta and punish offences within the Terri ories, has been asserted fromtbe louadauon of the government to the present day. The bet, he would call on tbe Delegate from Utah. Confutation pave the power to punish polygamy, but itsent day, but tbat power has been exercised. Mr. Lamarsocial principles of nearly sixty thousand people by a single act would be futile indeed.Resolved, Thst il any person or persons, being mar-ried, and an inhabitant of any Territory of the UnitedStates, or other place over waioh tbe United States pos-sesses exclusive jurisdiction, shall intermarry with any per-son or persons, Orcohabit with any person or persons, orlivewithanypersonorpersonsaspartners,acknowledg-ing conjugal relations, the former husband or wife being that ihsre is an analogy between the crime of polygamy i s to J F J TM ^ Oraway, AsplnwalL 16 days, wah hi Its Havana.alive, he, she, or they so offend tag, shall, on convictionthereof, pay a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, andbe imprisoned not less than two years,nor mwe than fiveyears: provided, nevertheless, that this section, or any-thing therein contained, shall not extend to any person orpersons whose husband or wife shall absent himself orherselfonefromtheotherfortbespaceoffiveyearsthe ^y*^1- *}*,ni8bulP*""w«****b^termaketheappro- "tofHParker.Parker.vwrtateVidays.PHllADILPHlA, AarOf-Arr tteamert Kettwarton Ba- ker, Beaton: Kennebec, Hand, NYork; bark Stampede. Lewte, Metatoa: Mbr* >ahton Beos, Theareou, »K)rtetatTD S r •ton Allen. Boatan. Cld barkbrir H»llle Jackaon (tew), UgtejO^'BreaaJ^Sfa^^•tep Wjotnlrg from Llverponl Cld tteamer Kennebec. Hand. MVork: Mbrt | C KaiaU, Wairtew, Harana Franea* N e V ton. r rceiton BerfaatPCBTLABD. MarchSl-Arr barksDavidBtetete.Bteketa, C«d«M; Caroline ElietAaElkm* Bosun; tears J C Brook*, Graffaa. Maianzas; B O WuTtrd Pararea. Baltttnore Hornet, Healer. Phiradalphia. Cld Br tiaamthlnt North Brtton. Ber- £Jftel^I^!%'j^+> P K »»»ad botsatdH* M ^ D » W r t » E t t S £ V E % Dyer. Dyer. Charleston: Lucy_W Ajetander. BoclUand (or Nortoik, ac-eradteg to wad):' Bealr >: : 2 a ^ * ? t r ^ ^ S a a ! T!gfy. 'J Ph**tTHidrtpbla: Oraneeueat. MillerNYork: 6arah _i h M BSbherman, Sherman, Baltlawe; faopittry.. March 81-Bid;schr HendrtekBodson, Lto-ecm. Wiprlt.-£A K f»ANC18CO.MarebS-ArrSsto*FAPalmer. NYork164daya:«th.CteteNo2(Prj.VueHavrelte.O Brant. Brtton 1*5; 7 » Loonore MttcbeU, Teisket O d l abipa Etectra (Br), Cayrer, Sydrav: 7m. Jtua OcwtoafPrk AbelUe, Mandtan; Blowdtt. Luat, OaJteo; 8th. C 8 sttaatr Bttlnaw. Sebenek, Bocalnlu.12ta—Arr (by tel) thips Eapor.niftr. BJaowtov. Batten; May- sard Freres.n, Hlork via Boaoa; ISth. Harry BAtttaaa. Great Kecublte, UBateruar. Oeata Tetegreob, flt-tbipBeattttrdlnc.Dvar. Lfrerpool;1one of them not knowing the other to be living withm'thattime, nor to any person or persons who shall as, a. thetimeofsuchmarriage,divorcedby competentauthority, pastingadire*law,whichwouldbeimpracticable Let fehrBJoaaaon.Seott,BostonforAlbany,or to any person or persons whose former marriage by sentence of competent authority, shall have beendeclar- ed void.tbe power of the people of Utah to legislate be withdrawn and transferred to tome other body, which will not exer- cise tt so as to shock t t e moral sense.fehr Augasto, Kelley, Mew Bedford, 3 daya. |eteKoat«th. Lee, Newburypert, S daysBehr Marv H Barkt, Banka, iridgeport, 2 days. fear Fred Hall, Pretty, PorUanZTuaiA ScbrWBOenn, Nye. Albany for Boaon.Sloop Wlllard. Buckingham, Providenee, 2 days.tafetenot might be drawn from his refusal tohe stated ha held his office by noneither the rvwrtaevtt nor any other man would venture to reasonable resistance to a measure of this nature, a* seret. to called, namely, "An ordinance incorporatine the to it. He showed that Congress has full power to pass the •tester Pettcaa. AMrteaTPiorMsaesto bring taetr proposition in this form to make it ascept able to all parties. He confessed he did not expect anySec. 2. Be it further enacted. That tbe following ordi- nance of the Provisional Government of the bate of De-Mr OL«, (rep.) of N. Y., addressed the House hi favor of tte bill and against the various amendmento offeredU d ,itto0 olthel wf »• sussjprt the Locompton posed to tte whole sstesas of givtog away the public P K ° 5 i ? r * . * » M* reaoluttons ia force doctrine cf squatter or popular sovet«a iartoads,sadcouldnothateaidbeforetheSenateaawaagar proofofbisopposition.Hisamendmentwasimpracticable, tad its only effect would be to destroy and defeat the bill. That Senator went on to say that.he regarded the measure * the tame hght ha regarded a donation of money from tte testes! treasury, if the 8enator had really stated hi»;ifhe hatha or graotatoi than at—faJs ptu!bli.„c treasury; if, la short, hw !^**M°a«MaliBnted to this narrow prospect, hev^vta-STL!? J!* "^ understand the prtacipasiainUtahTerritory,theirpublicationaaddistribution,"and*UJ>t?Wr -,iC^,a.p*rtilof •*" ^retofore P»«edby the lteemed tohim Providence had permitted Uia' that it SooihitogrowupinOUT midst as a steading reb against the madness and folly of abdiatinVttiTpower of COBgross over the Territories: * p o w * * mT e l e e r m p hHIGHLANDS Aprils, tuntet—Bo tewareboundsaid Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, whichestablish, support, maintain, shield or countenance w l y a va y . be, aad the same hereby are, disapproved and innuRec" trevktedthrttoMartAau'ije.o^tej^"strued as not to affect or interfere with tte rtaht of oroperty legally acquired under the ordinance heretoforementioned, nor with the right to "worafciTGod aeTMS?,TM ^Mr. Jamas*, (dem.) ef Va., inquired-"Do you say ve^"V^17iI c^2icl; E^^ZSUES io the dictates ofconscience,' butcnly to^uanlal lacteallaws which establish, maintain, protect or cxjnnlenance the practice of polygamy, evasively called spiritual mar riage, however disguised by legal or euclreiasUcalaoE p nWtaSd rB,SfrSeth. ;- w*e*a£th*e*r*!c>lear.^ ^ ' o r H A v r aaa T r a * P MBMB- BRAXCHS SlHSTTirTS.We are Indebted to fromenetotwodaytteadvaaeeofaad tte tame are, hereby repealed.Sec 2. And belt furtter enacted, That hereafter, thelegislative power a t defined and h a t e d ia said act shall te rested to tte Governor, and thirteen af ska mostttanddacreetpersonsoftteTerritory,tobesailed the Legislative Council, who shall be appointed btanaialty kyltePrecdeatafMaUnitedStates,bysndwiththeUntitled DocumentOhto, remarked, tf tte ^prytoannul certain taws of Utah ny be would vote for it without hesi- far beyond that, aad professed tofrom Savannah. Taeauemive purser ha i pers in advance of tbe mailBcwAjra*T Ko XX, containing addtttons and correction* to • a Amerteaa Uoyds, has teas aaairvei froa Meatrt B ft O W Htoat,thepnhthhare. Tbteeieeltentandvalnabtoworkre attest tte approval of tte Board of Uadarwrttars ia June 1857, and also that of the Brirea Board of Trade for^ttonal t'ode of *Oaring a colloquy between Mr. FAEXBWORTH (tun \ of 11, and Mr Clark of Missouri, the f o r a e r S j f f w e esight WlndS, freah SANDY HOOK, Aa-fl 8,toout past theFult13069'on New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com%TM2*S**<£*;)<*n<r?!S.,Bw*Te7or«»Bl1»dd?,te«*te to to« AWTIWTMB "B»atioa upon all rightful sub9ri" ""i,C' •f•-,WlaeteenAryTBattaWB. Need B T -l»ry»Tarrltorias\J25£?\JlTerritorytheir own way, subject only te toe constitution.This wasnow the rettled policy of the country and ef theritoral government, ted delegated osrtelapowers, so that the criminal became amenable to thelocal law. Be admitted that polygamy la a gnat evil entitled to ail the sanctions of property. BatheandanateancehitteeyesofChristendom,andthatftde- gentlemen tbat there were millionswhodidnotunder- aorirdonColdspringBar,reaalnahardon,with7feetafwiBear Prairie Planar, tot toes, beta to Itton of this vexed question of polygamy. He then advo aad from Wiekmrd. aid be eonuaued'a die oca cated a plan a form these into two aad dlttricw. aad aivide the Territory of Utah equally between them, showing A IT tt Kew; 1—tbe advantages of such an arrangement, the moral p»pnlation being stcb as effectually to put an end to poly gamy.No one, he said. (opposed the men of Pike's Peal: wouldallow u,moLofoly of tbe women. (laughter.) He also o f f i aae.' £ & £ % £ £ * £ «declared hiroseIfagainst Otaorganisationof any mors Ter- sa^wrtovTTw spstoat atvtot naurtous IftuV raaedHute*;ritories, an J thought the time BOW spent to wrangling tew day. after;lwn. Brevrater, Waft"a. Mat^ % ^ * s a « J ? f c a about those in,existence could bo spent more profitably. lefiMauriiiu.: tote Pamela. Bloeum, KB. 170tpsown, uftpower at Congreauo suppress polygamy and felony of allkindsmtbeTerritories. IthadbeenaskedIfpolygamybe suppressed, may not the republicans seize upon theprinciple and suppress slavery. But the cryof humanity,order,labor, and squatter sovereignty, are all pretextsmade to play their subtle parte la the great drama againsttbe South. There was no way to meet the question before read, an extract from the taw esteMahteg tte obnrefa.ed,doesr^lygamyexistlnUtahi1toWhatproof,waathere here ol the lea? With a view to intelligent legalation tte evidence of it ought to be produced.a^aantathttti S S l ^ l a S w S * Helena at reponad)"*-••Mr. K»IIT asked where polygamy was found in tte ex sp tees tea reporttract read? at at Paul eeUsaaa Feb to. step Uaawtes, AMrteh.MB.antercourse or concubinage may exat, bnt tte bill does actPersonalHon. Edward Everett, of Boston, is stopping at the Hve row, dee'd). for r«ewi*»L _ „_ •all classes there—to protect the institution of slavery children and tenant* C E Pratt, Mme dOranta, J Baun, J P brig. CM ship Mary Haaatood Irrer. BewJWf— Mora, J Wheeler, O 8 Boyden, B 8 WiQlama, F Freeman, J H %*?£zj"&£*&^tchob^rthereto, and if neeeeeary to overrule Territorial legiala Bavetaoa, P Keiterta, J Day. W A Mct^an, MMMtotB, HHonottbe subject The same distinguished atoataaaa Draper. J BAianega, MraadMiaGraves aadH lathe Millard, Bnow. Jeremle; Samuel Giiman,CroweB,aadsteerage.further asserted, that Congress had tte power to go intotbe heart of a Territory to annul the law prohibiting sla-very therein, and to pass laws securing every eitixentherem in the full enjoyment of such rights. He calledattention to a clause in tte Kansas bill which Ian. J H Maehetti, J Barris, 8 Hodgkinton, O W Spencer, J B BedfordOBABtasTOB—81mathm Marina—J Kefir. 8 A Beaks. Mra Huntoon, Mrs Wild. B lbbotaoa, 8 H Chtekering, C Ftugerald, MBenedict. MOBrook*. 8 B Andrews W N CaagardtTJ J Noq B S S i o TM A % C ! f r X^enry*LSata Orant. M,- bll*;tebrtldalta(Br) Fhek, Cape Cautt. NHHSaiV<kwwe*L BsBaV CM bark Marion Powter. l i o Jtaahn J U r M Fraakha, Data, Ponce, PBtsehr X H Aetna, Htosktof, Maw*b'o D»Dlel Webster, baaoe tor London.tte bar. Br stoanabrp Jura, for Urerbool, Hook. WhiMn"dS, weather ctear.DEPARTTRES.ate, Morton. NTork.SHIPPING NEWStnag; Ivadae, Kerr, and Pakwetio, Gray,. mfo» Uvcmeol;.morn4 377 Ul WBouta. Bearte, aad Starlight. Beans, day brig*J Maindtt s. with mdte. to Dwsteaalkkwon H Jfarpffi ( Q U t ) l m t e h l 0 e t t Wto^fjeetu^* *** * *> **»» withwine Ae, Dyer. Jamiann. Bocktaod for Rlctmond; MmI—UJter 26th, with fruit, to JtsBobrnton. From March 20 to 27th btdeonsteat NW and WWW .air. .mee then badMgM baffliog w.r^s; wa. 12 days from lat 36 SO, Ion71 March30Ttat 88, to5 07 48, tpoke brig PoHux, heaaa tor Bio GrandfcSBIP ASBBCBTOH—Mr Bbaa 89saka. reports that skip Aiaburtoo (ofTrovuOALVEBTON. March 22-arr tear Maria nPeaaaeola: 2td. bark*s l^eaeVFaawy, U^ipo**; T W Bovm. Bearte, do, StaraghLa*rt«bL Bearae. Ntork, J W friend. Friend; B OWDoege, Kbw: JMHick*.J aVwaawaWsts*urtT'MlNGTOM BC. Mar** 3 0 - t r r TtenIrnuteaerts. Preaeto O'l'ont^l. WTiwk:Sltt,tetraHarp.Wiisaa*Jean, tB,B Young. Baton, MTork; awteBtgate*. alitott, tonWILMINGTON, D*:. MarthSO-Arr tear Spray, Prtee, IJorttetee, Pttttdttoteav CMw *• iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street 