 firstfi,wcourtaoe-. ioerfeyby fl^of Saffrag*atofcolrrorConventions"Dwaoctratie^ |>egreee « f t i #they aotae- / reafBrmedt lotion, there- r, it has beer* i doe* not dig-it of Suffrage* »all that n^»4 ^ g froth aboutfagr© militia,'* challenges at->**d to that ea- »e interveningperil tor aievCaJpfonr Stat« w*whij©pop- kv«ryT S ^«tbeinhabits pr race; BOW. sixtieth,if*> or hate of this fy a great an* «>" and natural conMbuteby^ S t a ^ a n d i i - their penalties!v»by th«y arej|•m they are t$ J a-% eewi-allw it^HJhumblest.oo*rydebarred,; pe^ryavweuo ic«tion. Their hey mustpaaa. a .\-d that, left brie outcast o r ringcontempt. ^reoSocietyof •ai ana*just re- posetoundo n*ace,andre- concessionofword*, at thiaSqna] Saftragsree, the prees-tiieet and most-itwill incite0 deserve thaotectmg then*>ly, it will in»>,«***« *l^w^.-wi4»w"- »•-y-« a voice h*j©f our citizens stood fixed a*d immo*ably spell boaud tJoD, aid the egg took bint elap on the ride of his head. in1849 in the North and West _) by hie fi>ry eloquence. Broderick, the gallant and de- He cup»ed like mad, and then they>held a meetin' and DEMOCRATIC ABOLITION REVOLUTION OF OHIO INing made up his mind that the Republican is tha work* in g-man's party, joined a Wide-Awake Club, a n datary aeeoeia- 50 o r een»nre» Tom all official nd likewise ait claw of citi- 6y, uponthadeclaration: on the "Rise and Fall of the Pro-Slavery Democracy," Rttclved, That the institution o f human Slavery Is at vari- and the Rise and Dutiee of the Republican Party." ance with the thtoiy of our Government, abhorrent to tlie com-this consent will n o tbegiven. Theonlysueforax>?t and suf- • e public eleo-*xi .citizens--*e to do—can-^ KOt^istry, bei fiooeteet, or egard, eitherh* ^argument wirjibolding ihyofavio-riean) struck The pres- which h«db y waa likely «e whatever» t h e y might e a s e d b y t h a i tiihebirth, tivrir assaultaofthecause) mre their an- bus establish,country, be- 'Biga popala- the one side*- iaoce,trulyI n catting ol£ «he Damo-afluxofthe L><smoeraticc » fight theirleees-. B u t may fern* howeverthaobetiaaivof bo Amencaa d&hdlanda-riaamenand!Jed to by the . coi^ration.. ^roand that»rovoke riot r:y hie been^ it from thia »dhjrbeen ere. I will 3;u•/.->/ blood i.'i pay, that ocation, it i s •> pavementstbsir etreeta ivii thehigh- Id driok ut> fiict between ed- tesfioae— •eigoew ga^-Ar.'i this it ia too late,mon tentimebt of mankind, and fraught with dauger to all who come w ithin the «ph«re o f its tnflneijce; That the. Federal Gov- ernment ^potwuet adequate power to Inhibit itg exiitekon in the Terriioritsi. of the Uiior ; That the con»t!tu ionalltj of this pow- er ha* been »t:ttlc4 )>y Ju^lolal -conetruoiiyn, b y ooUmporauoou* expositions, and repeated acts of l*gt'Luton; and that we enjoin cpon our Senator* and R^prn««nt«tiv«a in Congreas to make every exertion, and employ all tbeirinfinence to procure thepa#-—Solis Ritterband will epeak at Elizabeth; N. JJ, Nov. 3; Yonkers, N. Y., Nov.5; PoughkeepBie, N. Y., NOV. 5 . - .'-.; . . ;••;.••',••,•,—There w a s a large and enthusiastic meeting o f Republicans at Modena, Ulster'County, on the eveningthe fossils of the past. Heretofore the annual fainaPoet-Office that will meet all the requirements, is th e City-Hall Park.MR. PAGE'S LECTURES AT THE ATHENAEUM CLUB.— Mr. William Page de ivered on Friday evening an in- troductory io a course of lectures on "Art," beforefutter the faintest ejaculation f o r t h e salvation o f h i sFROMCALIFORNIA.,ffusion; by the gift of money; 4>y bribes; b? any mtavis m*y be eold, one-half the money to be paid to »h* in-. »tions, amorg which was the following stringently Re- the Bedford Court-House on Monday evening, Nov. 5, publican, b u t emphatically benevolent and christian.,. , 'jjLDEMOCRATIC RKSOLCTIONS CHESETTS IN 1849.§?ht that hasevertaken place in thia State. The nddhridge men prefer to we Lincoln elected fa prof- erence to DongJaa, ui»d vice versa. The popular vote ofoorStAtewillnotreachoveronehundr»dandtenthou- am»d,dl«trihot«daef'llowe: Lincoln,40000; Dooglae, 30O00; Breckinridge, 25 000; the Old Geutleman'a, p«rty» J5,C00. Yop may conwder thia an over ee»im*te ofoarpowerinthieSt«te.batyonrememberwhileat ChicagoIth«apredi«t«dtheelectionofthenobleand gif^eoWLE.D.B.ik*r,aeSenatorfromOregon, wbkb, haviig taken place, I feel fully josdfied in cl*im- inf somoecneiderationformy political progaoa«.icatioQa.knowyou,eitherpersonally OFthroughaweJl-aarnedCITYITEMS.'.-I^KNALTT OPBEING AWr»E-AwAKK.—IftherebeJSre thie will reach y.»n, the telegraph and Pooy Ex- preee villi have given von the uewaof Bak-r'a election to the Senate from Oregon—the ur«t great triumph that Fr*c Labor baeh*d oo the Pacific coast. When the new* o f We election was rec*ived in this city, thera was a manifestation of joy, and yon could read in theany means. M r Phi lips rubbed do *n the Egyr/.iausin n o very pleasant manner. T h e Hon. Robert Q, way hostile to Freedom, and which so effectually contributes toThe monthly meeting o f the 'Institute was held o nThursday. The President in the chair. .After the ttaual facture; s of furniture, and have large warehouse*, a t r .Utine business, Mr. Thomas McElrath, Correspond-ing Secretary o f the Institute, presented a report upon Nos 87 and 41 Bowery, aodaleo, we believe, m Pead the best means for enlarging its usefulness. It having street. Messrs Do Graui oc Taylor are also Demo- been pretty well understood that Mr. McElrath would crats, to which we have nothing to tayy for w e pre-countenance <*f thinking men, who bad the true inter- est of our State at bearc that the-e was ahrightdeetioyWis , under date o? Oct. 29: . v \ ^ ! "You have no ides how amusing it is to watch thePark of toe late firm of Metwr*. Shatere, Park & Hy- .de&fekJt^attoTneys; Frederick Biliinasof thefirmof lleeers. BaHi>ck, Peachy & Bi«tf >g*, u> attorneys forButmyfirsteffortgetstoolong.Ycurs,&c,a.p..party which every Demoorat throughout the length jec shimeelf'o fioe andimorisonment, or bota, at tbe andbreadthofthelandshouldstrivetooverthrowby discjetionoftheCourt,andtheslave 60broughtbackethe Almaden Mine; aod Mark Brumagim & Co., theA WORD OF EXHORTATION TO THE DEMO- which thf»y can employ tb«effect tlijs object! And yet former and the other naif- to the county. A nd I read 5 h of June, 1828, however, the late Joseph Blunt from each Election District in the City, to Headquar- tbe Republican party in no State of.the Union has ever from the Executive Committee, reported ia favor of ters, where the reportersof the press will be in wait-oldest bankers in the State. Few men possees in aoy'CRATS OF,1849. indoieed the Abolition eei\timent contained in the above an extract from a speech of the Hon. Green Adams.of a public fair, and it was subsequently hnld at Marinewill rejoice that throngh his indomitable will and en- ergy of character, he has at last achieved the mostbeginning with the "old Hero of New-Orleans," andrunning down till about 1850 or a little la^er, when theparty denying its principles and ''eating its o w n Like ihtm, th'ey regard "the institution as atVariance slave proper'y there ia scarcely, a State in t i l -union that uasIn May 1829, a charier of incorporation: waa pro-\IItrain stoppeda tLtwrencevilleStationpretention, we are assured, will give a good account York and Boston, who have pronounced the article o f valued and of real importance, but o f late they nave lost much o f this. Mr. M^ETath'believed that all o fof herself at the comiag election. The Douglas faction my correspondent " a gross and unjustifiable librl" o n the ancient prestige of the Institute could be regainsd, t h e c h a r a c t e r o f Mr . W i l l i a m s o n . 1 h a v e n o h e a i t a i o n a n d f a r m o r e t h a n t h i s , f o r h e f e l t a s s u r e d t h a t i t c o u l dscribers.; mS I N G U L A R P R E S E R V A T I O N O F P R O P E R T Y ; — O aiIabout for my wares, I bes»rd (for seeing was out o f the Convention " enjoined it upon their Senatore and Rep-basattemptedtwomeetings,but,theywereboth indisavowingandretractinganyandalloftheactte- bemadeth«mostinfluentialscientificbodyiuAmerica. Thursdayafternoon,duringtheconfusionattendingth*question)hevoicesofthe»hrt>eunhappystamperssunt resentativesin'Congresstomakeevetyexertion,and down a» missionaries to eni'ghten the natives. After 1 employ all their influence, to procure the passage of afailures. The Republicans, however, under very short menta made in that letter, being now satisfied that the This would be brought about: noticeonthe29thhit.,respondedtoacallinvaat chargesmace/bymycorrespondenthavenofoundation"WeD, itwssia«tweek, butit'sgoneup,"anddowntlammedthewindow,asHoodwouldhavesaid, andourItepresentativesrequ^tod,tovoteagainstanyaotest*b.inanableand*clearvindicatiohofRepublicanpriacipleB, and closed with an earnest appeal to the Republicans of•with a wooden damn, that s«rved as a previous ques-tion, clofcing. up further debate. Mr. Phdtfps said thatthe town was at least two miles away. Far or near, leading Democratic journal of that State, from which notbirgwisleftusbut to.s«ek it—andsowetradged wecutit,whichjournal advocated thedoctrineshere away. We had not made more than half a mile before advanced with ah its ability; and wondered why there Piatt gave <ut. a n d aonounced gravely thatiuthat' need be a Free-Soil party when the Democratic party xoad be and g'ief wonld sit on a band trunk until the W8B so emphatically and determinedly opposed to the committee with a band of miuti*.. waving great ban- extension of Slavery. But we pass on. New-Hamp- ners, should come out and meet them. It was useUes shire and Vermont passed similar resolutions, while to rtsnone-rate; and nothing but an offer on my part Massachusetts took np the key-note of the Democratic t o carry said band-trunk, leaving him to transport said anthem of the free North, and " discoursed music " i n grief moved the ora or. He begged me to handle the the following glowing strain: iuggogecarefully,asitcontainedhisspeechandacl«*an shbt. After a tedious time of wearisome stom-jnbli g, w e made the town, apd found the sign-post" That had the publisher of Tlie Pilot been aware of Brooklyn to "stand by'their guns," notwithstanding the character of tne article referred to, he would nottheparotcryof"panic"bythecommercialpoliticians haveallowedittoappearinhiajournal." ,-of New-York. Hewasfrequently applauded.Mr. Ifmoreiedemandedofmetorepairtheinjurydone,By excluding from the -Fairs articles which occupymade darknees visible. A slender specimen of weak color ano ia favor of Freedom and Free Soil wherever man livesYancey, and a stentorian voice, like the concentrated bellowing of a park of artillery, bawled out, ' Here he is, boys; bring alongtbe rope to hang him.' Theceased and lamented late copartner, M r. Wiliara venient arrangement for reference, containing the anal-Ihumanity sgain gave us»he plsaajng information that this, too, had baea a tavern in days gone by, but like the one at t^e station bad 'gone up," 01 father, tothroughout God's heritage. '- " Revolved, That by common liwand common sense, as well as hy the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Un't'vd States (in Prigrs vs. Pennsylvania, 1G Peters), ' t h e stite o f Slavery i s - aBurns, but also reflects, in coarse and malignant'laa- guage, upon vonr integrity as a business man aad pri- vate citizen. A reason for ifahaviDg been written may,yses of euch specimens, aud the statistics of each mine.IV. It is the distinct province of the Institute, andshould be at occe met, li fundeh ample accommoda-• 1.j,1=1M Btt ! ! ''wii»i»!'m'JwaMi(^L'i!iwi'iiM^!M;w^j|JuiiuLi;,, .^,!-!/,MV' 'ii.. ,'.„'•'.•:•'•.• '••ii^'yji/.'*!&*•.#-;,;. . "rn^^si^^sssi^^^thishadbeenwelcomed with ec^a andbrickbatsaudthis was threatened with a like reception. The politi-measureofoompromin bywhichanyportion of our free terri- tory nay be given up to the enorouh'Joonts of elavery.M / ySiSf)cal missionaries, nothing daunted, accompanied b y areputaticn, will unhesitatingly indorseyour honor as a Weere,veryrespeetfolly,><wfriond*andobedient aervacti,thepeopleofConnecticut, while solemnly declaring theirpar- county,marchedtothe Court-Houae. While piuuiog extensionofSlaveryintotheterritories, ardthefartherexten-tohaveaddedseveralvotestoourticket,and tohavesmallbandofWid»-Awbkesfruro Liberty inthesame posetouseevery Con tituttonal andproper effort to reeisttheH. OEXTER h.CO.,No.115Nassaustreet. .. 'Scbenck has been for many years celebrated for bis.pow>, degrade the toil and debase the 1 fe o f a free laborer."Resolved, Tb'toor Senstisia Congress are hereby strictlyMessrs. De Grauf & Taylor are dealers in aud manu-ersof sarcasm whicb, by graphic abuse, when required,instructed, end that oor Representntives in Congress are earnest-'-ly requested to vote, always and in every stage ?f thin question tuse; while Piatt's eariy e Juration audortmrouoion with in favor o f the incorporation of the luadaoaental principles >f the Demo.*racy peculiarly fitted him for that use of the Jeffertonian ordinance of 1787 into anyao of Congress ei<t%b- bshing Territorial Goveinmeiitt- over New-Mexico and Califor-Tha:wasn'tfair."Gu"B8nr.t. SoI'll vote forOld Ab^*fthevdoG Holbrooke,H.M.Dewey,andJamesA.Briggs. Mr. Briggsj in the course of his remarks, said:We hear very much said by the S ave Democracyuntilitshouldbeultimately EXTERMINATFD. What aboutexcludingslaveholdersfromtheTerritorieswithpressiveofanabhorrenceoftheinetitutlonofSlavery, trui-t.tofollow in thefootsteps of htrsister State. resolvetheUtdon. Whocares,Isay—andBillThomp- buta determination tooppose it wherever it existsand" declared to be mainly .the passage of a finished the job you are about you may go." ICzvProtectiveTariff,and"thediffusionofamorelhor- Texterwaitedneitherforasecondbiddingnortofinish ough and intimate knowledge of our national resources,TheBepublicanpartywillhavetheoowerthisWinter songoeewithme."to prevent the etec'ion of that arch schemiog dema- " Did they read him out too ?"•Rcgue, Wnt M. Gwin, to the Senate, and you mayrestaeeured that the dough f^ced Latham will n o t b e r e - "No, tbey didn't, by a long shot. H e rode out. done, look npon Slavery a s a n evil, and unfavorable to the fulltariied WihsuchresultsCaliforniamaythenlook Hewasridin'byagroceryinFrog,onenight,*when developmentofthespi>itandpracticalbenefitsoffreeinstitu- erfytotheirowncitizens. And00theyhowlaooutit?now be goes for Oid Abe."" And yon.were read out and he was shot out." "Jes so."party;" as a "party who give aid and enconragement to John Brown raids and underground railroads;" as aep<ei)did vicJory that falls to the lot of a Pioneer.Since the sailing ef the last steamerthere has nothing words," I concluded it was time for me to make tracks with the theory of our Government; abhorrent to the act been guilty of tbiu interference wj*h the right of propertrtranspired io thi« city worthy of no'e, except the pro-bating by the Hon. M, C. Blake, Judge of our ProbateCourt, of the will of the late Hon.-J). C. Broderiak.fcr some more "congenial clime," and now go the common sentiment of mankind, and fraught with dau-I am now temporarily re*iding in vbe BiB*.riyt of (Jolumbl*. it I pu/chase a slave hero to-day he is mj private property; I have a right to control and enjoy the henefit of bis service. But. Si', can I take tlm slave t-J Kentucky, the land of my birth and tbe home of my father*, and enjoy my light to his service there? No, Sir; my colleague knows that the la'vs of Kentucky pro- hibitit,tno1'wouldlnflicahon^roilspenaltybywayoffiu->,as well aaiopdfioiimerit for a viola ion of toatlaw; and that the Gooits of Kentucky have enforced that law , and maintained Itsconstitutionality.• > ' [Advertisement.J 'The will gives to John A. McG'yn, esqi, of this city,whole figure with the Republican party, simply be-cause that party indorses and. sustains the doctrines rger to all who come within the sphere of its inflaence," and hence they can in no^wav lend their voice or thair influence to enlarge its bounds or strengthen its cords.made therein, by bestowing rewarda and otner benefits on those wbo shall make any such improvements or excelinanyofthesaidbranches,andbysuchother wa) s and meats as to the said corporation shall appear to be n>ost expedient.". Tbe system of Annual Fair3 was accordingly inaug- urated with the most gratifying success, and gave a woodexful stimulus to American invention. Bat afterthe City will he known some time before midnight.mThe Police Commissioners did not meet yesterday. During the day Sergeant Gerst of the Steamboat and Railroad police had seven of his men before Mac Bowen. After a partial hearing of one charge, and a * fe w questions put by Mr. Bowen, the cases were all dismissed as too frivolous to be entertained.S10.000;thebalance,afterpayingailhisdebts,to wi'hreerencetotheextensionofSlaveryovernew. Theyhaveaprinciple. Theybelieveitisjust,consti-George Wilkes of your city. At the time Mr. Brode- territory which I have always advocated as constitu-arick n.ade his will nis property was not considered of tional, ' just, humane, and: Christian, I have not tutional, and fraught with the highest interest to man- great value, buv sneb hae been the increase since his changed m y views one partie'e in the last twenty kind, in harmony with/the Christian religion, and with death that his estate is now considered to be worth at vesr* on this subject, nor nave thousands of other.old the help of God they will maintain it! Why shouldthe Democratic party complain when they have been least $300 000 The parties contesting the wilt made Democrats in the North and West, who once were our echoolmastero? when we simply endorse their sen-Republican principles, eloquent, logical,andc^nv^hc-•• Betolvcd, That ibis General Assembly, for and in behalf or ing, had a telling effect upon the people, and is kuo wn gentleoan, and youriiiteg'i'y as a man of bueioefi*.greatlystrengthenedthefaittiofthefaltering. Gov,up n>y pictures, and spreading out my hooks b-fi>rs sion of its influence into the councils of the Federal Government, Reeder is to speak at the same place on Monday cvon- -OKIE DAYK»N it, JONES corner Ann and Nucau *trceu take away a man's bread beeause he has the inteK.their arrival, I observed some uglj-looking oustomftr3 do os solemnly avow their ait *chmont to the f eder»l Union, and'•'.'••'•; -.:'' HAMILTON'JOHNSON;&FARRELLY No.22Aimstreot.pilingupatcneeardbrickswheretn^y.wouldbnhandy,theirdeterminationtostand.byitsIntegrity, atallhazards,and tothelastmooieut. "•.'•.' -lognext.,,.'•,.'.'Zgsneetoformapoliticalopinionforoimseir,andthe honesty t o stick t o i t . Any man who will resort to suchmeannessWasintendedbynatureasanoverseer of a elave plantation, and if he folio we any other fami- nees be has mistaken hit vocation.while leading Democrats o f the town earnestly r e -monstrated. Theremohstranc"8cumod,Ipresume, notmakeaweotiotali«*»ue,or.opposetheinterestsofthepeopleJOHttjr.FEEKS&Co.,No.»Annstreet.for the crowd entered the baUdicg unmole?Jted.The threatshad not ssrved -to sooth the speakers byor the Sooth, inasinuoh oa a very l»rge msjority o f the whltela- lmbitttTits of the Slateholding Spates, ore non-sliveh^dera. w h o need and »bould enjoy the privilege of emigrating to the.new ter- ritories, without bviug followed by an instiiution which is ovoryN. TV, 'on Taei'day evening lattr; The Hon. S . A , Foote, late Judge of the Court of Appeals, presided. The audience included many ladie», and several clergy- men. Henry B. Stanton Bpoke for two hours. I t wasthe bjggeet tuxn-«ut of the canvass iu Geneva. .—A correspondent writes as follows from LaCrosae,AMERICANINST1TUTE. I" Rcrolv^A, That in resists * the extension o f Slavery, wo do . —-There was a great Republican meeting at Geneva,he can bring within the compr<-he?sioaof the moat ob-*sAmalgam** InstoreforourgoldenaVre«.TiecauseofFreedomgrotesquehumorsoveryaggravating.TheefFdctwasnin;toviite,alwajftandineverystrgeofth«qnestl^n.'forthecourseoftheDemocrats(Douglas),inthis,»heseebniproposesomeradicalchangesinthepolicyoftheIn-sume'theireducationinearlylifewasneglected,aa4singular. Instead of' interruptions and abuse, the abolirioa of Slavery and tbe sUve-trade in tbe DUtriot of Co- and champion Republican district of Wisconsin.;The stitute, the members present manifested an interest they know no better. In the shops of this firm at*has taken root in the far West, and you wi»l find that Democrats joined in the laugh, and, before the meeting lumbia, and to vote, always and i n every stage o f the question,the young and gallant Stae of Oregon will march closed, applauded like good fellows. I saw along, agdnst the admission of another slaveholding State into theRepublican majority is between 3,500 and 4,500. T h eDouglasleaders consciouBbf their inabilityto carrythe cistrict prefer to waste ^heir eloquence in placesand uneasiness,.as he unfolded his manuscript, whichemployed a large number of men, and, on tbe supposi-Jbe;OralUnion. , !" Resolved That the Governor be requested to transmit a copyCongress." '•':'';•. .' ' ' i LettheDemocratsofCpnneclicutreadtheabove Reeolutionsovercarefully; ponder uponthem,well- repentandturntotheRepubicanpartywherejthey will ftad precisely the platform on which. they (the Democrats)stodinConnecticutin1849. Here,with the Republicans, under " O d Ah?," they can give ex- " Jee'' to: J was 'pinted from Frog Island tother pression to these old sentiments—so American—so ef the man that Oregon has selected as one of her night to egg the apeak*rs at that other BUok Republi- patriotic—-so in favor of the great principle of freedom champioietospeakinherbehalf,allowODOtosuggert canmeetin".andIdidit.IgotalltheoldeggaIcould andfreelabor—andsoinfavorwiththeWholeDem-that you pnoliah in your widely circulated journal the find, and come on till I etood near the door, all ready, ocratic party in the North but a few years ago. ok>qu>»'- fun»ral oration that he delivered over the b>dy •and jes' at toe right time Ifiredaway. Jea' as I fired, I have epace to mention but one other State as join- of vbe bold, honeet, and gallant Broderick, when 30,000 that cujsed old Sheriff o f ours rose up to put a ques ing in the Grand Jubilee! of Freedom and Free Laborvoted friend o f Freedom, speaks from b is " Lone read mo out of the party. Wt-H, they did jes' as if itwereverynoticeable. ' tionthatthisisafree country, it is to bepresume* The Report commences by calling t h e attention o fthe members to the original aim and purpose of the there might be axueng them persons holding diverseAmerican Institute. This wga,no leas than to aid iu views upon political subjects. Meeers. D e Graaf cc, securingtbeadoptionbyGove'nmentofarigidPro- Taylorthemselvesseemtohave hadsome>uf> tective Tariff. On tbe lt9h of February, 1828, at Tam- picion that this w as the case, and to that prob- manyHallinthisCity,washeldthefirstmeetingof ablywasduethefactthatthetalkiutheirshops tbe American Institute, of which there is any officialfor some days past has been that the man wbo wanted to keep his head on his. shoulders in that establishment had better vote the Fusion ticket. O ne youngman,anupholsterer,R.Texterbyname,and by birth a German, did not heed these hints, aud h»v»-boldlyforwardto thebalot box, on the7tbdayofHovember, and cas • her maidjn vote for " Honest Old thin, angular specimen of Egyptian darkneas looking atmy pictnree,of these resolutions to the Governor o f eaoh St%te ia the Unjlon,whf re the prospect is less dreary. T h e great prin- Abe." The wisdom and gocdj eeose shown by the peo- ". Would youl ke to have a picture of Douglas ?" I and alio a capy to each of our Senators and Reprekentitlvea in ciple, like a sharp, double-bladed knife, is.a very dan-ple of Orrgon, ic the eleetiojuof *he g*llant Baker togerousweaponforunfekillfulhands,andthasmallfryof the Squatter party who a r e left alone t o maU«geaffairshere,rutandslashwithitinthemostrecklessmanner; to their own great damage, and our- infiniteprofitand amusement. Thev have mada nominauous,of course, and found men silly enough to accapt them.Or. e of their promineLt men was asked why his party. pre*i Urly and discussed the subject of tue formationrepresenttoeminthecouncils«.fth«nation,willhave .atked., •....• ..••.:•' iits influence in this hitherto benighted State The VNo,Sir-ee,"hereplied,"I'llt&keapictur'ofOldsameandeloquenceofNedBakerisa1familiarhou&e- Abe,ifye'JlseUitcheap."word to every Califomian. Wbo has not heard his dboriooivoicedbgforthecaaeeofFreedom?The ,. echoes o f b is eloquence are still he*rd reverberatiog through this State. To give to your readers some idea" Why, are you a Lincoln man?" "WellIam,now."" Why how does that happen?"-Srrecord. This meeting was called by a number of pablic- .tpuited gentleman wbo bad inet together several timesMountain Grave *u» the noneet tiearte on tve shores,of thePacific^andtheelectionin OregonofBakerisbut thebeginningofthe eod.-California.will beable,Iwas m y fault that a fool of a Douglas feller put his pumtkin head in ibe way Of my etrsr."1849. -.On the 11 h of March following, ia an ."• Addressto the Public," ihe meaus for accompushingth>e* laudable ecdtf.were set forth by thespecial Committee appoioted for the purpose, Messrs. De Grauf & Taylor; "when you have—The Republicans of Wes;Chester held a large and spirited meeting at Purdy's Station on Thursday even- The Democratic State Convention of Ohio in 1849 ing, at which addresses were made by Messrs. Josephvote for Lincoln. On Thursday he was sent for by hia employers, who inquired if such was bis intention f Heavowedit. "We-mantnosuchmenhere,"sailparsedthefollowing resoluion,whichisnotonlyex-treason! ;i.. '" Resolved, That the people of Ohio now, as they have evertheir 6lave property. TIte Slave Slates themselves dothis very thing—duDj the holding of this kind of prop- • agricultural, commercial, and manufacturing." " A the job, but went immediately. He is satisfied of bar-jus' for fun he hollered for Lincoln, and the fellers run tions ; and that they will at all time* fed it to be their duty to Bylhe law of North Carolina, any person who, takesreceived the least protection from the Tariff of duties, •andto"ascertaintheirpresentaecomparedwitnfor- noer prices, in order -to show that higu duties on the foreignrivalarticleshaduniformlyreducedprices." .AcommitteeofthreepersonsfromeachWardwas alsoappointedtoextendthesubscriptionlistsofsuch newspapers in the city as advocated the American sys-tem. .. .'.'•'''Thus it seems, that Institute proposed to render itself simply the means of collecting and diaseminatiog statis- tical and other information, and of tons creating a popu- lar sentiment i» favor of a Protective tariff. Oa theplace; his ernp'ojers &re certain of having lost a good workman without saving a vote for Fusion. Whoever warnsconftmationoftheetjrycangetitbyapplyiegtoTexter,atNo.128Springstreet •THE POLICE TELEGRAPH.—This useful iaetrumeat is to be turned to good account on election night, for the public benefit. Mr. Superintendent Kennedy has arranged to rend over the wires the result of the poBforarailroad // out,andoDesaidefhehollaredforLincoktaginhe'd useallpowerclearlygiven,thembythetermsofthenational intothatStateaslavefromanyStatewhichhas,passed Oor gal antfPathfinder and noble leader of the forces c^mpatt to prevent its increase, to mitigate, and finally extirpatein'56iaooxniftgoutasbrilliantlyasonecoulddesire. shoot;andBibhollered—an'sureenoughthechaps theevil" . '.-"'•*'••'! lawsforliberatingslavesmustgivesecurityiutaesum Theyieldoilthe "MariposaEstate"ianowover gavehimablizzardwi.h/bothbarrels. Hewass^ot, TheresolutionwasreaffirmedbytheDemocratic of$1,000thathewillremovetbevslavewithinthree $60,000permonth..Thegentlemenwhoenjoythe an'bisbossshot;,sohisXoesrunthreemilesantumb- StateConventionofOhioforseveralyears,andvoted momhs^andimposesafineof$500foreverythirty ownershipoffthi*vasteetate,embracingoverseventy ledB»Uintoaswsmp. Thehotswasniiihnponruined forbymanycftheverymenwhodenouncetheRepub- daysdelay. (RevisedLawsofN.C,p.565,G) Insquare mi'ee, the richest mineral land in our State, are Col Join C Fremont; Mnjo? A. A. 8-lover (f^rme'ly of the well-known firm of S*k>ver &. Sinton); T. W.an' the Dcctor picked forty shot out of Bill's back. An', ' lican'party as 'black as bell;" as an "aboHtionizedCobb's Revieeu"Statutes, o f Georgia: That any citizen of Georgia who takes a male slave into a Fr*e State, or foreign couiitry, and returns with him agiin^ sab--reep*ct—thaftjustreproach, countiysuchaproperty.TheestateiscapableofyieW-ToSuEditorofTh*N.Y.Tribxtn*. Democraticresolution.Asaparty/RepublicansmakeKentucky,intheHouaacfRepresentatives,July28,Hall,iaB/oadwav,andremainedopentotaepublicingtoreceivethem.Nopersonwillbeallowediuthex«rjralfabric n usin 30Ik it- P.ma ANB ?ARry. USTTFIED.(tiedand wink y, Coi. Bell, hwasprintedfand widely said:longer floats Tann-seee* tfher ensign, itive patriots e it equally1whichithacfc )rm<apJea, h exttdeoouneedC od tending UP bin clubs o£ je the ordar sd secret pro-*' riant, t o t h e ion o f mem- >unting to flEin the exer- * admkristeredlinganenormonsiocoae. andc*nbeexteuaodtoanyex- Sm: I amnopolitician,butavoter,andakindof nowarupontheinstitutionofSlaverywhereitexists. 1848:tent; even to millir<ns. The only thing that is necessary " Looker en in Venice." Having been born a Domo- They go no farther than tbe Democratic party weat " I wonld a«k if the'paBsoge of a law by Congress prohibiting to b* done is to extend the line of works. The hund- ten years ago. Tbev are cautious as a party to make S.avery int^e Te:ritories, or if yr.» p»ea»e, authorizing Slare.y redsofthousandswhovotedin1856forColFremont, rrat,andVdyedinthewool,"Ivotedwith,thatparty, theState-rightsdoctrinealeadiigdoctrine.Bat,like intbeTerritori**(l«rIholdthatSlaverycanootexistwithoutthreedajswithoutcharge. TheInstitutenowbegan telegraphofficeatheadquartersexcepttheoperator*, to attract much ateniion, and gain influence. It Had and to prevent tbe infringement of this rule all thetlie authority f.f positive liw) ii,t r e » with t i e nghts of ^itl- the Democrats in 1849, they are emphatically •" op zt-ns in the free Stat-s to e> joy ibeir elave pr perty? No. Sir; poeed to the extension of Siaverv over new territory." not at all.. If tba*. he an fnt-rferense wita the right to eojoyan effort to impeach the eeetioaoiy of Judge A. A. Phil- heart and soul with the Democratic party, but who timents? They have abandoned their honored position. THE BOSTON PILOT LIBEL ON MB. WILLIAMSON, a wbiKit b^gan to be seen that the Fair-j alone werelips of your ci y, but figoally failed in their attempt, are now heart and soul with tie Republican party. They now battle the subUme principles which theythe Judge's character briog folly suetained by many Only ten or twelve years ago, the Democratic party formerly cherished. Their.Sonthern task-masters have •ofourn-o*t worthyand prominent citizens. So the inalltheFreeStatesadvocatedpreciselythedoctrines demandedit,andthoughtheyhaveyieldedandgoiuforquestion ia decided, and the will may be considered as genuine.T o show you that some o f our Republican friend8 have confidence in the eIec»ioo of our. standard-baarer, "1willmentionone betthattook place a dayortwo since io this city The HOD. Eugene Sul ivan, formerly Bepub'ican Suite Senator from this district, bet withthe Boo. Solomon A. Stiarp, Doughs Senator, and James R Malory of your city, who iahere ss the acfwit ©f G*OTge Wilkes, $25 000 to $5,000 that " HouestOld Abe" would be elected our next P/esident. The true-vjspkit is among the people, and every Republican is up and dou>g, each strivin? to see who can do the most for. our glorious cause. We trust on this aide of the moun-tains that the old and honored State of New-York will be found ever true to the oause she baa done so much to build up. We shall look forward with great anxiety to the result of the 6th day of. November, trusting that as the sun sets on that day she will go down in the far •westreflectingherbiilliant rays upon our vicorious banners. . PACIFIC.LIFE I N EGYPT: B Y A BOOK-PEDDLER.I had been ordered into the twenty coanties known as Egypt, in Southern Illinois, to sell oui our remaining atook ot Douglas pictures and lives. It was not a plea- sant pro-psct, nor dii it look to be profitable. But one must ooey orders, and I wrote to J. F. at Vincennes tojigmeupanefctablishmentsuitable,andIpickedouta proper quantity of old cl thee. I selected a route given Messrs Phillips, Piatt, & Scbenck through the hardest part of Che benighted region, and, on the .20th Oct. last/ 3ef•Ciocinn&ii for the scenes of my labor.The e x p m sS t 2 o c l o c k a m , t h e l a t t a r p a r t o f a b o n t a s d a r k a nightasE*yptmighteverbotefor.WhilefeelingTI1E REPUBLICAN CANDIDA TE FOR CONGRESSIN TliE THIRD CONGRESSIONAL. DISTRICT.To the Editor of TJieN.Y.Tribunt.not all that the public required, for, unless some great and permanent mflutnee could be gamed by the Insti- tute by their prest ge, the Fairs would dwindle iato mere tatch-penuy snows. Accordingly t h e Institute, in doe fame, establisbed a library, ana opened a reposi- tory for the^exbibition of models. Public confidence in the objects of ihe Institute was thus secured, and the contributiorsofimportantnoveltiestothenextsucceed- ing Fair were three times grea'er than to itslpredeoea- sor. Iuis deeply to be regrttted, cont'iuuea Mr. Mc- Elrath, that the Repository should have been suffered to fall into n*g'ect, and the valuable modelsand curious machinestobe scattered, lost, or givenaway. The Farmers' Club was then projected and established, and ba% been continued to'the present day; aud more re- cently a Club of mechanics and manufacturers has been founded, under the title of the Mechanica' Club, or Polj techoic Association.Mr. McElrath argued that the founders of the Ameri- can Institute designed it to be progressive in its charac- ter, sbapiDg its policy in each succeeding period to meat the public wants; and ha urged that a radical changa should be mstinuy made i a Its management to meet the preeent exigencies. I f the Institate contented itself with arrid'e, relative .sort of exietetrce it would beperfectly useless te the public, and soon be classed with,CENTRAL PARK—We arerequested tocallattenHto the fact that the concert of to-day will probably be the last, or the last but one, o f the season.THE POST-OFFICE SITE.—Anagentofthe OldDutok ChurcharrivedinWashingtononThursday,withtha deed and necessary papers for the purpose of getting the two hundred thousand dollars woich the Govern- ment agreed to give for the property aa a site for a Poet-Office. The Postmaster-General, ou applying to. Secretary Cobb for the money, was informed that est examining the law of Congress, passed some year*ago, i t required t h e assent of the Legislature o f the State before it could be paid. It is to be hoped thatMornicg Light.ANTI-SLAVERY DEMOCRATIC RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE r IN 1849.On the 25th of June, 1849, the Democratic State Convention held in Portland passed a series o f resolu-ready spoken on that, subject, and the whole free North will speak in still loader xones the first weak in Novem- ber next. So thinks, and so sayP,AN CLB DEMOCRAT. —Mr. Jay is to address the citizens of Westchester atreferred to, muy have done Mr. Williamson. The Editor of The Pilot has been grossly imposed on by his New-York Correepon- dent, and, I am authoiized to say that he. promptly discontinued the services of this slanderer as soon as the facta were broughtSlavery vahtre it exists—rfor its extension—for the ac- quirement of Slave Territory, and many of them for reopening of the slave trade, and even for the " divinitywitb re/erence to the extension of domestio Slavery inthe Territories *»hich it now condemns as damnablesins i n t h e Republican party—unconstitutional, a n dparticularlyunjusttotheSouth. Letussee.ifitisnot thisonethingiB."euroandcertain,"viz.:—Theywill justicetoMr.Williamson.' While Mr.DonahoeisopposedM>of the ins dtution itself!" But let them understand thatSm: I have been instructed b y Patrick Donahoe, esq., Editor and Proprietor of The Boston Pilot, to cause the an- nexed cards to be published in the New-York pxpera as an act ofhim in politics, he feels it bis duty to undo, as far as lies ia his -with"Maine, "away down East," whence cometh the Maine and Indiana, Pennsylvania and Ohio, have al- power, the injury which the publication t>f the atrocious libeleo, by an appeal to the *' record." And we will begin not take tbe rank anrMile of the Democracy with thim.had made such poor nominations. 'Oh!' said he, 'theyareasgoodmenasanytobebeaten.'The Republicans, tnough they have an easy task, have worked very faitnfaly and wil bring everyvoter to tbe polls next wetk. You may rely upon a largeincrease of our usual majority:".of a National Afsocialion with a view to giving aidandBopporttotheadvocatesofProtectiontoAmericanLabor. A Constirution aud name were adopted, andtbe object of tbe Association declared to be, " to pro-mote improvements in the Mechanic Arte, to encourageAmerican Industry in Agriculture, Manufactures, andCommerce, aod to sustain sdeh a system of policy as quietly acknowledged, when asked, that he intended to will protect the great national interests of the country."to hia knowledge.Neto-York, Nov. 2,1860.THE PILOT OFFICE, NO. 23 Franklin street, ^BOSTON, Maaa., Nov. 1, 1860. y A. J . WILLIAMSON, esq.—Dear Sir: I regret e x - tremely the appearance in my paper o f the 27<h ulrimo of an article reflecting upon your character, signedT. L. N. A s iB usual in the harry of baain»ea, the " bent" o f the article was not discovered until I was written to by my agents, Messrs. II. Dexter cfc Co. . I«»!ie of a :aw forever excluding Slaveiy from the Territories of of the 3lfct uk. Addresses were made by Robert H. immediately replied that I waa willing^to make the^ have been the sole sources of revenue, but it iasome the members of the Athena;om, at theirelegant Ciab- C«lifc rnia and New-Mexico."That, I think, is about the right doctrine. I thoughtso in 1849, and as the Democratic party generally inthe North advocated the same sentiment, 1 went,withSparmon, esq., of New-York, and JameB Graham, amende honorable inany way that might be suggested • years since an exhibition has not been an actual loss in Houre in Fifth avenue. M r. Page propounded b isesq., of Milton, both of whom eloquently and ably by the party aggrieved. I even stated to H D. & Co money and labor- Some.other means must be devised, classical and-philosophical views of the Fine Arts wiibdiecu£sed the issues and candidates in Ihe present con- that I would delay the publication of my issue of the to eueMn the Insti'ute, one w^hich will not only great eloquence and with powerful illustrations, whichthat party. The Convention which unanimously in- test. The Wide-Awake8 of Nswpaltz and Milton pay a certain profit itaelf, but act reflectively upon.thedexedtheabovewasverylarge,consistingofnearly 3diDBt.iuordertorepairtheinjury. Butnothaviog Fairs,andmakethemasprofitableastheywereia madehisideasintelligibletotheleastartisticoffadeeeven hundred, among whom were many of the leaa- were preeent, numbering some 400. The Republicans received the required correspondence, I was obliged to former years. The medals and other awards of 'the audience. A large number of members of tbe Clabing Bieukinridge men of. 1860. Just read that resolu- may take encouragement from the apptarance of things I go to press without inserting a reply to the slanderous tion over carefully,,and notice its black, abominable,' hi Ulster. article referred to.Institute are not valued for their pecaniary worth, but have eubecribed for the purpose of inducing Mr. Pagethe moral power they carry; and this power depends to deliver his course of lectures iu the Club-House. entirely upon the character and reputation which theunconstitutional heresies. Why, it declares that the" Federal Government possesses adequate power toirbibit tbe existence of Slaveiy iu the Territories; thattbe constitutionality o f this power has been settled byj u d i c i a l c o n s t r u c t i o n , * * a n d b y r e p e a t e d a c t s o f l e g i « »lauon!"Noristhisall.ThatsameDemocraticStateI have been called upon by several gentlemen known—Ya*es County, though not making much fuss or to me as men of character and responsibility, in New< Institute snail' earn. Once these awards were highly Persons not members are invited to become sub-numbers, and overflowing with enthusiasm, the Hon. in fact. I make this retraction freely and of my own • bad seeureo my stock I jouxnu tHenx. W"here to go was law 'forever excluding Slavery frpm the Territories, E. D. Culver, of Brooklyn, addressed them, and the acccrd. I have never known Mr. Williamson, ihare-dep*rtureofthesteamshipBienvitlo,atrunkcontaiaing I. By providing for itaelf a permanent and central $600 worth of jewelry slipped from the shoulder of the location. Thus alone could a Repository be opened, porter, and striking the wheel-house was broken openthen the qu»s'ion that bgitatod the country. We migh/,at any moment have more rain, and it wasn*«easary toflnd a fhelter other than the ttation-hoaae. Full» im -preeeedwi'hthisfact,thepoliticalteachersmadeanat.ackon what seemed to be a tavern, some hundredyards from the railrrad. The heavy knocki»g brought,forsometime,hor-sponse. A*la«tawindowweat 8laveiyintoanyTerritoryoftheUnitedStateswhichisnow demonstrationeverwitnessedinthecounty.trp, and an ugly voice demanded our buskers. Th.'s yum stated to be lodging for the ni^ht.*Cxju't git that here," was tha unpleasant response." Why not; i* not this a hotel ?"ofthi» State, ourr jujnBc0:^mmpprri«i«iDipg opposition to the extension of free.well as. the parties referred'to, have been grossly itu-which were then in danger of being cursed with this fwe could have no motive in le diogmy columns to and ihelhsiivute protected )rom the evils of the vagrant aud the contents BcattT* d in the river. Officers Hardyinstitution. In addition, the Legislature of that State, greatest satisfaction was experienced at the sentiments asperee bis character. •• Mr. William Barns,' his de- which was Democratic, the following Winter, passed !e advocated. Tee Wide A wakes—for they are every ceased partner in business, has been brought to my the. following: where—turnedoutwiththeirtorches,fireworks,and mindanan(Idandsocialacquaintance,andtheasper-ehort,to"sumthewholematterup,1feelthatltas. willalwav8befoundbe'.owGiaudstreet. Theme-pickedup.chanics of this city, Brooklyn, Williamsburgh, New-ark, Paterson, and Jersey City, and the strangera vis- • '< •iting town,- are the main stay of a mechanical tioien'ifio TRIAL OF A LIFE-PRESERVING RAFT.—Some time exhibition, euch as the American Institute. It ia highly since Capt. Wayne, of the U. S. Navy, was appointed inexpedientto'ocatefarfrom Broadway—forthatis,andalwayswi'lbe,thegreatcentralarteryofthecity. byiheGovernmenttotestthecapabilitiesofalife-" Retolvcd, That we hereby declare for ourselves, and in behalf music, in large numbers, and made the most imposing sions cast upon him, without ccgoizanca on my p^rt, to" Ri'sflved, That i n organizing Governments for New-Mexico and California, tbe introduction and existence of Slavery in those Territories should b e positively prohibited b y on aot of> Con-—The Brooklyn Wigwam in South Brooklyn waswell filled,on Thursday evening, to hear a speech from myself, aa well as the parties aggrieved, ha miking E. S. Cleveland of Connecticut. He occupied an hour thus public my feelings. My_ frienda, the news agoots"Resolved,ThotouiSenatorsIDCongressareherebyinstructed, hshlng Governments for snid Territories th*t does n o t contt>inofNewYork,butdomejusticeintheaccompanying etttfment,whentheysay: .an express prohibition of Slavery."• All this w a s recorded in The Eastern Argus, theAIJOL1TIONAt the Democratic Convention of 1849, held in A satisfied Amirk crossed the visage of tho'aich-agitatorSargent of Brooklyn, followed in an eloquent speech. my columns are at the service of Mr. Williamson or hiseconomyof.room,itispossiblethatasp-.ceequivalent to sixoreightlotaofground maybefound sufficient for business purp<-8'8, tor the ordinary Annual Fairs, the Library, Repository, and Club rooms. ,vulcanized gutta parcba, with three large pontoons o x floats,whichsupportawidecanraesdeck. Tieraftis inflated b y means o f tubes through which the air ig introduced by means of several bellows. The inflatioatTbe ladies were.present in good numbers, and the oc- casion was a joyous one, in view of the glorious vic- tory just at hand, \ • •friends.Very respectfully yours, PATRICK DONAHOE.depots, who cried lustily, Yancey ! Yancey! Yancaj !.that indicated so faitbfuly, cheap indigestion,1 bad Springfield, over which the Hon. E. D. Beach presided, at the demonstration, and a' gentleman who had been tion has jast been called to a gross and unjustifiable li- III. There should be established a Cabinet of Min- whisky, and bedbugs. We *atsailed the house with the following emphatically black sentiments were pro- bel, which appeared in the last issue of The. Boston erals in which should bo found specimens from every furious knocks a n d in a r«*asonabie time heard some mulgated: seated with him arose and stepped out to the platform,one withint *nd toon the dim glimmer of a tallow d o '• Rtsoived, That we are opposed to Slavery In every form and not to speak, but to. listen. H e wa3 mistaken for Pilot, which not only.assails the character of your de- working mine on this Continent, with a book of con-tions and facilities to inventors for fairly tettiog all new judge in m appearances, had gone down. I found the mere municipil regulation, founded npon wad llwiUd to. the gentleman, rather amusrd at the mistake, but not de- peibaps. be found in the fact th^t you are now a candi- inventions, by placing, at their service,steam-pewere torrent of f and shirt, enttrely too heavy for fartber-.transportation, " Resolved, therefore, That as Slavery does not exist by any car." . ' .'•;•' ' fow years and so pushed by the nocturnal luminary made up of municipal law in ihe new Territories, and Congress has.no powertallow and ague. to institute it; the local laws of any State authorizing Slavey —A mass meeting is to beheld at StrattonportjjFlush tkl pue«*," I said, giving my best specimen of Yan- can never be transferred there, nor can Slavery exist there but byfeel convinced that had the publisher of The Pilot munerative rates.been aware cf the character of the article referred to, V. The Insthute heeds a large infusion of learnedntw method, by Dr. A. H. (JANKDLKY, Artlcullst. Oaioe asvi. residence No. 106 9th-st, few; dryrs of Broadway.[Advertisement)H.R.H.THEPRINCE OFWALESandSOTTBst BRADY'S NATIONAL PORTRAIT OAUJIHT. CornerofBroadwayandlOth-stTHB ONI.T OAIXBUY IK THS U»ITR» STATWIHonored with a 8pecial Vi«lt by the Royal party.Photographs ofH.R.11.thePrinceofWalesandSuite m view at Brady's Gallery.Copks in every style of the art for sale. • Gallery open from 8 a. m. to 9 p. m.'[Advertisement. JH.R.H. ThePRINCE ofWALES audSurra AtGURKBY'SGAXXBRY,No.707 Broadway.The h u t Photograph taken in America of the Fiince b y revet desire new on exhibition._Th« public are Invited to examine this picture, pronounced b rH. R H. tobe the b«st over taken of hlrm —««~ ^ Also on view, ari the members of the Royal party.SuasoKiPXton BOOKNOWOPKX. Galkry open from 8 a.m. till 9 p. m .^ J.GuRiorrAtSow. Photogrephio Artists, No, 707 Broadway-cyfle npont -keevernacular,"wecanfindroomtoliedownifthe nkcallawoftheTerritories,sanctionedbyCongress, or--the iug,thisevening,whichwillbeaddressedbytheHon.»te for Bell whichthe i*1. Preeiden- t nater the>f the £>tate>, . i of whoes avote.Ifr Uiig^erand store whpee mirage.SEMONT..13,18^0. phooid give t oarcandi- paa party in aneitherof p)ymadea ign thateec- > importance itivaaof the } votea, and >btu-ned b y b*' for Con- id Brecldn-! ti'uka anyAai'entassentwasgiventothispropositionandweWere ehown to a bvge room, where the remnant of Borne bode gave evufiore of departed glory. Here, forfive long hours we fonght the real owners of tne prem- ises, and, alter daylight, eiseove^d that w e narrowly missed an excellent h u-*a o f entertainment, kept a fow paces further on by a good publican Republican. T h e committeewasgrievedatthemannertheirmissionaries badfared,andsaidthattheyhadbeenexpectedbythe noon train, when the proper ' perceesion" would have conducted them in glory to the meeting.Thesereeolutionswerepassedunanimously, were copied and indorsed by The Boston Post, and other Democratic papers of Massachusetts, as containing true andimportant Democraticdoctrines. Butwhata change ! Where is tbe Democrat, or Democratic State Convention that would dare advocate similar doctrines in 1860. I f the Hon. E. D. Beach, or the ho less hon- orableeditorofTheBostonPost, hadbeenamemberthat the issue of that date contained the defamatory Becker,andDanielKalbfusofPa.,eeqrs. Itisthe matteralludedto,we,inourcapacityofNewsAgents,measures.VI. TheInstitute,havingproperlecture-rooms,couldprovide weekly or daily lectures for the benefit of its rxembers, and annual courses of lectures for the public, forwbichajegularadmissionfeewonldbechaiged.Mr. McElraih -hen tubmitted two resolutions, which, after an animated debate, wera passed:First: To authorize Trustees to purchase.a perma- nentsitefortheInstitute,betweenThirdaudFilchav- enuesandCanalandTwentiethBtreets.'Andwhitky and grub are out." legislative act of a State in its sovereign capacity." Luther C . Carter, M . C , Joseph Hoxie,' AugustusI found my vehicle just the thing so far as appear*anee went A son of spring-cart, on two iU-matchedwheel?, tofficienUy promiscuous to make one cross aoul. But we must push ahead.eyed wasattachedtoanoldblindhorse, sopoorthat hemighthaveservedasahat-rack. Myonlyobjection to the'tnrn out waa, that"it looked as if it might aver- age a break down every fifteen minutes. I drove in aa extra quantity of nails, added some rope and a fow atrace, and bravely set out on my tour.Then»xtState,thatjoinedinthegrandchoruslor FreedomthatyearwasConnecticut.CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATIC ABOLITION RESOLUTIONSARBIVALOFTHENORTHERNLIGHT. The Northern Light, from Aspinwall on the 25thBo far 1 have been ble*sed with beautiful autumnalweather. Theroadsareinafinecondition,theairpleasant,andtbenightabrightwithfullmoonsandnoelouoa. I propose, if four readers are sufficiently en- hibit Slavery in the Territories of the United States by legisla-list:Wm-HogeitCo Order*•«•••»>«,*•««•••••, : - $10,000MetropolitanBank..;..$82,949tertained, to give some account o£ the men, manners, *nd /*al condition of this part of the FT^> States wherejSemocraoy yet xeigne in all its former glory.Let mo, before I close this w*/*?"^0"! £*v« J°* aepeeunen scene. We were at Fairfield, White County,SThardeat place in the entire circuit, if we except Cairo,cause we deprecate this most grore and indefensible American Ex. Bank'.... 55 o<0 American Ex. Bank..." Resolved, That this General Asteuibly, for and in behalf of the determination to adhere to and abide by the compromises con-islands spoken of by Sancbo Paoza, to'which one jpur- tained in tbe Constitution of the United States, relating to Slav- »ey» bv land—bonnoed Fairfield civilization o n the ery, to the letter and in the spirit of the same; bat that they will •oath. The only Republican meeting attempted before oppose, in all OOnsUtuUooal and proper ways, any and everyPennsylvania, Secretary to Gov. Reeder in Kansas, which has ever before came to our no ice.'In conclusion, we desire to Baythat, whatever differ-081.M600I 1 5 , 0 0 0 W u u c o n , S h e r m a n At C o . 2 1 1 3 1 7 4,183 Duncan, Sherman At Co. 13 78.4, T o W I D E - A W A K E C L U B S .Every Wide-A wake Club should have copies « f , 'T H » POLITIOAI. Taxr-BooK FOKl8t».Compiled by HORACK GRKKLBT and J. f. CiAvaiasisWhere the original Douglas Damocraey k'condensedInto Iriauiem. Xwastold thatFrog -W*od—one of those people of Connecticut, hereby publicly and solemnly avow theirdid good service for RepubHcanism at Elizabethport, ences of op'nion may exist among your fellow-citiz-ns N. J., on Tuesday evening, in a speech of upward of as to the political questions of the d*y, you may restDt>Rhn.ru At Co 81.000J. Strauss, Broa. At Co.. 85,000 >V©I'd, Kaxgv At Co.: •.-*,„,'•^•-'^',m&oftheCharlestonConventioninJunelast,andhadRepublicansoftbenorth-easternsectionofEssexCo, presented a copy of these resolution, asking their adop- New-Jersey, held an enthusiastic meeting on Thursdaytion by that body, he would have been hung on a gal-lows as high aB Hainan's before he could have time to evening at Franklin. There was a full attendance ofthe farmers and working-men of the neighborhood, and delegations from Bloomtield and Belleville. Tne Hon. Chas. N. Emerson of.New-York City addressed the as- semblageforoyeranhour,andineloquentlanguage showed the nobility of labor in the Free States, and itsSecond • To authorize Tiusteea to sell property be- longing to the Institute, No. 351 Broadway.FOR 1849. . ,_ 'The following resolutions were adonted by the Gen- degradation where Slavery exists. H e was follewederal Assembly of Connecticut » 1849 by-this'vote: by Gov. Pennington, who epoko till a late hour, giving[Advertisement. JSenate—Yeae, 20; Nays 0. House-r-Yeas, 190; Nays, 2. Connecticutwasnubstantiallyunanimous:inquestionwillnot,inthe-slightestmanner,affeotthe higuestimationinwhiihyouarejuwtlyheld."Rteolved,.ThatCongresshasfullconstitutionalpowertopro- tive enaetxxent, and that it is the duty of Congress, to pass, with-out onn«c«asary delay, snoh strict and positive law as will effect- ually shut out Slavery from every portion of tbe Territories of New-Mesico ard California." iusoled, That th« existence of Slavery and the Slave trade in the District of Columbia is a national dWgrace, which Congress h u s f u l l c o n s t i t u t i o n a l p o w e r t o r e m o v e , a n d t h a t C o n g r e s s s h o u l d use this power without unnecessary delay.1*£>tK>Z.EinUtelnAt Bros... Weareledtousethisstrongbutjuatlanguage,be- Wm.Hoge8cCo....... 58,000HowlandAtAspiuwall.7.000 29,081 aii.ooo(5000 2)800 99,0^0 20,0^0 10,000winding up meeting of the campaign in that region, andthewell-knowneloquence.ofthegen/tlemenwho are to address it will attract a large audience, and i n - srure its being an enthusiastic occasion.VTH CONGRESSIONALDISTRICT,NEW'JERSEY.—Thewoold not have allowed a single copy of the paper to have been circulated under the aaspices .of our sev- era houses; because we do not care to be made the in- struments for the circulation of slanders against the candidates of any political party, and for the still stronger reason in the present instance, that we.know thearticlesinTliePilottobefalse'andmalioiousin everyparticular.We taye each known y o u from the. beginning ofyour business as a publisher in this city, about fifteenyears since, during which, or the greater part of whichtime, we have haufrequentdealings with you, in allofwhichyouhave^manifestedtheutmostjealousyforyour good name, and have acted toward us in a mosthon<r*b!eanduprightmanner. Wefeelsatisfied,also,that all whe have been placed in similar relations to-ward you will fully and unqualifiedly indorue all that ult, arrived at this port on Friday morning, bringing we now say on this subject, and hence weare led to $1,241,939 in specie* The following ia the treasure assure jou that, whereveryou are known, the articleTuesday next to reelect Gov. Pennington.E L I Z A B E T H P O R T , N J . - C h a r l e a A l b r i g h t , e s q . , o fmay hav* unwittingly dote to you b y circulating th e paper referred to, and thus having impliedly given our s a n c t i o n t o o n e o f t h e m o s t w i c k e d a n d b a s e l e s s ; l i b e l sH.. Conn At Co. 14.000 H,Dg«ne> Kelly At-Co.../. Ntustadter AL Br*s..... 17.700 Conroy At O'Connor./.' » [Advertisement.] '-'....two hours. Toe atkUow was a masterly exposition ofassured that the honorable men of all parties whom^^±}Prloe «|>1 per oopy. Sent by mall, prepaid, on r«<x>tpt of ptio*. i.otali ,'•«*••«..,«..••,, • • * * > • • • • • * • > • | « f V f « t # t l .«>l(24l,S80 Clubs are supplied »y eaptess at * M per 100. AddressUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069f Jp' * ^ "-ir•• •-••*s>-w.www.fultonhistory.com..••: •'.. - vifci-Zi---Respectfully,JAMES S. ANDERSON.ROSS&TOUHB-Y. No.1?INassaustreet. J SAMUEL Y aTES, N o l09N«s«aa«treotanyonethingmoreineffablyoceanthananotheriti«tamod? of life wlich it had followed for the past quarter aud Sutton of tbe steamboat s .aid, at the rick of theUr Century. In regard to tae proper site for a location, itm<etberememberedthatwhilethevicinityofFortieth lives,descendedtothesufa^ofthewateranduue'street will undoubtedly in time be the center of the ceecedin recovering neariy all of the property. Thit whom they alluded, is a source of grievance to me. Iu resident population, the real patrons of the Institute jewelry, being attached to cards, floated about untilpoted upon, and I deem, chat I am but doing justice tohe would rot bave allowed it to have appeared in thatjonrnal,and,weassureyou,thathadweknown Thisendwouldbosecuredbyadoptingtheabovesomeamusingaccounts,fromhisexperienceatWash-ington,ofthevaporingsoftheDisunioniets,andtheirweakness even among their own friends. Dependupon it, this section of the Vth Congressional Districtis "Wide-Awake," and wfllleave nothing undone on pronptly and effectualy redress any iojury which w e W'm. Bnller£ Co...... 45 000 L. Von Horfmar) At Co.method of political warfare, and because we desire to P. Najlor...... AO.HO0 Jennings At Brmvster.. TiOTor k Colgate 10,000 Kiohard Patrick+^0-^m•.,'.-*" ^I**\•**v- ^'t. -**'-"•"•"•i"--•-L'unt..*-vf^>^•^•irk'«^>/-,*-'111•»,«tV ^,)^4H^,^>committee was. appointed to select such articles as had ing preeerved h i s sell-respect, though he has lost hiathos far been a meie voluntary association, without a defioite system, and with no revenue or income.tened. The rooms of• the General aud Ddputjr-Saper- cured from the Legislature, in which its powers were intendect, immediately over the telegraph office, willepecifivd and defiLed, ai the '*.* encouraging and pro- be placed at the service of the reporters, and as i oom motjLug domeeiic industry in t h e State o f N"ew-York as the returns are received b y telegraph, they will b eand t h e United States, i n Agriculture, Commerce,Manufactures, a n d t h e Arts, a n d any improvements sent up to tbem. B y this means the general result i apreserving raft, invented b y Samuel B. Broad. T h e space but do not possess much value, and by a careful raft is simple in its construction, and is composed e fII. A location eecurtd, and proper accommodationsThe New-York news agents, aa soon aa their atten- provided, the Repository or Museum of Arts and In- occupies from seven to eleven minutes. Capt. Fauneettion was called to the assault made on Mr Williamson ventions ehoula be immediately refi-tablished, in which cf the Harriet Lane, together with the inventor and—The Louisville Democrat''ESLJB that " as Yancey by the New-York correspondent of Tlie Boston Pilot, might be placed not only new.inventions, bat works ofart and objtc's of natural history, as they may from time several invited guests proceeded yesterday t o Sandywas coming down in the cars from Frankfort, a collec- promptly drew up the folio wiog card, expressing their to time he collected. Besides, there could be given to Hook on board of the Harriet Lane, to test the capaci- t:onoffourorfivewagshadassembledatoneofthe opinionofthearticleinquestion.: articlesnotthepropertyoftheInstitute,spaceforex-hibition, forace^ain monthly charge, which, of course, ties of this raft. At the Hook the raft was thrown into NEW-YORK, Oct. 25,1860. ; would be proportionate to the space occupiedand the water a mile from the beach, and several personaupon it, and the light gutta percha' structure bore them safely to the shore, without even wot- ting the soles of their shoes, and the experiment proved to a certain extent a success, although there can, and probably will, be impiovements made upon i t . M r . Broad intends to have another trial of this raft withia a month or so.[ VdveitUement Jben rable gentleman's trunk, containing thatspsech verne of the Territorial law ;* that is, the limits of the State ere sirous of haviDg it carried any further, retired into the date for Congress in the IIId District of the city. W e both for heavy and light machinery, at the lowest re- STAMMERING CUBED, HOWEVER CAUSED, b r aO FMASSA-AMOR J. WILLIAMSON, esq.—Dear Sir: Our atten- choice of posi.ion.and practically scientific men among its members.15,000 Kn-emanAtCoWm SlUgman AtCo.... 81,000 'Vmetican Ex. Bmk..:. 83,000:Baker At Morrill.W F . K l e l d s A t C oJ. B . WterR~ Ma<-oVr At O. Adsins. 11,000 Eugone Kelly At Co. . . . 66.500174 500/doors connected with tils office will be eecarely fas-_GAS, GAS, GAS FiXTUitKS.--Jtt8t out of our Fac-tory, an immense stock of new patterns. Call at our M^-fte taring Depot, No. 579 Broadway, opposite Nlblo»s.' j. WARWKR,PMOKk.Co. • ••'• ,. i'» • •- '";.' [AdvertUemeut]GRAND FAMILY ^HOLIDAY at BARNUM'S Mrji SBDM, with Performances APTKKNOON and EYRNIMO. The 1MB* 8(ame«e Twins, the What Is ItT. Aquatia, Ate. Visible day a n d ni«ht.•Ad « !Taa TMiBUMS, New-Tost.  