 6dtmenrty growing out of the mprisonment of San NEW YORK HERALD. Sago Constant, a British subject, the Paraguayan government relikelytohavealivelytimewith a i K i eOBDOI » • » * * * » • Englandonaccount of the sinking of theBritish merchant steamer "Little Polly,'' in the river Parana, on July 11, 1S58, by a Paraguayan war or HAMAV ABB ICMOSI STS. steamer. On December 6, the ship Parana arrired at Buenos Ayres, bringing General John T. Cushman Of Maw snip i, Mntietor to the Argentine Confede- ration. He i roceeded np the river ia the steamer Asuncion on Friday, the 9th of December. Hisbe democraticacompetency on their part.•her cease for it, and it isline cause of public evil iaof CoDgreee, Very many ofiot all, are their own self-electedt h e P r e - leatCharles-give It a high placeoftbeartwortd.totakeittoChicago. Judgingby fre-aw#. <rH>"iMVUMjnrr tins BVEWIXQ. BIBLO-S OABDBB, BroaAway.-Cooral Bevai.Virginia, lad arrived before him, and he has lain IK hi Buenos Ayres for some weeks or a flow ner- vous fever. The Brazilian government hhs just eatabUahed a line of steamers between her extreme interior town, Cuyaba. and her capital. The path is along the coast to the La Plata and then np the Interior riven to the tillage of Cuyaba.the curious exhibitions of aaetaphysioai logic, Thnrlow Weed, in the interest of Mr. Seward. Atiich mean nothiBg. amount to nothing, and The object of both these experienced poiiti-Noribfleet, England, $1,000; Mrs. H. Payne, of Bolton, do., $110; Miss Whitlegge, of Manches- ter, do., $60; Mrs. Stephens, of Bristol, $230; William Robsoi, of Barrington, $176; Mrs. Thorp, of Halifax (Bag.), $110; J. Lupton, ofCathalleThe revolution In commercial circles to Europe, caused by the bold free trade noUcy of Napoleon the Third, had the effort of hieini the Pope from view for a littte time. Batasw that the new commercial system, Ht best fairly inaugurated, much of the surprize SM excitement has passed away, and the old eass- tton once more arises what fa to become of the Pope and the Popedom? The question fa one of vast Importance, whether we consider the influence it exercises on the civUlxattoa of the world, or the immense numbers of people who are interested In its solution Indofnmdsatof the millions of Catholics all over the worlds a great proportion of whom are opposed to the temporal domin ion of his Holinesa—there are thousands of other people watching the developement of the problem with the deepest interest But although there to a thick sort of nebulosity still settling over the Eternal City, the question of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope may be said to be already settled. Hii Holiness is perfectly helpless, and must tall back upon the spiritual inheritance of his pre-this B*vland -from tramthat •VDOt 4r«dTh tee r Ingt #"*ao« and <largecomp Ibrhy the so- fep o condil w***e Of the ploy tittnery can *j their j they a promlsIn lb try c«u atitetieflfry dol awrth t <l»tl»r-, W4*rih i ma) laI «rr.i*iarjrfrl by tSYn to t*o Nor JMH»TM» flSt I I K g eCM! tile,m'ier»lfor the i gTAWOQ, try wba ly or<»n puirtge Urrowclion.VTkQQ.--hDother gera of ! their ey riggerscixiurnli', oom," ai infamous. I fiion, i•rerkers, Iowa" ] sctwdantihorrible i r>n recor white ma pie. Butbefore M< f .natics o t*je sable bahly Sal Mr own e and what with its UItropical j the same headed-fi «n»Dgo ex wtiite woi <w BD> Hi revolutioi{lidding* i the nboliiVGutctnerj*-"«?,gWi[ *"« oenomaiBOWBBT THBATBB, Zowery-Miai ltaa»SB-T«B Warr or TO* Wua.GARDEN, Broadway, opposite OUTBB fwwr. |WALLAITS 1HBATRE, Broadway.-BonurCB or a Pooa too»« BAB.LAURA K BINI'8 Da.ua,THEATRE, 634BroBdway.-JaAXtBBOWHY THEATRE, Rowary.-raBBCB S T T - WAJDMUHC Bora—THBBS FA*» M U .November elections have taken place.Senator Wilson, one of the most elo- Hunter, and Stephens, and Toombs, and 811-which they guarantee will become their easyprey on account of its weak spot—slavery— decessors before the era of Cooatantine aad ofPepin. In those good old times the succes- sors of St. P eter had not a rood of land that they could call their own,* « • •it at Rochester eighteen months since; Helperprinted it, and sixty-eight republican membersof Congress endorsed it a year since; JohnBrown practised it, and has become the martyrand saint of the party. Theodore Parkerpostulated it, and Wendell Phillips and JoshuaR. Giddings are now preaching it, andwill continue to preach it until theis concerned.On the other hand, the democrats, who have high hopes of ultimate success, whoever may be taken up at Charleston, are gradually set- tling down to the programme of operations not unlike that of the other side. As many as eight or ten men have been named prominent- ly for the succession. We have had Wise andContinent of Europe, $8. The list now pub- lished is only an instalment of what is yet to come through the operations of Fred. Dou- glass.This is an attempt made to revolutionize theUnited States b y British subscriptions, andthe recipients of the money here openly inviteBritish and French arms, and the arms of Eu-ropean nations generally, to attack this country,BBOADWAT BOUDOIR, 444 Bioadway.—Mair-GooD duced directly bearing upon the citizens of Newquent stump speakers the black repub- dell, and Johnson, and Jeff. Davis, from the lican party possesses, whose master was South; Lane and Douglas from the West, and Wm. Lloyd Garrison, and whose preacher is Tierce from the Northeast Matters seem nowwhich only wants a breath of pure air waftedacross from the other side of the Atlantic to fenit into an unquenchable flame. John Brown, itis in evidence, was in England before he en- and yet tbey found their spiritual chargeFOBIra—FiEDT Mats' BOT,THI A TRI rRAMCalRBW Broadway.-LBS f t a * * ! TBB kJB!J»-Cli TlGllBDO fiUulH.York.At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes-terday an important report was received from the Comptroller, showing the condition of the city'sBRY ANTS' M1NHTRK1S tfeehaotae' Hall, 471 Braidwar - B m u K o a , 8OIUI, H»CB», Ac—Wi COBB FBOB acted no business of general interestIn Congres- yester <ay the death of Senator Bro-derick was official y announced in both houses, andeach adopted the customary resolutions. Eulogieson the life and character of the deceased were de tion. ttvered in the Senate by Messrs. Haun, Seward,others. The republicans have a very plentifulcrop of candidates, bat Seward and Batesseem to be the only ones for whom there is$175; Mrs. Wigham, of Edinburg, Including the subscriptions of her friends, $260; Mm Edmundson, of Dublin (Ireland), IncludingFoster and Toombs, and in the Blouse by Messrs. Burch, Haskin, Hickman and others. The House ballotted thrice for a Printer, without effecting a choice.Nothing of importance occurred in the State Senate yesterday. In the Assembly several bills were introduced; among them one for a railroad in Tenth avenue and other streets, and one authorizing the Second Avenue Company to extend their line and construct new tracks. We publish elsewhere a complete list of the acts that have passed both branches of the Legislature daring the present session; also a list of acts that have passed each house, together with a list of the measures intro-The great issue that is to be fought over hasbeen stated over and over again by the repub-lican leaders and orators. Seward proclaimed seem to be about even, so for as the nomination being the only subscriber from France or theIBB BlUA. The Board of Cooncilmen disposed of a large sin, a coreoant with hell; it is growing strong,N1BUVR SALOON, Br<mdw»T -Oxo. CHRnrr'B Miw amount of routine business last evening. The and must be weakened; it is extending, andBrmUB IB MBBuB, 1>*BCBS BCBUUKlDta, *C.—DOOBLB BBDDKD Comptroller submitted an interesting statement of must be restricted; it is living, and must be BOOBWTWTH STREET one door eaet of Broadway.-SoioBOB'i ihe present condition of the Sinking Fund, an ab- killed. Taking advantage of the arms fur-Tiar_a stract of which will be found in our report of the proceedings.democratic Senators, he winds up his perora- TRIPLE SHEET. ers of Mr. W. L. Tuers. The Coroner's investiga- tion with a fling at the extension of slavery, tion commenced yesterday morning before Coroner not directly at its existence. But neither the!Vcw York, Tueadnjr, Febnsary 14,1MO.Jackman, and a report of the first day's proceed- subtle art of Wilson, nor the^ foolish ab« ings will be found in another column. The only stractiens of Douglas, Jefferson Davis andbe peimitted to stand in the way of civiliza- tion.MAILS FOB EUBOPE. The »OW Ywi*Dew feature in the case is the arrest of a woman supposed to be the one seen in company with Mr. Tuers on the fatal night, and who subsequently got into n stage in Whitehall street The person so ar"other ambitious democrats, can change the If the republicans elect their Presidentissue.the constitution is to be interpreted as an anti-roborates the admissions of Colonel Forbes—another Englishman—and the statements of theKansas Herald of Freedom as to Brown andhis companions. Governor Robinson swearsthat "Brown did not go to Kansas to settle, buton account of the difficulties which he expect-ed would extend until the country generally Italy, which will then be very nearly free should become involved and slavery be abo- " from the Alps to the Adriatic," will be con-la Europe —LOBBOW. Bampaoa l o w , Am A- Co. , 47 I.adgate Hl'l.Lansing, Starr A C>., 74 King Wiillliam ittreet. r&aat. Lansing, Balawtt> A Co., 8 place de la Bourse. IjnmrooL. .IAIIKUIB, Starr A Co., No. 0 Chape! streetR. Stuart, 10 Exchange street, Bast, HATBB Laustaig, Baldwin A Co., ai rue Cornell]*. HAKBOBO. . De Chapeaorongn ft Co.The ooataats of the ErnOnas EDRIOB or m i HBBALD will combine the news received by mail and telegraph atAn anti-slavery meeting was held last eveningin the Church of the Puritans, corner of Fifteenthstreet and Union square. The meeting was pre-sided over by Mr. Gilbert, and continued up to alate hour. The Rev. Dr. Rogers addressed themeeting, and was followed by several gentlemen.The absence of the colored minister from Dema- breaking up every bond of the Union, every persist in denying that he desires the nomina- opposition to taking possession of the Territc"* will be impossible for the Catholic church or rara was regretted. The announcement of his pre- family tie, every hope of leaving our present tion ; but the Democratic Standard, printed at rial and Lecompton State government at the any other hierarchy to stop the progress of thepeMtaattoa. ;T h e H e w s .Oar files by the Canada brought us fall details ofance. Owing to press of matter we are precluded inheritance to our children. Let the demo- avers that Pierce is in thefieldfor the succession. an end to the disturbances, and consequently popes and priests is more than enough for them,to-day from giving a full report of the meeting. cratic Senators and the party look the evil and The proofs to support this assertion are the recent to his hopes of revolution. Hence he and those without dabbling in the science of human gov-According to the City Inspector's report, there the danger square in the face, and, throwing publication of the correspondence between with him, who were chiefly reporters of the ernrnjgnt, of which they can know nothing,nforSituated as his Holiness now is, he will before long find himself compelled to ac- cept the liberal terms offered him by the Em- peror of the French. The result will be thatthe European news to the 2Stk alt, telegraphedfrom Halifax, which has already appeared in theHERALD. We publish to-day an interesting risumt he week previous, and 10 more than occurred dur-overboard such foolish hairsplitters as Douglas Pierce and the members of his Cabinet, which press, made war upon all who were likely to and Davis, take up the defence of the conser- was exhumed after having been buried more aid in securing quiet, In order to destroy their vative cause and save the country from the than three years; the choice of two of bis influence with the people."No clue has as yet been obtained to the murder.The CuoBrd mail WMttiHT Atia, OapL Lot*, will leave rested, Mrs. Sarah J. McClester, of No. 176 East t-laveiy instrument, and to be administered astraitor John Brown. It had created unusual excite- 78 of Ireland, 27 of Germany, and the balance of va- Hickman, of Pennsylvania, arising out of someKEW YORK BEBALD, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1860.-TRIPLE SHKBT,Um port lomorrow, for Liverpool. Twenty-eighth street, the stage driver positively an abolition compact The army and navy ofThe BUOBI for Europe wifl done la this city at ten o'clock identities as the one who got into his omnibus on Fri- the United States are to be used for the work could happen to him, next to being Presidentwere 455 deaths in the city during the past week, a decrease of 15 as compared with the mortality ofT^ain^nandeducated in convents aad to clois- ters—shut out from the great humanizing in- fluences which are continually at work in the world about them—they are not fit to grappleof the cotton and slavery questions, as presented Dg the corresponding week last year. The reca- ruin in which the revolutionary black repub-to Parliament by Lord Brougham; the great An- pitulation table gives 4 deaths of diseases of the licans would involve it friends and confidential agents as delegates at•to no good whatever—not even to the candi- dates themselves. If some power would give them the gift that the poet asked for, to see themselves as others see them, they would soon give up the foolish antics they now cut under the belief that they are making an impression upon the country and the Charleston Conven-cians appears to be to make the choice of thedelegates to Chicago fall upon Bates or Sewardby consolidating their respective strengthupon those candidates to the exclusion of all Leeds, $136; Andrew Paton, of Glasgow,nished him by the metaphysical distinctions of"of the frightful martyrdom of the abolitionist in collision with something," is incorrect Her rencontre between two individuals—Edmund- ably; it would fall like the pall of death upon and Exeter Hall. John Brown got the princi- John Brown, by the infamous ruffians of the bowsprit was carried away in the gale on Friday son and Hickman—that an organized assault is the democratic party of the North, and insure pal portion of his funds from England to carrySouthern portion of the American Union.'' All off George's Shoals. the papers devote much apace to editorials on thegeneral subject, besides fall details of the hanging; The trial of David Beach, who was charged withdesigned by Southern members upon theirNorthern fellow members; and they would hold single free State." All this, and much more tois to agitate the subject in the British Parlia- indeed, the papers are so enthusiastic on the sub- forging a check for $3,100 on Robert Bonner, was the entire South responsible for the hasty, foolish the same purpose, is said very emphatically ment, in order to counteract the reaction onject that matters of mom importance are totally concluded yesterday in the General Sessions. Thejury failed to agree upon a verdict, and were dis- neglected. The country appears to be quiet, and charged at seven o'clock last evening.the government is vigorously pursuing its measuresof improvement and amelioration. The Court of Oyer and Terminer was adjournedyesterday to this morning, in consequence of theand reprehensible conduct of a few individuals,charging the South with brutality, violence and is, no re-election, no restoration—one term The report of the Anti-Slavery Society, whichWe hare tiles from Bermuda to the 1st instantThe weather remained exceedingly fine; but on torney.the 29th ult a very heavy gust of wind,lastingabout twenty minutes, was felt at the Islands be- The Isswe and the Hairsplitting Sena- tween half past five and six o'clock in the morn-ing. Four soldiers of the Thirty-ninth regiment,It appears, then, that, so far as the North and West are concerned, Mr. Buchanan being po- sitively out of the way, the choice at Charles-W&3 a stuping in the treasury of £37,899.We have received Demarara files of papers tocoming fight is to be made, and the plat-medansto Mecca—from every part of the civil- "false;" and because his conduct was com- in Forney and Sidney Webster's time. Douglas by abolition. Does "English public senti- ized globe. That splendid city would formforms upon which the candidates are to be the 7th January. Two vessels, with coolies from placed, have been formed and completed. Theman, designating some statement of his as at the Presidential kitchen, which was so fat British West India Islands have been destroyedCalcutta, nod one with Portuguese Immigrantsfrom Madeira, had arrived, adding nearly sevenhundred laborers to the population of the colony.Upon the faith of severe injury to the cane crop of In making the issue on which they have deter- Louisiana from fro**, sugar had advanced in Dema mined to stand, they have made it for ail par-ram, and speculators were shipping that article to ties. That Issue is the abolition of slavery, im- the United States. mediate or eventual, and the preservation Antigua papers to the Tth nit have been re- of the Union by force. This is the ceived. The House of Assembly. after seven years' proclamation of a violent revolution, exiatencn, had been dissolved, and writ* issued for which cannot be consummated in this countrythe greatest world's fair that has ever North and West there are a few doubtful this Union? Meantime, might it not be as well been known under the direction and con-sultry and depreaaing. At the latest dates from Kauai, the weather continued so dry as to retard the sugar grinding.Oar Port of Spain (rrinidad) files record theC o Bindisposition of Mr. Waterbury, the District At-tor»—The Platforms Already Made. Our Washington correspondents advise us that the democratic Senators had been holdingmentary in their language. latter is working secretly, while the former isdoing so they act not like statesmen, but like aand West, and represent no Southern strength.England, you cannot doubt it is entirely with correspondence shows that the Daily Kews andKeitt and Mr. Breckinridge, gentlemen who 1859 shows 39,695 hhds. A service of church sil- parcel of children. They do not see the great have some experience in affairs of this kind,of the Cathedral on the 26th December, including shadow the whole country. They have yet rience. Some time previous, Mr. Pryor, of Vir-from England. The return of sugar exported inver, worth £250, was stolen out of the reitry room tacts that loom up before them and over- and who have learned prudence by that expe- which would not give an electoral vote for theEternal City—to concentrate them in some the Morning Advertiser are the organs of Eng- central focus, and to make the Seven-Hilled CitythecollectiontakenuponjChristmasday. There to learn that the issue on which theet They are either placeholders or ci-devantmentary and improper language to Mr. Hick- spoilsmen, who hope to get another dash borne witness to by the London Times, that the People would flock to Rome—like the Mahom-black republican leaders have been working at and fashioning them for the last four years.mented upon in a moderate fashion, he became savage, and abused every one that came near him. A confederate from another Southern State followed up the quarrel by moving the expulsion from the House of the reporters of a paper which very properly andtruthfully styled Mr. Pryor's language unparliamentary.is a little better off, but not much, in the ment'' desire the same fate for half the States ofthe *}?^?* * •** Lerjamtare. without the utter destruction of society in fif- from the North and the South alike, are too Charleston, will owe his nomination, as well asprone to make words used' in debate on public his election—if he should be elected—to South- questions the subject of personal difficulties, ern votes; and the Southern delegates, notWe have from Jamaica dated at Kings- teen Southern States of the Union, and a cor-ton on theMth ***• *- mercantile paper says:— «' Amir• .+ * . , •.* 'r*******»neinour market sinceresponding breaking up in the NorthernStates.the rice swamp would be a change for the bet- ter—for there, at least, are food and shelter." .could then well afford to leave temporal princes to take care of themselves; and when diplomats grow old and enervated—like Met-than which nothing can be more absurd. It being mere politicians who count on being hurt fortnight The arrive!, have been very limit- Before such an issue as this there is but one po- would be well if speakers could confine them-ed, and stocks, in c o n g e e , hnvtag been small, sition to take and but one platform on which placeholders of some grade, high or low, willthe operations have not been forced. W cooalder to stand, and that is a united and unhesitating selves within the limits of courtesy and parlia- not be found such convenient tools as the that the transections have) been aaxhractorv nod opposition to the revolutionary schemes of the mentary rules, and it is most unseemly to de- wirepullers may imagine. As the bulk of the made on a more healthy basis than ordinarily.'- black republican party. scend to offensive language in debating upon democratic vote, pure and simple, must comeWe have news from Havana to the loth great issues such as that now agitating the from the South; as Mr. Douglas has declared that The sugar market remained about previously When grave Senators meet in caucus to refine country. Language such as that employed by he will accept the Charleston candidate and reported. a parcel of metaphysical abstractions, and dis- Mr. Hickman was, no doubt, calculated to ex- platform, whoever he and whatever it may be;We have Sandwich Islands papers to the Slat of cuss and dispute whether this or tmatdlstino- asperate Southern members; but our a5vice to as the conservative vote of the North may be December, but they contaiB nothing more impor- th»i without a difference, snail be advanced as these gentlemen is, not to allow themselves to relied on by the South in any event, then it is tant than the new* reoaivei i y the overland mail. the creed of *** party—whether squatter sove- be provoked into any display of personal vio- quite clear that it is the South and not the The weather, as usual ia the winter months, was J***"*!, or the jurisdiction of the courts, or lence, which only serves to expose them to theginia, in the course of a speech, used unparlia-outton and Chicago,if it to technically called among the lead-In the last number oflition paper appears a list or theof those who have contributed to thetft-itoe orlofoperations in the republican camp, which to di- We find that the sum of six thousand dollars secretary, George Lee Brent, Esq., of Richmond to prepare the way for bis nomination. Hence Bates, of Missouri, and the other worked by subscribers are:—Thomas and Esther Sturge. ofear *s t » t »with senito be settling down, so that Douglas and poor Pierce are the chief candidates in the field.Mr. Douglas has many powerful and hard working friends in the North and West, who are making capital for him by claiming a great deal of strength in advance. We are told that delegations are pledged even before they have been selected. Of course, Mr. Dou- glas will have considerable strength at Charles- ton, as he had at Baltimore in 1852, and Cin- cinnati in 1856. No one can tell exactly how this strength will be distributed, or how much of it will come from the South and Southwest, which is the important, we may say the vital, point of the whole matter.Meanwhile, it is believed that Jeff. Davis is engineering for poor Pierce, and that his new move with the democratic Senators has been made to help along this game. If Davis could bring about poor Pierce's election, it would be the best thing for the Mississippi Senator thatto.morrow morning. day night Her evidence, as well as that of her hus" himself; for poor Pierce would be nothing lished. His object was not peace, but revolu- solidated and become the sixth great Power of The EeaaratB Et>rno* or not HJOULD will be published begun with John Brown's pikes.wrappers, tlz eenta. found to be the most important part of the investi-apbauilfWoBB and advertisements for any edition of the gation. The inquest will be resumed to-morrow Nsw Y o u BJSULD will be received at the following plaoea morning.BiRWCM'B AMEBIC*» BURETTE, Rimdw»T.-After finances. We publish this document in another weeks. We give in another column severaltered upon his revolutionary crusade inKansas, Missouri and Virginia; and it appearsfrom the testimony of Governor Robinson, pub-lished in Saturday's HSBALO, that Realf, Hintonand Kagi, Phillips and Redpath, who wereaiding John Brown in Kansas, were foreigners,and that their mission was to prevent peace inthe Territory, in order that the flames of revo-lution and servile insurrection might spreadover the whole Southern States. This is theira rather difficult matter in itself. It fa plain that Pius the Ninth has to come back to the old spiritual plan, which is by far the best for the church and for himself. If there be a Congress for the arrangement of the affairs of Italy, the question may be resolved by that,august body; but if there be no Congress, then the Emperor Napoleon will himself dispose of it In fact, the progress of liberal ideas and the march of human freedom have made such giant strides of late, that such an anomaly as the Popedom—none—MtiD Wrm t u t H a t i i t PAIL—M. DticvuLKBctD. Brains OeToaooa.fxii acts from a recent speech of his.the question squarely in his opening.test is with slavery; it is a moral evil, a deadlypart of to-day'B paper.The Board of Aldermen met yesterday, but trans-He states The con-Theodore Parker, has stated it distinctly on i he floor of the Senate within the past threeathalfpa*aloeo'clockiathemorning. Singleoopieala bandandotherwitnessesinregardtoherself,willbe Thisisrevolution. Thisiscivilwar. This morethanapuppet inDavis'hands. Poor tion,anddifferedinthisrespectfromthefree Europe. ThePopewillexerciseaspiritualbly lost to the democratic party. The man, The truth is, that members of Congress, whomsoever he may be, that is put up atthe author of "Alton Locke," one of their ownwriters, describes as "savages, without the re-sources of a savage—slaves, without the pro- ing work, the Pope and his cardinals would tection of a master—to whom the cartwhip and find abundant and useful occupation. Theybition of a picture which has attained the more and more warm every day. We have of revolution by bloodshed, for which its advo- Bar notoriety enjoyed by that of Mr. f v .ing men of the various factions, grows lition cause in the United» already alluded, at seme length, to the cates claim that John Brown died a martyr. would prove exceedingly lucrative. . 1• -elf-sufficient candidates for theand as such each strives to become theHome political school within the pale of the vided Into two cliques—one engineered by old was contributed in all, a large proportion of party, in order to he admitted as a leader, and Blair, of Silver Springs, and going for Mr. the amount being from England. Among theanything like powerful and effective election- subscriptions of friends. $160; the Haughtoneering. They have been prepared for the field family, $60; R. D. Webb, of Dublin, for self n the most artistic way, and their chances and friends, $166; Madame Meynlsu, of Paris,is the destruction of the principle of self- own State. The general election there comes who avowed to the witness a similar object was seven millions of people; and the Italians, whogovernment, and the proclamation that a small off next month—just in season to operate on James Redpath^. After he had lost all hope of are now so testy and ill humored under hit part shall govern the whole. This is the inau- Charleston; and if they can manage to carryguration of the reign of fanaticism and frenzy. accomplishing his object, he related to the temporal rule, will be loyal, patient and obe- It will sweep over this Union like a whirl- the State for the democracy, they think they witness the designs of himself and some others dient to him as their spiritual shepherd. Piuswind over a prairie on fire, scattering flames and bloodshed in every quarter, destroying property in the North as well as the South, andcan have matters in the National Convention who were operating with him. He said but the Ninth will thus be necessitated to their own way. The home organs of poor few' were in their secret, although many fail back upon the position of thet u ottoe during the prcvtoim week and up to the boor of sence, no doubt, was the cause of the fall attend- Concord, is out with an article which positively ballot box was because he saw in such a policy world for the future. The spiritual mission ofPierce—the Concord Patriot and Boston Post—were operating with them. The reason of his Popes in the time of Charlemagne; and itglo-French free trade movement, as attacked in bones, joints, Ac, 93 of the brain and nerves, 7 of large from New Hampshire to the National Redpath did'well to run away when served with the duties of the statesman and theParliament by an English free trader and defended the generative organs, 16 of the heart and blood THE ABOLITION PRESS 'UPON THB HICKMAN Convention, and other straws that show which with a subpoena, which could not be legislator, but are especially designed to deal not staleby the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the report vessels, 178 of the lungs, throat, &c, 5 of old age, AND EDBTUNDSON DIFFICUL TY .—Some of the way the wind blows. The Standard states that made to compel his attendance, on account with the musty themes of theology and polemics.of the French Minister of Finance to the Emperor. 64 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 4 black republican journals of this city are Pierce's present game is the same which he of the prevailing disaffection in Boston, and the Their mission is exclusively to the souls ofBy the arrival of the brig Echo at this port, we stillborn and premature births, 36 of diseases of the endeavoring to make an excitement out plsyed at Baltimore in 1852; that his expedi- sympathy for John Brown. He has escaped men; and while men have to labor to earnhave been put in possession of Haytien news to the stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 47 ge- tion to Bermuda is a mere " ruse to gull the "to parts unknown," which tells a tale for the their bread by the sweat of their brow, they 21st alt. The principal topic of the newspapers neral fevers, and 18 from violent causes. The na- of the recent personal conflict at Washingtonof that date was in regard to the hanging of the tivity table gives 325 natives of the United States, between Mr. Edmundson, of Virginia, and Mr. flats," and so on. The Standard is opposed to loyalty of Massachusetts to the Union and the will never be brought to submit to any rulersPierce, and declares that he is as much of a constitution. He will probably turn up in but those who are willing to advance with ment. One of the papers, Le Progres, appeared rious foreign countries. offensive remarks of the latter made in the traitor to the democracy as his friends, Forney, England cheek by jowl with Fred Douglass. the progressive impulse of the age. Priestly in mourning for the " martyr." On the 20th of We are informed by a note from E. Canard, Esq., House. These papers would represent it as and Hamilton of Maine, both of whom have He and the other Englishmen engaged in the rule being entirely opposed to this, their places January, to use the language of the paper above that the report from Sandy Hook, in yesterday another Brooks and Sumner assault, and at- gone over to the enemy. Pierces nomination business are in the pay of the British aristo- must be filled by those who will encourage in- named, a mass was chanted in commemoration morning's papers, that the "steamship Etna had been tempt to draw the inference from this personal would " swamp the democratic party irretriev- cracy, and are emissaries from Stafford House dustry, foster commerce, and give the widestown confession, made to Mr. Robinson, a leaderof the free State men of Kansas, who thus cor- half spiritual and half temporal—can no longerPierce's friends are very hard at work in his State men generally. The only other person rule over this new confederation of twenty-impulse to a country's developement. The old Catholic idea, as we all know, has always bees restrictive. ' To the Catholic church it has been nothing but good pictures, good statues, and very good souls. But these ideasby our Concord cotemporary, whose platform the subject indicated by the London Tunes. are now motheaten, exploded and decayed,its inevitable defeat. He could not carry a on the revolution; and Lord Brougham, we hear,Presidents.and can no longer stand in the teeth of the en- lightenment of mankind.But although the Pope must be shorn of his temporality and his mimic sovereignty, yet hit position will be a desirable if not an enviable one. Failing back upon the great old city of Rome, with all its historic recollections, its intellect, its architecture, its science and its art, his Holiness will be able to build up for himself a monumentAnother letter says:—"As to the feeling in tenting himself with the exercise of hisall that sort of thing, which is manifestly unjustThis recent collision, and the cause which pro-duced it, is only evidence that some Northernmembers, as we'll as some of those from theSouth, are violent, discourteous and unparlia- ton is between poor Pierce and Douglas. The ia London,"says:—"The name of John Brownis known and revered throughout England, In this instance Mr. Hickman charged the oiling, and curling, and cutting, and shaving even in the kitchens and cottages. Our servantscheap publications have borne the facts of the affair into the humblest peasants' cottages in all parts of the kingdom."•*,tan*t [*"»»• *cm tone of them a sentinel en doty at the time, hadf tolen a government boat and proceeded to sea ia a caucus in order to manufacture a platform with cowardice, poltroonery, and so forth, toilet, in fact, for Charleston, while his friends avidity and sympathy and admiration of bis her. They had been oat a fortnight and were not lor the Charleston Convention and the coming saying that the State of Virginia had been are endeavoring to smooth his path in advance character which I could not describe, while theheard from. Governor Murray was daily expected There is one circumstance, however, which does on his return from England. Dominee of the democratic party. frightened by seventeen white men, five negroesWe are sorry to see this. We are sorry to and a cow, or something to that effect—language not seem to have occurred to the political phi-From Barbedoes, on the 11th nit, we learn that see that the democratic Senators so little under- which Mr. Edmundson, of Virginia, thought pae- losophers who are doing all the electioneering. the canes were rapidly matoring, and sugar making With one or two exceptions, the wirepullerswould be very general throughout the inland by stand the position of the country and them- per to reeent by a personal attack upon Mr.the end of that month. Gov. Hincks had returned selves as to undertake such useless labor. In Hickman, in which he was restrained by Mr. for Douglas and poor Pierce live in the Norththe brazen memo- one of the mostTUJoiU [3»iied ibe 1 R'+olVMl,I" tXKUig IB *-'.:<-i an ina tit*! a n d |"»Kt t h l 11(1 |o pImp"** w"> rab*>M 1 n^er rt,, l ! l I* mot '<<,ii or ul"l*r .thaj Ui< i urea*•• *#.lf»<u>Wy,jii.reroor of «fcod,,"en goSouth generally, and Virginia in particular,and dressing himself—making his politicalPierce's men are nearly all from New England, angel Gabriel if he run on the democratic tick-lish public sentiment—not the Times."All this, however, does not get rid of the factthe great museum of the world. What a tri- umphant work would this be for the Pope.States; and such is the demoralization of the for the British abolitionists, of both high anddemocracy that the number does not increase* low degree, to expend a little of their sympathy materially by the lapse of time. Count out and their money on the serfs of their ownNew York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Indiana country and the miserable objects which meet and Illinois, and the free States are irretrieva- the eyes of all travellers in their towns, whomtrol of the Pope. It would be a Bar- num's Museum on a large scale, without any of the humbug of Barnum's enterprise. All the magnificent paintings, sculptures, and other works of art, of the ancient as well ss the modern school, would be brought together, and in the elaboration of such a great civiliz-'8. i MetEra i tact, r , * » B » | CityTV a w ,a*r,i.Mha«t|l |Ui* chsnTHB FINB ARTS IN THE PROVINCES.—We see ternich—the Pope will be there in his turn, as eA|North which will select the candidate. The South baa the game in its own hands, and the delegates from that section will not be such fools as to be blind to their own advantage.Perhaps it would be just as well for the ad- herents of Mr. Douglas and the supporters of for many vwara. . ai*d that they will attain Its adminiatration if as for as Congress has furnished an example. poor Fierce to turn over these little matters inthat Page's "Venus" has been shown in theprincipal cities and towns throughout thecountry, and, judging from the journals, its ex-hibitor has made rather a good business opera-tion of i t In Boston the picture was admittedwithin the classic portals of the Athenaeum:but at Philadelphia it was rigidly ruled out ofthe Academy of Fine Arts. The Puritans ofthe Yankee Athens, who claim a greater de- faithful, seat Perugia. gree of Catholicism In art than can be foundi l l ^ T a ^ f ltork^almUbehe defenood-the, Ignore the mighty truth that their anugonkt. have proclaimed ttat the cen-« « " *<> legislate in the Terri- p„4 tmmufm^ theory tounjust and partial censure of abolition Jour- nals, which are only too glad of the opportu- nity to throw the onus of individual error upon the entireijomtb, and misrepresent every affairTHE PUBLIC PRINTING SC^AMBI-I.—The House made an effort yesterday to elect a Printer. There were two ballots, when the death of Sena-death of the Hon. 9. & Waiawright, one of the>d moat respectable merchants in the West * » ^ « ? t i . A U v e r y conrtitntton, that it of that character as an evidence of Southernelsewhere in the country, declared that therewas nothing indecent or impure in this picture,the work of an artist who had been encouragedand patronized by some of the first msn in tor Broderick was announced, and the matter Boston, while the Quakers In PhiladelphiaHe had been a member of the Legislature should be administered in an abolition spirit, violence and brutality, whereas, unfortunaiely,Omr Boonos AVTM eorrespindent. writing ander I possible, and so administer it. We cannot bV the charge should rest equally upon members i be!r minds. They will not find the South so cial newspapers generally praise the picture, Glotabrenner, the late Sergeant at Arms, them«a«rch, KewCite of December 11, *ate, mat jn, addition, to the ' lieve that this shortsighted folly on the part ofUntitled Document Ipliable nor the climate of Charleston so genial IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069accompanies the list of subscriptions, says its correspondence contradicts that journal as to the changed temper of GreatfBritain towards abolitionism. One letter "from a leading mindread all that has appeared about him with anspiritual authority, he will find time to collect you." The report adds:—"All our English all the ancient wonders and curiosities of thewas postponed till to-day. The struggle Is took exactly the opposite view. The provin- now between Defrees, the Weed candidate, and.'morerialfavored poets of ancient Rome. By con-lasting spokenthan of b ya spiritual rock, for them to fell back upon, as Charles the Fifth did In the sixteenth century; and as earthly scenes begin to fade from their sight, he could calmly step forth from his great modern museum to soften their dying pillows and to help them forward on their way to Heaven. This will be a more glorious work than being compelled to shed the blood of the1\v 'pwta?t from both iections of the country.as tbey m*y hope just at present | the editors see nothing impure about ft, andman who kept the members in funds daringwww.fultonhistory.com 