 !i-H* W e do *»ot learn, however, that they formed a part is very strong. . boring, and begging, he has not been able to gainof the expedition troper. They bad joet completed. Altbowtth they denied all knowledge of Comma's him a single vote. Even the Pennsylvania delega- third man could, they say, damage the Republicans their course at the College of Havana, and were r*-' whereabout, tbe women and boys at the ransho afsert tion decliue to adopt him, and Mr. Bigler, who wil moet; in New-York the reverse, so that no single.t, -had nationalized one and the other was to be national- ized on reaching Mexico, if she should be proved worthy.ape the, fools and the spendthrifts ? This is a very Washington for a day or two past, tells its .own story: poor reason for an increase. But a loftier con- " The wife of Samuel Maisbal, a colored woman of sideration exists against it. W e do not want to excellent character, and of unusual ueofalness as a make places, either in the Army or Navy, attrac-&<•>for one or the other. In such a state of the case, it is well ur-derstood that Gov. Hunt would vote square for the Democratic candidate, especially should Seward ahd Guthrie, or Hunter, bo up.hcuBO servant, was sold by her owner, Mr. Hall, ou tive from their lucrative character. The natural Monday, the l9tb, and purchased by a trader namedf•'.' jri'l*•"if 'i',€-Untitled Document4 'oppressive calm wb»tfh forewarns the approaching other Der-ocratic candidate, and perhaps more so, r-torm. It has commenced to blow, and if appearance* for having recently in tho Conservative State of.":**f'**.1-: •npmeer.always invests his subject with new interest.valuedagreat<Jeal,too,andhetoldmehadbeen announcement,andtbeslavearoseandlefttta abroad. lie was sent out as M'nwter to some little Court, hedged in by Marshals. 'ffi. Republic in tbe mountains of 8:>nttr America, Bolivia,or Ecuador, or eomo other. He g*va me an account or But what meaneth the terrified expression on the bis tiavele and of the country. He* had traversed the stolid face of our worthy Chief Marshal, Jacob 8+ AndesandscaledtheCordilleras,&c,andatlasthe Yost? "Whatpaperistaatbetweenhis fingers reached the spot where he was told he Bbould fidd awtdaily. On ••he autoritv of the M«xican Consul at thisplace it is reported to day that Mirauion hod despatcheda force cf four thousaho men i» Matamoroa and th:s a ftw evenings since. The principal topic of con- frontier; it* this be so, thev will meet noresisteoce, sideration was the proposition, which hat beendeprive an adversary of a great political advantage. a few daj ei or perhaps a few weeks before, and gooe•*f*tn*»»*,-+imtow,t*.,v*i^DManMiMHJBDJPpPPPXRf*"?" ffsaaasswMitfwwNwi^M^ -?!!rarS*ES^«-^>^^^*:NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, APRIL 2, I860.well aw'are thai to }iii4^m NoTth, would be to produce just such a division of expressions. I speak of Crittenden of Kentucky, that scarcely any one beyono the small circle-"J of vigUant Abolitionists; and the personal PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS—THE VERU votes as woul"d i'nsure the su"c'cess• of" t•h'e''"R•epubl•i- gjjd B«pjaruin of Louisiana. I append some ex- Acans. Hence, the juggle of voting; Douglas at the tracts froin their'remarks in regard to the proposed friends of tie claimant,, who seemed to ;;;CRUZ;AFFAIRS^ &S'':--J Northtoheat.1heRepublicans^/whiletheSouthwas newmissiontoParaguay,which,ifyouhaveroom comprise the refuse of medical schools,knew6lean), they have not yet crowed the river, bat are w w * B3GBLY IgTBBESTDfG FROM MEXICO, -encamped at Koeario to be io readiness for any emer-r »s h °* radical,, either in his views or his erything had been done so swiftly and so silent^Hejon of the legality <> to7 sovereign State wi Ovc thing I must ad mring the nabaes corpn Common Pleas, compl rnvvrcssio veri. Thist>•ion. The gentleman tt-ocure the writ; was^r \i fort» added Mr. barofusal to obtaining it"I io such attacks asfthes«3 ^position lies. lpggettipnorOFgJtKorsSIAG-SHIP.;BOVBAIiI>JM!EN*r O F "OTSRA -CKU2L• © » /'•-"- '.''•" " * - " " " — • • - " •:' j , " • •'•• \ % \Collision b€tw<en Mexican andgency ibftt may arise.2&Brownsville Flag* speahfcitf*of this ^"r>:il*rwhat fiery appearance, or what would be such, were it rot fo* quiet and exceedingly gentle maoners-T»i» otCLOcx A. M.—The enemy are now throwingJfourteen-inch bombs, t»o of v«hich banjt in the pai- Saratoga, on board the steamers G?n. Miramon and.ae«; alto one burst above The house of Labadie 6c Co. Marquis c"e la Habana, were, on Monday afternoon, while we were at brvakfaat, bat none of us were in- transferred from the sloop-of-war Preble to the Parishjured; at this moment, al»o, a bomb burst in the houseof ".he French Consul. Up to the present time, no Prif on, at New-Orleans, for safe-keeping, till orders forives lost; but a few are slightly wounded with brick- their disposal chall come from Washington.Among the distinguished Nationals who are under- they work Iheir way. They have industrious andstood to have demanded the putting off of the day powerful agents, and these agents daily becomeof meeting, and who in fact deprecated the calling stronger by virtue of the momentum given to theirIn the first place, it has been proclaimed iu the papers that there was no excitement. This is false. The.deepest interest prevailed iu c?rcle» far remote,but the mammon of Southern trade, whose mark i«seen on almost every box on the sidewalk in Markeii •M street, and the Fall electious, reared its admonish-batsfromtheburstingofbombs.A -Spanish steam ship-of-war has jast arrived. I hope, ere this, our Government have taken steps to reinforce our squadron, for as long as this civil war lasts, there is no safety for American subjects in any part of this Republic.JSLXVJE* O'CLOCK A. M.—The beautiful fair are now taking their departure, and taking refuge on board of -the vtsssla in the harbor, and particularly on board of•our American men-of-war, where they will meet with the pofHe and gallant attention of oar gallant and brave officers. No time to say more; the vessel is oil'. From truly yours.P. S —1^%?- *-—The firing on both aides has ceased .partially.•yer,ardcamerighthome;andthatwastheerdof lyhavethrongedthatCourtroomandtheavenues hiemifsion. [Laughter.] There was one mission dis-continued. I admit it is very seldom the case that each leading thereto. Nor can Market street be altogetiierThe following, from the Brownsville correspondentef The Delta, gives an ascount of the mistake through eteamers, and supping them to hetowing armed bolts which. & party of Mexican soldiers were attacked by to attack him, ho attempted to escape. Two shots wsrerun a third candidate; that such a policy, in New- namely, that the price of living had increased,friende—and that we think a mission unnecessary.••Itf course, in jeneral terms, orthodox, and evangelic,*the United States troops who had crossed the Rio •Grande into Mexico, a fragment of which informationcame by telegraph last week:American troops have again crossed the Rio Grandeinto Mexico. On tbe night of the 16th Last, the two companies of Bangers commanded by Capt. Ford, and two companies of the 2d Cavalry (regulars), Stotveman'sand Kimmei's companies, tbe whole force of &*ngers mad regulars, amounting to about 225 men, and com- manded by Capt. Stoneman, crossed the river into Mexico fjom toe Banger camp at Rosario. Rumor aaye that previous to th!s movement of the troops, jQen. Garcia Luforated Major Heintzleman that Cortina was at the M*-sa, with some fifty or sixty men imme- diately around him, and that there existed much sym- pathy with tbe Mexican Rauchero population fjr Cor- tma, and that the latter could at any moment assembleA much larger force.At dayhght on the 17fch inat-, after our troops hadcrowed the river, Capt. Stoneman was informed by a Mexican military ofiicer that Conina was encamped at the Mesa, whereupon the captain took up tbe liae of march for that place. It appears that wnsn in the vi- cinity of the Mesa, Stoneman's scouts adv.sed.him that a body of armed men were encamped there; and this mfcrmationi taken in connection with that previouslyfired at him, which he returned.Then he recognized the Saratoga and ordered thefiring to cease, notwithstanding which the attack wascontinued with the result already known. He savs hepurchased tbe B'-eamers at Havana, from merchants, bean and Democratic candidates, as a choice of money is lavishly squandered in our cities and largopHestibatftreacherywasattherootofthe-scemingaO-| cident. Referring to the morning after the colhsion, it F » m OUT OwnCorrcipondtiut.. , . ; ;, •'•:,•-. vs* -..''•••A doing it its best for Bam, would be the order of the for them, will be found to.well repay perusal.that the claim was pending, and seemed inclined to regard Forney's announcement as a fatae a l a r c Messrs. Ear.e, Warriner, Bull, and Hopper m&i peared for the alleged fugitive, and Mr. Ben. H£ Brewster for the claimant. It «s not my purpose to enter into all the details of the trial, many of them have become in this city almost stereotyped. TJe.•/•:fendaut's counsel must confer with their client, sur. vellnnce of the Marshal, more time demanded, dtc.r &c. At last, Mr. Brewster opened the case for the v claimant, and presented the transcriptof the record % made in due form in a Virginia Court of Kecord, setting forth tbat Mr, Butler resides in Jeffersou, i County, and claims to be the owner of a negro who- has escaped from bondage. The defendant** coun- sel opposed the admission of this transcript on the ground that there were several erasures, and thathe alleged fugitive's name was spelled no \em than five difl'erent ways: Hofnor, Homer, Homer Honour, and Oner. The Judge, nevertheless, ad mitted it, and the trial proceeded by examining the * witnesses for the claimant. The first called wa.7* one Henry F . Cameron (no relation, I hope, t Simon), wfeo confessed to tailoring and slave-hunt.' ing with equal incifference, both being equally legit-' imate in his estimation if well pa d—^the patch being the great item in one and dispatch ii'theother. As far as candor is coucerned, Cameron vindicated : his orthodox fraction of manhood. The next wit ness who testified as to the identity 'of the defendant,on the night of the 16tb.On reaching the rancho they drove in the pickets andmade prisoners of all tbe occupants, including some . about 600 tuns burden. She was built at Greenock, th'rty-five or forty armed men, but nc Cortina. Short- Scotland, as indicated bv ber engines, and is probably ly after duybieak tbe main body of the troops from44its confirmation by Congress.The Miramon is a handsome modeled steamer, ofThe two prizes are probably worth considerably more than was at &nt eszima ed. If the cargoes turn •ut »ohe as rich as we have reaaon to expect, their totalvaluationinmoneycannotbelessthan$200,000.VERA CRUZ, March 15,1860. ing the downfall of Vera Cruse, or the approach of a -As promised in my letter of yeeteiday, I •write yon central" army to pronounce*, and both are looked for•ky the Virginia Antoinette.The belligerent parties have had three several meet-ings, and, as I informed yon that the Liberals would not yield up a single point touching their principles or reforms, they could not come to an agreement. TheTie same paper contains also some particulars con-. cermng the bombardment of Vera Cruz as folio wa: . ceptions they are centia'ists at heart, and are but wait-lutely certain ol success in the .coming PresidentialGovernment, and that -very Government to which he which cauees that stalwart man to tremble ? Can-L had been sent. He got there. He said that, upon in- it be a habeas corpus? It is even so. What is to quiry, he was told that the Coverxmei t had left there be done 7 His; Honor properly is non-committaC••'- v•When cur troops were at breakfast, very near theWASHINGTON,^ March 29,1860.day. To undertake to give Houston a single Free State would be useless; to take as many as possible from the Republican and give them to Douglas would be the game, which, it is contended, would send the election to tbe Housed where the Nationals think they would stand the best chance. Can such a scheme, under any circumstances, be made to work? The country knows how a similar one woiked in 1856.This, however, is what is proposed iu a singlelays:.,rajocho, a body of about 150 Mexicans, horse and foot, the praiece of Joe Lane in poetry (?). This morh-The Constitutionmade their appearance and desired a conference, which ir-g, T*e Constitution glorifies Joe Lane in prose.United Slate* Troops ,The New-Orleans papers of the 27th March containinteresting Mexican news. Prom The Picayune the ftDe^mg description of the Miramon is taken:" The United States prize-steamer General Miramon, • Lie«>t. Minor oommandir g, came op to the city yester- day morxSsg, atd anchcxed off the Marine Hoppitil,-where *he now lie* She was Com. Marin's fhy-ehip,and consequentiy fitted up -with more of »n eye toeomfoTt and elegance than her consort, the Manors dela Habaneu * HOT cabio, in particular, is very nearlyand. tastefully arranged. Among its ornament* are Guards bad been watching our forces during the ere ble *access. Jo« Laic was selected with this objeot In such a state of the case the Nationals see thattevexal verj pretty dr*wiogs of-tne Commodore's two vions day and mght, and ihe conviction that they were s;x months ago, but wiih all the drumming; arid they will have a very difficult game on hand, to ef-sen*, who were taktn on bourd with him. only prevented from attacking our troops through fear fect anything. In Pennsylvania and New-Jersey a£Nbeix-jr. granted, they stated that the? were «sxtcanNational GnaWs, an'd in search of Cortina, but could What it may do to-morrow, Heaven cn\y knows,give no ioformation respecting htei whereabout, and for The Constitution is a capricious organ, and obeys that tie party surprited was a paft of their own force,jruarding tleir baggage, and concluded by request- thehniroTS of our venerable President. Mr. Bu-mg our officers to take no further action in the mattertill they could communicate with the authortt'es ofMatamoroe, which our forces did not teero inclined todo replying that they were pursuing Cortina, and hope is to find a candidate, through whose weak- should adept such measures to take him as circum-contingency; which, after ail, is not likely to. ban-the following view of the same ^fl'nir: BROWNSVILLE,. Texas,March .21,1869.hut beyond ilat strength and the vote of Louisiaia, which Slidell carries in his breeches pocket, it is difficult to discover where the Vice-President is toshould have been at least one thorough and ex- haustive speech on each. I mean the question of the increase of the pay of the Navy, and the other in relation to our Diplomatic establishment.W e do need some radical reforms in the adminis- tration of national affairs; and if the democratic idea of government w destined to farther devel- opment under our hjbrid and antagonistic systems of civilization, we shall not be long in comiug to them. W e ought to make it a pait of our struggle againstthereactionaryspirit'ofourday,toshape these reforms, and insist upon them.The radical idea that lies at the bottom of these reforms, is that of stripping tho Federal Govern- ment of its patronagej and its obnoxious influences. Cur political struggles are daily becoming more in- tensified and more corrupt, through the existence of this patronage, and the efforts of individuals are constantly directed to its increase. If we wiBh to abate political partisanship, and diminish corrup- tion, we must strike at their roots, and not at their branches.A most important step in this direction is the measure to which I have already referred on more than one occasion. That of taking the National Post-Office establishment out of politics by getting our pest-mastci s by contract, instead of having them made by appointment., Mr. Sherman's bill, cover- ingthisproposition,isbeforetheHouse,andthough embracingagreatreform,itistobehopeditisnot too great to be considered and adopted at this ses- sion, which affords peculiar and unusual facilities for its unpiejudiced treatment. Parties are verylationshave wes with her? None whatever. Itiaad- Couit adjourned till the next day. The Court met the mitted that none exist. Is there ar-y prospect of anv1 next morning, and after a refusal to grant a contLn- .Yes, gentleman say, we hope to have commercial rela- uanceto obtain witnesses in behalf ofMoses Horner^. tions with that country. How are commercial rela-For several we^ke patt it ban been unusually qaiet;not a healthy state of pnace, however, but rather that gain support. H e is equally obnoxiouB as anytionewiththatcountryto-be,promotedbyhavinga Mr.Eorleoperedforthedefense,andshowednraij, 1Inperson,Mr.Guinnes«i Minifeter residing there? In what way?, Will a soli- that there was no proof of property io thedefend^^ pnedium big^t, good figartune. ^Retiring at once to his cabin, lie d-vested him-self of every portion of his uniform, except a richly-tateeled commodore's scarf, and attired himself in a new in Mexico. On Weduetd*y lost the authorities ofplain but- elegant suit of black, which he has worn Matamorcs sent out a force for tbe avowed purpose of to commend himself to the favor of the Disunioniststary merchant in the United States send out a ship to ant on the part of the claimant, and secondly, thac trade with Paraguay, or send a steamer up the river, the erasures and alterations and misnomers ia the because we have a Minister residing there ? Is there 'Virginia certificate rendered it, as evidence, one who will be influenced by that consideration ? If wholly invalid, and cited parallel cases i a jtbe business to be done with Paraguay w a profitable promissory notes from several reports, wbich. hig . bntinees, the spirit"of enterprise of our people, is BUBI- Honor, the Judge, carefully noted down, for whatciently enlightened, their eagerness for legitimate gaininfeufrjeifcntjyactive, to indace them to engage in the purpose, unless for the sike of appearances, it ie businesswithouttheparaphernaliaattendantonthe difficulttosurmise. Towardthecloseofhi* establishment of a Minister there. As regards perma- speech, it was announced that a witness for tha nent mieeioDS, all I meant to say was this: it has been defense had arrived, and permission being accorde*t very common, and was much more uaual in the early to introduce her, Catharine Jones took the standi period of our history, and I wish it were reanmed, to and testified that she had known the defendant i» Bend outBpccial Minsters to foreign nations for partic- Harrieburg, some eight months before he is alleged , ular purposes, and when the purpose was accomplished to have escaped from Virginia, nor could crose-,: they came borne. If, as I said, before, the propositionwas to make an appropriation to send out a Special examination shake her testimony. Mr. Bull theft Minister to Paraguay, with a view to a particular ser- closed for the defense, and his Honor, declining to vice, I would not object to the appropriation; but this hear Mr. Brewster, proceeded, after a few minufog" - name is at once thrust into tbe long list of permanent of unbroken f-ilence, to read his decision, which,appropriation?. in the most concise terms, sanctioned the claim holding witnesses aud certificates of record as un—*JJr. CRITTENDEN—Now, my friend from Louisiana impeached; eo, of course, nothing was left for huriis not entirely correct, though in the general he is. He to do but to follow the decision of 21 Howard, 50tJ,has known of no mist-ion that has been discontinued. and ii to award the certificate to the claimant ojT.I will tell him one. While I was on one occasion tem- 4' his right to take the party, according to act ofporarily !acting in the absence of the Secretary of State, '•'"Congress." A round of applause from medicalperform rg ad inta im WB diUtee for a week or two,therearrivedhereanoldfriend ofmine,onewhomI studentsandMarket-streetdrummersfollowedthisastonishing powers of migiven, no <&aracteri»tic iropi <jkO% seem specially attract!nose large, with a dbpoaithick and heavy; and his ibroad nor high. His hair dencytocurl,andiewointhe earj. He is semi-ty whisker, extending fromchin and joining the beard Hia hands are large. He ft drees—a suit of black, neckcloth.| Having accomplished hj little hum attendant en his he rose and read the openinlow and pleasant, with liit imagine, for great.eJocrtt was read in a manner pecaljtt through, and then remark Christian has more right V.!person;" after which he twolinesatatime,and:U-i twomore.Mr.Goinneeca the singing with some deg tame time closing hia eve?,an attitude of ecstasy, and i Intunetothemusic.Hethe New Testament, mak;o£ ^lain and comment on the panied the reading with.bowings, ehalnngs, and e n gestures are for the most rather than with the arms.tn motion; sometimes the fist fingers are spread, occaaoi poised in a perpendicular ] him, the extreme tips of hi yage. In making a pra 5 ci(he tips of his fingers daspe them with increaciLg tends his arms at leDg^th arxlands are never quiet.In his utterance the eli s occasionally perceptive liaritiee being . noticeal * hivenly," " iveiWiqg..thete>?hehasapeculiarpro words, such as " heab gethah," for here, feaa aanner of delivery, Mr. G toe he might even be ticu & generally raised to afils into an intonation of a pla 8on, so in diction, he r>>«<Gs language is simple. ^tjHts, and his most nolie J*311*deration of phis^es* religious«aith. The doctribe not d*ceiiful, it will prove a regular norther ere it Kentucky advocated a Slave Code for the Territo- ceaeee. Tbe ball is now fairly op^n, and our troops are ries, when there was no necessity or reason, except. ever fine*.Commodore Marin is about 50 years of age, bat^altogether has a commanding appearance. A very dark Mexican guide, sent them by the Mexican commander, might consent to write the history of the Houmas complexion and jet black eje give him also a some- they would find Cortina encamped in force. Tnis was grant, and call in the aid of his colleague,. thecapturirg Cortina (but, as the sequel has shown, of of the Gulf States. Mr. Slidell is very smart, and really assisting him), and requested the cooperation of knows how to piay his cards well, but he is des- t^ie American forces in 'so doing. For this purpose two tined to lose this time if he don't hedge. Mr. compan.esofdrajcoensandtwoofBangers,underthe Breckinridgecanaffordtowaiteightortenyearsappears somewhat younger. He is very slight built,nutmorethanfivefeet*ixinchesinhight,and,per-haps, one hundred and twenty pounds in weight- Heis very firmly knit together, however, particularly in Agua Kegra, thirty-five miles above th Bpoint, for the ready. Let him train a little as Senator before as- the shoulders; standi* and walks perfectly erect, and Bancho de laMtea, where, they were informed by the piring to the White House. Meantime Mr. Slidellcommand of Capt. Stontmaun. crossed the. river at for a nomination, being young and full of honors al-five or six years old. Her history, before slie came Matamoros made their upprearince and exhibited no Lovejoy's speech, which occupied only a column andinto posiesfion of the Cuban Government as a sail- Jittle astonishment at finding the Americans in posses- a halt* of The Globe yesterday, a clear and forcibleboat, is not known. Nor, indeed, is anything positive- sion of their camp, as they termed it. and at the same argument in favor of'that measure, and a philo-ly kno*»u of her recent transfer to the agent of Mira- . mon's- Government. We have a rnmor that her pur- chase money was somewhere between f50,000 and$60,000, and that it was tr ansmitted to Havana through the Frtneb Consulate at Vera Cruz.Toe Miramon brought np 35 prisoner?, and has a jrke crew of 17 men. The officers m charge are: l}euV"RD.Mirer,commar-din*;Lieat.JohnIrwin, D.Cl"Brayton,sailmaaer,andJamesH.Jones,chieft me claimed the prisoners taken as a portion of their sophical examination of its beneficent objects, whichmen; but were unanle to account for tbe suddsn change must address themselves to the reason and intelli-reported themselves whipped by Cortina the dav pre- gence of those who require any vindication of this viens, some miles below. Oa Motday the Mexican liberal and enlightened policy. Mr. Lovejoy doesauthorititsseiitafornal request to ALijor Hein^zelman not oiten intrude himself upon the attention of the to withdraw our troop*, which he has not yet se^nfit Bouse, being content with a faithful and upright todo,atdtbfyarestillencampediuMexico:he,how- dischargeofhisdutiesasalegislator, butwhenhe ever,onSnndaylastBentupabatteryoftwenty-four- doesspeak,hecommandsattentionandrespect,and poniiders to reenforce them, • all he could spare, as beof occnpat;on in Ja Mesa, mor« especially as they hadsteameis. He says that neither the Saratoga, Tndianola nor Wave, showtd her flag when he approached. He knew that the Indianola and Wave were Juarez'sIn such a ttate of things, the ex-Governor contends coneideiing it a discourtesy. ,I would have the Gov- others, we noticed Commissioner Loogstreth, Davidi Navy, which has not always existed. , The argu- ernment assure her that we think the batiness with Paul Brown, esq., Philip S. Randolph, and others.by order of the Supreme Government of Mexico- He evils, that he may in the end give an effective votetowns.. But what of that 7 Is the Government toA HARD CASE.The following paper, which has been ch-culating inladies of the family of our highly resoectable and conservative fellow-citizen, Fred. H. Fraley, esq. and others.Narrowing the circle, let us look, in the second place, at the course pursued by the counsel for the defense and their speeches. Geo. Earle is censured by the bar for not adhering to law and discussingFJIOM THE AFRICAN Correspondence cf Tbe N. Y . Tribune.COAST.In this programme Gov. Hunt is, without doubt, desire in man to play the bulldog is strong enough Sheekel, who baa her now in the slave pen, aud will its technical bearings, but instead thereof he8r. P AUL DE LOANDO, Feb. 12, 1860. The U. S Ship Portsmouth, arrived at this portthe representative of the National men, as they pre- fer to call themselves, in New-York, and in the North geneTally. The "National Movement" has many things about it that cause it to resemble thewithout stimulating it by motives of cupidity also. take her from her husband and children on Saturday launches forth into philippics against Slavery, and W e do not or" ought not to want to magnify the next, unleeH she is purchased from him for $800 before into appeals for humanity, which are not germaina only permanent official aristocracies we have among that time. Sbe haB been Sam's loyal wife for twenty to tho subject. I beg leave to differ from my pro-veers, andJs tbe mother of eleven children, seven ofus. For this we do, in making positions in the whom are living. Her husband is himeelf oue of the fessional brethren. The course which brotherArmy and Navy so lucrative as to be objects moot upright and trustworthy persons, and his distress Earle pursues is precisely the ooly one before him. of solicitation and desire from the money and the distress of bis children may be well conceived. Should he attempt to argue the case on legal they yield. The present pay of the Army This is a case that appeals to all men who have hearts grounds he is instantly met by a barr er higher than notoriously, puts it iu this position. And the Navy and souls, and it is hoped tbat no one wdl refuse to aid .the Himalayas, and more impenetrable. His only is struggling for the same relative rank in this re- in the good work of restoring a wife to her husband recourse is to ascend into the loftier regions of spect. W e do not want the beit blood of the and a mother to her children." truth and religion, and from the throne of immutablecountry drawn off into military channels. It is J. W. Forney....... . . . . . . . ij5^V J. J. MoEUioae, PhU4d'a..$l,0 Justice, to burlthe lightning at the granite rocks of-have been ordered to take charge of her, and take Fillmore movement in 1856, unless they, who are10precedent and expediency. Herein he shows notrome time this month.without bailing, fired and fled, whereupon Stoneman for Madeira. She will tonch at Prioces Island. of Mayj as originally called. Men from all parts55 If the act of September, 1850, is law, he mav notThe sloop Marion sailed at the same time for aof the. country begin to hover around that camp, whoso movements have a certain kind of interest. There is as yet, however, considerable diversity audDemocratic sentiment in this country is to be found E. G. Spuulding. Augnstrjb Frank6 A. Burllagame.5 »*. P . Banticom.;. f P. W. Lander 6C.B.Sedgwick». 11 ill W . T»ppan ......25-there tbeday before in charge of a traia of wagons. Navy Department, informing him that the coalThe mistake,however, was not discovered until five depot will be removed from Fernando Poto Princes render a few things certain. Mr. Bates will not bo hind as animals created for Iheir particular use andMexicans were killed-—four men and one woman. It Island, the Portugufse Government having kindly nominated at Baltimore. The leaders express no benefit. They are esteemed to be useful in earn-THE PHILADELPHIASLAVE CASE.Southern Slavery or the servility of Northern syco- phancy. No, gentlemen of tbe coif, Geo. Eirle's course is the only one, circumstances, the case, andjustice will allow. And if he fails, "tamnn magnis .> excidit ausis." OfMr. Brewster little need be said; let his speech of last evening, in response to a seren- ade, proclaim for him that he entirely coincidesappears that when our troops charged, a Mexican offi- offered facilities for landing the coal at that place. belief that there is the slightest probability of his ing.money and footing bills, furnishing rations andcer, upon seeing our men rushing up, fired at Captain Stoneman (who was at the head of his company), and then ran into a jacal and shut the door, whereupon sev- eral of Stoneman's men^rushed up and fired through the door, and in this way a Mexican woman was uoibrta-staiery k£I*9.No blame can attach to Capt. 8toueman for this mis- take, and it is yet inexplicable that the Mexican office • should have made so fatal a mistake, and that Capt. Stoneman was set informed that Mexican troops wereThe number of killed in the affair of the Mesa, as I have stated, may not be correct. I have it, however, jrom persons belonging to Capt Ford's company. No Americans were killed or wounded, and the only loss sustained was three horses drowned in crossing the river. There were no boits at hand when our troopscrossed; and consequently they were compelled to swim their horses over.On the 18th lost., Major Heintrieman sen*, up the river (oo this side) two pieces of artillery and the num- ber of men reouixed to serve them. As weQ as. I canThe United States storehouse here is completed. nomination at Chicago in any event, and that, forage; good also as food for powder and instru-Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.PHILADELPHIA, March 31, 18G0.Tbe store-ship Supply has landed her stores, and ttherefore, it is uselesB to talk longer of a union ofments for military renown; hut, beyond this, of noY< eterdaymorning,©hauntedchanan is filled with the idea of fixing the aaecesaion to snitbis own views and purposes. Heisloth to sur- render power, but being required to vacate, his nextJfuch. assiduity has b < £guig the public of the an jL Grattan Goinnea?, asc fcjofl ministrations in a N'e[Ag distribution of huudra liberal employment of ia< fa£y Press, the inteUigec <Jia*ecuio&ted that the paljhst*n. The church of the leenth street, has, for ;j aigbtly crowded with uni Biota of the new Iri*h prm of tbe rever#ndg«:nt»ecri« public journals that a d*« oratorical means by whi :h {his irrepressible metrcrol will, perhap?, be intere^-ioOn last Friday n>K' r-- ternbled, the pulpit svp« 'Bfiten'rs, and wane <>iwith lacies, who w«r?ihere were fib more ««a become tomevrhat une-*slittle time after the hour exerciaes, Mr. Guinse«s ar>p hi* way through the close pulpit. He carried a heavy• arm, aud bis hat in his hand, ijrurry, as if he had but y\n% 'cars. Reaching the sp<.-«k 'the sofa, glanced over theieyes, and appeared abecrminute?.candidate. The chances arc vastly greater that the stances migbt seem to require .,„ , ness or facile disposition he may still exercise a po- choice will fall on a Southern man, Tfabo will yet It v*88 pubeequemly learned that theee National tential influence herenfter, in the event of a possi- unite the party, North and South, in support of him.- turning home as passengers. No doubt they conaid- that.be was there when the alarm was given, and curered themselves fortunate in this peculiar opport-inity, officer are conviaced that their statements are true, lend it at Charleston, openly refuses submission.• hut they can in no wnae be considered responsible fo- and beheve that be escaped when the alarm was first Oregon is really<for Mr. Hunter, so that, by the time the expedition. They are fro* 17 to 20 years of age, giv>n. the President's candidate gets to Charleston, he willof fine-- presence, gentle manners, and varied acaom- Tbe statements of the Mexicans agree in the main be found used up and extinguished. If The Consth- with th« se of our own brees. They state^ that theything would feeem to fit everywhere. It is proposedby some that tbe Convention, after laying down itsTfcHafcments. The school pieces, framed and suspended were ordered to cooperate with the Americans, and ticn should still be in existence, its muse may thenviceable in riding into Congress and keeping up an organization against the Democrats; while in the North the coast is left- clear for doing the best, or worst, against tbe Republicans, in the manner that may be.found.most effective; in a word, a compre- hensive juggle to prevent the election of a Repub- lican President.Quito with nothing on the face of the earth to do but to repeat annually some experiment at a commercial tieaty,by way of giving us knowledge that he exists.Mr. CUITT Ktt ox.fi—Who is he 7Tn the eabin,- w t b the natural pride of a father, testify abundantly to their proficiency in drawing. One of them, a female head, also bears witness to the artist's• .fine appreciation of gentleness and beauty.Outvie the Mjracuon's cabio, however, things look very different. The gun deck, upper work a,' rigging «adal!, give evidence of th« hot engagement she has been in. The marks cf eiouon' baits, Minnie balls, and»heU explosions, are everywhere to be eeeu. Amon* the most Doticeable is the mark of a cannon shot on a large mounted iron piece in the center of the vessel. -It is particularly eorieus in thin, that the iron his the appearance of being mebed, rather than indented. The smoke stack a'so curiously enough, has a c ean c*nnon shot through it. The wheel and wheel-house, compasa,- ventilator, &c, are completely pmashed up, while the rdtf* of the steamer are nu<iled in every direction, and the rigging very badly <nu UJ.The Miramon received three broadsides from the Saratoga, beoide au ixummeiablo number of ride shots from too Indianola. da ing the engage nent, and it is surprising that the i©»8of li*'e, in any ewe great, was not even, greater. Everything bears witness to the bravery and determined resistance of her commander. He yielded, however, very gracefa ly to adverse for-were in pursuit of Corona, but that our troops, by takirg a different read, unfortunately fell in with their bavguge guard.From the information before us it seems that ourhe exercised on the political, epitaph of the refined, classical and accomplished Lane.The readers of Til/a TRIBUNE were prepared aMr, BENJAMIN—I do not know who the present in- was also a tailor. Mr. Brewster, with his wontedcumbent is. I know very well the gentleman who was fhrewdness, evidently hoped, by an array of frac- •here a few years ago, because I nijself paid a visit to tions, to ultimately attain to the unit, a trpe man,Quito and saw bim there—a very worthy, eetiaaablo 1nt he was unsuccessful, for his next witness,',Robert gentleman, to whom I was indebted for kindly hospi-forces found a party of armed men, and had a aiort fortnight ago for the withdrawal of Mr. Cobb, who confl'ct wi«h them at the place where tbe Mexican long since oiscovered that he could not command authorities bad injbrxed them they would find Cortina. IIIR own State in the Convention. Georgia will It also appears that the ma'n body of the NationalSuch are the interior phases,just now, of this talitit*—perfectly competent and able to represent the G. Harper, who said he canic as 'Va volunteer forUnion movement, "hero and elsewhere." *NECESSARY REFORMS. CorreKpondence of The N. T . Tribune.Gcard claimed to be upon the same errand, and how it certainly vote for Mr. Hunter solid on the first happened that a portion of their men having their bag- ballot, and the moral influence of her example" the sake of justice and hia country^swore tha„ uhen diildrcn, lie aiid the defendant were playmate*. The next witness was a brother of the claimant and, for aught in the record to the contrary,- migh*will produce effect upon the few Southern Stateswith other preferences. The Slidell faction here, W e are informed, however, that some of the officers which attracted all th« speculative interests, andinterests of the country, but having really, m my judg-ment, nothing to do; not seeing an American once insix.months, and considering it a perfect godsend whena fellow citizen came near him with whom he could ex-change a few words in his native language. Yet there also bo a part owner of the alleged fugitive, an<gage in charge, Should he found in tbe very place bo',hparties were d«eigniDgto attack, is a mystery..of the Mexican National Guard are intimate wish Cor- tina, and frequently pay friendly visits to hw camp. It won'd not he twprising if this should be ascertained to be the case in thi« instance.command? Bright, Gwin, and other modest and unselfish, legislators, are for Mr. Breckinridge, as a more convenient.instrument of their patriotic pur- poses than Mr. Hunter. They have enlistedW ASHINGTON,There have been two subjects of national im-is the miewon, and there it will remain. What for? consequently an interested witness; but his testi- To pension ecme dieappointed office seeker or poli-The special correepondence of The Picayune gives Bigler and about half of the Pennsylvania Delegates,to say, have been insufficiently discussed. There tablith a miebion in Paraguay. What commercial re- mony by Messrs. Earie, Bull and Warriner, theIsraelite without guile," to fill up the episode ofThe friends of the Homestead bill will,find in Mr.has but one company of artillery and one of infantryleft at this point, and thOBe, Lketh* rest on this frontier,but half fall. It is useless and absurd longer to doubt PROGRESS OF THE NATIONAL UNION evenly balanced, and neither professes to be abso- the.complicityofthepeopleandauthoritiesofMata- PARTY.moros with Cortina and h:eai;r.a, With very few ex- Correspondence of Tbe N. Y. Trfbtuae.W ASHINGTON, March 29. 1860. The National Union Committee here, of which S*n>=.tor Crittenden is Chairman, held a full meetingand this, morning at eaily dawn the firing agaiast the hui'drtdp. The Rio Grande is unueually iow, andbatteries' of Miramon was resumed in gooa earnest, bus>re*s of all kinds, on this side, entirely broken up assemble in Ba)fr"mor% on the 9th.of May. It isliKh a great improvement, and do a great nationalgood, when, at the same time, they think they maybut he welcomed by the Mexicans along the whole urged fioni New-York and elsewhere, for a post- hut meeting was brought to a clove Itce last evening; •route, a* Carvajal's men are starving and deserting by ponement of the National Convention called tocure it while it is within reach. .But the two bubjects which have been up withinthe calls "Mr. Marshall Mr. Marshal!" of his Honor aught but empty air to his ears as he flew down stairs to seek for counsel. •addreseed himself to that Secretary of War. He hadbad a very disagreeable travel through tbe mountainsto get there, and was in a bad humor to find himself metamorphosis, more horrible than any in Ovid, ef :*and the enemy commenced returning the gams, bat so ard the rancbos deserted; and nn'ese our Government ur-derstood that recently there had arisen iu variousfar to. no effect, as some of the baJJe fly over us, and <lo something; right speedily to settle Mexiean affairs quarters a clamor for a postpor ement of the meeting lishments, 'ihey are both of the utmost importance with no Government ihnre. He fell foul of this Secre- soicefar short of the distance. The enemy are at work ori this frontier, Western Texas will be depopulated in regard to the matter of the patronage of the tary of War with his diplematic correepondence. He with six guns, wbii«* the Liberals are using against and become a resort for none but thieves and cut- till all the other Conventions had been held, when National Government. They both perpetually press wa-p not very -well versed in diplomatics, and IsuppoBea man guilty of no crime, and free by the God of Nature uLd his own exertions, into a slave. Let me glance at the setting which surrounds this gem of Justice and American Freedom.them some.eighteen to twentj-Sve—68 and 80-pound- •rs—and two small mortar?.throats. the coast would be clear, and when advantageA hundred or more of the prisoners taken by the conld he taken of all the circumstances in the case. and for extension of service. And iuch by inchhis letter was not very courteous. He received a re-ply in consonance with tbe letter,* whioh he immedi-ately followed by a peremp^ry challenge to light adxxel. [Laughter.] He thought that belonged to thedepartment to which he was addressing himself, andne challenged him immediately to mortal combat. Notbeing able to obtain a meeting with this Secretary ofWar, he abandoned tbe country as utterly unworthy ofi-ll further negotiation or any treaties of peace what- ing front and waived back many who would willing-J. s. p.Mr. BENJAMIN—However.idle and unnecessary I might deem ihe pageant on the occasion, or however unnecessary the expense to be incurred, it would be a enall matter. Bnt, Sir, we are increvsiag these ferfign diplomatic appointments in a manner that is absolutely extravagant; and whe i these missions once take hold thfy never cease; they are never stopped. I ieroen>ber one instance. Some years ago the Repub- lic of Ecuador, which is possessed of, I think, some three or fonr bundled ihou8and inhabitants, tbe capitalcity of which is on the Andes—I believe the highest pen. Douglas is not likely te be the Democratic ibh&biled city..on tbe glebe—having one small seaporttown; at which we buve a consul, sent us a Minister here. He remained here for a year or two. It wa3 Considered proper, just as it is now in the case of Para- guay, to recognize this courtesy by naming a Minister in return to the Republic of Ecuador. The relations between the countries for the last five or six years have been commercial relations, confined to the annual dispatch of a eingle vessel from the port of Guayaquil bj our consul there, who is the only American mer-chant in tbe place. The Republic of Ecuador, poor, unable to Iteop up the expense of an extensive foreign itail, withdrew, at tbe end of two or three yeara, its Minister here, because it was not abl« to pay his salary;platform, should adjourn, leaving each State to takeits own action; tho South to run John Bell or Sam but that has been no rsason for onr Minister being Houston, or'whoever else they can make most ser- withdrawn; he still remains in that Republic, living inelection. Each, therefore, may be willing to estab-March 29, 1860.tician—out-door relief for a broken-down politician, as mony was nevertheless admitted by his Honok portance up within the last few days, which, strange the Senator from Kentucky says. Now we are to es- Judge Cadwalader. After a review of the testiMr. Brewster honorab/y declines giviog advideL If either party felt perfectly sure of success, the Eomewhere elee further Into the mouatains. T/iere already engaged as counsel for the plaintiff. Awayprojected reform would be impossible. This con- was, however, a fragment of the late Government—& flew the Maisbal I'ke arrow froai the bow, nor wer*man hovering about there who bad beea Secretary of rideration ought to animate every man above the War. He approaching nearer the character of the grade of a two-penny politician to endeavor to se- Government than anything else he saw or heard of, hea day or. two, are our military and diplomatic estab-upon Congress and the Treasury for increase of payefforts hy their growing successes. Little by little e n o r Hunt of your State. His position he in the army enlarged, and not a little by little is its issaidtodefinewilhgreatclearness. He payincreased. Forthisincreasehasbeengreatwculd support Mr. Bates, as a compromise candi- and even extravagant in some particulars. Even Jeff. Davis, the great p ttron and father of thedate ygaintt tbe Democrats, but will not support recent increase of the pay of the Army, admittedany distinctive Republican, and most of all Mr. yesterday in debate, that it was now too great in Mr. President that these missions"do us nay, good. considerations than those for himself and his family jof any third Convention whatever, is ex Gov-Theprisonerswerebroughtovertheriverinatug- boat, all in irons, and landed at the foot of C jnti street. A great and excited crowd of people assembled on the Uvee to see them, as they marched out to Congo square, in charge of the U. S. Deputy Marshals.[By Telegraph. JMARIN'S ACCOUNT OF THE RECENT ACTION.NKW-ORXEANS, Saturday, March 31, 18G().Marin; signing himself an Admiral in'the Mexican Hunter, Breckinridge, or some such man), on the and statesmanlike point of view was wanting. b6li«ive that we shall be as well without this mission. occasion was a matter of course, such as J. Mille:* INavy, publishes a protest against the capture of his other, between whom he will be bound to chooRe. There is*no reason for increasing the pay of the I would make use of every means to prevent Paraguay McKim, Robert Purvis, Passmore Wil'ianwon, andSeward. He expects nothing elee than the nomina- some grades of the service. The bill to increase tion of a distinctive Republican on the one side the pay of the Navy has, after severalConsuls cannot occupy or fulfill tho whole diplomatic he should be cautious before endangering, by loss of character, 1 know; but they are officers of the Gov- trade, the obligations to his cred.tors. As it war,ernment, and con be made use of for communication the Court-room was crowded both by spectators aud heiween other Governments and th'?, and can attend by the members of the bar; in addition to w«H(probably Mr. Sfcwnrd), aod an out-and-out Demo-years ofimportunity, finally got throughcrat, on whom the party will be agreed (Guthrie, the Senate.all likely to commit him to such a policy, or involvehim in any such inconsistency. He prefers to wait years ago. Luxurious habits have been, undoubt- till the time comes for choosing between tne Repub edly, increased, and their circle widened, andwell do it. I hope this amendment will not prevail. Miss Wharton, a cousin of the new U. S. District- Attorney, Miss Mary Grew, &c.; also, one or twolast night, with the American brig Virginia as a Fillmore movement in 1850. But it is better managed prize. She was captured off tho Congo by H. B. now llum then. More sagaciouw politioians and men M.'s steamer Viper, and delivered to the Ports- of force are enlisted in it, and it is well enough for mouth as an American vessel enga'ged in the «lave Republicans to understand that, while it can accom-plish little or nothing' for itself above board, it will trade. Lieut. Brown of the Portsmouth, and Mas- be quite as effective for mischief in throwing the ter's Mate Wm. C. M. Wheeler of the Sampter, country into the hands of the Democrats as was the. . . ..-«*. * .IfVresult. The army and theyuavy are both offensive Thcddeus Stevens.. CJ. B. CochraneJohn llickaauled and deluded by it, are warned and convinced id anti-Democratic, anti-Republican, to foster such a C. Jt. Train . . . . . . . . . . . . i George W . Pouroereceived, left no doubt in the captain's mind but that her to the United States. She will sail for Norfolkthe enemy was there and prepared to give battle. Ourtroops approached within hailing distance of what wassutpoeed to be the enemy's sentinels, when the latter, Tbe U. S. flag ship Constellation sailed yesterday vention was negatived. It will be held on the 9th anywhere else. This is true in theory, and doubly George BxiegsMarcus J. I'axrott tiue in our own case. .The groat fountain of anti- AleienderH. Rice10 only intrinsic nobleness, in his willingness to beartime. «The proposition to postpone the Baltimore Con-aristoci'acies. They are necessarily so in every Jo bn B. Haskin.... ......*..—' John Hutctiin* C. F. Adams.................*•*• Wro. Stewart5 the scoffs of the public, *but also legal shrewdness.ordered the whole command to charge, which ord^rWJXS promptly executed. As soon, however, as ourtroops reached the encampment of the supposed enemy, cruise up fbe coast.& was ascertained that the supposed enemy was a party P>x-Gov. Lynslager, the United States Coal AgentofMexicantroopsfromMatamoras,whohadencamped atFeroaDdoPo,hasreceivedadispatchfromtheconfusionamongthem,touchingthepolicytobethenaturallordsandmastersofthepeople.AllI.Wa»hburu,jr..10 John F. Potter;,'..10 tf«nue) C. Perkin«, do...sailed for home. There are at present in this port, the Opposition on him. Nevertheless, it is a faot account. And nothing can be more natural; forthe U. S. steamer Sumpter, sloop Portsmouth, barks which is not pretended to be denied, that should the history of mankind has demonstrated that suchThe announcement, "Another Fugitive Slave with Mr. Charles O'Conor of your city. Of Judgexin the vkintty of the Mesa. The latter place La ahouseven miles from the point on the Mexican side of theriver, at which -our troops croseed, and it woold cer Ayres papers to the 7th of February, one day later than quite at sea. John Bell is the favorite of the sidiously. This increase of pay of both Army and for Harrisburg in search of a colored man, namedtainly seem that the officer who gave Stoneman th our former dales.. The Convention to amend the Fed- Southern wing, and probably to-day he would be Navy, though comparatively a small thing in itself, Mos€B Hornor, claimed by a white mari, named As the Marshal was conveying the slave to prison, information which misled th» latter could not but hav -been aware-of tbe character of the party encamped atthe Mesa; it is inexplicable thai he could be so unfor-tunately mistaken.affirmative part of tho question the Nationals are in this Government every day, either openly or in-country. They are more so in a Republic than Simon Cameron.... . . . . . . . . . . ^ 0 J Buffinton... <'so H. E. Itoyce5 disobey it, but he can make its execution and iU ....to10 blucknees far deeper than the ekin of its cowering 1010 victim. His voice, soft and gentle, assumes a ring-10 ing clearness, and his words fall heavier than ThorV 5 hammerwhenheanathematizesthehorrorsofin both branches of our military establishment. J. K. FaiBswortb These creatures of the people regard themselves as John A. Bingham,pursued. Enough has transpired, however, to H. G. Blike military officers consider the common,herd of man- JohnT. Coylc5Sea Mew of Salem, Hazzard of BostoD, H. B. M.'s Mr. Bates receive the nomination of the Chicago are the uses to which military men have always "Excitement," in. Forney's Press of Tuesday, Cadwalader, I would not speak otherwise thanConvention, the great mass of the Nationals at the put the people, whenever and wherever they havewith the respect due to his office, and may only remark that it must have been patent to the most indifferent spectator that from first to last his honor displayed more decision and^nnness than iu al-steamers Viper and Buffalo.The Sampter sails in a few days for a cruise offhas assumed tbe judicial dignity. 'North would support him, and the selection of an- other man at Baltimore would be a virtual nullity.Mareh 27, was the first intimation that the publichad the power.had that the Fugitive Slave act of 1850 was pre- Having agreed pretty generally among themselves ever been in all countries, is to foster and increase paring to strike a blow in I860.The tendency of things in this country, as it hasLATZR FROM BOENOS AYRJES.—We have Buenos not to nominate Mr. Bates at Baltimore, on the and magnify the military power. We are doing it On Sunday night two Deputy-Marshals started most any case which has come Defore him since hothe Congo. • 'eral Constitution still continued its deliberations, and the choice of the Convention. But the doings at from under the very shae'ow'of Independence Hall, had appointed a Commission to report upon some of iw is yet far-reaching in its pernicious influeuces in Charles T. Butler of Sheppardstown, Va. They there ruehed forth a squad of a dozen blacks, theCharleston, and the state of things consequent this direction. The Republicans are in duty bound were but too Bucccsefol, for on Monday they traced horseB were literally thrown down, the axletree provisions. Much variety of opinion existed as to the thereon, will, more than anything else, determine••If,location of the Federal Capital, the Nacional Argentina action at Baltimore. Should Douglas be nominated, to take ground against these tendencies. It should tie man to where he was earning his broad by re- broken, and only a panel of a door was between the of Parana being of the opinion that the City of Parana it is contended that the dissatisfaction at the South be an active principle with.them to chock the inunerated toil, in a clearing, some miles from the slave and liberty, when the billieu and pistol-muz-indefinitely, while the Tribuna of Buenos Ayres con- Houston at Baltimore would be followed by against Federal patronage, by standing for the pr<> but what are two arms against the hundred of the will aid you!"The Marshal, by advice of counsel (Messrs. Ricbard McMurtrio and District-Attorney Whar- ton), refused to obey the writ of habeas corpus;and the Patriarchal Institution opened wide it» of whom is likely to bo accused of being partica- Cadwalader was appointed for the next d&y. Ev- arrhs to receive the returning prodigal. The dig*would be so great that the selection of Sam growth and growing influence of our military estab- zles of Justice gained the mastery, and the slave is the natural capital, and will undoubtedly continue BO lishments. They should also strike a heavy blow former etty. Tie naturally attempted resistance, was finally lodged in jail. "Aid yourself, and Godtends that the Convention mnat establish the capital in such a stampede of Democrats to his standard as jeeted reform in our Post-Offi «e Department. Briarens that, visible and invisible, the black nunwould surely give him Texas, Tennessee, Kentucky, They should go further, and insist upon a radical the latter city. Senor D. Jose Manuel Lafuenti had Maryland, with an equal chance for Mississippi,been charged with the ratification of the treaty of North Carolina, and even Virginia. It is evident reform in our diplomatic system. On the Jitterpeace on the part of Buenos Ayres, and Senor Bgua- that tbe leaders have thought out the effect on the debate a day or two ago by two Senators/neither here on Monday night, and a hearing before Judgequiza oh the part of Paraguay,canvass at large of nominating Houston. They aretbinpa happen; but I do not believe, to speak seriously, condemned for its silence. A business man has othsrUpon this subject, a speech to the busirees of the country. I do not see that we known Abolitionists whose presence on such an exhausting the subject from both the economical have any diplomacy to attend to with Paraguay. Ithat it would be folly on the part of the Nationals to ment that carried the increased pay of the Army, her can be done by consuls—we now being bothNor were "troops of shining ones" absent; theresat Lucretia Mott, before whose presence, weshould think, injustice to the slave would atand 1appeal to his hearer^ is. dn confessed like the viper from the chalice of St. John,and Mrs. Rachel Barker Moore, Misa Sarah Pugh, Hent of the wicked, and tYork, at least, would help the Republicans, and answered during the flush extravagances of the That is all our object; no disrespect whatever. Weinvolve, the pron oters ef it in the grossest inconsis- 1855-6 era, but it is worthless, for it is unfounded wish peace and friendship and courtesy with her. Wetency. He will do nothing now, nor at'any time, at now. The cost of. food and clothing to-day, for a will endeavor to accomplish that without the costlymschinery of a diplomatic mieeion; and I think we canman or a family, is no greater than it was fifteenregenerate in the future wc ftanner in this^ respect, w< tences from the conclusion 1f " The greater part of rr:ai terteo; the greater part Saved; the greater part 01 fcrned to God; the greater- iatle direct road to hell. I , Onthatevening,there werof revival meetings. 2\o. .teemed to prevail in the iixioue seat, no epiwue of "powering conviction,of sin,kos conversion. The aa< decent attention to the tad calmly from the church-,j^TiUS IX BROOKLYN—ARKS: i-'rr. '• DIA fire broke out in a ttallame, situated in Fulton pItreet and Fulton avenue,tight. The flames commuip«nter'8shop, owned by Mi With,their contentej were borseev Several animals we became so dense that the Jroached,and.werelefttop< story brick house, owned 01damaged. It is ocouyied b; compelled to remove h\ c< rmoke. Loss about $o,0v0. on the property destroyed.A few minutes previous s blacksmith shop of Mr. V avenue, which was extingi who was passing at the timAt the same time therei Seventh District, which or 1 of S. L. Hoated's stable in E[I t has latterly been used f< [sleighs, etc The names w Department before .» #vtdone.r These fires are all suppoe*diaries.Shortlv before the fire brUtdy, residing in the neighfcK fcew the stable. Hia action tune, and he was subse^a* Officer Munson, of the Fit name of tho accused is >*o»d for a hoaxing. '.-'•*•'•RoBftXKG ANExFRtS»W "Oloogtag to tho Manhattan Yji «»at of th« St. Germain Hotel P*«v© up ia a. ligfet wagou, and < JM»it© bin own r«hicl» ana" drov S**t»<k&, who csmo up to him it• *Uht«euth *UtH-t. Ot m*tios U a* ty*4. taok«n 4OWB, jacajx'd £*• r^kajfo V M r«oQv«*r«si. \ an\/. . . . . . . . . .*M JauieoB.Sheriiian,do ..10Such is a meager outline of the trial and of"th0.«^-.20 John O'Brien. Philadelphia.10 ministers odious, and brand them with a moralfelt had already clutched him?—so he Buffered hissubject, some valuable hints were thrown out in wrists to be manacled. He and his esoort arrived the slave was sent South the next morning early,THE REV.H. OR Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 