 WHOLE NO. 8615.NEWS FROM EUROPE.•SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 8, 1860.PB1CE TWO CENTS. ITERESTBG FBOI TIEPACBTC.MWWWWMIMAM*tflBIiTieS W TFSCAIY If 8AKM0LfromIiverpcolat10AM ef tee letii tJt, sad rtoieasli'isa the foJfewtog «sy,ar-rivedatBatiraxatthreeo'clockyesterdayafteraoon.Tke screw •taeajrr Balbec w a s to nave shortly after tawNtegars,forBaJJaxawlNewYork,axingttw placeefihejornThe sew* a tateresstog.Th* KagofSardiniahadforma!tynrtaaaiiidtheaaaexaiiaa of Tuscany, sad bad. signed a decree to that effect the French a m y waa daily quitting Lomberdy,sad•••Jo occcpy 8k%Toy HtoPari(Wifiatnanifamy.thatitnotonaccountofa JapanewSteam VetweJ• I f w i e s j i p wwwoasa nni«'mmmswTHE NEWl'^ I.HERALEears garden. Bat these specuatuns matter little. Suaha aayeoaaeas towards Smdww, hotbecause the mdc- thestory—thatthiswonderfulVenuswaseaeoveredonlybesrmgthatdatewas dtvatao tots saw amd ooBstssttoaef1866, Protestants refused to body. The old saparta: in their place. r" hibited, aad ttwsrinteniencies bv ta requiredtoassemble. Bufthe the subdivision of theirsweetvoicesefthssirensofthecafe Nostalgiaseizes fcim—he was visibly falling away In flesh, aad his wife andlatherinawproposedtohimtoreturntoFrance The ocean was crossed sgain, and they c ^ t-od (he pavements of Para It was not, however, without unpareinsymmetryandelegancewithsomeofUwbestto Europe, objects to having the opposite aide of the street encumberedwttharowofbrownatonehouses,asasowaaafence af Bjtiy hi Irrevocably — a d .1the evacuation ortaat spring by a modest vise grower, who waked a cooland capactoss cottar m whtoh to More h a rich FSJsramnwine. A celebrated eurtoso joined the wine tnerchant.and they oannteaeed to exhume tha Julian CkeriqaeThe two werewell mated the wtoe saarosnat tor htoeat-ar, the virtueeo for ha virtu. After innumerable dffl rejectee the amtatoial nrittosaice sf the M of September self to vain regrets? Ariane was not a woman ofthat Fiftieth and Fifty first streets, 120 feet in wiutn, so thatTk* Frenchaf Savoyfrentars. < Tb.parts*t. FartherTha Fxform bill had been fartherIke roads' * • * advanced at Pane, the rentes quoted at CSf 30c.Csneete closed on the 24Ui at 94>, a HH for mosey *a«§44,foraccounttheaamvows th e ttuojy offor thetheCaihedralwouldbetheappropriatebeadpiece.andtbe new avenue on either side be built up with palatal resi- dences Tnis fine boulevard would surpass anything ofCOaOttRCIALTbe Liverpool cotton market cioaed quiet but steady,the Brokers circular reporting no change in quotations.rSTlXUOlJtCS-Zatamg. Be advances the theory that descent constitutes nation, tha officer thought proper to pace tbe accused in nationality, that to give up die ancestral language m akin the hands of a justice of tbe peace tothecrtmeofparricide,andthatGermanyhas,therefore,Ute right of claiming the allegiance of her sons evenThe sake of the weak were 63,000 bales.ties, however, reported a partial decline of one-ejxteentb af a assay.Ike Lt erpool breadstufls market was Arm. The provision market was qutetOnr §t. Petersburg Correspondence. ST. PiriBSBrxG, March 12, ISoUDtxripcum ef fat Stayed Herwauo*—C-atiiitai of its In- (mor—Ma*v*jicod -Use arts Safer*, <fc., *Y., dc.after centuries o f emigration in any foreign country. B e upbraids Ute Germans of Hungary for wearing the Hon- garan costume, for speaking the Hungarian language, and for dancing die Hungarian dance. Tha appeal had no lnCueaoe whatever on the Germans; they received ttSporting; Intelligence, [from toe London Post ]Same authori-~^FS ~" Z*r T ^ to ward off the shower ef ashes, at enrrmd inasm, who has hadIt is said that the Earl ef Carbsle a aaxtoes tothe lard Lieutenancy of Bemad, but that Lord Palmer ston, "by senate suasion," has prevailed upon B a aobk Earlto••wattamiteanger."The Qafcana JTsfsasah of March 18, says —^•^***^a»w^aeasas#%»a,saj#>^^«t<»>1i<sp%tiger of tie Court of Venn*. ARK.VALOF THENJASAHA AT HALIFAX. rms cf the eldest sen, who, hehumed like a soldier, nor of t*i# r*.nt,•ekangba* wsr ejaato s lad, »Arrivalo fWar atSanFrancuco.hanging balconies, balustered to gold, alcoves and gar- dens where five again might make her nuptial couch, aa when with Adam -hand m hand ' ahe walked in Para- dme.which not only Mr. Buchanan, the Presideht of the UnitedNorthamptonshire stakes was 10 to 1, at whicn odds he wasbackedformoney,batattoeclose8to1wasbooked. RESTOr1KBrSOPRlETOBOt TUBSlOSHOSSt'SPlQuSOPWt'tached by covered passages to the Impera; Winter Palace, ty feet in drcumferesee, ohtosg to shape, weighing someand, a met, forma part of at You must net expect me forty thousand pounds. Tha was worked from the native Mspeak of acna, cluiatera, priests or Pope, or berm »B name m &berta, and transported here an sledges. Thefemes, philosophers, sages, poets, painters and sculptor* thai lure walked Qua troubled carte ainse erne began. Iks Graat Catnarme built and adorned tha temple, toffee Jayt cf ter bennty and hjr power, as a ratres'. from tha carat sad tods of state, where, surrounded by all that was peeaiiiul, instructive and noble, she might gather the wvt, oeaaty and iearnWg of the work!, to enbgbteD an I a i l aeronterroadtopower andgreatness Hovwe!!sintaceeeded history has recorded. In this magaifl.'est tem-ple perfect equality reigned, for the Empress ia: J asideter sceptre and walked wuhtn as a wJJEOU. Paiitwopb?rs,poeai. ttatesmen, painters, rn.jiic.aaa, lramauaM, *.< lent\ttj aid,theirlearningorthe:rart,toinstruct,toplease, Webave,however,wanderedlongenoughtotheseinfer versy bad written a letter totheCbnartraawaawel, inceil, bat af a temple dedicated to all the go-Is an1 g>i Emperor.tt a said, entertained a select party at dinner:o gratify. A ll opinions, all sentiments, a ll apeaula&cna ua. regions, and should breathe a m ancient air.Am. 1 all t h a wilderness of statuary, paintngs, ant.quiwere here free, for by a ukase suspended on the waiia, tea and art, literature has not been neglected. A library sues ww ordered, u l be who violated the ukase by re at o\er a hundred thousand volumes has been amused,porting any wing spoaen withia iorleued his rignt to enter and Voltaire (m marble) sits surrounded b y the books hejt the wutar artnoal g*rdens aai fountains were planted most loved in life. As you pass along, the oi.! man seems%-alun B^OOOM balis, and one might iu beneata orange to smile on you. So life-like has he been chaead, you are reatramed from making any comment? on his writings,;reves, liaauBliii to the cry and the song of tropical birds- ha pUioaop&y or tug life. But the hour 01" three a on the8 to 1 agst Lord Portsmouth's Buccaneer (taken). a 44 1 Mr. B . Ten Broecks Umpire (taken).9 * 1 Lord Palmergton s Mainstoue (taken),S'.milkam*n mines confirming the generally received opinion that they are rich and extensive.ofm dragging be' with one' i ? ^ ^ * t ^ » • »wan 9BMWUF, ClMesa rtlsalff Inttmsto Uuak of*, be dsyoftoeweddtoghemtaer of aim. The thought sf sofrajhtened ktm. White taking dessert he toftthe" tab* to get same 11pre, which he wantedtoselect him-ielf Itseemsthat tosjrderto havesgreaterrangein basse lecttonbesetoutforHavana,forbeassnotseenagate, asd the coaxal abode vatoly awaked h a return.We a r e informed that Prince de la Tour d'Auvorgt • hima well filledsanhasaak. Todissipate hachagrinhe ear Ambassador at Berlin,baa receivedtost»uottoae«»•:7 * mvssmn ejsjaswdto a embers of tbe society._ his,wThehusbandmhisflightdidsotaestocttocarrywith«WfwvajaglijSjWfjiwJt"t£%saanslaa^Vwanaal'KsTt ananlVUegroMd.aheleSy repts»Tham^sJsswmir **"* " ^ P°Mk*J ^ a M i * '**>"»<** 'l ••the pettey of a weak a*.roadie Bosrbes of'N» folry to —ton—a to*?*>« present movesaent is Hunrary has mo.-e ef thereTns vsrvBtowifewould hsvedmaybolargelyextended,totheThe proferred die eight ntinsnimonsty rejOetoU by church question in HungerT re dieProtestantbody,When UaeJJrst quarters of the honeymoon had passed a s s y ths nam hosband dreamed or Parts, las promenades, its improvements amd its macadamised roads At nightSt. Patrick's Cathedral, now erecting in Flftii aveaoa, di- lates particularly on Its facade whoa tt shall bave beenil* ^—*»» —u*na~j . ww,vaaaaan.1upon torn ha own safety. H a nijiiasSini an« rMiit'> *"*** * •Vuggl* for rehgaaa euuality wit*; travelled a season of adveaturea. Tared, however, of jomag him, in case of a protest of Prussia againit tte an The Japanese bis remmlesB rangrmatioBS. M. returned to Para, where sexatom ef Savoy, to declare that France win aftertbai. adark •gurea a full nghtfrom the totaaaag portal of a children orMe. Aartl 7, Tbe overtoBd mail coach, wtth regular Baa dates u March 19, arrived here tote last night8A* FnAsrwro, March 18—It if. TbeJapanese steam corvette Candtoaamrrah arrivedhenonSaturday,thelath,fortydaysfromThe vessel a of S6t) tons burden, has a crow of aTty 1 men, carries tec guns, aad was built three yeas ago torge«ec veasea of the BruloB'himseir, bead. Taepictare withchmioeand atonasmsaaamflosf terroraround.Bat, a prteet with the , —u » the midst a s srtat,hat box of bamaamsssj on bat withagroupofsofage,onwhoseeducationhehadspared ofatewdays TbeDonna Isabella a tosaildirectfo money She was graeerul and witty, asHaving entered tha room erpremry to see gs,wewerenotawareforsomeuseeofthea lady recently arrived from the tor south.or rsthsr equstorml, tor rite oftheSandwich 1paint ofm the favo- sa,kkelively,andsheaddedeveryqualityofthe to wsr natural perfections. M. became srssy %ao» «e*\J*a to enter that honest family it wasneces aaxy to nropcae amrnage. NotwiUuteadtog Uie past theBJo*nabouttendaysAMostntsjrrroFaTSBBMirTBBWDtTSX CEVTSAL PAST..— "The Father Matthew Temperance Benefit Society'ofH)«U HI pniK. In the rhjln Catholics on the part of the Protssteata than one for ee* be bought a cafe Through the raUa AMck's be adver- annexation do wbat Prussia aad Auatra havedoae. whenWasUiftwi.A c!L!S^jy^fa*^J to nave been just unit-iwretysmiorssMiomnnrposa. ltanottheIsmdmrooS* *< however, for s revolution for religious caus-against the sascordnt may stritkhesabawnedlsl athtathaerloeaper..Taa ltedna Post sums up Utekadory sf that. iasrecent arUcie,fromwhichweextractthe fdUomwftlteProtestant cause was Icstih Bohemia tt tons in Hungary and Transylvania, becansng drridet. 1 Lutheran and Gaivaaisttc iiiaaslite toe fetter 0 swathe amat_ popular, asd claiming Ike exoteatv* ef Reformed Church. Both chaoehss andrigb'- guaranteed them in the treaties of Vienna floor.)y^^eeTM!^ a.wy»'**«»•. «•«the^resji * ^ ^ , TM * » » » and Joseph that toey ostaiaed aee/ii equal privileges with Roman Csthohcs, aad fully equatisedforshandsomeladytoattendthecounter.Mas Ariaae P. was selectee oy him. She became his mat tress, aad bad several children b y baa. But if before 1he public dm ady came up to her engagement, aadtoe genUesaa waa satisfied with ber, matters behind the scenes wars not So pleasant. M finally became tired Of her violent temper a n d irritating jealousies. While M.assiasearch of somethingto allthevoidinha•fffl* heart) rasas1 by die no doubt improper con suet aad harsh disposition of hie present tody love it se hajiueami dag the books of ba estabifcouaent wanted seWtvg up. ' Instead of doing it himseu, aad applying Ui- aorkaaa ismady or anodine for h a present troubles, be empoys a Mr. P ., a gentleman with a daughter somethe French government protested agatoat the toeorpora tern offthe free city of Cracow terthe tetter Power—thf •* te say, that France will stmpty receive ttw set of prot**** ties.Cttw Intelligence.MAYORWOODAMVTBUBatsous Cosvrrrs.—Yesterday afternoon some or the officers of the Brazilian stoop of war Donna Isabella visited the Mayor'a office, and bad a little conversation wtth Fernando Ute First, who greeted the strangers to the most frtendiy manner The Bht zihan officers invited the Mayor to vhnt tnear vessel, aa be has signified h a intention ef complying in the coara,by*leave Us shores.Tbe Candinamarrah brings toe officers aad a |thecrewcftheUnitedStatesschoonerFeatmorc1 recently wrecked, sad at Iks russet ef ttw Lieut.JohnN.Brooks,U.BN.,volunteeredtoante Japanese officers hi making the voyage over the to untried ocean.roof The workmen abandoned their tools, threw down has more than a fourth part of the whole population of United States, ahe was forced to stifle her rage. of business, tt would always remain a street of residences, ifestation of good reeling oa Uw part of the lapamanIn t h aduals pesstoaad. W ethen proposed to meet preeaatoaas that M. beheld again the hazy atmosphere of die oaptoti. What had become or Arane* Did he ima gtoe that one with a name like that would abandon hercontemplated, as they would destroy toe effect aad gran deor of die new Cathedra;, and obstruct the view of its immense proportions, fie soggeste that an avenue be opened between Filth avenue and Broadway, betweentodivl-The Chief Admiral of the Imperial Ispamas navy 1 by Uiis vessel. She will remain here until the arrives,andthenreturnateaaeto Joddo, to arrival of die Ambassadors and suite thai torcutties, team leads, false drifts, bottom that was sotledge, and ledge that was sot hard pan, tends that werefalse, and crevices that were not leads, they, Uke thetrue Qthfersto gold hunter, persevering under all diffl- two Protestant churches number together between four tore. She wanted to go in search of nor perfidious lover; the kind in our city, not excepting tbe "Mall" in the journey.culues, struck it—wkatf A lady's foot; and such a pretty and five milbons. according to the most rettable authori but as hto successor informed her that be had left for tbe Centra: Park And being at right angles to tne current Tbe people at ban Francisco are delighted at tha man-ascompletelyas the impenaidecree of the1st ofthm month.kind. Ween shesaw a new mastertakeposseas10aof the codes house she grew pale with rage at the thought that she had almost, as it were, been sold with the furniSuch is the present state of this unbsppy question. Thethe pickaxe asd the hoe, and ran to tell the master. fjn< Hungary asd Transylvania.v-h*i4a day-one to he merkeri in the nalamtoi m m n The Paaf argues that the best thing for .lustra to do a wbaestone;aaditwasawhite(atone)maroleVenus. tobreakawayfromtheconcordat;matthere anoui-wUh the budget, and pockets; the workmen had a spree, and Venus rose from and that such a step otters Ute means of redeeming her such was not the case. Her resentment was too deep to ment on the adjoining lots would be a mere nothing com- andithe eapire of Japan. the earth this Una—not from the sea, where it seems credit with die Hungarians wiUiout incurring any coon break out on the surface. She made inquiries, and learn-Pmuaamnt wereSeveral asaiilhs esapeed, when one day, at tie Tuilleries, and, with the sues time flooding the tine front of the government, and will do everything possible to entertainshe perceived the taimless swain, with a young woman Catheural, would be tne favorite afternoon promenade.leasingonhisarm.Sheunderstoodall.Withatempersuch Theexpensecoulacotcegreat,astherewouldbeno theirvisiters,hopingtherebytosttnnlatetbelucrative The vTrtuoso capped has hands, and hia hands to h a tramotttanam which she need fear in German Austria, as that of Ariane one might expect scenes of violence. But purchase, but only a transier of property. The assess- trade which has already commenced between ttus countryterbaanciag hostility. ed that M—— was married on the l&h of October test pared with their increased value. If not to Broadway.it siicu.a at least extend from the Cathedral to Sixththa lady was fabled to have been born. Bat lake theliberties of that country under whose soil ahe had slept The Peath correspondent of tbe London 7ims,* gives Ute m New York. She dacovered also tbe firstJPrived 17th, ship Reporter, from New York; 18th, Archer from New York, and Flora, from Bong Kong.for s o many ages, whtoh ahoukt b e "free from the Alps to the Adratic,'' the lady has been "sold.'' There yoa have the whole story "aad sold again, as Cheap John has it. Yet ttB a plea- sant thing to took upon tha beautiful work of a very highfollowing novel Austrian theory of nationality — marriage—that fatal first marTiag? oi" Nantes— It a really aatontobing to see how little the Austrian which her lover n e w mentioned to her. She collectedavenue: but ot such things the more w e have die betterof die Siede. and by Ute heirs and deecendacu of M Even mosey was betted that Umpire would not star; isg had gnat difficulty in escaping on account of the tbe rehabiiity of titeee accounts, which are probably ex- Rousseau, who was Babop of Orleans anler the First for Uie Two Thousand, and tbe same bets were aid aggerated The popular confidence in Washoe to rm—>-tEmpire that be would not run for the Derby. Buccaneer was in dense amoke in tbe passage way. Several of the occu- grente Tbe latest discovery reported to a saw strike The Bahop came into court, attended by hie tw > Vicars good demand for tbe Derby, and 1,600 to 200 were taken pants, with the aid or beu cords, lowred themselves oc the Comatcck lead, a miie and a half from VirginiaGeneral, The usual questions a s to where a n d when h e about him in one bet, 1,800 to 200 were also laid against 1rem the windows to the street From the appear City. Thesediggingsareaaidtobeaarichasattoeon Many beautiful marbles are found here, aad while was bom, tie , were put to him, and tnese prelinunanes Umpire, who was in force at nine to one, being second fa- an.ee cf the burning and other surrounding circnm g-nai openmg or toe aama lead. Laborera werewithin tha capacious soup tureen.your senaitive people to New York ere finding fault with one eased Venus, you may find them to tha Pantheon byhaving been disposed of,M Seaard rase sad opened the case for the Stele in avorite. Maiastone was very Utile inquired after, and sunces, suspicion rested upon the proprietor o five dollars per day. and hard te get at that, as al1speech which teased four hours, and the doJaeos of which we acre—not that goddess stone, but others of more or wee overpowering. After reminding the court that theleas respectability, attended by all the nymphs, the naiads and the graces.Leaving the gods asd goddesses, and descending to sublunary things, we enter the halls of Egyptian, Grecian,Sit-.'"• was a liberal paper, that tt numbered among itsfounders M Odillon Barrot, aad after reading long ex-tracts from articles published several years ago by theSiect-, in which the right reverend defendant was eulo- Ionian and Barbarian antiquities, wandering amid broken gized for resisting the illiberal ritramontanam of at.and novate.' tragmentt cf kings, prtsces, heroes and pcetB. tombs tha: are tenantiem, tenants that are tomb- iem, Etruscan pottery, Scythian copper, Roman cement, Tartaran Boooha aad Igyasan crocodilesVeuiiiot, he came at last to tne 11be1complained of. The Bahop had taken a prominent part ie the discussion to which die celebrated pamphlet, "Le Pape e t le Googres,'' bad given rise, and in the course of that controIt was a mere case of tu quoqut. In controversies, where Seen waa the Hermitage m Cuhariaes t m e , to stroce, tbe ushers are gathering in a cloud behind you, in both parties get much excited, personalities were someof these JiJysian fields. were tree to ins.ill their opponento, dawrt their language. covers several acres. Though I waa tavorsd wits The winter, so far, has been very mild—no sleighing misrepresent their views, tiiey were tcemselves unassail-aspecial opportunity to vsntmg theHermitage, yet.theughtnerehasbeensnowfromtimeu>ume,butable. WhathadtoeSteeledone9 Why.theyhadappiielaarag a ipeciil cicerone and a special guide, I fear that I no* sufficient for practical purposes. •aw more of the guide then of the Hermitage a beautifulMiscellaneous Foreign Items.Tax GREAT K^-ITBM—lhe public will be pleasedninety miles, and found rich ae far as examined, (ijld diggings had a'so been discovered on toe Nora Ilpiticam, a stream entering the Columbia near Fort CorvUteorder to arreat any retrogade step; time again a lnexora times used, and to tha case the Bishop had only retaliatedpranewortny nature, we need hardly u-ge upon our Ger- manandAmerican friendsoftneCatholicpersuasiontbe advantage of contributing as mucn as possible to its sue cess, by secondITg the zealous eHerts o' tho ladies who have taken the aitair in charge. Tne entertainment on die openinguaj,weareassured,willbeofapeciiariyin-•a;ch ber cuccemors lare atiuid m pva::ags, sculp'.are, articles of virtue, Jtc, 4e, from reign to b.e;thehourapproacheswhentheplace must beclosed, upontbeeditorsoftheStale. Thesethmskinnedgentle- r«gn. I can hardly speak of It* dinaesstons, it and, though reluctant, we mum repass the marble portal men evidently tebered under die delusion that while theyto learn that the directors of the Great Slip Company bave decided upon immediately completingthewhole or the work necessary to fit the Great Easternsteamer forsea,so ssto meet toe requirements ofdieBoard of Trade, and have selected Mr. Charles Lucgle/,athoroughlypracticalshipbuilder,ofDeptiord,todoallthat a reqtired to tite ship, and Messrs. Summers and teresting character. A splendid band of musicians have The latest dates from British Common are to the 1 Day, of Southampton, to complete the machinery. A been been engaged to perform during the continuance of»o«a. ma'Hpertiapsthebeateosapamoa when wabtnju>San at ether oeautiful esjecas, Deeaaae the fair one'sThe Annexation of Ceatrnl Italy. [From-the London Globe, Bareh 19 !to die right reverend prelate toe nickname of Beetle, tee creeping, slimy creature which Beaumarchaa had created, and which wassynonymous, in France,with a canting hypocrite. Really these gentlemen forget that thosewholivetoghvashousesshould netthrowShip by Captain Carnegie, Mr. Brereton and Mr Luogtey; treat, to say totbeg of the fine air and splendid view and of the madiinery by Messrs. Peon, Field and Goocb which is to be han from the balcony of the hotel.FIBS IS STAPLE STKXXT—Two HORSE.- BrassD—Aboitfor London, with $60,000 worth of furs for the H od- son Bay Company.The Indane on Vancouver's Island were becoming veryWorkmenleave Mr.Lungleygyard atDeptfordthisday aarbie.as the never dead bet Dying Gladiator, is u n a tbe tohabitanhi of the Amiha; that a the Romagnoil, the wielding a pen if they could not use it to self defeat*"' Tbe Among the rumors that circulate in Paris are these ;—KingVictorEmanuelbaasotorkepthawordtothetyessaaybemoraattractivethantheeyespeermgdewn.pea you from oasvased walla, wade the cold, breathiem peoj'.e cf Centra] Italy. Yesterday he accepted the ten stones. For his part, he couid net understand journal- (Monday) to enter upon the work of tite completion.der cf diieganoe preferred by Skjnor Farm! oa behalf of late bringing such an action. What was toe use ofutue ao wtracuve as » Sivmg, breathing tamma. Sortu, Hodeneae, and the Parmesans. The vote of these ooun- fact was, that such an action waa characteristic of tbe That the Emperor Napoleon consents that Piedmont shalle'ght o'clock tart night a Are broke out in a stable occu- troublesome and were constantly committing robheraspied by H. R. Hoffrmre, at Nos 3 and 6 Staple street and other outrages oc tbe reals.aem to the atad of the church.ad tonr leaner amnss, aothiag euiierior coald o° Some thought that the tote of Savoy aad Ntos, might,The firemen were promptly at die pier, and extinguahedwith the captain. Heat treated by his messmates aa. in ihe ere before it got into the ngjging or hold of the vessel wemaxt, who has resided for upwards of seventeen renew all respects, one of themselves; te called to order by tne The damage will probably amount "to $i,0C0 or $1,200; DChina as a medical missionary delivered, at Wlibs' caterer, and runs the same risk of being made the sub- tuiiy insured. The vessel is owned by Cliff, Fan &Co , KC-TL*. lhe Erst of two lectores on Japan. TlaBwaraatefW:..JOG je and etyte a** had it crossed the royal mind, have led him to modify as sebooi (hail) jaf paiaaega If yoa are %aa4tj the ailumaa to h a aneant provinces. The most ancientjea stay tenet (your eyes) on the waiie of taawscc sesooi, where tai pigs, cntJe, to/keys,aadcanccsrarereadyfarUus sp»t,ifnotaptued. AOar•aaafytngtlKcievmgB of the tangry mna, yoa enn turn dom at the expense of the davoyarda. W e anall see *> Iks flssaawss t a n , and armk fwuu the o er aOw;-.g cap what will be said to Baron BtomoU, ia answer to the tenU-e sub ct and the known capacity OJ d a 'ee*,D*'dJJ*Jfcg»aer a. larg* auiience, among wtom *^*^t*|!!_~'" ?f a.^hafwsburj , who occupied tbe chair Ronod teeraoa were burg several native drawings "P^^^f,,!?, , mntes of tt- .UraEfse, and illustrating their manaerssoa customs, togetherw*tB Mrveral"^f?*****" *?! m*p* ar.<< plans <icities, witii *omeof * " * " * J TM 3 usd doubtless made acqnainta***- tiuoogh t b e t e c a a .-cntau-cd a Bi Laurence (tf^rfjaat s reoantry - -'txtiaurdissryfaci,thatthelialinsaaootul00£»».„ iavatodae somt>«n a sosct* as taudssa-tbod b/ ?-.«?. the laainma, tbmigh, areeo: so tragic m the:r ,'*;" -•, 1..-ere aa«re given to Venae, to B*ocnm.»,jisrsef •roJoflY Yen may get at idea n! it by reading Bu'.' f*<Br* "f*** ***•»•" Whether Bruaaff ssssted.or Buiverdn-esforthePope«epickituporletitlie,asheplei _up .^ J ^ S ^me to be sneered away trom him, aad the peoole whose gier, and that die same difficulties would not be met withhimself, however, being generally pretty ror «ard :ti thebusinessofplayful mischief Upononequestion,thaiof NiTiosALCCDETS.?;TTYsunnRsGiMxai.—ThiSregiment, smoking, the young prince is sternly denied th- privilege under the command of Coicnei Michael Corcoran, will as- indulged in by other officers That growing weakness ofaik^accewastenderedbySignerFarini,buytheirfreebv marebmg thither from Tetuan. The Spanish army will have to ascend the steep sides of die Sierra Bulionee,WhetherhesoUteoneortheotherwillsot maJata son.Ike course ef Austria, after the French baoe sjaawsfl fstaamsw). mast ha s aawasaT eftoaaye endeavored to• ^ • • a t A u s t n a woakt do, aad to have 1muchwell aa could be expected. At present t L goveraaaat aoaaaa naaalsatf cosaoiuea of as tnastaty to f«aewaatrus»ie«a<trwm.Sheatobeavaplaat1t sasstiliicaly Bam Venioa, sad ' aaromto a . s h e affirms, esaptoymgae- etetaajaanstovasaaa,aadthea^wthihr llbiaiiryaaar*<«*« devetooed. There a , are have been mtormed by the Tke lectorar. Bam ltd proposed to establish in Liverpool as attorneys v*rv nam who examined it, a coal stratum extending •locally engage tos cstirse ot roansued nrsvocntam a s t h s hare T T T TIsm a the 0*1m af ctViUxatieaptfesj* aesk are stoked to the e a r cot ap sad vast pl*es of awah areSf daa Xaaaao. a u aor ana Mtome aad saaith of the1 isSJ-s^aaTtet m^ooagor. " • f a1,000 even was betted on Umpire against him. CHrarrsKerr.16 to 1 agst Mr Calder's Vatka (taken).16 " 1 " Mr. T. Parr's Gaspara (taken).26 " 1 «• Mr B Ten Broecks Satellite (offered).83 " 1 " Mr C Devon's Independence (taken;. 60 " 1 <; itr . Shelley's lifeboat (taken)TWO TEOrSUSI)6 to 2 agst Lord Portsmeuth's Buccaneer (t 8 to 1).4 " 1 " Mr. A. NahoUs' the Wixard (6 10 1 taken5 " 1 " .Mr. T. Parr'a Lupellue (aken). Dssnnr.which, while paying the editor of that paper, M Grand-guiliot, the compliment oi statng that he was a m an ofhonor, he left it tc '*-• .nfcrrec tnat the editors of Ute Steelewere not. Upon this M Secard rang Uu> changes, ss bar- ,000 . f 30 Vr. P. Wrigpt s Uppernan (taken)tne store, Tolly McUonaiu. Tbe police of tbe Eighteenth precinct LOOK him into custody and notified toe Fire Marshal Th- acciseti was eaoeequectiy taken totbe Poltee Court at Jrilorcon market, and committed to await the Fire Marsha!'? investigation. T h e damage t J the atock oi grocerit*, & c w,n o» about $J0o Mr M-'Jwnaid has an insurance of $700 on uis stoit 01 grace res acd furniture in tne Eagle ios'irance ciompauy. About $100 damage was done to uie furniture ot toe tenants in the npper part of the building; no insurance. Tne building is owned by John Hegeman it is damaged abo<it $400, and is insured in tne Nurtn Ew< r iosaranoe Company.are locking out for claims of their own.NXW8 FROM ORSOOK AITD WlSHDJOTOK.Oregon advices to the 12th of March are received, TJas proposition for a jemt convention, representing Oregonand Washington Territory, to urge Congress te buildthePacific Railroad from St. Paul to the Calombte river, e ethe grounc. 0. tint being the best route, and the one on-lating Interest, is strongly and urgently advocated bythe Oregon press TbeOreoonionisinreceiptofaletterfrompartiestotheraters will do, and at length sat down, evidently much fatigued, but no; ao much a s h a hearers.M. Berryer then rose and commenced die Bishop's de-fence. He,said tea action should never nave been brought.36 14 1 36 it 1Mr. I. Ansoii s Cramocd (taken), lord Zetland's Lanchester (taken).been subscribed lor that purpose.The Washington papers also content aavorable 1The Victoria Cni<mut says —Sure" toe 1st of April bat -a met, aaaaaagjemt0 wkatt I fenced. Bo* • it poanbSe to treaier. nun no alternative. Unas beannearly unanimous tmes they lived in. Liberty of speech and the freedom annex Tuscany, but that the King shall appoint a gover- The buddir g being of light materal, the fire spread rapidly, eleven wholesale jobbing houses, wtth an aggregate capi-net wasdescribedbya caarmiagsoman Therewerea26,ao»namesregatsrodontheelectoralroil. Of this number no fewer than 436,000 voted tor annexa jofthelady1beaacfaleyer sontoPiedmont,andonly"66tors separate kingdom.and inafewminutesdiewhole stablewasin flames Two Lcrffs. owned by A. W. Fraser, glass case makerta,of$200.0CC,hnve cioaed their business here. Victora is improving rapidly.Still,ientrance to the Henn.u^e is under the south- Allowing that the cancelled votes, 760 to number, were i porch aavportodby greatb^»marbiep»nta,amag- given tor a separate kingdom, tnere would be only 1,606 nslrnsss of white smrote, aanasa by a s over- votes given on that ado Probably, s o greater iastaamWithinamonthonethirdofUwpopulation ofYd A communication from Fienabourg, of the 16th uit, to No Insurance The fire also communicated to tne rear NXWB FROM THE SANDWICH ULAMD&the Prtitttan QaietU, says.—The Assembly of the States part of No. 71 Hudson street, owned and occupied by The bark Franca Palmer brings news from the of Schleswtck yesterday discussed tbe address of devoted- Charles V. Lewis as a paint store. The stock waa dam- vice Islands to the 28tb nit., six days later.oorrtdor, aupportod by ei.rer gray maroje col- af unanimity could be found. The result to Tuscanyahowa a terger minority, but still one ao small that we areentitled10regardthevoteaapractically unanimous. To-day Kmg Victor kaaanuei a to accept the Tuscan ten- der as he has accepted mat of tbe Akmlan provinces, and tt only remains to be seen whether he will accept It with reserres or, as he rromaed, unconditionally The rapid interchange of oemmuaaattona between Turin aad Para may have referred only to Savoy and Nice, but It a also probable that they save had acme bearing oa the fu- ture of tbe kingdom over which Victor Emanuel a to rule.The President—The court has heard your speech withpatience.M.Berryer. Ibegyouwillnottaxittoofar,and hope die audience won't forget their self respect King. The address was strongly attacked by M. Buch fully insured. The fire, tt si supposeU, was the work of The ship Siren arrived at Honolulu oa the 231 Feb-. ofsptandiddtnaenstons,inviteeyoubyaneasyaaaant to the rich baBs withtn. We have deposited etoaks,sTtrcoats, overatwas, oanea. * c , and auuc our *pp»4r-aesa «o the uaner in a swaltow tail coat—each s the order.Ha aave aseended the white marble steps, and entered aneaaad gorgeoua hail, which leads off on either band. Telahat) tea a beautiful floor o f inlaid wood, s o smooth a n daauamg that you leer every mcanent not only to injure awsn toe heavy bee» oi yoor soots, bet also to slip upon ttas J a were ice Elegant tables, vases asd eeadelaareeef malachite, lapis tsauK, jasper and other prectous stone*,are is only furciture, whiV %few picterea and 3jieuJ. ttr*»cor« adorn the jj^b.y atrough: panelled b' ie andgOMtenc«-.ixgandwalls. Itwouldbetodwoaandnuao-tonoea to leaonbe m order of eaJsJagus the huaireu and ttme. y;:ck ana reewote h e has ever ahown himself toaeaawhichtheminorityhadproposedtopresenttotbe agedbyureaadwatertotheextentofaboutSO0Oor$800;eawksBs, the tbwaaanl and one wonders ofart.ortta andoneesjaeaasospmodidlv,soartsttcaltyaad setuijy arranged a mis en shunted hall, tor it realtys,vatruth,thatIfonepomesiigd theveritable l**v er aJaddtc, ant w is gives to rub it a Utrmaanrt Wanes, - 7 armed aim ail the slaves o: t t e lamp, w:Ui theirbe, aad never more ao than in these latter proceedings.to ha answer to Fermi's brief address, the Kmg a madetomythathewillbeproudtocallhisaswsubjects"mypeople.'' Then h e remarks that "in uniting to my ancientprovince*,notonlytbeStatesofModenaand Parma,buttLe Komagna, he does not intend to fail to deep devoted- from Cents to both tiase places. These three towns thusform, at the northwest angle of the African continent, akind of equilateral trangle with a town at each extremity,Ceuta to the north, Tetuan to tbe south, and tangier to thewest Tha explains what insurmountable obstacka steepmountama oppose to a direct march from Cento on Taa ject of a practical joke aa any other young gentleman— el Mysue, Maine.At all events, Modena, Parma aad the Romagaaare for- mally and officially annexed to Piedmont Farini lost noHere there was aoghter, and toe court adjourned. •aamissk Operations tat T angler .the persons in the tribunes, and was rejected b y a majo rity of 22 to 12The Porte has recognized Michael Obrenowicb as sue cesser to h a father, Miiosh, Prince or Ser'viaThe Weekty Jteguter announces die receipt of a donation of £1,000 from tbe Dowager Duchess of Leeds in aid of toe necessities of the Pope. The same paper announces tbe inauguration of a general collection in England similar to that in Ireland, and states that a pastoral from Cardinal Wiseman (whose health a improving; a about to be is sued in aid of die movement.The UnitedServiceQmutte says that Prince Alfred is beingbroughtupintheserviceprecaeiythesameasitpected b y Fire Marshal Baker, who has tbe matter under investigation.FIRE I> CROSBY SIKXTT—Between nice and ten o'clockast right a fire bruke ouj^jn the kitchen of the femaleboarding tocse No 1 Crosby street, kept by B Porterand owned by Br. Urner. Thefiremensoon extinguahed the fire The damage will amount to about $25 insured. The ure was caused, 1: a said, by tbe 000k, Mrs aaylon, leaving a lighted candle upor a taole while absent from die house.FIRE AT PIKR NO. 12 EAST RIVXB—Tbe alarm of firefortheSeventhdistrictyesterday afternoon,aboutfourturn cargo of oil and none for New Bedford.Letters from Hiio state that tbe volcano at Kikmos wasin great activity.King Kamehameha had returned to Hoaotuiu fromTahaima, wnere he had bees on a visit to Mr. Netaoa, bto sccreury, whom he shot some time stooa to a at of jealousy.Waeningtoc'e birthday waa generally eewssatod at H.noniiu Trade there bad been very dan tor months.Interesting Emcvstre on Japan. CHRISTIANITY U> JAPAN-WHALING—VOLCAXOB— M1.SEKALH—MPBBCTTTIONS- JAP ANUB CAVALBT—II. Berryer then wound up a splendid peroration in favor of liberty, which called down a burst ot* applause,Tha gave rise to a little scene.not yet received an answer. mire's loss in harness, wagons, &c , will be about $300M. Berryer (with a look of great astonishment)—I am at a has to understoad the Court! I am utterly uncon- scious of having used one word—of having in die slight- est degree given occasion to the Court to exercise a de- gree of patience greater than that which every advocate has a right to cairn at its handsThe President—1 allude to what you aaid about liberty. You seemed to think that liberty did not exist at present; whereas no government has ever been so much to favor of liberty a s the present government.wald, amidst die loud applause of tbe Assembly and of an incendary. home boys In the neighborhood are sus- ruary from Boston, and bad already engaged a re-FromistnantoTangier(saysdiePansDibatt) diedis- tance, aa a bird would try, a scarcely forty-five kiiome- trea(five-eightbaofamileeach),ornot longerthanthathe were die von of a private gentleman. 'He- meseds o clock, was caused by a fire being dacovered in thewithdiemidshipmen,keeps hisregularwatch,dinesoccasionally in toe wardroom, ana takes his turn to din<- cook's galley oc board o* the brig Hopkins, Capt Murray.THi.fcMPFKOKK—WOMEN'-ESPIONAGE.1TC,ITC. [From the London Staniard, March 16 ]On Thurscsy evecicg Dr. Macgowan, aa American gen-just preesta from the rosy and jotty g^ jj^ja- Ktm m derheheebeanauthonjeatoauako. No doubt the Oss one of the principal chams running 1rom the coast, cross die age. most mischievous m its consequences, particu semble for military dnprcvemect and drill at the newgoodhamee,be may loo* spun aurtyr*, pr!e**ji andisasesa w*fc oampNcency ; ;f sow a«.miu*, ue wrna toRasKbraadt'e »Abraham aAdJsaaa,'- or the- Rjiornof ute-rodJgalSoi., ofienenhs Worsaftop" (tow theesft The acceptance of the vow ia the Romans* brings andluxsnaai Uahas aohoni woaa hut tu ca«im«an*ieH Victor Emanuel at once face to face with the Pope;arly when carried to.excess, is prohibited as tar aa Prince Alfred a concerned, aad upon one occasion, we brieve, his royal highness had h a leave stopped for a fortnightState Arsenal, corner of Thirty fifth street and Seventhavenue, on Tc.cii.ay evening. April 10, at eigkt ociocu.Tha regiment, composed principei>y of our Irah adopt.-1citixens, have within a few years made lapid and sure ad-vancement in the.r uiscipline, bes.ccs introducing new a. rcunt of Lore Elgin's maaxa «vC*ina 1trai ltaiass, is their iiagsrnom to escape iron Rome and Auatra, thins little sow of the Savoyards; but ose day they may hoid oinerent sentiments.them and then advance on Tangter by a slope ehichoverIcoks d a great central plain ot die Moorah Tell. The townof Tangier, contain*g a population of about 10,000, nseslike an amprtiteetre on the eastern slope of a bill which ter for being detected in die act of 'blowing a cloud.' " annates on the west by the bay. Its picturesque position,the erat*. taw fam«,U* beam, tee slssas tooZLas ess' and the light to which the Papal Court regards die reflection of ito whitoael wa Is, die houses with their terraces, die minarets of the mosques surmounted by theFossil elephants, tne remains of which are ,'ooad abun- features is regard to their uniform dress, in order to keep great many other speeanans <*^J**"** dantly to the upper tertiary strata of England, formed the exiJbiUc. and tbe i « f « « « T " £""*< * 'vat^ Lady, your giass. Ottj wfc4l a pwta^ „ , £ m die proceeding? of the Bomagna a admirably shown in crescent, the line of ramparts around it, and subject of a lecture lately delivered m London by Pro pace with tbe erprii. du corps now manifest mthe volunteer •o the auuience by a ?**, «*»£r e " TM'* , efmatebaenreoorcer.Heavaaa:wnatanarttu-live diedespatchlofCardtoalAatoaalli,whtoh-weplaced which arecommanded by dieCssieech paced feasorOwen.Thefossilelephants,ormastodons,found troopsofthiscity. ColonelCorcoranistheyoungest ;triiA-SienSax*,aooofaBnaDdani».andhto1 baadredyears—aadyataheeeeoasu>breatnalVeataeabeforeourreaderslastFialay.PapalauthorityintneonUtecurmmatingpoint—allthesefeaturesre-mEngandareprincipallyoatiaguahedfromdiehvtngoior-!intheFirstDivaion,anaccomplishedsoldierand^.•a««as^astrrealrem,aonedaomethtogtottwIturned a a d lerwaed <&, m ^ t Bomagna d a s hard. A whole pet revu'Miionsiy Racoon. Want of> our ayes to ach.ng, anud that gmre of itauMa' a, aaat ofa torearn army—bee atone prevented the Pope ". Dasob ana rrencn ectwoM the t'A itomoverrunning she Bsssaaaa,reduciag it t o "afnrlltaa,datvaaorRwaa.d^iue.a«na- aa..i.a^..iu-_Bg"rwarna.' Tms"agita ,FrasSiaeiaBiine,ax.,ax. LotoanowUokA;u*. 01ATloneus*tottersfcosldbesbollofi<ctool, aitd see a thers m any poetry so &ea-,, out after tne conduct of the priests to thevvm .;•;:«. kVsssn Bmwj mauSiaaad pamura at taa shocld imagine that the Pope weald Uuak twice 1" Isasrensss of r>»mneOn ha« atfcattrossd its «%y h.»re, aauet a itocaawat wtoch cam only be rogarJsadanssjauponthewaflsof theHermitage,-4a.*_t.-c terof leais LUaniieaarai protest, la anyoaaethe1aX the antondor asd art or «gea. It ata aaruman King has thrown down the gauntlet, and tt adisciplinarianirreex of tbe lectureI* Macgowan bavmg been introduced to ttwnor,thatM.Cavourtosatsonsendingtroopstotakepos session of die Romagna, that toe Emperor has consented, onconditionthatdieKingshallgovernmtoenameoftoe•r**'FTM"5PW5PT ""'"•' " llflJMIi*!*..' •.'*Pft«*f .^•^"MWIPP!' Jinigpi iJIWHg!He asks attention, too, to the fact thai on die hoe ofgovernment understand the feelings of their aubjeca, and ail the documents, all the proofs, and lodged informa-ion the proposed boulevard scarcely a single building has yet out interest, and wtth no sates worthy of note. Iill iocsespecially of the Hungarians. A warm lithographed ap- against the culprit. At tne very moment when Mbeen ereced that would be worth mure than toe trouble of pulling downtrcm Hong Kocg to January 14 favor the augar move- ment, and will give rise a further upwar Moneyieeasyoncollateral,butnopaper,unlesspeal to die patriotic feelings of toe German inhabitant of was negotiating the purchase of a cafe anc! coocm room art, almost brmlhiag from the never dying stone, and run Hungary baa lately been extensively circulated. The in die Champs Klys-es. and had already pan 20,000backfortwothousandyearstoCeaar'svtlia-'anthaaide Leer," there to recreate ourselves according to the terms of h a will.V you ure of paintings, statuary, bronxes, jaspers, mo-saics,Ac,tookatthewalls,thefloorsuponwhichyousoprofanely tread, the stately doors, the empanelled ceil-ings, the staceoa, the frescoes, the colnnu s a a d t h e e ntaoiaturen What works of art!—what gems of aremweture!NowseeminglyendlesscokmadesUesdofftomarblehalls where (airy grottoes are scooped ftom marble walls,aad bubbhng fountains lave the poasfwd stone; inlaidmarble, aaper ana precious stones form die floors, the with laughter mixed with indignation. Many of them tion of Umpire and Buccaneer, no large amount of moneyfretted oeihsgs of gold asd azure and'1 emerald, the over- have for centuries past become so identified with Hunga was invested on any animal, and the changes since the n New York. N o other busirecs o. importance * - *authoraB.Witt,whocallshimselfVonDoring,lately francsonaccount,hewasarrestedandbroughto-M'oreaentrusted with Ute editorship of the semi official Donau Commissary of Polios of the Madeleine. After an exami- of the New York Typographical Union was held tost choice, is dacounwd.the National Typographical Union, to meet at Nashville,Tennessee, on May 6, 1860. After various ballottings,ry that nothing but their name a German; others find it hat publahed price current were too immaterial to sug- transacted. The Society then adjourned.rather bold of M. Witt to advocate a theory according to gest elaborate comment. Forager's opening price for tbe LvcExtLtKY F a s IN EAST TwaaTY-ssooarD STBSBT— ABThe rates of passage to New York b y the atoaaaer ra, which aads to morrow, are—firstcabin, $140; age, $90. These rates, tt a understood, w j ) b eStates, owee still bto allegiance to Scotland, and accord-Wehavewanderedaskmgastimewill permit,torOa inglyto Queen Victoria, batwhich actuallymakesdie Theottarhandicapeventsrequirenoremark. ThemostFTLIV FiniaG THUPBBBTSKS—NARBOWESCAPIOF THS TI« aresidentofCaliforniaatoce1846,dadathamandate of tha early old god % memorable, and if w e would visit the tombs aad oaSarnanha, where not oniy the gods s a d goddesses a r e deposited ia marole. s a t where are also gathered of igyptan, Etruscan, Roman. Greek and Scythian antiquities a precious store, w e mustEmperor Francis Joseph of Lorraine a Frenchman,interesting transaction was the bet ot 26 to 1, Mid to a good anna, agataat Buccaneer's winning the Two Thousand and Umpire die Derby, die owner of the American colttakingUtebet Mr.Ten Broeck also betted 3 to 1 against Buccaneer "out right" for the Two Thousand; heHASTH rscia SrrFociiios.—Shortly belore four o'clock on Saturday morning a fire waa dooovered in the grocery store of Tuiiy McDonald, No. 110 East Twenty second street The flames spread rapidly, aad before Ute fire was extinguished the eptire contents of the store wereNapa oc the 24tb meant, aged sixty -tare* yeA brisk emigration has comnoenjed from ail parte of toeState for d a Washoe mines. The correspoo tana of all toe leading California papers tell about the same story con cernmg those mines—that the country bordersag an ttw Sierra Nevada Mountains, o t tbe eastern s u e . a a vast re- gion of minerals. and wonderfully rich in silver aad goad,V 1 w e n lifted with descriptive powers, I would describete you "the Hermitage —whicn. by Ue-oye, ia anytiling proceed more rapidly. In oss of the marble rooms a a crowds to the Palais de Justice on Wednesday, March 14, likewae accepted £16 from a gentleman who wished tent what its name would import. The Hermitage la at- vaae cut from a tangle block of aaarble, standing about to witness the proceedings to the double action brought to have the call sf 000 to 1(0 about a BuccaneerTrial of a Frencit Bishop.The unusual spectacle of a bishop trad for libel drewT-msssau. 8, Msrch 19, 1860. The length of our tat of quotations snows only the range, and not the importance of the betting. With the excep-Messrs. Thomas J. Walsh, of the DaQy Times office, and detiry M. Failing, ol the uaxly New* office, were selected A resolution w a s passed, instructing t h e delegates to invite tne National Ccnvenuon to hold their next sees-mcent. TheAbout 4i0 passengers will g o b y tile Sonora. export of wheat continues; 10,000 sacks a r e o a pforCalbto, and 12,000 more have bees pur-for A urtra.ia, a i t h e rate of about two cento per W. Boggs, formerly Governor ofeight feet high, aad asssnrmg, I should judge, about tor against M Dupanloup, Bishop of Orleans, by tbe editors for Ute Derby after die race for the Two Thousand. destroyed. The tenants on the upper part of the build- although a large number of our people continue U doubtofthepresshadpassed away. Butyetheshouldhavehardly expected to had libera! journaiats so tor forget-tingthatitaad existed astobring anactiontoprotectthemselves against being roughly handled in aigument. Holy See; and that to tha proposition the Emperor has valued at about $2C0, were burned to death. Mr Hod tad gone to tbti Eraser nver minesmind die spectators of Algiers, sad dm re-semblance within the aty was more oomplete before dieFrench bad widened die streets aad removed many of thehousestothecapitalofAlgeria. Thebay,whichatobeseentothenorth,aformedbytwohighandrockypoints,between which ruse a one sandy beach, intersected bytwo small rtvTdets. The water ia deep enough to allowhuge veaeeta to some suatoteatly near to bombard tne tnsk to the lower jaw. The nrst tasks of the young aai- FOCBD DRowjrsD.—rbe body of an unknown anao, ap the eoentry aa mlBStosartos abatteriesoatbecoast,sad atthefirmrumorofwarthey were armed quite to the European manner Regular troops,andcoettngeata furnahed bytheneiguboring tribes,watttimjwurformakinga^vigorousdefence;but,' althoughtberesistance maybetoratimedesperate, at duration arid probably not be long, parasotorly whenwe call to mind d a bsmbsrdassBt of 1844. Whoa attacked by the Prtocs se Jotovule at a distance of 600yards, the artillery of the pace was atteaoed in two hours. Spain, however, who wakes to carry the town by main force, aad aat coaflse beretif to a ee«ere dtmosearmtoa, ought to tafr* into account same atsaoaa of autory, which in form as that two adngs sf Portugal, Edward 1., in 1437.V.,»1465,foiledintheirstwmatsagainst 1 ooneequence of having assailed it with issuf-entfwoe ItatreethattheimpiovemeBtestooamade n "firearms have assaiaad the naaancal proporoooefurmalareabed,liketoemilkteethin front,anddasubse-quent ones are prraisssd by a gradual formation of the substanceoftoeivorywhich,frombeingpulpy,hardensssitgrows, lforessorOwenmentioneddieci-cnmstance ofanironbullethavingbeenfouncembeddedtothe cen averuatofdeatntromarowntesj ire ot an elephant s tuek without any indication how itgovernmentbeingextresnery jeatoes aadill1111sans*Ifct regard to toeh persossaws; k temptsofministersbarshejsjtiy seems lata likely asyettoaeekeatyprosremto Japan. Theleeuarer thenhrlfrom Cbma te, tke entire 1wgproawbttoistil ately,Nsw Yoax HatuLD ]tarns,heretofore ina«f a<m professional— tn driveninto •' mas sachtoctti besaoraed.and ofexpeBad practice between meat as baasad Liverpool Here te Sarawak ce-euJtrvaters•-arihsjoates 1rbe akakwaato dsfferestweraor feeapeatos by their dentition, particularly by tne diflerence m dab- tusks. The mastodon had two tunas in die lower aw as well as in tbe upper, the teeth were smaller and morenumerous,andtherewasamarkedditlerencetoTHAT EVSBXASTISG BILL,—We are requested to state that the steel bell, at present on exhibition in Uie Park, a not aBochumarticle,butwasmanufactareainSheffield.which, by the fedTtty proposed to be,ttat r* "ofw~todjsterb.citK-ehousekeeper,earnedawaybyhislove,didnotNewYorkhavestartedaprojectfortbeerectionofa dieEmpcrcrofJapaa,atacostof$70,000.ShetoBeatf»» » « t k e y vans suspended to the exerandfromOatperiodtheirgoverningpowerswerete the daughter of his bookkeeper. Knowing that±"*3»*abeyance.o,1? ^ " t c o n c c r d " toJJowed It was felt, bowevc..irar u> make the demand, fia wish was grantedP. had anctatr daughter and a son-in-law in New York, he proposed Bat the marrace should take pace'in that city,whereheintendedtoopenanothercaf,. Tbefamilymonument to the memory of ttwir temperance apostle in here by Uw Emperor to announce that ttw Taia.lian e m -dieCentralPark. Themonument a tobeofbronzeor bassy would leave Kanagawa by tbe UnitedHenow-laenchesocaseafullofdangers. Heaeltehis cofe e house without the knowledge of his matress, f)marble, but which material has not yet been agreedfoundbeneaththeminesof Yeses,*f£*1tJ*"•***•4«bwvenaionofHaynmowhomhestdnet,ofcourse,intimatebtoloveforupon.AballforthepurposeofrawingfundstoassiststeamerPowhatanonthe11thofFebruary,viatheIjust est of the briny nanjustbequeathed to the cituens of Bams, to which to * tbemselvei after theirdailytoil,asd wtochBarkAnte ay need so artfully m h a speech to arense the paaskma ofin carrying out this design is to take place at the City Areembry Rooms, en Monday evening next, as will be seenbyanoticeinouradvertisingcolumnswtehislandsandSanFraacttoo. TbeobjecteftheEm peror in sending a vessel to announce ths coming of the Ambassadorsa tosaackeatinthaimanner bishighesti- mation of tbe American government No ether armedest break est ssww. Accerdiagry, in 1866,a of Uw bask keener was induced to cross the ocean, and tiaweddtof took pace in New York.THS Naw ST. PATBJCK'S CaTHXDim —A correspondent,after alluding to Ute magnificent dimensions of the new veasel belonging to that nation has been 'permitted toesadtog mob, the Goth or Yandni, overturned the marbleasd atoasnst walks of Junes '<ea th a aideaad left t h a tody buried thereyears, I know sat: or perhaps some mouest countrv gen maiaed until the MS of September last. Then the decree ho heard the sharp crack of Ute billiard balls and die finj£hed, presenting, as it will, an edifice which will com tiemanmayhaveplanteds villaontheoldsiteofCePBMTXBS'COSVKSTJCW ETEXBD-'TSS—Aregular meetingevenirg,at their rooms, Bawery. The nuhn object of The shipment of treasure tomorrow will b e 1 toemeetingwas theelection oftwodelegates toattend $1,600,000.FAIK OF ST. BO.V;>ACE CBTKCH.—Talehave already announced, will open to morrow afternoonat Ruppert s Turtle Bay Hotel, m Forty fifth street, be- far opening a wagon road to the mines, $3,000 havtogtween First and deaind avenaes Tne proceeds are 10 bedevoted to the work of enlarging die church, wh:ch a in-sufficient for the accommodation jf tbe fas: increasm;.' qnartz had beea found. The river had been [congregauoii The object being of such a charitable andcareful examination has been made of all parts of tbe the iair, so that visiters will be rega.ee with a double The ship Princess Royal waa aeon to sail from Yaby Lcrti Shafteabury. opened b a daoaoras b f 1il»stayinJapanwailanitedtosixweeks;sag„ toeformofthetransverseridges ofenamel Numerous England,byNaylor,VickersAtCo.,of that place. « a wenttheieinnocfficalcapacityhekenensartaasaasaffossil bones of elephants have bean dacovered is die ap orded him ef studying the IspsiwSi ami per strata in America, but those sohxals had only 0. less than cne-third die wei^nt of Uie City Bah be|L arqctinted with their inner Ms, deawd togot there, aad said dto ball mutt have lodged to ttw pulpy part of d a tusk when toe animal was young, aad that the ivory having formed round tt, In d a progress of growth tbe ball had been pushed from the rest ef tbe task to its centre.<tk. Rasaarses a t Borneo.asd'change Thsobject a a, aSter at, as esa bey doM m ia« society S rooeas, tbereey going to. waiting at, aad returning fromofltett of members ofaseaccaty; tbea ease of absence or engagement of tbe upon; end die teterrusaione by such esSs m withclwnts, and other curren t business oftorouaB apwarda a a million acres. tioW dust a to be Joundbeneathelltoedrynvercoursesalongthededm-tttoegakssawswams and hills. Irsn a abundant all over Tberearediamondmines,nowaftunworked—copperage boa seas dacovered, wtuch would ytokl TO per cent,aad dare are even peon oyster banks The agriculturalrescurets of the country are great like• as Poddy yaaktatwo hundred fold. Borneo oatdd b e made tote a rtee »S they lequire • trowing country which would supply food for sfty mil- to fee ties!iaus of mouths. Indigo tartvoa Vaaettfully. W e have tM senate there tor higher sad more leaf than anytffsramUntitled Documentranee on i,Bpotato ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Such aasaaaaa woreven tide* a day. to Bengal. The forests could supply gotta percha tor ef BStare therarenUyaseaiartagmacwasyesterday morntegfoindcoatinginthedockat P ^ m.nbetaaninquestonthebody,ana *»»J"»/Si[From tie angosor. JTM»*«°TM££ FTBe country a rich—very ricn—to auaeral weaita ef M «tv all kutds;and requires merely an adequate oaattaifair,which wew^ ,*4 c ,Since the last overland mail the market baa been witii-General Palmer was at the Dalles, making preperattoasfrom Sim'lkamen, where, tt waa aaid, rieb aurcfeThe Assessors reports make thewhitepopulationef Washington Territory about 70,000, and tbe taxable pro j*rty $3,COO,0COKIW8FBOMBRITISHCOLUMBIA.sters come near a t _oalyimpteytJtokarpssa batnets,hi—-^- ^" s o abwjteam are wbates aad ao aa- ._ofvillagersitemed ar* tiiey for their aaaB^aadIBnets sf sweets, tswmwaawh www.fultonhistory.com 