 a."'hopea law prohibiting, under the severest penalty,members of Congress from carrying any deadly A long letter was received from £x-President Vak At Buenos Ayres, for the better regulation of Om weapon upon the person during their attend- BuBia, sympathizing with the object of the meeting, country districts, tbe Goveraeaent has aboUdted the ance upon the sessions of the respective bodies and giving his views of the agitation at present dis- prefectures and commissaries, returning to tbe oU;:thesubjectspeaks.and the lawspassedInpursuance thereof,in Uost./section,aretrying to stand up noblyMany consequencemlnlag^canvs, of the mild weather, to rasuna opatarIi-j|Brk nnr-roSEc fbipat. jajt. is, isso.9UM MXW-TOKK_^ _ BslldlMri ft«"lmm DenveryMtarda^.'^•or Dinsir-SoMinB ft Unrart Fun-say that since the commencement of the pres- imate moral effect upon the can conimunityent century a million and a half of poor Eng- only be secured when it is sustained by theH AnBaai*Wiuutfwamu .**'taa Wak,"They mitteeofthreewasappointedto considerthepro-Mr. Ltob made astrong Soo^heis-riighte ipsenbffimes.the, ^nmVftdftr itaafaerr fer tniobbii' the WtC. i»Mtt proalaad aa nbamliiii yleH ofgeid.bestir itself eameetly in the pMfd iitnrk. Wesentence of tbe iawwas exeontedia Nevarlc,K.victsd oftiie murder of fads sister, Mrs. Tusson. His whole demeanw, and bis incoherent har-TSLlCSUlfl.i«n•>r^s,5Ss'<'^<«sr'r-^=-»nV4^;-.' k^-^T>^-.^iS^3MB.g!'yJ;,'L!3iyW?Sf:-HoefaJMiSlpMMwaa^Mtki*pM$kaMfof aeiiseandstatesmaaahipoftlMSoothabouldSttriiiox juutxiKos.m 1^1«as, what^wiU the yeovla at fivns t*y to IOof.BMAis- came by.the Jtzpnas-Ckt, en route for WaaUngtoo, bearing a petitioncomprehenalTedaama-J., nponMAima.oon-nnuAr of fab rister, Mrs. Tobbott, at Newark,Bew-Janey. on the S8th of May last, by shooting may spur theae powers of good into action.hardly a doubt in the mind of any one, of hispresided. ,^ ; ^« .,^equaled.manifesto, Senator Dodolasquestionsanity having been raised,showGen. Jacxsos did atFortunately, the train was going slowly at the time, and none of the passengers were letioosly injured.A resolution waS adopted by tbe Board of Alder-escape committed the mnrder for which he yesterday paid themen, last evening,Ordinances to deliberate with regard to the pro- priety of ^tpointing competent engineers to in- nect steam-boilers, that accidenU arising fromlonglist of Tlee-Freal-IMilK'ItnMBB—Himunto0»w-To theirnsemaybehereafterprevented. TheSpecialrupting the Judgeries. 'Ur. Labbiso, on taking tbe chair, mads brief rs-of the OHdestM .Cwvevtiaa. wbaBsocvar hs -mmr bs, tbe4sis|«tssis that body froB tbia State BraiB>J-|JnnrwilMr,OiiilW Jti'Mi Oniim 18S0, making their total amount, forthe indicated mentalof hisdlfectingtbe Cocassittee onCommittee to revise the rules qipointed— factduringdelivery unsoiudnesa.of the rtV TMtTBE Tuffn Dun, OS Board reported in favor of aa aUaration which will pemut of the passage by this Board of " acts"atraeted taeastlktir votes as s«att for Mr.and Southern and " reaolaiions'' sent to it by the Board of Ooun- abut six or seven hundred at a time in aBsenM; and to nse all banawMeisisn te secws Ma niiMfcicomparison IKBTICTfi. BrooUra-^&iTtoa'i (191,000 to the estimate of expenditures for with equal success. Negro slaves are neverMr. Hsmoicxs e^resaed Us thsak* la aMlXia.TAinmorr'iDsa- iSOJLDWAT-MOBii orfrenzy yesterday,><» DoBAJiretar>ad,eaMi^ It^Cf^mmon die Tax Levy reported in fitvor of adding mightapplauseand allowed to enlist in the Tax Fanomsoa county purposes, |T,I6d,123 36. The reportorarmy navy,and ex-shadow of doubt upon the question of his sani-leasestill otherwisedirecting the Counsel to the Corporation to pre- pare a draft of a memorial to the Legislature, ask-Mr.Mat straskby the highest ju^life aa hieing greater than was stated yesterday. dicial tribunal of the land, are aerious offences divers other ills that flesh is heir to." WhentheoffendingCongress.The inveatisation by- the Coroner has been com-TomrM, and the evidence taken tended to throw against the Federal rights of the South they ;one reflects, however, that it is by suchthings as these that life is embittered, for the elsewhere a communication relative to thetke baioeD ofblame on the contractor who built have the proclaimedfraternal regard of thethe mflls. Hany graphic accounts of the calamity, masses of the Norfti for their Southern^riven those who and inci- by escaped, thrillingfellow- citaens. Surelythen,theyoughttostrengthenJan. IS. arrived here this after- Reaolvei, That the ConsUtution of the United States noon in seven days from Denver City, bringing toar^e"nta recorded by eye-witnesses of the sad scenes Tuesday night, will be found elsewhere.LxAvxinroaTB,T., Thursday,.mind of tiiat section has beenclearlyentitleda ofthe handsThe text of the treaty by which Buenos Ayres is riotic and conservative men of the Southnegroand does not even now for com- pineto survey the publiclands in theStatereadmitted to the Argentine Confederation haswho, intheall-pervadingexcitementandalarmof South,is the greatest national compact and fundamentallaw, on which tbe Union is founded, by which it isupheld.Resolved, That obedience to its sacred provisionspassengers and ^2,000 in gold.Business was rather dull at Denver City.beenrecerred. AConventionistomeettopro-pulsory employmentinthe culture of cotton ?vide fat the Wants of Buenos and political Ayres,nntil these reforms are decided she will maintain diplnmaticrelationswithnopowerwhatever. AU tM pnvioaa difficulties between her and the Qon-their ownfor the preservation of the Federal Union, andto rebuke the madThat these meetings should not prove en-minerswere to the returningare to beinhaUtaitta is to suffer confiscation or be molestedand no one oftaagwwMfar bis paat polltieal action. All the tirely satisfactoryied^^snforgoiJen,herand thewhichby works or acts violative of ttie Constitution and laws so passed and'expounded, and of the rights of States or Individuals thereby estab-wBtbe cMfces winchvalid,e^c« BnenosAyres are to be reappointed to hejheld before she left the Con-pected,and thatthelished, are palpably absurd, false andtkehad been subjected to tests wbidi proved tt tot—-— ^Ji^<iP<*t** toOMtaMM-areivnamMivea to Oe Q^mlis, in their cars,rights but ofand tliat Pzsquiera, Governor of Sonora, hasResolved, That the rights property slaves,great—Constitution and these laws to our--proceed.oncebeen byhis opposition to the survey, an^ permit Capt to receive equal protection with any other constitu-for a Provisional Government for Resolved,ThattherecentInvasionbyJoaifBaowx Territory.a series of terse andvigorousresolutions werealtogether " " second thought even of these indignant and person is admitted to stand up and hang on by addicted to the use of carnal weapons mayleave to withdraw from the contest.The Committee on Credentials reported favorablyto the Douglas claimants from Lawrence County,inflicted such bijurieswitha"bUly'*thatU ls>aie< theywillprovefatal. Theaffraytookjdtoe'InCbB college chapel, in the dark, where Hiuos was aatr"—KllntSs case, but it Is not unlikely for and that four of his that as it to be, a few in order ta dispoee of othsr Indiana was largely Dodolas,of tbe John Brown Provisional 6aira»>toatdirected that Government to withdrawguaranteed by thisbrethren of the Southern States, are-,the Union Caiididate for the peacesecuritysociety-tobemade Eonors.uprotectanddefendtheConstitutionandthe Gov.passengerCity. to_^,acate the claims of Mr. BaxcKixsiooa. ?the bill free expellhigand his followers,Virginia,Harper'sof tke Gevemer atCbicaoo, Thursday, Jan. U.I\mmmA^}Vt Wawh of the Lsgiaiatnre,to as muchpnphesying peace —and faith. But we tilation as can be had w^hen all the seats a,~e;itaBal«o^^^ rt»flieIh>i«>,aadtUeirrreni0nfor-concern of Tobbs & whose those who were participants with them, either by en- to-day. The finances of the State arein relation to the collectionofindorsinghimself,_dOB of the Qoanntfee BuildingsRsAur,to do their duty, and raies row pending in the Court. It will b« remem- friends ought to be selected to go to Charleston, and ment, Uft that place on the, 4th WasUngtoo,1 a resMntkm providing for the codification Northcontinued for lao^-dw School Ijun. A petition asking forcompelledan Anti-Slavery North can loyally help to run, if need be, twice as many cars as at pres- dtctfoMbe fuU amount claimed.-*n»,00O-«»d It Isin aid of the andAlbany Susquehanna<the high standing and wealth ofraisinghichitshould bereferred. ItInteresting.men" 'properly tosendittotheCommitteeondo as much ?home that they are ready to be packed likeThe verdict 1» the largest ever given In the world siTili.r eulU On the pre^t trialpower, they oughtBlaOKTOW ar-btbr .''Zm^ h» Mr.-gOTBKthe Territorial Legislature;n-iVnebssket Thecounaelonbothsides;brought upAnti-Slaveryupon companies,ought they for days,Preiidency^lwe give the pledges^fromnegroes Misaovi [to drown1b tiie popular Southern ear, for a time, minus the space occupied by the legs of hisfor in•re glad to notice as, instance, full, and no less, and to perfect freedom of in-fte colomns of the Washington Constitution gress and egress along the passage-way.whomrights, whenever, wherever, or howsoever made.gressaieaaneeThe annual message of Gov. Bavdall, consin, was delivered to the Legislature of tbitHtand the of the encourage spirits pat-to the when we considerspiritSeveral new and extensive quarts disooverias ba* been made, and large quantities were being tnkaa out ready for cruddng. A great detdsncy in pnfsc machinery is expoienced. Iran pyrites, wbieb «n^be ex- the extreme excite- ment, amoimting to a panic, into which thejiublicby ihe first overt conspiracy ever originated intional rightResolved, That while here, to-night, we renewedlyThe Salt Lake with dates to Dec S3, hss sis» Mail,of tbe I«|iaUtBi« tke North against the stability of its institu-Sroiis to proceed in the executionSonora will never allow the survey same to aid and assist inwhocents for a seat in a car thereby became enti- A^oontj^ Convention in Pennsylvania has in- ^ TEhe echo of the murderous shots fired at Har- tied not simply to a seat, bat to Ets much room^-7— prassnted the name of JosBand'ctied ita delegates to the State Convention to per's Ferry must be expectedUoBB and theof itsBiALcame ais tn route to Washington,from Denver with a memorialofrevolution.poundedSonth, mightthe knowledge grantof Jicker & Co. aaleast, the sound of the wisest voicest vis-a-vis,^of —indications yesterdayeign Jxckeb, Co., pe-that those to*last snniiig. The outer hall of the Capitol—the the South listens as its loyal friends, through rights of the stated passengers are entirely ig-Under thejLammlif &vins decUned to permit its chamber thick and tlun, are beginning to do justice to nored. The passage-way is crammed full, theirto b^-vaad for ue purpose—was crowded to Iteto KUWb'B unhappy design, was held at Albanypresent system the^cuniary existence.according to reliable advices, depends on the total destruction of Americaninterests and influence ttuougfaout the Republic of Mexico.|Heity,andmnltitod€is were necessarily BoL Qambxi Y. Lahsiso was selectedtoes aretrampledthe sentiments out 6f which the Union meet-the Republican view of llie various questions involvad inthatsuLicci. Hefavorsnocompromise; desonnoes the di."iunion sentiments which are allowed to be en- pressed in the halls of the NaUonal Legislstare as nn- patriotic, undignified and disgraceful, and deelara*on, their legs cramped up, and the air, on a stormy or cold day, rendered As soon as tbe oqnmization had temper of the Northern community which has so foul, that even half an hour's exposure to itings of the North have sprung, and to thatToLUATiON w A FiOHT.—^Thc Express,iNMAKAroMS, Thursday, Jan. 12.The Democratic Slate Couveniion reassembled tlist every attemptCitybeen completed, Mr. Etessr J. Batmoito waa made them not only possible in, bat really is most to health. Now, we main- tills City, regards it as an evidence of the real calledfor; andspokeatsomelengthuponthe iojoiiouBnecessity of assuring the South, ui its present representative of, our most distinetlvely Anti- tain that when all the scats in a car are filled, toleration o( Anti-Slavery opinion and speechat 9 o'clock this morning.The Jackson County contestants, casting six votesOB the Douglas side, asked leave to withdraw from tbe contest, which was granted.four votesagitated state, of the substaattal conservatism ofSlaveryStates. Let the scena of these meet-the Company hascontracled with one of at the South that Cassus M. Clay was allowed everyAbout 2 o'clock this morning, Wx. H. TtmMEB, son of R. B. Foiass, a student at Harvard CnBeget on tiie AdministratioQ aide, also a^ed and obtained assaulted a private vratehman, named IIm/w, h*nottiiem sentiment, and of Northernto interfere with their peculiar institution where ings passengersKoatanteed by law. Ex-Gov. Skyhoub followed em populations, and it can hardly be that they tion, space, light, air and facility for egress fort, Ky., on Tuesday. Perhaps the well- Mr. Batvoiid in a speech of great eloquence ; and shall fall of reaching the sober wliich he then enjoys, and that, when a single known fact that this gentleman is somewhattrustthattheextremelytion dealt out by the disunionlst Senator from Georgia, in his speech of the other day, uponPatucxin Bvor of a teiritoiial organization.Paxbiok Maitsb, who was convicted of the every national measure, principle and man, angue at the scene of execution, eonkl leave SPSKCHZS OF Ifin the When Mr. IvhsohberwithapiatoLwasexecutedyesterday contrivedtoconfoundinone insanity. Hehadpreviouslybeenconvictedfairness -frfilirare perhaps made in good MA, bit VMnEssexCountyjail,atNewark. TheprisonermadeJust after the Croton Falls trsin on the HariemBailroad had left PleasantviUe yesterday morning,the two passenger cars attached were thrown from zy on this subject to its culminating point- insane. Wfaereopon he was sent to the Luna- tbe track down an embankment fiiieen feet high.jDutsideissues. Thereportoftiw^-»»j>i**a tbe which, forI^eadLupoa gallows,nesa, InConerency and blasphemy,hasand was sentenced to the State Prison but attended t>y fully 'four thousand persoas, vrhUe sn un- by tbe vote of tbe ConventisB, U the ;ever beenby about three hundred persons.the masculine of Territorial policytbebe wasof hisexamined by a Medical Board, by thetold nnmber were excluded from the' great outer ball of tbe Capitol by inability te obtain sdnriWaare. Tha ball was packed as closely as men could itand—the speakers occupying tbe isndiog at tbe top of the stainpHMltainstge was right. He waatsd a» Dooglas aaa la,reckless- scarcely The execution was witnessedanathema,Platform of the Dem-final, but snbject to confitSBtlOQ'ertheCincinnatiocratic Party and Mr. Siwabd's Boohesterof an assault and TheUnionmeetlDgst theCqiitolto-night was- notbe battery with attempt to kUl,and the invasion of Jobk Bbowk, be certainly brought the Southern fren-pluck hers. If we are Us friends let i ';From this we trust the ticHe and,to make hisleadhigiiarangne, beenabledtomarkthecountry may ofthattideof inAsylum.managedrecedingfolly, fear and fanaticism wliich tias menacedTonusn, Ex-Mayor of the city, who nnmlnsted Hon. GAsaxT T. LAsa^a as President.addressed tbs Cgnvsntloo, his roaarksbslav m-D8 all so seriouslr of late.penalty of his life.absence of any apparent provocation to the deed, and his subsequent deportnu-nt at the trial—refusing the aid of counsel, and inter-oonelasian, beaartteiiomlaatioaTteiusA.HnmBMXsforOora9K.ts |» voted far. at ths pn^er Urns.The AboUUoaThe Herald points to the contrast which theat lu Task. catastrophe at Lawrence suggests, between theBmatsof the United States 3resteida3r an more than from the regular traae, continued active. have been slain in action, including his death to witchcraft, and with insane im- debate tcxA place on Mr. PtroH's resola- Stocks were again pressed on sale early in the negroes^ h Messrs. PpOH, I)oiroi,A8, Datis, day, but closed firmer in the afternoon. The For- those who were slain at Harper's Ferry. precations of vengeance upon his lips, no feel-MoBTgoKsar, Ala., Thnrsdsjy, JaB.lS, Convention progresses dowlym their 1Ci^T participated. Mr. DoDOiiAS de- eign Exchanges also came to a pause, under the Their toasters carefully prevent them fromings but those of pity and horror are excited.The Committee on the delegatkm foml the anti-Slavery agitation of the North. It bad been ery County reported to favor of the Tancey '__ cansiatency of bis course. He charged belief that a further reduction at the South is themselves to„tlMt cAms bad changed their views, and said thatte nioW BOt a nomination at Charleston, acceptsomewhat improbable. Flour attracted moreCoKGMssiOKAL DxcoBTm.disgraceful scenrs, which are a reproach te the country and to the civilization of the age, oc-reportbe«i sustslasd by.a mit'ntbe Vaiioos gentlemen 8|MueT.are crushed and mutilated inexplainedadoflM. Hr. Hareib asked a question of Mr. many of the cities and large towns north offortunatescontains hundreds of such examples every year. The negro slave, on the contrary, rarelyNoalittlebadbloodwereoccasionallyletofffrom dutyofthegreaterStatesiorespectthesovereignty¥l**»i which elicited from Mr. Clabe, of New- "U8ITED 8TATX8 8XSAT0B8HIP Or OBIO. CoLDiaDa, Thunder, Jaa. U.Mason and Dixon's line, and though we cer- Mi.Haskujmadesomeremarks,amid tainlyCannot^jproveofalltheviewswhichthe nose;Tflrit, the words, It is none of my colleague'sspeech was an eloquent and able plea for Staterights and the privilege of each Independent soverelgI^ ty to regulate and control Its own aflTairs. He con- cluded with aiTeamest appeal to the North, and es~ pecially to the State of New-Tork to set the seal ofby reprobationuponthepresentbanefulagitationthatThenoaiinatioB of a United States Senator nn Fab. 1.Still I<Bter freim the Klrev Piste. rsoasiss or ArrAtas nt Btrssos atsb.Balukobx,ThnisdsT,Jan.1%. The bark John C. Browtu has arrived here wllkMontevedeo dates of Nov. 24.The British merchants and residents of Bueaassystem of De Paxe.It was understood that most of tbe appointmsnti byUaacizA would be recognized and eenfirmed.af Older. Soon the members on aU sidestravels by train.under the tutelage of those who know thepeaceable and unoffending member of thehave been advanced under cover of such and nain aisle. The Sergeant-at-arms was gatherings, nor of the spirit in which some of—— of locomo- House if there are any of this character oron dteir feet, and many rushed to the area.attention, partlyfromship-pale humanityTinlnM Wi I platnmn acceptable to him. He pers, and firmer prices were obtained for low of condemning them to pass their days inKAV fti^uiied of Mr. HouSTOS whether, in his re-' IBiitli >f the preceding day, he intended any per- MliallttMiao by stigmatizing the possible electionChristianity. .He traced the course ofpolitical agi-ofserting tbe right of Slavery in the*grades.was dearer. The demand was moderate. Cotton was inactive, as were likewise Metals, OQs, Bice, Spices, Teas, Seeds, Hemp, Hops and Lime. Cof-to their confine learning destroy fellow-beings,tatton,South,herealler to attacks made onWheat was also morebtai. Ja the House of Bepresentatives, Mr. SozB- however, easier rates. Com was less plenty, and (hem to thenply fa&j waoHsought after, at,both at the North andand and severelyTenttoiles, aai ofAnother enormous advantage which the -MdrftfiMk'' Mr. Hoc8Ton at once disclaimed its Turpentine were in request. Whisky was more slave possesses over the poor white is his im-At the close, three hearty cheers were given for thespeaker.Gov. Sxnoui was then called forward, and was re-ceivedwiththreecheers. Hereviewedtheposition which the State of New-York had always occupied In relation to the Union, and the stake it had In'cHbtfltamcAVaa a "burmng, withering curse fee, Provisions, Resin and Sugars, Molasses, Spir-ventlon.^ The report and reselntlons were iiiiwied IdinjifiWirnT^persoaal- active.munityfrom that too common cause of suffer-mumltawa. PnLAsmau, Tbnndi^, Jsa. U.W. ef Hi.rmxus,—railieodaccidents. Northern ingthe whole House was in a tumult. perfectaUnde to Mr. Shebmah'The freight engagements were limited.the aisles, the utmost confusionPlatforms.that w. ClAMX.'a Anti'Helper resolution be re- amed oat of the way, and that the ITni— adopt the sobetitute adopted by the Coaaiidttee of Democrats, Americans and Antir Laeoo^tooitea at the meeting held Sunday, in iHdea thej declared tliat no man, who recom- tmacHftiifVt atiU inaiats en and does not disclaim HnaaSi doctrines, and who is not opposed to farther agitation of the Slavery question, is fit to theMaryland, proposedITnlonA Union meeting waa held in Albany lastoperatives,wasandthe Sergeant-at-ArmsHeetlnK**evening, and another expression of the conser-brethren that we neither desire their homilia-driven to and fro in search oforlabor, impelledpistoldrawn,tionintheUnion,norplottheirruinoutofit.dlcanaUnces under which this substitute was These meetings have now been held in very the most horrible manner. Our columns reprobated.Congressseverelywhich beset this,tion, restrain liis migratory ardor, and teach him to find in the limits of his owner's planta-subservient to party ends, and used for theadvancement of {>ersonal interests, yet, uponthe whole, it cannot be questioned that theirinfluence.has been salutary at the North, andaid (hat was making garae of the House. Mr. deserves to be so at the South. They have Among other dangers and iniseiics by whichealM on. Hethough in somedangersspeciessome person in the galleries,accident, to the regret of the country.with his mace, de- their orators have spokenmaiajjiit peace. Tlia Clerk kept on rap- cases they have, doubtless, been madeto Older, lbs utmost possible excite-mightbe shotappeared;fiagmeat'^ersiled. Subsequently, Mr. CumssB uaid thatlwsawMr. Haskih take a pistol out of his— House should ever be organized.Uiaaat ICr. Datidson,when b^again came to the House he would bring Uaabot-gnnwithhim. Mr.Harris,ofMaryland,^vejocularly, gaveRepresentative will submitnotice thatUiat someAyres had addressed a ctmgratulatory letter to the President of the Republic, and also to Ubodsza. Qea. LoPAz was also the recipient of public gratulattoB.Himrnr subsequently explained how the pistolhappened to fail from his breast. Every one whokneWUm, knew he would not use it except in anfaoDOiable way. Mr. Clask, of Xew-York, apol-ogixed for the harsh remarks, and the House ad- eral instinctive disavowal of Northern jOQioed in good order and humor.white men of one class or other are consf antlybeset, and from which the condition of negroslaves them, are accidents from tbo exemptscareless use of fire-arms in hunting, ductsto nullify the action of the law for the rendi- added tothe sad list already published. As yet tion of Aigitives from service, which has beenthere aeema te be no reasoa to estimate the^ss of constitutional pronouncedThe least punishment for the offence mentioned, should be the expulsion ofattendedcrowded with ladies, and the hall below was filledwith men of all parties. The meeting was presidedover by Hon. J. W. Hatbawat and one hundred Vice-Presidents. Speeches were made by Hon. Geo.Evass,of of which Portland, and|CHAai.x8 Jasvis, Ellsworth,were enthusiafitically received. Letters wrere read from Ex-President Puacx, Ei-Goveraor Wills, Hon. EslTAas EvxxXTT, Hon. Calxb Ccshibs, Hon. M. H. SuTB, and Ex-Senator BaASscar. The following res-:Arrived,barksCheshire, {coat Boston, sadnaiBM, where identification was possible, wereroused Northern men intothinking seriouslythe and duties of the upon dangerspresent crisis ; they have opened a way for the gen-sympa-thy with ail plans of intrusive Anti-Slavery in banlmiptcy,At Lawrence, yesterday, a gang of one hundredaansreieworking systematically removing themiiia of the Pemberton Mills. The bodies of sev- led the commimity to feel that open attempts lege, death of favorite horses, inability to pay etal .of the victims were discovered, and thiirvasion by the Indians.Left barks Tidat Wave, for New-Tork, loading andthe States in which Slavery exists ; they havegoing under fire or exposing—^Another of the the fashion here of late years to denounce every Hon,OrgaaJobsC.FsumamoaoilDatadaBomheiofSsosta' Ifastwbileweplsdgeoaraivparttotbenoaba*condition of Northernslaves. Negro slaves at the South are never Theandatatime, Aldenaen and Councilmen from receiving any condition of the European whites is, in this he could not hope by it to avert hista AeFerryordered,anotherwhom stemdissolutiondestrucUve movements had their but in passion.make, vrtiereupon wtdchblowMr.feas^of Councilmen several were petitionsizationSmitb, and others, Tice-Presideats; sad Mr. Ta>-received, asking to have the fares on the City Railroads re- duced to 3 cents. were referred. A Com-He alluded to the .restriction of free speech soothof Mason and Dixon's line, aad declared that the ob-ject now vras Dot to prevent a dissolution of theUnion, but to restore the friendly and fraternal feel- M. Ya5cxt made a tremendous speech bsfete Ik*have fallen in battle, or been horribly mutilated and of the justice of Ws sentence. But when, ing that existed in the early days of the Republic. Committee, and said he believed tbe SootBan 4gMsljatjr:;»tM»T-4fa. Ml »r>»<w«r-FAun«'i priety of providing, by ordinance, for the exanuna- lishmen, Irishmen, Frenchmen, and Americans tun conviction of the guilt of the condemned'>»BWS OF THE DAT.by sabre, bullet and bayonet.Brokers, whole of that period, we do not believe twelve into eternity raving like a bedlamite, ascribing; 1mthe fromthe disquieting, though inquirygin the present^unhappy dlssenions that destroyed thespeechesCoaveailsa.tion of unsafe buildings.The state of affairs Moneywing would control the Convention. Mesas. TAaqg^yesterdaywas lessas in the case of Maudk, a person is launchedIn tbsoperativessentenceinarks on (he patriotic objects of the BSetlng.Mr. BAoran was called {orwsrd, aad vras leedvsd Uoo.80-Aoiuis.or 4U yh9*~fbuiJf6 Kai, Fa- npoB them, witlK>nt tbe onanimons consent of the rickety factory, by parsimonioas and reck- nal aad the commission of the crime WlKn order was restored, Mr. BATKoas sakl that be tbe Oharlestoa riiiiwiriii IT .llwilbgiBen A» Otuw in Pia- DBSATBK—eihneii.oitth»aBme day on which fiie latter actupadjudgedbycompetent tribs-wltb loud cheers, aod round after roosd of applause.TheCoBventloe sleeted thsMIratav-ditocMesle "membHaprebaat, which; by the old rules, is made less employers, but tenderly cared for, andimmediately after his escape from the Asylum, supposed the first business in order would be to re- Bdsxisz, J. B. Voust maiViataaat4mm^ TsenAS A. Rxnaioa was ishould,sofaraswecanjudge,haveinduced turnthankstotheLegislaturefortheuseofthisfine byacclamation,amidBocfaait»theIsiruoi—Fadst Oasit. Th« report was adopted. The Special Committeerequisitevalidityof all action them. uponso forth. Our Abolitionist cotemporaryanyof the thousand chances of war, and, insteadandtiieirhasMonroe, introduced a Rssotaitlaa ae-plantation. ~prospectper-and Ation thatpeaceablegates to Charleston were instructed to ImM oa IMl very and if tbe Charleston Convention fidls to iby a maudlin desire to visit their friends at adistance, are constanUy to be found in largeIt was some time before order could be sufficient-— ly restored to allow the businessita preservation. HeregardedtheUnionmovement eddelegatestotheState and CoBventhm,vative sentiment of the Norfb has beento convince, if convince it may, oar Southern cidents take and now occur wordyrather thePresidency.JOBS BILL BOMisAnn aottered, niunbers in railroad trains, and when ac-It is bis good fortune to liveto,which the restless white—reportedthe resolutionshappinesslaborer pursues in vain thrmigli the length ind breadth of the Continent.prospect is only io the dim and distant futurebusiness anxiety,political defeats, bad conduct of sons at col-The Gavemment had of a warningboard bills, the dunning of washerwomen, fear of a dissolution of the Union, forgetfulness of pocket-handkercliiefs in cold weather, andA Union meeting was held last night, at Noram- Seio in distress.Nov.P. Pendleton, from New-York for Buenos Ayres ; HVk, United States storeship Release.Arrived off the port, Nov. 22, brig £ro from New- Yotk, and was ordered to Rosano.—ArrAIBS IN TEE MI2n» LABOK TIILDS PBOICIBS9—LATZB rBOM SALT IiAKX. rBOM TBI QUABTZK.ExpreasCity RaUway Management.There is one feature in the case between theby theIs the test and condition of fidelity to tbe Union.railroadthe apologists of the latter entirely overlook,not of those who stand those who sit down in phinged them. The obvious inlentien of the law ingranting their charters, and fi.ung the rate ofion, accompaniedCitycompaniespublicadvicesstate that the Juarez Government ac-fare,waa thatevery personpaidfivein front for his legs as the width of the passage,is unfortunate that Americans have been veigledafforded;lightand ven-the fact of itsintemipSngour friendly inter-indisposition be thus fairly put before the South- the to secure hira the accomoda- to deliver an address to the citizens of Frank-The Hancock County contestants, castingadopted.A. very large Union demonstration at Bangor, agitated miUions, whom presses like the New- the strap, their contract is violated. It is the afford some explanationof hisimmunityfromand after explanations had been made by the claim- Me., on Wednesday evening, was addressed by York Herald are doing their best to sting Into duty of the Company to refuse to admit any- a coat of tar and feathers. Mr. Clay, on a ants on eaeh side, the Convention adopted the report.to watch, as several Bibles had beaa recentlyHon. Gieasx Evans and Mr. Charles Jabvis, ofBUaworth. The resolutions declare that property furyin Anes is constitutionally entitled to the same likea with a of imiversal panic, and Senators lH)dy else. Tlte willingness of those out- former occasion, h|ul desperate fightto organize into open revolu- side to accept the standing-room bas nothing nnmber of persons who assailed him whileanother bos for ministering a caution against a repetition of a guest already engagedcontest was comproml«ed-by allowing tbe delegations to cast two Douglas and twoployedstolen from there. Yoeng Possss was eosiaiWsd toH^encarryingconcealedIj^Mduced, one, by Kr.the South and the North can be brought to a mutual understanding, and to a virtual renewal of the Federal on the basis laid allmeansto thePresidentsofthesecorpora- bringndu«triou8 beesilns and perhaps rioh developments may id—iioogh uDdoubtwlly tbe Court wUl exclude por- tions of the testtmony. The Court-room was crowa«],a tax upon articles —.to protect gas con-tions to a sense of their obligationspab-to 'SSlSbltaaim repeal partbe satisfied with being de-while the other whole time, andprogress,during Oiepected«,tioB Coveauam-^- -- ^^m^niany of the miners to reconanenee wors. 'andNew-Yorkers willpendent on the good nature of corporations"--Board. T«r.recent trials andto make Southern men feel that the Southin short, the spaceit most be owned, has been which citizens are entitled in licensed pnbUc St. UmiM JMmaert, Jax.;ap-printedas weandken bhroad,evidence of over fifty witness resldli* In Brooklyn,Mr. Roxnraos's moUon was nority to confuse the majority.of themi-Senate Chamber, P. M. to-morrow,where theythe fatalThe Randolph CountyCambridge jail.Okie River MaTl«attea Wtmamtt*. Ptamsscie, Tbnrsdar, Jsat. it.Mr.^IviBSOH tion.votes.Jaus Gavis meved to raise aKaiaet&in as any other class of propertythat the Bangor people are ready to afford allmanner of aid to their Southeth brethren in main-«t*<^ thdr rights under the Ccaistitution, aa in- of the national feeling at the North. The to put up with half of a bed, the whole of affray may have had the salutary effect of ad-andtatpinnd 1>t the Supreme Court.tKtbi State Senate, a report in favor of amend-ato do with Uie question, any more than the making speechCommittee—to be Chair—to report the names of ElectorsTo this end, let ua have no deceitfnl versionswillingness of a new comer at a crowded hotel with their taste,pointed by theis f rising rapidly, and free o€ iceNorth mustnot be held to indorse in Slaverywhichthe Union. On the subject ofhas to do wRh the landlord'sbargainiehazardous xperiment^selecUoB be made by a vote by counties, claiming Orleans.iaC^lkastatntesmMf^tml>resented byuna Bottred wss one in relation to divorces, and able discussion between the statesmen and thesnothar provldiag for a number of railroads in thestreetsfliHew-xork. Mr.Bichvon)introduced journalistsoftheslave-hoklingandnon-dave- sionaftertheseatsarealltaken,andthatis CourtofCommonPleas,beforeJudgeHsisii,Uiii hadIndicated.would notto theMr. Hahhond.Slavery in the abstract, we can have no profit- with the latter. The conductor of a car Bbkace or PaomsB Casi.—The that for once he ha8«(-i ThxGriatgivepowerSealfSBMsCBAaiBSiw, Thursday,Amongt*Way ^TaaUagMJa.n. U.answer for those whobiabOlfor'filetteuiajofdamagesforthedestruc- holdingStates. Thisisasubjectnotnowto thatthereisnoroom. Ifthisrulewereforced morning. thatitwillbe S.H.Bcsdxxsaidtbatthepopularexpressionbut oneand Mr. Ooss be for treatment. An theapply"liset for a new trial in ths and would ask that tbe matter be setUed as he gates,loyally iielped excited much Ssenssion as to the Com- maintain it. Will thehfrei Uml on ih«former trial Uie relumed a ver- jurydo of the 'senate. that was to pursue old usage, by charge of flie oScfeisa Committee to select.H. W. HAxaiseni contended that as tbe Douglasents were ordered Among the hills noticedof those wh»have al-wlU be introduced. It the com^seswiUUs la stats oalOt when the funeral wlU take r^UNsSt. Lodib, Thursday, Ian. U-have-said,is two-fold:first,to convinceinjurythe lastresortto make the Constitution would soon be ;"dyspepsia, goutthey can have a fair field and free fight, and shoot each other to their hearts' content, with- out endangering the lives of those who are only lookers-on.UNION MEETING AT BANGOR. MAINE. Bahgos, Me., Thursday, Jan. 12.threatened in-Thb Sonora ScEviTiHo Party.great uajority of us free white men at the CoraoBlort grant to Jececb, Tobbi & Co., underNorth, and Uiat they are all of them griefsslave never knows, which ofus is there who would not enjoy being sold nora. This communication is from a gentie-which aof So-man who has been a resident of Arizona for the last four years, and he is well informed onWe are not aware that our Government has interfered, orolutions wen passedThe Pike's PeakundeniableSontii but ent. The crowds, who are now so anxious to thii loitetherwiU case so Ue defeutJant, that renders theFaaernl ef JadgePro-Slavetythe^uture destination of all such The object of our Northern Union meetings, sheep in the gangway, to the annoyance and anioont of new testimony. prlnclpaUy deposUioos ta-getdiscomfortThe'remams of the late JudgeCharleston, S. C, CmclnnaUrBiltin.ore, aad ISBLASD, to commnte the Northern men that there is indeed great danger ready engaged the car, would, if lett on the NY cham-osaone, by Mr. Abcu- before ua of a terrible sectional collisian unless sidewalk one or two evenings, speedilyfindelsewhere, and In bulk would fill an ordinaryGov. WnxAan defended his course as President of the Convention of 18S8, and advocated tlie amend- ments. Let a fair vote be now taken hare. If Mr. Dodolas he nominated at Charleston he would sus- tainhim,andaskedhis (DocoLAS*)friendstodolike- wise if another be the nominee.Wallacs Mr. Willaxs Mr. lAwm replied, sayingAboUtlMi of SlaverrThe bill abolishing Slavery wa»«-compact byUlal was InIt Is not onreaaonable to suppose thatthat Gov. Blacx would veto it.beneath the United American flag. The first of inghow much logger,to ofrank in the breach promisesuits In thecountry.—HeLASS, as President, had constructedWil- a CommUUe onFreeNegT.es Expelled*?-^U. i*V^tb««e.The biUbMiishing freeobjects'of Anti-Lecompoe«''*»,''°°iL°riu2second-Thebill fora Constitutional providingpassed the Bouse on the same day.tikn &P more suceeaefully achieved than vehicles will be left dependent on tofto theUc. We should like to know how much longerexpect-in Nebraska passed onttts*dInst. ItexperiencefMparty quali' may still maintain her honor and her rights the means of reaching their homes ia the even- m"ocn«vwlthaanng «. Shaw" h*s already takes a (rantamendmS?e Moietybad been for a Commit- tee, and not in the way propoaed by Mr. RoaiBSoa.o«f' ly,;;Uhcntiteled Documentorder of the Court, and unanimously pronounced"Naw-Oriesns, vAen By the Eternal we wlH tgbt OMm."be sal^Maylast,twodays after,andoelvad wUh much apidaose. Inhave carried the further, the hall. CImmenseand loud laughter.] Hedrives into tbe ranks, and who, in time of war, are launched by cruel com-the summate actorthen he was;necessitystoodupongallows,ato the bone.ing for the repeal of the law which prohlbita the manders into the most horrible dangers. The reasonable motive for dissimulation, and when For all ptactleal ]>urposes the Union was already without more serious (salaries, and for the passage of an act providingimpendingdissolved. It was true that on tbe map the bounda- ries ol the United States remained aa they used to be, but this alone was not union. There was no Union. Tliere was no fraternal and' 'that each of them shall receive a for $2,000 yeartheir services, were referred, and the Board ad- journed to Monday. At the meeting of the Boarddoom.We are not so strongly in favor of capitalconfiding feeling—EvEsiso Session. The Conunittee of Organ-respect, just as bad as our own, and contrastssadly with the happier lot of our SouthernSambos. We believe it is no exaggeration to punishment as not to own that its legit-_ to bind the Union together.OOXtlfnTUM, MonsoxxsT, Ala., iredmsday, Jsn. 11-^ P. It.Yet during theIt was the duty of Northern men to trace to their ori-H1U.UX8 and SooTT made sentiments of fraternal regard that should and must which U still in session.ofhis— previous insanityhad to interpose to prevent a general row.greatHuntingdon County Conventian bave4warfare—of the House toplace — they The practice of carrying deadly weapons into—almost every week dozens of these un- the Halls ofTBonaqK. LoDtsnux, lliondqr, Tso. U:His whole conduct, theL. S. PASsoirs nocUnated adents,inwhich^n>artieswarerepissested. Arseoiwtlpnwasoffsssdsndadopted,by285teJIfccannot be toobyOpposition members of tbe Tennessee Le^v- enlarged upon the date for the Presidency.wouldensue but if, in the excitement of the mo-thevalueoftheUnion. Hegreat damageif assert,of the weaker members of the Confederacy. Hisment, fire-arms should be resortedsomeBepubUcancaucus lastnight pos^xined themember from—Wewhich Messrs. Stokx & Isbax have imdertakenof which heintends to interfere, in this matter. Recentas ex- Court of the United States,t'edCanstang tn. Shaw,"We have not heard the Inleatlon of cotin-TboCharlestonCourier'sSpecialcorrespoadeatfor».hearths testi- sowtp whatwhich was not in consonance and the recollection of thatAdministrationor proceed.If the of which thethreatens so much to the Union. dangerracting the country.to which they belong. If gentiemen are dis- The meeting adjourned after Mr. SiTKOt^a's ad-posed to enact the bravo, let them do it where dress, with loud cheers for the Union.publishFresQ Pike's Peak.thefor admis- now celebrated »100,000 breach of promise cms, entl- Chair to select a committee to report Douglas dele-have been sincethe lasttrial, andsomeveryInter-wlU be exrtt«lever before. Be the result it may,ina an enormousto exercise it in the way indicated b) the first motion. The ubies were«B«H. aAMKB T. LAXSnS, SX-OOV.BrmOlTB, RZIBT J. BATMOID AKD OTBZBg. AiaasY, Thursday, Jan. 13.latkaeffhefrwUf:gre»«l»sMPWtt«llsiiAlWay.to the Senate Chamber.Tbe mesUng was called to oidar by Hon. FaaaxusDusHAM, who h«l been - nominated for Govwaer.Mr. Dotbam, in respoMe to a oaU. came bnrai*a —>interposition of Executive clemency for thepostponement of his execution, until every deemeu It proper to ny, st tlie same time, that tbe Mpeedtt.mostappropriateplaceto meetsodexpressdevoUon DuringthespeechofMr.DsnovthissuniabI*to tbe Union, was outside tlie Legislature. [Oreat was interrupted by CoL Axua Mat, wko ^^ad^aA fin—Xtmiac—Thi Bo Kako- was made the special order for Monday next. pose themselves to the Indian or Mexican ri- ty was removed. The thought of hanging a mad- cheering and laughter.] It was the common cry tliat him In an Imperious manner. AAsr tbs iiljiiiiia—a. A resolution directing the Comptroller to take no fles, or British broadsides. On the contrary, man is utteriy revolting, and if Maude was there was no danger of a destruction of the Union, Mr. Mat met Mr. Ddbbak In tbs streetraal Mlisilwfurther action in regard to the sale of the Brooklyn our soldiers and sailors axe all poor white men, net in an insane whenbecause there was no settled project on toot for itsbut It should be remembered that all origin not in reasonan exptinatlnn, Mr. DnraAS ssid te ka4 Mke Is—too,Tbey were, beagevst^ SOOBALABAXA DIXOCKATIO' (TAnrhe con- whenhehadaobe looked upon as the true solidity of tbe Union.He attributed the origin of these evils, only of re- cent date, mainly to the violence and recklessness ofslaveholder as outside the of and 211 against 110..Mr. Scott,and useful labors of the curred in the Hall of Bepresentatives in Wash- Impartially reviewed tbe action of tbe ultralits of legldative and Congressional protecttoa. T%s Ma-both sections of the Union. His remarks weresonal collision between Mr. Hasun and Mr. effective, and elicited round after round of applause. this right they are to withdraw and esBlhis'iAt theClabe of this State, the memt>ers rushed intoington yesterday.of aprevailed,as eminently proper to be shared in prominently by the commercial men of the State, and denounced those journals who had made It a matter of ridicule and denunciation, that such meetings were shared Incitizens interested In the commerce of the State. Ceriainly such men should know, and had a right tothem to support Bon. Josa C. Bssuuasi far pea tteMr. JoBH V. L. Pairrswhich were lengthy, and expressive of devotion to the Union, and condemnatory of both extremes, North and South, whose ultralsm would endanger Its Integ- rity.begalargely;23,HalL It wasthe were galleriesSupremeResolved, That all professions of loyalty to the Un-of his labors.It is evident, however, tliat the people of ledge ourselves and our fortunes, and our sacred arrived, but brings no news of interesLUnionunless force is brought to bear upon them. It tbe protcctloii of these and aU other constitutionalin- into this enterprise, for, in addition toof the soil ofFecry, wasnot only an assault upon the property andcourse with the Sonorians, our citizens, if not dered, but upon the Constittution and Union alsothat while those who took an fcctlve In It have de-of WiS'our Government, are forced to sustain thepartservedly suffered the severest punishment of the law,before or couragement sympathyacts were commiUed, should share with tbem is the Infamy with which their memory is branded.Pollticnl.UDLAKA DIHOCBATIC STATK COKVE.VTIO.V.ofat disunion should be lewarisA with the halter. _Deadly Aasnnlt at Harvard Cellece. Boeroir, Thoisdsy, Jan. n.;attbe lives of her citizens, whom they robbed and mur-hypocritical. of In theirfound toleads,be capable of yielding large proportian goU.;andThe riverand Delegates to the National Convention for the Wheeling and Parkersbnig to IsinHngs betosr.State at large. are up for MaysviUe, Clmdnnatl, LaalsvUIs. 8t> JoHH L. RosiHSOS moved an amendment that such Louis, Cairo and intermedtato polnis, dirsot to Nsw-the surest way tohad admitted that theusagedenied that tn the Convention of 1858 Gov.fro-81. Louis, Th"TM"'-price NrwCmncB.—AnewMethodistB^Iscopai ResolntlOBST,bceomprosvseidsewa»m»ajtorruiet.yNotoneofthat underthealtergaUveofbesoming»l«T«i.w«c»*^ aChoioh wss 4«dle«|sd at BiosJdTB, y«f(snltfwiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to^ laetuofInNew-Orleanslesmsbyadvicesfrom Aiutin, Tsasabad theturned now from what they were two veSrs ago, and rived In this City last night, and were taken tofta-The^'^ y-.W*1 Gov.WIUABsrspUt4,"T'-ln'-a'" "ilnjUmkii"HCoavsidlaB ever wUeh bsBx:&evenun' Ddsitiiis said all I^kU Imt'Gov. Willasbwithdrew the oiate of Otmt fcmade Mr. Lroa, Presldaat, sad ^"^r O. Hoosx, and others, Secrstartss. TsUag the Chtfr,the Committee on BsxcEisiUDeaxoicntlnD-nrTheThelature have nominated Joss Bxu as the Unloo eaadl-aThe general health was good.HeCoa-sto shown to bs hi after the criminal a prosperous condition. The Slavery question is dis- cussed at considerable length, the Governor takingextentaccompanyingBlaekfti*. IBWAHAWUS, Thursday, isa. n.qialf .^.^.....iu>.=^...•'".^-^www.fultonhistory.comfiSSJe se coud ;and itis quite timethat theofconduclori.. Ij^A:.* i-:r&ii> riiiiiMJiiinnii'ii II.