 ' to %rated that he happened to be la t t e palaea on t t e night AIOTHEBDEIYETHROUGHTHECUT.hiaRoyalHighaeaswanborn ThePrinceadlreasedhim thegrandtorchlightprocessionofttefirementookplace1• 4Mi iBasss**,mjtaBSB>Tte first object of Interest pointed outwas t t e "What Is H f" ta which b is Royal along the route'of the procession will be found below.H-ghaess manifested a good deal of curiosity, Incompli- Of the procession itself it U impossible to give any* ance with hia wtab, the keeper went through the regular thing liltean idea or thereelity. from the standpoint •ccountof theaaimal. la thesamesectionof«»bniid. occupied.byOurreporter,tte spectacle formed bytteelicited round* of appUuse. » . ItQ&rasmsscn Hoes Coariar No 3.This company turned out thirty men, and madeaverygctearjejeBranoec '-*ftuoate EXCISECOXPACT,NO.4.white ate blue feathers, and five handsome stained glass Paraded 60 men, praoeaed by the Governor's Islandlamps. Tte carriage to a very handsome ene, and great bate, sad bearing Wide Awake torches. The apparatuscarehadevidentlybeenbestowedonit.Sixtymenpa- wsailluminatedwithfiftylampssuspendedfromfear.painted,and about^sixfeet long third street, and the company does doty intheFirstWHOLP, NO. 8802. SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOMi 14, 18ei),THEPRINCE'SToWBDAY, pom*oftakinghisdeparture, an Intereatingincidentoo errrred. An old man, bowed down and tottering with the weight of years, was f i nasi i t to a t e by Mr. Brady, whoaaas*JliaasmjSaiaa»aaSBi»%awMAccording to the programme laid out by the ReceptioncompanyTteTte engine w t e with beautifullyjjtat n(ty men infiremen'suniform decorated, a t e illuminated lights, while a succession of finCOMPAST, NO. 1 . Hopps, Foreman,band—twentypieces.of rosewood, with plain circularbright light; n large brightflamapoured out of the smoke stack, which cast a lurid light oa the street as the engine pessed along to the procession; the copper air chamber afthe reel ornamented with thacx gut moulding. The back box of the carriage was orasnaested wtta a vary fine alto- gertoal repreaentattan ot Frotsettoa, executed ta t t eTkCallofthePrinceonGen.Scott,at be.aextendedbytte"PrmceofSnowmen"tothePrtnoe of waieaand bisllrostrioos mmpaalsaa la witnessttewith pas burners, which hattan, by long odds, bad t t e Bate elegant a t e costly fromalarge iron cylinderplaced machinesaddecorationstatteprecessioniher of colored paper balloons, or COICMBUS Hose COMPASV, No 9. suspended from different parte of John L. Hereon, Foreman.upon which wsa carried a model or nmtas A OarvlUe'a American fin asmpa around niat were) a number of catered ngou, with asignal upon t t e top bearing i t e wordsHis Residence to Twelfth Streetbehaved men, self devoted to the interests of the pablid, curiosities la the Maaeum. It was not till within as hour without receiving n a y remuneration save t t e t whicharrangementwasaremarkably Theyturnedoutfortymen,andhadtheirCarriagede steeps.''Aroundtheplatformwere»autifuli, muchcreditoattetasteof coratedwiththreearchesoflightsrunningoverthereel EnglishandAmericanflags,whimgavethewholeavery^0ym0^0*0*0*0*i*a*i**toBimi*0***4QofthetlssssMsmsjtorttevtaitthatmlalllgsnoawa truemeneverexperienceintteperfonaanoeofgoodas.tteTHE FiREHEffSP AR4DE.tothemanagerttettteinvitationtea)beenA Btrgs anmber of spectators wars present l ait was not even asBpsstid by t t eilea*. * brilliant AB day long preparations on t t e part of the firemen ttewere observable throughout t t e city, and night brought With it a scene of excitement and splendor which teamen paraded.COOT AST, N o. 2 .Ryan, Foreman. tedteenplacedonthiscarrlag'ievidently bestowed much time ate burnishingthemountingsoftheirparaded, all infiremen'scos-FtotnjBVEsc.ifc COMTAST, No. 3. "t Jofcn Irwin, Foreman.of the carriage; a beautiful coon's tail mounted the top, attractive appearance. Quite a feature was added * theIIW8BGTORCHLIGHTPR035SI0I. wood,whentebeardthatttePrincewascoming,causedportion of the globe. The weather, provIdentlally,not Prince of Waleelsh, that is—it did not pour down to torrents of rain just at the time when a clear sky and dry streets were moat devoutly to be prayed far. Tte day was brigh sad bracing, and t t e evening was still better, the stars shining out brilliantly, and the sky being ascloudlesssstheclearestdayofmidsummer. Ttepeoplew»»*»**e>^^w^»^^>»>^^^Wll^rWS<^**>The Real Wide Awakes of the Metropolis.9**0Wmm*m0if**jf*igK00*0**!*0*0*OUR FIREMEN W A BLAZE OF GLORY.w*0K0*m0*Bm0*0i0*0i0**m0*0*0ii0ii0itte performanoe ta the lecture room to te commenced half aa hour before the usual time, so as to clear theaid luele of the City. nG&mttltommmf*i»wi>—^—amsideisawellexecutedpaintingof"HelenattteBurningtheengineboreabrassmounted bull'seye signal,while 01 lamps were,suspended along t t e brakes a t e anas.THE TRIP TO WEST POINT,Ithai during k it tear on UMWestern his Royal HigttnoBB the Pnnon < tii with p t U r sordiaaty and with ihostassn—tea nowhere wit-Un>oaThursday,themtereattagvisitstovariousplaces, ate tte glittering t—ate tea on Friday, together with tte toeWeato a t e t t e splendid torchlighttea at tte fluaaw M l els**, tea* alite nNe to tte most favorable ncaateroftteroyalpartytea>nvimanyex- bisextremedelightatttebrtUtet.greeting whitetheyatewithtoHawYork. Tteglitterand glory of t t e diamond tell, vita its ctageat decorationsanbounded admiration.Afterleaving tteteJlroeaa,tiwastteo'clockyester-among the "curtcsltlM." and whether he considered htm thegreatest he expected to find Inthe Museum. Mr. Greenwood, however, explained that the illustrious show- man had gone to Bridgeport on business. The visit to the Museum was brief bat interesting, and when leaving,the royal party indicated ttet they hadbean highly pleated with their visit. Entering their carrlagea again, they proceeded to the Fifth Avenue Hotel, where they partook of some rafresbmenta. After lunch the royal party again left the hotel.VISIT TO GENERAL SCOTT'S RESIDENCE IN TWELFTH STREET, BEAR FIFTH A VENUE. The veteran warrior received the Prinos and suite In awith t t e motto "We still Live," minated with about sixty lights. They also carried a beautiful American nag, presented them b y t t e ladiee o fwith lights; also the front and back boxes In the centre of the carriage were several Chinese lanterns, which made a fine display,tte young Prinos appeared aa highly pleased day a»ominf when toe Prince a t e reacted his hotel and at receiving these civllltee as the illustrious General wasAcostlyAmericanflagadornedthe Suchcommandedthisdivision,whichmarchedInthefol- generallyalmired. TherewasaootherornamentontteFifthTTBET TO BRADY'S NATIONAL PHOTO- GRAPHIC GALLEBY.Mr.BradywasaentforbythePrinceoaFridaymora-some time daring t t e day, in this Bsagnlficent establishment. F or n oouple of hours before Urn royal tourists reached there, a crowd began to eottaet around the store. T t e anaabasa continued t o Increase until uaally the street in front of tte building was completelypanic!wereasfollowi:—Exxwr b o n a COWXST. James L. Miller, Foreman.with this carriage.EMPIHS HOOK AKO LADDER COMPAST, NO. 7.Martin Beuier, Foreman. BandThe bouse to situated at the corner of Forty eighthstreet, end the company performs duty ta t t e First and gold. Ontheleaderjacketwasdisplayedttedesignation Seconddistrict*. Theymustered eightymen.dressediniag, whea It was mtimated t o a t e that his Royal High-D«I wcnldbegtod tone* hianewgallery ITmatters packedwithpeople,andvehicleswereoompeltod totornmarchedInthefollowingorder:—of the company. They turned out seventy men, who ycGarlgle,Foreman. weredressedinredshirts,'blackpanto,beltsaadwhitesuite wars seen approachtag (roan t t e direction of t t e Fifth avenue, and a rush was made tor tteprtratate- trance where they ware to alight. Bat Royal Highness ack no wledgad t t e cheers of the crowd and the salutationscompany during their stay In the city have been t t e guests of Engine Company No. 15.praaatoas wars'tesatamjto"^*TM*?**?admirably favorable tort t e operatiea,Princestandingalone. H is Boyalate at groans, to serve an oarte net siesta.Itoltoll.t t eABtte 1m- day beinga t e t t eraised gilt scroll work. Tte ladders i, with the name and numerical deaigna- opany in gold gilt letters, shaded with top of the truck was illuminated by torches; in the Interval between two ofa large living W3 "fie, ^n>c1, *P- llsaoutented as the procession proceeded; a i signal lamp was prominently disputed tte truck, the aides of which ware ofwith thename, numberandemblemsot displayed thereon; other portions of thewith American flags and bunting paraded sixty men, uniformed ta fire capsof the engine, ana a corps of fifty votonteen ^ ' " • Jaf tatsssagnlloantooi- inspected, with curious inte- and literary and otherSeventh regiment HisBoyalHighness purchased a NewYorkbrethren. The!aretheguests ofPauMlng Luge variety or ornaments, besides giving extensive or- Hose Company, No 67, at whose house they have been ders tor the manufacture of many articles af handsomely entertained.artWtabsm,Foreman.Ia veryfineappearance,aad ornamentedwiththemlSiatnrefigureorafiremanand a TheenginewasIlluminatedwithoverfortytamps,withaAstk«macestoodsttheheadafttestaircase,ontte THEFIREMEN'S PARADE. MVQUUg*vt#*aCommittee for t t e entertainment of t t e Prince of Wales, to tte moat kindly terms aad seamed touched by the clr last evening in honor of his Royal Highness, and ta everyttemacnlnewasbrightlypolahedatesurmountedbya higheststyleofart;oathef.oattanofthecarriagewasewnstaaoe. OaleavinghisBoyalHighness extendedhisVUitsBrta|>8HewPhotographsOal- hasdcordiallytoMr.Brafy,ateexpresaedttegreatgra tooneofthefinestspectacleseverwitnessedinNewYork,richly saver plated signal lantern, with tte rieal designation and emblems of t t e onthestainedglasssides. Ttecompany members, uniformed ta fire ana,a solid silver plate, with easraved omaaantai border-ta ttacsem, engraved ta Boaaaic oraametted intare,' hi thenamePhemx Themnnlngg«ariaofbrightpolished atealj I t e wbteto patated a deep blue, wits gold gUt eirlnes. This company had thirty aaea, atdrad iafira caps, red shirta, black pacta, aad aaci eeana« a torch.LAPATBTTS HOOK ASD Lannan CUMTAST, NO 6 Peter T Everett, ForemanThtosompaayparadedsixtyactiveatehonorarymess. Their truck, one ol tte longest la Ite u ,111IV FrtaceaaiPjartytaf«MfPkt- fgrfc»tW4 by Brady.dark blue, with by four small plated signal lah''stripe. The whole was illuminated one superbly ornamented silver b colored glass aides.D|i^nnsHOoaranT,Ma1. A. Hilton, Foreman.atiftcatlon he had derived from the inspection 01 his oollec- ttoa. The visit of the royal par y lasted over two • ours, and on entering their osiilassa they were greeted with eathnsiaatic oteara by aa Immasss orswd which ate bean watting patiently all that time to get a glimpse of the,The carriage of the nation aa opportunity of tsensetteg, under t t e gold stripe;Tnm>111! I j t IVISIT TO BABNOTTB MUB1UM.The royal party drove Aowa Broadway, amid the cheer * af the crowd, aad visited Barnum's Mnatum, oa tte corner of Ass atreot. Two da, a before aa Invitation hadpjaeedon t t e top of tte track,ttePrtaea waste te thata. Mr. Barnom blmtefhadtoftttecHylattemorningoaboamess Mr.Green aeldombeenseeneveninthisprogressiveaterastlasisurrounded by lights.WATXR WITCH ESGISS COXPAST, No. 10.Wm.Bantam,Jr.,ForemanStationed at Eighty second street, tear Fourth avenue,anddoingdutytotteFirstaadBeoonddistricts.Tte company mustered seventy man, ail clad in the firemen's uniform—red shirt, black pantaloons sadfireman'scap Each man bore aflamingtorch in bis band. The engine was decorated with thirty seven lights on the side levers, fore sad aft, while en t t e air ttemlisi t t e stars aadapparatus by a large lion whwhwat placed on Me front ot tte platform. It attracted considerable attention along thelineormarch. Ontherearofthetruckwasaidog, In a resting position Aa the company pasaPrince at the Fith avenue Hotel the whole track brilliantlyiUumlnatedsbycoloredfirn,whichrolledup, * lighting up the whole block a t e giving me Prlnoe a fine opportunity to see their apparatus.Uajxan t a n s Enema COMPAXT, NO. 13. Thomas Daley, Fonataa.Thiscompanyparadedwithaborrowedengine,astheir own to being refitted, he, They had sagtae No. 29, whichwasprettilyornamented. Theytedanumberof beys carrying torches. Uniform plainPSSMT HOBS COMPAST, NO. fit, A. V. Davidson, Foreman,liooroof \portlonofh e crowd, in order that the Princemight have a better opportunity to walk round and ex-amine t t e oortosrUea. When t t e Priaoe arrived therewasagrant crowd outside ite Mnassan,ate hundredsTurnedoutetroag..: They numbered 130 men, and weredressedtaitejBh$ta|blaekpanto,andlockedexceedingly stripes floated aloft. Tteblazing lights ofttelamps,morewere soonaddedtothe number assembledwithin were naturally, under snob favorable circumstances, the building. T t e Prince w a s received b y Mr. Green- out in thousands, and the soeaes presented In the streetsTheroyalpartyawxtptcoeadedtotheestablishmentwasaveryprettyone,beingsilvermounted,tatwithouti fromafireInBethune decoration. Uniform, redshirt, fire cap,black panto couldbeplacedithadbeendone. Fortyfivemenparadedoff into t t e side streets. Soon after five o'clock the Prlnoe arrived, and when he came he was greeted with enthusi astlc cheering. A sunTcleat paltoeforeswte in attendance to keep the crowd from pressing to through the doors. When the royal party enter*:, they were received by Mr Bail,who conducted them through tteentireestablish-oatstrictlyttePrince'swishes. Ttedoorsoftte establishmentwarsinaxorablyclosedagainal'omenordertoavoidannoyancefromttecrowdbelow.ThendifferingfromthatoftheNewYorkcompaniesonlyincottldbeaoamagadasto rantertterentaprivateaaa,Mr Brady, gratified at the high tenor paid him, under.took to eta* Ma doom to t t e public daring tte hoars atwhich tte Prince would be present. Anappoint-ment was accordingly taken tor yesterday morn-lag, ate arrangements wars nates to onrry!'<Esem GOMTAST, No. 6.fullflreman'auniform, each man carrying a lighted tana, whilefireworkswere discharged at intervale T te car- riage was bautifully illuminated with colored lights, and altogetherthewholeaffairmadeacreditableahow.daringtteearlypart of tteday,ateawnttemoatbv tteata friends of t t e nasalstar ware denied admission. 0*i„gi,thenecessityofgivingthepublicsomeexpla- aationotthefact,ttePriMe*Intentiongonoisedabout, aadtteprivateentraaoelaTenthstreetsoonblocked upwith mahiooablyawaiting a chance of getting a eight of his Boyal Hightheabutterswereclosed,whilethewhole buildinginside theadditionofafatiguecapj,attachedto thebelt Ttered, ornamented on the corners and and gilt celestas sad scrolls: ontamps,wereobservable,fortykenparadedtattecos- usually worn by the members of our Fire Depart-UnionHOOKASSLABDS»COMPAST,NO.8,ratus waS undeoorated, save by a stag!e ornament, which, however, attracted as much attention, perhaps, as would tteenginewenItcoveredoverwithembellishments OathebrakeswerehungrowsofbrilliantvariegatedW.C. Bearisky,Foreman, ment.ThePrincewasfirstescortedtothesecondfloor,In Paradedfortymen,allbearingtorches,theiruniform_ j t s Band—forty pieces. - firstclassone,Philadelphiastyle;yel- ,with gold gilt striping; polished steelcomfortere, with the usual i r e capl ATIASTICHoesCOMPAST,NO.16.John Kerrigan, Foreman.TheStyle of this carrlafe was remarkably plainandPACIFIC Exenre COMPAST, NO. St, SamuelSimpson,foreman,But night was now coming on, aad contemplated trips to Platen of tte royal party *e whom tte proofs island and to Greenwood earlier in the day in their commends- tod already been abandoael. The Prince in becoming*tes of the accuracy and perfection ot t t e asperates•saiaatteaatahHihmaat.axceedingly interested In New York. He would like tolinger toagor, ao as to visit many other places of interest chief, five fict In height, elegantly tnrved inataatetsftB tte gailary, t t e Priaoe agata epent sometime laspeeUsg the collection. Ho seemed particularlypleased with •*•- Bstassj jtetaaTapha. white are finished rendered it impossible. la tte moat enterals style, ate admitted to be ch&dowrret of art Ttaealleeted heads or t t e members ofthe *rate ate of tla Boaaa of Bnpreaentativee appearedto tstartal grsatiy tte party, tat mora especially thetake of HiII LMIH, wte devow a gaad deatst time ta" i awsaj gives ay ate Fraaae,!JohnSchnagel,Foreman.would have visited bad the time permitted.Inside the ropes bearing torches andand glased caps. Ualforss, yed shirt, Are asp, asms pants and belt IFIFTH DIVISION.Thi.divtolonformedon thi-on* tote ofItarteentb street, right resting oa Seventh .rtasaa. " * * " « £ mended by Engineer John Brjcc The division paradedin the metropolis, but the previously partejted arrange- ments for the return or the royal party to England havewood. The panels attracted a great deal of at- tention, especially the obe which represented the burning of the Ocean Monarch In the English Channel. The "Rescue," a Newfoundland dog dragging the body of a shipwrecked mariner aehere. and "Protection^" the dog acting as a guardian over the body of the/tnaaimato seil»r, were much adm red. The entire company paraded to blue coats, red shirts, black panto, black silk neck. ties,&c. Inadditiontothe'torchesandcoloredlanterns, they were plentifully skppltod with fireworks, consistingSfcCfJNDfllVTSION.Durtag his progress yesterday the people everywaere greeted him with the greatest enthusiasm, and many pleating Incidents transpired Horticulturists sent him truitr, and children aad ladies presented him with tlowersThe carriage was perfectlyfplata, with t t e exception of .row of colored lights runntag around the reel. EachAn interesting Incident occurred In the presentation ofthe Prlnoe to Captain Frederick Lahrbutb, wbe, in 17*0,served under his Boyal Highness the Sake of York InHolland. InIMSthevoterancaptain,who Isnowninety- ofrockets';Romancandies,signallight*andvariousother five years of age, west to Hanover as one of the body guard pyrotechnics. 8everai|of th e Assistant Bogiaeera of of his Boyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. In 1809 Btooklya were la attendance s s invited guests,be servedrunder the Duke of Wellington in the Peninsularwar,andalsotookpartinotherimportantengagements,retiring in 1815 on half pay. For the last twelve yearshe has resided in this country. The Prince was toterjsted ttreet, right resting oniTenlh arenaa, tat the apparatus!d steel- bright copper air ehamber.on each side of which *J^*p«>^ritb theword."Peterson"toorna- ~TMTJ Mamr- letters the top of the air chamber was t ^loonted by alsnetolTerplatodaignsilanten,with This company marched In the procession fifty strong. IrioredfitaBsides, with t t e nfflnertoal otelgnationandwl^aatured.lnaniwartota4*i*te,ttat;tteoaptaia wasreallyntoetyavnjearsold*sad«*»tfttaryiewwas pleasing to both parties.The royal parly were out during the whole of the after- noon, and at all the places which it was supposed they would visit crowds of people eoUec red. Finally the Prince returned to the hotel, from the balcony of which he wit •the mantfioeat torehthrbl procession of th e Arepiacedinreverseorderj ItwascommandedbyEngineer TimothyUWest,headisdbyWhltworttVsband,aadp*u s arnAM Eneas OoxTAirT, No s. BabertCBrown,Foreman.iaBsnd-tnlrtyptooea-AfinemodelcfaChtaeaeiJunkwasplacedonthetopof pounderfieldplepetotterear,dnvmbyonehundredparticular proved a splendid Basesai, treating oar citizenswhile at the same time affording the distinguished guestmeet favorable circumstances, one of our peculiar Ameri-can Institutiont, as useful anU conservative asitsreputa-tion Is universal. We mean, of course, tte volunteer, unpaid,andheroicdefendersofoarlivesandproperty—the New York Fire Department. The display of last eve-ning, perfect as it was in every particular, moat haveimpressed tte Prince sad hia nobis suite with a pro- while on the found conviction of the greatness of a nation which can the company) produceao splendida forceot stout, athletic aadwall weresuppliedtjeel running gear; wheels painted black pants. T te body af t t ewatt. Tteenginewas ornamented with ttefigureof n thevividflamefrom the torchesaad thecrimsonshirts ite immediately conducted to lbs >econd werealtogetherofamoatanimatedcharacter. Afoil stuffeddeer,andahandsomeplume,whichcost$80.Tte ofthemenmadenptogetnerabrilliantahow.TheSceneaaViewedfromthe iogthepartyIrerAshowntteAlbinofamily,concerning milesoftorches,enginesandfiremen,passingrapidlytaFilthAvenueHotel.."- FrascisRobb,Foreman.They paraded abaci one hundred men, sad presented araded,allattiredtotteusualfireman'seassaaaa OcsAsra Enema COMPAST, NO. 11.JohnWiley,Foreman. Theyparadedeightymen,aadtadoattheirPhila-archesspanningttereel Uniform—redshins,white oomJorters, black pacta ate belts, ate fire caps.descriptionofthedecorationsatetoeidaatBnoticeable dlsplsyoftorchesandfireworkswasveryeffective,andLIBXXTTBoaaCOMPASTNo.10. James Richard, Foreman.This carriage was decorated with a large plume of red,whomtheymoteseveralInquiries. TheSiamesetwins, review;thebrilliantcalciumlightsflashingInthe sea 1km aad the seal were also pointed out; and iota* direction, and the magnihcent display of rockets,oftManimalswwefadtottepresuncsofthePrinceat candlesandbluelights,illuminatingtheheavenswithall Onearqiearsnoe,.Os>thetopofthecondensingcasewasfttifiihwiey %wulm\wnMiytheirtwihisownrequest. Hewanconductedthroughthebuilding ttecolorssitherainbow,wasinttehighest and had bis attention called to the objects of special Inter- > grand and mipeeing.ofWalesPlume,bearingthemottowhole was illuminated with several delphia engine, which was painted by Morlarty. On one Paraded 100 men, all bearing torches. The boiler ofest When te bad gone all over the Museum, teremarked that be supposed he bad seen all t t e principalfuriosities, and then almost In tte same breathheIBSndDCRdOFinsNIGHT, •sked,wherewasMr.Barnumf Thereadermustdecide bieeffectsintendedbytheCommitteeofReception, for for himself whether t t e Prince intended to class Bar namn wonder nobody was hurt, s a d n o fights are to be re- corded. The aflhlr was well managed In every respect, and reflects the greatest credit oavChief Engineer Decker and the firemen. True to Mr. Decker's promise, t t e pro- cession was over an.I all the engines safely bossed before midnight—a fact which oar military friends would do well to Imitate in future, as the patience of New Yorkers would not be equal to such soother trial as was Buffered last Thursday, on the occasion of the Prince's arrival.Thepolicearrangementswerelikewiseadmirable,being under the control of Captain Cameron, wte performed hia doty faithfully sad well. The steamboat squad, composed offifty-n-remen, were detailed to march in front of tte procession, under the command of Sergeant Gent, is order to keep the routs clear of obstructions.It was announced ttet the line would form at halt-past meetagainthe accomplished commander, la whemha sixprecisely, butitwasfullyanhourandnhalflaterbe- has taken t t e deepest Interest. The visit was not pro- fore all the companies were at their poets and the proces-tracted. It was a pleasant social call, ot a strictly pri- sion commenced to move through the streets set down taA. C D. AsertOe, Foreman,moat cordial manner. H is Royal Highness was glad toEnglish flags, used to the war ol 1812 They ware pre-sented t o t h e members s f this company, who rattledMontreal to 1866, by the Mayer of ttet city and his tody.Tte graceful folds of these silken flags, together withseveral handsome tamps judiciously disposed, made t Mreally teadaome carriage appear to great advantage.ThirtysixmetparadedwiththiscarriageJBPPKBSOS ESGISS COKPAST, NO.2d. John Ford, Foreman,vatecharacter. Ttemembersofttehouseholdwerein- troduced UMho Prinos and the nobles, and a short time was devoted to saciaj chit-chat and the uuercnauatag of civilities. T t e veteran hero w a s exceedingly kind andattentive to t t e hopeful royal heir of England, andtheprogramme. Theroute,asstatedtayesterday's Hmuin, was through Fourteenth street to Fourth avenue, npFourthavenuetoTwentythird street,throughTwen- ty-third street u> afjuii*i>» u u u , - F u*«h»» — I t» Twenty sixth street, through Twenty sixth street to Fifth avenue,downFifthavenue(passingInreviewbeforethe, Prince at the Fifth Aveaaa Hotel) to Fourteenth street,>first1 it tte third dans steamers exhibited heavy plume of red, white and green, end was well ago. Itisaboutthesizeof29En lightedup.ratirtetorest. HaaleptM snarlyton,ateneequiterafieahed. Ail the morning aa eager srowd was asacm-hied aroste tte Fifth Avenue Hotel, hoping to obiain aIkukoe at ale Royal TUgteaai whenever be should tear*Bisapartment. Noprogrammeofproceedingswasform- wererepeated,aadthenttedistinguishedgueststook severalcompaniesweredismissed. ally aaaoaaoad tor t t e afternoon yesterday, tat It wasCOIXMBIASfjaSTSBCOMTAWT,No.14. Robert' Rogers, Foreman.This company mustered eighty men. Their engine was illuminated with gas, en the principle or t t eferriesandgenerally known ttet t t e Priaoe would spend it in visit•lsg several ptoses of Interest in as prrraie a manner aah^flEwMB/JBBp* A^AwSta t a e n j w e x s e ' ^ew^Bmww^a^sew^pjfS^sj esssww j w^wwr a s a nnnnAA£^nBa•treats were alive with carnages and the aide walks withsasaatrtasa Itwasaltertwelveodock,noon,whentte ofBall,BlackACo,laBroadway. Ithadbeen Princeaid amUe left tte hotel. Theydroit downtte intimated that the party would spend an hour,THE PROCESSIONmarched through the streets In the following order —FIRST DIVISION, ElistaKiBgtlsndcommandedthisdivision,whichcon-sistedprincipallyofthevisitingcompaniesfromBrook- lyn, Rahway,MountVernonind otherplaces. Thecomunrestrainedlabestowingthem. HisHoyalHighness felt very much at ease, ate freely Joined in pleasing con- versation. Feelings of friendship and good will were ex- pressed, manifestations of mutual pleasure at the visittaroaghFourteenlbstreettaFourthavenue,downFourth avenue to the Bowery, through the Bowery to frtathawi street, throegh Chatham street, around tte lower ate of the Park, aad up Broadway to Union square, where theibyaaABWrieaaeagle.~A*o Lamm Omtrurr, No. S, r. Walton, Foreman,leave of the American commander.ropes and bearing torches, formed athe display made byAhis company,byoveronehundredlightedstained out glass lamps. This was a novel aad very beautiful feature or t t e paradeEimaoi HosxGeMPAST,No. II, L. W. Warner, foreman.VISIT TO BALL, BLACK AND COMPANY'S JEWELRY STORE.*upon the ladders, cradle and perch,itod by atargegilt eagle, which Paraded thirty-fire men with torches. T te apparatusA feature of tost evening's exhibition worthy ofwas the non occurrence of any serious accidents or inci- dentswhichmightbareatendencytaspoi1]theptoaenra-HOBS COHPASV, NO. 4. P. Keeland,Foreman.of Troy,""Madonna" Twohandsome coloredlampsadornedthetop, the whole engine being surrounded by coloredlights; on top of the condensing case was a heavy libertycap, surrounded by a number of small lights. Two targe Turned out 86 men. T te carriage reel was covered reflectors also adorned the engine,..the whole being illu-This company turned out strong, and looked remark- ably weO. They numbered about fifty man, and wore the usual regulation drees.; The engine was tastefully decorated, and bore a very large and powerful calcium light, which, from its Intense sad dazzling light, attract ed the notice of all. The members are all powerful, fine looking men, and are a host In themselves. WABHorqiosEKCISBCOMPAST,No.I,orMornVxssos,This divli ingonthedivisioTheengit lowandre* brakesand) thefigureBf is painted }srTHIRD DIVISION.on Fourteenth street, right rest-was iliumInatri On the ascendfloorthe Prince admired engine was decorated with a very handsome signal lan- edges with Tilthebstetamadocks,tteelegantporcelainware,and terninfront,whichborethedesignationofthecompany thetopoftW( •wasthbewords"Amer.cus—venield!especiallylbsgreatvarietyofartletiobronses. Onthe toredandwhitecolon. Onthetopwasalocomotive vtel." Ttejjj proannaentobjectofattractiononthisthirdfloorbetookpleasureinobservingtheimmense light,whichthrewaluridglareonallbeforaIt,aadim- machine assortmentofsplendidchandeliers. Comingdowntette mediatelybehindwasadevice representing thetemple female1 lower floor, te examined minutely numerous articles of of liberty, with a wax image of t t e divinity herself seat- drcdmen. jewelry and silver ware. While making the tour of the ed Inside, dressed in robes, among which t t e American•II ThewasdeThlscomp the first built tor ealtefiaei berof men1 panto.Thei M polished]bral,.Foreman, ,«TempleofLiberty,"Inwhichwasa Paradedtoredshirts,blackpanto,Ac,andnumbered tamps,sadoaaplatformaboveallabeautifullivegrayasm By twelve o'clock the crowd htetacreeeedto wonanextentu toImpedettepassageofthevehicleson establishment,Mr.BallcalledtheattentionofthePrince colonwereprominent.Thedomeofred,whiteandbineHOSB OOKPAST, N O . Q. Oonlon, Foreman,is^paintodaplaincreamcolor,aad iAmericanflags.Eaoora ConrisY, Mo. 7, D. Cheahin, Foreman.works.. J MOHAWKESGISXCOMTAST,No.16.af wstems to tte royal eon of England. Tte motto of ttePacificEngineCompanyIs"WeStilllire." turnoutwastoeverywayoredliable.PxAXiBoasCOMPAST,NO.28. F. C Murray, Foreman.A large stuffed owl, holding In Its claws two smsl American sad English, was placed en t t e top ot t t e car-Broadway. ate theDate ofNewcastletoabeautifulsilver •tripeswassupportedbyeighteoluiansrestingonanprisegoblet,whichwasmanutoctureUtortheRobin octagonalibspedpedestal,thewholepresentingaToryAt r^-pa* twelve tte carriages ef the Prince and his Hood Riflemen, of Nottingham, England, aad of which pretty sight, and attracting universal attention ThisJohnJ.Glass,Foreman. Alargenumberoftorcheswereplacedroundthisengine,while on the tops handsome ealcium llsht was placed. This was brought over in the Vanderbtlt on her tost trip, and coat about $760. I t Iras imported from Lon-tte Duke to t t e lard lieutenant. T te gobletistspleimldpleteofwcrkinanship, being covered withmilitary fnfr1*"" la modteval style, and having also en-graved upon lt|tte coat af arms of t t e town a t e t t eofttelsdte.thrcaghalongfileofwnom hehadtopass, insigniaofthecompany. ThePrinceexpressedhimself Thisenginepresentedaveryplainappearance,having highly delighted with everything te bad ssaa, a t e te. no other ornament than a few Japanese lanterns; but thismired particularly t t e magsmeant sliver set recently want was fully made up by the fine appearance of the totte presented to Cornel Daryee by tte members oftte members. Theiruniformwas similar to that of theirparaded last night their new steamer for(HM very handsome, and has just been don for the use ot this company. One hundred men riage, while several handsome, judiciously disposed tampslattemembersIjewelry andsilver ware. Daring all tte time MoatarnExcise.OoarAirr,No.22,orBKOOKUS, familiar with by that he was in t t e establishment t t e crowd outside Edwin HUlyer, Foreman,remaioed undiminished. The people became clamorous Presented a very imr-c*ii.g appearance. The drag rope AfterremainingashortUrnslathegalleryhewastontehim;so,beforetearingheappearedon(hebalooay wasmannedbyninetymen,carryingcoloredlanterns,takesupvotheoperatingroams,where,singlyandwith andbowedtothemultitude. TheycheeredhimInthe whileafileofmenligU9duptheengineoneachsidei tastefully decorated. On each corner,while stationed rouni the carriage wuveryflne. roundttecylinderwasahighly EASTErrs*EuorslCOMPAHT,No.17,cape, black pantt and belts.Moan Birn fsonn OOMPAST, NO. W.W.f.Seartag,Feremaa,Amodel of the yacht Maris was placed on the top ofdiflewni members of his sate, he gave tte artiste s a in- her of sittings Firs* wars taken three Imperial groups of the whale party, with his Boyal Highness u the cen- tral figure. Mail was executed a rail length Imperialmoat, enthusiastic manner when he came out, Ha retired, however, and presently t t e royal party re-enthe carriages and drove nway from the store, followed by a tremendous crowd of people.The Prince paid paasisg visits to a few other places, which be was enabled to do with greater privacy. There were a number of establishments in Broadway which hewith Immense torches. The pioneers were also equipped1 with torches, and looked remarkably well. Stewart's brass band and the Thirteenth regiment drum corps were in attendance. The engine, which is a large*double decker of thefirstclass, was decorated regardless of ex- pense. A neat transparency, bearing the ibscrtption1' *!*, i ? BROOKLYN, \was suspended from the forward br»k<w, wreaths of na^ tnral.flowen were strung around the box, while towering above all vies the figure of sn Indiantheirowncarriage,whichtoworth all their expenses, wbioh. amounted to men wore red shirts and black panto,• full complement.aim LADDIR COMTASY, NO. i.J, J. Boras, Foreman.tte truck, wheeto, running gear andeachsidewithtorches,andtootedverywell. Tteen glne, which Is a second class one, was not decorated to any way, neither wsa there any display of transparen- cies. The men were dressed In red shirts, black pants, Ac Unow ESGWK COMPAST, No. 18,James Connelly, Foreman,Paraded seventy mearfreoejtod by Bcbertsoa'a brassSEVENTH DIVISION,thai division formed on the south side ot Fourteenthstreet right resting oa Fifth avenue. Marshal Wm. Backet a a i In trffflrr""'. *•"* **•* companies marched byas lOlloWS:—LACXKL Hosn COMPAST, NO 30. J. H. Arnold, Foreman.On the tall frame were displayed torches and an eagle. A signal was set on the top of the reel, which was creasedby scroll work, sad a small lamp suspended therefrom. A targe stuffed eagle was placed on t t e top of the signal, two tampstafront,ofblueand white glsss, surmountedby small silver fire caps They tamed out sixty men, who were the usual uniform.. Pxaaxso* Escisx COMPAST, NO. 81. Kedmond McMasus, i areman.Eighth regiment drum oarps—etxteen drums.This company r^raded a first dam JeSers engine, ma- hogany and rosewood body, superety orr^meated withoff t t eNsag nobleman of l i s suits taken singlyBaton Esciss Coiuvurr, No. 8, or RABWIT. Amos A. Deerkln, Foreman.- ~Falls. Itwasnotornamented, itoItselfsufficient. Thefullnnrnj t eat, sad wore the red shirt and blackBoas OOMPAST, Np. 7.,causedtbIscarriagetopresentaveryprettyappearance. Thirty-fivemenparaded.GcAhDUM KsGtsx COMPAST, NO. 29,Th«4ivisi* Termed on the south nhto of lorirteenthPaoncioa Eatnsn COMPAST, Ho S . CalebSears,Foreman.rededtathefollowingorder:— ChiefEngineerDecker.Eagh'tere Baakjh and Cornwall, special aids- Hrnsos Stems COMFAITT,NO. 1. JohniNaw ill, Foreman.has afirstclass steam i n engine, owned& tt^attMutobmastof mm ***** firemenparaded,Intheusualfireman'sdress.men dressed ta red ebirto, back panto and gla»3d caps. PTTSAMHoneCCWTAXT,NO.8LBand.lefceltohedtron the wheeto painted red, re* « ThesideiOfthereclorthiBCBrrlsgesreofa- —•*•_*.C-.M.9Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069A large giltttewas covered over by a Btalftoia thirty eigut fost the word "Mutual" {the name of ment to the spectators during the procession. Tte Man sad four feet wide, surrounded by atxty torches,Paraded creiitablea stuffed 1 some ladies.completedUalfona, redshirts,firecaps,blackpantsandbelts. NATIONAL BOBS COMPAST, No. 24,with lamps an^:Untitled Document^ ^ wilt ornamental scroll work; waning g*»r «'W *www.fultonhistory.comERALD.PRICE TW O CENTS.Eighthaad*Ninthavenues.Tte lievedwithblackstripes,ntewarn1 I Ijbya ,«newaaaiedwithheavyraisedcarvedategilt intheFirstandSeeonddistricts novel mechanical arrangement with circular Jetsof scrollworkrepreaeaiiagtaltps,aaa tte Inner edgesoffwith torches, maxing a very The carriage was decorated with whip, recently presented by \transparency riepresenting a swamp foxJACKSOXEteisnCOMPAST,NO.SM, GeorgeHenderson,Foreman,S t a i n COHFAXT, HO. fi. IF. Bonn, Foreman,Charlestown, Mass.WABHTSGTON HOBS COMPAST, NO. 12.SIXTH DIVISION., This division formed on the south aide of Fourteenth street, right resting on 8 xth avenue. Marshal David Donovan commanded. The division marched al fol-Thiscompar-had their machandsomelyg*andone foot«. ,withthemotto,Inplain,largecharac andSeconddistricts. Theyturnedout onehundredand tera,Hli dates its organisation from 1768, . by a semi circular board,Arthur Dougherty, Foreman.The house of the company la at No. 380 West Forty*11-62-5." It was also richly dressedforty strong, all in regular ffreman'a uniform. Each man carried a blazing torch. Then were no particular deeo- rations to the rarrlage.JACXEOS Hoes COMPAST, No. 18,William Graham, Foreman,Numbering fifty-five m en, presented s handsome s p .lows:—Tb'sUsrrxx> SIATSS Hess COXT/AST, NO 26. J. D. Williams, Foreman.carriage was* decorated with AmericanHOSE COMPANY, No. 5. : Raymond, Foreman,this company made quite te extern- eg both their aew steamer aad hosea n dasquiteaprize,theyhavingrescued' since. It. •Uniform—Redshirt, fin cap,and belt.tender af t t e engine was paintedbine, with name Manhattan and VOL on the sides ta gold gttt totten; t t e wheels are painted a cream color, withredstriping. Onthetopofthetenderwasastuffed baby elephant, nearly the size of a cart nVse. It pre sented quite a novel appearance, and ciused much merri-1oataboutfiftymen. Thesteamer pearance. Theyparaded inredshirts,black panto,to.,lrflniahed, and Is the same one that and locked watt. T t e carriage w a s decorated with aI with numerous lights, which, to i silver casings, made a very neat aa- •hA rtwimw waa th», silver carriasePOTJBTH DIVISION.In front of this engine were two lanterns, and over the boiler atargeand handsome bull's eyetampof white sad ana.EdwardWJacobscommanded blueglass.Ttewheelswerepaintedtabias,redendto ultramarine bine, the Utter richly hand. Arewefftomiaiwere|BBp8ndedaloBgtte hrakestCm Boss. COKFAST, No. 8, WsigF.TwibUl Foreman,ed by the Mayor- They paraded forty men. BcjauanHeaaCOMPAST,NO.20.M^^""AMBUOAS HOBSOOMPAST,No.W. Henry A- Thomas, Foreman,"Neptune'sChariot,""Commerce,"andThis division fornt«t nn the south widM nf Fuui u-»minipsay, which hasbeen running for street, right an Eighth avenue. Engineer G. Joseph weresixty lamps It looted remarkably wall, ate wasof lights illuminated the carriage, lowing order —engine. The men wore t t e plain uniform sad numbered abouttheusualstandardNXPTTTSX Boss GOMTAST, NO. 27. Matthew Thompson, foreman.A wreath offlowers,about three feet in diameter, was placedInfrontofttecarrtasw;asilverplatedeagle,and some toBBwteBBB sliver plated swrwU work, ailed np Ite centre of tte wreath, while mixed withthe flowers were, a large number of imitation diamonds, which, flashing ta the torchlight, pnriuoed a remarkably pretty effect. This carriage was almost lite- rallyoneblaseoflight,forwhereveratamportorchtruck in the department, paradedboystaredshirtsandglasedcaps, oars,whichflashedwith intense brightness throughCHATHAM Enema COMPAST, No. I I . William Btout, Foreman.;gear;brightcoppersirchamber,withisliverletters;thecondensercase aent;nodecorations,bofondthreehandsomesilver Turnedoutonehundredmembers. Theirbeautifulappa-Istos. Thiscompanyparaded onehen fiftymen. Theapparatus?ashandsomelytrimmedwith eagle—Columbia's ownbird—wee perched,flappingits colored lanterns, while the men oarried torches and fire- broad wtogs with delight, and screaming its hoarse notesparaded,alltotteusualfireman'sdress, TOWKTSSHosxCOMPAST,NO.If,James Tilly, Foreman,Paradedtaredahirta,blackpanto,te.Theynumbered FJiBates,Foreman,forty-fire men, aad lookedverywell. Ttecarriagewas Paraded seventy five men,ellprovided with torches.stuffed squirrel. T te display or torches a t e fireworks Drummond light ta the centre. Uniform, red shirts, finThe sides of the reel were look- Airred A. Donalds, Foreman,l of bearing torches, each man had a Paraded seventy m en, with torches, making a very this enstae and a aumber of stained glass lamps weretobisbelt,whichwasneatate handsomedisplay.The,apparatuswaslighteduponJudiciously'd-pesedonthemachine.Eightyfivemenwaistbeltsandblackpanto,eachman mancarriedacoloredlamp,InplaceofttelampsTarnish- gOtBCreUwork:brakesandrunninggear"f***;***-%j B#teg. their csrrisgewsa Illuminateddps ate surmounted by a wreath of Cowers, Their hose carriage wsa tastily dressed with miniature S t e a l of the company thereon. Around t t e brakes of,.nd light flashed Its brilliant rays from the banners of Britain and America, a t e brightly illumina- the engine, at intervals, then wen nnassraaa Jets of gas, machine;Themenappearedtoredshirts ted, themenweredressed.ndarkclothpantsandacar awppttodfreesaportablereservoir,aadooteocttethrough•eta inriHl * l t & Russia sheet iron,, the front of the boiler was neat y•a work; tM motive works of t t ePHKSTX HOBS COMPAST, NO * * . \Sm. R Chambers, Foreman. Tuner Band—twenty musicians.J.Cabin,Foreman. Ttabody of thooarrtoge M ^ Jlei shirts.gutta pereaa p'pn. Bp this arrangement the engine pre. •sated a rery striking sppearanoe. They ted seventy sentatheprocession. Thiscompanyalsohadaaixthis engine, which wasbrQHanily lighted npby tktotysta >ni«.rpite».tothisanytothe lamps,twelveofwhichwereofsteincdglass.Bereaty-on tne top w una wguw *•» OWMMM > irane, uu wnmn  