 ^.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069M' -ijji-jptfljy,-!'3.1 f au Ivthad^U«foUcw'.SuiiaaahegBtlnaed; the second day before sheldled 'iataMMandAre grains of Dover's pawder and one-every day was In the same room where she died.;such other information as, in tbf opinionservant,Miss Farriagton and 3 dsters, J.- '<Jtortfnedid not it up (rive;;and Important business at the time Mayor Tnaura Special Fund$553,127 02150,414 35 e, with mdse. to Thos. Richardson ft Co. Was 24 da. an aggregate of twenty milHoas of doUaia n>SbViMlMr eaw,aDd jB^tfMenaeb andmnueakr Ae disease for which she was30 81 98Trotter.Stezzts Opihis.—Atlantic-avenue, Middle-street,ArrlTed.PJksstcun—ToaeaagetttaeBanetvaeBrynngcist'i. <MD.iMb^id irttin^ingtr^-m Bark Native, (Br., of Yarmouth, N. S..) Trask. Ar- Nxw Pbssbttkbias Chcbcb.—Ground was droBSan 60 ds., with pig iron and coals to Kdminstoa Bros. Ezp<rienced heavj N. W. gales nearly the en-~aae toODd upon opeidng the chestlungs nigtily.aadnedIt minutelylaflammatlon of the brainwe came to the conclusion that the brain said she was sick, as usualGURNEY'SBROADWAY.exhibition from BathWash- Fawn,^hMi^ittai vpoi tiwtadyof Mn. Jtst absok,wouldthe proof against Mr. Assoa of such a nature as to ness and records of theDepartment,tbeconfusion,FlOTTK dull.Wheat closed with a declining'-^rtotflitealuai sionk abskst.OM«Mt CUtnnt, rf J««i«y CBty, commenced dSliw to fSTand I told dim fc stand back, tkat Iconcerning tbe other reaux, not necessary to mention in tnls eomnAiniea- tlon. Incallingattentiontomyprevtonsreportsandotbars.taswhoes dWtoetleB aafcjilfnwords aan an,: rmiiHrtill. iriM died TCry nnexpectedlj I;;ma^m;;tody, to await the verdict of the jury.;hrt. OwllS to some family difficultytA»; "- of deceased, ber bro- didnot It to her, sbe look it herself giveoffice In theever, 1 have endeavored to discharge the duties prop-OatsREAUZKD. Hi 'ad'n 'orriMe 'aadaehe OdaMB4ta*M|*. it^Md.of Jersey C.ty and D.by the last one.partment My tlianks, and those of theI3i 9 cent,COTTOH—Bales, to-day, 16,000 bales. The mar-that'ecured me se quick tbat I 'aidljr 'eadacbe.' iSmjmmrmm» IMa»-^JH* *^S?wSSldSl'^^Llast Dr. Booth was caUed, aiid; poisonno,tand watnhteedaltaorkmi?U he answfi!iaS?.^d mSwpowders;theylight-courtesy and kind politeness with which I have on all occa-$4 75e$4 80. Wbiat dull.. inofcat'imsaintmentka any ointmentas hia Glue, HeadCeaachaelslcwiFlillsse,oa vanisthha^ywavrer*mgiSi in July.by Dr. Qcma,are due to the gentlemen who have soerted themselves In the great work of estabUsbIngNov. 12,*•i^*J.J?£j£« are cSS^^bject,CITY AND COUNTY ATFAIBS.av oilSffi^Sy StTaTTiu«Kiket opened firm and closed at the outside ratesrtomach. The Doctor for herto Uke that nlgBt. tS^SSS, !2S5S« tte uert day (Thuiaday) wa» told well doHng the night, but thatthenure, refer to the many ordinancespassed by your% dlscoiuuFlocb very dull and nominalnown an/ deviation whatevwfissaaAa aala. teof the brain, and TMwad inthmlliMiaaay ba^TE-JS^-^^SmS^^S- 1BK^1)5v25p?«S";makes k2l2!?1iSd o*. TheBoctor left a simUar pi^ powders mixed with It ; CifiSTdS mnTSaar'^ti died of conTulsions. Tbe eight o'clock in the eveningnot sorry to have urived at tbe end of ray clined, __ ezeecdlagly —nmm aad if theyyyjS^UeMad Ik* flMt tUt death wa< not;the bed aodno other person in the room at the time; Ifourth-sfreet, through their grounds, was presented bymoney market unchanged.Apoplocjr, float, UsBBallJssmn.> aaidl *a_U lultsnavonsfom j^ Jtmymifiyiinl Stomach eanaatatlaf »uk litaiadU,'ff constUntiBf Waeii* SuUlaehe, lif"" HZL-i Uon~Ban putiealaily the past six months _had left ;up;and resolution50;bushels,white. Coaa advancedWhsat sales firm;orbotheyes,andsometimesprovokiiiffvot^nag 're 'told me that he had burned It Ishe mluSag af a local olaease, ulceration of ; It was Tory distressing to ber, but net par-:to this office Balance Oct. 31 RecelpUaaderdaagerooa?Alcott was also called In and saw ttepa-class of .Heada<*elh» iso ftr aa tbat was concerned,seriously affectbig the credit and stablUty stitution in which the City moneyIt would Bave been some time hence —ttwvi^aloekA. H.fiidaylast;and ;^W^i3l me had had an abortion•t Mom"aoh eoauneneed with tbe irst Tiait ;aof Harry Howard, Ex-Chief EngineeratS8th of October last I was called in,be "I did notfrom and after the appomtmentin favor of aimropriatlnK $500 forfiill-lengthportrait of the Fire De-I think the she hemotbageandpain,andtherewerethe deposits of the City,aaae tjMr1*i"* thbat lbuar statement was correcttold me two be- hewaslastatNew-YorkT he daysbeitthereforeBoard adjourned to Thursday.S —-— -_ taU £aabe baid gone some weeks over her time *a;certain of that fact said he was home all day on ;Resolved,specialand reportap- coimected withBOARD OF CODNCILMEN.A FUND rOB PATIXa STBIKT8 AKD AYSNUEB.A regular meeting of the the Board was held last York David-__ii«eadtlacooatlniied,andshecomplainedofagreatand did not to New-York gopointedtoW.S. Stockman,Kew-YorkMr. and Mrs. Sargent and^Hjl^gf ^gtieaabt bar stomach, and ooold keep noth- ^Thursday,; I asked,early of the funds of the the custody and safe keepingBoston T. ;;Hayman and brother. Nusangone with the Kick Headache, aad waate New- that same as relaived bar before." ''SkWh: <»»»** tbat conttniua three days before she1 was in It; Iamin the bureauof Interest thereon by the insUtution theamount paidJohnmast aiean 8^aldlafs Oaafealia Pma.shewasa i' flHaMMrJln tbat for a few days, but the pain in!WIngood."rSaU^Mi untblng on ber stomach;;(•~~'*«^5SH&of opiom;Dt. recalled, and corroborated the evidencethe Corporation Counsel to pre- pare a memorial to be subodtted to the next Legisla-F. Cooke, F, Ryder, NassauOr.Putnam,Vermont J. ;~.^|J. Richardson, Phllade^bUfSUiaStl) tbat&: again6. Storer, Mass.: Mrs. J. Hudson-';Mba ~she ims made these com- afromtimetotime,butmorepartlcalarlyafew to thatA resolution Committee to make arrangements for purchasing theCrocheron a Co.; Northern Light, Tinklepangfa, Aspin-nttedo not think "she was that Und of a wo- she has said to me, upon several occas*'ions, es- pecially the last time I saw her, I could say That noPCh.aMr.l,esetxocnh.anged signals with steamship Marian, forI;or tbi Stbxxt Niw-YOEK, Nov. 12, 1800.'to $3,554,604 Since the last quarterly report of the Col-Weeks. °t Starkey, - - St;she told me the next day bed slept very quietly that night, the powders were ordered to beBootkfof Dr. Quidor in regard to pogt-mortem, addingAh- seemtorequire.adopted, requesting;Cbarlestown, MlUcr,tirarT easyI flBBem fear boars throng tbe night; I told ber tines to be;;Oat I WOoU leave ber the same tmag for thatanalyzedand he manifested more anxiety than 1 badreceived,Mrs.V. Weed. Geo. Gordon, HavanaMr. and Mrs. Callahan, Mrs. Test, H. P. Jackson, New- York.think I leftber four powders of the t^ ber she must keep qnlet and take a littlechanged,SnacT DsPAXTaaiiT,\ S 5;Mr. and Mrs. A.Leak,CONSTIPATION OB OOBTNooneof the " many ills flesh is beir tn^ isle aasTfr.(nmsday) _.w_lai«n1,andIthonghttheirritationoftheatomseen him At other time, and said if his wife was any^^ao^l MMas aiiaB; Vwaa sorpilsad -to learn that she waalb the Honorable the Board of AUtmunplace in the Park at 23i accepted.o'clock this was aftenmon,off: she laid as soon as she lost the ef- fce^fSe powders the day before, the distress came:FaaacBKera Arrtred.In Bark Vetta, from Bmam—Johann Helmnth, Wil-; next afternoon (Friday) Mr. I aaldfliat every time he gave ber a powder matm want Jato ^""« ba deacilbed them as beingI knew the deceasedshe was my sister ;exnired, I now, \mder the Charter,_3 aezt mondng;bring tbe sufferer to an nntimelT Bnt. tba Aaoag;wtrw MOnlzlng, and that she was very much con-bouse, complainingtreatment she had received from her husband complained of pains in her chest and stomach stayed at my house about three hours; Ibad a longMoninmaHe«lacbe, Callc Bhraaiatisw, Voal HtmSSTOm IWaMiai v>efa AbasaBSI^ Osna- lffljl[|. Par- alysis, Hysteria, Hypoehondriasfi, luMaMiV aad la- sanity,firstIsdieate—theirpreseaoelatMMIaB'brtUavalsed ; be said the last one he gave, sbe'went intolastrIenpdoerttail. I in this communication purposeea WAna—«ars<d5a|yM.aoasctt....I told him twSi very strange, as there was nothing In thosemtnandoentlnaedsountil shedied;tery, Diarrbma, Dyspepsia, Apqpkn, T| alarming symptom. KotanneqiieBtIyatafc~^I tolMive tbat effect ;briefiychangesbusiness of thiswith.There have been drawn upon the Comp-MARDfENttnca flat effiset; she has complained bit- r ^loBCtlme of bis tmklndness toward her, andI asked her why, and she said her husband bad threatened___.llls'uitiiBaejr wlQi other womenwas out nights, andI sympathised wfth her, and I told her that he would not do It,troller, from Jaonf. 1 to date, requisitionswas held last night. President Kauvlhsch in theCleared.Steamships Cabawba, Smith, Havana, Livingston,a be came bome he waa very^ugh andabuslTe,glassllttreatened ber life ;J bofcra sbe died ; think she made the fii^ com-the control of the Department, balances;Kamak, Brownless, Nassau, N. P.,she related a good many BBMtanoes, and that she believ^ her bus-he;.... I^taha stated tbat dte woke up one night and found her;;to the amount imder$1,378,441 There remain of the appropriations01ballot boxes used at the recent elec-l^—yearormoresince tryingtopoisonber,andthathewould bersame. TheCorporation;;thetimethatEdwardwas Stteet Commissioner (viz.: from April 19, 1858,)Counselor submitted tbe annual report, from which we obtain the following1 used to advise with her, as 1 sym-factsStaziT OpinuTas in Paoeazss—Division, Third, (E-ond«,.C,..H*^. F.ler.swoun «h Cwo..; GfirarntdA Tfbk, BichmEvJcDl bernwUbber inher suffering :;:. Dhe treated ber very ISkB made complaints to me two days before L a^ within three or four days of her deathstairs for her, for fear he would poison herpolsod jbejaannntUIsawsometldngpositivetendingthatway uptoher" shetoldmen"o;"1toldherIwouldpaytheofficeofStrAeetCommissioner,bothtrammeledbybooks,accoimtsandvouchersoftheBoaidofWatermaSshtiepr.BicWbasrdt1o11w.e.dSctoottt,hiBsoston36honrs,inballastto;New-York Thursdayforgottenfundsaredeposited,togetherwith In which such City oi such Com-4childrenandservant,Nassau Mr. ;sure,bow,an<d7Da>veledit. tSmif*;whenjie remarked,giveit toher.on Friday me and saidDoctor, I depend on you knowshe hastakenpoisona and c<u- process, Constable-HAisicx took blmiiutotransactions, and the inadequate conferred authority;79c.'a80c. for No.2,;:and vou can for mebut I I have a fam- mirtiiiil llii life ilT of children, and would not Uke them to be dis-by the Charter and laws, I would not have acceptedCoai> steadyat5,000 bbls. Flour,;died, Wednesday;That a InvestigateCommittee of threebeat anIn steamship Kamak, Jbr Nassau—(Seo. Mancotte,over her with a small syringe,IM to Inject something into her' nose ; he had bis 1 went to Mr. Absom's house on Sunday evening lastpublic business.Previous to 1858 it was customary for the StreetSwcr or thnmb on herups, pressing them togetherCommissioner from time to time to draw upon thelAfte'Vinad tbem opof the as required by the Charter, and orders the work to be done, or the supplies to be furnished. ThewoSrukperoirntendent, oaftetrhethaerticelxees-,formallyvation by throwing up a shovel-full of earth.delphia.Schr. Sophie Ann, Smith, Providence, for Philadelphia.'CocNTTCanvassees.—TheKingsCountySu- SloopJaneMaria,Hall,Norwich ds.'; Se heart, liver, spleen, kidneys and bladder were in^eoramuch she had to suffer beside herself never heard ;forGlasgow.;secondly, all iKc s.)lubli; j>or-WLtksLefore the died said she went ;to see herprecedent madethenecessity to admit of a doubt.Cityconvinced of the evil oftasterenders it easy«rffM^ ^M«tinMr't;to be very modest, sensible, strictlyand accounted for vouchers, or receipts of bypassage;Always wpearedcorrect, virtuous, and a sensible womanaabjeet tb <*« Und of vomitingk<r; «M"fc deeeased told me that she thou^t her hus- Jying;sion,taadwas trying to pcdson hervaitorilic to poison ber any more than her suspicions;I aerar knew of her having a fit or spasm beforeSidgment,always accompanlssD,totain 285 pews, with seats for 1,650 grown persons.***< benever heard hersaid,_i taking poison for the last two years, to destroy r children;" IMld him that I did not know anything; that she wished she was deadthe keeping of accounts and making payments, is similarfm•jWaUk- e^MMoe Into the staEsaeh,or injected intocations of«old,andpass theirusualtimeant, take medicine to brine? on tfi^ir p*Tio ^ tUak they have abortioned tneMr. Beimettat his sister's head, and said Mr. Absom has got office,,this opposed in City,aotwlthstanding thereeom-BEWAREImpregnation;;almost entfrely unknown mI have before this adverted to the defective laws quoted:itwork was done." • After more than two;nhen I t oat again, he wanted to know if we had found; Mr. Absorf's daughter came to my house ana told meSchr. D. P. Bajles, Jayne, St. Marks 10 ds., with cot- ton, fto.. to Oakley ft Keating.boatfliat as I had never seen anything of it ;myTtold blm that we had nottentdbe hoped they would not find anvthing to im- aHata Um: ne ^)peared to-show consideraole anxl-ly report31, 1859, as follows:Schr. Mary Uankin, Bearse, Boston, with mdse. to J. C. Dayton.ii «»Y» nggot through yet;or the church, wiU be 90 by 29 feet. The complete, it is estimated, wUl cost $50,000. At thea certain cure tor Sick Binoas Headache,;hejhas they have four childreubuildingHeadache, Nervous Headache, Coetiveneas, aad General DabtUty.mUwben be care her the powders sbe went ait eimvtiUaBS, and the last one soe was still worse; .||at|p«k daiaa of deceased that night; asked him the oSier two powders were, and he said heMr. Absom marriedtendance of^jtej^;Street Commissioner a wrttteu re- forth the facts in the case, and his recom-people. of ScriptureSchr. Joseph Rogers,Worthlngton, Portland 2ds.,be gave no reason for tliis ; tUs very angular, as I have seen powdersmissioner or Deputy expenditure,necessity;IRockland < ds., with lime. Schr. Sarah James, Tracy. Norwich, for Rondont|fc-THbtr ibat I bad prescribed months previous" Isaid dontBOABD OF Camyabsbbb.—The Aldermen met as a Board of Canvassers at 5 o'clock last evening. The returns received by the City Clerk were presentedSchr. EmpresSiFamsworth,Sehr. St. Lnear, ThomEalsl,zaRboetchkploarnt.d o4odasl..fowriBtohstloimne..OixAT DisooTiBT.—Among the most impertaat ef aUthat ^iinliii 1. looked around to see if Icuuld find theage eidered the system of vaodnaUon for jiretienaidid not discover any difference ia llr. iiisom^s conduct on the morning after hisceuxtaimoinneosfthtehebill rendered tdoelbilvme,ryand if It Is foundSchr. JR.ubBy..BTarwalneeyy,,Provlncetown 2 ds., with fish.laao^^ulg powders;I asked Absom was present but himself lAaat the powders on Friday morning, and also onSchr.LucyBlake,Wood.Rockland,withlime. Schr. Bengal, Hlx, Rockland 4 ds., with lime. Schr. Eva, Tourgee, Provldenee 2 da.wife's deatbhe did not cry any;;printed form, on each of which vouchers certified bytheepreerriseaored by suffering bimianlty long forgotten.altertbeirdMeer-~;Absom said that when deceased was dying, he grabbed at tils throat to choke tiinvSatoxday;present them to the Board on Wednesday next, to which time the Board adjourned.Collins, Fall River 2 ds. Sloop Blackstone, Allen. Providenc2e Ids.A". Jo&a £. QmdoT, of Jersey City, testified aaairi" connection with Dr. Booth, on Saturday lastthe filled with dark bloodupon carry- ^4 oox operations further we discovert d severe con-had a conversation with she wished 1 knew or could find out where Mr.the voucher. "The requisition with triplicate vouchers—CityiCourt Calendar/orN. N. W.memberthe throbbing temples, the fevered htra.tba•apwested, being;weeks ut our house ago,is then sent w ith letter of transmittal to the appended a IsThb COCBIS.Nos. 4, 5, 6, 10, 11, 13,14, It, 16,17,19,20,21,23,25,26,and at the ti^tof Ibod. WawXBrtVf">« the stomach and symptoms of acute in-;Comptroller,_jtlon all round the region of the stomach\ discover no signs of infiammatlon in the lungstreasuryCfrcult Court Calendar for Itlds day—Nos. 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 36, 38, 39, 41,_Oey did not adhere to the ribs in any part;; and diaphragm were in a naiural conditionmeaning her husbandshe said no one knew how ingcate vouchers.tripli-retains one of the 42, 43, 45, 6.; ;the osau condition, free from diseasethe head and carefully removed the brain and ex-tbat she was afraid to home of a for fear be go nightoffice,transmittedwhich the expenditure;;Saturdaywas he triplicateGALLERY, photograph;a week1 asked him howJanefrom Liverpool ;Locbln, from Antwerp-f to take irrl- person any-^— gf the avenuea of fte body, bowels or nose,trial of this systemifwouldScbr. E. D.from for Philadelphia, Shannon, Boston,providing the substance i,,aettTa in*TM*!** to canse it ;operation.to the manner in which the books and recordswnl****" djtn -i!OKPHALIC PILLS, Onre all kinds of Headachei^-vadHTtea siato of flgugealc or chronic ulceration'.Jbced inr Inflaiuatlon of the stomachLtaa tfo«p»ch engorged with blood, and evi- 3ae ofaanainflammatlon through the coating,Boothwouldproducea effect; contraryanotherphysician Absomthen; InH.I.EED8OfCO.4iveaby.Or.na|roaid>t to have a tranqiilllahig effect, and werstotold my husband that he would shoot him If he ever'very proper to be administered in such a case ^as^nsofan abortion having been producedI sawit has not always2,000 Hearth Rugs,front 23 of store No.a marc, bay5yearsstrengthof tbawhole lyateai.saw '.plotted blood In the vaoina which a woman would bave by her monthly pariuds saw no distinctive indi-I reside in Bergen Absom's house on Friday, when youngatonachtning ^at would affect the respirutlvtj urpain wul'i.I;and every exciise for evasion andor asystem from derangedpoduee this elTeet to the lungswave a tendency to produce inflb-mmatiOT- -.ui'l can^es-very;WOduce inflammatioa jHSkofthepoisonistakenintotfieblood,con.-eq'iuiit-and ordinary judgment would seem to haveIn the at the very lowest prices. He cannot be;onlygrea-toingsa;talking together;;ino injury to the cranium ;;.>afas perfectly healthy, and she could not have bad bfen keeping ber;takeninAmerica^wasjnijWT' from disease of the braint as it was that same week until t;;when she was a of the Departments,of which there Is a file completeOare Slek Headache'^jrifc^cMdrenandpersonshaveconvulsions fromthat be was when she came down; angryof original papers in theComptroller,Highnesshavingwhile in New-York,Boston. _ BHacellaaeaaa.;to the office of the Bureau tinder was Incurred. These vouchers form the basis of the wholewe saw no ofsigns apoplexy timesher,Mr. Absom was at our house:;;mm SthmeauUsePofx, the CepffaaolrietPbiell tor reOat eoffllssdinbfmceamii QnlnlBe preveatioB revjwifilsi. Mea-we openedhave heard her her say she would destroy her life ; sayone of which is filed here, and the other is1 1 itTTrrtttriTumt ]H. R. H. Albibt Edwabb, Prince of Wales,;she said her illness was all on account of " that brute,"28, 29, 30.;wespent;in favor of the party to a receipt for the amount uponmoneyis; theeach of thefor Havana and New-Orleanssau and Havana. Ships Shooting Star, for Liverpoolno;Beriiiclt, .iJid reside in Jersey CityDid yon everhave tbe sick headache?Deyaare-ag^^ he ntt Us band In tba save him that trooble: whan I found a smallSJ, mnataral condlUon;recommendations, I take this "^-^ Mffn to had saythat,to the Coroner for an In- ;" I asked him if he ever gave her one of thoserespectable-appearing man,1^^^^^maiT. applied gracedtook charge of 1whatever success have resulted therefromstepped into the bapotheearies ban* earnAbsom said. Noa ;«,<-mortrm eiamlna- saw her take one of those powdersIf he everIs due to msJnlybush. Com. Fkiiobts dull, at 10c. onzeal, Industry 'e. '•mTte ciXeraccordlagly powderson Saturday I asked him when;He has beentlie first wife and fourWheat, 103,000tegrity of the officers associated with me In the De- Wheat to Buflhlo. Sight Exchange on New-York 'ard,;' says Eexeeedlntfy-.Titt J%: B"S."»*gbut wUcb, death i. a longmid- have felt constrained dling Ilc.eillic Sdoax firm at 01tc.a71tc. for to allude to recommendations made by this Depart- fafr to fully fair. FLomi quiet at $5 a3Xa$5 75 for; the expense;she said:You know the difference Injunctions prtaenting the regiilar and systematic Forbes. City by steamtng R. B.;he said. Yes he said that on the nigbt previous to her deatb (whleh was Thursday) he came into the m'S'ntJ'of a^Z" room soddraily, and she had got op out of the bed and was stanmag by the mantleplece with a teacup, she then went and laid down on the bed and said that sbe had takenmix a and drank it off" ; up powder;were in the room with youwife all Thura- daychild,Tomm, Illinois; Jas.Qeo.and Mrs. Adderly. Drufgi—tO—cYb<mso;dFerroamhaolnltdhreesceeciovneslidmearsaetdiioantBe, afttfealtltowrsaw"h^e"aafTrarMlBtsere- curs, and no person should pegleet to get a1ttx of Cephalic Pills on tbe first appearanoe of tSi iiiisnilaial , astheirtimelyusewiU expel the iBStdaoas apfSMShaa of disease, and destroy ttiis dangerous fee te haasaa Ute.:oommunity,premium. Nrw-OxuAHS,been accustomed to It, so it was thingasked blm as regards the powders left by Dr. Boothhe said the doctor left tluee powdersand leave to tender sincere thanks to theof those he said were of a;Whisxt firm at 16 ^c.which asfghtotbcnrlse escapecolorish-brownish cast, with some whitish particles ofmem, the President, Alderman Pxcx, in the '{SSZCtiM^Bigbtiand on tke foOowlng morning he administered the first powder; he replied, of New-York, In relation to the opening of Seventy-Hoes dull and veryto be remediea and its ;the President, and referred to the Committee .fi?!12. IB « «eritlir'''Si>d BBtanl itate. The he saki as soon as it was down It threw her Into cou- Roads."i1 I"lui!* otlieT«r-<»ened It was sent to bumiug paiirin'^ *•'^ "mil dilildiTniainiitnffTT-^ *'~iaskedhimadiateffectthepowdersproduceduponher; jHmamiitiA showed eridentalgns of vnlsloos; sbe vomited very hard, compbilaed of great~»jlplliniMiffliin>iiiiiiiissnnfliinrlnrrthrcoateats o'clockandgavehertheotherbottleasolrectedl»y Superior.WBkoot^ 'Mbisat one the Doctor, and that threw ber into convulsions moreuse of the Chambers of the Board to the of tbe Judges26,000and Canadian, at S5Hc Coxa salable In car lots, at attended wilfa Beadaebes. Anttmla aaalaaldte tfaoosM Us wife had taken jv tarUfi. The Inquest was held at inWiOatbeFtaBk Koad, aadthe foUowlsgthe CoapfroUer's Office Honorable the Common Councilsales 14,060 bushels, at 80c. for Canada Westpathlc Headache is auo very comsMn, batoa i_J7'&JM(kMiled—and business on Thursday, Nov. 8, Inst, according to the returns of the Chamberlsln<and County TreasurerBAinaou, Monday, Nov. 12.oomas on^ilW'iB;City Mills, $5 37M.the time;he then retired andgot up againCourt, for three weeks. It was opposed by Alderman Gmr, but was adopted.Street Commlsstoner.Thefollowingweeklydocumentwasreceivedfrom 67c.forWesternmixed.BaslxtdullwHhfairre- affectioDBwbiobfRenennjiiimsshiaLI asked him how it was that he came in between the boors of eight and one, and sawa Commissioner of; 68c. for; and Wribxt—sales 200 bbls., atMl —violent than beforeHoratio P. Carr wasDeeds, in the place of James G. Osborne, ofofllcehasexpired.Seneca County72c. for L,ake Shorelingtlisbed by the name of nenoui ^'-'tr*l;appointed;medicine ont of a cup t he equivocated asked mm in regaid to the third powder Dr. Booth:herInsideln South Bergen, in bis reply, bnt stated she had taken the poison ; InttaadiMl Mrs. Jane Absom for severalFlocbstead;Howard-street and Ohioat $510.00065 for "th-is c-'lass '—drinkingandlaotherInstancesitfiyesd,epression of spirits or acerbity of taaipaf.' to instances the pain Is in the troatot the biiat. (iTii eaebeasked him If these powders produced exactlyyouray, or where was you ? he said, " Oh, yesCity,; PenNdalsestaonu, Mr. Pendleton,poisonedbySpecie, $4,600.on 1hadthe habit of much going prettyWatklnaon, 2 and daughtersit was notOrncxCommissionzk,lent so little nnderateod, and so maeb aeelBeliiaB eaa- tiveness. OftenoriginatingineareieaaaaasratlM» habits. It is regarded asa sUgftt dimMer «( laaUHft conseqnence to exdto anxiety, vlffle ia icalHirltlaSa; I had been sick for some theywould have acon- time, and not able to talk to her concerning herBROOKLYN NEWS.tte powders were precisely the same as troubles tUattbatea; Ibad no medicine with me tbat long in this worldmyfirst connection there-Caaunon Caaaeil.A regular meeting of the Board of AldermenINTELLIGENCE. NEW-YORK...MONDAY. Nov. 12.tiril;imttafca im.mmconversation with herto refer to 'some of the modificatious andif we hadbackAdopted.The following report from the Street CommissionerMr. and Mrs. J. Hawley, Hiss Hawley, Master;Ad.derly,Jr.,W. theqnartber,andglvmetheFlUa,aaddaaHbe Billings, S. aB 4^asked himthe talents, and in-that has taken between you and my husband ;" transaction of placeCommissioners.Absom said he would have her openedyou trouble about that, 1 will have that all right said notliicg before me about her poisoning herself he said that she died of strangulation, and that no onethegreatmedical discoveries of this may be esa-Mr.Speer, Mrs. Maliison, Mrs. Robertson, and the hired girl, were present when Mr. Absom snuke about liis supposing she waa poison-regular accoutnhte is copied. The original bill is filhedimin hairseotffriacnes,maintdted totrtihpilsicDaet-ehad^een de- posited, by mistake, with the Coimty Clerk, a Special Committee was appointed to receive tbe same anded, Ac.are certified the Street If approved, theeyntered in the boyoks of thiseveningSloop Isaac H. Borden,iTENixa azssioN. mflOst.siorteinexan^inationonthebodyofJaneAb- Mrx.MaTi)h'.Bninett,sworn—1amthewifeofJohn CommissionerorDeputy,I made;I knew Mr. and Mrs. Absom; last saw Mrs. Absom alive about fiveotfrfoilcle,r andtahereSqturieseittCionmiisitshseinonderra,wfnoruptohen atmheouCnotmpo-f bypervisors will meet at the City Hall to-day, to canvass the returns of the late election.BELOW—Bark Diana, Grseaock 64 da.—By pilot boather Absomby whom warrant drawn upon thevaa of the CcDhalie Puis woald have reUevedieaiMKall the suffering which yoa then experieBoad. Jtemliaaacomplained;would shootas he had threatened to severaland Suite, now on view atBy Telegrapk. NEW-OBLEANS,Nov.lO-Arr. ships Georgeagoand accounts, and In Theington,; Rhine and Angast, from New-York;thisdaynlnofaltthing weredlsgnstyon (erpIeasure,eanversatloaer^a4y.his time, more partiouiarly nighte of being sick for a long time pastsbewhom thedue, and tills warrant is given to the party upon sign-Sailed.Steamships Northern Light for Aspinwall; Cabawba,;ofbed he said she had themselves are a record;;The receipted vouchers,Comptrollerand sends the other two to thisPlanter, for Mobile. Barks White Sea, Mary Beatty, fbr Genoa.Iaskedof all the transactloas moneythe lastat the Revere—made by Royal desire tin Luther, from Rio Janeiro;CBPBALIC PILLS,;Geo. Steers.— WIND—Duringtheday.;;gave me aeesbalic tia,*Wednesday, upin this office, and that of the Bureau imder which thetime to sitlittle whilehe said he hoped the next time she came down would be feet first, or any way they could get herCEPHALIC PILLS, Oare Hervoas Headache;Mr. Absom is ayears of age, and is in comfortable circumstances.steady.JteceipUI asked him what timelower;lected. Esadaabae be 1he said be was inspecified term of service, ud shall endeavor to reg- ulate the buslnees so tbat It can be tuiaed over to mysuccessorIngoodcondition,withoutdelay,when- ever be may be appointed.;lOKc, Albakt, Monday, Nov. 12—8 P. M.Headache Isthe stomach, and wanted to drink allAlderman BcoLi offered a resolutton to tender theRespectfully sabndtted, GU8TAVU8 W. £MITH,1,400 MHs. Wbzat dull, at $1 25 for Winter Red State ; sales 6,000 bushels. Oa»—sales bushels StateamsM.c other dlsoroers of tba bewe<s. aaweB aa ine aSeetlaos. DIssaassof the heart areCham- have been the case was a very tedious did. He said he could see no difference in the transferred from one banking house to another, and;the same effect that the heavywhitepowderWktreas, Since the appointmentwhereas certain transactions have recenty transpired,$2,188,000 1,881.117 50;2c.; yellow, 70c.«72c.; white,For the treatment of either reneving the most acute Pkins in a feweffect ; then I started to down"gostairs,said,steadyat 14c.ei5c.dtiU,atliir dlseaassoT vUshBaa^and he1 hope you will stand by me and do all yon can forTotal Payments»4,04»,17r 2,381,708WmsKT Oeeaa BlatlB.mlimtrsa^r sugaeatlon: kBve HBgered a kmg time ; if it ever me ;" I told him if hej he stated that he knew that she had taken poison, but;was I should innocent certainlysheI wasnot be was Innocent of it; he stated what we found onvery recently depositedWhereat, Assurances were made to the Boanl, that;Europeantheo'clock P. U.; I told him that wethe pdtt-mortm bad found evi-andwa o'clock A. K.dences of infiammatlon that mightproduced byInterest wottld be paid on no, such interest payments, however, been made thereon, to the knowledge ofpoisonDoctor, do all yon can for ;" have aswas laid over under the rule.such forehiswife wtilchwas hewas theBoardThursday,|at;deposits, yetpartment,Some routine business wasme Iasked-<bsomwhentransacted,when tbeBzisexT—Misses wantsyonto sead barabna(fla-som.asked meI said the Coroner had tapxuetn the stomach and Intes-Cityand 1,000 copies ordered to be printed. creation of a fund for paving streete and avenues in J. AmbnelUr, Rev. and Mrs. R. Male, Nassau, Mr. andhim. ArrxRNOON SESSION.Guard of Boston, now on a visit to this City, to takeJokn Bennett testified : I reside at No. 140 Little Montgomery-street, Jersey City, and am a shlp-joIner;:GnTLiiuN The two years for which I was ap-helm Damnann, M. 8. Ton Adelnng, Alexandrine and Leoni Adelnng, Catharine Probst.and companion of many of the mart Mai aa<I saw her alive four weeks to-morrow, when she came to mypointedber, leiS, havingappropria-Srecursor and anless angerons dlseasm,early etatiMIM it wiBto'taJke her life so oftentold her never ndnd, to go home, that he would not shoot her as he had promised to do the night previousChafr. Thetion were loaned the city by the maker.was presented and adopted, appointing a special wall, D. B. Allens about ber suqtlclon that ber husband would how bitter my husband is against Mrs. Bloyd, Sloop JohnJfr>. /ones—GoneDoetor, aUgoae: the pill yea aaatI coold not sccotm t for the paintransmitted to him for collection assess- ment lists amounting tosend more so tbat I can have tbem bandy.;she tboogbt it ?>as cauad being treated havingtween me and her the last time I saw her;Hehas collected and deposited with thefmoernCdetpbeamllicnPaUU:eaIslelsaodftHheaydache. fail. loAltntm'the disease, onwhile be was there "nkmi»A iiiiwaiil tTint rmililTi7tj^S^ttioB, was not so extensive as I had supposedI viaited deceased every day since the 29th October ing ;" never beard my sister say that she would takeMrs. Jones—1 ahall send for a box diraeOy, aal bMi tell all my suffering friends, for they an a rtal bU*tm§.there was some-tried and settled. A petition was received from Assist-ant Corporation Attorney, W. C. B. THoaaroH, askingfor payment of salary. He says that he has receivedno salary since January last, l>ecauBe the Corporation Steamer Bristol, Allen, Phlladelnhia, with mdse. to Counselor draws it ana neglects to pay it over to peti- Lopcr ft Klrkpatrick.;he replied, her own UfeSteamsUp Oolumbla. with Berry, Charleston,mdse.;;there have been expenditores incurred, and requisitions made upon the Comptroller, by the Street Commissioner for the payment thereo9f1,:_,;554, 17S 28 Since the commencement of my connection with thisE. Cnnard.to do and had ^ promised to do itit so to meamounting tohad promisedas hetold her the week previous that he would soon fixthis was what she told meluluecvj;. wJceinunuy .sbe said she Was afraid of drinking any gruel or tea that was sent upHall,CitrPoint, DanoanCc./^Hu^a^lfl1 told her not to drink anything, without Mrs. Bloyd or Mrs.she said to me, You know Robinson gave it to her **Weill, Mn. Mnes, how is that 111 11 Hill T Physician—amoimtlngfc, lojjMlfoy her; tbere was something verypecu- would not suffer her to come to the house if he knew lector of Assesiiments there have beenBedfordThird-street, (wldeniiig,) Road, (closing,)Klttsa. master.;Wavenue, Flafbush-avenue, (grading,) Grand-street, Sacketthe It ;" that is all the conversation that took place be-Whlpple-street,arren,Marcy-avenue,York,Union-!cured the in just twenty minntfe, aad I wiib yea teiMAbsom called at my house last Saturday week, and I came in29,747 77,524 3,049everything;ture, asking for the passage of an act authorizingthe;Hawley, New-Yorkin New-York his countenance was ;very much of sickness and ill-onlyauiaiiio—nn bat.she told me she did not think she would bemade inoffice since';1 asked her why she should saytian.<-— originate in Osas«t'i—pa)sbe said that she was afraid to go; home ;existence unlessj'—t*1HiaiWill^ad<iI asked him how Jane was, and Much about the same, always complain-City ChamberlainReturned uncollected to the Clerk ofButler-street, Bushwlck-avenue, Bomi-street, Brook-lyn-avenue, Fourth-street, closing Atlantic Timnel.There are 40 suits pending in the Supreme Court, and38 in the Cit/ Court. 'Thirty-eight suits have been and passengers to SpofTord.'rileston b Co. Nov. 10, 6;—Ar-afternoon before sbe diedmillli ; sbe mentioned some little circamEtauces one had killed her but her husband ;" about six have been collected and deposited withSSl about ber stomach—the irritation—that I couldmanweeks ago, I asked ber If she had been to New-York the City CbamberlalnSteamship Himtsville, Poet Savannah, with mdse. and paaaesgera to H. B. Cromwell ft Co.a* 'account for, and ! felt apinebenslTe of serious'ridtk eaosed her to suspicion blmone was that she2,697,199 0»;woadabasof ointmentin bed,withareddish castlately:she replied that she had not in four or five In various quarterly and annual reports, I have had tioner. The matter was referred to the Finance Com- Steamer Ironsides, Tandlvere, Philadelphia, with TwxNTT MiLueas or Dou.au Savu.—kr. flpaMlei " mdse. to J. ft N.- fcp» |lff«h«nJ came in and asked for it ;^^-Ipf anything about, and he threatened to killNew-York before 1 get well, go and see Mrs. Sutton, for her husband has gone blind ;" she told me shetion of the Street Department. ment of the funds in his hands 1 would now only advert to the fact that this varied General Fund:Ric.<iard III. in tow. honrs, pared Glue, and It Is estbnated that each bottle a^Biat;;431,875 04;she denied weeks; I made the remark to her, If you go to occasion to fully discuss the requirements and condi- mittee. The City Treasurer made the following state- Steamtng R. B.BFroirgbgess.. Baker, Boston X hav- has sold two millions of bottles of bis oeiebratal Pre-;;^8flOi; ; 1 asked therUNDS.This Board met last night, pursuant to adjourn-Body at the suggestion of thisHoi^orable Department,CurcrmiATi, Monday, Nov. 12.ralsUte;she gave; I thought but little of It, and told when I saw her the next tune, I asked her if she had came into office in 1858, was in an extremely disor- Sinking FundImc shipShip Bed Gaimtlet. (of Bostan,) Lucas, Liverpool Oct.least tendollars'wortbof broken fDmnare, thas i 'she gave it upaeae of Itto Mrs. Bloy opposite, tn a rag, and Mrs. B.dwvradIt tomeXrs^ Bloy I guessed he would not poison her with been to Nev^'-York, and she said no^ $71 1,643 61 Ship Great Western, Fnrber, Liverpool Oct. 6, with thheeadwsorwlidtshtihlilsgreater servlee bayndcntrtiag aB Ak aaMarw ould if she could get any money from -her husband;she had been dered condition, the result in part of Ignorance, neg-; 1 spoke to Absom, and he denied ever hav- too sick to go out of the h"ouse since she saw me t>e- lect, and designing "fraud, ana in part of defective Total,,gales. made hit Glue a household woed, be bow propaaia te ti;she shewas to the 30th of September, andAfter considerable routtnegeneralSub rises.... 6 44 Ban sets.... 4 1and otkera of like while traiaaf;asoften,Ship 8t lionls, Johnson, New-Orleans, Wm. Nelson kSon;;Balance Nov. 8Ordered on file.The Report of the Committee of Arts and Sciences;Faaaencera Sailed.plialic Glue—no, a bottle of Prebared mii liai tbiDklng that's not just It, naltber; 'iilinibiia ilTlii aftherkaowincwbstltls. Ye see she's 473iad aaS___, ^withtta llmdtbarasaaatwDPnwB »n'-HiAmL-^ ^Aff tbe blood, land.— WMBMiJ %M ttS girt -.TbeUeva thatTkey hare aot alw*t« **t^^i''f«B OUBL _^ FrtcaSOeaatsabox.have ?f."H**Kt *5?" "T «" eaacbt Julia (the hiredttee(-riaa*an,ko.tbe attandfo to wbleb tbcy waia eatttlad.^'ajZ*^^TM*" ttwKilubeiiiaentbem;-. ^J5Sn,?'^borton, wd ^hS sbe pioaared girl) aad Mr. Abapm togetber attbe slaughter-house, plan be adopted, and I have never ceased to urge (bewm jseabaM•^l^n S ihrbS^aaS, aid thathe had aleaiad It oat ;Bpaldlag'SgTaal^Baaaae&eremedy, tat KPTM2TM'?,,i?v^k;be said she kept the btaaeartbe canal;tfils was lastnecessity, for making the wharves of dorable mate- rials. Nothing has as yet been done. Recommenda- tions have also been made Bn-Theleadlng professors of medical pbyslelansandS^'S^n^'tSSmelTbe evening.Spring. adjournedstate that these Fuu possesslaqnest was notat 8 P. M. lastcoaUlelgegiesertks eaperiorto anymedicinal Droi>-bmby oomaon oMga aim they seem "nattve aafto ttaAmxiSTorm.abmh.Yesterday afternoon, Coroner GArmr considered I fully known tbe lamentable oondltton of tbebusl-IbrketabyTeleci«*k.CaioAae, Monday, NoV. 12.manorbom.".wife «l( Wh. laaoa, narket gaidener, residing at while powder, wrapped up In a paper ; he turned to warrant his temporary arrest; He accordingly issued disorder and trouble connected with past unfiuishea teadency ; sales, 55,000 bush., at 84c. for Northwest-"1do whatem Club in store.81c.®8Sc. for No.about 40 twice married, and has two children byBOARD OF ALDERMEN.business Itspresentbasis. I uponeresdaidt.haWthhyehadCOirarNICAXIOMtbohthistbextcommis- theCommotvnotbaenednIfavorablyacteduponfullyfine.Coair,70c.«75c.FbhsbtonCottonto^. Wedne nay u^^ ^^^^ ^^ complaUdng of a you give an old 1 8I0HXS—THC ABTISASS' BAUK AND THC OITT by Council, now, with great pleas- Liverpool Hd. Sight Exchange on New-York KS BzASAcna is the favorite sign by wfeleh talaiiherself I did ment, which havechair.A remonstrance of tbe Orphan Asyltim of the City siIonasmbeen treated by them tn oAdal latercoane.whose term Alderman Beidt presented the following preambleon In a state of soddenlyof a berlain, Vict A. V. Stout, the City deposits10at $1 37 for red andtl 45®$1 20iic.a2034c.may also be SI'an•s•a—^-mm•lgia.to this day, all necessary InformationBoard,mittee, the Interests of the City,or thepublic mayGoodrich New-York;about It, alther.Street Commissioner on the 11th of Novem-TheComptroller's monthlystatement ofhold the office until the cessor.appointmentofmysuc-tions, expenditures,lighter evils ef which coativeBesa u uw aiBtialladaatMywas givento state the present condition of the Department, and4 57 Sandy Bosk. 7 to | Gov. Island. g8»|Hengato... 10 01diseases, as Mnatluirgen,ant Fevaelreso,gDepartment, IncludingCooperB"a•r*k&s M r Dablln.O. F«. Pi,t1.t.a., TT.r„iyjTMiuni^Kg„F.it.smh-u,.Di^aMvX«vieista,caxl.fu-uf.ic_ui*,u. BioSto this date'themaimerofthe transacting publicto And has in bis h^ds uacoUected, assess-rears, assessment lists amountingments amounting toFrom the 22d of April, 1658, to date, thereI then said to her, Why don't you get another laws, increased no doubt by the fact that, for some On motion a Committee of three was ^pointed to mdse. and passengers to C. H. Marshall ft Co., anchored he would her,) but did not want to condemn doctor T^ and asked her if 1 should send Dr. Ludkins time previous there had been two claimants for make the annual exandnation reqtifred by law, of the on tbe Bar last nightI have been on the look out for this, fore ;;Summer, having previously offered to my sister tottia was inst before she was taken sick the last time, pay the expense of another doctor, when Mr. Absom Comptroller for one or more hundred thousand dol- broken, yesterday afternoon, at the comer of Lafay- tire passage.fSe 3tth October ;) she asked him what he was doing, ^td be replied that he was measuring ber face; shetook hold of me by the collar, and, ordering me out,lars as he proper. Upon these general requi- thoughtette-avenae and Oxford-street, for a new church edi-Bark Vesta, (Biem.,) Steengrafe, Bremen 48 ds.. withJI7 OvES-zzotmiiirT, and the mental eara aa<;threatened to shoot me if ever I came there againiron and 203 passengersG. S. Berchtel. Has expeanxiety; I never went to hissitions the pubUc money was received Into his posses-nowtowesterly winds on the bad oneCity30g)tl00 72c.d76c. Paovrsionsquiet and unchanged. Coftzs Cephalic Pills have k>een found a sure udof the in- Is now or has been07 53its subtlepower eradicatingthe... „ _j .,. ^ of a new custodiui ofThe ekaemailsfor the Parkshe was not house again until last Friday, when he threatened to persons to whom he (the Street CommlssionerO made worships ii^ a small building on the comer of DeKalb UrBtahr.k Exeter, (Br., of Liverpool, N. S.,)my wife was with me at this time; after the 29th Octo- shoot me in the room where my deceased sister wasficePresbyterian Society,whichrlenced;fromthe29tnofOctobv New-YorkinthelasttwomonthsRaiysmedenttosr.eceivemoney,Romanesque style of architecture, of plain brown to Giro ftshe told me that Btllber deatb sbe gave me no cause to suspect that he she had some $3 laid away in a small cedar box, anddo not think my sister has been able to go toand Insisted that the Fi- nance Department should make payments upon the;be ;properjarring nerves, and relaxesIn my irst report it was raoooaaeaded tbat soaeSold at <te Oraafeobatg Madlsal lastMntton. H0.3BOND-STHSBT, KKV^mSlerly ;may"Can hejtse ma of an .Jf^Kfn ••• you 'cadacael^to this and ra- and Carlton avenues. The new church will be of the 1 objected system,Mortimer,Department. Having undertaken it, how-store.Oats. Skipmenti—700 bbls. Flour, 168,000 bush.'ABDLYex- every part of this varied, complicated and extensiveMonday,membbeergs of the myCommon Coimcll for thesales trifling atlooked on as aease safegaara inieadsdevening, tbe President in the A resolution offered byChair.Councilman Shaw wasft Briofet!therequisition from this Department. This, in my stone, with a front of 84 feet on Lafayette-avenue, ds., with stone to P. I. Kevins ft Son.is the most important change made In the and extending back 144 feet on Oxford-street. The Brig Robert Maine, Bouns, New-Haven, in ballast on do not think she could have poison in her bu- manner of conducting the public business since my front tower will be 75 feet high, and the one at the Will load for Bermuda.;that it had been broken open and themoneytaken out;stomach whichdisordered conditien of the brain.and tba sgliaialw> Ilia afler her death. Dr. Quidor and myself called reau drawer without ber hasband knowing it connection with the dayDepartment.with a190 feet. The au- Brhc Zebnlon, (Br.,) Davidson, Newark, to load for;^« «»«»iin«» the body I saw Mr. Absom in another he used to beat her, and she told me that he ;The for the transaction of business, system adopted90 feetand will be Church, and will con-.„Gilbert Bent Howard, Comwallls, N.10** You that sbe has know. Doctor,has a at berpointed pistol sayby 76, PlymouthfinishedSchr.ds., with potatoes to D. B. De Wolff.S.,;have had with Absom was on account of my sistersimilar to thatthe Treasury Departmentof the General GovernmentIf seats for 350 moie persons can be adiJed. 'Rie lecture-room, which is to be located at the rearher mother was dead, on Friday momtogat Washington,my sister has told me that said the firstchild was not his;Fact woxtb Erovirc.-Spalding's Crahalk FUs areabout eight yearsafter the death of his first wifebreaking of groimd,there was a large at- Rev. Mr. EuiiicsoBr read amy sister In my house aton that Friday„„tt -,,.., Schr. Wm. Loper, Thompson, New-Haven, for Phila-;yesterday,all the trouble 1of the Bureau of Construction under InfastyleSchr. D. W. Sanders, Bnrton. Newbem, N. C, 6 ds., with naval stores to C. B. Dibble. ^ . _; I have known Mr. Absom "think that was about six monthsThe Superintendent of the Bureau having charge of a particular kind of work, or the furnishing of sup-Schr. Benjamin, Whalen, Eastport 6 ds., with fish to Jed. Frye.New-Yorkmorning the undertaker asked Mr. Absom what caus-plies, makes to theport setting If mendation thereupon.ed her death; he said, " I don't know, some of these doctors poison people on purpose to practice, and then Uiey open them to see" what they die of;" Mr.approved, certifies to thethe Street Com-;Rev.Dr.Bddi>iiii»ormadea withstone.;and was described In to your Honorable Body,tmderfirst datequarter- Januarynecessary,correct he has triplicate vouchersmade out inand As a number of the returns opened.Schr. Nash, Beekland 4 ds., with lima. Oregon,ef which Is a sure speciSe, whose beaefltapartment;if she had system paymentsMar- Maverick, from Havana; House, Boston, Oct 18, 1800. His Royal James Mostgomerjr and bark Geo. W. Horton, fromoffice of thenotcommunicated through Hon. E. Archibald, H. B. M. Consul, New-York, his wiUingness to sit for his pho-theywe found the when I remonstrated with him, he remarked that he this connection I take great pleasure in referring thither, and the results of uieir visit are seen by the Has received bat little daxoage.be of Sng standing; the disease<;^«a local tn its eharacter, not depending upon time, he would not provide for her or.W 'iwilil IIIfor any one;,aaT spedfic cause in any other part.ofthe -body; ' I^cSuequently It could not of itself have caused death,childrenwhat The books now furnish the most exact and710 Bark oftn conclusian, as we fotmdthe brain and all the organs of the body In a natural con- dition, we could not see how death could occur with-;•By the nse of these Pills tie periodicattacksofJTrrw-, asanywaysnearit; oataone great causedo not know of my own of his keeping company with any other woman; he gave no rea£on for saying that she would 1 was at Mr. Absom's house did not hear any conversa- he had left Dr. Booth and Mr. Absom werewe then directed our attention and for myself I would say, from the -.'jsMUfHllOB audaigns of acute inflammation in the re- ' aiomaf the stomach, that death must^have been pro-not live untiTchristmasand in connection with the monthly reports from thedifferent bureaux, enable the head of this Departmentto transact its business with a rapidity and facility No. which two years ago seemed an impossibility. Tidsresult has not been accomplished without close at-tention and diligent endeavor on the part of many ofmy subordinates, and to them I owe my warmestthanks..ta-tae stomach;on morning last Friday;707Broadway.pain and sicknesa will be obtained.They seldom fail in [removing thai ITaaaea aal tifas*;;J. GIIRNEYifcSON, Photographic Artlsta,we foundtheI understood Mr Absom to say that if he had heard what he under-we thought it best not to open theB^ b» to deserve it for future analysis; that day what was the cause of ber deathper 87}«c. per Ingrain Carpets, 25c., 30c., 40c. and 50c.•f therSoiBijdi :himwhere his sister was;The business records of the whole Department havt Mr.Absom been fromastateofconfusion onBENEFIT- aot tan wbat caased that mfaramation turned myself ;ofregularityand accu-A GREAT BILL wUl be provided. HzaxT H. Lxiss, Auctioneer.tt ndgbt be naodaeed by any corrosivebelBS taken into tbe stomach: the Dover Powders;women sometimes takeMr Speerbetween Mr. Speerand Mr. Absomofthe commencement Mr. EdwardCooper'smatohed.; tiie were also filled wiui tJl«/cl ; ^-l v- lungsTuesday lastwas she told Mrs. Absom slttmg up;giveto those who chooseopenviolationsetof hameaa.Ingoodorder. Soldastbeownerand safety withoat"Ud teecarried ttio then ti^e ihrougii lun?«, lotoorder.byBesrdiley, order._— OF cbUNTKRFEITSle of the heart, and then throlif^h.j'U the cifdula-appeared to be the boss of the Ahsom threaten to;andI; file actual efl'eet is through the blood ;the In-of the Common has beea mendatioa Council, neverSAUE-A SAT.JOitlon of the stomach is merelv locali-Ui^OB"i say that his wife had been in the habiFoflite ;;prcg-stoodhi-' long wishlalk of such hereintliisatHizah No.99Bow- ArtszasoN's,preventedandrelleredavast amountofpainthink tiiey areDepartment.if he should shoot him he and Charter of the City, and will here repeat that ery, displayedHzhzt H. Lzxdb, Auctioneer. _HV I,BE08 <fc CO. WILI. SEtl. KauTcOon on TUESDAY, Nov. 13. at 12 o'clock, inand saf- fering (Tom Headache, whether originating in the asr-;ail a.:rW p.ui»on<for the last six yearsmay be taken at all times with perfectU-^dthe past two years in order to cau^^ them butIn the LMislature.of this City,the.4 think yon asked him how lorn;; Mrs. Absom was twice within a cooDla not ve^i^ to^pott-moTUm,afteryoumade* iBportaatblood, Udneys, Ac,leaves tbe result beyond[ poison ? A,—He said for tvrovery deaf;A THOBOCGH tTOWibleefcrred. Onewith IHWnniliiiitalaeeoIfservicewillap-1w said she took Ihe last the j' be said it was a white powder, flaftmim,be(aidshewastakennsiva^ ; forlocalImnroveiu hithemode Mo.VIFue-VroofSafea,poison byyears ago, was very sicktive, improving the tbedigestivelorgans,'andrestoringthenaturalelas-;came on the premises again. Urs. Margaret Moore, sworntiat in the maintheCity has received anin equivalentNassaa-st,15JS bands high, beUeved to be perfectly;nearly every and that7In all harness. Also, a bay horse, yearsan-t cau^ fjrat last Absom said it was no place to ;City, In tenHE;oldest daughter toldIt;iIwash tlie ;even dlseoaseda matttorveryf«t;[r. i«f«illygi»aj^TBia: gSS"i'S"LSSe'^r,salesrooms.N;he did not carehe said that if she lived for any length of ofashore on Reef) has lieen fioated off. Triumph;the death of thas woman v-as in the ret-nTii ut the w.uld be serving him right was at the bouse onare fearful trammels upon a officer, they law-abidingastate of the stomacLdown deaththis was on the1 inferred that he hoped she would be deadyears' I am perfectly satisfied withgopictures now at the gallery acknowledged by the KZT Wist, Nov 6—Ship Ocean Star (previously re-kjoowledge'Bylet-ous or Sick Headaclu: be prevented m^;.irfADordenihOBld HSMBTC.SPAUMNO,; ;Saturday previousto her ;itsat was Squan,gotoff this morning.would say what he thought properanyhe said she would not live until Christ-Street no had ever been kept, Commissioner, journalon view, all the members of the Royal and thefr partybadly.Gordo except 11 bales— bales dry. Cordelia,;that he was able and would take care of theand it was difficult or impossible to ascertain thetransactionsoftheDepartmenthadt>een.Autographs. Copiesnowreadyon Loo Cboomaschildren when sbe diedfor sale of the Prince and entire Suite, of all sizes, from the largest plates made to theBoston,ashoreKey Sunday night,tion betweei^my husband and Mr. Absom;TOO LAT8 FOR CLlSSIITGlTKIf.before I got there;when I went theretA<TtrtlMBral.lFrom Auction at a Gbiat Sac'rificb!EXTRA NOTICE.MS. I.B8TEK WAI.LACKache to which females are so sahjact.'They act gently upon the bowels.—nmovlng CottitfstoodBennett had said up in the room, he would put10,000 yds.English Velvet Carpets, at $1 per yard.to announce that hiawishingprocureto theregard practical execution of work, while3 to 4HENRTwas at Mr.instance, conversation peculation common has been, sinceyard.Also, large,_ o'clock,waa there did not hear ;anyhigh, believed to be perfectly soundaad are wellgallonearefoUy conducted experiments,came onpOR lehandshlghHO!C.;toProminent amongst my former recommendations toConflictisnot a circumstancesingle has no furtherm,' she feltevtiy Wednesday, wasWng,use for them.I»»w Mr.Absom alwavskind to her;; think sheCouncil, andthe Common perhaps the most impor-obetmate in bis aad will Insist only course, sellingHzNarB.LsxDS, Auctioneer.Msa- chit-weakI havebeen to the house nearlydisregard them.Irrepressiblebroil.tr; she mewashabout five heliiojweeksago;proposedchangetooplainlAir. AbsoiQnever heard Mrs.house take her ownway stillA Cbbtaih Cubb n>B Dbofst.—Hundreds of...1o'clock to Friday last between nineand ten me her betweenSpaldingmotlier was deadnronoimced " incurable,"on tbe Box.'jSoId by DroggtoUand ABoxwlUbesentbymailPreP»'*;information,in every form ia which it can possibly be required, ecartet de visit for albums.The wreckers are at work cargo, and will save the fore and main rigging. (savtogI•ousThey are entirely vegetable in their compositioB.I neverand tiiat was last Summervital importance,casekS of confirmedhave been radically eored by Houowat's celebrated vegetatile PlUs. "rheir powerful action on the liver.she told me once ur months that Mr. Absom wasrecomBendatiana have beea made by my- self aad Mr. Edward Bwen, In regard to the buslneaePBICE,;heard uiy trouble ;dropsr«»«,peet CanbeseenanMleoM atgoTw 3d-av., between,she abu^i>gMr. Absom for going with some oae elsemoney cannot be properly regnlatod until this change isawy adoubt bthandlathita,Ha^.fea.h-llytorse toallpcce,she told me it was Mrs. Bennettdoublejand :t»»«««*' «"*• CENTS.WUUamBoviha.ve heard 16s. tAebjsUfoimed:say that Mr. AhscSdHW seesgentsof Street neiu as- Jaipro eats,ineludlngI reside use.\erwellfortbapast twpyearsof'theBnreaa•f qpidBtlB( Is^e^torsChampionserviee.wlllap ooraar of Fnlton;of this office are now kept. Previous to the l»thPrince, as well as the hundreds of visiters who have portedand now lies at the wharf discharging. She la leakingdid not hear Mr. Absom say25,000 yds. English yard.Carpets, at75c.toand husband out of the house some two when we called to see Mrs. Absom, whobordering20,000 yard.yds.the dlfficult>- arose out of my husbandother establishment, either orpublic private.yds.5,000 yds. English Dmggets,__- _ W1I.I-, ,8BI-I<:;for the money paid.;— — l^>TKOasbe addressed to;broughtchaos* to a degree clearness,racy that will compare favorably with that of anyWUltakeplaceonSATURDAY NEXT, NOV. 17.LiteraryMen,Stiulents,<IMieaterenaleaaad.aQ of aIn^SuSSeFit«ntentf, change BraaiMav, aafaarof kanay-atrast;she saidSiwaofcoDtf«et work, cbsagmg OltyBaB,Ife«-Tef*.ofof the April, 1858, when Mr. Edward Cooper was appointed seen them, to be the best picture him extant Alsobeenwhat was desired, still 1 thinktaticity andthe CEPHAXIC PILLS are the result of long faivestl-and fraud once soassortment of Table and Piano Cov-term of ers, Window Shades. Mats, Mattmg, Stair Rods, ness. Have been driven together,andIs and the anandal afiUrs ofwas as and expenditures of regaras af^iroprlatloBSise^fm-tillsrear 111 feet ditorium will bespire reachingWindsor, N. 8.„:ceipts75c. for Canada East.:The following statement exhibits the;GiSTLiasHbalanceintheTreiasury,Oct.31stultimo,thereceipU 211ic.'a21^c.comingand prostrating at once the meathis City with trap-block pavement.An Invitation to attend a review of the NationaliVMEag.Ac, in his ceived and ordered to be printed.Department,was re-business of no interest, the Board adjourned to Thursday next.areD.,) Downing, River, M3^e-avenue, Utica-avenue,A. X WUsie, Drake, New-Haven, H. L.portionprayermade an address, and commenced the exca-tographIn to Boston. TheSon.,undersigned Immediately repafred recently ashore50,000 peryard.egipetite, giving toneaad to t>igervery of a in the the tlte neatest and I-KBDS *: CO.of diet, and the absence ofany;tton they moehanicaJly ttie slomacb, auj; toll! Ire .-he was down in City about three tant, <s tbat change fiscal year. Established best, most stylish Hats and Cass H. WIIX BBI^I, making any changeact fromJerseyfTBNKTtlat auction, on TUESDAY, Nov. 1^ at Ue'elock, into adnmisler them Ufor theNevertheless it has been bitterlyhisways,andNo.212 an Irrepressible Institution.BroaiVight - ^wa-a•e•n"T.m»u«l"eUntitled Document;; after which, Rev. Mr. Cdtlu, tbe pastor,.to Messrs. Gcaitzr &!NO. 707 ofthePrincenowon —Trade supplied at a liberal discountBrussels Three Ply Carpetsat Gs. to bs.Begsyards wide. 3,000 yds. Floor Oil Cloths, 31c., 50c, to 75c perin old, sound and kind old, 15 <« hands and kind In all har-remains^iassrs'ssiisa TIABSOLD. rhegenuinehaveAresignaturesat 50 each. ^aUon, on TUESDAY, Nov. 13. at uc12aChurch and Office Carpets, at prices far below anyhaving been in nse many years, during which Ume they havespacfousttiont of store No. J3 Nassau-st, light bax-vagon, made to order and in good running condition. Also, aTheto the frrepresaible Knox, who still remains stubborn-strenously$1,««7,415!arpaatte/sales, 20,000 bush.,3Sc., in—44.000 bush. Wheat, 32,000 bush. Com, 45,000 bush.sales 1,000 at $0 50 forlight aad $6 70«$6 75 far heavy. Mxss Poax de- vli.: Byspotomatleauavnd.sales at $17 50. Lasb declined atwMh more sellers than buyers. Sight Exchange and of a great variety or disessas, aaiFLOtTB without important change sales ;at Boston, will The German mails, by the Eammonia, will close onby to-day IK li^Europa,W. Delancey, New-Tork. ft>r Havana—Ui. and Mrs.utton,Wlthans, New-Orleans, Robson & Foadicfc.'S—ch*o--o-ne"rs—-D-aviso—n. Ryder, Norfolk. M. BedellA REAL BLESSING.U. S. Corvette Camberland, Marston, Fortemonth, N. H., * ds.8,1 02 24 from Cape Clear to Grand Banks, with constant westerly frcm total loss by this valuable iBvenUso.heavyDenia Sept M, and the Rock 30tb, with wine, fruit, ftc,Francia.Brig L. M. Arnold, (Br.,) Atkins, Dorchester, N. B., 8:Kamak, (Br.,) for Nas-other purpoees yea sBosM always bave a hex «( (ksv e» hand to use ai eccaslOB reqahrsa.All the cargo has been saved from the ship Oerrowent anditiafearedshewillproveatotallosa. Herbottomia fast breaking np. ter.)and If takes ag the commencement of an attack Immediate rallat fieafront of store No. 23 Naasan-st, a bnerteaUe d'«t-^" - •KS'-.iim^incident to eleae attention to boslBeaB or atady, are among the nnmerooa eanses of Nervoas Hsadashe. The disordered state of mind and body Inetdeat to thiadistresaittg complaint Is a btal blow to allambition. Sufferers by this disorder caa atwayseatsia speedy relief from these distressing attacks by asiag oaa oftbeCephalicPillswhenevertbesymptomsMPear. a aqnidets the overtasked brain, aad sotohtehetseatabieoastastaitakaedForpersons snteiKorjp habits, they are vataable a* Zrua-of Beniyo""" Dealers In Medietoss.aaagj and www.fultonhistory.com 