 MEW YORK HERALD.rr. the/a-matoUOKDOIor* -ut a.(•I liTTt^ r c W a T ^ a a w j r y J ^and all of them, in*tead of plotting the ruin of their adversary, •*• busily and blindly prepar- ing their own. The true questionbeforethe country is, shall a fanatical organiaation, led bj desnegogwe, be permitted to cntamenns an sggreasfve assault upon a vital institution in the Southern States, and thus involve ton whole Catoo in revelation, civil war aadmint In such a momentous crisis the people care tothiag for the personal quarrel* of Mr. Da*is and Mr. Douglas; and each of these, in selfishly insisting upon placing hi* own perso- nal enmities before the *afety of the govern-latterly It ha* been multiplied to an extent which to as productive of innonvsAismoa ami loss to them as Itiatothe Nat of.thecom- munity.Hew Y ork Bssuwme*kip Arabia, Captain Stone ,wi& — Wttnostay for Uverpoot.run two democratic candidates, although they see clearly that the result of such an insane course will be to throw the government and the vast interests of the country into thehandspoleon of Irving place, comes next to Morelli. Servadio gave three performances in the even- ing and one in the morning, with a troupe whichhas rarely been equalled on this side ofwith this event, we have the failure of the trea- ty between our government and Mexico, by which the constitutional authorities hoped to obtain resources. In addition totear*etbelto**iMIo'clocktogobyrattrued,ead blackrepublicanparty. u »quarter to four o'o'eckto*goby etoemboai.qualities bad slightly declined. Breadstuff! quiet but steady. Consols in London May 31, closed at 94Jatoformoneyandaccounteration shall be so directed aa to secure thema triumph In the local distribution of officesmence In Irving place, and so commenced as sent contest must be stopped.Caesar, in an Oriental village, chiefly inhabited THB PRIKOB or WAIJW' VISIT TO CAKAJDA.—fought another man, and chose honest Old Abe for referee.15. PortraitofOldAbewhenhetriedtolook pretty and frightened a child of one of the first families in tfae county Into convulsions.We submit this catalogue in all good faithsag ef theaiden^ial campaign i* to be tomght on a rail, meoy,naeeaastoua,wwawntwt saidtohavebeensplitbythehandsofatmsaga. An interesting sketch to-day hope to give their votes to some Union ofhieUfaandserviceswillbefoundInourpaper candidatethatmaycarrythewholecountry.VL. —...I,- «""W withhim. NeitherDavisaaapurelysectional this morning."Great Britain has ever had.themidle. Theintrinsicvalueofthecentis REGATTASWEXPSTAXXS.—Itwillbewenby A/Barrow,Mr*rarkeraadtwashVeeee.Ma.candidateIntheSouth,norDouglasason*at of the arrival smd raceptionof the Japane» Em- the North, possesses any intrinsic strength. basey la Philadelphia. It wiD be In both sections tbey will range their opposingtorealizetheymustsacrifice fortypercentof paperthatwearetohaveanotherregattafor nominal value. Many would cheerfully do this sweepstakes, offered by an association of gen-Promam?oorrsspondentwahaveafuBaccountfromfact is (hat these •bortsighted poUti-to cease coining copper cento torha come, and to get Cengreas toalawbywhichthespurious coin ofthisdenomination, by which we areflooded,would*1w>nostCW Abe Lincoln''Waaelf. If he should be elected, this rafl will be of as much import- anoaaaamawfhsatinstedaartagraghaihotterof Frederick the Gg*)oi,and occupy an prnsainawt a place in history as A t celebrated hoots e f Charle*theTwelfth,orthegraysurtoutofthe Great Napoleon.The original rail, upon which the battle u to befought,was introduced tothew^s.asa^ew^eswn* a^ ^ *Cooler iii a ihaiHerable toThesteetsag to to be of ofthewill hethe e Itp aa speakers, fc******• ofthe teacherjdiaaieaed ideaoftnekrobtainingtheelectionbyState*,square MathadM Kpieeeptt ohateh vat dedicated yt»terd*#for divine aaratoa. Dr.la a huge aad aUaatfroadat the eiaaeof theservfoeaaUrge nbaarihad towesm awftog off the debt" rTwaber of ha#o«taMdaeWaai in eaawargaad voact oarthe disputed City at tad thetower for meat asanas.atto Southern flour, white theiDtent on local interests aloae, and too be driven out of amimlaUan, A copper ooin-muchheatedwithpassion,donotaeethateaoe agatoagreatsussmtrntisHnstothepoor,butUnion that the States attain their prosperity and power, and that the act of confederation is thesubstratumefallourlocalpoliticalsys- tems. A s a natural consequence of this state of things, the several cliques now about tocase do not accept S i Paul's definition offaith. Our doubts are not at all removedwhenwefindthatthecompany,Cortesi,Musiani ut de poitrine, and all has gone off toBoston, where there is a campaign of one week,preliminary to the metropolitan season. This and unless they are prepared to admit thelooksaaifthemanagerhadnottheplucktocom- completedissolutionoftherepublic,thepre- 14.Toothknockedoutofman'sheadwhoand spoils. Thus the Southern fire-eaters want by political fossil*, writers for the Atlantic Elsewhere will be found a report of the pro- The steamship Prince Albert, from Galway, May a national platform that shall make them the Monthly and astronomers. The modern Athen- ceedings of the committee appointed to make13, via 8 t Johns, N. P., arrived at this port yester. day. The details of the news brought by her hare heea given in oar columns.By the arrival of the overland mail coach frost long'as It is directed to the establishment of Sbrigiia and Tamaro, with Muzlo as conductor' whether the money required to make suitable occasion we have to prepare ourselves for thatnational and powerful party in the Southern States; the squatter sovereignty advocates from the NorthweBt claim that the national platform shall be thrown into their scale in local politics; the Pennsylvania a n d N e w Jersey managersians went into a state of excitement bordering upon insanity about the Opera, but that did not prove anything. They would make aa much fuss over the Count Joannes or one of #ld Abe's rails.arrangements for the reception of the Prince of Wales at Toronto. It will bo soon that, not- withstanding the show of enthusiasm got up by our Canadian neighbors in connection with the visit of the young Prince—their futureto the Republican Central Committee. If they the best thing he could do. He said that the party kuunited upon a aad agreed to carry tt, aad he dte est Me to stand out himself m opposition to ii That wasate* the substance of toe conversation which we had at 0> lumbn*. Mr.JamesH.amah waaalong wtto as;ft were weJk.ng down Broad street lo Mr. amah's hum 1toldMr.Coxthatbehadleftusia everyusptewa* ceudlOon.Q Be pleased to detail more fully what that ctursav ttoa wear A . I nave already stated toe whstanr* ef a the cMverrahou which we h a * at that time. I ss* Mr Cox nftorwaru to Washington city, aad had a coatum- tioe with him here upon the matter.Q. Has Mr. Cox ever told you that, ta ooasina— •' hte support of the administration upon the Each* ba, hehadpowerwithto*PresidenteadOahtaetoOoen' A. No, sir, he did not tell me it gave htm power wit* ts<President and Cabinet officers. QWinthePresidentatone,then* ANo,sir,bea*net n y that.Q. Jest state what tt was that be did ssyf A. Wcuvntofttoff to Washington about 1LBy Mr. RoBratos-What time was tost ooeversahn'By letters from our correspondent at Denver Citywe learn that the tide of emigration to the Pike'sPeek gold mines still continued. The news fromthemineswaacheering,butnothingofastriking clamorforatariffplatformtokeep themrightcharacter had been developed. A number of capi- at home; and the professional politicians from ever, it was ascertained that it was most admi- for the expenses attending i t There is no number of what his principal supporter at talistsfromthehugecitieswerearrivingatDen' NewYorkandNewEnglandtradewithall rablyconstituted. Thetwoprimedonne,Cor- greatertestofsinceritythananappealtothe Chicagocalled"electoriai"votes.ver City, aad were anxious to invest their moneyin mining operations or In city lots, if convincedthat it waa safe. There ware some reports of In-dian troubles, which turned out to be only someslight depredations committed bytobaadof Indianswhile under the influence of whiskey.California,arrivedatSpringfield,Mo.,yesterday thegreatprincipleofthegreatestgoodofthe morning we have three days later news than that greatest number. But when It goes beyond brought by the pony express, The news from this—when the personal feelings of ambitious JapanandChinaisveryinteresting.TheChinese candidatesfornominationareallowedtoem-completethepersonnelofthecompany,which arrangementsforthePrince'svisitshouldbo causedbythearrivaloftheJapanese.Follow- has had the greatest artistic, If not the most voted by the City Council or raised by volun- ing close upon both, we may look out for theand cheat all, in the hope of being on the win- ning side and securing for themselves the fede- ral loaves andfishesafter the election.tesi and Miss Phillips, are both worthy thehigh position they hold here. Musiani, thetenor, has gained more popularity than any feelings of gladness on this interesting occa- exciting events that it brings with i t A week other tenor of the robust school, and his C In sion.alt, has astonished everybody. Susini, Amodio- The question raited at this meeting was, and coincident with the sensation that she willT his contest and balancing of the different interests of the country isrightand proper, sofrom to-day we may expect the Great Eastern,paign.It la clear to every man not immediately quantity of old and new cento issuedseventhstreet,wantsecuritytortheprisoner.CBARGI or EtrsTStinmrr —A young man named Jo* at ail,connected with thb fight for office and spoil that as soon as the Douglas and Davis cliques shall have demonstrated their determination to win or throw the victory into the hands of the black republicans, by she nomination of two Presidential tickets, they will be desertedfrom the Mint It states that these cents are so abundant in the city of New York and the surrounding counties that maw* persons receive and disburse very little of any other kind of money. We ourselves know for a fact that there are many persons engaged in bu i-Mr.Ontawrlwhether I ahay mnuenoe wn» « • — fi.lf nyamtotaukptemf A h * Washington eBy, * - « " J T # ,like to have n apootoimeet t»r adjust two hundredto-just ***** two hundred ae4SW dorters worth of P#"TLand smelt down the coia into copperforsale if tlemen amateurs. Besides the boats of the aju aasjwwassjmu usmmtntAg^wa*aaa organisations,sadtheresultofsuchaproceed theytawanyprospectofthenuisanceabat- NewYorkClub,pilotboatsandcoastingves-i»««MasKafflrvpwMwrhitwillbetoscattertheelectoralvotesof I t s meeting last evening in Tflford Sail, in Se- the Southern States among BeU, Houssel* will be allowed to compete. The race is to come off on Monday, the 2d of July. The fac* of amateurs coming forward with their money in this liberal manner shown the pro- gressthattheloveofaquaticsportsismaking among our public. In a few years more we shall own move yachts than all the other counlM«1i«*. bis Lsreh sad eatld, sun K J Chum, Mr sad sue B ..ttlnfterbebed gone sbumujh toe eon*venth street where the subject of allowing the Bible te ha read lathe public school* of the city a committee ofrive—Bev. Peter*•*» Bw*m and Douglas, while aUing.Itwouldbenouse,however,tomakethissacrifice with the certainty of having periodical-ly to renew it, The memotiaiUts in the pre-sent eaae ask for a law permitting any personhaving more of this kind of moaey than heUntitled Documentknows what to do with to return it to theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Pjsti WTttark. J C'Srtoa, B W Those*Lerskis tbdlOmtkemallprobabttaybett*aosuue*of«»P- Idweakeabte staauMsf very****.with being fcoegbt if be had say •*prrrtousto the eteottn . la***t Q. Didheastupnyourauajjuaw -*P-» •» tim Central and Northern State* appointed to make pre. will ha given to Lincoln, through the dividing ap of the popular majority opposedJtsnssttu *«debidfcMsehej.oneiahu*.111tbc*l>cfl»*r<tsfs J a Oarr. tes Itehuwy. &<te.- w % U » S V m r W . « S m\±^^v^ThU^T^^Z^^«WW YOWL HERALD, •ORBA*, IWftsT H, B*tV Obviously this undone,• • i ii— i iiiin mmmmmmm A NewPioTr-osaitea mMIWB FROM WUEHOTO.*.which wa* brought about by the intervention ment and the Union, becomes an enemy of the of this country, fat capturing the steamerscountry and of the public good. They t i ttheir followers must and will be consigned tothe defnat and ignominy which perdstance intheir present quarrels entitles them to, and North and capturing San Luis Potosi and some cannot but bring upon them. If they cannotwith the sort of material of which the republi- can, and, for the matter oi that, all the other Tntoteawieked'aadethat sign is the mustriotta rail split by the *set aside the -unworthysentiments thatnow animate them, aad unite in bringing forward a ticket which every national man, North and South, East and West, in the Central States and on the golden shores of the Pacific, oan support, they are recreant to the trust which confiding States have reposed in them, un-Zuloaga endeavored to oust Miramon, and fail- tosalhtrcolumn. Perkwasarm,withman cupy,andfalsetotheirdutyaacitizensofthe ed,butrevealedtothepublictheexistenceThatrailiit ebaage ettotorabty aettve, at rates worthy of the Senatorial positions they oc-lead to its complete overthrow. Instead ofthis event occurring, several others have takenplace, which leave the two parties In their re-spective positions, but with greatly diminishedhopes and resources. In the city of Mexteoturban of the Prophet to the Mahometan.Still, man does not live by bread alone. Therepublicans have their creed in their Helperbook, and the* appropriate insignia in the rail-Theymight,however,gostillfurther,andcreateatsaswi,of the Kary; aa* ef cue ssSBBa destor* Sj herebymme*MATS or:Tha Iswtaolsg at Wl M« a MS » for saw sasss, at »1T Wfor o»a first republic of the earth. Let the people of a serious split in the church pskty.do., aaa new prime at t l s t t a a » i m aaganwere prepare to visit them with that condemnation This event was followed by the failure of fitting himself for the fret office in the nation age of seventy.ftrm.and closed at the roll * C advaace prevtouaty aefas sales embraced tee hade, too has*, which persistence, at Richmond and Baltimore, Jecker, Torre & Co., the bankers who hiveaad 10,000 bats of Manilla, at prtvato tortus. Sites of In their insane quarrel* will richly entitle them been supplying the Miramon government with 2,ce0 bags Sto coffee war* made a* I3*e., and TO dolieraaaiaoatprivateterms.Freight*war*stoat:aadto. peailyallthemoneyithasbeenabletoobtain. favored shippers, while eogagemeate wereIB ssdiuoa to toe tasttssouy taken before tot Oortit assist our friends with suggestion*, and we offer Commit** yesterday, aad published ta theobietiy to all op, especially tor liverpoei.1 too' Imaaltevbla &M«U of m (gnarrus atFASHIONABLE AJTOSIKBNTS—THB LAST OPBRA. BKASON.—TheshortestOperaseasonthatwere-These event* made the result of a defeat In the field still more critical for the cause of theto the republican leaders a list of curiosities, which, if exhibited at their ratification meetings, would undoubtedly create what the reportersparedtosellcheapforcash:—1. Handle of the maul with which Lincolnsplit his first rail.2. Chew of tobacco masticated during theoperation.3. Waistband of breeches split during tinoperation. Patch of seat ot ditto.4. Portrait of the man who stood against aKKhmoad and Baltianoie—Merit* mi memberwas oneundertakenbySiguorMorelli, church.whosecareer aaanimpresariowas,ifweare WenowleainthatUraga,Insteadofwaiting not mistaken, limited to one night Signor for the enemy in thefield,joined Ogaaon in theattack on the church forces under Weil, In thereeu Mr.Oest,saesnher ofCongress, aadanyefbu sswttasnta emrteg toupsuduauyef the Knsjteh bffl? •Mr. Wamuow-l object to that question. There eas ta »servesposdeuce spoke* of unless a is produce* Aunset grre parol evMesMO of <The Pinnus—flo is oa* of the |Mr. Wi*8U>w-No matter far that; toe wrtaag must teTUB(hurauAn—1 will auk you, then, wen you netensef toe tending men ot that section who conferred tegetou rt(suretothepolicyoftttopartyatthatOme.endlfst, had you any oonkreacee, either by errrttag or tersely, With Mr. Cux? A. I oorreapeuded aosne erah Mr. tathe Political Coaaplratoro.It Is daily becoming more evident that thepolitical cliques which control the Richmondand Baltimore Conventions are determined to throne temporarily vacated by the little Na- ner, and his forces utterly routed. ConcurreatServadio, who succeeded on Monday to the city of Guadalajara, and has been taken priso-KoropetD ma. a wlU cloee to (bis ctty to narrow of the fanatical and sectional leaders of the the Atlantic. But, although the new ma- feeee, it is stated that a ministerialtree looking at Old A be splitting the rail. [Old Abe told him if he kept on sogering there he'd never get into Congress, and henager's campaign was short, it wasnot disastrous nor Inglorious. He made crisis exists at Vera Crua, and that Lerdo, theThe Irauroui atamou o* TO H w u wttt be publfchsd So blinded with anger and personal ill feel- »»tea•eteokinto*mornjig.BU^osutes.tawTsppsr*,ingaretheofficeseekingadherentsofthese-aseriousmistakeInthebeginningofit.inMexico,isabouttoretireindisgustThedidn't.] duringtheLeoomptouesutroTersy,butIwishtomyIksatx veral aspirants, that they are continually ex- His company had returned from an extended point of difference between Lerdo and hi* col-of theIroofBut Eomoaorm BMUUJ claiming,whendrivenbyreasontocontem- tourInCuba,fromwhichtemptingislecame leaguesis,thattheformerinclinestoacom-iatonow*receivedbyaudiopdtelsgreph^ platetheinevitableresultoftheirquarrels, puffsfortheartistasfragrantasthebreezes promisewiththearmy,whichshallseparateit, during toe pre vtaaa w e n , aad ep to tfae hour ofB i w i i ^ The steamship North Brifba, from LiverpoolHay 30, and Londonderry 3let, with foot day* true cause of this state of things •among the great attractions of the troupe was a tenorQ. Who MMr. Brass T A Be was s clerk ta oa* of to 'departments here; be is a genttemon whose restoeeet «n 9. String of one of the original brogans worn m Newark, Ohio, but be was employed tneaeef state-later new*, passed Farther Paint aboutfireo'clock political managers is their want of statesman- with a wonderful high note, which was to as-yesterday afternoon. The intelligence from Sicily ship and national sentiment The class of men tonish the Manhattaneee as they had never be- to of a very contradictory character. One account fore been astonished. Tenors are like fancyatate» that Uaribaldi bad defeated the royal troops who now control the political organizations all aadhadenteredPalermo,whiletheNeapolitanoverthecouutry.NorthaswellasSouth,stocks-notatallreliable.AgoodmanyhaveSenateatWashingtonhadnotbeenreceived deepatchee claim the defeat and flight of the look merely to triumph in local or State elec- school without voice; others voice without there. It i* not improbable that this event willinsurgents. Later deepatchee eay that every- tions, and their broadest 4eld of argumentthing was going well for Garibaldi, aad covers only a section. North or South, and notthat hie reccesa waa oaly a question tfao whol* Union. Thfty forg*t that it isby the calmly for the new tenor, and is hisMexican affaire. whichshallnothavetheobjectionablefeatures of either of the present combatants, is begin- ning to prevail, and we should not be surprised toseeasuddenchangetakeplace. Theex- isting parties have brought themselves and the country to the extreme point of exhaustion,white child born in Sangamon county.1L Pine knot from the original hut built b yof time. Several Neapolitan vessels of war badarrived before Palermo. The English and Frenchresidentshadgoneonboardthesteamersoftheirrespective countries. From England there is nopolitical news of interest A severe storm hadprevailed oa the English coast, and much damagewaa dene to the shipping at Liverpool. The Liver- meet in so-called national conventions claim poolcottonmarketwaaverydull,andthelower thatthepoliticalimpulseofthewholeconfed-Uncle Abe from lumber got outby hisown bands.WhenthecompanycametoNewYork,how- sovereign—theyaresorelytroubledtoprovidediscard all absurd abstractions and go into the campaign on this grand platform, they will b e sure to win, provided Old Abe goto a sufficientflattering pecuniary success. W e have rarely tary subscription. From the statements madePrinceofWales,who,inhisway,willbejustasseen our people so pleasurably excited as by by the opponents of the first of those sugges-government had concluded to pay the English and bitter its operation and to create the feeling the performances of this company, and the tions, it will be seen that grave doubts were nerves should guard themselves against theseFrench governments their expenses, aad accede to we to-day witness, that the highest and bestall their demands. The Emperor of Japan, on the interests of the country shall b e sacrificed be- 15th of March, who* going from his house to themanager may well be proud of his artists. Now everybody is asking why the Operaentertained whether the imposition of a tax ofthree York shillings a head for such a purposecoming trials. A series o f such excitements, with the thermometer at 90 in the shade, as willpalace, was assassinated by fourteen Japanese in caute local designs cannot be achieved—it be- stops when it Is so good. We understand that would be cheerfully submitted to by the greatA. Ituesprettynoon aftertheEoghthb1!passe* Ia probablybetheeaae,mayproverathercritical notrecollectboason;IbadseenMr.Cos»*<•*•>comesanunmixedevil,thatshouldbere-disguise. The retinae of the Emperor had six men the suspension of the season is only tempora- body of citizens. When ex-Sheriff Jamskilledandseveralwounded. provedbyeverymanInwhose bosom the na- ry,andtoprepareforthegrandJapanesemati- stated that he had no doubt thatto their systemto hi* vitteg, and to to* course of that osevs*BW» > BTAsame A m i T - A s affray occurred la Koassvatt think he said that Mr. Cobb had matter hi a tafuu " StreetyesterdaymoreiagbetweenanumberofOraakea hadgivenhisvote.andwantedteseshlm.aadMrCxbt men. during which a man named Phillip Ryan v u stab- sent him word in reply that be did net wtebtehuwmyThe news from Mexko, with dates to June 1, re tional sentiment exists. This is the conclusion nee, announced for next Saturday, and that,ceivad by way of Havana, is highly interesting aad towards which the people are now tending, in after the matinee, at which the crush oi crino- subscription to defray the necessary importantGen.Uraga,the"crackgeneralofthe theNorthandintheSouth.Theycarenothing linemaybeimaginedbutscarcelydescribed, expenses,hewasinterruptedbyloudcriesin liberals, who waa besieging Guadalajara, was for Davis or Douglas personally, nor for theOoiombw.and this was toe*eon*uttern«v , Mr. tot tee ipeekiaiawultoeoeewmaoe*that teekoin W*beaten,andcaptaredbyWoUduringaaassaultonthe town. Another liberal force, under Gen. Rosas grown out of their own copartnership in theRobert FaHeE «nd Robert Bell, who were anrested oa sas-to the list—a combination offineartist- such as of raising the money was through the Common C n of being implicated In the affray, were taken to the be had voted Mr. Cobb sent tor him again, as e * <•Laada, was routed at Oajaca by Cobos. Land* and aremnantofhistroopshadfledtoVeraCruz, where ha arrived on the 24th alt Things are brightening for Miramon. We publish, with other Mexican aewa, the assets aad liabilities of Jecker A Co.. of the city of Meako.at Bridgetown, Barbadoes, wri- ting oa the 15th of May, aaya:—The weather hasweak and imbecile policy which animated poor PierceandbisCabinetTheycareonlyforthe preservation of their private and Individual in- terests, which are bound up in the peace and brotherhood of this confederation and from the moment that the two cliques shall have consummated their rapture, they will sinkbe and committed lor eumiaauca.cannot be excelled anywhere. As the city will bias,and 1 think he went with Mr OobbepteauWChangedforthebetter,afteralongspellofdrought IntoUrn condition of quarrelsome and con-his rank, but that no word of the cost shall reechhtoear. Whenweundertaketoofferthe hospitalities of our city to any one, we aw not accustomed to higgle about the few dollars sore or less expense to which it may put us. Were the Corporatian to hesitate about appro- priating the public money to such a purpose, which, under the rkgim of Boole and Brady, they are not likely to do, we could undertake to raise, within a tow hoars, by subscription,morn than double the amount required. We hope to show the Prince of Wales that, although he has no claims on our political deference or loyalty, we are not too leas ready to do honor to the future chief of a great nation, as wellis considered lo he dangerously Injured, «A Baoostrnrri or TROPsix-Eollin A GoodenougU, A medicalitudem,rendingatho.888Unionstreet, Brook-lyn, was arrested on charge ofijn, was aneeied on charge of sttaMng $900 from theofftoeorf BDra* Seavyrreess* Jon*e*s, RHe. 7TMBroadway. The accused ass studying in the office of the comptaiaants, and watching his opportunity, a Is alleged, epeaed the safh with a falee>kkeyeyaad abstracted the above amount When taken into csstody a key. whichftttedthe sale, wa* found ta bis possession, the prhmer was brought he- tor* Justice Casaewy aad held to bad in the sum of 11,000eome place* for them, Mr.CMtoM aw_toMtoaW toun torn* Urn* afterwards to see Mr Theauuua^Secretoryof theIaUttor,but Idsaetkaow-"ever get anything from bim or ast I think not kbow that be ever applied to hue for tt "Q Thlswn altar tout vote was gtvnt wn after the veto m given-whichatonethan threatened Oa destructionof the eaae. but during the last week the island has been blessed with copious showers, which has re- half the present crop of sugar has been shipped,aad the whole wfil exceed 40,000 hogsheads, watch Sat exoaeded expectations. The burnt dis- trict still presents a dismal appearance, notwith- standing several bandings are being constructed hut some time must elapse bafore the chasm Is filled. The last lot or pipe has arrived from Sag uud to complete the introduction of water to thethe Interior. Baalaam » vary dal at of the island very good.9, for many years in activecome to see the Japanese and the GrantEasterntemptibleminorities everywhere. Itistheirr*lation to the national party organization thatto-day makes them respectable. Destroy that,and their own merits, as local politicians aadintriguers, will not entitle them to the positionof regimental drummers in a national cam- houses of Congress has been presented tosomefirstclam performances. pray for him without ceasing.The ladies willTiraCuNT NUISANCE.—Amemorial to boththat body, calling attention to the in-By the Cauiaaua-Ite yo* know of Ur. Cex "*"* to answer The**** Rigaer, of No. SI East Thirty- be bad cfltaea ta dhuuuuasf A. I never beard tea."convenience caused by the overwhelmingthe Catted State, amy,sutee bythegratamaawnoftheconservatives,who nessinthiscitywhohavefromonetosix astothesonofoneofthebeatsovereignsthattor** hundred thwuand darters wurto *J**T* ^~ antldB*I*-ctalmu. He*atoh*Uto*^taaipteeeoould bsir % ase fromtheSecretaryofShe totertor JTT-*flee under James B**w»thousanddollarsofcopper coinage lying byfrMviMUH-tmssaitei Mratgomery-lOtt TMeb I ta* •?•*•only about sixty per cent on tie dollar, nothatier, MM M leriOe aa* two «U4tML*« I D I lirelleTnte "1 in eaarisg nasU""I wanted*»#*•" u*r»(hasanaJinhaOnMIsagimtsmtoofada- thevarywhich i* already overworked. The j£»^' aa' ^^^^L A. m _^_,IJ a^> #A».I ,' •waa, slrnowgh dtrmb, a awwotfolnrihe pointed silently to the and astheSeward men I from the S t Bartholomewa t Tname from Mexico which wa publish so-day shows that the civil war which is devastating that unfortunate countryto no nearer a sdutiou than it has been nt any toeretificattonpreview* momentAlter the defeat of Miramon at Vera Cruz,funeral o fthe glorification of• *h»ywho to evidently wellladen with material to enable him to take that city, Uraga gave a new impulse to the consti- tutional cause, by organizing aa army in theother cities. It was then seen that the ohurchvinely honest hands of Uncle Abe. lornofanimportantbattleinthefieldmightasfheTrueCrosstotheChristian,orthegreenparty wa* placed on the defensive, and that theablest minister and statesman of the daythe eossmnateattos* between Mr. Cox aad myself wen privateoonusuclcatioa*, gofara*thisQ. Was there net ^corrsspiaSoaos which was sets* otherside,"BetterhaveLincolnthanDoug-tropicalthings.The.primadonna,Corteal,wefromthechurchandgivepeacetotherepublic,byOldAbe. vatettatanumberofpeopleconferredtogetherreiton"Better have Lincoln than Davis;" or, from the which flow from orange groves and other nice6.Halfapintofwhiskey(rifle-warrantedto kill at a hundred yards) distilled in the hollowlas;" and thus each consents to its own defeat knew deserved all that her chocolate colored while President Juarez and others insisted on admirers said of her; but one of the continuing a passive resistance to both churchratherthanseeItsopponenttriumph.The andarmy,leavingthecountrytothedesolationthat such a course must produce.t*r A. There was a tetter that was written to s aaater of Meads there by Mr. On. It was brooghl there \\ i Mv.Bvaa*.When this ministerial crisis occurred at Vera Cruz advices of the failure of the treaty In theby the Prophet in his hegira from Kentucky to Illinois.partmeats here, aad during the controversy onto*to| Ush bill branch o f t h e Leoossptan issue he brought » la- tertherefromMr.Cox,andwewarealloonyuaedte*»•school; a third class have both, but are tend to hasten some change In the condition of by Lincoln, as a grocer, to the aire of the firstQ Weil, ate, what wa* the resaB of your Sstftwettest A. The result of our deliberation was that we tatefnpbst w Mr. Cox to oppose the Bagtteu bin.Q. Have yoo wet had cause rumoratetenwMh Mr.tot since toe r*asage ef the Kngtteh bUL If no, whatW to U, aad when and where dm tt tak* ntater A IMad•everalwinrsmeltenewttoMr.Oa*altarto passage ef toe Engiuh bin. In the first plats I hot a coavernattou with btes at Oolumhus, Mr Cox a m on there, and w e of course tost vary core about ta having deserted Mr. Doug's*; wo were afl ofMr.Bouglasthere,padholdourcountyState oouvenuon, and took vary dMttact aad ground* ta f*vor of Deugtes, aad Mr. Oaz bad bees *» mouthpiece, aad so I oompteined to htm that wt u l been left with our nhgers to our mouth* aad our etau pteuaathewalla,and1didnotknowwhy,todenauwa; out inatiucitlime h e h a d bJmauV sought, he bad vast aa he had upon the English hOlr Mr. O n thought * emspoiledb ylooseliving. S ow ewaitThe idea of a third party,pocket The Toronto people, we must say, do not appear to be animated by overpoweringA SEASON OF EXCTTEMTENTS.—The present season will be memorable for the unusual and£5,000 could bo raised by voluntaryPolice lktelitgewce.thereistobeashortseasonwithastillstronger thenegative. Finally,afteragreatdealof be*atheshoulder. TheInjuredmanwasconveyedte cuafereaoewithnypersonntoematter,becsa** insanequarrelsbetweenthem,whichhavecompany,ColaonandFrezzolinibeingaddeddiscussion,itwasagreedthatthepropermodetheNewYorkHospitaltormedic*!treatment,wattewantedtodetermineforhimselfastebiscourse***he full of strangers all summer, we sen no rea-son why the Opera should not be continued amonth. The Opera is the fashionable amuse-ment of the day, and the Academy one of theleading institutions. Mr. Servadio wtilfindit tohis advantage to give the provincials wh° only that bis reception shall be such as befitsBuchanan,aadtheyspoketohimu havingdostrata/ and acted properly ta his vote, aad ceagretolaws « • upn bavtog voted ta that way, saytegtoeytt^ojVJCouncil,andthattheiractionshouldbesub- mitted to the general body of taxpayers for approval.Should the Prince of Wales do us the honorAucmrra-Michael GaatweUaadJean TeaaJs,ladsabout atztecin year* ot age, became involved la a quarrelat the corner ef Christopher aad Greenwich streets, oaSaturday night, whoa Cantwell drew a knife and stabbedhi* antagonist in the abdomen, fcenu wastakesto the had nved the country aad the parly; then Mr residence ef hi* parent* and a doctor wa* called la t» at- said there were probably seme vseaactes te totutetearticlespublishedinanotherpartoftoday'sMVstMl.a••***•*.Owelabftel JJbeeper.J •wsuwaii A m suvrvw. vr^ur ssjpansI •«• very«a—-r,interesting period when their candidate waa tote cay, this naorutog, about half-past on* o'otoci. • m»a tremendous excitement in the rural districtsbyexhibitingseveralothersouvenir*ofthe era!oftoslutedStatessmy,diedatharsntaassnby splitting wood. We are always happy toBasal*, the following was edducsd — GeneralJosephH.Gclger,caQsdaadesasatoMaynaQ.Wheredoyoureside? A.InIQ.Whatteyoureocupattoaf A.Iamalawyer. voice, which a celebratedantiquarianIspre- Q Deyouknow anyUung about a nniisspise***!ee-callthe"wildestenthnsiasm." Heroisthein-5. Horns of the oxen who hauled the rails.7. Original tin pot out of which Old Abo took bis drinks.8. View of that grocery (by "our own artist on the spot").10. Half a pound of beat Young Hyson sold liberate upon it.12.Hairfrommaneofhorsewhowona race of which Uncle Abe was judge.13. Ditto from tell of losing horse in the same race.much an object of curiosity. People of weakof visiting our port, we can promise him not tend him. Policeman Barring, of the Nieth precinct, ar-restedCantweUandlockedhimuptotheTombs, tennis rteuwtmeut,andifbehadanytrteadstow*n****H. ammou, employed ass clerk at to* rum Avenue Ho el, was taken tote custody by detective Keefe oa Betur- tsy. oa charge of esebessltog tVO from his employers. The am—sd WM atoiigbj l u f i s Jostles Kelly, at the LowerPolk* Court, uhcre he was csmmtttod for ArrivalsOt LWATam Or Joass.Q. Stole nay partieatar* of onversatwaSODDCewsU.BLVsauyekeLGeoFBeU*,TUs|.J Kiuttvsadchild.AUThusUBCartBums iKnuonn,NewMexko, towMabould beta to bia oeahandtaeu:motefall,eadnothaveuynopof n y appotetonrnto» ^ * * T *Q. WuUynexi>tetouraBragur*»u»^^ ^ast l-Tts,*^«»*' www.fultonhistory.comOtem Jetov /arthe postmaster.. C>oule.n.miibMoa, w«hy/t<o*"^*^ a t 