 r.NEW YORK HHRALD, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 186U^RI?L1J^^_OAKTXBB0BY DuN-n BcmuMtiTw, Ac.H A l i .« 3Broad**y.-Sosaatroopsa prisonerto Turin.BTSICTRIPLE 8HEET\T M Haw*.The steamship Anglo-Saxon, with two daysproved of by the great Powers—i ranee, Russiaand Prussia. The relations between the Sar- These are tne white, the Indian and the negro.trict. No nomination was effected.1 he Breckinridge Convention of the Eighth dis- tr.tt nominated James C. Wulct, ex Sheriff, as their Cougreaaional candidate.UlMIand thesquatterMX* »QW_*V THXATXX, B*w«ry.-J*As Sasnr- aienB. The Piedmontese forces are in full fOO*WJ»0 0» 1"AR13-fore, have had nothing to conterJt with but the adventitious circumstances of social ex- istence ; and the theories ot equal rights can be practically applied with- out introducing into the body politic any permanent elements of discord. The vicis situdes of lite carry men from ore class to an- other in society, and tend continually to their amalgamation without lowering the standard ofits conditioD.But the efforts of these imitators of Europeanphilosophy to introduce its principles into Ame- rican pocietj tend to a very different result In the United States population comprises two, and in nearly all the other countries of this continent three, dissonant and unequal races.an amount of expenditure which the country paper? cannot approach. It matters not that they afford inherent evidence of their authen- ticity: the provincial editors can see in them •nly the home manufactured article.In saying so they pay us the highest compli- ment that can be offered us; for if we were to inventinourofficethesubjectmatterofthein- formation contained in the communications that we daily publish, we might set ourselves up as rivals to the ey bus and oracles of old. If but a tithe of what the country editors assert of us in this connection were true, the marvels recorded of the prophets of antiquity would fade into insignificance before the wonders that we drily work out on paper.Whether we are gifted with supernaturalpowers, or are simply endowed with morelAJUnnrs AJttBlCAN MOTXim. Bwadwar.-Oair aad * » H» Bajrraasa--LWM (Jnatcai-BRYANTS" MIKSTXrW.tiwBaoW HAll.€73 Broadway - BctuMtti (wu, DABQB*.*C-JACK CAM.R u m u i or KT.KWIAJ Ho***, BjA-aaaW DA*o-». Ba— La-uec-Atioa BAU. _____Btarcb'sipoB Rome. Garibaldi and his army, flushed with victory and strengthened by Nea- politan accesaions, cannot remain, idle, but are before this time, without reasonable doubt, en route tor the Seven Hilled City. The SardinianThe cMial "tow* ef canal boats dvwn vbe BeSSoa riverf » w to arrive restores? totwaooe, wBtu asmawaat re-«ulev«i iBe ssaptlM afbrtag tor eaie ot both nour andgram, lata esrewawaaaea, wito aaSsaoy demand, eaoaetfpritas to eaiaa wito mere ttmaias r.oor was prettyfrwiy StaU to, aa4 etosei at aa adrsacemsomAcaawet toatoa»i Wortera ehkpetog brands ofac aloe, psrbvrei Wneal was kasactive, bat closed and political organization.laton Electoral TicBet.Mr. James T. Trady. tne Breckinridge needed to carry the war Into Africa. HenceNEW YORK HERALD. JAHKB SOtDOl »*»W«*T.omen «. w. ooBBBa or HAMAV ana rcxfo* era.i4««rt<<Mi*e.!»•. »»t»faiajmuoi**ACABXIT Of MTTMC. ruu-teaato su*ei -ITAUAH vn- Otwan Babjrw,«»iripri«»iif C.500 bags Rto. <*as cold oa tats, and that cannot with safety be .applied tothe sinews of war at the very time that they are• nominee for Governor <* l*** ^ark% n" tbe squirming ever the new ticket in repubtican" ; ^ - ; : -i i - r u taitui t u r n* BIBLAVB O A A O n . Brt»a»», .-ITAUAS OrsaA-BiSKA.srumca itASDIC* . »»wwiw»yBOWBBY THXATRK Baw#T ~0»HJ>*«}A* **» t nr-Ai*ia»-Daast*aTa-Wa*i«c«. w TSS O u s .UAUHA csiwrs TBBAT&B.KO.«4Bomt»T Bar. _______private Unas. Fre»|h« wsreetcady, wito msiiratesa- our own. The people of Europe are a homo- gage mania.Mudience of five thousaod people, he made a violent speech against fusion, denouncing it in every rhape and form. ^li a, at aa advance «f te. a Be. per basnet Corn was tins, rita nscxtrrate aatas. Haas pnrk was dull, wito •mall aalra ot a«w nwta at ft* 2i» $10 87>i,aadof prima at SUa $ H » . Bt*f was steady, sat tard was eo- eaajitea IM£ars ware stoaay and to fair damaad, wito aairswSWtr.-.-r ,1.768 boirs and 'Jtftbaga.al rates f'.woAn attempt b being made by Seward, Lin- cola. Wileon. Sumner, and a host of other dema- gogues, to engralt upou our policy of national developement a series of phHoscpnical and ab- stract ideas which nave grown up in Europe,to enter upon a career ofserine strife that can end only in universal rain.THE llETROeoUTAS AND COOMTBT PRE38— Boou^ TfiiJBOKAPmc DBSFATCHBS.—Our rural contemporaries, jealous of the enterprise of the metropolitan pi ess, are in the habit of resorting to all sorts of sUly fabrications to counteract Ike influence which it naturally gives it For example, our telegraphic despatohes and foreign correspondence are favorite objects of attackNATIONAL THBATBX, OBaiHAai StT*«t-r*Tll*f 0-*B_. troops had already taken one of the Pope's gar-bit BAAABV—FoatCK«Sraouc.riaf'Deti towns, and sent the commander of thein a -otrw eiMuma. CaObewas arm. The cargo ef the where an entirely different state of society ex-stantially adopted. Mr. Brady hurried off toAlbany, and the next thing that we hear ofhim is that on Tuesday evening, to an Albany be held in this city to denounce them, nod toK « otwtlotiary MowwsMBKa• • Ksuwpe— Stwxaa.geneous race. Where social or politic*! sub- jection has existed there it has been that of the uneducated or the poorer classes to the more educated or the wealthier of their o wu race. TheB e '-denounced Douglassovereignty doctrine and the recent fusion as a cheat, aud called upon every national demo- crat to support alone the regular ticket" He said 'the Breckinridge and Lane party alone represented true democratic principles, and that tbey would ultimately prevail, when Douglaaum, Know Nothingism and fuskmism were laid in the du*t" This was on Tuesday; and yet only the day before, Mr. Brady had written a cool aud deliberate letter to the Cooper Institute Committee, proposing, substantially, the very fusion which he de- nounces with "DougLisbm, Know Nothingism and fubionism," and of which be said. "1 hope you will accept my assurance thst, if tbe terms I have offered meet the approval of your com- mittee aud the express consent, of the Douglas State Commiitee, many gentlemen, of more in- fluence than I, will unite with me in an earnest, aud. I have no doubt, a successful, effort to ob- tain at once from our State Committee an ap- proval of what I recommend.''T t MCiwtmeriac• * thel ,re By the Quebec steamer yesterday •*• * »two days later news from Europe. The intelli- gvnc* is of the most gtartling caaxacter. The Papal question has aasonwd gigantic diraw-doctrines of social and poUtical equality, there With them, for the simple reason that they involveHolj Father'sTheee movements had been strongly disap-dinian and French governments, heretofore of the most friendly character, are now eaid to be critical. The French garrison at Home is to beThey cannot amalgamate without degenerating.later inte.'igence from Europe. Arrived,at gueoet increased to ten thousand men, and General cipated countries of Spanish America. ThereyeaterdBj morning. The political news is of aa Gu?on is to be sent from Paris to command social and political equality has been confer which the exercise of either faculty produces Important chsracte-, indicating a critical conditio* red upon all of them, and all have thereby been otaffairsOBtheContinent.Conuae&UuponititTheEmperorsofRussiaandAustriaand losersiiamoral,intellectualaudmaterial u=.Whenwefindourstatementsofnewsfalsi- wil« be fo ad l_ our editorial columns. The Liver- the Prince Regent of Prussia are to point of view. Industry and commerce have fied by events, and our readers losing faith inpool cctton market exhlMted an advance of an meet together at Warsaw next Mon- waned. Religion has degenerated into priest- us. then we may begin to doubt the efficacy oft-ikh: . t<- a quarter of a penny on the trattsa ctions craft on or. e side and superstition ou the other. ©f tin a t A and closed quietly. The principal^ day. General Lamoriciere had concentratedBdvaaec v as on middling and low qualities of rot- bis troops at Ancona, where he undoubtedly Politics have subsided into the practiceton, flour was doll; wheat and corn firm, at lull of robbery under the name of govern- country scribes, other New York papers arerate*, and provisions steady. A telegraphic sum- intends to give the Sardinians battle. The ment Literature, science, the mechanic not in a position to treat their calumnies with mary of tae news is g'.en elsewhere. Paris Bourse and London Exchange are flat arts and manufactures have receded, until the same indifference. A recently establishedThe steamship Persii. with advice3 from Europe The English opinion that the revolutionary tide they have become the crudest imitations of the daily, and therefore the more sensitive to suchto the l«t>. foot, two days later than the news rc- in Italy is so strong that it will overwhelm productions of the European mind. The exist- attacks, contains the following from its Wash-c«i»eu by the Anglo Saxon, arrived here at an ing roads, bridges, churches and public edifices ington correspondent:—liVictor Emanuel altogether, and that the Em- The Pbiladelpfeia Ptrn^Arama,'. of Friday last, in a ofnotearetheethatwereconstructedunderthe pretendeddespatchfrom bere, baa the iBtp«rttnecne to BB change from that indicated by the Anglo Saxon's peror Napoleon will stand by quietly and let rule of the white race in the colonial era. The Ultimate tbat my despatches originate tn the World news. Tho King ef Maples had gone to Spain, office. la order to expose the bogus despatcbtystem. I•ad the French Minister had left Turin. A siight matters take their own way. As a matter of tone and standard of society have been greatly have mate Inquiry at the telegraphefflot bare, and am in-The same rule holds good of puritanical Scotland. In the city of Glasgow there is more of drunkenness and other rice thaneariy hour ttd» morning. Affairs in Italy presentchange hud occurred in the markets, but they course, there could be no such thing as a widelowered, the forest has resumed its sway over formed " tbat toe rw-v/i-a-.ian has Dot had a despatch eeat over the airea for many motto-;" and yet ti I.- dailyit is boasted in one of the Sabbath Com- mittee documents of New York, that in no other place in Christendom is the Sabbath so well observed—"it is like the olden time." England ha* comparatively emancipated her- self from this spiritual thraldom, and titerswere generally as when the Anglo Saxon left. Mouey was easy in London.New Orleans advices state that General Walkerspread revolution in Italy without its extensionto Germany and Hungary. Even now Kos-many of the cultivated fields, and brute force has substituted its rule for that of intellect.This attempt of Seward and his followers topubUfhiag bogus atu3 purporting to be tolrgrapbed from Washington, and questioning tbe gentrnenflsa of des patches actually telegraphed to tbe New fork journals Thave fartherImtrned that tbe dally Wcrlrf, Hmu.u>, Tri tnnt and Timet are tbe only journal* in the United Statestt.iu Coloael Rudler have not been shot, and would suth and Klapka are at Turin, plotting, no engraft these European principles upon our wbo have regular special telegraphic despatches eeut fromfci:Oi tij a; rive in that city.AD unknown brig, supposed to be the Stormthis city every day. So tbo column after column pah- doubt, another rising of the Magyars. A repe- policy and practice of government constitutes tithed daily is tbe Cincinnati journe** and some ot theTherefore it is that we are puzzled exceed-ingly to reconcile this amicable fusion proposi- crime is proportionately diminished. In FranceKxig K-rived at Norfolk yesterday, in charge of tition of the revolutionary scenes of 181S. Lieut. 11: gl.es, in 31 days from Monrovia. The brig which began in Italy, seems inevitable. ,the great error and evil of the blacit republican hlii'.ade^>bia papers, as writ aa oiber papers of other cHiep, puriiorting to come from hen-, are manufactured athome No despatches have been, nor are tbey uw being, telegraphed to aay journals save those meotioced. All api*aricg In other journals are bogus I hare thts from the telegraph oHic<, and it may be relied on.There can be no doubt of the correctness ofwao captured on the 6th of August by tho steamerNui Jacinto. At the time ot her capture she wastwo hundred miles off the Congo river, and had onbeard 619 uegroes, who were landed at Monrovia. not the*only one to be settled. The old battle, finiteaaimal portion of our population^ Yet The prize thip Erie, captured by the steamer Moai- often hotly contested, but never entirely won— even here there is an ineradicable sentiment c ~a oa the 8th of August, with over 800 negroes on of repugnance in the bosom of the white board, arrived At Monrovia in charge of Lieut. the conflict between liberalism and absolutism- to social equality and assimilation with the I-oaegan.and Germany, where the Sabbath is enjoyed ia a rational way as a day Of recreation, there is far leas drunkenness and far le-- crime and vice than in England or the United States.At the time that tbe Sabbath was mo -t rigidlyIntelligence of the progress of the Chiriqui Com-m.*.»iou has been received by the government.Everything was progressing satisfactorily, some of only an excuse for the rekindling of those the surreys being already completed.the rule of policy for the federal government, all its powers become converted into instruments of a war against the social orgauization of fifteen States of the Union, where four millions of the inferior race of negroes are held in social andApprehensions are entertaint J that the schoonerfet. Mary, which left Chicago for Cedar river ou thenight of the Lady Elgin disaster, with several lady but a better soldier than statesman, seems topolitical subjection. This is the burden of allthe speeches of Lincoln, Seward, Simmer, Wil-son and the active republican leaders io the are the organ - to boot We may well, there-something in Mr. Brady's letter and somethingin his speech indicating that between thechances of a Union victory in this election, and ther information of this period may con-altpAo-eagers. has been lost, with all en board. be in the position of Louis XVI. before the Nothing has been heard of her since her de- Reign of Terror. It was the intention of parture from Chicago.The Republican Con. ention of the Third Coa- the French king to give bis peoplejournals, with the rotten factions of which tbeygreaoioBBl distrht. at their meeting last evening,unanimously selected Amor J. Williamson as their carry out bis purpose he caused the Three candidate. No nomination was made in thu Fourthdistrict. An informal ballot was merely tiken.present campaign. All their harangues are di- rected against the institution of domestic servi- tude in the South They all declare that slavery must be abolished wherever it exists, and the four million* of negroe** admitted to e j/jal social and political rights.fore, leave to its tbin skinned contemporaries of the metropolis the task of replying to their silly inventions.* FIB3T Bl.OOO OK THF. IRREPRESSIBLE CoNFl.TCr.— We publish elsewhere some particulars of an affray at the New York Hotel, on Tuesday night, and which has created considerable ex- citement among the floating population of the metropolis, especially the Southern gentlemen at present sojourning with us. It appears that some ill feeling exists between the officers of the Central Republican Club (who have theirthe chances of a future reconstruction of thedemocratic party on democratic principles, heprefers the latter alternative. In order todrive the Douglas democracy to the wail, hewill allow this election to go by default WithCarlyle's -Life of CromweiL" Hume, the historian, says of England at that time, that 'the gloomy enthusiasm which pre vailed among the Parliamentary (Puritaai party is s-rrely the most curious spectacle pre» sented by any history, and the most Instructive,and the Convention adjourned.The lammaay Democratic Convention of theEstates to be summoned, and with the aid of moderate men like Mirabeau and Lafayette, it seemed probable thai the King's party wouldThis,campaign, and it constitutes a crisis in our na-a republican administration installed in powerat Washington, Mr. Brady, perhaps, imagines as well as entertaining, to a philosophicalThe presentpiaspect of European affairs ishere a homogeneous race.The Indian hasindeeda c n w l ione. ThePapalquestionisdisappeared,and thenegroconstitutesan in-is to be fought over again. The question as to black. But in making the European theoriesthe committee could not meet his demands to observed in Scotland and England, then didthe very letter? We cannot say; but it is possi- hypocrisy and every vice must abound. Inble that he shaped his letter to meet the con- 1650. the Scotch Puritan? are described by the templated contingency ot bis speech. tistoriars BFindulging io '-much falsehood andMysterious and inscrutable to plain dealing cheating." and "there was daily hanging,the poor old Pope and his temporal power isfires which burst out in France in 1789 and in Italy in 1S-18. Victor Emanuel, a good king,men are the tortuous courses of the profession-all theycouldreasonablydesire. Tothen,selecting a candidate for Congress from that dis- weather the storm. But the Jacobins swept tional existence, and a danger for our futureI .ghth district met last evening for the purpose ofthat the fragments of the broken democracy will come together again, tbat the Southern wirgof the party will dictate the law of its reconstruction, and that, in this event, the Northern Breckinridge men will be admitted to front seats, while the Douglas men. to be ad- mitted at all, must be satisfied to abandon the "Little Giant'' to the winds and waves.everything before them, and deluged Francewith the blood of Frenchmen. Today Victor prefsibie conflict,'' not between individuals orhave selected Abraham Wakeman as their candi- republicans. They have their secret clubs all in its possession, and society itself in the South. date f«j.- Congress.Emanuel is Lcuis XVL; Garibaldi is the La-The Republican Convention of the Eighth district fayette of the hour. The Jacobins are the red North, with all the powers of the governmentThe enaual Proteitant Episcopal Convention was over the Continent. When the tocsin sounds convened yesterday at St. John's chapel, Vtrick sansculottes by the hundred thousand will street. Bight Rev. Bishop Potter, of this diocesa, spring to their arms. War, rapine, carnage and presided. Among the notabilities present was theLord BuLop of Victoria. Australia. The sermon anarchy will *ule the hour.was preached by Rev. Dr. Coit, ot Troy. "<A.f}& Let us look for a moment at the field. As orgsnizmg, the Convention adjourned until nhieo'clock thk(Thursday) morning, at the samsplace. our readers are already aware, there have beenThie is the difficulty between the Breekin of old. The Upas tree must be rooted up t>e-The Commissioner* of Emigration held their the most serious difficulties in the way of the weekly meeting yesterday. They adopted a reso- statesmen who are endeavoring to reconstruct lution increasing the salary of Mr. Devlin, th«co_~*l ol the Board, irom 11.500 to *-V>00 a year.A cormnv.nicatlon wan received from Dr. (limn, in into a homogeneous kingdom, over whichJVieior aaawer to the directions of the Board, concerning Emanuel hopes to reign as constitutional mo- the issuing of permits to parties entering the Qnar-B3--ie proonds, expressive of his regret that the narch. Austrian influence Is still potent, and CommLwooera had seen lit to adopt a course re-garding the pawage of persona tluongh thAgrounds which would inevitably create much dts-»3U-facttoa in the public mind and lead to no cepting England, to keep Italy hopeless andgood, hot perhaps to some hostile demonstration, j disorganized; for the moment that Italy is freeA reply to the communication from the routi-ne, oi the Board was read, stating that parties j Hungary rises in revolution, and ail Europe ishave no right to eater the Qaarantise grounds j plunged into a general war.with Lincoln's election, all the parties and fac nations for Congress tn the metropolitan diethe governments of Italy and to mould themtiens of tbe day may be engulfed as in a sweeping storm at sea. The democratic partygold wins a passage where the bayonet failed. It is clearly the policy <»f the great Powers, ex-sented by men not one of whom embodie- the anti-slavery, abolition sentiment, though theywhea they are not visiters, or when they arc cot jowners of the property; thai the Board do cot ap- j Thus the signs of the times point towards them to equal social and political privileges.Brady, who mulcted the prisoner in five dollarsfine. The whole affair was a most disgracefulone, and will tend to bring the Wide Awake meets the necessities of the crisis. Mr. Brady shall have a different story to telL In almost organization into disrepute. No matter what cannot comprehend it, or be has his little per- every district the democrats have two or three might have been the provocation, these irre- sonal difficulties to Bettle, of which he ought to different tickets. They have a Douglas ticket, a sponsible persons had no possible right to com- be ashamed, in view of his duties to the coun- Breckinridge ticket, and very often an addi- mence an indisciimiuate attack upon the people try. For good or evil, this Presidential con- tional ticket of some other complexion. Itprove of having political parades on the ground* . g:eat events in Europe. Thrones are already The processes by which that triumph would be©< the Bute committed to their charge, nor of i tottering, uud kings will soon fall; old systems having pa t.aa indiscriminately passing through jobtained are equally dangerous to our national iexistence and developement. We are told that j in front of the hotel. It is for the police, great test means a mighty revolution, aud it canseems that the fatality of the quarrelsome die-Isaac Beil'o wSl was admitted to probate by the ;EsiTOgate • Court yesterday. The testator waa ! ful. It niuy oe postponed for a time, but aa with ihe countenance of the government; that itic ranks at Charleston and Baltimore, and la- Know Nothing faction are gone, and the democra-w/heliy among the members or lue owa family. j The beef cattle market was anuauaily dull yeainsurrection have burst out all over Southerntrrday, and prices were about half a cent per Eoj0P«t by any arrival, however early. Mean- EKwnd lower oa all grades. The bulk of the ofifer-cowsweresteady. \\>*1calveswereingooddo- ^prosperity,wiUwatchwitheager«y«and aid. Cananymancontemplate thepossibility!heissolicitousfortheinterestsofBreckinridge.determination on the part of the North to abolish money in the usual way, the leaders, under tbe ! slavery and destroy the interests of the South idea of certain success, spent their fund.- in or- ' at all hazards, even to the point of insurrectionmaad, and lite market was buoyant. Sheep and lambs were ta request, and prices advanced 25c. s 87c. per head. Swine were steady at Sc. a tJ|c. per poand. The total receipts for the week were as***fcs heart, fcrfci,^^ drama in which the to^o f t h a t grandfoUaw* : —5dtT6 beaves. IU cowa, 59c veals, ItfrU ^decided, and old time despotisms are to beYork, Pennsylvania and Now Jersey are now candidates. Bell, Breckinridge and Doug! is.purpose of placing themselves on the line of In tbe face of this alarming state of affairs,aaoep and lambs, and 7,%3 awiae.replaced b , better an* p u r w fonm o fmeatcalled npo" to foresee and to prevent It is § whom he calls the "hucksters of New York.'' safe precedence for some fat office. The result what madness it is to split np the ranks of the mighty crisis in onr national existence. In each This fusion will be the death of Thurlow. But is, they now find themselves, just as the heat of opposition into two or three diferentof these States wise men, with a view to our he is not alone in his denunciation of the Union the battle is commenced, with almost empty parts, as our democratic politicians arelaw OBUBB atarASt was ana jratterOay. wtitisakA^ awtweea -.AW aas S,«w baiab, CMtiag sUt on Uw basis of IBJ^c tor mSUliag ufteatls Alter Uw>racai^ ; m,-The struggle will be a fearful one, but J result will be favoxabU to theo f Emop9„9totable results' j fusion just co«<\ed by the Cooper Institute Com-These are what the conservative men of New ! mute and the iriends of the other opposition ganizing and equipping the Wide Awakes, for the and civil war.The Great Crista o« ttoe KBtlaB-TM Vr*««nt MB* Cms •"•••*••private wishes on minor points to secure tne great good of the defeat of Lincoln. This is the great point of the present campaign, and itThe issue of the present political campaign terms a crista in the policy and progress of our national developement fraught with present disaster and future ruin to w r whole fecialeft the conservative wishes of the Breckinridge men. the Bell men and the Douglas met will all he blasted, and the whole country will pause in its hitherto prosperous developementagreed npon the other day by the specialcommittee of this city charged with this duty. T m IBBOBAL Erracr or SnmaT Lawiv-lf Not only so, but after having proposed en Mon- it were for no otherreason thanfor the immoralday, ta a very eonciliatory letter to the com- tendency of Sunday laws, thwarting the benefi-mittee, tbe ba>is of a coalition with the Breckin- cent purposes of the Creator, injuring the baas* ridge democracy, which the committee sub- and marring the happiness of man. while theyengender hypocrisy and secret vices of ( t o most degrading kind, a public meeting ought toThis truth does not depend upon theory. 11 energy than the ordinary run ot journalista, ithas been demonstrated by the application of the European prircipies to society in the eman-party.claimed with safety to society, because we aredevelopement.Its aim is to establish an -irre-In the Northern States they can be pro-tion made by Mr. Brady in New York on Mon-day with this violent indignation, anti fusionspeech made by Mr. Brady in Albany on Tues-day. Was thi- proposition a mere pretext, in-tended as an excuse for a predetermined refusalto fuse? Did Mr. Brady know beforehand thatis the trueissueof thepresentparties in the North and the South, but be-The pame hypocrisy exists in this country now; it is the remnant of Puritanism imported by the Brcwnists of Massachusetts, and it is bearing the same deadly fruit that it did in daystween a zealous anil fanaticvl party in thenumbers of whom are always in the part of coly be made a revolution of whclnsome re- ease, now so prevalent among politicians, hat then adjourned. The number of emigrants sr- j dually rise from the wreck. The statesmen nothing would be done that is not constitu- Broadway where the aflray occurred, to pro- action by the union ot all men of ail parties fallen upon them. Under such circumstancesthem. The reply was approved, and the Board | will be swept away and new ones will gra-Xived here for the week was 1,837, making the i Bomber tor the year, so far, 79,3*). The commu I tattoo balance is now down to »,440 3*.it is natural to conclude that the republicans have a fair chance to carry many of the dis- tricts of this once democratic metropolis.we may as well know it at once. In such cases, party, encouraged by the split in the derdbcra- at all in existence. The whig faction and thewho have taken the Papal question in handnot be employed to force emancipation : only !opposed to the prostration or expulsion of worst dayB, never was guilty of such an act of j ^ S o i l t h under the pressure of a Northerntional; that the national army and nary would serve the peaoe. The Empire Club, in itswill find that it L» one of the least of the difti-cultks which they mtfet meet. It is. however, ed slaves from carrying civil war into the : rowdyism as that which the Wide Awakes com abolition administration. Our Union Commit-is for the public to decide. We ourselves feel but little concern as to which conclusion our rivah arrive at. being contented with the resultsFirst,generous good faith in the matter of tbe elec- toral ticket compromise, tbe ways and means would have been found for "a happy accord" on the State ticket.show about New York, so filled with churches and with an army of clergy ? The arrests were 61.455 for criminal offences, V> cases of which were for murder; and this is in a city aboundingthe gifto that are attributed to us.Unluckily, however* for the veracity of theseobservance of the Sabbath, restrained by Sab- bath laws and liquor laws, and a police ap- pointed through the puritanical influence npon the republican Legislature. And as for onr free institutions, which the Sabbath Committeethis statement.journals subsist merely by the aid of party con- tributions and such black mail as they can ex-tort from politicians. They have no iude- pendent existence, and consequently they have neither the means nor the enterprise to use the facilities which the telegraph affords. The tele- graph bills of the IL:r.Ai.i- average .weekly from ten 'to fifteen hundred dollars, and its busi- ness receipts are sufficiently large to bay out the whole stock and interest of the countryagitationand interIt is notorious that the countrymind. I h c i g h the English nation be natural' y candid and sincere, hypocrisy prevailed among them bejoad any example in ancient or modern times."Such a contest must be terrible in its triumphto the fifteen Southern States, and eminentlydisastrous to tho-e of the North. In the South,the liberation of four millions of the inferiornogro race would reduce its society to the con*dition of that of the Spanish-American republicssouth of us. The impoverished whiteswould flee to the Northern communities, crowd-ing every pursuit of human industry. Theemancipated blacks themselves would abandonthe ruined social edifice they had once inhabit-ed, and swarm Northward to the paradise ofbjack republican theories, and border freeState* would be overrun with thffpjjijtpouringbands of ignorant, indolent and miscMevau&nqfl son was taken into custody for avow- Lincoln's election. A great Union party must districts in the city, all of which are now repre-groes. Pennsylvania. New Jersey and thw south-rn counties of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois would inevitably be filled with their dissolute and thieving hordes.But it would not be necessary to wait for the triumph of the black republican policy of libe- rating four millions of r»egro^, and admitting• l •'—!•'• •^••!^»,^1TCT-Mr. J»s»>S W. Brady astd ttoe vai«a\teer and a union ticket formed, they are receivingcan fee with It all the minor ones. If he is elect fuses to accept Ihe Union electoral ticket circlet.rooms opposite the New York Hotel) and theproprietors of the famous caravansary, whohave refused to permit a rope sustaining aLincoln banner to be attached to their property.Nevertheless, the flag was raised and duly dedi-cated on Tuesday night, under the auspices ofthe Wide Awakes, who were received with they are ur.der a serious delusion. This U not cursed blighting system which is now identifiedseveral inoffensive persons were beaten withlanterns and torches. When the police ar-rived, they arrested, not the Wide Awakes, whohad committed the overt acts, but the gentle- is already destroyed. It is the vainest of all men who had been beaten. One per- .delusions to count upon its resuscitation aftertries are now partially made, and they bear upon them the stamp of that discordant spirit which animates the Presidential canvass in the democratic party. There are six Congressionalthat they would not be used to prevent ltberatslave States, and that the federal court! mltted in front of the New York Hotel on Tues- tee are right. Let Mr. Brady take his course.There never was a greater piece of folly than the course pursued by the democratic politi- cians at this juncture. The country is passingThe Police Commissioners yesterday appointed !Daniel Holland Sergeant ot Harbor Police, and dis- ! the match wherewith the train, which has beenItjaed Thomas Byrnes, of the Tweaty-ur*t pre | laid these sixty years an I more, \x to be fired. • t. the work of destroying slavery. tends to carry out, by force of arms. Senator CAMPAIGN FINDS—SINGH.w. S'ATKMPNT tonday evening. If this organization really in-Ciact. Whentheconflictdoescome,itwillbedread- Thatmeansthatagitationistobecarriedon Seward'sideaofthe••irrepressibleconflict." TUBFIXA.\CIAI.WORLD.—Tkblackrepublicanthroughagreatcrisis.Thereisreallynopartywould be reorganized so as to pro- 'the father of Supervisor Bell, and his will .»„.,. ! tilings look now it will be precipitated. We the underground railroad is to be brought to I to be forewarned is to be forearmed.tributes a large property, real and personal, but \ »uay look for the intelligence that the flames of the light of open day; that the scenes enacted Tut BLOW WBED ry DihTKEpy.—Thurlow Weed go through with the forms of election to have ments, by the smash up at the Charleston andboring 'under the idea that tbey only needed to tic party is now reduced to a mere mass of frag- by John Brown in Virginia and the terrorists is in awful distress just now. One time he is full possession of the national government Baltimore Convention. There is only one orga-in Texas are to be repeated in every Southernularmed for the interests of Douglas, lest his started out in the campaign like a young man. nization in force just now—that of tbe black re- State, with tbe sympathy of those in govern- : friends have sold his birthright to the "cotton for the first time in his life having a well filled publicans—and only one issue before the conn- itgs were poor and the average price low. Miteh wbBe our people, in a gtnte of profound peace ment, if not with their open countenance and i brokers and British importers." Another time purse, and without the remotest idea what he try, which is that laid down by Mr. Seward—aof such things without trembling at their inevl-1 But the hottest stew he has got into yet is theshould do with it Instead of expending theirnational safety, bare presented electoral tick- electoral ticket He has ardent sympathizersaswabytaaAagio-Sainutoemarketoxkibitedaaoro pressed—thatfreedom'sbattlew«ibeWMJ. etsfortheunitedsupportofalltheconsen* andthereappearstobeaverycuriousleacue couldfindnoonetocontributeaslongasthe weseeinthl?greatcommercialmetropol^theop-i Limpev! was coaaUorod to be five classes. Let these fusion tickets be every- formed in favor of Lincoln, comprising Gid.coffeis. The opposition, on the other hand, dorng in the Congressional districts! nerevrepartsd tor tbe week in tuaUywoa.aad that the right will trimwph-fa where zealously sustained. Nothing ta to betwo factions were wrangling with each other, friends of commerce, the friends of the Scut?; Tucker, Jim Brady, John A. Green. Thurlow and have gone thus fttr in the campaign beg- the friends of peace and the Union, led by a *e<suy {1M,SB» belsa) wars laryar ta asaoest toaa bejond peradveature. Truly, as Galii«o ibesasuaelaanypreviouswet*d'iriegtoeyear.theworlddocsciove.s a M (Untitled Documentgamed'to-day by factious clinging to individualWeed and Horace Greeley.An extraordinary" -"'"" "'"" " I'l'i'Hloriginate a movement to have them wiped off the face of the statute bank,The Sabbath Committee of New York de- clare that the tyrannical and puritanical ob- servance of tbe Sabbath, open which tbey m eist, "is of paramount importance to tbe purity and perpetuity of onr t n e institutions.' and tbat it is "vital to the prosperity of tree reli- gion." , Now, let us examine thie sweeping as- sertion by the test of experience and by a refe- rence to facts. In what other in this country has the Sabbath been made so rigid by Uw as in Boston, the hot bed of fanaticism to the rest of the Union? But what are toe statistics of morals in that pioui city ? By toe reports of the authorities for the year 1868, we are told that in Massachusetts " criminals have trebled in fourteen years;" that " the critninaU are not made from a foreign bnt from the home- made artic.e," and that unless there is a prac- tical reformation " before half a century is over we shall be ruled by the criminals themselves." The report further says " that in the past four- teen yea:.- efforts tor reforming criminals and punishing crime have been more active than at any previous time, and yet crime has trebled." In the rame year what do facto and figuresAnd what did Mr. Brady recommend?that seven of the Douglas men be taken off theDouglas and Bell electoral ticket; second, thatthese vacancies be supplied by seven men fromtbeBreckinridgeticket;taird,thattheDouglas withSabbathschool.-1,associationsforthe organization have the Governor and State Pri-son Inspector, and that the Breckinridge StateCommittee name the Lieutenant Governor andCanal Commissioner. Now for the committee.Tbey did displace seven Douglas electors fromtbe union ticket adopted at Syracuse, and they say are in danger from Sabbath breaking, the did put in their places seven Breckinridge men.including fonxtoi the names from tire Breckin-ridge ticket suggested by Mr. Brady, and amongthese four was one of the electors at large. Thecommittee did not touch the proposed com-promise on the State ticket, simply becausethey had no authority to do so. We have nodoubt, however, that bad Mr. Brady acted in in any other city in the world; and there,scourging, boring of tongues; and as for adultery, al politician. In this case, however, there is fornication, incest, bigamy, and other unclean-nees and fUthiness. it did never abound more than at this time." Tho-e who desire fur-fore it overspreads the land aad poison**all battle as only a chapter of acride-to, and as a a ho came under its shadow. Let a publicridge and Dc-ngla? politicians. They consider thisbattle not tor 1SG0, but lor liTi, Butmeeting be held at once to overthrow this aca fight between parties and factions, from which with the repubtican party—the only party inhisses and other marks of disapprobation bythe inhabitants of the hotel. Subsequently acharge was made npon the crowd by the WideAwakes, and a small riot ensued, in which beginning of a great revolution, under which, Tuz CONGEESS:OKAL,NOMINATIOSS.—The nomi-the democratic party is to emerge again aa the United States who give it any countenance. fit-m their defea's of 1840 and IHV. It i* theing himself to be a Bell-Everett nun. take ita place, utterly ignoring the dead poli-He was locked up all night, and in the morning ticians and party issues of the present day. orbrought before the incorruptible Alderman the monster disunion as a living reality will are attached to different wings of the demo-cracy. Bnt, from present indications, it seems This volunteer New York Union movement very likely that, after the coming election, westalk upon the stage.only peril that impends over them at present is the anti-slavery fanaticism of the puritanical republican party. prefemicM F.vervnratishouldST^TUur»hlMMgarlypeer. Thewholesale"politicaltradeofhackpoliticians,thedebriscfbrokenupfeei a V f c rThoecorjplinaticn.tn V .imas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the teafennavingbeen c^rnpleter].tjcrv-fomewhig*, some KnowNothing* to,www.fultonhistory.com 