 -higher classes, caresthe ends of the'ialaibaglassofaforeigner. Wewant to somethingin whosebrowis coveredwith doubt hung delight—storm of excitement, when they are consistently to say "I have not taken a popularparticle, myof all that tends to elevate tn theBchr.JacobBaymaod,Bandy,BaatsafatAlbany. yet Bchr. Brave, Crosby, Boaton, Br Albany.'•Jaj* ffow, why, wealth, tlmaea, churches.byaluxury 01 conscience. [Laughter and applause.] I will take the ILupzas. Now a housewhich amethod; only by The rain-storm that usually comes with the eqai. great public sin can be attaeded, likemean rank hi American art But we rather to preferpersonal and social qualities of and to recall those traits of charac- ter which Lave so endeared him to the circle of hisByTelegravk.8ANDT HOOK, March 21, snnset.-One sUp aad •»bark outside the Bar. Bark Goldea .<tale. troaAxaia- wall, aad another bark anchored at the 8. _w. Bps^ Bremen brig Porto Plata, frtn Porta Plata, aad aasskar'Jaaai *»» BxMtaiaMbythenaeofalabelorthevocal explanations of a showman appointed for the pur- miiwisA«Ue>ee at Cooper tartSWte..Now if than ba*>\te white enough vptm which to cmxrm Iu CAp- plBTiie.] Tbe pradajDm iwlntBftM other wmyr icadntag, to is<tilah-am»» facta whraUseBkaonsiId there be lean, ed eonceiBlaf tkrieaptalB «( tke m-fatad doop.«» fc-fc.«onBC«dXZ^toXr. ef raptn- dii&Tar, able tkat a nkarmar ever willtiflit •Plv''<*"'>'\''l " f"Wf^^"""^•^P"wm2LiI25.tbaa»a««fa»l,. ,^__ _ aad self aastalaalTalSV ksl •r,li IftirhralslsKi.Billii pesatoB of the pseaaat Be«s gelagtoaBaw fci a »nasant meie aalUy under ita dlncUon.<yiM«r fktlr^eysMp." Didny<dbywhieperiiiirmxWuklaasoBwtatUtmrwouldSM for the world have hawtf at hane, aad by wtds- fatdSTj tbe chtklraa (O half rovnd flw atotw for mxt' Ihii fctiJafaiF » aiagai m BOlBcat hoB'twbai (key wmud aet for the worldaav* heard at waiblntteo, and wbo were polltloallyvead when mev wereplacet rWaa, af iha .^nxire, haveallowaato huwwa aay, i ,well kmwo tn beta Lord JonaRviuuuji" It U with Boiitluwe do nore to the thaojotUecdo not aalataka •-Iuioatibo««toM7ttat •nbraer «» tn'any aaeh,mtrtTFaIt la seta os board moat believed ttat wa nnaabcocMpoin^ithitli lMmrot4«ot.thaukKNM u with naei—the tall iDOTM the bead." [Lauhter words th&ik mine, wb«n )m wrote— of yoa aartiriok it ia. I am oaly tntaa to show and appUnae.] "Away," says Haoadut. "away W bcD to lice wlUi *rath la no^e..bote WM tta TObjed of »W»M" l"*"!"?* I« "Btklp^Jl^ or cOciaBtreforaerlBaKapabllo. It la not at all anb- soleaceofpolltlc8lse«Bptoialae." Islt! TheathatWwhat la Am Inevitalde arethad of the haeeeaefU and wlib jour ethics irom the arena oftke Whentoshftreherwrecebfderrut. Kre b«r ceaie brlog t)ua« and mAtmHew-Tork ia emphatieally a Cltf of Komiineiita>! Tm*daBoutnilou wb«B be takes the men Imaglna tkat ttae IZr!^_Ji,»] paipled Davd by the throat. wlUto be prosperoQi Jatt,rgreat bnwa at >Va>taingtaa are — Cmtmh*TM •ad ChH. Ijms- never be the object of hU aflisetioBate regard. It ibe l,.sc<en of tbe people. So tlie bo;, wnen be-nnI>*puta]« af Oeeaa^^J|^[^OTtiitm<leiit^t««•«k**^"*** ' eoMMwmbtafcree of po-la ttte the trito irideh csia ofcan stety aay ymon board goec astoamcrai,dsees massofthegeniusofUmattialatell me better than I can tellPmnek gave us a doiea yeara ago, of an BngUsh Colonel who Mrew an elephant in a lottery. He add wrtbtDg for tk« ticket—bii twra wai tooalama,hugetyIk*forthem whil*theyou,ma OtapaMionate and«ll^tiT*< Mr. Pbiuim wu UittMd to with tbe at- Eoall to hold Ua—k« wu too poor to feed him—he which UttoM In ilnht 8o it Is with polttlci. 81radadilng stupidity ;adoptpay fortiienet tmt-tUiit or the Hall,)•'"'SlJ"'"^''!'no. There Is a fanatic down Inthe hull—aood laughter ? applanse]— and be has more to do with the Bo- tloB ofthe gtUant vewel than the great Iron ma'stiidlence, taowvrer, (whlek Blladchejoncedenied.the D, sss.wai^HitifaMaia, aad wai aUowod topraeeadwlttKmt—and he was in theaatloaalaln. They O'Conxu,byvpfaUngtothemasses,witboatvotes,veMteeli' work. The laeloniTe tboat tha City HiHseems wheth- In a condition of perplexed imcertalntyer It ought to don a green coat or give itself up withOeeaa 8<aaa Davtex. BvaopBT.^fleenth Century, when they called him tbe leader of the laggera. He never came near an original thought. He borrowed those about him. Wneaimaptton or tlia lUfhtaat -exprcaalon of di«- 4Mi. iUi «|ip»anaeo en tke ptatfoim wai greated k'lbnd applanae, on file nibaidenee of whleb Ifr.A- VandeikUtjfct.llar.M-...Kinwru?a„k. proapaetatpraa- NorthAmeilean-:as:?i:::-?5ya*tP.loanoaadraaeedandnldaad without Iwaa to hadmadeit going sav, elotlies,public pebllewaa too hmnane to cut his throattroublescnae oondlti<m of bavlag a sasall bam, email means, humanity and an elephant Just such Is the state of the natiesi when some aieddleaome Individ- val finds out existence of aare too proud to confess it and too to toRobsstPssi. was the Ideal of Nine- pollttciin the:I iSB emuKn lasy attemptqnestian byASia John BellBroadway.Jfc. PaouM HMD eaoM forward aad lald:memory'VnninCtap^lnef Manchester.lUr. 31 Canada aprll 4. CItyofWaahlngt'B April 7.K*w-T*rk.:a qiMstloB whether a CathoUe should have a vote orIt farthe latter nse. The stone imagein.lUj.JJ.-..».w.T.,k IUr.»....Vew-t«« Mar. ll....H*w-terf .Mar.SI....PanlaaA... .Mar. 3l....«asr.<*(kin lairodaciiit to yoa 4hetheduat-Un.cure U, and they oonteat thetaaehrea with betaslilcir iftfcr ''IT lamreqDettMtoginootioe greatly otended with the fool lAo foood It out the Klig ibonld hare a Crown ; when Cobcih bad 'Stte irill deUTer hli well-ksora lecture npoa {be [Langfttor.] I aat not therefore, foreed to made it no longer doubtful that over Parliament orSXmI Arte," oa Tbnndar erenliis next ia Br. show that a reformer can be popular. I tbnush It bread must be untaxed ;Rome toItaaa on the unfettered neck of^ the masses, saviors of the people on some occasions. The time Great Britain is owned by the•do. There wsa drunkenness,—the only questionAnTHOirr BtiSHS went down State-street amid two thousand muskets, and guilty only of a skin not col-has transformed Into a walking ashes and garbage box, with dust thrown In, to be pestered by a funnyBark Sophia, tna New-urlsans.—By sliiamtag Vbf- derwriter, Oapt. Anthony.Bark Alexander, Bobbin*, froai Bostm ; la at aaasr- off Tbropg's Point.instincts,popolar ; itAtdui, la not tkeAod U*iT»eD It ii the br»re mao e*oo*ee Wbfle <ta« oowmrd tmods «fllde, DenbUuic la hi« ebiect •jpizit. TIUhitXordItcrnelfled;>Dd tke mvllitnde make merit OftbefelttaForhamaoUy sweeps onward Where to-da:r the rnvtyr tUnni, Ofi the ffloTTow eronebei, with ibe SllTer, Jndaeln his haoot. FAanrdiannofrtohnetrtbe cntes stands ready.Wbfie the banfagchgtoyi fmtoobmio,f jesterday Id Biltntawe returns. TogatberaptbeMatteredaahea Into 61»tor7*i gotdea ami.[Prolonged appiauie.]CITY INTELLIGENCE.BOABD oy.EnTCAnOB.—At the'raeeting of theand which"P and asys that la the power. But down,of thoae whoparka seen only waiting_The _Havana Mlifcr day, March », at UH a. m.KaTeacBia ofwhen CLsaxaoa waa asking if be had a ehanee of (bl- and WiLsiiroaoi had recorded the verdict of eightfiont of tho Ball woold doubtleu be nacd aa a hitch- Circassian Fultoning-postforteams,batfortkelegendhandeddown NetthBritcBTeutonlakiwlBg that tndlvldaal who could be called an in-bundrel tboiniid of England's womea and men thatIICity— stitntloa theto the either public,thereshouldbenomorefetteralntheWestta apeak to Ton en the labject of "AgUatten ae .^KssenUment of a hundred yean ago. Well, if he then Sir Eosan Paxi, and tiiiwe like Um siepfiedout from the School Officers of the Tenthaaeai.Mar. *»....: I hare baenreqnetted.to-lepresentatiTeofthejiaehored terraladles,Board of Education, last evening, a eommunicstloatneMM* UawUkaa old Boad Commissioner of llassa- keenest stimulus of the love of material gain. With- earth offers to her Maker. Good Government which will give tbe Bepubltcan Party a fair propertlotttoaum ia letf, who was employed by the Legiala- out it. It would be almost Impossible for a ganeratioa therefore, is to be viewed solely in the light of its ca- of oSce and patronage•*iMllliilluiis are not capable of I will amendment,cities,roada,joinucsted man Is theBaa rise*.... t Nj gnnietareallyto civilisedit vntfa habitations.toIt needed for such work thethe Bepnbliean members of tee Legislature the passagethat in the judgment of this •vnta ItT out a roadway from Boston to Albany- to devote Itself with energy to the snbduing ofnature. pacity to educate man. [Applause.] Now Republi- CommlMee It is time that the Bepnblican Party of thisMae tiro faonditd miles—and who as far we have Rome and Vienna proceeded When finished our ourIkoeatgiMakt Smith, at the New-Tork Hoepital, ye«»er-S\iji»m....,m IIVTELLI€gEWCE.ieverythlngfromcomposure to the eombbied service of thor- publicetjnally(hth-polities spotwhereyoQareto fino reform. 8one.^l^ has, yon win agree with me that thoae people, or sup- and stereotyped in the statutes the pulsus that other Ward, asking.^Jfalkod of Bafonn." It li a prarerb, la Tlesaa, posed instttotlOBS, must rest upon one of the four men had stirred. [Applause.] Then he stood with for an appropriation of %^,^1i to repair school build-•ifMtbe AaaUaa oalr beta of God tbat he any be ae qnartera which I am aboat to designate—or rather, one band reached cut tmtil it took hold of Cosdss, ing No. 42 was referred. Tbe officers of tbe Six- many other adornments of the town. In the npper Adriatic '^nn af to-Borrow ae be waa reetardajr. I doaH as an BngUahman woold aay, to dengaate. [Laugh- aadlthe other finger just touched some fossil Tory. Mr. teenth V^ard achool sent in a notice that the part of the City, on Broadway, Is a granite aiiafi, Niagara.-April t. April II.. .April 14.. April It.. ..-April u.. April 9*..On •f^tiUmtnij, ha alwa}! strives asd aeeka to be betterCommissioner DiWm C. Pima bad beaa received, and that Jomr DxLAMATia had been nomina--IMt•T«akM«T«raftnnieh a prayer ae thatAT ta-Beeiow thea he waa yaatarday ; aad althoagb politicaltion oftradition It wa* erected la prerallitliat^*aalalB that onx InatttotlcBs are oertalaly patfeet—or le»s altered, for half a century;or in the Church,Board decided to elect a City Snaerinteadent andAssistants, at tbe next meeting. Tlie term of tbe would tkrow him, would from an Oity of irasklngt'a.Mar. M.ijlfteth niT ititr l'-'-I'-t-Birr ""an fiiiiathe ecclesiastical around which cluster organization,the fondest and most saered thimgbts. In one or thetrance of admiration Into wUek its artlatls aaodel Caaada Mar. I*...-U««*«odT..-isdMno-yet (till, thn>n|l»at, at leait, If aot throoghoHt all elanea «f {he aa-other of these would be found cotalnly the onlypresentA resolution was offeredof the Female oftheno prlaelpalArabia. Kangaroo Jaxater.] Either upon Wealth—the wealthy classes; or BrwAxs makes a speech at Washington on the tactics 'realgna- styled bj posular eonitasy the Worta Monument Persia...ia the Fren, which you may call the edu- of the Repablican Party, and he phrases It so aa toIsdeYd,TheeonmcBoimtloB of one ef ow galiaat haroea. Acanism is God's normal school to teacD the masses City be rellced, to such extent as Is in the powsr of aaaNawtoa, a Tillage about tenmilee wut aad then when we have finished our Paris and our London, it ethics. They cannot leam it of the pulpit; they Bepnblican l.«gl»latnre, from the straggle which they day, made a deposition that Pina Runv knocked herMARINE VXW-TOBK....'WKDNksDAT, kankka had done, aduing his opinion that he did the nextIbar. [I>aaghter.j Granted, therefore, for the time and the fine arts. It is for us to build, not to orna- declsloB, and responsibility always evokes character ;to crowd them with aat beUere a road vooM ever be needed for* and flush them with the hues ofgreatburdenauiem down with the responsibility ofthe(sae aad objectment That Is the reason why the world charges us with such inordinate love for material prosperity;:Mlr ia by what method it shall be secured,—throughgenerationstatuary paintingstheir optionents.The Committee then adjourned.—iHI PoLAB BxPEDtnOK. Dr. Hatzs will laybefore the public, this evening, at the Hall of thehave been received la a Wato^street saloon last Sat- urday night) may prove fatal. Is a low charat^r, given to —Intemperance. Ri;dt and Saxah Laa, who were suspected of having beaten her, have been dla-the man's cradle. It remembers that those ve whothinks that If ;oasweep crease,whodoeanotattempttopileuponedollar tinyfingersaretoholdtheballot,andthatitsArctic life and Arcticcannot fail to be of —badly burned, Monday,ofBroadwayandFort;-eighth-street,anddiedon BrljrsOraeeWorthingtonFreethy,St.C~m~*.[L,attghter.]l^afioatstrengthdrowning."Police Report*.nahD.iHlckerBaa, Boston,A.Howe*Okaia T•dge. BetweenthesetwoclassesthereIs,ofeonise,«onaataat ecnllet as to the methods which should be mon on tie Mount for Wall-street—a;geography,;ry,of the mercantileaually where ideas are stronger than statutes— the eighteenth century. You would not go to Wall- me to see the post where God has placed me. Now days since he disbursed two by P—pathway aU akoig for fear'of frightening timiditytation. But I am speaking of the Press as we usethe Ganges, or with FiKxioa to the snows of Cana-professingaaitlwetherhasthetechnicalnameof—thepared to look before and afterthe litera-me." He out scoopsthrows ture of the age, astda breakwaters and safeguards, forgets wealth,"me." And the faithful Catholicwith guano, wool &c, to Henry W, Baakfhid.' that which ignores what yon callInstitutions,—the safety valves and sheet anchor to a maddened public. Well, in Eu.Supervisor, Fifteenth Ward they have nominated for SupervisorPxTsa G. Baxirsoir ; for Assessor, Ralph KlsxicAa.fromShaagral ibri dsm. having called In for medicsl aid. katf ct M*"agitatton"—da,representsaying, go;the word in Its grander significance—he " Go.Eighteenthspeakingdallypartofagita-Irepresentativespiritofpetitionsame bonds. A fewnoblest fruit that theof anAmendedCharieraad Poliee bills for this City,m e«T. Island. • liand out of tbat discussion they come nobler, higher, more IjiielUgent virtuous men. It's G«d'B normal school of teaching ethics. When the humanity of St.BteamsblvB Ksshvilla, Marrar, TUeston k Co.; Grenada, aarrlaaa, u Chesapeake, Crovell, Portland, B B. C.!'But iftiim there. It will be on tbe bayonets of Joax Boowir and the men of Kassas, who took their rifles in de- fiance of Wall street and the Cabinet and appealed to God and their rights. [Applause.] Nat. Basxs the Governor of my State, went on tbe steps of yourFroa the first «r your permissioa, to examine the clum of an echo from every bank vault but it was not bank priadpal in a Primary School more than $S90peT aysterlooi, everywhere trinmpbantb,lack let- FrinceAlbert Mar. 3l....«*laaycated classes be safe Inhe ever enters thekelag, that reform, imptorement is a desirable pur-the next question in every eoounn-yaaaosiderthat, we may as well recollect that the tary to a large extent Now, the man who Inherits a man's cradle It Interferes to blen It from be that of Loifis Fcxmo. whoUved there whi^nthe Graham's PoUey, Morion, Antwerp, Laytia k B» saaiid la made up neceanrily of two classes of ratode— million, the title deed to wldch is secured to him, a motive of Christian pity-disinterested hu- Northern Pole of onr earth's axis. The remarks of a builduig was burned. The skeleton of a child, also Barka Zepbvr, Lane, Marssilles, Meeie ft Baair:manity ; but when Wall-street looks down Into man so well informed upon all the eharacteristles of found there. Is not recognized Wuxiam CBana, LampUghter, Thompson. Demeiara. J. M. BMik k- O«S~. -The skeleton of a man found on Tuee-^Matehaaaal the reformer shall salJ. vVeU, before character. The wealth of the Old World is heredi- James or of Paris looks down into tbe poor reaching the great open sea which surrounds the day, by workmen, at No. 49 Bowery, is suppoeed to &Co.; Far Vest, Fa«e, Kew-OrlaaB*, W. t.ftBVna aad Oie carta—the conservative and the carrying with It-Ote bold and the csaUoos the from the whole who asksbut at the same time our wealth is to have aspecificHistoricalSociety,a detailed account of hisplans forehargedBblpe kleetrie Spark, Baker, Bcatoa.a thousand years aperfectguarantee people, no in- poorthrougha child, was last at tke coiner Chilton. PennelL Portland. J. W. Delano.Irish-Banter Cherry-street, disappeared tscbooneri.the cobwebs yoa will bring the roof upon another—tbat man Is the slave of no* ownwealthis notsafe, norIteowncradle freefrom interestandvalue. Itisexpectedthataddresseswill Tuesday Pxanxa, middle-aged Edwaxc aaa&Hunter J. ;1Ifos. 21, the has been when Oxford led the van of oopular that stand In It come from the cradles of the aris- avenue and lane. The dust has curled up like smoke 23, U, 27, 29, 30, 31, 34, 39, 36, 37, 1, 7, 38, 39, 40, 16,place., Sbip Snow Squall, Llojd. Shangiiai Dee. M,tnsts to the average common sense, theaatarai love of right which seems to be inherent la rights, and the Mavans of Paris have once said to thearistocracy.They are educated In the Universities ofAnjierJan 2,Capeof GoodHopeFeb. »,;paasL."ple ranged themseives behind the standard oifroma battle-field. Ash-cartsladen—tbe very cais-46. ThisCourt adjourned sa Tuesday out ofof the late Gioaox Woon,Sqnator in the Atlantic, In Ion, 2S 10, on Fe*. IT. 1Thus far and no further," and the peo-tccracy.the aristocracy. What is the result ?—enemy rumbling through42, 44, respectteasand silks to C. R. ereen. Had light 1 leaving the Cape.'-Ike Billions—that sort which might be said to grow•at of the epignm of TAuxraAac, when he said,^M—tf body bows more than any body." The the most conservative University of the Con- haa never found ttseU but once, and then by accident gusty mornings, have carried dismay to the hearts average common seAse of the millions is worth more tinent Have we got any such literature? only, en the side of the people." It reflects the aris- and d«6n» to the eyes and nostrils of citizens. Every than the heaviest brain that God ever lent to the Where shall 1 go to prove It? How shalllfindlt? from which it The child bears theBourbons,Why, as Ma- CAiTLAT said, " During 150 years the Episcopal Churchsons of thethe streets theseto thememorytocracy springs.laee. Wen, now, between thoae two methods I want Where does it reside? Bear with me while 1 gather features of Its father. Now come home.house has been a beleagured citadel, and servant-Oblnary.DIED—At Borne, Italy, on Sonday, Feb. 19, ISM, Kd Bark Golden Rule, ffbiuborg, AapinwaS Mb. MlAnalyze ta oflsr you, in the sixty minutes that you lend me, a up, here and there, the evidence. Shall 1 take the our ecclesiastical machinery. We have a volunte-armed with broom-stick and duster, like artillerymen at the port-holes of a for- ftia latter method of agitation is, as I think, consummate flower of our— literature? Shall I pews create a pulpit. And do you wonder that the tress, have seemed to touch off pieces of mighty cali-maids at theThe death of Mr. Clabx, In a foreign laud, away Biig Porte Plata, (Brem.) Haehtmann. trsai FaVa^ «w beat; bat wbetlier yon think it the best take the American scholar one whose lips are pulpit reflects back the pew ? It could not be other- bre, to the great discomfiture of all who hap- from all the consolation* of home, adds not a little to Piatt, witk hides, kc, to Gelpecka, Keut«ea aad *!-lewaOCTastfons,toshowyou,tobesore, partly that tojimostscholarofourtimet ShallItakethebright ry system-the only system in a republic—and thear aot in a Government like ours it is dewy with the classic lore of every language wise. I know the history of the Church as well as to be within the Inevitable method; there is no other; and every age, and whose feet are familiar with yon. 1 know the great men and the martyrs, the penedIhatif our fathers understood what vere every battle-field frona Btmker HIU to Thermopylte T champions of they doing —chelt.Brig Titania, (of Eastport.) Appleby, OaasMit haspianaed it; that the fanatic who goes Irom .Massa- Is trying to tell us of the history of WASHntoroit. If in regimente. They come in alone. Now and then back-yards, early struck their colors lest toey should pathy of his boyhood associates and a large circle of with railroad iron, ke., to P. Petier kae.nheknK'—whoshinesandWaseingtohhasanypeculiarclaimto ourgratitude1 fata the eomaiunity by the ears with his new doc- at an hour like this, it is that, bom In the Old Do- You may see one from here at Unlon-square, Butahaaatta toIowaandtearsdownonetallBaylyceums, plotsthere isman,over-shadows. be seized and carried off asfoewhenNorfolk, for St. Thomas, tld. the day pi iTka*. dstiwaad instead of being tne medicine, he ds the dally scholar of 1860 dared not repeat [cuoers. ]—going from anybody, but if he will examine Into the very essence expectedchangeless Alps, the emblem of despotismhy which to measure him. Let me go across the ored like yours and mine and In the preface he in the waves of unfettered Democracy, and that our friend—a man of leisure, a lover of in-doorMr. Clasx had early evidence of a very de- givencided taste for art. His later amateur efforts showed a a boldness of handling, a vigor and originality of de-waa on which side. But had a they; gruatniter,emains true all the same that we are launchedwater. Now, it is veryis the laws of God'sKingdomwhich of much that was admira- gave promise•eautries want toin the band-box—by personal application of Uamitt'a longstudy developed—evident that when old spoke of the changes be had made, wluch would of only guaranteeyard-stickLibertythoughtgivenWare.trophies by the, periling the present situation of Church and the temptations of his place and his condition, and left rule, not the exception. Now Smmr Smitb tale, who, with a single sneeze, coidd transjKirt him- a lengthened period of travel and pleasure in the to Jas. Bunter A Co.•tale, is the legitimate eldest bom of the men on record the moat earnest and eloquent protest speaks of the singular choice of Macadlat's phrase. self, in the twinkling cf an eye, to tbe Old World, But tbat was destined to be a Scbr. Gun Bock, (of Lnbec) Mitek^ Anaa,P.S,»thfttooj«n Btde, or u towiu bu eipreiMd tt ia ftr teterhave ta«itlwnuUMttN4 tawMaatiw Uh U*a4 iboK balow Com; Uaad ihnflr *Sm m r»>lnt«unless It hastens to put on one side of those also be made by Prof. Bachi, Superintendent of the man,d, who said he never looked with any satis- He can wait for their returning reason. He asks baby footsteps education, and on the other side moral- Coast Survey, by Mr. Bataxs Tatior, by Dr. Fxakois last Saturday, and yesterday his body waa recovered Pttnon; Citroi Boifolk, niton, HaTaaa.L B.aM|»-tham—the man whom DodsulS JxasoLshe folds his arms in defiance of theat No, 87:S.body;people. peril,residingMarshall, Chichester, niihmsiil. OiI at the aaw mom out of respect for thatven- nothing of them. He is ne cu>-ln-hand to customers. ity. Thank God for that republicanism wblch takes LiSBSB, and by Prof. B. SnLntAH, Jr. Tbe walls from the water at Pier No. M, East River. Verdict, E. Flower. Ksjner. Fniladelphla, J. ir.MA*a:S£rI tnstituliott, the old one. There Our wealth is mercantile—It It isbonds of wealth to educate ooverty, and of" Death fromThe Uqnor-store of Peter Connor, comer of rlU, Saljear. Mewbem. C. B. Dibb e * Oa.looking gather the white•ataMre vanning to and fro is increase of knowl- afford to be In front of his age he could not afford to you, and my only object to-night Is to show the ;" This dead the of remove, lightto produce even a result aboat the desira-Mnty of which both classes possibly may be agreed. Jew of the middle ages, caring not whether Is tbe nrayer that the great poet pute In the mouth of Dcen borrowed In anticipation of the City revenue forwill be hung with Arctic maps and drawings. The A* Bsa who are never satisfied with what is, who harvest of the world. Now, a merchant never shoots Church. Now, I know I tread on hot ashes when I meeting, although called by the American Geograph- lall aay change aa improvement who seem to think his customer with a rifle nor with an idea. lie can't touch tkat subject But I am an American as well as ical and Statistical Society, will be free to the pablic:la that class of miads. Then then Is the progresstve, for an increase it Is ;endeavorugtoto hold up weakness. But I was to the comingJacmei, E. Beck: J. Sbaw, r WaDasjbdibble with ethics. Ten per cent a year is the Ser- tion in which we stand.Chrystlebalance on the ledger demonstration. Theheaven restire. Grant me to see. and Ajax asks no more."B. J- i;Bayntr, Bajmer. Bali »..».of the4wr qaestlaa, to-night therefore, is, in a RepubUe—in he served Turk or Christian, provided he made his the Grecian leader. There can be no more proper 1859iijUfadwrong sideIscarried off.... A Mrs. Chapmaa, of No. 329 West AbbottTwenty-tlith-street, oa Tuesday evening. It is al- leged, was struck on the bead wl& the butt of a gun atrick Cunntngkam. The eonditien of tke wo-• aoaiannlty like ours, self-gotemed—In a com- Is a money.and on the Istfor the Ups of an Americaa citizen. Grant prox.,he willpay $675,300of theposi-Labgx Schb Paid and to bx Pais bt ihiConpTSOLUs.—On ttae 16th Inst, the Comptroller imkitown burglars, early yesterday morning, and flie Sfg Harbor, master"^^ i^"X^j-where the talk of your streets is the real title-deed street or Suite-street for a new Idea. the very na- the Church has a potent Influence. The Roman checks to the order of the City Chamberlain—one for man Is critical, andher assailant Is held for examina- Steamship R. B. Ouyler. Crocker, with ^^w.af andthe real forcethat yoaz propsrty, policeture of our wealth, thereforeyestei;day Joseph toH.B.CromwellftCo- Mar^It,SP.I•aaanltseducation,deferstowealth,cushionsiu No,Iwilltakeitasitis—theswornbrotherofagi- onthebrowofabishoptosendhimwithXaviibtotobe ofDemocratsaadone SteamerPenguin,Hllliams,ProTideae*vtthmia^laIsaac OdelLShip Tartar, Tan Sice, Cape Town, C. 6. H., Jta.— By CatholicChursh holds Napolzoh-. When $1 andtheotherfor The tionDetective Smith arrested,OCO,CCO, $1,600,000. County Officers are awaiting with the most exemplary pa- ' *alatBM ia worth aothing if, close behind it there —by the very nature of that weaTOi, you must exhibit tete. The Jesuit and the capitalist have made his tlerce the action of Gov. Mobgax upon the Countypassengersoff Charieston.showing Eietnc,h 19,' ka^*m net 'droumatances,I r WelL he has two from wnieh to choose.Dryfus, goods,wltnGerman, charged reeeiving stolenforfeited his ball booda a year ago,aloi^ane-aft ta white witk a MaaKqafirtterprise, readyto servean honest he defies It his peimysanguinefriendstremble for hispassedM nltes 8. of Lookout, ox1 —in the In such aCity— community, wheremosttwo armies. Sxwaxs said, at a time when hisa vital, oader suchaud earnesthearty public its weaknessandTsx bill, for until that is and com- signed officially^mercantile,full of en- to-day upa whoBROOKI.YIf INTEI.I.IOENCB.—Political. The regular Antl-Uorris Demo-anybodyforits strength. Its weakness is, as thesignal " ' -pressled by which the Reformer shall begin Wealth looks out for that halcyon sea where kept hack the surges of Democracy It is capital warrants, which are already drawn.t has tte method of Europe,allad—baeaase almost universal there—and he has Aaaiathod whlah nay also be called partly Sagllshaad partly Amerlcaa—more especially American. Itka fint ia that timid, cautfous, half-way, easy Battod which sella under the shadow of old instita- ttsas, aad which, taking the Church and State for .paatad, aaMnds a Uttle, bends down to autheslty,I am notthe Tulllerles the throne stronger than FranceC0MMI88IONEB8 or EmoRATios.Convention waa heldCbcasalaa. —( Steaaishlp (Br.,) nsmikiillspecificallyIt isPress. That isyesterdayS.andSt. Johns l€tti, with ' " tke An. Express Co.what Is the old" Cautiouswere freer thanare nowmunicated to the he will not Comptroller,thesteamsblp Keystone State,so to beafternooninnotand the Jesuit that have rolled back tnIn the week- gration yesterday it vras set forth that 5,667 emigrantshasstorms her canvas can float securely. Iftheyproverbtimidity startled.";signincraticat Montague Hall, when the following nomlnattoasit,wealth, perhaps"of thetion. And I will not quote in regard to it either that couplet, I think of Swift," Of brains they little haveIn prudent fashion, to please the mob. They hide the Utile given."in the Press.City:aggregatereceiptsStesssshipBoaaoke,Cooch, Kfcikam wlihmdse.aaspassengersto LndlaakISteamer Boston, Sellew, PhUadetpUa, wittadMu t» F. Perkins.—educated class of minds pre- his brains,< >U-i>represents earth. And so . aaJthJBg for them, flings the _giavest ques- rope they have been tne leaders of the van, and the with Episeopscy. The Episcopal Church ofaad and the education,1the strength of the Catholic Church ?tial principle of all ecclesiasticalis, that the created resembles the creator—that the child bean the lineaments of the parent It is because there are millions of wills melted down Into one—that Catholicism, when the Pope puts his band—for City officers were madeCollector of Taxea,:represent,says,lips " It was capital thatfioCharleston. March 30, 3 P. M., paaaed a ali* akiifsteamship, sasposed to be the Bmptie CMy. haa** kr Havana and new- Orleans.Steamship Alabama, Seheaeli, Bavaanak, vltti—has known for fifty years. What constitutes ly statement submitted to the Commissioners of Emi-The essen- machinerylater friends,aad his revolutionary arguments, and his minion and dying a slaveholder, his soni rose above they come only now and then. I am speaking of the the sun crossed the line. Like the Prince in the fairy well, when full of life and hope, he was preparing for Schr. Stella Mar, (Br.,) Fast, Haakz S da, wllk Mk-wlw signed the Declaratioa ol Independence; against the sin of Virginia, [applause,} and the worda " The essence of modem sermons is that,separationThe bright, sanguine youth, whom weMarch 2. wltn moluse* to &aliray, fTssain k TsiIt Scbr. N. W. Smith. Wjatt, Charleston 8 da., witke)*-Compromise." remotest parts of the earth, men have, to lasting one. tawtead of being an abnormal monster, he Is the rule, which \Va8hi3gtow dared to utter, the New-England I have no wish to offend the religious prejudices of all appearances, conveyed themselves from place hadto see return with increasedton to Jonas Smitn & Co.Schr. Ocean Wave. (Br..) Lockhart, Wlndasr, V.I.capacitiesbtead of the Democracy of the Repnblie ;—that, city to city, from Stale to State, and remem- of the religious system prevailing among us. he %vili to place by dint of a succession of sternutatory for the enjoyme.it of those gifts with which Provi- eds.. wiih plaster to D. R. De Wour.—not 1the attempt, which perhaps you will consider which the Father of his Country ever uttered. the clergy, under the voluntary system, that they ful. Husbands of well-known sobriety, iu reply to the and with an added impulse given to the exercise of Jacmei Feb. S», wlik coOse and logwood to E. BaakT^ladies and gentlemen, Is whs* I am about to make bering to forget [laughter] the protbundest words see that he is a hard critic—who of ezptosions. Dust has been swallowed the mouth- dence had so blessed the supposes by largelyopening ofhislife,Schr. Chailes B. Cook, (of Siarka. ProvtoeetownJ. akanid, to convince you is a fact Look for a mo- You will tell me that he is only a scholar. I ^tlll should make bricks without giving them any Schr, Smithsonian, Davis, Savannah 7 ds., with e*(- Beat opoa the other side of the water, because we take another instance. I will take one on whose straw; that they should be the vassals to the particular Inquiries of over-anxious wives, on relurn- those talents which he undoubtedly possessed, and ton, kc, to McCieady, Molt kCo.always see ourselves more perfectly when we look lips—whose eloquent lips—you have, some ef you, no vanguard leaden ; that they should face tbe ing home from business at nightfall, have been unable with a mind toned fay wider intercourse, and the con- Schr. Angellne. Hix. Bondoot, witk eaal for Beaton..templation living past!•MVare oiuselvea with. There was a story I was the laiuels of many a weU-eamed and well-fought necessarily but the reflection, not the sun. Well, if dear." Crinoline has weathered It withMlug in Brooklyn about a fortnight ago while I was field, and compared with whose moral strength In none of those four, then I have to come to the con-than, which, pediaps, will the better Ulostrate my EvuxTT is but the stubble to the oak. I mean Johs clusion that we have got no Instltudons, and that we many a craft with rent cordage and rigging disordered of earthasaaatng. Itfs a story told by Colsusoi, the poet, PzxxaapoaT. You know, or at least those of are afloat. You may not like the fact, but facts do has put into port In distress. It is not n'onderfuJ that ant Cemetery at Rome, surrounded by those grand gale tnm ND.nrkiTnwgt.he day,Ifeat ia his aoUega days, when he had been up stairs you who are familiar with New-England litera- not ask us whether vre like them or not Their effecttill aae in the morning, he came down and joined a ture know, that he culled for us the cream stands. You may prefer a different government :far^ «f his college mates, and he found that they all of English literature. He gave us not only you may prefer a terra Jirma despotism; you mayvera eansUerably tipsy. When he entered the room the first but the best of New-England class-books. prefer a snug, cozy comer of govemmlBt that knows ther is it particularly pleasing for a weather-beaten death enters not, and sorrow and parting are not Ihay all voted him d^unk he looked so odd. He mu He published a second edition of it the very day how not to do It [Langhter.] You may prefer the wight, whom much out-door exposure at this season known.Sfiorle,their want to make It more acceptable with the public. He had —the natural laws that bind the ocean in Its bed carpet knight, who seems to have just come out of a ble when cultivation and should haveBrig Allison, (of Bangor,) 2 1verychange Institutions,— greatsafetysign,Bmcivil or social life some great evil or Bin, it is very which bowed PisaxEpoHT must he omnipotont But, run towards justice, which the history of the race gyric of his fatherevident what method they have pursued, and what you will say these are only men. True, shows belongs to the mlUlaos. When, therefore, we ** The elements were so mii,ed Beikod they must pursue. That which creates law- ferhwaiplsl, go broader—1 will take a publishiag the which our fathers sent us to fill— nptnate,—to cast out from the of omitted every Anti-Slavery line. The temptation instinct of fairbis It was his intention to have devoted powers.machinery theirplaythatgravitatesBallad.Ship Graham, Polley. for Anrwerp. Bark*Tligl*l*,Oat which creates public opinion. Is ^one compe- house. It shall be one of your princes, counting Its when we allege tkat agUatlon is not only a good Here lau a man." to change It what creates It abroad t wealth millions, and able certainly to afford the but an ineviteble and the methodtisiely closed, he might have held. Is the future, no NieolaagUk.They are the foun-dwell upon the'under to the thorough European masters,talas ont of widclrtluT form aThe eonaeooence is, that when LcTHza, tor instance,wlahedwcnaaite Germany from Catholic to Protes-tant» >e did not agitate, in the proper and modem of one hemisphere and the intellect of the other. God, cated what Is called the fanaticism, the anarchy, the Probable Mnrder at Sea. aoaeofthe term. He did not appeal to the people. by the ministration of commerce, permits Europe to restless and reckless enthusiasm of the men whopublicand socialpuolishlng stands in the most responsible position of the Nine- teenth Century, for it^ stands betwixt the conscienceormal change can be effected in the feelings and habits to hope that it will speedily and principles of millions, I shall thea have vindi-thisyoung man,life.slavery,Intemperance,instance, great"down with the dust."—B. A. John-—thatpane-for a nor- nox is fully due, an.i there Is certainly every reasonIn him accept post Ttiat nature might stand up and saysyBiemutic pursuit of art stodiesi and we have rea-son to believe that had his career not been thus un- for Barbado* ; Belndeei, to Barbado*; Starktag, fergentleman,Theie was so people. He created the peo- know what futurity will think of her, spoken in the teke from colleges and banks, from statesmen and old A DESIBTID TIS8BL FOUHD IH TBI LOWEB BAT ly associated with him an extreme tenderness of dis- Weather clear. , _, ^^fie by the B«formation. And at trst on thevoice of aad with us the voice America,forms and pulpits, the determination of grave nattonalUABES OF A TEBKIBLE CONPUCT.FCET LAFATETTB. March 21. sunsst-StoMer position, and spontaneous warmth of affection rarely anchor si the Ouarantlne. No in- unitcc with tbe restlessness ol It ia ttie recol- Australasian Is at «. a. w_to the of Europe is the sajne. That verdict comingwcrman Prlneea, to the German prejudice against a to us across 3,000 voSm of ocean, is like posterity tbemlUlan—deeming certain,.^heaa-boardappealedward- bound vessels to sight. Wind a gale, qualities keep memory Wfathar clear. . „_, -of the Eefonnstion heand them on the unfettered necks of questions, layyouth.this that In this way we foreign potentate-T-agalnst an Italian priest—and hav- looking back to s^euross a century. The publish- are workers with God in educating millions amongEarlythe yesterday morning s'.ooplection of these which will hissacred in the hea.^ of all who knew and loved him, HIGHLANDS, March 31. sunset-Noing eltied the German pride in their nobUlty.against ing-house, therefore, that selects for us the conscience whom we live, and that in the process we secure, if ton, of Islip, Long Island, was discovered adrift in i£ore efft::;aallv than aay triumph of genius couU veisels in ilnht. Wmd » Bale. N. w. Weattotw«MclMejarm..*•TMe Italian priesthood, he fought out the fint battle of and intelltct of Europe, stands like a prophet of old not the best, the best possible institution. I know the the Lower Bay, between the East Back aud Uoraer have <]one, and be to his family the dearest legacy he PBILADKLPHIA. March 31-7B!><'tJ'*£S*laeRetoimation, and secured room for tne people. betwixt the living and the dead. So stand the Hae- criticisms which are made on this stvle of reform. Men of»• ia the great revolution of 1640. It was tne wealth Fxss. Yet, you^'have seen that house incorporating aIn the first to the harsh language which Shoal, by Capt. Sistaxx, the schooner Telegraph,.•TUie middle truthlatheirworks—the accidentai -of a for- classes that undertook to oust the .virtueplace,BOUTOH.March3i.-Arr. steamer.Jeaspk^Mtaar.They appealed to thehave only the morals ofthe market-placeShall 1 go higher, and stand on the veij steps of the:,M|rious«irejnd)ces of the middle classes, audw ban-I know it.on is richto describe a but llie scoundrel,the clouds and obstacles wnich darken the wav here below.Ked royalty for a time' « drama,-befire'v." ff*" <^^, aYuSu/ prtthe situatlou of getful hour—when they happened to publish anto the you have to speak in plain lan- speak people,row, but strengthened by the certainty that, Inthe Loveland,from Manila, bugwealth and the re-;Introuble is that the Saxon blood will run twice as fast as language will describe it.bypath-object.they allege It is necessary to employ. Wnea youNew-London.'°!S^tfJC°, ""'v*^ surprised If the House of English book, which when they learned the guage—SS^^Jf r,l*"^'*' "* •^""^ of Lords, for the fact, they cAlled In the edition, reprinted It, but words were made for use£L«Srfds..» -Th^S"' V'^ richer than the House of and expurgated it Perhaps you will say they tome, lies In deserving them. I know again, our Sis- covered that lite decks, fore and aft, were besaicare ripen to pertectness in the lightofetemitv, untroubledleSiJt"'.'.,.'S'"'analyiingwereand the fault,it seems one on boarJ. OnInplainwords.Iknowwordsareveryharsh, rigging ;Sisrsas dis- of his will be to increase and promise youth realized,Light, shipRscbael. from New-York, ia tew efepithetsscattered here and there,Ja^'^lf* I?"* "'.'^- *'^" »»»• TMc fine iTonS^B appiduse.] Or, avoiding so recent a move, shall I go " what yoa will, and paint it e'er so strong. affray had probably taken place. Large pools of was attended by Ms elder brother, who had tieen his Berrj. from New-Ioik, arr. hereat So'claextksizaat-from nnglaad? So w^ mw pul(.it, strong, Uuone hi Europe go down, appuenUvlSpHouse ?-Jiat a murderoustheoeaatoaaada novel, before a song and a toSI^ strongest sects In the Northern Slates—strong in theJiiw PORT, March 2L—Arr. scbr.tiev. W. C. LAsanoa. Rector of Grace Church ±<erry. from Harwich, far New-Tork. 81d.hcrk MmzL""' Phu^ipps was see? to- af~^-*?5 wark^olI •''large namnerof humau hajr•^''^'^'^ "i* wtfe underthe othera2d Us democrac^ The reign of ideas is coae."reliedyearswas the fruit of the It^ent backblood, apparently Indicating tkat tne vic- tims had been dra\*n from the caoji and isrown but more beautiful when, dowered into the ocean. A pool of blood was .fsiolj near .'iie onl- »°'' " this sueet and joins one hand with each of his brethren, s:Ofc of ine vtsse'. ana pr'nls 01 bioo-jjf Iiai <!« on theturmagj. Oarrila* T.that^erypalaee^;iS^>,r„ '?f'2.^"-s**"!. I eannot bear and says, "Come, let's make the old world better than rail. Pools o! blood aisa Rur:oundol ihe mi^l tear Parker Bhothkks' celebrated^S^eat^i^P'jtP, Iwo o.'OiavAh V^AiT--liie .iii-'.jii;. i". is (..orre say as much ci;»"»?*«Bt^ai wSSTta ,?=.r*'"HBut you will say "It's In thelife awayhe devoured,'*»:<! ^nk-'-wr.. s-'vt^.-^.! b-.;.rdrriil (..! i.'- f used :nBoard of L'nderwrilers.)^nkl_movecb^T,.l.^?,dSe/r^a^ck„nio'^^,^J real ftle-lgedh.ippy lime we!;frseiCslcuttaS'.f'XA"with the l^equaiey andinjuring Democrat isad- vises me to save my influence, oorl botUo it up.:t^-i.s%. Cept. 1,,^ .libiijict j oU»v tr.e ic^ai 2:tFerelgaFert*- J"d^l^10^*W^taeunoorted,whenne fornet i^it-Slickn.y,Mary Pit rce, Bsrtlett. for'?^^Wteitg*^:'Jte liberal ezteot of hisf«Ton,to mudei'>hecs^tsinand the twcWahu*>I^Wk>kCo,in oWpeople think, IIraty. hut thit be inheritM, and oader which the miiliofia rushed to a what a should havehas N. J., ai".' jtf. Ihe.e ia-".fiLaday. Nothingwa^: t*e*"-« hctktr ictemal or external their ofJ •* S.. Ion. 25 60. hlandioa Dudley—ship,"""«"" "ndsr one a"mtook from their arcliivcs an oldwhen tie soars aloftpcrtlonssehrs. John;reign^«rlltenhe feeds his young part, been sciomplirhed with tkat insircment. FromKuid and leveral ladles of New-York, friends ;Philadelphia,Holmes, McXIvare, do. tor FswtnckeLmiaceUaaad the olsunlight;Providenoe;'•tempest, In Rome, were pres-fiSs^" -^r-is^Vn"akeat Instltotlons. SU^/y was a '";^'' ^^ \ou30-," J-"'^'"''"''-"• r r.t: \\ rti:i.'i 'or the caupe. You will find the ^cbooner as :o i„£Kkoi's Can today al No. -'12"""» >'»"'« »is tileit's in the bold,under hU feet thinking he <te- .iiroyca the effect by destroying the evidence. Soh^OnrrvniT, as a family*ho»ld»«tperiUverythin"S by th^»?£'^i°'' '""i" door, maaly intellect of the statesmanatonav aiidVn«3, w»i«„ Tf rL'?":"""'S it upon the those great party banners that come down to us ^«prv»mJj.Maiadgguu«aty waves of Demncra; ? h„f ¥h,, h-BH"!iciiie, aie theGarbisov, [jiiTi-bs-ing r!i carto, Tbe .^Ildo c'leiii: K-ypjrt, ::.(ir posiiive reliabiiity ho every pnase of disease, Avon—Eng- ship. S., signalised,'^i^L"''t7rt "^^ior ne: to ifi/-ta«±totion» Then it"l..''^lmOMBtJon." We bo sooner eet un a fintir^-^ .ulook at it I asked a n»an, approaching ninety, wbose him in jatl. So it is with Gabxisox. Then there IsNi-ro-is,Wiimii'^tn?;. sir's^pg nerands'-.jp*:. c.:':j!:v her <io*nAmericans and Na lat- 33, ion. "3 60.flippancy with which we uihjuitpatentexceedinglyconcerned leststylebe£.:;ty.At Cape Town, C. G- H., Jiiiv'"wordwe haveWmk Oa article it xeprtsen's. DicBsm. has weUita serviejis dig ut nan djabohtnu ojfendat"HeandGa?, Gas.—New sas F.xtures for»f for Boston, via St. Helena,pataiMtUain oneof nis esaracters. He *Taatej ebawiag, aac covering half ao acre with aspaAsiatlaaa. aad whan the Englishman remon-"Pour oat thun- hLilattes-daypamplilets, der in single notes and It becomes a lullaby for"y-^ f„^tt ,,-.-epresem*.theBonng•Union, representingronficence and wealth of eighteenandbach a hundred years to the American Sunday Schoolago they in \SHOtract, aot earnest-thedown from thebut more beautifulwhen,ano blood, soouiLg that the murderous wo.k nad, laperhapspolitics, it's wholesome, out-.l.£Z'^'!:'l^\For-^u'^rs^J'i^roi^S will tell you in that Laths line, Politictu ttt— aie afr,*i*1 Washing- anotner cIbss men who exceedinglyenter the TractLLaugnter andindlcaungblood were found on ths foor c:In his last illness, which was of brief duration, beCBAKLKSTuN. March 90.—Ilss ateaashl* Oela^ia.parties,put the microscope*:'.:td. $2,0C^)SpakeBy Sc9* cheapest ever offered to the pablic bd. wasthere arc to find youafieiHaxiJs 2 u;..ii >f-s.£..,ty in..r.".-..g i'yO-;ofde, ; nignly recommend them.pietyApplause.]Very beautiful is the eagle, says Richtsb,above the and bataes clouds,chairs ai:d stove wereIn Confusion and disoriler. Atkfoogh the strata of a tbouaaod customs, defying say? '1 the we found it [i^olonged applause.] agiin, four.dfor Jacmei. is ashore on the Hook, and fall 9t wai**. at a much iesr rate. Indispensable at tbe breakfast, St. Tbokas. Feb. St.—Tbe schr. Jam*i Xnglkk.(Ttke keenest stasa ofideas af a generation dashed themselves to pieces aaaiaatthemlikeseabirds agalnatallght^jiause, or like the wreck upon the coast In a storm. JVo«. if Me have got any luob institutions—tbat li,One nas a onlyto:procure bot-grocer to test Ita savorywithaoar|*»' sugar and molasses, bd. to New- Qaveo, spmajra isaksapopolar .enthusiasa,Ww.s'flfait^siaindM^tShLe n" it, star -ide the door." reformer w ith the guilt of the institution he has found taken ii. chaise by the C:.ptdin of the s-.ncoijer.1u.icbord:3re.-taoie.K we hare j|«t any.jaachlnery, anchored in the convictions, hab-ns, prejudices tnd associations of a^tae?„j:p. cf tiitviole_nt N. W. gale, which ihe lost asset ofto souibward. and. cargo, finally gotarr. this morcinir. The ship Peeriasa. *«»»•"^mistakeslE2.»a'^K '"''? ""*"• ^"<1 "y- 'V'Jt fw » fo'*'-f^a^'i.il4k,„r.*C??? ai.^?"'""""'"" '°>"»'e into ywjucg-our Intelleeiual, Uterary, or raligiau;, lute lecual (ADplause.] I read of01leftSfrjig-street o.,;k or concsti:;? o'*h-eere.-Kej'.er smnudlate aad certain.port, and&»x, Gregorj. arr. on the y2d. with a cargo of dsrtSjO*-'"'«="-lf »e' have got '«»TM«enlaUve, of the average 5S^I" ^Vn^y ago, rtroDg bec«.« It Is ofd,oajap (o-"theibe Ij:h inst -Kilh a crew ,* In that ooadlU*ZSl lasStuSf^"""^?"anyplausiblecerU'-LLOWAT's Pills audcentury sao—ableof you, fair -ndi- .Tiav'callof the present moment by tlie "anl tke Cn.?i) ?ri„""= .ciei-g>man 'Now-Hsven. Porto Rico. frcmAqnadiUa,battleyour safe, cautious balanced leader that will save lioetthe nob than on thel-trin d«.Stagphaw-Kng. brig, Mion. «4ds. from Newcastle «>r new;gone furthtrOQ the shoute of„._. „.—k laof the and largestFeignSome lijinggeniuseinsup to your song."thecaMn, ana ta^ie, s-,iattered. Everyti:ing wastraveling companion, and from Americans resident infvome he recelveo many and delicate attentions.at QB**n*ttfeB<l*»iblife touched the very Cabinet oftOD. what was hie Idea ot a politician. Said be. -Q that we arealaiost 10 int- fca'f:"-', edge, act; to r'ni'i'y: -r^yn^'-r. ihoD''mocrat8,^__^__politicalRepublicans,Union mi-n are united in prouounclnirStates ? FsurteenRome, Mr. Stocxroa, tne American Mlnis'er, andFox. aad.Mr. GLXstwoBTH, United Stales Consul, were especiallyof bis; itSouth. It came to them in clouds. ones who cry and are starving." So, very beautiful, tne cablB-dour to the side ef tnejessel there were family, wbu happened to be then readv sympatttyfor Portlandftecaa, M4*nen said,•ao aaanasn wave of popular supremacyvaa the B^.of Biscay to.the very loct of toe CzarJtat wa wailed six months, and the turrets and tow-•nafoldlaatlditloaareappearedabovethesubsid- aUi.efIntheauoience,andnextmorning.Monday, daiiityperiods hecomesdownintothe thescupneri',andthereweretracesofiion las.svaTes. Capital and the /esult roUsd back into ne iiad rushed hastily, stuttetiag. Into the study with all that be has gained,ness of the Missouri debate. It went the w/eag way.plungingdouotlefs, is the scholar when secluded in the .Acad-w. nai old tlie Directors""sn had pleached against theft, and there had beenniaiksoffent to soothe nis last hours by that "tich is e ,f r tbe most efficient solaceof ana Ule painJ. A. H.say!Itwas as if aclergyemy be tiims his quaint obrases, :and balances hisyour institutions,ir.iEomvprice and ecnvenlence in cases of acci- cot. March 16, lat. 31 J2homo What la a Is a man who serves God just socf hat e, _,,„ ^.it'sinwith d'm. 'o;Feb. «, 1**-^for Bostsa.W:ir Eagle-brig, strg. S. 6. E., was passed.i>ollticlan?'ar as r.nt to offend the devt.'." OrasCAXLVLa has [Laughter.] But .ScEHUtasassalmost Iranslated It in one of cnll-tbe hel£D,i'-Uipin,; at"himself inw4s fou::d on which were; schr. J. F. Carver, tor Bath,upTbe Ughter-iloop Adams went aahsn,a tkrone,'oompared with which tuat ofI^eviaFnuTneraabata sbadow, striking thelrroots Wk=. i^" iH^"^ sermon had been against theit Then, the wi.-ti;!K.,s, and :he red irace* of criicc were Sauce is 'cvtriot to all ottiers now in use, and soldpreach another criticism. Men always cliarge the CD tbe mast and Ksils. Tne vcasoi was '"= out there isDirectors? "Gentlemen we neverind foa.iitle fron a-iv»eb. 1, when about StO.mUes W. S. W.ameantyoushouldseethatplaten, a-na we will never d„ ,oS'?b^was to be blamed for all the troobleafterwii- .ji thetteara-:ugCeres tow,respectable oi.ttfs supplied byfro"?«TM^&to ; we will burn it ; the sSeotfoeUm'^ bo*hvesseli<iua;;;ie!.i:eekii:aj.-;i.-e: I, sole agentPaaxaa, No. 19 United States.upreached within 8 miles of theSD; but was Wownwewillbreaic ud-jitract Jsout• asIfGassisou roaoebytheAnti-Slaveryen'.erpriBe—somewhatMfe the Greenlander who, when he wanted to lurxie.-u'.e tbe coldness of tbe weather, boiled the thermom';te.-.oia'el a west wiud, vane in that dlrectiin.who,siiorilyi; a;o;'g.r •', h* '.je.-n to Ful.on .MarlieLA. J.SLd bore lor these IslaDds. made thess Fwo. U-aawa'^ata!" [Applause.] Now, are these varied bit\\i;hnever have.pregnant mstances-famihar to j-ou, n;o.ttrite to most of you—are auv perhaps they caUooofthetuuicjconservatismofwhatwe!^Ti:r!ir:i;R, Isacrlflctuc aclasses? If they are. seek not ia tiiat leader of your reform hosts.sloi was exhibiting to him a drop of wator under aryoysters,ixni>£ iccess.IOnly 29[applause and laughter,] or like a funny class hacincollege,who,anxious to have cl'mbedupandnailedtheCapta-'n age'slooo a^out 31lASiMllwiaiiuHHFS. WIHSI.DW'S BOOnnNO BTltUP.upa microscope, toshow him how mucn aijoiai:a d:to Liverpool, water logged. Ha^beenthat he might take him from the worship of the sacred co»-,Shi-h Watts ; tic name of the Ib'rd isthey can only strangleBut tiutho'If Gaulbo could o'ctofK, whi'U slif: tuit in:. li.e sci;^/}i.t" j'vfiK S, .L'a-from the of eloquent lips. (Applause.) which az.^ rielovv tae dangers Democracy." W6ll,-iet^j^ have bten answered, the Pope would not have put t*>r,rapidity cure,should the and he Injure Anti-Slevery enterprise,llghtatlbetiine.au.B:uad»ay,t"""•i°"n •"Ihis re- inollos.giofiouBwarcrles; and Uwy flourish In their the note shocks Heaven." The people never got ii-' opportua!:y, afler tie ve=ce; got cntskie of SanOyknow thesev>].o nrnt .a the vessel took theSaverltiht buid banners written all over with noble ,belr lights hut by the tauiuler of artilsiy demand-inanoKCs: cur laannfacWring dCpOt, greatNe»-York Cerlto,Crowell,dodo. iaatdg.politicianBfheysplendid dren Ibut poor it in one gashing, loyal sotmd, ;indpcrFciitrade be w.ilNloltfs. fiir:MatchI..Id.i.._Bigd|aeT^r ^»i*|-;.'t!;i!(:) rsmevei;toA'i-.'?"B-6a'ii'»iopposite;Untitled DocumentHook,young men,I;windows,Clark, and grandson of Ambrose L, Jordan, aged a. Feb. f, passed Gibraltar Feb. X>. with iratt, ka.. ta Ja*. years. Robinson.;C*r»Ben>them some question like Temperance or Slave- the immrnsc patronage whloh is held aad contreled hy vtolenee. The woman, whose Injniles (suppoeed to^SvS^Becod lr„.,_^,.____ .,_,Saxonla.which have endured, more WhiteHouse.lt will not be Wall- street that carries, ted to fill this vacency. It was referred. Tbe auanger, however, tmacqnaiated wttktko ragoe hta- CIiyofManehsstar.Mai'. T....LiTar«eeL..-or in Parties, tlie watoh-words of warfare,Wall-street1TTirtiiiii;pre- tence of a breakwater against the mlatakes of the,directing DepartmentthatGianuaar School«ala«arhMory down te the preaent laoment, aotUag waa conservative lotuce of influence or resistance Biau Speaker of tbe Haute of Bepresentattvaa, and tbe BoardMt"•m^ there li a woaderfol reaehlac after Befbna— mllUonsat the present moment I am going, with Exchange and made a speech, that might have found shall receive more than $750 per annnm, and no the but " Poor Niagaraltopthe meiita of BannT WiuiAKi, Jaaar BaTAsr, andJtairaraaeat. Tory InaagaratiaB any of these to be aavihlng like an independeat vaolteor Wall- street it was the people that made annum. After a long debate the matter wu reCanad Yoimg Man," wkoae naaea itara tn hngePersia.Mar. Sl....Uv*n>oeL... roa Tn win nan*.Ba^Bra,wasResolved. Thmt this Committee is In favor of the nom- itself to Ihe world aa tke great original granite Btabbs. Mr.Voylaa.might taatotha «iathod,bnt it seems to me that the I sa to tte aetnal neGCssity, In some respectsBark me, I am not finding fault with the love of the ing sny fault with Democracy or Republicanism. I8i VAX!) for the Presldeosy.The lollowing resolution, after some discussion,adjooined.that it 'fiiat l^seUt. Well, wealth must be potent—every- er, but that which molds the future Is the sentlmente Tonio HiR's RiPCBLiCAir CsmKAL Cohkit- rattling coach. Tboagh tke idea tkat It waa ended Kanak1 that the Yaakee blood old aet begin bn- to the mistskes of the masses Thebows to tbethemeaaily legibleto tkewayfartng man,even In aSotoMar. Z>.... Mar. a*.N-ew-T-alkthereiare," efthe that below. Tix.—A of this Committeewasheld ried wealth and infloence, and it does not lie in the to the fourtn. If not wealth, the Press, nor politics, at the head- quarters Iu Broadway last evening, the« aoHBaaity, aad larrannded by the atmos- of to their divorce." perhaps it Is the Church. Now, before I to tnewltk eartleada of sand wherein antic urchins amuse the public wlUi gymnasUe exhlbWaosiima —;and let us takepoliticianpresentconaervatlvepow-geto ImproTe. I think,be aaalaci for me, te-aii^ in raeh where potent As Josn BaavoirB said, God mar- millions stand But let me pass on regular meetingforevensuchanirpoaewouldbesertonalyweakened by the negligent appearance of the space about it,Pin r.irD.BeyBold*, Isaac Moi as such, is desirable. I dont where the aln of not being rich la only atoned for by that In this ciitlelsm I am finding aay fault with onr resolntlon, offered by Mr. Pabok, of the Twelfth of ground tumbling and wrestling. By a happy co- Master Wb. Msr^a. Jamespower humanity prownmceearnest eflforts to become rich. [Laughter.] But own method, or otir own Institntions. I am not find- Ward,sfsansA^ Ineidenee Bamnni% interrogattva adTerHaementkas King. T. Daren. P. MeCarmadt.pass '^taM af neh a spirit, to endearor to eeoTiaee And wealth must be potent in a community Uke ours, Church, let me say one single word. Don't ImagiheChairman, C. 8. Spxnoxa, presiding.The followinga,mtm ttatWhk I tkanld •Boonater a doubt of it SonMalmighty dollar, said to be so common amosig oa. Iadore both. [ Applause.] I look upon the world, with"What Is It"Sertously, the shabby eandiUoB in wkiekeor pub- In tkip Snew StaaU,/romSilic grounds are suffered to lie la a dlagraoe to the and son.lecognixe rather the peculiar function, which God hasAsn, woold be so exceedingly small in number assigned to us as a generation. For iu he haa given a school. Everything we see ahont us Is but was adopted by a vote of Z3 to 13.kIkadJasBssIon would be hardly worth tlu time. the coamiaad' to gird the Continent, to dot it with a temporary scaffoldage, by which God buildsReaotvfd, That this Committee earnestly arge apen City. They are waste lands wkiek decentVttsn be anybody, therefore, whoIte wealth, Ito literature, and Ite government, as onlvIn hark F. Danig, from PmboUdings would much better ad«n than tke tmatgMly mbblahwhich now aecnmnlale* in tbaai.alaiiiail aad reported to the Leglslatare what will be time for the leisure end the wealth of cannot wait to infer It from books. He flings upon have so long maintained against the politioai power of down with hla 1st, and tkat she received no otherthinks thatmanyoceans withup the human souL[Loud An ed- applause.]incumbents will end onthe 1st of June next.certainly supsose observation of ita base, that a drama-loving people had determined thos iesene from tatore ooUvion... .LlTarpaaL.._Mar. W....Llv«5oa,... .Mar. n....UTBr«oeL...Uverpoal.... Mav. M....UTerasQI...-:rcBOTal of mbblita aad tiM eoBaMDcament ofthentm con :ination of w u. H. •- -« •Mrs. ~ MeKay, J,adoptedblossomed ont upon it. Tku* lakalad It A. M- proclaimsMcKay.Theto our standard-bearers, wbose banners had been given upon his family while looking forward to> h ppy re-and free•Btae 4th day of July, 70, ttaej' contemplated uid I mean, of course, Edwaxd Evx&stt. You know he the catelogue of great men. But martyrs never come to the breeze from clothes-lines on house-tops and in union. In their affliction they have the earnest sym- Bchr. Martha Skinner, Amidon, (liiailikiiig'M i*whom were namedfor 40 dB.— letter to Sllwood Walter, Esq., Ouueesiy (Byrange.washerwomen, the severity of the blow that has so suddenly fallenCor* a=r-<:tant. Dr. Bouuhto.v. ;i.-forthear.ilij,-rfi'i.K-cwai- (.tos'is liwss. o. :sl:p. L. 1.,>,.»:..,.';.<! iicR a lumU;.- at izai rila'-e. The vtssr;!Ili-'.ilcTs t' r>or.,es are now used every year In the a Hindoo, when a mis- n»: Been charfirei to go 10 V..-ginia for i Ijid Un.'td aunt' :orchlldren teething, with never-failingo^^y korjjTM^ by pwusa^ at the leak, which was la tkeoea^h..^-Ii u.vf-<'!Kiii:,!,. T.Setlcnal I NiCAXtf''?' £of ::.c s- .- .r.r-> s:.-cs r.'lHt :; Wi.s quite :-j»!i.gIand tbe fcoiitTlt'ie ure Vbriouft t^'toi 14-6 cr.>:,ceriL'j)g this myste-•*«the ;iaviis.lioLs affair, tie most pUusit.e of whl'ib Is ILatthedifficulty,hemisphere— repoeeandof the olderHis mortal temaiiiESchr. Mereer Tayler. -^—keenskliialsa»l»ian*avte<iaaad Paiha. Bnt Its aiaaameBta mmmswsislii_^ OtiiImI HMb ^tMBaltLakaattrTteaTirSLSml 'PiJiBeBythe snbltme wha and•ogkfare and entiatkattheHe will settle tbeCity ot Baltimorea<;optingthat It was elected Inof the nation's founder. this be really Its dealga, it skonid be made erldeatpose. AraM*.- But badly-eared far as Is tke Park, It snrp'asaea Bavaria.andpaid $450,300 of City bonds, on which money had money drawer and the contents of a small deak war* Cominghave arrived up to March 21 duringStreetCommlssionar.RaaiBPmul; andpassengerstoS.L.MiichiUk0*. ;week. The date were $65,451 09days.king has swept through the City on the wingsof the v*ind and lighted the train of powder that our The men City authorities had permitted to be laid in everyprecedingleaving a balance of commutation funds of $12,428 70.WindaandYou will not need them— and in our streets for the last few The storm-;disbursements, $41,3(9 23;RepairsSupplies,BasKAls847 of them thetlensThe equinoctial war has been fiercely waged by Republicans.EquinoctialOmnipotent Diut<ThecomDpeomsoecdrats of theWard have re-nominated Maxtis Kalbflxisch for Al- derman and Jobs Gasxiboh for tn theto the same Esmrsn Daisos Commissioner of—CiTT Court. Calendar for this dayBiek and other* in their shippedward Lorraine Clark, son of Sdwaid and Oarollne J. bark,,.Joy.surest aid tohopeand faith.temoon. on the rocks on the north ysalartaya^ sidewflfMaHWwho,year ago,B. PerUns,do..do.the elements, when the sun enters Ariu, should, to achievements of art which in life he appreciated souse a rife Americanism, become rambunctious. Nei- clearly ana loved so well ; and we humbly bat firmly Belaw.:himself,examtaeo bark Pearl. BartleU. (whaler! f>to i"At Jacmei. Feb. 29scarce abade him fareehlaf- modal,Av-as^A^Im,^_M-il:andnoH tetan.Mar.toile of tke town, wlwa raeomrad froa tkegossip Ktaa Mar. M.-.-Ura^eiil...-ters from the pedeatal wltk a dlatlnctnesa that makesheaped upMaxch SL^JaDelaneey streets, waa broken into by man. Stamvard. New-9aren, ssasterandO'Nxn.. There are now three sets of condldates inthe field for these offices, two nominated by Coovan'.trust that his spirit is gone to that bettor land where Ship Barnabas Webb, Liverpool 33 ds., at aacksrtB the Bar.—B> steamtag Achilles. Capt. Hsnnasn.nearer friends.Generous to a fault, manly, and In the truest sense brig going up the Swash. Ship Defiance asborehen aaaexbibltlnB towards those more intimate- same as at the last socount. Wind a gale tnm H. w.of could have led to solace their grief.Soothe') by tbe leflectiuo, we turn, as they will do, brig Marj Holland, Tom Glasgow. -^kt.—,Her bowsprit was gone, her sails antidraggingalongside,andtherewasno hii;herlifetoHhichhehasgoneforward,allthebright Below.DrigDouslas.^"fr"o"m-.a.t.^^MiafrtitJaSla:."nOfSfJT?''^"^boarding her, Ctpuwith blood, and found human hair, matted with gore,SavannsH- March 21.—Ths (taaauklaAngasta arc at Tvbee alio o'clock Tuesday night, aad at her wk*tf At t>> o'clock Wednesday evenlDg. AH well.from tne suffering of his departure, not in utter sor- from Baltimore;^'f.Jg^'S^ iSSS'_ Baady Bosk. T!« WAoa* _,_ .nI.Meany, Wells, Anoya, Sieelan, Le 610*. Bnrtn. .ThoBipsoB * Hunter ; Althea, Ceraon. BaTi Bnssell ; Dorado, Hipton, Bockport, aaata. , .Hott k Co. Keating.;Mnskingnm, Biggins, Laraeea, _OakltrlMa*ia, Meyer*.J. A. Stanly, Jackson. Cbarlaatoa, 1:CO. with ship Spitfire, Areyhaving been down sick with d7sentei7. LeadBarkF.Doaing, Higglns, Para March I.witklatlK rubber toB. Incoming & Co.with hides, he to JF.Brig John Freeman, (of Boston.) Crowell. fttaamaof Afiica, Feb. IS, with hides and psanal*Is now no more Schr. Empire. Lowell, Vareaam. wltk aaSa.in the Protest-Daanls, wltk lak.,WIND—N. W. aad (n*k • P. IL, a- jfrom JaekaooTiBa. Also, 1 ship, barks and bng.Fish, frsm Liverpoolbark American, fto» Msta*fai^C.all the vessels bd. E. Passed Ball, from forM London Club Tbe scbr. Defiance, of Hamoton, Capt. B*TaM*>iaMa1Island, where she stlil lies high ap on tke b aiborethetreboardandcase,andstoppedthem. Had waterinthebold. Shethensteeredheroeursefcr^mN.,Trrk, March 16. lat 31 IS, Ion. •6 20. , Barsa "H._Simon » "chn-H^Wjl^'^Ta IA?).. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 