 ' ?f**'City taa summer. Mr. Deuvan's course appears at the close of the Crimean war, levelled ting straight from tbe shoulder, and, moreover,k , * D a * 7 Of MUSIC,VTAhbAWSm#e.» tsarsw*We published on Saturday aoooonts from Call,In any event, the Stay-et-Home Club will have the advantage of the fashionables who go away this year. The summer season has set inSreSet JabsWSsa* g*S'"0setaet<vN • - * • * • • '•ot aCool I gSj wfwatonay. Ho a latere.basbv tforssawjstgaeatoa*1 be'inters*fheProsidi a ate pew* bttnjurtou oA I I treaty,setreaort,aad and official Britain. 1ft »un<aavtagabi de *rmlte« lor the ear seh of wa among ouThere* of the Me:,-imW YORK HBRALD, MONDAY. JUNR 4, MW»NEW YORK HERALD.•n hi^d (H"fi«rcas of bj the Vaaderbtit, which we publish this mora- Europe, b* stahdw above them an, i>k- SwAtffed hrtk*n of the UfUn if & stalk Ikfwiig FIIMI M A .Condition of the Africtuu at*"* . •-—ill111 M-||stf»DO» |AlEl so:~ ~"grnos"'*w7Sm D*[-7 anutDIf.• • • » BXIOB uro nonoB*among bis brethren, and bf a title f*r m »rr——*p*Wave comfortable homee in the city to be made obligations, when the slave trade would be First Notwithstanding the fabricated reports wlrepaller behind the scenes. T ale him all in grandizement of a set of extortionate tavern- sage, tbe President alluded to the above namedKe*» Taw*, •earns—namthe ssafi steamship Northern light, Copt Twklepaugh,is a King of France, set out in the cold for thetriots and sages, the Fourth of July, the Eighth In loodbesltb The prison a already crowded—than betag some forty-five tn charge of the Marshal sad tailem ease* at hAtf-patt tea o'clock to marrow morning. **» na* Team W a n * H«aiu>-Cillf<»rai*eiaio»-. parte wf Bkily.Ths Turkish question was dafly assuming moretaporteace, and the crowned heads of Europe sawthis leads us to the next point in the news.aboat. The most awful accounts are sent to Washington, and appropriations are made fora t tSTew*'homan traffic.believe that English statesmen permit the trade tocontinueinordertbatthey may secureap- prentices to cultivate thsir deserted lands in the British West Indies. Under all these cir- cumMances, it is the duty of our government to call upon tbe present government of Greattant and full of interest The points of this in- will on the political stage, whether ittelligence are as follows:— peace or in war, as puppet* are m»v«*d by «h- very mherable in the country, for the ag- broken np altogether. In his last annual mes-mmm•TBsunniK> **W8 ejBa4ss*ej*a*sva»*i*ai*ia»«wss* Wit k »Haw* b» tt»ea*p<ct of Aff»>r» UKEstrop*alone.fsrebodkgs of war In every political cloud.The Derby races took place on the 22d, and Um- vious intelligence that Austria, who was appealedpire came fc the eleventh. The race was won by to by England, will not interfere as to theSwiss ffaersumbv. portion of Savoy, which Napoleon desires in or- The steamship Gahawba, Oapt Smith, arrived der to make his frontier complete. Austria says,berelastomer lag from Havana, with dates to thelOta uit. The only items of importance are the she was engaged in a deadly straggle withLarge bodies of regulars are sent out, govern- ment contractors wax fat, and when the job iscountless equipages and crowds of equestrianscollection of aassrtoaa seeda from the American Agri cultural and Horticultural societies.Blavtlradt—IncrtateqfOu Colonial Key West bf O* Oargo <j the Bogota—Pdticy /or Orfr Mqtostton—tfe OsfSsm end Crew in Havana, tie.As emsmmpado negroes are BOW ootapytag the attca.particulars of the captors of the slaver Bogota,France, England did not assist her, and now letof presenting them as they came, in order to save trouble for themselves as well as tor the Smbaar/.give them a few refreshing Boms from taa quarter af the world.The United States war steamer Crusader, Command*with over 500 slaves on board, making the number England take her own course, and let the for-conduct of the Indians in the old States, andThe Chamberlaincy difficulty continues to be a entered into the old treaty, by which Russia•abject of general discussion. In consequence of the deciskn of the Corporation Counsel as to the irresponsibility of Mr. Stout's sureties for moneys received by that gentleman since his assumed legal removal by Mayor Wood, a new bond to secure the funds entrusted to him has been accepted by the Comptroller.On Saturday, in the Superior Court,finaljudg- ment was rendered in the Forrest divorce caw. The Court criered that Mr. Forrest should pay into the Uiited States Trust Company in New York,for the benefit of Mrs. Forrest, the sum of $35,393, being the amoant adjudged, and also $966 98 for coats, disbursements, Ac.A full account of the doings of the " fancy" at Willctt's Point on Saturday, and the manner in whl:h ti*y were clubbed and beaten by the tleu-opclitan police are given, in our columns this morning.can work her will in the East, while France has her fling in the West Thus, between them, they will rule all Europe. Accordingly, we learn by this arrival that the Russian troops in the Southern provinces are placed on a war footing. The mouths of the Danube and the Danubian Principalities, which Russia lost by the last war with France and England, will soon again become her prey. England, we are told, will not agree to have the Eastern ques- tion settled by conference, because she knows that her interests would be Ignored in such a conclave, and that she would be outvoted on every issue. But it will soon settle itself, with-out her assistance. Austria, crippled and pow- erless, will not dare to utter a remonstrance, but, on the contrary, will be very glad to be permitted to retain what she has. The condi-that the employment of militia as Indian fight- ers is an utter absurdity. More useless, unre-which are so graphically described by theyou again in New York "To this the Governor tallied that he hoped to haveJaces Bfcead, a nail contractor in Illinois, wascc Saturday arrested by a special agent of the tion of Hungary, ready to throw off her yoke, Tost Office Department, charged with robbing the is the frail bond which France and Russia hold tnau.4 TliS extent of the robbery is not known, for the good behavior of Austria. And as for tut it is supposed to be large.of Scotland have been denuded of their hardy treated, they took leave of Mtdame and Professor Henry very late cheated Seward o! jour 8Ut* and most sroml- neni m pretension before the axugttor ccavenuon at Cci-V enderbut—ImportantThe details of the political news from Europe ine, aod of which we gave a telegraphic mm-clan-d uttnct r.y tb«*seat out by the Neapolitan government of the all. he is by far the greatest statesman to En-utter rout of Garibaldi in Sicily, that warrior U rope, and the ablest man who ever wielded not oaly not defeated, but had defeated aod the sceptre of France, since the days cfkeepers, the uraal run of persons who keep what are called hotels at fashionable watering places.circumstance, aad a resolution on tbe subject was introduced in Congress, since which tune nothing has been dons about it It Is now quite time thst Congress moved in the matter Let the resolution be taken up and passed at once.THE RESULT OF THE DEBUT—UMPIBE BADLT BEATEN.—We publish to day some account of the great Derby race, in which Mr. Ten Broeck's horse empire was considered to stand well to win, but came to the post behind ten competi-where rising fat his favor and fiockiog to his standard, and the chances of his ultimate suc- cess and complete poeueeeion of the island werea body of militia, organized for the purpose of arresting several Indiana accused ot muroeriog several whites while they were asleep, at Mil-gers—Southern planters and loungers, Western merchants, speculators aod rail maulers, North- ern saints and Eastern sinners, Medea and Par- tisans. Buckeyes, Hoosiers, Crackers and" -T<-d»y, r>r>twit&«tMn<"Dg *h* parehaanj* treaty©<1615,r»j »Mch b«sdya«i»*y**• •>•ecu* than thftt hy which «bey hoM •Vtr hotCityif Baltimore',wtUbefound highlyimpor- teihg throne*,aod be amves tbf-m %»>>rit a markeddiminutioninthenumberofpersonswho BritaintocompelSpain to respect her treaty•taffy yesterday, from 8t. Johns, N. ¥., by theCharkmagne.f a t Lmst lmaltam W a r .drives back the royal troops sent to meet htm.and had proceeded on his victorious marobthrough the Island to the Investiture of UorellUwhich commands Palermo, the capital aod foreia to 18th of May. The most importantHem very briskly. The town is already full of stran- strongholdofSicily. Thepeople wereevery- Inthenewswastheaccountofabattlebe*,weenKkflUT31ATS*, SrofcHrmj.- BlOtSUOT —0l> speaks volumes. The King sent out miles from the valley settlements. The militia Wolverines, dwellers in Mesopotamia and tors. Umpire being sn American horse, aoddecidedly strong. There is one fact which General Filanghieri with a proclamationlet's station, on Canon river, about thirtyto theinsurgents Iffore* altogether amounted to about one hun- dred men, who were attacked by a greatly su- perior force of Indians on the 12th of May,Pbrygia. and the countries beyond the Nile—all tanning themselves nicely under the rays of the sun, which shines on the justhaving an extended reputation for speed, the race attracted a great deal of attention here* sad its result will be mortifying to a greatofferingthey would lay down their arms-a proposition which, considering the bloody, about sixty miles from Virginia city, the prin- and the unjust, on Nassau and Wall streets, on many persons whose national pride inducedin effect, that it is none of her business. When have all along been in favor of peace. This latter fact is proven beyond ail question by thethe rage among all the pretty women in town), is the theme of praise from every tongue.People who wish to see the metropolis in itsThe presents had been aconmnlatiag ever since beforedeemed it advisable to present them ail at once, instead tion of your national legWlators, it will be not amas arests sad Co fromiPrussia, she is too much alarmed for the safety Taa oottoc aukriet oa aatarday was Inactive, and closel of ber Rhenish provinces on the lefc bank of;_ i how to capoesets yourselves of this ratal But while this exodus is on foot from Eu- or Thu'fcdsy, unless EonaiUr.^ L.ivr-s in the meat'..r.e V- t.ari: t:L»:::.,') •*** ^ <*«cxjr at W)• a i l , fiat withczt quotable change hi prtoea The salsa wore-cenSaxs tc a few hundred bales, aad in small lota. Meats* ml common grades of State aad Western floor wore heavy aad rather easier, while extras were na- S h i n e s ' Tfcecblef dem*ndw»* from the domestic trade ems ear expert anthem osor was steady, with a fair —eaa'< <rf sales at aashasgad prtoea. Wheat was la (air expert d3xaa£, though lor some eaasrtatssas prtoea were trragu? ta* sales ware to a fan* extant. The arrivals af snrs ware large aad prices easier, while •alas were acwre, havtag reached, la the aggregate, about IK .Xtlaahela Pork was firmer and mora acure. eaiae of new cess were made at SIT 87« a SIT 94, and of caw primJ si $13 60, warn same sales of new mess, far fafcre daivery, st p. t Sogara were steadef tn s 7Ci shea, rtsrts Boos ud Caha of BMsneat ta prtors.the Rhine—that natural boundary which France very much needs in addition to the Alps. She is too much alarmed on this vital point to at- tempt to interfere with the designs of the two emperors, last she should precipitate what she so much dreads.The fourth and last point of the news is, that the Chinese government absolutely refuses the ultimatum of England and France, and that war is the only alternative.All these complications and movements showthat Napoleon is master of the situation, andthat, surveying the political chessboard, herope to America, there seems to be an exodus to prevent.Last night the AmbaBiad^nj, • - Icm^u; " ai d t wo or w v Ji?tt cost urea the national puree. If "tbey arl sent where they really otght to belong—to BtaMon, al- ihi\. for Handler oihrr places interested aline in lbscan move the pieces as he pleases, while J M,OC«baaaasi of e o n wars ssffagedla bulk aad his adversaries are in check, and cannotonly send to Europe large numbers of people but of a different class, to spend money among our friends there—each of whom may be put down as worth, say, three thousand dollars— but we send large quantities of gold as well, to keep their bank accounts square. The'English journals need not complain so hard of the Irish exodus, then; perhaps, after all, weTo-day a party of some J.z*.., including the Princes, iuoempasy wtthCap'aln Porter, went out riding en horse-back, and they attiacted tie same carioci crcwd of bors,niggers, loafers, ex., in the streU wherever they wect^as the company of mounted ragunuOIns which sometimesparade the streets In the vkrnii; c. Dry Dod, New York.Tbey have a style peculhu .> their own of riding, which isstanoing up in their sttrn.^ md churning up aad downwhen the h o n e trots or g,c*s faster than a walk. Eachsash»'saaswawUiwpeslst7^taSC;flwwasaiaaare about quits.,rider carTies from two to thrse swords apiece, his hatabout the size of a cemm-a umbre'uA, and he generally at i you do avoid your just,reasonableand beasts was-advance to attack him. Owing to the pe- spot at all, or only arriving after the evil is W ^ • • W ^ ^ ^ — I — — I — . m i IIIMMI culiar relations of Russia to the Danubian done. But on this occasion they were exceed-gbt:ene, by returning totm io the coast of s^ea—tsiiar barelegged at that. part or colony on tali exert—tbat many rf^"*^'r^i ANOTHER SLAVER CAPTURED m THE GULF.—We Among the presents which the girls bavs sent 'Tom- in a year from the time yoacomxue thtmtawre, as townshave iLe oona7£.±: tC^*J <* l^1 •»«*« my" a a Testament This "tommy" a a good de*1 comfortably and happily cVmiei.ed endsr theshadowottibuMed about, as the B»b«s a prohibited in his country' tne Boyal Palm, which so gracefully inttaaws te* Wsss- capture of a slaver by the United States OTVU^T* "romat, « cjjfti iftfc, upUBaa aflfatcii*>«»° * * «be ugs ot heaven for earth and those waotoilupas tttwe-salsafjsaatxi.Taa PUBLIC HBALIH AKD THK Crrr LVSPEC- Principalities, of Austria to Hungary, TOa - T t s City Inspector la nuking laudable of Prussia to the Rhenish provinces,ingly prompt and efficient, for which we give them all due credit It is complained, indeed, that they acted with great severity in making the arrests; but probably they conceived it ne- cessary to exercise more than ordinary violence in dispersing a crowd of men whose habits are not of the most peaceful or lamblike character. Indealingwithdesperatefellowslikethese— Knights of the Muscle—who are given to bit-mflhrta to keep the city in a clean and healthy Conifticfi, and if the Common Council will only take too proper aasemuss to support him, and give uia: the power to enforoe the ordinances •cabtt tie accumulation of garbage and otherof Denmark to Holstein-Schleswig, of Eng- land to China, and of France to Italy, the Powers of Europe must either let the Em- peror of the French hare his way, or consent to a conference in which the treaty of Vienna,off the coast of Cuba. The vessel taken is a bark, and sailed under French colors. She had on board over four hundred negroes, who have been landed at Key West, and provided with temporary shelter by the United States Marshal.Thulastinstalmentmakesthewhole number of negroes at Key West about seventeen hundred, all of whom will be taken back to Africa and fed and lodged by our governmeat for a year, at an expense of a quarter of a mil- lion dollars.The frequency of these captures, that above alluded to being the third within a month, calls for some decided action on the part of Congress. Whatever may be the opinions of a few intemperate brawlers at the South. the moral sentiment of the country, in every section thereof, is strongly in favor of puttingplons gift, hot trembles all over (or fesr tbe fyec^o wli- hear thai he a inclined to Vcome a Christian; then'Tommy" win have to rip brmwstr openYankee ingenuiiy cannot he excelled, ai a shown fromthe fact that several of taa cass are here doing a use business in selling, at mosi eiiiavageat prices, Japanese trmketsofeverydescriptcz,broughtherefromNew York, the parties alleging, however, that they v ere par chased from the Embassy.•«m It a to idle ta k.hut lmpe'atve fact to bs rssiaea. CoptaiS MafXt, hnv»f found so flag nor ship's seosrs on boardo? the Scgcta,brought the officers atu ere»•• their own reanete, to taa port, «dB*d*«af that hs m«DOright to cause their detehttua by tha Ltass BW*Waa:eba! at Key Wort.TfceJantTermofthaUv Coarts. Ihls being the first Monday of the month, the Jsastsrm of the tew cjsfrts will be eommeneed. The oaten dare st.il cotum'many Important wwfls, and as the s:a m*r rsenttoc a fast approaehtag. efa*te wtUbo •»***•• bring causes to an Msec. In the CaBed Sutes Ores* Court, which has just disposed of Hicks, there wf£ as more crlaumal tr !eB for offences oa the high seas menced on Thsreday nextCAXBKSaB SOS THIS DATBrnmaa Corsat—Cteccn^Part 8e0mS, teaat., t1e0Ma,.Wi . •»• 81S, 4«*. 181, 41, SSI, ISS, SB>,» m.m,.atae\.aswtei,.ww.ienmmouswisaaoeainthastremta,wemayhave) levelledagainsttheNapoleondynasty,willbe «ot oaljapsrfoctly clean, but a vary healthy, wiped out on one side, and the treaty of 1856,tc BMt the cosamemdatiuu of soma of ppj lead-*|njf^jai^-ahiwa|»^tl»Cofmor^ g^f^hoa^iagM^ » thara y «^against the progress of Russia, will be oblite- rated on the other side. After Napoleon Ill- entered on his bold career in the Italian war, anwho are rarely unarmed—it is probable that the police thought that if they should suffer any cheek at all in the performance of their duty they would be certain to get the worst ofitiamebecMOISIAL, June 8 - 9 ? K• tim? srhea tba elsaaltaim ef %ss^sjattMa0re attempt was made to get np an allianeeof the•deck lh« morning of the Anglo Saxon.At that time there were no sigrs Weather thick.YitaHy fjcportaat to the sjmother, it k rjradaaly this • City Ioafwotor oan do •rah.e»5rviosUianow. Tamhmaa of•re c^maartat, tte sjty thia snmaasr Is to aw en ^. i l y fall of prsaf'is, and if tilth and garb-t a are aliowad ta aooamiikts ta ttst gwttars,orBi^aaw* wsati'hNi! sp mww wrsawsT SBBBBBaBa saaas srsStVSTsTgam wHs• a d l a n a r r o w aw Mm, t a *tfc.'-.-»fr:x will amuradly breedk»; • » £»?»t-'n -e. which, will neither spare the U^l LQZ llsrlow. jPowers of Europeto crush hiss, as they did Na- poleon I But Instead of that this master spirit is crushing them one by one by bringing them into collision with each other, or by holdingand enmities of each in other; he is achieving all that a t hut in a different way,Indeeproportionswith war.JahmlJ^?^:Tbe promptitude of the polios in this esse,we are glad to see, was equalled by that of themagistrate before whom tbe arrested partieswere taken, who held the two heroes of the P. R.snd the principal aider and abetter to bail fortheir appearance in court, and fined two or down the slave trade. It can be effectually ar- three more of the lookers-on oa tbe spot AArrest of am Illlmois Hall Contractor. Ourav, June 8, i860.Jamrs Shread, the awn contractor between Omey aad Granville, was arrested to day at the instance of W D Gilmore, special agent of the Fast Office Department, charged with rebbSag the mails. The satest a sot known, bat supposed to he mrfe.at AMbanr,AJ.UA* v, Jane 8, ISSO.About BOOB today a sanO boat onetamtng five boys ww upon by coming a coataot with toe bawmr wf the >teamer BwJtie.and two brothers, j*me4 Andrew acd reter Smith wore drowned. The oWrs were reac-iedsu.ioii, loai, taw. " £ 1 - 1 iuo,no. 8f», MO, no. iota, fcica< it**, ins, lias, lias Cocar GasmuiA Brsr SrwMES IK THE MKTBOPOLIS—A good- v > number of our wealthy residents are prepar- ing for tb*<r usual summer hegira; but we opine ibat the rapid increase In the number of bean- ttful villas near the city proper, and the open- ing of the Central Park, and the grand summer sensations which are impending, will make aThere Is too much reason topardonand relentless character af the Neapolitan go- cipal settlement in the new Washoe mines. Of vernment, aanat have baen dictated by fear, and the whole number of whites twenty-one were not by mercy. It is evident that Naples is silled, three wounded, and forty-three are asisiabandoned to her fate by the other European ing. Of course the most exaggerated reports pared to the influx of provincials which we that Mr. Ten Broeek did not take his horses to Oafeawba, aad proceeded the same Say *>of the affair were circulated all over Californiaexpect between this time and the 1st of England for the purpose of vindicating the re- greuad. TassameMsaryettsmftsmliramsaSsiSW.the Five Points and Fifth avenue, with com- mecdable impartiality.them to invest their money on the animaltawaras I ecamesxswere the theme of particular cornsThey should have known, however, for tat But the crowd we have here is nothing com- statement has been made over and over again,Key West and Havana.captain M. forwarcsd his despatches aad aPowers—Austria will not and cannot raise afinger. England not only looks on, bat permitsiubscTiptions to be raised to help the cause of all the whites at the Washoe mines, and that a about the middle of next week, and they will point of view. His business is to win moneyinsurrection; and as for Victor Emanuel, it general war would result At PlacervUle bring a tremendous crowd; not so many, how- on the turf, and he runs his horses to suit his jmmem^FmHemwttf fl^ Oaswwu c/Of^emtamwIt was stated that the Indians intended to killAugust The Japanese Embassy will be alongputation of the United States in an equineis believed that he has an understanding with and other points companies of volunteers ever, as the Great Eastern, which, with ordina- betting book. If he could do better by mak-Garibaldi, whereby, It the bold chieftain ot revo-lution succeed, his work shall be recognized and frontier The commander of the United tbe Battery on or before the 1st of next month* him in first, then eleventh he would assuredly aark, having oa board fear hundred aad twsaty twot, M 4w*rtmw Orwfcw.were raised and sent forward to toe rily good luck, may be expected to anchor off ing Umpire come in eleventh than by getting The steamer Cruaader arrived In port lastrightwaleISftO.not be confined to the island is more than proba- and fifty regulars, with ample provision of Pnnce Napoleon in bis own yacht with the vincibility of the star spangled banner, the re- boarded. She left africa with four hundred sad twenty. adltlom. ble,andinaveryshorttimewemayexpectto armsandammunition. Oarcorrespondent, PrincedeJoinville,theCountdeParis,(who collectionsofourRevolutionaryheroes,pa- nine,sndhencehermortalttjhasbeeasmalt.Aerate. a teeve taw part u - s u r r t f , atnoon, for AsptaweiL- - - -~—.- *-* >.^-. ear* of the PaemdHew ¥ e * k , Mmm*+¥ UPU fwft mJvuaericinc.thms,captured%atheEMlast,offNeuvnaa Shewas endorsed. That the revolutionary successes will States forces on the Pacific sent one hundred Tben we shall have the Prince of Wales, and be, the glory of the American eagle, the in- under French colors, but discharged her papers oe tea*see Naples as well as Sicily revolutionized, andthe eatiie kingdom declsring for annexation tothe crown of Victor Emanuel, for that name is lars forty lees. The whole number of Indians sentative of a long lioe of gallant princes, withstanding. the i allying cry of the revolutionists every- chivalrous koigbts and dashing chevaliers asIheotb^r Laid. Garibaldi's forces have driven the dynasty. But he, at the same time, does not downright robbery. The parties who insti among our people to see her. She will bringexcept horse jockeys by trade.the hazard ot our population, should any epidemicbreak out among them: while, from taa vary wast of oa- CLpailon ano active exercae or tabor, they would perm, aad there would be none to burr tatm out wf oar sent for the verv fear of pestilence. I do not preeum* towsroyal troops from place to place. The engagement at OaiaUftmi waa atmply between the Neapolitan treops aad a small number of Italian volunteerswant to eee Victor Emanuel too strong. Eng- land, on the contrary, desires a strong Italiangated the Indian fights in Oregon and Wash- ington have a little bill of six millions againstalmost as great a crowd as tbe Crystal Palacewho is well informed, puts the number of volun- teers in the field at three hundred, aod ot r»*gupTe*«>ot,) and tbe Due de Chartres, (the repre-of January, and so on, to the contrary, not- mis snot—tnii will cripple them much a quarters. KirWsn, Maris, latain the war district is put at two thousand; but ncur Mr. Ten Broeek is dealing with a set of gam-g» latest tntelagenoa from ail psrnof tat where, and his throne the centre of Italian that will be magnified speedily if the conflict ever drew sword or kissed adaw« tf7i?» H blers, and probably plays their game. It is tkint-TKdr DeptomiM Oo*ditm-t*rt of tm tfi-«rab a targv quantity of toonl aad snaoalteasom unity. It Is no longer an Italian republic that a magnificent invoice of royalty, old and new wtl bs pubaehedai half past atae o'oteak is taa continues; for this Indian fight, like many othersis sought by the people. Mazzini himself we could mention, has been engineered un- styteB, original and at second hand.i oopta*. ta wrappers, ready Sir nulling, six oeata. has given up that idea as visionary, and doubtedly by persons who are iaterested in Afma wai almas tend ta their orders as early as pas- has joined in the popular cry for the King furnishing supplies for our troops.Tata Sew*.By UJI arrival of the Vanderhilt we have full de-#espetcbea and extracts, that the rumors of his de- ples, to prevent their future combination against elsewhere. The Florida war cost forty millions unclean quarters—from the filthy holds of the SBweav- feat at Calataomi were without foundation, bat, on ever been done in tbe way of naval architec- some day win the Derby. We are not aware and of necessity mast be huddled together ahim as well as to extinguish their hated of dollars, a good part of which was clear ture, and there is the most intense curiosity that it is of very great importance to any one •mail space here, for several months of hatof Sardinia. That I t a l y - a l l Italy—will nolonger be a mere '• geographical expression,"but one united nationality under a single go-vernment, is Indicated by all the signs in thepolitical firmament of Europe. It is the policy public to the modus operandi of reckless aod anment of the United Stales. While Congress to legWating or daorantng tha matter, ws bars over sixteen hundred negroes here watting their determlnsnoa. Food a abun- dant, but possibly not of the sort or quality which should be giTeu to these people, and we are lieole to have mmattracted in 1853, and a repetition of the flush frem Malta. who were marching to join those land- kingdom after her own representative model, the government^ and there are plenty of timeB of that memorable year seems to be moreed st Marsala. The latest advices were that Gari- erected as a check to the Emperor of France, smaller affairs of the same sort. Toete what seems very likely from my for the very fear of well for a portion of our otaldi bad obtained a decided victory at lionreale—a town of abect 13,000 inhabitants, sad four miles •fromPalermr.andcommandsthelatterplace. Itand therefore encourages-the revolution against plan for getting up an Indian war is the King of Naples. But Napoleon has already very simple. Some of the whites on the takesgoodsecuritythattheItaliankingdom bordersarequiteasbarbarousastheIndiansto say that our present population is over awho find compensation In provtomg far them muaar,There is an immense deal of humbug about all these Indian wars, and we have been obliged more than once to call the attention of theagainst that horse for him to win." A horserace is quite adifferently conducted affair from ayacht contest, in which we have already beatentbe English. As to the question about the of the same sort thrust upon us; while the cost of the prs-tafia of European albira to the 23d alt The newsit Important The movements of Garibaldi eclipseeverything else. It will bs seen hy our letters, of Napoleon to strangle the Bourbons of Na- scrupulous Indian lobby ists at Washington aod ral hundredrfeet,ahead of anything else that has horses, it cannot be eettled even if we should would be m Boston. ~thatbeforetbesummerisoveritwill.bein- Is*slaoreportedthattheinsurgentswereinposes- willnotbecometoostrong forhim,andhehas themselves,andalwaysreadytopickaquarrel. creased half a million by the influx ofLsdlti-Japanese OUB SPECIAL WA&HIMOTON DESPATCH..- sJesef a portion of Palermo. Garibaldi's troops accordingly gained possession of the passes of. were daflj being reinforced by volunteers from all the Alps which divide France from Italy. And and the settlers, a general conflict is broughtBy fomenting bad blood between the Indiansand tqntstriemes (particularly the latter, whoall over, it Is found, generally, that the Indians are increasing rapidly—horseback riding being the embassy reached Washington, but the committeenew at Ke; West over 1,700. Havana continues tresses of France, from the summits of the Alps, some of the Territories where they are on good full glory and pride should come here this seethe Ambassadors at Wilaro'e, and was presented to Mafflt, arrived hare yesterday morning, having pairUsetralthy terms with the whites. No quieter neighbors or np tbe " cynacer head' by means of iron bands aadWe have advices from Pernambaco to May 5 frown down upon the plains of Piedmont Thus summer. There is room enough for a million them by Captain Dapoat, throcg^ Ur. Portman, the in- packing, so as to he la tow pressure working order. AiThe w:aUisr at that date was very dry and warm,aad tie srgar cane presented an unpromising ference, and just in the way Napoleon intendedIndian in the valleys of the Sierra Nevada dif- through the Interpreter tn the following neat little pairs without more negro teorea or prise money a keepers are making great preparations, and speech:— lighten kite time, care and their pockets, thsrthe Italian question settles itself without a con- more pacific residents could be desired. The of people if they like to come. Tbe hotel terpreter. The Ambssaa-'sr! replied to the Governor the officers of tha shtp did not wmh to go North for re-appearance. The markets were glutted with from the beginning it should be settled.American produce. The health of the city had The third point of interest in the intelligenceSlightly improved. from Europe is, that France and Russia have white msn on Broadway.the four i •ofthefinBswariThereittomFrom wasptoy < Cotode United r- asryory.ThereTte«as anaf CaShea or Irv Br. nttemtag a. Steal of sn Atteal r?Tafers only from the Indian in Western New York everybody will be lodged comfortably and fedtook another turn upon tbe waters of the Gulf, "Governor, we are much gratified to hare the honor of and bad the good luck to fall ta with thtas the white man at Washoe differs from theThe Capture* African*—Tke Secatity of Doing Stmt notorious that there is nothing like fair play la dmic.dcthe English betting ring, and nothing is moreThe Great Eastern, however, is our main sen- common in the higher circles of turfmen than advatd, by the Catted States war steamer Crusader, addssation. All our people fancy they know some- tbe remark, "Oh! there's too much money bet another lot of unfortunates for the care of theeovera-thifg about shtp building, and Mr. Bull himselfadmits that if Britannia expects to retain thesovereignty of the seas she must keep a sharp•-je to windward for all the modern improve-ments. The Great Eastern is a long stop, seve- comparative merits of English and American vtolons of whatever cass, will beMOVEMENTS OF THE JAPANESE.thanprobable. Altogether,it isnottoomuch Presents for tbe Embassy^Visit of Se- morethantoIn1"strangers.Central Park has begun to excite provincial envy and admiration. Tbe work is universally commended, and the beauty of the Park, withmilitia that perhaps never took the field at ull. views, delightful walks, good hard roads, its were from msaafaotarers mostly Including a splendidotherWAgBmans, Jane S, 18SS. Yesterday a large number of pre*, sti, consisting of a little of everything, which bad accumulated In the hands of the Naval Committee, intenCod for the Japaaees Em- Secondly. We have a confirmation of the pre. the payment, subsistence and transportation of its fresh verdure, delicious atmosphere, fine bassy, were presented by Cepttln Dapont. Tbe presentsAmongmatters, thewell at a moderate price. If they avoid the makmg your acquaintance, and are obliged to you forPeter Funks and the police, keep sober, abstain taking the trouble to come to eee us. We had heard ofWe believe, too, from competent authority, from evil company and the haunts of vice, yon before we came to this country. We hope to meet belxg baited, boated no colors, but as she looked some-few more arrests of this kind, and a litis more watchfoJness on the part of the police, wouldsoon put a stop to prise fighting inrested by the enforcement of the existing trea- ties between Great Britain and Spain The British government, however, winks at the vto lation of these treaties, while it pretends to, be verv IMIIII—l In it« »ni'*ii-/'Ki t« ui.Ait_i. tk. t—Untitled DocumentOld, SB.OonannPtam.-Fartl-Noa l^^W'lSK'BaUrural editors, strangers will find the metropolisthat pleasure before fheir reiu/n to their country; thatliable or expensive troops cannot be found. rather a good thing to do, and not over and whatever he could oo -ti it ale t o make their visit In a day and a few hoars the slaver was safe at anchor-The Texas members of Congress have been above dear. making a great noise over the new regi-pleasant snd interesurg worst North he would age with her escort in las harbor of Key West, aad ate ovgo transferred to the negro pens, with the ptvtota most cheerfully do for th*m; that he hoped cargoes of the Wild Fire, cap-.ored by the Mohawk, and ment of mounted men to be recruited THE EXODCS FROM AMERICA., AND THE EXODUS the news about the Niagan would cot ta the least inter the William by the Wyandot. Tbwe were 600 negroes on board the Bogota; three were sick; and the captain, a Frenchman (name not given), reported that seven bad dkd durttg the voyage. The three cargoes aggregate fw is not near so good as the regulars if menting upon tbe great exodus going on from others vinted tbe Smttbeonian Institudon. Professor Henry th? use of Northern philanthropy 1.780 white souls underin that State; but it is stated by more FROM LtELAND.—The newspapers at both sides fere with their visit In this country.than one army officer that the Texan ranger Yesterday afternoon tbe Princes and some half dozen of the Atlantic have been for some time com-gave an mtmeattng experiment on atmospheric air pros the Indian is seriously inclined to fight We Ireland, and some of the British journals are sure and the galvanic battery, electric light, &o , the difbelieve tbat a hundred United States mounted deploring it as something alarming to behold ferent experiments lastin* over two hours, after whichblack oners. The three vessels ta&ea were built, ail ofthem as I learn, east of Boston; ail nail from NVw Fork,were hUeo. or solo to be fitted, ettewhere; attb«ssmsport, except the last, Bogou, woxc w&s contracted for in riflemen are more effective against ten times tbe strength and sinew of tbe British empire the Ambassadors and su-.U were entertained by Madame 6 tec, acooroing to |ne first ceclaration of the 'reachtheir number of Indians than a hundred militia taking their departure to other shores, every Henry and ber accomplish'.- daughters at a magnificent captain—this Frencn captain said to bs a naurwiized would be to an equal force of savages. If the man of these emigrants being considered collation. Alter a social cha. acd smoke all round they cnizm of toe United Souee It will b> a pleasant staaywere shown the collection of animals, birds, fishes, rep- to ascertain tbe builders, names of promos owners of honest miners at Washoe, some ten thousand worth a thousand dollars in labor. They fear tiles and other curiosities cf the establishmenL Artec ex . the th-ee \ tettla, and their proctiTiuea anl autoctdenttor more in number, are not capable of defend- ing themselves against a couple of thousand Indians, the very beet thing the former can do is to leave their present occupation and go out as dry nurses or turn men milliners. Alto- gether we look upon this last Indian war as an unmitigated humbug. It may be, however, the opening of a series of running fights which are to end in a general conflict to be kept up as long as the government money lasts. If all the Indian appropriations were stopped for six months, and the agents removed (their posts to remain vacant), we should have very little trouble with tbe tribes.THE POLICE AKD THE PBIZE FIGHTEEE.—We give to-day a very full and interesting account of the incursion of the police upon the prize ring at CentrevDle, Long Island, and Willett's Point on Saturday, together with the examina- tion of the arrested parties. This is about the first instance, we believe, of the polios inter- fering in time to prevent the commission of a crime, they being generally either not on theibat Ireland, the nursery of the British armyand navy, upon which, now that the Highlandspressing themselves much pleased for what they halseen, and the friendly manner to which they had been1 -crc-M-tE tor-later;: and raj healagticat ebootjioc, ihej will be round among tne retainers of Foraev, W«r* Beeoher, the late vault U*«-ineu Jobs Brown, and tsemountaineers, the government has to depend and daoghters and returned to their rooms.Monday, at twelve o'clock, tbe Ambassadors will U^ecsgo. That is x.0 matter—the gocu they intended at bossi; tl iiv.ci has t ecu suspended by tne providential actiosor tu-CTUiters upon the h^h seas—ano the great qie*-fon to eoive by ycur uat.ooal wtedum Is, wowsalmost entirely for soldiers and sailors, will become depopulated.Official leave of the PrtBuieiii, ot-ciouuics and three or four other dignitaries before gcis^ North, which will befrom America to Europe as well, and not onlyof human beiDgs, but of specie. For example,the two steamers—Adriatic and Edinburg—»which sailed from this port on Saturday, forSouthampton and Liverpool respectively, tookout nearly seven hundred passengers and overa million and a half of specie. Thus, we not ladies will see.natorSevrmroltoturnAmbassadors—observatttma It athis, and the associate jobs m feeding aad hoasug thea,bat even million (we do not include the suburbs), and Visit So ta* SmlibMni»» I&atitmtioA— sbouid not make a reason why we woald Ban to asm••Tommy" aad tbe Trinkets, eke., &t.thtmsmongusforalongseason. Ibavsthoughtthat soggasboa through the columns of the HBBALD wouM caute prompt action on tbe part of Coagreaa Giveto the Gulf, and tet them float to the deattnaOon propby ar. Underwood, of Georgm, or set them to work where, no not leave them with us through theOur health a food for the present.OUB HA V ANA CORRESPONDENCE. a»YA5A,MayS0,1SS0.Yesterday Governor 8e*ard, of New York, called tootters went to Willard's C>ac*.-t EL»:i to hear a blind boyperform on tbe plato. luti± was i. '.ar^e attendance in tuililxgof ships or the slave trace, (except sister, always wben any thiig goofi ts to be done outside of StaneM'cipaiion of seeing the CihtLiaJhome last n'ght to step till tlcziiy,a little chance to rest B_i there is to nee of trying tokeep the ladies outThat la li£^ose.ole.•« lomnv'' theT l i eWe have had no ttdirgi from Farther Point since eightC«ptain Dupont went in c d e r to g'.va themor legaiation for the benefit of r*vr city,) and a tb* mtt-gaiion of the awful aim of human woe caused by themselves, there would be nullification or revolutions! ence It they are hired out as apprentices to eViwlhtrs farmers, or planters, the expense of tfcetr care woalo to saved to the government of tbe Ueltad States, as well « for their ctptere Tbe general inomtry of the coasaj would be promoted, even to the whirling spindles of aseo- tion cuion cepitaktts at the North, ant the great ma- rt »u of rabofca) humanity would be carried out by pre vent*rg their return to Africa, and tnenoe again by rstas- tarv flight from tbe homes provides for them, as la tee case of the cargo cf the brig Echo, to the coast warraooeal and to the fields of Cuba I beg to be dtetiaotty under-stood :: t u natier of alkgmttoc. which I do not neetiatt tc make, that if yon do not take care of snd provMsfor i be ntgrtes now oaoar your responsibiitr sad power a Ki-y Wer:, Ix Ceraaa or the I'n'ted States,N?>nh or Saem,S t e a m e r .OUB KIT W18T OOMtaBPOHDHfOE. En Wati, May », lsaiThe captureofthebarkBogota,ofwhicht e aassAmerican bark Bogota, about as near to tatwhat suspicious a boat was sent on board A glance at dock ww sufficient, and a wave of the sword of the board leg officer told the story to ha commander, who imme- diately despatched a prize crew to take charge of bar.Cuban coast as to the Florida shore Tbe Teasel, atUS,714, bM, 9tt, lOK, Adjourned to compUahing what the flry ^of Aueterliu sought to achieve by force of armsoflkVhmtd aboatwww.fultonhistory.comthe metroooli*.issSjSK, i7io,309 SouanThomas M. Tryniskith 4thStreetFulton New York 13069i»»,MO,», 4i,7,is»,n*»-••• 