 •J—NEW YORK HERALD.». W.AMUSEMENTS THISJ m l r « , MATT.ft f 0 2 ETJROPK.Progress of Use Political lUwelmtlwav- The Kepmblleaviis la Onager.The political revolution, which commencedsome time ago in this country, is still in pro-gress, aad aoae oaa tell where it will stop orwhat new party will replace the old. When the SENATOR GWIX'S QI'ABRKI. WITH TH> PRESI- Company there should be a most rigid investi- corruptions and divisions of the democracy re- DENT. - Some days since aa altercation, repre- gatioo through the only properour people, or inducing them to tale any step or other of the factions, which will be ftfeaa| towards severing the bonds which bind these elsewhere in our columns to-day The fctov. States together. The Tanceys and the Gar- ing is the result on each side ofrisons may rant and rave as they will, hot we Dixon's line:—The Cunard mall steamship Buropa, Gapt. Lcitch, will leave Boston, on Wednesday, for LiverpooLGeneral to the President, but there he met can ever make soldiers of them, or in any way Canada and Nova Scotia. The fleet will next the State Committee of the democratic party ofThenwuto for Earope will close la this city to-morrow if- of the revolution, which, having disposed ofwith a similar response. The law vested noproceed to Halifax, where the programme of New York is called by Dean Richmond as chair-and at a quarter to four o'clock to go by •«—boat ThefcraoraAJiEnmon o» i n HBKJXB will be publiahed M Un o^look in the morning. 8tngteooptos, in wrappers,be arranged.atzawta.Too oaatoata of the BmorcA* fcmoi or n a H o u u arrested by governments or the tricksj>f di-We see that the Canadian government hasvoted the sum of $500,000 to be spent to his re-ception. Among the high officers of State ac- cy of the State, and to decide whether a Dou-Will combine the oewi received by mail aod telegraph a plomacy. If the physical force revolutions inid up to the hoar ofThe Slewi.The British government has officially notifiedEurope, in 1848, had not been stayed by stand- ing armies aad the combinations of tyrants, they would have gone forward till now, or till that section of the globe was revolutionized. But they were stopped by kingcraft and priest-cord is kept What becomes of the money it is made over the whole of Canada to anticipa- and their satellites of the Albany Regency, are difficult to say. If the seventy-five cents com- tion of his^oming. Even in the remotest vil- the cause of all the difficulty, and it is but fit mutation money is not paid within a certain lages, where the scion of royalty is never likely that they should now try to patch it up. If theyPresident Buchanan that the Prince of Wales ifill•hortly Tiait Canada, and that he will proceed craft for ten years. The moral and politicaldirectly from Canada to Washington. The Preai- revolutions of this country cannot be suppress- dent has not indicated what steps he will take inregard to this event, bat there is no donbt the ed or checked in the same way, for there are noThe letter of l b . Breckinridge formally a jcept- telligence is their guide. Once break downPrince will be received with all the respect andteeners doe to his present and prospective position. no power superior to the people, whose'own in-Johns to Toronto, and from that down to Que- probable that they have no serious intention ofCanadian shore, he listens to the roar of the it for their own man, their game is to give,grandest cataract to the world, he will see, only it to Lincoln, and receive to returna few yards removed from him, the soil which, their share of the State spoils and a fair propor- other important measures might have been neg- against him in his absence. It is only neces- to his grandfather's day, was British, and will tion of the federal plunder. John Cochrane 'Saf his nomination for the Presidency by the Sece- dars' Convention at Baltimore, has been received In Washington and will be published to-morrow.the barriers of party organization, and it is like the giving way of the artificial embankments which confine the Mississippi, near New Or- leans. "The King of Floods" pours his waters through the crevasse, and deluges and lays waste the country far and wide.. None can. say with certainty what will be the extent of the damage, or the duration of the inundation. Thus no politician can determine the limits ofproducing harmony, and that they intend to The Clifton House, we believe, will be his throw the State into the hands of the republi- quarters at Niagara; and there, while, on the can party. If they cannot succeed in carryingThe encampment of the Seventh Regiment atC»mp Scott waa the scene of great attraction yes-terday. Religions exercises were held at theramp, and the Rev. Mr. Weston, of St. Luke'sEpiscopal church, delivered an eloquent and im-pressivesermontotheregiment. Itisstatedthatftt least three thousand persons visited the campduring the day. Lieutenant General Scott, it waa the political revolution, which, like the "Fathercal business of legislation, neither that nor home, and this judgment may be taken outportant information in regard to the extent, soil,him for the purpose of defeating Lincoln, whatdangerous acts of equitation with the old, lean, had its attention directed to the vast importance meet at some place where the tavernkeepers run him without compromise. The Atlas- Arguscan party with the same fate. When revolution breaks out in this country it is im- possible to say where it will end. It cannot beat the Delavan House, Albany, on the 12th tost The object of the meeting is to take into con- sideration the troubles of the divided democra-dynasties and no standing armies, and there isavail themselves of the legal protection which the people who hare their money to vested in is thus afforded themfroman unjust exaction. Wall street should look out for it In this mat-sented by Washington letter writers as being a court of law. We cannot afford to leave theserious aad angry one, took place between the matter to the hands of the detective, or rather President aad Senator Gwin, of California, defective, police.i w is)when, it is stated, the latter turned his back onthe White House, vowing vengeance, in a po- THE MIUTU FINE NLTSANCK.—A short time ago litical sense, on Mr. Buchanan. The origin of a New York Grand Jury presented as a nui-The larger number of those which have not yet decided are Korthern papers, and ace, as donbt, fishing round both parties to see whichthe difficulty has been stated in a variety ofways, but we believe that aoae of the specula-sance the system by which persons placed on the roll of ununiformed militia arefinedfor non- attendance. The met of the fine or commuta-curious circumstance is. that several of the Northern papers which hive run up the Doug' las flag have at the same time expressed theirtions in the matter were correct The followingwill probably be found to be the real facts in tion money being only seventy-five cents per an-Tax ADVENT OF THE PRINCE ormade for the transportation of the California the exemption law in this case being inopera- mail by the isthmus route, and that if the Se- tive. In many cases the person against whomnate, instead of spending months of the session the warrant is issued is not liable for military to manufacturing a platform on which the de- duty at all; he is either under or above themocratic party was to be broken up at Charles- age, or he is not a citizen, or he is afireman,or ton and Baltimore, had attended to the practi- appointed to do jury duty. He may be frombec and Montreal.lected! "The truth is, that the Senate showed sary to serve with a notice the house at which itself to be, during the last session, devoid of he is supposed to reside. If he be at the chief elements of a deliberative and legis- borne, he must lose his time by attendance lative body, abandoning itself altogether to the before military courts to prove that he isthus have a fit opportunity for reflection both andTernando Wood are earnestly engaged'hiupon the mighty handiwork of* nature, on the bringing about some harmonious arrangementthought,wouldvisittheencampmentduringthe ofWaters,"now.sweepstheland.Before unseemlypracticesofapoliticalconvention. legallyexemptfromthedutyandfinesoughtto himself.presentweek,buthas beenobligedtodeclinedo- ing no on account of temporary lameness.The letterfromoar correspondent at Yen Cruz furnishes Mwith the details of the newsfromthat portion of Mexico. It was thought that a battlebad been fought at Guadalajara between the troofs of Ogazon and Mlramon, but'no particularsthree months the republican party may fall be- It is not to construct political platforms, nor to be imposed upon him. A case occurred a few The United States will give him such a recep-w•--»':-.•"•NEW YOBK HERAjD, MONDAY, JULY 9, 1360.as required. This is highly important to thou- falcations can be compromised and felontei of any pvtrty, Of in any section of the Union, the federal or the local crib. We h t w e s i . ^ sandsofgasconsumers,aadnodoubtmanywill compoundedwithimpunity,itishightimethat shouldsueoeedinetirringupdissensionsamong listofthosewinchhaw alreadystruct*finoatter of Hoffman and the Pacific Mailsulted in its breaking up at Charleston aad Beltimore, the republican journals and leaders criedout exultingly, "Now we have a sure thing—thegame is in our hands." But it turns out, afterall, that there is no certainty; on the contrary,doubts aad fears are casting their gloomy sha-dows over the minds of the republican chiefs.They are alarmed—they say there is "danger."la proof of this we refer to a remarkablearticle, reprinted in another column, fromthe Albany Evening Journal, headed "TheSingle Danger." The old stager takes the horo-scope of the political heavens, and he sees in thehorizon "a little cloud, like a man's hand, rising Postmaster General Holt, aad requested him to how poor, if he can command seventy-five This is no donbt merely to break the ice, and disunionfire-eaters,such as the Confederacy, of out of the sea," but growing larger aad blacker make a contract with Commodore Yaaderbilt cents, will prefer to pay it rather than lose his enable him to come to New York, which is theIt will be seea by oar despatch from Washrng- preference for Breckinridge; thus endeavoring the ease. Senator Gwin. after Congress had ad- num shows how Utile value is attached to the ton that Lord Lyons has officially advised the to stand on two stools at the same time. la thejourned, without making provision for the ocean attendance, aad that the whole system is a President that the Prince of Wales wil1 pro- South, several of the papers that have de- mail service to Saa Francisco, waited upon mockery aad a sham. Every man, no matter ceed directly from Canada to that city. clared for Douglas were formerly the hottestevery moment, and threatening at last to over- for carrying the mails la his steamships. Mr. time and make himself ridiculous by appearing real place that the Pi ince wishes to visit on this spread the whole armament tad explode in a Holt declined doing so, on the ground that he among the "awkward squad, "who are seldom or continent and which his mother hi very desir- terrible crash, carrying destruction to the hopes had no authority to make any such contract. never armed with anything better than broom- ous he should see; aad we will give him here which the republican party had cherished. According to our Washington despatch of yes- handles. The attendance of so few at the such a reception as will leave far to the shade"Nothing in politics," says the Journal, "is terday, Gwin and two other Senators reminded annual parades out of all who are bound to at- everything the provincials can do for hint He more fatal than to underrate the strength of the Holt that one of the conditions of defeating tend is a plain proof of the inefficiency of the wiU leave England on the 11th of enemy. This is being done just now to aa Senator Hale's bill providing for a daily over- law. If the attendance is desirable or of any July, accompanied by a Urge retinae, on alarming extent by the republicaas. It will land mail was that the maths should be sent by importance to the State, the fine for absence board either the steam frigate Hero, ninety-one result in disaster, if it leads to nothing beside steamships; but Holt, if there had been any ought to be commensurate—say ten or twenty guns, or the screw steamship St George, twenty exuberant anticipations. The sooner the con- such arrangement made, declined to carry it out. dollars, or even fifty or a hundred dollars. But guns, and sail direct to S t Johns, Newfound-viction presses itself home, that we must work After some angry discussion on the subject, how the annual attendance of non-military citi- land, where he will be met by deputations fromsystematically or be beaten, the better."Whence this sudden alarm? It is the progressAtlanta, the Mobile Register, and the New Or- leans True Delta. It is obvious that to tins split the South will go, with much unanimity, for Breckinridge, and the greatest division will be in the North. The reason for this is. that in the South the federal and the local publicplunder all go one way, white to the North they are turned to opposite directions. The people will hold aloof from both sections, until they see where each fairly plants itself.THE TROCST.ES OF THE NEW YORK DEMOCRA- Senator Gwin appealed from the Postmaster zens at a parade, which at best is only a farce, the municipal authorities of the chief cities to CY AMI THE STATE COIOUTTEK.—A meeting ofserve the State, we are at a loss to see. Besides, IMWataquarterpastoneo'etocktogobyrailroad,thedemocracy,nowmenacestherepubli-discretionintheExecutiveDepartmentThetherewillalwaysbeasufficientnumberofmenhistourthroughUpperandLowerCanadawillman,andPeterCaggerassecretary,~tobeheldbeing as good as those of any other* candi- will sustain him. whole community are. crying out against abuses j broken; and we hope the day may never come Breckinridge should run to this State. Thefear of Tuspan on the 12th ult. The Spanish bri- the North make 'up their minds, even at the ACT.—Greeley is to the political arena what the which ought to be abated. them now. tickets. gand Cobos still continued to ravage the lowerportion of the State of Coaxaca. eleventh hour, to run but one candidate, and celebrated Spangles, who rides two homes at THE BCRAL EDITOR AS MAWWORM.—Once a The Albany Evening Journal, the organ ofA letter from a correspondent at Elatsop, Ore- that candidate Mr. Douglas, aad supposing that the same time, is to the circus. Just now the SHIP CANAL ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OF HOL- • year the country editors in this State have a Seward, descants upon the formidable strengthgon, published in our paper to-day, gives much im- the conservative elements, would rally around philosopher of the Tribune is doing the most STEIN.—The Danish government has recently pow-wow which they call a convention. They of Douglas, and thus encourages-his taction toclimate and productions of that State. Our corres- would become of the republican candidate in lank black republican horse, Abe Lincoln, and to its trade and commerce of constructing a will feed them gratis, and pass a series of reso- quotes the articles with approbation,pondent proposes to continue his letters, and to that event ? And, assuming further, that in the the young Kentucky stallion. John C. Breckin- ship canal across the Isthmus of Holstein, so lutions in which they pledge themselves not to and echoes their opinions, thus urginglay before our renders such facts as will entitle South the conservative Union sentiment should ridge. In this case extremes meet, and Greeley as to connect the waters of the Elbe with {those underwork or cheat each other to any way, but the democracy to the same point Thethem to come to a correct conclusion as to the ad- concentrate its strength on Bell, and carry a has as incongruous a team as'could well be of the Baltic, and we understand that it has reason is that both journals have a common in- vantages and disadvantages of making a home in majority of the Southern States, defeating the to take it all out o i their customers. The lastOregon. imagined. Greeley bears bis weight on Old granted a concession for that purpose! to a of these festive arrangements came off at Buffa- terest and a common purpose. It is said the Among our extracts this morning will be found Southern sectionalticketof Breckinridge on the Abe, but stirs up Breckinridge occasionally by wealthy German company. A glance at the lo, where one philosopher was good enough to Regency are divided among themselves as to an interesting letter from the Rev. Mr. Spnrgeon, very same grounds as the Northern sectional a cut at Douglas, and a puff for the old hard map will show the immense importance of such deliver a lecture on the duties of editors. He whether they will run Douglas without com-shell war horse, Dickinson. The scrambles of a work. The distance from the port of Ham- said :— promise, or form a joint ticket with Breckin- the rider In his efforts to maintain his equilibri- burg, on the Elbe, to the Gulf of Lubeck— Don't make your paper a literary Golgotha. Don't ridge. But it was also said they were dividedcf London, who waa at Baden-Baden during the re- ticket of Lincoln, either Bell or Douglas might cent meeting of crowned heads at that place, Mr. be elected, or there would be no election by B. writes strongly and forcibly, and in plain lan- the people. And who can predict what the re- guage gives bis views of the distinguished persons sult would be in Congress, or whether, with the composing that conference.um on the backs of his nags are ludicrous in the extreme. Nothing like them has been seen since Raymond's famous tight-rope operations. Occasionally he gets the horses pretty well to- gether, and he goes tearing round theassuming those to be theterminiof the pro- •crowd your columns with accounts of aawiiiialinnn and about Douglas at Charleston and Baltimore.posed canal—is probably some seventy or rapes, and arsons and embezzlement*—as if mankind At both places, however, they voted for him weredoingnothingexceptcommitting assassinationsandrevolution in progress, and parties in a transi- By an account published elsewhere, it will be tion state, even the Presidential electors, seen that the neighborhood of Washington Heights before the assembling of Congress, mightrapes and embezzlements. Don't always be telling the alone, and it is probable they will do so to the world bow wicked it is. Try and aay something good ofbaa become a refuge for some of the burglars whonave been driven out of the city by the efforts ofthe police. On Friday night last, the house of ex-Bherif Willett was entered by one of the fraternity,w ho was luc kily discovered and captured while at- and disorganized parties who elected them? If gets ahead of the Major, who runs and kicks aw- miles in length, be saved the tedious and dan-us now and then a glimpse of the relief side of your som-not catch the revolutionary contagion, and de- ring with the tails of his old white coatthe Gulf—would not be more than half that bre picture. Tell us now and thee of the thousand good take good care their own private interests will deeds done in secret; of the philanthropy that is unher-cide the question themselves in a manner verysticking out behind, and his hair streaming in distance. Vessels engaged to the Baltic trade alded of fame; of. the charities unrecorded, except in be provided for to whatever arrangement theyhave faith in the practical common sense of thewhole people, and to the ability to see throughthe selfish, corrupt and disorganizing schemes ofNorthern and Southern agitators. And so, throughall the storms of the Presidential contest wehope to tee this great country progressing to itscareer of prosperity, unaffected by the squab- wiU pay the highest price for them. Another bles and strifes of parties or factions.who desire to volunteer their services in the uniformed companies, so that any compulsory law is entirely unnecessary. As the case now stands, the fines are levied in a way thatinflicts hardship on some of our citizens, and companying him will be the Duke of Newcastle, glas ticket, a Breckinridge ticket or a jointthe State derives no visible £**•/[* |pColonial Secretary, and the Earl of St Ger- ticket, embracing the interests of both, shall befrom the proceeds. The fines exacted to this mans, Lord Steward of the Queen's Household. run to tins Stete.city amount to some eleven thousand dollars All sorts of preparations are being actively King Dean and his prime minister Cagger, per annum, and of these we understand no re-only power that the Postmaster General or President could exercise on the subject was to allow the mails to be carried for the amount of postages, and that remuneration was indignant- ly rejected by Vanderbilt and his associates. This refusal of the President to violate the law, at the request of a Senator, was the sole cause of Mr. G wins animosity.It may be, too, that in the course of the in-terviews with the President and the PostmasterGeneral, both those functionaries may have al-luded to the fact that it was through the time, a fine of three dollars is imposed, and a to set his foot, tongues and hands are busy sincerely mean to do so, they will have enough culpable remissness of the body of which Mr. warrant issued for its recovery, which authorizes about him, and there is no doubt the occasion to do, for it is now rather late to undo their Gwin was a member that no provision was the officer to take even the delinquent's clothes, of his visit will be one vast jubilee from St work at Charleston and Baltimore. But it itneath the surging waves of the popular will. make Presidents, that Congress is convened an- days ago to this city, to which a defendant's | tion as never prince had in the New World, and one half of the democracy who owe that com-We cannot yet tell how this may be brought nually, but to attend to the general legislation goods were taken by the officer and placed on a {which will not fail, both now and hereafter, to mittee no allegiance, and will not pay it any.about For instance, seeing that there are four of the country; and when Mr. Buchanan very cart, and when the officer went into other cement that friendship which ought always to That section claims the right to set up aacandidates now in the field, the friends of Mr. properly declined to outstep the limits of his houses to levy other fines, the party took !: subsist between the English and Americans, opposition ticket and can do so. There may,Seward may advise him to make a fifth—being discretion, even at the request of a Senator, back his property; whereupon a prosecution who are allied, not only by ties of interest, but therefore, be two tickets to the field. The Neware furnished. Mr. McLane had been sick with cheated out of the nomination by Greeley— he administered a merited rebuke to the Senate was commenced against him for larceny, and he | by an affinity of race and language. These last York Tribune, which at first encouraged theneuralgia, but had perfectly recovered. The and his chances, if he were now in the field, and took a position in which all good citizens was brought before a police magistrate. The | are natural bonds, which can never be entirely Douglas movement, is now equally anxious thatSteamer Ware, which was prominent in the Marinflllibnster expedition, wastotallywrecked on the date. Or, supposing that the democrats of HON. MASSA GREELKT L\ HIS GREAT Two HORSE like this. The system is, therefore, a nuisance when they will be found weaker than we find republicans, of course, want two democratiaone side, and that of a free people on the other;who are sprung from the same parent stock asfor a single ticket, but their efforts are likely to prove unavailing. It hi true the State Commit- teemay,andprobablywill,adoptastogietick- et; but as the party is BOWsplit to two, there iseighty English miles; but from Lauenburg, onthe Elbe, to the city of Lubeck—whence the somebody. Try andfindsomething to praise. Let your bitter end, utterly regardless of any conse- river Trave affords water communication to sobbing cloud bare the veriest bit of a silver lining. Give quences which may ensue, save that they willdifferent from the programmes of the shattered the wind. Then they grow restive; Old Abe would therefore, by this ship canal of, say fifty Heaven; of the virtue that blooms unseen; of the heroism may make. that ennobles life; of the (kith that lifts humanity up toGod. Tell us of the sublime endeavors unachieved; of the parties are broken up and the authority of con- |ofty aspirations unfulfilled, of the unselfish purposes thatEXECUTION OF THE PIRATE HICKS OK BEOLOK'S ISLAND.—The pirate Hicks is to be hung oatempting to make off with his booty.i Saturday embraced about 800 bates, ventions overturned, by what ties are the elec- ing violently to the ground. .But he must keep around the Skagerrack and down the Sound— | Now, this orator never could have been tofully, so that poor Greeley is in danger of dom- gerous navigation of over a thousand miles nestle in human hearts* * . .i of 10SC * r middling uplands, 10 * c tors to be bound? As there is cheating all them going—the interests of his party demand a navigation to which millions worth of pro- earnest. The niral editor must please the rural Friday next on Bedloe's Island, and it is rumor-Mobile middling, aad at lie. for New Or. The receipts of flour were light andj with fair sales to the domestic trade la wheat the market was heavy and ., while sales were n * for export and forround, may not a sufficient number of the elec- tors cheat, so as to change the apparent result of the contest in November; or may not others of them conclude that, under the peculiar aad anomalous circumstances of the times, there isit. When the democracy was split into two sections at Baltimore, the republicans waxed glad and shouted with exceeding great joy*perty mid hundreds of lives are annually sacri- ficed.The American government is much interest-reader, who has a most inordinate appetite for scandal. When the metropolitan journals are bare of assassinations, rapes, arsons and embez-ed that several steamboat proprietors are ar- ranging for trips down the harbor, for Hie pur- pose of gratifying the morbid curiosity of that portion of the community who delight in the re- volting spectacle of a public execution. We sincerely trust that this intention will not beThey declared that the election had virtually | limited^ at prises given to another place. Pork was arm, a discretion vested in them to be exercised been held, and that it would be a good idea toed to this great work of internal improvement; zlements, the country editors manufac-for our trade with those coasts is larger, per- ture them to order, and, pulling long faces,take less buoyant, while sales wereprawaatUIMtfetU. Beefwasheavy,whilelardwas ratherinfavorofthecountryitlargethanthe buildarailfencearoundtheWhiteHomeim-firm aad In good demand. Sugars were steady, while the fragment of a disrupted party? mediately, so that it might -look natural" to Old•ales reached about 1,TOO hdda. Coflee Arm but not ac- This is a supposable case. It may or may Abe when he came to take possession on the tive; sales of 409 bags Maracaibo were made, and TO do. not happen. We cannot tell waere the revolu- next 4th of March. Now, however, they arehaps,thanthatofanyEuropeannation;and deliver themselves of homilies upon the carriedout WehopethatthepeopleofNewthe extent of the Baltic trade may be conceived awful state of things to New York, where they York will conduct themselves on this occasionwhen we state that 30,000 vessels, with cargoes Come once a year for a spree.% Then, if they can with the propriety and decorum which charac-valued at over $400,000,000, annually pass Eld* afford to pay some loafer about the barrooms terised them on the recent visit of the Japanese,nore, where formerly the Sound dues were col- Or the Five Points a few dollars for an occa- and thus respond to the earnings of the provin-lected. The opening of railroads in Russia, sional New York letter, they can be gratifiedSweden, Poland and the countries on the Baltic With petty slanders, meretitanhalf lies, to their and exaggerating the immorality of the me-will vastly increase the trade. European govern- heart's content. Without these things theirments are manifesting much interest to the issues would' be flat, stale and unprofitable. tropolis, by showing that finer instincts andbeginning to awake to the important fact thatthe battle is never won until it has been lost, power on the 4th of March, 1861. When the and that their chances are not so good at toFrench revolution broke out in Paris la 1848, it cut off all possibility of the election THE ONSLAUGHT ON THE CENTRAL PARK COM- would at first hare been satisfied with a change of a candidate other than Old Abe.i tfca, at full prices, freight* were Arm, with a mo- or engagements. Wheat, in bags, wasi to Liverpool in ship's bap at 8Xd.,aad flourtion will stop, or what may be the complexiongaVl ate. # t i . pW" • W T t s L' • • • — • - i i i « i i — — i »Here such a charge to ho hoik sOly aad untrue. But not content wis. —ailing theCommia-a ^ r e t S e T tliiw»jiricompelling the gas company to supply Mr. Geo. of Broadway, with gas, without ex- a aspoatl get lot a amestyor show cans*tool by the sharps in Wall street, let us knowall about that The directors of the greatcorporations must be held responsi bleoncomings of their employ's, uponcultural and commercial classes, and through mem for all classes of the community.the state of things among the politicians is the perplexity that attends the provincial political Most of them are published by ahapeor other from the public funds, and none of them want to be leftwhich attends affairs of this kind. Let the vic- tim receive the punishment for hu offences in peace, and that privacy which hi compatible with the proper administration of the tow. and let the event be shorn of the notoriety which the unhappy criminal seems so much to covet^of the new party who will take the reins ofcial press, which is perpetually misrepresentingarasaXBKRg.—A systematic aad harassing at- of ministry and some reforms. But when these Hence Massa Greeley's two-horse act Hence enterprise, and it has been suggested that dur As for "the relief side of the sombre picture," better tastes prevail in the metropolitan com-tackhasbeengoingonforsometimeupon demandswererefused,andwhenthepopular hisencouragingwordstothefriendsofBreck- governmentshouldhaveanagenttoHolsteinto thecourftryeditorwouldgiveitwiththegreat- munitythanamongtheprovincialandruralaawOaamatietioneraoftheCentralPark,withafurygatheredstrengthbyoppositionanddelay, inridge.HencetheTribune'sattempttowidenlookafterAmericanintereststo^connection\estpleasure,ifhecould,an.IfitwoubTpay populations.Wehadaforcibleandpainful wiew to establish against them charges of ex- the breach to the democratic party by working with the work. We presume that' matter will example of the bad taste and utter indecencyeven the deposing of the monarch was not J As it is. he leaves such matters to the Sabbath of the people of a country district to the occur- tra vagance, profligacy and favoritism, together sufficient to appease it—the whole dynasty up the Breckinridge section. The dodge is not not be lost sight of. With ship canals over the School Companion or the sentimental weeklies, rences which took place to the village of Belvi-with a general mismanagement of the affairs of must be swept away, aad the very forms of a bad one; but if Hon. Massa Greeley is not ex- Isthmus of Suez, the Isthmus of Darien and the with their downtrodden sewing girls, noble- dere, New Jersey, on Friday tost, at the execu- the Park. To this end a Senatorial Investigat- monarchy itself. So may it be now in the ceedtogly dexterous, he may fall off his horses Isthmus of Holstein, the commerce of the world - hearted firemen and wicked bank presidents. tion of the Rev. Jacob Harden. No such exhi- ing Committee was procured at the last session United States. It is evident that the seer of a nd break his political bones. Hold bard t will be benefitted to an incalculable extent The mission of the newspaper is to record pass- bition as that was ever made among the mostof tip Legislature, the proceedings of which Albany fears this consummation. He says:— WHAT IS TO BE DONE WITH HOFFMAN?—WW were A YEAR OF PLENTY .—From ail'parts of the ing events, giving as nearly as may be the facts vicious community of our large cities, and itmere fully given in the HERALD. The investiga- "We refer to the subject now because we are informed by telegraphfromUtica that Frederic in the case. Unhappily the world is a sad andtion proved a fisxle; not a single charge of the country we receive the most satisfactory ac- a wicked one, but we must take it and photo- ought to silence forever the envious com-gterious character preferred could be substan- impressed with the danger to be apprehended Hoffman, late Secretary of the Pacific Mail counts of the harvest The extent of ground ments of the country press upon metropolitantiated, and the Commissioners came out of the from the spirit of over confidence which pre- Steamship Company, had been arrested at that under cultivation is greater than to any pre- [ graph it as it is. There is no time for sentimen- morals aad city crimes. While such beams exist vails everywhere. Altogether too much is place by two New York detectives. We are as vious year, and the husbandmanfe labor is tality. The public demands tacts, and insists on to their own eyes, they might well leave thebeing taken for granted. It is the single cloud yet without further information as to the move- promised a rich reward. The great cereal Its matutinal murder with its morning roll. motes to their neighbors alone. Some of the newspapers which have been aid- in our political horizon, and II cannot be dis- ments of the officers. It will be recollected crops, wheat, rye, oats and corn, are generally Until Mawworm reforms the public, both to itsg aad abetting the attacks, having failed,ta persed too sooa." These misgivings of the re- that about six weeks ago it was discovered that in a most flourishing condition; and even or- acts and its appetites, we much fear that the Hitherto public executions in this city have eir endeavors to effect anything before the publican prophet are as ominious as the vatici- there had been afraudulentissue of the Pacific chard fruits are more abundant than they nave newspapers jsill be as utilitarian as ever. How- been conducted with a solemnity and decencyn m ^ ^ l l i B t a tnowresorttomakinggeneralchargesnationsofCassandra,whowarnedinvaintheMailstock,andthatHoffmanhadabsconded.Itbeenfor,manypastseasons.Thereceiptsofever,werecommendthenewplatformtoourbefittingthecircumstances.Nounseemlydis-that portion of the press which, inati- confident Trojans of the dangers which resulted is not known, officially, to what extent the bogus grain at Buffalo, Chicago and Milwaukee have j nnocent country cotemporaries. Let us have play of feeling nor unusual curiosity has beenfor the public benefit, aad in the destruc tion of their doomed city. The stock has been manufactured, but it is under- been unprecedented^ large within the last few a few Sabbath school leaders at once. There is manifested, and we trust that the execution toto see the work on thein pregrosa, aad no power on earth stood to the street that the fraud is not one months, showing that the fanners are hastening J nothing easier to do than to write them. The take place to the bay on Friday next will form stay it tiU the will of the people msatiafied. which will materially injure the camp any. to empty their granaries to make room for tins public will not read them; but that is a matter no exception to the general rule. Itistruetaat" t£ZS$mm*> Hoffman was arrested on a charge of forging years produce. The effect of this is two checks forfifteenhundred dollars each—a upon the business of the Westernthe novelty of the location appototed as the | 8(we of this mournful spectacle, and the cir- connected with it in relation to thethere manyaffair with mow00hut we rely HP the goodsense and taste of the people in repressing any up. One of the most indicative signs of undue manifestation of that morbid curiosityGas Company CourtIf It is the intention of ike government of tawgenerally, but especially upon the two great trunk lines from Buffalo to tidewater. When, in connection with thai liberal bariesj, it iscorporation to settle this affair outside the law,is a monopoly in this city which is very we protest, on the part of the public. mfi'Tt recollected that the season has been ucontrary. Before the day for the return | of the writ, however, the company thought ItlaMany of them are, therefore,_thereinjurious to gat consumers, yet the compa- St The stockholders of the company may be pitious to many parts of Europe, and that espe- ny must not have everything their own way, protected, but that is a matter of secondary cially in Great Britain a dearth is beginning to nor make illegal demands upon oar citizens. importance. If Hoffman was a rogue, let us be apprehended, it wiU be. seen that the pros- • gfMdatJgus was hwaed by Judge Ingraham. know it and let him be punished. If he was pects of a most prosperous season for our agri- incompetent for his position, and was used as ain order to see where they will finallyUntitled Documentwhom they should keep a strict watch.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069» d e ^Dougtos: for if they pronounce for sure to lose their stall atnever better than they are now.j out in the cold.puzzled to know which flag to run up—Breck-Norte...South.... "*•* ....*_.....v 1SI www.fultonhistory.com- ~ %&&•I 