 1$m lounoi OFuounoimm*^*^****^^**^^************against the teo KberaJ\/jUm\ «r nto b«neTacU*-(iacgh- ier)-ibe reply s , " feu fisgbsberfl are amaxtag prejs- deed eg* ear te-^uoBS/* (Ore* toeghtor.) New, -i— r t -trht*"j tMt dsssnsB fhs same of toJttrnttoB,members at Waahington arej^sasaBfessTMYSTERIOUSAN'jmoODYTRA8E0Y.c u p ImtollsMtemee.fit. Derm's Sotnm - A t the, annual meeting ol the St.David's (Welsh) BIBm l sal fcetoty, held at 9t Davids BsM,fl8 0tBoJssres^oe<ltasjaaatoi^ifiBiw i i | tuxm is Wviv vM^fsOsj t o •sWfj UW QBstujQf yfjsjse ,Viet President, George Morgan Second Vtos President;Englnt Briffade la meila,vase togeadereo assess, esses of men who art sttherAIOTHEB AITI-SLAVXEY SEM05. ttat e, scm«thrJf tiraoc and steadily potted by an J» b«r«ttalf^r/H«i power, aito to defVl I mntake oft e l l eweVEWELL PHILLIPS APPEALS FOR. SEWWD >AD OITB ABOUT THEv/BJIE HOUSEJohnReese,Recordto*SecretaryjA.Jeaes,OBrreapeedmgB « iW e E A. Johnson, commaaded by George Burr, Secretary; Cbapkin, \tov. William Roberts; Phystoton, Dr. who do „creaair g.,1 "- • ^~ii"l"i"<" i,ru,n.iM»ever willbepopunr. Nathan,when beteheetheparses souandWiloerforoebad'«»*£*£» tt^resheuld beno listare.and subsequently by thesteamingCeres,Capt MOOBorAnson—Between seven aad eight o'clock as robed David by tbe threat, never will be toeohtee^ KsA GREAT CRY AND NO WOOL, FngJah colonel who drew an-elephant *^z£Z: WIM be got heme with hie prise, which he bad got for nothing, he found hia barn waa too email ^baMMi ^athat* was against tbe law to torn mm into the street, andIVwaat"poortoteedhimandtoehumanetokillban. 4nT6fN%L- PMK*>hewaatoatroubledconditionofamanfifth and Mafl IH^rictt—Manhattan gin* and Americoa Steam Firer^Dubbeanparty, «*dbephrssesIttoastobe the &a,Johnson, wat thejBrssencs of btodd toMr.Morissettsstockwillbeabout$600. Insuredfor gluesadValleyForgeI lalargequantitiesuponihedeck,lanotoss$1,000totheWilliamsburgCityInsuranceCompany.TheTheeffectivenessofaaorganisationlikethe,andlasntamstakenae,however." lamsetabewttoarsse.ertola. I am only trying to abow what ia the inevitable method of any aaeceaafol and efficient reform in a repub-from those *•affectionateregard- fleughter.) ItialiketheoMtrite story that everyone of jou could ^ ^ ^ ' ^ f t t could yon, that Fmch gave us some y « ^ « f i J " ?Downs. Thesailsoftheabandonedstoopweredown TuesdaynightafirebrokeoutInthecrockerystoreNo. firsNEW YOBK. HERALD, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1860.-TBIPLE SHBET.**•**•)feawbv**) l a f t M M , the pesstoBofmtatf Ifw*have,I«•gatefftosaiBowferathai reformers we more ssfeij mstsd ander M dureo- &toe leader ef the u tton. Now If there be say sack, allow sas to any. Do a w an erlgtoto ttossjhtironr»borrowed seenOOonneU,80 it Mis oftheaTttssttffjg, T d J ^ e d t a ^ l Swas seen at tte premane, aad iltisovsrsd that rempaana bad been used infiringthe store. Subsequently one ofs e f f l S BCobden, and with the other's taper * " * £ f TM ^ * ~ *laaslhaaa to oure it, and ttey costest ttamselvea with Governor of my State, wen* npsn the stop* of jour H theflames,setfirete his clothes, and before tbe of he former harangues in f i w of aboa- mightily oftinded with the fool that found it out. (Laugh cbaase and made a speech that might have n * * * " rible appearance than the deck, the ilocr and ail the fur- were extinguished he was seriously burned. Heanoes of the steam fire engines asw toTheeatabUahmestofa ars whathessseftou^Joml2l<ewerlw « f o o r 4 abandeaed yesterday snorniag about bah* past Powell; Counsellor, fork* T. Cromwell. fiaq : Stewards, Of the steam fire H.N.Morgan Johr,N.Janes,ThomasatJames,ThosR.'** o'e'eok, between Sandy Hook and Coney Ielaad point, Jones, Dsvia Bicbarde. Ceninissee eta Bsastotoauii *n^rcircuBMtanceswhichleaveaodoubtastoabloody JamesJones,DanelR.Jones,Thos.I^we,WilliamMiles, torthebuildingoffive_ttais crown, when Oobdeu had ,e^pJ^T^irVh«aiOath ^•^edy having eotmrred on basrd. Tbe sloop was first Edward Dobson.aad L. 8. Roberts.jPopular EntliueiaarTi Umplctlw I n - lic It to not at all probable that the reformer to Parliament that bread muetbe •B"^ ^ ^ goo^oo 'iiscovered by the crew of the schooner Telegraph, Oapt FOB » GxxrawTCB Brsmtr—Amumr or A MAMOX SOB- will perform duty as follows- rdtoaTw»dayevauf,MrWeadellI'biibps w^anmTbm^pU wmm,• •"^•"-"g Home,itwillnotheWsflsteeet that^carriesnun than three places were there extensive poolsof flamesextendedintothecrockerystoreofJosephMor- cityHksNewYork,towhicharsmillionsofdeUaraat h/jadmirerswtthadiseeereeatthe there. HwlllbeuponthebsyonetoofJohnBrownand ton,adjoining,aadbeforettefirewasextinguehedthe propertyeoeetaatiyexposedtotieravagessfttesa.at eight o'etoek tost evening. The bnr- tad. art th7*exlS»ce of national sto. They are the men of Kansas, who took their rifles la defiance of gore sad marks which evideatly showed that tome stock was damaged about 1500. Insured for *5,000 intbe vourtng element, cannot be too highlyWail street and the Osbtoet, and appealed to God and bloody substance had been dragged along the deck and City msursnee Company. The buildlng is damaged about• thisUltsstonttt"Agitationlalispen- teo proud to oanfeoi it, to tosy to i theirrights. (Greatapplause.) NathanielBuss,the thrownoverboard. Tbecabinpresentedastillmorehor- $300. AmannamedJohnLarochelle,intryingtoextin andweprognosticateforit-jnagingfromthejMeans'apelaaee.) Iamaet,therefore,to*Memptto echofromeverybankvault;butttwasantttwtomk niturebeingcoveredorspottedwithblood.Thatthe wastokentotheNewYorkHospitalbythspoliceoftheVesaoafat»rt- Thelargehailoftoe showyouSatareformercanbepopular. Iwanasking vaultsofWallstreet;Mwasthepeoplelhst_badmadeIlittlemerethanaae-hslffaJJ,todthere behadthechanceofappeahngtoanythingthai NavbamelBanksSpeakeroftheHouseotiBepresenta- stoophadbeenthesceneofsomedreadfulaadbloodyhe called aa institution ef representation of the an- tves. The politician pauses for the present conssrvsttve tragedy there did sot seem to be any doubt; soitwasde- I on the platform were far from bemg even chored terra firma sentiment of a hundred years ago. power; but that which moulds the future is the sentimentThirdprecinctTEX STRUT Crxumro MtCKcrss Arum cv Raqasmcei.—teres of the*d. As usual vltb these incendiary dto- Well, it he has, you will agree wllb me of the millions that stand below. Do sot imagine from the termined to tow her to New York immediately and notify merchants or Broadway, Mr. City Inspector Dstevaa has extinguishment cffiresto a practical iautborities thought a prudent |to sead up a that that fabled or supposed institution must reside riticism that I amfindingany fault with our own institu- the police of the discovery. once more called to his aid the services of Sssith, the re- tossrstomtothe community. in one or all of the four quarters which I am nbout to de- tions. l»m finding no fault with democracy or republican- The E. A. Johnson arrived hers to tow sf tte Ceres nowned machine street cleaning general,whohascon-Pjaottof^iardagainstanybreacliefthepeace;ataraato-or,rather,aaasEnglishman,wou,dsay,todee-ismladoreboth.(leoghter.)Itookupontheworldtu ThepresentorganizationoftheFiredollandBat,atEaratpopular ig"nate.(Laughter.1Eithertowealth—thewealthierclass- iswealth,itsliteratureaaditsgovernment,asontoa abouthalf-pasteighto'clock,andwasmooredtoFulton es, or in the pressLwhich you might call the educated fcbool. Everytolniweseeaboutustebutthetemporsry market slip. Captain Weed, of tte Second dan^ictpohoo,sentedtogetoworkagainuntilapropercontractcanbe manymaterialdefectsinit.awmade, to accordance with the charter. By the aew ar-rangementMr. Smithlatoreceive$40perdayforsweep- withadeepregardforthe lalirsttt of togBroadwayonceeveryeveningbetweenFourteenth havefromtimetotimesecuredtheadoptionof street aad the Battery. He commenced operations tost tery laws, which worked charmingly tor aiclasses; or in parties—the watchwords of political warfare, ecailblding by which God builds up the human soul Jin Atewttto'etott:preciaeiyMr.Pbillipeappearedonthe whichhaveenduredmoreorhenalteredforhaltacen- educatedmanistbenoblestfruitthattheearthofferstophtbra, and was loudly applauded. He wan introduced tury, uniting father and son in the same battle; or in the i s Maker. All government, therefore, is to be viewed church—ecclesiastical organisations, around which cluster solely tn the light of its capacity to educate men.uponbeinginformedefthearrival,immediatelyproceed-ed on beard andtookpossession of the vessel until theCoroner made his appearance. It was about noon when totheMdjeaoebyOliverJehnaten,editoroftheArMthefondestandmostsacredthoughts.InoneortherepublicanismisGod'snormalschooltoteachthe evening,aadthepublicaretofttojudgeforthemselvesmenrelapsedintotheeldstateof9mm y atandard, In a few appropriate remarka.tor . pmxuw then came towards the front of tbe ptot-torw ,tnd Mid —li uom kxm6mrruM» I bare bean requested to-nightTBB NBwSTBXLBEXSOBSABFRJLVCSBCO—Theaewsteel bell manufactured te Sheffield, England, for the city Bare been fairly pat in operation, toto* M l torou on the aubject of "Agitation as a Mathad o f ' j b ^ ^ l l l a aT»verb»Vto3natMht tbejnuatrianother of these would be found certainly the only pre- tence of a breakwater against the mistakes of millions in the present moment I am going, wtth your permission, to examine the clean of any of these to be anything like an independent conservative source of opinion, or resistance to the mistakes of the masses. And let us take first wealth. Wealth must be potent, everywhere po-Coroner Schirmer, Doctors Bouton aad Beach, and onr reporter proceeded ea board the sloop forrelative to the success of his undertaking. delight the inauguration of tte iethics. They cannot learn it from the pulpit Theynot wait to infer it from books. Be flings nponsome great question liketemperanceor slavery, aad bur-dens them with the responsibility of a decision. Respon- the purpose of tovestigatiag the matter. The piersibility always affects the character, and, out of that de- was crowded with fishermen, oyster dealers and of San Franetooo, California, was on exhibition yesterday tte needed reforms which lbs Beard of Fire cision, they become nobler, higher, more intelligent, vir- others, who ware impatiently awaiting the arrival of theaw waa/esaarday I do net thtok the Yankee erer utters influence, and it does not be in tbe power of humanity into the poor man's cradle, it interferes to bless ing recently been in collision with some vessel, judging but it weighs only about one third of the latter, aamely, pente than the present system, will iaw oh a prayer an that; an the contrary, be always to pronounce then* divorce." Wealth mu*t be especially it from a motive of Christian piety and disinterestedness. from the damaged condition of her bowsprit and out- 6,800pounds. It tasbeutfive feetsix inches high,andatrtoosmi antetobebetteroffto-morrowthan potentinacommunitylikeours,wherethesinofnotl«- ButwhenWallstreetlooksdownintothepoorman's hasadiameterofsixfeetatthelowestpart canbeoperatedwithdecidedlybetteradvantagethantea • « wan -yesterday. (Applause.) But although we ing rich e only atoned for by an earnest effort to become cradle it remembers that these tiny fingers are to held water. Ber sails, too, were lying loose on deck, and ARREST or a s AusGBD RacsTVBB.—About s year ago present department, aad hundreds of good and intelligent• dahnt that our institutions are practically perfect, al so, Mark me, I am notfindingfault with the love of the the ballot, and that its own life is not safe, nor ita own everything denoted signs of confusion and violence. Tbe an alleged receiver of stolen foods, named Joseph Dry- citizens will volunteer from ths novelty of the thins to tmengh«trstatesmenproclaimthattheycamefrcmhands almightydollar,saidtobesocommonamongus.Irecog- cradlefreefromperil,untenithastenstopetupononenhnuatdivine—yet,still,throughoutatleastthemaaaea, niseratherthepeculiarfunctionwhichGodassignedtocs sideofthisbabyeducationandupontheotherside Coroner'sdeputiesfirstproceededtoexaminethecabin, fuss,wasarrestedforpurchasingaquantityofhandker- totetheranksoftheseveralcompaniescompostniit Vtotthroughoutallcleansoftbenation,thereiaawon-asageneration.Forhehaagiventhehandtoconqueramorality.ThankGodtorthatrepublicanismwhichtakeswhichbadevidentlybeentbesceneofsomesanguinarychiefs,&c,stolenfromaMr.Browner,wholesalemer- Atewweeksagoaaordinancewasintroducedintothe derfulTeachingafterreform,improvement.Fromthecontinent—todotitwithcities,tomarryitwithroutes,tooftheabundanceofwealthtoeducatepoverty,andofitastruggle.Tbefloor,ceiling,benchesaadfurniturewerechantoaBroadway,DryfussknowingttesametobeCommonCouncil,purportingtobetorthegovernancesfiinaugurationofourhiatorydowntothepresentjoinstreetandoceanwithcivilizedhabitations.Itneeded strengthtoholdupweakness.Butletmepassontomy stolen.Bewasheldtobailtothesumof$1,000to thearebrigade.Fromacarefulanamisfthe st nothing wan ever mdabed that Immediately Yan- for such a work the keenest stimulus of the love of mate- fourth point If not in wealth, the press or pontics, per- all stained with blood. A further examination showed answer, aad just before bis trial was to have taken place document, it required no very sagaetoaa sated t e tesMdtydMnotbegintoimprove. 1thing it would rialgain. Withoutititwould bealmostimpossiblethats hapsitisinthe church. Now,IknowItreadonhotashes that ibe cabin had been ransacked by some per- befledfromthecity. Somethirteen months have since adept tte impression that Us setter wss aaasformeto-aightinsuchacommunityandsur• generationcoulddevoteitsenergytothesubduingofna- whenItouchtbechurch—(laughter!—butIamaaAme- sons,ssifinsearchofplunder,foruponthefloor elapsed,whenhe,aboutaweekago,returned,aadwas disinterestedperson. Onesectionproposestogiveatonalto the Park, aad attracted a large Dumber of admirers. mtoMonsts sad tbe intelligent members offlat< awlwpra»n<3odthathaamyboanwellofftomorrowaatent.AsJohnRandolphsaid"GodmarriedwealthandWhenthehumanityofStJamesororParislooksdownCoroner.Thesloopcertainlyhadtbeappearanceofhav-ThesizeofthebellislittleleesthanourQtyHallbell,havefailedtoeffectThefirebrigadewillibytheatmosphereofsuchaspirittoendeavorto ture. WhenwehavefinishedourRomeandourVienna, ricanaswellssyou,andmyonlyobjectto-nightistotee i yon that reform, as such, la desirable. 1 do not when -we have tabued our Paris and our London, it will the position on which I stand.were strewed articles of clothing, papers, bedding, Ac. TheCoroner'sdeputiestooknotesofeverythingthey found to tte cabin, among which were the following articles:—A slate, on which were written the lines:—entirecontroltotheChiefEngineer,andemptoytheen- yesterday arrested by detectives Smith and Pease, who gineers and otter persons required to operate the a s sfoundhimathisoldhaunts. Bewaslockeduptoawait machines,besidestheexclusivepowerforthen'shallfindadoubter. Somemightdifferantotbe betimefortheleisureandthewealthoftbenextgenera-a, but it seems to mo that the doubters as to thetion to crowd them with statues, to flush them with the hoes of painting and the fine arts. It ia for us to build aad not to ornament That e the reason why the worldIbis cloud remove—tbe light of heaven restore;the action of the District Attorney.ST. GaoBGx's Cmcxxr Cms.—The anniversary dinner ofand alteration. Mow. tt to no secret ttat the Chiefandtheoneelectarestrenuousopponentstoifire engines, and the ooaoaatratioa of such power as theI necessity of reform in some respect or other wouldGrant me to see, and Ajax asks no more,wwnl J baroiy be worth tbe time. If there be anybody, charges us with placing such an inordinate value upon is tbe prayer that the great poet put into the mouth of the "I now take my pen to my hand to let yoube as exceedingly small that a discussion of the questiontuous men. It is God's normal school forteachingethics.this association will take place at Delmonioo's, Chambers ordinance prescribes would be a death blow, or at least a street,thisevening. "staggerer,"tothenewfirebrigade. No.tteihaving the steamers to charge should have•tons of Ma—nl "a who, in the year 1846, waa hoary with a thousand years, by the free guaranty of a holds up Napoleon. When he defies it his most sanguine with bleed aad human hair, was found to s comer near The Rev. Dr. BaphaU delivered a lecture on Monday tation of tte Chief atogtoeer or bto "subs,' when a* bytheLegislaturetolayoutaroadfromwholepeople,whoasksnoincrease,whodoesnotattemptmendstrembleforbisfate.TheJesuitandthecapitalistthestove.Abroom,whichbadapparentlybeenusedinnighttoaverycrowdedandintelligentaudience,toTem-actualduty.Wehope,therefore,ttattteto Albany, a distance of about two hundred miiea, to pile up one dollar upon another, that man ia the stove have made his two arms. Mr. Seward said, at a time ple HaH, Ninth street, on the history of the Temple of til will pa«s no such ordinance ss ws have far as Newtown, a small village some of nobody. Be folds his arms In defiance of the when his lips were freer than they are now, that it sweeping the blood from the floor, and a hammer, also simply to place tte fire brigade ander tbe_j to the wast, and then returned to tbe Legiala- people, tor be can wait then* returning reason. was capital that kept back the surges of democracy. It smeared witb blood, werefoundnear the eompanion way. Solomon, a very fine model of which has been on exhibi- power" Afairfieldand no tavora is all that is required, torewithtuareport,andaddedhiaopinionthattheroadHeasksnothingofthem.Heisnocap-to-hand iscapitalandtheJesuitthathaverolledbackintotheTuse-Marksofbloodwerefoundontbeladderleadingtotbetionforsometimeattheaboveplace.Hecommencedbytorenderttoaeoftheinstitutionsoftteage.•to every community ia by what method it shall be se- shoots his customer with a rifle or an ides. (Laughter.) chinery—that is, that the created resembles the creator—enred— through what channel the reformer shall sail? He cannot sft'erd to be in front ef hie age. He cannot that the child bears the lineaments of bis parent It St marks, as if made witb the blade of a knife or sharpyou consider that, we may as well recollect that afford to dabble with ethics. Ten per cent a year is the because there are a million wills melted into one that hatchet, upon the and ceiling, and one of the in- world m necessarily made up of two classes of sermon on the Mount of Wall street A balance on the Catholicism is potent. I am speaking of it, of course, as dentations was stained wtth blood. A pair of pantaloons,spurs and the curbs-the conservative wroag side of the lodger Ms demonstration. The Jew of a church, not as a faith. When the pope puttand the progressive—the bold and the cautious. the middle ages, caring act whether he served Turk or his hand on the brow of a bebop, sad in the packets of which were found twenty-nine cents,ghoscfore, who really thinfce that our institutions are cot material prosperity. At the same time our wealth has a r.recian leader. There can be no more appropriate peti-oawubleof amendment,wewill leavehimwiththesatis- peculiarly specific character. Tbe wealth of theOld UonforthelipsofanAmericancitizen. Grantmetosee tte know that I am well, and I hope you are tbe•actumofhiaopmioa.AnoldroadcommissioneroftheWorldishereditarytoavastextentTbemanwhoin-poetwhereGodhasplacedme.Nowthechurchisasame.IleftEggHarbor "Acoffee-pot,covered heritsamillion,thetitledeedofwhichissecuredtohim,potentinfluence.TbeRomanCatholicchurchto-day :waa not aeeded any further. (Laughter.) Granted, to a customer, where wealth is mercantile. It • afloat; riee a throne stronger than France has found for fiftytherefore, for the time being that reform—improvement— it is looking for increase; it is endeavoring to gather the years. What constitutes the strength of the Catholic deck, upon the lockers, upon the sides of tbe sabin and observing to bis hearers that be did not intend entering m net a dastrabla purpose or object. The next question white harvest of the world. Now s merchant never church? The essential principle of all ecclesiastical ma- upon the ceiling. There were four fresh and distinct on any description of the Temple. He would speak of"MMconservative,whothinksifyousweepdown Christianprovidedhemademoney,Istherepresentative sendshimwithSaviertotheGanges,orofFenelon,and werefoundwrappedopinapieceofbloodstainedpaper;Mm cobwebs that you will bring the roof along of the mercantile spirit of the cineeenth century. You sends him to the snows of Canada, he says, "Go aad also the handle of a carpet bag or vahse, which had re- wonderful structure. He stated that the design ofwarn tnem. (Laughter.) The men whom Douglas Jerrold would not go to Wall street or to State street foHan idea. By represent me." He scoops oat his brain, and says, "Yen described when be said they never looked with satisfac- tbe very nature of our wealth, therefore, with a mercan- won't need it—(laugh)—go and represent me." And the tionatthenewmoonoutofoonaidsrationaofrespectfor tilefullofenterprise,readytoserveanybodyforanhonest faithfulCatholicrepresentsBornetotheendoftbeearth, •saxvenerableinstitution,theoldone.(uuigbter.)There penny,youmoatacceptitsweaknessanditsstrength. gowiththeepiscopacy. ToepulpitsoftheEpiscopal to that eianu of mind. Then there ia tbe progressive—tbe Its weakness is Umtdtu Plutus so the Latin proverb has church of Great Britain are owned by the aristocracy; thethe model was origiaated ia the mind of a wo- Tallmadge, Bon. Hugh Maxwell, John McKeoa, D. D.cently been torn off. The runs were, upon examination, man, and paid a glowing tribute to the sex. Field, GIrard, and several other distinguished foundtobefilledwithblood,whichhadleakeddown Though,SolomonbuilttheTemple,yetmuchwasdueto fromthefloorandallowedtoremainthereintheslotted theenergy,skillandpietyofhefatherandhisnever Ofttebar.failing trust in God. By extending bis kingdom aad accu- Ex Judge BodSBVBtr moved and Mr. Blunt Isnevernattoftedwithwhatheis—whohails at—cautious,timid,startledwealth,lookingouttolisten menthatstandtothemcomefromthecradlesofthearis- statetowhichitwasdiscovered. Allthelockersand mulatingvasttreasuresbeenabledSolomontoundertakei as an improvement—who seems to think that for a sea with no storm upon which its canvass may tocracy ; they are educated in the universities of the aris- closets were stained witb blood, probably by the assassin that vast work, which cost the enormous sum of two hun- the nomination of ex-Judge Branson s s President of the toanyfroiamereaooatknowledge,floatsecurely.Youcannottooktowealth,therefore,totocracy.Whatistheresult?Why,asMacaulayhassaidtosearchofplunier,asalsothestovesadcookingdredmillionsofdollars,asumwhichnobuilding,beforemeeting.JudgesPierrepontsadSutherlandwarsap- two classes thereto of course a constant breast the surges of angry agMatisn. Then, if not the somewhere, "in 150 years the Episcopal church never or since, has ever cost Tbe Jewish nation owed a great pointed Vice Presidents. Messrs. Wltooa and Jbasup wereiastothemethodwhichshouldbeemployedtopro- wealth,perhapsIthiinthepress. Iamnotspeakingof founditselfbutonce,sadthenbyaccident,ontbeside utensils. dealtotheenergyindwisdomofSolomon,butDavidwas ducetheresult,aboutthedesirabilityofwhichboththedailypressThatisapartofagitation.Iwillnotoftbepeople."Itreflectsthearistocracyfromwhich Thebedsandbedclothes,withtheexceptionofasingleBottomgreatHeextendedhiskingdombyttesword,requestedtoaetasSecretaries.classes are peastbly agreed. Our question tto-aight, quote in regard to it either that poor couplet, I think of ft springs , The child bears the features of the father. but bis conquests were not tbe result of choice, but of ne> Judge Bnoirsos briefly announced to the meeting thetherefore, is—la a republic, ia a community like ours, Swift:— sea*governed—inacommunitywhere ideas arestrongerthan Bream where the talk of tbe streets ia your realable deed to your property, sad tbe real police force that keepsqalatinthecity:insuchacommunitywhereaWell, now come home and analyze our ecclesiastical pillow case, were free from blood marks, but the gore eeesity. In the,too,a providence was manifest, for the object for which theywere convened—to sympathise with machinery. We have got a voluntary system•-taw couldbetraceduptotheberthsoneachsideat thecabin Jewishnationha*notalargerpopulationthansixandahalfin spots and large stains. Two pairs of boots belonging to millions: and then umberoffightingmen he could bring into the family of their deceased brother, Mr. George Wood,tbefieldiscomputedtohavebeenabout109,000men. Be andatthesame time to give expression to thecaptain,severalpairsofpantaloons,anumber^coats, addedsomuchtohispossessions,thatattbetimeofFor brains, though little, are to burden Heaven;only system possible ia a republic. Tbe pews create the pulpit. Do you wonder that the pulpit reflects thepews? (Laughter.) It could not be other-TopleasethemobtheyhidetheUtilegiven.statute "Mworth nothing, if close behind it there No, I will take it as it is, the sworn brother of agita- wise. I know the history of, the church as well bats, a marling spike, two sheath knives, a violin, a plate the building of the Temple the number of subjects feelingsdees not press a vital, hearty, earnest public tion. ButIamspeakingeftbepress asweusetheword asyou. Iknow themartyrs,the champions of libertyepsnmn—under such circumstances, what la the best in its grander significance, the literature of the age, the and free thought that it has given to the catalogue of onrmetripJ by which the reformer shall begin to operate. educated class, the minds prepared to look before and great men. But martyrs never come in regiments—theyWell *he ban two from which to choose. He ban the after, the safety valves, the sheet anchors of a maddened come valone—tall men, with thing foreheads; you maymethodefEurope,specificallysotobecalled,becauserepublicInEuropetheyhavebeantheleaders seethemfromheretoUnionsquare.Theyonlycomealmost universal there. And he has a method which may in tbe van, the saviours of the people on some now and then. I am speaking of the rule, not the ex-be called partly Kngliah and partly American; more espe- occasions. The time has been when Oxford led ception Sydney Smith says with a singular ohoiceof•aaily American. The first m that timid, cautions, half the van of popular rights. The savants of Macaulay °s phrases—"Tbe essence of modern sermons at i ould be discovered. About a quart of blood had proba- no landing places along the coast Joppa was a place of nity was greatly endeared to aa aa a man j while Bto way, easy method, which sails ander the shadow at old Paris have once and again said to the Boorbone, "Thus compromee.'' I have no wish to offend tbereligiouspre- bly been spilled upon tbe floor. In the neighborhood of no importance to that respect, nor did Ossarea either found teaming, h e unequalled powers of mntimetons—which,takingtheChurchandStatefor farandnofarther,"aadthepeoplerangedthemselves udioeofanyone,butifhewillexamineintotbevery tbestoreandaroundthewoodpile,itwasfoundtobe amounttomuch,notwithstandingthegranted, amends a tittle, bends down to authority, con- behind the students hi the moot conservative university nature aad essence of the religious system prevailing lavished on it. Tyre bad then tbe miselto odueatton, defers to wealth, cushions ita pathway upon the continent. If we need any such literature, where among ue be will see that he is the paid critic, aad not i. mixed with water, which led the doctors to believe that world, while Jet nsalsmrtspaaaad on nJsJQswftorenreffrightn^tmudity.Theotherhastbeshallwegotoprovideit?BowshallwacoloniseitrWhoexpecteoftheclergyofavoluntarysystemthatsomeattemptbadbeenmadetowashthefloor,buthadwassoconsiderablethatTyrewasjealousofber;and Resolved.Thatwefeelrtduetethememoryofthede- tosseicai nameof agitation;that whichignoreswhat WheredoesitresideTBearwithmewhileIgatherap theyshouldmakebrickswithoutgivingthemanystraw? probablybeenabandonedasfutile. whenttedownfallofherrivalwssthreatened,sheex ceasedpubbclrtoexpressoarappreciationofthoseno- arecaned institutions—throws asidebreakwatersand hereandtheretheevidence. ShallItakethetopmost Whoexpectsthattheyshouldbeapostlesandvanguard Fromthecabintbebloodwastracedapthecompanion claimed—"Now shall the earth belong toas." bletraitawhichadornaaddigaifybtocharacter;sfaltwealth,educationandthehigherscholarofoartimes?ShallItakethebrightconsum-eaders,andthattheyshouldfacetbestormofapopularwaytothedeck,wheremarksasifproducedbytbedrag-ToprovethattheTemplewasaworkdivinelyexactaadthoroughknowledgeofttescienceofttetowj nothing for them, dings tbe gravest quee- mate Bower of our literature f Shall I take the American excitement when they are necessarily but the relies ging of some bloody substance were observable all along authorized, these facte were mentioned; First, the bto tenatitv of purpose in the vindication of principle; bto ion the unfettered neck of the masses—trusts to the scholar, one who reaps from tbe dewy classic tore of tion, Dot the son? We)], if in cone of these four, from the cabin door to the side of the vessel. The rail, visible manifestation of God to tte sanctuary, called firm attornment to the >»«««^^ss of his country; btoright which seems to bo inherent in the mil- with every battlefield from Bunker Bill to Thermopylae— no institutions—that we are afloat Now, you may aet stoop, showing that the assassin concluded his work by means to dwell with one. The second fact was tbe purity, simplicity and virtue—in all which bens,thatsortwhichmight besaid togrowout Imean,ofcourse,EdwardEverett? (Applause)You likethetact,butfactsdontaskuswhetherwelikethem throwingtbeevidenceofhisguiltIntothesea.Theanger descendingofirefromHeaventoeossmmmatothefirst wasjustlytheprideandgloryofheprofeanc_ef the epigrammane expression of Talleyrand, knov, he has tried to toll us the history of Washington. If or not There the fact stands. Yon may prefer a marks of blood on tbe rail and the indentation of a knife sacrifice offered in the temple, a miracle which was re Resolved, That as evidence of our respect for tte de whenbesaidthateverybodyknowsmorethananybody. Washingtonhasanyfamiliarchumuponthegratitudeofan differentgovernment;yonmayprefertheterrafirmaof leadstothebeliefthattbemurdererwascompelledto peatedatElijah'ssacrifice. Thirdly,thetemplewasthe ceased,wewillattendbtofuneralwishtteusualbadgesdespotism; yon may prefer the snug, cosy corner of a msr«t the band of his victim as he clung to this frail sup- home of prophecy. The reverend doctor then spoke very of mourningnveragecommonsense,theinstincts,thenaturalloveof everylanguageandeveryage,whosefeetarefamiliar Ishallthenhavetocometotheconclusionthatwehave too,wassmearedwithblood,andalsothesideoftheShikina,awordderivedfromtheverbwhichtoHebrew greatforensicabilityaadanastvepowerofi(Laughter.) The average common sense of the millions hour like that, it e , that bora ia tbe OMItomtotoa, aad dy- eworthmorethantheheaviestbrainthatGodeverlent ingaslaveholder,hisson!roseabovethetemptationsof totonmoo. Between those two methods I want to offer bat place aad he condition, and loft on record the most yen, in tbe sixty minutes which you allow me, a few sug- earnest and eloquent protest against the sin of Virgin:a.eloquentlyoftheprophetsaadtheirtoffnenaenponthe Resolved,Thatssamarkofonrsympathywantheir human mind in all ages since their time. He spoke of thefulfilment ot Esekiel's prophecy, and the departure of the great bereavement, a copy of theseresorptions,signed byitoshowyon—tobesureonlypartly—thatthw (Greatapplause.)ButthewordswhichWaahingtondaredgovernmentthatknowshownottodoit;youmayprefer portbeforehecouldthrowhimoverboard.the granite—the changeless Alps—the emblem o: despo-tem; but itremainstrue all tbe same that we are launch- Amidships on the starboard side, near thecentre-board,edonthewavesofanunfettereddemocracy,andthatoar wasfoundalargepoolofblood,whichwaaalsotraced Shikina(Ezekiel.chapters8,0aad10)andoftbepro- theofficersofthemeeting,betransmittedtothefamilyof only guarantee of safetyls the laws ef God s kingdom—the to tbe side of the vessel. The second victim had phecy yet to be fulfilled, mentioned in the 41st chapter of tte deceased. ^ ^like ours it Is an inevitable method. member to forget—(great laughter)—tbe bravest words stinct of fair play—that gravitating in the long rat committed to the deep. Farther forward, near the mam the United States Navy, for his lecture on the Holy Lend, and legal attainments of Mr. Wood: of bto intellectual There s no other. If our fathers understood the Father of h e Country ever uttered. Well, you will towards justice, which the history of tbe rase shows batch, was another pool of blood, connecting with a fourth a lecture to whicb Biblical scholars were much indebted. merits and his undying fame as a jurat aad advocate and] whattheyworedoingonthe4thofJuly,1776,theycon- tellmebeisonlyascholar. 1willtakeanotherinstance. belongstothemillion. When,therefore,youacceptthe poolaroundtbeforemastandforecastlehatchway,and Inconclusionbeurgedthosepresenttoembracethe alawyer. Hewasacandidateatonetime(foraseattotpJnnnedit;thatthefanaticwhogoesIwilltakeoneuponwhoselips,whoseeloquentlips,youpostwhichourfathershavesentustotill—whenweoccupyingaspaceofaboutsixfeetsquare.Inthelatterpresentopportunityofexaminingthemodelbeforethem,theCourtofAppeals,butstrangetosayhewassotelect-Ma—rhnsotlB to Iowa, and there establishes s plat- i and sets communities by the ears with his new doc-ofthemenwhosignedtheDeclarationofIndependence; JohnPierrepont Youknow,atleastthoseofyouwho andprinciplesoftbemillion—Iahalithenhavevindicatedpool was tound s lock of brown hair, which had evi- dently been torn out of the murdered man's head in the struggle.ed. It seemed to him (Mr. Lord) that Mr. Wood did aot suit any party—he was unbending aad independentMr. Wa. EVAHS, who knew Mr. Wood from ate first connectionwiththeprofeasioa.nextboretestimonytotoe highstandingoftbedeceasedwho,twentyyearsago,was at the bead of the profession, and stood as the rnpirsMb tative man of the New York bar. Mr. Everts continued to give in glowingtermsthe estimate he had farmed of tbe character and career of Mr. Wood.whicb he said was remarkably correctThe model is quite large, filling the centre of the ChoreaandtheState,tothelegitimatebornoftheideas strengthEverettisbutastbestubbletotheoak—Imean agreatnormalchangeattempteainthefeelings,habit* Tbeboldwasexaminedcarefully,butnomarksof church,andisfinishedveryelegantly. Itwaaprojected. . _ s and issues, perilling the present constitution, thehave often hung, some of you, I doubt not, delighted, whose brow is covered with tbe laurels of many a well earned, well fought field, compared with whose moralallege that agitation is net only a good, but it is the inevi- table, the only method by which a great popular sin can be attacked—like slavery, for instance, or intemperance—that isstssd of being aa abnormal monster, be in the are tomiiiar with New England schools, that thirty rale; instead of being the mechanic, he is the daily head years ago he culled for us the cream of the Englishbloodortracesofastrugglecouldbediscovered. A aadbuiltbyMrs.CShade,atacoatof$6,000,andtookaof the democracy and the renublic. That, ladies and literature and gave us not only the first but the best ofgentlemen, to what I am about to make, perhaps you New England ciessbooka. He published a second edition determination of grave national questions, and laidquantity of earth, used as ballast probably, some oysterbaskets and firewood, were all that it contained. Thehatches were secured by order of the Coroner,and tbekeys placed in charge of Captain Weed until to-day, whena further and more thorough examination of tbe premises The Chicago papers mention a caning affair which took Mr. W. C. Nora made a lengthy and eloquent speech, will be made. took place in that city on Friday afternoon, in which Dr.will consider the absurd attempt to convince you is afact. of it, dating the preface on the very day that Anthonylet us look for a moment unoa the ether side of the Burns went down State street witb two thousand mus- waters, because we always see "oureelves more perfectly kets, guilty of a skin not colored like yours and mine;them on the enfettered necks of the millions, deeming this certain; that in this way we are coworkers with God in educating the millions among whom we live,eulogising Mr. Weed as a man of profound ieerniag, ex- tensive research, united witb simplicity of character, and] in conclusion said he wss the foremost member of the profession.when we took Into the glass of a difference- We and ia that preface he hoped that the changes he bed and that in this process we secure, if not the best, thewant something to cempare ourselves with. Tbe story I made in that edition would make it more acceptable to was telling in Brooklyn a fortnight ago will peruana lilue- the republic. He had omitted every anti slavery line. trato my meaning, told by Coleridge of the boyhood of his (Sensation ) Thetemptationwhieh bowed PierrepontceUege daya He said be bad been studying all night must be next to omnipotent But perhaps you will say omtil one o'clock, when he came down to join a party of these are only men. True. I will go upon broaderUpon an examination of the stern of tbe sloop it Liebfiguredas cane or, and B. H. Mayers, well known to was discovered that the tackle was lowered to the wa- the Presidential campain of 1862, was tbe cane-ee. Mayers ter's edge, and tbe small boat which usually hung there is tbe editor of tbe Saturday Evening Review, and had bad been taken away. lately alluded to Lieb in ao very pleasant terms Mr.Pending the examination of tbe sloop by the Coroner,tbe Second precinct police were ashore making diligent in- Mayers was passing along the sidewalk where Lieb was ruff, who had been tbe partner of Mr. Wood from 1MI a phe c assmatea who had been drinking to that hour and ground, and take a publishing bouse, and it shall be onebut words were made for use, I suppose. The fault learned she was engaged in tbe oyster business, and Lieb said to a voice which it was doubtless intended Pleas, compelled him to be absent, as he would nave seems to me to be m deserving them. And I know left Catharine Market alip on the 15th Inst for Keyport, Mayers should hear, «There goes that d — d been bettor able to portray bto many excellent qualities.were considerably tipsy. When be entered the room they of your princes, counting its wealth by millions, ableall voted him drunk, because they thought he looked so certainly to afibrd tbe luxury of a conscience. (Laughter. > Bo was odd; there wan drunkenness. Tbe only I will take the Harpers. Now, a publishingagain that our Saxon tongue is preeminently rich ia N. J., with a crew of the following named persons — epithets to describe a scoundrel. (Laughter.) But tbe George Burr, captain.i wan, which was drunk? They bad a yardstick house stands in the most responsible position iwhichto measure. Let asgo across the wittertorthe of the nineteenth century, because they standIt inevident when the Old Country want betwixt the conscience of one hemisphere anl the to change their mstttutioas, when they want to throw out intellect of the other. God, by the ministratiicfrom the machinery of their civil or social life some great of commerce, permits Europe to know what faturity willtrouble again is, that our Saxon blood will sin itself as last as language will describe. (Laughter.)Jew son of a bitch," or words to that ef Mr. Goodman then made some few eloquent remarks upoeect. Mayers immediately demanded if the re- tte character of Mr. Wood, tte Nestor of tte Now York \proved to be tbe property of Mr. E, A. Johnson, of the one—upon the head of Mayers Another version is thatchange it. Now, what creates it abroad' Wealth, tbe centuries. A publishing house, therefore, that se- rbut more beautiful when plunging down through the tem-were intended for Messrs. Barnes & Simmons, of Key- quick succession, before the bystanders could separate meetings yesterday evenmg, at their ball, corner of Grandport, and were intended for planting. them Mayers was very badly cut and bruised about the sad Ebn streets—Mr. Warren presiding. Oapt. Nickerson,of the schooner John B. Mather, of Den- bead; it te feared there is some danger that he may notnis, Mass., reports that about half past three or four The minutes of tte previous meeting were read sad ap. o'clock yesterday morning, while abreast of thetailof the survive the injuries. proved.West Bank, he came in collision with the stoop £. A John-son,andwasbadlydamaged.Thestoopwasstandingnorth ChiefJusticeTaneywaseighty-three years of age on Asapplicationwasreceivedfrom theschoolofficersof, churches they are the foundations out of which lects for you the conscience or the intellect of Europe, , he visits his young ones that cry and are starving,of public andraciallife come. Tbe consequence stands like the prophet of old betwixt the living and the very beautiful, doubtless, is the scholar, when,en Luther, for instance, wished to change Ger- many from Catholic to Protestant, he did not agitato inproper and modern sense of the term. He did There ware no people? Bedead. SostandtheHarpers Yetyouhaveseenthemonce and again upon their knees in the public press, apol- secluded in the academy, be turns his quaint phrases ogising for the accidental virtue of a forgetful hour when and balances his dainty periods, but more they happened to publish an Englishbookwhole ;and beautiful when dowered with all that he has•OT prupor ana moaerni reformation.aa if running for New York, while his schooner was sail- the 17th inst, having been born in Calvert countv. Mary-Atfirst,when heReformation, be appealed to the Gorman despaired of the Reformatii through German prejudices, against the foreignthey called ia the edition sad reprinted it expurgated.netappealtothepeople.of affairs, says we ocght not to be surprised that of Oommona strangled the Boose of Lords, for of 0—mono was richer than the House ofLords. They appealed to MMwealth ami religious preju- i^mofthemiddleclass,andtobanished(.royaltyfors -atomfromEngland. Sowesawthesame In 1848.Men In Europego asda drama, before nsongandadin- i to walkaa old tract written to 1820. It waa tbe fruit of the hot rection. (Laughter.) And I read of a Btodoo, who, whenof 1.) Are not ths variety of pregnant instances,tomostofyon,triteperhapstomostofyou,a enee.tobottleitup-(renewed merriment,)—but,as son. WhathasbecomeofthecrewItiaadifitoultttaagi a very shadow. Inthen » was aWs ao sooner get ap hardlyAs? SB m^BBBBBBaflVjl Isstsst * M aTsBsel an. ssstt nssBBBsteasittntsBBi" Ssfl •swhoareaorjustomedtotoakatthe Gibraltarof are rather asaased u the fre-tobrtofMMarticlewhichit id applause.) You tnrm Dick- er his characters on the deck of aclassesT If they are, seek cot in that camp for the leader of year reform hosts. But perhaps you will say it e in ; it is in tbe parties: it is to the bold, wholesome, ,manlyintellectoftoestatesman Itiatothese gesat party banners that come down to as inherited, aad anderwmahthemerchantsrushtoarealbattle. ThereThe people sever got their rights but by tbe thunder ofThey may have been assassinated by one of their owntohsto- An amendment was offered to allow ao salary •creased after tte pi asset date, except by of ttt(Great laoghtar.) AadT toInspresenceofaYankee,he ethicsfromtheareaatom. HebadbeentherebutashorttimewheDbekill Forbes,CISwambiey,above I i head sod covering half an sets with ex- when) UeermpromJae.^ l i W are to flsd refers],To gather up ihe scattered ashes la so history t golden urns.{load applause.;ed Mr. Black, aad about eighteen months since killedJiii^mo^ic^simuiSbssrasstoesi of the Missouri debate. It went the wrong way; it west Sooth, and it came back to them in clouds. What did the directors say? It was as if a clergyman had preachedagainsttheft,andtherehadbeenathiefinthe audience,andthenextmorningheandrushedhastyand stuttering into the study of the clergyman and said, "I cannot bear the preaching; the sermon has been against abaft" Whatwouldtheclergymanhavesaid?<qpreach tbe gospel; if you dont like it, stay outside the door." What said the directors? ''Gentlemen, we never meant yon should see that tract (laughter), send it back to us and wewillburnit Wewillbreakupthestereotypeplatesthe missionary showed him hi a glass of water, that) indrinking it he devoured anuaej lite as much as if he hades*en a sacred cow, took the microscope, put it on theground,andstampedittopieces,thinkingbedestroyed ranceorfrightonthepartofthemanwhowassteering thetactbydestroyingtheevidenceof it Sowithmen,umbrella• come." One unbroken and we will never do so again." A ad they never have.not a word waa uttered by any one on board. The inci- dent passed off in perfect silence, and with the exception of a few words spoken by Captain Niekerson, a dead si-said'supremacy rolled from the Bay of Be7 foot of the Bat we waited six toeturretsandtownsofoldinstitutionsrenp-etoeauaMingwaveandcapital,andtbeJe-• pntoaa, n throne onsspaeto esB onr intellectual literary, or religious intellectualIn the Superior Court at Worcester, Mass., last week, ments a larger yearly salary than $0*0,the osse of Nancy Burke vs. Thomas Wall was triad. Tbe Mr. WATBMBCBT offered a resolution to thewss an action for breach of promise of marriage, aggra- tte salaries received for tbe present month (Mares; as vatedbyseduction. Thedefendantwasdefaulted,and thestandard,andthataolocalboardbeallowedtea-thejuryassessedtbedamagesat81,33o.Bon P. C Calhoun, Conn., and Captain Armstrong, C. B N., are to Washington.There was a "strike" recently ia the office of the Cin- Board of Education.^I^tT n*J5*/f^*aA ths"»oaeymayhavebeen cinnatiCVnaamrtol,andthreeportlygentlemenwalkedto OntheresolutionandtheamendmenttherewsflfairexUcationoftbetimidconservatismofwhatwemaySfihfltorsays,«Pouroutthethunderintosinglenotes, to|say. The presumption is that they have been and it becomes a lullaby for children; but pour it out inone quick, royal aound.and the noise shakes the heavens." murdered, but by whom it is impossible to determine.Thisresolutiongavereetoeasedecss-that withFar mfront tte cross stands ready Aad another faggot burse,W^ile the booting mob of yesterday Insilent.awereturns,flat boatmen on the Mississippi river, and for tbe crimefled to Texas, where it wasreportedhe was concerned inanother murder. He camels Fort Smith several yearsH _ Boanokei"Mf^S&^iSSSilm^Twmmim'to And yourtostWitUuas,your sate, cautiouswhat is called the fanaticism cf anarchy—the res-Jess and reckless enthusiasm of the men who took from colleges and banks, from statesmen and old fearless polpite, tbefew daya leas than thirteen years to complete i tjhjxn.-irtP • " * ' - - ^ ^ »133flrssnwhihstreet, owaad by C Msrissatt f a s fits and banging over the raJ, white the bowsprit, which had was soon extinguished by the firemen. The fire Marshalevidently been earned away in a collision, wasfloatinglathe water alongside. Tbe first thing that attracted theattention of Captains Downs aad IMrnn^ OB boarding tte parties wss placed under arrest The damage donebest possible institutions. 1 know the criticisms whichare made on reform m«n by, is thefirstplace, the harshlanguage which they allege it is necessary to employ whenyou speak to the people, for you have to speak plain lan-guage, plain words. Well, I know words are verv harsh, quiries respecting the vessel, her captain, crew, h e They standing. As Mayers approached, or just as be had passed, to the time of his election to the bench of the CommonFeign what you will and paint it ere so strong,evil or sin, what method they have pursued, thinkofher.spokeninthevoiceof'America;and forus,want method they most. That which creates in the same way, her verdict coming across 3,000 miles of tow,thatwhichcreatespublicopinion,isalonecompetentoceanislikethatofposteritylookingbacktonsacrossaloftabovethecloudsandbatheshimselfintbesuniight,'Creek,Va.,totakeinacargoofoysters.Tbeoystersgiven,andwasfollowedupbytwoorthroeotherstoSemerisinggeniussingsuptoyoursong.If they could only strangle Garrison what a happy time we should have) (Laughter.) But truth baa flashedthestoop,andsaysthatduringhisseaexperience,ofoverSunday by the steamer De Soto. The matter was referredfurtherontiteshoutsofamobthanthemosteloquent2'ps Therewerenocallsforassistanceonboardthestoop,andBouse.Ex Governor Holley and tody, of Connecticut; GovernorBuckingham, of Connecticut, and Oapt R. B. Coleman, of the Eutaw Bouse, Baltimore, formerly of ths Aster Bouse, arestoppingattteStNicholasHotel.sistantwassetdownforthenextssssatogA report was then read from the Finance Committee, towhich it was recommended ttat ao principal of a female grammar school should receive mere than $7*0 per an- num,aadaooneteanyofttefemaleever carried it, and if Gallileo had been answered, thepeople would never have put him to jail. So I Uttek it iswith Garrison. Then there is another class of men who whoareexceedinglyafraidweareinjuringthecause lencereignedonboardofbothvessels. (Laughter.) You will and a patent democrat, and he isvery much concerned lest Ishould injure the anti.slavery enterprise. (Laughter.) Be advises me to save my influ-Such are the facts respecting tbe abandonment, discov- ery, and subsequent examination of the stoop E. A John-anmber or by river pirates. It is said that Captain Bun- than tempestuous truth. The truth st any rate. (Ap- had over SI,ooo in his possession, wtth which be intendedU orderartfllery demanding them. Peaceful error JJ never betterR*?*,:>v*eU»Jneed«*goonfurther;theworldbrings it all r*ht at last; for the man whose name was a scoffingsufficient incentive for the murderers. Tnedtoappearanoe of the small boat goes to favor the idea that the butchery was committed by one or more of the crew, or some oneand offered their services at the ease. These were the President of the Cincinnati aad Dayton Railroad Company, tte President of the Cincinnati and ZaaesvtUe Railroad Oampany, and the Treasurer sf tte Passenger Railroad Company of Cincinnati.siderable debate.Mr. BasBDiCT was in favor of It oa the ground of eco-Bomy. If they kept on at this rate thetoadswould fall fallshort some $60,000. rttsmat Mr. GBBSOBT thought tte salaries-most sftoasttow,tootowfor the services readeres; r!S*lS.*w5rd wtth «^ toners,the childrena^bab!roundleader that will save yon frees the the gteae for marble white euongh to make s monument whobad concealed himself on board. Ia a day or so,of toe democracy, let us look at it I (Applause.) Thepeadulum swings the ether way, andperhaps sufficient will be developed to enable us to arrive stsonMentjeJuston respecting the aflatr.but at present everything is shronded in mystery.TheinvestigationwillberesumedthaimorningbytheS?ro**!'*Bd •••**• **»»besparedtteteathematter tothe bottom. Captain Weed has several of ate stoat intel- gan. Mrs Warn Morgan, Master W a Morgan Jas Morgan. J Mr. TTCXXR aim favored tte.. l d^!^J?l1^0BtteeMe»»Bd • saaguhmofbotof X«ma!*,**t1**4r'*r tome,MrDicks,MrStabba,Mr CommitteeonFinancethoughtthattheyTM *TM.""£ of tte amount required this year seme SlCG.OOSif Iman approaching ninety, whose poetical bfe the very Cabinet of Waahington, what was bis efapolitician.Baldhe,•'Iwilltellyouthaiinwe do more than justice to the martyrs that oar fathers -• fer.ssLswsU has hymned it far better than myThentoaidewithtruthmnoble, When you share her wretched crust,Ere.hercausebringstameaadprofit And 'tis prosperous to be justlad.tben tte brave man chooses, While the onward stands aside,'Doubting in b e abject spirit till HisLordbecrucified,and tbe multitude make merit of Ike faith they once denied.Forhumanitysweepsonward: Where today the martyr stands,Arrivals a n d Departures.AXBIYAXa. intheirownwards,andwtobedsowtoBreves!MiMMetaassent!dtotttto say, a psltttoton • s ifareshecansoassettooffendGAWiT-^eamanto Orceadea-Wm Keynotes.IsaacMor- inothersequally dsad Jos. R. Lee. Committee en literature—Owen Jones, so ttat when the organisation toIncompliance with the request of a number of the leadingNathaniel Clock, mate.Smith Watts and Oliver Watts, hands.The crew all belonged to Isiip, L. I., and the stoop replied only with a blow of bto cane—a heavy hickory meeting adjourned.sameplace. Thevessel,itappears, reached Keyportin Ma;eraundertooktopull the Judge Advocate'snosebe- Tits Board of Kdecation.Very beautiful is the eagle, says Richter. when be soars safety, and left there on Sunday night bound for Deep fore thetatterstruck him. At all events, the blow was 4 The members of this Board held oae of their regulargained, be comes down into the street, andPerhapsyouwillsaythatisonlythemoralsofthemar- joiningonehandtoeachofhisbrothers,says,*'Crme ingalmostduesouth. Therewasonlyonemanonboard land,ontbeStPatrick'sDayof1777. Foraminofbis doneonschoolhousetothesaidward,whichwasre-tbe Second ward for an appropriation of $7,475 for work exsalsilthepeoplebytoni letusmakethisoldworldbetterthanwefoundit-"ofthesloopatthetime,andhewasattbewheelsteering.yearsheMtotheenjoymentofcomparativelygoodferred.ket place. I know i t Shall I go higher and stand npon the very steps of th e pulpit aad enter th e Tract Bouse? (Applause.) Or, avoiding so re- cent a wound, shall 1 go back ten years to the American Sunday School Union, representing(Applause.) Then again there is another criterion. Men always charge thereformerwith the guilt of the institu- tion be has Found out, as if Garrison was to blame for all the trouble made by the anti slavery enterprise. When the Greenlander wants hot weather, it is said he boils aNo words were exchanged between Captain Niekerson and tbe man on board tbe sloop. Immediately after tbe collision the John B. Mather was found to be so badly damaged that it was deemed necessary to put back to New York for repairs On his arrival in the East riverhealth. An application waa atoo received from officers ef theTwenty-second ward for ao appropriation of $11,411 tor A morning paper professes to have intelligence from repairs, ex., on schoolhoase to said ward. Alas re-Florence that Mrs. Brennan, whose disappearance from ferred.torthepeople. Sotothegreatrevolution thebodyofthelargestandstrongestsectsintheNorthernStaten Island caused so much excitement some fifteen A resolution was offered auihorixtng tte renewal of thsthermometer. (Laughter.) AndIhadafunnyclasa yesterday morningCaptainNiekersonsawthesloopE monthsago.andwhowassupposedtohavebeenmurder- leasesofthebuildingsnowusedasschoolhonsesfar afldsw.Ittheweaithefthemiddle"thaton-States?strongintheconfidenceofthewealthofeighteenmateincollegewhowassoveryanxioustohaveawestA.Johnson,andheimmediatelyrecognisedberasheed,haslatelybeenseenaadreoogniamlinFlorence,bychildrenintheTwentyfirstward.Alsoreferred.to unseat the Stuarts. Dryden, to aaalyung the States. Fourteen yosrs ago they took from their archives > wind that be climbed up and nailed the vane in that di-acquaintance of the previous night He says tbe sloop bad persons who knew bar perfectly. Thai curious expose Mr. SrarroBD presented a communication from the a boat swinging from her stern at tbe Urn 3 of tbe will doubtless cause a sensation among the tody's friends,collision, but he did not observe any one getting into it who have so long mourned her as dead. school officers of the Sixteenth ward, stating ttat DewittlLolaMonte*toInChicago. CPetersbadresignedbtosituationssSchoolCommis- sioner John De Inmates, ex Alderman, has been Chas.F.i/xeey,Esq.,AustrianConsulGeaeralatthe unanimouslyaosatostodbyttetonalboardUfillthsportofNewYork,arrived to that cityfrom Bavanaoa vacancy.while the two vessels were in sight of each other. Be is of opinion that the collision was caused by tbe grossest igno-Personal Intelligence.mark was meant for him. What reply was madebar.does not appear. One account is that the Judge Advocate The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and.thstwenty five years, he never saw a more bungling piece ofwork than that performed by the steersman in question Boa. Thos. Corwin, of Ohio, Is stopping at tbe Aster On motionftte election for fJty Superintendent aad as-able to elucidate matters at an early uay. | | > t > | <r A BaB D F Captain Burr was 84 years old, aad leaves a wife and ai&^w"wJ!!!g y Ji!J . ,fc£y ^ *ftJ* -The increase was favored by most of tte Board. Tas matter wss anally referred to tte Ooatmlttof' on Yesstve children to lament bis unttaaely end. Information ef thesadaffairwassenttolslipyesterdayafternoon.Peper for the alleged murderer, Jacob Pitman, aud bto safe delivery to the keepers of tte State penitentiary at IittteRock. Jacob Pitman is tbe same Htmaa who, seve-Mr ST» - B ^ W c ' i u t o V o * I t e s . R ParSSr Mta. Warns?MrsLIGrayMtasBaVaKrayW" *'"^*"** tobereportedonatthenextmeeting. TbeboarofefbtRBWABD FOB A MCBDXBXR.—NO toss than twenty fivehundred dollars reward e offered ma Fort Smith iArk.) PrWaikiafaut8C »On the morrow crouches JudasWiththesavertohisband. ralyearssince,wasconcernedtothemurderofthreeUntitled DocumentBA-Y,Aj»tH.AIl—^wSsBSBBBslsBSp Pops, Mta Coburn. Mntos Caret Mrs rhavingarrivedtheBoardadjourned.IVllllamabnrff City Hews.Scoots DBATH—A hack driver, earned Oliver Bare, to the employment of Mr. Colyer, livery stable keeper, toFranklinavenue,fellfromatoseataatteseek,asset eleven o'clock, oa Tuesday sight, while croastog the Houston street ferry to Williamsburg. Be was taaSBsp teaninsensiblecoadltion,aad,onthearrivalofttebom. Dr. North was sent for, but, before he arrived,tsensa died. Ooroaer Murphy hek* an inquost yettorOay, sad * yerdict cf death by apoplexy was rendered.•»-.fiM »r ana Mu-uraej, JUSMorgan, Freak I*thigajgaf^uMWe BOW took to tte steam fire brigade, whenJLcetmrebyRow.Dr.Kaptaal1. controloftheirinternaleconomy,subjectonlytothedic-D e a t h o f Georsje 'Wood!, E s q . MBBTrNO OF THE MBMWB8 OF THS MBW YOU BAR. Atargeand respectable meeting of tte New York bar was held yesterday te the Supreme Court Orcuit room. Among those present we noticed Judges Smheriand, Pierrepont, Bronsoe, Bonney. Roosevelt, Ingraham, Daly, phecybroughthometothembyscontemplationofthat Bogeboom,Mtoaertof,ex-SurrogateBradford,exRecorderthe memories which the model before them called to their minds, and the impression which it most necessarily make on their imaginations The Bible and its history must be impressed on their minds and the force of pro-ofraw beef,aportemonnaie,apenknife,vabsefilledwith isreckoned at twenty millions. Ia regard to tbegoo- Mr.BLCHT then presented tte following .clothing and a number of other articles were found m which embrace tte substance of all that was said of him aphical position of Ophir, Dr. Raphall spoke of the ideathe cabin and examined by tbe doctors. Search was Sat it was identical with California as being erroneous. by tte subsequent speakers —madeforthecaptain'spapersandmoney,butalthough ThelandofOphirtoyinttesouthernpartofArabia.As Resolved,ThatbyttedeathofGeorgeWoodtteNew- every hole and corner was ransacked, no trace of them confirmatory of this view, he stated the fact that Judea York bar has been deprived of one of as masr Btethod of agitation is, as I think, the beat to utter, the scholar of 1860 dares not repeal. (Sensation.)whether you think it best or not,inago- HecangofromcitytocityandfromStatetoStateandre- greatnaturallawsthatbindtbeoceaninitabed—thatin- probablybeenmurderedhere,draggedtotberailand Ezekiel. BepaidahighoomplimenttoCaptainLynch,of Mr.LOKDspokeinhigheulogistictermsoftheleaning;carried on no trade by sea, for tte reason that there were ed ornaments, who by a rare union of dignity antrade of thetesstoaal brother.unitedwiththehighestsenseofprnfsasinaaljustice, saassaasMaa our respect aad regard aa a pro-Mr. GOODBUS. the partner of Mr. Wood for nearly twenty/ years,regrettedthat illness ia the family ef Judge Wood-who favored theresolutionbad secared ^ « " * "T Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 