 siI Irmemberofthatdevotedbandofmenbeingyetalive.our duty as men citizens, and soldiers, we shall have for protection. O h going t o visit the criminate o f The Queen expressed her surprise a t the smallnees of A aearching inquiry was considered neoessary b y the•;cJiJ, 1A^EAIBS IN NAPLES AND SICILY*•.The Eoyal Hail steams^ ip Asia, Capt, Lott, which Mil 4 from Liverpool at 10 a. xa. on the 2J at, and from <£afWtownonthe.eveningofthe22dofJuly,arrived W«-at3o'clockonThu^xa;afternoon. Hernews h»beenaotxapated,hotheraallofurnishtoneinter- eetzog detail*.cont oiter, and said that two hours' work would b e ject, and, perhaps, there is some apparent ju->t;tiea.,ion At the session of the International Statistical Con- only to expire; he ««& from no organic dijetof WI ?In the House of Lords on the 19th the Earl of Derby directed attention to the mode of conducting the public bnsineBS of the country. He disclaimed being accaated%I V New-York arrived at Southampton on the morn-word^,thiey are not such foolB as to exchange Austriancompleted his 53d year, and the day was observed us a for".'French servitude. The Italians, however, must opinion, important statistical fact that a most respecta- and spirits in Belgium at reduced duties. ^of both his parents. As long as the battle lasts he holiday in Sicily. The desertions of the Royal troops be oh the alert, andj while impatient of any arrange- ble colored gentleman, from Canada, was a member ofing of the 19th, and the Kangaroo at Queen*town on Ike evtmng of.tiie same da*. jThe JfeBta reached Liverpool a t 11 a. m., on theTb« Ewropa arrived a t Qneenstown early on the morn-Dg of the 21st.THESTATE'OFEUROPE..•m••TURIN, July 14,1860. All Europe trembles now with feverish excite- ment, and great changes i n the map are becom- ing every day more probable. , After t h e annexa- tion of Nice and Savoy, eaten t h e peace party be- came convinced that Napoleon intends to gratify thedesireofFrancefortheBtoaefrontier. Russia triedtotakeadvantageofthispolicyandtosecure herdominion.everTurkey,;outNapoleonthought hemightobtainaDhewant* simplybysupportingcontinued, and a proclamation of General Medici, call- ing upon the garrison o f Messina t o make common cause with the[patriots,was circulated throughout themehthntthe best imaginable, they must be on theirThe samejournal publishes the foliowing* ",.'..''" In tbe presence of the deplorable events of which.9gent's attitude made any French proposition forA semi-official journal o f Madrid says that in conse- quence of outrages committed on Spanish subjects in•altering the Federal Constitution of Germany alto-:In this respect I expect, corresponding exertions and; '-3 •'-:-' * f •••• • *• . .f•4theretoTM, with expressing h i s good will toward Germany and Iter princes, and avowing his pacific views,,which were already known to all Europe. Still, even the imminent danger could not uniteAccording to the Paris Pays, far more dreadful mas- sacres are in contemplation, and.the exciters of these disturbances in Syria have ramifications with otheri1W-^yfc rr-mg^-«nw^-w+m*-WSMP"•• I .•.-V********• » * ' V «.-..••.«•• *• ••fights like a devil; from the moment o f victory heJ\bb Corgrei<8, I only called hia attention to it just as Iwould the attention of our excellent friend tne repre-sentative of the Brazils, who is here to-day; and, Godknows,Idonotentertaintheslightefetdurespectforon regularly, and that they have good hopes of arrang- the Brazils. I ought also to have called the attention without delay to the Cabinets o f the other Greatvg u a r d ^ a t h'o advantage b e taken of their dreams of •optimism.' ;.'. "v • ; ' ' ' • < ' ' *';-'"'V .Syria is the theater, and which have caused deep emo- tion throughout Europe, the Government of the Em- perorhasdeemedititsdutytocommuuicateitsviewsis a saint.ThebrutalmassacresoftheChristiansin the town."';." " :•../'•••^••••vS''y-:C^'-^; '-:^.:' :-:'"";' :''Inofficialquarterstheyaffectto.saythatthingsgor> .,'Lebanon and all over Syria, especially at Zahleh and Hasbeya, are bringing t h e Oriental question again into the foreground. They hasten the disso- lutionoftheTurkish Empire.SYRIA.•». m .The situation of affairs i n Syria had undergone nochange. A dispatch of July 11 says:' . PROCLAMATIONS OF MEDICI- i ;The following proclamations have been issued b y ing matters. I was assured yesterday that ViUamarina, of the Count de Ripalda (the Spanish representative) to Powers and to the Porte, ia "rder to concert the meas-would give up her reactionary tendencies, and cometo a n understanding with him. The Prince ofCoburg, o n t h e other hand, remains still morePrussianthanthePrinceRegenthimself,andcon- civil;anditwassaidthattheGeneralwouldbe fol unteerstoflockhitherfromallpartsofItaly,thatwilltinues toagitate,through theNatioual.Society,in order to confer on Prussia the leadership o f Ger- many. Thus, w e s e e Germany* paralyzed b yinternal dissensions, while Napoleon is laying h i s traps and maturing his schemes with all the supe- riorityofhisironwiH TheKingofBelgium, whose throne i s scarcely worth five years' pur- chase, has made a new effort, through the EnglishCourt*tobring about a revivaloftheHolyAlliance, and has succeeded so far that the German'party in.Russia has gained sufficient strength t o McMahon. This was regarded a s a n exaggeration,The Queen then desired the officers to be presentedcallustoarmsto-morrow. The crythenofthedying groin, near the Strada San Giacomo, on Thursday to her individually, and her Majesty graciously ad- onpaperat£214.140. The profits averaged in 1858loosen the ties which bound France and -Russia together by the same policy. A coalition between Russia, Austria, and Prussia, thus becomes prob- able, "and the first opportunity for displaying such a new combination of forces is to be the Congress about t h e neutral portion o f t h e territory of Savoy. England will have t o side with this coalition. Napoleon is too shrewd not to seothe approaching danger, and he seems now t o b eanxious to give a greater share of liberty t o theFrench, in order to attach them still more t o hisalthough there was n o doubt that a strong expedition was being prepared by France. ,Great anxiety was felt a t Beyrout respecting the fate of the Christians,- who, to the number of 45,000, had taken refuge in the south of Kearovan, and were surrounded by powerful bodies of Druses.ITALY.mNAPLES AND SICILY.There is no news of moment from Naples; or Sicily.Telegraphic dispatches state that the Neapolitan posed. And you were fighting against Italy, your right I observed a stone bed three feet high from the the ionto proposed fo r the cable, and showed to thesyearn for unify; that i t establishes a mostdan- . gerous dualism, which gives an opportunity for foreign powers to play off tire South and the Pen*insula against the North., But those who have a deeper msight into Italian politics believe that the Constitution o f Naples, combined with t h e noto- rious perfidy and insincerity of the King and o f a l the Court, must work a s a dissolving element, hastening the downfall of the Bourbons. In fact, we see that nobody puts faith in the King, and' that Bombino himself sufficiently shows how little six cere were his promises. H e refuses to dismiss the most notorious tools of his oppression from places of trust and influence; he retains the com- plete control of his army, and restricts the powerof the Minister of War, while he objects to nomi- nate true friends of liberty to any influential office. Thus the distrust-is increased, and as soon as Gari- baldi is ready to attack the Continent, the wholefabric will crumble into pieces. >But Garibaldi, too, has now serious obstacles tocontend with-—as serious as those of Calatafimi andPalermo. He must encounter intrigues-and pettyambitions,aridvariousprovincialviewsandfinan-cial difficulties. A cabal against h i m w a s cun-vii)8ge; from some voluntary larking place, the retire- dlelight in the corner of the room, ft was removed vey of tite interior for the band line will be simulta-of Col. Shaffner, Mr. Woods, and tne two Danish members of the expedition. After viBitiog the west coast of Iceland, at a point selected b y Capt. Young, the Fox will proceed t o some point o n the southern coast of Greenland, making deep-sea soundings and ex- amining the character of the bottom a s she continues htr vojage. Here again Capt. Young and his officers will be engaged in examining the various bays, for the purpose of determining the favorable point for the east of Greenland termini, while Dr. Rae and his party will make a n exploration, of the interior through groundM. Grandguillotj ol which the following is a summary: Europe will, like France, answer by the most ener- geticadneeiontothenobleinitiationoftheEmperor. .Nobody will be astonished to learn that French troops wiil very soon b e embarked, in order to carry assist- ance to the Christians in the East, and there to supporta came which is common to all the interests of Europe. The peaceful and lawful exisience of the Christians ia the East has beau guaranteed by the Powers whosigned the treaties of 1856.The initiative which we are taking is, therefore, buttbe faithful execution of our engagement.- The Sultan had well understood this when he ad-dressed his letter to the Emperor. Unhappily, i t is t o be feared that Turkey i s incapable of arresting t h e massacre of the Christians; and it is impossible to allow the hazards of an uncertain suppression. The defec- tion of the Turkish troops is also possible.The destinies of the inhabitants are placed under the double safeguard of the treaties aud o f the honor of France. I t i s evidently i n concert with the Powers and with the Sultan that France is about to act in Syria.The Eastern question has for a long while been con- sidered a s one of those which may most disturb the world. ' ,-I h e best means for preventing grave complications..frto reBolve by a decisive and sincere course o f action."„from the beginning, tnose difficulties which the ww»of energy aid frankness might perhaps reader irrt-meaiable. _. 0aP ARIS, Saturday, 21st.—French consular re© TM*TM:The refusal of Neapolitan naval officers to act at Naples cannot satisfy theItalians,who againstSicilybadbeenconfirmed. Fourfrigateshadonceaday. Nowmark,whowerethemenconfined neouslycarriedonbyDr.Raeandhisparty,consistinggreat administrative talents gave him considerable iofl uenoe in SkUy, whither h e repaired as soon as Palermo wan taken. He soon succeeded in over-Having again returned to England, he was a Lord i nwho have signed the treaUes o i ^ ^ S ^ * * * * 1856, to sive their concurrence, foran « f W W P g J ;j *^fT*.(AXl'S»The appointment o f Gen. Trochu as French Envoy to Syria Bhows that his mission is moie military thanThe principle for which battle was done at Magenta and San Martino, at Varese and Como, is the same that has called to arms the Sicilian people, that causes vol-ft-*£-: ^tj?:•'• .'' ;: 8 C£»^'iN&TSffflFSft<S ts**»! wads?IEW-YOfeK DAILY TT{iSffi!«3; JSIDAY^ AtJ<ffUST 3, 1860.crammed with men. Young Garibaldi has arrived in object in view than that of expurgation: What iato and; that h e would :iave appH^ bis remark just as, the hearty goodwill of all parties. On the suppression'FlfiK$S£R PBOM EUROPE. unless he abould form part o f i t . But the p?d»- be the future form of government of the country— readily to Spain and Brazil: He professed the nighest Girjenti with several officers, to establish order in that• .J'<"*>J.•<*>•-:•••3SABRIVAL OPTHE ASIA.durngthisweek. Therewereaboutathousand men •Ve,buttheofficersaredesertingfast. Yesterday evening the commandant of this place dispatched thenomancancontrolorguide. Therecanbelittledoubt quettoHer Majesty'sMinisters. LordsPalmerston m Hi Lorfbut that the annexation Bcheme gains daily and hourly and John Russell both spoke, but the political allusions awtr &*? ' f ' «Mfc ** c a r r e e r s are-•oi tnat outbreak he received the thanks of Parhaaent tor,-thwartedinbisplansbythedifficulties.oftheplace.»ndaregimentofItalianswasonitswaythere.whatistobdeomeofthedynasty—-arequestionswmch"mpectforthe'TJnitedStates.7; '7'*$*£*£*eatservices,wasmadeaGrandCrossoftheadministration, a t last took a bold step, by having L a Farina arrested and shipped off t o Genoa. Hi>Ministers,alreadythethird setwithina" *Melazzo, a place near Barcelona, is to be attacked it is felt must depend on the current of events, which The Lord Mayor of London had gWenbisnsual ban- • i T n & J f v ^ w«ated a Baron i n the Peerage of theHriMSES 1GAIHST THE REVOLT Iff SYBIL month, all creatures o f the intriguing statesman, French transport Breali, with the 1st King's Regiment far this idea may have gained strength from a fear of in London on thel9th, at the age of 53 years.oftheLine,asareinforcement. ColonelMedisi,BnortiyT : French intrigue I will^not venture to say; but thegaveintheirresignation; butthenewmembersofthe Cabinet—Amari, the historian, and th e Dukeof Interdonato—seem to give complete satisfaction.As soon as the Administration is again in workingorder, Garibaldi, reenforced by new expeditions ofvolunteers, who day by day are sent off from Ge-noaandLeghorn,willresumetheworkofwar,forwhichheisbetterfitthanforadministration.The Sicilian peasants say he is the son of the devil confirms the statement made above that Melazzo w an Neapolitan* I feel persuaded that; to use their own differ from them. When I called attention, in theen* r gh to take the castle there. I suppose in a dav o> of tuch a sensitiveness. I am jiesured that papers have't No other incident has taken place. The latest stateof things continues to be very grave. The Christians feel in finding myself assisted by tne cooperation of all the former for Paris and London, the latter for Turin. craft capable of steaming 21 knots a n hour, proof tot •J '••arrived and a OochkeiTfce<portanofrom % rearhfd*•IH-m ttotWuJ Taylor, m be v. *- •>TV'ahn-rii• The?vereeai Buffer'dvie*- ha ahootinftrof'i*Pie>i«'eicomeus - Salvadcby Pr*tialry'onli Keith- Of anv EftUatcbe nndeieU the C*<n, ia vtvuv T h e 1- * all tbe) the <<cc^ pitab:egood men, of all those who love their country's wel- are leaving the interior of the country, and emigrating rare above everything. , <from Vienna, etating that the Emperor of Austria andknees, and there i s nothing o n earth within its gift in 6 days, and Lord Palmerston round the world in 60 the Piince Regent ol Prussia would hold a conference "'•' »•." mtowardthecoaststobeunder,theprotectionofthe Europeanvessels. Thirty-twothousandpersonshave already arrived at Beyrout and Sayda." ,whichitwouldnotpromise. Withsuchconditionsit wouldbecomeimpossibleevenforaBourbontoplay the traitor, but i t becomes a question as to whethervliM • W||S.'.:i"Wfc*ggK•P* .'**?* • , - '•¥&•,p.to tell you, and shall do what circumstances require, TheParisMoniteursaysthattheSultanhasad- freely,frankly,and'withoutboaeting.thetideofpublicfeelingandopinioncannow ancewithV'Clare's Life-preserving Principles," beturnedback bysuchconcisions,orwhetherauciiAtanextraordinaryeittingoftheenlargedReich- fctrathatVienna,-onthe19th.anautographletterfrom the Emperor, addressed to the President^ was read as an imperial message. In •;this letter the Emperor notified his resolution that the establishment of newdressedthe-followinglettertotheEmperor,underdate .Traineduplongsiacetofreedom,Iwasalwaysher of July 16: soldier, and mad« it my duty to fight for her defense.securefromtiedangersoftheperilousdeep,andthat marine transit can be made as safe as railways on land, thereby reducing losses to a minimum. .•:«•r .Prussia in helping herself to all Northern Germany.Prince GorchakofTa complaints against Turkey with what grief 1 have learned the events in Syria.. ity. Such is the civil freedom, noble and instructive, The documents, printed aud widely circulated, haveof Germany. The Prince Regent of Prussia, how-whoever they may be, ana render justice to all. I nbased on these principles. .Convinced that liberty bears with it rights thatis a letter from De BenedLtis, late a Lieutenant in theY ACHT FOX.From The. London Times, July 20.ever, invited some of the German Kings—in order order to leave no doubt whatever of the intentions ofThis gallant little vessel, which played so conspicu-France and England in the East. The Russian Cabineton Tuesday evening, for Osborne, o n his return from the International Statistical Congress i n London, h i s Royal Highness expressed a wish that the Fox should•••W'and that the very existence of Thrkey is at stake.tion, 1expect the peculiar and powerful support of thecourageous youth of Sicily. I n presence of the sub-lime spectacle of thousands of volunteers hasteningfrom Northern Italy to do their doty as Italian patriotsin this island, their brethren of the south will not re-nnain passive. The better hopes of the country are external features of the city. We have likenesses of contend in the young men, because to the sacred en- Victor Emanuel and of Garibaldi i a every shop win->•lowedbyadivisionof troops, to bedrawn fromthe andthevictorswas,OneItaly. Suchshallbeourcry. night; andthe InspectorSpinelli,afollower of Cam-dressed a few wordsto eachof themspecially. To andlc59about £40,000 per annum. Tbe embaraas-army of Lyons. . . With the noble examples of a loyal soldier King and of Six steam gunboats had been dispatched from Tou- Garibaldi, raised to the hight of Washington, we can-pagna, well known and feared, received seven koife- wonnds. Several quarrels, too, have arisen between the lazzaroni and the military, in whica the latter got the woret; and yesterday orders were sent by the Pre- fect to the Commandant of the city to hold himself in readiness, as a descent of soldiers was expected on the PiguaSecca. Manyoftheoldpoliceareconfinedin the prisons of"the Prefecture, whither tney have fledDr. Rae her Majesty said .she had heard mucn abouthim and bis great scientific researches, and joealarlyremarked that Arctic travel could not be such very badservice after all, a s b e was looking so remarkablywell. Ber Majesty entered freely into conversation with Capt. Young about his former voyage in the Fox.and tbe remains o f Franklin's expedition, and aakeahim if h e believed there was any possibility of anyment of the firm arose through supporting numeroas other houses in the same trade. Once engaged with them it was obliged to go o n providing them with, meane. The involments grew from j£36o,000 in 1857, when the firm was solvent.to the present large amount.'•The embarrassment oftne smaller houses brought the difficultiesofthelargerhousetoaclimax. Theusualnt— cilitiesofdiscountwerecut,andastoppageinevitable.lon to the coast of Syria.The Spanish Government had determined to dis-patch two Bhip8-of-war to the coast of Syria.Great excitement prevailed among the Mahomedannot be stopped in mid career.. Inhabitants of the Province of Messina: Fortune hasplaced us here in the van;.it is a post of honor. W e Know how to show to the world that we are worthy ofitineveryrespect.onthemany,thoughthereisalargepartywho,fora wereunimportant.variety of reasons, do not regard it favorably. H o w Lerd Elphinstone, late Governor of Bombay, diedaware,nadonlyrecentlyreturnedtoEngland,haviarr molong«d his etay in India at the express requelto? teSteHW?* That 4May, however+££%& to riadv*S^«S¥ prOVed h 1 f° ••«*^ttoTaUaf n hisarrival at Barcelona, went to Melazzo to re- 'national sueceptibili'y is very mnch alive on the sub- LORDBROUGHAMANDMR.DALLAS. wiin wont, w a Elphinstone returned >o Eotrlandtwo we shall have the Royal defenders o f that place been taken round to people, of consideration and their gress, on the 18th of July, Lord Brougham, being then teS^SSSW®* ** h « W a d d e d anoSer toreturning here in driblets without shoeB or arms. S s v - *ih\ Royalists have received forders t o quit Messi^i. Telegraphic communication between Messina aui .Ca-signatures requfsted. The matter contained i n t h e in the chair, said:that Jong list of pubbc servants whose lives havebeen sacrificed i n the faithful discharged their oaerousimposeibUity, it would be well for the' nation to pro- taniaisinterrupted.' .';- nounceitselfinfavorofMurat. AsIh»ve,however,,Medki: ,Inhabitants of the Province of Messina.-;•,.'..-., TheDictatorof Sicilyhasconfided to methe com-had—not written, but—suggested tie following condi- the same subject; they have colonies, and they have ures which circumfctances don and."tions as likely to lead to the formation of a league persons of various cor rs in their possessions. I call The Corp Legislatif had adopted the new loan for ' betweenthe two"countries: 1,theConstitution and hisattentionto.ithereby. [Applause.) theCityorParisbyavoteof 215to 9.•:•'.;.•if •1.';, m 'Thrlthe ii .2CEM Ttota Ol:p8perswa8to the effect, that, aB annexation was au* I exceedingly regret that the observations I made on tbe first day nave been interpreted into something disrefpecfeloltheUnited8tates; Noonewhohasa m i e s *(London Timee, July 20&.'"FRAKCE.'-i-—^—_."AnotherletterfromMessinaofthesamedatesays observedbefore,thereisnopartyforMutatorany knownmewillaccusemeofsuchanintention. Ire- thatGaribaldiwaswithin20milesofMessina,and Frenchprir|ee,andfromaverywideexperienceofthe fepectourbrethrenoftbeUnitedStates,evenwhenIThe Moniteur publishes ^Convention betweenand of. a saint, and has inherited all the qualities to be at onc£ attacked. Garibaldi on the 4th of July presence of onr friend, Mr. Dallas, to the, in m y France and Belgium for the admission of Freoob, wi«w s •mand of your Province. - its faithful execution;.:2. t h e exchange for a time of Great activity prevailed a t Toulon, and transport The difficult post confers great honor on me, bu*; not 20,000 Neiapolitah for 20,000 Piedmontese troops; and, HER MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA TO NEW- s earners were preparing for departure.the less on that account do I deliberately ask myself 3, a promise on the part of the King to send a contin- YORK IN SIX DAYS!whether my strength will bear the burden I have as- gent of. 50,000 men in the event of Austria declaring » From The JSnoluh Mining Journal, July 14,1860. sumed or not. Had I trusted to this strength alone, I war on Piedmont. It was added that the King had ' There is a scheme before some of the aristocracy of should not have accepted; but two reasons console me accepted the conditions, and that the Marchese L a means and great influence, t o s e t o n foot a national for having done so—the duty of devoting myself en- Greca and Signor Manna, two of the actual Ministers, subscription, ostensibly to develop Mr. Clare's patented tirely to the service of the country, and tne security I bad left on Thursday with instructions to.that effect— ideas in metal shipbuilding—in the construction of aThe Bourse was very flat, and on the 20th Rentes? closed at 68.20, a decline of \ per centjdaritig the day.AUSTRIA ark PRUSSIA. The official Dresdtn. journal publishes a. dispatch.•The Government, o r rather the dynasty, is onj its fire, water, and wind, to take the Queen to New-YorkinthecourseofthefollowingweekatToplitz. Other GermansovereignswouldtakepartiatheConfer- ence. .ThelawsemanatingfromthepoweroftheDictator; teapbillippicbySettembriniagainsttheBourbons, VISIT OFTHEQUEEN TOTHE STEAM- termifiingupontheamountofdirecttaxation,theCommissionedbyGaribaldi, audproudofbeingabletocallmyselfhiscompanioninarms,Ihavelitdedajs,whichhislordshiphaspromisedhewilldowith theinventor* Thegreatobjecttoboachievedisto prove to the world tnat ships can b e built in accord-1. •evils loom in the distance as would render it desirabl" I have at heart that your Majesty should know And freedom means with me—Justice, Virtue, Moral- to continue a race univerfcally detected. . werebutpoorlysecondedbyM.Thoavenel,andJLetyourMajestybeconvincedthatIshallemployallthatIamreadytomakerespectedbyallandforali.'producedaconsiderablefceneationthisweek.Tbefirai ;°_ imposts,ortheincreaseofthoseinexistence,thede- •Tf **mu,the visit to Baden Baden was t o settle the affairs my powers lor establishing security and order in Syrii,and that I shall severely punish the guilty parties, and which laws must b e scrupulously observed, a r e sold in every street, and urging annexation; the second•. c.< 'r*'''impOfition of excise and stamp duties, and, finally,-the concluding of ne *> loans, shall in future only be elrecfced with the consent of the enlarged Council of the Em-thatwouldlaintramplethemunderfoot—apartythat tothemilitary,andthetruthIhave often mentioned succeededinsolvingthemystery astothefateofSir Atorchlightproceeeionhad been held atPesthin by iniquitous meant, turworthy of the age we live in, Js being verified daily, the desertion of the troops in John Franklin and his companions, and which leaves piteof the prohibition of the police. It was put down'.Engineers, in the service of his Majesty, now Majar inmyGovernment,Ihaveintrustedthatimportantmis- oughttobe-protectedanddefendedagainstaparty thePioneersofGaribaldi. Itisaddrtsood,ofcourse, ousandinterestingapartinthefinalexpeditionthat pire.todisarmtheirsuspicions—tothe expected inter- siontomy Minister forForeign Affairs,withwhose view; others came without invitation; and though principles your Majesty is acquainted.''Napoleon'sambitionmighthavebeenflatteredby ItwasreportedinParisthattheFrenchGovernmentthis concurrence of kings and princes, he could not had received communications from St. Petersburg, ex- that t o combat these adversaries force is now at hand from twenty to thirty naval officers to go on Board the visit to-day by her Majesty and the Prince Consort. at once carry out h is schemes. The Prince Re- pressing the desire of Russia to act/ in accord with —not a Irate, but a liberating force, representing the British veeeels, and send i n thejr resignations. O f On the occasion of the Prince embarking in the docks'•isstrivingtosnbstitute.forthrilightoffreedom and ^Sicily,andthevacillation.onthecontinent. Itwas thisportthiseveningonanotherexpeditionofgreatbythemilitary,andseveralarrests,weremade. ' SPAIN. •'•mof war to proceed there.INDIA AND CHINA.'•ftprogress the sad and mournful darkuess of ignorance— only yesterday that I was informed of the desire of commercial and scientific interest, was honored with a•,entrgy and will of a people—I shall occupy myself with the unwearied study of the military question.reiterates Its opinion, that the events now preparing ingether impossible. Napoleon contented himself, the East may hold in suspense the peace of the world, cooperation from every "part of the public administra- But I believe that the resignations will be Bent in, and be taken down to Ocborne Bay, in order that a u op- Venezuela, the Government had ordered some vessels-Let me now give you a description of some of thethe German princes, and lead to practicaLmeas- are only the prelude to a formidable rising in arms of thubiasm of their youthful years are added vigor and a dow, and multitudes crowd arouud tnem to admure; i n Osborne, on. board. The royal party Were received, Hong Kong telegrams are t o the 7th June. T h eparts of the Ottoman territory. The events i n SyriaAt 10\ the Fairy steamed alongside, with her Majes- ty , the Piince Consort, and" the royal children now atIt is stated that telegraphic communication was re- sumed on the 9th July by the Red Sea Cable.course a step could not be permitted whicn would have rendered our authorities accomplices in an act which mnet ultimately terminate in disloyalty to the thronw.T Vj3|s••that their protection will be demanded. At all events, it will be found impossible to fit out any naval force against Sicily^ f o r I know that the ofttcers will not serve. :portunity might be afforded to the Queen and himself to pay her a visit* The Fox was accordingly sent to Osborne laet night, and took up her moorings o ff the Royal landing-place; and this morning she was ptrf in readinees lor ihe Royal visit.. .;aree of reform. The King of WUrtemburg, seeing the Ottoman population against the "Christians. resolute mind—because young men are the soldiers of short, tfcere is at present bfuriafor the R6 Galantuo~ on stepping on board the Fox, by the officers who are rate ol exchange was 4/10, and at Shanghae 6/8J.that the Austrian party was in a majority at Baden, A number of steamers were to cruise along the coast the future, as aged men are the guardians of the Wis- mo and the Hero of Sicily. The streets are patroll.d going on the expedition, viz.: Capt. Allen Young, the Trade at; Shanghae was said to be suspended, and -.;)dom of the past. as vigilantly as ever by soldiers, and a state of siege commander; Mr. T. E. Davies, R. N., second in com- the rebels were investing Foo Chow.refused t o accede t o Prussia's proposition a s t o of Syria to render assistance where necessary. All the And with our young battalions we shall obtain exiets all but in name. No civic guard, no police, have mand; I)r Kae, F . G. S., who volunteers' as surgeon Hofctilitie8 were o n the eve o f commencing on thethe reorganization o f the Federal army. On the Paris journals speak of the necessity of intervention. as yet been formtd, or are visible, and yet, take it alto- and naturalist: Col. Shaffiuer, the principal conceaswn- part of the allies.power,, and being'certain of our object, shall prosecnte The British transport Assistance had been lost atcontrary,hecalleduponthePrinceRegentto TheLondonTimes'scorrespondentwritesthatthewarandendwithvictory.Oncemore,toooften,gether,thepublichasbeenasgreatorgreaterthanit naire;Lieut.VonZeilawandMr.Oiaffsson,twoCom-HongKong.' 1 band, ai•:'•'m iranr.-TI), TheCif Pun»a )n eCJii ,*:>. 1 isAbd-el-Kader had, from a feeling of gratitude toward indeed, our arms will have to oe turned on adver- abandon his dargeroas policy, and tried t o bully the Empeior of the French, offered his services for the saries born on t h e same soil, speaking tbe same lan-theDukeofCoburgfortheprotectionhehassupprestdonoftheatrocitiesintheLebanon.Ifthe guage,andwarmedbythesameItaliansun.Butthe granted to the National Society, which endeavors principle of liberty is stronger than all of us, because French Government will plaice a t his disposal 3,000 it is necessary. Let them also confirm to that prin-by peaceful means, and without revolution, to bring good troops, he engages to pacify the mountain in very ciple—a glorious future awaits them. The foreignerabout the unity of Germany, with the exception of little time. Serious apprehensions were felt, for the still oppresses a large portion of Italian land. The re- demption of that territory would be their own redemp- the Austrian provinces. The Prince Regent, how- safety of the Patriarch of Antioch, who was makiog a tion. They who can be good f.oldiers under theflac:o fever, declared his unalterable purpose to maintain tour in the neighborhood of Damascus. slavery, without glory or honor, will be heroes on the his policy, though h e would b e glad if Austria Reports were current in Paris of th e issue of day when they call thereselves the soldiers of theirpublished;last night appoint Prince Isc..ifcella Com- manderoftheNationalGuards,andnamethecom- manders of the twelve quarters of the city, as alsoa number of inspectors of police. I have heard of only one member of this reformed body making hia appear- ance a s yet, and that was i n the Fiorentini a few nightB since. -Francesco, di Rtmini was the piece per- formed, and it"was received with immense enthusiasm; but, on a single uisi" from the Inspectorj-order was immediately restored. Ha wore on liis arm a tri-coi- orea scarfrand was in plain clothes, and, instead o f sitting, as was formerly the case, watching the specta- tors, be.torned toward the stage. Some o f the mem- bers o f the eld police, who had the imprudence to ap- pear in public, Jhavc been attacked this week. T b e inspector Cimmino was struck with a knife in tneJ. E. Woods, Secietary t o the Expedition; and b y othergentlemeninterestedintheundertaking..Capt, Young and Dr. Rae wore their Arctic medals.Her Majesty and the Prince walked round the ship, minutely inspecting the various instruments to be used for soundings, & c , and the sledges and appliances pro- vided for the land travel and'sur/ey. The sledge Used by Capt. M'Clintock in his Franklin voyage, which is on board the Fox, was an object of especial interest to the Royal party. The Prince Consort and some of the suite went below, and examined the cabins and bertha occupied by M'Clintock and Young in their Arctic voy- age, expressing surprise at the smallness o f the apart- ments in which those heroic men were confined for so long a period id thOee desoiate regions.A letter from Japan alludes to a report that 12.000 Russian soldiers .were o n the march to Pekiu; T h e writerisconfidentthatfsomethingmysteriouswason -i foot, and hopes the success o f the Allies may not be thwarted by Russia.200,000,000 francs in treasury bonds for'the expedition to Syria, which is to be on a large scale.native country; when an immortal principle shall urge them on and convert them from slaves into freemen.was before the sbirri were removed. Some decrees' missioners tent out b y the Danish Government; Mr..-.*»,populationoftheHerzegovinaagainsttheChristians. Andwhenweshallbeabletoeaythatwehavedone' ThePariscorrespondentofTheLondonHeraldconquered,andItaly,once-moreherownmistress,theseprisonsIpassedthroughanumberofthesetheveseelforsuchexpeditionsaashehadundertakenmajorityoithecreditors,buttheChairman,Mr.Caap-assertsthatEnglandwillsendaregimenttoSyria,willtakeherseatamongthecivilizednations. Barccllcvo, July 5, 18.60.The Oeneisl comanding the Province of Messina,G. MEDICI.TO THE ITALIANS OF THE NEAPOLITAN AKMY.Brcthern! When all the world regards and applauds Italy, why do you wish alone to remain the laughing- stock of fcaly and the -world?When the whole nation is gathered under the glo- rious tri-colored flag, why do you wish alone to remain the supporters of a flag on one side of which is written" Perjury," on the otner, "Infamy'-' ?• When the noblest youthsof Italy are coming forwardgentry.Bat a word on tfcege underground chambers, whichandwasabouttoundertake;andCapt.Youngex-maB, announcedthatbisfirm(Overend,Gurueyo& Co.) had come to the determination to place the estate in the Bankruptcy Court. His motion to tbis effect was negatived b y a large * majority-. Mr. Cbapman said: * 1 put the resolution, that I might elicit theopin-• ion of English merchants a s to the infamous practice 'of circulating accommodation bills, purporting t o b e * for general transactions, aud only regret that i t was 4not met with unanimous consent. H e said he should 'not alter h is detorinination, a n d instructions h a d 'already been given to place the estate in the Bank- 'ruptey Court.,Y'It was intimated that a similar course would be pur- sued with regard to the Liverpool firm, at the instance of bankers in that town.A meeting of magistrates was held yesterday, to con- tinue the inquiry into the mysterious chili murder a t Frome. From 11 o'clock to 3i the inquiry was con- ducted with closed doors. At tue hatter hour Inspector Whicher of the Metropolitan Detective force appeared,and that France will send 25,000 men, under Marshalplained t o her Majesty the mode of Tier construction, believing in the statements of honorable men, and ye. and the strength with which she was built,which fittedperson. The organs of the Prince Napoleon are Government had ordered the removal of. the Royal eigner, against the enemies of Italy, and you will beandthePrefectofPolicehadissuedanordinance Foryonrhonor,foryoursafety,rouseyourselves, .£uur but feebly rebukes t h e indiscretion o f t h e doing away with the secretdongeons in all the prisons. or yon are lost, aa tbe cause is lost that you serve.\ Opinion Nationule, and we may. therefore soon see Redeem yourselves by lighting the enemies of the The Neapolitan Envoys a t Tarin had had several country, come with us, we stretch out our hands to you;accomplished, and they wished i t every success; T u e crew of the Fox manned the rigging? and gave three hearty cheers as the Royal party left for the Fairy.joined in this pronunciamiento.The steamer Ellen Vanninof Liverpool, and fourother foreign vessels, had been seized at Naples.intheseplacesnotfitforbeauts? Not condemned criminals; no ! but men arrested on suspicion and wait-The Malta Observer of the 13th inst. -contains the and manner of those who now appear on the scene contradict the .common proverb. I n their very atti-following extract from a letter*froin Marsala, dated July 11: <" You will be glad to hear that the Lombardo—the l large steamer that brought Garibaldi here, and which was sunk at the entrance o f the port, has at last been saved, and was towed round to Palermo the d i y before yesterday. She will require a deal of repair and fit- ting out, in consequence of the Marsalese having stripped her even of some of her planking. Garibaldiought t o make the Marsalese pay for putting her t o rights again;tude, there is an air of self-respect and independence towhich I have long been a stranger. I do not see th eassumption or the swagger of tne overbearing, o r thetimidity of tbe man who drops his friend, and walkson before, because s o aud s o i s coming, or whispersand looka over his shoulder for fear that such and such by party motives and complained of the confused aud never yet crossed. After visiting the west coast a t a person is listening. No; a ll this has passed away, backward condition of Parliamentary measures. After some'point noar Juliansbaab, whence the cable will be arid I meet erect, independent, outepoken men. M y" Y o u will* nocenso has been nominated Military Governor of Tra- pani, and that h e has been promoted to the rank of colonel. . , ; • '• , ," There i s capital communication between England and Palermo via Genoa—there being a regular line of steamers mncing direct between these two latter ports and there i s another line between Leghorn and Paler- mo. 1 believe they now get letters from England i n five days. We had the Benjamin Franklin here last week, on her first trip round this part of the island." The Argus is fixed to remain at Marsala, so that we now feel quite safe—indeed, yon cannot imagine the salutary effect the presence of one of her Majesty's ships has on the evil-disposed."The Malta Times of the12th of July, publishes the followingintelligencefromSicily:measures denovo in each setsBion, however lo-ig tney may have be«-n before the House, should"be abrogated, and that bills should b e taken up at the point where they were left in the previous session.and, after making.a complete survey o f the inlet, she will return direct to Europe.In addition to the primary object of the voyage,viz.,the survey for the North Atlantic Telegraph, tn e offi-doubt, haveheardthat MajorAs-•.i-1:,..-*•• ]&D< • ' hav•wh- -1•" MKSSX.VA, July 10. 1860. "Very little of importance hau taken place here dur-Governor of the Madras Presidency, from 1837 to 1842 ing that it would be we'll for the rising generation to procuring the Galway contract, is published in The he returned to Etgland; btt shortly after again visitedningly organized by L a Farina, one o f the clever-est -jiiefrjigft, B*ly» whose reckless ambition and ing the, week. On Tuesday last two Neapolitan frig Buin'»r '). These times are, however, passing away, sures relative to that enterprise.ates passed through the straits on their w i y to TrieBte. heaven grant that the light of freedom and intelligence They had o n board the Queen-Mother and a ll herfamily, besides about 30 of the Court attached to. the Bonroons.•V '.••" A large number of Italians are arriving a t Pa- lermo. TheIntrepid,whichcameinonSaturday,the 7th inst., brought the news that four steamers weretion '£^^^£*&^r$g^ »re^^^^^wish to remain the ignoble instruments of torture and of the " cap of silence" ?Bu'ldog, with which vessel it is intended the Fox shall•mother. Turn those arms of yours agaiost the for- ground, with an elevation of stone called a pillow. AKoyal party the action of the deep-sea sounding appa-here in or was. notpotianByreccru for man; cians. wall. **<x»icaiaim.iVratus, and other instruments to be employed i n t h e puttingfortharticleswhich,ontheoccasionofoldGuardfromNaples.Theothertroopsweretobecon-somanyheroes. • corisopenedandleadsintoanotherroom,wherenosurvey.CopiesofthemapsandplansconnectedwithlavingMissConstanceKent,ahalfeisterofthede-Prince Jerome's death, remind the French of the liberalism of the Prince, and o f the influnce which he is entitled to exert on public affairs. The Moni •National Guard; 'The punishment of the bastinado had been abolished,with immortal names, like Crimea, PaleBtro, Magenta, San Martino, Como, and Varese; bat, instead of ihem, you have only the remembrance of fratricidal contests.breatn of air can penetrate. - " I was imprisaned nere," said one of my conductors.. I looked at him as if ex- pecting t o find that lie was turned into a brute beast, foritwaiadenforawildanimalnotachamberfora Christian man, in a country teeming with Christ's min- isters, and where the holy Apostolic Catholic lelig- ion is the only one pei-mitted to be professed. I sendThe Royal party remained on board the Fox about .half..an hoar, and on leaving both her Majesty and the Prince Consort expressed their satisfaction with every- thingtheyhadseenonboard,andstatedthattheycon- sidered the project a very feasible one and likely, to befined to the fortresses, and their posts intrusted to the Think of it—you might have your breasts covered twilight, n o reflected twilight, nor a ray of light o ; the line were handed to her Majesty.ceased child, in custody. After further examination, she was remanded until Friday next.PiiorosED FRENCH EXPEDITION TO SYRIA.-- T\& Post contains a telegram from its Paris correspondent, whichsavethattheFrenchGovernmentproposesto send 8,000 men into Syria, under the wmrnand of Gen. Trochu.France desiresfirstto dispatch troops to the coun- tries where the Christians are i n 'danger,- second, t o Napoleon has but one course to pursue; that i s t o the Envoy from Naples to Paris, had been received by free and great country our full activity will find a n ceive that in some parts a man could not stand upright, The Fox is fitted out with every possible conven nominate a mixed Conmiiesion, charged with the adop-Liberty reinstated in France. Against a coalition, interviews with Count Cavour, and M. de la Greca," embrace us, together we shall be invincible. With a you a section of the room, as thus you will per-i any, to aDy himself with Italy and the revolution as represented by Hungary and Poland. The eyes of those countries a r e thus actually turned toward the Tuileriee, for if Germany, Russia, and England should go for Despotism, Napoleon cannot fail t oM. Thouvenel.Advices from Naples say that as soon as the reaction-ary movement of the 15th occurred, the Ministers went in a body to the King and insisted upon resigning un- less the authors of the riot were brought to a court- martial. The King at once went to a l l the barracks, harangued the troops, and made all the officers andhonorable development.There -is now only one Italy t o serve—serve i t .Throw yourselves on its bosom; come and swell the ranks of those who are fight'ng lor her.so that there he lay in Stygian darkness, without any change of air, " and on bare ground," s»id my friend, " nnlet-s he-could afford to pay an extortionate price for a mattressto a licensed spy and,denouncer, who drove a good trade in human mnsery. ' u For God's sake let ue leave this den," I said, and so we groped back intoience for her interesting voyage, on wnich i t is hoped that she will not be occupied longer than until the end of November. A complete Bet of meteorological instru- ments has been presented b y the Board o f Trade, through the kindness o f Rear Admiral Fitzroy, t n etion of an administrative reorganization thatBhall ef- fectually protect them hereatter.LOAN KOK NATIONAL DEFENSES.—The Times says there were yesterday increased rumors of an i n - tention on the part of the Government to propose a loan of £5,000,000, o n Moiuiay, f o r home fortifica- tions,; but it is believed that, if ever a vote for that amount should be taken, not more than £2,000 000 is . likely to be called up durixg the current financial year.FRANCE.. P ARIS, Saturday.—The Moniteur announces that the Emperor received Signor La Greca yesterday, and that the session of the Corps LegiBlatif was closedyesterday.The Moniteur alsp.says: Letters from Beyrout con- tain details respecting the horrible massacre at Dar EI Kamor, and pointing out the odious conduct o f the Turkish authoritir e and of the Government of Beyrout."go forLiberty. The supposition is strange, b u tnot improbable. L e t u s await the events b e - soldiers take an oath to be faithful to the Constitution..afforded to your toldiers; to your officers, to all of you that stand in need of it.Come to us-as brothers, and you shall be received as such—as such be protected. '.'. • G. MEDICI." T a l e care," cried the jailer, as I Btuoibledover,amountain of rotten books and papers; and now oncemore we are in the anlicamcrd, which appeared a pur-gatory as I went down, and now wore the appearanceof a paradise. Oh the opposite bide was another crimi-ndle about 11 by 5 palms, wnere five o r six personsastronomical and mathematical instruments has been lent by the Admiralty. She also carries out the •neces- sary apparatus f o r deep sea soundings, and a l l the requisite appliances for tne survey by sea and land.Most probably tbe Fox will proceed by. the north of Scotland direct to the Faroe Islands, where it is auticir pated she will not be delayed longer .than two or threefore we judge. So much is certain, that the Em- peror feels no longer any objection to the annexa- tion o f Sicily; that h e himself, by his advice t o Francis L , caused the proclamation of the Consti- tution at Naples, and may very soon produce the same result a t Rome. I t m a y b e objected that a sincerely Constitutional GovernmentThe Ministers thereupon withdrew their resignations, and the members of the Corps Diplomatique called upon the King and congratulated him.The Envoy of Garibaldi to Paris had had an inter- view with the Emperor.A Palermo dispatch of the 12th says that some of the Sicilian Ministers bad again resigned.Barcellona, July 6,1860. .AFFAIRS IN NAPLES. Correspondence of The London Times.-menttowhichwastheironlysecurityfrompersecu-tion ; from the prison and the bagnio; all have met to-gether again, by hundreds and thousands, in the cap-ital of what was once the two Sicilies. Revolution is. ing far an order for their committal—men of rauk andsaid .to turn the dregs uppermost; yet the appearanceeducation, accustomed.to the comforts of a home.CKEAT BMTAIKlife here has brought me, too,,into frequent intercourse with them; and, accustomed a s I have been to the trivialities and the nullities rendered a t first necessary, and afterward habitual, by despotism, Ivhave been as- tonished a t the new tone of thought aud oonversa-ion. T h e Neapolitans now reason a n d talk like men; and that which gives much more hope of them is that'there is a degree o f self-restraint about thsm which is in tbe highest degree cieditable after the suf- ferings to which they have been so long exposed. I t is clear that the intellect o f the country has for yearsstating.forcibly the evils of tue present system of pro- carried acrosB to Labrador, the Fox wid take the pro- crastination, be suggested that the rule ol commencing posed route to Hamilton Inlet, on the Labrador coast;x'/J-.tof his son by saj ing, " Better he had a stone round his ' neck, and be thrown into the s6s;" and it wasayes'erday in King street, St. James"s. The deceased It WSB reported that a meeting of the electors of nobleman, who was 13th Baron Elphinstone in theRio, tohCIS*butpriestwhoheldahighpublicofficewhocheckoda ingonMr.Levertoffcw'gnhisseatinParliament. pefton indulging in a similar style of speaking by.say- A letter from Mr. Irwin, who was instrumental i nturningGaribaldi'sCabinet, andmade bybisun-4Jerh*Dd manetiTori any government impossible, continually running between Genoa andPalermo, allthis,Idoubtwhether even they haveanyfurther intendtobeat alldisrespectfultothe United States, playedaaamountoftactandrtsolutionthatsecuredhim expeditiontoSyria."are now to be closed. I have often written of them,at times almost incredulous of tneIhorrors I painted. i yesterday saw some of them. Several members of the commission appointed to close them—themselvesmanner in which the Fox is fitted out, and inquired once prisoners here—accompanied me. A grated door uncer whose directions and at whose expense i t hadled down to an anticamera, which was lighted only through these bars. Stone walls, stone floor—stone everywhere, except the ground, which was coveredbeen done. On Capt. Young replying that it was Mr. J. li. Croskey, that gentleman was, at the request of tbe Prince, introduced to the Queen and himself. M r . Croskey expluined to the Royal visitors the proposed'p,' i,,, .' '%over with burnt fragments o f bookB, that nad been route and the general nature o f the undertaking, and as the valiant champions of liberty, why do you alone taken in «omiciliary visits and destroyed here. ' Here took occasion to thank her Majesty for the graut of theone breathes/' said a pardoned prisoner; " b u t bring a light." he said to a jallei, and we descended from tuis twiight room into another w.cicb received the reflec--••cooperate, and communicate o n all possible occasions. Think of it: you are brave—indeed, tne bravest of tion of the twilight through a hole in\tbe door. I t was Col. Shaffner was also honored with an introduction, soldiers had to lay it—Garibaldi said it, whom you op- small and o f stone—nothing but stone—and on the and gave some explanations of his former voyage over••••Your rank s'hall b e preserved to each of you; youshall also be promoted. Immediate ass'stance shall be the chan ber where the reflection of twilight penetrated. hydrographer to the Admiralty; and a full supply ofNAPLES, July 14, 18G0.I do not know Naples now, so changed is its aspect. Faces that I have not seen for twelve years appear in every street and square. They have come from for- eign exile; from confinement in some frontier town orwere at times confined, nigh above the door was awindow ooenicg-into the gloomy anticamera, and aays in selecting a favorable landing place for the c a -through this alone, light and air we> e received. A ll was htale and dank; the smell of the prison was ren- dered yet more inbufferable by the stench whicn pro- ceeded from a large white vaBe just visible by the can-ble.directway.the east side of Icelana in sounding for and selecting a The Constttutionnel publshes a n article signed by favorable place f o r landing the cable; while the sur-Lord Granville approved o f the suggestion, and cers composing this expedition will take every oppor-thought a Joint Committee should consider the subject.' tunity of observing and recording such scientific factsIt was too late, however, to do anything this session. as will increase tbe amount o f knowledge a t presentIn the HouBe o f Commons, the Attorney General pot seised in reference to the geographical, geological,withdrew the bill amending the Bankruptcy and Insol- and mineralogicttl features of this portion of the globe.vency laws, upon the plea that time would not admit The Fox returned to this port after the Royal visit,been" out of it, or i n seclusion, or i n imprisoamont. of its being got through with this session. He prom- and she sails hence on her interesting mission some timeNor it this to be wondered at, wben ignorance was >e- warded and learning discouraged by those twins of darkness; the Sovereign and tbe clergy, and the only hopes of the Bourbons and the Vatican depends uponised to bring the measure forward early nexts-isi-ion.In the House of Commons, ojn the 20th, Lord JohnRussell, stattd that h e had no intelligence of Frenchtroops being snipped for Syria. The French Go ^era-to-night. . ""mbrutalizng the national mind. Ferdinand II. it was nient had made a suggestion to the Great Powers with whointtnupted a father describing the acquirements a view to united intervention.ccived from Syria state that tiiomaasaw^wwon aaa <•.:.'taken place are the result of a coi.spiracyoftne «na- Ji>bulman populace. The report h a v h « l ^ n spreadamong thetruses that Europe*" < ¥ ^ t a 6 ^ X £todnveawaytheTurkspm SgJS&JfeSSgdetermined on exterminating the 2?H^S^£bjKfcThe French Consul a t the P ^ ^ f j j f ^ * ^ repress a rising which had been <"^TMTMTMj thefavor. V ^ ^ ^ m ^ f ^ m ^ & ^ ^ r . French has declared that although halting the p^owers •A.Galway ww about to be held, for the purpose of call-peerage of Scotland, was born in 1807 and succeededbvsfaherin1813. Afterhavingfilledtheofficeofbe ''ducolarellie sautarelli" ("little asses and little London .Times, and. contains more damagiag expo- li dia in a private capacity, ahd'traveled much throughour possessions i n Hindostan as well as in Cashmere.natives. • . • ^ . DallastotheattendanceofanegrodelegatetotheIn- andfromJaruarjtoOctober,1853,whenhewasap- Our political horizon is a s hazy as ever. Ministers ternational Statistical Congress, had thought it neces- point*d Governor ol Bombay. It was during the lat- workwelltoreform,andnotadaypasseswhichdoes sarytoexplainhimself. HisLordshiptnerefore,at terjpartofhistenureofthi»vfBoe,ontheoccasionofthe not eee a list of appointments and removals. But, with the third sitting of the Congress, stated that he did not outbreak of the Indian mutiny that Lord Elphmstoae d s -Lord Brougham having brought considerable censurejna) not dazzle the aa yet unaccuistomed vision of the upon himself for having drawn the attention of Mr. Waiting to th e Queen from 1847 to February, 1852,Untitled Documenther for any service whatever.The Piince Consort expressed his admiration at theOn leaving the Faroe" Islands, she will proceed t o Iceland, making deep-eea soundings by the Capt. Young and his officers will be engaged onDEA TH OF LORDWe regret to announce the death of the Rigbt Hon.Lord EJphinstone, which melan lholy event took placeELPHINSTONE.•»'•;.WTS-W.V/JWSJ•'^t;..' -.>&*»>The Bombay mail of June 22 had reached England. News unimportant. Markets dull. Freights depressed,THE LATEST.The London Morning Neics of July 20th says:" The meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Straatfleld, Lawrence, Mortimore, leather aad hide factors,was held yesterday. The, proceedings exci' ed t h e greatest interest. It appears tne ascertained liabilities amounted to ,£744,~448, -while the assets are estimated•|iV.. P ARIS,Friday.—ThePanscorrespondento li * e»•**«>»««»i•m mw4 Tb*l* '' • • w -Mr. I) and pre* oldii--.it]••!• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ll.*l ,»jl8mujuM«umWJWuiiii!i'i,»rf»!,www.fultonhistory.com 