 2ftwrrlgrsty, orwhetherthepfwectcantrover*tosaread Justed or notIn reepeet to thetodeetk*of Hitrsrnaao.thoy-Wfll probablypropueethat,untilthetameof thecontroversy apewayoranother,therevean*Mayhecollectedas heretofore, and a regular account kept, to b? heref ter settledbetweenthefederalgovernmentandthatofSooth Carolina./Niy JTOBKNESDAT,vjifBCEMB|a^jjr«States will bo teat t h e ISSaftify those heretofore co-operating•K to wod awterstoed at toast ibid the Otoamisstoaers Thequestionwastakenontheadoptionof theiribed by the oon-The whole consti- our own high destinies. United together, and we most We, therefore, the people of South Carolina, by ourul courteav to ftBwetlasyoai j* ntafttre. topretoeg _th__eSt!asth*«off*M B ofSaator aaditoriBUta toesam etothThiseat! Arthai«tt ae*©sea*withperempt>r\ lemaads orundermsgis-terad instructions. Loyal aa they are to South Carolina,they are stataemt* of sense, tact, moderation and expe-rteuoa. Solongattheyarehere, atleast,thereaeedheaofeatofcatteaonwBhthefederalpowerwithintoodelegatestaconventionaaaemblod,appealing to theSu- preme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our inten- tions, have solemnly declared that tho union heretoforete ofMrState, yourlimits of Booth ChroUaa; aad ao the frieads of .the policy Session. Carried.nown must spread throughout the civilized world, and 1*0 resumed her position among the nations of the world f not of the nation. Ibag,fao>(iforo. to refer yento the pass down, w e trust, to the remotest ages. We ask you as a free, sovereign and independent Kate, with full action of Miaawsipp—tolrtfady submitted toth. w »h for a peaceable solution of our troubles, have TIE** Q r fhf ghsTfcjl tssVslhM E*ft-Es tdTBBt. t m 4JBBBI CsnttV^HsstaNHK dkPna If* « • / * .Uve-to — —"*• =arr seokofftrsome of theinstructofiByl skm, to Informthe recent etecfjbe of the President uponhostility to the States of the South, and toexprestihei ratT3tJ^ll4^^caused such universal disnottoXactioa in the Sooth) to cotofrecentdate. TenyearssincethisUnionwasv^^ase""* •"•* •;"•* TMv•• wa^ iiaTMam*w W'"err same outrage* of wfedrh we now oomptah,mynow'aggiavaiftd',h*tbereoeatetoctioB. Nothiaa butherdevotiontotheUWoeourfathersmadeinduces the South then to yield too coeapromiae, in which Mr <layrightlyaaid,wehadjyiektedeverything••T^OftOlBt * . ^iB" ^S^ BBJBB^BSthusthebenefitofthatgreatpacificator—t we.the bloodthirsty spirit of seme of your contemporaries,at this erieto, in etoclaiaitow for testehre meaaawo, wouldho ndteuteu* If it weeh not onteatoted tohaveaato-rfneetothecuatom*. *The todkaUoai are that the Convention will adopt the United States revenue laws. Direct revenues are to be paid to the State Treasurer, the officers to swear alle-Thepresent condition of affairs is rather embarrassing mittotoforeignvesslainport.THE SO^TMOGNTy OP SOUTH CAROLINA, THKADrOUtaa0»THKfBOFUtOF80CTH CiEOLINA,Aflsmaup n coKVkjmojf,TOrn raorui oi THX 81.AVKHOLDlNO STATES OF TH* tnTITtP ffi'It atnow seventy-three years since the onionbatto join us in forming a confederacy of slavehoMing States,DECLARATION OF 1NOK1KKDCM0E OF BOnfH CAROLI- NA, DOM* IN CONVENTION, IWOBEBgR, 24, 1860The State ol South Carolteahaving determined to re- sume her separate and equal place among nations, deems it due to herself, to the remaining United States of Amer- ica, and to the nations of the world, that she should de- clare the causes which have led to this act,in the year 1766, that portion of the»Britiah Empire embracing Great Britain, undertook to make laws for the governmentofthatportioncomposedof thethirteen American Colonies. A struggle for the right of self gov- ernment ensued, which resulted on the 4th of July, 1776. in a Declaration by the Colonies, "that they are, and ot rightoughttohefreeandindependentStates,andthatas freeandindependentStates,theyhavefoilpowertolevy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish merce,andtodoallotheractaandthingswhichindepen- dentStatesmayofrightdo."powertolevy wa*,conclude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and toMo all other acts and things which independent States may ef right do.And, for the support of this declaration, with a firm re- liance on the protection of Divine'. • evidence, we mutual- lypledgetoeachotherbar Itves, ourfortunes andour sacred honor.SPEECH OP OOVERSOB PICXEKS.Mr. Pickens, the new Governor of South Carolina, waa serenaded in Charleston on the xlst test., to which theGovernor made thefoitewteg response :— FaxiiOwOmzawB Ireturnyoumysincerethanksforthe very kind and cordial manner to which yon are pleased to receive me. If there to anything calculated to sustain me te the critical and difficult situation which I amcalleduponft)occupy,ittotheconsciousnessthatI amsustained byabraveand patriotic people. (Cheer ing.) Allow me to say to you, fellow citizens, that the Convention of South Carolina has placed this State te a proudandgloriouspositionbeforetheworld. ThatCon- vention to now assembled, and under such circumstances itwouldbeobviouslyimpropertemettomakeany lengthyorprotractedremarks. (Criesof'•Goon,""Gochl-veo* effect tm batter nature* among the afdaat and |suaof the general government— to protect itself against thatrule twerThe majority, constituted from those *e*e sectional or local interests, them,. A free people cannot sub- nt. And the more it enlarges power, the greater must be the .dtosa-^HMfadst^lh^aa £^P dsh^auYsf sTjhl'tV%^Bi^^MM fH*AIM soamSBto*' JasTtV^ejsi aaaian— **^ajp*^p^a^^^a»^^pw ^ sas^w^p ;. w^^pa^Bi^^fcSsnflipB^, BSEJpwwt aBSJBEBSlipL. ^Bwv-BBBEBB^B^Bft j r ^ s r ^ B heroes will he ready to take their ptetes la front in case of aa actual irruption of th* anti-slavery hordes on the necpaakonlata? Would he who v dtoniiy get oat of the wayin the havingtea?Se f S ' h o ^ r ^ d ^ V ^ ^ S t f f ^ theelbowsoftheMines)heIanalertinrunningfrom the Southern fire eaters than he was on a famous occasion celebrated in the ltaaorfBEPOBTS FBOlf YTBGWIA. Wjrwkmi, Dec 36, 1460..thespher 1 tiafactlo*iAn unfounded rumor of a threatenednegroinsurrec- ceivedorder*tobeinreadinesstoturnon*atagived UnitedStates.Daringthisperiod"*signal,whichwasthedischargeofthreeroundsfroma cannon nested in Caaitot square by order ofB mM w|psemmmag|em,*jsao*B*J'Br*V-.mm• ^eaasa^^nw •"^•Eeajrwr- ^w •••* ••*•••^••»prosperitysndpower,IrsbeenwitheearoeryaparaQal the history of the world. The greet object of their was external defence from the aggressions of mart erfu! nations, now complete, from their miThey further solemnly declared that whenever any''formofgovernmentbecomesdestructiveoftheendsforwhich it was established, it to the right of the people to on/') But, fallow citizens, allow me to say to you that I alter or abolish it, and to Institute a new government."DeemingthegovernmentofGreatBritaintohavebecomedestructive of these ends, they declared that the coloniesStates of North America,, reported tbe following resolu- United States The one greatUnder this confederation the war of the Revolution was are willing to watt a free and fair demand. <r American liberty must perish," that ' h e success oftions:— ed, is theov Resolved, first, That this convention appoint commis- States. Them which allother evils hare flow. of the constitution oi the United en t of the United States is no longerthey would agree to give Cougress the power carried on, and on the 3d of September, 1783, the contest But I say to you further, gentlemen, that te the black republicanism to the triumph of ami-stovery,' aof regulating commerce by a majority, that they ended, and a definitive treaty was signed by Great Bri- meantime, if there to any attempt on the part of the revolution in the tendencies of the government that mustwould support the extension of the African slave tain, to which she acknowledged the indei>endence of the i; doral power to increase ihe forces at your forts and for- be carried out. To-day our government stands totafifasoners to proceed to each shareholding State that may thesoatmhto ta oonveation for the purpose of laying before a consolidatedthem the ordinance of sceotcton, and respectfully to in- ment, but avite their co-eperatioa in forming a Southern Confede-racy. as Great BritainSecond, that our commissioners be authorized to sub* which wasglefor „ _ ^ ^confederated republic, but of trade for twenty years. African slavery existed in all colonies in the following terms:— tifications, as far as I am concerned, it shall not be done revolutionised, tn its mate features, and our constitution1It•^MuriGf to make fi[deprive me of the pleasure of ac- of the expediency of .the legislation this "general wel-1 States or slave States. It to true that amdhgst those who b-^neay. fare*' requires. Thns the government of the United aidedin his election,there are various shadesofanti-sincere thanks for the honor tjmtee has become a consolidated government, and the: slavery hostility. Bat if African slavery in the Southernself to the obligations she had undertaken. »Thus was established, by compact between the StatesGen. W,W.IURLUKwasthen introducedbytheHon. ment-rebelsagates*j»tleeandcommonhonesty—tebeTl AtW) the]thewortSSIa* m Beratiwatt Bosure frioo for tl rotot efwlRe mill!wed l<Rehoaalan pact2 perl atmAJom adviTen*6byd .who toUtlonTlliesTt*13.K las:12.iati ofh due-to£*' BBOJO Toxiar . arooui to144,.ist troof* taTita•mSTi I*ithe floor of .~___;. fise,eoTtre|g*Stot<v The free act of at- Cur MOM. w> h. BABJtU, COMMI^OOKEB press,finallyi: THE BTATB o r BnasiaBiFK, wmunrom BE- purpose of dt _._.._4*w. >•EOftftftsflr ABBES ^•"•^B^B^B^pfTd^^dtoootifytaaaM ftssjoderotea.,UT OF THE STATE o r AB*> eawnmnr. or « u anran asm JXf*, g?»•»«B00iu>-I of tt". (»*.«i, gad trnw'-'*'uamcqueodiy fcpreadteg Wlmrsao.Thtoapiritof__. invite me to a make them hear in common with the rest of the empire, Uona which once existed is gone. Thaw are of the States tho art teles of union known as the Consti- if need be, she can fight alone again. I say to you again, the full burden of her obligations and necessities. She SOW divided, between agricultural, and manufacturing tution of the United States. that at the great battle of Ohurubusco the Palmetto regi-races. Our fathers secured to us, hy ourUnion, now being overturned by rule,protectiontolife,libertyaadproperty,allovertheUnion and wherever its Jag was unfurled, whether oaland or sea. Under this wretched, lawtoos spirit and policynew uaarpto*; thoceaatolof thai govarnment. citizens of a>e^outhfaavebemdeawrveaoftbWpropmy.andforat UmpUngtaoeafctheredresspromised by thoromaosEnmi laws,have U«t their liberty and their lives. Equality «rights secured to white men, te equal sovereigngtates, to among the most prominent features ef the coadtituttea underwhichwehavesolong1ived. TBhEtEoEedqEuEaEilttyhasbeeadei: ied ue te the South f >ryears te the"common Territories,while the North has virtually distriibuted them as bonatits to abolition fanatics'and foreigners, for their brigand service in aiding to our exclusion. Our constitution ta unmistek'-able language, guarantees the return of our fugitive slaves. Congress has recognized her doty tothis respect by enacting proper laws for the enforcementof this right. And yet these tows have been oaetttenaUy nullified, and the solemn pledge of the compromise of # * 18(0, by which the North came under renewed otfliga /> tidia to enforce them, has been faithlessly dtoiegftfded,aad the government .and tot ndtosrs Set at dofiance. Who now expects these rebels againsttbe tows passed b y *helr o w n consent a a d procureI courtesy at» of my life, entirely devoidt a sea mHictedengagedWa atehaad holy purposvtBBBJrte»Btury—' toAsiatic policy. which had occasioned the accumulation of her public debt, and which kept her in continual wars. The North American colonies saw their interests, politicalslaveholdlng States. Their institutions and industrial pursuits have made them totally different peoples. That equality in the government between the two sections ofwere the several sovereign States; they were to agree or disagree, and when nine of .them agreed, the compact was to take effect among those concurring; and the gene- ral government,as the common agent, was then to be In- vested with then* authority.If only nine of the thirteen States had concurred, the other four would have remained as they then were—sepa- rate, sovereign States, independent of any of the provi sionsof the constitution. Infect, two of the States did not accede to the constitution until long after it had gone into operation among the other eleven; and during thatcharge in the history of the campaign; and when the New York and Pennsylvanto regiments fWt it neeeseary to retire, and the South Oaroltet regiment was called upon, the gallant and glorious leader of that regiment. with a second in command, the brave and intrepid Glad- den, marched on thefieldof Cuurubusco alone, and fought and won, and w e can stand and march alone again. Fel- low citizens, I desire to say nothing that is imprudent or rash. I desire coolness and calmness. I desire that nothing will be done to provoke any difficulty, or prema- turely nurry us into a war. I desire evervman t be ready, standing at his gun, at his post, ready when the word is given, and when the last word shall be given to march forward and onward to independence now and for- ever. There are other circumstances in the ease of South Carolina. She asks no favors—South Carolina asks no' the greatest ttberly* consistent with theHies and happtaoss of Shu good. In everyfour ordinance is in good taste, to the point,determined to assume the power of legislating for the ties unless they are in their own custody. To plundercolonies la all cases whatsoever. Our ancestors resisted and oppress where plunder and oppression can be prac interval, they exercised the functions of an independentutlon forw.or to the any specification of re-of Immediate Causes which hare induced and of Carolina from the federal Union,tween taxation without any representation, and taxation without a representation' adequate tw protection, there was no difference. By neither would the colonies taxelation to omnipotent in party influences. Ladisclaimers and professions, there can be hut one aid by the submission by the South to the rule of a sootiooal anto perform a material part of the agreement entirely re£ leases the obligation of the other, and that, where no ar- biter is provided, each party is remitted to his own judg-what every member ofthe ~ aDjroorhaartfly te whathe has aaid would be hto course In • we are coaajNed. bv force of arms, to vindicateour test expectations prove deli for the worst. There te not »Ha woman, te the State who has not_All the Southern State* may not ovsoHflEOtoaecomeeto the rescue, the tret gnuor InBTEasl bogte sounded^wtthgtehocd by the menthe Game Coefc. People from all quarters arereadytome*tdb**es-efSouthCaroHnaonthedead- ly flelu, and the men who tread the soil eoce trod bytsnttyrconfede-tospBETaim-aye.M r a governnw-utbeen set tied under charters which gave them self-govern- ment, at least so far as their property was concerned. They had taxed themselves, and had never been taxed by the government of Great Britain. To make them a part of a consolidated empire, the Parliament of Great Britainfederation with slaveholdiug States.Experience has proved that slaveholding States cannot be safe in subjection to non slaveholding States. Indeed, no people ever expect to preserve their rights and liber-M.recess from to-;ws*^^oo* •** *^**s^s*\j*^^ma#waa^ ish slaveryremain ini t• a t o *to theestpreos words IJhjftjTfatoHmtsubject to tho elpeople, andrenderedaan^"llKiokTahat toottothetwo ef tedBpbndencof mankindth»sBieBalBtoat BBBiiinpsr. Hebettereditwnfl P | ^ H f t J VI IdffC legalproprietywherevertherewasadtesolat'ioaofany confederacy,partnershiporalliance,togiroInformation Hethoughtitbecamethemoverofthediaaotatioatono-arrestmen^, ami they were all lent.Theoriginal resolution wasadopted. Mr.DrscnrmovedthattheConventiongoP> Northern people,has te its preamble. laseem unable to com themorepoweris .t the weaker tt becomes, its generality and limitations. Toits power oversectionalortotalin W!against it opposition and resistance, the general government must neces- because.all sectional or local ever be represented by a minoritylisitproduce,andtheweakeritmootbe- contrary, the more it abstains from and the more faithfully it adhores tothe constitution, the stronger it is oithernpeoplehavehadneither thowis- thefaithtoperceive,thattoobserve thoUml-norf the constitution was the only way to its perpe-iersuchsgovernmenttheremust,of course,he and endless "irrepressible conflicts," between the greatsections oftheUnion. Thecamefaithless- i which has abolished the constitution of theUnited States, will not fail to carry out the sectionalpurposesforwhichIthasbeenabolished. There mostbe conflict; and the weaker section of the Union canonlyfindpeaceandliberty,inanindependenceof the North. The repeated efforts made bySouth Carolina, in a wise conservatism, toarrest the progress of the general government in iU fatalprogress to consolidation, have been unsupported and!denounced as faithless to the obligations of the constitu-tion by the very men and States who were destroying itby their usurpations. It to now too tote to rearm or pointed officers for the administration of government in counsels, acting under impulse or under false rumors; iiattotoat ef the North. Some of thorn Wore scarcelyg'.aceandgivebondstotlwStateofSoothCarolina.The free trade party is at present small.Theproceedings are marked with prudence, toavoid *'f-tbe iwho do injurytocommercial interests. will|theUnitedStateswasmadebytheconstitutionofThisITthenegroes' sndthepeculiaroppor-power,thirty-onemillionsofpeople,wtthaoonimiVandI romise measures., The North pi toad facer her faith te yieldtousonroonstttuUoaat r^Mrte rotation tostove 1roperty. They are now, and have been ever since thatt•.•it»esforintercoursewhichtheyhaveatthistimeg»v* uavigatUmwhichexploreseverysea,and-urately. pros- i theyears. her peo- into con-colortoanylittlealarmthatmayberaised._. _ — -Lj"*F-;.jfc^_ . . ^ .M- « _ R.W. Barnwell, lames L._ .productionswhicharenecessarytoevt command the friendship of the world.our internal peace has not grown with oar perity. Discontent andbosom of theDuring this timteSouth'csxothm hattwi pie together hi -iM"-sideratioa _perpetratedbyth<A t South. These wpie of the South,<they would be final.have proved to be void,StatesofGreatBritainto,andought tohe,totally dis- solved."otocttoa. Therewerethreecandidatespreoeatodtothe North by Southern men, all of whom represented the I degree of conservatism and concession which their re" t pectlve partite were waling to yield, ta appease the fathe three South OaroUna w—.—-—..-, arrwed here this evening, on their way to Washington. Theyare •topping at the Exchange Hotel, and will leave in the morning.iii j inTHESOUTH CABOLDJA CONVENTION.T1CHTH DAT.CH.vaua.-rox, Deo. 26,18*0The Convention mot at noon, Mr. Jamison In the chair.i*rayer was uttered.TheCommittee onRelationswiththeSkveh>lding dissolvedherIn pursuance of this Declaration of Independence, each of the thirteen States proceeded to exercise its separate sovereignty; adopted for itself a constitution and ap-Gov. Praotss—I hope and trust, under existing circum- stances, there will bono imprudent, no rash appeals toforbearance our sub: forms of aggressions again assembling her |It cannot be believed that our ancestors would haveassented to any union whatever with the people of theNorth if the feelinp and opinions now existing amongstthem bad existed when the constitution was framed.There was then no tariff—no negro fanaticism. It was freedom and independence, and every power, jurisdiction sent the claim to your forts and public places now lathepeopleof to by the pio- expectation that and expectations of being incentives to only instigated to new outrage, and South Carolina, in convention, has this day withtheStatesconstitutingthetweenthemwhichnopromisesorengagementscanfill.theircounsels;and,in1778,theyenteredintoa ourvirtuesandfromourcharacter.Atpresent,allowpeople of the Southern states are compelled to meet the very despotism their fathers threw off in the RevolutionTh,' consolidation of the government of Great Britain'over th* osloniea Wat attempted to be carried oat by tho Itaxes. The Brltieh Parliament undertook to tax the nolo- j srttuUoual niesto promote British interests. Oar fathers resisted the Supreme' 1 defined —•-l t government, with <--* - ^lution. instructing the Governor this pretension. They claimed the right of self-taxation considered that the N< all preparations which may be needed through their Colonial Legialatares. ' They were not power to make that CourtUrns established to sub- nance of secession: as a delegate to the Cool 'Marion. 1desirenoprouderhonorthanthat: red. We have idone notMhinag bt ut our duty,Aad,fthswe all, who at tt n the South, born or daoaanded of Bevoiottonary aires, whosolovessuefcaoanpanyasthathewilltanghesitaterepresented in the British Parliament, and there- constitution never hasbeenaa«'haaiaf:wt*MMi- to e the right and jurisdiction of South fore could not rightly be taxed by its Legis- tl»lrexereto«ofpovre7*!rW-W* " W » * ^ - ~ — • w- rtedintheDeclaration rBbatthemodeorrte principle.before he eaa otic heart ever?onethe consent of a vi nee to separateto firmly convinced This newand freein Its territory, was lost, lature. The British government, however, of restrainedcounselsof the unr offered a resolution that copies of the Ordi- fered them a representative in the British Parlia sympathv in association,ment: but it was not sufficient to enable them to protect principle; but when there to principle, and that ion adopted by the Convention, with the themselves from the majority, and they refused it. Be- to fortified by long existing prejudices and f e "i concerned speak Of my namely—the law of compact. sisr* when I say that there ts noi a wcompact between two or more parties the obligation to rton who would not have spurned and mutual—that the failure of one of the contracting parties gate from that district who would'aimowestoherlateconfede- ITdOand1779therewerebuiltintheseyardstwenty- abolishedallbarrierstotheir omnipotenceenacttowswhichrenderinoperativethere-toplunderm byuasoBOS;taxation,noneto by dtotrimlnatmg tows, would ever b e made.i ratea,W^pWUeeherwithdrawalfromtheleaguefaithlessconstructionsinUieoperationsofthe government, it is most natural that they should vor to do the same towards us in the Stat truth to, they having violated tho express prov theconstitution,ittoatanendftsft000%. morally Obligatory only on those whochooseNo man can for a moment believe that rmr its perverted terms. South Carolina, deemingS h e '*byhertNhtlinrandbythelawsefCon-""-Krawi* againstu*.Shewasoor-Evern-tad mfitJmy*ijjiiof thecaoses v. titch compeBod us to MrMyDU^piopoaedthatth•tburrationadhereti southCarolinaincreasedsevenfold.by us. NO alien majority, oJer-rtd-and imttaa o w vatoe te • hereoatbe side ofthe prnctte*of ftetime, and hr. communicate with the non slavebSHlBg;or slaveholdtor States on th»'snhj*vt. Taket^rmx»tl6Ba»orlginanyoffered.TheCitizens of the slaveholding States of the Uhi circumstances beyond o u t control have placedvan of the great controversy betweennhe NoiBhSEB stodf Southern States. TW~e"wou"ld "have^er-V eTMjat —%m• States should haver^^^c^^ignvm Independent ourselvto lead the eounsete of the ether Southerndeuce h c i o s t oar tot together," assidentity of poreuite* tola»Bapjolin* deairerfao/jone of a greatarms over a territojy tomer tiftR ftny',po rK*se3se«r-wlth'a jofiWJJBf fow timesof the whole United States, when theydependence of the Wttah empire—witlwhich make oar OTIIIEBU p o n . toaportanthan that of any other people inhabiting it~institationa to defend, and ~r»—we ask yourWhitet constituting » portion or the Uhi been your statesmanship which has guided ll strides to power and expansion. In the field cabinet, you have-led the way to itsdear. You have loved the Union, in wbait ntatsffmoo- have labored, and your ive fooght and conquered—not for~' it wodorred, boa with tho faith of , ___ . .->WT? T&» have long Ihoped over theshftttared remains of Attoft. Compromise after compromise, formedservile insurroetion la the Stateof Thus the constitutional compact hat been broken and disregarded by the IId BOW OWeonangrindstone, or wall oa-te-wWh asidethay against a< Mono!rightaI my firstahouhlbogiven to our late confederates of our with aaj operation,was,doubtless,tosecure thegreatendof drawalfromtheconfederacy. Thereshould beaformal the RorolatiBo-* liaaited free government—*govern-toestablisha despotism, not only omni... gress,butomnipotentovertheStates;andas feet the imperious heceesily of our m threatenaswiththecwooa,tooSareosabmthoughtif wouldb esufficientB^BHBUVB BEE" ^ * 1 •Bj^BBBEfEE;l iv I V"^BaF^O^Bm^BTWjBBEwW^VBEr*theboft^oEd#apdjojBOBBwhoatrnmkmtffiliaWl. If was unnecessarr to send them a atatemant of reasons: He t&ooght H would b e Vest t o > Wiles in the late confederacy copies of t i eand to she stovoholdmg States theOrtnaaaoe ia simply a doeumenu i Union.BynooUeraxnuitB&fni would they obtain free govern ment by a eonsUtuTton common to so vast a confederacy. Tct by gradual and steady eacroactuuents on the part of the people of the North, and submission op the part of the Sooth, the limitations in the constitution have been, and the government of the United States consolidated, with * claim of limitless powersIt "is not at all surprising, whilst such is the chiracter of the government of the United States, that If should assume to possess power over all the institutions of the country, t h e agitations on the subject of slavery in tho Snath are ^ o natara} results of th* consolida- tion of the government. ReaponsiWlHy followspower; and if the people of the North haveralweK'of t£e SSrSutas,-- 'by anyineans^hey deem expedient. why should they not assail and over- throw the institution of slavery la the Sooth? They are responsible for Its continuance or existence, in proportion to their power. A majority in Congress, according to their interested and perverted views, i> omnipotent. The inducements to act upon the subject of slavery, under«*BJt"was IBfaith of the parties -breiagthem. It to mexaiadelolaeavipaEf.iott.tttu-latereftM. arc to be tub- .SoutoernStates,aad Of: .fivesquareriggedvessels,besidesagreatnumberof sloops and schooners, to carry on our coast and West In- dia trade. In the half century immediately preceding the Revolution, from 1T& to 177S, the population o?tbe State of New Turk even the right of a stove hasbeen denied by her tribunals, andof<£i> and Iowa have refused fugitiveschargedwithmurderancestors intended "to esfaWisl" SveF their poste- rity exactly :the safer sort of government thev had oierthrowa. . The great object ofpact not only violated in particular features, allyabolishedbyherNorthernconfederates herself as a party from ltd obligations. Tinnoa-Btav«" and'Bhfconsequencefellowsthe';S«W,Ma.iorCTrnoosaid It « H entirely proper that notice the ronstttatieav' of the United States, in its Inter so isdenied by herNorthern confederates.leased from its obligations.Theends forwlKfcthte'constitutteh wotframedare" formamoreperfectunion, eatabUahJhBOttee,ipsaradomoaetotrwqudlity,provideformeat limited is those matter* only which were generalt f l Bcore Ike btoaatogsof liberty tooorsetves Bod our pos-tOrEB/.TS-'' : 1$ m f-0 ."*«>":&B "»••?'••*• *'OH si 10* ail! i* i,+ Vj:! 'jenveniion naa navewwaoger toMmcommon te allportions ofthoUnitedStates. AltttfflWitttoKhoatfiBf States a ' e«py of the Se- •ectjonaior local interests we«» to be left to the States. rule. - -ft> soimperiousastoamount a necessity. To make, however, their available tortile the Union, the North their power. U woold not be united, **•" —•--*-. Un'<si—in other r on Buch subjects North as te the Iinterest. If this at the North.to i "v*** '"''•*a*.. _ colongerhavethepoorerofaetf- oosTprotect.'oa, sod the federal govera-willhavebecometheirenemies. Sectionalinterestandanimosity will deepen the irri-tation,andallhopeofremedytorendered vainbyth? fact that public opinion at the North has invested a greai politicalerrorwiththesanctionsofamon erroneousre- ligious belief.Inull.States be the evil their political combinations affirm it to be. the requisitions of an tnexeyable logic muss,leadJOHN A. CAIHOV.N, and spoke to substance a s follows: Fmxow Orrtzms of Cwxxuwro*—I did not expect thisgratutete you. The deed tofree. Tbe proudest day of my life \in your fair city I attached mytametoc^mepioua patriot* h> the arquJBirm ofUnion of our fathers,by wilful and corrupt perjuryof the people of South Carolina, inCon- themselves. Hence they refused to pav the taxes laid ti-slavery government at Washington; and that oJL di- ment to determine the fact of failure with ofi Hs conse-reportofthecommitteetowhomwasreferredthecom' miintsniim iT'flm Legislature of Georgia.British Parliament for their benefit. For the last maintain a free government amongst themselves, fortyyearsthetaxes laid by the Congressofthe numberswith them to the great element e'nited States have been laid with a view of subserving government. A majority is infallible andthe interests of the North. The people of the South "The right divine to rule ifl kings" te odlyby the British Parliament.The Southern States now stand in tho same relation to-wards the Northern States, in the vital matter of taxation. that our ancestor- stood towards tho people of GreatBritain. They are te a minority in Congress. Their repre-sentation in Congress is useless to protect them againstrectly or indirectly, must ho the emancipation of the slaves of the South. The hypocrtoy of thirty yoara-^Ke faithlessness Of their whole course from thement of our union with them—show mat 11the non-sbreholding North are not and cannot sociates of the slaveholding Sooth under a co. vernment. |fot only their fanaticism, but theirled, to the slavehoWing States of thebe transmitted by the Governor of the Governors of the shareholding States, for the of their respective Legislatures orhconren-tkms. where conventions of the people have been calk 1 taan'y of the sUveholding3u.es.Mr.W-iitki#thoughtTthadbetter goalongwith the of Great Britain taxed our anceaters in the doubtfofwhether,separated from the South,quences. ' -• : a-Lsi In the present case that fact to established with oar. tftinty. We assert that fifteen of the States have deliber- ately refused for year* past to fulfil their constitutional obligations, and we refer to their own statutes for theproof.The constitution of the United States, in its 4th article,it provides as follows— •Nopersonheldtoserviceorlaborinone.Skate.underthe tows thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-quenceofanytoworregulationthereto,bedischarged Ztm from soon service or labor, but shall Be delivered up, onthe cost of the position weunjust taxation: and they are taxed by the people of theNorth for their benefit, exactly as the people views of the principles of free governments,,Sarotstf hl^itlas were made to amend.Mr. Dantus said, according to theory South Carolina hare been taxed by duties on imposts, not for rere their majority. The y^ry object of allinclaim of the party to whom sonftSJEI 1 loe or labor may be Marion aad Sumter will not'be the tost to rush to your people haw the ideathat we took for aidThis stipulation was SJ material to the compact, that from a foroiga tower—that France stands ready to toed without it that BHiispSMBrould no»ba»e been mode. The us a helping band. No, fellow citizens, such to not the greater number of-the ©00tract teg parties hold slaves, ease. We must fight our own battles, and we are loadj and the Statojgf Virgmm had previously declared h«r todoii. My advice is. and always shall be. when foreign estimate ofWvalue by making it the condition of her aid to spoken of—"Hands off! 'the blood of Douglas willrfwhichnowcomposetheStates protectitself.''" north of the Ohio River.one. but for an Object Inconsistent with revenue—to pro- free popular restrain the; had boon cste'tYthe republics of the United States, » d niote. by prohihrtieasj,Northern interests in the produc- Constitutions, therefore, according to their ththe conotrtutlon was a compact between independent tions of their mines and manufactures. be most unrighteous inventions, restricting '80tere%» Mates. South Carolina has thought proper to exercise her sovereign right to withdraw from thai federal leagfie compact, there is propriety that this t*tateshooMnotify her late confederates, whetner non- =>!arehoMtngorslavenoldicgState? thatshehaswith-There is f>.oother evil in the condition of the Southern ought to exist; but the body politic ought sim; towards the Northern States, which our ancestors re- a political organisation, to bring out and entor fusedtobeertowardsGreatBritain. Ourancestorsnot ofamajority. Thistheorymayboonly taxed themselves. but all the taxes collected from community having an identity of interests and them were expended amongst them. Had they submitted but over a vast State—still more ofer a vast co tothepretentionsofthoBritshgovernmentthetaxes havingvariousandeimfllettoginterestsand eoHeetedfromthemwouldhavebeenexpendedonother aremorselessdepotism. Inrestatingtt.as parts of the British empire. They were fully aware of ourselves, we are vindicating the great causeolarticle of the constitution stipulate* also for 1bytheseveralStatesoffugitivesfromjut-•Do CoHl'i CJWBOM.H>B M w ^ a E M e i n ^ ^movedOt*toserenadeoihsrdistinguishedcitizens.Therightssitoslavery,mthedraw#TVia» the PMon, and to certify in proper form theeaasewrif bar'withdrawing from the compact. The Go the effeflt of such a policy m impoverishing the people eminent, mere important perhaps to the world veroorsofallStatesshouHreceiveanordinanceandtils fromwfiWhtaxe*areeolleeted,andinenriching those exieteaceofalltheUnitedStates.Norinresistiiour columns prevent us from giving a more extended re- oatote Union, except thecauae justify teg the seceasion. OneaUmgofthequestion«ninsertingthewordsnon-of government we have established with them drovethemontorevolution. YetthisBritishpolicyhas Inseparatingfromthemweinvadenorights—nbeen fully realised towards the Southern States by the of theirs. We violate no Obligation or duty to tIarsaoidfhostilityonBOWfdtfjWBe NorthernStatestoDBFEK»E>iT. [FromtheSouthCm-oilman,Dec.31.1Yesterday the peace and ejutot of our e r ^ turbed bythe ringing of the city botfatodoftentherfcria*ofthepeople—thelandof sternest Boawn of them all, who,whoreceivethebenefitofthelrexpenditure. Toprevent intendtodepartfromHi©safeinstrumentalityaoin- SECESSION ACCOMPXI8BEO—BOTTB CABOLINA at* saoceesfuloverthrowofalegislativefraudandthe evite of such a policy was one of the motives whichalavehotdmg before slavehojding, Mr. Durgnn n id thatof the Ordnance and of the cause justifying not only taxed for the benefit of the Northern constitution of the United States with them; a.- »-***-- -1* -~j••• 11IIIMIBWOUIOO-OpCTaiHOIl l.theifreemen.at heam^BhisNorthern States. The people of theSouthernStatesare separate, independent States in convention,wesecemion of South Carolina should be sent States, but after the taxes are collected three- narateindependentStates,eachStateactingmrI, Rhode Islsasd, New York, Pennsylva- arttltory. Every one knew at once what _, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and tea fewmoment*thestreetswerefilled enacted tows which either nullify the acts of and obiMreo: all wearing tbe took ef pior reader useless any attempt to execute them. Each looked the other in the face, aad States the fugitive Is discharged from pathy in a common patriotic ranee wreathedfourths of them are expended at the North. tlw Governors of all the Stales, add copiea of This anase* frith others connected with the operation of the addreta to the people of South Carolina should be sent the general government, has provincialised the cities ot totMtib^tWVstaveholdingSUteaonly. Beaaked, thoSooth. Their growth is paralysed, whilst they are ' i«.l!!?»»!.^W1»Bd» France and all aorereign Pow- mere suburbs of Northern cities. The baste of tho foreign 5^&HI. wfrf) k t e ] y m a j ^ ^ ^ t h ^ commerce of the United States are the agricultural pro- ductions of the South; yet Southern cities do not carry itadopted it. South Carolina, acting te her sofire city, now thinks proper to secede from thedid not part with her sovereignty in adopting tution. The last thing a State can be r*«ejnB* surrendered Isher sovereignty. Her sovereigni life. Nothing but a clear, express grant can al iwarence shook! be dumte ret it is not atthe brightest eafenders of State , _ ^sympathy te thto h o v of common trial_ I, and there is nothing inconsistent with on. Our foreign trade is almost annihilated. In 1740 that those Who have construed away all the nthCarolinainsodoing,moreorless, therewerefiveshipyardsinSouthCarolinatobuild ofthec*ttStftntionshouldafajbbyconstruction ships to carry on our direct trade with Europe. Between annihilation of the sovereignty of the StatesI t h o for the rendition of fugitive loofcto She was our dear mother, and. under herBidit. ForbidittopeopleofaDNorthernaadFestera UeorgL. l i i l f h | UI)lliVlBOaaifl III aopsraltotet* been trampled under foot, by ^ftnd*!?" TM — " ^Untitled Documentr swim, HTOor^to, sarvtve or pert_*; »_he part'of"Mto*Ur•till te rhaann aha will never submit to tt* sippitochosen,atewBl^eacaBtta^n ^ff^S--4andpolicfofthte W-^fP^^hadratherae* thetostofber ^ ' ^ ' •^gsS^hildren la one e»m»amfua*aajm, taoa aea « y » ^ ; eetod to the degradatioa ef etril, political and S.OM*eaamUtv W8h the aegro race.BBEtrOEBE OT TEE IBOlfiLtTCBS^labor and capital are identified In interest, and capita irro- therefore,protectalabor,bywhichourpopolationdoubles restodon every twenty sears; by which starvation to unknown, ield to faith that andabundancecrowns theland;by whichordertopre- servedbyaaunpaidpolice,and.themostfertileregions oftheworld wheretheCaucasiancannot laborare brought into usefulness by tho labor of the African, and thewholeworldisblessedbyourown productions. All we demand of other peoples is to be let alone to work outwouldbeobserved. The Southern government,havethegreatmeasureoffloBveraue*mmrelieffn prinetptooaad pottryof todftewadtestherein]hope and trust I am in possession of information whichinducesmetobelievethat,perhaps,theremaybenoap-peal to force on the part of the federal authority, dad"areabsolvedfromallallegiancetotheBritishcrown, allowmefurthertosaytoyou,thatIfIammistakenla ret,deniedtous,mrtitherbrokenfaithandhapudeat andthatallpoliticalconnection between them andthe this,that,attoast,sofarsoIamconcerned,weore pre- threatsbadbecome almost inanflerahto before thetawparedtomeetanyandeveryissue.A Votes—Three cheers for the man insensible to fear.restore the government of the United States. All con-fidence in the North to lost in the South. The faithless- all its departments—legislative, executive and judicial. that we will prove to the world that we are not only freebnalwrongs nessofhalfacenturyhasopenedagulfofseparationbe- Forpurposesofdefence,theyunitedtheirarmsand andindependent,butthatweareentitledtobesofromdeemed sound, to the Sooth, oe the stovery quest**, aad none of them suited ear ettra men. And yet tbe North re'eeted them oil, aadtheirunited voice, bothbefore aadeteec their overwhelming triumph tn Otis election, has been more defiant aad more intolerant than ever before They bare demanded,aad now d.aaand, igiiaWJlBTiiiat. the white and negro races, under our cuastitadaoo; oaaaii ty te representation, equality te the right of sad?age, (quality te tbe honors and emoluments o f office, equality to the social circle, equality in the rights of matrimony •Upcryhasbeen,andnowis'thatstoverymustcease,the delegates from New England who proposed to the Conventionwhichframedtheconstitution,tothedele- gates from South Carolina and Georgia, that ifand right which to not, by this confederation, expressly iK«session of the federal government. It to our duty delegatedtotheUnitedStatesinCongressassembled. to sustain that Convention by showing that weor andcomplicatedrelationswiththewholeworld.Herpo- totallyalteredtherelationsbetweentheNorthernand In1787,DeputieswereappointedbytheStatestore- fougbt—the battle of Fort Moultrie'before South licy Uwards her North American colonies w;i to identify Southern States since the Union was established. vise the articles of confederation, and on 17th Septem- Carolina was an independent State. She fought ttleague known as the articles of confederation, whereby they agreed to entrust the administration of their external relations to a common agent, known as the Congress of the United States, expressly declaring, in the first article, "that each State retains its sovereignty,me to say to you that the Convention which to now ait- ting te this city, in all human probability, will send the ordinance to Washington which proclaimed you to be, as you have a right to be, a free and independent republic. (Greatcheering). And that they will not present the issue until the Commissioners from that convention pre-y. It is no longer a free Goveru- the States but one. The idea, that they would be made It is, infact, suchagovernment to pay that tribute to their Northern confederates, whichthey had refused to pay to Great Britain; or that thethe South, never crossed their imaginations. The Union sovereign and independent States; that he treats with them as of the country may be preserved; but if it be necessary thev have proclaimed freedom to the slave, hot eternalmttthefederalconstitutionasthebasisforaprovisional Therevolution'ef1 • turnedupononegreatprinciple, oftheconstitutionwasaunion of slaveholding States. such;andforhimself,hisheirsandsuccessors,relinquishes tovindicatetheindependenceofmycountry, thesitua- degraria:ionforyouaadforus. Norevolution wasevergovernment for such States as shall hare withdrawn from the consectioti with the government^ the United States of North America.Third, that said commissioners be authorisedto invite seceding States to meet in convention at such a time and place as may be agreed upon, for the purpose of forming a permanent government for these States.The PnHiiBt read the following communication: CiURuarros, Dec. SjypftDself governmeatJgj^pHi taxation, the criterion of self interests of two people united vernment are different, each must rotect its interests by the organization or they cannot be free. The interests and of the colonics were different and an- Great Britain was desirous of carrying out the policy of all nations towards their colonies, of making them tributary to their wealth and power. She had vastall claims to the government, oropiiety and territorial rights tion which you have placed me in, 1 vow to her all the It rests on slavery, by prescribing a representation in of the same and every part thereof. power I have shall be averted to man.i 'in to the last ex-Congress, for three-fifths of our slaves. There is noth- Thus was established the two great principles assert- tremity the independence of South Carolina. (Applause.) ing in the proceedings of the convention which framed ed by the colonies, namely, the right of a State to govern Allow me to say to j ou that there is nothing at present te the constitution to show that the Southern States would itself, and the right of a people to abolish a government the present issues to excite the slightest alarm. Be firm, have formed any other Union, and still less that they when it becomes destructive of the ends for which it be united, be cool, true to your country andithc cause is would have termed a Union with more powerful non- was instituted. And concurrent with the establishment safe. I beg you to remember that It is not the first time slaveholdingStates, having majority in both btsneaes of these principles was the fact, that each colony became in the history of South Carolina that she has stood atone. of the Legislature of the government. They were guilty and was recognised by the mother country as a free, Ou a memorable occasion—even before the Declara- of no such folly. Time and the progress of things have sovereign and independent State. tion Lof {Independence—we fought—andUtriumphantlymore complete, though bloodless, if yon Will tamely sub mit to tbe destruction of that coaatftution and that Union our fathers made. Our fathers mads this a go vernment for the white man, rejecting the negro as aa ignorant, inferior, barbarian race, incapable of sett*-go vernment, and not, therefore, entitledtohe associated with the white man on terms of civil, political or social equality. This new administratio.. cornea into power an der the solemn pledge to overturn and strike doom this greatfeatureofoarUnibn,withoutwhichttwouldnever have been formed, and to substitute fit fts stead their new•SaWWBBSSSM^^m^*-< iiii«!ip"ij,j|iBi[Li:p)ij.!,[.i|i..:..iijj,i^j,^^>n.)£!U/ui**!m-'. . '. •..we<Ki!^g*^pi|jBWiIbethemostindependent,as weare themostimportantamongst the nations of the world. United together, andwe require no other instrument to conquer peace thanour beneficent productions. United together, andwe existingbetweenthisStateandtheotherStatesofNorth* ing by some of the 6nt intellects of mustheftgreat,tne andprosperouspeople,whosere- Americatodissolved,andthattheStateofSouthCarolinaArticle I.—His Britannic Majesty acknowltdgei the said without an appeal to arms. (Cheers.) I sincerely desire, broken and overturned. The aew adm utatratioa, whichUnited States, viz: New Hampshire, Massachusetts Bay, as far as I am concerned, thai we shall triumphantlv go has effected this revolution, only awaits the 4th of MarchRhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New through this great controversy without an appeal to arms for the inauguration of the aew government, the new York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania. Delaware, Maryland, Vir-to set over ourfathers,and tost itution of African slaver), would be made the grandfeated by a seven rears' Strug- basis of a sectional organisation of the North to rule ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia, to be free or without th issue ef blood. I hope and trust the peace principles, and the new policy, upon the success of whichsmnrr STATE or Sunn CaaoaMiflV-1 have this moment been mfmned that them with her in ad those oomplkated relations, and to That identity of feelings, interests and iastitu ber, 1787, these Deputies recommended for the adoption upon her own resources and her own responsibilltie, and. theory of the universal equality of the btook and wt.te~ this had a vast publicdebt;shehadaEuropeanpolicyand! andcommercial States—betweenStatesholdingandnoa-Thepartiestowhom thisconstitutionwaasubmitted, ment wascalled upon,and theymalethemostgallant,been and commercial, sacrificed by such a policy. Their in- the Union which once existed no longer exists. We but idor terests required that they should not be identified with imitate the policy of our fathers in dissolving a union rper- the burdens and wars of the mother country. They had with uon-slaveholding confederates, and seeking ft con-the pretension. They refused to be a part of the con Used with impunity, seems to be the natural order that the gallant little State of Florida solidated government of Great Britain. of tilings. The fairest portions of the world , your lead. On motion of bar Con- The Southern States now gt*pd exactly in the same have been turned into wildernesses, and the most rida will, as certain as anything in the position toward;* the Northern States that our civilised and prosperous communities have been . wheel into line with the gallant old Pal- ancestors In the colonies did towards Great Britain. The impoverished and ruined by anti-slavery Jhaati- ie are identifled with the same interests, Northern States, having the majority in Congress, claim clsm. The people of the North have not left us tonation.By this constitution, certain duties were charged onthe whole ground. Permit me to assure you,powers not delegated to the United States by the consti- British Parliament. '-The general welfare'" IK the only in the tote Presidential election, they have elected ma the tution, nor prohibited by It to the States, are reserved to it common destiny must become limit to the legislation of either: and the majority in exponent of their policy one who has openly declared that the States respectively,"or to the people. On 23d May, that urgent official duty, which I Congress, as in the British Parliament, are the sole judges all the States of the United States must be made free 1788, South Carolina by a convention of her people, passed an ordinance assenting to this constitution, and afterwards alteredherown constitution,toconformher-t>pdetermination not to submit to black the tame power of omnipotence in legislation as the; doubt as to their designs and policy. United as a sectionthe several States, and the exercise of certain of theirpowers restrained, which necessarily implied their con-tinued existence as sovereign States. But, to remove all support. There she Stands on toe defensive, with not adoubt, an amendment was added, which declared that thefeather quivering. Batoe the Palmetto flag as an em- blem—not only as an emblem of nationnhtv. but as an emblem or independence. Whenever that waves, let it be known that tt waves over a free and independent people. (Great cheering and music by the band.)latenessofthehourandtheextraordinarypressureuponJttoetoMessrs.Madtoon,of the States, port. son, who immortaliied hclaimed,andinnoneof themhasthe te smiles aad kindled the same fire of enthuetoem. Ail shall Mississippi follow tn.the footsteps oftod byherfafiaat Troupjorto itcomplied withthestipulationmadein felt that the Union, in which we had nothing but danger Bte State of New Jersey, at au and disquietude to expect, was broken, and that hence- forth South Carolina was the only Power they Bad toihherconstitutionalundertaking; allfeltthatnopropositiontorefuseusptodOBttea anti-atovery feeling has led her more.iseW- -' MBErti5^>«}'e metarteeftHassre.asa aatin Ueorgtaa,,^.too,toexpresstovoufuBvi viewswaiebprevailtnmyadopted*totemrelattoa!^ ^ ^ iad^tom*^?con^'TSt^'^afiirWtA* tot^fttTiBrirMiuai^BBatoaM'^aat^^MoafttJawwIldja *Jptw|SBh B H A afftl CaTaTSQ aaawBe 0*MBEBBwl*-Bft^V",0f*«he>«0ver>BET WBawBBBm •BBEtOW«we»T^ ^ " - StBteth^ everhewithourbelovedi aorofMtoatotlppltotheGovernorofad°teQteir ugnslbAppy «tytoa! MI8SI88IPPI AND GEORGU.bitterlytoavotosutenit the foflowtog report- ^waer^^pa^of^cjj?^!^^•Eft? 1 hos- r*<igBtMtmtrthecoifiHutkEtwUlthaB aoBsstolitep she Mewavmi** oft c>tTftthwff mil* IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 