 rT>ye* r. in SOL cei ? of*F letby*vt> rth on- not ; h s ensJMines: VII.Cost unsettled.A weekly Mail from Independence o r Kan-and fifty miles away from New-York. Whether Mr. Pilsbury adheres t o his resignation, o r finally concludestoabandonhispointofhonorandstayin the place, these things ought to be put on a different footing.In these remarks we do not mean to condemn the course of the Conimissioners in appointing him. No doubt they did t h e best they could under the circumstances. T h e Police was in a bad con- dition, and the man to extricate it and bring it into order must be had. But now-that a considerable improvement has been accomplished, this abnormal relation should be brought t o a close. Besides, it is bynomeanscertainthatinthis great citythereis no other man beside Mr. Pilsbury who is capableof diecharging the duties of this most important of- fice with benefit to the public and honor to himself.In a speech to the cartmen the ether evening, the Hon. Fernando Wood alluded modestly to his own career a s illustrating the fact that every poor boy,whowill,mayrisetowealthanddistinction.is all right, and w e do not wish to say a wordagainstit. ButbeforeMr.Woodmakes manymorespeechesofthatsort,wouldit,notbewellforhimtosoftiethefamous lawsuitwithhis formerpartner, Mr. Marvin ? The case, it will be remem-bered,wasgivenagainstMr.Woodbythe-refereeson grounds of a very serious character; and yet forces are to scour the plains in the regions of the hos-vention.BOSTON, Friday. March 2, 1860. The Republican Convention of the Vlth District. Salem,to-dayelectedJ.B.F.Osgood-ofSalemana Timothy Davisof Gloucester, Delegatesto the Chicago Convention, and R. V. Walks and Benjamm Edwards,substitutes.Thaddeus Hyatt, accompanied by Judge Amy, leavefor Washington to-morrow, to appear before the Senate's Brown Raid Committee..•"•The Maryland legislature.> BALTIMORE, Friday, March 2, 1860.. The Mary Legislature, iu Joint Committee of both Houses, reported to-day ia favor of the impeachmentof Judge Stump. '<»The Wisconsin Slave Case.it. Not that the treaty gives us territory at once an d directly, but simply because it Bquints- that way. ' i f anewtreaty,ofstraightforward'stipulations,giviag us unincumbered commercial advantages, and ch jar grantsof^and,couldbe made,wemightwellb.old a complacent attitude in view of its ratificat ion,wo.uld n o t elect him t o a n y office whatever. H«> re garded this, as a .tribute to the high judicial qualU ti* es of his mind..TheExecutiveCouncilare consideringthecon- ventional line of boundary agreed upon between, thecounselfor Massachusetts andRhode Island.Bristol County is stirred to a. remonstrating pitch.xwould accommodate the One Hundred Thousand I People who will be in the Rocky Mountain GoldIRegion next Summer, the Fifty Thousand in Utah, and the equal number now o r Boon t o be in Carson Valley, more fully than a n y other y e t proposed, while it would be a great advance on any Other plan* yet devised for California and Oregonl'TBUE POX.ICK.A difficulty has arisen between the Bosrd ofPolice Commissioners and the General Superinten-dent The point a t issue is the detailing of individ-ual men from the regular service o f t h e police t ospecial duty, such, for instance, a s attending a t theCourts. We do not know how many men are thusnew cotemporary to the usefulness, and,' we trust, to all the honorable rewards of journaliam.THE. LATEST NEWS,RECEIVED B YMAGJfETIC TELEGRAPH,From Washington.that the crew numbered 7.4.No passenger Hst has yet been found.The rumored finding of the-clearance-of the steameris untrue. The only passengers yet known-to have .been on board the ill-fated vessel are Wm. Boulten- bouse of Sackville, N. B., and Dr. Barritt of New-extending to the smaller towns, and work whichris sent out frequently comes baok by the express which carrie* it. T h e time is approaching when-- a con- sultation must be had, and- a spirit of mutual accommodation must prevail* Neither- party can afford to let the present state of. affairs continue. Perhaps t h e manufacturers a n dities. H e was fortunate in the one-hourYale, which route within a year after it was established, and it enabled him to avoid such an embarrassing branch would be easy to reduce the through feme to fifteen of his subject Having satisfied himself that, in the days after the second year, should that be deemed first place, Slavery is right everywhere; second, advisable. Finally, the arrangement we propose- —With the new journal, we'shall have three morn-ing papers, conducted by gentlemen trained in the stiff/that it is peculiarly right in the South;, and, third, •$aat emancipation would be- a fatal thing for both races; he proceedsfcoshow, or to say, for his speech hardly amounts to a demonstration, that Slavery is an excellent thing forthe planters aod for the non- alaveholding whites. H e gives a glowing picture o f the prosperity and independence of the non-slave- holding farmers of the South. According t o bis ac- count, they are about the only genuine free laborers in the world, and the soil they cultivate the oiJyfree soil in the country. A s this is a question of fact and observation, we shall only say that impar- tial travelers in the Slaveholding States do not, a s a general thing, arrive a t the same conclusion with Mr.Lamar. Pethape they are wrong, and he is right. Thesand-hillerandmeanwhitemsnis-of araceof which we seldom see specimens at the North; and we confess we were not favorably impressed with the sample lately sent to 'us in Mr. James Pinckney Hambkton. W e would not, however, judge pre-22 bills paused.The bill granting a pension of fifty dollars a monthto Mrs. Anne M . Smith, widow ox Gen. Persifor P . Smith, coming up, Mr. IVERSON (Dem., Ga.) said he was opposed to the piihciple involved in the bill, bub would movo an amendment grunting the same amount to the widow of Gen*Macomb.Mr. SEWARD (Rep., N. Y.,) moved an amendment to include Mrs. Riley, \vidow of Gen.. Riley.Alter considerable debate, Mi*. Seward's amend- ment was agreed to, when the subject was post- poned.The Senate went into Executive Session. Adjourned till Monday>HOUSE OF- REPRESENTATIVES. WASHINGTON, Friday, March 2, 1860.Mr. ADRAIN (A. !». Dem., N. J.) oiibred a propo- sition, to be read simply for information. I t was in the character of a reply,to the. resolution heretoforedetailed,butthenumbercannotbeverylarge. As Thetroopswillstartwith the first grass onthe Committeetomakearrangementsfortheinauguration the questionfeanbeunderstood-without an*inter-the labor of a detailed man is all performed in the of the equestrian statue of Washington and the Presi- wreck. „ .. change of opinion. I suppose that Lynn is-cursedtion is desirable; and it is usually given as a reward cipitately. W e shall be glad to learn more of this for good conduct When Mr. Pilsbury took office,Brigham Young in order, consisting of six compa- niesofInfantry,fourofCavalry,and twoofAr- tillery.A BREACH O F PROMISE.The President promised Mr. Witte the influenceof the Administration t o secure him the nomination of Governor a t the Reading Convention, but aban- doned him a t the pinch for Mr. Foster, who has not been personally identified with his views. This de- sertion, with the overslaughing of Messrs.. Fry andstanding, and will be disposed to prevent a,settle- ment as long a s possible. These men, I dace say, have been o f some service t& t h e shoemakers, i u promoting a n d organizing the strike, and -are d e - serving of thanks; b u t they.should aot b>;allowed to stand in the way of any reasonable adjustment . which may be proposed.The Democratic newspapers are d.iligenlly trying -to turn the strike to political accousit, but I cannot learn that they are making.any headway. I.sup- pose they will try to persuade the shoemakers that theRepublican party isa low-wa/jes party. Buteven should they succeed in showing this, which i a . unlikely; I no not see by what procossof reasoning they will be able to convince thestj m en that it isthe Mexcan treaty is knocked'stifil But it does not their duty to vote with the party whiah -supports) the no-wages policy, and whose /leaders would r e -breed of noble men.Of the slave-owners, however, w e know a little.Mr. Lamar evidently thinks them the finest body of men in the world; finer even than the sand-hillers and clay-eaters. They are the m«nr.he says, to guide legislatures a n d command armies. From them came a Washington, a Jackson, a Taylor, a Scott, a Twiggs, a Quitman, a Davis, a Lee, a Ringgold, a Bragg, a Butler; a n d also, in another line, a Jefferson, a Madison, a Monroe, a Polk, a Lowndes, a Calhoun, a Clay, a Mason, a Marshall, and a Taney. These are good names, for the most part; but we suppose that n o t a quarter part of those who once bore them would read Mr. Lamar's speech with a n y other than emotions o f disgust. Mr. Jefferson has left upon record his opinion of tho effect of Slavery upon the morals a a d manners ofthe master; and we see it daily, confirmed by theaccounts which reach us of acts of violence andmeanness, from attacv on members of Congressthe power of making these details was given t o him, to be exercised, a s we believe, only with the appro- valofthePresidentoftheBoard,Mr.Sfcillman. Some four weeks ago a misunderstanding occurred with regard to the removal or transfer of the Cap- tain of one of the Precincts. The General Superin- tendent wished him to be transferred to another Precinct. T h e President declined t o consent. This led to a rather animated explanation, and not long afterward t h e Board determined t o withdraw from Mr. Pilsbury the right of making the details. Thereupon, it is understood, that he determined to resign; and we believe his resignation is now in the hands of a member of the Board, though not yet presented.It iB thus upon a matter of punctilio rather than of real importance that M r . Pilsbury throws up his commission. W e shall consider his retirement a s a misfortune, for he possesses some very valuable qualifications for the office. H e is a man of great energy, great force of will, and thorough honesty,The revenue cutter Daring is here taking.u» the maife-for words spoken in debate, down to Post-Officepilfering8 a n d petty larcenies. Until these things though hardly of sufficient breadth of intelligence,are corrected, w e shall beg leave to substitute, as the modern slaveholding ideal, Preston S. Brooks for George Washington, a n d Ilenry A. Edmundaon for Thomas Jefferson.CALIFORNIA 9KAXJLS.A t the risk of being deemed officious, w e ventureadministration the Police has been improved in count of deficiency prior to the 1st of July last, pass the Indian Appropriation bill to-morrow; besides, they are too scarce. The basis of a black popula- sixteen o r seventeen gentlemen desire t o make speech-character, and in efficiency; and it would be to about $2,500,000 of the $4,500,000 recently ap- es. H they intend to adjourn sine die by the firat Mon- tion of only 4,000,000 does not afford the means ofpost facto J.aw; but the Legislature could not see the point ve r y clearly,, o r they mad© up them minda , that if it w? ASliable to-that objection, the QOfigresa and the, Su .preme Court .would find it out... A * bill-Mail-routestoCalifornia, orwestwardfromthe valleysoftheMississippiandMissouri:I . T h e Pacific Steamship Mail,* semi-monthly, . from New-York and New-Orleans to San Francisco:cost $170,000 per annum.LT. The Butterfield Overland Mail, semi-weokly,from S t Louis and Memphis respectively to San Francisco:cost$600,000perannum.HI. A weekly Mail from S a n Antonio, Texas, connecting a t £1 Paso with the last named.IV. A weekly (but now run only bi-weekly) mail from S t Joseph, Mo., o r Leavenworth, Kansas, t o SaltLakeCity:cost(whenrunningfull time) $190,000 per annum.Y . A continuatioa of this mail in like time from Salt Lake City by Camp Floyd and Carson Valley to Placerville, California: cost (when run weekly)tors, under the l a w regulating those payments a t the discretion of the Postmaster-General. Con- tracts are now being made to replace those which were abandoned between the 1st of January and the passage of the appropriation bill, which were much more numerous than occurred between t h e adjournment of Congress and the 1st of January. As this service is of limited duration, irregular competition will be reduced as compared with or-Cxpire. Passed. A.largenumberofprivatebillswerereported. Adjourned till Monday.— o>Hon-Arrival ofthe Africa. SANDY HOOK, Friday, March 2—midnight.bemadeFreeStatesmorereadilynowthanbywaiting for theincreased development of theslave population. Therepealof the Missouri the Governor obeyed it, no question.c$uld Compromise having removed every implication of possil Ay arise, for nobody:,, however^anxious for a claimonthepartoftheSlaveStatestoSouthernterri- comn .fission, would belik*slytoraise a-.commo,tionor of sufficient tact atid mental cultivation, to makeHouse thinned out rapidly, Mr. Ford was declared eleoted*Mr. CLEMENS (Dem., Va.) moved that when thefor any large accession of Mexican territory at this Stone of Worcester. A great clamor has beenthe public advantage that he should remain in the place. B u t there is a fact in his tenure of office that will diminish our regret at his loss.propriated. T h e reason for not extinguishing all day in June, they should not neglect the transaction of rapid or-extensive colonization^ of slaves. A s aclaims is that one thousand of the, certificates of iudebtedness out of the three issued by the Depart-some $250,000 per annum. /VI. A Spur from No.^3 at or near the forks of should not at the same time, be the head ofa great cessful. In that event, he is said to be prepared toare David K. Carter, Thomas Spooner, H . C . Brad- beck, and V. B. Horton.of Texas. The apprehension of an ultimate biography of himself which:he furnished to Livings- result of this sort sets Texas againstthe new treaty. ton's Law Magazine som&years ago* actually statedthe Platte to Denver and the Rocky Mountain Gold emigrant hospital, and of a penitentiary a hundredenter into negotiations with the Government here, and to make a commercial treaty of the most liberal character, with a Convention providing for a joint Commissionto settletherespectiveclaimsefMex- ico and the United States.TIIE MEXICAN TREATY.If Mr. McLane had gone to the City of Mexicobefore concluding his negotiations with Juarez, all present difficulties might have been prevented. I n identifying himself exclusively with one faction, h e sacrificed the opportunity to acquire important and substantial benefits.NEW-YORK AND SAN FRANCISCO MAIL. Propositions have been informally submitted by theVanderbiltandAepinwallintereststoputonan additional mail via Panama, thus establishing a tri-Mr. Wigfall, the new Senator from that State, yoq it aa a matter of ,pride and satisfaction that for ^Delegates to the ..Chicago Con- will observe, has thus opened his batteries agauW fc yea,rs before he.was appointed Judge, tile peopls>sas City, Mo., to Santa Fe. Cost unknown to us. —Now what we propose is to substitute for allthese mails—which cost over $1,500,000 per annum —the following:L A Daily Mail b y six-mule wagons, a s a t pres- ent employed on the Salt Lake route, in twenty- days from S t . Joseph, Mo., o r Atchison, Kansas, via Denver and Salt Lake City (crossing the Rocky Mountains either by the Cherokee Trail, o r on the heads of the Arkansas, or at some intermediate point, thus traversing the Kansas Gold Region, a n d striking thence a s nearly direct a s possible t o Salt Lake City or Camp Floyd, and thence by Capt. Simpson's new route to Carson Valley, and thenceTaunton protests, because Fall River, by the an- provided we first had a Homestead bill. The nexation of Tiverton, isgoing to become too pow-to Placerville from Railroad the Pacific.a n d S a n Francisco in twenty days communication o n the Missouri t oby t h e United States authorities, a n d t h e _ ;— »questionSlavery question sooner than is now contemj >lated justment will fail, and that the suit will have to besettled by the Court after all.Ferham's great projects for cementing the UnionH. Weekly branches from this on horseback or in two-mule wagons to Denver to Santa Fe, and to Fort Laramie if deemed necessary.IH. A weekly two-horse or two-mule Mail from SanAntonio,Texas,byElPasoandArizonato SanDiego,.California.—TheseMailsoughtalltob«runforlessthan thecostofthepresentservice,whiletheywouldat leastdoublethepresentincome. Therearemore animals, more wagons, more men, employed in run- ning the present Mails than these would require. What is needed isto consobdate the present Bat- terfield and Salt Lake lines on equitable terms,, run the chief mail on one direct instead of two ^circui- tous routes, abolish the Franking Privilege, charge one cet*t each o n a l l newspapers carried from the Mississippi across the Rocky Mountains o r the Sac- ramento Valley furthef East than Salt Lake, with a fair charge on all printed matter, and let the ten cent charge for letters apply to all that shall be con- veyed across the Rocky Mountains o r more than two thousand miles on any other route. With these changes, and good efficient management,, our Pacific and Overland Mails could very soon be ren-Church Calamity." to regulate the width of cart-wheels,"' in thefe ) dered atlf-supporting, instead of lugging in the Treasury, as they now do, to the tune of One Mil-lid; Bradford L . Wales, of the Customhouse, the force upon them the ble* ^ings of laboring for their a a C H W r itb» ism, bes- yeiathe hia?dlrt&tin-t*> The^and ) are.lion Dollars per annum.We are confident that if a Semi-Weekly Mai1can be run in twenty days for $500,000 per annum, a Daily Mail can be run over the same route in likeTORONTO, C. W.., Thursday, March 1, #60. fight on shore as we'A as on seaboard, in case of neces- missing for the last,throe months.•i•&itous ones. Jfi would take one o r t w o months t o religious denominations; and its peculiar feature IB to P'-,sed of the New-York Senators, Mr. McLeod Mu> amounts to about $10,000 and the insurance to $5,500.It is announced that a new daily morning paper is about to be established in this city, with Mr. J . I t time for considerably less than O n e Million. A ll Spalding as its chief editor. Mr. Spalding is one of the'Gray, C. W., has been missing for the paBt twoj^ouths,. His friends aya much alariaed in consequence,:—• .1!he St. Louis Fire*ing wa<? from $15,000 to $20,01.0. Wm. Ross of H e lenft^Arlc., was burned to death.——: *•— !Fire i n H.oweU& Midi.of Free States stra^ .ght across the continent, on thesouthern lino of T^exas, w e should let in a n amaz-George W . Gill of Worcester, the IXth, and so on. 1 I have given only samples,': and some of these mea are only substitute*. But you can judge, of tbethat would be required would b e about double t h e ablest newspaper writers in the country, and for somefchows a moui^tainous country, and that, with the excep-ST- LOUIS, Thursday, March 1> 1860.ing flood of lif^ht on the Slavery question by the quality of the delegation by these. It & a. trading process. Suchf a cordon could n o t b e jumped b y delegation; and if there was any DennuKatic partyhero t o b e sold, i t would share tr,at fate a t t h e Slavery, and '.Lower Mexico might then fester and hands of these men. I have no i'iea that any con-putrefy a t leisure, with comparatively small dan- siderable number of them intend that Douglas shall ger of spr wading her contaminations upon us. A s be nominated.things m ,uaU£ Ugatured pu to our .Southern extwuxity, to. no. the ultras a n d radicals will not be impaired. T h o change in th?, time of holding the National Conveu-tiou ia^.orally approved.•••rv„• BHaaaaiHThatMr. Wood has appealed to the Court of last resort, thereby repeating a n d continuing the open wrong he has done to his former too confiding friend. W e think he would stand much better in the public esti- mationifhewouldsettlethatsuit;andthenhe might deliver.moralizing speeches with less fear of excitiDg unpleasant reflections in the minds of his hearers.The African slave-trade is rapidly increasing' and most of the vessels engaged in it are said to sail from New-York. W e remember that when JOHN MCKEON was,U. S. District-Attorney, vigor- ous and persistent efforts were made here to put dewn t h e piratical traffic. B u t M r . Buchanan turned him out of office, for making a speech against Fernando Wood; and since then the slave- trade has flourished more than ever.TheordersoftheWarDepartmentforthoreliefofNew-Mexico and the* Texas frontier have just beencompleted, and will be at once forwarded to the properofficers. Theydirectthewithdrawaloftworegimentsfrom Utah as soon as the movement can be effected.ThefirstcolumnwillmarchbyBridger'sPass,andtaketheeasternfootoftheRockyMountains,intheadvance toward New-Mexico, near Fort Massachu-setts. TheothercolumnwillpursuetherouteoverwhichCol.LoringreturnedfromFortBridger.These RhodeIslandtotheFarmers'BankWi3consin>and ofa.porti&nofthecontinentto.hissubs iatenco.The bill,"andimmediatelysatdown. Barnes,whosatNEW^ORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, A8fflfcowheldinSlavery,arenot*ttiyBatrre*6n»of*Lakecontractorsontheonecentralrouteandits evangelicalstand-point Atthesametime,thecharac- America, but in thonaandaof oasee the blood of the few adjuncts; but, if directed by the 1st of June, ter of Mr. Spalding is-a guaranty that sectarian' nar- Anglo-Saxen runs in their vein* Mr. Lamar should ail may be effected and the new route in full opera- rowness and theological animosity will always be abandonhisargument,orhiapolicy.Lethimfrionbythe1stofSeptemberatfurthest. Thedi-avoided.Inpoliticsweinferthatthenewpaperwillbe decidedly Republican; and in regard to other mat- Tho Senate met a t «one o'clock. Several Executive" tained, beyond a doubt, that there are no awrvivorB of emancipate the mulattoes, the quadroons, and the rect route we Buggeet is better watered inthe main, cotnnmnioatioas were received.octoroons,andthengotoAfrica formore ofthe andmoreeasilysuppliedwithgrass,than theAri- ters,thatitmayjustlybedescribedasconservatively Variousreportswei-ereceivedfromtheCommittees^ thedisastertotheHungarian;progressive. But we maybe sure that it willbe whichwereof nogeneral interest. Only three bodies have beenfound—onethatofa originalbarbarianstock,andwewillgivehimcredit zonaroute. Itmightrequire tenwellsdug—cer- markedalikebyfranknessandbygenuiueconvictions; Mr.WILSON (Rep.T Mass.)introducedabillto woman,onethatofaman,supposedtobeafireman,forthepossessionofthelogicalfaculty,whichis tainlynottwenty—whichcouldbereadybythe1st thatitwillnotbeonbothsidesatonce;andthatit amendtheactprovidingforthoexecutionofthepub- andonethatofachildtwoyearsold.'not at present his strong point. of September, with hay cut and stacked for the will never mistake the absence of all character for Mr.Lamarassume*thattheexperimentofeman- Winter.Therewouldnotbenearlysomuchtrouble moderationoffeeling,oragilityinshiftingorincon- private,billswere.passed:cipation has failed wherever it baa been tried, with or danger from Indians as is now encountered. cealing its opinions for a sure way of gaining or keep- For-tho relief of John Ssott, P . W - Howe and Sanin<;I O , far east as Ragged Island. Holme; for tho.roliof of v\rnold Harris and Samuel T . Butter-thoughheprudentlyrefrainsfromgivinghisauthor- Finally,aTelegraphwouldbethroughonthis ingthepublicconfidence.worth; forthereliwfofRSehurdW.Mead;forthoreliofof Considerablegoodsaredriftedashoreatthemouth i>. D. Porter; for the relief t>f George- B-. Bacon; for the relief ofS. A. West; for the reliofof- Oeorgt) McCullougb; for tho relief of Shelbourne Harbor.of Hiram McCullough >,: for the rallef of Charles Pendergaat; for The country people generally are acting honestly. the relief of Aire. AiinSoott; for the relief of Mlefcmel Ntuih; forunanimity with which the women have joined In t h e strikeisoneofthemostembarrassingcircumstance* for the employers. For although, many men in the New-Hampshire and Essex towns a r e still willing to work and refuse to strike^ nearly all of the^ m a - chineworkisdoneinLynn,andifthewomenre- fuse to do it, it will be difficult for the employers totion of a fo*> localities, the whole region is eminentlynumber of stations—say one every fifteen miles— years gave great power and a high character to the unlit for oe copation or settlement. The work for next m The loss,by. the lire on Cherry street early this morn-running each mule-team one route per day in three leadiDg colnams of The Courier and Enquirer, of hours or less, including stopB to change. A far which he was the editor and principal contributor.Theseason wi Jl extend from Columbia River to the Rocky MountaiijB.-*»smaller force of superintendents, general and local, would be required for the one daily direct mail than are now required for two less frequent circu-name of bis new journal is not yet known to us; but we believe it is to be commenced about the 1st of May. The capital for ife> establishment, a very heavy sum, is furnished by wealthy members of various evangelicalBtand, and they would be made even Mr. Seward's speech, just, received here, seems worse render this hybrid treaty, we have no securttv calculated, by its moderation of tone, to please con- againF,t a peon Slavery being established and grad- servative meu; while the confidence felt in him byconcentrate the stock of the Butterfi>WUnd Sal*" ' • •'bethediso-osaiouofall question* fcooa religious %od Vhy in the chair, will meet on Wednesday next fax, The lire ia supposed tofc#,vobeen th> work of tin in-•Dawson, will render t h e Opposition,Pennsylvania comparatively easy. HOUSE PRINTER.triumph: i nWHAT TODO ABOUT MEXICO-.. Owa»B?ond»nco of The N. Y . Tribune.Mr. Ford was elected Printer on the eighteenthballot by two majority, thus terminating a contest Committee, &c. Mr. Adrain's preamble concludedWASHINGTON, March 1,.1860. It is a great gratification to be able to say thatwhich has provoked much comment through all its stages. Mr. Defrees is to superintend the execu- tion of the work. Various other beneficiaries, are named.DRY LEGISLATION.Both Houses were engaged on the private calen-dar, and, as usual, with a very limited attendance.with a resolution that the one presented by Mr. Carter was an unjustifiable .attack upon a Committee of theDuring most of the sitting the Senate was without Whole number Necessary to a choicea quorum, and, after the election of Printer, the Mr. Ford187,Glo8abronn9r..94jMr. Seaton DSlEemaindor scattering.72 orders to our naval and military commanders on the House by a vote of ueaj.-ly two to one. T h eagaintoasktheattentionofCongresstosomecon- Werefertothecomplicatedandimpropernature menthavenotbeenreturnedforexaminationand fromeerviceasamemberoftheCommitteeonRoads sitionoftheunpeopledterritoriesofMexico,by fogiessmelledinnovationinthis-measure,,..and,.the siderations touching this important subject. Let us of the arrangement by which his compensation settlement. The same Department has paid out, and Canals. He criticised, unfavorably, the construc- open and fair purchase, would be a wise measure. Senate 1 -ejected it, and went home swelling withfirst see where we now stand:Our Government is now supporting the followingis secured to him. The salary of the General including the drafts issued to-day, about $2,100,000 tion of the Standing Committees, and for his remarks They might, by being thrown opou to emigrant prido a7 jd congratulation that they had saved the he was called to order.from the Republican Bide.Superintendent is fixed by law at $3,000; on account of Post-Office service since the 1st of Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.); from the Committee on settlement on the principle of the Homestead bill, Constiti Ation from being broken into.very smallbutMr.PilsburywaBunwillingtoundertakethe dutiesforlessthan$10,000. Itisunderstoodthat the difference was made up to him by continuing to him a portion of his previous salary as Superintend-ent at Ward's Island, and another salary as Super- intendent of the Albany Penitentiary. A t least, such a statement was authoritatively put forth some timeagoinTheHerald,andhasneverbeencon- tradicted, as it ought to have been if it was not true. This, w e say, is a n improper arrangement, and it should be brought to an end.W e are not prepared t o say that $3,000 is a suf- ficientcompensationfortheGeneralSuperintend- ent, though we are sure that the right man ought to be had for much less than $10,000. But whatever the salary, there should be about itnothing clandes- tine. N o r should t h e General Superintendent b e burdened with any other absorbing duties. H eJuly. Thesedisbursementsdonotexhibitthe thoPo3t-.Office,reportedabillauthorizingpublishers sums paid by the 27,000 PosfrOffices to contrac- tp print on their papers the. dates when uubscriptionspieces.'Icannotseethevalidityoftheooastitutiemal objecti on, or hovAthe question of conatitutionsijity of tlie statute, could ever be raised^, ifdinary lettings, enhanced.a n dt h e costwHl beconsiderablysooner it can be »et on foot, the proper arrange tr ,e Justices of. the Caurt interfered to pnevent'the P assage of the law,, regardijtg. it as a dangerous mentsbeingfirstmade,thebetter. Kansasshow J»recedont. SogreatisthecontemptofthejudicialThe delegates atlarge at the Chicago Convention Mexican provinces would be from the free settlers of the Supreme Gourt of the United States, in &MIRAMON'SMiramon does n o t contemplate any protractedsiege operation before Vera Cruz, but expects to collect a sufficient force to strike a decisive blow a once, and return immediately to the capital, if suc-plainlyenoughwhatcan bedone when peoplear 1jaindforthepeoplethatitgenerallysupposesa maa that SALMON P . CHASE was their first choice for th e in earnest. T h e first drain % into these Northern in whomthe people-have confidence must-be neces- Presidency. sarily unfit for judicial station. Mr. Justice W ayne.PLAN O F OPERA TIONS.,monthly sea connection between New-York andSan Francisco. They are willing to take the post-age for compensation. TheDepartment has not testedastothepoweroftheState Court.yet fully considered the suggestion.To the Associated Prew.WASHINGTON, Friday, March 2, 18G0.by the eager and blatant admirers and defeat /e r g 0 f The Cincinnati St. Xavier Catholic the institution. When its- limits within ov j Qorx.together have all failed. The Pacific Railroadtile Indians, and where the mails have been obstructed m the Navajo country. They will then be poBted in strong detachments in New-Mexico. The troops now stationed there, when thus relieved by these forces, will march to the Texas frontier, and take a post in the regions where the greatest disturbances-from Indian hostilities exiut.In addition to these arrangements and- the ordering of a battery of light artillery from Fort Leavenworth to Foit Brown, aJU. the companies already on the fron tier will b e filled up with recruits. I t is supposed that Col- Lee; who will have the direction of the troops, has by this time arrived on the Rio Grande. "The new war-steamer Pocahontas at Norfolk ha& been ordered to the Gulf of Mexico under the command of C\unmander Hazard. H e r other officers use Lieutenants Morgan, Lowry and Kennonj Master Evans, a n d Purser H a r - wood. Tho steamer Baookl.^ n will soon return thither.The entire force of the !oome squadron will consist of twelve or thirteen vee'^ala, stoam and sail, carrying- over two hundred guue^ with crews thoroughly in- structed in their manag omeivt, and who have also been well drilled in the usg of all arms kno.wn to the mili-raising the denominations of other bank notes, includ- ing notes onjthe Farmers' Bank of Lexington t o 20s. Fifty-two arrests were made.The Mayoralty of Utlca*beside Jim Wilson, whispered to him : " What logger ho is held and the more ho iu • spread in a does that mean?" " I t means (replied Wilson)state of slavery, the. larger the area b , e wjjj[ COmpel that your bill is dead a s h—II; don't stir an inch i " to bis ultimate use. Every consider ation of a wise The question was put; not a single aye was heard, statesmanship, a s well as of hum anity, therefore but the conclave was torn by a yell of mays whichsity.The report received a t the State Department, datedNovember last, fvom the party surveying the boundaryline between th'a Cnited States and British Possessions,say the 49th parallel of latitude, as far as determined,John Shordau Hoga^ M. P. P., of the Comity of. oily and innocent A'^ican. If we could run a tier Vlth; Postmaster Watson of Lawrence, the Vilth;a itction on the bill.cendiary,••<-'., •_••?From Albany. F r o m .».**J««.«J»w•i The Committee on tho Now-1'orlc T ax Levy. com-. , and several adjoining Storoa and dwellings. The lossALBANY, Friday, March 2, ISbu. './lic printing.IMI h 91 11i•< 1iA 4 ! )\ l•III!11p I1f1I.1I a•VII I,;-!I651Ii:m •-. Ai.'ttflXXXVITH CONGRESS. FIBST SESSION.ofTheCmirierandEnquirer,namely,:Mr.Bennett tlanreliofofMrs.Junoftf.McCrnbb1;forthoreliefofLivingstoniThreestoresarehiredatBarriDgtontocollecttheofTheHerald,Mr.RaymondofTheN.Y.Times,Kinkttad&.Co.;/ortho-reliefofQeor/jeStoaley;.forthoroliofofpropertyia,whiehisofconsidarblevalue. Edward N. Kent; for the relief of Richard Cheney; for the re-and Mr. Spalding. W e shall cordially welcome our lief of S.Dcoisser and Sotm-Vilhurubiu, end' others, making in allTho ship's articles have been found, and show send out much work. Then,the strike is graduallySpecial Dispptch to The N. Y. Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Friday, Feb.Particular care will be taken of any bodies thatm^ybe found, and a record of the marks upomthem*will bekept. The bo<Jies will be buried ia separate grave* for of our pleasantest, and has been one of o u r most2,1860. REMOVAL O F TROOPS FROM UTAH.recovery by their friends.The mails are soaked into pulp-, but they will be-sentto Halifax by the revenue-cutter Daring.prosperous cities. There is no propriety, however, in the demand of the shoemakers-, that they shall dictate the terms of settlement, and that the em - ployers shall submit to every iota of their demands.The orders for removing the main body of troops-from Utah to the Texan and New-Mexican frontiers,to which I referred ten days ago, are prepared. presented by Mr.. Carter, which, latter charged the ng much interest and promptitude concerning the It is not to be presumed that the whole bearings ofplains,commandedbyGen.Johnston. Col.Charles dentandheadsofdepartments,withwantofattention day time, and he is able to go home to his family at F. Smith will command the force left to keep and hospitality to the New-York Seventh Regiment.BARRINSTON, Friday,March2—7p.m. .withhalfascoreofdemagogues,whoaremakinga Three trunks have been found, one belonging to good thing out of the continuance of the misunder-night, while the pay remains t h e same, t h e situa-Th!s allegation Mr. Adrain-'s preamble pronounced un- true.Mr.KELLOGG(Rep.,111.),remindedMr.Adrainthat Mr. Carter was not here, being called hence by sick- ness in his family. *VMr. ADRAIN said he did not intend to discuss the subject.Mr. KELLOGG.—But your paper reflects upon him.Mr. ADRAIN.—When. Mr. Carter offered his reso-lution, L a member of the Committee, was not here. for Halifax.The CLERK proceeded to read a letter from Col.Hickey, vindicating the Washington Military from a l lcensure, showing that the Seventh Regiment were in- FROM vited within the circle to witness tho inauguration;that quarters at the best hotels were provided free ofexpense for them ; that Mr. Keitt, Chiir-man of the Committee, made a patrioticspeech to them at t h e entertainment given a t Colum-bia Armory, and that Col. Lefferts had expressedregret a t t h e wholly unjust censures cast upon the5S"j,COLUMBUS, Thursday, March 1,1860. TheRepublican State Convention to-day resolved•, —« _Sr A,5 . - ' 8"t, general expectant, and D* ThebodyofDoaaldCampbelL,awell-knowxcitiaen ownsubsistence,instea,dofexactingthemeansofa W.OBnen, Custom-House officer, theIVth; B. tury sen-ice, in order that they m ay bo prepared to of Toronto, was found to-day in the bay. He has been lazy profusion from ihe blood and sinews of the" F,. Hallett, the Vth; Dr. George B.Loring,the' LOWELL, Mich, Friday,/Maroh2, 1860. A Urelast night destroyed.Jjohnson's dry goods store*mmMowed by % weltering procew, making, otrr aoaffc* era limits mwre raga© than the tailof Mat**'* Satan. J* S» F»FROM BOSTON.WxomOnrOwnCorreipondw*.BOSTON, March I ; I860.The excitement at-.Lynn hassubsided^ buta*• steps-have yet been taken toward a n adjustment o f The cargo and materials of the steamer are scattered the questions i n controversy between the-Tnanti- facturersandtheworkmen. Theenthusiasman4HALIFAX, Friday, March 2, I860.* An official letter from Mr. Townsend, agent of tho SENATE WASHINGTON,Maroh2,I860.• Governmentatthewreck,saysthatitianowascer-The private calendar was taken up. The followingTheLossoftheHungarian*alongtheshore,from'Tasket,aroundCapeSable,asYork. A box belonging to the latter has been found, other business men of Lynn are;more interested irrcontaining a daughter.numberof letters fromh is wifea n da settlement than t h e workmerf. A few weeks of uneasiness, tumult, a n d cessation o f work, will effect a permanent, and perhaps irreparable-injury, to the business prospects of Lynn, which is new one.Hon. Joseph Howe, Provincial:'Secretary, is exhibit-Margaret Robertson of Montreal; one to Robert Martia ofToronto, andonetoW.R.CrockerofNorwich, Connecticut.Nothing further has transpired ia- regard to-identify- ing passengers.No more bodies have been found-.WASHINGTON,follow, that this is an end of the business. The way is duce the laboring man tbroughou t the.- country t o House, as well as. upon the President and Heads of open/for the acquisition of Mexicoin the same man- the condition of the slave oa the Southern planta-Departments, and .was brought forward for the pur- pose of making a little political capital for himself.Here the matter ended.Tho House passed the bill making appropriations for can^yirjg into effecttbe treaty and stipulations with the Indians of Washington and Oregon Territories.The House proceeded to vote for Printer:tion. Some speeches, showing .the present aspect* of the free land question,, ia rt Nation, to politics, would counteract the contonopia^ed' mischief.$1,000,000. A . bill bas'been, passed legalizbg.the he will.. T h e Southern slave interest is not ready proceedings ir 1 insolvency in the caae of Hency D .THE POST-OFFICE DEFICIENCY. House adjourn it adjourn till. Monday.the best possible Chief of Police. Under his The Post-Office Department has paid out, on ac- Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.) hoped not. They could moment.. The price of negroes is too high, and made against it, on the ground that it was an exner inwhich Texas was obtained—byjoint resolution.But this plan will net work till Congress is differ-ently constituted from what it is now . M r.Buchanan may take the responsibility of involving but it has enough to last three or four weeks tho country in hostilities with Mexico, through his longer. Charlestown armoscation has been killed in,9-. the frontiers and ia the Gulf, but we hardly thinkbank capital o f the Stat&has been increased aboutthe public business.Mr. CLEMENS'S motion w a s agreed to b y 27 means of cramping the operations of the Slavery passed th< e House authorizing th e people of: themajority. Extension party, we feel quite sure that the acqui- towns t o i iesignate,.in town meetings, who.should Mr. MORRIS (Dem., IU.),. asked and was excused be appoic ited Trial JLustipes by the Goverooc.. T h eThere iare as yet no signs of the steamship Africa, nowtory, it is for the opponents of Slavery to make thebeca' usehe had not received one. If hedMnot obey it, b u t appointed some person who bad not beei i designated by vote, the Supreme Court -mightmost of it. Emigrant Aid Societies ought t o be com-dueoffthispoint,,withLiverpooldatesofthe18thult. petent,actinginconcurrencewiththenaturalflood susfjaintheappointment,butTdonotseebutthe*Wind.north, and blowing lightly. Weather hazyoff of foreign population upon our shores, to secure all bor teral validity, and usefulness of. tile kvor.-would shore. Northern Mexico to Freedom. T h e measure must be maintained, a t least while well-disposed .Gover-TBie Oliio Republican State be undertaken sooner or later, and probably the nc ,rs continued, to be elected. I presumasome ofConvention.Slavery Extensjjon party should be met by going 1erful for Taunton's interest and peaceof mind;Seekonk protests because she is set off to RhodeIsland; Swanzey does n o t want h e r territory d i -vided and a pertion of it attached to Warren; A t- andthusoverslaughSlavery therein. Mexicois fallii «, tleboro' affects to be afraid lest her people willahead rather than by holding back. Let us ha re th« 3 vacant territory south of us, andfiH it with coh jniatf jtopieceB,andweshallsoonhaveanopportune&yto obtain the fragments we need on our own ten -Q8,be seized and imprisoned when they, according to immemorial custom, pass through Seekonk to tha clam-ba'nksofNarragansett Bay;RehobothhasaShould a writ of habeas corpus issue by the Supreme of being frittered away on, comparatively u QJJJX- transferred to Rhode Island. Only Fall River Court of the State, as before,, tho writ will be resisted portant qusstions, we could probably ead the seems satisfied.. It is my impression that the ad-ifMILWAUKEE,Friday,March2,1860.United States Marshal in the Glover rescue case. port of paupers, which she does not wish to haveIfthehostilitytothespreadofSlaveryintheNc ,rthSherman M. Booih was yesterday rearrested by the were energetically thrown into this channel, insi ^^d. standing controversy with Seekonk, as to the sup»-nothing,Church accident yesterday will return a verdict to-day. diemal blackness slough, off. This is wher b w e a r e Thinking that the roads would bo benefited by thefederacy shall once be fijed, there will beTheCoroner'sJuryontheSt.Xavier Catholic moretobedonebutto-letitsuffocate, andthe Mr. BarnesrepresentedthetownofBarnstead.CINCINNATI, Friday, March 2,1860.bill shared the same fate as Isaac O. Barnes's bill Legislature of New-Hampshire many years ago.A subscription has been started to aid the families of coming,to. at last, and the smaller the are? A tn a t ]mA thelaborerswhowerekilled. Over$5,000iaalreadyestablishment of a broad and uniform gauge for cart-wheels,*heintroduced'abillprovidingthatthe wheelsshouldnotbelessthanfiveinchesinwidth. WhenFranklinPierce,whowasintheohair,putsubscribed, and a meeting will be held,on 'Change to- dayforthepurposeofincreasingtheamount. £OnWednesdayadescentwasmadeonagangof counterfeiters at Lexington, M o. who . were caught intheactofaltering.billsontheFarmers'Bankofto be surrendered to the-blacks under thisthe,bettor. Theorighaal cnix&dofbroperation, ingmgtheEthiopian- here and holding him in bond tage> works the question on the third reading, a member rose,thisinevitableretributionofcompelling a surrender andsaid: "Mr.Speaker,Iseemonarchyin thatUTICA, Friday, March 2; I860.Calvin Hall has been nominated as the Republican demands active effort in thedirectif m" indicated. I t Coos. The Pacific Railroad bill received preciselymight have been heard in the upper part of Upper candidate, and Dewitt C. Grove as the Democratic is of no use to snivel or grumbh 3o v o r the opera- the same number of votes as the cart-wheel statute.candidate for Mayor of this city.The Maine Legislature.PORTLAND, Me., Friday, March 2, 1860.• About 300members of the Maine Legislature weretions, of the slaveholders. They will do their bestto carry out their plans. The c /nly wise coursefor report from a Committee.their opponents is to carry 0 at theirs by efficient The Democratic delegates to Charleston are allelected. Mr. Whitney, the new Collector; heads on a visit here yesterday.,to whom a grand banquet and steady action. It is not ,enough for them to tho list, and will be the most influential member,and ball was given last night. Tho demonstration con- act on the defensive. They ny iust forge ahead under though Gen. Cushing is, of course, the ablest andtemplates the removal of tho seat of Government from Augusta to Portland.The steamship AnglcevSaxon will sail from this port on Sunday morning, the 4 th inBt., for Liverpool, via Queenatown.most noted man. Gen. Butler represents the VIHth District; Live-Oak Swift and Moses Bates, late P . M. and Collector of Plymouth, the 1st; Pea- nut Leland, also, I believe, of the Customs Depart-a heavy pressure of steam.civilization, if directed indo the busmess for the wh< v ie soulless parrot crowdof scourgingoppressorsc;fthepoorandlowly,and ment andA.M.Ide,Postmaster of Taunton,theFreedom and modern t h e right channels, willThe Legislature is fafi'j.disnosing of. its business,The Excursion project did not even get a favorable . . • • • . . . . . ^ . W . . . •- •wri«fl!«j|g^Untitled Document^WJMa^^^*t^wwu^r.J',-..:.,.-.'W|y^'-y^,^- •"."jj'aWMWgThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkt^mpyi0im>miim^'tx^tfi-i'''-^y*~5s jffiffiji^^^ywyy www.fultonhistory.com13069.... ..!. L....... , .-. ;..... ..w.y.>.'s.^.J_-.j.... .... : -T :^l.,'i.v..^VvT7 ^V7^—'mmmm 