 H o n .J, Ac*. 13,186ft. •ed-and-four ia therenMoCl»rty.r> Aug. n 18G&. »wn T»-ithn iVaifrjn*acted in his offi.« Central Railroadres*.Aug. 13, i860.a^t 3 o'clock tUa to the I ** ina^:<> Ang- 1. I860. B•ntlaa.Vrom Havana—Mexican News. NKW-ORCEAKS, Monday, Aug. 13,1860.•The steamer Bienville, from Havaxa on ihe 8th inst, has arrived.fih* reports having experienced a terrific hurricane on the gulf, and was compelled to lay to for 48 hrare.The City of Havana wa-* healthy.Sugar was buoyant at 8£&8£ real*.7&e stock of sogar at Havana and Malanzaswas$904)00 boxesXolaseee was quiet.The steamer Clyde had arrived at Havana fromTtra Cruz on the 2d inst.Jlin.mon'8 army bad been routed by the'Liberalswhile attempting to escape from L'gos.At the latest accounts Miramon was at Laon/sur- jouod<<d by the Liberal*.Bibles had abandoned Jalapa.The principal towns in the Valley of Maxico hadji*«a and pronounced for the Liberals.The Spanish Minister threatened the bombardmentOfVera Cruz.Troubles with tlie Indiana.1NDKPK.VDE.NCK, Mooday, Aug. 13. 1860. The Santa F6 mail arrived here today. By it we 5mve information that the troops at Ha^cWs Ranche, nnder command of Lien'. Frank, bad. a skirmish with 7b Comanche Indians who were on a stealing expedi- **on' J^l*^ ft°f **w l ^ i a o * were killed and sev«ral wounded. Shortly after this a number of horses were driven off, and other depredations committed. It was deestedpredentunderthecircumstancestosendara- erf»rceo.ent tn Ratcbii's Bancbe, and another engaga-joett. in Boon looked for.Ihe command of iff*jor Kufuson. the Pecos, it is said,haebad a batt'e with tae Comancbee, bnt with wha'.jestlt is not known.Everything indicates a general Indian war.The Indians are becoming so bold as to attack the trair-s.MIDDLE BURYC O M M E N C E M E N T .utt., aor h*. tb«r»organization was effected it wou'd be called thegave great dissatisfaction to his party, and a movement the Champion/ Messrs. Macdonald and Caalck the inaugurative fistic tournament of & series which arer"Mr rMBMt at 2$o. fW • to© i-thorn* I*%x& • Pork, wad Bacoa>-•. m sm»U tote. ' ~?iagfrosa»hlpby number of "-n*aod this tnornmgfor 6,000 in treasure, >rk. Among her pdtheBishopofI ii-4 dates of the o the 30th. &h, as telegraphed onatfence is nowle express, ommutee, as ap- > Convention, met •t alt., and after a dVavored to avoid as S'-a*e Conveo- mlTicket, itwu lionsiv. Fia illy, ttee declared for >juglaa.nvention to nomi- th of Sep ernlw, on to nominate a' the same month. rat patronage and xstrength on t h e ' m-niitee has pub- . f the State. One nominated and is >era of the party, ikinridge or Don.e Baltimore Con-the party which.on meeting -was voning. It was neetiog, and the •rs as 11 be ableDemocrats are iid they feel oon- .)o-aocracy with tn, hosvever, are ir complete and >acking up giveDemocratic pa- office in the Sin tiag Douglas in"Wide-Awakes,"asnoothernamewould/createforhieoverthrow,attheheadofwhichwasthenewatonceto'commemoratethecombatsandfill,thepurseofficiated Ii*thecapacityofseconds;onthr Spanish Minister, Pacbeco, was much talked of. One part of Ottignon, Messrs. Ed. Price, and AaronMotion. tb«, «£«£greater enthusiasm. In the City of Albany the Wide- of the Cuevas is mentioned as his probable successor, of the stalwart Son of Beneeia, the Pagili-<tic Cham-Awakes numbered two thousand, and in.other cities pion of.the World, Mr. John C. Heenau. The tourney Jones presented themselves.' The colors of Heenaa the numbers were still greater. He bad nn ier lm com- should Pacheco succeed. The more moderate men,mand a hundred and fifty men who would exonerate however, of all parties, were talking of the return of of mailed knights, the resistless rush- of steel-clad and'Sayers were tied to the proper posts, and girde*t°or at the next knows' to "beOo-Committal. >eli and Everett toral ticket,sco t*»is morningSt. Looia on the^8 wagons and •son V alley from rsi, and escaped md of Saints andDday for Hong jfeer, and $41„00u Australia, with•econd cabin tick- - rere as follows:losing fight. The odds are too much for him. They h»ppy. The great Commoner's fame Wis evidently manent organization, &c.,-adjourned.have been increased to such an extent a s to render pro- duction unprofitable aud the necessaries of life exceed- ingly deal-. •are tolerated, nay, demanded, before the brazen apparel of the mediaeval knight is fitted to the needs of the now-a-days Pickens-County an. If the greaves a e found too ample for the Soath Carolina shrunk shank, 8tuffii g with cotton is permitted; if ther<* be no con- venient orifice in the coat of mail over the m a n y heart of the chivalric moderner, one i* there penetrated that a flask of Bourbon may be there deposited, convenient to the ready hand; audit is imperatively commanded that the casque be fitted with an aperture so ample that the patriotic consump- tion of tobacco shall go on uninterruptedly—that rum- ination and expectoration be unimpeded—that lips and tongue conspire in enstant labor in the chewing che cud of profit and cf love, and that jaws perpetually wag for the good of trade. Never north of the Mason- dixonic. line has this soul-inspiring sight beenpresented, but the grand fistic display of yesterday is, perhaps,NEW.YORK, Aug. 13 1860. JOHN C. HEENAN—Dear* Sir: I/take thiM opportu- nity,being appropriate to th« ocnaeion of your reception of the testimonials of your friends and admirers, of pre- senting to you in miniature on a solid gold ring that cov-eted English champion belt, which, if strict justice had been rendered by tbe umpire, would now be in your possession. In tendering you this " prize ring," em- bleroatijal of your profession, allow me to olfer you my congratulations that your honorable and gentle- manly conduct while representing your profession* abroad, won the esteem and good will of all with whom you came in contact. Respectfully yours,hrr.naoa*, A. Black, via, ;»«no &. Swia. M. Har«r,A. JB. with, K. S. Jowph., H, D. Hutehtm. tw-i/t, J. Kmt.y • a d xr*. It. A. IdOfOKUtiKfo*. U. S. N'*rr; Htgint Co$**. lie S. A. Veor, L. <£. t*. W. \V. Cr«a*, aor», D. Kiord*_, J Gregory, J. F . pardi, Mr*. M. IS. l>*T»nport, S. B. er.era. The ship-Co. ...... $23,500 ©a. C? 1*272tt k.Ptxtoa 15.30*between Webster and Hiyne, his delineations of the'> Cv*.*.. ^12,80012.0S*are the names of the sufferers: her with infidelity, assserting that a man named Coas.Win. S. Parsons, dwelling; John W. Morris, dwell- Homey was her paramour, Thev separated his wife 7ing; C. F. Dashiells, store and dwelling; Dr. P. Rider, reluming to her father's house. This separation, how- office; Purnell Toadvine, office and dwelling; Wm. ever, only increased the feud.. Witts harrassed his Birkenhead, store and dwelling; Amos Woodcock, wife continually, threatened her life, and took every store; F . Newman, stere; S. C. Seabreaze. store and occasion to abuse he. He greatly annoyed Irons, and dwelling; Mrs. M. Owings, dwelling; J. Kaler,.store several personal difficulties were the result. Finally and dwelling; Geo. Humphreys, store; W. Rider, Mrs. Witts, through her father, sued for a divorce, dwelling; Mrs. J. Collier, dwelling; the Rev. J. Hum- which she succeeded in getting a short time sinse. bard, store and dwelling; C. Whitlock, store; W . Liv- Pending this application for divorce, the family of Mr. ingston, store and dwelling; L. Collier, store and dwell- Irons (early last Spring) were poisoned. Arseuic was ing; T. Parvin, store; Mrs. Wood, dwelling; I. H. W. adminis'ered to tbem in coffee. Prompt medical atten- Stanford, dwelling; B. Parker, dwelling; P. W. tion, however, saved them from death. Suspicion Bradley, dwelling; Dr. W. T. Smith, dwelling; Capt. rested on William Wi'ts and he was arrested On the Bush, hotel; Rutins Ennis dwelling; H. J. Brewing- charge, but was finally discharged, there not being suf- ten, store and dwelling; Mrs. Fish, dwelling; Dr. ficient evidence at the examination to warrant the ma- William Rider, dwelling; Rider & Toad vain, store; gistrate in sending the case to Court. Since that event Mrs. M. Dashiell dwelling; Mrs. C. Shipley, dwel- there have been criminations and recriminations onshort, boxing gloves. The clote-cropped scalp' was not protected from the adversary by any interposing hel- met; no visor guarded the face; no coat of mail shielded the teuder ribs, nor were the susceptible shins encased in metal. The arms and hands were the only instru- ments of offense in our new grand tournament, norwere any more efficient shields deemed necessary to.pro- tect the respective champions from each others' attacks. Although there were DO1Mraids, or roen-at arms, or steeds, there were the lists, tbe triumphal music, the enthusiastic throng of spectators, and the faithful squires And there were Qneena of Love and Beauty, by scores and hundreds. They came from all quarters of the earth, and represented nearly all the nations thereoD. Perbape the. round-faced, light-haired Teu- tonic Queen was observed the oftenest. She did not, perbaps, quaff delicate,sparking,golden-headed wines from golden cups, but she punished inordinate quanti- ties of lager-beer from tbe characteristic mug, or sometimes from tbe elaborate-twisted cup, ingeniouslycontrived froin a cow's horn.z* n can hold office under the Constitution of North Carolina, and suggest the propriety of memorializing- the Legislature of that State for the abrogation of this obnoxious provision.A short' time since the Baroness de Rothschild pre- sented to the Society, for gratuitous distribution among the schools, 500 copies of " Addresses to Young Chil- dren," written by the Baroness, aud originally deliv- ered by her eldest daughter to the children of toe Bell lane .school, London. These books will be distributed among the various schools in the United States, iu pro- portion to their numbers. The Committee recommend a more thorough organ'zauon among the Israelites of the United States, and the compilation of reliable sta- tistics, of the congregations, members thereof, schools, ai d pupils among the Jews of t is country.The report of the Committee was received and adopted. The Board will probably be in cession to-A SINGULAR TRANSACTION.—On the 4th of June last, Mr. Maltb'y G. Lane, of No. 84 Fourth avonue, put his boree out to pasture, just over Harlem Bridge. On poing after the horse, on the 9th day of July, he could not,befound in the lot nor in Morrisiana Mr. Lane's attention being directed to an advertisement of a horse to.be sold at auction, in Carmansville, he wont there, and found bis animal iu the public pound. Oa&Co..:.2.5** . 1.4W .....7$,»T4..$804,275pea;ox. 13,1860. ibarked.'at 10 ;es were fired, Cossack, and ra«; alsoy thene and FlyiDg aoa« followedCane.ojf. 13, 1860. Oonected with 1 himself up to charged on the L>«>ugoJ ciaitas Ui briug «. gait3g-13.1860. •cW'Tork, re- Chincoteago*, liotrehs; wentd to«-k off the >;un*d t'^e Ar- r New-York, >re 0a Sonday u«*tance, when.i?. 13, I860. Club of New- 10 a. m., af-i i n a . I860—a. m. iseter 60. Ko •ut due front e.. .13, 1860. went ashore (tight last,, i* y. She satis. 13, I860, irom Liv«r-. 13, 1860. Newport te- randregajiteof stiurdng;>!diers*i 13, I860. .'.:«! to-day, ered'the re-America** ral button*. One buttonj'-ns on it; ^th Brirish ;J»o tt/uiid. n that they !i. O^nersa /iamb«r of [ »y ihfs ex-V8,&*4,ooe•TbenumbeT of telegraphic dispatches transmitted in France is but half a million; their average C03t issystem of preparing for battle prevailed, and the com- batants, instead of loading themselves heavily with brazen aimer, stripped, on the contrary, from their sturdy frames' so much of conventional clothing as could- be spared, without shocking the sensi-»U«—»^»nn—- MT-V- '-V!*St'low the Indians to the best of their ability, but they a e loo wary for them.vile " of General Uraga,uhd the latter, by an exchange, would now probably be set at liberty.A rumor was also current at V era Cruz, just before the Potomac left, that there badbeenapronuaciamientowbatthey will, there will come no punishment, no im-peachment, no sitcere investigation, eveo, to exposethe iniquity. W e will sea to that when the time comes.We wi'l see if the press cannot compel some regard toprblic duty. In the mean while we shtD d > our duty, scer.e and its accessories were very fine, so daga^rreo-•'aDd give notice from time to time of what is going on. Perhaps, too, our just censures; beside awakboiegjus- *ice for the day of retribution, may do some good in another way, by operating as a wholesome caution andXesrtraiat on tbe Administration. ^Attbeiate s*»sk>n Congrass appropriated Haifa Milltyping it before his hearers that thay, too, seemed to stHnrt eye-witness*s of the same, anxious as to its issue, and finally sharing in the triumph which New-England, in the person of her favorite son, on that memorable day achieved. The addrees was a decided success.provisions."took effect, in t e right breast. The circumstances at-tending the shooting are given in detail in the report oftbe Coroner's inquest. Ir^ns was immediately arrest-ed, together with bis nephew, Louis Irons, (the latter, day on the renowned field of Jones, a more sensible as an accessory,) and taken to the Eastern district poJon to the Washington Aqu*dact, -4 to beexpen led under*< the superintendtTice of Copt. Meigs, and according whU-h the Democrats say is represented by " 0 1 :sent b v mail—500 letters to each telegram. Tbe con-templated reduction . of price of telegraphing .will bad been held, when there being no evidence to impli-cate him as an accessory, he w*s dis -harged from cus-Ci to his plans and estimates." Ihey had had enough Abe," but tbe irrepressible conflict between Troth onof trusting money to the Administration to be expended the one- side and Paganism, Mohammedanism, at Wash ngton by the Seer tary of the Interior person- Papacy, and Ignorance on the pother. S'>me ally. But a great public woik was supended, the city ofliis strictures' upon Papacy and Papi3ts had a **its prescirg for its completion, and Congress thqugU bitterness which seemed to indicate that they werelargely increase the uie of the telegraph. ' «• i . • •the n.oney would be guarded from misapplication if Meigp, whose sturdy honesty t^ey knew, had the charge of tbe work, and tbe expenditure of the appro- priation secured to him by authority of law. Accord- ingly, they appropriated the money with an absolute proviso to that effect.Tbe purpose of it was plain and unmistakable on its face, ft was openly avowed in Congress. The legal ffect of it is equally clear and certain. Accordingly, : gave great offense to the President and his Cabinet, lis impu'se was to veto the law. and so he openly hreatened, until he was warnrd by bis own pirty iu Congress that-it would paes over his head by atwo- thirda vote. He then approved the bill, withau idle, <iu«:rulous Message to Congress, complaining of tbe in- dignitv, and of tneir district of the Executive (as if they had not had abundant caose). and accepted tbe mc-foes with whom he had more .than once measuredswords. The production gave evidenceof an educated,. man's clothing store on Main-,street, and the following months past. Witts quarreled with his wife, chargedOre yourg gentleman, however, in speaking upon ney en the con<3ition prescribed tothe appropriation. In thetubjectof "The love of office." indulged m per-due thne Congress aojoumed, tnd then *be W ar Depart- ment set to work to violate the law. to t»ke tbe money witfcout regard to tbe cdniition, and )n palpably trans- parr nt fraud of the law, to seize the work and the ap- propziation into their own hands They removed Caot.% JMeLs trim his post cf Chief Engineer of the work, and appointed another; but ordej>d him to draw out .tbe money from the Treasury, and pay it out on the orders of the new Engineer aod of the Secretary ofWar.This tb*y bad the face to declare, in a public order. om tbe War Office, to be a compliance with the law, *'bich required Capt. Meigs to •fuperiot-nd- the work. .He, of course, sent in a resolute protest to the Pres- : eat, reei'ing the legislation, appealing to the plain 5 id obvious meaning of the law, which DOhonedt man «•a>mistake, to it*» certain l*gtl interpretation which r > lawyer can doubt, to the Army usage, by which nosonal deprecatory allusions to Postmaster Fowler and Fernando W< od of your city, thus seriously marringo^mtrel its expenditure, and to the general aud positive Phelps, esq., of Burlington, Vermont, his suoject being k w of 1838, on whwh tbis usage rests, which dire ;ts, "the dntieuand responsibilities of Ameri'-au s^it'dHis."in express terms, that "the engineer in caargeofa ~MT.Phelps referred, as pregnant symptoms of danger " work ab.*}l disburse tbe money applicable to it, ' and to our country, to the -all-absorbing love of powerjHnally urging the President, in view of his relation to which makes of almost every man a candidate.for of- tbe work, toliis agency io procuring the appropriation, fice; to the occupancy of many official posts by.menand of the special trust reposed in him by Congress, distinguished only for their impudence and persever- sot to make him the instrun<er.t to g-t hold of the ance; to the despotic sway Of "caucus," managed as itoften is by .reckless, unprincipled men; to the fact thathonest, capable men refuse to enter tbe lists where The Adminueration, havii g r^vl ^ed toviolate every corruption rules; to the alarming disregard of morals wntiment of delicacy and propriety, f r which they could disp'ayed by defalcations of men in offices of trust, and < -t-ve no screen or cover, bad no difficulty in vi/Uting. urging upon his hearers that the " American neb >lar"animals; the latter to pay themselves the amount due the first branch of the City Couu-i1;them from Mr. C) orpenning, the late mail contractor. [Baltimore Exchange, Monday.Indiaie, or pretended Indians, represented to be en- THE POPE'S OWN.—The following story of one of many cases, dangerous. The loud-mouthed cannonsrhoney and circumvent tbe L^pin'Atore; Such argu- ments, ofcoune,. bad n,o>*rl>!y etlicct.officers to join tbe grand army of mvin jibles which mimic combat was most admirably select-d, affording all the way from Carson Valley, for the first time in was to preserve the Papacy in spite of itself. He wasfhould resolve, so far as in him lay, to . labor for the 'aw; under pretense of construction, ana of conrse no formation of a higher public sentiment, and the eradica-— The Baltimore Patriot says in an article entitled dYnt'beliefthat honors and rank were open to him. "Plain Talk:""But when certain orators, affecting to lead theUnion parly in Maryland, advise that party, which deraytd acrobat, whose ' properties' had been seized.they know is compored of Whigs and Americans, to As long as he traveled through France and Austria,vn>fe in support of a Locrfoco, and speak of the Re- and his inoi.ey lasted, he managed to live; but once hepublican party, equally opposed as themselves to Lo- reached tiie Papal territories he had a more vivid ideacofoccism, as .the'common enemy,' we are not sur- of purgatorv than any dogmatic theology could give prised at the determination of the Republicans here to him. At Macerata, atown most appropriately named,ieep up and vote.-for their men, regardless of conse- his splendid uniform was taken forcibly from, hi uvre difficulty in violating two laws, than in violating n^. ,They lave received the official remonstrance of i eir indocile subordinate, in sullen, impenetrable si-tion cf these evils from tbe body politic; to the raising of a conscrvative'power which should restore to us theThe crowd wa* such a one as even New-York canlence. But they will expend the money as they plea«e. pristine honor and honesty of our country. Mr. P.'s They will make tbe c'-ntiacts, adjudicate the claims, adoress bad no political allusions. It was a production nllow^he extras (tbat is now the great point in spond- of ihe highest orddr, and reflected great eredit up >n its. W an appropriation), and send him orders, to pay. author. It was listened to with undivided attention,Already, We understand, on the back debts, where he and warmly applauded.yilow*, and reports only $18 000 ,du>, they have or- Tbe poem on "True Courage'' was delivered by dered£>im to pay $11,000 m«>re (a n«pbew of che Secre- Mr. Walker, of the c'aM °f iwi, »«4 was a creditable tary beitg th*>.attorney for the principal claimant). •production. At 2 o'clock the Alumni sat down to a At ibatrate they will have little difficulty iu making dinner at the Addison House, aMy presided oveP by the work cos*,a million more, as Secretary Floyd says Gen. Robtr's of Manchetter. After the inner aoan hadit w;llr though Meigs protests he .can finish it for Half been satblifd, responses were made to toasts by the :-a Milhon, if they will let bim. Hon. Z Howe of Ca^tleton, the Rev. Mr. Board manYoura etc., DAN'L K. DRLA V AN, City hwpootor.of Bitghamton, Joshua Butts, esq., of BoHton, Wen. W e understand, too, that the Contractor Connelly Slade, jr., etq., of Cleveland, the aiev. T Post of St. COLtinnss to deliver his big columns at tbe C*pitol, and Looj8..fandotijei8. At about 5 o'clock, all standing,ond ccat, and waB once, unfortunately, tempted to dis- play it, when that too, was sold by drum-head auction. He'fou'nd that remonstrance only subjected him to ex-that no columns are allowed to be procured from " Auld Lang Syxie " was sung, and the company ditj- JHeebnsr, although the law directs tbe columns to be p^-rsedl •sylvania Democratic State Committee; The Phil<t4e^' more severe even than the Austrian for it was a disci and cheered; and the hear-by crowd took up the cry and pline' involving such severe punishments fjr disobedi.Correapondeace of The N. Y. Tribtme.MlDDLEBUHT, Vt., Aug. 10, 1860.Despite the unpromising and uncompromising olouds av appropriate piece of music, a carriageappeared, ooo- that diftilled unwelcomeshv»wers in the morniDg hinted tai&'ing the distinguished Champion.' Three times hev ould yield, and so,likesomeotherattempted matches it failed.wearied out and exhausted, however, is. the coumrynority r* porf. opposed tl e formation of any Independent $« great were tie appre&ensioos of an at ack that the bad not the pleasure of. hearing. Tuesday, Aug. 7, Wide-Awake Clubs, and suggested that delegates fromstyle of chivalry. Gentlemen whose every-daybring back that particular belt, yet he left a great dealBast's Fort at last dates was threatened.interesting. The Bacadaureate by Prof. Boardman, IBixtaen Indian prisoners recently sent there were re- leased. .e«<h organization rxeet in convention, for the.purpose wss devotfd to exercises connected with tha Philoma' fthoughts are bound-up in cotton bales,, headed up of belting behind bim. [Cheers and laughter,} Al- though be did not bring back that particular belt, nev-theyOra-ory," ano upon this theme he held the undivided A man was killed at D*dta (5rove on the Ka<>cocas attent'On of his audience for two honrs. Although Creek, this afternoon. He belonged t> an excursion d<ubtJess a written production, it was,delivered with- party from Philadelphia. A quarrel took place, in out note or manuscript, the speaker standing not be- whirh'a large number were engaged and were cut hind tbe cramped quarters of a pulpit, but out upon the ladiy. Bends w*s the name of the man killed. The open platform. When will address-makers, yes, e<ren murderer attempted to escape, but was caught between clergy men. learn that such a manner of delivery is the royal road to the hearts of their hearers. Fancy a lawyer standing up behind a wooden box, and gravely reading to the jury his argument. I, heartily com- mend Mr. Fowler's example to all public speakers,Overflowed, ;e 'era! culverts' cavtd in, and much ctoer But 1 digress. Mr. FowJer handles his subject in a damage was done. Two boys were Et.uck by lightning, masterly style, sett'ng forth the peculiar events of ourwill, not getsafelythroughin tbefnturo.tion of a military company outside of the Wards, as Minister of War during Zuloaga s Presidency. battle of th«.17tii of April. [Cheers.} character, by the Rev. H. Wrlkes of Montreal. Mr. such an organization wou>d create jealousies. After a There has been considerable excitementat Vera Cruz the trammels of business, forget tbe market pri >eA Man Killed in a Quarrel.BORU»OTO.'»„K. J., Monday, Aug. 13, 1860.as a substitute for the minority report a series of reso- Isabel II. Coupled with the report that a Spanish ex- realm of poetry aud romance. Everything ia for- present to you tbis ring, with the accompanying! utter. lutions recommending the formation cf a central or- pedition \yaa ontheway.it at first created consider- gotten, or sinks into utter insignificance before Let this ring alwajs remind you of the unbroken circle guization to be composed of Delegates from the able Btir. The fact, however, that she came only to of friends around you today. [Cheers.] I have, iareceive dispatches from the Senor Pacheco soon quieted the one ambition each one feels ia conquering in the the eecond place, to present you this inclosure, contain- affaire. mimic fight, that He may enjoy tfre ineffable happiness ing a check representing the proceeds of the voluntaryIt.was reported at Vera CrUz that there was great of winning for his "ladye fayre" the proud title of contnbutODSof your friends and admirers, amourj .g called to effect an independent organization of Wide- activity in the Government factories at Mexico, in the altege'herto ten thousand and thirty odd dollars. [Im- Awakes. Some further discussi n ensued,,when. Mr. work of preparation for the third expedition against " Queen of Love and Beauty," and receiving from the mense cheering*] And now in behalf of the Commit-Dutcher suggested that as there had been some misun- the " Beroic City." Guns and shells innumerable are fascinating maid, after she is invested with that su- tee; and of this vast assemblage, Ibave groat pleasure derstanding, those opposed to forming any independent, being cf«8t. preme tide, a couple' of gracious smiles, be the same in welcoming you to yotr native scores. [Tremendouscorps bad hetter retire which suggestion was a-^ted Meanwhile the fortifications of Vera Cruz are being more or lees. Jousts are fought, tournays are run, cheeis.] Ten thousand welcora»sto you, and may a- npon, and abQut two-thirds of those present retired to repaired and put in the best possible state of defence, curse begin at tbe root of his heart who is not rial to another room, where a second meeting was organized. in c>;8e another descent should be made upon the city. lances are splintered, riders are unhorsed, and hordes see you. [Prolonged cheers.]fDelfinco and Burlington.various Ward' Clubs. •The minority report was withdrawn.Mr. RITTK>BAND insisted that the meeting was* Accidents at Philadelphia.PHILADELPHIA, Monday, Aug. 13,1860."We had violent thowers all day; many cellars were who eeek to become en rapport with their audience.and cue of them killed.FROMknowing whither to turn- \referred to, which were adopted, and on motion a Com- . THE TARTAR EMIGRATION.—The general migration great run on costumes, and curiosity-shop keepersCjrrespoadenceof TheN. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON. mmittee composed of the Chairman, Messrs. Tucker, Ga- to Turkey of the Tartars, the only agricultural popu- for any interesting relics they may have in the way ofperson.The whole affair was most completely successful,and will net to Messrs. Nixon and Wood abont $12,000.additional reputation for him-elf, put sooae additionaldisgrace on ihtm, or, as they milcly express it <:mnJce ;ANNIVERSARY OF THE BA TTLE OF BENNINGTON.—s.-Onfes' of hip audience showed that he bad touched Ci »7> the record against therm;" but he caunot save the ia* cfcord which shall never cease .to thrill in thisjaon?y. It will be a strong ca?e for Congress when he come8 to report how'the money went tb»t tioy in- truitted to bim, with express conditions and proviso to the Administration to keep he hands off. But the job- bers in power over him are not so easily scared, off. They resolutely put tbe law aside, and h<»pe to be pro- tected by their confederates io Congress, and that doGreenBtts,"above all others, Vermont honors' and loves. Hie description cf the more than princely reception given to Mr. Clay in New- York, iu one of. the later years of his life, was very fine; and bis comparison of bis royal reign over the hearts of the American peopleto the petty power of a President, doling out patronage to a crowd cf hungry office-seekers, brought down the house with tumultuous applause. Mr. Fowler's de- scription of Mr. Webster aud his oratory was no leesCOLLEGE.MEETINGTO ORGANIZE A CLUB.WIDE-AWAKELA TER FROM MEXICO.• : m'THE H3ENANJ abouts of all the crowd. This was truly a boautifsl •J exhibition.After theec combats, and daring the performance ofW E E K .,. We have later news from Mexico by the arrival of Last night, 8gree&ble to a call published in tbe daily the Schooner Potomac at New Orleans fronr Verapapers, upward of 350young mfn a«nenrbJed at the Cruz bringing dispatches for the Government audFIFTY THOUSAaJD.PERSONS PRESENT.... : /<• •••FESTIVAL.-<* ,•JVEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14. I860.thesian and Pbiladelpbian Societies—the former, of o t'ramirjg a constitution and electing civil and militaryin rice tierces, or squeezed into tortuous twistiSca-Iertheless the unanimous verdict hot only of his own Unices the mail parties are strengthened it is feared liUrary chancer, being addressed by J. W. Fowler, officers. , . " in favor of Cuevas, before mentioned as Pacheco's tions among multitudinous tobacco plugs, on these coontryroe< but of every honest and fafr-minded manSaturday^ night about fif- felicitous. An ^ye-witnees of that renowned rencounter long ere this, to have effected, a landing. While off teen minutes past seven o'clock, Emanuel Irons shotAbout one year ago, a society was organized among tbe deseerdante ofJarael in this country, under the name of " The Board of Delegates of American Is- raelites;" for the purpose of a more effectual codpera- ticnwith their brethren in other lands; and fir the pro-motion of the interests oftbe Jewish people here and elsewhere.The Board he'd their first Annual Meeting last even- ing at the Cooper Institute. Delegates from about 30" Congregations were present. The President, Mr. HENRY J. HART, (of the firm of Solomon & Hart) ia tbe Chair. <The Executive Committee made their first annual re- port. They state that they have collefyod and remitted to Sir Moses Montefiore the sum of $20,000 for the re- lief of the Morocco refugees. They call attention te tbe difficult negotiation necessary to establi«h theirrights under the treaty with Switzerland, aud also t* the fact, that no provision was made for any privileges to citizens of Jewish faith in tbe treaties with Chinalogical mindj and was listened' to with attention.The evening was occupied in declamation by four members from each of the three lower classes for the Parkerian prizes, and gave evidence that this branch of education is not neglected. The evening was intensely warm, bui this did not prevent an overflowing house, coupesed in a large degree, of the lads and lasjeeof this aDd adjoining towns.Wednesday, preceded by an intensely warm night,would bave done no dissrtdit to the torrid zone. At 10 o clock, the procession fornied at the College, and, pre- ceded by twelve members of Dodwortn's Band.marched to tbe church. The graduating class numbered twenty, and their orationsWere, in >he main, very creditable.drawn over a soft superstructure of curled hair. In and Japan. They refer to the fact that no Jewish citi-got from Heebner, and forbids any part of the appro-priation to be expended in getting any other columns. The appointments for 1861 are: 6rator, the Rev. S. phia /nt/vireff independent in politics, says: ence-that numbers of Irish have already been shotStandirg Finance Committee. Messrs. Hawkins, howled. The carriages contained Mr. Macdonald and Cohtn, and Parssen w*re appointed a Committee oo Mr. Cusick, both known as the trainers of Mr Heenau Military Instruction and Lectures, with power to in-C'ocneUy, however, has the contract from the Secretary D. Kitchelof Detroit, of claso of 18:i5; Substitute, fa W*r,which-Capt.Meigsobjectedto,asgivingthe WilliamSLde,jr.,ofclassof1836. Poet,Mr.-—contractor ft clear profit «f $70,000 on his contract, Roberts of Manchester. TRA VKLEK. amounting to $13> 000.. ,-" As the ranse uttjiidfi now, the more sagacious ad- "iwn by Lamoricieie, others have been flogged, aud herentsoftheVctoecraiicpartyfreelyadmitthatitis v «vhavebeensenttotillthesandsofAlgeria but of slight pwirti nil importance to the contest iu No- m8X*i he had with ethers, to march 30 miles with vember whether their party presents a divided or unitedatdifferentstageBofhispreparationfortheParn-creasetheirnumbertoseven. Onmotion,itwasre- solved that tbis ccrp* should meet at the Mercer House on Wednesd*y evening next for drill and business. It is determined by the company that they proceed imme- diately to hard work, and use every endeavor to n ralW p k y County, Ind., no less than fifty German recruits are on the rolls of the Republican clab. This is in theBUD Hoo»torFor Vice Prtnidcht.hopes, and in robust health; wasour quhve, in the remains o: the tlaVn^Bhir/and knee-Never-•confident of carrying it this j ear.• -then set sail for Nicaragua direct, where, it is believed, ANOTHER MURDER.—On' •I .the nearest approach we have yet made to chivalric •glories. ,In the gallant knights who appeared yester-In the afternoon, the Philadelphian Society was ad $1 50. At the same time 250,000,000 of letters are lice station, when the form* r was committed to jail todressed by tbe Rev. H. Wilkes. His subject was tin; " Irrepressible Conflict," not that conflici, however,what wc uld otherwise have been a good address.<aina. ling; Mrs. J. Maddux, dwelling; Issac Nichols, dwel- both sides. Irons is a violent tempered man, vindic-violating tbe canons of good taste. Such personal ani- TPitdversions, as it seems to me, better become the po- litical hustings than Cdmxencement day. I say this the inore.freely as 11 ave no political sympathies witn the g-rtlemen nemed.The usnal Alumni dinner intervened between the ex- er "ise? in the forenoon and afternoon, and just before t e cxercrsr-s clnsed a drenching rain descended, which made sad havoc with the .gala dresses, bonnets, aiid ribbons of the fair belles.ling; Mrs- S. White, dwelling; Wesley Williams, tive and determined. Wm. Witts bears a general badsbop; H. T. Parsons, store; M.Taylor, dwe'ling; Jas. character, and is looked upon as a despsrate man. A. Vcnables, store; Mrs. Evans, dwelling; Robert John Witts (tbe deceased)'was-on the ground more byAbdell, store; David Van^e, dwelling; Levin Hous- accident than design. \ . ' ton, store; Wm. Evans, dweling; Mrs. Bopp, store Irons's name has been quite familiar to our citizensar.d dwelling; four unoccupied dwellings—besides the in connection with one of those formidable bauds ofPoet-Office and the Protestant Episcopal Church. deBi-eradoes Whose demoniac deeds are still frebhiucheUK-mory of all familiar with the receut reiga of terrorTHE PONY EXPRESS.—We make the following ex- and outlawry. It will be recollected that the famous" Blood Tub" exploits at the election polls of the First tract from the letter of a di?tinguished army officer in Ward were perpeteated in the front or in the immediateOn this particular occasion the Jewish lady, who waebyeome expected to reign Queen of the Lists,:-»' -**%•/:rof-msof the Republican Central Comroiftee, No 618Sixty-years since Gamaliel Painter and his com- Broadway, for the purpose of organizing an Independ- mail bags from the U. S Sloop-of-War Savannah, Flag a further euppry of moisture before night, and f uthfally drovo round the ring, and then asceuded the stage.peers, animated with a strong deeire for the education ent Wide-Awake Central Club.' SKYMOUB A. BITNCE Slip of Captain Jarvi*, the Pocahontas, Captain Haz- fulfilled that flavial promise intermittently tbroaghoatThen .another vehiile of aiistbcraic pretensions ap-peared -with Charles Ottignon, the opponent of Heenaaof the sons of Vermont, founded here a College;From tbat time it has kept on its way with mutationsas to prosperity, until now, three score years old, itcan point to over one thousand graduaes who havegone from its halls to act their parts upon the greatstage cf human action. Of this number a very largewas called to the chair, and M. JEFFRTES chosen ard, and the Storeship Supply. Officers and crews of the day—notwithstanding the rampant wiad that made Secretary. these vessels were well. navigation extra hazardous, and perpetually dispersedin the mi.mw fighf.The CHAIRMAN stated briefly tbat th<?object of the. The city and port of Vera Cruz continued remark- countless hats of innumerable-mortals in multitudinous Heenan was dressed in a tight silk shirt, flannelmeeting W88 to organiz? a Wid«-A wake Company sim- ably healthy. "•-*" .-'* '"''.•;•':•*-?7'-', •.'''•':•• direttions, and in spite of the authentic intimation breeches am"! fighting shoes. Ottignon was simflwlyilar to the corps now exi-ticg in Hartford, Conn. Ru- We bave advices from the City of Mexico to themors bad been circulate© that the meeting was called 17th.ult, and from all parts of the country as late as for the purpose of breaking down the Republicanthat seats would be provided but for afavored few of ;hres or four thousands, a ad that- to the rfeg, all preparations were made as if the com tat] roportion have been clergymen, probably over one- Union; but such he wbu'd aeaert emphatically was not due. At the capital, what with the late commercial the rest of the throng would be left to their own de-'tbe case, and be hoped that the Republican Union failures apd reverses in the field, affatns were ia a vices in the matter of securing places from which to was to be'with tie naked fist, instead of with tbe in- might number ss many thousands as the proposed or- wore disorganized state, if possible, than ever. The nocuous ghrvee. Seconds, Umpires and Bittle-holders&*nizaiipn would make hundreds. inactivity of Miramon. who had done nothing what witcess the great event of the day, an immense crowdMr. GAVIT of the Twentieth Ward honed than if an ever since his late disastrous flight from Guadalajara, congregated yesterday at tie Wood of Jones to witness iwere apoojbted, atfter tbe usual requirements. For .-.ba'f, many of whom have entered the missionary field, aid some of whom have laid their bones on missionary soil. AmoDg her sons there occur now to me the names of Silas Wright, Dr. N. S. Beman, Gov. W. Slade, Judge Royce, Senator 8. Foot, Sylvester Lamed, and Dr. Perkine, missionary to the Nestoriius.Middlebury College has from the first been supportedby private benefaction, while the University of Ver-mont, at Burlington, has received more or less supportfrom the State. The contiguity of the latter (only 30 miles distant) has, as a matter ot course, lessened thenumber of students in attendance on the former. Somd ney, and Jackson were appointed aCbmraittee to dr<ift Cuerrjavaca; Beniozabal was reported to be already our cold Northern latitudes, but are delicacies that only Then came the set-to consisting "of sevso- rounds ofVtenyarssincemutualadvancesweremadsforaunion aConstitutionforthwith. Theyretired,whenMr. ontheroadleadingfromTolucatothecity;whilethe ripeninthesunnySouth.Thebraveaudcourteous cupjh>gseventeennrrautee.Theba'tlewarofvary-but ihe part es_ pplit upon the question as to which* SILAS B. DUTCHER said be was glad to see so large an army of the North was said to be apDroaobingfrom ing eucceps, but, the j>eople seemed to be well satisfied'' should be considered the bridegroom; for this involved f.seemblage on so stormy a night, and be looked upon various directions. If there was only a' man of milkaiy Knights who clustered round the Accomackian thronestbe further fact that the bride must leave her home to the meeting as a*nucleus around which hundreds would genius and prestige at the.head of them, says a letter, of the Old Dominion, ready to rally to the rescue of its with the Champion.follow the bridegroom's fortunes. Neither party gather. Be hoped before long to sae a perfect Wider tbe capture of the city would be an easy task. So priceless ' fundom," whenever its luscioos oys- Then an adjournment to the hotel, a drinkingof wine,.ter8 are threatened by a fleet of ruthless clam- and finally a presentation to Heenan of a* puree ,oon>. taining a certified check for $10,000. In' presenting'-i' Awake organization in each Ward. He predicted tbedeath of the Democr itic party, and he felt assured that by this long and disastrous civil war, that no movementComonfort. abo-crt the enthusiastic wants by the eager seconds. battle-steeds, ; the fatal transfixion of the dead-with a central organization, and he booed that beforethe election the City of New-York would be envelopedin one blaze from fifty thousand Wide-A wake creasets. approaching the Capital. Th* forces of the South, un- ly lance, and the cruel crush of the ponder-The Liberals, following up Miramon, were rapidly The seconds and tbe principals at the call of " AJUOn motion Messrs. Ritterband; G^vit, Hills, Pinck- der the command of Alvarez, were at las1; accounts at ous battle-ax, are pleasantries not known in Ready," shook hands in the customary formal manner.scows from the North, t-riennially combined we this handsome preesnT Mr. Edmood Blankman said: tbe number of its students was very small, but under A most nngular story wa* current iu Mexico, to the believe, with that noble squad of thorough-bred MY FRIENDS ANI> Fiw-Low.fciyisjsws: IhavabeeiiSome twelve years since, owing to variobus causes, the Wide-A wakes would bury them on .election dav. of any vigor on either side wa3 expected.the able administration of Dr. Labaree, it has steadily Speeches were made by Messrs. ToUCEY , KICHA'RD-light, ard is now le't to work his way in with two continued to gain in numbers, having now lOvJ members. SON, and HOUGHTALING* of the Fifteenth Ward, aud a effect tbat Mr. Mathew, tbe British Charge was about cavaliers, indigenous, we are informed, to selected by the Committee to present to Mr. Heenan, .Mr. Harper had 113 head of cattle run off in day-xoke of cattle t<o the wagon.Two soldiers were followed into the camp on theAn effort 58 now beinr made to raise $15,000 for the purpose of erecting an additional college edifi<*, to be appropriatedtoslidents'rooms,and it haereachedaPawneeForkafewdays »ince.Tbe trrops under Maj. Sedgwick are attarapttng to point where success is certain.eoLgsungby Mr. W H I T E . to levy upon tbe private property of Miramon, Corona, Pickens County, South Carolina, to have a 'raternal in token of the high appreciation in which our cham- The Commi'tee to whom the matter of drafting a Mnnoz Ledo, & c , for the paymeut of ths claims of tournament after the style of tbe Templars, the Knights pion—I may say the world's champion • is held—constitution was referred returned, and reported a ma- British subjects. by bis countrymen, this testimonial of esteem and re- jority and a minority report. The former report pre- Another story had reached Vera Cruz that the Bishop of the Red Cross, and other blessed Crusaders and gard to John «C. Heenan for his manly courage aud'The Commencement exercises have taken p^nce this sented various articles and sections setting forth rules of Guadalajara and other Church dignitaries had been gertlemen, all of tha olden time. On these mediaeval spirit in going across the Atlantic to contend for tbe*^. week, and have been in some features unusutlly for the government of an Independent Club. The mi- seized by the Liberals on account of the " durance occasions, all things are done according to the coar liest Champion's Belt; and although, my friends, he did notesq , of Poughkeepsie, and the latter, of religious Tbe majority of the Committee opposed the forma- favored successor in the Government. Cuevas was glad holidays.emancipate their mental faculties from in the world, is tbat he was tbe real conqueror iu theFowler's-subject was the " Versatility of American boisterous, discufsion on the'matter Mr. Gillespie offered en account of the arrival of tbe Spanish war-steamer of long-staple, and soar into the unaccustomed To MR. HEENAN.—In the first place, Sir, I have toMiramon was at last accounts still at Lagos, not are uhridered, and things generally are done. Heenan made a modest and suitable reply. TwoColonial aid Revolutionary history, as also the stirringisenes of biter days,.which bave conspired to form andmature a sty^e of oratory combining m an unusual de-gree the florid and argumentative styles. As illustra-tions of differing yet powerful oratorical displayswakened into existence by the Revolutionary struggle, vit, Hills, Toncey and Lawrence were appointed to lation of the Crimea, has left that province in a de- greaves, and coats of mail, and shirts of ditto, andthe Mift Boy of the Slasbes, the eloquent senator, the^corruptible patriot. The hearty and repeated re-•" •iMountain at theState, mention" the star that of that name,never whichequipped, full of spirits, and amplv supplied with,arms, ammunition, and provisions. Frbm Ruatan, off N. Y., bas been invite! to deliver the oration. The which island the five vessels made their rendezvous, programme includes a military and civil display, accom- the voyage was a moat prosperous one, and the wholefleet pas ;ed down the coast in splendid style. Theexpedition first came to anchor at,the island of Cozu-mel, off tbe coast of Yucatan, where it remained, com-municating with the mainland, and completing the ladies. ,,preparations for the expedition, till the 20th ult. It — •the coast of Yucatan the expedition received large re- end instantly kil'fed a man named John Wits, at the enforcements of men, and was amply supplied with Patteyson Park House, Loudenslager's Hill.' The loadMr. Dutcher was chosen Chairman, and Mr. Gavit, Secretary. • ;Mr. GTLLEsriE offered the several resolutions abovebeautiful rings were also presented to Cusick aud buckh-rs are in great demand; tbat there is a Macdonald, with speeches, to which they replied iahe referred to Patrick Henry and Harri?on Otis, nicely carry out the sense of the meeting. The meeting ad-of Clay and Webster were extremely felicitous ahd above, and after appointing several committees on per- country, are going to ruin; aud wages of all sorts ing men in tbe hour of battle. Certain modificationsWASHINGTON, Aug. 5, 1860.Ci-pt. Meigs is again ia trouble with th-» Administra- analyzing their .characters and tbe secret of their pow- journed subject to the call of th« Chau\ plorable state. The vineyards, which are the chief cuiraeees, and gorgets, aud gauntlets, and other me-On Saturday, Mr. Heenan received a beautiful gold 3whoholdover tion..Hemaymakeagallantfight,buthwillbaaer.Butcomingdowntoourownday,hisdescriptions Th*fii>tmeetingadoptedtheConstitutionreferredtosourceofwealthofthemountainousportionofthetallicnuisances,usedbyknights-erranttoimpedefight-ring,withthesubjoined tetter. /are masters of the situation. He is an Executive offi-cer, subj*ct to Executive authority. They give orders, Whig burn within him as be portrayed with a mas- and he must obey. He may readet, protect, make some ter's band the salient points of dear old Henry Clay,dear to him, and it made the heart of an old ClayILXIMOVEMENTS.—-!^ Neio- Orleans Picayune says:' .' -/ " Gen. William Walker, of whose departure fromthe island of Ruatan, on the 21st of June, we havebefore bad accounts, arrived off the Yucatan coast, The eighty-third recurrence of this anniversary willen. route to Nicaragua, on the 1st ult. He had with be celebrated at Bennington on the 16th of August. him five vessels and five hundred men—all1 well On this occasion R. W . Judson, esq., of Ogdensburgh,WILLIAMW ALKER'Spanied by several bands of music, and concluding with an ascension by Mr. Jofcn La Mmintain in his new balloon "Atlantic," accompanied by one or more youngJOHN D. BEATON.On Wednesday evening the Band gave a Concert, andat nine o'clock the amiable and accomplished lady of the Utah, relative to the recent menacing attitude of the vicinity of Irons's Hotel, when po< r, unoffending citi Miee Adah Isaacs Menken, who has claimed the dis c'aimiug it Mr. Garrison, who professed to be pound-President received her friends and the st-angers in town with a grace and ease which few possess.tinction of being the wife oi the great Heenan, was unaccountably absent. At an early hour tbe grounds were thronged. Every car whose course lay in the desired direction was not only- crowded, but piledciiing tbe Indians to menace the stations and run off the responsible f'ost of representative of tbat war J to pyramidically up in heaps. All the steamboats plyingof blood, in order that their appearance should spread "The Mormon employees of this "Company (Pony tenor and fllarro, atd to deter voters from the polls. < Beer; of Engineers was ever fuml-bolder orpaying- before the Alumni, and to the festivities of an Alumni Express) toward Carson Valley, who are represented For his z^al in this delectable service, Emanuel Irons Mler to t'ay outa fund with no authority to direct a id dinner. The address this year was by Edward J. to be numerous, are n'.t fiee from the suspicion of in- was promoted by tbe clu^s of the American party toThursday has of late yea's been devoted to addresaa8Indians toward the Pony Expre*s:zens w<re beat and maimed, and then thrust in a tubkeeper, said he had sold the horse that morning, at II o'clock, for $65, (the horse was worth $175,} to a Mr. E. P . Pepisiine, living at, No. 177 First avenue. Mr. Lane called at tbio place in the evening, but not find- ing Mr. Pepistine at home, told the circumstances to his boys, and left word that'ho would come again at 7 o clock the neit morning, at winch time he called, but found tbat Mr. P. had taken an early start for Car- mansville, where Mr. Lane shortly after found him, a a blacksmith's sbop, waiting to bave the horse shod, which be bad just, taken from the pound, aud refased to give it up. Mr. L. has as yet received neither morey nor horse; but yesterday, in his pursuit of bis property under difficulties, he got the fallowing paperfiom the City Inspector:NFTC-YORK, Aug. 18, 16Gf —Mr. Smith G»rrtton-5lr: Uud*r- •tondit.g tbut you areaMumJjng to a^t &a pouu: -mmoor %t C»r- assemble* but unfrtoiuently. To the manager! the nftDKvtlb*, thlx it to inform yon that Tonract* as »uch will mt tut recognized by thi» Deportment,an ro-> do not hold any »ach povrrr.The character of the reported outrages, and the fewin the direction were over crowded to an extent thatrendered navigation not orlv difficdlt, but positively, ingaged in them, render probable my original supposition the Pope's dopes is told iu a Dublin paper: . did their noisy utmott to make a*furious row,tbat white men are at the bottom of them altogether. •' A young gen'lem-n possessed of an independentThe Express came in from the West a few days Btnce income was induced by tee Pope's clerical recruiting and with eminent success. The pla<e f>r theseveral weeks.. The California-mail also came in, fc^o, guaranteed a commission, aud dreamed of a marshal's EOt only an abuncance of room to the persons mostihe san e wav. They report the Indians troublesome; baton He furnished himself, at the suggestion of theimmediately interested in the pugilntic drama, bat giviDg to the immense audience an opportunity to see the whole of the imposing ceremoniep, even to the minuteBt detail. - *but norhing definite." • i»tempter with a very handsome uniform, gseen aud gold and so forth, and he left our quays in the conli-?uences. The ' common enemy,' in our opinion, is the.ccofoco party, and none other. In Maryland we re-gard the Republican party as a part of the Opposition with an old flannel shirt and an indescribable pair winch we W*k *oeee united against Democracy, and of knee breeches. That was the uniform which aoknowlf^JKO nothing in common with the De- of the Pope's Irish brigade. He had reserved a sec-Tee band having achieved their musical utmost, andthe multitude having endured all that compressed absence of the Pnsident, Mr. Hawkins was allied human rature can bear and survive, the principals ap- npon to preeide. The Committee on Rooms reported peared. To their credit belt said, they were punctual. in favor of engaging a drill room at the Mercer House;w-—With Jexpect to the fueitfn provided for by tl«>Peul1* tra drill and threats'of the babtinadb. The drill wa<and, on motion, the report was accepted,and the roomsmocracy."In fact, i they were ten minutes before the time. At aged. A'Printing Committee consistiog of Messrs.•^JTprecisely ten minutes before 3 p. m. a carriage ap- enga Hamil, aud Barclay-, was appointed. Messrs. pr ached the far-off multitude recognized the inmates, CBIaeldicwyi,n, (Johen, and Hawkins were appointed aborough fight. This set-to was not of special interest, T H E PRESIDENTIAL* CANDIDA TES.—The following front to their, adversaries. If a combination is formed S« TL«. „Y* ^ by am agent of tbe Pope four coppe both men being light-weights, and ueUher being in—At the rate the Germaos are comiDg over to R J - table in relaiionr.to the several candidates for Probident thnt will in any contingency innre to the advantege of SuZL I £ t t i v11* 6 i z e o f a halfpenny, bearing the arm condition to do his part..p9blicanism in the West, there will hardly be left one and Vice-ITesident showB the State in which they. Breckinridge, thousands of the Douglas men will stay at home on election day or else vote for Lincoln. If,to tela the tale of their departnre in the Democratic were born, when they were born, and where they no w on tbe other hand, such a compromise is effected ai ad- *»mk*.i In Indiana, Cb&rle* CooJon, a prominent Ger- reride: - mits the regularity of Douglas and looks tobia exclu-«oan Democrat, and no longer than last month marshal For President. Native State. Borh. AIM, Reuidence. sive benefit, then thousands of the Breckinridge D*mo-of Plo N o n o V 0I1<J-6ide> <*«** iiacnptidn tesUfyln e bajocco oh the other. Even in thAfter these two men came Mr. Ed. Price of Boeton in effectiveness the celebrated French Zouaves.and Mr. Aaron Jones of Philadelphia. This *ras apurely scientific affair, and would have left nothing to A meteoric ftone, weighing from 400 to 500 Ponaf*»be desired, as an exhibition of true scieaoe and grace, fell, or was supposed to mil, in McA»isterville. Juuiata County, Pa., on the 5th in*t. A rumbling nowe wasJ. C. Breckinridge ©f a Douglas proce*sion. has, in company with twelve ri. A. Dooyla*.i.Ky. 1809 51 111. JTuhn B**ll................. N. C. 1797 63 Tena.cra's will sullenly refuse to vote. If a divided front is sbo"cn, of course defeat is inevitable. Either way mak'BLincoln's 'election sure" in Pennsylvania. These vitw^ will explain onr meaning when w.e declare that, however important tbe result of the Democratic State Commit-ee's deliht-tations at CresHon might have beensome maccarom and auXt, . V ^ U h ntttarally gave independrnt Irishman. -dcure his release.way, and at last he manned ^ P-.'- wQif0rm, full ofothers, declared for Lincoln. In one township of AbruJm/u Lincoln•Kv. . 1821 Ky. vt. 1P43 47but for one circumstance. Mr. E^ Price had met with an accident the day before-that had disabled bis rightheard by many persons at 5 p. m.. and onelaay saw something falling rapidly into a field. Near the place indicated%ybe?;th!s stone was found; h j J ^ V j w j examined by a geologist, be made tbis report: That it resembbd limestone, that it is circular in foim, J teet * inches in diameter, 18 inches thick....V«». 1798 67 Texan. ...Ga. 1812 48 Oa.Tlie roan who went away m _t*5SW on-Mondayonhaiid, which was swollen to an enormous size.theless, he fought with hie left hand only, and made a contest to manly as to bring down the applaudingM H ^ - " • • - »li. V. J<llUi4<<IJ ..XVih (Holman's) Distiict, and the Republicans are iioiu.ib»in-jniiin ..Mhine. 1809 61 Maine. at oi e time, they are quite of secondary couosquencebreeches, to worn down that nobody Pould identify him."and sold by auction. In exchange he was furnished•;, I Ianswer the charge of murder, and the latter was con-fined in the station-house until the Coroner's inquesttody. Witts was 26 years of age, and leaves a wife.THE FIRE AT SALISBURY; MD —The telegraph, a ErranTJel Irons is uie present member from the First bilities of tbe new police. The only weaponsWard to the First Branch of the City Council. Tne few days since, announced a disastrous fire in tbe town murdered man is .a brother of Villiam. Witts,employed were inoffensive gloves, not steel- jointed and deadly, like. the massive gauntlets of the earlier knights, but made of peacefal deerskin,of Sah>bury, Md. The fire originated in Mr. F . New- who married a daughter of Irons. There his been afamily feud existing between the parties for some/fihlr.i* +° eat or means to procure any. Everydaym S ^ J S ^ S ^ ^The recipient was: a.the utmost, able to procure pleasant food to anWe bave reason to think that shields andresult was delightfully pleasant. The number of ticketssold was not far from 37,000; and such is tbe wretcheddejravity of human nature, that doubtless severalthousand surreptitious persons scaled the walls and meeting of the young gentlemen who contemplatesaw the fun without pecuniary disbursement.forming a military organization with the above came, was held at the Cooper Institute last even- ing. Tbe attendance was I very - small. In theattired. The.** two mighty {mortals bavin* stepped in-CONVNTEIONOF AMERiCAN ITES.ISRAEL-THE NEW-YORK ZOUAVES.—The fourth preliminary• .}o**"i>h Lau* Edwud £vert tt,.N. 0 . .MUSK.1801 £9 .1794 66Orogou M»«4.now.".Untitled DocumentS^rtfcVWmm MMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^• "• M *'m: ; --••".'" ^.*;www.fultonhistory.com, T - —t««* wHi^.^awiwjwww^^!^.•..'V" 