 r.tion to theSouth that the murder mestic policy of one great section of thodo-defeated the Colonial (rovernor aed Cotmcil, was bybut at the first moment after those checks upon her movements were removed, the sabject was re-of theobUgatiaes Irefoltlngplunge(n^^^T^^nesa and coBtawipt,fer thsir plans. Thees ceatutses II isliBreooDcem solely, ta&m/bo^j Is responsible iaod laws of tias mayhaveeood«H«Dintlate,battkeydUnot batharselC Sheonlyasks(abaWaloM(abe good«lWians,of«pioduee the sonu^ -^ •Uowad to mansge her ow« affOla ia kar «wb aoataiakar. Wh^ ill jWW^ii/lfVnion Bleelinss •rtbe Nortli. Where, tben,!IUI we findtlie «ial cans* of ex*- vray ; and aa ahe lias aararisting tioables, W wUch Uia patriotic movemenU with the affairs of otheia, aha tiiinka thaAsnaaad every aaaas at her 1 iwisml Bha^oaiiaoLITTEBA FEOM II-PKESIDBRTS. of oar Horthem btetham shoaM be specially di- amostreasonsbleone. Thisperpetnalabut*sad haiaa4isconl,aadloraotheUaioa^butIft1 rected? I repeat, ta tlU RtpubUcan pmrty of tkt denunciation of Blavery can do no possible good ba a fUtf in thia eoantry tliat entertains op OIXBBWf VIEW OF ova, NATIONAI. T&OII< [forth, a professedly political organization, banded while it genetat s discord among brethran, incites views. Slid is resolved to prose thsm with$(au aponthecontemplated''" ararypanIn ths aamo of the Neitbsra aray.'*^ federatloa. which la reprebensiblo la iraamsst aaCftpiiilluMit regsrds as traitors to tiieir principles and their no cause for slsrm ?That reaeiable Mother of States saw bor laws acltoa. It would be apmUltary byW^.penaltyunparalleled troth. I submit them, with the request tbat you ries, thus Insultingly beaped upon her, she Is pro-surethat itwould bepossibie' for us carefully w.peacewould bo but halfdid I failespeciallyoffidelitymIn subatance. From th< isaaa of concurring mlorma- sequences tbat may reauit from the courae which menta of tbe fundamental law of the land, which lawayaldeiraplora your peo-TflE P«LtTlCAL VUlSU.BLBS. together upon the dngle Idea of hostility to the domestic institutloDs of their biethem of the IperceiTe,In»recentUsueoftteTnos,An South,themembeiaofwhichtiavaabandonedall litida cUdinx the BepnbUcan pirty for being be- the political prlncip'ea of a Ufofhne, and forgotten halfH^^^'oftheirfellow-cltixensoftheITorthem allpastjllterenees,hiordertomakecommoncausebad men to ontrafe and crime, and tightens thsibonds of tlie slata^In spite of the deplorable lessons that are taughttenacity and firmnsoa, than the whole questiov^)n^koldipc^Qfmeeting!slresdyaib rarOHUnionjnatlyitsaWe aoggeationa indorsed in writfaigby sixty-sersnexists.Georgia alone could afford profitable employmentwhieb, prsosnllarger tkaa that of tksstx pilaoipelslata-or, (iil^f^l^lik- thefintI*,tocaatofffromthem-ttta odium of a nupected loyaltr{|nkl'1&«t(bsde4p>edforoneoftwo objacu—hoUlag States of tfea old eaafsisraer aad aqaal to Theydenounceitasansril andacrime,amon- memlieisofthelateCongressfromthsKortliam toafourthmorethanahealreadyposaessos. And one-atxthoftkaeattieMpalattonoftheUnitedlitataa.At4koBoagasXaotlag,*aWadaeedayevaijac^lijlfif ^I^VMk»Ltihi ftitwi.Trht-*- rr-T aiiansta the more con-aaitaUwelemenuoftheirpartrandredocait t«a«tMrityla tile coming stection*. Sacondl;, to(•Mihe Booth ctist ihey diaapprore certain fontM? bloody traosaciiona recently enacted apon theaafl of Virginia, and that, aa a party, they enter- and madden ita will ? Doea it not give argumenta tain ab aentiaiant tiiat may he joatly regarded aa and motives and moral power to crazy enthaaiastaUnion meetinga of the iliii III 111 Mill 1i|lil. mil Till a nf you of the nae of your column* for thatin this bom-of tntsaio enUaUat 'Brows has the I h«Te BO inteiast in the politics of your people paidwhat I should feel as a citizen of the Un- kn. I an a natire and resident of Georgia, a State which I proudly, and without hesitation, claim to be the most conserratlTe of all her South-beyoad— should be ern siatera iC indeed, any;excepted, iotth or South. Her course hss erej ,beea con-ton of the of the of inability legislative departmentthe Government lo assume the form necessary for'waaLE-TTILB TEOM XZ-FKaSIDKBT TA> BDIUEa JlHD gaged far beyoad the point to which the originitl tioned and upheld by tint Coastftatloa, than era*l"'T'^rt atiaight-forwaid, manlye«ar y«t prOTcd false to any Rtipnlation,ezpresaed or kkpMed, in the Ftuieral compact. For ten yearsthealienation of S'nto from Si.iie, and friend from family,;;excitement arising from the strife about questions of composureAt the Union meeting in Albany, on Thuraday Slavery haa thua acquired freah and peculiar force fenslve IntermeddHng with vour alfalrs tand she hasthe discharge of its constitutional functionsKX-OOTZUOB HTin.yen haaror mote, I have sustained a relation to publicaffiiniB tlie South that has afforded me every fa-^^Qj^.forcoizect informatioa regarding the senti-l)ifsitiofOUTpeople. Forthesameperiod,aiyou people,tobousedagainstthelivesandpropertyot yttH ki>0w, I luTe oppbsad, uniformly and without their uno(r.-nding brethren. All these troublesgravest nature to the best and dearest Interests of thewhole What is to be the effect of this dis- countiy.been directed tbem aad agaiasttheir domaatic iiisH-itaal,and Ibeg myhastlmnghout yoor botdeia,dsmn-theinstitntionThe of Btateal n.,toUETRBB raox sx-PUBtDxar naaoamate, STcry form of uitraism that has take th< ir oii^;in in the public agitations againstresaoosopeaadlffareat fromthoseof a cha- footlsf parttianracter, (roB which I have loss felt consuained to sb-aeat myaeU, there ars also vaUd excuaea for a man of Ing Statea. 'Those ef our Southern brethren who Itons as ike dlsruptloaof this Ualon wonM be lo all seveaty-seven years, who prefera to avoid large have B« other desire than to cultivate relalkms of parts, can we not see how men of tbe South may he crowds, which you will, X am sure, klndlj permit me frieudthlp and eonfidanos with the North and be- orivea not to regard It as the most dire calaauty that to plead on this occasioa.tremblinglyaald and dene hereThey regard the tnnaaciiona at Harper's Ferry aa conailluUDg of themselvea, aad without enforcement, an appeal to the aon-alavcholdiag Statea for the dec- lanUon of their vlewa upon flie subject, and more especially to thia State, aa they were eonducted bytit^head among us, discountenancing at allSlavery by the politicians, the presses and themaygradual,much, shall receive on the part of the non-slavehold-thooght and suggestion oi a political dbrapHon, as etiicidal in its effects, and unjustifiedI ais«iyin the ofa State,andthe historyfew candid words of truth and soberness to the yiaaaot ^onoiant party at the North ? I have nosport;but shouldapprehensionsyeMMiS eads to accomplish, no feeling (o gttlSfj, BO motive but truth and the 'demns the owner oi the brute aagaiiityLarge people the cities of New-York, Troy and Rochester, haveof<- vanity best inter- oar common country. It seems to me that 001 good old Federal Ship is nearing a gulf whereIs it to be wondered at, that the South should take these things to heart, and grow indifferent to toeliaaigehercourseendspreadhersailsonmora thosewhoarethusregardlessofherrights,feel,still find ourselves beset sober realltlea byof professed friends, bound to^us by a boa<lUm oWi-,esta<^gies of a right-minded people.What will become of Northern trade and manu-facturcs when the day I have foreshadowed shallbe able totbo New-Tork, Philadelphia and Boston, when gauntformed their duties m regard mostthat is dear to us may be wrecked ^ai I desire to do what I can, in my humble way,iftrfduBfAll of theas movetaeats are la the right dlrectlai, cannot fall to be extensively useful, and will, at the;prapitioas sess. Before I get through, having ings and safety ?AoWB tbe teal nature of the danger that besets US, I sball call on you. Sir, to join me and giva TOtir powerful ^d in this patriotic work.While I am ready, with heart and hand, to sec. ood any horuLfidt movement for the restoration ofLavearrived? Withhowmuchof will pride youleast, aatisfactloa to the warm hearts of carryaad the preservation of our beloved Union,that thelace shall arise fromevery cityout for themselves ; cessary to clrcumstaaces, juyt appre- when we consider that most, perhaps all. of them aretogiay^lya for its safetyits impending fate and say the old I would Roman, though,deploreaeusttiu sense to any member of the Bepubiican we have a class offri^d FRANKLIN Messrs. A. Sanbora, G. L. Bo. nton, A. P,JPartf,but simply as an illustration of an honest motives I shall iiotimpugn,but who, like certain!cause." po'.iii-i.insUnfortunately,ponsibleI intand the fable in no of-to "hear mo forple myto either 01 us, our interest In the matterPIEllCB.bepreachers of the North, and their attempts to make of years, but it will surely come. One generationisbut aworld. This is not the less true from the fact that well-being of those who are to come after us willit appear hateful and criminal in tbe eyes of thespanby any emergency, existing or likely to arise. Inxiew of theee facts, moat of which are known toJOB panODaliy, may I not Im allowed to speali a selves. A man may turn his mad bull into lbs people.The views have youtween all the States, analive to what Is may by posslbilltr befall them TrerulU ate condemned by the agitators them-not be overlookedaby justuponthia allengrossing subject.we not well that if the hand of topeoaitloa, to say, lacaadlarystreets from mere wantonness orthe work of death at o«r ments which aeldom fall to precede thoae eventa, we one of her citizens. masses of our in can erect barriers of protection, rather thitn la tiiovehis neighbors be gored unto death, the law con-spirit—that can claim the attention andLot the so-called "Conservative Republicans" oftbe North make the application, and ponder welltbe ofquestion responsibility.portending greater danger to the imlon of tbe Statea under which we have ao long proipered, and through the influence of which our beloved country has been raised to her high poaitloa among ths nattona ef the earth, thanhaa ever before threatened her.Tbe extraordinary traasactiona at Harper's Ferry, which are to be the subject of yourdcUberatloos, faactedmy opIaloB, have righUy conceived and worthily per-gatlons of which we have striven In sat In Vrar peacefaithfaUy to fulfiUf While we hope for a ealaaevspirit and tomperato counsels to tho south, U will bawell not to that bitter hardforget laaguags, cpltbeta,crtahiatioos and recrlatoatioM, betweea ui at the North, satisfy no maa's jodgaeat, reach no bihPs conscience, and can t>e productive only of evU.country not merely just alarm, hut iatense evaspera- tion T Tbe evil has apnug frota ameng as, mad hero must the remedy be found ia an laproved tone of public sentiment, based upqa a firm purpose of oW- dlence to law. aadI have thus sketched, asas Iobjectto point out a remedy.accomplishedIn doing so, I may suggest mind of the in itswetoand hamlet on tion derivea from these various sources, it is only ne- thote citisens have thua markeda!! reqauw- the ccrier-stooe upoa wtilch rests the security efnothingpublicNorth,select two thetp ciatiOB of Hhich will give to the whole atair its true membera of a political association which is la pos- and life.aad ofpennit me to say, frankly, that under the circum- present distempered condition, will approve or yourcoast ?God grant that thismaynever bepublic ijl>erlypc^scnal reputatioa, property ,tcntk.' Nor do I moan to impute to the Bepubli- of your own restless spirits, "are ever engaged in per.'fctly billing to leave this question with thespect to the adequacy of Beovs's means, so far as they were, by soaie, made an objectloa to their ^tend-have been disclosed, no doubt caa exist that the de- arce. If it did not suit their iaterests or tastes tosign of the military invasion, of which he was the meet under such a call, why hare they not assembledleader, waa to excite and support aa insurrection oi by themselvea and exjH-eseed tlielr unreaerved opia-lieaas a to perpetuate discord and destroy the work of and threatening dis inion, wiEO, thinking, calculating heads of the businessderign agitation,the Qovenunent. I do not believe that ihey h ir- blood and thunder, until many of you have comeGnmncxvmen of New-York, for solution. Has no testimony in their boaoma. I have to Jo to regard us as a race of blusterers, without the already transpired, in advance, to the truth of myYour favor of the i3i of Drcem-'s.- did not reach me for some days after Its dtite. Havingbor such awith results—wiihexisting causes—andters not what impulse may have brougj^t thoss have thoy ever been the true exponents of the sen- nnd, I may add, most worthy firmstbe sJaves in Virginia, which was to tie extended ions upon the subject ! Tlwy any that they disap- declined several similar InvitatloBs, It will not De topurposeand toate the fruits of such iDsunectlon, if auccessful, iaeffects of to tbe statesman it mat-appropri- the CoBstiliitloa which hadmy power to attend the Uaiaa meeting to be held at Bargoron Tbe llth inat.thelegitimatespirit of resistance or the slightest intention of—this CityThey knew as well aa we knew thatliarm. I have never belonged to that classthe past week, one of the strongest, most popularthe for way providedfeel otherwise Tthose who haveence of Slavery in some of the States an objection to press ny views on the subject which now escansea into action. This is the only fair and prac- timents of our people. And, just here, a wordtical way of dealing with great questions o'. nation- on their favorite tojiic. I have never advocated c'etks, on account of the absence of their accus-al coneem. I care not what a man intends to do a dissoluti.in of the Union, being uuable to biing;aapuitet* eat lo otiiera.Ijiey wiU not b&/ controverted—let us consider for that the Somh, in the exercise of the revolutionarya iniwtsiil what possible good is likely to result to right possessed by all freemen, {aot constitutional,ortoprevent. Hismotivesarehisownbe in their case, aa member of the regretted everylioldiiigadOitioQtotbeslavcawhomhewaaenabledto arm, isatleasttoour — rightsthe con- my rulnd to see wherein such a measureof his act form the real matter of inter- would remedy any existing grievance of the firm is kno%vn to hold sound, constitutional views.;equal—the moat direful fora—With these premises settled and I apprehend It is a dangerous mistake, though, to supposeholding such opinions and avowing such determma-tryhssbeengreatlyInflamedbytheexpressloasoCaad not. by hurtful nostrums and quack- ery poieoaitiOrby inert mixtures keep open thewholeambition than to seemement'a doubtgrievonaly misunderatood, uncbangmbladetermlnatiOB to protect It lattsCoa-tfie case ;love for the and aa Uiil<»,W. B. Shaw, onwhoee modaoHon. B. H..TTX»a waswayt• thefHBdbaolatioBHoder existing malady.Ooverament sademn aa any ever man. to stand eachPresidents Secretoriea. Judgef-.e Chair, addressed the meeting at coasidereWsfathers care, in a pecuniary sense, for the Stamp ctaM o^azifltiiig troubles that it is the political Act and the contemptible duty on tea. A gallantexchanged pledgee, given byas sol- bysouls. Thestasttityofthatsentliiwnthaabeende-iNt —«4I tiwiB that they, tkemelveM, are theto themselves and their coun-other m a struggle for theirmonstrated oa every occaalOBon which it could bewhich that has sown o({aidxation they composesmarting tnidrir a sense of andinjustice views serious attention, if areIng in terms o< severity the raid of Jobs Baewx, andpeople,tbe seeds of the cancerous malady that ia now wrong, seldom stop to count the cost of theiryour and, they right, to impress them upon the minds and hearts of your readers 7in ita actual prosecutioo. In Its auccsae Individuals, and sometimes great commanltles^ aU acts of sympathy with the'crlme or the crlaiMksad hi the eeaaeqnenrea of its triumphant con:laslaD. have occasionally, under the intuenca of exdtod aiid asserting that the North, almcat as a uait,1>iep''e- Tht-y aie descendants, moreover, of tnose great and passions or sbort-sighted views of separate Interests, cated all vio'.eot and offensive Intel feroaee with (hethe vitals of the Union and threaten- ing its dissolution. They who suppose ditterentlymovemc nts in dollars and cents. as Forbiddingpreying upongoeu men, tiie represeniaUves of the same States, pcen led to count the value of the Union and to men- matitutions of the South.the prcspect may appear, they may well resolve gioaaly ilsroBetma existing sentiments at the that their permanent' good conaiats in a firm re-with whom ttioEc to whoae rii^bts and duties we haveIn tbe coastruc-ace its dtssolution, but they have Invariably beenLetters In to Invitotlons were received responsemisconceptionof the trtip causesestrangement. No. Jon.v for present troubles. As Ijefore stated, the Be-and sheregardstheprincipleourwhole have, during that period, lived ia peopleFtatoR, N. Y., Wedaesday,Jan.'• ISfiO. . j-publicanabotkMlssure the slaveholders of the South and be forever too late. It costColanitf, unt'er the matrimomal heal, apaesaa tha " ',the mistakenwoold-be frjsnds of the slave at the North. Never ance with thetry, whilst cv<r>thiog portends a worseher reason of the' existence by^ ^ ., ,friend and obedleat servaat,'cco^etiriiT upsetbefon Is all our tiistory was so favorable an op- of thisboon of his own freedom •those terms she is willing to maintsin honorably, religiously, and, if need be, with hermore, and will anbmit''Is there not in sttikinf circumstance fSod for reflection ?spirit andThe difficulty lies notI tetpet to see,—as the Bepnblicans and,impossibleupon princirjle opposi-Mr. Jarriaaos, tothe impor-bride's!philanthropytbeplaced uponof the institution within her bordersstarting ground of its desdatiiig coarse—'tatleaaea,y'our cenceoftbebride'sfather,Baar-iaaigBawsoSi^oroa-many others at the North, eeom tothe of the Union, and in every otheraad dutiesthiaaakadIn a belief at thethat permit ac>npiiooe—oosrdd of JoRB Baownsiiioaiely regret will aot me toit^buttheybelongtothatclasswho,whileiigairut Slavery mutt cease Itaion, common justice and good sense alike de-she and injurious to nobodyaad ooa- stant fileadof the Natioaal Coloalxatiao Social,of;thisConstitution,mtoistcrllw got throughSouth, or make securer any imperiled interest-—The case presented for our conslderatloa is thus tiona, be monstrous to approve ai:d scarcely less so sympathy at the North. I know of no adequatehome tell me of a movement of the Presidents of all iilisifcrns They seem to me to be conceived in a but Tttolulionary, and, consequently, the answer tho Boutheni railroads to combine in the erection total misconception of the real cause of embarrass- must be arrn«, not argument,) cannot be driven of proper works, at some central point, for thethePainiifmintheseproposedBepublicandemon- assomeofourNorthernbrethrenseemto— denly and stealthily, the ananmbered and unapeaka- the Presidential election. It shall become obvious tion of the States can ha maeh longer averte^llilUjliyabody,isqniry into the causecpontencting or removing it altogether. Nsw, I do it deliberately. But it ahould be recollected shopsand howfoundries snd work-;.andthat ascertained, by'would think well and pause long before ahe wouldtocompletion,manyty ef roanners, kindness of dlspctitlos, loveof coun- try, and respect for [private and public virtue.To the apsreciate fullyof concillaUng the support of some twenty thousand elect(.<lsm this State who clierish extreme opinions 00 the subject of Slavery, gomg far beyoad their own. opiuions which, if tltfy could oe made to prevailMessrs.Com. of Arrangements.,ackoosriedge that the Bepnblicans are the true that the public mind ia not always calsa and com- physieiaBS, if not the only ones, in the case before petent to well-considered action. 1 ahould trem-—us. Their laboratory contains the sure remedy let ble forguiltythethem not make a mistake and get tbe wrong and avowed enemy to her institutions—such ascome to minister to the sufferer.Letthemgotoworkontheirpatisiuupongenuine Theovertactofhostilitymightnotbecommitted,ple,But I will not dwell on thiaanarchytbeysponatbility to the people of this State and Unloa. Of the reauit of saeb a dlaclosure, no man who ksoarawhenscientific principles, and alter a full diagnosis ofMr. Sewabd, of your State—to thephvsictheyPresidency.was filled to tn>a the commenceneat ef oraftowiag1 have Baothaadttie eaases that brought them about. fcistance to all aggressions on their rights, at any your indulgencefar, I fear too far,but allow me a word, in concla-succeeded united, many Tears later.Ta^nftr the deep alienation and settled resolve present sacrifice. Trusting to the justice of theirstruggle;agala In that of tho Uartford Cmivention men, andattempted by the gallant State of South Carolina, to Addresses were also ma(Te by Hoa. Iliarsv Baxn-(therewho suppoeethey offifteen Southerntheyheaven to conduct themrely righteouswhich the entire Republican machinery re-is no excitement, and are mistaken cause, cast the die and on afool-hardytrouble.are,it totaiaUon :—all mo-tion of the States composing the Coofcderacy, aa long mentous occaaloBS, occunJng at long intervals In the IXGTOlf, of Ibis place, all of which were eloq'irnt andexist,)invaaisn of Johhplatedas it and the Government to be established uader its a and each an exi- tbe and a series. of resolutions were unan-States BaowN uponsafely through everyand distracted aa we I volves. I shall say bat little, and that little plain-WTif, of Syracuse, and K. K- S.iifroED and A.' Pf. Lui>-consequencesthe election of an opencome home to theofquestions of the Northern;nor—by piepared aaUclpatioagonebefore us never made theC^t-I have toolatelyhad apublic opportunityto ex-but the insult, the wrong, the prineiplt of oppres-sion and degradation would be there, and historywarns us that the Revolution itself was begunand fought on a principle. But little did our and happy. I have already written enough for thewhich our aaceatore, at the gloomiest period thishas ever seen, entered iato an alHauce, on be- half of this State, oSe&aive aad defeasive, for theirtemper people Dr. ; If they have aot been neatly and e'doek. The aeettog was called to order bvto thetbe soil of Virginia, or even to the indorsement of trust centuries will have rolled their round before ly, because I wish it easily read and clearly un-Unhappysuch a cup shall be presented to any portion ofhie bonibte crime by a few fanatical and crack-Inained eathnsiasts in the Northernhand,latab «l>d the circumstances of lus signal failure a!:d I trust they will apply it speedily, lesfit shall spectf, of her sister States. She brought Slavery torting vortex of party poUUca.-passed off In the most hsppyStates, is a of their pres-thisgreatandprosperous country.East and West, as it has ever been, and under whichwith renewed and resistless energy, when the Union was eerioualy thrsalaaed.and efficiency of^whlchwe have so loae felicitatedoursclvee, and whieh we have so often held up for following rlugular notice: Mxaaus—By Bey, loaaaadatdissatisfactionatjdB«0W» met with a speedy, disastrous, and merited of the North have it in thair ownupon which shestandsasworthmoretoherthantheUidon. She prospeiityandpeace,andwould,withoutdoubt,havestart,But I was proceeding to point out tho remedy tion,Il,maypride, but what is that when weighed in the bal-Ferrymovementbecomewhenwecallto mind the chareeter and conduct of the State choeea as thethe thepeace, tranquillity, existence;Union.upon the peaceful inhabi- If we ate to have parties, let th.-im be formed on immnnity privilegethe tie now taken place aantagetanU of Virginia UP9ltiMi, much lees a majority, of our Northernbnthren. Ws believe no suchentertainment of such a suspicion would ba hor-sumed, through the same instrumentality,From that period onward ber repreaantativee in tliaen>tths conditlOB of affaire ao presentpeculiarwill have this swoid bead of your bed at your service."approved by any considerablequestions that concern the true glory and great-Beacetorihyouthing, and the veryrible Indeed. A few have approved and applanded all sections can take alabor, which mayor moral 8<nsa of others.prejudice She demands perfect.asbut toherself, justof the tradede-his heartfelt remarks, and so It eaded.are hi the habit of ihcy receiving certain special aucii-Tills positionregardstiaaqnUUty" whlah the Coaattnatioa afeDad to awmre,Untea aad the poaee'of-the,U|Ma ahould became ai.d Suei, te ttae'Eut tadUa, CMoh, MaurltJas,aad as weraia reality, theyat the hXAWpaoptsatiargeaaa (•ontrolUng ora^itatotaSouth,have ;av Ciar, lor many yeare preaUad, VirgfaU«iUrlotIntbe BoDgKong, China, AustiaHhiAf sliy otoer pla-e'te;sigh', of high heaven, rightmaintain itdays af wamaona, when mutual confiiaace,the shave meatlnBadland) by way of SoMhampCoB aad Sues, wHl baSrtespon- and who excitepolitically, morally, and in thejudicialfirmly, at every cost, and to tlje sod.forsulu of which were striUaaly and to ths slavs-owa- eneftfaeCeBnoBwealth,SiaaeiaMy la^tod -Smies, rruitpaalosandplaces (edStm-,'of outsandJirraason, teems with well-directed and sia-Lst organization,andatonce. Everystepgreat ircpublic don theirIhcm aban-tory, fromTon andgiilorly effective eflbrts to soppresfl and preveat therevival of the foreign Slare-trade. to ameliorate thecondition of the alavea. (descendants of thoee left tothe care of her people by their ancealora,} and to re- to be beld at the Capitol to-morrow evanbag,of union. This is the and these tho terms, with which she cams lay violent hands -upon his master and accept tbe been narked by evil to every portion of the coun- in as toembcrs of the great political family. Thatportunity presented for a successful rebellionand yet, not a stditary slave could be induced to of itsthe piogross, from ita Inception till now, has spirit,orcompactC. W. Whanahead. It werewith a party organizedfor it to bestrictenl Assembty, by prohibitsaaetloaof all hiTiiad as vritoeeaea,a long-cherished andof indispensableblood.to nothing less. common territorymmwtuckto Invade tho of our sister States, or rightatly preseaeeauthorize yoo, ay dear irlfe, tosword in my breast la case you find ae unTalthfoI toness of the nation—on iasoenmode of conducting the do.nes'ic andtions of the Govemment, and in which citizens ofA 'and,tions tn he rightdone,e walefcwerdof true AMArteatl £bo every—.!includingraox »X-OOT. HCST.Locxron, Wednesday, Jan. II, ISM.involvingand aaaldaous Insomethingpet*adelusioa.destiny otherwisethe extension of Slavery As earlytation of alaves into that colonydrewhia swardf^om the aeahbaH, and gtvbig it toto the *' hand,(aid.in ofallthereaaseabled, Iaowthe foreignbest rela-part. TAi» agitation erjualiti/in every respect.Ikcbsasc or ma PoRAoa okKi eooBtiT,sadnatonthatharaiaayaad"domestlo sMSfIDTOTBIEisilasiBB,CaxMa,**>"The South, theFrnm an inereaaeja Um Brltlah puffiin apoa aew»that it is founded on the there can bo no Constitution, and has been sustained by every de- never been dlgnifio.! jieace I The South believes and feels her institu- partment of the Federal Government, legislative,paperssent frcnEnflasd,to w».tfooutoaapvaatioas from a similarly dii.ninutive band of counler- ruaiu! Ituntil it is;—as she ioteods to such,—and she doea not ask;strong smu andIn its recent history, unhappily thia agitation still —le^aest or asggettiaa oOer Ihaa own aoaa. wbUst aha atood at tbe haad •( lascontiBnea. TheBepobUeanPartyBtUtffc'fKelr public BTowali of tttachment for against ua. In ita very nature such a party must 8'»»e>T organiiation—etni exlstsi bold, defisnt, de- Booth haa the slightest idea of carrying Slavery ofefaaagtoglter <ftaraeler Ik dial nspect—aatfAcl^iUoa, an<Hirglng them to enter the field in Its be sectional and disorganizing, aa no aaneman can termihed, wlthotit abatement of its hostility or its into any of the Territories of the Union, where wMlst thefgnnattoa aa< BdopUaa Federal Cooetttutlea wsra la aad,M«U'.,esd deuooatriite, by a public ezpreasloa, be expected to perpetrate the fo'ly of seeking to plans, in poeseeeion of tbe Ooyemment of nearly it does not slresdy exist. There Is a higher law prabtMlttr, derigsed to allay Mrprregerhoaeia,itonokerp dowa such jealotuleS and Hi-blood as thlin|tpwKiaJM'«kHna,hM« ttk«i '•eeulaa t»«z- South, but must, of necessity, breed discord, heart- (ive Halls at Washington. Avils publicatiott, ito stem dscraoe. I kaow of none in which tho exteatofber ooDSOeaeo ia the nutiesaad IL ,t^Mif tidaUty toitM Coaatitatioa and Un« of the abridge his own social and political privilsgee. It every Northern State, snd marshaling^ts forcas to tlian legialatOTS can enact that forbids ita introdue-Aaaiabwflf jtafoiMcm sMmbai* of Coo. not only cannot receive cooperation from th* take possesaion of the White Huose and LsfisU- tioD, and oar people have no dooiro to encoontarder which the aaw Ulnstraf couatroyf laSirs,—^i*•a cmlom- bj the Bepubli-social alienation, if not a total disraptlonbreathing laroluUoa andSouth, is stniek off by your Prsaa and circulatedcanif I did, we have none to spare in the Statea whereaf her sister Slates who were sboat to bcoeao •laveholdloaStates. Oatoftheteniterr Bon-eslavrb<DMlIBnc Stales have baen fbnaed, the aggia-gatae popaolaatUioB of at lIbse bnvimone-thttdMllMiilif^lMeH^atiiai ttoj^an iiibdeal to the Union.buminga,of tbe tie* tbat bind ua together.slangliter againat theslaveprosper aad be profitably employed, andfig«»iC«i> rapaaiale,Slavery, which no place in American yoiUica, tliay have made, for yeara, to monopolize the jpolitlcal boardaby thousands——wninrliBETiNo,to accomplish thia great work of Southern prog-I admit the force of the WmUt heaitUyfor necessity,aot esUrely, controlled by the treatzneat whica this tbe same extent amen&bie.-and by which each /tiouldThe consummationand the workposepositive injusctios In yevand conaidsrate Nor will the South enter upon this work in atakes of (be present perfloas coocliUoii of public affairs are, I fear, too well founded, aad presert strong grounds for ttia gravest on the part of every good clUzea. Making a due aUowsoee for the near approach of a PreslclenUal election, aad for the factious excite-If we of New-Englaaa move ta this roi^Hmo- and her self-respect tbe highest considerationsofof murder. tives, but in defence of her firesides, her bionorcould, stalksgin of thu troubles that have coma upon us. Hy risively upon their Corinthian columns and tower-prtseiited for our coiulderatlon la a form not commoa to other subjects of public discoseloa. All aceoonubrieflydeplorable state of our national affairs, aad the ori- Povertytheir streets and smiles de-number of citizens of not less respectability, b&viaging grandeur—— aelvea,fromtheirfilcndaorfromtheiraccusers agreeproceedings.revenge,unworthycontemplatepalacesretnady for isTlevaaee^ oughly sifted. In oi^e very material respect thej are have named there were a great, perhaps an equal this moment are exriting in eae great portiea ef thsinous ofa and muttcrin^s hungrydesperate popu-oughtsuppressour ofthe con- apprehensionsor with othertcn.cd business from the South—a result much toanticipated accessions from those ia the non-slave-in aseveral lettera fram tbe most reliable privatebut in all movements the innocent great publicmust suffer with the guilty, the true question to bethe character or SHfUcieiiey of hlsreasoDifor auch ex- pectations, ft is not my purpose to speculate.notwithstanding, ^^'ould it not, on the of men, partinwbichthe curae of war can be visited upoa a eaoa-determined i)eing:tolook with mdifference upoa an attempt to take the lives of tbe inbabitaats ol any one of these States for a cause which tbay are themselves not oaly willingmethod by which the fatal teadency of this sttte of things can he conatoraeted, and that good will be- tween tbe different secUoas of the country be re-ponder,andOcDce; a stioggle most gierlons la its objects, ral Constitution.of the Fededeiiouno-aoai^ to lAtaifita b toprapaied tnalBlalBft in tte lasttcaoit,who are the real authors of theDothlng'lcsa than the attempted execution of a designlong eatenaiaed, devised with all the care aad cir-cumsptcUon that contemplated ciime permits, andadopted after the fullest deliberatloa, to inflict, autl- butfirmly resolved to overlook! If, between this and stored—without which It la impoaaible that a separa-evil that has come us ? advices from upon Mya pure Antl-I am net aware (hat any sensible man at theboMtogSlates of tlwConfederaey,wllhoQtapnengagetbe ener-upoa ttds view of those tranaactlooa, aad, tasuppose,bering more than eight mlUlons of soulsment to the country. The body politic, like the into a disruption of hsr political ties with the manufacture, at home, of all their machinery, of tlea t^n whom there perhaps exist not under Heavea eflect the same result that was secured bv the speech tldnking aad right-feellng man.wlien diseased, can only be cured by , North. She loves the work of our fathers, and every description. Let this movement go forwardpointothers, of equal extent, more widely or more justly of their conceded leader at the city of Rochester, distinguished for hospltailtv, personal probity, ameni- Immediately preceding the election of 1S5»—thatI remain, geatleaon, very respectfuUv yonre, EDWARD EVERKrr.•at tho North will it orsl(Jp seriouslyembar- rass, and how many honest laborers will it turn out of employment and deprive of the means for anBNION MEETING AT3b Ike Mditar t^tk* Ntm-Yerk TiSMsN. Twhonest subsistence? Theae areSouth, upon whom aad upoa whose faniiiles these vlala of wreth were to be poured. These latter arepartisan otjecta, they have folded their arms and seen the Union drifting to destrucUoB, and the country toOne of the largest and most respectable meat, logs ever beld In this village was oonvesel, last <great iMxiyand I leave to them the answer.none other than the descendants of the worthythe reoeat TIr-''It haa no charms for a man who feela that "fhisto future emancipation as a certain event—with the character and of that caa feel a ttw meeting, at 7H o'clock, until Its close, at IW<is hia own, and who has no country higherevery portionhoneet, sensible, patriotic men of the North towithprofittry. Uay I not beg of you, Mr. Editor, to give theselibertyiitdepen.tested, that has arisensince theadoptionlength, taking high(xAservatlvegrounds;already trespassed ;apondriven back into the fold which they essayed to leaveilon and adopUon of a Federal CoasUtutloa, which by the general sentlracnt of ttie country. So it was DicxmsoH, Ei-LIeutenant-Governor lUvuoss anasion, upon tbe subject of Slavery, as it relates to the Territories, which seems to be the great axishad become necessary to the full enjoyment of thein the case of the highly gifted and ill fated Bcaa,many others,allthe aad ex- right spirit,tiponthe coatinuance of that iastlttition ia a por-came Into the Confederacy aa the equal, in all re-,of into the Union with her, and had no disabilityMors aggravated aUll doea the atrocity ef tbe Har-tbe admlratioa and inallatlon ef the world, prere tohave beea a wretchedI am" M. VAN BUREN. To Hon. Jobs V. I» Pasra and others, Coramlttee, *o.UaowK, Presby teriaa minister, at toe vtOage MtUw-ofmarket, township Whttabineh, C.W., attteirMi*contrary,the ef WAaaiss- generationmentals, GwUllmbury,sash,tliat peo-of thepart picture.to the it was recognized and protected inthe ancient and honorable Commonwealth of Virginia, whose tila-to, in full scarlet Orsnge Brigade Drna.ll^ef, regi-She asks nothingAs her lighU in respectsatiroad,attemptsviolau anyfrom the Federalmy private engagemeotasecured by the Constitution, never to tolerate a discrimination against her on account of her system of domesticor she has resolvedthe fanltatioB. It would alrord raepleasure to nnlte with the petriotle people of Albany,of all partleo; In glvlag utteiance to those prlactplisof andnatlaaal which seemedveryfeelluglyImpressedontheexecutive andher slaves tbe kindest tnataaat—ths r» happysewspaoere Bailed la the addrastad^be distasteful to theNatioaal Legislatore were uniformelfoita to procure an early suppressionbv Conxreas, aad their Suta Sovsmmaat aad their people have, ever alnee, eet their facea Uke HmuWAsarasTos, and ber moat disttanished adoa.Hxii-coDiaUadoa,foi«aaranceunity, emphatleailyof itcountryCflaomon security, cstatiushed a Confederated stltuUeoal tategrity, are the master passteasof theirhelpprosperouschosen President, vrlth the nsnal nnmber of flatyand Tnaa, on takingsMaaiMient of Northern societynoalktcCaaiilifamongtuthanpityforthsirmad- thattheNorthshslleitheradoptorapprovethem. For.tbepresent,sheplantsherselfupontheCon thefactathat,ootwlthitsaillagthssUUAiUy4sTlaa< Whatrrerdlfhceaoos ofopialaa mayoxitf te ccnUeadi-prepayaeBttaitatred.—tFsshagtoalt».Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentoolveo itself into one ol 'hearts." Might becomes the sibiter, andUtOod protect the right.atroua wroog t» httinaqity, and a stain on the na- Ststes, with one of whom ids associates ars now then, again, the North has every advantage in a It was ta fall view of aoteoadents Uke these tkat the followlag letten, Ikoa Ex-Prealdeat PtaMa aai bebra»«lsDMothatSlatewasmi4s. Tholalsataftional escutcheon. What muct be tbe efisct of attempting to organize the popalar branch of that competition for the settlement of tlie Territoriaa, tbattaoTeaoBtwastolarlhoajteat iko gnat eaa- boat Mr. Esviu Emad, w«« rasd:suchapartyandrachapolicyt Canitactiother- body—andI fearIhsywillsncceed. Iahouldnot andIhavenotttieslightest doubtbatthatallwe •erratlTOptiaeiplothat aUrsrybiaStat*isaeoes-Lim>reoMtr-rutamnramnm.Hav-Taaa:. Daa. *" "vyise than to Inflame the piiblic mind of one sec- tion snd goad to desperation that of the other ? Does It not buHd up fanaticism, atrengthen its armsomit the additionsl fact, that a Senator from yourown Stale (with wtiich we hold the great body ofour commercial interconne,) whs lias left ao stonetmtnmed to degrade and blacken the character of week's notice. There is, then, ao neceoaity nast throw iato the baekgrooad every pte- aext, uA I regratthat Aa asaraoai of UM dar ar L_ tbe South, who has boldly avowed hia disregard of for our exclusion, and tlis attompt to do eztatlag issue imoB tbe aobjeet Wbatber er aot ft ts depanmeforoDaof the Bahamas Iilaaili. liiitofw"kertte,.t»har safety,Ulltoii il|>ti Tbeformv qa««tioa i» one of tense of duty or some malign purpose, may feel with the view of prostituting the supreme judicial posed to the Constitution, but a pataitons, wan- whom that point can oaly aad ooghtto bo settloi, a» laeednotsaythat ao eanis less tmperatlsalKM lhw«tecalb«aiiDg, aniitiifataif»tomy por- dispcatd, like Joan Bbowm and bis confederates, to tribunal of the land to the ends of Abolitiooiam, ia toB and uncalled-for indignity, nbTeraiTe of the qaestloBSwhfrlesehly aiialog under tho ConstitAttea. u re* that ahich exists ooakl ladueo aw to Isasa MewA^-,qtectto everyetHzeahatarighttoforaaaad leadataperiodofsomuehdaagertooareaiuln'< yaMMMlWDaa ft«8 aa isana between dtixeaa ef work out their principles to these legitimate prac- still honored by the confidence of ths greet State comity and gaod-feeliag that shonld subsist be- express bis osiaions, bnt they canaat, in the astore of aadatamoBwatWheaeaasMetaWiM patriotteMs'iMlBalfc Tha latter prdpoeltion, thoogb, par- tiMa'at a patjpnit concern,- and la peculiarly atical lesulu? Whether so regarded by the B«;ub- of New-Tork, grseted with shouts whenever he tween members of the eama politlcsl fsmily, and thbga, ooattns to oeeapy tiM phUie niiad ostll tae o( 4ttenat paitltoel eigaalnlloas ate appareaHr'crlmlaal aammptlaB acted upoa at Harper^ Fertr ia oeDcentretlac their atranath for oa* oataeaxrtraBto licana or not, it is a solemn, incontrovertible truth. appears in pnblic, and ia a prominent aspirant for detnanding the sternest realatanee of the iajured efrectuallv aoppreaaed. Tble ilgiu ef —-'"-ir Slav- to overthrow laaaUeal seefiOBallsto, wS»evertt"^Kthct Inquiry ftydjaof pqy aectlqn.and ct>mmant amoiig the peo- I deiire to offer aome refiac-JuB« BaowN rscognized it and no doubt his dis- the position of Chief Bnler ol our people and yours. ;—psrty. Tbe South docs not expect to go to ttie ery waa etalned in Tlrgtnla, sad aa attempt oiade te maaifesu Itadf la aatogoataa —It ttiii riasslltoliinow have will ooms into the Union aa Free Btatee. We have little or no aoiplaa population, while the North can colonize by thouaands at athe doetrlae that Stavaiy Is adewerlasalagiio,faBsd«leoks8tabUah magal- tode as te devnlve on any one who ta wnilag te Akabar intaieata or bar conatl- and wicked conspirators, who, from a mistaken law and a purpose of changing the Coiutttation it, oadsr the circumstsncaa, ia not expedleotttatNavaryaheaM ho oxtaadeid beyoad tis im«»ilhle for BMte rataia to ths Aoith hstaio «ar. only op- pressat Uatts, the piaos where, aad tlw paraaas br eawarkatioB..chaia^terlxad a aa bitter aad re- and thebat ths North must meaotrosrcelastats, asMhat wtriah bTyentespdiriItaelf la> Bsevs's holds. ThBnelnoa,Uwhich ttiat Coostltutiea alaae ato.,;caso.cause, for deserting him in his extremity and Let this last victory be won—ths Inangunitioii Hr. Edrob: I have biatlly thrown togother troddca oader tbe feet of baud, led on a words of ribaldry sadstraage, ladeed, If aald Ifeoro;*oieh,'tbs deadsembodied spirit now looks out on the transactions Are these things not so ? and are we to be toldTerritories with her alsvesof a few past weeks, and frowns upon those whom that the South has no grievance to complain of— not say that she th^U net go. Hera la the whole bloody deeds In Kantas, when aetlag, as It appeara; not a UtUe saM aad d«ae ia af toe Coa-lh«r»iiliwjpuipmu. I select the Tn»s, for the reason that it blackeiiing his reputation when dead. He thought of an Anll-Slavery Gov^mant at Washington- these views wliile oojoarniiig day or two ia yoar clH aa Of New-Tork, ker authority aad dignity is- soieace aad crime endured by oar bliow-eittzeas idteircniation among t^t respectable —and as a Southern man I say he thought right-ed by the Espubllcans of the North to be, it ahouldBut the inaiiiution isit will be of woe to snd beantifDlandhave no dasire to seerldsd, her ratal districts tamed into caapa Idr Um tbe slare- labor Ststes, ezpresdoaa were aot hear^ protection of ber sovereignty, ber citizene iaordered, there wUeheala aad jaat aea aaust niiiiioaaaag and their famlllea expend to the moatappaUlagsufEgr- deplore. Bat wiieB we are teaiiiided oC ezUavaxa^' iBfs, for ao other reasoD than for upholding rlgbtafeHakigedlaSa atthe Kerth who are more psrticularlj ia- teteatad in what I bsTe to taj, and because I be- l^ifi^ dte Editor to be a patiwt, however we may Jiiflht a»t« what ia best for>the country.—ly if BJavery be the horrible thing it is represent-pregnantthe conqnerors- greatthem inCity, print, l>eyondbe out from the let it cost what it wiped land,Sea, it will turn te aahea on their llpa ; and, inatead of laurels, the cypreas will be hung over every in tlieworthy hope that they may do good In the preaent troubled condition of the errantry. They ate with- out prateiuion. except that they are aincera and—which her sons WASBnrevos. Jarrassos, Hxxar and MiDisoa—mea whose aamea apeak thalr etilagies— had exerolsed their lives.and lalempente lansoaga ased at tbe South, we miut reBienbar that it Is the laaguage of defsace, aai alt •f aggreaaiaB.may. poorJunxtenlicn that is abroad inthe land; of the talk about dis»oluiirn snd a suspension of social and businessdoorwsyThe South may not dissolve the Union forrelationsof the humiaating spectacle at Wastuug-independence,offanatical aggression were directed agslaat to-slandered,througboutweougitfSpiritaffraternitytoplace oaraelvaaofHere is the cauae of all the strife and conten-friend ; the dark and still giiherlng clouds thathang with such porteutaus glooih over our des- tiny as a nation, and, as I believe before God, the placii^g of arms in the hands of a portion of ourfectly independent.One further on this thoughtNorthern readers to remem-Xi-Fresldent Vai Bsaia sad Ex-Govemor Hctt rSOK MARTOr TAK BURIlf.:SlaveholdingStates which threatens dangers of the to the irritating, fretting assaults walth haveand Bepublican folly!land.such a cause, but she has the power to produce a apeak the truth the naked, unvarnished, solemn Can we wooder that uader aachla aInju- la their oaadMaBrSad thea say whether we are fsttoLike tbe of the Dead appleswhat ia the justified byresult little less to be deplored at the North. them a in columns, wtiile I snail fousdly moved, or that ber sister States of the S-uth meuure tbe phrases la which we should utter our give place yourLittle as the idea gains credit in this latitude, ahe be aatiafied with whatever disposition you may participate fully and earnestly In ber feellags ! The sense of wrong, or ooTiieteTiiilBatloa to reeist It.,has within herself the means of social and com- tliink beat to make of them.QcoBOia. firat abeddlag of bioed by a mliltary org&aizatioa, la Would the men of Maine be less allre to the daa-.mercialput them to use.and, what is more, she will A producing country, with herMaw-Yeaz, Monday, Jan. 0, ie«0.THE AIDANT UNION MEETING.a controversy to which the Statea an ta aav senseparties, can iiave bnt one effect here, aa it has tsS laallcoTiatrieiandteaUages, to deepea the aeaae of atiwtlons which existed smong tiKm arfaea itehills andNature has voochsaCed for the comfort and con-Injartea and to inflaaie the psadesis of tbe parUes ea- ConatitntloBforeied, and wtilch were aaao-valleys teemingwithevery productthatvenience of the humanthe meana of preparing them for fruition to be per-point—tutions for the last tweaty years !Ceold yoo Isafcber it—Nonhem and directed capital, energy altiii,UtopianLanasWAU, Tuerday, Jaa. It, 18M.with more thaa complacencyat lawsahe hasonlyto addWMh evening, the foUewlng lettera were received trom aa It spread, until It has reached a height la all the what degree of eqnaalmity woiild yeti have subiaMWd'verythe marble of this aspect, will, it seems to me, ba Hoat wisely and tbe patriotic men of the South. We cannot, how-Whet aad where ia now thetile existence of which we ranae^ deny, a as which atthroughwhen the for bread and the om- cry— of tbeaaconcern with ourselves in thetioiia to which those meetings related, who took no part or apparflst tnlereat in meir Noraiitrrr I cannot appreciate or acknowledge th'e but I shall at least have the Satisfaction of and if I were a citizen of the North, I should cry color. Baova, the leader of tbe foray, a maa of con- aesslon of the Government of tills great State, It is well known thatsodal and commercial later-adopt;lalMis of the Northern Bepoblicsns, professedly to a tirm assurance that it is the on't/ cure, and that,ftat eod. They appear to me aa not only incon- sooner or later, they will fly to it aa a houi-e of ref-dsteot, but a solemn mockery of the great pur- uge, or else cooly abandon tho country to its fate,pose which they profess to have in view. There and leave it to go by the board. A Southern man,is bat one circuiqstance to which I can analogize it, I knew that my opinions ate given under manyind that I must invent to meet the case: The disadvantages, and that a willing earand hesfifulwolf sets out to devour tbe lamb, and stops by the heart will be lent to but little that I can say. Like Republican Kmpiro of the West,tlderable intelligence and signal personal firmness, and which claims to represent a majority of her peo- course between tbe A'orih aad tbe South kaa ^'r*-^ but one vtho, from official documents recent- ple. l>>o welMalormea man can fail to appreciate been seriou&ly disfurt>ed. Shall tnis interraptifiaaloud and sound ths alarm for the to rise in peopletheir ir.ight and put down the leaders and politicalor shall It become mere andgeneral perva i'ligTsafely treated, If unreservedly ipokea of aad thor- ever, conceal the fact that in each of the cities 1as well as what was done as of whit was desigQcd, and whether comug from the acteri them'-equalimportant quea-ly brought to public view, appeara te have tbe beneficial, not 10 say, tbe controlling Influence cease,fanatical crew who are thus preparing a hardest of exbleiteo oa previous occasiona, aad under which those rseetlsgs would have exerted upon the If the latter, then mere peeunisry loss, in the pros-oweCan these things come to pass ? by prejudice,tbe prompflnga of the spirit tbat brought him to Harper's Ferry, a lawless and ferocijujhearts and minds of our Southern brethren ifbao been attended by tbe masses of all parties, ex-tration of material intereats wall rotutltute bit one of tbe mostlnconaiderable elemeots of tbe devuUcioa which threatens, and which the North aUae caa avertdesolation for them and their children.theyTljeyit to themselves, to their country, justice, truth, and to the rights of man as bound up in this greatdlFi>oiltlon, sought an Interview, on the morning ofhis last day on earth, with bis prmcipal associate,Coos, to upbraid tbe latter for having deceived himinto the belief tliat the slaves were ready to revolt, have precluded all cavil In respect to their slocerity. pray er fer tbe complete triumph of this Coastltu-JaaalSome, blinded and others who love themselves bet- in the South, wiiose ter than their country, and who never stop to cal-Of this Inesilmabte advan^ige they have df^piived the country, and, althou^hjliey are not particularly ree-culate tho cost of folly, will answer,"Xo." lamhad been eiilier subdued or driven out or eztermiaaied.Whatever therefore, be formed in re- opinions may,much to be ceolored.In a different case from yotin the terma of the callM.Roberts, Hinckley, T. UUiiaro, F. A. Wilson, Committee of Arrangemeuts.LXTTEB FBOIC MB. EVEXCrT.Bestos, Tofsday, Jin. 3, 1850.' Iprediction? lam credibly informed that, duringthrough all the Slareiioldic; States,prove of Bao^N'b course, and how could they say orv.erc to discharge no less than comicllcd fiftyofbeen inmay well be regarded as certain that he did not look uaiting with tbem on say of the great occasions to painfully occupies the mind of the whole eoaa- to the accoBiphbhmeat of his purposes with the small which Iharereferred. They profess to beaident friends try, to aake it neoeaaary to repeal them. Pub-force with which his eaterprlte was commenced, but of the Villon, and inslstupon its tialng laalataiaed with lic demonstreUoBs at ths South, confirmed byStates who concurred ia his Inpecuharlythe continuance of tioa caused by the attempt to commence a ser-of thia scheme. It is necessary to tiike Into view the loarex-FULTON, :eontlaned to do so if the sabject of Slavery had not been In an evil hour, drewa Into the aagry and dis-Well for usIin the United States. aa Ia ITIIB a bill was introduaed Into her Gen-snd a law passed by wkleh tbe object was fully aecompliahed.r^ plaoedattkiiTtof such a result Itlag' byfbomaiaialaittr bor pUbfie eooacUstlaa fer la evra sxetnsiTeCmr *w Cua^aaea Uo.m",tbe reapoBalbiltty of attraptine It, the right to orer-throw It by fin and the sword ; ptaleaaloiis wUck tagtobaJMldattilvaiybB'zr^i«««r«n»e_ iak«:Vaiaaof now tbe mea ofcauses the feud would have canted them. Tbe vrlth more VirtgihnainaT Couldthey, noj'ts: aad of-eaacted flaaatlii de- cepttheinvltationwltliwlilcbyouhavelujcuHedme. 'Unionwill,of belaaverygreatdegree.If fianceofthecommonConetitutloa.towaloheachistotheyof other States Inherress and self-reliance. This ia no scheme. placlag auch a meeting aa that to which you Invite me blow a5med at aad through her at the South- be alike bound —laws enacted with the avowed pur-from your own channels of buainesa, willGnrruKZH:I amceiely ragnt my to ac- laabiUtybytbeLegislaturesaStroua eoadltion of things upoa the relaUons that have so long existed between the Ststes of theVirginia,ern States, and from which ahe has already sufferedtomakeofnoeffectabehalfef that sacred Ustnimeat. Fatsl and calaa-to them. You tultaUy engaged in the sams good cause.their detestation of the crime comiaitted at Hsrper's Ferry, and their determiaatioa to prevent similar outrages in future, in a mtuiaer which mustpresalsgatd among Bsovrn's papers was found an eIat>orataplan, the authenticity of^ which is not disputed, care-luUy concocted, on a forefitnsoil, for the goremmeDtol the £lavebolciiig States, sftcr their white inhabitants gives us a right to comment upoa a circumstance so A. D. B. Wm. Bradbury,are, alsc,soviews, which, situated In respect te tho subject of Slavery as this sources, sabsfy- me that Um dangerout Irrtta-enormityistlDfr relations between ourselves and those 01 tae woald destroy the Unlen—and that, to farther theirpeople of six states of the old Confederacy—thea as thoiougbly Slareholding States as they now are and as likely to remam so, while, for ourselves, we lookedand clt-il war, without aa effort to save them, ing, will have Involved themaeivea in a fearful re-for theporpOMesasldertegsiialDstlUrevivallaaayform. Anearlyover which oae of her distlngBlahed aoas. Judge is aa ohicct worthy of our boat and aOUsst eadeavo rs.astringency whieh,confederacyis,would furnish the strength he might require. Upoa that insUtution in many of the Statea to the contrary vile war at Harper'a Ferrybut to ble borrora of a aervlls war upon communltlea num- that tbe object of their present reserve upon so vital give emphatic uSsraace to tbe teellagi with wUch—communl- aaathat of which we are speaking Is thus to such an attempt must be regaitled by every right-a C^nstllution made withthem whilst they were jet, as the^ had before tieen, once more In respect 10 tho uaeonatituUonal measures meeting.fiuits of thatSlaveholding States, arid which on its face coDtem-relieve herself from oppressiveendure a Constitution which now, courae of half century, presenting to purjose,provUinns might : In public blTalrs of sufBcient potency to arouseandafter an of seventy yeara. Is as dear to gency b:to which it some- ciperience the public mind from the apathyeverything possible.derstood.Tbe South tias made up her mind on tiiia ques- the people of the Called States, North and South, times falls, but from vrhich it h*s never yet failed tomannerThe meeUngwss, in fact, an entire sucoesa, aa4'thatthisissodeed, would the political system, upon the stability—Mabuaox Extkaobsikabt In the itoxoHtmeaanuxnr ehavereceivedyourwith thelawaeeooaary eereaeny by esut>lUhad,letterto attend the meeting of the citizens of Albany, " forIthe of full, adequate, snd authorita- purpose givingtive expression" to their senUmeats of devoUoa to our Natioaal Union, and th^ condemnation of all:with a on the tho very approprlato lectore ooc&slun,bridegroom afterwards requested to add' Imaeowelya few words oa the nbjoct, snd sfter he had got lbscompact.betweea me aad TOO, (as unworthy of a moaenfa laager exialeaae^'Bsada.To heal the aataiatftlee which bow- distraet the,,at thesame time BSTeriBtenniltad her ozerttoatte socars ^rosoatensis. ItistlBathalthaVaitadftatei were the rastwud of Snes, faereaav,t)isaostag« apoa allOxasapiMMEiaM(«a^aaSCdl»tnia Itto to the Unlea. BdaUp staqafiiy gavaIf it were not, thea, la-invitingadiB.t.,mvi«i>gigcra clusterlsg around their hearthstones, if the warto light tbe pathway of treasoa, and the yUe of theassasaittis to commencehands, we prefer ttiat tbat bread and that fikt afaall be ta the hands of avowed enemies, sgainat whom weI thank you for remembering me. and with earaest UnioVno,uorver all eanuedmlseerv.aInnt.all placea, I am,:ofglaia Invsdon. Enpin Ball, the largest is the pisse,from Ex Gov. Host, Ex Gov. Kmo. Ex-Senatorbieathingpressing warm sympathy with the objects of theimously passed of tbe light stamp,will, I trust, 1* the msaas of doing good. UNlONvwl'h Oraaseeldest dsugbtor of Kr. AsoBiBilv MbMilixtt, of Bastsworm to Floxs. &c.,ll1— ! ii,-*rT www.fultonhistory.com 