 MMli.a» ^ET.aruJi t the.tni OfMt,an. S& 'ao. 1 'Vo. 8 Vb. B6izm,K R.Wi,...•vjn, (>*«ngaat,iurry en-pavy.TH.—18551856....... .... 98-."THE GREAT SHORT LINE TO THE WEST. •uceeaa Offk" No. 2 A»tor Haase, Broadway.DR. F. HUMPHREYS & Co.. Not 562 Broadway, New-York.good health.Yours truly,M. D. &MITH.thought tfee cause in which Dr. Sims was engaged tion, by the Police Board. While acknowledging the The funeral will take place on Tuesday, 24th inst., from his late•-••OFury and thus receive of that'bleaauig which, is promisedto ihose who, in the persona of the sick and wretchedon earth, minister to their glorified Headand Redeemer. " ness, permanency, and beauty, or deferring the Twice, during the paet year, when the treasury wasempty an appeal u> the public wits made through thenewspapers, and in each case a fair response was given,which, added to the ordinary donations, have nearlymet th« expensesvof the year.wvA r a J O T I C fcOYAL KAIL 8TBAM KAVI- TlAnEW.YORK AND HARLEM (RAILROAD.— HA VE YOU a COUGH?—Then use JAYNE'fe1^Mafcure the disease in a few minutes And, finally,HA VE YOU RRONCHITI8, CONo 6 MPT (ON, CHRONICPLEURISY, SPITTING OF BLOOD, or any other PULMON- ARY AFFFCTION 1-Then use JAYNE'S EXPECTORANT. It is a remedy for the above disease* which cannot bo equaJl'sd, aa the evidence of thousand* who have been cured by it win testify..BLEEDING OF THE LUNGS.AxisrnxK, Va., Jan. 1,1858.Dr. D. Jayne—Dear Sir: In the year 18*0,1 was in very boc health, which 1 attributed to teaching school in the previom yea-. I was attacked with HEMORRHAGE (BLEEDrNG) OF THE LUNGS, but after using one bottle of your EXPEC- TORANT, 1 was relieved, and have not had an attack since. 1 have also given the same modicine to children .for tho WHOOP- ING COUGH, and have always found it to be of great advantag* in mitigating the disease, and finally effecting a cure.THOB. H. ROLLINS,BRONCHITIS.WBDTKILL, Green Co., N. Y., Nov. .8,1859.Dr. D. Jayne—Dear Sir: It affords me a great pleasure toads'my feeble tebtimony in favor of your invaluable medicines. Someeight years ago I had a very severe attack of Acute Bronchitis,and I was considered by intelligent pbyuicL-uis a confirmed con-sumptive. By the very free use of your EXPECTORANT I re-covered. In using it I surpassed the directions, as 1 took it ixnauseating doses for several weeks: sine*' that time I have made ment, have pined in thought, through weary and painful lives. Drs. A. H. Stevens, Horace Greer, and oihers, made cal expenditure. _-. __. '_ ' .*/tural bridges unattempted, iron fences and gates un- I.—Nos. 1, 4, 5, 6, .7, 12, 15 to 20, 22 to 28. Part II.—No*. 29 to'efficacy of your EXPEC fGRANT for COUGHS, ASTHMA received and expended, and suilerers benefited, the DIFFICULTY OF BKEATHING, SPITTING OF BLOODportion as well as the useful and absolutely essential—. 135, 165.sufiocatiou The Jury returned a verdict of death from suffoca- tion at the bands of some person or persons unknown.'... The body of an Irish womau named Ann Kalloo; aged 50 years, waa found on Saturday night floating in the river at tbe foot of Juoee stTeet, E . R. Coroner Schirmer held an inqueet. and a verdict of "found drowned" was rendered....A littlo girl th.ee years of ajre, named Bridget Eagan, on Wednesday evening last, set fire to her clothes with a candle, while her mother waa absent, and was so seriously burned tbat *h* died on Friday night. Coroner Jackman held an inquest on the body at the residence of'her parents, No. 141 East Thirtieth street.>''HIJLBRIED.V AN VOORHEES—HUNGERFORD—At Newton, Mioh., on Wednesday, Dec 21, by the Rev. J. Odell, laaac Van Voor- hees, jr., ol Lyon Lake, to Miss Emily Hungerford of the former place.»»rjsi>.A YRES—On Sunday, Jan. 22, after a lingering illness, Isaac W . Ayres,inthe54thyearofhisage.. . The relatives and frieucs of tne family are respoctrolly invited toattend the funeral services at his hue residence, So. 209 VVesrt Twenty-ninth staect, on Tuesday, Jan. 24, at 4 .o'clock p. m. His remains will be taken to Rosewood Cemetery, Manbaseet, Long Island, for interment.The friends of the family are respectfully.invited to attend "hia funeral from No. 40 Barrow street, on Monday, the 23djin3t., at.2 o'clock p. m., without further notice.BEV ANS — In Jersey City,'. on Satnrday morning, Jan. 11, Josephine, onlj child of Sidney B. mud Fanuie S. Bevana.BERGEN—In this-city, on Saturday, Jan. 21, Margaret Bergen, wife cf Michael Bergen, after a severe illneas, in the 44th vear ofherage. .• ' ;, •BOYLE—In Brooklyn, on Saturday morning, Jan. 21, of disease of the heart, at his rceidence, comer of Dean street and Vander-' bilt avenue, Bernard Boyle, in the 68th year of hie age. BROWN—In Brooklyn, on Saturday, Jan. 21, of consumption, Hamilton son of Hamilton and Charlotte Brown, aged XI yearsand 3 months.BURKE—In this city, on Saturday, Jan. 21, after a long illness,Thomaa Burke, a«ed 55 years and 15 days.CARROLL—In Utica, N. Y., on Thursday, Jan. 19, Mary Ann<'*rroll, daughter of i'atrick Carroll, formerly of Willett fttreeVNe«>York city, in tne 19tk year of her age.CASHIEAR—On Saturday evening, Jam 21, of-«carlet fever, Isaac Vroman, youngest son of Paul S. and Ann Eliza Oasile&r, aged:4 yearn, 1 mouth and 10 days.The relative and friends are respectfully invited to attend the fuuertJ thia (Monday) afternoon at 2 o'clock, from No. IBS F.aft Broadway. • ]CLARK—1B this city, on Friday, Jan. n>, Abigail Ad&m*, widow COofOJPacEoRb-1O).nClark,aged7«years,7mouths,and3dura.and Isabella S. Cooper, aged 1year, 3 months and'sjdaysT*? + The friends of the family arc respectfully invit«>d to attend the funeral from No. 4i9 Third av< aue, on Tuesday, the 24th at Uo'clock a. m. '...Jaly. 1859. Jy25 lawfimM^ JOHN If. TOWNSEND, Executor.MtbizaLlanguor was added loathesomeness, and the doubleevil laid upon a woman, how fearful lier distress!And now, when a hospital was established, where shecould be healed and brought back to life and happi-directed to the development of the n»*nr-d feairrre« ot the groond, and to the completion of the driven, rides, and walks; send that the architectnralstructnreashouldatpreaent.be dimlwi*b*>d in Dumber, aa far as ia practicable, in order that the mean* of the Board may be appropriated in maintAinins. the character of theark for thorotiglmt-M and durability. Ktmci urea' of"th* V ' " ' ""RevAved. That the Architect-m-^hief, with the sanction ofJtX NATION COMPACT*'8 NEW-YORK. AND 0ALWA* JL% SPI-CIAL NOTICE.—For thebetter acoommodati>n of EXPECTORANT. Itgivesimmediate relief.fallmtoeontetnpt. fe ,» *, !,,;-, ' The Board is urged to carry out tho proposed phmIdNE.—The ntixtdeparturefromN«rw-Y«rkwOlbethei d Vowerfal rteamahip CI&CA&SAN, Cap*. ' wfQ leave on THURSDA Y , yelwnaryi, M lJohn'*, N. F-, to reeeive th*Tey*Isa*i)«. Tkfcveaeel JP**b hawxved, u «barge .«**)»& toMiomrfgiii W n mere****, aad the \u now one •* th* «*«•«* «"» Jaatea*thotravelhnrpublic,anofficeha*b*eneatdba«hedto'thooaitd- ing now used as a freight depot at the corner of <Vhite and Cen- ter ata., for the exclusive purpose of checking Albany baggage, where paateagera can have their baggage elieoked and conveyed free of charge to the Companv'a depot, corner of26th'it. and 4th- anr., fn time to meet the 9 a m mail, which arrive* at Aloany at 3^40 p. m., and the 3:30 p. m. expresa, wblkh arrives at Albany at 9 p. m ; *©th of which trains making auref connection with theHAVEYOUASTBMAOR'PHTHISIS7—ThennseJAYNE'8EXPECTORANT—Which wtfl overcome the spasmodic con-traction of the wind tubes, and cause them to eject the mucusor matter which dogs them up and by an easy and free expec- TJfJE WOMAN'S HOSPITAL toration, removes all difficulty of breathing.ASSOCIATION.out hope of fee or earthly reward, he oomd not staya sidewalk of 22 feeton each side, making a carriage-JBstw te ©sJway oaiy); third. aM*,twtadtoc^tioke*eteMn New-Y oxk Central Railroad for the West; the mod train also • f t i * principal cities oa the »«*» T*aw*?_«r?*t*T. •* f**!?* j connect >ng with train* for the'North. Baggage will also be for- Bafcadn and Trvdand. Tbflr* da— « " J ^ W * * » J***s| **?*. i aarded free of charge to the New-York Central Railroad dep^t -*•*,*«., aad beddta*. Pa-aena^te SOobii».-»tr»i elaaa. at A>bahy. The ofiice will be opeu daily from 7 to 8i a m., and• S B ta*i $40. rLiwiTr in tbe third class can be- secured to from 1 to 2:46 p. n»., for this purpose. Commencing on and after MONDAY, Jaul 23.the disease more than one-half, and carries the patient safely sary of this Association took.place on Saturday, at railway engine—that was yet go manageable and so through it. .•"•'• ' / •HA VE YOU CROUP OR HIVES ?-Then use JAYNE'6 No. 83 Madison avenue, at present uaed as a hospital peacefully conveying thousands to happy homes—andEXPECTORANT freely, according to directions, and you wili bu3djTJg, where patients are treated under the super- the present century, so apparently matenahstic and country «lde, however, must be provided for, if adopt-W J^"OOKTLAKDAgents for theMM, KO. « BroWwiiy-New-York. Jan., i860.£*gal" Woman's Hospital Association " was formed, and of the ultimate attainment contemplated, may be of inter- esti» those of our readers who are not familiar withX U K K , v*» VICTORIA BRIDGE. M S feai-eiase a o w w stoetaaMpaCHESAPEAKEthe facts. Some years since a remarkable discovery great discovery. Mr. Milburn concluded ty con- copy the first four as the most important, and of theo ^ w w i a t w x a « wi^teaiNiaiwMawajaBWaOaawwwi 1 m•»• • •.*t*m**»m#*m*mm**>i***m0*»*m0**m**m>.- • ••• — ——•-vnd CANADASEMI-WEEKL YJfotiueB;! syfcflsea' p. no. Banning tin>*>, 36 boon.. rassfflrr iaohadtog RMSJS and stateroom, t>5.{ I M« »te*r««r* connect with the Grand Trunk Railway. and •arm the oboayost and moat expedltiooa freight lino to Montrealaa»d Qneboe.Apa^yto H. B. CBOMWBLL fc Co.,go. MWeat-ol)R SAVANNAH and FLORIDA.—U. 8.vouehers thereof, to the subscriber, at hiit office, at the foot of 41h street, East River, in the City of Now-York, on or bofore the 27th day of January next.—Dated New-York, the 23d day ofpalliation of physical pain, the last and greatest trialto which Satan could subject Job. He knew the de-pressing power of disease, and when to its terrible tnifs; that the moneys of the Board should he, primarily, mainly«AMUiiL.TaTCKILLA30N,Na^BxiiaVay . Tho AUGUSTA, wfil wcce*d, and aall SATURDAY, Feb. 4,Dr. DARIUS HAM'S AROMATIC INVIGORATING SPIRIT..considered incurable. The discovery of a mode of relief brought to light so many coses, that it i<i apparent that thousands of faope- Jese-siUl'erers, shut out from sympathy by a necessary conceal-vent invocation to the generous me^n and women before him, to see that it was pushedto abroad completion.the £pea«al Conimltteo on Bridge*, be requested to have all the remaining bridge* and viaducts constructed of such material &• will be«t combine solidity of material and sufficient ornaoental effect at dimini«hed cost, and with apodal view to an occiacnr*-Capt. Sidney- CroweO, Capt. 1^ H. jLayheld,IN PURSUANCE of an order of the Surrogate ofwas made by. Dr. Sims of a^uccefcsfal method of treat-greatSratulating those present upon the union of Adam and&most general interest:PATAPSCO -srffl**•*•*****»•**NorthRtvwr,New-York,andBrowne aon*havingclaim*againstRICHARDBUlRR,lateofthoCity Wheat Fortbmd, every WF.DNESDAY and SATURDAY, at J of N«w-\ork, Sea Captain, deceased, to pnjwsnt the same, withMAIL LINE.—Tho favorite steamship ST AR OF T H ESOOTH,Cap-. Thos. Lyon,wlUleaveonSATURDAY,Jan.28,•t3p.it. koto Pfer Ko. i North ah»r. Through ticket* *iv«n T^YSPEPSIA REMEDY. to Menlxoaaery, Columbia, Atlanta, Albany, aac Haaoa. B i t ofLatitat shooed only on board. For freight or M M W aoprv to- " Woman, in the most interesting and painful event of her fife, is oiLh by accident—sometimes irevitable, and sometimes caused by ignorance or want of skill to obstetrical treatment- made the victim of most distressing melodies, till quite recentlyness, would the women here suffer this enterprise to«t»p. ay [ \ increasing lavor.. Iti* recomro*-uded to cure Dynpepsia, Ner-vou*ne*a° Heartburn, Colic Pains, Windl in the Stomach, OTexhilarates, invigoratca, but will not intoxicate or stupefy.Ax a Medicine, it is quick and effectual^ curing the moat ag- gravated caies ot* Dy»pep«ia. Kidney Coinploiuts, and all otherderarjs;cix:c&u of the Stomach and liowelx, in a speedy manner. > It will instantly revive the most melancholy and drooping spirits, and restore the weak, nervous, and sickly, to health,htrength, and vizor.Persons who, rrom the Injudicious use of liquor*, have becomedejected, and their nervous *y*t«niH shattered, cjn*titution* broken down, and subject to that horrible curse to humanity, the Delirium Tremens, will, almost immediately, feci the happy and healthy invigorating efficacy of Dr. Ham's Invigorating Spirit. .W H A T I T W I L L DO. Does—One wine-glas* full as often as necessary.One dose will remove-ail Bod Spinta |One dose will cure Heartburn.Three do»c» will cure Indigestion.One d.jse will give yon a Good Appetite.One doac will stop the distressing piiua of Dyspepsia.One dose will remove the distresung and disagreeable effect*of Wind or Flatulence, and as soon as tee stomach receives tuegreat use of it, and of your ALTERATIVE and CARMINA- In correction with this discovery; the Medical Profession ofTIVE BALSAM in my family, and prescribed it to others witt this city, with unexampled unanimity, suggested that therethe very best results. During the protracted illness of a con- ought to be established a Woman's Hospital, including a Lying-a few more remarks, and the exercises here closed by a benediction, pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Milburn.Resolved, That tho construction ol transverse rood* Wow- 3 and 4 be auepended until further order of the Board."CX)K SAYANNAH and FLORIDA—The Azneri- Low Spirits, Delirium Tremens, IntrmpeTanco. ft iitimalatcs,sumptive wife, your medicines were frequently the only reme- dies which afforded relief, and though they could "nqt cure (for hers was a form of the malady which no known remedies could reach), they aided greatly in soothing her agonies, and for thenRcolved, That all the plana of viaducta, the conatruction of It was related privately, at th'e close of the meeting, which has not been commenced, be resubmitted to tho Board for approval and for examination, and report of a Committee, be-A oan Atlantic Screw Steamship Company'! now and favorite •haniiMMu MONTGOM ERY. Wm- C. Barry, Commander, wflU laeve Pier No. 1* N. R., on THURSDA Y , Jan. 20, at 8 o'clock. a. m. >a«aafe to Savannah, with ananrpasned aooommodatlona, *lfc. Throa«h rieketa to Now-Orloan* $89 TO, to Mobil* * » , Moartcomcry, $36. Albany, Ga., S24, Colombo* S23, AtlantaS38, Macon $21, Aagnrta *20. Al*o, to principal places in Flor- a a t lew-eat m e * hVwiRht 10 eoata per foot. Inanraaoe ono- hatfaoroaat. No rink taken andor $M<X Apply toin Department, where these terriVo afluctiona, and other dt> eases peculiar to the sex, might bo treated with that exclusive- ncss which is appropriate to them. Accordingly, under medical .auspices, an ashociation of looieB opened a Hospital, in a privatethat Peter Cooper, esq., whose wife is one of the man- agers, had donated, with his usual munificent gene- osity, $15,000, to be paid in iron, toward the sum re- quired for the erection of the proposed Hospitalfore their construction ia commenced.LAW INTELLIGENCE.:••SUPREME COURT—CKAWJKK* — JAW. 2JL — Before Jattice LiBAXAKD.DECISIONS.Wm. Bryden agt. James Cummings.—The T/riaonermust b e remanded. _ _ _•-.'•'•,, .Warren A. Cleveland agt. Wm. D. Potter, &c—The defendant, Wm. D. Potter, must be allowed to serve MI answer and counter-claim to the complaint, and the plaintiff** attorney mnrt fumiabrthe defendant, or Wa attorney, with a copy of the summons and complaint. The judgment, and aobee-. B. B.CROMWZLLfc Co^No. 86 We*C-«t.. Steamboats anb ftaiiroabs.From W . W . Winters, M. D., MllleageviHe, IR... Maroh5,1858.Dr. D. Jayne fe Son—Gentlemen: It is with groat pleasuxt that I can recommend your EXPECTORANT to those sufferin* . with Bronchial affections. Also, your AL TERA TIVE, for erup tions or any disease arising from an inactive or disordered liver having used these medicines for the above mentioned diseaseaFOR PORT MONMOUTH, MIDDLETOWN,A report has recently been made to the Commissionersof the Central Park by a Committee appointed some timeRED BANK, SHREWSBURY, t c , via steamer ALICE ?R1 CE and Rarit&n Raihrcad. Leave Murrav-11. Pier, Jan. 20 at 3>ia.;21«t,at2ip.m.;2ad.ai6*a.m.;24th ai7ia.m.; 23th,with satisfactory resultaVery respectfully yours,TTi a. in. ; 2<kh. at 8 a. m.; 27th, at % a in-; 28th, at 10 a. m.;W.yf. WINTERS,M.D. from other sources; and -the City of New-Y'ork has presented itlast Summer, which gives some interesting informationinregardtothatgreatworkofpublicimprovement. The qnentproceeding*tostand aasecurity; but all subsequent pro-'" ,at 10 a. m.; 31«t. at 11 a m. Rctrtroing, will leave Red ;two hoar* after the boat loa-rea New-York.DROPSYANDCANCERCURED.CoLtTMuus, Miss., .»an. 24.1857. Dr.D.Jayne—DearSir—ItiswithpleasuretnatImakeknowr.with a large and hoakby site for the Hospital—the whole Bquarebounded by Forty-ninth and Fiftieth streets, and Fourth avenue,and Lcxintftrn avenue—subject, .however, to the condition thatrwenty-'fourfreebedsshallDemaintainedforpatientsdesignatedresources of the Board, it seems, amount altogether,including legislative appropriations, and a small sumceedintfu to be stayed until the further determination of the is- sues BOto be made between the plaintiff and Wm. D. Potter. Thecoataofthiamotionfixedat$10,toabideeventoftheiaaue.1x.vigoratingSpirit, thedistressingloadandallpainful feelings KTBW-YORK and HARLEM RAILROAD.— will be removed.to you the invaluable efficacy of your EXPECTORANT, and by the City Government. It is already demonstrated tnat a£% WINTER ARRANGEMENT.F ARE TWO DOLLARS TO ALBANY.Oa and after Wednoadav. Jan. IS, I860,Trains will leava 26th- CL station. N«w-Y ork. a» follows:For Wimamsbridga—8:30 and 11 a. m.; 2:30 and 8:80 p. m.F»r White Piainx—12:30 and 5 p. m.r«r White r-.in*—6: li p. m., from oor. Wnite and Ceatra-sta. For Croton Fall*—« p. m , trouz 26th-st.For MiOerton—9 p» m.,, f"oa» 26th-*t.For Albany—0 a rr>., from *^ith-«t., mail train.Tor Albany—3:80 p. in., from 20th-«t.l *xpT*«« train. ASXUwoxigh train* oomveot with N. Y. Central It. K. for the Wea4.Rotnrning, will lewve WBHssMi«UsJ»-»«:40 and 9:30 a, m., 1 and 3:40 p. to."Wbite Plain*—5 and 7:20 a. m., and4:50 p. so. Ceoton Fall*—7 a. m.MSIerUm—7*. n .AJb*ny—11 a vs., mail, and V. 10 p. ECU, expreas brain. TliTiw-YORK »nd NEW-HA VEN RAILROAD.£X 3869t WINTER ARRANGEMENT. 1858. Cornrneneixu! De*. 12, 1869.Faaeenaor Station is New-York, eorner 27th-sC and i4th-av, Ttatasui i unTTTh rrOne dose will renovt: the most dietre-*ing pains of Colic, either in the stomach or bowelaA few doses will remove ull obstructions Jn the Kidney, Blad- der, cr Urinary Organs.Person* who are seriomly afflicted with any Kidney Com- pla'Kto are assured speedy relief by a dose or two, and a radical cure by the use of one or two bott let>.' !NIGHTL Y DISSIP A TION..ALTERATIVE and SANATIVE PILLS. Gen. W. P. Orion, one of my neighbors, was cure'i of Bronchitis by the use of youi f xpeetOTsn* nnd Alterative, after having lain sick forty days, at the point of death, and three eminent physicians having exhausted tht ii skill upon him. Several cases of Dropsy and Cancer havtHospital ol 200beds will be the »east with which the present want can be supplied', and that it cannot be built and furniahod for less than $i<;0.000. The Board' of Governors have accord- ingly determined to build a Woman's HoKpital, 300 feet long aud 4 ftories high, with all the couv^rieuces which a site open on allreceivedfromothersources,tothesumof$2,092,13539. SUPERIOR COURT—GKNKUAI. TKRK JAJ?.2L— Before.allTRAINS LEA VE NEW-YORE:For JKew-Haven, 7 . 8 a m . (ex.); 12:l», 3:16 (ex.); 3:60 and Sold in Brooklyn, by Mr*. HA YES No. .175 Fultonrst.; inthis kind, and goes on to say: >" In addition to she ordinary yearly report of moneysof the whole work, however, is on the suppositionthat it shall be completely finished—the ornamentalTho C. V ANDERBIL T, from New-York, Monday, Wedrwsv-day, and Friday. From Stonington, Taoaday, Thursday, aadBsiiuiliij PRICE.The COMMONWEAL TH, from New-York, Tuesday, Thuxe- day, and Saturday. From StouLogtoo—Monday, Wednesday,•sad Friday.gsaoejsgBCT proceed from Stonington. per RaOroad to Provi-Book of Directions '..}Case of Twenty large vials, in morocco, and Book of Di-r^*"OT-iOsflap*••••••«•••**•*•••••••>»'*•*••*•*••**•••*••*•*••$7 00of .foreign celebrities, who had endeavored to improve . on Dr. Skua's idea, but all united in paying profound and enthusiastic deference to the genius of our Ameri- can discoverer, and had avowed that the two great humane discoveries of the day were the .use of anes-thetic agents and the "silver suture" of Dr. Sims.Ho alluded to the anxiouB days and hours which thecrease rather than increase the burden of taxation. Exhibitions affording both amusement and instruction to the people, may be permitted to b« established under proper regulations, either by individuals or associations, Buch as botanical and zoological gardens, and halls for muaic. Boats for the lakes, places for refreshment,> and Boston, m the Express Mail Train, reaching said Case of Twenty large vialB, plain case, aud Book of Direc-i in advance of those by •th#x routes, and in ampl» time all the early Morning Lines conneosinr. North and East. ZsssssOCea that prefer it lemain on board the steamer, eadoy a adghfs rest undisturbed, breakfast if desired, md U v » 8tonJa|- ton in the 7 a m. train, eonaeettng at Previdenoe with the 11 aon. train for Boston.Fare from Providence to Newport, 50 eeataA Bagxa^e Master aeoompanies the Steamer aad Train through aoh vray.For pasaage.berihs, state-7ooma, or freight, anply en board i*e steamer, or at the Freight OfBee. Pier No. 2, North River, or at •fee efit* of the Company, No. 10 Battery-pUee.tions J '.4 001860 THE PENNSYLVANIA 1860 Look over the list, moke up a case of what Kinds vo« choose, C E N T R A L R A I L R O A D . and inclose the amount in a current note or stamps, by mall, to our ad«lre-s. et No. 5C2 ftroadv, ay, jNew-York, and the medicineDr. D. Jayne—Dear Sir: Having used your EXPECTORANT was held. He thought that if an appeal was made to must depend its future character, and whether it shall vT£ "7Vu« S ^ d a y inonuug, Jan. 21, suddenly, AugustineGREAT DOUBLE-TRAfK ROUTE.oapaaity of this >tead i* now equal to any in the country.will be duly returned by mail orexpress. ,.NO F AMIL Y or TRA VELER should be without these inval- uable curative*. Thousand* use them with the most triumphanters have now no right by law to employ a police force, £ i ? J £ i ' ?2*-?f ^ * Sht««nth street, on Tuesday, the x4th in*t., at I o'clock p. m., without further invitatiom --sfaflssttiee for the tnwaportotioa-of Pa**eo*er* to and from Ctn- eaatnsci, Chicago, St. Lorn-*, St. Paul, Na*hvUle, Memphis, N*w- Odmmg, aad all other U*ns In the West, North-West sadSeuth-West, are unsurpaiwted (or *p*#& and comfort by aay route. Thzoagh trains for the West Wve New- York (foot o?Court-lasadt tt.), Morning Expreas, 7 a m . ; Eveuiag Express, 6 p. m. a^eeprnxvidsmoking-carsonalltraias.Fare eiw»>* as low, and the time a* quick as by any etherante.By this route Freights of all descriptions can be forwarded to«a*d from any point on the rattroad* ot Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, jjttjaota Wiscon*in, lows, or Missouri. HY RAILROAD DI- RECT, or to tuo-r port on the navigable rivers of the West, byMoaauers from Pittsburgh.The. rates of Freight to and from any point of the West by thePennsylvania Railroad are at all time* a* favorable a* are charged by ether Raibroad Con.peniea Merchants and shipper* intrust- ing the transportation of their Freight to this Company can relywitheonhdenceonitsspeedytransit.Thi* Company alao maintain* an Emigrant AeoeaomodationLoan, by which parties emigrating westward eaiey a ak-*ap ana ooaufertable mode of conveyance a' one half the brst-alass rates •fiate. J. L. ELLIOTT, Passenger Agent, Ne. 2 Aator House.LEECHkCo.,FreightAgenU,No. 2 Aster Houae. and No. 1 South Wfinass-at-McDONALD fe BI8CHOFF , Emlpant Agents. a-'e.8BaUery-plaea,THOMAS A. SCOTT, General Sat/t, Altooaa, P aXTEW-YORK AND ERIE RAILROAD.—Pn»-i * senxer Trains leave Pier foot of Duone-sa, a* loilowa,vfas: DUNKIRKEXPRESSat7a.m.,forDuaXkk,Burfalo,Can-sgaAJfflM»'«dprincipalintermediateStations. *KEWBURGH EXPRESS at 3:o0 p. m., for Newborgn, Mid-sBetown,aodintermediateStations,N I G H T E X P R E S S at 4:30 p. m., for Dunkirk, Burfalo, Caaao-asstena, and principal Statloaa. TheExpressTrainsconnectatElmirawiththe Ceaandaigua-aao: Niagara Falle RaUroHii; at Binrhamton, with the Syra-^HE CONFESSIONS aba EXPERIENCE ofGRAVEL.ABBALOX FUPPEK, Long Point, Washington County, Texas,FLEMING—In thiacity, ou Friday, Jan.20,Edward J. JMenW, ol consumption, aged 40 year*.oaee RaHroad: at Corai**, with the Raitroad for Rochester andride of Washington street, Boston, was conanmed by fire. Itwasownedbyflfeaors.Perry&,Fitzgerald, gash and blind manufactnrera, and occupied by therapid; completion, and .not only Containing benefits in itself, hut,likeseedsownbroadcast,bringinginto being similar iutstitutious all-over the world.the management of the Park should be very carefully considered. Avarietyofordinances•arenecessaryto preserve that perfect order and management withoutSPF.AF—On Suturday, Jan. 21, Marxiret, lofaat daoghter of TOWNSEND—lu- Brooklyn, on Saturday evening, Jan. 2I»the County of New-York, notice 1*heroby given to all per-Eve in this holy mission of healing; that men andiwemudiable. The means by which thia method waa women had ioined their efforts in bringing about the expenditures in the completion of the far* to tho sutxi author-This Medicine ha*becn.uiied by the public for »ix years, withPaiuain theBow«]s, Heudachc, Drowniue-js. Kidney Complaints,IVmoux wbo, from dissipating too much over night, and fecithe evil effects of poisonous liquors, in violent headache*, *ick-ue** at stomach, weakness, giddiness, Uc , will Sind one do«e»- publish this if you wish. will remove all bad feelinaaJsauc Jacobsohn agt. August Belmont.—Verdict setLadle* of weak and sickly constitutions Rhould take the Invig orating epirit three times a day, it will nmke them strong, healthy, rtua happy, remove all obstruction* and irregularities from the menstrual organs, and restore!the bloom of health and beauty to the careworn fare.During pregnancy it will be found ani invaluable medicine to remove disagreeable sen»ation<> at the niomach.All the proprietor esk» is atrial, uud to iuduce this he has put up the Invigorating Spirit in pint bjttlen, at 50 cents; quarts $ 1 .General Depot, No. 48 Water-st-, New-York.W E E K S it POTTER, No. 151 Washington-rt., Boston, General Agents for New-England.NEWS FROM SWEDEN.[Extract of a letter from the Rev. A- Wieberg, dated Stock- imd Mr«. Walden Pell—the,Treasui-er,fAj8sifltant Treas-Before Justice WooDaurr.•£30 p. m. For Bridgeport, 7,8a.m. (ex.); 12:15, 3:15 (ex.)i Philadelphia, by T. W. DYOTT it SONS, No. 218 North 2d-st.,* * » and * :30 p. m. For Mllford. Stratford, Fairhald. Soathport, and by Druggist* everywhere. ,Mai^«*tp«t, 7a.m.; 12:16,3:60,aad4:30p.m. ForNorwaBc,%9a.ro.; 12:15, 3:16 (ox.); 8:50,4:30, 5:30 p. m. For Bartea H U M P H R ! E Y s""' • one box of SANATIVE PILLS, and am happy to inform yor assi Gwonwich. 7, 9 a.m.; 12:15, 3:50, 4:80, 5:30 p.m. For SPECIFIC H0MOSOPATHIC REMEDIES that, after using the Expectorant, her cough was immedhitelj Stamford, 7, 8 (ex.), 9 a m . ; 12:15 3:15 (ex). 8:50,4:30, 5:30a Stand confeaseuly at the head of remediiJ inuaurt for the use of suppressed, removed the d:i iculty of breathing and pain, pro-3B. For Port Cheater and intermediate Staslona, 7,9 a m - j 12:15, 8-rfSO, 4i30, 5 MK 8:80 p. m.CONNECTING TRAINS:For Boston, via SprU»xh-kl. 8 a. m. (ex.), 3:15 p. m. (ex).the people. They are alike removed {from the poisonous, dan- gerous, and repulsive do*e* of quackery, or Old School practice; the inconvenience of Water-Cure, or jthe intricate aud i»erplex- inj; obscurities of tho usual Homoeopathic books and medicines.duced a free and easy expectoration, and in one month effected a. complete cure. '/ J. P. SMITH.DISEASE OF THE THROAT, &c CLARKSVILLK, Geo., Sept. 10,1857.Dr. D. Jayne—Dear 8ir: My daughter, some tiiae.ago, wit attocked with a disease of the throat, resembling BRONCHITIS. I tried various' remedies and physicians, but ull to no purpose. Night after night passed without my little girl obtaining any ac- tual rebt; finally I procured the EXPECTORANT, and it al- most effected an entire cure, and 1 feel indebted to your Expec- torant, under Providence, for her now comparative good healthThe ALTERATIVE l have tried upon myself, and indeed found it on alterative of the system in my case, when all othea medicines and means hod foiled. I have never been muoh ix favor of patent medicines, but am now convinced that I was wrong with regard to your preparations, and I feel altogethet willing to recommend them as gooc WM. G. GOODRUM.BRONCHITIS AND SPITTING BLOOD. Mxiii.vinuE, Butler Co., Ohio, Oct- 8,1857.Dr. D. Jayne—I certify that during harvest, in July l e t , I was taken witn the BRONCHITIS, and spit up quite a quantity oi blood. I bad also a Bevere cough. I.first took one bottle of the AL TERA TIVE, and then three bottles of the EXPECTOR- ANT, which cured me. JAMES E. V AN HORN.be omitted, roads and walks left unopened, architec- 262. 400.COURT OF COMMON PLEAS (without a Jury)—PartForBoston, 12:15 p. m., via New-London, Sxonington. and Provl- Consisting of simple specifies for. the various diseases to which 'built, and only that work finished which is absolutely necessary, the amount required for the immediate com- pletion of so much of the Park as the C smmittee think should not be left incomplete, is $1,586,172. The Com- mittee.have no doubi that the truest economy will be to make thorough work, and to complete every portion of the Park, whether merely ornamental or useful, at the45, 47,48,49. -*•BROOKLYN CITT COURT CALENDAR—Monday, Jan.23.—NOK. B, 16, 66. Jury Trial*—No*. 9, 12, 52, 71,72, 7§, 74, 74, 76,SO,10,81,62,70.ACCIDKNTS AND LVQUKSTS.—Coroner Schirmer heldan inquest yesterday on the bodj of Leonora Volkwen, aged two years, who died at the residence of her pareati, No. 194 East Twenty-aiath street, from scalds received by accidentally over- turning a kettle of boiliDg wa'er upon her person...>Coroner Jackmon held an inqaest yesterday on tbe body of a female in- fant which was found on Ba'-urday night in the hallway of house No. 13 Stanton »lreet. When found the body was quite warm.dtan 8 a. For Hartford and Springneid, 8 a m . (ex.), 12:15, 3:1£ they are related—put up in the form of simple sugar pellets—andp. m. (ex.) For Connecticnt River Railroad toMontreeL 8 a m . prepared of ingredients ueither dangerous nor disgusting, they Oax.) and 3:16 p. m. (ax.) to Northampton. For Hartford, ProvV are the ready aid of the parent or nurne, and the comfort of thesVsaoO, and Fishldl} Railroad, 8 a m . (ex.) For New-Haven, complaining and invalid.jWjw-Lomion. and Stonington Railroed, at 8 a m., 12:15, and 3:lt They possess these powlive advantages: They are harmless— a. ax Fui •' /anal Railroad to Collinsville, 8 a m . (ex.), and 12:11 no injury can arise from their use. They are simple—you always a. an., to Northampton. For Houaatonio Railroad, 8 a m . For know what to take, and how to take it- They are convenient— Jssssajstoolc RaOroad, 8 a nv. 8:15 p. m. For Danbory and So»>:RaOroad, 7,9 a m., 3i&>• p. ro.J A M E S K. H Q 7 T , gnperlnteodani.RAILROAD OF NEW-JERSEY—at New-Hampton with the Delaware, Laokawanns aud at Easton with the Lehigh VaOeyyou can ?ive the proper Sugar Pill* atjamoment's warning, with- out hetitatiau or delay. They are etnetienv—in thousands'of oases di-wase is arrested at once, and the system freed without prostra- tion or delay.LISTHUMPHREYS'S SPECIFIC HOMCEOrATHIC REMEDIES.Price of Single Boxes—cents. No. 1.—For Fever, Congestion, and Inflammation—Hoot,is for the Board to decide whether it is most for thepublic interest to continue " upon a plan of thorough- \ A post mortem examination showed that death waa caused by^WINTERJ«aave New-X oik for Eaaton and intermediaM plaoes. from foot" more costly structures, simply lay out and plant a " driving and walking place, to be elaborated here- " after." ,ARRANGEMENT—Commencing D e c 19. 18SB.—sf Cowtinndt nt , at 3 a m., 12 m. xnd 4:10 p. m. For Somer- Tdc bx the above trains, and at 5:80 p. m.Fraaa PVr No. 2 North River, at 7:*0 and 11JO a aa aad J :3C a a v i m t Eaaton and mtarmediste atatUns; lor SomerviBo byshe ( i x m tradLixa and at 4:30 p. m.The 12 ro. train from foot of Conrtlands-et., and the 11:80 a a asbaaa Pier I N. K. make a do*» eonoeetion at Eaaton with the tstisMbl VsUoy K»Uxoad, and thenee via East Pennsylvaoia Rafl- saW to Reedxa*. withoot ohanxe of oars, and connect* at Readraac direct for Pottcvzllo and Harriaborg.Paesengora for the Delawara, Lackawanna and Western RaO-road will leave New-Y ork at * a m. from foot Coortlaadt-at., or "7t80from Pier 2 N. R. only; for Lehigh Valley Railroad at8 and l l a n . from foot of Courtlandt-«t., and at 7:30 and 11:30 a m from Pier 2 N. R. oniy. JOHN O. STERN 8. Soperintandent.T^TEW-toaSEY RAILROAD—For PHILA-AHDELPHIAandtheSOUTHandWEST,viaJERSEY CITY.—AiaU and Expreas Unes leave New- Yosk at 7, 8, and 12 avaa,and.4and6p.m.;&re $3. Through Tiakets sold for Cia- elnnasi and the Wwt, and lor Washington, Mew-Orleana, and tko Soath, fee and throogh baggage cJieckod to Washington hm 7 a m. and 6 p. m. trains.J. W. WOODRUFF, Assistant Saperinteadent. No baggage w£Q be reooived for any train* unWs delivered aadkadl6 aainnte* in advance of the time of leaving. *HUDSON RIVER RAILROAD.—From Dec22, 1859, Train, will leave Chambers-at. Station as fellows: M* Trmina 7 and H a m . aad 4:30 p. ra.; for Smg Sing.> and 6:40 p. no.; for Ponghraepsie, 7:3* a m. asd 12:20 and > a a 9 p . a a ; for Peekakill, 5:15 p. m. A Montreal and Burfalo f k n c n m i Train (with ajeeping-cara) leaves 31»t »t- doily at 9:80 p. aa. The Peajtbaoepsie, jPeekakill, and Sing Sing Trains stop aiaaoat of tho Way Stationa Passengers taken at Chambers,Canal, Christopher, md Slat-tU. Trams for New-York leave Troy at ft:16 aa?.10:10 a. m., and at 4 asd 9 p. m.. and Albany aooat 15 nttnntoa later. On Sunday, at 5:15 p. m.A. F. SMITH, SuperintaadenarrrBJC REGULAR MAIL LINE, via STONING- X TON, for BOSTON, PROVIDENCE, aud NEWPORT— Lenta Route—Th« shortest and most direct—Carrying tho Eart-oxarMaihTho steamen. COMMONWEAL TH, Capi. J. W . WUHarns•aad C V ANDERBIL T, Cape D. «. Sto^jr*, «> connection with sss» ftHoningten and Providence, and Boston and Providence Rail- road, leaving New-Y ork daily (Sunday excepted), from Pier No. IN. R. !&rrt wbirf above Battery place), at 4 p. as., and Ston- nogton at 8:80 p. m., or on arrival of the acudl train which leavec JkOatoa at 5:30 p. m.Pain. Restlessness2.—For Worm Fever, Worru Colic, Vorasious Appe-tite, Wetting the Bed.... J3.—For Colic, Teething, Crying, and Wakefulness,Slow Growth, and Feebleness of Infants4.—For Diarrbaa of Children or Adults ; Cholera Infan-tum, and Summer C-.'ipiaiat . . . »5.—For Dysentery or Blo»dy jFlux, Colic, Gripinga,Bilious Colic, Fall Dysentery.._ .- <5.—For Cholera, Cholera Mor,biiu, Nausea, and Vomit-ing, Asthmatic. Breathing.L7.—For Coughs, C >lds, Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Influ-enza, and Sore Throat....;8.—For Toothache, Faceacoe, Nervous Pains, Noural-gia, and Tic Doloreux i...3.—For Headaches, Kick ueadaches, Vertigo, Ru«h ofBlood to tho Head .L :... 10.—For Dyspepsia, Weak, Acid, or Deranged Stomach,Constipation,LiverComplaint11.—For Suppressed Menses, or Scanty, or Painful, orDelaying, Green Sickness12.—For Leucorrheaor Whites,'Bearing Down, too Pro-fuse Menses j.12.—For Cioup, Hoarse Croupy Cough, Difficult and Op-pressive Breathing L..'.14.—For Sole Rheum, Crusty (Eruptions, Erysipelas,Scald Head, Barber'a Itch......15.—For Rheumatism. Pom, Lameness, or Soreness inthe Cheat. Back, Side, or Limbs16—For Feytr and Ague, Intermittent Fever, OumbAgue, ol<i inveterate Agnes17—For Piles, Internal or External, Blind or Bleeding,Recent or Obstinate. 'tIS—For Opthalmy, Weak or lufiamed Eyes or Eyelids,Faiiir.gor Weak Sight.!....l&-*For Catarrh, Acute or Chronic, Dry or Flowing;Cold in the Head lutlueuza20—For Whooping Cough, shortening and palliating It,or Soasruouic Cough.. .J.... - 21—For Asthita, Oppressed, Dijfficnlt, Labored Breath-ing, Cough, and Expectoration22—For Ear Discharges. Noise! in the Head, ImpairedSearing, Earache L23—For Scrofula, Enlarged Glands and Tonmls, Swell-ings, and old (Jlcets...! _.24—Fox Ge-":ral Debility, Physical or Nervous Weak-25—For JUropsy, Fluid AccumuJations.TumidSwellings, with Beauty Secretions » 2ii—For Sea-Si;:ki.eBB, Proatxruion, Vertigo, Nausea,Vomiting. [27—For Urinary Di*e«se*, Gravel, Renal Calculi, Diffi- cult or l*sinful Urination26 26 4526252625262526252525 252550505050566050SO5060There are two expenditures which the Committee EPIDEMIC CATARRH AND INFLUENZA. • ^ *., creased, and the outside recipients of the benefits of think may be avoided for the future. The office in the50 100 The entire set, case of Twenty-Eight large vials, in morocco, and2*—For Seminal Emissions, !luvoluntary Discharges, and Consequent Prostration and DebilityIt is, however, hoped thavt the Park may become all over (he world. Great names might be mentioned eventually a source of some revenue, and thus 'de-Case of Fifteen boxes (Nos. 1 to 15)i aad Book of Directions 2 00,>Sinrle boxes, with Directions aa above, 25 cents, 50 cents, or J&L OUR REMEDIES BY MAIL OR EXPRESS.t y We send these remedies, by|th6 single box or full case, to any part of the country, by mail or express, free of cliarge, oa receipt ofthe price.N. B.—The boxes No*. 1 to 15 are small size, Nos. 16 to 28 lar-e sLte. and In making up a $2 or $1 case this must be re- memKsred. The vials are uniform in «rlze and price, and in kendivg for a vial case no atteotiod is necessary on this point.CUMING—At Fort Hamilton, on Saturday,, Jan. 21 Thomaa Waring Cuming, only child of the lite Robert H. an.Case of any Six boxes (Nos. 1 to 15), and Book of Direc-I. an INVALID, published for |the benefit and as a warninginETrV^ORK J Q A ^rmmAvwDa D. JATKB it SON—Genu: This is to certify that mj tIOT3L*••*t*f«****ti**i**i***>'iti|"*M****>i*****"t ** A 'J youngestchild, five years old,wna attached by the Croup. Jand .Louisa D O B - O n Saturday, Jan. 21, after a lingerin? illness, Sarah Dob,writes: OCTOBKR 24,1865. and a caution tojoung r/en who stiffor from Nervoua Debility, Dr. D. Jayne & Son—Dear Sirs: Another ringvUir ea»e of fluHon- JAS. W. BKKKMA.V, President of the Board ofGovernors, followed with a few remarks. He said training of park-keepers is necessarily very differentGLENNAN—la thia city, « Friday, Jan. 90, Mra. Glennin. ustored to health.Truly yours, . "E. T. LEVY.Twenty pages of Certificates might be given from persons o« a characterandveracity,ifnecessary. HeadJayne'tMtdical Airover matter yet displayed to the world. The blessingsflowing from BOwonderful a disciovery could not be require. This speciul force would be in the regular estimated.Thecureshehadbe6npermittedtohear workmenonthegrounds,towhomspecialpowersmayof perfectly astonished him. He bould not have be- be given without increase of pay, to be used as occa-Parties havtne notes made, and payable in aay of the N e w England States woald do well to ealLUERTJ** COD LIVER ; OIL JELL Y , motta-c for 1U60.MBAYln Yonwapproved by the Academy of Medicine, is the only eurofc* CONSUMPTPN,ASTHMA,andallkind*ofCOUGHS. Ithi twice more efficacious then the HqUid oiLALSO,QUERU'S P A TENT JELLIFIED CASTOR ODd, Pleasantly fiavored, a^d takau withoot nausea, and does not tauseoonstipatlonafteru*e.Itisthebeatpurgativtjforohfr dren.Tobehadattheiuveutor'J,No."3e4tlzav.,andalro-.peoteble «uggi«ta PENFOLDJP ARKER A MOWER, No.15Beekman-st.,WholesaleAgenta.HEAL TH of AMERICAN WOMEN, *" 1 have examined and analysed the G-raefenberg Marshall's?• - «duesdoy, Jan. IP, Robert D. MeMurray.inthe60thyearolhUaxe. *>ww»»>HA VE YOU WHOOPING COUGH 1-Then use JAYNB'fi EXPECTORANT—The beat remedy to the world, as It shorten*— : — » ' :'•she cherished a very high regard. If the free testimony of one dwelling, and; by their personal care, their contributions, andwho has had in his family an unusual amount of sickness in vari- ous terms is worth anything to you and the cause of humanity, you are welcome to mine.oolicited alms, including donations from the State and City,4uivesuRtaincd it, while meusures were beiug adopted to eatab-'lish a Woman's Hospital on a broad and permanent foundation.The" preiieinscharacter of this great want cannot be better shownthan by the fact, that with only the feeble means at the commandof'these ladies, patienta of this,distressing and retiring^characierhave alreadv been relieved, coming from nearly every State ofthis Union, "from the British Provinces, from Central and bouthAmerica, from England, and from Chinaj wMle want of roomhas shut out many from the opportunity of treatment. TheLegislature of the State of New-York has given the institution acharter, and presented it with $10,000, with encouragement fortoitheraid, provided that funds should bo liberally suppliedDr. D. JATJJZ.THREA TENEDRespectfully yours,L. L. HILL.building.' . _THE CENTRAL PARK.be*n cured in my neighborhood. My little daughter was taken sides to broad streets, and which the groat improvements ofOorge C. Smaller agt. Samuel H. doughty—James Mason «($t- needed, only $1,039,146 19. That such a sum, how- Zebedee ting, Administrator of James J. JKing.—Judgments af-last November with an Enlargement on bet neck, which grew very last. I immediately commenced in giving her your Altera tive, and i>he is now nearly welL Gratitude toward you, and t deoire lo benefit the public, have induced me to write this, ani although I am a stranger to you, you are more than welcome tcYours, in friendship,. THOMAS L. TUNNEUi.modernCmstinotion, place within their reach, on plans which ate now under consideration." \A large number of the lady managers of the Asso- ciation w.ere present on Saturday, iincluding Mrs. David Codwifie, Mrs. W. B. Afltor, and Mrs. E. B. Mnrurn—FixHt., Second, and Third Directresses, re- ppectively; Mrs. Jacob Le Roy, Mrs. ?T. C. Doremus,firmed, with codts.BPKCIAL TKKK—Before Justice BOKWORTB.—DKCIATOM.holm, Sweden. March 10, 1857. ] urer, andrfckcretaxy, and the Corresponding Secretary, " Your invaluable medicine, the Expectorant, has been of Mrs. Ogden Hoftman. Several prominent citizensthe plans for that portion of the ground lying betweenJudgment for plaintiff, with coats.COURT CALENDAR—THIB DAT.UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.—There will beno calendar. Judge Betts witt bold the Court on Tuesday. „SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.—Part I.—Oyer ' andTerminer. Nos. 416, 369,400, 476, 467, 480, 482, 484, 488,494, 438, 500,502,504,506,508,510,512,516.518.SUPREME COURT—SPECIAL TERM.—NOB. 80, 52, 158,166, 60, 93,102i, 168,109, 171,173, 174, 175, 176,177,173,75,142,Pastor of the First Presbytetian Chuxoh, Terre Haute, lnd., May 8,1848.soothed and relieved,? nerve to further endurance ana effort?The.Report of the Assistant Treasurer, Mrs. Thoa. C. Doremug, shows the following details: ^ .Expenditures of the fiscal year ending January 14, 1860, $8,558 57.Receipts—Balance from old Jtccount, $16 '19; cash from Joseph Laurence and R. Minturn, trustees, $1,600; from the State Hosnital Fund, $732 64; from subscriptions, $451, from donations, $3,277; from boarders, $2,480 00;. balance, $1 72JAfter the reports were road and adopted, the venera- ble Dr . J o H NyV. F HAKCi s made the first addresB. He said that Providence had smiled upon their efforts, and their enterprise, passing through its early difficul- ties, had succeeded in having its original bold and novel design fairly developed for the approbation ©f the public Though science was of ixo party, the pa- triotic mind could not but be proud1 that the cure dis- covered for distressing female complaints, hitherto supposed incurable, was of American-origin, and that it had been hailed and accepted by surgical authoritieswill be less for several years to come than $165,000 a year. The sum for such a purpose is a comparatively^ small one. The cost of keeping the smaller parks, or, more properly, squares of this city for the year 1857 was $23,502 70. They cover a apace of 55 acres, while the area of the CentralPark, exclusiveof the reservoirs, is 702,68 acreB. No expense is incurred for police, gate-keepers, irrigation or planting, in the squares; the cost of keeping the Central Park in the same ratio with them, and.withthe same exceptions, would be $300,000. But this annual expenditure, whether much or little, should not, the Committee reason, and very justly, come oat of the fund for construction. They recom- mend, therefore, that the Legislature be applied to for a law requiring the Board of Supervisors to raise by taxation a sum not to exceed $160,000 until the* year 1861, and $120,000 thereafter. Lmatie use of your EXPECTORANT according to directions, which gave immediate relief, and a permanent cure was effected in two days. I can freely rocommend the EXPECTORANT for immediate relief from this awful disease, that hurls thousand* of helpless infants into eternity every year.Respectfully, R. A. COLLINS, Agt,AND STILL ANOTHER.ASHLKT, Delaware County, Ohio, D e c 9,1855.Doctor had endured before he brought his discoveryremarkable effects of your medicine.1 have been afflicted with a very SEVERE COUGH, andPremature Decay, Ac.;supplying, at the some time, the means of Self-Care, by one who cured hlmjself, after having been put to greatexpensethroughmedical impositionandquackery. Single •opies may be hod of the authoij, NATHAN 1EL MAYFA1R, esq , Bedloid. East Brooklyn, Kings County, New-York, by in- closing a post-paid addaesred envelope.0L I V E it'* PULMONIC WAFERS—For COUGHS, COLDS, SORETHROAT, icc They nevee fail. Price 25 cent, per box. te be had at 47fj and 609 Broadway. Manufactured at No. 194 Faltoa-av., Brooklyn. .PiiTEit C00?*-*1) e»<l'> being called upon, said that P W. GALLAUDET, NOTE BROKER, N». sick with lullammation of the Lungs. He had the best medical what had been done by this institution had exhibitedhaye not been troubled with either disease since.Yery truly yours, ABSALOM FLIPPEN.INFLAMJyiATIolTbF THE LUNGS. GUUKNOIUTUO. Mich., January 8,1856.Their efficiency, therefore, seems to require that they should be a distinct force, appointed and subject to re-late residence, No. 127 Wost Fifteenth street. irom.nis Scotch papers please copy.•HALTON—In this city, on Saturday, Jao 21, Mw. Halton, wife ol the latei Thomaa Halton, after a long illneas, of c o r r u p t i o n .Dr. D. Jayne & Ron, Philada.—Gentlemen: There have been a great number of cures effected by the use of your preparations, among which WUBone of my »oas, about two years old, who wasmy Cincinnati Observatory has convinced me that youwill be three years in commencing your Hospital, andmore than three in raisinir funds to complete, it. He moval by the Park Commissioners. And this, it is as- hoped this prediction would not prove true.a native of Comity Cavau, Ireland.L , t hl U S a t r d J 2 Lynch, a^d'c5";ears"^ ° " ^. <*-h PatrickJte^Vbmxbthat hehad been ofireid he oonld not attend thia meet- jj into conflict with the law, nor come short of ft, anding those deplorablefemale diseases before then deemedRetoived, Tb^t; while it is the policvof the Board t o e afine Ho ized by the Legislature, it is also the dutv of the Board to con-made available to a certain number of sufferers, and the wish and hope now entertained of extending its blessings by the erection of a large and permanent Hospital, will be gathered from the following extractfiom a circular just issued:struct the work placed in it* charge in such a manner as shall combine beauty of design with solidity and permanency of strnc-very essential service to my throat and breast, and 1 can scorcel; were also present, who participated', as follows, in the One-hundred-and-sixth and One-hundred-and-tehthdo without it a single day. Several of our friends, to whom w* have occasionally given some, express thomsolves as being much benefited."ASTHMA, SPITTING OF BLOOD, &c STOCKTON, Owen Co., lnd., Sept. 4,1857.Dr. Jayne—My wife having been severely afflicted some thres years with BRONCHITIS, and having heard of the wonderfu;Btreetsare still undetermined, and the cost of construc- tion may be larger than the estimate, about $225,000,and other diseaaee of the lungs, I purchased one bottle of it oneManagers have deemed it wice to present the wholeresult of their five year?' labors. In doingthis they areactuated by many eonsideraxions, but priucip&Hy by thewish to encourage those who hare faithfully aidedthem from the beginning, and the desire to assist andprepare the way for an appeal shortly to be made tothe public. This appeal will emanate from the Gover-nors, under the Charter grinted by the Legislature forthe establishment of a large and permanent Hospital, inwhich this Association is to be merged. They say, aidand assist in this appeal, for surely none who readwhat has been done by a few women gathering " here" a little and there a liitle," and hear that w h i t e sbeen done, is but the'Rtle of what might havebeen done,.had their mean3 been greiter, will refuse, same time, as far as it is possible to do so. But it when called upon, to cast their offering into their treas-WM. LLOYD, Lisburo, Pa., writeat .JAI4TTART 6,1858.I am just recovering from a Bevero attack of inrlaonza, or epi- demic catarrh, in which disease I found your Expeotorant to b«an inestimable medicine. -COLDS, COUGHS, AND PAINS IN THE SIDE ANDBREAST.DKAR SIR: In the Fall of 1H4B I was attached with a most violent racking pa'n in my left side, immediately under my heart, giving me the mi>»t excruclatinjr. agony, and at times rendering me entirely speechless. I think it was brought on by taking cold.Inthecourseofafewwe«Uitextendedallthroughmy breast, growing worse and worse every day, and giving myfriends the utmost solicitude ooncemin^ me. 1 tried for neat 'j a year all the remedies which .were recommended tor my dis- ease, under the most skillful physicians^ but unfortunately with- out success. Lwas at last about to give up in deipair, when a kind friend thought of your EXPECTORANT. I procured a bottle of it, and before I had entirely used the whole of it, IfeU manifest symptoms of a change for the better. I continued on using it, and by the time I had taken five bottles, I-found myself completely cured oy means of your invaluable medicine.Yours, very respectfully,T. W. M. HARVEY,CONSUMPTION.FOXDA, N. Y., Nov. 8,1858.This may certify, that nine years since 1 was afflicted with a disease which threatened me with Consumption, in addition tc which a Cough of the most aggravating kind. 1 had been at* tended by eminent physicians, without obtaining any durable relief At length, beuig reduced to a very low state of health, 1 was induced to try Dr. JA YNE'S EXPECTORANT, and, arte* taking one bottle, I was somewhat relieved; and alter toldnf three bottles I was entirely cured, and am well to this day., ISAAC CROSBY.CROUP .JOHN HARRTMAN, esq., Stewartstown, N. H., writes:" Not long uLace, a child of mine hod a very violent and distress- ing attack of Croup, which m'unt have proved fatal had not im- mediate relief been ootained.. I commenced giving your EX- PECTORANT, and witbin throe^quorterB of an hour the ohiM-, having taken Rix toaspcousiul, breathed with perfect ease—a cure within that time having boeJi effected. *'The Rev. JAXJIK W . jJAMlaX, Biackwdter. Morgan Co., Ky.,M l ha-Msnaed your EXPECTORANT and CARMINATIVE BALSAM in my famyj- with the most happy etfect. 1 rode eight miles to-day for mmn of your EXPECTORANT, to give one of my children threatened with Croup-"ANOTHER CASE OF CROUP. NKW-AUI«NT, Miss , Oct. 5,1855.lower part of the city, maintained at an annual cost of * . * 158 patients have been admitted, and 128 nearly $7,000, they believe may be dispensed with;the Hospital nearly doubled those oipast year.; * 1 dismissed, 83 of which were permanently cured, 40permanently relieved, 2 died, and 3 were incurable; «J0 still remained under treatment:and they recommend that no further purchases be made of the Nova-Scotia stone, the. cost of which is excess- ive. The plans of bridges, the construction of which has not been approved by the Board, they propose shall be recommitted, that superfluous ornament may be dis- pensed with. The estimated cost of finishing such of the structures as have been already commenced is75 1858 ....122 -i.Ov.i7 • s a a • • • ....158Total 515nearly $200,000.,COMPARATIVE BTATBMISXI.Board. $288 18 474 00 1,017 08 1,49998 2,480 02$5,759 26Total of Money. $3,035 437,804 00 11,'/4G62 7,14862 8,558 57$37,793 24r&tiento. . . . . 82Is not this statement sufficient to warrant the asser-tion that this institution has succeeded ? In futureNo provision for the current expenses of the Park has yet been made. It is not likely that these, whichw.% 'x'exercises of the day: Alter a prayer by the Rev. S. J.Prime, the Annuallieport of the Secretary, Mrs: Hoff-man, was read by Dr. Sims." The repbrt alludes to thedifficulties attendant upon the inception of a work of for that, portion. This estimate of the constructionThe, number\of paying patients has very much in-ing, as he had addressed over one hundred audiences inasmanydays..Butwhenherememberedhowmanyveers at?o. in a distant town, this Good Samaritan,. Dr.Sims, had visited his children and cured the sick,-wjith- of widening the Seventh aVenne to 150 feet," layingaway. In eloquent language he portrayed the analogy way of 38 feet iB the center, flanked on either hand The exercises in observance of the Fifth Anniver- between the rushing,.fearful, and appareully-relentless by ahorseback road of 30 feet, all divided byfonrworldly, and yet pushirJ^orwaVd the cause of human- . A brief statement of the design with which the ity, anu speeding on tijKlden year Hd sawthe hand of God in the sufferin^lfcich forced Dr. Sims to leave his home at the SoutbTsim!locate himself, unknown and uninfluential in this city—here to work out, and findpowerful friend8,-earnest, noble women,-to pushhised, otherwise than from the Improvement Fund.The Committee,which <joiiaisted of Messrs. Chas. H. Russell, Wm, K. Strong, August Belmont, and Andrew H. Green, conclude their report, by a series of resolutions which they commend to the Board. W eintendence of Dr. J. Marion Sims.:all to th« ground? He believed not, and made a fer- Rte'A-eed, T—. .-., -• • - • --- --Up to the 1st of July last there had been exaended $1,052,989 20 of this sum, leaving still for us<^ when;the Justices.—Dxct»io*H. ^*B'' <aaafLowell Holbrook, ccc. agt. Francis Vose et al;—ever, is not sufficient for the work proposed is jveryevident to the Committee, who estimate that the costof finishing the Park to One-hundred-and-tenth streetwill be $2,618,940. Adding to this the amount alreadyexpended, the probable total cost of the Park will tiongranted.be $3,582,874 95. It may be larger even than this, as James B. Byrne, Assignee, agt. Jacob Weeks, jr.—to make it a place of public resort. Should a discrim- SurERloR COURT.—Part L—Nos. 365, 275, 423, 457,ination of this sort be made, some ornamental ponds 459, 241, 469, <T1, 488,491, 505, 507, 827, 3.S7, 85tf, 249, 250, 361, 2^, 403. Part II.—Nos. 425, 438, 82, 310, 268, 412, 416, 422, 406, 430,hours of struggle, and times of discouragement anddoubt, will not the thought of these 515 sufferers, now come out cf the fund provided for construction, aged 60 years.into active aud successful operation. The expenses of licenses for invalid chairs and perambulators, and the relict or ToDias Dob, injtho 86th year of her aw.the Hospital for the first year were $8,000, while the outside subscriptions received were only $150., At present, the fact that there was not a bed empty in the building showed the appreciation in which the effortThe relatives and friends of the family are T.WD«ctfully Invited to attend the iuuaral on Tuesday, the 24th boat., at %o'clock p. m., from her Ute residence, No. 152 Thompson street*in my family, and having recently seen its uLnont miraculous this effluent city, stating the history and results of the be a blessing or a curse to the city. The Commission- • iaton of this city, aged 57 years and 8 months.effects in ennng ono of my children, who wus beyond the skill Association, liberal donation would bo immediatelyof our best physicians, in a case of LUNG FEVER and CROUP,1 thought it my duty to return you my heartfelt thanks for b-lne made, and a splendid building at once erected on thethe instrument in restoring her from expected death to life one ground appropriated by the city for that purpose. He and that in the Park is appointed, only at their sugges- FURMAN-On Sunday Jan. 22, Job Furman, aged 85 year*wohld mark the prefcent an era of philosophic medical progress in thi» metropolis.residence, No. 36 ICldridge street. *courtesy and consideration of that Board, the Com-mittee maintain that the Commissioners of the Parkshould have exclusive control in this matter. The wile of mutthew Glennan, aged 46 yetira.that nothing since the discoveries of Jenner had GIBSON—On Sunday, Jan. 22, oftor a short and severe illness, rackedwiththeGRAVEL and this, too,foranumberofyears. equaled the invention of Dr. Sims. Prof. Mischel from thatofBtreetpolicemen. Theymustunderstand Jaiuet. D.tiioson,a nativeof Lanarkshire,Scotland,axed 02I procured oue bottle of your EXPECTORANT, aud two ooxes yours and 4 mouths. ^ot SANATIVE PILLS, and after using them my Cough left had (-aid to him, referring to the hoped-for building: and be subjected to a different set of rules from the Tne relatives and friends of the familv are respectfully invited tome. 1 also used one or two bottltui of ALTERATIVE, and 1 " Sir, don't be too sanguine. My experience with others, and for that purpose need special instruction. attend the funeral on TueKdnv afternoon at I o'clock from hi.aidedbyaspecialforcewhichmightbecalledintoac-rates. Loans obtained un stocks,) bonds and good securities. some of your Expectorant. By the u*e of one bottle he was re- one of the strongest instances of the power of mind tion when needed, would be all that the Park would The relaUves and friend* of the family are respectfully invited•C4Wall-st.—Businesspapernegotiatedatlowest attendance,butwasgivenupasirreooverable,whenIgavehimThis valuable Expectorant Is prepared only By DR. D. JA YNE AtSON,No.!M2CHES1NUT-STREET,PhiladelpMa,whe« all Dr. Jayne's valuable medichifls may be had.Thev are also sold by Sohieffelin, Brothers it Co., NOB. 170 «sA Yi2 William-bt. and No. 40 Beekman-st., New-York.lieved what he heard had it come from any otherM ^ ~ TPtlBuffalo; at Greet Bend, with the Rafisaad for Seranton: and at Uterine Catboli'-on. The ingrediiints are very valuable in restor- Bttme, together with Lewis AbraniB, Alden Jonee, L. Tne Rev. Dr. PRIME succeeded Mr. Cooper. He which so large a Park is worse than usoless. They Cbailes and Margaret Spear, aged 6 moatlu.ing health, ana their peculiar eo nbiuation give* it a direot and :»YOrable action upou the uterine organs.A. A. HATE«, M. D.,Meamer METROPOLIS, Cent. Brown, leave* New-York every entirely cured by TWK Gai.KVKK«ltHa MAKSHai.r.'a UTaaiuit pulled down. The front wall of the building fell into had seen a hospital in Italy where 3,000 beds were their sports, their pursuits, their oomW and child of Gabridand Adella VauCott aged I year and 4 Woitik 4Bufntlo and Dunkirk, with the Lake Shore RaOroad, for Cleve- aaad, Cincinnati, Toledc, Detroit, Chicago, Ace, and the Canada RaihroadaTSUTU.'* MAXIM, Receiver. CHAS. MQtOT, Owl. Sept.F)RBOSTONandPROVIDENCE,TiaNEW-PORT and PALL RIVE8-—The splendid and superiorM. Wood, and CharlenM. Newman. The entire louareferred to the miracles of healing performed by Christrelate to the admission ot animals, the speed'at which Saruli, daughter of Palmar Tqwnsend.they may.be driven, the placee, whore they may go: Funeral from her father's residence, ia President street, nearTUESDAY. THURSDAY, and SATURDAY, at 4 o'clock, p.m.,andtheEMPIRESTATE,Cent.Breytea,onMONDAY, WXDHESDAY, aadFRIDAY, eUo'eloek,p.ncu,from Pier l»e. 3,N. B,Hex*>vTnxOKAaraxnKuaCojiyaxT,No.3-crAaA-aOw, NEW-YORK,AXVBVAI.I>Dajrt^oieTB.thestreet,some.fiveorabxyearBsince,whenithud beenerectedbutafewmonths,andtherearenowfilled,supported,notbyState,butbyprivatecontribu- tion*,andthenurseswerealljwomea,givingtheir timeandlookingonlyfortheir rewardfromHimwhogoing,andallthattheymaydo,andmay*ot dowithintheenclosure. Itid*absolutelyneceesarythatThertdativeaandfriendsof ^ ^ ^ ^ S ^ S S ^ ^ ^ ^ toattendthefuneralfromNo.24i$My^tTHirty-sejondatree^ on Tuesdny.aftenioon,the»4thiuat,atXfS.»•>WJ4thout|ur-,thornotice. ,,.,,. fi^ J 4 ,,Ox MIX Itxcxiw or *», Fnrx BOTIXXS BXXTBT BXTXKM,«W Hereafter no rooms wffl be regarded aa laourod bo any spptt> AX» cxAKOxa rxip TO * X » or EX*XJH* RODIX XBOX NXW- cracks in the waUe in other parte of the building.said: "Inasmuch as ye have done unto the loaat of the exact powers of the Commwoionew ori all p*ch WILLI AM8—In this city, on Saturday, Jan. 21/Warter S., »on -1 ol Solomon F . Williams,aged 15 year*. ,• n .* • ••.,) gswot aatll the «une shail have been paid for.Flight to Boston U forwarded through wtth greet atrpatoh byoai Bxpress Prsdxht Traia.WM. &ORDRK, Ageot, Sua W aad 71 Wo**ouYsufaaao Pkyriciem, Gratftnberg Copijxomy, V*.2& Parh+owthese, ye have doneit unto me." 1 matter* should be carefully aeoertairied that The friends of the iamily are Jvai>ectluUr Invited to attendlids The Re*v"'Mx. MILUUBJ^ the Blind Psoacbei, wid they may neither overstep tbeir *uth<>rrjy,, •onio funeral thia day (Monday), at lo'cloc* p. W-.at the w«Sd*peoS r * e , JOSHUA F. BRIDO:5, M. D., S*ft*r? and^Oo*-Tnos. BOOTH la our Agent in Twwros, N. J„ for the solo Tius Trunujufcand his apostles, to the hospitals of Scutari and the ing was always considered unnafe, and although the angel-like mercies of. Florence jNightingale, to thement of these blesaingn. it would seen incredible thatthere should be any lack of means to build up an insti- force, it is thought, would bo all that would be neededAlcMahou, duughter ol James and Alicia McMahon, aged 7 yeoxb and Umonths. • TMT-» -»PAULISON—On Saturday evening, Jan. 21, Richard Paullaon, „ag«'d31year*. ?~-.THisrelative*andfriendsarert>sj>eotfullyinvitedtoattend,hia funeral at No; 211 South Second *.reet, Jersey City, on Tues- day,24thiu<it.,at10o'clocka.m.Hisremain*willhe-1taken to Hackensack, N . J . , for interment. - •' 'PRYER— Suddenly, on Saturday, Jan. 21, AdeUne Sophia, <july childofGeorgeandAlberunePryer,axed2years.tutifasomuohwanted.Hewaayerymuchmistaken forsomeyear'stocome. \. FIREIKBOSTON.—OnSaturdaymorningthelar^ if itBhouldbefoundhicesstjurytowaitthree TheCommitteeurgethatthequestionastotheexyears to obtain the proper amount!of funds. He hopedfour-etorybrickbuildingNos.712to718,onthecost 10seeitcommencedthecomingyearandhurriedto'a actextentandlimitoftheauthorityoftheBoard>*'8 about $20,000, mott of which \& insured. The- build-local tUcrnur tMcmUU; and ootutktuturrudfrmvoU* rj t»om<nt are walla ore now standing, they will probably have to be not alone in poetry such devotion|wa8 to be found. He stringently, the admission of men, their 'behavior, V ANCOT'T— On Sunday aJtornoon, Jan. 22, WRUo,. youngestChemul/ot the Stat* of Ma*Hi*&UMctt*.nUntitled Documentgrazing ef sheep, anay aH be made a source of profit.The maintenance-of order and propriety within the I ) A V E N P O R T - O n Thursday, Jan. 19, at New-RocheBe, CoLPark is a subject of paramount importance, as on this Lawrence Davenport, in the 77th year of hia age. E Nserted, would be the most economical method of ar-r»w-,°--*•*•<**.rangement, as a regular force thus trained and created,K 1 JHU 21 EUZA b£mSvERfffl*-'sionmayarise. Fiftyregularmen,undertheexclu-source. As to the buildingneeded!for the full develop- sive control of the Board, and with suoh a reserve *feM A HON--In tbhi city, on Saturday, Jan. •21, AnaataKaClinton, on Tuesday, 24th inst., at 3 o'clock p. m. The ftieodis btoryofEvangelineinthewardsofsorrow.But'twas andtheymustregulatealso,notlesscarefullyaad ofthofamilyareinvitedtoattend. ;•.„•f ,flines oftree*. This fine approach to the Park o^i theaKide, and a new tri*l granted—the coats of the trial and of thia motion to be coats in the cause, and to *bido the event, jfi *?*QB William Van Vechten agt. Henry Lawrence.—Mo-BRIGGS—In this city, on Saturday, Jan. 21, Mr. John Briggs,R. Cuming, in the 10th year of his age.His friends aie invited to attend tho funend at the residence of nlyWEl•This pereat*, No- 101 Amity a»»ve*>; ; ' ; '„• , ,. ,.-..'• . .. • i'.i •.'•'. - • : " -;'** ,'••••••••• •:. .-"«.£ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 