 i*^n »et^ JDCeftOTl,it* i o t j ^Ration ©fof Lt> rst Ji»i Kevoh*.Jets withunle«t•r, let itSwd, he>r of theirrn caj*.ris mum-5 SEVEN DAYS l A l l FROMEUROPE}] protested against tbe police b&ng called npo-n to keejfthe peace while, the, Government, in Ithat House, ea-' oouraged thosa who violated it, the subject dropped.Pullinger, tbe defaulting caa»«ier of the Union Bank, AEEIVAL OF THE FALESTIWE AND ABABIA. had been sentenced to twenty ycar;8 p^nal servitude.Adefalcation onasmall scalebad been discovered against the Cashier in Panky & Co.'s Bank, London, but no prosecution had taken place.whosethe limited time, and still have abundant oppor-signed. This unexpected difficulty may interfere you i hM this sort of shuffling on thepart of the Repub-cunod.- •ght an*I sturdytoatic«j; as well Unita- larkabl©Hi* or thai|f li*er-poetry.earnest om the hen at he hadUifms)^ P* after owley, [try heanhya- fo the ?ntive„ <w*try, emofsingle ry a t sfa>d in. n;i.-nesdnity. * and ocuesW>-.bia study ading issionidy pf tassed his |On in and Lex- Bd he j>loy-iw-rsV dur- |<>. he Rege,and Col- |,and :atb-[urse. as a §15 afree it, t this jparijrtt ia tod >n *teler . (an|alican BioVof the Senate chamber is by no means satis- young giant killer ofthe West will take charge of thisI •'. I If Government and inaugurate those principles, whichfacto y |to tbe people of Kansas or their friends through- shall give free homes to free men, and advance its trueSAYEKS RETIRES FK^>M THE RING.3>eath of Theodore Parker.i| Public meetings had been b«W derarancingnhe Earf' m,of Derby's threatened .apposition to the paper duty.1The British Governm cat' had i.idned a proclamation* against enlistment for tb« Pope m Ire&nd, but not to- :nterfereinthesubscripti'orisforth*Sicilianinsurgent*-•Hhe law officers of the Crown not regarding it an illegal. • '. J '- . ;|The English fauds were very heavy aider Conti- ijibitaf politics; but there was more- steaoloess at the'close. '.'•% V^. FRANCE. • . ,,••';'?ysubscriptions, so that men v^ moderate means might not be choked off by the action of this House. ,Mr. STEVENS (Delegate iron; Washington Terri-Mr. Washbume's speech was greeted .throughout. are such at present that we cannot control their action,-;•"I'M V i i„NNA, M a y 17. A telegraph from Pesth says an aut ograph letter fn.-»<".of Mr. Schnable before the C o m m . ^ ^ on the the bill as corporators, on whom this great and valuable this capital what it should be. [Cheers.] erruu'id as franchise is proposed to be conferred. The use of theground of irrelevancy, but it was • In referring to the action of the Chicago .Convention names of these persons, without their'request or assent,!|:| .-."':'. AUSTRALIA^ '":.',"A telegraph froni Sidney, five days If iter, reports thetween Naples, Rome, and Austria, and all the deposed suspension of the large and old-estaol whed houses of./}I iRECEIVED ftYt 0 b o r e f e r r o d a8liouting~Del God Almighty's living DemmmmmmtBsstsSsXXXVITH OON&S^- HB8T SESSION.SEKA TE....W ASKitfoTos, JBay&, ' * ? : arge l tnoHt1tof m*•""(* i»K<*<fc•<>*"-^v'r* -•W-YORK DAILY TRIBlifNE, TUESDAY, MAY 29, I860.THE LATEST NEWS.eyeraince banging-firein the Senate withoutft .. ^'ng^poken in it« behalf. What does this moan?Providence m ^bam Lincoln was n ? V^J^owa,JMACayffTIC TELEGRAPH.A lFront \vra»Wn«ton, ,w>consented.olina for Mr. Picken's vacancy at St. Petersburg,steamer Piedmonte, ana destruction of the Lombarda. Coiiference, on the ground that, Cavour h ad .declared A Turin paper publishes a letter of Garibaldi to M. t|ia| Piedmont intended to take no part in tie dispute Rabalt, excusing himself for having taking the steam- bietween France and .Switzerland, reeulti. ug. from theers Piedmonte and Lombarda, on the ground tliati it annexation.,munion 7 2d. Is it consistent with our standards to was done in the interest of. the. national cause. These j There was a continued concentration o:f the Papalextend communion in sealing ordinances , to persons steamers were forcibly taken possession of, not char- troops at Guffio.T h e Committee discharged jsiou, but may recall him.lu/iout therouteAs some compensation to South Car-' VT. H. Trescott .of Charleston has been.tendered 2dr. Appleton's place. He has respectable parts, is well educated,' and afflicted with various, diplo- matic theories of little .value to the practical' routine of the department.A PANACEA FOR THE DEMOCRACY. ".Senator Nicholson assured a circle of anxious Democrats to-day that a panacea had been found ibr all the maladies of the party, in the probajble ziominatiou of Ex-Governor Seymour of New-York, which the South would accept with >ut hesitation.Our friends are agreed. Let the Democracy laydown the platform and open the ball.. ', Notwithstanding th*» family jars between Wen-ciples, as well as the doctrines of grace, terms of com-•—PB^TL£Z.2^S-"Zircl '"."'.' *1'" • '•4rfto*f*M8fcjjM5 !H^!S?E!^^S!S2SZiS£S^ W^*T^Z£±£Z&£ttg2i "/,,.-.._.- m-'-•v.y-.V ^««i.--turn of the Niagara, and cannot be made to be- which was conenrred in.On morion of Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., Wis.), a res-. Keve that it was occasioned by ah accident. They olution was adopted calling on the Secretary of the are fully persuaded it is an artifice to detain them Interior for information as to the contracts for the ox-tension of the Patent-Office.• in this country, and insist upon immediate prep- Mr. DIXON (Kep.. Conn.) desired to offer the fol-The Committee on Territories having wreported it back to the Senate without altera- JLaat Wednesday was the day fixed for its con- sidetjatjipm But the Clerk, it seems, made a mistakeHe referred to Mr. Hamlin, and said bis- superior in wisdom anc? integrity could not be found anywhere.Mr. French next introduced the Hon. Galusa A. Grow of PennsTlvania, who was received with cheersjresolution to-morrow morning.f materially with some of the projected arrange- The Poet-Office Deficiency bill was taken up, and aments in Philadelphia and New-York. In aiiy discussion ensued in regard to the details of the bill.• Mr. HAMMOND (Dem., S. C.) attacked tho reduc->Mr-HUGHES (Dem.', Md.) said it was xery hard dell and the Administration, • they recently ap- that they were not willing to do anything for theA Senate? from the South had declared that Mr.com'mnnication • relative to. Turkey, lodged.A formal pro'tiest against it; but this, was not so. He.-only r*^ cejivjbd the .communication under reserve,. by stati* jr thjatj he intended to refer it to- hisr Governnwaat for. i n- strultion on the matter. A later, dispatch; says-tbjit Eiigland would not interpose.. •proached him with an overture to go to New-York, and negotiate for the transfer of the few votes in that delegation which holds the balance in favor ofcentral route, gave his reasons for being opposed to the THE ADMINISTRA TION CORRUPTIONS. line-indicated by the bill. It was not right and- proper ISlr. Murphy, of the firm of Pease &. Murphy, to confine the grantees to a particular, line if one more'-, *%> . was before the Covode Committee to-day.economical and shorter can be found.Mr. CRAIG (Dem., Mo.) replied that his colleague-' *^ called mainly in reference to an alleged had Beryed his own constituents so long and faithfully 6 -»rta *'*°n °*" mme LiJOO votes from New-. that his vision had become contracted. He (Craig) had heard it said that if any friend of his colleague was V £0 •mecticut, at the recent election, but going to Heaven; the tatter would want him to startbis tbinkingj! ohalf a dozen old, respectable gentlemenhe fell when he made the bargain and repealed the when a lively debate sprung up. The subject 'was dis- were unable to disperse them, and troops were sum-' 'jlfie attitude *of Russia toward Turkey was attn ict-SD o u g l a s . H e was willing to act as their plenipo-tentiary, but required the sinews of war in ad-vance, • inasmuch as he is out of pocket consider- Railroad bill. ' j. ably, before he appoints to square their accounts. Mr. PHELPS (Dem., Mo.), though in favor of aing much attention, and reguxded as decidedly in en- acing,JTh£- St. Petersburgh telegraph states that, the p rnx-| cipal |foreign Ministers, excepting the Tuvkish^ » ,-ere| recently convoked by Prince Gostschakofy.,. who de- clarf d that tlie position of the Chi*istians in Turke-r had beconoeso intolerable that Russia, was oh the poi nt of|_ . * 21 . ,„v -bald, Chief Engineer cf the querque was the proper one, but he (Craig) did not.following letter to the Hon. G. R. Davis, ex-Speaker„,, _ WAXERFOIU), May 24, I860.' concur in stating that he was making good progress.Jetter from Mr. A. Clu ' * He had heard persons pay who traveled this rams-horn12. -^ < ± \-r»\ he hands oi a person who ronte that they were willing to be culled green hornsThe Hon. G. R. DAVIS—Pear Sir; In answer to Some say he had captured the niost important positions2saTy Department, t.v V e u ^ ^ ^ 3Q ^ for doing so. [Laughter.] He advocated tho routein- Sicily, except Messina and Palermo.After" his landing at Marsala, the Neapolitan warvessels bombarded that town, without a warning, and the British vessels interposed for the protection of En- glish residents! . ., # •The important announcement was made via Madrid, thatthe King of Naples had-applied for foreign inter- vention.was Treasurer of the x ' . . , . , . , ._ . j -u. hat he mijrht desire,proposed by the bill as calculated toaccommodate more people than any other.your letter? requesting my opinion as to the expediency of the nomination of Stephen A. Douglas by the Na- tional Convention to assemble in June at Baltimore, I must own 1 have reflected much on the subject, and, from what-1 heard and saw in a tour through several•IIi,l;.i'4mm1BB mford, with a request to do **• TM. V, -j.* %• x 3 % im1„ f,. , .Trade was brisk.Th;b American gun boat Mystic had leftthe; Sjouth Coast with the mails^The CJ. S. frigate Constitution was atthe 4th of May.a" e r this admis JJ• A^ n efi'oii; was made to strike ou-t• t|jt« testimony tain gentlemen, scattered all over the Union, appear injbeing connected with that of Mr. WalkfcT- -,"his was for the purpose of commanding influence in thisby "the Republican party, have. ... ...j „!„,„„„, j he delivered a glowing and eloquent eulogium on the rendered his nomination absolutely necessary, if weD'aMi Jones & Co. and Thompson, Symonds & Co. Theirt1- liabilities are thought to amount to £260,000 steflijig. It was feared other houses would follow.LONDON MONEY MA RKET.j 'he''London Money market wan troubled, the aSpect of political affairs exercising, a de pressing influence. Omthe 15th there was more steadiness vi the Funds" but:the market was dull. The deuiand f</j mpney w;w pretty brisk, and the rate in tho open miv.ketwas onlyafractSon below the Bank micimnm. LATEST—By TeUgrd^fkio Q'tecmlown.jecord is not at all agreeable to the Administr^ and J. B. looks melancholy..l o n)House.Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) replied to Mr. Smith, andcharacter and statesmanship of William H.Seward,Italian Sovereigns. . ;The lutcst accounts from Naples represent the ut-most consternation there. The troops were dispirited. Tumultuous maifestations were taking place, the royal family packing up all their jewels and valuables, and other strong indications that a great insurrection is looked for at anv moment.At the latest dates Garibaldi's forces were moving on Palermo. *GREAT BRITAIN.In the House of Lords on the 14th the Marquis"ofNormandy moved the production of all the correspond- ence with British representatives in Italy relative to Garibaldi's expedition.The Government promised to produce the dispatches.MEETING OF THE RIVAL ROSES.An amusing incident occurred at Mrs. Blunt's reading at Willard's Concert Hull on Saturday cveuing, which caused much comment. Two sofasTiew programme has to be made respecting the move- t merits hence of the Japanese. 'They'are anxious to ,return to their countrv at the earliest possible period. ^fCfo-day they are receiving visits from, the Army and,X'avy"officers and their families and others.The Hon. Heury W. Phillips of Pennsylvania has jfceen tendered by the President tbe office of Commis- . . jriwier to adjust claims under the treaty with Paraguay. Tbe Republican ratification meeting in front of the City Hall was largely attended by persons of ail parties.speeches were made by j Mai. 6. B. French, Senators2>oofittle and Wade, and Representatives Washburn < <f Maine, Grow, and other Congressmen.The intervals were enlivened with instrumental mu- *fc. All' the speakers were enthusiastic in their pre- <$**ton of the election of Lincoln and Hamlin, the only «$e«j3*>n being their majorities. The resolutions rati- :ngd 9** Chicago nominations, expressed patriotism, 3nbr&*4i)g the whole Union, approved [of the Republi-, z«an pUuti'onn. and asserted that the Republican party •wotud, under all circmnstanees, bow to the majority of Jaw, and adhere to all constitutional requirements. .Mr. RKAGAN'S (Dem., Texas) amendment, alter- ing the first section so as to make the proposed grantees merely the trustees for tho organization of a company to build the railroad, was rejected.Xlie Savannah Slave Case.i •ro^e business faWMm, ?• ' The bill making appropriations to complete fhV#*>-'Oomm,ttee m to it until a very late day in tbe se<^Iou."TMTMtjLiterest was transacted.As it •^ity; it1 e14 the IIT K should- have beeni*,H<jiatelyTHE JAPANESE IS l^WtthK.The Japanese are much exercised* dbcmt the re- pf the two Houses on the Military Academy bill, fate ave . tho slightest • interest in its peopled -• • ••'.;-';landing of Garibaldi in Sicily.SUCCESSOrTHEEXPEDITION." mentU'»dispatchvesselsto takesoundingsandmakea*pec*»l DUp«tck to Th« N. Y , TriN -WASHINGTON, Monday,May28,I860.VCVk ftf DfArr/s.. ^ „ J -IX',. .1.: iV_"H.an<tvpnf;wd. °AVl Mm made Mr. DA VISK^imS ? SP*?'* ' -y areport from the Committeeof Conference oh disagreeingtothevotespushed in the Sena. thereafter. But nobody seemed< resident. It is a work of supererogation to ratify. ItisSteadyratifiedon highand in theheartsofthevia,iSro Island and Iceland,andsolicit the Govern- survey cf tbe route.Mr. C n ^ k e y and Col. Shaffncr explained the nature of the project, and several Arctic navigators urged the importance of the survey.I Lord Palm erston requested the full details in writnigv ! Sir Charles Barry, the distinguished architect, u»jnil in thin city, and permit him to pa*u without restraint within the limits of the City of Washington.towi rdj tbe end of the session, at tho suggestion of[Voice—Wendell's got it. Great laughter.}He referred to tho measures and principles of theMr. CARTP:R (Rep., N. Y.) asked that a day be set 1the United States.foot the doctrines of Jefferson, Madison, and all the old and,"true| Democrats.•i-ji ' '••M!\ RUSSIA.- i i1"apart for the consideration of the District of Columbia business, but various objections were raised by Repub- 11OiX AIn this respect they trample underDistrict.The House concurred in the report of. the Committeeof Conference on disagreeing to the amendments'to the West Point Academy bill, which, in addition to the usual items, appropriates §35,000 for the construction of officers' quarters, the provision for the mounted regiment of Texas volunteers omitted.Douglas was a fallen star, that he had broken his bar-The House resumed the consideration of the PacificMissouri Compromise.: [Voice—" That's so.'']roolittle, was not willing to let out the He, Mr. Bjthinking of t]ie American people to any set of men. A•e any vitality must think for itself. • The party tlj) havRepublican party is to-day the reorganization of the old tru<-i Democracy. Could a post-mortem exaenjna- tion'be held on this dead Democratic party, it .vouldibe easy! to tell the cause of its death. It was a double-beaded'organization. If "you cut into the Southern head, it wopld be found to be dying of Calhounism. The Northern head was dying of softening of theposed of by adding Drs. Pressley and Guthrie and the inoned, who fired on the people, killing four andRev. R. Gracey to the Board of Publication as a Com- wounding ten. . 'Several were arrested. •mittee to make such verbal amendments as they may Latest.—A Turin dispatch states that during the landing at Marsala four pe'i-gons were killed. Thesee proper, and publish the Psalm-Book thus amended, arms and ammunition were disembarked. Other arms and report to the next General Assembly. The under- coming from the Levant were landed several days standing is that no amendment shall be made affecting', before on the Southern coast. ,the integrity of the version.The Hon. John Cramer, delegate at large on the covery of his power. The garrison had been rein- fbrlget that she is pledged to advance the inter ests of|.^..ttT....ft»Yet the Democratic prints say he is riot of ti>*'e Jndah, not one of the first families, and not fit u ** beAn influential deputation, headed by Mr. Milner Gibson, waited upon Lord Palmerston, to lav before himtheplansofacontemplated telegraphtoAmerica,," ~v narlo toithe Committee on Territories & « o m m ^ consent? mocracy. He was one^ K S was C J . " " *""*** *fair presumption was thatthemonth agofinal! tionGEEi!T CONSTERNATION IN NAPLES.arations for their departure. *The Naval Commis- lowing resolution, and to say a few words by way of in ei tejrang the fact in his journal, putting it down for mingled with a fow hisses. He reviewed the course THEROYAL FAMILYPREPARINGFORFLIGHlj dead. ^j&ion have not yet been able to remove this, preju-Retclvtd, That In the execution of the ordt;r of tho Senate for tg^e, though^very persuasion has been employed the imprisonment of Thnddeus Hya^t, th«> Swg»ant-at-Arms bethe joumal and proceeding to the consideration of the8f t h e m t h a t'i» sa»^ y they can reach Japan withinsurplus of $17,000,CPOO. Now there is a deficiency of nut homed and directed to remove said Hyatt from' the common spec: ill Order, Kansas was shoved off one week further as many millions, anc? a debt of $65,000,000.explanation.We< nelsday week; whereupon, instead of correcting of this Administration, who came into power with a'John C. Heonan wjitefj a letter to* The f^ondon. Times, complain,"ogOf hie inability to ceme to any ar- rangement with i^syers frraretvewal of the contest- The Heenan-^ayers Affair Settled. Be says he is willi "Jg to accept the proportion that h*and Sayers should have a ben apieee, got np by psblic-Repi bKcan Senators, and the Senate made to accom-|T. with 4 tunity to vi^itour principal cities, as originally de- and the debate, and the same lies over under the rules. moda te]itself to an error of the' Clerk. I beg to assure Republican party, asod said that next 4th of March the E A C H mtiX T O MATH A B E L T . hands of tbe editor ot Bcir* Life, to be fought forc Hllb#ve*inoA^j^ ^^^^e^ e is a true American mooracy,andnotspouting it. 'I;>." _ .' ~-—~>and no other country could have prodn ^d suohaman. '<r tribe ofi««i-Ml»«Ty-"ii rn I-»II MIIWise seiection they had made. Abra-jsubscriptioii, the tru e champion's bo2t remaining 10 the Mr. DIXON gave notice that he would call up the jagain.Mr. OKEEN (Dem., Mo.) objected to the resolution^vent,theJapaneseasktoberelievedfromgoing tionofpostage,andsaiditwouldbonecessarytoin- outt.kenountry.Itissaidthattbethreeelectoralvotes interests.TheRepublicansaskthatfreeandhonestout at night, and attending balls, and such specta- crease toe rates. of Ki mmisare not regarded by the leaders of the Repub- labor may have room to work it's way to independence.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) opposed this view, and lican bajity as of any importance, because they cannot It is a question b«tweemthe men whe own the laborcles, for which they have no taste, and which are cited statistics to show that the revenue had increased. perceive any contingency in which three votes can be of others, and those men who own their own: musclesrepugnant to their habits of life at home. They Mr. HAMMOND said that the revenue had indeed decisive: of the election. It is also said that, in the and brains—that is the qnpjr sectionalism chargeable to manifest great interest m all useful and mechanic increased, but the expenses had increased in a muchlarger' proportion. The United States had not concen- eventljof the election passing into the House of Repre- tbe return. And this party has talcen one from, amongTBE EUSSO-TUBKEY DIPFICULTT,l*rob»r>Mc: Collision ftetrrren the 5*3pal an*" arrived at Paris te visit Napt>Icon.• .arts, and express greater satisfaction at their trated a*population like England, to justify low post- Twit to the Navy-Yard and its workshops, than all age.- The latter was a scheme of the newspaper edit- ors of the large cities to secure a large circulation for their journals. It was a scheme to oppress the people of the rural districts for tho benefit of the commercialjyes, the admission of Kansas could be of no the sons of toil to bear their standard. TheDoraocratic- advantage to the Republicans, inasmuch as i party had-betrayed the cause of free labor, and struck irender one more vote necessary to a choice, down the compromise of our fathers,, and'on the 4th of ire, therefore, inclined to suspect that this inac- November, when they are dead, you can read-oil theirThe Czar's brotlhtr.; Grawf' Duke Nichofeo, hadthe public exhibitions.THE MILITARY ACADEMY fclLL.and political interests.Mr. GRIMES (Rep., Iowa) thought a largo propor-Piediu<mif«i«e T r o o p n . .• . • •— , 4 & - 1 ! ' XCount MontemoKn and brotBer had -also arnved at Paris. *The Bank of Fragee return* Sfrought bv the PersiaThe conference on the Military Academy Bill3k21ed off the proposed Texas Regiment a hd thesubstitute which was designed of mounting two in-fantry regiments, thus saving $1,000,000, which kind enough to name some of these supernumeraries, the Senate endeavored to impose under a fictitious no doubt the Postmaster-General will be happy toavail himself of the information.clamor, contrived in Texas, for the purpose of se- Mr. GRIMES thought something should be done tocuring this expenditure, and to which some were control the charges made by Railroad Companies,inclined to yield in the House. Cortina's ravages steamboats, etc., which were exorbitant.Further discussion ensued, in which Messrs. HAM-ndicates an unprincipled attempt to compass by tion the defeat of Kansas, so as to raise a point wouldgivetheRepublicanpartyanadvantage1:1action,withthedesign,ofcourse,inthatcase tjbe Democratic party responsible before the The writer would be loth to accept any such >|f0cM{!ionp/eofpltehe fact as this. But it is well known Hf. i0T of Kansas have suffered beyondcoffin, "Died of disease contractedou the 30th of May, 1854." [Laughter.] .;Hehadjnstreturned'fromPennsylvania;inhereallwerealiveandenthusiastic,andLincoln--waselected FatherPointat2o'clockyesterdaymorniDg. The tJieeventofaSicilianinsurrectionr•leaduagtotheex- now. [Laughter.] It only remains to count the votes. steamship Arabia, from Liverpool tho 19th in*t«. via trbgion of the Sardinian KingdomT the Bmperor will*vere all imaginary, except as they were directed MOND, YUDEE, CODLAMER (Hep., Vt.) and others,aspect, and asserts that Franc* •, Russia, Awtria, and [1Spain-wereleaguedtogether.gainst the Treasury.THE PENDING TREATIES.participated. I.Postmaster-Generalcurtailingthemailserviceonmany haveconsequently adheredtothat party throughout. chargeofthisGovernment,andto-day the inasses^of Liverpoolearlyonthe.moraingofthe:14th. |ferstothesamesubject.•Hesaysit i»froposed thatIt is not improbable that the President may call anExecutivesessionoftheSenateimmediately beenbadlyexercisedbytheDepartment.But the pare suspicion, however unfounded, that the Republtcansareseekingtodefeattheminthisimport-andHamlin,whichwassuretotriumph.after the Legislative adjournment, if the treaties tvhicli are still pending shall not be fully consideredMr. COLLAMER contended that the discretion hadMr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) strongly opposed the ant jun ture, would give the State to the Democraticthis country are rallying around the ticket of LincolnThe Hon. Mr. Spaulding ofjNew-York was intro- Liverpool at 1 p..m. of the 15th;master-General which had belonged to him for sixty. !>efore then. That with Mexico has expired, but vears, and inaugurating a system of extravagance. ItThe steamship Hammonia, from New-York, arrived at Southampton on the 15th.1itlias withheld his nomination for the mission toJvUMsia, Heisnowurgedbyhisfriendstoactaw considerationofthePacificRailroadbill.Washington.SpeciulMiepat'chtoTheN.Y.Tribune. .'.'•'- WASHINOTOIV, Monday, May 28, 18G0.there was a ^tremendous ciy of "noes," with greatMr. HOUSTON (Adm. Dem., Ala.) hoped not, for „ counsel 'for the American claimants before the to-day Would be waated in turmoil and wrangling aslaughter.,' ..tion of the deficiency resulted from the salaries paid tberouteagents,andmanvunnecessaryoffichds.The steamship Palestine, from Liverpool afi%%-p. m. i| erroneous. Ine willion really decrea «ed £56.000. I The Government deposit* decrease is- .CI,600,000.Mr.YULEE(Dem,,1*V)—IftheSenatorwill'beAt the conclusion of Mr. Grow's eloquent speech-he received three rousing cheers. •QuetnstowE- the 20th inst., arrived at Halifax-at 1likely demand compeasatiec: .for a* fresb. extension of French territory. /The next speaker was Senator Wilson. He said the-six years by being connect- Democratic party had failed to make a rtominatisn at this evening.The Pans correspondenlr o.f TJie London Herald twezn the Cabinets of'LondVa :and Paris. Respecting-this, he says matters seldom wt -re in, a • more critical'wi: b| I the schemes of politicians to controlthe «eetions of the country. They have al- But the Republicans at Chicago had unanimously simultaneouslywiththePalestine.-Charleston, and were to-day utterly torn to pieces.. The steamship Glasgow sailed' for New-York directMr. YULEE particularly defended the action of the' ways it garded tho Republicans as their friends, and nominated a son of toil from among the people to take- The steamship Vigo, from New-York, arrived at | [The Paris correspondent-of 1Tk':>e Lond*?n Times re-routes.fthe two Government* set tlrehriiu 'es egaaatst mterven- The Royal Mail steamship America, from Boston, via ' tion, whether from Austria, Pie< 'most, ov the PapalHalifax,arrivedatQueenstownon-the14th,andat•jSlates,andlettheSiciliansaudi^Neapolitansfightit. |out. Belays the relations be<?vr« en Franice a»d En-House bill, as taking away the power'fiom the Post-party f<;r|the next twenty years.jgllahd require such gentle handh'ag thsJo the Govern- jmjent press were notified' to ue« no jtoxxag laaguage bgjiinst England.The appearance of bad fail r;|in this matter could not fail also to excite 4nduced. He said there .was a moral force in a gather-ing like this in Washirigton.Mata has received authority to extend the time was started by the Republican party, and showed many I eaiublican minds, in all parts of the country, a crats.] He wished to speak for New-York; andtwo months. In the present complications of Mr. GREEN tDem., Mo.) contended that the Post- men to ; yhose hands they are called on to commit the less than 40,000 for "Honest Old Abe." [Voice— States steamship Yanderbilt, from New-York, arrived | ;(M. Thouvenel hau issued the toUt >W5DRJ dccu»7atioiv- Mexico, which are more embarrassing than ever, master-General had reduced the service under circum- Government of the Confederacy for the next four years. jfor' better preserving to the Districtu of Ofcablais and[Voice—Yes; all Demo-what its professions of economy were worth. serious 1: struet of the sincerity and patriotism of the promised that the Empire State would be good for not Queenstown at 9:30 a. m., of the 16th, and the United M d declined to 69.90.stances of necessity which did not now exist, and that What has become ofJohnBeil? The cause is-Onward,, at Southampton about an hour later. • •.'• Fiaucigny.the character of neutrality stipmlated by arti- the Senate ma/y well hesitate to act on that treaty, it was within his discretion to restore service where it - Washiti Very respectfully yours, , K A N S A S . and will go onward till it has spread over every State The Royal Mail steamship Africa, from New-York, cle-92 of the final act of Vienna^ Fra nce-eeosenta thatffl&n, May 26, 1BG0. /especiallyasLerdo,throughwhoseiafluenceitwas wasthusdiscontinued. [We cheerfullyaccordahearingto 'Kansas;" •'inthis.Union. •[..'•mainlyobtained,is alleged to be on the eve of The propriety of restoring the mail servicefrom butwefttipwhedoesinjustice to the.Republican •He wasfollowedbytheHon.JohnA.Binghamofwithdrawing from Juarez's Cabinet, to be sue Charleston via Savannah and Key West to the Ohio, in a strong and eloquent, speech, setting forth } steamer Isabel was also largely discussed,' Messrs. Senat( : There is not one of'them who-is notceeded by Ocampo, whom he followed. Mr. Sun HAMMOND and MALLORY advocating it and anxiou nd zealous for the Admission of Kansas tbe principles of the comihg contest,' and prophesying meager and disconnected. It (was asserted that he had, \ The Paris Bourse had^ been greaib r (leprwsed, butmons.has not submitted the amendment he proposes Messrs. YULEE and TOOMBS opposing it.After a long debate, o» motion of Mr. JOHNSON,to that treaty, to his Republican Iriends, but it will the Senate went into Executive Session.he difficult to frame one on the basis of Mr. Mc- 3Lane*s negotiation which will prove acceptable.THE MISSION TO RUSSIA,•At the request of John Appleton, the Presidentat this ession. Whether they c ould or could not the triumph of the future. landed at Marsala; but another statement is that, al- closed firmer. Rentes. 68f.S0e..The Hon. James B . McKean of New-York said he though a force of one thousand men landed there, it 'I |The French Minister at-Naples* had asked for fourpromote jhat end by open urgency', they probably seconded what was said by Mr. Spaulding of New- was not known whether Garibaldi was among them. ships of war, and the vessels had been se.it.On the reopening of the doors, the discussion of the Post-Officb bill was resumed. - . ' .know betie'r than we do.. That they are actingWithout taking the question, the Senate at 6 o'clock wisely as rwell'as justly, is our strong conviction. " good report" from that State in November noxt. •adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. CORWIN (Rep., Ohio) moved to postpone thoho*ur£—being, it is asserted, prevented by Englishsteamers. The firing could not be resumed until theEnglish officers hag returned from the shore to their ITALY.vessels. Thevolunteerswholandedwere fighting 'T'heodoreParkerdiedatFlorenceontihe10thinst. with the royal troops at the moment of the mail's de-parture. It was reported that Lamoricicro bud m acbaforwardofthe16tbinst.,viaQueenstownthe17thinst.,passed iItisin&rredfromsomeofthePfcris papersthatinp. m. yesterday.The Palestine will b*. due at Quebec at a late hour sjiys an ominous correepond«m» 2 hao commenced be-'The steamsh Australasian, from Portland, arrived at | The Paris Bourse was very-Hatan dagitated.•BenteaarrivedatLiverpoolonthemorningofrJie20th.jsa|d districts shallremaai witbouft^el ineof>$be French. pustoms,andformaseparateeommercialschemeunder aIpecialregulation.j Ipf'he report that France had ofTerec 1a pecuniary ih-GARTBALDI'S EXPEDITION.Intelligence relative to 'Garibaldi's expedition is 'dejmity to Switzerland, was ur/f&indted •'.A Vienna telegram of the 14th states on reliable in- j The French fleet was about to sail foi • t."*e Levant. formation that part of Garibaldi's expedition disem- i There were vague and unauthentic m mors of a newbarked at Marsala on the 11th from two vessels. The French loan for military purposes." ' Ed. trib.l The meeting passed off quietly, with no-attempt at rbVal ships were obliged to.cease firing .during two | Jphe Prussian Chamber of' Hejwrtiesb ac^ipaa»ed therRepublican Ratification Meeting at disturbance. On asking a vote on the resolutionsydyernment project for a war credit, 31i > against 2L ,Paragisay Commission, and, as that will prove last Monday was, and of which every man here was The Efcej|nblicans of Washington held a large and IJnited Presbyterian Gcn'I Assembly An official dispatch of the 13th from Naples says the ..lojyement with the Papal troops, and tha t 5,000' Pied- afterward ashamed. entbnsi:sti« meeting this evening, to ratify the nomi- Special Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune. ;. firing of two Neapolitan frigates off Marsala "killed mojriteBe troops had embarked from Go;uc&••to>checkmore 'profitable than the mission, he will doubtless Mr. CORWIN should be sorry to introduce any sub- nation iif Lincoln and Hamlin. A large crowd was /I .'.' PHILADELPHIA, Monday, May 28,1860. several fillibasters. As regards the two vessels in I Ijtwas positively asserted that • the Fre neh Jarray ofaccept. Mr. Appleton's resignation as Assist mt ject productive of such a result. His object was totransact some business, and not create turmoil. gathercp in front of the Court-House. As the pro-FOURTH DAY. '. which they arrived, the Lombarda was sunk, and the Rome had received orders to evacuate that citj>Piedmonte has been captured. The Royal troops . i It! was said that the Sardinian Governm tentJ had or- The Assembly met at the usual hour, and spent half marched to meet those who disembarked. derjed the garrisons of Central Italy to, mi ir«h rapidly*Secretary of State was filed two months ago in Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) suid every man's cessionthe department, but the President desired its ac- mind was made up. The Pacific Railroad had been a ceptance deferred until now, when he reluctantly pending subject for five years, and it was time it was greeteddefinitely acted u}>on. Were gentlemen afraid to meet the responsibility 1Mr.. ELIOT (Rep., Mass.) spoke earnestly of the importance of taking up the Lighihouse bill.Mr. FARNSWORTH (Rep., 111.) said mat both wi»gs of the Democracy at Charleston agreed that the Railroad should he constructed.JOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N.Y.) inquired whether Mr. Farnsworth supposed the Democracy fixed to-day when the subject should come up. [Laughter.] ,Mr. FARNSWORTH replied that the Democracy of this House had fixed to^-dav when it should be con- sidered. He hoped the friends of the measure would not vote for the postponement, which would be the means of defeating the bill, as it would have to go to the Senate. ..-The House refused by a vote of 57 against 118 to postpone till Thursdavi.ejn front of the building, they wereYork, in regard tp the Empire State, and. promised a(witib three rousing cheers for the nominees of an hour in devotional exercises. Other dispatches confirm the news of the disem- forward toward th,e Pontifical frontier.The Judicial Committee made a report on a memor- barkation of Garibaldi, and of tho capture of the j Austria refuses to admit Piedmont to tl he • proposedthe Chilagej Convention.Mr. B: Bj French briefly announced the object of the ial from members in the Presbytery of Argyle on themeeting referring to the compliments paid to Mr. Lin- following questions: 1st. Are our distinctive prin-coln by|thef Senator from Louisiana (Mr. Benjamin), read a [series of resolutions, and introduced SenatorDoolittljj, who was greeted with cheers.Mr. Dbolittle said it was for no ordinary occasion thatthis meeting jwas held at the National Capital. The once powerful Democratic part}' is now in the throes of dissolution, because the soul has gone out of it. Not one doctrine 'of the old Democratic party is left to the present organization. They.have changed their creed on the cjuesti'on of Slavery, and, instead of admitting it to be aneviij they now.prO'claini it as a Divine institu- tion; that it shall go into all the free 'Territories Of•_ :, ed beyond a certain point for satis- Irom St. Louis, going through Springtiild and Albu-washotexa*.*0r1i1* ,, ., ... , . : . , querque to get there. [Laughter.] His colleague brain,andi' youstarcheditstillfurthertotheregion Housemeeting,andrepresentativemanof the Wood- chantaTeDcnm,asorderedbytheauthorities.He admitted having received a thought the thirty-fifth parallel through Albu- factory reasons. ., , , „ . . ? . .,of the . Idiaphgram, it would be found to. bo dying of rotteDhess cf the heart. [Great laughter.JMr.^asl burne of Maine was the next speaker. He said the time was fast coming when the last man of the Democratic party should pass away, to return no more fe-rever. [Laughter and cheers.] He congratu- lated the citizens of Washington on the prospect of a new power, that should foster the true-interests*of labor and commerce, and make this Government andDickmson movement in this State, has addressed theMr. Phelps's amendmentthrough Salt Lake was rejected by 43 against 74.Lagore for Madeira onto strikeMr. SMITH (Dem., Va.) said that the names of cer-desire to secure the ascendency of the Democratic par- ty in the State or nation. •...... .and declared that none would labor more earnestly forCm.*'H) very, well knew that instead of taking men who the nominees of that Convention than the friends of I have for any other good and- consistent Democrat,have l. uu% a,'°lll)<l Congress, they selected men who, the Newjj-Ycork Statesman. It was not a question of and would, so far as I am concerned, as cordially sup- i'l good 0lilll> being honorable; will carry out tho will port any other man as him. But I am convinced that of ^JongreK1:. -^.° 8UCU m o t i v e tl« Mr. Smith intimated doubt who would be next President. It was merely a lie is the only man who can carry in tho State and the had iVdmencCu1 ,in.'V , ' question of majorities. No better man lived, he said, Union. Mr. Douglas is not only an available but anfll> id that, as a member of the Select Committee,he"(Mr.I have no-personal, attachment for him any more thanMr &W1TH f^' l"{lt "jefiC corporators,couldsell out than the !nominee for Vice-President. He. was true experienced statesman of marked ability, unalterable were placed at the head of the room ont opposite and make « good K''.1 ^^ the speculation. . and honest.'! The Democratic party will inevitably be firmness of purpose, and an indomitable perseverancejsides so as to command the whole hall. When the audience was assembled, the. President and his party walked in and occupied one.- They had jBcarcely been seated when Mr. Douglas and his partyenteredfromthesidedoorandoccupied the other. . The rival roses thus sat eyeing each otherwith aflectiojcate interest throughout, and greatly to the edification of a fashionable audience. The court flies never buzzed on the Douglas* side, and officials had a sudden insensibility to his presence, who claim familiar terms on other occasions.•To th« Associated Pre»».WASHINGTON, Monday, May 28, I860.Mr CURTIS repV'0- TMat it was no franchise at all, consigned to that political limbo where the wicked, but was likely toprovv'Hlmrden..Mr. SMITH desired t)u'lt books might be opened for cease from- troubling and the weary are at rest.—important qualifications for the Chief Executive.1 would myself support any good Union man of the South, but the feelings of the masses North and Westf In conSecjuence 'of the accident to the Niagara, a same time. He was Opposed to the pending bill.•: trations.one is satisfied. [Voice—D-i-d'if we ain't.]There was but one 'measure the Democratic party had inaugurated, and that was thb status of Shivery in Mr. REAGAN then offered another amendment that the Territories. This is tho oifly idea of the party: ' •would claim further territorial compensation if Sardin- ian territory was"extended'by the pending movements. He also announced that Government had receivedinformation from St. Petersburg as to the state of af- fairs in Turkey similar to what appeared under tho head of " Russia and Turkey," but they had no infor- mation as to the concentration of a Russian army OH the Pruth.most' SpiporUnt positious eu». t'ne island. Frem other intxdligencc it appears that a p \ » t h a of (Vuibaldi's ex- pedjfjijn landed in Calabrjji, ^ d . that the igsiuxection was] Utreatening Naples.LoipoN, May 17.—Tfo IjontIvn Ti::ies. has received he following importnivi dj; match from Nayle*_ u'ilan-3 is pj«cark>us; tho &ing has re- T N state of «'«'-»-- =•- * • * &-~que jt< d foreign interfere nee..The dispatch from P .aly er^ate^ a bewildering effectwith cheers and laughter.Amid lOud cries, Senator Wade appeared and wasand if we should make the rush attempt iiovv, we must be beaten by overwhelming majorities./NThese few reasonswoiild govern my action in the pending nomin-com the! Emperor will be published to- sorrow, allowingtory)advocatedthreeroutes,a Northern,Centraland greetedWithenthusiasticcheers. Hesaidheknewno ation. IhavenotadvertedasmuchasIought,perhaps,Coi:st;tutionalSuperintendentstea;K.«jirl>le.a Conven- his measure relative t > newspaper-postage, on the plea tion <o discuss, the questiou of senc'on^ deputies, to'theSouthern one. He spoke of their Military importance, great meaiWe of welfare to the country at largethat to the permanent advantage it Vould give us in the and'gave the results of his expe'rieiaee and investiga- State elections hereafter. A united, harmonious Demo-tions. Looking to our supremacy on the north-west Abe Democratic party had faithfully carried oat. Since cracy would exterminate the corrupt and ruinous rule coast, he showed that a Northern r^ute was as practi- they took possession of the Government, about eight of Black Republicanism for many long,years.cable as a Southern one, the snow otf one section' being years ago?.ithey have inaugurated corruption and pros- Trulv. your obd't serv't, '••no more, an impediment than the drifting sands of the trated almost entirely the agricultural and manufactur- (Issued) JOHN CRAMER. other. • This, letter is regarded hero as ati indication of thethat Sir Rowland Hill's health was such as to require six months' leave of absence.Mr. Cardwell stated that the attention of tho Gov- ernment had been called to the collection of money be- ing made in Ireland for the use of the Pope and to en- listment for the Papal army. Such proceedings were entirely irregular, n'nd steps would be taken to checkthem. . '' •In the House of. Commons on the 15th Lord JohnGerjeral Conference, andmtike prop ositions-fora Synod. A •£•eji"choice of Superintoadents a .^d Curates is grant- ed.!'The trials pending against •Protestants aresua-. penled.'' P Aihs 17th.—The semi-offici &\ Le Fvyes contains the .following confirmation of G aribaixu's success:The. accounts from Italy au noun.se tUiat Garibuldi'a exi)'edition developed halfwit h extraoydinary rapidity. At present, success appears bf;yoii^quwripn, Garibaldi was concentrating tho scattered limbs of tha-insjirrect-Mr. .TAYLOR (Dem., La.) treated this as a great ing interetisi They hoiisted the country was at peace, alarm of the,Dickinson men at the probability of Ho- national question, and wan in favor of three road*. If but they have stirred up sectional strife and sot two ratio Seymour being nominated at Baltimore, and as these were provided for, it would not necessarily fol- portion's Of the-country at war. Is any one satisfied an attempt on their part to head oil' such a movement. low that all.should be commenced and finished at the. With the Administration 1 [Cries of yes and no.J •* No It is said- it will be followed by other similar demon-Russell stated that Lord Cowley had received no infor-mation -from the French Government that France, ing builds, and it was assortoti that he had captured theSAVANNAH, Monday, May 23, I860. The District Attorney has nolle grossed -thecases the persons named as grantees, within three months south of the Potomac. Free LaS'or goes into the Ter- against Lamar, A ken, Mott, Tucker arid Brown. Tho ritories, builds fences and splits rails like " Honest prosecutions continue against Capt. Farhnm and Carriealter the passage .of the act, shall determine the amount of private capital necessary to complete the road, and open books for subscriptions in New-Y ork, New-Or- leans, and elsewhere, limiting the subscriptions.' The amendment was agreed to, by 99 against 50. Pending the amendment to substitute for the first sec- tion the Texas or Southern route, the House adjourned.Abe." Bujt the slaveholder goes with his two-legged chattels, cajli on Government to protect him, and then calls that State equality. [Laughter.]If a rn»n will keep property with a proclivity to runawaj, he must tako the hazards. If a man will keepa wolf or a! bear that will run away, is Government tofor piracy, and Trowbridge and Brown for, holding Africans. •.'•"•'.:.Lord Lavahie moved for the correspondence betweenthe Home Secretary and the South-Kaetorn RailwayCompany with respect to the special train to tile late , It-was re'tK)rted in l^iris that C&ak Lamorioisre hadmADMISSION OF KANSAS.To the Editor qf The N. Y. Tribune.The steamship Catawba, from Havana and Key West on the 25th inst., has arrived here. Her advices state Sugar dull and tending downward. Muscovadosthe conduct of the company.Lord Palmerston protested against the exaggeratedSIK: Why is it that the Republican Senators mani- fest so much indifference to the bill for the admission of Kansas 1 The bill passed the House by 61 major- ity so long ago as the 11th of April last, and it hasthe course j of the standard-bearer of the Republican | party working his way up to the proud position heces weak; clayed 3®3£ reals. Exchange on" London eharactcristic;apology on behalf of those who ror ardod' ,observations pf Lord Lavaine with respect to the par-be called upon to protect him and keep his animals unchanged, with a few sales at 63^/8^ yeals; fair andfenced in?j HLaughter.] No one couid contemplate refining at 7), reals. Molasses—Little inquiry and pri-possession of the Champion'B belt. I t was uUiuttUely afjijeeil that two new belts, exact counterparts of .thet ' Bt)Tmuch riveted., should be madp, the money tor"bee XUtfhtfc ?»««•""now occupiW without admiration.premium. Freights to the United States sliglUly de- I clined.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentwhose principles are. inconsistent wTith our Iprofes- eions ?••\ • '••'tered by Garibaldi's followers. ; iLiwas Aated that the date had been.fixoc I for agrad- The Turin journals publish a proclamation of Gari- ualevacuation of Rome by the French ti -oops. "Thebaldi to the Italians. Garibaldi calls upon the inhab- first detachment would leave shortly.To the former the Committee gave an affirmative itants of the Marches, Umbria, and Sabrina, and the ' ]The King of Naples had subscribed 1,OO9$00O-:acodi1answer, and to the latter a negative answer. ' On aNeapolitans, to revolt, in order to divide the forces of to the Papal loan. he enemy. . - ' - ' ' • • ' ,motion to adopt the report, a very spirited debatesprung up, and was participated in by the leading calls the insurrection of 1849, and urges the Romans to < Gen. Concha, had been elected Presicleat of themembers of the Assembly. The report was ad >pted almost unanimously.The Board of Publication made an additional report.The Board has received since its organization lastyear §3,104. It has established a Depository in Pitts-act like their brethren who fell in defendiug Rome. Senate, and decorated with tho order of: tbie ""Golden • Col. Medici, the friend of Gen. Garibaldi, at Meno Fleece." . .burgh, and published an edition of the Bible,.King OJJthe Eldership, several tracts and catechisms, has ment to prevent the departure of the second expedition.[The Au strian G overnment had stated thait the Britisbij : Embassador to Russia, on the receipt of- G.osichakofiPhKGreat agitation prevailed at Naples.helped weak Sabbath-Schools by donations of hooka, A Palermo dispatch, of the 13th, states, that in five gain with tllle South, that he had agreed to let out all and is doing'a good work. The Board also had been churches, at the termination of mass, shouts of "Italy,making verbal amendments..on. the version'of Psalms for ever!" •" Liberty, forever !" &c, were raised. In the evening the populace, to the number of ten in silk gowiiiL But if Mr. Douglass was a fallen star, now in use, some of which were read by Dr/Pressley^ thousand, assembled on the promenade. The police.1 'if -:'Front AInany.The Governor of Sicily had issued a proclamation ad|dij^sshig strong representations to the Porto ui their prohibiting the carrying or detention of arms.. fayo:*, and hoped to obtain the supportof other Po were. There was some excitement at Florence, owing to Tlie London Times says that Russia is medita ting a the appearance of placards in favor of the ex-Grand second Menschikoff mission, and that Engluiid, whileAnother proclamation, addressed to the Romans, re- -• |-.:,; -. SPAIN:(Genoa ?). was forwarding the preparations for a sec- ond expedition. Six thousand volunteers were already enrolled.It was asserted that the numerous diplomatic, repre- sentatives made to Piedmont would decide the Govern-The' army of Africa entered Madrid amid much en- thusiasm.•1ALBAKY, Monday, May'28, 1860; ; Duke, and rumors of an intention to attempt the re- laboring to advance the interests of Chrietuuijj, cannot!Wood Charleston Delegation, Chairman of the Astor- forced, and the National Guard called out.A portion of the clergy of Florence had refused tothe Ottoman State.The' journey of M. de Bredberg to Paris*, to , replaceIvissiUff, the Russian Embassador,, has- brou^l it about an understanding between France and. Rus* .a. Ru» siaUa said to have collected at Nicholieff a gr eat num-l her <^ transports and merchant steamers.AFRICA.:s from the coast of Africa are to the 21st of|Intelligence relative to Garibaldi's expedition is still of the State Assembly. meager and conflicting, but the _ reports generallyAmong other questionable rumors was one that a m my opinion, treaty offensive and defensive had been concluded be-IntheHouseofCommonsMr.Gladstone withdrewon tjhc Paris Bovurso, iiuiounting ahaost to a panic.. , , CMARLKS'ror4., Monday, Mdy 28, I860. fight for•' the- championship. lie severely denounced made, a movement, to check whi«h o,000 Pie^thuoutesuI-ater from Havana.111^*112; on'New-York and Boston at-par^jj ¥ cent- prize-fighting as a manly amusement, illusirati' ,0"'0f thobest qualities of tho British race.Al'vfi.aome debute, during which flavor/J Mnmborshud en^barked at 'oenoa. .. .LoNjDON, Saturday.—iSW^» Lift of this morning an-nounces that a meeting took place betweou Sayers und; ties who witnessed the fight; Such matters were c«',r- ll«;5?mln at that ofllco ytweniay, to diaeuss. the mei\«a ta'inly matters of taste, lie 'made a humorous and of terminatbig th^ dispute between tb.euv, and as to tha•.<»:'•-II ff www.fultonhistory.com 