 were iotereetiog, but we have no space for a par-NEW YORK HERALD. ticular refereaoe to them. We reiser oar readers was merely an instrument established sadM I E IU O K D U IB K M W B T T ,irBMMAlflcan exist only in a democratic aystem, and1 wassomelessbuoyantsadactive;theasksweremode whichistheonlyreallyfreepressknowstoOar S p r c l a l AJFAOCB Oat TUX BK)The honorable Senators hadevening, quarrelling over five gridirons that portedinthemorula,fromtho Mtasnttssat work upon then until I I P M,^ ^ ^ W M W W ^ M W ^ ^ Wto our despatches and reports, published kt today's supported by Sv »u*e iadividual leader or cliquepaper, for detail*. in politics, to advocate their own particular aaughty boys, Haikin, Covode, Forney & Com-c i t yi a t a t0V IfAB8A0 AMD VCLTOM ITS.MM«•* par <npy, f7 |*rbranch of Congress yesterday. Both booses wereengaged open District of Columbia business andhangers-on and dependents of some politicianCana 1 BUI l a the Monopoly—Letter t« aabg'Jtj4HUt$9tf "fVi«WJP**"•*•*•*••ItCMeffJW*".OfvfMlf0TWHH«tionbusiness,ifany,wouldbeplacedInthe r»te,wWteprtw«wefew«i*rt q«etabtoeha»fe. Wheat the world. The independent press can "rive congenial hands of just such men as the fishym Soacs.DAKCM. BOKLSSOXM, Ac.—Wario.OOOTIB IK8TtTTJTB.-TBiHiamoii or FBALS'SOMCIMAL f Aurora or tBi COBBTor DBATB—ajttrsoon and frening.HOW CHAPBIH 7B» Broadway -0«w. Ton THCBBS aw- TSXTAISMBJIT—Afternoon and (eveningthe case of Mr. Schell and the New York Hotel subscription on hand is bothered, as Pat says, entirely, by that shocking obduracy of that gentleman. They demand that he shall give up certain private memoranda iu his pos-was for letting competition control the fare.Senator M?nnierre favored the amendment. He ootidnot tee wiry these franchises Bhould be g^antel to parties to charge five cents when other equally responsible par ties bad ottered to give a targe bonus tor the routes sad charge only three cents.twenty six privates, with two sergeants and corporals,under the command of Lieutenant Mulhn, detailed fromtwo companies of dragoons at Fort Laramie, have been Bell and Prosser, bnt were voted down by about the sameordered for service with the expedition under Captain vote, when the bill was ordered to a third reading.Tbe Fourteenth Street bill waa then gone through withReynolds, for exploration of tbe headwaters of the Yel- and ordered to a third reading without amendmentsed. Fifty per cent, with twelve per cent interest,The last accounts from Cochin China bring in- the evil: and the founders of this truly experi- tive elements of every name and shade ofracter of the Naval Officer? And does Mr. But-terworth give fraudulent dinners, washed downMr. OBXBR, (dem.) of Mo.—It affects the Territories, and had better go to that committee.Mr. TKImsnx supposed that as they asked for atelligence of the complete success of the French in that quarter.By the arrival of the California overland mail we have news from San Francisco to the 19th, Oregon 12th, sod British Columbia 14th ult, and from the Sandwich Islands to the 18th of February.The accounts from Sao Francisco are interesting. Commercial affairs were very dull. The Sooora, which was to leave on the 20th, would take $1,500,000 in treasure and 400 passengers. The ships Reporter aod Archer, from New York, had arrived out A Japanese war steamar had arrivedmental republic could only establish the sys- tem in the confidence that the principle was right, and that the capacity of man for self government would enable him, in the process of time, to accept the good and reject the evil that might spring from it. Mr. Jefferson re- duced this confidence to its perfect expression,saying that error was no longer dangerous when truth was left free to combat it.When the Declaration of Independence freed our fathers from the trammels of the class sys- tem of government that still prevails in Europe,color against a common enemy, it will be the same in Pennsylvania, and all the States in which electftJfeaare yet to come off before No- vember, and it will be the same in the Presi- dential contest itself. There are but two par- ties now in the country—one the republican or anti-slavery party, and the other the conser- vative party, of which the democracy make* up the largest portion, and the rest all others who desire to see the Union saved from dis- memberment and the horrors of civil war. The common object is to put down the aboli-with the wine of infamy or the coffee of cor- change of the oonstitation, the Judiciary Committee wouldruption? Do the officers of the Customs attend be more appropriate. So it was referred to that com- mittee.at Sao Francisco from Jeddo. She was despatched toannouncethattheJapaneseembassytoWash-andtherepresentativesystemwasestablished,tionfanaticismwhichhastakensuchdangerousfederal officers, who are democrats, comparewith that of the State employes, who are re- publicans? And, finally, will the committee passed. bring up Forney and Hickman, and Haskinand little Banks (of the printing job notoriety),and let us hear all they have to say? An open confession may be good for the democratic soul,and,if*wearenotmistaken,itwillproveington would leave Kaoagawa i,n the frigate Pow-hatan, for Sao Frafci&co, via the Sandwich Islands,they still obeyed the impression which old theories had made upon them, and instinctivelyNorth.But by all means, Messrs. Lucius Junius Bru- tusHaskinandCainsCoriolanusCovode,letread and lea—yeas 16. nays 11—not receiving the osa. 8titutional majority. The bill, however, will be taken up and passed yet.iiCi^fr-, ,njAH>n* w^oiNE>y YORK HBRALD, SUNDA Y , APRILirsmNothing of importance transpired in either and personal endsV Editors were merely thepany, are amusing themselves at Washington, and which they call investigating committees, pay turnoatas dangerous asedgedtoolsandprivate bills.l b s cotton market was steady yesterday, aad dosedor party. Bat one of the most marked and gunpowderto the spoiledchildrenoutsidethecities. It is not a characteristic of any par- system will exhibit none of the evils that nowto unite within two hundred miles of the Missouri river, which wUl be somewhere near St. Joseph, in Missouri. THS EXIT.OKATION Of THB YBU0W8TOHB AMD MISSOURIBl VXBS.By order of the Secretary of War, a detachment ofticular party, for all have their bullies andtheir buffoons in every representative place.The frequent exhibition of their proclivi-, The Republican Press and the Republi- ties has awakened, i u many unobserva; c a n Defeat In New E n g l a n d .aSATIOBAI. OOBCBBT SALOOW, Rational Thsati*.- minds, the fear that these occurrences mJs» From the manner in which the republican session-which he declines to do, on the groundBosm. Buxuae, Boatsaucss, Ac monstrate the failure* of democratic insti journals deal with the two recent elections in that the information therein contained is notThe motion was lost—yeas 8: nays 12Several other amendments were offered by SenatorsOBDanDONtHALL,*»Oraadstreet-HATTiMutsnttxs tutions, and while others do not give New England,itisevidentthattheyregardra Boac*. D**CS*, BUSUBUSS, Ac.—BAL MASO,BK. *WASHIBOTOB HALL, Rahway.-WooDS MissfuBLS.•WOT Y o r k , H a n d a y , A p r i l 8 , I 8 6 0 .properly before the public eye. That is very suspicious. Mr. Schell is Collector of the PortThe Mews*in every class and condition of society, are be-The bill confirming the Ninth avenue grant wai textoothe11thofFebruary.SheisthetirstarmedvesselbelongingtoJapanthathaseverbeeaselectedtheirrepresentativemenfromthe Thereisnothingpeculiarlydemocraticintheinquisitiongoon.MayhapthesepatriotsAlengthyuiscusfeionthenfollowedupontheCanalAp-the Japanese navy came in this vessel. She re- country followed individual leaders, and theMr. Lutterworth, and were obliged to with- The citizens of Sao Francisco, stimulated by the the titled families of Europe control the the issue which the republican party have draw some impertinent questions. The evi-the 1st of July; thence to Fort Yuma it will be built with ail possible speed. With telegraphic communica- tion to Kort Smith on this tide, and Los Angelos on the other, it will be very easy for the mail company to renuce the time between New York and San Francisco to ten days, as tbe roads between the drat named points will admit of very rapid travelling. Tbe tariff from St. LnisThe ferry monopoly are resorting to all manner of means to prevent tbe passage of the One Cent Ferriage bilL It was charged here by the minority of the Com- mittee oc Commerce and Navigation that the ferry agent*, although banging about the Capitol, did not appear be- fore tho committee in answer to any of the arguments or facts oflered on tne other side. This charpj having beea tnade known through tbe press, it at once revealed tbethe Ambassadors as soon as that vessel arrives. New York, and the Jefferson's Virginia, jufst as of flie time, which has absorbed all others, is prospect of a lively trade with Japan, were pre- political impulses of the populations amid raised, and which the democrats and the frag-paring a proper reception for the embassy.dence of Butterworth, on the whole, was worthments of other parties are uniting together to * for the prosecution about as much as that of Mr. Weller in the celebrated case of BardelltobeboundtoGalvestoo,Texas.Thecaptaintruth, in order to combat error, must have the dull, while freights remained without change. 'At material weapons for her purpose. As long atblegs inthis eltyandon the Acer,oftbe Arf* „IlJ*f^S5f A man named Dunham was killed to-day in the Mid- myselfa* wellasone of theColon r *fr T >i;^rh ^M rCieoiuegos there had been a difficulty between thecraw of the United States steamer Wyandot and the figuratively consigned her, she could not con-townwatch,in whichoneofthesailorswaskilled. OarfilesofBermudapapersare to March20.cision of the people.street, near Third avenue, on Friday night, is not con- nected In any way with Hook and Ladder Company No. 13.rock, wounding him so that he lingered but a few hours.Traffic on tne Great Western Railway. HAMILTON. C. W., April 7,1860.C. Ksiar, Member cf AjstemWf IncopylugthelastletterIhavebeen carefulto puMaterdayfromMewOrleans,with135.000inspecie. The TttaBuhfr Illinois, of the Vaoderbilt line, having beea thoroughly overhauled and repaired,havebeenprogressivegrowthsoftheelevation of the popular over the class interests; and wnile they have been germinating society haswant;Major Logwood. Tennessee; Miss Martha Haines CurtrtLAJiD,April7,1S60. Ul ,Broderick,ofSanFrancisco,tumsoutnottoBtnvVirginia;GeneralPatterson,Philadelphia-Colonel A?reenunberofbillswerereportedthisafterowsthe logical philosophy of Jefferson; but heBloody Affray.BOSTON, April 7,1860.be genuine. •aodfromthisportyesterdayforSouthamptoo beenanyattemptasyettoproveitbeforetheThe Cleveland Institute was partially burnel to-day, fa »«ve.MajorArnold,JamesMcMiUenandTJ.k.Mead, consequenceofwhichttwillberiotedduringthesun-The loss is lolly covered by insuranceFire at Manchester, Ohio. CuKwaan, April 7,1890.A fire last Thursday at Manchester. Ohio, twelve miles above Mayavule, destroyed forty buildings. Loss «50,000. Insurance not known.TheMowsScotiaLineStill Down. Bosros,April7—11.M.We have at yet oo advices from Halilax, the Nova Scotia has being still down.mrwKbv*tJhe sel.e"c.t"e"o„n.«-n«i.t«te«e•e aoft thne Assembly, saad waerse»r-air^i iTathird rtading- Among them was the sew M*- £c^taBPo£ebSTwWhisnowontbelistofthirdreatr*fnndJ*from tbe Committee of Cities aod rittegas, re- norted a bul for the regulation of city railroads. U t*»- vMet for tbe mode of orgaauMt-g several raads, and eU* for the oontobdatwn of such roads as nay desre to.TheSopprybillwettheetakenup,aodasptceyewese- sion^kphce upon tbe insertion of a ctautelto pay th- tawyertengagedintheLemoastavecase. Theamantt flxeuTr MrrKvartaissatthousand<^f«^« "_ Blunt five hundred doltais, ana tbe user.'parses a sawSenatorMaaierrebattonetoKewYorkwiththeUtsaf* Builditg act in hie pocket.aod Havre, with the malls, ninety-five passengers, been learning the lesson necessary to lead it toconsent to the sweeping of the buffoons, theSurrogate; but it is stated that, when such at-HtWi from Kanaai.i»f«. . « , I«AT«rwo«T», K. T , April 7,1860.i J r ^ L m a t i 0 a ' c u m Southern Kansas gives rise to appre- nenBtoDs of aen.,us trouble la Linn and Bourbon coun-tempt is made, its validity will be disputed by also sailed from this port yesterday, for Queenstown libellers sod the demsgogues from their posi- two nephews of the deceased who have set upand WOe^eo in specie. The City of WashiogtoosadUverpool,withforty-eightcabioandoaehan-tionsatpopularrepresentatives. theirclaimtotheproperty.WhatpurportstoifiS^'fEoul?f*"***1TM>**>0ttsoftheamnestyact. trnUymJer ^ S - ^ . *- °y * • D V 9 Marshal to ar- dredandsixteensteeragepassengers,TheJohn ThecomingrevolutionInoarrepresentative bethewilliadatedNewYork,January,A.D. sWe\25^n££!T>,2e,T w7 •*•*••**resisted. Con-Bell,bouodforGlasgow,alsosailedfromthisport systemitclearlydemonstratedintherevolu- 1859,siwhichtimewebelieveMr.BroderickM0*raWsinteresthmanifestedinthiscityinrt-of theThomas M. TryniskiTito II•Hie at Charleston. CHASiBSToar. April 7, 1860.was here. thepress,whichisthebattleaxeoftruthinher willorfurnishedittothenewspapersdoesnottion that the democratic idea ass produced InWho had the custody of the allegedSiSS^Z^ZS^^ *"•?" The mer hasT h e U U Jcommsaeestree press. Until s recent period the joarnalProbable Rest/Its o f thebrought by the Kangaroo. The news is interesting. remains a bachelor, when there are as many sunk into the hands of buffoons like Hale, blus- Island as a republican defeat, and not a demo-Victor Emanuel had accepted the annexation of terers like Wigfall, and demagogues like cratic victory. We admit it is not a demo- marriageable ladies ready to make him en-early next week.PROCEEOniOS OF COXGRE88.voted down, the committee rote, and tbe question was taken on agreeing with the report of the Committee of the Whole on the five bills considered.They were all ordered to a third reeding, without call- ing tbe ye&s and nays. .Tuscany to Sardinia, and signed a decree to that effect The French army were leaving Lombardy, and the Sardinian forces were evacuating Savoy. Nothing of importance had transpired in the BritishParis and London. The Liverpool cotton marketis reported without change in prices by some tions; nor are they by any means beyond, or pens to be j ust now on the right side. It istirely happy as there are Irishmen i n The Senate have been engaged to-day upon tbe business of the District of Columbia, and the House upon privateracy of our present representative men, and Parliament The foods had advanced both in the scandals witnessed in our legislative halls,democratic victory; but it was a republican de- feat, and (hat is sufficient for the country.want places in the Custom House. Has he (and we publish the rumor with extreme hesi- tation) been paid a certain sum to enter into a bond to lead a life of celibacy, iu order to give a lofty—we may Bay an indurated—tone to the bachelor market? If a high official of thegovernmenthasbeenguiltyofsuchcon- duct, let it be exposed, no matter who the wretch is, or to which side he belongs. Let us know, too, all about everybody's affairs. Does the Surveyor pay his laundress? Is it possible that the Sub-Treasurer told a man to tell an-terest.ABKT AWOiXTMKNTD. H- Maury has been appointed Assistant AdjutantGeneral, Vice Page, deceased.THIRTY-SIXTH C9NGRES8. HOST SESSION.Tbe first thing on the carpet this morning was the mo- tion to strike from the report of the Grinding Committee the "Insolvent Debtors' bill,-' or rather a sweeping bank- rupt law. Tbe motion, after considerable discussion, was lost—yeas 63, nays 67. It will, therefore, be referred t e e select committee, with power to report complete.TbeAssemblythentookup the Supply bill,andwere cocadenug it all the morning, but did not complete it before taking a recess.authorities, while others announce a decline of one-sixteenth of a peony. Breadstuff- were firm andprovisionsquiet. tionofourrepresentativebodiesisoneoftheSeward.We unhesitatingly answer, no. The degene-cratic victory; neither was the great reductionof the republican majority in Connecticut a the Fourth, Sixth and Fourteenth wards whobills, neither accomplishing anything of much public in- Tbe Assembly had under consideration the Si;»ply bill during the entire evening.Democracy is nothing of itself. But it hap- even far from a remedy. The present condi- identified with the counter revolution, the re-do not prove the failure of democratic institu-actionary movement which is going forward in the Northern States, and it will necessarily par- take of the benefit. It is no matter by what instrument republicanism is defeated, provided the danger which threatens the Union is avert- ed. Democracy is the nucleus around which all the conservative elements of the country mustcracy had produced no fruits from which will be paid in a short time. statesmen could select the good and eschewSenate. Mr-Goes,fromtheCommitteeofInternalAffairs,to whicb has been referred tbe several petitions praying forThe steamship Canadian, from Liverpool, aod Queenstown 2'2d alt, has arrived at Portland.Accounts from China to the 30th of January state that the rebellion had revived, and was caus- ing the government considerable apprehension.phases of the developement of our political system, and the existence of the present evil is one of the inevitable consequences of the past, as well as a necessary cause for the future im- provement. When the thirteen colonies threw off their allegiance to England. and determinedWASHISGTOX, April 7,1800.SLAV KB Y ViLBVl'lO.V. tMr. TBCMBUIX, (rep.) of 111 , presented a petition ofKeacived (If the Assembly concur). That tbe eeaetBiiUee of this suue teameued aa follows—The sale at tstortrstlf ista in tbe Union, caused by the discussion of the subject liquors as a beverage is hereby prohibited, aod ae law stall beof slavery in Congress, and they pray that body to re-mark its transition period.up their reliance upon the principles those events as ominous of the overthrow ofof popular representative government, they do their party in the Presidential conflict. They of New York, and the Collector of the Port oflowstone and Missouri riven. They will leave as soon as the season will permit.THE CAFTrSKD BBX1CAR 8TBAKBB3.An extra see&ion of the Cabinet was held to day, to consider what course our government will pursue in re- gard to the captured Mexican steamers. The questions involved are of a grave and serious character, touchingTbe Avenue D bill was next taken up, tbe various sec- tions read and disposed of In the same way.Senator Goes argued at much length in favor of pro tecting those stage interests that would be injured by tits passage ot these bills. It was their duty to protest the weak as well at the strong..senators Murphy, Hammond aad Ramsay replied at some length.New York is necessarily a suspicious person. admitted evil is to come from. Thousands upon Island, or they touch these points so tenderly Decidedly, he has no private papers or privatenot see where the remedy for this universally are either silent about Connecticut and Rhodethousands of men of high and noble instincte,and so gingerly that the foregone conclusion isaffairs of any kind. The idea is absurd. He must tell the committee all about his incomings,be successful. The victory in Rhode Island was achieved by the union of all the conserva-somethingaboutit?Whatisthemoralcha- Mr.TBVMBCILmovedthatttbereferredtotheJudiciary Committee.t he time ot such election.Tbe resolutions were laid on the table sad orders! to be printed.A number of reports were made from the several standing committves, after which the Albany aad Sus- quehanna bill, at amended by tbe Assembly, came upSenator Ramsey moved that the Senate concur, which, after a short discussion, was carried—yeas 18, nays 12.Senator Munroe, from tbe select committee to when was referred the Almshouse bill, brongbt in a majority report of said committee.Senator Spicola moved to recommit said bill to the Committee on Poor laws.Senator Oolvln moved to amend so as to recotinit, with power to tit during the recess, and to send for per. sons and papersThis motion, after a short discussion, was carried— yeas 16, nays 11—every democrat voting in favor of the motion, killing the bill, and conferring the power of is vesication upon the committee on Poor laws at the same time.Simeon Draper stood by sad saw his bantling atrangbn, scratched bis heal, uttered a sigh, and took thefirsttram tor jour city, to purchase tbe shroud and supply a miaO ti-r toadministertheritesatthegrave.CI *peculiar results of 4>ur institutions is the national nursery. Tho committees are makingcommend to all Legislatures a change in the constitution, wereorderedtoberepairedamistrengthened. rally,inordertooverthrowrepublicanism.othermanthatPennsylvaniacouldbecarriedtorestablishingageographicaltinethroughtheStatesviskm. «The coast defences along the Gulf of Pecheleetofoundapoliticalsystemuponthedemocra-ifsomemoneywasusedthere,andthatthe andTerritories,northofwhichslaveryIttobeprohi- aeaolved,Thatteefbregougaweadmeetbeistsnadtotstbited, and south of which it It not to be interfered with by U-ajaiature to be chosen at the new general eleetiaa of Sea* othermansaidthatWallstreetoughttodo tors,andthatin•onformitvtosaeuo*oaeefarticletairitesofCongressortheStates. theeonstitntica.ttbevubhshedfarthreesaonaatprevioustoThe United 6tates Commissioners had broughttheirlaborstoatermination,aodailtheirclaims sitiontorepublicanism.Itmustbeunitedtoticidea,theyhadtoconstructtheedificeout against the Chinese government had been adjust- of the materials in existing society. Demo-It will not do to divide and split up the oppo-hold of a large number of the people of the au active cathartic for the republican body.TheHohseconsideredtheprivatecalendar,andpassed TbeCityHailEarkbillcameupforathirdreading,wasclass which the possession of wealth had en- this issue. In fact, it has nothing to do, strictlypermittedtoleavetheshoresofthatnation. willfindthemselvesontrialshortly. wuieall<xncunedinbyatargevote.She brought the officers aod a portion of the abled to obtain intellectual culture and de- speaking, with democracy. But the democraticvelopement It was thus that in the early days organization have adopted this ground, and in Cooper, recently wrecked. The chief admiral of of our political system large sections of that respect it is right, no matter in what elsecrew of the United States schooner FeoimoreCAIOHT A TARTAR.—The Haskin Investigat- ing Committee at Washington got rather more than they bargained for when they overhauledit may be wrong, or how rotten or corrupt are turnstoreportthearrivalofthePowhatanwithAdamsescontrolledMassachusetts,the,Jaysitspoliticians.Thepressing,thevitalquestion thisway,anditisexpecteditwillreachLosAngelosbyothers,andaretoonpusheddownthestream.which they reside. But the democratic idea cificrailroadprojectoccupiedalargeshareofwasessentiallyatwarwiththesocialinstinctmeet.ThecountryhasnotimeorinclinationVB.Pickwick,aperusalofwhich,inDickens'toSpnr"field,Mo.,itseventycentsforthefirsttenjnodeofoperationsthatwastoberelieduponbythemtoThe news from Oregonis unimportant The Pa-public attentioo. which gave them their power; and as the im- to inquire into the character of the leaders of The accounts from BritishColumbia statethat pression of the old theories wore away from the democracy. If a traveller is assailedoneleven jobbing houses at Victoria had closed their the minds of men, the eld leaders found them- the highway by robbers and cutthroats, fromreports, might be edifying to both the lawyers and laymen on the committee.words and seven cents for each addtuonal word.The Canadian Line of Stsamers. TORONTO, C. W., April 7, 1860.Hon. Sidney Smith has left for England. The GioV ofdefeat the bill. Fearing that this statement would be damaging to them If allowed to go undented, they hare been scattering a circular among tbe members purport- ing to be addressed to Mr Miller, Chairman of the Con mittee, in which they state that Mr. Smith sent them aabusiness,aadthatone-thirdofthepopulationhadselvesforcedtocontest,andfinallytoyieldwhomhislifeisiudanger,hedoesnotwaittoTHEWCSTKKUAKPEN.—ThoOperaseaaonatthistheatrethismorningstatesthathegoestomakearrangementsaffidavitocthe1stofFebruary.Thiscircularseemsto for the Canadian steamers to call at Derry, instead of be signed and sworn to by J. A. Perry, Secretary of thegonetotbeFraaerrivermines.TheIndianscon-theirpositionstoanewclassofleaders,who,inquireintotheantecedentsofanilllookingwillnotcommenceuntilnextWednesday,whenMadameCork,andthatEdmonstone,Allen&Co,aretoputaFerryCompany,inwhichbeperemptorilyassertsthattinued very troublesome- from their immediate contact with the masses, There is nothing of geueral interest transpiring found other arguments than those of social eleva-at the Sandwich Islands.Additional accounts from Vera Cruz, brought bythe United States ship Savannah, which left thatport on the 26th ult, have been received. Uiramoacommenced withdrawing his forces from before•era Cruz on the morning of the 21st, and was re- democratic idea has been to destroy the old treatingtowardsthecapital.ItisstatedthattheeyBtemofclassleadershipinpolitics;anditsentperilisoverandrepublicanismiscrushed,withaslucgshot.Theassailantsthenfledfromtbeliberal* is Vera Croa were so Dearly out of amuni- tioo that Miramon would probably have captured the city had he kept op the siege a short time longer.Oo the evening of the 23d the steamer Indianolahas achieved this before tho elements that are eventuallytocontroltheStatehadbecome sufficiently developed to prevent the ovi« which grew up in the transition. These newdemocracy will then be attended to by thepeople, and either purified of its corruptionsor shivered into atoms, as we hope republi-canism will now be by the counter revolutionscene of the arsanlt and pursued their way up Carlisle street Policeman Ryan, of tbe Fust precinct, hearing the cries of the wounded man's companion, hastened to tbe spot, and eouveyed Dedrickson to the New York Hospital. There the physician examined the injured mat's tkull, and pronounced the wound an extremsly uangerous one. ' The skull was fractured, and there was every indication of immediate dissolution, but up to lastferrtea, l would feel obflged to you if you can seed to aiy of PHILADELPHIA, April 7,1860. flee.No.12Atlanticstreet,ortotheSouthFerryoOieebyTbe city is considerably enlivened this evening bv the Tneaday. April 5, at t o'clock, the telk>*iag intormaboe-—What was the eeet of running the iJaUwrioe. Fatten. WaB. South, and Hamilton avenue ferries from the 1st of nav, IS" to May, 1M9. how maty boats both, how many rebuilt, eattion and intellectual culture available to ena- ble them to secure representative position and political power.thankfully accepts deliverance a t h i s hands, though he is far from immaculate. TheP o l i c e I n t e l l i g e n c e .PROBABLY FATAI ASSACT.T WITH A StrNG SHOT,—At anvery toon to survey the route for a line of telegraph from Belle bile to the Island of Anticotta.Democratic Enthwtlatm at Hartford. HARTFORP, April 7. 1860.The democrats of Hartford fired one hundred guns this afternoon for Rhode Island aod the demtwratic gains in Connecticut.time to time that they were willing to furnish any inform* tion that any member of the Legislature ought ask for Accordingly, Mr. C. Kelsy addressed to one ot^tbe mana- gers the following letter.—BaoosivK. Aprii 1 lSSO. C. P. SMITH, Managing Director of the L'won Perry Oo*Thus the first phase of the growth of thedemocracy may be bad. but it is not half so bad as the party which seeks to subvert the in- stitutions of the country; and of two evils the people will choose the lesser. When the pre-tar'y hour y. stcrdav morning, ae a Swedish sailor named Henry Dedrickson was proceeding to his boarding bouse in company with a friend, he was attacked at the corner of Carlisle and Washington streets by a gang of rowdies, and prostrated to tbe tar to by a blow on the headPrtschin* Bleeckeitalbrought to anchor off the city a bark which it had elements were evident in the abstract to which commenced in Connecticut, was moreandprominentmenarespeakingonbothsides.names of the boala so built or rebuilt. reml c ir Hopingthatyouwillbeabletoobligeme,I *iAT *'captured southward, in the neighborhood of Alva- rado. The bark bore Spanish colors, aod professedcould know nothing of them in practice, for gave, as an excuse for being found so near the they are | part of the fruits of the democraticMexicancoast,thathiscompasswasdisordered. idea,anddidnotexistinhisdaynorbefore By the steamship Cahawba, which arrived here it He insisted that error was not dangerousfully developed in Rhode Island, and will goon increasing In volume, like the snowball, asitrolls,extendingtoPennsylvania,NewJersey,eveningthepatientcontinuedtolingerinastateofun AtSouthReadinglastnightJohnFoleywaslulledandTo thu note he received the following reply, jott •*»as might be looked for frem the agent of a mon&ps'r -^Baoosi-vs,AprilX13W- Sia—In reply to your note of this dale, tn whtee you say that you understand "that tbs Union rerry Company areruau who comes t o h i s rescue, bat (iafsier and the new tenor, Errani, will sing in '-Lucia "steamer between Glasgow and Derry. A steamer is also the ferries cannot be run for one cent, claiming alto thatto be put on between Nova Scotia and River I)u Loup, to they would lose f 116,000 per annum if run at one oest. connect with the ocean steamers A party is to BUtrt The officers of me company have been stating froaIndiana and the other Middle States, where theconsciousness. Two men, named John Greenwood andtwo of bis friends wounded, one supposed mortally, byHenry Thompson. The Foley party were celebrating a wed-dinginapartofThompsonahouse. Theybecamenoisy readyandwillingtofnrnaaanytafcrmaUosr»iuJrsdbyany6, 1860. The pretty Utile toys with which thoseNEW8 FKOH WASHINGTON. V M W W W V S A r A A ^ W V V ^ftotpt la malm h tottr* « f t w *«.am noi m trinUPUM.OtTB 8FBCIAL AJLtUMT withmoretoo*inprices.Thesalesembracedabout1,800growthofanindependentpress—athingthatespecialinvestigationswithregardtothecam- WASS»OTC«,AprU7, AXBAST,April7,im.bales,ooOMilM^ofll)ie.f»rrjiiddllBf«|rfaiid.. Flewpaign of 1856, when the bribery sad corrup-orsmnoo awAgnjillnsMnhasjustarrivedherefromBrownsville,y|tny»ti/At<)<mM,MAtoiMUnUrj;m*wasArmaadinbetterrequest,withincreasedsales,atonlythroughitsfidelitytotruth,foritmust Texas,whosestatementscerroboratethoseheretofore pricesgiveninanothercolumnlacorethefirmnessof democratswhoarenowworkingintherepub-receivedlaregardtotheoutragesatrpstratsnbyOor-fivetoathirdreading.1started^rBprAMILT^aMMAtD on3 riSiini—t-— —-*—JOB fvtJITLMO. mmcmtmt withWe Jo not holders tended to chock sate, which were moderate but address itself to the interests of men in the lican ranks Therefore, when it shall appear, uaas and his band ©f marauders. He says there is no before the Senate adjeuroed, hot upon my arrivalToilNo. 98oew awSB at $17 « a $17 7$t, thin mess at $1« 87 * a $17 , class or persons. The impulses of the aggre- extent, that the disbursers of the corruption sewprimeat$U26,andolddoat$13.Sugarswereas gateofmen,ofpopularassemblies,howevertire,aadpricessteady;thesatefooled up about 1,600 fundinthelastcampaignarenowhighinthe nods. Coffee was firm aad sales Hmlted ; 600 bags St deprsved or vicious may be the individuals confidence of the opposition, and are prepar- Domingoweresoldat12^c, with50bbte.aad 1,100bags thatcomposethem,are always towards truth ingto use the same or even moreculpable Jamaica, for export, oo private terms. Freight engage. and right, and hence the very essence and life means in the coming campaign, it will be foundoperations by Mexicans who pretest is be friendly to tbe tcitedStates.UnitedStatesfarceshaddeterminedto put sasadto hisdepredations,aadto acoompjisb this nothing abort of capturing hist wools effect It, The troops bad accsrdingly, oa invitation of some friendly Mexicans, crossed the Bto GrandefeatoMexican territory with the intention of pursuing him, acd if possible capturing him. The neit intelligence from there will probably an- nounce his captureAMCaVOMtS TOMOaAOW aVBXIRa.littleAOaJMRfT OrHOMO, Tmximmtkstrtet-IfAUABwere moderate, while rates were arm.Kowdylnm lm fUpreieo.ta.tive Position— P r o g r e s s o f I t s Cairo.The disgraceful scenes and the indecent lan-of independent journalism consist iu its loyal- ty to the combat with error.that the republicans, like the famous engineerWmUOm CJ*Bi>«Ji, Broadway.-auuttruiA* Ptaroits- i or ran OLota or (Jou>.of old, have been hoisted with their own pe- The remedy, therefore, for the disgraceful tard—blown high in air by the bursting of theirTHB aABKUT AJR» BTTTtXWORTH OtlSattl'OSIIBSOB,Tbe Covode Committee eaUed Mr. Evans, of the New YorkTimet,beforethesttoday,totestifywhereheob-atrunprices.PerkwasHeavyaadlower,withsalesofaggregate,aodnottothoseofanyparticularasitundoubtedlywill,toagreaterortossdoubtbutmatOortinaaiaupHeWsadtssHlMwlaUssay despatch from me. This h the arst time that I havo found d closed Ult wtatar before the adjouromeat of LagHatore.at soscenes and scandalous proceedings that nowown bomb.lOtur IHBanut Boeery.-aUstrri-A«BRiCA«s guagethathavebecomesocommoninear markourpublicandlegislativeassembliesisiiiIT***•—ormHABBBX. Alltherecentrevelations,togetherwiththetainedthestatement,publishedinthatpaperonTburshelimitedtothreecents.Hesaid(featttwasknown-4TTlegislative bodies are awakening the serious at hand, and it is the corrective which the de- all conversant with affairs in the city that more roadrww • antecedentsofthenaughtylittleboys,who day,purportingtobetestimonytakenbeforetheCamWALLACESTHBATtta,Broaiway.-lJUDisoSTBUIGS—torBoxaireOox attentionofthecommunity,andexcitingthemocraticideahasproduced.Itisrapidlysu-arenotabitcleverintheirrascalities,mitteerelativetoacorrespondencebetweenMessrs.Hasseeded,sadttwastheirdutywhilstmakingthesegrasssuniversalinquiry,istherenoremedyforthesepersedingtheclassandpartyjournalswhichgotofortifythisviewofthesubjectkmandButterworth. Mr.Evanssaidheobtainedtt toasetofcoraoratorstoplsceUieniinaformthattitss LAUaA EMMXV9 THIATKs, CM BVosdway.-CoiLSSS scandalous proceedings? have assisted so greatly to bring about the rromoneof the «witne8ses, whereupon Mr. Butterworth will benefit the masses.BAVB. Fromitsnationalposition,Congressattracts presentevil;andasthesegodownbeforeits Honorable Massa Greeley, who isno hasbeensubpa-naedtoreappearbeforethoCommittee 8tnassrJ.M.Murphysaidthatbedidnotliketodim* m aowiBT,io«rr.-ia«HJ«««*-o'»«*i*«• moreofthepublicattentioninthisrespectmightymarch,thecorruptpoliticians,andthefool,hasforeseentheinevitableresultMr.Haskinwillbesummoned,andwilltestifyrelativetowithhisnamesake,buthehopedthatthisOSSA*—MOKAS CtBlBA. of the inquisition—t. e., that the adminis- the torretpondenee between htm and Mr. Butterworth. would not be adopted, for he kaowt that they coal* st« thandothescandalsofourStateLegislatures, systemwhichtheyhavecopiedfromtheold trationpartywillnotbedamagedtothesame IBBPACUTCCRA1ULOA1". beranforthatprice.BIT AM.BBOUaBAM'8 THXATBa, «M Bioadsay -Tat our municipal corporations, our political order of things, will disappear with them. extent that the republicans areinjured,and The Pacific Railroad Committee had a meeting this Senator Ramsey alto favored tbe lowest tare. B VBAftaTCYB AMBBICAB MU81TJM, Broadway- Day and avsstag-C-arsAB or asssvA-JtASSit DIAKS.BBTABT8* MI»6TKJCI£. Mechanic*' Ball, 472 Broad wAf.-BoBLBMtcia, aosea, D*acu, An.—Tus STKA*GSK.that it may be possible that the democratswill gain strength with the masses for having sloughedofftheexcrescenceswhichabsorbedwereallrejected,andthecommitteeagainagreeduponadopted.Heknewthattnereadscouldberuntorthreeclubs and our primary assemblies; but the The railroads, the telegraph, are its assistants, tone of the bully in debate, and the code of and the popular sanction evinced by the the ruffian in action, pervade all our repreeen hearty support which the people give to every tative bodies alike, from the Senate of the truly independent journal proves that the de- United States to tne ward meetings of the mocratic idea is sound, and that when all itsmorning, and discussed a batch of all kinds of reaolu lions, favoring railroads from almost every important point on the Asiatic to some point on the Paci9e. Theywanted to know why the belt road had not beta reportodi by tbe Committee with these bills. What power had held tbstbaelr?the life blood of their party. the plan originally adopted by the committee, as offered by the chairman, to construct a central road, startingcents aad make money by it He knew of rtopotsisit parties ready to take the srsntt and bind themtatres artto charge over three cents. BTBLOmSALOOB,Broadway.—Qso.Ctaisrr'sMmmostabandonedlocalitiesinourcrowdedfruitshavebecomedeveloped,thedemocraticOntheotherhand,thecommitteewhichhasfromtwopoints,onotoIowaandtheotherinMissouri,SenatorHammondsaidbewasinfavorofthisbill,sadpalpable. Some of them seek for far-fetched 87thearrivaloftheNiagaraatHalifaxyester-ginningtoaskiftheyarealwaystoberepre-reasonstoaccountfortheremarkablefallingoffshortcomings,andoutgoingsandgeneralinternationaltaw.Thetawofficerofthegovernment,considered,andafterashortdiscussionwasdisposedofday afternoon, we have European advices to the sented by such men as Lovejoy and Pryor, and in the republican majority in the old Charter Oak doings. He must explain how it is that he, a Judge Black, has the matter under consideration Tbein the same way as the former bills.the Tenth Avenue bill next came up, and was read25th alt, three days later than the accounts if the national councils have irremediably State, while others set down the event in Rhode man considerably beyond the prime of life, decision of the administration will probably be announced through, and after a short debate, all amendments beingTHB CASB OP THK CHICAGO P09TMASTSRMr. MASON, (dem ) of Va., offered a resolution calling on the Post Office Department for all the correspondence segars? And how does the moral tone of the with Mr. Brooks, the late Chicago Postmaster, in relationto the condition of that office. Adopted. COltTS IN KANSASOn motion of Mr. GRKBX, (dem ) of Mo., the bill coo- cerning District Courts in Kansas was taken up andDISTRICT Or COLCBBIA BTSINBSBWas considered, and tbe Pennsylvania Avenue Railroad bill was debated until a late hour, when, without taking a vote, the Senate went into executive session.Adjourned.House off Representatives. WASHUTOTOM,April7,I860.church regularly, and are they careful not todrink contraband brandy or to smoke illicitJeremiah Murphy, were arrested on suspicion of having campaignof1860willbechieflyfoughtInbeenimplicatedintbeassault,andonbeingbroughtbeandriotous,whenThompsonstartedfortbepolice,wasmemberoftheLegislaturetnregardto*•«F.!t2Ll?Sz'fore Justice Coonolly yesterday they were committed for pursued tnd attacked, whereupon he stabbed his three the femes." ar«d In *htch jou ask for tbsdeiaie;*«"•»*•the overthrow of the republican candidate for examination in default of bail. The assault upon Ded- assailants. tioaed. 1 have to say thai you are not esrrsettoLaa»Mtinga a t whentruthwasfreetocombatit,and ricksonwasaveryaggravatedone,ashodidnotgive theeocar-aayarereadytoforntobmibrmaueuto•at as early hoar yesterday morning, we have Ha-vana dates to the 2d inst. The news is quite unim- on this axiom he built his confident hope. But the Presidency this bloodless counter revolu- tbe rowdies any provocation whatever. He was quietlyF a t a l A c c i d e n t .MiDDtsiowN, Obnn., April?, 1660.v'ou mutt he quite eonsetooi that, after the gTOta, au . • aad wholly untrue statements mads;by youjat PTM»The health of the city was good and bu- tdulL The Havana sugar market was rathertion will reach its climax, and then even thepursuing his way home, when he was cowardly beaten Intbe manner already described.most rabid of the anti-slavery and fanaticalshe remained in the well, to which the ancients New England States will acquiesce in the de- Mercer, the man who was shot in an -affray in eleventh was blown Into the air some thirty feet, and fell upon the bietseof thetoformaikmttMajugbt. « « ^ r ^ J j | r T a .quer error. The democratic ides has drawn heroutofherweir,andgivenherafreepress, and railroads, and the electric telegraph. Evenhepuartuauonand f ^ - g ^ g T S * ibe"wordspreciselyasm theWe have not heard that there hasUj^ A., art among the late arrivals at the MetropolitanUntitled DocumentU.LLNOHAND THBan amendment of tbe constitution to as to prohibit the t>aic of .ntoxicatlng liquors, reported to the Senate the fot- lowin" resoli.!:cns —citizens of Illinois, setting forth that great alienation exfourteen bills Adjourned.TheCaliforniaTelegraph Line.ST.LOUS,April7<1860 prcpriatVnbill,asamendedbytbeHouse,inwhichmail route, was extended to Springfield, Mo., eigfa'«en miles Thus has ended another week at the Capitol, and it hasbeyond Meloy's station, yesterday, and a large force of been one of the busiest of the session, tiitis have been men are at work pushing it forward to Fort Smith, on r.'sbed liuou^h at aa extraordinary speed, a regular 2:40 the southwestern border of Arkansas. Advices from rate—many of them upon a system of log rolling that isCalifornia by the last mail stale that the line oa that a disgrace to the Sum:—bills of great importance yet side i s being rapidly extended from Fresno City hardly considered, but placed in the boat with one or twoThe California telegraph line via the Butiertield overland tearly every senator participated. The amendmentshour,ffilir*tbetobbie*,evid«nUyatheir stock Toe Seventh Avnaue billand gone through with the various sections agreed tthe Committee of the Whole, when Senator P. P.phy called for the reading of too mtntrity report el* the committee against them, which was read.contahasgai w a the same points as Mr. Batter's speech.SenatorP.P.Murphythenmovedthatthefarechrst.MSenator Kelly hoped that the amendment wwld boSenator Fiert opposed the amendment He was op- posed to tying the company down to three cents.esacied or be In force, after the adoption of the a mend m rat, la authorize such sale aod the Legtalatore shall bv law prescribe Ue necessary fines and penalties for any vtMaltaasf tahaeo-UiA^kBiK-Understanding that the eosapaoy Is readt aad wtllmg to furnish any lnformatieD required by any member of PhiladelphiaPolitics. theIegalatare.Inregardtotheexpenseofrunningthetorchlight processions of numerous political clubs of thedemocratic and people's parties. Large ratification meet-ings have been held by both parties, as an opening of thespring mimic'pal campaign. There is mueh enthusiasm, the ©est of etch, as near as can be ascertained, aud asCoRSBcno».-.We are requested to state Out Lawrence dlesex .quarry by the premature explosion of a blast Ha regard yo» at one who would ttakta ' X j ^af S S h o a W *ThetrafficootheGreatWesternRailway for the weekTHBLATBMB.BBODKBICX'BWILLFOTGENU- CaptainBrookes,ofthesteamshipKangaroo,Ustop-endingyesterdayshowsanincreaseoftil,400overthebeforememberttplacedmaprominentpositionbytoeThey contain nothing of any interest whatever.Thesteamship8tLookarrivedatthisportyesthesemightyweaponsonthesideoftruthbeenpublishedasthatofthelateSenatorHon.CharlesGats,Indiana;W.AlvinLloyd,NewO«r- FlralaCleveland. TheSundayAmusement-JdlftathougstwiUartpats_ ,PevoowstlIntelligence.rNB.-There is a rumor that the will which has ping at the Everett House. ^ ^ ' corresponding week last year. " ^ a n T s u i d d y law petition has been preeeeted.eD reet Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com309 South 4th Stcommencedreceding 