 |delivered by Mr. Samuel Williams of The Utica Her-—Of a recent death in Philadelphia, The Press thu • ald, nod a Poem will be contributed by Mrs. C. H . of roughs and gamblers. -*elsewhere,andthe.buildingssolately full,ofinhabit-ants are now vacant and undergoing repair. It wasOwing t o n necessity for the latter operation that thedeeply interested. ".' ,-£ ;_THE DRINKING-FOUNTAIN MOVEMENT.—A drink- ing-fouhtain is in the course of erection hi the Zoologi-city or be without a supply during the warm weather. It inva» xiablycorrectstheilleffect*ofchancaof weather,andasaber- ersge it is the purest liquor mode in the world. <?P•*ut'uapinpintandquartbottle*. SoldbyallDruMiiU,'It.4--SIpnscent,,*Li,b.hail«titlehio:tothe»Mofatorchip^^fe^,<*^ Cater**. Tbemansionitselfis u> appear each ! surrounded b j luxuriant foliage, yrhile an elegant^wcb-Hsht pxoccasion, and in all public parade*«T {fcoAaaoci*-totheinsurrectionatPalermoantheJanuary avocationsunblashingly;U<uKow.r'pBTorseRailroadandStagedCompanies'stablesthrough- atroughforcattle. Adrinkingfountaiuha*bee** cuttbe city. Messrs. Solomon, Lookwood,Cutting, Bey- erected at Great Horton. A fountain has been mseiieg4BOA1*! OFHEA.ii.TH.—Thestatedmonthlymeeting Chambers yesterday afternoon, b a t t b e proceedlngjs•••viTHE GREA T RESERVOIR IN THE CENTRAL P AIIK.— An endless number of ox carts, wagons, and laborers andtheprovincialdollarsbegintocomein.Maythe %renowengagedinthemiddleofthegreatreservoir crop be abundant. of tbe Central Paik, intended for the uses pf the city.t h e a i r . D r . Rising of Suffield subsequently confirmed the fact of the presence of prosaic acid in the stomach; and there can be no doubt that Miss Work committedo f t h e l u n g s , 1 1 i n f l a m m a t i o n o f t h e b r a i n , 9 o f d i p - therite, 7 bronchitis, 7 congestion of brain, 7 conges-lot as.offered; at the end of two years a lease will beiKKW-tORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, JUKE 5, f860.1r,»denly last week at Simsbnry, under tnngnlur and mys-; tbe twenty-tbird year of his age, and has. been con-" The neWs came to us this morning, from the other»side of the world, of the departure of our brother, The- J with a notification on the first page that the Societyodore Parker, who for so many years in this hall has were not responsible for the sentiments it contained.approach of hot weather, the Summer.always brings to the city troops bf "eight-seeing strangers, to whom everything in the shape of good theatrical entertain- ment is a new sensation, to that the theaters now lookwere Americans, 70 Irish, 34 Germans, 5 French, 4 English, 3 Scotch, 3 West Indians, 2 Danes, and 1 Dutch.to tbe Mayor's Office to claim the assistance of the a u - thorities. He. was introduced to Capt. Hartt of t h e Twentyj-sixth Precinct, and. through his assistance, she was at last detected in a house of ill-fame in thisr city. She informed the Captain that she bad only lived a .short time with her seducer when be had left ber in Boston, butthere sheonlv remainedabout two weeks, and then she started for New-York, where, be-manfully stood up for what to him was the highest andbeet idea of truth, and right, and religion; and I thiuknow that h e is gone, and w e shall never see his So-(Tii'.ic head in the streets of Boston any more, and shall—Mr. Rarey has commenced a series of farewell exhi-bitions in the Alhambra Palace, London. On Tnes-' with confidence for a Summer as well as a WinterChristopher C. Concklin was appointed Secretary protern, ©elegates were present from New-York, Phila-delphia, Newark, Orange, N . J . ; Boston, Bloomfield,N. J . ; Baltimore, Chicago/ Portland, Me., Worcester,Mass.; Rochester and Albanv. A Committee on Cre-dentials were appointed, who reported fayorably of thedelegatespresent.TheConventionthenadjournedtill" ingutterlydestituteofthenecessitiesoflife,shere-:never bear bis voice again, and never read those burn-ing,vividwordswhichcamefromhispen,fresh"with difficultsubject,judgingfromthefollowingdescrip-solved to- become an inmate, of one of the kind of this morning at 10 o'clock a. m.v hom-es where she was found. On Friday morning'. she wa£i brought before the Mayor, where her father-Friday, weeping bitterly. Upon being questioned by Ricciardi, which contains interesting information touch-The California Menagerie.—Thean officer she stated that sbe w a s homeless aud without friends. H e r atorywas as follows: Sbe was seven- teen years of; ageanda native of Salem, N.J. Two vearsagox-erfatherpurchasedaplantation.nearNew- Orleans, and, with' his family, removed there. The *?ixlwenttoschoolafewmilesfromhome,andahired man was ia the habit of carrying her backward and forward in a wagon. During tbcae rides he succeeded; in winning her affections, and in persuading her to elope with him. She stole $100 belonging to her father, and the couple came to Philadelphia, where the villain effected her ruin, and, after obtaining all ber m.ney, andpledgingateaAranherclothing,hedesertedher.a r estill' intothestreetsbytheproprietorofthehousewhereANNIVKRSART.—davit against the scoundrel who bad betrayed her. She . was sent to the House of Refuge until her family couldbe communicated with.native of Calabria, is well known and very phpular m tbat nart oi the Neapolitan kingdom. In 1848 he was one of mv trustiest and bravest lieutenants in the msur- rfciion of the Calabrias, and he esr^eciaUy gave proof of his braverv and skill on the 27th of June, duringProf. Jacobs1s Temple of Magic, No. MA Broadway. —Mr. Jacobs, the html of all the wizards we have seen for years, is as popular as he is excellent is his profes- sion. The hall is crowded every night, and new tricks are constantly added to the programme.••—rrUNION COURSE.—To-day, the favorite little mare,Flora Temple, and the successful stallion, George M. Patchen,willtrotontheUnionCourseforapurseof $1,000, mile heats, best three in five. Patchen beat Ethan Allen easily, making the best stallion time on record—2:24. ThismatchwithFlora,whohasmade the unprecented time of a mile in 2:19J, is looked for-ward to With a great deal of interest.appears to be.the favorite, tha sporting fraternity laytheir money against Patchen with a great deal of cau-tion, knowing that he is capable of making quickertimethanhehas'yetaccomplished. Thematchto-day neceatarytovacatethematjbce. will undoubtedly-be witnessed by a larger crowd thanhasattonded any race this season. At the first matchbetween Ethan Allen and Patchen, there were proba-bly 10,000 persons on the ground, and nearly as manyat the second. This crowd embraced all classes,- fromthe judiciary and respectable merchants to the lowostFive-Point thieves and Mercer-street harlots. Pick-pockets, confidence men, and gamblers pursued theirThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069:-Prof.PierceofHarvardCollegehasgonetoEn- thatcombatatlongoddsbetweenAngitofa,andMaida,gland to spend the Summer months.• -ColC M.Campbell, oneof the editors of 77"'Memphis Avalanche, died on Wednesday, the 30th aft., atColumbia,Tenn. Hisnaturewassaidtobegeu|le, and hi» life was pure. I—The milkmen of Philadelphia find their occupation neariv gone on Sunday. F o r long they have been ac- rustcmed to make their lacteal presence known byblowing a born. An old act, passed in. 1822, forbid- ing this noise on the Sabbath, w i s found and applied to the case of one milkman, with the intimation that allotherswouldbeservedlikewise. Consequently, Philadelphia is in a nx&d ferment. If the drivers weoM-learn tbe New-York can, their revenge would be ample, and their horns would at once he returned to them. vthat lasted nearly twelve hours, in which from four to live hundred Cakbrians were seen fighting advantage- outly against nearly all the troops commanded by Gen; Nunziante, - which troops would have been utterly defeated lutd the other Calabnan chiefs come up to the aid of Stocco. Canoh is the brother of one of those glorious volunteers who were killed last year in t h e w a r against Austria. A s soonasheheardofGaribaldi'splans,heeamohere in baste from Pavia, and .it was his own mother who, still in monrningforher-eldest! son, presented mm. to the General, and, as if she had done nothing yet, pre- sented to him tbn sum of 30,OOO.franc*. X can toll you S a t traits of this kind arc by uo means rare with us, eenecialiy of late; and truly such a case does not fur- TM£h the least plain proof of the complete moral change that has Sen effected in tidy, and of the happy destiny Sat awauTTt. Nino Bixio, a native of Genoa, M much likedTereVand most popular> Italy.- Wounded at- rEZL £ 1849 bv the side of his compatriot and friend, GoTfr^y^Mamefy he formed part inl859 of the legion ooceirey JU»" /-i,.-ibaldi one of whose most bniliantstitutions, larger in extent, are planned to go iutooperation next Fall, .under other mauagement, but mission. The children sang^ several Sunday-School;—The Prince of W»k»> &uing &* v i a i t » Niagara, commanded by G ^ b a i o ^ o ^ Garibaldi, wffl be lodged at the residence of the late Mr. Zimmer-man. Every visitor to the Falls wifl remember this - delightful place. It is situated on the Canada side, but afew rods from the Clifton House,and commandsSftKSSffl^SS^ ona iongvo|age,heparish, consists of a column, surmounted by a globe- a iieanure-dcimping ground for siahko manure from the' | ahaped lamp, the gift of a lady, with Buitable/cupaj"find\fountain beforeitaddaio<the beauty of the grounds. Ema^m-theSeptember Nof the same year* In 1849-be | defended the rest of Sicily agjiinst the froy/ul trobps,inauguratethenewCrystal PalaceatMontreaL1noarrests, becausetherewss'hoplaceprovidedtolockQ1Stirling.—[life Builder. 'Wbv licannot Ncw-Yorkera have the privilegeday, the 22d. ult., he was to experimont on a ratherharvest. T h e Stunme'r season has now fairly begun,me hot blood of a manly heart, I think we can all of us tion sent up with,the animal. The owner says:qnite and sav, in the words which our Brother King " I have eent up tbe gigantic cart-horse Captain.has addressed to us, " Peace be to thee, our brother V' He is 19 hands high, and weighs 25 cwt. (probably the hourie for a scries of " Midsummer Entertainments," have covered tbe island as well as the surrounding In many things he differed from us; in.many things we largest horje in England); has drawn six tuns.weightdiiiered'fTOin nirn; but, after all,he was the fruit of our from the Borongh;;across London Bridge. H e has bit- bodv. If he went further, aod if, in going further, he ten no less than eight persons, some of whom it was west aw$v from us, still he was in the line of our tra- necessarv to remove to the hospital. One man is se-. Niblo's Garden.—Lmt night, Mr. Nixon opened this of New-York when its people, multiplied to millions, in which will be combined at once the attractions of country. Tho side walls have been built up to the re-. TAKING THE CENSUS.—Marshal Bynders bas been was anxiously awaiting her appearance, and the scenethat ensued was painfully affecting. She was then al- engaged during -he.past week in swearing in Marshals lowed to leave with her lather, add promised to lead aditioo, and be believed himself faithful to the principles lected to'atiend him, and is always armed with a stout form every night. For a full description of all thequired in this district,-and as only about one in five ofbracing tbe operations of the laborers, with its der-ricks, dislodged rocks, moving vehicles and men,presents an interesting spectacle. Blasting is contin-ually in progress, but tbe bottom- of the intended lakehas been pretty neaily levelled, and only a few rough,rocky spots, small when compared with the vastamountof labor upon the whole work, yet immense when con-sidered in tbe light of objects for tbe removal of singlehands, are left. Stones of great size are hoisted bymeans of derricks and put into the walls. At one endof the reservoir a steam-mill is-constantly employed ingrinding trap-rocks line, for the use of the masons infilling up the interstices'of the massive side walls. Thegite-bouf-es are about being begun. On Thursday, the shals engaged in taking, the census. The followingN , if. ;• . ~ — •CORRECTION.—John Connell, who was reported mvSaturday's paper, desires us to'say that he was arrested with-,•BURNING F L U I D ACCIDENT.—On Sunday evening,Mrs. Heritage, a widow lady living at No. 31 West Thirteen£fi ftreet had her clothes «<•t on fire by the explosion of a fluid lamp. All ia flames,, she rushed to the street and called for assistance. Several citw-ns hastened to her relief, and succeeded In extin- : guihhing: the names, hut not until the unfortunate woman had beeK Bt-riously,' ana, i t i s feared, fatally burned. A physician wa« i m - mediately summoned, but her recovery ia considered exceedingly doubtful. ' -•••which be had heen taught while he was in this home. Be was a thorough specimen of a New-England man— of a manly New-England man; a man not only with a manly heart and manly intellect, ready to grapple withall the great problems of life, and to utter freely and openlv liis word, as God gave it to him; but he was, be- side this (what all do not know so well), a man with a tender heart—with a feminine tenderness of heart— with' a heart which overflowed with affection toward those be lOved. W e shall see him no more; we shall h«;ar him no more; bat I thiuk there sure many hours toicome, in the great crisis of oaf history, when we alfctU-mi^his manliness, niBjfree«>oro, his euergeric de- votion to the truth, to -God, and the ri^ht. I could not, Sir, rise in this place, where he has stood so long,without doing great injustice to my own feelings, and, I fhink, great injustice to tbe feelings of many of you bdre, if not all, if 1 had sat down without as much as-tb£se few words." ^f—Brigbam Young, with several of the dignitaries of hid church, but^ with fewer, if any. of his wires, has been in Philadelphia for tbe past.ten days.J H e is ne- gotiating for the putchase of a paper mill, which *he proposes to set np in his city.—Mr. Francis McDonnell, a well-known Western sculptor, w a s on Sunday last married to Miss Kate A . Garrett, a t Cleveland, Ohio. Both are deaf ana dumb. Words were not necessary in the season of courtship,:xso the marriago ceremony was accomplished by a fervently bowed assent to written promises.—A young girl, about seventeen years of age, w a s found wandering about the streets of Philadelphia, onbludgeon as a protection. Pray mind, no stranger is allowed to go near him in the stable, aa he will take a, man up in his teeth and snake him as a dog would a yati.*" ' -..._.;.:, ;'.'-'...—The following letter has been sent to the editor ofThe London Ifcws." SIR: W e owe a debt of gratitude to the memory of Lady Noel Byron, which we hope you will allow us to discharge by .the means of your valuable paper. A f-sW davs before her death, Lady- Byron, turning a svmpathiziiijf thought to Italy, sent £ 4 0 as a subscrip- tion to the Garibalui fund, accompanying the gift with heartfelt withes lor the cause of our country. W e connder this act. from such a person at the eve of her departure from the struggles ol this world, a favorable omen to tbe Italian hopes, a blessing to the heroes whoaTe now fighting, not for any selfish aim or reward, but to open the "way to a generous race, shamefully trodden down by a Godless tyranny, to assert ifonoblest privileges among the nations." Ladv Byron appeals to have thought, in her dyinghour thatthenamo*heborewasasymbolofdeathless lthe applicants for the positions are found competent toharmony, between tbe English and'•t'h"•e. Italian mindj Bland, J. T. Raymond, C. Barton Hill, and others.DEMISE OF THE "UNITARY HOVSEHOLT)."—Be notalarmed, reader! W e have not to record the deceaseof the individuals comprising the many families w h oi-s.d the'spirit of the great bard of >Childe Harold' " spiritseen;* to have been with her when, before quitting, this Jise she smiled with faith on the resurrection of Italy. She felt that a nation cannot die which, 'amid all the disadvantages of repe&ted revolutions, the desolation of battles, ai-d the despair of ages, ' preserves ' still uii- quenched its " longing alter immortality"—the immor-tality of independence.' W e are, <fcc,« AUBELIO SAFEI, ' A. SCALIA,The piece will be tho .''Lady of Lyons."has.not acted in New-York for a long time, and will doubtless find as many admirers now as formerly.«'!,. 3KK*JNA,' , •• ii. JTAnlUCOTTI.,\o. 150 l^adsnhall^ French paper publishes a letter . from M . curiosities is|constantly increasing.OBITUARY.—Mr. Joseph E.'Taylor, an oldNew- Y<rier, died oh Saturday evening, at his residence in Lexington avenue. Mr. Taj lor was the father of the late Street Commissioner and himself held many of-ttrtet. May 21."Aquaria attract much attent'm, and'the stock of otheriog the seven officers who, with Garibaldi,- have uncertaken to assist the Sicilians to gain their freedom.We quote, a« follows: "LaMasaisknownthroughthebrilliantparthetookin the insurrection witnessed by the City of Palermo onthe12thofJanuary,1848,andalsothroughhis havimr taken part in the war of independence as a chief over some Sicilian volunteers. He contributed also to the defense of Messina against the royal troops, in the month of September, 184*. During his exile he published a few political and historical works, one of which was an account of the events of which Sicily was the theater in 1846 and 1849. Carini, who is also a Sicilian, got up a. regiment of cayaby a v Palermo during the revolutionary, period ot 1848 and 1849, andAlderman of the Fourteenth Waid from 1835 to 1838,•whentherevolutionbrokedownhetriedtoservem Wisehasvolunteeredaballoonascension,audthe exile not onlv the cause of Sicily, but also that of Italy,bvbis'FrenchandItalianReview,'whichappeared Messrs.Edgehavepromisedafinedisplayoffire- »be had been staying." The girl refused to make affi- at Paris until the commencement of 1859; Stocco, a works. .,proving that people can live in New-York, by associa- tion,fortwo-thirdstheexpenditurewhichthecommon. boarding-house system necessitates—and having- found his private business growing on his hands to such a n extent as to require his entire personal attention, he has been compelled reluctantly to give up the manage- mentofthe•"Unitary."Aa a result of his experiment, other and similar in-' Having no meins left, the poor creature was turnednavmg servea u» » TM yServices to the expedition, in••••'!E . JlOSSJiLLI, •o f n n c , o 1J v u t J S H ^ i f« P P WmSm$mfeted by so ifarge and mixed an assemblage. •in tbe wall of St. Andrew's churchyard. Kem»M<t a^^^^^^njr^holdeain upOTi-^Iyne. adjoining the Gallowgate baths and wass>-' A 'VH.ers#"'Bersipn, Manning,1 ABT. IS. S e c 1. N o boi*teron* or 1disonlorW conduct or nn- It is expected that Hat. Prince will visit Ottawa; and commAnded by Filangieri. Compelled to nee, he took; were in attendance, for the avowed purpose of arrest- the neigbborhobd, opol^i^f^^Mi**c****ry draron*tTHti©n of any kin* •*»». bo allowed. 8oc. 2. «*ny•mrmborwhorefnseaorneglect,toobey the command*of ^wwBctwgywhomconductisnotinaccoiduic*>withtbiaro- 4 w w m « t , aba.l bo liable ro be expelled from '.ho Association.? %**£&***? P****"0ei«b*eonyear* ofagewhowHlmaintain |nd win be govern?d by tbtu Constitution, may enrol bis name "jjpontheh-**an«Jbecon*5d*T*damember.ZART.34.ThisConstitutionmaybt»alteredoramendedbya 3*o-th±rdavotR of t h e «>em">«Ti» "present at a regularly-aotitted•Reccing, at which meeting, 100 shah be a quorum.PERSONAL.-Cbniuiittee^"and how^JfAf<>mt*^,mx^hUhM:U^be^i erected?4a ,?TVA CrystalPalaceforhisreception,andhewillofficially-lery-butatthefirstcryfromSicilyhedidnotfail'to thieves.Theyfoundplentyofthemthere,butmade nuisance,,BOoffensivethatpeoplecanscarcelylive TbediesiignwasexecntedbyMessrs*Barclay&Bead\~A number of Kew-York detectives a^Toronto. AtKingston tbepeoplearefittingupthe service.inTurkey,withtherankOfacolonelof arfil- ingandlockingupalTpersonswhomtheyknewtobe represented the manure heaps as''ah rhtolerable thewesternportionoftheStirlingCemetery Ground*.come, and Will no doubt render great services tothewithin tfn blocl'3 ofit when the wind carriesthe—TheHon.Ane*lPhelps,jr.,diedatSpringfield, .isadistinguishedofficeroftheoldSardinianarray,aud th<mupnearatbaud. Thisobjectionisveryeasily stenchtowardthem. Mr.D.B..Taylorappearedas slakingtheirthirstthesehotdaysatthepublic"Mass.,on,Satmdaylast,aged44years. Mr.Phelps htu3alsoexpiatedbyalongexileliisloveforliberty^" overcomebyadoptingthesuggestionofoneofthePo- .counselforMessrs.SavageandCrane,andquestionedwas a native of CrcenBeld, Mass., and formerly asso- "—A case ailec'ting raihoad passengers has recently lice Magu-trates of this city: Let the police-'carry along some of the compiaiiiiwjts as*to the stench. The^were<iatedin the editorial department of The: Greenfield been decided by the" Supreme Court of Massachusetts. with tbeina plentiful supply of handcuffs, arrest a-few of. impatient at that, and, after'a great, many strong ex-GazetteandConner,butforthelastsixteenyearshe Apa-fccngerwaspidperiyputoutofthecarsonthe theprofessionalthievesformthemintoachain-gang, pressionsontheirpart,andsomeassertionsoh:thehasresidedin.Springfield..Hewasalawyerbypro- BostonandWorcesterRoad,forrefusingtopayhie andshowthemuptothemultitude. Theyfrequently partofthedung-dealersthattheirheapswereinclosed oftheBoardpfHealthtookplaceintheAlaermaxoacause ofhis countrv by his special knowledge. Anfossi—Eistori,TJOVTtn«firstactres*inFrance,recently fetsiop,andforseveralyearswascloselyidentified fare. Bytheaidofhisbrotbpr,thepersonejected do.arrestthievesintil*city-withoutprovocation,sim- byahighfencebeneaththerockshtartheriver,thef : -A II::•j•'came near being poisoned bv a mistake. Her phyweian with tbe Western Railroad, having attended, with immediately got on to the sameL train, anh offered to ply to expose them -to thepolice force; and if they have nad ordered her a potion *id» fifleeti drop* of landatmm great Buccess, to their law business for the last fifteen pay his fare, but was again put out. The>case was- the right to do so in one case they have in another.irt it, bnt the chemist wiho tmute np the prescription | ^ in tbirt* drop*. Tbe symptoms produced by thw overdose -were for a sort time alarming, but the actress'Boon recovered sufficiently to resume her performances.Committee adjourned to report to the Board-of Heaithj* I ought not to.be m«de public, though he was assuredthat nothing transpired of any great consequence to the health pf the .city. The Commissioners of Health al«o held a mseting, and * ere as secret as the Board,years. He was.elected Mayor of the city for several trif d, and the Jury found that tho first ejectment was They would not be required to arrest more than fiveojF POLICE.—Mr. John A. Ken-SOPERINTENDENTsuccessive years. In politics be Was an Old-Line justifiable, but the second waB not so, and gave dam- or six before the »thers would take to their heels and nedy on Monday morning assumed the duties of Whig, and a steadfast friend of Daniel Webster. On ages: But the Supreme Court set aside the verdict, leave the course. . As to the three-card moute deal- General Superintendent of Police. The force has longthe breaking up of the Wbigparty he joinedthe Demo- and decided, that the party had no right toreenter the ers and the lottery-table and sweat-cloth proprietors, been in need of an efficient head, and w e believe that w-,—Mrs. Juliette H . Beach, in a review of Walt cratic ranks, and"has since been associated with that cars in the same train from which he hadbbenlawfullv they should be taken into custody and punished; and Mr. Kennedy is fully competent to faithfully dischargeLOVE-FEAST AT DUANE-STREET M. E. CHURCH.— On Sunday,afternoon a large number of aged people, from various portions of tbe city, fonam-ly connectodparty. ejected, and the conductor was justified in again ex- «vo*wd*:, ",1amnotatall squcamirtb," she s»»ys. —Brownlow,in.hisKnoxville Whig, faysthathesaw pellinghimafterhisreentry.the prop/ ietor-8 of the course, Messrs. Snaw 8c White,should also bo arrested and held to answer for permit-ting gambling to be carried on within the limits of theirproperty. They are as much amenable to the law, for mace by t i e Board of Police Magistrates, JusticesWhitman'* "Leaves of Grass," makes some frankthe duties of biB office. .POLICE MAGISTRATES.—Agreeably. to the change with the Duane-street M. E. Church, held a love-feast•" Not easily shocked either. I adore the beautiful; Attorney-General Black in Washington not long ago.•and grow impassioned as I drink in tho voluptuous in art or poesy. Amorous poetry, so /ar from being to me offensive, is delightful, and the Boft, liquid/lines o"tender love, and the deep strains of a burning passion, seem to nx*alike fit bymns for m;ro to offer up." As for Whitman, however, it is her candid opinion that4 bo cwtainly has not soul enough to be saved. I bardly think he has enough to be damned."—A young lady, named Martha Work, daughter of Mr.HastingsWorkofEastGrauby,Conn.,diedsud-—Mr. Ensign Eldridge, a man who recently died in Chatham, Mass., had lived ,without food for 77 days'Atin the church. Tbe exercises were conducted by theRev. Mr» Adams, the former pastor of the church. -There ^was much animation, and a great deal of glad- ness exhihited in the fact of so many brothers aud sis- ters of the olden time meeting together. The congrat- ulations of each other were warm, and al x>#ether trulycbaracterirtic of a real old-time Methodist love-feast*Vjti ;, . ... m-OUR PARSEE GUEST—HIS TREATMENT IX N « W -&&•" W e took a good look at him, and we don't hesitatetotaythatinbiscount*nance we could see mingled previoustohisdeath,itissaid.Welsh and Kelly on Monday entered upon the dis-tie virtues of the Wanderiig Jew and the ImpenitentThief upon the Cross! And, if Attorney-Genernl itorial and Typographical Aeeociation, which will beBlack is not a.villain, the Almighty does not write a legible hand, and this w e are unwilling to concede!"- —At the Seventh Annual Meeting of the State Ed- held at Buffalo on the 14th inst., the Address wiIToeSpeaks: 4* Mr. William Dunn died on Saturday morning, a' anearlyhour,afterashortillness."Mr.DunnwasinGildcrsleeve of Buffalo.—An insolvent debtor who had been imprisoned for debttenyears,wasrecentlydischarged,fromconfine-AfineGleeyClub,underthenameofTHE RAILINCENDIARISMAT. HARLEM.—Much excitement has been caused among the citizens of Harlem and Man hattanville,bythelateprevalenceofincendiaryfiresYPRK.-^A Bbston merchant writes to TJic oftbat'cityasfollows': ,TranscriptSrxtTTEits' G X E E C L U H , has been organized. ' Asso-toriouscircumstances.Sheboreanunblemishedchar- nectedwiththe'newspaperpressforseveralyears. mentbytheEnglishCommissionerofInsolvency. ciationsdesiringtheirservicescancommunicatowith inthoseplaces.- OnSaturdayeveningtwomoreAfew:!(dayssinceyeumentionedinyourpapertheWe knew the deceased well. He was one of the first The unfortunate had passed the ten years in tho were added to an already uncomfortable list—the first arrival here of Rustomjee Herjeebbor Wadia, a Parsee acter,andthedayofhermarriagewasfixedforTues- reportersofThePress,andwasemployedonituntil Queen'sPrison,London. / ",,Mr.&J.Clark,No.219Tenthavenue,orMr.Jabez inavacantframe-housein.One-hundred-and-twenty- genfleroahofBombay.Mr.WadiahasbeenlivingiaBurns,No.1C8WestNineteenthstreet.character,ingoodcircumstances,andisuniversally theperpetualintercourseofbusiness—-inthefrequent nowinEngland,havingcomehomewithalargerfctircompanionship of intimate and valued friendship—we nue. His proposed visit created a great sensaripn. presented to Capt. John Baxter, of the clipper-ship ninth street. TKere having been some reason for be- Ejand, ana who now holds, and has for, some yeansday,May29. Herintended husband, Mr.Walter two,orthree.monthsprevioustohiBdeath,atwhichIjoomjs of Windsor, is a young man of excellent time he filled a similar position upon The Ledger. In —Sir Curs»tjee Jamsetjee, the Pareee Baronet, isetaldebelongingtoMr.,EliasSeaman, in Ninety- IlerjeebhpyWadia.whoWashimselfeducatedinEnrespected. Miss Work taught school last Summer in had learned to appreciate, in the character of Mr.Windsor, as she had done previously, and subsequently Dunn, many of the noblest qualities of the head and among the natives, and it was supposed that the baronet an other places. She -was an estimable, prudent heart. Gifted beyond his years—a fluent and graceful would meet with a flattering reception.ness for many of. the best merchants in Boston, Salem, day.' She was eslecxued by all who knew her. She hoped for him a bright future. Generous to a fault," to horse Umpire was beaten. Umpire had been the first verance, in brin&ing said ship to New-York, -after being disman- / buridred-and-twen'y-fcixth street. The former iB a and New York; and to vainous gentlemen in thesewriter,afinerhetorician,andanoratorofmorethan girl; had a good education; saved her money, and ordinary merit—those that knew the deceased best,tion:madebythepolice,onSaturday night. Two,boys, ofMr.Wadia,formthehighlyrespectedhouseofDoe-sabhoy, Merwanjce dt Co., who have for some time•transacted, in a very satisfactory manner, much bimi-—A London letter-writer says that Mr. Ten Brocck had a little sum of her own, against her wedding arid most valued his friendship, always pictured and won $60,000 on the great Derby race, in which hisDai.iel McGovern and Edward McKiernan, were seized on suspicion of firing the dwelling in One-:had been engaged to Mr. Loomw for (we believe) morethau half a year, though when rallied by her femalethat very generofairy and good feeling which overflowed his heart may be .attributed whatever of frailty he posseswed in common with mankind.- W e remember Mr. Dunn as the warm friend of years^-the genialfavorite in the hotting, but in the race he came out the eleventh.tied bv a typliCKWitn the Indian Ocean, Jan. 20. i860."Atlantic Mutual, American, Boylston, China Mutual, Groat../Western, Merchants', and Neptune Insurance Offices."The passage of the Nabob is one of the most remark- -runner with engine Co. No. 32. . James Elliott, runner of the same Company, was also-arrested, charged withrplaces Mr. Wailia has letters of introduction.The Wadia family are well knpwh to the writer of this, and they are one of the oldest and best families of tbe ParsVeee in Bombay..Mr. Wadia being so near, while in Engband, to the |friends about her approaching marriage, she has on—At a meeting of the "Fraternity of. the iTwenty-move than one occasion during tbe la*t three months companion in the hours of gayety, and the sympa- eighth Congregational Society" of Boston, held in that able on record. After the gale abated^ tbe only whole firir-'g Mr. Seaman's stable.said that she ^vonld never be married—tha* ber death thizing friend in momenta «£trouble. Few men of uis city on Friday evening, the following resolutions were spars left were the foremast and bowsprit. Notwith- On Sunday considerable testimony was taken beforeyeais nad more devoted and sincere friends. Few, Justice Browntll, strongly confirming the charge Now World, where his kinemen have many friends would occur to prevent it. She stated this last Wirier indeed, in his sphere of life, go down to the grave adopted, after appropriate remarks from several gentle- standing the dismantled condition of the ship, she against Elliott. He was arrested by officers Batesand. and correspondents, was naturally desirous to extendto a lady acquaintance' who was rallying her about her leaving behind so many hundreds of friends,-who val- men: ,'.-'' made the passage from Manilla in 101 days, sailing ten his travels to this quarter, and he accordingly intends expected marriage with the remark that a chemise ued his friendship while living, and who now respect Resolved, That in tbe death of Theodore Parker w e mourn the thousand miles under jury-masts. The usual time of Golden of the mounted police, which organization is to paesfcouiemonths in Boston and New-York.nponwhich-shewasworking was tobewornontbe hismemorywhiledead." ' lossof one who has been to us aminister indeed,faithtulto passagefrom Manilla to..New-Yorkisaboutfrom110 every delegated troht, dS»ciwrgiiig all the functions of hi» officeoccasion of the marriage, when Miss Work answered —Judge Peter V . Daniel of the United States Su- with a generous dimegard of helf, and a conscientious care for tho to 115 days. The Nabob has been refitted, aud leaves preme Court, who died in Richmond on. Thursday- w»ll'are of his flock, which entitle him to our warmest iidmira-.provingitselfveryeffective. Theprisoners were all committed for a further hearing.Asthe.Parseesareknownheretobutveryfew,anddistinguished race, I was fearful that Mr. Wadia might that-she would be laid out in it for her funeral.' Sbe tion and gratitude; ateacher who taught us the highest truthn at New-York for Shanghae. this week in charge of the SALE OE PROPERTY EOR UNPAID TAXKS.—The n>eet wiith. some annoyances during his temporaryhadalsosubsequentlyrequested »ersistertogiveva- morning, wasborn at "Crow'sNest," in Stafford whichhehadarrived,howeverunpopularwiththemasnofmen, sameintrepidcommander. andwhoneverhesitatedtoutterwnatdutyimpelledhimtorious things to Mr. Loomis (•ingSg&c. :•, a d had ex- Connty, Ya., on the 24th of April, 1784. During his apeak", however painful tho utterance zuay.have been to him, or pressed a desire that if sbe died, she might be laid out life he occupied many positions of importance and hurtful to the pivjudic*n of others, thus seeking to warn us of allusualsaleofpropertyforunpaidtaxeswasopenedat sojournjinithiscountry. MyfearshavenotprovedCITY MOKTALITY.—The City Inspector's weeklyin her wedding dxess. A post mortem examination was prominence. When he had. just reached his 21st year, toward every human excellence, never appealing to a low motive, table reports the number of deaths in New-York for dues of tbe Croton Department, dating since 1854 and if he could have a room. He was told he could. Afterthatwasbaseandunmanly,toguidurisinthewayof virtueandmade,conductedbyDrs.KelloggandNewtonof Suf- hewaschosen to represent hisnativecountyinthe butevertowhatwai>highestandb-atinournature;afriendwho lastweektohavebeen 367,ofwhich120wereboys,field, and HainHn of East Grauby. Upon opening the Virginia Legislature, and after serving two terms was above tnoM! less- favored, but treated all men aud women as 106 girls, 80 mejQ, and 61 ^omen; showing a decrease equals, who WUMa brother to the huuublent • of men, the protectorincludesbothcityandcountyarrears,andthe unpaid theNew-YorkHotel,andregistering hisname,asked 1855. Tbe attendance was not large, and the bidding, some delay and no notice being taken of him, he againmanifest by its'powerful and j>ecnliar odor. The Doc State, a post which he held for npward of-twenty pressed, and who in his dealings with tho dnforiunate and do- year of 7. Of deaths from chronic disease, 51 were he said to tbe person at the office that, if they were gr.idi-d of every clasx showed u iijauiy »yinpathy and a womanly purifon with up town, were first taken up, aud soon intending to give him a room, he would tbauk some tors unanimously decided that death had. been caused .yea>s. After leaving the Council, he was appointed delicacy and tenderness; a man whono integrity never failed, cases <f consumption, 11 infantile maraemas, 9 dropsy, dieposed of up to the Sixth Ward, where tbe sale will bne to show him to'it. He was then told that he couldC o u r t . death.H e o c c u p i e d t h i s p o s i t i o n a t t h e t i m e o f h i s .o u r p o w e r , i n d i v i d u a l l y a u d a s a. s o c i e t y , t o d i s s e m i u p . t e s t i l l m o r ewidely tlio'gencrous sentiments aud great ideas of which ho wasthe representative, and whirh he spent his life in promulgating;and so carry forward the good work in which he labored BOlong, tion of lrmgp, 7 inflammation, of throat, 6 of apoplexy, given for the term the propertyWas bid off for, unlessnever, by reason of his snperior gifts or attainmeuts, set himself' iinquired if he could have a room. Yes, was the reply. stomach, the presence of prnssic acid was at once made elected a member of the Executive Council of the of the weak and helpless, the advocate of the rights oi the op- from last week of 55, and from the same wtek last but few cases of tax and Croton arrears occur, in com- Some further time elapsed, and, being left to himseifjby prussic acid,' and also that tbi* strong and usually by,Gen. Jackson, District Judge of the Federal whose puie life and noble character furnish a lolly modej which in the.head, 6 heart disease, 4 dropsy, 4 cancer; total,tbe.huniblestof u.a may well aspire to iinitate, though none of u^ be opened to-day. The terms and conditions of saleinstantaneous poison had in this case been rendered Court, and-was,subsequently appointed by President perhaps may hope to attain. 110. Of deathe from acute disease, 48 were casesofVan Buren to the Bench cf the United States Supreme Krsotved," That while w e gratefully and lovingly cherish the scarlet fever, 29 infantile covuleions, 19 inflammation etipulate that the property must be sold for the lowestslowerinitsworkbyprobableprotractedexposureto memoryofourmini.-ter,andguide,andfriend,wewiddoairill numberofyearsforwhichanypersonwilltakeeach—ItisstatedthatDr.0.W.Holmesdeliveredan 80faithfully,andwithsuchBuccess. itshouldberedeemedwithinthattime,inwhichcasesuicide. Butforwhatreason,nomortalcansav. addressbeforetheMassachusettsMedicalSocietylast ItisprobablethattheFraternitywillorderabust 6ofcroup,5whoopingcough,5inflammationofbow- thepurchaserswillhavetheirmoneyreturned,withHerinexplicableacthasplungedherfamilyandfriends Wednesday,inwhichhedeclared,inplainlanguage, ofMr.Parkerforitsrooms. into tie deepest du-tress, while the mysterious char- that mankind had been drugged to dsath; that what-sudden disappearance ofthe eldest daughter ofthe house, a handsome young lady o f about twenty years- It was afterward ascertained tbat she had visited a circus, performing at the time in Portland, and, having; made there the. acquaintance of one of the employees, . had eloped with him; Ever since, the unhappy father was in-search of his missing daughter, unti}, a short time 8gb, be was informed that she was leading a life of ill-lame in Nevp^York.'. H e immediately started t oacter of it has aroused the interest of the whole com- munity where she lived.ever would injure a well man would injure a sick one; and tbat the "world would be better off if the contents of every apothecary shop were .emptied into .the sea,CITY ITEMS:title of the purchaser will hot become absolute until after six months' notice has been given under the pro- visions cf the act of April 18, 1843.,deaths from external 'and other causes, 10 were "casualties," 5 premature births, 4 drowned, 4 old age, 2 delirium tremens; 2 intemperance, 1 exposure, 1 lues venera, 1 poison, 1 suicide; total, 41. ClassifiedAMUSEMENTS.—Tbe managerial announcements forable. A longdiscussionwasheldontbeproprietyof thisweekpromise\imunusual varietyand excellence tween1andtwo,58between2aod.5,53from5to20, Hatter*heldits first meetingatHumboldtHall,For-—At the Unitarian festival held in Boston on Taes-day the Rev. James.Freeman Clark passed a high ou-logiuxn on the late Theodore Parker, speaking of him publishing the address, though it was finally voted by of entertainment. While many of tbe theater-going 35 from 20 to 30, 61 from 30 to 50, and 39 from that as follows: the small majority .of, nine to give it to the public; but •citizens leave for the sea-side and the country at the age upward. With respect, to their nativities, 242jiiough the consequences to the fishes would be lament-in respect to their/ ages, 79 were under 1 year, 37 be-HA TTERS' CONVENTION.—A National Convention ofcountenancing gambling on their property, as any land-lord who lets a building in the city for gambling pur-poses. Respectable people, who feel an interest in Welsh taking the first turn. The business there will borsefleeh, delight in seeing honeBt trials of speed be- probably now be promptly attended to. Justice Con tween famouB horses; and it is an insult to them for nolly will hereafter he lound at Jefferson Market, and the propiietoi'g of the course to countenance this crowd Justice Osborn at Yorkvil'e.,operatic and dramatic artists. A futfjballet company, quired shight, except where a great deal of filling in of for taking the census* About one hundred will be re- better life henceforth.too, headed by Lina Windel, and the Misses Gale per- low ground was necessary. ' The vast hollow, .em-Floral and other wonders of the Garden as now fitted up, a reference to the advertising columns is necessary. Laura Kccncs Theater.—There was acted, for the first time last night, at this theater, a new burlesque byMr.H.G.Phmkett. ItisentitledV'OurJapanese Embassy," andJbe leading parts are given, of; course, to Mr. Jefferson? and Mrs. Wood, while Mrs. Vining, Mips lonc^ Burke, and Messrs. Burnett, Simmonds,Stoddart, and others, complete the cast.Wallack'g Theatrr.—-The "Overland Route" stillcrowds this house every night, and is announced for all the week.Academy of Munic.—" H Poliuto" waB given last night, with Madame Cortcsi as Pauline.Winter Garden.— To-night, this house will be opened for dramatic performances- again. The com- pany will be headed by Miss Julia Dean Hayne, and Mr.Geo.Jordan. In thecompany are Messrs.H.perforin the duties, the task of selecting them is ajYctc Bowery Theater.—A new drama is announced, called " Andrew Jackson."Fourteenth street. These fellow-citizens of ours areinstitution, that we have to speak. And thus we liave fices of trust in this city aud .county, having beennight for the first time, with George Christy in the fun is also superadded. .*Palace Garden.—An entertainment'will bo given here to-day for the benefit of the family of the unfortunate young man Conner, who was killed while attempting to go up in a balloon a short time ago. Mr.its second Winter, and now only is brought to a sud- TEIUMINER.—On the application of Nelson J . Water- den stop by the iutentional and, as it might Beem to bury, esq., the District-Attorney, Gov. Morgan has one ignorant of the facts, somewhat unnatural act of ordered an extraordinary term of the Court of Oyer the person who gave it biith. "Mr. Underhill states and Terminer, to be held in this city on Monday, the that, having devoted himself heartily and unselfishly to 25th inst., at 10 o'clock a. in. Judge Gould of* Troy thetaskofmanagingtheUnitaryHousehold,andof hasconsentedtopreside.who would not, fill the chair at the " White House,V with Juniorandhoneity. Letushave tlie " churU*" of Messrs.Lin-Mrs, Haynestill in the flesh, and undoubtedly still enjoying the, Barnum's American Museum.—A dramu entitkd^ comforts of bed and board, though in widely-scattered " Leoline, or the Child of Sorrow,"was given iHf places,andundoubtedlyatmuchhigherratesthan they paid for the same necessities at the Unitary Home. It is of the demise of the Household in its collective, asso- ciative capacity—of the " Unitary Household" as anbeen committed, or forfeiture incurred.' <night for the first time. The late additions to thebearspopular, and remain at their old quarters, corner of Fourth avenue and Thirteenth street, for an indefinitetime longer."«GeorgeChristy's Minstrels.—A newextravaganza, called"TheJapaneseTreaty,"wasproducedherelastAlthough Floracera and Fruit Stores. J -»*—• d Fruit btortUntitled Documentfimt cargo of granite stones for the purpose arrived here from Nova-Scotia and Were landed at the dock inextract from the law will show persons to what they are liable by a non-compliance with the census statute:clarge of tho Croton Engineer.• And bf it further enacted, '.That each and every free person , more than twenty years of age, belonging to any family rni-aiudlinz"vision, and in casli) any subdivision, and in case of the absence of the heads and?rs of any such fai ly,other rncn/bcrs of any such family, then any agent of such familyd each of them8hi.ll be, ai.d.eachi of them is horeby required, if 'korotore- quested by the Marshal or IrU assistant, to render a truepceouut, to tiie best of his or her knowledge,.of every person beloMguic to auch family, iu the- various particulars required in ai.id.by this act and the tables tnereto subjoined, on pain of for-have as/oeiatiVely inhabited the four brown-stone f<-ith.g s£30, to be sued f vr and recovered in an action "of debt bythe Assistant District-Attorney to the United States.houses known as Nos. 102,104. 106, and 108 Ea*t A-nd beit Jmtker enacted. That all lines and penalties'hereinto record tbe clpeing-up of another Sociabnlic abiding-place, this time, it would seem, by the voluntary act of Clerk of the Common Council in 1842, afterward Con-its managers, andwhile inthe full tide of its success.For its.friends are understood to claim that- sessmentsunderMr.JosephS.Taylor,hisson,fromit has been a success, in BOfar as the complete demon- strationofthofeasibilityofitsplanisconcerned. Ittroller during two terms, and finally Collector of As- which position he retired largely in arrears to the city.*principal part. The usual programme of musicand fairlj outlived the second Summer, and it had survived AN EXTRA TERM .OF THE COURT OF OYER AND No. :J08 Broadway, could i idicate, at a glance, who would, andclosing of the Household was not deferred till next cal Gardens, Regent's Park, from a design representing"Ax»b, VW O L » B ' I P T J U K C O O N A C , V KAN»T IS BOTTX.RS."Winter. Two of tho buildings have lately been a water-lily surrounded by foliage, executed in whiteMADKIUA, SHVKKT, A5(i>' "PORT Wi»g,'»settling in,a dangerous manner and it was absolutelymarble, by Mr. John Bell, sculptor. Preparations are also being made to place in the gardens now forming tbecenter,oiBatterseaParktwofountains,sculptured from a classical design ' by an eminent artist. The drinking-fountain which is erected at the Royal Ex- change is in thefonn.of ayoung_ girl, emblematical' of Temperance, pouring the refreshing beverage from the water-bottle into a cup placod for the use of drinkers.;THE MANURE HEAPS IN THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.—The Committee on Public Health of the Board ofAldermen held a meeting yesterday afternoon, for thopurpose of hearing parties interested in the alleged This work is the gift of Mr. Samuel Gurnev. A foun- nuisance at the foot of' Thirty-eighth street, East tain has been opened in.the center of Wandsworth. Kivcr, which is used by Messrs. Savage and Crane as The design, which is the work of a gentleman in tho;charge of mngiste-ial duties at the Tombs, JusticeEngland(hreeorfouryearsforeducationalpurpose*, rixth street, near Eighth avenue, the Sbcond in a and has traveled much in Europe. He is the son oflieving that these fires originated from a rivalry be- i<Id an important office in'the dock-yard^bf the East Nabob, a heavy gold chronometer watch, of Charles India Company, at Bombay,- an establishment much,Frodaham's make, upon which is the following inscrip- tween certain fire companies, several arrests were like the navy-yards in this country. Tbe three unclesPKESENTATION.—The BoardofUnderwritershave41ton aud New-York Underwriters, for his energy, skill and perse-Presented to CapL John Baxter, of the ship Nabob, by Bos-the City Hall yesterday at noon by the Controller. It groundless: Within a few days he left here for a short vi^it to jSew-York. On his arrival there he went toconsequently, not spirited. The lower Wards, wherenot beacebnimodated.Mr. Wadia, like most Orientals, is-a quiet man, ofkeen perceptions. He immediately1 took a coach and drove to the Fifth-Avenue Hotel, where he found shel- ter and; courteous, treatment.' Comment pn this ia unnecessery. • '• • f,;1 j1 - »AN oFT-TOtn TAT.E.^—During the month of Sep-tember bast, the household of a worthy citizen of Port--, els,4emall-pox,4measles,3teething;total,216.Of interestat•;therateof14percentperannum. The land,Me.?iwasthrownintogreatconfusionbythesy<h street, yesterday forenoon. The. meeting wascalled to order by E.Cornell, esq., of'New-York; find bis unfortunate child; and, arriving here* he wenttedious one. Only about one half the requisite num- out cause, having no intention of fighting any one.ber have been approved after a week's work, and the whole number will not be completed before the end of this week. The work will be commenced immedi- diately, and all persons should take pains to answer the questions put to them promptly,and correctly.'i1rH : tWarrants were issued yesterday afternoon for thearrest of a woman in the Twentieth Ward and one in." *•:t\ '. . '; TORNEY.To Tlie Editor of The A\-Y. Tribune.SIR: 1 beg to state"that the assertions of Mr. Jones,President of the Hoard of Councilman, made in that Board lave niaht, that I have fined »>eople £50 to $100, and returned but i}-2 SOto the City Tieasury, is entirely false-; and although I anx wiling to allow a very large latitude for the excitement of publio.' debate,'this is'taking too much, and I xhall bo obliged to tak» such proceedings in the matter as the nature of the case require* toward .Mr. Jon*.**. At the same time I shall he most happy to m e t the Committee appointed by the Board of Councilmen t o Investigate the aflairs of iiiy oflice, when 1 shall be able to show them the absurdity and malice of Mr. Jones's allegation.'At tho .same time, I take advantage of tais opportunity to> correct an impresbion that oeems to prevail, that the numerous complaints recently jnadc in respect- to violations of city ordi- neneen proceeds fiom uiy activity, which is eutirely orroneouH, since tbese complaints are made solely by the Police Depart- ment, over which 1 have no control. M v only activity has oeen. directed to endeavoring to keep the business of my office souie- where near tip to the mass of biuiness of.this kind, which has fox a short time past'almost overwhelmed us. ReRpectfullv,. • GEO. C GENET, Corporation Attorney. CoRPOKATloN-ArroKXEi'a OrriCE. New-Y ork, June 2,18«L- [Advertisement.]',:•..•'.. A CARD. •, ..-' V:-AOnr readers will please notice that HIKAM AXVUKSOX, i b « great Carpet Dealer, Jio. fl!) Bowery, has greatly reduced tho prices of John Crossley 4o Son's English Velvet and Brutsol* CAHPETINW, and is also selling Three-ply and Inxraiu Carpeting, Rugs, Mats. Matting, TnSle and Piano Covers, Window bhadea* &c, at prices far below any quoted in this city.- V-><f[Advertisement]. .*•THE RIGHT.MAN IN THE BIGHT PLACE."—W e should like to see the phrenological developments of «M. . theleading"candidates"placedin"juxta-position,"«ndtho Ihies drawn between them. VVe suppose Pro£ FOWUKX,the Seventh, for having refused to answer the ques- THE CHARGES AGAINST T H E CORPORATION A T -tions propounded by the Deputy United States Mar-provided for may be enforced in the Courts of the United St-ites within.'tbe States or Territories where such oiToiiao shall haveDEAF MUTES' SUNDAY-SCHOOLOn Sunday afternoon the anniversary of the Sunday- School of St. Ann's Church for Deaf Mutes took place at No. 9 West Eighteenth street. The exercises were conducted by the Rectors. The children were exam- ined in the'Catechism, and acquitted themselves well. Addresses were made by the Rectors, the Rev. Thos. Gallaudet, and'the Rev. C- C.Hoffman of the AfricanNo. 643 Broadway,The only authentic PBOTOGRAPBS of them taken in this counteyAlso', the di^erent candidates for the Presidency and Yioo- Presidency, fi'-•:«.'.'•.•• -• ,:' "'"'ilLr [Advortisoment.]GirlsandWomenshouldunderstand PHRENOL-ooY, to enable them to avoid aelfith and immoral men, and %Uo to train and educate children properly. Examinations at Po wxoua tWnu'i, No.808Broadway.Maythelastcioperatorlofttbehouse;tofindquarters interpretedtothornbysigns,theyappearingtobe.V«inthehandsjofeverytraveler. Nofamilyshouldleavethohymns with decided spirit. ' The deaf mutes of theinahy handshut his own. Accordingly, on the 31tjt of parish'Were present, and Mr. Hoffman's address was Wonra'u c.-lohrated SCUIXUAK AROXATIO Sctccumi ahonMheishimselfunwillingtorisktheoriginal householdtains-f jrProbably because damage the rum business. 'wealdwcrC pf such a nature, our reporter was informed, aascarcely any of the multitudes in our streets and trav-eling conveyances having ever seen any one of thatohySoward, Greeley, Douglas, Buchanan, and the rest. says Prof. FOWLBR"?. - fAdvertisement.]JAPANESE EMBASSY.Just received from Washington, on exhibition at UEADY'S GALLKKT,Whafe. • ,'••'};, [Advortisemont.]To THE TRAVEUNG COMMTJNITY.ITabove. They aro aU warranted pure and the beat «ttaUty. E t — botUe has the importer^ cortifioate o f i u purity. For sale b y a U Apothecariea, Fruit Stores, Grocers, and at tbe Depot, Na. » Bcaver-stx- i! » [Advertisement.}Nervous Debility, local and general, Mental D e - pression, and Loss of Memory, cured ey original and painleaa treatment, unattended by riak orthe loasjof tfine, by the inoom- parabte-in thim ijpeciahy—M. LASUtoifT, Physician and fAuthor, <tc, No. 647 Bioadway, up otaira, New- York, from _ a. m. to 5 p. m., and Tuesday and Thursday evenings from 7 to % Set) the hundred* of tertimoniaU l a bit popular book.*» v FamiUeiiwhonaeWinesahouldgivethepiefcwnoetoi•% i-.• • • ,"I'ORMRniCAnCaK.'Jsuch institutions-••••M www.fultonhistory.com 