 1When Maggie was gone to slecpjStephen, weary too ratives, E»«iay8, and Poems. ITho Same. < of escaping from this wretched entanglement. Every- •with his unaccustomed amount of rowing, and "-.nth thq , Kearly ten years ago—on tho 19th of July, 1850—-Austria, from Naples, to quench the beacon-fires of Liberty still burning jrigbtly if not cheerily on theprivate! action in the wife's favor. But she ought not universe of thought and emotion.to nee<l this, nor, I jthink, can she long.; Men mustmR]Ition of her pen around their unideal fortunes, and cor»tcmpl«tinn to admiring Dutchmen. _Thel mate assent from. her.' But each time he looked at her, ho clothes them with a profound human interest which feared the lady would have a-poor time of it on board, gathered a stronger dread of the new, quiet sadness the coldest reader cannot regard with indifference. for they had n'o accommodation for such entirely un-jl with which she met. his eyes. . And they were more* lqoked-foi*. paegengersrrrno private cabin larger tl|ian an j and more silent. >•'•"'read the writings of Margaret Fuller with interest toi hum of civilized industry, are at once graceful and is for that which is the birthright of every one capable appreciation, we will not jadge; but for all who oa,since* you don .t love me well enough to make every- her life had been committed: "ohe hud brought!sorrowthing else indifferent to yon—as I do you. Shall I stop into the lives of others-?—into the lives that were knit will.be welcomed and treasured by many who hadrally of a deep mind laud shallow heart, ho felt * sway of the atl'ect ions enough to appreciate their w ings in other men, but! never enough to receive] Iprepared.THE CHURCH OV TJJE FIRST TnKTO; CKNTURu*•afterward in tho Executive Council, and died suddenly r1''•ft-'^ 3Jj»M YJJher into ranie-sconM;- that ^reamy^idlw » g j TMH the:6cnso that a day of resistanfce was beginning for which had fasted for four hours, andliad ^ U ^ t some her. Her eyelashes were, still wet with tears, with weariness and cxhnntf ion-tho f ' f ^ W her .'shawl over her head, shesat fopkiug^at the slowly-rounding sun. Something roused'-Stephen, too, an^jgetting up from his hard bed, he came to Sit besidohcr. and t m X toJSSSSdl helped to bringfa into! The sharp inBtinct of •aitxio^s lOvesaw something togive him .alarm in tho vc-ry/.first glance. He had.a ch^m whSh n.adealast parting froni ItepheL sseml I hovering dread of 'some resibtanco in Maggie's natureshe had probably made arger and more various intel-•sdone by-others. See how tho tide is carrying us out— there were thoughts which would • presently• ivcngt "Wojnun: By MAHCAKKT Fctr.K.n (>3SOt Edited by her pathy, arms, material ad, in view of. the deadly Strug-" " I eiiid, we will not speak of this now; yet I liavn bpiraticn. Jiany of these poems, moreover, reveali I every writer as clear a"'*' Hero we are in sight of Mudport," he said, at last. ''Now, dearest," ho added, turning toward her with a look' that was half-beseeching, "the worst part of your a specimen of the vitality which pervades its com- couch for Maggie on the poop with all alacrity. But fatigue is over. On„'the land we can command swift- to pace up and'dowii the deeK leaning on Stephen—be- ness. In mi another hour and a half wo shall bo in a position, wo make a single extract from near the ing upheld bv his. strength—was the flrst clsange thac chaise together—and that will-seem rest to you, after.experienceher with abundant inateriak for humorous delinea- Presently Stephen observed a vessel coming afterworm atid man of affairs more attjjactive to h ^of one who is capable of being a consetrm^ bard yepjfiEW-.PUBLICATIONS.1theymusttrvtogettoTorbynefaatwjtheyTHE MILL OSTTHB'FLOSS.THK KILL ON THE FLOSS. 3y Ox<»*0» EUOT. lfcao., sleep of thought; itis the Bubmergencc, of'vox' ojvn pernpp.464. HarperfcTBrotheri.tordy reaJism Ofthe remariahle stories pub-to be the production of a woman's pen) presents awelcome relief to the morbid -sentiment, inflated '" imagination, and ghastly illusions which form thothe child waerequired by him, as a part of her daily sonalitybyanother. Every ?WgJj2^pSffi3 , Thesunwasrisingnow,'aridMaggiestartedupwith*tasksytocomposeanumljeriofLatinversesfatfourteon,stand-point, it isnot entirely.'satisfactory. Itconvinces a portion of that prime of intellectual life, fWfi*V and-twentytoforty, nponthemJ >»¥«">ar«- you, if you need to be convinced^ that the position, the " But granted tbat the exeman these gave"his fa.-nLl«M5romtheFrr •429/•Jo*t#-phiC 8'.' lished under the above pseudonym(nowunderstoodlectual acquisitions, wh Jther of words, of[facts, or of consideration, the e<3ucation of Woman, are not'what tie-T; tbe various lore they brought, and, the good tlZ Yjcbo"1 pt tt»rprf* V 77h The routine of common life furnishes j •en$uch to absorb all hor languid energy,„$ ^ jrelentlcfls destroyer oi shams and outworn traditions;1 hasthem. Several vessels, among them the steamer to l •who are hardly recognized in what is called society; more eagerly at"this vessol, as if a new thought hudcipal teacher in a seminary for young womon in Provi- over better calculated to arouse ami quicken inteftect; dence, B. L, where her rare intellectual powers, were none has mors clearly demonstrated that something" The man of genois feels that iiteracsre has b^in the homely joys and unpoeUcal griefs of peoploevinced and acknowledged.. .Returning to Massacbu- should and must he done; hut just what should be done for bis pen. Writing n worthless exec** a« the rd^i Ka>-:a. ^uidi: Oi-, Th«-. ^^come into his mind along with it, and then ho looked at withindifferenceorscorushepassesbythecon- Maggie,hesitatingly..setfs,. she ih 1839 commenced, in Boston, a series of was left to be devised and indicated by others, wlic-m oi life; and no great man was ever ml'mSivl thnsto £LKStfceI"i»TiMin?. r.»>ventionalities of fashion, to depict emotions thatcOnqucst. In ^hc present Mote of division cfh.))oe th* jj M«w n*l of Cfawrch Vh first book—a translation of; Eckerman's Conversations' have been and vriJl be corrected, many wise and hu- : literary, man niahj hinis/df condemned to te noUuW ] 2ipo. PP. *'»v \tthodid Xe going -to Mudport, or to any convenient ^ u n i v e r s a l in human experience. With perhaps, place on the coast northward, it would be our b^st plan less intensity of interest than Adam Bede,the present to get them to take" us'on board. You are fatigued—with Goethe—was published about this time.movelexhibits the same curious detection of artistic anu it may soon rain—it may be a~wretched business, getting to Torby in this boat. It's only a tr^qi&g-vea-^elements in humble life, the same acuto analysis o gelj but I dare say you can bo made tolerably comfortcharacter, midthe same vivid simplicity of narrative able. We'll take the cushions out of the bobt -It. is really our best plan. They'll bo glad enough to takeance that they, should be in at (Mudport by five, o'clock, : each with an inward burtheiVcbut in bim it was anIn 1841,she partly translated the letters of Gundorode and been and will bo enacted, in consequence of this book, jeverse. Men do »/jt offer him the wire of nr^fc-ia*. ppl, •42*>. iho-.-^iiffin. and description which crowned, that extraordinaryof natural emotion; and, without presenting her he exhausted with, fatigue and hunger. Take ua on!characters in a light which commands either ardent ayxnpdLiiy or deep respect, sho throws tho fascina-board—-will you ?—ana haul up the boat I'1 you well." "... .' i11 pay'old-fashioned, church-pew. But at least they h;xd| " TVe will not anticipate cnriositT|by giving even the Bu'.ch ehsinliness,which makesall other ineonytMienccsjslightest inkling of tho course of the'story; but, as tolerable; and the boat-cushions were spread into riclose of the narrative. •.-he needed: then came food, and then quiet recliqSngori They glided rapidly along;, Stephen rowing, helped the 'cushions, .with the sense that no new resolutionbv the backward-flowing tide,-past the Tot'ton'.trees could be taken that day. .Everything must wait till and kOuscfl—on between tho aiieut, sunny fields and to-morrow. Stephen -sat'beside her, with her hand 'hithis." • • •••.'Maggie fell it was time to speak: it would only bevmkm;tl now to'ae-sont by silence.' She spoke in thelowegt tone, as he had done, but with distinct decision. been gazed on with more discerning, sympathizingWcmnn as well as a Thinker, will find her faitbfulljand vividly depicted in the*e volumes, ewpeciallyiithot.e which constitute her Life, being in good part tbepersonal recollections of her near and true friend^ . sketches of the pm< Ralph Waldo Emerson|.James Freeman Clarke, and the CivE \V*ars to tiepastures, which seemed filled with; a natural joy that liip,; they could only speak to each other in low tones,• " W e shall noi be togethei—we shall hiive parted." The blood ru^ieil to Stephen's face. •eyes.. !".. ' I; '•;. •'••"•. Toward the close of 1811, she removed to New-York,the better to fulfill an' engJigemcnt then formed to con-tribute to the literary.'department of THE TIUBUNS.Hero she remained till the August of 1846, andabout one-fourth of the contents of the.four volumes ofher writings now before us first appeared in thethese columns, distinguished by the # signature so wel-come to bur more cultivated readers of fifteen yearsago. Thomas Hood—Fdgar A. Poe-{-Frcderick Doug-lass—Festus—Fmei-son's Essays—Capital Punishment—Cassius M. Clay-—jpjTeW Year's Day—St. Valentine'sbad no reproach for theirs. The breath of tin* yoaug, oi.lv look at each* other now and then, for itiwouldWilliam Heni-y Channing. Some further revelation (—But this, it will be said, is vague and transcen- of the reverent admiration and fervent affectioi* when-.' unwearied day, the delicious, rhytlimic dip of the oars, take a long wiiiie to dull the curiosity of tho five mc/a" W c shall-not," he said. ." I'll die first."It, was as he had dreaded—there was a strugglehad bccn-takr.'u now; he hud been tortured byscrirplesJ lie had fought fiercely with overmastering inclination; he had hesitated.: bin repentance was impossibly. CuurmureJ foxlh in fragmentary sentences hisixsir.did not belong to th«»t enchanted hvxo in which they —bis a'dbruticn—}»*.-* teiidemesS—hi? belief chajtime to tiu.o, us he went ou rowing idly , halt automati- cally: otherwJsej they spoke no word; for what could •words have been but an inlet to thought ? and thoughtwere enveloped—-it belonged to the past and the future that lay outside tin* haz: ilaggii w;is only dimly consciousof the banks, as t'-ey ;>jisaed them, and dwelt)ife together must be heaven—that hor presencj witfi ' .A porter guided them to the nearest inn and posting-lim w»ul<l give rapture to every Common day—that/to; houtse, and Stephen gave the order for the chaise as him w*ul<t giv<- rapungdecisive.*,A11noldiniria^tended,wit^alosflj} , anything,decisive. TAUyiolding^. _• : , }theynoware. Ateigh.yearsofage,weIwre heard,••We 'consider'(thisihe mostoriginalandeffectiva ofher works; and' yet, regarded from a strictlyilitorarytime irt Weimar court entertainments?* His d«t1<»aT minister-were not unworthy of him, though it wonJf have been perhaps, finer, if lie had not spent so lan2A C«TS ! S ? i S f e t e subjection to that strong mysterious| staple ofso large a portion of the popular fiction the den h of all jov-whlch made the thodght of that he-would be unable to overcome. He had thoshe endured, much in af;or life, and was often disabled out profit; but manyjhave closed it with bnt vague and the young prmfcctwies. aud that </0ld sz-ttrng hiniPfS ' TJWM St****: . Van MontrivA.for days by 6ick head-a die's and opimil sufferings re- dim ideas of what ought to be done. And this, resulted flj>an from his trne peers, the real s^vm-iW8 .^ Jjetter* Ion the Ilifiuneasy consciousness that h^ had robbed her of perfect •freedom yesterday: there was too much native honor in him for him not to feel that if her will should recoil, his. conduct would havo been odious, and she wouldhave a right, to reproach liim. .? V But Maggie did not fecl'that rjght: she was too con- tions and tragic' catastrophes; she finds her themes Mudport, had passed them with, the early tide,(but for- scious of fatal wealcnees in herself—too full of the tho last hour they had seen none. He looked more and tendeniees that comes with' the foreseen need for in- flicting a wound. She let him take her hand when he came to eit down beside her, and smiled at him-:—only withratherasstdglance;shecouldsiiynothingtopain •*,Maggie, dearest," he stud, at last, " if thisj vessel |him till the moment of possible parting was nearer. And BOthey drailk their cup of coffee together, and walked about tho deck, and lijard tho captain's assur-Hflechrr. By il. 1ST; M'fif.rTj Br'»tb^-for" tbV Urm*iSCO. HtrMii, Kb. |fc ybe Bay! fnvyirf'T: A ,' i:tJ Iiit>trtiz test A• . ( : « t . ,rtttire bas'b«*m>nui The C aiirch n( IIK* Flr» foo much a t-raft by Jt**If. No man.sho-iW liveWor ).j ?vo|f pi<. y.2of the day. In her most- effective croations, the • u f t o r ^ e r W t t e e o l i d ground of ^ j r - 4 *wounding him like the first touch of the torturing iron!| ,« > ,$She v/'as a philanthropist, preeminently, a critic, a' ensenmsthe found in circumstaaeca of h'w ti»nca^ can*!| g ^ a ^ ^ ^temperament, which made the character of mfsnoft^ .of th*•enough to absorb all hor languuus: I've got plenty of money about me; Ijcanipav"work wirbsuehaignal success ainoug almost all class- them well." I . " ] ' • * * ing, and alluded to landing and (o the change of motiones of-roadt-rs. The out line of tho plot, it would seem,istence, though lacking (the stimulus and almost; thecould furnish few appeals to the imagination;' such one course seemed as difticult as another. Ia dry and meager succession of commonplace inci- Stephen hailed the yessel... It was a Dutch vesselgoing to Mudport, the English mate informed hi 1at and,if tins' wind held, would bo there in less-than two . . but the genius of the author has triumphed over day?.Haydn, Mozart, Handel Bach, Beethoven, the ;two Herberts, and some others reprinted in those volumes,' firet appeared in '' The Dial," and so replete arc they with fresh, vigorous 'thoughts that they will yet be read with interest and ] rofit'by thousands.• In J843, she made a Summer excursion with somefrie,nds to Niagara and the (then) Far West—that is," It is hot tho transient .breath of poetic inse.ncc that cannot act wili but imperfectly appreciate action.'^ - women want; each can receive that from a loyer. Itdents promised no fund either oftragedy or comedy;—We would gladly make further extracts, but tfte'Maggie's heart' began to beat wilh rcawikened alarm at tbi^ new proposition; but she vsas tilent—and repose she would have in a carriage, wanting ^° assure himself more completely by ]>resupposing.that everything would bo as he had arrau'gen it. JPora long while Maggie contented herself with assuring him that she had bad a good night's rest, and that she (lidn't mind" about beingon the-vessel—it was not like being on tho open sea—it was only a little less pheasant thandeclared distinction between the sexes—for her state- hope of pecuniary recompense. The essays on Goetho, ment on this point: j "* ,.,scientific man may need Beclui?ion from the common affairs of life, for he has. his materials before him- j>at the man of letters must so'ek them in life, and hfcfojUthe scantiness of the subject; she has vivified tho *• We had got out too far with our boat," i d Ste- being in a boat on the Floes. But a suppressed rcuolve I phen. U I was trying,to make for Torby. lint I'm will betray itself in the eyes, and Stephen becamemoney; nor., notoriety, nor the badges of authority,which I men have appropriated to themselves. If de-mands^ made in their behalf, lay stress on any off theseparticulars, those who make them have not searcheddeeply into the needl The wantjs for that which at the rest, it matters little that our extracts are ncc««». •of Poetry by A Farji-n• * details of the school and of business with t-ho glow I afraid of the woatner; and this lady—my wifof-willmore and 'moreUneasy.as trie day advanced, under the sense that Maggie had entirely' lost her passiveness. He longed, but oid not dare, to speak of their hiarriage —ef wbere they would go after it, and the steps he would take to inform his father and the rest of what had happened^ He longed to assure himself of a tacittor of these must have uttered much more that it be. hoves them to study and possess, will acek the booln before us and read them intontly and thoughtfully*}'j^—The publication nMaggie, now really faint and trembling wit l fear,I was.taken on board, making an interesting ol ject of |journeying so far West as Rock -River. Her pictures not).)© forbidden power, lest there be temptation to steal and misuse it; [which would not have the mind of that region, then ju-t beginning to resound to the perverted by flattery from a worthiness of esteem; itvivid, truthful and poe.ic, and may yet be read'with of receiving it—the freedom, the religious,; and the in- thus read them we are sure that the poesesaion of the* younger Bulwer-nrehpleasure as enduring r< cords of a state of things which telligent freedom'of the uttivei.se,. to uue its means, to volumes will prove of greater value and profit than at est and pathos, disjjijti learn its secret, so far as Nature has enabled them, withwill F.eem stranger to none than to those who now in- God alone for their guide and' their iudge. additional quarter at the moat expensive or thejinofc aure of Moore's " i habit those regions, and who reflect that tho villages " Y e cannot believe it, men; but the only reason famous seminary. ! • musical command o- ' the frngv.ifcr.tnry'song of a passing bird heard now and .on board, and reduce these handsome young strangerathen, UP if it were only t:io overflowing oi brimful to thai le'u'cr degree of interest whieh belongs, in w coming. But neither of them dared to say anotherdental—it is poetry, sentiment, moonshine—not ..the statement of a real and tangible grievance, wherewith practical men and legislators may deal. Let us, then, turn to her presentment of the legal disabilities and burdens of Woman, as they almost universally existed fifteen years ago, but—wtJirejoicc* to say—as th jy exist.universally no longer:" I t may well be an Anti-Slavery party that pleads for Woman, if,we consider merely that she does not hold property.on equal terms with men; so that, if.awith she was justly >egarded as a daughter,- sistenani family counselor and guide, will be found in thobritf but fit Prefaces to the several volumes of her Worh by her brother, Arthur B. Fuller. How truly; aaj deeply she waa loved by the members of her heme or do—by the child barely old enough to climb .to he knee; the humble, illiterate servant who was encour- aged by her kindness to make her a confidant,and wi» found in her a true friend; by the unfortunate,the da- titute, the'despair!ngr—can never be fully set fortty.jd• glnc;b*dv.e«w, tiu' sweet solitude of a twofold couHciousm-ss thattwr.r. mingled into one by that grave/untiring gaz*> •' which need "hot i>eaverted—what else could there besailor's regiird, to all''objects ntgnrcr than the horixon.But Stephen was triumphantly happy. Every other; to the landing-place. .ITere there was a clusfer-ofthought or care was thrown into unmarked perspective in thesr minds for the lirst hour? iSome1 low, subdued, by the certainty that Maggie must he his. The leaxigazers, and. passengers awaiting the departure of the bteamboat to St. Ogg's. Maggie had a dim sense, when &he had landed", arid Stephen was- hurrying her al.ong on his arm, that'some one. had advanced toward her lrorn that cluster as if he were coming to speak to herJ- But she was hurried along, and was indifferent,to everything but the coming trial.languid exclamation of love came'from Stephen from 1satisfy her lightest wish was nearer to him tlityrf'alll they passed through the yard. Maggie took no notice were several to be pa&jed before ihe'y reached Luek- other blias—;that everything was easy for her salke, ex- of this, and only said: "Ask.them to show us into a—Fourth Of July—First .of August—Thanksgiving— husband dies without making a will', the wife, instead is sufficiently indicated in these volumes. No orie^k * A c a deliberate viwith no recognition on the villages: she knew then- reth, where they always stopped and iaft the boat. Atah times she V.JIS so liable to fits of absent*©, that aha wa*li'».cly enOffgh to let her wayvaarks pass uauoticed. jjvt at last Stephen, who had.been rowing moreand more i<"y,'ceased to row, laid down the oars, folded his aru.s. and looked down bo ike water as if watching the pu<e at whi<4h the bc:;t glided without bin help. Thin t'.ui'ka change roused M»ggio. Slie looked nt thecept to part with'her:* and now they never woiHd part; be would belong to her-for ever—and all that, was his'ji.room where we can sit down."When they entered, Maggie did not sit down, andStephen, whoso face had, a desperate determination in it, was' about to ring the boll, when she said, in a firm voice: •'."'''•'•." I'm not going: we must part here."Christmas—Grace Church—The Rich Poor Man—The of taking at once his place as head of the family, inher- its only-a part of his fortune, often .brought him by her- Poor Rich Man—Farewell to New-York—Such are the self, as" if sue were a child or ward only, not an oqual titles of a few of the essa'vs which many readers who partner. • j -f . * ..." . " We will not speak of the innumerable instances inlimited circumstances ever dealt more generously wifl ,tbe*e linesiiave a va•was her?—had no value for ium except as n waif UCrS. Such things, uttered in low broken times by the'onel voice that has first stirred the liber of youugpassio'x., have cnlv a feeble effect—on o.oerienced minds at a distance from tl;fcm. To poor Maggie they were very hem : they) were.like uoctar held close to thirstyjlips: there wasj" were younger once than they are now," will he glad to greet again in these fair volumes. \those whore,needs were more pressing than her ovra; few have oftenet found in others a more ready ad sympathetic response to the liberality of her own hr-j•daim a««p-oet ry.—Mr: fiailiweil •editor, announces FO: professional rumm.-.refar-strt:- l:irjg fields—;-.t tho bunks close by—and felt there must bt^tiu-n, a life for mortal acre oeiov^ which [torture be ginning, " do you mean to kill me ? What "that they were entirely stntnge to her. A terrible was.not hard aridcnill—in which alfoetion »watlid no! is the use of itnow 7 The whole thing is done."alarm took,possession of her. longer be eelf-sacrifice. Stephen's passionatefjvord*? " Ko, it is not done," said Maggie. " Too much is. were out of sight. No village was to be seen. She turned round agstin, with a look of distressed question- ing at Stephen.il<? went on watching the water, and said, in a ttouDuo, dreamy, absent tone, " Y'-«—a long wity.'•*" Ob, what shall I do?" cried M;iggie, iVran"ago:>y." W e phall not get home for hours—and Lmcy—On,-.' '" Oh, f-.!i--e wc passed Luckrcth—whore we were tomatie the vision of such a life more folly pn.'ent to hex done; more than we.can ever remove the trace of. But stop?" i«l;e exchuaied, lookkig buck to Bco.if the place than it had ever been beforetiiud-the vision forthetim ). will go no farther. Don't try to prevail with melength a resting-place in Rome; that "city of the.into debt nttne'expenspof these otherwise so OverKtskea genius and intrepidity, the labors and achievements,in Amsterdam, in blue on the story of '•Jrl ud in 16J8, and otln*r pi lings" were delighting he drymaiixed, at:•* ih Holland.<Jod help me 1"She clasped her hands and broke into a sob, like a part am! long purple isles of that wondrous land wide—Two volumes"ofjtrigbiened child: she thought of nothing but of meeting reveals itm-li to us when the sun goes down—the binLucy, and seeing her Jook of pained surprise and doubt that the evening star watches over. Maggi(| was t ever b}' a rash perversity that can answer no good—perhaps of just upbraiding. •Stephen moved and sat beaide her, and gently drewsleep all night .on the poop; it was better tuan goin purpose to any one—that can only create new e,vi!s. below; and sho was covered with tho 'warmest! wraj iaitidown, dearest; wait—think what you are going to pings the ship could furnish. It was still early, whe do.; Don't treat me as if you couldn't trust me."<-lie fact that she alone bad borne the pangs of their ion. Without evincing a servile, alhjgiancc toanjdown the clasped hands. ," Maggie," he s»iid, in n «leep tone of slow decision. the fatigues of the day brought on a drowsy longin, Ho had chosen the most effective appeal; but Mag-tudy of the r'.-soui-c«*s of his art, and to Lave receivd Dr. Addison Alexaudt" let usnoycr go home again—ti'J no one can part us —till we aje married."The unusual tone, the startling words, arrested Mag- gfe'tr sob, and she sat quite still—wondering: as if Stephen migfrt have seen some possibilities that would,alter everything, and annul -he wretched facts.*'See, Maggie, how everything has come without Our seeking—in spite of ail our efforts. We'uetferfor perfect rest, and Khc laid down her head, looking a I gie/ls will was fixed unswervingly on the comingequal right to them, I do believe"that tl.ismode.of kid- rounding the institutions enshrouding him, to that de- napping—and it is frequent enough in all classes of so-thought of being alono together again; it has all been that the conoition was a transient one, and that the morrow must bring back the old life of struggle—thaiWOMAN IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY, and KindredPuperH relating to tho Sph«r«, Condition, and llatio* o.'- .was appealing to her countrymen at home for sym-land, their hopes, auditheir homes. i.nd a docile sympathy with various forms of poeticu- •publisher-—would be:ttress. She had reproached Lim for being hurried into an inrev*>eablc trespass—she, who had been so weak herw-lf.^consent to a chvice of the lower. And a choice of wliat? tha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, in 1778, aud in 1809 indignation at the manifold treacheries and crimes of those charming, bui not noble persons, wlio taany class of Christians."(what, indeed, was.Self he one of the greates-t ihl] night, Let-Lie's:coUeviioo" Aa if I shouldn't feel what happened to yon—jnst hopes ? • Her life with Stephen could havo nojsacred the same," she said, with reproach of another kind—its etead. His sister, though of graver kind, was i<|ialand intellectual, not rbligious or tender. The mo'rfflfv-ing repulse of his early lovt^ checked the few pale iMids the British. Poets, the complete poetical work** well-known Americanthe faint dying flush in the west, where tbe oncjgoldei lamp wa'ftgeUmg brightcrahd brighter. Then she Jooket np. at Steplicn, who was still seated by her, hanging over her as he leaned his arm. against the vessel' 3' side* Behind ail the delicious visions of these hist hours which had flowed over her like a soft stream an i aiadt her entirely passive, there was the dim consciousnesswrench. She had made up her mind to suffer.• MARGARET FULLER. '.. •"MEMOIRS OF MARGARET FULLER OSSOLI:' By R. W. tial basis of Republican Liberty. While others, more of men's-laws to steal from a mother her own children, ton, but a frequent flavor of Hood and 'VVorddworti, many years, and in tl EKBMHOX, W. H/GHANA'INO, and J. 1'". CLAKKJJ. W ith a Or'arrogate any superior right in them, savethatof su- not to speak of Milton and Shakespeare, and someof he labored and died. . Portrait and Appondix. 2 vols. 12ioo. B<Aaton: Brown, sanguine, less far-seein. r, were dancing in exultation perior virtue, will boar the stigma he deserves, in com-Tagguid & Clitue. ' Over the grave of civil and religious despotism, she mon with him who steals grown men from their mother- the Italian poets, shows a generous range of reading —That •Purgator oa-wny "from all those unnatural bonds that we have Brother, AKTIIUH B. EULLEU. 1 voU^iao. •' .)Ston: Bro-wn, been trying make faster round us—and trying in vain. themselves for this oblivion. But now notliii g was Taggord & ChuHC.It will* carry as on to Torby, and we can land there, distinct to her: Ae was being lulled to sleep wij.ii that] ARTi LITERATURE. AND THE DRAMA. Thc'Same.and get some" carriage, and hurry on to York, and then •soft stream still flowing over her, with those d diciou^ A T HOWE AND ABROAD: Or, TliiugB and Thoughts ia Ame-to Scotland—and Kever pause a moment until we are visions melting and fading like the wondroui aeriai rica aud Europe. 1 vol. 12mo. Tin* Same.poken, for the subject makes mo feel too much. I creative, as well as a susceptible, miturc; they an his views as the insertfjVEW-yORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY,1 MAY 1% I860.VKnrffe*ag&fSS8ki 3 * x&.^energy fillMaggk. -waa luvrdlyL wmacioui^of l » v w ^ ^ f ° 3 caused misery^too late for every thing, perhaps/but to,their'rigorous exactions' of a du^^roportioii" A p a r t from this want felt in his works/there i« .rush away frrim thejlast act of baseness-—the tasting of "vivid consciousness'than resistance; it is,thejpartial, joyiBthat were .wrung from cruflhedbearts.'jO.'WinkMttr-tiexcluded all realities—ail except the returning sungleams which broke out on thewaters as the evening aplpreached, aud iningied with the visionary sunligiit o:i her, anger might leap out, and make a new barrier. promised happiness—all except the hand that [prassethers, and the'voice that spoke to her, aud the eyes thai!looked at her with grave, unspeakable, love.There was to be no rain, after lull; the cloudy, rolle off to the horizon again, making the great purple raisour' wherewith her najme and fortunes were destined own memory. I hayejeeen the husband who hadjstaincd MAKGAHET FOXLJCB OSSOLI.tobe henceforth blended. Entering its walls almost himself by a long course of low vice, till hia wife wassimultaneously with tip. dawn Of the new hopes for wearied from her heroic forgiveness, by finding that his Itnlv and for Man based on tho accession of Pius IX. treachery made it useless, and that if sh'e would ttrbvideIthe was trying silently to tighten.! her hold. Stephen, was continually, through the morning, expressing hi-s anxiety at the fatigue aud discomfort she was suffer-originality and force, was commenced in 1840, editedby Margaret Fuller, assistjed by It. W. Emerson, andothers; and-"she gave .to it-some* of her best daysand energies throughout ithc four years of its ex- .'Woman's Rights'' is an outcry aguinatjthe . Heaven- urmy.or an empire.- Yet surely h should be so. Tbtguilt, could hardly have been more direct and uu-•late—Toodatof--It|was-too-lato-already-nottohave RentalandphysicalexertiOn,werenot•understoodas sparing.-'--" -—.*• — ..•..•:........,..•,...•,;—;-,;..•, ..;. littlenessinhisaspectasacliaracter. WhywasteK.'r'word,"till the boat was let down, and they were takenagain, i. couldn't choose yesterday."hel«Jts. Such iiifatanefcs.couht up by scores within myWhat was he to do i He dared not go near her— He walked backward and forward in maddening per-. n. a.POEMS, L YRICAL AJtfD IDYLLIC.STEDMAN. 12nio. pp. 196. Charles Scribiicr.jdexiiy. .'.'•'• •',,; •VMaggie," he said, at last, pausing before her, and speaking in a tone of imploring wretchedness, "have some pity—hear me—forgive me for what I did yes- terday. I will obey you now—I will do nothing with- out your full consent. But don't blight' Our lives forbroad for herself and her children she must bo separatefrom his ill fame—I have known this man comb to install himself in the chamber of a woman who loathedhim., and say she should never take food without his^ ception of natural beauty, a' certain vein of humor^company. I have known these men steal their children, but subdued by the spirit of contemplation, a Ioverf| Addison Alexander v whom they knew they had no means to maintain,.take the minute and exact description of external UungtJ next week. They are. them- into dissolute company„ expose them -to bodily : nd the facile command of poetic language and iWrngta- ^ie numerous readers danger, to frighten, the poor woman, to whom, it seems, the first production •ofweakness of_his charac er, the infirmity of his purpose,and the unchangeable hostility of the influences sur- birth, and nourished their infancy, does not gis:e an mtister or .school, he seems to have made a faithis have been printed. ItwaB^oV-••bound to each other, so that only death can.part ns. land of the west. j LIFE WITHOUT AND LIFEtWITHIN: Or, Reveries, Nar- and gleaming bayonets •onvcrging from France, from cnees of extreme tyranny are, made known, tliero is impressions both from the outward world and. It. is the only right thing, dearest: it is the only wayeoon s.eb that as, on thji-ir own ground, Woman lis thething has concurred to point it.outto.us. We have intense inward life of the last twelve hours, but too IMargare.t Fuller.Oesoli, with her husband and child, "^ramparts of the seven-hilled city, found her calm, res- weaker pai-ty, she ought to have legal protection, DECISIONS OF THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENTcontrived nothing, we have thought of nothing our- restless to sleep, walked and lounged about the doclcl .selves." — withhiscigar,faronintomidnight,-notseeingthq ' Stephen spoke with deep, earnest pleading. Maggie dark water—hardly conscious there were stars-—hvingwas [lost to her mortal friends and kindred, in the wreckofthebarkElizabeth,ftoxriLeghornto>fow-which jwoujlu make suck oppression impossible! i Bui, PUBLIC LAND CASES. By \V. W. LX<TKR. 8V<X olute,fearless,leavingheryoungbabeinitsruralnest 1wouldnotdealjwith"atrociousinstances," except r.'i,•Il„P.u.K.II.Small.listened—passing from her «t;trt*ed wonderment to the only In the. near aiid distant future. "At .last fatiguS •York, on Fire Island beach, Long Island, just as aac in:"the batteries on' th 3 ramparts of the. beleaguered partial reoress in'some one matter, but go to tie yearning after that belief, that tie tide was doing it all conquered restlessneas, and he rolled himself up in J c.ame:' within eight of her native'shores, after a first city, and give'her days ;o sympathizing >labor3„ in the of the whole. If principles could be established, —that she might glide along with ih" swift,.* sUent piece of taipauling on the deck near'Maggie's 1jot. ' [{ eventful absence of more than four years; and her ticulars would adjust themselves aright. Ascerllu 'Stream, and not straggle any more. But across that She had fallen asleep bcfqre nine, and had booii slocpi printed Works--all that the general public can ever hospitals where tho wounded soldiers of the Republic, true.destiny of Woman;, gives her legitimate li. steuling influence came the terrible shadow of past ing for six hours before the faintest hint of a rudsumfi torn with cannon-shot aud parched with fever, were and a standard within herself; marriage and al thoughts; and the sudden horror lest now, at las:, the mer daybreak was discernible. She awoke' frc in tluifi : know of her genius and her character—have only been breathing their laBt in the bitter consciousness that' relations:would by 'degrees be harmonizee•complained of is not had belt r try the-tra era! prof. -•r fail ofJi<'. ', moment of fata] intoxication /was *lo-e-e upon her, vivid dreaming which makes the margin of out deepo given complete to tho reading world within the last they had poured out their life-blood. in behalf of a the£e."| ... ...'•.I—The :ew work ( liife in G ermany" >^called up feelings of anjo.*y resistance toward Stephen. rest: She was in a boat on the wide water with ste [few weeks. This delay, though not calculated, has—We have said that Margaret Fuller was j».-cjemi-.nentiy ,a critic. Her originality and vigor of mind, arc of present application, with all the laws*from1&:8to18C0;the;decisionsby theSecretarialthe Interior in cases of appeal from the CouiuiissiM* \and will iie issued byentitled " The Cott-incrsofS\k'itserlund.•eanbeliish< d with lli,eIx>w «5ot£o. iseem to hicomplete corps of liter•same\ irae Mrs. C I>ast,. aud Other Tab'• IM me go l" she said, in an agitated tone, Hashing phen. and in-the gathering darkness something like a an mdigiwmr look ut hyn, and trying to get her.Hands star appeared, that.grew.and grew till they saw it was free. "Yot:havewanted'todeprivemeofanychoice. theVirgin,seatedin'St.Ogg*sboat,anditcameneare You knew we wero come too far—you havedared to and nearer, till they saw tbe-Virgin \vas Lucy and the take advintfigeof ?ny thoughtlessness. It is unmanly boatman was Philip—no, not'Philip, but lnu- l>ro't,herJ to bring me into such a position." who rowed-past without looking at her;, and' s ie roseStung at this reproach, he released herhands, moved to stretch out her arms and call.to him, and th ir own back tohis iV^rmer place, and l'ohl»:<l his arms in a sort boat turned over with the movement, and thevof desperation at the difficulty Maggie's words had to sink, till with one spasm of dread ;>he seemed to• made present to him. If she would not consent to %o awake, and rind she was a child again in the parlor at on, he must curse himself lor the embarrassment he evening twilight, and Tom was not realfyjangry.hadledherinto. •Butthereproachwastheunendur-rage— wildeiment before her mind could get disentangled*' I didn't notice thatfwe had passed Luckreth till we from the confused web of dreums, but soon die wiiole had got to the next village; and then it came into my terrible truth urged itself upon her. Stephen was notmind thai we would go on. 1 ain't justify it: I ought by her now; she was atone with hvr own memory and meantime the public-appreciation of their iiuthor-sub- while, and tho upspriiiging Tree of Liberty will over-, ditterence is that between sight and life, preociehieto have told you. It is enough to nuike you hate me— •ht-r own dread. The irrevocable wroiig that must plot ject has been steadily broadening; and the full series spread the sunny land of-the Qracehi and of Rienzi, being, wisdom and Uve. Thus with Goethe. *JN.iltll-able thing: the one thing worse than parting with her Was, that she should feel*he had acted unworthily to-references to the deciisions of the Supreme Court of 9United States, in cases involving th(^ exposition oflaws. The work is evidently called for by the,of those interested in the public lands, and appearsbe well adapted to the purpose for which it has W &r. KmgctohV' Crui=eFromthesoothedsenseofthatfaluewakintrshftpato the real waking—to the plash of water agai'ast the vessel, and the sound of a footstep on the deck,'and theinto tjpo nihu.1 and heart of Margaret. Fuller than anynunjhbrcould"havedoneifissuo/1inthehothaetewhich the ittto!\-£l3 of " the trade" are supposed to re-polum to quench the'f arac of Liberty—the readiness alikeofsacerdotalandpoliticaloligarchiestoshedtor- rents of blood for the retention or recovery of justly" Of Goethe, asjof: other natures, where the iiitc istooImuchdevelopedinproportiontothe"ioral nature; it is difiioult to speak without seeming m: i OW,to lvcgisters, Receivers, and to Surveyors General; «* Valley," by Miss Guu.ihnojaceu,—Dr. Tnlloch. Prr; 1^tli^eri^ofboSkM ct the Reformation.'' T by Messrs'j Iihickwoo<iOh God—not a.choice of joy, but of conscious 'cruelty and hardness; for could siie ever cease to Bcubcfprf' her Lucy and Philip, with their murdered trust am».•-•tbe^ reproach "of lovo, asking for more trust. This x\<"s: she must for ever sink and wander vague'y^ Nyae'.an industrious, energetic, pains-taking iawyeir, were not. in their naturej special and temporary will be ySehlmgrtO* the idea, of Stephen's suffering was more" driven by uncertain impulse; for she had let; go tTic-of faith and tenderness that his heart put forth. Ml is Southey aiv comprised in ten volumes. An inteifriends wero friends of the intellect merely; alte>g4Qir, memoir of the author by Mr. H. T. Tuekermaa whe r-cenicd led by destiny to the place ho was to'tillw" 1 " Pardon him, World, that lie was too worldly: iDo fixed to the fiivt volume. The excellent typograpdoubt many, choice. si-j private galJones. Th. Ix^lie for Mr.! Brunei, th.ffttai than the other yielding, because it wa« leas dis- clew of life—that dew which once, in the fur-off years, with some solid but no Hiiining qualities, who began found collected and fitly presented in the volumos bo- tinguishable from that sense of others' claims which was her young need had clutched eo .-trOugly. Sho had re- life | in xt-vy straitened circumstances, but, enrly aL- f»ie us. Wo believe thein surpassed in value and sugr unmoral basis of her rer-yjU: nee. nounced all delights then, before she Know tlulm, be- fcching himself to the"old -Jeffersonian Republican par- gcetivenesa by"those o. no other American wonian.fore they had come within her reach.- Philip had beerjHe felt ;tll ihe reWnting in her look and tone—it w:is right when ho told her that she knew nothing] of re ty, rose with its rising fortnneSj and became iir 1815 a They combine richness and ripeness of cul.iure'withheaven opening.again. i l 0 moved to her side, aud nunciatibn: she had thought it was quite efcstaeyj Stfete.ScWtor, thence in 1817 a Representative in Con-- vigorous independence o: thought and absolute fearlesa-not wonder, Heart, jthat he was so heartless. Bettfvo, execution of this edition, and the cure with \vhi<* poare'Room, *'TIeniyttook her hand, Jeaniug hisolbow ou the back of the she saw it face to face now—that sad. patient! livinghas been prepared for the press, give it strong to a place in every library.organizing power Ayhich Bupcrsedes ,tfiem; and/that. THE 150Y INVENTOR: A MKMOW •>*MATTHKW K*****ft am-J'Jl lh<-v r* came.aware that the clouds ba<l DaybveaU eniuti, and the reddeningjeastorii light! mother jwas a woman of modest intellectual attain-gathered, tm& that tho slightest pe*rceptibfe fyeshealjig j' wl.ib-i.rr }.a t ii!'.- was grai;j>iug her iu tlii« way, witk ments but of rare mental as well as personal loveli-form "und'so weiter,y burned from it by the i!rt»a of ' 5* divine love, wingleB3,|motionk68,**««ablo to hide j'rOin died ut. Cambridge, Mass., a few' moatiw tigo. **W» &r Martin, wh-itself iu any subterfuge of labor, sayingngamuid rtoiin persona) ehanuter, a» well a» his peculiur mental* •pJawe of C^o^tl Byron,of the hxcAZA W ? giCWUigand growing, till ihe whol*charuc:i:,'* of the day was altered". j cf pCi'sibb* rescuH. .She could see Stephen nowlyi:u|! U at t'gl U/Tiirg ctbt'di which conies in thoilast m"i»meatt *'Yc.uv.'iii?>ecbhl;il'iggiB,i:ithUthindrew." I,•ior-thedeck;;tiiiia;:tasleep,andwiththesightofhjiwncj|j», wlio survived her husband twenty-four years,sayu:g. Her "Womai in. the Nineteenth Centurv," the simple words which he wouHl never distiuetl** flay dpwments, makes hia biography instrqetivo\ I* tJ*tin the peticil, thougl tl• m» raise; ;kc <).;ak over your shoulders, slant, ik<iier>i."especiallyinHnravownsofsympathyforthodebased ing rebukes'of those fashionable buttorflics who loathothe thought of speaking to quo of these, yet associate freely and smilingly wit li those whom they well know to be the authors of their ruin, tho partners of theirVttduable.r..-• —•—- • . . COOKS UKCRIVEIX*<!«ViraaplacedundCfCr-,Got u]> a;AI«gg;iiiob«ye<l: tiiere v.'as aa nnspcakaMo charm in —-tau tianight thut urged the sharpest inwatrd cry fdiiHu>-intimt Jos of the Os-.'y iuvk f^ ubeing Utu v/hui, U) do, a.'id having everything d.-.-hied for her.' *?ho Sat down ag«iin covered v/ith the cloak, wad SC'£ur« took to his oanj again, making hiUjte; tVWnumifeetation of ondsj His Maiter, indeed, make i, What'A Vill.H^DoWUblt! By H»l»tn»\.«» C * ^ **JEs w f PjfflSSBESBBM^I25SBS£Safe5S^B5SSSiSM3MB3SB8S8ttiB8SBMM:riot keen unfortunate. Their preparation has been .thorough..andconscientious; timohasbeengainedforhopeless,..ruined cause. - . - . . ' . .Thetriumph ofdespotism,-thoughnobly resisted,laws of Congress, passed prior to the year 1838,. xvmarried Margaret, daughter of Major Peter Crane, of CimtonL Mass. Of the seven children born of this un- ion; Margaret, our eul-ject, wa^ the first. The fatherwhich quenched the hopea of Italy in a sea of her ownday and.the man as plley find them, seeing the beTHE POETICAL WORKS OF ROBERT S0LTKBT-. Tola, rinio. Littlov Bxowu, is. Co.grc^> where hosci-Vcd till 18S5, resisting tho Missouri n<rs of utterance. No luman being ever lived whoseword; he dreaded to make another movement, that horns were for ever pressing on its brovr. Tlio yea Compro'rnisc and efficiently contributing to the election mental habitudes were more thoroughly self-contered transcend them; work in processes only to detect «heboat and saying nothing. J]o drei«ied to utter another•might j>rovoke another reproach or denial from her. erday, which could never be revoked—if shft coulc oljpjohn iQuincy Adams to tho.Presidency. He served- and self-reliant than fLife hur.g on her consents •%•lees, confuted, sickening :::i:«^ry. 'J'hey glided along.both *reading k-?t their leehags ahould be divided sense of rtct. .' jortc of Margaret Fuller. No one ever wrote in meni perfect and pure unconscious- ncssofthe.dictatesof"Society"—ofMrs.Potiphar and Mrs. Grundy. Heiice she eomotimes gave expres- sion to what scarcely another woman would have said, yet what, once uttored ; many felt grateful to her forSphinxes of fifty-five Ivolumea might well bo cttst into the abyss before the single word that solves then'i all..lCmo., pp. 103. WcOitttr, Wim) VCO,An interesting narrative of the life of a J - W K J lishboy,remarkableforhisprecocious niochanjc•ry thing els** was hope-ei.ango it COW for any length of inward, BiluutjOiidur inthisWay,bothrestinginthatsilenceasinahaven; aneb,shewouldhavebowedbeneaththaturosslwitbj;ofcholerain1835,.leavinghiswidowaudsixsurviv-ing children in very moderate .circumstances. The"ISoW,whenIthiukofGoet$e,1seemto'seehjsfoul, nil. the variagated plnmea- of knowledge, artistio talent. ' He came to this, country at an eArly ag*- fioyal Acade4y, \v-4:..strength whieh holds the clew of life, una saw that tindyin;.;ontho31stofJulyhist. Theoldestdaughterft viv ianie a Wave of uaguish tii'at found its way in r gave very early indications of rare intellectual force, and scorned outcasts of her own sex, aud in its sting-onearth—-GodbeyondNature—FaithbeyondSigh}* the Seeker nobler than the Mcistcr." For this mastery that Goethe prizes seoma to coiniistrather In the skillful juse of lii'duns khan in the ilfarpprcrscjj :cb. Tho worst bitterness of 'parting and her mental vivacity and love of aequiaition were ratboi? stimulated than judiciously restrained by thehelp, waa the pain it imtst give wto thuirmn., .Bout surmount farc^i njot through vanity or mistaken pride, but sim- ir>g everyi.Idng, was the horror at herhnvu pbseiyhand We**.0failure, the dread lest her eousciouco should 00 Iwply because in his day the law's of life uud health, andV^^Ato-a* '' LUt:*, »ra\ra & Co.»f>- Lamartiue has(^vhatfe called, whei Section) " rairiiig'tbo- •'..'•: • • '' '. . : IUntitled Documentideas, than ar.y other p< rs4h of like years in the world.But these treasures hat been won at a serious cost tothey, Should be; it doesnot so Clearly point out, to thegeneral mind, the practical reforms whereby these aredid to .the community, made them^orth his.Arfni why that perpetual dangling after/tfse roval farnifVf<rtoyltXkT£.}'ir]<i<r Jjtfirr* | or A lex •*: ti«V .•.-• ^j'ti.)i^I»t«^l froir» '*Kapp. IJmo. p]a physical frame naturally vigorous and robust, and to be rectified. .No woman, no man, ever read it with- Why nil that versomakmg for^thC, albam's of sorenlsulting from."those youthful excesses in study. ;Her inevitably from th* structure of tho authors mind. Wein:ar— Herder, Wiefand, and thcotliers'? 'Ihee exeducation mainly proceeded under her father's immedi-ate guidance and his rotf; 'but she spent some time at aboarding-school, and son o years afterward became prin- not a. creator, a legislator, a builder. No h$o x was the children of naf«*c wn eoh'cefvcy &to be in ffc>•''CcnverEations''forwomen,whichwerecontinuedthislivingwordshouldawakentoaconsciousnesses'pressalhisbeing.H.iBbookflfeouhlbewlyanbnW \.i»i4Nct«i!.Bj mthrough the. two. or-three-succeeding winters. 'Her wrong, of necessity, and of dsity. Hencw many abuses lion of hiniseSr. The obelisk should xmnb to*aetJ% p Tuifnaxa.mane modifications of our laws affecting Woman havo . tee. I)oe« he write a good book 1 it is not received % OTM»<I« «*• *^nT^i* i>:itrj evidence of his ability to lit-* and act, but xrdhwr the MIt<J> O1"*'* «»»* iJair;.-;[Flundefined fear, which ho trusted to-the coming honr Bettinc. "The Dial," a quarterly serial of eminent by persons who have scarcely heard the name, and .i s an earher age d.id to Petrarcaj they would' V smi Hfcrtorv cAHa<f':Iovri *lto diEsipate; in her it waea.definite reaolve on whichtlibe D<trvitfwter Api•!772. iJUben^^^r (ih •Tbo V*w>i«r •*" •^•'•<vn 'l(t Ghanptoo FA*«.:|1 JZXWMdfr. By'the v*S7S». TSckbgr HI *S3u> B««H»«d"ycr*rioH!«'^A-rif'Ticain 1'Atyif •" Vbrf?rov\ne.c of Rr»,:- .," TL« Ltinif«".. ULL.D. ISnwCr . •Jer]-«uj and JJer-jV-/,*!**443. B^tie*k'« uthe Prairies surronndinjg the head of Lake Michigan— once includes these and precludes them; which would jily few. How large a proportion of our ypunt in Literary Histoj v-of Chicago and Milwaukee described by hor are sepa- why women ever assume what is more appropriate .torated by barely- seventeen'' years from'the cities now you, is because you prevent them from finding out what covering their sites. The Indians who then camped is. fit for themselves. Were they free, were they wise,fully to develop the strength and beauty of Woman; tkty would never wish to be men, or man-like.. The well-instructed moon flies not from her orbit to seize on the glories of herx-artner. No; for she knows that one law rules, one heaven 'contains, one universe re- plies to them alike." . . . •Those who would know Margaret Fuller las j I measure- for "the uritcan lay is thus mtroqnThe bold broa«i ft Ai:d eye abvtra--*.* Firm on tbe Hwojl Itare is bL.^'••>:.ir* Vul) and 4eep-f..3i' Coicei hji* fnil utp Save WIIKII it rT lit Like hi**ing v.:ucAnd again:"Perbap* no ftr^a; a S<> little of a:i tic** Oiv'n lothe cp.iii lfa<! ra.if.-J hi.- bi£ £*u-a.« St'waa, a ^u Intbe thre^ tent«-beside them, the prairies which stretched, vast and mvirgin solitude, beyond them, have &eldom or neverknow nothing of tin* works, of Margaret Fuller, T; Let ns here make room—for the instruction of those who still think, or appear to think, that the demand for] r!«5i*d if he left his jrtudy to go forth to battle, liW^Cer.is not life-long sway; It needs but to become a c-oquette,a slirew, or a good coe-k, to be sure of that. It is not foregoing must suffice. Those who feel that tbeiwri.whichprofligateandidlemenliveupontheearningsof nature. Misconceivedanddisparagedby^many-ofher . industrious wives; or if .the wives leave them, and.takeEurope. 'Accompanying a family J6f beloved and threaten to rob 'them of the children if deprived of the since her death, grown steadily and visibly in the re- •evideiKC of the wide t rights of a husband, as they cull them; planting' them-loving friends, she traversed. England, Scotland, selves ih their poor lodgings, frightening them info pay- gard of the-high-souled "and philanthropic in dither Bpeare'8 plays had met Fiance, thence proceeding to Italy, and finding at ing tribute bv taking from them the children, running. hemisphere, and generations yet unborn will honor the an old Dutch tragedy" the Reform Pope," she flung her whole soul into thestruggle then initiated, never blinded by the glare ofpresent unbounded.and ilmost unresisted triumph to thoblack thunder-clouds gathering and muttering in thedistance; honoring the Pope for his kindly feelings andgood intentions, she wus yet never oblivious of theIn these productions of a youthful poet, may bert-l cognized the indications of a lively fancy, a keen perlwith them the children to pei*fornj_tbe double duty of cotemporaries, whom sectarian prejudice ordreadrfIn 1846, Margaret found herself able to fulfill horspeaking in the tones of a man who feels a process of long-tdserished, reluctantly-postponed «desire to visit mother and father, fallow from place to place, and her reformatory tendencies made her enemies, she has, glish acquisitions v eii" Maggie," he said,.turning round ^toward her, andHolland. Though hlogical Seminary at E sion and independence of judgment which is the essen- how, and that the man who avails himself of tlie-shelter models. Jsot a few traces are to be found of Tcany- t>e*t interests were, jvelopment of popular intelligence, freedom of 'discus- ciety—jwill be by the next age viewed as it is by Heavena happy influence from communion with the worthier*gle inevitably approach ng. Hence tho hour of over- could give instances that would startle the most'vulgarwhelming reaction, of deadly perils, of priestly male- and'callous; hutjl wfrjlnot, for the public opinjion of written from genuine experience, as well as ace3 ••' ' » v nient, now to he totWanted. a publish t r notes, about 40 pa tirate anO reprehend ib< effect of fancy fairs, injecte. Any person cesay at his oAvn rit|Adictions and popular consternation, of mustering legionstheir own eex is already against such men. and where observation; and present a true image of originaltbjstand through the nipht-watches beside her husband in the way of illustration, neither demand from uifcsh a The author of this volume, an officer of the Dcptf •address hue to X.heriipeandwidecultjure,stillmore,herperfectinteg- inquiry, for reflection, for comparison of recollections was inevitable. Thedsfese of Rome, hopeless from rity of:character and fearlessness of utterance^ qualiarid impressions, and for unlocking tho private cabinets the liii WHS yet ,neccjsary and beneficent. It ar-wherein h=ome of her choicest thoughts-lay hidden, rested and fixed the gaz of the civilized world, com- fied heir emphatically for this. Bear witness, tl fc fol- of the General Laud Office;' the more, important 1"nuclei!garb of casual letters to valued friends: so that pelling millions to pereeiye mid realize the ready, in- genius and achievements she profoundly apprj c •Ueee six vi.lumeo afford a clearer and deeper insight stinetive union of all th' powers of darkness and des- and admired, yet of,whom she did noj hesitate.t) paywhich have arisen under the land laws;-the i lions of the Co'mmissioncjs of the General Land-Ofi*quire.! '•pottivi ti.ey have been put forth within the year forfeited power. '.Rom< fell; but nations saw and <-om- bliiid, iiuid impertinent. For such men ace ill [ ward her. At last ho ^aid, iu a tone of* suppressed awful starlit sky. There was a moment of utter be cfp her startling and widely-lamented decease, they piehended the "'catastrophe; and the seed watered by. others live, and, if voii feel a want of a faculty irthe boat, end try to get you out here ? I'll tell Lucy up with heir bv trust aud love. Tho feeling of afew thort weeks had harried her into tho sins^ be clear of me forever. No one'ean blame you, because her nature had most recoiled from—breach of]After the fall of Rome, Margaret lingered some inmost regenerating influence. | :In this erudite work, an exposition is given oft*that I was mad—and that you hate me—and you shall•brighter piige opened in the history of Italy—tbatauh-I have behaved unpardonably to you." , faith and cruel cellishnesn; she had rent ! the nyjlaiid of.classic: uiemones for whose redemption shoMaggie was paralyzed: "it was easier to resist ties that had given meaning to duty, and laid made, dared and did allot' which a high-souled woman is ca- and energies to al.is.to-y of the uprising of 1818 and to say. Put the |education of his youth sectStepcn'a pleading than this picture ho had called up of herself an outlawed soul, with no guide but the way-i pable—-will necePHai ily win fresh regard for her who the disastrous overthrow of 1849. That history, still rather than balanced, his natural tendency; Hisf tierhimself guttering, While »h*y was vindicated—easier ward choice of her own oaesion. And where would was one of.lhe earliest, most enthusiastic, most devoted, in manuscript, was irrecoverably lost' with her in the was a gentlemanly martinct; dull, sour", and wfl-in-even fo turn away from his look of. tenderness than j that bad her ? where had it led her now 7 She badfrom this look of angry misery, that seemed to place | said she would rather die than fall into that temptation. American chanij.ioi!S oi Italian liberty and unity.her in selfish isolation from him. Jle hud called up'u .She feit it now—now that the consequences" of siilh a But who teas aXargaret, Fuller Ossoli ?state of feciiug in which the reasons which had acted fall had come before tbe outward act was completed. •Tiunithy Fuller, of the fourth generation from No one else could have i-et forth so clearly, so forcibly, search of information, for the attainment of whit are on her conscience seemed to to'be transmuted into mere There was at least thi3 fruit from all her years <>f striv- so movingly, that magnificent uprising of a nation; • no called accomplishment's. The mother was a delii %iful„•self-regard. The indignant fire in her eyes was ing alter the highest and best—that hor souljtlioiigh Thonias Fuller, a Furiiau who migrated from Old to person in her way;. open, genial, playful, full of liely ' quenched, and sho began to look at him with timid dis- betrayed, beguiled, ensnared, could never deliueratolv Kew-I&ijgland in lo'.'i\ was born in the Island of Mar- one could have more e fectively aroused and diffused talent, but without |earnestness'of soul. Sh,e w a |the blood of her mart} red defenders already throbs ir is halrd to say they have it not, lest, next m they puzzle you by giving some indication of it•wonla probably li. ye been more genomlly, but lessusefully, less s-:;ilsi',;ctojily read, than now. Yet with tho new life quick ming in its bosom. Yet a little they are not, nay, know not; thev only discern-!and twenty-five million•' of happy people will exult in ncveJ- heard"of her. while ghe lived. Then the new and its protecting shade.}Jy ALV.A>' &. Co.LAS«»O-*, D.D.. SVO., pp.^ ^ S ^ S Imonths in Italy, mainly in Florence, devoting her time' How this might have been liad he ever onccRiHan- dbned himself entirely to a sentiment, it is imp-tit ibleearly theology of the .Christian Chui-eli.'as exenijii^ X^aders,'" and the nunin tho ©pinions of Justin Martyr, Clement of Afcj* nomonn of thjat V iron L^throughout the world iave reason to lament this loss. ways turning his powerful liiind from side to aLds inblood..Aside from that lost history, all of her Writings thatis there already, but never making the better gnlvf in !. " i .J.lowing extract from her essay on Goethe, jwhose iuns of the Attorney-Gene:al in full, upon quBaxter, and Bunvan. th.e late origin and gradual formation of tho;doctrine* —The;V AuiobiogrrrriMthe Trinity, appealing in support of his views to ^ Leslie, the American arth shipwreck of July 19, 1850. The lovers of Freedom fluence on the son jwas wholly artificial. He wi* al- Writings of the above-named fathbra,and other sou* reepondence spcHaprepaoiof evidence. In treating the subject, he has " eink*' e**q., are akotit to be .pub orcd to exclude all personalities, and everything wW fci thcoining number ei \\ might give just cause of offense to any individual,* tains an anticipatcry..r.<-ii|formed, and of great ambition as to externals. I h in-Soul, that one so trap, as far.as he went, must yel be initiated into the deeper mysteries of Soul, perhaps eycM now lie sees that Aye must accept limitations onlii toto Wohiey at i e Bali, OriiIif.li," which art- .cja lie< yours, ami have not be Q in London jH>r-abouit rrice paid the!artist aib w-Anotljer artist'-"kr.owledgmuut of ii divine order,^hut tho temporal are always uppermost in tho mind of the reader, of thhii more at, largo Jn reference to his. works,,IWSir Kdw«rd Btdww Lyttoiv, «art. Llbnu-r*^' cook. • .';• •highnesse*, and those pretty pecty-4 fincertainmcnteS ' Scb-v-.I w lhe-0 AA+>>women now acquiring an education ar<* qualified t#**St. Stephen's" of .>i «fle," by *'•*Owen )I<|r heir choosesto be knBTEPOTXD CiAiourapment' of the Interior in the Federal Government,aimed at furnishing the necessary information ing'ard to the land affairs Of the United States, vrbiamay be obtained from an- inspection,.of the impo;hind laws, together with their construction by tbemihistrative officers. It contains a selection, from of our Tc-tonic bn*tidria, Origcn, and Husebius. Tho author maiotsaIn this installment of the excellent Bostou edition* have been dispersed by at3*vol«>. Wto* J- K. Linpiu^ott ii, Co. 0 1rTho P<x«ticat V» orlu ol Robvii ."iouthey. WHAuthor.10 vol*.I2JWO,(•>-.-unable to prevent TXI*J appearance of burl..:» of more chui^ic puetTickiiOr);andanew'•<x hy Mrs.lt. iBeccl.er St nOnncetiicnib of VVilkie complete' (w Ith its btwil•f-ifbofSir-MurouAi ^:»J^.'»7f"*-- -V'iM l i<\r%C•^•^•aig^BgiWJeiewi^^^^c^^^v-4fe^*-*»lfe^ag^^'3si^a^^*'";-w->^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 