 .'<canvass. I remember well a made to me, some bygeneralTbe air wbieh escaped from their Innx* was sliaadygfte JXm-inotk gfatcgV gtt<g5ttB, Iftmmrp 17« i860. iwrtnraf the coalition, sebed and imprisoaed Southern Butea. The SoDth, alarmed at the lesDha by practicaldeviae their new iamiea andA*» thera QDOoA ai^•NnrBntUunninFrance,andhewasdenounced growingimportancewhich theAboiitloniaUwet* Ml«rno>entsh—ave with all tiw of outraged virtue—not acquiring in the Northern Butea, and neeotM of- hot with iten not^'o"f,"r?i*gub.t°a* ;"a*n.d. 8t?h'e«*»»«r*»c?ite in the thhey theiadlgnatioa for the asaauita made iia and in- wtth bumsn natuie.tlrhbidtof tB the jgotth^. wjfc it liu theiran unfriendly act-but apoo peace saeuiity,faaviM viuUMd all the nsagee and laws of nonora- voked the puMetlon of the -Meral Oosecmaent, sinmenu many ttdaa* &*( ht MaaMd wSich He war. Booibem States treat citizens ol ine snd by a aerie* of iU*- the Abo- cannot be and kaow that onr_totb»Titw peKormedbav*e*capedthe eonntir-i'^(c#t|i^li**tf'e»4h^'M^MST^'UKvl' In^ipneiflhl }«t ^^HEEfP^JK"^'»*««. »« •vHence .and we are nd'="'ea KoiUi in the same «TMy, 'freffect,lfBO»hiai>lisittoB^p>dlBlliBon-4a caalition flame. The* iftinr i the discussion of ernmeat is shaped anAfrmed, aad ita pow«n da- to the execution of the law. At Mtt kd4ws tkmoftbe^Bo^TI^Boath acaicelythat the conunuance of practicea lotimaliug su^hHUT lead to ill feeling,impeaslbleom odHT.— force—IBwrtiea without exercise or the possibilityfanatics. It is the cheap valor of men who' O'CusoK'g political letter exemplifies tbe troth of just acts can convey that we nodentand and dies of men from Louisiana or New-York why profess to be aiming at tbe public interest while this opinion. If he expects to settle the contro- respect Iheir rights, and that whatever power vredisaffection in the heart Sigl&h realm. Forms without life laws without 01 the Democratic Party at the North, the pros-invasionNicaraguaor of armed bo- England by— ofaujuyment the;of and Illinois, which had losing Pennsylvaniaor they are only consulting their own. But it is versy now raging between the North and the may acquire in the govemment of -the eoontrjrareliketheshadowswhichthe Italian poet saw wandering along the banks of thepect provedthebulwarksoftheSouthinthelastelec-to this habit of to pandering opinionsSouth thatbasis-if heintends to upon—rirer ol death wearing, indeed, the formsthe of the is due. Mr. adecision tnenaked —— danger mainly byobtaining upon question [Applsnse.]manity,— rnx socTB icnos or gov.occurrences refute the sssumption. said each State is competent to ita own—Congress the other day when he said that the nat-ural tendency of every p>arty waa to be forced intothe position of its more advanced and radical mem- [Applause.]bers. It is like a reilroad train, always behind the That is piecisely the issue which the Pro-Slave-they oidaiaedGive oa again the spirit of Unionjust pride calling uponthe General Government for defence.af but witbont power of speech, wiihout thesylvaniacrime should be impossible unfortunatelyhu-facnlty of action, or even the capacity to suffer TBK 1^TASI0S or JOHN BBOWJt ITS BTTBCT OM—sioo.and to lore. Give us^iack the Union our fathers fonnad! Give ua back the Constitution which!—Under these accumulated influences, the South-that Johh Bbown, and that the Virginia hungof every State wouU forbid her thusyour patience, and tender yoa aysiacar* thauos for the kindness which has prompted yon to soh- mlt to the inconvenience of yoiir poaitmn [thb an- dience were standing] lor so long a time in Hateait.locomotive, butthe same destination.can Party in the North are in danger of being to make for the political controversies of tbe coun- to us by your intelligent and Aaaeinblr-patrioticdriven into Abolitionism, just as the Democrats of try lor years past. I am not at all surprised to [Langhter.] And I fear I may have failed to make the Booth are in danger ot becoming disunionists. find Mr. O'Conob's statement of the case warmly my meaning as clear and as I ««•<of of of common em mind had become —the apiiit concord, fraternity,sensitive. Theysure to be it to ry Disunionists oi the South, and the Abolition dragged byto me. I havepartly from the inconveniences of the ball aeeontoiand of common hopes, which filled their hearts, and which they fondly hoped would livefelt that they were menaced by dangers the precisenature of which they could not trace, and whichmay powerful ware tolargerIt is thus that the Republi- Disunionists of tbe North, have been endeavoringaspirationsStatesareconcerned buthowisDela- ;herself against invasion from or Rhode Island against New-York,andbnrointbe hearts of their children to the latest were all the more terrible on that account. Justat iliis moment, while they were in this condition,protect Pennsylvania,chanae ia the sentiments and the conduct of thedisarms danger by never overratmg it, the alarm would have been comparatively local and tempo-twenty yeara ago, has taken hold of the religiousachieved worth to its or to anybody else? posseaao^,Let us each for himself and within his owntations upon the Kansas question,fre h triumphsThe Federal Government forbids the passions and prejudices of the aliraists and tha ize the understanding in tbe same degree. Mr. South every assurance which kind worda and!generation [Applause.] if— elections, profoundfederacy?of; should it not also forbid the invasion of VirginiaarmedbodiesofmenfromPenn- preciselyKentucky by and bigotries which public men do not share, thatjodfid maaBaiea,fad approved, they gor- —willha4ile degree d««IMPwfa|ai oomfjil the dUithe question of oTavery bom the State to the halls hned by a written Oanstltntions—that it i« pot a this Act, as weti as vre kaow hal the pobllc aahti- plain and imperil the eiiat- of Federal leglaktloo. They sought to stids the conaoUdated power, like that of rr8iice,or Atutria, ment of the Bonth render* it' for a theywmb takeaAat^CpalBtO' provoke and feed it.demanded the suppression or New-York,—with lullman has rights- in any eral mails. even to expel JoBN limits, they are checked and tmunded per- tbe beat of it. But the South has a to com- ate anti just, they muat be thenof our Ameri- right ofcan Onion. What are incidenta hie theae of freedom of speech and of the Press. They in- terests and all acts within it* borders ;—ihat al- ing Slavery in the Sonthem Stateshot armptoitia that the Union la dissolred al- sisted upon breaking down the sanctity of the Fed- though its powers are full and free within their lions are compelled to recognize tha fact, and make If they woold have ua coolcool atnodlertaonlte,racnotnsUaence or at leaat the harmonypetitloB. Theyautboikyover all the in- Northern man to sefttiments coccero- speak hisside creates andstimalateaon theready f No Northern They attempted byelves. I roncede faUywMch the people thereof Qowcrr Adavd. venerable alike for bin years and emptory restrictions which they caiuiot pass—and Soofljera State, ^el plainwhen we enact laws, framed for theexpressBewarda are publicly offered his services, from the House of Representa- that all the powers and tights not conferred inbooad to leapect. public purposeofthem of theirandterests are threatened, whitenot,ligMa e* aliiof Northern men; State Legisla- tives, for a petition purporting to positive terms upon the Federal Qovenunent, are ish those among u* who may endeavor to secure that in this fact sB excnae fa to be fotind much Major PxajiT, a member for (be heada having presented theiriaah andjmg, „e atmiogfor defeuoe against anticipated have come from slaves ihemselTes, These violent reserved in express and unmistakable language, to them. WhatpoaslbleBo«!hCaroUoa.ha*lpi«»l*aBaad-ackablea Federal aovereignty only for the coimectlcn. witli the Northern the msiitation by committing the Federal Govern- common interests and the common wellare of theof our own are needless for citizens. They otterlymonstrances in reply. -BATCBB or TBI ISSBB—KB. O'CiOBOB'a TIBW Ofllcnwweto be elected tha Fedarat President,service can such laws ren- of their intemperate excitement andto coerce them toto ohedience to the Con- movemcnw only fed the flame of sectional agita- the several Bute* and the people thereof. And der—what possible obj^ can they accomplish, ni-jndged action. Bot after alUoat allowanc^ha* the justice of this view. In a letter he ha*atteinplaatltuiiaaandthelawa;extandedmovementaare tion. EachoneoftiiempavetheAbolitionlsua theyknow,too,ihatthecontroloftheirowndo- buttoexciteaadexasperatetheSouth,andto beenmadeforthis,thelactsUB. remains jost thallhbe«y- pnblished,hesaysOuVhebainofearsofdanceron foot <o establish commercial non-intercourse newba»is of action, enabling them to bring In some mestic ins|itations is thus reserved to tho people furnish fresh fuel for the sectional excitement have pushed the public ae««faient of the Northi?JSf.S*"i,''^ *^ present crisis ;-tiib}|Hhr aioee the election of Jtrr'BBaoB the adnuidstn-with the Norib, and to open trade with foreignwhich already blazes so fieitxly and so high 7I am well aware that the object,—the real mo-:eoontries in preference ;and in the height of theof their aims and endeavor*.eniment nor any one State hastion of the Govemment haaIhe Bootbeni States ;—that the moremenu of thaparpoae tmB'>>p«b-Govemment wooM be administered sab*t*atiaUTtoeoptiDned—by acquiring control of thateither purpose. It ia not with an eyeto advocated,Stateal So far aa the liberties guaranteed to ment to its support.common Union, within the defined llmiu and pei^practicalnew element of political influence, and to enlargeyond just Ihnluof every Bute,-and that neither the Federal Oov-to interferepropoaed to court the aiUaace df a foreign despot, ment of Ooveroment action. Abandoning the other State. [Applause.] Local sovereignty for slaves, nor the protactioo 01 the personal liberties tions of the Northern people ;thefym and paaalon of the timea, it has even been The South pushed the war into every depart- with the control of Blavery salt may exist in any five of these bills is not .the relief of fugitive tieated with cooiaiBpt tha conaciantioaasphereany rightpeen io the hand* ofand to aotidt protection &om his armies as prefer- policy of mere defence, tiiey endeavored tu fortify local affairsprepared to tolerate sharp wonla and Utt«r Y» take it into. their own; aadthatasenUtion, and the bold and defiant tone Republican leaders and presses throughoutcountry.attemptCuBBT, of Alabama, uttered a profound troth in is American Slavery right, or is it wrong, lean I have trespassed too long, fienow.cittzeBa, areaprofoundlyThist>e true so far as theand morealwaysingspokenwith labor anddiSealiyvassumed the bythe U nion andpreserve shallbeexercisedintheirprotectionCorthepaa- the of the country ishment of any one who woold their iara-wiaa.the:actual It may beprotection,countryof the Southern States 7 Such great revo-lutions, in the public sentiment of great communi-ties, never take place without distinct and adequate given to such common-place achievements. No Northern hostility and interference in their afiairs, Bhe has met the encroachments of the North inpeopwTheir motives may not always be provocation. —in a uponfor the evil thatconviction of the communitybold,and he must be atraceable to any single act, ^more frequently areWhy should not the Republicans thus answer, by apeopleonlypreservemost fearlul monument in the world's history of He was —willing to have the South understand was only the practical enforcement of their opin- deavoring to meet moral influences by material When Mr. O'Conob tells us, therelore, that is of tile hberties which they bequeathed to us and —rary.Virginiaci>untry.man, who,day,had a Governor who was notButone doubts bis courage, 'lis. sbility, his excessivenot to a rash sayUtt, (2) to the mamUT in which that action ha* excitement which the perpetration of any great caped therefrom. I do not believe it is possible for principles which it could nob-afford to lose;they'consider wrong,ittite Ttataitr in wAicA U lia» been resisted by the Soulhem States. This combination of influences, all traceable to one source, and having ono movingIt is hardly necessary to say that this change of capital out of so promising an event, sought to [Applause] I have no fear that the reflecting andhas brought the country to its present dis- tuioed and pciilous position.was the of the war under only beginningright every wrong, and located In tbe Stale—1,438 miles of main line of rul-and tliat great bulwark of South—into Kiee States and Slave States, was' Southern rights and general champion of pub-prepared and moral. So to bank his fortune. The yoong lady was wooed anddaysoftbeBepubiic. ThedivisionintoNorthand gies for his actsAt the outset all the States but one were lic peace and tranquillity, the New-York Herald, alaveholiing. The Northern States, yielding In [laughter,] devoted itself with unwearied assi- the course of time to the pressure alike of their duity to the task of hunting up every utterance consictioDs and their interests, relieved themselves of Abolitionist fanaticism, dragging it from its na- of the burden ol Slavery. The policy of emanci- tive tbscuilty and parading it before its credulous pation by slow, !^a[e and wise methods, was the and admiring readers in the Southern States asThedisturbanceslur as they are purely political, I have strong confi-gfaduaLTbe reveresd wished to make her his gentlemanot the country, and was making itsprool <>f the sentiments universally entertained,partIitcidpeactliaornes that " no ment of its provisions. per-manner as to makeyourand solemn averment can give the declarationyears ago,in this State, to whom Ithat as the Kan- settled there would feeling «ufficiently strong to bringtion waa checked;the merestsonnlState thehills ;and insuch a law isNorthernand applause.] Unfortunately,;had been chen^ed and great body:of the people.openlyregretand his accomplices were so speedily overtaken.istsgained ground very slowlyemissariea and agents every- people them to aaaume an attitude ofanysympathy liviiy particularand makes them the mere iosiro-ths qttlla andwbete, eompeUeas«f-deIenceL Kverymovementtowardseinancipa-byriilfs allments of its will.the heart of tho Democratic party of the North as'of the riiar-baatthe whole tendency in that di- rection ^aa arrested, and it soon came to be re- garded aa dangennu, and to be treated as criminal, to utter sentiments which but a few years before acted on by the Meantime the Abolition-;in the ranks Republicanthe outset they were so fe<4>le and obnoxious thatthey were denounced and treated as pestilent dis.of anwhich in the source ol all its dan_'er.do-turt>eraofthe Their wore Englishqiie:»tioti,quarrytbeteeth was much damaged by theworkaea, whaway objectionsI and still are freeing her slaves. At just about that time,—while been—as believe they were,—tution. Could pri>- service or labor may be due." You are all aware that thetheSouthsurpriseddoes the task become, and the the shock so that for the future there AaU 0* two dlsttaa^ greaterseveral of the Slave States were turniog their at- tention to the accomplishment of the same greatfonndly alarmed by w hat they believed to be the sentiments and intentions of the peoole of the Northern States., They v;ouldbe KOmettiing more,beball^ should be met by the North, and that the Anti- Slavery movement should have acquire.d tenfold So, again, alter the contest conceraing the govemment of the Territories acquired in the war with Mexico had been adjusted, when peace seemed likely to replacethe which bad disturbed the land, what agitationsperiorm- was it but the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, the armed invasion of Kansas, the assault nponand disturbance caused by an attempt to adjust it dtvlsioDii, each bsTtngtta *«a Ooiamor. Tha tiit ,.culiar circumstances, never fails to arouse, to pro- mulgate iheir sympathy with Bkowh, their appro- val of his. attempts, and their profound convictionsiuicts and'impulses of humanity in his heart, to"which it had no tation.feelingbutrepugnanceand detes-that JoBH Brown was in to abolish right seekingor that his vehement and extreme admirers are juElifisble in their denunciations of the Constitu-We are not bound toThe advanced sheets of the Beport on the Bail- roads of Tirgtnia for 1899, show la operation—la- cludlng 2S7 mllas of tbe BaltJmore aad Ohio RailrMdfeeling is ot recent growth. Although differences fasten thu responsibility for Jons Bbowk's actsof sentiment prevailed than as now, there was upon obnoxious and formidable opponents anone of this oijseiisiun, none of this hostility, none portion of the Itepublican Press teemed with ex- sentiments, for they share them with usresd distance is &33 miles, of wMeta distaace 307of tbb iuiense bitterness now so rife, in the early pressions of sympathy for Bbown and with apolo-;insult to the injury they sustain from this source.The language ol the Constitution upon this point ready to expire for lack of fuel. In 1844, whenthe Abolition movement struck in from theNorth. Starting from the mild and charitable er something less, than humanChristian piiocipie that any man who suffered him- Impressed by the demonstrations which have might escapevigor and power in consequence 7object,Much ccnsteraation haa been created inWhile iakitebeoswereexplodinginconseiiaewxofwaterself under any circumstances to own a slave was before their eyes. They imdoubtedly be-into their jurisdiction. It this con- struction bad obtained, the States would have beenand control, has been out of proportion to their po- litical influence in tho Federal Councils.the Southern States have less than a third of the—a pirate and a robt>er, that every slave had the to-day—the mass of the in thecalledto enact laws for the rendition of fugi-ficavsesedaMoInte, lodefeatible right to assert bis freedom Sonthern States believeupon slaves,being let in'o them too suddenly while ctaHled. Serpenttn* tboroogkty biMgadto-dayaqd to Ull any man who should resist his at- body of the people oi the North sympathise withof the their inter- Union,-The badbeen overwhh;backa fnim lugititiveBut doask, theyof the Slavery are partly politicalpolicysteaddytoward the southern |)oundary of the Union. Slaveholding section of this Confederacy. [Ap-As late as lb32 the State of Virginia was earn- plause and cries of ** Good !"] It is not strangeestly diecuEsing the best practical methods of that und»r such influences the South should have of the toandagainstgreaterandgreaterthroughouttheNorth,conceminsSirLveryandthesonheldtoserviceorlaborinoneState,underthe laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in con-IncraaslDg Importanc*oftheFrenchestabUahmaatsgreatpeople—'Mt the greatand totdlbt take tt, these societies entered upon the act of Jous Bbow5, and approve entirely of cided that this obligation Is imposed upon the Gen-theol the Govem- interests of the North-and it was recorded a* a lemarkabie etitnat- •isnce that 12.000 akaten sboold kav* baaa gatharad upon it at one time.y»of all the ami of the son who may Ix' held thereto in any other Slate. wereiryingtogivethemasaboon,andinsucha [atties, preieiice participation theNorthernStateshaveto(foin matteributflitfdopaad-eaga-inst S-la •I er&Sima. Thethisadied latheirbedonSaturday,7thlast,laogaBfoeaeaofin the South- the attempt in which he failed. And it Ls to that first,efleptofthismovementwas belietthattliehostilemovementssorife inthatthe public feelingoftheNorth,andarousedthattremendousdetail to oftheac- ten or fifteenof the Supreme Court, the organization of the commit- tee? in the Federal Senate, the role that obtains inveryto startle and arrest the Southern States in their section of th»conntry are mainly due.into general knowledge•cooperation is neither demanded nor aan it be legally afforded.depthsanywOtk of emancipation. They found themselves indanger of being suddenly crushed and buried be-neath the walls they were endeavorlnif i-raduallyand safely to removr. They found iheir slavesstimulated and urged to grasp by force, what they with whi lever weight this genrrhl union of men reetl) .the decisions and(ram a aavl^it aboonworthpossessing. Tber loiltid themselves compelled to look out fur tfae^ ipwn safety in presence of this new and terri-ble fbe.The Inciendlary appeals of Northern Abolition-ism, ^rcniated in speeches, in pamphlets, through«most —Has the grossly ofPB0TB8T or THB HOBIH AOUM&t TST^Amsa TKEbi the matter. Their duly is exclusively negative. They are merely hounil to enact no law or rr-RuIa- li- n which slidl liavi Uir eilnct, directly orlndi-of relciU'iiii? frorii service or labor any per-whichereoied lumare. tVhen Mr. aad Mia. 8awy*c w^wdiscovered is the artificial rssplrallaa waa morutognnsnccesrfuUy attempted as a means of rattoilag Ufa.BouTnxBX ETATaa.Now i^is mer-iinc ha.s licen called to declarethe facts of the case when I exaggerate sayit they failed to be provide bypopulation, wealth, in all tbe elements of political influenceIjondoo bythtimnsaalseverityoftheweather. Waarb<M:ka—the Republicans relythat with subrtantial coniideiicethe tlistributiou of Federal oflice, Ac, areniiuent of cilizenn, and their united All thisincitiment everyrecuarring— so uifected tinted." I believe It may safely do so. I believe the people and Legislatures the North that theywell-knownhad expressedPhiladelphia Mayor against"the North hart been'" the odious vice of restless minds"—aKrpublicanfhnie of influence and Confcdcracv.that in all this matter ple ofthe seruiinenttthe misrepre-of"masterly inac-thepovserIt is inevitable that this claim should be putmonstrated to tbeit to be utterly untrue that the ^Teat body of the ha»ebecome of that iiicapablegeneral parly"unit it is also inevitable that it should sport.havewhatever with the attempt of Johk Baowir, to" which constitutes their wholein thisthe us something to fall back on before drown another Presbyterian cler- or lynch more Free State men, or some-ancut ou tbe SchatUiiU alosg thatoftheNorthernKtatescither excite a servile insurrection, or to cntlcadutyto sue outliuunrtiuatoprevent ice froB beia*away do nothis acta,—snd biyondof the kindthing theyhave never faiteit us yet."and any party which it, willloseitsholdonthepublicmind.amall-poxapprove personal sympathyliberty project[Laughterfortu-—oftheofatonignoresWhv does the South resist this claim 7 Not be-haveaataiterest is concerned, they have notso farany questionnately,as the case may be, they didfail usfemabsltic at the just punishment by which heseveral deaths have occurred. Manypersons have recovered,andnewca«esaredallj^reported. Tt^law wasfate on the plea that his motives were good, and proposed to punishwhich tmprisonmeritIt is easy to challenge pity for his at the North. At [Applause.] —in this State lastwith fine andcitizen of New-York who should obey the re-there is undoubted troth in the sayinganyauiernrceemetnottahe summons pftion, is, fact,Even after Ihe adjustmentand the decision ol the Supreme Court, wliich leftof of the North in tbepublic peace. meetings kind will never class among infamout acts thosethaFederalMarshalinubbed, their sentiments were reprobated fromthe deeds which may have been performed under ain thereturn of aslave. That,aid certainly,everything in its hands, the South persistedrigbtlul ascendancy councils comes thus to bethere stUlstatesman, tliatthe genera! sense of man-of the law of Congress, and In obe-of Kansas iheaction —the Gov- covered in a at Csortkow In CaUicls- One ofpulpit, and even Mr. Gbielit took ground mistaken sense of virtue. But the motives of men is something we have no ri^ht to do. It is notregardedfejj^aa maTM^strongly agaiust them in the public Press. Grad- an actof bad faith towards the South, but itthe a Con- public itidignation by requiringually iney ixicala foothold in small localities, are matters between them and their Maker. Soci- onlyto make his obe- Federal law a crime against the State.afreshgressional code for tbe protectionhead, aad the ribs and whereas •Ions-bones *« of enormous niiaaaelections;foundleglslsiive hallshould be ashamed to countenanceihe ojenlegislation,Ver-and abominations of Slavery in theihe whole unjusiiliable. utterlywell tlatneeded on theof fugitive slaves.sionist **Milton'sAichangclInlipiltiT*acquiredcanOidatca for office found itcannot take cognizance of them except as they is a wrong againsttheindivi^^^laI,ot'Slavery inetyare inferred from the acts themselves. The hw dienceunforced election, however the whether he will obey that law or submit to its borbood. Here and there they acquired the bal- of society exacts the punishment, him of evil end the- enactment ol a law for-er in order to destroythe exclu^ion from pov^ Slaveryinance of power, and in im,political parties were ,t.,\te selves of their aUiance and aid.. ", , "closely coniestodto He haa aathe Teiritories the Charleston;by demanding Convention ofis an incident in the struggle for thesays the LoodoatoP"i.?L D "*"'«•" AbolitionisU in their neinh-to his own fVeo,Ne.v-YorS Slavery onlyThe Cunaidstesmerelections, *"conciliatesup-presumes a bad motive lor a 'oad act, and the safetyevery restoration of the balance of Demtx:rat who does not concur in Southern view:*,Africa, nun, on her last pasMge broughtBfnOI DPOH PAKIIE3—Acnos nrtbb bodth. ViOBBWwn contests the haWt „t courtinir the AboOiioil aata tniread to the county and the districtand wnenetet one of theirnum'ier himself sealed by virtue of their voie.^ in a hall ofwhether among the green hills of nxnt or the still greener valleys of Connecticut and Bhode bland, he was quite sure to send lorili, as evidence of his fulelity to the cause, stirring up. peda to the conscience of the nation against thocleaVandan obvious and outrage upon every principle af law and o( per-eagernessbis bis chediencc-rendering accomplices biddinghisshouldelecttheircandidate. Uo*'NedIsChlBs,whencetJwyw»«rtlpoedbrst«m«r*»'re^ythe peace snd security of the State of Virginia: andthem to an ig- nominious deatli for its commission. [Applause.]it that men can be so blind as not to see possibletbe inevitable effect upon the public mini in the Northern States, of such violent counai-ls and su^h intemperate threats as t/ese 7 Dmlonbteiily, much of this is due to the machiiiatioiis of8siFrarcl«o.convenient,theright for conscience of the individual may anquit penalties:;victory,to avail them- intent. The act of Bnowji andpunishment certain whether he obeys or disobeys, crushing him between the upper and aether mill-stoniess of FcOoral and Stata authority,- anRepublicansilf.cni the Union if Sbwabd is elected President li either of these men, or any other man, should asThssfnir has been a 4>rivato.«W' and is a»ld towas a high crime and misdemeanor againstSdctlle Fp.tehuel»st-lootam.« se.llng la Italy lobarjSjM'h.*pa»t«aMrk, profitable,the State of Virginia only exercised Us undoubted right,—only performedconflictingBaunnd In Hudson, on the-eveirfng of the 7th inst, be- tween Patrick Keagaa and JabBCal8aBa.drtrar> ofimperative duty,—putof the of the North or tolerate for a moment. [Applause.]whenitsonal right,which man competent to sit in a anyiJiRiinpioilicsyts in the South, who take for their motto the sentitnenA of the (irst great seces-any Southern HiEte. (he South would be perfectly justifiable in!o revolution for a redress of resorting wrongs.But mistake and misnn- [.Applause] they utterlytlersiand the scntiirient of the North when at- theytribute to the such If the people any design.DdpotThat the great bo<iyhold snbstsntialWto this opinion, I do not for a,—Better to reigu—In bell tbaa serve La heavenstsges for two rival hotels.Col*IMItraMilva<1 Severnmrment doubt.Jury.The use of the dinimawise ?nor mere theorists.of tho North are not fanatics— They know that governmentEveryno such law—that no law whatever isTheand who are <^evotingpeopleingenuitvNorth shouldThey use, in vny hands, for the invasion of the rights or {torn the UtJa^uaiyiMK^..l ayatLm oUigatorya* regard la Portaga - 1peopleHow, indeed, should it be other-af.esh wounds fims knifetha hana Of Keagaa,is not a matter oftrivance, and that its object is to secure practicalHow in the whole his ci>ncen and complicity manyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069speculationofpeo-apprehension substantially—coatie-andtheyMatb« NorthindicatenothingmorethantheTBKCASZ—TBB IBBEPBSSBrBLB COBTLICT. ConatitlltionarealreadyaadeaaintheSoutltcraitspowerwithparamomitreferencetotheirownofourGovernment.8olongasweobservethat,Theirmotiveiatomake'politicalcapitalathome. IhavethusstatedthepoliticalevilsofthepiobsiMyt*markedbyextremecauiioaandi»-dtiien are concerned, theof the Government in all itsmissions of the Constitution, is the cardinal maxim andare framed, placed upon cmi overburdened«m^and bySnma aa the rescrlpis of a Roman Emperor. The interests and ends. By this rapid and steady pro- we are safe. The moment we depart from it,a«UhMhMaCpf:the>atais|.y y«Bt*. aaleretyproTisionsdepartments,usingIt ia pertaciiy easy, I a^i awaie, to p«ok.pooh ISSe. the old Wliig Partv, finding its old issues all to emancipate her slaves, than Virginia has to send self to g() home at the end of the session, and tell public tranquillity on an impossible basis. Of ctrcnsiataaecaoc Cor i — aHthisanddiamiaaitaaofnoimportaBce. Hensupersededbythenewunuewhichbadgrownont anarmyintoNew-Yorktoregulatethetollsof hisconstituentshowboldandbravehehasbeenia Ihsvereadto-dayinoneoftheNew-Yorkjonr- mostpalpableandflagiaat^.at^aneh anggeatkwa aa idle andabaoid. Bd I^i aa thcT eaa detect the akeleton of a Con-Tbesf events, following one another In regular aUnlUuU, hiiiign; tip MKoewhere in tho musenm of succession, showingthe steady advance in all theof the Statea, and the righttttaHt'evrmiliea and antlqae relics at Washing-taa»llMy eAuiter the Union perfectly safeNorth of Anti-Slavery convictions, and indicatingister its laws as it see fit. I believe the maytrodden. All this is very fine ;and when he canflection, study and friendly interchange of thought"assert our rigbta frankly and firmly—not i> *iM«^and ready to waive claim* which gi*v Ottkr*without promising any anbatanti^ I<«tBa good.iiMllaia na^ to them that the life-bloodonly Bbowr,spirit of litigious technicality, bnt with the—with such dry-bone pairiodamof Northernwith aoffaoalofthebodypolitichavedeparted. I founddisquietude vote for Fkuiokthare' tooaaOAs.tfca Oaiiai haa gone, the Union ceases to be of been made before. The aatatantial Talne. The Constitution is notwotth the paper on [which it is written, when itliM thtu lost the power to establish justice, to eo-nuetranquiiiity, promote concord, and secure theliberty It was ordained to guarantee. It becomesaa mere a bauble as was the macs of the House ofCommona when Ckomweli. had stamped nut withIlia iron lieel the life and independence of that re-pnaentatlTe of the popular soTereignty of the Statearmpathy [Applause.]left an impression of danger more marked and seriona than had everthat be made or intended mayWhenthelife undsoulofespeciallysimilarin the future.ment, the North may very fairly be called upon to!the heartItandbe President of the United States.catchersentment of the excited South, and marched bold- ly up to the extreincst front of the army of thebefore the is countryIs Slave- Negrobarely escaped electingrBDinOHS.The whole North, I believe, ia prepared to ad-;simply:theinfluence In the councils of the nation, createdcertaintycoming ascendancywhole North notcondemns the invasion ofpoint to bis as men who held back and opponentspro- intheBoothernmind.TheVirginiabyJohnbut that It standsattempts at in- surrection, in Kentucky, Tennessee and other[Applause.]the some subetaalialand harmony of the Onion,he feelB all the ad-flier' that I have encountered anywhere.This let-sporadicStates, by which it was followed, showed th^vantage of hissnd between the regular ter convinces me, If I neededposition convincing,;that a set theexample(nrespectCor the uwa aoil tri-had slaves that thorespect.uponimpressiongained Bepubliranin other rsnks, he is very apt to secure him- legislator. An English political writer has re- natural joy from deaooacinBthe ground widely among thegiveour statute books forbidding and punishing the fit-Party aimed at theirand that its defeat was the death- tingour soil, ofarmed expedition.aad vflU|{agemancipation,blow of their hopes. Then came the renewed agi-should not the principle of our NeutralityWhy a race of votes. It is psndering to tha tellect, it by no means tends to enlarge and liberal- unhappy. Let na give oar brethrea of the laws be extended to the several States of our Con- merely—of the Republican Party in Congressional and incountry convictions in thispledges We have lawsof itsand of his own ana the man may be a very great lawyer without being a tunals t,f tbe land, avoid and Irown 'tha pfedged support party, nponvotes such appeals may bring from sympathizers very profound statesman or a very safe practical malignant faction which derive* a saUeBand iln-or Ohio 7 It may be said that such ahave any diflerent feelings upon this subject.It is meanest crcctuie which crawls the earth, when he is stmg- gliug to escape Irom unjust oppression, becomes ait,a remark of Eomund Biibkb, that theSo it has been from the beginning to the end. If 1 had time to follow in detail the political his-Now, in-my judg-—preciseIt is the duty of men, who are capable of rising commended by the Tribune ; not that the Tribune have wished. You will at all event* aariasw atatement of iiacts. Iknow theie are excuses for attempt to ezcits an armed insurrection of her ject and the duty of the General Government to above the temptation of l<x;al popularity, who rec- believes it to be true, but because it saves it the stand that, in my jtdgment, we owe some(hiaK secure all the States, large and small, against such ognize the difference between statesmanship and labor of making an argument. Mr. O'Cohob evi- more to our cotmtry, especially in these day* atI have thna lar confined myselt to a simple came John Bbowm's invasion of Virginia and hisanysuchshould arise 7It is the ob-the action of the Sontbein States and for the slaves. It startled the South, very much as a flashemergencyBbowb'b invasion ought to have been anof lightning would startle men who had built theirdwellings uiider the eaves of a powder magaiine. ment. They nave pnraued what BuaKE so justly Its very audacity clothed it with terror. We whothe * merciless of tear." They have live here in security, free from any pervading ele- policydangers. butoffence not only against VirginiaFederal Union, for it was calculated to involve theintrigue, and who feel the responsibilities as well as the luxury of public pUce and power, to check this tendency to extremes, this pandering to ultra-aronsed indignation and the hostile attitude of theagainst thewhole country, as well as Virginia, in ita fatal re- isms, and to hold themselves and the public mind ly right. With all bis ability as a lawyer, he can-turmoil and excitement than merely to step to the music of the party drum and obey the onlen af party leaders. We are all memben of one eoaa-Soatiiem'people. Theyhave acted under excite-atyieacooaulted their apprehensions, and taken counsel ment of social peril, Inctiae to look upon the alarm of their Tesentmenis, rather than the dictates of of the South as ont of all proportion to the magni-sults. But we have no such law now. Penn-sylvania might send ten thousand men against Vir- tution and of common sense. [Applause.]not carry any fairly drawn jury. of twelve men intry,sober reason and sound reflection. And in thistude of the actual danger. But no one who willtake the pains to inform himself as to the actualcondition of social life in the Southern States, canbe that such an attempt should have surprised—TBB ACTIOB Or TBB BOtTTB rBBDIHO TBB BZCITB-Let ns meet onr Hke hmm raspoadbHitie*have done what ail great com- only;a crosade wouldrespect theymtmides will always do under similar circum-of Con-alances of Invasion and of wrong.'CABSBS or TBIS CBABQB IB THa SXNTIIIIKT Or 'rfiXcarried terror and dismay into every plantation of every Southern State.of theitself a moral wrong, the great mass of them be-seek it at all, as a means of practical effect gtyingginia, to emancipate her slaves and overthrewyet the organizing of suchno lawas an offence against the General Govern- what I consider the on theher governmentand fixed on that subject. While very few of them,protect.who act upon convictions of aaty, andnot ngfoa aviolategress, and could not be resisted and punishedperhaps, hold the extreme .position of the Aboli-craving for fleeting popularity or for tbe temporary-of office. Let men seek office, if possession they;than the by Northern votes of such a law. passageto their renewal. When proposesprovoke Union on the chance of changing it.onr TTnlon fnmeagerness to face danger and challenge the world inthey doe to a series of acts, to a system of en- arms. But unfortunately he is not content to be single act of patriotism and fraternity which con- peace, she has resorted to remedies which could cumstances, to believe that Southern Slavery, as spirit in which it was formed—aometmng ef thecroachment and of assault, with- pursued, perhaps,with flicts with none of their avowed purposes or opin-nave no other effect than to the disease, it exists aggravateandIf and life which animated tbe men who old soulbrave, unless he can also impress the worldout any definite intent to injure, and m thoughtless the conviction of the fact. He is nothing if not ions, the charge extensivelyisand increase tenfold its virulence and its power. the Union were to be dissolved to-morrow aa the made it—something of the patriotiraa and high de-of the springs and real nature of popularignorance — theatrical. Inhis hands the whole transaction country, and profoundly and sincerely believed in She has made precisely the mistake which has jiltemative, they would not change in the least votion which — —— madethroughouttheto-day,justright. [Applause.]our fatbere to consecrate- indignation. The first French revolution, the becanfe essentially and thoroughly melo-dramatic. the Southern Slates that the invasion of Bsowa ruined despotism throughout the world of en- their settled faith in this respect. [Applause.] their fortunes and their lives to the establishment.promptedquitethe terror and tury of a people's wrath grew nat- that the affair was one of the most formidable in- ions the actual indication of theb designs ? One force. When the Abolitionists petitioned Con- the only way in whi<h the Union can be preserved, our posterity. [Loud and prolonged cheering.]— such act would do more than all the declamation gress for what not a soul in Congress dreamedwhich years oi silence and of sutTeringhad ripened because the greater the peril the more profound in the world to vindicate their loyalty to the Con- of granting, the South insisted on suppressing merely says that the Union cannot be preserved at into woat seemed to be the natural condition of would be their gratitude to the hero who had stitution and their devotion to the Union. I hope the freedom of petition. When the Abohtion- all. He throws up his case at the very opening.urally and inevisably out of the steady tyranny vasions ever set on foot by a powerful nation,byconvincing the North that is he Slavery right,miSCEI^ANBOUS.On the 3l8t ult. Mr. Moses Ross, of Uniontowa,Fiench society. It was not tho final explosion rescued them from it.He treated the raid of that before this Congress ends, if it shall ever be- ists speeches which everybody ret^arded I thiiik that he is mistaken. I think there is away is in-years before. They were already in a atace of . loins of the multitudinous North. Everything judice»«f partisanship, arxl give the country some ists sent through the;mails incendiary publications, that, whether S'avery in the Southern States is vlUare, broke through the ice just t>efore be rsacbedthat had been which constituted the revolution —some of its memberspiintedmay rise, as dull and stupid, the South insistedwhileRirer toto cross tbewrought in the hearts and souls of the people Bs if it bad l>een the full outpouiin;; from the for the moment, above the mere passians and pre- ing the freedom of speech. When the Abolition- volved, snd it lies in the recognition of the fact visit his brother, who lived Immediately oppostts Ifea;IBeown, tvith bis handfulof whites andnegroes,gin, [laughter,]onsuppress- out ol the difficulties in which thecountryattemplngHonongaheUactual rebellion, and it needed only the signal of he said and did was calculated to convey the assurance that all regard lor its common interests the South insisted upon subjecting the in^ils toright or wronr, vie have no responsibility for it, the there. Twoilit e glris who ware oa the bsakthe of some marftol in- some sharp event,— sparkstance ci outrage, which should strike ia>tant andthat it was only the premature ex-and its common rightsour public councils.has notfromthe espionage and the mercy ol individual ofiicers.wltnesmd his aad saw hiia Inaliy ptaea (tiugglcs,of the Ame*icsn people the remarkable change,butrendition of fugitive slaves. I shall not profess, the land were not cloven down, lor ihe- are to take that and actceive ?In a general way I believe I shall state it withNorth. Otherinfluencescombinedtoaidtheim-merelyordinary roads, gave dhectlons, locDe time back, ior be tbenecessaryreturnstobemade. FromtheiaItap- preserved, whatever may pears that th* traffic on the eommoa roads has sllglit- be their opinions as to the riaht or wrong of Sla- Iv dimini.'<hed on a lew luanlag parallel with rail-imprebsioHyet departed [Ajiplause.]and 10 right whatever to Interfere wiih it.[Ap- thereb\ihatOBtb*iceto markthespotwhereh*saak.to The FicBch Government being desiron* as-certain vrhat eflect the establishment of railways iaplosionconspiracy(•.]are limitations to our political power, and that this The girl* were so paralysed with fright tkatther wholequestion,solarasitrelatestotheSouthern wereuaabletaprocuretbedrowalagmanasBlstaaca.ot an enormous that thou-;Ineveryinstance the the South policy pursued byIt lies inrecognizingthe fact thatAs he did so be remsrkcd, "lam ready to go aow.*simultaneous conviction into-^the public heart, to sands and tens of thousands of men in the nixDiiiOK or rcoiTivB elavm—psbso-nal lid- convened what would have been a mere individualexplodetheWbtmagazineofpopularwrathwhich NorthernStateswereorganizedfortheonset, XETTBILLS. grievanceintothedenialandattempteddestnic-years of wrong had gathered and treasured up. that money in vast abundance was at the com- tion of a great principle. Not one man in a hun-what, then, has produced in the maids and hearts mand of the and that the movement There is another point of constitutional duty upon dred cared for the Abolitionists, or their writings,I thewhat I certainly do not feel, any eagerness or any sakeof a blow at a handlul of' fanatics. strikingpletWe as Stales, lies bevond its sphere. might justwell assume the and the right to abolish civil duty— crusaders,which the South with a show ofcomplains, — justice, or their doingsman was interested inthe revdludon of sentiment which we now per- eraticn of the great body of the people in the of the conduct of the Northern States mean sseing to it that the great rights and liberties of tbe Russian Empire. If the people of the Northhad the profound sympathy and active coop-;everyabuses inAustria,or to tbe serfs of emancipatecirculation France had pradnced on the alongthepression Gov. WisB was thus making upon thesuIEcient accuracy and impaitiality when I say Kouihem mind. The Abolitionists in the North willingness to engage personally in the work of And the natural result of the course pursued wasthat is due (I) fo M< diuct aeiion of the Abotiiion- improved the opportunity. They seized upon the returning to bondage any slave who may have es- to rally the whole country to the support of great—andaffected palitujil parties at the Morlh, and (3) to crime, upon a conspicuous theatre and under pe- any person. North or South, with the ordinary in- thus indirectly to uphold men and movements forvery and even il it to bebuibas coDtiderably inereaaed oa otbera, 'O aa to give a general increase of fire p*r cant, oa all thaimpulse,OBASCAL OBOWTB XSD PBOOBISS Or ABOLITIOXISK' blood. Parti.>an Presses, eager to make political respectable object in the eyes of God sad man." deiiionstrate that the Abolitionists and the .\nti- have no ccncern, by trampling upon the rights of moutb. via Riehnumd, StaantonaadCovlagtos, u> thathat itwhich Slaver) must speedily be extinguished intion.coiisideiatc men ol the Southern States will not — understand and make all due allowance for suchSlavery —have lived and flourished mainly and, indeed, ex- wrong than the evil it seeks ta destroy. [.Ap- mtlrs areand I have heard it said that Mr. Clat once declared that no gentleman wcuid ever lift a linger to send— countryconnectedwithowningSlavery.and they have a right to ask, that we shall nat addpartlyIs guarded, and the interpretation put upon it by the Supreme Court relieves the Northern States,Texas was to be annexed, not cOQtentwithmakingthat theythere must he a just and equal balance of power iuTeaas such, of all activein the enforce-the government, an equal distributionna-sequence of any law or regulation therein, be dis- charged from sucli service or labor, but shall beand the the and thethere Is some Ida* of th*|n Oceinla, aiodifylng a*^bedelivered up on claim party which such issue thus made on their owngrrrests,gasizalpcssesshns part workL,'that Mr. Wibsteb and other eminent held juriststhat thiswhen once disturbed.sadthe sacood.'KawCaledoniaaadIta dependencies.the slaves of 'Virginia. [Applause.} They eral of the States have passed what they style per-ia extent li^ the cities and to viu la—but a practical con-statute-book, to the return preventtheirenergymexureK of lenstfa, Is t» h*each session of thathat occasion, and thai waa the year. Sir, when theDemocrats carried the State. [Cheers and laughter.]The same policy is still pursued. The South, with astrange and Inexplicable wrong.headt;dness, seemsto think that its only safet) is in constani agita-an obligationthe Staiet to law for delivering up all fugitives thatimposedu^ionofficers for tho aticeoftheduty. ButtheSupremeCourthaade-tiveappointfbow bottles ia ctiemlats windows were bunttna.—eral Govemment that the States havewhatever to do with and that their it,f?tates, and created so profonnd a di...(j\iietudepolicyice,Hast hie become an onerous, anveryreplyfive and it years,claims ais to do nothi.ig.in!|K)s6ible duty spirit tami^riDgnaturallyproportionate in the affairs of theThe lovera of in skating7It would seem so from many of their acts. Sev-they'llpartiespartrecurringing to embairass and ,>racticaUy defeat the opera- tion cf the law of Congress npon this snbject. Acause it is in itself, but because it haa be- be«n seven deaths in as mtny weeks. In rbelteaunjustcc me Involved with the question of Slavery, andhasdrawnsomuchofitsvigorandvitalityfrom diseasehasprevAlledInCsrabrldgetosomeeitent, that quarter, that it is almost merged in tnat issue.The North bases its demand for increased power,in a very great degree, onFederal as an element of danger to the institutions of the Southern Ststes. The South believes, or feare, that the North seekspresentedyear,but at present comparauvely few cases exist. The skeleton of a mammoth was recentlyfugitivein its unwise and headlong course, and is nowr rousingmistook It for a pteco of wood, buta plot* about two le«t loiii! and six Inches »ter at the bsfe. Th* knee-cap i» as large as amaa-Wnesrly every brought upor• "scheme ol Personal Liberty bills is and is all the worse because it is needless. man knows perfectlyliiiinedta^bowascommtttedto awalttkaaaBOBOf th* OnndLegislature, propos-Untitled Documentsponsible has comevery large degreeher and upon the whole;sphere of i^uty, do what he can to bring back the apult ofclusively—uponmaterialbytheplause.]0>LY AN IK'^IDXNT Or TBI CONTBOVXBST.deprivingrights,_ qf the. Legresnlts that these lawswe are forwaiti because soma illustrious They broughtcountryand the causes to in gard for Bontbera rl(ht*. which, my judgment,OnioK Is alnady dtasoWed, and the qaestion we cess of revolution the Blavery agitation became violate the fundamental principle of our institu- obscurity is alraid that lightning will not twice they are mainly due. In looking for a remedy for Now the newnaMBt BMce of. the country cawM«luTetb cinaider is how can it be reeatabliihed ? fliwdoally the pataoiouDt element of oar politics. tions, and launch out into an unknown sea of strike the same spot ; and that, without some spe- them we must not mistake palllathrea for a care. beaeenredupoBnttaiFwUeli ahall ignore fri[Applanae.f BoW can It be restored to its old In IBi8, qpe great section of the Democratie Party wrangling elements and contending interests. The cial display of statesmanship on his part, he stand* If we wish to promote and reestabliah this aeac* realat thia ftmat—8 laiiM>Mt*tWUaim aftha—nmndation r—Host can webrin^ back its fraternal in the North yielding to the pressure of hoattlhy Frdcial Government has nothing more to do with not the ghost of a chance of belng'a second time of the Union we must consult the emergences ct North toward* ita llm Atn ill llijltlm «'apirit, and bieatbe Into it agam the breath of a agataiat the Pro-Blcvery tendendai of the Federal Slavery in any Bouthem State, than with th«bank retomed to the halls of legislation. [Laughter.] the times, the dianged conditioB of the coantry, litjcalpowCT. It«wa)K„bt,commoa aititaalHT and a common American OoveromeDt—apHt off froBi the main body ani^ de- charters in the Bute of New-York. And New- He lays the foundation lor the coming canvaaa, and tbe rooted couviction and settled temper of freedom of ojJtofc—,-, j—••r-a-.;i-in.^-.,r . ^ BfetT {ApplatiaeJ feated iu candidate for the PieaUene^. And in York has no more right to send men into Virginia therefore, while he has bis seat. He enables him- the people. We must not attempt to estsblish ape«:b, or by threitabr**a«*a»t7«a« Inhiaeraitisaninirposes orenUe t&df patriotism Of the Anti-Slavery sentiment of the time, merged the Erie Canal or impose a vro rtta freight bill tbe cause of Freedomifautanf apprabension of danger except .all the Northern States by immense majorities, PBOFBIXTT or LBOISLATIRG AGAHtST BOCB BX- froth the contaminating foot print of the slave- which he asserts that the question really at issue ment—in the leapeet of each Stata fol' (heAhIalabored to pr^ nais letter from a gentleman who is perhaps the aadbiiMi4bdr joaiin^nta and steel thieir sansi- itself in the new organization which swept neariy upon the Central Bailrosd. [Cheere and laughter.] serve the holy soil of his proud and noble State most eminent member of the New-York t»r, -inaad.bafij, ._ basis in the essential joattce ofit* Oeaeral Ooma-and the intereau of emy'Othai—^ a afM» «f toleration and of mntnal regBrd—and in the.MM- vici ion that whatever evOa maj.exiat iipiV(-,«Br_^n taoBaiHate intereats, are quits certainJoBN C. Fbxuoki toMr. Bi'ulixB in the Senate of the United States,nothing that stirred to its proiouodestTheStatessrathusreleasedfromallactiveagency political inpast compositionsas was questionbe noout the South will election gyman,The answered that he could act laka Mayorasy action In the premises, and tbe skaters are alwat;It ia quite as strong to-day inowned theby city.The Boston Jowmalto a t>revaiHsg greatthe vicinity of Boctoa. In Charleston therevote. " Never fear," said he, giveforward,be conceded. No party can long resist it ; It over-;and both see- rightaangditadonthat their immediate inandandstatute books.theagitation in the Northern States has menaced her of th* North can never be brought, under any cir-preciselytodisruption, but to restore'to it something of tha oMwayTbeLet us aim notafforded themcompletedthenowise and misguided action of the Southern political CBAKACTBB or tbb CBISIS SLAVBBTStates. Whenever the Anti-Slavery excitementhas flagged, and there seemed to be a prospect ofrenewed peace and harmony, the South has fur-nished the material for a fresh crusade, and againlighted the fires which were smouldering and dence viill work out their owndaughter upoawhom he wasand ofnable ground of the national interest, the groat leaderoftheSouth(Mr.Calbock)putit forward as purely and exclusively in the interest of Slaverysettled i;iOO,MOthat measure anact of nationalpolicy,urg-of theexerciseitsdueshareofinfluenceandcontrol. It is always more or less difitcult to preserve theirtoand as intended fortify and perpetuatethat insti- alter thisjust equipoise,largercountry,the more difficulttempeat which swept over the Free tion of the Government for thethe heart ol th.- SoutnIndeed, 1 think I scarcelyyear.'',coal breathlrg gasescaped..tho South forupon politicali>sues and ei- popularquite truth. Now the'{with f wthem excitement jl^i^jgo jyThey shoatarRineHMerthat on the agitationours are pun- forthey itave been at Umea iitfole- rant and exacting In their ddmanda—««W nart—how he a cai The Union find* ita b«*t:how he dared the fierceat and re- ragerighu.mitof each to uphold its own institutiooa and admin- terest bnt that of the oppressed and the down- at the North, he says, the sole question lor re- vated and iocreaaed by ita deatiitAlqn. Let a*fullythisequalityfree, insensible to fear, and regardless of every in- and it it is wrong it must be abolished. Among us present Constitntiaa, vrdafd b^ InflnlUI^ aO!*' **thisry, as tt exists in the Southern States, rig A< or isit ycroTig ? If it is right It must be maintained ;shou'.dready shronkfromineencounter,whohadscruplesabout headds, ourUnioncannotendureanditought andaimsofpracticalmen,aeeUngpra^t>q|tIf it is,"to resist, and, so far as possible, suppress any the Constitution, and could not raise themselves to not to endure." This is certainly the most explicit results, rather than the appearance of tletorf;attempthis sublime height of indifference, to the peacestatement of the doctrine of an "irrepressible con-tha self another Winter of dignity and renown In the marked that while the profession ot the law is ad- men of the South, and whk:n ia cant8>t.U> ha against any nation with which we are at peace. councils of the State. The whole thing is mirably adapted to sharpen and invigorate the in- contemptible itself for tlia sake of nuking otiwraout,uponanybe, is Negro Slavery unjust 1" •perpetuatepeaceonly express the hope that he may live a little longer, in order to become a great deal wiser.dently expects to convince the people of the North- ern States that the system of Slavery, as it exists in the Southern States, is essentially and inherent-whose prosperity we are botuid to promota^ whose institutions we an bound to cherish, whiwe any county of any Northern State upon that point. unity and integrity we ue bound to defend taiTbe convictions of the Northern are settled peopleHENT ABO KAKIBO BBW ISSUES rOB TBI NOBTB.Now, fellow-citizens, I have dwelt thus far upon tionists, that the mere act of holding a slave is indeparturesfirmly and steadily to the anchorage of the Consti-ment. A law toIf the danger had been met with the calmness be enacted. It ought to be tendered by the North in regard to the South and its institutions. I am exists in the Southern Stares, is utterly unjust. to the prejudices and opinions of others, for thaCODNTRT.How what are the causes of this vast, sad of cool courage, with the self-possession which to the whole countryto their opinions, not adopt their opbiioos topandar.punishsuch offences onght to North from thepathsofprudenceandlieve profoundly that the system of Slavery, as itThis sentiment is one which, as Mr. Webstbb said sake of reaching offitx. Wliat is office thuaand I can think of nothing which would m'^re effectually silence the misrep- resentations of Northern sentiment, and remove from the Bouthem mind the fear and- dread ofbound, in to own convictions of the justice mytroth, to atid that the South has made herself re-partof justice,at this lateto stake the preservation of the American patriotic action.Ipreparedthe Union may stillgrounduponit,asbyways,no means follows, as Mr. O'CoiiUB holds it does, Ugh roads takeittocetber.nine-tenlhs of them all beyondquestion do,ther rnment in regard to Slavery and tho just and-an. evil with which we road. Acrws tbe east and west from PiXts- State,I couldmen and the Republicans of the North those who alone arc retponeible for it, is a greater mouth ol tbe Big Ssndy, on Ihe Ohio River, ttie rait-tory of the past twenty years.Ibelieveany attempttoextirpatewife, but her father resolutely refused, sad eventuallv she the natural courre of events. In every coanti7 waiii/doeed to niirry a rich Dutch merchaat. Uooaoa her. ing it upon the country upon the high and impreg- tional forces. Each section and each interest must ago eloped wllh her former admirer, the par^oa.morevaried itsat intfion of the ia Oat of ih* jand to di^8olve the Ut.ion if the; seej. only its own peril in the controversy. South- en rmUe (or Italy, 82,000 ounces of silk worms coUeat^ „by threateningern men accordiogly threaten to repudiate DucoLABhe in nondnated at Charleston, and to secedeaiii all to brirtg their section ofthe Union intooil theirwith their schemes.its due proportion of powor"President attemptto use theof the occurred at the power Govern- A fiwco encounterii;( nt to in enforce or abolish Slaveryachievein the Federal Government, it will not tolerate itspower.The SouthfromNew-Totk,remedyinI believe I state only what is generally conceded to be a fact, when I say that the growth of the Northern States in inaadapgregate population«8U have influeiiccdment far more than the ern States. 'Without goingesiabrishfact,Mr. and tin. Sawyer, of HaverhUl, Ka**,^sufiicient to show itsNorthhasmaderapidadvanceswithin/thelast ImpregnatedwithtBegaswhichth*ybadbreathed.thnaA millionaire in Kent, (Eng.,) and a large laad-bsd aoperated by connected roads.compatfeaowner,won by the curate of tbe parish In which she reddad.her marriage her ladyIt is stated, says the that owing to tha Pays,fatherwas married alrf)ut four }ears, aad a few week*would compris* Tahiti, the Marqoesai and'Aetghbor-kg Ulsnds;;have re- the maaner la whick the lce.ruttera on tbe Schulktll Interfere with tbelrstates that the• r..;., www.fultonhistory.com 