 mrritTT I> H*Wj i i nTTP*H.A1 T)Perugiacriesou*fto« theground,orrictvw.CORNS*OPFTITOM AS*KARSAVSTS.V AI WAVlV muM\I*~L4XJ'R VMeetingTo-night.aowiDom BKHNKTT) KDTTOB AND PBOWUKTOB-lost. Thenatter wasreferred to the Fire Depart-Best Committee.chaw a steam i r e engine for Engine Company No. 42. An appropriation of $7,000 was made for the completion of the Inmate' Home.A reply to theletter of Mr.Richard Lathers to B e v y tionrdin, Esq., and other prominent citizens ofSouthCarolinaonthesecessionmovement,hasthose crises has been reached which character- ize the progress of all nations, marking the different stages of their growth. English his- tory, from the days of Alfred, abounds in them. They recur under Henry IL,John, Henry Tin., Charles I., James II.;and the Reform straggle, withinthememoryofourown generation,Isanationalities.tial proof «f American sympathy.THE OitajCLf ©r MB. LIKCOKN I TwBowery.—BMUMse * Boo**'*placed Napoleon III.upon the throne.A meeting of the New York Universalist Mis- history presents a kakaljjjfpic succession ofcommentariesviews of this great revolutionary crisis andthepolicy of his administration.formed that while Mr. Lincoln denounces the violent course of theChicago Democrat towards the South, " h e stands firmly a n d immovably upon the platform of the republican party;" that "he will do his duty fearlessly in any emergency that may arise," bnt with a con- stantregardto Staterights; that "John Bell's last letter does not improve his chances of being offered a seat in the Cabinet;" that " peaceable secession is a n absolute impossi- bility;" a n d that, in regard to certain "out- ragesperpetratedbySouthernmobsupon quiet, conservative, unoffending merchants ofj St. Louis and Chicago," Mr.Lincoln " took no j pains to conceal his indignation at these arbi- trary and altogether groundless persecutions, which reveal a despotism worse than even prac- tised in Russia."This is the latest information of the views and purposes of Mr.Lincoln inregard toEurope.The Ioadon TYav* publishes full details of the ecpedi- tionoftheBulldogandFoxforascertainingthefeasibility this crisis that w e have obtained; a n d of the projected North Atlantic TsJegrdph. The reautosttn* pf"-t t»>morrow for Liverpool.1 TU•Luropean mail* v*ill cloe in thi-s city to-morrow vance of the United States mail.though we believe, it to be reliable, it still are pronounced highly satisfactory aad aaoanraglag.morning at a qu&ter to ten o'clock.Thf r'rRor'KvN EMTIO* or THK HKXALD will be publishedThe LoadOB Timet b a s another editorial o a the political split in the United States, and expresses the hope that the quarrel may give way te a calm, la which the real difficulties oftheslaveryquesttoomaybemetandquietly answered.The steamship Prince Albert, from New York, via 8t. Johns, N. F., arrived at Galway on the Sth inst.The steamship North American, from Quebec, arrived at I Londonderry on the Sth.The steamship Kangaroo, from New York, arrived at Queenatown on the Sth inst.them together. Owing to the prevalence of small- pox at Columbia, the Convention adjourned to Charleston, where it will resume its labors this afternoon. Governor Pickens, the newly electedCoventor,wasinaugurated yesterday,andinhis address expressed stroug secession sentiments.Thetrouble attheNewYorkUniversityMedi-cal College, in Fourteenth street, continued yes-terday,aawillbeseenbyourreportinanothercolumn. Professor Draper has resigned in con-xeoueoc' of the difficulty, but the faculty haverefused te accept his resignation. A preparatory hended in the present critical condition of ourhad initiated, and carried out several expected seceding States to his administration. importantrefosme,batwasafterwardsper- OtherwiseInsadministrationwillbringabout suaded by wicked advisers, like AntoneUi and the fulfilment of Mr. Seward's predicted mil-FRANCE. MarshalVaiBanthasbeencreatedMinisteroftheEm-peror'shousehold.It is stated that se one WHS aware of MM Emperor Hpurposerestatingthedecreerelativetotheoonsitatio* till be revealed the dorr.meat to his aetoonded Ministers incouncil,whereMmetwithsomeoppoxiUon.Apprehensions of a meaetarv crisis in Paris Bad subaid cd. TheBankofFrancewaslargely gainingspecie.TheBoursewasfirmandhigher.Therentesclosedat 70f_ » cM. Barodta, President of the Council ofState, had beea created Minister, with—t a portfolio.Count Persigsy had presented letters of recall to the Eaglish Court, and returned to Parte.meeting of the friends of the faculty was held lastevening to sustain I>r.Draper's course, and an- most discouraging with respoct to our futuremartyrs in the cause of abolitionism. They trate attitude is not owing to any inherent awed the Roman liberals, and the prisons were swto to be quite envious of the reputation ofThe American panic h a s produced some effectin commercial circles that the accession movement sarily alarming, but has become so because no in merely a temporary outbreak of party feeling measures have been taken to provide for ir.would h a w gladly crashed him. The wur tocsin sounded. Franoe came to the aid of Italy. The veterans of Algeria and Sebastopel fought side by side with the Italianwhichwillsoonsubside,causedaslight advance in New York Central and New York and Erie shares, but a corresponding decline in Illinois Central. Further advices from America were anxiously awaited. The following table will show the change in the three leading American railroad securities between the1st and7thinst.:—MR. BUCHASAN VERSCS MR. Lrxaoio.".—Cheva- lierWebbdonoawees Mr.Buchananas"atrai- tor;" Philosopher Greeley pronounces him "aTheOoLsultaGeneralshadopenedatNaples. Thego vernmeat espavnat.toas to the Consults produced a goodNew York Central shares New York and Erie sharesDec. 7. a 80save the country from the consequences of the mistake they have made. Mr. LincolnGreeley to- say touching the do nothing and say nothing policy of the President elect at this crisis? Hisvoice just ra»w inbehalf »feventualities-of an energetic- defence.There were rumors of increasing Uisunectiouary movemeets in Abnossi. TJnimportaatdemonstrationsisHaptasaadelsewhere-llluxi* Central shares IllinoisCentralandNewYorkandEriewerees-pecially in demand.The Persia, from Liverpool on the 7th inst., anddnehereonWednesdayorThursdaynext, hasa million dollars in gold on board; and the Etna and Atlantic—the latter now fully dne at this port- have about half a million more, making, with thatenjoysanunparalleleddegreeofprosperity,and presentativeofanobsolete idea,butPresident umphsverthewallsofMilan.The siegeThe Count of Syracuse died suddenly on the 4th instantofapoplexy.ercisetheirrespectivefunctions,andtoshield their constituents from the troubles which are inseparable from the mutations of time, the in- stability of men's minds, and the fallibility of humaninstitutions. Politicalstormswerelittle feared, because theship of State wasknown to be staunch and strong, and to be guided by skilful pilots.classedhereafterwith Washingtonand Jeffer- son, and perhaps to occupy a higher place in history than either.THE POWER A N D T H E RESPONSIBILITY WITH THE REPCBUCAX PARTY.—Perhaps before the end of January the withdrawal of the members homeward from four or five seceding South- ern States will leave the republican party in both houses of Congress in a majority. From present appearances there is no prospect of any satisfactory compromise from Congress in the interval; so that the whole responsibility in this work of reconciliation or coercion in Con-gresswill,inallprobability, be thrownthe republican party. A n d what is the pros- pect, looking to this party for relief? Mr. Senator Hale h a s spoken, a n d says that dis- union means civil war; Mr. Lincoln, President elect, it appears, entertains the same idea; and Mr. Wade, of Ohio, yesterday, in the Senate, threw out very little encouragement in behalfof concessions to slavery for the sake of thein vindicating a constitutional l a w o f Congress,THE PRINCIPALITIES.Fears were entertained of a general rising i» Initioo fGaetaw a sprogressingfavorably.The work of this great manhasnot yet beenM.deSaligny,theFrenchenvoy,left VeraCruz forthe capital on the4thinst. Gen. Degollado hasissued anaddress tothearmy,inwhichhe protests against his dismissal, and promises7834% a 36^stead of the general good of the nation. Therecord; the Austrians-were driven out of L om -We areinreceipt of files ofVera Cruz papers tothe 7th inst. There is very little news. It is saidthat in consequence of the outrage on the BritishLegation, Robles has resigned as President adinterim, and that his example has been followed state of things has slowly but surely changed. by Senors Lares and Sagaceta, tw o of Miramou'sMinisters, and by several superior army officers.It is further asserted that Miramon's two brothershave received ten thousand dollars of the stolenmoney, andMarquez twentythousand, asanin*demnity for the loss of his baggage at Tepatitlau. that place has become the invariable prey ofre-indicted parties come up for trial.NWLO'S CAKDKV—Last night Mr. Forsest commenced the fourteenth week of his enpagenxut, and played " Kit-hiird TTI." to a very Urge and, as usual, exceedingly enthusiastic audience. Mr. Forrest's coaception of theTbeArchbishopand President of theCounotihadbeam arrested at Jessy.INDIA.The Bombay mail of November 10 had arrived.Ihe new? was generally anticipated.The Boardcoacurredto purAMUSEMENTSTHIS EVBNIKO.HtaLo-a OABDBN, sroadway Levus M LioamsoiAss been received from those gentlemen. We have noted instance of peaceful revolution in con-CAIIBiLW DmTM T6 TLalT mX%l •Vnwai««iM_H««n At1MBOWA*. bow furnished with a copy of the correspondence, formity to a great national necessity. France WINTER OARDEN. Broadway, oppoalu Bead street- but the late hour at which it wasreceived last has witnessed many similar epochs, from theOTUMLXA.SOWRBT THEATRE, EnvmsWAM Tsoera.evening precludes its publication in our columns this morning.coronation of Pepin to the struggle which memorable public demonstrations ever made inthis city.And in this connection we arereminded ofaa^aawa^—j^^awnwm**DEATHOFTHE O0U¥TOFSTBACTXtt.WearcindebtedtoAdams'KxpramiCompany for New Orleans papers of the ;|MKinst., in ad-According to the City Inspector's report, there were 372 deaths in this city during the past week, at a no << clock in th<* morning. Single copies, in Wrap- an increase of 3-4 as compare* with the mortality to .--. .- \. rents. of the week previous, and ttSf less than occurredThe c..utenu of the Eraoww EMTIOX OF THK HKBALD during the corresponding warn last year. The re- no lenger, in fact, any distinctive sets of prin- w"l combine the news received by mail and telegraph at capitulation table gives 3 s m k of diseases ofthe ciples which divide the country into separateIU- oft! •• during the previous wei-k, and up to the hour oi pt'b,'fat:->n.bones, joints, A c , 76 of thetiBn and nerves, 7 of the generative organs, 11 a f i B t heart and blood vessels, 131 of the lummypffiat, A c , 10 of old age, 33 o f skin and eruptive fevers, 8 premature births,organizations. What still appear to be party lines are but the skeletons of the past—the rattling of bones and fossils, through an in-meeting to-night), Thomas H. Benton, Wash- ington Hunt, William H. Seward, Reverdy Johnson, and many other distinguished men. The speakers were Messrs. Benjamin F . Butler, Theodore Sedgwick, Josephs. Beeworth, Sam- uel J. Tilden, James W . Gerard, Dwdley Selden, RobertKelly,David Dudley FieEfl, FelixFo- restiandJamesW.White. Themeetingwas one of the most enthusiastic and spirited as- semblages ever held in this city, and thousands of Protestant voices hailed the sovereign Pon- tiffasthepioneerofanewera,thedawnofa newday,"notonlyforItaly,butforuniversal man." Mr.Fk'ld predicted that if the people oftheRoman States were sovereignandtrue to themsefves, their own virtues and tho sym- pathy of Europe would "prove an overmatch for the menaces of Austria and the craft of the Bourbons."Looking at the present aspect* of Italian* po-ties of this crisis. Mr. Lincoln sticks immova- bly to the Chicago platform and the spirit and essence of that platform are, "nomore stave Territories," and the ultimate suppression of slavery throughout the Union. Mr. Lincoln holds that there is no such thing as peaceable secession,whiehisequivalentto a declaration ofwaragainstusecedingStateorStates.Mr. Lincoln, at Springfield, takes no paius to con- ceal his indignation against certain outrages of Southern mobs upon unoffending Northern men, fromwhichitamybeinferred thatMr.Lin- coln, at Washington, will look after these Southern mobs.The Bfrwa.The -ece**i«n excitement received another im- 48 of diseases of the stomach, bowels and other terested press, or the crackling of the skin\>•.:-*yesterdaybytheInflammatoryspeechofMr. Wade in the Senate. Mr. Wade asserted, in the ruurx- of his remarks that the North, intended to as»t.me a protectorate over Mexico and Central America, and then colonize them with free blacks. Mr. Wade scouted all attempts atcompromise,and declaredthattherepublicanshadnonetooffer. Thespeechcreatedmuchsensation amongSouth- erner, and Western democrats, and is well calculatedtoprecipitateevents. WhilstMr.Wade was indulging in his incendiarism in the Senate chamber, matters in the House were" assuming a more conciliatory aspect. A resolution declaringI'er.-onal Liberty bills unconstitutional was adopted by a large majority, as wasal.se one declaring thatdigestiveorgans,39ofgeneralfevers,4ofdiseases aroundthem,asit driesup intheheatofthe oftheurinaryorgans,andIunknown,ofwhich22 presentcontest. ItisatimewhenallotherThe steamship Bremen, from Co* es on the Sth iost.N e wY ork,arriveda t' n o cause existed for dissolution.The Secession Convention ofSouth Carolinaas- receipt of the foreign news the market becamesembled yesterday at Columbia. Beyond com- firmer, with sain of 8,000 a 9,000 bbls.,closing at a alight improvement for inside brands.opportunity as may give to Mr. Lincoln— ifhewillcastoffthesloughofpastre- collections,andmeetboldly the question which is proposed to him—a place in thewould seem te have been misplaced. The truth Mr. Cot win, of the Crisis Committee of Congress,Npletingtheorganizationofthebody,nothingwasdonelaregardtothesubjectwhichcalled wasmoreactive,withsalesofWesternmixed,instore,was,however,thatthefriendsofprogresshad iswillingtogofortheUnion,theremaybe everyreasontobelieveinPiusIX. He suchathingasthefinalsubmissionevenofthe firm,wereaJseinditBreHieg.were from violent causes. The nativity table gives 241 natives of the United States, 14 of England, 76 of Ireland, 30 of Germany, 4 of Scotland, and the balance of various foreign countries.The character of the foreign news, with the announce- mentofspeciebeingonitswaytothiscountry,acon- siderable portion of which was said to be intended for thepurchaseofcotton,impartedgreaterfirmnessandac- tivity to this article yesterday, and prices advanced from I4C. a \c. per pound. We now quote middling uplands at 10;.e. per lb ., which exhibits an improvement from the lowest prices since the panic (say from 9%c. a IO3C.) of }ic. per lb., or about $2 87 per bale. Flour wag dull at the opening, but after theconsiderations are merged in thecommon wantof a great man—a man of the time—who shallresolve the political problem which mustspeedilybesolved—howandinwhatmannerthecrisis which hasarrived isto be safelypassed over, and the institutions of the coun-tryestablished upon abasis whichshallgivethem fresh vigor and stability. A Washington,a Jefferson, a Madison, or even a Monroe orJackson, could they reappear iu the politicalarena, would now have an unparalleled Oppor-tunity of renewing their laurels, and acquiringthe gratitude of the country. It is such an litics, this glorification of the Holy Father the Chicago platform, and go even as far asFINANCIAL "AFFAIBS.The funds on the 5th continued buoyant: consols ad-vanced '«'o.. but the advance was partially lost before the cloee.FinancialadvicesfromNewYorkwereanxiously watchedfor. ThosebythePrinceAlbertwerecontra- dictory, and produced butalight effect.The discount market was moderately active, aad theWheat was tolerably firm, while sales were light. Corn at 62c. a 63,^0.; 63c a 64c., afloat, and 68c. for roundNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1& 186fc-T-of our forefathers, are not to be governed mHiJ fightsinCLAthamandBroad tftneta, occasionedan|excitillg delate,andamotiontoconcur with the by the rules which were prudent „Bft(tMfJ»eAldermen, mho refused to ratify the decision, wa* three-quarters of a century since. Cms ofGarihut'tl k ad<-r, The blood shed ty the Popel merce-.naries at ThecitizensofNewYork,withoutdistinction and Venetiapants under the Awtrian yoke.ofparty,creedornationality,areinvitedIffas- Garibaldi is the sole hope of sheoppressedWUXiCrsTHEATRE,Broadway-ToMASS*ORNOTsionarySocietyofthiscitywasheldlastevening, changesconsequentuponthevaryingnatureof apopulargatheringwhichtookplacehereo H a i t - A R A O I H A WIDOW.LAC*A KRENE'S THEATRE, No. aft Broadway—W e are thus in-KEW BOWERY THEATRE, Bowery Htsss, t « Htm- proceedings. Addresses were delivered by the management which ever measures the present ment of the Papal States. O n the 29thTiK—aU«iAG Lovaa.Rev. Dm.Sawyer, Ballon and Chapin.A communication was sent in to the Board ofby the past, and afford sad examples of na-tionalof November, 1847, the people of New York assembled at the Broadway Tabernacle "to express their sympathy with Pope Pius IX.BARNt'M'8 AMERICAN MCSHCM, Broadway-Day andFining.—TM SSAor tea—ArracCauses*-—Cmn Cuai- Aldermen by Judge Moncrief, of the Superiordisaster hastened b y the imbecility of Theannalsofancient Rome aredivi-rulers.BRYANTS1 MINSTRELS, Hall. 47J Bread- adjourn the business of his court from lack of suit- ded into different periods of national greatness, and with Italy." Appended to the call forOMTIt*,4C. Court,declaringthathe hadbeen compelled to n ; -UutUNtti, H"o»«o*a.. DA.ic«a. **—RIC*A*» HI.ich of which was inaugurated by some new that meeting we find the names of the ItalianHOOLEY A CAMPBELL'S MINSTRELS. Nttto'vSalooe, Broadway.—KnuoriAji Soxes, DASCKS, Bt'xuuaoKS, *c.— DIXIEV LAJU>.CANTERBURY MUSIC HALL,165Broadway.—BONOS, DAjtoia,BvetssacM,Ac.able accommodation, and that he now awaited the action of the Board in the matter.The case of Hans Olson and John Wilson, chargedwithhavingservedasmatesonboardthe allegedslavebarkCora,cameupyesterdaybeforeape of existence rendered indispensable byigencies of the times. So it is and everSoithasbeenwithintheeighty yearspatriots Foresti and Avezzana, and of several other gentlemen w h o have been instrumental ingettingupthemeetingofto-night Thecall invitedthecitizensofNewYorktouniteinaopenedfire00theplace.The London CkrtmicU says that Parlianaeat will ssest foa the fith af Fsbroarr.A deputation, whieh includes two members of Parlia-ment, has been appointed to convey aa inviuttoo to Garibaldi to visit England.The Empress Eugenie paid a briaf visit to Quaea Vic- toria, at Windsor Castle, on the 4th. The visa oahr tasted two hours.MRLODEON, No. 4» Broadway.—Soxes, DAKCM, BUB- Commissioner Morell. After the examination several witnesses, further proceedings wereNew York, Tuesday, December 18,18*0. jonrued until Wednesday.John Dnggan, whowas indicted for the homi-theUnionhasendured,andtheconvul-which now menaces its integrity of- "public expression of the earnest sympathyM A I L S\r\v^ .4%l~hc C iasrd mail-teamsh p AMa. Capt. Ij^tt, will leavecide of his wife, was acquitted yesterday ,Jn thefers but a new proof that increase of na- tional as well as individual stature necessi- tates a change in the garments in whichwith which the American people regard the enlightened policy and liberal measures of Pope Pius IX.. and the efforts of the Italian people for national independence and constitu- tional freedom." The Mayor of the city, Mr. William V . Brady, presided over the meeting. An addresstothePope wasreadbyHorace Greeley. Cordial letters were received from Messrs. Edward Everett, Martin V an Buren, George M. Dallas, Daniel S. Dickinson, James Buchanan, Albert Gallatin, Rufus Cboute,F O BYork. Herald—Edition for for murder will take place to-morrow h u p same dark and fraught with disaster, under suchE U R O P E .The futurecircumstances, when it is weakly governed b y thosewhoaredestituteofthestatecraftwhich the period calls on them to exercise.Court of Oyer and Terminer. Three ajBjf trialsit is clothed.of apeople isonlyyellow.Porkwasdull,withlimitedsales,at$16012% foremostrankofthosepatriotsandpublicbene-for old mess,newdo. $16,and prime at $10a$10SO.Sugars were in moderate request and prices unchanged.Coffeewasquietandsaleslimited. Freightsweresteady,with a fair amount of engagements for English ports, at emergency, and display the needful characterratesgiveniuanotherplace.and decision to meet it,hewill notoalybe enabled to dissipate the storm which is raging, butdisperseeverycloudthatovershadowsthe future. Pigmy hands hare bound the nation,Aftertheunsuccessful attempts of 1848,the sun of Italian liberty seemed to have set for- ever.TheAustriancohortsheldundisputed possession o f the Lombando-Venetian provinces,toexist;fo»theywill beoutside of Mr.Lin- coln's Union, in a Union to themselves.MOREWoeia>BKMARTTRS.—Itmamusingto .-<•«• the efforts which WendeH Phillips andThe Crisis of the louatiy-Thf Remedy InMr.Lincoln.The danger which iB most of all to be appre-of corresponding calibre, who have usurped advocated a few weeks ago,and took tohim toGeneral Benedek had inspected the Austrian fortresses the old classic land. After one of the most best endaamor-s in behalf of the Union, what of the Venetian quadrilateral. He had also "assembledplace for the benefit of cliques and parties in-memorable campaigns-that the pages of historyhave the Chevalier Webb aad Philosopher the officers at Veaite, and told them to- prepare for theworthyof its fame andunfittedtocontrolits destinies. Fifty years ago individuals did not dare to aspire to positions of confidence in the gift of the people excepting upon some real orHehasbuttocon-ItgavenewlifetotheItalian liberals,anden- cousaged the people of Naples and Rsme toWithin a quarter of a century this happyParty lines have been gradually drawn away from national to individual concerns, and the elective franchise has been prostituted to fill public offices with tricksters and managers, soAt Bombay business was suspended in aoasequence af be weeks, the General will again take the field, " crook backed tyrant" differs somewhat from that which the bazaar dealers having combined to suspend all puruponment experienced by the Prince of Wales in his the Presidency of the United States are last don its principles to save the Union peaceably;recent t o w through the United States. The Queen and most striking proofs of the truth of this as- nor will they permit the dissolution of the Unionhighly appreciates the kindness and courtesy sertion. Without any reference to personal What, then? Must w e prepare for a orvil warmetropolis, which holds,, as not the least of its honorable souvenirs, that it has been the resi- deaeeofGaribaldi,iscalledupontospeakto- night,andtoexpresstheuniversalfeelingofthe popularheart,whichbeatsaseverforItalyandand will gratify even those respectable persons who ad' heretotheoldtraditionssimply,becausetheyareekt The play was well mounted and fairly acted throughout. ItwillberepeatedonWednesdaynight.WAiiJkcx's THEATRE.—Mrs. Inchbald's almost forgotten comedy,>ToMarryorNottoMarry,"wasrevivedhere •est night, and had a distinct, indeed, almost miraculousCalcutta dates are to November 9. exchange on '*» don2s.Id. FreighttoLondon46s.aSSs.perton.«_—^— ,COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LIVEBTOOL COTTON SkAJULKT.Ijvsaroot,Deo.S^lpao Tbesalesofcottoninthismarketforthethneedays ending yesterday (Wednesday) foot op l»,00Obales, af which 2,500 were taken by saeealators aud •Aif*ters.themostvenaljobberor cunningandsuccess-fulintriguer. Notonlyin ourlargecitiesanduponourlinesofcommunication,butinthena-tional and State capitals, moneyed interests havesuccessivelyoutbidden each other for power,until the very existence of great m en and pureminds has become frayed out of political life.her MajestyQueenVictoriarelative tothf treat- Thenominationandelectionof Mr.Lincolnto Union. Therepublican partywill not abanthe Italians.O u r o w n Revolutionary troublessoon to expose the machinations enemies, and make his innocence appear.of hiswere mild compared to the pressure ofthe success. Mr.Wallack hascondensedthiscomedy into ThemarketIsgenerallyuncharges,andclosed!dulLdespot's yoke upon the necks of the Italians ofLord Lyons has communicated to the Depart- ment of State the expression of the feelings ofVeniceglad to hare an opportunity of aiding, as in 1847, in the efforts of the Italian people for national independence a n d constitutional freedom. The cause is the same, and a truemannowleads thevan;soweshallhaveto- night a great meeting, eloquent speeches andthree acts, and its rwrforaance occupies only two hoursthe proper limit for light pieces according to the publictaste of the present day. The play itself isone of thocleverestoftheoldschool,andwascapitallyacted.Mrs.Hoey, Miss Gannon, Miss F. Morant, Messrs. Blake, War< ot and Lester Wallack played with so much spirit as to h Co. report beyers of hrihaUaPa demasamg a reduce*.shown him b y our citizens, and expresses the moatmerits or demerits, no individual so obscure That is now the most important question be- could, in more halcyon days, or in a healthy fore us.state of the confederation, have been broughtforward for an office aoresponsible as the Chiefmake the entemUe quite perfect. In response to a hearty callMr.l*sterWallackmadetheusualannouncement that the piece would be performed every Bight till fur- ther notice.»•locAvss n New YORK.—Theprincipal members of the 7/mave.theatrical company whichperformed inthecamp beforeSevastopol,aadsincereceivedcongetovisitLoo donandNowYork,havearrivedhere,aadattractedaour esteemed fellow citizen, Mr. John Ander- great deal of attention in Broadway yesterday, tt isn coawequeace of heavy arrivals from America. FVaf11and easier, bat aaoiaiisar unrranged- Wheat test- doll i~— ,-•. ._s^ demaaOSTsslightdachas ingdownward,butwithmoredemaad,atsslightdacuawoa theinferior qsai***; r*/*, 10s.fid.a 12s.fid , vase. 12s. s 13s. Sd. Cora daa.ar A fid. a Si. lower; miaedaa* yellow, ST*.UVKftTOOL r ROVIBIOX aURKCT.Tbesame rinabws rrport beef dull,porkd*U.baomsteady, lard firm at Tftr , m retail; toBew dull si SOs. uviarrK>LraovecaMARKET.Rosindallitaa.*,*£.54.f0r common. Spirt*turpja tme dull at 33a. 8*g«r quiet. Ocflee steady. Riceows*- Pot ashes qwietav29a; pearls quiet at W». Sd-LONDON MARCRT.araadfitaai ««uu, with a dseuaiag tendency. Rug*quiet. Cotbajftrm. Tea dull sad easier, butp»ices cheated, RA*rc.eduiUi. Tafltloewsteady1atSSs.profoundence is given elsewhere.T h ecorrespond-senseo fobligation.IntheBoardofAldermenlastevening AldermanCornell presented the bill of costs for the Japanesereception,giving theitems. Owingtotherepre- Magistracyofthirtymillionsofpeople.DISUNION- AXDRECONSTRUCTION.—Grantedthatcauseneedsreduced to 110,000 by the committee; and BOW, wehaveaOtheitems,itUstillfurtherre- to $83,832 73—a difference of more thai twenty-two thousand dollars. T h e particulars wttl be fomaiivur report of the proceedings ofIntheBoardof CouncilmenlasteveningaMSO- ration wasadopted directing the Comptroller to drawhiswarrantJar$10,000topaythesalariesofwhich is upon us, is easily told. In the natu-ralcourseofeventstheconstitution of1767anceofthisuniqueeorpt dnmttiqttc at NiWo'sGarden. theFescap.adistiaguishingmarkofthearmoltheser-the members of the Common Council.The reportIEngine Companies Not. 13and11,for engaging itthemostfabulousfantasiesoftheimaginationB tothehopeofreconstruction.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The consequence of this deteriorated state of thecountry,andofsuchanInferior represen-meat,thequestion of encouragement stillre curs: cannot the Union, even after its dissolu-sentations of the Japanese Committee, the Comp-trollerplaced1105,000inthetaxlistforthe-Uqroi-dationof.this bill. The amountWAS afterwards tation of parties,Inview of the great crisis tion, be restored? It maybe, provided matstatedthatarrangementareinprogressfortheappearItalianthe affairs of that peninsula. The throes and thirteen years ago, in aid of the effortsat the EST.Dr. Chapin'a church, in Broadway.The audience, though not very numerous, was hearings which hare convulsed Germany hare which the Holy Father was making to highly attentive, andevinced much interest in the been many of them owing to that pettifogging introduce certain reforms into the govern-Joseph Muw.ini waUted the London streets a for the head of the incoming administration to poor exile, and his friend Garibaldi soughtare craving with a great hunger for the honorsITALY.The siege of Gaeta continued; butithas become too cribbed and narrow for the re-quirementsofthepresent generation, Avast Uniopmaybereconstructeduponan enduringreq'M*1'nation, extending from the Gulf of Mexico toCanada, and from the Atlantic seaboard to thePacificOcean;whose population is over tentimes what it waswhen the landmarks werelaid which still guide us; whose meansbasis; but the first bldcdv act of coercion, w e fear, puts an end to this Union forever, and bringsuponus,perhaps,aruinouswarof hos-SATAITKAB—Steamship Montgomery—Mia chlld,ATBntton,WJWridlnjc. J W H Turner, .tr, Jft Losnos, Dec. .. TM"1 |mi) <brthe Italians—ThrSIX D1T8 LiTEB FB0M EUROPE. w*Ma^A*am0a^ajBj w "> w fARRIVal OFTHEBOHEMIANOFF CAPtMttA Millrwi tad a Half in UnM on tat Way ta AjRrica,It seems thatPresident elect, has found H expedient to hmr#anorgan,andthat a newspaperatSpringfield,Illinois, called Ihe Journal, has been promoted ADtk-ipated Ontbrwik in lMtie> to the high distinction; of his " home organ."Our Springfield correspondent hasbeen givingus some extracts from tills organ, and some <jsemble at the Cooper Institute this evening, "to give expression to the sympathy felt b y the American nation in behalf of the cause of lioerty, for which the Italian people, under the lead of the heroic Garibaldi, have so nobly and successfully struggled." This important meet- ing is called in response to the personal appeal of General Garibaldi, and we* have n o doubt that it will be one of the most enthusiastic andL et us,then, give h'm a substan-Parties, as the representatives of ideas, havebecome within the.last few months entirelyobliterated. In the nation at large there are John A. Dix (who will preside over the can find nothing in it approaching the rrecessi-factors whose names adorn the pages of his-tory. If he will comprehend the magnitude of the Bedini, to retrace his steps and bind the people lenium—to wit, a Union in which Southernof the Papal States in stronger bonds than ever. slavery and the "slavepower" will have ceasedlike Gulliver sleeping, with innumerable cords, the Bourbons seemed firmly fixed on the throne Henry Ward Beecher are making to becomenational affairs, and which upon its face is the to the ground; but it is conscious that its pros- of Naples and Sicily, the French troops over-strength in its adversaries, but to its o w n slothand folly. It requires but small outward aid themselves in favor of constitutional liberty. theosis of that justly hanged individual they battalion to visit Paris fully accoutred, next spring.other meeting will take place to-day for the same ohje< t.The steamship Bohemian, from Liverpool on the *,:b, via Londonderry on the 7th inst., passed Cape rface en i~oute for Portland early on Sunday morn- ing. Her advices are six days later than those re-c m ed by the Europa, but are not important.tionaryepochwhichhaslongbeen foreseenas realityboundbysofewtiesandobligationsas pect. Sardinia wasgoverned byan Italian neitherthepeopleofBoston no«Brooklyn,it upon the English markets; but the idea prevailing inevitable, which should not have been neces- Mr. Lincoln will be. The party whicrFokrvated prince with Italian sympathies, and Austria seems, would, oblige them.filled with the brave men who had declaredpolitical destinies, is that, while the enormousgrowth and increasing necessities of the coun-try afford an abundant explanation of everyfeature of the crisis, not one of the leaders ofourvariouspoliticalpartiespossessestheabilityto meet it. W e are in the midst of a revolu- suming the Chief Magistracy of the Union, was iu little ray of sunshine illumined this bleak pros- for a place on the red roll of martyrs; but getting scarce inthe fortress.to rescue it from its supine condition, a m i it isof martyrdom. On Sunday last both these gen-There neverwasaPresidentwho,upon as- andfoundanasylumuponourownsoil. One tlementriedhard'tocompetewith old Brown thefireofthebeseigershadslackened, Provisionswererender it,reported thatThegarrisonrepliedtothefirefromthebatteriesof Cialdini. Four batteries had rnmnamriil iwinliuui oa the place. Victor Emanuel continued at Palermo.The Owiut of Syracuse died suddenly a t Sias on the 4th. of apoplexyhim to power was a temporary conglomeration of heterogeneous elements, to which h e c a n never oweanyallegiance,because itisirre- concilably divided in itself. Since his elec-ter of a century, and small, petty, plundering buted to raise him to power have-signified theirinterests have invested with power politicians wish for a reversal of the policy which they shout of exultation. There was still hope for the President soon to retire, has-been using hisThisIsbecausecitizensoffarsightedsagacity -true statesmen—have gradually secluded them-selves from public notice within the last quar- tion tens of thousands of those who contri- youth who were yest-arday schoolboys. The lunatic,'' in connection with his official respon- impression. Poerie was elected Vice Paasideat ofthe-Dec. 1.74 a 7631 a 3230 a 31 27 a 28 source of all ourwoes is,that while the country has but to declare that he will not bo there- bardy, and the Italian tricolor waved ite tri-never presented to the world so bright an ex- and father of the whole people, and he willample of greatness, its leading men are un- have the undying merit of having preserved policy by the French Emperor was enormous.Cart the Chevalier Webb or Massa Greeley en- lighten a s upon this point?It was reported that Napoleon had intimated to Franco I. the inutility of further resistance.'Italian exiles, wheresoever dispersed, raised) a sibilities at-this crisis. B u t while-Mr. Buchanan,Consult*, after having refused the post of Minister, with out a portfolio.more is material the Union cannot b e saved from dismember aid. Men, money, arms, clothing, ammunition, thesinewsofwar. AGaribaldifund,ofwhichtileEven with disunion, therefore, patriotism a n dUntitled Document- - r v . edtobarstollytwoTto^m't^rrtfomnaadred thousand pounds 0 ten« - « rgovernments, sections, factionsa n draces.child can then express their sympathy with the Italians, and their admiration for their heroic, faithful, unostentatious and generouswww.fultonhistory.comThe moral effect of this brilliantstrokeof theUnion wouldbeheard. Whyis he silent? wereputdown.theintegrityoftheUnion.sider the necessity of the confederation, Northas well as South, in 1860; to recommend forthe benefit of each those amendments in the one looked to Garibaldi as the Liberator of States Cireuit Court of Northern Ohio has in- negotiations for tbe cessionof Veaetia.received by the Europa last week, nearly or quitetwo millions in specie from England since the 1st affected basis of experience, sagacity and worth. constitution which shall return to each its Italy, and he has proved worthy of public con- dicted: seven persons—oae of them a clergy-Later dates from India had beea received, but w«re unimportant•instant, the principal part of which is doubtless Popular representatives in all stations, from rights; to mark the policy of his administra-intended for the purchase of cotton. the President down to the village constable, tion with the firm and stern purpose of a great reer in Naples, and his retirement t».Caprera,Adeputation,includingtwomembersof Parlia- wereselected,withaviewtotheir fitness toex- andnational man,andhe willdeserve to be plainJosephGaribaldi,farmerandwinegrower,man—for obstructing the Marshal and hisdepwties in their legal efforts to secure-a fugi-tive slave atXenia, andlfor assaultingtheown-ers ef the negro. W e shall see whether the maltreated, and even beheaded, was not credited people of Ohio will assist at this criMcal timement,leftLondononthe4thinstantforOfijpera,to invite Garibaldi to visit England.The political news from Italy is unimportant.havemadehisnameimmortal. SaveWashing- ton, no military chieftain, in ancient or modern history^ can b e named with Garibaldiis that of John Hampden, "NuWa vestigia trorsitm." Rome a n d V enetia a r e Btill under the tyrants heel, and GariUahii has told his brave followers that his absence from them will be only temporary. In a few months, it m ayTbereportthattheEnglishprisonersatPekinha«ibeeahope that their deliverance was at hand.Everyperceime that the Grand' Jury of the UnitedTbe official AustrianJournal contradicts the rumors affidence. His splendid success in Sici^jr, his ca-trenchantneeded.resolutions. The ItalianSomethingand Rome,and weshouldbeketwas armforyarns,bosclothsbadadrebeingtea dency.son,isthetreasurer,istoberaised;andwedisunion be not followed by civil war. With trust that our people win give liberally of TheZouaveswear thespaa) costumeof civilian*.,exoeptforbearance andconciliationtowardsthese- ceding States, they maybe reclaimed, andthetheirabundance. In England the "ShillingGaribaldi fund" progresses famously, and whyshould w e not have a dime subscription forthe same purpose? L et the "Dime Garibaldifund" b e commenced to-night, and collected inallthecities, towns andvillages from Eastport Una,MmAGoldsteinand2Xc'hildren,JHefijE BWtaeuWWofswick,BNewcomb,Mlila*AKUst,Pashmghtw,A*.*• to San Francisco. Every man, woman and pbena,HCarter,and10InthesteerageHonest Abe Lincoln," eventsawarfajwp>aa<waasasaaa<a^>^ajBjajam^aj^*^»a^w^M^^ow»v<» 8ucceanfnlTerminationoftheHorthiaVUntie TategTaphSurvey. a^^A^^/t^W^WWVWWVW*Sr. JOHNS. K. F.. Das. IS, (via SAOKVIUX, Dee. 17.) ?•}ThesteamshipBohemian,fromLiverpoolonTbwrMay, December S,viaLaadoaderiy 7th, pajmil Cape Bar*at four o'clock P. M. to-day (Sunday). aa4 was boarded By tba press yacht.Hf r news is not of an ir a r t ant character.The siege of Gaeta coatiaaed, aad five batteries hadthereon, touchingM r . Lincoln'scomes to us in a second hand, roundabout way. But, taking this information as semi-official, weInaRthisthereisnothing approaching the demands of these revolutionary times. There is no intimation from Springfield, as yet,ofthe shadow of a concession calculated to satisfy the South. But if Mr. Lincoln for himself, or if his home organ in his behalf, can step down fromsupply was adequate to the demand. negotiated &Hfi per cent.The beat bote wereold John Brown, and since the attempted apo-The Emperor had graated permissioatatbe BaitinSnanormu*.—Business at the Bank was moderate. Kagoid was withdrawn en the5th.A ship, withaad, it was supposed £126,000 in gold, had reached the English ehaaoel, bnt bar advices were net laaatod.William Moxan, an extensive contractor, of London,bad suspended. ThomasPiperASen,anoldandextensivebutfdiagThere were vague rumors that Catdmal AntoneUi had TBE Ft?«TivE 8LATE IUAW rx OHIO.—We resigned.Waaachia. Twenty of the principal merchama atCra- accomplished. HeisnoPiusIX.Hismotto billwillbecarriedwattothelettecalienthe jouabadbeenkilledbytbemilitiaduringadisswbance.o» whether the spirit;of the Personal Libertyand the American people will watch his move- is usually accepted!by actors, and approximates the his- chases till tbe authorities paid attention tothc grievance* ments with unabated mteeest. The commercial torical idea. It isa full, broad, well finished portraiture, of the income tax.vice towhich they are attached.AMKKK-A.N sauauaw. Americm railway ascarillai wow1 to aetivetadrate/,ofallkindshadadvancedslightlyL A T W VIA LONDONDHgY.Arrlvaix a a d Departav ARRIVALS.• CCo> BsowSea, L C Tufts, Capttftr Oarr, GMesatalaoha,CCo>lOoolsrw1!lo**h£aaB?a8jlta 13 In the steerage4 So* -a Peeser aadt w o dayslaternews firm*Metbourae,Disturbance*- were imminent from the collection oi the t income tax.STATE OF raaJDCThe advices from Manchester are tavorahSfc The mar1.1VSBPOOI.BBSAOSTOtfTSItSSaU.T.Messrs. Richardson, Spaace k Oa. sad Wakefield.Na*ThereisaaroUtiealnewsof^9**** hfS-ft. ThePersia,tosattto4aarrowforhewJock, hAT*• of the Fire Coauriseioners in ferer of disbanding of communication hare outstripped the the law of self-preservation should bald us allw n a r o o L COTTON MARRATPec,!**»" " ^ lljVUUMOL **»»*<*<**** 