 i-nifitd and etately cast. bers is about to visit tV, is country, perhaps something there may be eight thousand bushels of old co n, one- A circular aacrifice-difh, at out ten inches in diameter, at about tbe year B. C. 19 752. He determines, also, —I)r. AlexanderPrior'Btranslations from the ancisnt may be obtained from him on the mysterious subject. third of which can he bought at fifty centB per busheL had a rim supported by five human figures, standing that thefl<>odoccurred about the year B. C. 9,252. Ho>' ;. |i1f-iI II it—The organic coloring matter found in rocks hasby the advanced scholarship of the yday. Thirty-five the greater number of the artists of the Studios are still been a subject of study of later From the brown vari- enty pounds. He can do the work of a small donkey*.of- revoH'i KT9T; »r>^« sold tl who will better t>>*o the'ijivd'cu thr*e ei'Vi Ihroa';OTE$' whoee <y»a ties to th'iiliIt happened to me, some years since, in the courseof when Sonthey interrupted me with 'Here is Miss through tbe prete. Though thus got up by members really formidable in si^e, being six ioches by four; the soapy: Many reagents act upon it precisely as they do some historical inqmries, to wish for fulb'r ioforroation Cob ridge.' 'Good heavens, I. fancied I knew of a large publishing house, the book was sent to Lon- two smaller tickets are four and a half inbhes'by two; hedgehog, the fore paws being placed under tie beak, upon gutta-percha. Tbe new gum cannot take tho I^^5^2533^^^^^wm• wwswiwwr$iItEW-TORJt DAIMT TRIBCNE, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, I860.4iKBiTT PUBLICATIONS. ment and delight There are Chose among us, it maybe, The name oT" Heuaans" wfll be heartfly welcomed of bte official duty. Tbe portrait Is intended for an M- SCIENCE, TtfDVBTRJ! AND INVENTION. ' exeroiset great rrpeSact foroe onoa ea\r»»trly attwmv*more brilliant in anecdote or repartee, more ©"oquent. in **fat;nre. | It reappeirs io the per*oa of the jwnu '/BOoiatiott'Hyirgi^ia,^..,,^^ \ r t^^y^' ' <w-£?:>r! atoi matter. This may be an element k ksoptag 1tm ,•' fc • :— moreprofoundly suggestive; butfortheoutpouringof V poetess, 'Mr. C^arle* Hemtrt^^|%^>*^fia* y for tho"Piat•efi'^n of A.nim»U. of planetsattijeirdtstanoeefromthesun.THB ATI^HTIQ MONTHLY; Octobeo Tlcknoc It Fields. vast flo >ds of various and d-lighrfal iaformation, I collected; in a volume entitled " Catholic Italy, its In- mardment," as an evidence of the bjurious inflaono«s Haarlem, in Holland, held toj lOSth aunaal meeting _ —M.Rnbmkorff has Buccoeded in making aa indaa- , The present Dumber of this popular magazine . T>elieve-that he could have had no Aujlo-Saxoh. rival, of Hterary piracy ia Belgiam,.that in 1848 there were lately;] tbe omnibus and car ijorses need such! a society tion machine whlohgive«»pa^k*eeveateen Inches l o ^ ^ - - -.•except Ma?anlay. * And in Mr. Pa-ker 1 oase, at least, stitutioni and Sanctttariee. Pari L, Rome and thecontains an unuaaaHy interesting variety, both ia | there was no alloy of oonv%r»atlooal"arroganOs or im- Papal States/' the papers contributed by him to various • o n l ^ ^ e n ^ ^ ' W i l r f W ^ in Aotwerp, whilein Harlem, New York./This and more has been obtained years eino* by a ge»v I x tieman in Boston.>•,-•prr«e and verse. One of the leading articles is de- voted to the character an<$ position of the late Theo- dore Parker, from/whicbi we take the following paaaagea:!•nbofcORE PAKKRK*S HtTOCAinTY.Tb© first »hirg that strikes an observer, in listening tothewordsofpublicandprivatefeelingelicitedby his departure, is the nredcmioaooe in them all of the senthaent of love. His siMrvicee, his speculations, hiscontests,hiscopiouseloquence,hismanylanguages, these come i a as secondary >hings, but the predominant testimony is emotional. Men1 mourn. the friend even more than I the -warrior. Ko; fragile and lovely girl, fadisguntimely into heaven, was evermore passion- ately beloved than this wblteJbaired and world-weary man. A» he sat in his library, during his lifetime, hepatience of oppoei ion. He- monopolized, not beoause English periodicfclsdoring a resideoci in!I aly. The there were eight bandied painters in that city. Letbe was ever unwilling to,hear others,;hut becanae they volume is epbken of .with high praise, as exhibiting a the caureof this difference be what it may, it is unde- did not care to hearthemselves when he was by. • The—Toe dogs of. Constantinopie are famous for their ferociiy, and it has been supposed that they were inca-•was not only the awakener of a thousand int*l-lecta, but tho center of a thousand hearts; hefurnished the natural homej for every foreign refugee,every bruited slave, every* stray thinker, every vexedand sorrowing woman. And never was there one of colored man, who visited the West Indies for the pur^- the*e who %ent away unOomforted, and from every,from registering sounds to registering syllable! andnext of this broad nation their scattered hands now fling roses Upon his grave.This ninkiose deet of gratitude -was not bought byany mere isolated acts of virtue; indeed, it never is sobought;.love never.is won but by a noblenesswent on board tbe steamer, inhere bis compassion was ing machines. The idea is certainly far lees asi^nUs*. pose of examining the advantages of different localities It will form oiae volume, small 4to ; price $2^ 50. The painting the portraits of distinguished men and women. excised at seeing the dog, wlohad followed him at a ng tban that of"the DagueireotypebefowitsnweuttM^:wfor a settlement of colored families on the shores of the numberprintedwillbe confined etriotly to that of the We learn that he has recently completed a por- disiance, sitting on the shore. Bat when the steamer If the vibrations of light, so much finer than those of Gulf of Mexico. His book is chiefly devoted to no- actual subscribers.. [ trait of Mr. Cobden, and has received a com- started, all were astonished to see the dog plunge into sound, are made to register themselves with such won-warning, as we 1 as an example. To all appeals formoderation, dttr.ng the latter^yearsof hie life, he had Jack ia the Forecastle: Or, Incidents in the Early Life of Hawrpaintings are foil-length portraits of extraordinary—Mr Struve i# busily at work at St! PetersbuVg oa additions from manuscript sources, shows that Galileo the third volume of the measurement of the arc of me-botone&naweT-rtnathe bad six generations of 1 >ng- hved farmers behiod hira, and had their strength to draw upon. Atf his pbys-cal habits, except in this re- spect, were unexceDtion*ble; he was abstemious io diet, butriotascetic, kept no unwholesome hours, tried• no dangerous exp»rim^nts, coma>itt*»d no excesses. Bat there iamb man who can habitually study from twelve to seventeen hoars a day (bis friend Mr. Clarke con- tracts it t© "from six to twehe," but I have Mr.,Par- ker's own; statement of the fact) without ultimate self- destruction. N«>r war this the practice during his period of healih alwce, but it was pushed to the last moment;seT Martingale. By tbe author of " Tales of the Ocean," &c V2mo. pp. 462. The Same.Private Libraii^s o' New-Vork. By Jumea Wynne, M. T>. 8vo. pp 472. E French.The Life and "Writings of. G<-OTee Wa^hintrfon Do^ne. D. D., LT«. P . In 4 vole. 2 vo^s. 8 vo. D. Applf-ton k. Co. Intermed-.ate Fronch Course, in accordance with the Robertso-nisnSys'em. Arranged. by Louis Ernst ISmo. pp. 392.itce, Lockwood ic Sou. . »The Persian Flower. A Memoir of Judith Grant Perkins. 18mo.pp. 204. American Tract Society.Brief Bionopbies. By Samuel Smiles. 12mo. pp. 517. TickuortFie'ds. i . .• . . Over the Clifts. By Charlotte Chanter. 12mo. pp. 400. TheSame.Historical Pio'nres Retonchcd: a volume of Miicellanies By•—The recent reprint of on vof Galileo's letters, with gave, formally-and clearly, the opinion that the solaruse, after all.—M. Chevreul.bas showr, by a great number of ex-periments, tbatadyeing is nol merely, a mechanical pro- cess, and that diiferect tmv es of stuff have affiniuea for different colors. It is interesing, since coal-tar has come to play so important a >art in medicine and dye- ing, to see how it rises in value in its various forms.ridian between the Danube and tbe White Sea. Two volumee have been published; he is adding to them a historicvl introduction, and an appendix containing tbehe continued hi the pu'pit long after a withdrawal was peremptorily prescribed for him; and when forbidden• to leave booue for lecturing, during the Winter of 1858, he stnbarbtway prepared tbe most laborioos literary- works of bis hfe, for delivery as lectures in the Fra- ternity Course at Bo?ton.Heworkedtbua;notfrom ambition;nor altogether from principle, but from an immense craving for mental labor, which had become second nature to hi n. His great omnivorous, hungry intellect must have c nstant food —new languages, new s*aii*ti<-s, new hittorical inv*s- tiguti« «s{ new scientific discoveries, new systems of Scriptnral exeg*si« He did not for a day in the year nor J n boar in the d «y make rest a matter of principle, nor did he ever indulge it it as a pleasure, for he knewno enjoy o eat so great as ltb r. Wordsworth's " wisepaieiveoess" w«sotterl foreign to his nature. Hadbe been a mere student, this bad been lesss des'xuctive.But to take the standard of study of a German. Pro-testor, and superadd to that the separate exhaustionsof a Sunday-preacher, a lyceum-leoturer, a radical land's, new work, " Miss Gilbert's Care«r," has allleader, and a practical philanthropist, was simply to. been engaged prior to its publication, which takes apply half a dozen distinct suicides to the abbreviationonly u> kill himself, but them: for each assumed that he must at least attempt what Theodore Parker accom-gant liUli volumee, in the "blue and gold' style, a '"Logic," byjjProf. De Morgan; * Mummv/'.and "Nu Thursday las\ is an event of some interest to the world miniature " Library of Ballad Literature," comprising ttiemaics," by Samuel Birch of the British Museum, of art in this country, Mr. Peale was neither a great the choiceet romantic ballads of - England, Scotland, and " Libraries," by Thomas Watts of the same insti- artist nor the founder of a school, but he was the lastnothing of the abstractions o: algebra, bus that they cal-small number of date-trees now exist i-.g on the south-• plisbed. <It is vetry certain that his career was much shortened Ireland, Spain, Germany, <fcc.tution. Thi}l&8t is worthy of more than a paseing of our painters whese rame is connected with our notice, Mr. jWatta's acquirements as a philologist are Revolutionary period. He was born in Philttdslphiaculate with extreme rapidit; r when aided by material for calculation similar to the abacus-of the Romans,but with which they are able to calculate nearly t*iae as fast as we, wiih our Arabic system of notation.—At tbe national Agricultural Exhibition at Parismony of classic aothors aad of the Arabian historians of the Mic'dle Ages, and draws some interesting ou- clusi< ns as to tbe variation of climate in the countries' to tbe'Boutii of tbe Caspian.by these enorrooue labors, aod it is not certain that itsvalue was increased io a suhicient ratio to compensatefor that eviI. He justified bis incessant winter-lecturingby tbeiact that the whole country was his parish,though this w&s not^ an. adequate excuse. Bat whanright badjhe to deprive himself even of tae accustomedsummex ijeepite of ordinary pi^acherSj and waste the lections, Biatoiical, Political, Biographical, and Social, golden July bon-s in stn'fyitfg Sclavonic dUle^te ! No of Charles J. Ingersoll, by experience; presenting doubt his! work in the world was gr«atly aided both b*the fact and the fame of learning,^^^ as he himself .^a^ as Isomewhat disdainfully said, the • & £ & & of Greek andHebrewwss"aconvenience-»"*"W.ththeeoolclogical dia eusjdcnsj bat, after alt, his popular power did notaonals, with portraitures, of personages of this country, from Genet's arrival, in 1792. to the purchase of Louis- iana, in 18fJ3;.'with -whichincrease of the original United States many of their great events, physical andreferee and- guide in all literary dilemmas, being" ent day io have seen the. artist to whom Washiogton sattongue. "r Reside an intbreeting and diacrtminating the oiiginal painting of which is now the property of entitled Gatherings of aNctvralUtin Australia He were all tbat could be desired, and specimens of newsmain|y depend on his mastery of twenty languages, oonstituti. nal, are Buppoeed to be connected.'* It willbut or one. ' Theodore Parker's learning was undoubt- edly a valuable poeseesun to the community, bm it was not jworth the price of Thodorc .Parker's life.HJS LEARNING:His gjjeat l'brary,—tbe only p-ivate library t haveever seen «hich remin <ed one of the Astor,—althoughlatterly eollec'ed more for public than personal uses,strong as ' bat made of pore linen rags, but stronger than many kinds of rag-paper.was or* which no other man in the nation, probably—Tbe Abbe Laborde has hit apon ft very ing*nio»f suhject made no difference; he coUW talk on anything. refined and delicate taste (which may safely be assumed niable that there are many more famous modern Bel- pable of attachment to mat; but' a Frenchman has method of registering vibrations. To tho roof oC a,;•:'•-.'••..• • • • •'• •lately Wought one to Paris with Mat under circum-Quaker farmer, when the conversation fell on agricul- impartiality/feat it is unpossiMe to guess the.religious advantage oyer Hterature that it requires no legis- stances which grove the contrary. One day at Pera he tb^se are suspended two wooden rules, about eight feetture: the farmer held his own ably for a tlmS; but long noticed 8 splendid specimen of these wolf-dogs lying long. Their lower ends are fastened into a block <* t aft*** he was drained dry, our wofderful como-*nlou tenets of tbe writer. . , i lative j protection from the competition of piratical••••' '''"-—-5fta P** •Ntoa gives pot«»toe<^ *D»ktM»7t-I was once with him m ti^e society Of an intelligent and hereditary qualities), and is written with so much gian painters than Belgian authors. Art has the greatroom are fixed two riogB, some six feet apart, and H«*Htflowedonexhanstless,withaccountsofNo^a ,—Mr.Joel!MtmaellofAlbany,iovfhomAmerican productions. Wecan,inthiscountry,robDiokeua withhalfclosed,eyesjintheiiun,andhewenttoWm woodwhichisconnectedwithapendulum,sothatAoScotia plowirg and Tenneesee hoeing, and all things and Bulwer, but we cannot obtain the works of Land- and caressed him. The dog did not seem to under- vibrations may be registered on a piece of glass, the tea* rural ancient and modern, good and bad, till it seemed history owes so much for the preservation of its mate- stand it, and lay as motionief e as a stone. Next day face of which is covered with smoke Wact Fr<*« asiftheoneamusingandinterestingthemeintheuni- rials,proposestopublishavolume,thesubjectof aeerandMillalswithoutpayingwhateverpriesthe he-repeatedit,"andthenext,Juadafterseveraldaystheverse were the farm. But it soon proved that this was which wDl sound strangely to many readers. It is " A •artists choose to demand for them. But we need here dog eeemed to learn the mei-tiicgof it, and followedonly, one among his thousand department), and hishearers felt, as was said of old Fuller, as if he hadserved his time at every trade in town:>•usfe;andm no peiared aite8ciI>«<i' «p»cifc'or-n •MrtBTg til*t d*TWg«l**',ir Ofib* »»>t head, beir,4 lerg r-eeii u Ing tb* '<>' jfiginy bo*'y fme«tral fi-' bavebeV< wiD perb»i boenlongno ms rtyr t^just whii» A is /srti areaeddi g genre. >*« • w h i r l s ) ' :G.KOKO* W"iT.ttAM CURTIS. 12mo. pp. 179. A B. Bardiok. The author of this little volume ia an intelligenttinct works on family history, many of them already rare and valuable, and wanting in! the largest libraries.—Mr. Fagnani, who has been in Paris some two years and a half, has been extremely fortunate inwhich pervades the life. In the midst of his greatest ment. Mr. Curtis remarks in the introduction: " I ry, on the New Testament," intended to accompany the<••cares there never was a moment when he was not all ninth edition of bis " Greek Testament and Eoglish—The Acclimation Society of the Zone of tha Noctfe- eaet of France reports a rerj interesting experiment pick him up. So the ex vagabond of Constantinople in tbe domestication of a l»ma in the mountaina of tbe••.too generous of his time, his. wisdom, and his money. commend tbe book heartily as sincere and faithful,''•••'.•.him*elf at the call of some poor criminal at the Police- it depivee men of human rights, also denies them in- Office or some sick ghrl iu a suburb«n town, not of his tellectual capacity."reoogniz* d paruh perhaps, but longing for the ministryof the only preaaber who bad touched her aouL Notup to the high standard of critical accuracy demanded which the Prince of Watea is to he invited. Thoughyears have elapsed since the publication-of Dr. Bloom- absent, they will probably return in season to take eties of quartz Mr. Knox hai extracted a sort of naph- He feeds on green or dried grass. He needs no skee- '8 vols. Vcl. I.. 8vo. pp. 554 Sheldon & Co. *Notes on the Parables of onr Lord. By Richwd Chenevbf. 12mo. pp. 288. D. Appleton.fc Co. The KanpftiooHnnt^Ts; Or, Adventures in the Bnth. By Annship, as the translator of a "Corsican legend, " Sam-So'.flbj.D. Appleton&.Co. . ... TheAdventure*oiJamesCapenAdams,MountaineerandGrizzlyProclamations"oftheEmperor,Napoleonduriogthe be,howeveradmirabletheymaybe. Twoofthese thebousesalmostcontiriuallvinmotion.sand times, if France did not soon take up this inven- tion, England would.. ' .Bear Hunter of California. By Theodore BC'Hhtell. 12mt>. . pp. 378. TheS»me.«• pp 402. Walker, Wise ic,Co.. Boston.Tbe Lost Hunter; A Tale of Early Times. By John T. Adams.' J2mo. pp. 462. M. Doplady.Curiosities cf Natural History. Second Swies. By Francis T.Buckland, M. A. 12roo. pp. 441. Rndd St Carlton.Fred Lawrence; Or, The World College. By Mary E. Teller.12mo. pp. 226. M. W . Dodd-TheOoap*l by Matthew. Tha common Engli-h version and'the-received Greek TexiJ, wi'h a revised version, and Criticiland Pbilblogioal Notes. Prepared for the American Bible ' "Union, by T.J. Conant, D. t>. Quarto, pp. 107. AmericanBible Union.The. Rolin Nest Stories. By Mrs. Madeline Leslie. 6 vols.,18mo., pp. 108. Illustrated. Crosby, Nicb Is, Lee'fc Co. Little Frankie Stories. By Mrs.. Madeline Leslie. 6 vols., Idmo., pp. 108./ Illustrated by Bildugy. Crosby, Nichols,'Lee it Co.theless fascinates by its marvelous reality, for it does not seem a painting at all, but a group of actual persons and animals standing in the broad d*ylight on an open field, with stately hills in the distance and the blueLITERARY.dweller in the dreary Yorkshire worlds, but she of the sunny " land of Beulah." jl !—The new; volume of the " Cjcloptedia of Arts and Sciences," forming the concluding division of "The English Cyclopaedia " is the 5th of that section, and includes many articles of unusual interest, as "Lan-awake among them is the shepherd's dog, which Landseer might be proud to have painted.-r-Mr. Hays is engaged on a very spirited picture, the result Of his recent trip to the Rocky Mountains, representing a herd of buffaloes scamperiDg wildly over the prairiga, . • ••were'av'O petually c iorrowinc poms, i^*v« in the refr como^esiojtipaihy strange, way, r«l ducal hct 8od<& a fiamoup I. withare ^afterwiri—The first edition often thousand copies of Dr. Hol-The last is equal to the price of gold. And so, saysof a shgie life. And, as bis younger companions long, place next week, when it will be issued by C. Scrib-sinceassuredhim thetendencyof his.career was not ner. Mr.S.hasal<=oinpreparation, to form six.ele- guage,"byProf.Kayof UniversityCollege,London; —ThedeathofRembrandtPeale in Philadelphiaon—M. Eecayrac de Lautur< >, the director of the scien-tificmissiontoChina,annou:)ceatha^theChiaeseknow —Mr.Baer,ina short.essay, .has shown that tho.•—That li eraiy and political veteran, Charles J.Evehc graceif'Sjprivilenethe face, leaf ecro has ln<ki t*e oth* Ut'g-tijn tive. L^i rensic i sorbec the p*.'L(» tbe •eX'Ui of the B wlhb.o ifo illimi wae renby re:u lordship browed, to lend Irish p* piU;h c'aj a p*r**>atie abeo coat, poc plexion. was tLi peer, fm of wti" tboneunbi8*cr? the cot* oration* captivai not a father; after eO moun'a to herf disguise traytd;hcuse becrvoi returniq one wh< foi'm;t!i1to' i t ; 1 ^bebovt*;. of aU tain 1 -iher Tit!Ta»b:tjjknown'J the-fa of whi author I sunuut of, MotIngersoD, has in press a work of personal reminiscenses,in. 1783, while bis father was wit l Washingson at Valley Forge, and, in hieaoeventeenth year, he paintedInrtian corn is exciing muc l attention in France... able to answer all inquirers, 'leach in their own for hie portrait. Except this portrait of Washington, —Dr. George Bennett han recently published a bookbe seen that the very title partakes strongly of the au- thor's marked individuality. Messrs. J. B. Lippincott & Co. are to be the publishers.—M. Picnot. the Prfncb. litterateur, hay published a v Inmo of miscellanies a-cd remit-iec^nces, wbivsh, fr,.ai the city of Aries, hh biithplace, he calls 'Arlesiennes,c^uractcittics and the proportionate place they shouldocenpy in a-universal collection.t DISPUTED AUTH0R8HIP.and sinking in the ocean ai will, by the contractionand expansion of its afr-bh dder, does jriotexist. Thepearly n&uti'us possesses this power, which renders itso difficult *o capture that.it had never been seen byany naturalist until 1829. Mr. Bennett devo'es 52.pa- ed from the paper-mills, the eheet beii g cut off1 jast as..:had sufficient bibliographical knowledge single-handed " cbrcim-les, legends, taltis; and biographical and lit- To (lie Editor, of The N. Y. Tribune. "•to telrcti and w*> ba«e very few men eapable of fullyappr*ciatirg iu sch^ larly value, as it stands. It seems erary recblleotions." M. Picbot has done much to ae If its joss*- *M->r, pnttiog all his pracacal and popalar fami{:a>i;/.o Engliph literatute in France,and dates fromTte sole Author of all. the letters in " Goethe's Cor"-sideintoihis el qoence and action, had indemnified him-self by jm vesting all .his scholarship in a library of , which 14-8 tban a quarter of the books were in the1822, his liret introduction to the EujBsh soil. In that year he was for s-)xue time the guc-ot of Soitthey at Keswick, wlXje tiere were under Li? roof two cliarm- ing visitors—t^P daughters .respectively'of the poetsGerman romancists. This I state on' the authority ofEi g^eb iangusge.] know, for one—and there are many who will bearoccasion of an Oriemal ftstival is sometimes dazzlingtwenty feet long, sloping upward from near the wa- ters edge. Dr. Bennett was the tjrst European toa space fif een inches long by four and a-hatf in diame- ter. It can easily be placedfb. an ordiuary knapsack, or be strapped beneath it. It is iu two parts, and Mda togethtr into one half of the length of the ordinary cump-stot 1; it ha8 also the advantage of a rotary chair.—A Com nittee of the Society of Arts in London has reported on the new gum pnvchonfc', the product of a tree similar to that which produces gorta-porcha. Tnising "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation,"the! taxae testimony—that I never w*nt to Mr. Coleridge and *fi|crdc!worth. His first glime^ of the the autbor'chip of which promises to be as great a mys- to ey><6 unaccustomed to such gorgeousnessi; Bat goodHand Book of American Genealogy, "prepared by Wm. , H. Whitmore, eeq., of the New-England Genealogical Society, and destined to contain a descriptive catalogue of the works published on that subject in the UnHeda Taw of copyright for pictures, tb prevent their repro- duction by photographing; to give the artist the same protection in the enjoyment of his property whioh the law affards to the manofacturer of nails and the culti-this photographic impressions may be multiplied if de- sirable, to any extent. This apparatus is much leas costly than any other hitherto made for registering sounds, and i« interesting «mce it ia an aid to ward tho invention of machines which shall gradually adraaooiA SUMMER ON THE BORDERS OF THE CARIBBEANSEA. BT J. DKKNIS HAXXIS. With an Introdaotion by States. These already amount to;more than 150 dis- vator of potatoes and cabbages.I-:<"*—Dr. S. T.'Bloomfield has just published a volume mission to paint a portrait of the Princess Clo-presentsthemostfavorablefieldforsuchanexperi- of"CriticalAnnotations,AdditionalandSupplementa- thilde. ThoughFagnaniisaNeapolitanbybirth,and thespeedofthesteameriDcnasiog,hebegantohowl bemadetodothesame?tices of the Island of Hayti, which, in his opinion,the water and follow after. On and on he swam until, derful accuracy, why may not tho vibrations of soundw a s aprotegeVof the Neapolitan Bourbons, he is a naturalized citizen of this country, married an Ameri-Bon»e down by the accumulation of labors, grudging, quite euro that/it wfll command attention not only by Notes," publisbed five years since. Tho annotations can lady, and calls himself an American.as a student grndges, the precious hour that once lost its intrinsic interest and merit, but as another silent in that work are more of an explanatory cha-acter, —Arrangements are in progress for the exhibition of has become a tax-payiDg Paisiaiu can never be won back, he yet was always holding and ebvjuent protest against the system which, while and the addition of this new volume brings the student .pioturee "at the Studio Building in Tenth street, toamere-wholesalereformer,heworeoathislifebyre- BIBLESTORIESINVERSE. ByAHJTAM.HVDK. 18mo. •field'sfirstworkontheGreekTettameut—theDigest, partinthereceptionofH.R.H. ] ths,andtheyareoftenfetid;fromthero?eandamethysting, which is a great advantage in the Vosges, who**tailingitsgreatinfluencestotbepoorestcomer. Not generous iu money only-—though the readiness of his ber eficeuce m thattiirectisn had f*w equals—he always hastened past that minor beet© «al to ask if there were not some other added gift possible, somapersonat ser-pp.87. JMMSCh&llen&Co. or"EeoensioSynopteca"ofCommentaries,ineight —AmongtheAmericanartistsnowcongregatedLa varieties,carbonalsohasbe<>nextracted. Fromava- tberoadsareoftencoveredwithiceandsnow,on' Several of the most prominent incidents in the nar- large volumes. This is now a fccaTce book, but the' tbe French capital are C. P . Cratch (who has been to riety of green fluor spar, fotnd in Siberia, there have which he is as sure-footed as a dog. The expense ofvice or correspondence, some life-blood, in short* to be of the Bible. The volume-is iesued in a neat, and at-obtained, also, by M, Foura<t, who has taken the lead ten pounds of hay perdar. He seems to eodarethoio the tboufhof this , s he knbwi 9<iotu\ tolavished in< some other form, to eke out the already liberal donation of dollars.H18 ACTIVITY.•> It is inevitable, io desc-ibing bioa, to characterize hislife first by its quantity. He belonged to too true race of the giants of learning; he took in knowledge at every pore, and bis desires were Insatiable. Not, per- hap#, precocious in boyhood—for it is not precocity to begin Latin at ten and Greek at eleven, to enter the Freshmsffltoaes at twenty and tbe professional sahool at twenty-three—he w«s equaled by few students in the tremendous rate at which he pawned every study,when ope* begua. With strong body and great consti- tutional iodustry; always acquiring and never forget- ting, he wasdoubtless at the time of his death the most variously learned of living Americans, as well as one. of «be most prolific of orators and writers. rVhydWTheodoreParkerd'e? Hediedprema- turely worn out through hi* enorsaoua activity—atractive style, with original illustrations. BOOKS RECEIVED.cold of winter as well as the heat of summer, and ia Grccca. is devoted to tbe fragments of the Greek phi- Spain, where it is his intention to remain a considerable the mountainous eountries in France promises to belosophers, whoee scattered liteiary remains have been time.. ' • ;. • • • . —Dr. Ozanam ha? made jome very important ex- of muchvalue. ,ratives of Scripture are here presented in simple verse, with as little deviation as possible from the languageresults are all presented with the additional light of later studies in the new book. %been obtained carbon, nitrogsn, hydrogen and chloric keeping him is about equal that of keeping three sheep.Venice), Colman (who has been in Spain), Boughton,—Tbe new volume of MM. j!Didots Bibliothcca George Ball has been in Paris, but has lately lrft for in th?e department of research.the original being given in parallel columns, with a copious apparatus of notes, prolegomena, etc.ueual number for him to place upon one canvas—his compositions rarely exceeding two figures, and the greater number of his pictures consisting of but one.—Mr. Page has at his studio in the Tenth-streetent Assembly in 1848, on the propoai ion of M. Arago, prove that eihor and chhroform act not so much had not been finished, and that the object-glasses halMrs. Dell, author of '^Woman's Right to Labor. 12mo. its effect in literature may be produotiveof good, if it—Napoleon literature is still on the increase.Princeuent element?, one of which is carbon, easily ble by the blood.assimila-..—Tte recent earthquake at Brouf sa was accompa- preeo,".of which he'had formerly published the Italian three or four painiiogs of his own which are much bet- nied by a sufficient trembling of the earth at Nice, fromBuilding some admirable copies of Titian, but he hasBowman. 12mo. pp. 468. Crosby, Nicholas, Lee &. Co. original. A collection of " Speeches, Messages, and ter entitled to attention than any copies of Tiiaa could the 3d to the 12th of June, t) keep the chandelisrs of thod of M. Foucault, wbich should magnify two thou-years 18i9-60J is aleo promised by hinL—Phiioeophlcal readers will be glad to hear of the pc^ver. and one of th^m is a life sized composition,comple ion of SirWm. Hamilton's edi-ion of "Dr . which the artist calls Dolce jar merite. It representsThomasEeid's Works." The main portion wa>> pub- a group on the campagna, consisting of a shep-lished several, years sines, but in an incomplete form, herd, two women, a young child, a iogythe editor's annotations bTeaking.off in the middle of a and two or three sheep; Those who aresentence. The continuation and sequel of the sup- accustomed to the conventional shepherds of .the cam- French Academy of Scienc<«, a very interesting de- principal astronomic deductions.plementary dissertations, tbe preface, indices, &.c, are now promised by the publishers, Maclachlan &, Stew- art of Edinburgh. ' ^;—Though sectionalism is to be avoided in politics,tends to increase the estimation and quicken the appre- ciation of heme talent—and several works are an- nounced based upon this foundation. Thus in.Oh.io we find announced, "The Poets of the Wes*," anew col-* Potion, with biographies and critical notices, &c , by Wm. T. Coggeehall, to he published by Messrs. Follett, Foster & Co. of Columbus; and Messrs. 'Derly & Jackson promise " Women of the South distinguished in Literature," an elegant volume, withportraitg on"steel of Madame Le Vert, Marian Harland, Mrs. AnnaCora Ritchie (Mowatt), and Misa isvans-—not Jhe while the sheep are grazing close by. The only wide-ellipse, though differing very slightly from a circle.equalled only by the moiesty which has hitherto pre vented him from appearing as an author. Every Euro-extending over a period within tbe ten of a very limit-ed nrmber ofpeople now alive* It is entitled "Recol- pean laignage and literature is familiar to him, a fact the well known portrait for which the Father of his—A correspondent of the Augsburg Att/remeinc /Zei- hibited ninety varieties of Indian c^rn. The culture of tu-ng eaye that he has seen several go id specimeenjof:pagna, and to the manner in which similar subjects have been treated by other artiais, can have, no con- ception of the masterly skill displayed in this remark-shy bending overhead.ing ebuDd asleep on a little hillock the shepherd standsin listless indolence quite indifferent to the worldabouthim; a younger woman, a model of physicalct:merines8, sits languidly on tbe old Roman pavement, The prices in Paris are : and a little child lies at her feet in a sweet slumber,—Mr. O. Struve has been at work upon thet preciowi collection of Kepler's manusciipte at Pulkova, and has published a small memoir on the relations between the great astronomer and his protector, the hero of tho Thirty Years' War, Wallensiein. Annexed to it are three letters from Wall«nstein to Kepler arid two hero- £ copes caat by Kepler for the celebrated captain in 1603One of the women lies snor-*tested daily at the new Reading-Room of the Museum, Country gave him three sittings of three hours each. in June last, M. Poignant, of Chalons-sur-Saone ex- where he occupies the central poai.'ityn of uuiversal It was something for the young generation of the pres-paper made from the stalks of Indian corn at Teves var, iu HUTga'y. The color and fineness of be paper \andwriting-papercouldnot bedistinguished frompa- contain suggestions for the formation of Public in the Senate Chamber of the Capitol, the only one of guese Man-of-War," the P\ytalia Pelagica, of ri-iog per 'made of ragp. It was of medium tenacity, not eoLibraries, and a survey of the. peculiarities of tbe Mr. Peale's pictures that has become famous, is the various Lite'jratures of modern Europe i adiea* ing their " Court of Death." He had enjoyed vigorous healthaccount of the existing Libraries of Europe, the articles the nation, it having been purchased in 1832 and hung eayp that the power usually ascribed to the " Portu-.nearly up to toe day of h& death, and had paiuteda pertraii of his vent-rable companioc in art, Snily, during the patt year. ,—There a e at work in tbe Imperial Printing-house at Vienna presses which are fed from rolls as deliver-;-^Mise Lancor, the sculptor, is now on. a visit to ges to the most curious qradroped of Au«tralii, tbe it is entering the preee. Ten presses of thia kind are Salem, ber native town, but is expected in this city Duck-billed Platypus, or "Wator-m-'lo — Ornithorhyn- run by one man. T< ey print only on one side; tkechvs Paradoxus. The id*a that the spurs of the male, other side bat to be fed to the preeeee in the usual way.a*e poisonous is incorrect. The creaure is peifectly Dr. Auer is building a prees to print both sides in the vigorously in t»>is ball giving, p'arty-goiag -community, harmless, but its very questionable shape gets it a bad eaine way. . p;.before long. " . • '• Br<ntano, end widow of .Arnim, both of whom were ;—Card-engraving is one of the SUP arte that flourishreepondence with a Child"'was. Bettina. the sister ofname. Dogs. u»le*s txainei. stare at it, in angry alirm, —MR Alexander Slater- of this ci*y, has shown as a in Ch8m«»ers's Educational Course, page 215. Respect- which axe sent' out on the east tide of'the'city on'the and cats run from it immediately. I s burrow is som* veiy light and convenient camp-stool, which folds intoGost?ck, in his work on German literature, puMiohedand the splendor of some of the pasteboard missivesformer lady is very Frencbily described in a pleasant tery as that of the letters * f Junius,. I can give you a tjaote forbids a display of flourish, gilding, and. fancy let- explore one of these burrows. He believes that theParker u> talk over a subject which I had Just made aaper-.hjiy, without findiog that on that particular matterhe happ-en*c »o know, withou sny speciJ iuvestigaiion,mo/ethanIdid,Thisextendedbeyondbooks,.eocoe-times.s'ijatctipgint'* thincrs where hia qusstionar's op- we were all sitting • round the tea table, iny host, a Page, who, ai the time of its publication, was (and is be (h. rigciir in strict cOnfoimity with the pasteboards mr nmg tbey were exceedingly animated, their littleportur.iuB of knowledge had seemed considerably little eurprisfd at the .awquaintauce with - English :now for anything I know) in the employ of Messrs. of Brbh-h royalty and nobility; but whether derigeurfr*ater-fas, for iestanee in points connected with the literature displayed by a young' Frenchman of Chambers, as one of their ncret gift>d scientific writera cr not they are rigorously free from anything like or- eyee glistened, and the orifijes of their ears.dilatedaudli.tle gbifipge of the pcet's household. *' I shall never littleinfii'rmation, though I am not at liberty to,indicate iersion the cads of the crdme dc ia crt-me. The cards .animal is ovo-^iviparoua, and that it breeds only ove^y otlurjear. Three young ones which he kept aliveforget,"saysMons.P.,"when,intheeveniog,as itssource.',ThisworkwasmainlywrittenbyMr. forthegreatballtothePrinceofWalesaresupposedto forawhilewereveryplayfulandamusing. Whenabits of our na*iv«» animal» axd the phenomena of out-door Nature. Such were his wonderful .qok-koess and that day; asked me whether I wag acquainted It is not improbable that Mr; Robert Chambers did naments or flourishes. Mr. Gimbrede. the artist who contracted with rapidity. They often climbed like gum is bard and frtab'e st or<tioaxy remperaturee. batbis JnfaQibJe nremcry, that gliu-ps^- of these thiog* did with Coleridge's writings. For answer I - w a sfor him Jthe woxk of 7 ear*. \ But of course it was in? rather proud to be able to repeat the first stanzachimney-sweeps to tbe top [>f a book-case by placingassht in the work. The only evidence upon which Mr. aligned them, under the direction of the Comnfittee their backs against the wal 1 and their feet against tae by tbe application of nest it. be cornea pasty and viscous,Robert Chambers is charged with the authorship of onSInvitation, has displayed a severely chaste judgment r and when once it is in this-state" it does not retura to.tbewpr^dofbooksthatthisWonderfulsuperioritywas of bis 'Love,' and had scarcely got beyond theworkis',thathewasknowntohaverevisedsome intieleiteringandwordingofthesepreciousmissives. .book-case. Someimesthe;wouldformasinglegroup,• itsoriginalcondition.Whenboiltdinwateritalamoschiefly seetD, ai d tbe following exaxple may serve as one lying on its back with outstretched paws, anotheroneoftJie most striking among many. , , ' all thoughts, all passions, all delights," &c, of the proof-sheets of the work when first passing To each person there are four.cards; two of them are on its side, and the third rolled or coiled up like a aTedoish brown color, and makes the water a littiein regard to the barbarous feudal codes of the Middle t.re poet's masterpiece,'.! exclaimed, as I gazed, on that don to be published by Mr. Churchill, a medical pub- and as there are three thousand sets, they will f>rin, Agew~--a4 the Salic. Bnrgundian, and Ripuarian—beforethe time of Charlemagne. Tb» common historians, delicate jet blooming countenance, an ideal impersona- lisher. I may state further, that the work was never •»ith the envelopes, a very large amount of stationery.even Ba'larovgave no Very satisfactory information tion of the weird witchery of her father's mui?e, intended to set forth the earneatv convictions of its The happy refcipiente of the inviiation-ca^ds will, "prob- the tail turned up." Dr. lennett was unable to keep sensibly changing its. properties.and referred to no ywr available hooks; and supposing •with a prolonged look of admiration, and to continue author, but was nothing more than a series of bold ably, have them framed and hung up as heirlooms in any of them alive more tbsn five weeks.—Brass and copper are now plated with platina, by placing tbem in boiling water, forty parts Of whiok contain eight parie of *al ammoniac and one of olatina.it to be [a matter of whin every well-read lA<vyer the quotation, l Sb« forgave.me that I gazed' would at least know»omethiDg, I asked htlp of theskeptical guesses, written in a grave, earnest style. It their families. must have been a source of great mwament to theTHE SUFFERING IN KANSAS.To tim Editor of The JST. Y. Tribune.—At the meeting of t><i Ethnological Society lastweek, Captain Dow, of tHe steamer Guatemala pre-sented a collection of curiwities from Central America In a few minutes the braes or copper ia covered with a One object was a stone six inches high by eight ia di-ameter,;and well carved in the form of a tiger's head. with a chalked r&g. •mort scnclarly member of that profession within my • i Too fondly in herface ' "reach. He regretted bis inabi'itr to give me any aid, 'This lady was, of course, Sara Colaridge, who so author to have such a work mefby the heavy artillerybut referred me to a friend of bin, who was soon to nobly devoted herself with her cousin and husband, visit himJ a ycung man, who was a'r^ady eminent forlegal learning. The frieod soon arrived, but owned, Henry Nelsou Coleridge, to the care of her father's . w-'i; some r«gret, that he had paid no attention to that fame by collecting and editing his works. Miss Words-of serious argument in all the leadiog reviews. As the work was such a gigantic imposition "on the credulity of this knowing generation, it is probableplating of plfitina whioh is firm. It is then cleanedSm: In your Issue of September.-21,1 read a letterparticulajT surgect. and did not even know what books worth, afterward Mrs. Quiliiman, is described by the that some mystery will always hang about its author- pigned by four pitizena of this county, whish demands an urn or bowl. Among, tiem. was a hideous human —Baron Bunfen, in hie great work, Egypt's Ptaeeto refer tO; but he would at l^ast ascertain what they enthusiastic young foreigner as a beauty of a more dig- ship. As, I see by the papers that Mr. Robert Cham- reviewing. They say that within a radius of five mites figure, about a foot high, jwith a handle on its back. in Universal Historif, fixes the creation of the worldtion to I acd.-»«;J rhduty-were, and let me know. ' (N. B. I have n*ver heardfrom him eince.) Stimulated by ill sascess, I aimedhigher, and struck at the Supreme Bench of a certainState;WrtkkinginonthemightyreposeofbisSoaor heroicDanishBalladsofthe"KoempeViter,"justpub- Mr.Pageisamanofgenius—versatileandhair-brained. Theymighthavealsoadded,thatthereareagood onanarrowcircularfoot,iillcarvedinstone. Agold eayetbattheEgyptiansknewnothingoftheDeluge, with tbe name of Charlemagne. "Charlemagne?"S •errKresponded toy lord jud^e. rubbing his burly brow, " Cbazlemagne lived, I think, in the! sixth century.*'lished in three volumes, by Williams & Norgate, Lon-cents to pay, and that oannot get employment to earnit. Iliveupononeoftheprincipal.thoroughfares,and oneonhisforehead.have conversed with several of the settlers that arecontinually passing from the west to leave the Territo- —One thousand men aje employed in the United certain names, "from Adam downward, arid then fromdon,'.proves to be a real mine of romantic weal ih for Di-mnjed,I retreated,withlittlefurther inquiry; theloversofpopularpoetry. Specimensofthecollec-form of a man holding a bi rd in each hand, and withnium B.C., but which was assuredly many hundred yearsinoperation." Theearlyhistory,oftheBibleho considers as mere tradition, and the dates assigned to1stantly, *jto alcove twenty-four, shelf one hundred andthirteen, of the College Library at Cambridge, and you-will find the informs, ion yon need in a thick quarto,boond in j vellum, and lettered *Potgieseer da Statu middle agea, though from the remarkable similarity scapes, which he has recently finished for Mr. Melleu why they should try to prevent the benevolent spirit ofj HIS CONVERSATION.—General Scott ia sitting for a full-length portrait toals, and thinks the incidents may frequently be traced to the French romances of chivalry,"so popular in theers for t ome of his pictures, but" also of procuring him some liberal orders. Another of hia brilliant land-Is the nearest approach which we have to the original language.ciable advantage derived fiom working it expaneivsly.Recent experiments at tl e Metropolitan Flouriog* mjle4 Mills, in this city, where there are two: pairs of veryfine engines, indicate also t hat there is no ad vantage hiit, in spite of the very evidant theoretical advantage.—M. Faye has, with M. Ruhmkorff, made eleotrio JOHN M. CATN. experrmeats whioh confirm bixa ia hia theory that heattrv, declared that the thii»g in America which he most though his vemon of u The Winning of Thor'a Ham-d*'t«ired wts to hear Theodore Parker talk. Indeed his mer" willnotdisplace the old favorite one (so much Broadway and Eighth street, with as muoh punctuality they would be better men. Yours,ecuversa! ional power was so wonderful that no one otuM go away from a first interview without astonish-a^mhred by Scott) by Dean Herbert.and perseverance aa though ha were La the performanceAtchitm City Pott-Qffice, Sept 37, "i860,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Wauketha, Wis., Sept 27, I860.ART ITEMS.'• . B. E.many nearly destitute families that have not that fifty image from one of the. graves of Chiriqoi was in the " the climatic center of which was in the tenth millen-J-..... SB••the racij theiro>j operaiij enritv that be| ofyear esb'w^bj hop* HI the K' their ct~ri*]was bejthatiand, sure of one man, at least, to whom law meant tion have- been given frequently by Jamieson, Wm. al*o history and literature, I took refuge with.C.'aika Sumner. That accomplished scholar,'himself Howitt (in his History of Northern Literature), andfor otce at fault, could only frankly advise me to do others, but tl e whole have never before appeared in anj*t last what I ought to have done at first—to apply to English dress. Unlike many editors, Dr. Prior is satis-Theodorei Parker. I did so. "Go" replied he in- fiedwiih claiming a moderate antiquity, for his origin- been the means of not only bringing; forward purchas- quarter, but simply no crop at all. These gentlemen jear. Since the introduction of the sewing machine human development." He thiuks that the old Chinese—We axe very glad to barn that although the pecu- ry. They nearly all say that thtir only al ernative was States in the manufacture of sewing-machine needles, Se'h, and so on, cannot be taken in a literal sense asthe sale of spool-cotton has increased to the extent of more than a million and a', lalf annually.—Much interest is now felt among engineers as to ft ervo/um.' " I stra»ghtway sent for Potgiesser, and of Brooklyn, is now on exhibition at the gallery of our Eastern brethren from alleviating the real suffering the economy of using steam expansively. Mr. Ieher-niary condition of Mr. Innees "was not quite so ex- to leave or starve; that they did not raise a half or a and the profits on them ajmount to nearly $300 000 a; treme as had been stated, the allusion to bis wants hassignifying the ages of individual men, but as epochs ofj und my fortune made. It was one of those patient shown with.the ballads current among distinct na ions, that is among us Is it not enough that the inde-4 Id German treatises which cost the labor of one man's as the Scottish Breton, Lithuanian &,c, some critics Mr. Nicholsj in Broadway. It is, perhaps, one of his pendent-pioneer is reduced to the necessity of request-hte to compile and another s to exhaust^ and I had no have sought their .origin in the misty period of an- best works. The time represented is near sunset, .andreason tojsuppoee that any reader had disturbed its re- tiquity, when a; common horns and a community of the whole scene is bathed in the golden effulgence of ing your aid, without being sneered at in his misery? I Yard, came to the oonclusi >n that there was "no appre- been expended up to December of last year. The r a e until that unwearied industry had explored thetraditionswas thepropertyof the whole Arjanrace. Dr. Pjior's translatioi's are nervous and eplritsd, of-the setting luminary.cannot imagine what would prompt inea> to write in suchamannerunlesstheyrejoicedundertheexuberant influence of plump corn cribs. Of course they haveFrenchrailwayscostonanaverageabout$100,000perMr. Jameo Irwin of Sansom street, Philadelphia, has published a small steel portrait of liuoola, whioh comes much nearer to a likeness than many of tho mote pretentions pictures we have seen*liirary.It is said that Thackeray, on his voyage to this couo- ten in the concise two-line stanzas of the origioalB, Mr. Troye, and the veteran warrior climbs up to the corn to sell. I think that if they foliowed.out the gold-Htudio of the artirt eve:ry morning, on the oorner of en rule without so much ostentatious independence,say thatthey are opposed to begging on principle, whioh is cerlainjfy a.very commendable spirit,, but no reasonUntitled Documenthim to his ho*el, and became his constant companion.About two months afterwart, the Frenchman havicgfinished bis business in Turkey took parage on asteamer for France, and recommended his proUg6 tothe care of the hotel-keeper, who promised he should words. As soon as the wit of man has invented a ma- ;' '7, never'suffer. He forbade the dog, to follow him, and chine as delicate as the human ear, weeanhav* reput-'•: .i •in bis distress. At last the piseengers begged tbe cap- tain to take him on board, ai d a boat was lowered toThorn, Baker, Frank Bowland, Yewell, and Baboook. .acid. A sort of chameleon >rganic mineral has been When tbe ground is covered with snow he eats abeatI JLamorkw:iMemoir of Mary Lundie Duncan. By her Mother. New: Ed. collected with pious care,* and'edited with exem- —The Evening 'Post states that a private letter periments with oxygen as an antidote to ether or chlo- 18'oo'pp. 3M. AnserJcar Tract Socioty.The YonDf Cottager. By the Rev. Logh Richmond. ISmo. pp. plary industry;, accuracy, and learning, by a German from Paris mentions, that Edouard Frere, while st|ay- roform ; he finds that life apparently extinguished by v90. The Same.The Dalnrmon's Dan?bter. ISmo. pp. 182. By the Rev. LeghBichmond. The Same.A Primary Grammar of the English Langui^e. By SimonKert. A. M. 12mo. pp. 68. Phlnney, Blaketnan Si Mason. Love and Penalty: Or Eternal Punish mei>t consistent with the Fatherhood of God. By Joseph P. Tnompson, D. D.12mo. pp. 858.. Sheldon & Co.History of Latin Cbrbtianity. By Henry Ha"t MUman, D. D. Piene Napoleon Bonaparte appears again in author-—In a late discussion in the Frenoh Senate, it wae . scholar, Dr. Mullach, The Greek type displays the carbonic acid or anesthetic st bstarces can be. restored stated that the great telescope voted by the Constitu-putting 'n . FrioKe, 01 'wiB of a v' Tbo*gh ah Beries, Ma believes c becoming tbat it mir knows <i4l i e more, r nossi of r-r big hiai- 1 worthy ir• Mswtini n*. rule and d tbat-uray ,eass«*f 5 an tan Orr>o thoegb ntt by.tbe'ro*n o w i t l h new-tails.' ^-Tbe' i wefl-kee London c" Amot to the K havi g q' tune ar»iv bim.' Tb ary terms Itte tetde be eensib that L" w o f P * T i U I- m the C into th idated '•« yenrg mi veni'e w>ing at Dieppe, tbe past Summer, has painted a largeusual excel"ence of the series, the Latin translation of picture, containing twenty-five figures, which is anjm- by the inhalsrion of oxygea . This would seem tothrough ary ppec:fic property as thrpagh their constit-deteriorated so much that it would require $3 000 to put them in good condition, or $16,000 to replace them, It was said, also, that there were certain observatieta made by Arago which it was very desirable topubliah, and that as to the building of a telescope after the me-s—M. AJphonse Milne-Ec wards has given, in thespots might influence the phnets..pcriptionofa large number of fossil crustacea lately found by him in the sands of Beauchamp, near Meaux—General SchuVert has communicated to the Aoada- my of Sciences of St. Petersburg a determination of tha —The new coloring matter, fachsine, so called from figure of ihe earth, based on tbe principal measure- able painting, which has nothing in it to dazzle th* eye the floweiruchtia, which is'.obtained by super-oxidizing ments of degree*; be believes that it is an ellipsoid or, stir the" passions of the spectator, but which never- aniline by boilirgit im*h- a metallic hi-chloruret, has with three axee. or, in other words, that not only the been found to be so liable to fade ihat it is not of much meridians are ellipses, but that the equator is also a*• • •••••«n theEs»enoeofMicbaue $ 96,:•, !. $d 00^ Kltro-Be»zitift ratified, orand 1625.',ciaticn w lesri ena word to> * 16'•-vau to it :Coal T^r..Crude Oil....;...... Refined O i l . . . . . . . . . . BenzineCrude Muro-Benzine—Mr.- Maximovitch is publishing a work on tbe Flo- M.Paiisel. frcm coal carrhd to its tenth power we ra of the A moor, entitled Primilia Flora Amurcnsi*\••••*»>•...0 01,.'.0.02...ft 10 Vt<il«t & Caraaine Aniline..6 00 ...0 20 it,ose Faohsine, pure and in...0 56 powder .....320 00—A project is on foot to make a special magnetic ear- vey of Western Russia; it will be a work of several years.have gold; the diamond it/to come.wbich is the most important botanical work of tho time. »• :Common Auiliuo...........3 69iern coast of the Caspian Sea are the remains of exteo- representatives of numbers. Tbey have instruments five ancient pUn'a< ions. He proves this by the testi-/with the bead and maudibliis bent down towards the tail, and the hind paws croieed over the mandibles, andplace of gutta-percha, but from twenty to thirty perIt had a hollow on the top, and was probably used aswood, Chief Engineer of the United States Navy, af erulongeerieB of experiments in the Brooklyn Na\-y- stiuctlon is $1,156,000,000, of which $718,000 000 badVosgea. Tbe bama has been used on a farm, where be has been in the habit of carrying loads of sixty to sev-pi .do also .'r>i though fa*oeot. of it can be mixed with, gu ta-peroha without—There are 6,760 miles of railroad in operation ba France, and 3,450 more in procesa of construction. Tho total sum expended and to be expended lu their C0»-••v• sasHMmmmwww.fultonhistory.coma s *f 