 1 ! 'i '•«mt>'<fCook. In preparation for the coming contest 107 Amount BarJryany, the Hungarian patriot, who was Ufficto, wa* arrested for manstealing. He was the copies of thi* paper bave been sent for.No.of Teach era.T(7 25 JU 85i v o Brooklyn..... . . . . . . . 891Amount paid for. Teachers' Wog«s. $80jt57 418,78474 3,385 39 7J146 1481,184 96 114,484 73 84,92883195,662 8019,247 17 16,72181Averageamount per Teacher., $393 13 8M39 211 59 204 18 89* 98 292 68 84583483 21 841 67 800 74 85577WSi;*>•*a&&iitt$a>({ol!.•:••>;".'-'^6J- 'OESa.n""Vfsfc&frtrWi^anhonor, ui jo&riarth) eventual t k # o f i institutioi hope todWlWTXlT*Y.—WJ tho cold & done, in r .contrary,1 themonth mothers t*tioottfau. Waiter, in stand the < slaughter < city block snatched1- JFWaltering whoOprng sumption,Wy at wor just closed. But on fj Crown frou leigv, wiihfell might upper stree east blast •* road, andp Yesterday morefrosts ceding day.But if th, their usual country fri< themerry,; per,andta< kiss that < slVgbing i Mbbawk al tricta, froi whote enn ber. Cbietryaleigh-i ment, deiig are young; ter so mucl beaming fr such case, iof the part made raoias crimson, as yonmayw experience' ,'&i _*at women's souls im-ide their booies; and that notmeinAmerica: Ididnotwanttobeblamingyouconstantly,whiletherearesinsenoughinmyown Maddenpaidtht>titwasnotfortbemanonaccountofComparedwith1857(tbolastfullyearreported), thereaveragetoapointbelowtherequirementsofanefii- hasbt-tnanincreaseintheamnctntpaidtotheteach- tnexcessof$12,l0oovertheamomtapportionedIf.It m'I1i(aim ) Democrat, has been appointed Surveyor of Logs«ndLumber. Tbeappointmenthavingbeenridiculed notgounrebuked. IdidnotknowthatIhadbeenBO greesvoted,onMonday,theetimesforanoldtariffsobteryed by the consblidation, rather than the Bdbdi- vibiou, of existing diotricts. •'.,'"- . ' .'. • ;ti» r!I£ahot by tbe Austrian* a few years ago. His property principal tool for abducting the Jewish boy Mortara was eonfiecared and sold at auction, and these articles from his parents..werepurchasedbyanAmericanwhohappenedtobe aa Austria at the time- Tbey are very magnificent, **adeof gold, with handles of onyx, set with tur- ^uoiaes.—A prize skating match came off at Rochester last—"The wants of the South"—a Protective Tariff. Tha • it all there is of it.—JohnWextworthofTheChicago Democrat discourses of " Judge Douglas's etrength at Charles- ton, SBclaimed by his friends":CiTlSa. Albeuvvided for will-be retained. acquisition cf rudimentary science aa may be brought INSTITUTION FOR THE BLIND..•:i\ H AUaioi.'movement. Hisflaeattoogao andsuavity of* ' vtanaer also secured him a prominent posidoa among oftenerthan once a week, The Ledger will never be before which the Democratic party h»* always succumbed."Balanceonhand,Oct.1,1858 Amount received from Honey* op-Bural Diat'ta. $JK),60753M4.266 86 132-6 63 01U.1U049 414.062 72era fool lo an office involving the discharge of ditfi- co<t and delicate duties, they will have none but them- selvestoblameiftheyfailtoreceive substantialbene- fitc from uubts committed to such hands. Tue resalt infcuohca*e, however inopportune or sincerely to be lamented,wouldnotinvalidatethesystemunderwhich tbe election took place, or render its appropriate ad-•-•:• slantic, and the crying »in of a man-etealing people khall —Every Northern Sham Democratic member of Con-m ft.• his present political relations to tbe South. Here it is, Hsreh 2,1819:bility.—On Monday a largs delegation of the Democracyiferent members expressed their opinion asto whowas the choice of the Republicans of this State, and with- outanyexceptionitwasinfavorof Mr.Seward. Mr.o' the various villages in the State are included in this,, To*aK.......i.cal^uktion, it becomes obvious tbat the,pupils in the The number of|School Districtsin the State in 1849 purely country districts are alreadyv reduced on an was 11,397; ID1859,11.621.tbe collation of reports, arid the apportionment 01 moneys, would bedoBe for letm than $75 per year. This, for the 908 towns, into which the State is divided, would give ansggregate expenditure of$68,100, being?:'II1tbose in dilapidated condition, does not appear in the Money f, Apportioned, TempleofLiberty,andoverwhelmallinacommon aboveexhibit. Thismaybemorecorrectlyapprer FromCommonSchoolFund....A 1 „ n n n f l A ELECTION AND DTJTT OF TRUjSTEXS. $150,000Wi•Wfi, ~accomplishment. So- C. Trevetyen is a powerful-andoriginal writer. His letteis in The Lotdon Titties, guests of Ohio hud left for Cincinnati. It was, how-2u6,390 readily traceable to the fact that many of the pupils re- classification, attendance, and study, such as our citi- 851,533 sort to tbe school for the express purpose of preparing zens have not been accustomed to endure, and which,5 • .rn far allowances. Tbe Mephistopbelea of tbe ofSae waa tbe Rer .m y Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Minnesota, and Iowa, which both sexes falls;much beneath that paid for similar ser- of obsei^ation, enable me to speak in renewed terms achieved; and ho'd to it merely the relation which tho•:'.$882,314Oi378,416 45 177 9fl 1,402,28356............$2,122,010 674•••« ssss.sa •Js«»« •«•«•«—r*~*'t<«fc7.'*:'Acxm&/'7zi'y:1t•yt1». —>-PERSONAL.•Daft M...foraperiod^Bornefickleblastoffortune swept Mr | Moore baeV «tmong the mountalos of New>ment,andLtanti-Cplbi)els'W^l$*tt^8^tKMarUn, Sid-ney ProphAte, and Brenor Prophfete, Haytiens ooTdpro-,*';.111,11840;>•-;«,.ft?#.ler -ehoo' Appejstus........'.'...".For Cok>»«^ bcboola...............V i . Forexpen»e*«>(f*;cbr«l Houfea,vJitr | w• ^p^pJ*S'"w^aw * ^ - I * * * *of0«d."TboedvorofTfceindependent Democrat, anymentionofSlaveryinbisbookspublishedin *f Concord, himself a gradmte of Dartmouth, says America. In a letter to Tke Watchman and ReJUctor,dit»tiictB In its estimation, tbe number might be mate- dicates hnmirtakabiytbe deep interest felt by our citi-IfcatDr. Lotd is insane, said ha* been for years. «M3owe>-of tbo Southern papers are reporting a teaching story about a neglected daughter, of Mrs. Lydia Maria Child- Thestory isbogus, as lire, Chill 1MS never bad a daughter or -eon. She wrote the m Mother's Book," but never was a mother,- is the ssaiborof"TheFamilyNurse,"batneverhadaPOLITICAL.a>for the proper regulation of its.duties. i\ 'Least of all should there be a dispos tion for change, interests of the State. Tbe fact that one-thi^d of tha quired from those in previous years, renders it impos- UDlePS sometbrng better than the ddubly-cxploded sys-O* —Tbe no«t astonishing Western hunter was Lord 6ore, wbo remained nearly three years on the Plains, sad tbo plateau of tbe table lands between the Sierra Jiadre and Sierra Nevada. His retinae consisted of thirty men, sixty hones, large baggage and provision trains, tuns of ammttmtion, and $10,OOQ worth of im- proved firearms.yews!;io each district is 79$. Tbe average number Teachers' wogeeLibrarit-s and School apporatua..95,085 61 299,294 36156.326 3 action.. It is idle to suppof-e that the duties incident to 724,292 4 the visitation of schools, the inspection of teachers,%ftoa>enanInfivehundredwouldobjecttoanywoman —ThePariscorrespondentofThe tendon Court>•••••••Citiee- ....$1,713,86126."1,708,247 56J* **flU, 111., were gathered at a »ocial party, at the Cen- as it were, is tbe beautiful asd glittering mass beneath which it disappeared, leavinc not even the this aud indistinct outline undertreville Exchange, an old gentleman who w a s subject tbe velvet of tbe Imperial robe to show that it still existed."niture; &.c:—The Douglas friends in Ohio have expressed muchjoy over the result of the recent Democratic State Con- In 1857vention in Indiana, but it would appear from the fol- In 1858 (9montha). For district quotas, as portable Rural Districts. For pupil quotas, as per table 16295.123 99 For pupil quotas, for Indians8I S . ^ 2£ For'libraries, aa pertable415,704 13 ducing the number to one. I am persuaded that where proper dbcretion is exercised in the selection, a-of Essex and Hudson Counties visited tbe residence ofInlC59....! In 1858.. ..I•• • •te<Tbe efficiency of our Public School System is, in the springing from thie source have done more toward re-to spells of walking in bis sleep, after going to bed, Jailintoaslumber(lasontnambtUaJ. Hearosefrombis bedattiredinnothingbutaririrt,andwalkeddirectly among those wbowere participating in tbe scenes ofCities. $470,402 60851,999 41 440,96175846,199 8755,00000 1,80761siogle individual can discbarge the dc|ty with greater benefit to the school, and more satisfactorily to the dis- trict,than the larger number. If, as inthecaseof canaltfficers, trusteeswereprohibitedfromtheem- ployment of their immediate relatives,®, fruitful source ofdiseatiefactionwouldberemoved. Jealousieshewould"willinglygivehidwholesalarytohavethe * "festivity. Tbe snrprMc was laid to be, more aetonish- cup pars from -him." After Mr. Sherman hod an-jmgthanagreeable.-- nounced his withdrawal beseemed altogether a changed•havenofellowshipofanysortorkind."Heexhonor-ates his publishers from the false accusation of keepingback patt of the truth hi bis books. H e adds: " I f anythink me capable of double-dealing, I doubt not thatthey judge me by themeelves, and from such personsesteem is not desirable. I do not, therefore, regret theloss of it. I have this much to say to all who respectballotsin.favorandfouragainetelectingbyStateCon- subdivition,rtquiringnolittlefirmnessonthepartof caueeofeducationinthelasttenyears,sofarasit town,itcanexertnoextendedmfluenoeuponteacbers. vention. The motion was afterward made unanimous. Commissioners successfully to resist them. The aver- can be influenced by pecuniary expenditure: . Deptndeit for eslection upon a limited constituency,country, but I shall not ppare your nation hi future. I his nome, but beoaupe be was the very embodiment of —Kiss Swisebelm, the editress of The St. Cloud shall remember that my voice echoes beyond the At^ the principles of the party.cientand healthy organization, i n the estimation of ers, curing 1869, in cities, of |34,626 72, in tbe rural for salaries of tbe School C"omrnisaionera. the Superintendent, the educational progress will be dihtri* tt>, $36,444 22; for libraries; an increase in cities It woujd not be regarded as an arrogant assumpaon t oshe rep&ft that women have as much right to employ- fuBy adopted a citizenof your Republic, but findiugthatWhig,-whowaselectedasaKnow-Nothing!The number of school-houses in the rural districts isreportedat11,318;beinganincreaseof43-overthe' inthecities,and$1,23540intberuraldistricts;for tersexceedingthatofpersonswhoseexperienceiamentsinwhichthepayismorethantheworkasmenyouallowmetobeoneofyourselves,Iwillspeakoutin England, and in my heart he lives."many years ago. stood upon a ' high mountain' and did tbe same thing. Bjooks quotes Scripture to justify Slavery."—TheNorfolk (Va)HeraldspeaksofMr.Toombs'sbite blustering in tbe Senate in these irreverent terms: echcol-bonses; and an increase of 63 in those built of In 1859tion of some mode of supervision analogous to that' , ' , , _ , , now in operation. It would be utterly futile to aeekRuralDiatricta. foraccuracyinschoolstatisticspaseingthroughnearlyt^g* 8 athousanddifferentbandsintheirtransittothisDe-1.956,370 01 partment. The beneficial influence exerted by Com-Journalsetsatrest'thequestionoftheEmpressrernonncing hoops He says: "Wecanthereforeafilnn,uponourconacienoeandhecor,that$9 hieing the wo»kof a Snrveyor-Genend.—Tbe Eev. H. T. Lewis, hue of La Grange, and the reputed author of the "Harp of a Thoostad Strisgv, Sperhs o' Just Hen Made Perfec'," is at pceeent running on the Memphis and Charleston Rail-t'» xoad as eondnctor. In filling this position, the nsvcr--w•eavd'gentlemanisbutactinginaccordancewiththe pex»aii.nofthatwhichremained. NothingcouJdbemoregraceful •dviceof hisphjaJcian, who recommended "running and more dignified then tbe flow asd fall of her Majesty's gar- -lit ops a railroad constantly as conductor" as a cure for ment* ; but, at tbe same time, who can say that any falling off ta there 7 As tbe b* antiful asd gracioua lady took her seat upon tbe fcroscbitis. throne she fuls so well, the uniform, the sword, say, one-half of—Last week, while tbe youth and beauty of Centre- tbe veiy person of tbe Emperor became lost to view—imbedded, in a farmer's fire.'"ningtonwasexceedinglyreethws,andremarkedthatbyJohnL.Rcbinson,TJ.S.MarshalofthatState,that Anexpenditurethuslarge,devotedforthemostpartthereaTetwosidestothestory-Iuspeakingofthe totheerectionoftubstantialedifices,andfarnishiogand Mississippi, to Virginia, to arrange for a Southern orntood, aJ.o, thai if any atodenta are excinded for want of drew his attention to some remarkable documents in Confederacy, it b*yn:and as simple in their operation as practicable, must be report of attendance at ecbool for the rural ciatricts, it its.existence, and is accomplishing all that is practica- clearly apparent. ' ' •'•'r**"*iAe reqaitite aid aoey be p*oonred for Mr. So ward—it beingthe career of William IK., when Chevalier Bunsea^..VM******'THCBSIMYyPEBItirXESr 2,y ^v . • - • :•fe"-».f-6,846 39 canonlybomadeteappreciatethattbsofficeofSchool* 9^07 58 CoxbmisMoner is reaWy **»*• of the most importaoti :SSEW&*&*-—J<nrsey where he bwcame the editor of Tke fVarre* mited by the Wt ' icoMpirtUjy againt General Geffrard. ANNUAL KEFOKT OF THE SUPEEtNTEND- sites," building, hiring, purcbae- .,„?. m 0i > irg, reptti'tng. end nwToinjri—u"•>; ••:within the> giftrrif^ey will fillXwith men,of ex- perience and capastty, instead of mting it as small change wbererrnh to nay off. some iisappomted ae-i-fciwlfc** W of Dwtxnoath CoDetf* W WkWt Hew-Engtand will yet ** oowpelNd to Int oda<* fidelity whkhhei continued to display in the^defense of. Haytien having ended in .their aoquittal the President Mr. Yan Dycjjc, tie Superintendent ©if Public Instruc- For all oth«Tii.cidenCsl expenses.. 164,^22 VII UrJournal; which was pnb'isbed at Belyicfere. Tb« The tiaal which the ;Gb'y«rameni^^^t^;.''at Cape , ENT; QF PUBUQ Itf ST BUG CtON: \ fencea ou'houses, furniture, Sic. 440,W1 TO "®*:tBi'i'iuri Tbe•bikJren*&&grandchildren of thepres- Democraticprinciples,securedbhntheappoiotmehtof exiedthem,andtbeylefttheinlandtoproceedtoParis. tion hasjustmadebisannualreporttotheLegielature, Amountonband,Oct.1,1849...... 414.56Solt88,3BS72^pt^Whiooiet^bosays*nay!*^ *r* Wtotrodtioe IndianAsent forKansasTerritory. He exchanged General Clement 1Babout^46, tall and muscular. fromwhichwe learn that the-whole ni'nbeVofre- ?;;i ToUl^^..^.^Vi...i^ $2,K»{8>057 $2,033,93351 tionatetotbezeal,talent and faitbfdnese manifestedLieut.-Colonel Sdint-Martin is 38, and the others 26 ported School District* in the Stae, exclusive of cities, ^ • " I n should *b*a»«el,wa bo cowpeWed to sell thexoaolvee post -whicb he held at the time of his death. ' and 24 years of age. Tbey are pleasant-faced men, is 11,368;. being an increase of 4y during the pasit year,;..Total in cities-. : ,-•-'', -• •'•• ••'>; •' •'''*• ["•.>•:•• - ' - » /.Total in Stat*-. •...»•.$2,122 810 07 . in the discharge ofits duties—if tbey will second the.Mm*. u etTorts6tthe Commissioners to place the schools ia$4jl56,744 08 charge of truly competent teachers, bistead o f gtam-mU***hardertetiaomthanis*t* fcaowa, unless,indeed, thispositionforthatofRegistrarof theLand-Office, ad^ki-and as black as ebony. Tbey are stopping at the South result ng in part from a subdiviston of organized dis-sto bread and swflertber proper chastisement of their —The Rev. (3. H. Spurgeon indignantly denieeitheiUkmiik tim ft>r their rebel i«m against the Jjovernm-mt truth of the fUtement that he bad carefully avoided American Hotel, Houston street, and will sail in theIf the amount remaining on hand Oct. 1,1859 tat the bling sgainf t their refusal to licenee those whose chiefnext steamer to Havre.:actual payments for School purposes during the twelve just caorei for d!ssaiisf»ction be xemoved, ^but' the vious .reports of School Coninb'Stoners. ,As far. as months preceding: in the cities. $l,708;24r56, and m schools will vindicate in tbeir improv* d condUfoo, the—An advertisement of William H. Seward, as a man. His countenance was free from the ri^id ex- we know of (Mr. Hord) who id an open and avowed of the community in the welfare of the rising genera- psjment of tbeir wages when due, whioh usualiv I also submit, that outgoing Trustees should be' pro-U school-teacher in Georgia, is hardly congruous with pression which had characterized it for eight longweek?, and he laughed and talked as other men do. - though, r*vWed from The MiUedgerrdle. Journal of He looked as if relieved of a great and trying responsi-Douglas man. No ticket was ever made in the State tion. It adds greatly to the evidence thus adduced, grows out of the practice of extending the time of col- hibited from making contracts with teachers for terms <I WIS be ip»clon» Kad ooramodlou», ad*pb»d k> tbo •eoommod&tion round. During tbe evening, the party partook of a•fSO to 100 Kbolwft, Is two «cb>>ob). Tbo Hector, Mr. Wm. EL fine supper, at which he was toasted. The Senator all proper reepec*, but they will moat respectfully begItados be coimri binbhr recooom«QoW M * yonsf g»mUem»n of yetsafe,andwasnotgoingtodissolveyetawhile.,food flaorcl cbaiBcto> «sd dia<ioguiabed industry «od literary ao>(Tairtnwntg. B e win t*«ch tbe L*tin and. Oreeb Jsagnsfsi, thoo- —New-Haven papers mention the serious illness ofretie»l»adsrmcticaltoaihecuatic* logic,rbetorie,n«tormland JudgeCharlesJ.IngernolloftheUnitedStatesCoart. pledidnotdelegatetotheirrepresentativesthepower isapportioiiedtoeachcountyupontbebasisofits "eralin.tbeircharacterorcondition,outasacousutu- simplification. Tnerehasbeensomuchlegislative•woeb otlior braxebem »• mre Uftually Uagbt in Nortborn college*. TW eomiBon brajuebe* of e<3ac«vi'/n, spelling, i-vaaing, writing, t c , will, of c*si»e, be teogbc i s this ixutituiion. Tbe price of fcaMiscion wQl be Si 5, %"2t, or $30 according to tbe branches tugbr . Board maj bo bad La rovpeotable &miUe«,'at t i v n not exeeedicg $125. From tbe roapecUbility and acbnowled^ed bo«ltMop»t of tbe neighborhood, tbe cbeepoeao of board and tid- tton, and tbe qnarmeafiona of tbe Sector, tbe Trsateea feel war- jmnti-d m reeomn>esdisg tbia Infant eatabbabmeot to tbo attention •ftbepnbHc Persona diapoaed to aesd tb*ir cbOdrea win-enterdition from neuralgia in the stomach.—Mr. J. H. Siddons, a personal acquaint»nce of Lord Macaulay, eta*es that the reason of. the long dtlay which has taken place in the • publication of the twoadditionalvolumes of hishistoryistobefoundin his conscientiousness. A s he seldom liked to recall a syllable be had written, he was wont to elaborate thethem to Richmond to discbarge certain delegated truats, is reapportione'dxby the School Commissioners, among the counties in tbe State, except Cattarau^ua, Dutch- often overlapping each other, that tbe consequence has but the tending of Commissioners to South Carolina, the various district!*, in proporti >u to the persona be- ess, Greene, Hamilton, Kings, New-York, Putnam, not unfrequeotlv been,.that where a leak was thoughthas an exceedingly atar, deafgiittrrig tbe atadiea tbey wi*fa tnem to paraoe, i s order measure, prepared himself for the volume embracing State. Speaking of the missions from South CaroiinaU*MJ>witboat dcUj with tbe Treaaorer, Major Wllnam Alexan. fcuhject before be put pen to paper. He had, in aSTATE NOBMAI. SCHOOX.JThe report states that it is now the sixteenth year Ofwith more good, solid, sound Democrats upon it. W e gball support them all, unless after the Charleston Con- vention they refuse to stand upon the platform which wiil be adopted, and support tbe nominee wuich will there be made. A s w e said ia Convention, Douglas- ism, inside the paity, will trouble us no more."Fecti.ng taxes by special legislation, a practice to which Uie Superintendent strongly objects. '3Mr. Van Djck also renews h s remonstrance against tbe practice of lending the School Fund to, academies and other institutions of learning tliroughout! the StateTbe District Libraries, in intny parts of the State, are falling into disuse and decay. From 1,604,210 volumes 1,238,175 in 1853, tbe number had fallen to 1,402,253 volumes inof school commencing after tbe expiration of their own terms of office. Thoce to whom the care and custody of the schools is committed for the year, should have the privilege of selecting euch agents as they mav deem requisite for the best interests of the district. Without this privilege, responsibility as to the character of the school is wholly lost; wh le a change of teachers, though imperiously demanded^ can <^nly be made at tbe hazard of *ubjectiog the district J o litigation and damages. ConsiaeratiooK of propriety are wholly in- operative in restrainng-TTosteealxoml hiring teachers just as their own terms of service are] expiring, often to the sacrifice of the peace of the community and the•Boral pbflo*opby cbomUtn, g©otrap»iy, Engliah grammar, and He has been for some days lying in a very critical con- to act in such a matter as is now proposed. They sent population at tbe la*t censos. The sum thus receive J, " ent part of the educational system of the State." All tinkering of the system, with patch succeeding p^atch,**U*i©*ACAomt—Tb«trienim oftcfeoceM»mpectfally <n-farowd ih*t » prrrito jLademy b«s lately beea <*ubiuhoi la tboBrjjhborbood of Ksjox WUIl-ua XUx*nd*ur, Mr. WiflUm W*l*»r,•od CoL"WOB«m K Adain«, is Fntoam Ooaty, on * rite ob- ex-Gov. Rodman Price, on the banks of the Paseaictek>edXiomFrkBd*"Wmd.eaq.,sotf*rfromOuiw'i Forrr;mad River, East Newark, to meet Senator Douglas. TheWttl go Utoo-peifttioa tbo 19ti of tbo ApriL Tbo jLcudeatj odJ- Senator was in his happiest mood, aud shook hands all the Meoiminger nikeion to the Virginia Legislature,'Citiex. 3'8,054 849,273Rural Districts. 894,432888,902 |TotaL 1,2T2,486—Tlte Petersburg (Va) Intelligencer, speaking of fter, which will bo iw*dj fox tbe reoeotioia of Koaenta b j that day, says: " The Legislature will treat South Carolina with84,311 1858, and 1,360,507 in 1869.So far as the statement regards the school popula- THK TEACHERS' INSTITUTEStion m the cities of tbe Stare, it is merely a proximate Of the'various, counties have been generally well estimate. Tbe public money apportioned to jthem is attended during tbe past year. The report «saye: applied to tbe! schools by tbe municipal authorities, "The beneficial influences of these educational-gath-Sowftid, U Icte ftom Umon College, New-York from wbiob losti- responded, assuring the company that the Union was to be excused from acceding to. the wicked design of which being free to all residents, no enumeration of *erings hH8 become so generally felt and acknowl-tbecbildienwithintheircorporate1musiseither "edtfec'—theirutilityinconvejmginBtrpctionandmade or required. Bnt in the rural sections of the "awakening a spirit of emulation is so generally con-State it is otherwise. Two-thirds of the public money " ce^ed—that they are no loDger regarded as ephem- The whole buoy of school haws needs revision andherultrameninbreakingupthisUnion. Thetruthis, there is no other course for them to pursue. The peo-emporary destruction of the school. AMENDMENTS TO THE SCHOOl] LAWS.Georgia, or anywhere else, in order to break up tbis Union, was not one of them. When the people find it neceeeary to take action of tbis sort, they will select anotherclassofmenaltogetherfortheservice."•tween 4 and 2l| yoars of *»ge, reeident in each. Henoe Richmond, Bocaland, and Ulster, ha^e been repre- to be stopped, the rent bas iu reality been made worse. trustees are careful to enumerate each individual of sented at these" Institutes. The attendance at theae The provisions are in some cases ambiguous, in others)•I* . 'i'- •:/ •1 '• ''—The Lynchburghclear ten*e of the dangers that girt a Border Slavetbe required class; and the'terdency is rather to ex- ceed than fall short of the true number. For all pur- poses of comparison it is sufficiently a-curate; and if the reported attendance at schools was equally Correct, a reliable etaucard would be afforded by which to measure the proportion of those who fail to receivebenefit from the common school*.Aesuming the correctness of] the enumeration audInstitutes numbered 6,766 teachers, and the'expense to the State was $4,931.INDIAN SCHOOLS.The twenty-three bchools for Indian Children arecontradictory, and in very m*ny instances fall short inaccomplishing much that is desirable towardjriving thesystem harmony of purpose and action. When it isborne in mind that tbere are between twenty and thirtythousand Trustees in the S«ate, by whom the schoollaws are to be chiefly administered; and that they arenot all remarkable for intelligence orj astuteness, theobvious necessity of having uae laws cleaxty dennedVirginianin a prosperous condition. Ollhe•..."..appears, that of the 894,432 persons of school age thus ble to an nnceiraking so difficult and arduous as that room, tbey xnnat be from among thoa* Ia«t estored; Commnnioa- ihe archives of tbe Hague. He went to Holland to " Those States, South Carolina and Mississippi, in which a sent- rej.orted, 600,625 attended rchool during the-lHst year, which conbtitutes its distinguishing feature.- Since its ttoao directed tbiongn tbe medium of tbe Port-Office, in Eaton- iment unfriendly to tbe existing Federal Union has long prevailed; for a longer or shorter period. The reports sbo w 1,520 establishment it has graduated 1,1^0 pupils, the largerOND.TION OF THE SCHOOLS. . . Personal observation, and the concurrent testimony '<'' ten, to W » . H. Seward; Eectorof Union Acado«y, or to Wm. inspect them, and found much to induce him to alter have, no doubt, been encouraged by the juat indignttion which private schools, with an attendance of 44,395; bm this portion of whom bave rendered good service in tbe cf all familiar with the subject, enables me-.to express Tianaer, Secretary, or to Wfllfam XJexasder, Txeaanrer of tbe , hie preconceived opinions. The translation of these has been excited among <>nr people in consequence ol the Brown exhibit, falls Jar bhort of the real number, a* it. Nfew- auee of education. There is not a city, and scarcely u confident conviction that the past yejar has witnessedBoard of Tmateeo of Union Arademy, tbe pootage being d J y gmU, -will neefre prompt atendon. By order of tbe Tnuteea.papers, and Macaulay'e verifications of tbeir accuracy, Consumed eometime; and before he could shape theraid, and tbe temper errnced by our Legislature—^to obtrude their York, Troy, and Schenectady no private schools are a large village in the State, in which its graduates are a decided improvement in the scope and efficiency of pt-cn.iar views upon us, aud are seeking to band URin their cause. reported., while tbe same remark is applicable to tbe not occupy ing posts of respectability and nsefulne-is, < ur Common Schools. This has chiefly resulted from W e have greatly mistaken the predominant sentiment in Virginia, returns of several School Commissioners. The num- either as principals of public schoole"or as instructors he introduction of more competent teachers, joined to- WJLLIAM TOTtNEB, Secretary.'*—Sneh was tbe late Dr. J. A. Alexander's love of whole story to suit his judgment, he was seized with if tht.tr action or that of onr own Leginlature, so far an it may lead ber of pupiltt in attendance upon tbe academies of the in academies. That there may ha«e been individual mproved methods of instruction developed at thestudywhenachild,andbisabilitytoacquireknow- theaffectionoftheheartwhichobligedhimtosuspend anysanctiontotbeirpeculiarviews,canreceivetheindorsement Stateduringthelastreportedy*arwaeover30?000. <asesnotparticularlycreditabletotbeschooloradvan-Teachers' Institutes, andthroughthemediumof ledgewithoutassistance,thathewas,toagreatextent,hislaborsfromtimetotime.Stoopingmadehimofourpeople.AtaborderState,withalargeportionofour'Ifweassumetheprivatetchoo's,outsideofthecities, ageoustothepublic,isnotimprobable;yetacoinpar-Teachers*Associations.Thatgreatdetectsstillexist,cough, and coughing prostrated him.. Mr. Siddons be- Territory adjacent to the tiro moit powerful Free Statet in the to have taught o0,000 pupUs, lit would leave about ieon of i s graduates, on the score of .substantial worth is Pot in the least problematical; and though deficien- self-educated. A t twelve years of age, hading an Confederacy it would be difficult to convince them thai tbey bave £i;0,t00 perrons between tbe age of 4 and 21, in the snd usefulness, with those of our higher institutions of cies are easy of exposure, the application of a remedy Arabic grammar in bis father'e library, he commenced lieves that the history will be completed by Sir not a much larger stake in the Union than those so far removed rural district*, not in attendance on the sohoob?. learning, will, it is behoved, result largely in favor of is far more chfl^ult. If, with our present experience, studying it, and at fourteen had so mastered the lan- Charles Treveljen, the Governor of Madras, a man of from tn border. Virginia will not, for any trivial cause, or in obe-g«»ge that he read the Koran through, in the original. Be then proceeded with other languages (the Persian,iGreek, and Latin), in the ordinary course of study, saadwaswell acquainted with Hebrew beforeheen teared the teminary as a student. From Hebrew he proceeded to Syriao, Chaldee, and the cognate tongues. The acquisition of the modern languages of Europe was mere play to him. All of them in which there wereanytreasuresofliterature,theFrench,Spanish,Italian, German, Danish, otc., he was master of. Heenlarged mind and liberal views, who.for tweutj-Sveyears was his constant associate, occupying the samehoute, and receiving the impress of Macaulay's miad.schools for a series of ) ears is as follows:1857. 54,434 53,716117,507 179,611 221.C56 225 213842,137also afforded instruction to 2,168 undergraduates, whohad not grown-with our gro wth, and entwined itself in its present form, with all t i e partialities, prejudice*, aud aep lations of our people—a system could be doubtless devised more homogeneous in its character, and'rising by regula*- gradation from mere elementary studies tocordially acknowledged by telegraph, and a properIKthem. For stores of knowledge, belles-fettree, his- Lord "William Bentinck, the Governor-General, a response drawn up to be forwarded by mail. Its re- tin'iO was 7 3-5 months.-this variety of languages was the literature contained talents and his enlightened views under the notice of1-**'"'• jjorfges who knew him well, to bave bad no superior.'naJKUite*thirty-three seeends.ment, tbe Dispensatory weoid indicate tbe compound thaa: ' Take one part of Berry asd two pans ef brandy—mix—*haketo the Convention wfth the hnphed, if not open threat—' take$961,895 14$885 48tained in its present circumscrioed condition, in the heart of agieutcity; !much more than instruction hathose primary branches which constituted tbe meager fare imparted by the schools of other days, and still emulated ra various••^feepresentcentury..Headoptedprintingashispro-j^sion in early life, aud became rtrj popular sRnongtab hrethren of the era't, by erganiziag the Trades'Douglas'smostardentsupporter*. ButthequestionU,aretheyThe following is a summary of the/ flnanoial repoits was not excited. If the people eleot either a knavedelayed in its ham*. «f 1835ai*d1837—he represented hisDistrictinCon- —The Portlandportiooed by Ktete tSuperlutend't. Prceeeds GospelaridSchool Lands. AmountraisedbyDistrictTaxes.. Amount ral«cd by It «Je 8HJ»......Tsvk, a position which he filled with much acceptance t» the powers that then were, by exhibiting great zealwhich is a virulent poison to the humaX system. This hex last voyage* to this port are General Monetae €9e* ] of persons have been poisoned from eating k.fnation*; Imt the fact has not yet been adduoed as anargument in favor of abohahing constituent asbemblias. extend to all the benefits of thorough common school& exeeatitng the Fugitfy* Bbrrt h»WtAfter he had. *+.. .,If miaiakes in this line have been herotefpre com* education—we must indoctrinate our youth with the—The Burlington. " Extra-Billy Smith's" name:• • • » • • Anbnra............. Hud Kon....... I I I I H Poug]ik«epei«. . . . ] . . Bnflttlo ••••*»The number of State appointments in this Institution' fairly within the scope of common-school mstructioo. Thusmuchatleastiepracticable;andthoughitmayRavtlceye tells the history of "Hia dawn was under tbe aw*y of Gen. Jackson, when Mr.thusamounts to 175, of which number. 146 were in attend- not embrace all that is either desirable or attainable, itW . T. Barry was Fostsuuter-Oeneral, and tbe few first round* on'bis ladder of hia fame wrre pontel, and carried along with them"TheDouglasmenclaimforblmamajorityupontheunitbal- Rochester.....•*•f«• 101will, in my estimation, b e found preferable in practice to many ol the sublimated theorieato which the subject ofcommonschoolinstructionhasgivenbirth.bin. yon moat; nject him if you dor".' The Cincinnati Enquirer,—&*&, Brownia " Secretary of State," barely gently—cork, and set away for sse.' Law bad not then guarded one of tbe most rabid Douglas organ* in the Northwort, gives him ers, of whom at least 2,060 were females. In theto his Arcadian naka at Warrentos { afterward settled into theGovnnor»hip of Virginia j has since decUued to a member of to be depended upot ? These Conven tons are treacherous things,Ccogwea." " -*-1£r.Bonnerannouncesthatifheisnotburnedon\of the Public Schools of the State] viz: '. ascciFTs. [! '••'•' GH<ea.provement in that which involves the perpetuity JoftaOovertmeot under which they live. . , . ,,, i „ :Tbe pioblem is still to be solved, whether the Amer- ican of tho succeeding generation shall hold the same preeminence in general intelligence whiou he has hith- erto enjoyed; or whether he shall be excelled in this reejHXJthythenatives ofotherdimes,whominclina- tic*» or ill-fortune may throw npoa our vbores. If wemm. «t)oTamai*nyHaQpoliticians,andfortwo terms—thoseWW fress. AM* reward for bis 'services to the party, Mr. mndb indignation, contradicts a report that the Hon. the public against eating partridges at this season, M Amount lee'd fm, all other oooroea. 19,618 59(Me.)TemperanceFolkappointed;himUnitedStatesMarshalforNew- NealDowbadfallenintohabitsofintemperanoeand tbeyareobligedtofeedonlaurellest,fheextractof,my^ - r_:- •J. - •. - • , - -' '" . • • . ' ; • • * . ' ' • - . •' *"'-•and apparently the strongest candidate is often ruthlessly slaugh- tered on the altar of expediently. Mr. Douglas most expect tbe unitedoppositionoftbeSouthernStatea,andthatiaonoppositieaJournal, withintoxication.—Among the passengers in the steamer Karoak on extract impregnates the flesh of the bird, ond numbersdience to a mere sentiment, put so much in jeopardy by rashly seceding from the sisterhood of States."—The invitation tendered by our Legislature to the Legislatures and Executives of Tennessee, Kentucky,Tbe reported number of children attending thepubKo the Normal School. In addition to its graduates, it has we could couTLence our school system dc novo—if itThe abeeoce of Sir Charles in India may delay thework still longer, but there is no doubt of i*s uhimate and Ohio to visit this State was sent to Columbus on 4 monthH and less than 6 182,654115.832 (graduates, may be deemed as even more conclusive in178,069 behalf of the utility and efficiency of the school. That the highest educational attainment*. But this could 239,708 thenumberofundergraduatesshouldbesolarge,is onlybedonethroughGovernmentalrequisitionsastounder the signature of " Indopbiles," published during ever, in*tant)y forwarded, and was received wi'h everyFridaybytelegraph; butbeforeitreachedthere,tbe2monthsand1«B»than4.....205,971 Lean than 2 mouths 191,175Totals 832,785The number' attending the public schools in 1859 is theIndianmutiny,madeadeepimpressioniaEn- markofenthusiasm. Itcouldnot,however,beac- dividedasfolo^vs:themselves to teach in the Common Schools only; for being incompatible witb that volition of choice and manyofwhichtherangeofinstructiongiventothe freedominactioninseparablefromfreeinstitutions,gland. It was through a series of similar letters, pub-cepted, the arrangements of the Kentucky and Tennes- see members for their return borne being such as toi& tilt) C*t**?fl« ••••>•••»••••••••'••••••••*••••••••#•* m a*50|)r08 -undergraduate course is, in the present condition ofthings, lolly adequate. Of this class of teaohers thewould not be tolerated by the community.In despite of glowing encomiums upon foreign sys-lished in a Calcutta paper in 1833 and 1834, bearingphilosophicalpbilologian. Hisprincipalinterestinall thesamesignature,thatSirCharlesbroughthisgreat renderiti©practicable; Theincitation,however,waainstitution is sending annually into the service of theStateanaverageof120.Thegraduatesforthelast tems^andevenofattainableimprovementsinourown,BVLL'S H: quitewarm< had a favora larly for the with a viewmgton Marki bat the advaz an advance o: advance of pi on Wedneediwere refused whichwasa day,afterthe wasapretty' empty at an e clear before seen the dro close of the 'airy attribut.-c forthelasttw came from, an Market reportMrs. Ellen Poetical Rcadi ciaiion, at Clii pleasing the la evenings since•••Mr. and M:Chapel,amoM ings from Shal These artists rjTax Ousel gant thing to 1 constantly out constantly sen injroareelvee-' it does not manostrums, drui orators, ready'; stomachics, an< solid, and vapxassenSi.'C*h thathathisretindividual trtr. ever wiH exce< There is, ^ •bom ft. Wl and fa»ing hi needsmust,w:doctor oorselvi Itittheounce But of the ina r e ]was not, however, a mere linguist or polyglot, but ayear numberea 63. our citizens will still claim the r ght of educating their children in theirown way; and to an extent oommen- The current term commenced on the 19th of Septem- euratewith the peculiar notions of propriety enter- torkal and antiquarian, he is said, by competent friendtoprogress. HisLordshipatoncetookTre- ceptionaidedgreailytothehilarityand|goodfeeling Theteachersemployedwithinthelast'two:years berlast.•Thewholenumber,ofpupilsnowinattend- tainedbyeachindividual Impressedwiththiscon-w e r e :"'iW'i : Females..Totoi*have been issued to persons desirous of entering the wants and wishes of the class for whom they are more —Mr. Bennett was evidently "taken under the ber employed' in teaching inj the State, as many Institution for the Deaf and Dumb. An extension of immediately designed, will allow. The. greatest boon 'imagination. H e preached discourses magnificent for safe reduction to practice. It has tended much to pre- shed"—to Uee an Albany political phrase—by Senator teachers are employed in more than one district exch, term bas, during tbe same time, been granted to 25 that can be bestow ed upon them, is to furnish them 4>' imageryanddiction,evincinginthem,ashedidalsoin ventthesettlementofindependentplantersandothers Douglasduiinghislastvisittothiscity. anda*e,therefore,moretbanjoncereported. The pupilswhohad.notyetcompletedtheircourseofu> withaccomplishedteacheis,whoarefamiliarwiththef*"wonderful tenacity of memory for words and things,INSTRUCTION OF DEAF MUTES.During the year 1859, thirty-seven new appointments cipline, aa extensive in tbeir scope Of study—as theHe possessed most extraordinary intellectual gifU, a ernment, and in that capacity he established intimaey—The resident Democratic Committee in Washington are already engaged in preparing for the Pretjidential"'I '"lS&Qi17,88626.4U•hsguiehed for power of logic and vigor and fertility of misrake—right in principle, perhapa, but impossible ofThe above statement probably exaggerates the num-ordinaryconversation,bismasteryoverbisowntongue, inIndia. IthasbeenstatedthatMacaulaycarrieda' jdways using therightwordsintherightplace. Dr. fortune of JE50,(XM) home with him. Heneverre-"numberofteachersemployedatthethesametime structibn. Thewholenumberofpersonsholdingun- mostapprovedmethodsofinstruction,andwhoareiHodge, no mean judge, it will be allowed, said, in the hearing of the writer, that he had never, in Europe or America, met with a man superior to Dr . A. in variety•of combination of powers and extent of learning.. —The -Boston friends of Charles Sumner sent him a •woantifnlpresentonNew-Yea^sDay. Itwasasetof knives, forks, and spoons, which formerly belonged totionfromtheIXrh Dibtrict (Westchester, Rocklandceived r-o much as £30,000 during bis whole tenure ofoffice in India. He was certainly not very free in his Salmon Skinner and Albert R. Learned arethe alter- expenditure in Calcutta, nor liberal of hospitalities, nates.but be could not have spent less than £2,000 to £3,000a year as a Member of Council.Inthecities....... In tbe rural distiiota. 2,527 •••«*»••*•*•• .12,182 ! 14,659velyen by the hand and made him a Secretary to Gov- which marked the Cincinnati festival. ' r- • • j .'•' 1 8 5 8 «'j 3;represented; and of these one third have m attendance on Ihe school more than tbe>r regular quota.neighborhood colleges from which the great mass of our thriving- population must continue to graduate—as perfect in their details, as thorough in their mental dis-with Lord Macaulay, then a Member of Council and aa eonTpreben*iv*ness of mind, and was equally dis- Law Commissioner. Macaulay's Code was a grand campaign, and sending out political documents.•• ••*•*•••••«...••••..1—IntheCityof Modena,onthe2dofJanuary, Father Feletti, inquitdtor of the clerical court di Santhe25thofJanuary,underthePresidencyofJohnTbefollowingtableshowsthenumberofteachers employed, the whole amount paid for teachers' wages, and the average amount per teucher per annum:.thoughthestatutehasnorestrictionsastothenumber acquisitioncfknowledgethanthosewhohavepre- ceded them: But w e should open to" them n e w—^The Hard Delegates to theCharleston Conven- forsixmonths"ormore,is:expiredappointments,accordingtotborecords of this capableofleadingpupilsfromthesimplestelementsof Department,is268. Thesearenotallinattendanceat knowledgethroughthebranchespertainingtoasound tbis time—the last quarterly bill making charge only Engltt-h education.for ihemaintenance of 2^0. The stipulated price per • with all that we can do,we ehal still find the in-and Putnam) are William Radford aud Frank Burdick.—Stirred up by T H E TKIBUWK, the Republicans ofSt. Clair, Scbqyikill Co., 1'enn., organized a Club on about $385 per annum.,who may be appointed, the appropriation made by the studies, demanded by the present condition of society, Legislature will be deemed an expresnon of opinion in of which they may avail themselves with advancingthis d rection; and hence only tbe number thus pro- years; and furnish them with such facilities for thelot in tbe Charleston Convention, and argue from this, that he willNew-York.... ......1,875resulting profits. Mr. Barry arsa a gentleman of fine powers as a be taken up aa the most available candidate. 1 he Douglas TJtica. . . . . . . 47Vnta-j. About twenty entered for the race, which public speaker, a genial companion and a gentleman. But he bid ByToc«»tte ,t... . . . . . . 64 men,and,wehaveseenitstated,Judge Douglasbhnself,openly Oswego »*•*•* 47 was for a distance of four miles and a half. The first an appetite which wrecked hia intellect aud wroaght bin ruia. declare that be is the only man tbe Democratic party can elect. Tr»»y.« • • « » • * . 0 6'the part Of tnis Institution is in contemplation by the spring of ihe pieeent century, bas hot yielded its fullBoardofManagers, wbicb,itishoped,willresultin fruits;buthere,aselsewhere, "aswesow.soshall. fc&e was won by Amerzo Cooley—time, nineteen Were it desirable to duplicate him for tbe Head of the Depart- So that to all intents and purposes, tbey present their candidate 8cbf jiocludy..• • • •'• • XO33,*24uO 278 19 securing to its inmates tho benefit of purer air aud w e reap." The greatest amount of practicable educa-PAIITIIIDOES.—-TheSpringfieldRepublicancautionsUntitled Document1859, total. 18S8, total9.W19 775 881801 11,584 above stated was, .! I 10 months and overhave alto, with limited exceptions, engaged in the bu- 52,5*5 siness of teaching; and whose in8uence, more widely 58.539 extended though not more salutary than that of them ••rwsm TBE PVBJLIjO SCHOQLS. j tt>TLihnrrka.t i l aff 0,0*3 M W,T»00 ipgtbeerrorattberextgeneralelection. Ifthepublloclose ofUbe j ear),-.be deducted, it will give, as the requisite i« an alleged " cheapness"—)Ot on'y will allpracticable,saysttereport,theDepartmenthasex- Uie^uraldirtricis,$1,966,37001,dratotalinthe^tate, wifdomofenfferiogthisofficetoremainwithoutls- erteditsinfluencetopreventthe nnltiplicationiof of$3,€64,61757—aliberalityofexpenditurethatin- gislatiyeinterference,savesofarasstaybenecessarytricts, and the addition of others not included ia pre- 1,..-•hesaysthat, having no sUveholders in England^he'deemedthat he would have been beating theairtopreach on the nubject of Smvery, and adds: • " I dofrom my inmost soul detest Slavery any where/andeverywhere, and although I commune at the Lord'stable with men of all creeds, yet with a slaveholder I Districts or in State Convent! >n was decided by nine ber of pupils, is a continual provocative to efforts at in 1869, will afford an Idea of tbe advancement of the to favor. Circnmscribed within ihe 1; mits of a single)rially lessened with decided benefit; to the educational: zens in the cause of pnbUc education. >;;/ Tbe djffeience in the forTji of the reports now re-—At the meeting of the. Republican State CentralCommittee, on Tuesday, the voteuupon the question school moneys is apportioned equally among all the «ble tomake a full comparison of present and former tem of Town Superintendents can he presented firwhether the Delegates'to Chicago should be elected by districts, without regard to »ize, property, or tbe num- ecbool exienpes; butihefollowingitemsfrom the report legislative adoption. Ke'tber in point A independence, of the Schools m 1849, as compared with the same items cfliciency, or economy, can that systen be commendedThe place for holding the Convention w a s then consid-ered. It was agreed to hold it at Syracuse, on the 18thof April, at 11 a. m. During the discussion the! dif- amending school in each dievrict in 63. As the schools School-bou»e8, repaha, &c.oncf subject to the vicissitodes of peig tiboriieod broils, $1,822,6*M 24 $J,4*3.1fl*"80 it can exerciee comparatively Uttle Independence ofage number of persons between tbe ages of 4 and 21of $2.f?6 C9, and adecreflre in other sections of $.4,- claim for men wbo have had the opportunity of looking 574 97; for school apparatus, an increase of $19,- over our school system in its working! through9akthe556C4in,tbeciuee,and$1,87U81inthecountry^for Sute—ofobservingitsdefectsandstadyingtheir,ap-fcbools for colored children, an increase of $12,398 67 propriate remediei—a weight of judgment in Snch mat-—TheEveningJournal indulgesinabJetoricallaetjear.Thecharacterofthesestracturesisindi-pcLool-houees,si»ep,rsfairs,&c.,adecreaseofoftenlimitedtoaverynarrowcompass..Inthisviewhave, and that for one she declines the honor of worlc- quite severely enough, and perhaps more sbarphr than, reference which, however accurate, may not be deemed cated, as follows: • i >v ^9.440 in cities, and of $11,793 27 in country secttons; it may not be amiss to remind the Legislature thatiag for tbe wages of wifehood; that *be would rather will meet with approbation* Finally, let me add, Log. Frame. Brick. Stone. T otal and for all other incidental expenses, a decrease in tbe every State Superintendent of Schools] in every reportsaw logs into boards with a banosaw, for her bread John BTOWU is immortal in the memories of the good complimentary by our neighbors of The Expresii Tn thecitie*.... »•«••*••• . . . . 38 222 3 258 cities of $45,630 97, and, of $6,946 15 in tbe rural dis- iseufd from 1848 to 1856, speaks in djerogation of. the4 butter, than take the doled pittance which keeps" Brooks continues to quote Scripture. A friend of his, a great In tbe rural districts. • 2«1 »,768681 ^ 688 11,318 tricts. Tbe aggregate of expenditures lor the objects system of Town Superintendents, andj urges the adop-From Uni' ed Urates Deposit Fund ruin.' While such fulminations proceed from men of bended from an examination ol the amount of money Fiom State School Tax. •. ' . . . . . . . . . . . •••••'•• •••••''165,000 00 By the act of April 1SL1858, tbe option was conferred , W i * m M upon the electors of each school district to chooser onothe caliber and temperament of Senator Toombs, they expended for tbiB snd kindred objects within the last Balance iii treasury few years. Thunit appears that tbere was expended- Total338 57or three trustees, as tbe majority might determine/ As was anticipated, the practice in tbis respect has been various; some districts changing from one to three, others having taken incipient steps toward re-1S56. 55.>.*>0 8 months and leas thun 10.... 65,9721859.6 months and leva than 8 133,113In thermal districts.....••..»............«•.600,625281903 591 11.676292 Thusshowingadecreaseof11inthenumberoflog In1857" Mr. Toombs, the fire-eating Senator from tbe State wood, brick, and stone. Showing a decrease of $5,613 70 in the cities, and missioners through the medium uf Teachers' InstitutesThetestatihticsmthemselvespresentaveryinade- aDincreaseof$16,23604intheruraldistricts,inthe wouldbeentirelydissipated;whilethehopeofraising of Georgia, thinks 'the South should not wait for quate view of tbe imp ovement which is taking place expenditures Jof school purposes, by comparison be- tbe standard of quatfficationo inteachers, with so many overt acts, (in the event of the election of a Black Re- in ttlmoBt every section of tbe State, ia the condition of tween tbe years mentioned. . '-j ,- judges to determine the measure of acquisition, wouldetc. .whatever maj have been aaid with regard to tbe abandonment ofcrinohxeby-that august and gracioua lady, tbe abaenoe of what-ever portion may bave been oaat aside wua not perceived; indeed, publican President,) but meet the enemy at tbe thresh- the structures devoted to educational purpopew. The The following statement shows the amount of school degenerate into an absurd chimera. we should almost say that it must bare added to tbe expansion oftbe petticoat by tbe facility tbna afforded for the more easy ez-old, and drive him back, or tear down the pillars of the i number of new scbool-houpee erected in the place, of money and its apportionment for the year 1860:J . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,374,211 61 ' give no greater blow to the ear than doth a chestnut for sites, bnilding, hinng, purchasing, repairing, aud The above amount is apportioned as fol ows, viz:injuring school-houses, and tor fences, out-houses, fur- For the payment of School Comaissionera' salaries, $56,000 00$845,178 66 1,026 21$54,937 06 6294State ticket, containing nine candidates, that paper tbem with the requisite accommodations for the com-tays: "Outofthesenominees,thereisbutonethat fort,convenience,*nndeducationalfacilitiesoftheir estimatienoftheSuperintendent,frequentlyinjured, tardingtheadoptionofthesingletrusteesystemthaninmates, bespeak a praiseworthy interest on the part and ii-justice OODC to teachers, by lack of toe prompt any oiler cause.—OfficeaDdcandidacybring theirburden of cares.DuringthecontestintheHouteonMondayMr.Pen- lowing, from TheRushviUe (la.)Jacksoni<*n, edited Totalin2yearsand9months....$1,263,36376 $747,15866Jnl859..1SH.230TiFp/ hbiariea, for Indians. '. Balanceforcontingenttpportionmenta.. •••••••that the TWO MILLIONS OF DOLLARS thue expended; in lets than three \eart for the mere appliances of educa- tion, was faisea by t*xes voluntarily imposed.The number of persons between the ages of 4 aud 21 j ears, is reported as follows:Increase.28,7815,530The average time fchool was taaght in the year; ex- elusive of cities, wae 75 aaontha. Lul8o8the' avttrageU.B56 79Totals.........2,494We iind herenearly $1,000,000 paid to 25,000 teach-SCHOOL SUPERVISION.lynching twice on bis way from' Austin to tbe «vootr»ct system. Individual* secured routes and then earns to commence with the seven Northwestern States Ohio, ladi- rural districts, however, the ratje of compensation to The experience of another) ear, and a wider range localities. These form thetbo'a by which education isveston, in change of the offioer dispatched for himhytheUnitedStatesInvestigatingCommittee. In portationtoad allthejeatoftheweek. TbemethodwastbfauO. B. Brows, wbo preached on Sunday and plundered tbe tr&na-will have pixty-slx votes in tbe Charleston Onventon, aud will berepre«en«ed by oi^e hundred and thirty-two dtlegates, fa addi-Hempstead he was -tbee%tcned with a suit ef tar and Mr. Brown laid a case of peoal<ar nardahip before the Pottmaster- tion to these sixt;-«ix votes The Enquirer claims aa esrtaiu for aP(>earH that the amount paid for teachers' wage« ex- sary concomitants to this favorable expression—and creased beyond the conception of the most sanguinefeathers, and hi Houston there was some talk of hang- Geserai, with tbe claim' of tbe sufferer for increased pay—of Douglas, thirtj-five votes fjom New-York, seven from N e w Jer- ting hixn to a tree. course mors than double what wmaeacpeoted, and quadruple what sey, forty-one ftom New-> nciaud, and four from California. Tida clutiye of cities, during the past year, was,$1,481,790; where one or both art) lacking, the general approval calculator m loimer da> s; and no limit to acquisitionought to bealloirtd. Mx. Barry exclaimed against tbe extrava- would jdv« him one hundred and fifty votea on tbe fii«t ballot, tliat the uumber of teachers was; 12,133 the average above given must be regardad as qualified, by tho Tacta is yet discern*ble in tbe future. But there is j&easoa—The decease of Jfr. Ely Moore, which tbe telegraph gance of tbe demand, and Mr. Brown very naively proposed to which is half the Convention. At an early stage it is assorted monthly salary of teachers $15 93, ana the average ol toe .case. These oonditJons are, a proper diaccirni- to apprehend that general education is not advancingaunouxees as having occurred at Lecompton, KansasTerritory, on the 2Cth alt., revives recollections of oneformer y prominent in our own political otroiee. Mr.grant one half, which was doss. Mr. William Smith was la bias &vor, hence bis wealth, hence sbo his prmnomen of ' Kxrra Bi%.» A Ck>n«r»s<**<mal inv*stigat»on shortened Mr. Barry's cfficial HA;, and be waa exiled to tbe Court of Madrid, then, ashe will get the twenty-seven vote* of Pennsylvania, three from time during which schools were kep? open was seven nation on the pan of the electors exerted in the ohoioe inthe same ratio; in part iroiu mistaken notions ofmonths and sixteen days. Thehighest average wages Of Kho<.l^Comuassioner, and: a willingness on the i>ar economy, andpartly from a s*lf-*ati*fviog view of theDelawsie, eight ftom Maryland, nine lrom'Miasouri, four from were paid iu Kings County, $34 25 per month, aud the of that oftoer to discharge his whole duty. I speak pro^resM already aixabwed. Surely while monarchicalMoore was bom in New-Jersey about the beginning of •ow, a sort of genteel Botany Bay, and Extra William returned number required to nominate. Suohaie tbe calculations of Mr.teAohers were females, and in mwv' localities board is added to the monthly Mages. /coiijomed^there no substantial complaint against the education* I interests of their subjects, tbe citizens of * ^ftemwiH be heard. Under the opposite alteraa- country whose tnetitutions rest upon popular-intelli- tntr,it.wouldb«*.trt»ngoindeedifpopulardiscontent gence,canillaitbrdtoneglectanypracticableIm-Arkanvas, f«ur from Texas, and ptobably twelve from Tenaeaaee w U sb constitute considerably more than two-thirds of toe wholelowest in Hamilion, $9 12. About three-fi'fths of these w y w l v in saying that where these reouisites are Governments, are seriously occupied in advancing th)Total*Total iuekles.Total In State Vox TeacbeM? W«a<oiaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 1306946,009 21 ministrau n lets beneficial. Improper and incompe-$"2,<m,msi tentpersonsoresometimeselectedtorepresentauve wouldmaintainonrnationalsupremacy—ifwewould•**asa«» »••*••melt the mixed races with which onr country i» 2,122,810 57 thronged into one homogeneous x^opulatipn, w«j mwf.17,877I...26,153894 28.*I•more comfortable accommodations than can be ob- tion rbould be our aim; and in tbis term is included *. *..•»«/»•••'»•«•.•>•$1,717,076 11$3,332,803 61ance is 253. Nearly all of the counties ha tho State are viction. I would make our Common Schools --thoseTotall......It is fair to presume that this ia about the number of pupil is $160 per annum. The Legislature at its last mates of our echools sucb as tbey have ever been, withteachers employed when all tbe jschools are supplied. Inthe cities the average payment to teachers isvarious capacities for receiving knowledge—withmind* immature and requiring careful training for their - proper development—with no greater genius for theappoiance at the 'close of the quarter end ng Oct. 31. Sincethe first of April, 1869, U2pupils have been appoiuted.and extension of time granted to 16. The price paidto tbiBInstitution b> the Stale, for the maintenance ofits benefic arieB, is $180 each. A change of location on Popular education being in a great measure the off-viot-sinthecities. •»'- ••..• ofcouinjendaiionofthe,systemofschoolsupervision cbiaelbearstothesculptor,orthebrushtothe From a carefully prepared table in the report, it in oporaiion in this 8tate\ l>vo things are the neces- painter. Tue material wealth of our citizens has in--.$4,156,744 §6• I ^ T O O . w J mitted, the people will hove an ©sp«rtunity of reoriev- J advantages of snperior:«-.Jfii;jJr.*.•«*.•.{£»»> £fe»<jjfVWm-152,027 66 pirant or locality--ifrtbey will cause Boards of Soper-77,56350 viforstoallowtbeincumbentacomosnsation propor--wmS^^vxKelfr^ti^ ••••' -•••4-www.fultonhistory.com 