 •nor in New-Jersey in 1S56, though the Buchanan e'ec-I. To tie policy of the present Administration;II. To Federal corrop'ion and usurpation;III. To the Extension of Slavery in tbe Territories; IV. To the new and (Lngc-rous political doctrine thatFROMWASHINGTON,viction that tho nomination of Douglas is a foregone conclusion. But, after coming in contact with tho, THE PEESIDENCY. D I D A T E ?is, and has been, a technical member of tbe Republimuam1.INESS BEFORE CONGRE6S-THE PRESIDENCY.*p«aAex>e« «t T»e N. Y. Trigone.W>8HMtGTOJ», March 6, 1860.Politic*} Wa*bhig*on * *°" ^ ^ calms of * poitt - eal FqiUtor. The fierce excitement* of mouths of effort A organizing the House have been saoceeded Vy tie »«•citable lull that follows all rtorms. AU »i3e* k»ier and re*t. No question of vital interesta£is eilher branch of Congress. There a^e sao-yte%» of )egi»)»t»oo tb^t de^rve attention and settle-•met&y but theae are jast the one* th*t da not geteittar. U»*oph'«ficat»-d *oula dream that if Con-gress has * majority in favor of a measure, and that«s»ji>nty dfjoie to pass it, that tbey will do so.X© supposition can be more false. Taat is juatwhat they do not, aod canoot do, except by long,and weary and u.nfiaggiog effort. But the pertina-cious n>en are Tare—toe men who do not faint,aid grew impatient and dishrartened, are rare. Athe Democratic party, and of those States fromwhich the Charleston nominee must get nearly all To the Editor of The N. Y. Evening Pott.rtatonntin'ike, and truly Republican speech; note i<sindications of coneeivativo tendencies in its treasoentof the John Brown raid and cogua',e themes. It. is ahlxlon.the Kopublicuu pnr>y Jo assume that it will rever el-U a P r sident who will not enforce any law whichliemayGndonthestatute-book,howeverhemay regret its exirtence. I need not tell yon, Mr. Editor, tbttt Jvhrx C. Fremont would have done that. If Gov. Sewaid bhall ever be cbopen PresideDt, as I trust he nay he, his courto will shame tnose who ousttntly hotd him up as a Radical, a Jaeubin, aud " higher- law" man. In my judgment, no more conservative n an e*vfr presided over this Union than that same William D. Seward.But, it is said, why should we choose for ourherald asserts that he ^consequently " laid out as a " dead coek in t> e pit."It appetwa to me, bu every respec/. unfortunate, that our ditcnswon sheu'd ho of a character to provoke ru<b comment*; to rejoice our enemies and to irritate andperhapsalieTjalesomeofourfriend?.Cincinnati, Ohio, ftb. 21, 1W>.»pj»»riiy in l*vor of any mea»ure is no guarantywhatever of its passage, where it is oppo-ed by a An encounterpeenrr*d this a'ternoon b-»tveoa Col.r»*nhj*«* purpose to defeat it. Dinner h >ur comes,and nifeht approaches, and a majority which hasbeen lingered all day by a truculent minority, atk s t yioUK and t; e favori'e measure is sent to thethe Overland Wagon road E-xpedi iou, and W. M. V.Magraw, of Ali souri, freigb'. contractor, and.late So-fiejiutei-dei.-t of the same expedition. It wilt bft rr.oot- dtnt., on hie inauguration, wonll not lack that morJ.upporled for Pretident aud Vice-Preaident at the next vc-jte. Col. Fremont had not been so long identified io leetion.Spenser's table, or to tbe Committee of the Whole; Lender. In this difficulty n ie said, Co1. Lander, afteraa Mr. Btttctj has been. Gov. Seward ttood aloof from who are willing to cooperate with them in support of sanctioned t y several other Southern Governors &% the Republican movement when it was firet formally the candidates who shall there be nominated, andofthemails. Thismeasureoftranscendentim-candidate of. tbe Republican party for tbe nex^, Presi- dency. My own preference is, and always has been, • forMr.S*ward,aatbegreatest,mostenlightenedand- libera!of all our American statesmen, and next to him,I would have a delugebis vo»<v», as great a change oomee over their minds as over those of their Dcmocra*ic neighbors.SIR: Allow an ardent and active Republican, who advocau d the nomination and supported the election of Fremont in 1856, to set forth hi* reosons for now de-(ofinx^H)GEN.CAMERON.Some of these charges against Douglas, in Demo-cratic quarters, havo been as marked and marvel-ous, as hidicrousand embarrassing, as that of .Gen.Cass when he abandoned the solid ground of the for our next Pre? ident."VVilmot Proviso in 1848, and, doffing his squatter's In toe sting}.-Ie of 1856, the Republicans, with ex-To the Uditor of Tne N. Y. Tribune.SIK : YVi b JIO view to damage in tbe least the ean<w of G*n Camtron, should be get the nomination at Chicago, but ratoer to prevent the Convention fromgarment, marched down into the quagmire of the cellent and popular candidates, aided by all the euergy Nicholson letter, where he sunk to rise no more. of. a jouxigand enthusiastic party, and by a state-of1 hat *a like fate awaits those who now abandonDouglas, and allow the negro propaganda to force things then actually exiting in Kansas, unparalleledone of its apostles upon the party as its Presidential in tbe atjocity a^id was ton cruelty of the outrages to candidate, can scarcely be doubted. which tbe Fiee-Sta*e settlers were subjected by anyBut my present object is not to speculate upon state of facts ever before exisiing on this Continent, causes or consequences, but simply to styte what polled lets than forty per cent of tbe popular vote, seems to be the current of opinion upon this matter choosing 114 of the 294 electors. W e destro in the at the Federal metropolis. contest now opening to carry at least 153 out of 304electors, and a majority of the populur vote; for, uu- REKCONTRE BETWEEN COL.LANDER AND less through our mistakes, tbe third parly movemontstandard-bearer < ne who was against' us in 1856 ? I considered as an eligible candidate before the Chicago and by A'leghany, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery,answer, because he is able and worthy, and we can Convention! Bm J<s, Norf hr.mpton, as well as other important oonn-fcurtly elect him if we will. Yes, and if Mr. Bates ia Tbe Call of the Republican Committee, is in these ties in the Srate.nominated at Chicago, bia election or defeat will jest words: Io's my firm conviction—ond in this opinion I am not0" A National Republican Convention will meet at ah;r <—that if General Cameron should be nominated,, Chicago on "VWdiitsdav, tbe i3th day of June next, at tl ere w< uld v I he the least prospect of his carryingW.M.P. MAGRAW.will amount to little at this election. I hold it to be • mintntly ctrixable that we should not only choose a majority of the electors, but that we should be backed by a majority of the popular v<;te, so that our Presi-WASHINGTON", March 7, 1860. Fr«-d. W. Lander, of Massachusetts, Superintendent ofsolely with ourselves.But why take up so new a convert 1 I answer, 2o'eJoc« (no' n), t»r tbe nominaiit.n of candidates to be the t*ify of Philad Jpbia by a majority of one vote. Iat>e»ed that »in attack was mudo lust Winter in the rO- tundaof Willaid'B Hotel, by Mr. Magraw, upon Col.support. Dgair&t, any disunion plot-or fiilibusteriag dem- onstratior, such as was schemed by Gov. Wise andwhen h'- was nominated *Bour candidate for President, the Opposition party of New-Jeruey, and a'l othersTin re ean bo no qu*atiou that he te from five to eight than rand tote* iceakrr her** thau either Batea, Read, Do} ton, Foot, F*sscodeD or Lincoln.Paving printed the letter of your Lancaster coTes-;Lavig itoived lour terrible blows—the first struck their tecret cabal at Ralt-jyh in October, 1856. How, w b l e bis back was turn* d —at last reached Magr-*.%difficulty which barf originally grown out of Magr±w"drttnssl tofight.Col.Londeraduel,ormakerequiredtleec ends, 1 will try to do my shiiro. I t r a e i t ' e y willsniliceofthemselvestoaddtoenewStatesofMin-and elected within three months afttr he avowed nim- sion of Kai sas into the Union uirder the Con-'tioacion st-lfaRepublican. Mr.Duolittlestooda'ooffromthe recentlyadoptedbji'speoJe;ofrestoringtheFederalfrpology. Col. Lander returned 'n>m Califoruia aboutRepublican movement till bate in the contes'. of 1856, A«'m;Lit«ration to a system of rigid teunomy, and t) Correspondence of The N. 7 . Trlbuno.the principles of WarhiuKton ano JtlferMon; of main- AL TON, 111., March 2, 18#>.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNfe, FRmAY^ MARCH 9, I860.-*?ni hie ch Grsmmar S< paying ta*e neurhbor, he higher 6tarj<-,Bigb School children iu Island. Tnechildren 6f 1 School ri^btrf hut black chi Biulstte", qua' barred these folly violatew ploymentofper day, eve1 with tbo mo* at cur endca,- riglita. Rbo- am-imut Ua it'; pie which w'The Dcai'" t portance ot .•Kopablicana'claim (J<I. S; -si^hton the-claimed the d took thue bar**Union" m; termed " \h; bearer urile-« principles r.w' this case willBut t^m ui!' Republican" tbey avow - They e»y tbi Chicago C'JU"genUcmen, vrJ chance of o:t avowtbe 9B.vr> aa does S'-th«unoua aod ft porting for th«pisyiT-a cuvi;: —they cannot principle* rer; Rioco IBIHJ.:: States! Out -i reflective vot 1 used by deai^a election in in maj mrx be tus D'.rnoci-at all 0But I an. merely say tha never vo-texs t the Repub'-ica contrary, THH experienced * mieiirfz op pone darenotaakna Demociat at compsmy wi-1 •partyottbo->thegging Re pa wo exclaim, " vie«in^'notraiTbe Rkruiil P APKLFOU;.), athe lav*8*;ir'^ glaad, bacaeu ' iitate, they met ONE WHO C.&.SW e Ho not wish tha General Government opinion of that portion of the Union which controls WHO SHJILL BE THE REPUBLICAN CAN- Seward, if elected President.. Read hislate admirably Ba'es of Missouri, and I perceive that The New-York aid those who'ask assistance. if0nouiinationof EDWAKD BATESof Missouriboth convenient places of confinement for measures •which their opponents thiuk ought not to run at large. Here is the Mileage bill, for example. The Hou*e would pass it to-day, or to-morrow, or any day, if it could get a vote on it. But the fiili- tiistcrs stave it off. Such a course on any ordinary measure of legislation, though common, is neither &iT nor decent.It is simply one form of the gouge. The rules ar-d orders, however, those mysterious chains and fetters upon legislation, permit, such courses. There is the Erankmg privilege. The state of the case with regard lo that. i« not so clear, but its situationia similar to the Mileage oH. 1 hen there is theproposed great and salutary reform iu the organiza-tion of the Post-Oftice department; lett ng out thePo8»-Cff«ces to the lowest bidder, like the carryingportance will probably hang by the fills betweenheaven ai.d earth for an indefinite period, while ''Speak np, and speak loud, Sir V On this Magraw be found in the Union—have never once ventured to alist ? Now, ia thja roll to the Republican parly of the eev-knocked him down, and beat him until pulled off by then, is our minority in 1856 to be converted into aninitial* d in our State. Ia that a reason why he should not now he regarded and trusted as a Republican 7who aie opposed to the policy of t.he present Adm'nictration, to Federal corruot onto theex't nt-ion of Slavery into the Tethe bjfctandtis. Magraw went Weht, aui while Col.Lander -was absent in the Rocky Mountains, stated iatlemen to Cob Lender b e t i n g him not to renew r,be nent» into future allies. Iu aU tne efforts' directed to as the-Republican candidate for Governor of Maine, ct;iz»-j s; and who ure in favor of the immediate admis-St. LoniB that be had whipped him in the fight, andindisputable majority in 1860.Senator Hamlin only formally dtelared himeelf one of new 6nd < ftngeroos. political doctrine thatus after reading the platform of tbe Cincinnati Con- tuiion, ofi'sowii fort-e, carries Slavery into all the Ter-Partly, doubtless, by discussion, by the diesemma-Directly after th« occurrence Majrrai sent two ger- Afji<anB)ave-tiade,to any iaequality of n^hrs amongat tie same lime applied opprobrious epithet- to him ik-n of truth, by ihe direct conversion of former oppo-. ven'-ion in I86ti. Yet he was immediately nominated ritories of the United Skates, to the reopening of theDouglas's chance for the Charleston nomination is the hotel, offered to wait on the ladies and apologize, longer a rational doubt that the Opposition has a rua- the supremacy of the Constisution and laws passed in trust that we ahall triumph at any rate; I ahoaid benot considered here to be w r t h much, if anything, aidietued. Col. Lanoer waa aexmupauied by Major joriiy in that State, though the Republicans alone have pursuance thereof,-againsn the coispiracy of tbe lead- certain of success if Judge Bates were our nominee,among the bert informed. His late speech in the Senate, which was calmly and judicially charac- terized in a recent telegraphic dispatch to THE TKJULNE, but which characterization, like all tr»tbpv bos met with resistance from a contemporaryYates, and during the alttrcadjn was joinad by nianephew, W. H. wt s t, who t-ok no pare in the affiur not. ers of a fectional party, to rebi6t the muj<>riry principle and hie name actually inscribed on our banner.^hattvtr. Col. Lander is a Maswchnsetts man, aod So in Pennsylvania in 1856. Her popular vote at. establithed by this Government, even at tbe expense ?aj s, for the honor of h:s State, be will never carry stood—Fiemont, 147,963; Fillmore, 82,2o2; together of its existence.cotceiledwflapc-s,thoughbewillfightanyone who assails him with or without them.paity becomes tbe ruling power of the couutrv, aa it ia- IOWECFS of tone, influences which the author would TIJE PEOPLE'S PARTY IN JAMS.. few ether populous couniies, was largely swel'ed by Chicugo Convention to.be idiut, in the faceB of all who r ominated, we shall still adopt the one that ia, and th*u tuiely destined to be, it can theu reward its more dis-journal, did no*, advance his prospects in the least. On the contrary, it repelled by its coarseness and23Q.1C5; Buchanan, *30,772, or6U7overbothhisop- Comprehensive nre all theee propositions—broadponents. It is notorious that Buchanun'B immense endugh is this platform.toll in Philadeiphia. in Mon'gomery, in Berks-, and a Nt W; ubdor this general invitation, ia the door of the their duty to act. And even, if our candidate is not-did only in his ;desire to conciliate. But no single speech, by anyPresidential candidate on any side, at tais period of Corre>pondezic« cf The N. Y . Tribune.the contest, has more than a feather's weight in the BJETHLIHJEM, Pa., March 5, I860.scale in influencing the elements that will determine The People's party in Bethlehem met in the Citizen's "Peoples party," or united Opposition, though it Repub'icane fDo you ae.k true, earnest, efficient opponen+s of the Adm'mstrat on, who tubscribe heartily to all tbe artf- c'ts of jour poliiicul creed, to meet you at Chicago, for the purpose of selecting a candidate for President, m«r«-ly to insult them by telling them that you will npt peimitthenominationofanymissaveoneofthelalf- cozrn whom ydu wi'l present, and whom you have arbitrarily chribtened " Iiepresentative Men '"Think you that the People wilt indorse your ostra- cism of an eminent, worthy patriot, who.subscribes everj article of our political faith, as embodied ani ex- p m sod in the U n proposi ions I have quo'ed 7But ia Mr. Batee really with ua? 1 answer: Yes, unmhtalubly. I speak what I do know. But let my word pasH, atid ask Francis P . Blair, jr., or 8. Gratz Brown. I think tbe men who have made St. Louis the citadel of Free-State principles have a right to DO heard and trutted b% Republicans.But wty does not Mr. Bate« proclaim himself a Re- publican? I answer: Mo Republican baa called on Mr.Batessincehewasc^aimeoasaRepublican,and sought information UBto his views, who did not come away ptrfettly eaticficd. And I think none wiah fan her declarations or proclamations from him but those whoee heart's desire is to make him unac- ceptable to Republicans, or elee unavailable as a can- dioate.tinguished statesmen, who have borne the heat anoL. bui den of the oay, without risking it« own exiatenoe in the attempt.All that it*necessary is for these old-fashioned, con-- ferva.ive Wh j.a, to became accustomed to vote with the Republicana, and they will ultimately understand, tbe true position ot eucu men as Sewa-d, Chaae, aud Lincoln, ai d vive them iheir hearty support. But tl ey n<w htaod by themselves, a thud party, the natu- laloj ponetta of the Democracy, but not prepared to »ct, with ua without some cone'liatiou on oar part* Multitudesoftheaemensay,"G>veuaEdwardBates of Misacuri for your cau^icate, and we are with you. heart and sou'." "With him for our standjird- 4' bearer, we can carry Minoia and Indiana with a. " rush." There seema to be a wide-apread coniidencahis fate. Ifr. Douglas was a doomed man the day HaU, on Saturday e?enk,g .the 3d insraini;, and or-b* rebelled on Lecompton. That doom will be in- ganized a strong and active " Currin Club." A consti- the regular Democratic organization. It con be car- exorably carried out. The only political refuge of tution and by-la vs were presented and adopted. . Toe ried now for any ticket, which the entire Oppositionticket in the Free States. 1 he signs of the times m- Ranch; Vice-Presidents, John Lerch and Robert ried otherwise. Philadeiphia, Berks, Montgomery, dicafethisresult.IfthemembersofthePopularSov- Peidert;Secretary,LewisDester,jr;Corresponding Northampton, Monroe, oV-c,stand ready to over- ereignty party do not feel equal Co facing this contin- Secretary, B P. CafTrey. A thorough-going Execu- whelm us again, as they did in 1856, if we insist on gency, we would affectionately counsel them to do tive Committee wan appointed, <v>rnpoced of the folio w- a policy which ignores, or seems to ignore, tho>te nothing that will deny them shelter under th*» roof irg ^ntlemen: D. O. Lujkcnbact, R. W. Leibert, allies by whobe aid we have carried the Stti'o for the of their antagonists within their own party organi- John Lerch, Felix Fenner, and Robert Peieert. Sroog last two years, the brothtrs of those whose votesTRESTON KING FOR PRESIDENT.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: But a abort time, comparatively speaking, in- tervenes until the assembling of the Chicago Conven- tion;andastheactionofthisCohvenionwillbopo- tent in deciding the next Presidential contest, it becomes necessary that it should act with a full appreciation ofthe Popular Sovereignty men that he heads, will f6llowipg officers were elected: President, C W. vriiJ cordially support, and it cannot, I think, be car- probably be found to be in an independent electoralzation. The storm approaches, and the roadway of that.self-denying band will be merry. Let them1 e responsibilities dev» lving upon it. No one candoubt that upon the platform ttere constructed, and the in hie justice, integrity, me>derat on, and that fe wouldgave ut Gov. Bisseil in Illinois and Gov.. Olden In New-Jersey.froru the State of Xew-York. Among tbem areoorneoftheinrntimportantoftheKichmond- wjjlberecollectedbythereadersofTHETRIBUNE, managedtothrowawaythelastlegislature;buttheylist year organized an Acrociation, with a vie«v to set- cou'd net defeat Gev. OJden, who ia politically the D i e k ^ o n delegatrs to Charleston. The ohje.;t of tling, definitively, the pedigrees of the Btock owned in counterpart of Edward Bates. Tbe sumo gentry didtbeir pilgrimage to Una Democratic Mec», at thin iheir obinct. The second annual session of the Con-juncture, in to uncertain who is likely to. be the vention commenced to-day—Paoli Luthrop of Saaih their utmott to defeat Meesrs. Millward, Verree, & c ,early look out for a good tavern.jf. s. P.Snjpote, then, we make EDWARD BATES our standard-bearer for 1860. I freely admit that a por- AT tion of our American managers and wire-workers, tome because they are e&tienUully pro-slavery, but more from pure malignity, will work depperately against us. But what can t&ey effect ? They did their best against Gov. Bieecll in Illinois; eo they did The cattle breeders of the Connecticut Volley, as sgaiist Gov. Olden in New-Jereey, where theycandidates there nominated, depends the success or de-the Un on from intestine strife and the turba'ence of feat of tle„R*publifan party iu November next. There vio'ent factiune, on ether wide. Aa a practical cman- are men in the Republican party that can bo elected cipa'ior.ist, aa an old Whitf Statesman in the days when. THE PROSPECTS OF DOUGrLAS. From %n Occsxioakl Cor:e«posdest.-WASHIKGTON, March, 6, 1860.Within a few days past this c ty has rece ved alarge accession of Soft and seoii-So't politiciansCATTLEBREEDERS' SPRINGFIELD.CONVENTIONover any Democrat; there are others who cannot.Tl eTe are Bevend things which must be taken intotie Wh'p; party was pledged to the uoo-exteu«ion of Slavery, and who r-tii] holds to that doctr ne, as a just aid conservative Rejpoblican, who would c* 1 around bim, in cilice, tbe best atatesmen of that part/, and actfcucct-tslnl candioate at Charleston, so- that tbeycan gi^e in their adhesion to htm in due season. Dyer of Connecticut, Secretary. The proceedings of That tbey aje for that person, and for no other, is the Convention of 1859 were first read and discussed. BTquestionable. They do not stand up^n unties KepoilH ol the several Standing Committees, on Pedi-for CongrcFS, in Philadelphia, in 18.W, running "straight American" conoid'-ites againet «hem;^Ion, Jacob Brojm, ore of tne "National Union Com-as to 'shell or strij>e, antecedents or proclivitiesnone at all. Nobody sets any up in Irs behalf. His fries;da cluim only that he ia the man who can «ive1 hey care nothing for his opinions upon Shivery, or day, but as the mail isabout to close, I can send nonehere, are generally well affected toward Douglas. rvtalw.hut, scarcely have they been at the capital u day, ( ».n. (ii.ore than d'>ub)^)Wu»,r- itud ueat Hotk ere theirlove for popular sovereignty,like Bob Knotcrop*efNew-Yoik,forPresident,andEdwardStauloy,or seme other good man, for Vice-President.redn1-.Iell'rct Tneeanrngaoftheroadaretopu%it into first-rule repair ai d.running order, and to puy the woikaien; ano ihe bondholder* are to wait for theirAcres' coarage, begins to ooze out at the palms. Other farm ,:ropofopinion,whichunquestionablysetsstrongly doubled,Uirouj.bt)jeat'entionwhichisbeinggivento improvement* ui agricultureagainst Dougla>. They feel that it is the Niugara the member of the HarvVet Club who c:phers out thkt will overwhelm and bear down all opposition theieaaons whi^h make larming pleasant and profita-at Charleston. And, it being their policy not to re- ble, has his portfolio filled with bt»-,.bc:c«< relitin^ to tbe sist this "tide in the affairs" of the Democracy, tgricnltoie of thh? county, State, aud nation, »ind it ia they fall in with it, and are goon swept away. U>be hoped that their bubstauce may be given to thepublic. ,And as it has proved to be with a large number The season is about one week in advance of 1859. of leaoing politicians from ^New-York, wjthin a The roads are settling, and a few day* of'sonnymonth past, so has it fared with Democrats from weather will ttart the bnds and grass. Yesterday.<mfcs othej Northern and W estern States. They come the STinnieft ci day?; to-day, BLOW and hail (aboat»bort,th<*ywill'supportEDWARDBASKSforPre- Mr.GiddingecandidenoughtoindicatethatMr. aidt nt, -wi'M knowing him to by heartily with us in op- Bares*B Hberaticn of his e'aveo took p'ace years ago,Mr.Kirghasalwaysbeen,aabeianow,infavorof dvioei.dbuvtimat-eraai'estraightenedout.Tuecars fr<c terrik ry; his record is uncxeep ionuble; hie integ- nm with safety and regularity. Sleeping cars are rity fabove suspicion; l.e is nut now, and never has provided for the mgbt trains," and the managementaib very strict in cutiing off till privileged characters b**n, a politician; his firmness and devotion to the from rioing without paj ing their fare. N > free paea-JShere filled with the idea that Douglas is all-power-fnl, and JS driving ever) thing before him. Theycomefromlocalitieswheretheparty, inordertosave itself from utter annihilation, has been com-pelled to assume the ground occupied by him inthe Lecompton struggle. But so soon as they have" We &-.«> opposed—Kirot: To the euormoua convumption and proflpate«-xtravoganc« of the pretoht Ad»umtntrutio/i. Second: The bill appropriating $5,000 to be used (wi'h &"> C00 lo tb« practical u«uruttiioii aod tjrunuicd cxorciK) of ab^olutoeiteemed a Repubican, not simply because he has emancipated hiB elaves, but becauee he i<» hoatile to the exttnwon of Slavery. To affect to doubt this is to doubttheintegritycrsanityofeveryRepublicanin Missouri.But, you t'iumphantly ask, "Can Mr. Bates carry Missouri ? Can he carry uny S'avo State ? ' What if he couid not, no long as it is plain that ho can carry, JNew-Jemy, PeruBylvanii, Illiooia, and probably In- diaxa, thua inuming cur triumph? It is fw those that I uak bia nominaion. But I say further, Yen, he can cairy a Slave Sute. I believe he can carry Missouri, Mutyland, Delawai-c—iiaec Shive 8ute«—if not more. Tbo-niilieft, undeniable fact that he will be warm'y, formidably supported in tho whole border tier of Slave States ia one of great importance, and will help us in all the anjoiDiog Free States It was the Southern border counties that beat us iu most of theee Slatos inupon quasi Douglas men, soon after their arrival in thiaeify, is perceptible to th*) most superficial ob- server. The opinion that he will not be nominated at Charleston, gathers strength as the time for the meetingoftheConventionapproaches. T*can hardly DC mistaken in saving that very few well-in- formed politicians in Washington believe that he stands the sbgbtest chance of being selected as theregular candidate of the party.And, as it is with the Democrats from the Northand ^ « # i upon their arrival here/so is it with Re-Jublicans. Many highly intelligent members of the hi« career certamly oogbt to be atopned by some pro^VII. Provision should bo made for calling out vol- unteere in caso of Indian difficulties.VIII. Our Navy ebculd be placed on an effective footing,andNavy-YardnuisancesBbouldbeabolished.IX. A thorough Postal reform should be effected.X. An equitable Tariff, wbich will encourage Ameri- can interests, ought to be enacted.These principles'' will find favor, not only in' thowtepuJMicsn party reach hi're with the firm, con- <^ - [Mont. (Ala.) Mail.reso'mions, indor&uvg the platform of the PeopVs State Convention, he'd at Hajrisburg, were adopted.' The best spirit prevailed.he true t.o the inlerente o- freed*'m, and Btdl preserve JCorre«pondenoe of The N. Y. Tribnne.SPRINGFIELD, Mas*., March 7, 1860.success:I. Ho man should be selected unVas a consistent andrtliabeRepublican,asit.wouldbefollytoignoretbe wishes of the North for tho purpose of conciliating a portion of tbe South, that cannot cast an electoral vote.II. Be must be comparatively free froa any min- gling with tbe Know-Nothing imbroglio.III. He must be able to present an unexceptionable record.IV. He must be personally popular.V. He musi. bo a man of great firmness, and a Union man, who will crush out any incipient measures for a dissolution of tbe Union.VI. He muBt be an economist.These are secondary considerations, which are ne-North; as the man ag<iinet whom the fewest lies an4. MiiaiejrerentatjonB could be succeaalully tol*, and tho bant excuse be made for a factious opposition to hie; administrationfrom*nyquarter,bisnamewouldin- spire great confidence and enthusiasm among the massep of the honest yeomanry of the country.In closmg; tb'8 letter, I wia'h to say a word of the improved condition of our Illinois railroads. Toe Tejrc Haute, Alton and St.. Louis road ia now in the bands ot trustees, 'or tbe benefit of the creditors, who ba^e r e t a r d the Hon W . D. Oriswold or Terra Haute aa PreBident. Under hia administration, the carnii ga of the road are to go first to put it in com- p'e'e. repair, and 'afterwa-d to liquidate i'B boodad ' cebts. Qccr 200 000 ne w tieB have been pat in daring; tt e past j ear, and this work is going on until all the old 01ea are to be replaced with new. E*ch aide of the rood ia being ditched, so aa to drain it of water, aid preaeive ils eohdiiy. It la now entirely smooth,Hidley, M&H*>., being chosen Pre«ident, and Henry A.j?tee8, and the Management of Stock, will be made to-perate exertions drawing ofT 214 votes in a districtwlich he had been cbot-en to represent only four yearBbefore. Never have these, miicbief-makeis been able triumph to our principles, and secure peace and sifetyan) thing else; nor whether he has got any prin- ol the particulars this looming.Mfastachnsetts has alwayu oeen considered a manu- to effect any Iking, except ich.cn ice have, played into to the Union. That is all. Tne Republican parcy iaciples on questions that have passed away, like the facturing State, but there in inveeted in farm-laud and "Wilmot Proviso, or that are pending, like the Ter- improvementi', in neat stock and hornes, aod the usual ritorial Slave-Code, or that loom up in the future, apiendaj.es of a farm, four millions of dollars—morectp'al tban is invested in manufacturing, machinery,their hands by insisting JMl dtfying the. prejudices of not 5 et in a poeidon to consider claims: ita preeent con-cessary in tbe candidate, iu adci'ion to the primary and the curs run with regularity and safety, making' onea of honeety, capacity, and fidelity. ail connections properly. vSleeping*cura ure p.-ovideafor the night trains, and everything ia managed ia the There are numerous R*publicans poRsecsing all these best manner. Tbia oo'icy, it ia believed, wi 1 bringqualifications, and who could be elected; but some the meet burireha Lot' e j tad, and enable it to pay itsjcould be eh cted es sier than others. As one of the peo- deb Bthe eooneet. The President is di«tinguirthed forene»gy, c-p-.city, and areat integrity, and is infusing; ple, let me suggest a ticket whim, if nominated, cou'd bis own spirit in o all hia subordinates.be elected over any Democrat aided by the " Uuiou The Chuwgo, Alton and S. JLouis Road is also under part.}," Let us have as our candidate* Preston King anew nvaiiageinent, and a similar policy ia being cir-like the ie-legalization of the African Slave-Trade.the other wing of the Opjoosition. YC-B, £ repeat thattbe apparent majority aguiost us in 1856 was a ma?cern is with duties.One w ord now to the old veteran, Joshua R. Gid-and buildings. The total product of the farina o(^Mas- jority not against our cardinal p inciple, but agaiuttt dii^e, whom I must ever regard with respect, even All they deaire to know is, "Will he win at Charles- sachusetts L-ab<ut $35,000,000 annually. Tbe increase our sppcial organi*/.ati(>n. The great body of the though 1 find him capable of doing injustice. Mr.ton ? in farm prooocte from 1S45 to '55 was as folioWP:"Americans" and " Old-Line Whi^s" of the Free Giddings tayB, in your twluans, that RepubJicuns Statep, at leai-t agree with UHin deprecating the Ex- "express indexation when it is said that a certaia tension of Slavery, and are ready to proce it by their "man has emencipated his slaves, aod is therefore a acta whenever their prejudices aro not involved. " Huitahle candidate." " Trerefore ?" A great, many They will act with us in the content boforo us, xf We men fignfe largely as Republicans on a moch smaller>rui'» kionv aboutThese politicians of easy virtue,, on their arrival J rodi-ti. o: thod;d.y, about^ jf000,000l\?<.0 tHH)1,212.876i 622.948 CJ64V20I 592,400three inches on the ground;, and ntin coming apuee.alreadysubfrcribedinSprmgfield;forpremiums,ata Stale Fair, to he held in Springfield, in September t e x t , has pae*cd tbe firft reading in the Legialature ate to its fiial reading in the Lowtr House. If the programme of tbe Board of Agriculture and of tneuiuiUJIIinitiopowt-rbythoCliicl"Masinirutooftlaauutiou,ia «»peoBixK i xeoutiv* pattontge for unworthy purposes. Th'rd: To (ht arrant hcrcait* of the no culled \auonal Dcmorrati:party in regard to tlu. rubjectof slavery in the Territories F o u r t h : i o tho 8J^tt:IIJutic reopeuJng and ditUK-roua agitation of the HlaTerj que-Mionby ultra poiivica] loodetM for puieiy polnioalRHODEISLAND mPOLITICS.inhaled a few draughts of an atmoaphere more Hampden Park Committee is carried out, we m*y ex- pv.rpof«K filth: To tho inhumanity dhd «hocking baibarity in-CofTOnpondenco of Tho N. T. TribunePROVIOKNCE, R. L, March 7, 186UMay I, a constant purchaser and reader of Tux TRIHUNK for nearly ten years, obtrude upon your well- filled columna with a few worda respecting the " im- pending criaiB" (or election) ia Rhode laiand ? In.yoor it-sue of the 6th inat,, you addieaa a short article ta our voteiH. May I presume to s ate, in a very few words, the only giound of difference between the " Padelford" wing of tf e Republican party in this State, and those who term themselves "The Young Men's Conserva- tive Republican" party, in order thai the grout Repub-tropical than those bracing Arctic breezes which they are accustomed to breathe, their spirits begin to grow languid, their voices lose tone, their coun- tenances droop, their Populir Sovereignty harps are hung upon the willows, they sit down by tne •waters of the Potomac and think of the spoils, and it is soon all over with them ».pect to witness the be?t exhibition of stock which has ever been seen in New-England.SUSPICIOUS UECKO DEAI.J:R —A man named Bagby, from Atianra, Ga., appeared in ihw ci y some time ago. with negroes for tale, we learn, and effected a sale of two of ihem to as many of our citizens—one to a gen- tleman residing near Mount Meigs, and the other to atoi\rd In tim propobitloh to reopen the Afrloau blive-trude.Mxtn: t o tbe t.eaoOLa' 1* avowal— H*c«->i»Jy ajad« in high placesthat thoe)*-vatioD toth« Probidenjy, in a regular and oon.tltu- tioi,ul mode, or the cnuoi^utK of any pa'ty lo in us If a nutTuient cfiBM; jor clb>olving tliu Union, bevonth: In favor of granting•Jr*thot..ts>Ua<H to thouc who will actually nettle a*U improve the publicdoiumn. hi. bib: To tho wtU-rop».biicnndoot.ii.o of ue- ce»Blon, a» promplga'ed by ultra Sotahem leader* beHovinc the priiViJtuict; if Bu-h ladical viowii io bo ut war with tho upiiit Kwd.gfuloatf our Owvemxuent, und aubversivu of the cuuuu of coumi u-ional liberty. Mntb: To th« i.yHtcnmtio and Htudiint at'ew/pOi of the purfynow in power, by uxtfully arrttn(ted plut- fo)iu*lwith their double ri-adioen aiid ittudlwd ainbi^uitioo, todecrivo and d«-nuud an hoin^t und confiding pnople In view, tLer«-f(,ro, of Ibo piim iploa thus eaunmatt-d. tr-u uo a. mounn of ca/ryinf,' thtiu out, und of rontons the (iovornjimut, io tb« purity of the oarlit r duy.i of the Republic, w<: dccliro that, amongThere is a very strong sentiment here againstDouglas. The controlling iuflueuces of the paritywhich center at the capital are bent upon defeatinghis nomination. "J he change which this produces ware apprentices," and Bflgb* had no right to sellgentleman of this city. Subsequently it was ascer- tained, that tbe negroes were what are callef "Dela-tual settlers.VI. That the Army should bo reduced to 3,000 men. lican pLty of the Union ni*y judge lor .^eaiaclvesl u , B VfeT?!" ° ^ 7' It is alleged to us th*t the negrowl ieh candidate afanda upon the Philadelphia platform. Tbo opposition to Seta Padelford is based upon the fact that be ia known to be iu favor of equal achoolzens.1b«Bthowholematterliesinanutshell. Ia every portion of the State, wita> tbo exception of the caiea of Providence a n i Newport, and the ancwifc town of Brihtol, these rights are acknowledged and granted. In the westerly part of our city, a parent by removing his family readenoo say one hundred feet •'lO.tJll.WO;1 hey, J'or the first time, meet the Southern current 1 he crops ot Hampden Couuty,u is e;<p«cted, will bo Ho not iiuLft on drawing the cat toil foremost. In capital of sacrifice for the caut>e than this. Why is notBut it is raid that Mr. Bates wiU uphold and enforce the Fugitive Steve law. Yeo, and K> will Gov.the matt*r.organization. This role is distinctly applied to Jndg* to htc-fc-'r triih S>avery in the States, hut simply (Q\Ve ate a new party, and the best of us are new con-two months ago. ila^r«tw arrived jeaierdiy.> To- nesota and Kansas, and I hope IUinois also, to theday Col. JLai>dei n>et Ma^raw in front ot Kirk VO'KI'S Fremont fctrtnpth of 1856. Tois would rune our Et«e- yet he was immediately thereafter chosen to the United taining invuVa'o the rights of the Stat*»> and defending A recent journey through Southern Ibiuoia and In-Hotel, at which he. s stopping. Ma«?raw gat out of a torai vote to 132, still twenty-one short of a muj-irity. States Sen-,te. Bave we any better or more reiinble tbe eoil of every State and Territory from la=«?le«8 in- ciana, and afjrmiliar intercourse with many Republi-b%ck,-vtiih some /rend?. Lauder was accompanied We shall yet need tbe votes of Pennsylvania (27), or leadcis tban all these ? A young, enthusifcstic, gener- varion; and of preterving the iulegrity of th'8 Union,by 3dj>jor W.wft, the gen<l*inan to whom Magraw had those of Indiana, New-Jersey, and Oregon (23), to in- ous, growing party, never aehB when this or that man and the supremacy of tbe Consii'utiot and laws padaed made the ttfores-aic remarks. Col. Lander said, " I in pursuance thereof, against the coiufipiracv of thecans in Cljarle£ton, Paris, Terre Haute, Viocennes,aid Evansvi'le, eatisfied me of the increa-ing atnmgthdea.und of) <.u im explanation of your remarks t> this sure our triumph. How are we to secure tnose addi'i joined i<Branlit; but in what capacity he can mont leaders of a section*! party to retist. the majority prin- and j opuluriry of Edward Batea in this region as thegemleman." Magraw stepped back upon the »'«OH of tional votes ? elftctiveJy serve i'e cause. Andthiois whj it aicimaU;- ciile as csfabliahed in this Government, at the expensethe hottr), Jol!o«*-d np by LaDder. Magraw nut bis . Need I point you to the fact that the Republicans of ly triumphs. Did tbe old Republican party ever taunt of i?p existence, i>ro invited to send from each State handtohispocietandmuffedsomething. Lander twodelegatesfromeveryCongressionalDistrictandfully considered, and an early determination reached d«r, aod followed up. Within the hotel, Magraw sought and obtained an alliance with tbe other wing of vention addressed ? AH I read it, it ia to Republicans, * Pcintr-ylvania, and of the Opposition Party of New- at-etDpted to go 'into the ent«-y ; Landerstruck tiro np<n the hreae^ pahhing nim btck, saving, ths *o States—as good and true Republicans as are to Mr. Madiacn with having been ori^iindly a Feder- four celegates at large to the Convention." nothingisplainerthantba*titshouldbetak<;nup,said,"Letmegointothehotel.""Yes,"sivlLan-t^ikethefisldbythemselves;thattheyhaveuniformly Again:TowhomisthecallforourChicagoCon-eralStaup,"thenumbersofthePeople'sPartyofBut.inV.epresentst^teofparties,inordert»conoiii*stapled him, sajing, "Turn round no*", S'r, thegeneralOpposition? TheydidsoiubothtbeSta'e membersofthePeop'e'spanyof Pennsylvania,mem- "Jersey, andadothers whoare.willing lo cooperate svrevl IIinitand IndianafortheRepublican candi- " irith tlum in support of the candidates who shall date, even apaiHBt Doaglas, it may be nccepaary toin reguid to it This session, owing to the balaneed«t4»e of parties, is a very tuvorable time to press it ard face ac, aud answer me," at the same and Presidential Elections of 1856, casting their votes bers of the Opposition p«rty of New-Jereey. and allMr. Mietman will do his duty vn the premises, but will Congress do theirs ? Then there is the Print- ing question. Here is another great reform imper- atively demanded. Congress and the country are disgraced by the proceedings, relative to a Printer,every Eession. The disgrace is no less this year than it commonly is. If it dues no; turn out to be greater, we shall praise the Lord for his mercies. But will Congress reform its laws and its practices in relation thereto? Not if that amiable and vir- tuous force termed the lobby can prevent it. West- co*t oi'Ce said tbe whole concern here ought to bet me turning, him rudely rom-d by the shonlder.for Fremont in Pennsylvania, on a ticket made up in othe s who aie willing to cooperate in tue support of " there be nominated," made in good faith, or ia it a n<-min-.te M-me conservafve Republican stat^amaa.Beieon Mr. ttixkwood, ihe proprietor of the hote', m equal pans of Fremont and Fillmore electors. They the candidate* then-and there to be nominated. men trap to tall in supporters of a particular, preden- the most gemkmarly manner, mterpoeed, reqaes'iotflendernotTOcrreateadistnrb«nceir«thehoase,tehiog woulolikelyhavedonethesamein Indian*and New- Wh*tistheba>ieonwhichtbieConventioniscalled? tin*dcandidate7 Are alltheseparties,outfiideof the him that ladies on the flotr above were serionsly Jerscy, bn:. the leaders of the Fi'lmore part? rejected Accoidiig to the terms of its notification, it ia opposi- Bepuhlican organization, when in the Convention, to1 ie Eoward Ba^es, who will command the support of the en'ire Opposition to the preaeut Administration, and to the Democratic parry, falsely so caded.Theie iu sti^l a niioig elem»nt in Uhnoia and Indiana composing the Old Li»e Whigs and Ameri<ym»>, notwilli" g ^o act with the Soam Democ^cy, and not nufii-k ciejit.'y wt-Jl acquainted w-th ,lhe principles and pctr-^ ,Salarmed at the noipe of the altercation. ' This for anh'Siant par»td tfje ccmbatAuts. and pe-rmitt»>d Magrawto retire tonie ten feet He immediately dcew hikpis-tol, and, po.nting it to Lander, miii: '• Approau'a me tors, through the fatal division of their opponents, aga-n S«r, and } on are a dead man." Lander jumped w ere «hoe<n hy a pluraluy of iS.000. In Illinois, G»v.pg*in initrtosed. Co). Lander said: 'Come out onon t i e avensie again, Sir; relieve ohis gentleman fromth'Sfcff-ay beie; ta»e your pibtol, and I »ill meet you Fremon; competitors by over nine thousand majority..tvt o Staietj to Buchanan. Tr e reault 01 that movementpitched into the Po'omac.for general purposes, and a small Ararat, quite asmall one. to accommodate a select circle thatmigh* be chosen from the crowd. But the moun- guard, ai)d sconndrel, requested any one of the crowd Filmore voted at tlie same time for Repubhcan State tain-top would not need to be large\ to step for«ajd—of which there were more th«i forty Officers, and elected tbfm. Is thero not a logtcinMr. Maton, who, as chairman of Foreign Affairs —aid take up the quarrel, if a friend of ilagraw. tucl. facts which commands iteelf to every unbiasedin the Senate, so resolutely proposed to erush Noie »p«-akiig, Col. Lender retired. The last state- mind ? Indiana cast 94,375 votes for Fremont, through the Mexican Treaty has laid aside his mtntbtaid waf- " You have ret'ueed my chal'enge;has t o t b«-en at ail antiafoctory to themselves, an 1 most thfm, connected w-i h tho New -York preps, ai-e report- or them would now be gad if Fremont had beea ing to an excetdirglj unfair and unwise attempt to elected. Tl;ey are heartily aick of Bachanan aud his Adm'n't-tration, ^nd leso disponed than ever to help theas 1am, nnarxued; come on." Magraw refused. L<an- In o^her worde, nearly ha'f the 37,000 supporters ofdtr then, atter Htigitatizing him as a li-ir, thief, black-their ovejttref. Their votes elected a Union Gover- tion,I • be told, " Yon are brought here merely to support our " cai didate, but anyone brought forward by you ia "ineligible?"to attack him, paying at the same time: " I am un- Bietell and a full S^a'e t'eket of a» good Repnblicanuarmed, yon sc<.niiOrei, bot romatter." .Mr Kukwbod as there are in the land, were elected in 1856 by a the Cons-km ion, of its own force, carries Slavery into , the pm lie avuspicion that the managers of tbe puny in. party in the last, Presidential campaign, and g*ve theseInd»pheavy plurality,though the Buchanan electors beat theirall th6 T«-rritones of tbe United Staien;V. To the reopeniDg cf the African Slavs-Trade;VI. To any inequali-y of rights among citizens;VII. And who lire in favor of the immediate udmis- put aside one candidate in order td promote the inter- Democia ic pHjt.y elect anoTber President. A few ofsioh ot Kansas under the Constitution lecently adopted ests of another. them have been caogbt in Dougl<ia'a Popular Sover- by its People;. W e are glad to say that in this State, the fe.eline: of eignty iet, butthej maaa of tbe Old Line Whigs andi VIII. Ol restoring the Federal Administration to a Un'on and compromise prevails amen^ the whole body American* 1 eanily deaptse him and his doctrines, andrej.aro' bim as the embodiment of everything that ia »rdor, aid we presume relinquished his purpose of | ) on have refueed to name your time and pla*e, and 22,386 for Fillmore, together .116.761, to 11^,670 for fystem of rigid economy and the principles of Waah- of the Republican party. Judge Bates is no doubt the \ife, diaboueat, and trea-heioud in American pol.tics—*yourovin weapons, and meet me; you have strucK Buchaxan. whope abeolute mojority was bnt. 1,909 in inoton and JeffersoD; lirBt choice of Connecticut: his character and hie posi- aa a p-jJhicBl knave, a eowardly irimmer when truck- ever pushing the treaty to a vote, lie at least no ! -me with a bilJy, and were whipped by me for it, and a po)l of 235,431 votes. Since that time, several tbou- IX. Of maintaining inviolate the rights;of the Suites, tion are alile adapted to the tone of pablic sentiment lirg «i-l best Buba*rve bia p'lr^o e; ami bold aa a lion. longer calls for an Executive Session. No doubt have lied to the contrary; and now, >oa scoundrel, tands of Irish laboreis employed: in constructing rail- sno defer.oing^he soil of eve-y State and Territory here. Bia name, as the probable nominee at Chicago, wh*n he c-.n afi'ord o be no, and popular prejudice i»-has jet arisen that the Treaty received its death- yoorelusea scratch Sgut—3 on with a loaded pistolblow at the last discussion upon it. irnd 1 unamed; 1 shall never notice you a«<ain." Col. roads in that State in 1856 have migrated. Nearly.aU from lawless invasion;1 feel constrained to reiterate the statement that Lauder then made his apologies to the proprietors of these voted at least once for Buchanan, and there U no X. And of preserving the integrity of'the Union andon bia sice; ^ho-e Aoti-lecomptonism was a merer- will give life and strength to our party in the aevere tri:-k to catch Northern votea, and secure hia reeleotioafr>.ndnltnt and jmrcbased votes. For tbo last two Sie induced in the call, save and except tbat portion of we shall buckle to and help elect him.yearJ that State has been handsomely carried by the tho numbt-r known under the distinctive appellative ofIn the mean time, pray let us conduct our diacussiona in the spirit of fairness and good fellowship.was never before carried tvvice successively againstHartford,COUD., March, 1860.CONNECTICUT.mittee," being one of those c*ndidatee, and by des- But what c^uiros has Mr. Ba'es? I answer: Justpocing tho Extension of Slavery.But I do not speak at random. Bear witness tho. Cocertainly hold thot tho tact that a native and citizenplatform of Principles jutt unanimously adopted by a of :i.Slave Sr«te caw fit, yours ago, to emancipate his large State Convention of tho Missouri Opposition, slaves ia proof presumptive that he does not believe compofcd almost entirely of Old-Line Whigo and Slaveiy tf.entialJy jufat, hnmaoe, be<-nficent, aucl that AmeriiiotB hitherto arrayed agaiuat UH. That platform he does not favor its extension. Bas Mr. Bdtes is is verbatim, as follows:Union ar*- also inquest ion able.With ret'erf rce to the pla'form to be adopted, let thefollowing sup-gesrioLS receive the consideration of the Repnb'iean part} :I. Slavery ia a local institution, and ia prohibited wherever not established.II. The Constitution permits States alone to estab- lishSlavery,andnotTenitoiiee,andhenceSlaveryin the Ten holies, ia illegal.III. Congreis should provide laws to carry out this construe!ion whenever necessary.IV. lhat tho General Government should obtain a suitable locality, oulaide of the Unitod States, for tho purpose of planting a negro colony, and offer "free h<>mcs," a free passage, atd other inducements to such free negn ea aa may wiah to emigrate thither, and for Biich siaves UHm*y be miinumiUed. (Thia ia to aeoure liberty to negroes, not fo abridge it.)V. Tbat the public landa should be made free to ac-to any one. or half-tare'tickets to clergyineu, are granttd, ana a conductor was recently discharged for allow ng an old officer of the road to ride, in a singla inatapce. without paying fu 1 fare. As these roala are intimately rcaled to the prosperity of our S'-ute, it ia plea-ant to chronie'e every improvement; and yet it ia possible, in the matter of atringent regulations, to ear- ly a good thing a little too far.sold near Mount Meigf, soon ran off with hi? purchas- ! the eminent men whoso nnmoB bu.o boon iniationod in con-er's bcr»e, also having in poseesrion a considerable nection witn the hi^h«»-t office in the ftift of the poopk-, wo know 185C. I must stop, though I have math more to urge.portion of money 6npposeo to be a p rtion of the pur- of no niuji BO wt-11 qnaMea by hij taJVntD, hl» MtatenmauMhip, hisinconnptible iutewrity, ar.a bin d-vot!on to the Union and chaM>moneyjectlvt;^byBauby.Thisnegrowasar- thoconeUtuiioD,totillthatImportantpost,a*EdwardBatesofreted m Tu»k*g«e ar,d brought back.Jt t« further alVged to us that Bagby, being con-fronted by tbe purchaMn. and charged as above, im- of good government and tho Constitution and the Union tomfdiately reiund tne purchase money for the two ne- jally under its foldn, de-termtned that, no far as we ar« concerned, Sm: Thero ia a good deal of surprise in this quar-fcroe*., j«K the city aud has since eent back for the v> e will not be driven from hi- support by the inuittitUe howl of ter, at several articlta which have appeared in certain jboluknnm—ti.ut ready weapon of our adversaries, which,other nfgToeB he had brought here. They haVe been alike in die bands of the w«uke«t and wisest of them, has been influential New-Y ork papera, respecting the Republi-righ'a to tbe children of both white and colored citi- 1Jsent o biro, a» Atlanta.If Bagby cannot make a clear title to the negroes,North, but in the South. With the sentiment of theMisiionri. To 111* ftuldunce wo are wiling to coutldo tho deati-nifi» of the Itt-public: and with his uoriie inncrib»<d upon ourbbtner, * e thin duy thr'-w it to the breeze, Inviting the frionUtt To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.nsed sgainot tbo best und purest of our statesmen "Mr. Editor, is this the voice of enemies of the have taken the ground that no candidate can receivefrom the frontier into the team of Cranston, would quaint, d. What they demand ia a practicable p'an for ored neighbor would occupy the same seats. Snouldaj cure before he was ever thought of for President? IJ. H. V. A. TIMEL Y CONSIDERA TIONS.can Cundidatea for the Presidency. These papersKoT.nbliean idea ? If it he, Qod grunt us more of them. the nomination of the Chicago Convention, unless he the abolition of Slavery, and tlioy will at once move in colored citizen reverse tho removal, he would have toUntitled Document1 nbonlo be glud to believe tbat tbe articles referred committing an error whi;h might"prove disastrous tocm Cftuee in Pennsylvania, I am mdnc-d fo addmw and ot no general signification; hut the prominence y< u ibin communication. It may,be proper to add that- of the writers, in the Republican p^rty, and theiY I.have ht on impelled to r in a great rneTaejare by thec.'»n mrni'cai'.ioTj from I>ancHater, in your p»rper«'f .this ( known partialities for a distinguished New-York C*n- date". It tn pOfsib e that 3 our correspondent m«y h0didale, compel UH to rfgard them as i>art of a pro- ct-riert in JPP belief tl at "niie-tenths of the Peoplo'a- gramme. Jt is necefsary toinqui e, therefore, whetuer " rary of J'< xDeiIvar-ia af<» in favor of S'moo Camo- any person is amborized to say that no candidate, oat- "ror>;" but in eaprtasiig this opinion, and in forming side of the technical Republican organization, is to be th'n judgment, it seoroa u> nm be totyl.'y rfiflrega^ds tbedecided sentiment so recently expressed by thia city,to, might he set aside as mere personal ioiosyncracy,1858, 'John M Bead's majority for Judge of che Sa- ri 1 n.e Court wan 6,528. To carry tbe State, Generalfeeling fcnd purpose with the Republican mjvesnent, " The Republican electors of the peveral 8tates, the Comet on aid bis friends must m->Ke up their minda dis- members of the People's T«fty of Pennsylvania, and of tu<t)y, in aovance, to do it without aid from this city.This certainly c«nnot be. • Nevertheless, the articles pose» of the Republican party to support its grea* lead- in quesiion are calculated to infuse iulo the miude of ers. It was tois element that, conw-ituted the Fillmore— The •Candidate^,", wMr. Sewaid w follov; ing obse? pouri:" Wed*net' coivc the ccmii ident; nor do * be thus nonu'-a to eay that w e i public repntauc he—cone to wt .paiiiotiam, and*»- trust of the i-'r ' quitted. T.> nsi of Uie Rep ibik ©rough that oj;question of >!a •ment and the- fc*a man canno: b old doc'iine in : Revolution and-of Waabingtou son, In the days gTacedin^o"*tl tiine of Roger-John Jay. Hec pa ea bn ow *a!je of the '.ss tho 8} o'( m or i agre-fa with ua know tbat hr h«ew, demoraii ?entec by who* D e m o c r a t i c rux advat>cs—nx wi used by any tl Chaxleiton c\m<—The NatioE tho time for h< upon tbel6ta d pc-na to be the b.—Parson i*re position in the '." W e wiil be to the Son !i :ta either. For th port orecun'cE cannot s*n';t:>t cai.dicatcs u- Slavery agitati entitV-S w tlu>: thus Union. S nomiijau d by <KTats at Chxrl tbatSewardai cannot <x.un ei and atroWo <au»c he fa as< Union, cotv-erv liotter ar>d tnon named, and we&venet now UE <LLfguise our poi enough,to eoi ft them."—Cteet. Henr; for Governor fortunate in his for C&r-al CocatJames M.'Powi thossand mi-01 •turned up aa a 1 iut was defe'utt th.e other by J< ran for CoDg re* X)emocrat:<\ -..n tunc of eleven— The K..xiem Democrhy: "Theyshe.v and foot, to-;=c diciary l>epar«r down our thrOj Pemocratic staijja*«,they have Whig party, ro enrich-their can principles of thorn on the l>c—A Dou;, elected in,Aaeu pariah in tr it dence in M were adopt* d,—Tbe Chai each State c college; bui. :; Convention v egates oa v< the former v* Beside these, t Executive CoConvet.(ion.; ^Moreover, .». ilasre of the par! so that the Co: member a.—Onthe OSJ S4thyear,ih\ married Jea:i him in ISib. ter, the w:iV e: died axUerai [\N^w-Yoik are acting treacherously, or that some ofstruggle which ia impending in our State election. Ito the Senate.Such ia the feeh'ng in the minds of honest men ia this region of the Wrst, where the vote of the old Clay Wbigp, Americans, ana Fillmore men—not yet affilia* fed with either party— a likely to torn tbe sc*Ie. AU that in needed ia for he coui try to bave one successfulNevertheless, our Delegates will go into the ChicagoConvention, to take counsel with other De'egates, in admjniptration of the Government under Republican:viewof thegreatand paramount intereeta involved; rule,andthesemenwill be as firmly attachedtothe- party, and ap ready to support ita meaaureflL aa if they and they will act aa the facts presented shall make it had oeen among ito eariier supporters. Aod when theconsideration in making the selection of the RepublicanutanCard-bearer, to . omit any of which will be fatal to poneroualy and juatly by the South aa well as themoderate portion of tbia latter aection I am well ac- BOOU ascertain that hie children and those of his col-POLITICSIN SOUTHERN INDIANA.ILLINOISANDfor Mr. Chase of Ohio, or Abraham Lincoln of Illinois, at» the conservative element in the South, and make Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 