 IEWS KRtM T B E PA€IFICAEE1VAL OF;j*»AH..umfcburgar»,sAthe fron„the knife he r4g§i, and while laof Maddux k Booth, an od and -toLtFrancaco^eh. 15,MaryjkandMaryByrne, aged8yean ABw, Peter, sgedt months and 18 days, nareats., The PoTtand /few remarks that < to cortaov*'!* these l"«J»a1 on tbe nump.seaabe expected."atths Gen. Joaeob Lane as theuntil the arrival of91,196,7^05*a*«fcEA.iUK«: toagreeoaaverdk*hidworedJscbarged. Thsseoead trmlat fixed for March «. This a one of sSe strangest easts that has come up a Una city for a number ofyears.band,whichwascutsevere,eoiy was aimed a bis breast, went Into hto moutk,was prevented from doing desperate work, aycontact with his teeth. The front, however, penetrateadatefortbenextPresidency,mbjodto CARWNc.To.v-In Sacramento, Feb, 17, Marian, daughter the Charleston OoaresUon.•f the State of Caaca. ThefiENERft HERRAN ANDFREE PORTS.wife of Captain Joseph & Garcia, aged So* yean and 3One hundred and twenty pack mutes and horsesten erery day.btes to the amount of 8400, part of which had covered. Most of the States of the ooafedm traaquO.New Granada.foaiti Tartia! on the United States Ships CyaneandSabine.line to Lincoln, eighteen miles north of Kolsom, by tbe 1st of June, may be considered a ftxed fact. The track Is al- ready aid for a distance of three mites north of Folsom, and on the 15th tost an engine, and train of cars passed ever the new suspension bridge at the tatter place for t h e first time. The excavating and grading a already o o m - Steted to Lincoln, and the work of laying down the trackMarj-Bvtlte.fitted up in elegant style, and the proprietors dressed to naval uniform, assuming t b e names o f Captain Hudson, Commodore Y anderbilt, Purser Stamm, a s suits their purpose. On the wall to a large rosewood board, with numerous keys, answering supposed staterooms, the keys for which a r e handed t h e deluded passenger when h e purchase* bis ticketyoungest daughter of James and Emeline Kelly, aged 11 months and 13 days.Bosoam.-Ia Sacramento, Feb. 11, Joseph Kobner, aged 8 years and 1% months. „ _Kao.—In Ssn Francisco, Feb. 14, Mr. Isaac King, native of Washington City, aged SO years and 2 months.Li-ssAY.-In Sacramento, Feb. 7, Martin J. Lussay, aged 2yeanand10months.of the committee should be present, as the action to be bad will have a very material bearing upon the State aad PrtBMeataj elections.thagena, to pursuance of orders from tba Sseeebva «.• the nation, tbe official G<u«ae of Bogota of the 27tei contain a decree signed by tbe hucrstall af 1ifeilowtegla the-IKKjk.VRI I J ; T .Meyer $^342 Gex B Chim17,800 «KMawtaokOo.. 17,390 Chas. W. Crosby — 12,000prosecuted. limantour left here over a year ago, and has not returned. He is believed to be to Mexico. Hia claim amounted to nine square teagues, including numerous Islands—yetItwasdecidedby theDistrtstCourtthatthe papers were ail forgeries; and no one, thus far, has beenhis wound.FOISOM A.\T> rrs GRAXITK QTABRISB—The Folsom Exprett says .—The granite hills between Folsom and Mormon Is- land,stretching four to five miles along the American river, otter to the inhabitants a permanent source of em-STOW—In San Francisco, Feb. 14, Kate H., daughter or W. W. and Ann E Stow, aged 4 years and 6 monns.asHardy*C>4,091 A.£.Ti!ton_.TAYLOR.—In Sacramento, Feb 7, D W. C. Taylor.OurMarch, says:—correspondent,writingo nt h e3 do fAspiawallteadiDK article of trade. Purchasers, on tbe other hand, emptory check. N o treaty exists between o a r govern-a party to the suit, without any Interest whatever ia the he aider of RobertJ. Walker and other proIB the Eastern States, who covet the quick-pace in the jail yard, sad were witnessed by about fifty persons.Peter Lundbeyg has been found guilty of murderto the first degree, In the Sacramento District Court, for ki»ugMnme—DIUONS-OX —In San Francisco, at Grace church, Feb. 14,by Rev. F.C.Ewer. Mr. J.Frank Milter to niss Elizabeth Dickinson, formerly of Statea Island.MOTLKY—YAGSB.—At Sutter Creek, Feb. 2, David Motley to Mary Yager.factory collaterals are more abundant tban during thepreceding fortnight, a n d n o difficulty extoto In obtainingaccommodation on snob. The heavy freight require-ments of the present month, together with the limitedamount of bustores done, bare to no small degreeincreased tbe demand for money with which to ventnra, Intelligence bad been received of the breaking meet engagements for that approaching steamers.$«,000SPAI UIBG.— In San Francisco, Feb. 17, Lillie A. Spauld- tog. sged 16monthsand18days.64,500SHEET.Stwtaato of a straage toad will prere a great card—especially dagger, eor ,* is, toek#B k m g , retted to s t r a a a t m . m w 4 f e . W. and MciOftoA. Bloor, aged 2 years, 1 feet in uagrateful Califomta and go to Oregon%tbe tongue on the upper pert ' At this time Sanford got latenitirgIntelligencefromCalifornia, OaMondaynightlast,twomercantileArmsofthjsetty holdTotlittknife,andmadeastrikeatthewoald-ae»imar- 90years.Bbelted the ship Btoadel, which had cleared for OaI»f, f^tJA Commbia, Waahingten TWrri- claimteg about11,000 for damages to cargo. Apsputyderer, which told, aa blood could be traced some-*at*nceafter the wrctebes made their escape. So many load erascf murder they feared were about to briog aid,_and theymade a timely retreat, aad without accompiabdnf theirdUboheal object Daring the eight, sereral arrest* weremsde, cne of whom was Mr. Saniord's own son, who, it a seed 81 yearsMilanu> furorr o r rsa ssnr ausjaa.John, wooescapedfrom(hepenitentiaryatowdayssince,were hsvtaeteariybrokenout.ItIsbl|hlyprobable taltatS! caught by a company of citizens on the Oewttto rtrer. States of tbe confederation will becomeTtaVoired^ A T ^thirty miles above M nticello A n Iadtan boy bad bean long a general revolution throughout the rsnahu. J ! £til fated Northerner Hawamped, aad he w as drowned. His remains were buried yesterday by the Masonic fra- ternity.ticket office in West street, New York, where, on tbe de- parture of every steamer, tickets are sold at an advance upon tbeseveral companies' rates—steerage betagsold for second cabin tickets; and, in many cases, the passen-HOOAB.—In Ssn Fraacttoo, Feb. 18, Joseph Cyras H e gan.sged 9 months, infant ton of Thomas and HonorsJoHKBOsr.-InVlFalto,Feb. 7,JohnPage,infantsonofN.The construction of tbe California Central Railroad iswee ass ti sonant B a a BWe singular that wbitot Geaa Ksxxr.-In San Francisco, Feb. 14, Emeline Kelry, gress. It a desirable and important that every member ral fierrante exacting a.oowjpromtoe wtth NietoatOar-iprogressing finely. Mr.Charles L Wilson,under whosesuperintendencetheroad hasbeenconstructedso far, a now on his way to New York for the purpose of purchasing material for the completion of the line toBLOODVAHDFATALAVTAIBATJETSTLnro,CAIAVBRAS Oonrrr—OnSunday,6thFebruary, L.L Roberts, Jus- tice of Pesce at Jenny Lind, ordered constable Parsonto arrett a Mexican named Jesus , who was stronglyFebruary 4, white attempting to rob the chicken roost of a Mr. Knigbtlinger, by a musket, which wan so arranged that on opening the gate a string leading to the trigger woulddischargethepiece. Tbecontentslodgedtothe spine,andafterseveralhoursofintensesufferingtheboy dad.APrREHENDKD ATTACK BY THE SNABU INDIANS. For some time, iays tbe Oregon Ttme*, of February 11,there has been unmtstaitable indication of a coatotnpla ted attack b y t h e Snake Indians on the Warm Springs Reservation. Mr. Abbott, sob agent at that pans, has been watching tbe movements of tbe Snakes rary closely,things, all tbe acta o f Governor Nieto null aad ialso ordering that the necessary dscusaana tohim be placed to the bands ofths Attorasy General ar theConfederation. / V ^ ^TbeAttorneyGeneraltoths)brotheroftoototeGerm nor af Bolivia, who was driven from office by Btoto saA and if tbe attar should get into bis clutches it • act to be expected tba he will fare very welLR e Court Marttol which has been to)m nes oeen in sasnon en boardtbe United States stoop-of-war Cyane,rwarCyane.a t b a port, atomNEW YORK HERALD, MOSDAT, MARCH 1 2 , 1860.-TRIPLBU4fBsjlmtA.stoans^sisn»yenrsHf«rariyof March The arrival of seventy tt these inhabit ford. heariag ^ .otto, awoke, aad as ^ ^ • • J j T i S onT^m Maryivita, FeB. 12, George W , only child papers have it Utat ex Gov. Welter was about toCala,badOarrHto'tsa. d b?ntoj jnn* ^ n ^ ^ * ~ ^ ;the msia floor, they Opened A s frcnt door, jpro.i February, aad would thus be hero *"teg the enable tbem to v^* their escape, if n e j ^ ^ J » d * a of Arr-v00* dateg Mm Portland are to Feb. W. Theaa tome of them will be very high dignitaries. TKSCAsaesjjmciosi tjusa » .Dossar Robert P. paao.Mlasliiil M r s4s%att&g s «dtMiwytog acids lyttg in fVamt oftheVanoh Mint, aad Mi-wkit forth*useoftftatee»Abb>hm?nt,wsft triedtoitsronee Court last week, befsre a jury. They were uosMs came down tbe seconduis moswj • *» ^, * l Idaya. * K.awoodtery, Caito, Pwra, Ecuador, Bo- livia, Hew Granada and the Sandwich Islands.THECIVIL 1 1 1II HEW GUIUi chartered and chase gtvea- Thirty weQ armed um were on board. Three V w r s fail brooght t h e Marshal and ha posse to the BkmdeL fjapato Luat made no re- satsneenhe vessel was pneed m charge of an officer MOSQTJEHA IN T H E FIELD. and » n men, sad arrived in the harbor next day..Cap- tain Lunt was' admitted to bafl.aad a Wu is » beexhibUed agatosthimtothegrandJury. Themasterofthetagmm discharged, the Dntrict Attonay^being matted that ho was not aware of the character of the offljer who pro-tested against the Blendel going to sea. KltiCSlLASIBOl-S 1TBWB.The body o f Mr. French, late ftrst ofltoer of the steamer Northerner, lost some time since off Cape Mendocino, h a sV I FUEE HEfilOBS LIVE OS TEE ISTHMT5. been found on the beach and brought t o this city. D e ceased acted with great heroism, and lost bis life whia vainly seeking to save Miss Gregg, one of the passengers. Thendyrefusedtoleavetheshipexcepttocompanywith Mirder t f Captain Lambert, of the her brother. French went to a boat from the shore, withsome volunteers from the crew, but before reaching tbe swindled until it is too late to be remedied. There is a company A, Fourth Infantry, U.8.A.United SUtes Marshal proceeded oa board aad serred tneprowss. tarty next morning a steamtug w»J°f*te<*.'n*taeBkmdeltewtdouttosee. .T»e Marabal had the ohoteegtven to ban of a trip to Oatao or retnrafcg to Sea Ftan-eaco. He preferred the latter, and reported the fl«htor generally thought, a imphcated. One of the men orrest-ed Mr. Sanford recognise* as being the man who attempt- ed to kill blm. The other party bad about him a knife which was> duplicate of the one the would be murderer kit behind. With the knife a hat w a s also toft, which has b«en>c< gnlzed.tote of Rich Gulch, Gaareras county, formerly of Indiana,ted by them the day after their escape atoo todnced p a r - repeals the tow which hasthe ship. Sir hours passed, when a telegraphloreport reached the Marshals office that tbe Bkmdel * * e „ V » f he- calmed, twelve mttsa off th e Golden Gate or Heads. A steamer, the same one used to the morntog, was at ot.eeDavisi-lnSsnFrancteoo,Fab.11,LffltoAnn.eldestchild of John and Eliza M.Davis, aged 5 years and 8 days, his appearance, it would not strike ass/ person that such It is rather a curious tea ore to ths quarrel thuhet.British Naff, at Lint.Bevclution in the Stateof Gauca, progrewicg with such rapidity that the completion of the ger Is robbec of tbe balance of his monoy. The office Isfrom him. Tne vi.lains be(Sanford)hallooingPROTECTIONTO EMIGRANTS.—A bill is pending before theCalifornia Legntature, which provides for tbe s^t^atmentof a Commissioner, to reside to New York, whose duty ttshall be to »id in protecting the Calitornto em grant fromthe operations Of bogus ticket sellers. It contemplates togive t h e Commissioner so appointed the ofBctal authorityto perform the dutt#s assigned him. It has been intro-duced at the request of the St George Emigrant Society,of New York, (or the purpose of aiding that society insuppressing the villany of these ticket swindlers. Here-tofore n o remedy b a a been devteed that will mast andavert the evil alluded to. The bogus ticket swindlers arefrequently arrested; but, on account o f poUtioal Mrrices,they get dear, by sbnply disgorging the money obtainedfrom the poor emigrant. But, as most of t h e passengersare booked on the morntog of tbe departure of the merly of Galena, Illinois. steamer,tbevictimrarelydacoversthatbehasbeen HBRZOO-In Steilacoom,W.T., Jan. 81,HiHerzoo, ofLAMOTT.-InSacramento,Feb.16,Anthony,son of An- thony and Martha R. Lamott, aged 8 months aad 11 days. MowasEY.-InSanFrancaco, Jan. 18,Tnomas Michael Japanese CommUsioners e n The engineers bare completed th e preliminary survey suspected as a borse thief. The constable, says th e San Morrttey, eldest son of P . H. and Ann Morrisey, aged 6 years, 9 months and 6 days Also, on Feb. 14, h a young- est brother, John Henry Morrisey, aged 2 years and 8days.Mown—In Sacramento, Feb. 14, George Carroll, son of• , -I„-I»-I--~I.-••—.-*•--••"•i•—•-—•—••••————.—*route tor Waahinaton.of a railroad route between Auburn and Nevada, and say that the grade will not exceed eighty feet to th e mile o a any part of the road, and that the deepest catting will not be more than thirty feet.AI Areas InMtpttteknt, repaired to a dance house where Jetus was harboring, but pitched upon tb e wrong man. Ihe person thus arrested was discharged as aeon as the mistake was recogaised. Meantime, the real offender hadColonel E D. Baker, a defeated candidate for Congressat the last election, left here on the 17th Inst, for Salem,where he purposes permanently locating. Hs is spoken ofas republican candidate for the United States Senate fromOregon. Ex-GovernorWellar,itisreported,atoo intends secured. It wasfound that be had had four ballet bara,andgranddaughterofthelateDonJosedelaGuerraemigrating to Oregon. He goes. If at all, with similar views.wounds en dlfierent parte of h a person, one to tne shoulder,onetotbeback,onetothsarm aadonetothe leg. Jesus Is a very dark greaser, wl>h a bold and inso- lent carriage and a spirit to match. H4 swears ven- geance igainst two of the party who arrested Uim, in casey Noriega, aged 22 years.Sunn.—In SanFrancisco, Feb.9, Wm. 0.Smith,aIt is understood that the parties who are on the bond ofJose Y. Limantour, a Frenchman, who presented a chumfor nearly the whole of San Francis -o, which was rejected,and who was afterwards indicted for perjury, are to be be escapes punishment Roberts died on the 8tk from Spain.Bros 2,000 HdrbeckftCb 3,000 punished. It is not at ad likely that Limantour will ever ployment, and Indeed opulence. Tbe granite of this dis-B. Weir 13.309 J. Goldsmith &Co... 8,000 appear here again. trict is dear, milk grey, fine, and close grained, and ad- native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 32 years. per bead; chickens, 82 60 and 83 per dozen; turkeys, 818;Jen, Patrick k Co. 71,000 Jf nuings ft Brewster 9,000 JJUrtry,Byrnee*kCo.. 3,400 Order 12,033 BLaHTi.fkcJ/..8a.Bacon.1,970 WSeliimmftCo...28,000. MenderkO. Adams 9,000 Henry J. Hallet 10,000 l*Oo 12,000 Samuel 6 . Reed ft Co 2,420prevent the prostitution and vagrancy of children under covering the entrance at the Golden Gate, have bean faced Fen. 14, Wilmer H., son of Horace Woods,aged 8 yean eggs. 86c per dozen; bacon, sides 12c., shoulders 1 0 c , seventeen years old. It a intended to break up the with our granite Tbe plinths and pedestals of several and 9 months. hams 16c.: lard. 12c a 15c. per lb ; white beans, 83 per svg;em ct importing hurdy gurdy and dancing girls from monuments in tbe eemelries around San Franoaco hive WOOD—In Honolulu, S. I., Jan. 19, Sarah W., wife of bushel; buckwheat floor, $5 per 100 lbs; oornmeal, 6c ; Germany. been obtained bere, and beautiful they look. Tbe prin- J. H. Wood, Esq. Mrs. Wood was born in Salem, Mass. bogs, 6c. per lb : wheat, 75c. per bushil: oats, 75c.; hay,Tbe following are the rates of passage on the steamers cipal material ot the courthouse and prison of suwuu has By particular requtst of the deceased, sbe was burled ia Timothy, $18 per ton.way—and not unfrequently mere are required to de toeDr. J . B Gordon, recently appointed United States Cos- snl for Valparaiso, Chile, sailed hence for that port w the 29th ult. In the Engltoh steamer. H e reberee Dr. Trivett, Wbo has been transferred to tbe Caitao consulateIhaveconversedwithagentlemandirect fromBogota, wbo assures me that, at t h e tone tbe Bibles were burssd at that place, Gen. Jonas, our Mintoter, was am present, and consequently knew nothing of the transaction. If tins be so, Gen Joan has been unjustly censured by a pontes the American preenGen. Belzu, former President o f Bolivia, who has ban sojourntottoEuropefor somettmepast,saltedbeamforFalconerkOo. J- « - Parker b Son.F Mckerson. 1,400 Order6,214 5,800 5,370leaving here to-day for Panama. On the Golden Age. from beta obtained here; end w e are thoroughly persuaded the garden of ber own premises.San Francisco toNewYork; first cabin. »15750and thatsosoonassomeofthearchitects ofSanFraucisao WYMAB.—In San Francisco, Feb.16,Lizzie, infantNews from British Colombia.The dates from Victoria a n to Fob, 10.The Port Townsbend Gazette says to reference to thetote alleged invasion of British territory:—We see thatthe Victoria papers a r e making a great ontsry aboutan "Outrage at Lengtoy," as they call it The whole0,200 Order3,000 Tnos. J. Hand ft Co. 2.510$132 50; second cabin, $66; steerage, $47 5 a On the and Sacramento begin to order granite columns, plinths,daughter of Maggie B. and B Henry Wyman.MnrBets.SAB FBAXCTSCO, Feb. 17,1800.Although we would scarcely be Juiuaoo in announcing a decided improvement to trade since tbe sailing of the steamers of the 6th tost, still there are indications which cannototherthanbeacceptedasmorefavorablethan•,000 Butcher ft Bros 99,000 PeckhamfcCoChampion, first cabin. $1C0; second cabin. $65, steerage, $47 60. To New Orleans, an advance of $25 on above rates.A bill has passed the Legislature granting to unmarried men a homestead right to the amount of $2,500.frc., for fronting the new buildings, which are every day begun to the big cities, then will a demandfor our granite spring up, which will surprise and gladden us all When ad tbe gold in this district shall he worked out, the ever- lasting granite will remain, and will afford a far more htaltby and permanent source of tmseojmentti all con-4,250 63.270 3,000 6,215 4S.556 iKelly ft Co.. 49 COO Win. Hoge ft Co.... 35,000 CbnroyftO'Connor.10'00 Amer.F.xch.Bank..61,000Patrick..... 64 roo Wells, Fargo ft Co.. 155.000:ft OB. 45,400 H. K GifflnDo. 10,000 Holoombe ft Bro.... A . 8. iftCo 7 ,1 0 0 Metrorwhtan Bank..The long protracted controversy relative to the ChiefFiigineeiship of the San, Francisco Fire Departmenthut cerned than the much valued ore.b.<ndeposedefbytheSupremeCourtinfavorofF.E.R. Whitney. It is decided that neither Nuttmann or Lane EXXVTK i.v AM> ESCAPB FBOM 3AM JOBS JAIL — A bout nine noticed curing tbe pieced tog fortnight This favorable is entitled to the of.ice. o'clock on Satnrcay morning, 11th February, an emeute aspect, however, consists rather in a somewhat accelerat-J. B Coghill* Co.. 14,000 Bo HCehnbCo 14,000 FreemanftCo1,21* A. McLane KittleftCo..40,000.$1,198,711 Oar Panama correspondent, writing on the 3d orCommission,atSemtohmoo,onBritishsoil,byconsent, took a tie of soldiers snd went orer to Fort Langiey, and arrested two deserters from his company; which he had asmuchrighttoasiftheaffairbadtranspiredonAme-tosuspectedthathehasformedacoalitionwiththeOss- tilla party of Peru against President Linares of BolirtoJoseph F Joy, Efq , Heuretary of the Panama Railroadtowards the genwal govsrameat ever aCASTRO-In SAcramento, tab, 9, Dolores Oastro, aged Chsrley, alias Obtt CaTton, and Hatwell, two convicts, of the electiontow by Congress: aad BOW thnthXmn^lof S and Amanda CWrtogton, aged16 months aadtdaya.The Portland/Vct« of February 18, says that HacdsoneCAKKOU —Ia Ban Francisco, Feb 10, Bernard only son of a and Mary OarroU, aged %yean1, 4 Bid SB days.murdered on a farm near Montteelio, a a d t h e convicts be expected. Thtt is almost eerteBtTT* * E DavmeoB.—In Sacramento, Feb. 7. Newell Davidson, were suspected of being the cau*e of it. The theft commit- pace takes Congress, at Btof scarlet fever.DBBSUL—la Marysville, Feb. 0, Charles B , oary son ofJen. aad Kate DsBeil, aged 1 year and 11 months.DAVIS - I n Sacramento, Feb. 1 1 , Patrick Davis, ageda vast display of force was necessary to return him t s bis old quart, rs The eoavtote were destitute ef the comnecessaries of life, having neither blankets nor proBy Messrs Tracy &Oo A messeoger from the Dalles we have tafermatten that Or. Randall, of the army, hasar- rived from AValla Walla, with a considerable amount o f Similkameon and Colvflte gold sons two pounds and a haltCtaun to be aith the governmeat tarty HatesfromBogoaIretota« atoWjthagena to tbexnd alt Tan KCMM, to,tton psper at Bogota, says that forced ^hstnvnu fo7tL army had commenced again, aad tbe GOV»TK» **ti? Stat* of Candtoamanoa had l^eea^laoaa aTibe^kead^ the troops.tOyeers.anatrreef Vfrgma. ^FobTEB.-In Sacramento, Feb.11,Jacob Foster, aged Uyears, a native of Yorkshire, England.FOUCHKK.-In Honolulu, Jan. IS, French 6 . reaches,printer, a native of Abingdon, Va. but for many years a resident of that city, aged about 39 years.B, aad Sarah & Johnson, aged 0 months.28dJaaasThe two ISpotaandMcCartney. TbeformerWMfullyaeqatoAdu all the chargre and specifications preferred sgatasthka and the tatter has been sent home and ordered to rcaeri himself to tbe Secretary of the Navy, tor-ceedtogs of the court In tbe case have beeA Court of Inquiry a now being halfLockweod, which will probably be to •days or two weeks. T h e court a nnainnsig o f "nnttkw Rodd a n d Ritchie. A lieutenant was atoo detattedsTt Commander Lockwood having objected to tus servtac to the court, be was whhdraWB. ^Another Court Martial h a s been ordered to be bald n board the Saranac, to try two officers, Tisnlsssiand Field, o f that ship, who got into a personal <a few days since.Governor Obaldia, of thto State, has sdilismil a pstl titiontothe general government to support of one for warded to Bogota some ttme stoos, snrtog to raw tba same object, viz: asking that ens-ban' e f the income de rived from tbe Panama Railroad Company be allowed to the State o f Panama. T b e amount received from tbe con pany is three per cant of tbe net earnings of tbe read, a l of which goes to the general governmentTbs steamer Columbus, which h a s bean undergotag thorough repairs, w m b e ready to toko bar pace to toe Central American line on or about the 80th tentThe Enghsh Steamship Company willdtopetch a steamer in a day or two from thto port to Baenaventura, Goaya qui!, and intermediate ports; aad hereafter regular trips will be performed twice a month l i a s sun tows para There a a gentleman now hare to make arrangements to place two or mors steamers of another company to the same trade.Tbe bustoew of the Panama Railroad to rapidly aarsas Belmont* Co..128,0-JO Am Excb. Bank.... 80,000 A bill has passed both Bouses of the Legislature to mits ofvery tine cutting. Tbe batteries at Lisas Point, WOODS.—In American Township, Sacramento county, cheese, 25c. per lb.; batter, from 25c. to 86c per lb.; tog. Four freight trains are now daily run—twoeachTbestockholdersoftheAtlanticand Pacific Telegraph a>medhim*ellwithasixshooterandwas preparedfora Geo. W.sadHarrieta Mows,aged6yeanand10months. sndaboutthe 25th ult,became sowellconvincedthai markets, Marriages, Death* and Company are actively engaged at present extending the vigorous resistance. The constable approached and in- NKLSOX—In San Fraacaoo, Feb. 13, George P . Nelson, hostilities were soon to^omsaeooe that be made a requisi- line from Fresno to Visaha. Parties are BOWat the latter formed him that be must yield as a prisoner and ge before son of Capt Charles aad Mrs. M. Nelson, aged 1 year, 11 tion on the commanding offieer at Fort Dalies for adetach- place procuring poles and conveytogthem along the road. the justice; whereupon Jesus drew and fired, his shot months and 18 days. ment of troops to protect tbe Reservation and public pro- Branch lines are also in course of construction. passing above and close to Paxson's shoulder. Just then, PARKER—In Hamakua, Hawaii, Jan 10, Rathe', wife of perty, and at tbe same ttme adopted rigid precaution- Tne discovery of silver and quicksilver mines is now Roberts, the Justice, who was present, m et tbe Mexican J. P. Parker, Esq. Mrs. Parker had been married forty- ary measures to avoid attack, and to repel ttJtojrwssnaaajsj ontbe2aaau. led ot ware those of Lteateaaanan every day occurrence. Traces of silver have been as he was passing out of tbe door andfiredat him. but three years, and had three children, twenty-two grand-found within a few miles of this city, and the Carson Val- miesed his aim, and received a shot that entered hisa,pta»»Jl at 8d0 P. M., March 3, with SSf passenger* high hopes entertalBed of their wealth. In Sonera county river, pursued by from thirty to fifty persons. He swamchildren and onegreat grandchild.PATTRRSOB —In Folsom, Feb. 17, Ella, daughter of A. D .and Mary S. Patterson, aged 0 years, 2 months and 28 days.PARKER —In San Francisco. Feb. 16, Selim Frederick, youngest cbild of Robert A. and Helen M Parker.PLEGX—In Ssn Franoaco, Feb. 17, Emma Ptoge, daugh- ter of Henry and Lnnette Ptoge, aged 8 yaare, 1 month and 26 days.Tne steamship Attontc, Captain R. H. Feanm. toft ley or Washoe diggings promise rich yields. Emigra-tion is about commencing to the Utter place. There are side. He fell instantly, and the Mexican mad* for theMd 8!,19»,711 M B treasure, and a-rived at this port at 13 M. yesterday, making th e passage la wven days aad nave 3 hours.Bae AUant'c !ef New York, at3 71 r. M.,February 90. AtCSiA.M,Feb.21,passed theNorth Star. Ar' rhred in Aapit vail at 8 A . M ., Fab. 2). The passengers aaa aewspeper express crossed the isthmus aad sailed for Bam Francisco the same day. The North Star arrived a tnsptow*ll at 10:80 P. M.tne ateamahip Golden A ge ten San Francisco Feb. 90>and arriTed at Panama tt 10.30 A. M , March 3 , making ia twelve days.near the celebrated Geysers, a quicksilver lead, recently the Calaveras three times to bafflo his pursuers, but was discerned, is now being worked. Another mine ofthe followed closely by Frank Tudor. The two leaptupasame metal has been found to Suite Clara county. The Oregon papers are full of accounts of gold and silver mites coming to light in that State.sharp firing during tbe chase, and were frequently within a rod of each other at the time of shooting, but the un- certain light of the moon saved Tudor from being bit The tatter at length brought the Mexican to a halt by sending a bullet through his leg. Nothing daunted, he pitched into Tudor wnn h a clubbed pistol, but w a s soon over- powered by the superior strength of the tatter, andright side, pat-sing near the spine and out at the leftif made until mintary aid should reach him. Tbe commander a t Fort Dalles could n o t , under regular orders, detach t h e necessary force until special orders should be received from tbe departmental headquarters. Tba betag made known to Ssnerintondent Gerry, that officer told tbe matter before General Harney, wbo Immedtotely Issued the necessary order, and a force snfActent to meet tbe anticipated emergency, will be moved to the Reservation at ones, to t b e meantime, ere learn b y despatches from Mr. Abbott that t h e Snakes, having learned through scouts and antes ofthe measures adopted to meet an attack, are believed to hare changed their pans snd postponed their descent upon ths Baser- ratten: bat that it will be made soon unless deterred by a competent military force, M r. Abbott to thoroughly con vtoced. ir, however, tho troops arrive on the ground before hostilities actually- commence, w e presume t b e Snakes will retire without making any demonstrations.There are about one thousand Indians on tbe Beasrra- tion, wbo are to continual dread of tbe Snakes, and who, Mr. Abbott says, will make buta feeble resistance if at- tacked.PRICE8 OF DOMESTIC PRODUCE IN OREGON.The Salem Statesmen gives the following prices o f d o - mestic ptoduce to that place on tbe Ssth ult:—Apples, fall, 1,'jC per lb , winter, 5c. a 6c.: potatoes, 36c. a 40c. per Wiirra.—In San Francisco, Feb. 16, Catharine White, a bushel; turnips, 60c ; onions, 82; cahoago, 10s. to 16c.ROOSTS —At Jenny Lind, Calaveras county, Feb. 10, Dr. Louis L. Roberts, a native of MassachusettsRowxsoji.—In S a n Francisco, F e b . 1 1 , Anna Maria Elena, eldest daughter of Alfred Robinson, of Santa Bar-native of the Isle of France, aged 88 yean.SAIN?,r ABDO—In Martinez, Feb. 4, MattesSainsy Aedo,aged 23 yean, a native of Carransa, province of Yizcaya,Aprimaryelectiontookptaqetothiscityto-day,toelect tookplaceinthecountyJail atSanJose. Tnejailer, edJobbtegrequirement.thanInaaincreaseddemandfor5,000 delegates to the Democratic State Convention, which is to Mai tin Roohan, accompanied by H. Doyle, was giving the •rods to first bands. The former being the legitimate rican soil instead of Mr. Boll's, as tba a a privilege that present week.11,500Company,paidaflyingvisittotbaIsthmusduringtbeCast if Judgefirry—The AlmadenVines—TheIndian Wari—Army Newt—The Japanese Mwdnsnm en geon, Chas. B. Wood; T*aymaster, Wm. H. J. Brown; As-JtiO. T . Goweland; Second Master, G eo A - Browning; Oil from the Custody of the UrtiU-1 States Marshal—Her Clerk, Jas. L- Croker; Englncer-in charge, Fras. Brosk- Aonpc and Re Capture— Jh; Cote if Dr. Chase—Dwmts toc; Second Engineer. Fxiward Lewis; Sscond Engineer, William Uolloway. The Plumper will bo docked at Mare Islnnd and have her keel repaired, and then return to Vancouver Island to resume surveying operations. T h e Plumper saluted tbe American flag at nine o'clock A M . Saturday morning, with twenty-one guns. The salute ito the District Courts. This act Is Intended for th e was returned from Fort AJcatraz, at twelve o'clock M.,HOLLAKD—LrcHBTi—In Georgetown, Feb. 7, B, fl. Hol- land to Ada LuckeitHKJUMIOTT—CAW—In PlacervlUe, Feb. 14, by Rev. Father Larigan, A. P . Herrgott to J. C. Oelena Caw.HOUR—BKIBIUBO—In SanFrancisco,Feb. 8, Mr.Henry Ho\i* to Miss Lttly Heimburg, both of San Francisco.IDS—ROACH—In Tehama. Feb. 12, D. W. Ida to Anna Maria Roach.JACVBCS—BRAXBR.—In San Francisco. Feb. 12 by Rev. Dr. Scott, M r . Charles Jacobus t o Miss Josephine L Brancr.JACKS—WoonRrrr—in Napa Valley, Feb.7,byRev. Mr.Veedcr,Gen.W.S.JackstoabbyT.Woodrutf.JO.NKS—FAKLCT—At Casta Grand, Sonoma county, Feb. 14, Wm G. Jones to Rebecca Ann Farley.spring trade, under which many articles may appreciate to market value: and then to but too good reason to fear that this acceleration of business, and i a probable atten- dant, better prices, may again develop* the desire to ship inordinately to this market If our Eastern friends would only wait till pay tog rates had been reached, the case would be fraught with less of evil, but any Improvements, however slight, ordinarily suffice; increased shipments are ventured, the first knowledge of which, on this side, at once cuts short whatever improving tendency m a y hare been manifested; and for the reason, that the ship- mentof anyonearticle,or class ofgoods, to moderate quantities,seemstohavepassedentirelyoatofdate,one considerable shipment of the kind being usually the fore- runner of many others. Thus, a failure to attain to cost and charges has frequently resulted in reference to many arttetes that we might enumerate.Still,tbeintelligencereferredtohas impartedadegree offirmnesstoseverallinesofgoods,whlsb,forsome time past, bare labored under extreme depression. More confidenceisleitinthese,andimportersseemmorewil- ling to await a legitimate demand, and to abstain from pressing sales in sll esses where such a coons can, with- out inconvenience, be avoided.FINANCIAL.There has been an appreciable increase ia the amountofgoldbullionfindingMswayfromtheinterior withinthe pastfortnight,showingthatactivitytorecoveringthrough out tbe ton elevated mtotof regions, when ton impedi-vernor ef Vancouver Island.• Sliouldthisrumorprovetrue,HisExcellency Governor Douglas, Companion of the most Honorable Order of the Bath, bo , will have to domicile himself in British Colum- bia or retire to tbe shades of private life, either of whichevents would be a sour «e o f mash gratification t o t h e people of Victoria, though they would prefer h a going to British Columbia, because to that event, they think many of the negrore would follow blm.The •'colored element" intend holding a meeting soon, totakeintoconsideration the Harper's Ferryaffair,and toabolish slavery to tbeUnitedStates,ordissolvethe Union. Should l find the Union to be endangered by tba Important political element on Vancouver Island. I will not fail to notify you o tbe factNew* has just been recetred of valuable discoveries recentlymadetothevicinityofFortAlexander. There portsaresomuch better thananything heretofore brought from that region, that a rush will b e made in thatdirectionassoonastbeseasonopens.Much indignation prevails against Gov. Dongas, on s c count of his 85 tax on every mule or horseload of pro visions and goods sent to the upper Fraser country.HEWS FBOM HEW GBAHADA,Oar Panama. Correspondence. PAMAMA, M arch 8 , I860.A Revolution in Out State cf Oanea—An Engagement, andCongrtu,to which 8r. Obaldia, the Governor of Panaan. takes the ground that, as the people are too toty to w - gagstoagriculture ornwnufactnrn, tbeStatesoughtto derive aa revenue from fleecing paawegen on their tran- sit This, though not exactly to his own words, is aerer- thelees the gat of bis argument.UirrrsD STATB Sm r SAISSI, \ AsmwALL, March 3,1860. )The City in a Social ama Moral Point mf Viae—Lift « / Ore JrreeiVeprosf rronJtmsnca,acTbe through passenger to California sew of ASptowaJ merely one street along tbe railroad track, tbs houses being wooden and alternating w follows a drug store, s tavern,aclothingstore,atavern,severalstoreshaving badrumandworsefruitforsale,sereraltavernsWin- tered together fronting the steamboat wharf, aad, was, AspinwaU.Bat tbto a only tbe show portion of tbe city.Then a n living b a n atoo upward of one tho nstd Jamaica negrom, wbo roost to all sorts of tumble ears shanties back of the artotocratic B street The mm are, some of thorn, employed by tbe railroad company, win* tbe rest Uve by what they can pick up. a torn syacay- niouswithroguery ofeverykind. Butitistothetedi* of color that 1 wtoh to call your attention.Tbe first thing deserrtog notice is their drew B» material, calico, of a bright red or fiamtog yeUow greuaa,Granted—Arrival e / an English Ma*-*f- War. Governor Downey has approved the bill authorizing tba of Indictments for duelling from the Courts of Sesassemble to Sacramento Feb. 20. We have several tickets inthefield—Douglas,Wise.DtoktesaaaadLane.Too delegateaelected will be favorable to the views Or John Nugent, of the San Francisco Herald.prisoners breakfast, In which they were assisted by Jesus Seiate,aninmateofIhejail,whentheywereattackedby some of tbe prisoners, and a desperate scuffle ensued. During tho melee, the doors at tbe back of the Jail were opened, and seven prisoners rushed out Their namesbasts of the latter, such a n improvement, however slight, cannotbutberegardedwithinterest Duringthewinter, tbe country baa taken but little of general merchandise, and the season Is rapidly approaching whoa a more active requirement may with reason be anticipated.The policy which actuated our jobbing houses daringtbepastyear,ofsteeringclosetothewind,ifwemaybeallowed the expression, sad avoiding nnneoesaartly heavystocks of goods—a policy which saved many from dtoaster—to still observable to the hesitancy with whtahpurchasesaremadefionisuppliesrecentlyathand.Infewinstances extent wascordiallyconceded.tocases cfdesertion,tohave entire tnroises been taken, notwithstanding the go both nations. If, on tho other hand, the m en belonged State of Panama attempted to levy a tax on tbe ttnnsr ntrally fa\ orable terms on which they bare been oflered, merely to a frontier post, as a protection against Indians,snd the low scale of prices now ruling for nearly every It WOPId assume another shape, and should receive a per- Baltic, snd bow Captain Gny, arming ths crew, drereDuring ast week, 6,708 ounces of gold bullion were de-The following ships of-war are In this port:—Steamer posited in the branch mint; 3,524 ounces of silver were were Henry Os&urn, Josue Borate, Lacero (Indian), C. Dside of the line, sad was built there some yean ago, be-fore tbe Una was defined—on account of better waterbeing convenient Ir the m en arrested were dnsrtets Attempt te Levy a State Tax on American Shipping Mt., says:—Lancaster, tlag ship of the United States Pacific squearon; ttottsd States steamer Saisaac a n d sloop Cyane; British hasps Calypso and Py lades. The latter arrived a few daysfrom Mazatlan, Mexico, with $1,800,000 for Eng- i n e United States sloop of. war Levant Ls still a t Nicaragua, and tne St. Marys at Guaymas,purchased, and $240,000 in gold coined. PeasIcy,HughOoyte.Affonio Villaand Frederic*Stem . DrvORTtS GRANTKP. me. The thouts of ths jailer soon drew assistance, a a dIn the Twelfth District Court, on the 18th tost., a decree four of the fugitives were a t once recaptured. Blomme,from tbe United States Boundary Survey, we see no great harm la arresting them. In fact, It would b e difficult to imagine bow tbe service could be carried on by a corps of the regular service, except th e right to a reasonablelisted—Municipal Charges e n d Abuses-Sativ. cTasrssi on United States Natal Litters—What Gevernar OUitidt* D*es to Rats'. Revtnut, etc.You have before this beard bow the government ef theot divorce was granted to the case of Mary E. Sullivan vs. \ \ i'liam H Sullivan.Serate and Lacero, however, escaped.The Legislature of Washington Territory adjourned Fab.2. The following divorces were granted—acts Lavingbeen granted in each cast:—Wm. W. Divia vs. Alice Divis: Jacob Flans vs. Caroline Hans; Samuel Wilson v s . sey. B P . Balrd to Julia A. Guernsey.Esther Wilton; Crowell H . Sylvester v e . Harriet P . Syl- BOEBMB—KILGARIFF —InSacrAmento, Feb. 9, by tne Rev. vester: Amos B. Pierce vs. Elizabeth Pierce, F. Under vs. Father Csain, Geo. Roebme to Mary KtlgarilfThe Brttiah steamer Thames, thirty six hoars from s%nJoan del Norte,'arrived in our harbor this morning. Sbe Anpeiine Under; Wm. Donnelly ve. Bridget M Duunelly, L. CAWKLMAXS—RossMBAmi.—la San Franstsco, Feb. 11,taking coal on board until the tax was paidIt a time that a stop he put to these exactions As re- gards thetexonourletters.Itmightbepreventedbyail tbe tetters for tbe homo squadron a Asptowal! being pat uptoaseparatebagdirectedtotbeseniornavalofficera>rkags not a word of news.The United States frigate Sabine, Capt Adams, and theship Relief, were a t AspinwaU, and the S t Louis a t S i nNaval men at Asptewan give their opinion that the Ja- panese Commissioners win he at Panama about the 20th April, provided they started on the 22d of February.AspiawaU experienced frequent showers and still tradeOnr SamFmmclee© Correspondence. l San FBAXOSCO, Feb. SO, I860.M. Culltos vs. Dinah Collins; R Keller vs Aliulua Keller; Fydcry S . Ford v s . Josephine Ford- Chas Green v s Catharine.Gieen; G.O Merriltett vs Luclnda Uemtiett; Juhn Taylor vs. Jane Taytoff; John Cantirell vs. Ann Ci&t- wel).ARRIVAL OF A!» ETCUSn MAS OF WARHer Britannic Majesty's steam corvette Plumper, seven days from Victoria, arrived here on the 17th Inst. H.jr armament consists of eleven guns, and her crew num- bers one hundred. She left the following ships in Esqui- mau harbur:—Ship-of the line Gauges, bearing the iltgof Rear Admiral Robert Lambert Bayuos, C B , 0>m- roand<$ tn-chtef, and her Majesty s ship Satellite, Capt. Jan. C. Provost. Tbe following tt a correst Uet of the officers of the Plumper:—Captain, George Hy. Ric-haras:First lieutenant, Wm. Moriartv: Second Lieu- tenant,RichardC.Mayce;Master,Danl.I'.Snyder;Sur-by tho Rev. Angcttus Kellner, Cornelius Cappelmaan to Wllbelmine Louise Rosenbaum.yesterday.ffiGXKUTION Of T1TE SIX POrTHfTRN COrXTIB*. Theresolutionagainstthepolicyofthetenthsessionof tbeLegislaturegivingtheconsentoftheStatetotheseg- regation by Congress of (be six southern counties, has been the occasion of an interesting debate to the Assem- bly. The vote has not been taken yet, bat it will pro-bably be rejected. CRIXSJB,CAFCAirrna,srr.ThomasnorlandwastriedlastweekintheCourtofSessions, and found guilty o f an attempt to commit t h ecrimeofbigamywithayounggirlnamedMargaretMc-laughlin. DoriandhasawifelivinginNewYork,towbombe was married to September, 1858. Margaret isexceedtegly pretty and graceful, not more than sixteen,and seemed only too ready to enter into the criminal con-nection. Shetamentsthe imprisonment of Thomas, with Lydto A. MowTy.whom shelivedsad with whomsueis now willing to LAUtMAjt—KKABB,—InNevada,Feb.10,A.landmanto abide.Theybecameacquaintedonhoardasteamor AnnKnabb.i of ex Judge Terry, who killed Senator Brolerick. flat Supreme Court decided that the Court of Sessions of thaicounty hadpowertotryTerry,butthe latterprefers fast the prosecution should be heard In a higher trlbunal. The reason of thJs resolution is simply: Terry desires to aw tried out of San Francisco^ and an application for aiofvenuewouldbedeniedintheSessions,whilehe ionsuccessshouldthemotionbemadeintheiastrtet Court Much dissatisfaction has been expressed at the i arsage of the law, as well as to the hasty manner with i it was rushed through both houses. I t i s looked iof the Legalature to shield Terry sjasjsjssBsasi of his duel. The general beliefMthat f the trial takes place la an Interior county a rerdtct o f acquittal will he rendered.The Assembly, by a vote of forty to twenty three, hsa i calling on our Congressional delegation iinprocuringadissolution of theiu- , which prevena the New Almaden mines fromIt appears that the United Sates government Is tatter for that of John Y . Ford. The executions took Father Morris, Edward Mathews to Catherine Cody.coming from New York.A shooting aitray took ptace atBuckeye, Shasta county,Feb. 12, between James Cornelius and William Thorough- man,inwhichthe tost namedwas shot anl Instantly killed by some party to tbe crowd not yet discovered.MCBRTDB—MOXIKT.—ID Honolulu, S. I., Jan. 10, br theRev.S.CDamon,DuncanMcBrtde,E4q.,ofWafluaFalls, ments exist,totheformofsnow, tothe prosecutionofThomas Crawford and William Craissios were bung attaked. The question is now pending to the Stockton on Friday tost, according to Uw. The former Dr. Scott, Joseph Marshall to Hannah I. Syira.The railed Sates Treasury has to fOrnish John P. Rits.ey i s carry on th e litigation. The feeling of in John Raper, aged 8 0 , from Massachusetts, was to-By ths arrival at tba port of a small craft from Boena- outofarevolutiontotheStateofCanca,oneoftheStatesit is magElflcently scolloped by tearingagatost •p****' snitt, ke. Ths manner of wearing ths drew • aettw least funny portion ofthe affair; on ordinary "cwjoat tbe body and sleeves are not put on, but hang dasgbag downtofront,teavtogthepersoafromthewaWSP**TM free aad untrammelled. Baton stoemer days toe crew- Is put on differently: being destitute of books and eyes, itfafastenedeitherbyasingleptenearthewaist,orens by the same method about the neck. The <*awsnwrew- s a a o f a pair of satin suppers tavuriabiy down_st tto heel, while the native wool toxariates "ncoafiaed by fwbkmable cap or bonnet To see thaw peresss toau their glory you must notice them «a«?e*srday8, TM toey suddenly beoonwdsalen a f r m a andcskw^en- deavortog to obtain customers by vaunttog *«f>**P0TMJ of tlieirwarea. When Btomdcsw toJ*«»»«*J**2 swske by tbe Bone ofdrusw, «*sa»d SSTttt^ta^a, . , i i . .r,iiw aj><i tbe aoraw wsnua weir aano ^^S^am^nmT^^tr^lktMmitm I r aSuch is the picture of free aiggerdom, of which I for- beartoputto theshades.AsrurwAix, March 3,1*06. Oporfn, ofj*» GrenadaonJ*sr*> For*, fndr-DecrtecfGeneral HerranTare, a Mare saB,te hare f a dry dock la8790,216 22MvoroRD—THOMAS.—In Natoma Valley,Feb. 18, by Rev. thepeople growsstrongereveryday. stantiykilledFeb.9,bytt tallingofa tree uponhim J.E.Benton,S.MugfordtoJohannaThomasTbe rates oa merchandise aad attar approved collateral continue a t 2 a 2 > i ; a n d o n real estate with hot little dome, at l>«al>; per cent periinjury to CaMssr»a by the suspension of the works is great Indeed.~ VSHUJI WABS.The tots CaMsrsda Indian wars hare engaged theof both houses of too Legislature during th e as disclosures of massacre aad oppresston ranted i by the votaatsers bare astonished the peo-, by their enormity. Perhaps in atrocity they have not taw Wstory of the country. A Joi^rfboth h e w s has proceeded to the scene of to toko evidenceits examine into the cairn of $70,000 pre- toPATCH—AU.KIRI:—In Jackson, Feb.9, by Rev. B.F. month. Sight exchange on the Eastern citiesMyers, W. J . Paugb, Sheriff o f Amador county, to Roth remains at 2 per cent premium. Gold b a n a n abundant no doubt oT a a engagement having token place betweenUfrom Uncimodore Tat-ICHsml COtBlfO. . . . , . , , » Theexportsoftreasonharebeenasfollows:—whilst working to a calm 1 own as the Bed Rock Cut. Six Chinamen were fouijd guilty of murder in the firstdegreeintheCalaveras1 hatweek.Miscellaneous News I tarns. SKSUTOBBaanamcK's Wax.—Colonel A. J. Butler, who arrived In the Golden Age, has brought the foilswteg copyof Senator Broderick's ast will and testament —In the name of God, Amen. I, David C. Brolerick, of the city o f Ssn Francisco, to the State of California, ofsound mind and memory, do make and publish this as my Mi i will and testament.First—After all my just debts and liabilities are paid, I give a n d bequeath to m y friend John A. McGlynn, of San Frenrisco, tho sum of ten thousand doltar3.Second—All the rat sad residue of my estate, both real and personal, I give and bequeath to my friend George Wilkes, of the city of New York.Third—I hereby make, constitute and appoint my friendsGeorge Wilkes, John A. McGlynn a n d Andrew J. Batter,PADAS—Eiua.—In VteabA, Jau 90, by the Her. & W . Taylor, Thomas B. Fadan to Sarah E. Eiiis.ofIhe Granadian Confederation. Tbeaccountsreceivedare veryconflicting,batthereaexecutors of this m y tost will and testament, aad also Abby M Wasgett ^ ^81,866,779 26 la.ooooo IerOriaba,toNewYork 420,07600 rer naiay, to namia..,, ••#•»»»,,,,,,,,,,, 3,57? 60deenxe that no Burettes shall be required from them oreither of them.%saw^w» " » ^ - •Last—1hereby revoke all wiltoandcodieilaby mehde, and declare this to be my only h a t willtoforeIn witness whereof, I have hereto set toy band anl seal, at tbe city of New York, Ota second day of January,ricigat hundred and fifty-nine.DAVID C BRODER1CK.BractDiso—Montr—In Napa, fab. 4, ding to Charlotte 0 . Mountr.Spanl.Per Sonera, to New York «« Paaassa.fojtowarn. Another account, which confirms the of f By the tea arrival from Carthagena, w e have uti*i> the revolutionists, states that the cause of thethe refusal of Carrillo to give up to the Governor of Carta geBceofOAeopeniagofthatport.M *h«tbatofS»wafl_ gothenationalarmsandammunitionthatbe hadcharge a BB>fortifl! COIMftfcfCC. nMkl llMb*Wal<nWsKan>Q satTOCi"o l ran VHTIJIN SOX—A Fraacisco papers, says - " JAMnight, sootmurderbroughtcnair, wan naao anaObeeney, daughter o f Ittvtd Cbesasy, Esq TABOB—EHMOKIIA—In San Franc*TM, Feb. 16, by Rev.Dr. Anderson, T E. Tabor to Mtos Caroltee Kmmonds. Uut^SBr-taSsnFrancaco.Feb.16,byBer.Angus, tus Kellner, Mr. Frank H. Uhl to Man Elisabeth CarolineThe monthly report or the State Treasurer, far the• Buga, and had already coileOt N«V ADA—iMTtlTATlOa of one of thefrom Nevada Fab. 12, twelve o'clock, a cry of >dtfsatatatoftheirtted.Hehadestablishedhishead quarters at a place called collectedabout 1,800 man tbs militiaIttaofthecountry. Inthe•Marriage* a n d Dentbs. HABBIKO.BAIRP—Grraissrr—In Stockton, by Rev. A. A. Guern-CJUBIIKHUX—MVRHJY.—In Marysville. Feb. 18, by Rer. are now fully due; yet then seems no disposition what-Father Siattery, Sam. B Cnamoerlin to Bridget Murphy. Couii-BA--HoijJua.—In Eagle Valley, Nevada Terri-tory. Feb. 9, by Rer. A. L. S Bateman, Jacob a Colborn t» Satins tloicmnn.DAMS—RAY.—In I'laeeivtlie, Feb. 7 Seneca Davis to Louisa M. Ray.DKVwK?<--KirK—In SanFrancises,Feb.7,Thomasde Vriee to Miss Ann Kite.FOOTS—MICHKI..—At Diamond Springs, Feb. 18, William Foote to Pauline MichelFooo—TAYIOE—InStockton, Feb8,bytheRev. John A. Anderson, P. S. Fogg to Azubah Taylor.GABM—RAWS.—In Sonoma county, Jan, 29, Isaac G am toMariettaKau-s-ever to provide against the contingency of delay la receiv- ing further supplies by pnrchasing beyond current wants, from the fresh goods at hand. For many months pant the repletion of our warehouses h a s been so great, and s o slight the prospect of a sensible decrease o f stocks, o r a material advance in prices, that the trade hare learned to regard it as a matter of course that wants, as toey mani- fested tbemselvt s, could be supplied without sacrifice of convenience, or an enhancement of rates.Tbe recent advices from the other side of the continent, of diminishing shipments to this direction, nave not bsen without encouragement to onr importers; yet the experi- ence of tbe past cannot readily be forgotten; and it a ever reaoytosuggestthatthisconditionofthingsmayprove but a lull, rather tban a permanent improvement We shall,ing to onr squadron now pay a tax of ton cents each for the privilege o f being mislaid a t t b e Asptawail Post Office.HASTIXCSI—BKqritTTB.—In Visalla, Feb. 8, by Rev. W.B.routefur rTttiaiajfiw- Attempted Flight cf the Ship Blon sistant Surgeon, Saml. Campbell, MD.; Second Master, Taylor, E O. F . Bastings to Elizabeth Augusta Bequette. in ail probability, have an early and a moderately active A rumor reached thto ptace by the last mall that the Hon. I bare just received a memorial to the New GraaadianKKTSBBS—MOTT.—At M otteville, Carson V alley, Jan 28, by the Rev. L Vanslyko, Wm. D. Keysers to Louisa Mou. Kirranr—HAIGITT.—InSanFrancisco,Feb.9,bytheRev. Dr.Scott,SamuelKnighttoElizabethStewart,daughterof Fletcher M Halght. KEITS—MILLER—AtSanRafael,Feb.14,byBer. LouisLoutens, Catholic rector, John Key ts. of Tomato*, to Kate A., eldest daughter of James Miller, Esq.LATBRor—MOWBT.—In Oakland, Feb. 9 , b y t i e Rev. B Brierly, Eilsba N . Lathrop, i f S a n Francisco, to MrsKauai, and formerly ot Argyleshire, Scotland, to Eliza- bethAmeliaMoxley,ofI'omypool, Monmouthshire,Eng and, niece of Capt. G. Luce, of Honolulu.tabor; but so far as country collections a n concerned, re- sults arefarfrombeing satafactory to thecitytrade. Money continues to good demand, a n l without positive stringency, the market finds employment for tbe bulk of capital offering on loan,nt rates varying littlei Ifany fromwas found guilty of the muroer of John B. Lewis, and the MATmvws— CODY —In M arysnlle, Feb. 13, by Rev. these prevailing at the date of ear tost reference. Sata-MARSHAIL—S=YLVA.—In saa Francisco, Feb. 14, by Rev.the Revoluhmidt R>nded—General Motquiera in Arms- tbe pattern being boquets, cnastoltog sspsrwtly of catChance* nf a Dissolution ef (Ac Federation— Affairs in tkt bagn, pot bus, sunflowers snd broom baadtos Tw drew to made long and trailing, very conventeatto ft*A. Allktre. and are selling at 840 fine, par. Mo transactions bare RATTORD—WCOTO.V.—At Mokelumno Hill, F e b 7 , b y occurred to Mexican dollars, the market betag bare. T b e Rev. R. Kellen. Thomas Radford to Mrs. Mary Jane nominal late to 10 per cent premium Tbe only receiptsthe forces of the national government and ths revolution- ists. resulting in the defeat of the tatter, with considerableWooton.SenWARTS—BOIT.—In San Francisco,Feb. 6, by the RerF. Mooshake, Mr. Niooaus Sshwartz to Miss Mary Boof both of San Fraacaoo.of coin daring tbe present month were 8800 by the Gold- en Age, from Panama.The transactions of tbe United States Branch Mint in tbte city since 1st tost have been as follows from 1st to 164b, toatoslTe>-Gold receipts from 1st to lath inclusive—weight afterThe newspepera of that State gave two versions ofSrsnrKss—RIDDKS—In Solano county, Feb, t , Rer. D. King, a W. Stephens to Sarah Riddteh.b r tbaa the dntrict of Oartago, being under the Impression t b aat the head of the garrison, w u opposed to , attempted to arrest him , and get p a - of th o government ansa; b u t CarrUla being o f their Intention, g o t together some 8 0 0men and put to rout the insurgents wbo, it to said, actedin concert with the Governor of Oartago, and w h o w e ncommandedbytheoldColumbian, General Murguritio,who fell to the action, togcetbher with some aeitgrhhttv\t hU «y Of BBSSrAra>rsG—Monvr—in Napa city, F s b . 4 , Spauldtog to Charlotte A. MountOscarFmelting, ounces Comage-Double eagles,\.183,391.85 8130,000STAJIUBBWICK—BKWIBT —In San Francttco, Feb. 14, by the Rev. & C. Thrall, James S. Slander wick to Mas Emm* E. BennekSi-KKcss—WAFT.Ait. —In San Francisco, Feb. 16, by Rer. Dr.Anderson,Dr.ItSpencer,ofHumboldtBay,toMasSliverban! dollars.lo^oooepprnedTOW-SMCTO—CHAP*AS—In Napa, Feb. 7, Samuel Town- send to Jane Chapman.fssjaassasj Cinraiw.—In Napa city, Feb,7, Samuel *~tol.....• .#.Townsend to "THOMPSON—Brsssi—At B ad Bluff, Jan. 20, b y Rer. P .Ber.W.W.Brier,Johntfaryteorr,,Keq.,.tatMissRachelrundeddebtat106andinterestThelargestamountsor- rendered by one party was 814,000.TATira—Cmnorsr.—In Atameaa county, Fen. 15, byto awaken finally a veryAndwhatasightwas ..•rajnta-Kritx.-InSantaOaracounty,Jan.1,Watthe Treasury at the close of that month—Wttli^.pw«aahar81,maR e i v e d from all sources during January....••• ••••Cash on hand January 81, 1880The amount of funds on hand at the commencement o fbusiness,February13,was#1«7,40»2;,public order has been completely restored^ « • =M- ofBobrar,dectorestheportsofO***?*"* *• onto to be opened to commerce. Bsport tots w "^ Executive and commnntrato ft to we catosa Gseawr.n aMSB.on that day.Subsequent adrtoes, as tote a s Feb. 12, recetred bereon the 1st tost, confirm the news of ths defeat of the Moaqutore party a Cartage, aad state that Mosquien, whojWUaWrVffVVwgas)»w^s*tn*m*«JJ gpAnwBJ a/uVyof Rentes Is F. A.Baaa**CABTBAGBBA. F e b . 2 5 I 8 6 0 .Why tho Executive of the Confederatten ""••J"*'*Werner to Meteo Knhn.BABSI*-la Peaiuma, Jan. 31,Lawrenda, wife of Dr.629,868 06 .8982,20099 138,046 77about the l«th ofJanuary last The sawnbere on the 20th February, too late to b e forwarded b ythesteamerwhichsailedfromAspmwallforMewYork theStateofBolivarandtotheInteadeateof0»"7"have been content to lake such articles only aa they abao- luto-y needed, and to quantities litt e more than sufficient to meet immediate wants. This only can account tor the limited trade done from tbe bands of Importers, since the arrival cf the fleet of last week. Fewer vessels than usualsway the constables wbo wished to prevent htoa fromment s n d tbe United States which allows the totter t oc'aim a deserter, let alone to violate oar soil by sending afile of soldiers to arrest deserters or criminals. Under the Tba attempt at illegal extortion to but one of away Ashburton treaty, criminals, felons, may be arrested b y For several years Mr. Bourne baa paid a tax, as agent tbe potted Statea serving a requisition on the English au lor Marshal O. Roberts' steamers, A tax a atoo levtod oo thorities—the totter arresting the parties ant delivering every American doing business here. The tettersbelong- them op. Thto cans deserves the prompt interference oftbe government, so that no new cause e f lit feeling oa theborder may be created. Proper courtesy to onr government by ths American corps a t Semtohmoo would indicate the necessity to acquaint our authorities with theircalms, before undertaking to exercise civil or militarypower where our exclusive sovereignty a clear and todte-putsible..81,800,33276iw»»»»»e for the re- demptton of 875,000 of the city bonds ot ISM, toe amount of 884AO0was surrendered to the Commissioners of thethe genai afiaeace of General Herran, bttsMtotoarftwi New Granada to tbe United States, w b o , aCsrtbsssw, on the 22d ult.. and publmbed the foltewatp. A. Barren, by rlrtne of authority vested.tostoj*a m 0 mt * <*&&l !*Lx!*l P * "the people of the Stateseeeeeees .$100,000suit .Thto caused their arrest Charley wishes tbe pub- so much comptotot, sad which may be regareat tor 1,ehetoknowthattttooktwain mentotakehim Fro* ff"3L2 * «*•**tobeaosstotheBteteTce,r ^ r e n w n to hare n«t on Uwltt of February. Q ~ GARCIA - I n San Francisco, Feb. 11, Evelina M. Garcia, the Dalles for Simllkameen Feb. 12. Parties are leaving ofths churches a the capital had been robbed af Tela?GKANT —At s e a , o n board bark Y ankee, Jan. 08, Mr. David Grant, of Sacramento.One. Barton.Alvtnzaand Charity Hay ward, aged 6 years, 8 months and 2 days.general government, recogniaid iHoimm —At Santa Cara, Jan. 30, John Holmes, for-of Ntoto to tbs State ef Bolivar.•«£• Nieto, itWill be recollected, was ths ehtef^ sf .toe nvobntoaary party. H e h a s ranteredIntendente General, and has gtvea up toe a r m lto the federal government. Gen Herraa has towed a de eree, dated February 22, deeUrtog the ports of Sebeailit aad Carthagena agala open to foreign trade Govsraor Ntetohas consented to th e return of oartatn aartisabta- sctotohntoslto him-prtnctoally SBBBBBBasnWtinfor.We learn, says the Stottman,that not very long ateoe a child died, as was supposed, tofrom an authentic source,HAYWARD—At Sutter Creek, Feb. 8, Kate, daughter of Washington county, Oregon The body presented every President Atoka, has recently, onappearance of death; breathing stopped, daootorattoa en- sued, which, being mistaken fo r morr.fistttou, somewhu hurried preparations wore made for burial A few boars before it was appointed to take pace, respiration com- menced, and tbe child wan found to be alive. It recovered, andanowentirelywell.Mr. Brock, chairman, ajued a call for amenta* cf the Democratic State CsntnlJ^Matttee at Bagene City, Feb. 22. Tbe object of tba meottesTisto determlns the time forthe aisembltag of the StateConventionforthenomi- nation of Presidential electors aad a candidate for Con-of theAhoy named Samuel Thomas Cox w u shot to Salem, ef President Oaptoe's Cabinet, decreeing, _sum of thto a that Lieut McKibben of the Boundary Caltoo on the 28th alt to the English steamer Bogota, Rwas conceded to the joint Commission ou both sides. TbeSriftsaOalsncsi.tomentioningthis,affair,says:— The United States barrack at Sewiiahmoo to on the BrttiahOnrAspln-trnll Naval Correspondence, UOTTBD STATOB Sni.- SABzm,) ASPI.NWAU., March 3,1880. /Tbe British CMonisfof February 9 says that sixteen skiffs and canon, coaaattang 91 men,cleared within tbe toot two days a t t h e Custom House for New Westminster o n tbe way to tbe mines.The Hudson Bay Company received Feb. 8 , per Pacific, fromPortland,twentypackagesoffare,value1at820,000.Usually municipal texn are levied for the purpow of cleaning and lighting streets, and protecting the property and Urn of dozens; hut here a street baa never bow cleaned, except b y the turkey buzzards, sad as for pro- tectirg U r n snd property, were It not for the presence of our vessels o f war , t h s Panama massacre would have been many times repeateda correspondent of the Port Townsend HegiUer says — Joseph Howe, of Nora Scotia, had boon appointed Go-presentCapital—The Untoi Statu Courts Martial at Panama- country, whan tt rates six days in toe week, aad *cloudy on the seventh; as after one day's wear a seenoral Burner—Railroadandtrad*Reports,dk. mudfringeembellishwthebottom,sndafterawerfSentences on the Cyane—Onr Minitkr Xot a BQSUtost.tbe affair. O ne account states that the Mosquiera party6 stated whan ths action i P-tce; but Judging from the orden of tbe8402,40203C*-.eral,subsequentlyIssued,itmoatharebeenfought.to repel the Invaders, as the nationmonth of January, 1860, shows the following condition of couna received It to wok the Executive of the Confederation, snd oonstdsnst ^a tent accouate, w a s I rstajji,ssnwasa tooTOrN** sosaeT. I - Barnes. Untitled Document Bs>MTr.—NearasaspsBPtona,Jan, ]9jfUyss) **• •**T*w'loagsmce "completely restoredthepubac srsatto""Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 