 S%iBBTABTV MINSTRRUi, Maabaatea' Ball, 471 Broadway- iiaimnaaa, Seaes, DA*C«*, Aw.—Maw YBAX'S CALLS.IBTBLO<H 8ALOOB, Broadway —Own. CHVLITT'S M o -with reference to the vindication of our nag from chances of an election by the House o f Repre- Mr. BEAMS—I desire to ask the gentleman from Peaa- The railroad business, it must be remem- which appeared in the HEKALD of yesterday, as sylvania whether I am to understand his lanfoage as tsa-the inaoltaoffered to it there. A report of bis in- sentatives, or the defeat of the republicans bered, Is just such a one as depends entirely an appropriate part of the history of important pattog to aw any cinduct that waa oageaUemea!)*\can spore thirty-two electoral votes, and still turns t o ^ u r list o f centenarians w h o died was named, and the grant covered all the sur- its worst evils. ballot, should one b e allowed without pairing t h e above\.0'•w ^Vm^Ati^a^i^jMtfh.^ it WhNEWYORK HERALD^^^r^rl- demand the rapadhwiott < i Seward nod hi ,'S*^ In seme of the churches, the -one ideu~;tf#»r upon ike *aaav» poirer,wsoi860.**""' »OBDOl IENNKTT i«. V . tOftMU O f KASBAU U f » rTLTOKHols Commuxitoa r u admit.i»t*red, and ia others tkeie were breaching, praying, WialaH,piwi exhee-Nav»«aHea M the North Mai East ri«Wi son* « hat impeded by the heavy muatx of Hostingtoe triumphbo secured through a rosigaalsaHen i k w' race!fie South for the African race: existed •TKSMS, m* a* swe^rSeeamsevy£>4J£r mKM ram asueax.*- u.the BrWah atfatoorncy o f birth and hymmO w4*a*atia* toe. whichearnedthetrip*ofthe ferry and steam- slaved by a Congressional elave ©ode for«be for the men born around them withatff, or99JMTanlMMKI MeMMBy'SSJtmOjtma,LT*BEUAUt M r"OMXMSrt)XDMXCZ,«c /W-According toYork Centralhas been doing apears'thatforthe1baa realised themillions and three-quarters of dollars from pas- seogers and freight: and that during the present year no leaf than twomillions two hundred and forty thousand persons travelled over theALB•WiMQMMiMMBAlStrjra AMBB1CAX SfUSKtra, Broadway.—Morotns Oca Fauow r i i B » t - ' « « rOar Guaymas correspondent, dating on the 28thof November, furnishes a detailed account of the sectional democratic leaders are disposed tojusted.At the last meeting of the Common Councilduct and that of a majority of the Hoeae wttbawt *«all parliamentary aad geaUemaaty oaajrtistsS teat are re- cognised ia ail watlbetauve aodaw., by taaewgalng tee motive*, of baspaet>,aad charging sordid aad eelftsfc eonBearMoud«y, J a a o a r y *J, 1S60.MAHS FOR EUEOPE.sury Department o f the United States.During the year requisitions have been drawn upon the Comptroller to the amount of of chronic dysentery. Trade was very brisk at once, or the golden opportunity may pass nations. Vet we see men foolish and wicked one million five hundred and ninety thousand enough to trifle with andimperil thevery ninehundredandten89-100dollars,ofwhich mainstay o f the life o f the republic—the con- one million two hundred aad ninety-one thou- Jctfttlce t o tike Free Negroes—True and cord and harmony which unite all sections in sand eight hundred and fifteen dollars wereMMMrwMi (uiMtM^aalaa,m* «**•/» Wntmriiajf•/ Omi'svwafa.Territories. T h e general policyout b y M r. Buchanan's last annualsage to Congress thus becomes thepolicy for the Charleston Convention. Let thisHaaaaajaa,mttptrdate be nominated, of national antecedents, andthe thialvbited parts of the island, and to render Inse- cure the landed investments of its ooatinnallyadvancing population. If it is pushed to ex- tremes It may produce a revolution in Cuba, for there is nothing no stimulating to rebellion as interference on the part of government withany fnortrr «/ aV MTW; (; c—eara man who has not been mixed up in these lateo u t D u Ben—aUevt -Ihca, n i t Nawaeov—T H B A T R S , Sea B r o a d w a y .— C o w a u /s MUSICALfailed, and as it was the principal means of support, much suffering was anticipated among the people* The government coral had been plundered of a quantity of atock, principaly aheep.Mr. G&ow—aad had the reatletaaa from Xorth>Tl things considered, while It is evident Americans are, travelling all over the coun- of informal and fraudulent matter which he (Mr. Branch) been aa faatiiiar with the caaatttuttpaal lawA P erw w e-O ca FBIAOW CLCKKS—'oatvBroadway.—Oasa*of the doings of our citiaea^ in that portion of the game of this faction Is for the Charleston ormillions; and the receipts cannot fall shortof to office aa entire reform has been accom--*.»*•>'•emttftrTMe New York Herald—Edition for PortLoad*.Twenty-six of the Southern medical students whoThe Ooaard mall steamship Asia. Captain LoU,will leftPhiladelphiawenttoCharleston,S.C,anden-laara thai pott on Wedneadty for Liverpool. The mails wiil doaa at U o'clock.tered the Medical College in that city.We pubuah this morning our annual summary ofFalse Philantaropy.Owing to the revolutionary^ shape whichone common aim and destiny.At this moment we stand within view of thefor objects and purposes provided for bytax, and two hundred and ninety-nine thou-taeEcaoraui tomoa o» taa Bauu> will be imnUahed the passagea of the dlaerent steamships runningat u a o'ckxfc la the monoa*-. •aa> copleo ia wrappera9ubacripttoM aad ad>eraiementa for any edaion of the M a w Y e a r n H a a 11 • w i l l b e r e c e i v e d a t t h e f o l l o w i n g p l a o a a ia Europe —1Low,SoakOo.47ImitateHiU. _, «arr k CA., 74 KSac Wunam streetFaaw Eaoaio4T, BalowlakCo., t pace de la Boone. IjnatKMjt-.Lanrtot, Surr A Co., Xo. 9 Chapel street.B. Stuart, 10 Exchange street, East. Rivaw saatwif, Baldwin k Co., Ji rue OoraaJle..DeChapeaaronge kOa. oftheEtraotmuiEnmoaorm Hoiu>the anti-slavery agitation of the North presaged ruin; bitter sectionalism is rife sand ninety-five 87-100 dollars were on trust ac- day impugned m y motives of action on the Post ufhee bill. The impugnment o f motivca in a kgoiative body i sboats to be quite irregular. The sidewalks in manyplace* were covered villi uneven lee, which aeased.tuny peoestriasa to bend to their toother earthThe travel during the entire day was quite largo,andgentrallyspeaking,religiouslyandctvtlly.the policybeadopted,andtotademocraticcandi- WW year was well inaugurated, with a prospectcolored likefoe its coBtinoance to-day. In otder to give oaremployee the largest Uatode to enjoy the Now sectional and factious quarrels and divisions ofYear'* feetiral, no paper will bo ioaued from tab office to-morrow morning. The regular evening edition will betameda* usual.The United State* sioopWwar Vaodalia,Com-mander Sinclair,from Valparaiso,arrived atthisport yaatorday, and immediately proceeded to theNavyYard. TheVaodaliahaabeenincommi»aion gramme,theonly remaining expedientforthe twenty-Biz months, a a d daring that time n o t a defeat o f t h e republicans will be through the death haa occurred oa board of her from casualty interposition of a third party, as in 18&6, butsum of forty fiveCapt Hutchings,most probably with the different result of the transfer of the election to the House of Repre-1 hare been kindly furaisbea by a frteadwitaaatic copy of a card of tka Boa L. 0*1. hepatttoaaSte-psavvewattheear t» the aSair between bia aad Mr. Grew. 1 at- tasicato the penal code of the Dtotriot hatViae LAW aUjtuXhH GQaiUBf, WnfeCav OalsmCS Itsubjects to severe pecaibet aaytainr like poebag or Ota pabawatam of opwateajas isahiH or arjartse* warns. the law is v«ry striagect.am. somen's CARD.In the House of I^oreaenutires, on Tbaiaday last, ttiofollowitc coHoon)roacurred between Mr. Grow of tyivaoia aad myself:—terview with Governor Pesqaeira is also given. upon a candidate and a platform which theyMr. Gaow—I sate that tka gaatanBan violated all par for its prosperity upon the maintenance of events for the past year. Mr. Smith states that liamentary and guiUiSJSUly courtesies that are*•"•»»••»-• " •-v**""!'mmm&gmmffthe democratic party can owiy \ provided for b y l a wFomeihbglmmder than the "one fdeai of§h* Southern democratte ultras of the protecUohofthe party, and let him be aetootedfrom the great West, and the battle may be virtually d eeldedpublican Convention.o fthe Chieago Re-beforet h emeetingIn default o f some such democratic pro- road—more than half the entire population of long respected titles to property.Dec.II. arrivedat tiile port yesterday, we learn that the French ship Bailey had sentatives. This jfa the paramount idea which there must b o throughout the whole Union, ment Through the complex machinerybeen on the rocka a t that place, but had been gotoff in aleaky condition. Salt wa*very plenty,and and considering the manner in which .the and forty railroads in the United States, run- alt the frauds, informalities and mystifica- aelUnx»teightdantav . balanceofpowerinthiscontest,heldbythe ningovertwentyfivethousandmiles,andthe tionswhichcharacterisedtheadministrationThe letter from oar oorrespond'nt in How Mezf anti-Lecompton faction, h a s been played off, aggregate amount o f passengers travelling of local affairs found a n easy developement 00,pnbiiahedthisnjorniotr,willinformourreader* weareatalosstoconjecturewhetherthe overthemannuallymustbenearlytwenty ButsineetheaccessionofCommissionerSmithrepublic. Mr. Otero had bean elected as a dele-Chicago Convention, or a third party in the from two to three hundred millions. These plished la the Street Department; frauds haveat Base*, baswaa, Bouaaauaa, a*.—ataa. DAISWOOD'S KIVSTRBta 444 Broadway—Bnnoruw gosea, of December. Trade was doll in consequence of national party, the materials for which, North union and good feeling between all the differ- th#*present condition of his department is as to parliamentary law to that. The flm rale of parba-Dxveaa, Aa—afternoon and Bveatag—Haw Tata CALLS, the observance of Christmas. The Captain Gene CHsTHAM AMPHTTBBATRK.—KatraffTaxA.* Pxareea- ml, with his CounteK, was at Cienfuegos onhisi a » taa "ODEON. WaUaasawurg.—DKATTOX'S PARLOB O reiua— Sawoa Ourwfeu.HOPE CHAKKL, 7» Broadway.—Wicaa's It tuA.ent States. Destroy those sentiments of har- perfect and satisfactory as it is possible to be awntary law ia that no gentleman bas the right to ImiMara UW motive* of another. ^ ^Our Havana correspondence fa dated to the 23thmay abandon. Meantime, where Is this newateed sa ah debberathre assemblm It needs no refereaesprovincial tour. The United States steamer Cru' sader was still in port.and platform for which have been so strikinglyalt. which arrived at Halifax on Saturday, wonave three daya later intelligence from EuropeTheEuropeanCongresswouldnotassembleontilthe middle of January, and nothing of importancehadtranspiredrelativetoit A hastilysummonedCabinet council was held in London on the 15thnit., and it was believed that argent circumstancesrelative to the Congress were the cause. Theearly return of Lord Clyde from India was aa- can people, of all sections, are in favor of the whole country. In the Tennessee House of Re- General Scott whom the whole country honors partment in almost inextricable confusion. nooaeed, and Hwas said that he will be succeededbySirHughRose.Generalattentionwaaattract *ir to the renewed efforts in behalf of the Sues canal. FoursailorsbelongingtotheAmericanship BoaweilhadbeenarrestedinLiverpoolformutiny. Itwaareportedthatthe port of AdoolintheRed Sea had been coded to France. It was saidthat theEmperorNapoleonhadrefusedtoMarshal McMahonpermissiontoaccepttheswordbeinggot np for him in Ireland. Rumors were current that Napoleon would inaugurate the new year with fresh demonstrations of s pacific character. It wa* reported that the Emperor of Austria contemplated abdication. The report of the marriage of Gari- baldiispronouncedtobeunfounded. Adespatch from Copenhagen, dated 17th ult, stated the royalOn the copy of this note, retained, is aa endorsement by Mr. Winaicw, in these words:—palace at Frodericheburg to bo in flames. The government of Austria h .d determined to pursue a vigorous policy toward Hungary, and a conflictconflict" for the subjugation or maintenance of the Southern institution of slavery.but the Union sentiment, profound respect for the constitutien and the fundamental laws, the love of justice, and true friendship for the negro,is one that seems to us pregnant with trouble totheCubanproprietors,andwhichmaypos- sibly create a new revolutionary excitement in that island.This is the appointment of an officer by thetion, or the prevention of a repetition, except in the matter oftheBureauofRoads,towhichallusionbasautgkdy been made.Mr. Smith has established a rule the impor- tance of which will be perceived when we con- sider that a million and a half is expended an-rights, and the freedom o f debate guaranteed by the con- stitution.1shalldefendwheneverUvr-yareasaeiled Very respectfully yours, UALUSHA A . <>ROW..To Hos. L. OB. BaAircH.By those who are acquainted with the penal code of thisdistrict, to which my attention is drawn b y Mr. Grow anthe State affording a total receipt, Includingfreight o f atx millions and a quarter. Takingthe New TOrk Central aa a standard, (though itla, perhaps, the moat profitable road in the Street l^ftouasul has always been the country,) what aa immaooo railroad traffic Chief difficulty Ja pur municipal govern-underlies the present struggle for a Speaker; Tbere arenew in operation about two haadesd of that branch of the government nearly•—Aftoraooo—A L*P- gate to Congrtaa. The corn crop had partially North/of the Van Buren type. facts prove what a locomotive people the ceased to be committed, and the gigantic massthat the Presidency is within the reach of the democracy upon the platform of the administra- tion, it is equally evident that our factious andfound there upon entering upon his duties has and parliamentary precedents at, bis loac practice ia gialaUGo would have led a s to suppose, be eoaU been carefully overhauled a a d skilfully a d - foond suSicient aad abundant reasons to joattry mtry—North, South, East and West—for businessand pleasure, a t such a rate that almost halfthe population i s continually in motion; and i tproves, furthermore, that the railroad interest-fitai 111ARTMcrraWoafaiR Lu>t. lateactionofCaptainPorter,oftheshipHt,Marys- rushintoasectional fight upon thedoubtful IsoneofthehighestImportanceinthecountry. in1859,Mr.Smithpresentedhisannualreport, •kwratioMasthemortogmotiveaadeaoseofouractios.and South, are so abundant and the candidatemony which bind the many into one, and under the laws now governing it. The work- indicated in those late Union and popular de- the railroad interest must rapidly decline. ing of its machinery throughout the year hasMr. Baaaca—I deaire to ask the umlli—a whether be meant by that language to impute to sae'aay coadaot that is unpecUemaol}*Mr. f.Row-Tafck the genUemaa to refer to bis owa language and see what be thinks.Mr. BaAjrca—I demand of the geatiemaa from Mba- eylvaata la know whether he means by that language to tmpote to me any conduct that is tmgentlemajiiy or ua- bttomtogrMr. GROW—The gentleman charged the other day that I had defeated 'be l on OUioe apprvpriatsoa bill ia order to compel the President o f the Vmted States t o call a a extra session of Congress. 1 say that sccban imputation on my motives was notgfnUemanly under parliamentary law.Mr.BRAKCH—IrepeatthequestionwhichIhavealrealy asked the gentleman from Peanaylvaaia, whether be de- kigtg in tboae remarks to irarute to me any conduct uabs- cotaing a ger.ueata&r A talhtre to respond I shall assume to be a s aiV, • mauve answer.Mr. Gaow—Mr. Clerk, I take the language. W the gentleman; what I have said e a it at ptaia Kcgish. and there tt steads. Toe gentleman the otherThe growth o f the prevalent sectional feeling been systematic and economical, upon a plan Lotus,Mauritius,onthe12thof November,onher terialsareatband,buttheyareafloat Organi- throughout the country threatens the.most introducedbyMr.Smith,andbasedupon thatThe United States ship Mississippi was at Portmonstrations in behalf of Gen. Scott? The ma-way home from China by way of the Cape of. Good zation is demanded, a n d our independent con-Hope. She had made very good ruuniug timo. servative men all over the country, who knowJohn L. Scheeble, of New York, loader of the band what is required to give effect to their opinions, the other interests which contribute to placeof the ship, died on board on the 24th of Octobershould move in this work of organization at away.this country in so exalted a position among thedireful consequences t o this immense branch .of the Bureau o f Construction under the Trekof the prosperity of the Union, as well as to a l lbetween this country and Europe daring the year1659. Two steamship*have been lootdaring the has lately assumed, and the consequent ex- throught the land; it teems in the national count The City Treasury will be reimbursed everywhere regarded, not only aa unparliamentary, bat*Acasualtyanumberofthepassengersandcrewlost theirUvea. TTlio Year lMO»»Va\e Presidentialof Maryland to*enslave the 90,000 free negroes in that State, as may be seen by the memorial to the General Assembly, printed elsewheresitionadmitsofafaircomparisonwiththatof the Roman republic in days of old, whenat times it was divided between two rival factions, the patrician and plebeian; when disunion sen.\Allthebureausofthedepartmenthavebeen efficiently conducted by their several officers, except the Bureau of Roads, in which a diffe- rence was found between the amount of certainMr. Gaow—I will read the gentleman's owa language from the GUAe of Monday lastINOisacavlin our columns to-day.posed to pass a law to drive the free negroes timenta ran so high that each parte- stood at materials furnished for road coverLnat-'and Grow, and banded to m y Mead Mr. Wtastow for d eParties, Wehavecrossedthethreshold—wehaveen-wM eoaibtaa the owwi raoatvad by mail and telegraph at tered the vestibule of the year 1860. We pass and the present one, we have no doubt, willthe amount charged for in the va}aftersthe emce dariog the prertoca week and up to the hoar ofB*i>rJin«ttoaHowe.By the steamship Canada, from Liverpool 17thfrom n year o f political agitation, excitements, share the same fate.Sectionscitement produced in the Southern States, councils, in the local legislatures, in the par- for the latter by assessment upon the property as pagentkmaaly, under paraasaentary practice aad law. M r . l * « A M - a — 1 r e p e a t t h a t t h e g e a U e s a a a h a - n e t r e -y e a r — t h e A r g o o f t h e G a l w a y l i n e , a n d t h e I n d i a nof the Montreal and Liverpool line, by which latter a proposition is made to the Legislature tisan press, and in the pulpit Our present po- benefitted. 'sponded to my inquiry, aad thai I shall take bia (ailare aa an affirinaUve answer.Mr.GTJm—Thegentleman cantakejustwhathe pleasea.Mr. BRANCH—I will do soFormerly it was pro- outofMaryland. Thatpropositionfellthrough,distractions and ugly developementa of section-al discords into the year which is to decide for nessee Legislature to expel the free negroesus, North and South, a peace or an amistice from that State, or compel them to go into made which averted the impending disaster. put the whole matter into the hands of the upon the slavery question, or the premature servitude, when Judge Catron, of the Supreme Some leading man in whom both parties could District Attorney andSuperintendent of Police,An attempt was recently made in the Ten-patriotism, raised their voices above t h e tur- moil o f sectionalism, a n d a compromise w a sme a oommonleatton in writing. Very resnectfally,bay,andthreatenedtosecedefromtheother,and rend the republic in twain. But in theseeventful crises Roman virtue, and wisdom, and of the Superintendent. A n investigationlivery,anote,ofwluththefottowiBSatacopy:—W*«wBon>K Crrr, Dee. » , IMS. 8rn—Win you please name a time a n d place, outside the District of OohimWa, at which yon will reoerve fromThe note, of which this is a copy, was handed to me b y dissolutionofthisgreat,powerfulandprosper- CourtoftheUnited States,whoIsacitizenof place confidence wasusually chosentothe therebydischarginghisportionofthedutyina Mr.Branchimmediatelyafter thecouoqaybetweenhimousconfederacy.The "impending crisis"ofoarPresidentialTennessee,denounceditinastrongletter,as cruel, unpatriotic, impolitic andunjust He shewed that it would react to the prejudice ofoffice of Dictator or some other controlling po-mannerwhichitwouldbefitthoseofficialsto sadMr.Grow. Xoopportunityoccurredofdelivering a, without attracting undue attention, until I met 'Mr.election will undoubtedly settle this problemof Union or disunion; and while we all know the State, and operate against the interests ofsition, and harmony was restored. Let us imitate.strengthen the analogy by imitating the pru- Mr. Smith entered upon his office in the midstGrow attheCapitol oa Friday.WARMS* msmxtm.that an overwhelming majority of the Ameri-the South and the peace and harmony of theand unite upon such a man for President astroversies and legal actions which left the de- ' which the followicg is a copy:—WAJSBIN-CTOJI Crrr, Dec. 30.185*— 7 P. MUnion, we know that our political parties andPresidentialelectionshavefallenunderthecontrol of reckless sectional agitating politi-cians, resolved upon theaccomplishment of afree negro cannot be enslaved unlessfor their own selfish purposes of ambition, power, crime.The mismanagement of his predecessors had lefttheaffairsoftheofficeinsuchaconditionpresentatives the Hon. Wm, Ewing delivered a vehementspeechagainst thebill, showing from the constitution of the United States thatPIK—Yonr note of the 29th iapt^nt w a s placed in m y bands by joor friend, Governor Wim>k>w, at 11 o'clock M. oday. 1knowofcothuigthatmatesitnecessaryforme<o uame a time aad place outside the District of Cotum bia to receive from you a communication in writing. Year notewasdoubtless—as notiungelsehasoccurred betweeaquences.Wegeethatthesedesperatesectional the friendsofthenegrorace,andofmo- Cuba—I.andrU TitlesTheretobeOver- demagogues have already destroyed the old deration, has killed off the movement in •tattled.integritywhichMr.Smithhasmanifested,andwhen he says:—sectional camp, and that thus our Presidential the welfare of the free negro population contest for the succession threatens to assume and driving a portion o f the Southern people the revolutionary form o f a n "irrepressible to extremes. The provocation is indeed great;Ud and declared a enm- b y the laws enacted b y the bodyof which w e a r e members, I cannot recognise It a s a the government of that important island, there plex a n d extended business, nothing within my know- jcrtillable mode o f sealing difficulties among men, even ledge has been done which did not admit of ready correc- in ca»es of unwarrantable provocation ; but m y personalTennessee, as It is doing in other States Among the recent official changes that havenational party organizations of the country;that the only original Presidential parties r e -maining have each assumed the position o f a ednees o f Northern agitators are endangering Concha and the advent o t General Serrano t oof the South, where the folly and wickbeen made in Cuba by the removal of GeneralFrom the ruins of the old whig party, andbetween the Hungarian Protestants and the Im- from the disintegrations of the old democratic which exists only in the South, will prevail Court of Spain to examine into the titles of the nually in the Street Department, and when we is left m e than to publish this narration, and leave th eperialismwasdreaded. TheSpanishexpeditionto party, the present overshadowing Northern over the violence and rash counsels ofthe landedproprietors,and to setoff and define rememberthatprevious Street Commissioners whole matter to the impartial judgment of houorabkaMorocco hod been reinforced. A holy war had few. As an illustration of the esteem in which the lands supposed to belong to the crown. been proclaimed throughout Morocco, and it was anti-elavery republican party h a s arisen. I t Brigadier Pinzon has arrived from Madrid a t thought thousands of Moors would flock to the threatens the complete occupation of the the negroes are held, and the confidence re-claimed the books and papers o f the office astren of all seciioa* of the coantry._ ^L-WB. BBANCB. WASHDGTOS Crrr, Jan. 2, lte*.TRKoewranranSHUKHI. ThenewyeardawnsuponaaunorganizedCongress,wilh no more prospect of getting a BpeakerSm Tuesday,by a majority vote, than existed the first day of the ass-their own private property, and used themac seaboardtodefendtheircountry.InLiverpool NorthernStates,uponthis"oneidea"ofhos- posedinthemattheSouth,wemayrefertoa Havana,withauthoritytosearchthear- cordingly.Hesays:—• .chives of the government and the severalprovision markets were reported doll. In London the other hand, as the democratic party haa dent, that it is in contemplation by the promi- municipal corporations of the island, for the meat since my first connection with It. the following pr:upurpose of determining the extent of the grants ciples have been constanUy insisted upon aad rigidly ad-cottonhadalighUydeclined.Thebreadstnfisand tilitytoslaveryandthe"slavepower."On factmentionedbyourRichmondcorrespon-Inthe^ftdminisu-auonofthebusinessofthisdepartconsols wore quoted at 95* a 95| for account, ex- dividend.nent members of the Virginia Legislature to organize a regiment of free neguses to repel any future invasion like that of John Brown.been broken up or borne down in the North,under the pressure of this anti-slavery senti-ment, the same party has supplanted the oppo-oar European correspondence. The London sition in the South, until we may safely declare This is in happy contrast with the proceedingsmade in former ages to private individuals. hered to, via:—That a a oflk-ial written record should he sion. 1 am satisfied that absenteeism will not accomplish kept of every transaction, BOplain as to require no expla-Wo give in another portion of to-dayV paperlatter of the 13th oi December wUl be read that, as matters now stand, every Southern attempted in Maryland and Tennessee.with interest all over the Union. In it the writer fully exposes the designs of England against the integrity of this republic, and her hopes of oar sec- tionalseverancethroughabolitionagent-.TheState maybe placed on the democratic side inour estimates of the Presidential election. whites of the South, and the best proof of it isofficer.Mr. Smith's term of office does not expire Hhtil next November: and if at that time Mayor Wood should see fit to make any change in the Street Department, we only trust that he willthat Mr. Morris, of Illinois, after pairing with Mr. Key nokls, of New York, says hto friends will not. consent to the arrangement, and has so notified the friends of Mr. Reynolds,whoa>absent Morris*friendsviewMr.Raynolds as an opponent of Mr. Sherman. Has la not Mr. Rey-And what then?Including the embryo State of Kansas, thethere is a vast amount of negro philanthropyWhen we take into consideration the fact that none of these grants were made within the last one hundred years, and that many o f them were made as long ago as the sixteenth cen- tury, when the geography of the country wasImperfectly known, and little care w a s taken thattheyaretakengoodcareof. IntheNorth Inthespecificationofcoursesanddistancesinnation; that such record*, should a t all convenient Um«« the result which some suppose, a s the democrats will inhe opened to public inspection, and that the books, ac- sist, as they have done all along, that when one of their counts, correspondence, and papers of every kind, per- members is absent some republican shall pair on withtafcuag to this Cepartment, should b e known and held a spublic property belonging to the office, and not to the him—otherwise no ballot will be allowed. I understandIn truth, the negro race are loved by thetomflooncethenextPresidentialelectionin willbeasfollows:— Africanraceishated,andtheNorthernStatesdo open.Thisisstillfurtherincreasedbythe equallyqualifiedtoperformthedutiesofStreet direction,aaditisunderstoodthatheassertedwhenha favorofananti-slaverycandidate. Total electoralvote * n* nottakecareoftheirnegroes,butallowthemto leftherethatlapairinghimhewishedtobeviewed asaofMr.Branchhirelationtothedffi-NecessarytoelsctaPresident '1Udieofstarvation.ItisonlyafewdaysagothatmannerinwhichtheoldgrantsofhaciendasCommissioner.Ifhedoesthat,thepublicandNortneraelectoralvote ig*Mr. Grow and himself, and which Is iSoathern electoral rote , '.*.'.'..' 120 a poor negro was frozen to death in Brooklyn.WeremadebytheSpanishauthorities.Instead thetaxpayerswillhavereasontorejoice,for Sherman managainst anyadministration man.Mr. Sickles being also absent, wltho-jt any par, will reduce ofadopting a plan ofsurvey, andgranting Mr.Smith's administrationhasprovedentirely thetotalvotetwo,batwillreduce thenumber necessary*.m J -1^ —Smear DKPAKTMKMT—REPORT o r Coat-8jtTr%--The management of theDuring Friday evening I received from Mr,Gr« dence of the Romans in this great emergency, of difficulties, after a series of disgraceful con- ' through the Hon. R. E. Featoa, of New York, a^rbplyfor his services and his wisdom, who is aboveand outside all parties and factions, and whowill put sectionalism to rout in every quarter ' that he had much to undo before he could com-mencebisownduties. Foryearsifeverbe- UP—basednponremarks made bymeindebatetothe fore, the Street Department has not been con- Hrcse of Representatives in reply to yoar speceM impugnirg my motives andthe integrity of my acta spoils and plunder, regardless of the conse- We believe this oppositon on the part of A M ew Revolutionary Element In ducted with the same ability, industry and as a legislator. On that occasion I used no language in violation o f parliamentary l a w a a d n o t warranted by your remarks thus impugning m y conduct i r wehave no doubt that he speaks correctly jour note Is to be considered of a hastile cberacter, then I have this to reply Regarding duelling as a t variance with the precepts of the Christian religion and the sentiments of a Christian people, aad it being probioi-ofthecountry.> states that about one million of dollars hadisetapartbytheBritishgovernmentinorder PresidentialelectoralvoteofNovembernext ventilatedinwords,butthereitends,forthe fortroubleanddiscontentisabouttobelaid selectasuccessortothepresentincumbent hisvotewouldelectMr.Shermanbeshouldcastitiathatthe surveys, it will readily be seen what a fieldnolds' true posiuon.as he bas invariably stated Out whoaiatheWashingtonpapersthisafter- Fromthesesuggestivefigures,itwillheseen Deathsof negroes bysuch heartless neglectbe found in our special despatch from that in a purely sectional contest the North do not occur at the South. If any one lands with a defined boundary, a point only satisfactory in redeeming the department from to a choice only one, so that Mr. Sherman on Uu next» "aawjaw* iwapajaaaamaiaaaa^ aw f f v i •elect their President We can give the South , it k expected, Mayor Wood's message Pennsylvania and California, or we can throwduring 9 year, he will find the majority of rounding land within a given radius from that them of the happy negro population of the pointabsentees, %VA come within three of aa election. Tata s» Ont NEW MvxrciFAL ADMIXISTUATIUX.—The the second time to the history of the government that aaMoaartHall democrats, eight*and eight republicans,spirited contest in private caucus ia I»rssJdeacy of theshape of practical benevolence towards tilethe orchms who blewta* lajiraiwjaUW> IWWCBASg OnNswYhot KnJtwlflliaTfW atiiiLu-j 1vative and practical character, or the interven- consistency to talk to us across the Atlantic tion of a third party may repeat the electionduty of the Mayor will be to watch the Com- Brown, of Kentucky, the member Who has net yet voted chain of operations ia continuous, and great mon Council, and restrain, aa far aa possible, because hells not of consiBnoonal age will be old en-xv+iAs municipal legislature wfflirequired bylaw, and organise,much valuable time a a d money have been wasted In . a Three centuries of quarrels and litigation new municipal administration, with Fernando quarrel between factions. Every Bouse hat been or-e l <AnrehAamillions of whites,and alltheblaojfl atthe tbeend.moneys by that most delectable body o f legis- IhtW*. J^hjm,looker, itIssaidthatMr.Stalworth wulbe here before the 1Mb instant, aad then the democracy, baring its itoetod ftrcofth to the floor oi thv fi7Jact wlD ykfcLstand, politically, out New Jersey, Indiana and Illinois, and still South, but not a single one of them of theThe Pros* be victorious; but the loss of New Jersey and - agreed upon in rennsyh ania, or of Pennsylvania, Californiacolored people of New England.'tionists would just set a good example, in the sors in the most populous parts of the country;Counsel and Comptroller are concerned, with every prospect o f satisfactory results. I n Wood, Bronson and Haws the city has an effi-The prevailing opmion ia that the present state of anairo wlUwvertjereeeetoua'tbeHoos.^ A law will be passed providing that after the trial of a raa wuable number of balloto, aad it shall appear tha- a maand Oregon, will settle the question the other way, allowing that the South will vote as a unit But the vote of New York alone, ifto oat>4lent i t but destroy i t WhatistheprospectofthisNorthernbalancePeck.but the appearance of an officer from the Courtof Spain, with power to inquire into the titleamong the proprietors have in a measure set- Wood at its head, goes into office to-day, and, gantaed before the 1st of January, except in the Thirty Charity begins at home; and if the aboli- tled the boundaries between individual posses- as far as the offices of Mayor, Corporation fourth Congress and the present.negroes about their own doors, not forgettingsgainst the republican party, will not only de- the oppression of the poor factory girls of their upon which possession is founded, and to de- cient and responsible triumvirate, in whose jority cannot elect, the plurality rule anal! then takeown race throughout the New England State*. heymightgetsomecreditfortheirprofessedtermine what belongs t o the individual, a n d hands t h e administration o f the government efiect. Tnelmostseriotn objections t o t h e operation o fplication ofanewsqueezing processtothe sentstoamendth?chartersoastoplacesuffi- democratsfavoringJohn ofpower?Wemustfirsthaveasettlement sympathyfornegroesoneor!twothousand wealthyinhabitantsofCuba Everylanded cientpowerinthemtogovernaccordingtoTanTino. This "dead lock" will probably PreTftllt today, and, it ia thought, forIswith the) Albany Regency at Charleston before miles distant from them; and if the philanthro-proprietormayperhapsbeobligedtopurchase, theirownjudgments.either with favor o r money, a new title to his The exciting character o f the late city elec- estates, and what such a necessity implies un- tionhasfixed the attention of the whole coun-countuponthevoteofNew itely ccresults BUT last State election, popular vote, show that New York, upon a brand national platform,pists o f Exeter Hall would only use the same exertions to ameliorate the condition o f suffer-n»yberoooveredbythedemocracy. SI* *>P * * » patty does not hold the States of bably be more successful, and the beastlywhat to the crown, isnothingmore than the ap- wUl be perfectly safe, if the Legislature con-tt»eplurality rule in the present House ar« made by about who wereto theThirtyfourthCosentertaintheopinionthattheywerede- r its operation a t that time, believing whea HthattheywouldsecuretheetacttooofMr. Carolina, and assert that t h e elertioa o f at a surprise, to them. They declare that cheated agato: that they kaow the a4os>-ing humanity around them which they vainly der a corrupt colonial government, four thou- try upon Mayor Wood; the promises of reformexpend on behalf of a happy race of darklesirarauty rale will elect Mr. Sbrrvuax, and t-aa sandinileadistant fromacourtwhoseearsare Withwhichheenteredupon thecanvass have notelect a»y other person, and itMI therefore the taaaon this side of the ocean, they would pro- ever closed to private complaints, requires no led our citizens to expect much from him, and thingdhey trill yield. Under parliamentary tow they can osJtydspniwawk«day by Bntoy wf (wdtiaeos, New Jersey nad Vmuylnai*. They are held prophet to foretell. The present object is said Ids official career will be watched, at home and prevent the adoption of the plurality rale just as km- aaThesa^ahSfofti* new yaar waspractices and horrid degradation of the to be limited to the examination of the titles abroad, with rigid scrutiny. He is not indiffer- they can obtain votes enough to demand the yens aad •aehby a temporary eppoaition coalition un- mines would be abolished, and tow vast to the uncultivated lands of the iaian4 for ent, neither are his ^colleagues, to the respon- aays, wbkh requires only one-fifth of the nvmbensderadifferentname,anduponmoreconserva- amountofsqonUdmiseryandpovertyand thepurposeorsecuringtothegovernment voting.sibilityreetiaguponthem,andwedoubtnot ITheState*newspaperofy.*terdayhasasigaiSnuitar- theforestsottimberandcabinetwoodswhich that a reepect fortheir owacharacterand ttele,toihajeabetthatOMpluralityrulewillnetbeai'ow- amidst boundless wealth and splendor, would are now being appropriated b y individuals; known ability wBMiidnjce__tijem to a faithful ed to operate tor weeks to come. In connection with tola States, therefore, the republican party must be somewhat diminished, and .thenth» world- but when titles that have been held for gene- •petfonnance of their duties. The principal announcement, whichto considered good authority on themake some important concessions of a conser- wide philanthropy might venture wifih some rations once commence tb be disturbed,the subject alluded to, there to a report u>night thai Mr.tiveprinciplesthanthoseofft,^p^ycaa bangerwhichexistsintheBritishmetropolis, platform. Tosecurethese twoIndlepensableOf1866.! WjWnfle ft republican triumph w ^ fkj.about our negro slaves. Well would it be for effort* can only prevent its being followed to all jobbing and aquanderlng of the public to take his {seat oa the fifteenth of uV present month. ItUntitled DocumentNorth,tadthriceiwppj"Qui*Irathecondition. ThvptejC&tAOTomeaA^ regardtotheJan^.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rNotwithstanding that many irregularities have almost neccta-aniy occurred in the various branches of this com-I n hled to the resignation of that official,aad Mr. Smith promptly and properly Hon. GAIXIOU A. Gaow. L. C B . BRANCH.Immrdiately after the oecarreaoe I addressed to Mr.bis letter, it will be readily understood that BOother coarse www.fultonhistory.com 