 'Of salMist-mt.ue«•.n©IT ' i»•wee -J««.Co«s\ f *«;.•*y«i .' • K> .* • I*. - ;,. /oplk the amount, and awigned various portions to different par- ! ties, ton objeut to receive co»ts !u ea.?h separate-suit. AJlthsr cas^s were tried beforeJudge Thompson on the one day,<*&"En-Ldfcb*S'U>ofW»8<S*&-' •- .I"•'!•ij— •'••-'9for the last year or more by the Republican Contract- ing Board. At a meeting of the Board yesterday, on motion of Mr. Skinner, the ne »v Democratic Commis-and are insured lor $3,000 in the Eagle Insurancemaking his present weight 3,418 pounds. He was raised and fattened by E. Haxtun 6f Beekman, Dutchess County.FORGING ORDERS.—A German tailor, named Erna Keeler, residing, at "BTo. 27 Bayard street, was arrested yesterday, charged with having forged' the name of Augu&t W . Wehmer, keeper of a saloon, to several ordersondifferentpersons. Theseorderswerepre-it is thought he will recover.MAYHEM.—Patrick Fljnn was brought before Jus- tice Cornwall yesterday on the charge of biting the ncee of Patrick Peterson nearly off wMle^enjraged m a right the ut*ht previous. T»vh>e- au/cvc.nu«*s>e<di w-wamst committed fror tnoLTHE BROOKLYN CHESS CLUBv To the K&itor of Th*&. Y- Tribune. .SIR:InyourarticleuponChessmattersonthe16thinst. you have unintentionally done injustice to the Brooklyn Cheat Clab,by'reporUhgttasnotiii so flourishing 'a conditioo as butt year. Tbis is a mistake, as the Cleb was never in so promising a condition as H is now. It has among i u members some ot the very strongest players in the country, aad the avetage strength of its members is not excelled by any Club in the United States. The rooms of the Club are centrally located and eeeeJbrtablr furnished,and are open to the rmr4ic every eaeabag. OaWednea- day and Saturday evenings there is a general atteodaaoe of the members for practice, and on Saturday aext a grand tournament will commence for the purpose of testing the eonparatiVe strength of the members, and three rshxable priaes are to be given so the winners m each of three classes of players.Mkr^ 7« f -pfcdm~ St-•*'•**'• Sr1 , J Eers tbe Resignation of Charles H. Printup, as.Clerk in their office, was received and accepted.[Argns aad Atlas.packing crockery, but from what cause ia unknown. The Oregon 8tate House ia comprised within themoney obtained! on them. The prisoner was commit-ted by. Justice Steers to answer, and the lad was sent•—We read hi the Brussels IndipewUnuxj" At tbe representation of the Pardoa aV Ptoenns*, g*ren on **ndey • "reaJng at the Theatre de la Mesnaie, MdUe. Boutart waathe objert of the meet #r**r^"g dJaHwcrien, Their Royal Higb-wesssstfc. Pake and Duchess of Brabant were present, and afterthe second act of Meyerbeer's opera our prima donna tnttmat totts> tbe reyet lx*. wfcece *h* remained the whole time betweentbeaet*. The duke oompttmeoted ber in the highest terms upon Yankee was not alow in originating a plan for its BUO- ofi&cee being-now in a brick instead of a wooden build,;*•v.-...Market, exhibited on Tuesday in front, of the City Hall, a monstrous fat steer. The animal is a low grade redtice CornweU.-removes Superintendent IL C. Dorn, Sec. 2 Erie Marshal. Canal, Wm. G. Wait, Sec. 3, John Beardslee, Sec. 4,KIKE IN rKINCB STREICT.<•*'r%.it.-...CANAL ScpKRiNTEsnENT-s ABOLISHED ON THEot the Ecnperor, that la to say, on serving rratuitooaly, so aa to with on all sections where the repairs are lone by con- Tear past by sickness, was removed from the burningfront door open, and went down stairs with a loaded run; Do er says that ten days ago he weighed 3,452 pounds, but Wirt also w«nt out if tbe bar-room into tbe entry, when K«d, since his arrival at Bull's Head has lost* 34 pounds— hearing the noij-e, fired, supposing it was the burglar- £h» shot took effect in the bpdy of De Witt, who i» seriously injured, bu»• ^ l •Itba* not many years ago one of the slayeholdingGovernor has one room, and the Secretary of State and Treasurer another; andaa the Legislature meets but biennially, that branch of the Government will be disposed of in tht publio hall overhead when occasion. .,.:veie. Tte old Senators say there has not been HO *t«>rrny an executive session since therejection of Mr. Van Buren, and the attempted rejection of Mr. Ever- ett, who was saved by the surpassing eloquence of Henry Clay."m •ANEW, ANDYET ADANGEROUS WAY OFCOLLECT-ING OLD DEBTS,—There has been in existence forseme time in New-York an agency for collecting debts,whope manner of business is something in this way:The establishment keeps a large covered wagon onwhich is painted in'conspicuous letters the name andplace of business of the agent, and the words, " Baduntil the next meeting.The weekly statement is as follows:,shrieks of Mrs. Macready alarmed the whole house,drove the burglar to his hiding place, and brought aa-•istanre. The man had can a hole over the door of the wound, thepugh which the secretions pass. The hag No 251, occupied by Mri?. James Miller, LOBB $300;has been partially insane for some time. She tolls for insured $1,500 on stock and furniture in, tke People's•**•*< Jiscalp, recovered at great expense from the Indians, wbo abstracted it. The cotonifot apeak* of the comfort afforded totbe&rafly by the melancholy relic, a* the scalp is entire, with all the hair nnd vara, and ih^oeaurviuliy fine wHse© brown hxr as natural an waen struck down by the ruthless tomahawk of the sav- age1860..We also believe that buyers can obtain their supply Of first-rate cuttle much easier than last week, at certainly no higher prices, while buyers of medium grades can•\ Advertisement.]Before Justice LVOMAKD.OKCISIONS.•iber limits, as to amount to virtual prnkabition; but the re mires. The Oregon Statesman thinks this ia a charged with having attempted to rob Mi*e Julia-of unequaled Parisian excellence.—One Eev. Mr. A. S. Pinch publishes a card, in their landlord, grocer, or tailor. Many are doubtless worriedHouse..... Work-House...,Small-Pox Hospital Randall*« Island."117 Children at nurse.'. 1,155 City Cemetery203 S38,212•:Minto "settHr-g np" by this ingenious, ^unwarrantable and unjaot which be s»ys that while attending the Brockport exposure. Tbe institution in New-Yorjl we believe has been14| 876Camp Meeting, a woman, small in stature, wearing and prepossessing in appearance, appeared, pur- -uued him in a earriag*, told him of her esteem and howmuch she was worth, and induced him to marry her. He consented, the knot was tied, and she, having ac- eomphshed his ruin, forsook him, probably to find an- other victim. Mr. Finch says she served two men iuthe same way before; one in Canada and the other in Wisconsin; the latter in a destitute condition. He gives warning that she may not inflict similar outrages again.— The Washington Star says:**Tbe Hon. John Cochrane of New-York, though slowry re-eonrerlsg, i» rtdB cowfiaed to bi* bed by painful iTtaeB*. Though in ao p«u-tic«Ur danger, the fact that he is -very tick occasions great •oUcitade among bin feUow-members of the House and the Washington public, by all of whom he U sincerely regarded, Indeed."—In the Supreme Court in Boston, on Monday morning, on motion of Ex-Judge Abbott, Hon. George S. Boo*well was admitted to the bar. Wc understand that he is about to establish himself in that city in con- nection with Hon. Joel Giles, and that he will, in allprobability, resign his office as Secretary of the Board of Education.—The foil length portrait of Nicholas Hill, the emi- nentlawyer,istobeplacedintheroomoftheCourt of Appeals.—At the last President's levee in Washington con- niaerable amrwement was created during tht> evening by the rather strange conduct and uniform worn by a gentleman present, who made himself unusually con- spicuous. It was ascertained that he was a stronger from the West, and had be<-n persuaded to adopt the attire he wore, by somewags, who informed him that he muet wear a court dress or military uniform on hid• appearance at the reception of the President. .—A miHiona<re in Kent, England, and a large land- -efwner, has a daughter upon whom b« -wan prepared to bank bi« fortune. Tbe young lady was wooed and won by the^curate of the parish in which she resided. The reverend gentleman wished to make her his wife, but her father resolutely refund, and eventually she was induced to marry a rich Dutch merchant. Upon her marriage her father settled £100,000 on her. The lady was married about four ye*rs, and a few weeks, agoabandoned, the Courts there in one intttance, declaring it an ille- ral nuisance, and individual anrer visiting the unlucky driver of the vehicle with summary and not altogether unmerited chas- tu>eruent. At all events, the agency ha* been transferred, or abranch been extended to this city, and is jn full operation here. PuriEtc the "week part the annoying wagon in question was driven up before a hou»e in. Hicks Htreet. where a gentleman and bis wif« boarded, saainut whom it i.i alleged a furniture oealer of our city had a claim for $30. The gentleman in question, we believe, was unfortunate in buHinex* and failed. The lurnitnre dealer thinking the debt tot one of ihe bent. Hold it to the col- lec'or for two dollar*. The lady told the driver of the vehicle on his first vi»it not to again cotne round there annoying the house, but to prenent the bill to ber hm«band at his place of bu»ine«8 in •New-Ywrk. Not to take " n o " for an aniwer is one of the prin- ciples of the business, and in a very short time the wagon wiw round again. The laay thi* time was prepared to have a settle- ment with the driver, and a» soon aa he poked bis nose inside the door she made at him with a horse-whip and very vigorously applied it, until the collector made hinwetl* scarce in the neigh-borhood, aad he has forgotten to call that way since. [Brooklyn Eagle.THE SEVERE COLD IS EAST TEXAS.—A letter,written in Chappel Hill, the middle of Dec-amber,says: ^"Two ice-houses at Waco, in lat 49°, were filledThe Board then adjourned.T otal.........HUDSONworse for owners than they were last week. That themaiket ia a hard jOne for drovers, we have no doubt. vate hospital, where every comfort of domestic life is provided1••;• '/•»« li••••*•.• '• ,WNEW-YORK&DAIL YART ITEMS.TEN GOVERNORS., CITY . . .ITEMS-•while she was passing through Laurens street, she was assaulted by tbe prisoner and two others, who took improper liberties with her, and afterward atteorptedJSTEW-JERSET;«. ,'*,A^^fTRIBUNE,WEDNESDA Y ,JAJNUARt18,\profits ofVu•toAViiiifii—Thf nVv. Henry Ward Beecher has purchased Irae This B<>ard met yestetv.ay afternoon at the Rotunda, lar^e pawing by George L. Brown, now on. exhihi- 'President B, i \ PINCKNICY in the chair,.and all the members present except Mr. Town'eeud. The usual tion aT.JTo 7C8 Broadway, representing a view of the re^uudtton* ttrom the Wardens and, Physicians were: i.• » -• •enormousPICKFOCKETS.—Withm a fe «* days part #everaj[ couv- to carry off her cape. The accused wa« committed for p'Hint" hvrn bee*" mtde by partie* who hare had their p«e««fcsthe Collector of Assessments and his deputies have si«e of Tubculum from the top of Mount AlbanO.. It is passed, and the mirutes'read and approved. The from time to time been exhibited by mon'hly state-examination by Justice Kelly. RENEW AL OF THE RAILROAD CAR« ;. *•pickrd while •ptumhiz from the ferry b^4t« ta vho ear*. T w » iteutlemen were relieved of amail amounta ye*terd«y, but t W thieye* were not detected. , ,ftV>e cotrpsnion picture of that truly noble laadseape, Pn»si^eTit announced th« fallowing as the StandingCommittees for the year 1>'6C: ments, but we now give the entire fees of those luckyLICENSES —Thetimeforthe renewal of c»r licenses by the City Rail- * y«Mel Itinc near the Jeruey City Ferry, abMceuded on M.tmA*Tfull of the brilliant hybt of a Summer morning, giving uilm* fiou*e-~ <-«'»JITI» Smith, i'owm»ohd, and Bnu»mnj»hanaori. officials for the year 1859. T&ey put the salaries of the jterter, *have secured the Kev. C. JL Spnrgeoh of a view of the ok Appian Way, near Rome. The R«i «ru« UoepttaJ—Messrs. Bruenirtghausen, Lynch, and Gun- Major and Comptroller completely in the shade, but—" The puUiabew," aaya Tke Watchman and Rx- London, at great expense, as r-{joiar correspondent, ofthis paper. ' Among the thousands who have rend with profit hi* sermon* in this country, there ia hardly oue Who does not feel a deep interest in his continued ase- fttmese and prosperity, and who will not hail9 commu- nication with him. As Mr. Spargeon keeps biavwdf informed of all religion* mov-mwnte, especially in"England, his tetters cannot fail to be richly instructive and entertaining."—The Secretary of the Interior has applied to the See and 'Fox Indians for a fnft Indian war-dress, to be presented, through the French Minister, to Lonis Na- poleon. The tribe has most generously responded with a>splendid equipment; scalping-knif e, tomaha*k, peao*-pipe, and various other articles of wavage warfare. No expense baa been spared by way of ornament and dwe- eraoon.—It is said that the interest of Mr. "Winans of Balti more m the railroad from St. Petersburg to Mosco *r i the prixicipal obstacle to it* purchase oy tne.Rothnchildfrom the Sureian Government. The road cost $100,(500,CGO, beside the permanent lien which Mr. Wiaww has on it, and the Government ha* oifered to aeU it for $60,000,000.—The }Jew-York correspondent of a Charleston p-i- per says: In the way of gossip, rumor has it that a fair niece of Mayor "Wood is soon to be led to the hy-xoenial altar by a Cuban millionaire.• —Joel Osburn, who d'ed in Loudon County, Vir' ginia, en the 2d inst., 'eft a will, by which he directed. his executors to sell his farm near "Wood^rove, and .give the money to the Alexandria, Loudon, and Hamp- shire Eai'.icad Company, to be need for tbe building ofth» road. The bequest is valued at $6,000.—The artists in Washington went over to Baltimore on Tuesday, to " assist " a t the marriage of Mignot, the landscape painter, to a daughter of Dr. Harris of that city. Afterward, Kensett, Bmwwe, and Lamb-din, the Art Commissioners, met in Washington to re- port on.the Capitol decorations.Tke Limerick Reporter announces that the E«xl of Derby has withdrawn tbe notices to quit their holdings which his lordship caused to be served upon several oft the tenants' on the Coogey estate, in Tippenuy,. im- •mediately after the savage murder of Mr, Crowe.—Chief-Justice Taney has sufficiently recovered -from his attack of pneumonic catarrh to believe that he -will be able to resume his seat in the Supreme Coartvery shortly. '•-r-Oue of the members of the firm of Corson & Shields, Washington Market, oa Saturday collected the sum of $303 in "money for the benefit of the Lawrenceeuffercrs.—Gen. Cass has given to the Board of Education of Detroit a lot of land valued at $15,000, for a Union School-house, r—Wendell Phillips "is engaged to deliver his lecture -en Toussaint L'Ouverture in this city at the CooperInstitute, Jan. 31.—Mona. Charles Heidseck, the celebrated pagneWine proprietor, has arrived in this ctty route to the West to hunt buffalos and other animals. H e is provided with the finest shooting utonsuVr-somethes.CVry Cemetery—IMefars". Ountlier, Oliver, and Maloney, City ¥ruu.%s— Messrs: W . T. ?in»-ney, Du§ror and Saaith.with •$:«-, 1;«1OTX-<I.P: to the captain. All «e«ren tot W.u hm road Companies has arrived, aad the Sixth and Eighth proved unavaiHag. .-'>I"Site of Tusculum," h as remarkable for itsbreadth ofv e w and fine pro*jjecrivev as for the bold and nmssivecharacter of the rocky foregrf-und. It ranks amongthe fin^t 'andscspe* that have been exhibited"in New-these are not the only lucky Jones. The Sheriff; County Clerk, and some others a'io reap a golden harvest. The Bureau for the Collection of Assessments is about tl e fattest r.pot in' the Street Department. Tnere ap-Avenue Companies have already renewed. The Sec-ond and Third Avenue Companies refused to obey theordinances of the Common Council last year licensingFATAL AOCIBKNT AT THF.TCNNKL,—John Leyett. a,h'VwwxwrtoyeAtetrtwfvTi,*. 6, wit* fatally iojtued y e i t e r d ^b> being blown uj^in the ahait while ho waa *. work. He. wa»coaT»"yedtotheNew.YorkHoi.pital,but died•eon after reHOuhmjthere... , ' ' •'sitters are eome of our literary celebritiss. He has in Smith and Jaa. Brown, resigned. Vequestrian *tatne of Washington, which isto be placed in the Boston Common, on the rising ground near the " frog pend." .Mr. W. T. PINKNKY was^ glad that this matter had come up, as it showed how ousinens was transacted. A great deal of evil might arise in consequence of each of the members ordering articles. He contended that it should b&ve been upon tbe regular requisition, or upon a private requisition. The matter should haveThe Jury then retired to their room but vrw« unable to reesaiav THE HARDWARE BOA^O OF TRADE.—Thethirdan- the.rolongasthere VMno fi^e inthe stove. The Cewrt'Beooa "was cleared of spectator*, law«i« and reporters, and the JuryTHK SOUTHERN FVKY IN THE SENATE CHAMBER.— been advertised, and contracts received. It was due The Heroic's Washington correspondent thus de- to the Board that all subjects should come before tham.annual meeting, when the Treasurer reported abalance of $1,480 41,inthe treasury, exclusive of thehospital fund, which amounts to $1,183 09. The re-ceipts during 1859, including a balance from the pre-vious year of $3,803, amounted in all to $8,621 81.ThismorningtheJudgesaidhe wouldhew.theDi«-,Am UNFAITHFUL WATCHMAN.—TheodoreWeiss, afarmer of New-Jersey, had In his employ a man named James trict-Attornev on the motion made last'Saturday ' to dia-•-Mr, GUNTHKR moved that the bill be paid, which was carried. 'graced the Senate of the United States. Mr. Cling- mittee on Inland Hospital.n i:o made a severe speech agaiust the election of -"lewr Bills to the amount of $290 for wines, cigars, and refreshments, ordered during the past year by. individ- ard„ Mr. Doolittle replied to Clingman, and charged ual members o: the Board, were presented, and re-npon the South with severity, when Mr. Toomb-? gavethe l:e to I>oolittle, and Doolittle fiuog.it back, and ferred to the Committee en Supplies, with power to consternation followed, and what followed that your pay. ' Thete bills w* re of old date, and all contractedprior to the resolution limiting the appropriation to reporter cannot tell, r-ave a hurrisd adjournuieut. I do "$350 for refreshment* for eaen member.not hear that notes have passed to-ni^ht, but all concurscribes the violent assault in debate of Southern Sena-tors upon Mr. Doolittle of Wisconsin, on Monday: 11Two other bills for $33 and $40 for lath, for theHol^iiur. On Monday, de«.irir»g to visit New-York Mr. Weiw left. Holdinp in charge of the hou-e. He had been jtonobuta little while when Holding packed ur> a lob of clothing and other properry. valued at $100, with wh^ch he al«.> started for New-charge various persons couvicted durimt the mouth, oa tiMi ground that the in<iictmeuts wer« not aigned by any Dwtrict Atiorny, tbe fffice being vacant at the time in consequence a<the death of Vr. Sedgwic*.Eac-Judge Rooeevelt, the Pistrict-Attorney, re«n»rked that tkeThe executive session of the Senate to-day was same institution, were presented, and reterred to Com- probably the most violent aad brntal that ever dis-The expenditure amounted to $7,141 40; of which York Wbre navigating in the neighborhood of the ^Veehawken circumstiuces were of a grave nature, au<x the prisoners ought$3,G75 were laid out by the Relief Committee, for ferry, Ihe thief arouwjrt the cuspidon of Officer Bennholda of the not be discharged on such a t< chmcal objection. He could not Twenty-«econd Precinct, w bo finally took him into _ custody. »<••• how A porson with an indictment before him, regularly foumd the benefit of destitute persons. The President's re- Subsequently tbe owner of the gocn WM found, anU his prooer- r>j a firand Jury, auu «"ith aH its defects open cmldgooatoat.y restored to him. The prisoner was taken before Justice trial wirhout a motion in arrest of judgment, aud then after the.'union. As evidence of this, an extract of his recent from and after tbo ltt day of February inst., the Pres- speech concerning Brown's raid at Harper's Ferry was ident and Secretary of the Board be directed to drawFourth avenue, German physicians treated about 1,670patients. The following gentlemen were elected to him by Charles Lantto. The gjood* which he is accused of re-quoted. This brought the entire South to the supportof Mr. Faulkner andnis disunion sentiments, who, it for and cause to be ciepesited in the Shoe and Leather was believed up to that time, would have been rejected Bank, all sums of money belonging to the Department, but for the additional interference of Mr. Doolittle. and the account now with the Mechanics' Bank beceiving consisted of a variety of small articles, which had been the Board of Directors:—Messrs. Oswald Ottendorfer,. stolen from the fronts of different stores.closed on tbe above date.Mes-rjr. Iverson and Clay are said to have been quite Coubiderable dL-.enssion ensued upon the subject, theH. Baltzer, J. G. Bechtel, Theo. Hanselt, S. T. Stras- ny, Carl Steinway, and Willie Wallace.BULL'S HEAD.—The number of cattle yarded yester- day at the great Cattle Market in Forty-fourth st»eet, will not differ much from 2,800 head, and a fair propor- tion of the stock is of very good quality. The number of all sorts is ample for the demand, at a slight reduc-Edward H. Stabler agt Jamos V„ Mallory.This was an action brougbt by the plaintiff to recover $407 damages for the use of a paper mill, in testing a Detent bclongil g to the defendant, to convert straw and flax into fibrou* matter, and from tbeuce into paper. The plaintiff seeing the de- fendant's invention, thought that perhaps, it might bo applied t e the converting of cane into paper, as well a* flax and straw, aad d*»t-ir< d tbe defendout to make »<IUJ« experiments for him. T h e defendant consented, for if the exp«»riaj<nt should succeed the- parent would be much the more valuable. Aa defense to t h e action, -tbe defendant brought in a counter claim again*t the plaintifl' for service* and mateHals in making the experiment PROCEEDS OF A BURGLAR*.—On Monday ni?ht, of $4Sii. Tbe trial WHS commenced ou Monday morning, aadas bitter ap Mr. Toombs in their replies to Mr. Doolit- motive for. changing being tlrnt the Shoe and .Leacher tle, who is not reported to have made any answer toisb-lookirtg Portuguese, w n arresttid yesterday, charged with having; on the 31st ult., committed a brutal outrage upon Catha- rine liudenhoffer, a child eigbf. yearx of"age. The calld's parents reside at No. 51 Fran*fort street, where they keep a boardiu«- house,- and an older daughter s»ys that the accaaed had previ- ously attempted to commit a like tu**auit upon herself-the epithet*, which are reported to have been very ee- Bank would be more convenient. Laid on the tabledebts collected," "Old claims hunted up," &c. The Lunatic Asylum713 City Prison...,.:...1,8">9 Second District Prison.....756 Third District Prison Fourth District Prison. 7...STREET.wagon in question,'with these great big letters on it, is driven up daily, and in some cases hourly, before the door of every urcortnnaie debtor against whom tbe collector has a claim.' Of ronroe •he ••fleet of tbis fs about equivalent to telling thejuHshhors that tbe°Se-and-So's are obliged to be dunued byAlniH-Houne ;...' PenitentiaryIsland Hospital, Pm Work-373 17 20 1 301 -Colored Orphan Asylum..: 180last week. Oxen out on the public roads died byhundreds. I have seen as many as forty sheep dead inone pen, all of which died in a single nigrht. In sev of the score, and immediately gave an alarm. Thethe eame. The Committee on Rules and Regulations nre Srairr are now used every yew in the United State* fot Children Teething, with never-failing succesa. Belief la imme-were suthorized to make such transfers and detailments diate and certain. Only 25 cents a bottle. for permanent duty as they might deem expedient forThe uefenoants offered no testimony. Mr. Henry H. Ander- son, tbe Abhb-tant Corporation Counsel, who conuueted the cause on the part of tbe city, stated to tue Jury that this case was one of many prosecuteu against the city, iu which the city/ officers have no means of information as to "the/acts except mica•4n\-: W1eral places pork hogs; in line fat order, nave frozen, and especiaJly when m floored pens. Some few horses have been found frozen, and the chickens generally are ><bedding their toes.val of the Board at its next meeting. Mayor Wood,"WelearnfromTheHoustoning the late cold weather, there were from fifty to sixty persons frozen to death in Texas, at least forty of whom were under the influence of liquor when frozen. There were also many .thousands of hogs, cattle, and' sheep frozen to death in that State. In that region the people are so unaccustomed to the cold that what would not he considered much here is terribly severehere."•I.• • ...i•MONTY " TIGHT" AT WASHINGTON.;—A correspond-ent of one of the Western papers says: " WashingtonCitv is at a dead lock necuniarily. I am told that nomerchant can fret $600 from bank here, for the verysimple reason that the banks haven't .got any money.The hanVs have invested all their money in P.)Rt-Officedrafts, and theTe i« no appropriation until there is aSpeaker. But that money is scarce here is undeniablytrue. Everybody who wants it has more than theusual difficulty in getting it. It is said that Gloabren on furniture and stock in the City Iusuraace Co.ner, the Sergeant-at-Arms, has advanced members thesum of $SO,000, expecting to be repaid when theNo.- 241 occupied by A. Burnton as a book and sta-t:onf-ry store and dwelling. Damage between $300 3-ttorv brick b^uae and lot, No. 167 W . 19th-«t., lot 15xJ-Norwood,&, Co., and are damaged to the amount of vHouiw'uud lot, No. 150 Baxter-Ht§500 ea«h. Insured in the Lortllard Insurance Co. L*u«ehuld premL*e«, Nod. 232, 232.V, and 234 Greenwich- No. 243 occupied by Mis. Love as a corset store andyears connected with THK TRIBC.VE as its Cif-y Editor, 80 ye»«r» of age, residing near Auburn, the county Heat stock in the Jefferson and $1,500 on furniture in the hastak'nan Editorial phure on The Nrw-York Di$- of DeKalb County, Ind., heat her husband, who was Fulton Insurance Co.ton to claim the seat of the Hon. Daniel E Sickles. ' mon case-knife and sharpened it on the stove-pipe in $350.—We have already 6t*ted that Mrs. Macready, the her cell, with tbe intention, she said, of cutting her Nos. 243 and 245 are occupied by Thomas Love, an<throat; but fearing the knife was not sharp enough for are insured for $1,500 in the City, and $500 in the Ful- aotreee, was so mnch frightened by the attempt of a the operation, cut" or sawed a hole through into the ton Insurance Companies.burglar to break into her apartment at Watrrbury, caviiv of the abdomen—tore out a portion of the caul. No. 247, occupied bv John E. Landon, as a jewelryNo. 3 Dominick-.it., 50x75.. 1KB OI"....Telegraphthat,dur-H« old aa herself, with an ax and club till he died. No. 245, occupied as a millinery store and dwelling, stock, in theliver their procots to either of these classes of officers, since both Charles rinwh, for labor aud services as Inspector in the regar THE WAYMAIU«J OF LIFE.—The Rev, R. H. Chapin may execute it. it is true that the effect of the nxerciso of this ia»5:ig, &c. Kiftv-nrst street. Referred to Charles E. Jenkbas,ujHxtcky one of our best weekly newspapers. Mr. Wil-liamson, the proprietor and editor, will go to Washing- jail, and on the following Sunday she procured a com- People's. No insurance on furniture. Loss, aboutdoor from the<entry, and had pushed bajk the bolt well. The reason she assigned for the act was that fancy store and dwelling. Loss $500; insured forwithin the sixteenth of an inch, when the screams and she wantedto go where her old man was- No surgical $1,000 in the Brooklyn Insurance Co. Kroom *o that he could see who was inside, and had procured a key fitting her lock.W* understand from gpod authority that tbe Berdda Boajaerten until after the great battle, a resolution much to be oom- aseodrd; but whether he will be tempted to have just a peep a*Champlain,andGuyW.Clark,Sec.2do. E.W.Black Bivejr CanaL In Board of Canal Commission originated in the basement, among some Btraw used for sented by a young brother of the accused; and theLeadea life beforehand remains v> be pro/red.oher brfMlant talents, and peessated hex with a splendid bracelet M a *%a of ai« sdmtrtOea."•^cesefnl evasion. He leased the household commodity ing. for a period of ninety-nine years !| i <wl iw,......r.—•-.»*"..^>.'^ .»^*.'<.«.'*'w**''"' "'* *" "• 'irn mini ffi a B ."cape, valued at |30%The complainant alleges that''' ."AMBMBUUIhol 16M. *66. PartlL-Nos. eat, Vk% He, « , **, «Wi » • * V mt%mi m, Ma, **,»,».Colored LVwur and Colored Orjttian Asylum—Messrs.Dugro,OHVCT, and 1 o<*npend. • Ccn/crenc'—MefcsTn. Oliver, Lynch, aad Smith. Frrritt— Mecfrs. Lyach. Smith, and Du^tro..York. Trepe pictures were to have been removed to Inland and Smallpox Hotpital*—Me8»rs. Onnther, Lynch, and pears to be no good reaeon why The office shou'd not t>eW. T. i>kney.Boston for exhibition, but they have attracted*so much Lunotrl Atyltim—Messrs. W. T. Piukney, BreueninghauBen, ttado aealaried one. and the collection put under theeachcar,andcontiuetodisregardit Suitswerecom- The Grand 'Jury of HWJKOU County yostefds|r menced by the city to compel them to take out licenses, ; returned niweteen indiptmet-ta. .among wr.lch are aeVeralHtthhtion that the artist has concluded to keep them a short time longer.—The fir?t Artist's Reception at the Studio- Building in Tenth street, for the season, will take place on Thursday night, the 19th. The Committee are Messrs.Bays, Suydam, and Gifford.—Mr. Barry, from Boston, whose crayon heads havega>ned him so much distinction, has taken a room iaand Malnm^y.Out-Loor Poor—Ddesew. BreueTiini;hau»en, Maloney, and Gun-tber.Penitentiary—Messrs. Dugro, Townsend, andW . T. Plnkney. ZnudaU'i Uland—MeMTfi. Oliver, Dugro. and W. T. Plnkney. Salariet—Messrs. T<-wa*end, Smith, and Brufnixighausen. Stores—Messrw. Smith, Lvucb, and Oliver.control of tbe Finance Department, where it properly belongs.The following statement shows the amount of feesmade by the Collector anl his deputies during the year.Tbis money came out of the pockets of property ownersbut no decision has, as yetJ been arrived at.•L m RErTJBLtcANs.—vie Twenty-first Ward Re-publican Association, in the Cooatiration which theyhave just adopted, have an'article which provides thatmeetings uball be held every Monday evening, and as;*«! burjtl&rv andrane.LA W:WmLLIGJEmX.1Work'Jiuvm—Veesrs Townnend, Oliver, and Mjptmoy.Supplie*—Messrs. Maloney, \V. T. Pinknoy, aud bruening- aeteesedforimprovements:mm' S'COURT OF GENERAL 8ES810^S.--JAN. 17,—Befoce .*>*«•B.CWKIXThe eai«e of Henry Karpie*,. which was commence*h&uten Finance—MesaTs.Lynch,Oliver,andGrmther.A commmiieation was received from Warden Sutton, ©f the City Prison, appointing John Kellock and Nich-January to April. May........JuneJuly$7,467 62 September... 3-32005October 3.599 79 November... .\«)37 10 December ...10.6G4 8214.305 09 2,18043 2,208 t»386 8 Jmn<ihoftenerastheAssociationslialldirect. TheRe- onMonday,wasre»um-dto-d»y. Theeourv-oomWMcrowded. and considerable interest wa»m»uife>ted in the case. The oocuaeA was accompbuh-d into Cout by his wife, a ye«ngwomaa, apesv-Clinton Hall, where he is busily at work. Among his olas Maher, deputy keepers, in the place of Edwin August......Total;....'.T$50,47(l 3hi* studio an exceedingly fine head of Whittier, the of the Aluas-House Committee, stating that he had Deputies as folio «vs: .:TKef, which is remarkable for its vigorous drawing and tranrfeirtd tome 600 inmates of that inatitution to theD. E. Delevim Collector to June.SOCIETY.—Onhigh finish—two qualitieswhich are BoValways found W. rk-Boube, but .he Warden of the Work-House re- J. Trotter, Collector from June.. ST.iu-tles-»mework. •fusedtoreceivethem. Mr.SMITH statedthat hehad .'.W.Chambers,DeputyCollectorfortheyear..11653 24ta^en this step on account of the crowded staf-e of the G. Coben, Deputy Collector for the year-... D. Kissiier, Deputy Collector for the y«»ar... <.LritKARYered in the Cooper Institute by .Prof. Silliman, jr., be- tice. The Judge also charged the Jury that they were xwt te—Am* ng tbe artists now in New-York is Ball, the Alme-House. The subject wa» refen-ed to the Com- WiLon Small,' Deputy Collector from August.stances of e»ch case. Confessions be said were tbe OWMCscnljiJor, iT»>m Boston, whose fall-lea«th statue of mittees of those two institutions, toarrauge the mat-ter between themselves.W*-b(jteT the members of the New-England Society are A bill was presented for $644 for' bricks used in•nakins ste]'8lo have cast in bronze, to be placed in bnilding the Island Hospital, certified as correct by Uni«>n Square. Mr. Ball is engaged on a colossal Mr. Walmslev, the Warden of Randall's Island.V *Deduct expenses from above:1 Bookkeeper.....• 1 A*iri»tnm Bookkeeper, $3 perday....3 Notice C,lerks, $ (0 per month each...consider the flight of the accused as an evid-aea of guilt, as fsur fore tbe New-York City Library Association. Tbe generally affects the mixLds of men under oifEc-dtie* Upo* tkeNumber remaining Jon. 11 J W U , • * m • e • e » • • • » • e e m *e . . * • • « * • * • > * • * * • < * Discharged.........8,148 'Sent to Penitentiary Sent to State Prinon.s'..1246- •1,188BeQevue Hospitalsteers, for tjbe retail market, were plenty at 8 cents.The drovers generally, and some of the cattle brokers,think that the market this week, if the second dayproves like the .first, will wind up about the worst ofthis.Winter. Although the prices may appear thesame by the pound, they say that buyers estimate theweights so lo w that the net results will be a good dealSTEALING PENNIES.—Wm. Jones was arrested onMonday night, charged with h^viDg stolen $2(1 in pennies from the wagon of Valentine Schwarlspnr of No. 74 ilarket street. The accused was held for examination.[Advertisement,]EDWARD H. DIXON, M. D., Elitor of The Scal- pel, attends exclusively to operative surgery, and the more ob- scure dih»a*es of tbe pelvic viscera. Rupture, haemorrhoids, fistula, mid concealed abscess of the rectum, are oared without the kniie or ligature. Office hours, from 8 to 9 a. iu , 1 to 3, and 7 to 9 p m., at No. 42 5th &•. At all other aours he is at his pri-DESTRUCTIVEFIRE^Samuel W. Mudgeagt. John M. Clark.—Motion doHHRemaining Jan. 14, I860 Increasewith a trifle higher for a very few of extra quality, ceees of a burglary. while good, fat oxen! sold at 9 cents, and good, fairHoune..Island Hospital.from Alms-275' Colored HomeFIRES.mINfor U>n>;>' -vho require the more important operations, or careful diet»j-.:ct. .'atment.for defendant.•^•....-..1,160 Randall's Island Hospital.. 264..9,500 .1,015af;er the «'xumiuation of a great many witness*, and a sevet*»Ly litigated trial, was giveh to the jury yesterday afternoon. T h e jui y brought in a verdict for the plaintiff of if ISO.Geo. It. Thompson for tbe plaintiff; Paddock k. Cannon for tk* deiendaut.SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT—JA». 17.—BeforeJustice SVTSK- KCUMO.THE MCKENZIE CASE. • McKenzie agaiffst Mckenzie.This suit was brought by the husband against Uftwife, to set aside a deed of conveyance made by bimtoheresa the premises. No. 735 Broadway.The plaintiff alleged that his wife indulged him in the habit of drinking spirituous liquors, and that she o-Mained from hisa tke deed of conveyai-oe, wuile he was in an intoxicated »ute.The drf«ndant decied the charge. The esse has been on trial ; the past two or three dujn. and tbe Jury, after remaining out aft nLjjht, were unable to agree upon a verdict. It was understood,that seven were in favor of a verdict for the defendant.John MeKeon for plaintiff; S. J. Ghuay and Mr. Emersess.. 4 3street with a small bag of money in his hand. The officer walked tion from tbe rates current of last week; the highest a ltttle distance with the man. and put a few questions to him,when the fellow suddenly dropped the baj and ran. $Bhe ba^ prices this week being 10cents a pound net for first-class,, was fonud to contain 42^ V7, which hi supposed to be^he pio-8,312 164•flame spread rapidly, and, running up through thewooden partition, soon gained the shingled roof, Messrs. Bowen, Stillman, and Stranahan, voted forwhence it extended to the roofs of the adjoining houses. ».-.'•these measures, and'Mr. Ulshoeffer against them. TheCommitteeonRulesand Regulations—MayorNo. 2'-/9 occupied by U. Duaae as aniillinery. Dam-, Vaiick-Ht., lot 18.L*r87.6age by fire and water about $500. Insured for $1,420 2-ntory briek bouae and lot, No. 398 Canalat., corner of8.900 4,800 3,0503,675 3,4004,7006,100rendered by Judge Emott, being in favor of the Con-stables: *MASONIC B A L L . — O n Thursday evening, the Masonic priming. Mr. Flanggavs a warrant ft.« thU amount which theand $o00 Insured for $3,000 on Btock in the Rutgerspur>e to all applicants. But this is one fact about the tura. This building and 239 are occupied by A. G. Also, by Adrian II. Muller:Soeaker can sign warrants. But the $90,000 havebroken him, and he shows a blank face and an empty and $600 in the Stuy vesaut Insurance Co., on furni2-stoTy brick front house and lot, No. :i0 Downing-st., lotin aid of the fundo of the Masonic Board of Relief." Although the policemen appointed under the ' Act to estab- lish a Metropolitan Police District.' etc (Laws of 1857, voL 1, p. 200). possess all the powers of constables except for the sirvice of civil process, yet these- ofnceia ore not exclusively vested with suchpowers.TheconstablesintheCityofBrooklynstillcon-Jacoo D. C Outwat^r claimed domairesfor overflow by de- fective wwrr in Enst Sixteenth i»tre«t- Referred to Charles A- May, who gave jud^nient tor plaintifl' in tho sum af $5,0ut> SL iV» m. Jvjce, lor injuries sustained by reason of the retusai «€\ tbo then City In-pectur to award him contract for tiuiag sunltess lots, Joyce claiming to be tbe lowest bidder. Referred to Chaa. A. May" v«ho gavejudgment lorplaintifl'torthe sum ofa}2,237 lOJotnReily,torservic*»incieaniu^str^-vnofTwenty-secondtiybtneps of money which may be remarked as a sign of the times."eljped with her former admirer, the parson.—Mr.FranklinJ.Ottanvm,whohasbeenforseveral.MURDERANUSEXK-MUTILATIOS.—Anoldwoman,dwelling.Lossabout$500.Insuredfor$1,450on LeaseholdpreuiiaeH,Nos.21,23,-and%Xkdarkest.,aiid2,050 tinue in office and retain th*ir powers in the service of process, Ward retnrred to Charlea A. May, who gave judgmealtorplaba-etc. It 1Hin the discretion of the magistrates to direct and de- tiff for $ f ? 2 fi9.aid was rendered, aa it was thought she would die, but. Noe. 247 and 249 are owned by John Morrison, aud young men.the inflammation has subsided—the stomachic end of are fully insured. The buildings are damaged to the ——-m* the intestine protruding about two inches out of the amount of $500 each. .••.'":..'.A MAN SHOT IN MIST AKE.—A young man named Durham, 7 years old, and has been fattened for the De Witt, barkeeper 'or Philips it Reid. of- East New-York, was shot on Sunday mornina last by Mr. Held, who supposed he past 5 years. He stands 5 feet 9 inches high at the was a burglar. Mr. Keid is the Fostmaster, and his place has -TheHiusoftheari*©CT*tic»lP*«yenaagedinofficehaw EASTERNDIVISION.—Thelawof1857requiresthatwoman,about50yearsofage,namedMaryStock-withers,^girths10feeth\inches,andhispresentown-1 beenenteredseveraltimes.OnSundaymorningheheardthetunes, and calls herself a witch. •'•Insurance Co.No. 253, occupied by Wm. Mitchell, ladies' shoe—A Vienna letter in the Augsburg Gazette saysilesolred on laying their »*lanw» and other emolument* at the feet tbe office of Superintendent of Kepairs be dispensed well, who had been confined to the house for nearly alessen the public burdens, and **»A men of merit who have tract. This mandate of the law has been complied with builtting to a neighbors house, where Bho died in a fewlately beeaobHaed to retire. It fa sa/d that Field- Starshal PrinceWtadWiirmta sofgrsted the idea, snd the three Princes de Llci*:tenateia. Timeom Sehwartoenberg and Lobkowltx, Count* Clam-Gaila-, Wfanpffeo, Ormme, and Reiscbacb, all wealthy noblemen, sioner, a resolution was adopted to dhpense with the Company; damage, $500 each. No conclusion has are named w having agreed to it. And beside*, all the archduke* office of Superintendent of Kepairs on his, the Easte.Ti yet teen arrived at in recard to the origin of the fire, who paissss private property bare, it is said, made the £mperor Division, from the first day of February uexu This but the matter is being investigated by the Fire gfca aanaeocer lot frre years."—Beii'a. Life in. London says:About 11 o'clock ou Tuesday morning a fire occurred inthecrockerystoreofJamesMcKay,Nofe.49and51M maybeexpectedtoarriveinthiscountryduringtheensuingK. G. Savory, Sec. 5, Alanson Welei, Supt, See. 1.-week. His pr<*wot intention la to keep mooseIf qoiet In country Butler was appointed a Resilient Engineer on the Prince Btreet, and caused about $200damage. The firestore; loss, $250.Most of the stock was removed.Aminutes afterward.These buildings are owned by E. &. A- Schahbehar,to the House of Detention to secure his attendance aa YANXKK INGKNUITT.— The Washington State* say second story of Holman's brick blodt in Saleuv The awitneBB.States regarded the elock-peddlmg traffic wxthm herROBBERY.—JohnT.Baldey was arrestedlimits as a crying evil, and exacted a tax so enomousHIGHW A Yyesterday, by Officer Taylor of the Fifteenth Precinct,461, •» ,467,489, S41,463,471,^ J * V ^ M , % f^ W 8MJupon every clock that should be thereafter sold wtftenMIMI* PartXL-Wee.M*.WJ&**>j!J*> *^^*, « ^ C.ovKTlor CostiiowIpwtAa^fw^I^o^^^great improvement on the old accommodations, theMoorland, residing at No. 4 Eighth avenue>, of a fur' 'Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069*m mmtmmwww.fultonhistory.comF E E S I VERSUSSALARiES.-i-TheANNIVERSARYOFTHEGERMANe • " • '. *DISTRICT COURT—JAN. IX—Befere Jus ice BXTT».CRIMINAL CASES.4K»B ITEM&M:$3,164 68.48H 6R 11,65325.. 11,653 Z5 . 3,8.7 37,$50,470 38.$1,500 »3G . 1,440.$3,876the first of June the property v*illbe sold as uauaL....... . . . . .publicansofthisWardmeanwork.CUOTON RECEIPTS.—Since the first ofJanuary, the Mr. Dcyle, Asshitant Di»trict Attornry, for the peopl«.receipta for Croton water rentB have beeu but $5,000, The Judge i s charging the Jury directed th«m to discard tW charge made in tbe kidur1 merit ofeuibexziemeat, and irrfsnrMii A communication was received from the Chairman This amount was divided among the Collector and leaving nearly $UM),000 still due, on which interest at them that tbe oulj question befotetbemwnsos lowbetber orn?»t the rate of filteen per'cent is exacted. If not paid by the accused is guilty of larceny. B e briefly reviewed the evi- dence ot Becker Bros., Mr Lone, Mr. Ee ney. and others, aad directed the Jury to give DOheed to tnecoeieasion m»ie by Kscr- pies at-the mill. Tbe evidence in this respect was te be received with great caution, and the dejpee of credit due te It is to be estimated bj the Jury Under the circuao-Monday evening the German Society held 'heir 76th trade will muster in strong force.UNITEDST A TESC I T TASSOCIA TION.—TwoN E W - T O R Klectures, upon the Chemi^ry of Carbon, will be deliv- dvngerous species of evidence ever introduced ia a Court ef Jus-first isto be given this evening, and the second to-mor- row evening.matter of the confession made by the accrwnd at tb»< time he *a» charged by Mr. Lane with stealing the flour, the Judge afaba made allusion and di/ected twe Jury to give no heed to it.nual dinner of tbis guild takes place this evening atthe St. Nicbola* Hotel, when tbe representatives of thetaken thtteim At 8 o'clock thev had not agreed upon a verdict.port stated that during tbe year 1160 persons had been Kelly who committed htm to arwwer.furnished with employment by the agency, and 33 m move un arjrst of judgment on the ground-of »ny technical de-TEN BUILDINGS PARTIALLY DESTROYED.About; 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning, a lire broke get what they want at lower rates, and those of in- o'clock FOWLKK'S Lecture in Hope Chapel at 8idoout in the two-story and attic building No. 237 Hudson street, occupied as a fancy store and dwelling by Moses H. Lichtenstein, and thence extended to .Noa. 235, 239, 241,243, 245, 247, 249, 251, and 253.Shortly after 11 o'clock officer MoCounell of the Eighth Precinct, while patrolling his beat, tried the door. of Lichtenstein's store, and fonnd it unfastened. Two giris employed in the store, came to the door in company with a young man who hade them good-night and jumped upon a car that was on its way up town. The officer paisded a few words with the girls, and told them to lock their door.Tbey said that Lichtenstein, his wife, and one of the other yirls employed in the store were at a ball. Upon passing the place again, the officer tried the door, which he found fatt, and saw that all was dark inside. The third time he saw .a small lire burning in the back partferior grades can get them at almost their own offers.the subject of P< of.Private Examination*, with Charts, daily, at 348 Broadway.[Advertisement.]CAUTIOUSNESS IS SOMETIMES A GREA T HTND- —A Special Meeting of the Board of Police Commis- XA.NCK TO SCCCEUIJ; its deficiency ia often ruinous. A Phreno-SPECIAL MEETING OP THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.sioners, called on Monday at the request of the M*yor,wasbeldj Mayor Wood, President Still man, Messrs.Bowen, Stranahan, and Ulshoeffer, being present, andlogical Examination at FowutHfe WKLLS'S, 308 Broadway, will show the excesses, weak points, talents, and right pursuit.» i [Advertisement.]3<-»jmy have passed upon the ca»«, on the merits, could in effect ACCTDKNTS AND INQUKSTS.—Mary Ryan died on lect, that defect consisting ooerely in the fairt that at th« timefamilies provided with j assistance. The physicians of Sunday ninht from injuries received in congequence of falling whenthej were oelibeniting tb«>ri- wm« then no IHstnct-Attomeyj the Society gave 5,492 prescriptions; and, at the Ger- down a flight of utairu at No. 232 East Seventeenth street. An in- the officer who bad tilled that-office having recently deputedMr. W. T. PINKNEV oifered a resolution that noceeded. as parsed by the Board at a regular meeting, and accidental death rendered Mary Ann Murphy was scalded to the mere wai.t of bis signature 1this life. He considered the objection a we-»k ohe, for if tke) that the Bccne in the Senate to-day was never ex- bills he paid except: those for the regular requisitions, man Dispensary, No. 132 Canal sxreet, 6,270 patients quext wuf held on tbe body by Coroner Jackman, and a verdict of District-Attorney weie indicted, should it &ul of effect through,* S=nce writing the above I have learned that the were treated during theiyear. The expenses of tnis in- death on Monday lint, at the residence of her parents, in Twen- Jud«e Betts s»idthe law was unsettled iu regard to this matter; canw of the difficulty irrew t-utof a charge brought by signed by the Finance and Supply Committee, stitution, amounting to $1,853 58, were supplie$by vo- ty-first street, by upsetting a kettle of boiling water over her per- but as tbe lud<ct'nents were received bv Judge Ingersoll, hathe Republican** that Mr. Faulkner was in favor of dis-A<i<-ptert.The Finance Committee offered a resolution thatluntary contributions and donations, independent ofthe Society. At the New-Tork Dispensary, No. 69son. . The child was but 15 mouths old.RECEIVING STOLEN GOODS.—James Coatigan of No.126 Twenty-seventh street was held yesterday by Justice K^lly to answer a charge of receiving stolen goods, preferred a^sdustwould I*"-, the argument be heard before him, aud ia the Baeast time would defer the sentence of the pri^onors..mMARINE COURT—JAW 17.—Befotv Hon. A K. MATXAJU>,Judge, and a Jury PAPKR MILL SUIT.fiend'| •Ofiicer McDermott <Sf the Sixth Precinct saw a man in WhiteBRUT AL ASSAULT.—Alexander N. Elliotta, aOTJR SOCIAL RELATIONS—-MARRIAGE.—^This isnied, with $10 costs, to abide event.i\ H. Bartholomew agt. Richard A. Cozzins.- -M*ytion granted.COURT OF COMMON PLEAS—TRIAL TEKX—JAS. ITv— Before Judae HILTOS.HKAVT- VKKDICT A0.AINST THE CITT.WilUam VV'aliace agt. The Mayor, tec, of New-York.This was an action for damages for injuries receivedby plaintiff, through falling into a hole in the kidewslk-et tkw corner of Eleventh avenue and Thirty-second street. The plain- tiff' stated that on his way home, the night bebag dark, be fottTHE RED RANGER.—Here is a chance to witness into the hole in question. He had no previous knowledge chatMessrs. Bailey and Powell were absent. The business this, excellent drama—the best the age has produced! lc is to be u was there. It was a large hole, some t«n feet by seven, aadwas transacted in secret session. It was resolved to repeated this afternoon and evening at BARKCX'8 MusatTM, and five, feet deep, and unprotected, h. toon in the sidewalk aadtake from Superintendent Pillsbury the power of mak-ing detailmerits and transfers of officers and membersalways attracts great crowds. [Advertisement.]•urb and gutter-stone. Witness was mnch injured Two poUoe men got him out ot the hoi© aad helped him h jme. Hesick some time at borne aud at the huvpitaL His knee-pan broken, also several of bis ribs, and bis left shoulder; and hisof the Police force; by repealing the rule granting him M3Kons ef Bottles of Mrs. W I N S L O W ' S S O O T H - neck and bead injuied. < ,the greater efficiency of the fprce, subject to the appro-BROOKLYN ITEMS. as they can derive from the testimony put rfby the plaintiffs. Be ccntendtU that the plaintiff', upon his own evidence, had not made out a case on which he was entitled to recover, especially because he did not iippear to have beeu hjnself free from negli-The Draytons will perform " Never Despair," and gence. On the contrary, it appeared L om ail the circumstances, " Love's Labor Lost"—two of their entertaining Par- as 0>irjutely detailed by plaintiff, that he was negligent. H« might have known, if he did not know, thu etate of tbe side- lorOperas—thisevening,atWashington Hall,Will- walk,efpt-ewflyasitapp+aredhefrequently,ifnotusually,Thefiremenwereearlyontheground,andworkedwith a will, but despite their exertions, the roofs and Wood, Messrs.. Bowen, Stillman, and Ulahoefter, re- iam8burgh. Senor Oliveira will appear between the passed the spot in going to and from wura.attic of tbe buildings above enumerated, were de-stroyed. The building in which the lire originated, is ported the following transfers, which were adopted:Serceant Potter, Seventeenth "Ward; and Patrolmen M. almost entiiely destroyed, and the two young girls O'Brien, First Ward: Jomea Metcalf, Third Ward; w m CUrk, who slept therein, narrowly escaped being suffocated. Nineteenth Ward; Richard Gambling, Eighteenth Ward; 'JC.The losses ana insurances are as follows: No. 235, McParlan, Twenty-first Ward; J. McLeod, Sixth Ward; B. B. months since Jur'ge Culver of the City Court, refased Mr. Brysn for the plaintiff: Mr. Anderson for defendants. occupied as dwelling and crockery store by Gerard RoH«nburgh, Twenty-first Ward; J. H. Blunt, Firat Ward; IMPORTANT TO TAX-PAY/JEKS MOTION TO SKT ASIBOC Matthew, whose loss is about §600. "Insured for $1,44)0 Patrick Holden, Eighteenth Ward, and J. Cronk, Tenth Ward. to admit the hil s of Constables for serving criminal ILLEGAL Jt'BOMKNTS AMOUNTING TO $13,006 57.And the Board adjourned. procesper, on the ground that it was one of the duties A few day* nince William Curtiw NoyeW obtained anin the Importers' and Traders' Insurance Company. No. 237, occupied by Moses H. Lichtenstein as a fancy dry goods store and dwelling. Insured for aboutorder, returnable this day, directing nine persons holding judg- of the police, and by permitting the Constables to per- ments ngninst the'city to show cause why the some should not SALES OF REAL ESTATE.—The following sales were form that duty the county would be unjustly taxed. be vacated uud the city allowed to come iu and defend. The §2,500 in the Pacific Insurance Company—stock and made yesterday at the Merchants' Exchange, by A. J. Controller proceed* by virtue of tbe J>th section of the aotef The case was appealed to the Supreme Court, on the IbOy, which givcK him the power to w;«k a legal remedy ia a S suit of Edward O'Reilly aguinut Era«tus t>. Culver, esses where, in his opinion, judgment has been obtained against tbe cvtj by colln*ion Or fiaud. The «ir»t case acted upon by tho $23,550 City Judgo, and recently the following decision was Controller, it will be remembered, was the Wall-street Ferryfurniture total low. Both of these buildmcrs, Nos. 235and 237 are owned by the estate of Tunis Van Winkle,and are insured for $1>(>00 in the People's Insurance Laurena-fct., lot 21.5 and 21.7x76.7 and 80.1Company. Damatje about $1,200. 3-story bric» house and lot, No. 144 Frankliu-at., nearLa>£ht->it., lot 18.6x24 aud 303-story brick hou»« aud let, No. 165 VV. 19th St., lot 15xiBleocker, Son & Co.:3-utory brick building and lot,, No. 383 Conal-st., neardiscretion, one way or tbe other, is either to employ an officerThi* was six weeks ago to day. She was lodged in by H. O'Neil. .Insured for $1,500 on ofew* ?n t).« commenced on Sunday morning, at his church, in who receives a stated salary, or one who will make a charge' •wh-> gavt- juc ament for pLuutiff for $558 19.andBroudway, a course of eight sermons on the ''"Way- upon the City Tresu-ury for the services be is called upon to per- John W , Hunt, for salary due him for serving corporation no- tices. Referred to Charles E. Jenkins, who gave judgment rosrmarks of Life." The firso discourse treated of " Child- form. But tho magistrates *re responsible for th« course they pkintiff for $557 03. „ , . „ , .. and then seized the large intentine^—divided that and store and dwelling. Insured for $1,000 on stock, andcut off* a piece about five inches long, throwing the §300 on furniture, in the North River-Insurance Com that the blood and vigor that was intended to strength- COUNTERFEITS—-Tho Police of the Eastern District Geoine Martin, #ervices a* Inspector. Judgment for $ 1M 79.Conn,, that she has been compelled to abandon her "Beadrntis" for the present. I t seems it vcas aboutpiece it to the stove, but it was secured before it was pany.11o'clock at night when some scoundrel firtt tried a burnt too much for identification. She is now getting No. 249, occupied by J. Hellman. millinery anden the hands and body should be forced into the bead were jesterday noticed that counterfeit *8 bills ou the Oneida Oliver Vslentine, assignee of Martin, some services. Judg- untilit became a disproportionate intellectual wen on County Bank, N. V".,were being psssed in the city. The store- ment $12J»79. , .keepeis were notified and measures taken,to capture the parties H. F. Giimore. services as Inspector. Judgment for plaintiffthe crild. The next, discourse will be addressed to engaged in pi*siin« them, but they eluded the vigilance of the $177 07. ' .Fence. Counterfeit tfci hills on the Clinton Bank, N. J., and $3's on the Oneida County Bonk of Utica, N. Y., were put in circulation yesterday in the Western District. A youn* man named Henry Blackweil was arrested for attempting to pass •» !A MONSTER.—William Lalor, a butcher in Center bill on the former bank. H e was committed to answer by Jus-Samuel Nusam, assignee of Giimore, same aarvioea. J«dr- meutfor $127 07.The £berift has levied upon the personal property of the City for all theae judgments-, but on motionof Mr. tfoye*, a temporary ' injunciivn ha» beeu obtained, restraiuiug sl.l proceedings ia tb*» matter until after the argument on the merits, which was set down f*>r T uesday next. ?• »..COURT OF SPECIAL. SESSIONS—JAJC. n.-Before Justles* I # OaBOKH, BRESSAK, and STXIUU.Lou'ga Curran, Larceny; Penitentiary three mouth*James Daly,' Urcery; Penitentiary three mantha. Bridget Flynn,larceny;Penitentiarythreemonths.JamesGrlnneR, larcwny;' P«"tiaeutiarv three metttba, Wm. Jackson,- laroeuy s Penitentiary four mouths. Wm. Moron, larceny; Peuiteetiajry two morths. Mary Smith, larceny: Penitentiary three months. Caroline Schlock, larceny; Penitentiary one month. John Wil- liams, larceny; Penitentiary six months. Wm. Peterson, lsvr- i cenv; r'eniteniiary six months. Margaret Donahue, larcesiytPenitentiary thr^e months. John Hauoook, Urcenr; Peattesk- ' iary three months. Patriok Coyne, assault aad battery; Pead- enriary three months. W m . Kennedy, assault and battery $.Pemtwntiarjr four months. John Hamilton, disorderly house i Penitentiary three montha. Patriok Burke, larceny-, Ctty Prison thirty days. Soreh Paulsen. larceny I City Ptdsoa tern days. Jades Flunerly. assault and battery; fined £10. Sev- eral other oases were tried and dispos*d of. either by remsudlrsg the prisoners for sentence, or discharging them sJXugsib.seCOURT CALENDAR—T«» DAT.SuriucxK 0^o»T.-43ircuit.--Part L—No*^79v 4GK4«7, 480. 471, 47?, 475, 477, 478, 48S, 4S5, 487, 481. «•*, « L »«. **•400, ettt. 4*4, 406. 4W, AiX 414.41& «tt, ^ ^ - S S J f f - y o * SorKxavaCoujtT.--8pec«a Tenn.~-HosvWW1^ice, no, U7-. ns, 9, iia, rmrnxra*, m. J*V«. *> V*^ • * ."* ^woiuo* C<w*x^trt^r^^-rr^K!"'"' V''»»« 'ii.iUtBn <W.i/»*sswi»iiiHnii»m)Ma<ijnrf»wwji'iiSBiju.wJ.ijKnfnmiiIIm im i ,i I^N|-ri^rn—r i—r —T~II1 ti 11»-fi~'-' •numm ni'miiiriiri';!!iUiimMfmn<>*mnmM).Vi.M>i»iwi"»operas, and execute some favorite pieces or^ his violin.FEES OF CONSTABLES IN CRIMINAL CASES.—Some a*ide. |l«-a»e matter, recenriy decided Oy J udjre lugraham.'ihe following i» the atalemeut of the judgments now sought te>be vacated:Fraternity of WflliamBbui-gb give a ball at the Odeon, City Treasurer refused to pay. Judjpacat inthia cose was ea- tered by cefault. • •* ,' . . ' • •purme in the matter oiilv to tbe people, and the City Judge cuu-not control thrir discretion.by refusing to tax or certify the bills The foliowing a-o what are known as the Split Claims, tho /hood," and contained a protest against the system ofschooling young children and prematurely cramming of tbe officers whom they employ. In the present case, thu plhu adopted having been that the original holder of the cbdna /Judge incorrect y refused to tax the relator's bill, and there mustthem with book-learning. He said that it was atrocious be judgment agaiuat him for a peremptory mandamus." »V0»AND LARCENY.—jan.es 'A. Buckart, employed cm.rentlynotover Vflyears ofage. Aboutthree,hoars *nds?half were occupied hy counsel in sammlug up the case. Messrs. Raft and Bionkman aodressii.g the Jury on behalf of the prisoner, aoATke Jurj rendered a verdict for the plaintiff for $5,000.This in the second trial of the cause. Ou the former trial, the Jury gave the pla'utiff' a verdict of $5t'0. From that verdict, the case was appealed to the GeraVol Term, where it was setObtained in Court qf Commmt Plea*.Charles tV. Huker, judgment for $*,0Q7 32, for binding andJudgment* in Marin* Court, Split CUtMt.i  