 AFFAIRS IN EUROPE[ value ol the commodity consumed ia furope, whichfrvrmanyyearshasdrawnenormous trannfies from tue Bast and other qnwjnri m theOVSafisM-spt. M,W0! S ^ ^ . w - »!<*••. r^r«*»-n« aWe •*•Jrtiw^ilCwp-rte Bed Stir:Uniform « fir Ac Bad* l ^ f l M . ate, etcetnee it is now fully apparent that they are has accepted the office of Envoy to the British govern- writing to youEnaeath, a&aka, Tetskl a Z i *f^erTthisg bete te Jest now taI, Bet a emvtetten mat seed,ftff '.hem given •ferity of baoyaacy theogbe which -'—'-»* ntenes nan torgs* Keg • I*00!" * n wiu*t •*e-rtttre *ilM'Q<a half i of tecannunasication kept opan Maria aad Sae Aogerfo; b Ibe f«j H ~ r-etraiaed en*/by * • « * « « » • * • * G*** M « pouncing «B -*» capital end wreek'.ag, VIMrraJtroed to Caaerta, only four mltea,7a, iSptoa; aad Saa Aagelo wiU Caeefr back the ^rieato, ao mush mora iateterabte were the more skill, and sink enormous amounts of capital Fuad Pacha has rated tbe Indemnity to he paid to the mencemeut of n aeries, and ttr 1 -l-l,1-, •ad p'.ltege, I M T « » » * P** * 5 *which greeted GsrtbeMi's Ursa•beiisualfreBpoJitenwny.invtvaB. tnt€»f attwaa to l » 3 , 933 Ki aiutt. of whom 17t$,5*» were in the provinoe of Anoooa, ll«,«Sl to that of rermo, 843,104 tn Uacerata, 367,751 to Peaaro and Urntoo, and the rest inremains of Carthage, nan returned to lasuits of bis toll, which are of great aattqaarian and his- torical Interest, wlU be Immt diately pobliabed Mr pwria bas made arrangements with Mr. eWttty for hit work,joaqaerora forced upon them.$90 454 611 6.180,767 115,240storef e e ,aad__«M either,totaketae eeently,governedmoremiqulmuaty anoVatrociouslythan toanalmostunlimitedextent;but,before shecan 250OOOf.forthe expensesefhis establishment, oncon-i who ao tocitotsaslf oaltadI'bab? eteeetlon aad gratitude to thetr deliverer,able to costume their trlemphe over the f*»tbo oolj relics of da former grandeur ao«t re-t are the rulne of aa amphitheatre, aappoted to be•t aad large* t ia the world. Ita moet rceeot claim Ascolt and Oamertoo Thecttadelof Ancona is •itnated, come a mere drug, in a comparative sense. Be-matae. —If uartbaldl and hla barole foUowera hai not come nere i .^^j,* 4^,,, d o w n w H b p^pe i„ gcoree and hondrais.L.,„ , , . ,teoops here. P> a very strong fortress, at in Archbishop of Hdifficult to prevent the'Hmagarias liberals f» oferudition,whoheldthe actualdesiretocheckcommercialenterprise, TheOpinion*ofTurteaiincenaent^*^*^? beforehehaagiventhesignalattt^.-----lHade of the KeapollUaa muat hare diahearteacd tbcm, ptta to carry o i tbe wounded, whom they saw tbe Koa made. The fortress cannot contain a oumerous garrison,......•••.•A Rev. John Marshall (according to a Scotch paper)and it la really aatoalahief to aea their patience aad ft* , of them are peer ia every aaaaa of the having hardlymora than their aaaakawandtheaentaaa bayoneittD'- alterwads-tbe King uavini; ordere I that no quarters snould be Riven. Had the enemy como out with tbntr cavalry, the whole uivision would have been cut off, an not theel'ghteet order or disiiptloebut tbe magazines are large enoogh to hold stores tor a long siege.Tate Coauauercw of America—ll*r JlanafacNorth Americas Possessions British West lndi*aBrUi»b Honduias!4 244 944 1,907,738 412 316 829687 1,061.64766 254 12,140 783 42,2186,622,473 6,567,698 462,696 884,501 443,527 3,205 6901,278 70D 3.060formed him that Lord Brougham ems tha aether of the famoos article la tbe Edtnbnrg AVriew aa Syren's ''Ifaurt of idleness," as be saw tbe mannnortpt la tan priatingclothesontheirbacka—tbeyrequireverylittle,andarea remained after the first discharge of ^rape.turn aaaaa Trade tit Stife, Cotcoa aad BritishGuiana... British Aftrisa....this new apostle of liberty addressed ironical thanks andpraises tovihe saint, and called him a gaiantuimo. A fewpersons afflRanded and laughed, but the great majorityexpressed dissatisfaction, and accused tbe preacherof officetoEdinburgwheretheJfeetewwaasetop. Impiety.Tbe pant week Oaribtldi baa beja activelyejMjsnsji ia making a fortiftation at Si. Anjjeto,which was finished yesterday, monntiog the last of ei^Qtof Mm mas Hla gun*, with watch H ie hia tntenttoa verysoon to bombard the enemy's position In Capua. Jadeed, wvolddoaowithouthcettatioa.AaMto,themoatadmt-ttIstbegeneralopinionthatoperationshadcommencedhighdatiesuponvariousarticlesimportedtroutrahte order prdvatt; at aa time before hara Btc ana pro party been a* perfectly eafe in Kapleaaaala^ailiaKhaf Brpuo.ber, l v » . The red ahlrta which you tae at ereryBUist give an anaaaranoeef gepatr and hla to the etreeta day nw carriage, with tour norsee, waa aeen drtvtag oat tariff laws, and that, consequently, capital, which strictions. For years the great republic haswhich would be equally eetouhtotog aad uapleaaaatt> near the port, and tw > shells were thrown at tbe party might be profitably and usefully employed in tb*Hurst & Blanket announce far apeiaranea, ia October. "The Valley of a Hundred Fires," by the aath-w of "Mar- garet and Her Bridesmaids;"' "A B-»ok Abont Dietors." by Mrs. J. C. Jeaffreeen; "A Grains ia the Pacific," from tbe log of a naval officer, edited by Captain Aylater; andtata little la aacoried wltst the greataat ralactaaoa, lhayl'libacce Cwaasdared—StattuSle*, &c. [From the Lmdon Shipping Gazette of Sept 17 jAustraliaBritish East Indies Ionian States....mejuMbeaaapiy jnatmad, «ader aucn ctewawtancea, to •aaklag It by awne, and any other man than GaribaldiThe bill lately introduced into the House of Re- presentatives at Washington, seeking to impostGaribaldi has Issue 1 one decree which cannot Tall to stir tbe bile ot Anatria, for it refers to the Hungarian volunteers. Depots are opene 1 at Naples and Messina foralanaelf a large a h a r e of th e honor of freeing Italy for, with the exception af an aesaalana1 French pistol, tbey are ualTcraaUy hto, from either hit ssartford or London aatobllahment.twodree—tofrontandrear. j completelyshutoutotherthanforeignsilksinthe Garibaldi labors under difficulties which wou'd catfte whole of the markets in the States. Let us seesult, in more than one point of view, may be disastrous.Misesllavaaeonui Foreign Items. Garibalii has bad alt the old police agents of the King of Naples arm to tbe islands of Tremiti, aad will keepquered Corsica, Theodore sought refuge in England, and Dr. Garibaldi established himself at Nice as a physician, and lived there to an advaiced ege. He was the grand- fathj r of tbe Italian hero.Oftheprovinr.eswhichremaintothePope, Romeand Comareabave 326.604 inhabitants: Civita Veochia, 20, 101; Velletri, 62.013, and Froslnooe, 163,569: a total or 660,867 inhabitants The Pledmontese have deprived himAn elaborate work, deawlpUve of Mm Mormons aad their territory, the result of personal experience, from the pen of M. Jules Remy, has iust made Us appearance in Paris.M. Deatu, Paris, hat brought oat n volume by Jutes Gerard, the " lion killer," called •« Exploratioe de 3s- hBwaa>"The French plays directed by M Tatexy are, tt tt said. to be given during the winter in the Opera concert roesa at her Majesty's theatre.last night or would beein this morning from the fact thatall the public backs were seized last night and ordered toCaatrte lor conveyance of the wounded. Too flUng marecently been known to be in Capua. Day before »eater is not given to native manufactures by the presentUnited States is to continue to prosper, let Americaat once throw aside all impressions in favor of re- claimed Garibaldi as tbeir couutryman. Tbe Germans tor, tt contradicted by Mr. Sals btmaelf.moat men to give up ia despair H<a army is the m>*theterogenous and disorderly mixture Imaginable—ltacipline is unknowii—and the men obey or not, who and whentbey pieaee With tbe exception of hla three to four thou-sand riedmontere, and about three hundred Hungariansaad a tow Bnglithmen, hla o;il -.ara know notbmg of mt't-under Pledmeatese offieera. Of these, the Gaatia Xaawe, tary science. Re baa absolutely no artillery uffioor*— few years, in order that no misapprehensions mayGeneral Turr dotog every ihlng. He has nominally two exist on a subject which, unquestionably, has moat aa hnmenae and very ancient structure, and the Osatle or three regianeaie of cavalry, but without horses. Oreat significant bearings. In confirmation of the pro- dalOro are on elthi r aide of tbe royal patoea, at the wa- expectatlooe are made on the eight hundred English vol gress of silk manufactures, we may observe, thatThe Natlonaltfuardare now aa a police force and gar- rtooa fbr the three principal Ibrtllaitiena af Hto etty,*how far the arguments here used in favor of higher duties are borne out by facts. Admitting that the manufacture of silk goods in America is but in its infancy, it is necessary that we should noti ;e ito gradunl developement and progress during the lastthetuinore unvil.be shall be able to make further arrangements. Soch a measure waa absolutely neceaaary for of the Marches, Umbria and the province or Viterbo.tory which tt now tbe scene of sharp warfare, aad tbett to diCcult to realize the present annua af affiira. Ac- cause of diplomatic recrimination a"most as sharp, will States, why attempt, by an absurd system of legis- Const Than and tbe Princ * of Robah, bare been paruaatnaieil to meet patroto and guards at every corner, not be without interest to our readers — lation to deprive tbe foreign producers of the bene- chaatd by the Duke of Tuscany.tiuopa of cavalry and soldiers searching through the The region wbnrn takes the nam) ot the Marches of tn- fit which ought to result from a steady and contisu The cittucs of Presaborg, tn Hungary, have petitioned"NEW. TOiX HERALD, TUESDAY, OOTOBBR 23, 1860.-TRIPLB SHBBT,as to the prohity of Utana gent*rant to keep, the gates ahut and n bright look"Why, sir ," heeiclatmed, "what nee 1 s iclone. NeviriiisftieBB, America cettaialj enjoys afcigh position n8tC9pects ita tobacc* erePt to con- a a t U l H i i "fonMwhtahwttltha import and nwmfactare of Among tbe killed at Perugia was Capt desilkbetraysawantof practical knowledgeof Ww of the well knewnOonntJosephdeOxTdlnal Luoctordl la Biahop uses and apfliances of the tsro comnrodittea. We nlons wert, « Do Pnpe," tt the very qawteesenoe ol. ,L a man of moderate prtaol- canoot, howeveT, charge the Americans with any traineetan tam.sCardinal a certain• underPlanDC,tofftthop iT'tttrdmal antonwoci ta Bishop of aocona. and Car-aaUBruoellt, formerly Nuuato, ts Bishop or Osimi.Wtth the exoeptlm of Drbtoe and Peaaro, to which we have already referred, tbe other l^Tiaaen are governed Slretotce calledPapal delegates During the laat tea years anexeepttoawaamad*Intheeswa^Farmo,walchthebMe*tawridgeofrM«M)Uenclosingthefertile ^taecit/0r Naples,having alltheed-awrtere •«« .ftentions, a large tower or rouad W b'evy batteries, and the whole aur-moat. P.aribaldl baa altogether about , tbe r roster part of whom bare eetf.attoer.dvancepointofthevillageefSt•Ttaealoocbt ue tefatsssnttoaH ridge,endVomtte. to the «•» of Capee. Three anltas totaeef the latter la the tows af St. Maria, here Model. Tbe Papal government, betox dentrooa to restore years she haa> furnished England with supplies ofwasadminrsured by a layman, the Marquis Hfojala produce—so great, indeed, that in some previousthe credit of prclatical rule, entrusted the previa** or food by which a famine in these islands has hap- L'S?*^*^ Permo and that of Ferrara to two laymen, whom « ae pily been prevented. She has, too, ''held her being on the other reeled from anongst the worst ottlieas.and who,wnaa- way" for rears in furnishing the world with cotton\n roade ahoet lva «Hea Tae reomlnder of abomlaaaiona perpetrated by tb* laymen..are to the celebrated palace and berracta at The foUowtog |»ri|cuaarar*lattve to part of Italy, whichIhfttaMariaoocupitatheelteofanoteatOepta, snowtheseatofwar,assybaafoundtotereattogatthaadeaiT to Roeee. tt aae here that aaonibai'e present momenti-Tne pepuinttoo of the Marohea, ac if at any future period the manufactur-«UH ao eaemted with Mapleaaeree ae to ba cording to an oftVtel return or tbe Pontifical government, ing trade of Europe should be, ao to speak,jeopardised by high duties upon importations and the want of remunerative prices in the.States, in- tercourse must fall off, and raw produce here be-notice la from «*te fact of iti having been tae tela: oi on the summit of Mount Artagno, upwards or 800 foet fore the Americans tamper with their import du- tad Material a'.d. The sowardly hecada the oieatt XHisfighta week ago laat Wmaeeday, in waicn above tbe level of the at* The lovn atanda on the ties, therefore, they should fairly consider theirbare slsos answered his patriotic appealabecldera at the idea of their eghitag the saV. men. The whole thtog waa a piece of etupidfcy, aua Ua port is formed by Utile bills which consti- present position as regards England and hiarcolo-i of their hue oapmaorn. Even tato would ael ha a» dace without erdcra from headqaar-era A b.fi«*l» tute a sort of amphitheatre. The highest or theseMageaatalfWag,t*e«ra MaaaintMaGe- was arat out beyond the ootpoata to urtvi ia tain*,which protectt the citadel itseir, to the I party of NeapoUUna, more for the pnrpoae of trying M««nttgt.oio, nowarda of 700 feet above the level or .thecavatloaa aad Baeaarohta en the Site of tbe Pb Metropolis in Africa and other Adjacent Plaosa 'P )i the wemeeThe ia—bet they show theibeigbting temper of the men than no} thing elee Toe sea. There ia also Mauit Gaanea del Cappuoclnl, whic» toenemy retired, hut losing ail re»»»n aad prudeuo*. the 6 \ on a level with the barracks or too artiUerymen lathe £56,522,000 of goods imported into the 8tatesin least 2,000 000 more than toe present population of talefurther, he estimates the blood shed ta all these wart at «,6«0 000 barrels; and, taking tbe weight of earth oaasat an average of 100 pounds, he concludes that ltM0,sO0,oao pounds of human flash aare been eat to pieces by hostileTbe revenue of Great Britain tt about £70,00«JBSe; that of Turkey about £10.000.000. The eater iee of the English Cabinet, conaiating of flftean members, s t an average of £4,000 each, amount to £76,000 a year, whiie those ef the Turkish Ministry (Mushira included), amount to abdnt £190.0CO.out of about 1,400 men eogaged,fiarlbaidlloet over 400 uart of the mountain which slopes to tbe aea, aadAn enthusiastic proficient la the study of eta!spirit la ssery****<, e*»arfh»fmat pr .cea 1br ererrtatog r«o.«lrad. todeed, a red ahlrtta eare to procure fer ita wearer aataaeeeeof Ifty per few the ceaaefftam fort, wHb ahot and eneU, which did aide of tbe fort with a bend. In 1859, the Auatrlaot, oeet la prteea beyeaHl what otaertpay. OaawweM aap- moatfearfatejDaaatten Still they etood their ground, during the war of independence, undertook extensivepeaa lalaca were eraeUy leteteed, and thatwith the more lofty porpeae of freeing all Italy, the ingra- old aeMttre wcwld havehar^iy done better, and *U took to the beat ute of their legs poaaio'e, not even atopOountriei.Export!103.381.014 8,228.991 1685,811419.119Father Gavaz^l preaches every day to the crowd ia thesquare of 8t. Francisco de Paala, Naples. To prevent theprofound horror caused to the Barnabtte by the easestrisn statues of Charles Til. and Ferdinand I. de Sourboo,near which the scarlet tribune of Garibaldi's chaplain iserected, the beads of the soverelgas have been coveredover with drapery. Ia his sermon on St. Januarius day ales that the late Mr Hill, of the Dundee Courier, in-ibatdtaaafallowed tbcm op to the very waUaof Caiuu. ani citadel Tbe western part ef tb* Mount del Oappocclni tt tb*next toattat a mmJeroiw An w« opened upon t.beni oocooted by part of the town, whtoh extenda atong tbethat year, £26,731.914 represented those furnished by means of English and colonial industry. Thesemetropolis! Should London, however, oontinue to increase durfng the remainder of the century at the name rate as during the last forty tears, ber population wilt then con Biderably exceed that anticipated for New York.flrtojf away mwket abou aaaiost tbe etone walla, bat aadeealy they tonod Uwtceeiro* clone or>oa a mmkea bntiery among the were, which opet.e l npoa the ir fl «R>works, but they soon abandoned t-»em They aupplied tbefortreea with cannon, whlci Uiey left likewise ma entrance to the fortress Is well defended; the roads being partly winding and partly sigxig, and construct id la such a way that a surprise of an enemy can be resisted-, however great may be the impetuosity with which it tofigures may be Ihus divided:—this country, as w«ll as from the continent of Eu- rope, appears to have received support from vari- ous persons, on the plea that adequate protection,(£26,781,914*) f £42,810,665)If„ then, the trade between England and thepledged himself to repay Hungarian aervioee with hiasword. The statement that a Temple Best Magttint tt to be-The Irish and the Americans bare, as is known, started In opposition to the OomktU, with Mr. Sale as edi-from San Aogelo- one of which killed or wounded one nrthe dragoons surrouaditg It. It is well kuiwn thatPrince Loigt. banished with so much apparent '.ndigia-tion by tbe King aa a reactionist, is in tbe piano, beetdeetwo of the Kmg's brothers. It tt supposed that Capua that it is impossible for American manufacturers to shall America, with her vast resources, seek to will be given up without a pitched battle, ae it cao be compete either with England or France stem the current of trade which, hitherto, has beenreroivers. Apropoa of the totter, CoL Oatt can take to monteae forces will shortly arrive, thus placing It oetween these two countries for the trade o^the-world lies unwise a policy should be determined upon, the re- ter of his sovereign. When, in 1741, tbe Genoese recon-Dr. Cumminga'(new prophetic work, "Redemption Draweth Sigh," has been published.any wandering Bourbon panting thla way to Hla emigra-Uau eastward. Aa Aamrisaa woold Imagine it to be aarand jabllee of New York firamea, except that the gal-lant h'boya are no*. gen#ral\y aeen with long sabres jing- nagsttheirheeia.orcarriedtotortaffcoatoctwithColt'amaceuntenablebyabombardment;besidesthePiet-thatthefiercecompetitiononthepartofsoprofitabletoher?Wetrustnot;butifeversodoctortheremarriedCatharineAmeliadeNeuhott,daugh-tionpromisedbytheMessrs.Blackwood.production of fabrics at home, is diverted iato chaja- uels otherwise than favorable to domestij industry. As regards the article of silk, it has been urgedCorsica, be sent hia confidential agent. Dr. Garibaldi, ona mission to his mother, who was then residing at themerely endeavoring to revive a worn out sys- tem in soptfort of home manufacture*. Enterprise, industry, and geneSal activity, aided by compara- tively small duties upon importations, have male Americawhat shenowis, a great emporiumofment from the Dictator of the Two Sicilies.It ls said that tn London there are morn than 80,000 women who earn a miserable income In the various de- partments of needlework.The Oaf Dmtitelu P«t states positively, on the faith of a letter from Trieste, that Prinsa Mtchoks, of Montane tro, wrote to the Emperor Napoleon tn nettfr his acces- sion to the throne, and to assure him of hia devotedness to France where he had received his education Tbe Emperor, in reply, promttad tha Prince a present of^waitaMfaMnTOrt Stksdition that tbe frontier line drawn out by the European any other of the public funotionartos. iJader aucb clr- become a great manufacturing country, and suc- Commission should be respected by fan Hontanegrlns.cuffisunces thepeopleoouid not help wishing t> have cessfullycompete with Europe,she must import Official account*from Constantinople acquaint aathat". The Complete Book of English, Sootttth a n d Irish Ballards," in one volume, with glossaries, notes and va- ter aide of tbe city. The Castle St. Elmo forma a praml- unteera, who should be here by tots time. Col Dona's in 184.') the value of raw silk consumed in the States spective families of these wretched erasures the regular sway o' the Pope. The revolutionary party are con rioua readings, tt announced hy B. Griffin at Co. foraaat feature to a view of Naples, from •AahawaT paint, situateii at about the middle of the high ridge which ex- tends around and separatee the western portion of the city from the country back of tt. No harbor and city in tae world could hate a more commanding position far a defence from toad or sea, and though hnftt at a time when modern Improvements to warfare had not been dreamed of, its walls, of eaoraaoaa lhh*adan and height, as immense extent of coimteraoarp, and moats eat out of the solid rock, and Hafinepoaittoantorheavy batterisa,•moid have enabled tt, to the handa of latermined de-•tadere, to make a fotmidahto and probably sux-eaaTulreaWtanM. It was tbe tout pinan glvan up, Qarlbaldlkhnaelf receiving the keys ah tta gases the secondday after hia arrival. A volume might be written aboutthis osatle of the Middle Agea,of deaariptkm and htotory.To the visiter It to one of the aaasttotereattogthtaga inKapler, with tta drawbrtdgea, dangaone, mysteriousahambera and aabterranaaa paaaagea, loading nobodyknown where, and the scene of ebtvntry, romance andcruelty, to past agea, sufficient to entirety the wildcatl to>sglnal T>To one who has been in Ns|itoa, wader aha aid regiese,terday, and immediately went ou> to Ctserta, where tbeywere sent to cot u i , column of the enemy, sail to have423. Since then, with the exception of 1855, l8|o and 1857, he increase Ls an important one, until,• -ree be has suppressed all tbe convents of the Jesuits, and pas con&fcated their property to the use of the State. A number of ladies, mothers, wives, sisters, daugbtu* of tbe political prisoners in Naples, have watted on Garibaldi to thank h<oa for having restored those who were dearesi to them to the bosom of iheir families Amongst others aas the Signers Aatometia Puerto. A certain Sigaora RIola arted as soofeeswoman for tbe r -st G aribaldl replied ttfnt bo let sv.fliciemly rewarded oytuchaaxne fo all the tolls and dangers he had undergone, b i t ha added that hia mission waa not yet endedWhite, the defeated aspirant for the championship of tbe Thames, was so chagrined at tbe easy victory of Chambers,,thathehang himself the next dayafterhis tie,oat .prepared large quantities of tri colored cockades and flags. They have even ordered a statue of Victor Ema- nuel.Rear Admiral Persano to whom Garibaldi, on entering Naples, made over the Neapolitan fleet, has been raised to the rack of Vice Admiral by tbe Klng or Sardinia.Tbe revenue of tbe Terk'sh government, roundly stated, amounts to 1,200,000,000 piastres, or, at the pre sent rate of exchange, something under £11,100,000. The current financial year commenced In March, 1860. 700.000 OtO piastres of this years revenue had been an- ticipated, and tbe money applied to expenses which should have been defrayed from tho revenue of the pre- ceding year. 500X00,000 pisastrea, therefore, alone re- mained for the st rvlce of the State during this year.A serf-aade having oeen offered a few n'ghia ago at Genoa, to the daughter of Garibaldi, she addressed the crowd In the following terms:—"Brethren: I thank yon for year manifeetation in favor of tbe brave men whoare fighting for tbe natty of Italy. Then long live Italy: long live those brave men' aad the Be Oalantuomo."MM. Maniscalchi,-father and son, notorious for baringbeen the rest active agents of the Into kinsg'a tyrsannyIt tt Stated tn the Italian journals that General Boeeo baa taken service in the army of King Victor Emanuel.The .Vet'; Gazttte of Prussia says—mere Is no longer any doubt that the Enperor of Austria will go to asanasw to meet the Emperor Alexander at the sann time an the Prince Recent. The King of Bavaria aad other Germiaregiment arrived here from Mtssioa, day before yea amounted to only $201,092. In 1S51 it was $1,091,-pay and raiions of acomaoa soldier. By a special de vinced that tha Pledmontese will enter Bene, end thaveDecember.The Academy of Beaux Arts, Paris, on the l t d awarded the prizes far architecture. Tbe first grand was awarded to M. Joyau, pupil of M Questel; the first second grand to M. Board, pupil of M. Lanes; and the second second grand to M. Goadet, pupil of M. Andre. The public exhi- bition of tbe grand prises of painting, the subject being "Sophocles Accused by hte Sons," if ill take peace ea Wednesday next and the two following daya, from ten to four o'clock.toft Capua. Why, at this time, don't we see some-thing of American volunteers—a splendid oppor- in 1859, it rose to tl,310,912. The annexed figurestunity fbr a regiment or two of some of show the exact state of the trade, both import and our belligerent papulation, who would and more export, from 1855 to 1859 inclusive:—glory and profit in fighting tyrants In Italy, tbttt leaving their boots in tbe swamps of Nicaragua Garibaldi wants men more than money, and snob men aa astonished the world with their exploits in Mexico would be worth ten times those of which the most of his army ts com posed. Send them along aa soon aa possible, for there Is still to be plenty of fighting before the Auatrtans give up Venttta, and Garibaldi is a man of hia word. It tt pro- bable that nothing will be done there for several months, but it most happen sooner or inter.IMPOSTS OS S a w SILK l.VTO TH« l.MTSD HTATKS.riflemen, at 900 and 1,000 yarda distance, while their Eroposcdnew scale of duties admits that the tradearmy of hirelings is beaten. Bis criminal iotenttoos have been prevented by heaven Pins IX moat go.The Official Qaxttte ot Vienna publish ^s a^proclamatlon of tbe Lieutenant General tncreaatng the mii.tary patrols, and limiting the use of arms for tbe suppression of revo- lntiooary attempts.drees of dark grey could not be distinguished from the auriounding treea.T h e R o m a s Mart h e a .The following very able and elaborate article, from theJaTanasna of Florence, on that portion of the Papal ternas grown up queitly, but with great rapidity, during the last few year*, and we are informed byacompe- tent authority "that he goods now produced ire quite equal in all respects to tbe imported makes, and are sold at from ten to fifteen per cent lower puces." If, then, such is the position of the silk trade in theCaaerta,Tears.1855 lh66 1857 1868 l&WHonu Import!. Cinuunption. S751817 71.12« 8S0.1P5991284 4255 9*6 979963.134 4.163 943.571 1,800,« 6o 91,0021320890 19,978 1 3l0.91iRouttedge'e "Christmas Book" for 1801 tbe "Collectel Poems of Elaa Cook," trated hy Gilbert.tt to consist of w:IIbei!iae-The above figures prove conclusively that me opponents of a steady influx of foreign made silks into the United States have made out no case inThe Paris correspondent of tha London Pott says:—We mnst now expect two events—tbe Sight of the Pope fromSampson, Lew k Son, London, announce the "Mount Vernon Papers," by Edward Everett; and Captain R, B. Maroey 's '•Prairie aad Overland Traveller.Dr. Eicboff, a well knewn German writer, it the author and publisher ofn curious series of sketches of the Pros- sian police, called "Berliner Poiizel S lib (molten/' The book appeared on Monday, and on Tuesday the pilies ar- retted ita author.A history of hunting and boaters seder the title," Wil- dacger: Sklzzen aoa dem Gebkto der jagd uad threr Gee- cbtchtee," by Francis von Eobell, witn illustrations by E Frohuch, has been brought oat by Cotta & Co., Stctt-In looking over a company of troopa one ia aurprlsed atseeing so large a proportion of them mere boys of fourteen and Sixteen years, marching and bearing their their favor. On the contrary, we have here shown R'imeand the retfremeci of Fraocta It. from 9aeta It iswoonda with all the sena froid of veterans Toe redabtrt tt aa unfortunate selection for a nnlform, as ttthat the manufacture of silk has steadily increasad; and, no doubt, ii has become a source of wealth toImp :»tbii>, alter what has taken place, for Pius IX to re- main tn tbe Sternal city He has by the advice o( Anto beill sought tu burn, pillage and destroy the property andmakes tbe most conspicuous mark at a great distance. Agreat many were picked off at St. Maria, by the Swim those engaged in it. One of the supporters of the persons of the people of nta States, d Jhas failed-. Hisin manufactures. No reasonable person would oppose her progress in these particulars; butSyrian sufferers for their losses tn the recent troubles at 29OOO.OOOp—26.000000p.0?whlahharebeenaaaessed Mr.Davis,who,forfouryearspant,has ou tbe Mussulman population of the whole of Syria, and by order of tae English gorernmeat, ta 4,000 OOOp en tbe Jews; these test, tt appears, havingasted in a manner to jaatlfy pecuniary castigatton to thatamount.me<». ' They should bear in miod that out *lf theately calculated that la milliards of men haves fatraaadfive per cent of the whole exports. Out of the New York will contain 5^67,408 inhabitants, belnf ^atImportsEngland9coilandIrelandGibraltar L.»........ 92,23851,214Malta 60,814Canada L" 11,581 871 17,029,364tiqaitiea of Teutonic Laws aad folia!*), edited by Dr. fl i to tbeir poets at the pattern and galea af public ooaa, from ita moat important city, to divided into seven ons demand for so useful an article as silk? If it the local government to alto 1 of Magyar names being Prlna a will also be present at the interview. The under Zeopfi, bas been brought out by Winter, Heidelberg.provinces, wbi.-h, from their sevui chief towna, are re can be manufactured and sold from ten to fifteen addtd to the German directions paioted on tbe street standing between Russia and Austria has advanced ta it seems hardly aataral to and thane places do- epecttvely termed Petaro, Urb no, Ancona, Macerate, For- per cent under the imported value of other produc- comers. Pressbnrg ts exclusively labs*>ited by Gernaos, such a point that hopes are entertained that at wersavTwo botanical lectures, recently delivered by Professor Unger, of Vienna, on "the Former Terra Pirnsa ef the Atlantic Ocean," and "The Phyatoaoglcal Meaning of the Culture of Plants," have been pubiisnod b y a t Braao- maher, Vienna.A new ethnological and philological periodical has bean atarted at Berlin, under the title "Zettschrtfl far Vol- kerpeycbolfgieandSprsahwhww inhaft," it tsunderthe editorship of Dr. 8tcinthal and Dr. M. Lazarusuo the twenty arte of August thaaaonnanentotSeidiitt, the cavalry hero of the Seven Years War, was inaugurat- ed at htt birthplace, Celeer, near Ctoves.Mr. Butncbard Jerrold tt said to be engaged on "A His- tory ef Industrial Exhibitions." whtoh will he published by Messrs. Allen, of Leadeabau street. In November.Tbe poet Bncbart, author of the admiral tragedy "Jane Grey," died recently In one of the bossiuia ia Berlin.aerie 1. One mimes tbe sound ef tbe bugle, the bright ma, Ascolt, Cam-rioo Hesidea these there are n >t a few tions, why seek to impose unnecessary restrictions bnt the latter, tn Hungary at least, are making common they will come to an aocotd on all the great European1 aid bayonets of ttta of soldiers gleaming In the afore the barracks and to the aquarea.other celebrated cities, the chief being Jest, Osimo, 81at- gsglia, Fano, Loretto, Toleatloo, Becanati, Cingoti; and the PC0 000 of these seven provinces d well In 423 cities, towns, boroughs and hamlets, with the exception of the rural population, which la scattered over a number of cottages, because, entails being abolished ta this part of Italy, large farms are unknown, and the laud Is dlstrl buted and divided to such a way that the rural habita- tions appear, when viewed at a certain distance, to betoe continuation of the towna.The Marches lie to tbe east of the Apennines, and on the opposite aide are bounded by tbe Adriatic So*. In length and biea uh tbey extend a wut 110 mtlaa, and the character of the country, sloping gently from the Apen- nines to tbe aea, tt moat pleasant, various aad plctu res((ue. If in the higher regions the severity of the chupon importations?It is a great mistake, however, to suppose thatAmerica will ever be in a position to manufacture the whole of the silk used ia that country. Eten in England it is found impossible to compete with the foreigner as regards make and color, to which certain important secrets are attached, and which it would be found difflcilt to imitate successfully. In the production of the finest descriptions of silk an immense outlay of capital is necessary. This outlay we can hardly expect to witness in a com- paratively youug country like America within a given period; though, on the other hand, we »re not prepared to say that, eventually, such capitalcause with the natives.Lt the eight principal towns of Scotland, containing In 1864 a population of 784 306 and now estimated to hare a population of 908,146, the births In the month of An- gut were 2,561, the deaths 1,735, tbe marriages006.Far the week endiog September 22, the births of &&9 bojs and 811 girls. In all 1.670 oh'ldrea, were regtatered in London. In tbe ten corresponding weens of the years 1350-59 the average number was 1,607.Tbe OjF.cial Gizntc of Vienna, or the 14th iust , publish ea a decree calling on one nundred and twenty four per sees belonging to tbe Lombardo Venetian kiogdotn to re turn to tneir country before the 15th Ojtdber, under pain of having all their property contlsoated.Letters state that lately tn Bohemia, and particularly in the olrcles of Prague and Konlggratz, a great number of Roman Catholics have abjured their religion and em braced Protestantism. Ia the village of Spatow alone for- ty seven persons have acted In that manner.questions.The accession of the 3rand Duke Frederick William to the throne of Meckienbc g Strelttsbas been announced to the populations of.the Grand Duchy.The conquest of N'aple e by Garibaldi, which waa effected in twenty one days, only coat bis army, according to official reports, eight men killed aad aixteen wounded.A Hamburg letter states that the test mail from Africa haa brought the aad newa of the murder of M. Rosoher, of tbat city, the African traveller. He had reached the lakes to the west of Zanzibar, when he was killed in his tent b y two natives, who shot him with poisoned arrows.A letter from Genoa, in the Gazette de France, assartstbat the Sardinian navy is now first in Europe, after thoseorsoldiers am here, they are no longer a fixture,I vtortors than a regular element of the A fraa government la evidently the oheapsat. ' princes to project, and eonneqoeatiy lam itton af conspiracy to be pot dawn, where the people behaving themselves properly of their free will instead of being ftrced to the arbitrarytyranny.Garibaldi atudlously avoids any Interference with theteljgioua bettor of the people. Neapolitan religion is mate renders impomible tbe vegetation which in general may not be foimd, and that both the quality andof England and France. Piedmont, it stys, had alreadythirty snipe of war. Garibaldi has annexed twice ae Buctart was about forty years of ago, aad had bees forreally tbe most besotted superstition to the world; hut •hat which tt has taken ao long to produce could not safe- ly be changed to a moment, aad be wisely abstains from attracting to himself the notice of thousands of fanaticsdisplays itself spontaneously, to tbe Piceno region there to, on the contrary, a part of the adrtati 5 coast more at. tractive than that of Genoa; one where, in midst of tbe ordinary objects of cultivation, there flourish, not indeed msxDiuceot olive plantations, but groves of oraages and of I neons so that between Grottamare and San Benecolor of the silks may, in some instances, come up to the European standard. Fortunately for Ameri- ca, the enterprise in silk manufactures has for some time past been fostered by means of low im jort du- ties on the raw material. By the tariff of 1857 thesome time In Indigent clrcumstanoss.A decree has been Issued by the Sing of Sardinia, ex- by a useless crusade against these absurdities, there tt detto, to tbe two provinces of Fermo and Ascoli, at duty of 15 per cent was wholly abolished, and iling three b'shnps.A catalogue ta being made by authority of a'l the ob- jects o art in the numerous French museums and pa- laces. The number already reached amount* to 40,000. A SKoond catalogue ta to follow of the petal's?* sndseetp tares In tbe public build a .•» of France—churches, con vents,hospitals,townballs,ae.time enoughfbrthatafterwards,aad those shortsigato1 oertaia houra of the day the air is laden with such single, train and thrown qualities were ad- TbeArmonaa,61Turin,tha chief organof theclerical »,equally fanatic, who etoaeor for a a fragrance, and tbe view of tho sea,of the gardens, party, was sequestrated on the 20th nit,foranarticleThe Guarantee Fund to the London Interaa'.ioasi Exhi-of tbe orange groves, of tbe vtliaa, of the timer* mitted at 12 instead of 15 per cent— acc.ur.trig tbe government of an intention to cede the 1 reformation at his hand, should be Mtttflal that meeCowB, o f the bills, rising above each other like an the rate established by the act of lsiti. No one inlands of Sardinia and E'ba to the French Emperor.the Royal Academy, London, encouraged by the nros- perocs state of their tends, aad more especially by tee large income derived from tbe exhibition of the past sea- son, have raised the pay of all their staff sad incressei the rate of pensionshe opena the gate to them—let them do their duty, now that ha baa dene hla. On the contrary, hla first an after entering the) city waa to attend achurch, going through allamphitheatre, ia so Inspiring and ao enchanting aa to recall all that the two great Italian poets have fauledre- specting the villas of Armula and of Alciaa Tae city of San Benedetto is to situated that It would be, parbaps, lmpossible to find a more enchanting locality tn the wit >le world. And as regards the agricultural ioduiHry of thecan possibly cavil at such a moderate scale, and all wko desire an extension of the trade must al- low that the legislative enactment admitting raw qualities free of duty was a judicious measure. That it has been highly favdrable to the steady de-sist , oTnearly one btuv'.rcd and forty men-of war.1 with aa much apparent sincerity aa any of1 event of the year, namely, the miracle af •arches, we may affirm that It will eland a eomp triaoa velopement of munufacairing industry must beTbe rope baa jnat addressed to tbe Biahop of Nlsibes, ohaptain general of the Pontifical army, a letter tn which bodirplaja much solicitude for the spiritual welfare of the soldiers serving nnder b i s flag, a a d authorizes t h e prelate to accord to all who may be in danger of deathRussia has sounded the first note on the new organ oftbe Northern Alliance. Prince Gortchakoff, the RnsaiaiMinister ol Foreign Affairs, has told the French Ambasador at St. Petersburg that tha' alliance between Franceand SardiLia encourages the propagation of doctrines dna iiouse, France, the ioitety s stiver medal was awarded tofaction, came eff on tbe UHh. tt ia with tbe beat cultivated provinces of Italy.evident from the figures we have given above, as well as from the admitted fact that American ma- nufactures are now selling at from ten to fifteen per cent below those imported from Europe, after,thrones: and that Russia woula entirely fall in her mla akin if she were not, in common with other State* threat- en* a, to raise her voice ta defence of social order and monarchial interests. The Prince added that this waa thefirst to introduce into France Bigby'a patent pantograph engraving machine.At the Olympic thee-re. Mr Horace Wigen (clever both as dramatist and as actor) bas achieved a double success by bis acting tn bis own new fame, "Savage an a &>er." Though new, the farce tt not novel, for it tt adapted from; to which tbe Neapolitans Attn h more impor- 10JI else besides, aad ao strong la tbe bold which thto aupmstition baa on their belief aad rears,Monuments of a'l epojhs recall the ancient grandeur of them provinces. On traversing tbe broal plaios, bathed by tbe Chteutt and by tbe Tenon, we behold tie stilltbo number of depositors In savings banks waa 1,479 728, and the amount due to them waa £36,462.440, In addition to winch there were 27 933 accounts or charitable tnatlta1 of the great events ia the history of the city magniflcent rntna of falerie, I'rbisogiu and Panama— •we presume, leaving a handsome profit on produc- Mot.* and friendly sock ties, wbosS deposits amounted to object of the approaching interview at Warsaw. Than inQueneed by it Whei Marat took forcl- theatres, amphitheatres, walls, arches, baths, lussrip tion. Aa regards profit, we are told that the aver- 413,63d 190, so that the total amount lavested in savings declaration of the Russian government, as thus reported 1 on of tbe kingdom, a diapoeUioa was tlous recording glories which, banded down from remote age cost of manufacture is about one-half the value of banks cnThat day was £40,907,630. From tbe 20th No ' bj u-Itgraph, ls not very explicit; bat It shows ths poli-bytheofficiatingpriestsnottohavethetimes,stillliveintherejoliectloiofposterity rawmatarial.Itfollows,therefore,thatoutofthethevember.1M8,tothe20thNovember,1859,theincreasecywhichthatgovernmentispreparedtoadoptlathetheoldFrenchpiece,"UsTigredeBengals."earnsoft. Fortwentyonehoursthsmurtt- On examining the private'miaeums wa c>n- weited, with prayers and invocation, to aee the timplatc with pride the glorious testimonies 1liquefy; then tbey broke out alt over the city with of an epoch preceding the Roman Conquest, ant ammggtIntbenuinnerofdepositorswas96365,audortheamount due to them £2 345,300.The Island of Cabe*in aplto of Spanish misrule, saysthe Lcndon American, is one of tbe moat pr eperoas porAsew volumeofpoems is announced byA.Goulda A woman named Joy has written from New York to Co , t•> be called "Tbe Poetical Souvenir," and will cosof the catomtttoa surely foretold by the them tbe early cotna that mark the first atag-w of' of the saint, and tmprecaUoea on the French, whose sects! economy, rheeaatlea ot tbe Middle agea, of which $1,000,000 is now realized.. Many of thetbe master of the Clonmtl wor khouse, enclosing a first class ticket for the passage of a chubby boy, who, havingtain a portrait y Alfred Tennyson, aad literary notices ol and poetry by Alfred Tennyson, FreJerick Teenyaoa, Alexander Smith, Charles Mackay, P. J Bailey, R tfsnak- ton Mitaes, M P ., Coventry Patmore, Charlea =*aic. ST.: nam Alllngham, J. C. Prince, Gerald Master, &c , ae.Tbe test works of Reaan, P.umtohoa and Dapia, have beenplacedeatheialexssthebookscjademaedbyteeV htoayaf them were assassinated, stateof asarohy aad deeper, at Dear to the bishop, or other highall are not j et destroyed, aad other written mem >ri*W», manufacturers in this country would, we are still visible, attesting the domination of the Lim are snre, be glad to be enabled to make ao favor- bards, tbe days of feudalism, the period or the freedom able a report of their proceedings year by year;tions of tbe earth. Her present pooulatioa is eatimtted no name, waa called the-Great Unknown."' The letterto pull the wires, end pre- of tbe communes—in short, at every step the traTeller but they ha\e even a greater amount of competi-enhtobreastsaid,••Cakeitheliquefies within tea minutes, youBefore five minutes had passed theofallNaples,aadboomingofmiracle had at tost been per-at 1,ISO 000, of which nearly 550 000 are white tnhabitanta 180,000 free colored, 400 0CO slave*, and 31,000AslattJiabd Indiana Tbe sugar estates are Immenselyproductive. Twenty three of tbe principal plantations,also enatbsed money to purchase clothes for the little fel- low, aad the master was chosen to see him off.A Berlin paper states that a rather singular duel took place,threedaysago,withpistols,nearthesamespotwtovh time tbey regularly<§fsvita. the music ia part by Prince Ralsivill. in nan &y ^gtedptlntner.mthe Prinee Pierre S'lpolcn Bonaparte appears ages ta snnborehlp, as tbe translator into French of a tioratcao legend ('dsmpters"), which he had formerly pibltsttd,n Italian.The Rev. James White, tbe wefJ known authir o' aoa*valuable historical works, has now in tbe press a rattttrf of Ergland, to beoompletf d in one roiamue, antr ,rm « • * the same author's History of FranceTbe title of the new Australian novel (a'm-»: tbe first AustraIanbookreprintedin tagland)whepiWf" hy Binns &Goodwin, of Bath, it Marten; or the Ltthtsf Some ones Home: a tale of Australian Bash U{e,s/ Maud Jean Franc.takes,nalareandtbemonumentsofhistoryail thein tiontocontendagainstthantheAmericans. This destry of man appear to tell him that there dwelt, aui competition is, we admit, chiefly confined to the still dwells here, a people worthy of bettor destinies, andthatiftbenaturalaso'enessoftheinhabitantshascomprisingabaut100(00acresoflandand10,176slaves,are valued at £8,000 000. These twenty three estates where M. de Hmcketdy was ahot Two young men, un- Papal G«vernment.exerted itself to coantcacttb 1fatal pulley or a govern meet which systematically persecutes, for the purpose offinestfabrics,forwhichthecontinentissofamous, and to certain colors, which we find great difficul- ty in imitating. Nevertheless, our trade shown no such progressive increase as the American; which promises to become one of considerable impor-produced, In 1859, 235,000 boxes, the worth of which was£4 each box, making In all £910,000 There art 1 600 1 sugar plantations tn Cuba, the exported orolucu of whichamounted to about £10 000,000 per annual.acquainted with each other, had a diapnto at a party, and oneofthemsentsQba'Jengetotheother, theletterfail into the bands of the twin sister of the one ch vllenged, and as she bore a very strong resemblance to her brother, she resolved to take hia place. Her antagonist detected the scheme, an 1 waa gallant enough to Ire to the air, v uThackeray is said to have in contemplation a mnemm Optra—ahistoryofthatAnnaAugustawhomDr.Jobasnc remembered aa a "stately lady ta black velvet aad die •sends," and who touched him for the evil.the presses st tbe Parte mint every day urn oat ar. was pleased with the French.1 tha> whole thtog tt roundel is, that stifling every generous aspiration, for the purpose ofSt. Janariua waa thrown amoog cruahtog every attempt at regeneration, it is not less1 prwaaaaol; but those aagacloea beasts, true that this government baa succeeded In paralyzing tance at some future period. Before, therefore,After long and tedious negotiations, a concordat hasbeau closed between Bayti and tneCu.-t of R»ne. It bis example was not followed by the lady, who levelled at 30,000 of one francaf hto neeultor btood, lufaaed to touch 1 a sura thing of it. tbe next time the 1 an* af htoaharpaat swords to one .ofall tbe vital energies, in banishing the studlea, tu re pressing everything, m degrading to the loweii state or ignorance a great portion of the people.the executive determine* to exclude English ajlKs from America by the imposition of high duties, the relative position of trade should be fully consider-make* larger concessions to tha temporal power than were ever before granted.ber opponent, but fortunately only wounded him slightly.Caseell. Petter, and Galpin announce "Our Ecampkart, Poor aad Rick:" a aeries or biographical sketches of mea sad women who have, hy aa extraordinary nee of tbeir.. J i m , watt at one stroke eat off theTbe Czar has commanded the formation of a new Cossack army Inline province or tbe Amoor, tbe fresh troops iiotbatof her Royal Highness, the Princess Alice with oppoitunlties, benefitted their fellow crestares. Taw toconsistofsuchItantchoosandTartarsasarewillltuto PrinceLouisefBasseDarmstadtwouldbeofficiallymade worktteditedbyMr.RecorderBui,andLordBroughamAt a time wbeo these provinces were leas oppressed— ed. A higher duty upon silk manufactures fgust •TJ******"*"togiveheraaaaa,gatherediotasortheblood nay,evenInthetimeswhoatheyenduredopprestioa- leadtoafallingoffinourgeneralintercourse,and•J^VVV**1- httt a woman, who mimed a salnUhtp only1 a a o a n , which ste sqoeeaed Into sua to*be aeentosideof one atthahanJaof thead up in Naples atthey have given to science aad to inters mea of the highest eminenoe. l"i bino ia leas celebrated for the splen- did aad enlightened court of ns dukes than for having given Raphael to tbe world. Peaaro, in the daya of Parti- es.-! aad of Monti, was'the Athens of the state; it has pro-to an utter failure of the principle that is now en- deavored to be anplied to revenue, viz.. an in- creased annual income from restrictive influences.There is another question of considerable mo-enlist under the colors of Russia.known at Darmstadt, now states that tatt tateittgen» Is only intxact ae to the plane named, and that the event will be celebrated at May enc« instead. Prince Louis ia the aoa Of Prince Charlea (brother of the reigniog Grand Dake) and tbe Princess Elisabeth of Prussia (daughter of Prineewrites a preface for It.Tbe anniversary of Goethe's birthday was tbe oibw | day celebrated at Berlin by a performance oC • Fa;r».year. The first duced, in our own time, Rosetal, sad one of the men who ment to which wo may direct attention, bearing,tot May, and new sit to tbe Sardinian Cabinet, Mamlati; anntbae as it does, directly upon our commercial inter-. the seond Caro aad Glaoo.no Leopard1were born to these provinces. course with America, viz. the duty levied upon to-Baa taaeoaa • Fermo prides itself on baring produced tbe master of bacco in this country. The growers in the States—h the miracle Galileo, and perhaps Laotantius, aad here also was bom complain that we levy an import duty far too highour Holy lather toe Pope at two houra' warning.*«• The king of Wortembqrg reached his 80:b. birthday P. G. 11 " A similar document was found one night la on the 27ib ult. His Majesty visited tbe theatre an thethe pocket of an unclaimed rest lost during a riot.A letter from Rome of the 14th nit states that thePapalGenertlKanz'er.tnhta retreat from Sinigaglta toAncona, forced a passage through a body of Pledmorntese cable'from Algiers bas been successfully landed at the troops who endeavored to intercept htm, tbat he killed or Itland of I'murea, and that messages are tn coarse of wounded from 300 to 400 of them, and tbat on bis part perfect tranamlstiou both ways. The distance is 260Tbe cburch wascro#de<l that Liver otto who so greatly struck Machiavelil that he was led to compare him with Agatboclea.?nvwa"pa\2,a^nri"'^ The divine comedyof Dante wasprtoted,fortheOral L*y^**. »toraastarB tor time, at Jeal.to admit of an extension of the growth of the ar- ticle, and that ito amount tends to check consump- tion. Let us examine the truth of this statement.nccaskh, aad waa received wtth much enthusiasm by a crowded audi-uce.c a x T t h a t ^ l i 0 ^ 0 " d -What efforts may be made by tbe patriotism of a peo- In 1817 the value of the tobacco exported front the tbaantoi «? i?«V? up " pi* was exhibited by Ancona la the siege which it eus- United States was $7,242,086. In is.')2 it h«d in-be lost four olDoers and 69 mea killed or wounded.miles, and some portion ia2,000 fathoms deep—approach ii g tbe general depth of the route of the unaucoeesfal Aligntc lice The portion from Minorca to Toulon, la France, will be about another 260 milea, and this ia ex-Uined trom the army of Barbaronta; for the defence nude ^hart* -5 S 5 T S bf the citizens equalled in heroism all the feats recordedaubatanee. in tbe history eitaer of ancient or modern peoples.otto WIS la "»Te-1 Neither arts nor industry ware neglected tn these re-creased to $10,031,283. and in 1859 to $21,074,038/ The annexed figures show the value of the ship- niuits since 1852:—A lady wan praying tn a church at Seville srhea shesuddenly felt a twitch at her dress, bat on looking roundtbe only person near was a female, with her nanda clasp-ed sense her breast In an attitude of devotion. Present pected tu be laid during tbe present month, ebouid the We bear tbat tbe Lords Ootnmttstoeeri of the Adattrt • ly,findingtbatsomaotherjewelryhaibeen stolen,she weatherprove favorable tvhavepurchase!)tbesplendidmodel of Blakedesign"-aad "PtAtodly set on ftoes. Tbe best Italian paper to minmactured at Fabrla- 1H&X aupreaaeiy ao. Foesombrone supplies the raw material for the 1658$10,031 283 1856 11.319,319 1867 10.018,048 18.08 14.n3.468 1869$12 2118132J6t2772II 00-J.7BT ga e the alarm, when it waa found that the devout lady tiy Mr. Beily. wtih a view to Its being placed in GreetT-—TM"tat suas in Europe, rhe only sugar refinery ta tbe 1854 »«w BflIW«h«the greatest fervo..about tao houra of mteses and genufi'it Statu tt at Grottamare Aaco i to one of the finest and l&MFiance and Prussia are about to appoint a commission21 0T4 0i j waa tbe thief, and that the oroaaed arms were merely of seu-gahs to discus* the necessary arrangements for Wloh hospitalthirtysilkmillsnowiuoperationindifferentparts of the United Btaitea—-m which are einpl »yed from 8.000 to 10,000 hands—a revenue of abouteventoftheItalianrevolutionpenetratingintovenetla.At a village near Ballymena, Ireland, a man by mistakede!tve»ed a paper containing tha folloaiog, instead of anorcer for goods:—11 do awear, tn the preeen * of myholy brethren, by the Holy Crass of St. Peter, s a l by theBlessed Lady Mary, that I will maintain the holy reli- w-.Uiam, uncle tc the King) aad waa corn on septtmaer gion, and exterminate aimherettca, a s they are called b y 12.1837.kr, the subaUnce Inside appeared to a a W t a ^ . ^ 0 ' t t t * ***** States. ito very ancient aad In eight years, then, the value of the exported waxwoik. oaititng a canal between the Sarre aad tbe canai from the Madame Pfeiffer, the celeb rated traveller, bat left. * nature, swolltag op into a peaty mite- l*eu iKi w** eXclU; ln« astonishment ol all arch: tobacco has doubled, and the present state of Irade A great number of non commissioned officers in tbe Maine to the Rhine. manuscript, an aatobtogrepby. and an account «f he* tenaf m rwannadad from all aides, and a are 4do21 K ^ w ^^tees with which these provinces seems to indicate even additional shipments. We Prussian army have asked for dismissal, tho service un-SB, wbea it seemed to boil, changing its admit that a high duty is levied in this country; but rataunt,ah*mlraetowaacomplete,aad aaat* ^ Z ^ ^ £ J * TM " producedtb*mtgntft- beitobserved,it is upon anarticle of luxury in anttedVfceairfranall quarters, among aadwhich couaua^tfwa,CB ta*"ecret °**boea l06t> whichmostclasses indulge,andto whom marketder the sew organization being too hard, and the pros- pectofadvsneome111morereduced.- «tivu tiart- -_an from tea iha « aftn. * » it with aa llluml- is no wi-.b any thaift.pe»ninterim. TfcAnillWo*BMmt»of to« fre" EuM a r llU wTbe Austrians who are serving tn tha Papal army havebeen informed that, tn the event of Its being dissolvedthey will be allowed to re enter the Austrian army withtbe grades tbey have attained; also, that if they resetve Tbe<(khazh.e-khasae," or private parse of the Saltan are 'rem tbe year 1708. Tney refer to the fenslsiaW wounds, rendering them unfit for servise, they aha 1ne of Tartuy, is put down at £250 000; to tats have to be dllirn and are meant to prove that General Bwssaraivalue -eems of minor importance. Silk, however,is a veiy different commodity. This is aa article of known, although one afftUnsnmaV . *****< *»• lc*»l nece**i<y, both in ita raw and manufactured state,sent Emperor bas collected end will hare pub!need. Thf lett.rs frem fata collection, now Sflasei nwjfaw I t e f * .o: art, and all teteUtZlia , * * ** 'th monuments 11prise on bebntoiat taV SEX"* * " •*""* eritb aur-la proceeding to dttr^raV1?,«..?*Ptt*el', "cboltrs.an wiAKllsi wv I n . l i n n nwJ* »— swaaaaaaj v\ IUIO al of its i.>vstem OPimports, the growers of tobacco in the States f,bould bear in mind that last year they shipped produce of the value of $11,700,000, andAkuer from-Napes In the Oonstiiutwniul says tbat eu-tnwthera, his M*jaaty'e b-otner, ha seas, his sisters, onh , set that he looked at it. or at teest wishedother*JftattKt?aSsw?sss- rT^u'Sw*0*' A l a?T- J < *M d ^waa* vaask*1a>aa^pB^Bssa^aw^p ysjsaiaah Wl a749ajaa«0.fj|bkdws a a aaaaei revenue of ino nron -btohopthe 1,M0 galley slaves tn the bagnio of CasteUemare. prolimg by tbe absence of all military Torcd, demanded u> bo al owed their liberty during the daytime rbeirmarried oaushte'a and eens ia tews, which amount in all to lovk at it, tt the light of aa ant of civilisation.to about £200 CCO more, making up the sum ot £IM,C00. An attempt tt bettg made to revive, the dtteajsfea as A letter trout Nasies says:—I mast tell yen of the fane to th* authorship of «A<?am Beds," sad the claims af Mr-ThiswttbtI •iters from Xsplee speak of s heroine who tt fighting veytga to Madagascar, which » about to be publttbei V in tbe raiiks of the army of Garibaldi. Her name iaebe her soa, at Vienna. Cow.tenMariadeltaTorre;ahaUarmedtotheteeth,aad TheParteMouiteur eosemuatcatoaseverallettersfrs» a)«aya to be found tn tbe foremost rank. 8h« ls sail to the correspondence of Napoleon tbe First, which tha ars b«ve killed two Neapolitans with her own hand tn thecombata of the 50' h.aud. as t uch. entitled to special privileges in regardtodu'ies. Whatever may be urged against our provided fbr. added the annual allowances tat in* sultans mother and and. rtesk tbe expedition sot tn the sense « s ceases*that ihr.e-fourthsof that quantity was taken byIltiahtod, France, Holland and Bremen, to which guardtaia would fain have refuael, bnt they were few rsl ot the B«>urbons, whtoh was enacted by the pnmins 14--H,, of Knntaton, are • -ate being net forward. Tsetin- *Miexed values were forwarded:—andtbetonviotsmany. Altthe;coulddowastoobtainoitbecit*,twoorthreeevenIfleestaoe WewerestarirvundifortbeclaimarelaatMr.Ugginswaskseen<• bewritiBgaBertetofataries each as were fma'aswA," "Seenee of Clerical Life;"' that the adveatnres ef tha heroine of "Janet"a Repentance'" actually occurred la tne tom wh«re Mr.Liggins Is resident, that tb* aoeaJ* "Gtoipe Dint," theegh denying Ltggtos' aitac*0£*iromUum their word at honor that they would come...•••..•• •.60,93 610 back to iheir cage at nightfa'l. Th* prisoners gave tae cbant. and, r .onlog to tbe Taieeo, to aee what tha apartUntitled Documenttied by tbe sound of many votoanai aging a species of naw required pledge and went forth to take the air. lucre waa. we tonne a long prooeaaton ef } oaagaters walkingttons? The CsBtellamare fntuey alaves are alltawToledobyaftee atdnaV,• narlenssla* which tie He* Aanafsnl i tA predictionmettcal genths In the year 1806 has received, tn the re- "f*rtnageandherRemaiM:helaganAea'»ateftheEx*recordedb y sometrenaatlanttcturns ot tbe national census, a remarkable verification.Fifty-five yeara ago New York contained 76,700 Inhabi-tants which thm curious Individual predicted would bei icreased to 882,062 In 1860 Thla estimate was published i n V alentine's "ktanoei o t t h o Common CoaaeU," e f£62,928,000offoreigntradein1869,Englandand thatdate. Anothercalculator, taking theratioofin inthevariouswarswhichhavebeenwagedsiccathe her dependencies took £42,810,000, or about sixty- crease atnoe 1806 as a basis, finds that tn 1900 the city of creation of the world. Carryiog htt calculations sttQTotal....".....1 $133,669572 214,053275Hungarianrecrnits,anditisgivenoutthatGer.beldihaa"DauntonManorHouse,"'nnovel.flourished under a system of duties which has taught Europe a most important lesson. That lesson has, fortunately, placed England in a high position amongst the nations of the world; andare now pioteattng tbat he has Teutonic blood in his The donations to the Pagte. Travelling Fend have rev Tems. The K oerfeld Gazette says—When our country- cently advanced from £800 to £500.man, Theodore de Neuhot't',proclaimed himself Kingoftholr safety. Ho cannot act them at liberty, nor do they The population of the Marches is 924 066. of Umbria 472,even wiab to be Set at liberty, for the people would at 639, and-,f Viterbo 129,372 inhabltaats. Than 1^x6,019 once tear them in pieces. Meanwhile he gives to the re- inhabitants have been withdrawn from the temporalTbe Preu or Vienna states that the two lordships of I.isn and Beoalek, in Bohemia, formerly the property ote work on grain and bread, Bnrenberg,a very exhaustiveunderlie litis,' lAe Getretdeartoen end das Bred.''The erst volume of an antiquarian etitectton, called "Altherthumer dee Deutschen Ratchs and Bschts" (An-Count de MontaJembert's sew work, "Lea Moines d'Oc- Ruggeberg show tbat. on the 16th of August, 1726, the expect the appearance of tbe authorised English transla-chateau de Peddenoh, near Raggebcrf, in tbe district ortbe Marches in Prussia; and the registers of the pariah of cident,"' having been published at Parii/yre may soonat Palermo, were arrested on the 7th at "taken under escort to NaplessnwtjBaron von Blbrn, M.D L1many at Naples, among them tw* line ot battle ships, theVesuvio and the Monarca. The Ganbaldlaa navy in thewatere of ScJy had eight or tea steamers—English, Ame-rican and others—given, bought or caotored. Besidesthis, the letter says tbat Piedmont, not expecting aa largean accession of naval force, had made contracts ia Esg-tendroreight large steamers,twoof whicharealreadydelivered, and atao for an equal number of traaepwis.AH these things coteidered, the Gazette ie France reck bition of 1803 now amounts to £802,000. ens the Sardinian navy as consisting, or to soon to con-At the test meeting of the Societe IndustrieJe ef Mai- In the iVlted Kingdom, on the 20th November, 1859, gerons to the political equilibrium and the stability of Mr. fCaucher, engraver. Mulhoose, for having been theplenary indulgence under certain conditions.The AUgemeint ZvUvng, which stated a few days alnce that on the return of her Majesty from Coborg the beA telegraphic despatch announces that the sub marineThe Oapt drgtu ofsion of the reception of American Coneul (Mr. D. good taste tt "aaat,at aays. that on theWtte, or the Converted Prlneess "present 80,000 pieces of SO centimes. 40,000 af 50c ,aadi pobliebed, tnmaghSchmidt the Pop* of the aha*. Cndar tbe Eagtaodinf Urhtaeaad ^PV WmiaarTrt i'lMMa*......................................4 ao2,l7t!•••..••••••••••33178 dible itcertaily seems, bat tbe tetter decbvei that they www.fultonhistory.com309Souao'emnH al >ng. carrying In the sttdst a bier, on which45Thomas M. Tryniskith 4Fulton New York 130696th Street 