1Sy"-df 4Mta tadblooda(B made for the de-MmMn ravage undar pr«-joytSlT roind rneMSiAnd m the name of all that Is finally,' ~i'.tt:IS oFBonr««bmT*InOier»- eptsoda Maxtikt Strait! _„ wliUktheCaaadlMlBer. J._ (•fooun) b»»k Orie«, «taM kuadnd mud alshtr-el^stoppagMatUwJ"^ ^»^aWi J» BEKIDT(TerdM^MdijIt ilkae Ipaatbr a vas- i; UaaaUyaoi sMie there at a tUno. ndaate natnroof thelastmc- Offleer—«aUed qoletlj np nld tloiu given to our«Bval4fcen goes fa? to reader theaivteoaSaayrtMn. TBIIs one "T.*^^y^!^' ^'^«TM• •Saatteo r...madoa, *fli pMaife ta (ha aw Amleaa. and It will nLTU«TMMl,afternomaroiu aelOBtheCoMt«.fto» BaakT.T..: Beiatrefandmiilriatwi tlw rite oT <hm-«rilni—Mi_ ftr moufb of the Congo—J»»»l»« • k lUTer and again ralea«sdBore than two Tbe loose andearily n|>Ued If weea^laesiaeet Are!£j:re£yS^Ssj.?^.^rpis •ftoeAmericantoairfMtortheBuiop"a^aa"bo"a"U"- flnaaUoalaSt.Haik'*Ckapd,eanar«(VUfher coppers at an andantoodaeni wUi be a plrapHeabmUiw.Two other slap*iti« balV okaa by our Govem-noe Bad Fartr-bwh-atreet, in the •saal-..A miasioDarf meeting will b« held th .—treaty Inoperauve. The evil of dlsciectloaary poweratexerted in these men operate! most injuriously tlmee. It Is oftentimes a mere mauer of will with a commanding officer as to whether the effecUve furoe under hli command shall or shall not render efficient aid toward suppressing the traffic. Thst wUl is tootUeooaklnotwaiteven oftenexertedontbesideofselfishinefficiency.Again, qit^daikiteltt**stoodintotier on the other hand, a willing offlser is often kept inheadquarters, which are "Do so and 60,"Balthlhe magnate,«.mm tog at Christ Choreh. eoraer af Ftflt Wii'>t whethertheGulfofSLLawrencebenotnavigabu Thtrty-fifih-Btreet,atwhichBlshajwFatamalttltmmtber were carried overland aangry •voice ii mar bepereeai,oaValuet» tbe point at which ahe wuto collected iUb lb* aoaat, at (neh placea as t faUMflPPi^ B" eanplaoiant was toTotal Thet^M^iatHMWdregula- Slave-trade, The Con- v^e^nt,io^n o?l?E18;4S2,"*w"hSic2h^d"r"e'w up the treaty called thefire."*I»<U« toto which aMethodistChaidiwlUtoI acnnsa by Ber. Dr.,.pSsie.-002 3& thegeDGeertomuasnsiuem^odfeD$U4,o0f0t0htlosrCeiltieyvehatiheeco4a1t-rtriebsusteodfor throughout the year, and whether Bto soma othernia IfUMt had been$11aDdSaan,ofOre(oa.aBd Rav.C.a HafilBi&ai» sloaary to Africa, arm spea^ JO^The anniversary of the lOsaionary fliilinfaBM"•Mtoaatsea.I Bay sajr more successfuldo so and so, look out for yourself."of aUn-u.^.,5i*TfJ-<=»P"»' punlshmeal be-bewia la preach"p''aTWItlir i«t out of the range of tbe^ciaast, when she was overbauled by less positive)•fpraoediue.New-York)I should even advocate thesatisfactory to the alaver) for the suppression of the right of search withto a specified distance of silver, andmoney by231, was $7(1.000, besides $80,760 to barEdoae, member of the Irishdelega-be baldaH^.. mmhlaoaepwt (usuaUytbe Of two evUs. letNorib,Tbe Chilian bark Afario, laden with eaaU fromtion to this country, hasn toe columns of the Necwo-mmenced toe publlcattoa,Rar. ilnat, AaauBaT^****aid. for a safe and profitable venture,Let the number of casks, buckets, amoiut of food la the shape of rice, salt fish, failna, etc., be limited, on this subject In common with other African affairs. as well as the cooking apparatus, lumber,*plan king,This is supposed to be In a most flourishing condition, etc. andtoemployalargeamountoftonnageinlisex-, tionoflawrelatingtother>ethingsshouldmukea port. Sach is not the case, ana such reports only Iirize of a vessel beyond the waters ol the UnitedState', where a mock trial and monetary interests secure a guilty triumph of the ilaver.'on oiu-Tbet> a Botorlons slave-dealer here who, a short ItaiV^MMi oCsred to wager a large sum of money »>Mfca»'(llf)alli of a certain British craiser, who ismust aim ata political harvestAmerican named McCill. He has the exclusive right seed, to right places, rightly prepared. Where are the c1Sh4a5rgMero.f treaaoa to 1844, bat he was clo manufacture paper, granted for six yean by the Government.agato trymenwhohavebufferedtothewarwithMorocco, ConventionrecentlyheldtoPhiladelphia. Thefol- valA&lra.HawasaaccsadadbyMr.Flonaea^v"tofance to nntil tto politicsIaa acaptorproperfiomgenerally formed a part of tbe Committee oslla.laxalcalculate the profiu that must accrue to the safefcrniahyco-pastors. Mr.Mallalt.over the previous year of from 40 10 51) per cfat.Capt. Haagenskn, of tbe Danieh bark Dam^ lost his land. Rev. VV. B. LsE has been dl^ruissed from the which was burning till then unperceived. ig-Is for the slaver to getblood aboard.Under the present very unsadsfactorr :BWi(veryTbe remittance olsavage last steaner from theHareaieata.ima point on the coast, as a Uader.oJL These vessels geaeraUy canyhipalBcSiave-trade, it la almost imposali>le to detect a slaver, unless she has her cargo aboaid. Diagolse is so easy that no dlffloolty la ezperieaeed la fladlag avannea oftbe coast- two hundred mites. us sayeooosetheleast Thethe vlrtoal of theesxleamvpetrion from search;of a flag which does not tolerate the right of search,York Obierver, of his ob-Fogrth<se»ue;pmaeUagbir OBICOAKT.ofnotions, snch as calico prints, •MagaitlaleargocIsTaicahuano, leaking, a few days ago, and sank soos in shoal water.VALrixiiso, Satniday, Jan. IS, IMO. A wTiterln SanUagoglvesoBt that be lateads re-Oaitog service ia the navy ia 1818. Cooaaiaieference to the Irish in America,.tohe GCrsanad- Truak be extendweodntlhdit^hoern, and Portland lose her po. slUoBastheWlalerterminosofourUse. Thee,la the secend place, we are tarattigatlng CaL Snot- KKs's claim for an exclusive charter 10 run a trau*- AMsattc telegripb over to Greealand, Icelaad. toe possessions of toe Ktog of Deamark. If toe claim oaa•adLaoneandahalfhaunhad checkbyinstructloLsfrom ahMfiIsoneboormoreshewas ofthisnature:Ashburton Treaty," made the trade which of courwaffixesthe plricy,that tbetroops were drawing back on the town ofeen worsted by the Indians. An officer named dewriBdden through, we will ride through it, and Uybut if you'?'''«country. A lesser penalty would gofollows thewatchful British steamers, at adls- the officer capturing that slaver lays hlgaself liable toour wltesimIIIJ etc, to ierie the double purpose of ata&l?Gi3rpnrposes stancesafegaaidunder the coveru ?"!»«•">'convictioncaptaieslaver,be heard of In our"SiLvo, valiant land veteran," had, as Is reported, thiowa up his commissieo. Basbosa bad also fallen back towards the coast with his troope, Initand brtoglng a great number of cattle which he had recovered from the robbers.Ihatioale. XtELICHOVS.acivilsuit anddamageshe is consequently afr&ldOhapei. mumm ^ ^^.;and lotakeavesselunlessahehashercargooffleshandlaborin a StateUfetlme. It Is now death or nothing—er rather it Is nothing.alowly,HnlvetaaUat evealnt.Boctoty at Honeon the whole Coastof slaves, that he would* tlon, that the English naval officers attached to thisseed sowers ?"A concerted movement for theLevto was electad to1Uadranee bom the British captain. It istrade, for there are few or none English vesselsTbe exports from Huascoduringthe last half of thelowing recomiaendations are made public: 1. Thatevery Union Prayer-meeting be represented by a con-venient number of brethren, approved .by commoaconsent witoout formal election, who constitute ioaugurated a movement agamMFrsfaaafc bltwotraders on the coast engaged In that trade, and those.15.557tuibaoce, Mr. Levia betog aisetad from Ihn16,036 spondence lor the Union Prayer Meetings;" collect the alsliw;1of an almostlandiog of a cargo of negroes. One thousand negroes ron: owing to Navy quarrels and dlsagreemeats. So ledcratioD. And now, on the termination of thatidMltn—a sufficient sum to set all parties con- portant duties assigned them by Government, the cened^^npoo their legs." Well can those parties only inference to be drawn is that these naval gentrytheir ow-nened Confederation and the BrazilianIt is said the Brazilians are gathering forces in thelife recently ai tlte Chmcha Islands. He liad gone on pastarale of the Centre Church to Fair Haven, Conn., nited tbe powder, and Mr. M. received a shock board the Biitish steamer Bobvxa.. On leaving her o accept a call Irom Ihe Grace-avenue (-hurch, to wbichteiuiixLaiediiUexister.ee to toe course of aa side, In Ms boat, the Captain of the steamer, named Brooklyn, N. Y. hour. At first he thought himself not seriously la-•as^Empire.but to a shori time heIn this City, last Sabbalh, the Northwest Pres- head wasafl^ected. and requested his son to go for so injured that he died in an hour. His remains were byterian Church, to Flftieto street received his as he did not tiiiok he could walk homa.i>e ifuwt onpalat&ble to many. AsI trast that such persons will be able toTo oaa- class of persous,.who are always seeking to find soase new horror in the Slave•boat,'! do not address those truths, even though in their moulha they may be as s weet as honey to aa-mixed, butthe lndi:in stock•thareUsf, who dislike any reve'.ation of tbe horrorsCossxLiT,ticalthat makes r.on slaveholdlcg a condltioam the Cnurcb, and toat we are op-Its oane still on record ii. the world's book of crime -We«*aUsee.way.They are, (Communitycourse,approached Our city govermnert has granted leave to Jakzs dians. Col.purs'-liugtbe In-workshops; Bfti*titJam BOW TAUB roB staying the tcade. nalaanfar the suppression of the African Slave.enqdoyed. On Tuesday evening, March 6, a diffieajty oecvr- red between Green J. Maynatd and Burwall Maa- gum, attoe bouse of the former, to N.C- Tte American ship Cray Feather has just arrived, Just conirscied for a new church edifice. On Feb. 23 whlch resulted to the deato of the latRtaelre.ighM.ayaardthey digesthas nominally broken and down,in of $5.0G0. as formerly. placerhe Baltimore annual Conference of the Metbo- '.''.6'. Church has adopted toe followtog resolutloa:questionyearwh-th ocpins e&rlj- in Mav-and will continue for four"s> mpatoy with AtMlItionismare truths,predominales nunierlcaiiythem. to shriekplea^aiitover theSi'AMsii Snii'pi.Ni;;piogress among toe stodents of toat Revivals are also l&king place to variousmiliating spectacledisorganized squadare sent out here to,affaf^ta Mun their fine vesselsmft^ aach * magnificent return upon his Invested thwart the aims of the service. To such an extent vessels even now in the ncutial port of Montevideo.well can the Cuban, capiihl, affind to go to New-York and have a grandbyprivateanimositiesriver in anticipation, so that have eleven armed theyseventy- buggy,buried in the guano ol his own cargo to be carried four new members—forty-three upon confession of He died In toe vehicle before reachtog Us afflictedfaito, and thirty-one by letters. Some nme or ten of family."" saon pelaoely BtilLof the Postiuaster-fJeneral of eign — a to'.al of 72.406 tons. Tlie College, Tennessee, writes, nnder date of March S, were 1,638 Post-offices to operation, 72 having beansplttisB ;and thearound otbis cumuano, not one of which has oeen alioweu loretain her orlgiiral comiilement of officers. Upon linpeiial adversary. one vcEbe! there have been over twen 'y changes In heroiiiceis. Like the Kilkenny cats, they have to bewere (or for- shippedwives and mottiers. werethese, moslly publicly bap-report;merchant prince."—he, too, can behas this quarreling been carried on; that the Flag Officer of the squadron has had to make a completeWhile at fie same time the Confederation Isforw ard, on the other hand, private negotiations with Paraguay and Vniguay for united aid against thehome. He w-as highly esleemed.The coai mines in the south of Chili, during 1859,T&t ^tt ot profit Is certitnly a templing one irh^ van b no penalty, who would no', bito vp«rtfr. ^making shipmentlargest numter ot mines worked during the year wasthat a revival Is Inshitungthe penoneiie of the vessels underions31,8'K) ons.THZ WHYS AND WBKREFOKKSWUl «a$euitate somewhat lengthy expiaaations: leaving the wyrk to devolve upan tlie other tniec. I'orlUKUe.'C. That Is to say in language and earlier;Novemberployed, which was 1,077. In December largest annunt ofroal was taken out, say 9,675 tons.in Ohio and Indiana,The Annual Conference of tlic "Metho'list Epis. pcr postage is yieldlLg $60 000 per annma. Tto..•'^wltlaaMnllate the utterance of truths that can butTwo ot tae vesselssoon go to SiAdelra,river Plate are The of Brazil is Spanish. Empiregavethe laiaest number of hand's em-plBcestravel providedfor. It is estimated that toe newna-sepjratto.One steamer, just having arrived on the station, (and she wss supposed to be the best vessel iin the station,)govcrrment. Tue races in boUi cases are nol onlycopal Church of New-Jersey met at S.ilem on the amount ot sea postage accrutog toBittalafiowtaa The whole amount of wheat embarked from ports Uih iiist, Bishop MoRBis presiding. A statement was Ciinard service has of late been only $500 per aaallhto theporl ot Cadiz, Spaiij, to recruit her exhausted ener-goneI mention thefc thli gs reiuctinlly. solely bcr.;iusem-tde. en behalf of the Methodist Book Concern, togies.publii.ation1^57. \c'tordii»f; to '.:ils the i.'.i.n! i"i ,'f snips whs::!. ^:{l).of the>.'avyln doing the Muikor oiiii;,res>inf;lhe Slavc-traJ.e.s;--tv of t'le President ot Peru. IJoiivia and Peru are ' ii li.id '.eiiiis, and may even proceed to I,o.--tilllies.That this Conference disclaims baring toe leastot'AiK.gthe-- hivir upon tht-oi uar in Denmark.•kaHtaiof'tbeBtare-trade. Itevenwentfurther >rip—twa»made by the Secretary of State by dlrec- Itoa of <ka President, in accordance with a resolution frf tlw House of Repiesentatives, to even allow the Jight ef search. This proposition was rejected heBritish Government.and4iaTa'b«aa tlia favorite olaces of resort, I have now ness for the reception of her cargo. With this ert- judgment Supreme Court,common knife, marlc a the book.liirnself. and then"1 nave made knownwas not his.Wa not detailed hf,n onlyings he :Jld not Mtdlcal assistance was furnuhed.and the slaver wdt: numbers, thoughBlaine aud Diicfalgaa — The Cunadian Ocean Steaaieni and the Telegraph IjIuc ta Balle Isle Straits.CorresfOniiHCe of the New- York Tmet.colporterage. The voluniarjr contri'-utiona of the past year show a considerable tocrease.beauties of the new railroad system laan InsufHcient force iKietofofa, but that force has not been efflclentlyem- ploya4. A large portion of the Ume of our national ve*Mth dataUed for thU service, has been spent by thea la places of jjlesssntntss foreign to their field of do^. lladasla, the Cape de Verdes and the Csnarlescash down.manned by an American man-of-war crew, and car- number drawn w-as to take the coach. One of his ried to a safe anchutage, quite near the place wbsre numbers was among tbe last three, and before the she was to receive her cargo. Lett alone there, her final drawing the owner of the coach sold said num- ber for tipwaids of $1,000. it appears to have been the successful number, in the end. The purchaser in a state of forward- sued tnc owner of the coach, and the Judge gave general for the plaintiff. The how-la arariad a late instance of a MatH-'AlHeaa squadron lying forWe have noted your propositionsCanada the latter end ofcondi- ties to make thr> necessary arrangemeats for 1tal'.ia-'Shortly after she received her "t-Apoftla one of the above-named groups of cargo, scd bad nearly made her escape. A sharp--Wa great bugbear of African fever las I St a snflSclent excuse-tor thislangulsldngttapoataf Itls «B^bda.toeate|>tbitheback^Teund :sweet-scented ;;aptain of the Orion—a man, Moaa»s by name, th-- same individual who was male of her at6,4^1 35.435rrr.sii 21.459New -York.Both to the Order of belongRedemptor-to allow atleanv to Inxnrtote in Uienesa asdcouMryt •zpense. Such a thing aa returning an*TJ'J!*TM* •otbeen thought ofThe of powder dispatched was as proportionliberties of Norto America Ln particular, forbid theMissionary Association of-^eReformedDutehtheae people are trytog In vato to-.It princi-person's lifetime; ple upon the oocaalon of the capture of the Orion. scmi-arinual meeting. The Directors propose a divi-The subsidy to our ocean steam Itoelarge etaaa of self-styledgen- the time of her capture on her formerBritish North America, or thereof. Her ist Brotoers. They are Evangelists. any portioncovering toeytoe bedclotoes around tbe neck, which becoming tooflagship eightthe United months at ahad not for his iiutnber, and until paidas you Americans.about buying British North America, and, If anyand hope it will go on dotog good.' The Tieasury of theMay,be(lBBtl||l^' aB^S)il-been a.,- daty. If wecannot manige theeyed knew the "nature of the Englishman, however,"trade" to view—a I very Improbable thing.pleasure'" "^"» received, to riiape of duty, hasUie boarding Bntuh officer at the time o( hisMajesty will graciously t>« pleased to reply, that con-d^ rememberiaj^;lows, accordhig:to order to showCaurch, comer of Bleecker.ofor to* Board of Missions of the Juue. Instructions will be sent out to ttothe nicei;:Ue which <11 Ha ranks with materiel piledore Faiker'son March 11. Banday," chivalroustwo Ideas ob this icore wouldounce oi that, Isat theircruise—said tocapture, It Is like a game at cards—we have played hUn but (the English) have beaten us at our own g.^me " roaum most happy to state for the benefit of his New- York friend*, thai the gentleman Mosais and hisRKLIGIOLS SWVICES IS THIS CITT TO-KOBROW.'Rev. Dr. DoTY will address the Sabbath School warm, gets open or thrown off;:abyThe United States ship Wv 'pressprintedand anchor and off.crew suu-ienly got well, up Over-a widow 8Shaolcdagain,she was found with her slave deckAmerican Tract Society Iromfor foreign distribution. It betog herhis own subscription of $50. He writesadds 'We re-"sic erations connected with the happtoess of the hu- ^457 man race in general, and wlto the well being andand tto next.EnaSt-eTs'.''..'^'*""headofmanyofoarnavalmag- squallygentlemanlyassociates,thefirstandsecond Musketpowder;butThs Coast" station has been one lathtr mates, are now In irons and provided with quartershandkerchief around the neck before going to daq^Some doctors used to send consumptive patteBtStoaw-arm whonowadviseamorecoolB«o, ciimate,.han otherwise by our naval offleor* And on board of an AmeiU'an man-of-war. They will *S*rl2m^M*HT"*^°'"'=''y'««wassettm•oonboontheirwaytoNew-York,whenanoppjr-~J*»JJ«er**'.»»_Maderla,una-AJi,!s, ,t<ime..„„n^-nlZ.Cannon—-^-.-.Rev.H.GbattanGfisiiisswjU inDr. preachJudging byloafiftiBdaSiiitaly-.^'»'««TieBankof has'oonths at that beauteous Is claimed that there was a violation of that ^'alparalso just celebr-ated Itsis lo bo in-ture is of an» consequence comparedwltottoair:miles at sea (an unusual distance to make aof Chili by the cccslgncea of the vessel se-capture) overhauled and took her, msklngfor the Englisbmin agiving Master thatIt^^SS^fcSthr.n^" f»oy dend of three per cent, for the past six months. Somea A Dr. PACsia's Church, Fourto-aveaue, to the morntog, theybreatoe. I have known a numtor of persons who year (»416.00().) the- •=,>i«?-.«^. m^m^ ^'^v^^^*^ '--and to assist In pacing for esc^w. For lastaneo, the palm-«ll trade Is lit great be may ptiriue bis traflto with Impaaity. Far In-Lord CocHSAiia's crittclsma 00 Chili tbeence to toe Unitedsuies, and cont^'m' folioThe death o( Hon. I>wia CVnia was by tetegraphyeelardaT' IUJ«tetiMtatli|i^ ~'AMt ^qp ot lire stock. With a Portuguese or blind and favorite dlagalie of the slaver. Receiving:a slaver becomee after a short faraOlarlzed,futingtime of hisSiSraboard, flier sail for the point at his papers say at New -York, (for fiv»«izth5 of the sUy'°~siip<rearfO Inthosewaters he toknowthem na-'tmit&'';severe,tbeie, and, second, because he has not linoe been paidn .f*^*i.J2S'':n many towns, all had the same answer to the aues- at the Somb. lad pniinwd Uv ItA~.l^apjitpMiT*. ao4 ittenatsin theis to be sr- had,Have sail fron ihlpsthat he takes U a pott,)He was a aaUvasensible and and I may add, in this connc- out this stain so foul upon us, let us signify ourpaper mill that Is to be set up shortly by anbythesowingofrightatoneofwhich,wUhin stationknowofbutthreelegaltradersinthisbusi-qwelfledtime,hewouldreceiveacargoof ness. Contrarytosupposition,thereisnocompeti-t wODld safely carry that cargo to market tion between the English aad Americans in this of the age in which we live. Ten vears after Eng- or their surviving families.l^ifUSerent pointsalotofold is by-gone sailing vessels,a to make a for their cotm- meettog up subscription,arm of the naval service is small, lightay that the slaver's challenge was not ac- engaged in it. If palm oil be the principal screw steamer, and it Ii to be IniL^jmfitfClltA iUt«t lay up tbe Congo RiverBiwihilMBers lay at the mouth of that river,X«a4rInBh her when she got her cargo aboard. For number of vessels who crowd these seas, all flying millions of money, or else render it really efficientfromitslocal by supportersofFremont ThiswasttolartM. constltoencles stated and system-kdJifglfttttt, <pi,^m^il(^pam.current prices polifieiaBlallad oat iron land two vessels load-Geiu C. U. Jackson, a promintot ta essays on mtotog. geology, health of ry work, and toat the average cost of the Mission Alabama, died near Selma, Feb. 2t. Ha was toaator.and of coarse the slavers escaped. lw<a jwiHng merchant of Loando, an American, •'Otl«''4^^Teanls clearing from thU coast with tla<)MiiiiaM^ tweaty-Sve out of those eighty wouldImprovement;and,duringsix yearsbeen nearly $8,000.Peansylvaniaot the Alabama House two yesrs ago.The deathIfrom Genoa. He had to Italy to and goneim^Kmitgnaa,makes " Theofthe painter BaSit is annoaacaSjtraders are American, what on earth do the greatI8,I5« 1,141 togfreight an ordinary sized vessel. The oil is obtainedWar with BracII—Statlatlce—Gaa la Ta]- pmmiw — Canuaerclal-SMpptng—aUeeel" laareas.C*jretfemience af the Neut-York Ttmss.VixpAXAiso, Thursday, Jan. 19, 1860.ments relative to mtotog, statistics of pioducUons of represented that furtoer asslstence is requisite to ena-mines, general notices of mines to operation, and ble Ihe Presbyterian Board to carry on tbe missiona-IMteUMt<lfeaptore thatwouldbea.largeper Lettherecordscfthepastspeakfortu.:theywin OurlatestintelligencefromtheRiverlaPlatais ;willpayIsdoubtful.BcasAssiKO BsAvo has recently made a donation of:two denomi- the Moravians are some- timescalled' UnitedBrethren,'butneverthe'United Brethren to Christ,' which is toe distinctive appella-Bta>6«.li^aor. as others call It, the Banda Oriental, the capitalof which Is Montevideo, is another. Then, of the re-c'otogSo is the Cloda^ which even goes south to Chi- Presbyterian Church, (Old School,) at Rochester, be of t inland, wito 6,644 square miles, toe latter aloae-IhajffUlly^dneto piracy has been inflicted upon thethe harshness that we are ; that we are beginningto stink in the nostrils of decent nations as avery;'tt woDid not reach that figure, perhaps." IH« FBOFITSare so eitormous that were the risk of casualty thrice what it now Is, there •found wanting numerous vessels mannedsay " almost nothing," and I can scarcely hope for that a prospect of difficulty existed between Brazilthe totetest ot which is to t>e CityHospital.Moravian Church. Even to these name,aa8CBIiI.AKEOI78.JljDtteof theLying in the valley of theto try persons known to have takento the revo-tion or denomtoatlon of]anything better for the immediate future. We have and the Argentine Confederation.Probsbly yourThe of Academyheard of a slaver captured now and then by an Amer- ican cruiser, but such a thing is like an angel's visit—readers find tbeof thatpolitics part continenttbe result of the examination Into whicha tiling of man; fews and far betweens. BahI to engage in it. Although the law upon us—we are iustly stigmatized as a nation of lUver la Plata and on its branches, there are about^ passed on one hundred ar.d seventy. Most of them been called, have an origto which, so far as nation- sian Empire. He gives an area to Russia, laobiitBB are already absent—havtog fled the country. But it ality is concerned, is purely American, and of recent Siberia, but not Mant~cbou-rla and the smwarlstnosdate." on toe coast of toe Pacific, of K»,900 <tolSiJMOer.I flw trade piracy, slave traders know fuU slave-traders; for it la solely tmder the color of our sixteen Provinces, or as North .\mericans would call JTQWre is no risk of life attending their nefa. flag that a traffic is carried on which ought to damn them. States. Of these, Paraguay, furthest north, is Ttoi^jpinalt, If so done under the flag of the United any nation, tongue or kindred engaging In it I can a separate and independent Government. Uruguay,is probable none will be executed.The American steamer Bio-bio Is maktog regularsingle instance be pointed out where scarcely wonder that we are judged abroad withtrips now, twice a month from this to Taicahuano.alavah' .Aad If there be no risk of life attendingalaa^iCiiwbeB the chances of gain are so great, whyInconsistent people—a people which allows Its to maining fourteen Prcvtoces, a Confederation wa^ flagbyany account of Sunday. Neither do the steamers of such Commissioners lo the Assembly as may find it Ireland. The sum total of toe populatton lantaala tabe prostituted to a baseT8l^ which lies in the root of all evil. If this be not A spaemodic shoW of zeal has ot late been made his cruelty, ruled fearfully for twenty years till hisPresijterhia says: "The pastors, of that city, w-e understand, are verysat lij^a little money for the sake of that great sal-SctlHptal or Whatelian logic, it certainly is in ac- manifest by the present Administration, and it has fall In Ibi'Z, when he was defeated by Uaqnizs, tbeprovinces to Europe; 4,85a,0»Sto Polandcoidaoee with the creed of a very large class of per- aoas la our country.heralded forth to the world its magnificent declara- leader of a successful revolt bisI-may state with safety, that the average proEt,the Province of Buenosthough Rev.Morris C. Sctphkn, of the"Mr. Ben-" tion of its determluatlon todown the Slave- thetyranny. becomecommunity, ofesttogclvisionsof the population, ascording to race, langunge and creed, are not given.ptlTpose.l3M,tIt:In that discon- over aad above all expenses, upon each negro landed aad it has entered upon the serine of its duties, and tented and stood aloof from the Confederation. Thepea If its start is indicative of its future tfce coast of Cuba, Is between three and fourputtrade." A new siiuidron has replaced tue old oneattempttime,A letter from Greenville, N. C,I wouldtiiadp)8 doUara. I am taking tbe average of a cargo. not give much for Its efficiency. There has been a Buenos Ayres to Parana, in the interior, on the river.jsmiQ May.congregation of the new squadron at this place wljhin the pa£t two weeks, and we have witnessed the hu-ai'oi^d give a return of at least three hundrea thou- far from working amicably in the discharge ot the Im- question, the new one rises between the strength-and of w-elght goods, 2.555,135 pounds;Piainfieid,Rev. Dr. TnoE^wxLL and Rev. Mr. Mallalt werewhen a match failing to bum readily. Mr. May, sup- posing it had gone out, went to it and was to the act t'f blowing it but before he could retreat toe match.XetW pot it at theSaest mark—three hundred dol'ttdoes not reqnre the intellect of a Newton toilecenlly. after a battle on ttie question, the refractory state of Buenos Ayres has consented to resume its position as an integral part of the Argentine Coii-; i. e., " cordage, cables and mixed poods." an tocreaseefiinic-noy rottenTne relations of "tueConfereiiCccourse,capitsl was, therefore,removed fromthe City of Tbe exports from threat Britain to Chill for the year byterian Church ofended Oct 31, 1569, 01 measured goods.was .•i5,;71,854 Columbia. S. C. recently held a meettog, at which others to bursttog some logs by the aid of gnnpowder,Fallinghospitalmer site to the interior of the Callc de Sau Francl-'co.for the contests of tliC coming season.PHR^ONAI..Hon. A. B. Meek, of Alabama, well known as anai:toor, a cLesa player, and a politician, has takea hit!oatthe captain and crew of the slaver successfullyimitated sickness, and begged earnestly for assis:-ance, both medical and to aid In getting their vesselinto poit The wan', of sympathy spokea of by Tal- •The decease of the wife of Don Ga^uoaio 0«» ir. POL-ED, with his dying breath, may uot, upon this occa- Santlapo, is rr.eniioned tn the papers, at the aere of 35. sion, be m&tie manliest. Tnc feeling Americans were A curious question, has just been deci'Jed^ln San- touched with compassion at tbe sigh: of the suffer- tiago, by the Supreme Court. A German nut up athepurfose. He then cut typethingsdenre against her, the flag officer took her in cnarge, InvcsUgttteUhercase,anareleasedher. Thesequelregarding the shipping ofChldans as seamen on board beast," e/id was on his track, gave chase, and 2U0 loreign vessels. This can only be done for ports outpartly laid,:eurltv to the sa'Jsfactlon of the Harborwith which the Engli/ih and nice pUe ofprize money. 8S8 amount said seamen shall be taken care ol in said foreign the Provtoclal Parliament) forMultiply by25,inek daiJI^aMOId be well to reorganize our narnl received per head for captured slaves, and you haveiand shall be returned to Chili. The Is to objectNiagara,notices of motioa," to be brought forward ifEev. Dr. Tamer, ofslipped through the hands pro- of the Americans. It need not for aIt would be car-pulpitThe penalty ol shipping one without Uiis free requi-site is a fine on consignees of »100.>ot MaWanflBa. The laal taason of tbttabsence from perhaps they did nou i omitted to mention that the The amount of powderln Customs warehouses pn-sfew Catoedral the past daysto crowded audiences-AaliMlir Mmpeteat to deal wlOKsdisease which is moment be sup- posedthattheAmericansgottheiaughonthem,for,tosucceedhim. The latter gentleman Is a son of Chancellor Walwobth, ofIbefcvoBot PoUHcil 1iUcalsunk to a low, unquietlike unto a sound hearmdoaonintgSe murmmiSddrle itmeat The Board of Works reeemnead steamer be commlsaioaed to examtoe. next Wiater,.There is a need fofa revision of the law*„cent deetractlveIn Africanwithwaters, the different men-of-warto Philsrtalphja, aa«ekH:ciaaecT loara to InflueacTrahi^ta pTeathave beenRentSaUrtc*PettleeUse of futnitoie, 5Ideep Is quiet, and ItsMoneyed Interest raises lu note of alarni.«ndthat adeath-penalty to any one convictedLos Angeles. The reason of this backward movementTaAnw, enDembisr ofthe motalag U T^ri^ai*^^^^^"''''^g inflicted upon any slaver was never, and never willhi not publicly known. It can hardly be they haverar to Insure conviction, and men would be guardedatrout engaging in a buslnees which would conslcn totbeearnestness by sending to the West Coast a andadequateforce. TheIdeaofsendingthere,asmanagement of Prayer meetings was inaugurated at toechasing cralt,ridiculous,andaninsulttothecommonsense land'and France, we begin to discover that an efficientnow a seat ia the occupiessimplyHonsa. Aftar hU-: meat Mr. Levto did aot make a pnaiiaeatnothing;take a awaysquadron which Is costing usTo France, to quintals....1i:c enllie slxtetu provinces of the valley of theinstitution.added duitog the year\Europ'jan.—Ti:e latesttics of the .Sf-anish nierclii;nt service N for theDonMAsiiL T. VasT* hashere from Bo-and ni'nn.-d liy liiO.O'.i) seamen, ^i;ll•l i^'J the i,uii.boi of sh.ps anu t<>iiimi,-o:i.mou,-.tim; lo •J,7IJ,iiM lo:. .I do not slavers Is done by the British. They take six slavers had Umost doubled. It was tiien 11, '>-.Ji vessels, and t'oes soon to Santiago to commence the woii, also from;I'iice 15It is a lact that the oulk ot ttie work ofIs Sitniiago goingfor-determinedcnpturiugaddlMMMBtself, for the sweetness in the mouth of one to our one. There is no rubbing this out ; all of the 1,4»1,248 tors.body niemberkhip€>f tha.inflic with sn exceedinggreat dislike,that end of the Itoe.Somebody Is writtog a series of articles criticizing(fI'osec to any inquisition upon tbe motive undsriytog Ihe relation of master and slave."•KhaWpsuedo phtriotism we may indulge in, and all of the hlgafalutjjig talk we may give vent to, would not mise it otherwise. Theie is not a month but what one or more slavers, wiih cargo aboard. Is capturedThe increase between I85(i and IW?, for one year only, was upwards of 2, WKT vessels, OSO.OlKUonnaco.ftaraess in the belly of another. 1 wish a trsilig wtth leaKxiable, moderate, thinking people, aiaw.-1! e clrection and of the road present plan•where:Tuesday,ceriaiuly 8<>inething'itlon. licv. Messrs. MARr-EacK, Kp..».M«a,Tjioax. Mattufws. Vassasi and Chew were eluded to toe oiTioe of U'ders.Additional i.uclhgencr of the progress of therevival to Wales is (urnished in a letter to the 04-eener. It Is stated toat the number of converts tohave not at band the figures of Chilian shipping. 'Wfeyahould the traffic be perpetuated? have we by B.'lUsh cruisers. Furnished with a fleet of small, But it is exceedingly insignificant In any such com-yeurs, they captureKtmJaally we have, and in reality we have not. ills ter o! work anil .«[f-interest. And, indeed, they Jo DC set town at COO each. These are commanded for that they are not engineers themselves.liable sources, ihat 'JS.OttO been added to the ^-iveWelsn Calvlnistlc Churches, It is adrjed, that the instances of ba'kslidij.g are ver}- rare mdeed, both to Ireland and Wales.A nc'.v Church has been organized at Csmden.N. J., being a colony from Rev. Or. Stewast'saud latterly at the State Almstouse.BotOfeat Britain, with her strong Anti-Slavery pro- cUnties, leat her hand to the work of suppre&sio:: ; Yes. Why not then blot the- nitsty thing o-.u— A-iiy i-jJan. 31. irom the south confircns tbe rumor that the armv hai retraced Its march, and hadworkthe alertLynx-eyed, tliej rtog every suspicious looking cr^ftII. e must pail liy foreign Captains. There are a lew naup,.5. suKic English, now and then an Americau,iieiiitentiaryis to be e»ected in Ohio totheir steamers are acd on constantly cruisingValparaiso.;there is no sh-<im about irielr movemf*nts.Our latesttotelMgencetrada mm aaarlv valueless and Inoperative. The cordant Soutiiern element In their Navy, wuose wisn deai rough. Th< citv council is a bharcho!der in cf variousOf these, 57 were ships of-warPresbyterian Church of Easthampton, L. I. remarka- ble lor its line of faltoful acd successful pastors, hasooBvaat entered into between Great Britain and the Vallirt atalea, la the year 1842, stipulates that a force—w ho would wink at tbe traffic and re^ico at Its sucsess. They are luinl^hed with a set oi admirably adaptedthat It reaps little share from the profits.i~;e Presbytery of Island met and a Long organized1alties.In like manner the drug-stores Are promised athorough overhauling.bay.SOL'TH PACIFIC. *H-0.>I CANADA.ever, reve, sed the decision, on the ground that heitWe Canadians are some" on bunkum as wellof toe National Tractjoice ta all toe success more and more Society,"St the beginning oiI6S9 was Introduced in IBMToulDispatchedBalance In store 1960.pravtog thatto different kindsHunting powder. Mlnlrg powderpowder Cooib fowder.West Tenth-streets, I",472 as is consistent wito toe feeUngs and toterests of her Rev. Dr. HoGi will preach the Anniversary Ser-they were hnpnirent. Thejmrtti^fm,mwere often pro- martyii to the principle of right of search. I oelleve packiges reckoned pounds each. the States of Matoe and Michigan, or either of them."Church, evening.tnnlty will offer to give them a publicreceptionasThe are at25receive a proixrtrttion for the by Canada of acquisitionin WestTwenty-second-street,to toewhat1haveobserved,neUhertempera-"CommTworkshopforatermofyeanoraNatlceeKev. Dr. afKaellclaaapayThe last" " Inaugurated by which," he said the mountaln-(>ar- riers of toe Norto are to be overieaped by the Flre- in Vrrmont, inclosing a donation of $5 to the borse. aril the santis of the Souto are to glitter to toe Ii|btofh:s Ilas.llrg eyes." Mr. Meek retired imme-allowance ofon the1 ,176 ounces of gold to ban.I slaver lay at her anchor, apparently the American flag ? All of them are assumed traders This we can do. Let us throw down the gates and per cent export dutv. Committee be empowered to consolidate aU toe his deato was daily expected.atled, nntii one fine dark night, having in palm-oil. Vessels supposed to be engaged in this say to the negro, •' Get you beyond the waters and be m**» "gaad ready," she took in her full cargo of trade, upon examination, are generally found to have the white man's slave," or let us sav, "Arise andder wcdgh, passed quietly and unseen clearance papers from New-York for eight or nine !•• two gnardshipa, and was soon beyond months, when any one outside of the New-York •ariMMrpanolt Custom-houseoughttoknowthatunderthemostfav- MiMM|ta4sn«r was captured In this vicinity by a orable circumstances it would require from fifteen to SiMMMtoMn,faavlBgatallcargoaboard. Almost eighteenmonthstogettogetherasufficiencyofoiltoA5JU. CaisTi, a political prisoner to Coquimbo, re- movemenu of this character now to progress. John F. Bacon, Esq., Ex-Unit«d States COMal cently made his escape from jail for parts unknown. The Missionary Convention, recently held in at Nassau, N. P., died at that place Feb. 25, agadn-A German newspaper for distribution on this coast, this City to consider the condition of toe ChocUw He was a native of Massachusetts_at AM Maakan of the capture, right before the eyesvery slowly, and at the date of my writing is not to Being out of coal, the steamer be had. Let Government instruct its able officials atthe New-York Custom-house to disUogulsh between oil- cask stavea and water-casks, and it will have done one commendable thing.WBAT IS SOW DOUG.;began tto piaa- 38 years Clerk of toe New-Yoik Senate.every wayconfused.were onization referred to.The Uidted Brethren toChrist,'formed many years ago, over which Rosas, famed fora new Glory, even thatagainstto reconstitute tlic Government atAyresthatweredone,.A decree has just been issued by this Government resolution should(wrtsprevent the destitution of Chilians in foreign por.s."on thethe action of Congress calls for It. ried aJmost unanimously.Philadelphia, occupiedTlieo-carryingThe annualCanada sutes toat on toe 1st of October, 1859, ttotaol statis->ir!ved>ct far years kept a national police force standing fust-Sdlling steairiers, manned bv officers and men parison. Tue number of merchant vessels carr>ing l.LOvn, who is the whose allotted tiiue on tills dfadty coast is lour and Fugl'sh.iMtore tte very portals of Slave Land ? Yes, anJ no. fi-,e make the of slavers a mal- this llpg is aoout 300, und the average tonnage may They are signed ** Certain Observers," who atfirm Wales, is great it is known to a certaintv, from re- Salem, but has recently l>een livtog SomerrUle,scinf. l-'renchmea. and a much rtul so forth.good many Germans, Danes, •which lalls in intlrbeloved in tills Jeleclaoleevery one, aside from Ihe blacK population, is eittierdiicctly or indirectly interested in tne Siave-trade.in sou,«: things they have t'le advantage over us, and years. We p»y lor our gas now at the rate of $u a The number of ships lh.at entered this harbor to heEce tlielr greater efficiency. They have no dis- lanussnd cutic feet, whRh ail tbat pay count to be 11:59 was al<mt l,i.uu.of.ibe Iror'.tier Instead nfiJAr.itosA. however, had overhs'ilcd thenedriyWAtaaa to set re* gas-worss, and lay gas-pipes iliioughout llie c:ty, provided It be done witnio threea can be tbstetime rewprison srected, wU-toatIs tc perpetuate the trurtic, and who would tliruw ob- tlic present Company, tut tlie knowing ones Intim&teflags.st-dcles In the way of the of slavers captureWe have a Board of Medicalbrtotring feriiia.alargenumber ofpassengersfrom Cali-new Church at Amagansett, with 30 members.was arrested. ThePost-officeDepartmentcautionsthepublicLxaminersand, In Republic, wherelHlatanA^Vntted States have not usaaliy kept thii' vessels for the prosecution of their work, and well do there Is a reijular piiysiciao already, a newcomer oluUon Is at an end. Extraordinary powers belong Indians in British America, lately delivered a lecture against toe swtorlsr Wade, who pretends to be theThe British force has averaged for the they use ihem. must undergo an examiuauon before the Board, just still to the Government till November next, but there to Detroit, an account of labors among agent of estates left by deceased persons in England Mrs nineteen vessels and one hundred \ ou have, doubtless, bad the case of the notorinns now an older has been issued to look Into the matter, Is no disposition to employ them unnecessarily. givtog l^is to heirs in this country. This swtodle has alreadyOrion before you ere this. The history of this veuel and see who are acting as practitioners without right Mr. KTCXM4IC is still acting American ConsuL that people, and exhibited a portion of toe Bible been e.\pcse-l.af iilthe two nations.ttatdsf, tkatit Crit led the way by legislation to the the hands of the captain of an American steamer, the list is prepared each is warned of the legal pen- here. The hospital has been removed from its for- lie had reduced to wrllirg. invtritfirnogm rlw-oHro-d:rtwe^isth(oar ing to pieptrejgaf^al'be ontheCoast. UatUof keptordertoprsctlceinanytiiwiioftheTlie hope is now generally eioressed that the rev-Rev. Mr. Hurlbctt, a Missionary among thetgnat. Let it be said, however, to the is aillustration of the different to do so. A list Is to be prepared of all such in- Raud is his waysThe former t'rinted to the language of toe Cree nation, one ofConsul,Dr.Taa- Therritkrters"fPitlsburghIravelirhl a meet-r of the Ooremment of our of of countrygoodworking adopted bySecretary.into uuders. They are said to be numerous. And when vrrr, has the for seamen, and still remains the tribes in the Hudion Bay region. T;ns larigua^-fi;yards.Coronel. into put^ rcoDdiUonof toe:S^*"?'" • Waldavia, ocoaatoned by the re-dhlaarnborstbeanmoetrsopea all toe setaosont.hatIfpesne, —of,^Z'.?MIO5 men had maTrecrrhietdoryu,nder ViuAioir, Dwlevibdeeaar°l*«,*-"«'-»tieetAinertca, are crOTTded sethem filled with palm-olL These he fills at New- search, and he Is safe. An AraerlcaQ vessel, with In the JUfUttdtl Pacifieo, a recent article by Dr. tloo. How do yon thrive t The dress, toe muu- a"na aad Keatnchy. The PI cargo aboard, having the American colors flying, Ram urges that coloalzitiaa t* the only proper, fair enaaee, the whole appearance of them all, answered lBtheyearl84Shsaltaehed_ Tork with water for ballast. The law requires only o^ght pass under the very- guns ot a British man-of- and pracUeable method of redudag the ladUa tiihee be queiUca, wttoout tbe help of a word. But same- Icanlsau ana if he was not flwgets and their Pursued at sea, he knows his pursuer byhas beenfirst on bad score ofmanagemeatprosperous, for oflarge tionality.number of casks for the oetanalble pmrpose of having sight, and hoists a flag wtilch exempts him from what he considers his due for past •errlcei.~a certain number of sratar- casks in vessels trading war unmolested. The latest Instructions to the at the South. War is depteeated. Romish islsilons iimes,uni'artun«teir, I got aa uglr peepbehiad the la that year, he was at least aau«c Hw bhI•i^tj^^dlto"*iql polpHi^vf stoppage of por-wbo >n to be delivered to tbe Coast. 3nt the slaver stands ready with his British cruisers on this coast from the commanding are consideied a f&llore, and bow trade, tillage and soenes." tlalofiuftMBders. lIiU&vtahaeMHlBM««tda ipMited night Thatnlgbt excuse: tboee casks are for palm-oU. Now, It Is aofficer on this station run about as follows: " Not civilization areof ar- recommended. The tone theUnder the title of " Theof the Omtf San aboat (hat ttwa, aad m^U Duty the Day," Eev. the ergaa jotaUy of Native AmanealiDito OB hand, tad in a few hours boud and standing out at sea Cu- of the negroes Is sometimes iJpkktiMn being always refractory onea Theae an usually ironed or madewith ram, and thus got to aea. TH» CHABOn*e trader's ftror to one against him. |nafewItemaofevidenoetosubatantlatethe MMrtion, which have come under my own ob-to captote, visit, or In any way to Interfere with ticle Is fair.well-known fhct on this Coast that real palm-oU United States vessels, whether those vessels have We have two pitottog-offices h^re. The half of itiu : "casks are brought out in staves, put together, andslaves aboard or not" I do do not say that these In-one, the Afcrciino, was sold some timeOCO. The other, the Camercxo, has been recently dls- [x)sed off to Albaso, a friend of the Government Par-Let every Christian citizen consider whetoer he is dotog his part to the great struggle that has aow begun, for the unity of States, and toe stability ofwhitewashed inside and out just before receiving the "; I believe they have,OIL This is what Is called the cask doige." TBI PALX OIL DODOI.lysubjectgreatest Ignorance prevailsJuly of tbe sameyear, at tae tlaie of the Uaotea^kA word as to this palm oil trade, for it bears strong-who bids fau to succeed welL Nearly all printingmaterials are now brought here from tbe UaltedSlates, being preferred on accountof finish and stylerenarally. This change has been wrooghl within a toe Oove^cment. In such a period, poUtijsl todiffer- at the Chtuch of St. Philip da Hart, laoriginate with the Slave-tradiog interest, whose wUhIs to mislead the public mind. A few large tradingvessels per year ccnld carry off all of the oil produced reasonable, if we are going to be In earnest in wipingto thein the provtoces, to preparation onlystructions have not been violated1 would extend tne provisloDS of the law, and makethose having capital invested, and those Indirectly interested In the traffic, equally amtaable with those navigating the vessels carrying tbe live cargo.agoNomancanbeguiltlesswho street,Soothwilk. Oa«iatooeastaa1U.&a<l aU tbe of Us:material so handy for a slave deck. A viola-lew years Poiraerly nearly everything of the kind ence Is an ImmoralitvcamefromFrance.ItiswelltbeAmericantype- lendshimselltowrong,orwhoneglectstogivehis hisosnpiowen atoqaenoatoraMMattalonnders have oerome better known.whole tofleence to toe right We make these sug- period Mrp.arLteivsatnos.waDsnrtog tbe1 Wi11tlhliiHiaiMn„An advertisement chase of paperlor tbe ragsgestions just now because this is toe seed-time notantirtiig. pah tongue be labored nrttooaSa£Mkappearsfor pur-papers cf theyear, but of our political harvest WeuaesaslBgly AmeriCBDism. He was aaioorttoeaDistrict to rapreseat Congress, fieservedirtthendttfeself from IB4S to and Ue 1847,The subjects of the Queen of Spato have just calledtbe Union1847 ti>1iR.*atarticle of export, and there are but three legal tion of those Powers, tn the cou'se of time we To England, In qutotals $1,201 $22,954 $9,)P4 to toe aggregate a General Committee of Corre- meettog Nattooal Hall, srhloh brato an taayear 1859, werewill have there ihe only really effective vessels on To Hamburgh, in quintals. the African Station. Let us do soaiethlng or do ToUnltedStates.lnqutotalscanpalaaUM, «draft, hoped that:swift Imita-HitL, gave an order to back the enginesthe boatjured,complatoedthat;was chugbt under the wheel, and tbe Danish Captainhl^SS.WOpo.-ts, (Peru and Botivia.) and 40,.'V97 fur Chilian'••• fortti l^i^t 'ii' II Ill TTiBiiih IBil hlB«rCoppaf. Begoliu.Or««." may a at>iel<;edditto, of 1,412. This was ;n December. 23 galleries,in the Bay of Talcahu»no in 1869 was a6,0iJ0 quin- tals, and of flour ITU.tH'.l ijulntals.the eilect tiiat a daily paper will be published durtng liv-.-i, baii-lied by Preri''ent Livakes. as an emis- the se.-sinn of the General Conference at Buffalo,;ti«d Rev.Dr.McMi.u.«ir, President of StewartThe work ou itic raiinav toward beyond tjuiilol:i. Mr. Ll. yd, ti:ft Engineer,not to bold connet'lion with eccieslat- anyand ar- 3ili:gthata more feasible route can be obtained tiirough Melifilla, according to ruugti surveys ma-ie ^'V Col. Bliss, an and fnsvAusa. a French-man aamed.F. Allen, whose reason has been destroyed by epilep--American,nian. T.he^e artii les are haish and rw'e towardsilie various denominations of ortoodox Christians In ticfits,was run over an at toe Sooth by enginedfpttsavages once more, and killed &0 of them; but still ue had retired from the iB'erlor of their territory.church, and toe fruit of his aud his people's efforts toleast 4U0 that can be neltoer sccuiad norsuch a admit— we have toe followtog resolution ready. It is tbe pro-Is to asUtcment of one of toe Secretariesomine Is at anchor in theleave of toe Speakership of the Alabama House. In ol their brother, aad they withheld not their aid. coach and harnesses for raffiing. A man bought two Tbe Canadian Farllameut Proposing to Bny as slandtog in need of a more extended system of his valedictory address, Mr. Meek dwelt upoB ttoQczBXC, Taesday, March 13, IStK). 'lastmite,pass Congress havingReformed Dutch Churchtion. An officialdeclares toat toe contributions are nearly $1.3000 less than for the corresponding month of last year, andduction of Mr. the M. P.P. ofSiMPsoic,(Member less Ihrm one hun-opoo" Address to Her JIajesty the Queenin toe eveiit of recei-.ing anv I'tutxiiitiou from theCongress of the United States for the acquisition ofFatoarWalvvop.thisexpectedHealth.Meet men, when gcnng to sleep, take off thewore to tto and then tuck ta day-time,:OnMarch a 9,fol- p^^..,727 subjectsluNortoAmerica,toeQueenispreparedto monfortheSabbatoSchoolofWestminster^^M^. .-' ---^/« m.te Ifangwcfc tto^ gjiw»att> MkMi it, iw ,TWi.wtth aaefcieaarbettertheala IkaiofeetDatrfaeWT.Tktteowaahiatoff thaofaaraM«(?t affecdog aAMta the yeartyftliwalealtaat,aadloag 1?,eatladieeUteew-home,andpeeSlTihenaitedOe- SUieeottht to be able to iaam"TotmiMi^ aoif iSiC^WriuM to..lUIts 0(1 Uma to^,- i^PrdOtandloei-fbc expea«M of the Bank'fes.;:—•'. --TCmwDmnMtdtKoftkmalongChttis>htaTWrty-««irth.rti4«.Ear. Dr. Sawtie will preach before^M^^U^^Protestant and CatT ollc o'Svlsloo. of toat raye. The inilial psj^of th. series gives a general Hew of the wrt:eV'seiiieri-•» aU tbe mnltltudes whoWtitiaaji^. of Chlil<i#Wi,AH«BaTWA»»BixoHiB writes in this week's «. /edepm- ance. On theneauiraUa Moadir, Marff, -w.—. LevtoWBsmaklagaapeach In lbs ailtat hSvS Keastogtoa, when the awatlBg to yam adZSw was filed upon, aad BUfflerTEUaadoUar w4 aSS ty, for $i3,(iiio. A third office has been commeoced by Federal Government on the basis of Justice aad Natives were killed aaa eraalad aattr MMlsta. an enterprising young German, named HaLtuun, Liberty. Goa has blessed him In no ordtoary de- This act was the eommeaeemeat af tto MiHaaarlwwfor $40,-gree who is permitted to engage to toe evoIuUon of prtoclples and the settlement of a policy, which is tot second In Importonce to toe very inauguratioB ofrlUerlota, murders aad ohnieb-bimlaiB.wHAdla- graced Philadelphia to May, 1844. toTSriapaala^13,099 18,239 atic information. 2. That this Committee have pearsnce of Mr. Levin to public. He has baaa i^ ToUi value, $365,000, Host of these articles pay 5 power to call National Conventions. 3. That the declinmg stote of healto for tto past few yeiia, atoshine, for thy light has comeof the Star of the West has risen upon thee."ADDITIONAI, VnOSl CBII^I.Felitica apon the lUver Plate—Preepecta af man named Lisoia. It is to give all public docu- Mission upon toe sympathies of Christians. It isamong the many Germans who live on It has just tlce of toe law at to this;State, aad-woftrbeen commenced at Lima. The editor's name U Mission, appototed a Committee to solicit aid for thatAlbany,IlAixn.A mtoing and metallurgical review has recentlyenterprise. ThisCommittee,consistingofMessrs. M06IS Allxk. Robxbt CxBTia and Thos. A. SxiTfi, have issued a ctrcolar forto the claims of theBev. Beuben Emerson, senior pastor of tto Caa-eregatlooal Church at Souto Readlag, Maai ilad htoat March SO. Hewasplace 11, aged aattltaiasaat-tor of Ue church to 1804,t)een proposed for publication to Copiapo by a French-setting;workmen and means for theirfinally, translations mto Spanish from foreign scien- tific journals, viz.; " Of North America and Europe,hastoe lastA letter from a Koravian incorrection of a common errorenna and Berlin." This Is excellent but whether it United Brethren to Christ' are a disttoct body o^ Demidoff, died at Oenoa, to his SMt year.especially of Madrid, Paris, Freyburg, London, Vi- toe 'to tbe Courls-martlal have been held recently to Copiaponations are not Identical$3,000,applied;lution a One hundred anapart year ago. ntoetythe other Christian organ- 'followtogChristians; andmaynotbeconfoundedwitothejafai PriaeaSt Petoraboig has piiliHihiiiithe well-known sUtistician, has gvme wito 1the docket. According to law, sentence of deato was or 'German Metoodlsts,' as they have sometimes the true area and amount of population of tto Iman sauare miles, each of which is sIt is suggested that a daj or two preceding the Englieb square miles. To tols musetqatao^loadiadtto well. The Potynerutn Is on the same route meettog of the ensutog General Assemcly of the Ktogrom of Poland, wito 2,320, and the Grand Sachr_andyet.loe. None of these boats, I may here mention, make passed in prayer and conference, to be attended betog consequently larger than Great Britala aadthe Pacific Steam Navigation Company, running to Panama. It might be well if the owners of theselines, residtog, as many of them do, to England and favorable to toe arrangement, and we feel assured in FinlandAmerica, knew this fact. If a commandment is ob- that it would not only ce a delightful season of Chris- 3,778,157 to West and 1,088,561 to East Slberto hgatury to New- York or Boston, or in Liverpool and tian reunion, but toat the influence would be m^st finally, S4,000 in .America. The important aad toter- Southampton, then 11 ought to be resuected every- happy on toe religions toterests of thatwhere. But men do things thrcugfa their agents here aud on toe ensutog sessions of toe Assembly."which they would not do at home themselves,probably il here they would practice the same dere- CoUsgplicilon from sourtd .p.-incloie. New-Jersey, has recti led a rail from the First Pres-piBcticablo to be present Theii^vifed to becomeis a convert from Ihe Roman Catholic Church to Ire-vvcel.s.V.VH- leporttd to be in a nlgbly satisfactory con-that tbe Is 30. (lOO to 35.000. coimiiy. dii.-ing pa.=t year,P'.iiii;? Ihe i':'>l year, tlie Diijlo Scjicty o.'' Cbarlcsion. S. C. has gratuitously distributed 439 Uibles and 379 Testaments. The So'jieiy is reportedTlie ObscTveT has the following item gyman•'anJ stands that out of four hundred churches,dred and fifty have been heard from at all.Father Damon has been preaching at the Detroittoe honor of coaveytnatto pilnoa.and1,575 HerMajesty'sappreciationoftoetradingpropensity intheafternoon,andwillpreachtotoeeveningon whichIswortomoretoanapoundofcure. te.gty...idea of acceding thereto1,514 ot Congress, and toe willtogncss to todulge it so far The iltssumat Amoy.creased to jClW,0flO currencyMw>^»Die^ar^X^it^.lVf'"'^"'-Whowould TbenaityBritllhersoughttobemadetomindtheir thinkasgoodascouldhavebeenexpecte<l,conslder- subsidyof^"2,500($10,000)IstobogivenloiheMon- andattheAcademyofMusicintheafternoonand havegonetopu.'eair,tovariousplacesofabout»e »lIrgw hile others are discontented. Dec. 31year past, gave a bet-treal Telegraph Company for extendingnext It week, except Saturday, at Dr. Bi-20BAai.s colds toat appeared to be kllltog toem.afcarfccothe'exiic to t hedrearv r,. .,«w,„rtfMvtag a season in aSpr-ng, tn a land where the air i. au'T-??t„.own bushMM.Arm CAPTTBK.Ihe ctnimcrclal character of the halftheir Une from FatocT Point to the Straits of Belle Isle, by aever.tog.Mr. G. will alsopreaah evaiT evening of same temperature, all of whom tove keptwsU?f«=ent of thee.lB«s are^"°"*'y«"i»»oclaUaE», whose very name, likfr^'t'^IIi""--^.-'ir-. *-X^^cu:e''„f'' ^r^J"pver-bloon,lo« A":*,' 'j,^; up to that Republic, wtddl eoatarU them into pass- A^vaaces o! accounts currentin Tbirteerto-street can }lP!?'Tf,i„»y, to be l»d: a land ofgiveeffcctso toat there U no reasonable doubtthe evening, being the conttauatioh of his course of lectures on toe Proi^kectea.giorTsubsidy beingboa toe sir pre' {(um passing to the Hoad,We make the best dlspodtion of the slaves cap-tured, sending them to Llbarta, aad delivering them Id the vaii'.ls, cashChurch,4328,267 submattoe cable 600 miles long. The re.'olutlons Rev. Dr. Thompson will diacoursc of " I'hilistia, impurities which accumulate when toey •''.JifiDatahle colonists, who to thna (It the w«tfc of clvUiziogand eend theirNotes discounted Notes overdue MortgaMe* BealesuteiM7,'u4 107,117$ 89,538 a.lJOand toe biU to to tbcm has been latroduced,Idumea," Broadway Taberaacie,torough un'll sooio get lodged, when so"" JS bvdls-stcpred so do Uie lungs, 1/ they get cIo»«"^ ,^redeemhng West AMea. TteCagUab captures lathe Westlndlef ai *' •Mnaltoa%* •adof a toUaials conBettion.emis a discussed point as to whether ftrtf OtM_1»IhBoT. Vi. natatfKft willpreachat tUe BapUsltl.,.,^XTSe'two have a v<ryThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069U ni «•eum. and ifloipurttles^ ^^ter j^iospect The figures then were:to"^^Untitled Documentb!e toat the lunos. In a healtoy stote.3i0.700 have already passed a second reading to Parliament Petra and at the to Like a water pipe, which lets l'^P'^,ii'ftsaeUNew-Jerseyon the contrary, we areTnis number, considering the limited p:)pulatlon of 111 Lawrence, Mass.. and killed. He beloaged to present Chief-Engineer. atmeet the wants of that The Old-School growing city.:A cler- year> oil.toat Stale,diately after uUeilng this sentimentThe Court Journal asserts that his Royal Higb-ness toe Pitoce of Wales will take his daputo^ iff ;cep-don of the > outg prince, Tto naraw af ttoaMc toat will attend his Royal Hlgfaoesa. and the' drtitlr of his visit, have not yet bean settled, thonah wa heartbe Rrnmm, 91 gim vessel, baa toealied forrmBishop Poimt wiU atoe afteraooa MrnlDg.Bev Mam;Uoraiof and tittoiag serricas will New Jenualem Cknnh, Thlrtr fifth67,500,000, of which 52.317,838 live (a tto Boariaa;3,734,5S4 to tt>e Caucaalaa s ptoTtaoe ;an estimableN. J. Tne church in life to a singular manner. He was engaged wlto271 miles of additioaai post route were added, and 84.816 miles of artritUonilFriday.youngBenj.A newsccommodaie toe Increasing number of crimtoals, A Columbus paper says there are 1133 convicts onJ33 of whom sre without cells orsays citizen, recently;..;a«l,lost hU www.fultonhistory.com 