 NAPLES--1860.. >X«C»S1!VTO HORKJlT O. WATWK*TO» 0» BO$T0y.BY JOHN G. WHITTtER. Jwith sudden and strange reverses, and the dark volume before you, which you take on faith to be a woman, ends aptly in the book of revelations.Miss Cushman's appearances occupy>ut a small portionsuggestion, as such an expression was unncecessary;" Sticker's needle"—what the instrument is I do not know—on the under side of the tip of the tail.9Tbe West has done nobly, but connot, under the civ- cun stances, endnre all the cost of this effort for theJsStill, be seems to look out as from tho loop-hole of his retired life—-he breathes the breath of the woods—the rylvan influences overpower in his consciousness his present factitious surroundings! How shy, how sly, is his exprewion, frank and friendly too. " I know some "things that you don't know,"says hi*look, "bu* " I shall make you know tbem." Further, " I sot up " no 6tately standard of thought, and cast nodrag-net for inspiration. The spider, in thecasm of her tragic laughter, are wonderful. The part tive duties. But the end is not vet. ThenewSuner- clear that the inoculation was not performed until the a share of profit to trig and other Eastern cities. Oais thrilling throughout with passion and pathos; It is intendent of Indian affairs arrived here on Sunday, lungs were already affected in the first stage. So, al- the other hand, nearly every dollar wo spend for mer-1"coiner.of my cell, inspires me. The "playing on. my study floor, fills me with de- "lightandinstruction." Andagain,vagpely: "I'wonder whether what I am telling yon is true' whether anything is true, whether anybody knows " anything to be true? Let us hope and persevere, ' for there is no doubt of the necessities of human " busincfs, whatever else may remain in uncertainty."whole publio is his friend, "and Beacon street actually favorable to the ex-Governor, stating the existence of "take," and those which were not inoculated, they large delinquencies.. The Indian Agent recently here were such that here, again, no conclusions can beleaves its fireside and saucer of cream to hear him. from Washington 'says the statement is without foun-This is Mr. Edwin Booth, a young man of true genius dation, and originated; in the confusion of Forney's drawn. The cow inoculated in 1854 was ill some eight"' ••»sa#i^fe aJ =#9"*ct*# • :''.• ShiW*NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 186a.^^"""Tmouse,This is what hisface says, aided by his voice, for I willnot attempt to repeat his words. And his personality,or what we know of him, says: " I am human, like" tie rest of you, born like you to toil and affliction," but wings and mnsic lift me out of the sphere of" despotic life, and when I am lifted up, I draw others"after me. Once the dark power-stretched out its selves any more in hia behalf then. The best seats in " hand, and took away my dearest treasure, but I sangwe make our appeal in vain?Acts-York, Doc. 3,1860.C. Baioas, Agent. ;" so sweet above the storm that I made the world in " love with sorrow. I dwell in a country village, with " rustic neighbors and small social surroundings. Yet " Ihe world flows through my garden, like the Atlantic " Ocean through the Boston Aquarium. I dwell with "the splendors that Kings and Popes purchased " i n times past—purchased, but could not pay for, "nor understand, the thoughts of Dante, the forms " of Bafael. No hight of luxury, no secret of life, " is unfamiliar to my contemplation. I know " w h a t saves the worldling, and spoils the saint. I '/hear the confession of the Magdalen and the boast of "the page in this quiet retirement, where I exercise a "simple hospitality and make the rich and the great " proud to break bread with me." Somewhat aftor this fashion does the presence of Emerson speak, while his tongue discourses to tho intellect all manner;of things,region of the soul. Summer thoughts have gone. Au- hirrself, and turns over whole pages of manuscripttumnal reveries, sweet and prolonged, b&ve been given without remark. Bo uncertain is his manner at timesup at last. Thanksgiving Day puts an end to these, tbat'we are obliged to regard as Providential the factwith its stringent demand for your new cloak, dress, of hl;» having said anything at all. While we are stilland bonnet, which, with their complement of furs, con- stretched with attention, bridging over the gaps in hisstitute a sort of equipago in which the Boston woman tb'ought, and. wondering what he will say next, slappasses two-thirds of her time during three-fifths of the goes the book, shut in onr faces. He is silent, and sitscalendar year. Do not expect me to give the final frac- down, leaving us all stiffened by surprise in. gymnastiction into which these t * o are resolv.ible. I ' can't do attitudes of mind, for whichthero.ia.no longer any oc-it. The smallest calculation throws me into convol- casion. "Goon, goon; that is not the end." Friends, is easier than temperance, and "drink deep or tasteutions akin to those of eea-sickness. With profound re- there isn't any end, but there isn't any more. The not " may as well he predicated of the dramatic musev of de*ervedly high reputation as a man of science. spect for science, no parallax, no elevation of a star, oyster has thut its impregnable shell; no more pearls as of any other. Do we not painfully know this by For five years, with the exception of a single case at no diameters, ecliptics, or radius vectors are compre- till next high tide. Never point to the clock and com our own experience ? Are not our eyes at this mo- Merheim, there had been no instance of the lung dis- hensible to me. I listen, I see it done in the chalk on plain that, according to the strictest construction, he ment scorched and aching with the glare of the Boston, ease in the cattle in the department of Cologne, when,BOSTOK, Dec. 11, 1860.Our Winter night has fairly set in in this, the Arctic qnaint and delightful. He is not easy to please withand those sweet creatures, your six unmarried daugh- better. •••;ters. The result will bo a new .account of raptureopened at the heart of the domestic altar. On second PLE UR O-PNEUMONIA•' .IN- B ONN—INOCU- WESTERN COLLEGE, and is situated in Linn County,out for active ute in the French navy are rifled.Slavers Sold, at Auction.NORFOLK, Friday, Dec 14, 1860. The condemned slavers Storm King and Triton were sold at auction to-day. The Storm King brought$3,500, and the Triton $2,025.• m »A GERMAN EMIGRANT ROBBED OP $S00 IN A F E R R Y -BOAT.—Shortly after 5 o'clock on Friday morning, i s a German named John Geisler was ciossing on the New- York and Erie boat with Iria family, on his way to Wisconsin, he was robbed of $800 in $20 gold pieces, while going through the passage-way between the front and after cabin. Two young fellow«, one coming from the front and the other from the rear cabin, made a pref-s against Geisler for one- or two minutes, and wlilehewas endeavoring^ to protect his child from injury, and holding a valise in one hand, they abstracted the money from his right-hand pantaloons pocket, a a ihen ran in opposite directions. • V He called out thut he bad been robbed, and some Gern an friends wbo accompanied him arrested the twonary Surgeon-of thia governmental department, a manto the surprise of' all, it made its appearance suddenlyin the. stall of the Agricultural Institute at Poppclsdorf,with which you New-Yorkers must all be familiar, and in a private stablo in tbe village. It was in the'* two is four—God made the world—science is for don' tknow it, go and be a fool; no power can pro- fionj Miss Cushman's recent engagement inyouixcity. middle of September, 1859, at a time when the cattleto eeafo when barely able to enter the ...teacher's pro- fession. But three-fifths of those thus attending were enabled to do so by the assistance afforded in the man- ual labor department. The following items of informa- tion may be of interest:THK POLICY.All persons connected with the School, whether officers, teachers, or students, are- required to labor habitually, either for themselves, the College, or oth- ers, as they may choose. •The sessions are three in number, via: From first .ofMarch to the last of June, sixteen weeks—a vacationof .two weeks; from first of July to last of October,sixteen weeks—a vacation of five weeks; from first ofDecember to last of February, twelve weeks—vacationof one week. ' The two terms from March 1 to lastof October, thirty-two weeks, constitute the collegiateyear, and, it will be seen, compriso tbe agriculturalseas* n.. Tbe balance of the year can be devoted toteaching, and thus the gradnating classes can pursuetheir course without interruption, a red furnish, tftem- in and they must go ashore; as they got about iu tbe 8e!ves the ventist to do no.A Female Boarding Hall is being erected, which is designed for a home for young Indies, and at whicha black board. There comes a sinking- at the dia- cwCb his audience still ten full minutes. You have hadafter a four hours and a half enjoyment of Meg andphragm, followed by faintness and pallor. "Twice your money's worth', and a good deal more, and if you Mrs. Simpson ? We omitted to particularize thelatter," t h e strong." I make my confession of faith, and vent you.'rush out where my reeling senses c»n take hold on trees, A very different dispensation is that which takes ussticks^ stones, and steeples, and. grappling with reali- tb the Boston Theater, where our dear frieud Charlotteties, escape the deadly phantoms of abstraction. For ha* hung out her banner on the outer wall, and where old city of New-York, though its women do paint and bad been bonght about the end of July. On tho 16th what are they after all, these mathematical facts and the bright icd and gold of her nature flash almost hire diamonds, and though its weak-minded floors do of September, two cows were found to be sick, one of jiymbols? Where and bow do they exist ? I know through the eouiber surroundings. What a resurrec- give way beneath the pressure of a prince." But if which stood next the oxen in the stall, the other them that live opon tbem—they talk and think a jar-. tion is that of this theater,.so long the t >mb of most re- you do hot go to see Mr. Booth, we shall say: " I t directly opposite, face to face, about four feet distant. g»aa incomprehensible to mu*e or mortal. They see spectable investments! Silent as a mausoleum, these is a stupid old city of New-York, and does not The one exhibited from the first tho usual symptoms of t i e scaffoldings of the .Univerwe, not the mighty build- many months, opened once for the Prince, in a manner know anything, hitting the good only by acci- lung disease—hurried and hard breafchiug, coughing, ii g iteelf. The fewer that unJen-Cnd them, the bettor to make most of us shiver, Miss Cushman has put the dent, or special interposition of Providence." So dull sound under percussion of the left side, loss of ap- f<. r tfceir reputation. Ho whose book nobody can read ghosts to flight, and has given her friends and the pub- what I say,unto one of you I say unto all: " Redeem petite, and abnormal rumum-Jon. The other'd symp- is the chief, the Omniarvh of Mathematicians. Apply- lic a regular house-warming. How has she done this ? the time as far as possible; go and see Mr. Booth every toms were more these of indigestion.ing then processes to the illumination of sentiment and By the amplitude of her power, by the. largeness and night during the remainder of his not very long engage- Under the circumstances, it seemed hardly possible to morality, they invariably bring their equation with the fullncc's of her personations. Hers is a generous ment." What I did yon all turn out to do honor to the suspect the existence of the post in theso cases; butnteu before they could leave the boat. Upon b tag. taken into the depot, they were searched, and Che money not being found in their possesion, they were let go. ' Officer Haddan. after neariag the circum- stances, concluded that they were the guilty parties; N1. a rested one of them, named John Shultz of New-York,universal "i isp—Imam "i . i» that it will be minus ghe, wiser than he, knows the true bounds of passion, en ! and thou, jolly manager Stuart, prick me this bull- third day—Sept. 19. Upon examination, beside tuber-ni^l ed their n>eaK By this means young gontlemon can pay as much of their current exnenees, in work, as they can spare time from their etndies to perform—saytified that he felt in his pocket and fonnd that the $*00 in gold was there just as be started to go through the passage: hef then took his child by one hand01 e. and that one wall be the bumble individual who • nc-w has the honor of addressing yon.But I WES speaking of bonne;*, which arc more in my line. These fragile absurdities have their signifi- cance, marking time, and the change of seasons. How faded look now those violets, which, at Newport, werethe delight of compliicentarv friends. There is some- thing insulting in the dullness of these mauve ribbons— tins vert-tendre is so chilly, it gives. me a fit of ague. Such a piece of shabby gentility as your best Summer's bonnet looks, on your worst Winter's occasion, the Irish servant girls ere all before yon, and appear hebdomadally in their cotton velvets, with their bugle and coqvclicot adornment*. So, I pray you, make athe vulgar, and relieve the souibreity of year landscape letter invariably cracking in the heat of the great pas- with these red and purple flowers which best match sion, the former glowing, and consuming in it. Misscles in kite lungB, there were the usual signs of therush for one of those places where they opened Fallmillinery a month ago, and where they most have be-gun to sacrifice before this. Then take refago undera pile of velvet, coming up to breathe occasionally inblack lace. Eschew the dirty little gilt trimmings of shows the difference between diamond and glass, thekilled, four died, and eight were cured.and they therefore contented thomRelves with a simple center of the whole. Before she comes upon the stage, non-aoquiesence, and after assigning the Judges andof the-play itself, but they are of oowse tbe soul and the attention is occupied with a variety of pleasingIn caae of four head the matter was taken fresh front mental and moral culture of our fron wers.*Ho Jea«h Qulaey, lit* burled in the Protert«nt Cemetery at of large periphery,catch' a temporary heat, and glare they were prepared to dissolve. The Governor is ourt bave seen it.tried." " Every effort has proved a flttt-Ptofintrodoctojf thiabeauiifaI poem to OUT radar*, we take theMbertjr-oftpinrttonteg, without the anthorV permission, that alowely %hl of eoYentcea, Helen Waieraton, daughter of the- nightwithonteolforothermurder,arechiefly.such as glees,solos,andduetts,withsomesmalldialoguestohelpfixing thetimesforholdingCourts,they qiuetly informed the Governor that they had done what they were calledi_ rnajunicK*• Thia enterprise has a great deal to contend witb in tbefonnofpopularprejudice. Mentellns—-wisemeej-The resources by w*icb we pass our long Winter**v. Mr. Watenton of Boston, n d jranddaii^hter of the ventr are familiar to you. There are balls, when the stars them, but when she has once drawn us up to her pitch, together for, and if he had no further business for them Of the fifteen cases, in only two was there any too,—" You esurot connect learning with labor." " IJSapJr*. A wrae ofonr poef» U on her tembatoae: '«Keld h#r. O F*»her.in thtee arow,And let W heiteeftmh heA£?*£?••*of^^hetween Onr human heart* and thee."_. *»*• Ijri>ia»»xx>a3rr.I£ ? " ? t b e o i O T ! I know to thoc 1 be dearest spot on earth must-beW here steeps thy loved one by the Summer sea.Where, near her sweetest poet's tomb,ThelandofVirgilgavetheeroomT o lay ttyr flower with her perpetual bloom.. I know that when the sky shut down Behind thee on the gleaming town,On liaise'* baths and Poailippo's crown;And, through thy tears, the mocking dayBurned Ischia's mountain lines away, JtaA Capri melted in ita sunny bay.Through thy great farewell sorrow shotThe sharp pang of a bitter thoughtThat slave*-must tread around that holy spotThoo knowest not the land was blestIn giving thy beloved rest.Holding the fond hope closer to her breastThat every sweet and saintly graveW a s freedom's prophecy, and gave The pledge of Heaven to sanctify and save.That pledge is answered. To thy earThe unchained city sends its cheer, And, turned tojoy, the muffled bells of fear.King Victor in. The land sits free And happy by the Summer sea,And Bourbon Naples now is Italy IShe smiles above her broken chainThe languid smile that follows pain. Stretching her cramped limbs to the sun again.Oh, joy for all, who bear her callFrom Canialdoti's convent wallA:id Elmo's towers to freedom's carnival!" A new life breathes among her vines And olives, bko the breath of pines /.•Blown downward from the breezy Apennines.Lean, oh my friend, to meet that breath.Rejoice as one wbo witnessethBeauty from ashes rise and life from death!Thy sorrow shall no more be pain,Ita tears shall fall in sunlit rain.Writing the grave with flowers: "Arisen again!"[The Independent.PROM BOSTON.Gorrerooadeace of The N. Y. Tribune.we forget to laugh at Dominie Sampson, or to honor when there is opposition, and as briefly told the Legis- apparent effect of tho inoculation on the spot where it ure, ace. It ie thus that many turn away from oarfrom the fah-e sun of fashion, but we whose modest with attention tbe somewhat sugary r6lc* of Lucy lature, as they had not heeded his recommendation, and wasunreal forlM»ln «rwi „ „i **. \. ±. <_•.•§ . _ *tkeuld be done, can be rwfAi.T,r.orbit circles about home, enjoy these illuminationsonjythxenghthemooulightofhearsay.Itmustbeconfe^ed that tea, books, and lectures form the stapleof our amusement, with an occasional theatrical out-break, when sotneeudden Aurorn,liko Charlotte or Mr.Booth, makes our darkness visible, and deeper by con-tract. In the soul-twilight which becomes our normalcondition; we now and then encounter the Sage of Con-cord. Hist!heisatthereading-deskofthelecture-room—the huge Fraternity, almost as big as AugustBertram and Julia Mannering. All eyes, all thoughts, had made no provision for defraying the expenses of swelled oreconcentrateduponthewonderfuloldWoman, theCourts,ashebadsuggested,hecouldnotgivehis uptowardthebody.Therewasnoappearance whose power is as despotic upon tbe audience as upon assent to tlie acta passed by both Houses. It was then general sickness in the animals. la one ease the the Gipsies. We wish Henry Bertram saved becanse getting toward midnight, and, after a short prayer swelling was so great that poultices of flour and sourshe wishes it, but did she wish otherwise wo shouldbe from Chaplain Pettigrew, the extra session quietly milk were necessary. This cow lost two inches of the { We are aware that nanjerou^«Jls are made npo*compelled to turn back the wheels of our sympathies, dissolved.taH. '•Within two to three days after the inoculation these two cows became sick of the pleuio-pneumonia.j Eastern cities for assistance for Western enterorisea.Hmd- '•" -" -»-.—•"-.-..t.. . ;,'.- •:^ ..^ we hope the reader will not be startled at the si A*of this one. It most certainly would not have beea made, bad the necessities of the case not tendered it.and direct them otherwhere.Her attitudes, the fixityThe Judges are naturally enough annoyed, and the Governor is tar from being gratifit«V Tbe legislators grumble at being culled from their distant homes inand concentration of her eye, and her'power of sud-denlyelevatingtogreathightthebowedanddecrepit Hielastmonthoftheyear,whentheywishtoattend Butastheyhadpreviouslycoughed,andastheti/rte imperative.»orm of the Gipsy Wifo, are all admirable. The wild, to the work of the season, and get wood from the corresponded so nearly with the appearance of the dist- get neither mileage nor yet prr diem for their legisla- eaee in the cases of the two slaughtered cows, it isA few facts and I am done. 1st. Though tbe West is the grf at producing region, yet almost every dol- bar's worth of such produce thrown into market give*Corrte's great human being, is before and around him; superannuated tones of the voice, and the terrible sar- canon before Winter; while, on the other hand, theyin its present form a creation of Miss Cushman's, and will die with her,, tbe later the better. ;.and has already entered npoa his duties with more clandiee is a source of wealth to yon, 2d. We are in than ordinary activity for a Federal officer. He re- though one of the animals died after fourteen days almost daily receipt of letters from laboring yonng per-cerning friends, and gradually extended, until the noticed a paragraph going the rounds of the papers un-those animals,where the inoculation apparently did notfrom floor to ceiling, and the perfumed handkerchief which is the banner of Beacon street, fluttered in the breeze of enthusiasm. No need for us to bestir our-raised, the animals paid for, and all throe wore killed.the house had been engaged beforehand for the wholeperiod of his performance, and to get a seat at all wasl>ecome matter of favor and dispute. All this madelittle difference to us. We had always believed, in his7 much sickness. Something llke.the typhoid fever pre-genius, and we now rejoiced in his success. Wo com-vails alarmingly. I hear of the death of two promi-against it.LEARNING AND LABOR UNITE®.stated to extend to Manchester.L e d Leigh writes to The Ti*>"*, seating that thedistress ff the ribbon weavers at Coventry is so great that an appeal to the public is imperatively called for.mended ourselves a little in private for our discernment, nent men yesterdav—Dr. Richardson and a Mr. John Lynch, Clerk.of the County Court, a very fine youngand loudly applauded thd quick sense of the public, man, and the support of a widowed mother. Two orwhich had found out in three years what we had dis- three months back, there was much sickness amongcovered in half an hour. Is this not a little Garriso- cliidren, but the present rnaladyi is ohicfly amongadults. / ' . . • ' ' " Of course, onr political news never amounts to much. We received tbe news of Lincoln's great triumph last Sunday afternoon—less than five days between this and St. Louis! The Democratic office-holders expect to go. The Mormons say the Democrats professed toMr. Hussey Vivian, M. P., wished to virit the Air APPEAL IS BEHALF OF A MANUAL LABOR French iron-cased ship La GUrrir. but was not aliowednian ? How fond those dear brothers are of resum-ing all the merit and prowess of this hemisphere inthese little words: we did ii. But to return toMr. Booth, have yon been to see him ? If not, go atonce, and let no motives of small economy restrain youfrom taking with you that excellent woman your wife, can never do worse, so the change maybe for thethat the five ehips-of-war at anchor aronnd La OUrie^. Sin: Permit me to call the attention of your nu- were .as useless in her presence as old tliut muskeU Ut merous readers, both in city and country, to a very the presence of the arms of the present day. Tbe humble institution of learning, which has for its ob- French have four sucb vessels already afloat; they are paid to have ten others in rapid progrwe, several of which are in an advanced state. Before many mouths are over, they «ill have between four and five hun- dred guns behind iron walls. All guns now servedthought, don't .take your daughters. If they go once they will want to go all the time. The whole flock will inevitably be stage-struck, and. will rave about Mr. Booth until you will wish there wasn't no such aLATION.ports teing a'Special Commissioner for the settlement sickness, and the other recovered after a mild-attack,sons in there cities, inquiring earnestly whether ' we enn' furnish them situations where they can educate themselves, and thus become a benefit to the world. 3d. It is a vast work, evoa. with liberal mean*" furnished, to give moral, intel- lectual and social poeition to the frontiers of this or any other nation: and yet without-such.position what would be their relative value f None but those who have tried it know tbe trials of faith, the sacrifice*, the toib, aye, and the opposition to be en-You have now with you a great favorite of ours, and of "Mr. Pres-ident Young's" unfinished business. the Professor concluded that these cases, in fact, prove What that amounts to I have not learned; but the nothing for or against inoculation.I hope you are treating him well. Be has built for him- new Superintendent anticipates no difficulty, as thereself a solid reputation here, beginning with a fow dis- is a large margin in.favor of ex-Gov. Young. I have .As to the proportions of siok and sound betweenandperseveranceinhisprofession. Wehavegone affairs. •' . - . daysonly,andrecovered;butin,hercasetheillness counteredandovercometoreachthisgreatend. Ofagain and again to the Boston to see him play great parts to small, but always delighted audiences. There was always the same care, the same elaboration of the part, tbe same electric bursts of passion and power. W e were sure his time would come, and watched the gradual increase of the audiences with pleasure and anxiety. At last there came a time when we went to see him, and found no room. The Howard was crowdedForney went back to Washington by last mail in did not amount to the unmistakable symptoms of the great glee, fully anticipating a final' triumph over his pleuro-pneumonia beyond a rather severe cough. Oftraducers. How that may be time will tell, but thefury that was against him in the Summer has blown those which became sick, it might be said that theyoyer, and Forney has many friend*. Even The Deseret were infected long before tbe inoculation. Of thoseAV«\« and The Moviitaiiwer compliment the Doctor that were not. taken, it might be said that they had with havirg a weak, confused head, but a good heart. withstood the disease without that treatment.this we do not complain, but humbly ask our friends and common kindred to assist in bearing these financial burdens.Capitalists, philanthropists, Christians, and all, wo api eal most eamchflv to you, for means to save and build np our humble but efficient enterprise. ShallCapt. W. M. Gibson returned bere last week from avirit, to tbe States, and has been spe?Jting in the Taber- In the village a man bad three cattle.. The disease npele. There is soiric talk of his going to the Malay appeared eo clearly in his stall that a subscription was Island" in the Spring, accompanied by a troop of Mor-mon mia-ionaries, hot what to do seems yet a mystery.Gibson is a very attractive lecturer, and is popular here•witl^all «lasse&.LATESTThe Daily Newt says the advices from Constantino-Biigham and his principal friends have just returned from a long trip down among the southern settlements, and they publish the report that " prosperity attends l s m e l . *•'•infection, was perfectly sound. . The disease spread no firms in London have refused to take up hm drifts,further. which, had been accepted by tbem, and which have The result of the experiments hero made upon the consequently been protected. Tbe firms referred te> have met all other liabilities. The ramitactiouA of tbe) question of inoculation is, that nothing is proved for or affair, which has excited some conversation, tunIn the city, there is a heavy dullness in business, and!\•I. |*1 IIbe our friends, and they abused us. The Republicansject the assistance of the poor, withoat excluding the rich, to obtain a superior education under healthful moral influences, and at the same time develop a sound physical constitution. This institution is known, asIowa. . .It was located in 1856, on the open prairie, the Pri-mary building erected, and the school commenced Jan.Comispendttxce of The N. T. Tribune.BONK, Oct. 6,1860,person. The melancholy of Hamlet, the ferocity oij One' topie of conversation with Prof. Wentz was the itants, and the last annual1 catalogue shows an attend-Bichard, the sentimentalism of Romeo,,will by turns pervade your household, and all the stage points from Sir Giles's ".Are you pale ?" to Richard's " smile, and smile, and be a villain," will be rehearsed in your ears without end. For in seeing a favorite actor, abstinencedisease which carried off a pretty large proportion of ance during the year of 136. fMore than 300 persons, the cattle belonging to the Agricultural Institute, or of both sexes, have attended the school, though manyYou did nobly by her, and the echo of her well-filled nun.b^ied fifteen milch cows, two fatting, one hull, ore calf, and one pair of draft oxen—all sound, andhouses rejoiced all our hearts. We said: " It is a goodknown to be eo. except, as it proved, the oxen, whichwrong end np. Finally, my i<«ca of t i e mathema- genius, a great vitalizing nature—she overflows her bellowing Foirest, and shall thjs swan-like music pass fitill tbe first of these cowa whs separated, aud, as the they will acouirc a practical knowledge of housekeep- rated ai d ran iu opposite directions, Gender at tho saate tician's h&mm* * ' t h m cubes, roots, tangents, and part with more, perhaps, than her author flhought, but unheeded through the midat of you ? Forbid it, Heav- disease grew worse, she was slaughtered upon the ing, and at. the table of which both sexes will be fur- tin e o y ing out thut tl ey had robbed him; GeLder tes-caueed them to be slaughtered. Instead of giving of these, in consequence of the pecuniary embarrass-notet from our talk, I will make some from the printedreport on the subject by A. Schcll, the official Veteri- waded every hour of it« existence, have been compelledand will rather stretch the significance of her text than calf public, till ho roar to some purpose, and applaudshrink her inspiration. She oponed in Fazio, a meager the right man in the right place.play, with one strong, simple passion for its ftubject; a - Your Boston correspondent has given yon a full ac-•good woman's jealousy, just, but disastrous. None of count of the proceedings of the intended John Brown other during thia time had begun to show these symp-. expenses, heride obtaining a knowledge of housekeep- iren then presred hard against him, and while tryingyour Shakespearean complications here—nono of those toms so clearly that she too was killed the next day, ing, a matter too often neglected in the education of to protectthe child he felt them fumbling about him, .meeting, when the merchants of Boston made them- females. But this Hall, so essential to our success, and as they ran away he missed the money and gavedelights of thought and languiige which two hundred ad- selves into a • snob-mob, to hinder freedom of speech, and examination proved h«.r disease the same. Is had, two stories of which are now un, is Suspended for want tl e alarm; lie stood ridewise in the pasfi?igo, and thominng \ em s have not yet exhausted. Yet what a variety and forcibly forestall public opinion. I wish I could il- of intensity did she not throw into this half-perfected lustrate his statement by a few portraits. Item, R. S.dnjina! It became a c'asfcic in her hands—the very Fay—red in the face, and black, or perhaps grizzled ashowever, only as yet attacked the point of the left aud of funds. In consequence oft] m lack, the College can- accused was at his right side. The Recordor c.onraiu tie rear part of the right lung. not funi-fh more than one-half the labor to students t<d Schnltz f<5 jail in default *f $1,000 bail. Mr. Spen- that tleie is to be done, because it cannot pay them cer, of New-York, asked permis-ion to produce wit- Now began a general coughing in the stall, and a mote than their .tuition and room-rent, $2 50 per rewes as to the good character of the acousod, and general infection was indicated. Before the close of month, and must hire laborers wbo can wait till the fdto to show that he was then on his way to Patersonwhite scarf folded idx>ut her in tho accusation-scene,teemed, like'Rachel's draperies, to have a personality •of its own.to the hair, with'nothing in him either to commaud men or to please women. Item—J. M. Howe, less sound in his wits than solvent in his books. Item*—Amos Law-the month two more became sick, and. by Oct. 20 ton others, on which day the last case slvowod itself. Thenop from tbe farm, is sold, which students cannot .'do. as a witness* A further hearing will be had to-day. And at this time applications of the most pressing na-ture are'coming in for situations both from the East Next came the part of Qneen Catharine, studied, felt, rence, small, sleek, bald and bullet-beaded, very like a pair of oxen and the othor four cows exhibited also ai d West. At present the cost of attendance is as—Among the deep defiles of the Rocky Mountains* lately, a small company of men stood around tho new- irac'e grave of a dead companion. With heads uncov- ered thoy listened attentively to tho words of tbeand acted in high art. It is a boon to see a play of mouse, if ho were not so like a weasel—on the whole,Shakespeare's sc brought to lifo, and so well put upon' a well-meaning little person, misled by his more willful tl e fourteen decided cases, two, as we have seen, wereBoard, at $1 40 {for meals)....Tuition..... -.• Rooin.-reut, 5tt ceiitit per-'inoutLr...'...$44 Q0 .' 16 AOthe. stage. The Wolsey, Mr. Co\ildock, was to be sure aspocatee. But I spare you such a gallery of common- a little pro*y, and was a good while in falling, but then places. Enouyh for the present. Go to see Mr. Booth,and good bye. 'UTAH.4 00 Waohiug. 50 to 75 cent* per month...... sM to 6 00preacher as he offered up a prayer.of it, one of the company discovered "the color" in tbe earth at his feet thrown up. to make room for the ro- n aine of the deceased. In a loud whiaper, he commu- nicated the rather exciting intelligence to hie companiott-All heard it, even tho clergyman, who, suspending bisbo had a long way to go, and the part is one whichLights. Suipmerseasotf Fuel, Suminor seu.-;onrate of one quart per head each time; the insertion ofset-ons (if that be the correct term), and rubbing thesides of the cheat with sharp, exciting applications.Court was held in Great Salt Lako County, and, in ad- Blood-letting was not resorted to. At first a medica- and the net profit $400 to $500.. It was $ WO 1 ist year.ment proposed by Ramm was tried both.upon the sick It haK been clearly demonstrated that students' labx* Temenibered toys of oor childhood, light in the body, left nothing to desire. But do not imagine, obi thou docket, there are cases of litigation among merchants and well, but without tiny apparent benefit. This CPJ.to made to pay. There is agood honee and bam,the complexion of Winter and your own. The pork-pie caps, which divide tie field with the genteeler bon-net, look warm and assured, but they are not pretty.Cushman was heroic and beautiful in Queen Catha- Cbmv.pondcnce of Tho N. Y. Tribune.piayer, opened his eyes to see the auditory scatter in 160 acres, 132 of which was tilled last season. The e'-ery direction to stake off a "ciaim," he reclosed hesThey have a top-heavy appearance, and suggest the wjene, and the nature and saintliness of the goodrine." The sweetness and shrewdness of her interces- sion with Henry, tbe agony and indignation of the trialSALT. LAKK CITY, U. T., Nov. 16, I860. It is now over fourteen months since a District.'•* three-fifths of a mile from the College, consifttinsr of proceeds of this crop will probably be about $1,5'K),eyes, hastily concluded his prayer, and started off oa a run to join bis fellows in securing a claim.—*—»-•• i<miii,•.'. i.dition to a large number of criminal cases on the and loaded in the head. As an emblem, however, I stupid Public, that this royal pagoant comes and goes amounting to over §200,000. The natural anxiety fora settlement of thefce cases, and the constant impor-inferential calculation. The fair Empress, who dresses high station, have a natural tendency to carry them the for the purpose of assigning Judges to districts, and respects that this had attracted no notice. work considerably help.wrall, must be undergoing a dress-penance, since she is wrong way, and would,.if possible, produce,thorn with appointing the time for holding the Territorial Courts. After showing that there waft no local cause to pro- MonAi. INFLUENCES, &c.There is not a liquor or gambling-shop or Saloon ir.content to deform her graceful abonlders with the awk- the wrong end uppermost. ,The executioner, we must Heretofore, the United States Judges have aoted en- duce the disease, and expressing doubts that its spon- the place. In the original deeds of town lots, all ofbusinesstosuittheirownconvenienceandpleasure. adds:"Weoftenseeproofsthatthisdiseaseofthe premisesshouldbeaforfeitureofthetitle;the property to revert. Tho result has been very satis-idea of an involuntary aonivraet, like those' of certain Queen's death, filled up tbe ideal of the character, andgladly accept the manifestation which allows the sex like a dream, on the inspiration of a moment. Whatt© cairy more weight in the upper region. The cloak anxiety, what labor, what drilling is necessary to got tunity of merchants, since the arrival of Districtof the* present season is surely tho ugliest gar- up these Dukes, Lords, and CountesseB out of what- Judges in the Territory, induced the Chief Justice and had been brought, ns it vas afterward proved, fromment invented since the hideous roedueval disguises ever raw material may be on hand. Tho very men Associate Justice, now here, to request the Governor, Nassau, where the disease existed. They had ooughed laneous paper, medium size, The Western College adopted for extinguishing the flames, thev spread POas that made the feminine form contraband to right or who cany banners, halberds, or whatever insignia of to call an extra or epecial session of the Legislature, a little, but were so'strong and healthy iu nil other Advoeate, circulation about 500. Advertising aud job- to baffle all efforts to save the l^oat, aud the faot be-tirely-independent of the Legislature of the Territory, taneous appearance is possible, and coming tothe con- which belonged to the College, the Trustees inserted hnge trailmg-slceves flap about her slender arms, and minutes in which he attends the nionmful but declaim- and appointed times for holding Courts for Territorial clusion that the oxen must have brought it, Dr. Schell a provii-o that any bouse of the kind kept upon thecoming apparent that she must yield to destruction, ^steps were immediately taken to land the passengers ia hoists. The deck wa* tolerably covered witb prodneer all of which waa lost. Every passenger was safely lauded. The fire broke out when the Clifton wa« off TubbyHook.Shoisatotalloss.Herownerswere MPWIS. Shaffer, Conkling &. Co. of Barrytown. She Bailed regularly between this city and that place, herward compromise between cape and oo.W—to let the try to, put a little savage decency into him for the fivo tho long skirt envelop her from bead to heels/without ing Buckingham. From the manager and stage man-ager to the captain of the supers, property man and callThe new appointees, now that Mormonism is fast tak- lungs may confine itself to the first, the so-called factory.form or comeliness. Clearly, Eugenie is walking in a•beet, for some reason unknown to us, and we all walkafter her in like manner, with a vaguo idea that wo tain falls upon a little world of work which we alljaxe doing what is most eleg int. Or bsa conjugal through habit, forget, and which I now commend to a disposition to honor therLegislature, by the acknowl- sequence of this local limiting a cure takes place before the Chicago, Iowa, and Nebraska Railroad, and 16: The oil region of Pennsylvania scems,to be rather-hoy, crery one has something on his miud, and the cur-'hidden-stage,' i. e., to an exudation in the cellulartissue between the lobes of tlte lungs; and that in con- .prairie. 8 miles sonth of Cedar Raoids, the .terminus, ofing the ascendancy in the Territory, and, probably, from sincere conviction _A,weU, have given evidence ofLOCATION AND HEALTH.jeeJowry suggested this approach to Turkish mystifi- grateful and compassionate rememberance. edgment that it- has the right and the authority to fix the sickness has had opportunity to make itself known, iriles north of Iowa City, on the Mississippi and Mis->.the times and places for holding Courts. The conse-Bagging and tho yathmack will come next. Here you makes a very different impression. Guy Manneriug is quence is that a proclamation was issued on the 20th of during this very 'hidden siege'• that the infectious hack from the former place—accessible, and yet froemore extenrive than was at first 'supposed. Well* have* been sunk in Venango,.-Wan en, Motvef, aud many- other western counties, undthero are no less than fo«ir famous points, known as Mecca, Oil Creole, Titinville, and Tideonte. Of the three latter a groat deal h*» been has 1-een published, but Mecca, which is lees kr own, appears to be hardly less important. From a, statement m The. P*tt*fntr<rk Ecminpr Chronicle we>cation, this walking-prison of wadding and broadcloth ? Meg Merrilies gives us another dramatic evening, andhave a part of the woes the Winter is heir to; but all a nice little drama, to begin with, though the acted Governor's acquiescence in a call for legislators to aa-things fade before the tribulation* of the hoop, a thing scenes are scarcely as real to us as the imagined oneswhich has now reached its fulleet absurdity, and must that the novel gavo HK, long ago. This is strange, but eemble on Monday of the present week. In obedience can carry infection into stalls, and yet not become sick go out. Hugo at tho base, and taperiug to nothing at it is sometime* so that one art, m borrowing the subject thereto, the'elect gathered at the Social Hull on Mon- themselves,"froiu the evil influences of most riv^r and rail-oad towns. A more healthy location, probably, caanot be found thia ride tbe Rocky Mountains.EMBARRASSMENTS.Nearly fern* years of financial embarrassment hastho waist, the aolid cout«nte are Out of ull proportion tothe area of ocenpatioo, You move about like a child . Sn a go-cart, only with no rc-al security. - On the con-of another, cun add nothing to it. There are pictures that only obecure the stories they illustrate. Legends iiave been darkened to the nund by being presented today at noon, and all was stir and anxiety to hear the Governor's Message.It would have been more satisfactory had the oxenbeen slaughtered and examined at the time, but they vith Colleges. True, our crops aro excellent thijGovernor is very desirous of seoing the extra or called months later on« Was killed at Pophelsdjrf. The tripping yourself up. You draw away door-scrapers drives us his own creation in the form in which it first session, as ho expresses it, changed into the regular InngB were found healthy, but had marks of the diseasewill be needed to pav.indivjdnal debt*^ taxes, and sup- I)ly abiolute necessities, leaving but little for benevo-Each yi ell involves an outlay of from $1,01)0 to $l,20O for engine, pump, and vats. They produce from 3 te> 1JJ barrels of oil a day each, exeept those of Hoxie At WiLon, and Skeels &, Co., which yield from 50 to 10* barrels a day, the average being for these two about 76 barrels a dav. The oil sella at 25 cente a gallon. During the past Summer, about 150 buildings havstrary, you are always laving anares for yourself, and the eye. The poet calls up his own vision when he after you, cellar fixtures hold you fast, and yoa either came to him—no one else, with anothor spell, can sum-session. But on that and other matters connected there- with, there has been a complete split in the camp, and peace is scarcely inaugurated before a good deal of ex-at some former period.As soon as the presence of the disease wasproved byententerjpiit-en. Addtothet-econsiderationsthepresent depreciation of Western currency (ull wehavej'jmdour ettnation, With deferred claims pressing us, may be better imagined titan described.«»d dry on the ornaments of the furniture. Your drap- Scott himself, without the intermediation of any lesser the letter of the acta of organization to call special ses-October, announcing the wishes of the Judges, aud thematter is produced. This explains that no remarkable fact, viz.: that animals to ull appoarance in lull healthgo down upon your face, or, with a red face and cold mon the same spirits. Shakespeare, to bo sure, tookangers, disentangle yourself. Within doors, yoa are his plots ofteneat from the novels of the time; but few•onstsnily surprising yourwelf and your friends by the of us ever know the stories in any other form than his, citement and irritability shows itself. The truth is that the experiment of inoculation was tried upon fifteen ment, but the easy times naturally led us en ward—of been erected there, including hotels, bttaidingnuoueeevrnovelty and variety of yoar cvolntions. Yoc rise from and then Shakcspeai e's achievements, though thonience of l»olding the-'special session, and it seemed were the two oxen and a cow, which had been inocu- Tbe' improvement of tbe farra, erection of college could have been nought at from $25 to $30 an acre, is scarcely likely that the Legislature, entirely Mormon, buildings, &<?., occasioned a large outlay, part of now selling at $300 per acre. In feet, the oil dis-your eoffc-to receive a guest—yoa have put yoar twofeetaceidentaiiy through your hoops, and he receivesyos, with some aarpriae and precipitation, on his manlymodels of our hope and endeavor, are scarcely the measure of what we can accoroph'ah. Still, Joanna Baillie has constructed a very tolerable play out of alated in 1854. It was an experiment of the question in which was furnished by loans, relying upon donation would sacrifice large personal interests for the sake of bow fyr this is a protection againct the disease, a point notes, «de of property, etc.. to make payment; butcoveries have been already of immense value to West- . 4 . , v•»«.•-breast. Infulldrawing-rooiayouwouldsweepacross verywonderfulnovel,andMiesCushman'scharacterOfcoming together a fow weeks sooner than usual. Innotthen,atleast,fullydecided.j ern Pennsylvania, and are peopling the forests aoA the property has not been sold, tho notes are mostly rearimr un town, and vitturea.witb sudden impulse. Ah ! your hoop is caught high Meg Merrilies seen:* to come fresh from the hand of Nebraska and Kansas, Governors are empowered byunpaid,'andthedonorsareutterlyunabletodosoIre*nuffUPtownsan<The matter used was, in case of eleven head, taken nine. Tbe debts, however, are pressing us sorely, ARREST or A FuomvK.—Detective Macdougalthreatening pur very existence^ and we appeal to a onlhurrday nrtorn^d from Ro«t©u.JbttviBsU« cu»t«dr a 7<m«c generous public not to lot $5J,000 worth of property I tonn nemiod Edward F. WMtc. who w u formerly'* clerk la tike I employ of M«w»«- FoUom &btevooi. ia Broftdu*/. »#*r 9ultoa But in t i e streets matters are worse. The Oriental cient Sibyl—she makes rags and dirt poetical, and with Territory, there is no such provision. Why this differ- stage «i the disease. This matter was collected upon a he sacrificed, and another, thus tar successful, attempt utrvit *Tb« prtnotie? t* cUarpnl with h*rtag OB>'o««lt>4 orom hiteries are nowhere. Feople laugh, yoar husband swears. intelligence. She has all tho weird power of the an-sions of tho Legislature, but, in tho orgunio act of thisence nono can answer. The Legislature has not offered to connect learning and labor fall to the ground, for I rn.plc.yrr about $2«V in good* wad m»»«y. AtUtX bit tttwrt h*cloth, ana* tho day after thinned with water, equal in tho want of a few thousand dollars teady mope*. .confined to ha"rtug robhed tho oouo>Iala«^t of if WH) worth ofjealousy of which I spoke forgot to provide tor the pons the true but ra rely-foH pf/i bos of old age, draws tears fromof win4-at the corners. Thus, pyramidic digitfcy meets eyes long harucced to the modern victims of sentiment. this reason for xjoA-compliance with the Governor's hulk. These a^diuahl w*re inoculated, by means of This must be the result unless help is obtained speedily. : Pood«. Ho w*» ukes before Juatlc* Qthvjtooi»u»h «a4 hetd foe:-. |i &•• •• •• * „ i• • : •{extuutattioo- ;••./ i/v.-v;-'•}'•,'- - -. '-'V. ;in- ^>tarnggguytm——' -a«ww•taHMMUntitled Document;*. *..:<-•.,•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetJJg&^ffiiiS^^^^• -:the second cow killed, and, withOnt being thinned, inoculatedinthesameplacebymeansofalancet.Two were very badly diseased; the third, which hadLONOON, November 30,18<WL pie refer to the stoppage of an English merchant. Fivefor weeks been exposed in a small, close, stable to thoto go on board. He has sent to The Timet a descrip- To Hi* Editor of Tht N. Y. THbune. tion of her external appearance. His impression uCOLLEGE, NOW IN, OPERATION IN IOWA.1, 1857. The village now numbers about 400 inhab-ment of the country, through which the school haspleuro-pncumouia, and in a degree which proved that one half, aside from clothing. Waures, eight cents per and bis valise in the other, aud after goUiuXf iuto tl at the had in fact been diseased several weeks. The hour. LadieP' also will be able to rav a snare of their the pawsge felt the money from the. outside; the twoslight symptoms of tho disease. The calf escaped. . Of follows for thirty-two weeks, viz: ,The treatment of both the diseased and sound wasfor all the animals, now in number thirteen milch cows,two fatting, two oxen-, one bull, one calf, three-quar-ters of a pound-of " iron vitriol" per week, Jor all, intheir drink-water; tar-water throe times a day, at tho ly a student can pay full one-half;1 00 2 00$71 to $73 80medicament is a mixture of iron vitriol, table salt, and divers powdered bitter plants.with various farming implements, embmcing the mod- ern improvements, oa the Farm, but others are very much needed. ,PRINTING PRESS.STEAMER BURNED ON THB TICOSON RIVER.—Last evening as the steamer Clifton, which sailed from Bar- rytewn for this city at 4 o'clock, was proceeding on her trip, a bale of hay which hud been stowed near aNo doubt the disease was brought by the oxen, whichWe have a hand-press, 50 fonts of type, and other 6tov*-pipo caught fire. Before'any means' could co- fixtures, and print a monthly educational and miscel-by any general external' symptoms. And yet it is souri Railroad, with a tri-weekly mail and nassencerrendered cfclleciing money and . paying debt* of any learn that rince the first well was sunk there, in Feb- kind, in the West, almost impossible, and especially so ruary last, between 600 and .700 weliU have been putdown, at an aggregate cost of $48,750, and two weeks The first paragraph of the message intimated that the were not fat enough to be salable. Some seven year, but the surplus, and more too, in many instances, ago there were 7.) engines in operation pumping oil.the conditionof the cow killed onthe 19th of September,nobody was consulted upon the convenience or inconve- head ©f the cuttle, the rest being omitted, among which couire, without forcs< eirg the crisis of coming yeans. dwellings aud store**. Land which in January lastfrom the first cow slaughtered, and Irora that part of the lungs which was in the '* hidden stage"—the firstT otal.... ,.' T"Twenty of thia can bo paid in work now. THE FARMEventual-The College in in the midst of a beautiful and fertiledepot being at the foot of Jay street.i m-•II..HI•)We may have proceeded too fast in the commence-BY THENORTHBRITON.b >t tbe other person bud escaped. Upon being taken b fore Recorder Tilden of Jersey City, Mr. Henry Weggart testified that be, together with Gehder and two other Germans who wore on their way West,1weie rittirg in the afu-r cabin.Accia?ed. wbo is a Germau, came in, talked about tho'ichildren; -he then went forward,"'and «« the boaten- tered tbe i-lip, cameaft and told them that the boat wasnI•satmcenter of the passage-way, a man came from the oppo- site direction, and Geisler was wedged in between nlm and the accused two or three minutes, when they sepa-While in tho midst..' ••-\,tJX^ZXiz^rxt.-rr.^.**.* York tfaci5ibi^.Btf^ www.fultonhistory.comu13069NeF.lton.'w•*" 