 TOL. X.^HO. 2841.C1T5C Poi.inca. AMOVKfiB WSIOM aiEBTIKG.PRICE TWO CENTS..^T'a. aaB.CBaauaJ. t^ weakermaltethepeopletake Lnsoui Into melrstomachs,stronglyfiwKWIiiiKiiliiiiinIMiifsiiafcialailjT•' anarticleoffisown.He tliatiftlie (QisBsns) saysportionsof the StateAMarBall."fMHiee'"had anaacilNtad hK «)Q,MO slaves and theirawi oUloiea were BandedOeneral eovemment ware called iqan ta help th«M7of the Government to pacify the daves by making them free, and thus pot an end to tbe strife. Thus Gmnss would have the slaTesmitequally good position that side to come to that so our outpostspushed in ad-_ atMlto UfoianseiF?' the]iMtta«Da« toflhetorAdftlteNortimBaaniMtaicraad «4iiteihigeftheUnion,wUchheIwpedwtMiidlong cans,andwilldoeverythinginhispowertosecure nth.ThecolumnwhichwascutoffbyBmodmwed about Casserta, and this moming Gaubauu went toAe oMld oMtRd Vfi o( Ae wdrtL Butaad sn- them on an with tlmfr masters. He From some cause which, judging frxnn his former ties were afterwards suspended for 24 hours, in orderoccupyingMoroni, and oliserving the passage at Limatola.i--^'iyr.your City^thek' coantry, and, it was their duty to be vigilant,shed, for the slaves of the South, although having the intellect of children, are possessed of passions of frightful ferocity, which it will be terrible to arouse.departure appear to have been openly, and iierhaps ostentatiously, madevoice " Wide-awake,"] and rally to Bie polls. [Applause.]succession at the Boston at Music HaL*. and Theatre,lil^"''l|P"«B^HIlipMP^pi^itipn^PfPpiIII III i[ji i.pfii•f^TW ir'*l^--.l^.'Ji'J'w»'|«i<«i««WBaiiiqi|Hi^ppqp!Od Saturday evening the Cooper Institute was S'^^^^^S/n^aSet-^can splita raU by looking at agaiB filed with thaftirnds of the Fusion electoralHcket ataembled under the call of the Committee Aftcen.kriaty Mated the objects of the meetiag.,"^1 What" Air Liiioou.? [A voice, "What is cain comme le seul protecteur de la liberty et des in- IMMENSE WAK PREPAliTIONS OF ilSTBIi. artillery practice behind the town of Capua, on tbe fall on the flank of tbe enemy, who, en WlT^amcB or joshv^ j. benrt.Angelo, had taken to tiie woods, irKtakbrarel«i inkriodkaaits,whereby the oppoaitloa eoold tk:k him hi the ribs. [Laughter and uifUose.l Tkey thou|dit they couldPaptfttatwto Piedmoat.advance or refreat on both sides, but still the Neabd-'^ itans could not gain much ground. This was, per-ym a Biaum siat)ai^ tctieen.]the mostspot on As whcdelaeh oatof cdttoaaathaplaatp'. Kepubligaas wished to destroy "Somh, aodiower NorthtTa BKU Be had been told thateontlnM toarsve over tlie country—one indivisibletlieir defeat and his own election. Mr. Ta> Wtck isThe Official Javmal, of Naples, publishes a decreeYon must thus conceive our position as forming aCaaaat Mr.Tiiaeamhadsaid Vgti most oaaMiOr AaMSl- Ha waold ealtaaatt HaefollowedkwMr.Ratmohs,ofthe TuusinmU) dlBLiistedat lengtheanditioii aad necessities of tbe conntry. The Wide-policy,AMfd, bot It Is nevertheless adheredplaces.afT&ere labor, lodasan:tUrV wlutreitiswooid call upon thtai whether they endorsed Beu,for liberty they forgot the holiness of the cause in which they were engaged, and committed Crightiulwas but did not expected, appear.— and his staff, and, coUecting what men hie coula,Oioudcheersl to nght against fUs parly. Was this fusion cordial? ["Yes, yes."} HewashimseifaBKcUnridgeman—helovedBeeceim- ^TP^T ss a man, aad because be had fought for his Douei.A8 was a talented and glorious leader, and he honored him because he honored Though he differed with Mr. Bell, [loudfortress.they openedBascanBisoi orDsoai^when Lieut.-Gov on Thursday, 1, they expectcried out in a voice wliich caused aU to shudder, **as 'Iter slaves all the Government would be to m^e thefree,Capua.brigade, guarding ana atme same timethe heights of Casteloffensive another time. had on the whale line Theyofmuch for him. [Lai^h- leurs compatriotes a voter en faveur du parti Republi-Disced at the head of this great country, I want to JeeBVA J. HBmi, Esq., upon assuming the Chair know ' V- Hr never wlU be.") Itis true that foriourAfter the first defeat in the morning the eamaj hadiwMiiMrn tafl «i<a«iattnn a Boathataer, he was by MAsIte^'VMM', and i&r Owfeat time addiesaed •tctttHAaof Us uttve StMe. {AMlaaae.] Bight9«Ba*n.inthe«adu»(es<UaSmSni eaaaby liad then jiut esMrged frana^tical they do not exclude bread from their own tables. [Ap-Mr. DuAnAim. Third CaagrefaiaMl Dlalrlct.down in the plain, and plenty of bushwood on theabout 2 P.M.. which was kept as well as tne runsbrought on complete the suc-tftakeicare when yon east your votes forLoooui thatvative l7nion men to sustainwere ordered to the sweepwhich were inGaxtbalsi returned to Santa Maria andtilUat duties, he a tebamiy reildeaee In the Anmies.hearth andezcfodlngllghtpasses a trench wasdugnot far from the bank of thennf of which was eoliaet, wd me other was dMded, while—be waiMdaedlorealseit—tiie Thdaa was In danger.rived at this port days later.yesterday.Her advices are three ness in case an offered to cross. At the road; opportimity througl^a—HHlliiilPiiii iJiiiinHiillliifi MrIrfBt them bearvessel, by whal T By the infernal nenro ques-No," "Tm,' and ^plaote.] TIb AhoUttoa, don.LiverpoolMMk (n tte hnthaa, aow grown to a to the broughtof rulli,'inthe same with waywill be there.PaUtlea in Onufle Caanty.sent there theCalabrese volimteers.The deserved tbe attention which was be- positionstowed cm it but it had one drawback—it had its left flank and its line of communication with Santa MariaAand the of San Angelo heights:e'shis% [Laa^riBrMl ipplwise.1 „aan hare bifaraMd fte aiMker that tts iiiilliamT-- tat )iiaA« htm, hot the Black Bepub-against another North and South, in consequence oftelegraphed from Cape Race.their arms, advanced with the|I1!jThe Republicanshave a mass at Goshen meetingHere out in two directions[byroad, which, leavinggoes straight towards the viUoafgtehe AngeloT,his was oil the ground rose and fell upon them. The coach-know against Ab. L.hcolk ?" m,««'' J^°Pf4 ""^he^ asking"" What do you know i^^gl ea; he is six feet seven inehes nJi^g»^!j%^i^d^ s^^IMPORTANT FROM EUROPE.certain distance from each other. The commonest command of tlkt side. Alflloa^ mostly fresh troopsVhe PieacBtCrMa aad tke Fataie—Byeeehea pubUsh his P"' "'« nameVtheir tons pays.'•r Has. Ckasi J. Helm, JaahM J. Heair,JsBM* W. Otamx4t mad e«T. StereM, af L^;'8"'h-!' then ^iS I skylt again: If that is sX^dOrecaa. ^Hf ?"^„^ Tou caU SSi^a rSl-spUttcr by the power ofandalfll«rtf-^;SeS|.^ olthe LeIshop, '*'f,2*^?it die asuffmiraUon people,parti Dimocrate,bout d'argnments. a bn ra-thusheads, challengu^g'Iit would be theengagement, wher^er and whenever his presence was needed to encourage his soldiers.up point,Santa Maria. there did not much pass the gates ofOn the right the position was tolerably guardedvance, and 4 P. M. the were in all by and our Neapolitans flyingdutythemember is a candidate for reiiectioa, and is opposeddirections, men had occupied the edge ofmenothingnenUy taken:fiable, """l '5TM in the PresidenUal place;Encons^uence les Francais, membres du parti Re-Smtziu;sfrongholdsDemocracy,active, sleepless, [AThe band having played a stirring air, the chairman ["That's so."] Does any one suppose that the sion were charged, and each visitor at either enter- at the VaticanThe by-road which runs dfrect from Capau to St.now introduced Gov. Stzvzhs, of Oregon. SPESCB OF GOV. STETENB.negroes are of the Helper book and of the tertainment dropped his ballot for Libcolh, Bell, states that the Pope will remain in the Holy City. ignorantagreed that a blow diould be struck for the Constitu-:supplied ofcompany.d'eclairer leurs, compatri.stes sur le parti soi-disantfrom the WestQoastof Africa statewar on tiie l^rg"' «j''a^mfiost to the point of rebellion,hat, Mr. GixAas spoke as follows:TliesealofthisandThe arrivedintheneighborhoodsight close toI have taken mywith fou, and rwUl maintain it, come what will, andinto the fine.[.Applause.]positionjIIFrom the Chicago Press and Tribune, Oct. 27. Intelligence was received yesterday from E\'ana- then demanded that a room k>e offered to Italian ton of the discovery of two bodies of females, be- on the stand reserved to the French this eve- lieved to have been victims of the Lady Elgin disas- ning. His demand was granted. He then read the ter. Justice G. M. Hnsroos held an inquest on theCatholic fallen in Italy.if cause should yovbil,then I will fall withyou.It is semi-officially announced that the French 'andbefore Capua.""PP^/' eounseU may[Applause.] You all know what I have been, for Ihouses masses.of Santa Dispatchand the inhabitants dispatch was sent to Caserta,Batter that I am well known in New-signmytelf prettyYork. 1 am not ashamed of anything that I haveplenipotentiaries ad- convention containingdone, nor liave I all my Ufe ananyOld-Line Whig, and I never experi-the French tariff.in the North of the United States. This document One of these bodies is believed to be tliat of Mrs. 40 francs per 100 kilogrammes. importBut the reinforcements were likewi.se claimed onanother side. in Uie a column had Early momingenced more pleasure or satisfaction than when I re- ??S:. fuT*' ''''•'nporaries and my supporters in thisduties on The Paris Afoaitfur says that affairs in Syria haveshown itself towards Castel Morone, but waseasilyForte, belou,gr*t fight onnmiy right hand, and on mv left. left,:tua, The„o7,,mayaswellil'unies daSS les Etats-Unisl.e parti Dt'mocrateest naturallement hostile a lastripedsilk no waist,stockingsringsour side, and the whole effort could lie directed against,dentsofthisCityandelsewhere. Itwasasfollows"'*' coa«"^hM^'t^TXare the memc)ers" "** hard-fisted*f °J Democracy,;action will now suc-beea lor so^Ttilii subjectedwhom 1 have louRht so inanvto speak in Uie languai^c of '„ld laUeredLes membres du Club Frani;ais du Cln- the body a plain cotton skirt and a portion of Republicainawas a hard for there were not more than 2,000 fight,AustrianTammany. I have thrown down tlie have smoked the calumet of peace. Andivet I aln what I am-a rewo^r political 6arlbaldi. [Anniau^T^ I ma enlisted to Saht the battles of my cou^ ^anTMdmassacres there Later advicesenemythe victory has been won 1 win 'lay u„^n andretireintoprivatelife. ThereforeIhoneIcarried awayalready liave beenby a conscription of fV^g^^ruptcy threatening and the^h'^^p erf of the Press wUl inform the editors and tinlesoutien et ledeI'esclavage qu'Uil estveutily.on the same are as follows1 ,300 slaves.selves into the mountains between Caserta and Mad- daloni,0iat there is no maimer of use in any onenotyeaux;r me tnomrmous letters. Theytn against the Rock of Gibraltar as against nw. cLauSterand aOTlanse.J As a lawyer I have st,,r,dTHE BATTLE OF YOLTURNO.Then there was a tittlebreathingyears past. Butconfirmation oftoout, osteusitl^^^mfrom Uiebeen hurried,11,000,00020 feetin depth, veiy steep,ernment was founded in error, and could only besaved by the inauguration of a new policy. OurFathers had met astbose who had gone through thefurnace of aflUctiali. As brothers they framed the Lord, for he was the God of our fathers, who ledvento had been obliged to hour's notice.I!1proper supportersour fathers will desert us, if we are true show. A whole Bell and Everett Club visited the to the example and the fortitude of those noble Boston Theatre in a body, each member voting the fathers. [Applaese.] Yes, I would say thank the party ticket.EXPELLED.!:ithey came outand formed in anand temiporarily retired. In response to continued same God of our fathers who protected them has giv-to Indorse the fusion scheme which was late- tabUshment of the lights on the Ausfrian coast of the gone up a Uttie hill commanding St Angelo.It was at this critical moment that Gakib.^ldi ar-calls from the audience, Mr. Jamxs W. Gebard came forward.V SPEECH Dr JAUES W. OSBARD.After complying with an Invitation to put down hisventuredly pro^sed by Hon. B. H. Hill, one of the elbctors at large on the Bell and Everett ticket. Mr. Gaseiu. hasgreat State will make a very strong Impression on theWh of NoveaAer next. I have been dovm to ing the hope that the Republican Party in this coun-movement ":withinthenextfewdays. Ithardlyo mucn of my voice in addressing them that I am afraid there is very little of it left. But when 1 see that a Southern friend has suddenly taken sick, and, therefore.compelle<ltoresignthestandheissofit to fill, I will try lo he^ him along as far as the extent of my voice will penult. My friends, I can hardlythe cession tothat Queen Victoria was to be hon- arrived just in time to give new courage to the de-sayany partyall that IacknowledgeIf fu-sion is right there, it is riglit in Georgia. If we have to theprotectiaii of the stars and stripes of tlie nobleStates, their capture of— —than I have flag [applause]lliis City hadaat ChaberfsSardiniansinto the;i.New-Vork.iAtlanta, (Ga.,) a member ofquieme spear and propagcr^o had been renewed.to men to oppose on a long Une where the hills 2,500mUitao- pr^^*""","^-,t , ordeIpropagateui;|1'she will unite to her preserveout Union 7 oftheIt wasored with aand that the Prince Regent. Iiad invited the greater part ofthe German Sovereigns to be present.it isbut undrKStoodthattheI!]I'(Englishttei^*r containedand are contest- theyfrom them when they shall come to understandbeen inaugurated in the National Capital. [Cries of The Ailtis and Bee saysfor Lincoln,expect4.Total,5,113.Majority•'"for me I" This rabble" consisted of athe batteries of the Bar for over a quaner of aaad have never IBnched. Have you had enough of me rannic a ctdlt- q\:i opprime le blanc comme a cellecoant of the Aetiaii.Special Correspondence of the London Times.Wenl*then!,' te*'there any dangerSdSe^on doing a ^verry foolish thing,us. 1 never Mde myMatter, for I have not been retained by any party tat 1 cinnot realize in my mind that this grand Unionhe has everarmy,enrage his people, meet his brother autocrat at War-i^wUl never fal upon Uuak there is nb'"P-'^he """"^"' ''"^"'^ »Wednesdayol, ,Lax^e of numbersfoughtMaria was quite confined to the outskirts of the towe, where the Piedmontese artiUerymen were behavingthe of emectations of aU partisansJLuike^SJbirdta t^nanr'and ^ertecTuSlMn^see it, [laughter] toSfatdS^ermtheface. Iamnotalawyerintlusme-from Port Clinton, that on the yesterday, says foMdcareer.I explainedWecan dare to hope scarcelyI have no fear in this matter. I know likii 1^1 in my bones, and that is a good barometer.Btarkiegatdhe enemy on Uie left flank. But before Itus in- mother and her priests. Unhappily, in the present swkhiritt,e cotton liosc. Could not tell the age, but of Gabibalki to advance continuaUy and rapidly, so curred, Uie .Hussars naa case, miUtary pnde coincides with the desire ofi. In d^ar.ligieusesLes annales parlemenlaiio^de> i:iatsskeleton koop skirt with sixteen steeWtat if Ln.TMS^bewill get Irto power "represshig national Ufeelected? The Republican Parlytque les premiers aaicurs de la loi du diniam-.l,ewhitehoops,Eurssed not very oldslim built.to until the arrival of the Ne- itwasnow temporizenewly-formed Hungartioandrive back ine beensentoutbythePorUCapuaand the repayingand crumble to powder in lessDemocratesque le f iromoteur de laloi de;Italy,It is natural, bat un-iof this Union1 ,000, and the other tbe Eber, weakened by equallybuttoutesliesCounty,24th inst. was there buried the body of a femaleyou inpy piedmonteseana aoieniuryty-always-lo ofthewas to thaindgoneofotphpeose;^^^^^ nis montrent"JJett)'l0tkJVEW-YORK, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1860. tion, avant qull dit droit de voter. Enfin dans cer-limM%«terl-and this is ^jnngput him on a ^[,Pff^i,'^owroC eyeif priat- ique. C'est lui—qui est I'ennemi des immlgrantes dsJ|^jj^ havecien parti Knmt>-Not\ing, hostile aI'etrangerfaitoparts,"'n'^.ffhteM Why, says the ii«n.w Po^t"„, he is publicain prodament que le parti D^mocrate a eese6it ? and laughter."] Whyshould Aas be Luiooi^tirets de la race tout comme il i'est blanche,liberty et des intir^ts de la race noire.from Stpied some houses with bis artillery.He gave vears he was in Congress, but did yon ever know'himEighth CancreasieBal ConTeatlaB. TAHXANT AltD MOZART BAU. UniTBD.Theto give up tbe idea of offensive intentions on the part of the Neapolitansa.ny As for Gaubaldi, although determined on tbe it would have tieen toonadonal or to give ut-did all his field scatteroUnolny, but likewise thgruenesbatteriesdefarUoimintehermorendoleniete-lo toltialteo any great nationalqsuenstiomne,nt T [" No, nev- terance any greataecooAU ofthe canraai ia fte interior of the tottoriMi would butTammanydo her dnty, Lisoow would not be elected. (Ap- a perfect blank, and his constituents might as well for the Eighth District held a meeting on Saturdayaad tbe Mbeio.State, «Bnoancingtliatlf New-York CityHall Congressional Conventionbank ander."] The four years of his Congressional career ^wasdeiensive,much against his nature to b^ there and do nothing ;the mortars ih>m the fortress beaaatooaen % tremendous fire, under the ptoteetlon of vAdSthe Neapolitans advanced between 10 and II A. M- Tber carried oace more the portion of the occupiedeventhefirstbousesleadingubpanlteoawdaer,dsaSntawere being made which, he have sent amaa of straw to rqnesent them. And evening at Hibbard ti McCoy's, Fourth-avenue, a Large Inareuc ef the French IhHue.] Arrangements tlkink ! hata takaa hbn from theso, while keeping on the defensive, he was making preparations to take the offensive at the first oppor- mnemomentIttdereryreasontobeHere,wonMresultmthe«- onboswcuwrhitayto( hiysouvillTagheeyIhwyers Hfe to make wMchCol.VosBcaepresided. Mr.,HsaaicKsentaI of Union candidates to all the cnpession^ him President of tlils neat and glorious oouatry. lengthy coaununication to the Convention, enlaining But, says the BvtniHg Pott, he is " younger tlum you his course wUh reference to the Conference Comadt. .fl^tthevoter^goh^tott^wojOd are.' He would like to see whether -'old Au" eoold tee, with Moaart Hall, and mslgnlag hisnnwinattnn inArtmjatRome.You will remember tbe heights of San Angelo and Angelo. Mbbioi and CoL SrAmAao, besides SAai- the Bosoodi San Vito from my descilptlou ofthe af- SALDi, did everything to steady the waverhu troops, fafr of the 1901. It is an isolated long range, which who, seeing themselves so much ootanmheied, wdtains autres etats Dimocrates on ne peat £tre eieoteur que si Ton paye la taxe.rules of strategy counselled to throw themselves first on the nearest and weakest, and try to demolish it.with tbe exception of tlie csifrM, composed of Vai Cacciatori of the first expedition, they went on Uka old soldiers. The enemy, wlio had evldentiy aU day long the idea of-lBtlmldatlng our troons with his cav-C'est le parti D^mocrate qui en fuaionnant avec I'an-made large for it. preparations Theyafriends in trying «o. '">/"!,. iLaughterO They profession d' intolerance religieiue, sociale et polit- irrival oHhe Itia and ofTheylhadconcentrated all their available forces from allwhile they had at the same time exerted themselves alry, charged ; but the Flcciotil, guided by the soUlers to fill up the gaps made by desertion and sickness in of Calaiahmi, formed groape, and not only stood fir- their army. The royal princes and the King liimseif ing, but bayoneted tlie horsemeiT. After this it wasCity/iietaiieu ACCOUHC oi tne prreat to summate loyalty and enthusiasm.Battle of Voltunuxrwere observable on the Polygon—an open camp for few officers, was for further retnfiraemeais to !f„?S? »TiS'Sfaln"?saying waiting "moln le discours de Jom Wuboh de I'Indianacette leuvre de faussalre. gramme do parti Republicain.As know youfor the last few[tLjaugohtiernjo_k_iv.M_imiyajn_ a__s, y^o^u_. [^Cr^ie^s o^f^ no, n^e^ d'avoir droit aux sympathies FruKaises. Us engagentThese figures are a 'That will never be," arid loud applause.] Let the fair indication ofXhe political sentiment ofthe city. ItFranceis stated to haveSardinia with percussion caps.of numbers of the ad-right,ofthisplause.] I will close these brief remarks by express-godRepublican Party.[.Ap-can nowday meet its Saratoga at the hands of the Unionone of the torrents dammed, cov-ered In this the carriages turned down, except'Wsstdiester Comity, among our countryjten there. try mayand Constitution-loving men of the landat the North, if the South in view of the late electionsSome of the German papers insinuate that BaronMiKSDORFF had gone to Coburg for the purpose of ne- way.abstain interference in Italian affairs may at any ^omhostUitytion of sullen neutralityandThey liad one of the largest and most enthusiastic friends of Union will meet them and drive them back into one common brotherhood, in view of impendingcould be seen burying party differencesmeetings there in favor ofthe Union, and 1 have spent with losses that will exceed the hardly-contested evils. If the South cannot or will not unite to protect gotiating with Lord John RdssellfieldsoftheRevolution. Do like men. your dutyThe God of our fathers and the great spirit of our an-cestors will be with and will succeed in you, youour in the Union, how can it be expected that land of a seaport in the Adriatic. rightsadvanced, revolver in hand, towards St. .\ligelo, and;kis once tunc aresolutionvrhtchwillbring forcesgaining a complete and decisive victory. [Applause.] At the conclusion of Gov. Stevess' speech thewhen Edl admit that a solitl South has still power to protect herself in the Union, and by our own divisionsinto Liscoln's hands?some skfrmishers on the—at least whal was left ot it majdf portion had previously retired.allow the Government toMr. Yakcky indorses fusion inSardinia. The coolness of Count Cavoue, his out-spokennessmeeting adjourned;thegoPrince John of Bourbon had again urged his claimssome inwhich front, wasfield dgainstaggravating aboutgentleman,countrymen, a proposition which was, of course, ceived with the enthusiasm. M. £., lag poliUciansgreatest FAaisifX, Chairman of the CenV^l French Republican Clxtt,The shellsand shot flew into the".-'' b"ut it is.speakersreason to be so. I have been following declaration, embodying what he believed to bodies. Further information may be obtained bya Refined Sugar will be taxedEurope. »U?r wSc'i^^.ens ^°«-Vencna.can hardly beUeveUiem. Man-fl^dtl: P^rtBor^o -'-be the opinion of the immense majority of the French dressing him at Evanston, 111.ed inan Atistrian army 40,000andhave it printed and circulated among the French resi-of New-was unanimously approved,orders were given toLcMSBEM, wife ofthe late Col. F. A. LnnsniK, Orleans. The description of this body is as follows Five feet two to five feet four inches in height. Onmachines,driven and did not renew its attack. More back,serious was the advance against Maddaloni. wherea column of 4,000 or 5,000 men attacked Bixio. itiuh „U.rferenceprnsp, rlti''de ne s'etablit ja-reserve, one the Mtiano, almost a skeleton of notDan... la diruii re M's(,ion dude ITnion le Kansas enDemo-Santathe the batUe in point Uie Bsttlc of Voltumo, greatestarrived almost at the same time, about1P.being dissevered ? It never shaU be. Loud ap- ihr;^ '";''^"','"'"''^'-':>''"»ii " I'etablissementq.ud'auUnte maUe The body of a man about five feet eight inches in Southern friends should de- n.mtidi', came ashore onBbm«n.1 Unless BW such a caiam- York I, i/'' I-'" "'"*'"'^ telegraphique entre New- height, clad in military pantaloons,orders to let any dis-posable troops advance as quickly Does FBANriB as possible towards St Angelo. The defence of t^anUgrHluite'de''t^rrTM',';;i^!,';„\,^,l" >.u?e°"de°D"e'r'(i;.,t „^*saw, and excite• order" for notiiingtthat prudent counsels wiU prevail with this" tiloni^iSil'c^I-ri;- '.I-Vkrf civiles et re-beautifliUy.Tlie first;le Congres partiMabia, Tuesday,Oct. 1860. 2,.ttaient est aussi un teini.eraiicemiddlingin supposed insults of the ItaUans.;A social di^tch received" byself-chosenenemy's cavafry, which ranged close;bythat tbemeltingtimi be broken downla distribuUonmorning at Michigan City.A letter received from Coroner Aracs,during his military former letter how, sinceforcesfromthe relative positions of the two parties beforeinterestre-is'and commit ^of.}itf*]ZL°l^^. mayo'^i«,°;ril. "».n .«lten. and ""stephasyetb"eentaken,S=',iu:^mi, ^^ ^acame to Capua and to tbe Voltumo to animate the almosttwo chief positions of^the Ne^ioUtans, were perma-et il a pr^sent^ comme le pro-of theing the local ascendancy with a degree of vigor seentheThe main interest turns on the election of Memberof Connees. Mr. Tan Wicx,Santa Maria and the edge of the heiriits held on the Voltumo. Had it been possible to puw quite close to Capua from Santa Maria this danger would have tieenGaribaldi stiU advanced with the few remainiM^companies in %e direction of St Angelo, as sendingone after another to continue the work of the Hui^;*^Slavery instancingtheJohnBrown theredemptionofMissourifromSlavery. HewasObatattBtiyi.waniYedatla to St Angelo, dose to Uieflver.ttiatfrom | ^!S?",«J* *%ti%i?J&^:i?'i.T?i^^?!5? *??-Kanywhere,nineo'doet,!ing raid,andtheallMedoppositionefBepuMtcanstotlie enfoiceaaeut of the Fugitive Slave law. He declaredthe Sardinianidentinnl withtoc-n«da vdthwhisk caaaeattiMseat the Tremont Temple. Twenty-five cents admis-the road from Santa Maria to theInriver, just was construct-de diji laother side of the river as this had on ; but, been goingfor some time without leading to any result hadcaused more than one false alarm and a sendingThreatening AcBOBStratioBS ob flie P« backwards and forwards of troops, most people began retumed with new forces to carry St Angelo. Notdaaoe. p--"!*""! Bepnhtteana had taken Idsoeui favor of laue C. |>ai.»fi.tim.Two ballots were then The AaiexatMB^f the Two Sieilin and the runs from tbe northwest of Caserta towards the Vol- attacked by such foimidable artillery, began to »m-vim beoaose a»r thnngit he had no weak poiais taken, aad at the second Mr. DiLiPLam was nom-inated.The Moaart Hall Bemocratie Convention for thetnrno, passing to the left of the plain of Santa Maria the day lost For hours the fight lasted, a contlanaUEighth JHslriet, also held a meeting on Saturday even- who was recetred with a sordial swallow, and digest hlra. tl<aiigh1ar.] For one he ing at Thorp's Hotel, Union-square. Dr. Baasroas MMfrnTof xSnekf, could not (o iti—he amst throw up. [Roars of then and there withdrew his name as the candidate,SPSKBorS0«.OKUtUWJ.REU(. laughter.] Bewouldwarnmerchants,ownersofbig andrecommendinedorMsre.dDu.tAben.CAoinivnenftoiront.henomlna- A^ to beware aad not vote so that the tian, who was byhaps,contestedi. Bub caiMi^dalatad UJaiaalf and the eountrr trade of the country would be paralyzed, and A series of resolutions vras then adopted, compli- ^t IP aMT were here to raise their Toicas for the Oeir ships be left to rot at the wharves. [Applause.] menting the two opposition candidates for thefr dis- CliWilMiillwtvHtheTTaioB. Ugelaiisej AUtoogh HewouldsaytohismanulacturlngfriendsandtoIlls interestedmurseinwithdrawingfromthecontestinsince. Itwas just one of those positions which he likes—com- their left and light, and then a hundred men were col-mwahincdhinigsthecotuhnetrreybuatllnraorurnodw,calosetomtahneyrtirveer,s ltehcetedboefhi"nVditvnaeGfairbsitbhaolusie,!"aannddthceasrerimeaddearashat rapid good cry the posWonlaboring friends—to the German and Irish laborers—favor <tf the union of the party, and urging all conser-yon are not inittiiigCapt. morningout the ire onAlia,LOTT, from OfthelUh,and river,domestic from your table, and bring- andi children. When thatsteamship 9o^leckonilieyouring ruin on wife they saytheyroad whichalong the opposite bank of thevote to exclude let them take care that Slavery,ing of the supporters of the JUpublican candidate for Congreain tlie Third Sistrlet, Mr. WuuAiista, to be hdd to-^^t in the square OK»site the Fifth Ward Hotel, eov. Nous, of Wisconsin, will neak instead ef Mr. Cvsna, the Governor-elect of Fennsylvanla,gained. Scarcely which a detached barrack isin mind the £ste of the gseutsheo.dlst Church, which has been rent asunder like avisible. had placed some gtms, wiiile lected at that spot. Besides the Brigade Bpangaro, their infantry hned the woods. As soon as sawvergecloud. tHissaa twS aaUianej Thatwas Uethodists. The Baptist Church was arrayed one_^_^^^__[Applause.]of Genoese Riflemen, the still advanced, imtU he came to theThis negro question the llepubli-heeding, company one of the be firs^ body. Here Brigade Dunn (lately arrived from Sicily,) gave orders to the Hungarian L^on and the Swiss port on Saturday evening. A brief summary of her retmnents of the Division Medici, and the body of companv to advance and drive them away, TheWothe infernal and eternal negro questionquestionCoTTitftitdtnee o/tktNeapolitans before them like A sheep.wKb which the Church had,cavalry charge of several squadrons followed, and did aoy right,than the man in the moon, if there be such a thing asOct. rages vigorouslyimgaed theki saideB. He tteugfat they were a man there Bat the £t>«iiii^ Pott and the TimttTbebattlerather exposed.glanceat themapyouBeteatBchhn. ReMUleawi wished to niarae the UacJc aaoiilw level ol the white at the poiU, and to sink be ^to to the lend of tha-Afiftaa.A^N!&-''Tkat%so.'> "Hniiiiriltoobad.oin bnt few TiiBi " VNaST'Dir! CaBna>s ataacb." From aikves ware to rise agafaac their maatera, aadtfea canvass.sayTerrilorlaL Uast week thethisdoctrtee in a letter from Joshua R. Oiddinsb, the apostle ef Bepobliean Ahoiltfonlsm, and embraced inarefalls just about the line of communldation betweentheir successof the—ano more to doHtw-Ttrk Ttmu. Mdburowh, Saturday,bayonet, driving thegreatsame time a considerable number of troops were col- Here theNeapolitansWe are requested to state thatat themassmeet-;TheItipubltam. Seetianar>artT wastheforaer ean Farty would never let rest till the country was who is unable to be present Other orators ef note 10th and Queenstown on the 11th inst., arrived at this lytheynotpotter'sOtfy of Wtuhaigton.fromon thestationed there since the 19th, there were successive-the column fire. they openedGabibalsi,I860. in this sec- that all they want is to keep Slavery out of the tion of the State. This, you know, ia one of thepoliticaldid not hinder them fromand following up37,deal of harm good to the little body of brave fellows, butpresent Republicanof tbeemancipationoftheslave,madtheoverthrowofthe conservativemeasureatallad^tedtotbepresent theLondonAf^miu^^tassertsthattherehasbeen ''^"^sSStn.imdoSsJeStoissues•So >a»iaade3K<er- of Mr. SzwaaD and Mr. Lmoiii was to secure tte and presented tbe election of Lzbcols as tbe only to by some authoritlc& The Paris correspondenttilethat the faigleal result en the suooess of thedaetdBss ofWrightsc^tfaeSouth. BeeMclndedasfslhnrs;no protest t^ tteae fawets, in thediploaiattc^ease,from the hillsplace,mgviseKastlmymay,feeMeantouteithrow Awakestiie werem most thickly wooded partsandmadeaand daned that true Democracy in- nothing, but will use their power for the oppression of The Fusionlsts had a large mass meeting at Goshen from this.that they are not opposed to the movement. spots, the Neapolitansrights of the South and to make this country entirelylb. Loraoui advocated negro free. As soon as they get into power they will stop at liant display.infullforce,verybril-againstentrySardinian troops into theThistriangle,whichishad chosen as thefr field ofpert*.' tApplaaseJeauattty,dorsed iL WouUne fathers of Dehweracy Uke Jir- one portion of the country. The action oi the Ameri- yesterday. It was quite spirited, and was addressed nasov. have IndoAed It? [" Mo."] Would there be can people themselves can alone stay this treacher-one Seaioerat of the country indorse it? ["No."] He ous movement. When the people of France struckOn the other hand, the Paris correspondent of the operationson our left, and as the chief attack of the the night all the troops stationed in tbefavorite battery, and an from Geikeral aid-de-campUawiTEsooninformedhimofthedisaster,whichwoold probablyharelosttiimthebattie. GabibaldiatMaa staited off, crossed Santa Maria, followed by Manciatrocities, Let not any mistaken idea of freedom, so called, lead our country into such a state of anarchy and bloodshed. We see already that the doctrine of LiKcoLN has been spread abroad that the republic can- not remain half slave and half free. The Irrepressi ble confict doctrine of Seward and the harangues ofone column,the towards St. left,Angelo,We are going to die, but the Itatians most win ^ut day; at all other points we have conquered." Fol- lowed by JOO men, at a rapid pace, Gabibaln, lead- in? the way in a small disabltM went lighone br two your Postmaster,London Tiiitesbyfrom the South. Gen. gentlemen Diz,says:protesthad passed town and had through^ecollected in the Campo, a large open space before theOhio. ItouttheNeaptditan territory, but it must nofbe understood with olive and other trees, and has only few open the San-Tammaro side, soon observed the siienee of tiiNov.and to be able to -Senatorand tbat on I shall first speak of the left column. Besides theNoBLX, hopeget doing good.Wadi,the towards Santa Maria.will be a capital opportunityrightgreat road from Capua, alongsidecoantry.tta^ause,]tialFiiion.riMarn Ibr Bxii. and three for the Union ticket,]-he BcBUNQAME and other republican orators, had alreadyknew that Mr. Bxu would guard the Constitution. warned the people of what they are to expect from(Cheers.! Then let this Union be cordial. The blood this party. 1 hesitate not to say that the in-of their wives and cliildren depended on the four or auguraiion of Lincoln will be followed in thefive days necessary to be devoted to the service of South by scenes of massacre, rapine and blood- day evening. Gilmore's Band, the Brigade Band, the and soliciting the faithful of all countries to contribute the main road towards the right,carriage,furuaid. ButjustasUieygotneartheCasirK)of&uie very large gathering, and offers aforPolitical 3Iiscellaay..A NOVEL TEST. allof St. which.\iigeio, some NeapoUtan Chasseurs who were lyingomvass,IMPORTANTSPEECHOFCOUNTDECIVOFR. BANISHMENT OF MAZZINI FROM NAPLES.taiWn«,U,GakbauibadlookedCaatjtahzazto.positiononthe thewoodsroonadb,othsitdheesyofitWith bartriois^hlietawndo greatThe CunardLiverpo^atfrom <^OTnstowa on the evening ofthe 14th inst, ar-heights. Several batteiiesItthe rest of the Brigade Eber toorder to guard this position a barricadeprogress of Black Republican ideas through the DoroLAS, or BRsexiNaiDOE, in a box at the door. The It was reported that the French army at Rome was ed a Uttie beyond this point and armed with fourNorth? 'They certainly are not; and if they, even now, exhibit overt acts of 'rebellion, what are we tototal result of this balloting was as follows:Lincoln,the river is so low thatto be increased to the large number of 60,000 men, guns. The country near everyGov. Stxvsits was received with warm approbation.He rejoiced to be able to speak to such a bo3y ofUniai men—men who, differing on some points, that a Republican and Abolition Government has •J,D66.Bell, 1,690Douglas, 406Breckinridge, 131cover it with a white mist, which makes it very difiScult to see, even at a tittle distance. Besides this, the torrents which come down from the bills have artificial beds of 15 to and covered wiUi bmsh- The advantage of the mist, aporoacbed quite close to the barricade,2,662 Scattering,;;;nioming the exhalations of the ground;and that the garrison at Lyons was to be put on a com-tion 4i>d the Uaioik [Applause.] They agreed thatIheir country should be saved irom the domination ofa sectional, fanatiaal organization. [Applause.] ItwasastrangedlscctveryatthislatedaythatourGov- devotion. Wewill nott>elieve thattheGodof fartheircalculationswererealizedthefiguresabove thePiedmontese. TheCardinal-ArchbishopofBene- andcarrieditatthefirstonsetdrivingourmenacrosspeopie of the Confederacy themselves prevent this, lorftisintheirpower. Godwillbeonthesideoftheto state that special effort was made by the50,000rians, w ithout waiting to countver.^arv, rushedonet. 'After a contest of twenty minutes, the wasretaken,andoncemoreft'poureditsstormof grape on the NeapoUtan froops, who fled in confusion across the fields. Tbe Hungarians, in this encuiuter, had 30 men put hors de combat, the NeapoUtans about 200. Gabibalsi did not wait to dress his wound, but hurried elsewhere. The day, however, was now won.THE CRISIS W ITALY.Austrian far War. PreparattoasFrom the London Times, Oct. 13.The future of Italy probably depends on theiswhich are now, and serve as roads. drytheforward and charged with theandand victory will crown such patriotic and take everybody ofi" at the hip^ith surprise. How nal Bishops of Ancona and Jesi, had been arrested by NeapoUtans, advancing byofBellandEveeettto castaheavyvote,thewood,these and takingthe main road towards St Angelo. Having takenbay- batteryGovernment. WehadgoneonsixtyyearsincreasingAt tills point Gov. Stsveks wa-s suddenly taken ill, it is one that we must protect and shield. And tliat that State, was expelled from thaf body because he Official information had been received of the reSs- right again liad not only , passed the road, but hadtliem through the storm by land and sea, and inutile resources that made us tbe first power on through perSs of the field and the wilderness. That earth. is a glorious inheritance wliich they have left us, andofthe Breckinridge and Lane Exe^^ve Committee inMr. A. V. Gasiiu,news wasThe Cits nf Wtukington's mails furnish us with fulldetails ofthe desperate struggle at Voltumo, in which the Garibaldians were so signally victorious.threw tliemselves Into the woods, and, scarcely usingIt is said that Fuaois II. and his brothers were pres- ent during the battte of the Voltumo, and that they ex- during present posedthemselvesveryfreelytothefireoftheGaribal-sodithatCapuapushing forward to the before Capua.very edgeCampoen us the same book which our fathers reverentlystudied and reverently obeyed. We will keep thisBible and stand by its precepts as our fathers did, andwill cite the acts and counsels and sacrifices of our written a letter in response to this action of the Com- frian Government had given rise to a report that a wards St Angelo. grape flyingsires into the impious Anti-Slavery Bible,mittee. Heforward movement was in contemplation. Accounts from Hungary continue threatening.the last, wluch was struck by a cannon baU, andwith the Frenchopposition Constitution,Its power, and says of the UnionWhat a moral power this movement would exert excitement was extending.counsels which may prevailEmperordefiesAngelotheywererightsShall we take the risk of all the horrors of civil war,reported grandfenders. The object w as to drive away the columnhillstotheleftofSt.in the rear of the Angelo; this;that I belong tois that I belong to the great and glorious Union I'artyof our common country. [Applause.) I have beenmore abused for the last month or more for thestand 1 have taken in this movement for the Last Friday evening the Friiich llcpublicans of of llie movement by dissensions here ? Shall Democ- Details of the shipping disasters by the late gales in chiefly by the coohiess of the Calabrese, who behaved diplomatists a declaration of war, the entrance of UieFifth Ward French Republican Club.friends at the Norm who will unite for the defeat ofracy, which has pleaded for a united South so long, the North Sea and the Baltic continued to reach splendidly. After three or four hours' fighnng, what-spirited meetingHotel,""ever could be of avaUable men were car- gottogetherPapaltaunts of tlie Europeanmonarch umil Uiere is no saying what aeverbeenaimsed before. [A voice—" That is nothing, Wash- No. 61 Murray-street—M. V. P'aidek in the Cliair. men unite. Let no madness rule the hour. Let fra-ofourcountryforegotheproffersofthispropitioushour?Mycountry-Lloyd'singreatanddistressingquantity. AmongPress,a new phase. Ward, reunis en asserablee, dans le but de chemise. On the fingers of the left hand were seve- ceed moral influence.Military There is^^^ nreVfn any sudden attMkpr«e«^•euta__ ^^^ ^^^g^j^^^jg^ ^^les doctrinescentre les imputationsRepublicaine,iniustes les denaturent et guihad been a false set and had been lost out.The second body is believed to be that of Mrs. Wn. Garth, of Paris, Ky., for the reeovery of which a re-soon decided. By noon the news came that thehad not only been driven back from thefr position, but had likewise been foUowed to the nver. ASar^-iNe»pol''''^ on throughouiu^^^^territories presseur d&la race noire qui compte quatreHeight hoop?'TnHlTMDaP^r time at least on Imperial paperteen.1,'rouKhoutintroduire les (JansI'op-niilUons three inches. Had on a:;inai- lian^ les rEitmaitnsiagreasnctlaEveusroopufvenrtq.suia toutes lei M'!i p^-se Mir le ncgre.-Great Garlbaldlan Ylctery—DetailedCapua. There were but two brigades remaining inplete war footing.i-yonderment of the Une, a squadron of cavalry, achasseurs and a company of artillery. The Hunga-;where the road turns up to St Angelo.Crown In a letter to the London Tiinea. turned to good account, but, LmcoLS's party there, shall we destroy the solemnity He affirms that a revolution is imminent in Spain.)asried forward, and the NeapoUtans not only driven Gennan soldiers, UicUHiToa WES abused," and loud applause.] But while The object ofthe reunion was to prepare for the ratifi- ternity and mutual concessions, upon things indiffer- other vessels lost near Thisted was a large cotton- back from their position on the great road, but like- Uie discontent of his own army, and their desire to they open thefr batteries upon me, I mind them not. cation meeting which is to take place this evening in ent, take control. Then will we lie prepared to main- laden steamer, the Arctic. Eight persons were wise the barricade retaken. This was abouto o'clock. retrieve their laurels, have combined to eicitc UieThey may just as well fire against a bale of cotton ast^ fire upon me. [langhter and applause.] My tablegroans under the weight of the anonymous letters.which I every day reettve from my old Whig friends.But they waste their time upon me. as I only open Italian these letters to read tliem and then to throw them jtain our rights in this Union or out of it"TheTO BE THAT or HB8. LUMSDEN.drowned. The ship Hopkie, from Riga, bound for During this time the fight had been equally hot at Bo'ston, was abandoned on the 4th inst. in the North Santa Maria. Gen. Milvitz, who commanded there,favor of AuoB J.candidate forin the Third District. An interesting feature of the meeting was the proposition, made by Dr. BaxNSA, anWilliambox,Congressstill youthfuldav may bringStates, the citizens of Vienna,Disaster.to join the club with twenty of his MORE BODIE^ RECOVERED ONE Or THEM SUPPOSED Gen. Sir Harp.tIjady Elgin —Smith died on the I2th inst.the,-in fact, even' one whose opinionSpanishVenetia,the last instance of which,pubUsbedWaghiHEtou.bnt advancegriucism waTjusti- cours a la fraude, il a fabriqui de lausses pieces, ti- 'n.n4'«ilA<) AAonnnf <vf *-\ttt, tl^^i. froops, while distributions of wine were freely used the Convent ot the Capanehins and the Cemetery, thedians. Of course, Gabibaldi was in the hottest of the obviated but there was no ;on rians. MxDici had in the meantime alsoon an equality With their masters. The Evening Pott by Mr. D. B. St. Jobs, formerly Whig Superintendent According to tbe ftris Pttrie the Garibaldians lost river over tbe hidghts at the back of St Angelo, but at It was as complete a defeat as ever an army suf- indersed the statements of Siuth, and says tliat if a oftheBaakDepartmoit, and aflenrards active in the 4,900—more tbaa Of RdyaUsts. first it was only accessible to small bodies of infantry, fered.company af marines wan eaUaduiKm to put down a Anti-Seward movement of whldi 6ov. Hmn was the 'and thus the heights were guarded by our troops. On I have no time left before the departure of the post'dflVBKMHialinterestoft<1he8c^hwaste gttiagldmsdf. cLmgliterj ButhewouldopposeTo brigade, andoneofMbdioi'sregiments,whowatchedovertbeto which weiquite 30,000, 15.000.< a ptaatatian hi the •oatn,and to wrest the leader. Mr. St. Jomt is a man of fair of con- Telegrams from Naples say that «n 9th inst there the other side of the heights was Sacchi, with bis to give you details, which 1 reserve for another letter ;sutuiy Shewo-knivesftomthehandsofttieblacks,usnextdutyofaUHt^, siderable wealth, and resolute in his resentments.wasacannonadeunderthewallsofHostiU-theroadfromCaiazzotoCaserta, butIdonotthmkibeNeapolitanswilltakethend put equalityHie had aoOeed tbe article becaase it-was next to one at-could scarcely oppose ^^ihd tt«ras proevedl^isMt the North was aB such doctrines as that, a:id would suppintthe opinian,hehasaverycordialhatredoftheTbelosseswerenotsoseriousasmi^ithavebeensentiments,burythe dead.- The cannonaderecommencedon tberightagain CasertawasGen.Tube,withpartofidsdivision.must be ether ttian mere difference of toand acoaserratlTe, but he would Gov. SiEvaiiB now returned and renewed bis fluential of the members of this State, and onglii to be theSlstinst, on tbe following question: "Do you chord of tliis arc. "The arc alone is £rom nine to ten towards evenin^^Pwo British sailors distinguislied1.while Santa Maria,Caserta and Maddaloni form thelitansearlyinbut couldupon that point. written by Jonn D. Damis,1The result hi this is District, however,and unassailable.aman. He is amtmg the most useful and in-the Vol-them the sfroke. finishing.[ApoliPHe.]GOT. anrsas nascifss.lawyer,good speaker,semicfrele, followingalong bending ba=k,before davfn from Caser-giveWe have fivespeech, the Chairman statingicans were hi favor battles of bis countiy. [Applause.] .Gov. SKvaaa The Republicans had a large aad spirited meeting; bearingthat hisarose from an old wound, received while fighting thereturned.<rf Indiana, declar-doubtful.in this place last evening. It was addressed by Mr.tvell, on aU ttiis long line the Neapolitans attacked with all their forces, yesterday at dawn.GARIBALDI'S PERSONAL HEROISM.A correspoddent of the Jourr^iU dea Dkb€^ says TbemostbrilliantepisodeoftheactionoftlwIstofOctober was the of the at the foot recapture batteryofMont WhenI left Santa I San-Angelo. Mnia,aal file lawB> aad said InotMeiedtheRmahlicain doc- OuHi 8«Ma'«t wnuwa say toreviewed the progress of the country during the lastand attributed sornaUonalpro^ritytoof Pemocrstie Re srgned jprlndiiles.descendants ?"KiDgVictoaEkaxiilhas arrived at Grottamare,—:ofIhvthe ISMVVB of Hon. Abba-firingCapua, Santa Maria and the spar of St Angelo, form slimistanequilateraltriangle,whichisiodlcatedpI— thebvipmiOle fiaeeaaiostafajiteiwntitinntrfaable, and tending to a noliifteatioa of all laws protect-llcan paper in St. Josephs, and labors strenuously forThe statement that Russia and Prussia had Issuedprotestsagainstthat of Ansfrla litknew Uiat this Thi moming.had been very miinh iMiihliltesixtyBothtor,aMissouri,ofverySantaMaria. Whenhearrived'years, tnomphyoungtheconflict thatthedeignsoftheBepohBcanParty#eictrea«on-the liad already begun. The three places,indispositiona able clear-headed,the hill linepopularorderingbyuniversalsufirageto betakengunsthe^day, onlyNeapo- be securedman fromline talents and decided promise. He edits a Renub- where his head-tparters are established.GAaiBALi>i,asu5ual,started ta, by the railway toa voteEiiAiniaL as ConsBtntional King, and his legitimate length.of the"Theers against Piedmontese intervention in Naples isverbal. They console the King, and urge him to hold out, but they do not say anything of coming to his as- sistance."The Pope is said to have rejected a pecuniaryin- demnity which the Emperor Napoleon and King Vio- TOB Emanuzl proffered him for his lost dominions. Atthe river, there is a the main road at a little dis- tance from the town, strikes across the country andthe Roman officialhaspublishedjournalA monster musical carnival," aa the pro- an article declaring that the Holy Father will not ac- chosen by the Neapolitans as the cenfre of thefr opera-"gramme expressed it,events,lies on the retreating slopes heights.man drove his horses into a ditch, and formed a barri-was held in Boston on Thurs-Germania Band, and Hall's Brass Band performed Inwhilesent one column and another to the^'ade of the carriage. Gakibaldi jumped up, indig- •from" Peter's for pence." Preparationscept a subsidyany earthlynant, and went up to the Chasseurs, shouting Viva Italia !" Some of his men coming up at the same time, the enemy became demoralized, and took to ftight. Gabibalsi was sUghUv wounded in the stom- ach, and his trousers were riddled by two or three bullets. "If I only had another pair,*' he said, and w ithout further remark he continued his march to- w aids a battaUon of 150 Hungarians, commanded by Gen. MooioBACT. He pointed to the NeuMditaas who were in possession of the battery, and cried out to them, "Forward, my lads, disperse that rabblebut the latest dispatch from Rome Angelo, intersectsmuskets and TheCardinal-^.rchbishopofFermo,enteredde les defendre ral diamond rings. Upper teeth all gone, as If they the report that Faud Pacua had left Syria, or that the had to be kept on both sides. But the struggle was.Uimocrate, diclarent;l.e parti Democrate ou fusionniste est aujourdliui ward of $1 ,000 was offered by the relatives of the fam- that the Citi/ of Sorfolk, lately captureduppart of ttftelr forces were cut off, and threw them-discontenedThe description of the remains and apparel found'''"aboutfivefeet skirt, a portion of aor shoes. Fiveon fingers, a locket, two plain gold rings and one chased. Had five upper teeth on a gold plate, rivetedin the old fasiiioned manner.The body of a man was found on the lake shorenear Miller's, Ind., on Wednesday afternoon. Hadon gray mixed pants, heavy boots and strap buckled d'etat around him.^inki^g in val"" exloned"ianddescribedasfoltows: or seven inches, black silkand infiituated Prince. His whole life has been a reUance on the instincts of his own arbitrar)' mind, or on the narrow teachings of hisin the lake at that place,tHweigShctdfciovtetfoenedtrsaUwers, high-heeled gaiters, fine drOjrMt,the appmmcbnorth, theCapua were cUangcd. As itthe Brigade Eber, were sent to advance, "hue ine MUano was sent by Uie Porta St. Angelo toobstinateus.que la Pennsvl from TT j. CiiiaLSSWORTB, Esq., Caluinet Station, apolitans,^1AL Dow.{^«y frffi to wait. Let them be In no hurry. vanie oil la tyrannle du dlmanche a tte la plus loiirde ind., says the bodies of four men and two women position. On theconsiderhatnido,n to tNakeeapotlheitoafnfsensive, drovl back Uie two squadrons, cutiing them down ano ThisOnion will not and shall not be rent asunder. I fut la citadelle de la Democratie que queU|ue« have come ashore near City West, supposed to have oUiged by every of the awkward in which taking a number of prisoners. „l«ftSn two yrars. f Cries ofdniuit know much about Liacaw, but I teU you what ^tatsdu sudtels que Ja Caroline du Sud, imposent belonged to the Lud^ Elgin. The Coroner's inquest and tn- to get outJ .53 to^SIdTbout him.will be held to-day.ata^ti.That's so."] I thereforeD^raocraieI'etranger, apresfortunate, that the Austrian army should deslnaa- other campaign agaiast the Piedmontese, even if itHe said,"What do youtrolsans desijourSlanaturau^a-they »xre,besides liaving toat a Theina»try'j^iilirt^^feyi^--"www.fultonhistory.comMiMMi;evening,to Uic gare.a^ndUntitled Documentyc/pat Coblentz on the 12thinst.,Emperorat chafes under the restraint, sad may anyCardi-leave his diocese at half anThe Roman Journal announces that the sum conthis position,field which ties along theroad inopedi. regular order of bat-there was a considerable movement observable on ourofthethreePow- day. During Polygonbehindtributed the faiUiful to the Holy See was 1,600,000 Ue. Their left had been equaUy successful, driving by ours from the trench near the river, and forcing themcrowns, and that it had all been expended. back on the heights of St Angelo.Thecolumn to theAdriatic.The continued preparations for war bv the Aus-rived. He had taken, with his staff, carriages at Santa Maria, and waTshceobmailnlsgaondin the mawienreroad to-to the immediate vicinili' of the town, holding the main road to Capua and the space between it and the railway. Some A grand requiem had taken place at the Roman light earthworks which he had thrown up lately were Cathedral, Dublin, for the Irish who have of good service. But the enemy brought up fresh and freshfroops,whichhokeptinreserveintheCampoSea. The mate and two seamen were drowned.already,daysW^v, -* .-theright Troops which had passed the Voltumo near Brigade Eber, the Ust resore, was called hgr the IMe- AmoroU showed on the road to Maddaioiti and tatoT towards 8t Angelo. Scarcely oat of the Mtas it towards Limatola; large concentrations of troops fell In with GAsiBAUt who, accompanied anj by adi Caiwa, and reaching the Voltiuno about two milesto the northeastof C^ma. It is all along a precipi-tons mountain on both sides, aad comes down just asprecipitously to the river, leaving only a narrow line, and only in the aftemoon the advantage beeaa place where tlie road b<om Capua, skirting the moun- to show on our side. The Neapolitans had^again torunstowardstheScaiadl clear the bnt stillheldour19th,every daysklrmisltingformed, andsent to threatenandhadlookedatitalmostlineswereriver to cover to riflemen, and a number of cess which had been give gooda ^1»halfbarges were brought up from Naples to be in readi- from Santa Maria an open space lies on the left of thewill show this. The relative positions of Santa Maria, Capua,the wood at half a mile from there is, indeed, a footpath which comes from the mained all night, and are stiU.Capua,where re- theyof Saccbi was Bixio with hisRepubli- the moming of the lOth, and was continued on the road coming from Amoroti towards Maddaloni. At expected. Many wounded, but few dead.large and then tumo as far as Limatola,which were left tbe byonwidi Italy to lie indivisibly united, with Victok miles, while tbe semicircle is quite three times that themselves in removing them.tte joinedbyiheroadcomingfromCapna.Power tions against this point, whatsoever,theyright across country to take the vUlageby in the otherabout, but the carriages still proceeded. When theyof St.in of the Neapolitans, who were drawn up there^sU^,«»n. d&ance'he never theoan^ecs^i-jtumadtedatthesftoeodtkoofjt«hlefihirlel^lwihe^caiwrilent. The royaUsts, to the number of 2,500, got round the hlB and rushing upon tlic guns, spiked five of them, and;be con- in line of battie. Fortunatelyi,n which fotrhimsedspaot was cealed that the resolve of the Austrian Government torindictiveness of Eng- remained on'the road. Through the road Gabibaldi Feascis Joseph. There has been as yet no overt act ofdoneheights above those occupied by the intruders. There more into thewas easUywas, fortunately, artiUerytakeleft in a new scries of articles insert- where the reserve was, to ask for reinforcements.would on the 12thThe instruments, &c., will be reduced.was before in the,by throwingusual, it was thepenetrate by a cavalry attack, but were beaten back, by us to-day, might almost juj?tify in the eyes ofasbayonet which decided. The Neapolitans tried towas to confine his defence obligedfortii. The people of Uie AusfrianV.lmstrf,nm\e»A- isMaria, afterhas ,=^^^5 („ warlike putpons. ^^^ ^^^^^^ strSSb- T*"'. "il^^^rate works on Uie nevresf mS5eL arsenals have been employed wlUiout Tife..Diunlnlicn turning out cannon, rifles, arms and muni- f ".. ,Vf S ar of every kind. The Reichsrath, which a r J^ monllis ago raised Uie hopes of sensible men the empire, has concluded its sittings, but it was time. The NeapoUtan butiets and balls were iin reloims are expected, for the empire resounds Yesterday was fought and woq by Garibaldi coming freely into Santa Maria, while Gabibaldi sent M-ith Uie clang of arms. Whatdoes all this portend? JoesPB Increase his burden anddetachments sent In different directions. The first wassent on by raU the second went theand both M. Andand then shut them up in theirother the were Uiough not more Uian 60 horsemen, they chargwldo positionwith two enemiessoon followed, and Gen, TtM ^to^o^k .tn^ebrought tht French Ewprror to the Mincio.Of course.;by road,this, battalion of BersagUeri. regimentsbile this was gidng oh on that side,restlag poimci^u worUi bav ing, no longer master anvfoily. prudentfavor of peace;but Uie Courtis'.withtlie oatil bayonetkilled several ofthe amnatthefr pieces. Gabibaxblodtheangry theVienneseCourtstillmaintainsits posi-pvL /;^rrr»/^-S:-S: ^of theregi- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.>«5feS!s;v_ 