 .Mr. BvoHAKAN is neither the one nor the other,Land, whither he had been sent for participating in the.requiredMorphy passed throughMaybetore Mr. Buchasax's electionand, it isIn Ltman and Chablbs C. Rich.—so that of the wholepapersapproacliingUNilllto «ecede lt»^-Wikiwfc.* crowd ofllfir»Hm*iooDtobeHottedoiit for-aMteiii„ iStani and •'•»• aR^^^rawCuingthat theriir^msS^^S^^^^ Tke Sick amBBANDRXTSni "VS^LiiiSU""f* 'WirtWfOAW^^ipto^be t'lhsiace.w— and apoplextas andsBddeadaaths: carese'ohts,eoeghs,aaHaaas,rhau- matiamandgoat. Asafe andanunrivaledand Innocent. MOSTPRIZEDWHEREMOSTKNOWN.exeiiaed fpr not wiah- FOtlTICS ABROAD.-moves aU teereatefthaand aim of the States fenaders of the Republic, and every one of the liber-was rather meagre. There were few hones. A veryfew merino sheep, with others that favored the South-giviof Sketches,Foemi,writtenopnatlyteTHx Family PAPBB. TheUiUionbeoBtbeALkniKTHB FAJSlY PAWKi Which WiU be for sate aUomtkelonder the PiesidentaUp of Hr. wtiieta lavolves every principle AS,inthenewnunAeroftheSdimiargk tiesbeoaeatbedbythemtotlieirposterity,theUnionAaaociated Fnu. roioR,MoBday,Oct.29.IHerehead'a Olagle Eye-1¥itter. TEEBESTINTHEWORLD.,which waa iaaued on the day before' the Par^ropo«« peace at any price, iiuimsatkjoen silence about MbfceU oi dlMontent, hopes to aUilgbtdownandtheCafswoLd,showedtoThe United StMM Coait of Claims has resumed there was uothiag very remarkable.advTahnetragee,weyreet» eenta a bottle.of the mail. The test ot the article is and by Drotetting that there is nothing wrong,The number of cases three or fourNo. 19RaTBsaadwish to directWalker-st., N. Y.tmUttd by HxLPn'g Ii rmdi Shka- Bn«s. as aorooer remedy (or the universal disoon- ^ ngOrititjfe^."he£hffioftbatVvefor the Union and the befo^ and the.MOl^ t^made to procure aa aafendment of the law establish-in I^ndon. The^asaocBtlsgent,wfal<[|iaHsy '-d"e-term"^""^vist"p-iy partiesareclosinguptheirbusiness,'ceasedto estiraated thatyoorele^UdD Iiaar.attieie,pl^ie, and shows a larger share ofprintedItfrom Deby Thomas, wife and three children, his wife'sBoTB' Fancy Suiu for different:cntdentfya'get. Noa. 131, 133 and ua Fulton- at, andwhich'a- fran- has given to the Southern BtalM, as sliown in the fact that of eighteenuiieoiistitutloBal.steps~Qf racent years, it has enlisted mostof tbesKxallaiceof theaatloo, though few ea lightened and patriotic men believe that any political party can now retrieve the Commouwealth, and the aifiicultles of the slmaUon appear to be tooas by rival and conflicting Interests exlstiug with re- spect to the Fanapia Railroad and the prtiposed com- munlcation at The remonstrants as aNeuf, by adozenmea under Sergeant Babbt. Tkaem- larants proceeded some thirty miles further to Rapidwhere In the they camped.were attacked for an hour'Refreahmesti of allkiBds eaa be beta cMaiaed by la- dies and gentlemen at all bonn ot the day and evening.— *efceaaeathtaW^'^iMieiiaBiE&if 'Aepieponderanee iU^haati Ojd nropertynear City-t ofoUgatcbical government." Mr. Schncr'sreminds us of the Seward, of two years ago. Hr. Lib-of fair fame in his own State,' and not unknowneettybaalthrpenaa. tsod.In the last year of his term of office," says theto a tremendousthe first thorough and unquestionable crowd of thethe Prince of Wales on the day of the military reviewin that city. Col. Lawrence wished to present tbethat now, after four years of sulfering from the assault, llr. SCMSEB, in the June before Mr. Bc- CHANAJf'S retirement, has deUvered the noble speech on the bafbarism of Slavery, which will beThis, looks like work. this with the certainly, Coupleduring stay city.fit. In every instance when parties are not aatMaland Mr. Cass' letter to Mr. Dalijas comes in for its share of free-spoken animadver- elon. DeferencetoSoutherninterestsisshownto liave been the guiding principle of the President's peiicqr, n^etlier embodied in that dispatch or in tiie elunge of tme observable in the recent reply to Laid X BirasxLL. The expulsion of free coloredmiles the otherthat weare to expect genuine triumphs of an actual of the Court-martial, on receipt of which he madesize of EricBson'a Caloric Engine, xxcipt exploding with thia frightful destruction of limb and life. EaioB- son's Calobic Ekoikx ia aa aafe as a Franklin atove. UpwabssorFiviHcnaasorthihAaxlaPbaotioal OpKBATIOir.EaiossoK's Calobic Eroirx may t>e had by the single engine, or in numbera, at the Caloric Engine Agency, No.164Dnane,comerofHudaon-at.,intheCityofNew- York.DIARY OF STEAM BOILER EXPLOSIONS. New-OeIeans, Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical Works ex)>loded, demolishing a portion of the wall, and serious-Slave-trade;'scale of thephonic and spectacular compositions of Mstssbsxk,on th^ facts recorded, bnt simply presents them asthe crying peace, when thereand instruments forWbeeler St Wilson Mannfltetariaa Cam-LOTTERIES,.such asThe second room contained farm and garden prod-uce,jdiUifanobya-tgtlwed.sfeatures of thedantisill have to rule, and as evidences of the ill-community sncceas of Mr. Bbchaman'sconclusion of the in play,to remember,Delaware to auperlntend the State Lottery, do oertltr thUdominaat minority, and ja no peace.""drawn this day LOTTERIES.:-It is long since the "mternalican Union Jiave occupied so large a share of the attention of British journalists as they are now do-and slowly creptaa the writer in theobaervea, hi opening his subject, " a movement in J[^,»,-MatitlokeabySwitzerland,asignofmu-and anon giving us a slight, cold, sprinkling taste noyance to us.66, 63, WitnaaaV, S3, 37, 66, 60, 25. oor hands, at Wilmingtan, DeL, Get. 29, 1860.SBOROK O. GORDON, JOSEPH SEAL. JAMES DUNCANAddreaa Box >• N^'2eSp«^^^New-Tac*taf ;«9r,Edinburgh ReviewtlianBBchinea, and aner some six weeks' experience withthe deepest significance,participate,spunTETTER'S BITTERS,ioua diarrhoea ia one of those tlfaaai nl|..!is implicated with the growth of iBWrican cotton, English readers, we are told,pees have Inproveaents over all. This Is tbe only ylaeecbV^-S|eclS5r, ware A gebeS^BortSient of fine platedasThe bowela never aaaaaa;**which the new Presi-AOTHORIZra BY Tbe underaignedthe State of of the Delawarepolicyoffiivoringwas somethinghad trod the boards for half a century.at times.der, lightning and rain sliared the time between them.SEWING MACHINES,With Hcmmers, Binders, Cordera and Markers,politicsbut one difficulty, that of getting conven- To obtain them they must go early, or se-enough,the mountains,of tbe UalCtMaaStatla^a.mA ^ctvftee more attention in England ttmn b-- oljtalncd To-night, .No. StW Broadway, New-York. Batehelar'a Hatr Dye, Wl«a aad Taapeear-ft CO., Wibnington, DeL, or St. Louia, Mo.tite Britiah people uttmmn%aovercomeasensationofwearinessand ments.at rotad old establishment ofakiil of the pbyalclan.maiiciailiefbre they can throw theu: ndnds into the of American a&irs, even during a crisis like Iha aceaant." The reasons assigned for this dis- taata aia not very complimentary. English politi-"tellsns, areperplexedbythein-lltllWhl>p1'n""^^^-^--^efnew parties, and by the uninlel-Babscm'bhU Brethren," afteris witl»i>t a liral as a besatifler of tbeFliinilB- The 'tfNrVEBSAL—a new aad Uapnved Range.^rtt-" ttaifMuseum.—Thedramaof-'Josephand articlesonexhibition,exceptingwerehungon ^r??;^ iSd oMDplexion.L 'Thisia the truth,no fiction,Tl««a«-MSJuNMrwiS_, acceptances, *c, to eoUeet, can r*ouaGnoNSbudemjf^ga^pd ' tBiMhnwlnastrels have a series of new•The com seemed Inferior. Indeed, most ofDBA»TO» ACi f^^^^^f^^^[Of mo« of them; disgusted by ef party language tluoughout theat the captioD* temper andprobably by the next steamer. NrBLO'8 Saloon.—HooLXT &country In diameter,very creditable potatoes,r¥., «skln,_dlr-!t egngttoas w.^^ N^w-Y«J Presideat Baehanan for tbe Iiedserdeea CentralwrtlVand boys hi* hau from the hatter GEO. ^ITK. have ttwir baggaga ehaeSii through to aU |fiael»alof that no. xis;,ofthe Amer-half clothedover the valley, hiding the stm from view, and everWIILCOX * GIBBS' Patent, he has purehased one of and them,asthett>tadaptedtothewantsofhisfamily,andDfcpftt No. 419 BroadwM' Agents wanted in aU pMtaspproach- heea the'«faaeait*tih»o«oitiker«part^».. "Hiei.Ouloahaving isthMn referred to, as showing bow thehas been created "by the flagrantiWitl^Wiwt of Hr. BucHXHAfi's electioaeering ma- while 'their rival. Mr. Douolas is stumping theEnglish, men among the Indians.piWliftin Congressjas the shrewd and sensible politician of aSapablieaBPntyhomely prudentlyStates.' Mr. Lincolh would gain nothing by personalthe wagons being abandoned bv the emigrants,Babbi8~Pxtti£.—Inafternoon. Oct. », by Rev. RoUin H. Neale, D. D., Mr. Jasies W'h. Haxbis, of Woburn, to Hiss Ahna F. PxrrxE, of Foxborougli, Mass.OIEO.(iiLBXBT.—In thia City, on Monday afternoon, Oct. 29.Mrs. Hkien M., wile oi George B. Gilbert. Jr., in the 33dTaar mraatTear lavxseaan'na Ltvia, Tan 8*1(81TaarBaanAn noAas laa ASraomoiaaau nanaPiioi 0*1 DoLL&a A PAtxaaa. At 4U Bioadwar. New-Toik, aadaBA PaaiaLit eeaunrawIbUovlng aad luay other vaH-kaowa«M|||pi7,aiidttteyet; canvassing byIa^xdntedtdevotedly However precariotis and meagre may be the life of Italian opera among us when Italians sing It to American audiences, the Italian Opera of a German company, addressed to Herr agree-Hon. W. H. HtKiPKB, member ofElisa- 4 montha and 10 daya.,nected,whom are married and respectahly settled. The of-packed aad shipped teaBiattaagfcawaaM. ^v_eoadsttbetween theWith Mr. HoopiB, started the remnants of the com- whom he bestowed those attentions rightfully due theGbant.—In Newark, N. J., on Friday, Oct. 26, of D. C. HOREHEAD, M. D., No. 19 Walker-at., Hew^aidE.-:them TheyyoungestHia faneral will take place from thereaidenae of hia'respectfullyin-more flagrant corruption of '.Ito^iUtein&ttation."' imtt a brief notice of the state of afl'airs> Kr. ^ctwsAS was elected, the disturbancesbe Theand sliver. steamship Arizona,LSlave law, the writeri aiiow how the President carried out bis* done. Mr. Dodolas needs no description. The lit-hearingattack, immediately yearage.Fugitivepro- ministrationing liis secessten from the President's paAy. He iias ver, bringing five pasengers. Including the messengeron the 12th, where he found HAOiBTr la no enviable"excited dlsguit by aoout speaking and canvass- go'ingswithout food or sufficienta small of theproportion sugar-canePER80NAI,.—Two of the volunteers who were attached tothe unfortunate expedition of Gen. Walkei in Hondu-ras,—E. H. Harper and B. Hand—were la Augusta(Geo.) a few days ago. The DUpattk thus speaks of "generously reUeved their presang necessities at his own expense. Both of them are very intelligent men, and give most thrilling accounts of the death of Walker, and of the condition of Col. Rudler. The lat-was not a little curious .condition,A portion of theJohn Just No. 34 Weat 37th-st., this (Tues-Kotld," he says,a President from Pennsylvani'a"^ ing^ in his own behaalf. Governors of States have oc-of HiKOXLXT A Co.'s Express, with $2i,000 inclothing.were left with them.None of the emigrants' property was recovered, ex- cept a yoke of oxen. The party returned with theresidencePALUI.B—In this City, on Monday, Oct. 29, SriPBU H. Oaa,doiiiig the election, and the fol- t, fitom the tear of injuring Hr. Bu- ptoayectt first, tad next, embarrassinglOo'clock.A. Elisabeth, N. J.Her remainswili be takentocoLif ,tnat there were some whitestaying at home he avoids the diffi- culty of conciliating irrecoiiCilable parties, while the object of his nomination secures the activity of hisby the repeal of the Missouri Compro-the passing 'and attempted enforce- tle giant,' as his friends call him, has made his ownfVfoa the Preaidentsitip. In his inan- the saaie moment and by a common policy. The Ir-Three himdred bales of cotton, in the Unionparents. No. 41(10th-av., tUs day, (Tnesday,) the 30th, lie piofeasad ignorance of the na- -deciaisn, bnt so earnestly exhorted te. a reverent acceptance of it as torepresalble eonlllct,' indicated by Mr. Sawass, must be encountered and dealt with In one way or anottter. The man who mlgfat so preside over the struggle as to bring it to a favorable issue, would be true comrade of WASHQfOTOH. Such a man is nowhere recognixed at present."This conclusion is not very encouraging,' and weInsured._Tke Aftica Oatward Benad.tbe family are reapectfoily invited to attend. PiHciHxv.—In this City, on Mbnday, OcL 3a, Coamux A., second dauffhter of Ttlomas and Ann Maria Plnck-Ko. 41 Park-row, Vew-Teck Vm» jomrBoonBkoaN. B.-Advattlaeaeati lasaatad at aheaiera as to what they had to afterwards, the celebrated judgmentFriends ana relatlvea of theis familyWMrepudiated—— Thededmon in the Dred Scott case, theway into the courts. The coinplainant, who seelcs fordivorce,isthewifeofs^lawyerofhighstanding,said Therelatlveaandtfriiendsotthefamil,yarereaneetfnlly elesantaadeaiieiuiTa,atraaaiaibla>na«i.»travels to Kansas, and the correspond-Serioaa ladlaa ecllaaeeaa New*.troat the aad i ylalaexpect.and the nation was informed trust will not be vindicated4Sth-st., without further invitation.' sziated everywhere inthethat it was aMEBKB*as AND an i'oubth-st., n. w.cok.^itI iaalllutioo, without exception or reversal.son to alreadyin Cleveland are DepartureaftheDele(ate—AfriealtnralFair overacaseofdomesticinfelicitywhichhasfounditslocallythe case' as far less des- perate than the reviewer considers it.Amosementa. There can be no doubt that Germanscandal-mongersgloatingBepublic sightednecessaryCABINET FUKMliTUBB Wi Saparlar Parier, Ubrary, naing aad 1raen the President and Gov. Walkeb isto aiiow that the former deserted the man which ranks third or fourth in size among the Teu-to be worth half a million of dollars, respectably con-himself, and promised to tonic capitals support,of theworld, sistersis just as over the sea.being aon of A. and William9IOKBEnAl>>8 SIAOIC ' ETB-Vrj«iiK»THE BEST IN THE WORLD. 3S CENTS A BOTTLE."over to the howlers." Thismusical asand anyof itsCongress, lady, left this city, last Saturday, for Washington.scale of morals as to become a or free- spiritualist,beth A. 1 Herring, aged year.'step, President and Mr. Douolas, to be now determining the course of the iJential election, the policy of the next four and probably the fate of the Union. The ca-,lover. 'In this new association he lound an affinity onFuneral will* take place thia (Tueaday) morning, at 10 o'clock, fiomNo. ItSBloomfleld-st.<jf his wipport to Mr. Buchanas enlarged upon.night, though the temperature of the world and of the Academy was decidedly oriental, the opera of theing to the liberal contributions of the faithful, insU' gated by the fatherly Bbiqham.indignantly Tbe relatives and frienda of the family are invited to story that Col. T. BIgelow Lawrence sent In a bill of attend the funeral to-morrow (Wedneaday) morning, at ^100 to the City Council for the use of his house by 10 o'clock, from her late residence. Hudson.av., South Berjren. within a short distance of the terminus of the.KliiWtjl thntlte better they are aatm-sM|'sMkof tnmora. eratVrebatHiatlimi'*«"" i*-la Vtaa* tkemaoblne.'graced the centre of the room, aroaad which were arranged millinery and laffiei^ ftaey work, with a small portion of the toBMdleiae ia the world. Tbdr oaaldaBaariWbewela.lilt never been so easUy «fc»yllaw»ttimgKkrmHIt the present moment, when the aibl- tntydtvialgiiaorpaity seem to have disappeared, andOe aatlaDhas massed itself under the two'8i«at denominations of Democrats and Republicans. "14" lays the writer, "there Is nomioaliy a thlfd combatant just now—the Hnlun Party—U U antime, and-PaeUe, dfee.WAsanraroa, Moaday. Dot. 39.Mr. Baehmw>J ittention hu been attracted in the of theiciicles of Loodoa to an utiela on the Hfe or ptaoticat vigor. WhUe the opntesi Is onethe ekeapeat Hearapayer ever iianed Sold at Dr. BBANDRETH*S Principal Offlce, ho. »t eatltlad•pbennal phenomenon, bred of Ue passioiufrom abroad igr atsM days.tion of Kaie e. pItaly occupies the atten- a.flowers In pots. The show ofCanal-at., and also at 4No. Doioa-aqoare.THB PAMILT31 solid cOlama* efebotee ORianfAI.A.mfettk OB tke it>nii>inn of Kmlm as a Free oligarchy which surtalns it, had broken ap the bal- thousand dollars befiStej^enDtntgUt,Xr. SnufEB'sConstitution whfoh existed Slavery,thising tribunal, so that awards not exceeding three8til*,lfr. BTInmtti Yon^ of loir Oration at Boetaa. aiicl Ifr, lEhUnAa'S week on America,ance of the one and the. bearings of the other. The Union Party Is so manifestly Inadequate to the re- aulrements of the time, that It seems to be used mere-final, Initead of having, asMr.wfaidi ie wdtten with ?a'^S*e^^Si^^£S^iIiiS^^d^t'^.**^»'«i^am politics than is usaaliyof'iEhe Atlantic The wriU»r bumore&TIf the factious So«t^ can beCounty,Pleree, wife aad two chil-" was Huguenots"witli no cspscliy of longlivestock in the Tithing office yard,Price 3Soenta per box. Direetiona in most languages.PAFCS.*,tkttm. ~'ing their teoiporary hnportance to Improve the chance of the Democratic ciuulidata,ta tke kepe thatmother, Mrs. Chambers and Thomas Graham, from Lafeyetteflgnieso^edEXTRKMBLY MODSRATB.theNi^t&'wUlnotJtli'The sympatliies of the writer are strongly wit)i tlie BepvUican Party iTor BINbGy* KBBRAY .'I^MiiiMt' itb 'anriyeis of our parties, the '^iaieaf wlliali'is so perpiexingand nn- k^. 'feieicneis, bat cmfines himself toiiu<»tb "«rf"tliatiMrty under the stiisnhu.oriir.Bv- Hr.Buchavab'B l_;sort, keeps quiet, as Mr. Bill does,Onthe Indians hitched up the oxen and drove them off a mile or so before the work of plunder commenced.On the first attack the emigrants sent off John Bbock and Thomas Gkabam to Col. Howk for assistance. Tiiey overtook Sergeant Barrt, but he was short of ratious, and could not go to their help without sup- plies.Knaar <• lai NaaiaatHe Is forward the ambitious and put byfrom Brazos $164, COO in specie, is below coining up.supporters.the great Northwest, which wants to send a Ftesident to WaslUngton, as North and South have so often24th, withT., Sunday, Oct. 28.Col. HovB, onimpression on all observers of Mr. BccaucAs's ad-N.tl.e relief of Uie emigrants. He arrived on the spotand the prospectofhis succession is not a bright or re-assuring one, on anyground, notwithstand-mail reached coachthis cityatiout"The Indians hid on the of the appearancereraoBf,win be seat toaay addnaia ,^«g %d^acasiioinonaallily putalee of such a state of tilings. All were Tlie first time in the history of the Kepubllc that tbeoffice of its Chief Magistrate has been dragged in the I of the tacit understanding which had mire. Mr. Dodqlab is as sincere as; (7,000The mining news was unimportant.Ginaj WasUagtaa. D, «.br some time between him and the Su- ourL It' has since become known thatprobably any prominent public man who has quitted the etliicalGov\ Cnrtin, of Peaasylvaala. Philaqilphia, Monday, Oct. 29.A report having been current here that the Governor elect. Col. CuBTzr, was dead, we are haopy to assert its untruth. He is in good health In Boston, and speaks to-night at Providence.but there is^ommenced to make molasses,I Wf T*fc yeara, Bav. D. Caoax, Agt., AH.BMa tMh^KT;position.tioops.at March Creek, by Lieut. Sandebs. In a distressed Ilia friends are invited to attend hla funeral, from theforth their claims in but this is person,dustcame also in the hands of^"^^^TM^^ «gold passengers.DunOoL. Sinm Oeu, Harttoid, Ocaa>OoL. Oaai. Hat, n. S. A.Bar. JoaaVA LaAvnt, Id. htiifimlmd, B..'dbasis on which the great Republic was groundedbutatBaiaas,ttavlng quitted it to follow a questionable trail, he can of the Court on the Dred Scott scarcely satisfy the highest order of expectation onRav.Rev, Da. Iianaiaa, Baelar, If.HcnioBArjKvunrai ACNiHor FOB ALL HBV8PApn»nniiai, lieen ftvmed for some months, and com- eithei^lde of the Atlantic. It would require so great a mantoestabltsheven a working agreement between Ito ftoee wttom it most concerned. It the warring sections of the nation that it would t>e un- reasonable to anticirate so much as even a temporary accomraodatlou. 'WASHraoroa h<"na«ir never had soH.hard a task before him as to govern a of enligiit groupened and a gcaup of Balf-barbarons soverelgBStatei at ''City,Monday,HaxBisoa,result Clear- observers on this side the Atlantic see rea-regarda German house, always prospers exceedingly.panyby.theand we hope they will meet with sympathy and all"reviewer, " the affairs of Kansas remain to besetded, ajod are as doubtful and dangerous as ever.It v»»s in asserting the right of the people of "Kan-sas to reject Slavery and its institutions that Mr.SuKNas was struck down in the Senate in the ive, true to his faith, less true to his notes, but al- in England two of the Twelve Apostles" Amasa —The Montrealtnodied upon, and with the increase of the prac- sometice of kidnapping hi|the|Free States, is referred to that character. In Europe, as well as in ttiis coun- my,"In all times of great excitement. Purge.B. BKANDRETH,Iv injuring two persons.ABoB of the Slavery question is held to determine___^___pOliCTNo. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 183 Fultoo-it., Brooklyn.RadicalCareofHernia.—Dr.S.N.MARSH,of tbe well-known bouse of MAKSH & CO., No. 2 New-York,devntosspecialattention to theVesueryg-iscta.l.of his Radical Cure Truss to all cases of however complicated. A visit to their establlsn- meat will sBtiafy patients or their physicians that he isWOOD, KDDY fine dust Female Supporters, Shoulder Braceti, improved susaen- DELAWARE, KENTUCKY,movement, and thus the changes of"Dep-eiety publicat Washington during «B tka 0lxve.ttadeftn^^fot-Saints" from the uttermost parts ofNOISELESS SEWING THE BEST IN USE FOBthe last fourand Cuba questions, are ac- ' "Okt foreign policy of Mr. Bctcbam-utations of tl:e Territorysemi-annual Conference, which convenes to-morrow, and may last three days.The " State Fair" also commenced on Wednesday,"trTi^H riwafere.tntwoorthreepages, SlDBOSS. ftiod,"^"^'^'''""'"Vcf PERFOBMINOTHISIMPORTANTDDTTvdttewviewerrrtnmatodomesticquestions, audiaallr.HHJlB's book, 6oitt Which copioustheand however, can scarcely be called pro- ay was one of those very disagree-AMERICANINSTrriTTB.yearsthe are arriving every day to attend the great'.The witches were above the fly by night," arrest ofMr. Sakbobn at Concord, and the rerjO « deservedly receivef) piuch applause, Altogether }hemakeour look cityquite livelystirring.exttaeuaregiven,theHarper'sPerryinVWion,terror in Texas. The writer makes no comment bl*/to treat all cases requiring mechanicalra -(A, tklll andinocess. Also, a large assortment of rsry liberal with. The wind blew In strong and fitful gusts sflkand Usle thread elastic itoeklngs for variooae veins.on native whisky at the late Fair,ined and passed upon your Boorbstda ii>ailiil aaand Initnimental con- event* of the greatest moment, and indications of '•ert, in which Mme. AioiA BiSBOr, Dr. OirUMarra, andfrom one room to another.In the first room, leather, bed-spreads, and home-THESUaiMBRin the United States." Mr. MiKAKDA »1Ucelebrated Mtablitliment ia removed to No. 1< Bond- rt Twelve private rooms tor the appUcstioD of his Hairby amedicinewUahtwenty years agowho has been staying in the Territory for several weeks, left Camp Floyd last week for Carson. The Captain will likely vl.sit San Francisco and the Sand- V. ich Islands on his return to England.experienceient seats.cuie them in advance,No.68, 53, J, 44, 19, 6,sungaudience,Amongst-" Twelvethe missionaries—werethreeofthehorse railroad from Jersey City.season.Of the performance there is little to-be said. FobhesApostles" OasoH Pbatt, Ebastus Snow, equi[>ments of the horse to The Prince as a iKTSonalI am now prepared to offer one of the I extensive atocks of ready-made Fall and*ing ever offered in thia City. This itoek la iis the Marcrl we all linow—vigorous, earnest,ttiis way they were gi\en in the name of the City of the States and the latter for England. There are now Boi-ton.manufactured from the latest ImpottaHnaa, made In the most tasty style and CuhioaaMs Articles in thia line will be aold less than at a.of Kansas, he forfeited his political of the evening was Miss Natali, of Philadelphia, a tainly shall appear justified^in expecting "shortly to reputation, and he lost hisbejt ally. In^etum, h^ young contralto whose success is more likely to be hear of great things In the land of Ham, or Shem, or gained nothing. The South, for whose Taror he achieved in the direction of the triumphs of Japheth, or in some other cotmtry.Monday wayCin- toNew-Orleans TheChessClubthesubjectCollinsville,Ind., instant,says: To-day one of the most awful calamities that eversacrificed so much, is not benefited by theGapt. Rdth, of the Indian Bureau, at Washington, meet some of their players, but hr rieclined, pronfistng portable engine and boiler recentlyput up by Mr. J. A.VssTVALi than In that of the Nantier Didiees fice, and would prefer for President a Northern~+ the D'Angries, or even the Miss Phillipses. Miss Na- man who should effectually suppress the Slave- TAu has a fine person, and a voice ot respectable com- trade, or a man of its own way of thinking, who pass, though not remarkable either for power or puri- aiwinld be able to cope with the spirit of the North. ty of tone. It is still in the category of the veiledsscq-arrived by the last mail from the East. He has come to look alter Government propertjf connected withto accept their itivitatiou when he should again pass Logan, on Main-st., opposite &Irs. Wickliffe's residence, through the city. burst with tremendous force, instantlv killing Mr. Lo-—OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*found it ; therefore he is deserted in that quarter, the whole the *' Huguenots" was as well reflected last mie, passed through this city on his way to Camp of age.P'loyd, to attend a Court-maitial in the case of Lieut.-YYT YYY BBS YYYYYY 888888.YYYTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMO BALLOtrSFATBNTIStFKOTED FKBNCH TOKB S. Patented Nov. 1, UM.as in die North and the West."F-F^fFFFOTF mrryrt TnFTT FPnrnight on our txiards as its Herculean proportions will The reviewer next glances at Mr. Buchanan's admit, in the present condition of an operatic devel- policy, domestic and foreign, in regard to the opment. But it is rather in operas of the calibre andCol. Hovi, Second Dragoons. Col. Howi has been Political Safety Talve. Now, there ia nothing which a " small portable steam- for several months in the Fort Hall country. Forty voters: IT IS NECESSARY YOU CAST YOUR engine" can do that cannot be done by one of the smaller"Bear river, on his return, theBALLOrSFOR THE RIGHT CANDIDATES, WHETHER ELECTORAL OR LOCAL.Todoso,theheadmustIwclear.This will be secured by a liberal use ofBRANDRETH'S VEGETABLE UNIVERSAL PILLS.Semiramlde" than in the colossal sym-academic force.For to-morrow evening Germany is promised its " dearest dear," the *'Der Frel&chutz," of Von Wsbxb.preparations and started ahead of hla command for Camp Floyd, passing through this city a week ago.On Tuesday the remainder of the dragoons, re-Mr.CouiDOCKplayedMacbelkwell. Hr.Dtottwasin the Deseret Store, in this city.togetherPair and Conference'^ Nxw-Yoia, Oet.JI, MMk-asaverage, and the weird chorus, " We-very goodMacduff.Thepitious. WednesdWable »;. T^SlI- csu'JJall day, filling the air so completely with theground d'a lie roads by a Summer's travel an4 traffic, that we could scarcely see half way across the street,adaptation ture,rup-was \*ellcrowded house testified their approbation by iitliiill- mous plaudits. The applause which greeted Mi5s CcsHMAir when she appeared before the curtain, at theoee'&slo&allySndsrepeated calls, even if sheMiss CcsHiiAii will repeat Lady Macbeth to-night and on Wednesday. In seeing her her friends wUlplaced ttporl'Jig!>lsWiAND MISSOURI STATE followsresponse for an actress to•Governor ofdrawingsthe Ibllowing are tbe namberaNiBLO'8 Gabdbi.—Mr. FoaaasT, Uat evening, made his first appearance, to four years, as Othello—examined moretwenty dilTereiit kinds of sawins-OAK OBCHARD ACID 8FBIMO Wi*Beaton. Mass., on Thursday— I.emigrants,liam,name imknown,given:Bora'Bic ( R088AKNew-York,CorrM;mKtenee oftkt New-York Timet.GaiAT Salt Laki Citt, Friday, Oct. S, 1860.andthe father ofa of large family—somesiig-good bulls,creditable steersSold Racers dc.v >.<.^^ i^U.;CA 0. MAvER.aged B2 widow of James Maver. and daughter of the late Dr. Robert Halated, of Elizabeth- town, N. f.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her faneral, on Tuesday, the 30th inat., from tbe Flrat Presbyterian Church, corner of ith-av. and llth- Bt..at U.W. O. F. A.effect-" —EKIC^SON'S CALORIC ENGINE.Purchasera of motive engines of moderate power some- eetabliabment in tbe City. Youths and boysiIcharacters. ThehousePowers, ot a wa.< crowded, and It was with difficulty, from our one upper. Being small, they were very inconveni-TheoarativoPropertleaoftUione of his best Shaketperiaacliaoge of iBOOdin tlie French newspapers, excit.s own experience, that a distant view of the stage couldTheheld in three rooms—two lower» to the least liabletual confldtBCe amongthe Germanrequire repair.Olrenlan, eontalnlng achemes for the month, will be ailed free of charge by aending toa vocalsage-waysRtrill takeYork Fire of All Department. Tom TATWa'S playclothmost of two or three ornamentalthat Glitters is not " Sudden Gold ," and the farce ofand bridles and aof stovesfilled up theyii^tStf an properly understood and made.Thoughts," arcofcrowd» ABewitl'^tt^aavleatea udeeiredLUCIC3 HART.—being performed for one hundred times, has entered on a new lease of public favor—Mr.Bixmni having improved itsthe walls..dragglsts Priae.cosmmes and new scenico measure, also, Cona>-8 manufacturedaiB is ao pmtwo weeksceeded by the Aitecs, who wiU arrive la thiswiU teofinQovem-Linits rdations with its allies." The writer kind they are certainly the best ever offered in ttiis last year's exhibition.0idniaina,of theWashingtonhowever, that his countrymen are counlr}'.representaUon by new effects. TheSiameseTwins longer, when they will be suc-"nie meetthings whitewto order, No. «1 NaMAu-at.. and No. 381 Broadway.Icrowd this favorite place of amusement. OfIn this room appeared hardly equal to— abaolnte and lnBtaotAne>->as cure of r-Arne. The No. wi Herent-V^aad tewna in the Iait,W« atn>d«rat«nte»,bTplace,struggled fancy lioots and shoes,preeminence,TtiMIoeTcrletftpdHiagii, abtftotAntypea, apedA'A'KK'OK»•) :^rj :saddlesalso included in the list of entertain- hlU. The whole the rooms were sow^e'l"l a "Campbell's Mm- in diameter,cauliflower heads, a footand cabbage-heads a few Inchescourae Broadway ia the Emporium of Fashion.wa*. naatSwaat and aonthwest.entertainments, whichHATING•r I,«rd ly*M-The CMUtn^itag Vp PaUMeal Wanfac— Thit Msvalaadait. Three •awtagvaehlBcs, a boot aaddtoe-tep macblae, aad asewing, doable otieolar knltting-The lonfeat.kn»va.\rifwTWO'inHfli> J^,I'llLtmbhashat^efThe Is detained In New-York byits session afteron the docket%£«« Tlllli.t* a*4L Renewed efforts wiU be and heifers.D. C.KOBEHEAD,in paid gold•returned •••acLisBOAto Washington.aperient,AnU-bUiou PilL Warranted PCRXLY 'VBaKTABLBnow, to be acted definitelymaypaper,PARENTAL ATTENTION to the important fact that a (reiupon by Conicress.The Executive Committees of the four poUtiealSAVUrO IN BOYS' CLOTHINGa>ay be e-f_f-ected by f(riosm tiiueir new stack ofCanadaa.News Agents, iiand ina.K.BTAViakr morethem since the commencement of the Presidentialoanvau. is between six and til fit them were folded at thefrom"'There can be nodoubt,' hesays, 'ofthevas tte- Panama route, to other parposes. This remon- wagons,jBCipal erentli.of^ aal tke state of affairs to which ami official purity, and for an orderly reversal of thssUtaDetsfromarespoBsibt? source,and has been In-aaea oy^iSi heaUac aay InilaHaaer 'Kaaa Oura Tab a ucaiutflAsUsrafe. ladecjatttg'fer polMeal hoaestyTl«r^ Mew Salaaa, duced by the recent occurrences at Panama, as well sixty mius west of Cel. Howa's statin oa the Pont WUUaa T« NO.CUBKOADWAy.'Creek, middle of theRocks, night th^Ciiiriqui. urge, great subject of complaint and of humiliation to Amer- candidate. Hr, Sswian, regarded as the ablest icans that the Panama route over which there is soTrleaafcaraaa la tkearticle (Or ORBBBINO, BEAUTIFYING, OLEANING,WaiB OuTi Taa It anuia. It eoaqeetrated earatlTa fawanPAOr ABimOLATOK.Oiiea Tbrwaststadh^ Fifty eeats a bottle, at III York, aad br aa draoisla.J.R. STArrOBD'B IKOR AMD SIII.FHITBforBarrr'abeatmaterial.""-^ ofd.«um«t. eircalUedtieixlj AMgent remonstrcaee has been preseatad to thisWisconsin r Mr.dren, from Carroll County, 111.; John Hagerty, from McGregor's Landing, Clayton Coaaty, Iowa; and John Christiansen, of California, with three or fotir9roadway.,eataloguea of every b<tth J'ralt and Or-Oovetninentagainstthe diversion of theItrooJUyn and, FLUSHING. L. Lthe si. vessels of Mary'sJmcWd IWaa nraac aad aDan aaeqnalad seotUag aad oeagba aad all tfaraat dlitiaM.greatjM^HNita; twehre have been Southern slave- caLdldate for nomination, broke down under the dlf- much travel and transportation of treasure. Is left to Indians were foiled, but they drove off thirty head of HAIK. Ladies, try It. Per sale br aU draggltta.any^fjllfTf, uid»aix "Korthem men with Southern llculty of eveWnhialdedressing the tnheation he atshought of the protection of British men-of-war, though the new cattle. The next night thirteen of the oxen relumed.The I,add & 'Webater HaeUaegoverning. speaking in North, pAeipfes," the writer defines Mr. Bcchahas's ester, he was clear, bold, animated and animatingGranadian treaty imposes such duty on the United States.RoBXBT A. HuvTXE hss been appointed Marshal ofmay now be had for Fifty Dollars.; but at Washington, with mere dislocation for his stand point, he lost his footing, and presently after disap- peared In the chasm which must require the highest order of statesman to bridge over, supposing such an > otei the difficulties which were menacing achievement possible. Now, he has recovered liim-ao&v t* be " to take any advantage wtiich might ^><hBn his Northern biith and coanections, I l^iiytiMg his utmost aid to can? the SouthernThe emigrants retreated among the willows in the bed of the creek and went back in the direction ofT.b.e..Ster_eaaeaale Kmp»Tium~WHOLESALM mdHetail E. ANTBOITY, 601self in virtue of beijig an advocate of another, instead i with depoution &om power, after their long of himself a candidate. His recent speech at Detroittenant in the Navy.From Taaiplea and Brazos. Nxw-Obliass, Monday, Oct. 29.The brig Nakum. Stetson, from Tampico 19th, tias arrived.Gov. OzBA had Issued a decree declaring all dues at the Custom-houses at Tampico and Matamoras, mustm^KT.MARRIED. NosTBiKB—EiasT.—In Roslyn, L. I., on Thursday,Oct. 26, by Rev. s. R. Ely, CaAaLis P. NonaAKs to CoBMEUi. daughter of Caleb Kirby, Esq..at Roch-8ewlncLAOD. WKB8TER k CO., No. 600 Broadway.From Ohaba,twenty-five men,towar,the protection ofoOe handled sadfew bones. The emigrants were on the road to Cali- fornia br the Northern route. They were escortedFornameatal, apvly as above, orvaartieHtye,. aitPearl-st., New-.seven niinu«».,_^_^^^^No.114eapitol.Treea aad Plaata saleWaa 061TB Tib a nraaiaa, IbJ adora arebTMittlB findDenvpr City.des^patched -The Denver10 o'clock last evening, five and a half days from Den-Fire ia MewOrliNiv-OaUAis, Monday, Oct 29,Rbbs.—InthisOct. 91, Euw^^mm^->«W«;J ^l-vtM,n?:y^. 'i^ii'MBW8FKOHTBBKA^OWAXiOAPIVAIm thawb, maasofpenmaaabip,aadnrioascortoMeaofaatnietspecimens apjdes, few plums and grapes, no peaches, with a plenty of tomatoesoffairsize,weretheprincipalfruits. Dis- ^•Afcf tttwttmt has been officially received tributed about the room lor effect were a number of.and Geobqe Q. Caknon the two former destined for gift, but since His Royol Highness could not accept inAt night,and Indeed all night, wind, thun- ••""These mactiiDeB make tbe lock-stitch alike on both sides of tbe seams—the only stk-b that cannot be raveled, and;only ripe present.Mavbb.—In thia Bar. Kawaaa City, on Sunday, Oct. Is, Mrs. Rbbic-Id. r»aai<aa Bnaana, Battacaata, M. T.of the Lieut SASDxas withot her1'be funeral will take place from her late residence. No.120 We&t i7th-st., on Wednesday afternoon, 31at ioat., at 1 o'clock. Tbe friends ot the family are invited to attend, without further invitation.notice theways satisfactory- the main by main force of tragic " " sale of the plate, glass and linen which was useJ by timea say that they can buy smaU steam-engines school outflta, 4c., in every variety. Cnstom-nin continuance of the same suspended argument declamation. Stioelli was perhaps less fluent than Twelve," five will be abroad among the Gentiles." the Prince of Wales his in that The which auytKidy can manage, and that are quite free famishing department not excelled in taste, style, erusual, though signally expressive in the delivery of his brilliant and charactoiistic role. Madame Brbtccca—gave us all the voice -she had she could do no more—someother bed linen, table and toilette linen of equallyfrom danger."The following paragraph, which we copy from thesteam-enginefrDoEmPL0BAB1.X Calamitdtat—eFdivone tLbievx1s1thIiOST.—A letter*'thefor Mr. BccHANAN, in deserting to the Soutli on monly are under the Teutonic dynasties. The debut ins for polygamic households at home, and we cer-will show to ail such "an event in the American As history^of politics.and the chorus and orchestra were what they com-eringpoor,"gathering"for the table.purchaaeraportable :circumstance of Bbiquam giving special instructionsr. B. ^^ BALDWIN,to the mi.^sionaries toall their*'Nos.»anda1spend instead of *'silks and sat-and a beautiful set of the finest description of electro-plate, including everywhat a small becbntlt put dp," ia capable of doingside ofColonel met an expressman, t>earing him Intelligencedown the mountains. Yesterday,clouds,blackaadthreateningIn the mornlfig the snow was half wayDELAWAREExtra19, 62, 30, 7, &l<u<AND INDISPEN8ABLB ranx omr laa »o«oxrLaaearso.f _Iof their quality, sufficient to render it unsafe to walk too far away from home. If wet habiliments were any an-Fairwasent, a defect in no wise lessened by the narrow pas->??Dp-?si:;1fi*--j«Mt.r3^-spaceaUetted friiit. This last article was decidedly below the show offormeryears. Somefine of away the drcolatlon. prevenU abuand someThe MottHtainerr, having received aa Instalment ofD..full aiae onFrom the North come reports of Indian hostilities,is toSaturday, for VoL II.appearin the shape of aa attack upon a small company ofwhose names areJohn and -•Brock, John-Green, and a' purecbhasling CapeandotherOvercoata,ke.and liobDal«aita.The other portion of the company were metMcLbak.—In thia City, on Monday, Oct 29, JoaH A. Mcl.EA>', native or Scotland, a^red SSyeara.6ao. Law, Bag., Hh-aT., Naw-T«ak. Bnoea Daaraa, Big., Baahar, Kaw-Tak. Taaaiaw Wiu, BsIm Alhaay, K. T.being froopsofday) afternoon, 3Ctb inst., at 2 o'clock.troops to this city on Tuesday. Several parties have cPalueb, intbe47ih year of hia age.Tbe relatlvea and friends of the family are respectfallrinvited to attend hia funeral, on Wednesday, Oct. 31, from his late residence. No. ISS East 18th atarrived here from Charleston destitute oondltton, and have been taken In charge byhiaPress Yard, were burned yesterday. Loss $19,000. Wm. E. Evans, our worthy Mayor pro (em., who has mat., at 2M o'clock P. M. The relatlvea aad IMenda ofAiaHeatilltiee—aii8>ofInterior DoeoratioBa, Pier, Kantst fta. Glawra,These missionariesof Vt. DODQLAS is slietched, and the import- ably appreciating tills fact at the present time. Last out for their Journey across the plains, doubtless ow- —The Boston Advertiser denies the a^e.FoaMXs and Madame Fabbri are in the of wayrope.appearedto be well fittedwife of RichardH. Weatervelt,in the 33d of her yearUtah—.Invited to attend hla funeral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 3 o'clock, from No. 206 Montgomery-at., Jersey City. Hia remains will be taken to Athena, N. Y.Hebbino.—In Hoboken, on Monday, Oct. 29, of scarletSt. N. Oct. 28. Jobmi F., Sunday,ney, aged 25 years and 11 daya.of Mormon Missionaries for the States and En-complainant.cronp. GBBtTRiDK Elizabeth, only daughter ot John and WESTEBVEti.—On Sunday evening, Oct. 28, LotrisA J.,as follows Oermaa,Wil- Witt County, HI.; HertierttiXfhead ofcattle,and a.a of Indians with rifles and bows by partyand a-halfand arTO\\ s. This was on the 7th Septemtwr. The OURLXNG,On the 9th the emigrants moved their camp about two hundred yards, to a better position, but the Indi- ans, to the Dumt>er of about one hundred, attacked them again before they could tmyoke their teams.ill the brush, living on berries, and tmable to get away, being so closely watched by the Indians. Mr. Hxaxa- TT believes, from their appearance and from speaking to the cattle inPRBSBRfriNG AND RES'TORINaTU speedy aad aBeieatSo. Broadway. Cata- signed, and AxKEAS AaMSTaoNO, of Georgia, Lieuten- Foit Hall, except Haoxbtt, who remained fourdays TIRIALS for aaiatenis and the trade.the Eastern District of Louisiana, vice re- KsiorxnT,^logiies sent on receipt of stamp. PHOTOGRAPHIC MA-fine sheets andmoney in gath- beautiful quality, very delicate glassware of all kinds, New-York Times of Tuesday, the 17th October, 1860,wiU bo returned.for theAnd aUboogh the subsistence of four millions of tenefit of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the N"ew- them tolerably good of their kind. An assortment of n^e-5ie best extant BATCHEl6R'8 Wigs and Tou- Thev are beautiful, very beautiful and dieap, very tined to maintain a place in the aabjie 4aoUeeable abouttenfeetlong,here were ChineseHA»1.— AtiO ALBANY NERWA-ILTRORADK.f—,PaU arraaaaiaiat eonuaencing Oct.fBailBc the rS, whfor thewithTHOSEPliATEDTEASETS. —coupleed, that it was a work of some labor to discover thea wtuleaale. at theNoa. 4aBd «act upon the Is to Bnrling-alij._ the eviL The dilBcultytiki. ftt' a. t_w« ^&"^ BAabout five hicbes In diameter, egg-plants, four by six Inchesa Hew large beets and squashes, somemM&afaie t'-—Ague,Sold by^gngar-cane,onions,,^^. g^jj, pggg^o ^larger. their the articlesdensely'<all"allthedigestive"verythree a con\'ict's life in 'Van Dieraan's yearsWillie was blownone hundred yaida, and through a board fence, but was,FFFFFFFFF VVYt FFFFFFFF YYYFFF FF YYY.voices, and much may be hoped from assiduous culti-vation in the development of its latent qualities. On / A week ago Col. B. Alxxanbib, Fort Lara- Canadian rebellion of 1837. Bateman is now 64 years cognized were ahockingly mutilated, their heada torn toprofitable matters, certainly.and he leaves tiie country more disturbed than lie E. of atrangcnot much Tbe two not re- disfigured.commandedcity under command of Lieut. Noaais, on their way be very far wrong. Let every voter, therefore, take atCol.that she became famous in Gapt. R. F. BuBTos, of the British East-Indian Ar-If the Iwwels arethe head nor the will judgmentWutTZBGabdin.—MissCbarlottbCushxan centlybyHowi,passedthroughthisright,least a single dose of four Fills, a few days before next Tuesday. His vote wlU then be cast in accordance with tbe neoessitieB of Justice.appeared for the first time in three years as Ladypeiaona&om Xtkaosas and other States is then 3facieM, last evening, at this Theatre. It is now to Camp Floyd.•A NEW STYLE OF SHIRT. WABRANTID TO Made to measure at $lS,tl8, $24, etc., etc., per'No order made for leaa than half-a-doien •huts. _ BALLOU BROTHERS. No. 40* Broadway, M«w-T<the barbarizing influences of the try, she has since won many laurels as the ambitious Buchanan's time to an extent which -will charac- thoroughly succeed In that wonderful personation asI. EI. Mass., OcU 24.—Wholesale Trade supplied oa theas evidence thatDredficott decision have become manifest in Mr. wife of the Thane of Cawdor, but never did she soM. D.Injui inK .lohn Dutcher. of Kent, Connecticut. Damage ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS THE PRICE OF UBCBI^vREGISTBB! REGISTER'. RBOISTSR!niaasaoftheUNION ELECrrOBAL TICKXT •eethat YOURNAHESARE BEGISTEBED TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY OF TBia WEEK. ABE THB LAST PATS POBREGISTERINGThe places of Registry will be advertiaed m aU Iha!!on this occasion. Miss Cl'suhan seems now to be inThe Provo folk.*; held an Agricultural and Manufactur-ing •'Fair"aweek ago. In one of the long lumber-sheds FronU. Columns. Girders, Beams. Door Shutters, Stairs, Mill exploded, killing Walter W. Urigga, aasiatant-eugi-terixe his period of rule very unfavorably." TheoftiieI>residsnt is shown to have tlie maturity of her power,—at least as far as Queen built by Bbioham in the '*move South," and since used Vault*. &c. Every description of fine Iron Work ftr neer, and severely injuring C. C. Stearns, engineer.f«gEBi^Dol^.ty Katharine, Lady Macbeth, and the ever-immortal MegforstoringtheMormontithing.Ofcoursetheexhibition buildingpurpoiKB,manufactured at JAMES L. JACK-It will be observed that the alwve explosions, reported sincethedateoftbeforegoingadvertisement,occurredtweilj:uidedentirelybyconsiderationsofwhat Mtrrihes,areconcernedwaa deeired by the South. The immediate con- and other characters yet to come, will show that sheherhas lost nothing, Intellectually or physically, since she first became the great favorite of the public. Last night, in the scene with Macbeth, after the killing of Duncan, in the banquet scene, and In the celebrated somnambulistic scene in the fifth act, we cannot be- lieve that Miss COSHMAS was excelled evea by Mrs.and;and, doubtless,Romeo,is highly spoken of, and some rather large figures are told.SOh fc BROTHER'S Iron Works, aeth-st., 2d-av.;In this city the present week Is a great time.Can any man who values his own life or that of his em- ployea, whohaao^aaion to tiae power, rest aatiafled till he baa acquainted himself with the practical operation of an entirely safe hotob, Erioeson'a Caloric Engine.Send to No. 164 Duane-st., for a pamphlet.OFFICIALDRAWINGS,BYTELEGRAPH, OF THE IjEOAI<IZED liOTTEKIBB.ft CO., MANAGERS of the:weather,.-.-,- ^isquite preparfSllurge-tbeJadgaJwabduS-Untitled Documentthavetth.e aiaae attended to charge, byproperty comprisesbeautifullytheir awneyThe largert store in the Cltv.ory Baodaves,physicaldetonniues.THE LEGISLATURE. Commisaionera, appomted by thearticle'—Oncinnationhistried its t)est to persuade him to stay a few days and happened to a small village, occurred here. The smallPaulgan, little Willie H. Wing, son of Dr. H. Wing, and two John Bateman, a resident of Chatham Ce,ntre other men, names not known, and fatally injuring Tur- the Indian Agency of Dr. Fobmet. Fobnbt's affairs returned home on Thursday, after living for twenty- ner, Johnson, and severely scalding aeveral othera.O OO• OBAI,I,OV>S 9have cost the Government two Commissions not ;the end of the building through nearly%Iraa Week fkr Bnlldlnca.—Iron Store andBank 10 pinptTty. *6,000. ^ ^.. I.owELi., Mass., Oct. 24.—The boiler for heating SulTblk99th->t.. New-York.Graver & Baker's CelebratedIn first. claas establlahments, and establishment.in oneinstancea neiefor andmaaa- offaimcielNyos.eGwOiSngBroadway.^___^__Wlllcax Si Olbbe' Sewtng-Maehlae.The undersigDed. mlsaionarT to Constantinople, hasClassNo.616,Oct.tbe stitch facturing. Send,thatIsfor a circular.Jilly3,18«e.OLIVKB CRANE. JAS. WILLCOX. Manufacturer.preferred2f Oct. 99, 1860.k7 T.aiVcSl'HALON'B ''^Bbow WMte Oriental Cream.8oM by all S^omki Uw United States.Best New-Tark Shirta,andH csnU pw--- Jost daaad,CoJosand Bunions. Mr. BENDAI.L. ofMACHINES. FAMILY SEWING.TheaOjed to the new WIinterssttyylleefa (or boya areYork.•BiBeTlu g.^M. by all good droggiat*.LOWBST CASH one hundred feet under ground, nessrs. Harper and at 11 o'clock, from the residence of her parents, tlo. 1(W eraottblapaaar.KATKaare ThesteamshipAfrica,fromNew-YorkforLiver- ter loadedwithchainsandimprisonedInamine vitedtoattendthefuneral,onWedneaday.theSlatinat.,pool, passed Cape Race at 4 P. M. to-day. AFFAHtS IN UTAH.Hand are on their to their homes in Tennessee, wayassistance from ail whom meet." theyEastAlbubtis.—On Saturday evening, Oct. 27. CabolihaTucxzB, wife of Rev. John Alburtis.Notice will be given in Wednesday's papers when thefuneral wll^ take place FxASTEa7-InJerseyCity,N.J.,onMonday,Oct.99,.BBTABiaflHBP BIXTT YUMmtt'from an elder and influential memlier offender,and the Presbyterian Church, descended so low in the fever, WiixiAu Ikooldsbv,Of course, there Is an unlimited amoimtof recrimination indulged in on each side. As the Gertrude D. Grant, aged 2 years and 19 tiayi.to-SOLD BY ALL GOOD DEUQGISra.VAIiIi AMD WINTEK.case stands at present, the defendant is estopped by aninjunction from the enjoyment of his laree estatt^onson of E. Harriaon and liToaora Reed.-AABoiv, only aon of John /^ and R. Louise Feaster, aged1 year and 10 months.tare,every style,topiecea. The Imiler waa thrown aoross tbe street, carry- ing away in Its coarse a fence and the wood-honae of Mra. Wickliffe.''tell,A boiler of Plainer & Smith's NKW Pap<'r Mill exploded. 8eriou.s'y and probably tat.-llly' "18«.20, 32, 59, 45, 3, 47, 49, 41, 12.BMBQUALEDBIS,_•-- --WOOD, EDBYtte BoilDAY PATTERNS for IS69.TO ARCHITECTSf BUTLDSBSa ER8ANDHOnSXKKKPXBS.'vigorCO. OITB eolleotfcn of dr^ls.E. W. BENEDICT. No.ggWatar^t.. eomarBsekiaafc'._-_.^PtCU.re-^ WtUb«i«ad»TO-MORBOW^Kownii8,,jj,j|^^Are a aolable preparatisa «f Im aal ideatlcal with that exiatfag la th<Hga<trUaWM wllklto TanKavsauniaaPaiiFTADYAVCE Belbieaee—Umbo. Btmwra, WaPROMPTLY! let tbebe bb ao oelat ihNo.XiGekts: TbelnatitutenotliavingoanedanrKWMlilTo John Mills i Co.,Brosiiwvi:_" No. 198—Bonrban Whisky (Boartaoala)—PoaieMiasan excellent Savor andflne anaa."etrreapeetau^.^^ MoELBATH. Cor. Secretary American Inadtate.FBBNOB'B CEI.WBBATBB CONICAIi WABBIMO HACBIBTB.:Water arar-Gaway, thousands of euiTrHerAeTraj^ DU been reUeved tlINdand diarrhoea havepassetraenaecohualy a mah of ease. Thisprobleaiis never faila to oonly fair to aay medicine ha"resented to Ssrribletheand« I The walJs of the upper room were decked with 6t.. Lot don. can beconsnlied at li?.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Bond-at., New-^ oik.www.fultonhistory.com 