 BOB• f Peace*The steamship America, at Halifax, bringsWithout a formal disavowal of the views put forth in the Laguerroniere pamphlet it is not possible for Austria and the Pope to send rep-l*^*W<Wi^ %*«^^ "••fB^^I'Bll^^WaWa^^W^i1/V^saa aaaae* ateB*SBasB* asf* aaW aasBvaVa * 4f U ^ ^ J ^tfl AM». I T W POUM« Oourtromn ABBcoat purchasers and the public with their state- ment, repues, rejourn and replications?Helper. He takes a hopeful and cheerful viewof things, and; altogether, U s speech is thejap WOTlCMtmltmnf unttrnmam — i «•> uiirfmn, W W rrflUlrf IIIMIIWl •MillADVBMTtKMMMHTS rim • •** mary *am; • dimfIn the Board of Aldermen yesterday the Mayor's W«4aaat nominations of Gideon J. Tucker for President ofman cannot be bad from the Northern or great C e n t r a l S t e t e s , M r . H u n t e r s t a n d s a m o n g t h e strongest, if not the very strongest man for t i e Charleston nomination.great practical importance.T h e 8 > l f - 8 e 1 1 l r m e a t *>T I t a l y — T h e t i a t a i o B Fair*- Pol ley ©r L.oals Wapaloom.In the advices brought by the City of Man- chester w e notice a rumor that the European Congress was to meet onthe 15thofthismonth.and every other historical aero ia the world, sets up as superior even to him another god, a b l a c k d e i t y , f o r t h e i d o l a t r o u s w o r s h i p o f t h e republican party. He compares with him Cromwell, Napoleon L, Napoleon HL, Alexan- der of Russia aad Sir Robert Peel, aad gives him the palm as a warrior end statesman aboveTHS4TBS, or Mi» L«nu>.gradually melting eway, and that this body Is likely to come together to discuss the question whether Austria and the Pope shall continue to vex the peace of Europe. fto rececef from the principles laid down in that brochure fa manifest from the resignation of Count Walewski Compromised' as was the latter by bis declarations in favor of the main- tenance of the Pope's temporal authority, his longer continuance in the French Cabinet be- came glaringly incompatible with the Imperial programme. The world was, therefore, right in concluding that his retirement was a death blow to any hopes that the partisans of Rome and Austria might have entertained from t h e moderation of the Congress, and was, in fact, an insuperable obstacle to the assembling of that body at all.WiaACn TKXATKB. r«aTwiIt is affirmed that the recent mission to Lon- don of Lord Cowley, the British Ambassador at Paris, was for the purpose of proposing to Eng- land a joint declaration with France that any in- fraction of the principle of non-intervention in Central Italy should be held as a casus belli; to which the British Cabinet demurred, on the ground that it might involve the country In Board of Education for payment of salary as a hostilities without the consent of Parliament.flag of Sir Houston Stewart, arrived on the 15th from Halifax. Lady Stewart and Mrs. Arthur Jones arrived in the ship. The steamer Gladiatorunpopular would be a fatal mistake. The Holy Father fa no longer in a condition to gratify his inclinations at the expense of his interests, and he therefore wisely lets Anto- nelli go by the board, ;Whether the Pontiff will get better (termsTHIS SVSSM». aoTiitwo days later news from Europe, the tenor ofwhich indicates that the difficulties in the way resentatives to that body. That there is noif*w sowasv THSATSS Baweiv.--ou> BUB or m • ManiiaS nsaoyiss, KIM or CUM.a A B i n n r t A w d f t c a * MUS a r m .Beea-OOUM* FlMU. Mfiwiteg WlSIBUaS-MASMTorarreuya SAUOOS.RUU w Sowoa, OA»2J, BnuKtm, a*.-***. DAT'IOOOPKB tSSTlTl'TK.-mor. TeowAB'i I n m i ontan »«..».«•orm am10LireoaOuaFLASKI.No one need wonder that the HERALD is calledM «*•i a. *»•the Croton Water Board, and Dr. Bradford for Health Officer, were taken up. A motion to con- firm the nomination of Mr. Tucker waa loot by a vote of six ia favor to ten against the motion, A motion to refer the nomination of Dr. Bradford to a committee waa loot by a vote of nine to seven. The City Inspector's nominations of D. HL Coles and B. B. Chappie, as Health Wardens of the Eighteenth andTwenty-firstwardsrespectively,werecon- firmed.A communication from the Comptroller shows that the receipts of the Sixth Avenue Railroad for the year 1869 were 1343,483 56, and of the Eighth A venue, 1383,256 2 1 .At the regular meeting of the Chamber of Com- merce, held yesterday, a number of interesting subjects were nnder discussion. We give a faU re- port elsewhere. A remonstrance against the pas- sage of the Pro Bate Railroad Freight bill, now before the Legislature, was read and unanimously adopted.aouTH surra STESKT CHURCH. wnuuMirarg.-M. O'Donnell. A report of the case is given in• It fa now clear that Louis Napoleon only made use of this proposition of a convention of the European Powers in order to sound moreSOVDBVB-I Lawroaa oa m a Bawmnw ABB Mortar ia laat*.—e*'=== lew Tark, Frtdav, February 3,1800.TMe) lewi.The America reached Halifax yesterday withEuropean news dated at Cork oa the 15th nit, tiro daya later than that by the City of Manchester at Bt Johns. S. F.The funds were firm in London on the 14th nit at the closing quotations reported by the City of Manchester. French Rentes had sensibly declined.fii Liverpool cotton t u depressed; floor waa Terr datt, and all qnaHrlja slightly lower.Hopes were entertained that the Enropean Con-another column.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday thejury in the case of Mortimer Shay, tried far the fully watching the course of events, he is murder of John Leary, rendered a verdict of guilty sparing of his blows, but severely direct when against the prisoner. The trial of WiUard P. May- he strikes them. A s each is given, he contem- nard, charged with the manslaughter of John W.two points which constituted the main embarrassments of the Italian ques- tion. Having gained the adhesion of England and the qualified assent of the Northern Powers to the general details of his plan, he has cast upon Austria and Rome thegress would really assemble. England could not was sentenced to hard labor for three years and six pledge herself to the non-intervention plan in the months. Frank P. Fowler, convicted of swindlingtook possession of the crowned heads of Eu-rope, and the Congress seemed to be put en- voke. What simpler or more practical solu- which have no parallel in the annals of man-affairs of Italy proposed by Napoleon, Parliament not being in session; so it waa supposed the mat- terwouldbereservedfotageneraldiplomaticdis-a poor emigrant, by selling him a spurious passage ticket, was sentenced to two years and six months hardlaborintheStateprison.ItistobehopedThe French Emperor re-enters within the tails may consult the English historian Allison, policy of non-intervention, at the same time who fa no friend of the French nation. A ndthe theatrical displays made by members on the floor and the applause or disapprobation manifestedbythespectatorsinthegalleries, folly justified the allegation that the Housecasaion. Berioaa agitation still prevailed on the that this sentence will have a salutary effect on thisRomagna desire n o better consummation o ftheir aspirations than this. It enables tbem tosettle at once their accounts with the expelleddynasties and the Pontifical9 government andeven to furnish aid to their compatriots in guinary leader. Naples, should events call for their assistance.Continent with respect to the Pope's temporalities, and additional clerical pastorals had added'to the excitement Cardinal Antonelli's resignation is not confirmed. It waa said that the Pope would surrender the Bomagna under certain conditions of guarantee for his other territory.The policy of Austria indicated a chance of an- other Italian war. •class of swindlers.The Board of Councflmen did not meet last even*ing; so that the next session will be held on Monday.The cotton market yesterday was quiet and closed with a tendency to easier rates. The transactions embraced 1,000 bales, doting on the basis of about lHj'c. a 11 • | c for middling uplands. Theflourmarket was more active, and the lower grades of State and Western advancedover, is what the abolitionists hoped to see was not really a parliamentary body, but acted again by John Brown in the Southern rather^a disorderly assemblage of irresponsi-The London journals commented on the financial ankirsoftheUnitedStatesandourrelationsto-aboutfie.andinsomecases10cperbbl.Southernflourdominions are secured to him. In the mean-while the diplomatic agents of France, and no is hopeless, in a diplomatic point of view, maywards Mexico.Advices from China state that the people of thatcountry were making active preparations for a re- newal of the war with England and France.doubtofEnglandtoo,havebeenactivelyetbeassumedfromtheresignationofCardinaldescribe,effectforhimselforbisrace?House.Suehproceedingsasthesegovery was also in better demand and firmer for the inside brands. work to sustain* and strengthen the policy of Antonelli. Were a Congress called upon to Nothing. Phillips insists that this savage far towards bringing our government intoTrade waa improving rapidly in Japan.The Great Eastern Steamship Company had not waa firmer, with a speculative Inquiry. Sales of newfect, a n e w commercial treaty between France and England is concluded, and the friendly un- derstanding between those two Bowers sud- denly assumes its past appearance of intimate union.of bis sable brethren, had no white blood in very well that the general character of the more valuable or efficient representative. An- his veins. How de%s Phillips know? The man House fa not to be judged by the misconducttonelli is a man of great ability, great force of was born a slave in S t Domingo, under the of half a dozen members, who seem to havearrived at any solution of their difficulties.The stumitiip John BeB had broken her shaftmeat were made at $18 12 a $18 2$, and uninspected do. at $15, with a sale of mess deliverable in March, sell- ers* option, at S18 60. Beef was in steady demand at un- changed prices. Lard was firmer, with sales at 1 0 \ c acharacter retire atand theastuteness. presentThat difficulthe should conjunc-dominionof the French, and, for all thatany onebeen elected for the express purpose of prov- ing in their own persons that waat of decency fa want of sense. These persons can only be restrained by the sense of the House and of the country. They mast be made to understand that the application of foul epithets, the bullying of other mem- bers b y charging them with intentional falsehood, and similar proceedings, are not only violations of the courtesy that obtains among gentlemen, but that they are gross infractions of parliamentary law, aad that ao respectable precedents can be brought forward to sustain them. A s for the carrying of concealed wea- pons into the House, it fa preposterous in anyand pot back to the Clyde.We havefilesfromBerraoda to the 18th ult The l i e Sugars were quiet and sales trifling, within the pre-can tell, his father may have been a white man. The Pope has destroyed his own cause, and ture of affairs fa proof at ence that But he achieved nothing. He soon found the vastly strengthened that of his antagonists, by the Congress fa no longer possible, and that negroes would not work, and that free- the preposterous character of bis demands thePontifffapersuaded thatthe questionwill dom was unsulted to them. He recalledweatherwaaexceedinglyfine,andthepeopleex. viousrangeofprices. Cofieewasquiet,awaitingtheauc- perieneed all the mildness and warmth of the tion sate. 800 bags Laguayra sold at 1 3 c , aad 78 bags monthofMay. TheBritishshipIndus,bearingthe Bio at 11Kc t*reightawere firm aad engagements to English ports were fan*. Included in the shipments were 1,000 bbls. flour to Liverpool at 2a., with provisions atSince the first Napoleon was driven from Italy,the Pope has really had little or no power inthe Legations. The Austrian officers and gar-risons have-governed there, under instructionsfrom Vienna, till Louis Napoleon drove themout last year. And even in Rome the Popehas for the last ten years been sustainedby a French garrison, in whose hands he isvirtually a prisoner. His refusal, therefore, «togive up what he has hot possessed for nearlytwb generations, and his demand to be guaran-teed in what he really does not hold, strikethe whole world as preposterous, and exhibitthe Napoleonic policy in a most favorablelight T o these causes must be added the bedhave to be settled directly with his own sub- their banished white masters, and sent allnil rates.arrived sametime. The transport ship Sir John Tate Charleston Contention—Movementsried into exile, where he died. The final result now fa that the negroes of the island have changed their humane white masters for cruel black ones, and private servitude for a mili- tary despotism. Disorder, revolution and civil war are their normal condition. Next to CubaThe suit brought by Mr. J. O'Donnell against theteacher in one of the public schools, in which was involved the question of reading the Scriptures in the public schools, was decided yesterday by Judge Leonard, in the Supreme Court, in favor of Mr.Whatever truth there may be in this report,there is good ground for believing that theentente cordiale between these two Powers Ismuch more active than it has been for sometime past, and that Louis Napoleon is proceed- effectually the views of the latter on the ing with his customary tact and vigor. Care-demons incarnate, Danton and Robespierre; and the whole drift and scope of his lecture fa to show the black race to be superior to the Anglo-Saxon white race, and to every other on earth. Now what did the black hero, with bis myrmidons, effect? Upon the showing of Phillips himself, absolutely nothing that many Indian savage chiefs have not accemplfahedffor a time against the white man—brutal massacreby superior numbers.And this bloodiest and darkest deed in theZilken, waa commenced, and adjourned tfll tins morning. Before the adjournment of the Court, Judge Ingraham sentenced Jones and Farrell, con- victed of killing an unknown man on the Five Points—the former to three yearn and six months, and the latter to two years and six months im-prisonment. Crowley, who pleaded guilty to a murderous assault upon Lovejoy, waa sentenced to two years and three months imprisonment Den- nelly, convicted of the manslaughter of Cobaneiagents vigorously at work to increase or coun-Wheat was in better request and prices rather firmer, while sales were moderate. Corn was firm and sales made to a fair extent Jersey and Southern yeuow sold at Me. a Sic, and Southern white at 80c The pork marketdecide on the fate of the Pontificate as a poli- chief, who was above the average intelligencethe semi-imperial pamphlet To add to the ef- tical institution, he undoubtedly could have no utter contempt abroad. At home we know* in Favor or Poor Pierce.We learn from reliable sources at Washing- ton and elsewhere, that among the other move- ments of the democratic politicians is one of their victory. They held a caucus in favor of poor Pierce. The plan to be pur-Lawrence,fromEngland, with three hundred con- TietB on beard, had also arrived.ThenewsfromWashnVftonthismorningisiote• The republicans are busily parcelling outyesterday and discussed tie merits of the variouscandidates for the subordinate offices of the House.Though no formal declaration of preference waasued at Charleston is not dissimilar to that which succeeded at Baltimore in 1852. It is expected that, owing to the multiplicity of can-from bis people than the programme of the it fa the best and finest of the West IndiaImperial pamphlet accorded him, fa Jvery Islands. In the hands of the French its exports civilized country, and in any deliberative bodymade,itwasprettywell anderstood thatMr.For-ney would be the candidate for Clerk, and Mr. didates at Charleston, the Convention will beHoffman, of Maryland, the) candidate for Sergeant- so far divided that a union upon any one man at-Arms. The other offices and the printing will whose name is introduced at an early stage of no doobt be awarded to-day. the proceedings will be out of the question.The House waa not in session yesterday. In the It is hoped, then, that Pierce's friends can Senate notice waa given of a bill providing for a manage to obtain some support from the disap- railroad and telegraph to the Pacific. A bill waa pointed Southern candidates, and, with the aidmost liberal, the most consonant to the inte- rests and dignity of the Papacy, and the most satisfactory to the Catholic world, that could have been proposed. It fa not likely that, hav-vernment everything has fallen into decay. expulsion of the offender, not only from that Under the comparatively vigorous Boyer, in body, but from the society of gentlemen.1822, the government may be regarded as inits most prosperous state since the era of abo- Now that the chief cause of the excitementintroduced appropriating a million acres of landfor the support of schools in the District of Colum-bia. A resolution of inqairy whether the appro-priation for a new Pbst Office at Hew York is inforce,andiffartherlegislationonthesubjectisne- inMississippiandelsewhere,whoareexpectedperial plan consigned them. Neither fa it pro- Produce.bable that the people of the Romagnawill modi- 8ugar,lbs Coffee...Tear, 1791. 163,408,220 08,161,180 «,28e,128cessary, waa adopted. Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,introduced a series of resolutions embracingthe slavery and Territorial, and aU the other politi-cal questions that have agitated the country forthe neat tea years. The remainder of the sessionwaa devoted to discussing the aforesaid questions,Messrs.PitchandDouglastakingpartinthede- remainstoboseen. Thewires,however,are bate.placing of the Papacy in an independent posi-tion, which it has not occupied for a longtion in the assembly was as one to eight business of the country will progress without thousand of the population—the vote THE BOOTMAKERS OF NEW ENGLAND—WHERE being disturbed by unseemly end disgraceful was^taken by ballot, and out of 124 members THE SHOE PINCHES.—In sending out our Special interruptions.The Senate yesterday confirmed a number of appointments,amongthemthatof FrancisJ.Grand as Conanl at Havre.A number of important subjects engaged the at-tention of the Legislature yesterday, but we have dard bearer. A s many as fifteen or twenty only room to refer our readers to our despatches capable men are named; but none of themgates:—2 princes, 7 marquises, 28 counts, 3 time of excited feeling, we did not neglect our Regency, have followed the example of theof his Northern and Eastern adherents, to give him the nomination. This plan rests chiefly upon the multiplicity of Southern candidatesfy the solemn vote at which their representa- Cottontives arrived in September last and which pro- Look on this picture and on thatnouncedthecomplete political destruction of results, to worship Toussaint as a heroand is notoriouslythe most tumultuous legalized the Pope, Never was the sense of a people statesman superior to Washington fa not more assembly in -the civilized world. By these more fully or fairly expressed than on rational than to worship the bull of the ancient means the blackguards and ruffians will beto eat each other up. The same politicians who engineered poor Pierce at Baltimore are now at work for him, and will muster in full force at Charleston. Whether they will find the material of 1852 in 1860, or whether that material, if found, will be as pliable as before,working vigorously.In the meantime, the real leaders of thedemocratic party are casting about in muchparticular*, seems strong enough to command success. Itand Haslett, the remaining partfci- has been generally acknowledged that the can-ing, therefore, indicates a probable continuance of the peace of Europe, in spite of the Pope and the headstrong Emperor of Austria.population were fully represented fa evidenced by the following classification of the dele-and reliable information as to the state of pub-lic opinion and of the country in the presentanxiety aad distress of mind for a proper stan-chevaliers, 4 officers, 14 professors and scienti- Yankee cousins. We sent into New England a Cassidy & Cogger cabal by deciding to ap-i OH John Brown's Harper's Perry foray, didate, whoever he may bo, ought properly to > indicted by the Grand Jury of Jef-both parties, constituting the twin regencies of^eaaaapVvajtole, i t murder, treason and be taken from the Central or the Western etoaoyWtaVstaves to create rebellion. The States,andMessrs.BuchananandDouglashaveof fltuhBnt will ho ooamnoneed to-day been looked upon as the only candidates who lostown^rethetrial,aretoukepiJ,', couldcommandthesupportoftheconserva- with visiters-jesterdav to •iuieas the tive, patriotic, Union loving voters of the North. Mr. Douglas, however, does not stand so well with the South as to make his nomina- tion safe. Mr. Buchanan would be the beat man; but it Is understood that, notwithstandingthat it is signed by a large number of promi- nent citizens' of Philadelphia, and among the speakers announced are Mr. Crittenden aad Mr. EverettIn the face of sueh a declaration we do not Yankee papers, envious of our enterprise, aad lecting the delegation to Chicago, and de-of thelikely to lose the Eternal City, which, in itsprestige and the veneration attaching to itstraditions, is worth to the Papacy all its other tbeir puronates of republicans. If there is a creature tropolitan board*, bat never wiih aay marked awooaa*^^i- f"ft*• otwi***»e periods daring each * *aud»o'clockP.M.:-see that the Pontiff has more to hope from the generosity of bis quondam subjects than he would have gained from the acceptance of thejealous of our energy and saeeess in making a good newspaper, are giving vent to their bile in such paragraphs as the following, which w eof thenounces it aa Bafachievous.Wcrna OAKxmx—Oura TWIST.—A very large iwas assembled bare last night to assist at toe arst per- formaoceorMr. Joseph J«fteraoo'a adaptation of Charias Mekana' familiar story, "Oftm Twist" Tae work In a dramatic form has been frequently presented on tae me-a TtmmnMnt candidate, Looking theSouth, wefindnomansoV of Virginia. H e i n e andat Ike North whoiswho are not affiliated with either of the g****l»A»-J V* aaaTJ vVUtttfj "~^lXs€ JBJSBWIAJBWAQ*nsan/1 republicans-and they may form a tsar*. But whether thej can get up an exciting or rally sufficient ^umbers for success In presenceofthe••irrepreeaibleconflict"taey are not at all pleased that we should acting was good aa a whole, aad tat Saras v*rr a*T open the eyes of the boot and shoe makers of Matil.U Horon'a Msncy S>k*« « y M ejoaadaia^LoU.. personnel**, aad will rank haee* awboat aoeoB UMLNEW YORK HERALD, 9UJ 3, . :—, .parties it will most affect, depend upon i t s NEW YORK HERALD. wearied with this snteimlaaMa controversy. Way like view of the case. He is not afire-eaternor character, of which as jet we know little orthem will be those gostone, founded on injustice,fraud, have been pushed beyond the bounds of endurance,andrenderedinconsistentwiththe future safety end tranquillity ef Europe.PHILLTPSlecture on Touseaint L'Ouverture, of 8 4 Do-mingo, delivered at the Cooper Institute,aad publi>hed on Wednesday in this journal. Wen-Wo repeat what we said yesterday: the public are a strong, sensible, clearheaded and statesman-do not Day and the other parties settle this ques- a disunionist, but stigmatizes in a severe but tionbetweenthemselves,andceasetovolinno properwaytheodioustheories,ofSewardandnothing. If it be of the genuine Union stamp,and|notasham,itwillaffectthedemocraticparty more than the republican, inasmuch asit will draw off most votes from the democracy.It can hardly hope to be successful as an inde-pendent party; bat it may operate indirectlyas a balance of power, by taking off so many• terrible disaster occurred last night ia Hm soundest and most sensible that we have heard street A fire broke out in a tenement house, and recently from any member of his party. TheABTD H I SGODS.—InIdslaw NEWgenerally believed that the inrepublicans in Congress, in theman's ateettoa, was to appoint • anti-administration mimiaistuwi, which would, in fact, partake of the character of investigating committees, charged with the duty of scrutinii- ing all the affairs of the administration for the last three years. The object of this course was to change the issue ia the approaching Press* dential contest which has been precipitated upon the republican party ••maty, that of the abolition of slavery ha the South—to the lameHis estimated that between twenty-five and thirtyUvea weie loot A full account of the affair will bedemocracy could go to the country upon Mr. Hunter's speech alone, and win. Of course, thefound in another column.A steam boiler connected with the distillery of other Senators, rivals of Hunter, will hasten tovotes from one of the two parties now engagedto mortal combat as may give a decisive dell Phillips, who had previously canonisedFurman &PoUey, In Williamsburg, exploded yes pot themselves on the record, aad their atti- terday forenoon with tremendous violence, killing tudes may change the aspect of affairs at George Bell and Thomas Shannon, and injuring two Charleston, But as things stand now. if a good other*. A full scconnt of the catastrophe is givenvictory to its antagonist. In this point of view the cutthroat aad horsethief John Brown, a the new movement may turn out to be oae of white man, exalting aim above WashingtonNewsb ythe partyBOW toThelag of the Congress and Continuance We do not attach any value to the reporttbem all.Brutus of the Romans, Hampden of England, Lafayette of France, and Washington of Ame- rica, may be regarded as the greatest historical men of those countries tfll John Brown arose; butevenhe,whitemanashefa,faeclipsedby the black, "whose name some future Tacitus, dipping his pen in the sunlight, will write high on the clear blue above them all—the patriot, soldier, statesman and martyr —Touseaint L'Ouverture."Could the force of fanaticism further gotofthemeetingoftheEuropeanCongressare dispostiononthepartoftheFrenchEmperorplates for a while its effect, and then sets hisit fa only done in a complete and radical way.A FEW WORDS TO Tan HOUSE or REPRESENTA- TIVES.—Now that the House has beea constitu- tionally organized by the chotoe of a Speaker, it fa to be hoped that the deportment of the members will present a marked contrast to their manners during the past two months. The session opened with the exhibition of a great deal of acerbity, aad the frequent inter-teract its workings, as they may be favorableor adverse to his desires. Such seem to be tike responsibility of rejecting a diplomatic ar- page of history was the result of emancipa-present movements on the political board of Europe.When the pamphlet on ''The Pope and theCongress" was published, a feeling of alarmrangement of these difficulties. If they refuse tion. The French revolutionists, in their wild togointoaCongress,uponthem,andnotupon excess, set the negroes ofSt Domingofree.tirely out of the question. Several of them protested against i t Cardinal Antonelli re- fused to go into the Congress until it was dis- avowed,andCountWalewBkistatedthatthe policy it advocated should not animate theForeign Office of France as long as. he remainedat the head of it. Y et the pamphlet has netbeen disavowed, Count Walewski has ceasedto be the French Minister of Foreign Affairs,and now it is stated that the Pope is willing togive up the Romagna provided the rest of histion of these complications can be presented? kind. Those who want to read the fearful de- change ot offensive personalities, together withhim, will rest the responsibility of the failure of the stipulations of the treaty of Villafranca, and of such events as their obstinacy may pro-Soon did France retrace her steps; but it was too late—the ferocious passions of the black race were let loose, and horrors took placedeclaring to Austria that she must also adhereto i t The people of Central Italy and the ties, which Mr. Phillips so conveniently glozesThat the Pope is at last coavinced his casewells out of which the white men were to bited, and in one case a pistol fell from the drink, and other barbarities too revolting to pocket of a member upon the'floor of thejects. Of course, in such an event the reten-tion of a man so deteeted and so universally tions to slavery. A s for himself, he was car-of malsaWnistrattoapower. It remains to be seen whether Mr. Pennington, who is a moderate man, will carry oat this intention, or whether he will appoint committees of a fair aad impartial character. There is no doubt that he will be urged by the friendswhosupportedhimtoorganisecom- mittees of a strong partisan nature, with a view to carry out this Investigating pro- gramme—committees Uke those appointed to investigate tin Fort SneUing aad Willett's Point eases, or the public printing business, or the aavy yards.It is probable that they would And some an abolition paper by Phillips and the other cases of maladministration ia tile course of fanatics whose mental vision fa so disordered their researches, because, with the exceptionthat theyconfound every distinction in politics, of a brief period daring Mr. Fillmore's term,He says that Phocion of the Greeks,the affairs of the government have been in the apostie of abolition places on the same .level hands of the same parties for the last twelve or with the French patriot Lafayette, the bloody sixteen years, and a long continuance of power always leads to temptation and corruption. If, however, an investigation into the administra- tion of the government fa undertaken, it may bring to light some other Gardner cases, in which some of the republicans themselves may figure somewhat conspicuously. W e have n o objection to an investigation of this character, provided it b e a full and thorough one, and w e shall give it all the aid and comfort we can, ifin morals and religion. For instance, thisthistragedy?withallitsaccompanyingatroci-States, and what they still desire to see per- formed under the auspices of some other san-ble persons. Subsequently the intemperate speeches of several members brought the chaos to its furthest point One member gave to another the lie direct fire arms were exhi-But what did Touseaint. after poisoning thethe free black laborers back into the planta-doubtful. We believe that settlement was the were great In the hands of the black go- in Europe would be punished by the immediatefaith of Austria in attempting to fill Rome withAustrian troops in Papal uniforms, and thus to ing themselves the decision of the question, the' lition. Let us compare the exports of that in toe House has been done away with, theprecipitate the revolutionary conflict which all people of Rome will accept the condition of period with those of the time when the blacks country expects that toe members will atonepolitical mutism and isolation to which the Im- had white masters:—for their past conduct by the strictest decorumTear, 1832. and courtesy. Let all the sound conservative652,641 members of the House, from every section of S5,117J5«Europe fears and dreads. These views, pushedby the agents of Napoleon, and strengthenedby the friendly feeling between him and the Bri-tish Cabinet, are rapidly gaining ground, andthe Congress is now looked upon as feasible.Before manymonths have passedawayitwillbe manifest that the true sovereignty of Rome,which the celebrated pamphlet tenders to thePope, is really an increase of bis power, and a that occasion. The basis of representa- Egyptians as a deity superior to Christ compelled to slink into obscurity, and thetime. This is a feasible result for the Con-gress. Thenewsindicatingitsprobablemeet- 121tookpartinit Thatallclassesofthe Reporters,someweekssince,togiveusaccurateTHE TWIK REGENCIES Picxufu THESE Coa> vEKTioKS.—The Republican State Committee, we perceive, under the inspiration of the Weedfic men, 9 judges, 24 advocates and doctors in gentleman well qualified to perform the duty point delegates to the Chicago Republican Con-ORGANIZATION OF A UNION P ARTY—MEKTISGix PHILADELPHIA.—A call appears in the Phila-delphia papers for a mass meeting in that city,to take place to-morrow evening, for the pur-pose of organizing a "Constitutional Union the intellect and the landed and commercialParty," whose object is declared to be "tlte influence of the provinces all concurred in de- we used truthfully, and with a due regard to submit the choice of delegates to the people, preservationoftheUnion,theprotectionofthe claring"thecessationofthetemporal govern- thecomityofsocialintercourse,and notasin- but prefer to arrange the list ia their owa constitutional righto of the States, and the sup- ment of the Pope, and their firm resolution gle complaint has been made by the parties in- hugger-mugger fashion. We are not surprisedpressionofsectionalism." Weareinformed neveragaintoacceptit" terested. Butsomeofthemeanaadshuffling thattheTribunecomplainsofthismodeofse-law, 10 doctors in medicine, and 23 landed with which he was charged, and who was every vention, and not to elect them by the votes ofproprietors, merchants and men in business. where received by the manufacturers and mer- the people. The truth is that the leaders ofThus it will be seen the rank, the wealth,chants with cordiality, and furnished with allthe information he desired. That information Albany, are afraid of the masses; they will netThis is the first distinctive Union movement Imperial project, On the contrary, he seems out from the Boston Journal:—of a practical kind, arising out of the anti-sla- very agitation, announcing principles aad ob- jects, aad originating an organization to carryhis undeniable strength, andtileillustrious pre- cedents which eea be quoted to sustain him his name to be used as a can-a second term. he positively declinesto do so. and must therefore, for the present, party is to be, what strength it will muster, or equally fatal blunder in resisting aa arbitra-themintoeffectWhatthecomplexionofthispossessions.AstoAustria,shemakesanmeanerthanswshapimp,Ittehiaemployer-ShouldtheexceptattheParktbestre,whereMasCaartotteCosta- l*How be discovered, be may nave aa opportunity to testat any rate, he considered as out of the Held. what influence it will have on coming politicalThis positive refusal oa the part of Mr. Bu- w ^ j e e a r e not yet prepared to say. Ho Instead of having a neutral prince placed oalb of Bow England made boots, propelled by man a vivid aanacatioB of Nancy 8Uc«s attracted the aUeniiou of the lawn. The distribution of parts at thethe Central and Western Stetes doubt there eremeayiathe Northernthe throne of Central Italy, as weald proba- lead the industrious masses of the New Eng- tre goers. Matilda fieree waa "cast'far Nasty Stass; Mr. land people into aa ''irrepressible conflict" J. W. WaMack, Jr., for Fagin^Mr. •}. Jordan tor Bui Sikn; bly have been the ease, she will here the mor- with their best customers, bate the truth as Mr. Johnston for the Dodger; Maw Burke, a very yoaag) tification of seeing Sardinia aggrandised aad hot exemimgty eJew>r actreaa, for Ourer; Mrs SSaaafortified by the annexation of the rich pro- heartily as the devil hates holy water; aad lor Mrs Carney, and Mr. G. UoUand far aasaeto. Thenearly sll the« IBBBWVV"Jj JJvlIHUia»aflWnf VallWaa g^asaTaTcome among them and publiah whatever avga-memte he might choose. Taeir abolitionist ^.*Waagf «Mauu&kwry<>tthelas*e-tSMae* »-probably absorb a considerable portion ofof the *sewsesM>,aadm c o a * ^ ^ . , * ta*r,wf DBa7eZ.aU VI irefa of a piece with the wrath of the debased meet *Hh the a e c W ^ A wjTZjZ3y£* • *descendants ofthechivalryofVirginia,both t^loJSateaew^r**»r„ a a / e i ^ J j T t a *But in what directionUntitled Documenttion by a congress oa the folate ia dispute.These blind guides, who are endeavoring toWfcater Qareea iaciwSed several prominent and popular artist*, and excited a great deal of curiosity amongBBSSThe Ntw YORK BUULD baa a spy travelling among the toe manufacturing towns in Haasacbusetta, whose hiinlnsas it aeents to be to denounce 8outherc merchants who makevinces composing it Hot only will she beeat off from all <jh**ee,^ regaining by force«ryportionofwin*#aa«lo«tbythelate the.manufacturingtownsofMassachusettsto SheBM-D*-*u>catchtherentsetrsaadamaiacotin*with the constitutional in- Italy, to the asset asefl of the ia-ef aers but wfflconsent to the declaredand which of the two great existing annexation to Piedmont The only losers byThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069selves were lead to proclaiming as belongingonly to the Southern abolitionist hunters,while taey asserted that aay one could891^60 the country, unite to sustain the new Speaker After such in his arduous task of preserving order in whatthe plain state of tbeir own case. S o theywillbeconstantly talkinastylethatnotlongsincetheythem- 22l!!TMV? **'*•^P*Mr-Joraas'sfeudyke*,a£*"!i!£?gllJElga^'gS »*yZtmZ. oeae. Mr.wamokwasjaatantuotootrs« •»a>-—"*ir«.t«g him i* the »iandard *r a^aaeBBaa!^.^Pbrt,whenwaaa.***frfm*^ m tb^Uttera!^«' when evny OIK HiurKR« i«* «aeota coetialuJiv -' sael^tWme»,afcKM*b3r^ ^ ^ "awasnay, aam www.fultonhistory.combebg wrathy at being shown up in their true•saoota^.aad wben Uat 4m£r\^JZL££ seats*** of tht j>i.ui*.ewnata »•»•»». mmta aaa 