 :KfIilF.declares that the new troops sent to Home are for velous day in the recent history of the Two Sicilies, to me tp-day, for several days 45 miles consecutively. ral's staff, an American, to whom I had given a seat ia . ^augmentation, not for substitution. Gen. Goyon, and I can ecarcely realize what I have witnessed. Well, he arrived at Salerno yesterday, and had, I am the carriage, espitd the General, and I snouted ' Viva who, inanorderofthedaytotheFrenchtroopsat Everyone wasonthe alertinthe morningastothe givento.understand,amoistbrilliantreception. "Per- Garibaldi!' We followed to the Intendenza,.; •"«rffitf*"..'*<•'|coaation, wbichi receive* i t s watchword from t h e his presentation sword and a lot of blarney from the to our country by which It may escape trorh dangers aud dlffioal- 1 ! ; ties without new convulsions, or the shedding of the blood of oarEdwin jrw^e^ to, a ^i«hd;:i'Minder, we steamedm»-#»6> 1HE StATE OF EUROPE.TtjRrN, Sept 11,1860. The famous dispatch of Julius Caesar to the B*SMUI jSenate after the 'wax against the King of Jta^gn^night hare '''beetf 'literaBy copied bygaribaldi He eaine, he saw, he conquered. Between the 19th and 23d of August he conducted an Inconsiderable force across the Straits of Messiaa,andashortbattleatEeggiowassufficient to demoralize alt the Neapolitan a m y , and to lead him en the 8th to NapfesJ. A friend writer mefeat since that struggle Garibaldi's army has not ie&id tie whistling of a single bullet, and that the. «m)y difficult with wMca they baire had to •©stondi* the scarcity of |orsee and moles, and ©f food for the army, in a country where there are no roads. The population of Calabria is finer and manlier than that of idly? the insurrection preceded the Dictator everywhere; the royalfTT'"iTTTijTrII. 7MrM•— iij wn.fore© to Sapri,oning to all the western slope of the Apennines to be the 15th August, Virgin Mary's and Napoleon's .pure invention;. 3. That the recent 'departurefor fete.day. .'•',•/> .;, • •;.4 • 'Sialic*. " . : . . - . miles distant, and I at once proceeded there. Along the • ! ',"With the greatest impatlense Naples awalts^your arrival tosalute you as the redeemer of Italy, and place in your hands the road wc met many hundreds of the Neapolitan troops * powers of the Stste and i H destinies. Dnring tuts interval of who had laid down their arms near Monteleone, wend- expectation! shall remain firm for the maintenance of order and ing their way home—wretched-looking creatures, foot- public tranquility. Ifourvoice, already made known by me to sore and dispirited, and many lying in the edges of the the people; is th« great pledge of the success of such enterprises.flight to Trieste, whitherihe was anxious to enticehis navy, in order to tranalfer it to Austria, but theofficers refused to obeyJ On the 8th Garibaldi, passed themselves in the act of sinking all self-Rome, dated Paris, Aug. 24, says, " The Emperor renortof the intended, departure of his MajestVi.; By haps he may comejn for the Peast of Pie di GrotU," and in a little bedroom, crowded with his " has made me resume my service near him as his univeiaal. coneent he was voted politically d«ad many said some, but I was thunderstruck at the information staff and the local , authorities, I ' had my ".Majesty's aide-de-camp," has been ordered defin- hourB before "he left. On passing through the city I ofa triend this morning that he was to be here " with- first interview with the disinterested andsaw workmen taking down the Boyalarms from the n the hour." There was no time to be lost, and SD, brave liberator of Italy, in his red Bhurt, in a dirty pair itively back to Rome. [When,he left Rome, the\ doore of shops licenced to sell-certain articles, and from through rather a dull and forsaken-looking town, we of jean trowsers and worn-out boots. Combing Ml 8emi-ofiicial jouraals said that it was only a tempo- lottery offices. Crowds were banging about the drove tothe railway. There-were no signs of prep< long, thin hair at the glass, stood the greatest patriot ral y cong6- then they said he was definitively super-. Palace, or looking over the walls of the Arsenal watch-' aration on the road—-a banner of the Madonna bung since Washington. Mr. Ashley and I were announced*,in- advance of his arrriy, arrived at Naples by railway, and was hailed by the people as.their savior. His first act Jjwas to proclaim Victor Emanuel King of Italy! then he reviewed the a m y , which, by order <of the fugitive King, was to assemble that day ott the parade ground. He gave the command of the! navy and of the arsenal to the Sardinian Admira Persano, dismissed the self-constituted (Mazziujkn) Provisional Govern-respect. A little dentist here, who has the honorof cleaning the decayed teeth in several crownedheads, and who, therefore, is horrified at unanointedGaribaldi's peremptory manner of stopping the jaw. observe a demure silence.] That Gen- Noiie did Lucia the cannon, which-have for BOmany years been no Sardinian flag. There was no hurry-scurry in the but was evidently thoughtful. He shook us most cor- of dynastic rulers and their diplomats, is, although not make the speech referred to in my last, and pointed sgainst.the King's most beloved subjects, were strtets, and I thought that there might have been some dially by the hand, asked most anxiously the state of an American, and tooth-cleaner to Papa La Violette„ at that date believed in universally -here and at, beipg removed, and I felt that my chances of security mistake about the. matter, but nothing of the kind. At Naples, and whether the King had left at the time of No. 2 (I believe), consistency and dignity itself in- Turin, is probable. That the Emperor means to were. new. far greater than they had been ia the morn- the railway National Guards..were stationed at all the our departure, and whether troops were placed between-TBoent, and appointed a Ministry, which consists of-yesterday from:here to Naples; Gen. Cosenz, one of 9a*riba!di's personal feiends, became Minister of W a r . Order and tranquillity were not for a moment disturbed at Naples, and Garibaldi is now at the head of a country ojf nine millions of in-pers of the 7th and 8th.| They contain a proclama- tion of the King, in which he complains of Gari- bahii's invasion, announces that, with a portion of *bov army, he is going ^hither the defense of his•the Neapolitans. Liboijio Romano, the Constitu- tional Minister of King Francis II., retains his office under Garibaldi; Scialoja, Under-Secretary of S5Iate at Turin, has t|e Finances, and went off'"and by a proclamation 1 to lie. people to remain tonelli to do what he, Cavour, knew that he, Anto- 1Holvrood. At Marseilles, where the'mise en scene thcrity. . ' .•'In»taking this determination we are conscious,of a dutywhich our ancient and uncontested rights, our honor, the inter-ests of our heirs and successors, and, more than all, the welfare ficial Parisian'enthusiasm in the lurchy his Ma- of our most beloved Bubjecta, have imposed upon us, and there- fore we protest loudly against all acts which have been accom- jesty,'; P . V . No;.. 2, addressed himself to plished up to this time, and against the events which are en tho p>ooijint of completion, or which may be accomplished in future.quiet and orderly. The ! supplement contains the nelli, woujdnot and could not do, dismiss the foreigns'eems.'to'haye sui-passed any efforts of Savoyard " loyalty,'"'and even to have left tho luxury of of-FrorA TheLondon Time; 14th inst.description of Garibaldifs entry, amid the enthusi- asm of the population. j From the balcony of the Palace he uttered the following words:** Yon axe quite right to Ifbe happy this day, when the tyrannical Goverxmenti^vhich oppressed you <has come to an end, acd ah era>pf liberty begins. But be•worthy of liberty, you whp are the sons of the most brilliant gem M Italy. I t&ank you for the way in •which you have received r/jje, not only for me, but in the name of Italy, of -which your concurrence estab-lishes the unity, for which not only Italy but Europe ought tofcethankful to.you." *members of the Papal army—that is, four-fifths of its rank and file, Austrian, Bavarian, and Swiss mercenaries, and its General-in-chief, Lamoriciere, a French mercenary. The Patrie, another of the semi-official organs, comes out .yesterday with the funniest argumentation to show- that His Majesty P. L . V . No. 2, cannot by possibility approve the last Italian "facts " of Victor Emanuel, for '' that " would be to attribute to the-Emperor a "position "directly contrary to all the acts of his policy, " sinie he is no more favorable to-day to the anuex- " atkm of the Marches and Umbria, than he wasthe commercial gentry at a dinner which theyrWce reserve them all our rights and privileges aming from theWe have not had long to wait for the decision of the King of Sardinia upon the advice proffered to him by the French eemi-official press. The troops of Victor Emanuel have entered the Roman territories, and war has begun in good earnest. Gen. Cialdini has takeu Pesaro, which was already announced as being in a state of insurrection, and with the town tWel ve hun- dred Germans and Moneigoor Bella have fallen into . his hands. Orvieto has also surrendered. This is a dashing beginning of the campaign, aud a step that can- not be retracted. Sardinia hae abandoned the tern- porizing policy which she had adopted sin :e the armia- tice of Vulafranca, She no longer oscillates backward and forward, but throws in her lot with the Italian revolution. Policy has done her work, all that nego- tiation, all that balancing and temporizing could effect hse been effected, and there is nothing left for it but to fight it cut manfully to the last. We may easily ima- gine the motives that have driven Sardinia to this de- cisive step. So long as she and her King were the only recognized representatives of the Italian move- ment she might feel herself at liberty to consult her own safety, and await quietly the march of events; but tbe Italian movement is no longer under the exclu- , sive direction of tbe Sardinian Government. Victor Emanuel has in Garibaldi a most formidable compete ilcr—a man of that mold of which the successfulleaders of great popular uprisings are made—a man utterly regardless of self, aud not to be acted on by any of the meaner motives by which com- mon men are to be controlled. The conqueror of Naples and Sicily is quite, certain not to arrest his ad- vance at the frontier of the Roman Statee. The I momentum that he has. gained seems sufficient to carry him over all tho resistance which the States of the •The only fear entertained.by the friends of Italyis BOW, lest, carried await by his fabulous succesi,the Dictator should attjack Rome, and dettch ,p.pon the special interests of the moment beyondexterior us a record of ourfirmresolution always to oppose rea- son end right to violence aid usurpation.The cry Wa8 taken up by the thousands assembled, and uViva Italia !" might have been heard from one end of the city to the other. There were curiousFrance from* the cause and alliance of Italy. Count Cavduar is trying tdjprevent him from such a fatal course by all the means which he commands, and is readyj if required, to oppose him by force ofannexation that he is ever going to have anything '--•':• ".ISfAraps, Sept. 6,1.860. whatever to do with. Garibaldi and the rest of " Among the duties prescribed to Kings, those oft"the days of misfortune are the £iurdest and the most solemn, and I intend that lower sort of fellows have struck it all of a to fulfill them with rebignittiori free from weakuean, and with ahas gent the Count Delia Minerva to Rome with an ttltimatur t requiring C irdinal Antonelli to dis- band, within twenty-four [hours, the mercenariesjurnalism for the past ten years have, in nine cases out of ten, been used either as blinds or feelers by theimperial government, whose final practical policywas at peace wiih all the European Power.»." The changed order of government and my adhesion to thegreat principles of Italian nationality were not sufficient to WATd Off the war^r-nd, moreover, the necessity of defen-iing the iatcir- rity of the State entailed upon rachundreds of Lazzaroni, aimed with pikea, which hadbeen provided for the defense of the barricades had theBonrbons diiven the people to such extremes.. Suchwere some of the scenes to be witnessed. I re narkedPope, who arenotjiing-but adisguised in-they have rarely indicated, and still more rarely de- formulas) doubtfully, heroic bygones. Let us' be I have always deplored; therefore I sole-nnly protest against this fined in advance. 3: That Napoleon never lets his icdescribable hostility, concerning which present and future timethat Garibaldi made not the slightest allusion to thetender tothe Navy no i pacitiesof -M gunboats." tions of the people; there has not been the shadow "ofacontest;theDictatordecidedtoenterthe " capital unattended, and his first act has been to " proclaim Victor Emanuel King of Italy. Thus " the purpose of his expedition, as to which Maz- " zinian intrigues tended to excite doubts, is clearly "denned: what Garibaldi aims at is the unity of " Italy under, the constitutional scepter of Victor " Emanuel" \ ..>•order, bis saintly subordinates do.HEW^OKK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, ^EPTEMBEIl 28,^ pS|§faii^ FromOaiOwn CorreupoDdent ^,;',...,.,,K-:..V^.^--—'--^-.-"-..the extravagances.of the Grand Guillot, you would "riot forgive me the supiBrefogatory pains. Only I%xtiMB.WxiMnpj&mbmBtAFFAIRS m FRANCE. §&•. * * . * ' < < * ; ' • ' • i ' .-...' .* and Is net iacoT the St.»tceof t; • •-Websv* notmotives whichterritory of a %peace, and who ctommiori*, areWhich the deeh s c r u p l e t o e e y • For this we b* ditionof.Souti posiibletopr<upon like tlie t 'attire,and,.if.'t * inhofelee* in«rection ha« be* infer ma ns of ii to those oiP*n- betwtcn tt«W *i i eee crossed tb.-; soldiers of tho. aee Lamonicici slaughter, ard Pope, acd juJ) Heavenbtdev<-spoil.T&sbaj . insult to theinto exhteufe preca the sobj« »y armed forc^ «ee th&t Uie P05 levied aie lou:.i sents it«*lf fo? BlauihUracd^ ercise their trx<l gations. Then<u»Pope"» Got pntsion is iu<-• OWnbol>j*c<*W 1 nysious of Svri:occupationsLFiencLcommitteei.. -.ShouliI,undertake'to combat, TheMarahal kept h i s W i ^ M ^ M M ^ ^ m ^ ^ . "For-yonr protection the police is still maintained; the No- s dispofftl a Sardinian corvette,; the Anthion (so namedP% ^nr\i8t note, ^ that public B&i*-vt«The three cars tfiat passed our .station,while confronting the cruel uncertainties of the position, have beautiful bay -of Saternbi Atsultry sun had etroggted sacrificed themselves for the public good, and who, while evadingthe dangerswMch threatened yb«r libert^ and the independence through the thick sea mist, and poured its fiercest rayt oilthenatir-.f*i&presenceof ^l^.M^J^Sfeo';"iMinistershouldinimedia^yleave^T^*-'^ Tbat ciou8ly eager denials of the Gofernment .'"pxeBS, ia '"tained; eleven:''.toa©^.''^^^^^'''; Therefy^as;„upon the long-row of stately ^white houses which^fornti; thegreat;strsda> of Salerno. Prom the deck; of the*o][>inionr:rather excited' than -calmed bythe suspi-. islth^Jfirst ^^ll^a^^^^^^rjo^g;^;much takenup withthe;appearancesof.an'ahfr-'••••yeifceriay loaded ''mmt^t^imhme^m conj-gusxdlsns.persuaded that your agreement,; and your orderly ohelp them to overcome such difficulties as remain. I am per-suaded that they will not be compelled to invoke the severity-, ofthe law against the senseless agitation of extreme parties; and in pie; the whole population^ about 20,000. was astfav,H such wise our fortunes will be completed, and, if history recountst i e p a t r i o t i s m o f t h e r u l e ? s , i ; w i l l b * t h e g e n e r o u s d i s p e n s e r o fMoHkeur. Now, my story is begun. I'll,tell you French alliance of Eussia, Austria, and. Prussia. '•in which,' among other annB^ was a six-barrelled,•corvette we soon observed that great e^dtethent prai' =•' jailed.in thetown; the shore-was thronged w^thpeb* 4'44 That England takes part in it, isinsane-r-tie rad-ASeV»etaryis,<mhri;ed w i t h ^ e a f f a i r s ical political as well as material interest of England ^"tevolver.^- vPaxvobiscum.'i ,;.:;:_v^*^».AS we approeched, we could observe that bayonet*g l i s t e n e d i n t h e BUD, a n d t h e e c h o e s o f k m d < v i v a s ' ; raached us. yrhat did ft aU mean ? As we steam*]anpither.of>the legation." That is the-seoond and last sen- bindinglher to the preservation of the Anglo-French^ iThe weather for the past week has been unusually. -glory;„to the wJUdom of thispeop;e,;trulyItalian/*.^%W iothi&iday *ttoldthespeakers thathe, should bequeathittoGaribaldi. Count Cavour bad kindly placed at on* willnotrenderuselessthe-magnahimoussacrificesofthosewho, beengaised))and^'8^ o'etoele we had entered theson Patrick^nd aiked thejoa p i n n e r - ?m% Apropos ofside-arms;.a letter from Charleroialliance,oftheruptureofwhichtherehasnotbeenj 'cold,;butdry.iThegramcutintheendof August j^Judging,howeverifromthedemeanorofthepeopW,' tenceofthenote. TheMinisteris(.withdrawnfor hasdriedandbeen.housedundersuchfavorablecon- thoseprecauiiohs,onewouldsay,'werenotatauneces- SSSSSSMdtherfl0r*»thelargecrowdmrvedtothe% is-not, and will not be any sort Of serious danger,-; saryj.fou the city\is as quiet as rt well can be, and the. point- where . we • prepared - to land, and axionslyi?despite the standing jealousies and special newspa-: ditions that tte best agricultural authorities are bnlv noise which distresses one is the horrid^ recitative isjleftfor%>practicalities. The*facts"referred perwarsthat,sprmgUpbetweenall;oftiie,semK nowagreed'thatthecroppi*i860,willequalinquan:; 'oftheLuciahinehermenjustbelowmy''window.''Iahnnual ententes cordiales. \ And yet, tiieireport,in tity a fair, notlio sa^ a good average yield: Quality .really do not fcndw which is the' irreatest marvel, the' td are the manly, patriotic proclamation of "Victor ; r will be somewhat inferior, but importation's of grain rapid/and triumphant progress ofGaribaldi or the per-"Prom the windows of the Intendenza, the Mao> 1 Emanuel, and the passing oyer into the" Papal /a pBelgian paper the other day, that the terms of am to be profitable must be modlerate: The hope ;of^a; ^ct.calm and order of the people. A throne hasfauen, sion-Honse of Salerno, waredaUeortsofnaiw meeMStates if his troops, '^m^^^^^f&^m^^. Anglo-Austro-Prusso*Eus8ian; coalition were nearly; well-ripened-vine crop grows fainter and fainter a'King has left his capital to-day. and yet the aspect of. ofMredclotb,fheMcolor, the! Sardinian andtheNeS - fixed, was enough to induce the mechanical subordi-leyrand and perfect preservation of the Legation, nates of the'Government administration here to with shortening days and cold nights., The quantity eveiyibiBg is unchanged, tho theaters are open, the .window was thropffed; the dark eyes of the SouS i shows Austria^Russia, and the clerical^^pariy at forbid the distribution that day of the paper com, of wine will not be less than of late years, but the- GnflrdsBtaud at the Pakce gatss, and all classes pursue Italian beauty flaaEed from every casement, and faShome how much Lbuift Napoleon diSapprovesyictor Emanuel his behavior, and shows Victor Emanuel howmuchhe.approvee.it. r<;>:,::., f~.taaning such report. • The intense stupidity of siich quality must be poor.' Nothing short of a meteorO-- their usual occupations. I stood in the Toledo this eve- hands waved their fans most ex 'logical miracle can now change the. result. ning,; and,watched the troops leaving .the city; the peo- >' " But.who bad arrived 7 Was Garibaldi here? Had /ple,Btood in rows on either side, but not an ixritatiogyprohibition was a&nirably illustrated,;within thirty- sixhours,bythe,fact.'thattheConsiitutionnel ;was:jThatmatfer^oftheinsulted^^FrenchflagatGenevajv wlord^wasepbken,andnotaeingleactwasdonewhich themanwhosenameisnowoneverylipreachedSa-m orderedtocontradictonWednesdaythereport-aboutwbicb&greatdeafofuseless^newspiapernoise',^ould^yanychanceprovoke-dislurbance;Whatis.lerno?WashewithinanhourbytherailwayofSetThe Clericp.-Lekitimists here are i n . a rage. whose" entrance was forbidden on -Tuesday, and has been made, is now-all quashed and quieted, the cauf?eofa'l these wonders 1 One thing is certain, doomed city? Where was:^his army? "wherethe *"Which "i8Vexc^bie.,If there ever was,A party whose purport,1 meantime, had \become universally Swiss auihorities having hastened to make explana- and.that is that long; sufferipg and. persecution have 17,000 Bavarian troops who were in the town yester-ve*xed and -" worried," and cruelly deceived, it is knowm i '": :": y-:'' '•'• "':'."•'„,." •'•.'•:; ,' tions which the Emperor hastened to accept as satia-: created one great desire for relief; any oneis welcomed day, and had been sent from Naples to make the %&• «' ; : as a savior to ihe" p«ople and the near presence of that stand for its effete and impotent monarch| On I wsajf••%thatpartyforthelastmonths. ThatJo/Garibaldi, ;Befbfe quitting the Constittuionnel inits noy^el 'iactory..':v;;;.i.tv./,;i;':/-,.;.•••vvr,..:'?-:.:f•*•..•;•••.•---; ''>. mjfyg t atoncetotheIntendenza. Isentinmycard,aodfound i troops sojk their muskets! and' disbanded before a quite low, tallow-chanaiering, revolutionist skip- charac'tef of veridical corrector' and censor, and; ;The Monitcur announces; the 'organization of a saviorr€ndersthem oblivions of thepast, in the imme- that the gallant Colonel Peard, \l Garibaldi's English-1 per of a person, should walk into Naples in,a dusty its normal role ofsemirofficiai indicator of N'apolebhici grand annual shooting match at Vincennes; the; diate expectation of new political life aud liberty. . man,' was installed in the gaudy rooms of the old*man- sthe volunteers could reach them'; the Neapolitan red shirt, Supreme Chief of the Two Sicilies, was chief features of which are that it is open to all^, !SE^T. 7.—As. soon as-his Majesty left, a Provisional sion, and one. or two of Garibaldi's staff. He had en>:'4officers were unable to maintain discipline; no- bad enoxigh; that King Francis should run outof^it. policy, let me note, 1. That it said pretty much the- Government was formed, consisting of Piaoelli. Liber- entered the town aloze, and, in the name of the Gene- ,body cared for the King, and thus the Crown of the Twcf SicaBea was lost w|lliiontjdignity. The tail of the Bourbons was even jpaore shameful than that «l t&e Stuarts. "When Garibaldi saw that therojail troops would not fight in Calabria,mhe ^transported a smallthe bay of Policastro, and marched straightupon Salerno,, where Bosco had assembled a respectable army to '(defend the approach to the capital; but even tbWe the Neapolitan troops aefused to fight. They repeated, and the King had no alternative "but to leave Naples and to retire to the fortress of Gaeta. JHe had given orders to the-fleet to follow him, and to protect his eventualas he did—showing aslittle faith as! Garibaldi him- same sort of fetuif, solemnly warning Fuzbuz rers comerB, without distinction oj nationality; that it tini, Bella, Celonna, Cofnorti, Agresti, and EicciardL ral, had taken possession of it. The Bavarian troopg> > self in-divine right, and run himself down and out specting the annexation of ithe Duchies, that it now will furnish 44 targets to French and foreign shoot- Cosenz was appointed pro-Pxtator, and Bertani Sec- who the day previously were stationed in thle town,'*and who guarded the beautiful pass which tonmnaW *molin—was worse; but " t h e facts just taken place troops at Rome riespecting the Emperor's orders to- ing match will be open this year from Sept. 30-to -address: . ;.-.,'..•' V ' '--» ••' Peard, with whom"! had an interview, I learned thatutters respecting the Sardinian invasion of the ers of all arms, 6 ditto to the National |j&uard,;:-S retaryGeneraL This, of course, is subject' to modiH-like a waste, brief candle, a disgrace even to his ; :!remnant of the Papal States;' 2. That it/declares ditto for pistol shooters, and 2, ditto to bowmen. cation by Garibaldi. At the same time LiborioBomanothe lailway^wsre not to be seen, and four nnsrnoetl famHy, lower sunk than even the Coiintof Monte- the report of Gen. Noiie's. address to the French' The first highest prize is 10,000 francs. The shoot- ex-Minister' of the Interior,: pubh'shed the following men had captured a considerable city! From Colonel '.in Italy " are worst of all: You may judge some- what of the impotent rage they are in by consulting , their Parisian newspaper organs that will reach you by this steamer. One of them has invented a new titlefor Garibaldi, styling him a "venomous ani- mal," which is as good in its way as' the new title which was given with a.bunch of .violets to Louis Napoleon the other day at Lyons by a deputation of soldiers of the First Empire, and which his Majesty said he " accepted very heartily and gratefully"— Papa La Violate No. 2. - - ..:.But if you are fond of amusement, and seek it in newspaper reading, consult the so-called^ semi- official organs, which, within the past few days, have played more fantastic variations and several octaves lower than ever before. Their editors have sur-defend a territory about Home nearly correspond- Oct. 9. In future years the trial will commence on-; "To the. Host Invincible Gex. GABIBAXDI, Dictator of the Two the General was expected at Eboli, a village about 16nee.' The epai means ia an,oat a danger and : Borne Govern:r* which can be n to garrison the to tack ittiu^u'jtf We freely a;.m evil could jc^fc but we th-.nk d cure iieeif. 'Vbof grass"rental nanes wooId i venge for tbe people had c?2 reasons we thin Eympathy of £ engaged. W« Bncceesmav te• . . • * . . . .PROCLAifJTURIN-, SVj.fc tationfrom tils His"Mije»ty sc tion solicited. \ dinisn trtjop* u proclatcatioi"Soldiers ZJmbrni, in ore* now desolated liberty of ex;»r fight, agsinet ti free, those unh foreign advent to reverge lh}x vent the fojul the oppressors1"By yocr e givencte ci ort'< who comra: cd Iglamient.."At peace v myself aloof Central Italy discord. I i'al the Church, to cordance wirh guaianteeo of misguided & ;iHome of French troops was; not to increase the r.! I •;•:;:;. ,' '. '*•• ..garrison, but totake the place of an equal numberof retiring soldiers; 4. That Lamoriciere never didissue an' order of the day commending an immediate-sack and pipage of every town in the Papal States, Correspondence of Tbe London Times. 'where the first sign of insurrection should show, NAPLES, September 6,1860.itself. Per contra,. the Monitcur of this morning' This has been the most eventful and tho most mar- pected him. He marched, as one of his followers said the narrow streets of the village, andone of the Gene«AFFAIRS IN NAPLES. . FLIGHT OF THE KING AND ENTRANCE OF" 1 await your further orders, and am, with unbounded respect, vineyards half famished and almost dead. At the en- - "NapUs, Sept 7. •'LIBORIO ROMANO." trance of Eboli, on the descent of the pass of the moun- And how for the events of the day. Garibaldi is tain upon the side of which the village rests, we saw; ; GARIBALDI. 0sponsible chief editor of the 8emi-officml Constitu- nothing of statesmen. .tionnel, GrandgiriHot] And thus said the " indis-solubly blended" Guillot4he-Great, "that if Victor .. Papa Violette II. (to change the subject);has had by a revolution, rising in insurrection under so great an excite- Followed and accompanied by three lines of car- within an hour's distance of Naples. He has not met " Emanuel went into the Papal States in armed" force,- it was a mistake on V. E.'s part! P . L." V. No. 2 would not back him up in such pro-tectionas -woil c" cedure, and he, E. V., would come to" grief." This leader of the Constitutionnel whichable," so the less said the better. Seriously, ^put- " Strong in our rights, founded upon history, in international San Carlo and the Palace of the King, which Royalty treaty, and in »he public law of Europe, we intend to prolong left ODly a few hours before, and entered the palace ofting Monitorial facetiae and" extravaganzas aside, our d«ftntte while it in possible, yet we are no less determined reception for foreign princes. The crowd waved baick-.rupt and so degraded that a hired soldiery, employed to suppress the constitutional liberty Of the people, refuses in the hour of need to protect even the person of theirv•"lastyeartothatof.Tuscany and tiic Romagna." "cialities." ^. • :thesealofenrRoyalarm?,a'dcountemignedbyourMinisterof somuchmorethanothernations. 'LongliveItaly1'" Foreign Affairs, it should be preserved in ourltojal offices of.theNot a bit more. The Patric is, for once, undoubt- edly right. The Constitutionnd of this morn- ing, not having received any orders, has no leader. The Monitcur contains nothing bearingLtt us be just: Two-thirds of this Marseillesspeech is sincere. Napoleon wants peace sincerelyfor the present, specially wants persuade tho rest ofthe world that h*wants it, and that the Savoy and „ „ , • ,Nico business was the last, positively the last bit of " Naples, September 6,1860 »the- ambidextrous note quoted at the head of this letter. Meantime, folks of thought and memory note, 1: The change of the-Tnrin Cabinet, from" ROY AI. PROCI-AMATIOX.his difpotal, but in one hired for the occasion.•a very fine time of it at Marseilles. The crowd was ment, have formed Provisional Governments under the'title and riages, he went along the.l Marinella, through the a soldier of the King, nor has one life been the sacri-repressibly enthusiastic, as highly flattering as those which greeted Charles X. in his progress througheivil war."In consequence we stall retire beyond the walls with ourone red coat, then another, and at last'the hero. What a cry of" Viva" there rose from the vast mass below ! When last that balcony was occupied by a distin- guished personage it was by the Grand Duke of Tug- cany, but in answer to no calls, for there were only a few of those idlers who always hang about the palaces of princes. 15 was impossible to make himself heard amid the noise and confusion, and so Garibaldi leant over the iron railing and gazed intently on the crowd. A wave of the hand at- last asked for silence, but in vain.' l' Ziiti, Zitti!" . rose from all sides,, and there was a perfect silerjce. " Neapolitans," said a voice as clear as a bell, and with an enunciation so distinct that nothing could fail to reach the ear: 'send you a little sketch of the scene."VICTOR EMANUEL IN THE PAPA'L DO- MINIONS.gave nim. The speech he made on that occasion m. st sacred and incontestable laws cf succ-Ksion, as well as from maybe resumed in a few words: " Peace ! its the force of treaties, «nd we declare solemnly that all the afore- "works are as honorable in my eyes, as dear to my said acta and events are null, void, and of no effect. For whit concerns us, we leave our cause and tho cause of our people in ;*jheartasthoseofwar.War!itisgammon!Never thehands,ofAlmightyOod,und<rthofirmconviction-thatdur- ing the short space of our refgn we have not entertained a single thought that was not devoted to the happiness and the good ofv " you mind the envious, jealous grumblings'excited " by the superiority of France. If wekeyp quiet, they " will die out. These fatal jealousies belong to a pasl;'• This is a solemn, holy, and memorable day.This day, from' , jname of Victor Emanuel, aud I remarked also that, tervention. ; Should this ultimatum be refused, then wishes run away with his purposes—that his special than reading it. Alexander Dumas has thegrace " The Diplomatic Corps residing at my Court has known since with few exceptions, the only cries in the streets werements my heart has been filltd for tH my people, as well as for thisexpel the foreign troops! from the soil of Italy. special faculty, quite peculiar- to himself among better of even his wanton pen, commanding respect. illustriouB city, with a view of securing her from ruin and war. tho Palace and the room in which Garibaldi was re-into collision with the Austrian power in Venke. For suth a consummation the Sardinian Government is not prepared. It sees plainly that if things hold their pre- sent course; a little longer it will be in the power of Garibaldi to drag Piedmont as well as all the rest of - Italy into a conflict with Austria, and to force her to> risk all she has gained in an encounter where the prob- abilities of success are against her. She mas', there- fore, at whatever cost or risk, make herself once more mistress of the revolution. She must lead, that she, may not be forced to follow. She must revolutionize the Pupal Statee, in order thsct she may put herself ia a position to arrest a dangerous revolutionary movement againtt Venetia. There ia some reason to think that ina recent ipterview the Emperor of the French has been nduced to geo things from this point of view, aud that no danger is apprehended on the side of France.'Theeevmotives are amply sufficient to account for the , decisive movement of Victor Emanuel. He lives ia • revolutionary timee; when self-preservation hits super- j seded all Other considerations, and it would be childish to apply to his situation the maxims of international law wnich are applicable to periods of tranquillity. >,These being the motives which have impelled Pied- mont to draw the sword, we have next to "see what sse the grounds on which she justifies the step. These grounds are two—the extraordinary urisrule and op- rreufcioh of the Papal Government, and the presence of large bands of foreiga merwnariee, by which the country Is oppressed and terrorized. The object is said to be to give the people an opportunity of expressing their own wishes and the reestaoliehment of civil order. The King promises to lespeot the seat of the Chief of the Church—Rome, we suppose, and its immediate environs; but, while holdiojg out this assurance, the manifesto speaks of the Pope »ad his advisers in twrma of bitterness:«utd acrimony xmusual tojhe p r e m t . a g e , even in a declaration of war. He wfll toaeh the peo- pieforgiveneis^offensas^^^istlaa toleranoeto the Pope and his General. He dwpunces toe mis-Suided advissrtfof the PontM^and^the-fefaatictom ef ie wiekedsect^hiehi coaspbifr^tfMt*fcU*»U»rifr and theUberUftof 0* nation .TJ&is bar*langa**,,.•..-.. at umonarchs, and statesmen even, is a capacity to look The .Count arrived to-dayj at Rome, but he was not facts straight in the face.of saving her inhabitants and til their property, her saarod Papa Violette II. has been enthusiastically.('!) churches, her monuments, her, public buildings, her collections received at Nice, and has gone from there to Coiv of art, and all that which forms the patrimony of her civilizationceived I ' s a w him g'tvir-g Venetians. " W e are allaudience to a deputation of ready and organized, Gen-and Srritatib^f and his doJm is therofbre certain.B * more important to i n o w the part Austria ishe bids all his subordinate irresponsible editors, from the statue of J.' Caesar, the only original, ex- strong and happy. i"/'RAN<!/IS II."-. journalists, presidents of departmental councils, and isting in the Capitol. Lcs Miscrables, by Victor The protest iBa matter of course, and requirea no re-and of her .greatness, and which, being an inheritance of future In the last eighteen months his plans and pur- _8ica .where he is at this present writing, and whence generations, is superior to the passions of a daya eral,; and anxious to begin." "" You cannot be more " anxious than I am," was the reply, and then he lefireceived by ihe Cardinal, land the Pope is prepar-ing an excommunication in due form against poses respecting Italian affairs have been frustrated. he goes to Algeria.-. There will be enthusiasm. A " The time has now come to fulfill these profession! Of mine. the room to repoee and fake some refreshmeut.King. Victor Eznamjjel. The semi-official He wanted to clear out the Austrians from Italy; great box of medals, intermixed profiles of Emperor The war is now approaching the walls of the city, and with un-utterable grief I am now to depart with a portion of my army to In the sftemoon Garibaldi visited the Duomo, andevening paper of Turinjj from which I gather to reform the administration of the Papal States; to and Empress oh one side, commemorative legend betake fayself where tho defense of my rights colls mo The the greetings were more enthusiastic than in the morn- make an Italian Confederation and prevent annexa- of their, voyage to Algeria in September, 1860, on remainder of-my army remains in company with the honorable ing,- and the crowd far greater. It was a worthy de-these facts, says that the poops will pass the fron- National Guard, in order to protect the inviolability and safety oftion; to stop the Sicilian insurrection; to prevent the other, has been sent, in advance to Algeria, its the capital.^which I recommend as a sacred treasure to the seal monstration. From the Duomo he returned-to thetier to-night,[an* march to the assistance of the its spreading to the mainland; to prevent, above all, contents to be properly distributed among the Arabs of the Ministry; and I call upon the honor and the civic feel- ing ofthe Mayor oTNaples and the Commandant of tho said Na-Palazzo Angri, in the Toledo, where, for the present,he retides, if he can be said to reside anywhere; for hisofficers tell me he may go off to Ga*ta in the morning,or to the Abruzzi In the evening. We never know has.towns oft others, whicl^Pesaro, Montrefe'tro, and several the formation of a great united Italian State that when their Majesties are once on the.ground. They tional Guard to spere this beloved country of mine the horrors ofrose on Sunday against the Pope andmight well become a rival of French predominance in the Mediterranean, and a great European Powerwill be greeted by the Bey or Ley of Tunis, and by delegates of the brother Emperor of Morocco, andinternal discord and the disasters of. civil wars, for which pur- pose I conctde to the above named the widest powers that thevJmay require.iciere. 8m iiibre are about 60,000 men ready formidable balancing power toFrench Continental will.•whistle on the occasion, and, the. innocent tingentfor126years,afterhavingpreservedit from tho horrorsfy, and are now menaced by Lamor-movements or.-his whereabout?. How the people's independent of French protection, and a possibly the first locomotives on the. first Algerian railroads xi ' - ^ a descendant of d djnnBt.y that has reigned over this con- lungs stand it I can!tmake out, but there was no cessa-lor Italianto rush into bria and Ibe Marches, respecting, Neapolitan, nor could I without bitt-r grief addrets words oftion of shouting and of galloping up and down and kiss- ingund huggiDg during the whole of this blessed day; and, now night haa set in, every house AB illuminated. Looking up the side streets the eifect is beautiful. The banners touched ono another from the opposite windows, and there was a blaze of light between. There is a torchlight procession in carriages and on foot in the Tcledo and other parts of the city. Crowds rush along with torches or bannera in one baud, and kuives or swords in the other, like so many mad Baochaua- lians, only they werenot drunk, except with joy and newlv-found liberty, and they stop and hug and kiss, and then rush on till they meet with other crowds. But wore I towiite ahundiedcolunns of deuonptbn,predominance. The logical obstinacy of the Popo, French public will further indulge in what might be of a long viceroyalty, the affections of my heart are here. I am a however,'3|oine and its immediate neighborhood, the obstinate folly of the King of Naples—more than styled a. suporfetation of belief in. the boundless farewell to my moHt dearly beloved people,-r-jto my feUow-eitfcs- these, the obstinate spirit.and progress of the Italian fecundity of that Algerine colony—which has hith- ",Whutcver may be my destiny, belt prosperous or adverse, I the struggle must be a short one. The campaign sentiment of national unity^—have baffled, frustrated, erto produced absolutely nothing worth mention- ..shall always preserve for them a passionate and allectlonate re-wiB- scar*celf last three Weeks, though, Lamori- tangled his policy. His annexation of Savoy and save official reports, Zouaves and generals.rnembrancc- Lrecommend to them concord, peace, and strict observance of their civic duties. Let not an excessive zeal for myi &?9*\? »" niade apretense for disturbance. 'J Whether from the fortunes of tho present war I returnshortly among you, or whatever may bo the timtf at whiohitmayplease the jus:itlce of God to restore me to the throne of my mi-cestors, a thrm.e mode^ all the moie splendid by tho free in-dere's troopi are not to bi despised, and the Gen-OTalT* m&itart talents ntBg|t easily make up for the*ma»ness of M a m ^ buj he; figbts in a country tage over the rest, of a cool head. which looks opon him and hia soldiers with hatredPapa La Violetto No. 2 his life of.J. Caesar is not quite so tar advanced as was reported in a late num- ber of -Tiiis' TRIBUNE. Meantime, Minister Gram- mont has sent to the Imperial author at Paris a fineNice has excited the anxiety and jealousy of the rest of Europe. Probably no statesman in Europe is more embarrassed than he. Ho has the advan-stitutiorjs with which 1 have irrevocably aurrouudod it all that To take the wind out of the sails of the coalition, photographic copy of his Imperial subject, taken I pray from this time forthis to behold again my people unitedthe rest, to " aggravate their voices" in praise of Hugo, is now ready for the press. The copyright ruajk. At tho,same time the Prefect put forth the fol- I should be only repeating myself; so I leave this fes-jHr#^pIay---whe$er shl is ready-to back the peace. Hence, Grand Editor Guillot has of for the firet edition h^s been sold for 50,000 francs, lowicg address: taveeoene for the night. Some rounds of cannon areFope* aud to rttihlrito War, or will prefer to keep it ie said, and its publication will precede that of his «'(Jn-UElvs!rTbe K ^ iaf leaving: -In^^ the midst of a grand fired from the Boibone and other NeapoUtan vessels, late .days undertaken the novel - functions, of. misfortune snd another, principle which trlainpbs: your oondnct which have hoisted the Sardinian flag mast high, and out-of harmV way, at the ferf moment when Hun- corrector general of false rumors, veridical news- successful brother author and •occasional subject, cannot be doubtful. The one imposes on you reserve in the the carmine and Ovo salute also. As for the Potenza.gajy*tflWoii%6fc verge- (jf insurrection. On the «ti>erhand,Russiaseem*»-boreadftorenewthe *M JRbly^^ Affiance, and the Coburg influence in E d -entaagJe l»e l in' the same coalition.«man and infallible joothsayer. All this talk of coa- Napoleon It Petit. '•#;'..' .•.„:';,,-, ;,;'. prtsence of fallen Majesty; the other, demands of you self-de- T^hich^as^cruiBing off ischial and received orders to1 lition, etc., saith the Grand Guillot, is false. Theonfy-ccahtionthatexistsisaEuropeannewspaper-j McMahon,;. actual Marshal of France, and re- motelydescendedheiroftheIrishKing,hasreceivednial, prudence civil courage,. No oneof youwUi disturb the de- velopment of. tho heroic destinies, of! Italy; no one will think of- laceiatingthecountrywithvindictiveorflagitioushands.Rather• you will calmly await tho memorable ^»y which will open upatricomeinto^apleB,;shehasgone 6fCto Gaeta. :Thefollowingisanextractftoxa.aletterfrom Mr.Anciens partis of France? The; Ziondon T«mic5, ;hjand8 and mouths of !the oppressed Irish delegation/ una Hjuiuuiirew wuvuiwuiu, vi vun vutHiaiug m xoe OIOOU OrOU>Augsburg Gazette, Madrid Epoca, and Merest'are ^ h b handed over the sword andbjatber-Bkaited with*atlme let the city jrest trau.. quiU let comrDorce pursue its course wHh coBfideDoe; kt every; $^$ll8$"% ,v->.'>;r<",v''- •7&e.- ••i -;tinent, which for a long time have been agitated in every minner nominal protection of the above sovereign, and have^confided tothis night the General will sleep with his small Staffthe French v^ "It ia Cheenormous, the illumination dazzling and the enthu- a prrtt-nded Dictator fall authority and the decision of thijir Babso Poito, surrounded by thousands, and deafened fice. What a revolution ? A dynasty overthrown bytheSovenfvu-and abroad, a V dimcnlfie*. TOmovement. "Thatdt-riis useful arl atacceeare:n< wish of eve:v " If somelet us net ' against our againet our ^O" L e t u ? th op the rew.rt have crowns i"In my grandeur ;.; large p!scJ», XL* of its•inhabits Being near tbr .resent en i bos 'Olive-branc:: i:its sde-" Let the F' by the miia • barbarian nat hert'ghteu ;a< vite Uie X*c$on the pontic of its vra*7T lastlyj let Ma. her, equ*l U most ardf •' " I give- a t •geille^ "ARM1The Ssgi. Island, CalifiDre. Her au' safety of tliH'it is thoof^•TThis t»eii»g Whose term < foreign suuc about to Sabin«;'c.< squadron. t hrigs B*iuEach of ti; pay off the "while l b tiuedto Lc Novenib.!.—Aa'advi September i have no »cjf ing deU> . that the aof the pre matter, it The advev ness, and days after—Two equally aud ited thsm vei with each friend*, t; -jdecide mhte Xto time iv. drawinga. engaged to•-Madaa; reside* iu I> that the in ianything wi'sia>m-r-well the Monitcur says.it was " indescrib- deeti'ny. - .1• by their greetings, up the Lago Caetello, and so on by the mighty influence of opinion—a kingdom so cor-• xcited some attention here and in England, the-Emperor's receptions in Savoy, Nice, and in old upon every eacrifice in order to save thi« vast metropolis, thewardaud;forwa-d,andlookedupfiotheWindowsand King! Whatalessontomonarchs!shouted for the appearance of Garibaldi. First came "Ishall enter Naples with the General, and willglorious home of the most ancient memories, the birth place of France, seem to have been.dn the whole, if not ir- national art and civilization, from the horrors of anarchy andamong folks who will, persist in attributing undueimportance to semi-official journals, was taken inTurin at its just value-^-unindorsed waste paper.Cavour I;went on, all the same, to summons An- Lonaine»a year or two before his departure for for the preatrvation of order, and for respect being shown for au-srmy, confiding in the loyalty aod in the love of our subjectsour >ubjectj.'• The institutions whith we have irrevocably gua*a^teed thembeing subiects tinder the yoke of tyranny, you have become afree people. I thank jou in the name of the whole of Italy.are the rroofs of this. This protest of ours shsll be transmitted',' age. Peace and material prosperity are my spe- to every Court, and wo desire that, signed by. no, provided with erty 5' so much dearer to Italy, inasmuch as she has sufferedThere were priests with trieolored scarfs over their a srtate of expectation to vigorous action, dates from, heap., The live, real history of Italy for the last serrne and confident houTt,.as befit tho descendants of so many shoulders and banners in their hands, and bareheadedimmediately after the "purely ceremonious " inter- monarchs. For such a purpose I once more address my Voice to month is the most vivacious, hopeful, undignified hu- the peop'e of- this metrouoiis, f<n,rn whom I am now to departmenks with muskets oh their shoulder?. There werearms. In tile mean time. in order to remain at view of its delegates, Cialdmi and Farini, with tho man history that has yet occurred. It has not yet with bitter grief.French Emperor at Chamb.eiy, a fortnight. or so fallen back into artistic chiaro-oscuro, and no soi- "An urjun war, carried on in contravention to the law of nd- and 8Wordstick8 in their hands, which they brandishedthe head of the Italian movement, the Government ago. 2: That the utterances of semi-officialdisant historian of the present day is up to Garibaldi.Thomas Carlyle, who might come Up to the occa-sion, prefers rather to idealize and falsify (he, thepretended antagonist of shams and shallower ofmen and women with unsheathed swords and daggers, tiens, bis invaded my^States, notwithi-tauding the fact that I in all. the drurkenness of enthusiasm. "There wereof t i ethe Sardinian army will cress> the frontier, and faculty is watching -and waiting, and his yet mare to keep quiet. The grandeur of events has got the the commencement of (his unexpected invasion with what senti- " Viva Garibaldi .'"'" Viva Italia /," On entering Church can offer, and to bring him with a violent shockthankful all the same: we live it, which is better will pronounce its solemn verdict' •""•'•'• ••-••brothers. ' That day is se&rt but meantime let the city jresttrauUntitled Document" FRANCESCO II.JOthe obligation of events whim,'«,&"/ '*.*5<£«————————iii I,,• ''"'•'"'''' •of Hie; let all opinionsta .llonalGuard watch*» under arms..:,^Chui..acting,,cittietu.you ftbnifhei placewhere one o*f;their great'""lati^*i&jfiTMOne I'ernain ID theordinaryunite in the sublime agreement to save the country.among us—sooner by many days than we had ex- four old picturesque carriages driving in hot haste intoceded, as he really.was, by Gen. Noiie. Now they irg the preparations for the Koyal journey'. la Santa across the street from the church to the barracks, but, He remained in the same attitude for a few minutes, --iDg_. On a eudden I beard women's Bbrieks and invo-" entrances, and;flag8 veere coming down in rapid suc- Eboli and Salerno; but his greatest anxiety was to comparison. Lest I be charged with exaggeration, protect Rome and keep the Pope there, remains cauons.: What on earth is the matter ? I rush to my cession, for the arrival of the Dictator was suJdon, like know the feeling of the English people on the great letme.furnishafewproofs. In the semi-official Certain—for the present; with howmuch sur- wmdbws,andeeeagrfatcrowdofbilhngsgategentry everythinghedoes,andpeoplewereunprepared.-The missionhehastocarryout. Hespokeinthehighest Patric, of May 8, apropos of Garibaldi's doparture rounding teritory is not certain. It also assembled below, alternately increased and diminished waiting-roOms inside were full of the most eminent terms of the, impartial and kind co'uduct of oar Ad- for Sicily at the head of an armed expedition: " I n seems ' entirely probable that Lamoriciere by' people xuehingin and out of the neighboring church. characters of Naples, at least among" the Liberals. • miral at Naples, and requested us to see him again in " acting thus Garibaldi puts himself on a parallel did not issue a general Order for sack- B^ut what is the maitter ? " Madonna mia!" was the There were fell the members of the Comitato which has the evening at Salerno, to which place, after changing " with Walker, and subjects himself to the appli- ing and pillaging insurrectionary, towns; the last universal cry; "Save our King! Make peace for issued its hiysterious'conimands for so many months; horses, he was hastening. He stated that Ills determina- men agreeable both to iftbe Turin Cabinet and to' ' \ cation of the laws regarding piracy," etc. Iii the performances of his troops at Fossom have shown our King! See, the Madonna of Santa Lucia is sweat- Azala, the new commander of the National Guard; tion was to take Naples, at the earliest moment, and Pa trie, of Sept. 11, apropos of Garibaldi's entrance that any orders encouraging barbarity were, entirely ing; large drops are running down her, cheeks and Leopardi, the historian; a great many of our that he desired to do so without its, costing a life, if into Naples: '' Garibaldi entered"amid the acclama- superfluous. What the Algerine General did not neck. Blesied Madonna, epare the King!".The countrymen, Lord Llanover among the number; a possible. All was bustle and excitement. The National whole place was in'an uproar, and a few swearing or few, but-very few, ladies, as still there was au impres- Guard, aware of his approach, mustered in large num- weepingMedonDasmighthavesetthecityonlire,de- sionthatarowmighttakeplace.Istoodbyapriest bers;theirunmusicalbandweremakingtheirutmost spite the antagonism between' fire and water,, but the who was Chief of the Provisional Government of noise. Deputations of priests and Franciscan monks For the rest, the clerico-legitimists are • quite .troops and the N&tlon&l Guard were soon on the spot, Lecce, and who indulged in anecdotes of Garibaldi, were crowding into his pretence. Women and chil-habitants. The Kiiig, nhoae , ignominiousflight had materially Assisted the triumph ofliberty, had still succeeded in carrying away th*)Neapolitan treasure. A$ the cash in the differentdepartments of the adnvijistration was seized by theflying monarch, and Gajtibaldi had to telegraph toTurin f:or moxt-ey tio payjjtf&ae troops and toe fleet. Sardinian invasion of the Papal States, though the "While writing, I have received the Neapolitan pa- ConsLituiionnel of Monday, September 10, its chiefthe " prodigious miracle," and, " Ecce Sigtiori,- what were thofee drops on the neck and face?" His holi- ness, however, seeing tha*; his trick was discovered, put himself into a carmge, and endeavored to make his escape, but was arrceteu in the course of the evening. Toward mid-day it was made known that the King would positively leave the followicg evening.'* Minis-proaches^ 8nd there is a tremendous burst of " Vivas;" but no, it is not the hero; it ia a convoy of Bavarian soldiers who have lately. deserted, and are joining the winning cause. So we turn roand again, and talk over the suflferings and persecution a of thelast twelve years, and point out all the remarkable men in the room. At last, 12 o'clock siriked, and a bell sounds, and from axighU calls him, declares his love to his countrytntejprfae, of which the above sovereign protested hii ignoranceture's nobleman expressed, and it does not sayone thing while plotting another; it ia marked by' sands had collected, bands played, and when the Gen-To come now to another order of facts, which for the last few days dispute precedence of interest in the public mind with the .wonderful, romantic, al- most fantastic, successes of Garibaldi. Apropos of the rumor, fast growing all last, week, on a rich up- turned subsoU of facts, to strong likelihood and" has been often bestowed, and sometimes deserved, " but CIWRLE-MAGXE is the only prince in whose " favor the title has'been indiesolubly blended withhis Hessiansi or the French foreign legion, or Gari-baldi's French, English, and Hungarian (and Amer-ican ') volunteers'. Happily, this working king, Jo-seph the First, by beneficence of G^d, is no lawyer-walks straight through the law of nations, whichEteamer got up its steam early, and, just as night was cloBinj?, theiaat of the Bourbons bade farewell to his capital, if not to his throne." Viva Garibaldi!" rises from a thousand voices, and the train stops; a few red jackets get out, and they are seized, hngged, and kissed with that, most unnerciful.him from thef epiree 8gainst' be nation.. "Soldier-*.! One ambition, .moral order In"Continual dang NAPripening nearly to matured certainty, of the fusion oi'Yictor Emanuel and Garabaldi and -consequentThe following1 article, which I trans'ate and send violence which characterizes Italian ardor. There washis • solemnest style spake: [ " T h e appellationAt a grand City of Marteileditor, inimportance^says Gibbon,. chap. x u x . of .the Decline and Fall,of highot great,"in the most formal manner, and wh;ch, nevertheless, at the and people, and bids thjem farewell. The second " the name." It is but a step, said the first Nano- " let the great rulers of the world approve or dis- moment when negotiations were going on for an intimate alli-mering stars 'in the blue canopy of Heaven.'' Thou-document is a protest against Garibaldi, by which the King reserves his tztijesand rights; and solemnly dec^reVairthe events by which he loses his crown o be null and void, and resigns his cause to Qodyasseverating that, during his short reign, his only care has been the good of the country and the hap- piness of the people, of which the Constitution that he had revived is a pledge. This protest i3 followed n the paper by Garibaldi's letter from Salerno, announcing his speedy arrival, and recommending ordax and tranquillity, and by Liborio Romano's Hmtation to the "rnost invincible General Garibaldi, f* ZHctatcrif the Two S&Uics," to come to Naples," houses of others, we mean to be masters in ours,leon, from the sublime to the ridiculous, the truth of ance between us, received in his own States its principal sup-" approve." Now, Louis Napoleon, P . L . Violette port and ai sihtance. that enterprise at which the whole of Europe which dictum is felicitiously illustrated " in this II., is, oddly enough, better capable of appreciating looked on with indifference, after having proclaimed the prin- connnectioh" by the name of his supposititious ciple of ncn-intervwilion, leaviing us alone to fight against the nephew'^ most celebrated and self-degraded irre- that Garibaldian commentary on the law of. nations common enemy, is now upon thejpoint of extending its disas- than any other European ruler now going, to say ttous effects to"our own capital. The forces of the enemy area loy8.1iy which in vain might be sought for in that of many of the so-called great ones oferal appearefrby torchlight at the window of the 'Hotelno strorg nation has ever observed, and squares his Kind:.' ;action by the higher law 6£ equity. Law oi na- tions or no law of nations, says he, youinterlopers, get out of this I God's law and Nature's law is that Italy belongB to'the Italians*!. As he well said this day week, in his proclamation to the Neapolitans:" Finally, while observing entire respect for the. . / " FRAXCIS II." Since ^ rpcWess adventurer, postK-Sfiug all the force of whichrevolutionary Europe can dispose, has attneked. our dominions,- under the Darue of an Italian Bovereiga who is both a relation Bud.a friend.1 wc have striv«n. for five months lorig, with all the weans In our^'powor, on behalf of the sacred independence of our Stated •'..;;%;Xiew Chamberaid t>y'force acd moderation managed to qaell the dis- whom he kDew well in Korrje. Bnt what delays, the dren were throwing flowers into the room, in the corner turbance in a short time. It was my neighbor the Dictator ? Half-paat 10 o'clock, and he does not make of which he sat, in a rickety old chair, unmoved and parroco or guardiano, who had spread the report of his appearance. At last a bell rings, a train ap- tranquil. There is a simple grandeur about his de-meanor which is very striking, very cool and collected; but when be spoke of the subject of French policy his eye lighted up instantly, and in shert, epigrammatic sentences, he spoke of the sympathies of" the French people with his cause; but in terms which I need not repeat of the policy of the EmperOr.r Mounting our mules, we started back to Salerno, and on our journey, met one of his regiments on their march to Salerno. The General had retained the bands of two of the regiments which had laid down their arms at Monteleone, and nothing could be more ridicu- lous than the appearance presented by his tattered troops, headed by the smart band of the ancy of the King. ." W e Bhared s ome wine we had on "the mountain-side with the officers and men, and drank the health ofour Queen, the friend of Italy, and success to Gari-baldi, under the shade of a large vineyard. On enter-ing-the town (Salerno) we found it brilliantly illumi-right in affirming that C.avour's summons to Anto-nelli to dismiss the foreign mercenaries from thePapal army, was in contravention of the law of na-tions. Unquestionably, if law of nation^ is goodlaw, King Pius has .as good right to'hire foreigntroops for his defense as any other hing—a rightthat has never been questioned by those who accept'' Law of Nations " as, law. of rigbt. • King Piushis Austrians, Swiss, French, and Bavarians, areon exactly the same footing as King George III. •terswentto tase leave of his Majesty, the Spanish' distance a signal ieTmade that Garibaldi is approaching.you. is a solemn protest against any supposition of theone poor elderly man who, by virtue of his whiie beardj was taken for Garibstldi, and was slobbered so that I.thought he must have sunk under the operation; but the great man had gone round by another door, and so there was. a rush in all directions to intercept him. We drove round by a side street to the front of the Carmine, and thus, by a knowing dodge, we came in front Of the Dictator. There is no mistaking thatnated, and up to the very top of the mountain, every fy*. 5Pho fortnne of war has proved contrary to ns. The rockloss face; there is the grandeur and the'openness of na- cottage had its little lanterns peeping forth like crlim-M;.that body,"pror I "Emprror rtrfnn ^ " Gentlemei^ of Commerce.Ill publicly thspkk m receptionj;'* "Theunanhwe have rec-n -* ney deeply »& ' only merit Y**now approaching this neighborhood.Onthe other hand, both Sicily and the provinces of the. con-He was not in the carriage of the' French Min- the hope of casting off the despotism which had ister, though I believe it had been, placed at crowded the horrible prisons with untried victims, andde Vine' the enthusiasm of the people knew no bonnda j the earth. I ' was much struck with his calm self- and into midnight was tbis scene ^protracteoU The pcBseBsion and the extreme sweetness of his smile. crowds seemed drunk with the idea of liberty, and withYou,fcave perfcTmed a great work, not only for Italy, but for allhumanity, whose rights you have vindicated. ' Hurrah for lib"DEMARTlNO. spectacles to be witnesfed in the crowd—time weremembers of a legion of Amazons to the number of 200 who, dressed in the'Garibxldian uniform, had vowed to place themEelvea in front of the National Guard ana cf Garibaldi, in case the military had interfered.Naples:..••$jij$& —liiiaigfliJBaaiiiiiBi^iiilii^iiViirftiiiiiiyiaaai^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 