 '1Jbom Irsthands are limited to small lots. Candles aaite.02le.; KIo Cofiee UHc Other kinds inactive.Second—The Government of A'enezuela will in- demnify Spanish subjects for all damages sustained by them, and hereafter the authorities. Constitutional and Federal, having the right, will inquire into those claims.The grand torch-light procession of the Anti- to John B. Haskim, of Lincoln men takes place to-night There is promise';eachpatriotic songs.The Fusion Praceaelen To-Nlght..*dl. X.;r-NO. 2836.NEW-YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1869.SXfe^ TWO GBtlTB..-^OBeRTANr FROM THE PACIFIC.iUfcilonger .^'aMad- [Suppressed,.flMVa.1iws*r.Vi.nus,gardtheConstitntioaelARRIVAL OF THE OVERLAND EXPRESS.to the submission offiring about oae hundred shots at them. Me«rs. to 1 he vote of tbe people, and. In speidung of thv-eele- Iboihlhedtfindn,Beetioi of U. S. Seittm for Oregon—A Se- pBblieu ni a Bovglu Ocmocrat.D. Buuocx Commander, from New-Orleans the I4th, for the offence, but as is usual, the Africans cently undertook sMother of their quiet excursions into compliance with a call from some one in the having theeountrv—thistteetothe coal bedsof theWeber proceededtoexnresshisviewsonthetarilfMMMWeofan '~ 'dstM to and inclading the 10th, and Oi^^ to the Ttb, anired bj «zpre«s ttls sfternoon.Ml newt readied San Franciseo, by tele-Oht^River. Thepartyftartedfromthisdty,upParley's andstronglytoadvocatetheproprietyof,toh,aadwhat "OMifeniiaSpanishthevoyage. IntheGulfofMexleo,theBimviUeex- perienced a severe N. E. gale, begtnnlng on the ISthsaidnot claim ttiem pubUdy^becanseif you do you will get yourselves into the meshes of the law,-~besidesof BnrfgiantParty Forty-at U o'clock on Sunday night, and was detained by the fog until daylight yesterday morning. The steamship Empire CUs, from Havana on the17th inst, also arrived at this port yesterday.When the Empire City left Havana a hurricane was expected, and the Admiral had issued orders to theevidence to convict Sefior discharged.Miktalvo,and he wascailon and park, thence down the Weber canon to its mouth, and home by way of Ogden. I'he result of the excursion seems to be a satlsliustlon that plenty of available coal exists fai that region, and only requires the capital and business tact to brliig It Into market in sufficient quantitlei to supply the wants of the people. About filly men have been employed for several wedn in opening a road to said coal beds fh>m this dty..He then took up the more prominent party tHaaaia- votved In the present contest The £epubueaa,AHtp. he represented as having hivariably given its si»nrt. to those great measures of political reform aad popu- lar exigency which were mo^ condnelvetottoMt- fare of the massestoral vote for and thna avert the ealaaltoos Liaaou,Sixbrtte fltaitkBliiaiuia.Light- shipXMSTAIL8 OF THE ATTACK. te. Joora, Hondky, Oct. 22.mqsteleetfoa took placepufkithataeOragn ^ inst, strongnortherly vrtnds,whichyour property." And thus the matter stands at pres- ent.Songs aad ^leeches followed, and from thelitdtea-and h*a had with 'i«B the M;la losal ftim. J.W.Nas- sea aad thick, ratny weather, the entire passage.youhave noptoofthat I have asingleAfricanAsamarket squatter's clala^ttie extent of MtHiooa tlons that were observable on the of to tfce aaadT^'~ Baaa^rialheavy The Cnlted States Screw-steamer Crusader, Lieut?part manjmjtu lading atitles here in Utah, while eonsiderable Improvements andiencCj it would be natural to infer that the oNMbg Tatioi, rejfliaea tfaM^«M alMled far the long#i '"It SipabBean, for the short Ilr. wpn* ia a Don-intarrentioaliyrfllliiia. iilITi flani nlwnir tn flm- -f XuThat-to the 30th ult, there had been at least 30,000 Afri- The BrcSdnii^ Democrats are endeavoring to cans, Including those taken to Key West and Nassau, aaaagatheBonglatltct, by aUegiiig that there is a landed on this island. There is scarcely a town ofhave Been made naoD the taaid, it wiB be seen that And now I have some statistics of tte Coolie Ttade this is rather a tichUsh subjectdid liot bank up until after midnight The CTists^n Bore numeioos u^ t: himself suggested the propriety of their "maUaga eerlalBly, eoant Bpeatka OUtaala Bepublk «Mi,JM^r«f wktM tktaik flie State may go for Mr.Wtbont a word on the VI lABozT.or any of^e t back to bis iodglnga. Thos <tatHlffamliitmeen them and the Republicans throogh-«BtttePa<dfle States, and that both parties will unite anttV&tertoelectafusionSenatorfromCalifornia. do their ItT. chairman of the Conference Jammas,conrersation between oBian, of t'Tfirf<ni,« bad complete possession of the train, aadfrom the screams of the women and children, he was Venezuela, it appears, had satisfactorily complied"Thiswasanewinvention—a that was politicalbabyled to believe that the whole party were butchered. Sauu, Oregon^ Tuesday, Oct. 2.Messrs. Baskk and Nishitu were elected to tlie UnitedStatesSenateto-day. Therewasacomplete fusion of the Douglas Democrats and Republicans.willweartogether. Ifhehavesufficienttacttomiss running afoul of their prejudices, and to appear not over-anxious to criminate proohets and great men, why we will most Ukely have peace at Salt Lake.born in 1854, and soon after was consigned to itsbachelor nurse, and was subsequently so muchmangled in Congress that even Juajge Docqlas,its putative father, could hardly recognize itsremains. Under the decision of the Supreme muddy condition of the streets, the contemplated rati- Court, to wliich the Dred Scott case had led, fifcatlonof the Republican nomination for the Third nothing had been left to the people in the Territones did not takeThe following was the vote;Bax£e 26, Nismitii 2".had no resortbut Abolition, for, unless that was done, the Slavefree over slave labor—they would say they adhered to will probably take place on Monday next.The greatest anxiety prevailed during the severalspitting, snarUng, cat-and-dog warfare, as in the daysof Eckels, Ceadlxbauoh and Sinclair. Federal offi- cers for Utah would do well to insert in their prayers—" Mormonballotiags, because on several previous ballots Bakek informed In my last letter, were forthwith furnishedaodNbbkithcamewithisonevoteofanelection. MiLLis'sStatics,CabsohVaixit,Oct. 10.The Pony Express, with St. Louis dispatches to the BmUeim, of Friday, Sept. 28, arrived here this morn- ing about 3 o'clock.SHIPPING AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.Sah F&ascisco, Wednesday, Oct. 10. Arrived, flth, bark Mont/trrana, Bordeaux. Sailed. 7th, sh^ Nonpareil, Falmouth, England; 9th, barkSUmwmrUTt Cape Town. Tradaooi^lnuesactive,andthemarketweak. Saleshim. Therenotbeinganythingofgreatermomenton the tapis here at this time. 1 translate and condense fromtheDianodelaMannaihelollowingparticulars, &c., of the demands made by the Spanish Minister upontheGovernmentofVenezuela. Hedemandedthe decision of the Court, and still they Identified them- selves with the party that desired the very doctrines which they (the Democrats) avowed. Mr. Covodk proceeded to argue that all the corruptions of the pres- ent Administration rest on its in regard to theO.V.A.Last evening several hundred people assembledat the rooms of Charter Oi^ Chapter, No. fc O. U. A.,ibill, with no offers for anthracite over $19. PtoriaiaDS quiet, and little changed; demand for i-tfc>«»i« butter tinner, with sales of 600 firkins, ataae.437J(c. A portion of the last steamer's import Is rannlated, and will lose largely for shippers; small;fancytills ar-pecuniarym terms of warmCmIeulogium,New-York, Mr. Adrai», of New-Jersey, and Joaa of a very Imposing display. Forming in the loweraaleaofBaconaslastnoted. InPorklittledoingJudgeeight divisions from the City Hall through Broadway,Fourteenth-street, Fifth-avenue, Tw enty-siitb-street.Madison-avenue, Tweiitv-lhird-street, Fourth-avenue, comment. 1 went, said Mr. Covode, to tlie Bank of the Bowery and Chatham-street, to the Park, where the Metropolis, where 1 knew Mr. WtsDEii. kept his it w ill be dismissed. If the evening is unpleasant the account, and, on inierrogating ttic clerk, was shown affair will be uostponed. The expenses of the the book in w liich tiic disliursniiciits to his order wen- pageant have been lar^re. and the indications are that made. There »a- A. i:. ; that i- ime "f the kind you Capl. ItvNDEBB will be compelled to bear thein all. want. There is S. L. : that is one of the kind vou He cctlainlv desei ves well (»f those whose cause he behalf'.•'500 fabls. Amob BuJiTKOs' Hams sold at auction at $13 30 ii 100 tts. Foreign Spirits are inactive, and Domestic tower ; Whisky 4Sc.®4rc>4c.; Pure Spirits 50c. Su- gars—Foreign raw dull ; No. I.Chinese nominal at 9c.;tions of the Administration, and the hieans it sought to insure its ascendancy.bywhichsmall sales of Crushed to the trade at 14c. The de- arrested and inert as though they had been gidlty of . BUUkd {<x Wlieat is scarcely as brisk. The last ad- ordinary crimes."cannon, on the Sth. The certain largeSociety"*''''=" '^"i * *=> dcieiiUed by men, un- 2,200that mniiey York BanK, just9"®J?i5'''ijder Gen. Bekeiozabal. SmaU bodies of troops wereand no man This will no affair as a trial of mulishthreeThat draft was obtained, but with onesOso cpUectcd at Guiinajuato. Leon, and Irapuato.S5S:??1'<SS n^n 'f T-""- ''^''"'- "here Uis original tece of <-000 men Lad .ouiud ;he forces of CoKua,Hall'sonlyfielng merely,Tepic and MazaUan. It wu. tliougkt lobe impossiblesi>eed.The Utah Cliief,in ISM. andert tlie testimony of Paibick La> iektt. an employe in the Phiiadcliihia Custoni-IIouse. who. with the whole- some fear of being sent to jail before his eyes, event-for theVice-Presidency.for Castillo, who was connu^.n.iir.g ,i;e in that region, to inake a .t;.u.! usaU.lt ing rapidly against him.brother and successor of the renowned Walker, witli a portion of his tribe, is on his biennial or trlemiial trading trip to the Navajoa triumphamong other things recaoltulat-re irt onarips uch Cdi"^ if.in theAxapeki,]1I I iI''and othersports,theHall was in of Congress, and that $1,000taken out in a draft ou a New-days after they had lost JudgeDiTEBESTING FROM CDBA.ago refused a bribe of sixty thousand dollars to winkOne cub was oaptnred, and the other with the mother was klUed.note that theperson who didArrival of the BleBvHle and Empire City-Great Increase af tfce Slave Trade— by the nephew of the notorious EdgihiaTfce Waaderer at Havana—CaeUe Sla- succeeded, as I am told, in persuading Seilor Don lo-some of the troopejom Camp Floyd to New-Mexico,Mr. CovosK went over the whole histor- of tlons between Mr. Bccbahah and Gov. WiandHavanaat4P.M.ofthe17thinst.,arrivedatthe beensecreteoy.werenotfound,andtherewasnotanym/'itssuggestloDi.Before leaTlaa Xtr. ImcandsaUheVaall vistttolb.Oeaai wonki be atformed Mr. YAaoai . thatrooms at taa ia'the e'^atac.cd I IMml wUtT^^I hour,Commanding BieKBilU leftJ. N,Mavfit,was at Havana when theBlihtof it"•*six months. I do at waada.bBtthe IFraaa Oar Owm Oeiiaapendaat. BfVAwa. TuesdaxrOctifi, 1860.MeetlaiA meeting of the National Union-Convention. ajrtiaat^.AM«miM«MUle4I ifllr. B^ICmb be iadncad to take the stump ous a state as it has been In during tikis present year. cattle in the market here. The total numbers em-,.of the meeting was to hear the report of tbe Obmmit- don was eattrtiy oa Oe pbhaswas held last, at eveningnot within the lastthe African Slave trade been in so a4ive and prosper- known, kidnapped, and they have all been sold likeX^barked in China have been of whom58,761, only49,730have been landed here—8,981 having been passed overthe sides of the vessel, having either died from disease,Speech of the Haa. Jaha Corade. mtee appointed to confer With Committees from theeither to the yice-PtasMeney.Certainlyde<^deyearsThorpe'sofHoteL corner ofBroadway and Eighth-street The principal business When alone wSk Mj. Y^tn, oarwith all the demands made by the Spanish -MinisterRoMLA, except the indemnification demanaed forSpanish subjects, for injuries inflicted upon them bytlie Federalist faction, and, with respect to tliat,Venezuela has sent a Minister Plenipotentiary, SeflorTeed, to Spain, with full power to makt; arrange- But If he run against a snag, instead of steeruig clearments, but the Spanish Minister, Scfior Romla, con-of it,whythere will be oldandin the ParkIds instructions asleft but to demand Ids passports, wliich, as you werewe shall seeastruingbeing positive,—First That tbe assassins of Spanish subjecki:LastMonday, Judges ^e^nikehpolicyadmission of Kansas, and descanted at length on theshould t)e delivered to tbe tribunals for trial, and ciallyill thiscity,andappointedthe terms forholdingNo. 187 Bowery, the occasion behig the anniversary venality for wluch, as he said, It has become so unen- of the Chapter. Sachem Lkvabs presided, and thathe punishment due to their crimes that if any had the UnitiMl States District Courts for the Territory as ;been set at liberty, as though they had been only followsvlably notorious.He went on to detail some of the private history ofaddress was delivered Joes C. Jacobs. It was bymmnly a strong appeal for' the Union, and elicitedDistrict at Great guilty of political offences, (in consequence of the Salt Lake City, Oct. 21) ; for the Second Judicial Dis-safe acciruchement of Her Majesty,) tliey should be again arrested and tried, aa though they bad t>een guilty of ordinary crimes.his own Investigating Committee, in the management loun applause. Speeches were also made by P. G. S.vices from England has checked the eagerness of buy- With regard to the second demand, the Venezuelan as colds, diarrhu-a, and slight attacks of cholera.ers, though quotations require no ctiang^The ship Hornet cleared yesterday for New -York inGovernment promises to indemnifv all those whoseclaims have been legally iiujuircd into and proved'oleman's line. Her principal cargo is 21 ,000 sack^ correctof wheat, 3,400 hides, 2,800 bales of nool, and JOO ings, ihey holdsugarofClatCTestiDg fr«m Mexico.— VOTSXXSIS or IBS BELLIGEBEXTS BUHOKEDor CHCBCH FBOPEBTT TO ECANDOX. ^„l the NeW'Orleans Picayune^ Oct. 15.The oduMHier Carrie Saniford, Capt. Haggett, arrived at this port this morning from Tampico, the AitiBft. Sheleft]InportthebrigtTahumStetson, Ck0t. OurBAJii, to sail for New-Orleans on the Hth. A Mexican bark, name unknown, was also soon to aall far this port.The military news from the interior principally concerns the siege of Guadalajara, agamst whichall the available forces of the Liberal army w ere lieing brought up. Gen. i>ou.A90 left Queretaro on the lEt with 5,700 men fM 24 pieces of artiUtry. for the same destination, and Gen. Oetioa, with 7,000;but sustained from feel- any damages partylof quicksilver.any more than tliey cuuld be for injury sustained bynueu., Mr.citymen and 30peedy fall of the city before so*'2SP' y*^ '^'^y expected when the schooner left.The liead-quarters gf the anny continued still atprevious thought, prevailedII[jI •j1 'EuropeWhat more Spain can desire Iimagine, and should 'jhe make war against Venezuela,and it can only be with the hope •>f reconquering some a number of portion of her lost possessions in this hemisphere,week the " Pfrenlwill follow suit in theafter,two instances, the secondlaughing allusion to the first, did I ever, either jocose-of his mention of the parties present on the first occasion, with a sim- ple statement of what I then said, out of which it haswhich would seem to be the fact from the course of conduct she is pursuing towards St. Domingo.Onthelst inst, on the high road betweeh San Giland Carabuzal. near Villa Clain. the body of a respect-able man, Don Rafael Slahe."), was found. youngHe had been assassinated. At the last advices tbe as-city.;tliat a they resided together in Washington, at most only pointed outway bysassin had not been discovered.The dead body of a man was found on the 13th Inst.doubt be a v eryexcitingpresence The mere:That the assassins ofHxHNiKER and son and Marshal Geice, start- ed on Tuesday for Carson Valley.The heat of ,\ugust seems to have returned upon us for the past week, and the people begin to grumble, ;l^ grumble they will, about the weather, that the high temperature is hiducing considerable sickness, suchBut exvelleiit weather it andripening is, aiioliterweek or two of It will secure tlie bulk of ourcane and other late crops, tlie cane being rather bark- wardtills season.ery starting pil- Hon. W. H. IIoopee la has as far a^ possible sbomi her desire to have accompanies iheiu to the States, on his remm towant. "But wliat •hn- ^. L'.' me;iuserves for liie eltorts which he has put forth inpotentiary, tion.toarrangethe matters in dispute in ques-editor like yourselfcould be led so far as to astraytheyWSefiorToeohadembarkedforserious color to a rumor which, on a little inves- have grown out of some playful words of mine at a privatedinner party.Although the remarks I made sprang out of the mo-cannot be considered liable for,he iii pron.otiiis ilie cause of the party and ofa bre, epidemic or eartli^uake. as it is generally ad-The Mormon missionaries seem to hare been v'mitted, That foreigners suffering from inttrnal com-this week, fixing up, and grimage among the Gentiles.on theirmotions are calamities for whicli the Government caimot be held responsible." It is added that Venezue-busythat h;id been and was told it w as paid to money paid,We have beento the following requested publishmatters arranged in a pacific manner by her having sent Sefior FxEM IN Toko to Spain, as Mtaister Pleni-Washington.til within a few days of the adjournment that Con- gress passed tiie ai»"propri:aion I'or itie Committee'.* exiMLise-. he (Mr. C.) look $60 out of his own pocket,SiB; 1 am surprised that an earnest and sagaciouson7thult. The Spani^'h Mi.'Uf'ter, Rshes, had recommended Spanish subjects in Venezuela to the protection of the French Minister, but the Venezuelan Government had issued a circular addressed to all citizens and au-"thoritics recommending that all the subjects ofSpain should be protected and all their rights with safetv of pers*»n and property be carefully respected.'',_ ^Rio Macon in a cloth, and tied in a sort of strawused to fruit to the city on horseback. conveyly chanceshamperNo doubt he had met with foul play.sale to the rich capitalist, EcAxiiOK, of a miiiion dol-lars church property for $300,000, of which la?t^*i2ii,-000 only was to be ready money, and the rest in uid door l,u.i,i,v«. Thpre is not consequently any change newly-settledBetweenGen. JoHR Co>MNGHAM, Charleston,and VdrOless bonds. A immber of other sclleme^ are talked of, among them a forced loan on some forty ofevery kind sown or planted have been raised the pres- the case of tlic present editor of the Govern- posing spheres, citinposea the partv.which mill probably be ulti- mately adopted, unless they come forward with vol-ent season In the above-named as indeed in ment oreau at Washington, the Constitution, The conversation and speeches naturallyvalley,theuntary loans.oftheTerritory. Oatsareleadingcapitalists,Having hid ihis pleasure but yesterday per Em- most partsatadol- wheat at a dollar and a quarter to a dol-'"' ^"!'' f'"TM ilie this arrival we have also the proclamation of elapsed,you will notlar a bushel lar and a half.ByGen. Deoollado tn reference to the seizure of thebriel period that has since then„r, this occasion anticipate re-i,-,.E;ihy or interesting communl- for the Bruin raceAir. fJEO. ^' B\sEH, the nephew, by marriage, the minority, imd histanced that at Cincinnati, 'nlength,virginValley. Splendid cropsofand several others ofMr. AlbebtIt ''IS .-aii:e.| almost incessantly ni^t ami day allsoil ui the 1 otes"> v.eik. a to all out-«ai(^h. of course, has put stopU:, iLaiki-tv toreport.Havaua, Wednesday. Oct 17, I860.ofwhich The -Adiuiuistration had lent itself, instanced PiKi, of Arkansas,equallyop-ceiving ciih.r a 1 rryI of Zacatecas and Guanajuato. He boldly avows ration. I have in the discuarRc of my duty as your the mountains,"iconductaof $1,120,000, bound hither from thein the Philadelphia Custom-house with a salary ofam quite at a loss towhicliw iliing that all I said on.,.,,hJTn with and myself, Mr. Yascet. These,at the tionunderhiscommand.that guideaccompanied «d,hiswas Mr. Vax Dtkx.nolandhigofAfricans was brought to this IslandThat of cargoFro^ ruiining deliver us S"againstsnags, good Lord i Cbosbt met offi-:of aservices werecargoAfricans in theMr.DAicni.W.Jroae,whoasareturned on the lOB with Stctbbk B. Mooai. On thewho return trip they were attacked one some night byUpon the owners of the Afrlcaas going to that tlemen to claim their property, he set up a demand for two hundred and fifty of the choice ofihe cargo as a recompense for the imprisonment he had endured and the extra risk he had run. This demand being con-II"ready Well, then,"consequences that woold surely befal the country Ifto meet itsidered exbrbttautt was refused.fleet to beTheweatherhasbeennnnstiallytempestuousduring SeAorM., Ishallkeeptliewholecargo,—youdare"tosendjon. Up to 30th ult there had arrived one hnndnd aad thirty-three vessels with "Aaiaticos Free Colanlits," as our Spanish Mend^^IRm them, bat which to my view is a title of derision, for the great majority of ttie poor Chinese have been, as is well''-tovery pretty quarrel, a very interestingFor the Third Judicialtrict at Genoa, Carson Valley, Nov. 19First Judicial District at Provo, March 17term to continue four weeks, if the business re- quire it.of which he took care that no Republican should besummoned as a wimcss, lest that fact might be madeuse of for He it electioneering purposes. gave veryclearly to be inferred that the defection oi half of the ;a! Anti-Lecompton Democrats vas brought about byLucas and Brother Gilmobi. The Union Glee ClubsangThe Desrret News does not seem torangement, and puts several queries as to its legality,bribes. Bywayofeicepdonhereferred,tlie arrivals the present week arechandise train of Hoopkr and £u>Bii><>E, and the sec- ond and last company, this season, of the Mormon hand-cart emigrants. It must require considerable ".Amongthe mer-for old and;yotmg,dren to venttire on and accomplish so wearying a pil-grimage with the slender stock of comfort, or even necessaries, connected with the hand-cart fixings.To-day commences the Utah Cotmtv Annual Agri- cultural and Mechanical Exhibition or Fair, and nextwaspluck"for, but hesitated'these Fairs aresame in this clt?' conoluding with a mule race, tlieDescrct Store'' yiIn comiectiuu withThe railway between Matanxas and Guinea wa« In-caused a temporary leuef of Uie capital. 1h ti„. uieari augurated on Sunday. Although the weather was country. When Arapekl is at home he is in San Pete ually adndttcd that he had issued two or three thous- of the whole story.Thla vigorous campaiRn upun Gua.lalaiarj hadall grown, will be a sufficient gauge to the absurdityUme the most vigorous efforts coi.tiiiutd loiUu mai'p for ptrttihg the city inastateof defence, "''hi t-i;,\.my, however, was exhausted«<nmts It was said a negotiation was on foot lur Uu- pn-em on the occasion.and fraudnlcnt iiaturallzailon tickets; that abouta.OOfl. accordineto his belief were ls.sued in allD. HoovxBa head of oats wliich was two feet tliree inches in Irishman makhig. in that way, two or three thousand aiooz. On his left, Col. J. W. Forket,very unfavorable.His ElceUency the Captaln-Gene-where he lives in a primitive farming operations.andrcil.the Right Reverend the Bishop of this Diocese,;tl» of the ClvU Government ofValley, hishouse,superintendsthat Mr. BlCIlA^A^"a majority in Peimsjlvania was onlyThe Mr. J. gentlemen were, first, the generouf) host,HavanajiMllfr it on the ground that the iii<mey belonged to task of spea',ilng in terms of ui-;,r„,,c. of various Lieu- Many rumors have been current of two or three bears for the Government. Mr. Vah Dtcx, the Dlstrict- Uie 1._St, assumes tlie responsihAity, and attempts tocorrespondent hiti„.rto had theunpleasanttoprowlingwhathe conducted cases in Courtm'."""''!);-^?'';,']k»«lfltallBts eralouuehadneedofit.aroundvlchiityof?•';<>The fritma,ofTampico,of the Party, ana the Lib- tenant Governors of several UeactlonaryIn theof our butcher'sJhatlfe 'majr.riiy.«<'»"<"'-^'>'J?"" u aUo *the, . states that the Minister ofpleasureshopssfae bear and two onhs astonished the na-was to prosecute suits against the Govermnent.tm TreBsarr In the Juarez Cabinet, Sr.^GAEAT, pleasant jawardiiiR uii,|uaiified praise to two ago. AiLaiighter.fInstead ofdismissing him mstaiitly, asP«V9i«c"eS-?P,r!e;s5iddienntt: ThJaSt the.then It„,I have now theofthe Ishind. pi^rformiag a far morewhich one gracedauthortzeStkehonorto act, would acknowlelgmentln '56 ol this'7' ^!'?J"„ Vj^ejurisdiciions into that the say;tliis horse-racingmule to be declaredtheestto be permitted to jockey his own mule.s.ov^winner,vote. namesoerasedthatitcouldnotberead. Thespeak-made allusion to the enormous amounts ofer moneythat had been :ippropnated by the Democracy, to gainInor fcrlously, speak in Hbr. Y'ahoit'satime, the Thursday before the Baltimore 'J,fOO, and ilurefore that Mr. Bccuaxam's election was Convention. On his -right, Vice-President Baicxra- knew whither to turn for the money. Ai la-t ac v,.ij,„ s other officials, Generals and chielS were this Territory, I will state tliat I recently measured the result of these frauds. Think of a little bit of an of the Press.the recent levy had produced but a few thousand dollars, ai.d i,o .,i,o;;!*ccretSry Superiortbi<Mand, the Political Governor of this city, andAs aof theand was grown Inlittle Provoof someofspecimenfertilityportionsBear-feed must be scarce the present Summer inof Mr. BoCMAKAN. who had been appointed to a placevisit the denizens of the vallies more than usual.he did, Bai^ce s^d wa.; no ijuestion as to who was "bedutv—that of"Ttod redgo^d. Wit does not assign any reason thftEfor. the Lieutenant-Governor of Jamcr, who j short time tives In a settlement In Piovo Valley a short time ago. Mr. BvQOiais should have done, it was singular to minority again to indicateThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Harrypay again,placePower was supreme. II we stuck Democratic men to last evening. Posters were conspicuously placed the question really in controversy—the supremacy of throughout the District aimouncing that the meeting;and for thejurisdic-SoasniysandMooaaannntedtwoofthefrmulesbAre- bratcdletterofthePresidenttotheGovernor,la, 'Tiadar:«ad'h|il_ Uatica—ParUealara eftbe KaptareBe- cargotobelandedonhis backedandputoir,leavingtheir assailantsInposses- whichtheformerdeclaredthattheConrtimttimnnst TIMikeiiitannltween 8pa»n aad Tenaaaela. estate, near Cardenas—Mihtalvo to receive fifty sion of their wagoa, t»gguge, other mules, harness, be submitted to the people, he took occasion to a< ;u>nMiiro"' picked Africans for the favor. After the cargo was and $900 worth of |QOdB. the President of perfidy, and with having saaed TcnUoTT' The United States Hail stelmship Bienville, 3. landed Mmtalvo was arrested and placed in prison The Mormon Presidents and a number of others re- an outrage on popular rights. The speaket thMbla Uthea^HAcioMiFTALvotoallowthegen-victims of unholy lusts for gain. More than one American officer of ships that have brought Chineseto this Island, have admitted that the trade Is inof Its features even worse than the African Slave- trade, and what renders it peculiarly censurable, isA multitude of protests and appeals rose againstairty miles beyond Miller^ Station being about ready ing slave-traders, told a friend of mine, two or three ness, during which they commit suicide. These Chi- Jksse Fosda as member of the State Assembly from Mr. BoeAaBBB made a personal explanation at some Cambria IMS miand San Francisco was Inaugurated, and Was the occasion of a general Jolllfieation at Los An-steamshipGrenada will arrive thereshortlyl4»Angelesfrom the coast of Africa with a cargo of Afri-The line is to be continued fartner £ast on the BntterfcM route as &r as the Company are able.Rfsolved.Thatwepledgeourselvestosupportour TheChairmanruledthemotionoutoforder,amid Beaver Dli —jnlarcandidates for every office especially if they are great confnsion. Somebody moved to adjourn sine Bedford aiuTte Flaoervtlle and Salt Lake line is also progress- Mt eastward ftvn Carson Valley, another stretch ofyou,BlairBtadtOrd.Becks taaBnfler. sort UM1m Me. Both ttnes anticipate comiectlon with thestill, nese make excellent bouse servants, but are not, gen-lengtta, protesting that he and all the other candidatesJg^iam oatks Ml^ in honor of Gaaiaixni's entranceMolbvies.Vke Bipderick will, after a long contest to proveX • fntgary, has been finally admitted to probate.The Overland Hail arrived at Zreka, North- Oregondoubt, go to the coast of Africa when she doee s^. It wffl was understood about a since that she would they notendureCrawtbrd 2M(Mr. H. Soamsa had just arrived attnat place withHuntingdonIndiana UBSWfm <f the massacre ^cannot bediscovered,scarcelyanswer toInjured byMr. Bo-the Snake Indians, of an en- tbe emigrant train, conslsttng of 46 persons, 19 ofThe Bienville's mails close in ten minutes an must conclude. The storm still continue'. No change in markets.Now, as working men, what interest had they in sus- taining a General Government unless it promoted the general good? They had no local interests to sub- serve by it, for they were secure in their homes, tteir schools,' tiielr local Instltntlons of beneficence,that he Ibr one hadto do4rbom ware men, flie balance women and children.party first attacked about fifty miles on The wendoubtHis Excellency, the Captain-General, is using hisMr. BoflAXDUB rose again and excitedly protested that he had not intended to reflect on the Chairmaiu He said that be had not endeavored to make capital^ In the Democratic Tolunteers, but alleged that Mr. I<Lon had in that body suKXirted one who was not atta west sideof Salmon Falls on the Mh of Septem-lac Thisatiaeklastedaboutonehour. TheIndianslliy wlflidrew, and allowed the train to proceed fivelAllB. Then they again attacked them. The Agkt have not endeavored to prevent such landing. Thefarms and In their cities. Whv then should they countenance or attempt to Justify a GovernmentIjcomiog 9660Italed two d^p aad one night. On tte afternoon of flMMkt tte Indians had possession of the wholebut the Chair did not hear the second, and a aoeae ofthe wlldeat coDfusloo ensued. Mottoasto adjoom— Morthamnand .J603wi& (he exception of six men, who, being^Dtqited, escaped. After traveling through the In the numerous Islands in themotion with a score of and wonadi, protests asmaayfaliwoods for nine days these six were again at- Africans aremany very frequently, and by so many different parties, that the few females that have been brought to this Island.Mr. Halsit moved that the Conventionthe nomination of a Judge of the Superior Courttocans; and, I would not forof a union similar to ours of theWard.proceedalthough pledge myself the truth of the report, yet I have heard it repeated sosityEighteenthknown to have beenwhere the authoritiesWhy tolerate mnrderen aad ballot-party.sued.A motion to adjourn ot Friday evening was made,landed,late Lieut-Governor of Sagua la Grande, I believe, is at this time on trial before a Court Martial for such an offence.?box stuffera such as Geo. W. Clakk and Jobs Cal-«4aa6 i6M Monteor ygThe slave-traders have vuious deposits for Africansrose in a perfect bedlam of sounds, aadfiin'soma ttaiebroughtto thisa few at acity,East, last Saturday, at midnight The Judge came andlength,Somerset .,3187Snvderas I have heard It One Out of the nearly fifty thousand that have arrived here, but fiily-two have been females, and the result of thisknown to be interested in the welfare of the classes.laboringdie.themotion,whichonbeingputwerelost Themo- tion of Mr. HaiaiT was revived, and now by the chairman decided laorder.Berks OH 74UI feel boimd to send it toperson,whocomesfromtheStateofMaine,andwho isIs known to be intimately connected with certain lead- commit unmentionable crimes which produces mad-MOO 3743evenmgs ago, that she would be here very soon,—I itmaynot betrue: repeatyetyouof one man—F. A. Tal-power. Indeed, what I hear Ward Rail-splitters" entered the room, preceded by a uiADex. Becausehe had received the nomination of Clearfield lutCsntlBental lines recently authorised by Con-iKe Itallaas of San Francisco held a grand cele- anchor in this harbor many months. She will, beyond bargains of Coolies.-gkiathave heard it.That notorious schooner, the Wanderer, has been atlalmrs. Theyaregenerallytooslim,andpossesstoo in the course of which "the little muscular from address,Eighteenthpose of tbeaggrandizementClarion... (32 vm CUnton me 17i»fortnightclear for St Thomas and Loango ; but thatnearly so, to find out who is tbe murderer, for when cleared eight or ten days since for Savannah. How- asked it" There wasthey always say, "JVealldidever, I saw her at her anchorage in this harbor two or a murder committed at Rejlu by some coolies belong-tions, suggested that the gentleman should not tiaov DaapUn ssn stones whne he lived in a house. Mr. B., he Delaware 3091being rep- resented as bearing too audacious an appearance, sherevenge.They hesitate not to murder the man whoinfollowed by Hon. Joaa Covosi, who was Introdued as the author of the " Life and Timesof Jas. Buouahah." Mr. Covoci said th^t he had come to New-Y^ork in'^oKTaliftmia, yeatnday, bringing dates from Vancou- three evenings ago. The commander of the U. S. ing to the Railway Company more than twelve W,atownontheColumbiaRiver,tothe3dinst steamerCrusader,Ifancy,isknowntobetoocloseto monthsago,yet,beyondthetemporaryimprlsonmeatcharge.Hewasnotatalkingman,butaworkingman,[ap- aboutthecallingofthismeeting,exceptingtheChafr- Greeneplause,] and, as such, had made the discovery that man of the Conference Committee, Btr. Juniuias, this Administration of ours was rotten to the core. who told him )^ Committee was ready to report.thi^ Island for the Wanderer to make her of the lot, no punishment has been inmcted on any of safely exit, them, because, I suppose, the individual murderer786 166* 3364 in*and therefore she prudently remains in port biding hertimetoslipoutimnoticed. Thatshewillattempt1071 anto the coast of Africa there is not a shadow togo ofaIIavowing with any selling outnothingBahamas,Island,whence theinJudgeCrosbt arrived in thisfrom theand next, of being made up of men who obtain- cient to obtain order. At when order was tn SchuylkiU Amtime, every portthat the poor wretches (the males) are driven to[The resolutions that followed Indorsed the nomi- nations of Abbahah WAxaHA? for Congress, and ofthe Fourteenth District.)IsendItto asI erallyspeaking,sowellad^tedforhardagricultural Mr.SaiTn,theChairman,deliveredabriefprefatory ontheticketwereabouttol>esoldout, forthepur-Ceanitkjoea. MR aiM Chester BOSSamong the planters, many of them are sick of their llie Chinese are not so submissive as the Africans";corps of drummers, and were received by a burst of cheers.Mozart for Judge of the Superior Oourt, the rest of the Union ticket was to be sacrificed.Colmnbla UKcruel treatment without seeUngthey consider has maltreated them, and it is impossible, orglasssaid, had gone to the Committee of seven ot theDemocratic Voitmteers, to induce them to urge hisand it wouldgarrotte the whole gang, forty or fifty In number.Mr. Van Waoxu felt himselfeAXDCS' remarks, and also indulged in a personal ex-JelhnonJuniata 1333 Lanca*ter 7602 Lawrence I36I Lebanon 3tH LOith 3613 Loseme 6071FRon UTAH.Haldlng tbe Caarta—Hat Weatbcr Asala free Territory—AgrlealtBnt] aad Mecbaalcal Fair—Itlla-ceilaneona News. Correspondence of ike New^York Times,GaiAT Salt Laki Cut, Friday, Sept 28, 1860.The Venezuelan Government replied within the piomislng to publish professional opinions of mem- Hickma:^, of Pennsylvania. He next charged the Ad- part of the City, the procession, at a signal to beperiod fixed the Spanish Minister, (twenty-four by "hours,) to the first demandSpanis-h subjects who had not l>een arrested, would be pursued until apprehended, and then be delivered to the tribunals for trial ; and if any of the assassin? had been inadvertently liberated, as though thev hdd been guiiiy merely of political oflences, they will be againbers of the Bar on the sutjjectministration with having connived a( the election frauds in Kansas, and again referred to ihe corrup-given by"theEmpirePocket-Plece," will march inmen, women and chil-Hai.l lasttiewenttoMr.CovoBi,andgaveupatonce. Hesellingiiiii .Liij m!im^!m9t^s^BV'.mi'l-l 1.M^.«P!Hi!^!!nMH>|p||Surveyor-general FLAMiABaH baa racentljr been ag-itating, in the M<aau» awwinMijtm, the ioTalidlty of the election were sent Into the House of Repiaaenta- theMormonsurveysInthetaaMuettetaadaattle- tivea.ments. TheMonaons look rather aoarat tUa aove-ment of the General's, aaa tUik there Is no use in ag-itating the subject till OdtertnacBt bflngsthe land intoBtaiAas aad Faof the day. — ffUhteichsadbeeneoaaideiiBgMr. Wendell was made the subject o( particular••0!i,''v\as ihe answer, "it means th;it Ihe money is !0 of the demonstration to-mglit.spent!h.' counlrv." iLau^htcr.l This Mr.C. continued to say. had (laid t5.000 for Kansas in -April.1S3S. lie(Mr.C.)askedoftheclerktowhomUea. N. Sanders, Itlr. Ifancey, and the Vice- Presidency.a Mr. Beak, a clerk then and now in the House, andthe editor of a newspaper in Ohio. A.sitwas not un- communicationsent Uie off.cer to Oluo to Mr. Bkam be- bringandfore the Coiniuiitee. Mr. UiAK, however, had givesomething imi'i'riaiit to do with Judge tigation on your part, would have proved toout what the money:; editorlie came on. Hewas asked to answer. At"IIf I must give testimony it will ruin mesaidhave a wife home,and children at andment,withoutDf inmraiicC.) admitted that he had some feeling for the man onacooiiiit of his wiio and children, but the resultof it was that the Committee found thatMr. Beav and Judge Hall were from the same district go to the public. Myof ain Ohiow hile JuiJgenewspaper. [Laughter.](Mr.had beenPresidency saved.[Laughter.]Blr. Covode. in further illustration of tae abuses to:am theHeres- rail- around the table, I amquite shall though casually spoken, which the Vice- lould be w on and the Democratic Partyturned to- who lielii a clerkship in the New-York Cus- wards tlie approaching Convention. Being called on loiiiliousc, in which he performed no other in turn, I obsen ed, referring to the Vice-Presidencyt,o labor than the drawing of his salary: and that of that Democratic usage gave the Vice-Presidenttnedemanded and obtauiert tlic ii"rama- DoueIss narly aMertioii of Major BBECKtsaiDCE as Vice-llvsid1cn'l»,' have come down $100 a mouth for doing nothing. When asked as 4o thev had birn beaten on the PresldcHcTv. '"/^,r"Jthis one of Aitorney, was sent for, and testified that Mr. Baeie signally pointed out Mr. Yamet;city,hia week or had never appeared Court but once or twice, andUntitled Documentand, inbesought of the De<^ of New-York to cast their alt»-.The Chairman of the meeting, Mr. Johh Llots,The next speaker was Mr. £. F. Shxpaxs, who was feeling himself touched by tbe gentleman's insinua- Cmnkerla&d amcompliance had therequestof such affairs as this in;that suhject which no other candidate had evinced.Fulton710 8n 836 37 30 135with the managementof the Cotnmittee who claims for a nomlaatipnhad exhibited an on anxietybest endeavofs to put an end to this infamous traffic,discharging from their offices, the Lieutenant-Gover-nors of those jurisdictions in wMch Africans are Tbe Arrtral af Jadfe Creeby — Times for which attempted to force a slave Constitution on a memtier of his own A general dlscaaslon en- WIBIn ISI2....1336 Sullivan 334 atape aae^ed by hiding in the bushes. After travel- Cuba, and these buzales (as the new Africans are by the mall carriage as far as Echo Cailon, where it pedestal, and Joux C. Caluodn had been enthroned remarks, that he was ashamed to sit in such a Conven- Susquehanna .3807iMhed,partytradingJacksokthe.floor, and vehemently asserted. In the course, of bisand five of thekilled. Scanaia themany coastingvesselstoinhad been dethroned from the Democraticm their stead. Not only was the old wine all because candidate the Convention had IMOhi( aevfen days without food, he was found in an ex.termed) all having the papers requisite for them to isreportedthe mail drivermanagedsomehow to gone, get but the hoops, the head and the staves were alltion, every Tioga^"^**°f condition by some persons who took him ta- possess, and having been taught a few words of Span- half seas over, and so far quarrelsome as to delay the f.ianeed. Notluiip was left of tills old Democratic his voice was drowned by hisses, shouts, calls for the Venango 2622 -ish, it is difficult to detect them from .\fricans landed ttaiStfles. Of the nineteen males in the party, six a "longtime ago."?»any but the Custom-house certificate. [Laughter.] and the floor,of the Chairman's Warren 113»paiii discharged soldiers from Fort HalL Mr. Schei->aa is the only one who escaped. He says that the broughtreluctantlydx mep who left on horseback, did not leave until theploye. Judgetested that;representativesecond storm of motions for adjournment burst forth. Several were lost, but at length perseverance was crowned with success, and the Convention adjournedThere are still a goodly number of Yucatan Indiansfatally.down,in the chiefly fishing51-U1S3Sto this island,Don Frascisco Murtt, who, I believe, is almost the sole person in this city engaged in that trade.as the Constitution, and the hi.story of Congress at-mail, and stab an emigrant, wounding him severely,gavel .3745Thesmacks of company with Mr. G. W. Mters, a mail station em- iiowcr td Congress over the Territories was as old did.Wayne 1609 Westmoreland .3308but notdoctrine of Popular Sovereignty. But the ed the Chairman to sit plausible byJudgecompleted hisjourneyinwhich heMr. Halskt'b motion was now withdrawn, and a York....in their600 Ml Monroe M*;conclusion, einnlHlliie^Atthedloseofhishours,) Mr. Coroax was loudly cheered.two'CITY POLITICS.Meeting of the ElgliteAith 'Ward Re- pabUcana.Tammanyand Mozart Conventions, with a view toA meeting of the workingman of the ESghteenth the harmoalous action of the three bodies, and also to port, vrtth the intention of ta^oilw Ib.lanysizeinCubainwhichthereisnotajoln^stockortheover-dosingthemselveswithopium,orhavingWard,whosympathizewiththeRepublieanPartynominateaJudgefortbeSuperiorCourtMr.W.lltlealty,oatofthefiagawntaiyvo'diofa<African Slave Trade Company, and although the chief slave traders are very well known to tis In this city, yet so cuiiningly they manage affairs that youldbeen killed, in fights among themselves, or in vain at- tempts to obtain their freedom by taking possession of the ships in which they were passengers. The ave-and concur In Itswas held lastConimittee,wanIn comer of Second-avenue and< leadiifg speaker would be Hon. Joair Covoni, con- Mr. SniTH moved to reconsider so much of the have given loeh wUe-naaad dfOrinba to Itributed, no doubt, to the crowded assemblage* by nombiatlons already made by the Convention as re- ular statement of the Vliilnlawhich the spacious hall was filled. lated to the office of City Judge. myexplanation,injostiea to Ht.ciety in your City, in Boston, Portland and In Europe. of the superior care taken by, and humanity At 8 o'clock the meeting was organized by the ap- As a substitute, Mr. Vah WAsma moved to with- fully, GBOBOK R. Sithe DemlltThe campalgp is progressing vigorously. The can- be a matter of great difficulty to convict any one of rage per centage of deaths from one or dther of these Twentjtthird-street The announcement that the mittees to confer with that from the Union body.cob-vas* ^iakias nth sh^e that the success of Mr. them, or any of their fellow-shareholders, In a Court of causes have been 15.11, whilst I am happy to state on MkonaBSB wowU secure Ifr. Gwni'a reflection to Justice. I have, however, heard the names of many board American vessels the average of deaths has1 trust tut tbe Ctmitr and oOervery much acainst of that ticket. Between Dooolas and as in this State the contest Is so close thatof these latter, who move in respectable circles of so- been(only 11.13. This latter fact speaks highly in favorflb Biaate, and this factoperatesmake even bets in large <» Um 8lh, telegiaphic cammunlcatlan betweenlonger BringtheseCliinesetoCuba,forthetradeasit hasadpted without dissentthey please.Mr. Vaxsixmol moved that the whole question bepostponed undl next Thiusday evening or the next!iilliiiii III txam iriOkont hesitatkin.:^llWIIiigI forbear sending you any of these names, l>ecause itwould be possibly a matter of some little difficulty tosustain a plea of justificatlea were an action forlibel brought in consequence of their publica- hitherto been carried on Is an infamous one, calcu- tion. It is commonly reported here that the lated to brutalize men's hearts, and render them thePeBBSTlTUite BleetiMi. TH> OmCIAL TOTK 00101X0—OVtSOfUCOBBtlW. AdamsAlleghany.Armstrong sntof the Captains of American ships who have brought these Coolies to this Island. Yet heartliy uo i rejoice that American vessels are no permitted topointment of E. Dilafhu) Snm as Chairman. draw the nominees of the Unlmi Convention alto- The subjoined preamble and resolutions were gether,leavingmembersofthepartyfree to vote asprinciples, Dispensary,that bofli the Mozart andreported ttons hadTammanyCooven-ingtheyenlbelr wWhereas, It is necessary for a union of the laboring classes to secure their rights, and, also, to secure freeIt, therefore. Resolved, That we recommend to our brother labor- ers of the Wards of the City of New-York the neces-of meeting.Each of these motions was dlsctissed at great lengthhomes to free and actual settlers be ;id^tand finally the motion last made was carried.eveningof widchcognixaatofita iwlfiiertwils;adjournedsine die withoutiq)paiBtingthis of lAat 1 poUic eqalaoationspeech,(wUchlastedfoBaof eon arebly had now Uglwr aaptoa,4of *to Matiaaal Caloa ewlaa.Caaaty OaM>We snnouaded!' by flleufla,He, (the Chairman.) had not consulted with anyoneForestplanatltm,HonK ? There was no other reason bat party ties.He would admit that an honest man might cnng to apartv after all Its preiitige bad gmM, but this admin-istration, be thought, was beyond %at, and be was ofopinion that it could be convicted under the statutesof this State—first of falsely personating another the exertions of the Chairman were entbely lasafli- Potterparty,ed office under fraudulent pretences. JxFmxsoR some measure restored, a Mr. MoCoxaiox ol)taiaedand Mr. Buchanan was theof a jiarty who held forth this doctrine in order that Slavery might have an opportunity to exclude freeCeosbt seems to take witii the Mormons tol-erably well. We shall see by and by how he and they men and tree labor from our Western Territories. until Saturday evening next.Totalsome siM dis, aad otbeia to partlcnlai evenings—eachPerry. ^ .9010 FUladdptaia 36ia» Pike _13»618 tMnominated had been one of its own members. Here Union 1363thunderingHow had Mr. Bituakan been elected? It was on tbe upon the table. The speajter was peremptorily order- Washington.The IVilliamaon Ratiflcadan Dteetlng Post- poned.leryOwingto theinclemencyof the and the weather,Congressional District,severalNiw-Yoei. Oct. 22, 1860. To t'le Editor of the Charleston Courier::and were only ponsive to the spirit of good-humored politicalresent contest DocoCasbaJ- '"'"^ '^hitT fVdtMeedns.the occasion and words,deailU.. .g»i,aaaaotaiju<f,toveet, sUndlngBMTia'B.MIregretthatanyYhri^BUsaBOsatenskodlao« step the line of social etblea as to aakeneeessaiyastutely mlsrepresentsd.1783iUk 317 4U 411Brie. 233t 1113 5613 ,Fayette at7(Franklin 3g« 4063SeReanMercer 2776ns.Maatfomery..,Northampton 3117Wyoming 7 -] www.fultonhistory.com 