 .h/mi.ut iimmlui.ii /vf « fci.-f 4-..11^e 7houvbtimj.ul^ofuh04xtfullof8vwptttby-wlth.»J»etJ withoutwaitingtoseewh«tistofollow,theIcoolness,dignityanddete^ination,and>uch.^WfIn i /where instantly seized; upon Tluz Constitution.'« article upon the country the worst disaster that can possibly have done, doubtless, hut for that journal's so promptfirst apr-crtair.ing what V irgir.ni.Hunks on tbe snlwect f It will not answer to say that South Carolina, as a sovereign State, has a right to do as slie pJease»,witboiit waitingfororcaringforthecourseofotherStates. Throwing aside the question of constitutionalright to'•~Afl '•.|...lm1,iji!lii|)iWii.il«u.jiiliuiniMui<j»ii_^——___S « ^ ^ S ^ f f i 3 : ^ i a B S 5 5 ^ ^iConsei^-ativo Kentimenta generally prevailed. The resolutions, a s announced, were adopted.• • AUGUST A, Saturday; Nov. 10—9 p. m . The secessionists are holding a large and enthusiasticmeeting heie t o night.The Savannah resolutions have been unanimouslyremedy for the election of Abraham Liucolu i* immediate HC- cf ssit n. • • V. Tlisresolution wasreceived with loud and prolonged cheering.Kesolttd, That the thanks of the people of the South are dno to the brav*» and gnUant men of the North who attempted to roll back the tide of fanaticism at tbe recent, election.-The Mayor stated, that he had received informationestablished channels of commercial.intercourse', by too. Mason and Dixon's line there can be no such contest.a c'mtmrea sontn—Recesfion on account of the untoward result of a "PVretsidential elecrtmh! This\noils shall be opened onder the rales and regulations now gov- «ming the election of member* to the:GeneraJ Assembly of thisWe believe that day has come; we believe that man is'chosen who can be prevented from' accomplishinghour of heated exultation of a victory won, or of anger (Government'. •at defeat sustained, that Wecan look for,that, wisdomand coolness which alone can devise a successful ad- Yet; while we considerthe. continuation of the Black^cipation of the blacks, but for; the freedom of thewhites. T b e force of circumetancesj h e contended, e 4 n if h e eevdesired. - T h e Senate a n d the House of. _ Trow The JpvanJria (V a.) Gazette, Nov 10.If a " Uritcd South " was ever desirable and'necivr-saiy, for the interests of the South, it in now. andW*-''understood to be the consideration of this importantdocument. Itisa'noticeable fact that.-the.Presidentand Cabinet, are fearfnllv and alarmingly exercised at. avert, an'apparent necessity which threatened her thatthe present state of affairs in the South. The crisis is the man, who of all othera.haa been stigmatized as the and upon each individual citizen. . W e pray Heaven held yesterday. It would be idle now to speculate on upon us.. Are a majority of the people in. the Northerna .*»£»*S i»e«««*^are^onstakli^Wing; <5aIRrigon us1,Der8,to\the Ckmve^p; In^or^orn Alabama, the nanceno .man in the sheddingof abrother's blood. iawfullvelected,shallenterutponthe officeISP"-pn ww«8«>«rho5called? Orisitourx^iytouphold f hoiscaiiedi m®&?^^supporthimnnderit,inaftk^Vthings7Asinthehighto^partymadncrBatOuySput»noman 1w» believe will h<+ the calls of thed..> In the opening pi the Legislative Skri representated in th unanimity, honest jwhich shonld tr,w charged, with our d I>ct t h e General but notrashly,'<j party"feeling, aT< action of other St;t( position a n d dutysacrifice of ewentwi They whohu- SouthCarolinawdof"Leaderinthecr< justinent of Fedes have erred as wif;e risively proclaimed or dare no resist:o:f under any provo^at of Providence point selected by the naa cannot a n d will honor, or only Of';.*i her that it ia one ofFrom Th'Above all, in a < r % country for allwith drcumspecf, •n withtbegreatestpc which titira the hi* resjKmeibiliriew a<e Tlie occasion dem.-vt we can.^bring t<-it we are constrained J*gB«eentxoomeniMe regard tot wmpTy desigred ,t« •GeorgiatocallaC tien of duty arifi 1^affeirs, arcordir g t at the polb,wee could be urged aga tbeKmrtBof Geori mittoherwill,!.;(Thi& Legislature -andebmmit tle S6wereelectedwrol and it is impossiU their consUtueutingSj which an; 8 sentiment as th< y Nothingranbe :n<.time when thi- rational action..« andrightfultest, ti^Ijegielaiuje orFrom l'.\*What shall h» times require tha; c o d a s we can be,with due dehheraj sion aa far as pore: not marked ani p interests, tbe>a federacy. The' %men, under ;be hot act either just toward their btvti.is of the very hig* we feel exaspeiat norshowanyhat Pre<ipitate ZUII'UJTI tion, threaten to \. our own selves: erance, to fireon] terness, a n d , int- separation from tl Southern Confedf perhaps serv ile w then be prud.etiLi lent. Andlett,h€ vention of the tot mine for theim-td deliberate determ of each one of itRFrom 7 Union is a v. rvcac have equal n •curse, and seo*-*si -ofthe South.Stop theflowQ 'keep it at hor:e North for health/finery—when yoi rich in patronL'inj ent on the Nor;; 1—nor do we need, any one tiling. A our cotton to E u' change, will give .end in giving the shipowners .an s„ j K e a m ^ y ^ ^ ? ^ ^ > ^ . jbEk^ed m eloquent species.A vote -wa»then taker, oy^cas and^ays, woen.the "KB calling for* Convention was unanimously passed, ike ,wlol«uwmber present (117) voting '* Yea."T*e Btato Senat^naet. at T »'cl£ck tb»evening,to ««H3der >he amendment* of the House to the bill call- fegaOonveutiorw Forty-one Senator*were present, «&d all of them voted in favor of the bill as amended;,liFrom The-iUamioris flipper, Nov A.****>ftwastrnnnhnowplypawed. ; ,. " «,It iseacreetcd tlat Georgia, Florda, Alabama, Texasotlth(assumed for its, destruction, no «nch r^,/<ft<,BSjty g ^ ipoet^m bly arise, without involving the >ersonal dishonor ofmen, who, whether in the halls.o^ Congress or on thein many cases, would only urge the North to u n S sectional action there; buturited a^ion for Cohstfoi#•JGov. Moore has not yet reached Montgomery,hot will undcuhtecly receSe from his first position, and call Tk£ Minute Men are alto out in great force, march- a Convention forthwith. No other com-se will satisfyden clec-S at least, in accordance with the forms of that The Conntilp'tion this morning takes occasion em-theCons tution:Itisfromthese andthesealone that t Sul'le is expected-but it is hardly posstble that their diSmion bluJterin^ will be.approved1 o r sanctioned b y the masfcs of the Southern people. ,• . .K £ » rt°y*y the rash andof single States, without consulting the wishes am?andMifciitsippiwillgowithSouthCarobna. Th«r;ewsoftheresignationofMr.ToombsasaSena- toroftheUirited StatesfromGeorgiaisbaledwithtte greatest enthafiasm here. . m ' •air* Simonton ofiered a resolution i n the Senate, that the Coven or fl>e re » e ted to raise 10;000 volunteers.This resolution will bocontid«red on Monday.This evening a great crowd have assembled in frontSoi'th havethreatenedtorefuse tosubmit tohis Admiiiktration. Tlie Hotspurs Wise^and Yancey^and^"o f the>Cdnga:ee Home, numbering over.2,000 men.•responsibilit^/for it brief article of the. day before, inmem, and feelings of other States? wTSeTC* 8 actually more cauge of complaint than th<*,c whicfttra that waewo,Vy generally construed to mean a n eamest "precipitatir^" their sister commonwealths r n Sing down the main streets and making a grand display ci fireworks.Judge 'Magrath a n d Messrs. Connor, Cokock, a n d Cnxuritgt am addressed the erowd in front of the Con- garee Home.Mr. Magrath said that h e hoped South Carolina -wctild not he in the van of h e r rister States. He was mot there to prove'to them the right to secede. She has.thetighttosecede. Thepeoplesayshehas,the Legislature ears she has, and Heaven will say she has the tight; and"iftheGovernment atWashhigton shouldsay ste las not the right, tben let the Government prevent by taking the light away. -Mr. CcTco<k said that although this w a s a large . crowd* he wished to see one more in it, and that wasthejeotle.MONTGOMKRY , Ala,, Saturday, Nov.'10,1S60.Mr. Tancey is speaking here this evening to a large and enthusiastic crowd of people, who have assembled at Efctell Hall. •MOBILK, Ala., Friday, Nov. 9, I860. A battalion of cavalry sa abont being organized, tobe ottered to the Governor of the State.GEORGIA.MACON, Saturday, Nov. 10, i860.The Legislature of Georgia-yesterday refused to fix a day for the election of a United States Senator to succeed Alfred Ivcrson, agreeingto postpone the ballot until the action of the State is determined.S Vivginia and Kentucky, and Tennessee and gUjWMi jnstificati;cn of the propriety of the secession of the trouble,- anef difficulty, and, it may UW&JSS1» f - Vnntiwt vnttbebet-«veen «mamte-Stateaction and 00- Mr. Mann's remarks were well received. contest v?fll he bet- «veen separateAbrahamLincoln. Hewould take himbythehand, AbillcallingaconventionofthepeoplewillpassinTienewly-electedPresidentandhisadvisers must, not"failtocomprehend,whenitsexcitement.,growing Carolina, and has her own-interests to lookand weare told they do, appreciate the madness of outcftierecent,defeatoftlieparty,coolsoffasthatit.jafter, herown ights to be secured, her owizstakingallthatourpast career hassecured, and all. maytakecommon-senseviewsoftheexigenciesofthe 'feelings to be rosepected—and she will de-and bring Lim to the platform, and tell i.im to look aponthatgreatcrowd,andthenaskhimifheeverex- pected t o wave his Presidential scepter over the heads'. of tLat' people. a Honest Abe," h e knew, with down- cast eyesi would answer " Never!"afewdays. '„,•, SenatorToombs,nowat Milledgeville,has avowed his intention to resign, to take effect on the 4th of nextMarch. IIis tenn does not expire till 1S65.The PetaKatory bill will come up in the House onthat.'our future promises, upon the single issue that has. been the batis of the Republican organization. They would be fools and madmen else. I n this hour o f theirtimes. mand this from South Carolina, just as Under the circumstances of its late defeat before the Tjineb as she would from any other State in tho present people, the Democratic, party will cease.to exist a s a United States. I t .would seem a s if in t h e ooorae notvCHARI-KSTOK, Saturday, Nov. 10,1860.A detachment of the "Washington and German artil- .'• JeryJaredasaluteto-iight'ihtrontofTheMercury<dhce> nEder the Palmetto flag, on the passage of theConvention hill. There is great enthusiasm. A l l a r eiorpromptaction.A CB£Ett?nX SERENADE.The Hon. Edmund Kuffin of Virginia was serenaded *» "Wednesday, a t Columbia, S , C , when h e spoke* 1x1.0w-Cinzxvs: I have thought and studied np-«n-Ibis qnc»4on for yeurs. It has been literally the , that two of our citizens had been notified to leave bytaxation to rni*e a million of dollars'to .arm and organize the mili- dees reim in alone, which I do not deem possible, it' is tary of the State. <n r full ctnvktion that you will be able to defend your- A further resolution was then adopted, condemning selves against any power. [Loud and prolonged ap- the action of the citizen's, meeting this afternoon, and plaore.J- declaring that -the. resolutions adopted b y that meetingelsewhere are operating evidently onFrom the .beginning to the end this has been a sec-tional contest. "The entire North, excepting perhapsthe States of New-Jersey and Delaware, has gone for labors to keep the unhappy feud that now exists be- the Black Republican candidates, while t h e entireSouth has east its strength against that ticket.Afier mut ic from tl>e band, the Hon. W . S- Mullins did not express the sense of the community.•aid he would not detain the audience long, for the . time tor woid* was uoue. H e eulogised JVLr. RuJKn, whoh;.d spoken woras.of wisdom and safety; that dis- tinguished citizen had ever been true to our cause, and, amid obloquy and discouragements, h a d never ceased tolabor; hetrusted,however,thatbishourof reward had come. I t had been said b y some great' men of the$*nth that we mutt not challenge fate a day too soon- Yesterday a herald was tent procbiiming w a r ; yester-meeting, arguing in favor of decided and immediate ac- tion by tbe people of the South.The most intense excitement prevails.. . AUGUSTA, NOV.'10—31 p.m.The meeting of the Minute Men has just adjourned.The speeches made • were v.eiy animating sind e x - citing, and elicited the most enthusiastic cheers.Whether he will attempt; to do anything, iu the. pres- ent excited and exasperated- sina- of the Southern people, is also ouestiohablo. It has been suggested that he might call'a convention of all the States, to meet a t some central point—say Independence Hall, Philadelphia—for th e purpose of calmly a n d delib- erately considering the momentous.question's and vital ist ue's involved. Jefferson, during-his. administration, suggestedaconventionofallthe-Statesforthepurpose of considering and discussing the question of dissolu-tion. I n a. multitude of counselors t here is wisdom.It is reported late this evening that the President, is preparing an able document,. in which he will urgeWe shall not now enter upon any argument to show what should or what will be the "measures which the people of the South will adopt to preserve their rights in the Union, or to secure Southern independence out of the Union. •'•',death. Peaceabt glorification ofwithout,protect ici rights, will:be •03 usbeprepared <3 can.oroutofi'a;F The Coveraorweek. Inspeatci; coln,hotok the \ ila«istmtei of t h M wire which"conthe intelh?cr.< e; stant should • ai" tbe LegL-latu ;e '*'now.iftheiev 41 pared to set • ut ** minute."The Selma { Covernor Moctt his late speech atwl He was oi ei .—he believed Al.ance, and it v<u» to submit to BLi''.-.'.•• &Mr. Lincohiis! nents.sheltered a is powerless for tl could n o t infract must prou-et the and, while wieitii defense, we must own preservaii u pr.bhcaniam h u t Yancey and Hht Linccln and kSJe\ tnay be neceSKu-ydilution against i lanceguardtheI and the CotisfitiA delegation of ten Minute Men was appointed to daythev'fiimgtbegageofbattleattheirfee!-;itre- attendtheMilitaryConventionwhichistobeheldnow engaged in considering the question of (sailing aState Convention: with t h e view o f adopting measuresfor seceding from the Union and. arming the State.OtherStateswill,doubtless,pursueasimilar.course.What will be the final result none but He who watchesover the. destinies o f the world, and thus f a r has vouch-safed to lis peace, prosperity, and happiness, can fore-and busy yourself in achieving the victories of peace, no less renowned than those,of war. Turn your atten- tion now frem.disgusting politics forat least,four years —wouldtoGoditcouldbefortwenty-anddevotethe energiesofthe'mindandbody tothedevelopmentof The resources of the good "old commonwealth, now languishing m der too much legislation. Up, Virginians, and improve the best opportunities nature ever be-mained "hat for the future t o tell whether .the Southern yeople wouldtakeitup,orclosethe long struggle by doeiiion [Jinny ^roices—"JNever."] They might talk a s tley p.liw-sed, there was hut one issue; "an issue 4rfcourageandhonor,oroneofcowardiceand submis- sion. 1 bey had waitedlong for justice from the North, and to wait buta day, one day longer, was to bug their ch; in? and abandon the name of freemen. [Cheers.] He never intended to count the c:>t of maintaining fieedoro, and would maintain the heritage of those who bo;ehisnamewithhislife,ifnecessary. [Applause.]next week at Milledgeville..The people here a r e greatly rejoiced t o hear thatSouth Carolina has tmanimouslv passed the Convention bill.VIRGINIA. ,. _RICHMOND, Saturday, Nov. 10, 1860.It is nHcertained here that South Carolina and Geor- gia will secede forthwith. Efforts are being made to induce them to submit to the action OJf a conference of the Southern States, but they refuse, their policy being toaccomplishtheir purposebefore Lincoln gets intotheconservativepeople,Northand South, to'cometo character/*theSouth needstheutmostmeasureof for- the rescue—to meet in general convention, all'"the bearance, and of such devotion to the Union as she has Statestoberepresented, andjayert, ifpossible,the neveriuallhertrialsbeenrequiredtoexercisebefore, fearful calamities that are upon'us. to govern and .guide her in this emergency. T h e a cOne of the objects of tbe Cabinet Council to-day is of deliberate secession, and which has been ascribed totell. Let us hope for the best,—"Sufficient for the dayistheevilthereof." • * ' stowed,amiplaceyourbelovedStatein that positioni.nd Wherta*; the General Assembly of Alnbama, r*<prfiseuting 'b«- •pecpl'- lovally <lf\<>teii to th« L'mon of the Constitution', butTo the President of the Hank of the Its-public.The dispatch in the New-York papers dated Raleigh, N. C.,Nov. 7, beginning with " T h e Governor andconvulsed and cruelly torn b y the dissensions of th e Shivery agitation, has at last, risen and thrown off the....~*..w4,«t^V-QtNwwupon'an immediate Convention. the action of their leaders.T h e citizens indorse > * ::v ::' '„.-'.'"'. ..'.'•' ' ' j \StlonStae^fesolemnly declared their intention to . resort to epen resistance to the inauguration ot a Kr^n-'. 0| From The Star, Washington, T). C, Nov. 8.The public will do'abtiess be gratified a t perceiving.great oneweaofmy life,theindependence otthe unauthorized.persons,andthatthismeetingwas!calledBooth,whichIverily"believecan-onlybeaccomplished toconsiderwhetherweihouhlprotectourselvesby ers,andsecessionisalmostaslittlefavoredbytheri«ad persh-ter.ee in the .solution of questions, which ' In the Cotton States the success of the revolutionists isinvolve mere sentiment to one section, -but are es- not impossible; but their siicce&s in them will, neces- is not the way to uphold the rights of the States, andthrtugb the action of South. Carohna. [Prolonged " ant lante-j A nd if there is danger, gentlemen, olu as 1 am I nave come bote to join you ia that danger.pa:n «.nsc a; ;1 use.1 I wish my State was'as ready t o move as South Carolina. Unfortunately it is not so; tat I veiily believe, t h e circumstances being a s they are, that it is better that Virginia and all other border States renuln acquiescent for a time—but for a time, &r—a barrier to the aeceoing States;,and Ihe first droptimatedasvitaltothepeaceandsecurityofthe earily,numlerthe.Democraticpartyeven^whereelse other. among:.things only to be remembered, if its nametheiightsoftheSouth.Itis.weakeningourownpo- sition, and destroying our own strength.From The Alexandria Sentinel.We of the Sonth«rfiu'e thus imposed upon u s a gov* emment outside of .opfjirJcex, and founded on a scntim wrut hostile to our social sy*t>.-m. ' T h e reasons which in our judgment make such a domination whofly incon- sistent wit h every idea of a free or beneficent govern- ment, w e have already explained. W e shall not g* into these question's now further than to say that, woBexnlred. 'Ihot w© live underftgovernment of law, and that it in the boundeti'dnty of every good citizen to sec all our richts ro- «f blood »piiled in South Curolina in defondhig ber.soil spected and all our'wrongs Bpecdily redressed in tho forms pro-electing a president holding their own sectional views —or.e whoso great and only recommendation was, that he was I itteiiy hostile to a large portion of our coun- trymen, and insanely determined to trample upon their rights. For this reason, a n d for this purpose, Abra-• , From The Washington State*. .'•'"•...It is needless for us to say that, in our opinion, Gov. Cist takes a n unconstitutional view of the issue—hence his necessity for means outside of the Constitution to meet.it.. While insinuating an idea that his action is guided b y the'State-Rights doctrine, h e Virtually does•will rally Virginia and every other border State with. vided by law.yea. [Applause.] Remaining in the Union fur a time fietotred, That the genius of ourliifctitutions forbids the punish-aifter & altera States have seceded, Virginia and the raei't of n citizen "without a fair triul bv jury.otier border States can better defend them, not only Jiewlred, That tbe • nstsnmpHon by lndmrlnalu, however influ-entitfl sud resp».'.ctable. of any.power* of governm ent is subversive in the field, hut by their Rcpi-ecentatives in Congress, of all civil liberty, and that ita tendencies ar<? futal to the vital in-became thev will be able to prevent any hasty terest*ofthecommunity, i aclkn. I waited in Virginia imtil I could cast my Betotted, That if.tbe,existing laws arc insufficient for the pro-. * vote; when 1 had performed my duty in This tectiou of the right*-of our citizeiis, the proper co»«rBe is to applyWest. Should he take bis seat as President, he will incoming of Abraham Lincoln, or any other worse in- that such a rule is consistent cither with our honor or find 1 imself powerless for any legislative action. Bothto tho Legislature to amend and modify them, as the .interests of respect, I came otV innnediiitely to join you here. society may Teqnire. j , ,(Loud cleerr.] I was-batisiied that if a n y thing Universal excitement prevailed a t times during the was doi.e, it would be done here, and I "bad no meeting, which was addressed by Colonels Cumniing, doutt b u t what i t would h e done [applause), Wright, Cone, Sneed, Montgomery, Ford, Dorticandend 11 e sooner y>u do it the bitter. [Cties ot " that s others. _• ' .but the times demand plain 'speaking;' and, a s a South- ron, I do-not choose to sacrifice, my section, to the whims' hf South Carolina. So say;"Thousands of the best men the South has ever produced.The Cabinet met in extra session to-day at the WhiteHorice, a t 1 o'clock. This occurrence leaked out., and,of course, all sorts of rumors were circulated as to thesubjects of their deliberations. But it was really oneof the.most quiet'and purely business meetings everheld. Politics are not all that public men have to do.The Administration of the Departments is a muchmore important matter, and .the President t.onlay w a slaboriously engaged iu exarrfmmg the reports from theDepartments with reference to his annual message. were steady yesterday in New-York, and advancedBOiand ajplanse.] I do not counsel unseemly precipi-. tsuton, by any mean»; bnt every thinking man in thisStele, o r i n a n y other State, must have considered-what would he. tbe issue o f t h e election 'of a BlackRepublican President. I f this Legislature wiU decideto-morrow, i t will n o t decide precipitately; b u t p r e -erpitate action isbetter than none. You will encourageand sustain your friends abroad*—you will give en-, liesolrtd. That it is th« censo of this meeting that the only'prefer t o go out and bike t h e consequences, l e t them- be-what they may. But, we think, under existing eircr.nv:-tancf;>s there is no necessity immediately tosources, would indicate that the States represented bythem were.either above or beneath the others in thesolicitude and alarms the jealousy of the Southern peo- ple: and they f:nd it difficultto reconcilethernseives tooonragement to the timid—you will frighten your ene-mies. [Applause.] I have no thought of South Caro-lina remamittg alone. S h e will soon h e joined b yother States. But if she is not, she will he just asstrong to repel Northern aggression a n d t h e power of. W ASHINGTON. Saturday, Nov. An cxtraordinarv session of the Cabinet10,1860. was held•": iVIRGINIA.From The Richmond (Vo.) Enquirer, Nor-. 8. •the lederal Government, a s if she had the assistanceof the fifteen Southern States. [Loud cheers.] If she Jiexilrrd, That this meeting is pledged to submit to a rate ofSouth. ••'•'.:•/.•Federal officers continue to forward their resigna-tions, and already there arequite a number of impor-. tar.t places vacant, such a s Collectors, Deputy S u b - .TreasuTers, and' Postmasters': and it is to meet thesetobelieve"that violent effortswill hemade tocarryout the threats of secession, capitalists at the North andtelegraph that the Black Republican ticket, headed by Abraham Lincoln of Illinois and Hannibal Hamlin of Maine las triumphed. 'upon us. and Lincoln is emir led to our forbearance un- til lis Administration shall have indicated and entered upon a policy subversive of our rights under the com- pact by w*hh h tbepe thirty-three States are bound to- gether"in national brotherhood. H e is no patriot whoupholding-the laws'for the preservation of order, or cllow an unauthorized body of men to take the law out of our hands. ' ..Join K. Jackson moved that a Committee of Twenty- one he appointed to prepare a series of resolutions.The Cl.ainran selected a 'respectable a n d influential Comn i'tee, wl-.o reported the following:realiy great minds of the South, although there is a eleiir*distinction between the two theories.South Carolina is the seat of disloyalty to the Union,and many persons think thatt.be sooner she goes o u tthe better. She has been the prolific cause of troublefor a long series of vears. Calhoun gave "her 'all h e rconsequence, a n d since h-is death she has n o t had asingle statesman fit to lead herself, much less the Union.A State cannot, in these days, live on the heritage ofihe most renowned antecedents. Every State mustliaye men of their own time equal to emergencies, andSouth Carolina seems now to have no such man. Shecannot, therefore, lead the South. .On the contrary,sixemus follow.the lead of others w h o better 'under-standthetiir.es,herownsituationand'herrelationsto. arrivesforbisinauguration, theUnionwillhavebeen' antsofprovincesdesiroustorebelagainstarecognized the sister States. I say this with reluctance and regret,jdo; ted, after being amended, as follows:Notwithstanding the reports and rumors from the Southland especially that extremely irrmortant part of it, in her own estimation, called South Carolina, stocksother; ' l . ;. •The State-Rights doctrine gives to every State, itsOwn destiny. ; Under such a faith, and in th e practice of it, tl e Sttite is as independent.of h%Hleral-intrusion as a private family. . . ' 'nevertheless; it is proper that they should do so; and let us hope that they will. . . ,,From the l.ynrhhirrg Virginian.The election is over, and Abraham Lincoln has been called, .by the voice of the people, expressed in a.con- stitutional manner, to preside over this nation during the next, four years. However unpalatable the result may be to us of the South, our duty is plain. There has", as yet, been no violation of the Constitution byMEMt ow h i c h V lEecrioh ''of^o^conntar^^ieatened:>n^!SBBBJSHPBagsHggswrong andSou'A W by tbeaction of two or three States; to be I, >wcipitatcd into a revolbtion/' and,Mt may b ^ />l«nged into all.the disastersAndhorrorsofacMl"War; at lea*t andat best, to have the (Jovernzoent r••—operation. Man4./ jnunential citkons-j nre;tendering 3 H e was followed by John D. Watson, of Ths. North. monev ftad arnn»to ^py. Moore. The military are or- j4»icricaiiy who-supported him. He etmtyjWed that :Fedora , has aesnmed to: impugn the ;loyalty^f the Federalthe South. '. :•'-'!'}Very moderate consevvative, Union-lovmer, antc-sec-tronal resoJntions.were then adopted. Thus the attempt 'to foim the Republican Clubs of; this city into a posse for the support of Mr. Lincoln to the Presidential chair has been defeated. .,•-/:; ;; •;--..PROM WASHINGTON, WASH.INOTQN, NOV. 10, I860.Numerous'dispatches from different parts of every Southern and South-Western State indicate that there h're large numbers of. persons i n those regions ready to flv to aims. On hearingof Lincoln's election, all those who.in their own phrase, would "rather fight thancat"areputtingontheDisunioncockades,beatingquick succession, that ihe President has called his.advisers together. . Whether the President can do any- Col. Anderson of Savannah is now addressing the thing which will allay tbe excitement is questionable.vorable indication. T h e rei'usal'oi' 'a State so power- ful, prosperous and wealthy as._Georgia to join in'tlie conceit of .secession, must perioUSly embaiTass those who may contemplate that measure. We think it well to camion our readers not, to place implicit confidence even in the reports "by (ck-graph, much less the rumors which vrill b e nut forth on weaker authority. The turn of .the stock n aikot, from day t o day may depend upon a report one way or the orl'ier, and'we have sufficient knowledge of the motives which govern bear specu- lators net to pin o u r faith upon their representations. Wehavebynomeanslostourhopeofapeaceful,if not a^speedy adjustment of the difficulty.Frlm The Baltimore Sufi,.Nov. 9.Under all these circumstances, and which we.are b y no mean's diej Ofcd to consider in all their ouiousness <<ftween tbe States, o r t o increase t h e agitations that have already convulsed the Republic. L^et us rathec pour oil upon the troubled and angry waters.From The Petersburg Intelligencer.Now, then, let us have a settlement of the question. Union or Disunion, once for all—not for a day, but f<His la t words, if he kr.ew before the morning's sun office.he would stand'in judgnfent before hierGod? would be, The suhmissionists here, seeing thev cannot resistto save for the orphans he would leave behind-him the the current of popular indignation, in "the South, areheritage of freemen. (Applause.]- When the intelli- disposed to favor a Southern conference with • a view States in favor of dissolution ?that, the countay and they may pass them unscathed. the result. All that w e can do is to hope that., no mat- Before the Union was created b y the voluntary con- ter w b o is elected, t h e peace and tranquillity of the sent of each of the original ^States, it does, not "follow country may be preserved, and the supremacy" of thegence came from Charleston that the sons of Carolina to guaranties for Slavery, and remove the question had commenced this campaign as they should, and that altogether from Congress". They are disposed also t ofavor the admission of Northern delegates, in order to give a constitutional phase tothe adjustment.Themovementcomestoolate,atleasttopreventthe secession of South Carolina, Georgia, and other States.Torn Corwin arrived here from the West to-day. H e says that the speculation in the Black Republican pa- pers in regju-d to Lincohi's Cabinet are the merestemhodimeut of secession, has within the past mouth ortwo traversed the North, and made appeal after appealto tbe reason, intelligence, and patriotism of his fellow-citizens there; but, unfortunately, so faras the resultIHindicative, without avail. We can but insist, there-fore,'at such a.crisis as this, upon common decency intbe treatment of States and people occupying so anom-alousapositionastheSouthmust,do,intheUnionorour,ofit. IntheUnionshemustremainforatime,atleast, subject to a power she can.neither recognize'' plotting ambition^ or momentary impulse, it would af-. ductive of injury, wlwtwill be. produced by the execu-involution was there inaugurated, he felt his bloodthat such consent can be withdrawn at will by any Constitution, and the laws passed in pursuance of it,Ibouud quicker, and he rejoiced that they had taken theaight position. [Loud applause.] Let us;hope the.iLegitlatnrewill prepare to maintain the positionoftwaddle.OPINIONS O F T H E SOUTHERN PRESS.Carolina. ultimately he held, and upon its deliberations will de-pend the issue of Union o r disunion. I f it fails to ob- The result does n o t surprise Vus; w e felt thiit it civilly, socially, nor politically. And in all that time,South Carolina before the world. I f any people werepledgedtoresistance,itwasthepeopleof South 1havenodoubt,however,butthataconferencewillMAitY^AND...'•". From The Harder State, Baltimore, Md.astheevershiftingsand.. Thesportofeverypopular taincontingency,todestroytheUnionandGovern- excitement, the victim of every conflicting interest, of ment. If the threat to destroy the .Government is pro-A number of other.speakers were successively called tain tbe required guarantees, the whole South will in- would be so; we knew, as well a.s anything could br. out. The Hon. P . W . Pickling made a telliug'speech, stantly secede. known beforehand, that such would be the case; a n d urging South Carolina to take the lead, as the bell- Affairs continue- in. a very unsettled condition. we have hot ceased to declare if boldly and fearlessly,with "an unco tain future before her, must live on the hdpe of her emancipation i'nom the most odious thralr dora thai could he inflictee<d upon her. Out of the Union she could only exist burdened with regret asan unwilling separatist, having chosen a n undesirable political independence because her first choice lias been rudely and offensively denied to her,' with un equality of the right s and honors o f confederation.DISTRICT OK COLUMBIA.' . ".' .FromTheWanh'aKjtonConstitution.We. may be very treasonable, or very foolish,be- cause wo cannot entertain the opinion that Southern manarelikelytoacceptMr.Lincoln's election with- out murmur, complainty or remonstrance, yet, we con-ford no guarantee of perpetuity "while the hours bring round the circuit of a single year. T o suppose that a single State could withdraw at will, is to brand the fitateiMxenof the Revolution, convinced of the weak- ness and certain destruction o f t h e old confederation o f the.States, of laboring to perpetuate the evil .they at- tempted to remedy. Their work, which h a s been t h e marvel of the world, would be no government at all; the oaths takeii>to support a n d maintain i t would b e hitter mockery of serious obligations, and nothing would e.xist to. invite the confidence of citizens or stiaugers in its protection.From The Richmond ( Fa.) Disrfateh, Nov. ft.The.returns received andpublishedyesterdayleft little or no doubt of the election of Abruham.Lineoln fortion of that threat ?' But the consideration of dollars and cents, important as it is, is trifling when compared. with the other evils which an attempt to dissolve the Union cannot fail to bring upon us. Waiyin the most dreadful shape in which it can be waged, will be the resultof.thisattempt. Andallforwhat? Allon ac-iCount cf a question which can never arise for practical".'*•wether of the Southern ilock. Messrs. Gaillard, Ligbt- Doubt and uncertainty pervade all classes. ner, Wallace, Hope, Gary, and others, also addressed•the meeting.LOUISIANA. .NEW-ORLEANS, Friday, Nov. 9, 1860. ..ALABAMA. MO.NTOOMEKY,Nov. 9, 1860.Placards are posted about the city, calling a conven-legislation ! things.Citizens of North Carolina, t,hiiik of the*rFrom The Raleigh (N. C.) Press.Gov.Mooreisabsent from theCapitnl. Onhisre- Men. ' , turn he will issue an address to the people stating the The Minute Men of this city met this evening and time at which he will call the Convention. H e thinks passed a resolution requesting"tbe Governor' to call the that miiler-the instructions of the last Legislature he Legislature into session. Blue cockades arc worn byThe very boldness and audacity of our enterprisestartled m id amazed them. W e were shunned a n ddreaded at first as dangerous and reckless. Even thosewho claimed alliance to .the cause thought, w e were tooThe die is cast. The deed is done, and we have only to await the .news of the great result. If Lincoln b« elected, w e cannot, nor will we pretend to foretell tho effectitwillproduce. AdissolutionoftheUnionmay speedily follow. W c cannot tell. W e hope he baa. been defeated, and that our country'may soon subsida into its usual quiet and prosperous condition. If be has succeeded, there is no man south who will notaf-is not authorized to call a Convention until th e Presi-' dent ml Electors have balloted in December.The joint resolutions of the last Legislature, calling a Convention in the contingency of the election of Lin- roJb>, are a s follows:H'/irrea», Auti-Sl*kv«»ry agitation, peraUteutly continued in the ' -j«>:t-M«M:ii''.'is:.K £?tutc» of tain Union I'or mote than a -third of a tienlury, marked at •ivmry *taxei of it* exiirtoncf by contempt for the obffeation* of htw am) the tutnetity of compacts, evincing avteadly hostility to the' right* und institution* of the Southern prop{*, und n,settled purpoM-, to effect their overthrow, oven by the subversion of the Cou«titution, and at the hazard of violence tutd btoodcheO: and WTterfa*. a «ecrJonal party, calling itself. Kepnbiiean. comrnitted atih«- by it«< own acta and antecedents, , *u.d tl:«- pnbiic -%o-.vuJ»i and necret mnchination* of it* leaders, to the execution of UWM-atrociooa d«-<j^n-*. ha* a<-quired the a*cen-tU'ixcs in nearly tvery Northern State, and bopeK, by aucoeiw in thw approaching l*rc<udeutial election, to seize the Ooverument itself; and WTierta*, to permit such weimire by those who«e mmiutakf-ab!*- aim ia to pervwrt its whole inuchinery to the detraction of & portion of its member*, would be an act of Moiicidal folly and madness almost without parallel in'history;a few in the streets.*,•'••fast. But we had been in the field before, and knewthat what we carried must be b y '•' coup de main," if fess that we cannot do so, and we believe^ further, that the Presidency. To-day we publish enough to make i tas all know* Three short, months ago we issued ourBorder'State—a campaigner for Lincoln and Hamlin—amid the jeers and sneers of almost everybody in thecity, at a time when theiewas not a^Tundfod men whoventured to be known as Republicajis. A little coterie,fearful and retiring, but watchful and prayeiful, dared tionofthoseinfavoroforganizingacorpsot'Minute tohopethatthedayspringwouldyet.dawuuponus.FLORIDA.TAM.AHAS.SEK, NOV. 8, via Columbus, ?1 Saturdayj Nov. 10,1860. S The clouds are lowering. There is a profound sen- sation among our people. The Legislature will un- doubtedly call a convention of the people to devisesome i>lan of action.at all. Steadily and surely, as our little sheet found it's way to thinking minds, "our ranks began to swell, and had w e polled yesterday but half the votes which to-day wish, they had gone with us, w e should have had n o t only the thousand and'odd w e did obtain, b u t ten times that number.Lincoln and Hamlin are elected, and all will go well. We can all figure up at our leisure. But first of all keep our ranks unbroken; organize, organize; keep the flaga flying; there w more work to do, and don't let a single foothold slip. 'we are not singular in our opinion. It wilhbe terrible certain. The event is the most deplorable one that hasto receive the ignominious punishment of traitors with happened in' the history of the country.. The Unionwhich oneofourneighbors threatens us,anditis maybepreservedintqiitcofit. Wethinkitwill;but firmt_hathistriumph is notthetriumph ofthe "irre-• tenahce of botu r can patriots.'.J Frv'tn'The times are f State safelv tiirt <jiuw« wisdom. ] ism,and the sou who are to cent r\ ful emergency i s every Americar> t depends the hoj e The Union caii < Constitution. N•. three States in tl the Union: nut < the Confederacy, guaranties resre enrance that the•hall be coneedec eolemnly beheve short enhis will'. . » ...p rvn The truo n^ir.e in a portion of t.colasownattese the csnipAigujui most of the new Anti-KepubUcanV eryrospeatfully,- R. H . L O W R Y ,Ca*bier.forever.From The lialtimorr. Patriot, No*. 8. . :. The people of this Union, which, for years,,has beenities i n every Black Republican State, w h o havestruggled with unfaltering constancy against the bale-ful power of the party which hangs'like a black cloudover the fate of the nation. They have been true t oNORTH CAROLINA. BANK OK T H E REPUBLIC,do nothing b u t harm- The-pat* ties who are here charged with <l encouraging and in- i> NKW-YORK, Nov. 10, 1860. $ 'I inclose a dispatch which I haye just received from the Treasurer of the State of North Carolina.'Ttm*j cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin. Tlie Cons!i-tution and the Union, one and inseparable,-how and mon sense than ourselves. If others have discovered body of faithful citizens, who constitute large minor-iu ii«r: of the paxtv in th« Northern States calliin: jtw>lf tb« Re-publii-an party—it »hall '»* tbe duty of the Govrrnor, snd be is claims to tbe Presidency against any opposition that conspiracy. It became itself a conspiracy against the fceieby rn<julred, forthwith to issue nis proclamation callinst upon might be made by the Minute Men of the South. This rights and the feeling? and the interests of the. nation. the <iualwed veU-n of th»' State to assemble on Monday, not action create<Lconsiderable excitement amongthe party The nation has risen in its own defense, and hurled itas we now solemnly assert that wo shall never bid for Mr. Lincoln's patronage, there is no need for its repe- tition by those who seek to conciliate the President, elect.: > . •From Thr Washington Constitution, NbvS..-We are not without hope that, although the political horizon is now- apparently bounded on aH sides by dark and lowering clouds." portentous of coming tem-' imoie than fortr day* after the date of said proclamation, at the leaders, who were divided in their opinions respecting from power. What an opportunity for him who can ' *everal place**! voting in their respective counties, to elect del-FromtheWilmington(N.C.)Jovrn*?. oftheJohnBoi•igtite*toaConvention oftheStaU;, U»consider,determine,and. theexpediencyofsuchaction.heal thesewounds'! What glory,honor,andfairre- nown will be his, and theirs, who can restore peace and tranquillity to the people ?~who can and will di- rect the powers of the State to the interests of the na- tion—whowillwithdrawthatgreatinfluencefrom1 he election of Lincoln is a serious thing. It meani| all the insult for the present, and all the iiriurv for th«' future, thai such an act can do. W e doubt if tot gloomy or' too serious a view can be taken of thi^ event.Criminations mid recriminations will do little gooc^ We may'all know that this event has been helped —this movement;at the North has been encourage* and invited, by the assurances from influential partie attheSouththattheNorthernsectionalismsmightele< their Northern sectional abolition President, and sui* parties Svould still be their very obedient,' humble ser vants. A ll this we can see and can deplore tho resul* now apparent t o us. But w e cannot recall the past undo the evils to which its errors, have "give* rise. Wfj < an only look t o t h e future and- provide some re.^ guaranties^ for our.sufety und our honor. W e are withut such now. -,in order to:***?n would ovemoe-fc of every kind, i turning' tho wb Robespierre. N«<*misrepresented. "by hisenemiet«..L knoiv him bcur \4jad patriotisir. gtatesnien,and rooted, ar*-etmr< t o Slavery, his j tothefirst;-n< m e n ; identical * generally acted and in no ess-out trines- pxofosw*! ties, until the CFrom 'Mr. Iincolu b States according that, on hid in< next, te«*ouw the President ccationin. threats of sece* States,orforainpthe OoVfra And that meu >u have been gui jjuffferatallbvdo whatever in the opinion of said Convention th»- rights, iuter- •usts, and honor of the State of Alabama require to be done for •heir prote<rti"n.2. fieit further re*olv*d. That «aid Convention •hall a*»emble nttlwStal«Capitolonth<eMondayfollowingsaidelretion.There was a large meeting of the Continental Club this evening, as it was understood that, some over-zeal- ous members intended to force the adoption of similar resolutions. Butsuchanattemptwasprostratedbyhostile to the people of tho other, seizing the reins of •pest, a bright spot will yet appear and the danger Government and dictating rulers to the nation. H eRALEIGH,.Nov. 10,1860.the transcendent merits of Mr. Lincoln within the last two days, and axe convinced tliathis rule will be bene- ficent,:jnst. and acceptable to the South, they have the perfect right t o sing his praises and declare "their con- victions Irom every housetop. But lat them not ex-..":"\^'^\'Wl^J?*1 tifatf#iS£Zdrums, displaying the lone-star banner, &c.! : T"heirbefalusasanation. Theywillwaittosecwhatthe disclaimer. '' «"•••Republican President will do. H e cannot do wcrse .than the Democratic Adn ii istration that is now draw-marafestoes arc senw, fine talk," " 1 " 'We regret more than we'can express that it enter-tains such 'views of the propriety of secession on the secede) at'all, there is something dne to cottiity toof the two latterState papers, and even with them, are just the thing t o create " a sensation" down South. iYetthereareva^tmassesineachofthoseStateswho bave no part nor lot in all this vehemence, passion and display. Fromtheselatter,the Administrationhears, as well a s from the more clamorous a n d exaggerating sources. The former are heard most loudly and fre- quently just now, b u t they ought not on that accountifhewould,commitgreaterblundersthanBuchanan, or do greater injury to the South, and to the whole country. ' , . , . ., . •-TheyareexceedinglyobnoxioustotheDemoeracyof this section of country, as well a s all others who bave autbt to lose by revolution; as The Constitution can-a rright,"byFettingfiretobis^ownhou«e,toenflan- ger the bouse o f l i s hc-ighbor. 'Virginia, in thia Union or ovt of it as a sovereign, and as potxmtial;« Smth*Georgia—a svimpsjis of which will be found under our and other difficultiestfind troubles that are following in telegraphic I'ca'd—will,iwe think, be regarded as a fa!-the Constitution and their fellow-citizens of the South. acorning »h^ 1 nion which fanaticism would «r«ct on its ruins, Council ari-now in session," is a hoax throughout. '. authors of its ills. The party which callsitself Demo- press their gratitude that they are so much better and Ought w e not, for their sake—who have been true1). W ; COURTS, PubUo Treasurer.PENNSYIiVANlA. PHILADELPHIA,NOV.10, 1860.in- of the t.-oatiij^ney conti.uipkU-d in tbe foregoing; preamble. Ward Defenders, adopted resolutions tendering their neglected' the interest of the nation. It, had de-viz:Thef\ffti^n ofaPrexid^ntadrocuttni:tlwprinclplrsand servicestoAbrahamLincolntosupporthiminhisscendedfromthathightrusttothemerestsectional stateswhathe.knowstobeaninfamousslander;amish-eut i liieir hvlrttm duty to provide ia- udvanc*? the meaus by wl.i. h th< y may escape *ucb jwril and dishonor, and devise new •mcuritJesi'vr rn-rp«l>jating; th« ble*»inst« ui*liberty to themneives«md their ?«»t«rity; fh**efere, , „1.lieit/nsoleed.i/\itheSenateandJ/vuaeofJiepreirntut,eetof jiUjtmma In General Amembly CMtocued, Tb.:t upon the happen-cratic, and lived, for years, "on tbe faith of" the people hi that name, as indicative of its defense of the rightswiser than their neighbors. We shall never disputewhere it costs something to be true—-to wait and strug-ment,rentintwain,andthenationrejectsit.Itw A few days since, a Republican club, the Eighteenth weighed in the balance and"found wanting. It hadwards he can bestow. ,;Whoever charges us with recommending disunionfrom the sober second thought o f masses o f misled-hon- cst men, who have followed the delusive light sof tho lunaticsandthe-unprincipleddemagogueswhodirect the fell agitation in tho Free States ?From The Richmond Dispatch, Nor. 9, 18fi0.The election of Abraham Lincoln has. indeedTput thiscountryinperil.Withhim.comesthatcalamity which Washington dreaded as a wedge that would assuredly split tlie Union in twain, viz., a sectional par, v in oue division of the Union founded on issuesX He u further Raolved, That it shall be the duty of the the energy of the more politic leaders. Immediately assisting"and increasing sectional quarrel, and once averted. But if that horx-, so dear, so precious to Governor, as soon as possible, to inane writs of. election to the on the opening of the meeting, District-Attorney Mann, again restore it. to its healthful, rightful, lawful action,! every friend of his country and its institutions, is to besaw hi this an outrage, an alienation of the affection" -duties, its burdens and -demands b e avoided. A gov-.•&*.Jndicjary as how "constituted^"and as it/ is asc^rtair ^garbnng. "'V '' ''' ':.']. | the North ehbuld.dono act and speak no vt-ordtoin- South alone. ,Miv Lincoln, althouah the candidateof that both branches of the Federal Legislature w W whdom, beaten down and destroyed! Ought this to»;•'The militory eOrripaniesof thiscity^fnTly arroed and flr.me the South. We have not worked for tlic eman-The dangers to ^ .•apprehended now arefrojJ^Jwhich o u r forefathers established b y their'vak>r audi he?equipped,. have tendered their, services t o the Gov ; error. Our citizens are aTl nhanixn'ons for disunion. A plan for secession will be Organized next v?,eek.' The Governor, Supreme Court Judges, Circuit Judges, ho;h tbe Senatorx:, and all the Congrettsmen, save one, are for dicunion.The" city of Mobile vvill.he against secession,hut nire-tentHofthecountrydistrictsarefordisunion.The Minnte-Men are organizing^ and will have 80,000membersenrolledbeforethe1stofJanuary. .\ A meeting cf the leading politicians of-the .Stateof all .parties h s s just. been, held,'and resolved t o insist^B aggresrive sectional party, rwdl^e unable to inter- fere with any Oonsliturional right of a Southern State,hostile t o the Administration of Mr. Lincoln, it ^ ^ that the question of 'dJsi'inion, as >a«ed.on u ? ^ fact of a Democratic defeat in one branch e ^ ^ emment, wouldimply, if carried, a d e e p - > ^ j(oWHHimv\e Q,^* ^^{^would not allow of dissolution. I t is idle for us, then,totake anytrouble aboutit. LettheSouth Caro:linians go ahead. They are naturally excited. I f h e(Mr. Wat eon) was a'Southern resident, and believedthat this great party of the North, were, bent-on freeingalltheslaves,he.wouldbethesameastheyarenow—juit as' rire for resistance. Immediate emancipationwasawordwhichintheirmindsimpBed-rapine,mur-der, and deeolation. Butit.wasiiotthe.p.urpoBO of the-Republican party to.fi-ee tlie u black barbanans oi ard other iiamiuff Disunionists here and_ there in the Cotton States." • . / 'Representatives will be both opposed to .him.andlusy,flTty. Theywillbeiv-bamertotheexecutionofanyBchenieToi Northern aggression that, might he•contem-plated o r attempted.. His hands are tied, and h a willhe powerless in this respect. But the filters in thetytothe,Governmentitself,mnceever, , . ^o,,^ thistime. A"UnitedSouth"formereparty v*rvc*Tits thud reading next Tuesday. It provides a tax of to be regarded as the exponents' of doctrines" which are success tley must understand tbe improbability of sectionclpartyin thirty days, if essaying to stand upon pursued, fearing the consen-aliredaction of Virginia,twenty-five per cent on all goods from States which havenullifiedtheFugitiveSlavelaw,andexempts foreign goods from taxation.AUGUST A, Saturday, Nov. 10,1860. SenatorToombshasresignedhis'seatintheUnitedStates Senate. ;A large meeting of the citizens was .'held in the Council Chamber this afternoon. Mayor Blodgett pre-siding. 'v ' - "•' /most widely spread or most generally adopted in the maintaining peace between these States, unless they the doctrines thns enunciated by The Constitution. and not desiring, in troth, u a United South," certain. slaveboldingStates;anditwouldcertainlyhemost determine'todiscardextreme sectional spirit—the ThroughouttheSouththecontestistobe,clearly, CottonStateswereforgoingoffbythemnei'veB'.forthe- unpatriotic, unjust, .'and unwise to Ignore the mode-• impossibility of advancing the common interests of between'revolution and anti-revolution; a n d in V fr- mere sake of " forming a Cotton Confederacy,^ totallythe country by any attempted domination, through the ginia, Maryland, Delaware, North Carolina, Tennes- irrespective of other Southern States which "do,not rec- thoseStatessympathize,forthesakeofpropitiatinga mereforceofnumbers;overthe.adjudicated constitu- see,and.Kentucky,ifnotLouisianaalso,the.revo- ogniseCottonastlt&irKing,andtotallyregardlessofcomparatively few ambitious and exasperated leaders. tional rights even of a minority—the impolicy of such.. lutionists will not nnmbor one in five, even though it The love of the Union is still proved to be a deep- "attempts when those rights may be exercised, if at all, be attempted to aid their, cause with the prestige of theseated and irradienl sentiment iu the hearts of the peo- ple, even of the seceding States! Letters from every ore of them attest., this fact. Disunion is looked on will) abhorrence, apart from all consideration of its absolute impracticability; Nullification has no defend-rates, with whom the vast majority of the people in(here on almost the entire list. This indicates, a t least, the subsidence of thepanic which prevailed before the election; and although the worst which was then pre-this morning, for the purpose, it is understood, of con-sideringthe presentalarmingconditionofaffairsatthe dictedmay'still happen,;andthere seemsgood reasonThe Presidential election throughout the Union isover, and the people have learned by means of the those whoee choice has determined the issue that is nowonly at a (Infant day, and in a remote country—the Democratic party's name in those States. North of folly of alienating ancient, friendships, and breaking u pa#iy interest n o r any views hut, their own. It used to be a " United South !" It wan formerly Disunion and Seecs.ion for^aggresiion bv the General Government. It is now a dimmted South—becomes identified seriously with the scheme of revo- The Black Republican fanatics have succeeded iu lution now sought to he carried. . .From The Baltimore. Republican.her as a thing of choice, will he, should the; necessity everoccur,mostrepugnant to hev. Andit was'toFrom The Rah-igh {N. O.) Register. Porsomedaystocome,wecando butlittle mora consequences. .But these will fall upon the country, than chronicle the returns of the election which was.lamentabletofeelthatanotherpitiesour'follyand want ofcommon sense. But we must bear both, the future a n d present, calamities, ,if there is n o other escape-;'than by abandoning the belief that Mr. Lin- eoln't) election'is -fraught with extreme danger to the Republic.We have-no ambition, to find favoi- iu the sight of Mr. IJncoln. We announce, now our determination to earn his diofavor, and thus leave the.held.open to others who are less foolish and are endowed with more com-we"arepreparedtoexpecttrouble. Wehavealready one sign from S*uth Carolina, and this may be followed by others of more serious character. • 'I t is a t least a reasonable conjecture t h a t Lincoln owes bis elevation to the Presidency to the divisions and discords of those who are opposed to him and his party. Those whose .delinquency w e "may thus ration- ally conclude h a s produced this deplorable result, ought not to break up the Union for their Own fault. Besides,weoftheSouthseeattheNorthan immensepressibleconflict"overequalityintheStates,and over the rights of the South.From The Wilmington (N. C.)H?rald._All this, w e say, is ill-timed, and the indulgence <^viting" the movement at the North might, with pro- priety,retaliate upon their accusers,and laytbere* sponsibility a t their doors, b y charging them with a useless and criminal agitation of the Shivery question. But w e trus*t that t h e palpable a n d suicidal error of | such a course on the part of either will prove a suf- ficient check on both. There are some very gcoJI boutbern-Bights men who are uot vet prepared lo giv«[ up the Union. In fact the Disunionists are greatlyitt| the minority, and have failed to satisfy the world that| they posseesall the wisdom and all the spirit of the! South. Until they d o this, common justice—to saV^- nothing of a becoming modesty—would dictate a sen: J ^ ment of moderation i\x\dforbearancetow&rd ihow wla*^ differ with them.We will have trouble, and there's no use in shutting;' oureyestoit;butwefeelassuredthattheold;; "North State " will btand firm, and whatever may bojher determination, that she will act for' k<*r*clt',:Hz ' not for the M Cotton States."gle with them awhile longer, trusting that they may of freedom and manhood, has been, by a just judg- nor-tee] the least envy if they receive the highest re- yet rule thf North through accessions to their rank'sand sympathies of the States, which, sooner or later, KberiS* of the several counties, commanding them to hold an rose and. made a lengthy speech, inwhich, without in advancing the interests of all,'without sacrificing or 'realized, it is not by the contirinance of the taunts< would dissolve tho Union. He was right. It can onlyejection on said M ooday so d*-sijtnat»<d by tho Governor, as pro-vided tar In thesejoint resolutions, for the cbooeing of as many alluding directly to this attempt' to coerce the South, jeoparding the' rights and feelings of any'! W e hope•delegate*fromeachcountyto«ddConventionBJtheseveral herconrendedthatnow,inthetimeofvictory,the thedayhitscomewhichaffordsthat opportunity.<xwnties shill be entitled to members in the House of #epreaeut- party nhonld act with becoming dignity. They have We trust the man is chosen who will accomplish the incohtaderate action; on the other. * I t is not in the cannot long continue to live together under the same«{<•»« of the Oeneral A ssem bly; and aaid election shall be h«ld flo c^iuse for aiding in this semblance of strife. He'be- nation's hope. . , «t the xtauaiplaces of voting in the respective counties, and tbelieved there was a strong conservative feeling in theSouth, which was evidenced bythe large vote given' State; and said electton shall be governed in all re»p^^cts by the there forBell and Douglas. A'brahum Lincoln will this onh/ by tJieVi*Wiio7iiv4>ybcLn>r'pcr'»iit.trd to atrr'/f justment of the present momentous difficulty. - If" with the existence of the Union, we trust tflar thelawstbeninexistenceregulatingtheelectionofm^n)DerstotheHomo of Repre*ein*tive» of the General Assembly, and thejx-rsona elected thereat a* delegate* ahall be returned in likejnanaer,andthepay,both mileageandperdiem,ofthedelegate*to aaid Convention, and the aeverai officer* thereof, sht.ll be the obey the Constitution of his country. Pennsylvania believe 1m statements; not ..their misrepresentatious. IK-«..j)le,-who, if honor and safety will permit, will•axes aa that fixedly law for tbe member* and officer* of tlie aaid hndaecided the election of Lincoln, and she had some We believe his truth; not their untnith. use every exertion and consent to 'any' sacrificeHotoae of Eeyreaentot^ea. • • r • '4. Be it further Revolved, That copie* ot the foregoing pream- bleandresolutionbeforwarded bytheGovernor***o.>na»po*e •tbletoour Seoaton* and Repreaentativea & Congress,and to«aob of the Governor* of our w»t*r State* of the Sou'li- A.B. MEhK,SpeakeroftheHoiueotRepreaeutativea.rather than destroy a Union and institutions which The Patriot quotes Lincoln's views from his speech have been ihe. source of so nnfeh glory] HOmuch luippi-' ,^SOLTH CAROLINA,J"V<?/*» The Charleston Courier, Nov, 8.* • j^oredFelm-ry24,Vftffi^J.p.RATiiKR, PreiidentofthttSenate.%^ ^ ^ QowrMUclaims upon him. Let the South rest assured, then, thatshehasnocausetofear,fornoPennsylvanian couldeverpassMountVerponwithmusketinhandto array himself agaisst his>fcYetbren. L et us rather con- gratulateourselvesthaVafterallthisstrife,now,when tbeelection isover,wehavenofeelingagainstanyatOttowa,andadds:MenofMaryland! CitizensofSouthernStates!Isthis man an " Abolitionist ?" Is this man an " incen-diary"—a."-traitor"—-a "conspirator against thehomes and firesides of the South'/'' Or, is this theiieS8,somuchprosperity,andwhfch,ifpreserved, promisetoourcountrya careerofpowerandwealth beyondthepowerofhuman imaginationto conceive. Theattempttodistortourremark'sintoarecommenda- tion ofdisunion isas'unjust, as the effort to hold others{It is a time for action, n o t for words," was the r# mark in relation to the memorable event of the & November;I860,which determinedthe Mlureoftl*I, great American experiment of self-government, a» I compelledSouthCarolina toconsider andarrange' new political relationship. , . . . .Theactionhascommenced,andsomeofitswgni*cantbeginningsarenowrecordedinanotherplace. .•I,£Jljvtie^bextwiDuniteiaaendingdiuiinionmem-. ....disappointnonebutknaves. Hewillgiveus-apure government; wbich will be gratifying as a refreshing change* Hehasnowish buttoenforce thelawsanduvitheirthreats. AMwebelieveit,becausewebe-adjustmeiubepossibleitwillnotbefoundinforee,norbouthwillforbear1atthistimetotakeanvextreme measure. Not that wo wail for an " overt act." W e do hot il wait for a sign.". The outrage perjietrated is great, and cannot, be wiped out by the failure of Lin- coln tocommit an « overt act." Butthere are reasons .why we should wait and try to preserve thitt powerful union of States, in spite of fanaticism and the unchival- rousandunscrupulous,andthelow anddepravedin- stincts which govern the great body of the leadersof theBlackRepublicanpartyattlre'North.From The Alexandria (VU.) (Uizette.But,becauseIincolniselected;withoutanyovertact;withoutknowingwhathoistoproposeorl^com-.thecitizensof|tbiscouhtryasbrethren,andintendto supportthemw*&Utbvir rights, andwewill couate*shared by'tiLoununds here tfurougJiout the.SouthfAB<1ehall'thieUpipDbedissolveduooucrthan, thut,heUntitled Documentsilenthourofthenight wogaveexpressiontothormend;withoutknowingwhoaretocomposehisCabi- »•«»",• »«»««»•"•««iug wuw u s «»wis xwo nw uaw-The time and the emergency demand calmness.?* i ue nine ana uae emergency uemuna cainine»>%«r;lieve what he says are his opinions. We do not believe .what:DisunionDemocratssay arehisopinions. Wein precipUtite acts of hostility. . Ii. will bo found in the patriotism;statesmanship,andsagsuityoftheAmericwihumanbeingonthiscontinent-—thatwestillhailall frankavowaloflawful,proper,honestsentiments, responsibleforour.languageisdisreputable.Inthetheir title to the high places in the Lincoln synagogue,threats, and boasted possession of..superior numerictil be a question of time. T w o people who are thus ledstrengthoftheoneside,norbyhasty,passionate,and tohateoneanother,andstruggleagainsteachother,• ,-""/Judicialbench,areasfaraht>Vereproach.andfearinstration. ThetlorspursvvI^HUU*«u^j-,r^. allthatconcernstherights,or.&wcifa,.eofth<irsection mental;w..8deigi^edtobe-iswhatnow| nKhctt,th.ebluc-cockadesecessionistsofSouthCawbma a«couldbe foundinthe niostselectconfederationof 44needed.. A common danger and eomrron perflio-iriK to lead to common and conjoined as well as r a t h S and prorer measuies of preservnrior and s a f e M ^ Jthis he broncht about bv tn* ro , O„A ;^.^» 0rand Maryland, have already given notice that theywUl itfk follow the path, thus indicated; and the massesof the people in all the other Southern States exceptSouth Carolina, will wait for the sober, second thought.Thev will not commit the mnd folly of.precipitating , to injure him "in public estimation; which it wouldphatically t» di«rconneot the President from any and allSouth Kecause of the success of Lincoln in the recent Is is not "discourteous," u> use a very mildnhr^electron. Those w h o knew th e President's views Nay, is it not actually arrogant and InsultW toaU vrer e well aware that, h e entertained n o such senti- tempt to-'HiTcif'MVir^hia.for instance, S & a t u t Bf.cnt. But bis many personal eneniies here and else- union or Secewion rnoyement.for any cau^, without; *ing to an ignoble and despised conclusion. He cannot, part of the South on account of the election of Lincoln. nc-igh'borbood associations, t o prripriety. Noinanivaa.ham Lincoln has been, voted for by the North and not recognize if; for, if he did, he would not fear the woujd be verv thankful.to any man who.phafi'show usbranches of the Legislature will be opposed to Ijim and dividual to the Presidential chair. T o th e firm State- Rights believer and practical advocate, the FederalFrom'The Norfolk f\'e.A Herald Nov.Q.to cause anv alarm a t the South, and, indeed, the proh/. ability is that h e will, administer, the Governmenthis mad schemes. But it isvery doubtful, from present power has no danger and conveys no fear. It is the The election of Mr. Lincoln in itself is not calculatedappearances, that he will ever be President of the error of the secessionists that they argue like inhabit- United States. The probability is that before the timedespotism; instead of <itizens of free sovereign States, with strict in-partiaJity; or, if anything, be more re- virtually dissolved, and a large portion of those States having and sharing equal rights in a'Confederacy of gardful of the interest of the South than_ Southerna<'aihfct which the Abolition* w a r has been waged will have determined not to submit to bin sectional rule. A greatmanymaynot,headvocatesofsecessionp;r «c; but if they cannot, remain in the Union as equals, andPresidents usually have been; but i t is tbe^ idea which he represent"—the deap-sea*cd enmity of Southern in-lake .this decisive step.Front The Baltimore Exchange.• -Confederacy—-one of which is qiute as absurd as the wait and give his administration a fair trsd. But,ihe. results of a eatmer judgment. Tlie message of the Governor ofequa-h-States'. T h e mode of protestations in whichtheir leaders indulge does not .partake of that .temperwl i(h is ihe accompaniment of conscious equality, j It. etifutionp, which has shown itself ready to overleap is p.itched'in a key of rebuke or remonstrance, which, the barriers Of.the Constitution and trample on thehave tlieir' rights and interests respected, they •will- to one notL used to'the ebbs and HOWH of political re- . rights of the South—it is this that justly wakens theIt will he seen that the South Carolina Legislature is all time to come. Rani, rave, and grow quiet again,From The Richmond Whig.to which she is just lv entitled—among the first nations of the world, in all the. elements of prosperity and happiness.NORTH: CAROLINA.To the Breckinri.dgers.'led on by Yancey, and to the t corruptions of-the Buchunjui Administration, w e attri- bute tbe election of Lincoln, more than to ,the influ- ence of the Slavery question. Yancey and. Buchanan havedonethedeed! Wouldtheyonly"hadtomeetthesingle member to the compact, and its obligations andmay b e recognized b y every citizen. N o matter what the result of the election ha's'been, a vast deal of mis-ernment resting on such a basis would b e a s unstable. chief has already been paused b y the threats, in a cer-Repnbfiean crusade against the South as incompauble'<similar remarks eiui •msm •&«£ •"•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069..-.- •'.,___www.fultonhistory.com 