 rIand you know this reality circumstances aud family What hypocrisy, dishonoring to God! What suffering considerations brought me; and you know from the • have I caused this man, assigned to me alone, since that day of that marriage I was "silent. Per when body day on which I first in him recognized myself! and soul were in this, at last, both gone, I resolved to It seems so long ago; it seems far longer to me than bear all patiently and submissively—to act and be theand he, I felt, moreover, loved me, though not a. word was spoken between us. It was not his to speak, and I would have concealed from my very inmost self the fact of this love.But it could not be so forever. To maintain theform of a superiority, where none existed, became atoffspring of blood kin, children to die feebly before mocracy patched up a temporary union and ran a co-their time, or perhaps to come into the world, they, or alition State ticket, he was the Free-Soil, Barnburner Governor on the Buffalo platform, side by tide withIV•r1i •!IiThe whole scope and measure of a woman's heart and brain, and the whole purpose of her being, is love; 'What I shall write to you will not be to cast a doubt | and her whole knowledge forces itself into one inquirv:AB I said at first, dear, I have no misgivings about will have seen ere this. They are strong, clear, ex hut-band's ears the set tunes for the piano, utterly un- joy of life have sunk away into eternal despair beneath the sincerity of your affection for me, under any plicit. As they were read, one by One, those denounc-,.'tion, but to fulfill what 1feel to be a duty toward you —to put you in possession of all that may weigh in the least degree with these at all understanding my nature, before whom you care to jnstify your steadfast attach- ment to me, though the performance of this duty, dear Er* **r, may impose upon me the revebition'of my in-most life, if, in your judgment, there will be"here presented aught of such justification, show it to them, wholly or partially, jurt as you dunk well, remember- ing that this is for your sake, not my own. My justi- fication it wbuldV be needful to make before a muchwider tribunal, for I have perpetrated an act which the whole conventional world have leagued together, in ignorance,prejudiceandhypocrisy,todenominatea crime, and I conld expect little or no sympathy from that wide bar of pubhc judgment that knows nothinglove me ? But I have thought over all this social mat- ter,1 and have asked myself if, I could have loved him better if he had not been what he was—if he had been a Member of Parliament ? Well, they had been plenty in our family—there were, among the rest, uncle Hud-when they were gone—and so underwent, beneath a conjugal yoke of continued kindness, a slow death. I entered into the life around me as an actreBs, real her- self only when away from the Btage of her action.. I became the same that other women become, who tunawrongs not onlyher who^ blindly, in its belief as right, . accepts it, but those the more for whom it is accepted. If, with your sense of duty, you were to sever the rela-tion which binds you to them, it could bring you nohappiness; its severance, as you feel, would oring atlast misery to both> for your happiness is mine. TnereTo Mr*.YourPOLITICAL.LITTI& MA.RY.i^30,000-m^ority. I :<1 of dVfest on account-1 The work of organi/' R to earnes*, while thr:' union with the Deto>.Our greatest gahi* ^ctatic districts. HeiJnstance, wheie BccnaSjj majority four vears-ng'j 1, London.#*>' ' \ ' Ri/ K^O .j******-***'•jii^WiJ^v* 'AOttPTERff CHSLISHSOCIAL~$MU&& Quaker Elopement.&&$it. J«P m^m^&^Mm^mmSS^^:^M^^Mmm'>',;•,•'•,'*..JF»»'.'- B-rt«l^~.»,> i'WM.-W-WW*«Wt>**SW••*»-» W»>*fl.«|l^*^'*MW>*-^l^;«tWlr^«Ma'lSSBSP*?TM?**j^»f it? '•,V'( *•- i»J3J* *FOIX)GY FOB VICE AND GRIMED rThisis not, and was never, true of me nor of my!in which I wasplaced, and from which apparently no &\ A moan of agony came tohis Jips. ^ . ., • ,„O0rbloody ,1would,wereitneedful to. find'iny ideal,asmy father before me, search through any situation, just *$ jparoriY IIFTS SILF^BSTIFICATION. as men dig down for jewels; and Xwould have delved to the uttermostjprofouhd for,that which I how possess. But he whon\I loved was not"so far; he was near meQwtxtjvn wfil i*unuoib«r tfve elopement of Jfcr*. Gurney, & by the permission of tbat social rawwe'have offended. k j j «f Ui« Qu*ker connection in Eogland, young, rich, accom-^ The home of bis family became established near my.surely not to contemplate death, but to fulfill the func*pliftbed, t3>« JDOUMX of one or two chUlrrn, who ln«t year lefth t ^ H m t l i lioww, widwrat to the Continent of .Europe withh*X groom. The e"»«nt c w w d » de*rp ««n>«*tion not only In En*gbttdVbvt ia tii« country where tke ftumlj U well known. In porarily with the safety of my life even—could speak AMdoesment whiok we *nbjoLa, the runaway .wife attempts to *lo me, but respectfully—respcctfally! ^He "whowas in>»*tlfy Iwr cxtoe. It l< » letter written to a female friend of 9 reality of kindred blood,: and made for; me—for-'me— JwawinKii^andf andhai hitherto bees' circulated in th*t conn- whom they paid court to, not because of the instinct txyte •pamphlet feiro. » &2t: «tj| e^ .'... , | of that blood, but because of the inarrow thrift of myput out my bands simply as a child, for I was id the living world, again, a stranger; new born, with a lifefingrr, it is plain to eec that the leader of the anpor- cbasable Hards is seeking his mortal foce, and sumo. fating his followers to vengeance. However detidUdtofwar- PAKIS, Jan. —, 1860.©jjtR;E* *•*;>Your name has beenalways on mytine and in my heart, and yon alone of all the worldkinsmen. •-•^•-| But enough of this. I might have sparedmyself thecontempt that tingles through my veins, v,• I loved him, E * •*• ,*; that was all. He becameand the children." The family at I——£Hall, too, was a weight which never ceased to .press upon my heart, and, indeed, upon my whole existence. " •."_'.of inybeing,approved his Words, his looks, his actions.He had saved me. He, as I knew him in that hour,"another form the struggle against nature to the end ?— or accept tbe creed of the roan I lovet and seek also my highest happiness in the gratification of that love,all poeeiblefiucce*sin his retributive work. I will speak of the Convention againwhen it s ^all have finished its proceedings.'% to-morrow,. ^£ The nomination of I (" best that could have > •are he'.t,a held over unhave never questioned me. I come to. you again,B*"* *,M1 have so often—as I did when We were all I did, all Xsaid, my very fife. If I say more I maywas my Btrer-gth; through him I conquered myself. I; And so I lived, but not among the living. I had my was stiODg in that final trial, as a woman only^ can be v»nich every instinct of my being approves 1Sr-RACU**, Aug. 8. *TiiZ RZSOIXTJO.VS reported to tbe Breckinridge State Convention last night, by Mr. Cobb of Butlalo, you. ^f,Cotr**poadmB04 o( TOt f<.M\c V . Pennsylvania is un<\1git every legal vote i^'October, Curtin willehUdreTj, -when you folded me trustfully in your aims —and ?ay to you: I am as I was then; and i hear you say; Tell me nothing, for 1 believe you always, and there must be no questioning between us.errr for I truly know namore, and shall never know more than this. . . , - • : : .hirer life and my outward life—what,. I doubt not, other women have had as well as this poor one at Cat- ton. I drummed, in the old school-girl way. into mystrorg—through the eoul and heart of the man who stands steadfast to himself and to her to the bitterend. He said: Even in this hour, when every hope andAnd my answer to this final question is before you and all the world. ,- <NORTfi-EAS'.upon our perfect and entire sympathy by any explana- Am I worthy of the love of him I love ? And does heobservant of the music. I dressed in the same me- your words, I can be true to my sense of right: I be- changes of life; and I feel iustas sure that you will chanical way to receive his relations, and thanked God lieve life requires.no sacrifice; IbeUeve self-sacrifice never doubt the constant, undying friendship ofing the action of the majority of the Delegates from this State to tbe Charleston aid Baltimore Conven- tions; and ratifying tho nominations of Breckinridge and Lanes,and repudiating Douglas as an*irregular nominee, and Johnson as the nominee of no Conven- tion at all, but the mere after-bhth of a epnrioos Com-of me nor of my surroundings, and which never could ,then, if he had been an elder of the meeting ? He !— be made, to comprehend my nature; or, comprehending what think you of that, E ** * ? Or my Lord Bishopk, would not even then, at this day, be prepared to ac- of Norwich—the Ix>rd.of diluted pattr nosters—was cept any argument or explanation in extenuation of he above him ? Are these the things to marry a breath- my tourse, " • i n g woman to ? Does any one think a liaison with*Tg; * * *, you remember me at fourteen; you re- the Bishop would have ennobled me ?—or the em-weiedead. •"?'':'I lived with' the memories of the founders of ourfamily—men who never sat up in the clerk's stool, and could never have claimed the benefit of clergy—men with strong arms and stalwart frames, making theirdeeds of knightly prowess known in a hundred battles —with the memories of Hugh, and Walter, and Mat- thew and John, who in the .Holy Land fought at Prince Edward's side, and rendered their red cross a terror to the Paynim. And my memory, only too tenacious, as you*know, kept each, noble form before me, with all the vividness of a present reality.ever since the advent of theWilmot Proviso at thofameue Convention held in this city thirteen years ago. ' Every county in the State ia folly represented. A largeCharleston; while the proposal not to commence a he- j gotiation.for fusion until Douglas was taken out of the canvass, was greeted with a mingled storm of laughter.-}?Carbon.SP* In Northampton, "^'yourg working Re;,/,-vice, t>y hoidiug mteviij **lrIbut»i.R do<:umera8.."-organ tlaere' now, in .ij/ b y , Wetter. Seip & Br> ''?;b«at«n o v e r gQgm 0j(]It ispast now—my living death is over. I have chosen between the universal condemnation of the world and my own sense of right; not in any sublime way, but in the simple, truthful way my nature craved. I fie down-in the evening and rise in the nx rnrng, for the first time since a child, blessing God for my existence. Nothing can- rob me of this now butopenly. 1went to him and told him of my love, of Southern tier;" Joseph C. Spencer, U. S. District At- my resolution, and of our separation. Much passedOrganization, and they who assail its infidelity strike nate ? Elizabeth Gurney and Jane Birkbeck only sur:W'ilmot moved his amendment to the Three Million New-York. They arc only partially right. Tho real bill, down through the era of the Buffalo revolt, theadoption of the Compromise measures; the passage of cause of the prostration of the once powerful party ofthe Kansas-Nebraska bill, the concoction of the Le- Tompkins, Van Baren, Wright, and Marcy, is negro- corapton Constitution, the enunciation of the Slave phobia. The disease has doubtless been aggravatedWe read,ocoksi.•r.&'•h the Ikll party—in ^ect''•^;--.•'^^vr^v^jJ:• *&^.to*^if*^***--*-:{y*^.' t+^**->t^'*W'>^my fa*.h«r—the true-repressut^tiye of the IiOrds of GcnruaiandI^eBran. - . ..} Yet such was tlje affectation, of superiority they aVways perseveredin^• ,. ,. '•'.- , • w ;<I know theworld says we who are of English lin- eage never look ec- low to find high things. jI 77mLdemnafipii; I ,awiftfliad a right to entertain''for an dfredihy a social'lawritislnotTOSsible to express that their lower thought, and weakly die. No, I had com-" Twir« have I Knight Cl»n-AJpW* (lea hi peace: but -when J come ug«in, Jcome>rlthbanner,brand,andbow, Ac leadertfaek*hi* moitai foe."jOO votes.Own., He was oft actually beside me, and separated <>»lyby that word from me] nay, he h id right to touch ' me by permiesion of thissbraaliaw—was charged tem-I Afterward succeeded,, at constantly recurriDg mter-vsls ojf.ayear: or two, many other deaths incur fam-ilies which tended to check iny1 free indulgence' ofthought, till at last my feelings settled simply into a I longed for a pleading word. One look of tenderness, ; And BOcame the final question: "sense of a.vague but awful responsibifity of a..violation and 1 should have fallen at his feet a ruined being, but j Shall the right I have aseerted to live apart from my one may distent from the principles of Gov. Dickb>^.son, and cousin Charles, and cousin Edward Buxton, from human faces to brute things for comfort. My ana <x>usmPri8cilla's husband; so, too, father had con- early passion for horses and dogs proved then my con- sented to be; and finally. Jackey himself was there, solation. I had to the full that mental nervousness and filling Walpole's chair, or at least the edge of it. which cravesallayment in action. .It would be impos- And what was it but too palpable a sham? We all sible to admire a horse more than I had always done. knew this—men and women—and we lived on it It was an instinct of my nature, just as of Landseer's, meanly, enjoying the empty honor and the empty or of old Mary Breeze's, of glorious memory; but I praises of those m truth, below us, because they so loved them now for they were BOmuch to me ! , stupidly praised us." Oh, it was so foolish, all . But when alone, immured, away from every one, I thisMemberofjParliamentpride! Iloved"Wil- livedmyfnllestfife.My•imaginationwentaway liam rather because he was not a Member of Parlia- boldly, admiringly, lovingly, to other men. They ment—at least becauee it was not bis aspiration. And were not objects of jealousy, dearE * ? *, for theyis no rule, no duty in life, buttue pursuit of happiness. THE BRECKINRIDGE STATE CONVENTION. mittee ; and rejecting all proposals for Unfon whichbraces of the elder ? .It is scarcely needful to say to you, my dear, that in the above there is not the slightest personal disrespect intended to Mr. Pelham, or any other individual being.and influential body of " outsiders " who sympathize aid cheers.with the Convention, are present, lending their counselto those of their brethren more immediately conducting . A fittieincident occurred at the reading of the resolu-tions, which I must notice. Mr. Randall, the' Presimember the time we' returned from the visit to Wy- mosdhaxo; you remember'how, repulsing the cold in- finences overcoming me in spite of myself, I dashed down in the carriage the plain bonnet they had asked we to wear that day, and stamped on it, and let all myhair Jail down upon my shoulders, and said: I am free. You remember it well. And then, at last, when the carriage reached the house, how we threw ourselves, into each other's arms, ana I had no more courage, and Seared to avow the act, telling them you Bat down on j&—and you were still; and taen how I cried all night, that Xdenied the truth of my nature—that Xwas not •VvSv ,£ * * % that day repeated itself through my fife—in every act, in the worship of God, iu my mar- riage, in the very conception of my children; audi looked forward to its last repetition only in my death.death alone. I have that treasure to a woman's heartof the love that controls her being. With it part of But will the world understand this ? Perhaps it is desires, against the law and the power, the igao- it, all of it, Is the man, free from prejudice, filled with the accident of my place and estate, that, surrounding rance'and the infidelity to human nature, of all around every noble aspiration, who is its object. Should I, I me with what pase.es by the name of power, made me me. All things great are simple. In the crusades my ask you, have preferred the reputation which 'the see its emptiness—that, uniting me to the highest ancestors adventured, tbey went a long way across the world accords to her who, yielding to its forms, be- representative of a religion in the person of a world.' It was as far as the distance between groomits proceedings.-Among the prominent persons attending as delegates cal Democrat. He was a warm advocate of the Wii-Otaiic majority waft 2,4| "for the fir*tume shTrue men are not such. A woman's instincts repeleuch forms of men. You may dress the real as meanlyas an American slave, or you may elaborate the attire: I lived with them, too, in their pastimes, in which of the counterfeit to the antipodes of tins—to pontificalrobes—and the living soul of a woman will never fail.to distinguish the false from the true.dent of the Convention, used to be a Silas Wright, radi- mot Proviso in 1847, an enthusiastic Free-Soiler inuA lican party, onr fr;*trjWhy you yourself, E * * *, would have wept your eyes out, I am sure, if I could have deliberately linked mys>lf to the lifeless purpose iu which the vitality of such beingsends. .Heisnotoneofthese.Heisaman,E**'*,whomI love. Do you wonder I love him ? It is because hei iBa man—a man, and not a hollow.make-believe.•It is so with every true woman. In her love she recognizes no distinction of position. The gods of her idolatry, like the statues of the Greeks—whether stand-achievements upon the veritable fields of blood which they had won.1 admired their splendid force, their brains not emas- culate with such education as I saw around me, nor hampered with narrow trade tricks. I wondered what work they would be about if they were living to-day. I tried to imagine how any of the family could have got down step by step, generation after generation, to studying Greek veres, or calculating per cents.Hugo alive,. I knew well,, would not be a pray- ing banker, but abroad in the free air, adventuring crusades, simply and naturally, in whatever way the time demanded, just as the man I love, sim-1 had conquered my life; this social law had achieved its triumph.When my husband reached home I was strong to do the last duty which my position imposed upon me. I knew well that; cost what it would, this must also bedone. I must five the life, to which I was bound, Chamberlin of Allegany, " t h e war-horse of the firmly upon the person who is addressing tho chair.ing in, a rough warehouse or in the Louvre—remainunchanged in the calmness of their beauty and power.We ask nothing more of them but themselves, to gazeupon them, to become intoxicated, and to die with thelove of them. Such seems to nie the man to whom, ply and naturally, and yet so irresistibly, res-between us at this horrible time; but all that was in my heart to say was just these words: I love William. Of the rest, and of what followed. I have no clear remembrance.Mr. Cobb, who reported the resolutions, stood upon torney; Wm.Tewis, a leading Democrat of Oswego; the platform near Mr. Randall. The gas was so ar-Joseph M. Lyon, who ran UrfTreasurer not long ago ranged that, in reading, he had to turn his face full on the Democratic State ticket; Gideon J. fucker, lateSecretary of State; H. K. Viele, a loading politician of upon Mr. R. Eyeingeachother, Mr. Cobb read the first resolution, which declared in-subetauce that theErie; Harvey Baldwin, an able and popular Democrat Convention had no'new pi inciplee to enunciate, aud no, of Syracuse; M. S. Myers,-the leader of the National new enemies to encounter—that they warred now, as' I only knew now that he must be gone—that life, hope, all were gone, though I remained there still that hon- that a woman can alone understand—the open avowal by the profoundest law of my nature, I yield my being. cued the sepulcher of my buried hopes and orable thing, a wife! For me, it was determined that I -should leave England for a time. I was to travel. A change of scene they prescribed for the invalid of the heart. It was always the sarae^—the same iguorance of a woman's nature and its nee*ssities. They would have me er-joy Paris, Rome. They would substitute the splendor of the Vatican for some little flower that might perchance Come from his hand should I remainDemocracy of Cayuga; N. E. Paine of Rochester, longknown as a party chief in Western New-York; Phillipthey always had done, upon the foes of the National Den.ocracy, who favored the Wilmot Proviso in 1847,son who put iiiightly off, made its meaningless char- and lady, but not further. They conquered what was They who go on'disposing of human instincts, hu- acter apparent—that, teaching me to strengthen a fam- their own by right of their nature and their belief, andFranklin Houee at Geneva; S. G. Courtney of Albany, tive Slave law in 1850, &.c. The gentlemanly biogra- for some time tbe able District-Attorney for that pher of Jefferson preserved his erect posture and flrnicomes dairy the living lie it approves ?man affections and human brains in their own. way, according to their own sense of right and wrong, s h o u l d g o f u r t h e r ; t h e y s h : u l d c h a n g e t h e i r m e e t i n g - houses and churches into monas'eries and con- vents, and watch be religious aspirations they would control by daily and nightly supervision. • Into their homes they should introduce harem espionage, that the bodily instincts, which they hold in enforced compli- ance, maynever have an opportunity to assert the truthabout themselves.Heresy and adultery, the two excommunicative-Words,which social life suspends over the doomed head of a woman who thinks and acts contrary to its rules of action, have not that full power and effect they are supposed to have. Nothing but actual physical im- prisonment of the b5dy, and, if it were possible, of the mind, can prevent a woman from becoming the secret avower of her belief and of her instincts. The excom- municative words do not restrain from either offense; they only develop that unquestionable vice of woman'sweakness, hypocrisy.The brain, when-infidel, is infidel by its own properily distinction by the unconscious sacrifice of myself to with such a struggle as every one must undergo whoat home. It seemed so much more to them.Absorbed in the contemplation of the ruins of my l i f e , I t o o k n o h e e d o f t h e s e a r r a n g e m e n t s f o r m y d e - parture, but abandoned myself a willing prey to des-vifage, but he doubtless thought tbe first resolution int h e s e r i e s a p r o d i g i o u s l y l o n g o n e ! E v e r y e y o i n t h e G. Bryan, one of the influential young men of the Na- vast hall was turned full upon this tableau. Some bit tional wing of the party in Western New-York; W. their lips, some smiled, Borne looked blank, and allhim in whose control I had been somehow left, taught m e t o q u e s t i o n i f i t w e r e r i g h t , a n d a t l a s t t o r i s e a b o v e and throw off the chains of ah unnatural compliance.My intercourse .and secret correspondence with you from my early girlhood taught you how wayward, how passionate I was; and those letters are so much a part of me that I cannot write anything again as ijhey were written. 'You have..preserved them; read them again,even to the days that followed my unnatural blood-kin a family holding all these foolish theories that depriveC . L . G r a n t , a n a c t i v e D e m o c r a t o f " T o m p k i n s ; W m .union and its resulte.Blood kin union it was. Intermarriage always. There was the marriage of my husband's uncle Johnwith my aunt Elizabeth, first cousins.Blood-kin union of my husband's father and mother, and talk with men and women as such without shrink-third cousins. ing from them as heterodox, or loving them as ortho- Intennarriage of my husband's uncle, Henry Birk- dox too well—one who could listen to music and find itbeck, with Jane Gurney, third cousins.Intermarriage of vay husband's father with MaryFowler, cousin of his first wife.Is it strange that such unions should prove unfortupleasant to the ear, and not be exercised whether God intended it should be agreeable—who could contemplate a picture not as an engine of the devil, but a work of art—one who could enjoy all delights as requirements of nature, and not as subjects of a deep concern. Inme to the verge of social destruction. I had re- nounced it.. I bad blindly followed for years a path of duty which had degraded every instinct of my nature to its last measure of degradation.I could feel no more—I reasoned.The meaning of the life I was about to enter upon was now distinctly before me. What it appeared to me, I well knew it was, in very reality, for I was now freed from my love. I had sacrificed all for duty. I could gee now to what the blind obedience of thatduty had led me. What I was I now knew.familiar with the politics of New-York since the and the Secretary of the Soft Committee. The speakers Slavery issue agitated its politics, that the gentlemenassembled here to-day are faithful representatives of seemed disposed to regard the manner in which Rich-seighboring, Ccunty ffKends there conlid^:.!"; ,;to Philadelphia, yora-:'thatihc- Democrarg tv-u;ity of 7,000 in 1866, anvainly at the God.who made it, and implanted it in vived their marriages a year. Jane Gurney, my hus-' Mr. Taylor I found such a man. He looked upon all ,«very new-born BOUI; the body, when infidel to the band's mother, lived but four or five years of marriage these things as,indeed. I aiso'eaw them'; but with him connection in which it is placed, is so by its own proper life. .'." * '• it was not a matter which, cost him questioning. He knew it all without thought, and without education, as wise, at a law of its creation. tha, was the anomaly of father and daughter marrying• they call it. He lived in the intuitive knowledge of it.. very stlect party. No this section of the Sta it in & new*pap*r) v*'Constitctiomd XTi^:-Shippcn," fird our iw\^ ;Buck« by •*Mark Muni v we esc^ruiined the Jaqreeide'iii IMkicelphLi bus rcteiveo the *t'rut believe in the 1st Di*tt ward Shipi>eu are certi —Ti.e Political TextGreeley and J. X\ Cieadopted by each of th< ^ I vestiens that hive beoainstincts, and they who attempt to control it strike, like- There, too, in the case of grandfather and aunt Aga-m ii&? .j-? mitted no crime that I should diejinor were my past infant suchanises? Could Idareexperience,an.in-' lifewithinfife,-the.innermost,thelast* ;Vo&*££• 1etinckdfavoreion t J Had I a right to say I had been iXhave broughty on to me, I said, because A can see , misfortunes a reason why I should voluntarily impose—side by side with the Black Prince, in the eyes oftheir sovereign, and their gracious mistress, his QueenPhillippa, at the tournaments, held on the very spotswhere I daily rode—they mimicked , their glorious of agony, and we parted, as 1 believed, forever.A. Gieen, jr., Chairman of the State Committee; John C. Mather, formerly Canal Commissioner and State Senator: Israel F , Hatch, recently member of Con-liesteemed not quitelaw in 1850—in fine, was an uncompromising Barn- burner from the earliest days when that political desig-'• pizyrity in 185<), WSJ< ."-PikeCoaDty T'bt-i:,,undertakes the assertion of his right against social law. T h e y c o n q u e r e d t h e i r s a s h e d i d a l s o h i s o w n ; a n d does not his seem an act like-or nobler than theirs ? Is the rescue of a dead body a worthier act than the res-cue of a living soul ?County; John B. Higgins, the Collector of Oswego;It was not so hard a conquest. My requirements were.simple and natural. I was surrounded by every-itself, I arose a new being. -Prom that moment 1 was myself. I had drivenH. Cuyler, an energetic politician of Wayne; Carlos Cobb of Erie, long and honorably connected with thea living man, free from the education and influences ofceived from his lips the last sacrifice a man can offer to \ the woman he loves—the abnegation of himself for her happiness; and. I declare before Heaven that it was my resolve to do what Xthought right, though it cost me my life; for I had nothing now to live for.equally influential in the political contests of their sev- eral localities, but whose names would swell this list beyond reasoiable dimensions.Cagger, and their Soft associates, on previous commit- tees, received a wholesome airing. Mr. McMahon of Albany, tbe Secretary of the Hard Committee, and a lawyer'and an Irishman, was particularly severe uponus of tne real enjoyments of life—one who could lookupon water as water, and drink it without a homily—look upon food not as a subject of prayer, but of masti-cation—enjoy the sunshine and air as sunshine and air,, I had long followed blindly a passion that broughtThe names above-mentioned, will satisfy everybody his brother Cagger, aleo a Uwyer and an Irishman, gides that both cou'.My soul was clear from hypocrisy—there was notIn the interchange of kindred thoughts about these any lie upon it now. I had confessed all. My very' code dogma in the Jeff. Davis Senatorial resolutions,quacks at Albany. The effort now making to crush found myself craving every word he spoke. I found gone, as well by his will aa my own, forever. propaganda at Charleston and Baltimore. Whoever them out will, if tho insurgents enter into no compro-about a woman—the only reliable thing about her? Then came the maniage of Catharine Gurney with his presence, which took me back to the men of my an- What had I acHbrapLshed ? I had preserved the else has shown variableness or shadow of turning (with mise with them, be ultimately effectual. '•When will narrow-minded, bigoted men learn that sister and brother.thiDgs we lived day by day, until, unconsciously, Ithe one absolute, controlling law of a woman's nature There was the marriage of my husband's cousinis love—that it is the only good and desirable thing Henry with Jane Birkbeck, his second cousin.the time makes it; it seems as if an eternity had rolled backward to that day.Oh, X had questionings of right and wrong in that . fathomless interval of despair, far other, far deeper, than'all I had been taught or could be taught by their lips—-questionings that brought me to the very brink ofdeath.Why should I have loved him ? Why do I lovehim 7 What is it I love in him ? All this I have askedmyself a thousand times, and there has never been, can never be, an answer to all this questioning.lie to the last, indeed, as years wore on, it becametheir children, deformed, or dumb, or blind, or imbecile.I, who was perfect myself, and formed to receive and candidate for Secretary of State, and was elected. transmit the sacred treasure of a new life, was to be- Until a few years past he was always identified with come voluntarily the matricide of the more perfect con- that section of the party. What has wrought thisceptions which should be mine. change in his mind, wheiher his sojourn in Virginia Better, in the agony of that thought, I said, betterdeath than this—better Belf-immolation of body and while gathering materials for liis admirable biographysoul; it wCrefar lots a crime. of Jefferson, and his extensive correspondence withAnd then, shndderiug with horror upon the brink to Southern gentlemen during tho time he was engaged onwhich duty had led me, I supplicated my soul implor-Van Buren, twelve years ago. No higher proof of the soundne88, the adamantine texture, of the Convention, can be adduced, than the fact tbat the entire vote of tho body for Governor was distributed among such names as those of Brady, O'Conor, and Greene C. Bronson.paramour,life was laid open jo my heart's core. My love was to the recent secession of the disciples of the Slavery Then Kachel with Thomas Buxton, another pair of myself for the firstiime beneath an influence of love. . my husband and the reputation of his children. And the.exceptions noted); they have not. No night hasThey can trust her, with her love, to live in a house of her first cousin. Edward Buxton. cestral pride, a necessity of my life, and, at last, 1 felt chaf-te name of wife. I had preserved the honor ofLast evening when the name of James T: Brady was incidentally mentioned for Governor, and again to-day while taking tho ballot, the Convention was all alive with enthusiasm. Charles 0'Conor's name also elicited cheers, but in a subdued degree. When some delegate ventured to suggest Gen. John A. DLx forths Gubernatorial office, the applause was faint, being con-prostitution; they cannot control her, without it, by the most absolute, social ostracism.And ti»is love, what is it 1 It is a power present al- *ways in' the world, which, recognized by two like na- tures, thenceforth binds them to each othar, beyond the control, and in violation, if need be, of any other law— as my mother's love bound her to my father, and my father's love bound him to her, and gave me my being —a being cradled in the tonddreet, truest passionthat ever existedbetween two hunan beings.- How long have I been in ascertaining and yielding myself up to this divine law! What wasted years! What subjections derogatory to the vilest nature!first cdusins- The night that followed this discovery, when I kneltAbout a year thencc; after the interesting grief on down by my bedside, h's image stood between me and hi8partat the death of his aunt Pry, our uncle Buxton, the far-off height on. which my subjected brain had and his old BalJs, John Henry brought about hie mar- placed God.riage with me, both of us the great grandchildren of And when I saw him there, I struggled, as I had the same pabr—I, a thoughtless girl then staying at been led to believe was duty, to dash do wh the image Earlham, and he nearly twice my age. But I don't that stood at once in the way of my human vows and blame them. Heaven knows their ignorance of my in the very presence of the stein, methodical God of nature, and the utter want of congeniility in every- their education.there to give life to offspring created in my own degra- a master workman upon that famous structure the "Xon know the ideal n y heart and passions craved, Yes, dear E * * *, 1 loved him almost before I knew it; dation, in violation of my will and nature, the effete Buffalo Platform in 1848; and in 1849, when the De-thing between his and the. Yet there it stood, andthere it must, stand forever.every fiber of my body shrunk with abhorrence. I waswhom Dix is now one, and hero and there aa old Barnburner scattered through tbo hall, of which type of politicians Dix was once a model man—running foralmost my nature. I lost my inner light, as they say. last an impossibility. We loved,- and the expressionXbecame a woman to look down from my social posi- of it I foresaw could no longer be controlled by either,tior and dwell in the proprieties forever. and so it came first from my lips. He was ridiag be-There was then but one hope for me, and that hope side me, and did not reply to me. He said, out into thewas based upon the fact tbat I could not write to you. air, into the heavens: God has given me too great a The pure, simple instincts of my girlhood, the ungrati- joy. Then he turned to me and said: I have loved you fiei passions, the real intelligence, lingered in me still. from the first day I saw you.. I lovedTyou because IThe debate upon the subject, of "fueion" was suffi- D. Collins; C. M. Bingly for light, as I asked myself the great question: I dared not write to you—to you, who knew me so felt it was my destiny;' other than this I know not Does any law of God sanction, shall any law of manthat work, or whether it was the characteristic letterof Macaulay to him, depicting the evil tendencies ofradicalism in glowing terms, is not known to tho pub-lic. But, BOitia. Mr. Randall, the radical Democratof the school of Silas Wright, and tho Frec-Soiler of the general sentiment of the Convention. Hot, 1848, has, in his maturer years, become a conserva-well, I dared not confess what my fife had become. why; I only know I loved you.Yet more—I still had faith in my nature, because I Dear'E # * *, he was so beautiful, so noble then, inhave the power to continue, the bond of marriage where no love exists ?had faith over all when I first shrunk from the compli- ing unconsciously. When I came to myself I was rest- shall at last'come to understand.Thus was 1 at once and forever severed from allfeltl wag silently degradiog the crowning act of my the expression of .that love so long concealed. TheYet Xsay now to you: Why should I not love him TW h a t is there not to love in him t My heart only an-swers: What is there in me that I should be loved, thatXshould know that ioy which in its tiniest moment ance with my vow, and when I prayed its living fruit ing on his bosom, confident of its strength as of a makes all years of other time a mockery 1 might be in "her image and not in rnine. . I felt then the breastplate of iron, though I saw his eyes dim withAnd I answered it, as my children, if they inherit mother's life by my weak and unnatural submission. I .earth whirled around me, and his arm caught me fall- aught of my nature, shall at last approve, as the worldthere being a half dozen tenacious or timid men who were determined to seem to conciliate the Dooglasites, they held on until the Convention finally eent the subject to the State Committee, to b* acted upon if they see fit, but with instructions never to open any negotiation except, upon the basis of the rceolutions of tho Convention, which, iK -vyll be re- collected, demand the withdrawal of Dougla« from the canvaae!' Add to this the fact that the Staw Com- mittee is to a man opposed to every semblance of unioa with the supporters of Douglas, except, he be first taken out of the field, and I need hardly Bay that tbi» Convention has obliterated tbe last ray of hope for a union of the Democracy of New-York upon a «ngk Electoral ticket this year. No one who lisvmod to the debate on this point could doubt that the heart of ti» Convention beat steadily and warmly against all prop- ositions for union. The Breckinridge men foel that their only exemption from contamioation consistsfa keeping Richmond, Cagger, Ludlow, aud their con- federates at arm's length. And they will do it > Thisformer relations and left alone in the world.I write these last words quietly, here at my writing nightly forever. Thus year after year passed away, and thus should I We rode homeward injsilence. There was a beauty desk; but that inquisition of my brain, it was terrible And yet there is one reason, they say, why I should have lived and died; but I saw him, I heard his voice. in the very stones beneath our feet. The wayside —more terrible even than the death I had accepted innot have loved him—one word there is which the I learned daiiy his thoughts, I revelled in his nature ! flowers had an odor too exquisite to the sense. The parting from him.tive, and now cordially supports Breckinridge and the ultra dograaa of the Calhoun school of politicians. He was a sincere supporter of Mr. Dickinson at. Charles- ton and Baltimore, and one of tho fifteen or eighteen men in the delegation who would not become a party to one of the basest cheats in the annals of political chicane.Another notable exception is Col. John L. Dox ofGeneva. He was, in old party timea, a Whig—nevera radical Whig, but alway8 a conservative, siding withFillmore, Granger, Barnard, and ihe men of that type.He held an important po8t under President Fillmore;and after the Whig party went to pieces, he acted withthe Americans. Iii the Assembly of 1850, Col. Dox—the compromise measures then being before Congress—introduced a series of resolutions on the S'avery quostion, which, though- not quits up to the high-watermark of the Wilmot Proviso, would now-a-days causetheir author to be ranked about half way betweenAnd these questions do we ask each other daily and force of nature * * * * ' * * * tears.'World places as an impassable barrier - between us—a Then I wrote t:> you again f my faith had become a air and sky were filled with an influence too beautiful word that has never crossed my lips till now—a mean- living power; I began a new life. for earth. I was very, very happy. Could this'feel-ingless word, and yet involving in their eyes a crime Then came the fall, as ever before. The influence ofas great as that adultery which X commit—just as social restraint was too terrible,' and I sunk back -as I ing have rested in me, 1 had been content—faithful to .swept the world, though, beneath her feet.great, for both are equally meaningless as touching our did that day when we were children. This la9t asser- my diityyas I had been taught—to have lived ever so. tion and denial of my nature brought me to the verge ,But my heart was now craving constantly the repeti-relation.. tion oi that moment. It could not be satisfied but in And that word expresses the social position he bore of death, but it brought me to reason also; and then, his presence. Hitherto patient only under a sense ofThere was grief in that family; when I became in that decision mveell'' and stood a stranger among them; when the social fabric, his children, tneir father, false pride, conventional position—all had overthrow; when my mother's wrongs had. revenge, and my father's love had justification, in the child of his fife-wrongedtoe. Bather than have been his lawful wife eveu, I might have been a king's mistress, or any nobleman'san altered being, weak and broken down, I rose, and with"one fearful, silent struggle, that our sex's nature alone can know, I was forever free ! Ohj the revela- tion of that hour ! life seemed in a moment no longerwrong, I now began to be agitated by a passion in which every feeling of. my life had"centered.1with less offense.And I, who was the reputable bawd of marriageIt is not necessary to recoup all the conflicts which it rites, was I above him 1 X, a daily offense against de- hard and difficult. Its relations were simple, its pas- brought tome, nor to trace the. way in which my noblerwifel - 'i .. .cency in obedience to the same social law that would have forced him to lifelong humility? Was I above him? Bow? In what way? I,sunk,intheabasementofsions legitimate, its love sopreme. nature^sunk gradually before• the threatened penalty But let me narrate to you how I awakened to the of social destruction; it is' enough'.to say that I was reality of my position, my after experience, and how borne by it to the decision wl4ch involved my destiny,But their grief was joy to the agony of calm in which I made that decision.Not a tear came to my eye when I told it them; not a pulse stirred in ray breast. How inconceivable to them all this agony.My husband was even still solicitous to preserve the form of a union, now no longer possible in reality. One of those formality doctors of the soul was sent for—his uncle Francis. 01 after all the agony I had passed through, I might have been spared tue sight of one of those whose words had sanctioned and stamped upon me, as if by the authority of God, all this misery.toy own weak unnatural compliance, below the veriest at last I had the strength to accomr. fish my emanci- and I yielded to the social law for the'last time, be-nameless outcast ? Could 1 be above anything ? Was pation. • • 'he not at least my peer? He, who, it we leave too The first few months of my married life I was trulycause I had not yet come to that point at which a woman, driven to the very presence of death by the piesaure of a false relation, thinks at last for herself,such vapid questions of distinction, Is Hyperion to a not happy; but I cannot speak of that period as one ofSatyr compared in person with me—short, fat, little unhappinees. Indeed, durinc- the whole Spring, I did and hesitatesno longer how to shape her course^ shouldDouglasiBiri and Republicanism. However, Col. Doxhas a logical head and a afftrageous heart. He thinks contest is for tho control of the party in the future. Itbody thatl am ! not fully realize what that covenant means that dis- even the remaining wreck of her life be dashed to 1 have silently asked myself in his arms, when I poses finallv of the life of a woman, and that, to'o, at destruction.is a life and death struggle. Neither wiog of the com- manlineBs to go straightforward to it. He has some batantswin proclaim a truce, or show quarter. A»iaa time before the* meaning of her nature consciously Last Autumn I began to feel myself breaking down.clearly, sees the goal at which he aims, and has thorespect for Republicanism, because it* action is a logi- 1848 aa<l 1853, it ia WAR, open and uncompromisingdared not soil our lips with their utterance, about these asserts itself. The novelty of the change, the new in- I could live thus no longer. When the time came we: words—groom and.adulterer. Yet well 1 knew that terests arising, the necessity to be a wife—all these usually went to London, a while before the openingBut how weak and idle to me were his words about theological sin and social infamy. They fell on mv ear, inconstant repetition, meaningless as the dropping ofthey had no relation to our love—that they were but feelings and emotions shut out myself from myself. of Parliament, I felt that the crisis had come. If IWAKtcal deduction from its premisea. He h u only contemptfor Dooglaaiem, because, admitting the premises of theSlavery X^opagandists, it dodges the legitimate conclu- Dickinson appeared in the hall. He was welcomed• words—that a true soul no social contamination defiles And so it went on, month after month, in which 1 can- went down with my husband in any hope of escapingThe proceedings, of the . Convention being over, Ur- with some formal expression of pious horror, when X sion; while Breckinridgism bravely walksright up to witiitho heartiest enthusiasm. As his *ilv«r locksap-' ©r degrades—that nobility unrecognized and virtue an | outcast^ wherever placed, are eternally the gam a.not reca'l anything that awakened me fully to the reality of my position.the feelings tbat were mastering me, I knew well thathe beads of a rosary.He told me I was imperiling my soul, and he left meon my return this life of patsion would only re- example of my own true-hearted mother, had taught But, E * , it was ordered In my life that it should commence at sight of its object;. If I remainedI had learned these lessons from a parent's lips. The*.* Lincoln w ill novor b 1 will never be elected,Stephen A . Douglan,tional Unicn Democratwill be elected by tlt«e.*uniownm will be »vt ssA-ed."—^AtaRepuUlicau 0hamtoa on the Tth.. iClark were elected uely^ . J. Hopkins, W..C.Ksttell, t\ere electedConvention (XXIst 1>1 * : . —Mr. M. W . Ch^V-^^>ore oi 27JC M<»q,\< I *metius. My own fife had been given me iu violation come, and it came. A simple incident defined to me alone, I believed 1 had s^ength to put it from me—L told him I would willingly incur that risk.of society's teachings. the meaning of my vow. - believed I could part with hini, il for the days or And now I was alone in the world—my life still be- Uoble-hearted woman! who could say (I their child, Among our visits to Earlham was one we made on weeks that would lollow, after I had left him. 1 might fore me—severed from every living relation—to beit, with a Bort of devil-may-care air, which pleases a peared above the crowd upon the platform, the welkwsaid the only one that blessed at last their union, nearly the first day of the following Autumn. I remember the meet no other gaze than God's—if I'might exhaust the lived or ended; What how connections muBt I assume 1 Breckinridge with all bis heaxt. And, when the trialdate and the appearance of the country well. I shall despair that I well knew would follow in silence. from you nothing; I have sacrificed all at the altar of n*yer forget either. The fields were undulating with I remained, therefore, at home.a year old then): Eichard Gurney, X have withholdenlove—even nry httle Marian—yet I ask no formal bond their golden grain. Costessy Park was in its fullest 1 was not deceived in myself. The artificial being In thoBe past ages tho convent doors would have The Convention is terribly in earnest. It looks to Chairman of a Committee that introduced him to an-of union in >etorn; I care not for it. What I had verdure. Everything seemed rejoicing in the coming they had created of me was strong euouga to assert when our little one's life began—what Xhave now— harvest—the happy maternity of earth. And so we itself and to sacrifice the love that lay in my heart's what I .know nothing dan deprive me of now—your reached Earlham. depths—but not till the last moment. It was only love-^contents me. And he as' nobly answered: Not The first object! saw was Anna's child. Itimpressad upon the very brink of my husband's return, that,for the sake of it, Mary, for it will, have but little ae~ me profoundly. 1 took him inmy arms, aud as I looked arousing myself from the brief dream of happiness at him everything grew dark about me. I had been be- into which, Becure in his absence, I had weakly fallen, ksowledgment from my kindred or the world; bnt for fore the toy of a ceremony; I was now a conscious I covild summon the energy to take the draught of the p?£de of the open avowal, and for the sake of oar wife. Beautiful lawn and woodland, summer breezes, agoby which, I believed, the hand of duty had pre-other Couveeaticn, silting hi another hall, in this city, future. "Fusion," "coaii.ion," are scouted by the which also welcomed him with plaudits. But howfitfcle *pri, Xmarry you* kindness, marriage rites even, what can they avail J&frftUs Jove, so true, so selWtnmolatiug, met, as he against the first awakening consciousness of a crimeiu*icjpst«d. wfckjftO awrobation from his tomily. You against nature ? • -pared for inc.Buo further delay was now impossible; ;I had him come to me. My heart was like a cupsleep forever.. But I was too calm for the rashness of this acWtoo strong. If they, who retired to the cloister from a sense of a superstitions duty, willingly endured its bur- den, I, with larger intelligence, could not sink beneathdteds to-day the battle-cry he rung out at the CooperOREGON. "*".,,resasaber how mf husband, as an especial favor, asked I was wholly without sympathy; there were none overrunning; my grief knew no expression. He was Miss , and would solicit the men bers of his fam- around me to understand me . If I had spoken my before me, at my feet. I cannot describe—no one fkj} to accompany me to see my mother—a woman as j thought the very air would have been filled with con- dares acknowledge what passes between lovore, sun- Jar above them all in every instinct of her sJM\as wasnificant slogan which Scott puts into the mouth of Fitz- CorwMpoodenoe of The N.?Y. Tribune>:$>m:tmmmmmmam^dt^tttasia&ih£s^Stflgfc-' **''Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069gone; /hiseyes were, dim; the despair that was.nimechanced his fare to stone. ._> -~ 1from my bond. 1 was dead to all past relations andthen beguiled him into their treacherous ambush, under the guise of friendship; and subsequently betrayed ^viewwhichIrecall,butitmattersnotnowshouldbe repeated. Our lives express them more clenriv than words.' Heepoke of the false relation which he had gradually been led to,assume and into the continuance,of which our passion had held him day by day.• I hnew well, he said, it should long ago have been terminated; but I knew not then, as now;, thecontrol- ii g power that has kept me by you until this hour. I believed, first, that I might love you, and that you might remain forever unconscious of.my love.* And BO1 lived till this was impossible. And then my lifebecame one eternal delay of hope, enduring all to this las'measure of despair. It could'not be otherwise. I believed from day to day that you would see clearly, as 1 saw, the right, and so it might at last end. It is over now! My life is over. My lot is hopeless, end- less misery. I accept it for your sake—for the memory of our love. . ..Ithinkwe.willbe ^however, cannot be-is* „,., exceed 5,000. The conThen my life, my very souL met his in one long kiss^800 votes. The D granttd; will .be. a* ^-County the Repah::.,,/while the L'emc<;rath n "' <JIy carried the Cot;--.go R«publi<AD -by •• .r>counly—in 185Gg*ve ,ritj. .Lincoln will lia ^bmed vote of Bre<rkiago we cairied the -2tM). Last Ttar, IN". stronger tfcun atiinjfon^ht dtrisperately, 'county by ap avtrr^jeSince biet year we iaxi %o doubt we will carry jOn Tuesday next ii. trict Ccnverjion of h roe County, on whk Governor, wid be he; will then probably"are Dr. D. K. Snoeu-t. ,,mick a very hard cha *a H . D. Maxweii, ChM. iSamuel Yohe of Ea.-' * s e e k a n ^ n - i i n a t i o n , n< dutj ii neniiiiatxd. jelect.y'/ Sorau^h for Use •jover'whelmieg Dem•• * ,*from.In B^rks County, froj be nt arly or quite ;vs frierds rhere are qtr.te B lijonfj Kill fa'I'beiow.'Democ/atic majority wa same in Bucks Countypair.When the full measure of my grief had exhausted1MfflJiam 'BKWPWBjWWjP"'!'"•"•»" "'"'i*""'''" "'new pneVupon myflife to come. I -knew I wastortho" world to live. Vigorof body of mind, passiohs, de- sires, reason, slLthat, goes to make up a human soul,i For I had absolutely died in that decision to live freeii»g wore off somewhat in the routine, and in the neces-sities of nmrritd life—for hia father's death, occurring 1 looked on him immovably; I could say to him: vye, connections. I was dead to the social world aroundsVrtly after, you remember, involved maiiy changes must part forever. I could repeat again.the phrases,ot mo, as if Xhadnever lived before. The consciousnessapd responsibfiirtesj which turned, in a measure, for a sociallife: There can be no honorable recognition of of my identity was gone. . Every eye rested strangely him at Charleston and Baltimore. As the old cbfef'ain>violated—that"! was what all women loathe ?you no longer—I am dying. r?^<*t ! My God, it seemed to me then as .if my heartSyracuse is the glen^ where tb^.S^ft Clao-Alpir^ ^ ! way laid and ensnared, and then insulted and motiUteW Dickinson, one year ago. He< is here to-day, ara^d | fromtoptotoe,proclaiming:.war)uncompronusfogt^r*« against the robber chiefs of the Albany Regency who; . ^ * ) not know ^ a l candid '-jjCoch depenci ^1, iastnow w< 'A /^PppomiontorX o f cr«ef'- m * ^ °P *^•joriiy in tbe Be? p«itber can Dehv/<,, .{I could not understand it.; yet there ii remained, a;break—as if 1 should go mad 1.% ;< ; ..i ; x-tHelookedupatme;..theintelligenceofhigface was tionsoflife-—ofanewlife-: ;' &'?*.'••/>:.v<•-••-"-.V'•/'.fict of my nature, a&8ertirjg. itself against the conditionI herein the fun" tide'of'existence;"and 1^was heroekrthjypowerexistedtoreleaseme. , "• 'v : I returned to,Barton an altered being; but this feel1seemed relieved when the final period was reached. On the motion to appoint a State Committee, a racy thing unreal and artificial. I demanded the society of. every hope, every feeling, from my heart. I had re canal interest, and a score or two of other gentlemen debate arose. The maladministration of Richmond,to do it, I was beneath his roof, and was about to sub- been so dark and murky, during these stormy years, mit myself to his embraces without love. that every one of them has not been at his post bravingPor these considerations of honor and reputation, I the elements of " sectional agitation," and ready to go was about to lead voluntarily a life of prostitution, die-tinguished from it only by the social fiction of a name, wherever the Southern pilot commanded.and 1 felt myself more degraded for all tbis honorable But there are exceptions. Prominent among themBut my decision was made, and I was calm then.I knew in that moment the rest of a fearful struggleof the brain—the poor, weak brain of a woman—thatM.tihve,.the current bl my"though s. \ . ,>. . ,., .' our love—its open avowal will bring disgrace to ray upon nie. I was as a child new born. I would have waves biaailver locks, and points v^itJblisftigriLa^w* % fact SenattfrB. Stelected. » - The crope in Orr% rfoot to ship wheat t ' yre shall send you v>;husband and odium Upon my children.. m ^. ' And how did he reply to mc 1 ShallI confess, even there, in that hour of my strenfith,: my utter weakness!in perfect maturity.of the sociallaw. ,.• V / ' *i ruined in the.acknowledgment atfd utter abandon oi husband be followed by cutting off every desire, by : You must recall the constant distress, and trouble ^Weil he knew all this'; but in that crisis he was true mairirig or concealing every beauty, by devoting the into which we were all plunged Vby the successive to himBelf, and to me; and when he ceased,speaking, I remainder of a life, already cursed by an involuntary deaths of his sister Anna, his aunt Catharine,,niy father was again strong. My head, my heart, every instinct indiscretion of youth, to asceticism, and eo continue inson, he cannot, if he respects honor aud f*i -dealing;^ gtffihr wheat into thr. i and admires pluck and manly cmrage, but wish hurt -Mine can alone be purchased now at the cost of your own, and that is mine. We must part, then, forever!The utter despair . of these words can never leave my heart.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune..•••-••#did not begin by withdrawirg Douglas unconditionallyfrom the field, were received with enthusiastic cheers.\' SYRACUSE, Aug. 7, I860* of Breckinridge and Lane, which asBembled hero to-The National Democratic State Convention in favor When the resolution was adopted approving the nom-ination of Breckinridge and Lane, the whole Conven- :• entialmembersoftheparty.Withafewnotable waved"hatsaudhandkerchiefs,andshoutedlikeCom-fThere were many things he said in this last inter- day, is composed of many of the oldest and most influ- tion, and the entire body of spectators, row, and j S we *riH or will not b^that wing of the Democracy which has always been " sound" on the negro question from 1847, when Mr.mond and Cagger had "run" the State Committee, in times gone by, as the leading cause of the present dis- rupted and dilapidated condition of the Democracy ofLave earned it in IhCz a] 1hire than she who accepts her paltry dole in the streets. stands the distinguished President of tho Convention.I was, moreover, about to fulfilfunctions from which Mr. Randall was a Wilmot Proviso advocate in 1847; fined chiefly to the Federal officials in attendance, of,—There was a glonoc Troy on Tuesday evtuir and addresses were ntf4ind the Hon. Thomat J5 _P . li. liathboce audi choten delegates to the \ tion from Cfcecango, t reuce, Hid Disuict, CW Crary are to be sent, j Assembly District, Ar<3straight-out man like Col. Dox; and so he goes forrang again and again. Mr. Randall cordially s*^^jbim, and presented him to the excited auditory. ^*nTUnaipported, helpless, alone, where should I ml day comes, thousands of men of his political anteced- present lemembercd, as he stepped forward to addressWhat muBt I do ? ° been open to me; but myintelligence, the intelligenceents will emulate his example. Mark the prediction! the throng, that just about a year ago Mr. Randall wasUntitled Documentthe future, and go acts in the present as to control thatwhole body of delegates. Mr. Dickinson, bland aud different was the occasion then and now! Then be9i the very age in which I lived, forbade me the immo- lation of ray living body and my free soul.And then came to me again the idea of suicide.I did not aliiink from this thought superstitiouflly, asfearing to rush unbidden into tho presence of theoffended deities. I had no auch thoughts It 'meanttome only r€Bt fromtiiis great burden and weoxineBsbf counsel and caution, to see that he is cmbodviug in and was to-day himself again. lift-r-to lie down and sleep while it was yet day—towas in the house of his ancient eacmiec. Now he was watch him as ho moves among his old friends, giving at home with his life-long friends. He felt the change,genial, as usual, is also in earnest. , One has but toInstitute a few weeks since, when he quoted the sig-James, when confronting Iloderick Dhu in the wilds of the Highlands:/i'i, PORTLAND, Oregon, June 31, i860. A great deal of good ooukt be done here by a supplyid* •xaexceptions, itis made up of men who have battledagainst the Free-Soil and Soft wjlngs of the Democracy plause at, the denunciation of the Soft Delegates to•* " district are Northamttof the Assembly; Gen. Fred. Follett, lato Canal Cornmissioier; ElishaB. Smith, one of the moat influentialpoliticians in the Chenango Valley; Gen, Calvin T. and has the good parliamentary sense to fix his eyeW. Engs of your-city; A. B. Getty, the Postmaster ofOswego; M. H. Mandeville, the popular host of the and the Buffalo platform in 1818, and opposed the Fugi*anches in battle. Hardly less stunning was the ap- ,;or advisers are Daniel S. Dickinson, Collector Schell,HeniyB. Randall, the biographer of Jefferson; John 1848, standing squarely upon the Buffalo platform, waj ':x Curtiii will be beace:gress from Erie; Thomas G. Alvord, formerly Speaker nation arose, down to the termination of his service assound" upon the Fugitive Slave;r; ,«littie, if any headvea^jSecretary of State, at the close of the year 1833, and perhaps still later. As a presiding officer, fie sits erect,.by the prescriptions and the proscriptions of the Softcient to elicit the fact that the entire body was hostil« to it. At first it was unconditionally voted cbwn by a majority of 6 or 8 to 1. It was then introduced in a rhodified form, and was etill di«:ounteninc9d byaiternaus.—<>n Saturday enths tbe Republicans of l>eh ryville. The attencan On Monday evening a:*t Bethlehem, in tbe s*—Henry P . West, alternate to the P-c elected by the TauiBmeeting held at Vyt "Wedi-eed;*y evening."—The Republican's < in go<doarneet. T;.o Awuko club on S&turti enthoeiaem prevuih I. warn " a t Ueueuco. w! for dtcicaiion next w< good account of her K—A giand Republic MoadaV evtuhikr, Aug Pulton chartered a>p« tiiey numbered *2«X o<i A.wakea.met them a through the city to tht Med—some 8,000- \vsRemy Wi!eoD. U. s.; the Ilou. J. K. Vitttoo-r-Tbe Republicans izen a fi^riahing \\ id —Mr. J. A. Scow Southern Confederate- will never be dissolveOf Campaign publication*.There are so means ex W... .« www.fultonhistory.com 