 THX METHODIST C0MFEE8HCES. fUXm Daft Pre*eetUwgsof the Hew YorkafettweUst C««f*reace—OUeaiiwa «• ttieUnwary <t.u*stttm Kasuuted—<4pe«eUes( f I U T . M e s s r s . W a k e l a y , P . R . B r o w w ,A Tinea—No* a btt,Ic. McCiamxm—Wba says as? Mr ntaittf*—Isay sotxaserPto be — ., aad therefore enVed such. d that he always uaderstosd <• . D . C. C r a w f o r d , O r . M c C l i a w c k , a u d qntty of your dotsfs. The Caurrh took aot oaly prrati(Hltcr*—Tk* Brte Ueaoluttoai avail t u t atembsrs, bat ataWeri or the border churches to their beans and pulpits, whereas they were the very men who HabiUltK Rejected—TrlumpU »f the excitedBobstodrireoutNorthern isiaistars wbea tbeysteveboLiera.Mr. I-SKRis—Not at aR.in. Mcftiim^-U it does sat, I «« i?*• ^^ TM**•* ± toKnce, was introdaced to tbe essemblige.£kraboldii>g te sto;tbst M ^ J ^ ^ Z ^ r % ^ i Dr. PBABB continued, that the la# oa slavery of fortb ; but Mr Ferris admits If it is aot sssroasjary BIB it 1784 bad never been either repealed or su?p ad*lifaU well and good The; Warfares\ *£»**»Jj'"g" Bev G. R. CROocssatd that be came here to discuss the land adhere) precisely to the ground wbicb w a i ^ » d the Proviiienoe resolution. That that resoiawrn whi.-h tbetoc^ervatU'e or old fogy ground oa this subject up to Conference would not veto upon on Friday was dead,the v«i» bxsr when the State, with a voioe grandar aad aad tl at we should give it a oeceat funeral—totting taeConferral ivra, efce., ««c.Ik* Caniareaea mat oa docday morning, and after the usual reUt»«» exercises the Bishop waa eagagsd ;a re eeiviag the reports «/ toe presiding elders of tbe various d»trioU relative to the character and labors of the minis- ters during tbe year.went there it preach. [The Bishop interrupted the speaker again, aad said unless be was in favor of the Erta rule bis speech was out of order jMr. BKOWXsaid the subsutate tu1 b en lost sight of nearly altogether is the course of the debate Be astvd it they ought to take a step further on this eubject [Be waa agam an rrcptea, but proceeded w « loui cries of'ovder than any of those utterances wtth which far a rela'ives be few. We have be*n ready to pull d iwn theHarkm bridge, of the amount which will be required to putthebridgeiaathorough,slateofrepair, the ameuit required will be about $700 or $1,009. The report was referred to Commitu»e oa Annual Taxes.5be Committee oa Priating aad taatioaerr reported is favor of paying tbe bills ot Wm. D. Kowe & Co., »1?6 55, and Mr. Gray, *211 48 for blank books and stationery furnished the Oosnty Clerk's office. Tbe report was laid"go an, goon.''} The cirillxattoa of the 19th century was BBSIAMX Gawna, the agent of the Tract Society, report bhockhvg tff the tetters from the rtavta. Tfj<> emaacwattoa OfthealaveaoftheWest Indies by the Bogi.sb was a ad Lis oprrations darmg toe last nine mowtha There bad gk>rk«a succe+s, notwithstanding the statemests made by beea otstribeted 228,7« pages of tracts. In the English other speakers, and notwithstanding the effort* of publictbmsand jtats Fnglana bad beea wont to eloctrtfy the stars and shake the earth for a new rcie, aad have b»»aKaape> r, who retired to address them tn behalf of raishag money to pwcbaae one of his sons Bat, said the UeUiOdist brethren weat to Uiica and agitated Bt*bop. "let htm tell has own story." Brother &HAI*FSR the subject, *i which time he (the speaker) was proceeded to say that ho was born in Virginia aad labored reproved by tbe Bishop for so doing. It had hard to secure bis freedom, for which be paid $1,000. He been said ii acttoa were token upon thisslaveholder. . . . . . . Rev Mr. Maav arose and said that be had said but lit-Mr. STIWAKT thought it would be the bettor plan to finish one wing of the building firstfreaa waa (he oroer o; the <iay, but they abould reiiem-not uc their way out of brlrtling and invincible difficul- was tbe time icr us to Witt, aad he trusted that the Herta the Gener.o donfereiioe, they ought to say, exoli«St!y, i t i s w r o n g t o h o l d s t a r e s , a n a y o u m u s t p u t a w a y t h e m<ptevisus BseouBg.acommuaicattBB was received from tbs Magor calling the attention ef the Board of Supervisors to the unsafe condition of. the Harlem bridge, aad enclMlogpa-go Cub, in omtoa Ball, of which Sbueea DraaeT. praidetrt. "**mT i e T oting Men's ReruMtma (Tnisa fe osssssBsf masHy of a b c b e r s of the Chrtsuaa ftsm-istwa and a s organized to ISM, and during the 'iprhg the amesasJoa has fire* a series af speeches st Cooper Institute, for which tbey havt <an ecsakswa fee af twenty-fire eeato.It stems that the Central Bepubttaaa Casxpaiga taskand the Union are jealous af each ether, each testate a the glory an: honore.aas" ao the former pastas uteSht fetterinthemannerwhichwillsppsar.la tbe teat meetiag of tbe Club, Botice having Beat given that Jeha Sherman would speak ta Cooper l a s t s * the next tight, —Mr. F G. Yocxu said Oat for oa* tut than*fci u salgraceful to the rei*blicaslartT tha? ^ o n ^ S J u ^ Lcharted Ic, go*, to bear a ^ t ^ fCTaol HTWI.extend the session. Tney resolved to bold an afternon pr tliat reform was cot a:ways progress. The speaker session, and permitted Dr. McClintock to go on with hisSO boidly contra-dcted.brethren would keep their rests aad maintain order.Dr. M<CUNTOCKwas very anxious to say a lev wordsana a.i tou'. <hc> bad to to waa to attend to tbe interest of Dr. CLARK moved that the Conference shoull hold anthe M. E. C hurcti a« they were affected by slavery. Pro- afternoon session, wbicb was amended by a motion t9 ties. "They also rerve who only siand aad wait " Nowwas oppoeed to tar. Ferns' substitute, because it pre- remarks. York Conference would act upon this substitute clearlyTbe Committee of Finance reported that tha applicationat.1 others had la'wr.'d fahhiury for the church: Mc-Ktcdr ck, (nxirge, Kuiory and traugn, ail bishops, were will be shown by its fruits. It is therefore expected of charge in tbe phraseology of the rule, and tleemed its in-©rig-ti » rroru tue border, and m&ny of their most fanh- all who continue therein, that they continue to evidencs fbi swaibers hatl grown grey ta the service of God in ttetr desire of salvation. This desire is to be evinced inthat portibo of our couiitr>. Bishop Aabury and a host several wars, such as avoiding drunkenness, putting on of I'.'-.bt lights owed their snec^ss to the sympathy and of gold or easily apparel, &c, and (Uia point referred topro: cum of the border CUr.st-acs. In tbe address of in :he Eric resolution) '• Tbe buying and sel'ing of men, Uif t-uinops to the last General Conference, four years ago, women and children, with an lotention to enslave them."troduction ill timed.Rev Mr. VLNCKYT and others asked for a vote.Rev. F W. DISOER represented tbe anti slavery ele-ment of the German church. Ho was a Swiss by birth, and in the language of one of trie founders of that repub- lic, "matte way for lreedom." He regarded it a shame that there were some German ministers wbo sympathized with slavery, and be could not believe that God wouldr'-oect to toinlligence and attichment to the church, it in exctyt In the rule. He, put it to Mr. Ferris whether wt".i rotrpire lavorsby with otMei poanns of the there could he any prohi >ition that shodiii not bo is thespect would be only line expelling a sinner, wbo fora king time had succeeded in retaining his connection with the cbutcb Dr. Nasi, the pioneer pt tbe Gerrx.au movement, was opposed to slavery, although conservativeDrt, SrsicKLAM) asked that tbe vote should be taken by yeas'aud nays, which waa adopted.Tbe Bishop then put the question on th3 acceptance of the substitute tn the place of the Erie resolution, which, by its acoption would settle the wbole question.The Sw'RKTAKv read the names of tbe representatives, who answered "yes" or 'no." as they were called. Tae most inteni-o excitement was exhibited by the ministers and the audience while tbe vote was being taken. A& it was perceived that the vote was very close, the President was asked if members could change tr-eir votes before the decision was announced. He replied in Ihe affirmative. The rote stood 89 ave* and 01 nays—thus rejecting Mr. Ferris' Sub- stitute. When tbe result was announced there was an attempt at applause, which waa suppressed.Brown- Bre^ky- Cimmeion ()leu*QV etnrr», linger, D O opinon of the Conference. In the present state of affairs, the People n. Alexander Ward.— Tbe defendant is latechurch, hi regard to the opinions of the b-haps ou the alavrty r,.le, tbey said that in their judgment ths exist- a"« «f tic* conferences and churches under the pre^ntruie.Dr. MoCuirrooH turned to Rev. Mr Paul R. Brown, andFOK I N L A W F V L L V EXTENDLNG A H E R ; AUAINOT THE HARLEM RAILROAD COMPANY FOK CPLTABLE NEGLECT; AGAINST HOMER B. HAWBlfS 10K, FOK GKEY. EMBEZZLEMENT aNI> GRAND LARCENY IN THE OVERLAND MAIL COMPANY, AND AGAINST AL1 XA.NDER WARD FOR KECBIT1NO BK1BES..4rp;i lrj—Tbe Grand Jury entered court t o d a y , rendered several bills of indictment, among which were tho following —ThePecfUvt. &e Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty ofthe City <f AVu> l'orfc—Tbe indictment charges tho de-fendants with unlawfully anu injuriously extending pierstri'umstai'ois did not lead to extend and perpetuate in a very siern manner inquired, •• .>re you in favor of a alarery. ,-H.cb testimony, sts.1 Mr. Wheat!ey, was coa- change of tho rule on slavery? Answer up and down."clusr .t o.t the subject. Tbe speaker critictzed to"remark ••ade by Mr. Brown, that he would noteat with a slaveholder. obserTiaa; that .lesus Chrl«tasd tie Metbu-dKt bit»li'»ps eat and dradc witasurer*. Ibe adrocates oi the new rule said the thingsunt b« ?rea«:d or eisc the church would be dividod.Tb<< church 't God waa our mother, and he thought a resxark. of a m'uuner miauo ir> bun that morning, that none three o'clock. swt foe's and babies would whine around their mothers,was» very improper, waahington Irvitig, and othf' dwdiBgn-abe.' SMB. wtregreat 'fools," beciuso they lovedtbr.r iiwtbers Be could cot look upon the probability o.'u nil ^IOOOI the church without becoming dizzy in 'the The examination of the character of mnisters was pro ara.i\ ano aft^ictcd at tho *ieart. He wax reminded of atip •>'.: aec(S3 ui luaster ana siave He w u remiuded byth s projNjj»ed hasty action of a question propamJed to a sent;L<: -.ne substitute, to make tho general rule read whatOJI\ r»» a soti CMthe Emeral i Isle, &a they were sailing on the frainers ot it meant. It prohibited mercenary siave- tn< i re\ »<re. *hi< 'i was,' Are you acquainted with tueDr. NATHAN BAM.S said that the delegates were electedFmn>erd, P a. lir«.wn. Browning, itullock, K^Hoc*, a i* Dr. IXFKISS aaid thatJUe thought he should abide by the named Dennis Tubridy fell and was killedsins." But whenever this is really fixed iu the soul ittbev said that they bad sw annual oonferences. woo had Inis substitute comes up directly or indirectly upona wtrtc memberabtpof 1*3,000, and a ooiored member- that point. Tho word "prohibit" in it looked as if theshin of iriore than 28,000. fh« poor members una the brethren desired a change'In the general ru'e, because he ble.-s the labors of those men. He had to heat of the caver, vfe.-e atroogly atiaohed to the church of their coubt not nnderetond how any measure could be a pro first German slaveholder It had besen said that the adop- cb ff, *nd looked to it for religious sympathy and ail the bioition if ii was rot a rule, if they tuean to incorporate tion of a new re'e wov.l<* Injure ihe German work. He c t i c s U i in is v*a k.nlacs. Toe white members, in a change In the chapter, there was no othar place to put did not think so, for tbe adoption of a change in this re-48P. R. BROW\ replied—I am in favor of a change of rule in a coiisutut'oual wayandDr. MCCIJMOCK—01'course, ycuail design to change the ruie in a coc-tttntional manner.lh*> Biatur aaid tbe hour lor adjournment nad arrived, thereupon the Uitfennee rose, to resume the debate atA r r a x o o N SESSION.The Cocleronce met in tbe afternoon, I>r. HoinrrcH concuctiog tfcc religious exercUes.* Bishop Simstiji hoped tbey would stick to the pointceedeu w;thfor aa hour, after which the order of tbe day—the slavery question—was resumed.to instruct the delegates to the ttonsrai Conference, and ,bat it was uncalled for.peace of the people. *cThe People a. the A>ie r'orfc and Harlem. RaUroad Csst-if. • i i.! i n^rtxii •'Vtj, air;" said he, "there ;sone bolJ!;ig in its st int. but he wanted the ru!<s to be altered Morehouse. bc8.own, £i!»ett Otboia, Rainier. Parker, Seoliy.so tiu'. th*- meaning will not be equivocal.a v, ..,• look back with pleasure upon the ru'ns of the I»r. McCiISTTCTKinpisted that Mr Ferris wa-: really In fa nob- iwitire erected by our fathers? ^uca a rule wjuli vor of a row rule. Mr. Ferr-s wanted achaage iu the letter dn j jrreat real of harm. The laymen had been a'Juded oi the ruie, anu be (Pr. Met.) wanted every man to voleMephens, Thompson, fowaienc, Wheatley. Wbittiker, A Wood—4%The subject of lay delegation waa then placed before the session.of i > o i , ' aa the ship struck. Could the advocates of thesi«-at'. r. Tne cubstitute cnutemplated the leavmg of this who waa in fu-vor of the substitute efl ctua'ly voted in Smith. Blil, gulwell. BtricMand, Rwallow, TuthiU, Hale. M VanNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1860.-TRIPLB SHBgT.kaugaage. in tbs city of New York daring the last nine men to suppress the light What a pity that ttr. Kettell's theWesiffaas in England, deprecating the attempt that him far wipe, ior. ,Stoatiit38.W4pageslatheGarsualanguage;&448 paget m the English tongue la the country, and 3,1M in |be G-wmaa during the same period The rpeaksr, in aa tntareaUag address, advocated the utility of the Tractlogica! argument bad not been based upon tacts!MrKSTTKU.won«»erodwhyfactsBOclearlyallowedwere Mr. Ksrrsu, won«terod whywas now n>a»irg lo.lead the English church to tote ac-tionuponAmericai;slavery. Thewriter—RevLnkeHWiseman—saiu that the exclusion of 16,000 slaveooHersDr. FLOV raw that he could stand a great deal of flattery, but that Crooks waa putting tt on too thick. (Laughter.) Rev G. R. CROOKS—Your scheme for malting a newadvocate* of the wbsStote dsvialei from Weriey'a P«ae- tintOr.Flay stated that be auiy presents* sesare He anti that tbe Provt:"twopotats, bates it badMUNICIPAL. AFFAIRS. BOABD OP SUPERVISORS.A special sseetiag of the Board ef Saper visors was held yesterday afternoon—President Stewart ia the chair."Wau-lsi th* Refsublteuu CSMSIBLPTJfUCAK MEETm«~TH« TOWNO MBKs OAK CMOK DraofJKCED AS "ftw-rt.—•• * Its Yosng Mea's Bapubhean Catoagataaflburcb, att«? i.gV it i&avld ba dime with kindness, lawhat way did ii»« Seutheraer establlsb ha claim ta theproperty of to* slave, bat by the proruwjas of the sitvecoder The righteous ana the wicktd were united tsgeta/rtasaatasimg that isuqattr. «'Gad SeBvaras from tbssso,aaachurch,"saiathespeakrr.whichwasreepoa»-•tto by ioed cries of «« Amen " If there is wtadoaa eao1^* Dr He* iijmxm-Do ysu deny that Wesief recsrraw obca-eb, and that be might concur with him. But he«^.^^ ._jJ—jMr F s w w W i do not propose to c^<*de storebotden. wattes to Utkc, however, conservative groitnd against DrU M v O i m a c s t - I a m a o t e p c a k i n g o f t h e w b & t r i a f s , C u r i y . S l a v e r y i s t o c l e s t o s u c a l l y d e a d — a d e a d c a r c a s s but ot the sine reaotaaaii;. that rule prsssaes ta exottsto ta the church, aad ore should therefore take measures toficm the Church wouid retard rather than accelerate sheMr Baows quoted from the t2t*art-rrty Rema to show cause of freeuom. The roice of the three millions of tbe term for membership is not oaly preventing them fromopposed to the s>stem, and tostoTmita YumiSL^? Jthat prosperity bad foltowei, and did fa!low, emtacipa^oppressed bad reached the throne cf God, and it hadprogressing, but tbe Church from progressing. WhenUna in the West Indies. He read the clo*teg paragraph ofSociety aa aa efficient instrumentality to promote tae sal- Mr. Bleebes articte to show that negroes occupied dls- so he dared cot take a step wbish would sbut out from how do you think that they can succeed? He was willingttie t-arty at lerge. Be thought piuLeai «ZJ! J?IEiratoa of saua. He urged the ministers toco-operate tiaguished poets in Ihe government an 1 ia professional tbe ministry cr the Methodist church flitcea or fifty thou- to trust the delegates to the General Conference if theyw A toe cfflesrs of the society ia furtheriag the objects of the aatoctatina.BTKECH OK a COLORED BROTHER. TheKMUOTintroducedaooioredbrother named Cyruslife, tterefore refuting the charge made by Jlr. Kottell sand slaves. Another voice came up to them from six will subscribe to the principles of Dr. Floy's paper oa a that the negroes were an inferior race. He (tie speaker) hundred thousand members, inly five thousand of whom BOB concurrence. He says that they do injustice to theirasked if tbey should persist tn refusing to take any steps in this na'ter when the infidel world were favoring the abolitioncfalarery. Theywere making soma progress: for twenty two years ago they could not get an article as long as their finger iu the Christian Attnooate. A fewwere blavchoiders, and they said, "Let as alone, Southern brothers by forwarding the principles they have let us live under tbe tine and fig tree wbicb done They were doing injury to tae great principles ofsubject the cbnr h would be divided. Were they Oid net like to live tu a Blare State, and weat to Ohio, more attached 10 silvery than to tbe Churcbr It hadsince which time he had raised $800, which enabled him been said that not only ia the border but at theto , • • r.aae one of his sons. Be left his wrfe behind him North the Cburtli would ba divided. It would be sin-in Vttsisia. and abe had beea carried so far South since gular If tbe Churcb hi the free States, in tbe nineteenthahathecilaotknowwhereahewas. He was now en- centuryhadnotintelligenceaad moral power BafQcieat aarmingpublicopinioncomingdown uponthem Wh-it wemusttakeupwiththatevilratherthantorootouttheto enable it to maintain itself. oid brethren propoee? He oould not vote for any ono of good by tampering with it Where will they dearortng to rests $900 for the purchase of a younger Rev. Mr. Gw, m said he had heard enough upon tbe sub- the proposed changes, for the reason that he was not find public rentiment In this case? Not In the Sontb, son, and had succeeded In procuring nearly the whole ject, and was anxious to vote. If they had speeches willing to go into Maryland and Virginia to execute th- n or in the North, but must look for It in both. He was amount. Tb<* brethren circulated the bats around and ou the substitute, where would tbey wind up when they is* ss changed. He would not put upon tbe shoulders of opposed to concurring with the Providence resolution. those dear brethren a burden heavy to be borne. He The church Is not ccnetttuiiona'ly a slaveholfing church.Mr. feu-M said he thought the building ought be put up ia sections, ss Supervisor Stewart has recommended.ptos-'ptry rawed Slbs 30. which was all the money de- came to talk of amendments All the talk that had beeamade to day would not influence a single role. TneBfiTOordid not wish the Now York Conference to get the reputation of being disorderly. He hoped thethe bonaasan, aa being bound with them. He believed bat if Dr. UcCimtock were permitted to go on, they could that Congress wouii attend lo the alfairs of the nation, notwould not touch it with his little linger (Voices—Never.)He (the speaker) fifteen jears ago proposed a change ofrule which was practicable then;" but as it was imprac't-bl*, he was opposed to it now. He was ready to wait 'orProvidence awhile. This intimation was coaailered adcughfaced statement. Tbe noblest illustration of a Ing, ior there are but few in the South of this doctrine mai/s trust in Co-. was that which enabled him to say, who are slaveboki Eg. We also surrender up our minis •-I have waited i atlently for tbe Lord;" and thero was tration over a vast number of those who are slaveholders,sired by toe colore*! gentleman.CONTINUATION WK THE DEBATE ON SLAVKBY.<m mutton of Kev Mr NICHOLS,k-«. j B. ff>txinv ooctiuued his speech on theslaveryQ estt. a. £aawUn« said of Wilberlorce that he went upon this subject.to the \nroue of gracu with is, million human fetters in his Loud cr.es of "Vote; vote," followed by confusion. band, and so did tie plead yesterday In bis prayers tor Bar. Mr CsAwroar> said they were ready to vote now,God forbid it. Stwnld they stead by and say that the doctrines of Jesus Christ ana bt, Paul are all slavehoiding* He was opposed to tbe cew rule. For, as to politics, so in tbe church, TO will come to the point, who is pro slavery? We surrender up a vast number who are not slaveholdpierce* his ftbe speaker's) ears, and because it had dansyou come down on the Church like s thunderbolt,mmmabe tree, aad for one he woam k t v w r " " ^make them so. *A Yeses— I win give fire collars towards s. Mr. YOCKG—I will give twenty trs.Mr. ftrs>rsn— I will give fifty.Votes—I will give a hundred. Mr.Yocsocontinued,aaymgIwere free to the pubis, and he had heard a vary raaerat expression ti dlaseutfactior. at the plan ef toarriata price, a? thoceb a republican meeting was a nuaagwM.Mr. C. S. SPSJ.CXB faid be had tbe honor of ursaac sat firtt blow in tha matter. In a meeting of tbs KxeoaVm Committee of tbe Young Mens Central Commute*, a* bat offered a resolution condemning the system, and rar ia« rtso'etrcti be had reserved two letters cnataaww the most btt'cg and cutting insults But be should sst so intimidated n w shrink from his doty ia msaiiniiSBu si t-ucb proceedings It was a disgrace to the resatsnta party that laboring men', who worked for tea ssaffisga a day, should hare to rob their wives ant chOdrea at a breaklatt for hearu.g a republican speech the night p a Ttous. He defied auv bod. to find a precedent tar k « any party, from one end of the land to the other, par one, be was filled with astonishment whan he auiBai tbat a distinguished republican—yes, geauemes, ssM Br. Spttcer, a man whose name has beea presented by ass of the States of this Union as a candidate far the PraMasa- ct—charged ana received two hundred colsus far a speech at Cooper Inrtitute.Vox*—Give us tbe name.ANOTHM* VOICE—Be means Abe Lincoln.MR. Snuitsn—I say, gentlemen, aad care net haw ksgha maa may be, it io a disgrace to the repiblicaa par*/ that a p .biic tpeater should be set up to took at far money—that republican orators, like the perforsaaBeas at Dan and Jerry Bryant, or the circus riding and srauad and lofty tumLm-g la the anv \ .theatre at N.blo'a, caa easy be seen for twenty five cents. (Applause.) I say tat time has cosne to put our heel on this practice and re- deem the party from such ciagiacefui proceedhga.Mr. J A. fiiuccs said it was true that Mr. Speacsr sal struck the first blow, and in his opinion the geatieaua. bad been very unfortunate, if cot in the blow, at least • the persoB at whom he had aisaed it. Let him bit tat ngbt man and be might strike ss many blows as be hai a miiui to. The gentleman baa struck unjustly wbea he bad hit Mr. Litcoin, and tbe gentleman must kaevas well af tumstif that Jlr. Lincoln was in no manner rt- 8;<.B£-Me for what occurred, aad that be dtd not casta ben 0t all '.noer the auspices of the YOUBZ Meat B*. publican Union, but he waa Invited to deliver a lecture a tbe Plymouth course, ia Bcecher* church, at Breoktya, and to select bis own subject. It was knows af erwarea, however, that be would speck oa a political subject, sad the managers of tbe affair concluded instead of having h atMr. Beecber s church to have it In Cooper Institute, a hart more people could bear it. So far as charging tor repshi. can addresses was coaiserned, be did not approve of it; bat be would not sit still and bear Mr. Lincoln arraigned, ba- oause be was innocent ot any improper conduct.Mr. SrsxcxB replied thai he had no doubt Mr. Liassht was sorry thai Lo ever received the two hundred doaars, Alderman STARK offered a preamble and resolutions re- and that be- would be inucb belter pleased had his es-tcte id mjosiiix) to the Discipline and to the fathers of the it was in the power of the majority of tbe church. Tbe man who held a slave for a mercenary pur is He would rather see his children to day laid in achurch. There were tbo»e who desired a new rule, be- ministers of the Church at any time to change the iucda pose was a sini er, and he denied the right of any personblood grave, rather than be the slaves of man. (C.-ies of "Amen") Every child born in this world has the seme right to be free as has God's angels. S'ave-ry is of the devil, the sum of all evils. Right well has it been said by a man ot eloquence," Abolish shivery at once." Paul sajs, "Bender to your servants that which is good and evil," but Dr. Crooks says thai we must not trunple upon this subject The excitement of s'avery will not stop until this evil is abelished. TherecauM the present role was indefinite. According to that mental law, thereby nullifying that essential elementaryto boll man as property He denied that chattel slavery was recognize! in the Word of God, but servitude was.Bev. Mr. KJOTKL asked Mr. Crawford the oifferencs be- tween slavery aad chattel slavery.they wottM require different systems of philosophy, and anew .xusututioii for the country. They would requireaew articles of faith if tae principle contended for by theprinciple of the organ! s law of the Methodist Episcopal Church, that a vote of three-fourths of tbe ministers saall be recorded in favor of any >ucb thing along with a voteax>v»r of the substitute were recognised Are yon of two thirds of the members of tue General Conference. Mr. CRAWFU&O asserted that God never sanctionod thesure, asked be, if yo;ir new rule will be clearly He did not believe that the point of order wnichaa<-> rtt-ooo- he tbongbt tbe present rule was sufficiently he presented had ever been made before, and if explicit, and a D»W rule wouid destroy the pease of tbe the course proposed by tLe friends of the sebsti- church Thee" rratbters who were acquainted with the tote was sanctioned, a prx: ;eni would |bo estabUshid which would not on".contiitK* of th< bonier churches, tell us that it would slavery,.but other important affect tho question #fholding of at en as "things."Ur. KETTEX asked Mr. Oawford if he wanted him toread ihe church asunder The adoption of a new rulewoud be a breach of faith with their border brethren.measures. The nsxt reason he assigned for ottering tho substitute was, that•LECTION Or FIRS WAXPKXKA communication was received from tbo Fire Den&rt-it was presented to avoid a vote on the Erie rule, and at tb«e»< -(.j^e North was pledged to respect their rights. cisions of last year upon the Cincinnati rule. Tbe ques-They uu^ht have united themselves with that portion oftae cbuicb that did oot ruC3<nite slavery as a sin, aad the same time, to bold tbe CoRference to its express de-dens:—Wm. Miller, Daniel Curry, Wm. Brandon and John Downey. Tbe appointments were confirmoa.Alderman STARR ooered a resolution directing the Street Commissioner to cause an examination to be made of the condition of Catharine market, and report what repairs are necessary. Adopted.A resolution, presented by Alderman Genet, appropri- ating $3M tor a casemate gun for Company C, Ninth regi- ment, was adopted—the amount to be paid out of city contingencies.The report of tbe Committee on Finance concurring with the Counciimen to donate $1,000 to the New York Magdalen Asyium, was adopted.IMI'ROVUiO TOR NA\ k.ATIO.N OF HARLXB RIVERThe report of the Committee on the Croton Aquedust Department refunding $5&5 to L. G.Morris, the amount aircaidy expended by him in improving the navigation of the Harlem, and making a further appropriation of $50$for tke same purpose, was adopted.A resolution adopted by the Board of Councilmen, toappropriate $250,000 for additional improvements in the Central Pai Ic, eent to this Board for concurrence, was re- ferred to the Finance Committee.The Board then adjourned to Thursday next.Court of Oyer stud Terxulmcr.Before Hon Judge Sutherland.Bev i f Wbeatt y i<nl other* had said thoy would help tion naturally came up, in the mind of every member of tbe Conference, whether a chaise of the rule was desira-Those who kola stoves hold them by legacy, or those who bought tbem done it to relieve some one, or have done it In pity. He baa seen slaves in a camp meeting shouting their praises to God, and master and mistresses according. The pioneers of Methodism held slaves until they sought fit to release them, and John Wesley made slaveholders preachers in the West Indies. Mr. Wesley was strongly opposed to tbe American revolution, and published just as much as be was agaiuat slavery. Mr. Wesley, although a man wa ail revere, as a man be can commit mistakes; aad he aid when he wrote bis work againtt slavery. Many of the friends cf this innovation, this slavery, do not expect their rule enforced, even if it is adopted by the General Conference. He moved then tbat the order of the day be token up.Hi hop SwrsnN called for the ayes and nays on tbe sub ject. to add the word •*slave holding " in the Providenceresolutions. ,Dr. FLOYsaid tbtt be had presented his resolutions inthe hope that the Conference would concur in them, but was willing to vote on the Providence resolutions.The Conference then proceeded to vote vtea voce on the Providence resolutions. The yeas and nays being taken, resulting as follows —To introduce the word " slave-holding ''Agaiii8tsuch—tbe ballot being left open until the close of tbe Conferlit boriJ-r cbm vh*» out rather unceremoniously. As for ble or not4 If the voice of tne N*w Yore Conference was himbe<*:<inotiteiliketreatingthesebrethrenimpro tobeexpressedinanywayatall,theyoughttohaveaperly fair and honorable opportunity of expressing themselvesRew Jlr. WUMATUST corrected the speaker. He said directly upon the question. Are we now, at this session Conference.Urn is h.s speech on Friday, he remarked that he would of the Xew York Oonferencs, immediately preceding the say u. throe mu, had Imbued their bands in their bro- General Conference, in favor of a change of the general tbt ^ blood—"If vo« do not favor the aew rul«. go,or in rule on slavery fDr. SnucKXAHn protested against speech making, for if it were allowed be wanted to make a speech. He said he then added that thos- who held stares for 4. There is only one condition previously required or would urge tbe previous question. Amid great confusion. Tbe BISHOP said it was out of order for the brethren totbe Ljat o'Goi. we will make you." He (Mr. Wbeauey) Tbe rule of the Discipline, as It now stands, reads thus :— p-'t<j t»ei.ev«!+ct parpoaes would be held in the ofaorcb. those who desire to ectir into these societies—" a desirePo wit owe nothing to the border' Robert Strawbriage to flee from the wrath to come and to be saved from theircall for a vote in that way.Rev. W. C. Sunn thought the substitute asked for aBrestore it from the chorea.• . . . ^ « At this Jnaatare. Bev. JAS. ATBW, of tho Newark Out aa estimate from Mr. w*. J. McAlptne, chief engineer ef, eno grander line in Milton than that which snd cannot, there'ere, attend the church In the South.Ibis is the time, above all others, that is most unfitting to take up this ruleBev. B. M II.i-rrsiD then took the floor, and said that it was tbe first t'mo he has had the pleasure of listening to Dr. Miiey. and was surprised that, in defining his position, be should sav we must deal lightly with sin. Must we,encouraged sa many fearfcl. trembling souls that couldtt-rded to b* coDB^rraiive, whereas it gave all to tbe ra- Bev Dr. M'CUNTOOK then took tbe Moor, and addressed ano unmistakably. He hoped they would stand by theirdical ant notliiiia in ihe cxiutcivat.',-e The voice of the the Ojeference. He said that it was impossiolo for tbe brethren of New Jersey, Maryland. Missouri and Ken then, drag down God's holy standard? Mustjjwe permit of tbe Central Park Commission for $833,000 to ca-ry oartaulu-oa » M the v<4oe of Jacob, but its hands were the brethren to tilk upon the question directly before them tucky, sad uphold and pray for them. He trusted the haate of Esau. He pre.Vrrod volcanoes to t-uoterraneous without impliedly or directly touching upon slavery. For members of tne Conference would vote the substitute Orb lit- was op pose-I to <tu- subat tu'e bwaitfe it pro- bis own part be bullered that God Almighty hai laid upon dOWDffi*"t to be a peacemaker and to alloy agitation, when man the law of labor. He believed that slavery sprung Rev Mr. CRAWFOKO replied to tbe last speaker. He Its (ie#ii»n appeared U> be to promote arit&t-on, It not re- ; i cm a aefcire on the part of the human race to free them- said if Mcdiutock'6 logic was as dangerous as his rhetoric. H u j . n It it qui.: U too General Conference to devise jel\c*i from this law by imposing tfese burdens upon oth- be did not know what would become of us The bluster m*»strf« to secure a n>* rule on slavery, when to_de er peoplu. That was, in bis judgment, the whole philoso about tbe moral effect of the original rule amounted totfcif for itisRtiange language from such agenUeman, tbo necessary improvements for the preetnt year was to that we must open the door to such principles. reality an application for two and a half millions. Tnesign was to prottiO«« agitattou, if not revolution. The pby of fciavery Aristotle taught thai slavery was the S}-6*« r of,.ueed tu: substitute b.-cj.uat- it was iucousis natural and necessary foundation of human society. He t» • t w t h iist-if. could not agree with Aristotle on that point, though beHo wish(d to reply to Dr. Crooks; but his (Hat bears) time wai BO very limited, he sjarcoty oou d find place. The reverend gentleman made allusion to tbe daughter of one of our first bishops, as being ex- pelled from the church. He replied that, if that daughter suffered it wa;: I-v her ewn doings.committee suggested that the amount be reduced to a quarter of a million. After considerable debate the re- port of the rocs muter was adopted.The Alder manic Committee reported in favor of giving the rewards offered for the apprehension of criminals to tbe pollcenan making the arrest, instead of letting it go into the Widows' and Orphans' Fund, as it does at present. Tt is produced some debate, and the result was that the Boaid concurred with the Board of Aldermea.nothing The author of the Erie rule only designed nmake the present rule more explicit. What tbey asked Pr CnooKS here begged leave to explain the matter,was that the General Conference should exclude from tb»which waa granted, andDr IlATHiiK continued—Let this point drop then, forchurch slaveholders wbo held slaves for selfish purp«t*ru 11K. Uttir..-' ;-a-! that bis substitute did nit ueceera- was a very great man. He (the Doctor) believed thair ily irr.piy ibe postage of a new rule. It migbt sia>ply be man was tpirii, and that spirit could not be enslaved ex He wanted it done in the easiest and best way. but b?« uou- U ?ip Biioucn or a re*olut..<a expioe'ive of tho cept to tbe curse and ruia of tbe coniniunuy. He was op- was < rr-csed to needless legislation. He narrated facts to said that mm > er, piracy and other crimes were not more expenses or the Committee to the Sanitary Convention toTM*WSof the ikoeral Conference, without puiung » in IO/J posed to the substitute nrien a pomt of order, which was, j.bo* that tbe condition of slavery on tbe border for ID U a new rule. tbat when any proposition to change the organic law of was different from what had been represented by Rav Ms, Wiip aeifef' brother Pnutu if be did r.ot the Methodist Episcopal Church was brought to the Con- other speakers. He had been informed by a mean u, advt«*t.j ih* acor lion of a new rule* If he aid ference by a bithop, it was the righ'. of every minister of member or the Philadelphia Conference, that If a man should sell or buy a slave relative of the discipline, a committee might be raised by the minister; but the btethren said they would exercise their right to clear him. Tbe speaker mentioned an instance of a girl going up to a garret and cutting her throat to firevent her from Un<- i>eca&«e it • « n tnlwtance the same S3 tbe Erie member of every conference nau a right to record his v ote being so'd to go South, and said that such occurrences Pi'.tt. aiao, *>ecsii«n tt was variously interpreted. Men on upon every proposition looking to a fundamental were sufficient to arouse a nation. It had done so. He tbe Cent* it nee i. «T Ba* its sense very differently, aad change or the organic law oi the Method 1st did not question the piety of Southern methodists, but he thai was a si'tlicieat reasou to vote against it. The substi- Episcopal Churcb, and if that right were denied, desired to have selfish slaveholders excluded from theforcibly depicted tban is slavery to tbe Bible. (Calis for authority.) He could give it if required. No man is a slaveholder who does not trample on his victim and hold him (Here Dr. Hatfield read the definition of slavery given in laws of Southern States, from "KlUotton Sla- very.") Tbe Metho list doctrines say that we shall not tike a wonr.n and bold her body and soul. That is whatso held at Boston. It was laid over. The Board adjourned.BOARD OF ALDERMEN.This Board met last evening, President Peek in theofaair.not tbev wo In be saved a great d«al of dlscu^atou.l>i M<• ii>T(KK a*kfd ihu same queetibu.tia. rmtaiHr»i>l.eo ibat before the vow was taken, hethat body to record bis vote upon that propasition. The conferences did not vote as conferences upon such propo- sitions, but they voted as members ef the great body of Methodist ministers, and the votes were counted at the General Conference as the votes of Individuate. Every> ou shall not do. Why ought not the church to say it? THS DA.VOKR0118 CONDITION OF TBS HOBOKEK FERRT HOATB. Fecause fbe bus not said it. From our being to tbe endWuu.U t'Xi-iain fully 'us portion.Wa. W*K«tarv t»'nt*nu*d—He was oppose^ to the suVsti-tnere Is nota word that says that man shall not take him and make him a slave unto death. This is a human wrong, and wben Christian men say let us put this under the ban of the church, other men say no; let it be as itargue the question -Mr CKAWFORK—We have bad enough of that It was is another border than tbeSouthern. There is a Northern,gooo—that is to say, good in a Pickwickian sense; bat I considered it vt-rv bad teaching. The demands mads by the border churches were unjust, and he protested against any movement which proscribed the North when they dared to utter their sentiments. The voice of tin Mew York Conference to tbe General Conference was—do away with slavehoiding as soon and i>s quietly as you can, for we believe it to be a sin There was very little moral significance in the Erie role, and therefore he was in favor of presenting the substitute tor the action of the GeneralAt the conclusion of bis speech there were loud cries of "Vote, vote." »a Weetcra and an Eastern•bCeOcoTmWe.aa»ex.tr«em_e,,bemustbecoaaidewredaaawra. Be MaaatthatDr.Currybaysslaveryisosnstdutionallytotbe.After calling tbe roll aad reading the minutes of she mr lltog at tbe hut meetiag of the Centra! BepobaBaa fauTaa iot. declared to ail the world that all her slaves waro fighting for principles that are gone. He asked the CJB over./reimat. tptothathourthoWatleyaa Methoflist eoci»- >e* held slaves end slaveholders. That was tbe history. He read an article Item tbe rFat.finMw., the organ offtrw.eewhethertheywiMnetvoteonthenencoaeirreaoo. He was challenged to come op to take part in this Confer enee, and will stand by Dr. Floy, as a tactician, deamiogThebillsof Wm.L.Harrison and others far priatieg ano stauocery fumisbed the county offices were directed to be paid.A oosamunkiatiou was received from Charles Traoey, librarian of the New Terk Law Institute asking for an approprial'ou of $10,000 to pay back reots. The com- munication states that to the opinion of the Trustees ef tbe Library, it is the duty of tbe B«rd of Supervisors to give such Assistance as shall enable them to provide suitable rooms for the New York Law Institute. Since the burn- tafc of tbe old Cm Hall they have been obliged to provide raome at their ewn expense. Belerred to Use Committee on Finance.A Mveiy dtectusiotB took place as to adopting the plan far bniioir g a County Jail, the estimates tor which exceeded the appropriation asked far by nearly one half; the amountappropriated it$25,COO.Christianity. Toudiscardthedaughterof oneofthefirst Bishops of the church to let her die, because she is aWteley planted, and God had plentifully watered."The church might hav« a few men Coggers ta it, batwbt-re was the church that had not sinners to it? He hadbeen associated sith Southerners, but be hai not m twith a Methodist slave buyer, seller or flagger. The mass tle on this subject; that he would take an-anti slavoryof them were Americans of tbe old school of Washington position In this case. He does not prefer to question theand Jefferson, and there was many a slaveholder who anti slavery on tbia matter, nor the conservative, but bewar better than he was They did not believe in tbe believes both are wrong in taking the stand tbey do—systesnef slavery, but they were entangled in it; they wrong to the discipline or the church. His doctrine is. ifcould not get out; they oould not change the organic law tbere be tares in tbe church, let us root them out withof tbe State and do away with existing Institutions in a tec wheat; If we must lose the wheat, let us rather cult: submit them at the next meetng of the Board.moment, and with tbe pressure of a mighty, potont, vate the tares than to lose both. If slavery is aa evil,The Board then adjourned until the first Tuesday to May.BOABD OF COUNCILMEM.This Board met yesterday at five o'clock P. M , Presi- dent Jones in tbe chair. The minutes of the last meet-ing were read and approved.The Trustees of tbe New York Iaftrmary far indigentwomen and children asked for fire hundred dollars. Beferred to Committee on. Finance.Ccuncilman Cosraxo offered a resolution that the CityInspector be directed to' report to the Board tbe names ofthe Acting Superintendents of the markets and the nemosofthesetowhomcomplaintssh.al.l.b^emaoe.I.ncaseof-v'i~o- B0lation of the ordinance relative to markets. It was adopted. ItA committee was appointed to represent tbe city at the National Sanitary Convention, to be held at Boston.L" inb-r.oed to look at the matter as it is in 1860. HAn appropriation of $2,500 was asked for to pay thespecting the dangerous condition of the Hohoken ferry boats, wbtch are dilapidated and totally unfit for the pur- poses for which they are used. The Hoboken Ferry Com' psny have wholly disregarded the covenants oontained in their grants from the city, and as the lease of the ferry from the foot of Hoboken street will expire on the 80th inst., by the resolution the company are required to sub- stitute more commodious boats in lieu of tbe boats known as the Phcroix and wewark, which are old and totally unfit for use. In advertising the sale of tbe Hobokea ferry on the 30th inst the Comptroller is directed to in- corporate those provisions in the conditions of the lease. Beferred to tbe Committee on Ferries.Dr. KESX^DAY said that In rising It was bard to take astand against this Conference, that takes the steps of ourbrother; but ae want the opportunity of savlng aye ornay, and that he deemed tae proposed alteration unjust. ment, stating that the following were elected Fire War-penFes only be*n paid. Ii was jnsi this that he objacaad to—that is, putting such men In a false position. If Mr. Iincohi was invited here to lecture to the Plysastsh course, an.! tbe meeting t' Cooper Inttitote was a tubst- quent arrangement, it was true, nevertheless, and MM was the mam point, thai au admittance fee war charget for a republican speech; aad the public would aot dss- crimuiate. Tho fact was disfracofm to the party, and ai sucb should be rebuked.Mr. YOT-M; said he thought some action waa called far, at d he moved a resolution to the effect that tbe principles of the rep-blican party being tn favor of freedom to tbs widest scnee of the term, republican meetings should ha held wiib open uoors. In offering tbe resolution be pra- oeeded to say that he had repeatedly expostulateswith members of the Union who wore active hiup the meeting: had told tbem the practice ofan admittance fee was repugnant to the party, and there were plenty of men who woald willingly oontrihato enough to pay expanses. It was only a few days atace, he aaid, that be told tbe principal manager, Mr. Edgar, he believed—A YOKE—He managed the John street prayer meeting last tinier. (Langbtor.)A.\OTHKK Votes—And edited The Way (fLtfe,Mr. Young resumed. He told Mr. sugar that if he would come to his office be would pledge bus $2M If ee- oessary to defray the expense or tbe meeting, and ha (Young) knew he could raise that amount In a lew minutes any time, by going to certain men and layug before them such a case. But no attention was paid ta this offer, and be thought it time to take soma actios, thatthe public might knoa that this club did not approve af such a policy.Mr. Fmcut raid 'lie resolution was good as far at it went, but it did not go far enough. (Cries of good; that's <*) ) He would offer a substitute. He then prostates' atother resolution condemning the course of the Yoasg Men's Bcpub'ican Uc'on by name for chargingtanoe to republican meetings.Mr. SBAKMA.Nthought the original resolution good <but moved to add "free cf charge "Jlr Dtm>HOCTiF. w u opposed to charging sdmtttSM,sno vess opjxHk-d to the resolution, since it would he re- garded as an at'ack upon an efficient and honorable erga- nizattoa, laboring in the &une cause. He thought oae rt-DK.McCLL-mxKthenmovedfortheayeeau\naysonthe Brio resolution, which was seconded The followingare the names of those who voted upoa the resolution:— by their party, and hoped they would carry out their in leaving a deep cut open in Fourth avenue betweenretnarK iua-'.e by a man wheu ustei. ag to the reck-le^ speeches of the atili aiarery men, who sail,"Let her xlitle; I'U take tbe responsibility. ' Tbey toot Kev. Mr. I'KKKI*said his remarks bad been miarepre-therttipcnaibiiitvofdiviiinxthecharcli,andwouldnhr fent»lbjlir.Mcullntock.Hessimp'.ywished,bypre Avas-Aberlr,/dams.LV.Avdrus,-fItBeach.IWBeachviews. HghtysixthandEiphty-seventhstreetsintowbicbamanFerris, W D Perro, KielCs, Foster, Gratx. Hail, Heninn, He- the • Bishop (having to go away, be moved that any ron, a bunt. K Hunt, He Kerr. Lindsay, hv mau McUomber. change ic the gene, ral rule be laid oa the table. Adopted.inspector of sidewalks, and is indicted for receiving bribesI V People ot. Homer B. Hawkins.—The defec lant inthis case was in the employ of the Overland Mail Com-pany. The Grand Jury brought In seven indictmentsHUTS—Bev Messrs Aberlr. Afleb«rg Knmenmui, Bates, Ur. N. BAXU8moved that this Conference concur in the against him—one for forgery in the third degree, and thel'lrah, Blake. 'Vm f-oomer, brown Hurger. Campbell Osad East (ienesee resolutions concerning lay representation in rest for embezzlement and grand larceny of the com-wiek, Cblp. Wm C ttlaik. L Clark, D W CU»k Caruit, <>aw a general and annual Conference. pany's property.to ui u.s ' j s c o w n . U did lpycar to mm that if upon tbe nieetiou. Tbe speaker sai.-, opecly and fairly, •°rd, Vripuer, Croft, Curtis,« oona. A Davta. DandtiG, Dales br. CLAKK said that It may not be appropriate for an 'Ihe People rr. Bemry Karpdt.— The defendant inthe i hurcu were rent a,%t?ii)der, tney ought to permit the that bv »as 0|.;»..-eu io a cliaa^ .n tbe rule, and bewuuu-a tobaveahaad ia tbe business. The arciaters wanted t\.r) raan v> say ''yet or •ao, ' and ••let tho were aot the church, for they only constituted a small best men win He hoped that the sense of justice of theporti.c f tt An elocUon wonli soon U i e place for•le'egatea to the General tbaference and some m.ght Near Ye-rk Conference wo'iiii reject the suDsiilute. HeE?!1"}1-J?1 b3' Kv**s, Ir% Ferris, W reins, Fero Fer/aVn, old man, over eighty,years old, to speak here, but I ask,this case was indicted in the Cnuri of Sessions for the embeKlenaeni of Hour in this city, and was brought back from Montreal under the treaty, tried and acquitted. I h e District Attorney sent other bills against the prisoner before tho Grand Jury of this Court. Mr. Biankman en-think that be desired to "slide in." He prized their frK-t. • k.4v i/tit did cot seek ministerial honors.M'SICH OF REV. PACh H. BROWN.thought they sho'ilo Lave a vote on the Erie rule, because Lamonc T Lumont, MK Lent, LaW I^idgeTXo.inaburr. iTutz,the ma.>or.iy of the conservative conferences had rejectad it. l i e vc.ee cT the Couference would ba stroDg agauast any rbaugt' of rule, and he *a«, therefore, aaxious toMuiar. Molyreaui, he»man, Nichols, J P Newman, o*Uey, Osborne, Ostrander, Orchard, Peck. Prentiss. Foleal, NTSce, BichArdson. Scbermerbom, A F Sellick, J W Selllck, Sbellic*.however, in favor of some change; but as there was soma indeflniteness about it, and as there was general difference, be would put it over to a General Conference.Attorney replied tbat this was a new offence, committed at a diftercci time and place from the- one tried in tbe Ses- sions. The defecdan' then pleaded not guilty. The Court rfire-oicd ihai the case should go on, and both pleas be submH'ed to the jury at the same time. The empanneJR v Tu • R. BROWN-, Preaiu'.ag Eldar. was the m>st nave lii-m vo:e agtmst tbe Erie re«solution. Every man a S t f ^ r . ? ^ J ,W ^mJ,,,• J„B 8mJth- w C 8«ni"'- W if 0Mr. E. E GRU-WOLT.said he believed that friends of the laily were distributed. He bad never introduced the subI>avy, i-tenltser, Decker. DeDahion, k'dwards, Kseleston,Flitch, Fosa, Filter, Puller, Gennmb, Gibson, Wm GOBS. Jno wbo shall elect these lay representations? The AnnualK Goes, .1 DO W Goat, Chas GOM. B Griffin Grimm, Hare, Conference may, bat the General Conference cannot.Hixkersbort U-nrne, Herman, Holmea. Hnff. Harris. IvesJost, Ketell. Kites King Ktnlog. S M Knspp, Reteham, "dA motion to extend the session was carried.Dr. CIRRY said that tbe General Conference had no: theilr W J ?on- Mart*. ataCUntoek, Meade, N Meede, Hewiker, power to reconstitute Itself lor lay delegation; b« was, tered a plea of formerly acquitted, to which the District4T,tMf,ii» S«, Van r>«-tiB«n, Van Gasbrlck. Vincent, Wakatey,quuit.' n for the present, but requested the Generai Con favor "i a change of the rules, ar*! every mau who spoke W ^ i Wa tew. Wa'deU, Washbonrne. Wood, Werk, G Wood- ject of lay delegation in his district When the way is ling of the jury was then commenced, and when eightthe »!\Wt>tcte otivreu by Mr. Ferris. Tbe fiweaker propoatti to calmly consider the question of s!a-,;ry accord-d u g to the slave code itself. He would showbow abhom^st tb? system of slavery was, andits cosaequetK«s 10 the slave, aad in ».i doia^sroii.'i qaote from tneclaws of the Southeru Siates.Ace ij tag to the laws of l.ouusana a slave was one whowaa .a the power of a master to whom he belonged. Ta.-ss^'Sh-r could Sell him, dispose of his p*rsoa, ms He wsa opposed to excluding slaveholders from the church, Industry and labor. The slave could do n> because tbe discipline now excluded buyers and sellers of thing, possess nothing, nor acquire an) taint, but -sUves and women flo^gers. There waa no neei, there-o clockThe Conference then adjourned.the master may correct him, though not with wnosuai rigor. The t»uv».r dements ia Southern paj-ers •tatea that the slaves were "chasii».i«i" ».<ast.i make ajaisoa their vackA. THe itwa ct AKIUI Caroiica say «|** *d*Tw are chauebs and things to al! ateuu and pur-fore, r*f charging tbe rule. What had they to do with the laws of the sjaihern States' No law io, Maryland pre vented a slave frcm reading the Word of God, but there was such a law in Virginia.the time of opening the service had arrived the church was thronged with people even to the portico, there being present about nine hundred persons. After the usual ser vice, Bishop SIMMON- came forward to the desk and gave as hie text the 17th chanter of St. John and 22d verse, read- ing as follows:—"And tbe glory which thou favest me I have given them, that tbey may be on* evon at we are one "'MONDAYS SESSION.The seeslOB was called to order aa usual. Bishop Simp-Income of past year Il!l06 59 Expenditures 23 £M 26 It was announced that the Rev. John N. Gilder of NewCanaan, having purchased a church there, would con tinue it as a school for boys.A Bxoian said there wts a law in Virginia preventing lose* Ttey were aothit•» bui prowty a*-ord!0g to them to tt-acb ,-eor, .„- to read tae Bible.Dr. D. CtKRY made a few remarks proposing tbat tbereshould he an extensive improvement made to the Woe seventy-five men present. Tbe first movement in theE S T ^ T U . "?" to komaissja aad Ke- .ickj slaves w ^re IT. NAIUA said the only law ba the statute book m Vir-g s a was one under the head of " unlawful assemblies,"wli*ch prevented a number of Ave tbe parpose of learning to read.in fc'3 own house. Be was opposed to any new rule, be- The iaw*> of the ! C&UMI It was unacriptural. It was contrary to the New n x r e d oat Tbe Tee-lament; he knew it had no warrant in the letter of the .be. asiaaUr atSaMss? S l ? L , » - t o * & * * ^ £ New Testament. Nowhere in the New Testament couldieyan University, amounting to the sum of fifty thousand dollars at least, which, by a re.-«olutlon, was adoptedMost of the afternoon's session was eonrsumed in re- iwrts and suggestions concerning the Wesleyan Univer- sity. This evening the anniversary of the Missionary So ctety of the New York Eatt Conference, was held, when the Bev. Dr. Derban, D. D., corresponding secretary of tbe Board of Missions, and the Rev. U. S Mae lav, woper-BHrnu.tLSz *^*** fropertj, and oould not ><e sol I fromexercises cf the evening was a regimental parade and thereception of the regimental colors. Tbo minutiae of thismovement appeared to give satisfaction to the spectators.esnecia'ly tho ladies,In witnessing tho unity and celerity coming to a natural divir.on o' parties, m w&teh tne arw- with winch tbe ranks were opened, tbe battalion dressed,w/«e^mlayBar« uL*"* " ^ r****TM^* • « 1 " » ) ymeeting!n man, tbat in tbe mtrtotions of our poutics we were at iaa.Wfori e a » ^ « « l f ""J16 ** ^ 0tb*r ^uiavsrn States, udw lllt rostated wbat had toagr-cn apparent to every »* * *fee i^sad^aa-a? l ! ^ . ^ * * »»*"« *« ** *to AxiataaaZaa7aTt^^ .?* *?****' desiroa ! tewdeesaotpreventthemaster fromteachinghisslavestocraticolemeEtsof sosietv w*re bemg ranged on oaejawe, andtoedamocna. ontheother. ''•^^^/"b **"rr i u j? to every reflecting m.no that the aiuaoos hetweeathe democratic masses «' the Free Smtes and toe stern hoicereof the south, was an «"«£ral U M ' ^tt aiust scoter or later come to an » « • * * « ' " H ^ u V a e t interetts heme diverse and antagomshc. taey <»ukl »» Swa?«bBteptinarenforce.1union ^T^iio^BT that union has existed so ton,,. Wah this eefwatioaei Kortbern ^ e n V r e c v from the Southern aristocracyIt he teat a osab, i k a w p iaa ssssasr ssatss « •I IfU Isawsa srsawar |W USBtsssBwaBVlssw kDssVSMBBV*/^f*^t I-4 sav^•MerdBg to Dr. Hhott ha bad set a sasjadiag tf bmsge evea, sat was M mw sa bhs asasa,Tbe E >i tot- boned tl^aeauoa,i to the qlBK;.«TN wwSNe nenty 10ajBothcr bfotbar that starsry was a grsataVak»*-"t!oon,goo«.") nws*»pwbajiany man find bis warrant for a law to exclude all slave bolder* from the church of God, It could not be foun there. This could he found there, that Steves and Slavs holderstogetherweresdnnttei intothachurchofGodOa that ba would stand. and until they got a new testawill not vote on any subject concerning slavery, as any such role of this body will not be constitutionally suffi- cienttoplaceitrightlybeforetbeGeneralConference,as It will require a two thirds vote to effect such; and tha tbe delegates to tha General Conference be instructed to act ia such manner.tbem upon missionary matters in general.rutted States Circuit Court.Before Hon. Judge Hall:ALLEGED CBUKL AND I'NTJSTJAL PUNISHMENT AT S1A.lmLlfc~fvrn«e(I State ss, Wtn. H. Adam*.—The defendant Is captain of the American ship Susan How- !aad, and is charged wtth cruel anti unusual punishmentToo many spectators were present, who occupied nearlyone half of the drill room, eon-equeatly the movementwere materially interrupted. Notwithstanding this draw - U ^ a t o r a T r c r m ^ tbe sanation of Uie aristocraoy|a ae«slaves to r«s4aa4w/ifta. Waathatsystem right ^ ^'"^?^abto thepresentday. Heopposed the•rwroog AJ the speakers hi tbs ODafaranoa, with one nsxeptiou. sail A waa. Osald that wblob wasisMrailymrdu.« ^>1 , ^^^^'Lr^toB baslT ata^ la co wrantr* If sa. II w«Jl Ml rim b» bold alavea.^UBic-^—" Who says It M •")Mr Vijf!*tTSB»BBBrt*trhaJ'•IrrM^tac-iraasbjMBntberlfbtL,Mr Baow« caatbioed—It adgbt ba possible to - —siavwy less oajaedaaabb), bat, by t ilsiigstores.tbay >e.j wiiclatottoSbe world that it was right to ao as.w6^ ° * « * • € • between Liverpooland the East Indies.It auavary assflm OMDr .jacttoaa ware raised toin ravor of th« substitute, voted again.-:*. the Providence ru.- . [The rrovKitnce rule prohio:tas!avehoidiag.jMr. KKKK:.< and others corrected U:e Doctor. Tbty did n.>! do so except Rev. ilr. Wheatley.OTiixtf'-d to a chacge of tue m'e whi -b wouid make it pro hibitorv Ttt> nai all been in the fog about tbe meaning of the substitute I b e utter impossiblli'.y of getting at woros to iTame a law which would render them liable to icdetiBiteness suouid lea! the '• progressives" to pause. When the time came to a'ter the law, the words wauld corce trippingly no as they did to Miitoti when composing Paradise Lest. Tifl then let thorn 3tiok to the old law.terfni* ta take oaeaaurest lo prevent zaorcjuary slave hu«d«'_:. He trusted that that body woold have the w osa to derwe proper incisures It was thjugnt by man well acqoainw.'.i with the subject that tbe GeneralOuai^rence was the pro;n:r niace from which any impor-tant ^ aange* tn the discipline should emanate. Tbe general CHC.OC among the church on the question of tna agewas thai something should be done. He wasia favor of hit.t -'aveno.'(i.ng for mercenary purposes.) He was ment was taide the special ordty lor Tuesday "at tenl>r. M<-r^i.Nio<K »csi;mo(t—I;? charged that fhosewho voted for U;e CitiCLnnatu rule were n la, or of a change of tbe rul* o' the V scipliae. [The OncUinaUi rcsoluUonB pro-worth, Wright, Wtnans, Zbnmerman-126 «a,v»v»«»On motion of Dr. MCCLISTOCK the record was kept open, in order that those wbo were not present might record their votes in the morning, which waa carriedopen tbe next four years he would give his voice ia the matter.Dr. K>aiMa>Y concurred in the opinion that four years hence they would be better prepared to act, aad act gene- rously.The motion of Dr. N. Bangs on the Genesee resolubon was put and carried unanimously.The session then adjourned until 3 P. M. AFTKANO0N SK3SI0.V.At three o'clock P. M the Conference was again called to order. Appropriations for superannuated preachers were reported upon, amounting to about g6,00(i. The re port of the trustees of theWesleyan University, in Mul- dletown, was then read, stating that thero were one hundred and thirty-eight students, one hundred and eix-jurors had been sworn the panel was exhausted by excep- tions. Arc, and a new panel was ordered ror Tuesday morning.Drill ef tae Seventy-first Rcgiraemt. Tbe Seventy-first regiment, Col. Abram S. Voeburgh, gave a public or exhibition drill last night at the SlateArsenal, corner of Thirty fifth street and Seventh avenue. Seats were provided for spectators, and al out f.tteen hun- dred availed themselves of the opportunity presented, among whom were quite a numi>er of ladies. Before the formation of the regiment tbe regimental band (Dod worth's) entertained the auifienee by playing a serim of quicksteps, marches, and operatic pieces, with good effect.The "Adjutant's Call'' was sonnded shortly after oight o clock, when the tomi.an;e* <inicfc- ly assembler! into their proper places ia line. Tho men were attired in fatigue dress, white cross belt*, fcc. After the regimental formation f.e com- panies averaged about fifteen front, which, With the ofticsrs, made s.n aggregate of about two hundred aadpersonsDr. VJcCuxTOfK—1 remember that that is so ; but thescetitaa wad as a cew discipline, he should never con t o?g* . -Mff- " i s change ot their rule as the MM S ^ * ^ ; The proposed change was inoonalstont with " • W b o t o current at churah history. Brethren that O t o ^ S f ^ i ^ M " ^ P«>P«*t u» innovation uponback, the regiment showed considerable proficiency In discipline.oMheNarto with that otthe South, ft is Northern a*- tocracy is ore based on weelth, commerce, and treat- It is a money aristocracy merely.^7aVaJittn^(«»^U.,S, ^t s l »t »D «n nU ages of theThe geseral declaration is p3rverted by tbe HrrALOiaje an admaeioa Uiat republicanism it natirahy<)pfoaet»» ai) the industrial interests of the country, asd tawj open a discourse of character-RUc exaggerationaaoj, WteB TSw5^*7The BISHOP stated that tbe Conference could send aJne co egates to the General Conference, and their aopoint-The Xew Vork East Conferemcs at Stam- ford, Conn.HARtroHD, Conn., April 10, IStJOAs per announcement Bishop Simpson preached in' theMethodist Fpiscopal church of this village yesterday teen of which are professors of religion. The financial committee or said Univens&y then reported the totalmorning, the services beginning at half-pact ten. Before value of the property of the college was $204 581 00ton presiding. After preliminary business the Rev. Dr.FLOY offered resolutions to the affect that this Conference lut^noent of the China MLsskrn, delivered addresses Deforethe movement of the officers to the front, and all wit- nesreu with the most satisfactory attentionThe other movements consisted of the exerci.-«e in the manual of arms, marching by tbe flank, change of front, formation of div^loos, loading and firing by files, compa- nies, divisions and battalions, formation of the hollow square,reductionofeqoare,&&Bishop S u n o s said that concerning tbe first resolutionit was not in order, unless they reconsider tho time; audunless it was, wecould not take any other action upon the ^ ^ * ^ D ^ « - w , » seaman on board that vessel,Many of the subalterns, however , appear too young andinexperienced to assist in tbe execution of battaHon move-ments, or to instruct with success those under their com-mand, as their drill tart night showed. This fault, how-ever, is not original with the Seventy-first regiment; It isepidemic among nearly all our regimental organizations tianshipis i-reached. 1 will make tins marepr»as»»subject.L* W * ? « , to tbs Wast Indies, and Dr. Fun answered, that not wishing to act against the « o ^ h ^ ^ i " , t o 5 * J ? 0 I ! , * TM a the mate to be himChair,bewouldmoretolayhisresolatioasonthe table, SSlHyiiSftSiS* «»<**»»«»•g*re him seven until the time arrived for taking them op.*«»"*• •"«••«>fof J ^ S L ^ H !JSU?Bd.' "•* *•!»•*« that about the 34Several candidates for admission to membership wereUntitled Documentto be placed on trial, aad after a UtUe raaUae basi- the order of tbe day WW takea up—aamely, the*£.5?g, j» i nave>j«P.wwhaMt> g y h a n taad shipowner,andTbere should be some tost of the qualifications of an officer, and a certain standard of military knowledge pos- sessed by aO officers, before they should be entitled to hold a commission. Passing from this subject, however, the drill last night was tolerably- fair, aad was concluded shortly after ten o'clock.There were a large number of military men present, assent whom were Brig Gen. Wm. Hall, Brig. Major C. H. Smith, aud ex Colonel Duryea ef the Seventh retior. tho occasion of a few observation* elJOsm'Uf • tie further the Idea I expressed. «» -md de- There existsin every countrytbe ^"•^TTf,10taocratic element of society. Ours Is ne' ^TM"^ £ ,rL8to thave the slavehoiding aad planting * V VB. sVSouth, snd the money aristocracy of the Nora- ?J^ fc«,.>tM. •imruw.t «r ihe oountry resides alstou *TM^Lna mnocrattc eiemect ofey have the making ef »•*•£•» tbe free States. The, — .element in the slave States, aad one day ft stay atartbstten ef76Mr KBMVKJ'Y did not approve of tbat plan; said the new bt,iidings would probably settle in a different direction frr-m tbat first built.Finally »he report was recommitte i to tbe Committee oa County Offices, to prepare estimates and specifications, aadence. This, however, is aot the sense of the Conference CxDICTUVHTS AGAINST THE MAYOK AND COMMONALTY pub.Van club ougbt not to go to war with another; thenin general, there betng originally three resolutions before tbem, two of which were aid oa the table, and therefore many did not vote.Dr. HP~\J>KI:SON moved that ail further action on the Cincinnati and Erie resolutions bo laid on the table,-til opted.Kev. 11. BANGS said that bo believed that the delegatesfehould be instructed to go to General Conference, and therefore moved tbat tbe delegates be instructed to go there taking no general action on slavery. Lost.DAMM. DivrMsu said that slavery was dragging down some of the beet members, and that it should be driven from our borders, and If we did not drive it out of this General Conference, it will go on for the next four years, and he felt glad that the young ministers will take action on this abomination.No M, North river, beyond the exterior of tne pier line Rev. M. PEKRY said tbat this (Dr Bang's),motion was tbere established, and against the form of the statute andwas i.ghtir.g encugb to do even when they all stood shau der to Fhoulier.Mr. SKITMOHF offered an amendment declaring that tbs club wouid support no man for the Presidenc/ was re- ceived money tor making a republican speech. (Ltagk- ter )Mr. B< CKLEY ]>rocoeded to defend the Young Men's Be- pi, Micas Union. He knew it .-octained many noble yeaag ir»' n, and it bad done mere thin any other dab during tbe campaign of 18(6. Col. Fremont himself had eoksew- lecgeel this ft ct He thought it was not the bosiaest at one club what another did.Mr. SrxM-KR repudiated the idea that it waa art eat buaines* of this club. Anything concerning the feat same an<l interests of tbe republican party . was toe ban- nest of tin.- club and cf every other one For his part ha disapprove! entire'y eif the course of the Union is thai matter, and he was not afraid nor ashamed to say so. aad he jwesun^ed ihe members of the l.'t.^n bad tuffleisatfB> •>.-Hit for . .-••O'Jom of opinion no; to Construe this late say hostile feeling. If they did he was not respeosjbls Be believed it a duty be owed his party, whose good sastt ameng men was involved in the question, and tat tost had come to utter an emphatic diaa^prova.' of the <of the UnionMr MMcafBM would like to know whomm,of the Union ware that they were sot ta ba criLcJtod. He for one thought tbe club bad a per- lect right te express its opution Of anything er aevbodv, legaraiesa of this man or that maa, and this v»a* a .(Ueation on wh,ch B was a Baatter af duty to --peak oat. He understood that a cemnutteesf this elut, on obtaining permanent rooms, bad conebittd not to engage Stuyveetnt Institute, because tbe Catoa had it a part a tbe tune, and might be jealous if the Oab went to Use sane building For his part.be didaet believe in being frovefned by the wiahss of such sesswsl shysters, wbo were laboring lor their own aggiaadau- ment, iLntea/l of the gooo of the cause. Tbere hadn't been a meeting at Cooper institute that did not saore teas pay «ipeos«"«. lie was opposed to sucb disgrscerulhasl ne^s, and wanted the Club te exprest its opinion soldb/. He was opposed to any halfway work.Ur. Bi i KIAT defended the menbere of the Union, msay of whom were lus personal frierds He thought it tost- peoient to make war on another organization, sad was pained to hear e.icb a term as sbraters appiiad to gaatit- inen whom he knew to be earnest and etfeetoal worsen for the cause. Be was opposed to the reroiutioa aad Me am cdrr.ests, and mover, that tbey be on the table.Thfc wt*;"-..'. to vote and l<<*t.Jif.. a Vtj-n sail it wts aviJent ao etitck oa lbs YouBt Men's Jlepubiioan Union a s s mediuteo, nictated, he belx-vt'd, by iitraoral icouvct. Ce proceeded is de- fend it.o 1 <r.ci:i.Mr. S'-K-v<at disctt'rne^ personal feoin-r* ia the matter, an<l ea.a b<» aid not behave ther*' was a precedent fbr a political speaker charging mare than his expenses.Alter a 'jot <-.;«.,.csian the: amendmcLte were all voted down until a!r r'pencet's was taken up, which was ear- ned, and thus the action of tbe Union was cendesaaed Mdirect terme by tbe (Icb,TMe BUtck Kepubllesm I««*'ini. JtATKEIAI. INTERESTS OK TUT PI^PIE EP*1" • * SACRIFICED TO FAN'ATTCIB*.iKrom the WaiUjigtoi! Correspondence (Apri. 11} ot taw New York Tribune ]The Ksw YCRX Hjau:i> repubUbe- my l«uer on iae Connecticut election, ano mate* nthe 'ext w a i«*-«g article, in which It indulges in it? usual r*rverstoa»i ipany—Th» defendants are indicted for culiiable neglect VtoftoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wa^JuS* I *••* WO dnCssUM, ttsM Mr*www.fultonhistory.comfat this ease l that it was aot0 tor'euclfofMMp — tor 