 tobeataA tlmilaaiUiij an <Tii TTTitoo, iron Quebec, arrired at look through (smoked) glasses, tbe greatest interest is still attached to aflalrs la, Italy and Sicily. Garibaldigeat. of the same regiment, in citlaens dress. After thesides that club there is another similar institution ofMATOR WOOD'S SPEECH.MR. PRXSIDBST! A*D GESTLKSDW—I regret exceedinglyTbefollowing aretbe Brougham, which he is reported• • eLordBroBghamadded findthat,ootwithstaad1 hiewordin bringing a way afasted Uthe Congress. (Bear, bear.) Mr. DaOat wovM OKUM ate ' grtatfieatmrtthebtertiHgaPr. Oelany, the negro gem Brougham, said—1 thank yon, muchforthektedalius**beg to assure you and all too,amanum.(Greatc. room.)SYRIA.remarksof lordGaribaldi,andtbeheroisBOWmakingallpreparationsO'Connell,PeterReynolds,Breen,EganConroy.John Nolan, Wholahan, Ryan, Brinly, Francis Carroll, Andrew Carroll. Purcell, Scott, James Reynolds, Dale, Tieman,tosaywhetherthesametheoryandpracticesofgovern- ment, toe same competition, tbe same buying and selling of legislation shall be spread throughout toe country and1.Flatrace,600yards,opentoNovaScotiansonly.2. Fat race, 600 yards, open to all.8. Flat race, 300 yards—boys not over eighteen or un-Fbacgbae exchange was at 6*. sLd. Hostilities were about to commence.inlbes*,AsChangeofPlanfortheU Oter ffce Water—WhatAc Ortat Modem at .ViewExcept tbegreatecltpee, whichat tbis presentmo-"':'"1-,_„,, _T"""7„r»voda*imparta*sinsfinteifr*•*Ft Bl BOtAlaJrata Syria were 7beie*nothingofimportancefromSicily ThelaawrorofAustriaandPrinceofPrussia areaboutment—forty-nine minutes past two P. M.—is throwing ashadowovertbe faceofthings, andmaking tbepeople pearedinregimentalfatiguedress;LieutenantColonelMu- forthemostpart,Ifnotentirely,officeholders. Butbe- risingandgivingbimrepeatedcheers. Hesaid:—Tbe steamship Adriatic, fromn Neiw York, arrived a tTbe LiTerpool cotton market cloaed dull a t Been o f Tuesday, tbe 24th. The ealm of that day were estimated M M N t t M l . T h e aaleaof the week ending 1Mb ware s j ^ bates, aad of Friday ( O O t o M ^ bates.Flour and wheat closed with i l l advancingpected,andwith goodreason,tobeunder tbedirectin- spirationofCount Oavour,andthroughhimoftbeEm- peror Napoleon. Cavour is going to sell the Siciliansif be can, there is no doubt. Against this Garibaldi will use aB his power. In Napks aflairs are all in a state of dread- fulsuspense,worse,ifanything,thanactualhostilities.In a London paper of today you will see an account from tbe correspondent ofthejournalofa youngmanwho aailed from Boston l a 1853-oativity o r citizenship notBroomestreettotheWestchesterHouse,where theKm mete will bequartered duringtheirstayinNewYork. Across tbe Bowery from the Westchester House was hung an American flag, bearing the following inscription:—(Two hands clasped.) IRISHFtmEERS,'"A"CO.,60THREGIMENT.EMMET GUARD, OF NEW HAVEN'.Similarnagswere hungtofront ofthearmory,No.43 Prince street, which w a s also neatly decorated withhavenoobjectiontoto)whenever anopportunity turns up—aratherbleakprospectforthemjustnow.It was so recently as April last that this important po- litical movement wan s e t on foot b y a few energetic young democrats, of whom Mr. J . Augustus Page, of New York,claimstoheldtb*firstplace. While hisclaimto betbefounderoftoejuvenilemovementisgenerallycon- ceded,therearemanyaspirantsfortbepost ofleader.assemblage of young men, for I nave learned to know that where there is youth there is enthusiasm,and wherethereisenthusiasmthereisenergyofpurposeand integrity of purpose. I congratulate you upon the auspi cious indications of the times—upon the general prospe- rity of the country—upon the abundant crops which our mother nature has vouchsafed to us, and that our com- merce and manufactures and all tbe elements o f nationalgreatnessareprospcroi Union still stani' governmentisstillmain for us to hand down ourtestedroundthefield. ThetroopsconsistedortheSixtysecondsadSixty-thirdregiments, a company of engineers, and firs vitnatiar companies of Infantry sad one of artillery.CorniwasdnB., ~ f ir^aarnlly dull.,atnoonoftbe04th,03tfaWtf.When these had formed into line he rode pant with bis staff,and received them admirably,receiving themost jplanse)—tliat this glorious hearty cheers from tbe multitudes tbe whole way, whichGREAT BRITAIN.Tbe traveler of the ©arwey contract to the CanadianhsebMbeeacaaeeUed. The Meaner, of that line names, *wtb. leave Liverpool o n TberaOays, OsBtog at London- ierry en Fridays, commencing with tbe next steamer.It wet reported that the GaJway eJeeto* are aboutto sal an lev lAwnr to rcakja hhi seat m Parliament.The Parliamentary proceedings were unimportant.Tbe | i i nama t bad withdrawn the Bank Supply billi of time to pans it.a, at the llslkalnsl nsnsTias, am^atoed."toMr. Dallaa relative to the preaenceor a Iany intention of Uault orstated—whobeebeenaprisoneratBorneandNaples, AmericanandIrishfinis,andbetweenHoustonandPrince Mr.Page,likemanyotheroriginators,inallages,finds paired. AllourfederalAfcairs m Syria were UBChanged. Matters continued to wear a very grave aspect.' horrible news has ar- for this occasion, were in waiting to convey tbe military murdered, and among on an excursion to the Newark Bay Bouse, on tbe Passaic them the British Consul, the American Consul being river. At this point tbe military were joined by their families, female friends and sweethearts, all combined forming a very happy throng. The day was beautiful, and the trip down the harbor,and tbe view of Governor'spressicn of bis grief at tbe event* which have transpired, and promising an eflurt to re establish order.It w a s reported that the Russian government bad ex- pressed a desire to act in harmony with France andftigtaaflPRAMICE.The Paris Bourse was doll; rentes closed at 68.TO.NAPLBB.Tbe Neapolitan ministry withdrew their resignations,He King having takes decisive measures to secure the » .fcerecceof the troops to the constitution.The Neapolitan government bad ordered the removal of it e royal guard, the abolition o f t b e punishment of t h e tutxado and the suppression effsecret dungeons.AUSTRIA ANDIPRUSSIA.Tbe Emperor of Austria and j Prince Regent of Prussia* • re to bold a Conference at Tobliti la a few days. Other German sovereigns wetre<expected to participate.vi) r INDIA AND CHINA.Tbe Bombay mail of June 32 lad reached England.Tbe Red Sea cable bad resumed working.Hong Kong dates are to June 7. Exchange, 4s. lOd; atstrengthen their naval force la the Medtierranean? Oneor two American war vessels tbooid be at each of two orseveral important points—Xaples, Messina, Smyrna andConstantinople. American: commerce, American tra- Email boats. This w a s all accomplished in the utmostmarching en Pekn; bat tbe statement lacks confirmation.COMMERCIAL ratELLIGKNCE. LIVERPOOL COTTON MAJUXT.LivKRrooi, July 30,1860. Tbe brokers' circular reports t h e sales o f the week a t 63,000 bales, of which 4,000 were on speculation and 18,000 fcr export, t b e market opened firm b u t closed quiet, owing to holders exhibiting more desire to sell. Thesales of Friday were 1,000 bake, of which 3,000 were to speculators end exporters, tbe market closing quiet at tbe following authorised quotations:—lutipns will occur to in ipt business, science and t h e on Thursday, t h e 3 d o f August next, at half past eight arts of peace never stop a their progress. The clever, o'clock A. M., to escort the Emmet Guard of Sew Haven.lanceof thestock is considerably damaged by water, probably to the extent of $10,000; insured as follows :— Gebhart,$2,600; Commenwealth, $2,600; Brooklyn, $2,600; Firemen Fund, $2,600; l'henii, $2,000; Metropolitin, 02,600; Washington, $2,600; Harmony, $2,600; Rutgers, $2,600; Empire City, $2,600; Atoa, of Hartford, $2,600;eyesof theladiesintberoomaad gallery watchingbin every movement and gesture, and casting envious glances at b i s fortunate partners. I beard more than o n e whisper,"Whatabeautifuldancer,'as heglidedtothe waits. He rests his partner frequently, sad nils up tbe Interval with cheerful cum steal Ion and remarks upon tbe company. HIS finest feature is h is nose, which is be- comingly prominent sad nearly a Roman.Tbe weather is beautifully fine and all Halifax Is one grand carnival.• i'— Pemoatal latelligeacn.MMli*a. 9/%Vplaads. ....L..I 0 *The stock in port is estimated a t 1,287,000 bake, ofwtch 1110,000 are American. 8TAT1 OF TttPI.In the Manchester market there is but little inquiry for goods, and prices are weak.Nfw OrtaUBst*•••-••-»• «.*- 1*«.i«••••*«•• «>»- uvnrooL Bjou-Bwrtrw MABUT. The weather has beeB fevuraOte tar tbe crops.the Straits o f BeUeisle B, the anticipated a n d often the people of the entire nationEmmet Guard to visit Walloon's theatre. Tbe following is the invitation and the reply to it —WALLACE'S THEATEE, July SI, 1800.Wake- field, Nash A Co., and RtebsrdenB, Spence A Co., reportCoi- COBCORAE:—Sir—I herebyextendanin\iutiontotheofficersofyourre-> % r . , JurytheEmmetGuardthroughthemedium ofa salvo ofar- tillery fired by company F, Fourth regiment of artillery, Captain McMaboo. Tbe military visitors were receive.! onreachingtbelandingbytbeIrishrnsileers, company A, Sixty-ninth regiment, Captain H, C. Flood, accompanied by Manahan's band. Tbe escort numbered one hundred andfivemenalltold. Amongthjsewhoassembledtowel- come the " Emmets" were Colonel Michael Corcoran, thenately at the disposal of tbe Executive.an these have tot to the argaaisatlon of young men s democratic associations;and nowthereIsarivalrybe- tween them a n d their more antiquated coworkers There Is a Young Men's Democratic Union Club, which hasroomstoUnionplace,butthatdoesnotconcernthe objectofthepresentwriting. Itsmembersaresaidtobemassmeeting,andthatifmemberswanted to hearMr. Wood speak they should g o outside a n d haewblm ad drum them. After the eihibHlon of considerable feeling on this point, the readingof tbe list was proceeded with, theSecretar)performingtbatdutywithremarkablera ntdtay.A committee was then appointed to invite Mayor Wood to addresstheConvention,business being suspendedto hear toe address. As Mayor Wood entered he was greeted with vociferous;applause, thewholeassemblyOXIn calling this large and respectable Convention of tbe Non-commissionedstaff,bandanddrumcorpstotbe ?oungdemocracyofthegreatButeofNewYorktoorder,alternately: a tstreetstoBroadway.Tbe following is a list of the Emmet Guard, who ar-rived yesterday morning—Officer*—Oapt. Thos. W. Cahill; Lieute. Patrick Maher,Michael McCartea, James Wrinn- Ensign McLaughlin. Quartermarter McGowan; Judge Advocate Iawler; Com-' missariat Williams; Engineer McCaffrey; Assistant Pay- master Geary; Assistant Engineer Brinley; Captain of Pioneers, John Carroll.Seryantt—HeBnesy, Williams, MoCabc Reilly. Corporate—Cook, McKeon, Sheridan, Reilly, McEvers. Pr&o/«~Fahey, Keefe, John McCusker, McCarthy,hispathbesetwithrivals,whoenvybisposition,sad think themselves morn eminently calculated to discharge its high functions.national. Whilstthed<defeated, yet all admin:patriotic. Even the administration of Jobn Adams was national. Iat»^cowmppwre—hwenMdeMd t»hWe wnuhuoilet wcoumntir^yi, tuhne Soouutuhi as well as the North sad the East.. The administration oftonelllt b e former a n d undert b e most horrible circum-place by direct order of An-himself,of torture, filth, privation, eaten up with ver-conftned for months in a privy—tortured tbe rack to get from him information that be did not , till his bones •'cracked;" and now he is permit- ted to come out, and so near dead that it takes two men to support him, and be exclaims wildly, "Where am It" This is related personally by tbe victim to tbe cor-will end in this case " time will tell," as the almanac makers ray.tirely consistent with the welfare of the whole country. But no party acting under the same banner as the black republican party, has ever Inflicted an administration on the country. Tbat experiment hasgottobetried; andletyouandmeandallofuslaydownourlivesbe- fore we permit such a calamity to be perpetrated. (Ap- plause ) W e know h o w w e bare suffered in this Staterespondent himself. A B this time h e h a s never been Greene, Sbandley, Rogers, 8uUivan, Timothy Sullivan,desire to restrict their beneficial influence to New York. from black republican administrations. W e have nowtried o r been allowed to plead? B o w long will such cruelties last?Lynch, Gunnip, Hope, Murphy, Cornelius McCasker, Reilly, MoCullough. McGinty, Dolan, Hefferan, Liddy, Farmer, Patrick McCarthy, Michael Nolan, Conlta, Bohan, Regan, Mulcahy, Dervin, Donaghue, MoGreal," No pent up UUen restrains their powers." They would our State credit repudiated. Our State tax has been , He next inspected tbe citadel, aad returned to toego forth and proclaim tbe gospel of young democracy increased 400 per cent in five years. And now Government House to luncheon,after wbicb be returnedthis faction, under the plea of freedom and to.the Common to witness tbe rustle sports, wbicb wart throughout tbe State, sad throughout the whole land. humanity, has gone on till the great Empireto attack Messina. That will be a magnificent battle, and• *mustresultisthefalloftikeplace.AstotheintentionsCor.Sullivan,O'Brien.'pointaYonngMen'sDemocraticStateCentralCommittee,and the thing being resolved upon| it was then and there carriedlateexecution,andtbefollowingnamedpersonstransferredtothenationatlarge.I,therefore,saytodersixteenyearsofage.have explained;—Pdb^*"—awn***dj*j qten^a *v ofFranco,everything isasmuchconjectureasever. AldermanMunaon,ofNewHaven,accompaniesthe ' badbeentrueto ThattheEmperordoesnotintendtoalloweitherthe Guard.were,bythemeetingtoquestion,"dulyappointed''such committee:-*everyAmericanpatriotthatbeiscalleduponatthiscrisis 4.Hurdlerace,200yards—eighthurdles,threefeetsix totoyasideallpersinalandpoliticalprejudicesandrally inches—opentoall.day,itbad inBO_ofhe' hoped kii gentlemanlpreeent that I, completed, then they are to b e swallowed whole, chick the line was broken into column by platoons, and proceed-6. Championrace,opentowinnersoftheabove. 0. Runninghighjump.7. Running wide jump.8. Vaulting.9. Running bop, skip and jump.10. Climbing greased pole.11. Sack races. 12.Puttingshottwenty-fourpounds,opentoall.SiciliansorthePiedmcatese to have tbeadvantagesofother innocent amusements. A t three o'clock in the af mixednp. IdonotbelieveLordPalmerstonholdsoffice ternoonarecherchebanquetwasservedupinthehotel,except o n sufferance. I t i s expected that Mr. Gladstone will toon leave t h e Cabinet, followed b y Lord John Russell and Mr. Milner Gibson. The peculiar attitude of the House of Lords on tbe Paper bill, t h e growing unpopularity o f t h e Frenchtreaty, and the inc expenses consequent upon the w a r in China—the sum of $30,000,000 being asked for now—and other matters have all combined to throw upon Mr. Gladstone and hit friends, including Mr. Gibson and Mr. Cobden, a responsibility and an odium that the real state o f tbe case does; n o t warrant. Mr. Gladstone does not deserve the present weight of his unpopularity, and be is too independent to remain long the football of such circumstances—circumstances that he did not cre- ate and cannot control.Aflairs on the Continent look more and more warlike, and this adds to the Cabinet and Parliamentary complica- tions here. I think nothing c a n keep Europe at peace five months more, and it remains for John Boll to decide who his friends shall be—a decision for which he does net appear t o b e in a hurry. A n additional link, in the shape of another prince (or pnaces) seems about to be created, binding the English (Ger- man) and Prussian (English) thrones still nearer to- gether. Mr James Clark has been summoned to Berlin, and Qneen Victoria is soon to follow.wbicb was partaken of with zest by the excursionists.They returned to the city shortly after eight o'clock last night, highly pleased with their trip.Tbe Emmet Guard are a fine representative of Connecti- cut citizen soldiery: the one physique of the men, tin erect and martial searing and toe regularity of their marching, redounds to the credit of the "City oT FJms."Tbe rnsileers will assemble at their armory, at a quar- ter past eight o'clock A. M., to day. and receive their guests, then proceed u p Bowery a n d Fourth avenue t o Union square, and down Broadway to City Hall, where they will be reviewed by the Mayor and Common Council; after which they will march up Broadway < to Broome street, to Westcnester Bouse, where both companies will dine at twelve o'clock M. At two o'clock P. M. both com- panies will parade in fatigue uniform, and proceed by tbe Third avenue cars t o Central Park, returning a t s i x o'clock. A t half-past seven o'clock t h e officers of the Sixty-ninth will take charge of the Emmets, as the guests of tbe regiment.Tbe tire, it appears, originated on the fourth floor,which was unoccupied. The sudden bursting of the wet, and the illuminations in consequence were not ge-AStatistical Congress of all nations has just assembledand! deliberated here in lxindon, with Prinoe Albert respective commands, to report folly uniformed, armed as Chairman, and a French Scientific Congress is and equipped (white trowsers), to Lieut. Colonel RobertOn tbe subsequent day, the 13th or June, the Commit- tee on Organization issued.a call for such Convention, de- signating Saratoga as tbe place, and the 21st of Julyas the time, to bold tbe tame. It is in pursuance of such call that the Young Men's Democratic,, State Convention meets here to-day.It ought to be remarked, before any further account of the "important political movement" is given, that tbe Joung democracy sustain tbe nominations of Douglas andohnson, while tbe Young Men's Democratic Union Club manifesttheirpreferenceforBreckinridgeandLane.Tbe Convention assembled in the large bail room of tbe United States Hotel, which was partially decorated for tbe dress ball that was to take place in the evening.Tbe attendance o f delegates w a s quite respectable. there being probably a couple of hundred present. These, however, were not exclusively delegates, nor exclusively Douglas men,forwenoticed, amongothers,Mr,RA. Godfrey, of New York, a member of the Young Men's Democratic Union Club, and a supporter of the Breckin- ridge and lane ticket. Many ladies stopping at the hotel were accommodated with seats.The Convention was called to order by Senator LAW- RKICB, of Queens county, who said:—Loss about $3,000; insured.The building IS owned by Mr. J. Fowler. It is damaged tal waltaer and a very entertaining partner.about $6,000; insured. The ball is a great success, sad Albert Edward lato binNo. 08 Nassau street—Occupied by T. Strong as a book glory. He evidently likes being lionised, and isfondof and print store. Tbe lire extended into toe upper floorsand destroyed a very large stock of valentines. The ba- gayety and excitement. It is amusing to observe tbewill each order a detail of ten, rank and file, from their It w a s reporttd that 12,00$ Russian soldiers were soon to assemble at Cherbourg. Though wars and revo- Nugent, at tbe quarters of C Company, Eagle Drill Booms,versatile, humerous, 1 ted a n d excellent Christian gentleman, Judge A. B. igstreet, of Georgia, author of "Georgia Scenes," Ac., ably represented the statistical learning of tbe United States at the Congress. Long may he live |Great ships have to back and fill a number of times be-fore getting fairly in or out of dock. Another change ofplan is announced for tbe Galway line. It is now render-ed certain that h e r Majesty's government have act con-sented, and will not consent, to a transfer of the line andthe service to the Canada Company. It is a very sensibledecision of theirs no onmcaa doubt. What were tbe lineand tbe contract projected for? Why, certainly tor a firstclam,swift,paddlewheellinefromGreatBritaintotbe linewillbeformedinthedivisionarmoryathalf-pastCnjted States, connecting Galway and the ports of New York and Boston. A curious w a y to accomplish that, certainly, would be to pot the mat's on a slow line of screw steamers sad send them from Ireland to Quebec! Tbe great balk o f t h e oerrespondence (8,000,000 letters to 700,000) is between Greet CriUin and tbe United States, not to Canada. This government makes mail con- tracts, cot to lay out money as a gift an her colonies, but to accommodate t h eeight o'clock P. M.Field staff and troop will report (dismounted) to t h eCommandant, to the armory, at a quarter past eight o'clock P.M. tBrown, Esq., Secretary a n d Interpreter o fand social interests tion. With this old tubs, running and the river S t . boasted postal advaai and the great commerc about all sunk, ltisncvaried postal, commercialofthe [people of the na-votedbytbeCommonstoBus- Haves,toattendthisestablishmentonanyeveningduring 30s. Wheat nrm, and Id. higher since Tuesday, red 10s. mm it. It will soon be tled one way or tbe other, to their stay in this city, yours, truly, « , „ „ « „ „ -ple of self government which Mr. Douglas advocates— tbat principle ef self government to defence of which the Coloniesrevoltedfrom their mothercountry,andunited in a pledge of life, liberty and sacred honor, upon tbe fearful issues of war, and over which they triumphed and achieved for themselves and posterity a victory which3d. alis.3d.,whitelis.alSe.j6d. Corn dull,andM-n Is iower, but steadier at the cieee; yellow 10s. a 30s. Od.. white 84s. a 84s. «d.uvxaroo L monaiON XAJtur. Beet benvy and bregnmr. Pork quiet: prtLard Brm and alighUy Ue. ssked for prrme.iv a ana.Caroline, 38a.28s. Cd. Rosin steady lurpsatiae dull at Us.the meantime, sot con with a ten sided quarrel of the real Kilkennyorder,v to the Atlantic Royal MailW. J. FLORENCE. H*ADQUARTERS,0>TBREGIMI.VT,V.% B.M. )• AnoKAi CADETS, NEW FORM, 31ST JOLT, 1890.1Fish oilThe building is alio owned b y Mr. Fowler, damaged about $4,000; Insured for $17,000 in the fonowingin- soranoe companies:—Aster, Be*man,HamiltoosndWU- liamsbnrg city.101 NASSAU BranW,NEWYORX,July 31,lftOO.JAMES GOBDOX BEXXETT, S W =—for tbe presnrvatkfn of our property, next to tbeCompany is threatened Irish shareholders, a *i chancery by a few of the knot of the liberal party got they could not obtain posses-jwnrMi millionreaders•fory sidefr**?*y*!1*g^gj«*•Qwrtiltnan towfrom tbe NEW Yonx HERAID bare tx seattoeasw. Iwyoneherothat "our Yankee cousins" have given tbeNothmgTHECAMPAIGN.Hoo«eof1Mr LOWE, of democrat), rose governed by tbe iMr. VAX Alias, ofThe motion was agreed to.anthe mini oftbeARRIVAL 0 9 I B moorTHBB BjecKTTlON—IXamglON DOWN THEFrom the 3d of the current month up to tbe present military e a r . nival. It was introduced by t b e grand Fourth o f Jury display o f the entire t i n t Division N e w York State Militia, followed by the ten days encampment of the gal- lant Seventh regiment at Camp Scott, Staten UBad, and this was succeeded by the visit of the gallant littk band of Chicago Zouaves, who were followed b y t h e arrival of the Savannah Republican Blues, a n d Mat, though b y no means the least, by the visit to this city of tbe EmmetGuard, Captain Thus. W. Cahill, of New Haven.SPEECH Of MAYOR WOOD,There seems t o b o n o good reason why the control.or democratic politics to this State should be monopolized by veteral politicians o f tbe Dean Richmond and Peter Dagger school, nor why the fame and offices arising fromaccomplished Commandant of theSixtyninth,whoap-Atsevenjo'clockbothcompaniesbreakfastedatBrooks'. Assemblyrooms,inBroomestreet,neartheBowery, undertothestandardofhisciuntryforthe sake ofthe Unionand the country. New York la the centre of thisgreatcontest. BadItheselectionoftbecandidateandplatform for toe democratic party, I am free to saytbat tbat candidate and that platform would not be whatthey are. But I save feasrinced my own predilections,and sow I say that the Only way to prevent black repub-lican triumph is by rallying to the standard of StephenA.Douglas. (Applause.) Heisworthyofalloureffortstbedefeatsad thediscomfitureoftheBourbonswithout thecatershlpof'minehost"ofthe WestchesterBoose. Hon. E.A.Lawrence,ofQueens,Ch'n.,Everything in tbe shape of creature comforts was pro- John Arnott, Jr., ef Chemung, vice " France sharing in the spoils is perfectly certain. What vided on the occasion, and after a reasonable length of Joseph W. Corlies.Jr.,«f New York, T'r.were the Bourbons made for? Why, certainly to sit on time, those who partisipated in the bounty expressed B C. Page, of New York, Secretory,Dist# 1—William J. Shea, of Richmond. 2—O. Rlngersoll, of Kings. 3—femuelF.Barger,ofNewYork. 4—Henry ft Tnwnsend. of New York. 5—JamesD.Morgan,ofNewYork. 6—Edward L. Conies, of New York. 7—M. A. Gilchrist, of New York. 8—J. Augustus Page, of New York. 9—James ft Little, of Putnam.10—R. Y. Grant, ef Sullivan. 11—George V . Pratt, of Greene. 12—AmWoreWager,oiDutcness. 13—John Moran, ef Recesalaer.11—J. Wesley SmRh, of \lbany. 15—Hiram ft. Harris, of Warren. IBV-JOBB Ross, of Essex. 17—fftstonfmaS, of St. Lawrence. 18—Dan. Sfsaker, Jr., of Montgomery. 19—Schuyler Crippan, of Otsego. 20—Robert number, of Oneida.21—C. P. Cole, of Cortland. 22—Ihidley furling, of Oswego. 23—DewittC.West,ofLewis.24—A. B. Caldwell, of Onondaga. 26—FinlayII.King,ofCayuga. 26—Jared flandford, of Seneca. 27—John J. Van Allen, of Schuyler. 28—Lester ft Faulkner, of Livingston. 29—GeorgeW. 1-ewis. of Monroe. 80—Jobn B. Skinner, 2d, of Wyoming. 31—C. G. Beach, of Orleans.32—A. P. LanmLg, of Erie.38—F. A. SSXton, of Cattaraugus.The next step in tbe movement was tbe calling of aState Convention to concert the future action of the young democracy. Thai was anterior to the assembling of the Baltimore Convention. Tbe State Central Committee ap- pears to have met in New York on the 12th of June, and to have adopted tbe following resolution :—Resolved, That a Yonng Men's Pemocratie State Convention,ing National Democratic Convention at Baltimore, and for the transaction of sttch other and further business as may be deemed proper and necemery; and that the coomittee on or- ganization be and are hereby requested to issue the call for thea alluded to "by LordLord Broixhjyn. veryvemadetome;suaI hatchtherestfortheBoadpartes. Ifinculcationisnot inBroomestreet,rightrestingontheBowery,afterwhichfromallpartsofthe•narrow'santistorted.«<ltotbefootofSpringstreet,wherethesteamboatJohnL. royal cuckoo. Lockwood and the barge Washington, chartered expresslyinterestsofthepeople,[hisproperappreciationofthe 14.Boilsandtreacle.eggs for a thousand years, addle a great number and themselves perfectly satisfied.At half past eight o'clock tbe battalion line was formedafter with longing From Syria, andrived, rrve n r -principles of the black republican party, I cannet hesitate as between him and Abraham Lincoln, for between them rests tbe contest—(Applause)—in tbe State of New York. Let OS, therefore, endeavor to save the State of New York. Let the Bell men and tbe Breckinridge men make acommoncausewithustoac:omplishsogloriousa pur- pose as the defeat of the black republican party. (Ap- plause)Mr. Wood cohtined with great power to discusstbe principles involved in toe struggle, until the hour ar- rived for tbe departure of the tram, when be retired amidst tbe most' deafening enthusiasm.The Convention then adjourned until seven o'clock P. M., when Governor Footo, of Mississippi, and other emi nent gentlemen would make speeches16. Wheelbarrow blindfold. ixxiAx srotfrs.10. Flat race for Indians, 600 yards; tbe also run in tbe champien race.17. Bows and arrows.18. Grand Indian war dance. 19. Greased pig race.The Indians in their sports all wore their national cos- tume, and attracted much attention. The tribe o f MK- macs performed a war dance before him.Seven thousand people were assembled around him at this time. H a laughed heartily at tbe ludicrous games and scenes, and appeared very much interested in ton foot racing.wounded. This government and France are determinedto hold Turkey responsible a n d demaed instant protec-tion for all resident people, whether Christians or not,vettion, and bad notified thaother governments, 1Border sad reparation for these outrages. The poor Turkey may Island, Bedlow's bland, Raritan river, New Brighton,Francs was actively preparing for a powerful toter-be killed, plucked and out up sooner than was antici- Bergen Point and other interesting localities, were pated. Would M not be Well for yoorgovernmeatto highly appreciated by all. Tbe grove at Newark Baywas reached at twelve o'clock, but in consequence of the low tide and tbe grounding of the steamboat, some time elapsed in tbe disembarkation of the excursionists invellers and American missionaries demand protection,and should have it, and at) such a juncture as this theorder and without accident, after which the pleasure seekers enjoyed themselves beneath the shady grove in proximity totbeBayHouse,whileothersengagedinpowerandImportanceofthenationshouldbefeltandacknowledged. Our domestic politics here seem badly terpsichorean festivities on the lawn and Ina variety ofHedinedathalf-pastseven,witbfiftyguests,attheGo- Additional Particulars o r t b e Fire i n vernment House.i Nassau Street. Tbewholetownandthefleetintheharborarebril-ARRAXGKBrjrrg FOK THE BCTABItTRB OF THE Gr ARD.By order of the State Committee, K. A.LAWRENCE,Chairman.Second floor, front part, and theFifth floor, were occupied by the proprietors of the»STKCIAI ORDERS, SO. 1 9 .Tbe commandants of line companies in this regimentSrxTT-NniTHRsGrsuorrN. Y. S. M,\Captains Felix DuCTy and James Kelly, Lieutenants Wm. Butler and Theodore Kelly will also report fully uniform- ed and equipped to the Lieut. Colonel at the same time and plane.By order of Colonel Michael Corcoran.JOHM McKEON, Adjutant.North Western, $2,600; $5,200. Total $00,400.The building isMr. Fowler and is ins aurance Companies.No. 10S NASBSC ' Lyon, agent, dealerN e w York Fire and Marine,SPBCUX 0BDXTW, SO. 9. HxADqcAKTxxs, NEW YORX, July 28, 1800.' about $600.in the Eagle and Broadway In-—Basement occupied by J. W.paper stock. Damage by waterThis regiment will assemble fully uniformed, armed and equipped (white trowsers), o n Thursday evening, tbe 3d o f Ajust next, at half-past eight o'clock P. M., to escort tbe Emmets on their departure.,. 0600 in Mechanics', 0060 in Kings about $000; insured foiCounty and $500 in tbe! Anchor Insurance Company.First floor, corner of Ann street, occupied b y Aaron Josephs, dealer in clothing; stock removed. Damageby water and soiling about 0600; insured lor $1,000 to Excelsiorand$1,000toFiremen'sFundInsuranceCom- panfctaFirst floor, adjoining clothing store, occupied by Mark Coba, dealer in books a n d prints. Damage b y water about 0500; insured fcr $8,000 in St. Nicholas, St. Mark's and Commonwealth Insurance Companies.The five upper floors were occupied by the following parties:— • i,R. Ayres, dealer hi masons' regalia. .Loss 0100; BO in- surance. Publication office of the Ti-antcript; loss 0300; insured for $1,700 in ^ t o a , of Hartford; .Etna, o f New York, and Commercial. J. H. Kirk, engraver sad prin- ter. Lorn $100; insured $600 in Metropolitan. Mr. Noyes, broker;damage$60;insuredinBrooklynInsuranceCom pany $100. Sparks & Britt, wood engravers; loss 0100: no insurance. The household effects of Jeremiah O'Con- nor,janitoroftbebuilding,wereentirelydestroyed.Loss aboat $400; the property was insured, it is mid, iu a company which lately failed. B. D. Beiderhase. silver chaser. Lorn $400; insured $600 to Hudson County Mutual, of Jersey City. A . fe. Thompson, broker, bad about $3,000 worth of fine goods and sewing machines on the floor totally destroyed; no Insurance.A. H . Rogers, dealefr in silver platod goods. Loss 0600. insured for $2,000 in Citizens' and New York Fire andAdjutant at the same time.By order of Colonel Michael Corcoran.JOHN McKEON, Adjutant. To night the Emmets and their hosts will visit Niblo'sGarden, by invitation.transferred to a few Aninvitationhasbeenextendedtoandacceptedbyfthemay be permitted to remark that the sight here pre- sentel and the enthusiasm here manifested by the stout hearts and strong arms o f the young men o f our State, who have left their hay fields and their workshops as did our fathers in former times, to pledge their words and sacred honor each to toe other to sustain sad defend tbat great principle of self government—that great question of popular sovereignty, and its great champion of tbe West,is a sight such a s h a s never before been presented. (Loud cheers for Douglas.) Stephen A . Douglas may be defeated; the foundation of our Union mayDeabaken; yea, it may be sundered, yet this calamity (which mayadvantages to Ireland would befiocrf«m, sadinsomeoasesOdibigher. Sales at30s.a Ithinkthemoneywill tbeGalwaylineornothing,and gimentandyourmilitaryguests,theKmtnetGuard,of New Heavenavert)cannot disprove thetruthofthatprinci-Sir—I have the honor to acknowledge your kind invitauou 10sion of another seat Parliament. They commenced the officers of the regiment and their guesta, the Emmet tbe gratitude of humanity can atone requite. Venal poli-uisitkm, asking M r. Lever to Gusrd, of New Haven, to visit your establishment, and beg canvestingtogetupa uisitionbrokedown,forthey leavetonameto-morrowjWednesday)eve«nRinl«gfoirtheseme.ticians may prejudice t b e minds o f men against it; b u t time, tbe impartial arbiter of human acts, will place it upon tbat elevation from which it will be seen to encomYour Obt serv't, MICHA EL CORCORAN, Colonel. RCORAN,Brooklyn City Hewne*.ForxD DEAD ci His ROOM.—A physician named Edward Clair, residing to Banter street, near Putnam avenue, was found dead in a room of his house of Monday evening.timent or policy, that some Mends of some ambitious Be bad BOfamily. But housekeeper bad left some days parties could be found to ask % member to give up his previous to visit bar friends,and tbe daooaaed not havingresign UsjMst;but the couldobtainBOsigners lag. No man has ever whole ef* enough to make a show-p a n those grant principles every American heart.o ffree governmentdear t othe cityofGalway, or the good as Mr. J o . Leverl in es- tablishing this line of steamers, and it is not strange that, in tbe scramble tor Parliamentary seats, the first occasion o f s a y difficulties o r division o f sen-Marine Insurance Company.• colorer. Loss^ ^$000; no in-w^p ••••^^w"**'1* B^mvaamonw* ^^%w^^t [W^w^B^^adxaamy%^^wajsmaasAjsinceSaturday,someoftheneighborsentered tbe bouse and found him in a sitting posture in his bed- room, and dead. From appearances be died of apoplexy. The deceased was aboat seventy years of age.only Snr play frwBfirsttotoan public should know Lever has bad BOobject Inof New York mmJL W^IV^^^^^^^^^^ ^^iiiipP^ oonBB^a^a^a^pf ^ma^mi T npvUsOCABB, QWHISTORY,i •*^-«Mav vs-'^-«^-^^-^ >«-'O F T H E •V^PLrVVSA^-MOVEMENT.Mr. Townnrxn, offt. Y., moved the appointment ef twoMTSOBS from each Judicial district a s a Committee o nCredentials. -__] J_ MPending tbe appointment of the committee, a sugges ttonwas made byMr.J.DAOGETTHear,ofN.Y.,that MayorWood,of N.Y.,and ex-GovernorFools,efMies., be invited to address tbe Convention, (Their names were received with cheers.)Mr. LEVIES, o f Albany, suggested tbat tbe list o f dele- gate! be read, anil tbat only those Barnes to which objec- ttoo should be made' should b e referred to tbe Commit- tee on Credentials. He apprehended that, ITthat course were followed, there woufd be BOnecessity at all for the appointment of such committee.The suggestion proved acceptable, and toe list of dele- gateswasread.The reading of the listwas interfered with by sugges- tions tbat Mavor Wood, who was to leave the village at two o'clock, be invited to address tbe Convention.B«?tow8 tbe Troops and VtitlttifindLikosBeing an^E*BaftaBaBMBjpajaBjSftsBBfi|asn^TWtito*K»tkMaytiro**,&*a M***TUB BALL LA8T NI-WEDNESDAY, 4TJGUST 1, I860.PBIGB TWO CENTS.TB m a n o u u r aPriice of Wales • • Hftratock i s aASOTBKR RAILROAD.-The Common Council at their hatmeeting granted privilege to the Brooklyn and NewtownRailroad Company to lay tracks and ran ears within tbe most dangerous crisis. A fanaticism of the worst kindoffice, froml the fire list evening opposite,city limits, to connect with a branch to Queens county.bad arrayed one portion of tbe country against the other, and even innocent blood had been shed in this contest. It w a s t h e datyfer this Convention to throw aside per sonal prefrreanes, and to unite against the fanatics and dxnutkmkfta both o f tbe North and South. (Applause.) The names e f Stephen A. Douglas and Herschel V. Jobs soa bad been presettted as toe regularly nominated didates of the democratic party. Disunionisto of toe South, under the influence of ultra views and a corrupt adminlstratioB, seceded from ton nbltanaro Conventionwith tbe sssirlanm of tbe Fire return them our thankm.ttee.onlTOOFNEWYcnx.Jttljal, 1000mon Council Com- *subject of pavtag the streets, reported atfcYa f h j g «h e a t h , and Ha laborsVMng Men* Denocratk 8teto €•»-mand venerable wirepullers.of ambitious youths to Now York. They would like to make a splurge on their own acewnt, gat their namemore modern birth, which dubs itself the "Young De-has dismissed Farina, tbe premier be had appointed to guests proceeded op Pearl street to the New sad old Bow- mocracy." Tbe members of this organization are not tbat I, therefore, cannot gratify myself b y submitting the volunteers. He was received on all sides with enthu-being obliged to leave Saratoga by tbe first train, andpreside over Sicilian aflmirs at Palermo. B e w as sus- eries, thence through Prince street, Broadway and office holders, theaah It is presumable that they would any extended remarks. It gives me pleasure to see this siastic cheers from the Immense concourse of people col*usual exchange of military courtesies, tbe hosts and theirButtoproceed.The"youngdemocrats,"firedwithsealforthecausetowhich theyhaveenlisted,havenotsought to hide their light under a bushel. They did notTwomeresteamersfromNapleshavegoneovertoJohnJ.Heelly,Kennedy,Wrinn,Reynolds,Kinnarny,Andsoatoneoftheirfirstmeetingsitwasresolvedtoap-StateIsutterlydemoralisedanddestroyed.Itisforuscomposedoftbefollowingraces:—In conclusion he nominated Mr. J. Augustus Page, of New York, as temporary Chairman.Other gentlemen were nominated for the same position, and quite a little storm was got up over the matter of the temporary organization, the rural gentlemen wanting to have a chairman from the country districts in preference to a New Yorker. The various amendments were reject ed, andMr.Pagewaschosen temporaryChairmanof the Convention.Mr.PAGEreturnedthanksforthismarkofapprobation, and explained the purposes of the Convention. The pre sent year, he mid, had brought the democratic party to aA. Snapaufl, surance.map a n dprintg b # ^kfaMg?fcta|glgm> flaUr BeTOOaMaVte s O f7?L ^ 1 i . TM ^ " —I*" IflLBMrBftiit sad nominated anHMatis Of their own. TheohjcctofWe canthis Convention was to ratify the nomination of tbe regu- 'ar Democratic Convention—(cheersfor Douglas)—and to political association of tbe youag men ofYork, vane were gei efa*_In your reporter's lof thofiretarfsasaustret reportUntitled Documentwaxseanywaxpwa yw a wwawaxrSo, at kast, thinkanunberThey arrived at five o'clock yesterday morning, in theEhnCity. Astheboatcameinsight, andwhen intotoepapers,andpossiblygetachanceofpoppinginto totheinterruption of theproceedings"for tbatorany SpecialDespatch totheWwwYorkMr. J. BARRETTCourt, of N. Y ., and others, objected ber landing, a greeting of welcome was extended to seme of tbe luii—sntlii snug places that are unfortu other purpose. U was represented that this was not aHAUFAI, July 81, Tbe Prince rode out in plain costumenoon, and received s drenching before b ehe sat his boms an coolly in the rain as at starting.At half-past seven he dined a t the Government U , with Lord Muigrave, and a party of forty six ladies and gentlemen.This morning, at eleven o'clock, tbe Prince left the Government Housein theuniformtowhich hehndiif, and, in company with aB toe members of bis suite, rode to tbe Common to review the troops in the garrison andrSmith, ft L._QarBns nad ft a^•iiiiMirt ihtl lot* nito Of trrfn w n n r w^pamystsacbad^m"Such reflectionsnedtoitsintegrity. It rests itutions to posterity unim- ioashavebeentruly ocraticpartyhasattimesbeen .tons have been national andBut such is ever lbs fate of genius. How tbe contest his son, too, pf John Qulncy Adams, was en-beacknowledgedbyrepeatedlyliftinghiscockedhatand bowing.Hethenreturnedtowheretberoyalstandardbung from s stair, and tbe troops filed past with beautiful pre- cision.He subsequently rode between the lines, appearing to enjoy the whole amazingly.He was continually smiling and chatting with ton offi- cers near bim, and he evidently likes being lionised.Attwentyminutestotwohelefttonfieldsmjdasalute from the volunteer artillery, which wan the only firing that took place1Ex Officio.Icongratulate youthatourto his favor. From his ability, bis honest devotion to the 13. Throwing sledge.flames through the glass!, and the fact that some paper, apparently saturated with campbene, was blown into tbe street partly on fire, leads to a belief that the conflagra- tion was the work of a daring incendiary.The following are tbe losses and insurances of tbe seve- ral occupants:—Noj 100 Nassmq streets-First floor, occupied by Michael Nunan, books and stationery. Lees about $1,600; insured for 13.760, as follows)—Exchange, 0750; East River, $1,500, and Franklin, of Philadelphia, 01,600.Second floor, rear pan, occupied by G. F. Tuttle, book pnbltoher. Lois $2,500; insured for $1,000, in the Home Insurance Company.Third floor, occupied by Charles Vinten, card printer. Loss 03,000; insured for $1,000, in the St. Mark's Insur- ance Company.neral. ,The ball in his honor at tbe Province Building is tbe grand event to-night, and three thousand guests are e x -pected t o b e present. Tbe ball a n d supper rooms are magnificent, and tbe lighting very brilliant.Y esterday and to day have been kept a s general holi- days, and no newspapers have been printed since Satur- day.The Prince arrived at tbe ball, accompanied by all tbe members of bis suite and Lord Muigrave, at a tew minutes before ten be appeared in bis uniform, and looked remarkably well and good humored. H e gave" a recep- tion to all present in the ball room, and they pawed h i m tn single file. He danced afterwards witb Miss Young, niece of the Premier, and the daughter of Mr*election of such delegates.NATIOJUI, CADETS, NEW YOBK, July 36, i860. J H. C. PACE, Secretary- „ , « . . _ . . ".. - . Iiish Newt as a publication office and composing room. Pilsbury, United States Consul. He is a eapi*we feel under obli their successful ex< of your building, t Department. Y ou Respectfully yoar-Tto themes In your employ form 4j$e&Jm 8L—MML Kthaican berfO*tober,l$sO,byon tbe fire, tb time after.W. ELLIS, May Mo. 60.Urope 18440riL.T'iir '---It is owned b yservants,ACKERMAN A MTLLER.n was the Oceanus Engine Company, and not the Oceaniclearn that the venerated hero Is in excellentvigorous enough to suDerintead t b ement of ha farm ~ aurdeatowa, M. J.daily untiltonoxenstart fortoaeay, orb thedutiesofoommaadantof the Mary Yard.but hope that he may long live to watob tbe growth and prosperity of the country to which he has soritestad b i s rtfe.andfotbeperpetuattonofwhichbeaatotoekeaneMeoiicitade.Accordlnguto ttstallral tables, there are at present la*ney $16 and tbe defeadeats theM^fr .ntnnafxF .M.JOHN A.liantly illuminated. The weather last evening was veryJobn P .United States Legation, at Constantinople, is in tows a n d stopping at No S9 Fifth avenue.Among the arrivals to tbe City of Washington, at thisport yesterday morning, was Miss Laura Keene, who has returned to the city after a brief stay in EnglandFxastus Corning, of Albany; L. C. Woodruff, o f - rille; J. J. Wiiyams and family, of Florida, aad Mr. G. W. Warren, of'Boston, were among the arrivals a t t h e St. Nicholas Hotel yesterdayMr. E H . Tracy, of New York, is stopping at the Cnion Place Hotel.Dr. Hammond,of tbe United States arsty; H. B. flood- year, of New Haven; N. B. Lane, af^abAema; D. B. Willims,H.R.Banks,andW.R. & ^ ' M £ » £ 5 J ' all of Charleston, a C, aad J. L. Carter, of Masissippl, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.Col.W.H.Bemmick, ofBaltimore; J. Ladtagtoa,Of Milwaukee, aad Dr. W. W. Barlow, o f Georgia, a r e Stop- ping at tbe Lafarge House.Tuckerandfamily,ofNewOrleans,are stopping atthe Everett House.Mr. J. & Poland, of tbe United States amy; J. A. Wag- goner, of Tennessee; N. Weed a a d lady, o f Georgia; J . Polk, of New Orleans; W. T. Dickinson Delsell, of Texas, and W Stevenson and wife, of South Carolina, are stop- ping at tbe Metropolitan Hotel.Col. John Harris. Commandant of tbe Marine Corps, arrived in this city on tbe 80th un., from Washington, on a tour of inspection of toe different marine posts North. B e will visit Boston a a d Portsmouth (N. H.) stations, after which he will proceed to Sharon Springs and spend a few weeks.OnSaturday tost the gallant veteran and true patriot, Commodore Stewart, entered opon bis eighty-third year. with tbefireengine on toe roof Be hsx been to the service of his country fora parted ef sixty-three Tears, and participated in forty actions The capture of tbe Cyaae and Levant, while inavasllsg the Constitution, February 80. 1116, forms the noblest maritime feature of our history, as it a the grandest pub. lie act of bis long and well spent life. We are glad to^^jggsy^ <*T|"—-T «•> ,v»>-dx. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 