 :Ki Jaha Honiagton recei ved nine. Ithtre wen tea leattaring votes.nra «I.1>l»»»glC BISTBIOT.namfaaref votes given for theoSceof Al-,lorthe Fifth Aldermanie Dtottlct was threeJLaiaa haadrad and ninety-seven.I'f^>rf:wUeh Daalel Darrow received one thousand five Of which Roger Bowling received twenty-ei^ht.three tlioasandand , ^and thirty-four.Bennett reoeired fourhandled aai.John H BManfea apd ft^ty.Bradytseeived two thoaaand one «Ot wUch Jacob M. hnndieo and stxty-eight..jU^w^Ugm.Long—The whole cnmber of votes given for the office of Con- stablt'sof tbelileventh Ward was eight thousand and twenty-ei^fat.Of which Joseph Bellebheim recedved one thousandard ninety-five.Of which David Kerr received nice hundred andnicety.Of which Lloyd Bryand received one thousand sevenhnndred and forty-nuie.Of which Loienso Oberle received one thousand sixhundred and thirt} -seven.Of which John Duke received nine hnndred andeleven.Of which Yalentine Lopla received nine hundred andtwenty- four.Of which Henry Donovan received three hundred andthree.Ofwhich William J. Murphy received two hnndredand nineteen.Of which Stephen McMahon received one hundred andAnd that there were thirteen scattering votes. Trustees,The whole number of votes given for the office of Trus- tees of Common Schools of the Seventh Ward wsj fire thoasand two hundred and sixty-one.Of whleh Bernard Smyth received one thousand three handred and ten.Of which James Sample received one thoasand three handred and five.Of which Wilson Small received one thousand three hundred and thirteen.Of which Thomas Woodward received one thousand three hnndred and twelve.And that there were twelve scattering votes. HQHTH WAX*.Commisnoner.The whole number of votes given for the office of Com-missioner of Common Schools of the Eighth Ward was twothouHacd nine hundred and ninety.Of which WlUiam Tucker received two thousand and twenty-six.Of which David A. Fowler received nine hundred and forty stx.And that there were eighteen scattering votes.Inspector.The whole number of votes given for Inspector of Com-mon Schools of the Eighth Ward was two thoasand oine handred and six.Ofwhich Francis Jleet received one thotisandnine hundred and sixty-seven.Of which George Ranch received eight huodred andJTCJAI^jgA^yASS^or which WehaalCStoai leeelved three thoasand euhthiuidred aad fifty.Of which Aiahel Baedr«eeiTe< one thousand nine€f which WllUam Grjy received fonr hundred aad fortj-flve.Ofwhich Peter Shea received aae hundred and eifhty- oce. «'or wUAXo&liT.OIeaiy reedved one thooumitVce hundred and twoIiil>f»fiandrevrnhnndredandaeventersesen. twothousand Ave hMdied _OF CITT«t a meetlcic ol Ike fiibsTd of Cit7 Canru-dred and twenty-four.hundred and^»ldSIXS}^ S?°^ tweoty-twn,a«?rt'J^S.'~*(VUlTAaSEKSi Om. 17, Uflk tke lallowiiic lewluttonAnd that then were forty-six seatterinff votes. SITXRTU WAJinfive. CongTUare<|lved which Chades Hddeff. - . -_.be »nd he to to poHiik the ofleial csnrsn Is theChu^nidr"e?d*'Ward,w wnub^W«*OeaaMr- bish Amaicui. U»a*t. DI«»«tcli,At-la.r'^i*^**ZeitOBc. Ceoiler »Bii nqolrer,itma Unto, New-Yoik TtsTeUecWeek-*Wch James Lee received- eight hundred and^Of which WillUm Bays received five hundred and^^two hundred rlxty-two.^^AF*liM eacette. KctnpoHlu Reoort. Vcae- I, 8iuid*7 Mereiur, H(w-Tork«r Saa*-[, FhoeBiz, SattOB, has Trlbaa*.or whisk Isaac McOay received three thwiiaail oaa'«hJuchB»ra*i.' Smith reoelved four thoaatad oaaOf whlOi Christopher i!\ Klinck reoelved one hundrelOf which VSchsel SulUvaa reedved one handled and twAmtayd-niir e vot* a.that there were thirty-three scattering. XOHTH WAan.Cashing received one thimp^thj et^iit huadred an4 slx^-one.two thousand rne hundred andOf which Henry H. HowBrd teoeived fonr hundred andfor^-five., Of which Patrick Wade received one thousand three hnndred and twenty-five.Of which Bateman received three hundred and Henrysix^^-one. AndthattherewereelevenscatteringvoCea.Inspector.The whole number of votes given for the offiee ef In-Of whCsh WiUhOi Bartaaa raari*^ _.. .ind tba tkB. «•(. (ichlMa Msattatia. Ti^ The wbole BWibv of TCtaajD. T. OVFICXAI. CMXtABm.Of which John F. Selgman reetlved one thonaand aad soventy-Ave.Of wEfehlUcagh V. Stanlels reoelved eighteen.the Aldermanio DtatriataandOf which Thomas J. Blley received three hundred. Ofwhich Dennis Sullivan received three hundred andtwo.Of which Thomas J. Bielly, to fill vacancy, receivedtweniy-one.And that there were forty scattering votes.SECOMD WAXD.Commissioner,The whole ntimber of votes given for the office of Cam- missloxer of Common Schools of the Second Ward, was three hundred and seventy three-Of which James Watson received one hundred and forty-four.Ot which William Buckley received two hundred and twenty-six.votes.The whole number of votes given for the office of In- spector of Common Schools of the Second Ward, was three handred and seventy-one.Of which Biram Marsh received three hundred and fifty-one.Of which George A. Hood received two.Of which Hugh Dolan received one.And that there were seventeen scattering votes.•Truttees—Full Term,The whole nnmber of votes given for the offiee of Trua-tees of Common Schools of tlM Second Ward, was seventJiWf" having waaaaftillo««,t0wlt:twenty.amttitsgaamo nsnin. inBaaai^artfvotesgivenfortheoffice ofAl-f^atka Hjpd AUermanic District was three haadred and niaety-fonr,And that there were threeOf which John Maitte rcealTad aln. ninety-aeTen,Of which Daniel racknei raeelTad eight ninety- nine.Of which JahB Karpbr reeetrad six forty-six.^r^OfwhichCharlesJ.Holderreceivedninehundredand fifty-eight.scattering Inspector,TAIiKHTim.CMrk.tmtOMiyoflJ««-2Wk.tarebtieatotbe >* *"o«lTe«Binehu^red Of wU^Edwin Sproal received alevsa haadred andor which laaae Colden received nine. OfwhichJosephSfcinerreeelredone.Of which Pisteoa Rumona received one.Of which Fraacls X. Farr receivedOf which Francis E. Frank received one thousand onehandred and sixteen. Andthattherewerenineteenscatterlagvotee.OFTICKBS or COMMON SCHOOLS.Thai it appears upen such estimate andtheti.TMUj*«7To!bB5aen^a.i«ro?a:H.«<l«r8kan«nt: df whlAWIUiaBOaUar natftattkn*'tbree.Of wUob JuMi fllfla KMlTid dghtnin&Of wUeh Jaha Sacaa rtedrad BlaalMiK. Of whleh TMTeaca ShaciUaB latAitA <aathree hnndxad awrttortr atw.Of which David r&ncald iceelrci ••three hudnl aai fiAr^ve.And that there veie flTa laatterlBC wataa.Tnuttt»—TacmKi Jknt Tean. The whole nnmber of vote, civaa for Jl_ _I-jUSeg**!**J lii»B»M lor «Mh erth*gjll»«/t itr.nnwiBftMBte aMliBea CwMaUai iTiSSVaM ; mw OaaaU-Saiaeol* for OMh Ward^ (n_aaeb Watd. aDdtoaBiaehTa-Of wt Ich William B. Jones nlajty ave.receivedone and thousandtwenty-two.tvo Tnutaea haBckael OBaaaoT eMh Ward, ai Bar hareCW i^fSi George P. Stelahnaaar leeiiTed oae thooa- and th ee handled sixty-eight.Of wllich Arnold A. Benaoa leeel Tad aiae haadred and three.Of wiiich Roderick T. Xntwlatla leeetved aevea haa- dred and ten. _Of which Nlcholai Kiuell leodved twelve handled and oae.vt which Frederick Tonag received leven hundred and eighteen.Of which Bdward L.Kurts received five.Of which Patrick Bams leoeived foor hundred and seventy.seven.Of which George W. Kaah received thirteen.Of which Elijah F. Puidy, Jr., received ihirteea.Of which Thomas Loper reoelved tsrenty.Of which Charles Mulligan received seventy-five.Of wnlch Theodore Udell received seventy-five.And that there were one hundred and thirty-sevmscattering votts.SIXTH BBSATOBIU, DIBTBIOT.The whole number of votes given for the office ofJamee Armstrong received seven huadredMMwhich fortvnine.Cavaaaghreceived one thousand aadCanvaes.seventy- (n«f UUh,T liaaMon.artan otherOfwhich James Tease received seven hundred andsix^-eiiht.Ofwhich twenty-six were blank.And that there were sixty-seven soatteriag vote*.VIHTH WAan.whole number of votes given for the office of Con-il>_0» «rrT C1KTAS8XB8 OF TH« '•Talk, kavtac set at the Ohamher of the -tea. la (fee City HaU of aald Cltr, <» theatC^th. Tenth, nerenth. Twelfth. Thir-^th, nileeathahd Seventeaithdafipf tthaaeaBd eight hasdred and aixtf. toI eatioiata the ToiaaglTenintheieTeimlBeo-'And that thereThe whole number of votes given for the office ef Trus-If laM *Mr ai d Coantr. at the eleetian kT renith, one Ihoaiand eisht hundred and j>t to the proxtaione of an Act to uaend the ^i*eatyof Ktw-Toric, p»s«ed April Fonr- »ai>etboiua£dei(ihthandred and fiftT-MTen.do'STICK OF THK EIGHTH JODICIAL DIS- TRICT.on each eetimate and canrass, that the _ of Totea flTcn fur the olBce of Justice for Jadicisi Uktrlct wu eight thousand sereneeventr:eiglit.William H.BaU recelred three thousand twoforty-effbt._ William £. Boblnson received two thousandrdred and ninety-two.Asahel B. Berrick received one thooaand ~and elghty-aiz.Hill Fuwier received four hundred andAnson WillU received four hundred and there were two blank and eleven scatteringFOR ALDBBMEN.on inch estimate and canvaH that the..of votta given for the office of Aldemunan odd nn-nasr autuuno sistbiot.noBher of vctei given for the olBee of AI-nnt Aldemanlc Olstrlet, was two thoa- 1 and two.. Bmlih received one thooiand saven tAj-tix.[tn Q. OiMier received seven hundred Mba. K. Bniidkt received three hondred andI'nuial Buna reedved eight.Bagh Orotter received eight.theta^ili Bve blank and eleven scatteringnlno;^eightforty-five.Of which John UcGloIn received six handred and;and OfT.Jaa»rt*"**'Oilonethousandseven stxty-sevea.w.Ot Byiae raoelTed one thoaaaad thiaeIOf which John C. Hara received nine hundred aadOfwhichB.A.T.Cranberryreceivedfivehundred OfwhichJohnHelmsreceivedonethousandsixhun-Of whlobkChartea Kostcr reealTed oaa thnawM01 which J ames M. Wallaoe receired fiiatlwafciii eighteen.ii h liiaio n receivedWUUaBBi Craoa received one hundred andfit rht* iJinauea M. Vaa Wart received one thou- tU^aadred aad ninety-five.Of which Patrick Eussell received six thousand four hundred and sixteen.Of which John Brice rscsived seven thoasand fonrfifty six.Of which Heniy Ton Seaden receired three Iand forty-eighL And that there^^"^ Wnnam H. Draper receivedK. C. Taateher receivedtheia were fonrteen blank and fifty-twohundred andOf which Luke Cumen received seven thousand twohundred and fifty-nine.Of which Alexander Brandon received seven thousandGeorgeeightTOtea.uiaiiTH AxsiuiAino nisnucr.idihla number of voti^s given for the office of A1-whole number of votes gi ven for the office of Trus-Of which Joseph D. Martin received eight handred and ninety.And that there were tliirty-fl ve scatteflng votes.The whole number of rotes giren for tlm oOee ef im- spector ct Common Schools of the Fourteenth Waitt was two thousand and sixty-four.Of which John Roberts recelred nine hundred~for the Seventh Aldermanie District was tiireeone bundled and forty-one.O' which Alexander Ward received six thousandtwenty-four.Ctf which Francis H. Buhe received two hundred and thirteen,Of which William K. Edgerton received one hundred and forty-two.Of which George H. Vonselde received two, Ofwhich F. M Hugh received one.Of which JamesCommis* toners.The whole nnmber of votes cast for Commissioner ofCommon Schools of the Ihird Ward was four hundred acd ogbty-one.Of whlcn Robert S. Gould received two hundred andBixty-(>ne.Of which Edward B. Heath received two hundred andfour.Of which there were sixteen scattering votes.Inspictor-Tbe whole nnmber of votes given for the office of In-i npnlrr of C^mon Schools of the Third Ward was fourTrustees—To FillThe whole number of votes given for the office of Trus-tees of Common Schcolii of the Ward to fill vacan- Eighthcy one year was two thousand nine hundred and four- twenty-eight.Ofwhichteen. Hoghfive hnndradandandOf which wmiam C. Brass received eight hundred andlixty-eeven. tweaty-aine.he 1 hi rteenth Ward was four thousand three hundred and seventy-seven.Of which Anthocy Gla&tatcr received eight hundredand ninety-nine.Of which Eavid K. Carpenter received seven hundredandei^t Of which John Tillcy received nine hundred andW- Morton receivedwere fifteenauvxBTH Aunuusio nisnucT. Of which John WttanhaU received six tbesinnrtOf which Patrick Collini fe««nty-8iz.^DKC. U, haadtcd aat bar.Of Jeremiah T. Lockweod reodvad twh hun- whk^Of wflteB whlehAymfcrnmnd twathoosasd onb '-'•eichL FTMowowi i^valfinrthe OlOTk «( tbli BoMd.. niTTi. -rii.: Heimid, Kipreee, IbHa, flT6 Itttihdnd and aaTesiiuix, a. Uawilna reodnd tUrlaiOf which w«» andflfteea.received three thounndOf which Owen I'He whole nnmber of votes given for the office of AI- Ot which Charles C. finckaey receivedtemaafor the Bleventh AMermanic District, was (our sevej^ttaiissad^there wereFITTEX9TH WAXn.and iixty-three.fcmissMil nlae hundred and fifty-one. Of which Robert LittforreeelveOnrelve.Commi.nomr^The whole nnmber of rotes giren for the ofioe of Cmissioner of Gammon. Schools ot the niteeachOf waeh Alexahder Frear received two thousand nineAaadied aad ninety-four. twenty sixOf which Edward McHolleB received six hnndred and or wUoh WllUam Ball received one thoosand nine Of which Robert Geery reoeired seven hundred andnine hnndred and Wai< six^.mdreaaad nineteen*Ot wHch Jacob L Dodge received one. Of which William UcManos received one thousand AbA (hat then were thirty-ieven scattering votes, one hundred and one.miariaiiTH ALSunumo sistsict. Ot which Bernard CostfUo received one thousand andfifteen.Ihaaiiiiiil and eleven. three hundred and seventy -seven.and thirteen.Of which George B. English received two handrrdandeighteen.ufiwhich Patrick Kelly received two hundred andthree..Of which John A. Currier received two hundred andseventy- four.Of wiiich John A. Gelmour, Jr., received two hundredwas one thousandOf which Kiastns C. Benedict receired aTbe WlMle number of votes given for the office of Al-'^daiman'fbr the Thiiteentb Aldermanie District, was four Of which Peter Conley received two hnndred and six. Of which Samuel W. Brigham received one thousandspector of Common Schoolshispector.The whole nnmber of votes giren ftar tint oMoc ot 1^spector of Common Schools of the Fifteenth Ward, waa one thoasand nine hnndred and forty-one.Of which James S. Unyler receired one **iffinani aa* hundred and thirty-one.Of which Charles A. Witney received atveal and nicety-eight.And that there were twelre acatteriBg rotea. TruaUet.Of wUsh Ira A. Allen received one thousand six hun- ~AaAaoa eleven.Of which Oliver S. Holden received six handred and Of wliichKlcholasSeagrlst received one thousand one fifty-seven.and fifty-two.Ireceived one thoasand eightwmlUoh William Haw, Jr., received one thoasand bimdred and sixty.tour. 1 he whole number of votes given for the office of Con- Of which Jacob Voorhies, Jr., received two hundred stables lor the First Ward was thiee thousand two hun-and fonty-nlne, dred and ninety-nine.I that there were Blue scattering votes. Of which Joseph C. Scully received four hundred andSBVBireXBHTH ALnXKHAHIC DISTaiGT. seventy- seven.Ut which Michaels. Brehnahan received four hundredThe wlM>le number of votes given for the office of AI- and seventy- two.dermatf for the Seventeenth Aldermanie District was Of which Jamesgwo thousand five hundred and sixty- three. Of which Thomas Koche received two hundred andOf which BeaiyW. Ganei received one thousand six fifty-lour.JmndrBdaadsb^ty- three. Of which Mathew T. Beime received five hundred andOfwIQcbWiniua Dunning received seven hundrel six.knd sevabty-tTo. Of which Andrew Carey received seven handred andOf witch Joa«ph ChuToliUl received one hundred and eighty- seven.Iiineteen. Of which blanks received seventy-four.And that there waa seven scattering votes. And that there were three scattering votes. :' FOE CODKdLIOCN. ncoHD WABD.The whole nnmber of votes given for the office of Con- the votes for the office of CouncUman in the seve- stables tor the Second Ward was six hundred and ninety-received twohundred andhnndred andfor the vai ious Wards of this City was as follows, to wit Of whteh Joba Kinsley received five hundred and riasT WAxn.:Thatltavpean on such estimate and canvass thatpvea nice.Of which John Mulligan eighty-four.received sevt:n hundred andAnd thill iht-rewcicTrustees—Fi'V Ttrm.votes.jal Senatuial Districts were as follows, to wit : lOSBIH SBBATOauL DtSTSICT...,seventy.The whole number of votes given for the office of Coan- Or wnfch William W. Ladd received one hundred anddlmenlbrthe Fourth Senatorial District was ninety- sixty- five.three thousand two hundred and thirty-seven. 01 which Charles W. Krugcr received one hundredOf wlUch John Hogan received six thousand two hun- and fifty-6L-vi n.dred aad'twenty-eignt votes. And that there were seven blank votes.Of which John Tagan received five thousand four hun- Tuian wAan.dred and sixty-two. The whole nnmber ol votes given for the office of Con- Of which MortlBter Sullivan received nine. stables of the Third Ward was nine hundred and eighty-Of whteh Thomas Smith received five thousand two two.luindred aad fttty-three votes. Of which Michael McCann received two hundred andOf which Barna Bogart received three thousand eightThe whole number of vutL-.s given for the offii-c of Trus- tees of Common Schools of ite Fourih Ward was three Uou>au(i hv e hundrwl au<l .-t-vt-uiy-four.Ol whii:UiUchardO'>cil received thr^e hundred and lilletn.tif wllich Martin Mclnernv received three hundred and b.i\.Of which William Cleary received thirty-one.of which Wililam Lnnis received thirty.Of T^hich William P. Kirk received six hundred andbixiy six.Ofwhich Daniel Leahey received one hundred andsiAty-eigtit.Of which I'atrick Crowe received one hundred andeixty-lour.Of wiiich Daniel llealey received three hundred andhundred and sixty -eiffht.Of which John W. Mttrray receivedseventy-six.threehnndredaafeighty-three.linndred and sixty- seven. Of which J. McHahon received two hundredthree thi naand seven hundred and mi.Of wUch Mordecai L. Marsh receired one thoaaUBnine hnifdred and twenty-five.Of » hich Thomas W. Pittman receired one thoomaafoor boodrtd and seven.Of which Joseph Dore rectived twoOf wfeieh John Bnah received five thousand two hun-dred aadfoito-fiu. Of which John Fitigerald received two hundred andEIGIITKENTU W&BD.ninety-seven.handred "o?»hichHenry Christie recelred one hundred aatOf wldBB Gearie F. Biekford received six thousandfive hUltlliiil aad aiaaty-three. Of which Thomas Etokes received one hundred andOfwhiak Oeerje A. Barney received fivethonsandWard was six thousand andreceived one thousand threefifty-four.eight tmadied and lltty-two. Of » hich Jeremiah Sarsfleld received forty-six.FinleyolnbichJohn Sullivan received two hundred and eIghty-ti«Lt.of nhicii Henry S. Meyer lecefved twe hundred and fifty-tive.Oi which Benjamin Sherwood received three hundred and eiKhteeu.Ot which ft illiam Huclet received three hundred and twenty-one.Ot ^ hich Thomas Rice received six.And that there were thirty-two scattering votes.Trustfts to Fill Vacancies,The who'e cumber of vtterf given for the office ofTrus-twenty-six.Oi which WilUam S. and Troup received four hundredforty-five.Oi which Gideon Oetrander received four hundred. Of which William C. Bradley received seven hundredand ninety-four.Of which Jacob Raynor received six hundred acdninety.And that there were three blank votes.ELEVE^ITtl WABD. ContTnisjttoniT.TrvMeex—TvU Ifenn,Tbe whole number of mtes siren for the oflae efOf wueh Mergan Jones received seven thousand votes. three huMnd uEi fitty-hve. And that there were twenty-four scatteringOfwhich Nicholas Cowan received one thousand an'l fourteen.Of which James Owens received five hundred and\Sibberns received seven hundredOf wliict Henry Pishop received one thousand two hundred and teventy-one.Of which Isaac V. Prass received one thousand and eighty-nine.Of which ten were blank. N»ETIK5TH WAKD.The whole number of votes for the Office of Con- givenstabltsof the Mtneteenth Ward was four thousand six hundred and nineteen.Ofwhich Nathaniel J. Groves received six hundred andSIX.Of which John Pye received six hundred and ten.Of which Jfchn Mahoney received one thousand one hnndred snd thirteen.Of which John McGlyna received nine hundred andnicety-nine.Of which Josiah Hedden received six hundred andel«hty-two.Ofwhich John Clark received six hundred and nine. And there was one Bcatteriog vote.TWXRTXXTB WAXD. Thewholennmberof votesgivenfortheofficeofCon-stable of the Twentieth Ward, was nine thousand six hundredaddseventy-four.Of which Thomas a. Mitchell received two thousandTrustees uf Common Schools for the SixtMBtk W full term, was seven thousand fbnr hundred aad IOf vaich Henry Close received five thousand one ronaiB WAXn.tiibe.Of whleh John Delamater received two tThe whole number of votes given for the office of Con- Of whlmi Joseph Bursty received nve. thousand two stables of the Fourth Ward was three thousand three ijLtmwMmlSStJ. ^ hundred and fifty-six. , . j Ofwnfe Jcasfk Bkaaaea leeeivedBix thoasand nine Of which Timothy Hanifan received two hundred and .... Ot which John P. IMoi^rty received one thoasand Of which Mark H. Lanigan received two hundred and nine hnadrad and forts-nve. ninety-seven. . . _, . Of which Charles U. Ball received five thoasand six Of which Samuel Cook received two hundred and Imndieitaod fifiy-two. fcurteen. „ . . j j Ot wUeh Joieiib b. Costa reoelved two thousand nine Of which James Donovan received five hundred and1hanand and thrte.Of which Thomas Christy reedved twoImndredaadflftP'ane. ...Ilinndred aad lertTTalcht. twenty-four.forry-nioe. Ot whichaundred and twenty -seven.received four thousand Of which Daniel Friel received five hundred andcancies, was one thousand eight hundred aud thirty- eight.Of which John Marrott received three hundred and twenty- tive.of wl'ich Thomas Shaw received two hundred and sixty-two.Of which John Walsh received two hundred and nine- ty-one.four thcueand and teventy-une.Ofwhich W4r»>Iey Smith received one thousand seven^ ^ ._^ .__ or w'hlch Henry W. Hunt received one huadred an*Of which Joseph w.two hundred ana thirty-tno.honored aad thrte.Of which Christian Metsgar received two thousandthrcf huniir»d aoil fortv-two. Andthatthereweretwenty-sixscatteringvotes.Inspector,The whole number of votes given for tbe offioe of In-.dnOf vtaeh Jamea^Bnuna neelved five hundred andHenry B. SnUhOf and Dapignac received three hundred sixty sue.five hundred serenty-eeven.reeatred one tboaaaol orwhiihTlwBaaA. Kennedy.Of which Thomas Mulligan received two thousand six hundred and thirty-seven.Of which Simeon Raymond received one thoasand nine handred and seventy.Of which John T. Baker received eight handred andOf which Andrew Storms received one thousand fiveHawks- ,^ .._votes.eighty-nine. ...Ofwhteh Jacob I'ecan received four thousand and Ofwhich William Kennedy received four hundred andthMirty-three.which Charles R. Bell received Ttnd''that there were thirty-five scattering votes. (ourOf which Benjamin K. Hancock And that there were one hundred and fifty-three blank received fourfifty-eight The wholeTrusteed— Vacaruy. ofn»udL.IlBrphyOf which Frederidc Bapper received four thoasandlOBihandledanaOf which Thomas J. Carlton received three thousandeight hundred and<»fTecalv«d one hsnlred and"^•»«>"» r««»lwMfW.i kl,fifty-live. ^ .v _.._.! Mvaa handred and^^ '^ three thousand HxaettterlEf votes.IJe vb^« Bumberof TOtos alven for the office of Oon-Of ninety-two.received^ t^hree t.ih.o.o_a_a«njd which John N. Beyasids*'**'d received oae thousand five hun- dred and seventy-two.SUnwood received one thousand two.Of vUeh Thcmu Kado reoeiTed two ihoowcd twosixty-eight.Of which Maurice Ahem reoelved two hundredOMJud."j.i''ntL. Periey received^,"' six. ninety-^1 *¥a^ned"ty-»oeondHobbytw.I"Tm wblS*Ed^ard J. MeKee received throe thousandCourier, Sunday XtBOidrilhn^-Tork Tnueeript, MmtBg FMt,]l«w- oaehnadredand two. , ,_^ ,t\h,r-e^e «ll,ie_a-£«B«ayfive hurdredand Of wUch Philipdred and twenty Ot which ThomasOf which Henry 8. Jennings receivodnad two hundrerfanu thirty-seven. ,fc_„. .„ and nlretv.alaety-nlne.Keysreoelved onethousaadelx hun-Of wUck'Winiim 8. ana •Ixfy.^bN..Canaan iM.i..i .... *TM»n«aajiTa«aeT««^^^^^S^Tsiamf^selton Imadivd aad twenty-five. ^M^di George Snyderreoelved tbax thaawad foar, ^recelred oaa thaoiaad twoOf which DavIdDuan received8cbHU.r rOn^ch'G~>^%'B^9B<tSSchooli_which James W. Olsoa received aiae hundred aad.Dtr-ona.Of wtaid Jaa« Daria neaiwaCCooncilmen for the Slztn Senatorial seventy-seven thoasand and fifty-two.wasvotes.thirty-eight.Of which Lewis Noite received six hundred and sev-tees of Common Schools if the Twelfth to'Of which John 6. Haviland received five thoasand five hundred and ninety-two.Or which Alexander L. 8haw received five thousand six hundred and seventy-eight.Of which John f. Oaw received five thousand three hundred and fifty-seven.for the office of Con- EtatHes of the Tenth Ward* was three thousand flvehonreceived six handred andgivenlifty-two.Of which John Scnllan recelTed one thihuadred and fiftj three.Of which Jamea 8. Breath receired one thoihundrel and eighty-flTe.Ana that there were fourteen leattcriac TMea.iBiaxixHTH waas. Cormnissitnur.The whole nnmber of Totet alren for tlm^ miwioneT of Common Schools of the Thtrlaaath « aa two thousand three hundred and sevcntyHOf which Thomas Brown receired ana tte« two.Of which Lewis Withington reoeiTed atx and nineteen.Of wllich John H. recdred aerea Trappfifty.Inspector.The whole nnmber of Totea giran for the afla Inei>ector of Common Schools of the Thirtaaatt Wtwaa two thoasand three hundred aadflf^-a~dna- Of which Nelson Cable reoeiTed nineeightr.0( which Alexander Stewart, aaihnndred aad seTenb^-one.Of which John L. Doraay recelredninetcn.Of which Alexander Stewart receired aoaand eighty-fonr.And that there were fire aeattering Totaa.The whole aaather tt toIm stTCB for OajMa*' tees of Common Bchoalaaf tke Iktclaeath Tai4i thousand six hundred and eighty-Hre.Of wb ich Arthur twenty-nine.Ahmootyreceived two thousand andOf which Mablon T. Hewitt received one thousaDd three hundred and nineteen.Of which Richard O'Brien received one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.Of which William Balrd received two thoasand two hundred and ninety.Uf which Henry K. Blanvelt received none.Of which Stephen O'Bara received four hundred and five.Of which John Dolaa received three thonaand five hundred and thirty- four.Of which George HcGrath received three thousand sevenbundied and twenty-nine.Of which James Oumbletou received three hundred and twenty-three.Of which John Gibson received three hundred and twenty- seven.Of which Timothy L. West received four thoasand five hundred and Bfty-seven.Of which Alexander H. Keech received six thousand and twenty eight.Of which Abraham L»t received six thousand three huadred and sixteen.Of which 'William Orton received five thoasand aiae hundred and fotuteen.Of which Joiin D. Ottiwell received six thooiand and thirty- one.Of which Thomas Stephenson received five thousand nine hundred and nineteen.Of which Henry T. Cleveland received six thoniand one hnndred and cidity-4lx.thousand four hundred aadOf which John Harris received bix hundred and slxty-ene.Of which Thomas Cone received six hundred and sev-entv.Of whichiPllchsel Sullivan received five hundred andeighty -seven.Ofwhich James O'Grady received four handred andfjrtj-nlneOi which James Fltzslmmons received four hundredThe whole number of votesspcctor of Common Schools of the Seventh Ward wasflfty-ene.Of which Edwin B. Wilbur received nine hundred andaiaety-five.dred and forty -two.Of which EMephen Luti received one thousand fourhundred and forty-eight.Of which Jehu B. Tarrington received nine hundredacd five.Of which James King received six hundred and forty-five.or wbichWilliamH.Sfeeffleld received two hundredand twenty-seven.Of which William O'DonneU received two handredand fourteen.And there were twenty-four scattering votes.THiETunra waxd.The who!e nnmber of rotes given for the office of Con-Of which ThomaaH.A]Uson rwoelraA and nine, •And that there were sixteen iinlliiilin lif nvauxam wan,three,Ot which William 6. Frost received six hundred andfifty six.And that there wereone hundred scattering votes.BUXtlTH saifAToaiAL nuTaicT.The whole number sf votes given for the office of ConnciUnen for the Seventh Senatorial District was one htindred and fonr thousand six handred and forty-seven. received seven thoasand sixsixty-hnndred and thirty-t«o.cwency-nlne, Of which John Conway received two thousand nineeighty-four.d hundred and eightVMch Charles J. Chlpp recalTed two thousand andhundred and seventy-nine.forty.Of which Joseph Hilderbrand received six hundredWtt and twelve. Of which A. HcKullen received one thoasand and vUeh James M. lutln received two hundred aadDunnTUIBD WARD.fiva. eighty-eight.Ofwhich John J. Uolllgan received four hundred andninety-five. OfwhichJohnBottreceivedonehundredandten. And that there were twenty-one scattering votes.FOUKTIKirrH WAXD.The whole number of votes given frr the office of Con-stables of the Fourteenth Ward waa three thousand nine hundred and one.Of which Isaac Jones received six hundred and forty- five.Of which James Cogan received one thoasand one hundred and fifty- one.Of which Peter Brown received five hundred and thirteen.. f|f wbish iTiimrri Haakell received sixteen.Of which AuguBtuseighty-seven. _Of which Daniel BeUowB received seventeen.And that there were forty-six scattering votes. FiniENTU WABD.The whole numl>er of votes given for the officeof Con- stables in the Fifteenth Ward was three thousand eight hundred and seventr eijiht.Of which John H. Hillier received one thousand one hnndred and thirty-six.Of which John 8. Norrls received seven hundred and forty two.Of whleh Jchn O'Neil received seven hundred and twenty.Of which William Hepburn received one thousand one hundred and thirty-one.Of which John HcCauley received forty-seven. Ofwhich Kobert tif received forty-five.And that there were fifty -beven scattering votes.Of which George W. Heeks received two thousand six li hundred and seventy- two.thattherewaseighteenscattering votes.HZSTH ALnaaMASIC DIST&ICT. Of which Edward Simpson received three thoasandwhole' number of votes given for the office of Al- three hondred and sixteen.for the Ninth Aldemmnic District, was three Of which Tnomas Biggins received two thoasand sevenIfeMiaadaevea hundred and eighty-faor. hundred and fifty -eignt.^^ CvwUch Isaac D, Dayton received one thousand nine Of which Charles tlcCarthy received four thousandled aad two. . eight hnndred and thirty-nine.wBA Samuel D. Munson received one thousand Of which Jonathan T.Trotter recaived seven thousandand sixty -eight.which Edward Benlan received two hundred aad Of wh;ch Lianiel X. Gavitt received five thousand andeleven.^^ Of which George T. Bums received six thousand oneOat there were six blank and fifteen scatteringM g jhundred and ninety-two.received nine hundredifour.Ot which Amea Moohey received two bandied andfifty-six.Of which Michael D. Purtell received two handred andtwelve.And that tkere were sixteen scattering votes.w Tnistets.The whole nnmber of votes given for the office of Trus-tees ot Common Schools for (he Tliird Ward, was nineol wUAVmiaff '. three hnndred and twelve.And thatfortj -eight.humoredand seventy-four. Or wllich Stephen Roberts received four hundred aadand four.Of which Isaac Williamshandred and eleven-Of which F. Merklee received two Georgetwo hundred and fifty-three.And that there were five scattering votes.taperedlflch Peter Haalenon received one thousand and sixty-six.Commissioner,The whole number of votes given for the office of Com-missioner of Common Schools_<)fw Of which Daniel Townsend received cne thousand two ftrt^oae. hnndred and eighty-eight.thousandflgVhkh William B. Drake received one hundred andilal ttat there were fifteen scattering votes. Ot which Alvah T. Canfield received seven hundredFourth Ward was. , ^ Of which Francis c. iiurlout received one thousand Of which Michael Doody received eight hundred andnoml^r '""/.^j'SiS'JnSi"W^SflStwohuaoredanddixt>-Kix.Of whiah WlAur H. Sage rcc«v«i lour ""•• Of wllich Luther E. Bark recrived six.fourteen.Of which Richardthree thousaidtliree hnndred and ninety-seven."cf ihlc^-Tc'i^/hTorbes ity-four.received one hnndred mXOf wHen T. D. M. Wright received three.Of which James S. Turner received nine. sUbles for the Fifth Wud was four thouaoa serenseventy-seven.Ofwhich Thomas Whitewhich —Of which Alexander Mackey received one LuudreJ ^ mad ninety nine.aOf whteh John Baulch received two thousand seviaOf'iuch'chSJrfw.tti received nine hundred andtwonty-ibree.And ihat there were twenty-six scattering votes,r^a WAXD. Commissioner.hundred andAnd that there woe fifteen scattering votes.""ic'dThaUhe^ wJr^Twentrelght scatter VU... sivaitrcsHTH wun.Of wUch Ovea CoIUoa received two hundred and—ich Bagh Dowaay reeeived five thousand oneCom- miseionerofCommonSchoolsgoifvtehneFifthWardwastwo.nms^es—FuUe tee > missionerofCommonSchoolaoftfee8evn .t Wat^,.,^waslourthoasandfivehandredandfuels seiea.tka'Ot whtwentyBix. ..J athoasandthreehundredandsevenry-ihree-OfwhichSamuelF.PattenaareedvedeaemuKM^' -^smj^-gnuMBiAi.The Vhole aomber of vatas /given tor the office ofCooBcibnaB fortim FftbaonjiUi^alfour *iMasaart ionr- hiapdrad'aBd twenty-three.Of which JohaVaa ttaa received three thoasand fiveOf aUch J, H. £ia(Ubtk leodTed three thoasand five kiHidred and seventeen. . . .v .v . #Of which E. C. Malay laealTad three thousand fourOf received five thoasand four . wnt^'Anthw/llfller'"ndred aad seventy-elgbt. . .^ ^Of which John Byan received throe thouiaad nineVucdicd and ntkety-Icar,acatterln« BIZTH WABJ).Morris Bennett received four hundredaViwrert— Vacancy.whole number ofvotes for the office of Trus-spectoreetCemmea Of'wUehJebaC.Schoola^^the Serentojuth Chamberlain received onelli«nia«i.ninety.Of which John wacbter received nine haadred and thirty- three.WAXD.The whole nnmber of votes given for the office ofof theone thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.JXWMMa AunaifABic dibtsict. and thirty-six._-deight hondred and thirty-live, tering votes. FOB CONSTABLES.rhiofa Andre Fremeat received one thousand seven That it appears on such est! nate and canvass that thei'Con- stables of the Sixteenth Ward was seven thousand tiro— And that there were two hundred and seventy scat- lor the fifteenth Aldermanie District was twoI Inhale nnmber of votes given for the office of Al-hundred and eighty-seven.Of which John Heady received one thoasand six hun-dred ard eightOf which Michael HcCann received one thousand fireled aad thirteen. whole numlKr of votes given for the office of Constablehuntlied and sixty-one.Of which James C. KnappOf which WiUiam W. ComeU received two thousand twf huDUied and fifty-six.Ot which Soger Dolan received seventy-four.ThewholenomSerof voUi for the offioe of Con- girenwhich seventy-ooe.Of loi ty.Ofwhich David twenty-nineierea himdred andhundred aad sixty-five.httadred ard and seventy-two. ^ _.„, four,'^hundred and L. Larremore received one thousandLearye thousandOfwhich John H. Stack received three hufldred.Ot which MichaelKenny received seven huadred andwhich George Fooa reottredAnd that there were teven scattering votee.Inspector,The whole number of votes gi ven for the offiee of In-spector of Common Schools of the Fifth Ward was two thoasand three hundred and sixty six.Ofwhich Joseph G. Harrison received two thousand two handred and forty-four.Ofwhich Henry Emmons received one hundred and three.Axd that there were nineteen scattering votes. Jnspsctors to Fill Vacanew,whole for the The number of votes given. or which Ross >lcGuJre received one thousandsix hondred and etetti-oDa.Of which eeraonN. BBRmi* teadnd eightand eigtatf-aiae. ^ _m Of which Frederldc Jenti reeeired three haadredaac.v?!**^*** tbirty-two.PatrickUeNab received *James Gruschenske received four hundred Of which Joseph Stlnner received nine hundred and^v«m John Lander received one thousand one han- dred and thirteen. ^ .v,«.^.a^ or which Jeremiah C Lugar received one thousanaOf which Philip McCormack ana twenty-three.recelredtwo haadred.,JW , . -v^ wasfcnr thousand four hundred and eighty-atx. jfe';a>And that there were eighty-oneTbe whole noadwr of rotea giren tor the ofB» ^la; Wardgtqyl^igettt to ^ lXtm4lciTS^ %tttc% igMct|qa»>> PcgiiUKy 28 areceived seven handred and six.hundred andthe Sixtaaata was three thoasand seren handred and twenty eigM,Of which James Sullivan received three hundred andOl which William Schloss jcceive«l nine humlrcd and foTtv-five.or nhlch Archibald Eoll received two hundred andaixty-flve.in which Joieph Jagcr rsccivcd two hun'lrcd andtwenty nice.Of which FeterSchtrrec received three hundred andcne.Of which Ecwis Leubuscher received fire hundred andone.Of wllich 51ichael Kelly received one hundred and fifty-two.And that there were one handred and one scatteringeight handred and fifty.uf whfch Isaac W. Half receired one thonaand rtcHenryan 1 thirty- three. ,....\ otes.The whole nnmber of votes given for the officeof Con-,,. » m mforty-two. . . . , ,EtuMtb eight.Of which John K. hundred and thiTty-six.Ofwhich Charles SchaHner received nine hundred and sevfuiy-tour. *"'n.THW*an.Joycereceived one hundred and received four hundied and•whichHenrjWertwceiTCdninehundredandfortj- frn"/f'whichRudolphQtxmnMceiTed lixhundredandDerm, ThewholennmberofvotesgivenfortheofllceofTrus-tees of Common Schools of tbe Eleventh Ward, was eightTbewholenumberofvotesgivenfortbeolBBoeofOaA},«|gb,.Jackson reeeiT«dOf which David J. Taff received two thousand dred and seven ty-flre, ..five hun-Of whkh Thomas Boyle receivednine hundred andspectorthousand three hnndred and bixty-elght.Ofwhich Frederick M. Hexamer received one thousand and nine.Of which WlUiam H. Johnson received one thousand three handred and thirty-aeven.And that there were twenty-two scattering votes. jyustees,Of which WlUiam Jinn receivod four hundred and*seven thousandeleven.01 which Patrick Boyle received eight hundred andtWOeOf whleh Patrick ConsoUy received two hundred''*OfwWch*Richardsix hundred and nineteen."ofwhS^SlNiFoersch receired fear hoadrid a>Afifty-six. ^, , -ee„r,e„n And that there were thirtyfourthousand andrixtj- ^dand nineteen. Ot wEich James Reflly received one thousand foarlire bunJred andOf which Syireater Bobbinsand "*Of*wWdh Of which Richard Oeraghty received seven hundred.Term.The whole namber of roteg girealw the «ao»«t Tcu-seventy eigtu0( which Jacob K^hler received tiro haadred.Tnistert—fMDistrict,forty-seven scatteringcancy for two yeaii, waa two "~"fWaid,flLtwo hundred and two hundred and„^Totea.DimiOT. fflwM'* andDistrict was seventy-BUbleeofthe Sixth Ward was^'w wi^Henry.je^^ ..Of which James Gannon received ei^ght hundred and eventT-four.^ or which I'etcr Tan Brant reoelved six handred aad forty.sixty 1^0. .^ ^ , Of which WUram H.OiIeon reeelT.d ore th a sand andfifty-six,O. wUch John Mois received nine hundred and ninety-one,Ofwhich John T. Marsh receive! eae hnndred andasventy seven.And that there wereeighteen soatteriag SIXTH WAftn.CoTKmissumenTbe whole number of votes for the Office of Com- givenmissioner of Common Schools of the Sixth Ward, wasa.Roltterta^dred anuneventy-eight., . and^ vetea-,-AW.®*?!**•nnmber ofvotesgivenfortheOffloeof Con-j^*''!^*' •'*''*"kAndthere were sixteen Twisn-aBooav waaa.Seventh and six,was four thousand sevenOf which Ssmoel Jones receivedseventy-six.llM whole number of votesKaMes for the Kigh»h Ward was flye thousand nine hun-OlwUefaArubaanCoses reoelved one thounad three hnndred and thirty four.eighteen.Of whleh Isaac Wyman reoeivedtwentj-alx.which Of whlehRobert Held received eight hnndred aad...^OfpfwhichJeremlanMabooeyreceived four hnndred and three.Ofwhich William Nealis received eight hundred andThetees of Common Schools of the Sixth thousand and fifty six.Ward, was foastees of Common Bekoola of tbe Twalflalnetst (ne.Thomasthat whole number of votee given for Commlsionera, In- specters and Trustee! of Common Schools for the vari-three.which Patrick Gaflhey received two hundred andeigbty-sU. '"Of whlich WllUam NUes received five hundred and five.stables of the Ninth Ware was ,thousand Ave hun-was one thousand six handred andOf which Jerea^ah Fitzpatrick received six hundredeancyand sfty.four.eightOfwhich Ira O. Pierson received one thousandOf which Abraham Springsteln receivod two thousandthirty-four.Of which nirety-five.Bateman receivedthree hundred anddred and thirty-five-HenryOf fire.hundredOf which Jaaies A. Brown recefved one thoniandaad slxty.five. hnndred and seven.eighty-seven.Of which PatrickBeynolds received one thoasand fourOf which William Haler receired one twelve.Of wblrh Kathan K. Freeman recaiTM aena and aixty-one.Of which DaTid 8. Jaekion, Jr., recelred one three hnndred and KTCntf-six.TnuUa—Vacancy Tim Teart,The whole nnmber of Totei giTen for the oOceiar'two hundred andOf which Thomas Farrell received two thousand andsevecteen.Of which HarmanB. Goodrich received fonr hundredsixty- seven.And that there was onescattering Inspector,vote.hundred and one.Of which J' hn Tucker receivel one thousand threehundred and fifty-five.Of which George Mellon received two hundred and two. And that there were sixteen scattering votes.SBVXHTR WAXD. Conwiissioner.liid nine.And that there wereTbe whole number of votes given for the office of In- spector of Common Schools of the First Ward* was one thoasand six handred aad ..am^im v^ fire hudrad•TBITTH The whole cnmber«f votesWABD.enty-seven.Of wtich Michael St.The whole nnmber of votesAugustus and thirty-nine.IOf whichOfwhichfour hnndred and twenty-eight.•jSid that there were thirteen scattering vateo.dlnety.dredacdOfwhich Keutfen C. Uills received nine hundred andfifteen.0(whlch Robert S. Beaver received eight hundred andtwenty -six.Ofwhich Charles V. Lyons received eight hundredand fifty-fix.CI which Louis H. Yultee received eeven hundrel andfifty -four.Of which Patrick. Baldwin received two hundred andninety-tvo.And that there were fifteen scattering votes.Trustees.The whole number of votes given for the office of Trus-tees of Common Schools of the First Ward was threeOfhundred and twenty-one.stables for tOf which andseventy-six.hundredscattering rotea. Intptctar.Of which fifty four.StephenA. Smith received five handred andOf which Joseph W. KeUof^g received two thousand and six.Ot which Wniiam B. Hays received nine hundaed and five.And that there were three blank votes. NIHTH WABO.Commi!tsioner,The whole number of votes given for the OfficeofComiuiBfeiooer of Common Schools of the Ninth Ward waffour thousand three hundred and ninety.Of which Jamf's W. Farr received two thousSMi ane hundrel and eijrhty-seven.Ofwhich William J. Van Arsdale received one thou- sand ei^bt hundred and eighty-Dine.Of which James W- Webb received three huni seven.And that there were seven scattering votes.Inspc'tor.The whole number of votes given for the Office of In-spector of Common Schools of tbe Ninth Ward was four thousand three hundred and sixty-two.Ofwhich James Harrison received two thousand two hundred and forty-five.Ofwhich James H. Stanbrough received three hnn- dr|4and seventeen.Ofwhich Frederick Rodefeldt received one thousand aiAl eight hundred.Trustees—To FiU Vacancy,The whole number of votes given for the office of In-three.Of which William J. Trlmball received three hnndredseven.And that there were forty-fire i-^ttfring rotca.Tnuteet.The whole nnmber of rotes giren for the otTrustees of Common Schools of the Fonrteeath Vi wai four thontand and twenty-nlne.Of which Francis O'Reilly recelred serea sixteen.Of which Charles S. Mathews reeeired Are and forty-four.Ofwhich Patrick F. Begg receired nine h\ sixtj-oine.Otwhfch Thomas Caasin receired one thei four.H>f wtuch Jolm B. Ferdon receired tftre.l JaatimTtHniTkitandfilMlUiiiitr'^' ffifty-two-which John Galvan received one thousand threethirty-four.Of which Joseph Bowers received eighty-seven.Of Nenbaur received which Adolphtwo thousand fIx hnndred andOf which Andrew Martin received one thousand threeeighty-eight. Of which John Bott received sixteen.hunared and thirteen. Of which WilUam D.And that there were thirty scattering votes. ZLKVENTH WAtD.•Murphy received one thousand three handred and twelve.And that there were forty-two scattering votes. TWILFTH WAXn.ThewholenumberofvotesgivenfortheofficeofCon- stables of the Twelfth Ward was five thousand one hun- dred and five.I8IZTKENTHOf which Philip Creaghan received two hundred and ninety -two.OfwhichJameslAngdonreceivedfour hundredand forty-sevtn.Ofwbich James Reilly received three hundred andforty- SIXOf which John Hidden received one hundred 'andsixty -four.01 which Benjamin F. Buck received two handred andfifty-four.Of which Henry •. Leatk received three handred andthirty.Of which Stephen Lynch received thirty-two. And that there were seven scattering votes.Inspector,The whole number of votes given for the office of In-Epectors of Common Schools of the Fourth Ward, wastwenty.Of which John Harsden received one hundred andeighty.of which Casper J. Steinheimer received two hundredthirty-oce.Of which Thomas C. D^rlingrcceivedthirtv-flve.twohundred and thirty- five.(ff which Gilbert E. Curryeight honored.eightone thousandOfwhich Francis A. Fowler received one thoasandeight bucdred and fifty-twoOf which Benjamin J. Carr received one thousandseven hundred and ninety-nioe.And that tht;re was one scattering vote.fllVB!(TSISTH WABD.The whole number of votes given for the office of Con-stables ofthe Seventeenth Ward, was eight thousand two hundred and ninety- cne.Ofwhich Patrick J. Hanbury received one thousand five hundred and eight.Of which Georg6 A. Bobbins received one thousand oce hundred and fifty.Of which James HcKiever received onethonsand three hnndred and thirty-se^en.Of which Alexander Lippman received one thousand and eighteenUf which E. Mortimer Deey received three hundredand ninety- six.Ofwhich Alexander U. C. Smith, Jr., received threehundred and four.And that there were six blank votes.TX^TH WABD. Commissioners,The whole number of votes given for the officeof Com- niissioner of Common Scliools of the Tenth Ward wasthousand andOfwhich David MiUcr received eight huadred andthirty-thife.Of which Norman McLeod received two hundred andfifty-nine.ofwhich Jnfcn T. Baik-y receivt-d three hundred andfoTty-trur.Ot which Wiiliam MtCatCI reccired six hundred andforty- light.Jn^pf'tor.The whcle number of votes given for the office of In-spector of Common Schools of tbe Tenth Ward was one thuusand ninr- hundretl and ninety-seven.Of which George Minch received eight hundred andnnmber of rotes mistioner of Common Schools foruf.ihe EighteenthM- Sice received sixty-eight. there were thirteen scattering voles.given to tllithatThe whole Bumber of votesjiIvveein for the offioe of Con-In- of Cmnmon Schools, to fill vacancy* was twovacancy, was fourtnousand one hundred *"of^which Ada«*Auer received nineeighty- ^,,_^ ,_, receired oneTwxsTT-nasT WAxa. stible of the Tw«SESlrtf^Thamaa Bradbmm reoeived one thousand %^*^hf«Sr^S^''£2Shal recrtved ene.thcu^ndoffice oftwo hufiUred aad fifty-seven.Untitled DocumentTts whole number of votes given for the officeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ofTrtnugivenfor the offloe of Coo-tMiofCiiteaaa?»ar:givenGeorgemlssloser ofani hundred aad Bride received two hundred andthreeeighty'-sixblankOleighttwenty eight.Ward, was seven thousand Of which WUlUmW. Fufdy received one thousandJnhn B.ous Wards of this City, was as followst to wit riaar wabd.Commtsn'oner.:The whole number of votesCommissioner of Common fechooU of the First Ward,^which Iiaae A. Hopper reeelTed thne taadt*!andOf which John H. WUHams received six hundred andtweoty-one.Of which Charles McCay received three hundred and__hundrec andOfwhich James F. Horan received two hundred andtwtnty-eight.Of which David W. Orpheus received two hundred andtwenty-two.Of which Alvah W. Lockwood received one hundredand forty-thiee.Of which Diedrich Miller received one handred andthirty-nine.Ofwhich Auguste Metxler received two.— 7Vus/«« Vacancy.ninetyhutfared and clAndthatthere were sixteen FODXTB WARD.votes.-Of which Augustus F. Dow received hundred and thirteen.twothousand twothirty-four.missioner of Common Schools of the ~was two thonsann one hnndred andOf which Benry P. Weat receired alxninet} -eight.Of which John H.CoI]lo( received oneThetees of Common i^chools of the Second Ward, to fill va- cancy for two years, was three hundred and fifty nine.andOf which Alexander Lang, Sr., received three hundredand twenty.of wt'icb Willism Conrad received twenty-nine. Ofwhich Alex. Lstng. Jr., receivod ninelecn.And that there was one scatteriog vote. Commissunii r tu F.M Vacawry.The whole number of votfa given fjr the office ofCea3 m'fscloDerof Couimon Schools or the Sixteenth Ward, t» fiilTscsscy, was three thoasand eight handred eatniLetyflve. _„ „ „ ...fift>-six.titry;given for the office of ia-received one.givenfor the office of\scatteringtwentj *twot;catteriiiK- Of which SamneFB. H. Yance reeeired one thtMiaBspector of Common tbonsandard eight/-of the Sixth Ward, was two..-,.*.*Mi,Js'«s--r'.«l*!"-'smmthe office of Com- two thonssnd six hundred and fifty-seven.ofvacancy, was four thousand three hundred and seventy-Trustees.The whole number ofvotes given for the office of Trus-teesof Common Schools of the Ninth Ward, was eight thousand eight hundred and ten.The whole number of rotes giren for the Trustees of Common Schools of tne Fifteenth Ward, i thiee tbonsaDd eight hundred and eighty-one.Of which Ihomas Denny received one thoasand ima bund red-and thirty-two.Of which John M. Knox receired one thonaand SM. hundred and thirty, two.Of which John Bnlley, Sr., recelred eight hundred aator which Ezra Smith recelred eight hondred aat sevenAnd that there were eight scattering rotas. BIXTXXItTH will).Commusumer—FiiU Term,fhr the oAse atCtaaa-VwC Of which Orlando P. Smith reeeired oae thaaaa*Of which b. received one thousand William Graytwo"o/which Robert A. Adamseighty-four.-five.Of which Philip F. Smith received one thousand onehundred and sixty-nine.And that there were three scattering votes.The whole number of votes given for the office of Trus- tees of Comnioa iSchools of the Tenth Ward, was fourInsptctars.The whole nuasber of votaa given for the oBoe oftwentyIn- spector of Common Schools of the SlxteentlfeWard wastnousand linlOf Khlch John Hay ward received eight hundred andthirty-nine.aaATbe whole number of votes given for the office of Com-tces of Common Schools of the Fourth Ward, to fill va- missioner of Common t^cboolsof the Eleventh Ward, was Of which A. i. Party received one hundred and llBy-Ofwhich WlUiam McDermott receivedOf which James Coylc reccivt^d three handred and 8i.>«ctoruf nine*WDolan received one thousand throe haa-ThewholenumberofvotesfortheofficeofUaid.sereaty^va. ^ . - .. . ^ Ofwhich reoeiTed ieTen hundred two hnndred and twenty-two. which James P. two thousand thousand one hundred and fifty-three. and '" ~tJrixtv.OfwUtb Michael MeBahea raeetved eighteen.Of WilBamF. Woods Teeelved forty- Ave.Of wMrit Oeacge A. Bamsay received twenty-eight. Of WBS Horace Bogart received two handred andOf which Heniy Lewis received ten. , . _,.And that there wen nine hnndred ana fourteen scat- tering vetea.u_mtwenty.Common Schools of the Elevealh Ward wasw'hich Peterhnndred and three.Of which Edward h. Thltt reoetvad one thousandOfOf which Charles Cnrtts received one thousand four^receivedforty-two.were twenty scattering votes. IVusfees.forCommon Schools of the Seventh Ward, wasAnd that there were seventeen Insptctor.gfeattering votes.six.And that there were forty-three scattering votes.Trustees.The wholenumber of votes given for the officeof Trus-tees of Common Schools of the iiightb Ward was five thonssnd seven hundred and twenty-seven. .Of which Gershom Cohen received one thoasand nine hundred and fifteen.Of which Robert W. 8. Bonsall received two thoasand and eleven.Commusioner.The whole nnmber of rotaa giTaa for thethirty-eight.Vacancy.'- tmM. OfwhirhBernardKigglnareoeiTedsix hnndred a*Itbe Ninth Ward, to fillJosephF.SweenyreceivedonethousandandOl-.twenty.Thetees of OoBmoa Schools ef the Eleventh Ward,„The whole nuaiber of votes given for Ac oScq of Con. . And that there was fifty 4ix blank votes. Twejlh Ward Commissioner,,for I*. three yeara, waa two ihaaiani <*•OLe hQDdred and twenti-eix.Of wiiich Chailet D. Blown receiredandAnd that there were nine scattering rotes.twenty-fire.The wholegireneight bundled and ftrtr-flre.Of which Nathaniel £llis received one haadiea aalreceived one tkooaaat seven hundred and twenty-three.hundrf d and seven.or which John hundred ana serenieen.reeetved one thaaaaad tares ^ .receired one thoosandBodgeraWUllam C. BenncaayOfwhichfcnr hundred and seven.tufcctor.ii kW%m*a.niteight:.. ^^.... ^. hoad.n_C.'-\^J»•jAjH^ www.fultonhistory.com 