 S.with ImThefriend>oftherami!yare reapertftilly isvttsd te at tend the runeml, from her tote residence, 189 West PVky -g.rtct.igeness snd pleasure; M for 81. 1.U80 dally al BOLMB8'Card Gallery, X* Broadway, only.Defiance Salaasandcr BaHha.Wltlt Pa- tent powder proof locks and aaas bars Aim,fireandbur- glarproofsideboardaadparlorSafes. Depot,atMurrayT BYBMDMLL 8-WKDDtNO NO*1MB. CSJIB8, dr.•y dull,a* I, IfJtk•wtea IAfjyust*K •r''__„____-h*—*•• Aritauiv•—• toprofitablecover* may proveIn it hy the OMK satttors claims sre not the cLaw to miners thr>areevidentlyThai dia- ls felt aiaking these"1 a a d headed "Eeliable ia St. Louts and Chicago aagajasjaa of thai ctty,of business, h e , whichMCGOWAH —On Saturday. JulyMrs MaasiawTMoSowaa, wife e f . ••.•n m i n i tire of pariah ef Dunoelief, rosaty of «ife, IrataadFriend* and relatives are respectfully in riled to her funeral, a t her tots residence, 87 H "(Sunday; aftorsess. at two o'clock. Barhe taken to Calvary Cemetery.Mmnunw —In Brooklyn, oa Friday. July ST, ft BrrrsxnsLB, yeuageat child of Leone F.aadJM Middleton. aged two years.O Bass*—On Friday, July ST, Carssxart daughter of James R. an f B O'Bnec. aged 4 ; monthsThe funeral will take place from the resideece of her parenU, Ko. 192 East Tweuty first street, this (9SBdSf> aftemooa, at two o'eloak.OKaarrs—On Wedaeaday. July 38,st MawPstta land lag, Ulster county. K. Y . NSLUB, iafarrt daughter of Patrick aad Baton J. •rkeefle, aged 18 asuaths sad 16 daysPOT—Suddenly,onFndJrv.July27,atiVewpo-t.Ma ail ages ef the World. Bn-eils no argumet *or illustration, a s ait FABJUCSASTa-vtos, wife of H. A. V. Post, of ton city.sixtyanatfit*minesoaClearerdek wehear encooraginc whs have their chums fully opened are nur success, aak there are a large number ta lake oolj their pile in a few days. • aad vicinity aro sot of the mostthe same time, in the tw o towns, to wrapped in mystery, thoughwehave butlittledooN thattheybothmustbe the work of aa incendiaryTown or MmroRO BCR-VED—The Austin Gazette Says that at the same time the town of Milford, in Ellis county, is reported to have been burned.Fma AT BLACK JACK GROW—A Are about the same time is said to have ocsurred at Black Jack Grove,by which the large store of Mr. Cote was destroyed. Loss taojag.By t h e McKinney Messenger w e obtain the following particulars of other area, occurring nearly at the same period. It lays:Filteen boxes of your Ve^etaWe Universal ilfls. a i d eig he UuesofvonrSalve,used ssyondirected,naademeaasuaS and liealthj man in teas than three Bsoatha. Yours, truly.J. P . P ACK. Sold at principal office, 8H canal street; Mo 4 Union aquare; 38$ Bowery; Campbell, torner Eighth avenue aad Twenty-liardTherel'htladeiulua. Robtbrkk,fe'lig the sham The buddinga a dhavered from California gukh are in the mala cor- of gold being taken mining are f^K'tg for- loses, atOl there is a greater[proportion of the claimsfroms friend who just •re team that the reports f net, that there n a large oct there But not ah whowere wrapped to Hemes. There erere twenty new kegsof powder is a hogshead in the latter stare, which inafew moments exploded with tremendous force, scat-tering fragments of the building and goods in everydirection, pieces of burning timber, fragments ofchains aad castings were Mattered fir hundreds ofyards, psaotratmg the buildings on the other aide orthe square, aad setting several of them on are, and it salary uttered ia f 1.590, to be further increased the second was only by the utmost exertions of the tow peoplejustified ia asaerttaw thatsafety; aad posir e snr«e know- In f *•"-• , f c e faaSswassSatpaving m i l aad gulch ta theTMkooa are plenty aad owing to the large amount out their Mock. There halor the fifcanaaa diggings for large majority of the* are d:to sell oat e at the preaeuto supply them till exUnemly lew ratIV—. W L. Gage, recently travelling in Europe, has re-ceived an mviastion to settle a s pastor o f the Richmandstreet Congregsttonal church in Edinburg, Scotland, she presented this truth to man for observation and adaptation inwhich prospect nearly did ia California galea. 'The gulch to fa-t eiiiag with buildings for stores aadKisco, Westchester sesnty.SasAS Sirsjass, reiwt of the Ute Joha A. Snyder, m the 71st year of her aan.' discoveries in other srui watt as the erapaal discoverpurguag away ton only ia ai figurative sense.—Heb.these sad kmdradpaawfteswi Iqarn, first, toe avreelife of buawailjy; aeeoimly. w e learn the corruptingot wrong doinKi and thirdly, the means by which coi rupuon taremoved, pmgsuon—the 'remedy that God has a ipoinied. half past 3 o'clock. T ae friends of tfc» family are re- We need not, (hen, assert that the inference is s t "ouylv inidwhich they ieatigraato ta being !•"h abeing sawed b y head, -mad the climate there at night, there being a half of tee formedwe kaow personally. in the Sooth Park, andRev. Goo. B. Little,pastor of the Congregational church ia West Newton, died in Roxhury, Mass., on the 28thquested to attend without further inviUtiea. Taosus.—On Thursday, July 28, after sat httielarge rath of emigration past two, months, aad a sntod aad discouraged, thing they can spare a t time there are provision, h ia theminesoathe 1st of January, aad ob- They are dairy makingwould be beneaited by a publication of what all msy sew at a gtoace la a letter drawn from the fertile imagination of some correspondent, sad s o foundation to tact.ttoaWhile a man named Croby was painting the treat of the fifth story Mo. 3 Barclay street, the raps broke which supported t h e ladder upon which he was standing, aadprecipitated him into the street below, aad the only thing that prevented him from being dashed to pieces was a shade blind, with which hto head came ia contact, and it being stoutly bound with iron. His fall caused considerable iajery to his head aad hands, which quite disable* him from doing any kind of work, aad as he has a wife aad family entirely dependent oa him for support, they are now (during his sickness) toft without the means of obtaining the necessaries of lito; aad as there are many who greatly exert themselves to instruct theyear. Mr. imge will probably decline the calkthe demaosb-atien ia open to all whechoose 1 ° ""»«''ye it, bat there must be die proper agent applied to pi educe he result. In the air w e had eleatriciv aad etormi in t h • oeeau, the up- heaviax from it* deep s e s bed into universal Sgitatnn; in the vegetable world, the ait, liftu and gases, the ' airit'tt.-oiui mauSTXWAXT—On Saturday..levy 88, of ehotors tomntum, J«)sw HSBBY, oary son of Hesrv F. Stewart aad" Mary Leonard, sped I month aad 34 ewysThe relatives snd friends ot the family are respectfullyThey have • mill ia their vicinity vet, t a great dsndvaai in building far want ofnan church in tdford.DBATHS IN TBS MINISTRY.aad some One. large, substantial brick build- aix or seven, which we noticed on our trip taw morning, which are rapidly approachinggoing on,eomptottoa, probably uve more just commenced. Thenessed in that church.An English paper says the increase of the membership of Methodism during the past ecclesiastical year was fif- teen thousand four hundred and sixty-nine full members, and twenty-six thousand teven hundred and forty six re- main on trial. The candidates for the ministry are more numerous than in any former year. The missionary col- lections for the year amount to $700,000.The Methodists in France count at present 152 chapelsor placed of worship, twenty ministers, six colporteurs,seventy two local preachers aad 1.446 members, sixty-five on triil, 280 teachers, and 1,501 pupils in the Sun- \ t h e e l e r e k W day schools.flatto he had at all. T awes now are fully aa hard, so, thawthey were at say time here Leavenworth and Pikes Peak ExchangeDon Manuel Freshnada. If lourne, N Urtoaae; A Schwartaar, B Wahde, « B rushbect Sfuth CaroHaa, Besry Fuller. P UB naajade! XtUrn, Mrs Del V»l»e daoghters and ee'vant; W W Phi ps aad wife, J Auerbacii and wifeaud three ebildreu; MrsFEARFUL GKOES—ABOLITIONOtfs V\V A TOiqK BROWN AMONG 173—NORTH-for business today. They have ample Tillmjia and tw o cbddreit, m Illinois. J O Weed, E J Bobet. facilitiestorcoining,andarepreparedtodoanyaadevery MraadMrsFJBCrane,ofDetroit;ADuBercaan,JamesHhmdafbaahmg btsimeas, Mr. Ctork, of Clark. Graber & Buchanan, Teresa s o u Josefs PoU. Jose TrsvleMS, D e Loruaz,Co . of Leaveawerth, to President, sad L. L. toad, of the i B BeoOSt and three frwhde, Pierre Berger, Kentucky. Mr Arsedam. P L F* Tjnaa B Duraid. Mr Argadin s a w place, Secretary thai weather through the middle and friend. Jose and V & Ahrew, Mr lirav aadoi the day has been extreme y hot, the thermometer wife and three dtors Mr and Mrs James Trahne. staading at ISO ia the shade and 133 m the sua. John O Sctachto, . Mrs Ch'idi. Rochester, JohnERN TEXAS TO BE LAID WASTE—THE WORE ALREADY COMMBKCBD.The destructive and mysterious fires that occurred throughout our portion of the ?tau>. on the 8th inst., were a theme for speculation until to-day, some imputed their origin to the "spontaneous combustion" of prairie matches, caused by the exjtstive heat of that day, but the conviction seemed to prevail that they were the re-The best to use for family aewtnz.496 Broadway. Now Tor ii.Wkoleaalr aawst, Me Sttouto William snseS, Kew/"l APK MAT l APE MAT ' CAPE KA<I»K«nraiooist8,will please oaaarve the aSasaswAW of Caw Milk anpglied on beard the Great naeleru atosrashln aad sa*^ las following testimonial:—fTEABBKir- OOSAT BSSW^aK 3 Mow ai Mew Teas.We have hoaa the fitstore. 833 Broadwav, ia Jewelry, stiver aad Ptded Wars, asthestuckwillbeauldhelowoasttoetotothe<TOTHM QCBBN. GOD tarstoaeriseveral perscca{near that end of the saloon atMarshsal Cure Truss with sitlnnes to Apply HASic effect:n.' permanent cures ofBeaver street.zasQ—Speculation to) Motmme Wotted- Ex- tic.J B Pox. W J smith. FM 8 Cohen, W WJackson, Mm!am M BVan Ptir, J LangmeadTBIST ATBMRN1—PAPERSNINTH ATBjrCE RAILROAD TO RCN CARS TO THE CENTRAL PARE,ETC.T h i s B o a r d m e t o n F r i d a y i n t h e i r o w n c h a m b e r , h a v i n gbeen compelled to occupy the chamber of the Board ofrecipients of fine showersGof rain I ever saw T w o heavy storms seemed to meet Ceureux. J Med, M F Schaler, C Owlet, A Olrii h,J Pure* J Bosgiann. A re, J Boas, A Hungers awdjwMe. overasasm•aaaawdtorthaimastery. Thewatertollin MA^traw. aadwifeT^een *f*m>2^222E&JE2tastefully decorated, under the supervision of Mr. James Galway. Thechandeliershavebeenrefinished,andanewdye privately applied at No. « Aster House.Salt Hhenm. t leers. O ld Sores a n d Pile..k.-tuare np^ediiv lipaied byjBOLLOWAY'S Baistiuiic Oiuimeut. Iip»'heirat*t>n»the core'of these disorders, o«*atraii»estoein- corej01 t*J"W JaastoJonTP'se ACaw"a DabU 1perfect sheets, aad far atiash as dense was the falling ram that oae esnkl net see across the street. The battle of the elesaaaSa was tares, and protracted for over aa hour. Such vivid lightstag aad sash peals of thunder are seldomC t o S J Ihwr. Dawre Brunei, fjBhSJWil. P«a*.»Bafa*. F M a s t u , Vatostme Bseater aad wife. Total B3.Ltvsaroot.—*»' tvof Baltimore—Mrs J C Bush, three children aad nurse; .*«»• Jane MeAlttatar, Miss A Meancarpet of a rich pattern furnished. cupiedtheChair,andassoonas the minutesof thepre- vious meeting were read and approved, he presented a few unimportant papers, which were referred.Wi:e, Mr Ssv.ge »nd w: ,exceptoathe;flaisa. TheMetropolitanbil- .'teeDeLaPorttlbvWBFORMATIOM WANTED.stoarege- Total MS.tiled to everflowmg. Quite h large CBASLEStQS—iD W Aides tod]Jaa Adger-Jno G Milnor and lady,C Aikea. A M AJkss, G H Mnnaou. •Wdth John MeKeyoa aad tody. H Jas 8 Oibhee sod lady, Mhw Benge.$380,187 38 . 180.883 81—X The partes who bave written she Webs, oafermtog aan i* eounterfena and asasSaSSSOt ato' will please e«J at hat oJSne B e islars wereamount of goods stored a the cellar of R. E Bradford h Co. wars dsaaagam by the Bood. The large building oaMiasJ AMunem B MeqiMasaitaw < »°MajRttaaPsymenuT^»vB»Ti-OmmiAi»i>sx^—la thiscity.onSunday, July 8.$870,30357 b f i h T B ^ a M a athto^ T ^ l ? a \ Ms. aerationforsuch uuormaiM«.i street, being built by! Fisher * Co., adobe walls aad; heavy fall of wa- L, .w r sw . .B-. Isa cellar had re- hUd to support itfrom St. sad hesvyJ B aVheremer, Miaa L jladyaaddajhtjW J Fates aad son, J F tawpaaa, Mrs J H S H j . ehiUaad aenraat; O Pea. D 8* CHAS. B- PRYOR. Comment oa the above would be superfluous, every- body will see the necessity of immediate energetic action, and a thorough organization throughout the country, and tothisendtttoproposedthatameettogofthecitiseosofFannin county be held to the court house at nVmbam, at ton o'clock oa Saturday next, when the subject will be fully discussed sad measuresaoooted for future safetyThe dree that occurred on the 8th ins* , as far aa we i vet able to toera, are as fettaars;—DALLAS—The entire business portion of the towa IU- eluding every mercantile house ia the plaee. * eati-dellgoing into the mines there. One weed ia regard toeither correspondin* to where they are known, which reaches u s letters News from Pike's reek," pal papers, giving the aithe number of buildings,iroauaireIeaaodoforsrawsaienioauls. ^ 1 saaiDhdnL drsDeosia. •Islwhktowsrebastm^Smm bsen afforAsSask eube and cbnooie (allure of the varteos aasrtli Inn of some of the beat pliysiup toirty pooadS, aad.When I neve been auve takaa sa high aawith speedv -elief and p* MS until the preaeu 3,our valtmhlepills• I have travSBad hi Utat icmmii-ade I s Uosral use 1 various BUSTS of differ where the patient per- 1, he waa cured. Now. ad oliaerrstiaa, I feel affl, fo. ' special use. perfecta nativeefare greetryexaggerated, on as successful their aim maw be to thuswholly false. What in the town of Denton. An alarm was immediately given. failingfactsIamunableto aadeveryeatortmadebythefewwhofirstarrivedattheeonoaived, partyi with severe or exithirty lan-e pdla at a Urn**II4* Ifortradingcapital,aad been offeredtor sale.say. The only reason imaginable "is, sa oae of them spot to save the books sad goods, but to very little pur told me, that it would cause a large immigratiaa, aa*wasordained aspastorofthenew Uaitortoa- societyla sssaSssraaalat. From flMsS), Thaye ceaUnueddelightful for minds of these abroad. and whose improvement to very > sleeping, a t sights, providing onehas • huge are t oe, on theWe learn from the Belleville Ad*erti.ter that information hasbeenreceivedtothatcityofthedeathbydrowning of the Rev. II. C. BtockweU, an old resident of Belleville.ay and peaaty of blankets aad robes tor covering. doubtful, they will be glad to find aa opportunity of alto nw aa raalalito mtormathwi from the Blue or South v.atiag the sufferings of s| fellow being at home, who hasWithjjreetrespect, J.w*aXtdiLAO.«B. ^ ^ ^ BRTSIPtLAS CCRBD.are actually paying running expeases. tot alone a"return for their investment. We do not kaow i that is pay ing expanses that has come infCBxarasrThe Great BasatoaWn *wnaaaer Hatta— Strawahsrsh, Burlington, sa Monday morning, atq-ijcfcsuver was the cause. one sull we kaow of, which •are sad every way adaptedThere m a y be,j but w e have substantialhour, the storehouse of Mr. Dupre, at Ladonto, was de-_ tor sate, snd others have expressed the ••Hal like to sell out at urat cess.AX. The loss is estimated at $ij.000Also, the large steam flouring mill at Millwood, ia ColI in county, was destroyed by ore. The loss is estimated at$10,000.The dwellings of J. J. Eakias and Silas Leonard, about oae aad a half mites from Dallas. were consumed by fire. with everything in them.C. who delivered the closing discourse.MBSCBLLANSOr/3.At a recent sale of pews in Rev. T. S. King's church, inSanTFrsncLSCO.thenetproceedsyieldedthesumof$8.200 The'prices ranged from 865 to $800 s pew. Besides pay- ing Mr. King $4 000 for a year's service, the society will be enabled to pay off a debt of 814,000 incurred in building the spacious church, as the gross income thisT o atomtjatoWSassai. C e t Y o s r Shirts Made trustees of the College of Vew Jersey and of the direc-tors of Princeton Theological Seasaaary to raspeeafslly to order at MOODY'S Shirt Maaufaetory, $82 BroaAwsy. solicierd.Wasoa —On Fridsy, Joiy 27, cUsna Asir Wnso>-, aged Extra Fine Winter Merino Inleratklrta 7vests,10monthsand18daysof all the trouble sad disappointment unsettled as y e t Some say it was worthless quartz which they were working others that impure the cause what it may. considered a perfect pat-Before Hon. Judge Leonard. CyrusW.nddet aLm.Gttrge8.Corwtnetsi—Exam-ination to proceed.Jotes* WUttokor d ai. « . A. Boody et «J —Motionlor tairty oentt each, ax 1'. W. TAX BT/BMM'S,19$ and 138 Pulton street.TUe retotives and fHeode of the iton&ry are isspeaSfully invited to attend the fursrsl. from the reaiosacr ef ±erfather, No. 281 Third i r n e . this (i»ssday) three o clock.thia peculiar quart* forma mupandia experimentingfori n k GeorgeWMcDowAm.CkarU*W.Daniels—MotiontiredafirebrokeoutiaWaxahatchie,whichwasfortu-yearfromallsourceswillexceed$20,080TatsislargerMiniatures,Csgdaeta,ImpenaJaandLileRue.Twoforty-niner, three weeks, bbuutt nas not ye* takes out 328. proprietors, who were at first the most sanguinegranted as ludgmeut for $1,710 Sg, and for •0,000, aad denied aa to judgment far $1,234 04, without costs.|iCommon Pleats—Special Term. Before Hon. Judge Daly.P. 7- Cutler w. Ceo. M 8mle—Motion denied.EugeneJrwswy m.M. X L. Btajf.—After the decision made by Judge Brady upon the trial, the defeucant should have liberty to renew the motion to discharge from the arrest. Motion to renew granted.Sylvester WmUrhatuew rVanci* A. Palmer (two suits/—Judgments for psiintifl on demurrers.nately discovered aad extinguished before much damage was done.than the income received at either Rev. Mr. Beecher'sor Dr. Chapin s ehurcb, and is a large annual income for a cuurch. Thechurchiscrowdedateverymeeting,andOmS-jFultoniof success, are now rather i tnrtiis m the mill. There i pay a*the proper means can arecentvnit tothemines working s mill or crasher tite arrangement. A stomp like a mortar, aad a huge w tTheStateGazetteadds:—AndherewemayalsoremarkthattheBasseday.and Mr.Kinghasbeenverysuccessfulthere.The Cbicasjo Zoaavci and Second Com- panyNational,Guardweregroanedaadtakenforthestereo- ALWAYSHOMBTHINGNMW -PBDr.WOOB*»11# tiII, II* J ;i «i• -1i-to dispose of their in ty of quarts which will obtained to work it. At noticedamanwhowasother way, to pound up sometquarts and wash it to ob Uia the needful t o purchase f h W aext warm meal or a gtomoftoddytocheertheirdroolingspirits.News about town to scarce.! Bu»iufes cannot be mid to he improving materially Several large tra.ns have ar- rived from the river within the past week heavily toden with gauds, aad oar stores and warehouses now groan beneath the weight of merchandise. It is anticipated little will be don* ia set'.tag goods before the 1st of Jaauarv, as miners are laynig » supplies now tor some time to come, while they can purchase cheap from those who are returning. There is considerable buildingdrawbackheretoallhindsofbusinessis,thereis PaasprtoSwrtol,MiaaTeurueand twosisters. NewOrleans.about the same hour, a fire was discovered back or the rooms of the Imtellujeru.tr, in the rear of the Swensoa Building, which was fortunately pot out before it had suc- ceeded beyond charring the door and sills of the building. We thought but little of this last fire a*, the time, but since learning of the others it really looks ss though there might have been something further meant by it than wsa tret supposed.In view otall these fires, sad in consideration of the farts presented, who can doubt of the fact that there is a regular organised band of hellhounds, who have secretly plotted the destruction of property and of life' Who canthey b e , s a d what motive can they have? These ques tionaoccuratoncetothemind. Wehavenotroamto pursue the subject further,'but we will not close without calling the attention of the citizens of Austin, and of our patrons everywhere, to the necessity of guarding well their property, and of scrutinizing closely every stranger and every loafer who may be found amon: them.There are letters in this city giving accounts of serious fires at Sulphur Springs and Brenham. but our mail to- day does sot bring us any details of the disasters at these I'lac- s.The impression prevails that these extensive conila grationa in Texas are the work of Northern abolitionists, several of whom bave been ordered out of Texas,The following is from an extra ef the Bon/mm Era of the nthinst.:—scope instantaneously at Wast Point, on Thursday last. Copies Baave Cordial sad Blood i~ ready; atossswt to the trade. 1his own—quite a primi been dag out in shape pestle to suit had been over head, and with this power he was poeadmg ,b.'y good wages. His quartz the richest leads there. It is very — „ they get abort of funds, andean do nob R e p n b U c a n B l iT h e s a v a n n a n j werewill at enee toad to remove alttosyeat&waef tto-etoodaadmil of oae stamp aad oae i eat quarts aad realizing Ithe church has been violated, and therefore that the new chapter inserted into the Discipline on this subject is null andvoid.The Huntington (Tenn.) Patriot says—Rev. J. P. Lowry, of the M. E. Church, in charge of Huntington circuit, was oa tost Thursday arraigned before a commit- teeoftravellingpreachers,uponachargeof"immoral and unchristian conduct,'' and after a full hearing, occu pyingnearlytwodays,wasconvictedandsuspended from his ministerial functions until the next annual Con ference. Rev. X. L.Norvell will supply his place.During the recent session of the General Assembly ofthe Cumberlaaw l*resbyteriaa church,at Nashville.Tenn.,Rev J. C. Armstrong was publicly and solemnly setJ. GURNET A SON. 7U7 BroadwayCard andLetter Photographs for Bstsf* Broadway,andsoldbyalldiISMassa just call on all t h e unfortunate.JCIIas, vm.It occurred in Hto Kashsskto river, near Carlyle.denied.At about the same time that the, town of Dallas wasP b o t o g r s p h s — W i l l i a iArrivalsDepartures.AMRITJLL3.See taeJJrange ~__ EnvetofM-s. aew eaua TavtavHi*GAroas—e*ipAzzan—UrsHeaawnanddaughter. From St Helena—Abrou Azulay. ,StosaovIA—Bark J W Fmaje- C K (J«mmi», of Boetoa. KBUVIT**— Brig MesSteS [ U r OeviS Wood, of Coun. BSJLSCDA—Brig Thomaa M Mayhew—Johu Brady.Mrl4KTl RES.gorrHAsnos AKP Bawaa toesammp Vanderbilt—MimFanny H Phelpa. t'hrwtum 0 U'inter and wife, Mrs 1> T Brai- nard. Pailadelphia. Mitdam Marie \ lrfoiet. Lees Waller, Pierre Bomemeraa. HSVMM; W a Kaynolds and aau. Miss Raynol>U, Madam Cleasaae de Bawaa, Jeaeiih A Roche, J H Aiahrtdge, W W Price, Edward Uroshola. Phuadelphia; Mrs Ansa R i.h mend. Alex Payee, B Friedtniuin. Call Rjiimund, M du Bri o, A rsilsea. Sew Orleans. Madam Milhei, Carter Read. W Plawde*. Mlie Ratdlier Aniieraadeiukt. A'lvehoSarioi. Cuba;street, earner of College place.ROBERT M. PATRICK.Kirs Murray street.a T r c - A NMW 8TYLE OF SHOK8 A N D GAXTMBS, AS8 Jk J6ST1BW.No.10and 12Aanstreet. CallassesstaoavU here who are- friends or to some paper*e ass by almost every mail[From the New Orleans Picayune.]FmS m 1»*«ow.—From the Houston 7fe&groaA of taewe copy the foUowing particolars of a very de- •tructive Ire hi Beaton —About half-past three trtitoek P. M..on the tth last., a are was discovered in the counting room of the store of James M. mwoot, •Maated oa the corner of Elm aad Hick ory saToeta, at the southwest comer of the pubhc *iuareapsssM asswssstoa. tae sattoessvawstoaadtoi andtheassyahjatoas a? aMa ctty, to aasssS ass i Vdhat. When I firstthen the poor cusses would become discouraged aad s a l pose, in a few moments the whole building was a massout cheap to return, thai making oar market prices low of itoraea. A stiff bresae at the saoe time sprang up from the southwest, aad in a few seconds the stores of and money plentv in the country. It appears to be a plan Messrs. S. s H. Jacobs aad of Messrs. Barnes A Mountsto get emigrants Into their power t o fleece them. I would not have mentioned it, bat having received tetters from the States inquiring the reason why m y totters were not as favorable as others, I only answer, I do not writethan any other what to common rumor without foundation tor belief inert' tools and pro- as facts, hut only such iss are known to be facta; nor say that business to brisk because I expect tt to be la baaver, after a while, but endeavor to get at the facts at the date igraats who are selling of writing. I do net imagitoi the columns of any paperEtodntree, on the 18th inst. INVTT4TION8*3ev. '.V. Syms D. D., formerly of Newark. K. J , has accented a unanimous-call to the pastorate of the*Baptist chodob in Kingston, X. Y., and has entered upon its du- ties.ever asaastoa JtoaaSass. Slate, also East and South of your pills to bsadreds ew diseases, aad to severed to a liberalafter twenty fiveafter twenty five yearaAnderson, TA BroaroaiTel J V Myaick, Francois Lacrouu,Mr. Itormaa, whose ordination was refused by a Con-Jaaty 37. 1888. \I have ntich pleasure in t'.attdg that the eswa holiaijass toh Walter Rays, Dr s A Ratiaefio. Mrs OveUiKl, J Btterhaeh, J s F Jackson, Miss M D One!. MissA J Gnndlach. wife and child: Lta-hniind. J O Halhun, Jacob Schaiikei-.Be* opportunity ever oiBered. wanted.Ottice 483 Broadway.Agents0 n . ALLBM. ChiefDepot for sale of TOOELE Y S Feed for r ho.21Bnavdjaay.MewYork.REAT BARGAINS MAY BE BAD ATAur Tseaosse. wife atad illois 8 Dropp and wife, 8 Donna.FROM T H IALDERJiEN — THEgreatly to the enjoyment of] all. Yesterday we received F Crane, JM Clanders. Hock. B Flnase O Weyer, H An- was fired, but discovered in time to arrest the itames- Aldermen for some time, while their own room was un-themeatsevereoneoftheilaami,andtheheav.es;fall toiusir,FMulle,at_ 'erCLiskey.JGSchiaterer.M OnThursdaythepremise*ofGrillMilter,witaalargeamount of grain, oats, he., were totally sonsumed. This led to the arrest of some negroes and white men. A most diabolisal plan wasthen discoveredtodevastate this entire portion of Northern Texas, exiealing even to the Red river counties.White men, frieada of the abolition preachers Blunt sad McKinney, who were expelled- from the country tost year, are the instigators of the.piot. The whole plan is sys- tematically conceived aad most ingeniously contrived. It makes the biood run cold to bear the details. This whole country was to be laid waste with fire, destroying all theCristatdoro'sHnlrOwe,vVlajadergoing repairs. The interior of the chamber hsa been pass—The bast in thehrorld. Wholesale aad retail aad the IMPORTANT TO ALB B*£'5 5S»il«« _BtoasLC Telbel, P Ysibe J Meto. A Balrgny. Maegnard, »lI I have oa draught, m apiaadal eaadUIO'a-- uuinaeas' Daalas «5f»J»w-M.*^h'V^-»tagatoAie,i Rs>* Fuller, Ssaauel V ase and James Bent, William P Caiupbei;, Beaweatoandwife,AlexPatten, ,!»mea FaekrtL D r F m iittire. J Herts, Win 8 Buchanan,fSaoiniauon. .md consequently auuihiiauss Uie cauae which gives ihein Hie. conpwpiedrew. Mrs Bcaiih, 1iwas struck by Itojhtoiag during the eraar o f t h e buildinglersadwifr,Rt;S»R JamesatWUsoo.R.>btRnimau, 1 B Duriere Mrs Hot M Watoh. Miss Lizsie Glover, Miss •hrya*le«er.'ahtsterH imA,&AABoherw.JCMcHur>ey but nose wets snare thaw slightly injured. The sad wife, r-harii SUM, B B Ferguson—and 19$ to the, Miaa 8 K Bu*ell, John Turum, N 0;•MrBoddenandwife. IMairfcwtud, l*rO'Brien.LNrowJI'IP mnj-mpjiin-iiiMB* T Q M HMALD, 8UNBAT, :*TO<T » , I860that happened to be in town that the remaining baainssaportion of oar thriving village was saved from the de-vouring elesnent, which; owisg to the scarcity and dis-tance of water, at one time was thought inevitable. Butthe todies (God bless them') came to the rescue, aad, not-withstanding the a most intolerable beat of the sun, soosbrought sufficient water to save several buildings whichwe had almost given up to destruction. As it to, thewhole west aide of the public Square, with the solitary Presbyterian charch in Geneva, X. Y , ou the evening ofJune 30.RRWGNATION. -Rev. Theodore Tebbetta, formerly of Lowell, Mass., has,Messrs. B. h &*s store was in great danger, sad was pro- bably only saved by the explosion spoken of above; thegoods. however. were all removedThetornat Denton was over $80,000.Fma a s PBUR Pom.—At the same hmr that the OreI Iexception of Messrs Blount » Scruggs' store, on the ex- treme northwest corner. is in sabee.The losses are as follows —97 Mot! street, thisfcSandayj aftoracen, at two 1 Ssrsm—8uddenlv. on Friday, J w yMr. Smoet saved comparatively nothing: books aad allwere burned, $60,000 will not cover hto loss Messrs.Jacobs' total loss, $7,t80>. Messrs. Balnea * Mounts savedtheir hooks and a portion of their goods; their loss iaestimated a t $20 600. A building belonging t o Ed. Row,partly mushed, aad a storehouse belonging to the Al- tost., at the age of thirty-eight. His disease was pul- dridge estate, were also destroyed, valued a t some $1,200.The ^seral will take place from her tote Mo. 29 West Sixteenth street, this (8uad£y)iOntheeveningofthesameday. andabout thesame&c, toVan O'Laadeo, W B UtteU. A J these facts known by issuing extras, to be seat in every W • halter, B Baar, D Trebrtek. direction. All business una ceased, and the country isB C Adsmsoo. tody, eafld aad ser- terribly excited. Ia basts, yours truly.lnfnrma"— waieh aavr lead u> tan «_ . pLAunureH, F Hans, W l^Fscea, H Bash, lady aad ihrsecail-The Board concurred with t h e Aldermen to divide t h e Nineteenth ward into more convenient election districts. A large cumber of reports of committees, principallyfromtheboardofAldermen,werereceived,and,inas- oordanoe wish the charter, were told over for actionat the next masting.A lively debate arose on a resolution adopted by titeAldermen to permit the Xmth Avenue Railroad to runtheir cars oat the temporary track through Fifty-fourthdaughter ai Timothyj B. Ahoott, Esq.dree: W A HtHmea, J K Aldery E Hnpe, O M Ooodwtn, BABrown.fMrs 3July 2L GatMtos W.RAI»—IXSCRRRCTIONO FNK-am unit ion.state of helplessness, sad then, on elect. >c day in August,to make a general insurrection, aided and assisted by em-issaries from the North, and persons friendly to them iuour midst. Their sphere o f operations i s districtedand ash-districted, giving to each division a close Total.... supervision by one energetic white mau. who controls the negroes sa hto subordinates A regular invasion,and a real intestine war. You all at Bonham are ia as- ~ ~ - j u dehruaer. Jr. Chas much danger as we are. Be on your guard, and make Miaa. Mhw thstoadenBalanceAn invitation was tendered and accepted iron the Barlem and Spuyton Duyvel Creek Navigation Company, of-fering the use of one of their steamers to examine the "^^^c^uridty %"S17SSXS^S: Harlem river, with a view to ascertain the possibility ofcircumnavigating this island.arsis, provisions,ttadi-529,43154 hernia or rupture. M KSH A CO., So. 2 veaej street. N T . IMITATION 8CMNAPP8.get the countryin aby the Eighth Avenue Railroad Company.mated at Messrs. Pgacxxsv, Lurr and ALLSNmade brief speeches,Maajasaa—lagathugsstorehouseswere destroyed opposingtheconcurrencewiththeAkbrmen.characteri-rJt FOLLOWIBO TWO Ttp< AM9KM8ABATTJTJUto~" wax —Black Freaek Varnish,The buildings ware owasd by Bra. Fsotoasd ofMcKianey Loss not given.Ellis county.—shiatto stostroysd " • to*t*sing the acheme as a part of the railroad swindle perpe- trated b y the Albany Legtototare a t its last session,Mr. PoaasMST aaid that when a resolution was present- ed last ve»r, asking parmtoihw to toy a tasspnrsry track is Fiftieth street, the real •ieaign was hid. The partiesIr. Allen, the Tenttomaa whowanat,Two Baa Pearl wane de Oae Shaw Jar aadkeag «_, One Caatoa %. das. Pa>a«y One CakeOne Cake Laandry One Cake Orrta Xr OiH-Caketoetdortei aCertartanfaorx «h'each. A a r war erdsatog fress r m £ « waii haveav j0? ii^uiaferaaw*''--*-'«1 ••are i'•teUige CITT CHI•fand probably the " ontU after the dog dsys. Mhave toft the city for their sas-temporarily settled to different placesRev. Sydaey A. Corey will preset ia» H Baptist charch (Thirty fifth street, bet * ,OCand Sixtoavenum) this morning, at naif past too Subject—'The evening of Life:" aad to the even "** Sight o'clock. Subject—"The Morning of Life.-- •la St. Aaas church. Rev. Thomas GaOaudet rest * lighteeath street, near Fifth avenue, aarvtoe will be betwith the voice, at halfpast ten to M and sight P M., and in the stow tongusge at half-past throe P. M.Br. Morris will preach to the evening.Ia tt* Atttrosh Baptist church. Seventh avenueTwentieth etreet. Albert 6 . Lawsou, Jr ., the boyer, wili preach today, at a quarter to eight P. M. The, JOBS Q sMams, will preach at hall past ton A. M. thrssP . M.cixsreh. Haoamosd street, comer of Wa verteypease, Mar Rev. Was ]T. Wilson, assistant ministoroYat.PStoi'»>fiitodh,wdprBtohsato maatog Ser vices s« hair past ten, tour said eight e'etoek.Ia the Brooklyc Tabernacle, a s Fulton avenue, Hoyt strew. the Bev. Washtogton Gteddtogfor the evening wiB be an from the pulpit. Servtoei will cewameace at half-past ten A. a t sad a owarter to eight P. M.•Bat Now Ji waji m <ssuroh fjlsaawbtogtoa) wtB holdpub3c worshir*to dsy at the National afssscat Institute, formerly flulilbask's Music Hail, W Broadway, at batf- pattWA.M.The Protestant ipiscopal Mission ehurcb, Clsetoe Ball, Astor pace, m chawge of the Rev Robert G. Dtckaon. will bold divlse servieeto day at haL* past tea A. M. and half- past seven P. M.W. MaUseaos will deliver the opening address to the ball 178 Priace street, this eveaiag, at half past o'clock. Si bject—" Penance and Holy Orders." Catholics allowed to reply.OSSMRAnOH.Rev. Mr. Tewae, formerly of Lowell, recently orthodox,•^ar^SfciSia, 'tlet*"forpublic•assssSssssBW*- eCABTSK ur A Ck-VTCBT.Fmk,agsd»llasys "*LASSOK —On Saturday, July B , to Philadelphia, aged 4* yeara, i lRev. Richard G. Greene, of East Cambridge, has accept- ed the call to the Congregational church and society in Brightos, Massistoldto"purgeowt,therefore, theok)leaven awae maybe Invitedtoattend bisfuneral,this(Sunday)aftorasos,at pk b tp iINSTALLATION.Rev. A. A. Wood. D. I)., recently, pastor of the Centrala new lamp And w h a » furthermore a n-ni • * *e 'll »— two o'clock, from 87 Lewis streetPresbyterian chsrub, Broome street, New York, was in- stalled by the Presbytery of Geneva, pastor of the FirstFriday, Jury The relatives and frieads of the asSstly are 1Hexja1on account of jll health, resigned as pastor of the L'nita«•. *- ' rom seaaoftae aukiencemonary consumption. Mr. Little w a s first settled over the First church in Bangor, which position he relinquished on account of falling health. He had beeu pastor at West Newton some two years or more.Canucitnrs Kmxi, wife of Daniel tnsnsaS, ia the 63d j of her age.wasia programtoDenton,Mr.TurnerofthefirmofSmoot &Turner, at Pilot Point, brings the sad news thaton the same day, aad at the same boor, their store at thatplace w a s consumed b y a r e . Everything a total loos.This swells Mr Smoot s losses oa yesterday to $80,000..-urely he can exclaim, misfortunes come not single hand-ed, but in battalions. Bow the two ures originated at The new Dapttot church edifice in Trenton, New Jersey, drugs, I happhr called ax your OSes and asked your advu w». at two o'clock, whhout further-notice.332 <JnF.rumen eVrsEXT, N i w Tons, Jidy 31, 18 **• T»r. B. BitajiitKETB—liear Sir—For three years I was TheRev.A.JorrdiedmThoasaavilto,Ga.,onthe13th afiiu-tedwitherysipeaa,sothatIwaaalmostera.-;,wtth sheMrs. EusuBirs Timsas. wtfe of Joseph Or Oasasas, V. 8. N , in the ftth year of hay age.persons who are able to assist C1URLES C . GLOVER,11 Barclay street.cityGermantody,residingatNo.127Washingtonstreet,Ho- bokea. committed sell-destruction by awaUowiag a ojuan- tity of arsenic on Friday afternoon. An inqneat was sub- sequently held b y Justice F . W. Bobnstedt, whan i t ap- peared that deceased arrijved in this country, together with her husband and four children, a few weeks since, sad tor some days past has appeared melancholy aad par- tiallyderanged. Thejury rendered the following ver diet"—"We find that Bnaa Ssssiilhal came to her death by taking arsenic, administered b y her own hands Thejury would call the attention of the public authorities tothe loose Banner in which poisons are sold b y druggistsfardoubtingit.Therearequiteanumberofgenerally." stroyedbySure,togetherwithmaterialforanewbuilding,andRev.Dr.Early,PresidentofGeorgetownCollege,D. 4-— Baminatiens,areinvitedtoattend,Taepresenceeftooi farther than that rally maktogfairm.aers a t work areis the case in California and general supplies are be afforded by our men he the case for the nextTherelativesmdfriendsoftiefaagflyareiiapattfulry invlted to attesd the fonerat from her tote residence.WlLVirgmia papers toeSSB copy.•asMSm—OsFridayeven.-ng,July27, hut severe Biases, 2UXN Fitaaess. atoags*' and Maria Van Ne».v. aged S years aad 8 •The frieada ot her parents, and thnae of herander Thompson. arvrcepeetfuMy avtoed toaeraf, this ( AUKtoy)"aftei noun sU-Te^clock, (ram thSrem- ossssefherparents,No 188West*"the gutobes are n o t paying well b y t h e quartz mill men wear rather long faces aad took frhadtosa Same endeavor to keep it a 3ecret "atsanearasweareableto tor reliable awtrqea, very—» 1 5 6 a a d 1 3 8 Katltaw Wtotor Uadershirta he ia selltogaaymeaseYas BassasxABK.-—At Burlington Jury S3, Rev. ComrLdnrr VaxM.JNEW CHURCHES.was dedicated on the 28th inst.ThenewchurchedificeerectedbytheOldSchoolPres- byterian congregation of Uarraburg, Pa., was dedicated oa the 22d inst., to the worship of God, with the customa- ry sotemnittea.The Baptist church at Middtotoa Point, K.Y., under the pastoral charge of Rev. John Barnes, has recently erected a new ehurcb edifice, which will he dedicated on Wednesday, August 1, with appropriate servicespdro, aad unable to do anjpatagiwhatever. T on can tasag i!>*'aay coudinon when I aay that f had Sixty two running eoret 1 a tone time. Being tired of [feeing the doctors aud taking th eir. No. 184 West Th.rty-second street, oa Monday aftornooa,apart to the work of foreign missions ;n th? empire ofEuropean Turkey. Such an event was never before wit- .-(iX > ,-F.WING MA< 11IXKS. These net dies are made byah ahaSOrleans; R < Rsmoiidel; Augs Read. D Ceiley.Cm, July 18, IS*). t'etes^bursh, Geo W*M* laklor RaUiag, 8 ( odall and sult of preconcerted arrangements set on foot by abolition gregaiimal council called at Manchester, Conn., some P s r c h g r e n M a r h t a e - - P a > f o r t t a a worn. the tireat Baatern have aaaeh laaproAed atnee pamiias efhi Goods Da- thUd. P Boward, C M.oi-« (>apai, D R Knight. Anthony emissaries, who had heretofore been expeued from the weeks since, has been inducted into the pastoral office in earn it." The Kureks relebraied Sewing Machines a< an ao- "Tborleyi. Food for Cattla." They aee aaese ttvaty audgtre a1 Steere m*rm—BuMmgt amass—Imied Sties Ti Saeahrg Afrmy as a CVy Lxs—.Yew a^ramsMefCaeCJ B Harrmgion and lady, , itorthepastfewdays,makingthehearts wifeandchild,JLameJsanddaeghtor,1Colonel..Cilixgle.S J v a l l a i a r m . J G e o r g e s , , 1 O e u u r o h . M r s M c A v o y , E B H u l l ' of the gai denies |lad aad cdoling and refreshing the air. HJ Mark. F Edwsrts. F HMorsier. J1 Horman.. SVraboro, A Pedra. J Oarthado. R ti lei!* T Lanabardun. H '- tsuwlry,Pouchon. Ml Bosenihien, OUm. XOriaans; John de la ft* Aruono— Montague. Madam W ~ and child, J Nilan, E Fiupatrkk,country. That this totter position was correct, is verified by the subjoined letter from Dr. Pryor, editor of the Dallas Herald —DALLAS, July 15,1860. Capt. PKLISLI —Dear Sir—I write iu haste that you may prepare your people for the most alarming state of affairsthat has ever occurred in Texas. On the tth of July the town of Dallas was ired, and the wuole business portion e n t i r e l y c o n s u m e d . E v e r y s t o r e i u t o w n w a s d e s t r o y e d . The next day the dwelling bouse of J. J. Eakias was burned. Alter that the dwelling house of E P Nicholsonthat place by s second council called for that purpose. of Councilraen,nommodaiion, can be parcnased parable in weekly amounts. UiUcii larger and aui>erior <iuali)# ot aailk.CHAMBERREFtMSHBD—WBRKIA" FINANCIALGlassdhadea.forCoveringClocks,Vasta, aaaksta of nokrers AIcC..I8. J. PARDESSBB, 32Piatt street, N.Y.A communJeatioh was received from the Deputy Comp- troller, giving the balances, receipts and payments for the week ending July 26. The following are the returns of theCityChamberlain—Bsttchelor'a iwVilfgei. Teaptei Dye have upprovemehts ssrpaasitu; ail oth eaay; perfect fb, no turntagjup behlad No. 161I understand a large .number-of persona areBalance in the Treasury. July Y» Receipts from all sources8330,73$ 84President Josrss oc-Tbase arttehw are not to be fouad etoewhareoodraug ibaCulledSlates «•M.MMNDUM.u * * ' u u ^ 3readway,ooraarof Cedaratre ,street, and ea the Eighth Avenue Railroad track to aad m^oae, « one o eJoekj at the above piecealong the Osctrai Park, as soon sa permission to graitedJuly 27, MAT;:PA a , wife of R. S. rofberage.WIS be held m the MemordacorscrofWaverleyplace,this s'otock, where the mtoiivoiinterested to Mr.stersd the resolution last year that the in1of theHe that theTTflflEITL. ECOJEOMICAIA AMD UJXLsUOfJfLpeerde dewarjtoed the toyiag of lsaly secursto its adept*(^pSchSryTro^av^^and of the* * wresideaas, 1(MWem Elevesih sweet, wiihout further uos a m e ' ^ a M csstosisd the B f f a f t a ^ W * « 2 2 ^ J J - MU* mm* A um immiiii «»"« the same ssssBS bad not bees rs» reav.a. and be nopeu tnaa »^T*T to ^ ^ g ^ Coeomoasasa AMkd stria sssSW ttMasBB* •aVastB WaWawfeWa SW* aawavw. w w w ^* a lawBtrsxx.- Msry S. Burke.•• anfier liUie <Esaarxs Ouass, eldest aoa ef J. E. aad 1S yesis, 1« moaths and 8 daysto c-jeue BBto me aad flarbil them '/C Mosday.r : i sa^toasas tiaras r^assVsMtTMai * aawtfisDEtt e^esJJHP wfBWvMater.w$Sto vstas •• •W B T w IswM assV tMWtRsTJ — • LasftsH# d yfriends, also thearti^,laimorary aadThe thanby any other ihot was nahed. tferojtfh aa-)Untitled Documentsay purgative medwtoewaswi, is bath appa * • ** order to effectpnnnpte upon Which 3ourtoedietaedifo rent aad conclutiTe The law of purgsU.Herring's Bnsglar Proof Safea, Mew York.6 jyers are ui\-ued to examine. Barxaina jMranteasP a"•ensThetramahandrelativesofthe attend hto funeral, this (*mday) Iflrst maswsili'iii \ to you the beaeftt which I derived o'clock, at hto residence, « Dfhth aattahswia hvsivK,MxwYews,July14,1880. Ps. B.BsAJnewiii r> wr Sir li isabout tweatyUve yeant n « aire* sad rsadaama! "waeaf Tour saMa. 1atoted at thatfttLevxJWf —At his residence, Sft Wi York.PasasmT LOVXJOT,aged88 Carberry, county Cork, IrstoarlN tie* of the funeral aare the hat v *n'' rao*t reliable ofpurilksuion, phjisicsl. JatoUbetaS) or spirit,trine. Thewholevegetablefamily,the.»irandseashaven i l w a r dhand, and of the best double refined En^lis.; nasi steel, andf. FliED. X-TI.WrJARD, 31 Warrenstreet, N. Y. Ladd. V\ ebatex 4. Ceu'a Improved TightSI.I . SewinisMaclunea, at 500 Broadway. I \—_)Grower afc Baker's Celebrat rd N()18KI.F>S SEWING MACHINES,181 Pulton MIeel, Brooklyn.This invaluable remedy m d debihty, can a s boughtCarle Afarosg, 183 Water SretA C.fvaasT Co.. 318 Pearl attest. LaaeBe, Marsh A Gsrdner 10GoldIA. B. Sands A Co.. 141 William stfei Penfoad, Parker A M< wer, 15 Bass-man WUtiam Bdgar Bird A Co . 218 Fronth. R V aa Duzer A Co., 1*8 BmaadiVt heeler eli U 11- VT AI.RJ.MJLC <-'l'H^loK TO AIX bTUttKS.lies.Comiplexion—Laird's LiqnidBeantifnlP e a r l h a s a c h i e v e d a c e l e b r i t y a s h a v i n g m. . e q u a l f o r b e a u u - frms aad preaervtng the akto- *38Broadway.rsKTr to Miss MaKisf MadDAias* OasaWAaaan, ah or thisX Y . 8.-SVPEBIOB UjnTBOB YOKB SHI farSMA JkJm jo order, by PEAJBdM, from uadon. fad *jgt 82*. Gal Cp town Shirt, Bonery Mat1 d^y^son^e^fG^eoirgeWs-Fa^ni*hatsoTaattoms^ama! Baltantloa.ohly" ^ X vt &bb>' Ferry, on aatorday mominx, July•kharaaavrm BaJrrOx. aied 37 years and » monthsT>^> fnenda and reiatwia of the faotoly are reapsetfolly kivttosts the funeral, to take ptaoe that (Sunday) sftor-PATEET BWSEEBMTT(X8.BIf-ij.wd. is no new doe' atavnat alithings are bv the law purged wtth Wood. —Beh.tx., $2. Qenesia.ii., 6, wetre prohiba>d from »'*ddiag thebawd of asanTttto reason given, "for in the image •<» Osd madebemad" The deepeat poaijhiaent for ahadassg maavd blood,was death. The blood U put for the life, and h i e for the invited to attend the funeral, from hto tote ret _ blood.—Lev. xvu.. 14. The! whole Mosaic ritual al ounded wtthUie furarativa mesas of purgtag away ain, WBK-H « •astbeldood ot bulla, goals, heifers, 4c. Rut these never had t he eflV't offavor of the doetrine of purgaiwn, for w e are taught H t o betrue ia the moat direct aad positive terms. Only let the dis-covery be made of the remady that the Creator haa s tored inabundance i i the roots and herbs of the vegetable woi id. andthe conaeqiassses a r e health and prolonged l i f e When ' a m edieuie to its results appnaw^hes thai remedy, the c h a c e iaclear, the dntv plain, and until a better medicine ta diaoo versd,your aula uauk stand pre eminent i s the healing art. \ Tmrn, first street, betweee Ninth sad Tenth siauuas, this (Sacday)afterseon,*toneo'ci>sk without further mvitasios TSOWAH.—OnFridsy,JuirS7.afteralingerhgiCneas.eighth street, andGo t o v a n street, sad look at at fifty cents each.by all dealers, Price 25Aceut - per box.II fL 1irThe corner atone of the Catholic church to be erectedmWarrenton, Y a., was laid on Monday tost, the ceremonies being conducted by the Right Rev. John McGill,Bishop of Richmond, assisted by Rev. Dr. iMcOaffrey and faha. WHITE, hattor. m 8 Broadway, opposite 8U Paul's o'clock. rThe friends of Dr. V . 3 i , h n brethren*f President of St. Mary's College, near Emmittsburg. Md., church. Synod of New Jersey s a d the clergy of the vartcaa deOf THE C5ITir STXTJB.Rev. E. Millar and J. E. Bryan, of Centreville, bavepublished an address to the members of the MethodistEpiscopal church of Wueen Anne s county. Md., in whichthey declare that the General Conference of the Charch,at its recent session in Buffalo, bad no right to asake Photograpaed, for the stereoscope instantaneously d unrig eradeate all traeas of dieeaae. It aaa a s takes by tta wesfcestslaveholdmg a sic thatbyso doingtheconstitutionof theiriaspecuoainBondstreet. CopiesarenowreadyJ^GUBKBY A SOW, 707 Broadway.natural andpnuing up Gia nader m y tirade Saark, Seaisdasa Ar-Bcouapaa, aeatoaam Sahaapsa aad. Aroaaaiacleoavwsaaaof taekuil nmtm- ties will be taaakfufiy received Iby t'DOLFHO WOIaaCaMaxosscs.1—t-inFt Bcssom, to the 4UThe f'inera! th'irch,Hammond ( t a s t o y ) aCaWMSSM apd' frieada of the* farther myitsttoaBaowx —Oa Sawrday, Jary SB. at half-past one o'clock P. M..CosKSAK H. Baowx, ia the 57th year of htoag*.EJS rriea)ds are respeetfoily invited to attend the funo-ml. oa hhmday moraisg at ten o'clock, firms hto toke L> 88ato Piamiuse FwjaSy ftoai, •»..RsHia-r.—In Mew York, anwnjBra, tots of OhSi.3d year of hto age.The funeral services will be bald m the_, to wSaawSdoaai. ttw best m i c cordial in the world. T a asaaa wao mri —sTo may fnanaeuefal detality w e wrald rwiiiimaail s a u a , Sw wstos it ia pleaeaat to the taste, it • aiaangthssaSg to the ayaton^sad,stomach, while tnose mgood haeiiiawal atoncefeetSsas hilaratint power. W e are r.yaideab thai after naageneOat- Ue of this Cordial none will be far a-toy without it. Depot i s hAcards. 382 Broadway, corner of Dais ae strataT WHOLESALE- 8BGARS YERY CHZAP CASA*ABRY ANT'S UNRIV ALLED STOMACH BITYRBSThe 00ly '.rnly 1 tea Bugs, Motto.'''^^^^SStwm^of leather, assh sa boots, hariu s invited to aUsad without Urt parlor aad eator furassrs A t the*,TMOSUSCox,D. D • fads* H «a»w#alreadyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069IIasawI dja*-•*•#www.fultonhistory.com 