 'spirationunmerited,t>fg|)e TXm^Satk toitt0, tochtegbog, tfclober 8, M6t-mW-trtlhtil IB the Tms BaOdlBC. ftoatlBK Ik* Otjburial;nothing Indicative o/Ufe,""'ll^^O^WASHmO- the n^JLiUaKa DutchmanaThere andnoonepresent,eitherofthe orfrieads, familyOtaruk,tk* nCW-TOBXmm(DaOr) il pabllamd ernrtaken suddenlyTheStockMarketwasmuchagitatedandthrown headofthea sudden down backinprices yesterdayby break.WBDNXSDAT,OCTOBERS, 18M.cooperation, orsecret,, openhand-organ.fortime had guidedOD rurk-rait, Bmwaaad Naasaiti.iffoceedBoose. ThereiiinlfffennaawttdCtaiallad8ixDamaaaj«ar.Ik» MXW-TOKX mots (8«al-Weekl7>—TH>n Dol- UMaywc; two coglw to «Baaddi«M for I^« "<"'''oflove, put Fbanois;bagged" them/ all and steadilyplaying,weunderstand,inasucc3ssfulengagementthecasewithregardtoanyoUmt£^no nW-TOBKTDIXS nreekly)-r*o IJ?*""* "•of 4 peraction of the Directors against the October Divi- KAKD of Tuscany, back on their lost thrones, ney was exhausted that the Georgian quit the dend. The Stock closed ; New-York Central,new comedy, called " Playing with Fire," producedpart of his suite, will sojoom St the White Honss, aat others of them with Lord Lvon.THE PRINCE WILL DANCE IN BOSTON. BosTos,Tuesday,Oct1.t^m^ti 'tm *•»!« to on. addrt.. for T.» »•'"^ 7toon..adr-.forTw«TMTDoua«.: Erie, 40{. The final74A}llure of the Artisans' and once more all should go in Italy at the game. He ha|d pluck to the end, but finaUylast was not a suc-IM^to ••«tto(tegymaa ^e •*«• ""'•^"SffjSSMIApected. Money on accoantofthefor most kinds of Flour, Winter Wheat and Corn, but lesi activityhand-organ.thus,The Duke of Newcastle has writtenthat Lord Essrasv wiu attend the baUIn hisTheiolra ew- *«I^ ':'!r/L^ai>MtoMiheavymovement ofMayor LisoeLS honoratT«U tmM. W*w-Yort CUir.".at lo"-' =»»» ""* Bp«oim«>very producefromthispott.exportGabibaldi a£i Yictob Emahuxl have scat-the .Drama. We are aware tlist this is high pndse, but It is merited. Do not the roars of laughter echo inj_amMOMW iMo BraalM- ACAMWT OF MUSIO—LATatTiATA.BBUrSQABDBli—KtHUT.J^OBA KBCMXV THKATKK tnim AlOOI.VmiS OABDBT-rAilo.VAIAACm THSATBE—PuTisa wira Fni.general swindling nuisance in to let the patrons of Wallack's, who In this Instance wllfbe nearly all the tbeatre-goiog population of theBOWXBT THXATBK—Mosi la Ciiiioaw*—Mr Cousin TOM-rOTLA>AaA]l iHD Mil FilaiM.Jrtnr BOWKBT TBSArB&-Oc*iS o» Lin-TBi Cap-galvanized watches, opens den alTectlon. But beyond this, and yet artfully inter- on the parade. The line of march will be up Broad-liw'iNotA-Mm—WAaiocto»tkbGlis.past Acrowdedhouse testifiedtheirapprobationofto bring to an end the temporal power of the coming the deliverer of Italy are echoed by pulsive sight of his sneaking face, and the rat- these efiects and situations with such manlfestaUons the City Hall to Bond-street The Prince yiU pass^^ BABKTIFS iroSKUV—Aftemoaa and KTenlac—Jo-Boman Poatifi;sound of his Aidwoe to the un- bray.of as are seldom heard within the walls of delightlOtaAas OB BaiTHSiir. PALACVGABSENS—AMBBIOAKlanmnFin. OOUr k 0A]fPBILL>8, Nlblo^ Saloon—KimoruaOAMAIrSTBEET—Mcsae-Vinucx-t rm Uauut ooOnfAnrmiaa.rcalmly,theordersof Gen. !> LAkoaioiBBiforsup-"a theatre:ANEWS OF THE DAY.paralyzed Austria, nor Byzantine Russia. Protestantsolely Amongwill imdbrstand what the performance most haveto pablWo*prices;»tered all these dreams — mark with how ever sot*'Holders advanced theiryetclose and pittient a consideration for the Pon-persistentlythat of YiCTOS Emaxcel, who is now, years ago turned iiis baclc alilcc upon his prin-' 'descent on Peter Funk, whose .honest means throw slurs on the character of those who patronizevote owes its to the fact that of support are quite aa invisible as those of any them, and force our society to take the same tone as borhood.1b very deed, King of Italy. It is true ciples and his people, and fled in the disguiseThe present system of electing Judges byrival the celebrated Georgia gnlob, in the same neigh- in Europe, where no woman is safe from Insult even A new sliver lead has been discovered on the di-Uiat Borne, Yiterbo and Civita Yecchia have been of a to Gaeta, thus much diplomatic lackeypopularstrolling thief, and whose case might, there- In theguaranteed by France to the Sovereign Pontiff ; might" MfSSS^of"^ ful^t^^'dT^San'?.: North Italy.. They would unite their forces place, immediately sallied out in search of a foundation for It Ut In the Cut that a slight .motion of .lU-I^,o,aaHo«s,,sSwrS;SS,I±-'«^ -89| sound of the Bankwasarmonnced. Theeventiwasnotunex-andthewaveof theconcluded it was no usenight at Waluoe's, merelycess, but a triumph] so unequivocal as to deserve to Iw marked with a stone," accordiagaffairsnnaltered. Exchangelower, royalAnd"v^tsto the recommendation of Pllatus, in the liistory ofmade a speech of an hour and a half duration. The seven-hilled capital, should he follow the friends may assess, to obtain the place. Thebuilding was packed to its utmost capacity, while^ pourse upon which the Sacred College, as we action of the Mozart faction, which we report-urged, throughiiisInterestedto theevil, partlythatoumbers outside were unable to obtain admission. now leam, are him. No force of ed yesterday, altering the Tammany nomina- ised that the victim should have it for whatdisplaycattle, thorough4>red horses, and a more magnificent exhibition of agricultural Implements and machinery has never been seen at any previous exhibition of the Society. Everyavailable place in the Mechanics'At night there was a procession of the Wide- urging anyAwakes, who turned out from six to eight thousand kind, no injustice or wrong or excess now tions only by substituting the name of Judgeit was worth. The insult offered to the Court,deliveredbyMr.Siwaedat Lawrence, Kansas, will be found in our columnsthis morning.The arrangements for the great national demon-stration of Wide-Awakes in this City to-night have been carried out on a grand scale. The decora- tions, the fireworks, and the size of the procession, will render theHeis now RussellfortheRecordership,showsthat recoilingby asking it to become an agentin the swin-torches. Thespeechhimto from his friendsthey bretliren of can fortify himself the Wigwam to bring the judiciary into utter while both branches ofdisplayThe is filled with Cityan exceedingly novel one.PiTTSBtJaoH, Tuesday, Oct. 2.From early dawn till 11 o'clock vast crowds of are very favorable indeed. The rain of yesterdaypeople have gathered here to witness it.painted oftheRemanCatholiccom- savageforaSfeatonthethroneofFrance.pettyThe Young Men's Bepublican Union were fa-vored last evening with addresses on the leadingpolitical questions of the day, from Hon. SenatorWiLSOK", of Massachusetts, and Hon. Mr. Buscn,Lieutenant-Governor of Iowa. The meeting atwhich those gentlemen spoke took place at the Cooper Institute and was largely attended.A State Convention was held yesterday by theSave in their strictly spiritual character aspeoplesunoimded the steps of the Monongaheia Interfered materially with operations. Should theTammany Congressional The royal proclaniatictn, under which the ^ Convention, lait evening, nominated BEifjAMm army of Victob Emanuel entered the PapalDelegations are coming from all the neighbor- ingWAflalra la Boston.TEE BLAVE-BABK OBION CASES—rOBIION MISSIOMThe Thir^.pistrict,w COD the Mozart Hall Democrats also gave him ;the domination in place of B. P. Comfton, resign-The appearance of his Highness upon the hotel will take will be seen steps was the signal for the most tumultous uproari-ousness. All manner of salutations were made—all ond the effect ofthe kinds of enthusiasm displayed, and great respected. The Fourth nominated James Kebsiqan solemn indictment of the Papacy. It offered ;That Judge Bonnet is eminentlythe Seventh, Elijah Wabo Bbadtobd.the Eighth, B. B.and which Lamobiciebe, and AsTONELLi, and Austria, had left to himAboot evening,citizens of the Eighteenth Ward, last formed a new National Union League, op-thus illuminated will be brilliant and effective.abounded, ^The Prince bowed, the soldiers cleared a passage, the crowd cheered, the horses started, and a rush was made for ths Square, where a procession was to be formed. The sun then came out, and a p^wession, preceded by a Brass Band and the CityGuard, was organizedtwo mortal hours, it wound through thej crooked streets of Pittsburgh. Everybody waslout and allday moniingedJudge and;Pope,Thomas MosOAa, late master of the slave-bark Orion,pleaded guilty. His sentence was pos^wned. Moa-OAiT was not Indicted imder the act which In- Piracyvolves capital punishment, but is only subject to fine andimprisonment BraosCaAicsxaLAiH,mateofthe Oriim, pleaded not guilty, and bis trial has com- menced.fortyto the election of Lincols and Haxlix. ofnohas had any means of observing how well hisof theimmense procession highlyThe Prince of Wales received a warm welcome at Ote hands of the people of I^ttsbnrgh. Tester-brief meritedoccupancy for himahe held a levee, at which a shnrt ad-;andslowly,forthe spaceofLargeclergymen,dress was presented, and replied to in suitableyearsterms Lord Ltohs. A was after-by processionwards formed, which escorted the Eoyal partyliminary duties of a Presidential canvass. It were pleased with the Prince, who bowed and the exercises on the occasion are to be of expectedseveral thousand persons had assembled at the warning,ent Recorder. To his previonsly well culti- bers are men of character and youngd£pM, and bid him farewell with three cheers. Tbe Boyal party did not reach Harrisburgh until a latehourlastniglit.Advices to the 24th of September are receivedfrom Denver in the Pike's Peak The City, region.permitted to read in unmistakable cliaracters.go no further back than the peace of.fourCongress at the Tuileries, bade the King ofenergy, -"Thewtiole party expressedagreeablycity,has since extendedtoeverysection of theunusual Interest ^^__^__Tke ABOrieaa Bmird of nflsataas. BosTolc, Tuesday, Oct i.The !Fiftieth Annual Meetmg ot the Americanto order in TremontRev. Dr. Hor-citizens of Denver on the 23d had met in Mass Naples, and through him \iie Papal Govern-taught to regardmilitary force,Superintendentper-Convention and established a Provisional Govern- ment, the officers of which were to be elected onment, beware 'of the work which they were— the 29thNothing could be more unfounded or absurd. Their purposes areserved.TheBoardto which especially since the opposing po^forthechoiceof Selectmrai.adjournmentpolitical motives,the ground ofpurpose ol *bevariousappointingInspectorsthey aspire litical factionsceived.Wilingdoing.of theanhourofmaturingrevolution. TheKingof Naples relied on his soldiers and his treasury,wereand political. But it can- rooms at the Monongaheia. The courier did not ar-the customary repast was ing^on;of Snperrlsora met yesterdayfor theand outbreakofallItalyintoanewlife onthebat-positionsfor polling districts. All the Wards but four;to foresee itsthe respectable portion of even their own fate. The people are not anxious for a result BalUmore, at which point they may be compelled to Ai^„i^ ^v,"'.!,"^,*""* ">f°"8h with m order to comply with the letter of the law. Two commn-the mightyassociation of arms with aqualificationparty.To-morrow the party proceeds to Washington, via* """'«' °f 'he with re- ?^-?„ .h?r Board,kindlingand glorious people then thethe men in°' ^-« '«- cewSd a^ refe';?T'"'TM"' ^,'=->^^'The steamshipifMr. hispartnerintheopeningquadrilleattheNew-York ontheroutebetwe^e-n«N/e«wS-Orrlesns^>^» ^^-ofBegistry.I^'J^Z^r, took^P-^l'^- o^l^ons,news con-They were told then that every hourupon Southern rights.to serve six months.tinned encouraging. A new silver lead is reported to have been discovered between the Arkansas and thePlatterivers,theorefromwhichrich.Treasurer's statement showed that he had received$4W,(K)0 during this year, with which, besides Cardinals relied on the intricacies of their hier- Iandhad over $1,400 left in the Treasury. Theto the reports read by the Roman Catholic State and theirmissions, aocoidteg fancied control over the Secretary, are generally prosperous.those evils as much asthe following card in one of the City journals::flrsm Altaay,was held at their Library rooms last the fool of themovements, butturned out this DIsubjectsIthey may by against whose appoint- ment, under any system, they could have no objection. Thatthepublicgenerallywilltake this view of the matter, we feel assured. Andcompelsflight.dle, was pocketed by the Justice, and the thief at Doingsonlyand liis position afresh in the fast-failing re- spectofmankind. In desertingRoEiebefore the advancing justice of Italy, the Pope de-from abroad, who serts Rome forever.andsympathy cooperationvictimneither the money of which he had been robbed, nor even a watch in return therefor. The correct administration of justice in Courts is a matter of great importance, affecting as it does chiefly the interests of the to whom the law is bound to afford But until the appointment to tlie Bench is taken fromFrocesalon— Special Dispatchcourse ofThe first Fall meeting of the New-York Histori- Roman Catholic Power. They went on likemitigatevotingNew-York Hews Daily£!S!°V^Pu'ii" ^^"''"i l^en prearranged, and the spiring voice of a great sovereign, and in and .will losethem the vote of allmovement,it would bevery easyofficers.can town ^     """n::"'«ir=v.oct.pingT •^i'°!^?Sr.°i;f*.l "a" '''"«d yesterday by confusion or disorder, of the—A Losing Game. A Southern exchange,card willpower. Mr.Butteewoeth's proba-concerningball have caused a large amount of merriment. The She wiU leave the former city i.^^'Oeet'0'J^'°f^\S''V^^<ne Coin, requiring »he Artisans' Bank to show cause why their busi-onelikeit,ithonored custom is for the Mayor to present the gue.-it to his wile, daughter or near relation, and for the guest to request the pleasure of her band during tlie dance. This the party e.tpect will be done In IhLs case.)5th of October, and thereafter roontW*- trips, sailing on the 1st anddesperateadopted'^R^^'sMission., wascalevening. Besolutionsrelativetothevisitofthe andPrince of Wales to this country were offered foradoption by the Executive Committee, papers were and all their dependents, impoverishing the we couiit with read,andthepresentationofmanycuriousand Churchinallthatmakesitseternalandendur-valuable documents to the Society took place.AfterSocietytotyranny tyranny,themselvesjointand;was discharged, without even being compelledfrom themen whosewillingthan theirFlttsbnrgh—liail isoccupied bysomeresult ofpractical Americanpresiding bishopsmunion throughout the world, neither PiusIX. nor his successors can ever hope to re-enter the Eternal City, if he who now wearsthe triple crown shall quit its gates for a adverted, we recommend a perusal of Judgepoor,equal protectionHouse. The chlily rain produced no apparenteffectweather be favorable the balance of the week, the attendanceofvisitorswillundoubtedlybeverylarge. Gov. MoaoAM and Hon. AirsoN BcaLiNeAMS are ex- pected here to-morrow forenoon. At 2 o'clock to- morrowtheArabianhorsesofGov.SxwAxnwillbeanyin Austria or in rather than dis- Edmond's letter, declining the Republican Spain,complicityDemocratic Party of the State." Besolutions were Marches into rebellion, and compelled the in- position most desirable to- the public. If fur-with the rich.and without Intermission they CQntiniied vociferously"hadworkin-doors. Hardlyhadhedisposedofliisrefugeavow hismeasures were taken to " organize as the regular crimes which have driven Umbria and the grounds which render his services in theAgrieaRaralof Meune, at Bangor, at which a full Electoral ticket was nominated, andBreckinridge Democracyin the cruelties and nomination for City Recorder, on the veryits being readadopted indorsing Mr. Bccbanan's Administra- ther efforts totion, repudiating Squatter Sovereignty, etc. After tervention of Italian armies to suppress thethe business was concluded, a mass Convention excesses of a foreign and mercenary horde, nomination fail, it is earnestly to be hoped waa held, which was addressed by Hon. Caleb under the keys of St. Peter.CdshinginoppositiontothedoctrinesofDouolas. fightingThe Michigan State Agricultural|Fair commenced here to-day, and wlli continue four days. Very exten- sive and complete arrangements have been made fbr the accommodation of exhibitors and visitors. Mr.dominions, will remain forever as the lastparade^into the respectful,in thelanguage equally touching only hopein the heart of regenerated Italy. It reminded bim that in his name the sacred love of country had been branded as worse than Islamism, and it adjured him, for Italy and for the Church, to rest ovi Italy and rule the world, instead of resting on the world to which were oppress Italy. Though the most urgent, thisfirst ranks of the Bar,one can doubt whoreigningthronefa the streets of thecrowded with citizens and strangers. At the hour proclamation is not by any means the firstpoeediti. Jambs W. Obrakd was elected President.The organizationwith which the Wide-Awake has been completed is very re-policy they hadwasThe Royal Partyquitenearlosing theirwere read by the Secretary concerning which are generaUy pr»«PeTM'»-every Scriptures, adding tax to taxToIkeEditoro/lheIt having been represented that the Administrationand the Federal officers are opposed to the Union attempted ElectoralTicketInthisState,Ideemitpropertosavwealth.After the Congress of Paris came theYours, truly, SiPT. 28, 1680.inpoliticalfor those menfrom alltheir eminent fitness for theinstances oif Englandwere supplied with Inspectors, the names of the tle fields of Magenta and Solferino, at the in- Judicial office men whose lack of character^Tuscan, Modenese,Parmesan whoon the Cashier at about 11 A. M. It i, returnable to throw themselves athwart the unanimous though.nessshouldnotbeclosed. Theorderwas servedsecessionof the Italian race. All these were interid to play it out. Pluck is always com-Another session ofTerm of the Supreme Court, held by Justicethe roundsthe judgment to he entered in the cause. The case was, at the close of the day, post-Ation.hisiulerment. Wehavereceivedv.-l! uut-saiiu.i'.i; ='JOUt 11o'clock.the Specialmovementof the papers staling that a Mr. Powell, who diedHOWARD.The Sailingin vaininvain the offer of theleadershipmendable, but in this instance persistence inenrichingthat' I know that the AdministraUon desires the suc- officerinthisCitywillgiveitanearnestsupport.uponcar,fairly overwhelmed it The Prince,*""4 S't*°ov^loSrt^of France then the ;If it shouldcome to beun- that theright Harrisburgh,ofwayThe tovni meetingstop- down, one after another, as by some in- ward invisible force without bloodshed, orin behalf of the—petty princes speaking Southern States,Lincoln's election,of the canvass which shall gratifyover an hour.The remarks of the New-York papers,;staygard as the aoAItious asplrattons of and who, on arrlviiig at a Iforthern watering credit, gtviag lbs nuMr a flat ooDtradlcttoi?- Theoaljr rived here at >:40tilb attmZZ. iilTwith thoseone of the eyelids was detected not long beW"* ths_.^- '\""l«'»oi«hsta-.Hwof tion ana with theAt theTHE PHmCE-gCass, in behalf of the riesldeatwas discernible. Provisionsdealt in, as weHops, Metals, Tobacco, Whisky, Candles and Tal-low. Besin, Spirits Turpentine, Hides, Codfish, ble of saving in Italy. They turn their armsMackerel and Tobacco were in good request. The first against Naples, trusting that the (all of any other, changes in other branches of trade were not im-portantfill of the curtala, more thoroughly satisfied with theirwere ^re likewise Groceries, Cotton.who had them and theirs under the ban putTheFallofthePapacr.The detail* which now reach—falls falls like a house of cards, so suddenlyauctions. Unlike other skulk swindlers whoCouncil will takeM.at Castleto warrant the belief thatdirecUy in the most respectable business partwoven with It, are a series of the mostway and Chatham-street to the City Hall, ipchere thswill be called upon to rerere in Yictob Emavuel.*7th, only to be invited on the 8th by to take up his abode in the Qoirinalad- that have been witnessed in a new comedy for many yearsenoughhistoryIX.and theamusing contreUmptus,pairhoabands and a of pairlie at the basewi"ves,moderately tiff,MILITABT ABBAlrOnfKHTa TOB HISHay,far Iromof thealone are nownight's eqjoyment tThe men arrangemagic,Gen. Di Lamobioiebb by the Sardinians under than of arma, and what is the result in Rome? CiAism, are still explicit and^ intelligible The King Of Naples quits his capital on thePeter typifies the dangerous mode of resort whereby theyKingofItaly,theprinceappointed ofHeaven joyousshoutsofthe Neapolitan people wel-rictoriously, and withthatdignityofunsulliedjusticewhichbecomes pressinginstantlybytheswordeverysytnp-"tlinginitiatedwho ventures across the threshold, even if LiSTiaChurch,whichtheycapa-To describe the plot would be almost to write theare even moreand lasting contemptEnchnsiasm of his Re-ception by the People—A liCTee and a ingenuity and entemrlse. The Floral hall is tjeanti-theunite infor aseatonthe.Naples, and ander the protec-rpniettetable.first comer he foundbut it provedto bem Washissms, Tuesdav cvh <tamingl^LTr Jn w?SSt In the Ck«rt of General Bes- had but one answer to make, ^ey set was a " wheel," sore enough, and it was re- doubted the reality of Mr. P.'s death. The circula-SSTuieoSy^ofintere.tw«th.tof.CHA«L« about aBaron Burratw wiU bestation to-moiTow aftsmodn by Seoetw,C?^, charged with obtaining tMinM ingenionsreac- against what they chose to re-thatobject of his search, he Uid down areport desl offrom Mr. Jon P. from Mame. After the ease the Boiorder Babmabd wasconsolidatingleague ofvolving. him to theThinking^Z^ Theae.^ ^rr^nnW. uiSer &l»e preteneg. GiLMAJfagenUemanhad goio to jury,tiongoodofall thethebox.ill, and Judge Bussellwss sent they would crush Sardinia back into her older eted the stake and ground away. The Wallack'8 Theatbb.—Mr. Johh Bbouoham,reactionary influences of Europe,suitewill no formalas would beofcomplete thon^ they are, of the defeat of that the event seems the work of rather about the by-ways and lanes of the town, of its construction^aceCJfrden, aboot1;partySupreme Bench, a man whose qualifications as little fit him for the post, as the education of a life in the wilderness would fit anominatingto the New-York Times.furthercommentonthemeritsofIfthe elective system were needed than is found in the nominations to which we haveprevail upon;theysmiledtogpther,that in supplying his place, the same regard may be had to moral and intellectual qualifi- cations which has prevailed in the selection of the other judicial candidates of the Repub- licans.picturesque sights ever seen in this City. who wore sir medals, and wanted to kiss the Prince's Thursday.qualified by his learning and integrity to re-tain the to which he has been ele- positionvated by Executive appointment, from thein another column. Each man of the whole number carries a torch,IntheUnited States DistrictCourt to-day,has learn- man. Nor will Mr. Sdowick, the Bepublican candi- date for City Judge, suffer more by compari- son with his competitor for the office thanof his departure for Harrisburgh, a crowd of which the Roman PontiflT has been Judge BoRHXT, when compared with the pres- Northern and Northwestern States. Its mem- liMum.To ParisSedgwickhasaddedtheadvantageofhaving made himself well acquainted with criminal law, by an active experience in the capacityof Assistant District-Attorney.The election of such men as those to whomwe have last referred alone can save the Bench from that contempt into which it is threatenedwhile those who lament the evils that haveBoardofMissionswascalledwhich we have entered. The South has been and buildings. The Prince sent for Mr. Bsadlit, the Temple at 4 o'clock this afternoon, by;years ago Europeassembled inutacturles,andthegeneral appearancepeopleto be brought. They should certainly receive the support of those who favor the electivethoroughly pacificnot be denied that, in case of emergency, theywould'^format to an n^ht;marching salute.him to the accepthalf of the Princeevening will be one of the most striking and and the Prince gave audience to an old British soldier Cassics M. Clat will deliver the Annual Address onthe Benchtitle of an honestIt had itsP^sof the and City,ventures, and stratagems, efuivoipuMtroops wUl pas* in review before theanddollarbillof Dutchman"The Dutchman pock-totheWhiterooapdoB either at the staUonor anlL^upon•ata«Hid«T«BiB*-Piln Two Onras, Hrrad at UX for to take the verdict, which was " OuUty." limits, recover the Romagna by force for the Georgian laid down another and another the the tinlversal favorite of the public. Is now in London, the dedgn being to receive aad entertain theBaSreligionWe will send across gulabed foreigner who came to psy Ms respects tocent, on Bock Island caused the Modena, and Robebt of Parma, and Febdi- turned his crank. It was only when his mo- shares, byattheHaymarketTheatre.the water, a few hearty wordsofhim, congrstulaaon.the His Cldef Magistrate of this eonntry. The Bana, «itkpriestlybell, sceptre.the the game which secessionists propose to play—let them play itThe A^iual Sermonfiftieth annual meeting at Boston, yesterday. The face of those who gaveit. The Pope and his system, lest that system fall into disgrace; unteer force for any service thot might be re- bones that the Prince would come to their house, and ::i-.-^;i^;fd::;gr^^^The American Board of Missions commenced itsand flung back the advice of Europe into thethe nucleus of an admirable vol-had it not been that the proprietors felt it In their reserved rooms without orders, the puty would have.other obligstioov he had canceled a debt of |G6,000,abandoning the former plan of—A Blow at the Fusion Movement. We findlodgingsentertained Boston.Tlsltlnf Flremea Philadslthia,assays veryrive at Pittsburgh until 3 o'clock in the afternoon, andpreachedarchical connection with theof every consequentbeingresulted fromExecutive appointment, should endeavor toelsewhere.here a. guest, .Tuesday, Oct. Z.of thi^city D^ Tompkins-" "^thethe Republican candidates for the Bench, asidet.^-" '^rJT'r^^oJJ^r^ventured says,thatintheeventofP*;'''1TM5tTMh^o'f"e,ve'r^ythis day at 10. ,ment of the form of the Judge's findings of fiict and Presidency of the new Italian confedera- playing a losing game may only bring the un- and that flgns cf life were discovered just previous toIhgkabah, was devoted yesterday to the iseltle- lately at Farmingdale, L. I., was prematurely burled,and and of law,fortunate result that attended a who Georgianletters from mem- bers of Ills family and other persons, worthy of entireARRIVAL AT ALTOONA, Altooka, Penn., Tuesday, Oct. 2.The special train with the Prince of Wales ar-The steamship Europa's mormn^g",^^but"'s„h*S o'clock Vo-nrorrow (Wednesday);To all these warnings the rulers of Rome had heard of a gambling game called roulette.Untitled Documentcertainty uponelectionhave input nomination for thevast concourse of people followed It as far as theyAdministration desires the success of the could conveniently, exchanging for wavings of the rw°e'itttbrtr.^"::^i->>-«-'^--"-Prince's hat, their heartiest cheers.beamay losing game, they—CoRKECTiON. A paragraph is goingnionlh., oftheEnropa.Boston, Tuesday, uci. J. --'»Iftoincourageously, theySwindllBK Anetion Shops.there is one form in which more than inand cannot beat the Union.the BostonTheatre,October 18.theNew-York is disgusting ta the decent portionthe doing of so immeasurably important an tom ofact He must be dull of brain and cold of the Chu{ch. Who now shall aid a PowaT only gratify curiosityheart who can looli with undistart>ed compla- If he escapes from the den without being covery from his accldiht) Mrs. Host, Miss After entering the hotel, the Prince will take histhroughoutcency upon the extinction by cruel .and ques- suffering of mankind, and defied the clearestWallace,Davsktost, (Us first appearance since his re- street to the Fifth-avenue HoteLtionable means of any institutioa about which intimations of Providence? Notto unaccountable luck. good'.'Italianismthe States ofBlabs, Mr. Nosroir, Mr..play againstthe Bourbon might at last awaken the Vaticanfrom its sleep of another age, and make thePopestillpossibleinUberatedItaly. Naples victim,itiscertiunlytheinstitutionofmockculties,whichliavenorealextstenee,eatabglinga nthInstThereceptionbytheH^orsadCominoMofthecommunity,as well asto theCity,thedoor on its legitimate business, with the re-payinsultspublic passing hisPrinc^,member from the rural districts"willbecontinuedMr. A. H. then through Fourteenth or Seventeenth streets (It isacquabited with the merits of these artists ing the hotel, will go round Msdison-square andinjuriousThe parade of the First DlvisioD is ordered for thsnot dedded which) to the FUlh-avenue, and no that which has so recklessly abused the long- swindled or robbed, he may attribute the event Hast Gahnoh and Mrs. Yusov, All who are position in the balcony, and the Division, after pass-legislationB^tt* North American at Quebec, and the generations of men have thrown their mystic England and Prussia are a guarantee for the Albany last Winter, was one for the suppres- theh best, and did it.long antiquityand the reverence of manyCanada off Cape Bace, we are placed in possession but most real sanctity. Bom of fraud and abstinence of others, as well aa for their own. sion of this nuisance ; in spite of wMch, how- In dresses, scenery and other appointments, " Flay-ingwithFire"Is amagnificenttriumpti. Onlythatever, the number of mock auction stands onlecetTed of the late Sardinian victory near Ancona ments, the princely estate of the Boman personality in Rome, might possibly be driven, Broadway alone has been more than doubled rest of the season.of fhree later European news. The details force, and maintained by the same evil instru- France da^'as theare of the greatest interest. Gen. La&obiOURI Bishops has yet been no uni^itennittent foun- to the confusion of the world, and to her own since that time. This fact proves how utterlyof thewas the attacking partj, and his defeat was de- tain of ill to mankind. The world owes it unspeakable disgrace, into so untenable an at-cravealone,protectorPapalthe publicfor novelty. It ought to run for the A Wor^ for Matinees.ia excuse for conduct alike sobat Hia Holiness is said to b& preparing an alocn- nnpriestlyand sounprincely, that the revolution previously existing custom of executive ap- fore, fall within the provisions of even the va- git has aln ays been the boast of American women which assays very rich.tkm, in which he will declare his determination to withdraw &om Borne. This will, relieve the Em- peior Napouox fromhis {Tresent very embarrasa- log poaitioD, for as soon as the Pope leaves, thewhich these culprits are supposed to escape the hands of justice even when the victimsing the day time. Is the order of things to be changed,so that it wlU not be to thought respectable walk InCityAflatnt at tke State Capital. ALSUrr, Tuesday, Oct t.^honehtroopsmake complaint at the Mayor's Office. Theyare simply ordered to repay the money they comnumity of men spend their ume in commercial reason*tbat under the bungling and unsatisftictoiyister^a diaraissal. Austria is makfeg enormous have made him embrace it, and foritsthan both factions of a dominant a few days since, one of these swindlers was ooLOHmi ? Our country neighbors have always pat- celebrated Albany Burgess Corps, has declined a ronized the mutmie concert and opera equally reelection. SpaAsra, of the United Statesflinging military prqtarationa in Yenetia and on the shores their counsels undfer the wheels of a Bavarianclose,political party hasten to re&cue that depart-brought up on a charge of larceny preferred by with our own citizens, the hours in thea German laborer, who testified that having making it impossible for them to return the sameMaj.Army, and son- in-law of the late Gen. has Wobib,nie most stupendous political demonstrationgreat pontificate.candidates,refused to return any change at all, and even demanded a larger sum. The pris- oner produced in Court a watch, which he pre- tended was the one in question, and which he claimed was worth more than the ten dollarsWhat we said on this subject was intended rather inated Joan J. SLraexaLAits, Republican, for Cod-to put ladies who attend matineea on their guard, than gressso called.The Roman Triumvirate Of 1848,cialroom to doubt.which has resulted leaves littlebeofficial corruptionupon thewithout aWe have often adverted to the manner in cient to protect them from impertinence,' at least dur-pleadedstreetof Mazziki a mere saturnalia of of theat was community largeThree or four murderers are atso will leave also, and the Sardinians senseless and obstinate philosophers, falsely far at least as this City is concerned, the judi-in present jailwill occupy the Eternal City. The great danger tothe ultimate success of the revolution ajmears to liela the contest now going on between Gabibaldi that rational man well aand die Count oi Catod& The former has writ- ing, any might forgivetan le the King, peremptorily demanding the Uin- Pope for despising the counselors who would istration of criminal' law draw toward tinue their rascality. Special Sessions, to all the crowded houses that were attracted by Pio- Capt Sfxluiah, for many years naptaln of Oiewas a spectre at once so absnrd and so alarm-For no sooner does a term ofand in the admin- have stolen, and turned loose again to con- to respect themselves and ^elr poslnon. Would the sible.of the Adriatic, Imt she will not oppos^he revolu-tion mileas her Italian possessions are attacked. Envoy's post-chaise. The Republic of Haz- ment ih>m falling into decent hands, by nomi- That they will be attacked, no one who believes in ziNi was no fitting term to the secular ^tory nating for both places on the criminal bench Oaxibaldi can doubt of theeveningIt drove theat itself into an abdication, from which it was been amply demonstrated by his now expiringPope morally certain that he would revert to all hiseverJuown in the West took placeChicago, on the occasion of the reception of Gov.SewABB. The number who took part in it is vari-ouslyestimatedatfrom75,000to100,000. Depu- shouldberemoved.tations attended from all the surrounding towns.Mr. BsWABD was escorted to the Wigwam in Very different are the circumstances in the interests of his friends and his party," andprisonerWk. P. Bsattos, Republican, for County Treasurer, and Jomr Bill, Republican, for ths As- sembly Second Districtyesterdaywhich the National Convention was held, by a which thSof five hurfdred Lincoln Bangers, where heparty;oldas soon^ the externalpressuretoo to apparentrightsrequire experimental proof, by hisdeclarationthatifelectedhewill"servePopewill nowdepartfrom his that he is willing to pay whatever amount his he had received. With brazen effrontery he But it can do no barm to direct the attention of thoseThe weather is now fair and promising, and visitors are arriving in large numbers, TheFair groimos have been open to exhibitors to-day, and ths entriesarenearlyallmade, Afine ofbloodedofprofligacyto histhe few decent acts ofdismiss. ^^^^^^^New* firem the Pike's Peak Regira. QOBDOir THB MUBDKBEB—-A PBOVISIONAL OOT- '^BNMEKT rOBMII>—MIHIHG ATVAIBS.St.Josira,Tuesday,OctS.Denver City dates to the 24th of September arereceived. The Express brings only a little oVer tl,000 - in gold dust, but a much larger amount Is In tfw hasidsuseless are laws for the of the good protectionof theThe coach met an officer with Ooai>OR,Jhe mur-derer, 180 miles this side of Denver. It Is thoughtthat he will be taken from the officer before reachingttiat City and btmg.The citizens of Denver met in mass Cpnvention onthe 23d of September, and adopted a Provisional Gov- ernment, undier which (hey hope In future to enjoy aU the blessings that a good Goremment can afford.The election of officers fOr the ensuing six mfuxn. is to be held Sept. 29.Aorigin often cast a blotwhich he betrayed when he had lost the heart pointment. That the compliment paid by the to lead it, had become under the frantic in- supposed reform to the morals and integritysomewhich contains all that is left of the disorganized of the grand account was struck some the Emperor of the French a Bourbon. In thewhen bad men administer them.ciaiTO and complete. The General fled to Ancona,greatthoughtitude, were the leaders of Italy madmen, orAllow athe Nivr-YoKX Times mere thantheof indebtsandthe balancecommunity,a fewreader whowith wondrous zeal, ezistQQce, to take exception to the article on moti-;ladyvalues anyopinionlevies of the Pope. A large portion of Gen. ages since, it would have been no pleasantlaiKOKiciEBx's troops capitulated on the field of sight to see the modem inheritance of Juliusbattle, and the remnant in Ancona have no other U. and SrsTus Y. snatched from their suc- resolution the and his Cardinalsdifferent actual state of thequite beyond reasonable dotibt that, whateververycase,it iswould only touch on thatPope"cooiae left but to follow their example. Among cessor forever, by hands as ruthless as those take, their final settlement with Italy is at happened to be arrayed in patched or Having been a constant attendant since the nuiti-die priaonera t^en at Spoletto were siz hundred which smote down the ancient Papacy and hand, and must be made witfi none but them- seedy garb, on the pretence of sparing the neu were first Introduced In New-York for concerts,oftheIrishBrigade. Theeffectofthisbattleisto transfer the whole of the Boman terri-tory from the dominion of the Pope to centimes at Avignon. When Pius IX. twelvedelicatenervesofthe fromthe publicphiUiarmonierehearsalsandoperas,Ifeelitisanin- vasion against the rights of the female portion of so-bore itaway captivefor a fatalsojournofselves to assume its vast resiipnsibilities.Onr City Jadieiarr>shocking in the streets. Butmayfor urban wonders.atsince the who'.e PoliceIt isforce of theat one fell swoop, seized and impri-soned every man, woman and child who audlmce who support the maliniee.otheroplydajrs City,paperthe Court to takethewatchtoajewelertobeprized,andprom- guardagainstit,andpartlythatthoseresponsiblemarto disgorge his plunderthereceivingfor-fully decorated, and the display of fruit is large andfine. The trot between Flora and Patcktm Templefor a premium of $2,000 takes place to-morrow after- noon.less than will 25,000The route night. theyour streets to-JimlLEE.UosTOB, 'Tuesday, Oct a.quiredof them.rzens"-ofrapiditycounsel,they may be on their endeavor to work a reform.—[Ei>. Tiuxs.]9IOTE1HENT8 OF THE PRINCE.in Hartford, Conn., since, and aimed at nothing more than an efficient preparation for the pre-and others Interestediqarkable. some twooriginnumbers ofin missions, are hourly arriving, to participate in the Foreign Mission Jubilee which commences here to- morrow. The Jubilee will continue three days, andthemselvesvated talents and practice as a lawyer, Mr. earnest in their Republican convictions and surprised at the size of the city, the extent of Its man-enthusiasticin thecanvasson pro.'ecutingofitsand sonally presented him with a valuable gold pencil,containing a knife, pen and toothplcicthem as araised and trained for purposes of aggressionof the ChicbmatiRailway,;DepartureHarrisbargh*tion of thenaturally occasions the relatives a snnoysace.^met atour earsyetWas ever audience dismissed, at theTHE FftlNCE OF WALES IN ^ IfBW-'TOEK.lsfor theKBCEmOM. miUtary parade in honor play. It cannot be wisely attempted, and we prefer boufthtehePrhionucre of Wales were yesterday completed, all therefor, wtdch caonot be known tmtil Gen. SAiroBD receives latelllynce from WsaUng-The Princewe must expect to see such disgraceful ex- coffee before he was tx>red by a deputation. A Judge shown upon the grounds.the hands of rowdy politiciansandblacklegs,hibitions of pandering to crime as that we hove recorded above.The Wide-Awake Parade.The Wide-Awake torchlight procession thishad prepared a long address, but the Duke objected towhereupon the unbaffled Committee- man produced a shorter one, which the Prince coa- sentcd to hear. Lord LtONS briefly responded on be-after whichMicUganStateFair. DxTsoiT, Tuesday, Oct 2.hand. ThePrince'shandcontained townsandcities,anditisprobablethatnot theveterandeparted.$25,withwhichtheof cess of that ticket, and I believe that every Federal who Is becoming use 1 to American crowds, was notS. F. BUTTER>VORTH. This is the heaviest blow Fusion has re-generally derstood, and thoroughly believed,cost the Fusion a thousand votes— :blyCollector Schell will issue just will fall off at least 2,000 more.'rt*^,^,TMto cry,!the Prince I" But the Prince;andresolveItforthemselves. Itmayton. , )evolve itbe tufflctent to say that supposed matrimonial diffi-;and tliat th^ with Fire" PlayingO'clock,Funk, with even more brass in his face endeavor to test each other's and of and it is expected that Aill a(x thousand men will be than in iiis his fidelity sinceritylittle about the acting. The cast embraced Ur.toap Broadway Union-place, sadbeen when we say that they exerted themselves to doTo till Editor of the Nevn-Yorlc Timet:passengers.neesInpart which endeavors to censure the character of theMonday'sissue. Iexhibition ofwho ever heard of the police volunteering a mate and high-toned amusements, by endeavoring to waters of the Blue River. The said gulch bids &ir tovagrancyciety In our Cityto wish todeprivethem of theselegiti-interests, and^whose wives and daughters are taught law passed last Winter conviction would be Impos- judicial imbecility injustice At the writer of the arUcle named apply the same remarksthe of one of whom has incapacitynight. If they wish to hear opera It must be during been elected a member of the corps, in order to ten- bid off a watch for two dollars and given the the day. Do you wish to deprive them, through pub- der him the position of c^taln.auctioneer a ten-dollar bill in payment, the lic opiiilon, of this pleasure? A MOTHER. The Anti-Rent Convention, held here to-day, nraa-judicial career, while that of the other is madetowould be,gentleman accompanies her. viding ridge between the Arkansas and Platte Rivers, grant act. that their independence and self-respect was all suffi-the streets without a brother, father or husband ac-companies his lady relaUves? It is simply absurd to here, chargedthink of such a proposition in a where the whole to-day, declined to try any of these cabes, giving as adissuade them from such attendance. Itabsurd to urge persons not to visit any place of amuse- ment, or public meeting, which Is frequented hjr peo pie of doubtful morality. No such surveillance can^nor should it bepo.ssibly be exercised— attempted.Elvika. Oct 2. Tuesday,smllM, and accepted bouquets, and threw kisses adbeen compelled to seekAt the d^pM this noon there w"as an assemblagenumbering at least ten thousand people, who had col- lectedbeforethePrince'scoming. Alineofsoldiersft ointhepeople and,waved his hat high above his head. Finally, at a littlepastone,thetrain, whichhadtheon the whole road, started for while theleast aimoyed,laughed and lx>wed tobut responsetothe three rousing cheers,T^^^SSS.P.The Division wlli be formed in Use on the Battery,him the honor of a TheDivisionwillthenformaline extending frsnup the line, which vrlll be at presented arms, to the head of ttae'Dlvidon, after which the line of marchchunk of gold weighing $191 is reported to have been teJten from the American gtilcb on the headwith brutal murders.Judge Gtosu,The State Fair at Elmlra.•The for a exhibitioB prospects highly-successful_the Treasurers Reportwas read, acknowledging ti29,OO0 r^eived^ceUng the debt of »«6,000, and leaving over •1,400 In thetheBiKB, PresidentAfter prayer and singing,,.»^rs!f^^Xt?-='rMore than half the Fire Departmentwhen thethrough EngineCompaneyv,eo^fiA^lb^acnye,lve'yto restrain theirPrince appeared they broke the.llne. rushed n-TlU he c^- HoseCompany. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 