 6NEW YORK HERALD, THCTRSDAY,M A Y 10, 1860.-TRIPLESHEET.NEW YORK HERALD.quartercentperpoundlower. Thereceipt*were, 3,689beefcattle,lidcows,1,195realcakes,6,254 sheep and lamb*, and 6400 swine.Thefirmnessof holders of cotton yesterday Unfed toTBoJap«aeseKmkassr. OnFriday lasttheRoanoke, withthe Ja-panese Embassy oi hoard, wasspoken offCarytfort Light, on tbe Florida coa«t, and atTroublesofftheVrsetSoelety—That Tor- itble Little Rigger xarns vy A»lt«-withregardtotbeabolitionpress. Liketbe# & • B S J S O R O O I n n i ANDvma *. w.»•»*/As oar readers are all very well aware, therenary contributions.suw«. •HiW SUWKKT, Bowery.-flimr BIASS—BaosxB Doa ( I T - d O W 3 VuiIB L'SCXX.with Japan would be as restricted to-day as character. It if expressed in a pathetic ballad people have become a little disgusted, while the eye, which says, "I mean no such thing.-* g , they were in Golownins time. What other go- should learc to regulate his cotmtaasnos more strtctV awB • • * • * * •Washingtonpapers,thenegroeress,Wrtand OrBBSl COBBeratms by Judge BroBBOH. simple,couldnotlive adaywithout eieemdty*raws FROE wwanai fcfcrtitiflf, Ihteiligette Umpifag torB.'tnu*s *MtaiOAB BU81CM. »roed«e?.—Day fentativeo of large popular majorities; but, in ktd K»ea»ir - Hor Pwssas—Dot— Uriao Coaiesmss, Ac. fact, by so doing, they turned the discussion ofBRTAHTtCWlBSTBILB.Veebaalot'HaU,471Broadway.- platform and nomination over to the peoplepay us the compliment of sending an embassyAfrican Servant," where a verse in the original anti-slavery question has partially dls- irg the opposition cf the Senators and members of B e House to Seward's nomination, he will probably be B oB c i j . i M i r f , t o n e s , DAMCXS, AC—BAKAGKKS IX TKOUBUI.and the aspiring politicians. The moment the that has ever been accredited by them to anynation.they lost the power of settling these im- The only m ssion that ever before left JapanThat wandered on tbe shore;Thieves took me from my parents' arms,Ki'iO"S H*tOOB Broadwar —OM. Caarstv's Mm I I I U I H H M U . 1*A»CES, A*.—BLACK BU.-»OB*S.ing for England—"Your principles will be safe, even bodies,theBibleandTractsocietiesandothers, If jcur it(tractor Isabsent"—such a party ii boaad areontheeveofbeingtorntopiecesbythe tonomaatesachacandidate. TheCoovent:onwxtid not reject htm if be should spit <n the Ucas of the dele-ri.si!<(.orTHEiocaiorUBATH—PayandBveaiag.cussion of platforms extended to every empire,intheyear1582,todohomagetoPopeGregory XIIL, and to assure his Holiness of their entire submission to his church. Thisdelegation,- Iwasahelplessnegroboy, And wandered on the shore;Men took me from my parents' arms— I never saw them more."WATTO (AL*o»o*, LixM, BemxaaoBS,AcWktteaalTkeatr*.-nook and corner of the country, wherever two or three meet together, and every public place, from the floor of the Senate to the low-same agency. The best proof, perhaps, of the declining interest of the public in the anniver- saries is tbe falling off in the annual receipts ofcoBOBBrBALOOJI,boarded by a government messenger , with orders cal ideas and nominations as they may agreekuishtd visiters. A graphic account o f t h e p r o - Rress of the Embassy, from their arrival a t Panama till the ship reached lour Larbor, is given in ourcolauos this morning.the people on its merits alone, and not as the manners features congenial to their notions.fraught with tears and agony, amid the frantic applause of thousands at the South, whom the Tract Soc'ety greet as evangelical Christians."Tbe truth is that the merchants and others, know what to order for dinner witoout comnil'ug bio.cheek sales Ihe tmsactions embraced about MObales, sundown yesterday she wa announced off baa been, during several years past, a terribleclosing on the huts of about litfe. Br middling apuad*. Sandy Hook. It is probable that she there rumpus in the Tract Society apropos to a littleDECLIKE or ran ANNTVEBSABT SPIRIT—TOO MDCH ABOUT THE NEGRO.—There is a decided•Mte of the Pditieitia. flourwassJsolnactve,whilepricuwereeusuuud.Too tonRoads,wherea•teamerwillmeetheraad ing,wrappedupinaaeriesofresolutions. fallingoffthisyearIntheInterest,excitementOffrialArlwWaTVA»«nu•The floor market for Slate s a d Western w a s without nigger who was smuggled Into a business meet- change efaument, white ssJea were moderate. Southern received orders to proceed at once for Hamp-market Br wheal opeoed with more firmness, h o t closedEvery year he has been kicked out in some po- usually characterized and amusement which usually tmarmrteriaedVmCMa f lTM » 8 from Chin* fcUi Mexico.take the Embassy to WasUngton. TheEoa-r i d WMMMir BMMAU*. « T * »iiw ess, af•*****?* with less buoyancy, owing to the advance B the rates of noke will reach her destination sometime to- lite parliamentary way, bat he alwaystarnsup the anniversaries of former times. The num-CJI/.T l U i X i > l M a « * ^ rfreifht, while the sales were rair. Oora was flrmsr, with morrow, and we may look at any moment for at the succeeding meeting, just asfreshand bers attending the meetings are fewer, and thew-B torn f-irtqr* As Q»i 111 iiiiat. tost fcasefcU* M t w B s a fair export demand. Pork was more active and prices»j»mtoifeiirtawow U*H>,«U Msaa/ —a* stent*asmmmm afam flmorrwlth sales of new mess at 817 87>, a $18, the announcement of the arrival of the Em-as cantankerous as ever. The amount of gagging.and previous questioning, and postponing, and point We devoted fifteen or sixteen columnsDebate on t h e Homestead Bill i . theproceedings generally are flat and without ^OLVmsRT OORMWBfOtrDtmm,aaMM«lM •as* less active. The aalee embraced abont 900 ahda , chiefly This event will create a greater sensation tabling, that this healthy African has under- yesterday, and we devote almost as many moretf Bar auo per and new prime at $14 a $14 12,*. Sugars were steady but bassy at Washington.oaBMSsaassMiX>iscmsion onOwr S p o e l a iwhichhas growingopsahlBBrsl iloelf very ofleaslrely. This m%nr*.mm***fromMfMMr«/la*world,-VMM(,« Cobas.atratesgiveniaanotherplace. Transactionsiott«n%jMMA>r. B y O n Fo—a* O m i i i m a a i coffee were light. aoOmats JavasoU at 15*c, and «0 among us than any of a similar character thatgoneissomethingwonderful..Hethriveson to-day,toreportsofthedifferentgatherings,bntdefeat and luxuriates in disaster.JTO trotter, takm qf enaagmsm ili'i ipsa SUM. W$*»mat Among the engagement* were 86.000 both*!* of grain, In mother country enabled us to receive envoys This year he was op and dressed bright andrt*mm*M..r Sinuses*II t o B u i i U l j t f W i n rac*- « » I inthe transactions of the various bodies seem tolack the spirit which for the past ten yean or soon our own account from foreign governments. early. Yesterday morning Hon. Massa Gree- animated the pious and philanthropic assem-It Is a tribute »s much to the estimation ia ley gave him a splendid setting out in the Tri- blages of tills kind. There are fewer whitermwn njteitd'i nmmitiltnm.J0B PMIXTUlff mmOU « t t MahM, s>*ismisi and rfe- bulk and to ship's bags, at So. a •*«> par bushel.iprnttk.ADVEBTISr.MXlTTS rmmmmi entry mam: mMmH-mmmU-wrUd in Ou WsrSLV Hf*tl*, FASULT HBIH, and *»»« ftaVanrta anti SWonsawAspect m£ tBo OoBBtay—Woeooslty of Vmloa Aaesf tBo Cooservotlves.bune,whichcharged thatthe managersof theOrientalnation- astoour*political greatness societyhaddonea"fearfulwork" duringthe number of strong-minded women from theV o l o m * X X V .ABoamm THIS svsxnro.WlBUyaaABDSW, Broadway.-SQITSSTSIA*Thai the breaking up of the Charleston Coa-••.130mromaSeward • perfecU/coaAdeat tisn; B Bet h e regardsdo Mareselbo at 14e. per pound. Freights won flraa. has occurred since our separation from theT h ewhich the Amet ••m character is held by thecravats to be seen In the streets, and a smaller'C theiand influence. T he Japanese, like the Chinese,of the old democratic organization, and a vir- the people of other countries, and the pre bis avarice;'' that they '• have, in reproducing full of spicy debate and entertaining absurdity, Use. Ra manner to ar recant the eye*)\ ear; that they bad taken sides with the "op- rural districts, than in previous years. Evenvention was too real tad practical breaking up have had an opportunity of comparing us with pressor'' and against "the hopeless victim of the Garrisonian company, which used to be so He speaks of "myjjoaition - " " N s B M l . , .tualretorntothepeopleofthepowersthey ferfnee that they feel forushasbeen thestandardworksofEnglish evangelical seemstohavelostitsfire,andlapsedintoa hid tacitly conferred on the delegates, is be- marked by their readiness to waive in our writers, sometimes mutilated them by omis- very dull and stupid performance.BOWFST VHSATBB. Bewarr - A sfosnuu CAIA-BOS coming daily more evident to all; and it im- sions, and sometimes interpolated fabrications BITTU*-TAMIKO or rar Hasan. poses on the public and representative men at favor the rules of rigid exclusiveness that havehe has few or no friends B the Senate, evet * It is evident that the public are getting tired ncaasMa. Nobody but Sumner, a sort ofWALiaC'S*TBSATRB.Broadway-Oio HSAMA*O WashingtontheImperativedntyofrecognizing governed their intercourse with foreigners. oftheirown,tosuittheslavemarketofthe oftheanniversary excitement Tbenigger SUBBaveechos,aadPrestonKing,pretendtoI mZ\ovm. I SAKT* -BATUHIO.the existing state of affairs, and taking action VKU*A l u n t m i r s j , tu Broedwey.-coixies equal to the emergency.But for us the relations of the rest ofthe world South." A number of these alterations are question has had so large a share in the pro- of bis nomination. Bysa Pnir.wheahe ntw.*..^"*Committee on Resolutions w a s appointed, whose Mississippi Senator may be the taller man firm the favorable impressions that they have city sustain them in their disobedience.' festly declining under the withering influencebad long been intimately aoquatotod."WeU, yes, I heard thestory," replied the lawyer, "butit'didn't alter my opinion of yon any." GovernorChase,ofOhio,hasbeenherelately Hoduty it will 1* to draw up a platform for the newand have the longer reach of arm. the Senator formed of us. Care must be taken that every- Finally, we are told that until '*the life mem- of abolitionism, and we should not be surprisedparty. T V y w"! probabJy report this forenoon. of Illinois has before now shown a wonderful thing shall be kept out of their view which bers in the country are enabled to vote by to see it extinguished entirely in two or threeit\icoasiocrr<ithat(leneralHoustonstandsthe powertoendurepunishment,andnoreflecting maybecalculatedtogivethemamistaken proxy,tbeTractSocietywillprobablycon- yearsmore.u *t c!.ai»t e for th e ncmiaation of President by man will look for anything more between themFRSKCB FLAT AT TOT W r s r a GARDKH.—M Jacquet, came on tooklrg like the Green Mountain Morgan, the ideaofourinstitutionsandhabits.Thetinue,asatpresent,tbeguardianofslaveryoneofthebestcomediansthathaseverappearedhere,celebrated horse rode by Governor Baakathis Convention.in Copgicts yesterdty the Senate w a s engagediudcb*t;i%theHomedteadbill,but nodelinksac- tion was taken on the subject. The House was en- gaged all day on the Tariff bill.than a drawn battle, like that between Heenan splendor rather than the philosophy of civili/.i and the slave trade." Encouraged by this gun and Sayers. The fight in Congress for the po- tion is what will impress most their minds. A s from Spruce street, the Rev. Mr. Wolcott, of litical championship will have the same result they may by-andby have an opportunity of Chicago, appeared yesterday morning with the with that of the fight for the belt-no winner, comparing our tastes in this respect with those "helpless negro boy," tied up In nice whitewiU take a benefit at this popular theatre on Saturday, at the Masanebuaettj encampment, with head assisted by Madame LaaretU and all the other artists of the and tail erect, n< strils distended a n d eyes sparkling;, troupe, and several augers from the opera company but be soon wined under the aaisto which gathered Balzac's capital comedy " Mercadet," known to the pub aroutd the Wbtte House. The simple truth is, Geveraor lie here as " A Game of Speculation," la the principal Cbese, who had felt morally oerUU of the Chicago nomi- feature of the bill. All Wall street ought to see " Mer- natton, roqnd htnoilf wtthoot a party here He was told cadet"We have further intelligence from Bnenos Ayres and nothing buthot blood and mutual recrimi- of Europe, it is necessary that the impression paper, and accompanied with all the usual and Montevideo b y t h e United States storeship nation among the partisans of each. Instead that is left on them shall not be one that can string of whereases and resolves. Afterplainly by some of hli most ardent admirers that it wasof being productive of harmony and good feeling, it will only lead to a disposition to have innumerable minor fights among the par tisans. and thus increase and extend the freethe Board owed to counties for the care and sup-plies given to emigrants passing through and re- matters squarely in the face. Four separate the Embassy. There will be no limitation tomaininginthem. Hewas informed that tbe snoi Conventionswillprobably present candidate• lowpoliticiansorhangersonofthetwoboardsjust as impossible to elect h im President this time as it rvioNcounsByui—TROTTING. wouldbetosewh*•w«rM.H«towrerywayqwUStodforRelease, whicu arrived at this port yesterday withreading his resolutions, be indulged in a We are glad tofindthat in the arrangements very bitter abolition harangue, and it lookedinvalids and despat-bes. be found elsewhere.The news she brings willAt the weekly meeting o f t h e Commissioners o f Emigration, which took place yesterday, the Presi- dent, Mr. Verplanck, inquired h o w much moneyfighlfthat was opened at Charleston.Inthis state of affairs it becomes us to look ceremonies to be observed on the reception ofHorace Jones named ». g. Prince John Hiram Woodruff namedV g. roet BoyI l l 2 2 2HThs steamship Qosker Ci'y, with Havana datesto the itc iast., arrived in this port yesterday.There is no news of any moment. A vessel hadarrived from Macao with a cargo of nearly fivehundred coolies. Fifty-one b a d died o n th« pas-sage. The murderers of Agueros were to be exe-cutedthisweek. Thehealthof Havanacoutinae1 b«en made by the union of the fanaticsgood.The funeral of Lieutenant Colmel Clark--. H. black republican scheme to obtain power. Itand ambitious demagogues on the sectional Ssndford. who died in Venezuela some time since, is this, and this only, that agitates the people,was sound philosophy, though apparent absur in armstook place yesterday from Tr.nity chapel, in \Ve»tTwenty-fifth street, I t was attended b y ail t h e ofli-and against which they desire to unite, because all the minor issues, tariff, internal improve-dity, in the wish uttered by a Connecticut poli- tician, that he really " wished the speakers on his (black republican) side would let the sla-The coffin «as covered with black cloth, and studded with saver nails, having ornaments of the same metal on tbe sides; the cap. sword and belt of the deceased Were placed on the h a . A ailaor plate on the coffin lid bore i be following inscription:~-boainess yesterday. The Chief Clerk reported thatthe Comptroller had agreed t o pay the e x p e n s e•scarred by the saaitarj torce. a n d t h e week ortion to meet in New York in September nextIXCBTASC or I>»noRATio»-We recently drewtion with prayer, addressed the Deity thus:— -Ob God! Thou who art pleased to consider Thyself as tbe fountain of all wisdom, lookThe ccffln whoa placed in the hearse was covered with Slavery Standard could be circulated in the the United states lag. Van carriages ware provided tofortbePresidencywithinafewweeks. Thes are tbe—of'.heinvitationsthatwillbeissuedontheoc- casion. All the most distinguished of our citi- zens will be invited to participate in hospitali- ties which are essentially national in their character, and which will derive their chief value from tbeuniversalityofthe sentimentThird beat " 88 '• •' 1:16 «« 2 : 3 1 The above race wasmost beautifullycontestedfrom beginning to end, aad the nice management of the drivers elicited the highest encotniams of the spectators Itistrue that the horses were ia tbe finest condition, aad fit to trot for their lives; b u t horses, like other animals, want a master hand to guide them. Post Boy was driven by Hiram Woodruff, than whom, In h is peculiar line of balancingahorseatthetopofhisspeed,theworldnever had his equal, while Prince John was galled by Horace Jones, an amateur, comparatively, on the turf, although considered the beat double team driver in the country As seen above, Prince John won the 'match ia three straigh: heats, B very extraordinary time for this season of the year, when w e are visited^ broad a theatre as a IfesidentiaJ campaign, no man aouht , overcome—and that Is the religious sentiment or prejudice*.; «f the community.Judge Reed, of Philadelphia, an able lawyer and an. : honest man, would stand seme chance, but for the uare- * le-tlng opp sition nude to him by Simon Cameron.William L. Dayton's nime at mentioned, and tttsmnd.' that he Would b e sure to carry Pennsylvania and New ; Jersey. JudgeDayton s a candidateagainstwhoma*.i nun living can say one-word.Jndge ktclear, of Ohio, is quite prominent.kindle at much enthusiasm in the ranks as a eunuch or a.; mummy V he ever had any stuff in him. be hashem*; sltliog en the bench of the Supreme Court .so long tost ho hi«g-cwo weakia tveknee? It is proposed to pet Gov. BJCWBonWithhm,andmakeakangarooticket;hotV people win look m upon the exhibition at Niblo'e they w# | find Hat i) o kangaroo is an animal that don't run *ar r well-dueonthe1stofJanuarywas$19,600,whichis now probably increased t o about $20,000, a n d h e suggested that it be now paid, but the matter dropped without any action being taken upon it.A letter was received from Dr. < Juan, renewing h isclaimfor$1,200for therent ofahouse hiredbyhim after the burning of the Quirantiae buildings.The letter was read and laid on the table. CaptainCrabtrer informed t h e Bo.u-d tiia: a paisengc-r w h ocame out iu one of the Galwsy steamers was ia zation. Thispartyispurelysectional initscha- give general satisfaction. A whole floor consumption, and desired to be sent bick again to racter, and is animated by theories aggres- of that Immense building., the Metropolitan Europe. The subject was referred to a committee. sive to the Southern States and destructive of Hotel, has been secured for the accom- withpower.Thenumberofemigrantsland?'!here during the week numbered "> .277, & .veiling tb e total of arrivals at this port for the present year to 19,065. The apparent balance of the commutation money uow in the hands of the commission araouos to $U;>0* 53.oi Buenos Ayres to the Confederatioo. From Hoi- tevideo w e learn that on March 1, the General A - sembly had elected Don Bernardo P . Berro Presi- des*oftherepublicofUruguay,byavoteof47 agsi&st ?. Previous to %h.seleetion some slight disturbance had oc to-red a t Monte video.state, and not calculated for fast time Jones managed tof By the bark Swallow, Capt. I'pton. which arrivedat Salem, Mast, on Uoudoy, we have received tiles ofBuenos AyTes papers to Marc l 7. T h e &ewi is notimportant. President Dergiu bad not yet appoiatedhis cabinet. T h e -jite^'ion o f t h e Soatush treatywas beisg agitated. It is contended tint a ne* war that must follow the success of the black treaty becomes necessary *iDce the re annexationtended witnessing the above race were out to see it, owing to the unsettled state of the weather on Tuesday; a shower of rain faDing just about the time for leaving town de- stroyed the belie! that tbe race would come en that day, as the match was made for a good day and a good track. If those, however, who stayed at home were disappointed in not witnessing the affair, these who saw the race were trebly paid for their trouble, and can route tbe detaUa to their less fortunate friends. May such races be always witnessed by those who are ever ready to patronise the trotting track.help in mensely t o carry the Middle States for Br d : D M Seward at d defeat are sweeter than Seen a&c WdBT ^ y .All tbe BUira—the old man, Frank, Jr., and Mootse- mery-are n the Chicago Convention and ar a ^ tor Madame Bates. Tbe old man to himself a host, and if as had gone for Scott could probably havebut Bates s the personification ofThere >s a tood deal of speculation, ahoW the coins which the HBuu> will take. It is genera** thought thatBaltimore Convention, now in session.Chicago Convention, to meet May 16.Richmond Convention, to meet June 11.BaltimoreConvention,tomeetJune1£.Of these the Chicago Convention is the only that dictates them. The arrangements con-one that speaks for a strong political organi- cluded thus far are such as willHe would,'It is a vaia thought for the politicians to be- lievethattheycanmanufacture platformsthat, sentedstall t omake t h e issuet h e people. Thatt ob e issuepre- h a spany. will be such as will not be easily effaced from the memories of our guests.We are rejoiced to find that the hospitalities attendant upon this visit have been taken up in so liberal and becoming a spirit. The impor- tance to our commerce of securing the good will and friendship of a people so flourishingty at the rate of five hundred millions of sheets per annum. There is such a thing as having toomuchoftheAlmightyNigger,assomepeo- ple will find out before a great while. Thereeers of the Seventh, and a large nomber from ot~>erreguaents. Company H , of the Seventh regtaceat. ments, fore%n policy, all, are involved la the and so we 1inclined towards us fully justifies very question alone." Weopine thattbe Tract" i prudent are for keeping him In reeervs for MS 4. Nearly % ever/ maa here who bas any knowledge of • pUBuc affairsacted as a guard o f honor on this occasion. Gouveraeur Morris and other property owners at Port Morris called upon the Mayor yesterdaypreservation of the confederacy against the any outlay to which,it may put us.Society managers hold that view of the subjeot. It is by far the best way of getting over the ground easily, and hauling a good lot of dona- tions, the main- thing which they are after.NOT WORTH HALF TBE MONEY.—We perceiveby the financial statement of the AmericanX% % X sto submit certain charts and information relativeto dockage and soaadings f o r the accommodationof the Groat Eastern. The charts show s»andln<cs States, and the politicians should not ignore directly beside the dock now ready there o f thirtyfoot.at low water, the channel running o n 1 L> adepth of more than Bxtj feeu The ready fessii :-h e a r e r s - Major F o r ter, Dent. Col. Bihby, Col. Sayre. Major Tomes, Majortransitory mania that has taken possession of so many in the North. This truth has been demonstrated by the results of the recent elec- tions in several of the Northern and Western; <\to convhvted that Seward cannot be elect** l f nominated. IttosadthatFetOeaden,CbaaeandBanks wiUcbeerfaliy supp•itBatesrrWade. Ittowe* tao* 4 herethatWmt* ha« the cbarg0 ef Seward's Inte/esU a* Chicago, and that there, will be no lack of funds.rsz hasqci vans tat THK'ASGUI (L&SW cugrs is caAJUonaw. Thereisabittersndgrowing tW.cg here againstthe Confidence Csgge; clique of AJ'aar.y, ail parties beiar cm-vBced that Kwas their bargain'.; and treachery thatbroke ap the party at Charleston. All parties cow make strong accusations against tiim.Mseems that knoaneg the vreakxesa of their claims to admission to the Convention, thev made a bargain wiB the Douglas mnnagera. commit ing the New York detoga- Uoa to bw support in m u r n for admission to seats. After securing this peBt they stock to DongtoS until it became evident that h e could n o t carry the nomination, whoa they wont into council wftta the Virginia. Kentacky sad Tennessee delegation*.its existence. They should open their eyes to tbe true aspect of the country, and the onlygenerallybelievedthat t h echurchesbe easily eclipsed.like an interminable debate, when Judge Bron- pointed by the Common Council it has been son moved that the meeting be adjourned decided to impart all the effect possible to the without day; and adjourned it was, forthwith.TUESDAY, May 8—Trotting match, $1,000 a side, mile beats, best three in five, to wagons.the Presidency. But what avails that, so long as be cannot get the votosffSturdy Ben. Wade,of Ohio, looms ap among the didates for the nomination. He is a boldm as, many strong elements of character, but be wouldthat are being made by the committee ap-theconstitutionandtheUnion.ItisorganizedmodationoftheEnvoysandtheirsuit?.ger,andthatistheAlmightyDollar.The byallkindsofweather,keepingthetrackinadull,heavyand led by fanatics, who would sacrifice every- Preparations are being made for a ball, to "commercial classes" button up their pocketsthing for the triumph of an impracticable idei be given by the city in Niblo's theatre, when the little nigger is mixed up in evangeli-a; d unscrupulous politicians who would over- adjoining the hotel, which is to be got up on a cal questions. The receipts of the Tract Socie-throw everything to obtain power. Opposed scale of splendor and liberality such as has ty have been somewhat diminished already,to them stand the solid phalanx of the South- never been surpassed or equalled here. Invi- and in case the society should break on the during thewrace one hundred to thirty was offered withoutdining rooms of the hotel, at which champagneand other costly wines will flow like water.The effect of this scene, dazzling as it willbe rendered b y th e brilliant uniformsof the military, and the beauty, the diamondsandtbelacesofthefairerportionofthecom pabulumwhichisdealtoutbytheTractSocie-Tbe funeral of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Bsadford was celebrated yesterday afternoon in Trinity chapel, West Twenty fifth street. T h e funeral cortege loft t h e late residence or the deceased, in West Twenty-second street, abont half past two o'clock, preceded by tbe bend of the Seventh regiment playing the Dead March in "Saul," the drums being covered nttb black crape. Com panyH,ofthesameregiment,(ofwhichthedeceased was for many years a member), acted as a guard of honor on the occasion, marching with reversed arms and wear- ing the usual badge of mourning—the regimental flag beingcoveredwithcrape. AlltheofiioersoftheSeventh and a Urge number from oC«er regiments alended to pay the last tribute of respect to their decuse.1 brotherAWFTL EFFECT OF POLITICAL ASSOCIATIONS Uros TUB PARSONS —Every one knows how many Northern pulpits have been desecrated by the introduction of political topics, and the teachings of the Gospel nullified by admix- tures of all sorts of baser elements; but it hasbeenavailable—the Senators and representatives in ticism which has been fostered hereabouts byfor an exceedingly small whistle. The Stand- ard is good for nothing, and is only circu- lated among the faithful, whose minds are quite fixed upon the subject of slavery. If the Anti-Anti Slavery Society that i t s official orgao, truly conservative representative men now South remained sound and free from the skep- toe Ahti-SJavttry Standard, cost a large partUtyofbringingthegreatship aptothisdockx'.lbo sttsotsd by a nomber of the East river pilotswho will appear before the special committee ua * Common Coancil t o which the subject i»refoxred. Port Morris dock is located a t the end r dress to the people, setting forth the emergency demoralisation of the democratic party has noteleven thousand a n d o d d dollars during Congress—should give up a weak reliance on the Tribune philosophers. It would seem, how- the past year. This is paying very dearlypartial conventions, and issue a national ad- ever, from an incident at Charleston, that the138th street. of the case, sinking all the old minor issues. been without its effect upon the conservativeTBI Police CoBiDtsatooen transacted little or r o and calling for a national conservative conven- clergy, one of whom, in opening the Conven-cleaning all bofldBga toood i a a filthy condition,whore the owners of the headings refuse to per attention to the large increase that has taken down,'* Ac, Ac. This very cautions way ofform the saa»e\ wgj BI at once proeosdod with. place m the emigration from Ireland. We see stating divine truths most have boon learned Too beef cattle market w a s without material by the report of the Commissioners, that during by Intimate association with hair-splitting change ft stentsj. Too i eesipB wore again heaiy ^ last wodc these arrived at our port, by the sophists of the Ben. Hallett aad Jeff; DavB at previous ra«ea, Malch Galway and other lines, 5.277 persons belong- school, aad if this sort of thing is going on weIa this conference the natimal man U the New York delegatus preseated Bo reaototleos Bat wore afterwards Dls- offered by the Tennessee delegation B Osnreatioasa ai n g ^ this class. Should this tsasKd^-ty and dTADUunchans^ prices. Sheep have as large 'trssalmu toshall soon have all our churches tamed intopolitical conventions, with tbe parsons debat fople choose to be fooled out of their moneyB BO affair of ours, and wo only allude to theflreeatersshowtotbeOinoinnatipUtform. »factas»confirmationofsomeremarksThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069compcomtoe, sad Be tagger setanooasabodtothem, toseerfttey eonld w*s, puytof always Bo game tobe on tbe winning aide, and getting a Southern border 8*at* to present them, so so B save their owa rsspsasBBtr.Ricbsrdson, oae of the Doaglaaengineers, found eut the haaohoroos aeovsaunt of the (JsaflOsnoe Cogger obqae, and deBeted it by preventing, b y narlianentary SaeStos, a vote on the Tennessee rcsoraUonstoSBMBomaaeuruektobeflyttoJBagus sodOSBrs B o tekug of the testfrom this Marco » 4artag the oar populatfoa !*per ftcad. 6tinevwtplenty,dull,tadone-1917-'««.ing upon the Bible with as little ceremony asoo«* Limbs were B moderate reineot a t from S3 t o-Untitled Documentcited, and among them one of the most flagrant ceedings of the several societies that outside of Seward, is unable wholly to conceal a taBBs efNominally, the Charleston Contention ad- vernments failed to effect by force we have concerning the identical little nigger himself. the inside elements themselves have grown to practUng the pronunciation of the word "Ssward*1 Bjourned to meet at Baltimore, after a majority The Tribune very properly calls it" immensely front of a looking gkus, as Sumner rehearses ah - - ij, accomplished by persuasion and upright deal- be discordant and inharmonious upon that f i rof tbe delegates had driven off the repre. ing, and the result is that the Japanese now significant" It is from a tract entitled "The subject Tbe perpetual discussion of the before delivering (hem in the Senate. But, not intosUat-organized many of the societies, and will candidate. H o baa got the republican orgaahuttsa finally break up the whole. Even the la bis own State, acd the Convention is mid to be purely anti slavery bodies themeelcss are packed B his favor to a great extant. A party that not free from dissension; but the religious could stand bis insolent remark as he was embark-gates. Tbey stand in the tame relation to hiswthtt a tta kettle doss to a dog, when it is tied to the dog's tab. Y ea recollect that four years ago, when Mr. Horace Greeleymatic sense be regarded as an embassy. circus; against drinking wine, and selling rum; Rfoiftsin 1858 1&»9. Decr'ie.place in the Charleston Convention. Passions The maritime Powers of Europe have against gambling and Sunday travelling, and, Vouog Men's Christian Aia'a . . . $56,000 2,600 2&u< newspaper," whfte be pronounced an elaborate eulogydelegates adjourned to a subsequent daycofirrR l«M.T!TT«.-jexBiB[Tio!f or rsiuc'sOaicwju. portant questions. Already has the dis- wasonedespatched bythe Christians of that ,TractSociety,itreads:—are aroused, partisanship is confirmed and em- bittered, new and unforeseen divisions are coming up, and i\e rank and tile of the democ-long tried to induce the Japanese to seni en- voys to their courts; but the distrust enter- tained as to their motives has always interferedmost vehemently of all, against tobacco, exert- ed a far wider and more direct influence In be- half of Blavery than could possibly have beenAmerican Anti Slavery Society.. 86,967 14,237 New York Sunday School TJaioa. 77,000 16,000 Amer. Home Missionary Socitty. 197,409 186,2 S Airier, aad For. ChrisrUa Union. 73,000 67,00021,780 62,000 2,923 16,000upon tbe "honorable gentleman ' who had msda the bleoly assault upon him. And yet Mr. Greeley pxibiicly M - nounces that M" Seward is nomkated, although he d>s't &ebtve he can be elecud, be will work B r him as hato our shores, the first of a political character runs:-—I v u a helpless negro boy,Who never saw me more.As reissued from the pro-slavery print of thefurnishedest drinking shop, resounds with arguments government, and could not in a diplo- against "the race course, the theatre and the the following figures will show :— to tbe Senate acd spoke ef Greeley, to whom be was in-at.d disputes, counterpart to those that tookalthoughand jresents, was not accredited by the that the managers have, by their fulminations some of these bodies from that of last year, as was n<ariy butchered here, Mr Seward rose ia bis placewith lettersHon. Massa Greeley further goes on to stateCOBMB OF TKTHTBEXTB RTHIST A » D FOOBTH AVKOOO.—r*j.iro».xu MajtAoaaia.TKIPLE SHEET.S««r io*k, rbwr»d»y. M a y 10, 1860.The News.The Ur.u. J btates steam frigate Roanoke, fromA-jiiuttiiil. with the Japanese Embassy o n board,anWedint»ebaylastevening. Shewasthere plicantsforthepopularapprovaltosuchpoliti- tions. Itisasingularillustrationofthetruthwhither rl.e will -sail thL> morning, with tlie distia- party, and their new scheme will come before world should find in our republican system and is again unchained, doing his damned work, Board of Foreign Missions an increase of $7,900 to h is room, and hang upon his words its if tbey didn'tOn the other band, we find that those socie-racy present everywhere the greatest disorder to prevent the consummation "of their wishes. done bad they openly commended slavery in a ties into whose proceedings the slavery ques- asver did for any other candidate except Hsrritiaand confusion. The delegates that went to It has been reserved for the Americans not, series of tracts commenting on every phase tion seldom or never enters have increased A fresh opposition has sprung «p to Seward o s anotherCharleston may come together again at Balti-• pretence. It is objected that his election would iaat«u-Seamen'sof the proverb that 'extremes meet," that the holders of the South in the approved Garriso of New York, aad ask If that is Sewardteor. Bat these- for the Roanoke to pfoceed to Hampton Roads, to present They no longer represent a united most despotic and exclusive government in the nian style, and states that in Africa the "devil an increase of $3,783, and the Presbyterian very men, the hour that Weed gets to Washiogtna, rashmore, but it will be iu a new character—-as sup-theirincome. Thustbe Americanunited voice of a vast organization.ness to open an intercourse with us on so by the Charleston Convention have been also friendly ani familiar a footing.who were tbe largest contributors to these so- cieties, are beginning to find that their opera tions are seriously affecting the interests ofThe fast is Wood is a man of tauat—almost of gemu.-—and the republican party is*not overstocked with brains, aad if all that is alleged acainet htm were known to be true, be wouH still be ruler aad king in his party. Whatever other effec the mUdeeds of the New York ropubtictn Le- gislature may have, Mr. Weed has no reason to apprehend any injury to himself from tbem.The debate and quarrel that were surrenderedtaken up by the candidates themselves, and Senator Davis has led off on the ultra Southern side, to be followed by Senator Douglas inThe managers then get a final broadside for trade by the perpetual agitation of the slaveryonly to be the first to obtain this concession,of the system, and eulogizing each separate feature."but to open the trade of Japan to other na-rate Tbnrlow Weed aad the Albany lobby at W*shi?gioB. FriendSocietyshowsanincreaseof$20,961, ManyopentheireyesUhoryhorrorandSo*aghastat The article proceeds to abuse the slave- the Society for the Amelioration of the Jews the doing- of t t e late republican Legisktore of the SUtoIn no other way can we account for their readi-Being the first, then, honored by an embassy from ibis exclusive and comparatively un- known people, it is important that the recep-their " insolence" in refusing to obey an anti- slavery resolution adopted in 1857, and the key to the whole affair Is given in the announce-The I'nion Constitutional Convention organizedat Baltuiiore yesterday b y choosing WashingtonHunt, of New York, Chairman, and the usual com-plementofVicePresident-iandSecretaries, A defenceofhispeculiarviews. Thoughthe tionthar.wegiveIt.-hallbesuchastocon- mentthat"theirmercantilesupportersinthis theagitators. Theanniversaryspiritismani geryf"askedanolddoctorofalawyer,withwhomheAnd that is the last of the little nigger in the Tract Society for this year.Thathewillcomeupagain,andoneofthese days dissolve the society, there can be little or no doubt. He has already divided the Church, and will one day split up all the religious soci- eties except the Bible Society. Even that orga- nization may suffer. The abolitionists may demand thattheGospelsshallbealteredsoas to make out our Saviour a Garrisonian, and Saint Paul, although he counselled the rendi- tion of Onesimus, a sympathizer withMrs. Beecber Stowe. Only one thing prevents tbe societies from splitting on the Almighty Nig-First heat—quarter, 39 seconds—half, 115—mile, 2.81 •„'Secondbeat " 40 " " 1:17X " 2:33 have one power to contend with, which, on an*-.from tbe making or the match to tbe hour of starting, andern Sta'es. united by the Instinct of self-de- tations will be issued to the executive and le- slavery question, the business would be en- takers. But a vnj small number of the many who in t'me wxukt have a great party ia the South. wh*o» #0SMfence and the great conservative interests of gislative members of the federal and State tirely smashed. The evangelical individuals the Central and Northern States, which see no governments, the diplomatic corps and foreign who control tbe Society's business are as wellconsuls, the officers of the army and navy, the aware upon which side their bread is butteredprofit to any one in the revolution and civilrepublican party. But the conservative masses are divided and distracted with the contending conventions and quarrelsome politicians who assumetospeakforthem,andthepresentation of three nominally conservative caadidates ran only result in the triumph of the Northern f^.c'ioi^i fanatic?.as are the world's people, and they have no in- tention of losing their fat salaries for the sake of an abstraction. So far they have out-gene- ralled the radicals in every encounter. But themembers of the press, the Mayors and munici-pal officials of neighboring cities, the officers oftbe militia of the several States, and the lead-ing members of the learned professions. Amagnificentsupperistobeprovidedinthe endisnotyet.TheAlmightyNiggorhassmashed up all the political parties, introduced dissensions into the churches, fostered all man- ner of malice, envy, hatred and uncharitable- ness between brethren of the same evangelical school, and now he interferes with the spiritualjserratirs mas. hichever party will pay yon the .moat maaSy . The same men suppose that the whole edition of the H—«I» a printed between the hours of four end Q T 0 o'clock ia themorning,byocama-,aadaboy,en a handpress,and that you write all the advaUUrataar *.Our gallant friend General W a * ridge, although he h an a magnificent estate here, sebtosn - visit* the capua. of in* . He is said to be engaged in sate sting a drove of Or *>d moles to stcck hi* SantilJac search with.The ditcuaeion ia very astisastod cow about the 0 ^ a g o Conventioa. A detorajinaOU* extote with toe aw derate men to present a winning candidate to t h e peop>« for 'heir suirages Bates a a d Wade are lu* ning ap Frem-nt will have many frier ds at Chicago, tatf „ e m o r #South, it might be the means of carrying out the humane and civilizing doctrines of the Garri- sonians by stirring up servile insurrections, with the accompaniments, murder, rap* and ire, and so tbe philanthropists would get some- thingfortheirmoney;butnowtheymightas ssell throw it Into the street However, ifconvey the relatives aad friends of the deceased to rrim- ty Cemetery, Carmansvine. where the body was deposited In the family vaultTata Repotted InteltossLsAvixwojtTH, Hay $ , I860. The report from Denver Cay in regard to the massacre of Green and Russell's party, on Urn 8moky BUI fork, isnot credited B O B OB*. Russell s party, which a u mbored thirty four men, were watt armed sad peovMBood. It ia thought they coold not have j e t reached the Indum country, as Mr. RIMOII expected to take fifty daya for the trip. Mr.Russellandpartywereemployedbytbe Council of this etty to exptore the above routs to ths go'.j reguaa, and ten on theld of April,question, and tbey are accordingly buttoning up their pockets in answer to the appeals ofbring bis horse through the rase without a skip or break,proving himself a s great with a single horse a e he ap-peared when he drove Lantern and mate in the race withGen. Scott, everybody admiU, could be e-kctei. Xs b:-d> doubts h o capacity to make a most ante a i « jito triilon. He voted for Fremont in 186S aad at thef i i MEthan Allen. Prince John had the call in the betting~FuneralatLienttnantColossalSamdfora. yonwouldsupportScottorBanks,beesJMr0flknow~C\ A^SAN^rORLx'*' Born January 23,1828. Died in Valentin. Venezuela,February 7, 1869, Aged SI years.gentlemen officiatedcol. Woodward, Col. Morcll, Col. Mead,Richards.The beautiful and Impressive service for the burial oftbe dead, according to the ritual of the Episcopal church, was performed by Rev. Dr. Higbee, of Trinity chapel, as- sisted by Rer. Mr. Dix, of St Paul s churchA large number of persons* a majority of whom w o n ladies, assembled in the chapel long before the arrival of the h'xerai cortege, and the mibury had some difficul- ty in finding Beats.The hymn sang on this occasion was very appropriate, and comme.need:—Great God, what do I see aad hoar'' The end of all created;The .lodge of von I see appear, OB ckwdi^l story seated.Tbe Lieut,followinga spalldebted for more than half hie fame, as "an edttir of a"Did you bear it reported that I had committed for-thorn both t ob e bold, sound, safe, cm y o u will support vSomethinkavalnady www.fultonhistory.com 