 ' '~***»[•»-J -> Ir&'m.Old 1«*Wv.'t .. W i H I i ^ f W ^ ^ - t f ] ^ ^ * . --**-. *'fe->2 a, oeingMr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) hoped this would not his own responsibility, as the. weapon was savage be granted, as the gentleman was a little excited.. ,JOHN COCHRANE (Dem-, N. Y.)—Now that the anti-Polygamy bill had passed, entreated his friend toST. LOUIS, Thursday, April 12,1860. The Democratic Convention finished nominating a:miat~~'public lands for six miles on each side of so much of such road as the parties may indicate, to be withheld from settlement, sale, The following is believed to be a correct statement of and occupation, until the lands shall have been surveyed and the?JU» WOSt/23if ionu* OsviaitV Coafer- ii-arary jp*ul to Veurf all .arle^ougot one on;asd^~. OW'dd tO| t ttwft&ff.iman replies, that the first is vulgar and inadmis- Qresident, to issue to the party or parties that may have said nave ..represented to bo fraudulent and unjast. The tion. fifty consecutive miles tf line complesed the" bondseable, and that, while appreciating Mr. Lander's of the Tuitad States, iu the following amounts and in tribunals of justice will.in due time enforce the.collec-et good*. leyarddTand the issue-of said bends and the receipt thereof by the par-It is understood that after Mr. Potter replied to Mr. ties aforesaid, shall operate aa u first mortgage lien to the United the table for the present. The veto of the West- that escaped unscathed by the fire. Mr. Clnck's loss illness to relmquish hie pastoral duties for some monthe>»rv: >-Q.ba$fbecome the propetfrrttyyof «»uach«*oond parties htfrcin Teferred to fire broke out m Hafl'a^djrng-stare m Canal street, The correspondence between the friends of Mr. ty v . -. • --.- , - - • —v-.It is now expected that the Charleston Conven tiott will adjouxB by Saturday, the 28th, at farthestably agree on anything but an increased commutation bill, and tbe-removal of the restrictions on the fare of the Central Railroad, while the Assembly having inber, was wrecked on the 9th inst. onthe coast of North Carolina- The captain and crew were saved. The... ;ItiMexico.board, caught fire this morning, opposite the Lamart'\ T<" -#*o.x •<-f.i•>*• 'ii iliiiim milli jMW . mi i W "lVN*1>"'flVi»'-.' '-?^..W+>(y(***''.'b>*A%&#*lfa+Ft rzsaiy that we should say more.«herSapies*Can*an*ante**warm^eupd e s W i o f fi»Supreme O ^ M I ^ K BraW Both candidate, wore Bepabhcan*; but Jfedfce Dfawe, fl» iacwabeut, *«& that State Court* moat'respect and conform to decisions of$ e XL & Sapwme Court « of Irigber authority f>«n tbgirojm. and bad *o decided in S. HI. Booth's case; at which many if not most of the Republican* vert dissatisfied, and brought out A. Scott Sloan At a regular candidate to superaede Ju3ge Dixon. 2!* Democrats almost unanimously sympathizedjBd ?<-*©£ with, those Republicans who sustained Jadge Dixon, who haa thua boon elected by a ma-jority somewhat under two thousana*-AcWisconsin is Republican by at least Ten 1$ooa*nd majority, and has been regarded aa one tf the moat radically Anti-Slavery States, this elec-.:•>prtw ded compry^tfcthojtetttsorthls «•*. t >fiwnVo^Cniz of April 1 (mtixm^tifc'r^RECKlVgl>B Y:MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. knife for the weapon. Mr. Lander stated this fact to Messrs. Keitt and Cheesman, when the accept-HARRISBURG, Pa., Friday, April 13; 1860.Mr. Wm. Kefner was elected Mayor of this city to- Holmes, esq.., George P . Nash, esq.•*! F r o m%*dsl Di«p«uci»toTh«N.T.Tribune.WasinsGTOJJ, Friday, April 13, 1830.SO RECESS.ance wasdelivered.day by 330 majority. -•••—*i- r*it • B\< I*i9'8ton Convention, but pairing off will so thin out both Houses that temporary adjournments must become necessary, as quorums can barely be main- tained, and no business will be transacted.TIBB CAPTTJRE OF THE MEXICAN STEAMERS.and barbarous, and he closed the correspondence.Mr. Lander, without consulting Mr. Potter, ad- remain mni.s position. [Laughter.]and control of the same..SKC 12. And be it further enacted, Tbat the bonds authorizedto be issued by the provision of this act shall be made payable to bearer, end redeemable at the Treasury of the United States' in thirty years from the date thereof, bearing interest at the rate of five percentum per annum, payable semi-annually at the Trea- sury of the United States; and if bonds be issued, they shall be coupon bonds, or ineciiption bonds at the election of the parties herein named."stood to stand as follows: Hunter, 11; Douglas, 3; visiting and outdoor work must be done iu boats. A,The Att#mey-Generai concurs with the Secretary of the Navy in justifying the capture of the MexUdressed a note to Mr. Cheesman, stating that asthe weapon seemed to be the cause of the difficulty, -he would meet Mr. Pryor with any one he might choose. This invitation was refused on the groundMr. CARTER did not hear his colleague's words, but his eloquence floated as a feather on the wave, leaving no ripple behind. [Laughter.]The question of excusing was pasied over.OaMORE COUNTERFEITS.—Last night a general at- tempt was made to flood the city with counterfeit $5 bills on the Franklin County Bank of, Greenfield, Mass., but owing to the early notice of the fraud sent by telegraph from Headquarters by Operators Kellock and Polhamus, to the various police stations, it proved a failure. The following persons were arrested in the* conrse of the evening for attempting to dispose of the worthless notes in payment for articles of trifling value: Charles Hull and Thomas Bennett in the Sixth Ward, Richard Jones and James McGnixmess in the Ninth Ward, and Wm. Seymour in the First Ward.The bill is well executed, and calculated to deceive.THEMURDKRA T OTTTJMW AJIOW A..—Thismysterious murder Eeems now about to have some light thrown upon it. The facts, briefly recapitulated, are these;"Two strange men, accompanied by a beautifqV young woman, apparently about 18 years 'of age-, are lirat noticed at Oskalooea. next at Ottumwa, and finally atEddyvHle, at all of which places she passed as theB'Ster of one of the men, and occupied tne same room withhim at the hotel. The last seen of them, they left Eddyville at dark, pretending; to return to Ottumwa, and tbe body of the mordered girl was found in theTHE CHARLESTON CONVENTION.Press, when she was scuttled. She wfll be raised to-The schooner Alva, bound to St. Tobias with lum- destructive tornado visited Franklin County, Ohio.Fences were blown quite away, trees were twisted off at the roots, barns and sheds blown down, most of the drimneys in the range of the storm were destroyed, and much damage done to stock. ' •'••'.,•"-been appointed in a like oapaowy to F/anee andJ— M *- > IBTIO.Senate to-day confirmed about thirty **my ap- Matmentsof ceptams and l o w g r s d e s , to hMI vscan-*• caused by death and resignation.of free speech on the iloor of the House, he consented, ing under the provisions of .this net, in the construction of said I t is proposed by a house at Barcelona to lay a sub-road, shall fall to corutuonee tho work upon said road within one marine cable between the islands of St. Thomas and already succeeded in getting the' increase demanded.•t 4 o'clock there were SaUnUdings destroyed Jb> twobanks,thePost-Ofto*,^sJegraohoffice Express office, and tne fire was stafragmg.•agineleftButlandforthesceneat6o'clockp.m,, help was also expected from Saratoga *nd other<iPotter and Mr. Pryor did not close tfflp* morning. It cannot be published until Mr. Cheesman^who was Mr.Pryor'sprmcrpai ftiend, canbeseeawdhiacon* sent obtained.upon the IUTaDnI»- condoritiitoionnssas it beionced to tho partiw.thus fall-d the fai..l.m..s. p,.i„.»..,. _..„» . ,,.-.. • said at-cond ^--^Xrcompttuyorparities.,w-whatsoldroad,propertyanoTmprowmew* i^TheNorfiiernTranspOTtation'Compaxsy^a'propellerIn accepting, Mr. Potter wrote Mr.saying he did not see any ground for a hostile quar- rel on so trivial a cause, and h e deprecated duel- ing; but as there was an evident purpose to pursue him to that extremity he accepted, with the bowie-Mr. Cheesman objected to arranging a meeting with such weapons without consulting his principal. At 3-3 O'clock this morning he addressed Mr. Lan-,Jfiissotari democratic State Conven- THE WESTERN FRESHETS.—The telegraph gives alt *!'•<** I* »•< Oni.^' lir.nn jjfc tfiTtHimiuinMMestcam Remm^ ••' iZ&i&kiftiAR, Thnrsday, Apxfl 12, I860, vinn MiniTHE PRTOE IJMOTTIfi tHJAE^t. PRYOR DECLINES TO FIGHT—THE APFAIK TER-$xB&imi^4iicmCENTRALcCoaiwtTTinc^This being refused, he asked to be excused from ser- Congress will not vote a recess for the Charles- der, stating that he positively declined a meeting on vice as the Chairman of the Committee.tion.vital particulars of the Western/ freshets. The rising- . of the Scioto river has covered miles of valuable farm* with a flood, carried away railway tracks, rooted up-- -Mr. CAREY (Rep., Ohio) asked leave to introduce a resolution instructing the Committee on Agriculture to m esn steamers, and has given an opinion to that that he had no cauBe of quarrel with Mr. Lander, report a bill for an efficient reorganization of the Agri-CINCINNATI, Friday, April 18,1860. Columbus papers state that the injuries sustained by the railroads and canalsin the central portions of the State are much greater than was anticipated. The ILatest J>oirags of .tlie legislature. damage to the public, works is immense, probably not less than $50,000. East of Newark the Central Ohio road is covered with water for miles. At Mari- etta yesterday the water waa six feet deep on Harmer street, and was rising at the rate of three inches pereffect They are libelled afc New-Orleans a» prizes, and file question will be judicially determined whether they were pirates, or became prizes fcarough an alleged act of wax in firing into theand there the matter terminated.When Mr. Potter consented to accept Mr. Pry-cultural Bureau.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) objected.On motion of Mr. POTTER (Rep., Wis.) the Com-Several private bills were passed. Adjoruned till Monday* :Indianola. It is easy to anticipate the verdict of aKew-OrJeana jury. With the popular prejudice been prepared in expectation of such a contingency. following bill:Market billj which wasrlaid on the table, where it will hour. At Zanesville lie Muskingum Paver is higher than e^er before known. West Zanesville is entirelywhich exists there against Miramon's Government, tie release of the pr sonars on the ground that they were not privy to Marin's expedition, i» & sur- render of the whole principle involved in the case.THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.Hr. Curtis submitted a report and bill for a Pa- CJ6C Bailroad to-day. The minority of the Com- n&tee disagree as to the route, and will test theirI t recapitulated somewhat the alleged cause of A BIM. to secure contracts, and make provision for the safe, ear. tain and more speedy transportation by railroad, of mails,very likely remain till the Governor sends in a few under water, and the lower side Of Zanesville is in therefofhe strength in the House.THE CORRITTIOS CSTVESTIGATTOS.being treasurer of a I>emocxatic committee. Ow- ~XDg to Mr. Train's absence, the Committee was iqpafiy divided, and consequently no decisive][ac-tion could be token.THE TEXAS REGIMENT.The Cornrruttee on Military Affairs again rejected fce proposition to call out a Texas regiment of mounted volonteens, and it may be considered dead.INCREASE OF CAVAJLRY.Themovemer'•totransfertwoTegularregiments *2SSo cxvaJsrj is still undstermined, "but more favor- ably entertained than the other.MR. BUTTERglELD'S PROJECT.Mr. Corwin made an eloquent and impressivespeech before fhe Post-Office Ctoamiittee, advo«afing Mr. Butterneld's project of a mail con-oection by steam between the United States and the Pryor and Potter affair up to noon to-day: im-lowed on the same side, and the motion prevailed by a large nwjority.The Assembly passed 'a Bankrupt bill to-day, or rather amended the Two-thirds act so that a debtor may be dischaxged„on his own ^application. The act does not take effect till the first of April next.The Senate is now (10:45 o'clock) discussing the billengineer and fireman were badly hurt. No others seriously injured.Ufarine IMsaster—toss of !fc.ife.BOSTON, Friday, April 13,1860. The master and seven of the crew of the whaling- bark Boscoe, were drowned off Cape Horn by the boat being smashed by a whale. The names of the lost are Capt.W. H. Almy. his son, George H Almy, HughMr. George Piitt of Philadelphia appeared before Mr. Covode's committee, and was ready and wil- ling to testify, when Mr. Wmslow interposed an Objection to the question aa to the amount of money used, and the mode of expenditure in Pennsylvaniapractice of dueling, he felt there was no alternative but to meet the necessity in the manner proposed.quarrel, and stated that he regarded the cause offree speech as imperiled in his person, and was de-termined to vindicate, to the last extremity, histroops, monitions of war, naval and military stores, between: the Atlantis States and those of the Pacific, and for other purposes. .' •more Of the same sort, when they will be disposed of in a batch,^Nothing has yet been developed to show whether any meiaeures will be taken to increase the revenue, other than increasing direct taxes.CHICAGO, Friday, April 13, 1860. The express train from St. Louis for Chicago last sembly,to-night. Mr. Dwight moved to recommit the night, broke through the trestle-work bridge three bill; with instructions to strike out the enacting clause, miles north of Springfield, instantly killing two menand'Spoke forcibly against the b2L Mr. Conkling fol- who were riding in front of the baggage-car. Themediately after the occurrence in the House, Mr. Pryor dispatched, through Mr. Hindman of Arkansas, a note to Mr. Potter, asking him to leave the District to re- ceive a -written communication.alternate section* selected, as provided in this act.SKO. 2. And be it further cnacicd, That each and all grants made in this bill to the parties aforezaid are made en the terms and conditions specified in this* act. and on ooudllion that said parties asaent to the same and comply therewith; and that said parties shall transport by railroad the mails, troops, and public stores of the United States, a<jprescribed in this act, upon the Toute designated in this bUl as near as may be practicable. Such railroad to be supplied with all necessary Grains, culverts, vi-SAVANNAH, Friday, April 13,1860.The schooner E. L. Fay, with 300 bales of cotton on clear. • ., •business. The Cmcinnafi Convention sat five days, trict, and that aa his (Potter'*) diequauiicaticn was a first-class railroad, with rails of a goed quality and size; whioh rails and all other of American iron shall be of American man-and passed the platform on the first. That prece- contained in the Constitution of Wiuconsin, he could ufacture And said parties shall provide a telegraph line on said dent will be urged now. The rush of New-York not leave the District. On this, Mr. Cheesman, a sub- road in the most approved and workmanlike manner.stitute for Mr. Hindman, who vraa obliged to leave for SKO. 3. And be it further, enacted, That the road contemplated by this act shall carry over each section as it is finished, allThe Baltimore and Ohio Road.BAI/MM.ORX, Friday, April 13,1860. The damage by the recent freshet along the lineOn Friday last, after the examination of Batterworth Mr. Potter authorized Mr. Lander to decline any appear that iifty uona-cntivo miles of said road and telegraph«3* concluded, he, addressing the Committee, and not Hz. Train, said that he considered some of the qnes- tbnsofiBBsive and insnlting to himself personally, and»tsch as be would resent elsewhere.I Mr. OUn mquired, " Do you me^n to be understoodlixw have been completed in a §ood, substantial, and workman- the justice of which the Controller is taking measuresother terms, and Mr. Lander offersfor Mr. Potter, with other weapons, to both of whim propositions, without consulting Mr. Pryor, Mr. Chees-like' manner, and in all respects SH required by this act; and supplied with all neceenary rolling stock, buildings, and turnouts for the use of said road, and ore in good working order, capable of pe-fcrmiug the swvice horo conteuiplaiec, then it ahull bo the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction of theiod i l u t e . ,,Even if the obligation is intended to be cautionalr "the *xere»e of what he claimed a proper discharge at"of h» duty, as a member of this Committee?" To Mr. Pryor is still in Virginia, and ha3 not yet heard of dian of longitude this sum shall be increased three thousand-iwhich Butterworth replied, " Certainly not, but the* 'iueeOon, he thought, implied that he (Butterworth)** would ba*ter his principles for office; that he had Miles, Keitt, Mason and Hammond. fc answered to avoid misconstruction, and he now"wished, as he had answered in the negative, that ""both question and answer might be sfcnckan oat, in "justice to bimaeif."Mr. Covode suggested that there might be other tes- &aony, wMch would make it proper that the question &d answer should be retained.Mr. Twin said that -wifnesBes were not called before[to Committee to be mrulted, but to ascertain fromahem facts, and if Mr».JBatterworth's testimony wasftet controlled by suUequent evid/mee, he saw no ob-facuou to striking out both the question and the an-Mr. Potter came into the House at 1J o'clock, and wa» greeted by a number of his friends, with whom he reti/ed to a cloak-room.The above is based on information obtained in Dem- ocratic circles.ceived since the passege of the Ullj from Greene C. Bronson (who was represented on the floor of the Assembly as declaring his belief that the Washington-company, who had been privately notified, reached the ground, and by means of two or three hooks the burning mass of embroideries, cotton batting, &c, wasbeUeved to have acted after consultation with Messrs.her no injury, while the authorities of .New-York pro- test that it is unjust to that city.consequence of some laces aod embroideries in theThe following in relation to the same correspondence In the veiaion in Bepubliean quarters:The firemen soon came rushing to the spot in large numbers, and, though informed tha^^he fire was out, they nevertheless stretched their hegeand threw sev- eral copious streams into the store, damaging the stockto substitutehimselfviction and five for acquittal.-'o A- --I.,..,T-.,..*VK<..»,*;•j ; *s s ***^^tt^^&w&tm®.:/>-• *^-**»*grtaiiBwlwW'M •»»»•*»• ~r*r .•••"•ty:r£fc:-£8$£$.-:'-••-••:/••LanderAn organized; band of horse thieves have seriously(•aid railroad where it may pass through the public domain, interfered with the line all the Spring. They have tural History of the College is to send out a similar ex-ior's challenge last night, he delivered to Ms friend, mittee on Revolutionary PenfeiOns was authorized to employ a Clerk.'.-,'.'CoL Lander, a private letter, which, probably, had Mr. CURTIS, by unanimoua consent, introduced theSj^cMDisfatch to The^. Y. Tribune.own personal rights, as weD as those of his constit-uents. Such is the substance of his note, which ern States/bDy railroad, to wit: «starting frotu two points, oue onmay or may not be published. H e and his friendsregarded this whole difficulty as furnishing evidencethe westerniborder of the Stale of Missouri, and tne other on the western border of Iowa, with two converging lines bearing west- ward and uniting within two hundred miles of: the Missouri Riv- er, and thence proceeding by a siugle trunk line, by the nearest and best route by or in the vicinity of Salt Lake Cityto the City• The; Quarantine bill went up in a balloon in the As-of the settled purpose either to intimidate him into of San Franci*eo, or to the navigable waters of the Sacramento, submission or to compel a resort exposing his life in *he* State of California, ttaer* be. and hereby is, granted to William H. Swift, Samuel T. Dana, and John Bertram, of to unequal cr-ances. Hence, while condemning the Massachusetts; Moses H. Gxinnell, Benjamin Chamber, Hamil- ton Fish, John A. Dix, Daniel ,C. Eaton. Azonah Boody, and Joseph Sleld of New-York: Daniel I. Morrel, Joseph Harrigon, Gcor&e W. Cass, Joseph H. Scranton, Morton McMichael, of Pennsylvania; Edward Pennelton, ot Virginia: Benjamin FL Latrobe, Boss Winans, and Thomas Swan, of Maryland; Wil- liam Case, 8. S. L'Hommedieu. and Henry B. Curtis, of Ohio; Thomas A. Morris, Jessie L. "Williams, and David C. Banham, of that the usual request for an explanation of the Indiana; Joshua Cobb, of Tennessee; E. O. Grosvener, and William I. Walls, ofTVIichiffan; John Wentworthj N. B. Judd, during the last Presidential election. He admitted language excepted to was not made, thus precluding John Mocre, and G. Hammond, of Illinois; John How. Jamou any possibility of accommodation. All candid men H. Lucas,' William Ggpsin, and Willard P. Hall, of Missouri; Charles Mason, Lucins H. Longworthy, Hugh I. Held, and HoytOne extraordinary feature about this affair isadmit there was no good ground for a combat, under the code, because the case was one which discreetto abolish capital punishment, with a fair prospect that Bell, Henry Sanguinette, Edwiri McNamara, James Castle, Warren Thurston, and Manuel Portuguese.friends would have required to be,adjusted. Mr. the provision of this act, no person shall be permitted to subscribe stock to s greater amount than the oaah Pryor's only message was a direct challenge, which value of his estate, t o , be determined by the par-oughtnevertohavebeenborneforsuchanoffense,tieshereinnamedbyoathorotherwise,andtosuch persons as a majority of such grantees shall admit as their asso-ciates, to the amount of every alternate section of land withinone mile on each side of such railroad line as such persons may The refusal to accept CoL Lander's voluntary adopt, *aid sections to be those designated by odd numbers. And when the United States have disposed of any Buch sections, cartel occasions much comment. He regarded the or for any other reason cannot convey title thereto, or when the same shall be condemned by the United States Surveyor asIlbereis now no reasonable prospect that the Legis- lature can adjourn this week.even with his construction of it.amended; so it has to go back to the Assembly, which Pennsylvania Bailroad is uninjured. The river is in w^undoubtedly concur. Thus there is. at least one fine boating order, boats are plenty, and loading forviolence," •A great excitement was raised at Ottumwa, and apublic meeting was held. Officers of justice were ia pursuit of the snppoeed mnrderers, and at the last ac- countsitwasthoughtthattheywouldsoonbetaken. I t is now supposed that the victim, at first unknown and unrecognized,, was named Harvey, and that aherejectionofMr.Potter'sterms,andthe language accompanying it; ia> reflection upon his principal, and, acting,upon "fiie precedent in the Grave*, andC'dley ease, substituted himself.To the Associated Press.WASBISGTO-, Friday, April 13,1860.worthiest,(andhisdeoiaionbeapprovedbytheSecretaryof^fihe InterioT), or when the same .shall be mineral lands* or if the same,Iu ae saying yon would hold any man responsible for real for hia friend they have no cause of quarrel with the following manner: commencing ot the east end tions of all judgments against the city, if th9y are right.the rate of twelve thousand dollars a mile,him, and consequently no demand to make on him. and at the cros>ing of the ninety-seventh meri- pressing any opposition as to the rights of the State inFIRES.";««!11!! -rcMIKATED. ,,1 Sp«el*l Oiip«tcU to The N. T . Tribaa*: 'WASHINGTON,Friday,A|>til30,1860.TOf A TE....WkSRiNOTbiT, April13, I860. ' otdiffi^ppMedffimtSm SH *Severn-Executive communications of no importance llfmotmm&M ritnplettagtixi i,StktPWMo ** the boad» prdvisionBaiid miontions of war. He had lost 2,000 action cfthe State Legislature, in granting the franchiaeaXX3^L^TH.»G< (^GlaSSS FIRST SESSIOK.j'tBay-fmSSeh and thev ^*«*j,'«»^<>J apart-ov»hidl be liable toCentral Committee ef the German Republicans of tbj# city nietlast xagfct at Dramatic 2^fafhmtoDnteM£<g i Resolutions were passed^S^sSS^^SSF^^•iJSe it enacted by the Senate and J3We of Representatives of the United States of America in Congret* astembUd, That to insure th* safe, {certain, and speedy transportation of maflB, troops, andS'*me condition.The Central Ohio Railroad is very much damaged,and several warehouses upon it are washed'away.• '• . •2£ailroad Accident*»pcpublic stores from the western borrder of what is called our West-Sheiman, of Iowa; Samuel I. Henseley, T. D. Judah. and Louis. McLane. of California; Herman C. Leonard, and I. C. Aina- worth, of Oregon. Provided that in any incorporation of them- selves, or with others as stockholders or partners to carry outit willpass. Assembly.The bill is essentially aa it came from the v.-';"The Boscee arrived in New-Bedford yesterday.The Freshets and "Western Travel.'..;'; PITTSBURGH, Friday,April 13,1860. The damage to the Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne, and Chicago Bailroad is very slight; passenger and freight'^•^HBaSGSty^uptd€ou»tyTaaclevyhasbeenorderedto shall be occupied at the date of passing this act, the^deficieucy. a tiirdreading, with the proviso about contracting the• BOSTON, Friday, April 13,^860.about sixty passengers, < including the delegatesrto the bad only a few days before eloped from Rockfbrd, BL,shall be mad® up by selections made within six miles of said road from lands of the UDitcd Stateato which none of the afore- said objections apply; Provided, That' So soon as the terms of this act are accepted "by the parties nndortakingto perform the service* herein provided for, it shall be the duty of President of the United States, upon the application of said parties, to cause thestreet cleaning strickan out, ./j The UEBafo-bufldiDg bill has been amended so as toObviate the objections urged against it,'and reported to the Senate.From Alfeasiy.ALBANY, Friday. April 13,18G0. The Conference Committee on Tolls had a meetingNational Democratic Convention and a baud of music, left this.evening for Charleston, via Baltimore.Marine disasters.with a man named Lawrences who had either married her or pretended to marry her. Measures were taken to identify the body, and the case wfll undoubtedly* soon be cleared up, as far as such an affair can be madeMr. Potior replied that us Mr. Pryor's note contem-5 The exorbitant charges of the hotels will expedite plated avoiding the anti-dueling penalties in the Dis- aducts, croBtings, sidings, bridges, turnouts, watering-places, view the intere its of those doing business on the canals, vessel is a total loss.depots, and all oth»r equipments, furniture, and apportenanoes ofwill, it is said, insist on tolls. There is, therefore, but little incased probability of agreement.It is rumored that the Susquehanna tax bill lingers in the Executive Chamber, depending on the fate of the tolls'.»and Eastern delegates is expected here on Mondaysad Tuesday, when tickets for the round trip will Arkansas, handed Mr. Potter a peremptory challenge malls, troops, aeanion, and Government stores, and Government vetOj the bill authorizing the Bale of certain lands be- slight. All the bridges, and embankments are in goodbe issued. Fernando Wood is considered played • s*t, and wGJ be put in the back-ground at Charles-IDC ,MR. BUTTERWORTIl'S GRIEVANCE.The following is a correct statement of an occur- ence which tool place in the Covode Committee of | lovestigat on, that has been the occasion of some | ydbhc misrepresentation of a member of that Com-mittee:longing to the State, and to empower lie corporation of Hew-York to purchase tbe Bame.condition, and business on the road is fully resumed.•markets.MOBILE, Apiil 12.—COTTOX—Sales of two days, 7,000 bales. Market unchanged, but with ah improved demand.from Mr. Pryor, dating his note Virginia.Col. Lander, who had been designated by Mr. Pot- ter as his friend, handed, after a lapse of twelve hours, a note to Mr. Cheesman accepting the challenge, and. agtnts; and i ball be "Ho ved for these services such sums us theDepartment ia behalf of which the service is rendered may au-thotize and prescribe, therate in no case to exceed, in peace orwar, that paid 'or liXe service ia pei=ce on other first-class rail-roads or like character, until the whole amount of money ad-vanced by the United States to said parties shall be reimbursedby cervices so rendered; Provided, That the United Stales shall acquire for the city any title, claim or' interest of anymament appeared to be supported by ethereal columns, illumined by the most brilliant and gorgeous hues.•»•• » •CAMrnENE ACCIDENT.—Mrs. Lord, residing at No. 82 Bayard street, was severely burned last night bynaming common bowie knives as the weapons, and to at all times have the preference fcr all purposes to the use of person to lands surveyed under the act, aud to pay offSAVASNAH, April 12.—COTTOH firm; sales to-day, «00bales;of the week 5,500 bales -, receipts do., 6,000 boles. Sterling Ex- the explosion of a camphene lamp. Officer Jourdan of CIIAKGK active at 8J ftfih fy cent prem.Ifight in open air with two friends, each armed with Colt's phtols-Mr. Cheesman protests against this form of weapon as absurd, barbarous, and vulgar, and oflers to con-said rood and telegraph line: and for telegraphic services ren- all claims, rights of action, and demands growing out dered, the Government shall pay such sums as the Departmentmay allow in bohelf of v.-Wch it may be rendered.ggSsc. 4. And be it further enacted. That whenever either of said parties shall ha^o fifty consecutive miles of any portion of said railroad end telegraph' line ready for the service contem- plated by tbis act, aod i»hall report the name to the 1'rosident ofof the use or occupation of said lands.E e s a y s if this provision is interpreted literally, itwould compel the Controller to extinguish the claimsupon lands whicb. the city had refused to purchase, andCnABXBSTOW, April 12.—GOTTOK advanced Jo. ou the week; the Sixth Prejinct heard her cries, and hastening t» sales to day, 1,200 bales; sales of the week 12,000 bale*; receipts her aesistance, succeeded in extingtaishing the flames. do 5,800 bales.strue the code in the most liberal way, provided other the United Htatea, it shall be the duty of the President to ap- which remain the property of the State. It compels point immediately three Commissioners, who shall examine tho the purchaue of a lease, the validity of.which ia con- arms are suggested. , same and m^ke report to him in relation thereto; and if it shall tested in the Courts, and to extinguish over $690,000,PHILADELPHIA, April 13.—FLOIJRquiet. WHRAT firm; Btdea 2.000 bu*h.; Red at $150; White at SI 63. Paovisions quiet. WHiwtr dull at 21-S22JCBAT.TVMOB*, Apiil 13 —FLOTTR active, Howard Street roper- fine at $ 6. WHXAT buoyant; choice White $180; Red $1 48 ®$Uto. COHK firm; White 75"a;7Cc ; Yellow ivamc. Pao- visiOJ.8 »ieady; M««a Pork S18; Prime $15; Bulk $14; Bacon 10c. W H I S K Y quiet at 22^-®22io.,CnrciiCTATi, April 13.—FLOCK quiet. P a o v i s i o y s quiet, and uncharged, WHISKT—a better feeling in the market; Bales at 18®181c. MONE-S market slightly more stringent, with an im- proved demand. SIGHT,,EXCHA»8B on New-York without alter*-The Jury in•> the Pfromer caee at a late hour last night came hi for the second time, and stated that they could not agree. They were then discharged by the , Court. It is understood that they stood seven for coa-•,..,,, ....^•^-*#>jw^^<.yj^r«^^^werereceiyed. .." '''/,. ' ':,.'".f' .;'';":'•'•'••:,';':/r;•.-"' •'•''.-.•/''. .befdie.ajanurd.'TA;,-,.•• ';i> $:••?;•.•-.. :'$%x •$'%&'> '• '.. '"• •'-* '••' ^;: s t§S$B®!i%&!^^ w»partiesaforesaidthat twomillionsP Advicesing of the^ atege by Mh-ainonj owbsgtothe >rant of***&&*& *«**«'of projected railroads to certain speculators, allegnqfthat they were valuable to the city, and caffiug ttjo« Mr.^ITCH ppem., Ihd») offered a resolution directs proper officer or agent of said parties, of tbe ck,a,di"0D and pro-• a strongieelingia the city in favor of a war with the hie Excellency Gov. Morgan, to veto the whole batchThe Hons^ act fcr the admission of.Kansas was read. shall aunnajly, duxingthe coasiraotion there, ^ «»«*•'.» ?*?•I5?ff*: t o a t h t boutof5,0W^meliVTheloss^tothecitywastrifling. Advices from the City of MexJoo state that there isMr. Potter haa returned to the House, and was Keferredto CbvUmittee on Territories.. %?••*% *, - • :. to the Secretary or the Interior, Verified by" ^ , i °/ * warmly welcomed. The main facts of the affair (rreasof satd;irork^of;the'-rleakth of rail«>ad sm* telegraphlinethat ex-Gov. Wise was in possession of important facts A t 3 o'clock yesterday a note was received relating to the Harper's Perry affair, which he wouldthrough Mr. Cheeeman, on behalf of Mr. Pryor,asking whether Mr.Potter would acceptachal- notappear;yethewasnotsummoned,andtwoNorth-Sess route, left here at 9 o'clock tlfis morning, with air number ofletters, a fall summary of telegraphic a German Police Captain, to fill one ofthe three vacan-lenge here. Mr. Potter replied, that after hispre-vious n^te he did not see any necessity for Buch Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) said so far asne spoke of inquiry, and that he would answer when a message the action of the Committee, the Senator knew nothingtherefor as the department whose business rnay be neglected shall see fit to impose.The Pony Express that left San Francisco at 4pointment.-tion, though occurring under circumstance* which was received. At 8 o'clock last night a challenge of them. The Committee would report in due time.Interior (Shall cause the lands TO be surveyed (after the routes ahull be fixed)- on the line of said road so for as necesaury, as fast os may be required by the construction of said railroad, and thebut while tbe private dispatches and Associated Press reports were being prepared for transmiesionj.the wirethat the party proposing to accompany Mr. J o h n W *gate great alvantages to the more couservatiro #Ue, has jet a decided significance.MMTHE LATEST NEWS,Mr. SUMNER replied that Mr. wise was not Md- nanned nor handcuffed—a fact apparent to alLThe papers and memorial were laid on the table. % The bill amending the Patent laws came up. u Some verbal amendments were made. -At 1 o'clock it was laid aside, and the private calea-The bill for the relief of David Myerle, was passed, for $30 000.The Senate went into Executive session. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.The House is engaged on private bills.Mr. CARTER (Rep., N. Y.) from the Committee onthe District of Columbia, moved for. authority to era- ploy a Clerk.lands hereby granted shall not be liable to sale (except by said broke down between Kansas City and 1/eavenworth. Dodge to Labrador and Hudson's Straits wae to- b *was sent, and accepted at 11£ o'clock.party) or entry, or preemption, before they are surveyed.SBC. 9. 'And britforther enacted, That; the right of way Is hereby'granted for said railroad to the parties, constructing the same, to-the extent of two hundred feet i n width on each side ofIt was then too late to repair it to-night, but it will be put in working order the first thing in the morning.composed chiefly of students from WflHams CollegevThis we learn to be incorrect. The Lycettmof N*^ing the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to completed^andtbeeostoftheBBme, and the dis*a.n<*e in course -ITnited-States.'^-^ '•; of railroad bifispending befon^m. A great part ofwith Mr. Pryor are midew^oedtobe asibllows: eettletheaccountsofRandolphClay, MmiBtertbPeru. ofcio^Bteuctlonauid thecostsofarof thesome, orthvV'thn'-'ed On Wednesday, Mr. Hindman delivered a note, Tvftt!p)Trf*(3 " '' Valae of the lands nhsold, of tbe amouutof money ana propertyMr. WILSON'S jBep,, Mass.) resolution in rslation on hand on]d of the amount received frdmjfche road, and OAJ*U tbe inviting him out of the District, saying that h'w to the suppression of the fllave-trjs.de was referred to cost and exnenatis of tho cosotrnction thereof up to ibeiime ofmakiagiiaidarepDrt-for the preceding yew. And said reports answer would be received by Mr. Keitt, as he was theCommittee on Foreign Eolations. ! ; , . . : iJall be continued aBhpally after said'road and telegraph JinesThe American MnrieteT, McLane, arrived at Vera theeveningwasspentindiscussingthematterofhaviny, Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) presented supplemen- ore .completed; showing fhe annual income and eicpeiidiWire paign.'"^; "•'"'• •"•"-; '•'.'" '•'\.-: .going away. Mr. Potter replied, that as the same tary papers to the memorial of Mr. Sanborn, contain- thereofbyjfteros, after that time, together with- B statement x>f nabjlrty attached to him under the Constitution of ing authenticated copies of the writ of habeas corpus the lauds remaining unrwld und th» estimated, value the8eofr andValdez, with.2,500 nien, had been defeated, with a loss of 1,509. JCalMorniss Pow? Express.ST; JOSEPHS-, Me., Praday, A^ril 12L1800.ofthe lands sold and,the amounts received therefor, and a gen* Wisconsin here, as elsewhere, he would receive in the case of his discharge. Mr. S. atludtsd to the tact eral statement of the condition of said road and telegraph linethat, there was no resisting a mob, as previously stated any communication here, and referred to his Mend, in the Senate, unless it was by the kidnappers who ar-"and of the nicome and expenditunts thereof for tho year pre- ceding.••**•••••* ;v. .;.;,;•tion at Chicago, "to meet several days previota to &» organization of the General Convention. A reaolntio*' was offered and dkcussed, favoring the appointment ofCoL Lander.The second messenger of the great. Overland ex-rested Mr. Sanborn. The Special Committee knewSBC^. T. And be it further enacted, That said parties owning ormanaringr sofd railroad and telegraphic line shall keep the samein good order and repair, and shall not permit any unreasonabledelay in the transportation of mails, troops and stores sent b yOoverhmenfon said railroad, or in the- transmission of intelli*licence.;by asdd telegraph line; and in case »oid parttes news, and few private dispatches for San .Praotciflco' cies made in the department by the new Police bllL % shall permit or allow any such unreasonable delay, or-permit ornot disclose, and that he had thrown down the challeDge to the Committee and the country that he wouldernmen,whoknew*nothingabouttheaffair,werear- repair,-sticknartyshallbesubjectedtosuchfluesandpenaltiesand Sacramento.The Grermans are unanimous in faVor of such, an *?~ ;/riepted, one put in jail and the other kidnapped.o'clock on the afternoon of the 3d ineft-, reached' St.' Sv.Q.%: And be it further enacted', That tho Secretary ofthe Joseph's a few moments after 5 o'clock this afternoon,;•».'"*•allowsaidrailroadortelegraphlinetoremainimproperlybutofST.LOUIS-,Friday,April18,I860.Cruz ©n the 28th.Degollado had gone to-Tampico to enter upon a cam-the German element fairly represented at the Chicago Republican National Convention,and finally a reaoltt-f* tion was adopted calKng upon the New-Tork Stat* Central Committee to aecord to them the privilege ot'' sending delegated of their own thither. Some talk w a r -; also had about havmga German Republican Convex** ^ J .in the manner, in all other respects, as Is provided by law in other cases,- including all necessary grounds tor station buildings, workshops, and depots, and so forth; and the right of way shall be exempt from taxation wl'.Mn tbe Territories of the United States. The United States shall extinguish as rapidly M may- be the Indian titles to all lands falling under the operation of this act, and required in the'donation to the road named in thisSKC-10. \Andbe it further enacted. That all minerals of gold and silver, and dnabar, shall be, and are hereby. leaervedand excepted from tho operation of thfa act; hut to aid ia the con- struction of said railroad and telegraph line, said party may take and use earth, stone, timber, and other materials from any lands adjacent 46 said railroad belonging to the United States.Ana%e it further enacted, That if, at any time, from any emer-gmicy of Federal KtTnirs, the Government of the United Statesshall require the sole and exclusive use of the railroad and tele-graph line herein provided for, and Bholl assume the same, theGovernment, shall credit said railroad and telegraph companywith the excess of tbe gross earnings of said railroad and tele- State ticket tiis morning. The Convention also elected telegraph poles. In West Columbus the inhabitant* graph hue over and above the operating expense during the time eighteen delegates to the Charleston Convention, andin which the. Government shall have had exclusive possession nine Hectors. The delegation to Charleston is under- have been driven from their lower floors, and* their,,.••'••v~ ••"•••••.•.. "••.r — *: —v.'SmI ...:;' ';;The Ooveanor has vetoed tbe West WashingtonV .'; ALBANY , Friday,April13,1860.often cut the line simultaneously in several places and carried off aud hid a large quantity of wire, and once ihey threatened the life ofthe line repairer.Harrisly&irg Municipal Election.pedition under the charge of Professor ChadTwurno.. In giving the names of the New-York Delegateatt*- the Seventh Annual National Convention of the Young'Men's Christian Associations at New-Orleans, some- errors occurred. W e present a correct list.; T h e R e w J^L. G. McKown, James Ed. Hadnet, esg>, 1ST. B»;Dickinson and Breckinridge, 2 each. yention has adjourned sine die,Freslaets in Ohio.The Conventi1 i*^-•IIi1V1i i fa,Ku' ' J m1.\\ti . •i••iiI\ ^ ^ - - r l i : 1 5 p . m.—The Capital Punishment bill luiapassed,20to7.Itwasslightlybutnotmateriallytrainsarerunningwiththeusualregularity.Theriveronthemorningofthe30thult.,bearingmarksofnaea$ore of this Legislature which the public "willjar^e^nnite in commending.all points. -_—.* , — . departure of .delegatesJEoj£...Charleston.*..The steamer S. B. Spaulding, amplyprovisioned, andwithout any result.A majority of the Senate Committee will not prob- morrow and unloaded. The damage is slight. DESTRUCTIVE TORNADO.—On Mondaynight, a veryAURORA BOREALIS.—There was another beautiful The Governor has returned to the Senate, with his of the Baltimore and Ohio Road proves to have been display of aurora borealis last night. At times the fir-The main objection of the Governor is to the section directing the Controller of the city to purchase andupon the^purchase of lands, the result may be to com- pel the city to pay the judgments which its authorities-•>The Governor desires to be understood as not ex-doliais per mile, and the sarri*> increase shall be made at the the binds affected by the bill, but aaye that, so far as Last night, abont 8} o'clock, a fire occurred in thethe action of his second in the matter. The latter is crofexicg of each succeedbj.'? d>:eree of longitude until the one the State ia concerned, the failure of the bill will do fancy store of S. Gluck, No. 31£ Carmine street, inhundred aud ninth de^iee is reached; and at tae.west end, com-mencing at the rate of twelve thousand dollars a mile to the biaeof the Nevada Mountain, when it shaU be increased to twenty-four thousand dollars a mile; aud at the crossing of the nextdegree of longitude after reaobine the summit of said NovadaMonr-tain, proceeding eastward, this amount shall be increasedby two thousand dollars per mile, and the same increase (twothousand dollars & mile) shall take place at the crossing of eachsucceeding degree of longitude until the aforesaid meridian of Market judgments weie good and valid), protesting dragged into the streets, where it was destroyed.one hundrod and nine degrees of longitude is reached.And asagainst it, and declaring that if such a law can be passed without violating the fundamental priuciplea of the Ccveri;ment, it is not too much to say that the Constitution in its present form is:not worth preserving.store window igniting from the gas-lights. Bofore In conclusion, the Governor qu cites from a letter re- any alarm was given by the bells, a hook and ladderOn motion of Mr. Ramsay, the veto was laid onStates on the roadbed, iosd. roiling>tock.- iron, and all th* build* by fire and water is estimated at $150; he had recently past, finding his health but partially restored by thePryor's first note that he would receive any mesaige ii>gs and appnrt«naacea belonging' t» said road, and all tho nur- Washington Market bill, as well as the veto whichcbaseB mudt-"-of materials or outfits, to soonre to the United was ser;t to the Assembly yesterday, has been laid on moved into the store, and was unmsured. S. & J. means used hare, has at length yielded to the advice ofthat might be sent him in the District, Mr. Pryor'asked State* tho r*>lcjbi.;T*€mciin of th- sums so advanced by the United the table, because it. is anticipated that the Governor Joyce, m«-tal roofers, occupying tbe basement, sus- his pby&icians and the earnest solicitations of hia many him if he would accept a challenge, to which Mr. Pot- States: Provided, Tl-atthesuni so-advanced as aforesaid shall tained slight damage by water. The building, ownednet exceed sixty milhoun of dcllars: and, provided. • also, tbat will jaleo veto the Albany and Susquehanna Railroad by Mr. L. Van Wart, was not much injured. In&ared. warm friends, and is about starting upon a Europeanter replied that he would inform Mm whenver a chal- before jruch advene* s shall bo made /or work iu the State of Cal- bill and t&*; Anti-lient bill, if also not the New-York'trip. He sails to-day in the steamer Adriatic'.——i '•• ••—POISONING OF CHILDREN.—At the Orphan Asyram in Lexington, Ky., the children recently ate by mis- takesomearsenicpreparedforthedestructionofrats.'arer, if the wftness desired, and this was assented to lenge reached him. Mr. Pryor then sent him a chal- ifornia, legislative provisions ami authority shall be procured City Railroad bills, the object being to get all theFIRE IN FARK STREET.Yesterday morning a fire occurred in the little con- fectionery shop No. 24 Park street, but it waa speedily extinguished by the firemen. Damage $535; insured for if500 in the Rutgers Insurance Co.py the Committee.i ta» Aooftotod ft I M_lenge, to which Mr. Potter replied, referring him to CoL Lander to make the necessary arrangements.from California or any other State through which the rood snail p?fis, which shall secure the validity of the lien contemplated by this act. And th« parties undertaking tho service herein provided shall uyxv.ei to have flvo hundred miles of their read a*)d tolegr-ipn line completed within alx.yonr* after the passage of thin act; andvetoes before both Houses at the same time, so aa to log-roil them all through over the Governor's veto.I.WASBXVCTO*,Friday,April13,I860.Theseterms,asproposedbyCol.LandertoMr.-T.P. tothinend,thepartiesshallbeginatouchend. Andwhenfifty Coisman, were, that Mr. Potter, though disclaiming connecutiv* mil*"* of said road are completed iu the manner here- in stated, the parties heretofore mentioned shall have the landsLaterfrontMavaaa.'J The grounds on which the Ck>mnn»oner of Patentsted an extentton of the Morse pateni of 1846 are, allegiance to the code, would light Mr. Pryor in any hereby grar.ted conveyetf by patent to them for the like dis- ^Tho steamship Isabel left Havana and Key West onCABINET-MAKERS OF THE TWENTIETH W ARD.— Twenty-one of the victims of thia mistake were sel*- The German " Tischlers" of the Twentieth Ward, ously poisoned, but, by great care, were saved fronttance of fifty consecutive miles to the amount aUowud by tho the 10th mst., and arrived at,\ Savannah iu4-lhoura,themvcntion was original, novel useful and pat- place, in d/Jors or out, in the District, with bowie- terms of this bill, and so mi, fifly consecutive miles of land for and at Charleston in 50 bonis from Key West, and 60 being a branch of the General Cabinet-Makers' Associ- death.ble; that it is valuable and important to the pub- knives. This was declined, on the ground that the each fifty consecutive miles of railroad and telegraph line com- pleted by ssid parties, until said railroad and telegraph line shall«*>4that the inventor has not been adequately re- weapons were harbarcus and inhuman, and not used he entirely completed, leavinc the mortgages aforesaid upon thehoui-s from Havana. ation, which numbers about 1,400 members in the city,The steam sloop-of-war Pocahontas left Key West held a meeting last evening at Biegen's "Locale," in on the evening ofthe 10th.THE MYSTERIOUS PARKER MURDER AT MANCHES- TER, N. H.—THE MURDERER REVEALED.—The JSo«- ton Journal has eeen a private letter from Sandwich, N. H., which states that a man named Harvey Weed ofthatplace,dtodathisfather'shouseouthe30thof March^and just before he breathed his last confessed thai he was the murderer of Mr. Parker at Manches- ter. He said another man held the victim, and h e ttabbed him. This is all the information on the subiect that is contained in the letter. Mr. Parker it will b * jemembtred,wasmurderedsome15yearssince,he at that time being tax collector for Manchester.THE MISSING BARK MEMEKOER BIRD.—A Hono- lulu paper of February last says that by advices iron* . Melbourne, purporting to have come from tho Ameri- canConsulthera,weleastxthatthemi&aiagoofifeoskip* MessengerBirdhasbeenheardofati-heFeejeoIalaada, where ane put in cs*ensibly for water and provwiowe, reporting a six-dayt' passage fromNew^ealand. The shignlarity attending her requiring aupolies after se tsbdrtapassageattractedattention,whiohleitotbe observation of comnderable cvil'ee iu her hold. Alter dispoaingofaportionoftha,ahetookherdepattar% for parts unknown.f&Wf&f&ltobeds of swd rood, and all the rolling stock, ouildingo, and depot* among gentlemen. thereof, as »ecunty that the amount or the bonds or trea*aryTo this CoL Lander replied that Mr. Potter detested notes advanced to the United Stutfri, m aforesaid, shall ba relmtmnerated tor his time, mgenuity, and expense in orig- WU&$ and perfixstiiMr ^jjfenentirelyrestored,«uwithepeopleawprosperous, thewholesystemofduelingasbarbarousandun- th<»»ct. onLondon.li>|®13|premium;ouNew-York2^3i wages;thosenowgetting,tenBlullingswanttwelve,ifr. CarvsJlo, formerly Minuter to the Untted States, cbriiitian, but being called to account for the exercise S«c. 5. Andhe-U farther enacted, That ii tho parties proceed premium. and those getting twelve "want fourteen. Some havel Semi omeuU advksei £rom Chili state th*t peace haabursed in mail and other sorvica, according to the provisions o was quoted 7.^0 reals. Molasses quiet. Exchange for an increase of ten to fifteen per cent on their presentnot being accustomed to the usual weapons of the y*T from appro\ «.l of the act by tb© President, or fail to proofed j Porto Rico. at on average annual rtto of on«- hundred and fifty (150) miles perduelist, to meet him in a way that would place them year after the brut year, or shall fail to complete the whole of ilote ion equal terms, and to name the time,-place, and said line, and furnish the raiiroad transportauon contemplived und contractud for by this actalong the entire line within fifteen*XaJke Navigation.The association number* 140 members, and is presided over by Mr. S. Juenger.__I S<*troctive Ffr* at WJ^Uton. were objected to, CoL Lander, without Mr. Potter's legeshereby grautpd, ftither in repeat to aid,right of way,or. Jrom the lower lakes, ahe being the first VoBBel through named Weed had confessed the murder of Parker-inweapons. But,astheweaponsnamedbyMr.Potter yxn» afterthep&stmgeandapprovalofthisact,thepartiescon-. tracting or owning theaaim-. ahallfmfoit alltherlplrtsand pavi- r„ MILWAUKEE, Friday, April, 13,18G0. *.propeller Prahie State arrived this morning;*X, thisafternoon. Thetelsgranhoffice having ri^hta.franchises,orImprovementsbelongingtoor"connected Irtfie^difficulty. . ,: :,-,.;..;..,/AMAUCIOUSHOAX.-—Thestatementthataman New-Hampahire is pronounced a hoax. A dispatch:; siTROY, Friday,April13,186<J. knowledge, tendered himself to Mr. Pryor without lnnd.-.notyetdiapoted of bythem; anditshallbetberightand the etruits of Maclunac. She passei through eom«daty of C«nnrt---j to provide for thecoiwtruetion or completion o fL*mostdestructive fire occurred at Whitehall,, restriction,whichwasalsodeclinedonthe.groundthat thesamebyotherparties;andtothisendalltheproperty, thbrty^milesoffloatingiceaboveMilwaukee,withbut fromManchestersaysthatabrotherofthepersonsaidburnt, we ars unable to obtain foil particulars, he had no quarrel with CoL Lander. with thi« roud, so fur ai completed or in progreio.euure tb^aad -:; v•,.:••• . . . + - » :-V; to have made the confession is Wm. M. Weed, Clerk1 ^ ^ Wrcst\vav&* • of the Court of Carroll County, and who ia spoken of8AKKLA,0. W., Friday, April 13,1800. as one ofthe delegates to be electedUo the Chicagoinfo provided tht* fttiling parties shatl she- paid by,iin."" worth OVM and above the Government aid• ttVtae wrrj>ctnally worth OVM one. ,timetberoadshallbetaVenpossessdon©fbynald«ecantt>pat«ei.j.J ard the *aid fecond parties shall, from that time, receive ar.d hold .aid property upon the «ame conditions ea it UrwwiYedbyiMxchjgan, bound to Ogdonsburgh/ N. Y ., the flrst boat fxowKCmiagothissoaBon;passeddownthisajftemoon. She reportabut little ice jremaining.Republican Convention. The inference is that the hoaxwasconcoctedtomakehimappearasthebrother of a murderer, and let-sea his chances of election.t •.•:...ty^JU;__CHAKI.EST0N, Thursday, April 12,1860.TheHavanaSugar market: was quiet; MuecovadoThirty-second street, and decided to unite in a demandUntitled DocumentFIRE IN CARMINE STREET.— . , » .• -CORRXCTIONS^-*LI a recent paragraph we«•.•'canal tug is moored to a blacksmith's chimney.tbe Central Ohio Railroad the freshet has done great. damage. Near Newark it ia said that the track re- covered with water for a long distance. The Pitta- burgh, Fort Wa$ne and Chicago Railroad, the Cleve- land and Pittsburgh road, the Steubenville and Indiana, road, are all very much injured. This sudden rise. ia. the rivers of Southern Ohio is without precedent ha the history of recent years. When the swollen waters reach Cincinnati and points below, the most disastrous accounts must be expected. . . .i 1' m—^A correspondent writes us tliat the real end of thesudden derarture for Europe of the Hon. Emanuel B« Hait, Surveyor of the Port., was not to look after frauds on the revenue, nor to receive a legacy left him by an enamored Jewess, but to attend the fight be- tween Heenan and Sayers. It is well known that Heenan and Hart are great friends, the latter having? employed Heenan, for a long time, to do nothing in the Survey o'r's Office, at a salary of $2,500, and that Hart lost conaderabiy by backing the Benicia Boy in hia contest with Morriseey. He has also nowhetted heavi- ly on the fight with Sayer*, as have many of those Hebrews in the city who are of a'sporting disposition.—The Rev. Dr. Spear, of the South Presbyterian. Church of Brooklyn, having been obliged by a seriooa Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069assMSSSSSJBSmwww.fultonhistory.com•'•••\ 