 i*•% Hnufrrt fc, » » « r « y ewrt to« to l i e swwiatyto relieve. would you not reatot totooofaarsBttonf Wowith the instit ^ione of the *mth, save would Jata a s rmree, • hue/red wotJd be willing to aarat their itthe invaders. (Chcera ) Wf •fT?5*tof^toaa erery Btsht. aad ha M ftVthful hM binds erery Bightto* thepeculationsoftoe, « •anBt^nnea toa d m u&ualiypu. forward for toeTha republican* haveBOB•of ,open,nuetIfmCITY POLITICS.AND %\EBXTT rAATT BDTBE TOBKDOBSBTBS BSTC8UCAN NOBTIXBE:.IHEWJERSEYP0HTIC8.* EasToa, Oct. 4,1960. Evans,aKwh.idi T tare T*tted for the yirpoae of icaowing ^iaeir " mile of the deatautioa. aerial and prospective,. of Andrew Jackson, and tie ciuatry tared for the time tcH, their abie'i sad their peop!*.. T ha^e risitwi, tn the of the hundred thousand people of thM Terr. from the impending dangeri but nulhiicstioB w n not crura* ef my Hfbtime. more than three-fourth* of th-? tory. Already oeatoa from famine n a n occarreu. kilied, and the second a Ua was waen it appeared again eNilixrd ftttieas of toe wcri<i- a*d ot aL the dutes aaU a* i anirsa rpeeoy and eflectual =asaatanee be rendered In I860, when the comyrimire measures were adopted. nations which I hare area, that people which I hold u. jr. suchdtatas wu. be irequest aad many Hundreds of The danger then vres averted by Henry Clay, the great the wisest, toe worthiest aad the best,; • the ->t JJ.-.Oof families are weaving toe Tetritoay—leaving their farms paitficator and cempromtser. wnose age could not check thtolH:^ State. (Apptaaee > • T * reaaon o! it is the obi ana improvements aehind mam—ratiier Uias incur the the tire of t:s patriotism, nor dim the lustre of h a great proverb that "Handsome is that haadsorae d o b - I. risk of famine. T oe large majority will, of course, stay. intel!eet. (ihsers ) That w n the most important crlsi!. ether setton* have btgher"education irreater ren*aj«nt. I Bow they will bo atvod irom starvation, sad hew they ne said, the country had ever seen. In speaking ot the andhaveoultrratei thevirtuesand ledoemento of :.vi willgettoemeansu>sow cropstoecoming spring, a a ether great men who took an active part IBthe Masd . !e mere than you hare, I bare yet to see to* ' problem to wb*ia it a to bejhcppd an" enectual solutionaatiec <r the ampti that has been able, in its very in will hesoon obm,med. U wilate* be permitted to set in agitatirns of that time, General Barrow eulogized Daniel cept^on, in tot btotoey. ta its rery orgagiaatioo. to meet before sm stance a> obtaiced toa denser wii." be greatly Webster—(rheers)—the Edmund Burke of America—merford w a s th«a aa&nimoualy nominated Tor the Fourth Coagrenicnsl datricl.a scandidatesecession?Ji DCK BATHS PUIIB OCT.—Judge Bates, of St. Louis, inthe Carmen, At that time Garibaldi uderatood the ?pe Bith, Italian, French and German tanguages, aad ere tha has anCotbtedly mastered that of the Ssgio-Saxsn na- tive's.It w n the remark of the mate of the Carmen, is speak- irg of his commander, that he put hto iighteing cr elec triclty into every one whe was connected with him, and*wsaeemea we not beeaaae I hare not final toe cwntry *ar earpasemg all say exwaraauoaa ef its uuprovemeat aa4 ewitivmw* eat becaoae I have not found h a s a prosper--but heeaose I hare found fami ay own Slate, earns from other $tatos aad o n e from tareiga coaatrms—who ware induce 1— wad j-wair aad wisely weiuced—to couae to torn ra- gtoe watu* toe last year or two. aad wao, aav.es:ever he s) will no* only want to overturn the constitu- ports *f combtontious in hew York, ha did not think it • tan, but aao to establish the red republican aa the blackito esteid slavery aver me wh le eoctoxeBt. w t n 1 nive teen around me If tola Bdrm shall be ing an Alt then ornideretau te*-a you toe statute abeardity taken a good pert, torn i am free to toll yon that to a yi gBtaerlag then, entered the sleeping ear, who. Mt laid, , toe of the to b* shown to Senator Seward s ispublioaa party. Be baa asM that eventually MasBlacMCOPT OF THS BITTDAT LAW—UaT Ot ATSBJ ABO HAT*,STC—AN ACT TO nawMSVB THB rTJBUO rsACg AND0B0D.ONTBIrDstTBATOTTHBWtHX,OBat- MOULTCALLRVBTNBAT, TASBHDAPBU.17,1860,1ofto*ButeofNewYork rty, ds eaaet n toyows—ItanalaotbeMafaltoesMtoitontheI ' caladSosny, to th* publicat yoilfacal Bhilasapny when t attempt* to go is ooami LjJE a a :r. Seward lad bees asMep, and dtdallslanoralleouatry must become either all store or aOillfrree Iif Mit Matan to th* eawstoped isrx -» * * •"*• ?h* simpwof theto become all free, what a to b*eome of the stonst ifaSyMMKIit"Atut,toeeghtwbeawaytafoagown," — 1 . sli'ihi * Han******* eaaetjwettu toevery irtt. Givetost,asd«*«ry—»5^.-Hnye*_pawntoMt^ir JuruXtf atmZmmm-,yetIhareoeeoo*ailyourhowghatben toan Mr.Seward,andantedhimtoeabtotwhatfourmiTllOBalavnatatboaaaaddollaraa you can pay rOr apt Mr.Seward of ha to have you bay ibecarriedo*t). whown arffl yea doto by fhner batprairtca,uptaadaadEsetam1—4,otoMeudI Mirr'- it*gv-eraweat. FeDow cltijiaa, thus an freatBesoBere,BBUenor• HOIBoaoaapvto* et*%der*uau tost semreai ttemlns to toe u M -tag Beau* yes. ^have » H T°° all—lean haft aothtag ry whichgooath*platform ofthecarandmakeaspeechtoha fDBugh*V)hoy*. ThatofcgaginvttaitonSantorSeward decdaad to profftby. Thes Oouglm ajught out General Kn; but h a adracenwere BOmere favorably receired lathatfinarter.ward makes tha djeiBg speech of thetocrat arecisf, asd seta o-t for Auaera nextihrg.THB POLITICAL CAKVASJ.TEEBBLL-EVSRETrUOVEMSST. WA8HJJ.GP0N DABBOW, OP NAiH-TlaJJt, T » » .The Bell Everett Uaio* a n a held a meetingaf U Ammnm*lainMwSh*thaku,Ithan eons op Itherefore,to !tarre to gs> the T < J tint ftia T*Btqata atiasttr th— It exists, and apply your • k t f u sssb.t>*, secnuM i it founded a s ttot grtt «*de i If t b a t*o*ta Ml, awl « as* attettoa «rfm—kind 9 ever 1stall n w from toe• MI of frewiem, I thin ccme op hen to steued tbit appeal—11m « i a y awvetto* sad a y bcpre. a w the tosptrettoa rartMaf toe oscntry with' i that cosus from to* happy homes •* a bus trod tbousud i lf'w*«as*t s e t 'nomination Ma decidn _iVmrttoey ofi » ) M i w w i l l skiespi* of AfrieaThe ao*s of Afriea!try. Tha **©•. my sentiment i of Use Americas ncwte •.id ofI Will • » ! SD to K i l l Mwill cheer aad reand tuner* g Thai State,,*•«» totrteen StoVs,efeuatretic*inot.doctsr* ef to* supplies of toecomfort* aad lusnrlea The qj tome—ae»efmy seeking—itI waa to a posit -m when Iot l h » Sine—itthe lanital ofiand of Kansas aboBcaMrrated wito sMves,orfiee men, every oa* of lrultmsn aad to* mesctoi wtto which, he ' «Vi Itookbackatthatperiod,o"!t teema strange to me thai aay iaeat, himself a fne.sfree,be free laborers, hismaif earatog; b « i hariag ehthtren who itheir support, U>acontinentaogreat,aaoD sorich,a< to theropportafrmawea setseat to this country ien aame nother San Poaiago of America, and all their associate iobbymea. Mr Tomokma has ') whaV r l n * wtto to* been before the public mseveral dlaenat cancitMsDamaa all fraternat ouaslderalion aad has beta member of the Am ' - 'ioftheirchiefJay.Forareenurus udMM r-Pssceb* withinwtosusna*toa:; FWtow citsaeaa of Kansas,,o* oar way toto the prtctical quesaon —What atobetheresuMifthesentiments ofSeward aadLis coin should prwni-lT Would yera eetaMiah then aegroee'M, and haaislan w e n ordurag1840sad'41. the democratic party i with the free 10U Y eatorlitical meeting since ISM,bstbebelaredthetimehad sow arrived when all good cittwnashould,nn* hoped they would, do all in their to premrre this glorious Union. (Applause )Dr. R B. BBIBPOED, eandldste for Congress, was then introauced amid che« rs and briefly tddrmaed to* meetLeva by ttw Barn MBBBIIIt road.Hr. Sawarda recoptioa to to* Territory n i u extattering ••* to ham. Everywhereto epeople Ito beanimated withto*antimeatsspisnailbyit far better, therefore, to k a w the pee-Gad B*m,o* their native tog He alluded to the crsaafeatjea of tin Bell Everett You cha.carry year object without such a aaaaaaWMi re-toe abaok of to* artstoenrtte system, through which other aatwis bar* haaa tojand or ruined, to repel all attacks. sad to cease aa* baton the world in to* attitude of a peo-inciesaed. It appears to me toat the best way to meet the calamity wuuid bo to open subscription ItoM in the East era States, and send 'provisions of all kinds into thethe expounder and defender of the constitution—SaphenA. Dcugke—{cheers}—the Little Giant who brooght thedetermination, which had always characterized h acourse to the settlement of the great question, and Mil-lard tUlffiore, who, he n i l , although beaten in lS5d,iiocd a hundred yards abeve James Buchanan in the at-t-mation of his countrymen. (Cheers ) He then tracedthe organ ration of the republican party tn ISS5, whichwas formed mainly of old line whig% and old mshianeddemocrats, meet onir? the names orsome in either partywho refused to be Brawn into the whirlpool of repub-licanism. I am not come from toe Southtc find fsr.lt, he continued, but 1 say here to night, and Iam wil'.inr to have It repeated in Tennessee, and inSouth Carolina even. that I think the daunion party ofthe South to m dangerora n the republican party or the the I emocratic Bepublitan State Committee in farther, for I 'ooglas, Mr Cbanaler having spoken oat hto hour, he ha country.ple who WW aot, under any form of persuaatoa te-ntoiy, to be eo»d at cost price where the destitution asedacuea or titiaiiirtslawi, eoaaeat. aay oa* of them, not extreme, and to be suppued gratuitously or on creditto be a a m n ] a n y oa* of tbam to make a slave, eh* re starvation a mrniBemt i 'epota of provisions oughtany oa* of them to bow a Slav*, or aay foot of their tor- to be established at dJerent points, and their manage-EixraxiH r-ETBirr —Ex A! iermac v."m. HcCoBkey has receired the Mctort Hall and Breckinridge aomiaaUons for Assembly in thM datrict. -professional abort, which for more than a year have been too much .ctemipted by toe excitement of politics.' During all that time the old fellow w u galivaatiag after a nomination for the Presidency.scribed:—Of a light complexion and blue eyen, looking rather like an Anglo Saxon than aa Italian, with a light beard around bis chin, high shoeidem aad a short neck. On shore is Boston he anally wore a plain c.timaS drees, with a Kossuth hat, but on shipboard his favorite costume w u s sort cf fez cap asd nUor jacket.rttory to bo trod by a save or by a man who Wnot equal to every othar m a i ta to* eye of to* law . (applause )The Tenth Assembly -District (Tammuyi Cinvention met tost evening at th* corner of First avenue and Ele- venth street, u d adjourned over to Monday evening.VrsGOiu CdrvaiBT —We copy the foUowing account of aWhile here. Garibaldi u mnch u possible avoided pub-mmatar Srward, Gen.Kve.Mr.Wiiso*andjsoor nponsr irovo orer yntasday morning from LeavenwortatoAtchwoa. aboutamilefromthelatterptaeewewerema* by a torn number ef Mr. Seward s admirers. wants. But fo- all other crops the dmught has been al-from toe Norfolk Herald of the 1st tost. .—w n followed! by Mr. Lamb. Mr. Lamb continued hto At the time of hto visit, the Crimean war had jut: com speech for some minutes, when, pointing hto linger at Mr. menced, and the opinion w u expressed in hto bearingChandler, be nid—Now, fellow citizens, I will proceed to that it might reach Ms genera! European eontest. "If such showjouthattoeBelland Everett electorfortha dis- shouldprovetobetheme.''heremarsed, "yoomayfj«aadpolicywhtohJOBbanmiddowa.laavm*.the State must keep him at home where he belongs. If aot .-.\.aslave ia theCalled States, hemustbederstccd (hat the Beii Everett party will endorse the BO inmaticn*3Tax EIGHTHDwrsHT OF M^BMntrKBTW —The black re publicansiasomeofthedistrictsofataaaschsnttsare.n a peck of teouhle orer their Ctmgrnsional candidates A WW h n sow broken eat ta th* Eighth district, between toe supporters of Hon, Chsriet R Train, the picsent re.1natice sal t h e TOTB£BOXTOJB'orTBIHssAI.Tt.A.BNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1860.-TBIPLE SHEET.3segment thereto not toe tout aictulta tor say peraoaiurrg tha Territory, natwtttwtaadtag too grail*aw ofUteeeamitythaibaibe*aJ!enit. Jkm mmwkeleHt sot mem to relah very mach being datorhed; youaretobuythem,mhatbeenproposed,stopandmv trimft*:seespraascid******Ouwester*kmt,*0rtoe butMrDongas,iaharough,heartymanner,declaredMr. A C Wilder, to hM aidraoj of wataoato at Leavesworth,thaihe(Saw***)«aa\tolata,toairowniavaeItate niui—tithe a to* 9eaw>> *f ta* United atatea. auppcrt oa toa continent. Then is no dlilereBos between Union ekasent. He spok* from pintiawl experience of Abraham I incoi» —Cant you five under the adainistra- fie roited, oea—*• Lameanrarta, to* towns of Law:et a, ua all except this: mat my lather waa drives out of the South; her climate, retourcea sad bstitutioa*, andin ticn of John Ball' (Loud *eert, and crinof '*yn,"ana reeetred with ardaat JowaatiatteB* of adailrat a , all to* a m rcaaarhahj* to to* praseal dokfal taad>:.jo ofaaVr*Be retvced frcm Lawrence to Laanaworth aa Thin' day, hcpac to escapa aay fcrth*r attectios to Ota wt'.ter tow*., bat he wo* not to fartaaato. 'The W«d* Awakes aaattered in csaolderable EEabm, %a<i with at^aie, traascieeaad ;:±mjag torchaa. atarched to too pUoUrs' when than, waa aJnady a large onwd aa—aa- Kr.Srwardeocidnotreeisttoedemandmadeia a», aad as ho, though uawlljagly. laft bis room, rd dowa ta to* parlor and stopptsf toxosgh toe opencome, and tens of thousands, aye, aaiUioas, have yet to character of i lavery and toe bspptaem and blessings ft been a friend I'.fnnnrratlsm: u d n t h * people of toe den, to answer to hia admirers to New Albany, lad.. of March it w n reported by that nnmrntttii, aad warn •sea*. We a n all exiiw dinatff, or represent than afforded not only to toe slaves tbemse.ves, but also to the South haa denounced bim as beiag in league with the r% asking a speech denning toeir duty as >«*;.,<... ta* takn in charge by the Grinding Committee Tbey reblish ben e higher, e belter, aad a happier civilization asd pictured the deplorabse condition into which th* then, toat iram which ourselves or our ancestors were ex- country would be thrown !e toe event of Lincoln's elec- iledlafereifnlendaiTfefclandsbo-^ldnotonlybeamad tion,fortheStutb.hesaid,wouldprotectberrightsevenof freMcm.alend t-iwnowledge and religion, but itshonid at the point of the bayonet. He closed by exhorting h a be. above all. a aad wttich, as yet cannot be said wito audience to stand mat by the pr'nciples of the Bell andtrath of say pert of Europe or aay other part of the Everett organization, sa the moei effectual way to pre-statesmaa, rtoing above th* demands and attachments of rendered hath to my country and to Bell aad will fix MM eye upon a great constitutional Union candidates of my choice—the beat servicewilllookalonetotheinterestsofto* stancespermittedmetodo And thia day toe wish n d the prophecySons to strike out theloat. Th* bill w n thes read aadwho rand in toe affirmative are —wtodow presented hiaaself, all s*attaadod, oa to* stand world, a lead of civil liberty—aad a Mad can only be fer ve the ooaatitatKjB and toe Union.• >xx. WasBiMTon Banaow, of Xsahrille, Tuiisamiiiiiare mallard in hM own person, sad be MBOW asd venerated leader of a party having for The Union, toe constitution, aad the mforce- * lama." (Loud cheers for Bel! A Voice— _ played out.) I tell you Lincoln ain't played out,burlIfthegood UnionmenuniteinadeterminedMA£8ACHUaETTS POLITICS.• BOSKS, Oct. g, 1860.E. Alton, Bsrdec, Baraett. -•*--•--Gray,AGeVJ,Parry,Powell,BerrM,St.saon, Tacker.Vu Atotnre. VuHern, WUey, Williams,iTaaw m,wh .co bad bean eoaatrucUd to front of to* baUdiagl H n and* a lend of liberty by adopting the principle which who ia the meant'me arrived sad who a a gent'omaa of has carer jet obtained, LB Europe, aad which is only:with aallnalaslh.ebeera,sadas tabeattainedbyMaraingitfromousaelm thaiM,that fine,commandingappearance,wasthenIntroduced,sadTh* republicans have nominated ChartoaFranca Adamv Xtarr*oc.UtoKr SoagJaa,"batrayed"intoaatktoga every beman being being aecesear.ir born toe subject of received wito loud cheers. He spake an hour aad a effort wffwlll beat him out of sight.Be toduhjed to sat chmtion of to* time a govertment a a member of the State, end has half, dartojf which Mate the audience listened The stMaker then passed a fitting e•.'ogy upon Edward a aatarafl right to be a member of to* with marked attenirtB and interest. I cam*, Everett,and slhjdrrl to termsof coeamendatlontoha . torn waato bea*other_ State, aad that, in the language of the he nid. from the distant Stale of Tennessee,not shie antWer to toe miirepresantations concerning to* OatoftoeTatled Stotat.aad fiattend toe localprideor Declarationof IndepeoCence,allmenareboraequalaad n aa oracle or a hmder, aot n one BBBBBBW**, Ut.ted States bfEarlSrey. Heconcludedwitoflattor-intheTh.rdCongressional district,asdCharlesR.Train in the Eighth. JBtoby,Carter,t a bearers by deacaatiaf » too importance of taeor so I have inalirnahle rights to life, liberty sad the pursuit of happmers Some of the Stoles wen not established oa sjyoa midway bttweea to* twooceans. Oa*ormore thMprinciple. Theyweneatahltobed a longt.meago.gSeai tutes, he said, moat rtos h e n In the ratify of the aad asder aarmwasamwaa which prevented the adoptionMaatonppt Itmight ban beea,aadwaold banbeen'J oftoMprmdnto. FortoonStates,membenofoar CBwet who b a n been unable or even uawUiiag to adopt If bar people had bee* as win aa yoa an, that thaprinctpie,Ibanonlyto aaythatIleave them frn Ma) which lies opposite yoa on to* Miaaonri itnr. : to erjoy whatever ef happiness, and to attain whateversuperior intelligence and political eagaeitv.but simply as a print* citiren when fortaan and destinies arestill band• edwithyour*. Retiredfrompubliclifeformorethanton years I had hoped never to be compelled to emerge from mv private station • hut when I heard the raging of the billows of seciiona! strife and hatred. I thought that It wu thedutyaferery patriottorainhavoioe, however feeble it might be, in order to roan the attention and direct the thoughts of bis countrymen ererywhere toog predynie.nsrapthe success of the Union candidate*. After 1 vote of thanks to the speakers the meeting ad-RBODB ISLAND POLITICS. P.Clark, CoBhm,Pwmnxxcx,Oct4.1860. The Democratic Etastorsl Convention a n t here to-day,aad nominated Alexander Duncan u d Amass Bprsfue Cbosiy, electors at targe, u d Theodore P . Began aad SamuelBodmaa datnet aieeteiaj Downa, .da act know that to* Stats of Missouri will not yet be | of prosperity, toey can enjoy asd attain with their Byetea. B -. wuen t am called upon to establish a govern- the barortaxce and danger of the present crisis, (Ap-atteejpta b a n b e n mad* to induce the Ball-tion hi talk city to endorse a portion of to* The Democrat1c CoBgretsional Conrention of the Third Flagler,that gnat Skate, for than hi a hope, than is •asnia*ca» j ment far a aew State, then I demand the application of plause.) I come from the ' non-loving conservative menthat Mhswori wlB ultimately, taught by the matrnc- toe principles of the Decbaatioa of Independence— (ao- of the South, n aa amnaamdor of peace, bearing toetiea-yea a n gmag bar aad to* example yoa are setting ',, ptauee.—that every man ought to beend should be a iree olive branch to my hand to the Union conservative man. Society can b a n bat two forma by which the to- men of the North. I come not as tn alien, but n a friendbar, «* a f r n Stat*. She has sail as fertile, sk'ee aa , dj .-.dual can deiend nimseif from opprenioo. One is thai and brother. I know that, according to the inculcations ofdistrict of Near Jersey met at Samerrille to-aay, aad nominated W. 6. Steele by BaaaBBBwna.The Bell-Everett Convention of the aame datrict met at the same piece, u d resolved toat M w n inexpedent at the prennt time to make B nomination for Ormgreas.THEFLO »AELECTION.saarsrA, Ga.. Oct, 4,1860.Newell,Bepubiicans. oli democrats, 71 republicans ademocrats m italics.Than voting ia the negative were —'bf toe republican party. At toe recent meatlag and County Convention there were a great thrown oat and Mde adcuaatiems that at leastof then present were republicans to disguise. meeting rioted open charges w e n made that•icmwci* that *n ftmmdimg a aew Mate we saw tot ptrfeet States to believe that a slaveholder M a cannibal Do I were, n b Centrai Committee ef tha .National Union this American rnion. While ttUl he trcsted to toe fun tu'ert* oAweli ox the perfect right to estaslMa a BaarwamwJ look like a barbarian (Laughter.) Do I look Baas Clubs the head of the party hi the city, b a n since metaaaiBj, as those with which God has bleated any portion ; tome of the leaders of the republican party, you should cutArcuimrius,Jtatcataa,Burnt,CUes, Crocker Curvar,watc* paii Ou mmiktt teas act haai aad tefM M s at off your associations with Southern men and slareholdess. of the earth. That 9tota will ultimately be the gnateat. Oe last resort to defaut kimmlf and ait Hbeits. f* otherSt. John,A. amid,WM. Smite. Farias, Fnritnt,Watob, ITehKer,Republicans—8it b n been suggested in certain quarters toat The returns ton for rery limited, and to* result, Democrats in italics and licans in roman.•on respected,moatsswasaroaa, asoathooored State tn | Uthatweackputsintoat* JtowdtoetaOaf,ami fMakaato IknowthatSumnerandHelperhavesaidthatwearebar ieseryecsomeyIsdffmd *uraywttvetothebeBet ido bartons,andbantaughtthepeopleofNewYorkandotherhad tound theirway intothemeeting,and twnadvacatedtoseewintheirmmwater, for the creeks, rivers and wflk are almosteverywhere dried ap, you may form some est. time cf nu!!iae*tion in 1832, when the government wasestimation of too Ameri'jan people, (•.ppjansat ••Yoert w the thirty Srat of thaHy-tooT Suww of the I'atew administered wfta the great sagauity and deternvnationtheCbairmacJ and Dr. Newman secretory. Mr John Com-ment entrusted to men of known probity and humanity. The tbT«* coum.es bordertog oa toe Masouri river are notbyanymeansM>badlyoffatlooseintheinterior.In the former some (armeis retaliate on from a half to a auartercropofeuro,probably enough fortheirown,smallfightbetweentwoelectoralcandidate*inVirginia licobservation,aadonlyonrareoccasionswmpresentatmost a destructive as in the soutbern aad westerncutties. Captain Van Vieet, the Quartermaster of the > of bright eyed, bandausae yooag girta wareeriwd I'uiad State* Army at Fort Leavenworth, told me yester- a stage aad waiaoaaad toe Senator witt day that from the spiendii farm at the fort, from which the waring ef baaalrinhtoh, awraral of be bad cat last year 1.H0 toa* of timothy hay, ha had m ttw town wan fsuaas with oakl notcutonetonthisseason,sodfarmerscome tothefort M a i bridgeororwhichto*proceaUoa frtmoveronehundredmilt*datantetotellloadsofbay,tiliiasphsl arch, toatefully deaorated, aad For which they gel on!y M f or $12 The pictures, thare- tfrn the conservative men of Tennessee had strongly with bsaarra baartof apptoeriato saouoes. was erected - tote, given of the destitution to Emms fail tor short of opposed Next be spoke of Mr. Seward, who,bend, •f to* procsaaioa waa Itoed with aaaa aad , toe reality. We met yesterday, at oa* of the few weile was tead sad shoulders above any man in h a party inResolved, ThatUna committee approve of toe actios ofFriday sight tost having been a; -pointed for a dacu- sionbetweentheseveralelectorso(thadatrict,tbeyac cordinrty met ia Ashland Hall—L. H dandier for Bail. Major Wm. Lamb for Breckinridge, and General Geo. Blowof Wtoa Awaaas aad of Tuners, were oa foot. A •of to* totasr tanw himaasai of wHd where water a vet to be found, a farmer on ha way to That evattaa waa all to* m e n Leavenworth from a distant pari, and be informal us, .m such a thing waa aaswely nn without any evidence of emotion, that in hia neighbor-intellect. Mr Seward, be continued, changed his tan* after he eel out to speak on th* issues of the presentMr CBAJUHSR. ricisg from his seat u d approaching Mr.Lamb, m f —Mr Lamb, do I understand you u chargingme with having been a free sotler in Maasaciioseus ia pltrn. Upon one occasion s friend aaggested that be 1848, u d advocating the enUmento of that party?.by ham. The Hughes House, a rery mrae, ex- hood a woman and her five children had beea found iu campaign. He announced to toe people of CievetondOK* Or THE CLOSING tHArTKBAOF THI WIDg A'VAEE FABAPE. !Mr. LAST—Yes, sir.Mr. CH-UIDLEB—It's a damned lieMr. Laat—Do ycumean tony that I am a damned liar- Mr Ii:i.M'UE-Do you apply then charges to me Mr.LASS—Tn.sir,Ido. -Mr. CSABDtXE—'Then, air, you are a damned infernaleeaent hotel, to which be was escorted, was elaborately | their i.ibin dead of star:ation Aid for tUivirg"that rTaver) must be ameliorated and then aboiahed"(I dcu:t siv* his exact words, oaly the substance,, -andyen and 1 are the people te do it." Requests went outtohimfrrm republioais tothis*fleet—<-Don'ttalkSJbarahiy. we want to carry the State of New Turk, and,if you don't mind, your efforts will defeat Mr.Lincoln ' Then be cornea oat and m y s that to subscribe. Gee firm was asked to give ten dollars . Here the parties came into coiiaion Accounts differ ing one day in front of ttw Mat machine hi Fallot street,tan of the baiters which baagby toe citjaeas aad1otoars by Mr. Ssirchii' a aemocrat, aad by Ueae Be waa introduced to tha as-by' Mr. Martm, aad made a rtiy effective heaarrtog to the apaeagy made by Mr. Martin lor toe inadequacy o.' the reception, be said that toey might jwdse of what he hlmseif thoagat «f it whaahe-Jecmndto toonthat butc?t.»mc banallt|eim aress cf these taet ^a aad see* giro* tn oataer couauies t: aerediiary deepas. ' Ooear--'^^ w;to other demonatra- twea hi the toirltor* tail wag oaaJ."7,-,t,L (*Hbttaa fM one J Qw ''border ruffles.- towns ou the Z.?*"1 river —KIT ) Be sa.d he had trtol to avail all ia-i Je u-cairaiion,wt'.chonlyna^edtoa«hehmmisander a*«ed. tor toe earkl mfght think that in cotniag to tena- n t Le » m o to recen ^ hoaori, itiauaa of comiag t I earn euat w w aeoaasary to snahle U a is poiform L j ciaty to her -^*T—bettor than be had heretofore b tn ab!e to do.1iad,_sai4be,tfe<farrltoryofKABSB*asrichat. i not itohic toad, to i * aoil aad to >la eviiieoces dnty. any State with which I bare acq/miated. aad 1 hare already riiltea thirty- oa* of toe thirty four States of to* Union. la clhaate 1 know of ana* toa* some to be so deairaoia.It a s >w aaifcriaf— ta u s soutucrn aad westera socuti«a more especialtj—too priratama of want, faiimg rery baa vtiy oi its hrtest abtiter*, r?s«itiag from the absence ofr T*»forapartodofleaorbweeremoatoa. 1gooato. thecan act bt supplied a moment too soon.Hto eyes w n bright, with serulek flash. Heti.ocgnt' highly of Kossuth u s statesmu, but net u a soki.er In hawalksthroughthestreetsbegenerallytookagood deal of nottre of anything new, and always sacertained the principle of u y machine which he inspected. Stand-Mr.Beware!'a Kecea-tlom a n d Clevelaaa, Ohio.Speecha tIt appears that during the preparations for the great tv.de Awake drntonstraUoB, ail the business men who were sappcted to k* ta the republic tn ranks were askedMK. sSWAEh'S FMtrnCTIOirai fN BWAf.n TO THE PBE SieEfTIAL ELICTIOK—MISTASMB COBKECTBT>—BS- UEF FOB KANSAS SCPTIBMEa— THE SX.ATBRY yr:*j|- TION—IBTEBriJgW BBTT. KBN HX8BBS. DOU^LAH AKP 3A» A S S IK A SLBBTIKa CAB, STC., ETC, \CtavaxABO, Oct. 4^1380 SecatorSewardarri7edhenthis morningfromChics go, sad was escorted through the city by Wide Awakrein the afteraooB he spoke in t^rr? park to aa salience ef a COU^A of thODassd.alluded to the recent movements of Mr. Seward. I am desirlBg to atom it at once. Is this toe repubi can mode all description. Men who had lived for yean in friendlyHemuchdnired. whnfhere, to uasns seme govern meat charts, and Captain Sweetser introdund l i m to K W. Lincote, Jr., the present Mayor, ton ia lha.iaeof business, who at dice gratified toe rtattn cartata with a full series. Garibaldi retoked hto thanks, aad remarked to Captain Sweetser, "Newil feel rtoil none They wieter and tost spring be out sadered, will reclaim them from toea* wiidumam condition,jjMi liaant aad waat, to return to u o State sad foaad ther rnstrtotkms of freedom. Storery wul1rrrn^n£<?JTLZ ** »*=* a tola of suffjr.ntf aadl l h t r l rd*"- IMBtS T * ^ * * * * . * ' «' » ^ years thega*d toe edrtce * m L r ^ w i toj* *m ma ••* "*• 1 i ntoft IB Africa, when ha beiongs. Adapting1 mbo me^nsndcanM SMBtomas* reasarchss ia too Ternto^-.'.PTAa^K ISLAND POLITfcs. KiCBMftM) CaW-STT' AB6KMBLT KOnmATIONS.S » . i* " ^ ' ® *m*9*»»-u,appointshe are aallattog b y this dreadful visti *> take care that the emigrantprinciple, bet whitenone bat men—willfree men—prseilattry, eater toe Territortox.Beth parties haw made their nominations for tue Legis-u-r, we E*I, h u been invited to stay at B*me,jntuhto to wagad we should judge that both will be casdi- medecenps hav«whe wenmamtwhitot taAJbaay cheekIi is stated is to day's BBBAXB that ttw sua—tip Ars- go arrived yesterday at toa port simultonnusly with toe steamship Saxonto. whmb toft Scetoampum on toe prev.behadHeastdthat,fromhistearofoboarfBtiafleYer: reaaon to heiieye that Iflicbigan, Wlacoasia, Miand-•ota'tulBois' and Indmra w^'saf^, •»« ssaand the repuhhesn eaun at the coming flection; anu tt»* ^? ****of no Cm State a the Earn which then was my rewwnto bcliere doubifai. He corrected what he stated to man cf, New Tori, Now, I have na objection to then 0tjta City, Brfkk'ya and virfnity, to attend the democstrathat a patriotic Avea a; to be made by the greats totes be an erroneous report ta the Hwuu> of his' ronia*k lor-cigner, bat 1 eay that i prefer my own countrymen tosand members.•••ijk-OT A CANDIDATE., ilitba«r0biiuoi!y, whoso r.auie has bean used m connac-Buchanan Fillmore.Total voteRepublican majority over all:i:: 39,080 New York, where he put thje vessel in charge of the mateM et even-ing: at toe beadquartera ef the Uc ion Gestral Committee, your eo,u#j and bas pa* hVod DcugJais, a negro, cm hMsince acted v.ith electors in 185gmarked eown by the flgurers n sound for Weedt slate, kt itbewhatitwill. The tame between themMthere, fore plaji and easily understood.MOVEMENTSOFJUDGEDOUGLAS.CmoGO, Oct. 4,1*60. Baaator Dougas arriTOd a t ten o clock to night. tw* afterpTTgrommetime. Hewnmetatthedepo- by the Douglas Invineibka, to th* number of 2,000,<*adeacorted to the Tremont Boon, where ha w n wel»med heme by T. B. Tartar. Mr. Douglas briefly responded, ac knowledgiag the honor dose to him ia thM msgniflcentShe atones a t . a * viciaity of the Tresont weredenselycrowded,thenumberbeingestimatedattontofifteentheosuMr. Dougaa addreraes s m a n meeting of to* demo-tere cf an hoar past to* appelated usee when the Presi- dent called th* meeting to order, aad nominated fta> eta.moanBen. W;;iaBiAtxamiim, whontexaed thasha for theand perhaps be President of to* Catted Stalest Mat if aot,waat will *ou do with them? Sendthemback to Liberia? It yoa do, they will rehvpn atto Dtterbarbar irm. Ittoimposs-aloforustosettlethMquestion. Then ii we cannot settk it, why don't you tetrtalaaef Then are toato conservative men wh* ahtok that toeir ownud annulandhonor asd explained i a active part .-ipation bt teavea "Mill harmocin th* whole. But tha ia a moat pebiic affajrs at thia moment, by simply n - egTegioaa mistake, for there Is always adapasltion on toe marhmt toat he bad scarcely attended * po- partoftheptoptetoadmireextremeparttoana.IdonetwaMhaMaltJt»,.aDewtog, n MatMgaay aartaf a 1 of such exhibitka andBe* 3.A stringent towisemicn u d paaaedderthetitleof "Anaettoito increase the funds to atd ef to*station of Juvenile Delineraents ta the ctty ef Hew Yark, udtoeothm purpoaas," It prorlded that It ahonidaot h* Mwful to hold open w y place ef 1day, unlet* a Bsean 1Major of New York, and the snm ofper annum paid for that purpose, ton raakiag a mosopoiylifted in:uprovarkmethatbutfewpersonnamedtou- deratoBdtt. Car. —!•;'•••'•*'day ofaarch.andOBtoeaBdof tUsameibill w n reported to the Dnste by th*ritabtoud BaUgtanSocieties,aadn thefoUowtogdayraythai'theelectionofLineamwilldiasolvetheUnion,but I do say/that thM continued agitation of to* subject moat tveataiHy produce itamfluence on the Sooth, for den Bat the exhibition of each a demonstration n toe John Brown raid dixftae the spirit of retaliation into the mtoda of e r a conservative m n ? Ton ought or* to elect Lincoln. I would toy to you, "Now Arnold, dont da thM thlog."with me*ofmyown conservativepartyatewmonthsago when hemid,asif sult. I.would saytoaayrepublicans whomayban the hen eyed men,the yellow animatedbytoe*Bfiatneeofthefather*of the republic, heard me to night, " h It of such great import- BfTMftoad.ofIreland,ofScotland,ofFrance, agreetnationalconservativeUcicnpartysprangnptode- ance that f.iocom sball be elected? If he a of Germany, ef Italy Krer eta** toa oasttoeat wasdia- lta! toe enemy which marches aider the banner of republi- the retuft will be moat daastrons It would he impomi-cweantt oppress** to every torn baa beea drirtof them -inam The time had rome when the affairs of tha govern ble to predict to* coraeqwBces that would ensue. Cast cracy to-morrow. fromthemMadetoseekaoasesfortheir Bube*aeaae1aad meetcouldsotbeadministeredexceptbytheconservative youfreeunderaameotheradministration ton thatofEurope by want and privation some hundred years ago, expcsrng the in^amona mMrepresentotiou at toe North of "yes") He to devoted to the constitution aad theLETTEfe FBOit 8ENATOB OnTTHSDEN. * it had ite third reading aad paaaad by a vote af awns- LonsvniB, Oct. 4, 18*0. ton to five, five democrats ewttng ta tower ef it.•amtntal coaaUiqaa of a State and of a*Trepuoka, wuich '1 watcA saeil feeure earry msa n ait nofcti; or rwaser, I do cannibal—a man who could take the head and ansa of a and takeh actan apon the matter. Tbey ban a meeting The CciunibuE Times B despatch, dated Martanna 21, Dorey,M eoadrtiOESaretiatpiytoeaeaacartngtoereryman;aaytootwmamtoamt*aw*a*paaaVsearnsaawttotoenegroforbreakfast,andthebahtaceofhMbodytordia-onWednesdayeraniag,at6*4Broadway,GeneralLloydsaying—•'Florida damsoracyhareDonch, Wuare#-£o.•qoal and exact joatice,aad the fulleat opporticity for : Awatt cf erne—the baliot: orpm: into every man's hand, and cer - (Renewed laughter ) No, fellow citizens, I am presiding, u d adapted the following preamble aad resolu- the State." mat.toe improveaftent of bis own oonditioc aad the ©iera w4 wn» the kmutt if a fern, the buiiet, to that eaery ntea no barbarian. I come not from the leejee Islands—: tion — :j>tion of hi* own character by the tows aad custom* tha' thaU ht etmml before the law mAit power cw*edt«n. AU come from the heme of John Bell. (Loud chetia) rweOBdcratoad. InthiaJiaaactyourareahead|awnaiii'toi'hetmllat,ornoneailmemshallhatethecamefromthepacewherereposetheartmortalre-ofth*republicannomineesforlocalothoesin npredicatedbythem adopted by the Union City, OMntr asd Judi-nti.n new,therefore,oeit ,Thatrecordtoen<>ughto eg a party measureKcmlatocencca ofrttotetoefactcfu Garibaldi's Visit toOsttisf Mbawort, shead of Sabrasha, ahead of ijwa, ; bullet, or name. (Applaam ) * aad ahead of erery State inthe amerieaq Union.hf reasonofthegreat SnjJBtleesuffered,ujegreat| generalNveafterwardsaddresaedtheassemblage:—wrongs eadsred, and the g~eat reiolutipa asd * Let me add my testimony to that of (fovernor Sawardecurage with which yoa have oTerpoco* VsmsL a!? iaTeatioB to the calamity toat o n befalien Kansas. Iyreewoat in the Territories of the United states b i l ! have Kaaailv ftjuad that tales of suffering a n exaggerat-ire rest of the world a mere abstraction. Bt*. it has ieen . ed, sad was Dreparcd t e n s la Kansas a mach better stoleyour misfortune that your territory w w umie the the* I of toiaes than had beea represented. In that, however,tre of a conflict, the theatre of the trial at that -'im ' I was nustaken. The reality far «xceede anythug thatiireaUble conflict' —JTacghter and cheer«i—a coaiiot of ; has been Haptens, aay Uuns that I had imagined n to toemains of the II nstriota Jackson. (Cheers ) I address youtonight inthemidstofacanvass,upontoeresults bfwhichdepend,Iwilluotaaythecontinuanceofthis ftvernment, but upon the result of which may depend the fact whether that fraternity aad aUecticm shall con- tinue to exist that ought to exist between the membersof the ram* great confederacy. I took upon thM as the most important crisis that has ever ap- pealed in the history of the government, a 1 know, if the solution of tone question was -left toThatahacommitteeexpresslydissentsfrom ud doc* emoaatieally declare tost to* any sash nominees by the aaid Convention.MISCrklJLlXEOTfsPOUTTCALITEMS. Itatxina TOAxswn —It will herecollected tost, while Jadg* Dengaa w n delivering hM speech^n Norfolk, V a.,From the On the Stn or 9th ofmind wtto miad, TCUCO with TOice, rote with tote, of totni faiiarrsef toe crop. I rede across to* pralrjee fromb'jJhal SB***** bullet, and of cannon against eaaniu. Kat*aa -ity to usaawitomie. toence to Lawnace, thane* the people, the question would be decided aright Th • TheIt lag are the candidates nominatedfor Congren Mr. Douglas ssid be wouh answer the interrogatories if rerter of thrones, occupying Ob* attention of the entire(Ixud sad tuasnttooaa eaaartof ) Yoo bare acquired toe to Leaveawort h, and thence to AachaoB. aa aggregate da- people are anxious for a win, honest and patriotic govern- •daaation of freedom by practical experience. Yf- bare tance of over a CUBarea asd afty miln, sad am capable ment, but on ordinary occnicna when busy with do- the itart of all the other Statis If there is a peo:\-j in ' oi j;virg en opinion as to the extent of the calamity mestic and commercial affairs, they amy be pardoned forto toto dsjifict —Repoblioaa ., 1. : Mnzart ..;.; .4.. ..L...1 B-eckinri g e | . . . . | . , , . . . Tammanyf,.. ...£,,.Mr. Iamb would put ta* itme questions td Mr. Breckin- civilized worid. The signature at toe bottom of the ma- nifest at the Custom Boon to in aa elegaat hand, showing A. J Wirjiameon. ridge. This he promised to dp, and the questions were that in thie particular h a edacateon ta youto had not1 Benamia Wood. answered. In a speech delivered by Mr. Lamb, in Nor been neglected.aav part «f the world I ougist to cherish with nidiirtjg i Weil, then. toe ociy crop which waa not an entire failurehanding ever the government to the beads of their leaders. But on some occasions crisis arise when they rhculdtaketoeconductofaffairs into their own hands Thisiscueofthesecrisis Tonoughtnottotrustyour affairstoyourleaders. Manyofthemareambitious,and I am ?Mig«d to say that some of them are corrupt, Gen. Barrowthenreferredtctwoimportantepochsintoebis- tcry of the .country, which he said were next In importance to .the present canvass. The one was theJtmn C. Mather. BenjaminWood.folk, on theasth niu, he skid that he had fulfilled h a pro- mise,aadpropoundedthequestionsto Mr.Breckinridge whichhehadputtoJudge]Doagtos,buttoatMr.Breckin-ridge had declined answerjng them. The following are toeFrom an old merchant of this port, Captaia SWeetoer, (formerlyofthefirmofSweetsert Nortoa,) whowas introducedtoGaribaldi onthedayofhaantral,wasishacompanyforthe greaterportionofthetimeuntilhtod has since received from gleanaametemtoapaace*ofrespsct, with ttte wann«-st rrttnitde atd with toy fievp-to the teuihern aad western counties was e o n , and that wbi'^h!hadadopted,bwtfortheTta^ca'ioa atet>misfa ' tyBenetntocrecoonwn. Thegram on theprairies aTM* a:d so much cost of their behest rights under toe '• parched aid bursed, and though cattle appear to be inestinterest,ariqrediyftathepeopleofKinase,for,bat'willnotaverage oneooahaltotoeacre. Ofwheat,oats,lorthepractical tr*al they b&wttn tothe;sjstem puatcea,tunun<wotheresculentroom,thereMabaciute-,RSPf^UCANC0.NiiiiS98I0.NlLCONTklXTiOKS.- ForarTiy^srerc*>—to coasequecce of Dr. Watermaa,of theT«to|:wi«a&rndt, sd»enclnla«ib>g. a»enomination forthisdis-itipc. aaother meetiag of the delegaos was United States, wtll the Southern State* be justified in se city, and the petition of captain of the vessel was cn- called -.cater Seven delegates, from tlie Fourth, ceding from the Uoion? I dc-bted y scented by Garfbaidi u a temrorary occupa- Sixth.jDe: hi u d Penrteenth wards, assembled at N'o. 426 If they (the Southern States) secede from toe t nign, tk-n of his time. He couki speak Eaglfch in a broke1 Broome, s •ert, to Bfrm.neie a CongrsBemaii for toe Fourth upon the lnuguratiun of Aiiraiuun Lincoln, beioee be manner, but ccuid^at understand it fully aa delivered in Corgreni at datr-'t. The meet ins was organized at commits u o|vert act against their cons*.itational rights, speeches: and ss Capt. Sweetser understood Spanish, h a ejght 0' fXl Mr. Benjamin F. Bradford w u appointed will you adviie or vinuicatc resistance bv force to tneir acquaintance w n mite neSptobto to the covamaacer ofl»«, 1 for mtS ut i d»app«^zwd man, a false teacher m ' fodder. When to ai tiiia misery a added the absence ordeparture frcm this clty himaletterandpresent, interest it regard tn biswoeid h*re gr»e w> my| gooecooditiOB,there canbenohaysaved for winterquestions—teat, was oaerei him at toe previous meeting of If Abraham Lincoln sh'cfcld be elected President of Ua The Carmen was cons 1 to C L Bartiett, of totoNorth, and I have good authority4for I fallow bat theexample of the illustrious Jackson. (Cheers) He thenproceeded to speak of the great territorial gains ot theNorth,whiletheSouthbadnotobtainedafootofterrito supporttotheelectoral ticket headedwiththenamesof r- since the annexation of Texas tn 1846, which annexeastonished toat even the astute editor of the HIBA: n has cottaken apIke rabjeci. IamgadthatIcando itfor bim.eo that no man can charge me with having pla stariaed what Bennett has said. In the first pane.Mr. Seward bas n i d (I do not quote his exact words) '•thatof doing businesi aad to one ot toeir gdoaral orders th est theacquaintanceofali whowill BOBcontributeto toeir demonuathtasf Surely they cannot be hard un for lines.ntercoaire looked daggers at one nother, and a fierce partyconflictwaseverymoment dreaded. OneImpru- dent act—a blow—area the exhibition of a deadly wea- pon—might hare lit np a gam* of discord that could only hare beea quenched with blood.The affair ternsboated, however, without u y serums r>. suite, and Mr. Chandler proceeded to reply to h a antagouat in a more friendly spirit.KxrcBLiCAStoss is aUrsx.—The, rote in Maine a lt>»6best plaa is to depend BO longer upon the rich, but r.poa the pnr."Hereisareturntothatdangerous doctrine that he has promulgated before—the arraying c*«*cileo against section. He n y s further, " Hereafter 1 shaJhBb? r^y npflt » T countrymen" (t state the sub-ABBAJWESfXNTS FOB THE GRAITD MASS HEaTrTKG. The Committee eg Arrsngementa for -the grand mats meetingatCooperlusttute.forMondayeveninn-ne::tmet yesterday #t their headquarters, No, 751 Broadway, and n ade armgemeLti f— ^ ^ r> i B Orubs and L e a r n ofJfr. L'ncoln rent to inritation to the festival cation. The invitation tendedandlistenedtothe derstand but iitfle, but time for the banquet aidesire to return oa boarthMSweetser and Garibaldi an Mechanic Charitable Asso- accepted* Garibaiui a;drew, of which he eeuid u - charmed him. As toeGaribaldi I, andhe has eoae to the conclusion that theregard to his having beea urged to r e N the foreigecr in the establishment of any great work for>.109 ,"6Garibaldi unacubtedty received a good education x b ayouth, studying at the colleges ef tost country. He w uat Sprasfl*10 totorn from hM wanderdig to toe State of New York, and j thai he would not He mys that they are bet- decMred that what be dtd any waa, tost he had been ter ac'i'itinted with ffecrtcm. What those down-born in the year 1807, u d to. therefore, ho his fifty toird -j, ,. 24,861. yeartrodden men better acquainted with freedca than asked by weak, wavering of ill informed republican I the revolutionary mthers and their ancestorsfi .'r*CQUSTY POLIUQB.M07ABT BAlg. COeiCaaociOMAL COfVENTION.•.be Mozart ILtll Fifih District Conaresaiqaal Coavention mft yesterday evening at the "Gothic," jn Third stent, Wi..iamsbarg. i.»r the purpose of hearing tne report of a rrixiTencecom!-ittee-appointed at aprevious meeting toconfer with the New York Tammany and ilezart dc-legatost month—Republican.. Xeaiocratie..UnionTotalrote.Republican maajority over allRepublican iota in four yearsTwmsorv of Kaaaaa with-a leonea- toat hangs over and friends la the West whether, in view of the alarming re- Wty. after a while be and this man, Carl Shun (whobetter to go back, and had replied that he would not go back until Be bad reaaon tc apprehend that to* repuhii can majority 1B that State would fall below sixty thou- I Bead. [I am not aware that my report misrepresented Mr.r.-publicancevtrnment. Intoissamegreatspeech,speak- iBj? of the influence that the slave Stales have obtained in the free stain, he further says, " that the slave States have succeeded in demoralizing many of the free States by aggrasatiag their ambition and lust for cfflcei' bv g•ura them, a v s he, ••PresideLIS. SecretaryshipsLurcom's IDEA OFJtorranaos,.......122,367 16.5T3 SySWLiBcoln, more in a speeiheffsrsoau fjianid «ntering there, aa the asril himaalf would aro d eateriag Faredtot if to* gain wen opened Mr aim by St. Peter.'* (Lnurhtor.)times Hamcalcuaud to injure this government than a con uptaa in high plans (Cheers and tram of 'That'saf to* - T^*" * it hir the Whileto*trainwasdestinedforafewauauKs atLa-to speak of iniahna Liaaoto, wood;tirn with toe .^ffic*i*f City Judge, has come out in a card my country and yet William fl. Seward avows ia cur acfert^icg aniumBB refusing to be a candidate.The following a therote for Governor|at toe election*a (Md Abe, the rail sp! <ao;3bisg hosaea tor themaeivet, have been dimppoiated Mr, reward then spoke at tome teagth of toe condition of toreipn 11imwBBand*other distinguished posts." "Now,' burs was out/if tha question. After hearing therepoTt,a delivered iu S44. spoke of Thomasexharstauniltheirmeansania.;toe;rreaotiroeslaeeSev.ard,ordifferseveafromtoastatementofha.—RBJ\ianathatB*fasoutoatwouldbefavorabletoWU'iams-sa;- he, •when you fore'gners aid us in eattblahiug motion wasmaut- to proceed to baltot and nominate their thwgs .t Etnaas, aad suggested toe propr iety of having Ubertv on the whole Northwestern Territory. own man,-wh ch, after some discassion, w u carried.firoaa thew iabor uwraioa f* the sitp'j of I hose toat the tales which I hare beardthat lamms are tot actuaOf penatowlbr waat at *>aje of toe western cnjatiee of Kaa- be totd to Kansas at fair priets, and not oa speculation. by oner uf to them then great prizes for the gratificationaaa, I ban lath a. toa mmatoto snecsas o»vaur. svstem Jfaeverlifig to toe question of Slavery in the Territor-.es, he cf th. r »'•'-.bition.-" Now, a not taat a beantlful doe aed in toe prosptritr aad deeetopement of "toe trice to be a.-.ivanced aeaiBBt h a owe State of New Yorklows —rontienallv LuliBg about liberty, equtity u d the depreviaionsact: from Ohio and other Westera Sutes to •-, ou 'will be in a position to buy op the Two of the delegates retired from toe room, aad the ba- treat States of fenny inn a. New York and Cdnnacticit.*"traas, I n a n a for the mostpom**I af toe -tew of said, "The point which I do make a , toat LBthe Territo- to which hJ owes ali nil prominence and power'' It i Mr. W&kpt. almr binng made acquainted with his It may be that Jeaeraoa bas changed ha political santi- tost service w n en the coast of Califonto, just after thefcswssa is a Cellars, my whale life hoabvsious raasnii, that if ries of the United Stotrs. under its ftag, no man hap a n mnch as to say that you can be bought and aatd by theiiomaatfen.came into the room and adureased the Con- ments u d practices since Old Abe delivered that speech, riree of the Mexican war, where he ontrntad the dis-**»cre bat If rtnssa shall prove ahasucbceesas—waosrm tjafl a r jbt to take a stove, to settle or cotocze, oa toe ground w^-voaa Jshall stand redeemed at Mast in battary. tortoe KterasL I have take* In the **toaaatoaasat of ctvutsa toat he takes him then to be bought or said, but that turn o* toe beaks af toe Maaoori rinr upon the aVtosinnttcc.toankuig them for the honor conferred upon ud that the sage of Meeticell.; has flnaHy succeeded ta him, and promising that if eiected b e would do hto dutyyear equals Oerrtt Smith has admitted that they areelectoralticket. Whydmtyouputa niggeronyoor electoral ticketf What will yoa do with then people* Will you allow them to tit at your own table, marry poorinGeorgeLaws biggridironthatpeandtoeSautesuch speed last winter, sad M one of Law s rightmen in his opprenlve States Island ferry monopoly Atto a penalty ef fin SocietyforttwBM•MBindaay,prisctpallyforthap«rponoflisteningtos speech from General Washingtoa Barrow, of ^aahr-.lie,Teas, th* heme of Mf. Bell. M was nearly threa-qaar- daughters, govern yourSutes sit to year haPs of Congren all cf the Slate Conrationa of the republican party he a the nee of saidIt waa tent to toe Assembly n theeaaae day, and refer andotnetasamebendred yearslater,andsomehave,JSI thepeculiarinstitutionof theSouth,explainedtoeactual Union. 1havekaownhimfrominfancy. Hebnalways TheBulletin publishesatotteref Bon.JafanJ.Critten- red10toeCommitteen OttosasdYfflagu,aadontoe28toorth ctarge him with being a slaveholder aad' asssaBBMn of are,, Robinson, ," OnaadoaeijouTaaf.1.,;'1 AJfTHBI.Y COJfTENTlOKB.THTBD PfeTRicr—The repuo leans of the Third Assemblydistrict rrfct tost Bight at the Fifth Ward Hotei. and nominate'! Mr. WBiiam H ^etston a.? Assemblyman for this district.and npe, u d supply him with s lantern? He further says even bis sailer* would hare Jumped overboard to obey that he le nop "under the necessity of returning to his him. His personal appearance at tha*. time a teas de-' «HE DEMOCKATIC GENERAL COMMITTEEmet toat evening at Tammany Hail, Elijah F. Purdy m the chair. Afterthemualroutinebusinesswastransacted the rolkiwmj resolution w n ananimoualy adopted 1—any targe assemblage of people. He walked the streets m a contemplative mood, and be ton bad a very large cor- 1 eepecdence with hto patriot friends to Italy, aad those whohadbeenexpatiated forpoliticalwon,andwere then residf nts of this country, and w u doubtless brood- ing over the plana since realised for tha redemption ofuce of to* great sad patriotic movement;to unite all toe opponents Hof toe elect Km of Abraham Lincoln to favor of one ticket, and that w e wiii g i n our earnest aad untiringGreene C. Branson and' Heaun J. Redueld. and the State ticketht*4euwiththenamesofWilliamKellyforGo vernor, aim William C. Crane for Liautenaat Governor.Several foembera of the ccmm.ttee addressed the meet- ing in support of the above resolution, the utmost har- mony preraiiinir,.throughout the meeting.',trict w u a Maraacbuntts free soiler in 1848, u d took the etnmp u d made f r n soil speecne*.depend open it that Italy will make a etroeger mbrt tou she h n ever mare before to regain her independence. ' He never spoke ef hto own achwvements ta tbestruggtos of 1848, u d hto heroic mevements at Rome and other^^TM•ansa*in a separate republic;' Then yea would b a n to treatthem aiyeawwaid yourahlldrea. aadtoooaalderuem didate on toat ticketi n imrted the bill to the Hone oa the 18th of April, a d aa from toe Union, be said, than submit to the effensi ve rule prennt craa. Mr. Crittndm daaUan speaking, hut the next day, according to tha ratal, was referred to awho w e n exitef—all exfiea mad* by oppression, people of the free *tates Srnaer would the Sooth retire Sjblicaaf of tha North, while the pabpto af th*npentlttaa aad tyraanj to Europa. We an afone famiH*, race aad kindred, all h e n to the par- of the black rep*hi can party. (Appiaam.) Slavery w pledges'to the tnterett« of toe South. Is aot thM the wrtteB:.^suit et hepatoma all map tog to improre our condit o&— conlrt aot be abolished until toe Sootii ehcae to abolish it, best evi ience that be holds a middle ground - He paced If 1 wen * voter in the State of Indiana, aad believedall seekjtg to elevate oar character. . My sympatti.ee and the usehss tirade against it oaly embittered to | a high staadan! before him He bas followed the example there w n no probability that ami could carry toe Statehave gone with this clam of mas. My efforts have been, ccaditkio, wh It it wouhl sot shorten its •xatenc*. > •et by Washingtot) and Jefamon aad other fatbere of the by it.= poputar rote, then I would anhnitatinrty give myas they most alwaj a be, to My open before them the -ast He read extracts from republican souroee, show- republic- in one of hM speeches John Bell nid, "I trust rote for Mr. Dongas; and I should do torn thinking that It rtgieaa uf this continent, to the end that we may esta- ing the inceneary tentiments cf repubtnanism, that the'day will soon eome w a n soma great man and thereby I perfotaaed my duty n a tree Cams man, and Wwtah,ination thereby of u y lupprntor of Lincolnwould he fraught wito evil to the n a n of certain questions in regar i to what should be done in c a n Peruvian bark Carmentorett, aat only ia tha city, bat aao throughout THTHB COJiGRHSfilONAL DISTRICT.hi ttw pear 1*63. the red at thM part wito a cargo Her BBaBBBaBsnr w n no H,thes a simple captaia ot a trading vessel, now 1 ttw hen af Daly, aad ttw rab-might be in duger of toeing his neck. »•rhe osly regret with me.'' he nid. smiling, "to, that I bare but one nee* to lore for the take of Italy."the , Tiestioo it settled,'' and 'tint the Ter- somewhat as to which struck first. The blows seemed to he failed at first to perceive the principle, but chuging ri'ories are gene over to freedom." In bis hut towards da'ray tag the expense* of the jeompwy from 1 -..ose nearest to the spot to bare been almost simulta- his position, he discoveredfit,when he remarked, "How Breech be aatd, "the contest w n ended and the victory Portland, Maine; u d upon refusing, a merchant in Soutn neous. The friends of 00tn the.gentlemen rushed to the simrle. and yet bow iog*uieut.,Jgamed. ' I picked ap a paper on the Albany cars, which street mat a note anmedtotely for a statement of account, stand, and a shene of excitement ensuei which beggarsfore present at the entertainment. toesro£««hMtreat***.».Fellowantoaas.'-.ho\iioc*£mclubsialonehaveenro^doverfortythou-Fremont.. .6TJST1'HeremainedherebutaJewweeks,whanheto."tforstaace^, ' but I shall rely'dpon r*e « « • and tn- *w f «B M ffor President a m u follows .—Lincoln w n elected wen pat to bim by Major WiUiam ii-. the Breckinridge 4lector for the Norfolk datrict.taken on board at toloy, lest a person than 6. 6aAwakes in Keokuk, Iowa, n y s he is too poor and "cannbi anord to attend.' Won't somebody buy the old Judge a capliar.letter declining u invitation t o turn o u t withjthe WideThe state rnTt* made at the tost city dinner, that Gar - baJdi w u at one time present at a Fourth cf July dinner atFancuilBall,mustbeincorrect,n hewuin this city but only or. one occasion', tne taw weeks ho September, ISIS, above stated. IObtitotavry.UBTT: JOES B- BAXX, C. 8. K.Died si the Asylum ia Phitadelpha. oa ttw » - a ait ,in the forty-fifih year of {hto age, Lieutenant John B Ball, of the United States Navy. Lieutenant Hall entered iheservicein1882. BeWuexaagedforamsyyears, honorably and creditably to htamlf, n daty to th* Coast f u m y , u l when the United Statu anrveylng brigthe tiimoo* of ihatXnveutiaa. ries. nut Hall, u secoad a command, by ha nerve asd sea macsbip was enabled to bring her safely toto port. Hist.ona. The^"ommitt"e rrported that they could not agree,%familarlr knoWtahirfton'wu raps zed at an, en toe l e y of Septem- lance proceeded to baiiot. Mr. U D. Wynaat. being the rrau^r^cnrfe tof stovery. Jeftenon brought hto own chil- ber. 184*, *hereby her cpmamnder, LHatnsat George on:•- candidate, received eight votes, -aid w u declared S S to uTJaamer, and made money |f hia wbauch* D. Bache, and serenten of the crew wan Mat, Uente-tore*ner that he n y s will ocenpy then Nortoweaterntorriiortos, even to the hactnc ocean. Then M hto doc-trine Now, teikrw citizens, I hsre no antra tointerfere to Stat* ailairs, but it a admittedfrom ailquarters that then'bn beea a systemoi corruption in toe last legislature of the Slate off e w York, which probably cosrincad Mr. Beward thatyour teopte could be bought and nid. from what I harebearu there w u a worse system of stovery is the hat Lega. Jiure toes ever existed, because It w n th* pureaanandstoveryofwhilemenbywhiteaa.(Cheers.)You latureenS^tenlatand,asdarenowCairlypittedagainst presentative.aadexGorcrsorBoutwc1.Bothwanttoe anday.theformersteamerbrtogtagaew*uptotoe19U» nay talk what yon please aboat slavery to th* loath, hot each rthiiV The npmeniative of that oouaty tost wm- Bominatioa, aad from th* fierenns in whteh ttw ccnC.ct ult. How, sir, M It posatoie that toeSuoaa brought let me areare you toat Southern siavery a a tnouasadana look «,rli to tbr interests of WUiariiaburg. It a an- getting upon the btoek republtou platformease of which be dad.Nsw Toax, Oct 4,1$«0.Lned n papers of the 19sh If sh* toft n the lath ofSap- tember - The saxonto toft Soattwnptos aheat two boora before the Arago toft CoWn Beads, u d am red berefoflyiBTOBtArr IsTEixiosstB —The bltcs'S rspnbHcans coo* three hours before the1 Arago to a coantuaien. General Barrew Thedes?Scxacyhave nominated Nathan Dane EUlng ess*theelectionofHairyD.Foster,the*democrat,:can• shoutcachoar..») 1would like to pome toa subject further, but 1 tryjowl sph certain pruament htohy ontamn.the totter FNUntitled Documentcity, m e pie of this StateBaworth,RepablK-aml a a d a y. 3,325 •lid embarked for Italy, where he h n stow remained.m toe 1Mb of April, wtthtotc Qoatoa.repnbti- *f syawsmtoTaan h-T*!-- a m ^*"»MatBigbt.SenatorDeogin,whohadbenaddress-Eag,amagahoatfifty-fiveyearsofage,apremi- Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069didBte,"forGorernora»Pennr:svua.Panrngarofaux.sbyIwww.fultonhistory.com 