 uUoh iu •*ret t* tar****e-Itho OjnO Tied 0W» #oe-ri'ofw OSM»oon- rute Wo low warwoina- ia-eefcde- *>t jre ta- l i&*.. ©f id-leWashington.r• i•n•Davis, when a proper time comes to show wherein the hitter has outraged the requisitions of the Code to which he appealedin one point of his interruption of jlr. Van Wyck. The latter insists that theonus of affront is on Mr. Davis.THE TEXAS REGIMENT.Mr . Wigjafl, who has been so earnest in pressinghis Texas Regiment bill, was put on the gridironM e x i c a n N e w s .MELOY'S STATION, Taesday, March 13, 1860.*Mr. KELLOGG—Then they'd do a good thing. than useless. For instance, the troops at Fort whenever any person is sued in any Federal Court by of the Union, on the bill making appropriations for the TLaughter.] He now produced a letter from Mr.•testimony taken by Mr. Blair can be considered. THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS.There is a fair prospect that Kansas win be ad- mitted this session, under the Wyandot Constitu- tion,THE REMOVAL OF TROOPS.By an wrder of the War Department, troops are being removed from points where they are of actual service to positions where they cannot be otherwiseThis was discussed at Bome length by Messrs. IVER- SON (Dem., Ga.V, BA Y ARD, MALLOKY, GRIMES (Rep., Iowa), BROWN (Dem., Miss.), and others, when Mr. DOOLirTLE withdrew it-Mr. FVERSON moved to amend the fourth section by inserting the words "thereafter to be," so that it would read., " that the sum' due shall be paid out of any general appropriation thereafter to be made by law for the payment and satisfaction of private claims," &c. Rejected.Mr. DOOLITTLE renewed his amendment, which was rejected.loan $21,000,000 to redeem treasury notes; and he re- peated that it should be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. McQUEEN said the necessity for an increase of taiifrhas paseed away.Greelev, to aid the consultation.Mr. Kellogg's hour here expired, but as he had not got more than half through, he was permitted to go on.He reneated, he had -ehown that Greeley favored and endeavored to secure the reelection of Senator'•ber of the Select Committee on the Pacific Railroad. On motion of Mr. SCOTT (Ad. Dem., CaL), the Mili- tary Committee were discharged from the further con- sideration of the subject which was referred to thatCommittee.Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (Ad. Dem., O.) moved thatthe House take up his motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill introduced by him to increase the appro- priation among the militia was referred to the Commit- tee on Militia. He addressed the House at some length in support of the measure to increase the appropriation to $600,000. He spoke of the jealousy of standing ar- mies in the early history of the Republic, and of the care taken to fosier the militia. He quoted the Con- atitutional provision, declaring that " a well regulated **militia is necessary to the security of a free State," and alluded to the earliest recommendations made by Washington, Adams, Jefferson, and other Presidents, in behalf of the militia, showing the inefficiency oY the act of 1792. He did not ask Congress to do its whole duty in organizing, arming and disciplining the S t i a , but it w w as Irttfe as they could do to provide SSsVequipments, etc. He contradicted the action of C W r e i m regard to the regular army and militia forpria^dX*them?Utia, 'and iSwoMojO foj-thearmy knew of what transpired in relation to the coalitionwho was represented as saying that Douglas was a The dwelling of Humphrey Owens, a few miles J j£oad, and extending to toe Hudson River, compriang- man who would bring such an influence that would north of Salem, Ohio, was destroyed by fire this morn- 7Q . ^ d g^^, ^ a w a l e r font 0 f 345 feet, Willii *•/.iing. Five children perished^ in the flames.Fire at East Saginaw*be sold at the Merchants' Exchange at 1 o'clock to— day....Itisreported thatanewfiUibuetermovement in this city is quietly, but effectively, organizing forv4)who has laid the whole subject before thethe judge.>*A- ,i0!'whether the bill does not contemplate the abrogation of the present mail service..are of age, and can sneak for themselves.Mr. CLARK—-Had they a conversation in yourwas originally made, it was promptly met by both Douglas and Greeley, and these denials are part of the proceedings of the House. At that time his colleague, Mr. Logan, said Mr. Kellogg could find some scribblerTreasurer aforesaio, which licenses shall be in writing, and shall specify the place licensed, and the time when the tame shall ex- pire.fKC. 3. In case any such manager or proprietor, at aforesaid, shall open or advertise, or threaten or attem at, or do any act ea- tabiishing an intention to open any place in aald city for any•He supposed the rule requiring all general appropriation bills to be reported within thirty days, means in the regular order of business.Mr. V ANCE made a point of order. The gentleman could riot proceed except by general consent. For aught he cared Douglas and the Republicans might tear their eyes out. . . .^Charleston. hotel keepers and others are charging enormous prices for board and rooms. It is calou- lated that the Convention will sit at least six days, and tae prices per day are reported to vary from erven to ten and fifteen dollars. Beport says theNational Committee are seriously considering the subject of changing the place of meeting.•Speoisi Dispatch to The N. Y . Tribune.contract It may be that Mr. Barterfield will be the lowest bidder.for a term of six months or leas, the said Mayor it hereby ttttrnra— Mr. COLFAX—Judge Douglas and I never had a colleague, he would not have refused his vote. On the ized to commute for a turn less than 8500, but in no case feat than conversation on that subject. If there was such a con- contrary, he would have said " Well done," and taken $250 for a theater, or $150 for any other of the aforesaid exhibi-' .New-Orleans, was burned this morning on Lake gation last Sunday, that, including a sum con***t".^.. «»--:loried in the valor and achievements of our gallant present at the conversation between Messrs. Donglae them to urge his election. He then read Mr. Blair's gthe subject.••vCovode had signified his witfin^sess to make the state-ji***mMif.do-e*meta»foU*n*iWASHINGTON,Tuesday,March13,1860. THE COTJRT OF CLAIM8.with Great-Britain, .from The ChicagoJournal,signed,"H.Wherein." , ,Abfil,^k>ffin£ SundayamusemenWwaspassef ^hewriterrecitestheconversationwithDouglss,who bytoeSenateCnthc7'th ofMarch. TheSen^ today itisrepresented,made'theimpressiontbat he was all adopteda resoiuW11 requesting its return from to*TOECEKSVS.of February. Guards of America. They ought to be encouraged.Information has been received at the State Depart- Congress ought not to compel the States to bear the he desired to see him defeated, but it was only justiceXheCSanrtaBnxeanw preparing instructions toMr.Kelloggisalargemanwithapowerfulvoice,doing something to improve the condition of the com-The Mobile Theater, the Union Cotton Press, with 2,000balesofcotton,andseveraladjoiningbuildings, actionisnowpending. weredestroyedbyfirethismorning. Thelossisesti- SEC.6.Thisactshalltakeeffectimmediately. matedat$275,000.1 im^w^^w^i >w *•"•" "" •'—vs***—^*"*****••::, •'•••. mm\•.14,1860.SF r o m A J U M U B WALBASY, Tueedayy Mitch 13,186«,j Pnbbc opinion is represented to be vary favorable to then on the eve of war Itheproject;andasth<^RussianGovernmentrecognizechallenged.\?t A? .monjailinWashingtonCity. Hesaidhehadvisitedandspokewith effect His demonstration was thatjail,andfounditnothingmorenorlessthanamere tionforthemails. .Th'iBtobebytheauthorityofthemore particularly aimed at Mr. Greeley, and at human sty, and since the Senate had undertaken to Deputy Postmaster, with the consent of the Postmaster sendacitizenthereitwas its dutytomake it fit for General. Thebillisnottobeeonstruedsoastointer-The Hungarian.MONTREAL, Tuesday, March 13,1869. Mr. Allan, of toe Canadian Steamship Company, says that the report that CapL Smith, late of the In-Judge Douglas as a candidate before the Charles- ton Convention. The House never allows any member to speak over one hour on any question ofhuman beings to live in. fere with the legitimate business of city dispatch com-IheCHAiR announced the Homestead Bill as the panies.special order. Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) said this bill does nbt••• • - —T b e C a l i f o r n i a O v e r l a n d M a i l .ST. Lor/is, Tneeday, March 13 1860. The California Overland Mail of the 20th ult.MT. CHANDLER (Rep., Mich.) made an ineffectual protect the United States, but was an attempt to pro-public affairs; but when it comes to personalities attempt to call up the St. Clair Flats Appropriation tect communities from being swindled by scoundrels. witness as that produced.diun, was acting first officer of the Hungarian, is note- reached here to-night, bringing the following dispatch, true. Mr. Hardie wa8 her first officer.the role is relaxed, and members are permitted to go on without restraint.NEWSP APER SUSPENSION.Captain Smith is in the North Briton.T n e n U s s o u r i R a i l r o a d * .ST. Louis, Tuesday, March 13, I860.The Railroad bill, appropriating $1,480,000 to th* Pacific, $900,000 to toe Iron Mountain, and$750,000 to - the South East Branch of the Pacific Kailroad, paseed the House this afternoon—making a total addition toand political conversations at toe House of Mr. Doug- Charleston Convention. Primary elections have tion of $1 000,000 to the North Missouri Road is not las, and, after this, he knew. THE TRIBUNE favored toe already been held in six of the largest counties, in- included in this bill. This leaves upward of $1,000,00$Mr. BA Y ARD (Dem.; DeL) hoped the bill in refer- The next number of The National Era will con- enceto the Court of Claims, which had been partiallytain a notice announcing its suspension after two discussed, would be disposed of first.Mr. GwIN would give way for that bill.more numbers are issued. Mrs. Bailey has been re- Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) hoped the Homesteadluctantly compelled to take this step in consequence Bill would not be postponed after the remark of Mr.of the paper ceasing to be a paying concern, and be- Gwin; for it was evident that he wanted to kill the Homestead Bill, and was willing to take up anythingcause s> majority of the House refused to follow the else first.invariable custom of all parties, and give its print- Mr. GWIN explained that it was desirable to finishone thing at a time, and if the Court of Claims bill had iB&patronage to the journal*of its own party in precedence he was willing to yield to it.Washington. Mr. BAYARD urged the importance of finishing his bilL. By Telegraph to Fresno City.SAN FKANCISCO, Taesday, Feb. 21—4 p. m.MR. DA VIS AND THE CODE. Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tenn.) advocated the claims Mr. Van Wyck intends to reply to Reuben of the Homestead bill, but said, as the House bill hadto Charleston. Judge McCaudless, of the United States Circtrft The expected duel at Yreka has been compromised Court, delivered an elaborate opinion to-day, in the».-come over, and been referred to the Committee on Public Lands, who would have a meeting on Thurs- day nooning, perhaps it would be better to wait until then, and have both bills before the Senate together for their consideration.After further discussion on priority of business, the Homestead bill was postponed till Thursday next, and made the special order for that day—Yeas, 31; Nays, 23.On moticn of Mr. BA Y ARD, the Senate took up the bill to amend the aet for the establishment of the Court of Claims.again to-day by another postponement of his favoritemeasure. He finds the Jordan of legislation a hard amendment was adopted, that in all cases within thepurview of this act, in which a judgment of said Court road to travel. has been rendered in favor of a claimant, the same MR. FESSENDEN ON THE HYATT CASE. ehall be paid in comity with the provisions of the fifth section of this act; unlets in cases involving a larger / Mr. Fessenden's argument in the Hyatt case is Bom than $3,000, and the Solicitor of the United States shall carry the same by appeal to the Supreme Court withinsixmonthsafterthepassage of thisact,whichsition? what was the motive of the consultation; why did Republican Senators meet Mr. Douglas at his house, and why were both parties satisfied ?Mr. LOGA2Xagainasked whether Rainey was not an enemy of Douglas 1 •A line of stages commenced running to-day between Placerville and Carson Valley.There is no change in the markets since yesterday.. ;—«S»spoken of in the highest terms by Senators. „ THE MISSOURI CONTESTED SEAT CASE.he did, to show that the young men of the country. . . .: •>—;From Brazos.The House Committee on Elections, upon appli- ... cation of counsel for Mr. Barrett, whose seat is con- tested by Mr. Blair, have granted them until Thurs-terests of Pennsylvania.Mr. SHERMAN said it was required by the rulesthat toe Committee of Ways and Means report all the general appropriation bills within thirty days from theasked, looking to the future ?VOICES-Whowasit? Name him.Mr. KELLOGG replied—Mr. Burlingame, a nameDemocracy delights to honor. [Laughter.] They had•!day to prepare their preliminary motion before the priation is made by Congress therefor.ascertained the position of the Douglas men. They commencement of the session. The bill proposes to bad been with them, in companyjwith their high priestthe capital, and Gen. Wall had done the same at New-York University, and Wm. Curtis Noyes, L L D .Guadahstjara. Marquez was arrested, but had escaped. of the Law Committee of the Council, on ThursdayA million dollar conducta was on its way from Zaca- evening. Mr. Noyes's subject is, " The Rules of L a wshall be satisfied that such balance is due, the .Court theTerritoryofNew-MexicoandtheStateofMis- shallissuea-certificate oftheamountsofounddue, souri. They have been withdrawn and ordered to which shall be paid on presentation of the certificate atAnton CMcho, a locality through which there is no the Treasury. Rejected.Mr. HARLAN submitted as an amendment, thattravel; Five companies have been ordered from the provisions of the second and third sections of theof misrepresentation and studied premeditated, libel on theSouth,andhisimputationsasmeanlyandwickedly false. He defended Georgia and the South from the charges made against them.Greeley remarked; "The Republicans made a great mistakeinnottakingupDouglasastheircandidate." Van Ash was indignant, and told him they did not de-Utah to Fort Garland, in the northern part of New- Mexico, where there is nothing to protectTHE PRINTING CORRUPTION.The House Committee on public expenditures had a. meeting to-day, and examined John Lar- eomb, Wanders financial clerk, who testified how much money was paid out of the public printing receipts in 1868, to return J . Glancy Jones and others to Congress. Mr. Hunt, Superintendent of Public Printing, was also exaanned, and gave his opinion that a Government Printing-office oughtto be established" by Congress.SENATOR DAVIS'S RESOLUTIONS.Jeff. Davis's Senatorial resolutions are soon to fa called up again, not so much for their passage as io give Senators a chance to make their record tpon them before the Charleston Convention noxni- •ation. His colleague, Mr. Brown, intends to por- fte Ms demonstrations against the resolutions in a decisive manner. The resolutions are regarded as Ur. Davis's bid for tfee Presiaency. This fact ex-cess Mr. Brown'sjealousy and trnculence.act to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the United States, approved February 26,1853, be applicable to all cases of claims that may be prosecuted against the UnitedStatesin'theCourtofClaims. Adopted.The bill was then passed by Yeas 34, Nays 15. The Military Academy Bill was taken up. Adjourned.lainous attack on him. by THE NEW-YORK TRIBUNE.5» tb« AMocUbxI Tim*.WASBISOTO-H, Tuesday, March 13,1800. fif^ vears &a«> 1808, $10,400,000 have been appro-A private letter from St. Petersburg says that the project Jot a telegraph, prepoeed by the American Consul to the Amoor country, P . McD. Collins, ««q., &WEQ Moscow to San Fraoeitco, has been presented to tts Director in-Chief of Ways of Communication, Gen.Then we had seventeen States, now thirty-three.. Tnen seven millions of people, now more than thirty mil lions. The army then numbered three thousand two hundred men; now it numbers seventeen thousandwith the Republicans of Illinois and Missouri,Mr. COLFAX «marked that, as to what he should state of any interview, his own eelf-respect should befirst quotesKellogg'B charge that Greeley was in con- The steamship Nova 8cotian. from St. John's, New- sultation with Douglas in his own parlor,- planningaad foundland, arrived here at 9J o'clock this evening. scheming for his reflection, and adds that the oh*rge The steamship North American will eail for liver- is utterly false. He miuntained that Greeley's letter pool en Saturday.discharged on Saturday, orders having been given to employ no more until the the fate of the Appropriate* .&* bill before the Legislature. »«§ known.'Iff,.:*'X«# Hi .'.V-.'SV.' 7vW.'*>*.*^* *'^.'^ ;. !••-•<<-:<•.'.,,;&**&:•<}. ••>,*^ 1'*'...<*sI• . .'•*-.•'•".!X<i .',-. •! •••> i » ••••.i'4*:•r* m•:::.-.•-.••.•••' ft !•'..•'.fc^L£0<5&HNot Ibest mode by which to unite Ewrope to America. receivenomorehowthan itdidfortyyearsago. He whines*. •.| thelinetotheAmoor,it would reallyeeem'tobeithei $3,<){w,W^;!jnew£&costs*fW^^M&^vMtteThe Serate spf nt the day on the Court of Claims,a bill giviDg it final jurisdiction ** pP distance is about five thousand miles—all, with a very for the military academy and for nuutary academies Mri Blair's retura to Congress; 'fact that Deugias ?cas in communication with the Re- he has no right to return the bill, as it has passed hotkorer $3,000.THE HOMESTEAD BOX.smsjlftaction,by land; If,however, submerged cables establifihed.and supported by the several States. Hepublicans, and took S7*ch apposition as might induceM*toes,.wTtooutatieast a concurrentrresOhr&« re- WstiDghrmtodoso. Bills have been returned a* the request of one House only, but only when the JBS-' I The Homestead bill waa not taken up in the Sen-shall be used where practicable, the distance will be very much reduced. ^ KM-Mr* COLFAX said two members of Congress were; fins year i» $1,500,000. It will probably reach bark for Vera Cruz." It is considered important he at lesst to give their consent that the States should results to himeelf.Mr. KELLOGG—Was not his position on the Slav- more so to the Democratic party. In short^accordine have expired, and every person aiding in such exhibition, aatl':reported intention of the Miramon party to blockade Kennedy to complete the returns, if possible, as that port, which will certainly be resisted on the part•very owner or lessee of any building, part of a baUdfwj, gardsnv to the evidence, he has been unfaithful to whigs and ground, concert-room, or other room or place, who ahaU lease as Republicans, and stands between the two, fired at by let out the same for the purpose of any tnoh exhibition- or per- to reconsider. Mr.. KELLOGG—-Were you not the bearer of a dis- both asa pirate. His object was to exalt himself be- formance, or assent that the tame be used for any such parpostv except aa permitted by such license, and wfthotit such Hoonst* bavi».g been previously obtained, if the same shall he ased for tuchpurpbte, shad be guilty of a misdemeanor, and la additlota$2,000,000. It is the purpose of Superintendent should reach there as soon as possible, in view of the keep troops and ehips-of-war in time of peace. ery question discussed ?early as the first of October, which will be ample time for Congress to enact an Apportionment law earfynext session.of the United States.Col. Pornev says the rumor that Mr. Bovnton hasabsconded wfth a'portion of the funds of the" House of Repretentatives is not true. Not a dollar of the money intrusted to the Clerk ever reached his bauds.Mr. VAXLAND1GHAM then withdre w his motion " Mr. COLFAX—Not to my recollection.Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.) called up the bill inviting patch from Mr. Blair relative to the former's election yond his merits. Be was inTHE attLANE MISSION.> The steamer Brooklyn has arrived at Norfolk,and the eoomander telegraphs the Navy Depart- have succeeded in effecting arrangements to constructment that he wiB.be ready to sail on Thursday. a ltne to California, provided Congress shall authorize cept the bids,Illinois to make ten or a dozen speeches against Mr,He would climb around the statue of Douglas to showa contract forthe Government business for ten vears Minister McLane and CoL Pickett will leave here at the low price of $50,000 per year. We may" nowMr. REGAN (Dem., Texas) said the effect would beto break the existing contracts and inflict injustice" house, under his own roof, my Eelf-respect forbids " me from alluding to them, except at his demand." I have statedthat if there was a conversation bet *reentheretofore obtained by any manager, proprietor, owner, orlaw* was in "the azure sky. His march was irresistible, to we corns«iiUng to. cautdng, or allowing, or letting any part of'mfinal triumph, and no feeble effort could stay it. His buildiug for the.purpose of such exhibition or performance. * colleague repeats the same charges made two months Ssc. 2. The said Mayor it hereby authorized to grant Uoenot*i»mnow for Norfolk. Mr. McLane is furnished <with instructions to govern him in the event of any istpoxtant emergency.look for some practical reeuits to the Government and the public growing out of this effort to construct a line to the Pacrnc. The authors of some articles, which have appeared in different papers to defeat the object, are notified that the bi'l affords no surplus profits to divide among that class of claimants, and all applica-clined.XXXVITHCONGRESS. FD2ST SESSION*SENATE....WASHINGTON March 13,1860. The CHAIR presented a meesage from the Presi- dent, in answer to the resolution calling for copies ofupon alargeportion of the people.Mr. COLFAX replied that it did not strike down a Mr. Blair and myself, Mr. Blair was in the city, and ago, with variations. The charge is, that Greeley and permitting any such exhibition or performance, onany and ah daywTOO HIGH LIVING FOR DEMOCRATS.Democrats are a good deal exercised because the tions for such purposes have been and will be de- which has yet three or four years to run.:••W ASHINGTON, Tuesday, March 13,1860. MR. EEULOGG'S SPEECH.States Commissioner.Also, a communication from the Acting Treasurer of Committee, reported a bill to establish mail routes in be expected I should now do BO. not the men to agree onanything. They regard everyMr. Kellogg of Illinois spoke two hours to-day on Mr . Greeley's and the Bepublican's proposed coali- tion with Mr. Douglas during the progress of the Leeomptoncontest. Hecollatedvariousprivate letters and extracts from newspapers to show that eertsan leading Republicans, among them Senator Wilson, Mr. BurHngame, and others recommended toe HHnois Republicans to support Mr. Douglas in ins rebellion against the administration of Mr. Bu- chanan. Ha also introduced, written and verbal statements to show that Mr. Douglass aimed to get the support of the Republicans in his Senatorial contest by promising, substantially, to turn Repub-lican.Mr. KELLOGG, resuming, said he had demon- question from different stand-points. The one is a strsted the fact that Greeley and Douglas came to practical man, and the other an abstractionist; one the bast fiscal year. for the election of Deputy Postmasters by the people. gether, and that Greeley went to Douglas's, leaning was a Democrat, the other a Red Republican of the sans-culottcs school. He knew something of the contest in Illinois. The Republicans aTrayedagainstDouglas. Moneywassentfrom abroad, as well as orators, with a view of securing his defeat, but he triumphed on the strength of his princi- ples. He branded all such calumnies with one general remark—they came from an enemy who has been scared with nis Damascus blade, and now smarts with mortification. Douglas triumphed, not with the aid of Greeley and the Republican party, but in spite ofMr. ADAMS (S. Am., Ky.), from the Poet-Office the United States, with copies of the accounts of Kansas. Passed.I desired the defeat of Mr. Douglas, it cannot certainly unfounded and absurd. Douglas and Greeley werehis disbursements for the Post-Office Department forHe also made an adverse report on the bill providingwhich failed to reach the agent of the AssociatedPresB Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) moved to postpone the spe- neets. No act of Congress was necessary.; most luminous exposition of law. [Laughter.] The at Meloy's station on the arrival of the mail there yes-bill. It was for the police ot New-York to break up such Mr. KELLOGG was obliged to his colleague for hiscial order, to take up the West Point Appropriation bill.Mr. COLFAX replied that those bogus offices, de- J extract read stopped Greeley from charging his (Kel- fraud the United States by gathering up letters and logg's) statements as untrue. He next produced a let- sending them some other way than by mail. . ter dated " Peoiia, Jan. 2,N1860," in which the writerMr. BRANCH said the law was already sufficient —G. W. Rainey—says, in reply to a letter from Mr.terday.On motion of Mr. MALLORY (Dem., Fla.) anA Texas mail rider was killed and scalped near mente being now in progress to consummate the enter- him at Peoria. The two different political elements Jackeonborongh, Texas, by the Camanches on the 9th prise. -. .Tbe application to open Ninety-sixth street toappeal he is hereby authorized to make.Mr. DOOLITTLE (Rep., Wis.) moved to insert a proviso that in all cases where the amount allowed to the claimant shall exceed the sum of $20,000, the same shall not be paid or be payable until a specific appro-Mr. McQUEEN replied it was of equal importancetothefarmersoftheSouththattheyshouldnot bead- wereexhortedtostandby Douglas,and to keep the ditionally taxed for the benefit of the iron and coal in- whiteness of their souls. Was not that, Mr. Kellogg'NEW-ORLEANS, Taesday, March 13,1860. The steamship Arizona has arrived with Brazosdates of the 10th inst., and $152,000 in specie.All was quiet at Brownsville. .Marque/- had pronounced in favor of Santa Anna atportance to the country than any Appropriation bill, representative from Massachusetts, here, came out and and he would object to the introduction oi any Appro- proclaimed Douglas.priation bill HO long as gentlemen on the other side object to that.A blacksmith in the employ of the Overland MailCompany was killed near Fort Chabanne by the Leonard of the Supreme Court, and John Wheeler.The SPEAKER, in reply to a question of Mr. STEV-ENS (Rep., Penn.), said the Committee of Ways andMeans have no privileges over any other committee. Douglas.tecas to Matamoras.• . •L a t e r f r o m H a v a n a . CHARLESTON, Tuesday, March 13, 1860.The steamship Isabel has arrived from Havana 10th inst., via Key West. "Among the passengers axe the Maretzek opera troupe and Guiflott V. Elroy, in charge of the Marshal at Key West, en route to the Penitentiary at Washing- ton, having been convicted of being accessory to the murder of Capt. Morantes.There is no news of inteiest from Key West.Governing the Use of Light." These lectures are open to the public. The annual commencement* of the Law Department takes place on Tues- day evening next, when twenty-four stu- dents will receive the degree of LL.BLThe ice crop for the Winter has been harvested,and at Rhinebeck, Rockland Lake, Highland Lake,EBopus, Kings Creek, and other points on the NortlaRiver, the ice-houses are filled. The quality is good,Company have in store some 175,000 tuns, and other companiesalikeproportion,whichiscalculatedto> insure a plentiful supply to all classes, at prices rang-Mr. SHERMAN moved, arid the House agreed to re- solve itself into a Committee of toe Whole on the StateMr. HALE (Rep., N. H ) moved an amendment thattoe United States, he shall have leave to file an onset, payment of the consular and diplomatic expenses. Van Ash, one of the editors of Tfie Illinois Stale Jour-the ice ranging from 9 to 14 inches in thickness, while~ T "TTii|III I ""*'^*""^'TM"31ABCHe>Tr t f f ^ r w from The Chicago Journal, signee*>was no enemy to a standing army; hevwas its friend, Mfr KELLOGG—I called on, him. to answer as to right ,/JS. the ;Slavery question in toe Republican. From the mouth of the Amoor to 8an Francisco the and for its increased efficiency in every way.- He was ajy jwnyeraatibn between hinr and Mr. Douglas as to view. J^r. Kellogg said the letter disclosed the Governor, but toe Geysrnor is understood to hnrfd thai-YORK JXiDL^-TRffiUKE,T Siberian Committee, because, as bee project is to-afftJC* four hundred. .The ntilitia then numbered 636,000; J Mr. McCLERNAND (Dem., El.)—I hope the ge*T I entirely refutes that of Douglas by a a fair censtrue-WUDWESDAlf;I Siberia, it must pass through or trade? t&ir sanction. now it amounts to 2,700,000 men. Ttk$ army cost tleman will reply, as he has been challengoedfc. J tton of langoase. He produced a pubHsbed lettertHe army, but he remembered that there were brave and Greeley, namely: Clark B. Cochrane arid himeelf letter, in whioh Blair said he was invited to an inter-be made by submerged cables, but Mr. Collins adheres men and soldiers outside of that army, and that for de-. JMx, Greeley was here on business of the nature of view with Douglas, and tbatthtf message camethrough turn was required for some desirable amendment.Persons hifh in authoritv think that the line shouldate to-day,Irat assigned for Thurtdaynext. It is tohisprojectedlandroute viaBehring'sStraits,or as feneeagainstforeign and domesticfoeswe mustrely which he was not informed. Mr. Cochrane, he Mr.Colfax,and wasnevertreateda?aprivatematter. •rSenator 8pmola, mthe eventof a refusal by ffo after all mainly on. the militia and volunteers. He thought, suggested calling upon Mr. Douglas. They Mr. Kellogg said Mr. Covode had seated to Mm that Governor to return the bill, will introduce a bill for ito •^ t h o u g h t i t will paw that body. near to that point as may be, and to the least possibh thought it was high time something should be done went there with Mr. Greeley. The interview was Mr. Douglas came into the hall and asked him to go to 4 repeal. . —»MAIL CONTRACTS. use of submerged cables, looking to cheapness, readi- for the citizen soldiery of the country, at short, and nothing transpired that could not be said on Trnmbulfand induce him to persuade the Republteaus Trie following is the-'WH, as passed both Houses andThe Poet-Offiee Department will not renew con- ness of repair, and security againtt loss of submerged least for arming and equipping them. Since Congress the street. Nothing, to his kno fledge, was said about of Illinois to consent to his retarn to the Senate, that sent to tbe Governor: •<•:"cables. The surveys are going on in Siberia, on the could not organize and dwcipline them to advantage, the Senatorial election in Illinois. To the best of his he would remain here and fight the Administration, An ACT to amend an act entitled «*A^ .-* JU »_^« n -tracts with mail carriers to California which expire paxtof the Russian Government. Capt. Romanoff, ofon the 1st of July* w**3 Congress takes action on the Engineers, who was dispatched last Summer to OUfiht to provide arms. Some of the 8tates have in- the Leeompton Constitution, then pending before Con- Republican battles m I860. Mr. Covode had to'd Irin ">n the City of Ne«r-York, and for other s w o i w t "• ••The Government has been informed that the steamer increased to three millions, the appropriation still re- The lowest estimate of the cost of taking the census Brooklyn at Norfolk is no w ready for sea. Minister mained at $200,000—the Hame as fifty years ago. He McLane wi'l probably leave here on Thursday to em- thought if Congrees wonld do nothing now, they oughtand had imposed that burden upon the States, they knowledge and belief, the onlv subject referred to was and that he was yet a voung man, and would fight the^ ^ Tsurvey the line east of Irkutsk, most probablyreturned troduced the system of volunteers, enlisted for a period gress, toe necessity for its rejection, and the means by to St. Petersburg to make his report during the month of years. These in time would become the National which its success could be averted. Mr. Douglas was(Kellogg) specifically what Mr Ddoglas said, and Mr* » The People of the State of Nev>- York, repre^ei^his political eneaay, and if nominated for the Presidency ment from Havana of the publication of a Royal entire expense. If the United States could not organ- to nun that he Should bear this testimony. AnotherbnUdiog. garden, groniuU, eoaeert room, or other Toom erofedw Mr. McCLERNAND (Dem., EL) replied—His col- within the City and Cotisrty of Nevr-York^aaTiotorSnd* t/»g»dycomedy, opera, ballet, piay, farce, coacert, wrro aAuBtnler.the »*r*haJ» **>d wwrtanta in taking the census. order confirnung the decree of the Governor-General ize and discipline the militia, they ought at least to subjectwas introduced, the rise,of real estate in Chi- Ifague was stark mad, not with much learning, but negxe, or other dancing, OTany other entenatooaeirt <* the at***, of Cuba, dated October, 1859, relating to the exemp- arm them. The public armories have been established with vindictive passion'. He would make himself no- or any part or pert* therein, or any musical, eqaestr/n, diena, ID* •lumberof Commerce in New-York have cago,buthepresumeditwasunnecessarytosayany- torious,ashewasunabletomakehimselffamous. ordramaticperformance,oxanyper/onnsaoeoijcggl***,acro- tion from tonnage duty of vessels wholly laden with or enlarged for that purpose. He quoted from Jeffer- thing about that. [Laughter, and cries of " Oh no!"J Like the man who burned the temple of Ephesus, or bat* OT rope dancinf, nnJeM permitted by - Mnrnio faocofor.thatspecialattentionbegiventocommercial livecattle,poultryofallkinds,orhens'eggs;also, son'sMessageof180btoshowthattheintentionwasto Mr.KELLOGG^—Inthatconventionwerenotpolitics iitapedHhereinafter provide*,andwhichshallfhrthatebaskbut they are not deemed of much import- the opening of the port of Batabano solelyfor the com- ibeepthe supply of arms equal to the yearly increase another man, John Bro wn, moved with such fanat- obtained from the Mayor of aald city, aa hereinafter pro-Internal commerce will be carefully taken.on the Slavery question defined ?Mr. COLFAX—He said he intended to resist theLeeompton Constitution to the bitter endj regardless offolly. What was his dilemma? He was denounced hibition or performance, who shall neglect to take oat •nch Uoenae, or content to, cause or allow say •oohby Gieeley as not being a good Republican, exhibition or performance, or any oiagle onoof then* to be ibut only a Whig with a slight varnish. except at peno/itted by sacb licennc, and without firmt procarfajc obnoxious to the Republicans and Whigs, he was ftill the tame, «r a renewal thereof, in cats any former lieente shaftmerce in these articles. of the militia; but instead oi that, while the militia had generally discussed, and the position of Mr. Douglas cism, bis.colleague had become too victim of his own vided } and every manager or proprietor ot tmj Molt ex-Kellogg, that, whenlie (Rainey) was in Washington,the week .previous, he was informed by a prominentThe Republican State Convention meets at Sacra- mento to-morrow. It is beloved that Seward dele- gates will be elected to the Chicago Convention.^—W^^J^SMftWJ^..•a,.)ii....jiyyu. ~^~->-r'~'^-~i.>»r"••:.»•» ;»T...proposals for carrying the Pacific and Atlantic Mailson a eingle line. .He said in March last the cost of theOverland Mail service was $2,200,000, but the Poet-maeter-General reduced it to $1,300,000. The Com- Douglas. At several places Buchanan men sent up himself, as the creeper around the oak, and cling to tion of Juvenile delinquents in said city are hereby authorised.The bill does not bind the Postmaster-General to ac-single mail route, but simply invited proposals.lffMr.- BRIGGS (Am., N. Y.) inquired whether it didtherefore it would be better to call on him than on me. Mr. KELLOGG—I wonder if that is satisfactory. Mr. CLARK (Dem., Mo.)—Was there a conversa-ofthe w eek except the first day ofthe week, called Sunday, foe any/ Douglas schemed for the election of the latter to the term, of one year or lest, such term to expire on some first day of Senate. What if Greeley did offer his support ? May or November, on the payment, by the person to whom thm must it follow that Douglas should treat him with in- same It granted, of $500 to the Treasurer of the Society for thenot interfere with Mr. Butterfield's overhand contract,Mr. COLFAX replied that would remain for Mr. presence ?Hindman and others to do. The design is to materially improve and cheapen mail service.Mr. COLFAX—They had not. ' • . . . • ;as Senator from Missouri ?Mr. COLFAX—In October, 1858, I went over to" A atrange dilemma—in a desperate eaae; To act with infamy, or quit the place."to tbe punishment provided therefor by law, shall ho sobiaotod to a penalty of $560, which penalty the Society for the Reforma-The North American Telegraph Association have mittee on Post*Office believe that the entire daily mail written questions to me, asking whether I was the In the name or the people of this State, to prosecute, too foe,mma.been in session in this city for several days. Tney can be carried in twenty days for IOBS than $ 1,400,000.the ship, as the barnacle, to be carried to seas other- recover for the use of said society, in addition to which vrvtj bearer of a message. To this I responded at Decatur, wise beyond his reach. He (McCiernand) would ex- sucb exhibition or performance not permitted to be tioonaod em Jacksonville, and other places, as i do now, namely: hort hiin to forbear his crusade against Douglas, who herein provided, shal] of itself, forfeit, vacate, and annul and roa.-"Whatever conversations took place in Mr. Douglas's was beyond his malice, like the e,agle, whose flight der void and of no effect, any llcena* whtch shall have boosttion between you (Colfax) and Mr. Douglas on toe dignation. Such wouldnot have been the conduct of Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents, In the City of New-Yorib. Mr. COLFAX replied. It does not abrogate any subject of the election in Missouri ? his colleogue. Had a Democrat offered to vote for his for the use of said Society; but in case such license bo granteesMr.HENDMAN(Dem.,Ark.)wishedtoknow versationbetweenMesirs.DouglasandBlair,they offhishatandmadeaprofoundbow.Whenthecharge tion*orperformances,tobepaidinthesamemannertotbeto protect the Government against the frauds of pri- vate individuals.The bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio), from the Committee of Ways and Means, asked leaye to report a bill pro- viding for the redemption of the outstanding Treasury Notes, and authorizing a loan, and regulating and fix- ing duties on impostB, and other purposes.Mr. COBB (Dem., Ala.) objected.Mr. SHERMAN said all he wanted to do was to send the bill to toe Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union for future consideration, and that iu the meantime its provisions could be understood by everybody.Mr. McOUEEN (Dem., S. C.) objected.Mr. S H L R M A N said if the objections were persisted in, the Committee of Ways and Means could not be called for two months. The privilege of the Commit- tee to report the General Appropriation bills has never before been denied. If such objections were not inter- posed, all the General Appropriation bills can be pasted before the meeting of the Charleston Conven- tion.Mr. McQUEEN would object to any bill proposing an increased tariftj to additionally burden his constitu- ents.Mr. CAMPBELL (Rep.. Pa.) said he was impressedwith the belief that the bill first offered is of more im- met night and day, and what were „the results 1 A of March. the Harlem River, was granted yesterday by Judge*reflection of Douglas.Several voices—" Who is Rainey ?"Mr. KELLOGG—'He Is tne Poetmastcr of Peoria,appointed by toe President. . /Mr. LOGAN (Dem., UL) asked whether /he was nota bitter enemy of Douglas ?Mr. KELLOGG replied that he would soon silencecluding San Francisco and Sacramento. A large ma- in the Treasury as a sinking fund for the payment of jority of the delegates thus far elected are in opposi- the State debt. *tion to Weller and the chivalry wing of the Democ- •racy, and friendly to Latham, rendering it probable T h e A l l e g h a n y Co. (Pa.) B o n d Cases. that Latham and bis friends will control toe delegation PITTSBURGH, Tuesday, March 13, I860.that small battery. He now came to the third propo- without the parties fighting.At Havana, Sugars were dull and prices easier.and if, upon the trial, it shall be ascertained that a Mr. LOVE (Dem., Ga.) characterized the remarks of nal, in which the writer Bays he had a conversation Molasses was arriving freely, and clayed commanded 4"24$ it is also sound and very clear. The KnickerbockerUnion, in New-Mexico, afford the only protectionto the important and much traveled route between balance is due him. ana the Judge who tried the cause Mr. Van Wyck, delivered on a former day, as a tissue. with Greeley in the bitter's office in_August, '58, whenreab, and Muscovado VcC6\ reals per keg.Freights had slightly advanced.Exchange onLondon60days.IZi'd/lSkpremium;onNew-• ••.-. . >;;> i••-.' 'pi •m»wthe party. Whereupon Greeley said another party period of the session, he referred to the vile and vil- would arise, &c. He read another letter, dated 26thMr. KELLOGG (Rep., 111.) remarked that at an earlvsLOSt.of the "Madison-square Presbyterian Church, made mDecember last, from Mr . P o w e l l , Superintend- He then said that Mr. Greeley was again and again, ent of Public Schools in Blinois, in which he with other Republicans, in consultation in the parlor says, pending toe Leeompton bill in the Spring ofJudgeDouglas,planningandscheming for the re- of '58. he saw several letters addressed to election of Mr. Douglas to the Senate. He now sought Republicans of Illinois commending the course of the floor for the purpose of making good the statement Douglas, and urging, both from motives of policy arid by the production of proofs and arguments. He as- strict justice, toey should unite in returning Douglas sumed that Mr. Douglas was a candidate, and was to the Senate. There were a number ot letters in known to be one, and that he was doubly desirous of which Greeley expressed similar views. He read anNEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday, MarchT3,1860. earnest an appeal for the American Board of Cow*The steamer Judge Porter, from Montgomery for missionora for Foreign Missions to his oongro-HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. Hindman (Ark.) is appointed an additional mem reflection to the Senate, because of his peculiar posi- extract, as copied into The Cincinnati Enquirer, F i v e C h i l d r e n B n r n e d to B e a t h .ment on this floor.Mr. KELLOGG—Did he not make a request that against Douglas. So it had proved from what Mr. such exhibition or performance without first having obtained s. Mr. Blair would come, in reference to the subject ? Kellogg had read. Was not the prediction verified 7 license therefor, as in above provided, or except at permitted (nr 'After further proceedings, Mr. REAGAN ineffectu-the dispatches from the United States Minister in ally moved to table the bill, which was subsequently . Mr. COLFAX—If my self-respect in Illinois re- How much more honorable it would have been for his said license and this act, it shall and may be lawful for the aaulChina, and the instructions to Peter Parker, the United passed.strained me from repeatingprivate conversations when colleague to withdraw the charge. The charge wasSociety for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents, in the City of New-York to apply to any Judge of the Supreme Court, or of the Superior Court of the City ofNewrYork, or of the Court o f Common Pleas for said city, (or, and to obtain from such Judgay an injunction to restrain the opening thereof, except as permitted. by this act, and also until toey shall have complied with the i quisitionstieieof in obtaining such license, where the attempt shall he to open such place without each license, and shall *also complied with soch order, as to costs and expenses of tools, proceedings, aa the s<dd Judge may deem just and proper to make, which Injunction may be allowed in an action, to bo broughtIneitheroffaiicourts,intbenameofsaidsociety,in. tbe same manner as injunctions are now usually allowed by tho practice of tbe courts. In any such action for an injunction, tht> court in which such action is brought shall order the paynaNsi, im addition to costs, of a sum not exceeding $200, on account ot that expenses of procuring such injur ction.Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.), from the Committee on Laidon tie table. on a friend at each side. Men playing cards would, Foreign Relations, reported bills for the relief of John Mr. COLFAX, from the Post Office Committee, re- he supposed, call them right and left "bowers." He H.WheelerandTownsendHarris. ported'abillforthesuppressionofunlawfulcollection didnot,however,knowwhetherhewasrightintheMr. TOOMBS (Dem., Va.) introduced a bill to es- and delivery of letters. . He said First Assistant Post- use of these terms. [Laughter, and cries of "That's tablish a uniform law on the subject of bankruptcies master King recently formed a bogus establishment in toe nahie,''"You're right!''] Douglas wanted to de- throughout the United States. Referred. New-York, with the words " Post Office " displaved feat the Administration, and so did his RepublicanMr. WILSON (Rep., Mass.) submitted a resolution on signs, in order to fleece the people of money. The friends. He was just dying out from the Senate, andinstructing the Committee on Foreign Relations to in- bill now reported was drawn up at the Post Office De- quire and report whether the treaty with Great Britain partment, and provides that it snail not be lawful for for the suppression of the African slave-trade has been any persons, except those appointed for the purpose executed, and whether any further legislation is neces-unless he could Becurehis reelection he was over- whelmed. Greeley and Douglas had an object. The Republicans wanted ko beat toe Democ- racy, and Douglas wanted to beat the Administration. Douglas wanted the Republicans to stand by him, shoulder to shoulder, and sustain him in the fight. He (K*llogg) did not suppose there was a positive promise, but that it was understood they had a common basis of action, and could-strike out together in their future action. He then re id a quotation from a Washington letter in THE N. Y. TRIBUNE, embodied in a communi- cationtoTneWashingtonUnion,August,1858,signed ''Korth-WeSt."andwhichextractwastothiseffect: "TheRepublicanSenatorsheldaconsultationwito " Judge Douglas, which was satisfactory to both'•parties."Mr. FOUKE (Dem., 111.) inquired whether his col- league had tried to get the information from Republi- can Senators, and spoke as to the credibility of such athem. -The Committee rose at 6 o'clock. The House adjourned.J L a r g e F i r e i n M o b i l e . MOBILE, Ala., Taesday, March 13, 1860.bxc. 4. Any injunction allowed under this act may be served by posting the same upon the outer door of tbe building wherein, such exhibitions may be proposed to be ho;d,or if the samebe in a garden or grounds, then by posting the same at, or on, or near tbe entrance way to any such place or exhibition, and in.sary by way of amendment to existing laws for themore effectual suppression thereof. Objected to by veyance to a post office, or put up or inscribe the wordMr. TOOMBS, and laid over.such exhibition, it stall not be necessary to prove the personal service of the injonction, but the service hereinbefore provided shall be deemed and held sufficient.SBC. 5. The first five sections of the act entitled " An act te> amend an act entitled ' An act to cieate-a fund In aid of the So- ciety for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents in the City of New-Yoik, and for other purposes,' passed February L 1839,'» areherebyrepealed,exceptingastothoseoasesinwhichanyPost Office, or United States Mail, &c. Persons found •guilty shall forfeit five hundred dollars, and their as- sistants one hundred dollars—thia to be paid for every- District of Columbia to consider the expediency of day the offense is renewed or repeated. This is not to effeet the proprietors of hotels, or storekeepers nearest thepostcifice,whomayputupboxeswiththeinscrip-On motion of Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.), a resolu- tion was adopted instructing the Committee on theunder the existing law, to establish or keep a post orch picase ot any proceeding against the manager or proprietor of anyletter office for the reception of letters, or their con-The Democratic State Convention will meet at Sac-Democrat that Senator Wilson, and other Republicans,during the Leeompton contest, had frequent private xaroento on the 29th inst., to elect delegates to toe tbe State debt of $3,130,000. The previous appropria-case of Dobbin, a citizen of Mary/and, agt. the County of Alleghany, one of the bond cases, overrulingthe mo- tion to set aside the execution, and directing toe TJ. S. Marshal to proceed with the sale of the County stocks in the Alleghany Valley and Connellflville Railroads.Mr. LOGAN—Have yen colluded with Rainey ?Mr. KELLOGG—No. When he was in this city, he intimated these facts to me. After he left, I wrote toMr. KELLOGG replied that Rainey is a violentpolitician, toe editor of a Democratic paper, the headof the Democratic party, and the Postmaster of Peroia. at ten o'clock this evening. 0 . P . Hovey, A. P . violinist, has been engaged at Barnum's Museum for He belongs to the Administration, or Buchanan De- WilkeSj and W. A. Davidson came passengers en four days only, and will perforin afternoon and even- mocracy. •VOICES—Name him; who was it ?Camanches on the day before the extra mail coach He would read front the gentleman's speech, which passed.Win. £ . Robinson, and James Brush, were appointed Commissioners...-Seven-eighths of the ship Albiest, A2,550tuns,built in Norway in 1849, were sold yesterday at auction to E. Evans, for $27,700....Thtr schooner W. C. Cogswell, was sold by auction to 0« P. Cort, for $6,150 Prof. Peter Y. Cutler, lecture* this evening before the the Law Department of tho>An extra overland mail coach, arrived at this stationMINOR CITT ITEMS.—Senor Olivera, the famooa'••ftmrnin iroute for.Washington. They report the roads in ex- ing A line of telegraph connecting Staten Island cellent condition. They left £1 Paso on the 29th Feb-ruary. with New-York, ia about to be established, arrango--York, li'S'lJ premium; on New-Orleana, 8{®4| premium.sire • success on such terms, and would not demoralize Steamboat Burned, and Ten JLives ing lower than ever before The Rev. Dr. Adamsproperty, on Eleventh avenue, between Seventy-fourth . tion toward the Democratic party on the Leeompton Democratic organ, from toe speech of Abram Lincoln, CLEVELAND, Ohio, Tuesday, March 13,1860. and Seventy-eixth streets,_near toe Bloomingttakhquestion, and that a conference of his friends was held on the subject.Mr. LOGAN (Dem., HL) reminded his colleague that such a statement was made on the floor at the time, but was denied by Judge Marshall, his (Mr. Logan's) predecessor, and was wholly untrue and false.Mr. KELLOGG replied that he was on the very point of saying a denial was made, as he had no dispo- tition to enter into any difficulty. He then read Mr. Greeley's letter denying the charge heretofore made by him (Mr. Kellogg), in which Mr. Greeley said, among other things, that he and Mr. Douglas had dealt hard blows, but he trusted honest ones, and that while he detested Mr. Douglas's doctrines, he liked his pluck. Mr. Greeley admitted that he went to Mr. Douglas's house on several occasions, but, happily, in company with witnesses. Who, Mr. Kellogg asked, sent for Mr. Greeley 7Mr. LARRABEE (Dem., Wis.) mfluired whether Bri^bam Young of 8alt Lake City did not send for Greeley.Mr. KELLOGG said what he had uttered was only a drop in the bucket—but one link in too long chain of evidence. He called on Mr. Colfax to state all heenable him to play the devil at Charleston./ [Laugh tor.] He next read a letter from Mr. Pangborne, of Massachusetts, who stated that Senator Wilsonand other Republicans had expressed themselves in favor of the reelection of Douglas to the Senate, and that many New-Englanders were from then-representationsinduced to believe that Douglas had resolved to quantity of flour and grain, was burnedj>n Saturday abandon the Democrats and join the Republican party. night. Loss about $30,000. Insured for $25,000.Ponchartrain,amilefromherwharf. Hererevrweresaved, but ten passengers were drowned, or are tributed during the previous week, $11,000 was col*missing. Her cargo consisting of 800 bales of cotton, lected...-John Mitchel lectures on the Emperor{Na** together with the boat, is a total loss. There is a par- poleon at the Cooper Institute to-morrow evening.... tial insurance. The reinainder of Mr. Pelatiah Perit's homestead..BUFF ALO, Tuesday, March 13,1860.The large steam flouring mill at East Saginaw, operations on the Rio Grande frontier, " The projectowned by JesBe Hovt of New-York City, with a largeis intended to have a political as well as military re- sult, and if everything succeeds according to calcula- tion, the long talked of Republic of the Sierra Madro, in twelve months from date, will be something moraMr. Pangborne remembered Wilson frequently re-marking that he knew Mr. Douglas was all right, andintended to act with the Republicans, and t/hat Illinoishad committed a fatal mistake in rmining Lincoln andnot lupporfang Douglasi The other gentlemen con-curred with Wilson but Pangborne thought the Repub- Pennsylvania Railroad, has been appointed ^ice-Presi- operating agencies in most of the large towns ar*, i licans of Massachusetts distrusted Wilson's judgment. dentTof the Company, vice Foater, deceased. cities on the Mississippi, as well as here., The Mexi xata Mr. Kellcgg said there was some significance in this . •- «»letter, which required more than ordinary attention. Arrival of European Steamers. leaders have plenty of money, and are to raise f^OOa # He had proved, that Wilson was in consultation with BOSTON, Tuesday, March 13t I860. men, of whom New-York is expected to rahuoaa- Douglas at the latter'a house, and that after The Royal Mail steamship America, from Liverpool fourth, to be sent forward to the specified reaAeavous>; the consultation a member of their House via Halifax, arrived at this port this evening. fi8r in parties of one hundred each. So the story goes. - *A made a speech in favor of Douglas. He now mails go forward to morrow morning, and will be dueturned to another branch of too subject, and read from in New-York at 5 p. m. _ The whole force of men employed on toe Cecfcral Park Douglas's letter to McClemand, to which Douglas PORTLAND, Me., Tuesday, March 13, I860, on Saturday last was 160, and a portion of these wer*>• •(•-h••.«w>•',#A'3Pennsylvania Bailroad. , •PmLADELrHiA, Tuesday, March W, l a w - than a myth." The headquarters of the movement, Mr. Thomas A. Scott, late Superintendent of the are understood to be in New-Orleans, but it has oo-*- .-..)'••SamU mm* '•'•> •;• Sice. L It »hannotbe lawful to exhibit to the robUe la w r •i<rmo-s*"'.„.. S&l •,-••:" i .VUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•fiaaSBwww.fultonhistory.com 