PI:Iupon In the way of theatricals, we have been treatedItquite sufficient,.-4_^<£ii^:isu•' •jii, itat MBpabUihenwOlda-volumes.The Budget Cl^kd, ihj ^An.; AjflROMTOirllUltra-MHltoMlgatioB CompanyaM db iMmtker Semffr,-i-i^njmilfclylHii nnm favorites:bonnets and there is ;proceedings Treasury.'''" ';LittUNell, fromfest of the Munichartlsta,andailprtedtethe^btaveinits.'_..'moonlight.lovely lyinglicansBreckinridgerspassage fortheroad,certainly expected"_'andthought advisableof the Austrian aEmpire. Kis, Indeed, varytapor-tant juncture, for in all human probability It iabe last chance which Austria possesses. If these new coa- cessions fail to calm the storm, there Is no hope. Is either case, the piide of the Hapsburghers will be humbled.'**in the South Sea whaling trade, but has relinquish-his nose against a window, looking at some paint-appreciative audiences. With this suigle excep- tion we are starless just now, all the great lights—for was not to Egypt accredited,.'jnon-combat-'inqr> ta narrated by Oliver Optic, and published byupbyfearfullyconjuringI set to work to investigateers,ButnowtheAfricancoastisfilledwithsteam- ers, not only English but Americans, and the pro-..the public <aD|na taae sinca Bev. Dr. Cdmmlno is a trans-were to sorry- 'bead'*cf fbi last days, he says that it does seem , plain that he is inaugurating the 'Great Tribula-'of the shipowners are bankrupt or insolvent. In buried. Hundreds come here under the Cooley wagon-road e.xpedition to the Crystal Springs, to the profits to those who engage in it will be en- mitted so remarkable a collection to be sold ont of the!thatduty levied by the American Government in favorDOLPB willfor theJudge Mc-but there is a se: ofpWi6«e«t««6o«»-*<»«*. mlomee are as indicativeSrlJhTtobnas a^ are the first flakesCompany's line.If I had not said it so often, I would say The best tune on record,Jaxnn. Germans £aiid Theyfamiliar letters to a friend, telling, in aand misty njhcipmMt. 8 iajnwerteas to fog a chUd'sgivewe tell them to call again.Webster,andof theTbe aoaivetaa^ of fb» SUtOa of IisliMiia.wil aeto-..<««( '-'tnMeMiileDtsUam 'Irrefigiona beautiful editionPacificFoun^militarypartand Emma, which book isKmSiatt frocks are very pleasant indeed, andthe rarest of extant. The gems poetrylateraU,think she do," you won't hear of yourent's risking his precious bones in one of those spider-web sulkies, that a chap must be lifted into,~.''^'''<W|r°4»"^iiaaJtyYoungby side with that of"K•^'"Oby^ ^'«fi» open,imf^mmM M(^calculatmg basis, and begin to look sharp after theofbrings the nag taken a different view of the English treaty, and bronze obelisk to die meowry of the Bavarian solAen^'OU Omrionty ShopThe Child- Wife, from Da-consequence ture was madewhich is Russian student in theiriiJilffgeTfieli,tapsIt is one of theheretofore beenyoungli^gtesoBie ofcircles is TheAmeri-THE SIX NIGHTCAP BOOKS.a melancholy instance, which I now place on record, of the wife of a friend of mine havmg declined buying a stunning friend recom-hia thinking appaiatus on the sharpest picket of a fence a mile in circumference.Wouldit not -bedwinto the clouds at afact is, California is rapidly becoming a very de-things areAsylums—the proceeds for entrance to the track isprogramiaeraaehlhafns.ofmfpimSB' Oldy te'motal &irie^ and is per- aresayhappens to own one of opened and a new light is thrown on its features. If Revolution, aad tlia colon of}Scfaleswig.Ho|jMa.:globole.KuL,— billsof theThe same pnbiUiers eive ^|ite9a sn opportunity of spendingold clothes and black our own boots, smoke meer- schaums for economy, go around the block to save a dollar on a purchase, take small change, and no"Government would conform with this suggestion,the inveterate dealers in human flesh would be correspond- well pleased and their pockets increase in riches. Why don't the anti-Abolitionists of the great Southof the of snow:t^^SBSfl* pip" *^ Ehllos<^hy,«<^ «^iaMBBt's notice, and diacoorse with ahadowsand of other places of note ; how she«r gatfWama as laa^liariy aa with old acqnafaitanceg. Bbine and down the Rhine what shethe lightful country to live inThe young ladies whom balladsto the Cid are rich in historic in-We begin to dohim exaggeratedthe strainof "Never did IIt^ilMTOSH.Introduces to the world ofjacketsrelatinglonger scorn the omnibus tickets.nponreceive a telegram wUch gave me so aocta ^easore.now, I was always only Geraaa.But the crowning MAdk tiio munificent ArPLiTONS vouch-?saving a waste expense to the cheaper to send out one line-of-Heretofore,The ex-Klng's picture hung in the fesUve hall, aideWW »lffl,W«JB?!Sll8iJ*M"^s^aiR^g^? 'Abar eounbywo"*"- Boldarena»ei»li»r«ad onaajrlflf^ ^^ wiUberaroUtHe gimp, ind«d.^SpM*||du'^Ipp^ paoplB •earn to enjoy th* favor of Eames, pobllsbed by "tfOKrak ft 14iu>B,'!«, as thaPrfBM ttwm ite Tkeatrleal Maltera.Jtmathan aadboainess now t»inlai>d navi|ation exclnsirelr. We have etfacedhr IkaCHala ! ^^ittdduoody to tte maUng of t'gUOaan siaazin(lT> and boolu aretoOoi, 6, coofiMlthairllieliiB Itamtupa te ooastof Afirlca^ Slave-Trade, andstrongsimply to conform with the treaty of 1842."'^ HbA benefit- aa plentifallrnot, asforce on the African and Cnbaa waters,as '^nd Those littletitle indicates, tbe last of a series of similar works. Mrs. Eamis has previously favored us with A Budget of Letters, and Another Budget, and thishave the Colunbit, Panama and Cortes running From Oar Own Oorrssvoadent. on the Oregon coast, as usual, it being the Pacificdouble was team,atnose fact at last that Qovem- ment it actually aigaf*d~in the suppression of thewas a believed, sandingcutr'she aa the designsclosing one. Although libraryby "What a glorious morning, and what splendid made on the Pioneer Course last"tsataaao, Mbaar, fnapday, Oct tt, UN.terest, practicesbelittle mean thingsfew ladles have been known to fix up4heir oldBIS RIOHTOAP LETTERS.littlx niohtoap letters. lOiling Geo. WasHUiOTOn on his cele- BABY M0BTCAP8. FAIBY NIQHTCAPS.remember Bobinson,a ride who hasonce awith HorseFather AaaBr," who died onder sentence of baprisoament fron a BaswiiB 6ovi. coal, than four steamers and other sailing ves- It was more of a compliment to the living soveretaa"^^tt^^^E^t^M-t OaUtry, containing ''NEW NioniCAPS.silk atAustin's,that anotherlady'^^riiii^^ttf* of eyerything in and oat of na-mended, on the ground of "Couldn't afford it." Factory and Renovating Asylum for ante- sels and would it not ;^' Great EatUnt, Gen. PuT-D. Appletom a Compasy.We have received three more of these fa-Our prestige is gone. Ka longer will returned diluvian nags out back of Poughksepsie, where course to pursue for the reopening of the Slave-five hundredNiaaTCAFS.I Cbableytakingbattleship,with no steam andconsumption oftresses. wiH be very derelict of their duty. The children. The author's political aflinities are here generally"Things indicate aappearances state of affairs in thisthe boss and hoss-talk better thanof war. non, and bears, as part of its inacriptloajfhiB wntA It has been the custom for years to send three "Theydiedforthe Fathertaad." Not kng Sfa^- Kii^^^6tlHaalifkiBy^boand books, entitled Dickeng' Little -heartilycommend to the attention ofgrown-upMetropolitan,:to the coast of Arica the Max was making a very patriotic speech at tladtay- ;jyOr, ttey'^Wi^M feohsists of twelve volumesU the honcirs vf blua iaAMjSgomttu^n^tnjam «oanp< v:made laughingly apparent.For the dainty, brilliant, exquisite Fairy Night-we have no words todelight. and the children now gathering reund the Winter firelovely story vote for him. A bnish a smile from the comers of their mer to hunt in the hare-bells and morning-glories he might cast his maidensloops-of-warofwhich;Your corre-and we started to Poughkeep-BavarianArmy,to dieand enough other of Dicekn'8 ez-Ato listen to the will be sure next Sum- a good man to be nominated for something, that that nearly dislocated my neck, and all I could see of guns, varying in number, and equipped and " Aucli tie VaterlautP' Tbsr^iaWto duM^cieationa t9 make up the dozen. Thefairysie in about 30 minutes. We started with a.j^j^^H^HCtawthat have made busy old brokers stopant,jerk'/'•-.^jiki^Hir mODey-coonting to clear their eyes offriend from that(a^tf ora- trees, manned by energetic officers and crews by whom tor was so disconcerted by the ^nl«^^^fJ^ly mtrtartna.garden, finally hopping over into another country. and round, returning each time with four-fold country that he don't rule over, parading fat cattle fuoruyndto the charge, till at last a well-directed strokeTtaela are distributed among the young hop-pick- of the elfin's sword cleft his head asunder, and he fell and cliildren for liis inspection. No doubt he willhim intense satisfaction, that such was the case,and he announces it with as much as he would gleeTlie beneficial use of steam for theof the Slave-trade is ocular, and the construction«i% and the book, of course, ends with the con- IwMOn of everybody.prone to the earth with one prodigious kick of all his feet in the air together.return firmly impressed with the idea that the John Bulls and tbe Pope's Bulls are not a circumstance to the Yankee BuUs, which he had better not takethe name of a new subscriber. The camel diedfrom some cause, and died on the desert, where norespectable camel ought to have died. They may mende<V Why would it not be advisable to leave the Adriatic coast of Austria were oat, ibr fear of'itspopularity when firstis more theirexpended over $150,000 in procuring testimony,business." Mr. Lindsay continued, paying counsel, &c.. and it will probably cost them certainly deserving of great credit for their..-" 'married a youngocratic, bore Member oftheCongress, instead of that of NsKiuAa the combined force ot herediUirrnobimr^t^^An ex- Of religious books we have a better repre-bulls or Princes, having on exhibition here, at the Agricultural Fair, plenty of the former and one ofthe latter. Prince Kamehaheha, from Honolulu, is here paying us a visit, having arrived a week or two since in his yacht via Victoria. The Prince isof a little off a splendid specimen humanity,dressmaker, as the advertisement says, cellent book for the young."this Fall than of those of lighter charac- ter; Uethoditm Successful and the Internal 'Ctm*et of its Success, by Rev. B. F. Tefpt, pub- Debby A Jackson, is a history of Meth- odism from its first dawn to the present day, andthe histhe head of wasp, began joyful journey backthe fairy hollow."The South Sea Wlialing Trade.tosentationliahadbyAn statement relative to the importantSouthern Whale Fishery appears in the evidence given by Mr. BLTin, a London shipowner, before the Select Committee of the House of Comtnons, on Merchant Shipping, the Blue Book of which in-histhem thanrecently Paraguay, byrCflKonioBto The Great Tribulation, foreshad-disposedpartake. slept just,•peady disruption, not of this Union alone, but of thewholegreatglobe. Inhisintroductiontothe present volume, the Eeverend Doctor makes allu- sion to the French Imperial Head in rather un-wasgiven bythe Government forThefor Hong Kong with an assorted cargo.a lot of horses and live Chinamen on deck, ditto in the cabin, ditto in the steerage, and a hundred or so defunct Celestials in the— compositorswho set itwas aup.insufficient,andat tbe same time Prince-Bishop of Bam- especiallyUretpool,isprinted;i(|.]ng^disputeThe force employed on the Coast of Africa con- Lands. As the telegraph will have made yon ao-those sists now of SIX vessels of war. Instead of thewho appreciate music in any shape, and from any CvfiStellation, Portsmouth and SanJatinto, let less for me to recapitulate the principal points. The re-—so muchand results morepfflclal count for Member oflahis works.us asand morals afiiect very materially the success ofterms —while he does not believe ;miles around and prevent every vessel from landing its cargo.:that the crown ofcomplimentarywltii the author of Armageddon, or with Fabor, that Mapolson is the eighth and last Imperialad valorum.1849 these duties were wholly repealed, and other'jcould be stationed every hundred; pt, with others, that he is the Anti-Christamongthe Chinese that die here togo home to be happy couple went ofl immediately on a slight and its effects are fqlt, the traflic will soon stop, asaloneit brought about,Bavaria per--'tibil^' and is destined to inflict or bequeath no com- ^y''BnktM)liq)lication8 on the European ten kingdoms."ft^file entertain different opinions on different.*;from America, £3,774,640.Mr. Blttd adds, that Sir B. Peil's object in re-pealing the duties was to diminish the cost, while, on the contrary, the price of sperm oil is 12 perCompanies,give tkeywithin do so, and it don't seem teleft, forside*ofthewater. InourMetropolis,onewould be Tery apt to designate the departed Japanese, or tbe pieaent Aldermen, as approaching nearer toM. tribnlstion than the Emperor Napoleon. the prophecies of Dr. Cckmino are des-alivealive or pickled, as the caseamongTheseason in performanceVas week opened lastwith a speedy fulfillment or not, lor the end of earth canbasis for tire annihilation.1. e., there is room in ner for much improvemeBt.Rev. Rkhard Knill,born in of Italy insteadVermont. Not thaited with them before this reaches ills use- you,St. Jj'ttertimrgk, edited by Bar. Chas. M. Bisbk., ofquaincognition of Hungarian a" the official language in those parts, win be followed, of course, by the opening of the Pesth University, since the principal cause of Itsrjfe qfofby the American Tract So- ciety. Thelaborsofaverymsefulminister,ina foreign capital, are briefiy told, and the biogra-years.replyGovernment,"Influenced,wouW-be's," semi-civilized, vulgar peoplewho Fiilton or Michisanfci DM! Sliddle of the sixteenth centnry, subse- Blyth ^aei^tnnslatad into French and published at tent of ittudc—miliioasofdoUarsatstake. Theex- markinTragedy. HerLucrezia is coastoftheislandis about1,COOhiilesin length, rommandofthearmylaItalyisaiigsiieiatone. Borgia splen-Stiem reprinted from an old English trans-J^tem,fiHa^. -86' gTMt was,l>eop!e in it, and they are nearer the locality, and itit wffl be as well appreciated in this latter day. The oostom of embalming the sweet singers'^},, 'P?' ''"!" situation is better, they are moreskilled m it, and tliev follow it with more The California Steam Navigation Company areverance up " " p"erse-than the British shipower Tes was likelyhavetwo successfiai seasons, and never once to a tlun— praised and so mnch abusedpilingfavorablycon^« kept by Pjebeian aadtbeMJgreally nothing new to be said about either himjoritwealthy New- fell from to 29 in one day, when was an- munityand, laughat|you may, characteru)d EvBBZTT, DoeeLAs and and Josasoa,down his bhth,too late to say anything. Herajriance. Now.wdSdIt not be wellUghtlythanones vrith bo money boat athe name of the candidates forso Coogrees not receiv-mSn worthy ofhiesteel—a""'!"a it camel,catch it, and if he could get nothing to eat, he should have imagined he had plenty and gone on-t^e remeastraaeework,been the ruinwhalingtrade.eOBrwstin^, well'Of the land in blue and g(dd is becoming quite the reply " they make more a buMness of andactlTe service on the Mindo.pnTBlept now-a-days, and Clabje, Acris, May- >AXs & Co. confer this honor upon N. P. Wiuis aad Krs. Fkamcis Saxsant Obsooo, giving ^ns -charminglittleduodecimoeditionsoftheirpoems. WiLua has been so often criticized and recriticizedif,they can do it at a less eipense than we can." Thelargeview,being toand wears better than any we have ever hadand I doubt if the same would not be said of himAt rate the anyarmythat therepenalty forEngland farmer—graduated at an Eastern coIUmand the enjoyDown jumped Slyboots from the friendly rose, andput anattackonVeniceorTrieste. Thisaolcidalnies»-ure has beenof the GreatW^arsaw Conference, and the Adriatic is still and safe for commerce.on behalf of by concluded a commercial"".,8Md«Ukliaviag Ptcifevoyaged up; experiencedI lilt U safe to •ommend any &lry tale in Paris, and her views and impressions of Euro- affaire, and we are becoming civilized and mors tered, and there will be some half-dozen races—be- land.treatymust be on the coast of Afri- a; for it praserres tbe divided oaaaaaadef long aa every little Prlaoe —""-'^Trir'ia(rttfftamaader-ln-ohlef In tlaie of- <.~ii«{ Oerman origin.Uvea a thin haze thon^like the Bastem cities. We have tailors, hatterstween Olencoe Chief, \Jim Barton,Rattler,Trsr, action oa thepean things generally. TicuiOB lb FiEUisShot, America being pacers, capable of doingIf theca, I would advise the Government to send outiTMfrnltiirqiniMilHfof LccKmABT'8fll^UJita 'generally get at.the kernel of a and with a portrait of the translator. It is, perhaps,the old North Caro-sary armament, and dispatch her to Africa. This Munich. A— Eagle was hmigwith thr.blaek, &d,ai^«f tte Slave-trade, anewareahasbeenin^adtreadilythanibn bitter liaak,.m(»etf jpni gly»4Mn a aagar<oatedto nibhla:aff the angar aad dis-it is not for a momentnnnsoallgr, graadpublish Spanish Ballads,We be-on tinted hardly correct to call him a translator, as it is gen-ship," perhapsadmitted that these baUads are bold andcompliancewith theifCellar,which was ormumntrierallyspirited paraphrases, Bethisasitmay,toLocebabttheghostsofpoetsquestion of debt; that is, think itandpicturesof Moorish and superstitionsSome and take his chances ofvelocity equal to a Congreve rocket, to bring up ontheir delegates in Congress to look into thisare to be vainly soughtgleaned— thusas through and through."rather than exact translations.Indebted. His edition of Bums, (o our thinking, is the best ever published, and in his old Spanish ballads he exhumes and rebumishessoon add to our coat of arms the motto,but the subscriberespeciallywhich were lialf hidden ia Uaeir The eotar- crape.tainmeDts consisted of beer, enlivened by aiiute, aad music, varied with beer. King Lrawia, wlio was at Darmstadt, answered a dispatch Ksit'lilm^^ftaiCaai-from them that were to elsewhere.our books that will live ;prospect hashad the All these sloops were dispatched around the Congo, with a large quantityexpressbyactuallypaper,owe money, get indebt and don'tIn fact, we are fastAU the ladies as are.'going'JINfeaa kia boy.hero through some very probable and It was flooded nith sweet clearinalnictiTe experiences, and builds klm up, little ters of roses were peeping in at the windows, but none Salt Biver. I am still on the fence. Night and friend, the horse Solomon, didn't say much, butfr(an salting a skiff to the command of an oeeaBaleamer. Themoralisgood.expenseheavier, sincerely coa-really pro-^tt<k,comeoutofElfinhuid—shewassofairandsweet her merry blue eyes closed, her Uttle song-voice still-friends would be vinoed of the fact that Government isBlake, or the story of a boy's perils in Manila ai Goratca and Hoote Christo, is a verycommitteesrecommend Chabley as., A^Biftiied,and a flush on lovely hersoft cheek from the kiss-being driver.Propositions."1,600 negroes, clares himself Its warmest friend. Theing'''^!Mdkble'bo<^ written by Auksd Elwis, and and out of its own sweet will.to subscribe a"'"^ '^''*^ .'ap^ges—a — Hovering over her malignant gleam in his eyesthe cause in ;everyof the warm aad wliich danced In l>aljny wind,hundred dollars for instance have been tenderedacamels that were to have been sold on theflict the mean and cruel sting npon the defenceless^%iiit tij^beaiM the contents capitally.liJBiMeating, and following the hero through the cut him shamly with his sword, and then scampered was light and the pay heavy. I offered in each the owner and the publicIts plotof the book in his wanderings and perUs is out of the window and took refuge in a great rose, case to subscribe thechild, wbea, with a bound, Slytx>ots was upon him,quenceslight—are aroused. Justso dideasier than would be an actual journey to apologizing to the little foiry whose home it was.With hia back against the rose-leaves, and his shield myrequired sum, payablewhen Ibeing$1,200 of that traffic, and to a slonofa visit to Gaeta, wish for caphire^^^gteamernoOyngntonClus-had takenas Ihis head and .remarked, I am afraid I could notconscientiouslywhat you might termTheDi Mat/ Coverly, published by J. E. Tilto.v4C0.. of Boston, we have the trials of a young bangs and whacks with the flat of his sword, quickly by the horns. We are not behind hand either in nance for a couple of weeks previous" or to dosure of the death of hismade a stout rope of corn silk, and fastening it roundof him of suste-makingenemybysundryhave,byway experiment,deprived;I have been called innumerable from every part,remarkably qtiiet XrtJWfnllrri by Bbibxait Bbos. The title of the was the wasp. Already was Us body curved to In- a iat berth in the Custom-house, Post-office, or last day of the Fair were withdrawn in conse-an examination of the causes and forces whichhave tended to its development. By Methodists, at quiry was issued a day or two before the departure way, and dispenses with all the flummery of re- ty and attractive woman. She is now playing anleast, the book will be well received, though other denoiniBatiOns may object to it as being somewhat ex varte in its conclusions.of the last mail via Cork. Mr. Blyth was at to and formerly ceptions, &c. I saw him the other day flattering engagement Maguire's Opera-house largeTheCcoaoHO, published by Budd & Cableton, is afollowing is the statement referred toIn 1820 there were 137 ships from England instand and invest a dime in a red bigthe most apple, and pathetic leave-taking bemg that of Professor An-search is for itsof necessary suppression.Oreat Preparation, by Rev. Johnthese careful suggestionsof the latterJamib RoTuscmu), of London, is said to havebought for three milUoa thalers ($-2,200,000) the famoas picture-gallery of Count ScuSmoaii, at his castle of FoHimersfelden, about five miles from Bamberg. .This was the finest collection in Bavaria, outaideef Ma-navigated by 3,701 men, incluiling 814 apprentices. At that time there was a protective duty of £26 12s.great hallucinations, beingthe greatest man of the age, and the other that welike aa ordinary mortal, in plain clothes, and at the hotel atlantic Miller, a clerical Yancey, predicting the per ton on the oil, and of £95 per ton on the whale- never once called for roast baby or mi^isionaryowed the same author, aad given to by;Herald,broughtliich.Maniz,berg,oftheHouseofSchSnbom. Itwasrich in specimens of the Dutch and Flemish schools.and a bounty of £400 to £600 on certain:I'1Ibeen 1boneshipsprentices,the protective duty£15 los. per ton, on whale oil to £6 6s. and on whalebone to 20 per cent,steak. HesailsforHonoluluto-morrow.tion in theto the of the eyeswhichtears ThewasIt formed by Lothas Fiaxs, Eleetor of— oneormoreforclipper-shipyesterday She hailProfessor insisted that his leaiwasfliction to the community;Inin 1860 not a single ship is left, and ninebesides and graintaking ap- 50tons. In1843 reduced on sperm oil to per ton,StormKingsailedeverying possibly, itgrsa^1820 there were 110 American ships engaged in hired in China Chinesepass the -moon, about twenty-five miles from honeykingdom. In the present crttical stat» of aftfrs, notbuy pictnre.gaUa(les^the House of WltteUbaeh is to be mtppaeeithe richest, in its private possessions, that sits qa a European throne.in 1846 they had Increased toin 1869 to 625. Between 1849 and 1860 Great such a time, andhere. She wJI probablyleave theor haseven thoughtheyand that of whalebone 40 per cent, liigher, since Peachy, ilieupleadingthe number all the same.1 rimitive1 don't know how thethat of whale oil 23the repeal of the duties, than during the two yearsabiding-places.Mzett, who came out in one of the.cent,higher,percent,higher,company succeed in that respect, and have gravedoubts, but financially and pecMniarily speaking,I believe they did a gooid business. Madam Escort great ii a very great favorite with us, and extremely pop.-ular. Her only misfortune is, in not having beendebutante. Milecommenced his ment on Monday last, and thinks he can close in a Committee by Mr. Bltth, however, he values the day or two, when he will be followed by Mr. Ben- articles at the same price for each of the last ten jamin and Hon. Bktebdt Jobxson, and Mr. Ban-— Allistxb and Judge HorniAN on the bench, verySince I this letter we have recetred ilie ost- beganprecedingtheirrepeal.In a table d^vered to theHe was awarethere is no differentialMivrce, would beGovernment send fiveEmail steamers like theand instead of the Savan-American ports in American grave and seemingly very tired of the case. Yes- vessels, and that consequently the increase of the terday being the last day of the Fair, Judge Mc- pher's task appears to be performed with fidelity. sperm oil trade could not be due to the protective Allisteb moved an adjourmnent, as the Courtimagine a thing must be Foreign to be good, esf e- cially in Opera. Slill the Opera-going public innah, Sabine ind Brooklyn, employed on duty inwas the trouble growing out of the quee- tion of language. 1 have heard one fear expressedof oil broughtintothe Gulf, let five small ones like the Waterwitch being closedThe Benefit of Christ's Death comes to us duties, the loss of which he represented to have wanted todlasatlstotiaBthe If Govemnn^.grestive action in their own hands.The appointment of FieKmarthal BniBBK to theto the Fair Grounds and see the bolls. The Court-room is crowded to excess daily by the the legal fraternity and those interested in *T>hHwIMII who was burned alive by the Inquisitio* owners have over British in this trade, when Mr. hearing the arguments in a case of such magni-from the hands of Sheldon 4 Co. This «ll{^>aUy written in Latin by Aonio Paleario, aof the BritishLlUDSAY asked, what advantage American ship-the "Acaoemy of Music."As an actress, Madam EscOTT is <ar ahead ofthreefortune to see, and she would doubtless make her ia then composed te surround Cuba, and as thereplied,theypensesarebeingenormous, the claimants having alreadydid, and never fails to draw a full house. Madam one of these steamers would orJy have a cruising He is well known as the mo^ aggressive ofAttitaiaa;Kscott is what we might term a home production, and the same may be said of Sqcibes, and they areground of less than 100 miles for the surveillanceof of be added the importation slaves. Let thenthree steamers suggested in Mr. Wil-scm's bill, andComn^anders. At SOlfetlno he refiised tb obeptfae order for a general retreat, and only whan .speeiallr commanded did be return, "jcemag'." fTem nls bril- liant and successfulcharge.recent position in Hungary was not at all tohistaate,and should he aaa he will be better suited, no doubt,Mr." Because they take a greater ex-have better information for theirjab&hed, tiiat 40,000 copies are said to have be«n •"Then, in fact, the great Increase of American $50,000 more, with but a faint chance of winning airid in six years. It remains to be seen whether shipping in that trade arises altogether from the the case, in my humble opinion.perse- to sur-I round It a common r*-whole seems to be questionembraced in these twothe ofcaiqiaign '58, may judgelyl"querie.-i ofMr. Lindsay, and Mr Bittu'': them.Company,already payingwith )ou.The companyare:he shot without mercy a contractor who—The case of young William Blue, nowproduced here,they announce the Congress. Many of thetheState, is a hard one. He is the son of aappointmentisin itselfgreatpassingcounterfeit coinreplies toof this-^K quite certain that when disposed to his money by speculating in land, became reduced to paid jUBt at present, as the Company intend to great success of both Jclia Deaki Haynb andt?!^*^° organ, he hasproducedsomethe tried within a moath, and coming contest. They can inake an oppositionMadam Escon. Bv the way,inmy last I men-Pmbj. At some of the polUng places, as I can tesUly from personal obseiratlOB, these ballots were countedisladywant, was tempted and led into the commission of Usanyway^^^J^J^" ^* *» Waraynonemorescripturalfirst crime, for thestrengthenthemselves to be wellpreparedforf*"^the niiritnal guitar. And of Mrs.wl^also and few Wends, has entered the State Prison, where»ny in theand at a he have thrummedtioned the rtimor that Squires was soon to take "language,twenty-four hours, leavinghiswifeandthreeutUefor yean be will mourn his folly and Usunto himself a better hal("andthegreat dis-simply bythecatehwertewhlohlhBvementiened,oppressors! Even GiBisiiCity, went West, lost all doing of which he was arrestedartist in this place.Itis the secret of tbeinstitution if they try. I think the concern the best managed Company everknownanywhere,—well known, daughter of Dr. Blrdsall, U. s. A., is journeying its head are capable of ruling all Europe. «Osgood U is poetries have gonetress in the feminine community thereat ; peace reignfl againing much asfor the friends of Go*. Pmniraios to Insist on a legal—Mrs. liStham, wife of Senatoras widely through the land, and are as Latham, andthe three or four gentlemen »tand aecratetively by a person who ought to know that snch r2Sli°S?S-'^TM«'»a themselves to be mlsrepre-as^e voices of birds. There are few hearts, in- hitherward, overland ftom CaUfomla,' with her hus-The new steamer John B. built to ran was to be the case, that I thongfat I was warranted semad IVlfePiBtT. To be sure. It mlsht not resultdeed, which have not echoed the notes whichWright,either on the river or outside, concluded to acceptin mentioiiing it, but I take it all back, and apolo- gize for the misery I may have riiiaiil "thB ciita heMlbehindhim." Heissafe,andstillsingle—Sremyatng Mr, fsBimeiOM. but I have no doubt thatto the *the world »efingers invoke as theysweepthelyre, andthetrip exceedlnglT, experiencingbut fewmafrlaHy .fteas fee 9,000 which he claimedelectloB, would suffer a still further and very grallfy- ii-Tim^co^i^UesofaUklnds, iPS Ndvetios, A,herband. an invalid, has She, tbon^thus far enjoyedMr. esfxri wblch has already fallen off nuyorlty, beforecenOv been cffl fi«of»•"f""^ oSSm In |S^'Sd^Sf"h«ids high,aadIncoavenl-nere are none among us who are not proud to call ei>cea,and aooe but what sink lato liulgmUeance a reasonable^acefnlremunerationbut they have put their boat on the coast rpute be-rk. -t;www.fultonhistory.com•'-»''-^'-when compared to thoas to be met on the sea routeNil des^rani«m.Foo^Efig,fault.earda -Theiiyti^aiidaailadI>f«|o. la ninihailifftli^iiilliifiii^iigiiirtiriibT !«•• B. 7. HmLR, B^. {(tiia-iCdttte^laWiiaa'iravi.Ba« FaABOiseo, Suaday, Dot 14, 1860. Mailis"of interest oa the continent has been so often des- weather !" There's no nse in talklnf, California Pair, by Olencoe Chief koA Jin Barton, to wagon, been captured around Cuban shores, and two been headed In at last lo Oa Coorts ofshelves teem withbooks of travel, and every spotweek, duringtheBy the Government's agenta four vessels haveThe- lo-cilitiWni^lMqt P^OfMitiaM''. l^ahavepreparedfortheirdelecta- cribed,thatooecanlayhi*fingeruponItashecangetupsomeofthemostmagnificentmom-(belastheathavingbeentrottedin3:491.ThearoundtheCongo—everyoneofthemloadedwithPraasla. Therab^>i»i"Aaslrlaa^„. ItiTJjjmxrolra GrandchUdren, would on m,s^r.^^ stories, for Myings any country can produce. This is our Sum- horses had never been drivenceased blowing, doing away with the dust that has beenjftigi^amfc of»abemikeGennanof Qtoaax KxiL by Mrs.mer, the harsh northerly winds havingsaw thrown in oi^ eyes for three months l^st. The Course to.morrow, for the benefit of the OrphanofCuba,thegreatCooiStaileB tf' c<aa«i^1li|K..«taaa«are always at home in can move their gooda andconsists ofpleasant, chatty style, what the fair authoress inCoaatantinople, hi Cassel, in Cologne, and a hostThere is to be « grand gala at the Pioneer daya tul^ in hia own garden, this book of Eambbisbynomeansdevoidofinterest. Ittogether tryagain.six times.mors than 500 Africans, to be sold on the islandslavemartoftheage.For the purpose of stopping the inhuman traffic, a squadron of suitable numbers and description, to carry In all about eighty guns, must be equipped* Warthe CoBfederaUon," at the eoaunaad aad imagi"Baseisthe slave who pays." We begin to wear out our thoee nags, acquired on a slow note with korse-col-pression.,,-_ !f'l^^°"*'^tHtjK-,|lDd JouDB C.S8AB. The illuminated picturet'^Blln cover, of a Cupid performing an aerial jour- mous juveniles, making six in all, to be sold in a the steamer to the Metropolitan, when the fare from the plow, and in three months brings him out ment?birth In the " war of German in freedom,"back, would alone suffice to keep a box, or separately, if desired.'^dhpO^ i^m^r^pocketsijniV'^Op', a bushel of thanks for their bushel of"has at last found out that for the suppression of who fell in the Russlaii '•^^plga, aod otlierjran ofgreat andI visited Chablxt's estab-are the most delightful books for tittle peo- ple we have ever read, running over with fun,identity and render an introduction to himselfable men, andinfluence, hasLeipdc.Theylittle sisterhood and brotherhood and abounding with admirable precepts. In the organ-grinders by throwing two-fifty pieces,pestered by Englishand mouth correspondingly far in tetire week.We don't—anddown to New -York and sells him to Hobace JoMisThesamecity,wheretUs took place, eontains ajustlike otherpeople.beingshot out of with acolor, it is true, but nevertheless a very handsome man,popular.^ending largenot overtake a steamer or go in chase of herandhigh,has been about the country sight-seeing in a plain.beingover six feetThe Slave-trade is now carried on with great a navy can obtain such favors, it seems strange thated it, and is now engaged in the Indian trade. The ing in a picture frame shop, and stop at a fruit having departed, leaving us in despair —and ato the Viceroy at Alexandria, athe southern whale fishery, comprising 40,738 tons, who did not seemself. The Professor persisted in laboring undertwo one that he waswith and he writes us him,:ofl'ered to stand treat for asupplyfor his twoDKEgON,the Wizard of theNorth,as he calls him-pendencefunctionary.to dered about town, ate, drank andvegetables.system, beingby wealthy bonds to return themtirely lost, and an unnecessary expense will over- balance the risk run by the owners. They will cease fitting out vessels for that purpose, and as itold can afford to Ludwigand735, whothis fisheryBritain has paid for oils and whalebone imported make any difference whether they are dead orstage,;operaLelpsic of a newIfrom the BzsaDu's own command at Uiat'tune. I waatpw wj»gofoutthree sloops,) and the Cuban force of four steamers (now stationed there,) and five others supplied fornewly acquired power agatihnesste ibpv are content withseemsveryfoolish butitisthebest ;afterall,operas prophesy their worthy people, veryBbbzdik was a synonymhavmgahold,It is an established fashionMiss Dave.ntort was married twoto Col. Lander, of Wagon-road notoriety. Theare bound to return them to theirthey friendsaboutthe provincial villages of Sacramento, Stocktonmay Cooley's fault,serve to makeThe great Almaden case 1= in course of trial. Mr.force to send there,and thewould the not be bychoose to die it is themuch than what it is now. greater.Soiinge,"has received high praise from the ciidcs. A youngto theIn a Western attempt to run off any opposition boats. The slock popular,be, and ifDiana voncounsel for the claimanvtminor parts, is said to be " of things ;" capable greatthe Unitedagainst States, argu-llnes of the nqw CousUtutlon for the Austrian Crown-to have as a opposition again on the river,TheysungOperathroaghsteamboat isbuilt extortingby somebody,black mail from the. will be better fed than K was tnpresume, which ishere, about to commence aif we34inounced that there would be no more dividendsname -ofvery profitlessbut in Warsaw. It was a false alarm, ana nobody hurt It waa stated so posi-and not gnthe river,plan Companynot beforethan to continued success. They arein this District to one fact beforeoDoUcumentntitledoaids, He wan-,they not theirs—to cultivate a taste for the Pine Arts in the benighted communities of thoseexpenseopera—"When you beat that we willence lo the vital qnestton of the Bient of tbe Ocnaaa aialoi iato be divideddown to a very substantial and respectable state of the Catholic Asylums. The fastest nags are en- in accordance with the with Eng- the army, which Is tbe source of all this evfl. taand shoemakers thatcredit, and when billsDaniel—the three latterthe mile close to 2:20.a matter of duty entirelyto be supposed they would chcumsUnces. It Is to be aeighty gunsof united eraUon.C«dM-aretolike you more civilized people.becoming similar in our views and ideas on tbeall nonsense toginpay, justpresented," line-of-battlelina or Pennsylvania, mount her with the neces- brated in an;settlingequally between the Protestant and to enforce the laws and of each of the two the country rights—settle up as long as it can be avoided, and shall parties owning the horses to drive. So theeatbnrtsitir msanrr at festlira wte held in Kaoaa's Baar-man Justaboutthesedaysweare suffering under a lightningandatelegraphicmessage together, intohealthy country at no distant day.anyfearful spondeLtalight wagonseats,GOBaiiy.' crowd peittaeallr, yet impertinently, asked, "Which country, prayt" and added the well-known SrordS'oa tbe-obeUA.ridger Douglaspoundthe ideas of Government, I would— upon byandEnglish hibiting the Slave-trade.nsoessarytman mentionedsuggestthank fortune it's most over.requestedtwohave been captured by our steamers off the Congo—^none by the sailing vessels of that squadron—and as the Slave-trade is now carried on with suchof ruin. politicalwith twodo ten miles and catch the train due atreadyaand has been waiting some years forcannot ftil to interest the head and heart of for these dear little American elfins, so graphic is much given to politics and brandy and water, read rail-fences and cows, all going tbe other way, as if a capture would have been made with a very pleas- that he could not proceed with his memocixed" ^i&&en of smaller growth.sT-jl iattie by Little, or the Cruise of the Flya-the history of their life. me a long lecture upon my neglect of duty as the what's-his-name had kicked them on end The ing effect—yet all returned without reporting any The Baby Book and Little Nightcap Letters will a good citizen in not joining the body politic, and dirt flew, and a shower of mud, gravel, smaH bould- evident success in their grand enterprises.until the police had marched off the offenlar.To return to tbe Battle of Lelpsic. Thewas celebrated at other places in OenoaaybMldes Munich—such as Wurzberg, Heiddtieqg, LOftlii, Ce- ra, Hanover, Wiesbaden, Numbeig, TffiiillliniB aad'"1 .^AnMt, BlAXXVAB&has anth^mouths,every^^'^'^^JHliRHll .Ibr the ears of those young gentlemen "Fairy Book,gressivemeaningof our Gov-StuttgartHere in a few cannon Freibergshoi wanMason,especialandI was held on to Cbabley's coat-tail, until we" "make AuntFanny abelovednamemeveryme to vote forbits of filled the and our plank-road,ic, air,wound nursery. Indeed, all are admirable, but especially Scrogglns.we commend themy hoss-friendmat-from which we ex- ter, and before I had given one day to it. found whoa.J I held onto the seat,thisAd hi hlB efforts to interest and amuse. Withal, " Allghtlag and thanking Ms friendly courser, Sly- without her scratching apparatus. A Breckin- moved a large patch of mud from nose, and a.^ ^k^a'dana''''thinga vacant to I re- car, began repair damages.I needon the Coast of Africa. To forward tion at Munich belonged to that elass which are iatti-'fcfhrijti faoilda hisstories on a truthfulandtold me DocOLAS was " nowhere," and abase,'tt^fiM* ttein off with a moral. In this instance he ed against the cottage wall, and in a moment hadthat no matter what banner Iprivatelythat theRepub-andso quietly in her tiny white bed. Stte .mieht have day we have process-ons, illuminatians, speeches when I asked him how he liked that ride, he shook and oursome ether Federal Institution where the workdifference ofbetweenof afrom camel, |400 just |800 peropinion the difference^"^. ttftiialands of which we are told, that no one can on guard, Slylxmts waited for the fray. somehow the credit system don't seem to meet imported from Tartary this Summer by Mr. Otto to send out steamers, but vessels of such superi- granted, even wiille it Ungersd on hUpaaiffarS-aaj^WChfee. prrr'*^ to make choice. Much information may be gleaned from Paid Blake in relation to afirst month'ssalary,gottheplace,it will be"hardlyandcaiqe fromHis wtA-unknown.'JiUtaA Fbt, is a little book published by the was never ofi^ duty. The wasp kept up a horrid din. time when it is convenient.learn hislocality coB^iarativelyThewho vainly songht to sting him but theblows trustyfell and shieldin sodoingconsider that I amdoing my duty the Los Angeles Starhasannounced to the world —by example.TheYoungPublic expectatian is strained to its oIboiI ta pHth,Out came the wasp, breathing fire and fury his usual snarling hum changed into a fiend-a merchant business at the mouth of doingroar of tremeadous battleThen didvessel in a chase. An evidence of equalstand.) And thirty-odd Johanns and Friedd^aafishbegin fairy'sI havea most strongest party just as soon as I know which S is, the Amoor River. The very smart man that edits;with favor inpolitics.promisedtojointheEecbe,souree thanthe. lA-rage.Hop-Pickers, by the late Sakah thick and fast upon the homy head of his enemr, to my country and myself—self first, country any that camels are a failure as one of the snimals;belonging to the Government at that plaee, havingAmerican Tract Society. The scene of the story as with maddening ferocity and desperatloa, he tried We see by the papers that you have been enter- been dispatched across the desert, died from ex- to find (lis foe, for he was now blinded v^lth the blows.opens fa a hop garden, and progresses in a hop Panting with pain and roaring nith rage, he flew taining a live Prince, and showing him the great haustion. The Editor says, and it seems to givepiraticalthis fact has been displayed on the coast of Cuba,!';stricter attention and more careful modeYet all and actions of our Gov- ernment officials will never gain the wonted suc- cess, as long as there is a market for the slaves, and the purchase of them in Cuba is not prohibited. The furtherance of the African Squadron, by sending out more steamers, will eventually prove and instead of this, I would suggest that the African Squadron be entirely taken away from the Coast, and sent aroimd the island of Cuba. This island is nos so large but that a stt«unerit,When the market is not supplied with negroes,able, by hiring;Constantin<4>le, but significant synptom of the weakness of the Porte, and the growing inde-Iabout hisand notshore, and more effectualkindPrussia,vii tue of which tlie German League is placed o> thegoany«tlhJa«sarMaa ndand if the court knows herself, and sheunder genteelother affah—the— treaty and,Califomians be expected to pay $6 cab hire from he takes a green three-year old Vermonter, fresh trade and for theproper is but a dollar. We have come down to a in a shape that causes the animal to lose his own But our Democratic Government, manned by included an immense piece, representing the Battlefrom and we no longer pay ladies from Ireland tSO a monthdollars.buy peaceandquietnessnecessaryby thesame tokenfor a thousand dollars.there is an irresistible bit of comicality, -which we te wash dishes hi silk dresses and anub their mis- lishment once upon a time, in company with a the auxiliary steam-power on board of our vessels French ranks. The obelisk Is castVrom cantnreddo not vote Clau, Hay- story of the "Doctor," in the first of the series,80the Slave-trade," guns are not necessary, but Natolios, fighting agaaut thar eomlrtm^ ia theis and workin',"friend of mine that lives oppositewho knowsin New-York. Charley hitched up a streak-of- or moreeaa-time we opened them to hollertract a pleasant bit of description. It is whereships. the Fairy Slyboots saves little Minnie from the bound to be thrashed out. A Republican assured up with a sudden jerk at the platform, just as the em influence has at last succeeded to prevail, and attributed it to some royal birthday, or to a sudden ac-to go down upon the sea in great'TJmnitho),whosereidnameisWm.T.Adams, wasp,ataskimposedonhimasapenaltybythe methattherewouldbenomoreshowforthe carsweremoving. Wescrambledabout,andfind- aneffortismadetoannihilatethetraffic.;butwhat it was allab9at,aad^ ^^mplooKbefore," and is success-quite than a feline infought under,none of us knew tivityinblastingonthelineoftherallrasd.tuted by the Court party, aad constitute an ia^anloas attempt to defeat the National Union Party, by close- ly Imitatisg its phraseology, and bnrlesqaing, as Itof its sails. Is reform in the ConstitutionThe Princes suggest their reform, in the " WOobargDoes the nation clamor for Unloa t Every petty ruler who stands in the way of Unioa de-it game wellWe have at present four steamers and two sailing sloopsto be.were half so as the little human roso-bud stead The would not be muchFairy Queen:, Breckinridgerswhat-do-you-call-it ingtell scarcely youthat fillsgieatdemaastra-boots clambered up by the luxuriant rose-viae fasten- dropped noiselessly Into the room.or two of gravel from my pockets, and felt grateful that I was sound and not distributed on—was his business to take it as he couldin icilh eight steamers, fivebusiness,in the mamierthe last week to the legitimate, with thatoffered andpie being an energy, and steamers are tidiing -the leading other day,In taking leave of hissubjects,oa tbe eeea-thanbut asked. There are 13 of chese camels that were partfaster one Is neededbrought disgrace he did.and ever welcome actress, Julia Dea:«e Hatne.She was on her aftera strong headwind or in a dead calm.footing placedof the undermost favored nations, and Its citixeasperfect protection. If a nation withoutwarmly greeted appearance, finely formed. He an absence of three years. Time seems to haveagainstdealt gently with her, and she is still apret-to its dealers evidence of this consists in the United States are not even oldpartfive solid columns of comfort and consola-ai- may have but, if so. we should command the admira- tion of mankind for the philosophical and heroicalmanner in which we h ive borne his lo^s.;picturesamonggood.bothand Mac'ame Escott. I have never seen their would muster thus—the Africanthis I city,any of the Prima Donnas I have yet liad the goodsloops.A of seventeen steamers squadron: if ibry are not content, they have tile aaaaas of ag-.f verance, and the ene^ystudy necessary thorougha force oftwenty small steamers;mount the diflicultief of a tionat thewith a houfe. As a tenor, SociRES is the mostfifty or sixtythousand dollars a month in subsidies, which new season, and are to bring out severalfeUed »»» goodfoodtaa to hasai^^;Fusion Dem- WauAX fwaatiaimi torstill, beingless thanverysuccessthe large number of vessels clearing from steamers, to make a more decided impressioa ea New-York and other ports for the Coast of Africa South American Republics. The new Saxon Agentdays-sincecountries,would be inthis is everything that is necessary for the sup- while, the Bavarian o«lors, while a fiaat (hi laaaIn the Operatic way we have nothing new tomention. The headed Sqdikes and will prove a speculation, money kept atMadam ESCOTT been havingand Marysville, tryingThe African sqaadron would not be necessary, as the vessels exporting slaves from the Congo would be seized in the event of their nearing Cuba, and soon this would be settled by its en-written by the Duke of It CotHug-Gotha.Companyby vibratingbad will be home and used there in a profitable circulation.'Twenty small steamers would be an adequateadvisematter, and get Mr. Toucey to alter his course ofLeipaie,savingof millions to the Govern-the eailr part of the century. The final display of ftrerotkahas been that only one cap-them, whick ebony stowed in her hold.moment was a confused mass of stmrbenfia't —stand and the actualorought ernment can no longer be misunderstood. North- firedto do away with the sailing vessels now on that coast, My and to dispatch at least five more steamers in theirLatelyslavers,with overto be the prove rightthan to the dead poet.Many songs, revived on Uiis aeeasaa,'hsd their—ority and capacity as to be enabled to seize anyour steamers have four slavers, where capturedwhere it had not even beenby our Government to send any sailing vessels at all.regard to the new Constitation *— "^ "—~ti liaifaof more steamers for thatout in the treaty of 1842 the clause, toall notIt entirely.guns each, were stationedwould bebenefit would be gained throughonawitheighty guns," If a force ofaway withrevoked, perhapsPowers, perhaijs as preliminary to theor Saginaw be sent, and the squadron round Cubanew and beauUftil It programme.SqciRKS" Trovatore" excelled, yot even on the boards of of three steamers and five others (supplied for of the Crown-Lands is so deep that they wlU aae tteirthink, fully appreciatein regard to tmaforce consisting mav be, as it was id Naples,that thepurposehas been recom-Vou will perhaps have heard that all the lights oanot"<fi5y^ii^fessarytbeiiunityUberty."any deeperw^aeiUtBlrabout the Africanopeaand armed ships, which can- heavytreatyimpedimentwill l>e thrown musical educa- arouad Cuba, "as the only effective impediment against the importation and siilr ef .•Vfrican slaves.Nacticus.Tbe Result In the Fifth District of New Jersey.Nrw.*.--!!, N. J., Wednesday, Nov. 7, 1860.T» the Editor c/ Ilie iVfit- York TimesAllow me to call the attention of the canvassers fiUhls obUgaUons: and that to be a 5<ddlorui»wHouse here pleasing,and Ihighest respect of the com- FmicB tlckeU, which were headed respectively Bill popular opinion in the ainiy. Bimbixcannt of aU the baUots cast in the Dls-carry»Southera and Hlddl* BHtas of-Oaraany,- bt NAa-not that this saybils toeat anarchy and eoolWon la (he mUIiaiy aftlnafmittee, congratulate In the somewhatBattle :its ends.ship, they think they will be able to take Oe wtad oatwere,By runningcloseplayed, and the devil helps hit oWhshow how faille ate such sabterfoges wlaa the pea-forto love him because thecarved U«sTU*oqaB»5fluence of the Jesaits. For »' her ^^„'-i^'J\he^^Tthat this man had him 1a foe- _ „ n}?olt,,b,cTi\.li.„rrw'iJllinf\inid^iiniuiT*^Qmhave learnedbun. His merits alone haveaiong^ds &e newbat the end will FaAsoo, of Napke, thethe Zollverein, hasthem are Rubens, Titian, Murillo, Guido Reni, Carlo Dolce, Eckhou^ Wouvermanns, Cranach,&c. Probably political caosesMost of Its masterpiecesare celebratedby Van Dyck, Rembrandt,; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 ..,.*l^-jS^;iia»';j