 ishould be uniformly the same;yet they are permitted by great..;,.yesterday op«ite4 at the low- er prices Mlre&iesiw aAeiiroon, but giadQallyThefavorabb market news by the Bohemianis borneletter to Gen. Cass, published in yesterday's.prttctice;AtChambersof theSupremeCourt,yesterday,%f;^to-|0rK ITKW-Yt^K, FBIDAY, WOV. 8, I860.T^lt NBW-VORK. TIHBS.PaUiihed in the Tnin BntUlng, franUns the City Katz. His nephew, Louis Katz, a lad 16 years of tofore represented by these threeg^FMk,OBPuk-rov.BimieemadNaaanit*.madeafiiU confessionintoecase, age, yesterday of the incendiarism, hewas instigated by the accused. under arrest.fiance of insult, forcible interference, or fraud.tion Mr.Platt proposed by:InraUstotbB BepdAcuProettskxt—Fro«Mttnat the TtnMtntt Theatre Interfered—THE FINANOiAL. TROUai.EB.'Sreoial Dispatoh to the VeWToik BAinintti, nraridajvlhvt'A*TIMES (Dlllr) il pnMiahed every bwbIds *ai CTeSlac—Price Tvo Cijns, Mrrod at I2i<gentlemen, which bearTbe N&y-TOBKwhich, Both partieswarrants honesty. Messrs. Comstock," Whereas, It is currently leportel and believedthat there exiat* In this City an organized of bod^Oakn kveek. mailed Six Doiuag ayear. TheNEW-TOBKTIMSS(S«Bi-Weekly)—TaasiPoi--men who intend, on the day of elestlun,^ to obstruct thepolls,and,byaiystematlcplan,chiOlengeerery voter they can in order to back the clectir^ udolakHttea. Specimen number. forw.rd<(dlOTHMESFOEdql^re of erery Mail steamer. flTe cents (or single copies.property ofthe Habpsb Brothkbs. In the UnitedPrice, ia wrappers, States Circuit Court, the case of Drapsb against llepublicannominations.in. advance..^Jettera to be addreesed to H. J. RATKON» k CO.,of the Niw-ToM Tom. Sew-TorkProtection Abroad.by strong pto«lbroB There Is an immense crow* tions between the Courts of Russia and Sar- _own political existence, and when w^e consider of spectators, who have groaned and hisanl batTiBMS—Cash invariablymetby.the^terruptionofdiplomaticrela-Platt himself and his fellow-fathers owe theirunder Marshal KAaa.(nptieton ..^' Oi; MDlBJC^lCaaTBi.The defence set not aiid notwas that the invention wasa British man-of-war has afforded an opportu-them, they ontrages, excepting that •« practice challenging t^aome rowdrTheBepublicansi,of Baltimore paraded last figures of his prophetic insight tolief. If there was no other cause for the con- demiiation of the President and the clique ofnowdeplore his misfortunes,theaffairs, to be a matter of muchsignificanceAt this point the conAutaa reaped a UghCT point,of aU.)updinia. So for as the immediate concerned, step ojof what maimer of men are, it is extremely there have been tm other1fMBBMtaBS1Xaita^^ru.TonvoBram.countriesknowsembassies;ment At to-day.SpecialTerm of the sameCourt,legislative profligacy, and the election of rep- resentatives who shall be proof to corrupt in-Neapolitanagesisthmus, protectioning fa- jumping into the water and wading ashore. ing!theiiwiiwalliezistsdForsuirendertegtheaccused, Crmfts. asthe««t3ence in the forgery case seemed com-ieat|it,eiidIef»;iroiL,buB>y^atto/e-^i^Acappesl^^^MniceeededinaroMtagto aerelydiA^fromothersofbiskind,inbeingthe Xegislatnre a eitancter for pu- 'acta of vai. lawless Tt&nce.v iM audacious partisan, and very little of aiabased on very false ai)d estimates degrading,the Bepublicans of thathave defaultingprobably territory byor book andplaces of residence—every trick and artifice to se-of the manhood and morals which have con- Saidinia. There was also a report that the Sanli- trol of public action in the Free States. For nian'Ambaasador at St. Petersburg had received too much of the in which it iserased the invasion of byfor theonly contempthis passports. The departure of the Papal Nuncio held by Southern leaders, the North has tobe obtained at a road Oompany.heavypresencecost to tlie Kail- near the person 6f the Italian King. upon."from Paris ia alsq announced, and the event islooked upon as the forerunner of the Pope's quit-tine Bome. In other respects Italian afiairs're-midiMH generally unchanged. A corps d^armee of tives. We have Invited the contempt of thewould be indeed a lamentable thing, were it atare further declared to have made themselveslice force endeavored to preserve order.16«9M Piedmontese is said to have reachedNaple.s. South for of the Acc«rffing to the Paris Patrie, Gabiba.ij>i, as soon years by sending politiciansa* llisannexation of the Two Sicilies to Sardinia invertebrate class to represent us at Washing-has been proclaimed, will resign all political ton—men who had not moral courage enoughto British men-of-war for succor aijid protec- to the Crimea and to the quent reduction of the Democraticnight, about SOO^nde-Awakus turning ont with stalk abroad in the dismal garnituretorches, capes and caps. They were grossly iu- of congenial language. Thus it is with theand it was determined to'cle4|tlie i(M*tre Royal Sgfaness, the Prince of but tbe Republicans. Police oficeia, ntimbrrlng their stars to the festivals of the Italian Crown Wales, did or did ncit send a diamond neck- under the command of Manhataatted during their progress tiirough the strep's,and several bricks were thrown into theit ranks,^ -Northern mind in its cibservations on SoutherninthesaloonsoftheVatican.A MoDKL Frikno o¥ TiiK Umo.\. A eorre-nearlj^two hundred,New- Kakz,'wereputtowork,andafterhalfaakovtkawithout, however, any injur>-Kanx. Tliey marched to the Front-street Theatre, where attempts were made to, organize a meetingTo triewere by a large body of protectedmoreenlightened 0§fiirierandwasbuilding disgorgedquence. Theypolicemen, under command of Chief-MarslialentireTbey congregatedments outside, continuing to groan, biss and howl« whilst quiet was restored inside, leaving, however.of the (Golden Circle. He tells us the active lucky Cardinal I'rinco ue Koiia.v fancied but few to participate. The Wide-Awakes sat liekl oierations of the hand have been post- himself to be giving, once upon a time, to the sparsely in the parquet, whilst tbe Repnhlicaa aS-speechesweremadebyJudgeBownx,of OtsegoUnitedSlateshas an individual State to qualify negroes as voters, that wo—uld not extend equally towas made knowa amongst the outsiders, there were several rosbea olaa many special deputies as be deemed best, to Wiipct the polls on election day, againstobstructions by4he Wide Jiwakes. Tne latter measure was denounced by Itesis. AkcuxT andlJBn as wholly unwarrant- ed and unnecessaiy—they alleging that no inter-asented petitionto the House ofacted winning high praise for prcservingjorder nobly,ejttitB,Representa-thethen brought men towithout exciting any profound pubUc feeling(OegM^^natenedtrial and to«nce what^er «aS:piopoaed with honest voting. At the iMBllSjr meetJBg of the Chamber of Com-IIj;IobjectpetitionMnthtXabBitlea inshipownersrightsyvfticdin^ a report was adopted touchingsubjectand insisting uponHenrjtthe censureand, ncemsieD^gIIexijosed propertytreason to the Union, and^f simply, out of mere reverence for the rightaddressed tbe me0iBg at the scpure. IkatlMjllimaledictionsuponmostlaechnlBa^in case of collision, that the laws of England andandbrutethe Constitution to havethewas five hundred mounted minute men. Tatioaa; that the OoDSoIi of both countries should have jurisdictionbusinessmea,metchaBta,&c., were in the procession. AU now agree Aatcommitted on board the vessels of either,^ and deserters beinac- ous IGov- would it in peril, baits on this journey to putover - allpettycHmestest for Assemblymen,Kings County,weightin thecontrol of the Federalsuch an petition, offering insult,as heregard-the samecoitfag to the laws of either countryquires especialequalitystantly appealed to, would seem, therefore, toiMli a- graad d—wwith byright of registiation in the Unitai States as tliehave aahlpa of other nations have in Great Britain;^^^^_^From Oar Owa Ooirespeadeat. K BAuiiioia, Tnesday, OcL 10, loao g.Britain would reciprocate, by abolishing allTuesdaytlfis Union-saving suggestion, cannot be t<?o That duty"••restriction was constitutional.authority,that the Democratic Party has, in three of thewanted to aid directly in the crime of dissolu-Breckinridge Partyac- ;TheijIthe liideous omens which haveonly mystery of that merits Austin. Texas, interestict,' ul'ws of the Order other diamond necklace which the un-spirits. pave-come to —it is but for them to threaten and for them to stamp their feet atCity TreasuryWednesday, iiMtodiog $600,000 then collected of under the fury of their glances. Time hasthis Tear's tanpr' Upon a rumor that one of the been when this calculation would haveAlwut the time theadjournment; «»» Y. CcTLEE,H. L. Clintos, the candidateof secession have;addlepatesMr. John C. Uathee, and others. Altogether the believe that meeting was considered a success. for tis to fallThe Aldermen held a brief session last evening. a The Chamberlain's statement showed that thefinally.jeopardyUnion, and proposedits reference to aplete aoAJttongrity,whichitfaasnotpoaaessedwithinrecent andpointcleutjr'lhewayin%iU<%'flietrea-' politicbn."'.^,-.. , II ^....says, areforcapacitydespaired of,Wbh DisgraocMftoeeediag*—fcnragMwof the grocery and U<}UOr store No. OS Di-;hoped<|jH|fe«BoagfaBrer.blame its own previous and most pernicious folly in the selection of unworthy representa-Mr. Sanpi'oed, in his letter to Secretary Cass,authority and assume the title and duties of the to standCommander-in-Chief of the land and sea forces ofSoatlmn Italy. Queen YicrOBiA and her suite cies and speak cpt the honest sentiments of tional pride, cap be produced ii^ abundance.had returned to England from Germany.It is for these offences—for that matter, of the German Powers,may follow the Legation of France without responsible civic officials of New-York nowWm.-^•- 'Oib correspondent at Shanghai furnishes usWitkiiateiesting details of Chinese news to the 18thofA^;B8t. TheAlliedfleetanchoredafewmilesfrottfte mouth of Ihe Pei-ho on the 30th of July, dure the daily insult of secession threats. ant Ate deba^ation commenced on the 1st of Au- This is our appointed penance for so long hav- |;ai^t—the French securing the honor of first land-essentially compromisingdestinies.to propose turn,upthose who sent them.to our na-A correspondent at Shanghai, whose letter appears in this morning's Times, confirms thethe lat« attack of the Rebels on that city, Ameri- can residents were indebted to British powerfor their safety. During the revolution in which Victor must onward to theThere was an evident determination on the spectators to lireak up the meettng.—herIn modem limes the diplomatists of legiti-the Sheriff into a kind of ex- temporaneous Captain Rtndebs, and to organ-I^^lly, E.being partially restored, Col,ear.But all thein theof their constituen-allowed a class ofyou would steal a ulgg^r whole,''dignityincapacity, quiteashumiliatingof tfeacall the meeting to orter. ImiaeAateiy gfatMM^ faissess and hovriings echoed throngbbut the hrililiiy Totces could be heard vociferating: "Gett^eUBlaKdidthe sins of our fathersinwe, their children, are now compelled to en-great part^thatandsupple time-servingm^gmr^^'Iipi,pi. piiH^.iii..r..j|^"[IfW''enoughto place their convicUonrett^a^tsj ~ .—beyond question.An investigation by the Fire Marshsiiof the cir-sonable task shall be esactM^Uis to bememoiy, is as muclrltlnatter of self-interest cumstances attending the buniing, on iMtlfenday to Kings, as it is to Uew-Yoik pr Erie and.opposedx^awayea<; tirooopie*tooneaddresstoiFiy»Doij.A»a. beforeJusticeLrONABD,Mr.EvAsnconcluded respectivelytoMessrs.Callicot,DarcVand estcivicprivilege.wio tnS tend tu a CM> of FIYG oui- of the defendants in the>erw>« the argument private JoNKS, in a whoseEffort^eCtt»Peiiee.tdikm nay reeow an eXrs a>nf^ tamttlf, or retain Seventh-avenue Railroad case, and Hr. Anderson community intelligence,Russia aod Italy.^ip delay voting on that day, thwefore,ni*'MB*ra aad a Malft Jtu compematiim.ru H«W-T<MIK tUIES (Weeily)—Two Doilama submitted, in a short 3rgument,points On behalf of exerted independently of party dictation,Rtnlvtd, That the SherliT of this County be re-tin "opl" ^'" ^'^'CCorporation.quested deputiesye»rt'«*a eaplea Tlmn DolubsM*. iAiyjerwBlrtowtWOTnrfwani/ii/TEIs *.^ Justice BoKHKT overruled a demurrer to a com-tbeUr. Nonacondudas the argu-should ensure the most censure of emphaticextremely positiveand authorised to appoint as munjr special for each and every district, where the elec-««.« «» txtra con for »TM: the Directors of the plaintagainstnHM,. of »V eoe*. »ik<rfiM^e^ may rtUim One DoUar «'*"'^<"'^ffh' lowest Insurance Company, seeking to make them per- fluences.- All right-minded men will, we ference has bome its first fruits and That theon application. CAUFOBNIA is publtahod on thetru^t, in this instance at least, the supportsonally liable for a policy for IHOJOOO, issued upon;paternalRepublican Wide-Awakes. nnnOeTinc ebont unlfanned and bearias torekM^ mm through the streets with mosie, bo-MoRAK. KSLLT ft for an Co.,alleged inftingement of letters patent of Doughtt k Dbapik, for what is known as the woyen skeleton skirt, was brought to trial, b<>fote Judge Nilson and a jury.AmericanThe capture of the late William WALKKa'byto misrepresent our opinionsniggeri£ed hypocriteyonlie^ift misoi^thePeh-tang Village, having been pre-viously abaiiHonet} by the Chinese, were occupiedbylbpAlUeanextday. Tbe position of the Chi-nese ootbe Pei-ho Bivitr is represented to be a very Houses of Congre^,and all the other touiches•trbng one, and, in addition to these fortifications, of public life having access to the South- allowed such consolation and comfort as thenave two bodies of troops, one numbering ernplace-huntersand cast suspicions on our manhood, in bothSicily the American flag was seldom seen inItalian waters, and during the Syrian massa-cres American citizens in Beyrout were never of the Italian race^ in these long, centuries of accept the greatness thus thrust, upon him'.New-YorkCitythey404m, apd the other from 40,M0 to 50,000. Itwaa^eipected that the attack would certainly bemade on the 12th or 13th, as a longer delay mightresoit in a great deal of sickffi^ from the malariaof die marshes. Mr. WakS, our Minister, wasvritli the Allied fleet, as was our entire naval force one time or other, to become soured at its the just claims of our people, and from the Rio French Empire, which has become legitimateappearance of a national vessel would have go prove, afforded them. The petty Republics on our that complaisance which fails to receive ap- own continent have long befen permitted to preciation at its true worth is certain, at treat with contempt, and indefinitely postponeexperiencesof lifetosubversive of traditions which,i)ro])pedup in his weakness, this is sufficient to con- sittn its authorstoouterdarkness. Forthis our pleasant brethren of the South by reveal- the sectional candidate for the I'resideney is,of serious conse- institutions. We have not wished to shockinglongto theof the Administrationvisible toevery intelligent eyeand deliver addresses, but a crowd of antagonistic States, when contemplating the etfect which from the a people filled the Theatre, who interfered with tiie jieople signaland such a proceedings to such an extent as to call for the in- disunion could not faU to produce upon the rebuke it will undoubtedly receive at the pollstertwence by the police, w^ho cleared the biiiUiiiig South. It has ^been the sincere wish of our on Tuesday next.until after the clectioji, at Ihe rciiiiest Queen Maria Antoini-itk of France. Our cers and orators the occupiedstage, piatfonns, theof dIbBt Bepublicans. After a few brief addressesThe of ihe Bell and Everett Minute praise. parademen' also took place last night, and If rc^preseuted j to have been quite a brilliant affair.good feelingthattUeyshould never realize theponedof " several Southern Governors;" and that if Mr. Lincoln be elected, the Order will beThe benavior of the Balti- more mob on this occasion was most disgracetul.polished cotempofary accordingly devotes halfdress circle and the boxes.E. Jot Moxeis, of Philadelphia, now made a Mefthemealing dispersed.The speech of Hon. William H. Seward, de-livered at Seneca Falls on the 30th ult., will be has been mistaken foror the omi^ion of their ballots from the count. our cour- Judges and Inspectors, who are sworn toRegnantAlbany,impugned thefound in fall in the columns of the Tixis thiswith the instructions of the Elec- The services of the organization are evidently tleman," compliance astion law.' are exhorted to commit this snug therefore to be transferred from the southwest-monODg.Those friendly to the election of JoB-N C. fraternal affection for a sordid and unscrupu-civilizedSUXBVB, to represent the Third Congressional lous of Proud of that "IHitiiet, met last night in large numbers at the spirit gain.ivncticai of Franklin, Hudson and Varick streets, which was for the most part a complimentary Fifilk Ward. Es-Eecorder Tillov presided, and endowment made by Northern orators, thetit-bit of Union-saving perjury. Why not? cided that negroes arc not citizens of the;and many, fearingdangers hoveringoverthem,nor betaughtbut tKe conduct of the Police force was worthy of how entirely they are dependent lioth for joRjTY.-T-One of the latest watchwords ofand the North.by Party, the exclusion from the polls of coloretl votersprosperity upon their aUiauce with But it would now seem that our politenesssafetynotwhereas, if he be not elected, the Mexican England with offering brilliants to the Queen- name mentioned, sjxike briefl}', and was followMgiven point,balance was ^2,188,060 10, on tately, forgetful of our rights, while coweringpai&a bitend to Under the Opposition at the pollsproved The bold-other volunteers, if Spain made a hostile de- parallel thai there can be no doubt of tbe itrcets. .And some of them, as also a few 8}>ectators,Vera Cruz." Assuming that Old San Jacintocorrect, but that time has passed.Intio* £r the appointment of as many special of&- ness of Southern menace, and the audacity of" " right thing!uai Too^y, was grounded the passage of a reso-monstration againstsuch language, an assumption not to be madewere bit,but notseriouslyhurt. Oao or twopoliceceis fat that day as tbe Sheriff may choose, to pro-tect the rights of voters. The Annals of Congress,firom 1T89 to 1824, were announced to be sentfrom the Department of the Interior, at Washing- graceful yielding. We are face to face with a just;ton, to be placed in the City Library. A resolution direct andto domineer" friend who once tion the better of valor, refused to nnite with iiia partwas passed providing tor aCuinmlttee <rften, to as-haughty attempt, terror over the Northern mindof friends. Nopistols,noranykindofdeadlywtupiha,andfor lilWItlhasbeencarriedout. TheCouncihnen resistancetosuchpresumedascendency,alldined"withhermostGreatBritain. Whatcanitpossiblybe?^^ —Wonderful Change of Sestimkst. About such open demonstrationscertain whether the contract forprompt the instincts of Northern manhood for the firstof the filli- the whole mSlter belongs to tlie indi- bustering Governor. Bitt the suspi-gracious MajestySixlii-condniied with the Aldermen in granting the n^aif at the foot of Desbrosses street, Nortli Kiv.er, fi>r the use of the new ferry to Jersey City allOw to empower the Sheriff to appomt, at his.^ii.-;thepavingj;ously, it would be suflicient perhaps to say, treason have escapedwere used. The whole objectto be toofand for us to retreator The promised "dumb brutes" oxen, asses, dogs?what wasto leave us no courtesy on which to hang the pretence of aSouthernofof Editors, Princes, Queens, dinners and dia-monds. It is the heartrending thought thatwe are left to the cruel mercy of conjecture in countered the |n%Tious skirmishes, thinking disero-insult, conspirepegAt>out a dozen of the offenders were arrested.Wa. Gmniisoii, Esq., noted Republican, wlio en-time are aroused andthe issue of secession on a candidate legally;and,certainlytheymake elrctedbyamajorityoftheelectoralcolleges,cryaloud. Ifdifference between 1806 and 1860 is notable in the fact that projects whichwe standpoints at which concession becomesand sad as will he the alternative of offending our brethren of the South, it would be a less evil than the voluntary surrender of our imder the coercion of Southern alarmists. The North will elect Abraham Lincoln.— ThiAssembltCostbstinKings. Thecon-totion offerstimony in the cast.of the Spiecial Committee, with instructions to report againstso well as" rocky" at times.preparedtomeet it.There arepresstives, for a peaceable dissolution prayingtheyiron abominations until they were sent tb the locsl charges" and Governor. After their return with a veto, Mr.ezcitemeot bi tiiaa- eansed mafaitr by the of. the well-kaowa BaaUag,Id- mnu Boston lor Mobile, whence Capt. w9 proceed to New-Orleans.be intended head their lawless expedition, and plunge thehadto -nearly |8,000. The Minnie SchiMcr lican member from themayAsnKEW ami Samueltheir mil- But there is much reason tothe hint public life has not been entirely discreditable,did buat- gentlemen, Kess under the name of J08M8 Lis & Co., andafivihanded last Tuesday, and brooghtto be intended for the mostit is to be hoped the language has been falselyQUACKiSBUBii, on a'charge of tor- 'muchwith which those use Texas for their pur-statingfirm conOaaaA^J -custody Ion from the Governor of;t1ili"nnfif tlffllCilTtbitlMr. T)>MmBh|#)^ implicatedleturnm the recent winIt two or three years*'"""°'-'<°'< for thurcoherentlya matter of very little moment whether or not and order, who, to prevent revolution, secretlyago,Ipsov—theboi^RMdMngthOTA b^4faMMMtM%|f4te bagngaKUr of a Hew-Tork andMnrsQ^vm cS<4n)ad,(Hii^ neara^^pwiwtlthat Westpott,Ooun. KwhMgW'irttiesthe money been havingliglit-BoBBBXa,faithfiil tosuspectyears ago. After Mr. Joassioir'f deatii itCallicot was the only one of the three whohe fulfilledby pledginghimself toery Moral.—nusnlag,House of JoatAB Lii * Co. Their notes aad drafts i\graceto abandon his needlesssupportcratic Party.—A distinguished clergyman of Brooklyn, known as the banking establishment of Johitsiob 4cbeen in the Freewith others, responsioleforeign iiolieyTheprecipi-that he shouldagaindisgrace;interest from the circumstance eminent. That jof so con- encourage an enterprise which, if it be not States,ed to the Nation. This occurred at a time it,when Slavery was excluded from nearly all the Territories Of the Union by act of Con-dealtreeoBunending that foreign ships should have the Districts, renominated members who last Win- demandf logically, that the brutes who are tion, pledged;byber, of the propriety of throwing open to British the session. Messrs. Calucot, Darct,' and ," " isa career of trea-Uon to-morrow night, as alie the Doogias mea bat :themselveaalso recommending the discussion, in the Cham- aU the profligate measures that distinguishedandshipping the trade between tbe Atlantic coastinganaPacific ports, it being understood that Qteat "dnes," " passing tolls,"" comyolsory pilotage," in the Colonial trade ofthe iawrican lakes.the (obscriptions for a testimonial to Capt. WiL-distinguished:;of strongly reprobated. IttheirJones, were found voting steadily for the grid-Congresswhen not even Mr. Wise W.terfidelitygress,and proposed other. from the South, are good enough at tlie North to the Confederation in that its results or dreamed of The same Mr. Wisetogood enoughtosend members toboth act sepvatelyaad with marked taOBtiUty to eaek,this transit of 1850, waspolicypendingon the result.Theyhavealsodesperate politicianswJiether Hislace to "Mrs,^overnor Moi:QAx"ofWMVli crew, which are still going forward, now the bills, and vote with M^ Rssxx, the Repub- simply to frighten colored voters from the country in a causeless war, which would behave gone to protest. This house was fiwmerty Lxa, ecHBinenoed by them between thirty and for^ently opposed them and Dabcy were morethat for eloquence, received, a fisw days since, aleticr from a responsible BoatbemAndtaken out of the of (iffered for the steadfast and earnest promo- posesJ!iew-Xoil(beifirolun(w%anithelplessl}'ea^ prwtpttlM-anltitade,whoseworstpassionaCoi&^, througfaoht.Who consist- polls, or to discourage them with the impres- act^mpanied and followed by an interminableaddict themselvescheerfully. Circumstances render ah vxe*B»oihim. Messrs.to that duty,wdM Mr. B>»3, who was one of Ihe moneyefl partnaia;'I I IIJ qpIILL jpil|.-<l«|M^,W 1.^ytio-ifotti gititt0, itto^^,9^.yppinight, m avision-street, has, resultedagainst its proprietor, a German, niuned Simon ingly presented tickets in the Districts here- that every man, whatever his aiiade^ who isadmitting his guiltsatisfactorycharge of arsoncountyaccord-last 'eTeiM)|fc.«iideavoTed to deserve well'of entitled >to vote, shall exercise his right, in de- their comiHyby passing the following resolu-andCahmeykk andAKDRcs are ttie namesThe Republic may well befear stands between the elector and hiswhen high-—yetwhenan outbreaklikethatthat infest thelives and property of American citizens couldonlyFxisch S. Evass, edSor of tke toot to m^e a speech. He waa on tbs station. litis, fact gave great dissatisfac- source, and curdle into a brief but peremptory Grande to Cape Horn, whenever an American since it has forced its sister empires to swal- the excitement of the great Presidential elec- greeted with awfnl howling and blssiiig, aad witktiOB-tD the Ameriaaii residents of Shanghai, who demand for equal and exact justice. When finds himself in need of he does not coald not see the aaciessity of two i&merican war protection,"atasMRS at the Pel-ho, especially when Shanghai the prophet, who speaks only smooth things dream of seeking it under his own flag, or must perforce stand aside and look askance, preserve* its refined interest in the calmer shipper'." &c. He iiiiiiiiiiiii|fc'mii iHiig.iTsilaHr force-jtt Ab city to defend it was onlymo^regardhawttt ^^ receive later news fromHavana. There biglit, the chances are a thousand to one, if wanMports of another steamer having landed acaija of negroes froqi the coast of Africa. Our he be a man of human passions, that he willflected honor on their country or sustained thereputation of its diplomacy.The disrepute into which it has been possi-ble for a single Administration to bring the for-eign policy of the country almost exceeds be- the Ambassadors of the great Powers whichPrince who has dined perfect The Infernal bedlai^coirespondent transmits the information that the bark Jufra, (rf New-York, had been sold to slave- traders, and would sail from Havana to the Canary lalands and thence to the coast.shake off the palsying chains of politeness, place his tongue in full communication with his brain, and allow the sterncestors shaU know his presence no more;his to a Governor's wife. an|id it be -tnt comjielled to desist ^aad retire ia grateful good-willnot in disgust, quietly naUng Us exit tlux>agfa tiie private appear,ard who dare nottrulyreveal the disastrousrebuket>NK Way to Rkdcce the Kkpiulican Ma-negroesbrutes authorities asof the petitioners.;orators and and are carried forwardand what right, we are asked,;Gen.Houston,andcoming awaythankfulfor histhe matter further. somethingarciire described;Thisthe South with a storm of in-joinandnouncing and mischiev- the bitterestbreathing those whospeakerscountry.sponcientof the NorfdkArgus,sends frominsignificanceto the;theonly reply is, that the entire subject of the week, in a public speech,pin.controversy. doingelectoral franchise and its basis, htis been left by the Constitution to the several States. Each State has to say who shall vote for Presidents, just as it says who shall vote forGovernors, or other local officersproces-itthose reserved powers of which so much isBut the Constitu- more than negative tes- At the South these very classed with thedid. The prospects appeared very The Bell md Everett procession has just passed opnotoriouslyby politicalthewas received bydignant denunciation,foremost invenerable patriot and friend of Union, for,is one ofdidemploythat on Tuesday theregood citizens at ttie voting plim^o insureVHiitiom.tmkii Ui «ttl«a «iiIf we are to accept thebut equally uncircumstantial assertion of aSunday morning telegram sent from Liver- tion Is held, as be may deem proper to defend the pool to Queenstown, the Warsaw'Con- tightsoftheelectorsofthisCity."Cm.e>ta this SvaalBB. new, patentable. patent, Victor Emanuxl is a this natural that the of illegal hrlCkwaa thrown into the mdu —— 'aencouraged buyers to purchase the principal kinds BMknro 'iEUSStV—Day and Snnina—Siuiasa of Breadstufis freely, and as unusually activeihiu Wawlrbt—J«*i>«aii>HM Buibuh. DqOVOBTKS aidiOOli^^ciEi.in foreign protection from the United Statesof theapocalyptic journal, the Leader, of this City.Prices of Flsur and Whoit advanced. Cotton was in request at buo^- ant^Ntes. Groceries, M«tals, Naval Stores, Whis- BMUV ik.fUUMSDi'3, mble's Saloon—Ethiopiui ky, Hemp and Oils were quiet. Provisions were unsettiea. The freight engagements were more'{UiUL4inaaf^». aat-WEmocKi fu> gaucet or Oa Panggw.NE\KrS OF THE DAY.Bjr tho arrival of the steamship BohemioH ofl'given but tbe; diplomatic ruptureextensive.off Cape Bace, wedissolvingsubsequentbirth in his dress orBanner*, transparencies fell, and the boys picked then mp.Father Point, and thereceive four dsys later news &om Europe. The passagemost iihportaBt intelligence is that the Bussian tbe Republican Party should be successful at Embassy haa quitted Turin. No particulaia are the polls npxt Tuesday, must certainly bedialect is to be challenged for citizenship, while every other Democratic voter will be made to swear to his residence, and thatEuropa|millio'ns of dollars' worth of Ameri- against the current of the times; will see good12,006 Wis nn&iedkindvotes should be ute abhorrenee.them with abso-geDena dUpgeitton ta allow " and adeterrainatlenaiibusing was transacted.againstthe defendants.being^unable'to keep the police of our owncanjiardlythought likely seriouslytoregarded by'^- j—j- tbeput oflbe.' Effects of the Disunion Cry-The eflTorts of Southern politicians to co- erce the judgment of Northern men by threatsofment;and Mr. Sakdfobp, who has just re-The toLeader, which the secrets of all politi- is lllumutated. They will also have a maas "»«'«<<-gthe Union, and theof non-intercourse resolutions, in caseAnd it is much more than probable that Alkx- which they do not know to be pledged to their own upon bv a crowd of half-grown boys and mes, aad ANDEE II.. if he has thus committed himself interest. Every man betraying symptoms of foreign scattered in all directions. tqrcliM atd.The how- nity to the Iiondon Times to have anotherpolicyover, was snstaiaed by-the Couit, and a verdict of fling at the United States, and to accuse us ofmere isantotqAef,authorities to prelect theob llhey stiUkaUa aas^.Jbd^IjmUL KKCVKV TBXATBE—Pbtuo UIB Fasot— impMred and left off firm in the afternoon at an out by facts, and particuWy by Mr. Sasbtobd's King of Italy to make his great title a firmly,nMap jgHJB'g-CABD*S--QThefltoekOnce estiMiUeb thi^upon an extended basis, and what^^JBnaii'aOrua.'advanceof ii^li<|»-cent.and the reality peo|de'occa- sion for the putieular demonstistion which these worthy oQcials have now made in favorNew-Tort Central 83 <|^ cwt; against 8X1- the previons afteniopn.putpfparticular;seas.Unforttmatelythe accusationAmerican citizen wlio has in-'rtieBeUud£T«nttJHlBa|»Kaa.iiiBMMri^,««h. btber elobs, seven to ton thtidaiad, are aowalM ' marching in toretiUght proceas i— throiigk the .friast- palstreets. Ittsagraad aibfr. Thtwhete poiwHa tion seems io be oa tbe pavemeota, is the wtoJowa, doors, *e. There is intease exettemeat, and tlie eitrTimes.terests at stakeperfectly wen that they receive but slenderEveryRussianThat Isthmus is the most important highway of travel be-example immediatelyinpoint.Monument-square.Baltihobi, Thursday,, Nov. 1—10 P. M.beinteifere with tbe now inevitable effort of therepentbent him from the wiseIntense,beeaper-whothe Platta? Them 'their faith and hope in him a nation of united fircemen.formidably shaking the fabric of social or po- turned from Panama, furnishes us with a fresh litical order by their defection. ConstitutionalSpain continued to exist very comfortably for cal hearts are known, announced on Saturday innearly a quarter of a century without the be- that thezens, six hundred tons of United States mails, a hundred millions of American bullion, andhave beenGovcm- on the likt) provocation, without found in the revelation just made by thatwith- drawn, ere this, from other Courts" Republican leaders have concocted a for the Atlantic and Pacific States. It is nignant presence of a Muscovite envoy in the planWhen tbe Wide-Awake proeesaion was estimated that fifty thousand American citi- corridors and the galleries of -the Escurial. with Instructions to challenge and delay every vote entering Front-street Theatre to-night, it was itweenstattSuiag two Wlde-Avrakes at everv polhng-place,mdnycan merchandise are annually conveyed acrossrecentlyproofofof the weakness which hasarchy will find itself incomplete without theof hisreason toThe excitement issonal iDjury, except that GxisWide-Awake Marshals, Is said to have been hurt wIMk a brick.When all got inside the theatre, ttie hisses, gtoaa* and howls were such that It was imposd>la to kear the About a hundred and of the Po-of his Premier, he has no betsthreatened by the sav- GoRTscHAKOFP, loug before the Italian mon- prepared elaborate arguments agaiuEt allonrtng fire-ornamentaltheopening of tlie river Magdalena, as cases in approach to a cordial reconstruction of that supposed, is to be the practical exclusion, by fatal Austro-Ppussian system which led the delay and annoyance, of some forty thousandinstances the of Walker and the capture;upshot yfmatter,But other examples of administrativegrave.For Italy, the Legations of Russia, and, in the Citt.report previously received,thatduringhave plished facts.learned toaccom-respect.—Even amidKing passboxnumber of Republican voters.for him by all^ the prayers, and hopes, and dieams and deedsdestinedcapital already preparedEurope^Thb New Diahoko Necklace.and even Pope Pius himself may live to seemaythe very throes and crisis of our national stage gateway wdifelt <i;{(ci|PV Ua part.lending who have him glory of their embroideries and the gleam ofof their lives, are now broached fearlessly, andtowards realization to the same conditions, without any intervention of Government. to transfer and treatment as Gen. HocsTOM, who is stumping his State, de-to enterson no less criminal, and only less dangerousrepeal.to take part in the choice of a President—a will be less immediately experienced. His now insists that the Union shall be dissolvedview that will to the Federal Government, and to probably be reduced to practice obligationsnext. his own oSieial position, made it his duty tu But the tliirst for disorder, which prompts arrest these men, and disperse their followers.because a man is about to be elected to the Presidency who iasists that that act of Slav-onhasbeen a•J"'**'^ to.day,uponTheredal asd stock dndes^iT. Wise has joined the Demo- siupenakm, lUsa man whose whose for benevolence is as aa Messrs. Jones sion that their votes if cast will be rejected. train of evils. For the credit of reputation ,greatwhenever occasionof this City and sent to tion of corruption, did these three worthies result by those popular outbreaks, in which from the previous declarations of the old chief, this clergyman for $30,000, pocketug the loss up to tills time, but the present proprietors an J. O*-Honaire proprietors.incendiary pur-that he had thirty-five daves whose market lalue was |30,000. bat which h$ woQld sell togddenTothepeopleofBrooklyn,it is,ofcourse, motivesoftheseadvocatesofunion,andlaw taleId* servantsderriUnd,he-wooldmakethenecessary alwayssustahiedahighcr«dUtaii<laWgia*edrroi>.to excitetumult, and embarrassthereported.But it gathersi>robaI)ilityMr. Lia'8 demiseearly saleto some one or at public netlon, In^ieiative, and Jr., retired fromthesame nominalfroni the opinions, if no other, for their un- and the popular voice lost in riot and uproar. petty conspiratorsDAi-aTJtrix, Ca«iand ballot-.boxes are apt to be crushed>or stolen, and tgUMD' ot tlrJlBTir^*''"' Adams Express Com- faltering consistency. The fact ihrows instructive light upon the posesimpunityand we are justified in accepting a rather than haveUntitled Document;and their cheap to any party desir-six months since. The &ins hara oteight M15OT.as a fresh illustration of that Union senti-partedin incessant (dans for tbe oreitfarow of (h« ffuviu SLobkwThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mentwhich findsexpressionIbsih aMK&:ee.of theirSt home a»<l abnwd. Ii9«W W^HBnPMiwM^—of the torbuleat In tbe street and on theby any partiesit ismajoritya column of space to show that the rash crea-revolution, issued the Secession is subject to the commands of those Governors ; tures who have dared to charge the heir of' speech, and was uninterrupted, .\ndther pemB,;" as- large pecuniary'Dr. Wxiss, a German, who said a few wonte.poltroonery,teousness for a lack of moral courage, our truerefers to theGovernor of Texas. world, " a friend of ours once dined with, theaJjoum,campaign will open withsistance firom several of the Southern States."ofcharacter of Albekt EditakiibyThingsCoils announced a motion too'clock was carried, and the meeting adjourned.previously made their way outtrouble, did not nnite with the procession or go to the theatre.propriety as so chivalry,"' Uas not the United States Supreme Court de- event of disunion. But the most striking item main on this subject, says the Courier to theofTlie writerGen. BtcKLF.Y and my>eU had a conference dinner and his wines, never dreamt of send-thismoiTiing.the crowd to meet the Republicans coming oat they were, amid a strong police force, enabled make their exit unmolested.but tointelligence says"too rashly, seeing the ^witnessby treme case of the quadrupeds be urged seri- the case of Aaron Bcbr and the penalties of respect to the name of theanonymous and Dixon's Line. Should, therefore, the ex- and unvouched for, it might be suspected thatnow heard from the other side of Mason'smemorydoubt be unfounded.^ateState rights, is actually dissolving the Union, the condition of" the country invidualwouldwould mostno deplorableu.eighteen years ago, John Qcincvdlsi^tproval dty.itnot be for a party, who, upon a question of TheTke AMeniMi aaftheTheir Kxcellencies, the Boart of Aldermen,Platt and the rest of ourthe maguificent speech in which the civic fitthera should cherish a tender regard three hundred Count DK Cavoi-r has just laid down the fbr the rights of the electors of New-Tork can now marchingThegrand basis of Italian development has been surprise no oite. It is to these electors that ners, 4c. They afe guarded aand becomes.engineladder houses to be given asliberty of nnlicenaed voting is to berepresentative cure delay la the enrollment of votes being resolvedFor Russia, such action taken by the Czar To this flagitious plot the Republican Police fpeakers. fillyNov. 1—II P. K. After the Wide-Awakes and their RepuUIcaa aUies, amid great excitement and the terrible coniBO- which American citizens are under obligations Czar Nicholas blindly and haughtily onward voters from the polls, and the serious conse- tion caused by the Immense crowd of spectaton aad turbulent boys outside, got inside the Theatre, tte others rushed in, filling the Theatre to safiwaUaa.and thetion.BAinaoai, Thursday,all conceivable that it could be followedOn the strength of this precious st jry thepartmacyin process of formation. The steps through it will be to preserve the parity of the ballot- CoALxrespectThe Kingdom of Italy is stillize underto behis command a newEmpire Club,styled"whoseSpecial Deputies,'"duty-the head& of an indefiuite The Sheriff is hardly, we think, the man toby breakingwhyBlack Republicans; O, yon niggar wgnk^pec ffTigwstions wen kowMl revolutionary in their form, and in no slight public opinion to prevent. In time, the con- finally ensued, wfaetk President CsAU again eadeaHoltifanous -other suchalmost desperate expectation, are necessarily' but we invoke ihe most peremptory actUm of out stentorloualy. 4sUght htterval of partial qalitdegree maticwhichens the peace and order of the metropolis.feelsitselfforcedtostillThe Legitimist Powers and even thediplo-. summationofaannouncetheobjectofttelow the Napoleonic death-warrants of Vienna, tion the New-York Courier and Enquirer cries of,You old hypocritical nigger wor-and atStatesabroad,appointed since Mr. Buchan- aside Lincoln and Disunion for an Hecourageouslypersisted,andendearowdiaa once done, the conditions of the position will hour,naadtoeatened hf a Bebct force of ^,000, which from a courteous desire to avoid offence, once from his own Government. With some few of socialwanMorted to be <8Uy four miles off. The whole Icams that his hearers him as a cow-andexceptions, the representatives of the United Cavock arc doing their great work. That work the esthetics of mankind. It has just put yells, hisses and bowlings drowai^ UsaboBt 1,600lif the arrival at this port of the steamship Ca- and boding visions which flash before his an's elevation to the Presidency, have not re- he found to materially be changed. Francis to inform us all that nothing can be more in- voice to make Umself beard, but ke ^HHglBnS ai-1whUe VicTOu Emanuel, and Garibaldi and aspectshistory,watches overthe end of half everyplanprofoundly /threat-decorous than forY. of France, when the Kingdom of his an- with a Governor to send any token of have exhibiteif^ greater scene ofII. of Naples will take his place with HexisyjiTo the it ordinary mind,York.Enquirer, the question appears setsondand ignorantwith whom Queen,"not only assured us, but he ing the Queen so much as a blue glass breast-Of courseiscionof San last Antonio,This settles theno Prince could ever think ofofhaveproved themselves to bewhich at U ern to the northern frontier of theseStates in the many Kaflirs. That no doubt may re- A good many Republicans, being intimidated, hadpeopletake thcfid(ifkr>ii cross the Rio Grande with not done by a " friend of the Courier and En- A few bricks and missiles were thrown at tbethelargest possiblefore'' of Tcxnns and quirer." The circumstances arc so exactly sion of Wide-Awakes asthey pas.^ed throughthe'•as a gen-now lookeddispiritingand when Gol. dreary,:;in each case. One only cloud,therefore, now rests over this brilliant vision officers were slightly, though accidentally, injured.eetbig, afterthepandcintbe FiDm-stteet1!be«re.break theup meetingand signify a In a SouthernAdams Col. Chief Marshal of Foltee, and his pre- Kasx,mea,ofprominentMaryland will go for Bsll and Evaaaii.bat there has Baimtt,no obe of IkeorderCoALK, Chairmaa, came forward aad attfmfftffil to"a,^«ir- abevt the Bell and Everett men offeilag to coalesce witlf Ikevored to call to order andmeeting, the names of the speakers, fee.At last Rev. CoLthePatriot, got1tomense mass meeting now beUigheld there. It wasBaltimore-street to Monument-square,A. Wise was three miles long, and magnificent The chief fsa^B*tatton. and the name*^agQ|^*"**^>.'spearedi:the im- www.fultonhistory.comam'- 