 persons, who, although able to pay for the con- NEW YORKHERALD. Thiseveningwillbeheldinandaroundthe sumption,werenotsufficientlywellofftoHe.*eannexation of Texas, lost the ofpowerintideState,whichhave made him President; aad now Abrahami r A D M T OF MTJSIC, Fourteenth «treet-ItAUA» Ora- H - l . e C * S 1 l A BOB*iA. _ _ _ _ _ _ _lican party to carry on the government in the of gas companies with the public which are Oneida county. Strong reaoitttions were alsotraffic of the last year or two.AFFAIRS AT TIE NATIONAL CAPITAL.CotcarsATI, Sept 16 iflflo Flour dull and unchanged- Whiskey dull, aad 'detunes Kc. Mens pork $19 Bacon—Nothing done. Maoeymarket unchagedKIBE'S QASDEN, Brmdwff.-H-jnw.WIHTKR G A R D E N , a * e a d w a y . - F A i a x ffOH U.***»-!*'»" TlttSe.oflered, and there is no Jackson now to enforce the F i e l d . This action was expected and looked forobedience. WhatSouthern man will dareto Our politicalreaderswillbeilluminatedthis fromtheblackrepublicansof Utica. Thatlo takeorholdofficeunderarepublicanPresi-morningconcerningtheprogrammeofthecalityhas,oversincetheorganizationofthere-TBIHISSHWOPKK.UVMATTOTOCTf~pfcTATBS. Inyesterday'seditionthereappearediather>re«g..I i wWorfcHerald— Bdltlon for Europe.He ordered them to be tied firmly together in one bundle, and desired each to try his strength in breaking it. None was able to break i t He then caused the bundle to beplatform.The Cunard mail steamship America, Capt. Hoodie, will leave Boston, on Wednesday, for Liverpool.ArrAct*ra~CIAHgent They regard the Breckinridge party and report progress before a portion of the Official advices from Utah represent the condition of get anything tike a fair price for them. Then are atoiO l « H * - U WThe Rumored Purchase ot American Traasporta for the French Navy.fmsariax. Northern nun will dare to accept office in thetheir late National Convention at Syracuse, not scheme that he might offer, whether in Statenufiskm of Mr. Ltadsaj to this country. His vistt rcay be the meant of settling and adjusting several other important questions besides the modllcatioa ot the navigation laws, now pending between the two forera-A Paris correspondent of the London BertU nays that France has just purchased ten large steam transports in tbe United •tales.Being desirous of knowing whether such was the ease, we despatched a reporter to our pnaeipa! ah^pbaiiflen aad shipping sasa, ia order to anew who the fortune* coatMctor or owner was, in case snch a sale had been ef feetod, and to give to oar readers the names of the steamers in question, with whatever other lafonnatioa mightpleasethepnbUs. Hisreeeerchu,howevar, do not throw much light upon the subject, as ail the gee tlemen visited were ent irely Ignorant of aay such move. meat on the part of the French government, aad many regarded it In the tight of a canard, got up by the cer- respoadeat of the London BertM. At all events, if such anadLd!i:mhat been made it must have been madeouUids of New York \ yet this city is the only one In the United S t a t e s c a p a b l e o f f u r n i s h i n g " t o n l a r g e s t e e m e i V ' a t a v e r y abort.notioe As some doubts existed la the minds of the people as to the feasibility of obtaining so many vena.without going to the extra expanse of building them, or having to take inferior ones, we would state that there an at all times steamers of very heavy tonnage lying at ow docks thattheownerswouldgladlypartwithcouldtheyThe Mil* tor Europe will clow in this otty to morrow•ftoraooa a Anuarter put OM o'clock to go by railroad, loosed, and gave each a rod to break, which aid at a quarter to four o'clock to go by iteamboat. was done in an instant. By this image he in-with "unmitigated abhorrence," and the fear is bills had even been read. On motion of Mc- affairs as peaceful, and every disposition is manifested by expressed that the parties respectively, sup- Quade the Committee of the Whole wa3 dis- the Mormons to respect the United States officials.steam lines running between this aad other parts that do not pay their owners the common interest on the moaay invested, beside the loss occasioned by the wear aad abuse the vessels got. These parties would (aa doabt willingly part with their vassals provided the Freackern mixed, and at TOc. for Western yellow. oftheRegency,butactindependentlyofthem, Pork was comparatively quiet, with limited sales, la.eluding oew mess at $11M a $19 87, and new prime at and as if they were spies and secret agents $Ulz>. a $UM. Sugar was steady; goo/ to prime of the republican party. It is not without rea-grocery goods were scarce, aad called J_e. better; son that Mr. Seward vaunts that the republican the sales embraced 1,300 hnphmda Cuba musflovados, party will carry this State by 80,000 majority. aad 900 bown. Conee was Brmly bad, w i U l ..©derate He thinks he has the cards stocked. Thati»w~ awaiting a public sale to come offFreights were stm4y aad without obeaae of cautious politician does not often intend toTheNational Fair.CuciwATi, Sept. Hi, 1360.A CHANCE FOE NEW ENGLAND CamAiJsris.—Io addition to the immense business patronagewhich oar paper receives from New York, itscolumns daily exhibit a large array of advertise There is only one way of defeating both himThe dwelling of Rufos Gordon, one mile east of this aged S3, perished in tbe flames. Another son was badlyof a sale which is to take place on the 23th ofK«* foraction. LetallUnion,wnserrativeT*.eSremtIatomMawtt-gTa-«lgtAt.would ticties.Thereis,accordingly,suchastampede winterredWestern,pricepnaoipahynt61Mafiii amongstthemtowardshomethatthesteamers sad32100buahewiic.2Chicagospringat$1U).,aSo-' and delivered to boats. The market cioaesJtniM aoj aosamaQy tower. Com scarce, and held above tin viewsEDITOR AMD nOfWXKM.errxsK.w.COOTW ^ ^ > *TM» •"* the country. The black republicins menace put anendtotheseexsctiona. InBrooklyMan winkathisprofessedacquiesknow of several parties who have pressing bu- rye quiet Oaaal freights unchanged, at 36c onflour,l$e intheFogi- ocwheat.UMc oncorntoNew York lake import*—ition worship- siness here who will be compelled to wait from WO bbis Hour, US,600 bwmeis wheat, 8,400 baaba. cere.TX*X". «*» *<• "£*£!£Z2Zt rZ*i**t •» mtbterip'i >the existence of the Union, and something must opposition company has been started, whichb*> doue to repel the invaders.If Lincoln is elected, a large party in thefive Slave law, or that all our pers of Mr. Seward have serving expediences which the Chicago Convention.the time- tered him atfour to six weeks in London from the impossi- 3,200 biahe. one,ftVSSSbeaaeto barter, 1-000 b u b * rye Canal experts—3340 ball, flour, 94,404 buaaeoeeff "' "TIL.,—TM, M o*riwwS&XMKln£.£ *to** ./ --> —*-~ —"S-i.iL will regard it as a practical violation, onthe part of the North, of the compact of the con- the new company will not follow the examplestitution; and even if there should be no seces- of its predeceMors, and, as soon as it gets amp- WABDS SKCCRTNO THE NEXT I~W U3LATOEE.—We The profitsfrom this source, and from the rise 32,000 bushels, nt 87c. Is store. Oats quiet. Rftnointiper «p».r W * F" •«•"•»• MI•/•lone* XJtVAMISKMaWTS THIS BTESWO.Mo.*60THCRLOW WEED as MononiWFrasT STET TO- sion, on theresultbeing announced in Novem- port, falsify the pledges on which it has ob- see it stated that Mr. James Me^uade has beenber, and if the inauguration should take place tained i t If it keepB its promises to its cus- renominated for member of Assembly b y theinfreights to which the shipping interests con-3,000 barrels flour, 146,000 bushel* wheal, 4S,000busheU corn 11000 bushels oats. Shipments—7.000 barm* flour: 127.060bushstowheat:22,668hnshdnein. Frei_auH M y ^ n q r —r—» —,—»-•.NEW YOKK HERALD, ICOffDAY, SEPTEMB1369.balance cuperating their purees as wet as their domes- morning epeasd wHS a goad donaod befbre the« news was aeaeraUy kaowa, with sales of $4,0*0money lying idle in the hands of the companiesJ A M E S • O H O P * » _ • • * * T T * consider what steps axe necessary to be taken and to pay for fixings. We are glad to find Lincoln may be counting wi louthiri host inCooper Institute the great Union meeting toin the present alarming crisis in the history of that the influence of competition is likely tocannot supply accommodation for one-half theundertakes to supply gas without any of these conditions, and atfiftycents the thousand feet cheaper than its rival. It is to be hoped thatbility of obtaining berths.or three months the different companies will make a large harvest from the unusual numberwheat, 16.900 bushels corn, 6,000 bushels oats. 19 l » bushels barley, 1,400 bushels rye, 1,168 bushels pea*.charged from their further consideration, and at too o'clock la toe morning. Stag)* oopies, is wrap- structed them that united they could come on in due season, be "ranged under the the whole batch of gridirons ordered to a third pers, rx cents. victorious in every trial, bat severed they piraticalflagof the universality of the rights of reading; it was the same McQuade who madeThe EraoriAjr ED—IOS or i n Han/io will be publishedporting Lincoln, Douglas and Bell will all,Our W a s h i n g t o n Corraapondenc«. WASHXSQTO*, Sept. 14, I860.nisht resolutions denouncing' the fusion and ratify- ing the straight out Douglas ticket were unani- mously adopted. GOT. Johnson, it is said, will canvass the State, commencing at Lancaster to-day, and concluding at Pittsburg on Saturday.the common foe, bat equally antagonistic to between the radical abolitionists and their halt- each other. They are not like brethren, dwell- ing, halfway brethren of the "irrepressible con- ing together in unity, bat like so many mu- flict." Besides, the republicans have proved tually hostile camps. It is evident that if these faithless touching "the desolating scourges of relations should be continued any longer, the the rum traffic." This Convention further de- success of Lincoln, and all the consequences clares that all social and political distinctionsmay be regarded as inevitable. farms and a statute against landed monopolyMuch is expected from the Union meeting this are wanted—that for all the social and political the rights of the city. We shall watch closelyThe Prince of Wales yesterday attended divineservice at the church at Chippewa, and listened toeleventh verse. Col. Msgruder, of the United States Army, is at Niagara Falls, endeavoring to induce the Prince to visit Fort Leavenworth, and take part in a buflalo hunt. To-morrow the Prince will lay the corner stone of Brock's Monument atQueeostown Heights, and receive an address from the Veterans of 1811.A full report of the proceedings of the radical abolitionists at their kite National Convention at Syracuse is given in our paper to-day. The Con- vention nominated Gerrit Smith and Samuel McFar- land for President and Vice President, with a fall electoralticket,thenameofthepersonscomposing which, with an odd letter from Qerrit Smith, ac- cepting the nomination, will be found among theproceedings.We give a few additional particulars this morn-ing relative to the recent calamity on Lake Michi- gan. It now appears that the number ol persons on board the steamer Lady Elgin when she left Chicago was 393, including the crew, of whom 111 have been reported as saved.State Committee, had promised to have a ticket prepared to-day, to be composed of .ten Bellforth.Such is this radical abolition platform, andMcQuade. It is to be hoped that all the jour- nals throughout the State will follow our ex-spirit of his advice* They are divided into upon the subject of the slave'srightto liberty "Shall the Commissioner of Records swindle passnotwithstanding the objections of the Gover-nor? He was, in fact, one of the leaders in the buried, never again to be resuscitated by anyforceof par- heard from Profesor Doremus the action of the faculty inAt a Douglas meeting in Philadelphia on Saturday several political sections, all arrayed against Thus it appears that there is to be no fusionty electricity. Of all who have ever been wheedled or rejation to founding a Charity Hospital and appropriatingFrom Washington we learn that the objects ofUt. Lindsay's mission from England has been forsome time known to our government, and it is naturally following in the train of hii election, of sex and color should be abolished—that free hoped that, besides the modification of the revennelaws, his visit may be the means of settling severalother important questions pending between thetwo countries.With this record he is nominated, we are told,by acclamation, and all of his acts endorsed bythe republicans of Utica, which the citizens ofthis metropolis may take as evidence that umph.evening, and much depends on its action, and on dangers of these times the "popular religion of the manner in which that action may be follow- the country is mainly responsible," and thai until ed up. It was again stated yesterday that Dean this thing is reformed "we shall continue to beall the nominations made for Assembly, and, whenever any of those who wore Legislative robeslastwinterare renominated,willgivetheirthe college, with ail of which they expressed much grati • flcaiioa. mThis institution commence* its preliminary course ot lectures tbi* morning at eleven o'clock, by a lecture froai PiofesBor Camochan on Amputations. In the circular ef tbe Oouege we notice several Innovations which will doubtless enhance the facilities for medical instruction The corps of Professors has bean increased to nearly double the number of other institutions, and the hosmtal in connection with the school is the first of the knd eve established ia this city or Philadelphia. London, Paris, Berlin and other large capitals In Europe have hospitak attached to their schools, aad we are giad to see that New York is following in the wake.The Railroad Convention.THI SARATOGA COMPACT BaAVFIBafZD—SHALL T agKRIK BI ALLOWED WARS KATES FROM BOSTON'— inthiscorrespondencethatthegreatobstacletothesuc- NORBTLVTOTBSWESTERNLIKBS,CTC.,ETC.ble Lucretia herself, or Abby Kelly Foster, orunder his special charge whilst before the As-Oapt, Meigs' case. It is probable he will have h i a tried by court martial. The wonder Is that the PresidentThe resolutionsof the Convention are pun-McQuadewhomoved that thecommittee riseThe content* of the Euaonua Eernoa of m Hauis must succumb. A house divided against slavery;" and it is emphatically declared "that will combine the newt received by mail and telegraph at {itself cannot stand. When Washington. for abolitionists to vote for a candidate likeA totally new phase is given to the Presidential alee tiring from the government he gave similar the accursed Fugitive Slave law, to suppress the Governor had sent in his veto. Whenever tlon, In the opinion of the thoughtful and observing advice in his "Farewell Address." He cau- insurrections among slaves, to admit new slave the city railroads were under consideration the among all parties here, by the result in the State of Maine. The subcommittee of the Douglas Bute organ- tioned his children against the sectional action. States, and to support the ostracism, socially eyes of every person, both in the chamber and It is demonstrated that Douglas has not streagUi to isation have, it is said, marked out their pro- which has now been adopted, as the great dan and politically, of the black men of the North, lobby, were upon the member from Oneida, it carry the State which ha felt he was most sore to triumphWe mention these facta simply to show that if the Eu.14a oSee during the previous week, aad op to the hour the Father of hi3 Country, was re- Abraham Lincoln, who stands ready to executethe tact of hi* having done so there isocaaiderable Juxiit However, should anything of a definite character reach ns, wewuiacquaintourreadersatonceNxw YORK MEDICAL Coixaox AXD CHAXITr H JSTT AL —At a meeting of the Board of Trustees on Satcrdar evj ning, the Hon Fernando Wood occupied the chair aal Pro- feasor Doremus acted aa Secretary. The Board, after du posing of the anal natters of busman, elected but Ex- cellency Governor Morgan President of the Board, who was conducted to the Chair; Mayor Wood being obliged to retire by n previous engagement, after exprmaiag the deep interest be fait in the institution, and promiso* to visit the Hospital m.the morning. The Board, havingSf pubUcatioa. , T h e Jiews.gramme for a compromise, and are to give to theBreckinridge strength six electors and perhaps oneof the Mate candidates. It is reported that thisticket will be announced at the Union meeting to-night. In all of this arrangement the Green-Tucker which he did so much to establish. But those party is entirely inadequate to cover or ex- in favor of the West Washington Market bill,organization has been ignored. An address of the who profess to take heed to his warnings and cuse the Heaven-defying effrontery with which and also amongst the "yeas" upon the questionin. Maine was one of bis strongest of strongholds. It isBreckinridge State Committee will be found else- where.are opposed to that party are not acting in theit proclaims its intentions to quiet agitationFrom this time forth be will have scarcely a corporal's guard anywhere in the South. Certain green politicians In that region took him up |or the nonce, under the idea thathewasastrongmanintheNorth. Theywillflyfrom him now as they would from a political aspirant dead andown way, and to rush into the open mouth of ruin.There is but one ground of hope for the defeat of the good faith, it is all right. But the merchants cal abolition electoral ticket for the State of ing for the corrupt schemes that were before the republicans, and that is, that the voters throughout the last Legismture. When the nominations are all United States may yet take the decision of the Presiden-cannot be too careful. It is asserted that there New York. How many other "free colored is a secret understanding between the Albany Americans" are on the ticket we cannot deter- Regency and the republican Junta of Albany, mine from the names, but we dare say that the Pacific Railroad scheme being the basis of there are at least three or four, in deference the arrangement This is to be one of the to the proportion of the African element in the measuresoftherepublisanadministration,and party.to this meeting for ratification. If made in inasmuch as he was put at the head of the radi-election of any of those who were found vot-York, and the Camden and Amboy to NewJersey. This is the only rational explanationof the persistent course of the Regency in split-ting the democraticparty at Charlestonand cy, Mr. Smith speaksinamostsorrowfultone,the Union meeting. outlay of time and money to increase the Now Dean Richmond is ready to enter into vote for its ticket." He has had enough ofYork. He will put on the ticket three* six, gusted with his money begging partisans asWhat we said about the Breckinridge speechrival factions contending for supremacy.All eyes are bent on New York now. The Empire Statewas "Live Oak George Law" in 1856.But here are the radical- abolitionists in the forthem.WhattheRegencywantismoney, fieldasthedistinctivePresidentialparryofwas that it was our intention to havehad a special report of it. and that can yet turn aside the torrent of tbe destructives, and if unquestionably be a great saving and work well if theten or twelve Breckinridge electors, just as the conservative merchants are willing to payshe will only do so all will be well.Pennsylvania Politics. PMILAIJSLI'HIA, Sept. 16, 1*60.several lines do not gat to quarrelling over what eacu shall have on the card. Several other expensive featares of the old system came up for cons.deration. and in most instances arrangements were made to curtail them.The Westers representatives haye not yet recetred a reply to their petition asking to control the Eastward bound freight, but will have further hearing at the session to day.There is quite a knotty point that is also expected 11 come before them today, in whlcn the Erie seems to be the troublesome customer. Mr. Marsh, the repre sentatlve of that road, demands the benefit of * water connection with water rates from Bastoa westward. As the water rates from Bama* to tbe Centra! Western cities are the sane as r* rites from New York to the same points, the other lines eetar their protest against such arrangements, aad a* Mr Marsh stands alone he refuses to submit it to the Cosrsa tion and abide by the decision, knowing as he doe* that his will be the only vote for it. The other Laos, however, seem determined to take decisive action upon it, Or the purpose of throwing the responsibility upon the En* alone.The question of tbe Central violation of the agreeant ha* not been taken up yet, but it expected to be taiar cousidtralion to day, the Convention having adjourned fromSaturdayeveninguntilthismorning,atnineoCoo- Most of tae Western representatives visited i'h: ad-*i a on Saturday evening, hut will return in time to watca tn« movements of the other line* to-day.Personal Intelltfenee.W. D. Taylor, of Virginia, ia stopping at th* AsterHouse.Dr. Tea Broeck, of the United Staua Army; U M Efi*fcwe sent a stenographic writer from New foreign newi. aad the sales embraced about 1,400 bales, and they know where it can be had. But they freedom, temperance, equality of sexes and co- York to Ashland to take it down. Owing toThecottonmarketwasarm,undertheinfluenceoftheon the basis of NT.c. for middling uplands, and at lie.for Florida middlings. The complete statlsties of theoottoo crop for the year ending September, 1860, showsthat It reached 4,675,770 bales. Assuming this statementpat forth by the Satpptns List to be correct, the crop,lors, and all that And the question is: what the meagre telegraphic facilities between Louis-contrive to give the State to the republicans, can or will they do? In 1844 and 1848 these ville and Cincinnati we were compelled te put meeting last night denouncing the Cresson fusion and ra-sisting of about four thousand acres, situatedon both rides of the Rappahannock, twelvemilesbelowFiederlcksbug,withonehundredaad sixty-five valuable negroes. Here is achance for New England capitalists. They arealways ready to go in where there is an opf ortunity of making money, and it would be PROHT» or GAS C<WAS(n^_B€s«ew th* _- to nothing-that his "irrepressible conflict' wealthy business people and fashionable idlers.pecuniary and political point of view. Theywill unlearn the prejudices which they have<y»nreived against Southern institutions, whilstmajority of them have been making considera- ble earnings from meter rents, interest on de- ports and surcharges on the laying of serric*abhorrence is this Fugitive Slave law, supportLincoln with his recognition of it? This radicalALSASTT, Sept. 15—6 P. M. demand fair. Wheat—Sales 350the parties In the act of entering, and, procuring tai a* siatanoe of atreral other policemen, the bouae was sur- rounded, and the store being 'orokea open two of th*of *Ure labor.1put gis beyond the reach cf a lara* class ofHenry Clay, in ,1844, on account of a little home yearning? will overpower the thirst of 24c a 24>,'cgo totbe meeting to-night, and, with one strong, hundred thousand anti-slavery men in New unitedvowe,.a^laimafusionelectoralticket YorkwhovotedforFremontCantheystultifyTHE TOURTSTS.—ThehomewardtideofAmerican summer travel in Europe has set in with a rush. Each successive steamer comes back freighted to its utmost capacity of accommodation with ourhat waisweeptheStatafromMontaukto Lake Erie.themselves by supporting Lincoln, who has public]* declared his adhesion to the Fugitive Slave law? We knew that this adhesion amountstortionate profits derived by g T c o m ^ sweeps away all his professed conservatism; but can our radical abolitionists, whose especialM a r k e t s .Nsw Onut-ito. Sept 15, HdO. glars were captured by the Fifth ward police at Messrsvered from the prostrating effects of that terri-will take the money if they can get it. and yetperhaps use some of the money to accomplish abolition elements decided the Presidential up .with the Associated Press reportResolutions were unanimously adopted at the Douglasthat object If the merchants enter into any election. Now, it will be seen that their effortsOn the general subject we have to say simplytifying the straight Douglas ticket. The meeting was large and enthusiastic at the close.at the average value of $60 per bale, would give arrangement with Richmond, Cagger & Co. will extend from Massachusetts westward to this:—We spare no pains nor expense to gather| total of J23D,133,500, of which we have exported 3,774,000 bates, of the value of 3188,600,000, and retained la the country, la stock, or consumed aad burst at the porta, 073,043 bales, of the value of $48,803,140. The fore <gu news tended to cheek sales of breadstuff* aad to depress prices. Sales of flour were moderate, aad from 6c. to 10c per bbt. lower, aad la some cases of low gradesUe. lower. Wheat, for moat grades, wasfirom2c a $c. per bushel lover, but It was active at the decline. Com opened heavy aad lower, with cooiiderable •ales, sat closed at about 66c. a M£e. for West-about the proposed" fusion, they must not let themhandleacentofthe money,butdepositit in the handsofa trustworthytreasurer,tobe obtained from him only by drafts endorsed by a Vigilance Committee, who will take good care that it be not employed in giving aid and com- fort to the enemy.But as for the Union meeting this evening,they must not put any faith In the professionsthe Mississippi river—that a State Radical Aboli- tion Convention has been called in Ohio, and another in Illinois; andwe maysafely predictand close at Pittsburg on Saturday evening nextLincoln and the republicans which will aston- ish them in November.despatches,exclusiveofthenewswhichwas setonfireateighto'clocklastnight,anddestroyed,to- gether with one hundred and fifty pianos,finishedand in furnished to the Associated Press, during the course of construction. One hundred men are throwuA1tKomo 1.it_.. MJ»t_ _P -._i_— -. -.-._rtaw«,-Ln «_%< ic af ifUntitled Documentof buyers 6TKc was offered, hat refused Barley u supposing that our radical bolitionuU will number of applicants for staterooms. We caaageu si.es 6,100 busheli Canadian at Tite. Gats a_tfidently look this t-eaaon. will compensate their declining—16c on wheat toBtttalo. Sight exeaaaxe oa without resistance, how, we ask, are the repub- tomers it will initiate reforms in the dealings republicans of the First Assenjibly district of stockholders for the short returns from the New York K P*r esat premium ^sadly needed.revenue! At7iet*4apassive resistancewillbe The "Radical Abolitionists" Fairly in lature,asbeingworthyofemulation.Southern State*? How are they to collect theadopted, endorsing his action in the last Legis-dent, whose party are organised on a basis ofWASBUCTOS,Sept.16,I860."radical abolitionists" from the perusal of the publican party, been looked upon as one of the It appears that oar goverameut have for eome timenews brought {by tbe steamship Mela* the fottowuxWAM.ACR"S THXATRB, Broadway.-TeR ROVALUT- deadly hostility to Southern institutions! What brief, pointed and business like proceedings of strongholds of Weed-ready to endorse any been aware of the objects aad purposes or the special paragraph, aUadiag to an increase of the French nary —South under such circumstances? The local forgetting the characteristic letter of Gerrit Convention, Legislature or Congress. The partyraw •OWOT. »**-ty.-AiiToa-Amoa-rA-u- federalofficesmustbefilledbylocalmen. Any Smith,the"regular''radicalabolitionnominee thatcouldendorsetheirlaterepresentativeandI n t.rt-ui '• $>©* AMan.KA»Wgy» AMBBICAM «Q____^j*^*^-g^1 ^_*attempt at coercion of the Southern people by for the Presidency.the federal arm in their present temper would not only be vain, but putting the match to aleader of a peculating cabal in fJongress—Hon. meats. Mr. Buchanan aad Mr. Uadsar were warm Orsamus B, Mattesod—could very well aay to rieade while the former was Minister at the Court ofIt appears, however, that Mr. Smith was notnominated by acclamation, but only '-fter con- the man who voted away the chartered rights 8t. Jetties.BKT Arre* KIKSTRRLS, Muauafca' Han. « Broedway.- mine which would blow up the Union. How, siderable discussion," and against "a very re- of our city in the last Legislature, "Well done, •OWl'S SrWSG MACBim PATER. BorusviJM.Soaea,Dtw,Aft—fm WUHAaar. then,isthegovernmenttobeconductedbya Proles'aarestillpouringinfromalloverthecountry, Mrsd/VS SALOON, Broadway.-Hoourr * CAarsau's sectional President, breathing destruction to spectable minority preferring William GoodeU," thou good and faithful servant" This renomi- from the poor working women, against the iatamous ex-M u m w u RnnorLUf l a m . Bvsissn—n, DAXOBS, 49.— iBAOitrSATlOef B . U . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _NATIONAL THIATBR, Chatham HTML—Viuixtos— D«A» btn. _ _ _ _ _OAKTSEBURT MUSIC BALL, MS Brondwuy.-8oxos,• • w Y o r h , M o o d u y , t t p t n i k w I T , l o o t ) . MAILS fOR ETOOPE.who was subsequently nominated for Go- nationofMcQuadeis in perfect keeping with tension of Howe's sewing machine patent It may not be vernor. For Vice President Samuel MoFar- the endorsement of Matteson by the republi- too late for Congress to revise sal reverse the action ofthe interests of one-half the Union?To avoid the difficult and dangerous solution of this problem, it is essential that the North provide that the rail splitter of Illinois be not e l e c t e d . H o w i s t h i s t o b e d o n e ? J u s t b y f o l -lowing the advice which a dying father be-queathed to his seven sons. He told them to some strong minded, radical abolition type sembly, both before and after the Governor ve-bring him seven twigs, each representing a son. woman of that calibre, as suggested by their toed them. It was McQuade who offered the does not at once dismiss him from the service. That island, of Pennsylvania, was chosen—a man of cans of Utica. The several gridirons that the Lucretia Mott abolition and women's rights passed the Legislature last winter, robbing theschool While they were about it, we wonder city of New York of rranchises worth in the w h y t h e C o n v e n t i o n d i d n o t p u t u p t h e v e m e r a - n e i g h b o r h o o d o f t w o m i l l i o n s o f d o l l a r s , w e r eresolution to make them a special order; it wasthe Oommissioaer of Patents in this matter. It is con- sidered a clear violation of the Patent laws, and should be repealed by special legislation.THl CASS Of CATT. KBGS.T h e S e c r e t a r y o f Wa x h a s t a k e n n o a c t i o n a s y e t i nthe way Jackson used to serve refractory officers who re fused to obey their superiors.ger to be avoided. His counsel is despised by is to give the lie to their professions;" and being understood that his movements would bea rampant party at the North, whose policy can "that the almost infinitesimal amount of anti- in accordance with instructions from the chiefs any other quarter. The people will not believe it. The only result in breaking up the glorious Union slavery professions made by the republican of the third house. Wefindhis name recorded thorough rent in Maine ends the matter as to Douglas.The people are resolved to take the matter of govern- ment into their own hands, and on the 17th of September a sermon from Chronicles II., nineteenth chapter, Richmond and Peter Cagger, the Douglas cursed with the rule of slavery, rum, and so record, as we have in this case that of Mr. a movement will be begun in New York which will befelt throughout the length and breadth of the land.In spile of all that sensible and patriotic men la differ- ent quarters of the Union can do to bring about acordial and an effective conservative organization against the and Everett electors, six Breckinridge electors we have no doubt that Frederick (the ample, and thus prevent, if possible, the re- destructives, it seems that the self seeking managers of political cliques are determined to have matters theirand nineteen Douglas electors, to be presented black Douglass) had a finger in this pie,The Late Election in Mmine—DougUu Beaten, from Hkgovernment would pay their price. Stronghold—The ToOx't Overthrow of His Cause—The Quelit was for his motions that the corrupt and ve- tun to be Decided by the Peopie—Tke Only Wny to Defeatperor had any wish to increase his naval forces he cannal combination in the Assembly voted after Lincoln—Duty of the Conservative Masses, 4c., 4k. easily do so by sending aa ageat to this city. Bat as uthe several motions on theirfinalpassage, andlast Legislature—the most infamous body that ever assembled at the State capital.cajoled into the support of demagogues, the followers a large portion of the college building for the purpose, aad bepraisers of Douglas must at this moment feel thethe partytowhichhebelongsintheinteriorofAs it went in Maine, so will go the Douglas organizationeverywhere. The result to the conservative party wouldhave been entirely different had the battle been foughton the grounds which the people intend to maintain anduphold—namely, grounds of principle sad feeling, an opi- pital and the museum, laboratory and lecture rooms of nion and determination against republicanism.the State intend to continue their raid againsttial election into their own hands.made we shall also publish a complete list and The "leaders" have shown themselves utterly incom- keep the record of such as were found in the se- petent and unfit to guide us. '-Let us, therefore, do the business for ourselves.'' This is the voice of tbe people, who still adhere to the cause of the constitution and tbeveral venal coalitions of the last Legislature constantly before our readers.Union, from Maine to California.Some sensitive and presumptuous gentlemen wereTHE BOASTFUL PRESUMPTION OF THE NEW YORK cess of the conservative cause in New York. Pennsylva-the Pacific Railroad Company are to constitute The religious branch of this national aboli- PRESS.—Under the above caption one of the nia and elsewhere was the want of proper leadership. The representatives of tbe five Atlantic railroad uaasan imperium in impeiio, who will bear the same tion platform is very learnedly expounded in But does not the actual condition of anairs at this hour were in session at the St. Nicholas Hotel all day Satur- spoils organs in Philadelphia—a half-starved demonstrate the truth of my remark- There are hun- day. They had under consideration the articles of tberelation to the country at large as the Central the letter of Gerrit Smith. His health, which sheet, with an omnibus load of subscribers- dreds, nay thousands, of gentlemen in private life, incompact recommended at the Convention at Saratoga, and, in most instances, reaffirmed those articles, mining them binding upon the competing roads and their con- necting lines. One of the points to which they gave theirRailroad Company does to the State of New "was poor," is "now vigorous." He has reco-every State, who would hare managed better, who now accuses the NEW YORK HERALD of indulging in feel that they have entrusted their political concerns to incompetent hands, with whom any comparison on the | vainglorious boasting in the matter ol Mr. part of the self satisfied and battled ignoramuses that have so fatally miscarried in undertaking to lead wouldble John Brown foray; but still, as the head ofhis church, and its candidate for the Presiden- Breckinridge's speech. The fact is, we gave be quite ridiculous, in point of talents, experience, know special attention was the expensive mode of advert.iagto the Associated Press, and was given to suchAnother of those brilliant illuminations which Baltimore. The negotiations with the Breck- and urges a very unique system of electioneer- of the Philadelphia papers as are in the associ- shall be saved from the reign of the sectional destruc-have been quite frequent the present year was visible in this city on Saturday evening. About half past nine o'clock a brilliant light became visi- ble in the northern part of the sky, which soon changed to pink, crimson aad blood red hues, ap- parently mingling with each other, and forming one of the most brilliant spectacles it is possible to conceive. Ths illumination was visible until about two o'clock Sunday morning.inridge party were all sham, and intended to ing. He says:—"As I view things, the Conven- tives it must be done by the conservative masses rising deceive* and humbug the people on the eve of tion will do well not to call for any great ation. How many of them published it we do in their might, and determining, without regard to thisnot know nor care. Even in their own village or that chairman, this or that "leader," this or that com- mittee, to cast their votes in such manner as will tell they are read by very few people, and no one most effectively against Lincoln. It is really monstrous that the lasting Interests of a great nation—the peace, negotiations with the merchants of New that, and has doubtless become as much dis- expects anything like "enterprise" from them. the tranquillity aud the personal, social and political pros- perity of whole communities—should be at the mercy ofmerely the facts in the case. The speech cameledge of mankind, tact in practical details, or anv other valuablequalificationforleadership.by placards. It is at present the custom of all the truua roadstoputupineverycity,villageortown of anyim- portance, handbills in all public places, giving their route and connections. That has been a heavy bill of expeasa to the, several lines, and, under the agreement reoom mended at Saratoga, confirmed aad made binding Tbe several lines on Saturday, at the St. N.c-i- las Hotel, make one handbill to answer. Th: routes, connections and rates of each line are to be enumerated oa each placard, forcing all the mam line* to unite in their advertising. and share with each other the expense, as far as their posters are concerned This willGovernor Johnson will make a tour of the State during news from all parts of the country. Our special the week. Fie will commence at Lancaster on Monday,reporters are now travelling in almost every section of the Union. Their letters come through the telegraph office, as a rule, insteadDestructive Fire nt Albany. ALSAM , Sept 16.1860.that the party concerned will poll a voteagainst the halfway abolition professions of of the mail or express. Our bills for special Boardman, Gray & Co 's extensive piano factory wasLet the anti-black republican conservative week ending the 8th instant, amounted to out of employment. Ton from $60,000 to $60,000: in-odds and ends which make up the popular ma-jorityofthisStatecombine,withorwithout lastweek,toonethousandandtwenty-sixdol-the consent of Dean Richmond, on a single lars. Tiw thouscmd tfave hundred and one dol-electoral ticket, and where they would fall lars for special desjxitches in two weeks is a Upwards of thirty-five horses arrived here today fromKentucky and this State, to compete for premiums at thetwelve hundred and seventy-five dollars—for sured for $59,000. •greater sum than the combined Philadelphia'short of a majority over Lincoln of twenty,thirtyorfortythousand,ifLincolnweresup- press pays for special despatchesin a FashionandBonnieScotland. Finedisplaysareantici- ported by the radical abolitionists, the highest whole year. Our expenses for special pated before the fair closes, on Tnursday. The entriesof these figures may be reached against the telegraphing alone during the current year are now nearly five thousand, and the arrangements all man and lady, of.Califoraia, aad C. K. Dimoud, of Iowa,are stopping at the Metropolitan HotelCol. R D. Stover, of Boston; S. W. Kuon, from China,H At water, of Coanecticut^aad P. Kerby, of California, are mopping at the Lafarge Bouae.G. F. Stoasbcry, of Washington, D C J G. Gaiaes. or place, was burned this morning. A son of Mr. Gordou, New Orleans, J. F. Stater and family, of Rhode la—ad. P. R. George, of New Haven; aad A Van Saotw>>d. of Albany, were among the arrivals at the St. Ntohota* B>tei yesterday.Hon. Lansing Stout, of Oregon, and Col. Gadoiu. Hurnaa\ ears of age, and has resided in that city one hundred and three j ears.Police IntelligenceARRMT OF BraOLUB —About midnight on Saturday a young fellow, named Andrew Castra, was detected by o fleer Kenger secreted under a counter, pistol ia hand, u the storeofLeonardH.Hopkins,No215Westareet. Th* fallowhadobtainedadmittancebybreakingapansof glass ia the front window, evidently with the intent. >a of seizing any valuables he night find. Justice Keuy com- mitted the offender to the Tombs for trial, m de-w'. o,' $1,000 bail. Earlier on the saaa evaaiag a gang of barCotton-Sales to day 4,000 bales, at 10>.c a 10\c for Mahistadt a Schaffers, S3* Washington street, which they difficulttofindamoreprofitableone,bothinafromthesupplyofgastotheircustomerTthe TheEuropeancapitalshaveneverbeforebeenmiddling.Messpork$22.Therestofthemarketun-hadenteredOntoerSlatteraccidentallynoticedsoonofla rates, while SalassMM of wheat wen targe tomake empty boasts, and he could not reckon upon any majority without some under- standing of the sale of the election by the Regency, who hold the balance of power. That is an element in his calculation, and he knows the men with whom he has to deal.republicans, deducting the radical abolitidn vote for Smith.There are very good reasons for the beliefthat Old Abe Lincoln's recognition of the fugi-will amount to more than fifty thousand dol- lars. Thus we supply the] news, not only to New Yorkers, but to the provincial editors, who show their contempt for the HERALD by making up their papers almost entirely from it,perfected.tive Slave law will, with any exertions on theirpart, give to the partyticketof Smith full fifty and giving no credit. More than this, they per- burned.thousand votes in New York. It will be re- mit their miserable vagabonds of correspond-The Third tteglmcnt of Connec tic ut. Nxw Loaoos, loan., Sept. 15, trie?.Army, were in Washington onSaturday.Madame Elisabeth Ortas, the great grandmother of theats seat to as from distant localities, including sod them, and that is by nominating a ticketthe European capitals. Among these our with which they have nothing to do, and ovey passage of the Fugitive Slave act it was so ob- lies about men and things in the metropolis. The annual parade of the Third regiment of the Slate editor of the St. louis BxUleHn, is one hundred and Avereaders may hare obsefred the announcement which they cannot exercise exclusive control.And it is difficult to know which is the more troops, under the command of Col. W. O. Irish,, came off in this city to-day. The regiment comprises all the mili- Burentook thefieldagainstit Whatwashis contemptible,theforgerof thescandalorthe tarycompanies of the county. Governor Rockinghamnoxious to our free soilere that even John Van this Month of afineplantation in Virginia, con- m ^ V - » < % . « i a within reach of the cltj, opinion then is still the opinion of at least onemembered that on the first impulse after theents to invent and publish the most absurdeditor who endorses it That is all for to-day.and suite reviewed the troops this afternoon. A great multitude of people assembied hare to witness the dis- Phy-saillog offtheBlonrtlletorMewYork* Nsw OtxsAin, Sept. 16, I860.The steamship Bienville took out $120,000 is treasure for New York.STAMPEDE HOMEWARD OF AMERICANof ne use to talk hereafter of his prowess or his station inflattest.Vet, ia New York, these partisans will strive to bargainfor the spoils, as if they had anything to give or to re- fuse, and as if their confederates had nrt been utterly beaten where they pretended they were most sure to tri-which had been fitted up and was now ia readiness foe the reception of the patients, warmly approved the object and appointed a committee to raise funds for the Charity Hospital by soliciting subscriptions and donations from the benevolent. A number of liberal donations were re- ported from Messrs. Doremus and Nixon, Mr. Haoghwost, Counsellor Busteed aad other gentlemen, and the Board thea adjourned to inspest the wards of the Charity Hos-Henceforth these are the grounds, these tbe Jtopxa whatever politicians may assert or pretend to.highly indignant, a few weeks ago, because it was statedThey have bad their day, and it is over. If the countryNational Pair this week. Among them were Lexington.For the next twoF i r e a n d h o s e o f h i t * .CORMM., Sept. 16,1860.so full of American visiters as this year, and on changed.all the great highways of travel they are to be Flour unchangedencountered at every second step. But as there bushels good white Michigan at SI 53. Corn—Sales 6.000 thieve* —ere captured in attempting to escar>e u-Jug*- **v.CmcAoo, Sept. 16, IMS Flour dull Wheat quiet, sad 8c. a 4c lower-SSMS 100,000 bushels at 66c a $$Xe for No 1 spring 83t a of passengers that they will have to carry. 83 S c for No. 2 in store. Cora dan and l c lower asos thev arefillingtheir pockets with the product- pipes. The elect of these Imposts has been to abolition convention has given us the answer.bushels Western mixed at 65c. Barley baa improve l' are limits even to the largest incomes, and sales 400 bushels winter at 90c.' Oats—Sales S.600 bushels State at SSc. a 38Xc. Whiskey—Sales 144 bbis. prison atside door, and two more were caught in tnj b»se—?a*- Th* ptsaoaer* give the.r u*m<*6 as James FCDOJ*'*' .!*—e« McGe-*, James Thontpaoa and John 8 K^iJThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 