 i: JateaeOur relations with Spain are now of sWHOLB NO. 8854. THE CRISIS.MsTATE OF THE UNION."t^**^^/*^*****-**!^***—****^***a*n»i ••.• '-• '•' "'— • '•"•" •••'_Wk i BDoUHkiil o InJBMMi.last] Repvts of the Treasury, their constitutional rights. Bat are such sppre-volonon.What, In the meantime, is the responsibilityand true portion of the Bxeeutive? S e la bound by solemn oath before God and the country "to uke cere that the laws be faithfully executed,"citement, the Union shall perish, the evil may then become irreparable. Congress c a n contribute much to avert it by proposing and recommending to the Legislatures of toe several Slates the remedy for existing evils, which tbe constitution ba« itselfI War, Wavy, Interior andIfsfortaui t Position of the President oft Phe Crisis of the Union.itertal and Udnstriil Pres- *frity ef the Cematry.Shall Such a Nation be Dissolved ?Appeal of tha President to theby two-thirds of both houses of Oongress, snd have noblest system of government ever devised by nor- a crushing argument would this have proved <arolina. so far as the laws of the United States to been " ratified by the legislatures of three-fourthsslavery shall o/ shall not exist within their limits.cause*asfromthsfaitthatheincessantandvio- Thisisanactofsovereignauthority,andnotof subordinate Territorial legi»laticn. Were 4 otli-tbat ' s o wale shall enter into any treaty, alliance orconfederation;gran*letteraofmarqueandrepri- eal; coin money: emit billa of credit; mate any- thing but gold and silver coin a tender iu payment otcibts; pass any billot attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing ths obligation ot contract*," lion over, "without the consent ef Congress, uo State shall lav any impos's or furies on anyimoort* or exports, except what m*y he absolutely usees- eary l«>r executing Its inspection laws;" and, If they exceed this amount, the ,exee8s shall belong to the United 8tate«. p! Tbe question faMy stated b>: H ss the constitu-tiondelegatedtoODHaresstoepevcrtoentreea tieved,foreverterminatethe•.u<-tiugdissensionslent agitation of the slaery question flrroughout ths North for the last quarter of a century haa at length produced its maliga mfjence on the slaves, and. inspired them with *•:-;• notions of freedom.erwise, then indeed would the equality of the State* in the Territories be destroyed, and the right* of property in slaves would depend, not upon the guarantees of the constitution, but upon tbe shin icg majorities of s n irresponsible Territorial Leg** latnre: Such a doctrine, from its intrinsic unsound-it»i»> i;ito submissiou which is attemotmg to with- j-aw or has actually witlidraa-i from tbe con- r'tdrracy? it answered in the affirmative, it must be on the principle that tbe pswer ha« iwsen con- '*'•rred upon Congress to declare snd to mate wtr leainsta State. After much serious reaectiou I have arrived at tbe cocclu-ion tl*t IJOsucn power na.- bean de'epsged to Congress or o» any other de- (ini-'m-ot of the federal government, it is maui- itst.uponan inspection of the constitution, that tj is h« not among the specific! and *"iuiner^teda»jd restore peace and harmony amou>; tbe Stated. It ought not to be doubted that sucb ao appeal to the arbitrament establish- d by the constitution itself would be received with favor by all toeState-i of the conftdeiacy. In any event it cug:j to be tried in a spirit of conciliation before any ot these Slates shall st-parute toe motives from the Cnitn.OUtt FOUX1UN HKLATIO..S. G8.KAT h-r-i «iaHence a sense of security no louger exists aroundths family altar. This te'tmg of peace at home ness, cant ot long influerce any considerable por-has given place t e apprehensions of servile fasur- tion of our people, mnch leas caa it afford a good reason tor a dissolution of the Union.rection. Many a matron throughout the Bonth re- The most palpable violations of constitutional toes at night in dread of » hat may befall herself dnty which ba\ e yet been committed consist in theAnd "no rttate shall, without the consent of Con-grets, lay any duty ot tounace; keep troops, M >'*«rs granted to Congre>»; and it is equally ap-Our relations with Rie<it Br;utin are of the mostsad her children before the morning. Should this apprehension of domestic dsnger, whether real or imaginary, extend and intensify itaelf until it shall pervade ths masses of the Southern people, then disunion will become inevitable. Se^nxeaervatioa ia ths en* law of nature, and has been implanted in the htart of man by his Creator Cor the wisest purpose: and a o politic il union, however fraught with blessings and benefit* in all other respects, can locg continue, if the ne«essary consequence b e to render the homes and the firesides of nearly half the parties to it habitually and hopelessly insecure. Sooner or later the bonds of such a Union must be levered- It is my coaviotisn that thi* fatal period has not yet arrived; and my prayer to God is that He vould preserve the constitution and the Union throughout ell generation*.acta of different State Legislatures to defeat the e*eetni©n of th-» Fugitive Slave law . It ought to be renminbirtd. however, that for these acts neither Congress nor any President caa justly be heldresponsible. Havingbeenpassedinviolation of tbe federal constitution, they are, therefore, nail and void. All the cruris, bo JS State and national, before whom the question has arisen, have from the beginning Cedar* ft the Fugitive Slave law to be eotstitutional. The sdhgfe exception is that of a State court m Wisconsin, and this has not only been reversed by the proper appellate triiuual, but has met with t uca universal reprobation that there t*>.n be no danger from it as a precedeut. The valuta; of this law has been established over and over again by the Supreme Court of tbe 0sited States wi'h perfect unanimity. U is founded upon an express provision of the con- stitution, requiring that fugitive flaves who es- cape from service in one State to another shall be •'deliveredup" toThek masters. Without this provWion it is a well known historical fact that the tottstitube i itself could never have been adoptedsbips-ofwar, in tun« ot peace; enter into any agree ment or compact v»iih another State, or with a fo- reign Power or ttJKBge in war, unless actually in- vaded,orinsuchuxmifuentdangeraswill notad mit ot delay."p n-ent that lbs exetcise is not "uecese^ry and pro- per for carrying into exer.dtton" aiy o te of taese (jowere, tie iar truss thispo ver LavmK been defe- qat»dtoCongress,le**sexpre>siy relusedbytha e oiivention which framed toe constitution.arising from the Clayton md Buiwcr Uvaty, and r.-dults. 'ibe treaty of Tien-bonof the IstU of .June, from the right of searo^ claimed by the Bnu'sli go- IsaH, ha* been faithfully ohaerved by the Chines* vernment,have beenamicablyaudhonorablyad- amhorttiea. Theconventionofthe8tbNovember, justed.Bat 1st, na take warning in time, and remove the by the Convention, le one form or other underIn order to carry into effect these powers, the constitution has estakjlisbed a pert'el governmentcease sf danger. It cannot be denied thai, for fiveand twenty jears, the agitation at the Northagainst slavery ia the Siuth haa beea incessant.In 1SCS pictorial handbills a n d inflammatory a p -peals wire circulated extensively throughout theBooth, i ' a character to excite the passions of theslaves.-sad, ha the language el 0inaial Jnekson,"to stimulate them to insurrection and produce sHtie horn raoi" a servile war." Thisagitation hasever since been continued by the public press, by hte doty? This would be at war with every prin- the preceediage of State and county conventions,and by abolition sermons and lectures. The time of Congress has been occupied in violent speeches en thi* never ending subject; and appeals in pamphL: and other forms, endorsed by distin- guish*c1 names, have been sent forth from this cen-search American merchant vessels on the high fee S ate as a cOSftiiuent member of the c mfede- seas io time of peace, has been abandoned. This rSCV. e as by far the most dangerous question to the peacetral point, and apread broadcast over the Union.Bow easy would it be for the American people less this shall be done withont unneceiwary delay,cisely the same right to exercise its power over the i-e pie of an the»« States, in toe enumerated eases, that each one of toem possesses over subjects not delegated to toe United States, but "reserved toaeans oi destroying it, but would banish all hope state of public fee)ing<thronghout our entire con- Russian Minister, he waa ever ready aud willing, it its penoeabie reconstruction. Besides, in the try, produced by toe forcible search of American had the opportunity offered, to employ his good rulerual conflict, a vast amonnt of blood and tree merchant vessels sy British cruisers on toe coast of ofiicrs ia restoring peace between the parties. It ure would be expended, rendering future reoon- Cuba, in toe spring of 1858. t'he American people hi but sn act of bimple justice, both to our present-aiittion between the States imposrihle. In the bailed with general acclaim the orders of toe Se- Minister and his predecessor, to state that theyMORNINGbe guilty of aiexercise of powers not granted bjhowever .haa been held In strict conformity with Its express provisions. How, then, can the resultjustify a revolution to destroy A l l very constitu tton? Beaeen, justice, n regard for the constitu- tion, all require that we ssfjl wait for BOSW overt and dangerous act on the part ef the PrisHuan elect before resorting to such a remedy.EDITION-WEDNESDA Y ,our forefathers many years or toQ, privation sod blood to establish.DECEMBERS, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.PRICE TWO CENTS.of the United States, haa changed hatand baa lost his native character. Be theref.ee,be compelledtoserveintoeFrench •Ncient to justify the Immediate destruction of tile grieved she might secede from the Union. Whatv-here to the same extent as though they h a t orswn their first breath i s tola country. W e oast recognise no distinction between our native aad natural zed citisens.souri Compromise, Impairing In the slighest de- gree the rights of the Smth to their property in slaves. And it may alee be observed, judging from present indications, that no pr jbabiity exists of the passage of such an act, by a majority of both house*, either in the present or the next Con- gress. Surely, under these circumstances, we ought to be res rained from present action by the preceptposing this Union, .cannot b e acknowledged.pugnant both to the principles upon which the ge- neral government Is constituted and to the objects which it was expressly formed to attain."• fried hat tbe Marshal, with his pos>w comita'us,my patticular case, to nail forth'tbe militia and employ the si toy and nnvy to aid bim in pertorm- w(i tbiK service, IwvJtiK lirBt by proclamHtion com-Patriotism of the People, of Bim who spake as never man spoke, that "suf- In tbe language of Mr. Madison, who has been call- ficientuntothadayattheevilthereof.''Thedayedtoefatheroftheconstitution,'"itwaaformed^iich sn officer, the entire population would con- stitute one t-olid tioinbination to resist bi u.temporaneous his ory. In this connection, I shallmerely call attention to a few sentences In Mr.Madison's justly celebrated report, In 17sr9, to thelegislature of virgnia. In this he ably and con- t rsttocAtteua." The payment of the rematahagexcellent, oar harvests have beea abundant, andInterference of the Notibara people with the ques- boi ef slavery in the Southern States baa at length produced to natural effects. The different sectionsistence. and uttil ihey sbsll be admitted as .satesinto the Union, with or without slavery, as their and on toe 2*.to of toe succeeding June toey deter-oiititd that tney would "not advise and consent" to its riititleat ion.andthetimehaa arrived,30 muchdreadedbythe flictsthroughoutthecountry. Those whohaveap- Patter of bis Country, when hostile geographical pealed from this judgment of our highest constitu- tional tribunal to popular assemblies would, if they parties have been formed. I have long foreseen could, invest a Territorial Legislature with power to and often forewarned my countrymen of the now annul the sacred rights of property. Hue power Congress is expressly forbidden by the federal constitution to exercise. Every State Legislature in the Union is forbidden by Its own constitution to exercise it. It cannot be exercised in any Stateconstitutions may prescribe.8. A like recognition «.f toe right of the m a ^ rhflptndiTj danger. T im Jo?a not proceed solely froea tfef claim on tha part of -ongresa or the Ter- ritssSsLWgiala tores to ejocind* slavery from the Tessttortee. net from the ehnns sf different States to driest the ex*- cutton of the Fugitive Slave law . All ee any of these evils mtgst have been endured by1 the South without dangee to the Uaion, <as^ b f c m have bean.) Ta thp hope that time, and reaction might apply ths rsmedy. The hnmediaus peril arise* not so much from theseamong the seveuit States. It is not necessary to enumerate the other hiRli powers which have been conferred npon tbe farerat government. In order to carry the enumerated powers inu> effect. Con- gress possesses the-exclasive right to Uy and col lect duties on imports, and iu comm.a with the States to lay and collect ail other taxes.But toe constitution has not only conferred these high powers upon Congress, but it has adopted ef- fectual means to restrain the States from interferingmor» then probable that the final adjustment of these claims wi;i devoirs upon my successor.1 ieiu m ie tbd recommendation confined in say - lutnim M*-s>age of Oeeeoiber, 18S8, and repeated in ihst of December, 18o9, infavor oftue arquid ion ot Cw>a trom &pain by fair purchase. I ffr'my fee-It may be objected that this can;-tractio i of toeconstitution has aJr(.id^ b i m seined by Ute Su-preme Couit of-the United State*, and what moreought to be required? The atu*er i.-. that a very e-nntries in all future time, as welt as woveexcept by the people ia their highest sovereiga ca pacrty when framing or amending their State con- stitution. In like manner it can only be exeruised by the people of a Territory represented in s con- vention of delegates for the purpose of framing a constitution preparatory to ainiLision as a * * t e intoieve ih».t such uu acqutsidon wemld comrioo'- e s - scstially to the welt being and prospertty of boSJithe I n n s , fhen. and not until then, are they in- with their exercise. For that purpow* v has, in vested wtth power to decide the question wheJter strong prohibitory lanttuuge, expressly declaredot. Jlarge proportion of the people of u>e Uuix-d State's still contest the eorrectoet^ of thU deci^on. aad never will cease froai agitation and s'tmit i\s bind- ing force untl cleaily eaUbliahed by the people of toe several Sates in tlicir aemreigu character. such an explanatory amendment * »uld, is ia be-ths sets of 1793 and 1K60, both being substantially the tame, the Fugitive Slave law h+a been the lawstipulations of these treaties conform in every im- bince that time toe claims of onr citizens hsve portant particular to the amendments adopted by been adjusted by tha Board of Commissioners sp- the Senate of toe United Stat.a tu the treaty con- oolsted lor that purpose under toe act of Marcheiud-et at London on the 17th October, l8ob, be- 3, 1859. and their awards, which proved satisfac- tween the two gov-srnments. It will be recollected, tory to the claimants, have been approvei by ourit is impossible for any human power to save thestore pe*ce and harmony to this distracted coun- Ui ion. . . . «.L the States respectively, or to the people."to aeule the slavery question forever, and to re-try-Their, and they alone, ean do it. All that ia ne-cessary to acaompUsh the object, and all for which the sisr-'states have ever oontendcd.teeo be let alone, ami permitted tu irnaage their domestic in-sutsLous in their own way.they, eed they alone, am responsible before God amitie worldforthe slavery existing among them. For th.» ths people of the North are not more res- ponfiUe *nd have no more right to interfere, than with siu.dar institutions in Russia or in Bread. Lpoo their good sense and patriotic forbearance I conies* l stiltgreatly rely. Without their aid, it ia bo)end the power of any President, no matter what si»y be his earn political proclivities, to re- store j •••tit aad harmony among the States. Wwe- 'y la., -.1 and restrained as is ass power, under our cooati'i on and laws, he alone can accomplish but I't-Je,:A ^d Qffaevii(UQmchamomentous querJi a.Aati vhubrings me to observe that the election any ,,oe of our felln* citizens to the office ofThe Southern States, standing on the basis of the constitution, have a right t o demand thia act of Jus- tice trom the Statea of toe North. Should it be re- fused, then the constitution, to which *H th« States are parties, will have been wilfully violated by one pcrtum ef them ia a provision essential to tbe do- mestic security and happiness of tiie remainder. In that event, toe injured States, after baring first used all peaceful and constitutional means to obtain redress, would be justified In revolutionary resist- ance to tbe government of the Uniep.1 have purposely confined iny remarks t o revolu- tionary resistance, because it has Lcea claimed witifu the last fee years that aty State, whenever thw ihail be its sovereign will and pleasure, may secede from the Union, fct accordant •; with the coniwrturjon. and without any violation of the con- stitutional rigbte af the other members of the con- federacy, that as each became parties to the Union by the vote o.' its own people assembled ia Convention, so any one of them may retire from the Onion in a similar manner oy the vote of such a Convention.In order to justify seeeeeion as a constitutional ren<edv it must be on the princijrfe that the federal soveraWnt is a mere volunury asso< uaoa of States, to be dissolved st pleasure by any onJ ofTo ths extent of the delegited powers the con- stitution of the United States ia as muoh a part of the constitution o: eech State, aud is as binding npon its people, as though it had been tcxtoally in- serted therein.This government, therefore, w a great and pow- erful government, invested wtth all the attributes of sovereignty over toe special subjects to which it* authority extends. Its framers never intended to implant to its bosom the seeds of its own des- truction, nor wars they at its creation guilty of the sbVurntW of providing tor its own dissolution. It was^ottetended by its framers to be the baseless SfruTolhvteion, which, at the touch of the en- chanter! would vini-h into thin sir b%t a substan- tial and mighty fabric, cspable of resisting the Sow decay of tome snd of defying the storms of aVes. Indeed, well may the jealous patriots of that day have indulged fears that a government oi arch blah powers might violate the reserved right. S toe States, and wisely did toey adopt the rule of ?strict construction of these powers to.proven, toe dsnaer. But they did not fear, nor had theyaanger. « J that the constitution wouldcretary oil the Navy to our naval force in the Gulf of Mexico. '*to protect all vessels of toe United States on the high seas from search or detention by toe vessels of war of any other nation." These orders might have produced an immediate collision be-tween tbe naval forces of the two countries Thia was most fortunstely prevented oy an appeal to the justice of Great Britain and to the law of na- tions as expounded by her own eaunent jurists.have proved fully equal to the delicate, trying sod responsible pueiuons in which toey have en different occasions been placed.The ratifications of the treaty with Japan, con- cluded at Jeddo on the 2dto July. 1868, were ex- changed at Washington on the 22d May last. and tha treaty ittelf was proclaimed on the succeeding day. There is good reason to expect that, under its protection and influence, our trade and inter- course »kh tost distant and interesting people will rapidly inert ase.ofAn sovereign Ststes,tederacy is a rope of sand, to b<» pnetraud and ft•<*£*» i does not of iuelt afford just cause tor dissolved by the hrst adverse wsve oi^ publicIt mar be asked, then, are the people of UP* biid a loi>g.night of leadsn dewpousni T.-O«| I ^<- the imperial gm erflment, which cannot fail to fos- ment of the empire of Brazil onr relatione continue Smte^wftoout redress against ^ y r a n u v aad op shroud the n»twns. Onr exano>!e for more '-.<» ter the senttmer-ts Of mutual regard tent have so | to be of the most amicable character.<?!•*<. iv ; ; 'he Union. Thi* is more especially rue epinloa in any of toe Wete*. u< tots manner our toir y three 8tate* may resolvei- bis el,, \m banfceea eS'ectfcd by a mere plural jr. themselves into as many p*tty.. jerrug sr-d B«T a ir»sjori7. of tbs |»«ople, and has resumed and hostile republics, each one retiringfrom the Union, without responsibility. w.t«nev«r frvim vr...,»ieU and temporary ennase, wbksh m*y any sndde* excitement might impel them to such a1• >bet< v never esain ooeur. In order to jnstif/ » course By thia process a Uatoo muht he eiU* HVpresston of the fedoral government' By^no^ mean* Tie right of resistance on the part of the governedtipbtv y»sr» wunW not only be lost, but it •.»**' long existed between the two countries. Under nWOBAUSSMbe emoted ss a ceoclusive proof Hat man i- u IT the French lae no person ean serve in the arm.ee The exchange of the ratifications of the conveo- tor *f it-government. of France untew he be a French citfeen. The law I tion with the republic of New Granada, signed atIt Is not every wrong- nay, it is not every x' • ol France reconciling the natural right of ex jarri- Washington on the 10th of September. 1*5", nasnetttto revotutionaiv reanmante, the federal go-broken iuio fragments in a tew weeks, which w a t?;uage in our own tutthedistinction history as well as the character of the feoeral eon. >*»revolution! agar.Suchaprincipleis mhollyinconsistent with thesututiee. After it was framed, with the greatest *nd t.ot a vclutiteestablished government, under thia free government there at an inces- nnes in case he should returnto hisnabveIt is not pretended thut any clause in the conati- Bisnded the insurgents "todispers* and retire tti'iou givts countenance to such a theory. It is pi-steably to their respective abodes, within a 11- altogener founded upon inference, not from any adipd time." TbN doty cannot by po«-*lbility beartie'e tor ita own amendment was intended to se- MKr,h,lM;o. concluded a convention for this purposelanguage contained m the instrument itaelf, butfrom the sovereign character ot the several Statesby which it Was ratified. But U it beyond the d at to eXHJine It, and where, even if there were power of a State, like an individual, to yield a por-tion of ita sovereign rights to secure trie remainder?cure the amicable adjustment of conflicting consti-tutions! questions like tbe present, whtah mightsrise between the governments of the States andthat of the United States. This appears from con- m which more than one hundred of our fellow orti-Enueo States, tuning express relercuce to tbe Arti-;ikken. trie officer in c o m w t d of >he fort* has r^- iieived orders to act strictly on tue defensive. InLegislatures, as may be deemed most advisable to attain the object.cles ol cot trderation, recites that it was establishedly preiai'-i, and thi Union of the States, which is declared void by the judiciary whenever it shall be it is contended that that this "more perfect union" «»quences wi-uld rightfully rest upon tne he^is af to the final seitierneat of the trae construedja ol e-lahns. Both governments were bound respective-the source ef all these blessings, is threatened withpresented in a legal form.does not lujiude the essential attribute of per- the assailarrfs. the constitution on three special point*: —petuity. Apart from tbe execution of the laws, so far as 1. An express re cognition of toe right of proper- But that the Union was designed to be per jetual ;l U may be prn-'icahle, t l - Kxe -wive r-:i« t»o an- ty in sltves in the Stales where it now exists orly to pay the amounts awarded to the several claimants "at such times and places as may be i.xed by and according to the tenor of" said awards.I iraa-mitted thte convention to the Henate far their eonstitntfsnal action on the 3d of May, 18S»tdeen-sstior.' Tha long continued and intemperate Only three years after my inanguritlon, the Su- preme Court of the United States solemnly adjudgedappears conouaively from the nature and extent A trie powers conferred by the constitution on the iederal government- These powers embrace the very highest attributes of national sovereignty. They place both the »w<>rd and the purse under itsebority to decide what shatl be tl»*- reiarions be- . ween the federal government ami Soatti Carolina Ba has been it:vested with no so :h <li-: retion. tlo rjovsesses no power to cbauge toe relations .i< retotore e-.\i.-ting between them, much less to acknowledge the independence of tliat -1ate. This would be to invest a mere Kx-itv i v i g BOsuch arepoohibiltty. A ay attemp* to i|. thiswould onhispart,b+anakedacto?c.:r- pui'.on. It is, therefore, my du-\v to submit to Con- '„ e-a the whole question to ait ire beavruigs. >m o e.ise of events is s o rapist? hanieiu >g forward. ti a • the emergensy may soon arbe when you u ,»y h« called upeu-to decide the mom-nto'ts qaea- d'm wheher >0a ftwMBStos po-vr. by leirce of *»tia,«e sompoltState to reaain io toe Usuoa. f thculd feel mysef recreant to my duty wcrd Iit to express annopinion on this important sub-that this power did not exist in a Territorial Legis-lature. Yet, such has been the factious temper ofthe times that the correctness of this deoision hssbeen extensively impugned before the people, andof(heOnionare nowarrayedagainst eachother, thequestionhasgiTenriseto angry political con- control CoLgrtss has power toni^kewar,andmay hereafter exist.2. The duty of protecting this righi In all toecommon Territories throughout their territorial ex•place It is embodied te strong and express lan-,tion of ^dependence, everbeobserved.thatthisdesperate remedy ef s despairing people, after every ether constitutional means of enucfliation had been exhausted. We should reflect tnatfrom It by virtue of sant ebb aud flow te public opinion. The slavery right. Iashort,letus question,liteeverythinghuman,willhaveIta none of the people of the several States for ratlfi look the danger fslrl tht face: secession is net- day. I firmly believe teat it hat already cation. Its.provisionswerediscussedatlengthin itermorenorleesthinrevolution Itmayorit reached and passed the culminating point. these bodies, composed of tb>?firstmen of the joun may not be a justMabte revolution, but still it is re. Bot If, In tine midst of the existing ex-These prteeiptea avers sasmniried In lSit by Fieiich Minister of War. and In two late eases have been confirmed by the French judiciary. In these, tsonativesofFrancshsvebeendischargedfrtm tbe French army because they had hmasa American cttisens. T o employ tike language s f our present Minister to France,uwho hssgood service en thia occasion, I do notFrench naturalized fellow cttiaena will hereafter experience ttiteh annoyance on tote anbieet." I venture to predict that tha time ia not far distant when tbe other Continental Powers will adopt she MUM wi-e and jm* policy which has done so saneMdeliberationandcare,itwasbohmitledtoconven sninremitoonstiltry. Its opponents contended that it conferred powers upon the federal government dangerous to the rights of the States, whilst its advocates main teined that under a fair construction of the lastru* ment there waa no foundation for sueh apprebeusiona. In that mighty struggle between the Href itnl fn»;u thi.-, obligation he cannot be absolved by Provided for its own preservation, fbis has beenIt hi said, however, that the antecedents of the President elect hare been sufficient to justify the main of the South that h e will attempt to invadeliensions of contingent danger in tbs future suffi- to intimate that their efforts were all vaia labor, have exerciteo- no control? Such, at the present because the moment that an? State felt herself ag- moment, is the case throughout the state of Southintellects of this or any other country. It any human power. But what, if the performancepcrfiirmed in a State where no judicial authority existt to Issue pincese, and where thfir-- is no Mar-zens are interested, were recognised, sad the . -pani-h government agreed to pay $100,000 of thai Hmount "wi bin three months following the exchange(11/HERALD.Jed at different critical periods ot oar history,andsever occurred to say individual, either among of this duty, in whole or in part, has been render- always with eminent success. I• is to be found in honor to toe enlightens d government ef the Eorpe-Its opponents or advocates, to assert or even ed imyrecn Able by events over which he could the fifth article providinv for its own amendment. ior in any event, our government la bound to)againstthosewhodreadedthatthsrightsofthe States would be endangered by the consti.ntion. the truth is that it was not until many years after the origin of the federal government that such a-ecure the administration of justice by means of theFederalJudiciaryareconoerned Sittoe federal officers within its limits, torongh whose igency al<>ne these laws can b e carried Into exe- cution , have already resigned We no longer haveof the several States,?' and have consequently be-comepartsoftheconstitution. Tothirprocessthe country is indebted tor the clause prohibitingCongress from psssteg any law respecting an es-tablishment oi religion or abridgioc the freedom ofspeech or of toe preen, or of th« right of petition f fitted bfates the mutual friendship and regard To this we are also indebted for the Bill of Rights, which bsve so long existed still oeatttaue te prevail,tale?Fromtheverynatureofhjaoffice,anditsUgh responsibilities, he mast necessarily be con-servative. The atom duty of administering thevast and complicated concern i of this governmentaffords in itself a guarantee that be will not at-tempt any violation of s clear constitutional rightAfter ail, he is no more than the chief executiveofficer of the govern nent. Bis province Is not tomake, but te execute the laws; and it is a remark*able fact in our history that, notwith*mnding therepeated efforts of the anti-slavery party,no single act has ever passed Congress,unless we may possibly except the Mis- Such authority is believed to be utterly re- H unable to execute civil or criminal prooess innsasu.Between the great empire of Russia and theproposition was first advanced. It was then met i District Judge, a District Attorney, or a Marsha!, and refuted by the conclusive arguments of Gene i, Sou*ri Carolina. In fact, tha whole machineryrai Jackson who in his Message of 16th January. 1833, transmitting t h e nullifying ordinance of South Carolina to Congress, employs the following language:—"The right of the people of a singleand. If possible, to increase. Indeed, our reli ' with tout empire are all tout w e couldState to absolve themeselves at will, and The only acta pf f'"tigress on tbe statute bookwithout the consent of the other States. beirngut+on thta subject are tlWe ef the 2Sth from their most solemn obligations, and hazard February. 1796. and 3d March, 1«07. These au-have long survived without^ these amendments Again, the constitution was amended by toe tame process ater the election of President Jeffer- son by tbe House of Representatives, in February, 1803. This amendment Wasrendered nene*«ary to prevent a recurrence of the dangeri whieh had seriously threatened toe existence of toe govern- ment daring the pendency of that election. Thehave been for many years. Our citisens have held, snd continue to hold, numerouss gainst the Spanish government These had»nty urged for a series of years by our successive ntftomatio representatives at Madrid, but without i-bn-.mii Kredress. The Spanish government ftualtw ngie« d to institute a joint commission for the ad- juetmetit of these claims, and on the 6th day aftbe liberty and happiness oi the million* com- thoriatp tne President, after he shall have sscer-f the federal government, necessary for the dis- tribution of remedial iustice among the people, h s s b •• n demolished; ami it would be difficult, if not impossible, to replace it.which secures the peoDie sga<««t any abuse ofpower hy the federal government. Sueh were theapprehensions justly entertained by the friendsoh State rights at that period s s to have rendereditextremely doubtful whetherthe constitution could i licatpd though less dangerous character thanthe certain m e s a s o t immediately abolisiun* ties Afric«8 sla«e ti »d" throaghont tire world. ! wotrat n<^ repeat thir rewunruetHlition upon toe present oceaf ion. if I believed thai the transfer of Cuba to tie I ned btates, upon cemditiffns highly favor- silr*e to e-paio. ccti'.d justlr tamfc-li the n.-itionalh(vi»oioftheproud»ndancientr»panisl.monarchy. MiTelv no pen-«'n ever ettnbnie'd to the first N'dpo- i. ->n<i dWrgard of the national Honor of Fraoee, ti-r 1.r;inste'ring Lottisdana to the United states fo»- e tdir eouivaleut both in money end commercial wdt sr;»ges.ItTStRU BTl\- !i the troperor of Aostrta. and the remaining' n mental Powers e»l' Kurope. including tiiat of -ieMiivan, our relations coutioue to be of too i. ost friendly character.CSISAfriendly character, hince ihe comniericement of The friendly and peaceful policy purfu^d by the K vernmeiit of the United S'ates towards the em-my iidministr,tion the two dangerous questions j ire (>t China has produced tao most sausla toryIn order still further to secure the uninterruptedexercisi %f these high powers against 8»te in er-posrtion, It is provided "that this constitution andthe lsws of toe United States which sha.il be madein pursuance thereof, and alt treaties made or Kadbon oprKieed It in a brief but powerful speecn, tlen.eiit entirely ssti^factcry t> tlas government.•torn which 1 sbsH extract mtf a siuc> sentence. In n>j lost nnnoul Message 1 informed CoDgrt-sa e observed:-"The u»e of force agtit».t a Sttte that the British government had not then "eom- * ould look mure lfike a declaration of war tean ile-ud treaty arrangements with Uierejubllcs ofcial; and this government, to the extent of | g tbe then existing Congress of the old con- of the lend trom the dajs of Washington until the its powers, acts directly upon the individual 'Icferation.present moment. Here, then, a clear esse la pre- citizens of every State, and executes its ownseuMd. |n which it will be the duty of tbe nextPresident, as it has been my own, to act with vigorin asecnung this supreme law against the conflict-ing enmetCMUt* of State Legislatures. Should hefa3 in she performance of this high duty,'he will character. This ett It in toe discretion or each then have manifested a disregard ofthe constitutionand laws, to the great injury of the people of near- It one-halt of the States of the Union. Bat are we to presume in advance that he will thus violatewhether to obey or to refuse, and they otVn declined to comply with cuch requisitions. It thu« became necessary, for the purpose o: removing this bar- rier, and "in order to iorm a more perfect I nion, to ektsbliah a government which coula act directlyrwards? Shalt we bold it as a province, and vern it by Ceseotic power"' In the nature of ,rog* we could not, by physical f >rce, control theill of the people, and compel toem to elect Sena rs and representatives to Congress, <euu t0 per- im all the otnejr duties depending upon their own .iitiou, and required from toe free citrous of alating to Boston and the other islands in the Bay of Honduras.It must be a source of sincere satisfaction to allclasses of onr fellow citizens, and especially tothi se engaged in foreign commerce, that toe claim,to toem out of the fund provided, and it is roofi- deatiy ex<>ected that toe remainder will ere long be entirely paid. After the awards shal- h*ve been saustied mere will remain a surplus of more than $2O04*0 at the disposition of Congress. As thiaciple of justice and of Christian charity. Letas wait for the overt aet. The Fugitive Steve law upon the people and execute its own laws withouton toe part of Great Britain, forcibly to visit and will in equity belong to the Chineae r jvernment,would not justice require its appropriation to some benevolent object in which the Chinese may be specially interested? .has been carried into execution m every contested case since the commencement of the present ad- ministration, though often, it is to be regretted, with great loss and inconvenience to the matter, and with considerable expense to the government. Let ns trust that the State Legislatures willrepeal their unconstitutional and obnoxious enactments. Un-the intenueiiate agency of the States. This has be en accomplish oc by toe constitution of the United States.In short, the government created by the consti-tr.ject weald douhtless tt°> to preserve the Union, any moment have been precipitated into a war. ear between Great Britain and France and the reign people of each ol the several States has pre- ttar would not eoly present the most effectu*! This was rendered manifest by the exasperated Chinese emuire; although, in conjunction with tondecrees by the agency of ita own officer*, in this respect it diflers entuVjy from the governmeut un- der the old confederation, which waa coafiaed to making requi-fclona on toe S u e s in their sovereignat varianoewit.h,the whole spirit and latent of the that tils treaty was rejected by the British govern- Minister. In toe aggregate they smount to ths institution. Suppose such a war should result iu ment because of its objection to the just and im- sum of *-ti»,6*Jt 78. The claimants have already « conquest of a State, how are w e to aoveruit portant amendment of tbe fienate to the irtie'e re- received a large proportion of toe sums awardedtution, ard deriving its authority from the sove-h« own artrSrf without the consent rf her sisterwith hoiror front the last fatal plunge. By so • udreud catastrophe the hopes of toe friebds oi r -*• racter. A decision bee recently been made by aIt eppears, frcju tht proceedmus or that b->dy. that on toe Slat Map. 17V7, the slaiw* "an horizin* •i-j exertion of ths three of the whole utrainat a d«- itcouent Stote" came up for consideration. Mr.The discordant .?onstructions of the Clayton and Eniwer treaty betve.-n toe t * o gov^ruineuts. which, at diTcrent perioJs of the di»cu--siou, bore a tlireatening aspect, hive requited ui a final set-l &«>,supplementary to this treaty, for toe adjist- r.env a.;U sans'am ton of the claims of one citizens oat 14.ma. referred to iu my Last annual Message, haa besen a ieady CUriied into effect, so far as tbei was practicable.• hich shall be made under the authority of t*ieUnited States shall be the supreme law of toeland; and the judges in every t^tate shall be boundthereby, anything in tuf constitution or lavs of •<nv Infliction of piisishment, and would probably rlotdcias aad Nicataiiua, it; pursuance of tb« ua- port and export dniics on American vessels at the one State to the contiary notwithstanding." <»e" considered by the party attacked es » disnolu- dcr^anding between the two governments. It Is'ihe solemn sanction or religion has been super- tiort of all previeiua compacts by which it mt^tit be r» vertoeless confidently expected that this good added to the obligations of official duty, and all iocmd." Upon hw motion the clause w*8 uuaji- *oik will ere long be accomplished.'' This confi-Senators and Kt preventatives of toe United States, :uoe*ly postponed, and was never, 1 believe, s^ain all members of State I-egialatures, and all exeeu ^reseiites. Soon alter *ard», on toe 8th June,ports ol Canton, bhanghae and Fuchan; ano it waa "agreed that this amount shall be iu lull liquida- tion ot nl. claims of American citizens at tiie va- rious ports to this date." Uebeatnre* for this amount, to wtt:—30b UU) Uels for anion. 100,00s) for Shanghae. and itiO 000 for Fucnau—were de-»7b7, when incidentally adverting to the subject, He «aid;—"Any government for the United States, oiu-cd on the supp< -*.d practicability of using eica against toe unconstitutional proceedings of •be States, would prove as visionary and fallacious in all t » forms, legislative, executive and judi- -4» the governneut o: Conaress"—evidently mer.n-; \Vtfhout descending to particulars, It may be Bifcly rted that the power to make war against a Statedent expectation hassiuco beeufulfihed. Her Britan-nic Majesty concluded a treaty witii Hondurason the-ifeth November, 1859, and with Nicaraguaon the ?Sth august, i"('»0, rcliu.juishing the fcios- livered accorn»g to tne terms of tne convention ciuito protectorate. Besides, by tbe former, the by the respective Chinese collectors ot the cuvtousa Hay Inlands-are recognized as a part of the repub- ot these ports to toe agent selected by our Minis- lic" of Honduras, It may be observed that toe ter to receive the same.tive or judidal officers, "both of the United Stites and of toe Several Stat-3, 6hall be bound by oath or affirmation to support this constitution."Under this article amendments have been proposed protect toe rights of our naturalised citizens everp-The bare enumeration of these prov»-i»ns proveshowinudrquatetheyarewithoutfartherlegislationclusivelydefenoedtheresolutionsofthepre- *'>•".>jSiaastoawaitthedecisionoftheCommSB-to overcome a united oppuwition in a single State, ceding Legislature egainst toe strictures of sioners for er against "the Amistad claim," bat not to speak of other Mates who may pUce them- aevetal other State Legislatures. These were n any event the balance was to be paid to theHeives is a similar a*rJrude. <JonKre.ss alone has mainly founded unoa the protest of theby the Staes—that is, by the people in each of the bta es— acting iu their highest sovereign capacity, ard formed, consequently, by the same authority which formed the Stake constitutions.""Nor ia toe government of the United 3t%tes, erea«*d by the constitution, less a government in the 6trlet sense of the term, within the sphere of its powers, ih*u the goverameuts created by the constitutions of the > atts are, within their several tpheres. It is, u s e ihem, organized into legisla- tive, executive and judiciary departments, it operates, like them, directly on person* and things;and, like them, i t has a t command a physical force for ex*euUng th" poaxia committed u> it.''annulled at the pleasure ot any one of the contract- •or a ia;r eqnlvalei.f. - b y th<j cons<•< t >f The Legts- tory wncridmei't to the coasti utio», or t AO'h'.rds Neither the validity of the Amtxted claiaau s parties, l i e old articles of confederation a ure of ti^ rtate.'* "'or t!ie ore"fi"t 'if forts, ma of themselves, if yticfi bft'i been their option, nor of any other" claim against either party,were entitled 'Aruc-es of Confederation and Per- •rwr.me*. *rsens»," A c , arid ov'-r t'le^t- the an- might, by an application to Congress, h.ive ob -. nl- :hf finple exception of the Cuban claims, wasof <evii may never come, unless w e shall rashly bring it upon our<elvea.lc is alleged as one cause for Immediate secession that the Sonthem States are denied equal rights with the other States in the common Territories. But by what authority are these denied? Not by Congre**, which has never passed, and I believe never wdl pass, aiy act to exclude slavery from these T*. rvitories; and certainly not by the Supreme Court, which bss solemnly dectded tnat slaves are Eropsvty, and, lite all other property, their oonerssve a right to take them into the common Territo- ries, and hold them there under the protection of the constitution.So far, then, as Conejos is concerned, the ob- plenty smiles throughout *ue lsnd. Oar commerce jection is not to anything they have already done, hut to whet they may do hereafter. It will surely mi manufacture* have be.-a prosecuted with ener- be admitted that this apprehension of future dan- gy end tndsstry, and have y;-lded fair and ample ger is no good reason for an immedU'e dtesoluttna reams. In short, ao nation in the tide of time baa of the Union. It is true that the Territorial Legis- lators of Kansas, on the 23d of February, leko, ever prei-cnted a spectacle of greater materia passed in great haste an act, over the veto of theprosperity than we have done until within a very Governor, declaring that slavery " i s . and shall b e ,forever prohibited in this Territory."' Such anrecent pe!iod. act, however, plainly violating th.e rights of pro-Why ait, then, that dis intent now to extensive- perty secured by tbe constitution, witl surely be "in order to torrn a in >re uerl'ect union."' And yet *neh a eontipnencjf, the reepouslbibty for cou- This explanatory amendment might be confinedclaimants, eitser by *>pein or the United Statea. f hese terms, I have every reason to know, are high- ly sstisfactory to the holders of the Cuban claims. Indeed, they hsve made a formal offer authorisingTE MWDEITS MESSAGE,PILLOW Cm/ass OF THS SerumSSD HOfSl 0* RKTWBlHTATmtS:—Tirougbout the year since sur last meeting the soentry h%a bean eminently proaperooa in all its natsrisi nrm-*- TIM general health has beenpower to decide whether the present laws can or cennot he amended so as to -srry out more effec- tually the objects of the e^ngtit Hion.The same msnperatele obstacles do u>>t lie lu the vtay of est cutfJiK the lawn f ir the co'le-.-ton of toe qubtoms. the revenue h'ill eonttTi-.'-s 10 be col- tt'ct*'!, ns her-totiwe. at the Oustoor Hoti*e in.h.irles-oQ; and should the collector unfortunately re: fen. a tmccesaor m a y b e appoinwd to perform uhis rttt'y.Virginia Legislature agunst the "Alien and Sedi-tion acts,'' as "palpable and alarming iufrattionsof tbe constitution. in pointing ouith^ peacefuland constitutional remedies—and he referred tonone other—to which the States were authorizedto report on such occasions, he concludes by say-tog "that, the Lc^isWTires of tht? Svntus uii^htLave made a dirtct representation to Congresswnh aviewtoohtsin•%rescinding of th«?t*ooffeneive acts, or they might have represented totheir respective Senators in Congr»-.»s *heir wishthat two-thirds thereof would propuse an expUna Board ol Commissioners in the usual farm.Then" iti regard to the property of to* Onited It was intended to be perpetual, and not to be +nt«*s ivi South Cawdina. 1'hls h«^ be,-n nnrchasedAii ofp<-r claims of citizens of the United States »•? ., t Spain, or of subjects of the Queen of Kpato ugaim-tibf United i^ates,including the "Amistad ciaim," were by this convention referred to' apetual Union between the States:" aim uy the 13th h -ttty "to exercieewexclusive let'isi liop."' bnn tamed a convention for the same objtct."article it is txpres-ly declared that ' t h e arti- •veu excressly graaeed by t'w t?oa*ttt'i'if>a to Con- This Is tbe very course which I e imestly recom cles ol his c nttueration shall be inviolably ob- gi^ss. I* is not oetie'ved ihat sny ai^mpt Will be mend to order to obtsia an "explanatory amend- eerveu by every Mate, and tbe Union- shall be ger- made to expel the United States from t*n pr tpcty ment" of the constitution on the sunject or slavery.etual." The presmole to the constitution of the iy fore*; bot tf ift thb> 1snrtu'd f"\>v« t*» be uiis- This mipht originate with Congress on, to- Stater, eoenwted by tijp convention. Indeed, the Spsa- '-', government did not insist that tbe validity of u e Amistad nairn should be tons recognized, not- •A-T'hstsrding its payment had been recommended u> Coup*ess by two of my predenesaors as well SB r-y tnyseif, snd an appropriation for that purpose hi-tl p'assed the Senate of the United States. They n ere content that it should be submitted to the Ib-ard for examination and decision, like the ojharto make peace; to rsi-e and support armies audnavies, and to conclude treaties with foreign go-vernments. It h* invested with the power to coinmoney, and to regulate the value tnereof, and to a ice sovereign State*;, it bears no rettem >i.mc-» and of the validity ot the Fugitive olavu Uw enact- regulat* commerce with foreign nations, aud< utive officer with the pow<>r or * cuognizinir the '1 solution of the confederacy atuo ig our thirty-These proceedings place our relation* with Spain to another, res'ured and ' delivered up" to him, in an awkward and embarrassing position. It isto have hi* slave, who ha* escaped f. o.-u one Sute j .i *-recognition Ofa foreign defac'0 goverum-'itt, ed for this purpose, Uigetiler with a dec4.ir*tiouthat ail Stiitij laws iiupairiug «»r defeating tuts right are violations of f]if> cousti'ution, and are conse- quently null and void. •Bnt. if we possessed this power, would it be wise of tbe two countries which has existed since the warte exercise it ueder existing circumstance*? Tne of 1812. Wt-ilst it remained open, they might at structions, has remsined perfectly neutral in themeantime, who can foretell what would be the suf- SrtDgs and privations of the people during its exis1l i e fact is, that our Union rests upon public opi- ukm, ami can never be cemented by the blood ofis»ctf«eris shed in civil war. If it cannot live in the ^flections of the people, it must one day perish. Oeitqrress possess many means of pres^rvin? it by conciliation; but The sword waa not placed in their liat-d to preserve It by force.mi nation on the lace ot the earth. In rvery foreign region of the globe toe•ftie of American citizen is held in the the government and people of both countries in 1 heir visit, and inspired by the most friendly feel-lelstions continue to be of the most friendly cha-the contracting partiea. if this b« so, tho con their federal obligations. „TM„ia nt th.< dout ttrooght'US tbe woild would be deatr >.,;!. French judicial hiftubal, with the approbation of With the wise, conservative and Hberal govern-lttee?tclasffise her people from all or any ofjesty the Tycoon of Japan aad his aucoeasora."* _J 3 .v-J»„ <*rt»„>irtfoTornmentacannothistory.Uiu destroyed, and ue» onesfearful alteruatire, f'bis ouirut t<I'rcrchm&fi, by fte fact ef having became a c!*r«nuhich neither party ia censurable. These ream*ots a meg— wb»ah can ju-aitj * resort to * l'hia c'ugbt to li« tnt;or», itrbllwv* SHa necessary consequence tost < been tone delayed from accidental causes, torUntitled DocumentThe only question of any importance which stillremails open is the disputed title oetween the twogovernments to the island of bsn Juan, in thevicinity of Washington Territory. As this ques-tion teVil! undtr negotiation, it is not deemed ad-visable at toe present moment to make any other Tycoon had accredited three of his most dis- elusion to the subject. tinguished subjects as Envoys Extraordinary andL'ut may Ibe permitted solemnly to invoke mycountrymen to pause and deliberate be ore theydt'ttrniue to destroy this, the grandest templewhich has ever been dedicated to human freedomsince the world began? It has been consecratedbvthebloodofOUTfathers, bythejrtortes of toet>eet and by the hopes of the future. The Unionhas already msde us the most prosperous, and? ere vate character, to toe people of this country, has treated with marked distinction and kindneas both lonp. will, if preserved, render ua toe most power-highest respect, and when prononneed in a fo their political snd social Intercourse with each eif>n land it causes toe hearts of our countrymen - other.ngs for our country. Let us ardently hope, m tha •anguage of toe treaty itself, that "there shall henceforward be perpetual peace and friendship between the United States of America and his Ma-..welt withboneet pride. Surely when" we ret he brink of the jswning abyss, we shall rePRASTB.With France, our ancient and powerful ally, ourTL* recent visit of toe Prince of Wales, In a pri- Ministers Plenipotentiary, who were received aadproved to be a most auspicious event. Ia its con- by the government and people of toe United States. Be<iuenct-s it cannot fail to Increase the kindred There is every reason to believe that they have re- arid kindly feelings which 1trust may ever actuate 'urned to their native land entirely satisfied withwith our -resent Minister s t Madrid. Uader thte convention, what have been denominated "the On- fun c aims," amounting to $128,635 and ad cents,ih" Biate Depar'meat to settle these claims, aad to • dedoc-the amount of the Amistad claim from tha -in B wtuch they ere entitled to receive from -nam This offer, of course, cannot he accepted.Louder tote convention toe sura of ^.ooorxi uela, equiii to about t'.oO ItiO, was stipalated is be paid m satisfaction of the clarna of American citizens, out of toe one-fiftb <>f tfie receipt* for toncage im-Our Minister to China, in obedience to his in-The ratifications ot the treaty were exchanged with unusual solemnity. For thia purpose the Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 