 1,It:!. MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1860.R e p u b l i c a n N a t i o n a l Convention-.CHICAGO, May 16. Republican State Convention SYRACUSB,April18.TO C0RRE8P0NDElfTS." a mammy." Or perhaps it took two to " nuss "I *61 r*%BATCIIELOR'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEES ment is unnecessary. ace-unrivaled. Tbeyaxelight,easy,durable,andfittoacharm.We-ahrfnkmg nor turninc up behind. BATCHXXOR'S HAIR Dra,|tfe bett i n the maM, the only harmlea* and relable DYM known.ry. Letustr»«u>withnihnations,-an-lactions,and fight with none, unless they assail or grossly wrongUho<mio*m^^^astonishing conclusions in favor of the revival oftriages, hired each at eight dollars a day!"and he is quite at a loss which to envy exult too soon. If Alexander EL desists from hisi 1krxsr coincides with the above. No charge is made if it i* notsuperior to-any other in coring Colic, Scratches, Old Sores, the birthday of Garibaldi, when the crowd was what purport to be copies of them have been sur- the UnioD.«AxOTHE* jOtAMOND W E D W N C^fcbH!f'«r.«Twryhteseed ringlet • * In yo« br*~* and r>*«y WrjAS Byyewtcbeekaet*xm+wAMUy, "X»dTOOTp***ly teeth, I swear;!&#&>«ByaHyewohaiaasefP«"?»» Of mam er», a&def mind,;A-« I swear. S w i Jane, to be••fm-—HI»*I»S-••*WE#itORR-^AIL#^R^iNBi APRILS » \ w A v i J ^ * M . * " * ' « » y h 1 ' ' 1 **«•**•.-nv*»-v\'mSStmrafifrff~---W-—ffm<•• «i,A. hnshaad tone sadYew* wishes ahall be law to me-p l o w whims •>sealed decree;iihall be required to cr^toate himseltHence weby its votemSHouse will:.-> 'f.,-•;••••: •,„;•••-• - »diaciaim iti -•te-day. , V; ?:*&--^&W;M&4;•ance and anti-Austrian.stain from direct participation in distant European broils, and to side with France, the natural ally of "Yon may waltz with all the world, and I Stall severjealous be.I'Ughf*house*taFourteenthstreet, ToallJonrXlnandVIth;KUPTURE CURED BY DR. RIGGS'S TRUSS.--EX,,Its tendency wasWm ab-And I'll dress myself, so help me Heaven I AttheclothingstoreofSMITH.making up the record onNo. 4 is a companion-piece to "Aunt Debby,"and is colled "Unole George," This venerable Russia. Besides, Gorchakoff was a decided parti-SlNGKR'S SEr7ING-MACHINES.Bo ^Bewlng-Machlwe.....».».....Sic 1 aWwmg-Machtne............ ' "thm Family Sewin£-Mach»e, A . . .Buwmwlng Ganges.. LX.SrxanItCo.,No.458Broadway,N.Y.•.• No.150Folton-st.,Brooklyn.GROTER * BAKER*8 NOISELESSF AXTL T Sxwnro-IlAOXQnw^ Tax Bnsr is Uax.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 18» Foltoa-rt., Broofclyn.SINGER'S SEWTNG-WLACHINES.As E m x i Nxw STTXJK.Bsstga* i tor all msaioiaotnrSng pnrposes, noieeless In Its opera-fttoswacy rapid, and capable of every kind of work. It is the ^•et waacrtine ever prodnoed. Price only $110.LM.SIVQURIt Co.,; , No. 458 Broadway, N. Y.domination—and that this would ultimately give cans the consequences of their own votes. For the victory to the Miramon or Church party.. Th* Family Sowiag-Machlne.. »#•••••.»••••••*•»#••here—not to continue our catalogue further—we>•* ••*•»•on this head. Miramon has been repulsed at VeraFoeVQCce address. Box No. 9 600.BEI>S, BEDS, BEDS.J&ATTKJMWM, FXA TXRRS, COTS, COX70RTKR8, Good and Cheap—Wholesale and Retail.for not more than ten years, to lease to George All " entangling alliances"—all engagements to help genital mamma,, was—unlike No. 2—free and " ing after, came a long procession of negroes, Russia and in the South, Alexander wasLaw and hiB associates for any time that portion of one party or the other to achieve such mastery are white. We left him, as we well remember, dilating " in decent attire, and a portion riding in car- repeatedly admonished by the peasantry, who-•'' • •forward the work of emancipation. The pow- " foreign ground?" is Washington's forcible inqui- old negress who swaddled him; and drawing from Mr. Pollard's idea of human felicity seems to be a ers of darkness and of slavery had better notM. WIUUXD,« •Agent, Ho. 384 Hadson-st., Corner of Houston, New-York.the Battery front for ferry purposes which they at war with our fundamental ideas of international complacently over a monument which he hadlhave occupied gratuitously for six years past. Com- rights and duties. ' Why quit our own to stand on erected to perpetuate the memory of the faithfulr i a g e s .Yes! negroesactuallyridingin car-gathered in thousands around him, to hurry"SweelClihnigs, Lamen«e?s»s, itcee.Hiram Woodruff and • eminent trainers use it. A singledispersed by the soldiery; many persons were. . . . . . . . . . ..$100 . 90"75 00 4to make party capital by charging on the Republi-erected the tallest description of monument.AndBULXSXTS,itC' . » . - . •C»&&»ferwhtteaia*and l?#«^P^^5ffiSferanted in no Way injurious, ^ o ladrahoold * ^ 2 8 S S 3 S 5 19Roundly' aseeits it, " as the special champions Of "jmonds " in the same page vf^yinuch afraid of the master is tired of his presence, and ahove a^ol^J ««Nicaraguan honoi" that Republicans oppose siioa vendue and not afraid of it at all—very sad at being the ideas which he represents. Perhaps it wai aprovisionasthis.Weopposeitintheinterestof sold,butabsolutelysureofbeingbid.habytheir morefromambitionthanfromconviction,(hatAmerican peace and safety. beloved masters. Somehow, Mr. Pollard's corors Gorchakoff inaugurated the new foreign policy of As to the Mexican Treaty, T7*c Times asserts do not harmonize; but as his effort to make the Russia; a policy whose character is fally described•. . .mat every Dottle naa w»F»i»»Xur;r ^ J . ^ ^ i . ^ PHALON It Soiw, 6U» Broa«way.v.-V'>•i i a iir^in^ndottB onee—that it '^^f:f^D^)^00^ of hood that war existed on the Rio Grande " by the tairs in the wi»^d..^.:l&.:'Pollard is not, to be sure, health. Every one knows that t&a report of bad P P 6 A L O H & S O N S ' " S N o w ^ W f e B Q B I E H T ^ L an nnjaorupuloBa and tyrannical House, be made an ^•iaofc of Mexico:" It is not, though TZ^ Timei exactly consistent, for he makes his "Black Dia- health in a minister signifies that the sovereign aad *!--waysi Sntru BXOTBJOI*' One Price Wholesale and XetaU Clothin* wearing tor jears aediesWareceoma, Noa. 122,128, and 140 Talton-«tt New-Y«*»-CSBrruaitKK's F A N C Y H A T S .Ik ebedienoe to a growing demand for a kd^h order of Xtatxss BATS VOX C i o n n r ,cocele, Hemorrhoi.cocek, ""Hemorrhoid^, Prolapsus;'and Enlargod Veins.Hocaa, entrance on JBaroiay-st.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSIs the best and bheapest article for Dressing, Beautifying. Cleanaing, Curling, Preserving, and Restoring the Hair.Astorsan of various internal adrruniatrative reforms, aad%r»b*wejnst opened & new, select, and beantifal assortment ofrepent importation and manafiactnro, comprising every desirable steacicxpttoaandpattera,»dI texu»l»dm themostappropriateman- ~ ^ atee *A taaeral assortment of BOTE* and YOUTH*' HAT» endCAM, Lanou' Kmmo II AX*, Ice, fco.—jfc IWAXXOCKk.Co.,Hatters,and that young Edward bilked him of his purchase-prominence, to it he uiifimchingly adhered, and with,dose given to an overdriven aorse puts new life into Mux iuxme-dUatefy. Trainers of race horses should aJw»ys havo a bottle onband.' A dose given after a hard heat will invigorate ahorse andmake him win when without it be might lose. It ht warranted Breadstuff's firm. Consols 94f'©94# for Money, and perfectly innocent. Price 50c. Sold by druggists and savdalers.Depot. Ho 66 Courtlandt-st., N . Y . .J; & M. T. LEVITT, NO. 19 Maiden-lane, New*9 4 ^ 9 4 3 for the Account.as they would assuredly have done if they with carrying out that great measure. This event produced a great excitement in St. Petersburg andTork,andNo.81Minories,London,havingthisdaydisposedof their New-Yotk butiness to Mr. J. H. BRAJ>BCRY, their late Agent, solicit a oontinuance of the patronage with which they have been favored. . ,hands. Suchisthestateoffactsinviewofwhich ponedtodoitfulljustice. Willourreadersglance andeverywhere,hailedthedisappearanceofanob-- 404 Uie prices have been fixed at the IOWXAT FOMIULM JL V. BAcesnrfrCT it Co.,' (ofpoeft* M . Fan)'* Chuxoh) N Athat canvacB, is utterly groundless. W e are aware I him to send an armed force t i t h e Isthmus to "reMr. Polhird's tMrdpioture k a large piece. H e '^mThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069though not entirely contradicted by the newsthe whole is MO vitalized by vividness of oonoeption, and depth of conviction, and martyrdom of spirit•JIP—ailkFor sale everywhere. pHAMWfcSonVBE-1 LH I L L ' S H A I K D Y E ,gives ua to understand that slave-auctions, whicii brought hf the Niagara, of $& probable se- 1 ! wot/Id be held to exist «* by the act of " Nioaragua, Bave been represented in a somewhat different tirement of Prince Grorchakoff, the Ministerthat m ^ melts the soul j Ofthisspef ehould be c technically t* really a spe< and irmnentiii and its since it is not toon all.sides.Tlviofent'mcasufcroad, and ca 11ii8 branch of his rights and discuss that a the country, ai the case. For work with urforce of rhetor,.• • ... .fTHE it•IMEAGNIe * > • • * '•JSpeciai Dispatch tcTHENo return h Terry CommitsaSanborn,butit ihe Committee < to obey the eu need the Sergea anceUmade to legislation, as tb efficerto call a j executingjudiciiletter to the Cor lie meant no dis not come here, i apprehensions fcTHE EThe Post-Ofnc cide against the Ing in Brooiiy: against the who! iugs-^THE ABSENCE• The return of iain.. At last i move his wife to the hope that slit jretura here.j TID•> The Pacific R terminedonone 'Curtis bill with«Salt Lake City. blouse by the lar Pacific project, i encounter a mor *vhereaneffortI addition. Mr. 1 {THE TRIBUNE r< advocated three, iition of capital INoitrtern, startrrJwouldbepreferr • •>• THI Recent inteliig .through the Brit donthescheme'Jacable. ""UNITED STlDelia. Torre, p fornia, contempl Calhoun Bei•SENA! Mr. TRTJMBU1 citizens of IIinois3stsintheUnion, of Slavery in CGDJ Vmmend to all Le tion, for establish ^States and Territoprohibited, and lered with by Coi Mr. THUMBUI Judiciary Commit Mr. GREEN <Iand had better so Mr.TRUMBU •^for a change o -Committee wo-al< -referred to that CMr. MILSON "HugOn the Post- 0 iBponcence with Tnafit«r, in reiati Adopted.HOUSE The House is ei•me CalifTh« California 't>veiiand Mail r« ftfo., 18 miles boy„»large forceofaTM to Fort Smith, on jsas. Advices fro)'that the line on from Fresno City . .reach Loe ArjceletYxima it will he btelegraphic commt •and Los Angeles o . the mail companyYork and San FJ>etween the rir?t - rapid traveling. 1 . field, Mo., is seven-jsevea centa for eacLKAVKNWORT.* Information fron prehensions of. s« counties, growing**mmesty act. An a Marehal to arre&t resisted. Considei cityinregardtoth< the allegea fugitive mences on'Monda;- United States Dil . naenced receding^waxmanddiy.T h e C a u a <T o ROMThe Hon. Sidn Kjrtobe of this moi Jungements for th< Instead of Cork, »re to put a steamateamer is also to 3Jiver Da Loup A party is to st;»it> line of telegraph lanticosta.nV(«»M»«rtii*«.-.irt.«k '*^>• •••* <pJS5i5AS fc t;»lj - • »i •fat *&&^i&b^ Wew^mt&'MMfr^—aasvdMo*Ibfc QzQvnrr, for the growthani W ^ ^ [ « » J ^ ! J&2r light, of. day.>;: BatSl^Sf^^S^^fei^J^ ^^^^^ just as Congress voted in '46 the stupendous false- ligM^are the most^^vlacetious, comic, amusrng af- Of Foreign Affairs, and this on account of bad #* BocQTnrr i>* RACmtn, a delightful attract for the Handkerchief. sorted ;by Mr. < 3 o v ^ ^terr©thatever,bottleCMthe PTM**^^^]^*-"instrument of oppression and moraji.tpriww^a^^^ we do not see that its assertion is essential to good government,whileitseemsp^rUoiistol^iiyand at war with our common-law maxiru that no m^uTHEILLUSIVEWIG,I ..M. « it. mntion and cannot be worn,r „ ... eanretivMein itsactionandcannot^ vTb9t x -„„,« ^«»-»«vonrahleby1Uusej«.Itc w ^ ^Z uS^Srd noT enlargethe openfaga The Truss is ^f£r*&oa^oMrM"ed &"bathlo'g.is aways clean,and• -"' '"" '" ......wesxina-tor W T w i l l not injure it.. New remedies for Vari-Ladies, try it.For sale b y Druggists and Perfumers.CARD. jrSWSPAP»R XXPRBtt TBAIK..money by passingupon him spurious Coins. " TJncle it, according to the rumor, he is to ML Baron 3By the overland mail with SauErjmotoco dates to„' . TNOTICR TO THK CiTiwsxa or ALB AMY AM> Taor.—From cratic Senators voted in the majority; the Eepubli--L. N. SHEAR.But,withoutlettingusspeakforourselvestoitsreaders, The Times has not ceased to assert that letter 'Edward cried eo bitterly at the grave of histrust that thoauction-block a kind of Christian altar is highly creditable to his heart, his religion, and all that sort of thing, we must not be too critical.when we say that it was opposed to the holy alli- ',OurXiegialatureisnowWhich to go before the People next Pall, and we call attention to the fact that the bill to add a quarter-mill to the inevitable heavy #tate^ T ax for the current year, in aid of the proposed Kailroadfrom Albany to Bihghamton, passed the Senate on Saturday by 18 yeas (one more than -the-Consti- tution requires), and that eight of the nine Demo-No notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications. What- culated to increase the burdens of taxation and of Juarez in the intestine struggle of Mexico, and ever is Intended for insertion must be authenticated bv theNo. 6is "AuntMarie"—"an old, loved slave."nameandaddressofthewriter—notnecessarilyforpublica-tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.'We cannot andertake to return rejected Communications Business letters for T H K TRIBIOTR should in all cases bead-dressed to HOKACH GRXBLBY & CO. ;•'*,--••Tnos. BOOTH ia onr Agent in TXBWTOX, N. J., for the sale of THK TniBrxx.ToAdvertiser*inThe"Weekly Tribune.We will thank our friends to send in their announce- ments as early as possible, in order to secure their in- sertion in next week's paper. We devote but one page of THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE to advertisements, and those not received in season must lie over tall the succeedingweek. Price $1 US per line each insertion. No ad- vertisement inserted for lessthan $5.At a recent meeting of the Philadelphia anti- SlaverySocietytherenditionof"theslaveMoses "Horner" was pronounced a fresh evidence of thetendedthustomakehiscause,intheeyesoftheMexi-minority of the Legislature, with deliberate intent canpopulace, thatof religiousheterodoxyandforeign and over whom he has, we suppose, by this time,J?*INXLE & XrYON's SEWTNG-MACHINES receivedlaw bsj&est Madal at the Fair of the American Institnto, with man's inherent right to liberty affirmed above and is that of Foreign Affairs. This policy was adoptedsubserviency of that city to the Slave Power—andthe' Mghwaf ftpsanfaan for fine Sevriafr ataohtee work; also, high- —a— —» - - -S^Fat£c!f ft ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ f e & g b*yoBd a11 law" Sympathy witt the men who at and established by Washington and the great men all manner of turpitude because of our advocacy ofWHKELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. tempted his rescue was fervently expressed."W«preferthemforiamilyu»<-.»»—fTribtma. *They are the favorites for families."—[Times.his mind that a life which makes death welcome, who surrounded, counseled, and sustained him, and, levying Canal Tolls on the Central Railroad. We and the grave pleasant, must of neceesitybeahappythoughsometimesdepartedfrom,hasneverbeen copiedtheaccusationsandreplied;butTheTimes one. Heseemstothinkthatifanoldwoman,inpublicdebtissteadilysustained bytheDemocraticat whose death-bed Mr. Edward Pollard assisted,the burdens of taxation as onerous as possible.garded throughout inland Mexico as a result of hisOfthe downfall or dismemberment of the Mexican " Oh, Heaven, sweet Heaven, when shall I see,Republic. Ten defeats would not be so disastrous to When shall I ever get there V*the Liberals as one such victory. So "the recent is a type of them all Mr. Pollard finds in these sad"defeat"ofMiramonatVeraCruzq"disposes andEolemnrefrains^—inthiscontinualdesireofthe of "nothing, unless it be the candor of our cotem- slave for another and a better land—absolute proof porary. that the negro is perfectly contented with his lot.—A few days since, The Times charged us with It seems, somehow or other, to have entered into'•' ; OUR FOKEIOIVrOIilCY.If there be one topic on which our country maybe supposed to have a definite and established policy, itDo not the People see ?The Staten Island Ferry bill, to insure the safetySOMETHING NEW.—A BEMMER, TUCKER, and comfort of a thousand daily passengers has abstinence from intermeddling[inthe intestine or them. These-,are but specimens of the Parthian " Jesus,"shemusthavebeenhappyinher pilgrim-Omoe, No.,805 Broadway, New-York.Faxuta, BrjmxR and Ox ion combined, jnst patented. Simple, been industriously kept back in the Legislaturd, but other quarrels of foreign nations. The reasonsage, happy in her bonds, happy in her thankless warfare wherein that journal seems to take delight. toil, happy in her enforced widowhood, happy inhemming any width and tbicknet* of cloth, either tide, applied on Thursday of last week it was moved in the to any sewing-machine by any one in a few minntes.which commend andjustify this policy are so obvious,,and so forcibly Bet forth in Washington's FarewellWe are sure that a different course would more commend it to the regard of the fair-minded^ud. iMBTAIX. r RICB $ 5 ; LlBXRAX. DlSCOTTBT TO THB TRASX. Orders b y mail supplied, postage paid. Complete lnitrnctions go with every Bemmer. Send for a circular. Also, UJUTKRSALBoaoai-P'ox.pBR A»» SJCCT-MAXKBR, for Quilting.UaiVBjtaAi. BjQggg COMPAXT, No. 439 Broadway.ST ARR'SC&RXJCAU.T PRJCfAXXn OLCZ,Far Family na*. 25 cents per Bottle, with Brnah. FOM. SAI-K EVBXYWnBJUt.Maaiifaotuiadaad tax sale b ySTARR OLCB CoxrASY, No. 51 Idberty-st.BFALDTNG'S PREPARED GLUE.CNVUT. 12T XTXRT HOTTSB.FOR SAZR EVBRTWHBRR.ltMa&vetwed b y H. C. SPALDIJKI k. Co., No. 48 Cedar-st.Grinding Committee, by Mr. Collins, as the particu-her most unnatural bereavements, happy in her stripes, her degradation, her poverty, and her de- spair. . .Take another case. The meandering Pollard is making his observations in Macon, Ga. Helar friend of Eobert Christie, George Law's lobby Address, that we need not restate them. This pol- ;agent*- It passed unanimously and was not opposed' icy requires us to accept the Government in fact ofmanly, no matter of what party." >G i l -discarded. Its essence is Non-Intervention—a total has neither defended its accusations nor withdrawnthe dark hour of herpasaing, only exclaims "Mass'rbefore the Select Committee, of which the same any foreign country as the Government of right, and M B .Mr. Collins was Chairman. It was reported on to deal with it as such, whatever we may think ofP O I J X J A B B ' S P O B I B A I T I E B Y .Saturdaymorningcomplete with amendments. itslegitimacy,itsbeneficence,oritsstability. In WhenweformerlynoticedMr.EdwardA.Pol- encountersthefuneialofaslave—adeceaseddrum-former noble course, the Russian people win con- P ARKER BROS. LONDON CLUB SUCTCE isjust the Marei 19, which reached Springfield, Mo., on Friday us. If the people of any foreign country will fight the African slave-trade and against the en- "in a handsome hearse," or the fortunate folk tinue it. Only then the seemingly insignificant va- JrticlelongneededbythepobHctotatetheplaceoftJ»many night,welearnthattheJapanesesteam-corvette amongthemselves,wecannothelpit;butwe tirepopulation oftheNorthernStates. We whoactuallyrode"incarriages,hiredeachat porsofdiscontentmayexpandintoabloodytem-Apply at the Factory, removed to No. 16 Bona-mL ___most—"the body borne through the principal streetsjb.'erlor Sauces TIUM nave enjoyed a monopoly, and been sold Gandinamarrah arrived at San Francisco on the should maintain toward the contestants such a posi suppose that we had done forevet with at exorbitao*nrfes; soperioranU cheaper than all others in use, the*2»*t-sale it is now enjoying i» the best testof its merlu and pop- 14th of March, in forty days, from Yeddo, sent hy tion of impartial good will as may enable us to in- • the pathetic Pollard; but he has turned up again, ularity. Sold by.all respectable grocers, and by A. J. F ARKXK," eight dollars a day." As he begins his Letter pest, and a purifying aurora of fire rise uponIII. by sapiently "reflecting how illusory and falla- 3NO. 1* BeekBaan-st. the Emperor of Japan to announce that the terpose our good offices at any time for the restora- just a shade more affectionate than ever. He is 11 cioiiB are our poor human doctrines of happiness,"the horizon of Russia.Can it be that the Tax-Levy is kept back in theSANFORD'S LIVER INVIGORATOR and FAMILY Japanese Embassy would leare Kanagawa by tion of peace. Such was the foreign policy of the now not merely Edward the Epistolizer, but Ed-CATRARTIO tivv*.—Reliable medicines for Bdous attacks, the United States steamer Powhatan on the 11th of founders of this Republic; and, though our age is we fancy that he is misanthropical because he is aI>7fpep*ia, Sick-Headache, and allkindred diseases. Sold by ward the Author; and/onderof black people, if white man, and would rather prefer the coffin to Legielature in order that some provision for th©sUl Drogcifattie. Brineipal omoe removed to No. 208 Broadway, February. The officers and a portion of the crew unquestionably a fast one, we do not believe it has possible, than before.the coach.payment of the Records Commissioners $193,000,corner of Fulton »t.CRISTADORO'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEESof the United States schooner Fenimore Cooper, improved upon this plan of the sages who sat recentlywrecked,werebroughttoSanFrancisco aroundthecouncil-boardofGeorgeWashington.-The love of Pollard for black people sur-Perhaps we have taken mOre notice of this silly or a part of it, may be rushed through at so late anstandattheheadofthetrade.TheassortmentofLadies'BraidHalf W'Iga, Fronts, Jtc, la now complete. Wholesale and re- by the Candinamarrah, and at the request of thepasses theloveofwoman; andhehascom- bookthanitmerits. But,indorsedasitisby houroftheSessionthatGov.Morganwillbecom-gail, and the Dr» privately applied, at No. 6 Astor House.A SA VING OF T W E N T Y P E R C E N TEmperor, Lieut. John N. Brooks, U. S. 1ST, volun- —The' Senate at its present session, has been with Nicaragua and with the Juarez or Liberalpiled an entire volume which he calls " Black pelled to sign it ? If so, vho is keeping it back ?To all who wantGAS FIXTVRXS,CHXXA,GXJUM,- -illustrious *'darkies"—we use his own word—uponwhom at various periods of his life he has lavishedto regard it as the best literary defense which theSouth has to offer. Considered by itself, its follymakes it entertaining—compared with Mr. RowanHelper's bristling and impregnable statistics, it Correspondence ofThe N. Y. Tribune. sinks below contempt. There is nothing to be said: v that— ••'••'• ,:.:s' ';.-l(v-v;'..r-.> ;:««For a tin-e it was urg*d, especially by THKTRinprm, that the Government with which wo had negotiated was certain to be overthrown—but the recent defeat of its opponents at Vera Cru*dispones of this objection." .—-As this paragraph is but one of a series of attributions to THE TRIBUNE of*whatever sentimentThe Times^ sees fit to father upon us respecting the Mexican Treaty, we are impelled to give it some attention.On the 31st of December last, The Times printedone of its many leaders glorifying the Mexican " George "is still living; but we suppose that he Budberg, hitherto Embassador at the Court ofTreaty and arraigning T H E TRIBUNE for opposingwill have one of the PoUardiaa 'monuments in good Berlin, is said to be destined for his suo- •omecausearumorseemstohaveRainedcurrencyinyourvicini- canvotestandingtenfortoelevenagainstthismost it. Wecopiedthatarticleverbatiminourissueof time. ceesor. Amanofhonor,keen,shrewd,andoi^lNo. SIS Broadway. St. Nicholas Hotel. ty that the coat of the New-York Daily papers was to be greatly untimely measure. On the question ofstriking out Jan. 2d, and in reply carefully set forth our reasons No. 5 is "Uncle George's" wife "Belinda." atroBgwiH, Budberg, although still young, is wed*RICH CARPETING—SPRING STYLES.. . . . SM1TK & Lor»J«B»KltT.No. 436 Broadway, near ©rand-at.,.Invtt* attention to their Srawo SrrtMa JKoTai Witros, V*fc- T*r TajMBMrXT, and Bnrwaui CA»ITHO. •Also,Twwm-PtT andISGRAJN ofeveryvarietyofstyleand grade.jKit)l»handAmericanOJI.CI.OT7TA,fcc,Ac,&o-B**t style* English Vju/rjrr*, $ 1 25 to * 1 W per yard., Beet styles English T*rmvrscr, 80cent* to $1 per yard.FIEE-PROOF SAFES.8 • fTKAxars 4. Majmst,No, 40 MVXRAT-ST , N. Y.DEFIANCE SALAMANDER SAFES,With Patent Powder Proof Lochs and Cross-Bars. Also, Fire and Burglar-Proof Sideboard and Parlor Safes.No. 68 Mnrr*y-»i-, corner of CoHege-pl*oe.• ' • • • • • ROB»B,T M. PATRICK.EUREKA SEWING-MACHINES.Paxca, $tW, CoMsrCam. QVAHA*TKM3> TO,GIV* SATISFACTION. O m c x , No. 4b9 BROADWATPARTTZS SOT HA VISO FULL AXOCST ACC©xxoi>ATRn. AomnreWAymn.—Liberaldlsconntallowed. D.J.LXVY, Supt.advancedby the Newspaper Train.The original coat of the leading New-York Dalles is 1£ cents.I purchase and deliver these papers yRBiOHT FKBK for 2 cents, which is an advance of but one half of a cent, PRECISELY the sameXATXwhichisaskedbytheUnited States Governmentfor carrying these samejournal! in the mail bags five hours later.the provision for extending the Chenango Canal to the Pennsylvania line (an entirely new work) six Democrats voted, everyone of them against strik- ing out—that is, in favor of plunging the State into anothergulfof.expenditureandtaxation. When the Senate voted to strike out the provision for lengthening the new looks on the enlarged Erie Canal, of the five votes against striking out, three were cast by Democrats. The bill to involve our City in an expenditure of One Million Dollars (really much more) for a new City Hall in Madison Square received the votes of nine Democrats (every one elected) and but six Republicans, failing to pass by two vote3. In short, every measure cal-for desiring the Treaty's rejection. Had The Times • ded to the old and effete conceptions of absolutism. - copied our article in turn, its readers would have Belinda the "blithe," according to Mr. Pollard.seen just why we oppose this Treaty, and it couldnot have since misrepresented us as it has dona.Belinda "nussed " Edward. There is some discrep- If he becoir.es the immediate adviser of the Czar, | i«' THE TRIBUNE " takes this or that ground against the Treaty, with far more regard to its own neces- sities than to our proclaimed opinions."mammy." We don't know. Perhaps we are vation. It is not only the author, but hat beeaits manifest objects, rendered us in effect the allies "there7" -tual defense of the left bank of tho Rhine, and th* sheddiDg of Russian blood in tho interest of Ger- many,andofGermanabsolutism.If the rumors with regard to Gorchakoff andBudberg ehould come to be like the appointment ofCount Panin, an accomplished fact, it will simplyprove that Alexander II. is subject to the fate ofalmostallautocratawho,afteranattemptatanoblerNothing has since occurred to shake our convictionthree years past, scarcely a scheme of extravaganceand plunder has failed of eecuring a large measureofDemocraticsupportintheLegislatureforthat Cruz—repulsed(atleasthewillsorepresentit)hy oredofDeath. Itmaybetheresultofanenthusi- precise purpose. And the Democratic minority in the treacherous and piratical intervention of ourthis Legislature to-day obstructs the restoration of fleet and their capture of his munitions and stores. but all his free, fat, contented^ating, drinking,The Juarez triumph at Vera Cruz will thus be re-Canal Tolls on the Central Railroad,^partly in sub-serviency to its leaders, .who are managers of thatRoad, and partly from a factious anxiety to render alliance with our Government and a foreshadowing of all their songs. Aunt Belinda singing,The amendments consist in striking out the whole case of a subsisting struggle between two rival fac- lard of Virginia—it was, we think, some time mer—and he immediately falls into raptures. risk of being crushed by it. There is more thanbilland substitutingan authorityto theCorpora* tions,wearetotreateachasrightfollydominantover duringthelastdog-days—welefthimweepingover What a "handsome hearse"! "Fringed with one Pugataheff among theserfs; the memoryOf-lion, in defiance of the City Charter, which re- the region which owns its sway, or 'we may wait -the tomb of his black mamma—his mamma No. 2— "sable, and preceded by the band of tile com- that famous Russian Spartacus has not been oblit- jquires that Ferry leases shall be made at auctionuntil one or the other shall have gained the mastery. for Mr. Pollard's mamma No. 1—his original, con- "pany, playing funeral marches, while, foliow- erated. Recently, while traveling in LittleSouthern statesmen, or, more accurately speaking,teered to assist the Japanese officers in making the called to pass upon Treaties recently negotiated " Diamonds"—the jewels thus designated being by Southern Members of Congress, we have a right In whose hands is it ? Will some one inform us ?voyage; The excitement relative to the Washoe mines .continued, and the emigration thither de-party in Mexico, and has rejected them both. It is understood that nearly all of the Republican Sena-FROM WASHINGTON.and SILVXR-PLATRD WARX.Onr assortment la onequaled in the City of New-York, and our creased none. The news from Washington and tors voted in the negative On each. Thereupon that like Ulysses, he " has wandered from his nativeMR. LOVEJOY'S POWERFUL SPEECH.prio**axemarkeddown toarate that must CojrviSfcx A LI.thatitistotheirinteresttomaketheirpurchaseshornas. Goons FRXXJLY SHOWS, .Oregon, British Columbia, and the Sandwich Islands,isunimportant." soil to other parts of the world;" that he has seenchampion of thosetreaties, especiallythe Mexican- "English colliers," and "costermongers," and in defense of chattel slavery. At the best, it ad-and no oneP x x s e x n TO BJTT.WASHINGTON, April6,1860.Mr. Lovrjoy's fiery speech, which created «ach asensationinitsdeliveryyesterday, is an excellentChinese " coolies," and "Siamese slaves;" and N.B*~Alotofsecond"handCuAxnxuxRf,atverylowpricea. The stearrer Niagara, which reached Halifax "IntheSenate,theRepublicanleadershavecontented them- tlat he found the7 sight upon his returnmits only of charitable extenuations.must be urged, to secure the respectful attention ofW. J. F . DArLxx Sc. Co , No. 631 Broadway.ROGERS & RAYMOND would call especial atten- tiontotheirlargeassortmentofSTMIXQ OTXR GARRXSTS, XirVRRNRKA C.VJ»K<<,P Aurror»,SACKS, Sec.,In Cteth, Caasimere, of various styles. Melton Cloth, Amour Coatings, tec., which, ibr ta»t«» and beauty, cannot be surpassedIn the oity.Nos. 121,128and125Fulton-*t.,cornerofNassau, And No. 214 Broadway, opposite St. Paul's Church.P E R R Y ' S J A P A N E S EBOOT'- Ajm -SHOX FOI-IMH.Splendid gloss, lio rubbing. Soils nothing.Sold everywhere. JAI*A.VB*S POLIHK Co.,"• * No. 447 Broome^t., one door west of Broadway.T H E W O N D E R or Tin: A G E .Every one who has used Dr. TOSIAS'S VxxXTiAy HORSX LI.VI-early on Saturday morning, brings three days laterforeign intelligence, her dates being to the 24th ult.selves^with defeattog all the Important treatiea with loreign Pow-wounded.and a number of arrests had' been made in Pesth.The agitation in Hungary continued,his affection. In his initial chapter, he informs us,Tlie N. Y. Times—which has been a thick-and-thin s a y s : — •••"•.••speech to circulate. It presents a view of the pecu- era submitted to .their action; "" The treaty with Nicaragua—ne- to his home, of an "unadulterated negro," mankind, with some degree of skill; and the spec- liar inttitution and its supporters much needed forgotiated with a good deal pf difficulty, and calculated to protect in the highest degree "refreshing." It American interests on the>Isthmus,as well astopromotethetacle of Mr. Edward PoUard "making a little allinquiringminds. MexicanTreatynasexperiencedthesamefate—thoughthereisa TheSlaverymenhaveboldlychallenged the dis-chance that their action upon this may 3et be reconsidered. But caricatured by Mrs. Beecher Stowe and by other tainly affords but a slight argument in favor of re- cussion of the great opprobrium on its merits. The in neither of theee cases has any good reason been offered for thefrom Liverpool, and from Queenstown the day peace and proBperity^.of both countries—was rejected. The hurthis sensitive nature, that negroes should be "monument over the grave of his mammy" cer-following. •The Sardinian troops had commencedthe evacuation of Savoy, and the French troops,action of the Republican Senatpwlnor have we any information artists. Prompted by affection, Mr, Pollard deter- opening the African Slave-Trade. relations with these States conducted."slaveholders audaciously declare that Slavery is agood thing, Charles O'Conor.sajs so. The New-York Herald says so. The Democratic party areretTirning from Lombardy, were expected to arrive ax to the principles or the pofioy on which they would have our mined to conscientiously draw his humble friends;in that province on the 25th of March. Russia,Prussia, and Austria, in their replies to France, caBe: The Senate considers treaties in secret ses- '•Black Diamonds." In this enterpriseMr. Pollard—Just consider, for one moment, the facts in the and the result of his pious fidelity is this book of concerning the annexation, had declared in sub- sion, and no reports of its debates in such session was aided and encouraged by a mysterious MemberRUSSIA.stance that thay had no right to interfere. The annexation, it seems, is to be consummated withoutThe news from Russia throws a gloomy shade very generally beginning to say so. The time, there-fore, hn* fully come when a faithful and thoroughupon the hopes hitherto evoked by the career of exposition of Slavery is demanded. It is no longeraie ever published. The Democratic majority of of Congress, whose name is not given, but who Alexander II. It would seem that he, also, cannot out of place. We cannot meet our political oppo-the Senate could easily have remoyed the injunction agreed beforehand to buy, and, we hope, to pay for,taking the votes of ..the people, as was done in the of secreBy from these debates; but it has not seen one hundred copies of Mr. Pollard's book; being unnatural and pernicious bight where he is placed,Italian provinces just annexed to Piedmont. Ademonstration had taken place at Borne in honor offit to do so. Even the Treaties themselves have not been legitimately given to the public; thoughpersuaded that by so doing he weuld crush Mr.ness for many years. But the hostility to their agita- tions and discussions in the North has always been placed upon the ground that everybody knew and admitted that Slavery was a vast evil and that the fact could be made no more plain by harrassing and inflammatory discuwiions- and ex- positions. But all this is changed. The country is now called to a consideration of Slavery on itshis mind succumbs to giddiness and exhaustion. Some weeks ago we announced the death of Gen. Rostoffzoff, the friend of Alexander II., the soul reptitkusJy and most disreputably printed. Au- The proprietors of THE TRIBUNE were of the scheme for the emancipation of the peas- thentically, we only know that such Treaties have not invited by Mr. Pollard to subscribe, antry, and the President of the Committee chargedThe House wi'l to-day consider the refusal of The Times complains that no "good reason hasCollector Schell to furnish a list of the subscribers "been offered for the action of the Republican 1 is the "unadulterated negro," the animal who most nearly surrounding their master. The ene-with UB at a few of Mr. Pollard's portraits? No. noxious, honest, independent mind from the circle ; to the above. J. H. BRAPXTORY has much pleasure in in this City to the Democratic Campaign Fund " Senators,(nor have we any information as to the welcomed the wandering Pollard. " H e looked," mies of Emancipation drew their breath more freely1. k. M. T. LXTTTT, No. 81 Minories,London.ifriends and the public that be will continue to sur.- whereby Pennsylvania was carried for Buchanan " principles or policy on which they would have says Edward, "like home." " I could," says Ed- as the man of clear convictions and strong will Pjy.the same styles and description* of W A TCRXS and W A TOH-MovxwjexT*. which have hitherto riven such unqoaliSed satis- at the State Election of 1856. The topic is one of " our relatioBS with these States conducted." Of ward, " have embraced him." " My face," says breathed his last. The friends of Emancipationfeetioti, at the same office. No. 19 Maiden-l me, and invites an in- grave interest; the power of inquisition assumed course not. Suppose, then, you urge the Demo-spection of Ms stock, wMch comprises the newest styles, in va- Edward, " was a-glow." " My eyelids," says Ed- ^were staggered at the blow, but they found consola-xioos qnafitte., aii offered at the lowest market rates and on the by the House—should it vote to sustain its Com- cratic majority of the Senate to remove the seal of ward, "were touched with tears." " H e re- tion in the idea that the movement was far ad- Mat tetnu. j . H . BxAnBrRY, Ko. 19 Maidea-lane.Kew-York, April2, Ittfcvanced, aid that the Czar would fill the vacancy ^ K E R O S E N E and all approved brands of COAL- not yet discerned the Committee's limitations of ties, and let us see what " reasons" the Republi- " when I wandered with my sable playmates over with some other man as devoted and enlightened as Ctaa, foreign and domeatio; aho, P ARA VTISR CAR»IJC», for sale that power, if limitations there be. cani assign for their course, and on what " princi- " the warm, wide hills of my sweet home, fishing the deceased. But the powers of darkness, them •W tl a t « S f i S S 5 ^ 2 ? l ' T " ^ *T t»« Profession^JgA&Ttxs ABOUT REMITTING THEIR HOUSES,. . . . , ^ " > TUX *OBXJC I, ».\JBKAI.r.T.ft* Invited to examine our newand extenaive Spriar B*oekof , FRXKCR CRXXADijiarxR,TXA,«dTOIJUXTfexriu t>JO»*WA*», f t x v s x and FLATXB WARE,• AUxROxa, BROSJXS and VAXCY GOOD*.... • CHAR»XUKR« n d GAS F>XTVRX»,mittee—is almost unfounded. At least, we have secresy from everything pertaining to these Trea- " minded me," says Edward,' "of days gone by,HORATIO EAMIJI. Agent.. No. Z54 Canal-st.,Near Broadway."STODART PIANOS."To-day's debate may shed new light on the sub- p l e s " they would have our,foreign relations con- " with a crooked pin!" What a pleasing piscato- fatal traditionary influences of the Court, made aducted.The two Treaties in question, in certain of theirwell-understood provisions, stand out in flagrantinto the expenditure of money by Republicans in could not fail tointerpret the Treaty as authorizing There is nothing more to say,;0 {ings of Slavery, in its various aspects and pretenses, ,;We have also lately had. a rumor, partially as can wellbeerowded into an hour's speech* And•rHW'VHelper's obnoxious treatise, and, possibly, dissolvebeen negotiated; but as to their provisions, good,bad, and indifferent, we are left entirely in the had been asked; but having procured a copydark, all power over them being in Democratic of the Second Edition of the work, we are dis- all over Russia. The courtiers, as they do always merits. The North is invoked to the support ofject—may develop facts and principles proving ourview of the case utterly mistaken and untenabl eIf not, we do not believe the House will sustain it.Committee, because it ought not to do so. Even antagonism to the policy of Washington. Tha "crooked pins ?" - word, and an avaricious owner of 18,000 serfs, is present limits, such speeches as Mr. Lovejoy's far*rial picture I But 'tis after all deficient. What did young Edward catch " with the crooked pin ??' and' what did the " Bahle playmateB " catch with theirspeeches as Mr. Lovejoy's, to stand us reasons whyif it were in proof that the money in question were with Nicaragua authorizes our Government to send No. 2 is Edward's " Aunt Debby." He meets named as the successor of the lamented Rostoffzoff. nish tho ready answer. For all who desire to be in- formed what Slavery is, and what is the answer to used corruptly, we do not see that this would en- troops into that country, and defend the Transit her; he shakes hands with her. She wears " a The capital and the nation were thunderstruck. the various sophisms by which it is defended, :Mr.1title the House to wrench from Mr. Schell the lis , Route against all disturbers. Of course, this could "barvdanna;" also, "awhite apron." She is " a Even the opponents of Emancipation had not ex- Lovejoy's speech tolls the story. And it does it incf subscribers, unless it were further proved that hardly fail to involve us in any future oonfusion o "great character." Her "religious element" is pected so much. The moderate oligarchs had such a graphic and emphatic wav that nobody can, At South Keac and two of his i toury), by Henry celebrating a wi 5They became n^ Ktarted for the pol ^hereupon heA fire last Thi Guiles above Mav« $50,000-linsunaicO The Clevelandin consequence «>1 Saanier. Theicfail of comprehending the subject Of course, anhour's speech cannot exhaust the question, or give should be. Until some complicity in wrong-doing belligerents parties is almost certain to trouble the with " ground-peas," and he cries again. She Strogonoff, a kind of enlightened, liberal, honest the statistics in the 'case. It takes a book to doOwe stock has neverbeen.more complete ox attractive than at they knew it was to be so used and intended it that anarchical State, since one or the other of the very strong. She presents Mr. Edward Pollard wished to seethe Presidency given to Count Sergius "feax^a^a**Cox. of Broadway and Broome-st. on the part of those subscribers shall have been Transit. TJie. Times, indeed, argues that the Treaty is old, and almost ready for one of Mr. Pollard's tory—an admirer of the English Constitution— that. This fuller exposition can be found in Mr.DR. MARSH con fames to apply his RADICAL established, we hold that the House has no right to wisely gives us a right thus to protect the Transit, comfortable grave-stones. Mr. Pollard floors Mr above all, of the House of Lords, and, of late, in- Helper of North Carolina. But Mr. Lovejoy, beingXVKB Twom w*fc success, fa atfecttog permanent oure. of Her- their names. < imposing on us no corresponding duty. But even Lloyd Garrison and Mr. Wendell Phillips by the trusted with the tutorship of the son and heir of a very full man tipon this topic, has managed toi Ladies waked upon by % female in private TxoMM of awwjr kind for permanent re- Bathing Trmwaa. fapporf^JShadldn.The Satanic pretense that we dread an inquiry if this be so, a President, intent on intermeddling /act that" Aunt Debby" is " happy and contented." the Imperial Crowns";produce as many daguerreotypes and crayon draw-Untitled DocumentAfrican's claims to attention are founded upon thefact that many years ago he sold " surreptitiously" above all, of Emancipation. With this generaliSI to young Edward '" little noggins of muddy cider," foreign and domestic policy the Prince rose mto ^ancy here. We had supposed that the original the German element, that eternal foe of the normal * "nuss " was dead, from the fact that in his earlier development of Russia, will preponderate. This. •lementisretrograde,servile,hostiletoanyirmo*the principal agent of the libertioide Russian policy'. some recondite difference between " a nuss" and of the last fifty j ears. The advent of Baron Bud-not well informed in these matters. There may beberg would signify a close alliance with Prussia «r Now, we did not aver that " the Government Edward. We should not wonder. Belinda the and Germany, a better understanding with Austria" with which we had negotiated was certain to" be overthrown " at this stage of the controversy.Our point was, that this Treaty, its stipulations and " en, when shall I see ? When shall I ever get Paris, subserviency to German interests, theerea-Blithe is a musical "diamond" of a religious turn, who is always singing " Oh, Heaven, sweet Heav-in case of any continental emergency, the abandon- ment of the policy followed since the last treaty ofr <must notice a remarkable peculiarity of the Pollard'"diamonds." Theyallseemtobemightilyenam-astic desire tohave one ofMr. Pollard's monuments;flight,fallintothen.ire. Hisuncle,AlexanderL,r5started as a reformer, bat ended as a hypochondri- achal, bigoted, mystical absolutist. His father, Nicholas, after a brief effort, became nothing but the absolutist gendarme of bis country, and of Europe. Alexander II. is unfortunate in his surroundings. The companions of his youth are all ciphers, men of mean, inferior minds. The recent change in his policy is the result of debility and fatigue. The influence of Prince Baryiatyn*?ki, the conqueror and pacificator of ihe Caucasus, for whom Alexander cherishes an almost fraternal affection, may also have had a baneful effect in the Imperial councils. Baryiatyneki is an absolutist, an admirer of the Austrianoligarchicpoliticalsystem;hewasalwaysa stranger to modern conceptions and aspira-•*' ticne, and an enemy of reform. His career for more than twenty years in the Caucasus, where he wieldedwith success absolute military power, was not cil* culated to make him a friend of liberal measures. But the end is not yet. We predict with the ut-most confidence that neither Alexander n . nor hi*'*' German and oligarchic friends and advisers will prove able to arrest the great movement of emanci- pationandreform. Onthecontrary,theyrunthedancing, singing "Aunties" and " Uncles" are in a prodigious hurry to get to Heaven! 'Tis the burdenBut theseescape the common fate of autocrats, and on the nents in any effective manner without doing this. The abolitionists proper have been about this busi-Slaveryasagoodthing,andamostproporcondition for a large portion of mankind. It is incumbent* therefore, upon those who oppose the spread of the nuisance to meet tho challenge promptly and fully. And no man can now say that the discussion of the Slavery question down to its very bottom, in Congress or out, is superfluous. It is strictly in order; and. indeed, it is about the only question in our politics that is in order. If we are called upon to let Slav- ery go unmolested into the Territories on the grows! that it is a beneficent institution, we must begin and continue to show up its detestablo character If we cannot succeed in establishing that, we have no ground upon which'to stand in opposing its spread.We want, therefore, an indefinite number of suchsupreme effort, and succeeded. Count Panin, anold, stiff, proud, narrow-minded, imperious, des- we oppose the spread of Slavery. For all who wis > potic, conceited oligarch, in the fullest sense of the to know why we insist upon keeping it within its•' '•':.••,•*$i#ii'it.ir yix^kfa %%(?£*'$£$ '•('St.-v.- www.fultonhistory.com 