 sot c e r t s *bars andinsertothers. •All motions to strikeHE?closely watched tbe awMaMMtloai sadobsarvsd the ma-noeuvres of the leaders of tbe democratic party In NewHampshire for ta* past twenty five ywrn, tbs osaas sf tb* ciently pass!it to be acceptable to politicians, and not change is apparent, sad ths revolution Itself no mystery. positive enough to be distasteful to the people.•^a-aaasssasi BOTH^W^^^p*IP"F10I THE 8UTC CaHIiLOnr Bpcela.1 Alfesmy Despatt Is. AiAura, March 7, I860.The morning session of the Bouse was taken up con atoermg lb* Toiling bill, which was the special order for today. The discusshwia wars mostly open motions to•trtketwees the frtiass of dmaraat roads.out particular roads wars lost, and the Ogdeesburg andWhitehall roads ware included a the prorsnonj of tat* am. also tfce rsnsaiMwJiia sad Hmlre Railroad.Mr. Confer moved that the provisions of the bill be ex ciuoed from ail rasas that a pro rata bill had been or should hereafter be applied Is.L'poa the heels of thai motion a motion was made to and ask leave to sitwhich was carried.Mr. Alkn, of cMBOo, then moved that tbe report of lbscomantues bo datngreed with.Whereupon Mr Cooper moved to adjourn, whichcarried, against th* wwhes of the friends of tolling rail-There was no session of the Bou»e this evening, the point of attraction being in awl about the Senate, where ta* city railroad war commenced in earnest this morning by a regular thondnr storm of railroad bills, mixed with hail and alee*.The Beasts wi Law s Stsatortalpledged to pay the interestefthectty. (XtSTaMsaumwisraawi part hjs Buij asjajsJaMss fcwasas a oawg*sstijecttos to the M , then, wss that this by*,w1 saawawawatw r^nsitnT**&-*?"** **»• ii as T C BMB>« f^a* iL^* sasswa of lbs sss ssbsS swswssWdC SBSSS* i ^*2^^?-5*T*^ OTI^Wwiw^fi^vww aaowa tadanvooswrityranny r Wbo aeeds aTffmimV ^of rebessan the people hare boaA Walsh Cyrus Curt*, Daniel Van Dusen and Louis N. i.k>v«?r. to construct a railroad, commencing at West Thirty first street and EJeventh avenue, down Heventh aveupie to Twenty third street, through Twenty third M, —i to avenue A, through avenues A and D to Houston htreet, and thence bv a meaadertnj; course to the Citya majority of the Senate. one cent The interests of the people of Brooklyn and of sought to weaken and destroy it in order to effectually The Senate transacted a large ansount of business this New York, and of the property owners and masses at get rid of the rebellious element which was daily growing morning. A number of bills were passed finally by that large, were Identical; and that was, that the ferries should more powerful, and threatening the overthrow of theirto do but to confirm this arrangement, which that body will be sure to do.James Smith, to construct a railroad from Weehawken ferry, on North river, by a zigzag course to Fulton ferry,In 1849 the long ferry and two short one* were leased for ten years by a company having a capital of $150,000. They built nine boats during their term. They increasedas such, laid his plans to seize Italy; but be was ade- quately met by the Pontifl, wbo was certainly not theRegretful as we are to see the great Douglas made te walk tbe plank so mercilessly, our regrets are tempered in some measure, by tbe reflection that the victory te beK*M rl .-orthe roads to pay a given sum in lieu of all tolls, and auis way to tbe nty Hall Park, meandering through the cross Mreets to Fulton ferry.Legislature. capital hai been paid back, with interest; so that they Dr. Bellows made an able address to day before the doubled their money in three years. During the fivetween France and Germany to see which shall possess Italy, aad which attain the power to make the Pope hi some measure their creature, in order to consolidate their em- pires, and perfect the despotism theyseek t* fasten upon the world. The ropes have always been found on the side ef liberty. Protestant and Infidel writers—even Gibbonridge than nnder to* Illinois Giant Our fears hare always been, that he would be tbe captain whom the democratic hosts would select to lead them to battle, aad as tbe only man wbo could by any possible chance givs them the victory, but we are happy to find them so seed- less, and also to find our opponents so determined apesbond of at least f 100,000, and it shall bo the duty of the Comptroller to advertise and sell the same at public auc Don within thirty days, to the highest bidderThe Senate ordered the general appropriation bill forbeing oniy $*C0—thus their profits being at the rate of 160Pope, dated Feb. 15, 1797. in which the surrender of theRomagna and other provinces was demanded. Pope PlusVI did relinquish them, and in a short time he became adoned for an honest enunciation of principles and a fear- prisoner. Napoleon took him by force into France where will be able to rout the democracy horse, foot and dra-bill, which authorize* the following persons—Wm H.Hays, Edward 8. St John, Jacob Hays, James 8. Hunt,W. Tompkins, Jr , Wm. Higjrins.Andrew B Badges, Wm.I umby, Benjamin it. Stillwell, Thoma* H Tower, Frede-rick T Ban, William H Genr, Henry R. Low, Wil- stood 8 tola.vented capital from being invested, and the population t rom coming there.Alderman Backhaul, Senator Spinoia and Alderman Dayton, were heard on the same side, when the Committee adjourned to four o'clock to morrow. Mr. Tremain and Mr. Evarts will then be beard.TELEGRAPHIC.ALHASY, March 7, I860.constitutional grounds, regardless of the puling senti- cause he would not sacrifice himself and become a tool of:am P Buckmaeter, Lewis A Conn, A. F Robins, Wil bam B Smith, James Murphy, Joseph S. Craig, Richard F. Wtnaor, Jacob Russell, John & Babcock, Berkley B. Hotchkiss, R Schu>tort Hewitt, Wilham Revesieyn, John PetigrewjjRichard Francbet, John Thompson, Nathaniel Harnett, Thomas W. Dixon, Kdwnrd K. Kendrick, Robert Marshall. John Marshall, John Berry—to construct a mi road in all the avenues, lanes, byways and streetsboned in the bills reported by the House Committee. It, in fact, * tbe hidden nut in the movement of the Senate Committee this morning.Mr- Sxsaoxs made a majority report on the bill to col- lect tolls on certain railroads in New York, viz—Now York Central, New York and Erie, 'Northern, Troy and Whitehall, Syracuse and Blnghamton, Cayuga and Susque-ana, Troy and Saratoga, Saratoga and Whitehall, 3neeee Valley. Buffalo and Corning, Syracuse and CM- wego, Rome and Watertown, and Caoandajgua sadFJmira.Tbe bill provides that the amount may be paid in gross,ss follows:—New York Central, $500,000; New York aad Krie, $240,000; Buffalo and Erie, $15,000; Oswego sad Syracuse, $7,700; Northern, $6,000; Rensellaer and Sana- toga, $4,000; Saratoga and Whitehall, $2,000; Syracuse and Binghamton, $800; Watertown and Rome, $4,000, Cayuga and Susquehanna, $1,300; Rochester aad Genesee Valley, $700; Jefferson and Canancaigua, $7,000.subject. The Bishop quoted s letter of Napoleon, to 1806, to tbe Pope, saying Italy must be subject to him (Napo- leon) in temporal as he wss to the Pope in spiritual mat ters. The Pope was maoe an exits and s prisoner for re- fusing. Years afterwards Pius VII excommunicated Na-carry out their designs If they are defeatedTbe country is now forewarned. l e t it put on the arwarfarebethe cityof laying tracks an the ott he wans* to know if4. Actaertzrn H Blackstooe Ira Campbell, NathanielCurrier, William E. Northern, Isaac Walton, Franklin a ol a sanitary code for Brooklyn and New York. Alien and Onn II Rogers, to construct a railroad, com-mencing at Central Park, at the beat! of tieventh avenue,dona that avenue to Broadway, down Broadway to Unionplace, thence through the streets parallel to Broadway tohim at Charlestonwould not exceed $300 per day, leaving an ample party, shall have been completely swallowed up in the i>retit But now there were three companies con- black maelstrom of Know Nothing republican aboli-and Voltaire—concede thai to them, Italy, Europe owes self-destruction. It is now evident that their time has its light and life. As to their sovereignty, Gibbon re come to go out of power, and we may hope forever aadto» Astor House.5 We have the ramous Hospital bill, whichSJ* s t a t e .ALBA.TT, March 7,18i>0.Tbe record of Mr. Breckenridge wss chiefly a negative one, until be undertook, in an unfortunate moment for his own prospects, to make that speech of his at Frankfsrt,Not one of the bills were reported favorably, but»unpiy for the consideration o' the Senate.A portion of the committee desired to report certain billsbat could not get the consent of all the committee to thatproposals*. Tbe only way that they could get the con-sent of all the committee was by simply reporting for theconsideration of the Senate of all the bills that the committee had before them. Tbe movement and the oonoentra-Uen of the powers behind the throne m upon the lastearned bill, which Is a movement of those controlling theSixth and Eighth avenue roads to get control of the new the table and ordered to be printed.main for the people, and Mr. Evarts on behalf of the monopolies.The Committee on Commerce and Navigation heldand teach tbe democratic masses of the North s lesson by which they may profit for all time to come.COM-OSD, N H., March 3, 1860.sneertngly remarked, "Do you think it will make the muskets drop from the hands of my soldiers'"" Yet It was but s little time till that very thing took place at Moscow. Following close thereon Napoleon wss hurled from his throne, and Pms VII afterwards consoled him to hatopens, the two great parties will be to tbe field under their regularly appointed leaders, and tb* result will be a triumph of the united opposition ticketTbe determination of tbe disunionist democratic leaders, to rally under Breckenridge and Seymour, and to farce the Charleston Convention into their nomination, tnatrmtoa aa acknowledged defeat beforehand; snd their choice of these men is in part to punish the other ssparsato for re oussney and hypocrisy, while they are preparing to carry out their treasonable designs against the Union. Bat tbey will fail in this as well as in the election aa the result wikroads.Here let me call the attention of all to the list of namesFrench gentry and nobility stand aloof from him. Tbeysay that Italy is badly governed, but bow do they proveit? The cry of "mad dog" is raised, snd every one joinsin the chorus. Italy has always been tbe battle field ofEurope, and the wonder is how it can be as prosperousand happy as it actually is. In 1847 the debt of tbe Papal tion of the Territory, as taken by the Assessors duriag States was only $357,000, and the people were the least the last year. This is an extract—cations formed are assuming many curious positions, itlooks a little to-day as though "Live Oak ' had outflgueredWeed and bis followers in the Senate. They have madetbe Combination bill the order for this evening's session, mittee from further consideration of the bill, and that It when we snail be able to tell what Senators have gone be ordered to a third reading, the final vote to be taken at into the caucus combination, taking them from a public hair past eleven o'clock to-morrow, without delay, debate view. It, however, is not necessary to wait for that, for or amendmentNollmann, that the charge is unfounded, notwithstanding in the mire of defeat. Poor Pierce has a mouthpiece in his arrest The two sailers mentioned have sent us a com-the secret is oat, notwithstanding the double and twisted After several futile efforts to drivo off this motion it was oaths administered at the Delevan caucus to keep things carried by the following vote;—secret. The wails have told the story for them, and thelobby Is to-day echoing and re echoing to the private Arss—Messrs. Blood. Fiero, Grant, Hammond, Kelly, agreements and understandings which presents one of the Ketcham. Lapbani, Lawrence, McGraw, Munroe, Ramsey,mann from the charge. ag the inactivity in the democratic ranks, and manitestsno disposition to rouse the rank and file to a sense of their ARKssre, &c, Iosi EVKXISG.—Detective Eustace sr danger and dutyrested the well known prize lighter, James Kelly, better known, however, as Australian Kelly, at his place of resi- dence in Eighth avenue, near Thirty seventh street. Kel- ly, it will be remembered, was Indicted by the Grand Jury of Erie county for misdemeanor, by engaging in a prize fight with Price about fix months ago. Morrisseywriters that there are in proportion more pupils in attend- ance upon the schools of Italy than in those of England- one in six of the former, and one in nine in. England and Wales. In proportion to population there are more universities in Italy than to any otherRichmond, Robertson, Botch, Sessions, Spinoia, Truman aad blankest pictures of the Senate that has ever been known Warner-18.If, therefore, the democracy succeed in making a re-spectable show on the 13th' of this month—as I believe country of the world, and these places of learning Washington.. they will—it will be attributable to a spontaneous upris are not supported by a burthensome tax In the Wyandoting of the bone and sinew of the State in opposition to the Uiiivei sities the tuition is free from the lowest to the high Woodson narrow sectional policy of the republicans, and not to any est grade. Why tben is It said that the Papal States areenorta on the part of those who style themselves leaders badij governed* The prejudiced answer may be that "it Totalof nay body Look out tor breakers! > tra—Messrs. Bell, Culver. Connolly, Perry, Gardiner, Written snanmaatraiiosis are being handed by the doaen Goes, Puibouse. Mannierre, Montgomery, J. McLeod Murphyand Prauer—IXto the iwamiiis by the parties' interested, pretending to This bill upsets the bills sgreed|on in the committee ofgive the secret movements of their opponents and a sly the Assembly, which were carefully arranged as to cor- puiTof their lines. Some of these written sketches give wratore. It is understood that twenty votes can be se-69,960Messrs Pre*«er Flero,P. PHis oblost, eras the « keep tbeas tbe bill, byHethe income of the franchises, the franchises themselves, cvrlosdy to •*» wast the<msm mm New HampshireA. P. Hughes was rwn o/ the Democratic forty in Aem Bngiand, «tc ttc acted with tbe demoby to*. Mary.^ f S jStealer Gardtoer saM that he never Defer* saw a bll reported st os* o'clock, printed and on the files sf the Senate at seven.a whig, but bat recently is a man of "Mas MasI severalof tbe ManierreFor the last q uarter of s century tb* politic a! affairs of Concerning the question of a dissolution of the Dukm inthe democratic party sad the State bars bean managed theeventof the election of a republican President, 1 be- prbamsta. Then the "riff raff^aadas it».prepared to rote- uiatby one Ilax of seventy dollars; yet, aotwithstandiag this, the caucus i voted straight ahead to give the whole thing to aleadingofened awsy,fesTfuMhsTui*aawsa%ssf n>band of specslators.sjowatorHssamond wanted to know what right the citybad to these franchises? He should vote for th* bill just,by a secret oebel-* sort of star chamber, having their headquarters st Concord, whore they not oaly gave direc- tion to tbe party, but fixed th* status of each snd every aspirant, sad woe be to tbe unfortunate wight who bad the temerity to rebel against tb* supremelieve that there is but one opinion among the people of New Hampshire, and that is in favor of preserving the in- tegrity of the Union at all hazards and at any cost Ware the question presented hi another form or upon s differ ent issue, I believe s majority of tb* republican party would be la favor of a dissolution; bat If they succeed inGaribaldi entered sad Uquoted s member of themade a statement from petject, going to show that t h e .was overthrown against the wUlaf the i allowed to participate hi tb* matesPresident of the Susquehanna Railroad.This brought Senator Ramsay to bis (bet It bit himtoo doss.The inevitable result of tbe Legateture' « - ^ H » $ u » j J junta. At tbe head of this BUT chamber wasthis kind would be the destruction of the proms of tbo Franklin Pierce, and to its secret and inquisitorial rrsaehists,sndUtoeiiasarr»ie/bu^tion. and will fight, if necessary, to maintain him to pow- sury and anticipated taxes followed, the premwrnsssav er. The democrats scout the Idea of s daaoiutios of lbs zled, and the whole sebeme carried out throngs nsdsaaa- Union in any event, sad especially to the ev«nt of a re- tese influence. Sixty five French bisbsos in a r*wm *Senator Gardiner said that this ta the game that he had expected.i m rTOBKHBRALD, THUB8DAT,8, 18uW.-TRlPLBOmr CfcgasstwiCniisstawhslssifb* sSat.1Ooirooan,N. H,March4, tbsN support his*/0w JTsst therefore, tofor be has uttle to expect outsideSenatorBptoolathoughttheentirepressofthecrtyof city government of Brsoalya tad m say to New York ware m favor of baa) just n*e In* os* before justification of Us Interference with ^ £ R f a V w a * kaUnspraseatMayorofManchester,Uu.hardestktodofa largely in tbe ntfwadait In the State of New Bamp- hard, and distinguished himself « l t t » *my f , J « a ashire In that year, however, they wars badly beaten in Browns execution by droppmg «««P»»* "tb* popular rots, sad from that thaw to lbs present they bell ringers Uirough the church bsifry te - fUpr*s*atationiToftbe Mayor in the sot ofhave not been able to retrieve their fallen fortunes At "drop game," together wtth the . present they are demoralised sad disheartened, without "dropped." ornament tbe walls of severa!places in the State. B. 8. Webster goes toth* Sera*P. P. Murphy said that be saw, ln_tbeaaJscdsMMsTsS j tesHM M TSSHWpower behind the throneHe characterised It as a groat"saMef the _the bill, and wanted to sat itdents It was concede* on the other side that H r i whad a very substantial vested right • snsn* ^ t a e s e tsr-nes, and thai so far as legislation *ter£red wtth thefranchises, it interfered with such vested ngsts. rasTMsrgwmeatonth*partof »^T«iJ«*b *^**I_I—Th*- .k, ,—. ~viL. rd th* TMiahUure. either as regi the just policy of tbe Legislator*courses, spirit or enthusiasm, sad almost without hope.To on* not familiar wtth tbo political history sf tb* tittle is known, beyond the fact that he has alwaysaf of the Granto* treasury bad bebctoaled and the whole insurrection caused by I»«rtfue » d connivance. The British Matisteral Oassaaa tincpleand tbe Marquis of Normandy were quoted hi teatPrince Napoteoa. who during the tote war a corps d'armet which marched through Tas- UVU tel° "•*••*. **°»g toe borders of to* Papalnr £ £ £ ? °? * **** *•*• * MM* * * • • atoandaaaaos of Bologna. It was not till tben that say disturbs*** sc- Ted there. From Ids camp arms aad maattioas af <a , s e * jBell opposed th* MB It through without |tisensof Now York of Now York onegates from this State faithfullyHefor by thatferriage, they were asked ato«^to P ^ ^ ^ * " ^ ' may seem somewhat mysterious, but to those who have eats, tbey will not support a Southern tion on "just term*" This confutation, he claimed,should be'fixed anddefused. ^Jftk^ttaUga- tureneverhadbeentointerferewith ^"«^**«1 and out of the one hundred or two hundred ferry franchises la tbe Stast, be oaly knew sf on* iMtancetn whlc interference had occurred. Tb* more they cue ferriage, the more ttayebeafaaed human 1Mb aaded human security, &r poor boats aad bsd_would result from nou paying ferries. Ths n*Ma«_nam*B&aX^atftfUJRS Z$2£ BwasMRrsiSfiSBasbill,The Senate Committee on Cities and Villages made areport this morning on all the bills lor city railroads thatbave been introduced In that body, even these that were *R P. Murphy declared it a system of wholesale legisla t.mes, the ferriage had been a matter of legislative regu- dent In the dispensation of the patronage of bis office, introduced last evening. Th* Is rushing the matter with tion and a disgrace to the State. lation. The counsel on tbe other aide claimed to protect the newly electee chief magistrate of the nation sought to a vengeance, and puts in the shade all railroad movements Senator Hammond also favored the gauging move of the SickiEg Fund of the city of New York. He could find increase the poser of the Coneord Star Chamber and hisSenator Lawrence followed the lead of Spinoia.Spinoia. uo !aw devoting these ferry franchises, in any form, to the own influence, by a systematic proscription of every [a the Assembly, and may well force us to ask what has A division of the question was taken and the motion to payment or sny public debt New York never bad democrat in tbe State whose influence seemed likely to broke loose * It is, however, only a forced march of the order the bill to a third reading waa carried. Yeas, 18, derived anythicg from the franchises but from her contlictwlthortsovershadowhisown; and in this mannerand the million joining in tbe "cry of mad dog'" raised against them.that the Pope, the preserver of civilization. the protector of woman against tb* tyranny of man, the patron aad protector of the arts, sciences, Ace, may gloriously come out of the struggle in which he is now involved by baa enemies.nays, 12. slips and docks, and he doubted not that if the rate A motion to adjourn was then lost—yeas, 10; nays, 20. oi ferriage were reduced to one cent, the city would Another division of the subject wss taken, and the bill receive the same amount ss at present Mr. Gil-the first seeds of dissension were sown, the bitter harvestof which the democracy have been gathering for the pastsix years. To franklin Pierce, therefore, more than toany other man, is the present demoralized conditionof the democratic party in this State to be attributed.Tbe rotten cujnue to which he belonged, and of been solemnized by God in all times—that at the presentopponents of those bills repotted by the House committee,ai order that they can reach the oitadel first. In this<-*»e, however, the committee have not repotted favora-ble on any bills, but simply offered the whole batch forthe consideration of the rienate. This Is quite a triumphfor Law and his friends, who Lave been holding nightly• aacoses, plotting and swearing vengeance upon those the State Senate. Senator Gardiner said the Albany and regulation, on the ground that it would promote the pub- Uuu were suooefwful before the House committee. Susquehanna seems to have its nose in everything, and I lic good The population, and consequently the iraillc,The following are tbe bills that have been brought out febouid not be miri rised to see the bottom of their mea- hao of late years largely increased, ana, amongthose who by the $V»aate Committee — sure knocked out. Send up the Board of Aldermen to knew anything of the matter, there was not the slightestReaching bis subject, he cited the popular objection to the Pope being chief of religion and sovereign of the Pa- pal States at the same time. Those who urge this objec- tion seem to forget that this combination has existed andwas made the special order lot to-morrow by yeas, 19, t)*rt proceeded to afcow that the ferries had alreadynays, 11.It wss also decided that the final vote should be takenpaid very largo dividends when run at the rate of one cent; and he ci'ied the various charters to prove that the legislature bad at different times regulated the rate ofwithout debate—yeas 16, nays 13Never has there an incident of the kind happened in ferriage. Tbe citizens of Brooklyn now asked for a newwhich he was.the master spirit, finding that the democracy were disposed to resist tbe dictation of the star chamber ana set up for themselves, resolved to deal vigorouslv with the contumacious rebels, and crush tbtni out or perish in the attempt. Rule or ruin was the motto of the Concord clique, and failing to accomplishday Queen Victoria is tbe sovereign snd head of the Eng-lish church, and the Emperor of Russia occupies a similarrelation to bis country snd the Greek church.As between these two on the one hand, and the Pope onthe ether, there is a difference In favor of the latter. Inthe domestic relations and associations of the formerthere is danger to the rights of the subject which does not and nothing will remain for the Cnarleston Convention1 Authorises James H Woods, John H. Swift, Samuel Albany. They an- unquestionable saints compared with question but that all tbe ferries would pay large profits at the entire eubjugstion of the democratic party, theyattach to tbe sovereignty of tbe head of the Catholicchurch Tbe poorest Catholic, with the requisite education, piety, kc., may become Pope, and he seldom obtainsoffice uutil neatly sixty years of age, while the average isfifty. Be is governed by no selfish or family motive intheadministration of affairs, but looks forward to theother world rather than this, and hence the necessity ofbis occupying a position of independence, so that despotsmay not bind him to their will. The present contest isperhaps the last phase of a struggle that has been goingon above nine hundred years. The first Emperir of Ger the short space of time to intervene. many, whom the Pope by Lis own free will consecratedbody, among «ebieh was one relating to certain assehsmentsbe run at the lowest paying rate.Alderman KAUIFISSKH said that ins learned friend bad made out a strong case is favor of the Western district ofselect and highly democratic organization New Hampshire democracy.thus fell theWe put this statement on record, sot in tb* tight ef s prophecy—for ws are neither a prophet nor tbe sea of one—but ss the matured decision of the CoagrsMsasi leaders of the democratic party, in council assembled; and tbe developements will sustain it as surely sa las' Charleston Convention will meet, unless, indeed, something "' entirely unforeseen snd unanticipated should occur te change the programme, of which there Is little danger inIn the city of Brooklyn, to reduce the capital stock of the 1Farmers lean and Trust Company, and to amend the charter of Hope Fire Insurance Company.Poor Pierce, ambitious of another tilt in the Presidential The bill for the completion of tbe State canals was or the city. His remarks would be restricted to the Wil- arena, is now endeavoring to harmonize the conflicting dered to a third reading this morning, with the Chenango liamsburg ferries. It had been doubted that, because the elements in tbe party in order to propitiate the delegates Extension in it. In fact, it will be impossible to carry tbo Peck Slip route wai a long one, the, one cent rate weull to gbarleston aad secure their support in the Convention. pay. He would demonstrate by figures that It would. Previous to bis leaving the country for the Bermudas, be made a pilgrimage to Exeter to tender the pipe of peace to John S. Welles, one of the delegates to Charleston, who, when the democratic candidate for the Senate, wss A Auihorii-.ee Robert Barkey, William M- Pulb*. George thorizes the Central Railroad to charge two and one half their capital by borrowing money, to $300,(00. At the defeated through the intrigues of Pierce, because be C Peters and Heury R Hewelt, to construct a railroad centa for way fare on that road. The "irrepressible con- end ef three years, while three of the directors had re- spoke Irreverently of the cabal and was not disposed to through Seventh avenue and Fourteenth street, and find riict" on railroads is thus going on in both branches of the ceived salaries of $6,000 each per annum, $160,000of the bow to submission to its mandates. Welles has not for- gotten this baas treachery on the part of bis former iriend, and I doubt if he possesses sufficient Christian for- bearance to forgive him, and be wheedled Into supporting1U1I Park2 Salhortw* J"bn T Mills, Daniel D Nash, George JS Thosspscn, Richard Kelly. Phineas L. Tyler, Leonard k Everett. David M. Dor-emus, William H. Degroot. Henry C Ras*tter, John M i l i u m , George Irving andbill without that extension included in its provisions.A bill wss reported to the Senate for the consideration of that body to regulate tolls open railroads and authorizescommittee of the Assembly in favor of the establishmentvears following they averaged 140 percent per annumprofits on tbe original capital. Tbe last year they ran atone cent, having to compete with an opposition terry. Tbe democratic party ef Massachusetts—Hallett, Nevertheless, tuey divided 60 per cent on their originalcapital. A new set of lessees took the ferry in 1859, ranit at one cent per foot passenger and half price for ve-hicles, vet paid running expenses and high rental of$21 CC0,' although the old worry company took away alarge part of the travel by competing with them forMBW YORK. idBOISLATUBJB.Greene A Co.—are actively engaged in promoting Pierce's interests, not only in Massachusetts and New Hampshire, but throughout the country, and the Pott and Patriot chime hat praises in concert Having been pros- pered so well in 1862, they hope to succeed equally well in I860, but they will hardly be so fortunate. Poor Pierce and his little paaper clique are powerless except for evil, and the nation Will be quite content to allow them to con- fine their efforts to the narrow circle of their respective cabals, where they can continue to play into the hands of the abolitionists until the democratic, like the old whigmarks that it has been consecrated by the sanctity of athousand years duration and the voice of a free peopleredeemed from slavery. The Romagna, for instance, hasfor more than one thousand years been a part of thepatrimony of St. Peter. The feudal barons, who usurpedparts of Italy and the Legations, ruled with a rod of iron in Kentucky. There is enough in that speech to defeat a and the utmest tyranny until put down by tbe Popes, General Jackson—nay, eves a Washington. It is full of under Providence, when the people were liberated. disunion and d-.-ioyalty to the Union. It avows afeo the Treaties followed, by which the Popes, In virtue of the new doctrine of Congressional intervention to fasten popular will, were to be the sovereigns. Compare tbe slavery upon Territories already free, if it cant get tote line of Popes with the other sovereigns who have reigned. them securely in any other way It is true a slave code for Of the first eighty-four no less than fifty seven were Territories is only to be made wben wanted, but that *I noticed some time since, which authorizes James H. Mr. LAWKKSCK (dem.), nnder the direction of the Com a half cent for foot passengers and two cents for H*!l, Robert Taylor, William E. Dean, Amos Tenney mittee on Cities and Yinages, reported ail the New York carts. The old company had from 28,000 to 30,000 footK Demfleld Smith, to construct s railroad, commencing at railroad bills in their hands for the consideration of the raesengers, paying $280 to $300 per day, st one cent, tbe tetorsectiors>of Broadway and Fifty ninth street, which, with tbe cart travel, would make their receiptsthrough Seventh avenue to the Astor House, and appro Senate, including the two introduced last night. They $45Cper day. The running expenses, including the rent,ttruite* one mill lor each passenger to provide a hospital for the dead, maimed and wounded—not a word about deadheads, however6 Authorizes James S. Sluyter , James McMerrian, Wm S. Nichols and John Ludlow to construct a railroad through avenue A, with a winding cours- to Fulton ferry with branchesT A general railroad bill, introduced by Senator Mannierre tast evening, which provides that any persondesiring to construct railroads in New York may giveoouce m writing to the Comptroller of the route that he House. desires to construct a railroad, and deposit an approvedwere made the special order for this evening.A bill was introduced to empower a Board of Super-what bis party demand for the Territories st this very juncture of time.soiidsted, with $800,000 capital, where $200,000 would visors to designate two papers in each county to publish be sufficient The rate of two cents was fixed forThe democratic party In tbe New England States, and es- pecially in Massachusetts and New Hampshire, must be The bill to incorporate the Zoological Society wss re of ferriage, and one cent would now give a large profit reorganized and put upon a new basis before it ever can hope for success. The corrupt cliques that have so long preyed upon its vitals until they have weakened and well nigh destroyed it, must be rooted out, and a new and moremartyrs, and of the whole 202 one third were martyrs orsaints. and the balance, with tbe exception of two orthree, were like the present Pms IX , the Vn. and VI.,whom even their enemies are forced to respect In anyother class can the same heroic virtue be shown When stieech. Let s united opposition scatter it broadcast to all Napoleon I. began his unholy war upon the Pope the States, aad we should not despair of nearly hah* tb* the press was muzzled, and the people of Italy Sothern States for tbe opposition nominee, la such a con- sought to be convinced that they were unhap- test. And as to Mr. Seymour, his record is qua* snmotoat py. The Bishop . quoted his ultimatum to the to kill any man out of his own State; in his own State heA poorer ticket to popularity could not have bee* se- lected. It abounds in all tbe elements of weakness. It takes extreme posatoas upon the slavery question; H toss right in the lace of all the conservatism of tne country: It threatens disunion unless It te elected; It is dictated by tbeelection returns and session lsws. '.be Western district as early as 1813. Circumstances had greatly changed since tbe last legislative regulationIndeed, we should not want a more effectual election - eering document than Mr. Breckinredge's Frankfortported favorably. The income from advertising on the panels, alone, would The Canal hill was reported in Committee of the Whole bring in $1,000 for each boat. On the 6th of February-, when tbe company raised the rate to three cents on theper cent per annum on the capital. The Grand street and nal shape, including the Chenango canal appropriation. Division avenue terries yielded an annual profit of 33 percompletion of the canals to a third reading, in its origi-The mat but not least, is the George Law Combination Friday was fixed on for a vote on a final passage. cent The effect of these high charges, Mr. K. contendedThis miserable shuffling for the spoils must be aban-less advocacy of measures, based upon high national and he was held as a prisoner, and led a life of privation be- goon.The Governor sent in a"veto of tbe bill extending the was Injurious to the property in Williamsburg. It pre-tune for the collection of taxes throughout the State. The Senate strongly sustained the Governor's veto.mentaUsm of a morbid ana mistaken philanthropy, that looks only at th* black side of humanity, bestowing no thought upon tb* misery, suffering and slavery that are going on in its midst A philanthropy that is quick to discern the wail of distress in the distance, bat never looks at home for fit subjects for its sympathies snd its charities.This stooping snd truckling to catch the popular breeze has demoralized and well nigh aboliLonized tbe demo- cratic party at tbe North, and it is high time a different policy was inaugurated. Cannot tbe once proud and in-the tyrant head of the republic. Napoleon subsequentlybecame Emperor of France, He reorganised religion, butfound no earthly way to get peace except through thePope, with whom he made a concordat, to which he spokeof the necessity of the Pope not being s subject ot say disunion democratic captains, aad they are preparing to Power. Again, later, he tried to make tb* Pontiff hisOn the question shall the bill pass over the veto, the roteThe bill also authorises the New York Central road to charge two and a half cents a mile way fare.Mr. Demas Strong, of Brooklyn, a member of the Repub- lican State Central Committee, made a lengthy speech In favor of cheap ferries, and made many importantInertia—Democratic teudM—RepuUiam Sympathy with John Brown—Delegates to the Charleston Ocmention— their Ant* cedents—Poor Prospect*for Poor Pierce—Popu-lar Opinion Otncerntng Dissolution, ok., cfc.with the present Emperor Napoleon, or rather a little be-fore with the King of Sardinia, the schemes which areworking st tbe present time. As to Napoleon. BishopTimon conceded his belief, from what he knows personallyand has heard of him, that he is a better man than someof his acta would seem to prove him. He is good enoughof himself, but badly surrounded, snd the best of the clearly prove. Meantime we repeat, tot theMr. CojrsoLLT had consented that the report be made charges against the monopoly that now governed that the question might be before the Senate. He was op-posed to the principle of the bill The report was laid onWhen, two years ago, the Democratic State ConventionEYKNINO SKS8ION.The Senate met to consider the Railroad bills for theana sales of the Common Council of the city of New York Many attempts were made ta amend the bill and delay He was followed at some length by Mr. Evarts, on be- pressed with ths importance, if not the absolute necessity,LB the background.It ta intended as a movement to offset that in the House,action on it, but all without saccesb, it being evident that the iriends of the bill were well drilled and prepared to carry it through.found reliably stated in the journals of the day, which reaches the sum of $2,732,966, to say nothing of tbe whole budget which foots up three hun- dred and fifty miliums of dollars ' Then take Mazzini'sand a number of other persons who are not interestedin the Senatorial Combination bill, bat are in the otherbills that have been reported by the committee, have the friends of the measure, who added the followinghalf of the Union Ferry Company. The testimony closed this evening.P o l i c e I n t e l l i g e n c e .of carrying the State in order to produce a favorable impression in Rhode Island and Connecticut, the democratsare idle and inert, and evince a reckless apathy quite outof keeping compared with their wonted spirit and energy republic. Tbe Bishop was in Rome shortly after its for-ButlerJackson Jeflerson Johnson Leavenworth LinnLyktas Madison Marshal Morris Nemaha Pottawatomie Shawnee Wabaunsecity of New YorkThere was a very crowded attendance in the lobby, andgreat mass of the people demanded a change st once, and that, too, before the monopoly got their clutches fastened upon the people for another ten year's term.against Ichabod Goodwin, the republican nominee, they opened the canvass with vigor, and also with a fair chance of success, but the republicans, with the aid of "Sam," were victorious and Goodwin was sleeted.Census of'.We have received a copy of the census of the populat* paten of the movements nearly correct: bat cured in the Senate for the bill and that seventeen areHi ley and Wilson countiesT b e T r o u b l e * H t b e R i o G r a n d s .i myii llj of them, It is plainly to be seen, by a careful watcher of evista, that they are not posted upon the aahjscl Many of them, I should consider, would in-jure a y minis linn lor sagacity wore I to give them ashanded mm*. I sss what sons* of the parties who areunable to ns* the roportsrs here, are forwarding theircommilsleattoa* kn the offices of the different papers. the canals came up as a special order. The bill was de- These remsiaiilraHsas are, however, acceptable, and Iwould sohea ibss* from every parson that knows bated all the morning. Various motions were made ex any secret moveansaai hi regard to the railroad cludssg the Rome and Watertown Railroad from the ac-lobby. » If not fnJJy c o m e t they will place before me a eh>« whereby I onnoftentimestion of the.WD. They were lost The exclusion of fresh meals, fresh Ash, game snd poultry was carried, together with other amendments.After several amen.iments to the Railroad Toll bill, Mr. C o o n s moved to insert a section exempting all roads tolleu tram the operation of say pro rata law. The argu- ments of the advocates of pro rata having been that tolls an Ute canal prevented the awassjawj of extending the pro rata to A s canals, it follows, when th* railroads sirs tolled, pro rata* unjuat to.amotion was immediate ly mads to report progress, which was carried.In the Hous* Mr. a A i x n moved to disagree with th* report of the committee and pass the bill to a third read tag atMr. Coors^mardsrtodes»»ttheatttempttodrlve lb* charge of stealing s valuable horse snd wagon, worth New Hampshire, however, I believe to be in sympathy two since a committee* of tb* Legislature reported thatgo into the country; consequently we are saved the pain ful task of recording further esses of murder; tbe ranches are broken up and their dwellings burned down, at that we have no more startling tales of incendiary work te tofc m operationLot ail who have anycertain.The Brownsville (Texas) Flag furtsthes the followingAssembly.AUIANY, March 7, I860.quarters, where, after about an hour or so, a magis neighbors over the line, are strongly impreg- dred eighty laymen. In tbe office of the Secretary ot sot the part of scavengers, gathering up, here and there, trate was procured and Kelly admitted to bail. A man nated with the odor of abolitionism, and are State there are only five clergymen, and these not priests the frightened stock, which tbey drive across or drowaTbe bill to toll the railroads of the State competing srithbill through, moved an adjournment, which was ciovert^COO fromJAmbortvute, N. J. ' ^ ^Jersey City Maws.Tim Giuvx SnmAiios&—In the suit of Christian Yostagainst Kdward Hope, Jr., anoertaker, of Jersey city, for damages in an allegea grave and coffin swtadle, which wss tried on TussCsyJjbefore Justice Stanton, too jury were unable to agree, and wars accordingly dis- charged st IS o'clock at night They stood as th* while five for plaintiff aad seven for the "Coort Caleadar—TbIs Day.|Sja 403 s*a asi 668 •77,681.3S,Ml,«8»,•»,M?,**. Ml,W 'Part 2 -Ncs 413. 346, 1M, 462. 612, $16, fit, 1M, 197, 46,188, 82, M II, 212.COMBOS Puus-Part 1 —Nos. 17M, 1787, 1768, 1770,17ft, 1T7S, 1774, 177*. 1778, 1781, 178*. 1TM, 17M MM, 17M Part 2-Noa 4», IMf. 1TM, M8, 1808, M6. 1M8, 418, 161$, 378, 4M, 1621, MM, 1M1wtth John Brown sad his acta; but policy constrains them to be guarded ia expression of their views.I hsvo board many express themselves to favor of s s dissolution of the Union, preferring that to the endu- rance of fraternal relations wtth slaveholders; snd many of them declare that they will not vote for Bates under any circumstances, because he lives In s stave Mats. Tbey have not yet chosen delegates to the Chicago Con vention. but Seward is the favorite of the party, and Banks ranks next in order. Either of these gentlemen, or Chase. Cameron or Lincoln would carry ths Stats: bat should Bates be tbe nominee. I bare no doubt but that, M^proper exertion were made, tbo electoral vote sf New Hampshire would be given for tbe democratic candidate.Tbe democrats elect their delegates by districts, sad the following geatksnen have bean delegated to represent tbe dessocrsey of ta* Mate hi the ChaiUaton Convention — John 8. Welles, Josah Minot, A. P. Hughes, Walter Herri man and R, S. Webster. It is understood that the delega ttoa b for DougfrnWelles is a wwyer of repute, a fair stamp speaker, and waa formerly s warm friend of Pierce Rnmor. however, has II that they are now open terms of cool intimacy only, sad that tbe latter baa nothing to expect at the bands ofJudge Minot was formerly Pierce's <aw partner, snd isUntitled Documentthe last election to that city was s shameful fraud la con - seqtinice of acts of violence ana ruffianism. In the Peru gia affair, about which so much has bean said, to* disturbera were not citizens of Perugia Tbo troops sent by to* Pope to restore order, three fourths of whom were Ital teas and not Swiss, wore preceded by sa savoy wbo waa Instructed to quietly settle tbe difficulty. snd while ha investigating the matter the soldiers hatted fordays outside tbe city Tbe savoy found scarcely any Pa rugiena in arms—tbe insurgents wars mostly allof Tuscany Tbey fired on tb* soldiers aad 'shout ail tbe bieodabed that took piece,fall ss many, if not more, people killedSr's Ferry, which was a fair specimen of th* Perugia af r, sod » ronet even one was a Tuscan aad not a Peru San. Tbe Mr Perkins, who was in tbe hee Tuscans fired upon tbe soldiers, it now appealsi b y s totter trom sa English tody occupying s Tarn seimil* * fiom l'Yrvm. was forewarned of his danger; yet, to the face of all these facts, the world 1MMechoed tbe fan* w-y—started in tbe usual obanaesi through which ItaiiSi information is wtsre.1 and colored—of the crnett/Williamsburg ferries, they received $1,300; the expenses wholesome order of things instituted instead, and then andThe Brooklyn Ferry question was argued this morningbefore the Supreme Court by Me-ra Gilbert and Tre- vincible democracy of the Granite State set the example,mor of resistance at once, and let all the opposition come together without delay, counsel like brethren, sad form s ticket that will swoop tbe nation. The thing is feasible The thing ought to be dons. Nay, the thing is alreadyMARCHFor nearly thirty years prior to 1844 tbe democratic partythoroughly nsttoaal In his vtews. Walter Hsrrisaan. Esq ,ed lbs laterests of New York or Braoklya, orral good, to pass the bilL la the wryJ"""°thelss^lstoroVsrecsaed upon to provide s owceat State, this slpgetf sad important change ia public opinion considered a reliable democrat. If•^LTSSYork to run them at one cent, pay or not pay. PennySenator Gard iner moved to strike out the nam* of th* rates would certainly cans* «tex*»enny» «»»Maodnttons. dictation of this self sullicient sad self constituted electing their candidate tbey will insist spaa bat inaugura only 1,800 out of 1,800,000 of people. V i ^ u a d * ^ " ^Mr. GuissT, in repUtes °* behntf * Bwoklyn, said deliberations is be indebted for tbe political distinction publican triumph. If beaten in the fight they propose to the facts showed thb to be the e e a V l s tins medsaag Senator Sputola moved to add three additional names, thsTtbs Vrmeipls on wWcn thb legislation waisought which he has attained. Whenever the Concord clique pick their flints snd try agate.The motion, like all other amendments, wss lostwhich, as a matter of course, was adopted. was that the matter was one of grave public importance.pulled the string the democracy of New Hampshire After some further discussion Mr. Spinoia moved that It wss not a mere municipal measure to any point of danced, aad if any refused to dance or failed to keep step the committee rise and report progress sad ask leave to view. A public ferry, connecting two large cities, and to tbe music, he wss st once spotted, to be disposed of stBishop Tiawom, of Rocttester, oat th* Popea n d H i s P s w l t t e m .Se/dintaaod England have each sa o b S a ^ v t e w . ^ s m r ' Victor Emanuel we know what tyranny ex.there is muzzled sad san say nothing. Ws!bitten of tb* Kmg of Sardinia, sad anal h* i_sit sgam, which wss carried.Senator Spinoia moved then that the Committee be dltcharged from the further consideration of the bill, and mat it be ordered to a third reading without amendment or debate at hah* past eleven o'clock to-morrow.forming, so to speak, a locomotive highway across snavigable stream, an arm of tbe sea, should not be mads tbe COBveniencsof the immaculate cabal. Any movementa matter of emolument, either private or municipal. Its which did not originate with, or that bad not received ths[From the Rochester (N. Y. Advertiser, March 6.]An announcement was made ia tbe various Catholic bankrupt before the war. We know that Louta Narwtesaprimal y object was tbe good of the public st large. Thepower to regulate the ferries wss vested in tbe city ofNew York, ii at all, for tbe purpose of promoting thepublic advantage. It never could be entrusted anywhere apostates snd heretics.lor the purpote cf enabling the private grantee to make Such was the constitution of the democratic party in enormous gam. It would be found that from the earliest New Hampshire when Franklin Pierce was elected Presi-churches st the morning service yesterday, morning thatBishop Time* would lecture to tb* evening st St. Mary's.on the Pope and his Position, sad lbs edifice wss throngedinconsequence. The Bishop spoke exlemporaneously, ashe always does, sod wandered far and often in his digres-sions snd illustrations, ss men who know what they aretalking about and something more generally do. He be-gan with a sort of prologue, in which the Catholic church The Bishop concluded with as appeal to his hearers af and its spiritual head of to-day were to position likened to whatever creed, to pray to God that right sad justice mar those ot early history, and shadowed forth as being, like prevail that the despots may fail to their projects, and them, besieged by calumny and vituperation—the rabbleapprobation of tbe Concord inquisition wss considered ir- regular, and its advocates were summarily dealt with ss}5?£*'^jTM!** 9*Mtraysd whatkagtoad waste The Bishop read the paragraph which speculated as Is wbo shall be destined to play the part of a modern lather sad achieve the glory of making Italy Protestant, draw ing toe inference that Victor Emanuel si the man to view.Rrr* keturldge and Seymour. [From tbe Baltimore Patriot, Marco 61Kentucky and New York areito be harnessed to the car of disunion democracy, and Breckenridge aad Baysassw are to be tbe Charleston nominees for Prestdeat aad Vjee President Every effort to avert this decision will fail,tionism.not till then wfll New Hampshire be redeemed from the thraldom of black republicanismcannot hope to get even two-thirds of the New York democracy; so that the oppositions, if they will only unite on some sne man, wfll have pleasant times next fall; theyanother session in the Assembly Chamber this afternoon. A Political Retrospect—Rfputiiran Activity and Democratic banishment upon the island of St Helena. Then beganthose ferries, arguing that it was tbe duty of thsLegislature to take decisive action at once. The nominated Ass P. Cate as their candidate for Governor,in the bill B will be seen that it contains a combinationof the most Ingnlsr material, arranged to oricg underits wsxg a majority of the Senators. Thus the President intense interest was manifested by all.of lb* Albany and Susquehanna Railroal is among The Seventh Avenue Railroad bill, introduced by Mr.the tocerporators, as a bait for three Senators, Fiero last night, was taken up la the Committee of the speech, who answered the legal points that had beenand so on through the whole chapter of names, forming a Whole. This bill includes several independent routes as brought to bear upon the right of the Legislature to inter- with a like result. The same candidates are again incombination which I unlerstsnd has been assented to by laid down in bills heretofore introduced in the Senate aad fere. He thought that the legislature not only had the nomination; and while the republicans, conscious of thecertain Senators at a caucus, under the solemnity of an Assembly, but combines all Interests In one body of coroath, and forms a manoeuvre that puts all the bargains porators. right, but it wss their duty to act at once. silent influences at work against them, are fully im case now. Opposed to this, look at the enormous out- AtchisonThe only alteration from the original bill was made byBrown Chase Coftey Davis Doniphan Douglas Franklin Greenwood202 3 617 2 268 —l . i u 62 2,620 26 1,474 6186 — n o — 671 2 907 12 870 363,446 187 1.023 — 812 1 188 — 102 — 199 — 608 — 151 — 1,035 10 259 — 68 — 53a 13 190 —6 » 1,810 686 3,688 8,818 2,U« 668366 2,177 8 M 7 3,09011,128 3.961 3,812668 444 $M1,8M 604 3.1M 7M 288 1,768 7*8names to the corporators:—Messrs. Waller L. Gaasou, J. H Ransom, Thomas T. Davis and Edmund C. Bramhall.They have now an opportunity to strike a serious blow at black republicanism in New England, if they will but im prove it :Mjut they manifest a strange and unaccountablemation and was told by Protestant Ambassadors therethat they never Saw a despotism so awful. During thelittle time it existed a debt of $6,000,000 wss created, andvalueless paper money issued to the people for$8,000,000,When the Bishop was last in Rome the Pope wss payingthese bills and burning them. Under such a burthen ten Hunter by Mazzini tbe taxes had of course to be increased, andbeen as badly sold ss they were by the House Committee.They, in fact, have only been tickled this morning, andwill see that the arrangement made at the private oaucus,under which a pressure wss brought upon the committeeto report these bills, is intended to ruin their protects and Kdwin Boyt, D. H. Harght, & B. Ailhouse, Peter Lleave them out in the cold—for the benefit of tbe Live Nevins, Aaron Arnold, M Morgan, Amos R. Kno, John J.tiak Senatorial Combination bill, which I have given in Phelps and Benjamm L. Swan, Jr., offering one million Knight rearrested him on Tuesday night in Division tween the Fierce and Burke wings of the the above list. dollars for the franchise of the Broadway parallel routeTruly times are becoming lively here, and the combi only, or $70,000 annual license fee.After mochckirmishiogMr. Mannierre presented a com- munication addressed to blm by Messrs. N. Ludlam,RKAKREST OF A Coi'.NTmnuTsn —On the 23d ult a mannamed Charles Wbitmore, alias Hlnsell and Ezra White,was arrested on a charge of passing counterfeit money,but subsequently made bis escape from the Tenth pre- disposition to allow the golden opportunity to pass cinct station house, where he had been locked up. Oftloer unimproved There is a bitter feud raging be-He wss followed by Mr Tremain, with a lengthystreet, and he was again sent to prison. democratic party, each accusing the other of conspiring CORRECTION —We have been requested to state, in re- to demoralize aad defeat the democracy, and between tbe gard to tbe article in yesterday's HKKAI n concerning an petty and contemptible bickerings of these small fry par- In tbe Senate Mr SPINOLA moved to discharge the com- alleged kidnapping of two sailors by a man named Henry tisan cliques, the standard of the party is allowed to trailthen arose a howl all over Europe, which was speedily echoed in congenial quarters elsewhere. The taxes of the Papal States are to-day, proportionately, less than one half of those in France, and less than one quarter of those to Sardinia For one pauper to the Papal States, in pro- portion to the population, there are two or three in Eng- land, and even in our own favored country the propor-Mr. STOOL* then moved that the Committee rise and report progress.One year ago the same performance was gone throughtaxed of sny in Europe. Tbe revenues of tbe Pope and all his expenses, including those of his household, the cardinals foreign ministers, palaces, libraries, Ac., Ac., amounted to only 86C0,000 a year, and the same is theOolored tstsf Parsons. PopulationAllenAnderson 616 — 1JM968 32 3,728 1,062 9 3,683 76 — 2*2 Breckinridge 626 — 1,788577 — 2,181munication, in which they entirely exonerate Mr. Noll- the Patriot, but that organ is silent as the grave concern tion is greater. Tbe fact has been proven by Protestant21,628 406and Tom < > Donnell were also present at the fight, snd in the democratic party. The moral effect which the re Is a priest ridden country " Let us see. Tbe Ambassa- There are no returns from Clay, Dora, McGee, Osage,were each taken back to Buffalo and fined $300, bat Kelly and Price have thus far eluded the officers who hive for some time been on the lookout for them. Considerable excitement waa manifested by the friends of Kelly when tbeomcer made known bis errand, among whom were Jim Hughes, Billy Murphy and other well known sports of the ring. The prisoner was taken to the police headsnh In this State will have upon the vote In Rhode Island dor of France has furnished his master with the figuresand Connecticut should not be overlooked, and no eQbrt showing that there is no country iu which the proportionconsistent with honor and good faith should be spared to of laymen to tbe clergy is greater Out of Rome, inInsure, if not a triumph of the party, at least a heavy re- eighteen provinces, there were only dftcen clergymen toduction ol' the four thousand republican majority of last 1,6i0 laymen. In Rome the number of clergymen is pro- latest report of affairs on that frontier —year . portionately a little larger. In the various branches of The banditti have control of tbe west bank, and are canThe republicans of New Hampshire, like their the government administration there are in every hun- ticuing their predatory excursions into Texas, where tbeynamed Peter Hamell, of No. 387 East Tenth street, be decidedly pointed in their antipathy to Southerners but deacons. Look at our own country and we will find in the river. The damage which they now do is tnagmn-came his security.Detectives King and Slowey arrested a young roan named Samuel McGibney on au alleged charge of grand larceny. On his person was found a heavy along shot He was locked up to answer.About balf-psst seven o'clock two Germans, one named Herps, got Into a dispute at ths corner of Broadway snd Spring street, which finally resulted in blows, snd Harps getting the best of his opponent, be suddenly received a slab hi tbe left arm. On turning around, the other Ger- man suddenly left, running down Spring street at a rapid rate. Herps, on examining his arm, found tb* wound was not of a serious nature. Th* party who stabbed him wss n perfect stranger, tbe dispute arising from both par- ties having accidentally run against each other .and Southern Institutions John Brown is venerated full as large a proportion of ministers snd deacons in pub- caLt compared to that done formerly Our citizens do netBrown's raid first reached tbe State, a general about ofapprobation rose from the republican ranks; but when itwss known that be bad failed in his diabolical attempt atinsurrection and murder, and that tbe movement wason* calculated to damage rather than strengthen theirparty, they began to buck water, and now generally Sardinia protested against it Take the soldiers of France profess to condemn tbe rash snd indiscreet manner in snd Sardinia—take all extraneous matter sway, sad which their hero undertook to carry their doctrines intoThe United States cavalry, under Stcaasnan, sad to* rangers, under Ford and Lnttetou, are ia the field, guard tog as beet tbey can our border against the sawsanhtoaa of the enemv, wbo are now on the Mexican side iaeffect. Once in a while we find one more honest than histallows, who goes the "irrepressible to thekJeath, sad in- times overawe. Take Baltimore as sa inswaps, where sals that Brown did right; but they are the exception sad the violation of law and order has made the name of the, _ - _ , - T ^ , tion from his government to act in " ^ ^ ^ J f ^ States forces to pursuing aad driving «*'•••'• rr_gjTIkuaa or AN Auarjat> B o a n Ttuw James Price wasarrested last evening by detective Poole on an alleged not tbe rate. Tbe real sentiments of the republicans of city s reproach throughout tbe land. It is oaly a day orcountry. or in catching and b r i n s 2 B £ " T T . , " Z " T I punishment, resigned his 0 » d ^ ^ j J ^ t ' 2 T 2 u r known te himself, leaving M ^ ^ e x f ^ ~ 2 T _ 1Developements continue to be «n^«-J?J*ift*re " * • • more to come. Some of them *f^oahButo*s^to^»s»et^ma warm person*) friend. As he goes into the Cotvja of the Pope Haw wss it when India rebelledThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mature hie oaly teraa.IntheOsai avaryistructed to vote for Douglas Concerning hiss dormer resort After Douglas I think the democracy of this Mats would prefer tbe nomiaation of some "mtld mannered man" nke Horatio Seymour—a mas suffi-best of Popes. Since then an effort has been making be- achieved by tbe opposition will be easier under Breokea-poleon. It is said that when Napoleon heard of it he dose. It is only a question of time Before the summerlay for tbe royal family of England alone, aa itfw Bourbonlic station People say this cannot be so, since it appears that tbe people in the Papal States are not content, and the Pops could not exist except by tbe aid of foreign bayonets What are the facts r When Garibaldi entered Rome in 1848 there was scarcely one Roman in his band.as a martyr sad canonized as a saint; while Helper istheir authority upon all politics) IKFIW, aid his "Im-pending Crisis'' their political text book. Large numbersof this work are being ob-cuiateu in the State for eteoUoneenng purposes, and the republican press are loud in Bat lollowers were the "riff raff," the scum of Italy the oeaf, dumb and blind listeners In to* father toad their commendations of tbe book. When the news of snd h: signers from Germany, Poland snd else-where. Tbey were bound together to secret societies and by oaths to murder say aae wbo stood in their way. And wben th* Pope sought to pot down these so- cieties which were intended to asp the foundations of so- cial order, tbe representatives of England. France sndTbe troops wHo were seat out from Matamoros to ithe banditti returned without accomplishing the Lous uno*rtaktog; thus leaving our natural enemy hi f*a pessession of an extensive territory where no power canthe Pope »pd his people will get along well enough Tb*reach him to check a b Insane careerGen. Guadalupe Garcia, who came * " * « » .bad element of society, although in a minority, may somewants to be Napoleon I. The Ioodoa Posf, of January X nThe democratic prorrsmme for thenext PreadeahaJ election was settled in Washington lest Thursday sightforever.everywhere be up and doing. opponents will be.They now know whs ICounties.Voters.a few leading Mexicans in^f^JlJ^T^^Lma^unear* were fired upon, on the « « ^ « ^ L ^ J S ^0 0by some unknown pern J ^TM* *^^"*/^*^J^IZral Mexicans were seen to run towards tbe cbapparai,back of toe cay,from wbida.lt is IsJerrsdtaat tbey were gorof tbe banditti, seeking to • f * * * * ^ J ^ - ' " ' persons No damage was dons, though one of the passed through to* soorjlate ta* rssta where Ost. 1JTIgTitood. and lodged in tbe esatoaaf another doer sa htbe'oofisatte side of the TM J » ^ ~ » f * *-*• V *i JJ* bad there been evtssnee of MMwMM* at say thaaaansg the eveningBs>trs or Quatswro*—Tbe wasktyfetnrnef tbsM_r Regtstrsr exhibits a raorsnty during ttwenty eight, tea of whom war* Wfblacks. Five died of stl age, sad teayears of age Steves wars bstow to*ay* ef tea: JeavtogiVthedfSthsssaong tb* otisess of active47116 1JJ2T www.fultonhistory.com 