 0>.. X.—NO. •**62.|feto'l0m Sime^^EW-YORk, THGRSDAT, NOVEMBER 22, I860. PRICE TWO CENTS. *MOVEMENT. ITke Policy of tlw AdnlnlstriUon again pended specie payments.iillution 11 such is their feUpurpo-e. Let the respon-laws ssn eandmy owudDiiotoisagree. Weoccupte^: ihe judgment for what it is worth. U proceeds from iao un quM-or what course of resistancweliiul^Iobe Union U«u.i„o„a^ ihey ^ma* tl.ink best, aud then let the Legislature aaU, when theW,i SECESSIONIran. n. elrd Coiivention, and «,i pr«»enuiigSiscnsscd by Uie Cabinet.10 DEFIIIfE CORCLUglON'ARKIYED iT.The Question of a Convention of the Southern States.luMred CoBinltation Between ProminentpointGovernment and go out of the Union on isagitat aim sailoual power. This object was us Use eveiT patriotic eflbrttoit while tuereand South Carolinians.and Tirginla.OVK TBI.BOKAPHIC DISPATCHES.it beadmittedtha( all ofact of Congiess from the Territories speak for one, views though myTirginians1 State Ck)ii¥ention toSaspcBSloas in Maryland Charleston llabUities.mUlit nut acrMwfib wlihourslaveproperty. Heisforusingthepowerof tUni.whaievrrtheresultmaybe.'I.hallSwIoSi.FROM WASHINGTON.let the Government stoii, if ibeNailoual Dernoqratlc ment as its exisls, there is no conjecture or sj>ecula-lation of any of the principles set forth in the GeorgiaoKtheSoolhenStates. Itisfearedthatqaes- tlons as yet act agitated would arise for diKus.ion, aad orersliadow those involved at tiie ItA STATE CONVENriON IN GEORGIA. then refuse to hold oflBee that was given to hitn by a peace it has secured, no estimate can be made of. and deserving your most serious consideration, I will have made ^reat advanremeut unoer theTemia^That is tbe course wldcb Oon.-titatia<i,dele tes in gainDch amendments to the Federal Constitution as willonlysolution of tiie dilEculUes.decllLed 5v-.; sales of red at 85c,, and white til d5c. Com is dull at a decline of 2c.Congress readytoacquiesceproposingsilent (tances. The influence of the Government onus is I am ai'dressing vour good sen.'e. I am givlnn you like that ol tbe atmosphere around us. Its benefitsdutiespede uponmust exe-of seme fixed geographical line. This is believed toFlour is ofleied at $4 15 for superfine. Wheu has t a.- ion give your views as I am doing now, a.id letWestlcom think of the single element of oxygen Gtmeral Government to see that It is done.coi si.iut-t'tai act.M'. TooBLB—Commit some overt actMr. STXFULNe- No. I did- not say tnat Tbe vbotAcall a atate Conrentlon.Judge TaciiBuu.'8 declaration last evening, oa be-The Hog market is dull, and there is more disposi- tion to sell on tlie^art of owners, while buyers areI have no doubt, who is not true to the Cimstitutlon, II Southern Senators are true tu their trusts, as I can- tot perniit nAseif todoubt that they wilt be.would take place In all organic creationIt may,be that we are all tbatweare In "spite of thebinder or obstruct the fulfilment of that obligation. They have violated their plighted faith ; what ought we to do in view of this? That is tbe questionk Held in Georgia.lina dares resist oppression," andour God we set up our banner."^.The Georgia merchants are promptly mee'ing theirlar|!ely majoriti agamstIn the Senate he will also be powerlew. There willto be, at alllor—cftseioK QDISnOK thc PBOFOSXO bootbisn— Then, bow can Mr. Lisools obtain a Cabinet wnich luded iu illustiating home facts in tils record thisw lilph ought to be met as therein provided for. If hi.'poJicv shall oe cairied out in repealing or modifyingibeem Stales and their assailants, come from wliat qu tr- piatfH.l Let the fanatics of the North b eak the Con- since. The geniMban's views of the policy of tiieMi in tbe spirit of dictation. It will be simply my own lion ftlry to U.e people, for caUmg loge i,erierThis leltei crcales great sen'atlon here.All the Rlchmrnd and Petersburgh Bdnks have sus->ii be linythem.ttte i;oi>gress. Itia strongconvlctiorithataccordingtoHour hite- tl«nslothemwhethertbey otuoftt-k.they may.uponmoreinrllailiin to tbxm InKoaroBX, Va., Wednesday, Nov. 21. The >;ii;ute Men of this city beld a meeting to-ume to tbe of port^.I am but hopeful,not sanguine. But let: and an open BIMe, and the mottoes 'the Gereral Government against tbe extension of our will of her people. Thf Ir cause is"*Congressman Kiirr, on board the steamship Colum-bia this afternoon, was presented with a gutta-percha rifie-cane. HespokefeelinglyofBsooas.The suspension of the Richmond Banks will not effect biulness here.ougtit the States and the citizens of all the States in the T«r-..-posed to bis views\and so Mr. Ltrfcoui will t>e com-jI said It then;Isayitnow,IfMr.South Caro- In the name o.'iHiw er in The House of u ssnie Govemu.eLt afiards In a thousandir.slltutioijs. Our on this positionand between allmy causa. mmSk their cewln.y is my destiny; and I trust tlri«willha tie ultwtaie course of all. The greate.t curse a^m^.FROM TEXAS.MBSTUa or TDK OABUTKT—DUCDBSIOM Or THE SB- TBI GOTEBHOK CALLED UPON TO CONVENE TBE men—for that is their name at the North—tbe con- tiin about thaii it stinds out andcoii'tmplateoui greatness. We are now a first naiidLs of the earth. Shall it be said.LEQISLATOEE..should weTbe policy of the AdmimstntioD, in the event of held in that State at wbit:b the Governor is called up- Uriin when bis bands are tied, when he can do better efi w Ithout the Government—is, to say tlte leastHe Fugliive Slave law so as to weaken its efficacy, 'proven a lailure. A lallurv In what? la growth.COXYXBTIOll, KTC.WaaaisaToii, Wadneiday, Nov. 21.Ntw-OaLXAJis, Xa., Wednesday, Nov. 21. Advices from Texas state that meetings are beingtion ?Why then, J say,ft is atniitt.i!—whether all this is In of the Gov-Geoigia has declared that she will in the last resortlake plsce, I say to you and to the people of Georgia, mankind. presentMeinlon, wu tgtia discussed in tbe Cabinet yestar-d«7, bDt the wmnt of hu-mony in the opinions of thosepresent precluded eny result beinc arriveJ at It is rights and honor of Texas as a member of the Con- Senate has to ccncur. No man can bel^iTght ikat tiie Administration will not fjtvor a Con- federacy. without the con-ent of the Senate. Should any man ilie U 1 ion, ur what we have gained simply by thepiank, and say if those aggressions therein provided for clvlnied world, and theon to convene tie Legislature fur the poroose of cin- siderlng vthat metbcd is proper to vindicate theman in ibe State uf Georgia, who Is true tu tier inter- ests, could bold office under Mr. LtNcuLM. Bin, I a^k,fact against speculation and comecture on the other. B tit e> en as a question of speculation I differ with mykeep your powder dry .and let your aasallnnts then Si me • four public men have failed In their aspiia-ol ii.eir actsspeakpresenllyresis and honor—our present and furtiguhrtes,secur- siaetyl.iid a Government that t>ett«;r protects the liberties of tvil hour rashly pull down and destroy those Instltu- vised you to take The people of Maryland are beginning to assert the of members of the and otbers lALllhU^e.J I il Ink that one of tne evils that beset so 1 )j>g and so bard to build up, and wblch have done no power so to act.of disturbing the whole Union and their im- perilled lights. The sentiment, will probably soon ofandquestionequal,tbeyssnaie tbe shape of a demand.lUPAicB TO Tus issootum rBisi.sinceI en-forty eight } ears of our Govemmem was under >helibertyeigns. Iamoneof them and nave a to be rightcompelNov. 21. The Bank Presidenta of this city held a meetingsbortcpmings manyspite of these delects ano errors, Georgia ha*i grownto be a grt at State. Let us pause here a moment In lt5u tbeie was a great crisis, but not so fearful us this,without New-England if she choseA Vtiici IN the AsjiMBii—We will kick them out Mr. STLfHENc—I wiiiili not kick them out But ifiBaxthioii, Md.,Wednesday,Prtsiuentj 1 believe. No one of them during the whole fur I) -eight years ever set his Alminisiratlun a^uinst tl e principle or policy of ttiem. it is not forvants. You are tbe servants of the people, and notTeatciday evening considerable ezcitement wasThe result of Ihlswas that In the war of 1812 ourwaids, an amount notfarfromdoublethatitwasinUnior.then I am lor their malnlenaice. at all haz-sense, tothat the tHTokers were going to make a draw on the we met friends. Weof whom ca-ne from thisqbul to jny that En^lund brought against us. At any tl IItion ofthetheby represeut*-and of Next to tbe honor g orybeing intimated Baskihere. The Directors of the Farmers' Bankaud wa" mademaaifcsted In commen-lai circles. Itwas made by representatives of the peoplegloryt' e rfborttrs. "ho very often make say uilngsheld a meeting and agreed to suspend specie payments for the presentregardedthe ties wblch bind us to the Union, we wouldimmediatelyandlast resist ?any Bank to make specie payment but the Bank directory, like Gen. JicEB05, tiate "taken tbe reipon-should express their diffi rent opinions with liber'ility and chaiity, with no acrimony toward those of their fellows, whsn honestly and sincerely given. These are my feelings ioiilgl.t.Let us, therefore, reason together. It is not my w ip. d ( 11 from thestatute-book.Who propo-es them speak their o*'> "'•AH the merchants here commend the actdisplayedinaibility."The Bai.k! are discounting freely.iiotwlihcuthopethatthismavyetbedone—this s[ peal to go out, with all tbe provisions for good thatit, I look upon as a great, and I fear a fatalto determine men, uponGov. LiTcuEa iswith a letter iu reply to one from a gentleman in Penn- dividual wbo may be present'iTiir.fl. Well, let us look at that for a moment Abouttl e lime 1 commenced noticing public matters, this henMy cheai. w hlch time has shown to be necessary.States to coerce South Caroiu,^ in case Got.LsTCHSaanswersIn aanythingSouili Carolina w asto or seceda nullify1 we can or in-pla. would iLauphtcr.]Mr.STXrBlNBcon.lnu. ter-. wl ich are omitled,d for and thentook his »ealout In tbepurpos.e to say &n|bt iin- and U in the ardencyVpublic prints to-day,sylvania, offeiing his serviee to aid the Southern with which I shall.s: havethe satisfvi-The vreather is guHe cool, and we had a ofsnowthisevening,thefirstoftheseason. niSPATCH TO TBE ASSCCIATED PUSS.would ttcdt e as gods. Th'in an evil hou "Enquirerofbecause a manof secession. thoroughly conservativereadycunvictioDS. lone, and says that the most peaceable and the only or oflend.loss ofpower,oranyessentialIgreat applause. NEW6PAPER'SKEKKADE TO BOK.way to prevent dlsuniun i. for the Nori.lcrn si.ies who have nullified the Fugitive Slave LawThe first question that presents itself is, shifll theItbattliejj lion luleintbe General Government. 1 racts. Thiswill opposes coercion.voted for as did it,piojenitorflike timptaiion when In the garden of E len.objectioDablepacifyihemy n]i;n in thc North that works In Iron and brass an 1RiCHHONS, Va., Wednesday, Nov. 31.ou^hi to stand by and aid the country.it we may become greatersincere In tell- here toto-day publishes an important let-disrupt passion and submittingstep, that in-tillsThetar from Gov. LrtCBia in reply to that of Joun S. Bais-am, of Pennsylvania, who ridicules secession andstates that two hundred Virglidans have tendered him tbtirccdimand In the event of disunion, &c. Tbe Jie'p'^r'.HpartW.wherever mayneverberestoredtousagain. CVppliuse.]and the oilier Western States,\a^tfals afternoon, and resolved to suspend specie pay- stance. It is not to gratify desire of my own that I it was a wiseam mt to say whether pulleyhave everthe most1 tbiuk moreover otbers, such as France and England and Irelan I, is InbantintibitusfeacNionretsh,erwnould find thnagt principbaaldly aesnmguac^hments to^mojTow morning,Tbe steainer for Chariestoa to-day took down ahere. Had I consulted own ease and mythey Interest lu the Union under tne Consiltuiionto repealpeoplethe Senate andof the human were not withoit race,KDHOND BUF»WSouth.thiuk,W(-'(xl has bis muscle strengthened by theof the Government that stimulant wasvolsThe Convention will never secede from the Cft Platform. UnderthattherecanbenoAioli-ED«l.Brslight full s,the election of noey 'to trust tbe Convention people Inupimthis an! illIlaym \do it.evening last Hon.Governor in ids reply administers a severe rebuke tothe Northern nollllicatlon Stales, and shows that dere-Ucti<m on the part of the North Is the prime cause ofthe pKMOt-dasgerous trouble. He advises the people Would we not be in the wron'i":^ ' Wi.a. t , irecord or words, anJIsof the North to correct public sentiment at home and , discbarge their constitutional obligations vrlth strict tdelity. He then hidlcates his determination to de- iind the State, of Tirginla and stand as a mediator—K.>r..ii ,kio *_.. ,. .tract the country,goodUiiiik I may ventuielesaldolour advance in education, and eveiyihmgsame Interc st.tl at mat ks our civilization. Have we anyassura icewhich comes before the people bewns first or the ol the glory:request Legislatureto speak of matter.*^ of the deepest interest that can;ni tto slate some matim c»iuieeied with tbeir origin.1 shallbut let not the South, let us not be thegiuuudmy puipose to fefend thaai now. But It is proper1 1 • s to commit theel. cliunwiih this aggression. We went into thepeople. Tbe result was.iiffereutiiy can be mair"dalned without yet looking to the me of the objects was to- build up a coinmerclal last resort, the uftinia rofio rrgum." 'Thatshoullin their are heard, and 1 tellIn m what we wishedyou new 1 trust uqr ] e(-}le will abide by. I advUe tbe t^iiugbf a Gtna-veiition with tbe earneitdeslie to preserve tlieiiaaaa:election has t>eeii con- An eiictusiiiutionally held. Were weio make auoint of red<t- clusive ciirrsing tfa*.,e between our own This Cn Ibis;but theby giving American bottomaihe ex- not he lookeo to until all else fails. That may come. w batei rr that Convent on does. I hope auWM account, the record would be made up hereafter S(Kinstus.at ron plished. We have now an amount of sbipping,whichpreventresolutions In faver of resist-ance to Kotll em apgrtssinn. Three cheers were aie against the Constitution, ano that if he carries Fngland can no iuMcer be styled the MUtrewof the ask you, aspatiiots, not to regard it Afternightaiidpassedstronghutit is saidMr.Likcolr'bcountries,ur a by Uidividnals,f«»r the nian who hong Joh» Baoww. Cockadesareplentiful"nthestreetsto-day.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.LitC(vsiiluiionthenwillcomeourtimeIu act Dgivensiitidpaiea threatenedevil.ll.tpremises according toyouruwn conviction of duly^r. T«.aBE—1—wlU. [ Applause on tbe otber si Ja-lA QDIKT THANKSGIVING THK AMERICAN 8CNDAT sooner. I do not that Mr. LmoouiOr 8ou-J>. These, eu, mala grievances or grcunds ol CLniplaliil against the general extern of"aniiclpatethat makrshim use such anBCnOOL DKION, ETC.CnAakSSToir, Wednesday, Nov. 21.oil wlih theexpres»iuj, butttis willHem out it will be destructive of our L»t usue aud others whom hearing you have advise't with, act inolMy honorable friend said la.<t night I ask yon to1. 1 us break it because, he forsooth,'I' he tl'ink It would be lojuuiciuus and unwrse to do thisbaa eversti'utional checks wldch are thrown around which at this time lenders him to doIstrauin ol the Federal Government As to llieof tie Federal Slaus, I shalldeleiid our but and to the lastmiscblef. This shows thepwowiesrdloemssof any our sys-acts ones used against the com-••Thanksgiving pas-^ed off oith remarkable quietness.Tbe American Sunday School Union this morning un tem. 1 he President of the United States is no ^n- mintead. Now suppose furledawhitet>anner,withapalmettotree,fivestara lie'ror,noDictator—beisclothedwithnoabsolute tbeseareevli."inthesystem,dotheyoverbaiaitceandYou must refer this question lo the people and you must wait to hear from tbe men at the cross-roais Southern Border States for a consultation on the possibly concern us all of an earthly character. There ttuf-d to my honorab'e friend who addressed you last lis avoid II if we can. I trust the spirit is amongst us and even the groceries ; for the people in this coun-that South Carolina irust respect the demand of thtfus Is a surfeit (if lltjertv, an exuber.ince of the price-so much for us and the world, who can venture the—nolife—that concerns a free people so intimately as thatus the whether at the cross-roads or tbe groceries,Inis nothingqiiestionthis waythe Slates of New>York and Penntylvanlaor wl h this subject connectedthat win enable us to do it Leteiptriment. for if it fails as it did in Greece and Italy whethei In cottages or palaces,theenvironed with dilEcuities and darigers that tiireatened thc public peace and tbe very existence of society as now. I do not now appear befuie you at my own ia-Z]<ress my opinions, I shall say w hlch may Ije deemed too strong, let it be set down l6 the leal with which 1 aJvocaie my own There is with me no intention to irritate(,utu." ti.e siiive question now Is.to abolition rule or resistance?Now, in Uoor- who,knowingthat pairiotlsm could require..-^of the Sooth secede from the Union In conw quenceoftlieel<rtloaofMr.Li.ioolntoUieI'residenevery House from Massachusetts andaTney bet-Mr'My countrymen, I tell /ranUy, candidly ar,d larnettly, that I do not tkmkOnwas serenaded at Charleston.of the United Slates ?—FridayIihaithrt,ov;ht. In my judgmenty—would beandrpiato the h«lmetthe hishearersthatGeorgiabad i.^.bat tbeie were signs 0^ FlorMa, Ml«is- and North Carolina would (oon takeoffice, la sufficient cause for any State to separate from thestill In malntaiu-To make a pointhas he^n cousttutionally elected, putsprotectionout hi rot to ci of that. mplnlnMr. TucBES—1 he tariff assessed the duties.Mr. STrrBitrf—Yes, and Massachusetts with una-(jiiestlons. the werenoteietted Besides, Legislaturehere to do their du for sucn a purpose. They came yproniptiKS.c i.is and coneratulatingDian. that constitutionally chosen tohighby hl< , aiiii 1 believe every other Southern mui. So weuakeultis1 look uiion this country with our institutions as theVnion. Itins lilt Constitution ofEcenmnj be that outimie piosperous, but I am candid andresistance to the Government, to withdraw from itvoted with the South to lessenweie Diac'e just as low as Southern men' asked tliem to be, ano that Is the rales they are now at If rea- son and argumett. with experience, produced such),,„ ,,fu that I witlfout'Uffirlentevince shall take thatus m the Constltntron.and then Such a iMiurse v.ould be an Insult to the people. They would have to;I'liat » as;*;,ne"al.eady virtually. CVppla.ae];in evtiything, ajiilculture, commerce, art, science andwicng. We arcWa,.y„f ^^ have sworn to support itprosper- we will be- ctnoiis. and at no disUi.t day coininenee cut-'"^- '"' ""'throats. IsThis my apprehension,eat tbelr Ignore tbelr past history, blot platform.pledged— on the subject of the Tarltl, may not like ttisoneanotber'slet the act upon that vote ? Legislaturethis „,»iier8 upon his coumrymeu,go u.iwu. lei us oe lounton bv the at-ts of tbelr Leglsiatnres nuUlfylog the Fugl- floor. ipledge mywhat is perhaps almosttbev NeverThat people should dlstt^ree in reriub-pidned by 'he veteran tars ot America, and the objectof these boiiut.es was to foster mat branch of ne iiatiijial defence. My opinion is th^t whatever may thi.1 I.to them m the language of my honorable friend who addresseJ youlive.Isonceit intbeLegislature.We,thepeople,arethesover-pleasure but, believing tliat it is theBut the reason given for it was to ea- cuumge our young nien to go to sea and learn to man-We are1 thesailorsolNewEoglanJ. UurfrleuJstatedihat otherGovernment under whichnow. indeed, surrounded by evils.tered upon the public stage has the country been so ai niiniMiaiion of Soutliern Presidents. Well, these— reason for it at first no ex- coi:i>ecttd with human investigation, whether reliting ci-con'inued il>e louderists. A bill for this object did pass the Senate the laotluptedlate advanced as we have? 1ft iisLe ciiefiil. now beforeI said till * X8(i leverse of this. 1her which I would have I'uly respetnel at thetofecit-nceor humanconductis naturalnictto,time ail her sons Wisdom, Justice aadMostoftbeotherBanksfollowedsuitthismorning.A heavy penalty is attached by law to the refasai o free governments parties will arise. But a free pejole tiititited B eatiy,to woundthe feelings of anyHence,iuCotfrtss1wasin,towtiichmybonoablefrieuIwe rashex- attempt anyto maintain the»tt ad o(jjj—1 he lioii and the lanb lay (town trwether— Bkan il.ls leDiptailon (to so. Our first parents, ttie greatGromia Is going to submit to abolition rtiletI•Iam notafraiialluding;|wou d to God I could give yon act. tinges in tlie sentiments "'^'•<' 'ITM""" of a man to toofMassachusetts from I83iCi melet us therefore, whatever we do, meet tbese diffl-out their record?, and take steps backwards, if tney shouldbiu thuuaands were ot gruund.effort*"'""«"" accordance with the ]t£>7,changes be effectedot mv11. \ IrElnia were to save Hie Union. Tbe Union>1,!Jh,!^h?''''' '";'Fe'^^,a'n^e't'„"',y;e' i';,^:/;;;:-;'"j!,?' t^^ ^^^'s' ent vsjed question S^^^T^ri^^f—^----i^'^^-r^ilS:' ISDO Massachusetts maylike wise and sensibleand c.iiisider tbrm In the llghtof all tbe consequencesdo 'his.I have never eatenmy•\Miatk;ver fate isbid ar^umeiit. and appeals to patrio:isni oa the pres-rul Its aieal «s tbt y are,men, first clearly1to the li»twa.li also commenced under*the Adminispolicy law. and in direct disregard of their oon- proper sense of tbe term Is resistanr. B«"e,'J"« ''J,*'as dear as Ufe.Ani If Vlr-it ss blessiiigs for which we are ungrateful. Weibat similarresultswill notensue? Letand 1 believe if we pursue uie policy whidk I have indicated, this can be effected.ni^htlMr TuoBES) Goiernn cntnot rashly try tiy, are ailour sister Southern States Cin be in- duced to act wiih us, and I have out little doubt thatlie first was Ihebounties,1.MI in tbe South Americanand in arethesovereignsinthiscountry. Sovereigntyisnot everyaad tbeirsa'lur.-^, many (nursery,Itsi.1losayards, out ot it.'I e isiid of n.y birth. 1 bold tbe honorGeo-gia,Dimitythem,andtheyrashlySubmit the question to the peojile, whetherbut there are many reasons that dotbe border Suies sSould besl-He had these pre»«dpolicyanlprinciplesI uts us in the l/onffiankthe nations ofth*world.berights.If he violates theaoihoiiiy"three were tbe mainpower. He can do notlimg unless he is backed by outweigh tlie advantaiceE and great goou which thisT' cludeusbvan gotMioTSaVaim^l-greatIbi seCongress. Representatives in the bim.innumerablew that cannot be estimated ? Have we at the ays ncj|Eoutli, as well as thS Kortb, grown gieat, prMperouspoint Is bazartis, perfect eqiiaUtybe a of four majorityhim. tbe This, afterand under ba| pyHas of the any partrilcrles, under tbe Constitution of tbeIt Congiess should exercise its power against this, tl cn 1 am for standing where Georgia planted herselfcivil war.But a« 1 said, let us call a Convention of Ihe peoola-againstloss of BiSLiB, Fitch and others, by tbe unfortunate dissensions of the National Deurocraiic Party in theirItaapantlonTworld ever shown tuco rapid progiess iu tne develop-United States.bold.iiigh prominent, servative men in tlie Senate, should <o determine. like your Stone Mountain to which tne gentleman al-would aid ium, or allow turn to violate tbe Constitu- great fact of our unrivaled prosperity in the Union asPialloim. tliat would be such an act ofaggressionour Institutions, foundedernmt ate a upon prlueiples of (eif-cor-nt. failure ?1 bus far it is a noble example, ofworthy liiUatloa.The gentleman, Mr. C«bb, the other nlgut said it tawlthe ties of titlsnothing against us ? I have heard it mooted that uu problemalical. One the one side we can only put tbetbe ties of thestand upon the Georgia Platform, and upon every great A failure ?w bo ni ) oints to olBce ? Not the President alone app.jlatedhave lead, if need be. I would wait tions that isdisruptDisruptUnion,saysotoo. (lis-as he recounted tbe evils of thistopitulctlonbe doiie;;see and then weBut howwill It be under thisif arrangement re-fishingpalmostlyRepublics,Ohio,; t> eIrlend.What we would have lost in border wars without[Applause.]ior an act of. aggression. Tliis is mytrue, auu from that comes aDemociaiic Senate? iMr. Toohbs Interrupted, and Cur lonign tracie, which is the foundation of all our speak.AcQCBTA, Wednesday. Nov. 21.Both branches of tbe Georgia Legislature have BBECEiMiinoE.} Well, then, continued Mr. S., I ap- drove the pliates from the waters near our coast, legislative acts have attempted to nullify the FugitiveCixcmNATi,Wednesday,any article,andpricesareIU) vitws in a calm anu rlispassionate manner and If aie so sill nt and unseen that they are seldom thought may be true But still It is the duty of the States to aiy of youdiStr withme. you can on any other oe- oi or Siipreciated. Ceiiver fugitive slaves, as well as the duty of tbesaysaid If iiie Seuate was Democratic it was for .Mr. has prospeiity,the protectionofthe navy, which pursuetowards these Northern t^iaies, which their byhigterSlid. Let us be true to uur cause.Now when this Convention assembles, if it shall bein its iJclcnce.large cargo'of Baltimore manuf<ictuiesJor tbe Macon duty of every good citi'/eii to give his couirsels anl age slops. We had at Ihe lime but a small navy. It at once out of the Union, to disrupt every tie that Ihi.u principle of populfaoiunsdoavteiroenigonfty,ouhrowieusvteirtutuioun;s-.h duly—thistwhoeuyld be my Lope, if they should not, and(Georgia)Fair._FROM^ VIRGINIA.become tomanournavalships. Itrequirespractice to walk trie deck ot a ship, to pull tire ropes, to furl the salts, to Ro aloft, to climb the inast and it w^s;out at ibatume, we would have oeenCorstitutions are but the channels through which the thejoiaOXalBAL BCEFXSaiON Or 8PZCIE PAYMENTS BT— TBIBAKESorniCBMOND IMFOBTAKTLETTKSrftOM OOY. LXTCBZB.RiCBMOics, Wednesday, Nov. 21.aaiuranceol that have made ttie same advancement in niovenieiit and progiess in all that (xmslltutcs ma-unmakeas it is, if possible I will exhaust means thus every10mainiainitwithanequablyinit Myjslnelple*.saiiors;tie same luople that we arc to-day ? It may Depu)ularcan e from the people.amafraidofConventions.the Unioashould not be before >ouviews whenever the roiititry is in danger, as to the best policy to be pursued, 1 ant here. Fur these reasons,andtheseonly,do1 bespeakaculm,piiieiit aiid attentive hearingIbeiew ere many amongst us in 1 55(1 zealous to goas we. and that woul.l return to felr constitutional;frneielfniynot toappealtoyourpassluni,buttoyourreason, liuud governments can never be built up or sustained by the impulseofpassion. Iwishtoaddressmyselfloyour and if after hetr- lug you disagree, kt us agree to disagree, and part usby ofieili'g this bointy, a nursery be mightfact? Wouldyoutt rial wealth and prosperity that we have !can liclitfully Mr. TooBBS—I.Myobject is nut to stir up strife, but toallayit ;thought,toimeil in wnich >oung men would become perfccte.i iri tt>« se arts, and it applied to one section of the coun- tr) Bswell antouiiyoiher.— byI amafraid of Convention anyate theseto t)econie with life acr.uairiled seafaiing;toicy been carriedwill mav be expressed. Our Constitutionlican governments, upon questions of public policy. Isnatural. That men should disagree upon all mittcrs l<a> e been thereason at first this bounty ought Iu be riotic acvice. as 1 think, of some of that day.Icon-but il was not reached in tl e House peilnent uf this sort. I know that t'<ere are friendsto cht at tbe people by calling on them to elect dele- pMroedseernation. 1bywould bave her righU aad that of theoi Riprrsfntatlves.. 1 tru-t that he will yet see mat whose [.aiiiolism Iall thesegntes to a Convention to decide quesilintsoSouthern States maiutaiiied now upon these priad-pies. Her losilion now is just wliatit was lu 1b50,with to tbe Southern Sta'es. Herpiatform respectiheii has been adupted hy moat, if not all tie otner SouthernStates. NowIwouldaddbutoneaIdliloaal plank to that plaUorm, which I have stated, aad onehe mny wiih honor continue his connection with t'le( n.nif nt. and that his eloquence, uurtvaie-l in iheUnion a and that we would be better curse,eWilliut It 1 do not so thinksLi.ul a coir»cli"n oftbese evils which threaten—andmWw ithout any dictatipn or direction ?Go\Senate, may hcreifier, as heretofore,1 avii.g tid." bounty, so obnoxious to tilm, repealed andIi Ifwecanbringcheat the people by letting ablest an tramcled views in the choice of theirbete I ext evil that my friend complained of was thestioo w as the country almost as tearfully agitating1tje-t aU these maters, invjlvlugIn ll>32, when1 wa-» Inofas well as moial advancement and our colleges,eieiy depaiinitntm the Union on this account. And what have we ibli k. In the lace of such an exhibition, ifI[vole ••submission to aboliuun rule?"">«"'"»f """IT-'-^S*:iuSouth Caiollia. 1oruble fitted himself. Aud If it be true, to use the w lie led to believe that tbelr condition would t>ebon-f gure of sj ech of my honorable friend, that every tsrtdthere the same means—reason byhowever. All the«eand who can say that by IS75 or not vote with South CaroilQathey should vote to resist, and the Legislature shouldtWs vote as tbeir instructions? t-aus s. ceded, as theie was reason every^ t'anil Georgia upon all those questions that now ulimaynotand tnreaten its and ex st- ^ceiissen.blcwiihtell what sort of resistance will"as lerfectlTuair hopeless. [A^plau>e.]given>.readymyselftohi theirplace,destroyed,willotbers gothat here there Is popular sovereignty, while tneiruarme(({ pie majesty1 ol only coastwise, but to toreignview that Iiiicoi/sistent with the best interests of lieorgla, Icoyto tiike tbe swiud in hand,abeaa all "-r~^11-rB wiOaMUttooft-.ss. What Amencan is not proud of the result? \^bether those laas should be conduued is anotherig is certain > not question. But ono thttailopt«doroces, that is tbe time for us to strike. [ ^pplautfe 1 I tn. lilt teal. And my friend's efforts to get them re- grtat dangers ahead. Great come fromwill oo aiiyti.lngiojeoi'ard our satety or security, whatever maybehisspirittodoit : for heis boondbythecoa-him,may.NoitheibSoulbem,were mel wttu but Utile Norththe election I have dangers may LMcLB.and his Republican associates shall be car- ried out, or attempted to be carried out, no mvi inwill t>e moie or Georgia willingpealeu tl wera the true favor.UI Goveinment and It* workings—I mean tha admin-thanlights, interest and honor at every hazard,W«wi th» whatever itawJbikment of weallb, and all the niaterial resources of na-States. Mr. Ll^colJl cannot app.jint an officer witl- tional power and greatness as the Southern States In UjO. Tbese were plain propositions which werewSntLiout the consent of the Seuate—he cannot form a Cabi- i et w ithout the same consent. He will be in the con- dition of GxoaoB III., (the embodlmeutof Toryisoi.) wbo liad to ask the Whigs to appoint his Ministers, and was compelled to receive a Cabinet utterly op-presseri. ite whole 8«M» wfav«ice In favor of mtmtmn. mar ba atwtatmi^ltSfhave undtrtlie General Government, notwltlutandlng alliuuelects?ill spite of the General Government, that without it 1then laid down in her celebrated Platform as sufficient for the disruption of the Union if the occaatoo should ever come; un these Georgia has declared that she will KO out of the Unionpt^taeiu ona oaSLsaiMi. TbOBiB—Inlelleie 111 the power of tbetopetiple iimiiM^Mof itMr. Stxpbkbs—My honorable friend says we have,selves when wisdomLot k at what has airespiteanduiy been dona by them forsuppose be '.Idnks we might have done as wed or per-allisi.oibiig like it in the history of tbe world. TLnoeorkaI say tbe samepelled to ask of the Senate to choose for bim a Cabi- I sps better than we have done this in spite of it That Lincoln's policy shuuid be carried oat I have tuM net, if the Democracy of that body choose to put hiin may te, anu it may not be, but tne great fact that we yt u that 1 do not think bis bare election sufficient on such terms. He will be compelled ui do this or ls\e grown gieat and powerful under tbe Govern- cause ; but if his policy should be carried out in vio-eriunent—whether spitewe of the South would have beenand Iexpan e in nailuual power. Look ataoi potuiailin and increase in all that makes a peopleWhy we are the aliniraiiua ol Ut»brightest hopesnfdinlii|u!sl,td; 01 ourgreat part1 leie are defects In our Government, errors In ad- beardandsonasanyothercitizenoftheState. Youislaiures to recede from tuelr buetlle attibiideif tniafisl.li g bounties began under the rule Of a Soutnern miiiisiiatli n, and of lands, but in legislators, I speak it respectfully, are but our ser-to out sUyin theI iilnt' ; it prcbubly was not, and I hdve iioihing to say perih us. and requires to be met with the greatestcalmness and deliberation.is exercised by Kingsaiid favorel cla«se--.till ught best to encourage a class of our oeo de binds us together. Now do you believe, had that pjl- deildtd lately, Is tbe ilbegin-waslor of all Ipasled through, thisIsStates begnatthat we would, but have you anyTbey made U, and they alone it.em as you clearly perceive lor niaintalniug1 IK tice In thetaxable pioperty of Georgia is t670.0O0.U0a and uptbii.k this1 Iacri mpsny ttniitatlon.Um'ik'^ihepropositioofn unfairness, not l<>no Convention, but for the Legis- atbei ous and hapi ypeaceful,1prosjierity education, physical aud mental,'bat tliebeyesopenedAfter » lib which the LegislatureComptroller-General's reportcidewereall have the same object, the rae, i:o small part of the glories ot ttat war were l.as tern litarly If not quite doubled. The same miy cGheosrtgniaat the ballot-oox. But do not let the giiestiou (onimon countiv. In Snvanrah 1your good juJgment,that for the last years tbe material wealth of ihe people of Georgiaad we the earnest but misguided pat-wholr aud i.eit for that of Georgia country,speak presently,extremity. [Applause.]What is this policy ? It is In Uie first place, to ex-ui on theprehend iio ii.an cimii be Justly considered untrue where ihey had been buccaneering for centuries be- Slave law, I know that In some of tbese Stales tbelr calleu, us I hope it niay, I would say lu my ju Igment,l>eglnning.la believed, however, that tt>e Northern States will unanimously passed a bill to call a Slate Convention. to the interest- of Georgia or incur any disgrace, If fore, and mi^bt have been still had it not been for the acts pretend to be based upon ttie principles set forth wiihdut Glctaiion. for I am loulerring with you free Tpramptly repeal their obnoxious legislation, nullifying the Fugitive Slave act, and will meet the Southernis very httle deiitand for if« a satisOtclory guarantee to Slave property South little belter than nominal.tbe doctrine that the State officers estimate how it would have been under other clrcam- Congiess that tlie Federal GovernmeLt cannot im-STATE OF TRADE IN CINCINNATI.the in'eiests of Georgia required it. to bold au uffioe American Navy under the ct^mmand of such spirits asunder which a Breckinridge Senate had given tiim, I nmmi dure Pobtib. Noweven though Mr. Lincoln stionld be Presi lent [Pro- cur comnieroe flows freely outwardly, we r^unot wellki;ged applause, mingled with interruptions ] I tiu.^l,mycountr}nicu,youwillbestillau1In tbe esse of Puoo against Pennsylvaula; that de- and frankly, and it Is thus that I give my views, uNov. 21. All kinds of produce is greatly unsettled. There—which t;isiract tbe public mind shoul view all taa ;tgiouncs of sece'slun so far as the election of Mi.leason snd true putrlotisiM decide between iis. In myjudgment, 1 say, under such circumstances, therewi-uld be no possible disgrace 'or a Southern man toh< Id office. No man will t>e suffered to be ap,>olated, around us, and what Instant and appaling changes tions that they have passed laws which even tearfto stn, whii h hascouie tu us irum the mjther cuuiairy,and il meai-s an retwlll.Mi. I do iH>t openactofIt la aBderstood that South Carolina will endeavor The Money market is more stringent, but the de- giaii, I never would submit to any Black Republicaa streiel ing irom the Chesapeake to tbe Rio Grande, and in esse 11 be not done, we would, by these princi- should 1 e. left to exerclM: tlie duties uf his office.b* theIt la understood tliat the Virginia Legislature willsea how Mr. LiNCLU. can do this unless ne sajuld levy warujonus. Idonot ibeief ueuse me word ovait. My honorable friend wbo addiessed \ou last night we should have been far different fiom what we are What is to be done? By tbe law of nations you 1 do not iiitend tu wait for that but I use the wont aad may liave the efiect of allaying in come degree For Lard there is no demand, and pi ices are nom- (Mr. Tloiibb. ) and to whom 1 listened with ike pro- now. It is true there Is no ecjual part of the earth would have a right to demand the carrying out of this uncoi suiuUtDal act, which uur i«uplo uoderataad louudeet attention, asks if we would submit to Black wlib natural resources superior perhaps to ours. That article of sgreeaunt and I do not see tliat it should much tietter, and which expresses just what I meao. inal. Republican lule t I say to you aiid to him, as a i>eor- ) (iition of this country known as the Southern States, be otherwise with respect to the States of this Union, Uutasloiig as he conforms tu tue Coustitutloa behalf oMtr. Lnicouc, has given great satisfaction here, holding bark, lotvking to a further decline.Gtneral Government," but It mav be that without it\L» Sovthem until feelingCongresscan act. /te teedpilale the issue as soon as her Convention as- eranMsia Q.uggresf-ion upon our constitutional rights. I aIU nev- Is fully equal to the pictuie drawn .by the honorable ples, have the right to commit acts of reprisal oo these In git h.ig this advice I am but sust)imlik,< tbe Coi^ er consent myself, as much as 1 admire this Union for and eloinjent Senator last night In all natural capa- laitbless Governments, and seize upon their property, stiiution ol my conutry, and I do not iheniby btwome the glories of 'the past, or the blessings of the present clilts. But how many ages and cenruries passed or that of tbelr citizens wherever found. The States a Lincoln Alt. man eitner, [appiauseo but a Ctxisttta-mand is not pressing. First-class paper sells at 12'S15 ^ cent.Sight Exchange on New-York is firmer and may be onuAL (veniigioN or eficie pathdtts bt quoted at )i fcent premium.as much as It has cone tor the p.- opie oi all these before these capacities were developed to reach this of this Union stand upon the same footing with 'or- States, as mm h as It has done for civilization, as much aovanced stage of elvillzation T 'There tliese same eign Latlons in Ibis respect But by tbe luw of nations as the hopes of tbe world hang upun it, I would never hills, lich in ill e, same rivers, same valleys and plalos, we are equally bound, before proceedmg to violent sutimillo aggretslon upon my rights to maintain it are as they have been since they came from the hand nieasutee to set foith our grievances before the of-tional Aid man. But this mailer the ConveullgB eaa^ dt tennine.As to ihe other matter, I think we bare « |Uf ^FROM UARYLAND.doingdptMiaB of saqiensiOB. TbU loetawe rell«ve« the cent, a month, and the test seeurliies declined any My cottDtrymcn. I an aerwi tbo»»»aai >« jM« ia IM» wMHnprMlrall akr ekanaidrialic* oT devalopoMat tecoButuiui tbe tuae course.i think,ibeiefuie,thatitwoul bebe>tbeforegoingtomanhiBts, 1&. of whom have thus far escaped failure. Tirgialat North Carolina and South Carolina Banit note* are at-ten ger cent, discount. Stocks to-day areaverage of k per centPENNSYLVANIA BANKS. Pnii-AnKLPHiA, Wednesday, Nov. 21..'ueii of entertain dlfferei^t views from me fertile soil, the same blue the same inlets and integrity, sky,; our Committee on the State of the make Republicmake of our pieseLtationreason and jutueuanua, to appeal to tbairbut will advance to-morrow under the relief of susprnslon.Mr. LiKCoiK's Springfield speech makes no impres- sien here. It gives no confidence regarding the SoutherndUEculties.obligations. I would be for retaliatory measures, such as the Gov-ihey r^asa, •anehaaged,^]The brokers of this city refuse to day to take world of B human origin. Notbiug connected with J lesceiioai.ts of the same people Inhanlt the countrythe notes uf the Bank of Commerce at Erie and the Pittston Bank.knuwwhat andif your grievances are,I have a rumor of a recent conference betweenprominent South CsroIiniaDS and Virginians, which,if true, gives hope that the Southern question willprobably yet be adjusted through a unanimous Cunven- have suspended pa}ment to-day. Uonof the Southern States, thus avoiding the neces-all Ichaboo is written—wi'hwould have thai Conventl.in to do.call the Legislature together, but it is universally be-ifgo, foil, wing the sun in its circuit round our globe, to caused it ; and, my countrymen, if we shall in an gentleman, the other night, (Mr. T. R. R. Cobb,) ad-anyihli.gin which any pt.riiun uf u'lr peopie oiay chatge us with rnsh or hasty ac.ion. It is certaiaiy a matter of great Importance to lear this Goveminent a-under. You were aot s^nt here for that purpose. I woi.lo wish the whole South to be united if Iblsla-to.;iREPORTED SUSPENSIONS AT NEW-OR. LE.ANS.j.ni! lest men for !eglslRior>, and howmanyhighwhich have outlived the language they spokeJs'ew-Obleanb, La., Wednesday, Nov. 21. It is reported that several produce firms uf this citydestroyed.einn:eiits than any other on ti>e face of the earth, is forms of Gt'vernment, the matrix fiom which theirKeafbrm the Piaifut m w lib an GeorgiareaenlnilTrB of Gear([la> Wedncaday £TcnlDg, Nov. 14, 1S60.—but, if possibla.sa-Ur. Stefdens entered the Hall at the hour of 7I'liiuu 1as been a curse up to'tid- time. True men, andgieainess.Look at Greece. Tliere is the sameLet us, then fore, not act hastily fn this matter. Xettztrcii.« BM-a-iuea with oar conleiiarala MaSai, toin the sir we breathe, and yet let this simple unseen and uufeit agent be withdrawn, this Ute-giving ele- ment be taken away Irom this all pervading fluidNorthern States, on entering into the Federal com- pact, pledged themselves lo surrender such fugitives ; and it Is In disregard of their constitutional obliga-pass retaUatory measuri s, prwt^ they b« in uword-- TBIBAUUIOKB BAMKil—A ROMOBSD CONriB- The currency market is very unsettled. The notes It nger ; and if they cannot be uiaintaiueJ in the of tbe Creator, uneducated and uncivilized man fending Government, to give them an opportunity to aiice with the Cohsiituilun of tne UnteJ S«a ea, aodof the Bank of Virginia and its branches are thrown Union, standing on tlte Georgia platform, where Iroamed over them for bow long no history Informs us. redieis the VLiong, Has our Stale yet done this? I ; It was only under our institutions that they could be think not1 think ihe) can be made sucn. But whether it wonkl be wise for this Legislature todoihianow Istbeqiies-nCB—A SOUTESSN CONTENnON TO BX OE- ABDBD.ment, what would be first done? In that case ourTlw Cashiers of all the Baltimore of Iowa and Missouri Bank* at 5 ft cemt. discount of Georgia In this Union, or I will look for new siifs- Even our people without these never would have Minister wtyuld be directed in the first Indian ^ to bringh g about a peaceful solution of the qoeatloa.BUTiHoai, Wednesday, Nov. 21.Wisconsin Banks at 10 V cent discount, and the notestogether.i will have equall'y for Georgia and for the citizensernnieut and institutions under which we have lived.out at 10 f) cent discount;have stood from the time of its a<1op>ion, ( would beis the result of the Suppose it |V, ere Great Britain that had violated lion. Td thethe notes of liiiaois and iu favor of 'ditrupiitig everytie w hicn bhids the StatesTbelrPresidenta^and puarde eltewbere. This is ray position. The only done it 'The organization of society has much to do bring the matter to tbe attention of that Government,Bank* assembled at the Cashier's Room of the Union THE PHILADELPHIA MONEY MARKET. question now, is can t>e secured in the Union. with the development ot tbe natural resources of or a Commissii^ner be sent to that (Mimtrv to open ne- they any—Thus old Gen. Jauxmb iu the case of theHe cid nut leccmroend lepri^als until be bad traataA with Fiance, anu got her tu piomise to make tndcm'1 bat is what I am counselling with you to-night or couxitiyland. The insiimtions of a gouations with her, ask for redress, ano It would on'y people,anyBaok, to-nigltt, and unaa^ously agreed to suspend PBiLAi>il.7iiiA, Wednesday, Nov. 21 Evening. about Can It be secuieo? in my judgment it may poll leal and moral, are the matrix in which the germ be argument and reason bad been exhausted In vainspecie payments to-morrow morning. Considerable The money market was exceedingly stringent to- be, but it may not be; bullet us do all « e can. so of thi ir oigauic structure quickens into life—takes tbai we should take tbe last resort of nations. Tnat ulfit^tion, aiid It was only cn her refusal to pay UM that ii. the future, if tbe worst come, it may never be root and irvtlopei In form, nature and character. would be tbe course towards a foreign Government, Uioney which she h«d promised t lat he reeouimkKlad«ped« waa, wjtbdiawn to-day, in araall sums, in anti- day. Call loans could not be touchwl less than 1 per suid we were negligent inour duty to tbe last Our iasUtuttabs coHltltuta the basis, the mUriz, from aid towards a member of this Confederacy I would rtprisals. It was after uegoilatitm bLJ laiiej. Idtrdevelopmententerpilse of our people under operalions of the Gov-Cuuveniion, in my judgment, tbia mat* ter ought to be lelerred. Befoie we cummtt repriaalt on New-Eii>!land we should exhaust every means otdeveloped.seme compact uf agreement with the General Govern-tl<al tlie coast is i^lear. thatpioclaimque^iaaI think njt Well then,do not intend to question, whoMr.Stepbenb—Now,myfriends,howare«egoing—look around and see our(illSCI u ? Tl e Tariff no longer distracts the public c lun- w Itlout tbecils. Utason bas triumphed! The present Tariff itiest. lemain In the Union, it is ourduty to ourselves on till these questions? I think not Now who in w.'is voted (or by Massacliusetts and South Carolina. and to pistcilty to—let us not too readlly^leld toolle^t-., question. .v to the' yield"e"d" —Ii.slesd ol beconiliig gods they only saw their owntil tI.e world, the paradise of ue universe. Itss legislators. Tbev haveswora t» the Cun- supportoftear If weam therefore for lo a Convention of theMr. Burn, »id .1 1« to Vlrsluia,cause cmlng ;lraterpeople. Abolition rule or Ibty wruld subn il toiwirs^r ac. oiiiit .irfntice you whywhich msy atttnd our action. wl'eie the patli of duty leads,therein.Let usStallthev would, tbe -Union was not only (tone,feiir to tiead'«rce. 1 believe in the power and efficiency of truth. I come now to thheasmabienenquaesskteido.n pTohtatto mIse,whaantdtohne BOinye man would say secedebeanother p-o-s '"*?";heen Theiusteadofialebewe 11 e oiiinloiitakingthat Virginiastep.wouH be tbe battleor more becoming gods,resist,!us our if iilumpb, enottgb to Nor will 1 uncertake to say that this Government of '.ic!"' IU' in nature the same old Greece—but it is gunitiit shall be tried in vain— all shall fail to induce coionill rej-risals, and we shouid br|.,ustlfted la theL-n this subject. 1 do not question their right to do haibirs, the same Egean, the same Olympus ,out a bill of grievancesthere >M ;1 would not impugn their motives in so doing. Is tbe sanie land where HoHxa sung, where PxaioLES;rea-oii sboulejesof a civlilzeu world. At lea^i itt uie. S,atea.ur fathers is eriect There is nothing perfect in this livfi jthem to return to their constii.utionalg'Greecedomore. [ApplauseI'uman natuie, Irom man hlrakeii to auv of};;, works. tet what is Ihe leason of this difference ? In ernor has suggested to you. This mode of re.«lstanccIn the Union is In our It power.yotird..rc>-ts are api^ureut in your laws ?jetAnd it is so iu our—not, let tne re.-por stbiliiy consequent's rest upon them.upon their glory has departed. is this so? 1 answer, their institutions have its ('elects, cc mes nearer the objects of ail good Gov- I ten Tbtse were but the fruits of their[Si ine one said tlie argument was already ex- hai.sird.]Sir. Stu HEKs continued— Some friend says that the argunient is alreacy exhausted. No. tny friend, it istil. n let theth.-y them,andGi vrrrn-.tntBut Itiat this Government of our fathers, ivith alllh<sity of South Carolina's secesoion. Senator HuRTia AN INFLUENTIAL VOICE FOR THE UNION. the i.ext I est, 1 grant ; but 1 think we have Improved siaik to kinule them beie again, any more than in cal'edto this subject lately.ask all States South tu do the same thing.I am tor exhausting all that pat lotisui can demasdif said to be one party to ttiis movement Prominent Georgians and Alabamianc, It is understood, are in the Eecret.The latest advices from Columbia say that Gov. Gist 1* consulting the leading men of the Cotton StatesregardinghiscomingMessage. Thesecession •xcitement it unabated.beloie taking tbe last step. I wuuld invlie, therefore,SPEECH OF H0\. A. H.STEPHENS,t;mlgiitythe midst of present degradation we see the gloriousbeiihd if, in the last resort, we would oe jusiifiel iu the\i.u may select the wisest and best men for yourJut'^'is, and yd how niaiiy detects are there in thetil iidiastraticri ofjusiice r You iiia> select the wisest rni nis and inscrlntioi s that excite wonder and iidinl- eyei: nations, only separating them, but[Applause.] if this coursefia; neiit-ot anc ent works of art—temples with oriia- raiion —Ike lemauis of a once order of civilizationbe pursued,m Whycuuset]iience8 of thel>e;i said, 1(1 us uur under the Cuntuiuuou of {.ive rlgiituour o-t.niry, 1 should tie wl ling as a Itdt i^^sort tosever the ties of this Unhn,thatsal, ti.ese states will sece e, but ifAnt'Uit r ihin^ Iaddiuoual plank, in It. Let that plai.k be the fulfilluieut ol tne oillga- niyseitUd comciion. C'ntra-tit now with any on gland development sprung, and when once the iasti- islatuicsof those States to this subject, that I nm tiou on the pan of tiiuse Suies tu repeal these oonox- the late of the earth. [England, s^di Mr. Toombs] tutitns oi a people have been destroyed, there is no aware of. Nothing has ever been done before this iuus laws as a couditiuu uf our remaloiug in the bTKii:iNS—England, my Irieitd s;l>s. Well, that is taiiliiy power that can bring back the Promethean } ear. "The attention of our own people has been Union. Give tbtm lime toconsiJer it anl I wouldLegiij on England. Statesmen tried ibeir ..pprentlce hand that ancient land of eloquence, poetry and song. [Ap- Now, then, my recommendation to you would beon II e Uuvernment of England, and then ours was plause.] this, in view of'^all these questions of difficulty, let an.Hde. Ours s{)rung from that, avoiding many of its 1 he sume may be said of Italy. Where Is Rome, convention of the people of Georgia be c tiled, to Soulti Caiolina to a couferent^i i wuuio ask tikfr Ce (CIS, taking most of the good and leaving out many on< e the ndstress of tbe worlo ? There are the same w hlch they may be all referred. Let the sovereignty same of all tbe other Southern States, so that if theDelivered Id the Ball of thc Honac of Rr;>» of its errors, and from the whole constructing and st^en bills iiow, the same soil, tbe same natural re- oftheptople speak. Some think that the election of evil has got beyond our control. wld>:h Gtjd.tn hisuntying jp this uiodel nepublic—natureisthcsame,butwhataruinofhuman Mr.LincolnIscausesufficienttodissolvetheUnion.tbe best which the history of the wot id gives any account of.sourcesgieainess meets the eye of the traveler throughout the It ii^th and breadth of that most down-trixlden land !meit-y, giant may not be tbe ctse, letus not be di-Compare, n y blends, this Government with that ofSpain. Alexico, the South American Republics. Cier-many , Ireland. Are theie any suns of inatdown-trod- riin.e the spirit that animated their fathers r Why Eoeswietrancy in saying that the Legislature is not the justify our action and. with the wrong all on tbet'.tn natiin here to-night ?—Hrus-ia, or if you travel ihis sad dtffeience? proper body to sever our Federal relations,The Governor of Maryland has been petitioned to P. M., and was greeted with long and rapturous ap- luither East, to Tuikev or Chini. Where wilt you It is the destrucllon of her institutioBS that has ctssity should arise. An honorable and distiuguisbed us in our cause. [Loudappiau-e.] But let us not dothis course—not to wait to bear from lieved that he will refuse, thinking it unnecessary. FiLLow CiTrsENs : 1 appear before you to night at ith pe(>ple,und secures to tliem the blessings we enjoy? tit ns which tbe patriotic band of our fathers labored the cicss-roads and groceries. I say to you, you hiveplause. He rose and saidWhyhave not thepeopleof that Heaven-favoredthat tbe IcEEllydis-am of her proud., people. .to vote on a>nwtioPtuildbandot be Unicohannogtedd.isunion,quoeu-ttlit »;o"u>,ld.•bJo,fJlWiTMU* Ill tbe onuipoterce of truth, and Its ultiuuite triumph whirh BIT c unsel view of neosures; these are measures of resistanc•'e'"*"*':;,,« von to the N.irih, rnenfe<. or will you go t»wwielded. [Applause.)Aiicthtr matter of pievance alltidel to by my,,„ ,,t LepislalureBboulddoin thedAogcraand the that have been done wronj-ltgliiroate and right-andthere a?ai'i_i go yo?ur friends, /""»»« »» «/ the Sou n, irieuos Myenl.ciioroble friend was Ihe navigation laws. This nil hv Heslstaiice don't mean sec««iofr--that InI11atthsrcevaetreanlosf,ourconfewdreornagtesStatesIntheUnion,manydifferentideasasthereareme"*"*?^"'",^'',^".'^"n^'oJtrmthatyViorugriniau-iInilH^-itnltthen.IVOMdrnpeily,Doment siandlni on the deck with theas anaad BMdiator> if Deccaaary—hetweea tba Sonth- •f the United States waviiug over our heads. [ vp. well, and liaa been continued through all of them sUtutmaal obUgattoBS, What 1 sbaU say wUl not be the times require action, I am for presenUngThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CousiituiiVnof ..ne of three Southern Presidents wno ruled so tli p Utavethe quesUnenttitlred Daoctumis ground for hope.hamthliicB to b< e violent n easures11anymay present in your judgmentno Prgsloentyet recommended ol the Le, islature present. There are, as I have said,:as patriots. I speak now to the members particularlyand for these she would be just ined by tbe iiatlons of tlie earth In so doing.prevailspassion is sUent1^uitingsuch a___^___,do not. Then with these we would oatlielrmasters. Powerresides with ttiepeoplein this;position, Now. upon anouier point and that the most difficulttroubles. [Prolongedappianse.]No, there is no lailure ui this Gotrmment yet Wacision dioHie i.ot bound to carry out theprovislons of a law ofshould take into conslderailuo all thoseState officials—that cutetbelrownlawshytheirownofficers. AnLiNtiiiN IS coucirnid, and I bave no dtMibtlet it be sent by the Gov- ernor to those faithless States, and if reisoh' and ar-loig;motent giveit will beritghitmse. Tueo,of not in from bv iisji.g fore".MyoHbopiniuDrot. YouhavenevercalledtheattentionoftheSome thir k those other grievancesto vided bmoiig otusrlves—cuie the united co6i «. atjou of all tlie SouUtern Stales ; and thtn. In the face of tt^ civilized world, we may;are suffi,icnt dissolve the same, and that tbe LcKlslature has the thus to act and ought thus to act. I have no[cheers.]country.The great difference between our country and allcht se bi out m they stay they gutMr.Stephensnot people.:chosen greatquestionsaffectingUnited States was madellves of the people. Tne Constitution of the State oftbecept by representatives of the people.wayright fair getting an eipre-wi^nof toe pop'Jlar will wiiyoiINDICATIONS. SOUTH CAROLINA.TooHES—The Convention will.Mr. Stipbibb—No, my friend, Georgia will neverI know no fundamental lawsFirs themaintenanceofthe ,putWill you submit to abolition rule oiwhicti 1 1ever did, that Imovedand Btilullon of the Uiilted States. They did not c ime siPil AlabamaGovernment all these que.<stions1In seceding,;to de- ex- The Constitu-hongr, equalllv, tlie security.and tbe glory of uiynightMr. TooBls—I do not wish the peonletobechea'et. histoiy,of l.er pre.'eiit standing, I am proud even ofof my honorable friend had a"'lconsiderable smSckI'e wished to have If all ihis fails, we shalllatute to submit their volt to the people submission tlon of that we have done ourduty auda.!and ol( tbeState. Ishould islikelaw.gGimvie me Ibe sword, for il you do not give It toiM.Hies, 1 will take It mi self." .MMr. Stifulics I have no doubt that my booatabto spoken of. If thd policy of Mrs frleidftelEaEhesays. Itisouly tusezin-astteardorratspeopleIbat he will bow to their willthis State should anu 1 caini t but hope that we shall advancemighteffecual,theyihey electloa of no maa i~ a sufficient cause to breas up the U uitMi, but that the State should wail until he at least doea soitoe aa-Ithis wouht ihat the constliuiionalexciteoient of the hour.majesty shall speak. 1 have no doubtsober second thoughL." [Appl»qi«i i fcliould Geuigla determine t .*•'call befall Is afieepeo|lelet all U ese matters be submitted lu it, and^ilit^f a majority of the people has Iknsl^^u-then atvancenient mthat ennobles man.abioad li.m cne extent ol the to Ibe < countryLock at ourovert is a sort of technical term cnuticied wUbtraft-isand they ate informed ol tbe iMin.sequences of refu-shouldthat ne utl.er she. we can appeal to the God of aattles to aidSiidoie Statrs aud v\t»t*rn Slater do uotus. we stiould at least bave an undivided South. Itherights,theuative SlateintheUnion butifthesecannotbemiintaineJInthe ;opinion,in ,116" _... .,,^..„i,„ r* !_...., If «..« .ir sixIlife lor It. although I nave alreade ptoitaed.•Uf*> Aof our me t*saybyFieaeb.fi^je'u'ev^e but Us re- Iheques-/ www.fultonhistory.com 