 >. a*.somber of rifle shots fromj sad it is surprising ty-fourth street, north side, between Fifth an ' Sixth ayenonaeiisical jokes result in the most serious consequences^ and we have known "pistols and coffee" for two to be the not unfrequent denouement. Latterly the sport of foolhours, and then went to my sister's; one of my boarders westwithhtm;tiledtotalkwithhim,butcouldn'tmake him understand; be kept repeating that he had beenThe Convention to amend tbe 'Federal Constitution still continued lis deliberations, and had appointed a commis sien to report upon some of It* provisions. Much variety*jBsa> emsaw a nams^B"*^^B^^^Mummer, First infantry.Reopening of Baraam't Museums-Grand G a l a D a y — F i r e w o r k s , ifcc.This popular place of amusement, whichhasbeen closed for a few days to enable the proprietor to repaint and otherwise decorate the interior, wss re opened yesterday underthemost'flatteringauspices. Mr.Barnurn, who, after having undergone various business difficulties and survived them all, has token possession of bis old stand,affecting scene, for it was evident that his such an extent as to render locomotion extremely diffi grief was real, and cot assumed. ' After the Courtshot through it t j m * ! an, aw lup,whi'e the tides ofthe steamer arartddtodlaeverydirection,aadtherlggtogrerybadlyRev. Mathew Bale Smith will preach at ha if past ten A. M. Bar. H.6. Guinness will preach at half-pat three and half-pensevenP.M.appendages to the men's coat skirts, perpetrating cruel storks about the arrival of rich cousins from California, withbagsoftheauriferousmetal,andsendingpeopleextra- ordinaryletters,containingextraordinaayintelliaence,andwill eave No. 28 Pell street at one o'clock in the after- noonforCalvaryCemetery,wherethedeoeasedpstobe interred.outwpkWehaveBuenosAyrespaperstothe7thofFebruary—'TSOOPB—TBnmWTBiJW*'nrroMnxico—<JOLLI- avenue,Philadelphia.tothecommencementofHolyWeekamongsttheEpisco- saidbewasafullbloodedIndian,andnotmixed. Said SurgeonD.CDeLeon}MedicalDepartment,andanex- fieetincreaseoutnumberthecoloreddeaths'- No. Well.SION O* aHICAN AND OTCTOD STATES TROOPS.We are aador obligations to Adaaas k Co.'s Express for » of tae regular mail, datedpersof thatdate oontaina broughtby thesteamerAriicoa,from 21, which arrived the day pravioua, area of tbe war on law Borders of Texananditha sasoal correspondence up In brief terms additional facta ioftheUnitedStatestroopsintt has been unusually quiet , however, tat rather that op-'The Westminster church, of BufT*!o, has extended a call to the Rev. Dr J Towne, to-(HI the pulpit recently vacated by Rev. Mr. Corning Dr Towne .has quite re ceatlyresignedthepastorship of St Peter's church,Ro- cheater.Bev. Jacob Post, of Manliua, N. V., has receivedand accepted a unanimous call from the EvangeiiQ&l Lutheran church, in Rome.The call extended to Rev. I. C. Thatcher, of Middle bore',tobeoomepastoroftheCongregationalSocietyla Gkraceater. Mats., haa been accepted, and that he will probably commence his ministrations oh the third Sab- bath ia April.that he sailed in boat and had been wrecked w ay oft. tension for four montbi leave is graatod to Captain J. P .then, are they even equal? No; for although tite number baa been trebled, still tbe excess of death* over tbe births n no leas than three hundred and twenty, or more than double.Tbeinevitable conclusion tt whichwe mustarrive in view of tbae figures is that the sotored population of New York is dying out rapidly.THE METROPOLITAN COLORED PRE33. Withapopulationofbetweeatenandeleventhoiaand, men, women and children, more than one third of whomperiodicalsto question are a n of ths mnttabialag descrip- tion, although in some respects they would hear a o n partoon with several ef the other hebdesnadato publishediea ass a ^ w a a ^n»TM*ae> Cant atoneaana, Negra, thirty-fir* miles above da la Mean, where they weretbeeesnnaadofFirM Independent church, In Baltimore, on the iStfi ult.adjourned he expressed a desire to speak with them, butcult, except to fhe male portion of the visiters. ThelaElizabeth Leete sworn—Am daughter of last witness; recognize the studs shown a s belonging to my brother; rseogniz*thecollaralsoasJonathan'sapplauded in a manner that must have been grateful to himthem for tbe manufacture of political capiat The head- quarters of these abolition publication* in this oty • > 48Beekmanstreet;aadasitpossesses manypoiaaof peculiar interest, a daguerreotype of s^a^o^awsa^s-ra wtU enwith Comae*andh»means eary to dip or Hamerso, where Baptistsfln 1 the authOTMy for tnatog the subject out of the water after plcngag him to; whereupon the Jrtttustjjfrf Btptiti an- swers the question by asking, " if tt means to pour, what author uy have Peao Baptsu to stop pouring when th#y ears hasmaT**atlhreeP . ,athah*pastteaA M.,1MtheirM., fori_LVE t'•¥"•• i\\ wfr"KTSAT< H„Mrs. Cora L. V. Hatchwill deliveradisooun-einthe Hope chapel, 720 Broadway, this alternoou and evening, commencingathalfpastthreeandhalfpastseveu<>clockfet-med fatigued, and wanted to say all night; his strange actions made me afraid ef liim, and I told him I could not Stephimover night;saidhewasan Indian,askedhim 1! he could talk Indian, as my husband coald, and I would send for him, he said never mind, or something like that; offered me twenty cents to pay for his lodging; I told him I did not wish lite money, as he wasapx>r man and amilitarycommander of that department (Colonel1/x-) has caused orders to be issued to the officers command ing Fort Mason Camp, Colorado; Fort Arbuckle and Fort W*gbita,toholdthemselvesinreadinesswith their seve ral commands to respond to a caU from Major Thomas, ?tcond cavalry, for the purpose of uniting iu a general scout through the country nortwest from Camp Cooperupb?theprolific natureofthat c'assofour population. Let u* see how the births stand with regard to the deaths. Weneednardly saythattheyshould bemorenumerous than The death*. How i* it f In tbe table giving "the return of birtb* in the city of New York for the year ISM,' w e , find that the total number of colored male and female chil- dren born in that period w u sixty tao, which Is about one IINVITATIOKS.Rev. Robert L. MoMuiran, late of Prince Edward cointy, bat accepted a call to the Presbyterian (X. S.) cburch at SbepherdKtowa, Va. *castaway;hereplied thathebad plentymoney,saidhe audborderingtheWachitaand Red.rivers. Itistobe birthtoevery eightdeaths ButitmaybesaidthattheJV its ongn reasonably explained. Some suppose it to bd had been in Newark two weeks; he then laid down on hoped that this movement will put a stop to the many births are not correctly registered, for tbe same report'North church, ia Boston, ha» accepted the invitation of the First pariah in Watert>wn,to become tlwir pastor and has already entered upon his dutiesderivedfromtheabductionoftheSabinew-omenbythe theflooraudwenttosleep,-orpretendedtodoso;onceas•b >ws that while the deaths In the white population nun. b<red •:>/&«. the births were only 13,340 Well, we will admit that thry are inorrect, but we will take tbe lib ertyoftreblingthenumberotbirth*amongthewhites, which will give us about 40,000 for 1M8, or somewhat more than 110,000 over andabove the deaths. Having done thia, we will, apply the same rule to the oo ored births—that is, we will multiply sixty two by three wh'cb willgiveus1S0.Howtoit,nowfDocoloredbirthsbythisTheRev.TheodoreF.White,aftermaturecoasilera ticn. has declined the call given him a few months since by the Second Presbyterian church or Meurham, Vew Jersey.Rev. Frank L Robbina. of Cincinnati, has received and acceptedapastorateofGreenHillchurch,onGirariRomans under Romulus, at the feast In honor of Naptune, which oscurred on Insist of April; others trace it fron themockeryofour8aviourbytheJewB,whttleetil! others ascribe it to the act of old father Noah in sending out the dove from the ark before the waters of the del lge had subsided.TOECHOtCB'SFIBS*!'OFAPRIL,ORPALMSCNDAY,I went near where he lay I saw him counting bis money, depredations committed by those marauding tribes, whoa? 1 suppesed, and as I came up he tried to hide it; he have been a terror somo time back to the peaceable set stayed at our bouse all nigtit, ana left the next morning tiers in that locality.beforeseveno'clock. "Isr CaptainWhiteley,OrdnanceDepartment,hasbeenwilling topromote P.M.of Broadway and Twsatuth streets, a t naif past eerea P. M. Bar. 3. L. Hatch will dtacourae on" The Popular Superstttion of a Personal Devil."The aecoad Uaiversanat Society, Dr. Sawyer, pastor, worahips in the Historical Society Building, corner of Se-munlon this morning, when an appropriate discourse will and was sent home. She escaped from them during the night, and was found sext aorning in the cow byreThold-Vroosa, at Jersey Qty, ia presence of a large assessblage. long Kfore the hour for the court to open the Sidewalk in front of the prison aad tao sta:rs leading to the court roan were dessely crowded, s a d a s soon as the doors opesed the room was immediately filled to its utmost c a parity.Jaekalow maintained hto usual"cheerful exprawkm offrom New Tcrk, during (he pan week, t9 be presented b yhim to the Legislatufe:—To rax Boxonaain ran L suisunrss or THI STATE or Raw Toaa:—cond avenne and Eleventh streetpastteao'clock a. It,andhah*pastseven P.U.Com- friend hadnocontroloverner. Shebecamedelirious,rs*< onoertutnl*bookmayberepealed. Webehovethemtoashe delivered; also, preachmg in the evening.Rev. 8. Remington wffl preach and baptise this morn- ing, at half peat ten o'clock, ia the Mount olivet Baptist of Sixth avenue and Forty ttrst street. H e win preach again in the evening at half past seven o'clock. At three o'clocarin the afternoon he will extend the handof feliowatip t t a large*number of new members and a i the communion.The Ray. Dr. Mahan will preach before the Young Men'a Association, at S t Peter s church (Twentieth street, b e tween Eighth and Ninth avenues,) this;eveaing. Servioca to commence at half-past seven o'clock.Urban C Brewer, the Evangelist of the Church, will preach in the Disciples' meeting bouse, in Seventeenth street, immediately west o f Sixth avenue, to-aay, at half pat ten o'clock A. M., and half pen seven o'clock P. M. Subject-"ttoaw a Type of Christ"'The Romish Row o f Faith, with i a Insonalstencies and Intricacies, ' wffl be dulv considered by Rev. Dr. McMeaa- M a t t e , in the Metropolitan Assembly i, 178 Prince street, this evening, at half past seveno'clock.Mr. Frothmgham win preach at the hall northeast cor-ner of Broadway and Thirty second street, this morning and evening, at the usual hours- Subject for the morn taf—"Pah* Branches and Hosannaha." Subject for the evening—"liberal Chrtrtianity a Progressive Faith."The New Jtruaatom church (Swedenborglan) will hold public worship this morning, at Gohlbeck'a Music Hall, 76o Broadway, at half-past ten o'clock.The ProMaant Episcopal Miston church, Clinton Hall, pace,inchargeoftheRev.RobertG.Dickson,willbolddivineservicetoday,athalf.pasttenA.M.andhalf past seven P. MBar. H. Qratan Guinness will preach this morning at half-past ten o'clock, in Brooklyn, corner o f Fulton a n d Clinton streets, late Dr. Spencer's; and this afteraoon at half pent'three, and evening at half-past seven o clock, at theCooperInstitute.Elder Si a Snow, Interpreter of prophecy, will preach in Union Hail, No. 163 Bowery, to-day, at three and half- pan seven o'clock P. M Afternoon subject, " The True Character of Modern Spiritualism;" evening, "The Tower of Babel considered as a Type of Christendom. 'The French Protestant Episcopal Church Du St. Esprit, comer of Franklin and Church streets, damaged by fire in December last, will re-open to-day. Divine service at half past ten o'clock; sermon by the Rector, the Rev. A. Verren, on verses 7, 8 and Oof the 139th Psalm.' i f God's Moral Perfectlone do not Procure the Sinner's Salvation now, why Should they in the Life to Come?" Raw. Moeea Ballon will preach on this subject at the Baecker street Ualveraaliet church, corner of Downing street,thiseveningathalfpastseveno'clock. Morninging two of the cows by the tail, singing hymns and songs, and shouting and pray tag. All means to restore ner rationality ailed. She was sent to New York raving mad.All Fools Daw a a d Palm Sunday.This year two great occasions a r e rolled into one. On into, thefirstof April, occur Palm Sunday and the anmversary of "An Fools." Few there are, perhaps, who do not know to what purposes the first of April has been con secrated from almost time immemorial; b u t i t is not asserting too much to state that there are very many who ought to know, b u t don't, what are the ceremonies, and their meaning, usual in the due observance of Palm Sun dayk There being no very evident connection, however, between the customs peculiar to the two occasions, we shall proceed to say a few words aboat each, separately.1HE FOOLS' P1B8T OF APBIL.In reality every day in the year may be called " All Fools' Day," seeing that no particular..time or season cancountenance, and 'as he entered the room and took htosealbytbeChiefofPolice,hecasthtoeyeshurriedly causeofctvtlaadrefittensliberty. Wethereforesattheirsn-Services to-day at halfn half past ton o'clock.stack TheCooperInstituteUnionserviceswillcontinueto-day. pinningendlessragtailstoladies'dresses,fasteningpaperRasabeth Schenek, colored, sworn—Live on Railroad Friday morning tost, will take place today. The funeral tunauly this w not difficult to obtain. The ten report ofTheAnglo-AmericanfreechurchofSt.GeorgetheMar-.received three broadsides from the Sara- tyr, Bar. Alexander S. Leonard, D-D., rector, in West For- asking the most extraordinary things Sometimes theseefan,aanyoasetreat,wasnotarea i,willheopenfordivineservicetoday. [bears witness to the bravery andKgW CHTJBCHKS.A Uaiveraattst church,to cost 620,000, is about beiag Scwaiii'i Opinion •** t a « Sfeateaa Baal*>(h«* him) and re-taai they woald t a t Ctorwoa encami>ed theaigfatof thelOth.a* they drove hi tat picketsand of mil the oeoasaaa, u»ewdtog some tair- dhortiy afterof their camp. same time of tlHir for die Mesa, more whipped b y below. OnMonday toMaj Heioti- he baa not yet seen tit a Mexico; be, however,yofX\pounderstore.u- aa he has baa oae eompaa v Wt at thai point, andand will undertake again the task of catering to the publicare dependent upon public or private charity, there are in New York no toss than five periodicals devoted to what are called the interests of the ootored people. It m true that noo* of these are in a very flourishing condition, hutbe not de- Thebaubuilt ia Baltimoreoat e*1 The comer stone of the new S t Xavier ch ireh. in CinMMCKhtANIOtTS.Rev W. C BreskmiWge has accepted the Presidency them and oaptured tueoi.CharlesB.Rocssworn—AmassistingMr.Haybeckiathem.Mr.Clarkeaanewadditiontothecompany,andofit*inmate*.Thevinterisinformedbyasignatthe examining the wreck of the Spray; found a six shooter, one will no doubt prove a great attraction. door that the office of Mr. Thomas Hamirtoo, editor of the barrel loaded, a double barrel shot gun, two navy pistols Alb r ii closeof the performance to the evening there Anote African, « oa the second story, aad ton the afore andakegoflightcolored paint,towhichthereiswhatI wssi rrtud display offireworks,consisting ofrockets, saw visitor might have any difficulty In finding it suppcee to be blood; found several kinds of ilium„ited bombs, nower pots,andseveral,largeand when on tbe second story, be to furtha told palctB on board, some of which was red; some beaunicispecimensofthe Pyrotechnic art,oneofwhich bv the same mute informant that the prsetes room of the• red wss under the captain's berth; deservestpectelnotice—itwasa'Union'pteje. Inthecen- inwhich Mr.Hamilton concocts hit editorialsto Noa. taw red spots around tbe cabin, but did not examine tre was displayed an American eagle, with the haad of And it is very well that the editor of ths Anglo c!«e enough to see whether It was blood or paint; from friendship underneath, on either sides were the African to so preetoe m this particular, for ton wttto oa the best of my judgment the red substance injbo keg of words, " North and south," the whole being either *ide of the stairs, and the doors, are "owthahfttU. it* ofOtaaadCollage,Mheissippi.eompuctiyoftoe The Prtttfteriom Witne-i wants to know if bapt««Ibis webelieve,isthewholeStory;butvariousefforts aremadetobefogitatWashingtonandelsewhere. Thus it is slated that the steamers were captured because they refcied to allow themselves to be boarded b y our boats. A strange reason for a government to give which protests,a» energetically aa ours does against the right * of search! We have, probably, little or nothing to fear in the way or retaliation Mexiwto so weak that even if united we' The New England Conference of the Mtthodrst EpiscopalChurch win meet a Spriagfieid, Mass, .this week. Fol-awag tan will be the removal of many members of thatCoalerencs to their hsw fields of labor. This is an imporlaatyear for the Methodist church.being the time for theirGeneralConference,whichtocomposedofdelegatesfrom aittheirconferences,asadalsothe'hundredthyearofthee4it,re. weactaprecedentforinterferencebyEuropean introduction o f Methedam into the Ualted States. Therelight paint is blood; the stains were on the captain's berth encircled in an arc, on which w u emblazoned ed with tin signs,shingles and ptocards of' and on the floor. the word '« Union.' The display *a» really tioaa.to some talk of a reunion of the Methodiat denomination North anad South,<which separated ona the slavery quesl-HUrjgrtr.I'cweis, w e a n ay half the, Mexican people against us, asm create prejsuieta which will embarrass our negotia- tk>r>s and our trad* with that country for hah* a century to come, and we involve ourselves ia exhausting and use- less expeaditure, which can give us nothing that we could not gain hatter without i tMr Buchanan to o f a different opinion A Mexisan quarrel ia bis hobby. He would gladly plunge into nos-Thecontrastbetweentbe^^Wl?**TM* •** theartificiallneofthe fi>«»^2^J?^,*rikto«' "£ furnished a subject for Ussvowdltooommentupon dur- ing the toterval between the P'eces At U o d s f i it was all Jver- the people dispersed to their homes, and Bat n X t si once more one oTthe taajtatioae of the city.noos: am) TSACTJane heww,rjS* n.V'n^BaWS^"?STSAM to Rjscatox, JAMAICA.-Severs! enterprising gentlemen m Into city, connected with the W en Indiatt#flSJa'aliJ*^ * "" E"TM ** ' ttimea, if be could, to-morrow.and s a d o f all a t e door bore the followingA000000000000000000000**0 00 } umsL*SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 1, 1860._JB— ^aw , m - Jav_pone the examination until Tuesday next, oto clock la tbe meantime Jaekalow remains in charge of the Chief of Police tt the City prison.City Intelligence.ASTT-STWIUY Law PROTEST am> PSrmoir.—The lbllow-irg protest and petition, numerously signed, has been for-.—an—« _JH—<r •PRICE TWO CENTS.THE KEGRO I f J0W1T.What be Does and How He Lives in the Metoopolii. „Statut of the Segro in the Freest, Most Erilightessaitiid Richest City ikthe United Statei,We trust oar readers are not yet tired of tat almighty Bigger; we hope so because wo have another ofthe series of articles which we have prepa-ed In regard to;_£___whose panor he was when death wamotcd him from hjs labors. Rev Mr. Duncan was about forty years ot a; aad leaves a widow tad one child.There are two Bar. J . M Bberwooda hi the ralnetry of the Presbyterian church.Hue. E. M. Wright, of Williamsburg, Maw., late Secre- tary Of Bass, hat been admitted to holy orders, and will——•-TBE IsUGEPl 0 1 BOARD TOE SPRAY. Further Deveiopemeata— Appearasre ofhe named whereon people are not most egregiously humbugged and befooled. In the sight of " high heaven," the is a very old craft, and has evidently been pretty wellworld, so called, is never done making a fool of itself; for when was it that mankind did exactly what was reasons ble and correct for twenty four consecutive hours? But Happears that b y common o r uncommon consent, w e have come to look upon this day as theone most specially devoted to trying to make fools of each other, and general y making foots of ourselves. With the idea conveyed in the concluding lines of the following poetic description of today many of our readers will entirely agree, while, perhaps, many others whom " the cap flu," will consider it rather too severe on an old and harmless custom :—ThefirstofAprilsomedosay Is*--tapartforAllFools'Day;But why the people call it soNor I nor they themselves do know. But oa this day are people sentTHK EVIDENCE.Dr. John P. Quidor sworn—Am City Physcian of Jerseyded friends of the segro imagine ho itof reaching. Ths prejudices of society, It toagainst the race; but if they are, aad if timenothing to abate those prejudices, of what avail is ah the freedom which h o enjoys* If h e to crowded o n of ail those employmente which are filled by what tohor—j, notwithstanding his enfranchisement, be to not aftowei toCn purpose for pure merriment;And though the day is known before,Yet frequently there is great storeOf these forgetfuls to be found, WhoresenttodanceMollDixon'sround; And having tried each shop and stall,And disappointed at them all,At last some tell them of the cheat,And then they hurry from the street,And straightway home with shame they run,And others tough s t what to done. But 'tis a thing to be disputed, Which is the greater fool reputed, The man that innocently went,Or he that him design'uly sentThe number of tricks and hard practical jokes playedupon unsophisticated perions, such as sending Jimmy for a bottle of '-stirrup oil,"' despatching Betty in search of a pint and a half of "pigeon's milk," or requesting your illiterate friend to bny you a copy of the "life and Ad. ventures of Eve's Mother," in the Bowery, would require severalvolumesfortheirdescription. Themostcommon methods, of fooling people practiced in this city consist inbytwistingthestring could discovertheblood;by walkingInBroadwaynearthecornerofChambersstreet,using the solution of nitrate of potessa, it became quite accidentally dropped a considerable quantity of money inred; have no doubt about its being blood, but as silver snd bills irom her purse, and had scarcely time tofar as I can say, I think it has the appearance of animal look about her when a set of carriage drivers stationedblood; could not say it was human blood; that which I along the Park rushed to the spot, grabbed the paperprovidingforhimselfinsslateoffreedom,andifhebe ocme a burden to society, what folly and madness it is to talk o f the benefits o f emancipation i a hto case. Let u s see what are tbe facte, aad those w e present are takenpopulation—more than one ia every three; and this does tt,int. ofhercommander.Heyielded,"Absalom,theFanYoungMan,"wiltberepes'edatmakingisconfinedprincipallytolittleboysandgirls.wrecked.[ThecoatstakenfromJaekalowwerehereofopinionexistedsstothelocationofthefederalespial,notincludeanyofthus*whoreoetvsoatotant*through•r.O.f.MP.J.fivrereaaUS f I S * * * * « * » » « • nwaaMU'ttwffiii\Ssworttftt*stoiidaeftwthe **>£*• water wilt ha Blawhnilriou!# altars***, baa ate asautaua,aadaJaa*a>I % will he wadded.* Mwnfal atadaaeJea.**atuaotmAa roeirwea*owIa*ea,au» *ear*altosate«,4. ateSoVos aaeary night, the otd kioawfcw0 HMraaeaaaoafes*TM**»ron*•af'^FaT^TISaS' ananiafj a j Jhwmatverygracefullyto advcniejbrtune. Retiringatbnaaimra.exceptarichlytaaoeUedooaasaedoral andattiredthnsnlfin a plain butelegant suttof wash a* has won ever since.the amnsmm. — the Babaaa, has not yet broken agaxine, bideed, lasealed ap precisely as tt i left Havana, and the key to the aaaae sailtheTwentiethstreetUnivereahatchurch,betweenSixthand SBIBMII avenues, this afteraoon at half-past three o'clock, byBar.E.G.Brooks. Inthemorningserviceashalf• pan ten o'clock, by the pastor -\In the Brooklyn Tabernacle, on Fultdn averWe. nearHoyt street, preaching to day at half past tec o'clock, bvwho indulge in a regular carnival of merriment Those whotemaaaaandpapasallowthem thefreedomof the cay"kick up a most beautiful excitement among their grown up superiors, while— — in door young ones dub th»ir wicked wits, Ac J aimuei frighten servants into fits—"Oh. John! James! John! oh, quick! oh'Moliy!oh' Oh, the trap door' oh, Molly! down below! 'John, James and Molly, whtle the young ones' cries Rt double till they come; then all the boys Shout"Ah,youAprilfoola!"withclamorousnoise; And little girls enticed down stairs to see,Sland peeping, clap their bands, and cry "teehoe!" Each gibing boy escapes a different way,And meet again some trick, "as gooi as that," to play. The origin oi this fool making custom, like that of manyoiherofouroldest custom?,isinvolvediacousiieriVid Coubt and un>rUinty. It prevails, besides in this COJU try, ,n Scotland, t;»rmaay, Sweden and France, in which laitcr place.the victims of the jokes are styled poi$tcms <VAmi, OT Aprt flishes. Bat In none of these countries 1*shownwitness,butshewasunabletoidentifythemaatbe ones worn by the Chinaman white at her house ]TaemaiTSenasck,colored,sworn—LiveonRailroadave- nue,Newark;amhusbandof last witness;recognizethe prisoner as the man 1 saw at my house last Sunday,be tween the hoursof twelve and one o'elock; I afterwards saw him at my sister inlaw's; said he had been in this country six years,but was not acquainted in Newark; Sail that he wanted work, and that he worked on the docks;saw him on Monday morning, about seven o'clock, going towards Jersey City; sskol him what country he was from, and he said ho bad beeuhere six years.theNacitmal ArgentineofParanabeingoftbeopinionthat thecityofParanatetbenationalcapital,audwillundoubt edlyoontinuesoindefinitely,whileOSINsasnof Buenos Ayres contends that the Convention must establish the capital in tbe latter city.Senator D. Jose Manuel lafuenti had been charged with the ratification of the treaty of peace on the part of Buecc* Ayres, aid Senor Egusquiza on the part of Para- guay.thenumerous*venuesofprivatecharity. Theproportion of white persons in our metropobs who are either partial- lyorwholly dependentoapubhccharitytoaboutoneto •veryteaoftbewhote]iitwas found ia the cabin. Nor baa the Professor R. D. Hitchcock, DD. Preaching ui the even I scroU, contenting s list of its eontonis, beenUto certain, however, thai the steamer has a tog st half pan seven o'clock, by the Rev WiL'iam I</es »*aasaj of powder on board, and probably shot, Buddingtoo, DD.and otter muniti me of war i a abundance. Rev Antoinette Brown Black wejl will deliver the last ofifoondtotheICraBW«'(cabin,aH*ofher herseriesofdiscoursesforthisseason,atGelibeck's BaJotrs, her flag, pSPtrs, tog hoot, kt., containing a com-pote record, from the date of bar departure from- H' a Music hall, 766 Broadway, this evening at ha f past sevenvena to the how of her capture, signed hi each case by o'clock. Ssbject—''The Moral Agent.''theofficeroftheday:also,alargequantityofhathands, bearing the aaae of lien. MiramonTbe Miramon ia a haadaome modeled steamer of ibout600tonsburthen. ShewasbuiltatGreenock, Scotland,as indicated »y her engines, end ia probably five or sixyears old. Her history, before she came into the possessionof the Cuban governments* a mail boat, Is not known. Nor•deed is anj thingnositKaly known of her resent transferto the agent of MlrYmon's government. We have only alaaor that her purchase money waa somewhere between Rev. Arthur B Fuller, formerly pastor of the New MO,000ant160,000,andthatitwutransmittedtaHavena through the Preach Consulate at Vera CruzThe two prises a n probably worth considerably more thanwasatdratestimated. Iftnecargoesturnouttobe as rich as we have reason to expect, their total valuationa money cannot he ton taw $200,000.THE WAS OH THE BORDER. man?orTHIBANDITCOBTIJUSBYAMSRICAXBut perhaps the moat striking fact which can be pre- sented in this consideration of the subject is that obtained trbtn the Qty Inspector's report for 18M,the lastone pub- lished, out of a population of nearly^1,000 colored per- sons the number of deaths Is 400, or one in every twenty- three,whilethemortalityinthewhitepopulationisoaeia every twenty-five. Thia is a fearful exhibit so far jaa tae perpetuation of the colored portion of our inhabitants ispalians and Roman Cathohcs. It is called Palm Sunday, m"honor of the triumphant entry of Jesus Christ into Jeru- salem,whentheIsraelitescutoffbranchesfromthetrees andstrewedthemInthewaythroughwhich he watto pass. The Episcopalians dondt celebrate the day withas much pomp as the Roman Catholics. According to the rules of the church of the totter, immense quantities of palmareblessedbythepriestsanddistributedtothecon gregation, who march in procession, holding up the palms in their hands, while the history of our Lord's passion isread from the gospel of St Matthew.a boat brought him to Jersey City. [fhe coats taken from Jaekalow were shown witness, and were recognized as being the ones worn by the Chinaman )Slwart M.Brant sworn—Live in Newark and ama police officer; the caps shown me were brought to the station house in Newark by James Talmadge.At this poinU<-tweve o clock—the court adjourned until two, in ordertto await tbe arrival of Captain Leete's m o- ther and sisters, who bad telegraphed that they shoull be inJerseyCityatthathour.>AFTERNOON SESSION.As usual, long before the court opened the street andstairway leading to the court room were crowded, and soanxious were people to hear the examination that manyof them maintained,their positions at the head oi the taste.stairs during the whole two hours the court was adjourn-ed. Upon being brought into court Jaekalow seemed The hour appointed for the opening was half past onecheerful and smiting, but as soon as Mrs. Leete and her P. M, but long before that hour the anxious crowd were their editors manage to eke out a substeteoce. They are daughters came into court—each dressed in deep mourn- conducted partly by white snd partly by colored writers, ing—he dropped his head"between his knees and wept waiting for admission, and by the time the performances and their subscriber* are, ws have ao doubt, mainly violently for more than hall anhour. Itwasan inthelectureroombegan the building was crowdedto amongthewhitepopulation. Thsliterarymortis of the[From the Albany (Tburtow Weeds) Journal, March 2k ] Mexico is convulsed with civil w a r , between trie " church party,'' beaded by Mtramon, and the " consti- tutional party,"headed byJuares. Miraaoo holdsthe Bar. H. N. Chamberlain wan installed pastor of the capital and the ri her a more densely peopled part of the republu H e h a s -.ey.brtt cannot get control of all hto territory Jusret ?;-«** M provinces on the coast of theGulf andontheTear** "tor,htoheadquarterseinnati, was hud on the 28th ult• Rev. & G. Bpees was installed over the Third clreet church,Dayton.Ohio,onthe11thultntSIONATIONS.jaide seal tbaaa by the* M>xi- Rev. W. W. Taylor, who haa been pastor of the Preaby-Lis counsel advised him not to, and he was conducted to being at Vera Crux, lie ha* ^. - v of territory, but is hto cellbuilding has been neatly painted inside, and a fewchange* made, but not sufficient to attract notice, if we hi this city. Tbe matter with which they are filled ii ofterian Church at Pena Yen, N. Y , for five years pan, has resigned his chaigeDr. Cbaa. R. Dickinson, a wall known phvsician, was sat apart for the Baptist nstuiaury, at Green Spring, Louisa county, Va, on the 22d ult. Rev. Messrs. Potndexter, Taylor tad Dickinson, of Richmond, and others, officiated.A convention o f t h e Methodist Episcopal churches in Philadelphiahaavotedlafavoroftaking measurestoso- cure lay representation to the general and annual con- ferencesof the church. The Philadelpbia Methodist Epis- copal Conference, ea the other hand, has declared against the prepoaed measure.TheRev.Mr.C.Stanleyhasbeendismtraed fromhis charge by ha congregation, at Manitowoc, because of hit UBITCIeabat opinions, which h e h a s been disseminating from a Pussyterian pulpit.Ktecta Leete sworn—I am the mother of Elijah andJonathan Leete; when at home they both lived with me;theshirtcollarshownraeisJonathan's,Imad*itmy-self; know the Chinaman; have known him three or four to the regular dramatic corps, and Mr. Barnum was •trato. In fact, the Gclden Rule, which to aa *>fht paga years; never knew of his having any amount of money expected to make a speech, which he did between.analyzed was also the same; It was of a brighter color on and specie ail to a few shillings, and then disappeared in from official touroes. In th e first place, then, we learnthe inside than on the outside; I flrst saw the tick at the a twinkling. The lady looked in vain for anything in the from the last State census—that of IMS—that tbebadly in want of cash.Miramon has been lately planning a siege to force bisrival to surrender Having the sympathy of Spain, be fitted out two war steamers tt Havana and sent themto bombard VeraCrua.But it ha opens that Mr. Buchanan baa allowed himselfto be drawn Into an unnecessary and " entangling aliianee with Juarea. Instead of reogniaing tae existinggovernment orkeepingaloofentirely,hehasofficiallyrecognized a n d negotiated with the party which is out ofpower and likely to oontinue so. He and Juarea have book belongsto Elijah, know Itperfectly well.. mutually humbugged themselves and each other; Bu-chanan being del j..ed with the hope of a slice of territory ontheRioGrande,andJuarezdeludedwiththehop*oftroops and money from the ISited State!to prop up hisfailing fo.iunts.may except the new toad handsome drop scene for the course strongly Impregnated wtth aatt slavery principle*, lecture room. The lecture room appeared to lie theSo when Miramon's steamers came ia sight of Vers Crus,theUnitedStatessquadron,actingunderMr. Buchanan's orders, and in concert with hto ally, stoppedThe testimony of this witness was corroborative of thatofhermother,andrelatedtotheidentificationofseveral inwhichhethankedtheaudiencefortheirmanifestation ableourreaderstojprroatolerablycorrectideaofthat articles found oa board the Spray, of approval, and hoped that he would oontinue to merit next of It whioh hFoccupted by tbe aati slavery portiontali Petooaorr apnea asossssi nasi net/Dawglatere, *%e.M M .Leete3a) examteettsa of the Cbtaanan, Jaakalow, was conintheirnewHatl,commencehisministryttDayton,Ohio,immediately. tinnedyesterdaybeforeUnitedStatesCoantisstonerwardedtoHon.F.A.Conckling,memberoftheAssembly* Harsh Alderson, a servant gtrl with Mrs. Dak, of New- port, NY ., returned a few weeks lice from a Methodist revival meeting, ia a fearful state of mind. Her very fea- tures were BJfceied. S h e said she had been converted. Her companions and she bad been so frightened by the influence of the service that they had to be sccosapatiel home. The preacher had said something about the girl akiag care of herself or the devil would get her. Her.lamts Talmadge (colored) sworn—Am husband of last witness, and reside in rear of 299 Market street, Newark, recognise the prisoner; knew him as soon as I saw him; he stayed at m y hwupc last Sunday night; ac-ked him whattribehebelongedto,andhesaid Poinmaton:oirected to turn over to companies L and M, First artil- lery, now stationed atFcrt Drown, Texas, ten thousand rounds each of rifle musket cartridges,An extension of^leave for six months, with permission togobeyondtheUnitedStates,hasbeengrantedto—••—•»— — an Mortandnneoadmonafrepeal;aadjourpeuUonera, fieover the asnuably, ss if he was expecting the presence o The toog list of a thousand signstores was beaded by\We the uacVrsteued. residents of the cities of New York aad Brcokiyn, respectfully protest agahwt the enactment of any new t-DDday laws, aad petition that all such laws no* etisunjiunoonautmionat, generally one*(creed, aad naOBftweeabia, beaauae uBsnatolaed by pahhe optoJon sad, la thaw pre* ut partial execution, operating meat imtirtooaly to the aacredsomefamiliarface.Hewasdressedasusual,aadshooktwoclergymen—Rev.Wm.B.Maxson,D.D„(Baptist)ofthisinteratirgrace.Thistothelastonelotthepublichands with some of the witnesses who had identified him asbeingthemanwhostayedinNewarktostSundaynightTit wreck of the Spray has been bailed up on to the beach, and yesterday her cabin and forecastle were en tirely free from water, enabling the officers in charge to makeathoroughandcompleteexamination. Nothingof importance was found ia the vessel, excepting the articles already mentioned by us at having been fished out of the cabtt while tbe Spray lay off the Battery. Fifty cents In pennies, p revolver, ono barrel of which was loaded, one double barrel Shotgun, not loaded; a daguerreotype, and a pair of silver sleeve buttons, were about all the additionalNew York, aad Rev. J. L. Hatch (Congregattonaltot), of read it, and then leave the almighty agger to the politi-Brooklyn—andcontained thenamesofnotafewofour cians,tobesettled sttbepettoaextNovember. After most prominent and influential merchants, editors, law-yers,pbysictons,&c,&cAsimilarpetition,withseveral thattothimgobacktohtooutpostsofwaiterandsctontouad in the cabin—no indications of violence- The Spray burn at some time.thousand German signatures, has also been forwarded to Albany within a few days.LADIXS'FareFOBTHSBEfarrrOFTHXCBTECHOF8r.Box- IFJICX.—We have much pleasure in calling attention to this worthy movement of some oftbe ladies of New York for the enlargement of tbe little church of which the gen- erous Father Nicot is pastor. It is to be hoped that tbe efforts of our fair friends will meet with a hearty re- sponse from every truly cnaritable heart There is no more certain and easy way o f aiding a good cause thantine barber, with clean lather snd sharp iPAUPERISM AMONG TEE COLORED POPU- LATION OP NEW YORK.It has been repeatedly stated that the colored peopleare unable to live in a aate of freedom wtth the whites,and no stronger illustration of Into fact can be affordedthan the case presented b y our own city. If tile condi-.thi ough tite charhel thus opened to the public; and whention of freedom hi which they are paced in taw great articlesdiscovered. Underthecaptain'sberthaquantity itisknownthatFatherNicothasbeenfaithfullycarrying metropolisoftheUniontonotfavorabletotheiriof vetmillion was found, and from this it is supposed the cross in the face of great difficulties aad discouragethe red steins oa the mattress and sheet, before supposed mente, and with but little material help from a congrega- ment, m aa Intellectual aad social point oftion of limited means, we feel assured that every Catho- then there to a o hope for thelr tobeblohd,arederived. Nomarksofbloodweretobe licwhoknowsbowtovenerateandhonoratruepriest, to that position snd rank which ths naagui-as well as those Protestants who revere a minister of theWord who is "instant in season and out of season" willcheerfully give the ladies s helping hand. The Fair willopen on Easter Monday evening in the rooms of tbe Tur-tle Bay Hotel, Forty fifth street, between Second andFirst avenues, and will continue all the week during theafternoon and close on the Saturday night following. Tootickets of admission are only ten cents each, and thosefor children five, so that pater families cannot complaincat analysis, in which I used nitrate of potaaia; 1 found of high prices- Bring the children along, for tbe display mingle on terms of social equality with those who calmCity; am a practicing physician, and have been for the past ten or twelve years; I am also a chemist; have been shows a bundle of loose cotton cord which appears to have been saturated with blood; it was much more dis- tinct tosidethsn outside the bunch; have made achemithat b y using nitrate of pousea it gave out a bloodred color; previous to that it was a pinkish cast; I foundthat by using diluted muriatic acid, parte of the string,where there was no blood. became white then by washing in water and separating its fibres, I could distinctlydiscover 'he blood, which I now have in m y possessionotherportionsofthestringIsoakedinwarmwater,and strikinginstanceoccurred,ontostFriday. Alady Butif,inadditiontoallthis,hetophysicallyiaoapabtoofaveaue, Newark; have seen the prisoner before;firstsaw himlastSundaymorning,abouttwelveo'clock;becamefrom the direction of Jersey City; have no doubt about histieiag tbe man—am positive of It; he came to my house, andasked,tosteyallnight;toldhimIcouldn'tkeephim.butsenthimtomysister's;he tooksomemoneyoutofbispocket,andofferedmethirteen centstolethimstayall stgha he appeared singular, and said that he had been one day later than our former dates. can sway oa a boat; he stayed la m y house about tw othe Almshouse Departmentintorwn anant eftimteathou •andandoddcoloredpersonsinNewYork,2,974wereon thelotofoutdoorpoorwhoreceived astatanoseitheria the form oftooney or feel, which Is about 30 par cent, or three m every ten. Let us go a little further.however, fortheseare actthe onlycolored persona whoarede- pendentuponcharity. IntheColoredHomethereaxeat presentabout»t0inmates, sndintheColored Orphan Aayium about 220, making altogether a total of MO. N ow , tf we add th s to the number who are on the nat of out- door poor, we wfil have a total in round figures of 3,600, whichisanenormouspercentageofthewholecoloredwill be of the most reehercAe kind.himssabrother,andwnowouldgoaofar in the*pnt of fraternity by which they are actoaud a s to threaten the dissolution of the Union itself—«f all tins takes plaae ia his regard, of what af vantage is his liberty to him*WHERS AIM THX Pours'—OCTRAGKJCB ASD CSGAIXAHT CosnrcT —The remark that policemen to this city are al- ways Invisible whenever their services are likely to be of any use h a s come to be about as common as tote true. Aharbor polio* station; I said then that one spot was blood, sbape of a brass buttoned metropolitan, and not being sufIfoundsome paintwhich wasclearly dtstinguisable sssuch; I have made two or three analyses; muriatic acid iieientry posted to make a complaint to the City Marshal, of every age snd sex, and these figures form will act upon most any substance: it will also act upon she left without recovering so much as a cent of her mo-the oxyde of almost any metals; it will act upon lime ney. Perhaps it Is yet within the power of the Marshal the basis of our calculations The 10,107 hersand marble.Samuel Forshay sworn—I live in the city of New York; am a police officer under Capt. Thomas Steers; Ito overhaul t b e thieving drivers, on a proper affidavit enumerated a r e placed under t h e head o f aen-tax-being subscribed to. payers, and, with tbe exception of the colored oyster mer-TUESIFFXKXBS BV THE FORTY FIFTH STREET CALAMITY— chant, Downing, and a few others, the whole colored p o -got ahto book (which was presented to him by counsel) AFFSAI. TO THS CHARJTAKIK —W e are requested to state pulation nay be very properly included under fhto head.from on board the Thomas E. French on Saturday before last; Capt Webb gave tt to me; it was in the evening, be- tween eight sad nine o'clock; I took it over to New York; looked attbe book at the time I took it, and now recog- nise% as the same one.Cross examined—I requested Captain W»bb to give it to me.Captain Webb w a s sworn, and corroborated the state meat made by the former witness, a a d atoo recognized the hook as being the one he alluded to in his examina tion yesterday; I got it from the Chinaman the day I took him aboard; he took it out of the coat; can't say whether itwastakenoutoftheholehemadeinthecoat.that the unfortunate members of tbe Wheeler family,whocame to their death by the ltte calamity "in Forty fifth street, have been suitably interred at the expense of Mrs. Wheeler's sister. Those generous people, therefore, who are charitably disposed, should n>l send their con- tributions for tbe aid of the Wheeler family, who do not stand in nee a of assistance, but reserve their donations for the poor v.ivcs, husbands a n d children w h o have been so sadly bereft of their dearest friends on earth.FrsKRAi. or JOHN CRIMMOTS.—The funeral of the late JohnCrimmms,whowasexecutedatthecityprisononNow, the whole population of New York to estimated somewhere between eight hundred and" eight hundred and fifty thousand, ahowtag that the proportion hotwean thecoloredandwhiteinhabianatossonetoeighty. The disproportioB here to very great; but, s s we shall show, fhto difference to not confined to mere numbers, but ex tends throughout every phase of their physical and soaal condition in the metropolis.We have spoken'of their dependence upon the white population,andweshallnowfcroceedtotheproof. Pot1 i mLater From Buenos Ayroa*Ann Louisa Talmadge (colored) sworn—Reside in rearof2it9Marketstreet,Newark;recognisetheprisoner;hecame to my house last Sunday in company with a youngman who boards at my sister's; he came there betweenone and two o'clock In the alterneon; (aid his name was Apaches tribe of Indians who roam through Texas, the regarded: butperhaps the great vital loss is more than mal* Taylor;heseemeduneasy,andIhanded himachair;heArray IntelligenceOwing to the many grave offences committed by thegreatestattraction,assomenewadditionshadbeenmade buttheyaremostlycharacterized byasemire*g.AI atanyonetime;lastwintertheboysspokeofgoingto theacts,thankingtbeaudiencefortheirkindnessinat- quartoaffair,tooverflowingwithreligionaadquotation*Pbjtedslphto, but were going by way of the canal, as they did not think the Spray staunch enough for the sea;am dressedinmourningformytwosons;supposethatthey are both dead; the coat shownto Jonathan's; the pocket-tending in such numbers, snd assuring them hto effortswould not be wanting to make the place an agreeable re-sotttoall.Andhewassurethatthosepersonsinhtoem-ploy woull redouble tbeir efforts to please the patrons ofthe establishment. Before and after hto address bo was aent leaders of the black republican party, who eapw/might commit outrages upon her with impunity, and Miramen's party, being only a fraction of the Mexican people,to weaker atill. What we have to fear,to a train of tedious on the wreck, and among other articles, have found a people. A s each piece was ignited It « ^ " i TM hall way, our reporter proceeded siaaaaatO a sodden de difficulties and expenses, such as are usually the penaltyfor Interfering In other people's quarrels. By thus activelytakingaides,wesubjectourselvestoJonsuspicionandcen-pretexts to do it, has importuned Congress furto march troops across tae frontier, s a t lor permission to •and ships to blockade Mexican ports, has received awould grant. Mr. Jeliffe stated that, when through with las tertiaony, he would ask that the prisoner b e com- mitted for trial:—meat of Jamaica to accept a proffered contract for run- ning a moirthly Itoe of steamers between New York and FT*"" Thepaperslavebeenforwardedsnd theraltea States Court. Before Geo. F .WHOUBALk ManCB 81 —lacGordo* l«r«-The tbe death of six fitf^tgeOne witness w s>toenaooaeedashavingde MinisterfromJuarea,aadsealaMinistertohim,andhas . ^ ^ * *^TM*" »api|| sat SaKanaaia aWa* Caaw mixed himself up in the business whenever an opporI withintenttohod alreadyin pre-ea^d from three or four diflhrent sates, aad a volume rf evidrnM hmA been obtaiaed quite sufficient to bold thefikMMUf. whichcoveredalltbeground^5 I S^HSS^Irvi^i?^performers.T h efirstconcerto ft h en o ,wbwhheha/lsuf tutitvofieied. AlltotheendthatanewshoeoffMexico K—ForrunningawaywithfheCarboxes, knocked at Its ^JX^JTSm^^a sou of Rev.m'gh't be brought under the scope of ft* Bred Scott de dattnfortbebenefitofslaveryextent!mist*.Srxr-ivCoKcsn-aa BSOABWAV—WearepleasedtoansousesthatMr.CtrlaVngasiiuhsi decidedtorssuawhtolay. concetto, which were so popular ton year. B eUntitled Documenthtossttolsd by theArian Society, anda grandorof fortyseries will be given this evenisg.st U » City Ass*mh"y•teal if.Mr.Voorhtosrepliedthattbe Jowa* • T w^p*r«s^^*w •-vmwasmwaa w^w^sy ^ ^ r wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069fatbv the ilroohraa 1Attheconclusionoftheperformance,Mr.W.C Clarke wss called before the curtain. He made a short speech,Mr. Hay beck recalled—Have been continuing the search very fine, and was witnessed b y an immense n«mi>er of Turntog intoa narrow rasas go which ]quantity of vermiilioo directly under the captain's berth; 'here is quite a quantity of it, aad most of It near theheadofthebunk- itwssquitethicktoraspaoeof sixteentoeighteeninchessquare,anditappearedasifit had reen washed aad drainedto other parte of the ves- sel; there were vermilhon spots on the floor sal oa the s a m seat of the cabin.{be usual "Ohs!'.' "Ahs!" aad other marks of approbatum from the assemblage beneath. i ^ ^pression of the floor, whore it ooaoeetef with the adjoin Ing bouse, came near causing has to toss hto equlhbnum, andatthesametimesuddenlydtocoverodtobiasalarge woodensignhoard,enwhichwaspainted:—Mr. Jeliffe, to behalf of government, arose and statedthat, owing to tbe absence ot Capuin Willis, of the sloopLncinCa, he should he compelled to ask for an adjourn-ment, in order to enable him to prove b y the captain thefact of the collision and some other importtnt matters—an trade, nave made arrangemente with t h e local govern Indulgence which ho had no doubt the Commissioner^0000000000000000010000000000000000S000+000000*00000*Wrt^mm1st—Formurder. «d—For piracy.+00*0000000000*0000000*00occupied been prolonged beyond the time usually, eooupto aaadnarv ai&min&ikMta of that kJad. Witnessesit1o1 abns*aysc^wovsearmesdTM'TM# t by..«*_ »^_.*—-.sViasrnftiva^ri^^BjoaeTdeclded that ttewww.fultonhistory.comtor tip *v **•*****^^m^^ B*MS, jar,T artanYtos President,_ ...colored population of New York numbered 10,S07,from the Scriptures.VIT ALST A TTStlCS.These publications are, as we have intimated, wtth but fewexceptions,notselfsatiateinginstitutions,andarefor the mo*tpart supported by the aubscrrptions of promi- this wHaess;would not grant m a request o floeretore, ofCsptein 