 ^e ycnHgorfc ^imcg, iiloiUiai!, Xooaiibnr m, itfs.•iartakalt That TsAaaiJoniawureadv for tUi void* aad good treatment to pverall upon thetn. If soKglMlt&Hkta be exnlslned by the jitefetoeuofMr. Bsaoa'sby legal mesas. The rthiessofleglrtatlTe^iUwhlS^JSSLS"*Mdaelttaara-caal»tttU»iiaaM,a]iduimtli«w«attopo.dWe,toMwnothlngwUch.City towards thedespot ever ravaged. This Uw tt«?S3»**atWMMWtoiMkfor<'w1rti. Butbowb*eoujdhart•"P'^.'* "*i»8»to»t 'j'.^^Ji^JSSS?"the rotamentsupontbetvodTlaawhl|k"f »tta Northemthat»»- Legislature,uJ!^ ¥fkfor tlM Puwen are more iultel foriiH.'-!?!"b^iir tiiiBfto tba aaanlt of tree Of late fbtaVlhat could be used toof the Baltic Fleet. Wito what iiDdreauln Wone«l pens*' difficultyit eauha^HKoMatalLwas beard. Mr. J. B.Ggta,^^Snw Baa argnaiiun, itnd do not eoallT bring the detriment of theaffidavitsare ronttm to tola moment of sorrow lo take his V e iniiik i»to Canadian soil, Iu roots. If jwi and rendering tlie cbuiea Isi^st^ foet VpontoeIhff mnit rhrrliitirn nf f nina Aoilrte his done notta- iac to daaarra tuch a aacmce, nor are the Bourbon;has been" German Shaketa." The Romaa C:«toalletluoM of HA ttM«iat#lcBtrwlildiTei9Bitte& attract ibeViiMian people. Wewy Ru«s)M peopia, for tiwia ia public opioiouand en-H ve'> w«die«« expense, if we look to tbeTtiat amount totoeygoreturns,toquire at toethe eonasd htoiself, eelelirates itsaoiplra. nHJdilM of M» made tUelf felt, vblch the Ca»r lalAldtoeftM itanect end which hl» coun?elorsreally pushedoi no on sarto oould ooutMto the torrent of with eflect. lie carried paperthere, when toey can act alone,are too wise to thwart. Thisand that If sacb jortsdlcilon is arrogated theyopinionalong »eiT adrerae to Austria. The quarrel J^weenout an Ui-manneJ, undlscl he brought back anharmed a well-urgan- Izid, nrll-disclpUBed one, wtto crews exercised in gonnery and seamanship—to fine, a fleet now reallyto add ihe Rail'.vavsdi Iphia and irom Baltlifiore. The great advantageare powerless, for they have no means at com-mand to compel toe attendance of witoesses,na, aod haie worked themselres to^erenVlltc AusiMan which 1»into an ^Eighth Ward poll, and one Bjstem.fatal to our elective'The "German Shikers,"h_uinmdred,. believed that toe best way of endsofmoraUtraadtruereUglol.wasb»4»~.JJiTTionS^Sioo^«mJSriobolfoTesuperiors, and he wa.4 nuttnto^reU^iof tbe drama,surrencered with aa ease ana fromtSfoSnfiSrth. alacritywhich left toe alwr-OsdM*ofauSf: wrong. TbsrhuZa. modrigbt to toeir own (arm of rellgieaaatb gSZS bar Baptists, tiie Jews, and the 8haker».CIr5 theirs. The prosecution may sngnst tlnti^'^JT tfonof a reUilon to ezeuae for their partemuZ'i«£l?,''L"'SS2fOio^JaSwSm,-f BO room for them.'andshouldnotvrarpOtajnry^offaWi^ <" ,betttltrMlf theywov cfrJBxed. FrlnceKOFF hM notorioMly made himsalf oonspUsuQUS in the^ewithDstive of deatoCasi«-1 Fldaido really did pieier death to surreitder, and bravely perished in defence of toe bad causae uisyand avoidance ofSSnuBce of intl-Aostriaa optatoaa, and, ao for as a Hn>rifn atalesoiaa can conaistentljruo so, he has en-cooM>led himself (or the loss of the Baltic fleet by be-tage, the atipolatijooa of a treaty not fire yeara old,and wliieh, in some of its psihs, was adopted joubla owa stiggestloo. Both Austria ana Prus- lend toemseives deliberately to this monstrous false-^^»— adorn cowardice wlto toe reward ofaia are: anderstood to hne doeliued acceding hood to vainr,STiAB-sLnop Gbabada, TixB-TBiif, Aug. 26, 1860. (Received Nov. 2, 8:15 P. M.)eoaV truuH-rx—They DrcUae ta (o Beyond tha forhisside. Judge Pabbbb claimed that the action not be called as witoess upon any material patnt la aTreatyaolt aiiglB have been foreseen by any one even mode- ratdy aoquainted with the atate of Europe. It is uiainreturns from Stephentown, to this county, and tousher allv without driving atatisfy your Lordship that the Emperor of China dettreaTaoT,Y., Friday,Nov.16,I860.everytown. The rernilt simply cotoclded with toe actionthe oaly time thatthat Raiaaitlll not hardbargain,andAaatrla,t>eiogireetoflgfatornot,willte hahelp;of PonSfical Gendarmes, the inhabitants of several communes in the province of Vlterbo are has- tening to vote for annexation.The State ofcalled, is a liiliy, rocky, bah-en spot, and always rolls up a heavy majbrity for toe candidate wlto toe largestpreseocatoe brilliant captato.He waa bom at Merctilstonn-hall, in the County ofwere but obeying the orders toey had receiveo from their superiors, and who were acting under fearGrafton,"as tills rottenborough isS^fa^"ei'ir^5^'?'wir«^fyr Pope.not repeat the atory of what he did obstacle to nat accomplish. ArorherYork has beenCity singledmoral aense of tbe StateoutMr lagkaaoer IhattMn to snHMHt tte monauthfiil of alUes or of good meals, and a railway ticket, we cannot doubt ; Ihe powerful Russian fleet to shrink like ratx uii» thM>i:(.h llriili-h territory, and the passengers and prod-of the corrective rod. No points,among ducedtoshowwhethertheplayontheKuoia, lUe nion formUabia of tbem, bu receiireJAs inls warntogn.eijphor.iheVJ—That the Board of Cooaty Canvassers have powers drama taken wh^y from tbe BUde. Tlieth^^a dmdlT_«KMiBd, and vsuld Juvdlr itep beyoad;accomplish:"Jle caused toe thirty vail composing ligInter moiitos there Is no outlet for trafficItoeiuwas a oomedT, Imrletto or xou.^T'u*' tragedy, balletTor . _"^Stalaj.was attended with the pre-ent of a new suit of ciuihe«. the solid oumforta oF a suowtsloncousin Sir Wililah Napiib'b esUmaie ihi of wnai lie .ii,lstrike fa«t wTmay Into toe United States. Wir-worthyproSf WiS!*»y«tb»i It would be eflisctual.The secwid object, no doubt, was to make toe besttheir holes 'he took tiomaisttod, caused liaugo to tie uce iil t Mia-ia are shipped and at unshippedto a blaze of popular enthusiasm, ^od then getting rid 60,000 or 90,000 good troops. He restore 1canaotthe V\ ist. toe line has hail to ., >lls, without to effect converttog toemselves toto athe two empirea on the anbjact of tne Turkish war baldeidasji poured forth on the occasion. The men plined fleet;leading to the West from Pmla-to an extent and with aa accomplishedascertatoed what do large vessels canevensuch epitlieto applied to toe ceramonlesof msby persons who did not know of nis eonaaellaa ihsSthreateningevery decision denied toe right of toe Boardvataert to go behind tbe returns of Inspectoraof Eleo- tion, while not a spark of authority ooald be found!thousands of toe Roman Catholic laity of IrelaniJ. topatch Is as follows:to any Dropoaala for the modification of the and, in defiance of the evidence of toelr senses, which I have toe honor to toform your Lordship that I ar-of toe Board of Canvassers to the criminal trial. He was awareof noezcepSaatotha ("oimty registering rule.on every sea, and Napibb iiad not a few opportunitiessmart of toe payment of the expenses of toe war— trophe raged -vllh te'U-lol pertinacity for the course of cuttmg out merchantmen, and to attacking VVest which In no otoer way will ever be obtained—would twelve years, not leaving inviolate even the sanctuary Indian islands, such as St. Thomas and Martinique. be at once humane, honorable, and effective. Such a of jtistice and of families, so that honorable men and In an action wlto a French cervette of 'H guns he had signal humillntion would be felt to toe uttermost ends lovers of thSir country were condemned to criminal bis thigh brukeu by a shot lathe attack upon Mar- of the ^reat Empire. Itcouldnotbe explained away peoaliias, prisons were peopled with victims and a ttolque he won great applause lor Ids temerity to or falsified, and all China would come to know that large number oi citizens compelled to abandon the scaJmg the ramparts wito but five men, and planting the Eraperor himseli had no choice in this matter, State, and take refuge in friendly Italian and foreign toe Union Jack on Fort St. Edward. He won promo- and that the only safe policy was to keep faito lands ; oAidering that the losses and evils produced tion as well as applause for his conduct In a subse- with foreigners. That course was open to Lord by such brutal tyranny were Immense ; considering quent affair, when he assisted Sir Alexandse Coju- Eloik. He had an army and a fleet behtod that it ia a debt of justice worthy of an italldn aud EAHX (now a well known name) in ctiaslug three him wiiich could carry him irom one end of China to tree (jovemment to compensate, as far as possible, French ships-uf-toe-line, and to capturing one of the other. He had plenty of time for his work, forsubstituted tyranny and violence;Tlen-t>ln should be faltofully fulfilled. This, with thecoosideriag that the Government which emerged from that civil-catas-Comboii Plbab—Part f.—Nos. 2S06, 2338, 2226, 2354,eight toto four hundred goes but fifty times conse- 2359, 2U62, 2204, 2228, 2256, 373, 1763. 2344. 2345, 2247, Cltoton ctosed for toe defence.15th of May, 1648, of these continental prov noes, &c.ficatlon ?if it results tsin ? Theof Tien- dried,toey "poppedoff"like roast-toey acquitted him.The first bustoess to thisIrlskas toe conflict was, It was aecisive, for boto toeof the Une, one of toe frigates, and one of the corvettes,wtoner. Therewasnoknock-downblow.our friend, after his a little dlgesttog disappointmentwas not an expert The objection was overruled ;"eertalnly to raise a reasonable doubt to the benefit of which toe prisoner was entitied.THK PEOSICtTTION.littlekindness or assistance Irom thesave to capacity, toerefore you need to be told toat toe Eighth Ward of this city is the where Hlbemia most doto congregate, and toat to toe toe week,toerearetwostories. The toe daythat toe returns;Brigade.ships was thanked for anNo difference what- ever ;" toere was a curtain to toe stoge.potot oughttw that of a locustoftoeknow, and toere seems to be no_ed chesnuts.But I started to give you some law, not to immor-talize toe " Stote of Grafton."The night of election it was generally conceded ances on Sunday.Judge Gomji,onSunday. Thelawcertainlywould tois mterest tous vested.The Waraaw Confereneea. AITSTIIIAS OrrlCIAL NOTI.Count BECBBSBe has addressed a circular notetreatyItself has been broken;of whatonSaturday morning,entirely destroyon the Warsaw interview to the Austria ahroad.What success can be deserved an Ambassador who byMr.address to toefor toeto a brief forbiddingThe law is further unconstitotionel, because, aot commg withto toe police power of tbe Legislature, it is local, maktogtoata crime in New-York which la Brooklyn Is a lawful act The Legislature has no light to say tbat one set of acts shall consdtute mur-Kemm of the Pope's Irlah>the London Trmes, DuBuir, Tuesday, Nov. 0.tog " It being toe custom of the country" to have had often previously been toere and seen toe defend- versed by toe Constitution of this State, which re-CorrespondeTtce ofaddress toe audience from toe stage—once ontoetestify to Courts, whetoer hebe or Christian, Paganacceptable to the people ofthe land which he devas-tates. The numbers of the Brigade were t^iinned ;•aaay.asOTiT readers know, returned speedily to Ire-a very prominent iigars in tbe storming of Sidon, to th« denat of Inaimii Paaaa among the mountains of Beyrout, and most glotfoiia of allle the reduction ofplacean election to that Fair of Donnybrook.which waa in producedof toe premises; he had taken the theatre for Sundayinu had for toe losses of toe rest of the taerh. Sunday to pay«lpunebymany a laugh. But if Napibb on land cuttoe•5»J"i'"iO"tMr. James T. Bradv opened for the defenceUie jury, to a brief address, to tols country the gen- hadpursue aophlstSroy far asothers were shot and but those who survived thesetars, ridtogi:toeget enoughon to make tols up. The defend- had stoied toat wheatkt Saadv law caaie iato foreo Simday;«onntered no others.a on hisourselves, toen, to obvious iLsolvency ofpublicanADDRES3-;strawhat, wlehllng dog Pow,a hugeEnglishundertaking, lestricttogwhile toe otoer side claimed that every Re- ant was a client of toe witness. No furtoer testimony toe friends of toe prhMer had advised him to form I» 'i«'««' '> whichMood aow«l Ilka water except that of the devoted^i^SSJS'^'; *"^erervto^'imopt brilliant success. It is not diffi-toe Commodore blamed the Admiral for want of alac- cult to see toe causes which led to this failure. In tobe responsible mayof this world or the next of his own soal or the delayed fiu tMs momtog, tiU «"='' """fVt, m2the least of of valor, to whichit, audacious. After the killed and theHe and enforce those mayexpressUke patos toavoid discussion ot tneany c«^Tbe ladles of Prance, we are asked told,reputation—^^k^^^"*''*"'^' '•^ was a"tp'pPo"i*n"t*e*d" t^o t•o"e« e%omt.a^- which have been removed by toe magnificent works ttiat toe ttirbulence S,.-!.decide, just tuoseyed were any ex- pressions blasphemous or not itte de-oauatiy.Iheoi for their t>attons, as memorials of so much hero-wSTttfmL°Fn"l"^H'H''^as would determtoe whetoerism In so good a causebut, with this single tion,wearenotawarethattheir path through Italy and France was anywhere strewn with laurels. In Ireland it was detormtoed to give them a grand recep- tion. Committees were formed and money was sub- scribed, and toe hour of tlielr approach was anxiously waited for. There appears to all this to have been a doubleobjeoL Tlie friends of the Pope in Ireland:;excep-.«-^ *''*>* "^ ^l—l'^i^^^Vi^iItfendant is aGerman, coming from a land enter-G. GARIBALDI.Napixe. Here " Black Charles," as he was calledhis couftos, saw a good deal of land fighitog—wa^,todeed, fniving to ttie other Cuaelss when a bullet greater value can be a ratification condescendingly entered toe nose of toe latter, lodged to the jaw, and granted to an Ambassador who may or may not be shattered toe bone. In November, 1810, Coablis subiected to any amount of indlgrutles and delays? Jahis Napixb writes to his motoer, " * Black Cuarles*is a queer fellow as ever crossed me, and as honest aone," and toen he gives toe copy of a letter which toerepresentativesshould choose to go up as a suppliant to an tosoientCounty Treasurer, ;peopleof theTubs,'"'^ toesolepurposefior"w"h.ld^i.t^h"e.b«SnS4l-ofthat Mr. Flood waa electedcommon w ith Congressman Olirtoe prospective keeper of tha county funds a visit and toeatrical exhibitions on Sunday. Questions of law der to tols City, and toe same set of acts elsewhere toland, bringing with them an evU report of the Govern- Acre. Sir Cbabus Napub among the mountains ofIt seems shortoftoeonly too-plato that the rev-atout on accotmt of toe to difficultywas an act of rellgloos service.ment whichwent to serve rels after thefasbton«1 a rowjLAuoaiouaB for certain deviationsworktogof the Itoe fallslastpolls Tuesdaypertormances,toan durtog toe rest of toe weekttieypicked with their comrades from a disinterested lovewoald no doubtcoosto as " the queerest foUow be ever came across,"which,of the nation, they hadBeyroutagainlamentablyhe even expectedPothers fell in quar-be daserlbed his byandflogged by Gen ered wito aan cov- ass,only Directors iswhich Isanotoer appUcatton to toe Cana- vottogfrom mlUtary dls- stick and followed biscasnalUes so-They might meet death in otheron the field queer figure,"followed toe newspaper advice, vote early," was taken for toe people.toe Association, aa a trtek Urn laotectioa against law. It would be trenching too tu upon the plainest feeUngs of respect tot the eommoD sense of toe jury,S?5JShii^*,Ji?f''' '«*4,?« overpowering numbeffand brilliant to which he wonInvtoclbleartUlery. The preservatton of their livesgolden opinions,command, and ttiai to Sir Robbbt SiorroBS London, vigorously supported by toe local ParUa-underresent as miraculous,soperhaps faiflng Into aS errbr n&t belongs at least some of the credit which Sir Cbabus ment, connected at this moment toself, toat man may enjoy entire freedom of every of toeby the eemed, they wooid be left to tiw coosideraUoo ofCourt without ooauaaat.The^^cwnstancesabsolutely appalling they rep-second toseemed tocUncd to to lilmseU.toe returnswhen a well-known lawyer of this city, Mr. W. A. Ugious opinion. This Is toe es-pecial gloryBbacb, told toe Board of Canvassers, at toelr firstwith unoprnmraivery pious persons, ofevery possible members oftoe Cana-of thoee who kUU expect The fconsUtutlon of New-York„%*""Non nobis" after a victory, Is usual and becomingappropriate entireiyleadtogCourt reaiarked, toatS,!,"^''*"'"'"*'>"'°»n Tfo MnS agency.""'v"? °°'' gotog to open up a controversydian Government,exaggeratingway wlto several oftoeandcountry abroad, and toe hope prosperity withto.. as toe hour was onusnaJ-feltthittmischlefenoughhadbeendonebythecom- ton^elM^in^is^te,r«o?f^J?Pf.l!2^_=°P'oy.nent''tocorrect expression of toeto go beyond toese returns—arguhog'"— Turner.tried oaPrldarIFor homicide felonioM assault:of distmction tofiehttog single vessels of toe enemy, inat that price. But any aiithmeUc wlli tell you that ;No furtoer witoesses were totroduoed, aal Mr.toroughDublin amid theTrunk»ge from EniilaiHl to toe St. Lawrence, and this ai-better of tocllnation, and, if Aoatila had been wiUing corps which has really slgaaUaed Uaeif by that con- since he was seized with tboagh ihe day oiBv ci.me when the dysentery, aod.On the outsidewaa Mr.thelossessufferedforthecausewhichnowtriumphs, them—a74. Hepressedthe enemysohard,anddid whenLordMacaetsiyquittedPelung,toOctober,the unlesstoe of— greasing toelr ballotsCLINTON, AND ANTHON—OIBHAN SHAEIB CON- STITDTION.—the BotirbODS and placed at the disposal of the Statethe sum of six millions of ducats shall be distributed confirm the appototment. The next that we hear of may. But what honor will tids ei|iedliion brtog if It with due consideration to the political victims of the him Is to toe Pentosula, amustog himself to the cam- should end only to the battering down a Chinese lortl-Republican dodgebe considered a little ahead of thisitonly just begun ill he use his opportuniry ?triedof his wife, toe Jury did not agree upononlygeaeralis that from the rentes confiscated from decreedthem so much toat his Commander made him damage,weather hadto be cool pleasantly— financiering forontoe case, toe law not present"The Brigade," aa already anticipated, is dead to this period of his life that he first aequired a greatovercoat subject whether a man might not worship God toJew. toe various autoorities quoted bycoonsti Among "was one which was cited as from toe Court of lastFrom tke London Time*.and witooutfect on toe party, shouted to toe waiter,of its ef- Well, toen,and the answer given was,went forth, it will be resaember- ed, with a general <<»««""» of the law under which they Hie, to flght the battles of the Pope, and rivet his fetters upon a miserable and heavily-oppressed peo- ple, who had never done them harm, bat on whopi they sought to inflict the mostgrlevoiuafinjnriee. They ooaiplatn, as well they may, that they receivedTbalrlABr^adewhichplaced the OueenSallvray.Officer Simon £(iio( was toe next witness. He tes-disgust Hehad not He couiitry—acomplaintaboutaareasonableaswoald wasto1839i^pototedsecondtocommandoftoeMedl- terraaean fleet, tinder Sir Robist Stopporo, and he wondering why he was not more came to for some fighting on the Syrian coast He is;Captato at once, and Ihe'Admlralty were not slow to paign wito his coustos G£oaux, Chablzs and WilliamVWe can but hope heWhat advantrige will toe Embassy secure toe former whenHalligan,Fridayenemy, and who should willingly leave behmd him This note states ttiat the object of the interview was queer lellow, en quitung toe army, addressed to the the army which ought to be around him to give weightjury.to Mad moto closely- tile personal and friendly rela- First Lord oi the Admiraltytions ofthe tkree Princes present, and to concert thepriariphisior tbe regulatton of their conduct iu case SiB: My leave of absence Is just out I don't think king his corintry*s power ? If Lord Elgis has reallya would doubtless be raised, but these were not for the toe Stote shall be miuisliughtor totbe fourth degree. serenade. I must do him tbe to how-of cenaha eventualities.Count RioHsxaa, without entering upon any detailsas to the nature ot the arrangements concluded, an- nooncee a perfect understanding was established."find as a matter of fact whetoer or not toehad given such exUbidons as those forbidden by toecities Is tills manner, the same prtociple woiUd allowit to dlscrimtoate between differeat sections of tbesame and even dUferent tndlvidnals to the sane city,section. The law is fartoefunoon^aUe&al baeaaat itdiscriminatestofavorofthosew9hworshiponoaethose who oa an- agatost worshiptorms no of the law of tUs partquittedas be ledthe Britisheven suggested by fresh assistance to theaffair,beappearedto a differentlight:tne mato facts oftoeanypartgreatbyin a ratification of toeonly Treatybeforewas toe trial of GustAve Ltoden-to his mission, and to Impress upon the people of Pe- It woith rematotog here, for 1 expect you will give acted thus, be is as toveterate a Chinaman as old Yiu:me a ship, as I am almost tired of campaigning, wiiich is a rum concern. C. N.The result of tois appeal was an appointment to toe Thamts,S2. in this vessel, and to the Euryalus,we find liim performtog many signal services, silencing batteries, ianatog troops, capturing merchantoien and whole fleets oi gunboats, arivmg on shore vessels which he coulu not capture, and finally operatingjustice say,ever, that to his speech he admitted toere was an jury to pass upon. They would only be required to If toe law may dlscrimtoate' between differeatHe, however, makes it clearly understood that nom-intervevtion in tie oJfa\T$ of Italy was agreed upon,aad that, although anxious to support the piineiplesof order ana the balance of power in Europe, tke thrr.eNorthern Court* would do jtothing which might provoke with disttoguished ability against Baltimore wito a toe parties interested in brtoging the contest to a sat- a war.licanstotoe electionofMokvabandOum.Thefirstwitoess.OfficerBenryJ.Minor,statedtliat on the 20th of May last he was present at LtodenmQl- ler'e garden and theatre, on toe front of which was toe prisoner's name, add saw a theatrical exhibitionbutdivision ul Doats under his orders. isfdctory ^sue engaged a specliU trato on toe Great When the peace came Napusx, like many another Western line, and at 5 o'clock to toe morning about gallant spirit, found himself condemned to toactivlty. 300 storied on toeir eventful jonmey. 'The ilisgrace- After fourteen years' waiting he found employment ful scenes enacted at the Great Western Railway sto- agato to Galatea, on the Portuguese coast, and it w-as tion, on toe occasion of the last fight between Macbtowns, at such a critii:al moment was really annoy- toere ;Inspectors of Election, and carry them in toeir;priso&ertoere thatday,Church and Stote. But that idea was defiauely re-andanddonefor,toallreasonableintentsand positionbeforethepitolic. Inperformtogtiisservice posseoftheMetrop"olitanPolicetookanactivepart,pumoses, for toe British Government he became toterested inHay, (Sunday,) toe play which toe witoess saw, at vassers, on toe Tuesday after election. Thus the ntoe o'clock In toe eventog, was witoessed by an;and we hear now only faint echoes from afar of the the aflairs of and ventured Portagal,as " outsiders," so tbat all whoexplana- tory ejaculation, a stale of toe "last resoit" Tae result upon Cotmty Treasurer was for a long time In audience of two or three hundred people. The actors counsel havtog enlarged on ttiat part of his brief re-treated and"tumuituotis greetings" with which the heroes are his opinton as to toe feasibility of certam operations meant to pay for their trip tiad not only opportunitybeiofwelcomedastheyreachtheirseveralunions andtoexerthimselftotoecauseofDonPisxo.Con- butcompulsiontoobtatotoelrtickets. Thetrainand electoral divisions throughout the country. Dub- siderable sympatoy was felt in this coiutry for Don started exactly at 5:10, and halted between Mortimerlin, at all events, is well rid of them. For two mortal Pxsxo, and an expeditton imder Capt Sasiobids lett and Bastogstoke. A move, however, was soon in-nights our leading ctreeu were given up to the do- the Thames to support of his claims. Eventually the sisted on by toe police, both Bibxs and Hxni beingtow "Sympathizers" were brought up and fined in who succeeded to vanquishtog the fleet of Don Miscsl. don,) and toe train retraced its way to Reading, and trlfllag' peoaltiss for such peccadilloes as window- He encountered this fleet consisttog of two Itoe-of-bat- tocnce proceeded on the Hungerfora branch to Alder- braak&VUid smashing the hats of those who dared to tle ships and two frigates, besides several corvettes, maston. Hrisr was seconded by Jan HosoBrss and reraaia.Oji>T«ied,whiie the soldiers of the Church went brigs, and a lebeque on toe 3d of July, 1833. He at- JiHMT Wiisu, Paddock having toe good offices of by la rhythmic march sublime. "Finis" is now writ- tacked at once, and brought toe action to a speedy JiKBT Nook and Jsh RoBinsoif. After five roimls, oc- ten ia Use book wlilch recordeth the doings of the last close by boarding toe enemy from his flag-ship. Short cupytog ten mtoutes, toe " Infant" was declared thedoubtThebalanceswentalteratelyupanddown, wereinstogedress; toeentrancetotheg^den latingtoquestionsoflaw.proceededltoaddresstoejury imtll at last all tbe retoms were to, ^nd Mr. Abbols was free, but an admission fee was charged at the on the question of fact, dwelling chiefly on toe theorymnitenof a mob. At the police a command of toe expedition devolved on present, (doubtless eitoanced by telegraph from Lon- offices^yesterday Capt NAPixa,and toe stage was arranged vrito scenes, representing That transaction tiave been a moral coa- " May. mayrtmatoed to his He possession.The Rain of the Grand Traak From the London Times.The ruin of the Grand Tninkhas, however, otoerwhile, to allhonesty,thinktog "exploittoe was throne,to the torown around the enttrahonored wito toe upontitle of Viscount Capo SasMr. Antoon, for toe could not have Bxu. or Dooolas for muUer's place at Nos. 199 and 201 Bowery as toe last jury. A false air bad beenthen summed upVimoskts, Portuguese fleet. Napibb, however, was dissatisfied wiih subse- quent dealtogs which he had with toe Government and especially with toe reduction of toe fleet, and he soona water." So wito our Union tified to toe same character and condition of Linden- brtog me glass ofpeople,and WM appototed Admiral-to-Chief of toeRailway Company besides its unfortune con-They butintent of the of a manMtoe Portuguese service mearned so much dlsttoction, however, toat if was dlCcnlt for him to find employment to England.when^B '^Si^flt,o TMVi^Ta2nd devotlrjn religimtboth to expresskepttoought down ruto on atoough it must be remembered toat he was only by toe liighest commercial authorities to toe City ofNo movement was made tountil Mr. Flood was found to tie defeated, prevails, ro- tbe legal (iMsttom latsed tbe defence wereoon-oppouenta. TMs, however. Sir CiuMiJpVhtiiit was >ool«cquentlyinthe habit ofdola*,adhadi^tttoeorreetty. [Areaied aaalalyto— 1 any eonqoered provtane whteh ^feeUags —g PuMilm Coorta ta eonntwiinee Ui sehemM £iiM^hrp».2r?iS"JS#s tlielDuboretiOBsofliiji pen and tonguawere fMs»t- of e uoderiHtiag. Then for tM Sliirinto^araStos ttitzaa our eleettontttllidtb* pirajmaiihr,ifnot U halp,eqaallr RiudanthePapilGovern»«A"•R»«»tanwarkroxBoutallten, and, with miieh are MdMute,moSTB!L'.J?***azpeotMtheP*an the oomprahaiuloa of ordlnar; ohMnr-1?*7*7 '•*J:_*"iJ5."i*.?*'2'^*^'^''f ".IS "PMnted to thecmosiind witosuchmassesof Know that IH^M^lK^n^t bx>aoDUi?!!L'^TM»»leai•n. It li aworld tbat de-aad do have Brooklyn, them toW»aaeas « laa second toe fleet Theremust bethe ence to righttrustedtime wito the comcoaaJ of were fieroe recri-utoatioas, The Franco- Beige Battalion at which had liettor now be forgotten. airCuaai-LSIItoat throu„gh of Can-himself."U;" but be reiorned toanks accordtog to toe customdefendant;toeffervescence of ehampaaae at toe rhevere rllmata of Canada qnrii^rtiwr£ Unaconducted, werevt^hial At toe next aesston oFflieisYork. They may have 8mii5?'S*S?*» Kaw-prosperity has\%e hmaSTowaAcii]r.teadlaw of the case he made some strong,and duties prescribed by stotnte, aad can exercise aoblown up. Interrupted toe Russian commerce, ana In the State ot Maine. The line 1. made on toe powers otoer than those expressly conferred upon vIewBof aOermaa Society imdar theaame ~»gPortUnd.of a very bad buaiiuMS by carr>liig off the whole ali'alr for six mcn^hH ke,<t In a stote of toar.tlon certaloly brtiadiiuiiKe, after tbe pattern of toe Great Western. toem.questloBorganizedfartheraivuor>S—tbe a In tiie of the Brigade as speedUy as possible. This was larged tte knowledge of the Gulf of Ftoiand to navi- of t alBc. Add to this that consi.lered as a roaii w- ahrged IrreguiartUes frauds- occurringclnMr vonKtte-FopeUuUtulionsbehind the orandpallonhas been an must tase our word for what we say, for the eolamnt when n 1th trr>ops, ana wilea gujiiKiats cto be usei U^ rtw-Yoik fcntral. to which, perhaps, weotOht tionsauuarity which are hardly credible. Uur readersiand n hat they cannot doumlergo the eoiapetl-^tloa of two pjiwerfiil American Railways, tke Hrto' judicial tribunal, taking general jurisdiction;of elec-wasa"Up»f*y " drawbacks Uievaj.ta^e is tost to It, as we havetiota tujtng orators that tbe lri«h Brigade dies, but does not the ocean, for all legitimate purposesof naval war- that we have mentioned are iahetent In the veryhis life haudt ao few evideneas Kglivvienwhen It started—thatrtiaUei'^iie ooUtlcal uhiloeopher may draw surrender ;"—mh«r a bold figure of speech to aidresa fare." As usual. Sir Charles got Into diffinu'- nature of toe casetoEussianprogrea. tosomehundredsofmen,everyoneot wiiomhad ties wito his in- been (AlliedItfalselycalledIs toshowa, durtog sixtoatordevottaata;oommaat^ thSttls trnmld ha or other- called an idolatrous show. C<masel had even hsaiAmurclie4 through Cork andhighest popular enthusiasm. They attended Divineservice, where an approprlaw sermon was preached whatto their honor. They were told by one of toe clerical say, one of toe most irresistibie toat ever flo»'.ed oa motithi. o the year. Some of toe would be an outrage greater than toat committed at any religion at aU.cvnitog a second time tbe representative uf a mxiro-that, fiom the Caar dowawaida, thare Is not one Ru*. ofl almost uasealhed. What bitiur mockery to at- Ra<ilcal, alter his hearty honest raablon, and as such quliy tofo the stole of too Atlantic and St Lawrence Hill-s Reports, 42. The People tu. Pease, aO Barber's wasonlyato&to prtiaaet ttemaatvea^oaZr^^.k (XMuaaed the Italian reroJution.such He:n" means avoided thefully beliOTt had adopted. The Irish on toe same osca^iun came polltan borough in Pariiament^ He was an ar lent toe Lp(:lsiKiore. We also recommend a careful In- cranttog power. qnoted Sxpmrtedan in a hundred rho doe* aot rejoiceaecretlv that tribute to these men heroism wtiloh they aaw exertod had to 1641, after hla Acre ezptoit, recoinmenJeAnatrla should be humbled br the niccesa of her bold by othera belore their eyes, only that they might avoid self to toe electors of Harylebone. After toe Bai'lc Ti unk. As to the termsBnt however etoquent suspicton might be. Itwm^Swhteh thatwlto whioh It was ac-to Ida own frouliera hna indneed tbe Cxar to accept slightest efftuitn ofUood ? Should it ever be the fato vacancy. The fatigues of toe recent session proved erished by (he toll of the Oraad Trunkthe proposals foi4 reconciliation. Policy has got the of Ireland to receive back tbe shatwred remains of a too much for even his iron frame. About ten days been to mant a source of 'iches. We that toetu. 14 Barber's People Cook,Reports, 97.proofTbe first witoess for defence waa Witliam r^^npurchaseup ofthe Austrian Empire oilgtat bring tke revelation mlsslon, which did not even color its cowardice by the repreteutotiou of which borough his death (^pates a e<ini|<8iiled, ce'rtoto it Is that, whoever may be impov- worth(>x>k, 4 Seldea's Repdrts languageaad pertiBaclous enemy. Only the fear that a break- i'S dangers and Its glories by a base and tame sub- cruise he won toe sweet voices of Soutowark, to the w*» nude, and toePeopleTBI TESnMOKT.Fight In EDKland for the ChampioDshlp. From the London Globe.bed,doubtless sharing the common joy felt by toe Repub- stotote.Thebetween Sam Staleybridge tofant," and tbe renow-ned Tomday of toe otiier.the Paddockj' long-pending fight•'havingbeenidea toat Christianity forms a part of toe eoBuaoaHcrst, appototed to come off yesterday,were bvprevented means to which apockets for a week, until com- pelledtoproducetoemtotoecapacityofCountyCan- anyotherplaceaswellastoachurchBebttljb,and, though toe roughs" assembled, toey wereSupervisoryon the 20to ofaspectsA vast amotmttoeysubstitute, Abhold, fot County Treasurer,on the 20to ofMayhadThe was awas nonection witocountry has been to this undertaktog, and its presenthold. we are TTnfortunately,and drank toe local water, aitoough the national oysters wereseenthe plav differed in no scene to behold,vSw-s.royalty.of capitalto this""'"„''„ 'V^gJprospects carry distress and to anxiety manytato toe exact particulars of toe case."yonr copy"performance who ?ff'"**""", witoessedaleasefromEdwardHam- onthestandtoatI|I;Iiremedy he raised dian ParUameat foriThe liahllltieB England are 'estimated at about £2,018,000. What toey are in Canada we do nottwo cents aand toeRepublicanshe stiouldbeenaccounted forbythe defsadantfa wlto wlliMiiisia.Companytofied to havingmon to defendant of toe premises at Nos. 199 and 201been leased, was to «»a*e enomfk mamtf «atheenue derived from thesense of toe after that jurors, this, ta'profesatoformatlon.commonIndeed the very existence of the Aasoelalion badwas of batUe. They had to native element "The attack on Acre was a very toe concern, we may toquire what It is that has simply one of Democratic factions, and diminished tlieHB. JAHES T. DBADT'Bchargeswhich it has tomeet,said should be throwndurtog;loss on the rest of toe week, and tooughta house- not even able to ascer-denied them.You have never been ta Troy,on the front of tlie toeatre was Ltodenmuller's Mr. Frederick S. StalUmecht, toe next witoess, testi-breato uttered toe to the same was an «'meeting, toat he proposed to Impeach toe election towhich has all the alsotohurry furnishingdistrict is aAs to toe occurencesBowery, dated April 11, i860,was an msalt to toe common understaodlag, aad1him- Ballway before It waspurchasedfor toeGrand616 1 heTbe2S9. of tbe decisions quoted isofthe Grand Trunkto otfor. a,iieaT7 luritw, ihe mlgtit poatthty ha<re ob- temjit of life when weighed against dishonor which is progress of toe 4isease seemed checked at first, he can be faMy aivl Irapaninlly writtea, for we are sure tiun Ft Icily within toe limiti of Ihe aathirity under toe dsy of toe passage of the BtUfaky Law, tle"t"a'Z'historytained aome haian'g and udgneToiu conces&lon to her toe highest merit of a soldier, wtwt honor ean she suflrred a relapse, and died yesterday morning, at hU toat it will be found full of wamtog and iastruction.also toe name of toe plays nlgbUy pcrtormed.' (WJ|ew». bestow upon tiiem which she has not already laviahed 'Bttf Faascia JoauH, thou)^ meditating conquest on on toese detected poltroons, who had not tlie heart toresinence in Hampshire. In private life he was re- vered and respected as a tender father and a faithful friend.THE CHUTA WAK. Impartant Diapatch frooi Iiord BIgla.ant was advised to put ape to meiiibers of the '-tke Po, u' net forgetfoi of hb Intefeela on the Uanuoe. Jt Ina alwaTl >een tlie .wlah of ttwse who. like oui- aairaa, irtnld gladly MB* (titHig and prosperoas Slateshed a drop of iheir blood tor toe miMrabte cause to which, now that they have haiped to ruto it by toelr eowardiOe, they to the midst of admiring thousandsTbe Lateat per Tanderbflt. LivsapooL. Wednesday, Nov. 7.The Eina, from New-Tork, arrived to-day.matters, the locceas of a candidate trill not depend soiiiuch tbe DDmher of votes received, as upon toe npuDlokenuirvandskilloftheCanvassers."This was put up^ _ Constitotioa drawa'n.ia Ceatral Eoiope, llaat A,i|<tria would look eastward, piofosa Ibcir devoUonT Ireland is bankrupt of recom- «Bd, resigning all h<^>e of coercing ttta Italians, would pense, for she can give nothing to bravery exerted to TindeitaM the task of dereleplng and ctrilizlng her the best cause which lias not been conLdnunated by SlaTlo aad Rooman prOTlncea. It may be that ttie being lavistied upon cowardice In the worst.Thetog to toe affair on the Pel-ho, to toe London journals.receivedit has been toought prudent frequently in war to from Lord Eiaiit, and is published, with otoers reiat- tions. BaxADSTivps quiet Paovisioiis quietXnq)eror1ook8forwaiu to Influence in this directionaa an indemnity for bto loeaei In Italy, and sees In theTreety <4 Pails a seourlly for himself not less than forthe Sultan. Or the pride of the Hapoburg may revolt are and partly to the hope tbat the ciiaracter whioh inmtb«feadtgnityoffcnoonelngforBisprirataadvan- hasbeenlostononeoccasionmayberecoveredon Tien-tato,vass followed by a nub of heated partisans to disprove and was asked to read a Oermaa papef pndvai*ai3overlook gross misconduct on the field of battle, part- ly Irom an unwillingness to admit todt such toingsArrived ship Frank Baul/, firam New-Orleans, andby their testimony the estimate made by proper au- th rit> ?"said to lie a copy of toe constitatloa la questioaT^ O^anotoer. But for toe ^rie^tliooJ, and at leakt mmy proceed to Pektog to advance of too army. The dis-iraaswad toand ttiat this was a copy toereftoOfC.The Court however, decided that adefeaiaatfollowingis the' latestdlspatehIt will be observed that his Excellency hareachedjection was made by Mr. Anthoa, aa be bad aa aoiiM Judge Pasbbb alluded to the case of Judge Hooa- or knowledge of Its coBtents. TheoWeettoawasnirfrom w hlch we that he toteuded to presume.district The case, aitoough it went to toe Inportmnt Action of a Board »f Cenaty Oaa- Appeals, was not reported, and Mr. Bsaoh liad claimed it, from memory, as fumishtog a precedentICkace, fromWHtTCONSTITUTESANBI.ECTIONt wereoppostogcaindidatesto1849,totoe3dCJuoduirctiaolf defendanttbattoeoriginaldo>conimimeenntshIsipdrobvaeaWatlotfe.RrtnrDB of Inspectors of Election—Opla-their llratlntervli*w,U is said, allowed their zeal to niibout a scratch to Italian Generals and My dispatches tocluse translations of several com- loBs of J ndge Parker aad Harrla. electtog Judge Wxioitr, was never jusUfied or sus- jtfr. roUner was then recalled, and stated thai thadfKM, OoaTaouxorr and Ricbbixs having at show them toat toese Papal recruits have surrendered rived last night at tols place.hnrry them into some wamth of expression. This re- armies, to persist to loading them with toe munications which I have received from the Chtoesemost exaggerated praises, ia really such awe veruy believe has never been attempted stoce the beginning of thefunctionaiies.A perusal of tbese various documents will, 1 think.brought by JudgeanHdogbbroeofhe,reteoseexCaomuirntedwent bevhoitnerd itnoe ballot- box, by Stephen-'^hakerAssodatioB."stretch of impudence as ,world. Therecreantsofouroldplays—Faroiles,that peace,utthuughhehasnotqaitcyttmadeuphismtndtoN. Amidournumerouselections, it ishardlytobe"— gallant ancient" Pistol, Bobadil, and Bessusam instructrji lo demand. His reluc-of toe Board of Canvassers, but did not confirm it Will not somebody write this case ?strut talalydoremauibeh^dconaideratlonstowhichweandswaggertilltoeircowardiceisdetectedbythe -tancf.todosowillnodoubtbesurmountedingoo.itimr.prefer liucUvlty to succesa at such a cosu There cer-cnnctde all that Iwondered at that on sovery close between rival candidates, rendering it un-Vice-admiral Hops and Lieut-Gen. SlrH. Gbaict have exerted themselves to the utmost to prevent the the Emneror Nicaoua boasted, on the gnnite of holy by toe reward of valor. What the imagination could calamities nf wir from falitog with severity on toe;actor by LtodenmlUter to bis toeatre.maysomedaybavlKorepartlcalarlytodirect atten- tkn. Tba tl^e of revoiatioa In 1848 broke in vain, asttftofGanger;but uo one ever ventured to represent* a scene so unnatural as an uniuasked dastard crownedUs am Russia, Irat It may turn out that the present flood is not have conceived, bigoiryand folly have actually peacbble luhabliauts of toe country. This coarse is often requlrtog to ascertato tols result, toe allowance dates for to toe Putoam and Westehester iiand, of toe origtoal document, which he »a<»-«irtstrong enough to wash away the project! ons of this solid performed, but not for long. These heroes were lit- rec mmended by policy, as well as by humantty; for foratatloa. If current reporta be not wholly Incor- erally heroes of a day. In leas toan twonty-four hours here, as in otoer parts of China, the people, when un-yondfor calm, deliberative action. This ended toegated imm support in a powerful quarter, ia said to be thebeliefofSt.Peteraburg. Shouldthesesuspicions prove coneet, tlie three Prineee may draw closer to- gether,tut<t<m«,we<*>>*,i< longbeforetieytaietlu jUidm mtek a eoMMe 09 the Austrian ^ondnumm Italg,Vbe Tote far AMBesattab From Ike London Timet,We have received the following telegram from :readily for sale such supplies as the country affords. Lieut-Gen. Sir Hops Gbaitt has found a sultobieencampment for toem in toe vlctolty of toe town. The persons (gentry of tols place) who were ap- to procure supplies for San KoLiKStB's armymerelycontain toe necessary facta.Upon this opinion toe Bosrd decided toat toey couldnot go behtod toe returns, and late last rdght awardedvated and thinktog menIreland arose Irom toe dust to jvl^chshe had pios- trated herself before toe most abject and contemptible object which could be presented to her, and at once exjjlsted her folly and confetsed her penitence by dis-molested, prove to be toe most useful purveyors for toe wants of toe army.tlie Emperor ALxxAiisxa has been much startledby the atmade of the Poles, who, oh his visit to War-aaw, received tilm with a coolness which he fanciedhighly slgnlfleaiit. Having relaxed much of thestrictneaa of his father^ rule, and given the Poles a missing and forgetting these make-believe warriors.liberty to wlifch ihey had been unaccustomed, theCiar, lathe regular course of Uiings, might have ex-pectedafavorablereception. Butthedlenceofthepopulation haa, it teems, only tended to confirm sus-^loonstliat were, abroad before his visit. That thePole* are unquiet, aad that the movement is insti- world to toe same decdJe wito toe French Revolu- found toat they were not maltreated, and offeiedtirally to the hands of another tribunal toan toat ofand the production to evidence of the copy wasby counsel. The tatroduction of toe prisqaer^ evi- dence was ruled against, but a translatloo onhs aopy of toe constitution was admitted, the proseeullaarect,ingiDeath of Sir Charles Napier. Trom the London Timee.contests will be recollectedoneuponaveryexten- decidedtoattoeBoard could not gobehind the re- tion.wltotoecasesive scale, to which toe office of State Treasurer was turns, to case toe inspectors allowed unregistered Constitatton of toe Religious Sect called flie Oa-- persons w vote, or if they believed an election bad man Shaker Association."—The undetilgaod hanhfof illustrious men who came into thetion Is fast dying out. The stirvivors of toat epoch are now more tow threescore and ten years of age, and very few of toem are left. To-day we have to chronicle toe departure of one more of tbe small—Admiral Sir Chasuis Napiss. It has often groupTbe groupclaimed by Jahbb M. Cooz and Bibjahib Wilch, Jb. been vmfair(y or illegally conducted but ;been our duty to &e later years of his life to speak tliat service for us. I have, ic,single persons,speaU^plainly of toe gallant old Admirul, out in anything that may have fallen irom us we hope that we haveELGIN AND KINCARDINE. The Lord Johit Rcbbul, &c.made byaBoud of County Canvassers, respecting toelr powers and duties to this matter, it deserves to be recorded as a precedent;never forgotten hb^ real merits. These were Wito Ibis dl.cpatoh toe Loudon Times appears to beof no mean order, and fairly entitle lilm to toe ad-OUT Naplee oonespondent Matlss, Sunday, Nov. 4. miration and gratitode of his countrymen. In hts greatly dissatisfied, and makes toe following com-as we wish to be treated ^Thehotel-keeperaofNew-TorkandAlbany ourfellteowt-hmeawordstotbe "Lovebythai,aa-Tlie ftiUtciu has been declared to-day. The votes name is summed up all toat he was. A Natixb ments :cordtog toyMlf."are: Ayes (ei) Noes...Is a man of immonse possessed high spirits," We confess ourselves to bewith the coiiuuct of our diplomacy to tids affair, soWe beUeve to toewithto us, by toe Goddesstoe sacred bongs who, by the streagto of thefr sooli^ have tlwusands tbe of virtuegreat Ingenuity, prodigious egotism, and a critlctl orReady, aye ready," school, is gone. We shall never thus toat a permanent peace Is to t>e obtotoed wito Napietl la enfUe. PxaDOia, Friday, Nov. a. N more see his ruddy, jolly countenance twitchtog imder Chtoa. We went to China thus strong In arms, notriving wWsaat their arms."ills broadbrim, as iji his blue coat and white trowsers to order to obtain atreaty alone, but to order to punishhe trudged down to toe Bouce heavily burdened with a per fld> as well. If we have aught of mauly honorduct to reslgntog a highly lionorable official position, guided to paths has it toat divers sums of money were spent by toese under circumstances which cannot but redound to rality.The ijpttac^eo the qoaetion of annexation has com-requestfor toe purpose of enabling toem to give public ex-1,302,084 10,312DiAB SiB: A number of your professional brethrenaai mo- We believe that toe Goddess Nature, MeraU- gentlemen wlto toeir colidagues, and a good story is your credit, and ttiat you will name toe day and Humanity formaTrlidty,beft>rew)^webo«toeoretlcal which tocites to deeds of astound- facultybeen todlcatedtoe of fragmentsupon Ouvaa A. Abbold, also a merciiant of Troy, al- toough reeioing to toe town of Saliagticoke. Rumorl^eueve lafar as it ^aaThe priseaers from Capua, 9,000 In number, are ar- ing audacity. And so anotoer Napisa, anotoer of toe dispatches to which we are now treated. It is notof people at the urns is extraordl- a speech ai toe sorrows of the Navy. He has fired In our policy, we went toere to toflict punishment,he Is gone to the liaven of his rest. We not upon the wretohed soldiery whom we found de- ifbtwHtstaading tlie French occupation and the will forget long speeches and wordy letters, to remem- fending toe mud-banks upon toe sea-coast, nor uponno of pretencehis last gunber hUn only as he was to bis prime—for and sell money,idesofcome noble citizens of toe Universe.We declare our theee,;votmg except toemselves without any reserve to toebumaa bve ; we strive to elevate aeateSUrltog. on l^e eto of Uarch, 1780. Uis family trace of immediate rutowe went there to strike The ratoraa received of the voting in umbria and toeir descent from toe celebrated Inventor of at toe directtog head to which toe treach-Toan, Tuesday, Nov. S.;Conrf Caleadar—Fob Mobbictbe Marches give ver; satisfactory reaults. iogaritoms. His father, after whom he was named, ery from which we sufferiKi was planned, and purse. Perfect order and enthusiasm prevails everywhere. was toe second son of Fbakcis, the fifth LorihNAPisa. to hunilhate In toe face of the Empire the Gov-nightHe entered the navy at toe age of 13 as a volunteer, ernment which hadCCTfccaHaa afthe Ez-KIng>s Property. and served on board a great variety of vessels, fro.n our CotmrTymen To this end there was bat onesloops to flagships, on rnany d'^^TTit fitatif"^, ^"-^^m jiroper course, and that course was to refuse to accept The OficvU Oazette of Naples puldishes the thejiorto Sea to the Mediterranean, and liom Itie agato promises which already have prove<l so worth-809, 1021, most ss much toea asgether; tbese receipts were for admisaion to the;foliowlig Important decreeCooslderlng that on that deplorable day, the iftth ofMediterranean to toe West Indies. These were the lessgrotmd ""1936, 1938, 1940, 1942, 1944, 1946, 19S0, I9S2, 1954, 19S6, com- )95a:dredknembers,waaoae.mighty NeUon days, but it was not Sir CHaaLsa NvHay, IMS, the government of the Bourbons violated Fix&'s good fortune to be engaged to any of the great reached toe walls of Peking, and toere to exact the every agreement to which it bad sworn, filled the city naval battles for which toe early part of toe present most public apologies for the breach of faith publicly vriih ten^r and blood, and Ibr the authority of the law century is renowned. Our cruisers, however, were cnmmined, and public assurances toat the treaty ofrise, and each opened a shop.menced toe auction by bidding ii a vote. Demo- Sdpbbiob Coubt—Port /.—Nos. 703, 222)4, 937,33634. had been a spectotor at LtodenrnQller's place whsa crats " saw " ihe five, and went two better. Tneir 71S. 1045, 1063, 413, 1065, 1067, 1071, 1073. Part 11.— clad to citizen's dress. He hadpaldtbe adoilBsieBliHcourage,utterly disappointedBank. The Democrats and Bell-Everetts united master-Gen. Mitetaellof tbe aool ImalaatadThe Cavalry brigade, consisting of two squadrons of King's Dragoon Guards, and Fabb's and PdOBT.^r's Horse, wito Stislikq's 6-pounder Battery, have just arrived. 'They perfornred the journey from Pei-ho to tois place by land. Mr. Waob. who, at my request, accompanied them, reports toat toeir march has been most prosperous ; that the people, toough greatly alarmed at their appearance, took heart when theycandidate,arTguhmeeBnotsa.rd of Canvassers, to this quandarv, decided to take counsel of the Attorney-General; but as heEolnteadt Mr. Paxxxs' instance, tmdertaken to ave,diatelyand of severalyetbyare desirous of testifying thefr ^proval of con- your^toe daring and tbe poor trembitog underlings who to toeir duplicityhighestbidder.h«> Stioday acta, to beMrnlgl-;perfirlouslydurtogthe rest of ttieto instead of to sternly refuse, eagerlyof which number witoessThe next witoess was Officer Jeremiah W»oi. Haof ten cents. He was not a member of tha TTniBMa Shaker Association.Nos. 2184, 2077. 2198, 2290, 4629, 1870,solicit, all overtures for peace until toe avenging armv hndperformaddressesfouikled oh moralityand toat speculatton Introduced Unton majority.dayto further tbe refhtatfaia ofthe which reject eral ioea sanctioned by the Coostitution It- attempted to deCsad this subterfuge.whlchthr<{Taiidpossesses is Ihe shorter vot-Iriegulailty, outside toe retam.others have obviously by mismanagement. Tne line, remembered, could not be mBieto a (ton-matethaaa 'rtberlagthaJudge Corrtspon ience ofthe New-York Times:^ On cross-examination by Mr. Anthoa, witoess AMcertato fur atime which of toem iaandupon testimony,and not settie toem to other by places;Hon.AhasaJ. Pabxib,ofAlbany,followedmost convhudng '^argument on toe same side, fined entirely to toe law of the case, claimingof nroperty leadingmembers ofHeath, • beporlA, ibS. Tke People m. Storms, f Ulll's Report,upon guaiarteemanyoccasions is toe votePabxkballudedtuoptoe oftoetowto hadreadtoemIwto thJruodwgevery Issue of fact Into potlhiecCyourts to decideRailway, hopeChief Justice Nilbob says "Id cuLcluslon,! iranld add, that it is the duty of Courts to restrato thedotogs of Canvansdrs ot Eleo-plaoa of; UadeaaOiMtstold to reference to Grafton, a town of tillsnoted lor toe utter venality of its electors, who malis pwreshsaivoen toe honor to be,Reput>aopponentsbid$8,andtoevoterswereItnockeddown 18.7i4,834, 502. 522,"State, equally tolerattogall sects and creeds. Theover three hundred votes were to toe2178. Part /fHe first argued to tos Court tbe imconstttotloiialltf of toe Sunday law. The decision of the Cevrtmarket busted."competition, secured a rousing majority for his party,lab<:sides with returning—BUKDAT THKATRS8 ON TBIAL—CASI NOT ed in vast evil to the community, tliat was a quntlaa — for moralists, not for Courts. It was true that though FI>ISHED AEOUMZNTS Or HX8SB8. BBADT, toeliquorlaw didnotdeprivetoeownersofliquorof toe possession toereof, it yet litoited them to toe gaa- eralusewhichmightpreviouslyhavebeenmadeofit insuchamannerasverymuchtolessenItsvalue. IAin his Politicalstrategylike this couldnotbeexcelled,money time to vote himself In Troy.pocket,justwhich process resulted in toe re- opposition "pasters"toemurderhad be«n shownto such cases made and and went to provided,Liiicolb,Bother take toese cottotrymen," said toeweek as ChristianityTrojans why don't they bring to toe returns!" The impos- sibility of ascertatoing the correct result to manyrow to toe afterof toeelected,and toe transferringThesent out two noted political brokers, wito the munifi- 26, 27, 28, 20, 31, 32, 33, 3S.—before election toeshed ttie blood of cent sum of $400 in toeir pockets. The Democrats 1got wiiiU'uf tills ;hastyraiseof$600,to and a band paidslight approachThedetatoed on a Saturdaylong stoce been exhausted. Tbe Adoilral impracticed eye elements of the most perfect toe Elghto Ward. So toe Cotmty Canvassers decided can held for any opinion he enter- noon. If parties wonM consent, toe charge wo"'*??..^accused toe and tbe Commodore for disobeying orders, and securitycombiningapparentlyto ansecures toe same freedomofoptoion.Nomanlylntejbrajurytobe^te^^'*^J'_^ '".r"^,prodUeswouwtod^n only be discovered by a microscopic UL^^."»?"*' "dltary and a great poUtical event May to November or December,a number of af- which toe fidavits, tendtog to show toat toe Inspectors Of Eleo-«<»eTsmtnatloB, the Irish somehow or other became «oer8 of war, ana have been sent back to their native?^,„^..J. f i'V"" "" P»rt more toan justified hisbad not compiled wito toe Registry Law; extreme werepris-;and of toe question0>is,XtIak^eJnnulp.1*i'rlty. Itisenough to say that toe of Acre was toe first place, durtog the six or seven montos from stormtogAttoefirstsessionMr.Bbachreadsoulsofotoers.toanyremarxsfor da.shand darJug. He was made a Knightt^Uberal viewstiled;buthe carried thesean and candidates, almost Insuperable dlfiicultT, but this diffi-day to the same liberalworship, but of relaxatton and and tbe Ignorant observe It maaaer. The defendant in con-Coart of Geaeralon8essle«*"". y»,'"e 'brough toe personality of stvie which he exhibited to thebeen openedcarriedup a newof toewhetoer the returns Inspectorswere toeHe tinutogThis court opened-^^^^"^ „dTermtoerTSof bis Government and treatotent which were a ana plaints fool,<j)g heM«* before they had time to commimicaM perpetuaUy complaining toat his merits are^fiij of their TToes to profane ears, and by faU cognized, and to insist apon It that toe neglect of to soutoem side. The result Is tbat Iron Quebec to theUntitled Documentdurtognavigation of toe St Lawrence is open, toe railway has to compete wlto toe finest and cheapest water shorUrS«^«^oa' communication to toe world, all toe difficulties ofdoes not faU toto licentiousness, or violate moral lawwhich characterized toe election mand of toe Cuannel to be tiirown out He claim-^°%^^' WUUarnMulligan.fS^ ?f.t"J^„-?^7„".»!?i-'!"?«».Fleet of toe Rideau and WeUand Canals. should cause toe returns Canada Is as yetFtalev.McGoHgh, John Eran, WJ'^*?"""*^^Kaji tlo ^wOo'rik hiu, c]riUcal faculty. a thinly peopled country, and one the prtocipal ex- ed. In toe course of a very briUant argument that ^aind he'suggested not ports of^ which consist of very bulky arU- toere should be some tribunal between voters of,ehOn tbe cles, such as com and timber. This was alone to decide whetoer elections tiad not a ofContinent is ofEorape Sundayline common with his cou.,tos "t irnot wlsl would haveinland, countryit on bothtoat custom people. tounderstandhim as^turday «ff°^'^';^to treat of all with asrerilv Itrun for hundreds of miles in of each other. sightmayto this, to catch the retom- Again, Quebecback by his discontented mercenaries. It hi not wiseSvaaSetaitnlned antlclpato pubUcquestiontoacontestofpersonalitiestobe nortofideoftheSt.Lawrence,whiletherailwaythat£roughtto anv man to reuu^f- a '^eatand Montreal are situated boto on toenot r«^ 'connects toem iscarried on toe through a wild forestMHttaCka datmdant was not resisting toe lawiJlZi^^^j-ryretsB-ia T«dtetculty would have been mucfr diminished had been fairly conducted or not and tohear counsel on boto sides.toln wouldviews to manner tliat he sees fit so as he aawng themselves, or bstentog any long'*T?l'Conrttoenadiour7.ed tillo'clock, when toe following cases will beOAIKIHIAB.toat forty ballots voted for Mr. Flood had not been counted, andwbettier soch an reached to toe present case, the jury are towhereac^« fiJes of it, Instead of skirting, as it does, the very stated that toe Board of County Canvassers had pomr ty to defcad defying toe law. Hbef.otrheetrhee-effrintery, to sa^"aT^oto«rS edgeof the water, so tbat toe trato and the steamerIt from fore.jropoaad the present casegeiAat )Bsr hy. «T«^J|^ tneana. If toe verdict weread- c'ou^raTur<^--^'^^and from a decision to the Court of Ap- BWaala tteMlHnnt here, the case would be tokenIn ^ toat bodyhavingadutytoper- 4ott|tBtqaaaMWhrtandtheCourtofAppeals. ."in'thrcaseofAlexander•»'-^^-iagiisd^fti**-*'-^prtaciples,peals, to toe effect«wUl of toehere, did not wish toe communi- ten to motion to «It haacopying.Be knew the defendant,and hia -—ismTii' -aaaZaScounty,to those feelings. Awaiting yoiu early reply, YOUR FRIEND AND WELt-WlSHKR.IxAW RBPOKTS,any .form were tovested with tbe poww BMMMtT •••»• »IW>iywW| ihrt fc» designs to test its constlwtionalityI0K%law to ohmHo.vs. Sone of toeIntit.People Storms,:oaqlMrewise to ascertain toe facts as to any alleged fraud orChoiaa. say, to tke foat'Tbat the assumption of thU power by the Boardwith, no doubt, he was to owing, sorry1which hey t. requires no great''"'"""'"tained. But In toe writ of warranto fuohaed toat he was a maetalnlst eversawtoeoriginaldoeumeatwasamoathaaa had never compared this copy wlto the origiaaL'brtlongor ol defective tous it District tCooenSgtroetsesCanvassers decided not to look be- was now at the defendant's hotise.rejection ballots, leavtog prac- toe returns. Judge Pabkzb concluded by hop- A renewed offer of Mr. Llndenmfiller's INos. 64U. 830, 844, 686, 696, 488, 882, 884, 886, 888, 890,—112, 299, 1710, 380, 381, 1863, 2105, 2109, '2312, 2289.quentiywhen the Kepuhlicois were, as they said,Then toe Democratic war-horse had toe game to hisown hands. lie bid $1 a vote, and, there being no BALLIOAH ACQClrriD—THE JtJRT OCT ALL HIGHT bad decided that, aitoough the sale of liquors result-**ties name.evidence.prisonergonetotopossessionIttatotog veryooaoetniag the observanceSunday.onlyascertato amusement The reSnedCoart of Oyer aad Teradaer.In the case of MartinUoiited the operations of the defendant's toterests, but absolutelytoeir value.matotog on toe ballots till toe latter got to toe box and a verdict until 4 o'clock on Saturday morning, when ny toat toe prisoner had hired toe premises to theCourt,rouller, todicted for exhibition of toeatrical perform-Anthon,prosecution, opened He read toe stotutehe did not see thetoelr Supervisors take charge of toe returns of toe ant movtog about among toe audience, and heard him moved all religious tests, and allows every man to^ladm^ority.28(Fusion,)One of your correspondent's most pleasant personalthe play on toe 20th of May was entitled The Lost Child ;'' toere were six or eight actors,inner door ":that no evidence had been adduced in proof of ttietoeatrical character of toe exhibldon on toe Mb ofreminiscences locates itself amid toe appetizing Influ- forests, &c. The question, What difference, if any, cert, allowable by law. Indeed, it may liave been aences of a sea-side watering-place, where a friend hadbetween what you saw upon the stage that evening, mere conversation lietween half-s-doKeu actors, aboat and what you have ordinarUy seen at toe toeatres of even toe absence of a play. Perhaps toe proprietor this City,'' was objected to by toe defence, on toe having determined to forego toe performance, to viewmade over huge preparationsfor an "nightroast" at breakfast the next morning. But, oysters grounds that it was leaillng—that itoyster-toere were none at toat looked-forward-to .meal, so prove what was done elsewhere, and tiiat toe witoess nation at tils act The paucity of eridence on thisfriends. Prtsident,and prosecuU-jnwere content wlto electtog, as aMr.;It played at toe Stodt Theatrerespect from toose which are plaved In otoer toea- opened toe defence professed belief that this toatort-ofllisa It foresasl to seetb.'t li th J are alloired to pass this bonadur, and toV r) Ike result tiy the totrodactton of eztransoaa except to Gonai-In the vs. PeopleCook. (p. 81) Willabs,J.CoTTtB—The sales, toKlay, wlVprobably reach Tht etrictaesB with trhich toese Boards [State and Counsel here offered to put the daCnteot otf'ita10,00(1 bales, iacludtog 3,000 bales to speculators and CwownJuty Canva«ser0] sBhoold tie held to toe recoM before stand to prove toe character of the ConsUtalioZ for export, market at them, Is dictoted by sound policy and enlightened iri4- This wss objected to, and the olgoettoe sostahMdr^ clostog steady, Friday's quota- dom. Wha could desire to see uie cinse or every can- Mr. Stalkjuekt waa then pat apoa tba stand aota.BocHagatostJudgeWbiobt,whentoesegenUemen tatoed. Theoflbrwasthanhe saw, also, the same" performance asaround toe case, and especially spiritwitnessOfficer Mtoor,ktod of love piece," and tvitoess;play previouslykpcrcoosuknuttioofnh.i^shis religious;resort" to Californiato which expression toe Cwut,hadandexpectedtomakemoreonSunday toeperformancesays:affidavits. In toe case of Kbbbli and Habeib, candi- ed tbat toe paper produced waa a copy, taitoe voters, to elect achoice from toe people to tne Board of Canvassers ortoe Courts. Among toe most memorable of these was absent from Albany, toer took toe opinion of withdrawtog its objection. We give It below, as a lit-Judge Habbis, of toat city, an emtoent jurist. He erary coriosity, and as a matter of interest to cooaa*-:to form a Society for tke purpose of passiag theday of The case finally reached toe Supreme Court and require that tbe retoms be made to proper form, and the week called Snadsy, In a manner wontf of eoH-Court of Appeals, where toe action of toe Board of State Canvassers was passed upon.wheretbe certificate of election to Mr.who Imme-the electionsults are now betog so fully discussed to toe columnsof toe Tihzb, several local officers were to be chosento this county, (Rensselaer.), Among toem the posi-tion uf County Treasiuer waa to be filled.oSice t£e contest was anloiftted. Tlie Repuhlicansnomtoated as toeir candidate Ro«bb A. Flood, a mer- —chant of thia city and President of toe Manufacturers' have addressed tbe qipended note to ez-Quartar- asDurtogjust passed,national re-For thisAbbold,took toe oath oToffice.As ft is claimed that this Is one of tlie first dedstons:ImmortaUtyNature. WeThenextwitoesswasJfr.FredrickJTroanhal- Ms Republicans UiJiTKD Staits Distbkw COITBT Nos. 611, 22, was connected wito defendant's establishmeat asSuraxHi CuuKT—OiBOBii-—Forr /.—Nos.ISU, 150U.lS2i, 1517. IStl, IS3S, 1S37. iS49, ISSl, 1X3, 1091,1461, liM, 14I>. m, 967, 33J. Part 7/.—NOS.al- week ta"uispatched a war-horse of toelr party after toe enemy. 1678, H26, 1004, WX, 1928, 1930, 1932, 1932)4, 1934, toe members. In May last toere were atwut twobu^made aThe rival arrived on toe politicians"and about sun-beforetbat ofwlto organ. Incense, full bands of music, and ceremonyofponpaadiplander whieh tnariaH-iZ? toatton cah ooneelre. Ia fldssuch a spirit of totolerance tbat all thisSocietywas formed and' awasordent and Secretary were appototed.whichsignedbythirtyfortypanoaa. APiaEpaper produced was a copy of tbe CeatauUan^ tbe uad been employail aa aa The next witoess was fuUut MeUkamstr. He stat-to rest from tha labaraf receding days, and to gather streofto for the laUow-ley meet together to keep Sanday , wlto toeir families, to listen to toe useful aad sfirhmsto counsel good, aad to alwaysous mode ofworsli^TEariuoNT taauwa.;oftogether ; to represent occurrences from acavejtt^toavoid evil, andwltoour^gUaadso to act towardpractice goodstrength to keep every one from evil :;Bible, tkynaighbarSrown.We battle and work for this, our rellglao, by irepreaentotlos, by dsUseailons of the iShCtadtoe largest receipts were onslaee; He did not know whetoer or not there was a list af;cashier Suadaysof Appeals on toe Liquor law, was quoted aad applied to toe present case. The Court of Appaala-desfroyedBowery before toe passage of toe law, and had de- voted it almost singly to toe exhibitions of theatricalscsdwhen the verv men '«'*?«!'DanielItby testlmo-law was derived from toe connection to Englaad a(wito toe further pardonable tvit appendedwas^ attempt to of toe law, toey may have been expressing toefr tooig'" Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comM^HiiiiM 