 |}> plunderers fc;..TCH show fduction theresession o a [didthe work Ford madeintroducedit. Idon'tunderstandwhetherCongress-tdonal legislation is to be invoked to relieve ns-from"wewanttogoout,letusgo.Ifthey\7anttostay, let them stay. fcHjWtEK t-ATERFROMfUROPL<*ei»fc reduc- irakes money.•sc. 11,1860. isve had seve*- jndition of po*- e r>Ortition *et all mdhrham's ion- cannot bejtwillunder •m the Gnh'of t the CJovefrn- of inestimable vemment, em- r Slave St alee, f ire-circum-D-roorrow. louse tact th» bi>i, submitted Lftvr cowmlta- , the details of naster-General he entire mailMiridouri, and d route, from and Salt Lake racharge;the m: letter^ amf effractors in e*. and publicaroship service ;be rate to be resent session* amce on ninety »rwis» orderedmail contract le bill iato be»y. was to-day cretary of the **. until a suc-of the Presi- d of a privateir first meetingthe want of good faith in the Northern States, so far as tations o f the bats and the owls. Bui to go back. thereclamationoffugitiveslavesisconcerned,that Itellyouthequestionissettledinrelationtothis tbo Southern States are movingin this great revolution. great movement. Nothing can stay the hand o f the W e look infinitely beyond this petty loss of a few ne- Southern people or cool the patriotism which i s burn-run off. State.I t is* the only one instance known in thattween the States, and can only be adjusted by them. W e cannot do anything in a controversy like llr'sto bind the Stales, and it is fruitless to try it. The Senators are the representatives of the States, and if any action in hads**nrytosell IheGovern- Iby a notice ofESS.• e c . 1 1 , 1 8 6 0 . lymcnt of out- loan, &c., wasKICK (Dem., Eep., Pa.) i aCommittee onion to take up e bill provides jrv Notes, t o i duties on im-ftunmosd, John->orr.bn.Jja««fYon. Chand- «s Durkee, Fe*- , FKrlin. King, l.Wade.Wilkiii-*,«. 29; N*7».27.lution that the ;t-ed to inquire- the public aer- ieni to safety, strutted to re- jl\r branch or aduced. T h esecession por- :en up, esturday. H e > indicate my ;li ha» agitatedr only purpose iod I propone to was truly re- , who sat next fallen on us." t. This great of dissolution. •ial system i sunmistakable Commerce, The bank*>•<• ic and the \omeet its cur- i over the on- ive the great euiy been ex- n<>reabuudant y Sir, disguise kid panic. Ithe necessity o f this resolution ? But, Sir, suppose into this discussion at the present time, further than to Mr. DOUGLAS—Because the rights of the South- comesbeforeaJustice,orbeforejudgmentcanberen- thattheobjectofthisresolutionbepresentamendments remarkinresponsetothechargemadeagainstmysec- ernStateshavebeenviolated,doesthatjustifythemdered,thereisamoboffreenegroes,andwhiteswho totheConstitution,andtogiveSouthern States, tionofthecountryinregardtothenon-executionofthe inleavingtheUnion?are only one degree removed from their colored additional guaranties,. I want t o know o f Fugitive Slave Law. That law, like many others, is Mr. WIGFALL—The Senator from Illinois (Dougkis), every State participate in the deEberations o f the 491,200 were American. ' .-••*•': ..«>**',V» .msBguthey are now by" the Constitution, and the presentwe intend to avoid it if we can. The border States can city were upheaving, Louis Philippe saw the danger,>W0^$$p iS«T«'»*' y«-#'"tKS/edaswemaybebythe"tardyactionofVirginiaand „ They are sovereign States. *-* them Maryland in'tbis great inO^aient, we. may form ournotagreeonalineof.policywhichwillsecoroeqnal]haveoriginatedhere,fhoalarniingcoiitroversvwhich rights, equal protection, and equal justice, t o every -now so generally distort* the popular mmd of this greatimpracticable and impossible. Besides, you would .Constitution ? I f they were carried out in good faith, he is returned i f he turns out t o be a fugitive, ananave t o s u e i n a Court o f Massachusetts. it would be all the South would ask or demand. How there is no excitement. But, perhaps, in the twentiethThe jury who was t o decide o n your rights many of them have been violated by the Northern peo- case, the country where the public sentiment is more"would b e a jury o f Abolitionisms. The defend- ple! Look back on the history of our country. The excited, and once in a while a rescue is made, then theants who are t o be mulcted are the parties who Constitution was formed as a compromise. One was newspapers are-filled with the horrors of that rescue. to withhold those views, and ask more particularlydishonor, ana 4 ism, John Brown raids, marderiDgsj poisonings, tion of our Government and Union, t o which they less than a s an( must finally owe allegiance, they had better follow ourwealth of Virginia, and whose action was indorsed bya very large majority of members from the SouthernStates I cannot, therefore, consider it dishonorable toserve on it. While I expect nothing useful to the har-mony of the country from the action of this Committee,I shall guard against its being made to operate to ar-rest the present'action o f the Southern States in theprogress they are making to secure their equality andrights out of the Union, since they have been unable ' State of the Union be referred to the Select Commit tee. lice. How tho fire originated & unknown. • **-» to secure them in it. I n my judgment, a proper re-it be denied, fioa. I will. je Union, I s dignity andrevolts, what would be the condition of the "Border State* ? Slavery would be a curse, instead of a bless- ing, then, and they would get rid of'such slaves as were not taken off by the " underground railroad," and they would be sent Cothe Southern States. Dela- ware, Maryland, Virginia, Missouri, and Kentucky, would in i> few years add to the power o f the Free States of this Government. The slaves thus carried off from the Border States, and sold to the South, will be Confined in a few years to some eight or ten Gulf States.afraid of the opening of the African slave-trade and L'nited States four millions and a hall' of slaves. They the cheapening of negroes. lam opposed to the open-increase, according to the last Census bill, at the rate ing of the Aft icon slave-trade, because the negroes in- of about thirty-two per cent every ten vears. •If you creat-e fast enough for.our interest, protection, and ee-Mr.. HINDMAN (Dem., Ark.) wished t o propose out, and the ringing of a general; alarm, called out an •:• JJ amendments to the Constitution. He was opposed to immense throng of spectators, aad tjje streetsig t h e ' ^ legislation-for expediency. neighborhood of the fire were crowded with lockers.-on, £the sacrifices rth the'effort teiteut peace,disease—then men must n the Sooth herGrd the Northid miners be~4 prejudiced> gone overed in sayingI adhere t oparty.T h e[ " i s n o t at, becausei by violence,•—The.Chair stated upon the repetition of the applausefor bills and resolutions, and.that those relative to the Co."'s Nos. 7:and 4. A row wa* prevented hj^.the. po» W.^Ttee no reason why Washington City shall not.be con- it i s especially their coarse to bring about this very tinued thg Capital o f a Southern Confederacy.»»ate of things, and in that very form. Iking before [Laughter in the galleries and on the floor.] T h ethese events occur the Free States will be swelled by building*; are ready to our hand. [Increased laughter,]a majority thai i* irresistible. The border States will The facilities for traveling have almost annihilated dis-l e free, .the Territories West will be planted into tance,-and our extreme Southern Senators and Repre- States iy the hot-bed process of Northern Abolition sentatives would a s soon come to-Washington as toemigration, and the South will be lying at the very Ceorgia or Alabama. I, forone, Sir, would be in favor ;feet of the North. Yet the border States complain of of continuing Washington as the seat of Government, the Cotton States, i n the movement that is now in (laughter.!' Some people laugh. I don't know why.to find a verdict, where the facts would permit of a ana that a sense of justice has been restored. It has verdict. Judge McLean/Republican a s he is, hasNow, Sir, look at the process. W e have now in theStates, who know the evils of which they complain;and the proper remedy, if they could ho permitted t o bers to meet, consult, and submit an ultimatum for thedecide this question and assure you the Union would last forever.If this Union is to be severed, it is upon the groundthat the two extremes, so far from each other that theyiNDF.r-KNnKCK, Tuesday, Dec. 11, 1860^ B. P . Cheney of Boston, and Col. Jam,* Legare and S A party of four -men went t o the - house o f Morgan.Walker, eight miles east, and demanded of -him his C..H. West of South Carolina^ arc at '.be Fif^-uvenuo *precipitate all this population into 8 or 1*0 Gulf States, we will have, in ten vears,- 6,000,000, in twenty yean* w e shall have 8,00<M'00 or 9,000,000, and in thirty years 32,000,000 t o lo,000,Ol>0. I n less than twenty years the slave population of the South will largely prepon- derate over the white. Then will come universalmoney and negroes. Walker having been notified that- such a demand would be made, called in his neighbors to his assistance, and fired upon them, killing one and wounding one other. The one wounded and the oth«rdividual, if honest and faithfully administered in strict, pursuit. The robbers are from Kansas, au<\ wert> be- discussion of the subject. My object in arising was to accordance with its letter and spirit; and as the con- trayed by one whom they had pressed into.theic serv-£progress.out o f the Union w a n t t o k n o w icepusin'tiewm*t Union~w~*TheshipJ.J.dories,-fromCardiffforthisport, Mvpurposeis tomeet this question fairly. Lotus judgmentthesubjectmatterreferredtothisCommittee bilged,yesterday,16.miles-from-Pass l'OuiTc.and be-right they have to Jafcv be by the taunts of tnia people here, and,obstruct- ascertain precisely the points in dispute, and lay aside does not properly beloiigto this House, and should not. came a total k*b. The captain ami crc.\v werv suved. all sectional feeling and party strife, and see if we cau-» Sv.87, W. :-'.\ 10, 4J , 42, 43, 44. 45, -IS, 41/48, '<'-» »>, "',' W.'$Mft * $>that new States might he admitted, and the existence And the one easo of the rescue is paraded by the news-that tbe-previous question be sustained, i n order that they might have a vote upon the proposition to excuse the" member"from Florida, as they wOuld have similarcompose the Jury, and the Judges who decide on of Slavery should be no reason for refusal to admit. paper press of the whole country, and although an ex- the claim of owners. All such propositions as that aremere mockerv, and no man can suppose that such a The first State that came, the North refused to admit, ceptional case, i t i s represented as evidence of theexample quirk [laughter}, and. send delegates to'joinours to frame a government for our Support-and pro-tection. It may be a Government will be formed anda Constitution enacted before they have time to take apart in it, and when they come out iof this Union, at. the galleries would be cleared. the tail end of which they must learn to follow our ex-Mr. MORRIS of Illinois objected. several of whom had their pockets picked- ^)u theample, they may find in the elements of that Constitutionthings that may strike a t some of-their peculiar inte-rests. 1 understand one of'the things which influencethe tardy movement "of these States. They.are a littleMr. DOUGLAS—Now, Sir, as between Illinois andKentucky, \ve should have no difficulty in settling thethe question. So, i n fact, between all the borderspect for the'dignity o f the South demands that the members of this Committee from the Southern States should all withdraw, and leave the Republican mem-At 2'|'o'clock adjourned.— < * •Attempted IfcolVbery.••*i>—The Hoys. A. Bv VKUKM of New-Yo > and John. Young of Vermont. Judge Helfcttein of rV>hnsyrvania, '*£Theysavwehavenorighttotakethem Keia-wedlaup'hier.jThisisimportanttothesepeople, againat their will. Sir I whoownbrickiiud mortar, for, Sir,ifgoadeduswoobject is not to create irritation, but to soothe the stroys all affection for the Union in the hearts of the excited state of feeling, in-order that, wo may discuss people of the Slave States,•must and has already de-thisquestioninpropertemper,anduponitsmerits. stroyedtheonlycordthatc»vnbindtheUnion. Inmyag:>in*t o u rwill If/--,.. ':;/•'"••jfft-'-.i^r ~sz£ NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNE*#' «flthe impending danger, nor do T nnderttand that consti-tutional amendments are to be proposed by the two decide this question"for themselves. I will n^t com- Republic and establish tbe seat o f Government s o State, and the citizens of every Stale, in this Unioflfc nation grows out of principles and system's advanced byHonscs of Congrers. • I am not advised as to what i s plain, when and how, and where they go. I am satis- permanently that i t may never be removed. TheG Mr. IVERSON—If a fugitive is found secreted in a the dominant party i n the* Free States of this Union, expected ofthat Committee. Whatevermay be the fied,however,thattheywillgowhenthe time con?es thctemarblepalaces, nowteoii?hiff withlifeandlux- houseoneday,onthe nextmorninghe isquitelikely which, inthe.esUmfltionoftheSlaveStates,aresub-THE 1'URO'P A O F F C A P Eobject, whether in the shane of Congressional legisla-for them t o decide- They complain of us, that we ury, t h e habitations o f . bounty a n d grace to be run off. versive o f the Constitutional compact between them«ke so muah noise and confusion about the Fugitive and elegance, instead o f echoing t o the scenes , Mr. TEN EXCK (Rep., N. J.)—A single instance States, and directly at war with their safely and mate-Mr.Hives inwhateverderagnorobjectmaybecontemplated,ISlavelawwhenwedonotloseanyslaves;butitisnotforofmirthandmelody,willbecamethehabi-likethatoccurredinNew-Jersey.Thefugitivewasrialinterests.Ithas,th^sbecomeadirectissuebe-W»mic*\X*UXKiLe,iceVntonpo*****'tion, in the shape of amendments to the Constiiutlon,liave no confidence in the accomplishment of anything.iNow, Sir, let ns look at this question from a reasonableand common-sense standing. I s i t designed to makeCongressional legislation to remove the objections whichthe Southern States have to remaining in the Union? groes. We know what is coming. Sir, in this Union, ing in the Southern heart. When the arbitrary Gov- a negro is something more. I wish the strong arm byCongrcs8 on tlris Subject it should have originatedI s it designed to mtroduce legishuion for protecting the it is universal emancipation, and the turning loose ernment of Louis Philippe, i n 1848, had raised the of the Government to disc?uirge its functions. A gov- with them, and not with us. 1 can but regard thisupon society, in the Southern States, of this mass of people of" Paris to'a sense of danger and rebellion, and ernment that won't do it Iw'>nld spit upon. I would Committee as a tub thrown to the whale to amuserights and equality of the Southern States, more than corruption which will be made by emancipation. And the barricades of Paris and the masses of. that great sooner have the despotism of Louis Napoleon and the only till the 4th o f March next, and then arrest tbelaws ? I f so, what is Congressional legislation, so far get along without Slavery. Their climate and soil are and attempted to avert i t by changing his Ministry,a* the Fugitive Slave law i s concerned, to the rightsoftheSouthernpeople,undertheobstructionsand appropriatetowhitelabor.Theycanliveandflourish butthewords"Toolate,""Toolate,"wentthrough •Mr.DOUGLAS—Nolawcanbe'gwtfJtobeleftun- andeafetyoutoftheUnion.WiththeseviewsIlakedifficulties—insurmountable difficulties—which are pre- without Slavery. The Cotton States cannot. W e are the streets o f Paris. The next day he abdicated executed unless it has been brought.before a Court of my place on the Committee for the purpose of prevent- obliged to have African Slavery to cultivate our rice the throne i n favor' o f h i s grandson. T h e some sort. ' •rented to the execution of that law by a vitiated pub- and cotton fields. African Slavery is essential to our same words "Too late," rang1 through the streets, ing it being made a means of deception, by'which the lic sentiment in the Northern State3? What more can ; Mr. GREEN—I do not uphold the sentiment of public mind is to be misled and misguided, yet intend- Congress do than Congress has done? W e have a existence as a people. It is not surprising, when we ringing out in sepulchral tones, like the trump of the dealing horses or negroes. ing honestly and patriotically to entertain any fair3Pugitivia Slave law of which the South does, complain see this storm coming from the North to overwhelm Archangel summoning the dead to judgment. And so, Mr. DOUGLAS—I spoke only as to the non-execa~- proposition for adjustment of pending evils which thefrom Liverpool on Saturday, Dec. 1* via Qncena. *-^rn ie<£ «puxv« oiuve law ©i wmen tne Soutb does.complain. I ns, that we should seek our safety when" we'ean,"by now, you may. tiuker the Constitution, you may tion of the law. " I t is sufficiently guarded to accomplish all the objectsRepublican members may submft.The House, voted and refused to excuse Mr. Haw-Xt is sufficiently guarded to accomplish all the objects petting up for ourselves an independent sovereignty, propose concessions, you may suggest legislation, fTor wbhicnh it "wwaas defsiifgnfetd., if t.h<e»r<e» w«a«s a« pI\rNo\pMer. TMpu,Kb-. / «^^- —»•.!. » ^« * ,.—»*» you may present additional constitutional guaran-2d, was boarded off Cape Race at -fo'clock tbis (Ti ' '*lie sentiment in the Nbrthern States. . #0the last 25 years there has been hut one instance of thekins—95 against 101. .Mr. FITCH, (Dem., fnd.)—I know myState. F o r. upon wliich none o f these causes can produce anyeffect. And now, again recurring to the question, I tees, y o u may attempt, b y a l l these means, rcccue of a fugitive.day) rooming by the prese-yacht, and-the followi. yg Mr. HAWKINS (Dem., Fla.) lest silence would be tumaaryof her news obtained. The Europa will be*'tive Slave law could be devised, by this Congress or tell Senators that the Southern States now moving for to stay- the storm that now rages, mid t o pre-snyotbeT. It clothed the Judiciary and Executive of secession will never be satisfied with auy concession vent the people from marching on to deliverance and Mr. POWELL. (Dem., KyJ—Some time ago a negro construed into consent t o serve ou the Comavttee, due at Halifax" on Wednesday night.this Government with ample powerstoexecute the laws. made by the North that does not fully recognize not liberty. But, Sir, the words "Tod late!" "Too ran away from Kentucky to Illinois, and the Governor wished to say, with all deference and good feeling W e don't complain that any Executive has ever been only the existence of Slavery in its present form, but late!" will ring out here to-day, will be reiterated of the latter Commonwealth did not peform bis duty. for thoee 'who voted against his 'request, he will notderelict i n his duty in the discbarge o f this law. alco the right of the Southern people to emigrate to the from mountain"to valley, of all the" South to the North, Mr. W ADE (Rep., Ohio)—If I recollect right, t h e serve.•Mr. Fillmore was President when this law was passed, common Territories with their slave property, and sounding the death-knell of the Confederacy. and it received bis sanction; and I am ready i.o say, their right t o Congressional protection while i nindictment did not Bhow that the party was ever in Kentucky., ; , . . ' • ;Mr. BOYCE (Demv S. C.) asked to be excused from service on the Committee.Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.) objected.that so far as he was concerned, he carried it out. the Territory. The recent battle i n t h e South Mr. PUGII said—Do you hope to continue the UnionGen. Pierce carried it odt, and the present Executive. was fought upon that very isssue. Upon from the extraordinary speech just heard? When the mistaken.Sofarastheyhavethepower,theyhavedonetheir thatveryissuethe friendsofMr.Breckinridge peopleofanyStateorganization,orTerritory,orcom- Mr.WADE—Idonotknowmuchaboutit.duty faithfully. But we know well that no slave has put him upon the very ground of protection to slave munity, do not desire to have the institution of Slavery, Mr. POWELL—You had better then investigate thebeen reclaimed from the Northern States, except under property, and it was on that ground he carried the Cot- my right arm shall fall from its socket before I will , facts of the case before you draw the attention of the circumstances of the greatest difficulty and danger, ton States. I know there was a small party opposed force them to accept it. •Senate to it.* and often lo?s of life, it is not a defect in the law it- to that principle, that followed.the lead of the Senator Mr. IVERSON saidr-I refer you to my speech of Mr. PUGH—Is the gentleman (Powell) aware of all sentiments of the various eections. The representatives repulsed with great loss.- f'-ffSkself; but it is in the fact, to which no man can shut from Illinois, but how small! I had almost said how Feb. 23, last year, when I was in the chair. You did the facts ? .'.'•" of South Carolina will remain here only a few days The American money crisis hta canu&tspecie ship-bis eyes, that a vitiated public sentiment in the North- contemptible the element in the Southern States that not say " Yes" then. I referred to the Burns Fugitive ern States is so strong against Slavery that no enact- advocated that principle. Look a t the popular vote. Slave case. ' •ment can ever b e carried out while this state of That will tell the tale. Those who supported thethird ] . Mr^PUGH—That is only one case.Mr. POWELL—The Governor o f Illinois was longer. Why. then, refuse to excuse Mr. Boyce 1 Ispublic sentiment lasts. I t i s true that now candidate, were in favor of protection, and in my State Mr. IVERSON read from The Congressional Globe crimination and recrimination.and then a slave i s reclaimed. But i t has been they called on the people to support Mr. Bell on the to prove that Mr. Pughdid-not adhere now to what he done a t the point o f the bayonet, and a t a n very ground that he was i n favor o f Congressional had stated previous to this session.expense o f t e n times t h e value o f the slave. prote6tion. And now i t i s a fact well known Mr. PUGH—Let me read the rest. [Laughter.] IMr. MASON (Dem., Va.)—Onr grievances are great. We'have been hiuniliated.that a large portion o f t h e friends o f Mr. contradict that the Fugitive'Slave-law was trampled sary legislation. A Convention of separate States t o duty to vindicate his vote. Present affairs are big $n&! withdrawals from the Batik, whicS' had"pjrzWonsIy because public sentiment is defective and wrong. Nor Bell a r e t h e most ardent leaders i n the pre- under foot. settle this matter is not necessary. with the fate of the Republic, and discussion on £he jssteced the rate of" discount ttfSJ per cent. ,. ^do I charge the failure of the excution of this law sent movement. I t i s because they have lost all Mr. IVERSON—Twenty years ago an elaborate re- Mr. MASON—We have become satisfied that unless question was not likely to do any good. He, how-ttpon these Personal Liberty bills. No, Sir, they have hope o f getting protection from this Government. port was made by order of the Virginia Legislature, we have evidences that the Constitution and the laws ever, expressed his surprise and mortification that the COMMERCIAL INT2LLI&EITCE:never operated to prevent the execution of the Fugi- Gentlemen need not mistake the feeling of Southern proving that one hundred thousand dollars worth of will be upheld by a Convention of the different States, Republican side of the House had refused to partici- LiVKrpoor. COTTOX MARKKT.—Tl.» Brokers' clTcnJBf report*W h y is it, Sir ? Not because the law is defective, buttive Slave law. It is, as 1 said, mob law, in all cir- States, that is, the Cotton States. I t iB i n favor of slaves were lost annually from its limits by their Jbeing we are not bound to remain in the Union. pate in the discussion.tteea'caof CoHon for (Se wwjkat 'H>,f)G0ba!«t,'.of wlrfcfi'tf.SOOcumstances, which has produced these results, and will Congressional protection, and n o amendments o f fugitives. Mr.COLLAMER (Rep., Vt.)—The State Legisla- Mr. CURTIS (Rep.j Iowa,) wished to say his party were to specula'orn, and 4,500 to exporter*. The tnatk<>topwn*das long as the Union and Slavery last together. When- the-Constitution.' Whatever will fall short of that Mr. PUGH—I do not believe that all the Slave tures should aid in establishing a fraternal feeling. have not refused to discuss. He w'ould do so at the f-rm w-f'h a (rood trade deimmd, ai<d closed buoymrt WttJa'arUcbtrdvi-rce. principally on tl;V middling i.t»d low«r qva&Vji*. Th« ever a fugitive slave shall be discovered in one of the will not be of any weight, or even be accepted by the States have lost a hundred thousand dollars by!their Mr. WIGFALL (Dem., Tex.)—Slaves have been proper time. He wanted the Committee, of whichhe rale* of Friday were 10,000 bales, inchxdmp, 1,600 to•8paCnIa^>rs3FreeStates,andtheownergoesinpursuanceoflaw SouthernStates. Whatprospecthaveweofgetting fugitives. recognizedaspropertyinatleastthreeplaceBinthe a n d t h e C o n s t i t u t i o n t o r e c l a i m h i m , w h a t f o l l o w s ? t h a t ? N o n e h e r e , n o n e a n y w h e r e . W h y , • t h e r e f o r e , _. M r . D O U G L A S ( D e m . , I U . ) I d i d n o t p r o p o s e t o e n t e r C o n s t i t u t i o n . O u r r m h t s h a v e b e e n v i o l a t e d .j r e s t e r d a y , a n -reasary"notes,', Theyobtainthearrestoftheslave,butbeforethecasewasamember,tohaveafairhearing. andexporters,cloningfirma*thefullpriofcHofthepreviousdkry. M r . S M I T H , r e s u m i n g , , s a i d h o e x p e c t e d t h e o p p o r - A n n e x e d a r e t b e a u t h o r i z e d " o w o t a H o n *brothers in brutality and ignorance. They assemble and wrest the negro from the possession of the owner, while the. conservative massesj the "gentlemen,"guaranties they expect, o r what concessions ? was a statute law that was not sometime violated withI do not believe any concessions can be obtained, and impunity, or not enforced with as much fidelity a s i t of Kansas;'_ ablo. The market had nu advancing tendency for Y.vaSs; and! kinp, because if this were done Florida would be un- ' thero was an improved demanii'for Cr-onis.if they are obtained, of what value would they be, ought to be. I suppose the Fugitive Slave Law is en-represented. mentisnottobesavedbymereeulogiesontheUnion,M r . W I G F A L L , t h e S e n a t e a t 4 | o ' c l o c k p . m . a d - I M r . S M I T H r e s u m e d — N o b o d y e x p e c t e d t o s e e f o r c e journed. m.cd t o compel Mr. Hawkins t o serve, or desired to1thoeeiwho axe i n favor of justice, who believe the granted in a state of fear ? I do not use this word in forced with as much fidelity as that in regard to theownerisentitled,underthe Constitutionandthelaw,to reclaim the slave, what do they do do ? They stand any offensive sense. But the North, if it yields at all, African slave-trade. But, Sir, I confess it is not en- Mass.), and DOUGLAS^ pending'which, on motion of but by.speedy action.The BankofEnglandhadreducedit^rateofinterestto5*^cont.LIVERPOOL BRKA»ST"CFFS '.'MARKET.—Messrs.W a k e f i e l d , N a s h &: C o . . B i g l a n d , A t h y a 4 i C o . , a n d ' o t h e n r r eport Floor dull, and slightlVlowei'; American is quoted at Tf'6?t> 1w i t h f o l d e d a r m s , a n d l o o k u p o n t h e s e m o b s , a n d l a u g h to scorn these Southern people. Even the Senator fromy i e l d s t o t h e f e a r t h a t t h e S o u t h i s g o i n g t o d i s s o l v e the Union. What value woidd such concessions be to the South 1 Nay, I want to know what value anyf o r c e d a s f a i t h f u l l y a s I w i s h i t w a s , o r as i t m ought t o b e . While I make this declaration, I am compelled t o say that nine-tenths31/. Wheat dull and 122d. lower since Tuenday , Red 10/10^ I visit him with punishment other than that o f mere 12/6;.White liy-S13/6. Corn quiet.New-Hampshire said the other day that he believed pledges or guaranties would be from the Northern of the complaints o n that subject are unfounded.the Southern people were entitled t o reclaim theirStates ? None, sir, as long as a vitiated public senti- Where there is sectional strife and excitementfthere slave*. Ijkit how often has he stood by and seen these ment of Abolition exists. And when i s that going seems to be a proneness on the part of the' newspaper mobs execute their foul purposes ? Has he ever striven to decay? Never, s o long a s the/ Union press, in both sections, to collect and give every fact to correct this vitiated public sentiment ? Sir, he has lasts. I t i s a part , of their political creed. which would inflame the passions and prejudices of one stimulated it, and ' so Ibave other Senators from the It enters into all iheir ramifications of society, into the section against the other. I n that way, partial and North- pulpit, the 8choolhouse. All teach this doctrine of the .unfair statements of facts are given, which make eachMr. H A L E Olep., N. H.) [in his seat]—Never. " irrepressible conflict;"' and how many arguments in section act under an apprehension of the other. Now,Mr. IVERSON—What more can Congress do on this favor of Slavery, its morality, its social blessings, ever Sir, as far as Illinois is concerned, I am prepared to say- subject ? Does the Senator from Kentucky propose to reach the Northern ear ? How are you going to reach that in nineteen cases out of twenty where a fugitiveHOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES. opinion. If the gentleman is resolved not t*o serve on • . Richardson, Sponce &<Co. reporc Wheat2S3d. lower."Mr. COBB (Dem., Ala.) resumed the debate on the the Committee, let him refuse, but not makea request .LIVERPOOL PROVIMOX MAKKKT.—Beef quiet, though tfc'arw motion of Mr. Hawkins, to be excused from serving on to be excused with a private determination not to per- was some business doin'g for export. Fork quiet, with some ex- theCommitteeofThirty-three. He said,if hounder- formhis duty. portinquirrat57/6'®67/6. Enconnnicfr;goodShirtMiddles60/. Lard firm a't 70/^71/, in retail. Tallow dull at 08/^59/ for NcrtkThe Houee refused to excuse Mr. Boyce by a tie American.vote. LiTKvpoor, PRODTTCK MARKET.—Pot Airhes steady at 2S,'6'<?«Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.),..having been informed that 29/; Pearls steady at 29/^20/. Sugar dull and 6d. lower. Cptfeepointed on Thursday last. It was not his purpose t o Mr. Hawkins suppoeed he had made some inshiuatioss quiet. Rice quiet, and had purtially declined 3d., closing" at :b e a w at 5/2d. for Common. Spirits T urpentine dull. • [NOTE.—Tbe lines ea«t of Calms gave out here, and wo ar»c'-rj»qnently unable to obtain the remiiindet of the Eur<rpa** tiSk-this feeling ? There i s but one -way. That is, to let slave enters Illinois, he is arrested and returned with- that a remedy might be found in an alteration of the the South go out of the Union; and when the North out any judicial process whatever. Those portions of Constitution m^some act of Congress, in which the Free sees its folly, then the feeling may recoil, and a sound the State which border on the Kentucky and Mis- States, who secrete and refuse to bring back our slaves, state of feeling may arise, but not till then. Suppose souri lines 'are, in harmony with their neighbors constitutional guaranties a r e presented b y this o n ' the other side, and a fugitive slave i s re-epoke of tne uprightness and integrity of the gentle- man from Florida.i* J!amend the Fugitive Slave law ? It has been suggestedHouse should do, and the report that this Committeeshould make. He was anxious that something shouldproceed from that Committee, hoping—though he mustconfess his hopes were^.very- faint—that something the explanation." e 1 $ m Four KKAKNKY, Monday, Dec. 10, I860, m • Cap!. Steele, with bis company of infantry, Ioturned into Court. I f a thousand slaves were receivedo y South place upon the good faith and observ- is returned the newspapers do not notice the fact, arftl State (Alabama) to remain in the Union, it -must Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem.,. N. Y.) thought last night from Cottonwood Springs, where'he met thewouldresultfromtheactionofthatCommittee to re-"would such a law be worth ? You can't sue a State. Committee—they report the proposed amendments turned a s regularly a s a stolen horse. S o fctore peace to the country. If anything was to be serving on the -Committee, because o f other duties,^will be linble i n damages. I n the first place, whatA State i n its sovereign capacity cannot be brought to t h e Constitution. What reliance c a n t h ein nineteen cases out of twenty .where the fugitive done which would have" the effect o f causing his which fully employed Ins time-.Massachusetts, and refused t o be returned, how can ance o f these_ guaranties b y t h e North ?• What even the records of the court have no notice of it. I n be done immediately, for an election for representatives that a gentleman who voted. against excusing Mr. chiefs of the Ogalala and Brute tribes (Sioux). They.iyou sue the State of Massachusetts ? That would be better guaranties can b e made than those o f the cases where there is an arrest, as a matter of course, to a State Convention was to take, place on the 24th ofHawkins and Mr. Boyce, was the last one who should refuted .to come here and make'-a treaty with thecom-fhimself request t o be excused from serving on the mander. They talk of war in the Spring, to revenge jCommittee. No more serious o r important matter the death of the son o f the Chief of the Ogalahw, onjcould be proposed to tbe House than that intrusted to theS&th of November, by the citizens of Kearney City..forcement of the Fugitive Slave law. Justin propor- tion as they have no interest i n i t and don't know what they are talging. about. [Laughter in the gal-. The question ou excusing Mr. Morrill was taken and which "is also insured.negatived. The early hour in the eveaingat which the fire b»okej \eries.lThe PRESIDENT (Mr. FiTZPATRicicih the chair). Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. O.) 'offered a resolution, way to the iirr. a dilliculty occurred bet wee* Engine-j. which was adopted, that the States'he called to-morrowcuiity. I believe the great mass of the Southern peo-ple are opposed to it. Yet. I will not stand securitythat if the cotton States alone fornui confederacy, theywill not open the slave-trade. Then, Sir, what willbecome of the great monopoly which Virginia, andMaryland, and North Carolina'now possess'^ I give sustain my friend from Ohio in his declarations, as far science of the Republican party will not allow its pro- ice. Great excitement exists, and 8houY£ the threedo not understand the evils of the question, are actingConstitution. The only safe guaranty we can rely upon, is i n a n evidence that fanaticism has been ex- tinguished i n the minds of the people of the North,executed the Fugitive Slave law w i t h entire fidelity, well been said, " our Union rests upon public opinion." Then, if it must live in the affections of the people;so far as J know. There may be instances where a but as that has been entirely extinguished, at least fugitive slave runs away, and is never found". Thereare instances where horses are stolen, and we never find them. But I am speaking o f the coniplaints which arise from the non-execution of the law. M yGov. Magoffin has ordered a motion on the Supreme Court for a writ of mandamus against Gov. Depnison so f a r a s the Republican party i s concerned, I of Ohio, growbig out of the hitter's refusal to surrenderUntitled Document• *••&..«* *Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.)—If a man runs off a horse hi3 Iocs is a pecuniary consideration only, but to stealITALIAN AFFAIRS 'JWCHANGED. The Neapolitans Again :Repulsed,«*•£>LARGEt^PklkTSOFSPECIETOAM.'^WA.CAPI: RACE, N. F., Tuesday, Dec. II, W60-The royal-mail steamship Europe, Capr. 1 *eitcb,Prince of Wales over me tha:* a government thatresent noble and manly movements of the Southern gwould not command respect.tates, and to provide by that day for.their securityMr. POWELL—The gentleman (Wade) is evidentlywrong.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.)—Alas! it all resulted inforce the moae and manner of instituting measures ments from En.rland, anofthe Europa has a' eoneidera-1with a view to restore peace and good feeling- in the hie amount aboard. 9country ?, ' ' Large shipment* were expcctecftO be rrcaie'by the <. Mr. SMITH (Va,,) replied he would not use force?. Atlantic, to sail on the 5th. |g^ * 'The stock in port wat eblhiiated at £25,000 balcuj ofwhieli thefriendsoftheresolutionwhatparticularnotalwaysenforcedinallcases.Isupposethereneverinsteadofansweringonequestion,propoundsanother.Committee,andhencehecouldnotexcuseMr.Haw-STATKorTKADK.—The*1ricesfromM&ncbestcr&r3favor-Mr. DA VIS cited the bill annulling the LegislatureThis caused a general interchange of expressions be- tweenMessrs.DAVIS,WIGFALL,BROWN (Dem.,stood aright, the first question in order was on the mo- tion to excuse the gentleman from Florida from serv- ing on the Special Committee o f Thirty-three, ap-this month, and the Convention is to meet on the7th of next. He would like to present his views in relation to the various questions which that Committee would be Called upon to consider; but duty admonished himthe Committee. He expressed his surprise that' a gentleman belonging to the Republican party, which had aggravated the present, affairs, should make such a request.• f* , F i r e s . iNEWV-ALBANY, Ind., Tuesday,. Dec. 11,'1860'JM| Hamilton &. Lewis'8 pork-packing establishment'and11-Mr. MORRIS (Dem., 111.) had heretofore voted contents, in onr suburbs, was burned 'this morning. because her Constitution tolerated Slavery. That was general character. I recollect one instance o f that propositions to-act upon in regard t o other members, against excusing gentlemen, but inasmuch ;is no action Loss $60,000; fullv insured.aemedyas^ that would be worth a dollar^ or a cent. Then, Sir, is it proposed to appease the Southern States by the adoption of the doctrines of Congressional pro-t tection t o Slavery i n the Territories ? I s that theyeroedy this resolution is intended to find out ? I wantto_ know who expects such a remedy" a s thatwill ever b e accorded by this Congress o r anyother ? W e know that t h e Republican parryare a unit upon that question. I t i s the greatshibboleth on which they fought this battle and wonit.I t i s the very principle which stands at the basis oftheir political organization. I t is, that Slavery shallnot advance beyond its present boundaries, and shallnever plant a footprint in the Territories of the UnitedStates. I t must neceesarilv meet the disapproval ofevery one of the 1,850,000 Republicans who cast theirvotes for Lincoln and Hamlin, and how many NorthernDemocrats will be brought to its support ? We knowwellthat,asfarasaportionoftheNorthernDemo-mise,whichisnotworththesnapofaman'sfinger.caseshaveoccurredfrequentlyinourNorth-Westernthepublicmind.Agleamoflighthadalreadycome Mr.STANTONresumed.Disunionnowcoulddo crats are concerned, they were as ho3tile to this princi-Missouri. The ^obstinate opposition of the North in kind occurred i n my own State, and that instance I and therefore the time of the House would be occupiedhas been taken in relation to those who refuse to serve, he saw nothing but contempt to the House in forcing them to remain on the Committee."CHICAGO, Tuesday, Dec. 11, I860,The depot buildings of the Illinois Central Railroad *at Dunleith were destroyed by fire last night. Low*' ^S,000;. partially insured.From Albany..ALBANY-, Tuesday, Dec. 11. I860.There are.no obstructions^ the river on account of,^^t his respect droye the South to a dishonorable compro- mise.have noticed i n more than twenty Southern news- in discussing each question, when there was not a papers within the last two months paraded as evidence moment, to lose. The public mind was now in anxiousof our infidelity in • the enforcement o f the law. suspense, and therefore something ought t o be doneAnr1 the newspapers tell us of the rescue by the Abo- immediately. What means the crowded state of the Mr. I . then referred t o the admission of Tcxasjin , litioniet8, but there the talc stops. And then the com- galleries here to-day ? He asked the question; it wasMr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) said he had voted to excuse Mr. Hawkins and Mr. Boyce a s an act o f courtesy. The gentleman from Vermont (Mr.-'Morrill) has two colleagues, one of whom he desires substitutedm1844, to the Territories acquired from Mexico in 1848,ments are made as to how they can live together with easily answered—why, because of the excitement whichto the Tariff Compromise of 1833, and the .'violation of such treatment. The tale, so far, is true. But it is pervaded the whole country. Not only here, but all for himself, and not because he desired to avoid re- plighted faith by the North in the Tariff of 1842, and not all told. If they had wished to tell it fairly, they' over, the country, they were looking daily—yea, sponsibility. H e (Mr. Stanton) trusted gentlementhen continued": I ask, then, how can the South rely should have recorded the further fact that the United hourly—for this liouse to do something. Should they would'give those on the Republican side the privilege tbe ica.. The boat from New-York arrived at 5 o'clock"*^/on any guaranties the North may make, especially States Marshal appeared at Ottawa and arrested the now monopolize the time that should be occupied by of determining when is the proper time for discussion. i*bi3 morning. ; under the circumstances which now exist, when these rescuers, and took them to Chicago, where, in default this Committee in discussing questions which would Premature debate can do no good, and especially as Io *guaranties are to be wrung from them under duress. I of bail, they wore remanded to prison until the 1st of come up, in all probability, after the report of the Com- irrelevant matters. His own "coursewould be to await M u r d e r e r s S e n t e n c e d .#iS'5 •£ . «•,have no confidence in the plighted faith, in the Punic.a October, when they were tried, found guilty, and sen- mittee | He thought not. He trusted that when he tbe report of the Committee.fides of the Northern people. I don't believe my con- tenced, by a Republican Judge o f the United States asked for the previous question debate would be ter- Mr. SMITH remarked that onl}- one side o f the_ » * C BOSTON, Tuesday, Deo. 11, I860."Bryant Moore, convicted of killing hi» wife,-, and^ stituents are willing t o accept any compromise,o n Court tothe penalties of the law. That ia the balance minated, and his call sustained, lie was glad t o see House,had^ been heard from. The silence of the Re- Jfttaies Hurley, convicted of killing Po!iycemanrIx>wrh-,''4*^ this question, no matter how plausible, upon paper, be- of the,tale. I f it had been told, i t could never have by the papers this morning that action was being had publicans is indicative o f a-stern ,determination t o rey, were to-day sentenced to the State Prison for 11^8.^^'cause we know it will only b e a paper compro- been used as fuel for this sectional excitement. These in the North which would have a tendency to change avail themselves of the power they have obtained.I look upon this proposition as nothing else than a de- country, and it is seldom that a rescue i s made where from Boston. He hoped that the North would meet no practical good, b u t might result • i n t h e lusion and a snare, intended to operate on the public the penalties of the law are not inflicted upon the rescu- in her conventions, and wherever an election was usual •crimination and recrimination. Therefore, he mind in these seceding States^ a'nd to put arguments ers. And then civil suits are brought to pay for the slave held demonstrate to the country that there was now a did not desire to participate in debate.into the months of the submissive party at the" South, and not only the damage, but-smart-money granted. returning souse of justice, and that the questions whichFIRES. %'6c Kinney, and occupied by them us a storage i"6r bar- rel-lime. The stock was damaged to the amount of m about $300. The buildings owned by Mr,. ES. Cple a s the- Kepubli.ans themselves. The Northerni>ouglas-Noh-interference-S<iuatter-Sovereignty. partyis represented on this floor by the Senator from Illinois,and nis friend from Ohio, Mr. Pngh. Would they votefor it ? W e have already heard the Senator from Ohiosay he would let his arm rot from bis shoulder in itssocket, before he would vote for Congressional protec-tion. I tell Senators hero to-day that the Southern peoplewill never be satisfied with anything short of Congres-sional protection t o Slavery i n the Territories. W e it produced 1 Twenty-five years ago they had but and only the exceptional cases of rescue come t o the was concerned, he would "say that he knew she wouldknow our rights, under the Constitution. We stand as 7;000 men to support their party; now they have ear- knowledge of the people. I wish we could have a not remain in this Confederacy longer than the 15th of equal States in this confederacy, and we are entitled ned one'of the most ultra, I had almost said one of list of the fugitive slaves that are returned, and of the January, unless something was done. 11is prayer was to equal participation in the common property. W e the most infamous, not in person, but in polities—one number rescued, and 1 venture the assertion, 'that that, something might be done to enable her to'_ remain know well that we never can enjoy equal possession of the most ultra, aye; two of them, in as President Southern gentlemen would be amaied a t the fidelity in the Union, upon constitutional and equal principles. of the Territories without protection to our property. and Vice-President, by an.overwhelming majority. with which that law has been executed.' I believe i f He was not a secessionist.: He desired peace, but he I know well where the Wilmot Proviso and Non-inter- This is the result of o"ur prayers and expostulations. wecoxrld have a record o f the-cases, they'would bo desired it predicated' upon the principles of the'Consti-r ashamed to bring up that subject as one.of the causes tution. He now called the previous question. vention-Squatter-Sovereignty would lead. It would They have.accomplished all this without the pow erand to justify the dissolution of the Union. I have\>r -rise tclKgentea being aa- :d to considerlaat bind us t. I t is thus concern and e. I t seerm*m and duty i'i the &-•©. •fae l«*aat said i<>n. I believe en—the select be great ques- ;view is taken :p;jrate myselftiid {flirty a l -tihe country iumost ht-ortily n Connecticut,of men of , re, regardless\idko*, forI jmt elect. H e • his position |s made by the •taiex, and forCnitedStates.i>eonlycalled asamatterofpolicyandinterest,inordertogetridof1desiretosayafewwordsbywayofsuggestiontoingamasterofthereturnofhis.slave.TheseFlorida(Mr.Hawkins)andthememberfromSouthtoinquireandreportwhetheranySuperintendentofusedasadislilleryaivdcowstable,ownedbyMr.JohudftkThe SPEAKER—The previous question is demanded bvthegentleman'from Alabama.[>u Congress.' (Ji>n wiln this soberly, andue here. The a;;d cordially A*<\, long be->ur cause,- and tob^racedby a acknowledge&ss upon their n. Doctrines ith the equal- ion of owners iissolutioothe 11alternative* >r the interest smeoiber that iaid that war,their slaves, to precipitate them upon the Cotton States. the States of Virginia and Maryland, and especially to bills generally exist i n that part o f the country Carolina (Mr. Boyce) have each requested this House Indian Affairs or Indian Agents can be dispensed with G. Williams, (late Ingles). The tiro alsii commuui- Z&cause, m a nMr. SMITH (Va.), replied. If the Republicans had met the 'movement from the Democratic side in a spiritand urge upon the people a little more delay; a little I think, therefore, there is little ground o f complaint, had agitated the country heretofore would betaken holdmore lolding of hands, a little more procrastination. so far as the section of the country in which I live i s of by the people themselves, and so disposed of as to of. kindness i t ^would _ have had a pleasant a n d Put it off; put it off. Let us see what this great propo- concerned; and yet I know that the Southern people give satisfaction to the country. He again expressed agreeable effect on all sides, as the country all agree. sition will work out. Try everything that is suggested are induced to believe that if a slave getc into the the hope that the Committee would endeavor to pre- "Mr. STANTON confessed he had very little.hope of by my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. BiglerT. W e North he is gone forever. They are made to think so sent some measures which Avould restore harmony to a successful result from the Committee. He did not have been Irving for twenty-five years, and what has because the cases of actual returns are never published, this now distracted country. As far as his own Statee O'Ncil were damaged to the amount of*$2o0; '.hsured £2 for $2,500.lead to the total exclusion of the Southern States from patronage of the Government, Now, when they have no apology to make for the Personal Liberty bills. any Territory which is now possessed or may be here- that power and patronage, what are we to expect butafter acquired. W e will never submit to any such dic- a rapid consummation ot the dire troubles which I have I think them all a violation of the spirit of •the'Consti-tationasthat. Weareentitledtotheprotection ofour depicted7Ibelievethispropositioncanendinnothing tution,andIthink they oughttoberepealedatonce,,property, and we intend to have it, in the Union if we but delay. I believe the question i s settled, and no and think our Northern" people ought to repeal them as "Mr. DA VIS—I hope the gentleman from Alabama can get'it, and out of the U^ion if we cannot get it in. I power this side of Heaven can avert the result. South a duty t o themselves—not upon any demand of (he will withdraw it for a few moments. I will not de-Southern people, but to put ourselves in the right. The understandtheobjectofallthisprohibitorylegislation. Carolinahasdeterminedtoriskallouthisdie,and StateIhavethehonortorepresentneverpaspedanyThe result of both is to exclude tne South-from any en- other States will follow. Those west of the Mississip- such'law. I wish there was no cause of complaint of-trance into the Territories with their slave properly. sippi are moving. That this Union i s t o b e any other State. While \ve_ hear of Personal Liberty has concluded 1eflectual mode of doing anything.Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) appealed to Mr. Mor- rill to withdraw hie request to be excused.Mr. CORWIN (Dem., Ohio) offered a resolution, which was adopted, authorizing the Select Committee to employ a clerk a t $4 per day, and that the'Com- mittee have leave tosit during the session ofthe House, until they shall report o r be otherwise dis- charged. ' - •. .$1,800. No insurance. , Jj>DKSTKI'OTIVK CONFLAGRATION IN" r.KOOKXiTN.,W, Between 7 and 8 o'clock la*t night a fire was discovv, ered i n the oil and varnish manufactory o£f Henry"„fWaWou & Co., at the foot of South First,strec*, K. D.« Immense volumes of black smoke issued forth*for sev-* is; era!minutes, after which the ilamv*sshot iorth with.ft. appalling-force aiid splendor, lighting,up thai neigh!>or jgjf hood and rendering the streets of New-York plainly iK visible from the opposite.-side of tho river. A general i*- alarm was run^r, and the whole Fire Department §3 of the Eastern District, together with companies Noe. *•$£It is to circumscribe the area of Slavery, and to hem it dn solved i s a fixed fact, and n o tinkering o f bills presented as cause of disunion, we are told, and, Mr. DAVIS—I will do so,.Sir.in on all sides, and by the operations" of the Federal the Constitution o r o f Committees o f Thirty- so far.as I know, the statement is true,.that in no one Mr. COBB—Then I withdraw it. Governmentuponthe*borderStates,compellingth.;m,threeorthirteencanaverttheconsequences.casehavethesebillsbeenthecauseofdepriv- Mr.DAVISsaid:Mr.Sneaker,thememberfromadopted,instructingtheCommitteeonIndianAffairs Thefirerapidlyextendedtotheadjoiningpremises'p.Then, Sir, it will be but afew months before theboruYr the District of Columbia. I hear every day, not only States in the Union will become Free States. Let this in the streets, but see it in the public press, curses loudwhere fugitives never come, yet it so.happens that to relieve them from serving on this Committee, and there is the greatest excitement on this question. Just have given their reasons therefor. It may not be im-in propoition as you recede from the line which di- proper in me to give some explanation of my deter- vides the Free from the Slave States, those of us who mined course of action. I accept the appointment, andlive upon the borders can live in peace with each other. shall meet and act with the Committee. For this There never was a time, when my friend from Missouri course I may be blamed here and censured at home;still; as my" judgment dictates this course as proper, and'as my conscience approves it, I defy the world's opinion. "I stand here to-day not the representative of my own preferences, but as the representative of thego North to Vermont, where they scarcely ever saw a 1'eelinj.sand interests of 14,000 voters'. Their interestsand their, wishes shall be rule of my action while I hold a feat upon this floor. I trust, however, tobe allowedtoexpressmyregretsthattheresolutionwithout public detriment. cated to Woolsey's grain mills, which, for some lime, i*« Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of Thaddeus seemed in imminent danger of being destroyed, and^.*;Hyatt, asking relief for the people of KansBs. • \ doubtless would have been but for Iho persevering ef-|j|£» Mr. BARRETT said the suffering wasnot so great forts of the firemen, and tho excellent service of the ^ ^Government pass into the hands of the Republican par- ty—let them be installed in power—let them get pos- session of the two Houses of Congress, as they will #et possession o f them i n Ives than two years—let them bring the power and patronage o f this Govern- ment io bear upon the border States—and let it be un- derstood that the Government is in the hands of those who are unfriendly to" Slavery, and let it be under-stood that the Government is divorced from Slavery, and it will be left entirely to the States .themselves, with no sympathy from the Federal Government or assistance to usin difficulty or danger. Let the pest-oflues and the mails be pot in the hands of the Republican party, sending their seditious tracts to everv portion of the South—let all the power of the Government be brought to bear to help on incendiar-and deep poured out upon the devoted heads of theSouthern States. The people of the District of Colum-bia have turned all their.wrath, not to the true cause,the Abolitionists o f the North, but they are ventingtheir spleen and spite against us because we aro vindi-cating our own independence and liberty. They ex-pect the dissolution-of this Union . is going t o each side of the river, with power to choose a third, destroy' the caapitl, and their property i s t o b e and we agree.to abide bv the award. But when..yenas Mr. Hyatt represented, for he had seen in the news-papers that the people o f one part of the Territorysteam-fire engine of Company No. 13, which, at a die-. |iF: tance of a quarter of a mile*'poured on a steady unfail- ^ ing stream of water upon the burning pile, and suchv^yvalueless. That may o r may not be. I t will depend, very much" o n tlieir o w n conduct. In my opinion, that five States will go out of this Unionbeforethe4thofMarchandformaConfederacy of their own, admits oi no doubt. And that-the other Slave States must follow in the rapid process of time, I'have little less dotibt. Well, i f Virginia and Mary- land desire to have any influence or part in the forma-flave, and would n o t know' how one looked,they are disturbed about the wrongs o f the .slave.AndwhenyougetdownSouthtoGeorgiaandAlabarma, where they never lose any' slaves, they are dis-turbed bv the outrages of these bills and the non-en a distinguished Representative o f t h e Common-ommended relief. ofiice, and outbuildings o f the distillery were totally** Mr. GARNETT (Dem., Va.) objected to the.petition, destroyed. The extent'of the loss could not be talk-:(Mr. Green) and myt-elf could not have settled this quertion by referring it to two justices of the peace onhad given a ball at two dollars a head. [Laughter. |Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.) did not know anything points as seemed in danger/and realty performed as.Mr. DAVIS (Dem-, Miss.)—Mr. Speakertain the House long.Mr. COBB—Will the gentleman renew it when heMr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio), from the Committeeof Ways and Means, reported the Diplomatic andConsular Appropriation bill, and a bill making appro-priations for the support of the Indian Department. 34 and 41 from New-York, were quickly at fthe scene «iCreating the Committee came from a Southern member,tories. '/'•'.'.. from$8*,000to$/2,000,whichisfrillycoveredby*n-,Mr. MORRIS of Illinois made an ineffectual attempt suranco, but in what Companies coujd not be loarnod.; to introduce his Union-loving declaration resolution. Wakey;s Mills were damaged t o the amount of $290,separate consideration of the various delegations from the Southern Slates. Since, however, this will not bo done, I shall act with them, in the hope that no South- ern member will so disregard bis.'self-respect as to pro- pose terms to the Northern members. 1 am of the opin-Hotel.. • . *•%—Major L. A. Sykes of Koudou-„ A. J* Wadler of Louisville, Ky., L. E. Bailey of Baltimore, C M. Kirk- patrick of Philadelphia. C. ,0. Ciapiti or- Mussascb'u- setts. Col. Marcellus of Califorr^a, and ^ . Phillips of*under misapprehension toward each other, and hence, ion that our present Constitution is quite ampletodoing injustice to each other. But I will not go into a secure to the Southern States all rights, State and in two made their escape. The Sheriff and posse are inCanada, are at the Metropolitar^Hptcl., 1|i§F 3 andbusiness emancipationbytheFederalGovernment,andsuchnoadvice.MvmottohasbeentogivenoadvicewhenasourNorth-Westerncountryisconcerned,thatthevisionstobeexecuted,Idonothopetofindanyse-menbecaught,thereisnodoubtthatiWywouldbo—MajorHartleyofHartfordIjLM.FKntofChic^djjg5' triumph to &*olufcion.' •' I niilia^py dif- v. I cannot ion of these >/n«-equencesRepublican>t willing to tii Kentucky, •» the record. ml iu'iuence i>>this proi>o~. ^/aunitteeofthe object- si (yoiiuiiittee S&oatot whu.jsceiu-8 of murder between the two races as has never, it is not asked* But .to far as the District of Colum- Fugitive Slave law. h>executed with as much fidelity curity i n any compromise, or in reconstruction oi' thehanged.The Santa FC> mail due here a t 12 w< to-day hasfailed to arrive. '•**.A CfciiestfikMa off ,YMri*«lietloiJi. LOVJSVILLE, Tuesday, Dec 11, 186;).Jacob Stevee.and family of Sjt- Louis>^^Qgden E d w a r d ^ of Utica, and H. E. Hung*rford c4~ WatorJford, v»re a t the St. Nicholas Hotel. '?—Lieut. W . K. K. M>igs aud lady of Albany, B r W. II. Thompson of New-York. J. W. K>g of Nowgv Haven, and C. P . Ives of Lnusl'agbu.yg. Y*u, i.»»jlB the Astor House. <£.: ^a(p:—Capt..). II. Thompson of S'priugUeM, 111., i/tt.tho, Albemarle House. * • ®'!$k**!«(* •OlNKftAI. TVKM SCP ftXMK Cotitr—SKCONo^Dhs- TMOtf—-December1".--Nov25,29,30,•&*'&,34,3-i,^T,38,3940,,42,-121,43.44,•!:>,.Ui.4d.B.-.ooKi,VN C t r , ' CoruT CALEN:>AK.--NOS. .8, 35.been s«en or heard of in the whole world's history. bia is concerned, 1 want t o say t o the people, in all as most o f t h e laws upon the • statute-books. Kuch, in my opinion, is the inevitable result, and kindness, if Maryland secedes and joins us. as »he I would be willing, to leave the question to Judge jTOCh i s the polky of the Free States. They under- ought to do, and a Southern Confederacy is formed, I McLean, whether he ever knew a Jury who refused stand as well as I'do how these things work out, andhave n o hope of maintaining i t b y compromise or b y the use of the sword." Any policy, then, of the now dominant Republican party which de-" L a g o " uy*.n Magoffin's requisition. If' j h e motion fails, othcjt steps will be immediately taken.I^OKS o-l*#lilp JT. JS".JTone-s* .. NISW.OIU.KANS, Tuesday, Dec. 11, 18G0.i •• "' Sera:--•^ •'^••y^'-'-ji'-'^i2, i^d.i.•>-RACE. 0The tfnited States mail steamship Atlantic,' from New-Y<irk, arrived at Cowes on the 30th altThe screw ste.TOship Edinburgh, from New-Yovk, arrived at Queenfitown on fne 30fh, " 'The political new*-By the Inrqpa is not sf an impev- excusegentlemenwasextraordinary,aftsrtheyhave tantcharacftr. fmade up thefr minds on mature reflection, and in jus- The situation of ItaSan affatrs was mchftnged.tice to tlieir respective States, that they cannot serve.He was satisfied the Committee did not express the Tbe garrison of Gaeftt had rsade a sortie*, and wereMr, BUKNETT (Dem., Ky.) thought the refusal toHe was one of those who refused to excuse Mr. Haw- Theee movements causedf a rencrtfal on tSe^Oth Mr. DOUGLAS—Congress should apply the neces- kins, and after* the lecture of Mr. Burnett be fell it h:aFair Orleans '7ifd. Middling Mobile ..•<-.-.-..01d. tunitywouldhavebeenpresentedoiexhibitingthe,MiddlingOrleans 7d.FairTJplandij. <VS««7MLdifferentviewsofmembersasameansof influencing FairMobile. 7/d.|MiiddlingUpltand* ..v...6{«LandactingontheCommittee. HewasanxioustoseeLoxnorf MOMCY MAHKKT.—SOHKOIM closed on FridaVat 9S}® 93J for money and account. Theybullion in the Batik or England Mr. BURNETT, in explanation, said this Govern- ;bad increased £403.000. The money market was- vcrr-active..make, a speech, because he was satisfied that the eyes former rates. Fish Oils quiet, but steady. Linseed Oil in good of the whole country were now directed to what this to his prejudice, disclaimed any such irtentibn, and demand* at 30/. Olive Oil advanced lO/'S^O/ <*> ton.' Roafe. Mr. H A W K I N S was understood to be satisfied withr>i«2ze8.—Lcp.]The Indian Troubles.Mr. MORRILL (Rep. Vt.) askedt.o be excused fromsee what, in the existing state o f things, i s t o bremedied by legislation. The Republicans nave electedthe President, a thing which is done exevy four years.He did not see in that anything requiring legislation.If amendments to the Constitution were t o b e pro-posed, he would be glad to see them. rfhat is the only avenue and One-llandred-and-second street. DamageMr. SHERMAN introduced a resolution, which was of the'•conflagration. 4$Bpabout that, but the President in his Mes age had rec- good service as all the other engines totfotber.The premises of "VYal'don & Co., also the stable*,but the House referred itto.the Committee"on Terri- factorilv ascertained, but was variously estimated at' - »FIRE AT arANirA TT AXVIIXK. . - .Last night, about 9 o'clock,, a fire occurred-£h the & rope walk of Patrick Firinegan, at the corner o£ Ninth * _vJ.J*I .... s; :'JJ:--WFulton New York 13069* PSfcivim.. i&fea - i • $$$M% '^^^?&m *fe-sfe-< $ m$MM§&•••:lip. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetThomas M.-.',www.fultonhistory.com$$BWs #*•?•'*•?''<•& M-#' .».••-<f..ma•••% » 