*WAHnrafoa, Wtdneaday, Maxell 7. OOBSkOMOaALOOIBOB.Mr. Fisnn>K5, of Maine, (Rep.,) moved to post- jecud to tb* sane for charge, InNcrtk ftHra^a*i^diawww.fultonhistory.com""- . - -^HMHIFROM WASHINGTON.Oncewh<& tbi gentleu ofarguiient, Itla, IlilDgelke than thecotmtrUs in Central America, wkereeUmate and soil are alike suited to them, and wkera place could be ob-saa PRICE 'two tZSSKV=l$^$[^ others. Hesp<*«ofNortb*ra eoonML mtkl«iiytellr.T«rak6. iniCBLTintAI GOILBBE BILL AGAIN.tbe same time turning him rudely round by the shoul-against this aide of tin Senate, I propose, for a brief(tvea him tkaf Now no man has rigbt.shall hear no more about negr* toiall^ or anythingMr. BonBAM, of» .m-w^m.- —aa. j..-'drew pistol, pointing it, nid, Approach me Insecurity exciept from invaders.ttUWiPwty.A WA«ON-ROAI> C(»I.l.I8IOir. p«o<Al Bttpatek to the 'Vew-Tork Tim**.Sir, andof perjury, nay, of cowardice, which 1 confess grated cause by any decision* h* may pretend to make. He had never sent upTkM^ Mr. Wabi Is aot a popolar ipeaker, his to forward and take theIf a ot public opinion that he could afterward receive no ui>on so low a level as that But the majority of the journed.TheFathers of the Republic stood, MX^Uk*A WAOOV-KOAD O^IXIBIOX.A row ocetoed this aftem'6on between Messrs.it was a declaration that those on thatMr. BiAiiCH, of North moved it be Carolina, (Rep.,)referred to the Committee of the Whole oh the StateIts Strength ia the Bensue—Tho *— nUarevreoeBtmHana ofthe Trfbaac.Corraronietutaftke Nnf-Tort Timm,WABBoienn, Tueaday, Handt 18W. 0,door, armed or unarmedSBMd, prodeatty declined the invitation.TBI RATAL BOBOOIhTbe Naval Coramitlee will be Invited to visit thewemightsay, (oppose, as will be the probably' caWllty of a great central -overiand route.bilt, Binghasi, Blair, Blake. Briitow, Baffing oa, Burn-,-but Hr. MoGbaw, thoughtrell, ofGeorgia.hor.oron that side to navecour-case, we should aiinex iiie Fejee Islands to this nation, andit beldamX MIZICAB TBKATT AND THI riLLIBITBTmS.proceedingsfor action. The Chief.leaves here ioT New-Orleana this week, wbere he expects to make^arrangements for transporting a portiun of thefcrce to the Klo Grande. ^ OTIJOAND IXPEESS.C<Hn[ilete arrangements have been made by which the Overland Pony Express will go Into operaUoo April 3. The predae point of starting on^e frontier tfTMityetbeendecideduix>n. Mr.Rcsbul,ofthe irmof Rnssiix, Majom & Co., has returned ftom the West, where he has been supervising the arrange- Bents. This Is wholly the enterprise of the above firm, who are determined to demonstrate the practl-Government officer, with power to examine and select the same, were to-day presented in the House by Hon. Jomf Cocubaai, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.agricultural collegesthe billon the table. Negatived—72 againstactively preparing^sovie of the some of tbe arguments,that sort He would have the iwo races separate,Conneetlent, (Bep-l gallforty, step upUi Wows to-day tUek and heavy. No bnalneas of s>AW, LAKSxa retired. The last statement I beardCol. Luniu, still follov;ing up his antagonist. wlttaln Ihe hotel, Mr, Ma^uw endeavored to go -intoan orInsnywaycompeltbemtod*aayttalsgagainst their interests, but he boned tblilfineiple would bettat section thecraven notes ofdlnite 1»Heseupon Mr. Kiaxwoon, tlie proprietor of theperiod, to reviewdeclarations and some of tbe vituperation contained In that n>eecb, foe I acknowledge him to be amongfCQitIspM^Kor tb* dedstOBS of the' Courts, when thalr proper judicial ilmils, than I have, and noofhere, tbat ther* parioftbeKqmbUcaas toare a dead man."As LARSujomped to attack him, exclaiming at tbepeaUonsheTe asking protecUon (or her Industry. She had notcaMplalBe?ef the man-again.youi am unarmed, yon scoundrel, but noaoore harshly than all the other accusations made use of. Vve w ere told that «e, with the untold millions we reprcfent, bad so lost our sense of honor tbat weoouldnot recent an Did he t>elieve we were arrant Injury.cowards on thin sloe ? if he did, and 1 have no doubtTbe moment the Court tranacends Iu authority fortbe porpa** of aSBcUngany political eao*e,its decisionCourtsof I lslmpertlneiit,aBd,wiuUie Georgia, say1 hold 11 Id bmer contempt, and if there ever was a decision OB God's earth that w«ld warrant any pri-that It was not to bo pormtttad >r aflKimmUsame time, matter.""Sb*u't. IdSi.d.^'"'''' ^f ''"^tramentadmlnUtored,HereMr.Kixxwoosagaininterposed.bedid—ifbebelievesthissloeoftheChamberareall vatemana in Senator sayhag ^Ihold it.wished to know koiF ^testimonytobetakenInthecaseofWiuiaksost»/ posedand ritories do not to the States belong^y»tt matimmmm^^ "tbeentry. Col.I>Ain>i^topj>edblm,saying, Turn tbeunfaithfulnessofthoeewLSir, as the Senator bom Georgia seemed to be the round now, Sir, and lafe m«, and answer me"—at Attorney- General to bring i> a bill of indictmenttalned for them. He wonk) not doitaeminjustice,beard.The North will notsurwadarth^«hotne, adding that ladles on the floor above were se-rtouly alarmed at the nolee of the altercation. Thislot an Instant parted tbe combatants, and permitted not lack tbe zeal and if heotbers to feirat out tbaeesabia* w8h abnaae, oorrspttoBaaBd oati*-Itself fromllj Iwn Wyeki tf Hew-Tirk, in Dcfenee of Hasbav to retire some ten feet. He immediately noted character, he tailed where Satan could not Sroodpgoertlwohiio, for any purposes, will reach over tbecontempt," LAKSiisald: "Come on the Avenue again, Sir. non-roHibatanls, I will not believe he intended to earn It is tbat ntad Scott decfiion. What was the case ? Relieve this gentleman from this affray here. ^ cheap reputaiion for valor against thoee whom he An old aaab sroseeutes (tor bli liberty In tbe Federal Take your pistol and I will meet you as I am—«n- supposed would never meet the ebailehge. Itlsknown Conita. Old Died Soott sued for U* freedom, and tbe totveiybody tbat tbepeopleof the Free States have plea was pat in that, being the deaceadant of Afriea, utterly repudiated this old, and,they con'.end,barbarou* he could ndt sua In that Court. The Court decided TCka «9eeeh of Senatoi Wask in reply to Hr. Maosaw refused. Llirsia, then, after sttgmatizing mode of settioig dlfficnides with a duel. Every Intel- tbat a man say be so monstrous low that be cannot I him as a liar, coward and scouodxel, requested any ligent man Itnows full well that the man who Indorsed sue /or bis life and I tielieve this Is lite first nationmotion of Mr. Gaow, ofCaifomla, the (Dem.,)quarrel.b«tt)e'«za ityle rivata atteatian, and be admlslatered friend of Hagxaw. None speaking in behalf of Ma- treated as an outcast, and if by any accident, he should ^esccLdsnt of African ani^stora, who, havingRepubUcanf standtain Congress. Tbey have and^baid exarela*^gaj'aaraltnttnstwaitnnaactedIneitherBouse. wasJUwot fifty memben of Congress risited Mount and meet meoffice of trust or honor in any of those States.is CourtsaidIkat Dred Scott, beinga a de- negro,Vernon abd refiwtedMr. Tut Wicx delivered a speech of mucb bltter-were me for it, and lied to the whippedbya fine Ume.Mfto-day,anditIsramoredlefttheHouteaccosa- scratch-fight—youwithaloadedpistol,andIun-havingshot, andarmedyuledby a {nrty of friends, in consequence of hear- thethings amongern people- We have bad no reason to distrust the courage of the tieople there. Why, Sir, pbyslc;al cour-bvroom Court. The majority of Means. '^lagtbathewouldprot>ablybeattackedontheway ofthehotel ;proprietors offered to wait on tbe ladles and apolo-Mr. Casx, of Indiana, (Rep.,) asked, but failed towhen duty called ? But if I understand the Senator. in that Coutt that (»n ride triumphantly over members made out of order.tbe Union could not stand tba aleetka man, then let it slide.oftQ feia boardlng-bove.C0I;BT HAKTIAL'tgise, and retired.The report has been circulated to-nlgbt on the part,^^of Maobaw's friends, that Col. Lahsis was accom- far the trial of certain prisoners now In custody there. panied by tbe fighting members of bis noted W«gonyearsoraafdflfadlislatiTad*M«M-iBgaa iaterpreter on the occasion.Ithe common Tenitoria* bldng theTHE MEXICANA Court- martial kas been ordered at Harper's Pai>7,ago, held thaae decisionsbreach t Whoever heard of a coward at the North turned arouni of late, and have found a virtuelylnsullhlmIf elected,andnotp*rmttawTKB PAkAOITAT TBXATT.Tka lattfcattona of tke Paraguay Treaty were ez-ntaagtil to-day, and at 13 H o'clock to-morrow theRoad party. Tnls the writer of this dispatch knows to l>e untrue. He was accompanied by Major Yapxi*, and duririg the altercation was joined by tils nephew,W<not believe the Union would be dlsaobwd* was elected President H* ravlawed tto 1 I»licy of the Government, and In advoall^ tectlcm of Ameilcan industiy, aaU ttbisr more than anythtrg else to thTebceonfederacy.MinisterIstobeformallypresentedtothePres- partintheaffair. >;had made were not to be dreaded whenened to march down upon us. I made no such alle gallon against the North. Tbe gentleman seems toMwiluit-MT. Wian, Secietary to Minister Bowu*, act-•from the Associated Press.WAsaaiGioa, Wednesday, March 7. The Committee on Elections decided to-day, by a vote of 6 against 3, to report In favor of allowingearth tor tha doctrine la so absurd it cannot stand. ;When did thaj nt the constitutional- power to carry slaves into tM Territories ! It Is told now tbat, the_confraryand now, you scoundrel, you refuse a 1 Ehall never notice you again."" :you have refused to name your own weapons, tijne and place,WASHoieToa, Wednesday, March T..'gMr. MooiHXAb, of ..Republican Pa*rt wirllU m_e.e,t in CoBsiaiiSHaB. hr flM nomination of a PreaUiedennttlal —a aYou have refused my ebailengeCourt, because he was not a' citizen. I ask if that was not tbe end of tbat case ? Then, in the name of God. Judge Takxt, why did yon^-etain it any longer ! It was settkd upon every principle of adjudication, and no Coiut has held to It more solemnly than thatpower for the axclusiaa of Mr. Fasbbvobtb, of niinois, (Bep.,) offered a lories.;;Mains, (Bep.,) bi an Antl-ateiMy sptech,malntaloed tbat the Free 8»toshaT«taat^^you have struck me with a slung-Mr. of resolution directing an inquiry into the expediency of FxsxT,tol. "Lab BXE made his apologies tothat Court are Interested In tbat decisloo, and, strange as H may appear, those who complain ofPresident The North would m»nm-t tfc^ «Trirt.;Slaveryfrom _^**eVent of tbo'oloetkB ol a jEanMIe^was necessary to maintain their own honor when im- trustee for them. Suppose, for instance, the Senator McGxAW bad reported In St. Louis that he been Messrs. McBtnight and CamDbell,-of I'ennsylva- peached. * from Ulinois(Mr. DoDOLAS) should own a plantation inna LAisn out of one of the hotels here. The latter nia; Dawes, of Massachusetts; Matston, of New-Hamp- Mr. TooMBS-dL «ald those persons who were not Mississippi, aat should wish to take the slaves Into aMr. Msaaux said his cussion.objectwas to afford a fair dis-Mating blm at tbe Kirkwood Honse paid Mm someMl-kaad oompUnients, and invited blm outside the North Carolina; Stratton,ofNew-Jerseyand Boyce, of South faithful to their contracts, aod w|)0 passed PersonalTejrilory, letae ttk which State In Its loverelgnty isMr. BaiBCB remarked that the bill was of vast Im-sblreCarolina, In the negative were Messrs. Gilmer, of Liberty;and Gar- Mr. Dawks was directed to make the report, which is to direct Mr. Wuluahsos to serve a notice on Mr. Sioklxb wittiin ten days, specifyingbills, were not to be dreaded.Mr. Wadi-I sm very glad to bear the Senator's where the slaTM are owned ? On the same ground to beIt is a proof of the inherentand wcsth varioas taS.;Stevenson, of Kentucky;explaiiatiun, because 1 say it is no particular merit ordonated,principlesTreaty that, large Interests enlisted against Itsliody, and If any case could be made tSa^ainst the North for an^ violation of duty, hewJJB^ to makebe lived np lo. But just as much as I revere an honest Court, keeping witbui its jiuiadlcUon and restrainingGod-gfven tight of every humanlbelng.Mr. TooMls said the Senator dther could not com-It Btanllest. He nad tbe iilillllj.^llll' llifcilliii heconsider that not.theypeople;I doproperty of the States, esch SMe baa a right to go into them with aoy^tbey belong to theaitd MeGaaw, the Wagon-rosjl Snperinten- SJCSI.1B. The affirmative vote Is understood to have the people the> represent, lacked that courage which people of the Dnlted States ; and Congress Is the of the Union.and Lord Ltors declines noticing complaints. that the loudest came from those who bad to commissioners aa decidedly unconsutudonaL It has been founded for thirty centuries. Sir, it is dis-the public In Its true light.Nothing of recent orlglnlias drawn so largdy oafabrly, complaintsTBI BTBXIT LXTTIB-S0ZS8. , the powerend the administration of the Government We are told this would not boy magistrates, but tbatbenefit of Arkansas and oUier States, In addition to those above named.Jwashing away with tbe advance of mankind in civili- Attlstant Postmaster- General Kihs, before leaving Yor many years, and have molded its policy and the magistrates who generally decide these would be zation and knowledge. It is a principle that Istheunprincipledcant and cruel of {KopengtUea thatVaw-Tork, changed the contract for street letter- I party to whichof other of this law, and said the On that Issue let us stand. If isletters of that journal signed " J. S, P." (sujqiostd 1^ be one of tbe editors) are In no way worthy of oolashave Jseen forboxes, adopting a much larger box, and reducing the years without any power to control in any North never denied any constitutional law, and never let us extend it ;with or make a required apology.is so. Is itof the North, who are entirelywbloingstbe oocnnrenee, Mr. Miosiir tent .wb the gentlemen when we know thatply tosny aet dene by any person under tbe aa^-honcyage, and Mr, MaoiaW arrived yesterday in jour peculiar Institutions, how is it thatYour editorial this on the Hariem Bail- morningroad Company contains sone oisstatementa which youshouldcorrectWashlsgton. is front of »i a hack withlome friends, and Col. Lahsju was ac- by Major Yatis, the genUeman to whomeeapai^ Mc.MAoa.wbadu»on you, because youa,'**^'!^" and openlTO'*'loiMU said,wfll roU away before youGentlemenTo-day Col.ovi ni.,M.*:., T'e Senator from Georgia {Mr. Toombs) rosewilsive to are only these them. Ourprinclpleowe foonded.wsnted to know whether Mr. Vau V^ck was cisposed to test Soatoem courageby going out of the District of Columbia JMr. Yak Wtck was not to be interfered with by"be unsafely ^''^ unsafe. Sir, If we have not en-should recollect libel after Ubel was cast on Re-"e^lv1lodg- complained*" thepeople of Georola that afnr..awe ut-occupy and w* demand, also,blaster of that kind.yavMvarks tothis^emieman." Mr. M«a»AW retreated to Hotel, fcUowed up by Col.rights. the* sover-that therethatpublicans here,macieH""""?-populallonaslargeas The next thingthat of willEurope,thedtmaiid from you an explanation ofstruck blm upon the breast, puthlng him "comes here and Is ready in hertoand Involve us alltheis asked for b} theits favor, "'"-fjij "«S TMsUned by many ofaforesaid remarks.cussoil. IntbeSenateitwasdebatedwas neariySpeak up, and speak loud. Sir," To this Mr. Ha- itv one common niln.,brought.eai* said "let m« isto the Hotel." " %ohave lost one poor nigger a year. He does not tell us pledges to Fre*ddWln our Territories, the Re pUifso sentitire they ought to regard Am feelings ofCAMPBBLL, PiesWeaU re^pe-^^LijrCol,what yout•»m—S-*E ana the final vote in both Houses ^too,not, then, anomalous,lowsNothing In the preceding section of this act shall ap-Institution. Init within your own bou/i- New-England, forgetting that slaves are burnt at th* pecUnt donolnation inbelongprovisionswill resist such a law. The law is unpopular, for itright, passed, authsrising patents to Issue to mail contrac-anyajl'l'W ot A* ComntttM at present is in favor of Sir, who of the Adminls- given up, but it does not state the means by which there ?THE LANDER AND MAORAW RENCONTRE. and have controllea all tn*maywliilsvtteyouIts normal court Itlon, and our Instltutlbns iviil standbtatxhuit or a nuMD or col. <la»dxs. Brt ei ot DUpaUn to Hu Snt-Trnk Hums.WAsaimnoH, Wednesday, March 7.policiesment to suit tliemseives? This is most manifest fromit is frequently said that -^le Constitution would notto the glories of Slavery and preachPresidencywould be sufficient cans* for a resistanc*,W.ofLaisd, Massachusetts, Superintendentwere In the possession, and he was proud of It—and well he might be—of 8iO,(M0 squarewas of one Everythingcitizens. If that ConveuUon jealous any the North, and shows which Is the ,British could-.have crowned a King In thU Icipl-weroanlty and Freedom bold op In foil view. Note hiaThe encounter, this afternoon, betwoeu Col. P. from Tookbs) told us that Georgia (Hr.they State should surrender any power to protect h*r own out second best shows the security ofpeople are la earnest"civil war would throughout our South border whichintensify the sectional Issn* now before the oouncry,and on tba totally demorallxe tbe American peopleef the Overland Road Wagonthe same thing. But stick la the fact, and person o^lngAid Societies, the "Kansas work* can be reenacted all along our Soutbeis border Uaa(0 CoL Lajdii. begging him not to renew these gentlemen was never so prosperous as to-day ? of the United States made in purstiance thereof.theIt isand itcaanot stand thenew phi-derground railroads have so sapped the foundations ofagainst the powertectlng their own citizens. No aspsrity of lao tusge, no frowning countenance nor denunciationOnlo to what lsdue*to her shall eve* induce forgetand uncandidcitizens of Slates holding spectes pixipertyyourproperty higher ,by your boat Hog and hhowing, than at any former period T Kiikwood's Hotel. Mr. Ma8»aw got out ifn,?" tbings cannovbe. One other thing I wouldIt,andnotto ihiecurse. Now, propagatelomxa met Mr. Maoxawmarket,has ilsen in the and now stands*""• *'"' « kt^id of despair on hiscouoten- nfn.th „. .k' ** °° t*" '""^ of 'he Chamber were the"e fe't them to be the ene-.giant Legislature was "very quietly^r.r^?lKfithe lastScarcely-any bill was so thoroughly"2" It U altogether untnie that -no"^,"",^mlt?of hi. ofd In our Janaf'^v^,"'' Po-'/wo-^d.saywhen they have taken every precaution to protect th*and centuriesnowdai^ered thi ru\t we we« fS?h?TM''"°.'of terly repudiate. OhloU never forgetfulhave. we hold is the principle of theMMvet hi^oM*"FugitiveBut when her elsntles of other SUtes. rightsto AlbanyeitherWHrmesUadshall be protection to Northernjer labor of Europe- These are the only measures of thethe steps of the ithelSierivvia^ntsS oOIf t2hbe"' """;' '"""^loyalty ofbyCompany^s^r^^^.j,^l„i,„, ^^fxtixg the days of the Re.SlmVooary wl?^o the Dre«BtRepul.hcaii Party.-'Much Mr.bU hand to his pocket, and•caetUng wUeh, so far as yourent andei^ood, meant an apologv. Col. Liansa e«aped from the great Statereferrlngto the free negtoes ofnot hMdred tor mutteringover day. one^Mr. Wads cloredIMr. Tai Wtox saidout of i»opertypower, claimedandcompetiuoathe Councils of the during the next four yearfcSlaves are higher than they have been before,diflculty. He tken went West, and while and their is more to tbe owner And, continued Mr. W., now, I ask the Senator if losophyof the scrutiny theis founded on and not on tne jus-he had Col. LASsxa in a whippedandIhe vast Territories of this coun'ry. If 1 am right,I ask Sen- portunity to Its representatives to reply. ators what they find In this Republican Partyfight. Col. Lusaa returned from CalUomla two monthsFusinuiT's Omcs,of :«'"' He"> U'eexecuUon of bisotherfor eight weeksMr. Davis—We charged you truthfully.a,./eau'/ewhateverhfd fs<-aped. Sir, had not that Senator small reason tction. Thethirdcoui'toftillsindictmentby vicdmsofdeetphe- order.no others b's"v'e/'^ife ^^ Madlson-OTaBBa ,complain of anybody ? Scarcely aTo that charge confess It is true. We do Intend it, Sir.rooted prejudice, so deep as tomo racescouldnotinhablt the samestates were now uying to drive them out. He thought this Government o»ed it to justice and to themselv** •.o provide some lEeats wh<freby this unfortunat* class might emigrate to some congenial climate, tvhere allwoge^ Companycorrespond-back, saying. to tear Its thjB Dnlon,negro a velThad gIoTsV^I 5SemaC. war onTerritories of the Unlted^tates. stand tbe objects and purposes ofI If I under- Republican this very subject broken all the(efli.,Hr. WASBSbin, of not to violate tke micatrue thatonly--down, And why, sir?proofpillarsIt wasWhen tbe General Government hadm ragepl*^.ManypronUnoli, of Ike"-^^ ^ ^ which lUrl^ peUOonsmany speakSlaveryandWif. F, Maoxav, freight contractor, and late bestowed upon man that looked to the su rrender of any Stale ^s all so secure andSuperintendent of the same road, originated In that ofpower. They nevergive any powerHethe following lected that Mr.—ana wheu that hasIt^wlll attackedgrowing out of a refusal on theCol. Liiroxa, Directly aftery^iaeal^MaoaV to fight a duelSoutherncircumstances. Maosawbe recol-to claim the from labor fugitiveerndespotismExpedition,and he informed us, Sir, that it wascapableof sustaining a population greater than principleopinion New-England, the British would;to youfr Slavehoidlng States,conscious ber strength tbat she forms an empire ofand I believe be spoke wltbln bounds when he said so. He told ut there were but twelveaOool th* which was as gallmg to th* to the blacks, and said there was no at-Europemillions of people inhabiting that country. And we been aeceitained, no State has resisted tne law. Bat" Rights," but wfcbear nothing from the secure re-there a* In Washington. at the Souhl,.poke;;them,argue—"-"^ -^ bis and " stand.Hesetforth,Sir,withthechargeoftreason,casebeforeblmandendeavortoadvanceapoliticalT!^h*e'Si*o"u,t/h" lethe particulars that he intends to prove \ to which trust In God that we, their descendants, shall ever be to eating a of them. he should portion SupposeIn the ratification of theMr. Sicxus may reply. The parties are to have sixty as ready to vinulcale, not only our honor, but our take his chattels to our Territory and claim tbaI tbe institntidB and enlarging Its accomo- made to-mpirow. tbat Is all the Senator meant, I woultf not much dis- cantlballim there, It Ji plain you would be The memorial of the New-York Chamber of Com- agree Kith him. Tbe men who could be faithless bound to prolKt him, else the State of Fejeeprotected byfaithless to the Constitution and ready to traoip'e It CoDgiess. Another man says Congress has no right luider foot. And now. Sir, just see how Inconsistent a 10 pass laws, but theCourts, which are now omnipo- selves of the invitation of the Ladles' Mouat Veroon gentleroan may be. . . 1 have no idea tbat he meant tent, can proclaim a law, and we must all bow down to express the full import of his language, because tre to it. There is just this difference of opliuon on tbat came here taking tbe same oath as I old, and vet he side of the Chamber, but all agree that Slarery should toid us ne was eager for tne signal from tbe Old Do be spiead to the ends of the earth. But suppose another minion to declare ^war. He was ready, prompt and case. Suppose BxiaHAM Yocao 'El,ould come fromCcynparativelyfew Congressmen availed them-AsEociation to visit the tomb of Washi.iqtoh to-day. The latter west to take formal possession.t, Clark of Miiaonri, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Craig of Mis- souri, V'rattie of North Carolina, Crawford. Carry, Da- vl. son, Davis of Indiana, Kdmondson, Engllsb. Flor- ence, Grow, Hamilton. Harris cf Virginia, Hill, Hiod-Aotad upon themselves by selfish consideration* only, lk*y cannot understand kav* no iadB 'gives ihem $10 to decldeone way, and %i tha other.covered that it is a sandy foundation, which is lastfailed,vaganee*atttovwyaaa.armed. Comeon."TMion attracted quite > crowd to the Capitol. ' one of tbe crowd, of which there were more titan this practice iu tbe North has so fallen under the ban on God's earth tbat ever put a being in human form The motion to poaQione wat to. Ad- the views(ke '"er'"^*"did with anotheraay political conneatlon, so. Sir, In exact prehend his charges, or waa tanable to reply toside,;gentlemenwho dragged kings from their thrones when toey un appear In this body, then I believe they not only holddeitook to trespass oa tbe rights of the people ; and 1 a put of their population In slavery, but they holdgeneralratifieatloB,^Kaval School at Anxaiiplis next week, with a view to daysto take testimony. The report will probably be rights, as were uur ancestors at any period. But If protection of oti country, that he might practice Mr. MoaaiiL repeated that It was not his purpose to In Washington, have been set upon by tte ragotarmerce, and the special report on wMch would be verT apt to be cowards. But i-don'twisb wouId|Dot have Hr equal rtahts with tbe other States. it is based, to be understood In regard to this barbarous iBode He might say It tans law o^ my country. We have pia^ini that any appropriation to be made by Con- of difficul'les. In thinly settled and par- a ngbt to roast aod eattbishiropeity, and if you don'ttnnlty for discussion.Mr. Bbabch said recentPress," which disgctces tbe profeasioa of Joimallaa herebynotorious^nallty; and,b*caua*flwpasttaa aforesaid will not submit to the blaek-maQ proaaaa, this venal gang or piratical joumallsta baasettllrggress for tbe improvement of Life-saving apparatus tial y Glvrilzed countriesThe probable rejection of the Mexican Treaty al-readyinspiresfilllbusters,andtheirleadersare beexpendedunderthedirectionandchargeofastraintsotlaw,andwberesemi-barbarismreigns, Republicandinvolve!alllo^ecommonruin.1sup-become a where would ttie law,;in It,pillars of this.shouldwbere there were no re- protectus«* wOheuSdown tbeIf this landscomefromforthebuildingupoftheproposedI dont know but this code might be necesjiary. Iimen cannot be restrained by a more elevated prin-ciple than (ear. It may be necessary to teach respectfi,r the rights of others even by fear of the cdinhatBui 'be Senator HCC'ised us of and to thempains to defeat the treaty.Every man who has ^oken in fisTor of tha poBeyof the treaty, in tbe Senate or out^of haa hat Ut It,motives inipugned and his actltm "t*IM by tteor*being perjured bringthora,YxA9—Messrs. Anderson of Missouri, Avery. Barks- gans or j£e hirelings of opposing Intaiaila, aB ct dalS; Barrett, Booock, Bonham, ^fiojce. Brsbson, which have, to a greater or less extent, a panoaal-and a pecuniary stake In the result, and Wkoaa ae*lis inspired by that direct and eaosa. movtngaffected ?That where thenot asnegroes are, or tbe .State portance, only to the public property proposedgtrengtb with tbarefer. But tbe Smaba- claims Uie right to ergiafted on tke Repabllcan platbna, and tken we to^Souaj^diction. and.r,d.t«>d.-2!«^[avet Into the Territories because tha decisionder.kotel,lB the most gentlenanly maDBer interposed,re^nestlng LAXsia not to create a disturbance in tiis the aM«8t and moat experienced Senators of this one knows better how essential it Is that these should liberty and freedom from all oparesdon which is the Slavery agitation. Tbqr bad b*en oontent to larMtt;OFHOUSE EEPRESfeNTATIVES.well, and Iregiet it, ihatihisstate of things, althoughundoubiedlvjustln Itself, has placed us at a dlsa«l van-tage here. I feel ibft ttils sentiment, prevailing at tbeNorih, although righteously, has frequeady p'aced usas it were, at tbe mercy of those who constitute our one. All, Ikes, tbe Court may say beyond tbe case establlablng an Assay Office and Branch Mint at faith with the South, while th* latter «•«• aTCMk tfboartbethairsanstcaeteasofawantosfhocuoludraegxies.tItlsnothestNroratnhg-e wtearsedmeInreatdk,andamsigihntajustaswellhavebeenu^ Chicago.ReferredtotheCommitteeonWaysand cteriuesitooBtihnethNeorth.Threatsbavobeam^Me«f7Heto be he would be deemed a been slave*, he could aot'.malntaIii a suit in that bap[>en triumphant,and held as such in 1 know full criminal, society.^fymwith our Northerneral that It Is cheapened by its universality. Who on their sio*. I will not say that is the reason whyis a sentiment so ever has seen tbe Northern man fall on the field ofaggression nave had a majority ofthat Courtagepeoplegen-Northernthe declsioaa are magnified to such Importance.consent, to offer a resolution directing theWasit not known that twtter men never stepped on the quarter-ueck, nor entered the perilousThe very msB of tke verycombat ?party who, of noa few efiiect, havewe on this side, and the untold millions we repre- every other part of this Government. Such a heresy, sent, have not the courage to maintain our honor. if persisted tB, can result in nothiug but a con- Mr. Toombs-I would refer the Senator to my solidated despadsm. And If the dicta or talk of suchsi>eecb. I made no such allegatloaFREDERICKA.AIKEN. thatapeoplewhowouldviolatethecompactsthey weakestdespotlBithateverfalledonGodAlmighty'sMr. THATXa, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) froiA the Committee on Public Lands, reported back Mr. Moa aiix's Agricultural College bill, with a recommenda- tionthatitdonotpass.Mr. Mosxiu, of Vermont, (Rep.,) moved that itsconsideration be postponed tiJU the third Tuesday inApril. TRBAfSfH. WxsT, who bad no occasion, and did not takeI merely said a Court should be established, we will have thestrraclhana*theythreat-Committee, (If thecan be called such,) roae. Adjooned.on that (Ide ate theMr. Wadi said he had read the speech, and sup- kind of propel^. I deny the postulate. These Ter-,recclreCommittee on Rules to inquire Into the expediencyof so amending tbe rules aa to prohibit the publica-tion in the official Globe reports of any remarks of Influence to iway them from their 111111111*^triage. We Inherited it from our common ancestors, suppose the Saaator from the State of Fejee should under the whip and spur of tbe previous question or lu ground In the Senate.pose the Senator from HllBols would say the Terri- tories have a perfect right to have canuibalismornot,Statesand Idsntcare isketker they have it or notperfectly free. Another Senator says they have a righttheyareand be the laws of ' The following was the vetePROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS.SENATE.Washthoiow. Wednesday, ittrch 7.Mr. SlWABiv of New-York, (Rep.,)'^sentedthe petition of the citizens of Brooklyn, in favor .^ftbe Homestead bilL He also presented tbe petition emergency, tbat he himself *ouid stand forth to poll the harmony of our action. But, waiving the coa- raln, Aldncb,Alle.v, Anderson of Eentuckyj^shley.liab- tfaiee-quarters of a century, considering tbe coase-to second ber^ motion, tor he*'one blast Utah tomentCDan.a are Maclay,Mr. CoBB, of Alabama, (Dem.,) from the Comsalt-been In possession of the vast revenues. The influenced by a " fi'penny bit." Mr. Wads went on to deemed barbarous, and which is passing away. tee on Public Lands, reporledthe bill, and it was TYibunf as the Mexican questloQ. Tbe Wa^tngta^•naiber from two thousand to sixteen hundred. The way the policy of the Government. It is apattern of the new box was to be submitted to Fost- gular fact that those who have the Army,tbe Navy and ^\mas&es of the North, and nothing short of tbe Aloughty fathers, that Liberty was the gift of God to sippi to the Pacific, and providing that the Post- displayIgnorance tbey affairs, their brutality of expres-;but the reported^pur-cannot b* rivalled ext^ept by t'other correspoadsat ot.the Treasury under their control now stand com'and they come forward to tell us that mal- administration Is guch, or their principles are such, that it will be better to tear down the pillars of the.plaining;Give me Liberty, Who would notposes.Mr. AisuCB, of Minnesota,that same joumaL " J. S, P." speaks of tbe MazleaBsin- the goes againstand consciences of thefor I have teen—" '." let htm speak.rNew-Tork Post-office think these detected depreda- The question might well arise—How happens that euse the South of perjury because the victims of tbe the African is an inferior race and cannot defend his *ipedl«nci and propriety of removing tbe National semi-savage populatton." Ha takaa tba tiaaU yacht Wanderer are not released, and her oflScers own rights. But my ethics tell me that so far from this and shakes It a Booteh tntiar «dbMheartsgreatin the bab.t efbelieving, witSTtbeof MexicanPoner changing their hearts can make them eager to execute this law. In the South, where the feeling Is different, when slaves are btought there from the Coast of Africa, In violation of tbe law against piracy, these very maglatratcs cannot inflict the punishmentevery being, and had supposed that this was self- evident If there Is any one here whb will not formaster-Generalmayreserve lands for similarsion and wickedness of sentiment;and in all this haaster-General Holt for approvaldcpradations on the boxes already put up, by a clerkof the contractor, has thrown cold water on the mat-ter, and some delay may^lake place. Officers In the Government and Involve us all in one conmion ruin. due. He would have just as much ground to ac- to tbe shambles of eternal Slavery ? I know it is said Committee of Ways and Means te Inquire Into th* a priest-ridden, mongrel, Ignorant, daaifcd aaAtieos destroy eonSdence In the system, and affect you, who have been In possession of the power of as they have to accuse us because *e do giving the right to enslave him. It should teach men Capital to some Doint west of the Mississippi. as,w|pIts uscfulnees. It Is a'singular iuA that thesetbe Government for at least seven years, should have puniihed,so conducted it that are now of not sxecute swiftly enough alaw more odious andof I know he Is still to be mora scrupulons his rights.ofMr. BnKazTT, Kentucky, (D*m.,)from the Com- shake a rat He kicks It, staoqie afo*depre- dations have occurred nowhere Int in New-Yofk.you apprehensive mint I can deduce no other conclUBion than thatthey are still men and womenit, and, leavlsgdead, be opens JaUlaat iaTBI DxrABIILEIITS.those who have been in poasesslon of this power Iiaveto us. The nextand there are thousands now in bondage who are mucb more white than black. But whether while orot the Senator is that of passing Personal Liberty bill*. There is no foandation under the heavens for this cbarg* againsta humanmittee on the District of a Columbia, reportedhave becn-framed If this had not been provided for.This measure," ressarkt "J. S.chargeblU incorporating the United States Agricultural Society. shown themselves incapable of administering til* Ohio. Ohio never passed a law in vioUtlon of the black they have the same joys and sorrows, and Be said a gentlen^an bad proposal to deed a lot Inrepugnantbeliig;;Th9constantdemandsbyCosgrassupontheExecu-GovernmentonsuchprinelplesasItshouldbe ConstitutionoftheUnitedStates,andshenever areactuatedbythesamemotivesweare. thiscityonwhichtoerectthebuUdingsfortb*exhi- abletosaythattbeMexicantreatylakaoekadattC*administeredupon. 1donotbelieveanySenatorhere, tlra Departments have caused an almost entire sus- from the Southern States can look me tn the face and has been derelict to her doty in this particular. Treated ilk* brutes, their souls may be ignored, you bition of the agricaltural products of tk* country,say that he has not, and his section has not. had their Does Ihe Senator suppose tbat any sovereign may fwhip and trample them down, but as tkey vi'ith a capital of |10O,0OO.'ymkm of current business, the clerical force being full Bhaie of political power from tbe organization of State of U'ls Union <s going to relinquish all her rights are human beings they will rise from tbe utmost degra- The House went Into Cammlttae of th* Whole Mexico." Tbe Mexican treaty, framed so aa to glrs alaadeqnate to perform the required labor. IB! BIAT OV m. BICEI.a8.obvious that your power In this Government has beenaltogetherinalsproportlontoyournumbers. 1donotblame anybody, because I know it Is tbe nature of usall to make use of all tbe powers we hare to the ad- might choose to claim. Cannot a State prevent the But if it .is right, why this perturbauon and tear at serted thelations with that country as well as to slevata her laother State shall beit wllhhold knowledge Irom the slaves f What you ofmeans this persecutionWhat is this f*ar of the Helper book ? If servitude, while the principles the Republlcans'^dvo- you. complain mis shall be ascertained. I appeal to tbe Senator Slavery is tbe normal condition of the race, do y*uand EmigrantIke iltttsg member. They wish to give WauAHSoa iratiOB of this Govemmaat and say that from Georgia If he believes that the framer fear that the handiwork of God will be over- eata are those heretofore declared by th* Demoetra this Infernal crew.It Is bad unpaid labai;i^in the very before him under this law. If be would have any didi- is Insuirendering him ? Let me say to you wnodivine saidthe so-called organBecause tbeythatSouthern gentlemen:enough inwith the labor- bjf o(tli.!Coistitntionofthe United States, or of anyU« naries, and conduct tt In jour own way. '.Ifemployment profitablethan It has ever t)een. In one moment, itis the glory he was upon tbe bench, luid if atugitive was brought sperlefsiesnhtneassge. Yes, n^rethat the assertion waa(Am.,) made the point of and order that no member of the House had tbe right toan Hepro- so re- nounced the assertion of Mr. Van Wren false and tm-CoL Linm was absent In thetains, it Is alleged that he sUted inSU Louis tba text breath, all is ruin and despondency. How it, culty;BAIL*R-ioky Moun-ana boast ofSlrt If the North have conducted themselves so hold the doctrine of State Rights, you endanger tn* tutions,Southeni'gentlemen, and,tice of God. Therewith your Insti- fear. But as toshamelessly toward Southern Institutions, If their un- liberty of your own State when you contendtbe GiW of nature, then, in heaven's name, go with me to limitNsw-Yoax, Matdiri1880.}of her own citizens And she takes no prouderstand on this siiSect than I hope In God every other Stale In tliis Urdon Ukes. Then, the Senator was wrong lo our constituents were perjured,:.sovereigqty —never^Mver, Sir"Old tbat and lncon»lstent wltn theMr.ofDa^, Mlsslssiprl,and to theprotection'.and we demand that It hare land enough to supportShe tends no Senators here to denouncebill;labor the pau agabut^year, or U»ed by any o( its ."f^^anpany have eachbe unfaithful td their uust If they aid not hurl back any such Imputa-are 8 Mailed, her ambassadors wouldnow existed. BiaoHAM, Ohio,(Rep.,)w is that weintended to piohioit and to limit Slavery in the vast the counirv, who, he said, werematkhe itearnestly demandedParty Intopoweron^gurs&c,,oanYes," said Whether they lost them by Abolitionists or not. fiut Party ruse to oppose this unconsUtutlaiial sM^eeBOO* th«Xr fac«lUcs would be developed. There were luck'intibtledlDolcument;orupon her bugle bom would raise million men.''' forty wines. BaiSEAK says these my property, McR&e, Hiles, Million Montgomery, Moore of Alabama, are capable of taking sides against a combinaao^ thateagersaid,Kansas,anyotherTerritory,wllh^lllsUaitin ofOhlo,llartinofTliglnia UcQaeen,eonrietlai>«For what t Why. »to throw down the pillars and 1 must have the right to bring them In here, or Moriis of Illinois. Mblack Noell, fejtoo, Foelps, fry- has the of ai of the Republic in universal ruin. He would do so, tbe State of Utah wllT not have her equal rights. or. Pugh, Beagaa, Buffin, Seott, timms. Singletan, political designs, hope spoils,Away*^MSir,Republcauguaranteewas elected President at the nextwith such doctrine. There is noin Bmilh of Stdnner, Stallworth, Stevenson. money In band, to recommend its defeat. IndtHoa' Tlrginla.if aelection. Did he stand on high ground ? Did he stand the Constitution lor any such position as that. Our Siont. Taylor, Ihayer, Trimble, Underwood, Yandever, in g the merits of this Bnportant question, wUd ia on an elevated position, when he charged us with trea- safety consists in keeping close to the Constitution, » hiteley. Winilow, Wright—73. »son aiiC a violation of oaihs, and threaten. In a certain and the moment we do stray from this we endanger Hats—Messrs. Adams(if Mass.,AdamsofEeQtacky,Ad- many respects Is among the gravest presented for2^Uerswill l>e taken through to California. Telegraph- of five hundred citizens of Berks and Bucks Coun- down the pillars of the Republic ? If to do that is not stituiional law, 1 will suppose that you have a right bsm, BurroQgbs, Campbetl, Carey, Case. Colfax, Conk- quences that are threatened by the^feat of thaonlyic dispatches will be sent over the line now c^n- ties, Penn., asking protection on coal and Iron.treason, I don't know what is. If that Is not a viola- to lake }Our slaces into tbe Territories, and hold ling, Covode,tion of the oath he lias taken, I do not understand the them. Still, Sir, Is it expedient, right and proper to irunn Etheridge, Farrstrorth, Ferry, Foster, French. Its public aspects, and to keep out of view indivHnalTo be sure, these things are said In the do it ? And that me to consider a Gilmer. Gooch, Graham Hale Hall, Harr s ef orings ques- Gurley,Import of it.alVnctlng eastward from California by the Company Hr. ScHDii, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) Introduced heat of debate, but they go out to tbe country, and tion that has been brought up. Toe tlar3 land, Haskin, Halt .n, Uelmick, Hickman, Hoard, and partisan biteresis, which are known to play thaliate intelligence from Vancouver's Island speaksgraeppaernattoobne.fqtuHiete uimble footed enough as he sup- did not understand it. And now the Slavehoidlng ris of Morse Pennsylvania,mercenary crew who insult public by intelllgeneoTraaer River, by a sergeant's guard from the' United. the treutv sttpulatioue with the Indians of Oregon Slates Army, as a belligerent move. Tbe men were and Washington, waliepoitea from tbe Committee'noi insiaiice a single case, if I lemember rightly, but of tbe black race and a blessing to society, and there sen of Rhode Island. Koyce, Schrrartz, Sedgwick, Sher- their abuse through certain New-York joomala to it was a general charge. There has not been a sin- fore ought to be extended. Tbat is the oniy issue I >iiaD, Smith of Vor:h C«n>lina. Somes, Stanton, Stev- subserve their own purposes. They are fully ood^r- gle case of resistance to tbat raw in my State. Wiieo wish to make, because I know your determination to ens, Steward of Pe -.nsylvaoia, Stokes. Stratton. Tap- stood here, as will be discovered whenever the Senstei tbe cases came before the Courts, they received the extend Slavery arising from this new philosophy, that pan, Tbeaker, Tornpkios, Train, Vance, Yan tVyck,loost rigid scrutiny, and the law has been rigorously Slavery is he normal condition of the laoorlng man, Waldron, Valton. Vvashburr-e ol Illinois, Washburn of reaches a division on the treaty, which will be sup*daiertcn from Llrat. McKubid's company, and liodtees<mtb*riversoteetime. TheauthoritiesofVaa-wmrei'B never objected to such step, as last Novem-ber word was sent to Maj. Halicb, la command ofUnited States troops on Sm Juan Island, that de-serters had landed at Victoria, whom he could have ly opposite to the principles for which he should con-Maine, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood- ruff—10«.Mr. WiREOM, 9f Minnesota, (Rep.,) from the Com-ifhewouldsendaproper^officerandconveyance. Inwhich was Minnesota and passed, enaffllngsideration of the principles contained in these resolu- Uiis respect tbe British authorities have ever acted tions and other similar ones. It is a little remarkableto reclaim overflowed or swamp lands within their clique, your correspondentincidentally cblef a resolution instructing the Committee on Judiciary must be noticed here. Toe Senator went bick to the Fathers of tbe Republic, 1 believe wltnout a Gugnts Humphrey. Hutr-O'DS, Irvine, Junkin. Kel-"BOCSDABT DirFlCULTT AT THE NOBTHWBSI. to Inquire into tbe expediency of appointing a Com- gunient. He did not come forward without against the common right of man, and was wrong in Icscbof Morth CarolinA, Lnngrtetker, tt>omis. tove- met by false and base thowho have the bill before the Senate.part in the whole scheme of opposition. Tha ancient history of Greece to .illusirate his ar- ol>seriting voice, agreed tbat slavehoidlng was losji of Mtchirran Kellogii of Illinois, Kilgore. tarrabefi, arguments sidvanced in favor of the treaty have bea>mission to revise and arrange in proper form theaccused us because we did not bnd sbould not be cherished. But-we find j-iy, Mallory, Mar.trn, Ma^nard, McKniuht, Mo- Itself, they fherson. Moore of Keutacky, Mo'>rhead,.AforriIl, Mtr-imputations, quite worthystatutes of the United States. Adopted.of Ihe arrest of some deserters at LangHy, The bill making appiopriation to carry Into effect poseit, In the execution of his Fugitive Taw, but he did Stales have found out Slavery is the normal cou'litiou Perry. Porter, Potter, Reynolds Bice, RigKs, Rfibln- their ignorance and audacity, and who dlsaeaaSnaWof Finance and passed.Mr. Bkowti's resolution relative to Territories wastaken up.Mr. Waii, of Ohio, (Rep.,) thought theye resolu.applied.proper,necensiry r ight intions worthy of notice, as they seemed to embody the views of the Deiujcratic Party, and tbey were entire-was not the only one- I meet the general clkj-ge witha general denial. When has there been a faithful ex-employ missionaries to preach the glory of Slavery, and Induce the whole world to turn slaveholders or slaves, lamglad atlast to seethisgreatqaestion placedThe bin was posiponed till the third Tuesday In AprU.tend. The public mind is greatly agitated in the con-many provisions, everyWiBsTxa thought it bad no warrant, except in ju- political principle can be placed on knythlng short ofdicial decisions. But he was not going to argue this eteinaljustice and right. The Senator from Georgiapoint. Mr. Wabx referred to the clause giving power may tell us t^ at Slavery Is tbe basis on which society limits. It extends the provisions of the law for tba give It the proper turn, and place the' matter beforK.There have l>ecn cases of the motit doubtfulcharacter. Men have even tieen kidnapped and car-ried off. A case occurred not long since. And that that 1 will go with you. Let us extend it, and let usported by Republicans, Democrats and Amerieans.It is almost necessary to apologise for the denunci* atory language of the foregoing, but it appears word for word In the Washington corresponiiaica of the Tribune, and is applied to tbe friends of tbe MexieaB Treaty. It Is, however, so thortraghly appUeabl* to Oregon the IViiiiiu that hastens Utecution of this roost rigorous, odious, and, 1 believe,and tbat it is and right, justif not to the happiness of sQ concerned. 11 you arein unconstitutional law T Mr. on a solid foundatian. for man knows that no mittee on Public Lant^s, reported the Senate bill,if It is wrong, let it die the tors for the lands heretofore authorized to death. I hardly know how to meet this Issue.himself respect tb* old sentimentor give me Deathrather follow a friend or relation to tbe grave than in-asked, but failed lo obtain consentto offer a resolution, Instmctlng tbeThis thecase,tbe "J.I. being great treaty kUler,oveiber citizens because there Is a certain provision in Uon and stand forth In the image of God, the con- !•• the Govercment until now. No, Sir. fl Is perfectly tbe Constitution by which a certain class may be scious candidates of Immortal life. This gives them a on_ihe Bute qf the Union, with but few members peaceful solution of our vexations and haxardoasn* CMmnlttae oa Elactlons have determined toaUfeaiW Iwlliiiniij to b« taken in the contested elee-Om oMe 9t WnuAMea and Sionn, althsugh the our ovm views. Dndoubtedly, Sir, I would d» service toprinciples *( Democracy early taught him- Democrats of the present day devote their Northern mas who go poweis to the perpttoatloii and extension of hnrasnvantage ofour ownprinciples,interests and to claiuia slave ?the South lest their Instltutloni sbould fall t Why IsBut thetaken out of Ber limits ! would be to abandon ^atfull consciousness of their manhood;prefeatMr. Yah Wtci In his speech said h* had never de-"J. 8.P." thinks Mexico will be forced to fall to places, wbea w* shall be able 10 seize the Northern States oa onr own terms, snd then, by meaas Of a Homestead Ml}to any ruuiiess or unprinfipled man wnatever b* our own kidnapping ot her citizens because you have a rightThe Constitution says that anythe scale of nations, being east aside,that stands as an etsmal proof that they ar* not always to be slaves.by bloody,Is or the Constitution would have consented to turned by these frivolous means? Society in the and maintained by the fathers of tlie RepubU* and "J. S. P." says, " we could ran a tier ofTiaa IMMIt Is a total failure to such a degree that you are•very oppoTtuBlty- to estabUslihla claims. Q. medltatlig lis utter and entire destructioiL Who a provision-that deprlvsd the Sta'xs utterly of the North seeds no such means to sustain Itself. You framers of the Constitution. In therepeatedto blame for all tblstexcept those who had the power to owk citizens } No, Sir. Butthere and talk our institutions. We againstnoticing declarations that tha elacUon of Mr. SawAza to thestraight across the Continent on the Booaa* tarn of Texas, and Lower Mexico mlgiit then tetar sod"of tbe Govern- power proiMQlutrgoputrify at leisure."the confession o! those jiDo complain. It is but the But so far 'from this being the case, It was a mere firmer than ever after the confilct We fear such he said this mtist mean by force, but where would th* p.," " mutt be undertaken soonar or later, andshadow of the great principle which I contend for.' was formed la all Us jno were thrown across the politica^.boriKon, that disturbs tbe after thought. The Coiisntutlon things, though the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Him- South get their arms and gunpowder, as nonebly ibesooner It can be set on pnba- fbot, the pioaac ai^equanimity of^our Southern brethren. The SenatorImportant before any man thought of this Txa) may iiy Slavery Is the normal condition and in iSH. rangements being first made, th* better. Kaasaa particulars there with no Idek that a manufactured south of the Potomac. Why,piuvihlon, and it was placed Freedom but an experiment which .Is likely to come after the Ameiicaii retreat from Bladensburg, th* shows plainly enough what can be done whea thaHeremiles of the most beautiful country God ever Stales, and they battled inch by inch against every sreat Northwest, with a population as great hazarded ihe that If the capita! had stood In teachings. He would force a nation to )o*e Us sot-normalthing more than another, It was of the rights of tbe etinditixn of man and which not Look at the tal. He Impugned not Southern courage,but bedlsdplseInteuded toany person to claim anylwcy they coooee Clt was only heMelf We hear this cry from the South of South- sutcessfulwhile the balance of the Mexican nation oa tne Senator says that Ohio, among the rest, has com- show that Slaver y Is not the normal condition of man, tribute of th* Almighty, no command m hU word nor the Suutb is left to " fester and putrifr at leianre." >pwltha Bluag-.hotat WiUard's, last WJntor, the are one-tliird greater than that of the Free States, mitted a kind of perjur> by passing Personal Liberty but it Is an Institut on that has outgrown the times la which tolerated the senUmeats Here we have teaehlngs repugnant to everythlinCol. Lah-all know that the slavehoidlng States In pointof areagionfrage of mastind. 1 wingoestowhites asof Freedom and" Free Labor. All tnlswhile they contain now not more than one- half of the bills. Mr. Wa»b reierie<l to the law of Onlo to pre- wbicb It formerly lived, and now lives of the suf- spirit of the gospelNorth,good and noble in our nature—teacbings disgraoatalpart of Mr. population. He showed tlieir prosperity and that, ;only say nothingtbat Slavery Is a th* course of his remarks hetheseand complaints about the aggression and oppression;Tbe ef Mailleea atraaag OpeaincHOTf mOH TM FUSIDUre OF THI BOAS.Mr. GAaniLL, oflibel the people of any section, and then deny op- Jb tke Edtar ike NetD-Tark TSawsvent slavehoidlng, ""^section,about it Iu the where there are four mtl-tbe Nineteenth Centuryand read the lastas fol-as uttered byto forthand yet tney arMwfc of Humanl^aadSlates.iloos ofers of the North; K^pbyof the Slates to U'-vs uro- Slaveiy is branded and condemned by passwrong—)» wrong—yourit and cuQldity of man.and was understood to false.sayWAWv-ww Ntw-YoBX Asn Haslzk RAnaaaa CtKurt, >(i tbe difficulty the foundation of yourGeorgia,Slavery Is wrong,•esllntrrrst of the peoole. will not be hard sbal be limited. This llmltiilonI. It Is not true tbat theto this Compssy byapparent;,ex|;ltement ofThe Chairman requested gentlemen House.werePresident and Counsel of ""^^„ dimng tbe preeent spentthreeor'"^r .„empfloyedorseat,and have them both and IQ the cli- prosrrerotis baapTcentblingwas no —mate best sulfa to their nature-teach euoylog thatiiiiaiioiMaillj'Sifor tbe present, and wera disposed todo I abhor and scout one from the them. Hecorrupt again stated add went on toof tbliSUtee had violated tbe Constitution. mencement oftbowlon itltno " fiila*hadbeencomplainoftheactionof6ut*Government*; wastecttOBalbecause havenO'mmh""i Z:.^ briefly replied, poned tUl to-morrow.andthe stibiect was o*o^st- IOieyStet**, but tb*y would tmHOnMilitary Academy bill was tuenUpr—.-_pose It tCl the papers recelTcd' from the War De- bers were rowing beanUfrtllyparlment were printed. tbe Mr. WrarAix, from Texas, (Dem.,) said he distind?^ less,party becomesupon to-day, and urged ImmetUate action. His party ahould be judged by that r^^memu more tboronAto ly imderstood yesterday, that the billltwas to be acted He explained and sustained th* B«a^^'nBbut thenot desire to see the bill passed through the HouseBranch, Burcb, Bumsbe select- ed for mail stations on routes west of the Missis-except byreason of the consummate,agreed by Mississippi.of the extrememen of South C*Houston, Howard, Jones, Leake, Logan. Lore,< urt's DavisotMarylaud,I hareDelano. Duetir treaty, preferred toVaat tt wilk lafciralw(Rep,)nation as a"huge, rotten mass of slunk cIvilintlsB ;Involved. Be did of the Mexicanthe gag law. Qe desired to offer amendments, as theprovislans of the bill were grossly uqust to th* oldStates. treaty,move the previous question, but to give a fair oppqr- lobby, and that p<»lion of It " connected wllb Ikeshow that a majority of the House is in favor of the Homesteadbill.:inMr. CiAwroBS, of Georgia, (Dem.,) moved to laythe severaltNelson, Nixon. Clin.AdwInltfteWnn, b«tthe eoattet" «u brepreaaiblecease. It was that ttw chargedfrom the 8Uvethecours*ofUme. HevFould be before tbe Democratie Party waaUta«db>Vi?r-.The few who are partiessupposed to be intercatad and who can be iRiaiwhy others, wboto advocate the treaty but honestcOK fora letter to tbe IWtaw, dated WaJilngtna, Hank la^with the remark: "It Is a to ha * great gratUeatlaaP.," goea onto teU the ooontxr "wktt «* d* otaathave one pf tbe IK>iau'«not have bees so ereigDty In order to seise Its lands, create a borrlblagentlementba! Southerners ulked about burning witches In dom with an assurance and an air that sme^Sstake at Ihe South.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) rose excitedly,session1. it is notofhave beea Prc5er.ie.dInour mostWM'-onlyfive-<tfunimfof HlHM Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 