Uj/ttXtiMSpecialRepresentative In Congress from Uie State of Penn- sylvania, submitted, and the Hoose of *Representa-^'-^Itr 4tc. suppHMVIk''^tacktke AdmlDiatration.KAILBOADB III WABBIDOTOR.andResolved further, That as tbe President, in his letter proceeding. Ttaen, and not till then, may thewsyforTOL. IX—^NO. 8869. FROM WASHINGTON..1aest PRICE TWO JCiOf!^Ckcmat, of Sovlh Carolina, final struggle.b-the Convention wUek isWejiieat •-femtGomnHttee Inse idrem t« the President.I,c^mlpalgjisatal Diepateli a* the H*«-T*rk Tlaea.—tha^lph Iniiiljlliw; whycasnoctnree exente?"M^^ hSTtSS^THX SnXTTBK OP mxixlCAS TISSSLS.WasThe KsolutioD of l(r.lhlii!m, to-day, calling onit had its in the Bible. The Institntlon of Slavery bad stood the severest tests, and, in ipite of all the opposition, it was steadUy progressing to accomplish its ends. He pointed out the capacity of the South lor independ-ilHrtwt m»'JmoMi deelaied his whib to ka I for mimrmnttaAar providlnK for tbe stock to be taken by the citl- aas, to the great diagast of Bise gentlemen, who supfor Vara Ciaa iMi ask-llMi eif DO avail, profonnd attention was paid while Vt. Hicnua read the paper from the Clerit's desk.a conclosiTe reply to thetrue civil liberty.iThe resolDtlons were laid aside.Mr. HcnK, of Virginia, (Dem.,) moved to take upthe Indian Appropriation bill.Mr. Cut, of Alabama, (Dem.,) presented a substi-tote for the Homestead bill.Messrs. of Ohio, Widi,desiring to press the Homestead bill to a vote as soon as possible.Ugh againstdent, and that bis accuser has been consUtated one ol ay«: "Oa thaoccaslon of tbe apjiotatinent topre-Stateshasreasontofearthatwhlcheveryotherna- sUtutionalvote. tion bas suSered.The Committee, entertaining the views herein ex-pressed, recommend the adoption of the resolution Resolved, l hat tbe Housi dissents frem the doctrines of the Special Ueiiagaof tbe President of the Unitedtion ofthe resolution of Inqniry of ua;cb 6, isno, is ne- cessary to tbe proper diacharge «f the constitutional du-''SENATE.ALaaar, Monday, Apia 9.Tke Is reporthis judges.3. That the charge is too vague and general.4. That there is danger under such a precedent ofan aggrandizement of the Legislative, at the expease of the Executive and Judicial departments.In consideration of tbe high source from which thepara attlcles of Impeachment against Lord Milvuli, whldtbad beeta onlered on the motion of Mr. Wbit- BUAD, that gaatlemao was first appointed one of the committee raised." A reason for thisdoabtteas, to tis found In the that the presumptionperson proposlsg examination bas grounds to believe It Important, and is, on that account, the best quali- (•d to'conduct the procsedlngi.:States,That tbe extent ot power contemplated la tbe adop-pronounced PneideBt'a protestcoarse is,of March lEM 38,Bills were passed for theof incorporation Fine"!%• witnesses from Philadelphia not a|ipearing, «»4ay, Mr. Csvoo*^ Committee adjourned over till WadMSday.(Rep.,)Tennessee, (Dem.,) opposed Mr, Hnarxa's motion,;toprovidefartile appoiamaDt ofMr.Wntsiow•val CoBBlttee, Mr. BnnuwonH was before againMr. Wam moved to postpone all prior orders and take up the House Homestead bill.of t-he resolu- tone may be on the score of taste and temper. But 'STm ^|S!SJiSi;ag;''^o;?s ^45?d'. '^^' vf^h;theenactingclausewas lostof the First is Dragoons,has been charged, money was used for corrupt purposesGovernor tothe bill orbeing engsgedto-morrowontheNa--«rf v ,—,»eandCeaunittee to-day, and positively declined for-aiatlag Mr. Hituii's letters until Mr. Haskis pro-<ac«dhis,wkidiwillnotbedonebeforeaextweek,ae tkey arc in New-York. Until they have been fur-'if-*— the Comnlttee tkey an not to be given to thePiets.rat TMltllS.siatnr MiUW will not call up the Mexican treatyCanled by yeas 2t, nays 22. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Wasbhiotoh,Moitday,A)lrV9.Mr. Jobs Cocbranx, of New-York, (Dem.5 in-trodoced a bill for preventing the vessels of anyGovernment, inclusive of those under subventionswith any such Government, from carrying aught savethey cannot restrain an expression of their deep re-giet, that an officer who prides himself upon the fact -fttnt* citizens and public officers, which may and rfgntsBrooklyn ; tt> amend tbe act for tha incorporation of rellglaos sodeties.To Incorporate the Down-Town AssodaOo^ la New-Y'ork.assignedtroops ordered to the Department of Oregon, andand the House procecced to the cousideraUon of the any kind, except sttch as is borne by all. He is as the character and ,.xteat of suchrejectsignitwill proceed forthwith to St. Louis to superintend ar- langcoients for tbe march.mSOLLANEOCS ITXHS.Gov. Hoaiiu., of Maine, was on the floor of theHouse, to-day, and received numerous congrstula- tlOBS.Italready enjoyedtbemonopoly twenty-one years,(j.propoundthe question:^ileamcr Wave ni New-Orleans for Staresmittee on Commerce.Mr. HicEsiA.%'to Judiciarythat which,unexposed,might operate as tlicif this wore inbelieveaii -mprr.re- use or applicationof the puiJlic moneyruin. The otMaeis's capturesteamers the United byeiei i,Moadty,April9.U.tS^^'ie'!'*''^^From the Aasociated Press. WABmsoTGa, Monday, Apiii U.corruptpur- election of any person in Pennsyl-Mr. FowLiR, Postmaster of New-York, reachedhere this asoniing, and has made full and satisfactory explanations at the Post-office Department of'tne alleged deficit in his accounts. They have accord- portceterialDstisnsot thealso. To the repeatlaglv been adjusted and permanently settled.The bill for the admission of Kansas into tbe Union is to be called up to-morrow In the Hou&e. aud the calculation is tnat it will pass by twenty majority, Its success iQ tbe Senate is doubtful, at least with Ibe bonadaries parted by the Wyandotte Constitution. Hajioocx Jobssox, Lieutenant-Governor of Mis-aanrl, has been appointed by the President, and i-on- finacd by the Senate as United States Marshal forMr. WixsiQW maintained that he did no as a ques-that branch of Government which helps to impoie andand one The President ad- legislative responsibility.miis the propriety of inquiry by the Senate or the House into The conduct of his subordinates, but de'''IupKings and Richmond Sanitary billthat State.^__^^___ SENATB.him, could not now be tiiKen from him by anv other member. With all proper respect for the Speaker, it'I||personsWasBiMioa, Monday, April 9. Ifr, Bsoww, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) presented the letololions adoptsd at the meeting at Nashville, Oct.parliamentary liistory.Qn motioii of Mr. A9EAis,of New-Jersev, (Antl-I.«ct)mptou Dem.,) .Mr. VVmsLOW'3 appeal from the (itcisioii ol the Chair wa.s tabled— 125 against 59.to the argument he hss advanced. It is for such cbarges only the House has the power of impeach- ment. The gravamen of liis complaint is, that tne ac- cusiiions aie of such a nature, 11 true, would sutiject him to an iin| eachment. and that the Hoii.-^e has ptd-Zoologicaliiglon City, which would disgrace a trioe ofsavages.Mr. BaoWK said a^ew jail was about being erected be a call ol tlic ll'.use...1.1 ^^-— Liberals have developeaPI:.r kUeaBlam.TIE EXECOTITE PROTEST. ed'tbe world as it was, caat aiide the liewm of exonon the President's pretest^tptth.tbsylefLon foot here, wblah ladieate eome on the part ofment" K. G. C.'s "among otherbullion andmiil after the Niraiagiian treaty has been disposed freight for hire, under a penalty of seizure,•L Ths latter will be brought to a vote this week. At least, such is now the programme, and four Repub- Ueans have intimated their intention to support it.Mr. Tbaiii, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) introduced a bill constiluting Dacotab a land district, and provid- ing for the admission to tbe House of a delegate therefrom.the servant of the same and that he should people,shrink back in terror or anger from a simple inquiry intobisstewardship. Tbisisthefirsttime,tmdertbe Republic, a Chief Executive has left a recorded ad-Blf as to Us true character f A bare suspicion would tparcaly be regarded aa a defensive prudence. And lalheoise cf an officer controlling millions of patron- age, aia4 an influence penetrating every city, town and haailetef a vast* country. It would be unsafe to as- sume informers and witnesses would volunteertherefore the Representa- the equilibrium House ofby the General Government. Negatived, 74 against 108.a new and interestiEg feature In Mexican affairs here. letters in New-York City.CouosPOBT and several of his partisans are sojourn- The Brooklyn East District Fire bill.A number of bills of a piivaic nature were con- aldered.ing in this city, and. itTbe biU for the relief of kansas was taken up auu passed.rumor 'hat copies of Mr. lliCKMA»*3 report had been sent to tl;e Kew-'N'oik p.ipers, and tliat it was now in type?gating whelhertlic Piesident of the United States, orany other officer •»( tlie Government, has, by mone> ,patronsec, or other improper means, sought to influ-havebeen for the return of that chief to pow- plottingas if priioneis, and also to considerCongress be to requiied«ch AoolUaion, and such an assumption to make aMr. HiM,iiA.i type in New-Yoik?made,ter to any particular Committee,cused a cross-examination, as the President seems totfte in question is so overruling as to present itspect that either party would obtatatsupreme powerT«Records approprisaoaU strfckenof war and "•"'""on of Mr.replied,notInjunction that It shouldsupposethe the Tax hOl ofi power (tVan to theI»J«>»ii_JJSI .siS!''.'"^"''*butitla left freeto perfectlyabout his recall.w2!fo?.SL^d».^'^K' °ifSj^wmSrii(< uui have dashed tbe nopes of this clique to the ground, and of course Ihey de-im TenitorlMoveMteKwrnot the common practice.Calls to order from the Republican side. Mr. WAiBWma—It Is.Llbaral P«rty.and tiiu's»»p^e'a'c'e"- cut off aU ""J-of ««*«U«. «.TM„ ^ i^ i nr The bQl was then read a Uilrd time (nopaiMa-IVsettlers on lands in .*J-Mr. Hickman replied in the alBrmatlve, with tlie express injunction that the report shall not be pub-ence tbe aiaioii of Congress, or any tlommitiee there- "prevent prlsoncninttmeofneace.pir- matters as Mexican of ac- named for Co»- JrissisA. It <'''<.,,?! Morris-square ImproveMatfiz«l atthe recurrence ofdesired to know whether if was inand allow the ac-powersill render,^and restore peace and Cohoxpost and his order,Cwnn SonersofWitsoir. of Maasacbusette,bringtofrom">« MillUry CommHtee to Inquiie ?? . J'L'''i'^''*''Tbeconstitutionality,J22 ,22SS.1f*' """' '>y 'he War Department for i5,^,Sr.^ ""•,*?."* P^^Pone^ ail to-morrow. y:-°y^?°- °f.>ew-Vurk. (Rep.,) presented thewithout the intervention of either. It may ized expediency, of tbe irqulry proposed by tne reso- proceed no"' Commefce of New- ° *<=' '" '=«»"' " liablHtesmade to tbe House ?bers may seem most proper at the time. The prece- questioniseral DoBLxno wasuttga favttoi the people of theamoadly, (fearlad^stralgto la daipaMM. tad tha second rellevea ,teties. When shall even the President to they permitwas to Uie aggrandizement of the LeghdaUre, at the expense of the Executive and Judicial Pepartments." If, indeed, 'ears of aggrandizeawat should1" U»e Terrltonia.The firstdo so, then will there be a law superior to the ConFederal O naaat of Ma maaUbst dnUea.Poiau had bean abaadr •o:lkB]r diicoaaed that he batestttutlon,The resolution of tbe Senate of March 28, 1834,-o" "fctnallyMr. WiSHaBB!., of Maine, (Rep.,) anewcommon practice, and the Democratic side haj en-In such a case, will determine fortropoUtan Police law now have a final reading.Mr.CALUCOTOHMaed the motion, announdag laa•-.,,:point, to the citizen, merely because he is boiuid to dischafge'iiIci^nsidefationi ,I'it was a Osaaau^^BT Rwth Caro>ina, {Demi :idrtr«««j.H tK« Much confusion and calls to order from the Demo-shorter or narrower than it is written.-sS^toSSJto.'8Uv."-°,i!^.'">"""_lir. PMg'.Jg?»m.'°n^.Werc laaen up, and Mr. joyed almost a monopoly of it.each House ofitself its mode of without suggestions and rests his retfstance upon it.Saaaae. 'lie fkvored the resolutiSiirawnoeed nniast two hetasies-first. tl^ »"ereitn" procedure the law picssed: "The whole proceeding against him justifies from a coordinate," and rely upon tdgbestnounce Uie Juarez treaty States in capturing the Marin*?'""' Umted SUt« Gov-Tnesepoint of order, that it was not competent to indulge in de-to). THe representotives of the people had met, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) moved to recommit the re- ud the colllelon between tbe two fiectSons »howe(l a port.This was agreed ta, lOS against 80.RgPOBT OP B05. JOBN HICEMAH 0> TBZ PBESI-DIKI'S FKOTESr. HiCEHA!!, f^om the CommitteeI nrialatlon to. the pnblie revenue, has assanud .SSSSLIJ??^** ?* ?ow«rw>t eomerredtrbcMkn. Tile strong smthwutoafib;Party, thnragh Its iriM*the xmiO tbe Maelt F^deraostt,Of Uie KnlghteofOieGoUenCUola. lift \iiiLi.. 1 ."IwideaiMl growlDKestrangement.BOW Diepaiing for a grander, wider, and be hoped adengatiaa ofkatli.''»*iSof tbe ctoT jS*'"^-This stiite of affairs lesuUed frou tke agitattoD of tbe Slaver; qaeitlon, aadmiseon-,OB one side of the relation of the State* to each oiher and to the Federal CoranuDent, aitd atmnticta, iaaUiasy of the KieuaMsa kraaeh ofA quantity of powder was seizedcepUonMr.made tbeThe Committee on tie Judician/, t» whom teas re/erredby ta TbareaieasovemeBtaofasoeiatenaiwaMr iBportaat «iilaethnm>oggery.-a< itottmtm,>A> «Inofmen. Toosewhoassertedthis(qualitydisregard-misapprehensiontheperience,llr. Chsshut proceeded to'*>»^ tremJoended movable fluresponilble. Hehowever, that Slavery was assags of any law appertaining to the rirfitaw aoaj>i« iTbe of IreHglMlitT„ Englandthis House. The President complains that kaf kti The President esteems itSpeakerSergeant-at-Armswith thehazards andregardofranaticismthat tbe of objecteqaaUt; and abandonedthemselTaetoall racesthe Republiaan Party waa the of the eraaaetpaUonfoUowmg report:imneaohabto o«saoe aialMt the PimI-if tbe slaves, and contended that if they were driven frooi here they would go to Central and South America.Intaat was Involved In the was to be preramed from an illegal orthat feeUng, It was nniMead oStby Xbabsz -"irrtii—miwhere. The slave emanelpatloB States furnished two hundred nitl-denleil,*-->n^y aad neceiii^ pre* Si^'SL'cSs-ori^teJ^:a moral wroig authorityStateorTerritorywhether any officer or officers of the Government bycombinatioaorotherwise, preventedordefeated,or attempted to prevent or defeat, the ezecntion of any lav or laws now upon the statute-books, and whether the President has failed or refused to eompel the ezeeaticnandculty. He pronounced the theory of the irrepressl-totheagainstFederal Gorenment' npoa tke latsMMiaaea AdcharfaLegislature, witboat lonaAma^ or high erimes aad ndsdegtmaicn. Asabr^tter mknlfestatloo of the Executiveto beFrance, there would be no diffi-PASSAGE OF THE CITT BAIUOADdoctrine of the of th- races and equalityT^islsanew and startling objecUon,condemnlng asfrom the to few many theAlbuij TheimpresricBpnesOaThe was coilntry"•^itotlona&aiaws, kotin iplai]itiaadab]r.Fntld«nt JAouoa totUssecretmannerlaU» diroctioa of Maitoo.aTHB TIBWB OF THE MIKORITY. IruB the abolition ot Slavery to the great Northern wht ther the President of tbe United States pr ooyocher belaMaatdbyanrBwabar of aaoiaty against anyHe showed tbe evil leialts of else-and that Uiey have been From aU tbai I hare bantheir inalien- He held that the liberty of aningof nations absorb po|Alar rightsUoas are on the part of the not to establishMr. Hcina's motion was lost, by yeas 24, nays 24.preferto confinespecie,Mr. BcuBTOH's .views were read. Tlie [ramers of the Constitution soughi to confine each department of tbe Government wittiin proper limits, so ttiat one might not encroach upon tbe other, and thus diaturo;confine theand neither letters nor passengers,8eSorMa»ha8 been very active to-day, and is in Mr. Scon, of California, (Dem,) introduced a bill mission that he bas been made oblivious of the•exeallcBt spirits as to the fate of the Mexican treaty.is ready to accept tbe amendment by proposedMr. SuufOM.PSZSIDMTIAI, SPECCriATIOHS.BeaaiorSkwaas's chances for the Chicago aomlna- Haa are beely canvassed, and his friends are san-ABMT .MWS.A portion of the escort to Capt. Ritholds, belimg-conjunction with Cali- boundary between tbeandries of Its enjoyment. To distinguish such conduct neadedin tbe ascertainment of truth. Forbets have been offered, butlife. The and duties of each branch of powerof^iosedthe which was motion,Severalnsfased. Gov. Baaxa wUl have a host of friends.galaclargeCourts wheresuch :slavers were fitted outand thatThe President of the United States, under the Con-stitution,possessesneithersrivilegesnorImmunityprivatethe Goveniment aretion. TheDepartmentsareindependent,oneotan- other, except when by the Constitution they ^re de- clared otherwise. The Piesident ma^be impeached,totagmtUsat ComxiL, of the Second Infantry, is assignedto duty with the rccrmits at Jefferson Barracks, and owners, captains and crews.ILaramie, will join their commands atFort Riley.Chairman of tbe Committeepunishment impeachedex--will report to MiOor Macau. Capt. Davis, of theMr. H1NDSA5, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) offe.'ed an amendment, calling also for the cost ol maintaining the Alrican squaorcn.returning from the same." No such exemp tion isthe Armory and Arsenal of the Ui*i:ed etates at Har- per's Ferry, in Yirginia, by a baud of armed men, and report—sure or disapprobation l«apunisoment.To instructions to report the New-Yoi* City tax arraignto authorize the I'reaident infornia to run and mark theTerritories of the United Slates and Callfoniia.him, as favorites and beneficiaries would be the most likely to possess the knowledgeCongressabroad,for the oppression of party vote, taking that right from the City aad gtviag It taMr. Moasi, of Maine, (Rep.,) offered a resolution calling on the President for copies of all communica- tions with loreigu Governments, and copies of In- structions to our naval officers and Consuls on the West Coast of Africa, not heretofore made ctive, and to proclaim that rightful rule came by the grace of God," and not from the confidence of men.and newspaperthese things may-have already done much to leasea tbe confidence of the country in the Legislative as well as the other Departments ol the Guverninent. While Congress should maintain tts own dignity, it should not make* assaults on individuals in public -andaadUve to alienation bv deed, (txUng an anti-raathtt,)the number of slavers captuied and publ:legislationnecejsaryto Companies B and G, Second Infantry, now at amendment, also calling for information where such Congress. Art cle I, section 6. rf adsis the resolution referredDec. 14, 1^59, under which tbe mover w-as appointedIt, audASSEMBLY.ALBXHY, Monday, April 9.Mr.^C0NKLi,\G,onaquestion oforder, chargedthat the Select Committee of this House, who wenvessels were biUlt, at what ports they were filled out, and by whom.:IMr. BaiMCH, of North Carolina, Dem,.) offered ancontemplated byforamendment calling for the places ol resicence of thebeingResolvtd, Ihtit & Committee be appointed to Inquirecropattempt ofto the Pittsburgb Centenarr Celebration of tbe SSth of partyin store Umaellker of tbeuy wUl find It agre^aUe to aMntSBT- ^to systemoar e ^;ain is too dependent on the cottonthis now, but when she her own gotSlavery established, then she would be re:Mly carr.v elections, said Committee Bbalf inquire into aad byfolloving reportdied jealonsr tbeprobaUe aneMMkmeBlapfSlates to the Mtmte of RefretentativeM, begUavetoIISLS^V^"«*!ItBAMal aawar, keeanse ike bydoing?submit theOn the 5th day of March last, JoBH CoTOM, ar«so)attoii convictioB ofezpoaad. Tbeyoning trade. He pointed out the disaster to result pointed by the Speaker, r«r tbe purpose of investigation Tliiy piMM* aa jKaatfaaUaa merely, snch as mayUoiia of the exports, of which the North had the carry-J*'-. V^ RabboiTM, Governor of Vuginla, and At-bug, and that of the very wmMUBa, ^hb ^tives adopted, the following resolutionsResolvtd, That a Committee of five members be ap-<A,Hnasc,the contrary, doat* is nothing at the bottom aflba «•teterests of navigation, commerce sod manufactures.If tbe North contended that Slavery was a moralwrong, the North, under the Constitution, was not Congress, or any Cammlttee thereof, for «r agijast the cetv«*Moi«»giat awba privilege that nf laqafiyofficer of tbe Government bas, by money,otLet improper means, longht to influence the action of; alio,toinquireintoandlaresligatewm Iwl tottoooobtei*deSSS^daeOMd^aS eouatrTJ^ito IfeaPnaidenttokaowbrwhatanthorltyAmericanccce,andhewasimpelledtotheconvictionth^t,un-ofanyUwthereof^theconservativeand of Mr. Covens, from the Com- amenable for all bis acl.s after inauguration as beio-e. whether any citizens of the Ooited States not presentInvestigating mittee, concluding with a resolution directuig theof the House to do nor so,reportwits not in lliceculd it delegate its authority to any olher bojy.ofitsauthorityin to acertain refusing producepurposes.up persons whatever, first determined that the wereing Jbimseif with the House of Representatives, that," as a cuorainate branch of the he is Government,and dan- their equal." This is denied in emphatic terms. HeCould tfceie well be a more limitless field fpr ex- periment? Itcoverseveryfootofthecountry,ifnot the earth, and lays open every act and motive ofwas before the passage of the act of and I8SI,passed.emw, and a warm contest is anticipated. purposesThe Calltwnia and Oregon delegations in Congress in conflict with the justgercus in all Its consequences.signed a strong protest to-day agalcdt the renewal was to requiredAcansTof Schilliscourdinats" citizen ofUnited to com- States analysts,by private iiidividnals.signedllie re- on the Presi-by -Jie ConsHlution. Herein lies the fallacy, and MUest thattLeie hao be»n malversation in office byhope exceptin New-York to continue RecesstorP.M.East-streetwas also tabled.inellpciually sought of the Committee onpresentStates forces exciteil the highest feelings of friendly the Americans.ETINING SESSIO.N.majority,maintalnlnsthe formeris so. Tne President the peace of the country, or for the safety of the publiccorrupt. SuclfawaLtooandimproperiuteilerencewouldbeThe following bills were passedThe Croton Water Additional Loan bill.To confirm the UUe of real estate in the .Mechanics'rightsofcitizens, "ccoidinate" but not coequal. He is"for he " holds the same rank," bit he is no coequal, eveiy •f Ike Morse telegraph patent, as the inventor has contributed to the New-York Hotel Presidential for his immunities and powers are less. The mem- txicuaa listfund, who (.'eclined to produce it, and was right iniuch refusal. expenditurenor has tbe vania been questioned.The following bills were reported favorablyThe Antwerp Institute loan bill.The New- York District School Library bULTo cunsolicate the Brooklyn Central and Brooklynposes,omnipotent within the limits of the ConstituUan:of persons who No evidence exists to show that theproduceSociety Company, of New-York.The Court-house Kings Countyot the money was used forand Powder—FeelidgMr. RuBisscH, of Illinois. (Dem.,) concurred mainly in the minority report.Ics— MaTemcniB of tbe Fillibusterti.From Onr Own Correspondent. Nsw-Oblsass, Tuesday, April .1, 18611,The small steamer V^'ant. a miserable craft, leltMr. Covonr. ofthe right 01 Mr. Wisslow to bring up a minority re-ti-e President ismore numerous duties ; and he is not coequal with tive refponsibility, as there Is but one leeislative head Iollar under tbe parliameiitary law."Uepresi^hlatives,'^Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) questionednot,inany respect, superiorand Jamaica Railroads.To ameiiil Uie charter of the JewishOn motionof Mr. SpiaoiA, the Brooklyn Park aadGround wasParade bill taxen andtion ot priv.iege.Mr. CovoBE wisiiei! to the ofdefine those duties." '- -"not affectTheNew- York.postpcnethis suojei;! in order to eiiaule Mr. Hi>-^.\iis to make aVera Cruzbroke downto put in there, wherelatest date we have from Vera Cruz. SefiorBiciis,lepi^rt on tne Piesliieofs pioiest, which reoort cov- ered the whole gruum'. of the legal question ii.kuived.HicEMAN, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) raised a Older that Mr. VVisbloWs course wa< irreeu-'- acity," in other words|Ii:^heoppositestrongMr. (lointpossess legislativein vnw of article section of the Constltation, de-—The motion was los'. 43 to 45.The oil: was then read the third time and lost—SB to -'8.Ti.e motion to reconsider was laid on the table.An-gtO'OON 8KSI0N. Several bills were passed, smong themTo ascertain »jd the lor de- pay damages propertyTheSi-eaKerdcfidefUhatMr. CovoBE was eiilltleJApril •'ofthe .«aineyear, says:^* ""^ Mr. WissLow fiij<i"'»* V.';'"''Nor do I claim the rijhianyPtoposer of the question.the floor tiavjiiR been assigneJ tomanner to supervise intrusted with ,uch prop- or treasure, (the pnbiic mone;. and pr»t„-rtj of theernineiit tothe lv<ii-f.of Mexico for upwards twenty days. During; 'I'II„.,„ K. »„„„....,i to power.w-illscarcelyboconcededctp'.edleachlogsofMessrs. Jaqczs and RoBXBTSott supportsd tbe bUl.Ml. Covonx said be wanted the hs! in Mr, Scueu'310, 18£8, In regard to the improvement of the naviga- posses.slou, because it contained the names of the ceedeu to pass upon them, or is moving pass upon "If tke House of Representatives, as the grand m-tlaa of the Mississippi River. Referred to the Com- Gcvermnent officers, and not because it wasto Involvethec*intryin one common'to ninth Congress, used this language:which has now noMr. Hals, oflentioa of the Chairman of the Committee on the Dis-trict of ColtunUato the condition of the jail at Wasb- eratim of the sutject iinul Thursuay week, and then the ceiermii.ation of this House might possibly be subjeit t" the imprrlion anil control of a Commitlii njNew-Hampshire, (Rep,,)called the at-portdenVs protest.Mr. CovoDE moved toprevious question.Mr. LiAKi, of Viiginia, (Dem.,) moved tliat theredeceptionof theplea.till a jnililic i./f!Ctr.and s/iould thinlc to mstiiulraii Jiroperdemanded thehe to animadietsion. Unfoituiiateiy for the opentheir tx.di],' AcThe lulines of the SiinremeTbe capture of the.' e steamers, the defeatof AIiea-or right cities. He was anxious that ilie report should t>e icState*, bas undertaken. In time of peace, una witiiout the coliver.ienc%of the House be assigned for its con- the sanctloa of Congress, to use force against two sideration.\,I<'other veaseis-of-war, at that 'time in Mexican water and after a bloody contest to capture the samf and bring them as a pretended prize of war into a ]iort of the Vulteo States, holding their officers and crewsMr. LcAEi wished to know whether the report hadnot already been ? printeuMr. lIicaMAii said it had.r.M LiAKi—Then your argument fails to the groanil.on tbe hasthelluutetodowithtbelawofimpeachment?tenlas-heoihcr.Themostrationalandplausiblet:«,any action ofexpectedMr. llicKuAs—Thelic office. printingreportIs nowintypeIn tnepub-were would the House be t>ound to submit the mat-ifnecessity for the full and unrestricted exercise ofLetv "iKe amouiil decreased $98,00^. The*lr. HictiiA!! ittoi>.ew-\ork«nderth«Sf iniJn,. S"?"' of editors before itMr. HicKMAS•t no means The Constitution prescribesto so youagthe salariesout 'the secUou repealing"»''' "»«'• to theprinted before, it wiu be a bieach oT confidence.mayUie and the author- legalilv,,iiJi'.. .t"^? "^'^.'^Committee on Judi-He is now here understood that, not longM'r. Wbbstib movedofand Uie report of the Comadttee agreed to, andpostponeprescribedit was r«MlTed that the Commiuee on foreign ilela- copies according to precedent, tke President himself otherwise, prevented and defeated, or attempted Ut Hons be inatnicted to consider by whal title having sent advance <'Opies of his Message to other nrevent anu defeat, the execution ot any law or laws,"lack by tlie general voice ef the country ; and in thismatter tlie General evinces as much igaerance of theMexican people and his own powers and position as Br^'^.ir^Lir3?iff. he did when he deserted the Liberals, expecting to beEi!staiiied~ByTlieChurcb Party. The recall of Co«-o?roaT is the last move that may bethe further consid-for thefoimol trial by the Constitution, the Executive L'cpanment public and private. "^ "I"Court have been in tlie made of sny grave offence calling for trial of any same oiieclion. In the cases of Wilcox vs. jACXso.f. kmd. It Is a mere inquiry tliat is proposed. Tbe laii- and Williams •». United States, it was decided Duriigthe roll cill, Mr. Miles, of South Carolina, Euage of the resolution mav be cited as the l>e-st proof. that the law devolving nanicular duties upon After some conversation the subject was dropped. (Dem.,1 askerl whether there was any trutli in the The Commiltee raised is " for the purpose of mvesti- t[.e President, by name, was fulfilled by the discharae ot these duiies by bis sut>ordinales, on the ground thatthfse tubordinatos were instruments through whom he acted and spoke, it can certainly not be uertssaiy to trai scribe w-hat appears thcoughoiit the Journals ol Congiess, that each House has continual- Ob BOOao of Mr. Scaaia, of Massachusetts, (Rep,,) lished lill it is Diaae to the House. He had supplied or officers of the Government have, by combination or ly claimed and exercised the necessary power of in- s|ic cling, in.iuiiing into, and supervising the different Executive Dcnanments and operations of the Gov- intimate the Sartofm, a abip-of-war belonging to the lnlte.1 made, read and printed, and then that a day to suit fused to compel tne execution of any laws," 4c. If conection insisted upon exists between the President no criminality is alleged, but, on tlie contrary, an m- and oti crs appointed by him and exercising executive vestigaiiori or inquiry alone Is pro[x>eed, the question triis's, Ihe leason Is not manifest why the manage- may be asked, with ruling force and emphasis, what inenl of ihe one shoiila not be madeas plain and p-t-that he knew of.By norulesforthel^Witli ;i.He sentHouse. If it Is adoptimpeactiment.To protect the privileges of Congress.endeavoringAshapea"o 000 rompirouer bybrought to the majority of the Committee on stress Is cannot take tbe full discretion Friday, laid, awayaiateu prudence would indicate its aoandonmeiU. The Piesident, in his protest, suggests such a danger,dispatched as I said before, recent evenUbill as amended, moved to a third reading. Mr.Muxxamovedthat Uie bUltoamend'''f.'"^^ "•""g t^en called at his instance.allowed by tbe Constitution, nor make the law eitherOTiEclilef would be t« foUow, then likelyweU-reyu-Panama,^»u1l thev cratic side.Mr. HocsiOB, of Alabama. Dem.)—You know it'sasitscharier. ThereisnoJudgepresidingover the the fears of those wise ana great men, who,^'«»TM;'!,- ernment to« forward in a ""'"^l"'"?"'Mr. of Illhiols, (Rep.,) raised the PaaHSWOara,and a In chains. discretion lockedleglslaUveever have existed, the causb of those fears is left inUiey may,andwho«»alikeen- to Mexican and American Interests.«be bill to increase the Ucenso(Representatives of tbe sovereign peopleofthe sov beforetheConstitution'°wS-'. CAUioei moved to clause. Lost—24 to 68.would aet»• eventsKaec tbe first Monday la last Owsamber, noU- nounced a.s above s'ated. as followsUe leeaes had occanod at the Federal Capi- Mr. Covops withdrew his motion.wbea Mr. Snvnis, " That the PretidcBt, in the late ezecutlTe proceed- Ktm to deny tbe existence of an; such appre-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069""rte «»l»por« Messrs. Vam Aj-tt^s and Couxuito oojecteu.go iaio tteBTBat would refer immediately eoaneetad with them.sof Its fonmatiaa, Iu adoptionat Vera Cmz, giree out of Gen. Ranara's l««d graats.He can make no plea which Is denied to any other cit- izen, anu i» subject to tbe same scrutiny, trial andpawerWhat was The character aod extentof the military Therek could iu this investigation be intended nothingMr. Jaqcbs explained the reason of the delay ashaving been an impossibility to the Coa^slttae gettogether, owipg to the absence of certain laenibeis,and disclaimed such intention aa anyCommittee by the Triliune. The made to-day.to issue his warrant to thefor the arrest of AnGCSTis Scuru., and bring him be-fore the bar of the House to answer for a contempt alties of impeachment superadded. Tbe President aimed t)atd;punishment,proceedings,pen-but a discreditable party scheme to accomplish party:Jadiclary, :proposed Sareniment was asgreat, afM, aitki',,the Special Meeiage of the Prendent of tke United s«K_Aad TMr. Bp«AaA». Jan. iClSir, ^pe»kia« on^ of fhe sutas.soyerelgat) sepaiata ti mut ko^ttWhat Ux.Jiaatuttn. U tha Gormlpatronage,bonaato eTMtMeSmiSr. Alid hu;peonteNovember, 1&5H, of the of toFreaks employment money cured to blm the Constitution. Ashearingwho will be the next proofs that the "wise andto strike the blow. He read from author- arcirtain the amount soused in and aor ject to the law of tbe ciliienThe schooner Bimt nUeding with Uie mans aad ^paaanaan. AsBC^Ai^-heIt is proper to make this additional remark In ref-ed to the Senate during tbe consideration of tlie reso- tiibute insincerity to the President to acconiDlish the') pocket._. _ J o . ,- u.^. .k. T>i.<.i„f to their Institutions, were as separate and independent Message protest against the a^lgn the inteipoeltion comes to prevent aU tinually reducing Executive power. In of theoftheyeaniedthiavaluablefranchiseintheirf i t I; that,FROMTBE AQUIDITCT.Tfca Boose and Senate Committees on the Districtsend for perrons and papers, and report at anytime The counsels aof the people has become so that great,part are con-'they" iarettigation. manyI}{Knglishity to chow that this was contemplated, and chargedPennsylvania,other Mate or states; in what districts it was expeaft-hereafter, possibly,great forebodingsthe with beinR the Republicansaad tbenamesof tbe and forEnglishtore of the Federal Government, which, he conteiKled, parties implicatedtmi..* g^was a cuinpact between the States, and argued that If tbe people North would understand that States, asparpose aforesaid, the Ccmmlttee shall have te powerlution. It was not till after a formal determination against him that tbe President remonstrated. Herepurposes of his protest. Thesuspicionon theALBANY.foreignauthority;ed, and by whom and whoseiC was donevery opposite character to 1bo!e which the President ascribes towere Col.BuiTOS, D. S. A., aad E. L. Pma.have,is topoght tohmtM la'sgaBfensr^'a. ibfetsfeodlbaelectwlsinceaeeseli o( war attacked and eaptored steameia In l«s tbis wickedness and the soooer it and inquire into the sbuiea at the lalatnre." Haanwa, after the adopObn of thr patties Ncrtii aad South, areli{,happened the better for mankind and civil liberty. other Post' offices, and at tbe Philadelphia and other Biaiapsal If it shall be foaod, in exe- article In tbe Constltation relating to the JBxecutlve,Mexico, aad eagerly des£ ttiM TO will make a move tofolly ceased, gate Chicago aad ^ 'Jh&&^tbey haliave tiM Aamli£tratto{^5\.^;that said Committee shall investi-Sm KS ovomn the eoanirr "nSrHeziean waten. Is regarded as a forerunner of an at- He woald say to the North that Slavery could not be Navy-yards, and into any abuses In connection with the cuting <b<i AohUBaAfl of ttWse reaolations, that the addressing Gov. Liwra, used a still anore striking ex- ".^Wto•Tk* Senate postponed the Street Railroad bill, Iabolished, except by the extermination of the black pnblie bnildinga and other public works of tht Unitedrace and the desolation of the country. Great Brit- SUt<8Presioeat is open to a direct charge of high crimes pressionYounor I,Icok upon the MexicaniS ohb.^ortbeall tbeConstltotl^uand where, and how. and when the sjiii- andthecitizenstandU|ionequalityefrights. The wasobtainedaudtransportedtotheplacesoinvaded.^pa-Mr. WixsLow, ol the Minority, made a report de- ity of duties, Wlienever the conduct of the legislaticn may, in their opinion be necessary on theper, when reqiiireo to do so by the Commitlee. Iuistinc!ion between ttirin arises from an inequal- That said CoiDn.ittee report whether any and what latter is open to inquiry and charge, that of part of the United States lor the fnture preservation oftor theMr. Tatiob, Louisiana, (Dem.,)andtnattheie IS iio authority to inquire into the privateof as one of the minority Committee, will read his views to-morrow.Mr. HicEMA:t submitted the motion that the reports be printed, and further consideration be jMstponed till to-morrow week.Pending which the House adjourned. MEXICAN AFFAIRS.The bill totbe premises of thethe actnyingThe Overland Mail bill will be in tbe Senate to- contributions of ar.j unless it be affirms, with seeming seriousness, in compar- property,repealabolishing toUs on Rail-not tbe lessand that said Committee have for perfons aud ps.pers.roads was amended, so as to leave aeit everythiiurbers of the House may claim a privilege, whether right or wrong, which he cannot, and tne executive or law-executing power must always he Inferior to tbe legislative or law-making power. The latter islatterlemaik,bill.In relation to the tales of wharfage of New-Yorkthe former issubject,iiotoniy to the Constitution,buttotheThe fact thatpassed.heveto over tbe iegislation of Congress can—holdsthe soundness of tbe views here briefly presented.. His ciaim tu legislative capthe Executive. Judicial.1, 1,AU legislative powersheiein [therein]daring thatgranted, shallStales, which shall eonsist of a Henate and House ofbe vested in a of the United CongressThe I'tfwas an inetance of arbitrary power unprecedented in higii crime and misdemeanors. This was iiecessarv ment is. under tbe Cjnsiilu.ion and laws, devoivcl siegehis ines.-age assumes that tbe resolution to which he makes reference charges him with the commission of—si'.cnt,it will be observed,throughoutcr inlerferewi'li ibeeilyLoited 6tate2,) uolesb he be anupoii Ihe Fresiufnt aloM, ur iu e.iujuni-tlon with the Senate atid for uhosr contfiicl hr is constitutiormllij rt-;a limitedtkanot even laiilr eensaie, much less pass judgment.other nBliCT,«fJogiety, to teat lafoanally elthardeceivedandrained. Tbetoelr service, to every in putyIt ever been coa- d«ia < tp itaUiie«TaiT kn« n being t Tfee Ikctare aversion to taughtareopauna to It ;monarchy^my friend, may not live to or misdimeanors, it will but prove tbe wisdom of the see the day, but most assuredly it will, eome,dead,sought to be implicated demand the fullbe merged in tbe all- ofmen" of our earliergreat partiM InaZ; may invoke the law of tbe officer.history entertainedof theandparty. Mr.Chxshutthenoroceededtoshowtbena- fr«mwhatsourcethemoneywasderived,andtorep^ort erercetotheprotestof1834—thatitwasnotpresent- them,thatitisdifficulttore«Utadispositiontoat- ofNew-York.orjgaoizatiou wereimp)ic>-t<d therein, or accessory thereto, by con-tributions of mcme.v, «rras, munitiODB or otherwise equipment in tbe bauds or coier tUe cuntrol of said,positiontaken the Pros.dent is^ by-imputed to tbe report would bethement tnd exposure. Il is not deemed necessary toas it is sufficient for the to argumentWhere is to be found the t'cctrlne of jurisprudence, or justice, or propriety whichsubjectstheeverydayli'eofeverymerchant, larmer, arusaii anu laliorer to such a test, aud pro-tects their servant, the President, from it?Article 2, section l,of the Constitution, declares "the Executive power shall be vested in the Presi- dent of the United .Stat!S of America." There is but one Executive bead or fcuntain, and but one Execu-•nies that his is as as theirs, liability greatM spefr. Callicotmovedtorecommit,andmadea ch agains' the bill.ac- andLegis- i^tivc brantlu s of the Government ate the oppositeoftbis.Piesidei't Jacksor, in his Message of April 21, IS.14,to the Senate, explaiatoty ot his protest of the 18th olBerwick Bay, and was obliged shestillremains. Thisisthe Ro»- 01 the iliruslerio dr I'omento, and :<£-rior Ohipisa, a special agent of the Constitutional Gov- stores anu powder, c.-ime over in ban been recft.ed from the Cityin I'purchase ^c news_ President Poie, of whose Cabipet Mr. Bcchinan was a member during the first session of Ihe Twenty-armistice. Theare resolved to follow him up, and forever destroyBillstoextendcertainstreetsandconfirmgrants to land under water within the exterior line of the Harhor Commissioners survey, came up for a third reading and were laid on the table.The bill to confirm the acts ofthe CommcaCooaeHyponsihlr." ^_,i.them, through a form o) proceedings not authorized » of the natirn, should at any time have reasonthat miserable Cburcli faction,truth a charge against the President, calling mniiiry in:., the ca'-ier. allthe archive* and papers of enthusiasm aaiorg the people of Vera Cruz towardsSeveral bills were reporteit complete. Among thein—For the Railroad from Flatbuab, through Brooklyn, to Ihe East River,To facilitate the carrynig of aadattempted defence ofI>.at officer, there Is no chargepackage, parcelsof, Ac, to inquire aj;d investigate whether any officer.. ^ ^.,. ,„ The Governor returaed with bis veto tne"''" would not return to Mexico unless called or invited erect Uie new County of Canlsteo the inam oo.)ec-emment. If il be true that the close andat would that the part of the Mexican people, strange and eccentric as "The resolutions do not contemplate a judgment, and coi.c'usion Ica-st, be pretentious;and "whether the President has failed or re-therefore there can be no^ormal trialBut. acmit charges proper fur impeachmentnotoesticsed,bvthefoiceofitsadmissions. TheHouse,tocomplishments and a good deal of ability, Caxiso, bas been exerting himself activelyRepresentativesIt isthus ei-and the act of thebiU as a paitiaan measure. .ui„i,. «,<»_»<Unlt^ The motiod was carried by a two-third's Tote-T« |-<«upon which the President seemingly hadbis In eyeobscurity. The history of the Constitution,emies TheMr. Ciicoi^JS^^refer the charges to a stand-ISSB,Us own. Iting Committee, or a select Committee, or it mayappealwhether the^"" •" P''"^^ ••'« reP"H i" the hands allow- cross-examination, or deny it, as to its mem- lutions belrig, as,, is believed, amply vindicated,wasreplied io the affirmative. It was dent set in the case of Judge Psci, upon which great mightremains in to ft, except respectto strike out the item(IQDiXIO (or old claims.under them.they sometimes appear. So long, however, as the civil strife continued without any immediate pros-waserelgn States to teach and mculcate leital proprie- apprehended that the tendency of tha Ooveraniaatshows IteaUiance^lththeduring the roll cal'.The Speaker said the cnlloquy must bere stop,.^fier finnther scene of CDnfuslon the result was an- different from the pres.-nt one. That body resolve! by the several States, and the contplcuous differencesthe preparation of his :protest, presentsUry through stagespSisylvanla On the night of tbe291h ult, a sehoOMT, wlUi l«o Adjourned«»^»«te.tenets of the protest have been seriously weakened,ta view to iTForthepurposeoflegislation.tlsans have been3e Mountof Aldermen areate serialsuch as adctess itself to tie discretion of Uie House. If, hs the proceedings to remedy a mischief, a greater;greata ca all thentitevMinistryof Fo«i»»o, that it knows nothingLibertyat 10 o'clock.led Documeentofficer wioaeappoint-'i''of tne.se- yet he la sub-absorbing question President" Sonumerousarethea violation of tbe prin- States the Governor has become but a mere chief of"" BOU.•I Colambia, with many other members of Congress,Hill aceoBpasy the dty authorities on Saturday, toluyeet tke coadlUoa of the WaaUagton Aqueduct, of labor assisted each other. That there was a con- person. The material positions assumed In the coia- vice in this body, of which he reminds us, not to tendency <o a centralization of power dugerom to\wWl a view to makiag further ap|8«priatlons to com- flict of ideas In regard to the Govenment, and munication are snbstantially embraced in the fallow- speak of his senatorial career, ought to have enabledpolice.lative or execuUve agency, but to tbe fact that Chief Executives so use their patronage as to prodoee afialattlB great work.IB! OOBKITPnOa nmSTIGATIOXS."Thatpower Is always steal- ;" thatezeonttTebeadsAiaaar, M,iBdiqr,Apint. The Governor haa not yet signed the aadble conflicflbeiween the systems of labor North and South as fanatical and iupeificlal. The two systemsappalBted Committee provided for by it. His ten years of ser-Tlie Healtk BinDefeueA.that wild theories at the North prevaUed, and that there could be no peace there, argued against thehim to recall to mind the sncb eases.precedents of Congress labattle-field forany lesson, it is thisand ifunlvenal history tetebasunderMl. Hnnuii'i report was foagkt desperately by Individual had to be tegulated to the interests of so- ing body, to acctue the President of the United States islation coextensive with our national existence.tte Deaieerats, and reckless fiUlbasterlog was re- ciety. He pronounced the principles of the Red Re- or any other officer of the Government. Certainly It has been the practice to appoint the publicans of France and the Black Republicans of 2. That tbe first recited resolution is an accusatioa mover of a special inquiry chairman of the commlt- ewtailtotopreventits reception. Findingopposl- thiscountrytobe)tbesame,andequallydestructiveto of crimesandmisdemeanors thePreal- tee.rplscd. Mr.Cnsaisa,InhisLataandPractice,able right of liberty.powerthe Constitution, except as in impeach-It does. In terms of severe a In reproach, practice leg-and that all levoln-Susquehanna Railroad btlLand of Jotrasos,Arts AssociationsInspectors of Election in New-Tork.been and that the consUtntional abused,"ciples of universal justice," that the member This is not, however, to be attributed tortifhtsJald Immnnities of the Executive have been violated la kiaowrlng the reselntlon shonld have been One of thelegisthe liberties of the peoide. The worid is but a greatlowing propositions:power; :_ _1.That the House of Representatives possesses nio,^manifesto proceeds, the Committeethemselvestoanexaminationoftbepostulatesofthe severit2r,ofthep•hraseologyandscostitte oat That to abandon it would leave tbe Executive Depart- To provide for the Inspection of staam^oitaa ta'paper, however obnoxious to criticism its «»«lment of tbe Government without supervision or respon- New-York and sibility, and would be likely to lead to a concentrationwith the most honorable, responsible and digni-JudiciaryNew-York City RaHroad bills wan tba*fied office in tbe and who world,"want of time they had not been able to get togetherto agree upon a joint report. Each of them, however,had prepared a separate report, both agreeUg on gen-passed bythefollowing votes:ephemeralposition byorigincharacter of hts the revel- against especiallyborne and that it should not beby approbation would be to sanction kingly preroga- "to reach the conclnsitm to which ths President wouldlead wouM be to settle forever tkfm, practicallyIbat lancBchmante were obsolete, and that executive officers had the immunity of perfect irrespoasibility.articles. There is a that posslDilityocjerasa topassed by the Assembly, came up for final n all^ Mr. Lawbinci moved to recommit tbeblUtaAmThe nation, always charitable in the Interpretation ofandresearch. Ifitwereoinerwlse,allactsandmotives.Isnotpreparedtooverlooksucha condemned in our delinquency.Ind^ttncmess precedeCommittee of the Whole.;set forth in the Constitu-The biU was then passed—21 to 4.TheAimual biilw-asmade Appropriatioo'of power in the bands of tbe President daageioua to thatbat"thepeoplehavethoughtpropertoinvesthim maynotlooktoaceusaUcnandtrial,thentheremarkI links to a cavil, Uader such circumstances, it is not ne,:essary to ajmilw the individual upon wnom the declares -inquiry bears of eitber the subject or the object of in- he "feels protdly conscious that there is no 'qulry. The first opportunity for him to require life which not a&tice is in the legal proceeding which is to end inthe of the minorityCommittee but fo' ;Abatch ofact of hisbear tbe sliictest scrutiny," and Oiat he defies "allinvestigation," should forget, amid the surroundings ' ib charge, and frame nls indictment, without pre- of the place, and power, and flattery, that he is but Umlnery prcceadlngs or opportuaity to inform Um-Seventh-i^venne road, 20 to 9,Ninth-avenue road, 18 to 10.Tenth-avenue road, Ibat lost by IS to II. Osa n.considered and passed by l7to 9.Avenue D road by 19 to 9.Fourteenth-street road by 21 to 9.Various moUons were made to amead, all ef whichwere voted dowruMr. Lawaxxcs explained his affirmation vote. Mabelieved that Railroads were needed by tbe biK Clt*.he had voted against them in fonner years bacaaie tm to justice and tbe character of our Government, at bel'eved the City bad a right to grant tiie fraaabiaa.perverted A bil had this sessionIndividuals or mere passed -against Us ariM amtpublic[mjlwil^,btfacqulttai or condemnation, what would be thought of a rule of law requiring even a prosecutor todefiueeral prmclpies, aud sustainmg the Piestdent's Message.speciaThe President likewise —in terms of disapproves,^to make It" If it be true, as before urged, that ihsie la a general right to inquire into the conduct oftbePresidents, and uaitsrm usage, saasuon iti exerciseplainlyreadilyMr. Bocogx, of Virginia, (Dem.,) proposed an tbis respect than Senators and^ Representatives io admitted by a comparison of tbe two. The following "rbe HoBse have the sole power of iin peachment, andthe President give his opinion whetherwithaviewanytion will with that introduced compa;e favorablyis me Sla^e-trade.further of extinguishinginto the Senate by Mr. Mason, Dec. 5, 1859, t)earing uposibeyond the humblest citizen, and is less favored iothe Invasion of Ferry. This will be Harper'scial order lor 11 o'clock to monow."They (the Senators and Representatives) shall, in all cases, ex- cepttreason,felonyandbreacholthepeace,beprlvi. leged Irom ariest during their attendance at the ses-to, passed bythe Senatethe Senate the power to liy it. There is no other-; people,uncertaintymustnecessarily investiga- tions would be rendered useless. As far as t>ounds maybe set for investigation, the resolutian in ques-He could besions of their respective Houses, and in going to and into the facts attendina the late invasion and seizart of House. This body has repeatedly decided that cen- undermade in hthalf of the Executive or any other officcrofTheseamendmentswereacceptedbyMr.Morse. Government. TheconductofthePresidentIsalways totheauthoritiesandpublicforceoftbeUnitedStates,a officer on vague and indefinite charges lev; forthwith, we.-e withholding such report. He highSecond lafiuitry, will turn over theUeot.CaBnu,andjointhecommandsatFortley. Ueut-Ckil. BccBAnAS is relieved from the On motion of Mi. Grow, ol Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) of Congress whilst he, on the contrary, has no of any tioops seat ihereto protect tbe public property ,ithe 2d and 3d ot May was set aparl for tbe considera- tV'iiether such iavasion and seizure ivas made underto command me Mr. WI5810W, of North Carolina, (Dem..) moved, left, under.the law, without shield or protection of ernment of at,y t-f ihe States of tlie Union: what waapublic propertyWhether the same was attended by armed resistanceis a revolting outrage, and will not be alluded to tbe in thecountenanced,evenbyvludictivepartisans. Ifthew their objectt if they contained specific charges in-New-YorkTrihume,to Rip-The leiolutioa was adopted. subject to the constitutional supervision and judgmentthe murder ofwhether theinquiring oeiay was•seratioD of special order No. 37, and Major Bliss, tion of Territorial bpsiness. such power over cither branch of that body. He is color cf any organization intended to subvert the Gcv-min any Slate, the State itself must redress the wrong. iu it.tbe with that fnodibyanyisdesignedisnowtestimony taken.andof the citizens ofresolutions did not look to impeachment, whatstead ol vague insinuations. Inquiry would be proper the last moment of the session, and socrowd la- pVirginia, ortoof Records atpowerto sendby tha adopted States,how necessary itU for thestrike out tile esKfl^r;I1.I!— —State of FeelioK In Xew-Orieann Relative to Mcx-and icings Counties.TowidentheFourtt-avenueofBrooklyn.ICJemetery.sea, was dtteeily the revane afwere «*ndrillingU Uieoutskirts1*«»»<• "• BawsBBw *aald ^"".'ISW*.*^' baiis-The ought tilings,moaaboosfljaf should be pluiu: MAndoiPudluf to place hiatal power, tadifi Intfleatorney-General under WASHuaro-i, ,sip^lSlig upon«.« aiwi nocent andweU-disposad yoDacMitSlU*this subject, said "theritnatloaofthiscountryispeculiar:the Executive aflec one tarsi Inslitad npoB.as a toto Men,, toy roT%iny of a war wiUitreatywhen every vital Interest of the State will this should prove to he tbe ease, fbera i* mnrs'liu^u:oa tbe grooad thrt it fioot them by the throne. The citizen of the United haa not received what tbe Goveraor couhian a Gtp.thrbnes, but to regain that which has been wrestedties devolved upon Congress Thattives should leqoirementsits action to limitations and of the Cobatitution. it was alike due'and no objections would have interposed. If,compel;;Indicia] dtteimfnstionff, opinions of formerA motion was made by Mr. Lawuscs toof a freeMr. HouETOH said that Mr. TaTLoa and himself werepeople.into and slan- advantage, by Investigations vaguederous imputations, founded on street rumorsthe and, hisaiabi Legislature, therefore,the bill bad been removed.The bills tu amend the ReViBedwhich tlie House can inflictmode byceptbyimpeachment.abuses under the Constitution, but could not be pun- ished for disorderly conduct as could a member of theTberight, against the assault ou the gieat principle estati-of administration justice.lishedIn Vera Cru-z t^omonfort and bis 1nierestafor New^Oileans on the i'.M ult. She came on the finalup reading.was <ie- cidedly against anyiiilig like compromise, or even auLiberals had determined to defci; MiEAiios, and this having been accomplished, theystoved at the (Quarantine.To incorporate the American tanical Society in Central Park.of Vera Cruz, tbr feeling in that cityand Bo-^at-^F II^Mv -llr >ia«t^l f1 AtrAt/^liA/1 Hos, and the successes of Uiefor several months pa^t, those la his interest, from New-York toIn relaUon to the Police and Police Courts4n .Vow- Vork.To establish a Nautical School at New-York Har- bor.PilvUeges of the floor were extended to Ex-Rosmsoa.now appears that, New-Orleans, and at various points in Mexico even,er. Gen. CouosFoxT has stated positively that he SpeakerojttoKT.also. Gen. since,toraoommtt, with instmetloasLort,thefuUy and forever from what quarterof aimwaslo"-^'?.??-..,TM..,.TM—ml a»to Mexico. In Uie Interest of CoKo.tFOST.„ tiie Me-i-^£??£'J*? l«>'n'»»nt journals bere, aa«O^a PleaMM, are aU wnwg on UieUmZ^tw private crnatiCBalUUnstaikMthat the assent will be wtfliheUMr. Calvid IS.bMt—7 the spe-paragrarhUie for the Commissioners appropriation''-kOier —.The veto was laid on the table. ^^^'^SiBJB^.Uon is on account of insufficiency of population.'^"iS on the ground!triss.^ so^J^^^[.'^^i^^"^°*Mr JA"»1e'',^rte^"TMP'5'« '"ti'lS.^^ SI^hat It.amk OT^^^^hawkers, ped- asMd unaaimDua flOBWM to referStatutes,lala-.-:", ;• INew-Viwk'\ between the at the time, would great political partieswww.fultonhistory.com 