 r '! 'receipt! butw*•k were onr eight thousanddol-Ian; and if the business of this department in- against the ad ministration, had completelyt h e t of his schemes of conquest, andtABBSB OV gfSfflKSS!r,8 B T O Uthe Presidency is the great questioj iftowagi-iriw B U K UTHBATBB, B O T - K»lllIT COMLBR.Bewery.—BoataHoOB—l o w n .istratiag trees, destroying stock JKK HliKAUU. and fwjnrteg many persons.1 endeavored to fnllat him 1st it. TH* Wntwre o f Italy.listed and brought forward the Ths future opening before Italy ts theJWI of the President Calhoun grantlest that has dawned upon her since then insurmountable obstacle to any future pi icts of aggrandizement which a restless am' ion like that ef Napoleon may entertain. Ti vuld seem to be the true' policy of the Ci nental governments.# By awaiting a little 1 curse of events until the popular disconUtheir property out of theirtohM^stet^wtpodawtaawW tei » oral [ resume again. It i, ato tbe Bankrupt law of ( 1840, which waa intended to wipe anof some forty thousand persons all tfcwgima country. T h e Insolvent Debtors' | signedtodotoosamethingfarthisMB hio. is a moat unjust and iniquitous meat State, and we trust will never become law. ire, wkkkChlrag* Cmm*»m*t~m•lea a * »fee sa*»sA||eaati*fa o4* <*ISrw•Willi«tm,joursibeyfact, <•ourc pons allowTh. .Jlme. mnT«pubii basb SBlilBj lUhm not c ing o^^_xjni«^~>«~wirf"«~ii"• ^i~"Tbe Senate was oat in session yesterday. Iu the HousetheSenatebfil granting a pension of fifty dollars a month eacb to the widows of Generals Riley Macomb an i Smith was passed. Severalconst•lidation of the States of the Peninsula b yXDltOlj AND paopBoroat-0WC* *• W. QOKS or KAJSAP ajn> Ftrtiw we. private bills were also passed. A resolution wastheB:oman republic enabled tbe latterto wrest Convention. H e could produce Sicil]rand Sardinia from Carthage and to asfBXMX, St « TUB WBMMir Bl,_al to wntOttmbe al Qu adopted InatrnetiBiI the Committee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into the expediency of raismgchief of the administration, mid the (icattorod elements of Italian unity weref their rulers, they will bo enabled t o r a t y a Congress a n e w condition o f things taly, which, probably, Is a s much opposed ouls Napoleon's views aa it is conservative lelr own Interests. Will they have the go »nse and the sagacity to pursue this conn ime alone can decide.lap Italian Opera—Its Progress i a N< T awat.The most common charge, and, in some >ecte, the one for which there is the b )undation, that i s brought against u s b y c uropean censors., ia that w e are too practic to utilitarian, too greedy for money, itwmt.or*P'*—"mliMr jmntm to a** pari of Srtutfl»*never authorised anybody t o s a y approved of the programme whichIout at Lecompton.irrying it out in that Convention thepartially obtained their object, al- >irviews could never resultinthe ' the party. They had diverted tbepopular expression in their faror. ntrol of the action of the Convention, rms of law being all fulfilled, the tad no escape left from their toHs. r the legal and established forms of pression is one of the v i V necetai-political system, and the chief exe- he government could not refuse t o tigress a constitution that had all themucli t o t h e progress o f enlightened Ideal thronighout the world. After the decline of the iimplre, when that identity of interests waa destroyed which gave to Italy a distinctive ex- iatenceinthe midst of her vast acquisitions, aheremalned true to her mission aa a reformer a n i i i propagandist Although her nationality was! broken up, each cf its parte, in assuming a sepairate political form, still maintained intact theri regressive spirit that had distinguished i t speople In all those refining and humanizing pnrsiaits which make up the sum of civi- lizatiion. To the Italians we owe most of the9 u l ^»»ZU£t$ *ttk—d BWtfmtekmom&rtd*Cuty"***'idm%BWpMUrTZM0. * mUiw * » memm,'fenpM» «** de-Madison square. 1Both Boards of the Common Council held spetk* UMPom WtJ*tmkf, a* tour tea* fer«• Vtan-T»* XXV .AJfumnam THIS irwt mo.!fo. I l lcial meetings lent evening. Acting Mayor Peok seat to tbeBotird of Aldermen a message relative to the action of the Legislature in interfering with the rights of the city by the' railroad bills, and other acta en passage of the citycroaching upon onr local interests- T h e paper i s>rtoftheproceedings inanother printed in our rep<BBBBFT-—B"'oaBBT-IT DSAS-BMSAJID Itl.-Toa Osurau's Loc.column. A resoh•OWBBVTHBaTKB.o ft a aWooss—i n t h e arts a n d modern perseverance magnificent results; wbiliit others, as in painting, sculpture andrItlXlAMWooiaa—1-OTTAIT *least.0 T H U - 1 U Iirrro rturn BaAST-rDiMBUiruxe's• Broadway, SBBflStta Bondat OBB-I.OOBBKA B O B S U - B A -aciences, some has wroughto f which o u t intomatterofcourseinanewcountry.Wl eople are engaged i n making railways, d ing canals, building cities, felling prlmeiAi nominateW AI^ACX-*inLATBB. Broadway.—TOW* A *» OOVB-architecture later generations have been treats, exploring mighty rivers o r traversilar-KILL OB Oca*UA5/BA U W I SAW.waa accepted, a»unaltie to improve upon. Politically enslaved and 1helpless, the Italians y e t continued to ani- mate',by theirgenius andtheir example,the alugirish instincts of the Northern nations, and to d ifiuse among them that taste for the intel- lech inl and beautiful which is a distinctive fea- tore of the national character.Like most of those whose province it is to contribute to the developement of the^numan mineI, tbe Italians have been for centuries the most;unfortunate of nations. They have occu- pied towards the world the position of iaven- tors without patents, others profiting by what the ilarrownesa of their own circumstances pre-reat prairies, they cannot atop to paint p,—ItAUAB Ora-*thtyam surrounded. Who is to be their candidate fartbe mission to Sardinia to one of the first class. The Albany Jottrnal, in an article which wepublish in another column, states that the Governor baa decided to witliholdhis signature from the bid providing for tbe erection of a new City Hall inber, when Governor Walker w -[be Governor's reasons for this course are given it t the article referred to.If ever our republican friends «vaeetby tbe ears they are so at the present time. AH that their ownpramandafewhangryafi. tors from the mountains stay anyt0 the cea- trary, they cannot deceive the pnbllc at to the real nature of the difficulties by whi<• a TSKATEB, «M BroBdway.—Loa- steam boilers in tle cities of New York and Brook- MAI BBOUQHA]'Operating against them. Constitutional Ideai1 and patri-*«« AMVUICI.B4Rinnr« AKEItlCA» BT08BCB1. Brt»dway-0BTBB4 I4*S -WllXOW COfBB-UTUlO OWBIOB*lyn. Thisisanactwhichshould havebeenpassed years ago, as anv; resident of the cities named would testify whea they remember the Brooklyn and Hague Btreet explosions. It is to be hoped that the Governor will not withhold his signature.Counsel for H><mer B. Hawkins renewed their motion in the General Sessions yesterday for the speedy trial or the discharge of Homer B. Haw kins, against wh<. m are a number of indictments charging him wtih defrauding the Overland Mailjeivetor should be have permittedanyotic devotion hare gained a sure pre-eminence, and the vials of blaiik rtpukli- can venom having been broken, thereii little hope even among themselves thi* they eat carry the free States at the Novembties, *oB a r A . T O - a M I K : - T K i v i J J H a e h a o l a i i u : . 1i L, <O niin ion. #w - raiI StBA rra/rs §AXOOM Broadway.—OBO CiataTr'sK U I n 8oe«a, DJjicas, BaatBsatJBS. *o.-WarroBI.EKCKKB Br [I-DINOB—BocwotT!' • Bumaau BOFGA, OAJICBS, « c - PKTBB Pira« r»rr»B PoDoaTRIP LE• SOT YBTSL, Smtmntmy,SHEET. 4»n< SI, I860. \havebeen re born out of their misfortunes and•—o I tt. P K O B P S C T B .As the reader;i oi th e HKKALD have Already o b •erred, w e have been compelled for more than a w e e k p a s t t o y i e l d t o t h e p r e s s u r e u p o n o u rishiiig a trifle sheet etery d a y - a n columns by pub]aufferings. /They have come chastened and pu-rifle(1 out of the ordeal to which they have beensubjifctod, and tbe part which they will hecce-:" will be s death blow to the whole concerti, and sag-event unparalleled in the history of American jour-tribilar iichemes on the part of ethers. Most of theftalism. Thisfa<tillustratestironoticeablepoints—ipaper, to be successful, must keep *n-st, that a Lewind saving the country from the immger of fanatic rule and revolution,Ing a moderate and conservative Italy lost her distinct nationality have beencut n p among themselves that tl bey d o n e tB r o a d -E m -dissent like those o f questions, and those o f the tariff. General Jackson made ratic party strong, because h e began[RVT*.-**Mwni»* o r FBAU'S.OaianiAJ.rAianaa •» «•> O Ion, but reduced the bail from; his Cabinet a unit, and that at oncegive attempts to impose npon the credulity ofKAVIOBAi. tX*lIOBBT BALOOB Nartooal fVeatra- $13,000 to $2,000. It appears that there is also a •WM DAMBS.Boorgans has been amusing its readen wins*VH*B*tm. Bl•aklya—Af««r»oa«»—<i»<> CB«HTT» Bur BtBBL* I* l l B W U • <fc>Nt. DA*«BB SC—Oitics t.iiro.civil suit pending against this defendant, where the bailisfixedat 115,,000.Cotton yesterday was steady, witb sales of about 1,003 bales, closing on tint basis of 11 '8c. for middling- oplaada. Ordinary and infer!or grades have been BOmuch deures sed and irregular sii to attract rather more attention from purchaser?, includllag sptamers. Sales, however, were moderate, and with the close of the week prices, how ever, exhibited rather more steadiness. The news re- celved by tbe Korth American, at Portland, representing a good and sustalioed trade in Manchester for cloths, aad BteAdiness tor cotton in Liverpool, at the latest Inteilige c<?, exercaed no influence In this market, dealers f e e l i x g d i s p o s e d t o it w a l t t h e r e c e i p t o f p r i v a t e a d v i c e s . Common graded of State acd Western floor were about fl>eoent» per bb'. Iower, while good and extra braads were -t«*d>, »ad •ales moderate. Southern flour was nrmer a-a mure acfive Wteat was flrmlj held, while sales were moiera te at prices given elsewhere. Oomworlwhich they degenerated from the lust of power.variety o f correspondence on this edifying theme. According to our coiitempomry, Seward's chances are hourly growiiig dimmer, and will In the end be very thin indeed. Oae of his correspondents maintains thait the aomi- nation of the' 'distinguished Senatoicreases in the rairlo of the past few months, it willDot be long before we shall be compelled to issue aQuadruple sheet to accommodate the growingwants of advertIsers. The career of a successful few dajs since t<> stumble upon developements newspaperisal*aysthereflexofthatofthecorn- which,ifrightlyreadbythepeople and the tuunity in which it exists, and in this light no one politicians, will be productive o f immense can look upon th<> course of the NKW YORK HKKALD good at this cr itieaiijuncture of our public•sties Miss Flora McFlimsey In tbe crush w ALMBHOCSX LAW.—The law abo- deriiig himself master of the Continent PattimxAinU-AainItaly,theOpera withwithont acknowbnlging the progress and prosperity ot the metropolisADVEKTIBINO OM H S D A 1 S .The Sunday HiSKALD is now considered the bestaffairs.Tbe letter of :Mr. Buchanan and the state-ment of facte with which its publication was accompanied,by ex Governor Walker, are not to be !ight!y re ad. taking only what appears onperform the onerous and responsible :hed to the office. The stories told rd of Governors, and the scenesde-having taken place in the differ- tions, were perfectly disgraceful t o cenes more licentious and disgusting vere witnessed in the worst haunts of I they resulted from electing low, ten individuals, waiters a t taverns ke, to the offices of Almshouse Go- Fhe power to appoint the new Com- is vested in Comptroller Haws; and at he will select them from the best r citizens. We perceive that a gang as. calling themselves the Republi- l Committee, have urged upon M r .propriety of appointing four partyblicans,of course—but we earnestlytorn <Df the Italian character, does no discredittobis sagacity. He is himself butaninstru-meatwill it is that this people, after centuries ofoppression and misery, shall be raised fromtheir degradation, and elevated to the position to wllich they are entitled by their high intel-lectual qualities. If^.eat :he monarchs of Europe, who are at pre- ambling for tbe integrity of their pos-advertising mediiim in the city. Its circulation is the surface of them. They reveal the condi'ion of tbinge w hich has been the deadly ele-U'-er than that cif all the other Sunday papers com-b^ned. This fact y appreciated by the advertisingpublic, who see iit wherever they go in this city andtie SOTrounding 1owns. It is not unlikely that we organisation, iaal. All soon be ecuopelled to publiah TRD?LK SHKKT terrible force in Charleston, and a few BniALDSonSundays. as well as on other day3. After days will tell iis whether it has not given tomorrow wenlay becompelled toadvancethe thedeathblowt0thepresentdemocraticparty,cles in the way of the great scheme of italid'.heIinunity which thesagacity andfirmnessof[iss Kellogg, all of these artists have pass trough the strictest ordeal of criticism, a are triumphed. Miss Kellogg h&e sung a t ublic rehearsal, and made a most favorat apression. And we believe that these fi rtists will compare favorably with the sat umber selected from the elite pupils of a •hool In Europe. They all won success leir merits; for prime donne hav,e no mc onor than prophets in their own country.The d bvtante in N e w York has, howevi weraladvantagesoverandabove theart ho comes before a London or Paris audiem here the favor of the aristocracy and tturnaismustbecourted. Theretheartist,t a t t e r h o w c l e v e r s h e m a y b e , m u s t w konths and months before she can get a hei ig, and then receive only a cool recogniti< [ere the aspirant has no such obstacles. S eta her hearing without difficulty, tbe au ice is just but generous, and the journi Lmoet invariably fair, and generally favorabThe artist here has n o need t o dance attei ttceupon thecritic, asin Londonor Pa: he leading journals of New York take prof ride in stimulating the growing love for 1 ne arts, and encourage the aspirants upon 1 ireshold c f their careers T h e free press tgreat part in this new developement o f the >urces of our republic, and performs It. ' elieve, with fidelity and fairness.As time rolls on, and we get richer and ri< -, the taste for the Opera will increase rati lan diminish. Just now we have two Oper sing, with full companies, splendid artis yd tbe public flock to each bouse iu crowi lstead ot injuring the Opera, the oppositi enefits it; and for the next month cr ieeks the amusement loving public will \ onize the Opera to the exclusion of everythi ise. I n due time w e shall have artists enou rour owntopresent theOpera inthe b ay, and at a much lees price than it costs nc rhen that time comes, t h e Italian Opera vi ad nowhere s o excellent exponents and ppreciative an audience aa in the Unit tates.their own frauds. Seward, Fremon t, Lincoln, Dayton, Chase, Cameron and othe•rs are sev- erally named as persons fit acd proper to iepreeent the insurrectionary <ic>ctrines of the party; but, notwithstanding a!IIthis, It b not PO certain that they c a n unltiB upon one ot these namee. The one shouts, like the old Highland clans, "Cameron and vict*>ry," while another shrieks out, "Chase for tberates of advertis•ng In the Sunday edition. Wetie accompanying facte revealahAl have to d<j this or double the size of the the whcie philosophy of party suicide. A suc- cinct review ol' the occurrences, not only asthem.a which is now being enacted amongst iiter the manner in which the Pope hasj well what class o f persons are best •'.SIS ted the continued reclamations o f bis s u b - rform such important duties as de- ;fCt3 for reforms in his civil sdministration, andBSRALD.T b e flows.Oar reports fre>mCharleston state that crowdscf delegates we re hourly arriving yesterdiy, and tLat the excitentent was rapidly increasing. The p a r t i s a n s o f D o u a, ; t a a w e r e a c t i v e l y c a n v a s s i n g f o r theirfavorite,»hile theprospects ofGen. Lane were decidedly iniproving. Gen. Cushing, of Mas- tachnsetts, is prorosed as President of the Conven- ikm. The Chainnan of the National Committee h a d r e f u s e d t i c k e < t s o f a d m i s s i o n t o t h e C o n v e n t i o n to the Mozart Ba11 delegates from New York. It lt> stated, howeve r, that this course will not be per- sat d in, but thiit both sets of delegates will be aJniued to theConvention, until the question of thi oithodoij of the rival delegations is decided B.ithcritatrtely. Meantime, tbe Northern delegates are luxuriating upon green peas and strawberries, and are favorabl;r impressed with Charleston gene tally.they have been 1ircught to the surface, b u t ofte willdonothingoftbekind. Mr.nan of integrity and discretion, who Me, i be played out to the end. It is impossi-The overtaxd pony express, which left San this was not the case. The demon of intriguewas at work In tFrancii»co en tle 10th inst, reached S t Joseph, he very Cabinet to secure thetriumph of a ceMo. yesterday, a gain making the trip in the brief [tain school o f politicians who"pace of ten days. The news is interesting. The aimed to rale th e party, and Kansas was theI. WhatisBf?.uu frigate Povrhatan sailed from San Franciscofield of operations. Secretary Thompson,backed b y tbe Ii [ississippi resolutions which h e bassy on board. Tbe Golden Age, which left San had got up for the purpose; Secretary Cobb,England a n d the republican no cne can tell.en the TthInst ft>r Panama, with the Japanese em-erection with Sardinia or Independently,leaders.Whatw il IIFranct*co on t l e 5th inst for Panama, took$1,900,000intreatlore,and400passengers. Among Georgia,andBe<:retaryFloyd,combinedtouserealizingthisthe latter are tlte republican delegates to theChicago Conrent!on. There bad been no arrivalsfttBan Franciaco from Atlantic ports since pre tic us advices.Tbe penalty for violating tine Uw referred to is a fine of five hnndi*d dollars.tbe power cf the administration to thwart theviews of Its cbl<tf, and bend the party to theirwfehesGovernor Walker had already begun his labors with every promise of a successful effort at pacification, and h is correspondence with the President aa« ured him o f the unity o f policy between himself and the administration. T h e Lecomptoc Oom ectioc was to meet and pre- pare a State co;ustitution, which was t o have been submitted to the people, for it was saga-tbe jte control of the railroads; and we foreijarnbayonets be brought in to his supportKasiuh a a d Aaaertraa Jtarai lew Tarlt Herat* aad t*« Times.At the meetingfor Austria, Prussia and Russia to con- what they have to gain by attempting to ce, in the case o f the Neapolitan despot,of the Police Commissioner! yes terday.the captains of the several precincts were crdtred to serve upon all proprietors of saloons and public gardens a copy of the act recently passed b j the L'gislatare for the suppression of theatrical and otr>er entertainments on the Sabbath,M familiar Those who are at aOn Thursday *i*bt ColottBl Fred. w . Landerwho acted as second to Mr. Potter, member ciously seen that no possible good could ac-The details of themanagement<>fthegreatleading English organ are as nearly aspossible tboee of our own journaL Ho!d-ing the foremost position amongst thenewspaper establishments of the two cooa^tries, the requirements of tlaelr ee*/-mous circulation a a d large advertir\agof Congress, iii his *••«*** wt* Mr.cruetotbeSonti1or anyportionof theUnionrryor, I M Banlaaded by Dodwonh's Band at istitution npon them against byfearciEsj a coitie sfeteopolrraB Hotel. There was a very their wi!L The policy gave satisfaction tothem to s'Aopt the same business systems and mets h a a M ex-teet'J*m ia pedientssoastoenablethemtomlie aadto a manner satisfactory t o t h e p u bthemselves A description of thij prcgre**, internal administration andam;igementsoflarge gathering. and after the band had playedae vera! beautiful al re, Co!. Lander appeared, on a tparty, but not to the clique that sought to govern it l e t a e tall their conspiracy began t°developeitselr,andCalhoun,aMassachusettspatronage have naturally ted th«balcony amidfaimeaae cheering. H e then adremae acquisition of Naples, Venetia and the T un IKSOLYENT DEBTORS' SPOKOX B n xk>me length, alluding to the affair greased them at i•or and the part he was called upon ©fPotter Bad Prjtoact AreportiofCot.Leader'sremarksisgitendemocrat was msleeted as their tool. returns were forins of the Pontifical States. In her pre-condition she must continue more or lesshe Insolvent Debtors' bill, which passed c <itli oases of the late Legislature, has not yet b€en gnedbytheGovernor,andwehopeitnerined t-dafewdi*sbeforethevotewastaken, Aterribletorn.idopassedoverCarlensviile,III. it.President,Oi"OM.revealedthepro-slavery ft£d Luuiioaaa, M»l., on Mead*/ evening Us% ua plan of Thoap•9° Cobb*!*. toGoTernorsubjfc•cttothedictationofFrance. Bygivingbertwenapopulationof some twenty-threeorI dopety-four millions, they wyi render her In ndent of French Influence and raiseto heradjewhere.rillbe. Itwasgotupforthebenefitofanam- theLondonTimesmight,there'ore,verywellttion waa offered directing the CorporationComisel to immediately take proper legal steps to restrain the newly incorporated cityrailroad companic8 from laying railroad tracks ini city without the consent of the e streets of theyorandCommr •a Council. The Mayor's messagelerefore,w on oartisticculttd tbe resolution adopted. The ITHKATKB,Ot documentsweresubsequentlytransmittedtotheoncurred in by that Board, CounoOmen and cAmong the billsi now before the Governor for hissignature ia the biII in relation to the Inspection ofpace with the e\rents of tha day; and second, that was uucuangcu, wtills -a.es watt made to a fair extant. Pork was lew .)uo yarn and active: sales of new meat the journal which accomplishes this object will in. war« aaue at $i78TK, and or new prima at Sit 40 a $U»0variablybethemediumtowardswhichwillcon- So<aj8couruiael:r.steail?demand whiletheadvanceofcentrateooton!lyallthenews,butalltheadvertising one-quaiter c«nt per ib onthe week'ssales was maio taioea *he trueiirtiot^ footed op about 1,200 il,30Cwhich aproapeions commercial community require •n m another place. Cofte-? was iirm, bbdt at rates g:v<tokeepthenwellupwiththeprogressoftheage. withm'ts:namiii Iits,amongtheprincipalofwhich were 500 bars JaniBtca at 1 3 v . Freight engagem«utaAt the pre*>nt time, not unfrequently from were icoderate an;I quotation! unchanged Among the thirtytofortyaroarcolumnsaredailydevotedto shipmentswere10.1>0 bushels wh«at at privateterms,the record of events occurring in every part of the and 25f* bales cottozl at 3 164 a 7 33d. to Liverpeol.should do.proposing, and in fact insisting,, that the duty of the Convention is a reaflirmation of thePhiladelphiaplatform,andthe nomination of a man who is known to Iand honestly in favor of thatAnything short of this, he says, wi!Civilisedworld, whileasmanymorearefilledwith thebusinessnotices, notonlyof ourown public, bat from localiti ea thousands of miles distant, where the influenceof the HKKALD is experiencedandappreciated. Pi•om this latter source alone ourTut V\ mlaer Revreiati*aiB—Tbe Philoao- »f P»rty suicide.The Congress tonal Investigaticg Committees which pettypoliticiax.s have got up to vent their personal » pite against tbe President, and •o ventilate insi gniflcant charges o f corruptionilk over the topics of the day. In Lond< ie Opera is a lounging place for the La< uguatas and Honorable Fitz Foodies, who fand most active men. Here, then, if their best old wives would call a " pretty ketis what the The plain fact is that these repubtie of hah."lie an agita-refused the motjWalker revelationswehae-tvr, 3ole world sees, that there exists in ratic party the same antagonism be- ^slavery anJ anti slavery that has p the old whig and the American animations. T h e whole system o f ide is laid open, where the cliques, nt of a master spirit and discipline, larrels among themselves, till t h e ally divided by, and disgusted with, era, fall away from them and leave organization nothing but a hideousThis same antagonism i n the demo- E8 m a y b r e a k o u t w i t h m o r e v i o l e n c eera!s, however, opening for this gifted and rich-ly ciiltivated people. The rigor acdmnaly energy that once gave them tbe supremacy of thebroad. W e have painters whom Europeocnoisseurs delight to honor, in the penwrf Church, Roseiter Durand and otbe ?: i-3 tnnals of sculpture the names of Palmer Po rs. Barbee, Crawford, Greenough a n d i i lofcmer will take high rank. It is in the i f music, however, that w e have reached t ighest point of perfection. The Italian Ope; I this country, may b e considered as a reg irly established institution, and o n e that w e hereafter recruited from the ranks of o wn singers. Tbe taste for the Opera here lore general than in any other country exce taly, its home. In Austria, Russia. Eaglasranee, Portugal and Spain, tbe Opera is t musement of the aristocracy only. Tbe co lonalty prefer the theatres, which are cheap nd more to their taste In Italy, on the co •ary, everybody goes t o the Opera, which a ommodates all sorts of people at all sorts rices. Even the lazzaroni knows the Ope qxrtoire as thoroughly as the English coste longer is acquainted with the history of i!the comlag Presidential struggle. One of their sreil-knowiaffect the pi xnono barke bave enter*] frrrto of th ing 1 a . 4> tbous years isduf c u m s ttotbe dent, romoi t o a d . ntade In tbe onoe, It nai EngliT aWelie, a i timon •poinu which pnbllTh*Wlsc(try a peopltheir other Thisby ti 40 si nt th<k*gThai "been mote Wort a loi tion be aiaxe < •Com what tbe • been dellfes*i to c f>rin<lithe BOUT d i e r ition prof to i longwayToilnil alw liav• jnui of] thaibyfoit tnei Ptai a m prt"d< car nbt Ind tomt •H thi no ofCObaim €HW thSi aVlatt1.railed intheirobject. and wereaboutto sub- side into meritedI oblivion in the corrupt pool from whence they emanated, when circum-by 1heir aid succeeded for a time iu ren-stances of a penanal nature led one of them aU classes take an abiding interest Even arsons do a bit of Verdi occasionally.tment of everywhich, after ha/isg killed the old whig party, and destroyed the more recent AmericanThis letter and tltruethe real thoughbeet elucidate tbe subject.political party hitherto, andNEW YORK]IBRALD, SATURDAY, APRIL 2 1 , 100tV»"TKirJLJI SHEET.about to operate withcbsta they would further instead of throwing id Louisa Kellogg. With the exception get up mean investigating commitssee to hideunseen chain of action, willThe advent of Mr. Buchanan's administration, •n the spring of 1857, succeeded a terrible po- i t f c a l c o n f l i c t , h 1 w h i c h t h e d e m o c r a t i c p a r t y was saved froia entire destruction, morethrough the foily of its antagonists than by merit in its own leaders. The Kansas dangeri these Commissioners. W e would h i m t h e n a m e s o f H a m i l t o n F i s h , »meyer, JohnA.DixandMosesH. r some gentlemen o f equally good ling and respectability, under whose tthedisgracefulsceneswhichhave ed under the grog begotten regime Governors could never take placewis OF THEDAY.—The Illustratedi are devoted entirely, just now, to rat contests of the time—the inter- Ize fight in England and the coming 1battle at home. We seenothiag ts of the leading fighting men, and f th e Presidential candidates—tbethe pugilistic prize ring, and tbe be political prize ring; and the tea :th seem to be scanned with about est.j OF RAILBOAU POUTIOS.—Everybody the State of New Jersey—its Legis- oiitics,andeverythingelse—isunder1..".inly impossible after the massacres of Peru- g i a a n d R o m e , t h a t a n y r e l i c s o f t e m p o r a l f.OWt •r should b e left in bis hands. He^ will be rcduiced to tbe cendition of a simple Bishop, as were the Popes originally, exercising plenary «. o n t i • o l o v e r a l l t h i n g s e c c l e s i a s t i c a l , b u t l e a v - i i g tCCP sar the things that arc Caesar's. Therea 1Jome, (nirrounded b y t h e traditions of hiis Church, and the grand old relics of aWest,'" fel- lowed by a crowd of others who ciill for Sow- a r d , F r e m o n t . D a y t o n a n d L i n c o l n . I t i s e a s y tosee tbecausesandtheresultsofthlsalissen- siou The followers of the republican doctrinestillstoodwithiwould have involived the surrounding States,avert it. and Ir. I:he summer of that year Mr.Walker was pent out as Governor, with a pro-and perhaps th<shortly fall to pieces. The sacrifice is onlymade holy by tbe offices of the priest, aadwhen he is shorn of bis sanctity I y tbe wor-shippers his vocatu•- is ended, aceI the doorsof the panctuary m»y as well be closed. The republicans seem to be much in the same way. The Chicago Convention will open without a fixed plan o r candidate. I t will i have great and troublesome differences to heai t s m e n a c e o f c i v i l w a r / w h i c h» whole Union, in its flames, Mr. Buchanan at once directed his attention togramme that p iand on which th<•whole Cab tie t were supposed to be in agreemisnt with the President. Batomised t o conjure the storm,who had tecum!Ia similar public expressionincendElection fied,theConventionwaspacksent•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069at fed. plan was the programmelmlniatration, and it was fowedity for his assertion from tbe piret0 make herpower felt abroad. Thenasnow, fNaples and Rome finds vent in the expulsicolle etod Into one powerful focus, from whence vTashington, the President assured radiated the influences that contributed so•gality.r clique that had created it failed in aent o f their object, and succeeded inging their own party to the brink The first mistake w a s committed [dent Buchanan did not dismiss everyhis Cabinet that he found did not i him in opinion, on the veryThe shortsighted and ultrahim—are slender. T h e republic•tnt havecome to the conclusion that their ehaaomare daily growing less. T h e treason v rhaththeyascertained that fact. H e tolerated no cliques in U sand certainpressions o f on Southerner election Asoneoftbesignsof thetimes,it is,never-Board of Ten Governors and substi- Commiasioners, to manage the pub ons of the city, is in the main agood >ut i t s beneficial effects depend aThe|present Emperor also endeavored to carryout,'through their assistance, the projects thathe hitd matured with a similar view. That hei a democratic institution, and one in whiimpcirtant discoveriesSeward hare now reluctantly to ac knowledge that bis chances of election—that is, Of course, if his republican admirers seefitt<Indeed, the time has come when A merit- ooorancemroeatorDa^ta-aJtaraaoa«adBTBaiag.Companyofalar,geamountofmoney.TheCourt unionintheparty. veotedthemderivinganybenefitfrom.Anewrustsclaimattentionandwinadmiratithesimpleastotheirchancesini butnin the Charleston, instead of renewing the vitality ofwill be limited only b y their forgetfulness o ft h e ] >rolonged and cruel lessons they have r e - ceiv<»d.T l t e v i c t i m s o f t h e i r o w n t h i r s t f o r u n i v e r s a l deminion, they have been, by an appropriate re-greawag*»d upon her rich and fertile soil. Whenshe1tasnotbeenmadeherself theprey of theconq ueror. she has served as a sort of neutralground for the decision of other nations' quar-rels. Alternately despoiled by Spain, Austriaand!France, they were no sooner compelled tol00M; their hold of ber than they sought bytheir diplomatic arrangements t o perpetuatethenlisery which their oppressions bad causedher. The Italians, in fact came t e b e lookedty itself shiver into fragments, or by > the dictation of ultra and intriguing :ceptforitselfandpartythemerited te Lecompton folly. If it wishesforand success for its principles aud its i, it must rise superior to these party tich invoke in their own ranks pro- ad anti-slavery preferences, and e x - gy. determination and discipline in the constitution and the Union, irre- f fire-eaters o r free-soilers. Let tha ind. above all. let tbe delegates to Mton Convention, read t h e Walker s aright, and they will comprehend >pbyofpartysuicide, andAvoiJiterize ring. >everysmallesttowns,anditistheexchanjConvention; andanother of Cameron. Tbe republicans are so sadlyfortti play in the political affairs of the world,gests that Fremont should b e a g a in brought out to contend for the Presidential chair as a set-off against the Seward heresies, Upon thi* ground alone he believes that tilere Is the s l i g h t e s t c h a n c e f o r t h e s u c c e s s o f t h e i r c a u s e . Another speaks o f Dayton, a n dhadupon the kind of men who are ap- patriotism and good sense which lie at the bot-ning to the same thing iu this State. Jgisiature was essentially a railroad >. Dean Richmond, Erastus Corning e Law managed everything—the city nd the roads of the interior of the BThurlow Weed whispering intothe :h, like Satan into those of our first tenthey were taking their first n a p . usLATCBs CONDEMNED AT ALL Srons.—seem equally severe In their denun-the late Albany Logtelature for the course they pursued. Even there- journals are unsparing in their coa-of the shameful action which charac - lr whole career, though the majority uses was composed of their own par- he truth is, that both the republican cratic members of thatbodywere rrupt;butofthelatter,thosehailingTammany Coalhole were about theIt is eider enfoithe doctrine which they have recently allowedto beiexploded in other instances not half sopregiaant with reproach to the principle of bere<litary right.As out of the Northern States of Italy they have permitted a kingdom to be created, which must henceforth occupy t h e second rank amorget the European governments, the Con-tinental sovereigns would do wall to reflect whet!ferSiber it would not be better for them to suf-irdinia to attain a larger measure of power bythIn another column will be fouad iin interact->ffice of the ing description, of a visit to the iwhich exists between the arrangemfUntitled Documentd. and that were lost in the vices intoition, made the constant instruments of simi-t Continental wars o f aggrandizement sinceknow a* a certainty what they will, can ornot penetrated the full depths of theTbe effect of all this has boon to foster a imuiate native talent to a surprising exte .'.though w e have n o great musical scho< ke the London Academy or the Paris con* atoire, yet Europe sends us the best maste nd they succeed in turning out pupils will one day hold their own with the reccized queens of song abroad. It is now onbout thirteen years since we had a regu]pera house in New York, and sincetlme the city has produced no less thve jnime donne, namely, Adelaide Philli]Use Hensler, Cora de Wilhorst, Adelina Pain the hands of a greater Power, whosesessii: ns, had a correct idea restso ftheir owninte-talian patriots have partly realized. Their in tipolicy is to abstain from all interferenceie affairs of that people, and to let the IraniPagen age,'isable to blot out. he will be more powerful and iECre venerated than he is at present, with the attributes o f a corrupt a n d decayed "cvei•eignty dragging him down into the aire of popular contempt In regard to Naples, who can dcubt what its future will be iftbeiwillof itspeopleis allowed unfetteredexpn?ssios ?best to be done in the face of therecent up-heaving of the conservative elenu»ntin Newin co Italicint h e Northwest sorel ytroubleswhich evenCatholicityConstitutional government, eitherand, in the latter case, forming part of anb edoaeconfederation,Ition the unity which the Italians have soa a dmucli at heart, will be the inevitable result ofpresent insane course of its ruler, unlesah a sbeeni naxious t o make o u r eternalfortunes, atating their counsels, and ae th •7 cannot answer it themselves they need not e:that orth mentioning.hareThis was to be expectedrpaotany- body to do so for them. The beat rrieadsofires, o rompoaeearned in the mysteries of the Solfeggi. I ow that we are getting rich, now that our o -opolie ranks with the groat cities of the wore may safely turn for a moment towards ( uitivation of the amenities and refinements fe, and, by encouraging all that is good a obleinthefinearts,showtotheworldti re are, or will be, something more than a ion of traders without liberality, and pi CUD3without principle.chisel statues, o rcarve scales,cameos,have been preaching for months pasopen and avowed determination to overthrow every vestige of law and order, If over they have the power, are now strong!]ballads,o rsingo rbecoitand theirThe opera house is found even* heartily platformherein all classes of the community meet <fctentotbemusic,topayandreceivevisitsat oftherepublicanranksthousandsc1driveoutuponLbystatesmenasapeoplewhohadlostall •causeitifthe correct thing to do so. '. torsarenotveryscrupulousasto tipolitical character and energy, and who could aria itis prettynearly the samething,ai be adopted to carry out theirrete meanstconly be regenerated by Incorporation into iViennamoreso. InNewYork, the Ope ideas. Themanonthemastheadharolutionaryotheir tight , pivo1nationalities. Viewing them i n t h e first Napoleon made themthisi patronized by all classes. The Wall streaancier alts side by side witb tbe well-tontecbaaic, and a serving girl not unfrequenlwarned them of their danger. B*, however, gleaming lightning and the rushing e sees the he shouts to them that there ai storm aadre breakersahead. They know that theira desperate o n e , a n d tbeironlj position if now to set themselves right w it' effort ii lie, whom they have so longdech the pub- they do not come on the stool of reeived. Batpentance te ask for forgiveness. On the conglory in their former delinquencytrary, theyupon their followers to consolidateM, aad call i their pria-eiples,asthisistheonlywaytob<They assert their conviction that ali aucceeafalthem unless they can induce thefavor their sanguinary and diabol people te pies, which tend to overthrow civiical priaci-lizfttion aad give a loose rein to crime and barb:arism.The republicans are Indeed m a t i n g despe-rate efforts to blind the eyes of tbe \jublic as te their true and ulterior intent. Th<»ystarttha Homestead bill to gull the foreign vote. Theyer of persons who have suffered from <ih? nancial panic of 1857, and who, navbg pit'?edrown. there be taken for a description of oui>• dift>r-2':t being, however, tome few pclnte <theless, Interesting to glance at th•irprogret- -W e also find anotherrepublicanare losing confidence in tbe bltt nfzedleadersoftheircreed,andtheconse-q u e n c e m u s t b e t h a t t h e c r e e ditself muttLondon Tknes.withthemachineryofthe Nsw Yowill be struck with the close tisemblanceI is lost tolerto recog-RK HERALDmta of both. www.fultonhistory.com 