 THE CAIPA1GI I I K f YORKMO,BME3TSOPTHE MUMUS*Our litany, SeteoeeUdy, Comekie, TvrytowB, Middletown and Biag- h&mtoa Corwipondence.try. 1MB alas* win M l largelyt m u i m ; ofatroottes,—4wttlastruptho peoplefro. M oornsrto supportof theBreckinridge State UcbwtS»Swf» Wftj.iWltOOU,!S—C D.B Mills,aboUtloo, newman, S—Benjamto Horton, aboUtfoa, new man.OWTAXOO OOCSTT. 1-Poren H. Field, 11 BtsphsaH. 2—Whs,G.Lapu-a,— • — ,•ORLXAJTB COt!SI T. Wm.H.Pells,democrat,newmaGideonRandeil,republican,new1 uSwsuo cocarrr.TflURLOW WEKB iXD WMBT OLD MS.ana. The Ogbt may ba said to he a personal ooe, a« no one doubts but that the chief mot ire that has induce* Moots to accept tho asaslasllfis is aw account of oldCom- the County-What Ou Breddmrimpe Mm gps Do- in*-Brief Haalery cf ths Three Csa^rwsfswol OawdM- date*-<tem Pirn a* EleeHonmririg Element-Vibbard, Myen swd Mim—The AswmNy, etc.lobby have secured their renomlnation, aad are sow sea. lonsly s t work for s re election.Amongst that list Is also a number of persons who arc well known by the Albany manager and have had a email of the good things of the lobby, which would indicate that ths oast Legislature Is not to be much of an improvement3-Daniel Dimmlck, democrat, aew maa. oisooo cocwir.8-Elljah E. Ferry, rsembUawa, 1—JohaOrdronane,2—Edwia MiLs. republican, new 2—James Maurice, demoorat, neiThe Republicaa Figures on the Empire State.t<AsGoestheStatesoGoesthe Union.";, who has r< tho aowlaaUoa . demooratic party ia the district, has loogVen known In the poUltcsl ss-1 railroa1 world. Be la about fifty Ova yrars of age, of medom helghtjbst lorter than ho otherwise wwnU fromBoth the republicans sad ths aati republicans claimthis county for President. Ths republicans sot downmelr plurality at from 100 to 300, which Is scknowledg- on the last, notwithstanding most of the oW members 3—Theodore Karnes, democrat, BOW lag s large fal Ing off, considering Fremont carried the have been throws overboard. B however augurs welldeclare him a farseeing man, with unusual firmness and The Vspirtits WBBare Waiting for the decision "chTrarterf U a wan of few words, and u noted for hw close attention to a'l that is said o s both sides of s disputed question, and than summing up with.(Great tough*rhtog at that statement ' (Foaewedto any statomeat oa earth that ought sad taugbavto, it is a oharga ditaslto me and that I approved it, te- I approved it, 1fttoaks ts BrsU at M»»iy,DiMtAUUBT, Oct It, Tar INMWBOI Iwnw rawaal from aa Albany*rc*mstiiuUoo until alter it the United States for acceptance Jsaw the Le- adopvedu [Yenisei sftin Different Armies-Tie Breckim- ridrr* Dm***, Am^-TU Bo** of the SswaaMeowCmiru-Tht rnOacy ef thetr PostVsm-fhe ABoaw Con grtuimuf Omteot-The MeatXefisfcwwre to Bzcelthe Last. oV . die.merly defeated b y J L Schootoraf i,and was also defeated Is 13*8 by Mr Reynolds, who ran on the aati Lw»m itoa and republican ticket His defeat wss Is s measure brought about by ths feeling against him os amount of his supposed connection with the appointment of the AlbanyaadTroypostmasters,hotmanyofthosewho were bitter against him at that time were foremost ia docampaign, and do not appear to care much whether the county is tost to the democracy or not. Their hostility is especially eviaced in their course towards ths demo- craticandBeUandEverett,orDulon,candidateforCon gross from this (Eighteenth} district—Chasnocy Vibbard,fasiby mnick the stesery data* eau tubmiMsi until after it s w/oriwii ueu w me oemev jvr ywoMcmcaow. s never neera, tior conceived, not oVeswaae, tkot amy %nam on aorta eoet thoughtofsuchascheme. Imakethesestatementsduttnn- ly, without equivocation or mental reservation. I appeal to God, in the presence of hioh Beaoen and thu audience, that the chares it false, I cart not tote made 0 (Tremenoons appnass ) It aswas as tf ths disunlonlsta of tho South sad tho abolitionists of tha North are determined to hunt me down by all the means that malice can invent. ("That's so," "They can't a s It," "Never, sowar," "Yea sre too much of a giant," aad applause ) Mow, I Intend to submit to ydu a shapto statement of facts oa this subject. Before I toft Washington, in the sprtag of 1861, alter Br Bechanaas Inauguration, the President tendered to Bobart J. Walker the offioe of Governor of Kansas, which he declined to ac- cept Mr. Buchanan subsequently appealed to ate to go sad see Mr. Walker aad urge him to accept ths appoint- ment, upon the ground that he (Mr. Buchanan) believed' tho peace of Kansas, tho peace of the country, sad 'ths nUnion itself, was in danger, sad that Mr. Walker wss ths suitable man in America to administer that office is a juncture of affairs I visited him aceordiagly,and urged hiss as a patriot to make the sacrifice aad goto Kansas. Mr. Walker replied that if the Pros. dent pot it upon ths ground that the Union was is danger, and that he was the maa to perform the high trust—under these circumstances he would not decline; but that he would never go to ITassss unless tbe administration stood pledged to ths principle that tbe coastHutioo, whatever It might be when formed to Kansas, should be submitted to the peo- ple for acceptance or rejection B e also said that before be would go be must know distinctly that every federalcfflceholder is Kansas would aid him in carry ing out that principle Aad he mentioned Mr. Oaihoun, the Surveyor General of Bassos, s s the sssa baring the greatest power, by his patronage In surveying the public toads. I re- ported these facts to Mr. Buchanan, sad be doctored that ths programme marked out by Governor Walker wss ths oae under which his administration would sink or swim Mr. Buchanan then requested ass to ate Mr. Oalhown, wbo was then in Washington, sad say to him that bo most act laeoscertwithGovernorWalker. Itoldfalstbohadbet- tergivehisownorderstoGeneralCalhoun Iwssla- formed afterwaroa by General Calhoun that tho PresideolThe political atmosphere of tha Empire State, as seen manding his renomtnatioa for this canvass.of the uation. This ma, be owing to tho political telescopes shit aie aped by the partisan* here, that are made to magnify to suit themselves. Were I to record tha re-flection of tha repablioan telescope, m y letter would b ea bitter feeltog to thtoe immunity—many persons as well aa the State loosing by it He was one of the sureties for his brother, Theodore Olcott, the caanier, and ia June of that year his name waa taken off and another suosiiiutedIn his place. The investigation of the Select Committee apppotated by the Senate revealed some queer transactions. He wss likewise mixed up in ths recent Dudley Oiser-ridge democrats. But Schenectady is but boo out or four counties that constitute the Eighteenth Congressional district, which Is now repree mted by a republican. The other counties are Montgomery, Schoharie aad Ful- ton. In 1868our religious societies, carry bundle of tracts containing tbe withallthearticlesoffaithrepublican creed, alsoaddresssd tho meeting, uf m n d s * * £ * * * * • * • OfHelper,Schu'Z, Unionc#the5tt-.esandInrhwltoatlooofthoregulareta-NomlnaUon for Asseaaolr. Below we giro tho list of nominations for StateWyintheseveralcoontieioftheStateasfarastheyhave beencompleted. Itwillbeseenbyreferringtothslist ghat anumber of the philosophers who were hi ths tostand SewardL which they scatter broad ha people. Tie opposition, ow, tha oioer foolingawaythebeatpartofthecanvansIn B^B«warjl**sbSowm^CaUtjUJOUtAawTi^BBeuIOW*wwwtweedleduma*4 tawed totes,saw hareoaty three or four stragglers aw tha stamp ia the SUM This Coot tollsTha cosiest la this Congressional dlstelot If going to ba a lively owe. Two daaaoorala arrayed agalaat each other— one as the republican and tha other as the Dougtes oemoaaoeracy. (OwJrScheneclstdy CorTespomdence. StsflsrsotaoT,Oct.IT,tSewouthestreetg.vea him aa awkwanl appearaace by upwards of 400, aad fell behind Fremont's about 600. His am to Stan sod wssstaniallrriis; Isofone or his lege being shorterelection,however,fiUmore'sTOtoexceededBuchanan'swhoweresoreckleaslastwhiterarerenominated. Ths fate of a large majority or the last remarkable Legislature should Do takes s s s waralag to ths members of all futurepression in his face to make the most casual observerSTOSjrSCtlDT COCSTT. James 8. Woodrufl, democrat, soar man>B. Griggs,a s n a a OOCKTT. Wm. Johnson, democrat, new•beossor Maasoa, repuWtcan, aswl-Cfaa* Richardson, sspuhttoaa, old 1—N n, Cnrtta, democrat, sow man 2-Edwtn A. Merritt, republican, old t - J . B. DitokerhoaT, lannnrst, r 3_Ctark & Chittenden, repnWto a—j. 0., Bridges, item m i s t , a e wsncBsar OOCSTT. B Bryan, republican, now South, republican, new s sSCFTOUC COOWTT. •,democrat,•*•B. Tuthill, republican,, D. Sleight, Union, newa-dC.Foots,republicaa,I 8—Alexander Bergen, union,newgfSSa OOCSTT. Louis P. Legg, democrat, new man.OerO T. Barber, republican, now maa. SSSBrSXSS OOCaTT.John Guartlett, democrat, new maa. Jeremiah H. Dwight, republicaa, nsw man.ctSTsa cocwrr. 1—Root H. Hill, democrat, new maa.1—Root. Looghrae, republican, new maa. 2—Jeremiah Clark, democrat, old member. 8—Geoirge T Pierce, republican, now maa, 3—Jobn H. Kortright, democrat, corruptionist 8—Benlj. Turner, Jr., republican, aew man.WABSSS OOCSTT. Walter A. faron, republican, new man,WABHIOOTO* OOCKTT. 1—Peter Hill, republican, new maa.8—N. M. OStlin, republican, now man. WAYNX OOCSTT.1— Janets M. Wltoon, democrat, new man. 1—ThosaasRobinson,republican,aewman. 2—Luther Sanford, democrat, new man. 8—Joseph W, Corning, republicaa, new maa.WMJIBSHISB COCBTY. 1—J. C. Talman demoorat, new man,1—Ethan Ftagg, republicaa, new maa. 2—N. Holmes Odell, democrat, old member. 8 Samuel Hopper, republican, new man. 8—Wm. Marshall, Jr., democrat, new maa, 3—Benj, F . Camp, republican, new man,WTOMIHG OOCSTT.8. 8. Hammond, democrat, sow man.John J. Dooiittto, republican, new man. TATSB COCBTY.John Hatmaker, republican, new maa.'•Weil, gentlemen, all there is about that is so a a i ao -NEW YORK HERALD. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1860^TRIPLE SHEET.the rewmlt Thar dressed hy the Boa Jacws T. Bradysod Samuel O. Court- the itale ta awry uey. TtmUnicooseetora^tloa^wsaonoersed.snwand the utlng the laws. Jndgs' led the large concoursefervent, effective and <mprevailed, sad youmayset t Ulster sadW«.D0uGLWMr1JmL£C0rrV'T0NC0NSTrrUT10N,WspobUshad port of t h stoeMr Dougtas has bad his attention directed to u a - ^tor, and has givtn the whom charge a naon direct aad «* qualified dental In bis speech at ItJlwaukoe,ocuis U U tost , he thus disposes of ths matter;-An ahoUttoa newspaper hat jest boss placed to saw in 1838 sad •Jt, heads, containing what purparts to ho V - — -dancebetweenaBreckinridge«~-niitirtto certain cltixens of tse^ Terrbory. I havelife* tha oolportert or andihe Douglas Albany Regency thoroughly^repudiated.their arm* a The Boa. Danim a Dtoktasos, who p r e s i d e d l * ^ * * » > . the Union electoral ticket.taajorityforfull face, florid complexion, At tho Governor's election IS 1868, tho republican plurali-2—Judlah Ellsworth, democrat, corruptlooist. adarkandoeaetretlageye,heary•Tf>"«. ^ "rar tyoverthsdemocratic, candidatewasbut1ST—lasAme bodies,lestbyjoininghandswiththelobbytbelrconsti- 8 JswtoSSumner,Jr.,republican,sowsaws,UomV^k Totee, looked over the 10 one ss a perIsssrieaos polling 838 votes, sad ths abolitionists 8-ths whole number of votes batag S.ftiO. It is apparent, therefore, that If the aati republicans wore s o w cordially united, they night carry Schenectady county b y up wards of 800 votes over the republicans.of Fifty Thousand Majority for which he occupied during l«*T aad IMS He was for bono" fever. They do not enter with any spirit late thstuents will repudiate them —LIST OF 0AN1HBATB8.wsettling with s doses what others wouldtake sa hoar upon. His loag connection withtho Centre! real as President, and his 41-leotorshlp of as many others aa be has angerssod toes, have mads him knows to t h s flaaacters i s almosterery testtos of ths country Ths only political oSdo tow ths union ticket as if they were taking that he has held is teat of member of Congress—a position Woe mass aad opium for their Southern ''brokenmilitia on a general training day, none but oil) :ers with a Jew. He has been twice Mayor cf the city, and won 3—Jason Clark, Douglas democrat, new mas. » tseir epaulets can be round, aad they presenting a seady Gubtrnatvria' Contest—The Albany and Susquehanna the admiration of all by the ability and impartiality with 3—Harvey -Bailey, republican, new maa.District Ripefor a Bolt—Who shall Pick the Presidential which he discharged the dutiea of tha offioe. He was par- K1S03 COrsiT.and dilapidated appearance. The only section where It sclaimedthattheyhareanystrengthoutsideofNew Pear,me.Voikisat.Syracuse,whoreGreenhasmanagedtokeep ThemoreIlockshoutsadm1oglewiththemasses,Isaevery word and syllable in it, but wanted to make o s sup a little enthusiasm. Even the republicans, who have the more convinced that tho republicans are figuring the comprehension of those wno are U miliar with his fondness for esse, aad his ambition to be happy and com-heretofore made It their special aim to represent this their fifty thousand majority from as erroneous basisBut ir we are blessed with a population of industrious unerring evidence that the President had endorsed thowing of the democratic party In the State aa being a for mideble one, now declare it of no account and awart that the vole that Brady will poll will not be enough to affect the canvass one way or the other, and have abandoned tne idea of furnishing them means to keep u3the organ!-• tiiou Having become convinced that H e people a r e either going to vote for Kelly or Morgan, they hare no 1'imposition to furnish the Brecklnrideers the sinews of war to keep op their guerilla attacks u » n the i bugles wingThequestionthenariseswhereisthisvotegoingto, which a few weeks since was planed at fabulous flgareif The republicans set ap a claim to a portion of It, and cite a nw individuals who have decided to go for Lincoln as their proof; but these instances are^so few and far be- tween that they do not account for evena^hundredth part of the vote, and cannot be considered aa an isdsx for tea party. There is no denying the fact that the present leaders of the hard shell organization have so managed their affairs that they Bb*,long*r have a hold epou the people. These small fry politicians, unable 10 compre- hend the issues of the day, or understand their awn posi- tion, have thrust the fatal dagger into the heart of their own periv, drawing from it its life blood and leav- ing nothing hut a lifeless corpse), which they hare not tho humanity to bury. Eves thelong,mournfulsermonofBrady, or the Biblical 1iota lion of Scriptural Dickinson, over Its remains, cannot rally enough on th 10th of November to present a deeent monmtag party. The members of that party have al-ready taken up quarters either in the repablioan ort'nioo camp, and will either vote for Morgan or Kelly•or Governor, Jest aa the local issue* in the severalcounties wilt aiteot their iaterasts. Ia this county a organization pf the republicans, aad their vigorous can wide awake go aheada than the republicans of those re- 2 Oilrer P. Soovel. republican, new man.targesomberwillbofoundvotingforMorgan, asanoff- vaasinthewesternaadtheInteriorportionsoftheStats.a harder working, more zealous aad determined set of gions, your correspondent never before laid eyes00.saw YORK conrrr. 1—James Hayes, Tammany, new maa,1—Jacob8. Smith, Breckinridge, atsmaor is 1S59. 1—John Callahan, Mbsart, new man.1—tames H, Welsh, republican, new man,1—Joseph A. Gordiur, republican, new maa. 2—William Walsh, Tammany sad Mozart, corruptionist, 2—John Cavsnagh. Breckinridge, new man.2—Daniel Leany, Breckinridge, new man.2—Ira H Tutbill, republican, new man. 8—Joseph Woodwortb, Tammany, new maa. 3—Michael Burns, Breckinridge, now maa.3—XX B. Woodruff, Moiart, corruptionist8—Win H. Gibson, republican, new man. 4—Wm. J. Kinney, Tammany, new man. 4—Thomas Montgomery, Breckinridge, nsw maa, 4—John Conway, Breckinridge, new maa. 4—Wm. 0 Sloan, Breckinridge, new maa. 4—Wm. McOanley, Mozart, new man.set for the republicans taking Otoott, It democrat, lor , against Corning, whom they bate. These localaonuaattoos throngbout the State will go a great way In oectding the Presidentatl swd Gubernatorial election, the ombiaatwo thaw formed settling the fate of the aspi- rants, and that party which males the strongest bids Tor the hards will receive their supporta person, however, cannot look upon the anvemeuta of the leaders bars without coming to the conclusion that all haada are longing for tho election of Lincoln. Wsed, avho was so compiete'y laid out by Greeley at Chicago, expresses sa earnest desire that tho Seward wing shall not falter In the contest, bat work for the sector* ofihe rail splitter with a zeal, and hai no hesitancy in assert tag that ho haw n private understanding with Lincoln, which will place them nw tho inside track, and upset ailof Greeley s plans, If tho Chicago nomine) is elected. This ho gives out without any its or anda to all of his friends,whoaresoreoverthedefeatofSowarJatChicago, sod thaw urges them on to tho battle.wUl roll up the majorities so large that they will more than overbalance those or the eastern counties, although•hey may br •*they may be double what they ever hare been.There Is a great deal being done in the Gubernatorialcontest, notwithstanding everything appears soqutet lathat line. Mr. Kelly, tha Douglas democratic nominee, iaat work with great energy and is doing all within sispower to secure his election. He is making great inroadsupon the republicans in the eastern oouutiea of the State,whilst Governor Morgan is not only losing largely there, from whence the capital for some of his most entertaining but will bo cut a great deal ia Mworoe and Erie counties,botn, ss it bad been by everybody at Washington, of all parties, that Kassas would inevitably be s free State. It was ackao wiedged that five out of s i s , If not nine out of tea, of the people of Kansas were oppose i to making it a slave State;and it waa conceded by os both that they bad a right to make it a rree State, tf thaw chose, or a slave 8tate, if they preferred i t (Cheers.) But. inasmuch aa e e conceived that there was so large a majority of tbe people la favor of s free State, wo dis- cutKo the proposition oa the supposition that Kassas would be a rree State I expressed the hope that, upon making It a free State, they would insert such clauses to their constitution s s would guarantee t h s fulfilment s a tbe part of their prople of every provision 0: the consli tution of tbe United States, and thai they would pot intowing o( the party, or at least to show these that the ever-bearing demands of the douth.-rn democrstm poiiticiaas combinations and the efforts that are male by both sides«,ertunotbasubmittedtoInthistonality. Torasas111in ahopetem minority In this State, for tho Skew Of givingto secure it. In fact, 1 may safely say that the Novem- ber election to in the hands of the workers—the party who work the hardest, and do and gl re the most, aretowards them as their Isst aad only resort to stay the re saejoiit, they put dawn New York city at i*«,V are publican tide. Toe Presidential and Gubernatorial pear thousand democratic majority; and tae'r s s S S n ? Is ripe and almost ready to drop to the ground, aad itthis county, and I feel no hesitation at all—and I sneak from a careful dlsgnosid of tbe case—lhauolu Westchester will roll up a majoriiy for the national ticket of at leastpeople. When the Convention adopted th: consti- The ordnance ma-mel or table of ailoeaacet fir the tution and declared it imforce, without submitting if to OsTho mere staiemeati of their party friends in the several counties that they are going to giro iecrenead anew.ties, withowt givtag facts s s d oats to hack tha as s e n lee, are all that I bava been able to ascertain that n e iwfaahUenss nave to base their calculation 1 upon. Only1 county has boss thoroughly canvassed, sad that does resent, in tho aggregate, say material change ia favor. Theopposition,onthootherhand, alsoreliable data thaa Tetters from their own party fHeads shattheyarego»g toincreasetheirmaj>ritietlathis sad that locality, the friends of the Cntoa electoral tioket stave nothing to deooursge them 1Ths assorts Cross tho interior rsoslved by the de«> gratiisjnstssencouragiagaithatoftherepublicanIt mast net he over tasked, however, tost the rspabti- Bnnwarefarbetterorganis*o than their eppisents,thisad we propoie to stand by thorn so Ion ( as a "shot istoft to the locker." Let them see to it now and at once,for the Robicoo, oa tho banks of which they now stand tofear aad trembling, enco passed to safety, nothing henceforward can arias to dissever the heads of natty and goodstave Stare, and if they voted against it still it wasa Slavs State. When I reached Washington, three a«T«~- fore tbe meeting of Congress, I went directly to the 1 re- sident aad had a talk with bim open this subject, to wbtah I informed bim, as a friend, notclaimthattheyareaetawtoiwdaootherepohtioann7aJeeKlss totherare!laatrteta, aad morethan holdtheir•wwtothelargecities, the aansrtiow of one, withootSheproof,mostbeconsideredjestasreliableasthesjtber. AsmwstUlbsrepubUmashaveeons*more gtest.willbeverychosei.Orae*.eo«ty.Eachh„18—DennisMoCabt;,republican,newmau. 18—EdwardDunn,Independent,newmaa. IT—JayJarvisJones,Tammany,newman.11—1ftIngraham,Brock.,MozartandUnion,sawats. OSR1DAGOCSTT.1—Fran318 Kiernan, democrat, new maa.1 -Jesses McQuade. repuolican, corruptionist. 2—James C. Bronson, democrat, new maa. 2—Levi F. Marshall, republican, sew maa. •I—Marquis L. Renyon, democrat, new man. ">—Geo.H.Champlin,republican,newman. 4—William Lewis, republican, new roar.1 0.N05DAUA COr.TTT.headofthecorps,whoselongaadfaithful services tionoftberoBSameatalprinciplesofthedemocrattopar-aramifioaUoa of their ma?hIeery extending into ereryswsetlos preolaet ia the State, aad onndnetef with n ays-lasn almost wiioj: _"ViI.e. «a taa Uj.-/•# o. u.- C»«J democoer was held al this place last erjoia* LB1.<son,orNewYork,andothers. Mr.Steeleljthe,demo •1—LymanOrion,democrat,newman.cratle candidate for Onrtgrent In this district.speechagainsttbemeasure Heasmaiidhemoaitl'rK#mv*°TM tounce it tbe moment hw message was road. (i»rihaving come out square for Lincoln, the republicans are tent writer of the Greeley school, the philosopher of the8—John M. Stearas, republicaa, new man. 8—John Llsskey, national democrat, sew man. 6i-Joseph Nesbitt, regular democrat, new man. 8—Robert Woodland, Union, new man, 7—GeorgeH. Fisher, republican, old member.The oae to which I wish to call your attention is themarine corps. It has been so shamefully slighted by theabsence of Committees of Investigation, reports on its con-dition, and want of newspaper • comments for s o long sported,onetoledtobelievethatagallantcorps,which tbe constitution to the people. (Cheers.) I has Bcrved its country long and faithfully In all our then Informed Governor*" Walker that, as s Senaglorifying over it and claim that they are getting large accessions from t h e American ranks.Tribune, it is said, having adopted him as a protege soma time ago The republican hurrah boys like the name of Mix; in fact, they like things mixed, a s they did their whiskey the other night at Fort Plain,But tho antt republicans are not cordially united. 'tho Breckinridge wing of the democracy sealtether with the ptan of 1 as alavary stew (Laughter.) / detirt to say to yem 1 « ti falst i s ear*: CATVCU cor/HTT ThomnSW.Olcott,therepublicannominee,hasboosa tion,andacceptedinsianterbyaslargoaBellaadEveratt 1—Geo.0.Rathbon,democrat,newSMB.from aa Atbeay suadpoint, presents a different appearaaoe than whew viewed from Now York. Tho heavyclouds that are saea hororiag around tha political herixoa, as well aa the amalier ewos that hare found their waynear the zenith, present different colors, with other lights city. Ho was mixed up with the failure of the Canal carry both city and county of Schenectady, not withwed shades, than those seen from the commercial capital Bank, which closed so suddenly to July, 1848, and created standing tho operations to the contrary'by the Breckia1—Herman Benton, republicaa, new maa. 8—Gothan W. Shank, republican, new maa. 8—Smith Anthony, republicaa, sew maa.CHALTUCQCA OOCSTT1—Henry A. Prendprgast, rep., member la 1868 aad JT.8—Hiram Smith, Jr., republican, o d member. CBlMtTIiO OOTOTT.Stephen T. Arnot, democrat, new man. Lucius Robinson, republican old member.CHRNASGO ooDirrr. 1—Thomas Carter, s e w man.2—S E. Lewis, new man.CUXTOn OOCSTT. 1,lifelong democrat, hot never n politician. Hela what Is called aa independent man, cutting his ticket ssd bolting the regular nomination whenever he chose; he never hold any political position, but has bean for years theConvention as was ever hold is the count?. The fusion being oomplete between the Douglas democracy aad ths Bell Everetts, theis is but little doubt Mr. Vibbard willPresident of the Farmers sad Mechanics' Bank of thissimply a statement that the Germans, IrUh and KnowNothings were stok aad tired of each other's company on vatory controversy, in which Mr. Corning was also a par- Montgomery gave a republican plurality cfWm. T, Crook, democrat, now man 6T2 Henry McFadden. republican, oldf l l.1,881 2—Alexander Davis, democrat, new maa 2—NortonS.Collins,republicaa,sewticipant. These two genUemen were pitted against each Fultonthe Union or fusion ticket, aad to better their condition other, Mr. Corning coming off conqueror, which has re- ishonectady " "were nearly all marching for the republican camp, where sulted in creating a-bitter mud between the Corning andthey wt>al*t forget their animosity and vote together as Uioott families, kept np to the present time, and Is charged by thefriends of the farmer as being the causeone USrmdulous family, la perfect unioa, hartnenioua of Mr. Olcott accepting the nomination at this time.Mr. O cott is a man about sixty years cf age, a short, whenCitywereaupportlogLincolu,butsnapping,snarl- thiksetperson,belowmediumheight;bilocgs,likeMr.ing aud gnashing their teeth when in the fusion ranks. Corning, to the aristocracy, but not Knickerbocker breed. But fortunately this reflectioa of pa >lic feeling carries Both are quite wealthy and are willing to spend a goodon its face Its own absurdity. If the Americans, one. Mr. Oloott ia secluded in his habits, and although debet eetady.Inah and Germans cannot agree to vote for the fu- repected by everybody, has not mingled with the masses aa Schoharie...aioo ticket together, la there nay sane rata that much as Mr. Corning, and hap not, therefore, so atrong a »Total American vote wlii believe that they can make ap their minds to join bold upon them. The present iadicat ens are favorableMontgomery. deal in the canvass, the contest will therefore be a lively Fulton•.8 3 3 7*«to the election oi Mr. Corning oy a handsome majority.Presuming that but one-half or this vote will be caat for Mr. Vibbard, he has still the old democratic plurality to fall back upon, if Us back be not broken by the Brec* inridgers-'The following is a list of the candidates for Congresshands and work together harmoniously for Lincoln • Didthe republicans lay claim to ooe of these factions, andnot to tha whole, there mlgat bs some jus'.toe and forcein tbtoposaUoa, bat the wholesale claim makes the whole upon the carpet many mea well known in Albany—those from this district:—thing preposterous.who have had some mysterious connections with former 1. CB4CW0ST VIBBARD, democratic aad Union—Came tomeooe their career with long and puritanical races, aad lift? thousand majority ia the State, and not one rote less, hold up their bands la holy horror to all offers at corrup- la their cry, for Lincoln; whilst the other aide only say tion, and be especially indignant at the last Legislature,SO THK EDITOR OF THB HBBSLB.Oae often sees in Europe, though fortunately seldom In sent for him, explained to him tbe programme agreedsession, end the last fifty days will find them smelling lively appearance, an activity which indicates an unusual out aad pouncing upon every moneyed scheme, aad pass-business ia tome line. Whether this la assumed or a ing It with hot haste. The lobby are already rejoicingcredit, that be never employed or discharged a n u n on the road on political grounds, and tha employes univer- sally speak of him in high terms or respect. Tola, how- ever, is the same with his townsmen or aU parties, repub ltcans included. Mr. V . ia a maa c f considerable wealth, say $200,000 or s o , has a splendid mansion in Schenecta- dy , and is surrounded by a growing and estimable tarn! ty and nests or devoted friends. Mr. Vibbard is suppose! to »e rather weak in the democratic stronghold of the district (Schoharie county), oa account of his presumed oppoeiiion to the Susquehanna Railroad, in which enter-Sreduced a roll of papers, aad said that he there held to is band the toangnral address to the people of Kansas, which be was going to publish so soon as he arrived la the Territory. He further said that It had been agreesreality, it will perbapa take more than a short sojourn hi over the prospect! of a brisk business. It will take a Governor with a better record and purer antecedentsAlbany to decide. Whilst this hurrying to and fro and than Governor Mcrran to stay the progress of the crew hustle are going on about the republicaa and Douglas that will compose the next Legislature. The man that headquarters, the rooms of the Secretary to the Breckia appoints lobby leaders to tho moat important offices underridge f'ute Committee present a forsaken and forlorn ap- bis gift, aad retains a chief clerk who spent two thirds of pearance; oae would think from the appearance that the session in lobby business, will be no man to place laground to tilled with old implements of husbandry, andtbe produce is strictly Scriptural, only sufficient for theday. Thus does tho owner live, forever tolling, always that part of It to which bo stated be was authorised byThe several Assembly districts throughout tae State- are icoses of life and vigor, and although most 0' the old members have been thrown over ward, there appearLegislatures, and it has oa Its face the appearance of a Schenectady a poor tad. Obtained einpioj meat on the Thereis,however,nomistakingthefactthatthe grandrquaooleforsomebigschemethatistocomeup tticaaaddefaeoeetadyRailroadasahrafcerhan. Rose offloersoftherepublic*icommitteeherearefarmore inthenextLegislature Fromthebest informationthat rapidlyIntheconfidenceortheCompany,aadisnowthesanguine than the other aide. They are counting with a lean gather, I predict that tha next Legislature will General Superintendent of the New York Central Rail- certainty that makes them assume almost a defiant tone; leave a worse record than the last- They will com road,an office or great reapmslbliity and trust His con-tIailed StateaMarine Corps.thai they hope to carry tho State. The headquarters and perhapi get up n sham investigating committee. and are fighting all connected with it upon old rashioned of both the republican and Douglas committee present a Their honesty will have vanished by the middle of tho antt monopoly grounds. It Is stated, to Mr. Vibbard'sour own country, a largo farm which has descended fromsire to BOBthrough many generations, nearly in the samecondition in which it (bit into the first possessor. Thebouse has the same old walls, and the sou complains fromyear to year of their* boat hi summer, of tbelr cold Inwinter, of the leaks ia the roof to admit the rain, andcracks to doors and windows, ^through which the snowdrives to an uncomfortable manner—just as his fathercomplained, sad will transfer the same grievance to his to by the President and his Cabinet, and that they bad son. Outside exists the same want of attention; the instructed him to come by way of fwlcago and stop boothe executive chair, with the idea of having any effectthere had just been a funeral, at which the Secretary of with his vetoes. It will want a man whoso past course prise Schoharie Is dee oly interested, and ten thousandtha ocmmlttee was tha chief and only monrner. From has been more consistent. all accounte that party in this vicinity and throughout theState has for a long time boon growing smaller bydegrees and beautifully leas, until they Bid themselvestheir way to Schoharie.1—David Montague, republican, new maa.1—R bt. Doming, Breckinridge democrat, new maa. 2—NathanWaiting.Douglasdemocrat,newman.2 - Adolphus M Cook, Breckinridge democrat, new maa.wondering why his grata is light, his cattle lean; never lookingbeyondhisfencesuntilhisdeficientcropis gath ered and compared to the well filled gralnery aad thethe President and by every member of his Cabinet to saw that if the constitution was not submitted to the people tf ifouldnotbeacceptedbyCbnpress,I asked htmwhetherhe had that distinct isassrshxawSaj with the President andALRiWY,Oct.19,1880.2 MoRDKCiiItVERSisthenationaldemocraticorBreok- inridge candidate Mr. M. was originally from the cityThe American! for the Union licket—Tk* Attitude of thea'.l leaders and no followers. Like the muster of the Rit>r fbwawet—Twelfth Omgreuional District—Tke of New York, and is a Hebrew by persuasion, and rich as 2—David J. Wayer, republicaa, new man.Esq., who waa nominated by a full democratic Conven-" "pOLOMBU OOCSTT. tflT 1—Levi Leroy, democrat, new man. .1,060 1—Samuel Lumber, republican, newTotal republican pluralitySchoharie gave a democratic plurality of.Clear democratic plurality tadiatrict ThetotalAmericanvoteinthese countiesIn1868,• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • e e e e e a s a - a a e O l w >• • > • • • * • • • • • a • • • • • • » . » • • • • • •'• • • %Ownection with the Central road ia presumed toabe the se- cret of the opposition among some of the Breckinridge democrats, who regard the corporation as a monopoly,upon between Governor Walker and himself, and told him (Calhoun) that ho was espested to carry it oat is good faith. At that stage of the proceedings I toft Washing ton, aad returned to my home in Chicago. A few weeks after a messenger brought me the ears of Robert J Walk- er, asking me to call aad see him at tbe Revere House la Chicago. I did so, and as soon as I entered his room hesiretobeInsuchabeargardenasCongresssurpatsath1—JamesFitzgerald,nationaldemocrat,newmaa. 2—Marquis O Moore, republican, member ia 1858-59. 2—David T. Easton, regular democrat, now maa. 2—John Cavanagh, national democrat, as s man.fc—Nathan Oomstock, republican, new man.3— Iheophilus C Cal icot, democrat,old _4—John E. Cammeyer, republican, new man4—James Darcy, democrat, corrupttouistft—Lucius C. Andrus, republican, member la 1359. 5—William C Jones, democrat, old member.6—Wm. H Campbell, independent democrat, new man.whichthemorecarefulfarmer Improveshisestate,aad again In the fall sees only the two results.andbea,owedmetoexaminetheinterlinealionslathe aocutuaat 'n Mr. Buchanan's own handwriting. (Tre mindot* applause.) Thus 1 had before my own eyes thsfortable, and to make all others so around him But if to Congress thou woulost go, say his friends, to Congress be It thee—They are taking the enthusiasm of s few persons as theleelir g of the menses Is conversing with the leadingAmericana, I cannot ascertain any that have gone over tothe republicans from the ranks or that party, except afew of those who have heretofore called themselvesAmericans, but were republicans In disguise. This clam haa been engaged in patent rights, and is said to bo a pa 6—John C. Jacobs, Union, new maa.farmers, whose exertions ketpuB from seeing but rarely In our own country such improvidence, there are other institutions which do not possess the same eagerness for improvement, but, like the poor farmer, remain in their inert state—the scofl and wonder of the enterprising.document I asked Governor Walker if be had road it to the Cabinet, and he answered not tho whole of it; hot that be bad attended a Cabinet meeting and discussed It all over, and stated all of its propositions, and that erery member of the Cabinet. except one, cordially approved of it. HesJso said that when that one member of the Cabi- net disapproved of it, be tdd tbe President that he would not go to Kansas; that be would not enter that Territory with any one member of the administration against him; that thereupon tbe dissenting member of the Cabinet withdrew hw objection, aad they all pledged teems aires to stand. ny him on tbe principle of su bmlttlagHoi for Congress, Mordecat!3 HoosiCK Mix is the gentleman who has been nominated for Congress from this district by the republicans He is a young man or good oratorical abilities, great on the stump, is a son or the proprietor of the Schoharie Patriot,SinceIleftNewYorkIhaveseenleadingpoliticianson whentheybadfourthousandclampiestofusewithit 7—AndrewJ.*penoer,regulardemocrat,newman. all sides of tho question, from the river counties lying be- Clams may carry the day. As an ardent republican Jem- 7—Wm, 8. Milledoler, national democrat, new man.tor, I had no hesitation is assuring him that I should require tbe best evidence ths nature of the case would admit of, that the constitution to he adopt- ed in Kansas waa the act and deed of that people, aad that I believed that the submtosioa of that coastitu- tioa to a vote or the people was tbe best mesas of ascer- taiaining that fact. (Cries of "Ciood" sad cheers.) Itween Now York and Albany, sad their universal expres-sion is, that the entire anti-republican rorces In thosecounties are going It blind for the Union ticket; even theleading republicans assert that they do sot aspectto do as well as last year, and from all circum have as yet nomtnsted a candidate for the Assembly in 2—George Hyland, republican, new man. stances they must not be expected to any more than hold this county. They have put up Mr. James F. Woodruff, MADrson coramtheir own. The information that I hare received from of Schenectady—a very respectable gentleman. The 1—Orin B Lord, republican, new man.tho Twelfth Congressional district, or Dutchess sad Co- Douglas democrats and the Bell Everetts propose to fuse upon some prominent person, aad Judge Page, of thislombia counties, noe represented by Beale, republican,to city, a gentleman or large experience and great ability, such as to place that district ia doubt, with the chances has been named. The Douglas men are putting up strong2—James Burnett, republican, old member. - MOVSOB COUSTT.h-Martin Roberts, democrat, now maa.ment, and you will deserve the thanks of the nountry if proposition that tbe President aad Cabinet had anything you do not receive them. to do with tbe matter; that I did not know what ths EiOn the demise of tbe late lamented commandant of the cutlve Department of the government had to do witb the corps, it was confidently hoped that his successor, being constitation of Kansas: and that in my opinion tbe peoplemy Twltcher observed to day—"Vol's the use o' goia' for Wibbard?—Wibbard aint got no c'am pies as Mix's."lswu coramLIVIKGSTON COCKTY.wars, by sea and laud, and is now doing service whereverour flax is flying, is at last forgotten and known only to theantiquary. It to to your power to overcome this neglect,and in justice to Its long service let It once more beknown that it still exists; but in biinging it forth oharitaoly wipe off tho rust on the staunch old blade, accumu-tated while lying in the dark during au age of Improve also told him that I was not prepared to endorse thsTHB AftSKXBLY.The Breckinridge demosrats are the only party thatJ. M. Gardner, democrat, new man, E. Baldwin, republican.1—Levi Beneiict, republicaa, new maa. infavorofthedemocraticcandidate,whowillreceivethe candidates fortheAssembly, such asHon.CorneliusL. 2—CouisH.Morgan,republican,newman.youngerinyears,wouldpossetsmoraenergy thancould weretomakeItastheyplease1inthefirstinstance; sad naturally be expected in his predecessor, aad proportion- when it came to Congress I, as a Senator, must demand ateprogressinkeepingwiththesgewouldbeattempted. the best evtd<nee thatItwasthe actanddeedorthat But two years hare elapsed since the advent of this star people. (Cheers.) Thereupon ! gars htm the assurance of promise, and very little has been effected.solid American vote la Columbia county. There Is no Allen, late Judge of the Supreme Court, la Washington connty; Hon F Kernan, late Reporter of theCourtofquestion but that tha republican maiorities from the Appeals, in Utlca; Hon. Leander Bibcock, late member of Western portion of tte State will meet at Albany larger op- Congress, In Oswego, &c. They .deserve credit for at8-«-Benjamin R. Wells, republican, new man. MOSTOOMSBT cowrr.Jacob J. Radeliff democrat, new maa. MAiiARA cocarrr.that, according to my judgment, the constitution ought to be submitted to tbe people; and I Intended, as a Sena- tor and Chairman of the Committee os Territories to de maad evidence that it bad been properly dose. Gover- nor Walker and myself talked over the existingposition majorities than have been knows since the election least the attempt to redeem the Legislature ot the corrup-of James K. Polk. The ma>n thing that the friends of tha tions or the past year; but they will be overwhelmed in 1—Hen-y 8 Smith, republican, new man. union electoral ticket have to fear is, that ths thorough tbe republican torrent unless they bestir themselves,for 2—James C. Bronson, democrat, new man.We still find sergeants drilling companies of recruits atour navy yards; young officers receiving their lirst, and,perhaps, only instruction, on entoiing the service, fromnoo commissioned ojlicors in Washington, and the samesystem of drill invogueaswhenthecorpswasfirstor- condition of Kansas, and it was conceded by us ganized, although it is not only abandoned by all Euro-pean armies and our own, but even by our volunteermilitia, for the French light infantry drill. This is peoa-liarly well adapted for the naval service; and yet, whilethe sailors in most of our vessels receive instructions atIt, and are rapidly becoming active, formidable aad to 'telligent soldiers, tbe marines are argwa up on tbequarterdeck, with scarce room to open ranks, andarearilled during three rears at the manual of heavy in-Entry, and occasionally vary it, through the kindness ofah officer ot the deck, who has it cleared up, to permitthis cumbrous mass to march, elbow to elbow, by theright or left flank, for a short distacce.os sxouat of his retool tho Insolvent bill, which waspressed by many of the leadlag republicans is thesecounties before tho Legislature. The dkaipoiated Albany and Susqoehaana districts are In an unsettled con- termined ardor and excitement. We have our glorious dition. There is ths material In those counties ready aadAny one Who has ever walked a ship's dock oss easilyimagine how difficult it to to preserve that regularity andprecUloa of step called for by Scott's tactics, and the their cotstltutioc a clause requiring every officer is thatssattoua to defeat Morgan if they can only ate that byvoting against him there is any chance to aocempiishthtlrobject;buttheydonotseeminclinedtovoteforKelly over four hundred names or our sSbatTprominent arltoout teeiing satisfied that they can elect him. N34—Lewis Hoppi, republican, new man.5—CfaarlesBtauvelt,BreckinridgeandMozart,newman. nessforancientcustoms,ofadoptingtheindependeatanl aaIdotoyontoday,thatnomaaought tobapermittedsince, and which now numbers on Its roll of actual'votersThere is much loose evidence floating nbait that would efforts hare yet been made to throw this vote against citizcg£ We have for our President Mt. J. G? Dudley, 6—Jobn P Garo, independent, new man,easy step and port or arms of the Hardy tactics for the to vote at any election who is not willing to obey the con naval service. • stitulioa of tho United States in all its parts.Two improvements bave been made in the corps—tho (Applause.) And I, therefore, trusted that theyIndicate that tho democratic Regency are not a; all ad Morgan; hut It only needs a concentration of effort and a prominent merchant in your city, and who does tbe6—MsjorGeo B. Hall, democrat, new man.8—S. T. Webster, Tarn., Moztrt and Brock.. old member. one the change of uniform to a more comfortable drees; would so frame tbelr constitution as to make Itrerss to tho stsetlPS of Lincoln. Bat those who are la Doostnat communication with them s i r e their assurance that Cogger, Richmond aad all hands are doing their best to defeat Imeoin; and whenever appearances have indicated otherwise, K Is osry their movements to prevent the party organisation of the State fromSin? out of their hands into that of othsrs. Taere ,however, no mistaking thefact that it is part St*thepslteyof Richmondtocottoeeefrom theSoatnernP*1^**** «» whom they have confidence ti go amongst them • 5 * * 1 " "taw reasons to believe that they nave It within their power to defeat Governor Morgan, to have an almost uaasimou vote from that ssciios agaisit Gov. Morganhonors of the chair with unusual judgment sad ability, commanding alike the admiration of his friends and tho respect of bis foes.6—Geo.H Vanderhoof,republican,newmaa. 7—Tames Nash, Tammany, new man.7—Daniel Y oung, Breckinridge s a d Mozart, n e w PASO, 7—J. Mansfield Davis, Union, aew man.obligatory on every cltizaa of Kansas to perform his ob- the other, the Instruction given the recruitsin the ligations under theconstitution. Butwhile1expresses'O u r T a r r y t o w n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . TaBRTtOww, Oct. 18,1880.Prcgrest of tht Union Ticket in larrytoum-The Aroused, dVPeopleIn this usually quiet little village, on the basks Of the Hudson, celebrated as the home of Irving and the scenesworks emanated, and also for the capture of Andre, the affairs of politics on the questions now agitating thecotutr try far and wide are being discussed with the meat de-National Union Club, established only some three .weeksstilt more d!Qk'"H task of carry Ing a musket perpendicu- larly in the slightest ^toway, while they would readily see the advantage, If not b!:*4ed by.an overweening fond-State and every citizen to lend his aid In the enforce meat of all constitutional provisions—tbe Fugitive Stave law included. (Cries of "Gocd," aad cheers ) I declared then,^ V i S l 2£f c ?a • Pr*id«»»j»>« «taernatorial can-rest in tnis State for a number of years in which-tbs ma- who bave clearly explained to the satisfaction of many.of 7—R M. Blatohford, republican, member in 1855.howitzer aad great gun exercise, by Lieutenant Green, at headquarters. B i t a s this latter is only confined to those on drill at that post the lonefit Is hut partial, andthis opinloo to Governor Walker, it wss distinctly under- stood that this was a question for the people or Kansas to decide for themselves, and which ever way they decidedWe hsve been favored with a number of good speakers, terialstoodinsouncertainanattitudeasduringthiscam themostskepticalthedangerimpendingthefuturewelfareshould be extended to the rest of our navy yards. And it was to be final and conclusive. I Ac not distinctly recol- inli-"uoTsendlrgsomanyofficerstoseeincommandor lectwhetherIcommunicatedtoMr.Calhounornetthere-7—EdwinJ.Samoa,independent,newman. 8—Oscar H, Bogert, Tammany, new man 8—Lawrence E Hill, Breckinridge, new man. 8—John J. Reiley, Mozart, member in 18(8-7. 8—Oscar G. Sawyer,republican, new man. 8—Andrew Graft, republicaa, new man. 8—Nicholas L. Hasaoa, republican, new man. 8—Andrew Lewis, Union, new man.•oho found m thin latitude this canvass has basn Sols* not be denied that the republicans stand th Jbest chance, Awake Club to much over one hundred- and 9—Geo, McGregor, Tammany, new man.for their organization to more perieet, and they are coe- to do this they have * had to call' upoa ducting the canvass with greater energy, than tho other the services of some thirty or forty boys and halfvotes, aad state that the returns which tbev receive m> Side, although they begin lb admit that tneir boy Wide* ! £ l *•»»!?• ' 5 1 M t — ^ ^ t t a T w i fUs1e S . A ' Awakes are a s expeasive luxury, which will not secure grown men, saying nothing about at lean a sc >re of the 9—John M. Ramsey, Uaioa, new man.reduced in the mtaricrof the Sate " ' " T " K « them votes enough to pay coat Tne people every beloveff negro, who generally accompany the club fas 9—Edward R Dean, independent, new man. mJ^iJTlti0 !!!!; g ' ^ T V * » l ,_***»«' " 0 exeeadlagty where are asking what the Union Cimmttteeofyour honored guests) whenever they are on tbe march, whioh 10—David Crawford, Tammany, new man. waaguine, and new tgwe L«aeem's maj *iiy u artv th >a city are doing to prevent the State from going re- m about six nights in the week. The Union movement 10—John Bultoy, Jr., Breckinridge, new maa, • " " • T " ^ "PT*? ,**a«r,i«** »-ok«g«,i«uj publican. It sossso that publio attention Is directed takes like wildfire, and.will carry everything bsfore it in 10—Luke F. Onans, Mozart, new maa.twenty half instructed privates, the corps would be much improved if a few more offioerJ wore detained ashore to give these instructions, aad perfect the discipliie and drill which is so hard by recruits to obtais afloat, at the same time relieving us of the necessity of having not only them but our young officers, drilled by noa commis- sioned officers, wbo, however respectable they may be la their positions, should not bs relied on to perform the duties of commissioned officers, and lead a casual observer to think the latter;nro too negligent to execute them, when the reality is those'who are not at sea are recruiting from the effects or the unhealthy climate of the past cruise, and are generally too debilitated until their eighteen months of shore duty to past to undertake ener- getically their proper dutiea.paigD. The doubtful vote is three times as Urge as it ever was known before; all of i| which depends upoa the localor the Union under the assaults or such fanatics ss Wen- dell Phillips, Charles Sumner, Seward and the hosts of le«sf r lights. Thank heaven tbelr doctriuei have been weighed in this place and found wanting; for , with torch- light iwoceesioos, hands or music and a huge outcry generally, they have not succeeded y e t ia making consult of this interview with Governor Walker. It is well known to my friends that I am not in the habit of writing political letters. R is true that I gave many letters of in- trotiuition to Mr. Qalhoun, to persona applying for sur- vey irg contracts, or having bustness with tbe land office in Kansas, and Ivtay possibly have vrritten kirn, narrating this internets. But I am very sure that I wrote him ao letter upon the subject of politics, or the Lecompton coa- atitution. pending the sersioa of the Convention Gov. Walker proceeded to Kansas, and published his to- augural address, containing the statement that he was authorized by tbe President and bis Ca- binet to aay that tbe constitution would be re-jected unites It was submitted to a vote of thei^^^f!1 *"?** »«••»• * » «««rwa>» Stanheissnyjonger^willing to submit to, aad from the evidence sure to come oil first beet. For this simple reason it can verts enough to swell, the number of their Wide10—Robert a Boyd, republican, new man.11—John Hardy, Tammany, ne a*man.11—Wm. McOonkey, Breckinridge and Mozart, new man. II—lohn Hooper, republican, new man.11—CummtogaH Tucker, republican, corruptionist..advance their standard, and when the corps was called Inst election. That estimate 1 imagine will net •» f0UQ { to secure it. LM. the politicians aad people everywhere is to be tbe Waterloo of the campaign, the South- 1«—Geo. J. Campbell, Breok , Mozart and Union, new man. upon to detail men for aea service they would have it toon the vote oT the interior of the State take the vote list will be found ia the bosket of that party after election twenty five huadred. Does it not occur to you Mryear as a basic and give the republlcsna about four nftat which makes the greatest effort to pick it. T oe doubtful editor—from whose Argus eyes little escap3th worth no-of the reserve vote which remained at heme durinivha vote places it ta tbe hands of that party who do the most ticing—that, in view of the fact that this State 12—Andrew J. Smith, Tammany, corruptionist.•Shasta when the vote at polled aad counted. la thin aad decide which that will be. Baeswetser counties t h e ilowienrsry ctatm harry- gala*whilst tne republicans admit that.they will d » M wan, wsot bettor, lot tho dssaosrasy, than the two ooaades didern Slates ought to unite, and aid and assist us in 12—Cbartas Curtis, repuhlioan, new man. our great work of overcoming that horrid monster, 13 -Alexander Ward, Tammany, new maa.sectionalism ? Let them, if possible, inundate us with 18—Thomas Higgias, Breckinridge and Masart, new man. the best of their conservative orators—make every 13—George B King, Union, new man.their power to furnish soldiers, not simply men whoknow tbe s<raad, or perhaps have been exercised in theowe year ago. From tho republican figures 1 am unable go discover where they are going to receive no urge aoThe r.-->tpeei in Herkimer.stomp s rostrum, and every field a battle ground. Whatto them ia the distributing of a half a million of dollars t tsarsaos as they alalm hi any portion of the State hojiRMj majority. Bhemtan. republican, for Congress, In snob s cause they are fighting for their very firesides,Id—.tobert C. Hatchings, Tammany, new man. 14—Theodore B. Voorhiei, Mozart, corruptionist. 14—Edward Murray, Breckinridge, new man. It—Elbert Robinson. Union, sew man,14—Jesse Fonda, republican, n e e man.16—G W Varlan.Tm., Brk, Ifos'taad Union, old member. 16—Edward C Johnson, republican, new maa.Herkimer wm f 0 republican by fifteen hundred to twoevil effects; but as ail superior officers sre more or less to vote for or against; if they rated for it Kassas was aOstr Bta.wsvwatoai Cwrr«s|>wsiol«si«o.feeling hitherto existing betwten, tbe North and South fur 18—iJraadall Rich, Mozart, new maa.zealous w"a1vice, aad regard suggest ions an an Imper-tinent interference, many officers in the corps who bavelong perceived the ad rantage of reform is this, as wellas other things, bave bean withheld from expressing theiropinions from the fear of giving offence when tbe kindest to send the constitution into C*cgross for aceep- motives were Intended. It is oa this account you are tancs. I told him it was s notation of srsry appealedto—notwithasydesiretodisparagethepresent pledge we bad made to the people, a viola-aremtavo,ofStJ,1m. It iamily^^*^'"«• WrWitittergo democratic on the Presidentlal "unitkm "OarMiddletowa Correspoadeace. Bisons* 10.x, Oct. 19, I%SQ.Brwdyat Binohvnton,A large and enthusiastic ateetlng oT the BreckinridgeTwenty-five hundred democrats ssd Union men assem birdtosteveningatthisvillageIstheopenairandlisUntitled DocumenttenedtospeechesfromJohnB.Steele,Esq;JudgeTbomp' REFORM.BCRSKDTODSATH—The Tuskegee (Ala) Democrat ittob.sMssge,andIrepliedthatifbed-dIwould *Amasv, Oct. 19 1860.company drill two or three limes by some veaeraslesergeant. We do not know whether to charge this the Lecompten coastitutlon, you will had that the origi-change, so injurious to the marine corps, to the Depart- nal document made Kansas a slave State, aad ibea^toe ment or to tbe late chief or tbe corps, but see clearly tae schedule submitted another slavery clao^e to the paeptarepublicanism will bars expended Itself by reason of its 16—Frank McDonoqgh, Breckinridge, sow man.n , ,v Binourrows,Oat.18,1880. owaexhaustion,aadbecomeamatterforthefuturehis- 18—HenryArcualius,Tammaoy,corruptionist.TheQmtrtuumal QmtaSu,o,..,^Q ^Ths coatest between rtaai,, b a*,j*,,,«aweow/*ttfltorianonly.entitle him to respect,and, indeed, placs bim above iltnatured comment—but that, as yon*represent tbe country'sinterest,youaremorecapableofrendering sdmeassistancelaWipingoffthedustnowconosslingtbe arms of our shield, and can do so with mare propriety than less influential well wishers or the oorps; aad it to hoped tbe smaUness or its numbers will not debar it from your occasional attention, which, given la wholesome counsel, will teed greatly in promoting iti Interest aad relievemanyortheimpressionthatitisautoutaVson.midCbartasH.Vs.W^,^ . ^ ZSkTZ^L favorable considerations to count n a n * „ , . ,(torCessavitteCorrespondence. COXXA.-KIS, Oct. 18,1880.andBreent.CountiesGoodforTwoThousandMa- jority, ticty,andaviolationcrtheprinciples ofailparties to au republican governments; because » wasaaatteaiptao rofoeaooaatituttanonaa unarmingpeople BsheggeS menottosayanythinguponthesubjectuntilweshouto hear the news as to how tbe vote stood on the slavery clause. Tbe vote, you reaaembor, was to be »»keo on tne slavery clause oa tbe 2Ut of December thrssor four weeks subsequent e this Convention. I W*J*« "J"- dent that If he would withhold his recommendation oo»J the vote was taken on that clause I would withhold sty317CORTLAM) COOKTT. LoammlKinney,republican,newman.PBLAWASS COlfNTT. 1—Seymour E Smith, republican, new s u a .2—Nelson B. Flint, republican, new man. DCTCHS88 COCKTT.1—John H. Otis, democrat, new maa..counties as good for two "Bow fawtfl Lock*»aehmeet*d>GBeie^-/*w>o*«ff o/snAnlx Repubiuxm Gain in Cbwpmi—swwssti Likely to Legislature and voted for the peculating schemes of ths I Mssan Salisbury, republican, new man.county over Buchanan by over Mo In lSbw. At that for the feeling throughout the State that so few of thoseN. Dans Bllnwood, Mlnthome Tompfclas, rep.,aAKATOGAOOOWTT 1—Man Fulton, democrat1—Peter Hill, repubiioan, paw man.iiTsnwtsT coowrr.1 Lucius S. May, republicaa, member in 1864 swd 1 6 .» i AUUST OOCSTT1-John J Sllogerlaad, republican, oorrupttanlst1—Benjamin Stanton, aati rant, new man.2—Lewis Benedict, republicaa, now man.IIS—Robert H Proyn, rep , member La1848,'48 sad '80. ;&—Henry Lansing, Union, now m- dVWvu Wheeler, democrat, sowFriend H. Burt, republican,Lewis Nortnorp, Breckinridge, new CartfRAUGOS OOCSTT.1—Basset Kartin, democrat, now man. 1—Nelson J. Morten, republican, sow t—JohnGreen,democrat,newman. 2—Franklin Fbilbriek, republican, now ansa.1—John B Dmcher, republicaa, new man.* 3,8*1 2—Andrew K Chandler, democrat, new maa.2—Samuel J. Farman, republican, new man. aaia oocirrT.1—Stephen V. R. Watson, republican, new man. 2—Victor M. Ripe, republican, new mau, 8—Dexter Ewell, republican new man. 8—Berj. H. Long, democrat, new man. 4—Enoch B. Fry, democrat, new man. 4—Zebulon Ferris, republican, new maa.BBSKXCOCBTY. MartinFinch,republican,corruptloulst.Edwin L Meigs, democrat, new maa. KRAM'sUK coram'.William Andres, republican, new maa. Ffl.TJS A»I» HAM1LTOHCOOSTJSBDaniel Potter, den10c-at, new maa. James H. Burr, republican, new maa.GBJXSBK COl'STT.Jsaus G Sheperd, democrat, now man,George W. Wright, republican, new maa. GRweca coctrrr.Gilbert, Bedell, democrat,mem bar la 1325 and 1810. Ira Sherman, repuhlioan, new maa.Hsssman OOCSTT. 1—N. 8. Heof ersoa, democrat, new maa.1—Jobn Markell, republicaa, new man. .2—Eztkiei Spencer, democrat, new man. 2—Jos ah Shall, republican, new maa.< jtmnaaa conrrr.documents to his prejudice for that reason are now on 1—Benjamin Mason, Douglas democrat, new man.stock cattle of au energetic aad thriving neighbor, when uih the Cabinet. Be replied " Fat," sad Uxn turned over hit manuscript aad said he curses his fortune, and, relapeiog into his former in that be bad read every word of it to Presidentdifference, never beholds the new plough, the trenches to Buchanan; that the President had approved ofticularly marked as an able parliamentarian He likes 1—Thomas McElrath, republican, new man.hiscomfortandbissocialfriends,andWhyhescouldde- 1—andrewJ.Prooht,regu'ardemocrat,newman. Irrigatetbedryandthemanureforthepoorsoil,with ortwoverbalalterations,whichbepermittedhimtodo,1—Lewia 8. Payne, democrat, hew maa.6—John J. Shaw, republican, new man.9—Charles H. inhes, Breckinridge, new man, 9~-Johu Caffrey, Moztrt, new man.wsnjoratlo N. Sherwood, republican, new man.*navy docs not require marine officers in second class steamers, cor in stoops of-war; yet oy referrlag to tho navy register we find seventeen officers doing duty oa this class of vessels, In command of a few mea, whose in- struction, ir g ren to tbe recruits ashore, woulJ greatlypeople, I denounced it the rtry instant J heard ofiL (Tre- mendous scou '•* ot applause ) The very night the neios or rived at Chicage, bringing the form of submission of the slavery clause, I denounced it in tmmeasurtd terms. I de- nounced it before Iknrw what the course of any other man im America in relation to it would be (Cries of "Bravo," '•That's a man,' and applause ) I Old not wait one hour,or one minute when I discovered the tr.ck by which ibe people were to be cheated. (Cheers ) If TOOlook into1—DewlttC IJttlsJoba,1ewubltosn,awl1BJswBwsS,2 - L Chandler Bali, republican, newIrday ia that city to order to get the assent of asaator Douglas to Ik (Applause) Governor Walker than pro- ceeded to read that inaugural address, and when he got toI do act He «ndea 1—Jeremiah Emeriah, republican, old member.says that the negro boy who killed Mr. Davis, overseer nfV w (Vet* of Mut n'a*'. •'•as ca^t^'ol a f»v r!»vs»«W«|,to1•.«!en'!« •> .tl»'tt*>«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com*- V ».ur f!l»-lf. <Vmo«r*t r>w n)\iitlai •!» * vM" 