 NEWS FROM MEXICO.la generally pretty wet' understood that be willTht Rail •! Uwsvdalaja.rn IUU la Doabt— K.portsarethataMoodystruggletogoingoa seat theO v Great Salt Latte rtorrs*ps*^*see.GaaatSautLaoCm,Oct 1,1899. momentary absence from hto subject came over thsby ths admlnatrattoafi notlee that oae of theirD e a u a »f U e a w a l W a l l — a i - IM Agel* in Ilka Field, <fcc., 4M.city of Guadalajara, that taa liberals' are to possession of the suburbs of taa town already, aad that they are now, with soma 90,000 men, desperately Ighl- tng for tbe plaza, palace included, I suppose. I satspeaker, and he returned and delivered the most import- JJfcsfa*ofsores*fbnyVencsBM atOrasf **ff l *f2r S ant ttattetanysaada dming eonferesos,and ass whtohTU ApaMlenmd PrcfKeU freiicti-a the Abes** Op of seemed to make a deep Impression on the whole oongreTbe aaciab extraordnary arrived last night direct eeived from the oapltal; oonsequenUy most of the newi from the capital. It deas aot brag coafirmati a la full from there • mere ruaor It is said that Miremou tt of reports we have bad, bat tbe news Ml nevertheless ofFrom all accounts it has been the greatest Conferenceagain in the sold at the head of six corps d'ormi* The British en voy aad others of the foreign diplomatic bodywer« at JalapaOtm aUTAMOBM TOEMSPONDaXCI.ststaaaass, NOT 7,1849.rendered ; bat the besieged wars reduced to tbe last ex- tremity. and It was believed the city would soon tall into the hands of tbe oonstiiutl aallsto.Tha number of persons attending the Tabernacle and Bowery cMild not bo much toss, if snything, than 13 000 Ths streets surrounding ths Temple block wars oro wdalOrson seemedeluded that everybody knew dium of revetotionto first, hard, solid—the — * th—ey declare, that they was provided by our tore 'albert hat no change sboeia at have aver s o n for railroad purpaea It will be recof- mads th ths slave trade until the year l t s i Hew didCttap—/bit «/ «?aadoJa;ara-i>eata of General Woll- riiato Merc* of the Literal* Against (as i a a Army of Ssaitm Thcutsmi Mm—PeaceMM esse fwmonitpes sad Nvcoo Urn— Mexican Opinion 0/(Jaytasa a s s e t — , U S. A —OtXsrltems cf 2vrto*,«to A very important rumor baa reached this place viaMonterey to the effect that General Degollado has entered lata a personal contention with General Mlraaon for the pacinceiiuo of the nation oa oompromtse principles.intriguing for the PresidencyThe above alters are the latest aad most direct, sadwa consider them rsUable Neither at the n s o r t s wa have received by way of Havana, of taa capture of lbs city of Guadalajara, ar tbe raising of tbe siege, are there fere correct. Oar letters are al* J equally silent both as regards the reported death of Gea. Castillo aad las sprug'ng or a fatal mine upon the constitutionalistsA private letter from Vera Cruz says:—"It to reported that a new diplomatic movement a on foot. At all events Mr. MfiLaae to going up to Jalapa, where he Is to meet Wagner, the Prussian Minister; Mathews, the British,thousands more, who could not bear tbe speakers, pro no naded on tbe ten acre block. From the residents Ileirn that tbe present Conference exceeded aot only la nam bers, but In point of Interest and "the increase ot spirit," anything ever before witnessed and participated to by the oldest Mormon.THK MKBTING IN THS TABBRNACLB.The night precedu-g the Conference, lbs weather bad been exceedingly stormy, and tbe hasy light of the morning revealed tbe mountains eart and wast draped inibar; t* at-q, uiet ana role the country, as ererbe at the bead of hi* troops, sad away from taa where be a now, getting on badly enough.he may capital,OmrB o c ad s lT o c oBOCA DSL Toao, Sept SIIts a New Ortoena the lhto but , we s n to receipt of flies of sorry to learn they will get whipped If I am wrong «v% the stessahip TWMHM, froa Vent Ons, armedgation It referred to the call of Brigham Young to ths Smith'$ PrfkeonAbout the ammrwMm presidency of the Mormon church Brother Hyde rstarredStoxtoea paper* and despatches from oar eorrespondeeu la n r X o i parts of the republic Latest data* are to the 7ta last The eocosato from the Interior are itat «•***»•>•>>•••»• to arrtre at the trata. Itthat floaaalajara has aot yet fallen, not*riih-a having doubts oa tbe subject, I bops they will be quiak about It, sad certainly before Marquess (an exoeUeat cniefuin) arrival. If not, I fear that we—all of as bars In Mexico— eill be, by taa next mall, Just praoaaly where wa have been tor swveral j a m east, aad will remain for many «*»•* hence, uniu sometatng effective and positive shall be settled anon, at home or somewhere etas, "toOuNorthoMfa* Sbtrfa-TV Asjtws* tobs Lol tas swatsto ObB J%rflst>/rataFew**** Micht to the Pruuie*to the persons who had aspired to the presidency of thsSaints at the time of Joseph Smith's murder la Oarthage S.and stated that Ml February, IMS, after Brigham 1 iwtarted to the frontiers from big l i s t trip tobomberdmeet by taa liberals with meet the case," aad interfere eoeordiagiv.iof artillery, aad their oeonpattoe of To return to Vera Qras: I beg to "snoved every four days, snd the surveyorsworking their way down to the Attoatlc.•ioop-ofwar Brookljstonow lying ready to receive onboard. It wss oonfldeoUy expected that they wouldtheoutskirtsofthaciiy. StaneeeoouatoetatothaiGene rai Weil, who was anted by Castillo I* uaregettingsloogswimmingly; Indeed —appointed M muter of Foreign Affairs, and his son in law, Christ ot latter Day 8nbnto» Mi held oa the 0th of April never witnessed a congregation so evidently etoclrited bywe are now oa the best of terms Vtdeurri scared this oom- tn" bem and iradually diminishing towards the waist. aunlty into terms, and we have agreed to make a fair For evening dresses, light materials are most In re- dtvttion of resources with him, and also to repress all r» qmtt, such as tariatanes, nets, tnlle, illusion, crape, he.; aoUaaata who may My from ha State into this.neral and wholesale exhortation to keep the r eye single to the advancement ot the kingdom, he reviewed tbe la bors of tbe Saints tn the Territory since their arrival In 1847, and was setitfled that the band of God was visible in ail tbelr affairs; even tbe much abused army bad been tbe favor of tbe Lord, to clothe them and furnish them with the comforaof life—In the grocery and dry goods department thereofmenced his work in this country in the garden of Eden. [That to understood by the Mormons to be Jackson county. Missouri.—Rep.] But in the floating of Noth's ark, the Lord took Noah and his family to another land; and now He had brought back again Zion to thto continent, and would oonaummato hto work here and reign oyer Sis people. He wanted to prophesy good all tho time, In- stead of prophesying evil. He would not curse the peo-party had arrived at Fish creek, all in good health. Dr. Carolina ar.d Georgia. Let us aot Intermeddle (Si va.,The American community has been quite g) rifled latelyby a Litie escapade, in -be shape of a oorreapondenoe oo-twean the Gotemor of Tamaulipas and General aram-berrl, the revolutionary candidate for Govern irof Nuevo Leon. Aramberrl commissioned Cortina*, the jewels that of flowers- Lace flounces should have under bandit, as one of his officers, and General Garsa protest flounces of tarlaUne, or they arc ap'. to hang too heavily. ed, saying to Aramberrl that he was putting himself be-tween two fires—Viuaurri on one side and the Americans gant evening dress. It was made of wnite tarlatane, with on the other—sad particularly cautioning^hlm that if one seven narrow flounces reaching to the knee, and a Greique Captain George Stoneman found out that Corttnas was in ofaarrow gold braid on each A ceoond skirt descended ArnaabTri's camp, ne (stoaemsr.) would cross over theRio Grande and fol.ow him across the mountains, or hawould catch htm I reckon the Mexicans would find outyou have an extradition law tn Can Stoneman, against The body, decollete, was trimmed with narrow frills, which the Rio Grande * U not be much of a protection. like those on the skirt. With tha dress wss worn s goldThe baxdit Cajea, who committed such rascality in and pearl comb; and In a conronne of hair were placedChlhaehr i and afterwards fled to Duraugo, has met wita three {.old and pearl stars, the centre being much thereverses there from bis own crowd. He Is now a fugitive lartetl.grave; It Is bound with a narrow watered ribbon The pelerine, trimmed In the same way, to longer behind than in front The sleeve It ornamented with a trimming up the seam of ths sleeve, from the wrist to tbe elbow. The front of tbe mantle to closea by a paito, on which are placed two buttons.The side to maoe In velvet, without any other trimming than a little ruche placed at the edge, inside. The sleeve, In two pieces, forms two points, on whiah are paced twoCauquee and basqulnes are still worn by young ladles.Bonnets are worn large, advancing in the front and fsysntat the sides.Velvet seldom forms the whoie of a bonnet, but to gene- rally accompanied by tolle, lace, or erape The interior of the bonnet to very seldom all white, tbe top being gene- rally composed of bla;k lac \, flowers, or velvets. A chi- ooree ruche often forms s demt-guirlsnde. and his a very elegant effect. We have noticed several bonnets, a few of which we will attempt to describe.•No. 1. Black velvet. A white blonde, placed ruchee on the pssae, half severing tn Its folds little bunches of Belgal roses without leaves. A long black feather placed on the passe, and falling on the curtain.No. t A black silk bonnet, qnilmd (en loxanges) with white silk A velvet plaque, fuchsia color, was paced below, from Vera Crux the Tth, retched her wharf at aa on tne cniotte. and half of the passe trimmed with early tour yesserdsy afternoon She brings the follow blondes aud back lace. A jet ornament fas toned the vel-tag named pat sens.rt:— Mrs. Corwln, Mr. A Leon, T. vet plaque., Waaham. £. La Sore, T. Napier, L T. Hilar, R. No. S. Velvet bonnet, violetta de Parme. The passesuch men as he aoes. They take it tn good part, wince of tbe Lord, and no power could binder It—no, not all theNSWgrAFKB ACCOUNTS.(From the New Orleans Picayune, Mor. 11 ]cross the Pains, aad that had been ruinous. Toey had PresldenU Heber C. Kimball and Daniel H. Wells, andmade- by me, and I continue cxracts from the- debate* a II e F;''«-ral Convention:—The steamship Tennessee, Gapt. Forbea, before reportedproposed to send teams from here every spring to bring occupied tbe afternoon In general Instruction, testimony'Hr GtRxr, of tSassaonueetto n>o«-1 to reonoilder am will not allow tha barefaced attempt to crush a for- ew> 19 viz:— 'On erip'toaUcn oi two-thirds Df ihoM**ei •1 tour in the steerageThe Tennessee had a pleasant passage up, with a stringwad to the early part of tbe voyage, wh«a to a gentle norther as the ship approached thepassementerie, terminating tn glands Ptotn curtain. hvening headdresses, of whatever they may bo com- posed, tnvambly have the diademe form Ha!' wreatnssaw nothing to hinder sending to the Missouri river every ttoe, and thus ended the most important day evor seen In spring some hundreds ot wagons to bring along tue emi Mormondom.Rat road are now using every effort, through tbe press and otherwise, to lhro» obstace* ia the way of the Chlrt qui route: but thts very opposition, Intensified to tbe ut- most, a the strongest proofof us value Tbe commander or the Cbtriqul com mist ion made tbe remark tbe .aher day, that to have better baroors than t h a e of Uhn-iqul It would be necessary to make a new world. and that he expected to bear tbe whistle of the locomotive on that line to three years irom nowIf a heaitby competition or two rival routes errors the isthmus were once established, toe freight and passenger business would Increase with unexampled rapidity, whereas commerce now anguishes under the high price* of one nronopily Do the people In the Uriled States understand th tt the tare on the Panama read, for a distance of forty'seven mllet, is twenty five dollar*? and it is pretty ol»arly es- tablished that there rate' *nl never be permanently re dcoel before tbe construction or another railroadThe Called States steamer Powhatan, Cant Pendergast,Babtoa,Capt Adams, and the snio Supply, Capt Valker; rtvihich the article* rotating to slaves might be alf"?"??.^"** • SM#rcur* and taa Spanish steamersthe States n>t arretted la that property. aud prejoo. to*s|Carolira. jix.'th Carol«ca, Georgia—A.se. Duiaware— !*| N«w Hampshire, du tdedTnete extracts atd votes prove my fourth propos^uj or rtavemect, am iba*. after Maesacfioacta had tr^jowj and voted for the section to e»iat»d the tms for imp*] tuuen of Slavic, rbe a!ao cued for the recons:i turn of the article upon the mode o f emend .ug i»l sccsUtutjoa, and toted for the clause that ametdmett to be made should eff.-ct tn10 t ftra^On? ^~mw,a JB**00*• «•»**, were «te*aiL«t It" In otter toohtitu that objection, words were add<wi to the propoemw—'i'lot ided ^ V ^ amendment ahich trav oe ms,oe prior to tw >e*r t*1! tbaii In any manrer »fl>t the fourth aad fifth ssciws U.r seventh article " tw, thu, «nicn pataed is the *••'''' five, tbe vrte «t/-od »fc-R—Ve«aa<-ijt:sett*, WorecticsJ N-.-w Jersey, Per n**ivatia. Mar)iai.a, Virgin*, MafSJexpected at Vera Cruz" ""** Van* Cars, ROT. T, 1800Should this style of headdress be made for an un married lady or > ooog girl, the qntilei are replaced by gcid aad the feathers by barbes of blonde Nets are no longer teen, except for neglige; they are then generally aoctmpacied by two bows of velvet—one with long ends, placed high at the side another, more en toufio. at one side of tbe back. These bows may be replaoed by flowers. In this case the net, thus accompanied, may bo worn as a'aabears on Its face its absurdity —a river m Central kmertoa,wi .h a bar of bnt eleven feet of water, navigable forthirtymiiesforlargeoceansteamerslPooh'.Aadthenfrom tbe head of navigation a road to be built for one bua Mr. Henry Ra^Ttonf—the Orel In my speech st RTCSWJMothttgaew hastranspirednearoratthe atot, Gwadadajara, except that reliable pertionstor*movetotheadjacentsetUemeats. to sntwer questions as to his former bistoty.Herefusesourroue,muigLord,"andE:derJosephYcung,ihoPresl^farfrom22,000. Thtoa, perhaps,unexampled to the htfttory of any other State The same ratio cf increase wouldgivethestatetn18T0,notfarfrom140000voters and not lets than 1 000,000 of population.* Pain Futs PaiARTMSWT m RiCKuonn —TheCity Coun- cil* of Biohtwond, Va, have paaed a bill to reorganise the lire Department upon a paid tystem, aad to employ a limited number of steam engines in cocneciios wtih the old bttiO machines The Department a to consist of aprincipal eogloeer, four commanders, four foremen and Mvent) two (ir,men; also one engineer, on* fl-eman aad oee botUer, with one steam fire engine, three hand en a-inea, oi.e hook and leader truck, reels, hose end other epfS'atue- sltaoctd.dred and twentyone miles. No mention a male of any harbor at its termini. 1 think tbe originator of thisbadbettertrya*am.Thomas Francis Meagher, Esq , the Agent of the Cbtriqul Railroad, came passenger in the Ariel, and left on tho Steamer Guatemala, on the 14h Inst , for Costa RicaWhilst I am writing this 1 can see froa my window the Brooklyn, Rarer and other vessels plunging their cai heads under tn the baroor Toe vni»h W<*t Indian mail steamer Dirwenl arrived IbU morning,bat has m>t lieen able to rxtme tn her wharf or land h*r p*«*»og*r<<. In consequence of the heavy swell, and o»mmunicat,vu with tbeshippln* by boats to cat off So muoh 1>r tb* port of Asptcwell, and at Panama th* vttueta are nowly wg five miles from the town, using lighter*.The Aspinwall oorretpondeDt of the New York Times rx.Ur,andthetostInthltletter.Ileavethewholeeubjedj tbtoe tpeerbe* to tne judgment of an mtelligeiit ps>*J Ins?bepermttedtooeerve,however, thatIbav*-M bad1 an opportunity of correcting the reports wbicb • £ made of tbem- and ttere are errors of styleas•>**_ n—ct in tbe reports which I should have been g**'bii» e corrected n_-ti*#hmkthepacehasbeantaken,butfrars by acta watt wMaars of tha liberal causedent of all the Seventies, ottered , * « £ . Ante,OOkwurnsZlon,Choir sans •_ ^^-Vi-greatly pleased, made quick tracks for home, to be in time for a good seat at theAFTKSMOON SESSION. The choir sang:—Come, all ye Saints who dweU on earth, Your cheerful votoes raise, ho.Prayer ottered by Elder Orson By de, the President of the Twelve Apostles, and another invitation from the choir toCome ye that love the Lord,for the Gospel beyond everything In tbe world he conclud- ed hto very remarkable address, and the choir Sang,Come, listen to a Prophet's voice,And hear the Word of God; And in the way of truth rejoice,And sing for joy aloud.OBOSUB—We've found the way the Prophets wentWho Hv'd In days of j ore; Another Prophet now is sent Tha knowledge to restore.Benediction by Elder George A. Smith, and we went totain Lyons to person visited the encampment and tents of the shore party, and seemed to take the greatest in- terest in the enterprise; tbe Racer left for ASptnwall at the same time as the Brooklyn, and a now lying in tha port Mr. Ambrose Thompson arrived here in tha Brooklyn, but remains quietly on board at her anchorage, having been but twice ashore; he ha* many friends here and in Panama, and tbe result of the enterprise withwhich he is connected to looked forward to with great Interest.numbered 8. It proves that the propoi'.i.oo tor " pre- btbttioa" of the " importation of stoves cams " fma Marvland, and was warmly supported on moral grounds br Vtrgtna, aid that Ooeaectwut trametiatetr pros'iaoe »d,"Let every State import what it pteaeet," walls Maae:actute'to ably tecouaed Cocnest.cut. that 11was*°a be ooneidered I* a political ligbt only," aad at oaoe sag gested the exemption of l i p rwi Slaves from diiT, be*- e«er, "struck th« commercial sagacity" of ths N>rtb 8* n ace It a subject or trade, not f«w mu/ai *pecilaii<we Ttore etlra-ts and votes a»ro pt>-e that wiet. tbe con ' mittee reported the year lot* as tbe perioo withrs wfeiO tbe trade should not be prohibited, Mat*achcse.l* prosv*- '» aeconfed and voted with rtocth <laroiitia ia a sjocatstilMr -aba, Minister of Hactenon, or Treasury, which Islbs statement ot a fellow mortal as that arg* audtoaoe was «B Sunday morning last It wss sstooksa far.AS yet we have here nothing decisive from Guadalajara If we were to believe letters from Guanajuato of the 26U, tbe beileted city was taken on tbe ttd, bat nothing of athat time mtosiooaries are appointed here to go to ail the nations, and in a few days afterwards they arses rant*.~ —*— * —"*, that to them selves. The public oan think of It what they missi eatisted that every Mormon MiMMBoweryit, and just as soon as the sermon goes abroad—bere to learn what faith to; but as tt to theirI have nothing to say. Is short, Urn Item saw •*•••••. i, though sot like y to bs believed by aaybedy bat Mor moo«, toby far the most lmoortant statement eve - mMormoncom since the death of Joseph Smith, aadtt stay not eostrtbuto more than ths present conIn Brigham bore, it will unquestionably be a severs blowaon has left the caDitai at tne head of six corp* i'arwies, bat hi what direction Mi aot statedFrom fneba It is 11*004 that a body of annas 1,000 aea, or more, wbim left that otty on the 2d for the cap!have suggested ths appointment of the Sail mission aries tarty tat September; to that tht Ootobsr cos ferenoe, thus freed frost ths mtottonary business, beOl course nothing definite to yetrellroadsurvey. Bofarastheeverything to satlsntctory; ths natural grades found, al-though heavy, are set sufficiently ss to prevent ths cos 1 orted stoves from Afrtoa. Virgtato wished to enpprtathe bouillonnees, or narrow flounces, are the usual trim- mings The latter are generally set on very full, and fluted.Evans speaks highly of the route, he having crossed his geological explorations.It Inp. 1381) vMr. Kma (Mass ) thought the subject should be cossid. red tn a pontics, light only • * • • He r*-|For married ladies so simple a style of dress to, of course, not net;c»*ary. Lace takes the place of tulle, andAs always happens at first, alteration* bad to be madetn the projected line. It was not found practicable touse the Oaldera canon entirely around the Boquete moun-tain; the grades, after going some distance up, weretoo heavy, and the spurs and mountains jet- subject to be committed, inJudmg the caute on unixiraThese things may form a bargain among tho Southern sat ting down to the river eido made almost Northern States ,3d vol , p. 1,30* )a cvl de sac; but using the lower part of the canon, the The matter was conuuitied The committee made aWe remarked the other evening a very tasteful and ele-Saints were now situated. They had been driven, bat ttflourish for a 11'.tie, but the doom of the wicked was oer-Mr. GOUTXKHXTJB KOBJUS ( P e t , n ) visbod tne what*to the top of the flounces, and was richly embroidoreil In gold braid, a Grecque, wide at the bottom and very ner row at the waist, being embroidered on each breadth.referred to the nations that hut been, and so tbe nations that now are will pass away, and God would reign on the earth Notwithstanding the chastisement which he had given the people here, he was glad to bear testimony that they were programing, and all that was now going on was jost like grinding the clay to make It vessels of honor. There were kingdoms enough for them all, but before they inherited them they had to purify them-port in substance as the section now stands in the oosstl the' right, and, driving through tbe summit by a ehort tut ion, executing that the committee reported a favor sfNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY,^OVEMBER^jmfrom bis own robbing crew, and they are after htm be The paletot and the burnous are reproduced with verycause be did aot divide the plunder fairly. It tt to be slight variation* They are made of velvet, cloth, taf ter tban send to the church store the worst produce and then referred to the testimony or Orson Hydo about theThe idea of there being sny i npracticablllty tn building mischief that can be apprehended from the liberty U laa railroad acre** the Isthmus of Cfairiqu to ridiculed by portaUvesOn tbe motion, wbich passed oc tbe affirmative, Nethoped he will be caught and hanged.the troops belonging to this state have all been orderedto Tampico to uk» the line of march, under Gen. Garcia, for the Interiorfctos, antique, &o They are often trimmed with a new style of lace which has maoe its appearance, and to calle 1 llama race, and with mscsrofi buttons Passementerie to a favorlie ornamentstock, and keep the best for their own purposes and ac- manifestation at Pottowattomie, conorming what hadcommodation. He must have made the ears of the guilty been said, and told them that he knew for years before to tingle when he specs of some "shading" the fat what was right in tha matter, but be bad not opened htochickens, keeping the fat and well favored cows, good lips on the subject. He exhorted them to fathfmaets, steeds, and sending to him the meagre, the crlnpled, the and told them that tbe yoke was bronco and the fellerstoothless and the "tltheless." After all, Brlgham,thougnt were burst. This was the land of Zion, and thsy had to them good boys, and believed that tbev would do right cleanse It, snd man would never realise the benefits ofnow.seeingthattheyhadbeenreprovedand badgotsuch Zion unless he was pure in heart aad pure la all hto a mild hint about the what that had been aad the what that actions. He spoke of the centre staka of Zion, gall It was sure to come if they did not toe the scratch. Won- was In Jackson county, Missouri, and told them that thethe engineers; much harder work to constantly accom- plished In the Unltod States, and It to certainly easier and far cheaper, they say, to build nine miles of easy moan- tain work than to build over an unhealthy aad fathomless swamp, ss did the Panama Railroad.Lieut. Morton snd the rest of the surveying party are ex- pected to arrive at Eton creek before the return of the Brooklyn.Her Britannic Majesty's steam corvette Racer, Cap- tain Lyons, arrived at the Cbtriqni lagoon on the 1Mb Inst.; the British officers had evidently been sent for theHampshire, Connecticut, slasaachuseta aad three ouaj State*, aye. New jersey, Pennsylvana, Delaware a Virginia, no. (3d vol., p. 1,427 )The- first part of ths report was then agreed to amended, as lotiows— The migration or lmpnrtatio*n e b persons as tbe several Steles now exating ah think proper to a^imit shall not be orobibilMi ^nor tbu year 18C8 New Hampshire, Massaohusetu Cat! nt-olicut, Maryland, North Carolina, Sooth Carodna, Geor- gu,aye— 7 New Jersey, Penaeylvauia, Deaware, X* glna, no—4. (fit vol , pp. 1 428 ana 1,429 )The shove extracts ot optniuu of feeding Northers de- legate*, and the shove cited votes of Massecauaeia,The liberal forces, since tbe fall of Gueialajara. can We have teen some Iarre cloaks, confined at the waisttake up the line of march, 18,000 strong, for the city of Mexico, and we may aoon expect to hear that the contort baa narrowed down to a fight ar rond the citv of Mexico. The reaction law have no respectable foothold now outside«f the capital.Tbe Indians are again troubling the peopls of NuevoLeon Bi-veral ranches have been robbed and many per — i carried offOLTt KIO GRANDS CORRB8PONDSXCS. Bsowssvius, Nov. 7, I860Foiihct— Br<*^r**ioV€ anfe Lane—Health flood— DistrictOomrt—Beporud Shootmg of Cortina* by Governor etoewri,*Tbe election psssed off tome sad stupid. The Mexi-cans came up aad voted aa nasss for Breckinridge aad Lane. Tbe county bat gone that complexion by a large majority. Texas is In the same fix.The siekaess which prevailed here so extensively about four weeks ago has a most entirely disappeared.The District Court commences Its session next Monday, under Judge Dervine, of ths San Antonio district, with a full docketA report to current that Fldaurrl has caught Corttnas aad bad him shot.with large plaits; a small pelerine falls a little below the shoulders Some mantles are loose la front and fitting behind, others fall m plaits from the shoulders behind and lit to the figure In front.dressed above these headdresses st the back. Gold and Captain Joseph W. Young, who hafl just retumodtime, and very unexpected, and still more very much un- wanted, Indian Agent Sogers reappeared from the E a t . From accompanying correspondence you will notice that the Char Justice has received a very cordial welcome to htorr Ins, said "he never cau'd a*vee to g ve a P•j**' efJ ,1fre* WIcombs, with banging drops, either in gold, coral, or pearls, arevery distaguefrom the ex pertinent U trip, confirmed what bad been said and warmly recommended tne s e w movement Hescetorth an ox in Ctah to to be a valuable machineirejadiSttlMany coiffures de bsl are made of black velvet, en dia-" ? a^f? **Ii* ***** rnwnee mired for Tampico deme. On the point is front to paced a star or crescent of and somewhat Dear a thousand of them will be marched former official "stamping ground." From a rather plainmw, «-, ^ . andtmtaad she a charged with a speoal mAtion to refer, ace to such portions of the spec a eoadaeta totely seised by Gen. Degollado as belonged to American citixeas. *Tbe Britah steamer Valorous, Capt Aldham. was dallvI1TEEMTIIO MWS *B0« UTAH.vand reflect over the picture he came to testimony. Be knew that Mormonism was of Divine orlgtn, tha* it was tree, that it was destined to triumph AS they ••were surrounded by poitttoal speeches" bs was a Itttto disposed to make hto political speech Bomethtng like aTIE Cimim .URfEYLMi EIPKDtTtM.hto intention of mak lag "war to ths knife" sa tot 1 protectCan you teil a* what to the cease st ths MSaSSSSS waysexaibtad by to to journal to the Oairiqal route. Indeed, to every ecttrprtoe whtoh has bass SksaStorroffrmoftkt WorkSeoert Wemthjr-PecuUmr Adapt* safasy»/amsaw fir Maflresd Pwrpum Cowl(ton—Chtrtow* as • Harbor—Mr Tkmmmm'i and Lahon-HeaUh of the Pmrtv-AMistMke.deBy tha arrival •( Mrwe have sews of tha Chirto,ui surveying party. **• Thompson left the mala body of the party StwSSStod totc, of the Mormon Church tomer Hd at RaH-The Death this Territory with the pioneers, tT * r» the valley of the Oaldera, seven days ago. At that timehim to ..11 Atpu-anU for that Bmm^BHaham Boon bled is the blufls at Pottowattomie they were piufiJSSltog most favorably-the and while there "the voice of God spoke to18th Inst, by whtoh the track was California mails and pesseageiUm*>*DmmO* i^sfs^JhtsreaMsM *****»-&€» Smion- the heavens, bearing tettimony that Bis servant Brigham Hm Mm—M Ummmmm U Bmm* mi mj***t*^ Young should step forward aad receive the full power of lbs Anniversary Conferenceof ths M Charohof Jssas ths presiding power of thto church sad kingdom." Iby the breaking of as axtotres of toeMr. Yauhosw sta* Bis TO THS BDITOfi OF SMSMowvoosrsBT, a h , Nov f, ISM) Btaee my return home ay ataattoa ha* bean called toaa editorial arttole to the New York nwa ofOotoewM haded, "Mr. Yaaoey oa Matters of Faet-The North tsd » The article purports to b* a reply isto a y speeches to New Y>rk and Bootes. will be found to thefbiiowtog quete-In sty speech is New York 1that trade, but Msssaramatt* and other ' .miction ef the road, or eras to pnssst ssy to be earrtod an. '(Laughter.) Maihere, aad wherever ths dtaoipiea of lbs saw sblttt are Ur-Vsaa Cans, New.«, IMO. tog under any organisation of ".the priesthood." At During twelve years the chiefs nave kept that to bull had toft the party oa the ltth last.,of a portion of the defeaoes, has been killed.It will be remeabered, who captured Gen. Crage ThisUtter, it to sale, was often* his liberty by Castillo oaoertain tarsal, bat refused any bat aa unconditional liberatios, aad la, therefore, stlU la taa hands of hit captors. reliable coaracier has yet come to band from the eoeae of lbs semi annual conference Mlbald oa the sib of October, moa in tbe world wtll believe it. ltrequire-reach the shore in about twenty days morsB e l tThe Progreao published a bailetta string taa ear* latest news at taa moment the steamship Teeuessee was abont Icavag, aad statist, am aget other things, that Marques, who bad awaked la the relief of Guaaalajara, bad re-treated.taa fro* d Union,tt Vera Crux, baa been retired.of November 6 says that.froa, ao mails or oorrespoadeaoe had been re-^^se^awiuv« v u eja av"^^* saaSerwwftconflict itself m - . _ * « . bat the early fall or snow In ths mountains, and the From the city or Mexico we have Intelligence that Mira- geaeral anticlpatioa of cold and stormy wsathary^ —^ ^^—tal, had proaoaaesd aad fans over to tbe oontiltutlonalcausa This aad other equally significant eventt, would comes a very important epoch for general business and to bis rivals in the East, and rairly smash up the use or-Our feremlhsti were sot ssiy eavasalasrs, but ua-ganisation of young Joseph smith.FoU .wing into, the apostle gave some heavy hitting to•'spoatates" sad to he had neter mentioned ths canned tor Brigham that pie aad receivedBStonoe, hut came before the people aad received circumstancethat Brigham wss ths me-ReportedOuafiiiaia Bsbasas DogoUomo sad Mtramm- meeting of prominent citiseo* aad been called, at whinh a claimed to have received about tbe time af }f«J»«** committee was eppotntei to taaa tbe matter into consi- Ths large Bowery was packed full to its utmost capacity, Carolina rebellion. I have been hunting for it for twoseem to Indicate a change of pasta sealtmant oa ths table tall preaching Of thto wa bars had an interesting VSSACarjx,Nov.7,1800. abundance:tattheConferencethathasJustterminatei--asptraatsforleadership,andobstacle to It; in fact, tney are regarded by the engineersas a great advantage, for by them the oounlry * so tho-taerStatestastotedthatthesitve sotat prohibited by say sot af Congress, aad resisted a l aV iempa to prohibt.lt until the aet of Congress of ISMever held tn Mormondomconsiderable Importance. Guadalajara has not yet sur- continued over yesterday sad terminated to-day at noonIt commenced Matt Saturday,roughly drained by the steep water courses eoxsariaeBtthereto, that the ground, even at thto i of tbe year, ass passed; for, by aa arttoto of tbe orasiliuttoa, whenFrom Mexico It to stated that Miramon was ooovtsoedthat aOaira could not go on thus much longer, sad was wittt wagons, carriages, horses, mules and oxen, some of tell as that Joseph Smith's profmecy wss ^ f ^ f * TM * ; disposed to give up taa command. With this object a the latter even sporting California saddles and bridles. filled He referred to some revetotion •*•* ' « " t *Plmfor a General Pemce-Oppositionio it imtheLiberal deration. In thto connection It Ml stated that Robles Ml thousands bung around os ths sides of the enclosure, anddays, but have not been able to put my hand «?«.»• Thesuosanoeof It, as stated by the speahm.WsS ttttt the South Carolina nalllfloatton business was the estorlaf wedge into tbe Dnim: that the day would come when the North and South would go to war; that the niggers would he marshalled against their ntasters; that tbe South would have to call upon Great Britain for assistance, aad she. by-the by, wss to need assistance herself from some- body else—til the same: the dissolution wss to commence by operations in South Carolina. By a very facetoes turn and Interpretation, the apostle referred to the Charleston Convention ant the breaking up of the democratic party. Carpenter Joseph had to take a mole trip to Egypt to fulMet cans know no value of time, and there ore they and Pacheoo, the 8 wan tab." Tbe retirement of thegenerally oalt tht dale la their communications, aad I BrlttRh repreteaUtlve I* permanent, aad a portion of the tha weather and tbe "bad roads," tbe faithful amn of Egypt have I celled my son"—and it was near enough to be of the finest qualityass therefore unable to say when that treaty took place, legation came r>a by the Tanaessee, homeward bound. straggling la from every part of the Territory, and loug to suppose that the democrats, by an tavttibto sgwaoy, The harbor surveys on the Atlantic side have alsoIn his letter demanding his paaspoi a moreover, Mr. before the appointed hour for opening they swarmed had been pushed on to Charleston "to fulfil theIt tt erer did; but tt reaches me through private sources Mathews aavs that "tbe government of bar Majesty will about tha Tabernac e doers prophesy." The church being tbe rock of salva- completed, and tbe bydrogrsphers have concurred withaad tt la also publish*i, without contradiction, la the not consent to a renewal of her relations with Mexico, as On tbe stand of the First Presidency were Presidents tion—aa old Cathotleiam—and a prediction being to the British Admiralty reports tn thto, that there does aot the eonttonanoe of the stove trade, and wa are sorry ttVficial Mstsa of Monterey.The terms of the compromise are not given in detail,bat I am told that they provide lor the maintenance of the present mat* quo by both parties, aa far as eaoh may consider tt areeaaary to preserve tu organisation; that anational Congress is to be called together; ttat all mat- tars In dispute are to be settled la Oongreas, aad that aa olvilixed nation, until It sees an order of things estab- Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and Daniel H. Wells. the effect that- "whosoever shall fell on thto exist on the whole eastern coast of America a more soav my that thto to the only truth contained to ths state- lished thereto which promises a stable government or a Of the Twelve Apostles—Orson Hyde, WUford Woodruff, stone shall be broken to plecei," to. The demo modtousaad sale harbor or one of easier aad better de- ment.sitionIf Genera! Degollado has committed any sash folly asgrounds, with small benches of flowers, aad a asw aa terlai called Turin velvet, a perfect imitation of tarry velvet, but composed of silk sad wool.that attributed to him la the above report, he may bsvery properly considered the curse of Mexico He is always doing sometateg a the wrong time and plane, aad full, aad the bodies generally have tight sleeves.aever at* i s ooaasait a greater errjr thta la giving Mira Tbe cortege a plastron a vary elegantly worn, aad to4. No change war to be made to the slave trade pren pricked and chased by bayonets, aad no mercy the quickest time ever made, even by Indians—two days ek* in the constitution prior to the year 1806.In connectkm with the above I understand that Gene antiques aud satins eeem at present the fa -orite wear foraonal influence. A stranger reading htosermons would become the bead or the corner, and the agent whom the up little old Spanish town. The inhabitants, in great be very act to put him down among a certain sate Lord would appoint would rule in righteousness. Hto tribulation, demanded from the Prefect an investigation, gory of men to be seldom or never listened to; bnt testimony was true and be warned all men to give heed but when he deetored tbey were very good "cebaBeros,"provisional arrangement looking to the same result "In the mean time Mr. Mathews will oontlnue to reside atJalapa,f a s h i o n * far November . (From Le Follet. ]Various novelties in material have been prepared for the forthoomlat season We notice, also, a few of lastJohn Tayior, George a. Smith, Esra T. Benson, Lorenso Snow and Franklin D Richards. Of the First Presidencycrato bad fallen on the stone; they had sent the trmy here, and had purposed breaking tbem up here; but tbe prediction was being verified, and the democrat*fined entrance than that of Chirjqui.The surveys on the Pacific side have hot yet been heardfrom, ani probably will not be before tbe end of October.Tbe editor then proceeds to give garbled extracufres the debates hi the Federal Convention, aad adds his swt weak attempts at argument to sustain hto sweeping a sertion. At the point made by me a one of some impart- sane la the present aspect of political again, I ask to* use of your almost universally nad column* 11spread ay reply before the public. Analyse my statements sat they will be found to ootaat of the following pou.li ~1. Tbe slave trade existed when the Declaration af a dependence was made2. Virginia desire l to have thai trade suppressed8. "Massachusetts sad other States wished ft to be ear riedon."Thtse fabrtos are wade with pain skirts, butfrom some accident to one of bis limbs He was. there meat The nation was broken to pieces, and one touch fore, brim full of good feeling and anecdote. After a ge would scatter it to the four winds. Tne Lord com-hydrographers on the Pacific side would be through with their work.A portion of the surveytrg party and also Dr. Evans»miiuent Brigham Young expressed himself very ple; the curse of the Almighty was upon them already, thankful for the prosperous circumstances in which the and it would not number on their track They mightevery other Import wsa subje'-ted i«; It, as an inequality ttat could aot fail to strike tbe c^mmeruai sagacity eft the Northern and Middle States. (Si vol , p. 1.2M)was for the last time, thank God. The fjaints were now tain. The kingdom of God would stand forever, and thewhere the Lord wanted them to be, and that nation or people that persecuted tt would be broken—was both joy and consolation. He tapered offha oration with a stretgfitforward dig st the bishops,who might have been rather free with the tithing Brig-bam has a wonderful facility for finding out things, andprobably hto extensive knowledge of human nature supplies the interceases He thought some of tho bishopswere no better than they ought to be; and as it was hapace to reveal s'oreis on the housetops, bs gave them tounderstand that he wss on their track, and they mightexpect some day a terrible expose ir they did not do bet- selves and pay their debts snd obligations. BrighamA sew cloak baa made Its appeartnoe, called the Land- derful man, Brigham. No other man dares to •peak to saints would j e t be gathered there and ouild the Templeunder tt at the time, bnt once that the chastisement is over, they are more devoted, if possible, than before.devils in hell He said that fast was so riveted in the minds of tbe saints, that If he were to try and persuade them to the contrary they would not believe him, nor would they believe anybody else who would say to thetheir election relying oa sea jmaSSB saa /ML Brother i seemed to think that he bad said enough, and OSS-wss bay aad tha reach of Osagrsaaatal amendnant, ai n nnwourfiosT or fas saio*.Orson returned to bis political speech aad wastedItotooted that whoa ths surrey of tbhe Bondares route was made the eagiseats of that road wars pie rented fi running tbelr lines by the overflowing of the great pains around Conayagua iHeavy grades on an uthmus road have never been considered, by those com potent to judge, as a dre waack, but euMa the contrary, provided the ground be suM- cientty firm to bear the weight of hoary locomotives, which in this case it most decidedly to All the curves are aha of grsst iwniss-asothar matter of sassl Ms- portanos.The Brooklyn remains healthy. There have been one or two casts of intermittent fever, whtoh to oat to be wondered at considering the season of the year; but these eases hare readily yielded to the tostquinineTne coal explorations under Dr Evans have crowned with tbe most signal suaosas. Coal has bees found in great abundance and of tbe fine tt kind Dr. Evans opened several eeami I thoroughly tasted thathat sound with the modern theorisa as to the f an irrepressible conflicts (Applause.)In my speech at Boston I said -Well, thea, your fathers, a demanding that the trade, which existed when tha Daaatatteaefle, should be coattoaea; to demssdmg that of slavery, which existed *have a wioerleg that stoves should bemanding that they should have the privilege of teedaita thea,of buying tnem and selling thea to oar aoasa 4 ask you BOW candidly, did they not, in demanding all taa. demand of tat ir posterity perfect good faith tothe title to that property? ("Not" "Test")The editor of the rwaet atserto that "them orator Is either varysnow Notwithstanding the general unpleasantness of fit the prophecy ooneernmg the babe of Bethlehem—"Out coals taken from tbem. and they have been pronouncedof Beventtoe—Joseph Young, Levi W. Hancock, Henry were split up, broken and divided. He did not handle Mr Thompson left the oamp of tbe survey tog pattyHerrlman, Zera Pulsipher, Albert P lockwood aad the subject lute Douglas, Bell or Breckinridge. He looked alone tor the purpose of procuring provisions from theHorace S Eldredge. Ot the High Prlesa-John Young, Edwa D Woolley and ttomuel W. RtohardS Of the Pre sideoey of the Stake—David Fullmer aad George B. Wal-at it with tbe spirit of revetotion, and though their enemies did not know what they were doing, the Lord knew tnem, aad would handle them for ha own pur-Brooklyn and eetabluh ng a depot and camp at Las Tree Brachlos On the second day be wss joined by an In diss named Ysabel, whom he describes as the greatestaew President Is to be chosen by that body or by the year's goods with now faces, by tbe difference in pattern lace Patriarchs—John Smith, John YjStog sad Isaac poses He took a dig at the merchants and speculators scamp be has yet seen; they attempted to out their ownMorleyThe Conference opened by the choir singing:—The morning breaks, the shadows flee, Lot Zwn'8 standard is unfurl'dlThe dawning of a brighter day Majestic rises on tbe world.Prayer was offered by Exra T. Benson, one of the twelve apostles, aad the choir sang—"I'd praise my Maker while I've breath," &otion which the New Yonx H a u l s spree is so plentifully taffeta* antique made to thto style Tbe plastron was of tachment to men, and very frequently the men make the Almighty did not speak by His mouth. A great and tor * blob, tt to hoped, will greatly conduce to the health aad editor of tbe Tune* to be judged of by the public laieui- before the public yon and your reader* can take a survey black velvet, richly worked with jet beads. The sieeve Impreieion when the facis themselves have failed to car- riba day awaited tbe nation, and a time would come comfort of tbe surveying party. It a a matter of geae- genee as to tbe first ttatem> nt made by me; but as f baa of the field, aad one look alone a sufficient to inform you was tight. At the top of the arm was a full puff, cross- ry either character or weight to the hearers. Each when the present class of aapiranU for Presidency ral surprise how be can stand the.constant fatigue and before me tbe "Debates tn tne federal Conventus," frau that Miramon must rail, and that the liberals must sue barred with black velvet. la each diamond formed by speaker, conscious of tits fact, Is, therefore, apt to con would have to stand afar off, and never dare to assume exposure, and it certainly speaks well for Ohiri jut. which he has made his quotations, I will simply refer nia oeed Kthey hold out with their present army, aad with the trimming was a small jet hanging ornament The fine blmtelf rigidly to the sphere that he thinks the con tbe reins of government. Trouble greater than they By vessels lately arrived here from AapinwaU, we to the fid vol , Macaou papers, p 1,30*, on wnica wispopular vole, aa may be agreed upon hereafter. and general character We may mention, among otoers, The r mor further reports that Generals Ikiblado aad the popiine de toihe, la tors* ptolda, or spotted with pa- Ortega, of the liberal army, violently deaoonoed the tits pots; the reps, with wide stripes do en war.Is—gre*a traneeotioo ehen apprised of it, sad that they threatened aad back, or violet sad black, are the most elegant co- to break It off by aa Instant attack upon Miramon* po- lors for this materia)—printed foulards de lalne, la darkwoo bad come out here to assist In the overthrow of pith down to tbe Atactic, but the Indian broke down,Mormooam; but they were also realising ths general and Mr Thompson not only became sick with the ferer, breaking up operation. He had no apologue to make for but got tost and out of provisions. After great difficultybis breaking up discourse; It was all true and would be he found his way oat of the forests to the plains,fulfilled. God bad deetgued the triumph of the work, walked thirty miles to a settlement, and leftand no power could hinder it. "Still there was another tbe same day, although still suffering fromthing " Their enemies had driven them out here—made fever, on Suotber attempt to reach the tbem cross the ttasiastppt pretty lively They were Atlantic, in whtoh he wss completely successful, stakingthe forenoon's exercises were divided between the shown to them. If the Almighty did not yet and a few hours from tbe plains on the Pacific to the These are the on'y matters stated sa facta, aad to* brothers Heber C. Kimball, Geo A Smith and Brigham deck of the Brooklyn—where he arrived In such miser- trmhof each and all, exoepttog that numbered twe.S moa trash time to recover (rem his disasters. Ama mat- very becoming to tome figures It a applicable to almost Young. In Mormondom, more than among other religious make their enemies fly as quick, with as able trim that he was with difficulty reoognaed by her unqualifiedly cti i< d by the editor of the New York flea. tar of coarse, from your position, and with the informa- all materato. We noticed a vary elegant dress of violet bodies with which I am acquainted, there a a great at little mercy as they bad shown to tne Mormons, the eencers. He leaves to-morrow to establish the camp, I u tghl aflorl to leave tbe ignorance or mendacity of tHsnob Generals as Ortega and Doblado to command them, skirt wss entirely without ornament, excepting at the munlty has accorded to him Brother Heber, from being could cope with would make them tremble aad stand learn that that port still continues very sickly.they have the advantage in every respect; sad it would pockets. One on eaoh side was defined by black velvet, first roui s llor lo Brie nam, says what he minks proper, awed and confused. Thunders and lightning greater Two of Mr Morton's party, arriving in David, the capi- be too bad if old Degollado should step a just hi the shaped and trimmed like the ptostron oa the body. and may be found as often propounding new doctrines than those beard and seen around Mount Sinai would yet tal of Cniriqui, were mistaken for "Walker's filibusters," wrong place aad spoil the game. Though moire* and Ponspeiour silks are worn, taffetas as expounding old ones. Besides, Heber has a large per protect tbe chair of etato The stone rejected would yet and caused a glorious excitement tn that queer, parchedbe found Mr Sherman's (of Ot.) statement—--at Stales sre now porseened of the right ti import sUvesJ ae the public good did cot requje it to be taken froa them, be.., be thought It best to leave tne mtUer.a] we find it." in sustaining my positions, numbered lam and four, I snail cite not merely what was said by oeraa cot* gates from seme of the Bintee, but also what at fara toilette taabiliee. Of tneae the emerald green and the sew shade, called Havanne, are the color* most elegantly worn.Blick moires are very elegant, and their effect depends could not be agreed on, be Invited General Woll, tndreiy upon the style, and of the trimming by which as bees without a commas 1 for some time, to take they are accompanied Fur lniUnoe, we have seen a charge of the pass lortincttioux The Mexicans bad black moire with a bouiUonnee of apple green silk, and a great confidence la Woll, and It tt known that the piasa rnote of black guipure in the centre The sleeves were tt always the last stand, and where the most desperate tight, and had two puff* of apple green silk at the top.aghttog takes pace. Between them was placed a ruche.Oa the IJib, aBOOTding to the Incomplete reports which gents dresses are being made with the skirt perfectly Hbber. He may not tay all that he thinks, but what be Nothing extenuated, nor aught set down is malice. news.rals Ortega, Doblado and Ogasoa attacked the city of Guadalajara aeoutthe 16th ait., sad took It after two days' desperate fighting General Castillo, who was inwhen a personal acquaintance sprints up, if It to it, and if they did not receive his testimony, they come to build the csatno de \terro, tne excitement was more pertinrnt to the argument—what the Sates did— should only be from seeing him on the stand, would no believe though one rose from the dead. Withttnd, had been invited to surrender, but aa theIt changes enttrelv the reattonshlp between s jester and an intimation to the Mormon merchants and speculators all the other way—it was, whtcb could do the most to whatthof « ted for a-.d ordained. That Is tob* taka bearer, sad Heber then becomes a person to be listened that they were all going by the board, and would yet see hurry on the road business. AU the country to entnufei- as the highest evtoeace of what each State wished to rt-I have, Ortega oaoed are on the otty from on« hundred pieces of artillery, aad kept up a aonstaat fire until the lath, when the order to storm was given.plain in front, the plaits commencing about two aches on either aide or tbe (asWniDR.does tay is sure to ho «bat ha thinks, aad tn this wise he a fearful when he t>pi>ns on any person. Mo mock modes. •v dtters bun from going into mlnutia?. Ha discourse on the opening of tbe Conference wsa chiefly agal set selfishnets, and as "ever? son and daughter of Adam la to be persecutions; he warned ail people, and told them to be brought to an account for their acta in ratotton to thto careful and "touch not the anointed of the Lord " He wasklngoom," the subject, from Hebera llpt.lt may be Ima- aware that the most ot the inhabitants or the earthbillon or tax on the Unportattoa of slaves. Oa US debate tprang op. I quote from that debate the v a n of] leading delegates:.Mr. L MAJcrm, of Md., proposed t> vary ariJotoT.sttJ tton 4, so ss to allow a piohibition or tax on the Impart*!The Zwave jackets are beginning to be slightly wadded. Some are edged with a quilling of silk ol tbe same color eurred, and principally among the officers Gen. Woll was as the skirt with whicn tney are worn; others are trim- killed, aad almost his entire staff The loss on the med with chiooree ruchicgv, an ornament likely to con-THS OA&DKN Of SDKS IS MISSOURI.Brother Brigham threw aside bis overcoat and took upthe subject of legitimate authority. Said the enemies ofOmr Aspin wall Cut respondent* ASH.iw.au., 0:t. 20,1800.The town was carried; but a great sacrifice of life octhe Mormons would yet have to give ao account for theirArrival cf the Brooklyn from Chiriqui—Dr. V mi and tton of slaves (Vol S, p. 1,&>8 )libera* side was not so great, If I am to believe tinue to favor through tbe wintertaa accounts which come through the liberal papers Many dresses thai we have seen have been trimmed gined, was rich and racy. He had a dream to relate would reject the Gosoel. It was ia these days as ChristParty at Pith Greek—Alterations in the Projected Line-Lieut Morton Expected at Dish Creek—The British SteamMr. EuewosjB, of Conn , was for leaving the ciante Mj it stands. Let every Suite import what it pleases. Th| morality or wisdom of slavery are eontiueratioas OdCnrIt Is altogether probable that taa above light was are- with pattts of velvet. We noticed a silk dress, coulear cipiutea by the action of General Degollado In making Hav*nne, which had small pattes of back velvet, edgedabout a great swarm of bogs that iusied Into the city, had said—something like the gleaning or the vlutage. He mad, furious, and try tug to devour everything and every - would sot make s political speech. He wanted to haveer Bacer at Chsriqui—Action of the New Grenadian Oov log to tne States themselves (Vol 3, p 1.3*0 )eminent—Opposition of the Panama Uailroad Company Mr. SfexxiLa*. of Conn , was tor leaving tbe clause st tila treaty with • tramoa.General Castillo offered to releate General Uraga on hisparole, provided he would agree to return to the plane or to Oasteia if the to am was not taken, but Uraga refused to accept his liberty on any termsThe reaction tea, under General Otbon, met with a dis- astrous defeat before the city of Zecatecae, which they attempted to take by surprise.with narrow guipure, placed down each seam in the skirt, are three rows on the bod)—one on each shoulder and the other betweenThe macaron and Pierrot buttons are still worn, aad have a very nice efiect when worn with thick dresses, on which a more elaborate style of trimming would bo oat of p!ace.body, but after all did nothing. It was aot difficult to understana who the hog* were, when he explained that be had the dream ju*t preceding tbe arrival of the army. and when he 'ook«d up and beheld they were all gone the picture was romu ate.nothing to do with politicians. They would crucify the Lord himself if they only had the power and tt would ad- vance their own selfish purposes. They would not leave a particle of blood on tne earth that flowed in the veins of the priesthood; yet they were brethren and of the same father. AU the Mormoms bad to doto the Route—the Nicaragua Bio Grand Route—Mr. 1. F. Meagher—TheNem York Times—Persistent Opposi- tion—Accident on the Panama Railroad, dieThe United Stoles steam sloop of war Brooklyn, havingstands. Tot. s, p. 1,800 iColonel Mtaosc (Ya)—Be lamented that some tfour Eastern brethren had, from a lust of gain, embarks! In tbu nefarious traffic. Be held It as essential, ia every i*tot of view, that the general government saouu nan ihe power to prevent the laorease of eatery. (SdrM-.s.In -door skirts are worn with a slight train, espeaiallyA stmlar attempt was made on the city of San Luis on when madeof tatln. All kinds and styles or ptssemen- ry and a happy fa -.ulty of telling a story. He had been to predict tbe downfall of the nation. It had been pre-taa lttb nil, but was unsucseesful terte are makIt g thel' appearance; some are extremely The squally position oi affairs between the State* of Tn- t >,> J. i The skirts of some dresses are made en pointe, maoUpas and Nuevo Leon baa at leegth been adjusted, and and «rebroldered en soutache, cemmmcing very widestdeprived from meeting with tbe Saints for over a year, dicted long ago, and wss fast hastening to lis accomplishand free tbrae already la the country, AS stares also mnitlpiy ao fast to Virginia and Mar, and toai it^ hesper to raae than Import them, whilst in the canty rice swamps foreign supplies are Leeesstry, If *«ge further than to urged, we snail be mj&st toward* aoatojto; iheqcsistoetsof his style and the blast honesty or sorrow, Brother Orson Hyde, President of the t'weive sstlc for It, ss well they may be, for tbe monopoly ofthe talk more tban making up for any other deficiency. Apostles, concluded his very spicy, spirited testimony to the Panama Company is getting unbearable to the com-Be is thoroughly original, and, as he says, and as every- the Conference, and to tbe world at large, of which the merce of tbe worldbody thinks, a natural Mormon. There a ao disguise In foregoing to a faith'ul sumawry— Adiot! When the party arrive there will be more the Committee of Deail. It did not provide tor s proa,-]Eider George A. Smith to an apostle, and bore hto testi-mony to the truth of the Gospel. George A to the chief was to offer them the Gospel, and blessed would historian of the church, blessed with an excellent memo- they be If they did sot reject It. He bad no disposition,r Mr. RLLBWOUTH (Conn.)—Be said, however, that tf it was1Tbe choir sang again, Brigham pronounced the bene-diction upon Israel, and the folks, refreshed in spirit and contrary. Exhorting them to faithfulness and to a love purpose of seeing what the "Yankees were about " Cap Couieoticut and other States, prove my stateraestAnd tot your joys be known,Brigham made the opening speech, there wss busi- dinner.Considerable rldicol* to attached by naval officers to theattempt ot ihe Nee Graaadao government to annul thecontracts and grants of A W. Thompson, Esq ; they san- ul. rt v, extend tbe time 'or tie impcrtalioc U tuvst noa legal!" be annulled, aad as he owns the property in from Africa to the year 1808wnich the coat mints are situated, it can make ao diffe- I now turn to the consideration of the Imnh sateatet rence whether be olalms under "denouncement" or other-ofl in the spring to bring in the Lord's poor Irom "the galling bondage of Babylon." Thli new enitration ntovement a mere than likely to greatly abridge if not entirely to supti&oue the use of the handcart, a* it a b sieved that the ox wagon is cheaper tnec the manual muscle team, at least suon as it nas been hitherto. The ox team-otogy dacoursvs occupied the eatLe time of the meeting, and theChoir sang,ipany's grant. This toanmmary of families, has been antnbaeited tor several years. OdeU ww. running into tbe city, the Bowery was the only pos 000,009, and the State will, In all probability, be entitled lbsMaatwtagsretoeparticular*:— a«manyjearsbaahadbutoneInhabitant-ahermit.stbl*placefo.meat'rg,andtheweatherbeingfavorable totheThirtyeighthCongress,tofiverepresentatives. sra tost alght by the British ex- He entertatra visiter* hospitably, but declines all invita- tbe change was agreeable. Choir sang:-" All praise to Tbe increase In tbe voting population since 18M to aotprecious stones; on one side a drooping feather, generally tipped wi h gold and falling on the shoulder.hint in the Deuret Newt, it to very probable that bis Bo-nor will be assgned by the coming Legislative Assemblyto the Third Judicial district, and reside here, and Axso-ctote Justice Crosby will take up quarters at Camp Floydas the successor of Judge Eckels. I hardly think thattbe Chief Justice to over sattofied with tbe "Indecentbaate" or the two Associates in changing the time ofhotdlng tbe courts without waiting to consult with him,when he was only within a few days' travel of the olty. Captain Walker. Captain farragul retums homo In theOur katost sews frost the interior, received hem is tothe 30th alt. from the ettr of Mexico and the iTth fromGueaaajare, Gea Marques, Mtramon's oaanasaar inoattf, was tans w l t a a toar days' march of thesoeneof daaer headdress.action Here at Vera Crux we have had a cbange of min-istry, sad lbs Britah legation has left tbe oapltal for Ja- Nonvassji Nsw HanI^HIBS—There tosgradual thinning that ae were a great people tbe Isst ten years has been remarkable. The vote for lapa. AiarUooofthemgoonhonwtn to da>s steamer. out uf the scatieret settlements In the northern part of *•„ »ww SUNDAY- MORNING. Oovernor at the last election was to round numbers Mr. La Sera has aba secured aa exlaostoa of the Louisa Ooeewmty Dfwwillw, wbtoh ten years ago btd three Tbe Tabernarle beag too small for the crowds who 60 000. The while population will not fall far belowCaptain Farragut.of the Brooklyn, has been relieved byCot. F w . Lander, of Potter Pryor duel and wsfon roadUatGea Marques wlU have time to do his ut-noet to pre ioto'lett wa. m^ned lB ^ rTxuciw>i oa S,e 13th and then we were alt prepared to listen tovonta victory oa the part of the besieging liberal forces, Coder commend of Gea Ortegauit., M MISSJew*]M Davenport One of the Han Franciscopapersaa>e.— 'This a not* ease of love at ftrst sight,t,.r the parttoi bare been acquainted w«th each etbar fartwclte years, and engaead fur three However much wemai feifetute olonel Lander «n his happy fortune weagain at an early day. I think hat a good general, j idg ranaot but eoadoto with tbe pubiVs oa the great 'loss onwn was disposed to glance at the oroekrdness of thelook eat, therefore, for "gkwloos" or wary disastrous Intelligence by ths next opportunity. There to a roaor hers to day that Miramon mtenas to stack Vara OcsKXOIHSK Hll.B OS U U MATS o r THS CMOSAfter an txpretsiun cf oe«p gratitude for ihe privllese of bemg a Moroior—living in thto motnentons age ani r»U.g tavored with a caii to preach tue tiuep.1 UrotberCxwid tboee papers whtcb have copied U w / ^ j J 1 aho*«teg from hearsay, bat baltove him lus bexTflx, Cw: want whan it has tustaaed through lots union, for Mrs Lea of trv-aid good edrtoars Do net aaStfe hat aownpetert der basronre* tbe ti lentigo t» permanaotly withdrawI at all, as he evioeaUy allows aaueif to be"mate from the state " The saarrtage ceremony by Rfy r. dtarr£>|wrKl generally, and the BUM of the Union speciallyBe thought ttat tbe testimony «>f the Marsnor. elders wasplaying particular smash with ObriBteedota, and republicskinttuonia and empires wer« not ever wait aiiuateu any!elf- co me the jottice to publish my rep'y ' ••"»•' ^ g*alioed "by "thai"act of courtesy, m bile at tn* ^J^M tbe cant* of truth would be subserved J ^ r s g - 1to.ness on hand—the consideration of a new movement for AFTERNOON 8BSSION.the emigrating of tbe saints from the frontiers to Utah. Singing, prayer and singing, after which the *tcranent Every year they had spent lsrge sums of money to pur- was admin stored by the Bisnopachasing cattle, wagons and general outatting, in order to Patriarch John Young, President of tbe High Priests;now to consider the feasibility of a plan by which it was Apostle John Taylor, followed by the Prophet Brigham,arise, aw the act -al proprietor or the landsit a to be hoped that the United states governmentIn the emigrants, and thereby save the expenditure of and tn the recital or the good feelings they entertained*money on the frontiers and bring It in here to improve the Territory. He referred to the travels of "/.ion's Camp" some five and twenty years ago, when he and a hundred others walked upwards of 2,009 miles in threelor toe work and for the people. The choir sang:—midable rival trautlt route, (t has been the prac »i"S Union for an amendrrext a' UI-M constitution tn» I* tico for too long s time with Central American i!>.»tureor ihe United S u i t s sba1' ca.l a convento* f« governments to break through all contracts with that purpose" He said—'-Two third* may oottin » oaGuide us, 0, thou Great Jehovah;• Watson, Sr. Mata, Lieut. Gibson, U. S- N.; Fter- was ruchee, with white blondes, and on it was placed a month*, and did their own cooking and camp duties. He and Apostle Wllfort Woodruff gave us all hto benedle An>erictn citixens; and the friends of tbe Panamaventtoo, a m»jori'y of which can bin' ths Union to *•* V'i*ta t h a nay subvert the State ooastiwti*.**u#"£• <ber "<»c Mr G n i f ' e rcottoe, Mewacbueau?, CoeeccuesiiPt-npty Iraiua and six other cuter- voted aye (SI vol, *> l.f-SS 4 6 )f tl.1 being reeonSKered, Mr. RCTLSUGS, o *ju>nt"a ** iASXTVAL or j n x n Ki<mr.of flowers and leaves, or flowers and lace, are very ea- usually spent on the frontiers, but It would Hto Honor Chief Justice Kmney arrived here late lastgant. A rccne, pointed, and wide in tne front, narrowerdouble the number of emlgranu every year Thursday evening. He was accompanied by a young at the tides, and then wide under tbe comb o the back as the greatest expense of the journey was across lawyer from Nebraska, a nephew of Senator Brodhead, ffsgsbtp; the sttamahlp Pocahontas, Capt. Hazard; (hip hair, to very simple and lady like. The hair to generally ihe Ptotns. Following "the Prophet." Mabop Wooley. who also rejoices in the same family name. At the samegraiion. It would not only keep the gold In the country,Bejoioe j e servants of our Gad.After a beuedlritton we all scampered home, sattsfled present the ttale of Arkansas as one whose progress InThe Ktcaraguan Rio Urande route Is generally be tevedto be a myth, the creation ot the fertile brains of someof the interested opposers of the Chinqui route; the thing way tbe slave trade guaranty I have uotlwhtreThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetto glance attt I^verille NewoatUe e oecessed.Baringir Tiled'the hearersThou joy of latter days;'Untitled DocumentFervent,Northern Light, and takes with him the bust wtohes or GBOWTS or Ajg«ASSaS —The census of 1890 to likely to all who have known himMrtbe Golito, for the purpose of taktogIn spite of ths almost unprecedea ledly, sad great eotaeeuenl suffering entailed sj party from eons ant exposure In ancamp remalne 1 perfectly healthyline of road, after going u? it some distance, oan turn totunnel of a couple of thousand feet, come down to the Atlantic coast by very easy grades, through the valleys and tbe pass of tbe Rio Robslo.ihe >eat 1810Gea. iwosanxT (8 C) moved to subttitute 1808 fw1800. (3d vol., p 1,427.)Mr. Gosaan (liars ) seconded the motionMr. ManifOii (Va )—Twenty years will produce all thtCorreapo:on board several of the members of the Cturiqui com-mission, arrived here on the 17ih Inst, from the Ohlriqulharbor, for the purpose of ascertaining at what time the 'o be considered in a moral light, we ought to go farther,tothehtotory of our country,unscrupulous in the statemeat of fseto." Ths trheto ttner an d spirit of the arttoto ass bs best shown by the fsitos. teg extract.—It to true, as he Sltofas, that Virgtoie was oppose* tocori as Its, will and oecbtion.By reference to Madteoe'e Papers, t t ! 1, p MM,the draft, of a constitution will be found as reported kfl1,800 1 ) * *markel on the exemption of slaves from duty, wbust! 1more to add. H»vmg now corrected the ban*, and malignant criticisms of two leedtcg editor! th»blackrtpublicancause,vit:-sirTnurlowWeeli Fult13069on New Yowww.fultonhistory.comrkontv. M . , MarsarstJ Mcl«<laa to appointed tAsnmtotrets rice Aaron r.jb"^ 