 • »••}1THE EW YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 8724.NEWS FROM EUROPE.lmn) if Hi Oijif f utiatft. W &#e Urt anJUtc CtititMailiit Uls fortMORNING EDITION-SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.NEWS BY^JMECITY OFWJOttNGTOff.T*« Aswericaaa ConsulW o w n WTHE SYBIAN DISUBBECTIOar. TTMUBH MA8SACBB OF CBTaiSnAKB AT DAaAACVe— THE AJAXBICA3I COKSTL WOrKDED.OirEJRESTl^C FRQM SICILY.the Christian populatiaa with mure coandence. but truth compels me to say that we are still sating oa a volcanothe Dutchiff LCNCCN AND ate.,SPCNKNCE, awrdered by awry tisementasuccumbing totheiafter Tarioua chaa- iioca tkey wonld. I fear, ataad but a very poor ;han-». Uan- asa.nst Moslems, never at any rate on behalf of Chris- Haldi cfinLDues to b« extremely vexed and annoyed at die apa-NAPLES ASD SICILY.The two vessels which ;>aesed over to Garibaid aremerchant steamers.It a conuraad that the steamer Tewce has passed orsrto Garibaldi.Nanjn, .Inly 14, leow- Patriots are constantly travelling the streets.The moderate party a full of appiebanstosa rnarrmiiasX the stabbtag of an inspector of the former police oa tha 12m ia the Strada de Toida.A proclamatioa of Garibaldi against the BeoiboB dy- nasty has been distributed. H e says ' l a m a royalist, but prefer Victor Lmanuel who will head as 1trie.'N^rLEs, via Turia, Jaly 17,;There has been a conflict between the troops aad tha peopleinconseqaeaeeofpopularmanifestationsaariar cf some refugees who had disembarked at Naples. Seve-ral persons were killed.The ministry ha-: been damased, sad a sew Cabinetformed.Tlie Japaacec Receptiaa S w iTBX ArTLICATlOS FOB AH I.NJTMCT10N.The following a the complaint of Levi & Chatfleld, o a application for an injunction restraining the Mayor, Comp-troller and CommonJlty ef the city of New Yets frees paying any of the bills for the rntmainmast nf die Japa- Besc:—ate.,ate.ttablemarchofevents.thyattinSicilians,whoragardwithsuchuadi•>•>i'tiuieihepress-tians. ing danawrs by which tbeii live* and fortunes and hbaruea .ir-of the ^ •*n-t.p Canada, which arrived atplorable transaction will probably hasten the solut.o i ofto-day, they would behold the Mejipoiiuuig a Palermo to-mar row—and the return of the Neapolitans would be very awk ward.The constitution granted by the young King of Naples is a most liberal one, but the people sees shy regarding it. They evidently fear that Francis II. will pay them off at some future day, in emulation of the example set him« i : yag, •nasiag • io 'nrc.Ab addiUcaal deuua of Edropean rulers, joiraahsia and pampnleteers have axpendod a MW» down to the 14th- great ileal of thmght, negotiation, paper and ink. Nowthe Leadea IfculS .Vena Citj aruckj of July 14 •ays — aa English sad French Ceet have been despatchedyeeterday awrn:*g, reached acre feat areathe Eastern quest.on. on which diplomatists, statesmen,Mam, aad aa adra»*"e apt* that pr.ee v a asked upon ail_ the inheri M^ike aost abort pa*er Ha swaths biia are aot inDA for he is evidently fast«r, sad •>>, per cent a demanded. At tee Bash today vicuaiiy, the Sultan Abdul if< ike j'taaca * a s rather at tire, debauci. T'. and intemperancevernmectareibastillmora The Leaden Twac* Cttj Article of the same date says — dn.oo than he is. SomethingConstantinople. Evidently the sick man is getting dissolution. Inui- worse. We may look for some early developemontof the affairs of the Levant. Russia is ready and willing, and is and has been intriguing against the Sultan.warfciJtgtha cxireatyear. rackoaaKtb*amountairea«:yTffirl Wjj ha -*a.SS8SS0. and that aa increase, ratherHere, the unfathomable French Emperor as sUll aa his return bis Majesty will go to Biarritz, end-after a brief thousands, and 20.000 Christians of Lebanon have been great a mystery as ever. His usual resource—a pam- stay there be will go to Chalons and remain at the camp burnt out of house and home. The Turkish government phdet—hasagainappeared,fromthehandofoaeofhis somethreeorfourweeks.TheEmperorwillstayamonth hasinnosinglecasebehavedwith anythinglikebeen inflicted in commutation^ of ether peca t.es m also remitted..—_ \ -—, .—-—••*-*—'—*~*—. — I.. •—-- • — 1 y?!!{('»' -mm "^f:.ii*-A.xa:«.fKB F1MITF11. ULWiClB 9 WU- beex murdered by the Druaas, certain maintain tribes the Sagliafa sotraspeadeBla fromthat live oa and about Mouat Lebanon and over the h.lte TIN THOUSAND CHfUSTMlS MUHDERED batween Beyrout, Dsssascaa and Baalbec No one be- Ihrvea the Turstxh government capable cf chastia-F O U R» A Y «Emperor Napslaaa seem iathe year is out we shall see ja of a fearful struggla. Thewmserery iiuilaiw together writ the receipt of bet- t.rtat Britain w.li act as midwife, or at resting one. ter pricee from Fara, taere was inaHy a recoverr- Loans least wet nurse, ia seeing France safely de-aw abart paper vara offered at 2 per cent, although livered of the **i«aa' of detatching the Rhinethe oft.cials themselves—have Helped. I state it advised- ly, and with a (bur years' knowledge of this province, that the Turkish troops and Turkish officials are far more dreaded in Syria than. the Druses themselves, and I feel quite confident that uat.l aad unless there is a landing of European forces in thai place—even if they remain here but for a few weeks—confidence will not be restored toa the discount aaarket the aeaiap.il waa active, aad taare are saaecry any transactions under the Bank E X B J B lUjpee paper experienced a further improve M i ef u par oaat. There wire no bullion operations at Ute Sank to-day a the t reach cxrfcangfw this afternoon there waa ae change of mpartaace Horn the rates of laat Met. la the cans market thie morning there was a aiaaata liiataum n ife ' "~f M—-*-T The pro- ne* markets tkis week hawe been generally ttaady but •act to, aad the coBt.acatel dtmafcd ihows little aa- arevamesvprovinces from.Prussia, and making them the legitimate children of France, that the Czar will be asked to give his "urr,.eai aid in the case, and by a sort of natural1%t Vaatw .cb. The a n t proof of theJene hundred pounder gcat tee. piaca yestarday at the abyal Arsenaal butt, and i miUtad thai, by the ead of tha year, there win be up- wards of taw of that ciaes of gaaa^raidy to be shipped for anal •emoa. The largeat brass gua erer made in Bag- Mat, aad istaaded to be bored as an eighty pounder, waa yetteraay oas: at Woolwich. Thja atece of ordnance will a* rJGaa aa a muzzle iaaddtg guaf, for the purpose ofhe is concerned, with the exedution of the present decree.tae Irish brigade, m coemaqueace of a discussion as to who were the best Catholics. Whea an armed force was sect to restore order some of them korew toe furniture K t of the windows. One Irishman hie been sentenced tosay that Messina was badly calculated to stand a siege.Though there are some three Hundred to four hundred pretty generally limited to other nations. French guns mounted .n the harbor, making It difficult to ap- men whose antecedents give them considerable influenceproach by sea. tlie hills and mountains directly back of do uot scruple to say that Napoleon is launched on a ca- the town, rising up from 1,300 to 2,000 feet, put the placeentirely at the mercy of a military force from the north- reer, sans pcur. sans reprocke; that no protest of Lordme papers which have been: presented that m e French levied lor the year 1859 was upwards of $lal, being a aastartled by tha terrible aaaomscemeat that nearty teathousand Chriatiaa people m Syria and Asia ILam* have ing the SiciLaas are fairya The news yacht aacceeded ta obtaieiag tae Cfeat ] which coatstaad, however, ae summary ef but merely tw o newspapers, from wb.cbtbeml-lowmg summary of the European mteliigence aiag and bringing theaa Tdlaaooa nomads to or der There m, .n tact, a deep prejudice agnjtst MMI determinatbJB to put down cnnatians throughoutthe 'XT t*fc dom.n.ocs. They and know that Chrs-ted from the 19th to the end of the 20th day of the monthto make his objections to the electors before the electoralcommittee, which will decide forthwith. The objectionsamy be made in person or by wiriliag. Ia either ease aaote shall be taken down ia the reciter, aad the com Tue British gorernmant a said to have auttee will decide immediately after .aspectiug the docu-tianity and cml.xa: on gress not ;,oad among any great extent they areia the cdstory ever> urn a -aone will AoundeM be done by aha; but Ubertv ma gar .an, who behaved so weil at Kara. This has inspiredugeace of a fearful massacre of Christans at Five hundred were killed, amongst wheat Consul, The American Consul was wounded.*waer to defeat the step (Alien by the .lor is oc thti paper iiutj, a r»*»i,;:..on was passed calimf upon toe members el .te Ecrje of Commons to use m y r^eaaa that the forme J u-e Baaae allow to pre veat the patting of suppi.es until UK a c t o r t a e P e e r s h a ? i x - e n « e t a s a l * .Tie ..eii'tut runes; sjys tha* v. hen Mr. i.ladatoue brjags: m j u the Tote for tbe Chmeae war July 12. Sir Johnra&xgtoi:. who waf the ar?: tu gire poice to the generaliAgrai.tHi when the news oi ia* l"e|»o treachery arr.T•i.wUl moTO a mot.on wL.ch ius ill iline appearance of piwvc L The Great Flastem is a success. it—all '.ne linen interest, a.l the church aad innumerableust.tty to tlie war for wi.cn M- Ulsjasioae is prov.ding The weather, wh.ch has been an cold and d. heartenmg fami.ies. u e looking to m e gigant.c system of pe.ttona•athatGaribaldiis moreandmoredisgusted• >«uer A. the Sutrlt says it .- rspdrteu ta S*c-y that K De Martlao, Plenipoteaiiary of ute King of Naples, aa>t the Mamtuts Da Villoaariai, Sardipiaa Ambassador at Naples, are to proceed to Palermo to announce to thaSA-iiians tha coaosaiioa& of the k.ag <tf Naples, and ask I or their acceptance.Srtexal of the Par-s .oumaiii ailLtd^s to a reactionary n : t prevalent m Sicily ana auriboths it partly to the•r-ti'BCM»i Mazzia:.Attnces trom Con»taat.aopie to IheUth last, state thatia caasaqueaca of lac misston of '.he Grand Vizier the 4g,tat:oa a Botuaela and Bi.igarji a a - subsided. The brand v.. er had rsoed Belgrade and tha Eastern pre~ v ucee. Agitation prerails a t IHmascus; cannon h a d been placed .a pott on Ine Bumhar of troops was con- •.uered asuiucient. Tiere was a j?senu panic at Bey-vii. aan the Cnriarutn adwbrtaais ware a t rig to digha. FAI Paaha has left for ^yrm w.m full powers, tie w u &»r« under h a order- 14.900 ssen^ tae commander of whom a Halna Paaha. The Tttrtuah gOTcmment is ship-t Jig com loBeyrouiACT.-esTromMeasina to theStait|itethatCo. aWxiwan at ihe village of Barcelona, awaiting roluateers. Hehimself w a s never every chad of hersconsumtnaiod. and that was illegitimate. N :iy ,--.-• that the Preach Ot>nsul thera bna^recaivad a blow viatheheadDramayataghaning day sir Herbert Taylor paid htm a visit, and having commanding me soldiers of me third category, if siik piece rjver aonghae fences. jSugaf and sugar caaay pays thereof, ani that it a the mteBtaa of the aud Comp- angered ign nst all parties, the icilians took on supiaely heard his statement, and, in fact, seen the documents, de- exists x the commune of the archpriest or m e cure who a fair profit at m e '"resent Jane. Re*, corai, large and troller to piace or insert the name in the tax levy or list«<at *i vne Tth, was obliged to, leaie it J» half aa hour »j ortar «i GanbaU..Ipeawareiag thts tae ILaistry 34ht*.the.r resigaa- •.ens,whichwareaccepter..Thisexamplewasfaiioweubytoeotherauuior.iiea, cgaorCMeoiair •ed at Palermc on ths|tth tost., aad «a* ram.vad with >y by Geaerai Gartbaldx. lJdavafMiaan embarked at Genoa on the tth Another em- was to ta*e place oa tha Win. Voluatawrstoarrrrt.^aeral Lamoficxre aarmg «./iLdnthrh hu troops intoacatanar , inam-raot.iraarv uuvaaaaslB had broksa out amwmi. II..I.*H.. Mat a e a r (}»iliaa.TatAdTMLc^etcrimistatesthat Pmttiiaa. irooiw were ready f>>r departure. Thair,hawevar.wasaotknowm. 1 •tea seat to irbtao. »5: Irish Tbtasjat lacaaa, and soauauttea* disorders at Sunt' vita* ware reprasaad b y tha Pajai Carabmiers^^^^n £ .SSsarS|ln& MSSVP *bPffL SSBt•»•••••• ^M*BSsUjSSSMSaMBpC1S> SSSPvU"'MBJ**••aastaf Syr.a Ai-aena thinks it her awsy toio aad wit ufcaw'SM despatch two af her VMMSB toto thoroughly disgust their oeat friends, who fear thatthe eleventh hour, it was discovered that Chirm had had an attested copy of the documents taken, which, cf course entirely' neutralut\l the valueofthe origmaiaother persons chosen by the civic council.stock a eoasiderabiy workedtoff. "aau a good busaiess a doue m exchaagiag for Japanese produceI1sare tw .ith thethe higher classes :iang ba^k, leaving the ~.heritor to manage a s l est h e can. The chafacter of Garibaldi is one peculiarly adapttxl to make hmi the leader of an army, but ijifx-ary uufltting him tu ajrt as a statesman. He ispreparing tae country lor an act of sufilcieally great mi poriaace,On the pro os-tionsf the Secretary of State of the In- terior.more or less official, of the' general sub. tauce of wont pasr*u at that intervjew. butiwe have not received any mtimetion that me proposal iir sogire^iion to whicu my honorable triead the metuber for laskeard alludes was made. I have, indeed, beard the story at a vague way,a strength aad a pro- people, and that to a ble with others. It whita Christians being-pr • to be won. not a sift to be beetowadby tae Band of evenbGaribaldi. If Uwfk-ihansareduallyandeoeoolmely rreed,it will be beeaoM die vast design* of Garibaldi coaiamplaM thehbemiioa of all Italy, and because to Ous I^to, which he .loves which may at any moment break out. If the Moslems ••o dearly, aad for which be tights*) bravely, they have the were to rise, and the Turkish troops to behave well, all good fortune to belong;-. If they depended on thetr own eawr- would s o right, but uttfbrtunately Mos-ems will aever actmeats or from the public notoriety of the facte.19. F o r t h e individuals belonging to the several corpsef the army wherever they may be, they will be admit- ted to vote by a committee consisting of the comaandant of the corps, who will preside, ant two of the highest officers next in rank to himself. ij i mere are several officers of this same rank, ago wjil confer priority. There will be, moreover, a secretary, to be chesta by the commandant.The taking af the vote wip be at the period indicated by the preceding articles. The electoral register will re- mam in the bands of the commandant, -should there be aay objectioas, they, will be immediately de-ided.20. Another decree will s a k e known the day sad man ner cf taking the vote,CI. The Secretary of State; of the Interior m charged With the enecatkai of the present decree.GrCSEPTf: QAKIBALDI, Dictator. F. Cirsn, Secretary of State) of me Interior.PALERMO, June 23.18*0. 1The following s the text of the amnesty lately granted fey the King of Naples.—Art. 1. Penal proceedings are abolished as regards all persons accused of political otJences, and consequently any ulterior action against those in confinement or absent ior facts anterior to the 15th June is prohibited.Art 2.-VIIprincipalorsdceasprypun;-amentwhich remams unfinished tor such offences, including perpetualSuch races are not deservmginto the breach the K^sian or l the Gaul will. Tuia de- fact thai Garibaldi will not abandon taem; for were he ui do soThe funds opened tha vr.day) a'lrning at a tail of V to the Levant, and the i next expenditure of by his father of hateful memory. La questiond Orient a* mat. owngfe>the ton* of the debate on foreign poit money >n the matter wdl be in the "war eatimatea.v is now upon the tapis. Christians hare bean murderedM» .B the BOOM OI Comn.ots laat aught, hut a recovery in Syria, and Turkish soldiers were evidently aiding and us* ^ ,u toe afternjon JJ the: closing qitotatioaa. No week •Ispsfif cow without the issue of pamphlets abetting the murderers. This calls for immediate steps tae am ouat market coatinueB artivd. No ha-inem was on the Eastern question, and the only thought is, who shall on the part of the great Powers. France aad England MM t.-day below the Bank miniwttim in exceptional have sen men of war to Beyroot and remonstrances topoewssioa of the inheritance of the "ack Man,"If w e do not stopperpetually munaced. Their only anchor of safety lies in theThe business of Beyrout is at a standstill; all the spe- cie of the Ottoman Beak has been sent on board the Ex- moutb. and in the street? hardly a sou! is to be seen.4 P. M.—As 1 write, news has been brought in that the murderer of the Moslem baa been caught. He at a Chris tian. and has been convicted on Christian evidence, and will be executed at sunset. This will ereally allay the excited state of the afoslems, and it Is to be hoped that we shall now got over the night without a disturbance.I caanot close this latter without bearing testimony to the energy aad judgment shown by Mr. iioore, the Eng- lish Consul ueneral, throughout the crisis, not only to day. but ever since troubles began in theae parts. Everybody in the place will agree with me in this, and it is bat right to bear witness of the truth. I may add that we are for lunate in all our five cons .is general, of whom, being the senior. Mr. Moore acta as President.Those who have frieads in Syria may, I think, rest as- suredthat,sofaraspersonaldangertoEuropeansisconts nearly worn out by has nation and go- anddecrepitcon-general officer, one o( the" Heroes of the Crimea, that Tear aud distrust are abroad iii<- predominant scu.-who s going out ,11 two day 3 to jo :u Garihu-di. and ofler ii.m h.s own Sri-vice*, and tie .s to bear all :;is own expenses. Tjiiere .s evidently somemens'i with respect to France.It was on^y the other day that from an oiltcial of veryhesitation on the matter, and ih-u, iuiuough an unothciai answer went frorti Rjissia tha| shd w:is willing to accent a conference, y e t heij answer was h< t formal or definitivrresolution SSO.OCO of the money of the people of the city • f New York, and bemg derived, or to be deriveu, from the taxes, assessed and levied upon m e taxable propertyahar! work anead, and ioou we dhai. hear the clang of high authority, if not the L.ghest, in. Belgium. I hoard upoor, the weak and the bereaved, I will add of myself,that they ""in to these jr'tis one still greater, w ^kiP m-withdrawing theraseises .n ease of necessity from me in- on me subject. Thefefori' at present no summonses have of the said city, were appropriated to defray tne expenses jUF'.iee an oppress-.aa of taeir king.! weep, oh m y God. over me annihilation of Lnaai. .-m We are trom God, and to mm we return.G d ^raai that Ui.nga niuy have a better ending. "•reeting to <-od. the Mighty, from his poor servant.the connict.Your aacotint of the voyage ani enthusiastic receptionstated that so strong was t t e desire of aanc^at.on JI thai country, and so certain oi accomp'ishmect was it be- lieved, mat he was prepared to see it brought aoout ingone out from Franc* for the[ jmiiposr 01 convenaig iue conlerence. and it is not yfci certain that the older Powers have aSEectel to tiiat pode. I believe, however,of receiving and entertaining m e Embassy aarredited b y the Emperor ^r government of Japan to me government rf the Lnit.-d Stales of America.of the «»reat hastemi has been copied by the t'.iree ai-d:'..».r -oi...mas m the Lonaon Tittej ani all tue leadjigEn_L»t. jt arna-s. and must gratifying the intelligence hais any twenty four hours. All the caul proprietors long torAt this moment liifndfui disorder prevails im.» g tae tueyallsay that if a eoaferenjee 6 summoned they will,iil.fitWI». foT'two or three ruontns, has at last come wit warm and i$m >u 1ranee as a s.re prov.siou l'o* the.ror by m e Common Council of said city, and mat. th* sa,d< committee projected and directed that a bail be given at tne Metropolitan Bote! and Xibto s Garden, in the 'iity of New York. oc m e .ifltli day of June last past, a.i the e \ -pica-an:, and the croi>s are pifogressing sttisfactorily.Tat »usfems:oi: of Messrs Robt. F^eelaBii Bros., Mac Mr. Punch has at "an consented \u, recogu.se the sun as ycnngT mem'iers. That there ii a loyal party, >ni'.i>i.i.-ci>, June 10,1860. 'ABD EI KAI>EK.iiaur s...ppers tt India, a amrouacki. The Liabililies anjoM acuaailance. unw his solar ,iia,c«ty bits deiimed to di£iu;r of adherents to m e reigning house aud upholders ofm pursuance of -aid scheme of g: ing a public bait, the said committee caused to be issued n o ets of adn.es,on to sa.d bail, and distributed said tickets in sucO manner, and gave or sold the same to such persons as said com-are repor.-id a t XM Oou.ii Naflet the Mimsu-r of the Interifr la* addressed atir.i-ur to the;»roT.c:ial anthi.r.i.ea It oeclares ihat * i*s".iui.«n8 giTec by the K..ng to ^ people are their s fcreTer1' tuat tiii*j iBauguratt: a vewera thai all f u:t_.-ies mitt .reg^ibiie ti*c_: conduct m the princ. pitNaples aad '•icily.a proper basis, becau- it ailo*scviery latitude to tue otherPowers testate their views upon tlie subject. I imagineno other basis than that can be propo.-'ed. As to ;..eah#w u s lace and sank upon km heretofore neglectel stsiijecii:.Oatr Paris Correapomtencr. |PARW. July 12. ISSu.Tit- Prof& a of Garibaldi—i/jo Charaeur—Apathy qf tAt ^>'fc»iiart.^—Prospect of 6*e \Prafftml Concession ofa national court, is true >>irt it is. after all, limited to the person of Leopold, whose sagacious and impartial con- duct laivDi the coli.sions of parties lias made him many friends but it is declared that the presence of J0.00" Fresiei, tr.opt would, as ,f bv enchantment. change tue whole face of things. Two-tuirds off me country are French in language ^habits a n d tastes; a n d t h e masses*The arrcd of the tw o Manettas, tamer and son. upensuspic.on of liwiag been concerned in m e attack upon M.hm.tharasBha take place. P« France IX of urgng Piu IX ta ofa struggle ae would then new Jablyplace to pieces. A Turtusb liae of-aattle ship, w r h 2 000 troops an board, aii.sad Una awraias; frasa Caasraatiao- pia. Theae are an- saare dava enough to prevent any as-rjsaayre that ef the owill strike sua a to ta« partesadm.tted.anV,.tor Emaauell aid.baldi arttsia Insails Batexatts amengst tha Turkish anttortias. After what in the regjewar, the committee willhas happened at Dtor-el Kamar, Zahle, Tazaht', Has signed by at least three members, on whichof t h a g with manFrench'sta l hiss,be va. Raabeiya, Ssdoa, aad ether places, hoar JJ it possible to pat aay faith ia tha prom-sea, pro- tests or oatks of the Torksr Yesterday the oonsuls gene- ral orlered ta land U S ssaa frosa the Bnaaian, French, aad English men-of war. M order to restore 'xmadec.ee to the place: but the Taakiah authonGes would aot Lawn to it for a mement, protesting that such would be aa ia- frmgement of the Baltaa's rights. To-day saaiters are worse. My own opinion a that tha Turks w ah sa to dia- gust bom toe consuls and other Europeans, that all mayby the lettersof take refuge on board the ships of war, and then not a The special aative Christian will he left to teD the tale throughout gyria. We have in harbor of English ships the Exmoutb/ft); the Gannet, l i lasst the Mohawk gunboat. Of Frenchbe written oatewa name, h a thther's, theaad should tber? be several parishes,theth* pariah WJMK he liras, with hai c**mber oa tiTha ticket wID the elector to have his rote wary received for scrutiny.IT. All the o-perat-one of registration will last untilthe MthefJurdy,, 3 r. M., when tb>-list will be closed, andat the bottomB of the aseiadl list there stall h e written aa ac- count stating the total number at the efeeten aad the collated accuracy between the two registers. From that moment no person has say ledger the right ef havmg hie name nserted.correspondent of tha Louden Post. 1 '!»etiy regret bamg oomneQad to *...le so iuaia»orai:iy ef18. Oa thtfl8iri of July thef committee win cause to be posted up an the door of the place of sitttag a s alphabeti-tcaaaitfi t<>ta the spirit tarbance wtaterer. But tha question ia whether ha has •abetted tha wul to pi IIIsal ifeadfl ng af ChrUtiaa Woodthe ridermltan puprdauon. and MceemHf oi the high Si-;iliaafaaUliM, but one must "speak truth and shame the i-.an frigate of 60 guns aad a Turkish liaaaf. battle ship. cally arranged list of the inscribed electors' names, ex- pUde. cavil"woulddiuIeonktafeaaiithelababiLaatsofUdagreat Thereiatobeamastingatfouro'clockP.M.today,tractedfromtheregister,andeveryoaeshallfeeaeraut-- tiy •), and dw truth must not be MBssalei nbat theae assiliaa at the English consulate, of the commanders 'of shipsnorlewModoaoibmr—oeUdoa, abnoiutely nnSsiiig n> securetheir abery. Thai liberty laey Bawswaa indeed, greatly tode of wsr, me Turkish general and the consuls general,«ir», but tfcey eipe-v that it at to drop from tfee eloudt.r that tt is to be at least the entire aid iiiMmiw) work cd Garibaldi. Wsat man can do—what aay Italian can d*—toto concert measures for the safety of the town. One good thing is that the geaerai who has arrived ta command of the troops is a Christian, Kerned, the Hun-TheEmperorNapoleonis?oontovisitNiceandSavoyHeite must iaaritably will also visit Algeria. He will commence his tour about cerned. the worst is now over, still cold-blooded mur-The Chiaa debate ?bcwj[ the tota) expenditure for the take pia.v in that region during e next few months, the loth of August. It will Inst twenty days, and upon ders of disarmed Christians by Druses may be counted by exile from the kingdom, even for those on whom it hadMMadacautaaofcoat,maybewitnessedla1901,ereMM fceavsaesB thai morning in the English funds, bat scribes, sad now it is a direct ijecturJ to England. Her at Biarritz. I shall be enable to give a description o f justice towards the Christians, aad in every one aeety who have been already condemned by default forO*Mto »faataereaaemthesupplyofmoneyseeking Br:tannic Majesty's rovernment is told unjeds thevoyageoftheirMajesties,whichwillheamost inte- of the greater butcheries,theTurkish troops—oftenpolitical offences, and equally with those who, from mea- sures of precaution founded 04 political motives, had left the kingdom, will hare the power of returning to it.Art. a. IT, however, political ofleaders have to answer tor ofiences committed against the common law, justice A will take Its course against them, but only for such of fences; and we reserve to ourselves, under any circum- stances, to accord a diminutiofe of punishment is any par-Pams, July K5,1S«0. The State «f foreign Affairt CsSteraCy—Opptiows Concern-ing SapoUon at Home ani Abroad—Mateef BelgiumCesarian operation brine about t h e "auspicious event'so IOBC kept m tlie womb of time. Easy as it is tosee through some of Napoleon's plots, here it m verydifficult to see whether he i*> cdquetling with Englandalone, or whether the Czar comes in for a little bam'Kwzlement. He is evidently playing off one party nection with foreign relations uspeculiarly observableatagainst the other. Tha pamphlet directly says, that if the present moment. The naval expedition to Syria, tha posal, the authorities, by their weakness and vacillation, Great Britain will not be friendly to France, and _ire con- very nearty caused the massacre of some 40,000 Cat is- sent to the dl&memberm*?nt of the Bhme Provinces and difficult tee of Gartbaidi—which the semi Conttituliond tians. In fact, from tret to last, bad the government their reannexation to the domin oas of the Emperor, the chooses to remark "more fatigue than interest Europev—Tae maa-factore at the Armatrocg breach loading gunsmpogwMJBg rap-dly Icn lorty pounders arrive weekly Csar of Ensaia will enter into a friendly allianae, the feeler from the same quarter about a -confederation 'wished and planned tha extinction oi me Christian popu-lation, European and native, from ead to end of Syria, Finance and Foreign flairs are charged, each as Gar asand the two will do what they please in Turkey, Egypt,Syria, Austria aad everywhere esse. This is plain Eng for Italy, the mistrust about the Neapolitan constitution,Cammcnaity of the said city of New York, aad Robert T.they could not have acted in a manner more likely to at- tain that end than they have.The following letter from Abd-ei Kader, to the Birgis Barys < Eagle of Park) has interest at me preaant cri- sis:—Glory to God' I hare been delighted by all m at you have written in the Btrgis on the subject of the Mussel man States. Y ou hawe in tram given good advice, and you would be heard if VOL had spoken to the living; but it is to the dead that you have appealed. You have based your remarks on tw o points. ¥b l might have mehtiwei a third. aad said that truly Mussulman srve-aad iteei. Garibaldi is still onward, and he is at the head of been more hearty in support of the Emperor than at pre reigns love the conduct of honest men and follow theirHaws. Comptroller of said city, defendantt. and aJeges a s FRANCIS H a cause of action —lish and an unmistakeabte offer.. There is. however, no chance of England acceding to this "nice little arrange- ment' so long as Lord John Russell is at the head of the Foreign office. Let Prussia once consent to the arrange- ment, and the dogs of war are let, loose, for however will- ing a vrennan prince may be tot sell his territory for a met? of pottage, the rest of Enrobe will not look calmly on at any new accessions to French territory.the comments openly made upon the strong language of the English Foreign Minister in regard to la question Suisse, the thorough obscurity which enshrines the policy of France—all combine to impart a sentiment of general tuijionce. not the leas palpable that it does not visibly aflect miolic securities.1.rst—That mis ptaintis is a citizen of the '"n-tea" States, and a taxable inhabitant of the city of New York, residing within the baits of the Corporation of said city, to wit.—at No. I l l m Lexington avenue that be has re- sided at said No. I l l for the period of six years now last past, and has during all that time been saeeseed for the house and lot. No 111, aforesaid, and is Liable to pay taxes thereon, and will be assessed for and pay taxes thereon tor the year 1800 that his said taxes hare been constantly on tne increase, although the valuation of h s said house aad hK hea not increased during said period; that according to his best recollection the taxes le-<<reai anxiety is now felt about! Neapolitan and Sicilianbrag tested with guns made of caajt aad wrought iran arlairs, and a critical period has arrived. The march of great body of the 1rench people have never at any timeait army of nearly 30000 menj. and about to attackThalaaavB Ty*cs quotes a leuefj from Rome which Measina. I vieited that piace a few years ago, and Sent, and that this uttjiance. though it certainly doesstates that a sariow dmurbaace bad ^aitec place amongst without claiming to be "up" in niilitary matters, I should influence the commerce of France, is a feelingto suppose that certain Powers have consented to takevied upon said premises, exclusive of theCrotoa water tax,specting me votaig oa tin juestion of annexation to aar- no attempt has been made to fetter me other Powersou to one hundred dodars each, and appropriated the pro- »rcer iTcgreas aad liberty wli.ca oeacefbrth form the Francis iL Being Accrptal—fcdri&aius Police—Pre look upon France as the larsciites did ujpou that promised daiia — that subject. The French government, however, aay that ceeds of sa.d sales to their own tae.Uk. of iue pub.x;aw in the kingdom of Sicily.Fiir ef Jae great European l*owers—lif we are to beuewtae reports front Naples—are now bisi'y engaged in ef*t:.cg the recocv. .liat.on of Sardinia {with S'apiee whichwai panefthtspoll,yoi thenew IfoapolitanMinistryTi<^e; I'owers are Buas.a Fraoflej England aad Prus-paratttm* of AMtr%&—Condition of l~enetia—'lke t'onsti- Sand, where corn, and wine and oil. were to overflowJOSKI-HGasiBairi,CommanderaiChiefoftheNational ifsuchaproposalmouldbe|madethey»illstatetaeirFourth—And complainant further sailh mat said ball was given and he id at the Metropolitan Hotel, on the even- ing of the ?aiti £t>ih day of June. 1860 and that ail per- sons and residents of the city of New York, as well tax- payers as other persons of said city, were excluded irons saidbailanafromtnerooms inwhichmesamewas held, who did not possess and could aot present one of said uckeu of admiauoe to the persons who acted asdoorkeepersatsaid ball, andthat me money 01the city of New York and of the taxpayers thereof was used or fought to lie used by said committee, and oy the Common Council of said city, m the giving 01 baia aad entertainments, from which m i d taxpayers were e x - cluded, without aay legal warrant or author.ty therefor.And the pkuntii! lurther saith that, although only $30,000 were appropriated by said Common Council to defray the expenses nf receiving and entertam.i • said Embassy, he has been informed aad beiieve? and aa charges m e tact to be. that bills bare bean presented us an amount exceeding one hundred and twenty irunesne? dollars, and that me same have been audited and allowed by the Common Council, or by a committee thereof, ta the amount ot one hundred and five thousand dollars, for reception ami entertainmeat of Mid Embassy, aad that the said committee audited and allowed the bills of Messrs. Letand, the proprietors of the Metropolitan Betel, to the amount of ninety-one thousand dollars, which bill of said LeUmds eontamed the charges aade for tne ex- penseofsaidhail.And the piaatifi says, oa aiforaatioo sad belief, that the whole expense of said Leianas. connected w a h sa-tfiuturn GranUu by F.-aaci* U.-UTki EmUm (question— Wh:Maaacrt qf Oie Ciruriaai in Atia Minor—^tctwnwiUi their own fatnessA good deal of Imperial scandal is just r.ow on thetaiii?. U iS said that m e drape .-or made it a point that ne Should be prewntat the opening of his uncle Jerome s papers, and that Prince Napoleon a reply wa.- they had already been removed for safe custody to England." It is boldy asserted that amen.: m e m a r e letters .rom LJU-I ax-Kmg of Holland, solemnly assertinii that the marriage ofForces in Sicily,In virtue of "the powers conferred on him.Considering that the i-iciiian people will not ntil to becalled upon to vote respecting the annexation ot die island to the emancipated provinces of Italy either by direct sufirage or the medium of an assembly.obje< lion K> its adoption. (Hbar ) With respect to the revelation made t>y my honoijable friend last night, as 10 what transpired between me Emperor of the French and me KEfperorof Austria nt Viltafraaca. wi^i happeaeU on that 'WcasIon can only have taken piace between those two Sovereigns. I"3lievethat n<( other person was pre-Talidi by England andJT«se and Smoy, <£c.I have aothJig aew to commuflicate as regards Sicily,i'mnct-^yapohone a c tpeople tor whom h e has done s o mucu EvenAbout to * iiittoo eager, I might say, too Itucere. to make a good IT all this be true./it is possible that Prince NapoleonBut queer things happen m ail families, even when they are so well regulated as George m e Third's. There was— in fact I believe he is stul living—a m as called by his intimates Tommy Garth, It was wtusp- r \ ! that he was m e sun of oae of George the Third s daughters by General t arth. One day, however, me General believed liimseutobeiaextremisaudcallingtoaisbedsidehis putative son. he desired him. after his death, to inspect a certain car>inet,Jof which he gnw hiai the icey, as in it he would had a packet of letters of great importance toNews lrom Japan. FBA2AH,A>1)tO.'l8 NAGASAKI (JAPAN) CUR* n.AB.NAtlaaKij, Japan. May 1, lSbu Bus.nets has improved considerably of late, and theeiport of tea, wax, seaweed fee., shows a tnarked increase.Freights to China have advance!', and moderate sized vessels will find good employment a: current rates.There has been a Heel of ijouta dozen whale ships in portduringmepastmonth,rhicbhavereceivedouliits and repairs, and left again fo: theJanan Seas to cruiseThe Oiling in along fchore progresses very favorablydiplomat -4s regards Sicily, hd. Is sincerely anxious tol.!•eraie luat, ouutry. apparently more so even than tueSicilians who, now that the moment has arrived for themto act earnestly and caimly—for them to organize agovernment and an army, and show that they are worthyM^liberty—seem to stay all proceedings on their part andwait iaat otners do tor m e n what they should do themselres. Reside this apathy am the part of the Si:.Laos.who, nowtheexcitementproducedbythetirststruggleis over, no longer wish to act as sold.era we must takeinto account the too impetuous temperament of Garibaldi.He wiidies to go ou w.ih too much rapidity. In fact, ha mm The General got well, but Tommy Garth's cariosityHorses are being snipped to| flhasgrtae for tae ali.e=. for Embassy ana with said ball, did not s 11wul the smc ot ten ihousaad debars, and that before asad Bill waa so>is a man to march ahead there must come after him someperson to take care of wiiat he baacon-tuered: ne nolonger pr...js anytiung ouce he has succeeded in gadiingwas so excited that he managed to get hold of the papers, notwithstanding. They were m the handwriting of George the Third, thanking General Garth for saving the honor of his family, ano of the Duke •vfYork, m e Prince oT Wales, the Duke of Cumberland,0. The ccmiaunes Will pay to the deputies during m etune th« session lasts an aidemnity. which shall nut ex- use m m e north of Chma. j The American ship Kate audited and allowed a t ninety-one thousand doUars, i tHortense andconsequentlymore, that he was from m e tirst conversant with m e in- trigue that had subsisted between Vapoleoo the I. and his wife, aud tha: as for Louis Napoieon he was as much the son of me Dut-h Admiral as Count Morney w a s that o f Count Flahaut.may think to hold these letters ia terror^m over the head of the Emperor; not that I should think the man who with his own right arm. and his own strong hea: ha- rieen to his present lofty height would bate one ,ot o. his pretensions from any bugbear of this kindtt. With hicc it is e.*er onwards. No sooner had be ob- and the Princess Sophia, respecting his birth. The Duke and proceed.—horses to Shanghae, and the American bark Maryland also takes a quantity on French government account.We hear-that horses arc tc be shipped to mis port fromand said Common Council, or certain members thereof, that said Common Council, o r some portion thereof, should receive of the bill so audited and altowad. or to be auditeu and a-lowed. the sum of thirtylhree and anaHLiicd advantages ta :.c..y tiiku he Utough: oTat once of Tcrk s letter to the mace of Wales was to say—ia vary (« To the creaLon of the electoral councils: (I) to thethe '.'.enobta, 50, and Ssatiasila, 10, besides a large Rus-The Private Papert af the La.: JeAnue Bonaparte and the Lebanon or to Syria. If any commission is to settle ticular case we think proper.the Gossip* of Fori*, d e .That uneasy feeling I have so often reverted to m con-the attain- of this province, Europeans mast form a part of that commission, else the Christians will regard it as a mere farce, and I cannot wonder at their doing so. This very day, with 2,500 Turkish troops at their dis-Art. 6. Tfee above extensions do not derogate from therights established b y law for elrilactions or reparations,aad for the recovery of judicial expenses .v fltr as regardsonly the parties ciriDy concerned. A s t o those whichbelong to the state and the general administration of the half as ta behalf of all the taxable ahabitaau of aud cite finances, no further proceedings or ulterior execution willTbelieve I am only stating the fact when I say that the•iT—Fraufeec a a d •)vi Uzerlaad.In the House of Gammons on the 13th, Lord John Rus sell, in reply to a question 'whether all the eight Powers as well as Switzerland and Sardinia, have consented to take part in m e proposed conference on the subject of the 92d article of the fJeflnitive Act of Vienna, and whether there a any preliminary understanding netween the Powers as to the basis ou which the conference will bake place," said—I win state the facts as lar as they arewithin my own knowledge. My honorable friend teemsfootsteps .a the ways of just.ee and contempt of worldlygoods, for it is on high that little ones should look for anexample. Alas! we are far enough from doing so. Thepresent state of the Mussulman aad Christian empireseverything that is takintr place to-day was predicted byMohammed in his tune, and that is what gives such a l concilmg the 92d ajrticle otithe^ treaty of Vienna withthor.ty to h i prophecies. He has announced the annthi me 2d article of the treaty uf fur in, "and that a con-lation ol the Chosroes, and there are no more Chosroes: ference is only onj» of those modes. Tue Frenchhe t u also said that the Christian kings should government, therefore, have not summoned me con- wasteful administration of the government and the aflanraatatb by court aaartiai, but the FOjw Would not allow the wesi. The entire city and the harbor de'en :es can be John Russell, however strongly worded, will deter L.m maintain themseivee in power till the ead ol ference add asked j the othWr Powers to attend it.of taid city and the plaintiff alleges and .marges that saidataterce tofeeexecuted. shelled from the heighhs, andthetime and mat the severe jms of his people should be Her Majesty s gcjvenimenlt had no diihonlty m taxat.cn is to a large extent unnecessary for the good go- abandoned of God by realou of their injustice and live of immediately" sayaig thiit [they accepted the con -.ercmett and welfare of said city, and is onerous and op- the worlds goodir lastly be has said that the world shall fertuce as the bestj mode of considering this ?*.ibject pressive upon the taxpayers thereof.not end till the Chi iStians have become m e majority of but it does not appear as iar as wp know that any defin.- Second—And me p a in till'further sa.th that teretofore me human race. And that event cannot fail to arrive, tive answer has beeh given by the other Powers of Ku a resolution or ordinance was auonted by the Bea.d of because, as Mtslarn, th< authorized interpreter of Moham rope. \v e have ocen told—altiidui-a. 01 u&rse. tu> an A.dermen. which was concurred in and adopted by the mid, has said they hare above ail. four qualities whirh swer wjiilll no; com^ to UF,but to the 1 roach irovern Board ol Oounc.imca of said city, and was approved op ensure their future faeces*—clemency in victory, oosti- mem—taal Ausira and "niss;; have boil, shown snne the Mayor luerccf on the jth day of Jane, 19150. by wnich nacy m defeat, energy in retaliation, and char.ty to m em bis onward march, and that what is now done in Sa-voy wili be speedily done in Belgium. But he who goes 'ag*.« bald July U , oa the course to be pursued ia purchased here in England and Uiey are going out at much Jito society in Paris cannot do so without enco uiAt a caaJstwaw of trantlemen from all parts of timely out of harm"s way.Lately there have been tw o or threeSariro steamersbesiegerso ecom para-<mx u, Sjjily, loaded, witn m et Armstrong guos and teruig welt informed men Trom all m e surrounding counxuE.tion; of war. 1 lately saw aa English ex- tries, from each of whom he hears bult the same tale—Art.8.Thosepersonswillhavethebenefitofmeamtake place.ofNew York whomaycome maadbeBade partial, plaintiff therein complains of the Mayor, Aldermen aadArt. 0. Oar Ministers of Justice,!Public Works, Interior,part in the proposed conference. Now, the way ia whichthe matter stands .s this- The House will have seen from for the year 1854 was S74, or thereabouts, aad the tax aagovernment have proposed three different modesforre increase of over JOO per cent within a per 00 of five years, and that much of said axes have, in the opinionliiird—Aud m e pmtntid further says that, as be uu» M-ronites and tlie Draee«. The evil lias deep roots cYcry- send representatr es to it. JWita regard 10 the second been informed and believes, a Committee of Iteception of wi.tr.- Butchery an* muruer are gom;'on m all parts. question pfct to me aa tc -vhethf r aay prelim.aary arrange- .-aid Embassy was appointed by the Board of AldermenWishmn to make tfee uecessary arrangements towards sent at that uitovview. V e i L - e h a c varibu1 accrtuuts,The Council ol ILniaicr- having been heard, decrees —1. Ail c.tiacas oi 21 years of age are electors lor the bet I do u<« know that mere £ any authority whateveriocahty of their pritate dwelling, where the; must be re*.dent at m e nionicat of voting.•J. He is not an elector whoever has been regularly condemned lor any eilence, pending the periodJJfhis punishment whoever has been condemned for me crime of theft, fraud. ,mposture. calumny or permy. ior the space of tw o years after m e termination of his punish ment whoever has been condemned Tor criminality. unti. hu= recovery of emc rights.3. Ail electors of 21 years and upwards, provided they know how to read and write, are eligible.4.*AI1 the communes below 10,000 souls bare the right to elect a e deputy s i ! the communes above 10,000 souls and under 120.000, t w o denuties; above 20,000 souls, whatevermaybetheaumoeroftheinhabitants,three deputies.The commune of Palermo will elect ten deputies: that of Messina ana Catania five deputies each: m e ^land of Lipar: two deputies.foi it. .(Hear ) }jceed a) tan iTs. Id. 1 per day.ti. After m e publication of these presents the civiccouncils of all m e coanmt:aes will meet on m e 1st of JulyHooper, chartered by the French govera ment, takes 300 was understood and agreed by and between and lean dammilutr language—that Sophy was witb child by Ernest, choice of a place fur tae sittings of the committees i.c) to Kanagawa, and men to Shaaghee. ior the Lutrian. who third per coat thereof, aad that after making sach cor- proc»cu;ug to the raaui land. Wert he to conquer Nai>ies and that mere **,- the dev-.t to nay; aad mere were tet- the drawing up of the informations to be announced Iby are takJig up serural kw^e altips ji Chant to send here as rupt and scaadaioos agreement, the said fell! of saidLe-hac recwaaaared the beights of akshiaa and Melluao. and Rome, he wonid leave them* u their fate. ters from the rYnmess Sophia aad me Duke of Cumberland the pubi.i crier, and posted up in tue most frequentod transports.The attack oa Matluxo was axed bar the 19th mat. Aa- and march oa Venetrn. it is' this impetuosity (Ernest) admitting the gentle impeachment. Garth, who part- of the commune, for making known to the people Imports for the moati. for the Japanese market nave .u-aatiaai ions toe* place a; Messina on lite night of the 7th. was troubled with little delicacy, took post aad hastenod me operations in detail. creased considerably, compfising; invoices uf Amencanthat is now a serious draw-ack m the aSairs to I rogmore, where the Princess Sopbja was telling the ; The eiectorai conamittee in each commune will con- drills, ciuntaes, sapanwooit, dyesiuns. medicmes, esc. Gocncu to procure said biiis and said sume to beTie NeapoUtaa army was demoralited. The soidan of Sicily. There s. as yet. no government there, Gar. lady .a waitiDs; that Ue wanted to see his "mother.' Of sist "f the president ef m e civic council, who will preside American drills have been sold here at an advance oi and assessed opoi the taxable propel ty of said city, were deasrtiag. A tetter recti fad Here from Piedmont bald: s mmiatry has been dismembered, the Geaerai is course be was denied this til.a! request. But the follow- over it; of the chief municipal rnagistrate, of the o2i£er taeis 0.25 per pecul. Tea cltths-J-Taels 0 10 a 0 30 per to be levied and collected from the trTBflr'f lift^hiwialBTheydouotlikeexertion,comp|ainthat theyaresotac-manuedtheprideofthem. Teathousandayearaada peerage was the rep'y He returned a any or two after and ottered £a.00u a year andapiace about theis tn< oldest,and taeoldest notaryinthecommune.Aad if they are preveated by oiu age. absence, illnessJorany otiier cause, thef will be replaced by those who arelawfully next to meal tn rank, or tT these latter lad, Iby again bemg imported! from ghandhae as the old surplusadTicee from Pa.ermo to the ItiJ mst. state thatitheAfrn, wham stopped at in* port [of Paiarmo oa Use element JI the country, and are icung in such a manner a: Court. AL things were ready for signatures, when atcustomed to serve as soic.erj, una: there is 20 miiithrytermmedtocontinaehiscsaWign agauatailthatop- Court. He&always,nprison butwhenthingscometo the worst ana ne is about to take the benefit of the in-posas the gr»ai idea he wishes to carry out—the unity of solvent act. an angel comes to him anawares, pays'^'& Italy. *To do this a* will I fear, leave the Sicilians to get nabi.-.t.es and avoids all exposure.precedingarticle,seeaaaarycommitteesequalinnumber to the parishes shallfee formed: each of them win consist of three civic councilaTS, me olden of whom shall dis- cnarge the duties of pies-ten: and the youngest those ef secretary, of tae cureef ircapriest or of such aa are law- fullythen-substitutes,andoftheoldestnotarytoawaagaafeandLionigKoag.;WeAnticipateabriskcosi-ness m a summer, as the Japanese are more and mored.-posed to eater *nto contrasts with European.- for sup-plies for the Chinese and home markets. Tea—The a s reeaaent above set form.export of Japan teas coatmue to be scarce, and The paintm* therefore demands judgment that tea asentpraicipaliytoShanghae,whereitapreparedfor saidMayor,AldermenandCommonaltybeperpetually foreign shipment" We quote greeat So. 1. itsebu, to a 5£ aad forever restrained and eajetned from ta 1 No.2136a^Tperpetal: rewfeilk,(so.1.ltsafeu,Sa9per levying themateaehandledaad arealong the best way they followers proceedtotheandwith haown Someyearsagt>heranawaywiththebeautifulwileof land, attack Xapusc Sir Jacoh Aaiiey, and datighiar of Sir Henry Dash**- ted. rouse the subjects of the ijope aad, having Bfceforsookahaniaomehuabandand £-t0,iK)0 a year wThis committee w si be assisted by the Secretary of the Cfwict'ouaciLthey willend*by accept.u; the proffered concession afFraacis II from mart supiaanaa Let us hope that sacu The negotiation, therefore, fell to the ground. Batwillaotjethecase. Garibaldi s,Iamwailaware,do- TommyGarthtomisanyissupported,Iamtold,bythe rishesbesidesthecuonmittee.ooranosedasaboveiuthe rrcatact.v.tydispiavedatiuepresenttuaemship,Mng BOrightorpowertoleryandcollecttaxeefromthepeo-I acs afraid that _the- thai great liberator aril She die. about a year after having borae bus a daughter. tee. In tha case tat younsest must withdraw and h» pected from the country. Wi qudte itaaba. 340 a J t upon the property a the taxable iithsbrtaaa thereof, aadh tadiJpawargaaizedItalycaaaoicompetew.tnthetrained aad wad discipuaed actuies of Fraacis Joaepu.WillFrancaisthatcasesaadaaatherarmytotoesadofplace fillec up ir. me Manner above indicated 10,Asthepaceofsittingfortheelectoralcommittees.per pecul Coal—Full suppias liez fed 50 per tea, de from coHectiag any part of said money for u s e s ta sanf hveredonboard. Iranabemgexportedfreely,aada city,aadthattheComptrollerofaudcityfeeSaICurre«pouaeac«oftheLonaonNews. BBXBOCI. June Si 1*W-:, to the somber of 1JM0, by ber nbilikdia l a « r s ahms Of tha sate of Mr-el-Iaaav, aot than thirty haveescaped, TUeAkm i llMP*- The refugees say that the larkish ootdjers atdari wrft l a eDraaes. heipisf them ta batcher tha people, aad that theyth-Sultaa'g troops, ware the onlf P*aP*e who in- of wham aula tawsset with the wars:a panic la-saw.a Meawaa waa kilSed ta a qaartwlaaeetiag everythhag sfgsfe aukwi ef thebs aaaawyfi* tat goodwitht/kriiuia a^ritawSmba in»»^ln«i ;!*•«tuIia»jTiAl.me largest and most centra! churches wili be chosen.i: Ta-;.icctoraicoara.ueeswillmeet oathe MtitofJune.worth now itaebo Ta 9 per pkui. Vegetable wax—But entcaed sad restrained from paying the "Baaae, er aaallsupply. Wequoietuebu£ a 2dperpetal;beas- partthereo:.totheaaidEelaada.ortosayotherp< wax, ttMfeu XTa It sea weeu. large Ko. 1. itaebu 21a or aeraoas whatevera neopte for iraom she has already aaae so much* It Haoubfinl or at any fata slue wariM to avoid any *wh ae- Aflairs at thai proTinea aretoofcaagWSIPSTITaad hiackar- 12. The arst act of the committee will be ta open a re- •M muahrooaa. Ne. 1, T2 a i. ismcaai,« a be: rer-L.S. CHkmgLD, pauatifl •I'asteraavwehadthessarfiilaewaofthevillageofDear gister,inwhichwillfeeiaearieed everydaytheiropera ceaaav flairr at tha preaant tame to say certain know S-Kamar*being sacked, burnt, and erary Christian male, tioot and the rt.-oiutaas adapted. Iks aeeahons will be'tha Emperor Napoleon it emteararmf to restraia the number of two thousand and more being put to the rested in the aajorisy. SheoM eae er twoef the seem • from' becaamutg a itlfwhwdssttet uastaad of a Sword by the Druaes, who a fortnight ba&re had disarm hersfeeib .eat «* will he filled by these aexiFrance wishes to stslKcily free, her lailttu- ed them ill cold blood. The women and'chiidren were tn auccessi<«, id theae also fiul to attead, fey a pscal; »itt SSjee goods 7 s 9 per catty, dowered stotii, allowedtoescape,aadreachedthemottooftheDamoor sefSOBchosen,bytheciviccouacd. IncaseofaUein'agc^tsosaMUformed,aadthe by a saasMwsa army. Garibaldi must nil work wtal aa he gosa along if he wtehesitha anj.»- af so shr asanas; A*oTsra|ajs]ai Louis Mapalaoa, whoriver, half way bmawsa this aad SOon. yestaruay, thevoting, the preside twill have a easting vote. Ike -, a2 easfe.they were brongbt ap laat night aad this mora committees with the civic oouacils ro- *'v iFX, '^> £*h**J2t r ° !"»*•• doflsn eepper,IZ.Gorafmatt daymee book, eaaed the regawaref theefm open for a t ieaatHI isMUwrThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069IXA2A1 AM) CO.'SItry of tfee I iDuring this H"Untitled Documentment has been come jt w :m the Powar- respecting thebasis of a settlement tne French government have fromthe beginning stated [that the pniy practical basis 1-. matme Powerl should eiiuearor U reconcile the ninety secondarticleofthetreatyoiViennaW:mthesecondarticleo:the ••enscofsaucityofNewYork andplaintiff a.eremat, treatyofTurin,andtheyassupivUaatthatwulb-to"UghtBremer, is confirmed. They w r e taken en July 5, in the ooservatioti which ban been inade more than onee ui lins rniti'-e chose to designate or select and compamaei sayaisle of Ischia, and immediately conducted tu the fort, from which they were sent to Naples m e next dayThe foi.owing is th« law promulgated byGaribnidi re-House, that me Trench goverpmerjt proposes to tie dowi^ me oiher Powers beibreliand |igiaist any arrangement by which any |jart of i*«voy may be se|jarated from iran e,lie uai been informed and believes tha: said eonim :tee anu sume of the members of the Craamon Council sold a large number of said tickets, at prices ranging from teasmall,inbeads, sellaforM|xicaa StioaSaoperpecui. Snpanwaoat a m good demand at itizebu 9 a 11, or Mexican $8 J0a $4|>er pecul. i Ounese medicmes, asaortod, areforSheensuingyear,andtoprocurethesametobe layiat aud collected as such taxes.And the pa-nun mys that the Mayor, AJaermes and Commonalty of the said city inasi m no power or au- tliordy to impose- levy aad collect team from the a x - able inhabitant* of m.d city to be expended in r-v>cg; balls andentertainments,ora receiving aadsupportme:saawi-'t—The arritals ofjproaaee frTm thecountrya. Should the comsr-une be divided into several pa- bare been more extensive thaa noted before, and there .s guetts or Strang- •%of aay grade, cast or nation, aad nave•J The relations and connections to the third degree im-ceded in so doing, attack the Austrians in Vei sue share penury aad imprisoameat with tittle Cat Garth, ciusireiy eannot sanattaneouaty torm part of the coatmit cattv Copper But a small atoc& on hand, but more ex- opoi- the taxable property ef said city af Nw York, e ras: Bihaaws, 50a TO;leu roes,131al£i;stlns. lb a W cuttie tah, U i U ; broom staff, 8 a f per pecul. saltpetre, 14 a & , salphur, 17 a 19. drieda 32: eaaspaor. 17 a If: fungus, 7 a P perThe18th, raQaeenatown 19th,,to New Tort at tear o'clock tha iMiasaahirCity o fEX.,s.r.,3*ifti,\m.Cape Race oa:, Levi S. Ciiataeiu, of m e city of New York, plaiatifl ia thai action, who brings tha action as well a ha own be-and belief of m a paintifi been imposed for unworthy o b - jects, and have grown out of a corrupt, improvident a a dlaaus was and .ted and allowed at said sum of ninety one thousand doiiars or thereabouu. and the phunt.C says mat it is the latentaae sad design ofp-cofthecitytogiveordonatetotheaaeuabosoftha Common Council of said city, or say of them, or to pay ui ca or to carry into effect the corrupt aad fraudulent www.fultonhistory.com 