 NKW.. , i ,. ,. i»<w.' <•' ,.»,.v.t f*.-w-y that • Jraaoa the n-m. ofthr Dtcuu-r. that a vst. ,be Utea co the u t.-i "JBof aeo'-xaliuu to eW«i»»iaTbetohafcrUuW cf ©the* towns, in awunvetioa h*A re MMuaaaahanev-hhoringouawaaaastoMadw provfl»s.Ihn whole of imierao w a bamc*d.sl and fjrt,3et CarihaJii hhit a great number of grenades at his daaawl.TOKK HKRALO, FRIDA Y , tkt.ofany r^tysUxmgeaoaga to putaaamicabletor-BBmotion to mere sectional agitation.tn port ant Debate am t h * Stove l-srada l a ttoeMrItlsto Parliament.li. the Ilr.us* of Commons on U a 8th tost., Mr. CavaJUN"K 2 2 , 18G0.-TRIPLE SHBBT.not Sontjoint remDuslranos on ihe part of all t|ft da*intheBlockEx&a* •* fen. <"«•«.«'Powers interested in the suppremiou of the stove amounts wssaobtainad from tho beak.1 vM-al .FMt misWalT.ru-e to ask the Secretary of Sato tor Foreign AAlrs t v I * * ' " * " L j r t ? \ « £ 7 d a months ntoee beam* Other royal troops aMUofu-d in the aeirhborlaod of the wLettn-r bis attention had been directed to the Itrader England individually has failed; but such a In the discount market likewise therV wm • * » **»-inaainlrsiirr aa we have indicated might succeed.At all events, the experiment to worth a trial, aad T,wa bone that it will yet be made, la tho mean That a de«aite arrsafement has beat SMSW' * the latuna we cannot but regard with satlsfocttoa the sincere traduction of a Russian loan to coaflrmed, aad taw* « • •deete evinced by U a present government of the United of exchange oa St. Petersburg ooassquenUy coatiaaea to i-tatos to put down the stove trade; aad the Preament*rt"^"'Jl i * r ^ a W «r an Omai Pasha ••«•» burtou in u a wanwa I*J» ^ „ , „ m u e , , garioalbCu-tewj HOBMhad gone ever to GanbtiMi wita arms and anuii<:n>t««. InlueacewasabaexertwedbyOaraahti'a ag-nu m the other |«rtk>ns of Wat Neapolitan army.M the lTesidcnt cf Ua Catted States to Congreas, 1Mbdsyc.fMay,resportingthestoreundo,sadwhether Let Majeaty 's government bad received aay t»«£*t com .messagetomoresignificant,saronungatatimewhenthe advance. revival of this nefarious traffic to openly advocated to the known.Thedetain, of theamir, however, areuaEnableprivacy,but*•thinkthat*"**,*\*?.*,"? I^i^-m^TbTao^ehi. saasareammmrd aljsju'sala.utew.eemakinganyfreshpropoaabtothat gewnaont on this subJKtt Tbebonorahto gentleman had ao doubt atailthatthegoveromei*oftheUnited btatos wassla- eeri iv ucsiro* to assist us in the suppression of tho atoelrade, but anmrtunatoly there was a Lar^por-soSadisgraceUafreeslockwhencetheyhavesprangas to saoptTrctrograde policy oa this momentous^onostaa. Humanity and prudence alike forbid a revival ot the stove traittotheUnitedStates,andwedonotdoubtthatthe ITealdent s advice wnl be approved by an overwhelming majorityofUiSfellowcitisens.JAMBS HEWITT AITS CO.'" CIRCULAR.I rv unroot, June S, ISM.Store onr circular of the 1st tost, the Asia and rnltoa have arrived, bringing nails from New York to the 884 and28th,andtelegraphicdespatchesfromtheSouthern cities to u a 24th ult.Com*.—Extreme depression aad liretntority^eonttooe, and prices have again declined aboutoneebjBta of a peony perlb.,withoutinducingspeculatorstoenterthemarket or tempting the trade to buy beyond their immedate reRailwaytramcfortheweekendingJuneSshowsaa eHtttmeat<gNtosaBaya*lamj), who lliirtoji*""*The fefegtah Admiral had anMuneed the m.aiog- of aa 3^nZ-ema«>Mim*d.ikt aoreoirariy to»* >r araifttice.by steamboat aad stage to the uart tiae c* eevea «ay*> TheLondonIff**statesthatIheacceptonootOfMSBV*.actualtravel.*his,cmml«8t!aim*,»**%«£,pneeut. theduelbetweenGartbatdlandthe*«**»«««Immediatelyaftertb-annexaU'-nofNiceaadSawSwS.taera, 'as^wea aa tuose aem oftcW Mac. neaal>oabyEurope. tators Uw comma and awral officers of lite cuier r.W«»*««•*H*h>wr»»ktw***!r»gni«t',ar ueartng the btaiup of truth, the description Erripeu bas adjourned the rati* alien.Kivt-u of ttieKtuUan »evw-«,ac bravo; willing to ftght if A letter front Rome, hi the t'nton, says the health of the) werettboMU how, bt.rmnj; with hatred a*aiu»t the Cajvl'uu! Wb-emss inspires great uneasiness; successivwfrom America... Known E. India to arr. by 1st Sept..— 86,000 251,000132,000the a eek ending 2d show an increase of £To,000, com- pared with the corresponding week la.=t year. The corn market was firm Ibis morning at an occasional advince of Is. on the rates of Monday.PxKin, June 0, 1800. Bourse ha« been very flat today. F.nal quotations ofRentes, 67 80., being a decline of % since yesterday lojioox, June 0. 1*60Fv.nd3 flat, owing to a decllue on the l^ris Bourse.Kovrrnment, but incapable of making any tmprewlua relai«ies leav little hope of hw recovery.on the regular lorces, *nd ab|p mvry to keep np a i«r K was staled that the French government was about to— 41,000 138,000India and China, and prices have consequently declinedabout }£&.per pound on yarns, and21.to31.perpiece on cloths, closing heavy at the reduction.SIOAK.—The market continues inanimate, and prices have still a downward tendency, beiug now about Is. per ewt. below the quotations of this day two weeks. The imports continue on u liberal scale, and the stocks in•coirKvde with our hope*, and that we fully believe that the present month will witness the Anal overthrow of Bt>wboii authority a the island.THE NEW KING OP SICILY.comparative obscurity, and the practice itself is almost an iuevUa*Me result of the enormous extension and deve- lorxment of the republic Whilst the great men of the Rt-.olution. and the school of statesmen trained under their immediate guidance lasted, politicians were marked out for the Presidency by great services, which the people gratefully recognized; and the compara-ages had been destroyed by every kind of violence. The rase with respect to China was wholly different, Inasmuch as the people there were highly civilised and subject to severe laws, and the government possessed very efficient powers if they chose to exercise them. It had been hitherto an object which bad been attended with success to employ the agency of the Chinese government in put-consequence of the Increased supply, as consumption pro- misee an equal magnitude.THE VERY LATEST. TELEGRAPHIC FROM LOUDON TO QtrsSSSTOWy. SICIL Y .humor prevailed.FIRSThonsns.—The Excelsiors led off at the bat, andIt wa» said that thrre were t , W sink and wounded anunicmtteuA from the government of the IJnltod States, orfouthem States. We shall soon see from the recent ion ofthemessagewhatchance thisagitationbaaofsuccess. TheimpressionstillisthattheamountwillbeW/XW.OOOWe trust aad believe that tha Anglo-Saxon race will never rouble*, or about £8,000,000 sterling.iho stag* dew* ttomtha IM frew* alitor* » . rived this evening, br*ngng paasengers from Red r m ramongtheroyaltroops. •(>ue thoustatid viHuuU'erH from Chglan bad daeteJenrkMfaae*s«T-*«»»hi.countrymenmaytrusta* IntheaffaifatCoanatanaraaaaUfoagttwell,but Uc*a/.merieancapitalbrrestedtothattrade,al- wnre ulia rteijr repubvd. The NenpUilaaa lust 900 men. th-ifih the cittoens of the Dotted States genefAttr wereF. EcrnoaUi, merchants in the Levant trade aad exchange dealers,werereturned a tow oaysago. Thehoaatoof somo standing, bat Ua amemtof the habiUMeato be. lieved to be limited.The London Herald says it is stated that more than on? project baa been brought under the not ice o f t h e French governmentforthebuildingofUrgesteamers,tobeem-ployed in the undo with the East.The London Timet city nrttclo of fVMtoy enomg tars:—Englishfundsareagainwithoutmaterialvariationtoda/, hut a general increase ia deaand for money has added t o the tendency to heaviness. Daring t h e •hntttog o f con solsthebanks,uptotheUthofJuly,willmake their usual advances on stock aad commercial bills with tat more than six months to run at the msttog minimum.Loans on government oecnrittos to demand to-day to thestock,foe.,at4pereeat.Inthediscountmarkettherewasmuchactivity.InforeignexchangetheratesonViennaandTriesteare sl.gbtly more unfavorable for the Austrian carrency.road, from the tote heavy ra'as, a ancedeated trip- ttia atoamst Aasoemade the trip up Che Ret.rtrev of Vtoft from Fort Carry to Oeorretown—a dtolance offour hundred miles »S> three and a half day 1 flhe connected with Burbaak hCo.'s tine of semi weekly horsestages,whichrunsbetweenheresatthere,rto Alexandria, Breckinridge aid Fort Ahercrombto. O at. Kennedy, U a distinguished explorer s a t Arctic a a n gator,aadMrJCrtoimak,theaiactoalprostataof the steamboat aad Mages, war* among (he pamcatauTbe crop are to good ooeoitan at Red rirer meat,andthefarmershaveseattoStPealaardors for agricultural imptemenu Heretofore w a y have been accustomed to advance as the Btotooa Bay traders U»e price of merehaatise aboat a year beforere- ceivingit;aadtheyweregratifiedtolearnthatthey saw would not he required to make paymeat tula* articlewasreceived.Ihepeoplethereexpertmackde- lightattoi»ww4y€atiO)ltohedB»*sirioroomm»nic»AaBThefcacceasof this line ot travel seems fully to the predictions of Ua Hauuw,medo apwards of a ago. <n* steamer Northp, it will bo remembered,bunchedinthespringofll^f,andmadeacoupleeftrips tothevicinityof LakeWianepeg tost seaaaa. Herma- chinery has beta since improved, and ahe is now under the management of experienced officer*. During the past month she made the entire trip up and down, to tow water, successfully. Tbe river is now three fret hlgha than when she first came up in tbe spring, aad for a t the distance to Fort Garry it to navigable for the large* class of MUeiasippi steamboaU, in ordinary stage a* water. It is free from snags aad b.» .dbars the entire dis- tance.Norarttheretreesprojectl^gfromthebankstoimpede navigation. Tht banks are high and grassy.But you will ask, does this boat pay, or to it runningfir sensation? I answer, it is entirely a business eater prise, and doe* pay. J. C. Burbank k Co. purchased 'to facilitate their extensive Northwe • wu expressnesa. And they now have a conlr.,ct for the ti portation of five hundred tons of g>Jds to the Red river settlement for t b e Hudson Bay Company a a nually for four years. Besides the Irsnsporuttion of Ui _••» goods, there is considerable freight in agricultural toots and other merchandise for the farmers on Red river.The stag<9 between St. Paul and R>d river are first class four bpr»e coaches, stocked w M the best horses. From St Paul to thi- place—se.-eniy-five miles—ihe stags is dally; from here to Red rirer, semi weekly. The t.»t seventy ml!e«> of tbe route west of here k through the beautiful valley of Sauk river, which is no* pretty thick-ly ;-ettled and la'd out into tint farm*. The route con- tinues along the State road to Breckinridge, in a dire * course about twenty miles north of the trail followed b /,"«EStwOrdershadbeengveatothevariousbandsa*iamir- tm»l«l to tt lb*employment of steam*iruaboato*J?L*Zr iho « laaaafeirotiy indicated. 1*» one gentbtoeoBt^eatrateiurtoettnalcombat. Tow- coast of Cuba bad fallen like a toumder-S ^ « ^ a i f f 5 Z p V r r - a t f a w that from the rsat- I J X i H f l a l ^ toe%w*t intercourse which e x ^rum, JaaaT.lMn. boH upon tho people engaged to the slave trafflc, The Patrie of to-d%jr say* that according to the latest u a they therefore determined to procure the reeaU•Mniry, wis or has great bnutes to obscurity.'«•»»,J »-despatch**, a .thing had changes at Palermo, t i e capita (at:un had not yet been signed. Garibaldi had caatitatnd a ministry, aad bad appointed a gwroraar of Palermo and oftheprosbaa. Behadlikewiaeordeeedaaeatraordl- aary levy, and had issued many decrees for energeticallyef tbone gunbaats if possible. The American people t*can»c excited on the subject of the right of search,sad the American government became uneasy, aad at length theservicewassoarduoustoUaoxucorsemployed,to aascaneoce of the difficulties thrown la their way, thatBeardlibyUaworldformonth.,and,*».J^JfT*"i ^ o f ^ e r o w a i i * . t i a o r > at 41a*** amctode »queoceIravaT* toaosnohtotortograpbei year* later to a - carrying on the war. OMM* Garibaldi's aawcavastaaa we were compe«ed to do one of two thtop, eittar to re-threatened with heavy puaahmeato those who aaoaU committheft*urTina8aToy «|«egtloa. GaaavA,June7,IMS.fv*au, which have the fowl time la detail eicall the vessels or to prevent their iuterferiug at all withanyshiphoistingtheAmericanflag.Hethought froma passage in tho Iltatdeata message to Congress, thatthereweresignsofanintentiononthepartoftheAmeri- qtrirements. Thetorgeaccumulationcfsuppliesinthis cangovernmenttosetmorecordiallywithher Majesty'sacnb- for tSa »r*t liarchaaewdth«fiac*ofEurope Battle*areBOWfoughtinaa i^pEihaaira with the eager public of a hundred nmtou. Tato^eaaas.hakmg on,whilethe «w>«J entering ofthe am^timtj^trie-."£[^iiSjJiporthasremovedallanxietyforthepresent on thepart ofspinners,for.notwithstandingtheenormousconsump- tion and export demand, many weeks are likely to inter- vene before the supply falls bctow one mtlifon of bales; and nothing seems likely BOWto stimulate the market to permanent activity short of weH founded prospects of a diminishedproductionintheUnitedStates. Thestock harehasnowabout,orperhapsquite,reachedth-maxi-governmentinsuppressingtheslavetradeoathecoastof f*««* la h*ag foegfct out under ^ - 2 2 * V 2 2 2 a « France wit aadreaa a cote to the Powers, notifyiog the Cuba. It seemed snonstrous that,year after year, to defi- correspondents, ton/hlto, artiste, « ^ " 5 " * J T , i 5 T 2 ? f fact, aad deaaadmg a repry, as a reoogaitiwi of the an- ance cf the most soicma treaty obligations and dtreeUy to the teeth of America aad Engtond, that Spain should persist to carrying on tha Iniquitous tramc. There were atpresentinCuba400,000slaveswhodiedattherato oftonpercentannually. FortythousandwereannuallyItisatat^thatimmediatelyaftertheformalaaaeaa.aa» ft l*•» •*»*«•#* Hattaerc sJioold »e inde tionofitoaiyaadNice,Friace willaddrcasaBotetotin toaartod. andtftherewasanyfurtherdeficiency Itwas mum,beingto-day1,36*,000bales,against830,000atthefora«oo<imm to bo*•»»«c»oaedtothennWic \*„.i^x w.tneMeatoor«tr»dlrttboflow;a«ert»««^J*EuropeanPoweranotifyingthefact,aaddemandinga replyaaareeognltkmoftheannexationbyEurope..-unpUedbyintroductionsfromChinaandYucatan.The Airiericai.swereboundbytheAshburtontreatytoemploy i ighty guns in the suppression of the Cuban stove trade, but he thought their ctbrts wooU be much more efltoa- cious If they employed a smaller sad lighter ctoss of eaVprovedthatnobulletinswerebeingissued. mmmmm saaaaaatoa Urnsrato;toe s«aalaars/Ms ftoodordinary.45Jd.a»«d. Sirs.PauBrnerandherdaughters aecompaaied by Mr. r*osastow iatayat cratat sopsuur, t.aawara aBMSSTat- Uw middling.. 6,id.J«i(WtMh-hn,aodto»VwtheworldthatJ*ttthwow-IrdV ofe»ea» wbh* win ri«hUy direct Ha J a t a a iAi4oi«h £or«a» townaneuta nay not fimrfWy iaUrarettT^^^tfSrty. yet their ad-raa may, at a o ye<*kjr,ucvare, »> wtiaaary. a^d rt teof a>anaMlaportance TAie health of Prince Jerome B-maparte bad ao far im- tels. H aw*rata «***t fo«Vf» aa«e alto torJtajayt Maiw «b»uldlearaarrirau-iyhowbothaldeanrnvecoa-tedatelastyear,showingasIncreaseofTS3,00Qbales- stockofAmericanatonebeingl.l&tpoo bales. WoThe French government bad reanested the B>Hgiait Cabinet to make proposals with the object of concluding a evnunerfal treaty.There were no gold operations at the Bank to-day. Ordinary »Xd.a*Kd. oXd.altfd. 4Xd.alfti. The Doily JTna «Uy article of Friday evening aaysi—Bort«-dibi-mdfch-a.natwithwhataortofnanwehareto Se«2 The Neapolitan d«.MtfUe» hav<- been proved to be tea* no th» o U w hand, im*r* tr»m the fficiliaa* would t» awpw-ied of enafterwlton. it la from the neomnta furn *hed by reaponalha and Impartial authorilwa th»tit is the tiigliab and K"renrb natvws awrt judfe how far 'i .In n L i n laiianm itir TT—\' in the Neapolitan domi- n;«<M«, »nd io rMwgnlw the goremnent it riublishcs mbrn it nball pf>\«- vtctorteua.To th<- .nltghieanunt of the workl im these points theIrtliTs of «>or cum-apondvnt *iU Urgely contribute. They i<f lb* garrison of Lyons, liave received orders to hold lt.ru J. Rvswtu-said he was anxious to state, before Brts, consumption, Ac., from the 1st January to date,torKaulkner, the American Minister, bad been presented to the Emperor and Empress.The Cunmasioners appointed by the King of Sardinia to BX the boundaries between .Savoy and Nice and Pied- mont haw arrived In Paris, to come to aa un.lerstandi.ig with the French Commissioners, ao as to bring th- aff.tu- U aconclusloa.ieanad aeicos* by beiiHsv toe Ja*r«aa eetor*.m Am- rasawsmt canto to uaasdmrlg oaaalbd to awaoul aer. (Hear, hear.) _ .' Mr. KIXSAIB thanked the honorable gentleman for hav- ii g introduced the question, and wished to learn from tho Huigu Secretary If it were true that offers had boon mace by the American government to co-operatewith her Maiesty's government in suppressing the slave traflVtMMdltngGood middling.od.6 * d . •Kd.even a fractional variation occurred throughout the day, business being remarkably languid.In the other departments of the Stock Exchange equal inactivity prevailed; prices, nevertheless, were support- ed. The commercial demand for money to-day was de-cidedly more active.A brisk business was done at the Bank, partly bybrokersseekingtheusualquarterlyaavancc. IntheopenThe Fifty-fourth and Seventy-ninth regimenaof the line, and the Twelfth battalion of rid men, forming partJairThe imiiorts for the week have been 112,000 bales, andUa sales 48,000, including that sent from the quay direct to spinners The trade have token 09,000, speculators MOO and exporters 8,000 bales. To-day 8,000 bales were astd, the market closing dull. The subjoined table exhibits the stocks of cotton now on hand, and the img,v. ihr bwtorj- of this eoU-rpriae from its begjiuint:; th'-rr.. Ives ready to march to Annecy, in Savoy. maw-wing the question of the honorable- member (Mr. verpool alone, compared with the three precedingtbey»!«.'«Garibaldiwithbv»twoves.**inandhisliUlr- tuv),thatbeperfectlyconcurredWillitheremarks bard an-aming rato Ua- har'jor uf Mamala. the »iixii-t) . Tin- recent storms are reported to have done a g r ^ t ninth had fallen from the right honocable rnomWr fornwp^ouiR »ntot*rrt*,of tba royal authoriues, the tele- deal of mischief to the youmt wheat, and a rise of three the University of rn.blin (Mr. Whiteside), in reference to Kraubiug !•• PaVi-run>, ilie ftr»-»t fruoi tb>- iv«i, the eu- fraiics at the corn market on Wednesday weighed upon Colonel tlnel. He thought that the character of a public t!,.rf a*tK rudng frf thp intobltant-i, and the acci-jrtanee of the Bourse It is reported by the Journal <UHavrt, in t flicei « ho had served with great distinction ought to be Garibaklia*theirWadetbythf RT^TIIUbands, whotill referenceto thetreaty with Abyssinia, which wasre piiservedunsullied. Willirogaidto thoquestionofthe ihi-u »t-re without a plan ui a drthiite purinee. We re- girded na an indication of hostility ;o England, that the slave tiadc, it was one which must deeply interest thoHouse and the country. He should add nothing to the stalt meut of the honorable member for Shorehuin iu re- forfr.ee to the present state of the question, the negotia tlnistondnctod by I/ird Malmesbury, and th attempts whk h liat bts-n made lo excite the jealousy of AmericatiiMn nartaro In the mountainous region *hu:h in' reuse it* squadron on the Neapolitan station. in order as t. tLe right of search. It was unfortunately* too true (bruiK th«- nwrthM«ateruabKl<'of the viand. IhU u* the that a!! French subjects residing in Naples might be taken thi.t the slave trade was extensively carried oa in Cuba,126,000 The Manchester market for goodf and yarns has been unfavorably influenced b y discouraging advices from EastHK',l*nymithwhomGunhaWIfoundathislandingwerenot pert* ct Ui«i-8, tbry liad at leaat one high quality ofHOMMTH—tb.*j Wuew b>w to chooep a leader and how toob#y bun » W i ihe lirft day of his landiug Garibald: or 10c l^wer llian yesterday.IK. anw virtually lb*1 g>n« ralissimo of the Sicilian Inaurr«l son, and during the nvnlh which has pa*»ed there hasrwu no ri «.stai.e< to bin authority. No narrow jealousy,The French government luive agreed to permit the temporary importation, free of duty, at the three ports of Bo.ilogne, Cuiais and Havre, of samples of British produeebe had been atrentrthening hhwawlf. bow the wholedwtrirt uf the city occupied by the troop* » u bar- shipment cf these auxiliaries the soldiers would have«fcv a cat ta>> crMiarr bad no power to fix her, t-wign if aAna>* crwwer ••.ere imsiaht th* latter v»«ud be autbled to « •m>. Her Majt sty's government had proposed to th.- gov- Western white crrment of the United States that by keeping the British Southern redPer cental..10s. 3d. a 10s. 111. ..Us. — alls Od. .Us. —alls. 3d. ..Us. 6d. a 12s. 01.Per barrel...... .26s. a 27s. 61. .27s. a 28s. — 28s. a 30s. —ricaded and defended by cannon, how he w * ableto take in Bank the attacking coramna of th.«insurgents, nag, aa the other hand, how tew werethe disciplined troops of Garibaldi, and how unfitcomineuceci going on board themselves.Western redo'aboard.b«t*.«i,30000and40,000slavesbeingannually import- ed into the island. It was also true that it was carried on in contempt of the treaty between this country and Spain, and that at present there were no efficient means for suppressing it. This want of efficient means arose fr< m various causes, one of which was, as ha i been stated by the bonortiblc gentleman, the jealousy on the part ofPaais, June 8—3 .10 P M. The Bourse lias been very dull; rentes closed at 68 20,no luaular prejudice, u'> prefi-rrnce for any local leader has and martuiacture transmitted to I*aris in connection with Amerka of any regulations that could interfere with tho Crcat Britain on the 1st inst. amounted to 110,000 tons, o jiturbed UM- haraony whir* cxista between him and his the inquiries now pendiug for assessing tlw new F^reuch fT«-e action <>! American vessels. Another caus« was the against 02,000 tons at the same period in 1859. The de-Consols quoted K ke*er. Business extremely inactive, Gov. Stevens in his Pacific exploration, and traverse* a and a dull feeling prevail*, partly in consequence of the rich rolling prairie country, dotted with handsomefolk-wera. The «cilanchi..-fs have postponed their daims, tnriff, in pursuance of the provisions of the recent treaty imperftction cf the American law. An article had been livcries for consumption for the five months ending thegrounds and adorned with splendid lakes. All who come over it are enthusiastic to their admiration of the beauty and tranquillity of tbe scenery, as will as of the fertility of the so!! and the indications of itn devetopem?nt. Capt. Kennedy brought from a farm in Snuk valley some stalks of rye six feet lotg, which he tntt nda to carry to Tore .to.The arrival of t'aree military companies at Fart Aber-gloomy weather.The directors of the luion BarA have issued a circular,in which they deny that they have recovered any amount of the money of whkh the Bank was defrauded, through information obtained from the committee of the Stock Ex-Vie may paaa over the earlier part of the campaign,pausing merely to ohaerve that the battle at Oalat, Kimi, surrection at home, so excited is public opinion becoming seen by ot.r cruisers uuder the American flag, but they wheat have advanced 2d. to 8d. per cental, closing very-r»prf«ente<l by the Neapolitan* aa a victory, aaenvi to in Piedmont. It was reported that, aa a kind of half were of course unable to interfere with them, and though Strong to-day at the improvement. Flour has bean In tion about £10,000.the land ownera, and er»-n a portion of the clergy, hare transferred theu- aUegiance to him as the lieutenant of Victor Emanuel, and the eunsequeucu baa been a unity of nio\<-meiit and a wwipletenesa ot succeaa onanrpassed m the history of waroi commerce.introiii-cf-d by his noble friend (Lord I'almerston) iuto some of the treaties in reference to the slave trade called the equipment article, but there was no such provision in1st tost, were 176,000 tons, against 173,000 tons for the same time last year.S a r d i n i a .Tut Paris correspondent of the London Herald quotes the American law It therefore frequently happened there has been decidedly more disposition evinced toprivate letters from Turin, which state that the Sardinian government will have to support Garibaldi, and therefore go b> war with Naples; or it will have to put down au in-that vessels- UIOII the coast of Africa, completely equipped for the slave trade, intending to embark 200 or 300 slaves in the night time, and fitted up for that purpose, had beenoperate, and under the influence of a good demand from country millers, with some speculative inquiry, prices ofhave be«-n a must thorough defeat, and to have left Gari- measure, Ca> our was about to send a Commissioner Ex- they might point them out to the American cruisers, bald: at liberty to marchStraight on Palermo. The attack traordinary to Sicily. Orders had also been given to pre- still there was no power of interference, there being no <n the morning of theOTthappears a have been planned p ere for seu all the men-of-war at Genoa and Suezxia. law of the United States which would justify it. Thero and executed with the skill of a great general. The valor 'rUe recent embarkation of 800 Chasseurs of the Alps at was also another difficulty with regard to having no of Uanbatdi'a little hand and of the Sicilian ItVIHWM Cenon.to reinforce Garibaldi, was etfected without any flag. r>i n a ifrtfeiA t*«*el anp"U-«a t*» lieeerf * Arf-d also m«*t coasptcsuous. When it in considered what a possibility of the government ofle-ring resistance, a> it was th* siserwow/ui', and waeaa*> nacttena enwer appear-ftne lierHral Ijuixa ha«l at his command, how for days kuown that :f troops had been marched down to stop thu ed the lArnc away tae flay and d « ' •>*« aer papen, tnmoderate demand, and is quoted 61. per barrel higher,while Indian corn has been much neglected and has de-clined I s . per quarter, with a very dull feeling and littledisposition to buy at the reduction. The French markets been more steady, with moderate supplies, and the do arc generally very active, and prices have advanced con-pects for the growing crops.R o m e .Enlistment for the Papal army had increased in the and American cruisers in company off the coast of Cuba Southern whileWe quote:—tor such work war* the Sicilian vownteere, Ihe capture of south of Ireland. Orders bad, however, been issued to one might be prepared for a case whore the American flagFlour.the loan of rfetorao matt be looked upon aa a moat ex- tm ordinary faat. Indeed, it enema that if the troops had beee well comaanded, and had had their heart in the work, the \ .etory of their encmteti aunt have been imstop recruiting for the present, as there were no m uns of transport, aad the places of rendezvous in London werewas hoisted, and the other for a case in which there was no flag used at all. The quest inn was now uuder the con- sideration of the American government, and so far as it had been considered it seemed to have been favorably re- ceived. As yet, however, no promise had been obtainedWestern canalOhioSt. LouisBaltimore and Philadelphiaquite full.The (brogue Gautte asserts that the Queen Mother has from the American government to amend their law , 34s. fid. a 35s. 6,1. per quarter.poa'ble. By mMiay, however, they were driven fromall their positama and (breed to take refuge in the citadel,which at once begun to bombard the town, being follow- bs*a formally requested by her son to withdraw from but the statement they made was a very well founded27s. a 27s. 61. Mixed and yellow Indian corn 33s. a 34s., and whiteed by the squadron outside. Weare happy to 6ndtoe British naval commander did his ben to si abominable outrage. The destruction of the StciliaWOapi laJ and the slaughter of its inhabitants. tboug%only inNaples.one, namely, (ha*it wo* a a like'y that any pmpoiitin* fvr rr-dmnj/ the ASKr»oM lawe apneaat akteery mart $tnngmt aaild ever rec tee the umcUm of the fb*pr»at </ the United Mate*. The question had engaged the attention of her Majesty's government, who had in preparation a despatch upon the subject whichThe deliveries of wheat by farmers in England and Wales and the average price last week, as well as for the corresponding three years, were as follows:—1857 103,000 qre., at1858—113.000 qrs., at 1859 104,000 qrs., at I860.—120.000 qrs., atPROVISIONS—Beef is much depressed in consequence of largo supplies, and prices arc extremely irregular. The small sales making have generally been within 60s. a 85s. for prime mess and 85s. a lids, per Uerce for India mess. Pork remains very* steady with limited sales, a t 70s. a 77s. for Western and 77s. a 80s. per bbl. for Eastern. Bacon being almost entirely in first hands the business is eon-amuesty, will reconcile the people to a aoverelga who sanct.on* such nx-ans of asaerting his authority.Thearmudicwbetweenthetwohostilepertie*baaal- ready expm-d, and we may expect to have at any hour news that the nghtitig has beea renewed, If not that thewas doubtless mortifying as well as shocking to feel that when we had done so much we were not able to destroy altogetheratrafficwhichwasnotonlyrepugnanttoallonr feelings of humanity, but was absolutely a direct in Irignnient of treaties. (Hear, hear.) There was, how- ever, a subject upon which be thought some good mightcame off on the ground of the Fjccelsiors, South Brooklyn, yesterday, was by tar the most interesting base ball match of tbe seasou. The Charter Oaks were the chal- lengers, and it was arranged that the "fly game" should be the order of the day. The ground was crowded with todies and gentlemen during the progress uf the game,N a p l e s .Prassia.Th» N-vni of the 8th states that after his return from44s. Od. 44s. 8d. 53s. 6d. Ms. 4d.<*acordaxice with the precedents introduced hf King Fer-dinand, will assuredly root the presen^flovereign thethrone of the lataad. No oawtttutiu^ m eompromae of Itlieuish fr-.nt-ers. It is affirmed that his Royal Highness they proposed to transmit to various governments. Itt'.«<" fiwtern provinces the Prince will proceed to the w:!l have an interview there with the Emperor Napoleon.ThePresldentta1Unction latheraited 8tate*i.[From the London Chronicle, June P .]combination uf bright olor.- anu the speedy congregationOn^of the two great parties which divide the Unitedthe army. In the meantime aid appears to be preparing SUU-o is u»«w fairly in the field for the I'residency, with be effected. The stove trade had hitherto been extended fined chiefly to retail sales, at 64s. a 55s. for CumrjertoalLeu with the greatest satisfaction we heard that, coa- lontrary t>>the expectation of the most sanguine, the boat had not only been able to r"»cb Georgetown-^ long dis- tance above the rapid*—but that in returning with freightcontest has been brought to an end by the capitulation offor both sides; the King is sending fresh troops, and the both "platform*' and candidate. The Republican Conrca to China, persons having been kidnapped and forciblydespatch of volunteers for (<«ofla has recommenced. A t'.onwh'cb m et at Chicago has nomiuated Mr. Lincoln, abducted from their homes b y the most atrocious means.•tearner was to wave convey :ng men and, above all, arms wrsve name was, until very recently, little known be- He thought that might be put a stop to, but there was aand ammunition to the SViliann. Thus stand matter.- for yond the bounds of his own State, and has scarcely been distinction between the African slave trade and thatthe present. Any hoar may bring us great news. All beard this side the Atlantic. The party conforms to a with China In Africa the trafflc had been fos- thatwecansaytorthepresentis,thatourexpectationswellestablishedprsiotic*Inselectingacandidateofthisteredbywarsandcivilcontestsinwhichwholevtl-1indisposedtopresssales,adeclineisnotapprehendedin xieular.-ofthetrip.ItseemsthatbeinginsufficientlyThe Turin correspondent of the Dmily A i m write?:—Will iTince Napoleon b«*ime King of Sicily* This l<= the tively limited extent of the Union gave less scope for the ting an end to kidnapping, and substituting a system ofThe London lVmer Parte correspondent writes on the 9th inst., that letters received announce that the Sicilian insurgents have obtained possession of Girgenti, the chief town of the province, situated seventy miles south- east of Palermo.elicited loud applause. Six runs were made by the Excelsiors in this inning. The Charter Oak* then went in, but the pitching of Russell, catching of Liggett, and the good management of the fielders, pre- vented them from scoring a single run.reach her, from Georgetown, ah* was was got off and ran te the mouth of the B.rfalo river without difficulty. At Georgetown fbe was partially painted and furnished aad fitted up as completely as the short time left at the dis- posal of the party would permit. rOie was then freighted aith all the good? which bad. up to that period, reachedmatter of Tuscany the Kmperor did give his cousin someiw-tauce, but would nt»t comproniise everything by forc-ing that country to accept ban. But if such an arrange-ment IL t>ntrai Italy was repugnant to the country and t odiplomatist* of Europe, can Tt be supposed that theywould now like to see liberated Sicily fall into such hands?We believe the Emperor will propose this solution, a» hedid in the oa»e of Tu«cany, In order to comply with tincousin's importunities, whose impotent ambition for acrown he may a tsdi to gratify, but be will yield to diplo-maticopposition—or,tospeakmorecorrectly,hewill Bvrytcsj*tj-tsHouseofReprpseutatives.Heisaself- earn a new title to our gratitude 0 T consistently adhering tnade man. Let captions critics rail as they will at Ame- to the principle of Utt'.TJreai suAage, WuXh, in common rican insf.tut'ona, they lit least possess the one groataccord with England and Piedmont, he will sec carried out merit of giving an men a preu*' equal chance of power to Sicily T ae other Powers will protest, but they and wealth. A self-made man is always a favirito with wouhl protest Sgvod deal more if they were to see a people of self-made men. They see" m JLte elevation Bonaparte ocenat ing SicUy. Of the two cvita the leaat a recognition of their own power; they have a ».,.'' will be prefcrfM: aad thus a fresh cause of antagonism of fefitow reeling with hinV The fact that Mr*between Prance and England will be removeri. Lincoln kept a grocery store, as some say—or thatA* for the vato to be aivea by SieUy, which I look upon as be say3 hims. If. he worked in a whiskeran liberated already, 1 ban! ao wtan to play the prophet, still—will do him good rather than harm • but when we waildir U a present state of feeting, and and If Mr. rtoogtas spoke truly when he said that "Lin-thenaturalcourseofeventsinItaly,wenayregarditaa cote©onWbeatanyoftheboysInwrestlingorrunning pretty certain that the island will vote neither for re- pitching quoits or tossing,'* -could ruin more liquor thanxnaining separate aor beag nailed to Naples, nor yet tor all the boys of the town together," and presided a horse-the soverwignty of Prtooe Napoleon. Only one imaginable canewouldcoaaathertoaabaiisauTchasacriaosastheonerace or fist fight with admirable dignity and impartiality, then therepublican nominee isJust themanto be<% dsngeroiB opponent. In the States tt will be very hard to beat a man with reeommendatkas which have some-themselvesatthebat. Leggett,PolhemusandPearsall acquitted themselves well. Creighton aad Brainerd also did well. Tbe Exuelsiors made eight runs in this iauiug. Randolph, Sam Patchen and Shields then took the bat, but withoutbeingabletomakearun- Murphyfollowed,andtocrwri,andMr.H.MOKS,pilot. Ouroldacquaintance, Mr. A. Templeton, continues to act as engineer. We wers favored by the boat's company with newspapers from St. Pan! t o the t2d May, from Chicago to the WUi, and from St.Lotr*tothe17thThe passengers—twenty-five in number—inclndeptr. J. C. Borbank, Mr. Malcolm and servants, (with desp*t:hes from Sir George Simpson) Mr. James McKay, Mr. Flani- gan, Mn«. Garrett and daughter, Mr. J Pruden. Mr.I, aad that la, If the whole ofr Em-ope were toaaj to bar —•^Taa must either take him or g o W to theawrboa again." N«w raeh a conttegeney to impowittle, thing of the Jackson stamp. The people always like a ao that oerUia foreton )oaraaai aad edtcW agents will hearty man, who can do the things they take pleasure inwas caught out in beautiful style by John Whiting. made the third man out, and thus ended the game.Piperaadaavora vain to render public opinion favorable to bemaeives bettor than they do, and who shows a horoufh enjoyment of their pleasures and appreciationEXCSLSlOa. OR Shorts, te The goods brought by the boat wersconsign-a ty throughKato learn from President Buchanan, to still in exateuca fearful stagnation of trade. It to stated that £6,000,000 It to, to fact *ltk the view of ohuininTtho m a m ? ]^ZP* / h e . ^ p t w w l A f r i c a n « to that quarter, and of sterling to about to be borrowed for the further improve-Vanderboof (3d b.)... 3 g Pearsall (1st b.) . 4 8 Randolph (2d b.) 2 Brainerd (2d b.) 3 6ed to the Hudson's Bay Ow pany, Mr N. W. Kittson, Mr. J. Ross, Mr. Baanatyae, the proprietors of rar Jfor*-fFest»", and others. ,Brent disappointment was frit at the non arrival of » r George Simpson, who we regretted to hear hal b -JU cm- pefled to turn back from St. Paul on account of U bealta. The Anson Northup Is under order* to leave hare fJfGeorgetownonMondaynexLsPabllc Charities aad Correction.The Board known as tbe OommwKioo rs of Public CbarUles and Correctica held their usual weekly me-tugyesterday, Simeon Draper presiding.The return of statistics from the various tostitutioa*stated the number therein at present to be T^tO, which to adecreaseof87forUaWeak.Thenumberedmutodto tbe care of U a Commiaioners during the past week wasto to beUerod O a t teMilRns wUlnot be rosumeJ atHa authorities are agagis to devtoinf the•ftoWlalfaMi ika fan1ll•• •iftLMLLAJUratkkv^IUajbtbof May that General Garihahtl went »t*MM|d an armistice. say* that b»President Buchanan asks 'lyunin-a notforatemporarybutforapermanentgrantofmonewPaaa, Jute T. I860.ITALT. MAKSKILLKS.Jane0,1800.5 t h iusL state that fresh bands3 0 Reynolds (s. s.) 4 0 Etoaly (r.>.)..' 1 Leggett <c.)4 3 S 4 0play*of purely sectional interests. But,as that extent lias increasud, interests widely differing, although often combining under the same party flag, have assumed an importance in the national legislation, and each section has found a leader unw illing to recognize the preemi- nence of the leaders of other sections. The attempt to reconcile these contending claims has generally proved an impossibility. None of the claimants have been willing t :• consent to the selection of a rival, however preemi- nent ID the general opinion, and all sections have tui.lcd their suffrages upon some one man whose previous careeremigration- He trusted that by these means something would be done to eradicate the slave trade. When they compared what was the case many years ago, when 110,000 slaves left Africa in one year, with the state of circumstances in the present year, the number having been reduced to 30.000, be thought they would admit that sufficient progress had been made iu the question to justi- fy them in not abandoning all hope ot ultimately obtain- ing the entire suppression of the trade. (Hear.) OPINIONS OF THE FBKS8.qtA-stion asked by some who know that this prince—afterpreaching peace at Viltafranca, after sacrificing, throughignorance or other wine, the Lombard territory beyondthe fo to Austria, and after hindering, by his desire for athrone, the liberation of Tuscany—now desires the crownof Sicily It is a fine thing to pretend to a crown withoutrunning any danger for it, although he had opportunitiesin Africa, the Crimea aad Italy, of showing some of thatquality which the humblest soldier is presumed to possess,in case he had been so disposed. Bearing the name ofNapoleon Bonaparte and having for his wife the daughterof Victor liumaiiuel, the descendant of a hundred heroes, had excited no rivalry, and whose choice mortified all as- We are glad to see that the government of the United suspended their sittings, from which it is inferred thatSBOOMB LVNIKG—The Excelsiors sent in Brainerd, fol-lowed by Russell, who was put out at the bat. Pofbemus. the pott, amounting to about thirty tons, and having[From the London Post, June T.JHotnt'thtng more is expected of him than he has hitherto pirants alike. Mr. Buchanan is the only President for States are taking active steps to refute a charge, or, toshould Sicily be annexed to Piedmont, which is more than probable, the Emperor Napoleon would demand a further accession of territory—where is not stated.Brainerd then batted, got to the first rase, and allowed Leggett to get home. Polhemu-, by a splendid stroke, got to the third base, and then home on the subsequent batting of Creighton. The Excelsiors went out with John Whiting at the bat. after making the splendid run of ten. The Charter Oaks were evidently disheart- ened. Vanderboof tried to rally them, but It wascontinues to r i ^ rapidly, though for the sea- son it is unusually low: but acre it as shallow as when the bout went up, Mr. Rurbaak is sanguine of his ability to navigate it with a heavy cargo. He states that it 1- at least 100 per cent better than he expected to find it when be left St. Paul. From Red Inke Rver to Fort Garry there is, he says, al allpei ..rmed, before he can claim a throne rendered vacant many year5 of European fame.through a gigan>><* struggle. The Emperor Louis Na- There was probably, we may assume, a reason as activepultou has made hinself by hus courage an object of re- as this inevitable rivalry in inducing the republicans of spect,{.intohisetieuma,butPrinceNapoUnmChicagotothrowoverboardwithsuchalacrityMr.Sew-purjKiseofcarryingouthenefariousslavetraffic,andtheh:i* made hiuiaolf an ibl>st of pity even to his ard, the rcC'-i^nized leader of their party, and the candi- fr ends. All this leads us tocouchtde that Ihe Sicilians date whose nomination was generally expected. The i xrinoi think of him—no special reason points him out for party has discovered that moderation alone can give it the r i U>k'i- It remains to be seen Wthethrr Sicily will the victory. Rampant abolitionism and violent abuse of b< ,tdvised t > accept hint .u case he should be propped. slaveowners, coupled with threat- of anti-slavery legisla- r>''.v, the I'r t»cecan I* proposed by none save his own lation, may excite rapturous applause in a New England secret ageuts, or his cousin the Emperor. The town hall, but will disgust the bulk of the voters in the M-eret ageuts, or sealoud and not altugetlter dtsinte- central States, upon whose decision the victory depends. re.-;*.-d friends of his Imperial Highness, might go about It has, therefore, adopted a moderate platform, fully re- |w"uad'ng this or that (sditical emigrant that he shall be cognising the rights of the slave States to do as they made a general or minister by his new master. Iain sys- please within their own borders, and only asking Congress uji was trrl atlarsnce, bat will create no party to to prohibit, us the South now . changing its tactics, asks hii'iy Agents of ibis stamp may go about declaiming Congress to protect, slavery in the Territories. Mr. Seward a>.-aia>t any other cotubinatH'U, aad chiefly against any has probably been sacrificed to this same necessity. He fus -ua.ih tne kingdom o: .Sardinia, a? they did, to not>:.-:<se, in Tuscany; hut they will fail to inspire the S'e.iiaus with any aflectioo for a prince whom they per- tK-nali) Wuow uothag about, whose fame has not reached fc»: i; , or ha.< arrajd there coupled with ignoble epithets. MIT.-MT, the S'.odmaa have a traditional memory of the•'reach that would ill recommend a governor seat from tha target of another. He has been judged by them;rrauce to re:gn o\ur them. men's adoption of party livery has been based uponthem; and even if it should be shown that Mr. LincolnIt roiuams to be seen whether the Emperor earaestly has far distanced him in violence, it will do the formerdeMres the lYmcc to become the King of Sicily. In the little harm if his Invectives are dug up. Indiscreetreason of this is no less notorious. America objects—as the law of nations certainly entitles hr»r to do—to the ex- ercise of the right of search In any shape iu time of peace, f^he maintains, very truly, tliet the rigbt in ques- tion is essentially a belligerent right, md cannot be exer- cised but iu time of war, except by the express consent of the nation whose flag it is proposed should be subject- ed to it. A special exception has been made with refe- rence to the slave traffic by all other maritime nations by express agreement. But to this America has never been a party, and, consequently, her merchant vessels are not subject In time of peace to visitation and search by the ships-of-war of any foreign country. It is to this circumstance that we must attribute the frequent em- ployment in the slave traffic of the American flag; and, until the government of that country consents to follow the example of the other powers, or devises some moans by which the fraudulent use of the United Statesflagmay be more readily detected than it is at present, we must expect that such frauds will bo continued. And this to not the only evil result of the refusal of America to sub- tuit to the right of search in any shape in time of peace, in consequence of this refusal imputations have naturally enough been cast upon the sincerity of the government a t Washington in reference to its professed hostility to tho slave trade. It has frequently been assertedquick succession, and tbe second innings were concluded without the Charter Oaks scoring a single run.THIRD INMXIS.—John Whiting was caught out on a flyou the Mississippi, and between Red Lake river and Georgetown oulj a small expenditure if required to ren- der the navigation satisfactory throughout. Mr Burbank is preiarid to incur tiat expenditure, and ha.i already gl\ 1:1 ins-tr jctiuns for the erection of IA ing dams at Gooseed above the rapid* to lighten tbe boat in case the water again recedes. So that he U prepared for every contin- gency, and is wJlng to make contract* for the transport of good'-to and from the settk'rneut and guarantee theiri£ not, Indeed, just now a very extreme abolltiouist; ha hvi.-, lately modified some of his expressions which gave most offence, and it may be quite true that Mr. Lincoln has spoken much more violently. But Mr. Seward's words were taken hold of; they have been the subject of couimont everywhere—the standard of one party, andFrench ships to the Sicilian waters.TURIN. June 9—530 A. M.got away lo the third base. « u n Patchen then bailed, got away to the first base, and allowed Randolph to get home. Shields then followed at the bat, got to the first base and allowed Patchen to come borne. Murphy andwords, which will dethrone the leader of a party, do notstand tn the way of a subordinate's elevation to tho va- that although the laws of the United StatesAnother despatch says Garibaldi is installed at the pa-lace of the Senate, and has constituted a ministry, ap- Phillips and Joe Patchen were put out in quick succession,against this traffic are of the most stringent kind, it is nevertheless carried on extensively through the conjuyajcv of the authorities of that country. W o uave all along" N.'ljv'Yvu t^** ehose imputations are un- founded. Wehaveallalong bellevM tow what0T*r mfty have been the interests and the wishes of certain classes in the United Stales, the government at least, for tho last forty years, has been perfectly sincere in its hostili»- 1_ thestovetrade.Wearenowconfirmedin»»•'.. m;'Jztemgence, and which has b m J S S ' J S M i o w i n .l*a?PCtf9Utot aTCMM,having on board upwards of five hundred stoW , bas recently been captured offtha coast of Cuba by « war «*•£»«^kmgiug to tho United States. Another vessel with stave*fib board had been can. turedashorttimeprevious,andthequestionfortheda- termination of Congress simply Is how these unfortunates' to be disposed of. We learn from President Bu-*!Si^?.""^i***6tba*m 18W>when th«B»TMtrade« ?£..ItlJtl lHra«y.a recommendation wasmadeby y . w w P ! « " » fownment that all stoves captured ana S?„"£.t h e ^^Btotea should be removed at theworM i?^"0 !^* -* «v*»>-tka ofthat portion of thoTM i l ~ . K ^ 2 ****¥ °P " *e o k m » «* Liberia, of which subjects especially calling for tho attention of govern-erythis acredibtoaatollin, which wou* be a European cala of tbetr trials. With those popular quaUflcitions Mr. . w ^ 2 f L 7 nttlsof tote, but which, wo are glad ment, to the probability of a bad harvest, aad the reallycant post.and the fourth inning closed without a run being made. FIFTH INMNGS.—Again the Excelsiors showed their su- perior batting, b y making five ruus. The Charter OaksBut whatever may have been the motives of Mr. Lin- coln's, elevation—and who can pretend to understand au the wheels within wheels which work American poli- tic* f—he possesses recommendations which appaiUntty will quite compensate to the public estimation for h u scanty experience as a federal legislator—6omc two yearspointed a governor for the city and province, ordered anextraoTdinary levy, and adopted a series of measures withLincom, who is a good stump speaker and a capital story eUer, Is not at all unlikely to find himself host of thaWhite House.He certainly will do so If the great democratic partyproviding for their hmwaaato wants on their arrivnUnat the application in question has been made ••-"~——- -it is important to remark that to Congress, an*ment of Paris.S. Patchen (s.s.) Shields (p.) Murphy (c.) Piper (cf.)Philips (r. f.) Philips (r. f.)J. Patchen (I.f.) Carroll (1st b.)...1 Russell (I. f.) 4 4 S Polhemus (c. f.) 1 7 6 Craifhton (p.)........ 4 4 4 John Whiting (SdI..).. 4 2does not make up its differences at once. Cordia'iy uniteditcancarry theelection;divided,itmakesaores-atof for thispurpose. "Ittoprobable,"hesays TMS the "spoils ' to the republicans. It will require aLettersfromRometospeak more properly. a suspicion—to which they have been subjected for some time past. It is notorious that the American flag has been extensively employed for thoTheParisCvnstitutumntlpublishesthefollowingofficial noin>e.Murphy.PiperaudPhillipswerecaugbtoutin timesadepthofwatersufficient10floatthetorgeolcraftll?"*S* ^from theincre^s^«tivit7of the'stove tea^'miffi weremenacingthe frontiers,towhichGeo.Lamorictero aad energy of l a leaders to accomplish this uuum. Themmjam.IH. 2d.3d.4<A.50i 6th. Itk. 8fft. Of*. 2U.all the mote Mat the differeoco to be worth fighting about, ospocially to presence of a powerful opposition. B jt, wjiatevw b6e the issue of the contest, the latogrity of uv»Afrtoaba at a fixed rato. H a coartoatogwordsbf S t message, wiUi which our readers will cordially concus. are as follows;—-It is truly lamentable that Great Brit im aad the United Sates sboiihl be obliged to oxueud suobscribed 30,000 crowns, but the public reveaoaa were di- minishing daily.^ Tba "Peter's peoee" bad only produced 500,000 Crowns.NumerousfamilieswerearrivingfromNaptos,Jr.NE21—r*e Unit** State* a Ota.B Lrimi (gha- 1,806,whilethe number whodied, weredachargeda*SSL will not be m the least affiled. Struggles like a vast amount of blood aad treasure for the suppression a* UnionwhichhaverenderedHarassfamousanyborenew- theAfricanslavetrade,am! thiswhen theonlypartHtl i at other Territoriss, or Congress may take upon itself of the crrilized worto whor» it is toterttel and encourage*OD the 4th tost, the French division celebrated their Jatovia a—Wm. De Witt deposed that he shipped 00weeklyreportonall matters which came upatthelet*vigilance of our cruisers, that several similar captures may be made before the end of the vear. An annnVurtobehad seat more troops.An official decree had extended the delay for the sub-TMarrsngemect will be imsossiblc. it to .hsagiva. tola sum should be ptooed at the d i s ^ - o f t o o faec* t ^ j Cardinals had held aa extraordinary meeting and sab-friends of '-squatter sovereignty" and Mr. Dongas show no signs of yielding: and as little evidence of a desire fordarterOak.0 0 4 0 0 2 3 stooatotor.... g 10 1 g j l g0 0 180 g«iteeisoffered bytheextreme South. If thocon,bothsections will becotu'ex>:it>d. sochcontmgeueiee.'' He tnerefore prorMses^mat ^00!ble to note this division of a party which represents too government for the iwrpose of making arTaiwement? with 'offreetradetotheUnion,sodalmostea- lbajanUarittesofUbortofurtbareoeptire7oSe»luV3h thcrt f(>^, to 2 2 ^! .L ' ;,•*»** ^8" «no«ghTeov«aoriptJoutothenowloanuntil the Uth Julynext. TheanniversaryofthebattleofMagenta. Crowds were pre- sent in the Pkua Cvloaua ahoutifif to the troops.COMHHtCIAL.prTomthe Loudon papers of June i.JDuringthoshuttinga*c>asoto thebatk,uptotheUth FIXmen.andtheyallsaidtheywereguing afternegroes.ivT.7Zi^r, ^ ° •"imate coaaaretol relations with th",' jJw i >r l*r to .handon her atoemble pnltey. w/^ bwto) tHX AttXOXD SLAVER JtAElQrTTA.•ft*!- tely luin il sad threaten*.!. re'uo-i.traivil uafl tar ting minimum. The owner of the all-'gel slaver Mariquiu, Mr. Limaline Ua fate of slavery to them. In'no case, we aro the Spanish islands of Cuba and Porto Rico."rest assured, will the freedom of each Sate to apbo.d, • Of the trotih sfthtodtogi aceful fact tbowarid has boea long aware; and if Spate, listead eTarasa ting u Moronea,iujuriooniy Mtoe great Measures of interua. progeria, winch both with !i,e uet<.;hbofs and tae w rll atfenr., Katiaaldefendants and myself were on board; think five of themwere Spanish; had a conversation with one of the men oathe galley-he said they were going to Congo for negroes;had ao talk with Captain Letnas, but s=poke to tho other Charities aid Correction to nettle Ua long standing ac-Sta^i'^L**'10*1* m 'n*UtJtwas at ia ew-u pkasaf*. w.i*jIdexpend some portion of her an-rgioK a ruttisasw mrtinged.»«. thecontinuanceofacratatwhich aSMs dfswathesivetruto,sboareuWstand a vastdeu bett«ycount between the tw o departments. The report con- tained nothing else of unusual interest. It wa* altogether hi reference to Ua introduction of reforms of a irtviaJ na- ture in the autitutions, and was adopted. Tbe comaani- cat.on from tin: CommasiMincrs of Emigration was ro*Untitled Documentt1Otossw6%d. 7\'d.7Kd.7*d.cut, 56s. a 67s. for long ribbed, and 60s. a 88s. for shin rit'bed. Lard continues very quiet, with sales of 300 a 400 tierces at unchanged prices. The stock now amounts to near 20,000 tierces, against about 11,000 same time last year, but being chiefly held by a few parties, who seemand it would not be over estimating the number of the the steunwd past them v»ithont once touching the bottom. spectators to set them down at fully three thousand. Among the pasienger? b y the boat was her euterpmtogThe same writer says the commissioners appointed to take the boundaries between the newly annexed pro- vinces of Savoy and Nice and Piedmont arc said to haveCreighton, John Whiting, Reynolds and Ftonly followed,each making a run. Then followed Leggett, who made abeautiful bat, and brought In two men from tbe bases.Pearsall then took the bat, and got away t o t h e first base,but was subsequently caught out at the second base. river without the slightest impediment. The riverSXd.tdXt. S3«^»»«d.BRaADBTiTFS.—hi consequence o f unfavorable weathersiderably, said to be in consequence of discouraging pros-mand for some of the leading articles has rathor im- proved. Public sales yesterday passed off without ani- mation, and at barely "former value for congou.THS LATEST COMMERCIAL PER ASIA. IJVKRTO01., Juno 10, 1160.The steamships Europa and Kangaroo Lave arrived.The Europa passed Ihe Canadian (no date) with ma- chinery damaged.Cotton—Sales yesterday 7,000 bales, including 1,000 on speculation and for export. The market closed dull.Flour active and advancing. Wheat steady. Corn very dull. Provisions quiet.LOKTJOs, Juno 0, P. M. COnsoto—Books shut for dividends, for account 9 3 * a08*i ex dividemi.Interesting Base Ball Match.HTteaf.SSd.srThefundsatfirsiwereratherfiat,butshowedurmuuasia theafternoon,and cteMd same aa yesterday. Scarcelyannouncement:—The despa tches which hnve reached u s from Sicily givethe state of affairs thus:—The armistice, which expiredon the 8th iu&tant at noon, to prolonged. The greatPowers appear to have come to an agreement on the onehand to demand that hostilities should not be renewed, to the third base, but was unable to get home in conse-and on the other hand to toy down the principle of the non-intervention of Europe between the King of Naples and Sicily. We may add that the interests of our coun-quence of Pearsall s being caught out while batting. Tbetrymen have rendered it necessary to send additional latter to the first. Randolph made a splendid bat, andtutf-s an easy and expedit'oua way of reaching the Slates for the slow and laborious one of cart brigades.Mr. Burbank u—ure» us that in future the boat will be able to make the round trip between this and Georgetown tn ten days, leaving Fort Garry every tenth day. Noth- ing will prevent her running a good part of lh>- di-unce byrrgLt,anditiabelieved that isliev.illbeabletorua up iu four days and return in three—leaving three days for shipping'and unlndiiig freight. He ha«cau>edatt the r.vers between Georgetown aud St Paul to In* bridge, and a* close connection will be made with the hoal by fa.it four horse coachee, be calculates upon being able lo set down passengers at St. Paul in let* than nine days afterfleaving.Fort Garry. Hi* complement of one hun- dred wagons, in brigades of twenty-five each, are also running with freight from St. Paul to fti-orgetown.Tho journey from Fort Garry to St. Paal, by steamboatGen. Letazia, on bis return from Naples, capitulated onthe 6th with Garibaldi. Bis troops are to embark with Piper then followed at the bat. but nothing suec-al trans-arms and baggage.kation, on Montcpelligrinn. The fort of Casteltomsre has been placed tn the keeping of* the English Admiral until the evacuation has been effected.pired. The Charter Oaks made four runs in this inning, which was quite an improvement ou the two first.Forwrs Isirrscs.—On the Excelsior side, PoHiPraw, by superior batting, managed to get to the third base, and subsequently- be got home, by a good stroke from Creigh- ton. The Excelsiors only- made two runs iu this inning. Tbe Charter Oaks fell off at the bat in this iDning. Piper,They arc to encamp, till their embar-The latest reports from the prefects dwell upon theThe following is the score:— CHARTER OAK. O. B.of Jury, wdl make their usual advances on stock and com- The cane was further adjourned to twelve o'clock M. ,J*'f* '* ».«*<*''^sirily tolls u ; w a eonrtrv h*!- ettemptoii viij poasrote inoans with the vie* of a . BUTciui bills with not more than six mouths to run, at the Friday.r io 1 PW»»»* eeasawation.aSUWiTS, a o a U t t l u b a j ^ ^ *«, .a tht com u ; e'ec- enteented—h»:t •!' in vsita But F B y shouW tttcwj UrW n r»Tort3tte^| ncu«;vi<s *«re » dgiaad Tester- \ta;.a, entered his claim as owner of this. • j foned to tie? CMjaroittee of Ihe Whole,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-. mnm t« a* I*OLv TM ^sm* mTJi^h^dt^»aM|oufauLincrease of £76,000.185T 1858 I860. 18W . market scarcely any business was done below the bank 528,000 586.000 541,000 1,154,000Slock of AmericanStock ot all kinds. 088.000 672 000 620,000 L354,000 ' minimum. ^Saports 1.415,000 1,327,000 1,376,000 2.230,000• a p c r t s 123,000 03,000 131,000 207,000Taken tor eons'n. 886,000 062,000 076,000 1,107,000Prke of Orl. Mid.. 7 15 16d. 6 15 lOd. 6«d. Otfd. The railway traffic returns of the United Kingdom for Known to be at seaIn tbe railway market there continues a great stagna- tion of business, but prices are generally well supported.change, though they have recovered from other informa- crombie Is daily expected. This, with the proposed n»wjost in the lower valley of the Red river, near the inter- national boundary, will afford an adequate aad much de- fc'.red military protection to our Northern frontier.For«fhe pust three weeks a steady emigration has been pouring into this section of Minnesota, bound for the unoc- cupied lands between here Mid the Red river of the North. The emigrant* are principally from Wl? sonsia aad HiinoU, and thr-y br:ng with fhrm a large numb >r of cattle and sheep. They all have the appearance o: being In g-»d cir- cumstances. Tbe emigration to Minnesota this se.t*oo ex- ceed:- ail that has cccum-d since the spring of 186T, and n^w that town site speculation u thoroughly exploded aad dr=earderl, ana the people are industriou-dy occupied iu grain aud stock raising, the jToipects of the Stat© are itai.y brightening,and business is acquiring a healthy e'.a.-ticltj and thrift.*EW~S?AFER ACCOUNTS.{From th > Nor'-Wester Kvtra. June 1 ]Shortly af*.r ek*veu o'clock this roorkag the booming ol cannou at Fort I arry and the idirill sound of the steam whistle announced tbe return of tbe Anson Northnp. H a ne«» set the people in commotioa.aad before bag a stream of anxious individuals started for the Fort, near whirb the boat already- toy, with the Stars and Stripes waving at the fore aud the Union Jack at the stern, t h o royal standard had also been hoisted in the Fort, and thaCHAKTER OAX VS. SXCm.SIOB.The contest between the above mentioned clubs, which of a crowd gave th_* busiest plare In the* settlement aaunusually gay and animated appearance. The boat wan all the more welcome because she wa» unexpected. Every person who had come from Georgetown since the Anson Northup left for that po3t, united in representing t h e n a - vigation at Uonsc Rapid* aa an impossibility. It wasThe Colonial produce markets during the week have_ _ _ Losraojr, June 0, 1*60Each side was out in its "full nine," and the best possible owner, fir. J. C. Burbank.from whom we received par-manned, the Anson Northup remained for some time trauded at Goose Rapids, on her way up- but that as •• oon as the captain and crew, whom Mr. Burbank had Russell, Crcisfaton and Ftonly was excellent, and brought through with him from St. Paul, were able teacquitted themselves splendidly. The batting of Brainerd,by the second base man on the Charter Oak side: butReynolds made up for the top by making a home runright afterwards. Ftonly was put out on a fly by the Rapids. In the Meantime he -o having a barge construct-third base man. Leggett batted a beautiful ball and gotExcelsiors only madetone run in this inning. Tbe CharterOaks now sent in Joe Pateben, who was caught out on a safe arrival at the'r de*tinat*on during the present sum-fly by Creighton. Carrall and Vanderhoff tbeo followed mer. Th> at once rel: :ves the jn-ople of the M-ttlemeut erf at the bat—the former getting to tbe second base and the further difficulty in regard to tranaportat ion. and s'iosti-a view to the energetic continuance Of the war, | } e had sent in Carroll, Vanderboof and Randolph, but they were and stage, will ere Ion,, be regarded as one of the mostuecreedexceediiiglyBt-^gtetmeWure-^, t h e aecnrity \ caught out in quick succession, without being allowed to agreeable of trips. The cabin of tb* Anson Northup haft make a run. already been madesnig,and on the returnpa*H&ge will ofttwmhabtt^tAofPaJerm^ « * a ^ aniwunced In a PtxTB rssraass.—Tho Excelsiors only made one run, be carpeted aad furnUbe.d a& comfortably a | (he "float-proctomajkwithattherjeyerestpunishmsjitwouldbein- whiletheCharterOak,bygoodmanagement.iueceed<;J ingpalaces''onthegreatriversdown,tJOoUi.8h?has iu making jost double tbe number. also earned the reputation of keeping a good tabic.%fltctea on any onS Ibtind aiiiHy of robbery ot affiamw! lion, under any circumstances Whatever.The London Globe has received the following despatch:-' Troor, Saturday—9 30.Garibaldi has appointed a provisional government, as follows:—Baron Fisano, Foreign Affairs.Crispi, Home Office and Finances.Orsini, War.Abbe Oottegno, Religious Worship.It is positively asserted that Garibaldi found £060,000sterling In the coffers of the treasury. FRANCB."--^TOiTH IXNIKOS.—The Excelsiors had $ £ game all their th-. crew are all experto'-.oed Mi^iwippi ;;«unboattae mb made ffiw^dimVpfo*».^-! i rr**r«is*.- *"-"»*WIUBand Creighton hOtit nwde runs. Themen. In regard to tbe captain, V e efl&ot do better """^ : ' tne St. Paul /H*aar:->'Mr.«n energetic and accomplished - « d apprenticeship underwan quoie u a TVAL te threv runs. , » - - Painter, the coram~_Ema£a Iaxisoa.—On the Excelsior*/ side Leggett wasthe only «*?*who made a run. The Charter Oaks, how- eteaarnnat man. and served a * -••••oriac is'thufever, made nothing, three of them having been put out the veterai.Capta'nP. S Harris." Thee-.. " " t a t to quick succession. In tho hands of those wiui arc fertile in expedient ^Norm I.NMxos.—Again the Excelsiors distinguished re>dy for any emergency that may arbo. Mr. A. Bryantlite Store Trade la New York.CVITKDSTATES COSUCLSSIOXERs.' BeforeJos.Bridghsm,Esq. TUX Auacum SLAVXR FALMOI-TU.asm), TtosJtototsadJffto%fAtCrewsfmeAJbaaf gtoa-tnnsferred amountedto1,933.The Committee of the Whete presented their usualhad been received from the Commissioners of Eaugratea, transmitting a copy of a resolution adopted by tbea, ap- pointing a committee to confer with the Board of PuouoCO CRTboardtheFalmouth,tn NewYork, asseaman, andwasafterwards cook, and left the vessel at Porto Praya; the meeting. This report also stated that a oomaaaicataaMe**taken aboard the passenger?, left on Tuesday evening tost for Red river settlement. By that time the water had risen considerably, and as we have already Mated, ihe boat was carried over the most dangerous place in tha www.fultonhistory.com 