 •,*6NEW YORKHERALD.aiti BOKDOI ••in", EOTTOI AJTD PBOnmOE.•.V. orvASSAOanrtwowtra.>oa«r tfcf^ a T r ^ z x r f a a l L O a . •v^-at-"/orSau. AU.TatraatAH>Faav JTOHOTKHtahm<f awywai mrrayaufcaa. W«4*iKrtNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1860.-TR1FLE SHEET.ntftdlinn (mill 11XXV ••.W3•WTSSBBRS THM BTBRVOoanixan,-Ia3MT«iAji mrokiitrain o f philosophic observers, students, artists i foundations of tho party. The Southern leaden whilethedemandwaafairandiapartforexpert.Pork ofsuchalawmustbeobvioustoeveryone. Times that hepatanendtothefightat andfuturestatesmen,toseeandtoknow,by|couldnothavepreventedthisrut DODO«i-«*a»i o RASS—as. -*» aa* r*raa wunm wau.acca TmuTBi. srats-av.-vo** OEWM-been split into hostile factions, mnrt bitteiL Qffeewasquiet,laviewofanauctionsaleofRioathand; tiieclassofunfortunateswhoarethemostfre- bledinhiscorner,andaswe have notheard comes to study therelations of America- opposedtoeachotherrimatothebiactrrepmVOOOPWB n»iTrrcnt-ti«i«mo» o» nua'i ojicmAtleft apowerful organization to hissucces- sors, who carried o n the government quiet-SATIOWAI. OOBOBBT SALOOX.OOBJTtft Or THltTDlTTH BTBMt AMD FOURTH ATiNC«.-CjLiiro*J«iA Munnui.TRIPLE SHEET.BT«w York, Thursday, May 3,1860.The HfWhThe news from Charleston is interestingmuch as it shows that no progress had been madeepoch, however, and the election which resalt- No vast mountains, o r broad rivers, o r ed in the elevation o f John Quincy Adams to now in the black republican ranks, and half of the lapse o f time, until an impartial observer courage, endurance, strength of muscle and ca- wide deserts, interrupt t h e tide o f human the Presidency, great changes had taken place—transit o n them. N o engineering difficulties the infant republic had extended ita territory there have to be surmounted. Our ships plow and quadrupled i t s population. Tie United thewateryplaineastwardorwestwardwithStateshadtakentoepositionofafirstclass like facility. There is no natural barrier be- Power. The public men of the day were called tween u s and either people. The natural re- upon to handle great questions of trade, finaaoe, sult o f this geographical position is, that our the currency and public credit They attempt-They jeatettJay resumed the balloting for a candi- date foi President, and ended the day's busineaa pretty much a s they began. The Southern sece- deTM adopted the resolutions reported by the com-be equivalent to defeat in November.with each other. We have built the Panama the party was transacted in Congressional cau- railway; w e a r e striving t o ripen routes cus, and i n this way Mr. Clay. Mr. Crawford screes the isthmus o f Chiriqui, I^caragua and and Mr. Adams were nominated for the Presi- Tehuantopec; we are building telegraphs a n dand would not do so for a week.Bayers were confident that they would have wonthe battle bad it not been interrupted, and both in-sist upon another trial. Sayers was lionized in an organization through which the popular senti-Both Heenan anda body of men can be so recreant to the sacredtry, carrying under their broadcloth well d e -day,forthepurposeofdevoting hisexclusiveat- tentiontotheaffiuraoftheAlmshouse. Theva- cancy la the latter Board will be filled, it U under- stood. by the choice of ex Senator Smith Ely. Jr.Beef cattle were in good demand yesterday, atberofpersonsbemissingatthetametimeand thepolicebeIgnorantofIt Thefactargues on oar pert an utter contempt for, and distrust Of, the said s^ardlans o f the public.It remains to be tees whether, under the sewbMrg'tg justice open the recreant members of Onr Ceatfttl Poittlea f a t h e Prtac*ofWalesaa« the Praace_»*• I country, reaped Its insidious iafluenc* u _ _ -Jsowingtoeseev'sofdimensionand dia^tfceday preTioa*ly,made2,CC0in thetwodsrm. MMiBag gradesaadupwardswereratherfirmer,wbileeesnasea and Lbferlor qualities were irregular. We quote middling op- landaaishout11>.'c. all.*ic. ttoloarsaarltet wasrstkerland hasproved himself toe better mantodividedbetweenfilthylucreandnationalpride, lishmentsto keep a daily register of all the we cannot expectto see the anxiety about thiswittiwonderful rapiditv. The,UMreTat Caarle»toa,.whJchlM-predpitatedto. rateIf the once invincible organization, to but thezation. Asfortheparty itself, itwasbroken receiving denunciation from allclasses,andcangiant—butthatHeenanwas sousedupas to be unable to make his appearance at all be- fore the public. I t seems quite clear that ifropeandAsia. Theoceans that rollbetweenas and t h e widely separated shores o f t h e greatercontinentaretheopenhighwayslyenoughtill1824.BetweentoeRevolutionaryextraoidinary fashion. H e w a s to b e intro-duced on the London Exchange, and waato b e presented with a puree o f o n e now with the revolutionary ideas o f the aboli- proceedings, which will show a united, deter-headred guineas. The fight between an tion fanatics, who would reorganize the courts, mined and well pursued plan, from the com American named Lynch, a n d a n Englishman exercise the habeas corpus in the slave States mencement to the adjournment, to enter upon46,668 .17earned Shaw,for the championship of the light weights, bad resulted in the defeat of the former.There is no political news of importance.At London the money market waa easy. Con-sols, on the 21st, were quoted at 94| a 94j for mo-by federal power, arm the negroes against the a raid against the rights of private citizens and whites, and involve the whole country ina to plunder the city of New York. The open bloody and terrible civil war. The conservative and barefaced transactions o f many o f t h e spirit everywhere is roused against these black members a n d Senators were such that t h e republican theories. It has been seen in the re- veriest novice in legislative matters couldthe pistol o r t h e slung-shot who c a n doubt?The decadence of these latter weapons must Tun DESTINATTOX OFTHEJAPANESE EMBASSY.— Mr. Clay's States voted for M r. Adams, necessarily follow the cultivation of the muscu- It h a s been decided to convey the Japanese who h a d thirteen votes s o G e n . Jack- lar developement I n o u r youth, something Embassy direct to Washington, instead of land- son's seven a n d Mr. Crawford's four. T h e which we conceive is greatly to be commend- ing them In New York, it being considered new democratic party, with Gen. Jackson as ita ed. These weapons will still of course be used more fitting, in view o f the importance of their bead, was then formed, aad, in 1828, be w a s by the habiiuis of the prize ring and other visit, that they should be first presented to the elected. The caucus system was now killed rowdies,who,althoughpossessingimmensePresidentbeforevisitinganyotherpartoftoeeffectually.Tbepartywasorganizedwith muscular power and skill, are almost invariably country. There is very little doubt however, thatcowards, a n d , being equally matched in they will come to New Y'ork during their stay—ney. American securities were unchanged.In the Liverpool market middling quality of cot- cent elections in Connecticut, in Rhode Island, not b u t discover t h e motives that promptedton had declined one-eighth of a penny, and some in Minnesota, and it is well known to exist many of them to pursue the course that they circulars quote inferior one-half penny lower. throughouttheSouth. Allpartiesdesirenow did. Thebestinformedinthesemattersassertwhich,webelieve,theydesignshallbe short- in order to view tbe great metropolis and com- mercial centre of the republic, which can alonecertain distinctive principles and opinion* upon the questions of the tariff, too bank and internal improvements, aadthataffairsshouldfollowtheirnaturalten-thatitwasnounusualthingformembersto The steamship Star of the West was detained dency, and obey the influences that will govern glory in their own shame b y boasting how yesterday in consequence o f the unfavorable state them in spite o f Congresses or Territorial Le- much they made upon certain votes, and upon of the wind and tide, and will sail to-day at noon. gislatures. The democratic party is dead. T h e other votes, when their thirty pieces o f silver The mails for Havana by her will close at the Post fire-eaters and the squatter sovereigns are alike were not forthcoming immediately after they had Office at a quarter-past eleven A. M. worn out Let the delegates that have gathered fulfilled their part of the bargain, to denounce the lobby operator who had bought them and agreed to give their price—in t h e barrooms aad other public places—warning all others notmuscle, resort todeadlier weapons in theircontests with others; but such weapons will beconfined to the localities in which these rowdiesalone congregate, and we trust will n o t longbe found to prevail i n t h e community to t h e importance o f the country with which the Em- took the place y f the Congressional caucus, same extent as heretofore.Breadstuffs were firm at improved prices.overthrew theiropponents until another grandThe Committee on the Contested Seat for the as democrats at Charleston recognise this fact,Manly exercises of all kinds have alwaysprevailed in England, and thus she has reareda olass o f men almost unequalled In physicalpower, and h a s trained, perhaps, some o f t h ebest soldiers i n t h e world; but with the i n -creasing taste for athletic sports in thiscountry,soprevalentfortoelasttwoorthreeyears— crisketing, base ball, the regulated ex-ercises of the gymnasium and t h e science o fboxing—we shall soon be able to show, withall these auxiliaries, combined with the a d - cial metropolis from being disgraced by that effect, and patched up a platform to catch t h a vantages of a mixed race, embracing the finest display o f vulgar ostentation with which the spoils, which they got- The Northern deoo-Eighth Aldermanic district met yesterday a t oneo'clock. A s neither t h e contestant, Mr. PeterMitchell, nor his counsel, Mr. I-awrence, were pre-sent, a t the expiration o f an hour Messrs. Deanand Hall, counsel for Mr. John Russell, the presentoccupant, moved the case be dropped for want o f a million and a half more o f conservative votes amount was being expended to carry this bill sufficient evidence to substantiate the contestant'sextensivepreparationstoreceivetoeAmba.«$a ingupofthewholepartymachinery,conven-claim. The committee replied that the counsel's motion would be taken into consideration, and de. clarcd tee examination closed.officers there receive the distinguished visiters. and learn how to treat them when they comeportance than the questions which agitated th*>discoverydist Conference, which commenced its session! a t shall no doubt have a repetition o f the scenesBuffalo on Tuesday, and a telegraphic summary of that ensued upon the finding of the body of the yesterday*business.ThistotheGeneralConfer-womanwhowasgaggedandsunkinabarrelgovernment on one other occasion accredited work, and so broke i t in pieces.arat flays proceedings o f the Quadrennial Metho-becomesgenerallycirculated w eand come to Baltimore to join hands on a con- servative platform with t h e Union men who cannot now go with either extreme. By so do- ing they will meet the pending crisis, and rallydors on their arrival here, and we would sug-gest to them, now that the arrangements havebeen changed, that they should send a committeeof three or four of their number to Washington horizon. It was one involving toe very exto their support.THE SILENT TRAGEDIES OK LARGE CITOCS.—or to defeat that measure, and the banding to- gether of members, regardless o f party affilia- tions, upon the side where corrupt means weretoseehowCapt.Dupontandtheothernaval totenceoftherepublic,andofvastlymoreim-It will be seen by a telegraphic report in an- used, are of themselves enough,without any of Another meeting o f the members o f Dr. Chee- other column that the body o f a n unknown the details, to brand the late Legislature withcountry in Jackson * time. The democrat!* to New York, so as to save this great commer- conventions in '52 and '56 dodged this issue imence o f the pastors o f the Methodist EpiscopalChurch (North) whicn meets once in four years,and its proceedings at this time will n o doubt b eregarded with great interest, not only b y the- the corpse in the hope that i t would turn o n t every point that it would pay, their burglariousthe rights of the city or our citizens.Is there no way to bring these gentlemen t omembership o f t h e churches; second, whetherthe time for which ordained ministers shail be al'lowed to remain at any one atation shall be extended to more than two years; third, whether the sys-tem of presiding eldership, as it now exists, shail uncertainty, probably hear o f a number o f a number of statements that the Attorney Gene-fresh disclosures ^connection with the dis-be modified or be abolished altogether; and fourth, ral was about prosecuting a number o f mem-or national spunk demanded, and whether th e belt i s t o remain in England or to be trans- ported to this country, we hope that this is Che last exhibition in which the gladiators o f the two nations will b e engaged. There is a broader and more humane arena in which the relative qualities of England and America may be tested than t h e limited and bloody space encircled within the prize ring. T h e fields o f art, science, industry, invention and commerce are open to both, and there Is glory enough to be won in all.must lave been a mission of a religious charac- ter ; the Embassy to the United States is, un- doubtedly, the first one of a commercial nature which the exclusive empire o f Japan ever con- descended to send abroad, and they should b e received with due honor.THE AJJTI-SLAVKRY AGITATION ts THE METHO- DIST GENERAL CONFERENCE.—The proceedings ot the General Conference of the pastors of the Methodist Episcopal church, which commenced its sittings at Buffalo on Tuesday, are regardedMethodirts but by other denominations of Christians. We l e a n that the four principal ques-tions which will came before t h e body a r e , pearances but for the circumstance i n ques- ftrat,shalltlaveholdingbeforbiddentothetion.InthecaseofthecorpsefoundatSandyTM_ _ y .8yiM*©rmen emigrants, fit, hnndredof pitch in the York street dock. The relatives cal campaign. Our much abused and overtax-democracy were quietly snoozing orer t h e spoils i n 1823, s o have they been dozing i n 1859. A s toe rivalry among the leaders smashed the machine in '23, so has it broken the party to bits in t o . It is very probable that tiie further result o f the canvass c f 1823- aa election byr the Bouse—will follow, and after that a net* and vigorous party will spring into lifefromtheashesoftoeancientdemocracy. Tbe difference between this election and that of '23 ir, that the Issue is now much more im- porta/jtthanitwaathen,andthatthedekrisot the democracy will have to contend w i » a yourjg, vigorous, well drilled sud exceedingly bu'ngry party. Iftoeelection should g o to thewherethe'•littlejokers"were;butonliftingtoegivetheiranienttoaprohibitionwhichstrikesintriguingfovthespoils,notearing,sotheirthimble after torn vote, to their great conster- at the very foundation of Southern institutions. own nosta are feathered, what becomes o f thecountry.PROOISESSOFTHSNKWSPAPER ExrawiSrs- Tku.—The system recently adopted of despatch- ing toe morning metropolitan journals north- wards by the express train has already had theof about thirty missing females went to inspected city was attacked b y t h e buccaneers a tto be that of their lost friend. Nothing would hands were thrust into every corner where a probably have been heard o f these disap- placer oould be found, without any regard t oHook there would seem to be even less means of identification than in the instance to whicha rigid account for their betrayal of their trusts, and ruthlessly trampling upon the rights of citi- zens and plundering this city? There have beenwe refer.We should, therefore, owing to thiswhether the rale, o f t h e discipline shall b e s o covery o f this body which will contribute changed as to admit lay delegates to annual and to heighten the painful effect produced by the general Conferences. S o important are the pro- New Jersey revelations.ceedings of the Convention considered by the lead-ing men of the denomination, that they have madearrangementstohaveadailypaperpublisheddur-ing its eemion, to contain a full report of the daily gests the startling conclusion that we are liv- hauling before some judicial tribunal; but who•*• at oar reporters yesterday visited the Bng-THIUBLE RIGGING IN TOECHAMJBSTO.N CONVEN- with more than usual interest. Amongst theTION.—The Charleston Convention h a s been distinguishing itself in t h e game o f legerde- main. A large majority o f t h e Conven- tion, composed o f Southern and Northern re- presentatives, on the vote which o f the t w o New York delegations should b e admitted, decided i n favor o f the Albany Regency, or Confidence Cassidy clique, inasmuch as theseThe number o f disappearances which t h e firstoftheseincidentshasbroughttolightsug-publicmindtogivetheLegislatureanover-and amaty-four of whom arrived here on Tuesday capitals people are occasionally made away done, and those members made t o answer for port t o t h e South. B u t when t h e crisisandleftforUtahmatevening.Aaaecoumof«*1rWith,,butitrarelyoreverhappensthatdiscove- theircourse,thatarepetition^thewholesale cametoeSouthfoundthattheyhadbeenI ? ! ! ! ! ? ! ! " * 5 * * > ! » " m « 1 btfbrumtion will ry fails to follow the commission o f the crime.corruption may be prevented in the future. We sold. When the South seceded t h e Cagger- arenowenteringuponacrisisintheaffairsof Cassidypartymadecommoncausewiththeregu-befoundmano Th* Board of*not be^ng aWhereverthereIsanefficientlyorganizedpo-lice,aclueisspeedilyfoundto thepartybywhom it is perpetrated. If th e inhabitants of self, and the peace and happiness ofmillions of ever, also doomed to b e disappointed. TheyEuropean cities are heavily taxed for the pro- tection of their Uvea and property, they have stleastthesatisfactionofreflectingthattheyhuman beings, and will test the permanency of a republican form of government. It is highly Important, whilst going through the politicalthought, on the adoption of the two-thirds rule, that they were good thimble riggers aad knewin this state of things. The commissioners arepower of the public plunder. Half of the rank hurled against the members o f that body, In- this is the view the English press is going to of commerce and international intercourse.and file o f the o l d Northern democracy are stead o f being softened, only increase withtake o f this important contest, involving t h ethe old whiga are acting with the local demo-cratic organizations, or holding back with thevast reserve o f t h e conservative vote, try, even placing in the background t h e longwhich refuses to> support either extreme. to be remembered Wisconsin Legislature, that cated than ever, and further from a satisfactory The telegraphic report informs us that tookwiththemin their transactions theGo- settlement. TheSanJuan boundary difficulty an effort will b e made to rescind vernor and other high officials. may jet be arranged by diplomatic manoeuvresmajority composed of .Northern delegates who cannot count upon one electoral vote, wouldbetrayed t h e trust that had been reposed It is not long a g o since the London Tunesin them b y their respective constituencies; deplored the fact that the youth o f Americabut members o f both parties appear t o were falling off i n physical strength and de-have been alike reckless o f every sense velopemeni; perhaps the possessor o f the Eng-of pride or honor, and bartered their votes lish belt can dissolve that illusion now, afterunder the log-rolling system o r soldtuem like his recent experience; certain i t i s , that how-stocxuponthemarket;and,fromallaccounts, everdemoralizing maybetheexample ofthe of the Atlantic andPacific. Asthesenew candidate,inoppositiontotbecaucussystem,I n viewfailurea proposition will be made to adjourn, to meetof at orescindt h e two thirdsrule,dency. The name of General Jackson had beeacan form no other opinion than that t h e like was never before known in any age o r coun-Arethesechargestrue?Isitpossiblethat prizeringortherowdyelementofthecoun-thelateremarkableLegislature,andmakingan example o f them a s a warning to all others who may be thinking about pursuing the same coarse? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _staB«U«| eath« BUMWhen some clear-sighted geographer, yearsago, published a map of America on Hercator'aprojection, placing this continent in the centreia tte thatches and rstjfioas society i i _ * at b a t succeeded in giving the death bUwi! the democratic organist ion.nnchangedprices.Theofferingswereofagood Policeact;anyimprovementwillbeeffected TheVndecldeaIaterwatlaaal HaKklar oftheworld,andshowingoneitherhandtheTha»awFhaaetmOarPcUticafjaverage quality, and sold mostly at 8§c. a loc.'per C e a t c s t .Atlantic and Pacific ooeana, bounded b y the Tho I>eia»llttoB at" armed with almost despotic powers, and they The excitement about t h e great # inter- shores o f Europe and Africa o n one aide, P a r t jr.pound. Miloh cows were quiet and unchanged.Team continued plenty,and sold chiefly at 4jc. to 6c.Sheep and lambs were steady. Swine were plentyand sold a t lower rates, varying from 4|c. to 6fc.The total receipts were—3,380 cattle, 126 cows, perties of our citizens more secure. It is stated of Saturday and Sunday. The stakes a r e o f al wh at they called Yankee vanity in supposing stodytoAeiwUticalphilsoopher. Thedema! 1,167veala,6,426aheepandlambs,and5,328swine. tobetoefactthatthemajorityofsuicidesand coursestillheld,andastheinterestinthe thatAmericawaathecentreoftheworld. eraticparty,whichhasbeenferyearsutter*There was rather more doing In cotton yesterday, aad murders which are committed amongst females question whether the stalworth infant of Beni- What then w a s laughed a t a s a funny demoralized and corrupt, has at last faU«Tt, thetalesembracedabout1,000bales,whichwuul,00«said areperpetratedin,orinconnectionwith,houses ciaorthe well-pummelled champion of Eng- idea is now being contemplated as an ad- pieess, and decomposition has ccuuaeacaiwill b e supported b y public opinion in any national contest o f muscle still continues, and those o f Asia and Australia on t h e other, The proceedings o f the Oiarieston 0 b , - - . measures that tend to render the Uvea aad pro- though at a degree a little below the fever heat the English journalists tried to get up a laugh tion u p t o the present time afford a c s r l Tofprostitution.InParisthereisapoliceregu-mittedfact Withinafewweekstheheir apparent of one of the oldest monarchies of Eu- rope, aud t h e ambassadors of one o f the mostlationwhichcompelstheownersofsuchestab-firmer for common grades of State sad Wester* brands, persons who take up their abode there. It ex- grand affair subside until the arrival o f the ancient and exclusive o f the Asiatic empires, natural consequence o f the corrupt practice,with a fair amount of sake. Wheat was Held above the views of purchasers, while sates were moderate, including red Western at SI 60, CaiSbnUa white at *1 65, aad atends even to hotels and lodging houses situ- next steamer from Europe. A t present t h e will arrive In America with purposes that have which, owing to a vary long lease o f the pak. ated in doubtful neighborhoods, and a fine i s vtsceita questio remains unsettled. W e have a remarkable similarity. Each comes with a lie crib. have crept into and ismallk* Long-I»la*d red at SI 49. Cora waa unchanged, inflicted for non-compliance. The advantage a statement from t h e referee to the Londonwasmorebooyaat.withsalesofnewmesaat$1775,sadNosoonerisabodyfoundthananimmediatetherequestofthefriendsoftheAmericanpracticalobservation,toecountrywhoserising[eveniftheyhaddesiredsotodo. old do. at $17 50, sad new prime at $14 12.*i i. $14 25.clue is afforded by these registers to the per- Knight of the P . R.; but as the friends o f Hee- Interests have a n immediate a n d intimate of l^OOs 1.400 hhia, at rates given in another column. son missing—that is, provided she comes within nan consisted of only the few who were assem- connection with those o f their own* Each•M-raartrPusaar~ about40$bagsUaracaiboweresoldat13KcFreightquentlymade'thevictimsofthemurderer's/romanyothereourceofsuchrequest,itseemsonetowardstoeBritishempire,whichlicansthemselves.Beef and lard were firm. Sugars were firm, with salesferred to accelerate i t , and the party has nowengsganMnts were light, while rates were uachaaged.vengeance. Why cannot some similar regula a little dubious that the interference came from he i s hereafter t o b e called t o rule,Tho Dead Lock a t Charleston. tion b e initiated a n d enforced by the new that quarter. and t h e other towards t h e crowded com- quarrels of the politicians only so far as therThe free soil faction, after baring driven the Police Board? The powers which it wields are The general tone of the English press is de- munities o f Asia, which a r e again opening bear upon t h e Presidential election. Thirty. Southern delegates out o f t h e Convention a t arbitrary enough, Heaven knows, to justify it cidedly favorable to the British champion, from their long closed ports to commerce. There six years ago tbe democratic (then called re- Charleston, have themselves come to a dead in assuming a stretch o f authority which the London llmts down. W e are told that was n o concert between them. The fact to publican) party was placed in a poaitioa sum-row sowsar, -Rosa Hoo»-Fo**o-JtoWs i m D M U 'aaouaHAirs -muron, mU#I4•ajancrir*AMBRICAIImow.*J£_*»£^_"lock,andthelobbymembersareoutofmoneywouldrendermoredifficulttheenactmentofSayerspresentedhimselfattheofficeofthesimplyapartoftoenaturaldevelopementofiartothatwhichitoccupiesnow.Mr.Jeffer-tut. *aTAITTW m m u . nwfcftwi' aan, naraadwar— £ » « . IUJWSI. AC-BB*U««CS OWITMHOa.jrisoos BAU»QS, B—_t-»y-Oso. Cmmnrr'i » » • r_»_uSaw*.D-sess,Aa-Ioooias.up long ago, and the skeleton o f the organiza- the adherents o f both political parties from rarrrwc or m Oocst or UBATI—Attaraoon aaa BrMiag. tion was kept together merely by the cohesive every section o f the State. The anathemasson, who may be fairly considered the fstherreferee a few days after the fight, looking little the nineteenth century, pregnant with mighty the worse for the mel e, though his right arm changes.and going home. these silent tragedies in our midst.Thin settles, the fate o f both the Northern The Shame o f Blew York—The Latesquatter sovereignty men a n d th e Southern markabU Legislature.fire-eatersinthewornoutdemocraticorgan! ThelatemostremarkableLegislatureisstillbywardingofftheterribleblowsoftheAmeri-nextneighbor,toetruemediator,betweenEu-fromthepathsmarkedoutbyfckejof the democratic party, (aitoough someof was supported in a sling—its tendons broken America to-day stands in every sense as the his children have strayed wonderfully'pacitytoreceive punishment of thetwona- tions, and if the fight is not to be renewed, the international complications are more compli-the two-thirds role, but that the New York Were the charges that are daily being made without an appeal to arms; b u t this difficulty friendly relations are becoming equally as im- ed to deal with these subjects without regard delegation a r e opposed t o this. Confidence by the press throughout the State directed as to which country has t h e toughest muscle, portant to Japan as they are to England. O n e to the public feeling about them, aad to govern Caggerandhismenhaveakeenscent for the against themembers of one party only, and which champion canstand thehardest ofthedutiesofourpositionistobringthetwo tbecountrywiththeoldparrymachine,whichtowards a settlement o f the difficulties of the de- spoils, a n d they s e e very clearly that any we might easily point to a remedy o f this thrashing without giving in, is a more knotty oceans, which are the scenes o f great commer-was quite unequal to the work, and was smashmociacy.Theregularsharecometoadeadlock.nominationbyasimplemajority,andthatgreatabuseofpowerbythosewhohavequestiontosolve. cialdevelopements,intoeasycommunicationedwithoutceremony.In1823toebusinessofmittee to the regular Convention by a majority of in Baltimore on the 25th of June.the Platform Committee, and then adjourned toThe Virginia Republican State Convention met ton Conventions, t o meet in Baltimore on t h e of the bulls and bears o f the Albany lobby. effect of stimulating the young men of this coun- fact of our central position i n the world will count o f tbe highhanded aad despotic charac-at Wheeling yesterday. All parts of the State were same day with the Union Convention, and that The news o f t h e daily operations o f try to practise the science o f boxing, not only become more and more practically evident ter o f i t s operations. The struggle waa fo rrepresented. The Convention adopted resolutions both bodies come together and adopt a con- the legislative plunderers whilst In session, as an amusement, b u t a s a matter o f self-de- If the Prince of Wales would hasten his visit men rather than measures, althoughAmuch betterpropositionthan this wouldawait the action o f their mala. be one to adjourn both of the present Charles- their price daily fluctuated under the operations prize ring i n many respects, i t h a s had the bonds develope themselves the geographical which had become odious to the masses, on ac-farorabletothegeneral policyof the republican servative platform, and present conservative party, and declared its intention to support thealthoughofthe most astounding nature, was fence. So frequenthave pugilistic encounters afew weeks, or theJapanese ambassadors Mr. Adams was regarded as the repre-becomeamongtherowdyclassthatalmost weretodelaytheirdeparturefromamongus sentativeoftheopinionofthenon-slavs-of small moment when compared with th enomineeoftheChicagoConvention.Theproceed- candidatesforthepopularvote.Thewholeings were harmonious and were not interrupted. country—North, South, East and West—is re- charges made since they adjourned. These every young man i n t h e community has felt for a short time, they might meet and shakeholding interest upon t h o Missouri ques-tion. The popular voice selected Gen. Jack-The steamship Canada arrived at Halifax last volting at this continued agitation of the charges are not aimed at a few persons in each the necessity of developing his muscle, and ac- hands in New York or Washington, as the cen-evening,with*Europeanadvicestothe21stult,niggerquestion,andtherevolutionaryandbranchoftheLegislature,butamajorityofquiringaknowledgeofthe"nobleartofself-tralandneutralgroundbetweenthem.Anitsonasthemanfortoetimes,andhereceivedthree dajs later than the accounts received by the destructive tendencies o f t h e black repub- both, clearly pointing to corruption o f a n e x - defence/' until of late years w e see many r e -is, there is plenty of matter for thought in these two visits. I t shows t h e growing desire o f both Europeans and Asiatics t o know us bet- ter and to b e friends with us. The day ia not fardistantwhentoeEnglishandFrenchMinis- ters a t Washington will hob-nob with t h ethe larger number o f Electoral vote*. T h e candidates were all republicans; the federalist party was In its grave, aad the election resulted intbebrookingupoftoedemocracyaswell. The vote stood :—New York.The great prize light still occupied public atten-tion. The referee had not rendered his decision,lican leaders.T h e democraticpoliticianstent unparalleled either in ancient or modem time.youngwhose affinities are widely separated from thegreatwhicht og ohave n obefore thepeople; butthepeoplehaveone on which they will meet the fanatic idea ofthe day, and p u t i t down. But they want an trusts placed in them ?issue uponspectablemen—clerksa n d others—veloped muscles, which are capable o f doingTo all who have any doubts about the truth good service in case o f necessity: and that a Chinese and Japanese ambassadors there, a n d Gen. JacksonIa*?. Electoral Vote. 199,406 90 106412 84 47.30& 41or falsity o f the multitude o f accusations, we strong arm and some science in boxing are far Themindsofmeneverywherearestartled havebuttoreferthemtothedailyrecordof moremanlyweaponsofdefencethantheknife,Mr. Adams the diplomatic circles o f the United States will Mr. Crawfordment can be expressed.to trust him.The frequent announcements that suchtions, national committees, platforms and all, waa imminent In 1848 a now, broad and im- portant issue came looming above the politicalrer's congregation took place last evening, in the' female was found on Tuesday floating off Sandy infamy. The fact that the heavy operators from lectureroomadjoiningtheChurchofthePuritans.Hook,andwastakenonshoreforinterment.thecitybandiedthemostmoney,atoncefur-physicalelementsintoeworld,ahardygene-guestsoftbecityareusuallyreceivedbyourcracyseemedtothinkthattheyhadalifeDr. Cheever spoke in defence o f the Foreign Mis- The only articles found upon her person weresionarySociety. Nodeeiaionwaacome to orvote taken. The meeting stands adjourned uatfl a comb and a pair of scissors, which, as may be the lawmakers was spent upon New York cityrationofmenwithoutanequalontoefaceof corporateofficials. leaseofthegovernment,andthattherewaa-n* the globe. It has been supposed that this is tbe first em- occasion t o d o anything t o retain it T h e We presume that t h e great international bf sey which Japan has ever sent to a foreign Southern democracy saw its danger, recognizedcontestofmusclemaybeconsideredfinishedgovernment:butwebelievethattheJapanesetoefactthattoeoldpartybaddoneallitahalf past seven o'clock this (Thursday) evening. We give in to-day's paper a full report o f theimagined, will not aid much t h e identification oftheremains.Assoonasthefactoftheaffairs, and why the rural members knew s onishesthereasonwhy somuchofthetimeofmuch about thisseem from all reports that there had been a general understanding throughout the State, during last election, t o select a set o f pliant men to be managed by the schemists in a pirati-metropolis.I twouldby the drawn battle at Farnborough; for i t i sprettyevidentthatthebrutalfightwillnotbe ambapEadors,attheinstigationofthemission- Thischapterfromtoehistoryofthodemobers and Senators; but this we see denied fromquestions to be discussed is one whether slave-holding shall be forbidden to toe members o fthe churches. As the delegates from most o f Rouse, as in 1823, th e result would b e very the local Conferences have been selected fortheir anti-slavery sentiments, the probabilitiesare that theproposition willbeansweredin.the affirmative. The Committee on Slavery ap- sation upon a basis in accordance with the pointed yesterday to composed o f twenty-efx progress o f the *ge. What mode *l nomina- abolitionists t o twenty conservatives, which i s tion will replace the National Convention r e - anindicationoftheresultofthedeliberationeofmainstobeseen.Theveryheat*ystenu>fall the Conference. Maryland, Delaware, Virginia. is that adopted by the friends of Goo. Jackson- KentuckyandMissouribeing,however,repre- thatfa,forth*peopletomaketheirownaomi- sented,therewillinalllikelihood bea split nation. Tfatyarecertainlyquiteascapableas and secession in the Convention, just as there toe self-appointed persons who pretend to has been at Charleston. I t to impossible that represent t h o masses, b u t i n reality only the delegates from th e Southern States can appear to fight too battles of potty cliques,alla reliable source.hope in that direction.W e a r e thus left withoutThere is plainly a prevailing sentiment in theingina community in which thesecurityof hasthe authority that will takehold oftoelife stands lower than in any other city of the matter fearlessly, Is a question not so easilycivilized world. It is true that in the European answered. Certainly something should b o wiry fellows held o u t promises o f sup-doubtful;buttoebreakingupoftheparty totoevery best thing th*t could happen to the country. Itclears the wayforaneworgani-ourcountry,onethatendangersthe Unionit- larConvention.TheDouglaspeoplewere,how-!£? __*' *•» W for- H«e it is Crisis that we are en tiie verge of, toot we should nation they found that the active tittle fellows*«**. We pay higher to«, havemenofintegrityinofficialpositions,that weregone. Nodoubtbeforetheygotthrough ThusthefanaticismoftheNewEnglandabo-••Jee metropolitan city thatwe ourlawmakers shouldbemenwho cannotbo thepoJiticlanswillfindoneormorelettersfrom litionistscontinuesitsworkofdestructionand swervedfromtheirdutyorbeboughtUhecat- Preaidential candidates—like toe WiscaDon- demolition. Whattoolaborofsomanypatri-inverse, ratio to onr burdens. Nowhere eJ*e, not tle a t Bulla' Head. Who will nuke himself nelly epistle—In the market, to be disposed of otic and pious minds had built up it overturns-*W ilrW fl^V#r. hm stmtoM **&ctdr by uKMaf ft* ia for coat)ftt twenty dc-Uarn. aach, * Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069without scruple or remorse. The democratic party had alone, o f all the instttutlota o f thorailroads acrosstoe continent; and we are pre-paring in a thousand ways to unite the traffic the Hero of the Hermitage ran as the people'sbethetruecosmopolitancirclesoftoeworld. Mr.ClayThe election being carried t o t h e House,1 8 4 0 . popular present to them an index t o the vastness and revolution. The National Convention systemperor o f Japan has entered into close commer- and served- for a time. For the last tea years, cial relations. 'The Common Council have made however, k has been apparent that the smash-resumed. Both heroes, we take it, have got aboutasmuchofitaseitherpersonalprowessintheeighteenthcentury.That,however,history,repeatsitselfcontinually.Astheary St. Francis Xavier, to the court o f Rome, eratic party shows that political, like otherThepublicto,ofcourse,interestedlathes*suggested by the Legislature of Tennessee, aadForPopularwhen there was www.fultonhistory.com 