 NEW YORK HERALD.U l l l 9 V B O O I cnrom AJU>alleged improvement. Other parties opposed to rater. No term ofobloquy or reproach has been the measure also urged their opinions on the com- spared when the South was alluded to. Ac- mittee, but their arguments were the same as those cording to the accounts of Sumner; Seward advanced at thefirstmeeting. The committee will and Wendell Phillips, Southerners are a* cruelBRtcxniwoGE's SPEECH TO HI* OU> |CON TVEsw.—The speech of Mr. Breckinridge to fellow townsmen and old constituents at Fi fort, which we publish elsewhere today, is o of those sharp, clear, bugle notes of oratory always mark conviction on the part of speaker,andtheexistenceof distinct andwell defined principles in the causf for which he is contending. IO u rS p e c i a linly 21 ISM. w m cauMHuru sovxnaCT *xra.mo>.Ik W.TifforICJUHUF'AJTBwvtswtMm andbaldenweretecsdisposedtopre*sates,especiallySt Sodomand Gomorrah. Whilethemoremode- tbelowerrasfeoffiguresrecentlycurrent. Thetra&sac-* MtKALv^mtrxfwwrimf. x »w ow»Men fighting for tbe right have no need oflongwinded speeches and a multitude of wordsto cover up their meaning. "I am an American riences that the republican party is utterly cor- second to the forty second parallel of latitude, thnagh^<Vn"fc IIVUXUI OUftMmf(!•••••• **»Wtdtmotl u i l B , «MJ fa (At wafti««, eA«*>a«»aa<14*EXTORTS. IS.5.:..of the abolitionists in the North has reactedttJt|^135TflW^i^^;=t - MM*.—-F-AMuiuacsBis THIS rrcxinu.MJBJSV* OABVtiS. Broad »*7 -AIABWX M « • *«»*•;***» Boad #«*»-- WSWTF* 0a«0fH, Broadway. •* •l*MMKi-Rointt„#J »*#*. FEA TS-*. •""«'' M««iH»# M U ( K ' 8 TfTEAtEX. B:t*d<raj. -n.>W»IT AX» SOX— U»"U»****** A*ail.l.ktRA KWEKTS TKSAT1*.*. No. CI Broadway.—Off*Dcr. vernment, and the recognition of its constitu-icg North nf Eorops aSi.OOO 4*7,000 51,000 tional rights. Failing to receive all this at the I itical straggles with older and dexterous can- hnd corruption, except at Washington in the or- of peace m Mexico, except through foreign ntterreatia. IRlkw BOWnBX TTIBATRE. Be eery),—P•*A* so— BM». The no.;: market was heavy yesterday, and closed at aShort as the speech is, there are othCr poirjts well put. and well worthy Of attention. Iffe sought not tbe nomination, but the nomination sought him, and being in, he feels that the po>i tion he occupies to-day is right, and he accei fa* it with all its responsibilities, conscious that !ieis not animated or sustained by a hot ambitic n. He exposes the absurdity of calling a, conven- tion composed tof delegations from a majority oftheStates,includingthetwoonthePacific, Pennsylvania. New Jersey, Connecticut ahdMassachusetts, msectional convention: and pe claims that our double form of governmeit. Slate and federal, has been the most successful in demonstrating that free institution* may be establishedoveragre^.tpopulationandalarge area of territory consistently with public Or- der, and that the constitution and the equality of the States should therefore be preserved, jN|i .4 ; ' i n * * ' ^ - 1 *fUXM'H"8 AMEBIC IS Hr?BU\T. Bread**?.—Dwy and Bgjujisacis, UTI>Ccec'lne of fall 5c. a 10c. per barrel. Wheat was also heavy and lower. Corn was active at rather eater rates. Pori was les? buoyant and active, new mess sold at a-l'J •.'•> a $1'.' SI. pr.me do at $14 io * S14 31. Sugars were attady aad in gocd deuutad, with sales of 1,200 aan injunction against him. There seems to bea general fight all round among the spoilsmen ;meet tbe Prince of Wales.THIS RFPoar OF THE <V»VO»K cAxxrrrncThirty thousand conies of the report of the Co*ot«. :i.oNfiis» Ac.MATTOHAI, oOBCKBT SA^OOX, National Thsatra.- 1.CC0 li'ads , at rates giren in another column. Coflte wasP O J W . i»AXi.KS. DBRlXSfctCT * C .the nation. All this will suggest itself t© the mind of every man who ha^ anything at stake in the country. We may. however, suggest thattheonlywaybywhichthepeaceofthe country can be preserved is by uniting all the opposition against Lincoln upon one candidate, and that candidate the one who alone is sure The True t*»no In tbe Presidential l a m - of the Southern States. If the conservative men of the North can be aroused to a sense of theirdanger,soastocombineforMr.Breckin- ridge, then Lincoln may be defeated; but, on the other hand, if the black republican candidate should be elected, we can expect nothing butbut we fear that the old adage, which says that Committee have been pr.uted, but the House prist*when rogues fall out honest men come by their will not deliver them until the difficulty with M- Forti own. will not hold good in this instance, for the assignee is settled.at 15c a K 'v . it would appear that the fact predicted by «A:A<XUARDKX,Rj^u'-a r..-eei-VoCil. AXDIs- istwoorthreeyearssincehasbeenrealized,andtLatis,TIECAB3CT0!ltHXWlJtG.Attorney General Black will leave the city to morret-U.a^jUAX I'onttti.MsTFRBCBT CONCERT SALOON, No. 685 Broadway.- OAJthi»t crnFomption has outstripped the African labor de \cted tc its culture in tbe tropics. Freights were higher, and re rc scarce, while engagemeuts were fair.treasuryissuretobeplunderedinanycase.Almost from the very moment when the elec-tion of Clerk and Printer was secured by therepublicans, the squabbling began. Forney ing to GUI Point on Thursday, intending to stay sereis commenced by appointing his own friends to weeks.the subordinate offices in his gift, to the exclu- Mr. Cass also beiug absent, there will he ooiytbmg sionofrepublicans,andthisledtoaquarrel Cabinetofficersremainingneie—Mc:-ars.Toucey,HoltBOftti lJi>ct!. Beau..*, i; Ax. f/ovT.T [M.T., SC-wfi -Honefor PennsylTsnia.Secretaries Floyd and Thompson contemplate proeeal_1Man*torn,\\*dnt>day.JulyS3,18M.The "Sews,[»'.. U.eanr.alcf the C".«n.mu oiTjCtpe Race on urri.al of tht- Camilla o fpaitcn. Thecountryisnowonthevergeofthemostlies of disastrous fires. About half-past ninematter of impossibility, unless the South is abo-We hope he may live longy the Commercial Faint Works was destroyed by Bre. I,©*** about $20,000. The pin And carpet fac kory oi Messrs. Pelton, adjoining, was but little itauiaged. Loss abont $2,500, which is fully in-1Sort d. At three o'clock on Tuesday monfiug a fire •roke out in the stable of Ebenexer Gary, and in es«< than an honr the whole block, bounded byI'atharine. Maine and Grotnwellsfreets. was in a l»Lazc. About eighteen buildings n<re burnt at this lire.the roots, but you cannot cut, carve, trim, bend or break it.New World as a happy omen of our cordial re lations with his future Britannic Majesty.can party, though compelled to hold its nose,cannot be constrained to hold its tongue." Thnr-low Weed, taking the hint, turns over the soft im-ments, of the most elegant and costly kind, during their sojourn here, and the expense of both combined, we will venture to say, did notJ. * vKt'SCLL S MlXM)i iu.1^ t viuinjE. where »Le wa* intercepted by theii^...« \.icht of tht press. »<• h a w European a«F'»jt t - u. th*- loth u»*t., tvu. ULIV.-. later than the ac-rti.nt- previou-ly lccenttl. aud ailvlitional details presents a most magnificent example of the be-renewed and more bitter agitation, ending final-with Sherman, who thought that, as the republi- cans had elected Forney, in return for his treach- ery they were entitled to a share of the patronage, and the Clerk was obliged to yield. In one in-nefits of Ler institutions, cherished and sup-c(/.t-l of S\ria to !>tnji the outrattei upon the Chris-' there lurks a hidden danger, which threatens, tiiits there, and that France had done likewise. before many years have passed away, to over- Njc»Intervention nilLtake i«laee. however, until it is throwthefabric,andburyinitsruinstheliber-sequent downfall of the republic. Men and brethren, ponder upon these things!THE ADVENT OF A PRINCE.—The Japanese have come and gone; the Great Kastern has come, and is about to go; Heenan has arrivedpreliminary skirmishes to the great presiden- tial battle will soon begin. North Carolina will lead off in her election for Governor on tpe 2d of August. But this election will not amount to much, as it is fought upon local issues, and as the democracy are united ahd workingasaunittocarrythe day,withoutre-certain place before the election, was refusedby Forney, who gave tbe berth to a friend;and he at once comprained to Sherman. Mr.Sherman asked, with astonishment, "Didn't The steamer Susquehanna having beeu snbstUuted«•! iiitt Hijreuce froui India ;<:ul (.'hiim.l > i Hriti»h jfi»\i-mint-nt had announcedported by a happy, industrious, patriotic andTHX n t K i l t r MOJrKHAXXAin Par-l;|B';,irit that they had ovd-red a squadron to the united people. But beneath this fair outsideThe Board of Councilmen wenj in session lastiventag, when resolution* were adopted directing vernment guaranteed equal rights to all theGreat Britaiu. bates 1 .Ml .000 Franca 421,000 Other foreign port*, iaclud-711.000 itslocalinstitutions,an equal shareinthego- IJ2.000would be in Frankfort, the seine of alj his pjo- yet to employ their propensity for plunder Minister Molane has little faith la s speedy restorsteafirm, and from the fact that sales of Kio have transpireddauge-cu* crisis in its history. Young, vigor- ous ar.d prosperous beyond parallel in the world's history, daily expanding its territory, increasing its population and multiplying its re- source?, the republic, to the external observerO&hb. /'Ihe ITrsident B>f,duriDg,the sbs-ence of Secretary Ca*J|repeatedly been at the State Department, per-oaalk * tending to weighty matters pertaining to our fore«fl aflaiis.THt SAX KAX o n s n o x .The administration ba<- recently addressed another o»to the British government on the subject of the .Saa j * affair.the Richmond as flagship of the Me liter ram •. t. - j uad«a he give you that place which he pro- the officers that bad received preparatory orders tomised?'' and then added, with ao im- the latter ve-sel have now been ordered to reports precationconsigning Forneyto eternal perdi- board'the Susquehanna at New York on the Uta< tion, "I will see about it': And he did see August.withoutthebelt, and has received nodinner; i, w.k- a]>]>aifnt that the Turkish go* eminent is iu- ties so dearly earned with the blood of our an- and our telegraphic intelligence, published ingard to the Presidential split in the party.But the next elections, viz: those of August G, about it: for Forney put out his own partisan.i'4)*al.de of putting a stop to tht massacres.Frini Sicily there is a report Khat Garibaldi's Ministry had resigned. AI~o tltat a Neapolitan warcestors. this day s HERALD, announces that the Queen ofJt would be idle to deny that in the present England's eldest son, who sailed from thatin Kentucky and Missouri, will be of some Im- and at once put in Mr. Sherman's. portance, for in each of these two States thereertlCKEX FROV TBI ROIL?Major TV J Sutherland, ate paymaster of the KaraCorp-, has been stricken from the rolls as a dehuiuMeanter had*gone o\6r to the revolutionists. The position of our political affairs the dissolution country on the 10th inst. for this country, hassitt'e of Mt--ina had been decided on, and Gari-; of the confederacy is more than probable. The arrived at St. Johns, whence he will proceed tob'iltliV agtnte In flngl.ind had purchased several; country is on the eve of that great struggle- Quebec. Accompanied by the Duke of New-is. even upon their local concerns, a split among the democracy, whereby the Bell-Everett pafty may, perhaps, carry off the prizes in both these local contests. Such a result, however, will notMajor P'SEe'.l, of tbe same cons, has for som- tno&m But the campaign of republican spoil hunting performed the duties of tbe office.Mtamtrs, two of which had already sailed. It isidpi'tttd U»at t.aribaldi dee lined to assist the revtv the olu-fasbioned abolitionists twenty-five years his capacity of Prince of Wales, strengtheningis only beginning. If Lincoln is elected, he will bring down with him from the Northwest a horde of greedy locusts, such as never swoop- eduponthepublictreasurybefore.However,thecorruptionoftherepublican party dees not justify that of the party inHIWS FROM TIE PACIFIC.ArrivaloftbeCalifornia Overland ItaU-l Business Kevlvlag-^oadition of t*I Markets—Acquittal of Judge TarVy, 4m\UfKnist-inNaplCHtorthepresent..: Att-ountsfromChinat-t.ttt-thatthealliedforcesvX't C'Utheir way to the Ptiho. Where a collision vJfki'j the C'liincse would nndonbteiUy take place.'ihcre had been no change of importance in the U-adtn and Liverpool markets.We have accounts from San I'raflcisco to the 7th iitst.. received by the overland mail. The news i4 interesting, but not of special ira|iortance. Judge Tftm lad been trietl for kiHing Senator Broderick; id a thiel anil acquitted, it is alleged that the l*ocetding« on the trial were of such a nature as to lead to the belief that the prosecution and de* f#nce colluded together to obtain the acquittal oft | e accused. The reports of the harvest in Califor- nia were >ery Hatrsiactory, and large quantities of Ucad-itufta will be exported rrom the State. Busi- cAs^ at San Francisco was bctomiug more actiye.I By way of New Orleans v\e have advices from B;tvan* to the 'JOth iiu-t. The health of the city vta? good. Sugar was tirui, but provisions dull,»t-hile freights have sdightly advanced.From our files of Mexican papers which have come to hand, we pnolida , some extracts tlbewhere. The item of greatest interest is tte imiiudiate, unconditional releU.se of Gen. IAI feg« and companions by the constitutional govern- muu. immediately sftor their exchange for Gcu Ifi-uta hud been refused by Mirainjon. This ls»tt£^f[ individual is most probably shut ripin Guadalajara,»t here it i-* likely the last act will spon be played, 4 ith every chance against the church champion.The news from Honduras and the Bay Islands, >|i\eu in to-da>"s paper, is important. The people «>f the latter arc determined not to be surrendered Bo the former, and will resort to force if compelled. Tbe SotSj of this month was positively fixed on for ghe surrender. The Fourth ot July was celebrated h- the tir-t time at Uuatan.The British war steamers Hero and Ariadne, the Banner having tiie Prince of Wales on board, ar- ^ved at St. Johns, Newfoundland, on Monday. The f-cldtn Fleece, from Nen York for tJalway, reach- ed St. Johns the same day. She will convey to flngland the news of the I'rince's arrival and recep- tion in Vmerica. The Prince landed at St. Johns at noon yesterday, under a royal salute from the eitsdel and the vessels of war in 'the harbor. All business was suspended, and the entire population turned out to see the reception, which consisted oftago, andthefirstfruitsofwhichwerepre- theloyaltyofhisfuturesubjects,soastopre- bedecisiveastothevoteofMissouriorKen- dictedbyMr.Calhounimmediatelybe-venttheireverrevoltinginhisday.Onleav-tuckyonthePresidentialissue.On!thecon-, JIWIW' '»""'*1*00. 2.sa2J0O &;&,(«0fncr.upon the South, which demands protection foraround him; and if there is anjy place where a our minds, and not likely toon to be forgotten.NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JULY 85,, I860-\probably hold another meeting on the subject.Tbe cotton market ytawrdsy exhibited more sM»<t.nejs as a Kaffir, and as depraved as the inhabitants ofrate of the republicans have been attempting t«nsft*':r-1upsboui1f<X>•IBObotei. Tbereceiptssitbe peMi tine* tbe l*t of September last bare reached to conceal the true issues which will grow out 4 Mo t <>.' ;-»ies against : 6C000 in ISc!', 8,040,000 io 1K8of their theories, the radical section of tht party aad £.»: OCW in 1SJ7 The exports la the same time Uva has been throwing red-hot shot into the South- m i unt» d to Z 714 000 against 2,902 000 to 1859, 2,r-12,C0» ern camps until the present moment, when the in 1*58 and 2 206.000 in 1U7. Tbe stock on haod eomley will be a happy man.fctoner. aad Lieut. Ires tbe Topographer of the Cosnafc •p n * « IT* CW bates against 171000 m l s i f , ICi.OOO in1W* and 11 • W0 is 1*47 Tbe diatrtbatton of cotton exported, cr spared with that of last year, has been as fol- duct may be readily perceived. The violence lows —cherished a thought that was not full of devIt will b< perceirod that while tiigland aad I ranee hands of the North, the South claims, as the bare targesy increased tbear fuj.j'iec, there has been adidates for popular favor, and where re- pented canvasses in hot political time* have tried the mettle and the princi- ples that are in him. JHe knew thjtt it was not necessary for him there, in the midst of old friends and constituents! who had known every step of bis public caiieer, to deny the absurd charge that he was a disunionist; but it was meet that from that spot! where political opponents could most easily send forth a denial of his words if they were untrue, he should deny the accusation before toe whole country.ganization of the House last session, and the It is not probable, therefore, that he will again return fa Ielection of Clerk, Printer, and the other subor- that country.PVSM FOB m nsffnxmu CUO*AJCX.•a. *» decrease to the other foreign ports, aad chied) to the last resort, the right to secede peaceably andquietly from the Union.North of Europe. Should tbe coosutnptioa in thatdirec-li-ja on y , al that of last year, tc say nothing of a j-obab: incrtaie. It will be 8;*n luat the supply ia£iif000 And now it remains for the conservative men biles short, and as oar etock on hand b too low to admit«.f direct *!»'<•:! eots to make »\> the Ueiicieocy, it IscteartL.t it i .nst be made up, If at all .from tbe Liverpoollttaifcet.i.bicb will tend to relieve tbe pletn«raof«4otkthere, aai t<> bring It, large as itoow.it, In closer ap-pr^x rrraon to tbst held on the i n of January ti-t siderations. The matter has gone so flu* that than many persons ;-*uai* nave been led to anticipat.-.Ihetotil \»loeof onr exports totho present time maybo*est mated at Sl^ '.:i0,000, and th- toUl val'.p of thecro;> Usu^ far rceeh td at the ports may be set do-.va at•boot S-zr- 000,0t».dinates of Congress; and on that occasion itwas displayed after a fashion which gives anexcellent foretaste of what it will be under campaign, ia aid of the fends of the Breckinridge Coam*that sectional conflict which was initiated by castle, he will make a tour of the provinces inHbre he died. That accomplished and ing his royal mother's dominions and crossing far-seeing statesman declared that the the frontier into the United States, at Niagaratrary,weapprehend that betweenAugustand November there will come up from the "coMjon States" such a pressure of Southern sentiment as will rally all the border slave State? to the ticket of Breckinridge and Lane.In September Maine and Vermont hold their State elections, and) as the demo- cracy of these two States have taken up Mr. Douglas and squatter sovereignty to work upon, the result of the experiment in both cases will be of some value as a positive indication ofjtbe strength on weakness of Mr. Douglas and his cause throughout thefij. JOSHTI;, July 21, l»6t power. It cannot whitewash such gross mal- The arrival of the pony express this evening f^rnidn^anti-slaverydivided the Baptist, the Methodist and the Pres-byterian churches, would in due course of time in the capacity of a private gentleman, to get a break up all the political parties of the day. peep at the inside of the great country which his And we find that this question did divide and greatgrandfather lost some eighty-five years ruin the old whig party, that it killed the Know ago. At home he was a live prince, au em- Nothing or American organization, and' that bryo king; here he will be only as equal now it hae given the death blow to the once among equals, on the republican level—afeasance as the defalcation in the New York Post Office, and that in the Post (Wee of Newtbe following summary of California news to July 7 .— SAX FKAXCISCO, July 1, IS6C.Since the summary of news sent by tbe overland sni of the ll'th nit., there have been the foUowiag an. .ah a this port:—July 1, Wtthelaa, London. 2d, Trenchhartagitation,which hadalreadyFalls, he will doff the.royal title, and, donning that of Lord Renfrew, he will come among usas the, cannibals of the South Sea, as uncivilizedTbe tommissioa appointed nnd\?r tbe act of Ooagrea cheese. As It is, we are inclined to believe for running tbe eastern boundary of California fceoa- that if Weed will only begin the work by I'tcted, and to being actively prepared for tbe fieil smoking out Cassidy & Co., or ttV? versa. Gree- Lieut. Howry, one of the West Pointers, U tbe Coams:conflagration is on the point of breaking out.citizen—a Kentucklan—who never did tin actone of the most remarkable regions of the contioent.aaij rupt everywhere that it exercises any power. will farm the western boendary of Utah, New l k x i e a a i TThe natural consequences of this line of con-We have seen its gross corruption in Wisconsinto the friends and neighbewwho were gathered late republican Albany Legislature is fresh in bead waters of the greatest mineral region in the «*a.Thatistberealstateof thecaseasitstands.It is said the clerks in the Departmett? are la be as eessed twentv per cent upon their salaries during thof the Middle and Western States to say what course shall be taken to avert the danger that threatens the country. The question is a most important one. It is far above any patty con-tee. The Douglas nun growl exceedingly, but desire | hold on to their places.tHt ITSIRALThe funeral of Mr. Gate* was xttj large aad imposts*the politicians have no longer any control over it. At such a time every man should "consult interests which are above personal preferences and party ties. We need not paint the "horrors which would result from the dissolution of the Union. We need not point to the inevitable money panic, the breaking down of the com- mercial, mining and manufacturing interests ofthey arefightingamong themselves again aboutly in the disruption of the confederacy and con- Otn APPROACHING STATE ELECTIONS.—Tp.e stance a republican, who had been promised apowerful and well drilled democratic party. private gentleman, who, like any otherThe democratic party has ceased to exist. well bred youth, will be treated as such,There are now two great sectional partisan or- if he conducts himself in a gentlemanly man-ganizations in the I'nited States—the one a ner, as it is to be presumed he will. The fact North.Southern party, supporting Mr. Breckinridge, of his being a lord does not necessarily prevent The local and Congressional elections in and the other the Northern abolition faction, re- his being a gentleman, though it seems the char- Iowa, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania of the presented by Mr. Lincoln. These are the only acter of a prince is incompatible with that posi-TAINING THE JAPANESE.—The joint committee oi the Boards of Aldermen and Councilmen who had the Japanese in charge have the modesty to ask the Comptroller to appropriate $10T»,000 for their expenses during the ten days' visit of the Embassy—just $10,^00 a day—an expendi- ture the items of which they do not condescend to lay before the public.Wetrust,however,thatnotadollar will bepaid until every bill is carefully scrutinized,and the public can be informed by what sys-tem of gross extravagance this enormous sumwas made away with by the Aldermen andCouncilmen in question. A sum of ¥;>0,W0was originally appropriated for the receptionof the Japanese, and that should have beenquite sidBcient. The Lc-lands undertook toboard tbe entire Embassy at the Me-tropolitan Hotel in suitable fashion, andit is admitted at all hands that theydid so. Their bill, of course, ought to be theheaviest item of expenditure; and though wehave not been informed of the amount of theirdemand, we are pretty certain that it by nomeans swallows up tbe whole appropriation.What became of the balance' How were theother seventy thousand dollars disposed of?Sailed June SO, ship Tteresa, Melbourne; J.!; i>, sa*| Hebe, do.For tic greater portion of the time iace th* s>, .agti hel;<8t sterner, the market has beenextremely dul, astl rifling ambunt of goods is going forward to the couatrj.•-.ate the 14th business has evinced more activity and>] increased number of transactions are uotKe.be butsjgreatly depressed price*-. At the same time, only ilots ran be given, and no sound parcel can be d.spo-*drf t without submitting to even mu<h lower rates. Ooda are in moderate request and firm at 18' .c a is-, ? toffee—.-ales of Hio from -tore at 14c. a 14 c Ttu Victoria's cargo is not differing Cost! RxalT^ , »j Jiva ;n market. Coal—Anthracite q. ot at *14 (. -z berland in casks. $21. Dry good-.—Drills lie heet.af 10?«c., both Arm with an upward tendency. Na;l«. G'it. a 4c. Olive oil has declined H &0 u $5. I.mseel o;! !• worth $1 20. Provisions continue greatly depressed «•* auction sales of roik at $15 7,5 for c l c r ,n barrel- aaJ i in hall barrels, mess $14 in barrel?. B:.on—large am tion sales at 16>ic. a 17c, choice ia small lot*-, H ware 12>ic. a 13c.; hams are qukt; sales of B-- linj- at 10c. a 16>iC. and mess Biu.ngs at 17 . Butte:- I Prime Isthmus 2Sc. a 29c.: old slow I t s 20c Ia:4- I quittat 12c. a l i e . Rice steady at last quotation. Ht not active. Sugars in more re-ftest: es'.••« No 1 CbiotU i'.c. New Orleans at 10'^.c. a 10 ;c. mu-cnad. <k • 8'_.c.; rented white. 12c. a 12' -c. Spiriis -Fore.ga b««- diet unchanged: all domestic liquor* lower brand;. 4*, pure spirits, D5c. a DT'jc.; ale.ltfl, C.V. a 7'v aa^ff, S6e. aS'.'.r.; spirit! tarpentit; . 7>c. l.a- an! wa* doll and ten l:rg downwards.9th of October, however, will be .simply deci- sive of tbe Presidential contest As the pros- pect stands today, it is all on one side, like the tions for the Presidency are merely personal, for the last twenty years, including Lord Mor- handle cf ajug—all in favor of Lincoln. It w^ll and have no weight. Breckinridge and Lincoln peth (afterwards Earl of Carlisle), who made require a wonderful amount of engineering, will have the electoral votes; the other candi- seme excellent speeches and got some capital heavy grading, tunnelling, embankments, dates will enjoy the empty honor of running for dinners. Why should not Lord Kenfrew. in his bridges, excavations, &c, to make a track the Presidency and being beaten. The line has private capacity, get some good dinners, and over the mountains and valleys of Pennsylva- been drawn between the two sections of the make a speech or two 1 Or, if he cannot do thaf, nia sufficiently broad and smooth for thevital parties and real nominations for the con- tion.sideration of the masses. The other nomina-We have been visited by a great many lordscountry, and the struggle for political suprema-cy on the part of the North, and political:equali-ty on the part of the South, has already com- the cousins Bull and Jonathan. By all means let work of their October election. menced.to buHd up a party to carry out their inten-tions. Forgetting that the founders of the go- street into streets, roads and avenues; so thatthis unnecessary and expensive job has fairly the Corporation Counsel to apply to the Supreme States, the abolition party attempted, and still commenced. It sixteen thousand dollars jb de-with the spoons sticking out of his pockets.Court for the appointment of Commissioners to take do attempt, to interfere with the domestic insti-pay. Upon the whole, we have no hesitation taming the names of 2*>-000 men. a Tbe ship Carrier Ixn e La- e'.earei for U ^ m - *U gal action in reference to the opening of Se vent v- manded thefirstyear, when will the outlay stop?(ourth and Eighty-second streets, from Eighth ave-nue to the Hudson river. A resolftfon was adopt- of that section of their property by force of as the whole affair is got up for the purpose of amusing. That Weed has grown fat and ex-silver, tallow and other California nroducu. 10 J1 **<•• by the Aldermen and Councilmen is one of the at *60.to0 The ship Hebe lakes 10X00 saii.* : ***grossest swindles ever perpetrated by the Cor- to Austrai:a. valued at S-'S.OOO ^ The Supreme Court na* dec reed ihe contract « ^ "Jporation, and the Comptroller will be fully jus- State prn-on lessee legal, and the contractor <*'<•*•• j tified in refusing to pay it. It appears from the *>27,000 rrom the Srat«- Treasury. To a- win nu«arU» exliauit the gen.»;a; nixd ^ Over &u mindred Cmuese emigrant* hav arr.r»ed authorizing the Croton Aqueduct Board to pUee six fire hydrants in Harlem. The Board concurred a ith the Aldermen ia awarding contracts for build-arms. Along with this idea, they have taken ceedingly saucy, as a political party captain, cneating fees, ofcourse thejob will be protractedup In turn the particular folly or delusion indefinitely. It must be remembered that the law upon the jobs, leakages, perquisites,: fees andwhich ruled the hour, such as spiritualism, ins carriage* for Hose Companies, |Nos. 33 and 41. free love, •gTarianism, ! ouriorism. women'sdoes not empower the Commissioners to do any work in that locality, but simply to'lay it out:' and beautifully they are going to do tt; for it seem* that they intend the avenues to run at right angles with those lower down that is to say, from the Bast to the North river—over twopickings of the lobby, is just as notorious tothe world a* that a Peter Funk deals in si spjn-tious watches: that the Albany Regency and : and Curiosity Shop clique would perish if removedfrom tiie corrupt atmosphere of the lobby, as acage of buzzards would perish without camqn, present figure of $10.1000. We want toT>>e Street Cosusdesjuoer was instructed to advertise rights, and so on, until they have revived all-modest note of the committee that the bill origi- nally amounted to SI25,000: but deeming some of the charges exorbitant—too exorbitant lot an Alderman:—the sum w;«s cut down to thewithin a week. ^ CoLs.derable anxiety is manifested e.B ac.c.ai 01 »nou arrival of the- pouy express, wh'.ch Wt ?' >M>- tLe 20th and -j4th 01 June lKM The latest e <pre*s dates from the East are i«> w I*" and 14th of .(one b\ the overiaoci mail. . aTbe agent or th»» pooy exp'eas Here.how'v<'''•"»#«*forfivethousand ««««of Krenoble hose, the con-tract to be submitted to the t uutiton Conncil fori pretending that they are new and importantthe exploded theories of the last ten centuries discoveries in nodal science. As one partythe Duke of Newcastle can make speeches for him, expatiating on the cdenk cordialt betweenwrangling democracy to travel over, all in tbe same train and by the same locomotive, to thea banquet be got up in New York for the Prince They must, however, contrive to come to- If we look for the origin of this unhappy of Wales—we mean Lord Renfrew. He is bet- gether in October, or the chances will be quarrel—one that threaten? to destroy the in- ter entitled to the honor than many as ten to one against them in November. stitutions which the heroes of 7C fought for and others who have received festivities at our The Pennsylvania October election in l£(}u, bequeathed to us—we find it in the social theo- hands. And let his Royal Highness be as in IWii, will in all probability settle tjte ries which have been so industriously dissemi- shown the lions, and let every courtesy Presidential question. Hence, unless all tjie nated in the North to the prejudice of th« and attention be exhibited towards him. so remnants of the old democratic party arc ready NSouth. The founders of the republic recog- that when he returns to England he may make to be buried in the same grave wijth the old nized the institution of slavery as it then existed a good report of us, and when he ascends the whig party and the old Roman empire—whijsh in all the States. The institution is sanctioned throne of his ancestors his reminiscences of his is the grave (hat knows no resurrection—whjy.The new crop of wheat is coming in abundantiypirp qualities: can be had at $1 H>a $1 It The (V.ong vessels have been ecgaged to U^d v.hiat —T> Lnfthe military, without any remuneration; the Ppaldiog for Melbourne. Julia and W, Ihe):.. fo u?C#? carriages and yellow gloves of the Aldermen of ( ood Hope.aud the 1-ouise for Gee'oug A : t-ala f could hardly have absorbed more than five or the St. Helena passes a survey she will load far L*ten thousand dollars, even at Aldermen's prices. pool.Money is easier, and the late tlua-cial t- o'.au To be sure, there was the grand ball, "Which was pretty 'nuth cleared off.On the entrance of the Embassy to the city the by the organic law of the land, and protected sojourn among us may be pleasant, and awaken then, Douglas men and Breckinridge men, fa grandest part of the display was furnished byin the States where it exists by the constitution feelings of amity towards a mighty people, the State and out of the State <WPennsylvania,of the United States. In the course of time the who, letting'go its mother"s apron string, set upwill go to work to save that Sta£e in her coming New Kngland and Middle States abolished for itself in the business of government, and October election. Vslavery—not from any moral or religious scru- now, in a friendly contest, disputes the sove-the presentation of an address of welcome, and ples, but simply and solely because it did not reignty of the seas and the empire of commerce THE AI.BANV LOKBV- WHO Wir.t Tt jt\ a military, civic and firemen's procession. The pay. In the South the institution has become with the parent country, over which the young STATE'S EVIDENTE? Some days, ago. the Han.so abominably mismanaged by the Chesterfields shouldnotprematurelysnatchhimfromhis ofThnrlowWeed,saidthattheAlbanylobby oftheCorporation.Wedonotknowhowmuchprince was everywhere greeted with enthusiastic so far engrafted upon the political, and embed- Prince is destined to sway the sceptre, if fate Massa Greeley, poking a sharp stick in the ribs ilemonstrauonsofdelight.The city of Ponghkeep*ic has been visited by a ded in the social system, that its abolition is aThe Fourth of Ju!e was more generally c^rfjfataiT thepopulardetLonstratiocsthroughoutthe?ut?$» usual. In San 1 ranciseo the feature of most •nr"«U in the ceremonies was running tie first tram o' <*n«* th^Market Street railroad inaugural;t; that k.aJofa* muLication betwten the heart of th-. city »n4 lue<* skirts, a distance of two miles.THE WASHINGTON HEIGHTS Jon.—It appearsfrom the Comptroller's report, presented to the posure of the patriotic democrats con- such a result. TV- witnesses establ^hnj; tn«* <u« *great inheritance."clock on Monday evening the building occupied lished as well. You may tear up the tree by to reign over it, and we greet his advent in theLegislature of last winter was "justly a stenchlittle sum of sixteen thousand dollars is required It is the veiy thing we want.'' Con- fidence Cassidy answers, "Who's afraijd.' UoEJiepriation of fifty thousand, on the Japanese, although they had them a much longer time in charge than our Corporation. It is true theylast Legislature to lay out the city north of lj^thon," and pleads not guilty, which reminds li-very much of the innocent and indignant rogue did not give them a grand ball in Washington:iiisoyster beds, of the lobby at Albany, then we shall be ready to believe that Confidence Caesi- dy is confident of the election of Douglas, that Weed support^ the Five Points House of In- dustry, and that the moon is made of greenHEWS ROMTHENATHNAL CAPITAL.w."——— mmm—mthe bills for that footed up: but the Japanese in the public nostrils," and that "the republi- were the recipients of two private entertain-This, however, is not the view which washeld by certain philosophers who commencedthe abolition movement twenty-five years ago.They believed that they had a special mission Board of Aldermen on Monday, that the nice The federal government only expended Terry, were on the r way from San irauci.-to t.< aarajto set the social system, North and South, torights: and they began by slow degrees already by the Commissioners appointed by thecerned. Massa Greeley answers. "Do! I>|>! twenty-six thousand dollars, out of the appro-peachment to the immaculate lobby firm of the exceed eight thousand dollars, and that wasIndeed, all this show of honest indignationtutions of the South, and to deprive the people The Commissioners can take their own time, and between Greeley. Weed and Cassidy i* very in saying that this bill of expenses presented 26 0C0 bags of barley. .00.0C0 lbs .*f Aluu •«*>••«*•confirmation. A number of general orders per-taining to the opening and grading of streets wereadopted, altar which the Board adjourned till Fri- after another was broken up by the agitation hills and through two valleys. A design in itself there can be little doubt. As for \ the Hon. the items of this bill.oftbeslaveryquestion,the abolitionistsMassaGreeley,theselobbygentryarecontent to use him a* a scapegoat, a decoy duck, or tt stoolpigeon,orinanyotherwa..inwhichthpy may pull the wool (free wool) over* his eyjes1 betweaofeltlakeandCaraooVathyha"b»«" *^^The Counefhnen's Committee on Streets hold gathered in recruits to their ranks, and pro- pense it would involve.mised rich reward*tothedecayedpoliticians,tfheir second meeting yesterday afternoon in refe We warned tbe public from the beginning!and permanent coadittoa. n r 1 A ttre a t ' re*cent on tbe 27ib i.it . rfeetrwed 'J*^valoed at *6 COO. ahtcb w is insured ia l.<udou auJ i- P'*lcfcuipmnn*tor sS.Oeo. w,--*»J,eence to the proposed widening and extension of no matter frcm which side of the house theyCatharine street. J. W. Dominica*, who owns pro- cam»e. The orators and writer* of the newthrough at St. Joseph, the borsea «* 1*" r<*it<- * " ' * " .perty in Catherine steeet. presented a remon- party have been a* violent as the leaders ot the chievous and corrupt concern, burdensome toshortly after tbe demise of his wife.But, at all events, let us hare a full and free exposure of each other from Weed and Cassidjy; •cos,three-fourthsofwhomownpropertyinthe tion.TheynavedenouncedtheSouthanasectionbeautyofthatportionofth.-island;butthe foriftheycannotrevealallthejobsandpick-fltmnee to the project, sisaed bj abont 100 per- the owners of property and destructive to thestreet, and all of whom would be assessed for thechicanery of the Albany lobby prevailed, nndThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The Rott&a Tteatre was filed to its utmost saeaaUf to- night, to witntse the drill of the Cbicagr< InobftS. They leave here totiiorrow nigb* for New York bv tbe KorThe wheat and barley crop is pretty we,! » 'son* cutoffs* in the time of the French Revolu- Untitled DocumentTl>* C h i c a g oZ o a a v t t , Bosxoy,July24.l<*v)preposterous, not to mention tine enormous ex-for supples of stock 00 cU*:»e«\a* Uw »u,m*-*J:TML $ «• were driven off b» tbe lodtanv u»ve oaiyju-« o*^placed. .r,i«« ItAs soon as the pony which Wves herv i«> day • " »>that this scheme was going to turn out a mis-replaced in order for making the usual time eai." "/,' while dividing th.- spoils among themselves, j died at his rea;dei.ce in Cup* Girardeau, oa Vrilay la^t, and evert thing is expected jAereaHev 10 be Wept 10 » %sion, both of whom a n well aad fivrorabty knows t»ts» REPCBLICAA- CoRcri-rioN AND EBPI-BLICAN cocntry through their practical labors in tbe regisa « SOI ABBLKS.— We all know by repeated expe- the great West The line is to be nm from tbe tarty,tion to the constitution and the Union," said he and in Maine, and the unparalleled infamy ofthe north, aad runs through what Is supposed to embrace a*The Commission will leave within four or s u weeuhr tbe scene of their tabors.denial to these proud words could be found, it I The republicans have had very little chance afTAifts ix Mxnco.more favorable circumstances. The republican J politicians began by squabbling among thera- eelvfs asto how they should cheat the public, and who was to have the spoils; and now thatThe attendance was larger, perhaps, than that at th how they can cheat each other, and which of fbneral of any other citizen which has ever takes pis*them is to grab tbe largest share of the plunder. here. All the city authorities and the District of Co.ua bis Typographical Society were among tliase present Thus we see Defrees suing Ford for a breach The belli were tolled during the moving of the proxaioiof agreement regarding the profits of the Hou*e PZP AKTntX OF !OKt> I.YOX* FOR ikV.iXi printing, and Larscombe and English taking out lord Lyons is on tbe eve of departure for Ua'.itu »Most of tbe stores were closed this afternoon, as a triboh the spoil has been apportioned out. it appears of respect to his memory.Orleans, and othercorruption enough in both patties: but if thenotoriousrepublicans get into power, they will come Colporteur, Bordeaux; ships Lizzie Spald.n; and a.hungering from abstinence, and fresh for the operation of blood-sucking.Helena, Hong Kong;: 3d, ships Pisco, Bordeaux, and Inn Crukett, New York; bark Adelaide, do.; 4th. »h:p a Mackenbueh, and bark Isle of France; 6th, bar* Sum,TEN THOUSAND DOLLAR* A D O FOR ENTER- Newcastle.Albany Argus-Atlas, and threaten^ an ex- paid by the individuals who entertained them. collusion belv.een the prosecution and ilei-uce t<' |«ivi*eseeDeath of lion. Samuel Caurmtticrs. Br. IXTis, July Si, i-oO.The Hq<uUkan teams that Ssmael Gsrutners, frrmerU member of Ccugieas from tbe Seventh district of liK^otiri.that no anxtrty is called tor, aad thai it*- " t * 0 * * / ^ lacases. There isin a imall bosit thoy were delayed so liial li*7 !ld •* reach the Court House unt:l about twelve O'CIJO J*T Hardy opened the Court at nine A. M f* j ^ trict Attorney annoi.noed that h,.s *l l D, , j" had cot nuide their appearance. Tiie <*• went to tbe jury without a word «f te»n»<w and under the charge of Judge Hardy a 1 erdwt »: ae<<« tal was rendered before ten o'clockbut then they had heavy travelling expenses to Anew directory of dan Francw o K •--» pbl-aoed1*(-Arttoaa. It begins in the Washoe silver mines oaa*.ledge Terry was yesterday acquitted o! the offe** * killing Senator Broderick in a due! by a •.ry ia Mar* county, under such circumstances as lea* - no do ;t>i «•Of Hit. l.k\I - of the country inhabited by barbarians and pi-we must onlv take the consenuenccs.ings, and all the plots and plans, ahdw.th an Immense >u*U.Thesuppi"* fo. export i»*www.fultonhistory.com»a »-J —I---.^ «1—« Ithan ever before.< -nslderable qnantities of ore continue to *rri. •** /.':.' ll4rt