 •.a? ...VSBB »pnt• •*SJass*s& but"WaB "^BP»sane.but st aaWSBWW?swats-. _B&BBBWBJW-ft as * fu- aia- sob- .OBl- wttei ssft to ft&ay« • It la'». it. t h erfar t h a t*•-ate st of1 fav a totdisi to• laS t&e:ofaFtencbwaran*ageneral.i—Wp a* stiaaaa. AawMtk probable that the Austria bam anassatea to halt barfar bar if baraaaad b j a coo -' n»nch andMMl atety • •hard to say whetherNorthern Pwwees will aa—aft u « « «»<. l>at tba policy of Anatrla ta deling with Italy sad Hungary at the oataat of hostilities wouldIsgoodholdingground,istee,and twelve fathoms of water. Thia outer har- bor ii separated by s ssndsstt,amBshi length by a few feet hi width (aroundfinenorthernit woulda c t affect her Interestsa aw assays of to half fill theattats, sad » y*e wftft te it, UM waat or whtah Itwo day*., he careful. By tats Kam te allow tohedirty,soMto iICrto WOOD" BDDV a OTA,ehawe p a s t effect eoaiaa of anion.In determintrtg tbam i n their It is clear that Italy, unaidFurther wards a munnecessary towdty HaAfptry,could do nothing in tojh a war. aad toe creation therefore artess: what -deal Hungary want to tight far, and ia ibe Jas- &esmb«-r demands? The Austrian charter failed in eooeittattag the Hungarian poofia, or mmmovirj* iuthe least that settled conviction that they feel of the insincerity of the Hoose a* lUpburg Bet perhaps they judge Francii Joseph haidK; they want Hungary to be wha*;SCEfltS AB0TTCT TOWN TX3TXSOAT.sets* salaam yesterday as it hadhem on the day previous, owing toof theepoUcaats at the pomps aad bydraaiibad obtaiaad a •wpoly anoagh to k m them for a day or tewea them, aadIt ww prev ione to 13-18, to hare its old canstihi gate thichaew M thirty feet Some of themcrrr HALL PLACX rrsrr.ties end its old boundaries restored, and they ars disappoii »*d with anything short of that result, and attribute whatever concessions theyreceived to the fear of an atiiaaae of with Italy. Their legion acting under <asfiboldi aad the identity of uvereste between the taw eooaittes. hare atrengtheued the link wki^ooftftectt them with Italy, although theirTOftfd for tbe Italians hi small! They like issby became they consider their political casesinseparablefrosnBen,andthatItIstheir istereet as fees at Austria to airy the—aire*present more the appearance of anthracite than bituminous coal. It hares freely, with a strong beat, and is beiieTed to be suitable for domes- tic, meohsniosl aad oosasaercial purposes. Theof the speaimeaa taken from is at present being made by Dr.latd dowa to toe pteme front •beam t m tetotwm rameval to toe yam 1838 aad from:drawing tbe rod, which waa of great length, from Um pump, aot before several of tbe byatondera bad tried to do so an<t failed, aad he seat two of his men with it totwo days without water? IT, howerer, al! toe expedition km hem need that soaks psssiblr be, oar readers ahrmld learn to te thankful for msretes received te on- baring water so soon ss we have Two days being without at bad enongb, bat tew would toe loss of water fjr a week ortwobe felt?The reception of the Prince of Wales ic this that she wanted from Austria Tbe Imperial country was the best proof we conld give thatUrn btackmith'sm as to get tt repaired, as he thought tbe pamp of too great a value to the neighbors to be long Idle. It ess rather amnsteg to are the peip'e'a looks after thej bad pieced their pail or tea kettle on the epoutpnrjra, GLASS.were ready to join hands with England and gofor ward with our ancient enemy in the work of 1m instance in preference to a war. still gees prcgrses, of civilisation and in the extension ofworked too easily Some looked vexed and some laughed, espaeialty when they new o>hers langhing at them mr Doing ao tooted; aad many of theea would watt tUi t m next eua-1 to boy.i.B:ply. if, howswet, Hnegary. ia the event ofwould have received only 145 votes, and would therefore have been beaten. Here is a table of the votes he received, and the votes he wonid have received under the district system, in tbe followicg States : —Urueral TTrX'e?. — By IHstriets.—.4 11 I Ifbso'.iri i 8 i 5e ty, would nedfrtake aed oerfbrin toe whole necessary labor a i d rriteri.il for renewing the broken pipes aad supply of water in six working boars, tar a sam of teasB. V HkUBHWCUT a CO 4f0 met tot to as dwas, career efI * C O , OkaaaWsaadJ Boalal SS.*Uand7LBAVKP.rnskaberHaS 0Bv>ap'-eu'sr antale of the day fortmpAustria miking the required conceaaions in the488.an to purtutt further advantages by putting her to the sword, them she will Incur tha reprca-h of Europe, and no herself more a*rm taut good, besides throwis* the entire con-inent into con- tusion.liberal ideas The English seem to understand this fully, and regarded the history of the Prince's visit as the very beat evidence cl tie courtesy, good feeiirg and fraternity whicsotte great Power should bear to another.it must be fecoUec*ed tfratEoglaad is maf-ir.Via it»g siBgle banded the old contest of liber i!<4tnl'->w.HIiaci.-....li T 4turn Speakiagef tats pump yesterday w« mentioned that it was rumored outaide the cmwd thai tbe proprietor of tbe pamp bad been making a charge far the w«ter, hat we then s atod that we knew nothing of tbe facts of t m aw. aawedaaotwiahtobeunjusttotbepartyem- eeraed, we give his letter to us upon the subject —TO ran mvrroa OF THE HSBALO.Saw Veam. Dec. 7,18SS.I see by year report of the ace city of water that there waea charge stem lor water tahaa from the prnsu eor- ae? of Montsoraery street m a Bast Broadway. Hems correct toe above, as I am proprietor of tbe livery stab a oa tbeeiove corner: aoetevgB was mam or received Voura reapecttuiry, JAUK1 OUVASY,Corner of Baet Broad vay m d kontgomery street.BBBUT AN9 QK4NT) BTBtBTC.At the Junction of Um two above named streets Ourtis a Ca kcae repaired aa aid pamp by putting tn a newI wilt give twenty thousand dollar* bonds, oa a wager, that I c m perform a 1 ke amount of labor in that time at ieaaoott. Bespectfally. JAkJS COCHBAXC,One ef t m suifarers, No S Tenth street, V. Y.I have itspeotea tbe work and know what I write abiut.J. C. At Bight when one of toe erf rscera weak to the New Haven BaMreed men to ask tor toe mm ef a mm replttd that WUM* "eonld only get theireagtorato^TsSamMhave theuseef motive to rive them rtekt, not only a 1 Ismp waa banded to the workmen a m e: treat usebreadth of one mile.childrenSosotfSwwiththehydrants in ttsamwMssMssm <tteir heads to thssoto of their that; and lookpreventlowed, It can be shown that Lincoln would have been defeated.'TwTMWP«wiIlWlWS|pWliW'«'W"*"• *.. I-H-""of which there is an excellent eight hundred yards wide, with not ), from the inner withan average The inner harbor has shout a square mile of anchorage, witha depthof fire fathoms, sufficient for the largest ships, and about three square miles of anchorage for vessels of smaller size, Dr. Evans, the geologist, reports that the average depth of the coal Beams in the vicinity of the Coiriqni Lagoon end the islands adjacent is seventy-three aad a half ieet, varying in quail- tymsnawreaaleeaunes,oosnngnmssotwooay structure to semi-bttuminous and anthracite coal. The best exposures of ens! are to be fcund on the Changanola river. Their aggre-hesJem.imitly hsmef Patty oaswwmm. she mat* H TSATOSRaY, 1Thn Vrafiajasj or T B P of Hew Jersey are about totoIathe Common Council adopted squesting the Mayor of that city to call aing of the citizens to take action in view of "the peril of the dissolution of the Union ofUnitedhave grown to be aMas." What is the State of New York about and especially the city of New York, which has mereha lose bythe dlasolntinnof theUnion than any other city in the Union.' Mthe whole of the New England States seceded from theconfederationfa the slightest degree*, and if there is to be any secession that is the kind of it that the citi- zens of New York would prefer. If the South- ernStates secede-thewholeNorthsuffers,but meat of all the great commercial city of New York, whose prosperity has beea built up by the Union aad by the Southern trade.We do not expect the Common Council to take any stop tending in the direction of tile interests of the city. Their business is to rob U, as the business of members of Congress ap- pears to be to plunder the nation at large. But we hope Mayor Wood will at once convene a meetingofthecitizensofallclassestoexpj their opinions on the momentous crisis, aad to adopt such action as the urgency of the case demands. And we hope the merchants who held tbe meeting on the steps of the Exchange before the election will attend. But let people, at all events, attend In their aright and repudiate the politicians and scoundrels who have brought the Union to the brink of de- struction. Mr. Iverson, in reply to Mr. Hale, in the United States Senate, said he did not*?.-TDBK HERALD.of Boston, and a final report will shortly be' fear so much what Northern Legfslatures didwater mtxtog with the dirt of the adjotateg a m heapihat tawihtort orer into the gutter in eoaseqaence of theboa hatog too fall. "Oh, whan hi toe pretty hey wtth vauen waa Ihiswa teto toe vaeaat apace oa tbe las'.made to the department en the subjectLieu*. Morton, who made tin survey of theproposed railroad between the two oceans, that the real popular feeling of the North is in statesittobequitepracticable. Hisreport favorofjusticeandfairplaytotheSouthern however, is exceedingly meagre, and does not States, aad opposed to all ami slavery crusadeswith other fees of a tfhe order. The unity of establish sadafactorily the grout ds of his opin- against their institutions.PRIC1S1, T W B TTeak,1TSCHATJW QiLtUT.aW BBOAUWAT, A aema the beautiful "Cmderella P c t u r a "KsmaTatm-gapoLavm TA» A. mjosrmv.seauamuaSealing which ^hey share against the one Power ion. H e promises, however, a fuller state- wiidraw them closer in the bond of friend- ment of the data oa which it is based la another ship and the Hungarians will take good care report, mm sickness aad tbe fatigues which he to profit by their friendship with Italy to ob-It a in vain to wait for leaders. It is time for tbe people to take the matter into their own bands. By prompt and decisive action they may j e t avert the progress of disunion at the South, aad save from dissolution the noble edifice of liberty erected by our ancestors.Ctwors FACTS ABOUT LKCOLX'S ELSCTIOS.— When ihe original mode of electing the Presi- dent of the United States was changed—at thetain new concessions, in return they will feel hound toy the ties of hewer and interest; to knd s helping hand when needed to the 1 aOaaa, and If they use the new kingdom -to assist these hi regaining the old eosnrti- tuaoa. the latarr can hardly he accepted without measures being adopted towards securing the cession of Venetts. It is possible that the imminent danger which would threat-en the Austrian empire from auoh an alliance might induee her to decline the combat and comply with the Hungarian demands, ewes, eventually, to the extent of ceding Venetia. If she consects to fight, the atruggle will he des-perate and her risk ofIt will therefore be well, in order to a cstaetrophe, for the Cabinet of"thefirstmeeting of the Hungarian Diet, to cide open some equitable and definiteot procedure by which the claims of Hungary should be ooDoeded to the farthest extent petfble with the security of the empire. Hungary might formally press for the cessionof Vtneda, so doing a good torn for Italy,sufitered o a Mm Isthmus having combined to render the unseal owe incomplete.EX.IJSH Views or AMXRTCAX POUTKS—A RXACTIOX ImtrTED,—At the latest dtetoe our cousins on the other side of the Atlantic had received the news of Lincoln's election, aad were very much delighted with iL The Britishjournals, without any important exceptions. at amanwewa politics through Mr•acmeoftomemane*meattotheafssawtemwmciaaad archwastobetenad.Theworkmentkorefkeedevoted time of the difficulty between Aaron B a n wad by aomrsi women quarrelling tor the right of prece- their whole attmtkm to toe known iracura Theattriumph of the republican party as aenaand all i V Thethat thaw should regard the for all the Ills with which the politicaladopted; b u t owing to the sssehawstsesm of cer- tain politicians and the ambition of others, the mods of election by general ticket was adopt- ed in thia State, aad it finally spread over all the others. Many people not thoroughly ac- quainted with the working of the system—end foreigners especially—are surprised how Mr.providing "It these* HaWe ap-he baysto the beat advantage, which, with toe snow lyingon all sides, save quite a wintry aspect to toe sceneof the United States has been afflicted.prehend, however, that the news by the nextsteamer will wear a different eomplexon.There are two great censes which will worktogether to produce this reaction. Oce is po- Lincoln could have been elected while he onlydolitical and the other financial and commercial.At no former-period since the foundation of therepublic has the enimt* cordutlv between GreatBritain and the United States been so firm as at tricts instead of by general ticket had been fal-" The pomp is brake!" eeemed to calm a part ef the dm-putents, but the remainder sal' that " If it had not!for so aad ao they weald bare goutheir supply,''maaocs' work, bat it should ba always borne in mind that whoa a city Is in danger expaditkm should al ways be used. We gi m below m e of toe many awawaWaWeStem we bare received upon this sahjaet, sad if what toe su'oacrlber says be true, that toe work could-3wwhore friendship aarisssd her iu obtaining allgtveramentwouldharenoalternativebuttooldprejudiceshaddiedaway,andthatwetoralcolleges,andLincolnreceived180;oftoepamp,wiiftancbastiBfacuoaatgettingaooaea tivelyassertthattoeprobabilityisalmostacertaintyareifah1sateadtoaaH.eastwtomemk'eaTm CoysftTatnrs VOICE or THB SOCTH —l»-'•OSTJLW LwfRna raoM Psestamerr PUBLIC against despotiim—the right ot the people to Few -iwr-tH24 1 1 Ci.ii,. ..2:5 8 Ing letter from the Secretary of War ia reply against tbe sword. It is therefore the interest of Peaasjhaiia. . 27 21 6fv>v. Y ork.present state of the country. We gtve to-day wemhen tbe United States, the only Power to Total 120 n 47•Man.—We pnbHahed yesterday a serf interest govern themselves—the power ot the pen to a cireit5 tr asking him far hie views en the Great Britain that nothing should happen tossPT8HT SCKWB AT TBS Last night the sseee was very peculiarand Governor Qamstou, of Texas. These gen- event of a combination of tbw Europeantlemen are known throughout the country as Powers sgainst her. It is also the interest of district in which a democratic member of Con-ittosg aftrtiaaue of the Uuiou. Mr. Johnson the other Powers that the Union should be has escried the banner of conservatism through dissolved, and in the same proportion i; is im- a hunired battlea, and ia one of these wise and portant to Great Britain that ao star shouldgress was elected an anti Lincoln Presidential elector would also have been chosen bad the vote been given by districts. For exam- ple. Lincolngets the whole thirty-five votes in New York, whereas eleven districts elected democrats to Congress, and he would there- fore nave g o t enlylwenty-four votes instead of thirty flee; M * so it was in Pennsylvania,prudent Southern men who beaieve that tbe * 3euth-obould ami tend against Njrthern fanati- cism within tee Union, hwsurrhelem, Mr.disappear from the American flag.The Eagllsh journalists understand this very well, but they have been misled by the black republican leaders, and rare been induced toJohnson does not beettase to say that untemUrn "Month extends the ©lies branch—no- believe that no trouble would result from the es* the Personal Liberty Sills are re- 'rhrmph of a sectional party. When they re- penied-unless the rights of the South ceive the news from South Carolina—whenOhio, Indiana % above.These are cur|hjfceotherStatesquotedo the Ttrrisoi Les are respected, and untemibe cotton Statee ha»e the at wt undoubted upon the brink* of revolution, and that alreadythey are informed that the cotbjn States are»ih not be molested the commercial interests of the country have Vermont has refused to repeal her Personalit now exists—et mast f mr States wiH been prostrated by a panic which has beea -ollow South Carolina, and go est of the caused altogether by political events—when Haiss on tbe « h of Mai ..a next. Mr. John they see that all our securities have depreciatedways a derated friend of the Union—deotere* safled. The lank of Eagland aad the BankLiberty bill, but she has aianemhk^aen com- pelled to submit to a repeal ta^BpBrice of wool. This staple,wbichisherchief product, since Lincoln's else* ion, has declined from ten to fifteen cents per pound—a reduction of half a million e f dollars h i o n e year's production i n that State atone.It, 78,11,74, »0/«,T7.17, ^ ^ j ^ - 5. SsT"!»"<7r4r«,'^L 4 71,-a,att,T2.•en hopes that thia calamity may be arerted,and manxfeim that the Preeidest elect should,*t an early day, make an official declaration as depth they, as well as many mu-guided pea-to his official programme.It m eeiwamt from Heastes s letter ihat thereand bankers—really the ruliag povVers of Eagland—were aot in the united and determined. The Goeeroor—al- most comforteble position when the Ajiahas been a aetun outside pressure upon him. The secesMeaiet p*rvy m Tense is powerful« m he ready to resist the last en the rights of the South, and ins a a strong Unionmsn, he willofttMR tetters to the •special st-of France has] made s temporary arrange- saent with a view to relieve the money mtrfcet, and tbe London writers hoped that the Bankto a most unprecedented extent, sad that thereis for even the soosdeat stocks still a tower pie on thia side of the water, will see what aof iateteat. which had to six per cent in order CoarrestOn the heels ofthe news ef the American panicM3J a 104, would to tor cotton nasi ifenwamns, which they of its would h e compell-8"* ^ ^ "ansTTCTraned to Rise the rate of interest, in- stead of 10w«. 05 it; a greai quantity of Ams> rfrsn<se«ui*te»w«ahl we sent baf«; the pantoextend a l sear the Unites TItegdna: baaieti westld trehh, wv*^ss^t*ccaM« %ank ntpti. atd the Jfeal reeuit maj t»e *fce «vpenUntitled Documentennrmimvnvv. blsSBHiSSi,jaaediSb* a? koOte.AndBut do aoi allow n o b wilful waste to«two with care. T<troflWJentdemand asftSsi toia aamtal places varyUrcljraad animated. Some few •muatng aeeaoa occurred m various lojalitiesthat wo have net too a month to give ia tats tarns, m t htea may be latharad from the tew.incidcnta atr*1moderated yaaterday, aad keptte sneh good ardor tut the BOUMwere not r?q<iir*d to he on daty there, 3ame ofthe femalea regretted this, as they had to paddle aotogaa tor aaate tome from the cracks in tae bub" oftr.e papa, aad teem toe damaierl aaofctng- Whea tbe pipes te tea amen eanmd by ao mach traffic, aad the fl >w of md meri-'y a few feet of earth over them the leakage df icame, certaeltae it <sa thatt'when the pipesortSce lafge*nooghfoalliwamanto creaj of ptopie that oataarsdky arc*ed to this anmmvmsi to koto sasma Itawematbatas ha feared the popular sentiment of the North,Let us convince him, aad convince the South, Stoyesterila} " i«Oh, bo Ihat lost the girl's p a . . - sail which, totm test, resembled a turkey carpet, bad m tJefferson—it was generally supposed that thedency, which fmrreJ remsed te a flght aad a ratiwater which bad formed tee "artlncial !ske" spoken of yesterday, bad to a great degree subsided, aad what raws toad m d a thin coakteg of toe over the top.plan of voting by districts, as we do new ia the am MwseJhss it m not to election of members of Congress, would beaad shawls were soon pulledSnt while thia Sjrotiag wbich stepped me together in a pitiful " What shall we from the a c t that the coaSome of m r readers seem to taink Um work might hare the hook off the sncVer or ptstaa rod, aad the cry of progressed faater than tt has done in the case of repair tag ibis damage We cannot prestrme to he judges efreceived one-third of the popular vote, although it was apparently the popular vote which elect- ed him. But if the system of voting by dis-each like remarks, after t m crowd bad cleared fawaytm owner ef the pamp mcceeded te wtth have been drae te six bourn, why keep 'too citytbe carley hair." aa'd one, "who was ao very gaUwa to riaer side of tbe arsenal, making a level stem ef grntmd far same extent, constating of a soft materialuanother.pitj " remarked a third. "He wae a darltat, Sadaaoatotheendcfteachapter. Tmproprietorof the pump ba<! i>een»r< queeted by bia aaftghbora to take off the baudm, as the number of people coming from all parte caased a nafcwace to them. Thia he lafoaed to do until tbe Crttea water was regularly en agtln. "Oh, then, ysa need not io it *t all IT yon do not do it before thm," the complauaat enilUy replied, aa ha aU'.tod away. So. notwttbataadiag tbe growitag aad grumbling, the btaaties of that "daaat: and rioaniy mighborhaod'' were enabled to ant their water ail right.JUST BBOASWar AND HOKTOOUESY STBKET.The pamp here was much more need yesterday than the one test spoken of a h tmaerraatrrk for a quarterof a mile around made uee of tbe water ' r o a thia pamp.toe dampness retatedad tbam wtth toakr boots or eg a rubber ahne would be ad' mm. Intoecentreofthesideofthegapaloftypete bad been erected, to wbtch a "kmg arm," worked by rope and pn!lies, was attached The aaate pott was steadied by fear rope ata>a. aad thia derrick was mad for shift ing toe pipes irons p>ace to place Tbe remaius of testBighTa blvocac fire waa still smofaterteg, a m aa Iron cauldron flmttetatog lead was ptenad over a blaeteg coal Ore to smelt Stondtac ea too avenee. m d amsrtef oown towa, toe left band side pipe had jost bam lowered teto tta ptace whea oar reporter arrrrei toe second time, aad the number of outside m m te toe hole aad around tbe hole showed tool noi only were toeed te toe work, bat also were the en•oka of t m sledge hammers, aa they wto strike toe cote ehteat, catting toe aew pipe, tbe aew pip > to toe required taagth to fit te toe right mad akte of tmsBaia,aaadeaaniec eassjah todoaSaaan Bear it. Aboat two haadrerf Saat higher ap tows another exoavation wae made to reach what waa sappwed to be aaotbor leak, hat 00 arrivtegatthe mama no evidence oftn tm gnttor •off UN VaSa ar-of She wear from the teak that Sowed Parkof water If that be so there will be in tbe~ ~ 'g-vrsTasm rrs QCCPTASTS. AKD ITS OOOOTj omoiax 1JVKomciiLrouncai. rascr.^H a 'aaatce dcty here to day." -Uore'tUnlstoat working of tbe pomp bad worn away aad brokenIt required to elect 152 votes la the elec-but bad the vote been by districts he chance, wbaa thaw tried to pamp aad Sound the ban Ha that any respectable ateuui enginebtubliahmeal te taisa)l•S-i'f'x.s Lire"t..V ;ZfT -o&J.Qpp'n.iuJiaua n IIaapH":lmseKs iaonofbreadrak^s/ind jiaatry Tt WnMfb yhandle, looker, *r , and by the espeaditare of about five observers arte might here been lettersfromBerseftaiV.Johnson,of<rttorgia,*whichEcglandcouldlookforsupportinthe dollarshavemamtikepnmpatfornee.TheUratdemandtbeSixthorVghtbavenoee.Oaantvtegattoeamp.Te understand the basis upon which this table is made out, we will state that in everyon the water wee so great that the people soon ran the well dry, fca after kaepteg toe haadhfor a abort time t m water Sowed inasd yesterday afternoon there was s good-mppiy of tbe needful " White UM pomp waa so fee- teaed an exited Gkrman rame up to Curtte and said, "Wtutimr yougoaaJ Ue up the pamp fo;? It ft m t year rroperiee: it bemag to the Corporatwn, and the vatcr ia lor me. T ab!" " A it there to no water, ft tend, and I doaotwaatthepumpbroken." 'Bat itbelongtome.'could persuade toe woaid be Teutonic AqaaSawtal others tkeeght that sellmhaam waa the eaus« of too "lock up," wkwreas neeeesitr really waa.OBOBASD A!U> OSUUO STBSarrS.^a we uotnana tor water waa very great Tbe k P. had to beSatloaed here toheap m y ktok ef order: mad totacitttoto meStsSS mmeamtsd htmaaat on aa oW paaateg ease, top ea a pair eg kmg tedm rubbei> beote, tack tbawpalbi from tbe appkoaota, km tham Sited, or rather hew them unmr tow ssmst white others worked "Um iron tad of toe cow •—*or thti cow has aa tree tali and torn aameed too asm to toe owners. Notwtthstaadiog that he work*S quickly, aad aotwtthappearance ef toeby toe Itebt from four politicallong poles, and peering to moltentbe jototo e f tta pipes, k m sussaasmt or m ssaBBBmmea. I b e Ugtm from t m neat I r etoe faces of Um lookers on save tbam aruddv hoe. end toe iron eaaldroc of mokea lead over the coal Sre did cot heighten the beauty though tt added to tbe wlldneea of the picture. And all tots tank ptece iaealya edISesB bnHt ta toe hollow, and wbich nOP, 12, tsT » , 72, 74, 5«. «, to, 7*. VtP U , 51. L Druvas-Ct*as Set Pea 7. ism«6, 48,54,34,Tl^M,43,14,», 4,fl, 8,20. ' a,Wll ,VgRkobT NBOKOS "llm^ls|b|L.--The State of* WOOD_Bp_§T_»_CO.! WBssteotoa Delaware.:•factoLBawaArbaaBThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tomcr woaid »rrivt »o aa to have a laugh at them in re- than five tteaasaud collars. Ii there is aay doubt of this,www.fultonhistory.commamgrmterpra hereamed aythe' eu'iedthe marchv natureofalloa aitum, end the tree aot Iinijhp by^the sssssasm aleea. a'ha&)ver 'hot itttJ* doubt that aa exteeaifo leakage has bamli» aftet their level, hat when aa additional aftoea leak were added I berate the wetekt wasand a fracture eaeoed. Tb* earth tehee from toe axmvTO TBB EDITOR OP TBI BBBAU.SIB—I bare this cay riaited toe location sad asm tbe broken part of the mam pipes of our Cretan, and do posi-BLSOAJI'T irT^an*,PLTnto^iB>A swrs Stat nwses. 11aivimaj traa^stomj. tassto gift forThe night was pticby dark, exceot from toe reliaction cf the saowaadtbe lights r.f Ibe stores, and tbe wool lire threw toe oat line of tbe arseasJ tn beM relief to toe rtew of anyTM I• - II-. , .m lS.s 'asssn fSasetd ->«  