 NEW YORK HERAIJ). JAMBS OORDOH BKSI.fKTT,BDITOS AMD PBOPKtBrOR.orrici ». w. comma or wASSIC axe FCITOK ST*.owever, apprehrded. A lively itwggle wasl«wa going on at Aurora, * tween the eWnenaand thieves after two or three years of angling, who bought up the certificate*, and declariag only within the last few months that „ , J"Pawnr Mitae Box.-IMN MWM f*P»n u r u rajjrcAjafsm~aT«a«ww.-ia Dm MQ*D*bills noticed was one for the preservation of wild deer, birds and fish. Several bills were passed; among them the One Cent Ferriage WD, between New York and Brooklyn. The Railroad Toll hill was taken up. Mr. Hammond moved to strike out the Rome and Watertown Railroad, and advo- cated the motion at length. The debate was con- tinued by Messrs. Splnola, Goss, Ferry, Sessions, 0 lviD, Fiero, Bell, Blood, Mannierre, Truman andthe republican caucus. But Weed, who b wide awake and as shrewd a politician as him- self, thoroughly understands his game, and will endeavor to checkmate him. Already he has upset the arrangement to give the spoils to Mitchell, and has managed to get the caucus nomination transferred by a majority of one to Defr ftp, of Indiana, who to the representative of Wendell. We need scarcely inform oir-Tasaa fast MaaBut little of importance was transacted in the for the nomination at Chicago will be mate- Legislature yesterday. In the Senate the Canal rially promoted. He was successful In pro-bill was ordeied to a third reading. Among the curing the nomination of Mitchell as Printer inWe publish full particulars of the wreck of the •AMMPMII »*SUUOAJI mnKUH. « « « • » / • - * ' » ' steamship Northerner near Cape Mendocino on theHue* were quiet s a l shghtly lower in price. The Liverpool cotton market was active, at an improve-ment of one-sixteenth to one-eighth of a penny Breadstuff* and provisions were quietThe Kteamhhip Atlantic, »rom Aantawall 3d ln*t, arrived attbJ* port yesterday, with news from CalL forola, arid later intelligence from New Granadabe fonnd fully reported in another part of ourOur reports from Washington are interesting.The Senate was not to session. In the House thePost Office Appropriation bill was received from1theSenate andreferred. Itwfflbetakesupto-day,when the Senate's amendment abolishing themalls; and It to said thst the cost of tnasptn Ing tho franked matter of the delegate 'fro* Utah coat, one or two y e a n ago, between sto and seven thousand dollar*.and the Sooth Pacific republics.in*- compilation of the news Is given in to day's HrjuiJx,lhe Atlantic bring* $1,480,620 In treasure.dates from San F>anci«co are to the 20th ult, four daya later than the advices received by the over land mail. The money market was quiet and easier, while mux activity was observable In the merchandise maikets, though the prevalence of uufavoiable weather bad restricted operations. Ihe politicians were ve?y active. The democratic«nj.—Xurst WASCB Mate Convention to select delegates to the Charleston Convention is to meet on the 29th last.n o t R f t r aoODOim, *M1MB SB* a*4nk«-4M«4W4W«. 6th ult, together with I ste of the names of tho losts a l a * T » aUASTaitlA. l e t j i i w Hai.. *l« Biwadwe» - and saved. «8eve te n passengers and twenty-one ^MmioiiiN, DAJICU, »*-»o»ii«<iui li*iis Oram of the crew wete drowned.i i i i w l B m i n r - « 1 W OaaaWa *&•• Our corrt*pon lence from Ne» Granada U Q4*CSS, H 9 I U H C 0 . 4 * -StdCMtKBOKH S iljiiil,.' Panani.i a d Aspinwall on the 2d instant. The mailsfromBogota had failed, but private re-MKTH S1RZET, ace deer n*t of B: ad»r»y -Soum »*'s mits Maied that a rev > ution had brok:a out iu p nbser. An amendment to include the Rensse-If perse good and propei, it can»be carried out just as well in this way a* by a special act; aad the fact to, that if It were not embodM to a*T u r nTRIPLE SHEET. New Yetn, »»toidoy, Febrnsw* 11. I860.TbePo»iOfficeAdvertUlnar.the capital. A lot of Bibles sent out from London laer, Saratoga and Washington Railroad was re-! Mfl he*n bnrni tl by order of the Cat'iolic clergy- jected, also the amendment to exclude the Rome readers that Weed to the manager-in-chief forNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.and hat no will of Ids own. Tho who. tractors themselvet, excluding the Harry to frank documents forThe steams ip CJP da<armetl at Halifax jester who Infest the pho- and a number at the latterhim up from the depths of his obscurity and re- that it shall be in full for all claims for tion was made at the General Poet Office tirement, to Old Blair, of Silver Springs, one of damages. If the Senate persist In this plan of the right of member* to haved«y, with news iom Purope to the 38th nit, threerl•>y* later t an trr* a Jv.Crs rece ved by the City ofWashing o-, Own* to 'he breaking of the talegraph wires oar -yaopsis of the news i* verjbrief. Tb« intelligence, however, is aet oian important cu.recter. Lerd Brougham hadpromised to briog the whole subject of slaver\beforeth*BritishParliamentatanearlyday.It was Hated in the House ©J Common*that a convention between the United States andGreat Britain w*s being drawn eo w.th a viewof i revesting atroctles on ah pboard. Oon*ob> in was blown down, and created almost a panic amongLondon on the 2«th were quoted at 944 a 94J f»r the children. A school in Brooklyn was also burn- money,sndWfa94Jtor•tenant Americanseen ed,andseveralotheraccidentsoccurred,whichwillA very iaterest-franking privilege will betee on Commerce were directed to Inquire into the expediency of prohibiting American vessels from engaging to the Coolie trade.Mr. Edmundson, of Virginia, and Hickman, of Pennsylvania, came very near having a fight to the Capitol grounds at Washington yesterday. They were separated by the bystanders just in time to prevent hostilities.Theyear Is it not full time, wftojo^tne revenues ofiadbeennotifiedtoIs ve thetown "^jf**"'f betog lynched. Th- express front nans wan rtcheckmating the plunder schemes of the House, we may survive the evil of a black republicanThe New* by the raaada-tartmsl the Abolitionist* tax the Br•Ilabbrought 13,000 in gold.The terrific gate of Thursday night which con,he age, a political lieved to havefranked by proxy: and then a great ou^wa! made against the Postm**ter Q e w ^ f(>r STT torferonoo. Ivory Senator tad meat* J * make* a speech in Washitgtaa a.m *L send copies of it to each of hb coniutaetT and he b expected to tend them aamtaePateattoned aB day yesterday, resulted toJfcJ»,»* *•*Htructton of property in this city. BroeUyn, Wfl-iianwiwrg. BobokenandJerseyCity,andaeveralao-..dentstoshipstothebay,aswellastothaneanchoreditoroftheoldGlebe.Hewasnotverypoliteorr«i at the piers. The bark Holland was wrecked on Bernegat, and abandoned by her captain and crew. A portion of the roof of the Catholic Orphan Asylumobliging to Polk, who, after hb election to the Presidency, in 1844, compelled him to retire from the Globe and ito spoils. He ostensibly sold oat to Rives, who had been his printer, bat secretly retained aa interest, which, wo be- lieve, h- holds to this day. Ho went into a rural retreat, at a place called Silver Springs, tome twelve or fifteen miles from Washington, in the State of Maryland. Though ho has never since been able to gain public promi- nenceJae has continued to poll tho politicalwires in secret, and is famous at intrigue. always goes to work when Congress meets, and has a sharp lookout for the printing spoils Hb candidate for the printing of the House b Mitchell, of the St Louta News, who, under his inspiration, hoisted the flag of Bates for the Presidency. If Mitchell gets the contract Rives will get the work, and Blair will share m the job, while the chances of hb candidateBy the Canada, at Halifax, we have thr^e days Office reports, and every other doeasMat thi later news from Europe, the chief point of j b printed by order of Congress. S * . e a^ which b thawttovomeat oa the part of the \ tors keep one or two clerks constantly •t*u9d British abolitionists to get up aaother anti- in franking document* and blocking «. ^ slavery excitement, with a particular view tothe United States.n < n in the city, and nine • blane was attaciod t >and Watertown road. A joint resolution was of-the United States Minister, Mr. Jones, for not only fer td for a recess from the 17th to the 27th, andnot protesting against the act, but for witnessing aaopted. In the Assembly the joint resolutions Inihe ceremoi.y it-elf. n-eat xcitemeat prevail, d reference to amending the constitution so as to al- <he federal spoils of tbe Presidency are : Bates, on the Isihmu-t nhot t sotue new gold i g ,'ing-t tti«t low colored persons to vote were debated, and pass- Blair, Rives and Mitchell, on the one side; and are-aidtohavebeendiscoverednearCuces,and edbyyeas70,nays56.Abillwasintroducedpro- Seward,Weed,WendellandDefreesontheThis union movement between the Britieh lic concern have to give way for buncombeand American abolitionists to abolish slavery speeches and President making. Let the Se- in this country to a very suggestive one. It nate adhere to its action, and let <he black re-remindsusofthemission,overtwenty-fiveyeare publicanHouse,Ifitdare,defeatthePostOf- ng'o,oftheex-memberofParliamentaboli- ficeDeficiencybillbyitsoppositiontosopopu-tionist Thompson, who came here to teach the lar a measure as the abolition of the frankingAmerican people their duty, and went back privilege.with a flea in his ear. because of his abuse and Tbe Herald and tbe AbotittoiAfteragreatdealofcanvassingandopposi- •MvvraiLuuditdpersons'adrushedtomesp*.vidinglortheinspectionofsteamboilers.Item- other.MitchellandDefreesareonlymenof tion on the part of our contemporaries, the Post- The general ci urt martial on board the United powers the Comptrollers of the cities of New York straw, and Rives and Wendell are only men8 a'ea ship Cyane, at Panama, was progressing. and Brook'-yn to appoint experienced practicalmaster of this city recently decided in oar Si veial Uoiteil States seamen had did at Aspin- engineers as Inspectors of those cities, who shall of bmtonss. The political champions arefavor the right to the Post Office advertising. asfl. General Herran, Thomas F. M ;agher and II. inspect and certify to all boilers hereafter built for Bates t n 1 Blair, against Seward and Weed. The matter was; then referred to the Depart- 8. Sandford had arrived «t Pinama. The 8t%te of use in said cities, and all boilers or steam ma- Bates to like a child in tho hands of Blair, butvituperation of this country, its institutions and the character of its public men and privateround with the same malicious industry with per cent on bills of sixty days. There was no local were Una, wtth BOM doteg, especially tor English porti, become fearfully corrupt and demoralized It to a good thing. Let Exeter Hall resoundwhich all the other lying assertions in regard new a of interest. st fun rates. under the administration of Pierce. There again with the old vituperations of the rascallytotheHKRAU>aregivencurrencytobyitsop- FromthewestcoastofMexicoouradvicesare Ttoe Irrepressible Conflict Between the was then no national, no vital question Yankeeslaveowners,and ofWashington,Jef-the governments, so called, of the slave States are only 'organized bands of thieves;" that the representatives of the nonslaveboidiag StatesinCongressshouldatoncereturntotheir constituencies and set up a Northern republic; that the churches which permit their members to held slaves are the "synagogues of SaUa;"ponents.It to scarcely necessary to add, that never atdatedatAcapulcoonthe27thult Greatcrowds Republican Candidates fas* tho Presi- Involved,astherebnow,anditwasgenerally ferson,andallthefathersoftherepublic,inthe of worshippers were rushing off to a new shrine dent1 jr. believed that a change would bo beneficial to most approved Wendell Phillips style. Sendof the Virgin Mary. General Alvarez had entered The battle of the factions in the republican the country at large. And very nearly was the us George Thompson again to denounce thorejected.T i e Commit-navilsm on tbe Napuiruaic Prlocinle. We present in aootoer part of to-day's iav pression a series of resolutions which formed the basis of tbe speeches at the recent conten- tions of the Garrtoonian abolitionists in West- ern New York, it will be seen that the agite- establish legally the fact, acknowledged by all The intended abandonment of the Mosquito protec- residence to Hudson street, at eleven o'clock yes- diale between him and Greeley. He does not tables are brought together and compared, tion throughout the country has had its naturalbat oax rivals, of our havicg the largest circu- torate by England was denied in official circles. Ex- terday. An interesting sketch of his career is given believe in Greeley's discretion or political sa- John Bull will have an opportunity I eflifCt upon the radical abolitionists, and to- Presideut Mora had again failed to land in Costa in another column. gacity, and Greeley considers himself under- to weigh the relative value to his own fused a little more vinegar into their deauacu- lation of any dafly newspaper in this city or Kica, and had been joined by his family. A despatch from Providence states that St was rated, and resents it now and then by a sly, pocket of niggers and cotton. On one side he tions of tbe slaveholders, whom they hare be**country. Our advices from the South Pacific are dated at announced in that city yesterday that the Rhode sinister stroke at Seward's ribs. Bates, on the will find the slave statistics of the United persistently sending to perdition any timeMagdaleoa was still trouble 1 with civil convulsion. chinery now in use, and after three months from not so Seward with regard to Weed. Seward doesment in Washington, and the PostmasterGeneral confirmed the decision. We accord- Bealejo on the 25th nit Hon. Mr. Dlmitry, United is to t e used unless on a permit from the InspectorF»om Central America we have adv.oes dat*d at the passage no engine, boiler or steam machineryhis own thinking, and Weed, who to a smart politician, merely carries oat Seward's ideas. Seward to not to be managed by the news-citizens.coupling together two of the greatest material elements of the times—slavery and cotton— there to a curious relevancy. When the twortiatts Minister, was not, as said, very s ic^essful in his nf(i(ttialions with the Nicaraguau governmentingly publish the list of letters to-day, not forany profit that ia to be made ont of it, bat to Mr. Wyke, British Minister, was in Managua. who has been sick for some weeks part, died at bis paper editors, and hence there b no entente cor-Island Exchange Bank, of East Greenwich, had About a year since we gave up the Post Valparaiso the 1st, Cabao the 12th, an 1 Paita the failed, and that the cashier was a defaulter to theOffice advertising as an unprofitable affair, it 16th of January. No direct news from GaayaquP. amount of $72,000.contrary, b the kind of man that suits Gree- States, and on the other all the cotton which,ley, for he b approachable and manageable— through the nigger, we have sent him. He can indeed, the right sort of man for the politicians then weigh the fact that to abolish the niggerthese thirty years.As usual, these amiable persons, the Garri-sonians, premise their platform wit* the dogne of John Wesley, that human slavery to "the sua of all vilianies;" that the slaveholder to mate, by the act and fact of holding slaves a robber, an adulterer, a pirate and a murderer, and, comprehensively, "whatever else to unholy,Mr. William K. Burton, the popular comedian,Chile is quiet and making good progress with her The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,500not pa; tog even for the paper on which it was railroads. The Imports o refined sn^ar from the bales, including 1,200 in transit. The market for lots sold generally. Greeley entered into the plans of will be to abolish cotton in the United States,printed. The circumstance was taken advan- United States to 1859, were doable in amount "of In store closed tamely on the basis of 11.^c. lor middling Blair to bring out Fremoat in 1866 in opposi-thosefromEngland and France. A new system of uplands. Flour continued arm, with a fair amount of just as the same policy has abolished sugar intage of by several mean and lying party jour- weights and measures had gone Into operation in sales, chiefly to the Eastern and local trade, the market, tion to Seward, and he now enters into hb St Domingo. Then will come the hefting— nals throughout the country, either to gratify Chile. A revolutionary movement ajainst Presi- in a general way, was about 6 cents per barrel higher. plans to bring out Bates In 1860 In opposition cotton, nigger—nigger, cotton—and we shalla spite against as, or to help them to counter- act an influence Which has always been exer- cised to defeat the corrupt arrangements bydent Linares had broken oat to Bolivia, but it was Southernflourwas in good demand, with sales at nil1any time in its career have the business, pa- his seventy-first year, and the occasion was made party for the nomination for the Presidency is desired change accomplished. Chiefly through constitution. Lotus have more British goldone of general compliment to him. He wanted fairly begun. Seward has boon long in the the Intrigues of Weed in Pennsylvania, who did for another John Brown raid, and more British that the State of Now'T?!* *hooi4 adopt t Ut tronage and circulation of our journal Increased thirty thousand dollars to enable him to move in fanatical emissaries like Forbes for Kansas, to nullify within its territory the effect of (asmore steadily than at the period referred to. the war. The American schooner Falmouth, from field, and yesterday the New York Tribune not want to see a moderate and conservativeSan Francisco, had to runfrom port In Mansanilio, trotted out Edward Bates, of Missouri, and man like Fremont elected, the explorer of the Realf tor Secretary to another John BrownFugitive Slave act; that, upon tbe queetio* ofWe declined the Pott Office advertisements from dread of a seizure, and reached Acapulco. showed off his paces by publishing his bio- South Pass was defeated. Weed could not scheme of government, and Redpath to write the irrepressible conflict, the doctrines of Jef-simply because they did not pay, and because Our accountsfromthe Sandwich Islands are dated graphy in large and leaded type, indicating trust Fremont respecting the spoils. Blair for abolition newspapers such abuse of Ameri- ferson, tbe Richmond Enquirer and Seward we could find more profitable employment for on the Slat of December, but the news to unim- the importance it attaches to the subject of the could not trust Seward in the same regard. It can thiDgs as Yankee abolitionists feel a little are Identical, so far as tho fact in con-our space, and we again accept them merely to put an extinguisher upon the absurd reports invented by the jealousy of our rivals.In regard to the attempt made by one of ourtween slaveholders and non-slaveholders " there months than they can gather in years here— shall be no concord, but an everlasting sepa-progreea, the Haaa-a height of piw ff* * % * • ?<*» w * *has never 9the lot of any journal to attain.cheap postage system was inauguratedeperixy and b l a n c e which it ^efore, and wHi probably never beother as did the woman who, when the tawher husband and a boar engaged la deadly In Great Britain, a score of years ago, the frank- the future, at well as at tho present day. caa conflict, said "she did not care which licked." ing privilege was wholly and completely abo- tee, at in a mirror, the events passing«'e have been thua explicit la our explana-tions of our motives for again Inserting thePoet Oafatlnttar lteta, lent our acceptance ofthem should be construed into an admission ofthe adequatene* of the price paid for them. S3£&£~"lightdWe feel that a great wrong to being done to the Pteiaant.DAM A OES TO MAIL CoxrrucroRS.—In the PostOffice Deficiency bin, passed by the House lastlished. Tho Queen pays her own pottage, and to does every officer of her government In the public office* postage accounts are kept just as for any other regular or incidental ex- penses.around as, and in Europe as well, and from them draw a logical deduction a* to the nature of the effects to which such cant— mutt naturally lead. And it to a remarkable fact, thai tbe orators aad the writers of all fac- tions and cliques, political, social and reagtoes,j(mrnali that are coantralned to take them atthe present tutremuaeTative rates, in order thatthe extent of their circulation may not be im-peached. BeforeCongressseparates itshouldprovida a remedy fer this injnatioe. by givingholders of certificates. A proposition has beenmade to insert in that section a proviso thatito acceptance- would be deemed to be ai used or abused it just as much as they liked systems tan be telly ' and fairly statedgovernment the price* thai are paid by tho public geaefltUj,even necessary that the signature shou<d be anportant. Trade with the new guano islands was memoir. This article we have transferred to was then diamond cut diamond between Weed compunction at writing. These fanatics findcerned—namely, that God has declared be-carried on briskly. our columns to-day, that the reader may com- The body of a man named William S. Ture3, a prehend the merits of our cotemporary's nag,and Blair, and so it to now again.The first trial of skill between the two Presi-better tools and more money in England In vide Dr. Cheever's church.ration, wide as the difference between bears* and hell;" that the democratic party is •• tho- roughly athetotic" and' "daringly depraved.''caulker by trade and a Custom House watchman,which to entered for the race to come off atwho resided at 225 Monroe street, was found by a Chicago in the middle of June. The winner of dent makers was in the contest for the Speak-policeman last night, about eleven o'clock, lyingaati-alavery contemporaries to compare its re- dead upon the sidewalk in front of No. 14 State that" event" is to be run for the great Presi- ership. In that Weed came out "second best"THE ABOLITION OF THE FRANKING PRIVI-turns with ours we have a word to say. The street, caused by afractureof the skull, produced, dential stakes of $80,000,000 per annum for Sherman, the extreme man, the endorser of Hel- LEGE.- The Senate did a good thing last Thurs- that the republicans are " utterly unworthy *fas is supposed, by a slung shot Deceased was four years—$320,000,000 in all—which is to per's book, was Seward's and Weed's candidate. day in engrafting on the Post Office Deficiency journal in question is a weekly rather than a seen by a friend in Broadway about half-past ten take place on the Tuesday after tho flat Mon- Pennington, the more moderate republican, was bill a provision abolishing the grossly abusedits business receipts at a period of the year suspicion, and detained for further examination. bably electioneering for him, in which he paves Press, sold himself and his two members, Hick- other portable matter, carried through thex~hen trade to most] active and when money A meeting was held at Clinton Hall last evening, the way for his nomination by urging the ne- man and Schwartz, to the black republican mail* free of postage. In that respect we are pursuant to the call of an Executive Committeeg0WK in most abundantly. When the HERALD headed by Chauncey W. Moore, to take the Initia- cessity of taking up an available man party generally, in the battle for the Speaker- just twenty years behind Great Britain. There, makes a c a I c u l a t i o n «>f its receipts it should he tive in forming a "Young Men's National Union rather than a brilliant man, which to ship, and hb reward was the Clerkship. The as here, the privilege had been grossly abused. recollected ***** ***• m o n U l s i l publishes are Club of New York,'' whose motto is to be, "The a sly. covert argument for Bates, and election of Printer b a different affair. That Instances have been related of Western mem-e n i e ! o f w a l e Union, the Constitution, and the Enforcement of against the apostle of the higher law. Yes- involves spoils for the corruption of the party bers of Congress who, for the sake of economy,the Executive Committee were reiterated, a com. ago, by showing that he was a republican of way of winning the nomination at Chicago. mails, and covered by their own franks. In curacy. mittee of five was appointed to draw np a code ofThem si no occasion on on." *•*' f o f Stort- regulations and by-laws, and also to present suit moderate and conservative views, who ought to The contest, therefore, which will eome off on the same way English members of Parliament-, be acceptable to many democrats and to Union Monday next in the House b full of interest used to frank haunches of venison to theiring to partial or fabricated returu » M » button I »bW oamea to fill the various offices of President, men generally. And this Mr. Mitchell to not It is evident, from the voting In caucus, that constituent*, and one was even known to tend UM—MI VicePresent,*c,oftheclub,support,'' and that before long slavery is to be hurled to destruction, no matter if the Union and constitution go with itThb to what might bo called a delectable piatform— a sort of literary curiosity—a vivii exposition on paper of the doctrines wbieh John Brown attempted to enfore with the rifle. Sin- gularly enough, however, solidified in tab string of resolutions we find a warm encomiast for the NEW YORK HERALD, a journal which hath not heretofore met the approbation of the abolitionist faction. It to a recognition of the HERALD at the only newspaper in the world which to perfectly free and independent, and sufficiently comprehensive to present every important question ia tho fullest and fairest manner, giving all th* parties who discuss it, from every point of view, a free and impartial hearing. Ia\ ao doing the abolitionists have only followedthe example of Southern conventions, which, within the last two years, have repeatedly given us votes of thanks for simply doing oar dutydaily, and owes any consideration it may pos-o'clock, and when discovered the body was still day in November. The Tribune has boon for a the "available" candidate of Blair and Gree- privilege which members of Congress and sess to its hebdomadal issues. In order to make warm. Thomas Downing, a young man who was long time throwing out its feelers for Bates in ley. The contest for the Clerkship is not of other federal officers have enjoyed for many a show it selected for its purpose tiro months of fonnd in the vicinity, and John Grady, keeper of a its editorial columns, and Greeley has been any siguificanoa, unless to show that Forney, years back, of having their correspondence,saloon at No. 10 State street, were arrested on writing letters from the West, where he to pro who is overwhelmed with debt by his sinking documents, speeches, books, boots, and allgiven as an a. ' 8 &* ° jear, and asthe Law*."' Mr. A. P. HaUey had the chair. After terday morning the Tribune, by its memoir, press and the establishment of a newspaper made it a practice while in Washington to said this is done at pe> i o 4 i c m l « l e TM » **» P»*>lie short speeches by Mr. Moore and others, in which brought Bates fairly and boldly out, at Mitch- at Washington. Whichever of the two fac- home tiieir soiled linen to be washed, and to have an opportunity " o f TM*lfylng their ae- the sentimenta of the address already put forth by ell, pf the St. Louis A"e«w, did some two months tions wins this prize will be placed in a fair receive cleaa clothes in return, all through thecommonly the practice, to impress v > public T b e p o l J c e c o , ^ ^ ^ , ^ ^ weuktg ^ Bates' candidate for the printing in Congre<», they are closely balanced, and it b very hard a pack of hounds from one part of the country with a conviction of the fact of our superior transacted ao business of general interest The and thereby hangs a tale. As for Greeley, if to say which will come off victorious. to another, free of expense, under the privilege(circulation. The amonnt of our advertising consideration of the question of the transferring of Bates should be successful, ho is to have theshe force was postponed till next meeting. /• Postmaster Generalship, the office promisedThe annexed table shows the temperature of the him by Fremont Raymond, who has been for belief in it. With groan receipts amounting t o atmosphere to this city during the week ending some time on the fence, to also in the market,$800,000annually, and increasing withe* ra- February 4, the range of the barometer and ther- and is suspiciously delivering lecturesjust nowFrom the report of tho proceedings of tho ho enjoyed at a member of Parliament But House, published in yesterday's HEIULD, our before its entire abolition in England therepatronage to in Itself sufficient to establish theirreaders may have perceived that Mr. Stanton were guards and limitations placed upon tho at journalists, and printing their resolutions, denounced the conduct of Weed's candidate exercise of thb privilege, such as that the quite a* rabid, quite a* treasonable, quite at for Printer in offering one-half hb profits to whole address of the franked letter or docu- lavage and quite at harmless as those which the Republican Committee for eleotsoaeetjftg ment should be in the handwriting of tbe peer we publish to-day.purposes in case he should bo elected by the or member, and that the whole number of let- It b, then, quite a wen settled fact that thepidity unexampled in newspaper grr*-*th. womometer, the variation of wind currents and the in St Louis. We should not be eurprited if itto ito60i <*** ' F " *either for a fat slice of Congressional printing, or a chargeahip, or consulship, or anything he can getIt will be seen, from the TrilmM's "Life of Bates,' that it to twenty- six years since he was in CoDgrees, and from that time till the present he has held no political office and sought none, and has taken little or no part in local politic.}.It further appears that he was horn in Virginia in 179:]. H e to consequentlyother side, for on the score of bribery and cor- not exceed ton per day. In thb way the to print everything that bear* upon any impor- ruption both factions are admirably natohed. evil had been made pretty tolerable there; tant public toeae, no matter from whatsoever It is a pretty quarrel as it stands, and for our bat still, at a matter of principle, tho quarter it may emanate. We place all the fact* part we care as little which faction boat* the thing was unpopular, and when the and documents upon aa imperishable record,state of the weather, at three period* during each day, VB: at 9 A H, and 3 and 9 o'clock P. M.:-turned out that his real miasion in that quarterto to make the best terms he can with Bates, House. We presume Mr. Stanton b on the ters or documents mailed with his frank should HERALD b the only journal which ha* the pluck* ***; * P. M. blowing hard and 2 ^ ! • P M . very cold.•'"'•wst and Tery light snow; *"•m.cloud*a»"'*»century bo hat been oat of tho political world, a nd knows nothing of tho active, living politics of the day. He hat never displayed any abili tyormadeanymarkoahbownage. Hetofranking privilege. Senators, members of Con-obliged to appeal to aa a* the only medium... »_ . — ••ueuverDit»to the newspapers which do the business of the amorg the miner*, owing to the hs»MahiZ^r^: United States, especially in this critical june- up that splendid opening for future spoils, de-clain^ within tae city limits. SevaraltaaaaSbS occurred between th* jumpers *—»*»— -*-as Llwwi l&i Uca, -icl Sclcas rcsdu wereture of the nation a history. B ut he to eminent- ly uuaiintd for the purpose of those who havesixty-seven years of age. But h|p poll Monday, provision b made for paying iateresttics are older than hit years. He to aato the mail contractors oa the turns found dueold fegy of the whig school, one $L the fossil to them by tho government; but the section wasremains of another age. For a quarter of a so ingeniously worded at to apply also to thoBat in thb country no sort of limit or re-striction was thrown around the exercise of the at home, and to a great extent abroad, areabandonment of any claim for damage* which -*w^g*9p. if. clear, nowfaxbehindthotimes,andlaeveryway he thocontractorsmightsupposetheyhad. TheJtaad all their friend* and acquaintances dkl the to the public. And, without egotism. same. Itwasnotnecessaryhere,asInEngland, because we state an admitted fa*t that the entire superscription of ihe letter or we may safely say that we have carried document should be In the handwriting of the out our original idea, adopted a quarter of a person entitled to the privilege. It was not century ago, and that we priul a newspaper i*the active tense of the word, giving full seep* if d'swsiQa 9? public uffairs, oo maucr ao*Accounts f*>m «ae May, T w ^ . ^ . - . U to disqualified for the office of President of the that great excitement prevnited at £0?* « *black republican House, not desiring to close'ketocttdLia. EcisunsophisticatedUntitled Documentcluifd to Insert the proviso; but the Senatecame to the rescue, and adopted an amendmentconfirm'ng the payment of interest to the cea* autograph. He might authorize Tom, Dick orthe shiewdeet politicians owriter of some force, who blargely contributed to Helper' "Impending 01 Cristo." Ho was originally a dem rat, from Kentucky, and in tho time of Jackson becameSeward, his man Friday. The parties to the faction fight, therefore, in the republican or- ganization for the House printing spoils andcbance of reaching the evi'. Appropriatioa be forthcoming at an early d*y. bilis must be passed, but other matters of pub-to ihe Senator from New York. For it wassuppressed. Castilla, of Peru, was in reality dicta- prices. Wheat was arm, with moderate sales, chiefly to Blair who drew from his retirement the hero of after duly weighing the value of each, shall impious and accursed;'' that, therefore, theyt >r of Kcuador. millers. Corn was in good supply and heavy. Sales of California. We remember he called several say to my Lord Brougham that the subject ofWe have news from Havana to the 3d inst. The Jersey and Southern were made at 79c. a 80c. Pork con- times on us in 1856, just after we returned from slavery In the United States may do well tinued to rule arm, with a good demand from Store andhave no righto that any are bound to res- pect; that they are to bo counted outside of any protection and privileges presumed to be given to all citizens by the Bill of Bigots sad the Declaration of independence; that sat-which alone these organs are enabled sugar market of the previous day is thus reported:— for future delivery. On the spot new mess sold at S18 Europe, and urged us to sustain Fremont enough for discussion in Exeter Hall or theto drag ont a precarious existence. Our The few trarsictions have been effected at full 12>i a $18 28. and aew prime at f 14 37a a f14 so. Having understood from Mr. Buchanan himself Stafford House, but it to not a fit subject forrates, s»y up. n the basis of 9} rials per arrobe for Sugars were firm, with sates of about 600 fends. Cuba that he was not to be a candidate, and seeing renunciation of the Post Office advertising was D. 8. No. 12, under which rate nothing can be ob- muscovado at full prioes. Coffee was firm. Ihe sales in- no other candidate in the field, we did, by way triumphantly pointed to as evidence of a rail- tained. Molsssea continues aa last a I vised. F nights cluded 2,666 bags (cargo of the Starlight) at p. t», SOO do. of experiment, support Fremont as an opposi-ing off in our circulation, and It was passed were unchanged. Exchange ou New York was at in lots, and 914 do., do.; 800 do., Maracaibj, and 600 do.from three and onefourthto three and three fourths St Domingo, at prices given in another plios. freights tion candidate to the democracy, which hadHeOn the whole, the existence of this abase east, the government, directly to losses to the Post Office Department, and Indirectly to tbe ea- CourageatenttomemberaofCoagreMto ankeWo wore some timecombined effort was to he made by tho Britishand American abolItiontots against the existinginstitution of slavery in our Southern State*.Several of John Brown's principal tool* wereEnglishmen; he b said to have sent agents toEngland, and to have received money from speeches and to vote fur printing j»b«, not toss there; and the fugitive revolutionary aboli- , than between two and three million dollars tiontots from here are now endeavoring to stirup the sympathies and bleed the pockets of the Post Office Department fall eight nulueat a their British cousins. At a recant meeting in year below it* expenditures, to put an end te Wakefield, England, which was addressed by this abuse? The Senate think* so now, salt tho mulatto Fred. Douglass and Miss Remoad, has thought for several year* past, and bw de-he former announced that the British peo- termined to wipe It out forever. The moat fea- ple "were to have a very important sible way of doing so was that which It had re- subject brought before them for conside- course to last Thursday—viz, by an amendment ration, and that was the propriety of form- to the Post Office Deficiency bill abotnblng the ing an anti-slavery society which should franking privilege from and after tbe 10th of assist in the work of the abolition of slavery April. But the House will refuse to concur to in the United States." As a part of thb move- the amendment, on tbe pretence that a de- ment, no doubt Lord Brougham, who to one of ficiency bill to not the proper place for such aa the old original abolition leaders, moved on act of general legislation.tbe 27th, in the British House of Lords, that the That to an empty ptetence. If theieglsUtioasinceinformedthat agovernment should lay before the House infor-mation In regard to slavery, and the amount ofcotton imported from the United States. LordNormanby promised on the part of the govern- appropriation bill there would be very little ment, that what information it possessed shouldBut in the motion of Lord Brougham,not be at all surprised If the old gentleman,the floor of the British ParliamentWe are glad to see the union in thb matter Union of the States is a sin and a crime, aalbetween the British and American abolitionists. ought to have been dissolved long ago; thatgress, heads of departments and postmastersthrough which their. Ideas and theories andfor a guide whereby the American people la Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetd §liable, www.fultonhistory.comFultnaon New 13069York 