 POUTS II TIE CA1PAIGI.tWTHimTtSlLearaing we were tYom the Bsmau, Mr. BeU't firat e ttkert as Lane is in Oregon* Does the asgao|ac; edit; toe IKRAJJS suppsae it even possible taat Mreckinriof! the ball m anuadrtftc, bmjMjrtuer being the m a * tne 1'reaiter or preside., ot UtfCouuciit*s hC5~sa it)M. .At eleveaa'docka* led l*dy Hulgrave to the refresh. t room, and atane to supper* aben the tosats of thew-^je,l'ritceOonsoitaiid PrnceofWales were respec f vely proponed and respond^ to witlf immense cheering from tbe thousand guests present, who, I may remark, Were without exceptioa in strict evening dress, including • while necktie There were twenty dances Included in the programme, and of these the Prince danced eighteen, With as many different ladies, being ail that fere daecedVISIT TO THE HOME OF JOHN BILL (Mr Bell) considarad Mr. BreoaJandgr te fee sir. Bell expressed himself with great earnestness oa this point,LETTER FROM GOVERNOR FOOTS, 4Yc., &c.. &cNIKHtal ( orrtip««<l«w« of the Herald, Na.">HVItXS, AugUSl 1, 1100.an! dwelt at some length upon the influence the presentooaxke of the Butane- wouid have upon the country atlarge. " For good or 111," said Mr. Bell, " the taflu-euce of the IDmaxc, with its vast circulation, iu enterprtoimrmanagers,iuablestaffofeditors,anditsarmyof tbatitneveroughttoharebeennominatedr—thatIt dptotbetimeofhisleadingLadyMugravetohercar talented reporters and correspondents, is prodigious I should now be withdrawn •—that, if not withdrawn, ti.e rage at a quarter to four.Court House, the reply to whlck I have telegraph•nfWdiswfbllowsi—TobisBoyalHlthneas Albert Edward, Prince oT Waled, D A. X-TOTJB8 RKCTIVEr LAST KATCRDAf&-a at Home—Ilu Demotic Virtue* and Pecmixirtnri -Ham Ut U Uk«i and Disliked-1itterstita* ment as if it bad no existence at aa. I wont under aand discreet aad patriotic mode for the defeat of BrecIJcn :gelion fob-lnt4v%em wit* Hm~ WUl Temmv go far Bdlf— the gentleman, but doubtless be can be enlightened. aad Yanceyismf Do not my efforts, humble though tbef 6. PolkaHare act heard frosa yew Utete, Do write.coming to New Brunswick th? heir appareoi to the throne, ^IaM APOPdTA4 Lancer* Hr^xrxndfi Mm &»>leni of TVa Thmutmi Mqori- aa BULL'S MO— t — i sawn ttm riiisawnat, oosmtrr. be, all teed ta the attainment of these ends f Do you not e. Quadrille,.First Set».6reat Eastern and the future Sovereign of that great empire of which itryw|'-miTu« Dntrtution of Cora a-d Tobacco 4k. Mr Belt expressed his views freely about the present political conical. He considered ike principles of the l-ea^iag I-rxtngton at J i » P. M. on Tnesdsy, we party he represented Ike beat tor the Interests of theperceive that theae efforts are " well dtrectcl V If thsysucceed, will not the Uaion be rescued from oeril * a*....Kathleen Mavourqeeu. Lotfe Dream. Second; Set. ,...7*tpher. Den PaaqUale. Lupine. ESrer "i Tnee.tBway of our beloved Queen day by dar streagtbans • ties which happily unite us to the mother country.BRoorxTirTjlLOBKNOB-MR. CHAS. EDWARDS THANKS POM JP note, and wfahes to sea b f esntdeatUMry.has. aito toffered and U suiieriug vastly. The plants are ballonethirdtheheight theyshouldbeatthistin.<.and looking at that as if it wouid be a mercy to the struggling11,.•.North and the South are wrangling against each other, manyieaiiypreparedandwiliiogtocottheothers'throats, a bounteous harvest in the Sort a and the Great Wtst will Oil the granaries of the South, and keep the people therefrom the miseries of starvation. The drought, I learn, extents further south than Tennessee, even into Georgia and) Alabama, where the cotton crop is suffering immensely. It seems pretty clear that the South will not be so rich this year as she was the last, rrhlle the contrary will be the case with the West; and then the Maiaa< husetts shoemakers can sell their brogans to their Western brethren without the danger of incurring btd dtbXS, as in former years,tire di mocratic organ isation of the dtate for ntm the Doug-laspartyissmalltoTennessee.TheyheldaStateConrention in this city a few days since, to which but three orsoil, the members of the Legislature and a few others, leftHalitaxb>aspecialtrainforWindsor. As thetrainmoved'away from the station a rural looking couplejumped on to the foot board of one of the cars, and couldnot hi persuaded to jump back again, notwithstanding t$e Prtnce cf Wal?-- — the energetic expostulations of those tn charge Bio theybeta stopped. > \ HAH JOHNbO.N, 17iSereuUi avenue . NawYOBK.Augusta,1860.Canadian Pony, with heavy mace aud lone tail- aged roar years stands ab^ut Hhi bands high, with new auver mo-aatei Haroees and doctor's Bugvy. lXreet in Wnson't livery ttaotea dingh >-r of a wealthy Tt-nuesseeac, named Uickinsun, res|du.k iu RuthernuJ county. By her he bad several cliiJUnu, mo*t of wbon are still living m good circum- bttitt*, ineir grandfather having been bouuntil toward them, diving thwm ea h slO.bOO on his deatn. Oneof decrial and dispraise than, under all existing circumstances, was reasonably to have been expected. I hav- accompanied by Lo-d Kulgrave, In the blue and gold of commonOrng her Majesty's troops in New Brunswick. — tutbe observed every subsequent half hour.uof ha sous, Mr. John Hell, dr., was recently a mu-his official drees, and his suit. Along the line of route of Ou her Maiesty's steamer Styx, with i. s Royalijig'.nesi r the Princ- oi" Wales on board, being sighted from par-getber w.tb other ei-rds «ind mmr vtlnahlr paper* of u«e onlynicipal candidate lor clerk of the county of Rutherford. lli« stcouu wde, who still lives in the enjoyment of ex- retle 1L.alth, wai (urm«rly a widow Lady or wealth- airs Veatuiau—beluupiud to oae of tne best families in Telnet see. Thr»»e dangnters uave blessed mis happy union, two of whom, la tea of extreme heanty and mar- vellous intelligence, nave adorned the fashionable circles of Wschiu^um and otuer taunts of the aristocracy of tbe co|inti y , t«r a few jeans past. Ihey are now in the ripe- liesa ot an early wotnaubood, and the admired among the mi*, admired. The prominent position of their tamer in the ccuut ils of the nation for so many years would natu- rally give to the cDiidren of a parent thus conditionedeighteen inches above the gunwale of the lost|The dress auc! cames of the rowers shal'. also b;- stated atithe same tire \ aud it is expected that the dress will beand mtuy thank- hi leas tug the sune at u. v bouseA. RKNMkDt, 116 West Tweny .ourtk etreetSOKTHUXAMl>IUfTTeAl.TXSa (feeling and air of hauteur and exclusiveness; but such isnot ti.e rase with the Bell daughters—truly belles—whose attabiuty and anita >le characteristics hare wonthe a imitation of an extended sphere of polished ac shield me entirely from tbat acrimonious criticism which, nunuuuu.ee, while the most humble can adore without re-priolMr. Bell's official duties have requirad his presence atthu'sett ef government so much of his time ibal n« has not deemed it neoeswary to erect and have a dxed resi- dence >n the place of bis birth. It is so with Breckin- ridge, to with l>ougias,sv with a great many prominent pelitHiiuis, ail except •" u-4 Abe," who has hardly bad a Utue ot lite at luc capital, and is taus fres from its car- rupt u. rtuences.ts'N JVHX BULL'S «LKi:ot« *.VD Tr.x«RAJici lumrs. MrDeliandhiswifaaiemembersofDr.Sugar'srtw- biterian chmch. Mrs. Boll attends service quits regu-larly, but Mr Bell uiversit.es his religions devotions at tUe frt *t-> tery by occasionally dropping in at the Baptist itturcti, where be hears guod preaching and sees a good nainy of bis initueulial consta ucnts. His habits are those oi teu-j .-rwnce. U~- lives easy aud comfortably-, 10-atgea lqa Im.e wine occasioiiaiiy, but not to any greater exteuf than l'ai.i ! Webster or Berrien or J u ^ e t'ueips, or auy other or Lis tormer Senatorial colleagues. So far as drink- i.u; m c-1 ceiueti, he is therefuie justly esteemed a mar v«i:ou».> proi«r man. Although lor many years ajastient o< wWtr.ugion, he has never been known to "Kick the tiger and fartnermure—altnough be may h A e soen a small ru-pfiaiit in his younger days, be is now tne embodi went of stem and luSexible rioralitj—like xeui Houston, firms««aou. Tbatheisareligious,temperate,moraland bf nevoient man, is conceded ou every siue.Wl.iT K > roUTlCAI. r S . W M A K D VOSW TB1XK Of HIM.It ..- oui> among polit.jal opponents that Mr. (tea 3I aver to you, I had been most confidently anticipating. There Is, however, one portion of your editorial review of my poor speech at Saratoga to which I beg leave to offer a short and courteous reply. You complain tbat Isinered a cold, stlilsh, cunniug man; they say luat his lots and tomenters of local prejudice, and mat it ttiey aremultitude surrounding the reserved space, aud undo* a salute from the Volunteer artillery.UAUK.VX SCHOOL AMTHSM.Iu my last I was uuable 10 include a copy of the anthemfcxc-eiieucy tbe Lieuu-naut (foveruor and suit, the Mayor Recutitr, Common Couuctl, City Cicrk aim Deputy Clerk' Field Officers of the miut;a In utiform, f.e Judges of the Supreme Court, member of the Executive Council the President and members of too Legislative, Council, the Speaker and members of the House of Assembly, •orehrnNerUi r.vei at Se'cock. Par. $1. ae'restuneuia, lines and tnie:h«rni NortLiernar, whose otMii-ous are fraua./ aud fear-wjarWitst triends are auiotig the bitter auli Jackson men offotuier days; that there Is no Young America about hia,n jii.4'1 he literally belongs to tne 'Old geutle- njeuv» party . whether the "Old Harry-» ' or not, our iu furnMut did not say On the ,'iher hand there are his poiiti- cAI wy atpatlnaers, who regard him as aoiong tne mojl ap- peotKi^bie, .nable and tifcaJy men of this uuiili »i age,^hoa* ouly tnougut is for ihe goo-l of his country, aud ^ h o s t - o n i y p r a y e r I n t o r i t s p r o t e c t i o n f r o m l o i e r u a l a r f Weil as external rors They »«j be » remarkably SOJU. ih #*;A cj.tiju. can be appro*, had with ease aud familiar ily.U... there is uoihii g lauguiy about hi a, a«d mat henot uivlotd in their action jurtug tue preseni ciui>-si they will not only save the *uuu.r> trotn itie fate h^ aeprecaies, but will cousigu Northern seolioualisiu aua fanaticism to as: deep a grave as in&t 10 which tie helped to inter Southern folly and disauiouism teu years ago. Yet, with the inevitable' results of division and oicaering among the conservative interests sianu.utf pUiu to hisbslils C-m be prxnred on board.lessj ci'ei.iUK RUNNY tOUTH on rnr "BOl'THERNIlti Al HOME Ibis work has B^t been pcnucri ru-ie!y t/i m.-.^ anyevents iu oLject n tn do luaticc to the tv :ilivii oi .nt«r, ai a. :: - • .:..•• 0... • l. a'Jo.u Uaiormai.^u la au agreeable to tc tit- Nnrtiiei ncrsTHE SUKNT fiOUTH on THR b'tUTHKKNKK Ai nr.WKibjttst 1 ue person any one w.-uM u k e to be a man ol the SU|*pented by the electoral vote of o.ie Slata in tue Union.Cjfle Ha>rrieudkaayhe^iopukrika oivoutotssay * cvt, and taal he cannot be provoked mio a public dunna»».. * wa h any of the democratic Sf>«ake*s. Hns « ofoati.,1, »ay be is so dull a maker that his frseuas dare Sotbr.ug huaouvlox fear of diaixmHaure beflure tne pei^pn , - h u e the other s«i.- deUare him to be one oe tn« *ound«*. luinxers.ctueeet r.atouers, abieat utoalevs now In the rwuks ot votes .uau •talesmenMr Bt . started off in lu*« a thmocn*. la 183* j,e s l ja otl with Uugh L White from the -emomai* JcZLutZi rwstf. bedidnotU..nkJUnu.VauBureu«,.IT,,* a Kus Attn»LawheaduntantAusauu^t,,'-hii.«ravy «ho felt grleve«tabout the eouawy,utl »,JUi. " idtfee»pi«imthepart>.to"Cryupu»i-tears.'fuu H gupfustu to have burn lu« U%th of the faavdar tarji been tuui^ the New Vorg b"b»yet "Ory; no :"MS. SMLL AS a sL»NKH>U>SRMr Bell has a twMJ mwr.st in about mar hundredNo-y. inthet:rat,place Ihaveto say, inrsspocseto these comments, thai if >on will examine ihe s p i n a s published 111 the flwuu', you will fi ;J that it deals with black republicanism wuh a ptamness aad diree-.tue-ss of denunciation not to hs: uiisuuder-ito^ J 1 charge therein ;hat the dutirtnes of me buck republican taction are eminently eangerous and disorgauizit ^. that if they are c*r rietl:t.toefieel,as mecacad,tliede*.-u.t;>uoiItieL'aio-a a inevitable,audthateventheelooitoaofaoiacare pabliiatIresidentInNovemberneMwillpromoiyan1 aimufci unavoidably have that effect How 1omit us.- ia»Kuai<« m ire espltuit, cnmiu*tivo and admonitory, 1 am rtatry at tecs to perceive. But 1 .: ai.ni imp>r«ani pntat stated by you remains yet to be uotioed. Youiheypcrt,.o:, theMAYFLOWER, ontheexcursionon noturea*1,atvifittediii»pwithecer>euireuienoetofaolutatt TH tdday ueit If >oti wont lo enjoy yourself, go Foot of my hn.t.i.s, pafuruhariy teat branch devc4e<i lo eo aUfSlaves, I be balance belonging to his second Wile. Tney ar j.empujriu Mr. Bet.'s lr«» worms ou the C'jiuoer.and. •*•"!• that ltavemade "no well u.iected «jff>rt for ihGfFT BOCJX MSTABLIHHMiNT IN TI*T. WOR -O PcrmanenUy located at i » ebesmut street, rbiladeiptwaTOTICE TO SUBSCRIBRRS —MUSPRATTf PR ACT! ^ I cal Cbewtiatr}, part 48 In 61, ami dtn»i .•. 6 ao • 7 *•• now ready fur delivery. Orders mav be asm e> Bo»l"we Brother*. t40 Broadway, New York, O 8 Rntm-h liraaara U Tremoot ttreet, Hoatoa. Partict rh»ngtr>< thflr address ar*parucularly mq«es*«l Inrwn^wIneir««•.rrtvtr.suitinuscoalbank*inKentucky ft-syaMebywbk-n turn Uu-g- »«dy of mafes t* goterneti is aloi;. attiJSad huinaoe- Thef are alt p vjwrty chiibe 1, le 1, ta ir reltaa>us "jevucti * taut atoml culture ;att^udrd to,-aad|ti...iv an- Mi,i.ireu te wtwx not an hoar pcjoui tne u»uaisvancam waday's Inboe,unlessthey receive uay there-iTor. \ i.ugh bwtlttg tuts property i« slaveJ, sir. tiuU itself most obviously imftmaded? D^s not the ediwr of fc. not.- .-s.-..lereo a rwy wweiihy man,49ms uufortimatoi tbe llmuu- himself oDnle» U « tb-.v e great danger of lpacu!»i'v*s i;/K.«a*MCXy ooa'. monst hBft=Hi4en.h*-J-»i.-l ait " Tour correspondent did not pretend to enlightenwfliiStuoella is eur pride to form a porthn, and over which tbe oenefi- JXRAITC, c W n TKORftDAf, B O-CtVOOsT-arriveja l/»uwviale, after a travel of ninety four miles country at large. Ail the otner candidates, he said, repre- they succeed, will not either Dougla? or Bell be Preikt1.- jajh a luxuriant country u d by * weB conducted sentee sectional interests, with Ike exception of Douglas, dent—Johrmon or Everett be Vice President—with the who be considered an infinitely more nat.onal man thanbag us is still to be found a remnant of th we who,is the tast century, witneased and partook of the Joy andenttTuBiasm with which your Royal Highness' grandfather, •L1RAMK ARM AND—THEREA LKTTRR IVTHH ADOPTIONar.d wi ' oflleered ret! way, at about seven P. M., making Btecktoridgf He preferred Douglas* non-intervention iu all about two hundred mil**: from Cincinnati At doctru.es te the dawuUon doctrines Mr. BreckinridgeLouiStlUewefindtheDouglasspiritrampant,theBull represented H^hadbeenwrittentoonthesubjectofa fusion a f i m s t Lurcoln, but be bad declined to Interfere on« Waltz Galopth'Tboke of Kent, wad received oa btt Ttstt to this thenBroadway Post cftace.movifi>*n progressing, and the Breckinridge men conn Omsubject, advising bisfrienas In the different portiuns. i u T f Bell men have tntrodticed • n*f element io of the country to act as they thought best ia their several ihe performance of Presidential duty' Are the,-not allPolka J8 Quadrille T'Waftz..Bertha. Off to Charlestown.Reigning Beauty Nepfune. Zurich. .....Martha.conferredb>therojal charter cf his Majesty Geqrge t r e Tnird, and w th just pride w e declare to year Rotsl Highness tbat the feelings of loyalty and attach n-.ei.t to tbe crown which led te these shores those founders of this city still eminently characterise the entire population o: this colony. It t« our prayer that vnqrRoya!Highnesswill,afteraprosperoustermination " h e extended progress through Her Majesty's Northerioan dominions, in which you are tow engaged chsafe to assure our most gracious Queen that i eace contentment are fcund amoug us unde<- her rule, and loveandattachmenttoherpersonandcrowoarethe moiru fcentlment of her devoted sub ects in this themercial capital of herprovince of New Bruuswick. lOOtht'add'U'JS presented was of less interest, bat I• itirte^ertheless:—..» feoval Highness Albert Edward, Pnnceol Wales and ml bf Chester. Prince of the United Kingdom of Great ritatu 0"(i Ireland, fcc , fcc.ay it please your Royal !-.:ghnea=;—Wf, tlie Justicesof ({he Peace or the City and County cf St. John, approach yo-dr Rloyai Highnesr ou your Brst landing in the Province of Kew Brunswick, with the deepest feeling of attachment toOurtaiost gracious sovereign theQueen, and to your Royal Highness as betr apparent to the throneliustrious statesmen possessed of ample qualifications forei*4 t.toerr-tg. and it has been used at several gathering*: section-?. So far as they adhered to principle in any ar sincere lovers of the Union, opposed to the further agitp Quadrilleraxge-ment they might make to defeat Lincoln, he woull»infr•;1c<.T<aet. itintosupplyalltheloafers, boysadheretothem,**'butwhentheydepartelfromprinei tionoftheslaveryquestion—alikeopposedtoblackif M»d Up, • - the? ran find with cowbells, dinner bells, ciplo," he said with emphasis, "I am no longer with ptt'olicon ism and secessi un—friends and supporter s of th?'if) Walte •••• TUBta.KJJ—TfUlMAVOKOifBOr«0!l.! vtu1mtive be!to, and, it wo id teem, with alt t.-a L<|.«. -*-*ot !..•- !>> •'.! : of bells, and, aii being rung together, the In-maybeimagined,ifnotdescribed. Tiebellsuitend of >vijs and i..ouis be.** given, whicu an- ruW inmu-.tier delightful lo tL* ear* of the patriotic orator. V - pjfa"i ki.ack.- bouiuvs ana srunpowder to pkcef, and it not n(>*/ so •aperitive, as tae instrument* of tbsae poli- tical ijaitt -VL*:. fiaus ran be used on many different ucea-them "srwons tnicotjf is RLXOTSD*He spoifcheeriuily of the encouragmg intelllgenee hewasdailyreceivingrelativetotheprogressoftheOnionmovement alt over the country; aud lu reply to aquestwnasked, what ccurse, in his opinion, the South would takeitjtheevjntofLuicoln'selection, he replted that so fargreat principle of Congressional n^n-interv-entiia, and firm malntainers of the supremacy of the conetit t;ndthelawineverypartoftherepublic" Mr.Ilirhe said in one of bdB mint admired productions, "Wo'u bati men combme, good men most unite." Sosaid our fort lathers ln--the Revolution; so said the friends of thebangjanrl a puts! leaving nothing b e t smoke bohiid.In the Loeisrllle district lies Douglas' great KentuckystrrugthJmtr+alljiuiuiu wi i-a be eitcted. li« believed that the Uaion nwvairiit was spreading wltbsucb volume, strength aud rapidity as to overwhelm all the sectional candidates, a«d that either himself or Mr. Everett would be the next President."IX) you go to Washington in the fa'!"" we ventured to ask"No, sir." replied Mr Be*., "unless I am President-—(apause)—1 think Mi " fbowed with un ifu-cted gutce as one by one the gentlemen attend ag the levee were- p-esei ted.TBS IllJSCK I'nOltKi^APHBOAt half pott twelve he stepped oat into the ground! atand although the old gentleman Prentice, of tae oumuea to btase away for Bill and Everett, l«ougiW w n u really to be gaining itrength in this quar- ter. jTalkiug of Prentice, I called on bim the otter (lay, and f»>iu:l that a quarter of a c otury bad dealt gentlyeventful period So, I trust, the editor of the BKSAM> will yot declarant th'ls periiouj crisis In our nation's his tory Let the IIKRAID proclaim to morrow that it is titae for Breckinridge aui bane to disappear from tae Presi dential arena, snd thesii unfortunate, deluded genii vneawill not again be heard of as Presidential aspirants. W lord Mulgrave and the remainder of his suit on h-s fight,ri* be am ha friends were concerned, they would acquiNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1860. service prdfeot had filed past him in the ball ream,>ead«pKlar etreet, amtas-sa'S'safCkartotte dtraet, aade south sidesaluting kit „, along Colon their respectivePB1^iissi#iANTLADY WbaalNOiTO ADOPTA MALIIsiPAirr one day old, can do »o by apply hi; at the jPriratc Lriaste Hospital, tn. ( Grrme street near Canal - « - • «CAPTAIN DAVID HABBIS KP/it K-.T.S TH^ LADUfc and geottemon who boldMefcest AV the Grand Newark sW Excursion on Friday, Auftad te, te te ea board tep barat foot of Jay strie*, at or beteie » o'clock A. M; amauoo was one of ream that Mr. Beaaatt sbould havedeparted from his aaahl coorse nf lumlsaasi g the extre- •nd 1sin IfiM iilifeah the vote of a single Norths =1 mists, satf given hit oommandmg iaflweace, and that of Does he luppotH it possible that;'that' -;;»'*- his)oana>,tethefRpportofaaaotfesaloaadidate.asks. ticketcanreceiveIhevoteof a singleSouthernr-uCopt Soath Carolina, If the true friendt of the Cnioi unltM as they will certainly every where do, aud as they ar: ac> Uvaly proceeding to dot Then, why keep this tie--:! loager la the tM* b ,it unreasonable ia me to utg#rill t»;hel« dt tke Court House daring the af temoon,ofwhichfullpartieulatdwillbegmnIliuminattous on the squares ta the eveniog.Qeoeral tilnmlnatlon from nine tUreleveo o'clock in theeven lag"»e addroas Breaeoted by tke Mayor and Corporation atDuke of Cornwall and Bothsay, Bsri of Dublin, Baron of . I ou did not arnd^ •aomnk te_ me to vita the 4 ifrew, Kaight of the most noble Order of the Gar- Ftease send twenty I taws leave andon't understand," be repeated, "why Mr. Bennett hasoeaaed to condemn the extremists, which was a ways oneof ike grand feature! of his paper—came out for the sect;onal»u, and treated the great conservative Union move- Union hi tbe South should blend their energies in son»TBS rBOOKAaXX 15 THI HALL ROOKThe programme was as follows — 1. Quadrillo%. Waltr.i. Galopol o^e bandied and eigln;, miles*-the fields pr«i»ent one Would bo the Ou-Ji-selS of tho leauers of his party, Sew upon ta<) basis of that same pledg,- I wilt support 1> lugtes suit, after wbtcu he was rowed a*) the paddle steadierf._(W)uki aspect of blight and devastation. The corn ar-t "i 1 others, tliat he feared, aud which wiuid beValorous, in wnich he soiled up to the ba»ln at the head and Jobusou, ana oppose Lincoln aud Hamira, Brecxm- of the bay,,where his grandfather, the Duke of,Kent,ridge and Laa«, upon the basis of thai same- peuge I once own. d a farm At a few minutes past six the Vilo shall, if the Presideutjal authority shnll d"volve urpm rous. with the royal standard Puttering at her mosthtud, Bell or Fverett, yield to htm who shall cnance io be tdus reti rued, and up»n anchoring the boat was at oace lowerfields fi'r tnilea of acresappcur as if aooniiagraiioa hadiiwigit through thrm, burring and shrivelling the leavestian^ut »itli Injustice to the Sonii and eve. tuai danger to iLi- I'lilon.Sii-irai; novsj'B.vn.The J*i incc-is to leaved St John tomorrow at ten for rlOND-A LARGE POOD1.E DOO BLACK, WTTHF'rfocricton, which he will reach ca the same day He ubu- Lre:i»i;|lian clioped sbo ' l.eblud. TU.- owner mar is fo leave Fredoncton on the 7th, and, returning to recover hrm by palUic ex;*rise*. on pj.h jallou to Jefcte Hoekplant.- to plough them under. Millions of dollars will be aunoundogvbreodway, Ihrougb Cedar, to the Post (ti.ee. a wai'ot gold Rye L testes with the saring br den A reward of Uiree itol ban v ill be paid fox ihtir delivery te Clafim, Melien A Go, IUlost by the failure of these crops; and even no * the gra-naries o! this usually luxuriant region are empty, andgrain by the Hundreds of car loads has to be importeddally f'om the Bast and Wast by way of the Loulsviila Bicckm-idge and Nashville Qatlroad. The Kachville merchants already Bell predictapanicandfailures-inthefall,whiletherailroadDougiab.is reaping a rich harvest from the extraordinary freight-Prince'scabinsonboardtbeHero,andhismodeoflife fillmotildeiface,butintypetheword"mouthed''was LOST-ACERTAINPROMISSORYNOTEHATING during the voyage, aud as I have already made mention substituted for "moulded," which is a libel upon, his been lost tbat bore date Oct -her 34 1859, made by Fioe-Tola!ing business the drought has occasioned. The total vote may run up to 160/JO0, and it Is estimatedJ|i>wttrange are the ways of Providence. While the the exoees in the calculation will be equally divided be. tweeuBre<.inridge and Bell. Brecklaridge hastheen-nati. 0!i svuryrrr Trjs jwxv ritx<DX»t.On taking our doparture, we tueniioued that we muihtandik i.iug the sulks for many weeks there has notbeen a drop of ruin, and thi thermometer in the made at Bee Mr Evuett in the course- ol a lew wosics. " Tell him," elected a hearty and faithful support Ail tbat the cd, tind Albert En ward stopped into it, w t ' b ttwj royal U56 1, r days together. Millions of bushels of corn are stid Mr B u, " that the cause is progressing gloriou<ly, L'mon u en of the country at present seen to lack is standard was erected at the bow, As the boat was rowedV.'fndsor, cross to Pictou, • here ihe Flying Fish will be mans 5IS Fruuikijn street, rear hcu.-iulwaitirti to convey him to Charloiletiwn, Prince Edward's Island On the 11th he will leave the latter place I OST—ON MO^DAT AFTERNOON IN THE VICINITFthai I will soon write to him in detail, and interchange toward the crowded what ves and landing steps ihe royal thu* li Kt to the wealth of thm section the coming season. views, and tc.i him that either b.3 or 1 will he Pre*u- P'.icb a pap*r as the HBRXLDfor our organ; aud I am 001 salutes were ogatn fired and the yards were manned asThe crop is tost be> end redemption. The tobacco crop dent—I tj the peopie or the House, or he through the yet altogether without a hope that fortune will eventually before,J or Clinton plae*. a black and tan HJut, wi'h Ingeara aad and proceeJ to (-rtS.ie, where tbe Governor General aad scar on one a.de, vtuy oae reluruhig ihe oame toM Ctintoaaction uC the Senate "Duriufl the entire Interview Mr. Bell expressed the utmost cosUJeiiceinthe triumphantsuccessoftheOnion ticket 1: was an agreeable conversation, of an hrur or so, w;th a worthy old gentleman, amid his household andthin, far favor us. Your friend and fellow citizen, H.s.Foora.TEE PRINCE OF WALE*.v.sw i.v THU uarIn the rrr-wtimo 1 had been visiting the vessels of thefleet,including iheHero,andglancingattheyachtsand punu and p.unuces as they shot lo and fro o»er t^e bay at the highest speed either wind or labor wouid carry them To ta«*e having a taste for onuatics tbe scene on the bay at this lime was one of the unest sights Of tbe SalHax carnival. There was genuine good humor amoug6t thu masses that covered the wharves, and real 8pi.it shown by the rowers.THE PK'.NCR'S CAltWI will take another opportunity of describing theplace, will Le Lauesomeiy rewarded *•lies <MAKf-a* o-- na-c'i.N nM.B c« rvji'Massra.Tfce Bi'-nkinridge n en are confident of carrylos theMint real be will remain six days, and then proceed ac- cording to the programme given in my hr6t letter from Quebec.ttn my telegraph c i'espotch from Halifax Describing the pflr»onal appearance of the Prince, I said that he had a06T. %l REWARD-ON SCNDAT AFrERMOON, IN L gomg from Sixteenth street, uo Fifth avenue lo l.ioar chapel, a pnid Braeeiet set wiib a sprig of eoral and biiualt on u e inside Tbe above reward win be paid on lit return u> No 4 Bast Sixteenth streetState by 1J.0OO majority lowing oruer —T.^f place th" vot: in the fol- 75,00065,000 6.0O9Appear auee145,000of tbe lost dinner and evening party at Government Bouse, 1 need not here recur to them,ran TO wurosos.Bdyal i ighn. •-.' good looks manWool. to tbe order ef WiUlamT Wood, fortkatawofflour counties sent delegates. Ool. W. H. folk, brother ofthe late ex ITestdent Polk, and H M Matterson, K«q., of the reviewfof the troops in garrison and the volunteerswere chosen electors at large. There is what is termed by his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but owing lo disaffection m the democratic ranks in the cities of Nash- the early closing of the mail I was unable to include par- ville and MeinphiB, and in Hardeman, Hayward and Madisou counties. The lxiuisville Dtrru^rataud the Cincinnati ticulars. At an early hour the volunteer companies as-Kn>jutrer have a Urge circulation in Kentucky, aud, beiug sembled at ther rcspec'dve barrack rooms, and at ten vigorously conducted, have considerable influence among o'clock they were in attendance at the Pavilion Barrack the democrats. In Tennessee there is no Euch oppoaitionto contend with The old deuiocratie organ, the Union square, ucdfr their several commanders, where they and Democrat, goes strong for Breckinridge, and is in-R»X.ATTAjRufes and r<?g-u iations o*' the rcgaMa to take place onOST-ON THE EVRMNG Oi- TEN ITH, A BROWNcreasing rapidly In circulation. All the strongest demo-crats in the State are for Breckinridge, Including Gov.Harris, the t-itire executive government, the State Com military quarters towards the Common, the scene of the16 5 fl'te entrance money for all six and fooroaredracestlie same to 74 West Eleventh street"regulars" were marching from the Citadel and othersos] JOSH s»LL av Bxutr—urrsKxsnsG acswirr OF TH* mittee, ex members of Congress Irom nearly all the dis- review Soon alter ten the commandant of the volan- were permitted to seat themselves The Queen, Priowbe tw< collars each race, and it &ha!; be optional with the omt rs o! boats whether they enter for a six or foproaredrace.nk'se three or more boats enter for a race no second ix- will be awarded Ltaquarterbeforetwelveo'clockagunwillcallthets to their respective stations, and here It must be tiuctly uroe-sttoo by tbe proprietors of boats and s respectively, that should any boat not be at her station at tbe time of starting the race, such boat to for-"eji tbe race as well as the entrance money.tUoats in the first race shall leave the upper end of thotbe Bowery >>arin(i*Baj k Whoever will return n to Mo 6 West Tenth atreet wiL be rewarded 10/ then irouale.R B W A B D I .* r REWa.tlt —LuSI. FmM THK WIMiow ny THB tptJ NewHavrecsrs,yesterday,tt6P.M.aiOe>iralNor rtsanla depot a hi.>e Accourt Bool., «-u,t two c'ea of Papers, a Wallet aud ar urr.ber of loose Pa)>ei-s. Tbe finder will be Bcitablj rewarded by Uavbag tke same at Sul'.on't Botel, Dp per Jtorrisania.0>ir REWARD-IXlftT, ALOIT THE 10TH CF JTJLT A i p t j drorer't Ac? out K< ok. Any peiaon irturoiiu the Kuoe to tht Wa*»ijigio. drove yaria, Fo-lr fount street aadHI! LM.-I OKHit SKtUHKOKSi TOWaXI> 111Ml—HOWH«U\ KS— tricts, Cave Johnson, Andrew Jobtsou, Meredith P. Genteero took command of the battalion, and after going through the customary duty of equalizing companies and numbciing oil divisions, the entire battalion directed thircoursetotheCoamon,afewminutesbeforeeleven o'clock On arriving theie they were formed into line on the leit of the regular troops, and .combine*, they extended tho whole length of the ground, and presented a most iin-Consort and the Prince of Wales were toasted, soon after whichtheroyalguestleftIhetablea"dlookhisseatic one of the carriages in waiting to convey the party to Honiport, where he embarkea on board the Styx for jt. John,NewBrunswick,whichvesatianchoredthereat ten P. M., after a smooth and delightful passage down thepicturesque Bay of Fundy.I arrived two boms before him io the Admiral,: a com for labile vessel to sail in, but a rno-t unsatisfactory one to mess in, tbe meals being of the most uneatable character a.'loat. Crow us were gathered at the w ater side as we come alongside 'I have not the necessary time in the present letter toHS*>.*>CM—dusoru>io».-<Atoi'TlasrasviuiTcuisw,ETC. Pt*- Hon J.kba Hell, the iLion consutulional candidate for the i're.-ideiicy, resides- with hts wile, at the house ofbiillipaon,Harr/Watman.Esq.,inSummerstreet, Naah\ Hie. He tormeriy had quarters in the City Hotel, in PMIIOS whirs these lints Hie written, br.t lett a short tinif sa.ee to enjoy tho quietude of a more secluded home. Hii» pr.-M ut rv-jdeui-e is a pretty houre, witn verandah suit shn.otwry, situated Mlew yards from the sidewalk of oi.e| 01 U:e pleasaotest sir*< is ut Naalivilli*.BIS WalSjao.MAl. UOAMKH-IOMS.Mr. Bell has been luarrie 1 twice. Ills first wife wastryandeve:jdemocrat., paper,withtheexceptioaof threeLetterfromGovernorTO THJSBPITOR OF 1HB HUE ALU.Foote.In an editorial article wnich appeared In the columns ofyour widely circulating journal on Saturday last, head >u"Speech of ex Governor Foots—Logical ResuH of ais Position and Action," you wore kind enough to apply to molanguage of decided commendation, mingled with no more /bout this, time—at a quarter to eleven—his Roya'of some three hours length, upon topics of a highly excit tag character, has been so skilfully and faithfully con- densed by your excellent and accomplished reporter as touever before awoke the echoes in NovaSoctia. The royal standard was then hoisted at the eastern side of the re- view ground, and herei the Prince and his party took uptheir position.Alter the combined troops were formed into review or- der tjs Royal Highness (accompanied by the Duke of New- caatle, the.fearl of Mulgrave, Commander in-chief of the VoluuteeiB; the Earl of St.- Germains, General Trolape;Similar salutes wil! a;;^ii be li cd upon the tiuai depar-ture of his Royal Highness from New B.-jus.rick. ! Similar simultaneous salutes will be riied by the mili-tia artillery.His Koyal Highness vil be received on fcis lot ting atSt. John by a guard of honor tern sh« i by the companies p! militia which have volunteered lor drill nud efxereUe, the remainder of which companies ;win line the approach to the wharf, connecting with the r i-]| coinp mies and so cietiee, by wuon the streets to Mrs Cbipmau's residence will be lined, tn accordance with aTuUicemcfnte utade bystarts the boats to be one of the number, and n any mat tej- for which the rules hereic before sut"d Lave not n.fcde tho nacessary provision, the decision of the judges sbh.U also be considered dualTELEGRAPHIC.ST. J(>!(>, N. B., August 7, 186N).S\*B: u-v. ,ci auve the Prince a royai reception, se- cond un!\ to that of Halifax.'ho Prince arrived at Fredenckton on Saturday after-he ck Icftti.er.^.it«li"l rom»imi:E a sum 01 money and other a: ueles. lue iilc.e ii-wnril vill be paid on retu.-r.iug tbe tame to R Mefcfi, ,tr , Ij ;, i 15 Coemiefc slip, or at 1'ettler's Hotel, Usten is.*!,'!f S i y r REWARD —.OUT ON MONDAY"' FVENINC, ©O'/ J'ly St', l~ comir.p fr,.m Lno* L«.-ne * heatre 10 rrfcuklirj street, a sold h, i:U n Waich K 1.. llraiiierd, LOOJ.JO. naker The ;'»oie rtwaril will he paid b) leaving ft at loaa H. We sb s. I7i Creenwicb s ;eet.N K W P I h L l l A T I O V S"the revolutionary and atrocious sentiments" from time to time uttered by black republican editors and speakers. On this head you use the following pointed language.—tweatj , i ode slowly past the ranks, and was received with the usual genera! salute, the whole preset.ting arms toge- ther. Thts being over, the regular* aud volunteers fornaed intoopencolumn,rightin,front—theregu!«rsleadingod—His Roi-al Hignne* will be rece'ved at lite residence by a guard ol honor furnished by tee Sixi" third regi- ment.The reception programme was worde.-! Ibui:—•oeoD Monoay. at which the addresses were presented. :is LuLartJ were at the ball, aad the !'. tnce danced tenufi., and if ft at a quarter of twoTPE SUNNY HOUTH, oa, ran feOCTDRKNER AT IuJttK.tmbraeinr five years' taperi-m* of a Northern »<-rerne*i laIDE LAND G> bl'GAR RICA AND «XiTToN 111111:1rvPROFESSOR 3. I: I M.KAh \M of MlwdaappLf.rmr- .>!eit«-trncjspdlefthimembswra*-*d. t'ue6*r-, i -.» .. u» wile is.Mocerwr.SisiiHeawd^wn urestco.ivTta-nsw wrsHan s*i L. toureorrespondlHp*wtutrfSajentstoMr.'wilj^siCourt House, toi the pur.K.sc o rece-ivmg bi« Royal ax me Ma (Wtwes must aa,»v been haawaume at au *ar te ut-cuiT k it n«t most ertdewt tna. tno *t^ttvi&i* •miete were woi in. ol the saiouns m Lmdot and I'arit, Msrbwta\.*t perioU. a-»d e n a at thw d»y they are repuar and an and lajtie awtexaent is a m a t rid,cau»ui (atlare b^,n m prt««iited a w r gay and elegant appearance. So also 9. After tiie depurttir" o* tl . Ha^or tnd f»:'»<watlod, Oad the mail' maYtdor ieading irom tbe ball r « a to Sde6<WfI. »»t so bewrf a* 0 t prtau wissht hat owe M> i«h.*«w*,, a-> toe cakraet** of the isonversatou may litiy prurvthat Breckiurdge is as csmpieteiy ^rosafi-mcel .artit . K St. Jali.S Street, alcug t |.' cifi to i+er M(-4*far llwer I'lains, ronneclbai al Goldena, lirid«i- wkh arnvwt, *i Pcutnaeeptit a. 1 P. V . leaviae P.-.»rh»«'ji«» »tkwtUiicoia'a ehctam will anaaa, eaawvw, j-jMjf,, s a e .^ Stenonthepartof th* alev-ti.)H4aK -tut;*oTtaecuufed •raci*Doeshenotp.aH!jporceiv,tbattheruuntugof tbe Breckinridge aad lane ticket will arteg akomthievta.^gledLadyMttUraveintothebauroom«iane ProvlDi* Bull img, wnk-n :;aa be«u suuw.iy XLU lasieiolly fitted up foeth*OKOJOU,as1have onto-.'-de-scri'oet.b r a w e . a v i u g k i t s , W t n e r w i d e a c e w e s v r e i b r a u t t u * !U« f.. . • nia an aatadMV : <«kiag old g«ci e«au, «ay D.Xt; jr*w • - or so in age, with a w*M nresp wt«o4ej ir«a J etectsBs of Macotn. If ao alarming an eveei to indeed, taie 1 a.;.itorj aud t<ava> tdlcxs, aud iadbjs wbuseexquidlte Mow, &• , win xtvc ibe piece*! .a u . ' .... ceed to tb<-friends of the Onion in the North should co operate for the defeat of Lincoln sat, and that the friends of the....Luriiae. i.Roseh'id. ChariOori.May it 'please your Royal Highness—We. the Mayor, day Aldermen and Commonalty of tbe city of St. Joha, hastento approach jour Royal Highness for the purpoie of woi EPPTBO-prospect of being laiseu to the Presidency if no electioneither by the people or by the House of Representatives in 14 lancers.OongTesa,shalltakeplace?-Andaremtallfouroftnegeinfant city, urwn the founders of which. In token of the .iAThird Set royW fcpprobatioti, great benefits had been recentlyGDSTAVXS JfOHNSON-TOUB OOMMDNIOATTON ttrecdiredacdbeUefed » TC.T.kF MISS LoercA M a WILL dULL AT BPRINOatreet Post oOice she will find a letter. 11. N.E ANNE ALLEN I« IN TOWN WILL RBI ADDRR38 W. H.Tlioiiipsou HeraldQ*iCe.IF W D LAMB, FNOsI BOOTH RHIBLriH. KNGLANB, will address brut . to he Britiah CoDSuiate, PhsttaV phia. bewtUbearOf•om'^;ug sokMadvantage.2NEORMATIONWANTED—OR/OHN FCTTSRsWHO left CbeUeuhan . England seven > ears iU*ee. now abead years of age An? Information o« ban would be ihaaAiuAy reoerved by Henry Randall corner of Dekalb ere*ue sad Graham street, Brooklyn, N. YINFORMATION WAN1KD-OF THE DADUHTBK Of Patrick K.eii, a coiih-»ctor on die DeUwarr and Undstw Canal, who resided on rlrth av«aue some twenty yean age Kite will hear something to *her advantage by ea&ing oa If Walsh, No. 8, eixii, avenuePlease , ddrets hex 2,664 Post olttcerpo ADOPT—ANT RKPPEctAMI.K FtRSON WILLINOe«ce and that the mission of the party he represented id Union in 1SS2, when Jackson was the President and culli of Boston, and the Mayor of Montreal. Of couise I wasthe South « u to [ rev-ut a dissolution o' thu flaioa in the not absent on the o «»sion The Prince t a . attended byereat ot Hi'icoln's huuiem b> the- internperato aotion 01 bcattoa showed its Gorgon crest So said the immoikV all tbe members of his suit, lord Mulgrave and the Clay and his associates! iu the memorable struggle of iBenior officers of the garrison He looked i s fresh as if si'>L«L*m the gunpowder and the rocketigoo.i with a Southern extcmtsU But he had no apprehensions that I860. So said the editor of the Hs&at.o also, a', that he had enjoyed his usual rest cu the previonpnighti aniWe Bpc.e o tluward Kve'ctt, and Mr Bell indulged in awttn liiiii—probably because he eschewed ail hot and re rhapi..xi> of rr>tna:l;s about hu. copartner on the Uuion forth in the celebrated Congressional pledge of l 51 IaCvr*j.yoa L.-ur not forpr>tlen ynnr prr aaiar 102HjotSI AAD Fill iVDhellidtas 1 .quota In his youth' If there has been any change.! think the venerable * it has become a little n.ord set and regular u hi* feAturee, resembling n a iuartir<'. d<Kri-e Nourse, the plough maker, ex Chief uf theBo»ty)u Ptvlio-.ticket,nia nations: position, aud his universal popularity. was one of euven tLdividuais who framed tuat pledge, inHe also •;.« <e ot hts chances lor We Presidency hi case of a certain room of the Capitol in Washington, aud who tuo he arrive'' at tae dockyard tn an open csrriagdj v* ilh loylaliy to . ar beloved Queen.UOChoir* by the people. subscribed it before n paratiug I procured every* 3->u«- lord atid .*r)y Mulgrave, the Uuke ol Newcastle aof Karl Happily ittuated as we are ia this Province, under t h eCIFRTIFICATR LOST-NO. 141, FOR ONR PART UR J right In th? Aiuericaa ^.tlnnlie aud Pacific: Ship Canal Otaap iu.y, stondind in the na e of Mary R Wa«e Applicative has been m-ide to ihe compaiiy tor a new eertineatrNEW VOIIK Au^nsif. I8t0FOCNT-IN EDI.TON RTREET. ACODdT 4, A PORTR uinranaie. conUiuing a unoiell amouu'. ol money, which OH* cvDf- may hue by provi.ig property, paying enpeaaee dadapp^tiiR si Jl Er%iiklmeveuiie, Kurt iiiooklyn.FOr'ND-AOGUST 6. A LABOR NEWFOUNDLAND IJop Aaj p«*ou provinp proiierty aad paying expenses can have him CSSl at 1«9 West Fe irteruta street.' As for myself, mv principle of action in ail c ise^ of national exigency and danger was fully and clearly artwas pbotogrnphed by a professional artist of the town. He stoo ' in his uniform, and holding his hat in hisright hai^d, under his arm, and the f un shone full ©n his facemark ce he: Majesty's regard lor the welfare of her Rri tisl North Ameiicac poceessluce, cnnblinj the people of tiiis poit c' the widespread Brituh Empire to participate with tpost who dwell nearer the *overeign, tn personally exiresBiog through your Royal Highness, ou- deep s«nted•7fl'> -TTl.RSJnAY, ACGISTS, 1S60,AT4P.M. BOPIlMr be s'steil that he regarded Mr Seward as the head torial signature atlauheu to that pledge, id St Germains He there embarked on oue of the boats ofwile rule of our illustrious eoveroi^o, taking our humble pail ia the administration of irit-sh justice, and thankful (orfth«ble*.-ii gsconferrexl upou us by a beuodcient Pro jridjeuca, we hail the appearauce of your Royai Highness knloqgus v ith gladness, and heartily welcome you too-or shiires.We SruM Lie visit cf your Royal Highness may be the sodree of ,\s much gratification to yourself as it undoubt- edly will be to ihe people of these provinces, and, after the olpecu"-- of your tour shall be accomplished, that you may have a safe and pleasant return to Logland.Of the N-'ttbi-n party, Hr Cbafce. a bt-p lower; and as for Mr Ba.iks,.ie ntd not know exactly where to place him lie irgaroed him as am.m ol lebilny, bui his viewsCludiug that of Mr. Cay himself, «bn*c sage aud patrtoMcth? Nile, in order to luncu with the Admiral on board aaJ wilnesf the regatta, which ha! been going forward 6ince tbe hour or ten The > arris of the thred vescounsel prompted it. I have ever S1O<KI by ihe stipula-A.,' \M M. I'SI JWATIOS W«OSi< TH* rorts AM) 10B.CS o CROP* on national n alters wet- not clearly donued to his uiuid. tions of that pledge, attI I shall never .*oaad in tueqi sels of the Admiral's tieet were manned, andOH»Mj'THrOi*MSIWH'. *>«d*-inItem UAUSVWC, Ky . U> N"»shvi:le, Tean.—a rlisi&n' e«r.!11,lnheregardedasat'atr,oanald,,opeaheartiMl, Uponthebasisotthatpledgeiopposedthenefariousad- these,asalso theroyalsquadron,bredroraisalutes counu n seLRe man Hew as 111 the Housi it R-preien mluistrstiou of Pierce, Gushing, Davis A: Co , upon the as the royal standard movwl tiway from th* shore;. He lal.v s « hen in (Mr tht^ was in iheSenite. If left to basis of fiat j-iedj^e I abaudoned Mr. Buchauau so soon went on board ih^ Hero iu three-quarters of an hour af- himseii, Mr li- i< had ca tears about Mr. Uiucom; hat it as he thamelrssly abariioued nonintervention in 1 4 1 ; terwarus sou changed his uniform for a plam walkinglootlter crautl miliar) Meviewol the Piiuce Ub Penciiaat for tbeDance TJie I.evee 1 flew of tbe BajibiutheAdmiralsSnip,Special Correspoademoe offtha Herald* Sr. loa*.New"Brunswick,August2,I860.My last tetter nom Halifax concluded with a meattonwere put through a variety of evolutions. Meanwhile theDitto ditto auto (set crews)Ditto sn oared ditto (<uveuilee) 16Ditto four eared whale- boats (set crews) 20 10 L08T-JITT.T W OR 28r A BANK BOOK. NO US 421 ORpcaing appearance.AmtARAjNCX OF TF»S P&INCB.la^e on the firing of a gun precisely at the hour of twelve,raw- round the buoys or boats assigned to them at the Fifth avenue, will receive the above reward. lojaer end, iour,ding on the larboard hand, and return iothje winnuv mark at tbe western end. The same orderagive you a detailed account o! the- reception at this place Holiness left Government House, in his cilonel'suniform, to-day, but the following is ihe programme of th0 officer/r; REWAitD —iX-5T, THIS HORNING, ^eiPPOiED 1!» a EiiJ; avemut stage, bete eiillandl'i '.-.' • -k. a darkbecn of late so much denounced anl ridiculed by news pai-ers of the black republican and secession stamp, that lo be referred to in terms of courtesy and respect in a pathousand-: who bod assembled to catch a glimpse of his The following royal salutes will then be greet from the per of sut-U rank and Influence as the N'sw Yon.-. HIHI U person. The firemen and axemen formed in open order Garrison guns at Si. John —coloied Por emoiunue vuh •teel <rau.e and c«'ch sniin. ooo U i time of entry, such Hag to be not less ln.au twelve by taming a few shiiliogt In change, c vi-d> o: tbe fcunviiita tn-7 Wall'- 8. Galop* lancers10 podts.... Quadrille18 Galop.:On tbe following morning the Prince was up early, and after breakfast walked out iu plain dreuw w.ih l^ord Mul grave axd his suit He returne*! soon alter ten and Htessod in bis stall uniform, that of a lieutenant colonel, •andateleventookbisplaceintheinnerreceptionrx>m and held a levee, which was attended by about three hundred of tpe leading men of Nova Scotia and most of the voters at Halifax, Including Mr Lincoln, the Mayo:-the back o: the Government House, aud with the Duke of ato adopt a •'-•<" female child, oue week old, mav V e desire, with gratitude to acknowledge this fresh tf F., boa 139 Herald oflieeNcwcistle anil the Ear! of St Germains on his left. &dUMT TO THE AOMIKAT,.After thi? lie partook of luncheon, ao••! at a quarter pastwere carried t<> Wiuisor in the position of stowaway. The Pnnce ord suit, with Lord and I*dy Mutjrafe, had a car to themseiVes. The train arived at Wtnpsor at half past eight, and the Prince passed between the ranks o! a volunto r guard of honor, which bad arrive?! from Halifax two hourApreviously, into the Clifton House, on the balcony of which be was soon afterwards presented with an address by tbe inhabitants, to whose spokesman he read a brief reply, the sun all the time shining upon his head and face. He next partook of an [elegant breakfast at a large tabu, at which all of the special train803d30—h•22 LOST-FROM A CARRIAGE GOING OP WE.iT ELKventb street, down Broadway to Bleecke. street, a- maB 20 leatherBag,containincaleatherpursewithabout&KfaWiltjlEacli boat to carry a ilsg similar to the one aamed attbe Common he wa - greeted, almost rapturously by the tridge Island, three guns will be tired in quick 8u<ice88ion. eij;M inches, aui to be carried on a staff not less than to tie subscriber. The finder will receive toe above rewardhas proved altogether refrc-shing and gratifying, aniwhatever of censure has been thrown in by way of quali-fication and abatement has been. I assure you, productiveof no unpleasant effect whatever, either in the. woundingof my sensibilities or in the diminution ot my chenshe.iself respect. I shall ever regard it as a fortunate eventta my career as a public man that an impromptu address he was received With a burst of enthusiasm such as hia Royal Huihi <«s from nt Joen to Fredenetouolong Spring Garden road, and as his Royal Higne.'S passed they fplUweu behind his staffOne royal salute from Partridgre Island on the approach of her Majestj 's ship with the royal standard Byibg.urj.form and suited to the occaeouJNo)*ibori .shall be considered an amatour who has «?x" " fruaiiacTiwo! Posrl ni.d Wet1fctreem10 Ihr eorwas not altogether severe enough in my denunciation of and the remainder of the staff, numbering in all more than the civil authorities.m. H'i attended the Cathedral on Sunday, and held a AriEw" LOOK DE.-iTIMLD i«> <HEaiK A bJCMsAtlO*. JC^T f-l'B I S H t nORSAT ASSKMBLAUS AND P!ITnOSIa8M.Mnukiop Hij«xtal." 1br finder "ill ret»i« vh» alicie re »*._4 bv leaMng the saei'- at 9. W Wi.r a'* 71 *'aU UrorVS!mulinneous%Atutep will be again fired frcm Partridge On arriviug at the Oomunn at a few minutes past die- Island and the shore batteries ou thf: landing of his rlovalIn the event of any boat duriog the time of running re ce-iviug hindrance from any disinterested boaU such race1No.1.TheSonJofTemperance No'ith»FireDe every nerve, and in the speech we have now bemre us he and march, d past the royal standard, on the right of wnieh pai tmeot. No. 3. The trades. No. 4 The uatiottal socieTheyarenotlostuponhim. Hefeelsthedangerinmakes acknowledgment of tbe convictions of his practi- the Prince was stationed, in slow and quick time. After tie* N<> 6. Thev citizens, drayrneu and cai-men. The!e tmbarke j upon the Forest Queen at half past sixtlfsmo. n n j for St. John, and left there at a qdarter of Hanclfcorrc v hound.i one 12 mn. >-infue 6i6 paces Price $tcal experience in these words — Sfius of T?mperauce, connecting with the volunteer com fi\|eP. M. eiirmu- for Prince Edward's Island Enthu Much opposed as some in the South were to secession, and this the whole formed into line and quarter distance paniesai the approach to Reed's IV-tut waarf, >«ri<i (in? siistic cheers greeted him everywhere. A genera hoh-thoughsomeofthem mulitbelncln.eetoprotestaxainoithe colujy, andmarchodtothefront. Theregulars were i'rmcewilliunstieedtntheaoovc-order,extendingtothe dsiywasj.ioiiaimed,processionswereassembled,aadthe actor creating up the c uion in the event 01 Lincoln s being then moved oh the ground, and the volunteers, which in gate at the residence^ his Royal Highness.Jo. O G VSVANW, 1':-. '-•»-. «S9 ''hnuri tt Phiiadeitifata. THK blKKY SuL'ih, oa, terhO IHFRNRR AT HOHR. Whiiepreeei-Uagaccuratepicturesof"tvuaaaintbeHuawy South " tbe.e i« sklil-ullf ^terivo>ru »r. lrl>r,Hiutig narrative.embodvinj; tie mtKt ron.actur tt>t±rri*t laoataera ri.au h/e on the toharci. eotn ;i an.'i»-ig»-r*u»tes.TdE SUNN I be Lili, ou runMibTUFKNER AT HOME.Tbe tone of the book tn atrial} couaerrat >e and nalaoral, prettBtiiig the impartial view winch an lnusliig#ui, unprvjw diced nnd'hl<;h!y cu tirided forthe-rn UI) would lake of the SouthTHM SVPNNY SOUTH CK. T H rKleTHKIi.VF* AT n<»VRTheprefentatlotiO."thltbook,thoughneitherprofoasdpojliucsi (>ini *dai:'-ed for ..^m |.nam«r pcruscl, i l f u ane Cioveui p'u-d.c sad 1leasnnt rej.dir>,;. at iu<* p st--. 1.i.e, aad COdo'-, t he im aei-eplablt grft to tne rendiug oubhcTHE bUNNY SOUTH • o» TH.. Ki.llIIKR.NK' AT HOMRelected, it was bis duty to say. with Ids band mi h s be.irt that u Lincoln be elected ou the platform on which he is ruuning. all the efforts of all ihe Union men North aad ooutb would not be sudkient to prevent the deArucUt n of the confederacy.With this confession of hi? conviction of the. duty of defiling the election of Lincoln, with the honors he won2 The line as f«rned will re iiuiu statioeorv,keeping wpalber continued tine.upon htm, what is the practical tenor of Mr. Kioto's latespeech at Saratoga and his preset.t taiors at a working given for his Royal Highness with great unjtion.26«.li July iDsiaut as follows, viz :—Royal s.»lutes will be hreu .'r-arr rattridge Iviand and the snore Dattorjec. His KoyaiHuihnesswillbereceivedouknumgbyag-iardof honor, fum.shed by the companies < militia which have volunteered for driILand ex<reise the remainder pf which comv: -nies will line the approach to the wharf, connectingpolitician"Theycontainnowordofrebukefortheta mutes who wouid carry ao "irrepressible conii.ct" to the shedding of torrents ot traternal blood, nor oue well di- rected ettort to the oefeat of a candidate whese triumphAtthismoment1sawalongilueofupliftedbayonets glittering Intbe sun, and on the points of tuese the uniform caps of every man.of the battalion, the variegateX plusespeliltca. luitgrity is a t all questioned. Bur politicianswthq'>•«:•<« the integrity oi a saint, and Mr IJ.-lt is he believes to be so inimical to nis country's good. It of whish enhanced the picturesque effect.as poi-ited out in No l6canuol escape his practiced eye that the com rrativc HtS Royal Highness then rode off the re vie* i ground inThe**" oplst.es are net mph.» to any atlaekt rm i.'i* sVratA.eluded a company of negroes, facetnusly called the GreeleyGuard, were, iu presence of his Royal Highness and staff,put through numerous evolutn ns by their captain. Onthe conclusion of the review the battalion formed intoits position during the passing of nis R iya! Highness and suit to his residence-, aud until the reioru of the Mai or and Joiporation along the line to Reed's Poid'8. Hit Koynl Highness will land at Retdh Poijnt.at — o'clock \. M, on Friday, the 3d o' August, under the va-1)0 the Beauif the Prince sent an aid de-camn to bor rojw One of my own works, and he returned me thnnka forSuch is his affioility.KukCUttuSJOFIS.RKPKT.iroN OF TUK PI'INIC OF THE CATHOLIC conRre£a"(>nsof Iloboken and West Hcboken to toe woodotlMr..Inr.ieit-'errlRauneartheCattoliceb'irchofWeatHo bqken, Thuradsy, Augun 9. W<0.fllBOLBRA BANKS.-THE S. F CHOWDES CLUB WILL \J make an etcurdon to the (Cholera Hanks in the sea stfamer vVfLLiAM KoULKS, CaoL O t. Merril, on Thura day. augnv. 9 leaving .lackson street K 6 A. M, Peck slip atin the battle for tbe Union in 1&50 still hanging worthily three quarter distance column, aud three cheers were rious salitc-s set foith in the tcoyai Gtzeu of Wednesday4. A', the whurf imd within the above formed lines fornet ye 1 caLoniaed. By Uts political opponents he is eta- massee of the people outnumber by lar the fanatics, z_'a the midst of the moat' enthusiastic cheering from tbe the purpose of receiving his Royal HiShu.ss, will be' Lis 6M; I w a l ; second s'reet at 7, .Spring tf-eet at 7>i, pier No 4 11 1% •-nvle -e^nrseiitation of M<iuth«"rn life, as >.c»*J b» aneuig by the lour thousand children cf the Halifax s nuMIsen the stand In Barrington, in front of wuicn his RatalHighness halted to hear it. The three choers »| ihwir Contuls in uniform, ihe Mayc.-> of otne- ciiiewvifcjiiiuir StrCNTRKS^-CHO'.ERA1 TKKS1 CapLuu J Duvall. will mate an excursion to ;Cdo;er» Banks on Frtdai tnoiuinz, AUfitiat 10. i860 leavJ view, he heaps abuse upon Ua. tell <*~ conservatives, ao.i linj. «tcea given at iteiclose, and the buUerriv fiouertoig John, the High Sheriff and Coroner. iheStipuiSiwiy Mazto'- h.Jl Jaess.ii; ureet a. tiH o'clock, l'«at slip a> 6o'clock, Hpnngco'-tisc.s war lo tbe hill with the-an. -imply beciuse tuey will not accept his personal prelerencos iu the s.iecliou ot their candidate; and thai, wo, when the oue ha would hare them adopt has not a probiW coauce of u.-tugo f t h e i r l i m e h a n d k e r c h i e f s , m u s t h a v . s c u t a l a r i l l o t t t r r a- t t ^e u u d M a g i s t r a t e s , ^ h * a d s o r e v i l d e p a r t m e t u s , a n d s l i e e t , N o r t h r i v « r , a t o > , o ' c l o c k , p i e r M n 4 N o r - b r i v e r , a t /mother among tho masses -otlecleu below. God save our gracious Queen 1Loug live our noble (Jueeu! GodsavetheQueenISendhervictorious,hapoyandglorious, Long to reign «»ver u s -eroCsave the QueenI Welcome, ourroynlguest; Vr"eicom«, from i*ver)v bretst—From every lougue;Krom hearts both aarin aud true— Hearts tliat b«at high for you, iioudiy cur welcome dueTotheebesung.Princeofaloftyline. ThevirtuesailbethineWhich grace the Queen To her we pay:, turouga thee, Lev?, faim anil loyalty— Homage waiea his lue fre?itod save the Queen!After leaving the review ground tbe Prince vis.t' j the anCitadel,andthenreturnedtoUoverumenldousetoluucn AM isllaa w i t i *molt. tuu«b. In the course ui the at'tei no oi he rote c m to the CamCv^fc'OU8 Oi ihe re^ption of his Royal Highness by hia Eicel- leu •> the LiC'itennut Governor, the . roceES:o"n r|f escort v,informasfollows:—She Mayor and Corrorition Tae Town Major.Field officers of the militia io uniform jHis• fcxcilieucy the Lieutenanf G ivernor's Aide-d4 camps,Ijtftil. Col. Lnuuy and Lieut Col Hfyne (mouoi'.1). The eitioer uouiunanoing her Majesty's troops in. N e wB r i o i s * i.-.iFiist furnace—His Royal Highness the Prh-oc of Wales,The LJie of Ne wcastle ay'. 1is Kxcclldncyiihe Lieut flovcrnor.WALI K*C. U. I'uQQS, JOSKPH DUVALL.\ taxTlie\Ci..tf JuiLe^, Judges aud memberE of the Siccative >_J Council.Tbe President and mt-r-bers of ibc liPglslajtire Council The ^titaker aud members of th'* House cf Assembly Ihe Muyo'S of other elites. Hit;bSherf.on•Coroner.Stipe;itlia-,- a <i other Si ijristrat^s-Hea S(f<!iiu r»ep> tiufnlK,a»ii I'ftici b«*arers of th.- nsiiortl sorS-itief]6. On hi- R;H«! Hieiiu. « entering the giomi -of his wxideae*'be«*ittoual antuer; wilt be Bung bytheSun-day whoa; roi uieu ;f. Ot, h»-R*>yii! il^hiew cnter!nf hi« resideuiB, and at theehwtloa of Ltacolu; Ht* b« w r«j>,aS*lry .uecta-e t House a. 1-.1. posi s.sai, and at half past ume indtus theetor.'of the Naiitoai Anib in, ihe procession of es-booktuaiTHE HEAlHIl'AfcTkRR Of Vt:<\ O. EVANS. Proprleaer ul Ut "lUi-i. aud large*•Meat of a Candidas whose triumph 1 batt*ve to hes>it.iuicai to my ouuayry-»d -oa.'li this m d o l be ajastaw i*»moa, tbaa as l^des-srve tun serereat ciiaiuf* there iomg forwaid; the racing and tbe lndivi wardilof all my patriotic aenatryawn. Bjt Is not thechargemoo ogaiu in plain a. \ *,au.t wiuiessod ttie rural duori*performed bytbe remnantof theilic Mactrih-, •U tfcular aUiaewu h- aijteiition.l'»T«S BALL.The Prince dined with a large party at dverniadctT H KF 1 H E M K \Theballroom,ua^dwithred»niwhitocloth,dad s u i t a b l e h a n g i n g s o v . t r a p p r o p r i a t e d e v t e e s , e ^ a c ' t a l a g Latin uiotu**. and fldeil witn the briglu tmtforsalwS i l i o i i S , or . - c e d e - . : b y t h e M a y o r a n d C o r u u r a t i O ! : , a l o n g . - t . Jatne-e street to liurlr^te blret t. Ttm -• i>ur, t'or^o.aPrlnos,alterUieimtmber£ oftheLislature aadThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untiegtaa':y*reet,»ho'« uj(loiiUiji>KlugBtsj<-10. The it..-..:Ko aoil alen await the a-'saiog cf Ui- ce*forL:.i•-•Waeraluc.andatCTotoeFailswit'stajce* IdVLake i!*."..oi'»«ex JOUfi Bi'RCIULL, Assiftant RmienmeadeuttP.Mjr»iumi«..lotheeuaal•»>Fd Taa»ru*rir.forAJ ban), vro , rwtwtofw, or anj p.»"u» wem. ean make *. * cos tactions at Poti«iit*t>*k, Baga»«r faaasfemm* ire*.tled DocumentOneroval salute from the shore batteries'oh the ap- proach to the anchorage.work-fed at ha: d labor at any time during the pasttvo yeUrs.d > l A REWARD -IO: T. IS WALL KTRiir T, GOING eer.it B.o*d Mrit: a Fut< I\l.«r Note ol the M»ca«olct'ven, where about rifteeu thousand people had assembled, Highness.Sinilar salutes will be fired on the fiuial departure cf shall be coutisled a second time The decidjjjW ol the <yi(\ REWARD -LOST, ON TUE 1WELVE O'CLOCKT b ' . s i t « r m ? t i w * i ' n g v c l u r n r a l i T - m r l j i l l a a ' r a t i v ^ o ' r « > t i something akin to rapture taruugh the heart of many a t d i i c e hearers oi th.. L-at.onul iociutii-s ;jintug;tb.e pro- r-'iloci 11 tclai :y itiit, lines and refrrstraenU can he ktd ca lue. Ibe bear! oi ihe »*li amh ri- '» |> wub hn tbriae. aaSi^ecoud'"iurrtage—His Koya!HUst*-e«t'Eqaerrj-5 F-u,-!o«Si Germain* aiul M«j»r General BruCe.the Th/rdtorrtag.—Therc'maluoerof hisBoiuiHighncis'EWYOR::AN'OK4Rl,kMKAXLttOADCOXPANT *AKE TO ALBANY, $2>rt snd after Montisv, dune 25, 186d, loous will eave Twen ixiii street su.tion. New Yeirk, at toliows — c|rWil!iHcua>-ridaeandailways'atio-.e,743,11and5Ho¥V\ } \ V. hiif I'.iuna --.li'i all way »l.au ,u> Hon, i aud 5 P. M *dr Wbitc r-iarns Mid .-.11 way stations 6 14 f M., 1 :vm Wlnte l|eetrte(»oi »or<in*>n Fallfc 3 15 A. M., au.ppu.ri at rti!,i«in*.l>riO(ieon.,st.nontabove, rorD*eerPlains,4SetPU. tt'inlibis al Wb c Puatnti KDO atationt above lb.* tikiu ri-.os o fclijerton SiturJay e.enln^. *or Albany. 10:to A. M . ex irKsaIT nil iraiis, st-«ppin. ai White Plains, bedlore:, e'rotcur'4}+ i>nil slatious no.ill.>ii:r:..ug—Will lc«ve WlUi*mnh'klge, st/>r;snj{ at ;.:' thew-yifcUuon*.6.4v &A M.andIP. M WbH. Ph^-is 6*ad7 A M.'uno *:to »'td 7 f. M. MOpoiDK al n't wav hli-vai Ddvoii Plahia, RA *!.. atoppiuc at ail station* t.o-tb <>t I'ord1. ! Ibb irion i.-nves Miikirton every Mi .;*,} mor .ui?. Ai M. r «'r.U>:. Fitlla. 5 P. M Wojpu.p ..1 «.li Katl.ii>* ri.libbfKo<tii4u^. Albany,0A.M.,fclonei.-iKata..vjt;i<>a»r i JOHS Bl'KWiH.L, AMUdanl S.jr" W".'.ertKWlOR*. ANiJilAKLEX RAlLROAD->CMXKR a J i s i i f - ' e i u e i - l f o r ^ i . - . ^ u r r t m v e l . — i V a i r u . l e a v e l w e o t fHijUl •*r,"*,: itjiti..;, as toUowa.—10:1* A M.—rllj-r'5*» tor AJ- ly, I w j , Suniiin, .Suartiu Spring, Nln^ma Falia, '. -i...e i*-i^nen ^..ii^ta an.i Lake Muhuvac, *.J<tl>-. un;..: .-• witii K •«• tork iVidral Railroad lor eh*jrci! H(,rii.js. a Ke-iii and ail plfic-H WV.s , «l>u IMIIUL.T- i x S u .cort,beadedbytheM.iyorantiCorporalicia.,wliireturn to Reed's Peat. •tKSTTV! TvneK.«if!WW. . 8Thefrooessionwn.iiu.nmove•uintli«|irrelativepo-DAY JtOAl FOB WISBT rXiiat Nfc»rlt'Kii **D PouKhkwpai*-ThetMBtuwi «UI>< willtear*Jad H U . l.«h ed -p witn a tmitb ursubu;.. t w in se. electioi. which hasjost taken placem (veaitiiy tnsoates. mdat aa* overhead aatvi well ltg jteti up, had a very j**uy Mau.et.eit, up M>io to Cariiartfttti stlrot-t. aJi>u{ Car alid h, Civitrr. Fxils wkb t'-agiw w IJUIC MalvipaC 4.WP. •teeei pter uaily ai SJD A. M. I •uohiug at TbiitVUi str*** »r»»r.fnntrd r-<t!otrxt>iamiinan-tfeottng,an1durT«gcoavar iheSoothantiatbeNorth* tXteauovtharewnltofthe sopaornatWi,wfc;-><?toeHugsor*ilnationsUaogtugatjbe theproaits'iou will proceedcnwurharkptr street toLdrd Lyons wh. mlei him. On the lSih the fleet widweigh anchor car'y in the morning, and reach the mouthofjibe river Sagueuay, in ihe St I-awreuce. iits Royal HigliuesswillfisefiitheSnguenaytntbeHero,andreachQuebec ou the 17th, and remain there five days, afterwhich he will sail up the St Liwrence, staying a nightatftbe town of Three Rivers rtt rotate, and arrivmg at Kroadv. ay. Montreal on the second day utter, icnvu.g Quebec. Atrlil,TB.- RKUATTAthirt> two hundred dollars, Q& Nx> payable three years frow|Tho following is a copy of the rules and -emulations oh- dale, and endorsed by tbe said payee, all persons are herebyOnThuTEdtymorning,ats.veno'clock,thePririceand sd'^ed at the legatu held Inhonor of the Prince's forbidfromnegotiatingtkesaaae,thep*ymealthereofhavtsgQditfi Vidi lake, during the visit of his Royai Highness ^la Priri $df.UPrixt.*) near Eighth. ^30 20iu !;;(« to be Dno! ia all cases of dispute, the ydaWiii who tj)lll S'aien Ultud feiryl<iai Josepliii.-. Au^'t^;, aajiiHboard, ta^llAM GOING-ARE VOC " "WHERE '' WHT TOrbe f i m e s llse 0 .-res', el id.-reader a ong wi.t ber, a» the I hci aro'-Tin/i ()T naiad sl.il*. del.&•>*!••« the tecuerj, man nera and pexailartuca ol a r-'outbern IxmeCAKD ^ _ Havinir,i<i~chp$Kithetpactou ironbuild,ir No.491nfcsss-H<jbtt*on n'.ree;. at 10 o'clock A. M. Fare 50 cent* each way j A koer! band and p enty ot dancing.—~Orders eU.'fcavirn; alar .er capita! 'ban any otlarr tA/IJ l« • vetted fn the buslnr»>, lam now pre •»red to offer gr^slerj advaniagea an' br*ter gifts tbau evrj lo mj r»i».«nr-.<J. WHITP., i Committee F. LAKK1N. > OfJ. NKLSON, } Arrangementt.BANKS -STEAMERHUN• IOC WANT TO ENVOY YOURSELF GO TO KET • port to-HK rrow Clhursdat), August 'J, with the aleamboatN|\ YFi < »v. KH and a line baud of iiauaic. Yuc can apei.d five i hours wilh yo'ir old tr'^ud B. P. KidfileUm, a' Uu- ManI wf! urnitl. any book (of a m<ira! ebaraeter) puWiahed • the,CBited Kiates, ihe regu ar retail ,*c<: til whi-hto.MiedaUW or upward*, and give a p^eaent.woi .a f-om 61' r-^'t t" '«•*•• bars with ebcb book, and gu»r»u'"« u> give prrf**i atxawte-Hou»e. S.nd pet Hjiood dinner Pent of Koolnson n'.reet, lion. a« I am detsrniinoc to midnunn tae reputaiioc alraad)0'iduck A MF^reSe) c«nts ea<;h wa>.tlA11.Itl,A1IN.beatov-cd epon Dij establishment. RtrangertvlsitiegPhilademniaareinvitedtocabanaladifortben.»-Ives. G.a.KYANA SKM) F11R A r:.Ar>8IFIBD CATALUGUF «F BO'iliROrdernrybookthatyoumay»ant reoiillt»retail*"«•. u.geUiei witli the amount re^uir«d for postage and ooctrlai wlifctaereycu that the best place In lb* rounirv to , urcaastAnd ai. points Nnreh. bl& A. Si.—I or 1 ii*-n Fxlla. e-«> •»ir- K alL0...1ir-Lri'lgewdkata^et.forl*kcWaecaMw,LSO——- —I —*—SWWI—' i•"-w ——^TM—»———,OST-INPASftTNG FROMTRIMTY BOrLDINOS,IUL**• Twenty eighth street between S e v e n and EighUi avenaes,j1: Race s i oarer? gijs (amateurs)2| Di^to ditto whale coat* (set crews).3| Xiitto, to be rowed by men irom Uer MaJf-sty '? shipsDitto,sixcaredgigs(setcrews)Ditto ditto ditto (tradesmen)I-:tto fuur oirw! ditto (amateurs)....... 30 20 of Middletown, bank Midclletcn n. Conn., and a gold pencil20 10 with pen. The finder will be suitably rewarded by returolagg ' l ' K A M B O A T b www.fultonhistory.com 