 Ii it-.X:•• »t 0if> to*.The affair grew out of a dispute between the partici- causedhisarrest. OnbeingtakenbeforeJusticeCon- party,orneglectedthemanlyartofFreeSpeech.-Its GeneralCommittee.Precinct detected four men at the business, and tookikiinthetrain,someofwhomwere through Bostonpas- sengersbytheShore line road. Three trainsgoing North and two South were detained upward ofsix hours before the debris of the train could he removed fromthetrack. Thetrainwasrunningattherateof thirty-two miles per hour, and the escape of the pas-isitpossibletint nothingcanbelearnedastothedis- sengersfromseriousinjuryisdeemedamostniiracul6u8. «, —ARREST OF. GAMBLERS,—About 2 o'clock yesterdaymoining Officers Bennett, McNamara, Snow, Daley, Rose,Sanford,andVanVoorhies,oftheJersey City Police, made a descent upon a house in the rear of No. 255 South Seventh street, and arrested a party of m e n who were caught in tho act of gambling with cards. Their names are George Taylor, John Barreville, Patrick Sullivan, James Mullen, and John Murphy. About 4 o'clock the same morning the above named officersmadeadescentuponthehouseNo.223RaUroadavenue, and .arrested three Germans, named Antoine Furst, Valentine Matthill, and Henry Care, who were also engaged in gambling. Theprisoners were aSL held for examination before the Recorder.TRAINS DETAINED.—Shortly before 10 o'clock o» Saturday night, the New-Brunswick freight train wa# thrown off of the track a t the. Washington street cross- ing, Jersey City, whereby the Philadelphia and Erie trainafweredetainedoveranhourandpreventedfrom enteringthedepot.FIRE DEPARTMENT MATTERS.—The following gen- tlemen have been elected officers of the Board of Trus- teesoftheFireDepartmentFundfortheensuingyear: President, John B. Haight; Vice President, Maynard Sharp; Secretary, E . P . Budden; Treasurer, C . VL Hawkins; Collector, Smith Mead. Thefollowing gen- tlemen have been norninated as Fire Wardens: Fin* Ward, John Perrine, John H . Bears; Second Ward, JamesFWnnuing,Wm.Coleman;ThirdWard,Wnu Bumatead,JobnMcGuiganiFourthWard,F,& Do*- can,Chas.H.O;»^UI\1 ftority, it U in effect, *o far M violation, o f our lawn by Briti* **abjec***r* concerned,not only a declaration of 'martfatUw* nponthatIIIwd. buta usurpationof©wrright*,ofprecisely'he m o t e character o f the** alleged against w%by the British anthorf- tie*, wbieh bf profeaned to bo re-tonu? to them; and U a rec*r- «alof lb*fundamental principles ofour Governnent,andtbo gcete* o f otzr Institutions which require that tho miHtnry shall everywhere, awi at all time*, bo •obordlnato \<*tho civd power. NotWtevingitpowdblethattb*in«tmotiou»ofOen:Scottoonldatband,theyshould bethrownout.ofthepalebythe pertonalenmityofill-appointed officials.There is now little doubt of permission being grantedfor th© return of Capt. Stone a n d party, uncondition- ally. .With any thing like a just cause of attack upon Mex- icobytheUnitedStates,SonorawoulddropgracefullyGUTY ITEMS.dercafcowillbetakenupfortrial,astherearenineof STANDINGCOMMITTEESOVTHK BOARDor EDUCA- iumv Sbedidnotappearto.feeltfy^ffe^them ontV calendar. There areothercasesofim- TION.-—ThoStandingCommittee*of;th©BoardofEdu- juriesduringtheday,buttoward night shebe£wu-«*W e have dates from Portland, Oregon, to the 17th tnsi. Gov.WbHeaker,anativeoxMissouri,thoughre-Corrttpondtncc— Messrs.and Bccg. . „ , , -o »Ctmrtc of Stvdir* and School liookiport,Kaaer,Benedict,andSlote. 'feachir*— Messrs. Fairnjon, Byrne,-Meuur*. Stout, Daven-The Oregocians, indeed, a t the present time think•they have more cause to complain of the cruel;y ofCongressthantobethankful forthekindues*ofProv- themails are obliged togothrough Webercahohonment of th e remainder. A n agent of 'Duncan, Sher- man & Co, of New-York is now traveling through th e State; collecting the scrip and taking asaigrrmeuts of it, "with the understanding that $200,000 of it aie to be used for getting the bill through Congress."WehavedatesfromVictoriatotheliH.hinst. The Hews from the Eraser rhines is said to be favorable.The first cargo of Brit'eh Columbia produce shipped for a foreign port consisted o f 60,lrU0 feet o f cabinet •wood and 60 barrels of cranberries, which starred a couple of weeks since in a schooner from. New-West- aun&ter for San Francisco.The British ship*Gotnelza. which sank during a gale in Hbed's Canal,"nas been raided.The British frigate Pyi»<.e* has sailed from Victoria for Panama via Mazatlan. H e r supposed purpose is t*>smuggle silver. It is reported that the following jHritish war-ships are on their way to Victoria: The Hero. 91; Topaz, 50; Amethytt 30; Coesack, 20, a n dClio (screw), 22. There are hve British men of war there already; so, when these- arrive, they will have nine.trade for the Winter. Many new buildings are in tho course of erection, and everything denotes prosperity. Bf ef is very low and plentiful, seJli»tr at the butcher's stalls a t from 4 t o 6 cents; corned pork, 15 to 20 <'en*«; chicken*, 40 cents per pair; i;ume abundant, and very cheap; board, from $b to $8 per week, with good tables.POLITICAL NEWS.—The Legislature will meet on the 12th inst. at this city. The members are coming in rapidly. The revision of the laws of Utah wiil form a prominent feature in the business of the ses- sion. Oud^e Eckles is prepariug a report to submit upon that subject, and will remove from Camp Floyd, his pre*' n t residence, t o the city during t h e session.The Supreme Court holds its term in January, b u t minus Judges, Cradlebaugh being at Carson Valley and Sinclair in Virginia, so that institution is only to be known b y name.The Surveyor-Generalextreme cold, together with the deep snow, been obliged t o discontinue fnrther oporatiens. Since h i s survej* commenced, three townships have been sur-ered that the front door of Messrs. Lippincott, Martin &. Co.'s pork-packing establishment w as partially open, and through the aperture the light of a dark lan- tern w a s faintly glimmering.„The officer at once sus-their guard. • . • [Post.ACCIDENT O N T H E HARLEM RAILROAD.To theEditor of Tht tf. Y. I'ribvn*.#"VVehavedatesfromHonolulutothe6thinat. The veyed,differing materially 3romtho field-notes ofthe Honolulu correspondent of The Attn writes as follows: former Surveyor-General. I have heard it rumored1000 Bigelow it Hnoagx'and. 200 Lawrence, Onle,g"M Since my lant, th© master* of whaieahipa hav© beer, vory feoey proennng recruit*, ahipping their inen. and cloclng their ac- count*, preparatory to leavuiit fos their " betwe*n-«eaitoa«" orntfdnK, eitr^erto tho >©•» Zealand ground, to the westward,'ortio bay*onth*coastofLower California.•'Allthe whalem are in. except the Amoor, V«rnon. andWaiina. Con*ld«rable anxiety wai felt here, for some time, for the Faith, which wa» known to be -veryleaky when last reported. The arr*T»l of tho Delaw*re briaij«i n« fall intelligence of nor whereabout* and safety of cargo. She had m«t the Delaware, in t h e fiftieth paaaafO, and WK )eakinz 1,'WO strokes per h^nr. T h e offioern and crew* had protected aj?nin.«t goinj; :o Honolulu in her, and the Delaware, therefore, staveu by uer, and ihey bolh bore »^»ay, after jetting through the Strai'a, and»x*iyea a t PeUopaul- ©v»ki*e/-ly. wh*re »ho transhipped ';••> bn'w. of h^T oil and T7,0M>3b«. of bone to the Delaware (heion«tn« to th© ovruen), and *>0 pbl». of oilto the brii» B«>>o,el Ho^o'ulti." The merchant ships londiii; oil have about hlied up,^ and sre »eadyforfalling,orhavesailed. TheSjlvi\, Black Sea, and Bheriag. loaded for New-Ued?ord, and the Siaai, for New-Lon- •don. from here: tho "WiDett*, from Lahaiua, and the Raduga,from M i:o.• ** There ha« been considerable convcrrntion ' on the beach'the la«C week or two about the yeizuie of the whalingahip Ionia, of New-Bedford, by the agents of thewuet«. M«M(I. D. C. Waterman it Co.. and thedi»-chargrt of the master, officers, and crew, and her bein^ laidwp tor thepre»ent, pendin; the receipt o{ S'nr.her aocouura.I* i*reported that the former master Jied oil' theWoMte:n lslaud-t,and, previous to his decease, ortieted the mtto to proceed to• o m o o f the South An«eric*n ports, rjad there w»it iuHtructioui*froru the owneis- Instead of doing this the mate went to noaw Neither side can gain by mere force of arms. T h e tther portthanthooneordered,sold•permoi".andrefittod."He has been coutinuiog thi» t:our»e for the pa*t twenty mouths, and fii^k'ly tumeo up bore at Kawaihae. l i e went to Laniiim, lefittod in the old manner, by *eLinsr, oil, and got away from therebeforeapowerofattorneytoseizeto*vesselcould-:ea,;h there from here; bnt nappet.in^ to arrive oil our port and come aahere, while h e was a hor«*. and entirely ixuoraxit of the fact, tie LIar»haU with on* ofthe «gent». hod quietly boarded hiav»»- • e l owt*ide and bronjrhi her in, *omewaat t o the surprise o f herComrxandeT, <"apt. Bussel."2 50 Kingsbury.*» The Polynesian gives the following comparative sieamer-of-war Valorous arrived here to-day. Sev-table of, jtbe enrrent prices charced a t Honolulu aud *Hakoda£| for stfch supplies and labor as are mosteral other English vessels of war are expected, toHOSPITAL.—Weekly report to Jan. 21,Surgical. MedicaL TotaL101 255 21 53words? passed between them. Again Mulligan drew arevolver, and threatened eternal death and destruction Bei«by and William Smith -wore detected leaving tho storo of-needed by whaling" ves»e]s :; . * "«tVood,1pcordCoil, p ton•Totatoe», <f bbli out-.*-», sweet, f*1 ubl"Floor, "§""&jincawne**, fy IB' • B e a n s , 4p" 1 6Csrrotv, turnips, onions, etc-, \ y lb.. iBuliock, average -I*headgive a recognition, w e hope, not to enforce unjust Honolhln. claims. T h e Extraordinary, from Mexico, is inNEW-YORKI860.Males, 220; Females, 8G.S 00 *"T,gar,^lb 03 03•iheep, " yowi-, %?dozen "Eg*!*,& do-xen*'Salmon ^ bWT e a . a v e r n » e q u a l i t y , =f» !r> .Tobacco.•P' tb •f"hrpcwpenters'wajr.e».^ day150<) 50 20 13<*;W 4<; 19 30[Advertisement-]B A T C H E L O R ' S H A I R D Y E , W I G a n d•'; . . . .The reactionists are putting out the idea that oz Miramon will immediately make preparations tohe was released he would go at it again; he didn't to all present, the fistic hero of many battles in partic-Messrs. Lathrop, Lu ^ington 4c Co., Nos. 23 and '£5Park place, support. She went home to her father, and on the with two pieces of silk valued at $70. They had forced onoofI2c"ttl9c Recrultaat"Honoluluputonboardshipattheexpeo*^oftheVi-*4el. A t "rlakoriadi, reenvito. beside idlks, lacquered ware, ••cotton good*, porcelain, etc., will b e <*eUv«.red o n board ship b yCASE O F CAPT.No. 16 Bond-st.Private entrance for Ladies, [Advertisement.]"Water,^ bWauEnglishfleetaboutthistimemay,therefore,be for purposes of " observation." T h e inquiry is made, what will th e Americans be doing in th e mean time ? Will they fold their arms a n d remain disinterested spectators of these European move-ments,and,perhaps,Europeanintervention?FIRES.FIttK IN NINTH A V£NCE.A t 2-} o ' c l o c k o n S a t u r d a y m o r n i n g , a f i r e b r o k e o u t in the'Amoke-house of Lewis Knob, No. 607 Ninth av- enue,butbeing discovered at an'earlymoment,the flameswereextinguishedwithafewpailsofwater. Thebuildingand.stockwere damagediotheamountJapanese officexa. , * i p a r 'ilxchange o n t h e United States a t HonoluluFROM SONORA.a second time required to find bail for his appearance,CorreapondenceofTheAitaCalifornia.GCAYMAS, Nov. 22, 1859. When I-last wrote to you, Capt. Poner had demand- edunconditionalp-ermi»frionlorCapt.Stonoandparcy toreturntoSonora. Tothisdemand Gov.Pesqnt'ira l a d replied b y saying thai h e had, submitted the ques- t i o n t o t h e G e n e r a i G o v e r n m e n t , a n d w o u l d a w a i ttheir determination in the mat'er. Ou the'10th iu»c, "Capt.R.S.Ewell, commanderatPortBuchanan,ar- rivedfromtheline,bearingetpecial documentsfrom our Government to Pesqueira, which, if UiBereut fromto answer similar charges. 'COMPANYD,SEVENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT.—-ThisBakodsdL $2500 6W) 1 0 0v 1 5 4 3203H e*12 W 15 002 00thisp.m.,bringingdatestothe5thhist..The return of Miramon was daily expected, and, in honor oi" his so-called victory a t Coliina, they a r epreparing t o give him a ball and a grand reception.49 3 158 138 256• taineu in Hermosdlo, becao=e a male which the captain las and Peu-r Cooper Insurance Companies. The lire bad brought with him l"rr>m the line vmn claimed t':>er«j was CHUt-;e»l by tne overheating oi a store used for.on the way down, and the cla'inants, assured b y Capt. drying the >arn.E w e l l tbax their right t o the animal should b e tally r e - MRK IN HUDSON STREET—FIREMAN INJUREO.the veeseli saying that he would return in ten minutes; met with a serious accident a t 3£ p. m., when within a.««1;ft•7hair*authorizedOTcontemplated»nehaproceediuie.aootnmuni- intobands of.the Americans. Thefruit is nearly adequateenjoymenttherehas beenoneterribledraw-cation (among other tain*-) protecting against this order, and «ukiMiUaWc«atio^haabo*Rfory<rardeil."*•Immediately npon learning tho ©onooaaion* made in refer •noo to the occupancy of th*rXsl»nd. tho TerrUorUl officers there '•roro urged to respect tho tights of British subjects, and tho •oowrwtbooxhfc proper, in case of a violation of our law* by the laitcr, suswesied and «• adoption advised. Uelyinjc uponthe •well-known intelligence of onr official" there (both militaryand- civil) iti» coped BOeollblon growing out of the obaoxtoi!»"ord»»r "will occi»r. That, BMt«r anyfair construction of the treaty,the Inland kt ovma i» regarded a» heyond a doubt. Hence no fears of ite nrwt*«rrender aro entertained. Whether a n y legislation in•»oe«**erTforthepreservationofpeace,andtoupholdt!u>integ- rityofthe Territory,ponding thejoint ©cenpancy,is respect- fully »a»mlt;ed to jour superior wisdom."ripe, but a little management is required. orts.PROM UTAH.Correspondence of The Alia CaUforniau.Adios, son-back—mud. After a long and successful ruu of " thesea of Ice," during which the streets were thronged;GKKAT SALT LAKE CITT, U. T., Dec. 7, 1859. HOUSETHIKVRS.—Muleandhorsestealinghasbeon very extensively carried on of late, by organized bands ofthieves. Nolessthan54animalshaverecently beenrecaptured—sixteen ontheSantaClaraRiver, and38atXosVegasSprings. Themeninwhosepos-session they were Jound wore brought to thio city, a n d are now undergoing trial.though dn-t-beepattered spectators find great difficulty inwadingthroughthedisgustingstuff,theproprietors donotknowenoughtowithdrawtheunpopularpro- duction,andsubstitutethegoodoldstockperformance of"Clean.Streets,orPleasantPromouades."aJRryHxiri-MoBsTa.Coger,Tucker,BKnnan,McCarty,and ^zgtos-Davenport, Glover, Warren, O'Keefe. and Eager.AMUSEMENTS.—The past week wasone ofgreat?n&?*<ibyapetitionsigned by 75ladies in Oregon MISKP.AL?.—Therecentdiscoveriesofminesofcoal prosperity iorthe theaters andvarious ballsandsa- inthe'eity,130ofwhomareactuallyonthestrike.Jiiy and vkinity to appoint the 24tb of November as a on Weber River, and the successful working of the • »•dayofThanksgiving,refused;buttherewassomuch same,hascausedotherexploringand prospecting.par- loonsiuwhichthepublicareentertaiued. Niblo'a srmTribbfg on toe subject that he tuongut policy and. ties to search the surrounding mils* hut owing to the New Circus has been crowded day and evening;a presentation to the Colonel (Abel Smith) of a set of A CAIID FROM M R . FRANK DUFFY .—Mr. Frank Mariner, Rhode*, and C E . Gildersleevo. •, trappings, finely ornamented with tulver mounting*.The road over the " Big" Mountain isimpassable, andhas, inconsequenceof theStuart. Both houses bring out the play to-night.The Musciim, too, has gone Octorooning, and promi- ses a Bpeedy production of Zoe, Scudder a n d Pete. To-day, however, Mr. E. F. Taylor, the efficient stage manager, will have a benefit, offering in tho af-they attempted to escape byjumping from the window. The policemen were too quick for them, however, a n d after a slight struggle succeeced i n arresting thorn. I t was,then found that the prisoners had como fully pre- pared not only to accomplish the robbery, but to resist anyattackmadeonthem. Alargecleaverwasfound near the door,which was undoubtedly designed for use in case of a surprise. I n their possession were a variety of skeleton keys a n d other; instruments peculiar to their profession, beside a quantity of powder, designed,un- doubtedly, to blow open the safe in cage the keys failed to unlock i t . T h e safe contained $700 i n cash, while about £40 in pennies were locked in thedeak, all of which would eoon have been transferred to the pockets of the youthful thieves. T h e prisoners- gave then- names as Wm. O'Neil, aged 16 years, and Wm. Har-1C6 Broadway, ucknowle.»goa tho receipt of tho following dona- tions, this dny, January 21, 1860, lor the relief of the sufferers at Lawrence, Mass.:MissC. Goffthat it will be necessary to resuivey the whole of the former over again. Some few of the stakes were found, but much out of line. The present Surveyor- General has a n efficient corns of officers, a n d every reliance can beplaced upon their statements.At Camp Floyd business is brisk. T h e Quartermas- ter is reissuing "drafts, which are a great accommoda- tion to our merchants, beside keepiag the specie in the Territory.The weather for the last two days ba3 beenexces- sivefv cold, t h e thermometer *andix,g fifteen degrees below zero, and, as I cloee, a snow-etorm has set in, promising to well cover our plain.15 00 Meade, Belchor Titan15 00 Muirhead Ac Clark. 2500 VV«I1H4t Christie500Conklingir.Co Argafls 4t Co4cCorrespondence o f The- N. Y . Tribune.At the Palace Garden, Van Amhurgh's Menagerie *st.ill attracts its share of visitors.CAUGHT IN T H E ACT.—On Saturday afternoon ground, at a cost of $20,000. A small Park, boundedFROMMEXICO.Groves, T a y l o rNorthrop 4t4c Plant ......••...• 1 0 0 0 E d g a r , F a r r n e a Sc C o . . .YEKA CRUZ, Jan. 8,1860. "Wehave about the same record ofsuccessesandMORRISSEY A N D MuLLiGAN.-r-On Friday morning The White Captive, one of the most perfect works last the California exile, Billy Mulligan, was arrested of art ever jseen in this country, will be on ex- on complaint of John Morrissey, the prize-fighter. hibition only until Saturday next, at Schaus's Gallery, MorrisBey alleges that on Thursday night, Mulligan Broadway, j came into the saloon No. 676 Broadway, where some Solomon's Temple should b e seen b y everybody. word* -ensued between them, during which MulliganLetitia Williams, a young colored woman, entered the house o f George Haight, No. 246 West Twenty second street, while the familywereatdinner,and'stolefromthereasilkdress,twopair of pantaloons, ncoat and&ouie other articles of clothing, in all valued at $55 50. Mr. Haight came out just iu time to catch her going off with the articles and succeeded in arrestincher. Letitia was taken before Justice Cfcuackenbuiih, where she con- fessed the thett, and wus committed to answer.FALSE PRETENSES.—Henrv Smith,ayoungmanemployed as a clerk b y Alfred Hall, a, dealer i n cigirs, was ar- rested yesterday on a charge of obtaining goods under false pre- tenses. It ia alleged that Smith called at the store of A R. Thorp, No. 754 Broadway, and representing that h is employer had sent him lor Uquor and cigars succeeoed in obtainiog goods to the amount of $26. It being ascertained subsequently that Mr. Kail had not sent Smith for the articles; the latter was arrested aad committed for examination byJustice Quacken- bush.by Third street, Fifth avenue, Sixth street, and Fourtk avenue, wasalso selected,onthepetition ofcitizew*o ndefeatsNow one and now the-other has a momentary gain,eitherside oft h econtendingparties.of the neighborhood.adopted will now. go before the Common Council for their action.mA SHAMEFUL!CASE OE ABANDONMENT.—Jostle* Fox's court-room in, the Eastern District was crowded on Saturday by parties who had assembled to witness the examination of Charles A. McLaughlin, on a charge of abandoning his wife. McLaughlin, who represent* himself as an "artist," is about twenty-one years ofag<>, and has been in the employ of Meade Brothers, i« New-York. Some time in August last he married & young and accomplished lady, daughter of Charles F . Grimm, member of the New-York bar, and a gentle- man-of eome property* After his marriage McLaugh- lin went to Lee,:Mass., and spent a few weeks with am uncle, when he returned to Williamsburgh, and with. his wife lived a Bhort time with her father. After re- maining here for a fewweeis h e went with bert* boaidatahouseinSouthSecondstreet. Heremainedfollowed, however, by no permanent advantage.newMinisterofWTar,SeiiorPardearroyo, arrivedhere to-day from Mexico. . With his arrival it is expected theCabinet ofJuarez will take some decided a n d immediate action *>f a n effective char- acter, and that they will now. decide the question with regard to employing foreign aid. The Englishupon J erusalem and the Temple.Prof. FOWLKK commences a second course of lec- tures on Phrenology and Physiology in Hop* Chapel this evening.»UNLICENSED PREACHING.—A street-preacher named Edward Killop, while proclaiming his views from the steps of the City Hall to a jeering crowd, was arrested- for preaching without a license and conveyed to thoat liberty if |he would promise to cease preaching. declined to promise anything of the kind, but said iflongingbored sby" any such perBon, and finally had Billy ejected from the premises in a manner more haety than elegant. Next morning, pugnacious Mulligan was Ar-, rested and taken before Justice Kelly, o n complaint o f Moiriseey the bold, when the magistrate required him to give bonds in the sum of $1,000,. to answer the charge of assault and battery*0505 05051 1 0 420 206 <si 25 00400 300& 00 3 25 dition against this 'place-. Connected Yri.tu thisreport isanotherthattheFrenchareabouttosend a large fleet here, in connection with Spain, to enforce the demands of the latter under the lateBURGLARS, CAUGHT.—On Friday night, Martin there but a short time, and two mouths after his max riage deserteu his'wife, and refused to provide for herOS 450might,g0 fortb asthatofamartyr. Hisrequest was compliedwith,andhewas consignedto a cellinthe T o m b s .individualpointeda revolver attheblueuniform,and expressed a desire t o extemporize a n additional button-VA\ 500 treatymadebyAlmonte in Paris. Thearrivalofthis interesting juncture, a n d Billy the bravo was con-veyedtotheStation-Houseandlockedupforthenight. Being again taken before Justice Kelly, hewaaFACTORY, RBMOVBD to 16 Rond-st. Private Huir-Dyeing Rooms. BATCHKLOU'B HAIK-DYKIWG EsTABUHUMBjrr rem oved tothotebroughtbytheSt.Mwry's,weie<-tn«celedbythe ofabout$150. Noinsurance.Bradford,andmuchtohissurprise;thatthepayment ofthemoney,whichhehadwith him,amountingto about $i»00, was delayed only till a clerk could go to tho Sheriff's office to ascertain the amount of bis fees; that the captain, after waiting for some time, bacamewillheproperlycaredforbythemontheirintended vifit. Theconditionamidisciplineoftheabovecorps is excellent, and their-visit will be hailed with gratifi- cation and pleasure.nostrums, and forgot the virtues and efficacy of Mfi. M. N. CTAUDNBU'SiNOIAXBALSAlaOPLlVBKWOKTANDHOREHOCJTD whichcuresaU•manner ofLung Complaints, andhasprovedThursday morning next. After the marriage ofhis daughter,Mr.Grimm gaveherahouseandlot,andit is alleged that McLaughlin, finding thav, h e would not contnhute of his wealth to support him in idleness, determined to leave his wife and compel her to return to her father's hom<o. Considerable interest is mani-festedinWiiliamsburghinrelationtothecase.• • ' • " •CAPTURE OF A BURGLAR.—.John Thompson wasar-r»^ed early yest«rd*y morning, in the act of robbini the oi«C store of J. B . Thirsoa, in First street, n««r JOrand, E . D . E n - trance W M effected b y opening the front door by meaaa o f rd>- pers.and being dh*co\erodV tbo prourietor.wbo made m alann. Officer! \ an Dyke of the iTifth Precinct succeeded in captnr-yeonebt of Capt. Porter, who de.-ired thit the lineofnegoiiatkns marked out by him should reinnin intact. Therefore, Capt. Ewell merely paid bid compliments to the Governor, and started for the line the following day. On the 17th it-st. news \var,:tccivedhere (watch waspre<"um«dtobeeorcewbatexaggeratedinitntrau- «ition) to the effect that Capt. Ewell' w a s forcibly de-KIKE IN WEST TWESTY-KOl/KTH -STREKT. •On Saturday morning, about 3 o'clock, a fire broke out in the drving-room of thedye-houte of Messrs. McP>onjjal & (>ard»er, No*. 81 and 83 West, Twenty- founh street, s-nd before it could be extinguished, the sto«rkandbuddingweredamagedtotheamountof $1,500. Fully covered by insurance in ihe St. Nicho-nvaluable* I t may be found at all tho Druggists'. •[Advertisementjl,The alarm of firn on Saturday night WJOI occasioned<l)KteIvonthereceiptof thi« information, Capt.Por- H<»ry of No.153Hudson street. Damage.triflinir. irreproachable charace'; thatthetemptationtodoso'• epeK'ted—a cu cumswtnee so triv'ud m itself as t<^elicit, notThe dtbate upon the propriety of givng the annual broken. Theexpressbaggagecarwasturnedupside B.C.F.M.,istoberenewedto-night. ThePastor,Iter,mcompanywithViceCon*nlJ*arrdlyAluen,(ap- JoinWi'dey,foremanof.EngineNo.11,whileproceed-pointedbyCapt.Porter),waiteduponGov.Pew-iueira inglothefire,slippedandfellinthestreet,andwasr ($200)wasaltogetheriuade.quae,especiallyitshewasdown andthrown acrossthetrack. Althoughninegentlemenwereiuthecaratthetimenoonewasin-juredexceptMr. Maddigan,Express Agent, slightly. enoughtorequireit.beenrif.od,butnothingbntsomesmallchangetaken. »ANOTHERCOUNTERFEIT.—Anewcounterfeit$2butontteoSafetyFundBankofBostonwasputinolrcuUtionosa Ihnrsd&ynight.JamesLafferlyandGeorgeAndersonwerear- restedonth*.chargeofpassing spu:ious billsofthe abovede-nomination. They were held to answer.part ownerofthevessel which hecommaudod,and -returnedtoCapt.Eweli,andat-afeeecortprovid'/d fleshypart"ofhislegs.Hisiojuriesaienotconsidered thatbysucha'siephesacriiiceeagoodposition,thowiththedemandthatthemulesHould beimmediately runoverbytheengine,thewheel pasMug overthereadinessforuse,bhouldthecongregation belargebin* to the line, under penaltv of punishment by theofa^ari^enuischaracter. Hewasconveyedtohisres-esteem of his fellow-citizens at home in St. Andre ws,fit. Mark's. The Governor, having received only au idence in Spring street. •unreliable account of the aftair, offered to give Capt.where he bears a high reputation, and abandons, aboveThe first passenger car w as thrown down an em- banhment of twenty-five feet, but caught before reach-» •THE PARKS.—The Park Commissioners o n Fridayposted b y Captain Porter, requiring all American citi- .-aK-nstoreportthemselvesattheVice-Consul'soiiice,and receive their pa*spo»ts, in aniiupation of a n implieddo, find a sufficient quantity, of liquids and solids a t Albany to appease the cravings of their inner individu- als, but such was xot the case with the misguidedappearance of one who, dt midday, in the most popu- lous part of the town, started from one given point for'bombardment, to coouiience at noon.The 8t.Mary's threw out her kedge anchors,and George. Al'ti r a degree ofsuffering which makes himoccurrence.another within live minutes' walk, and never reached PERSONAL REN^ONTER IN WALL STREET.—Colonel been broken up and carried away hi pieces. Theby a heavy >train which w as exerted ou her cables -would have banted near the shore and presented a broadsidetothevicinityoithep-aza,buta receding tideleavingherintwoorthreele-etofmud,happily interrupted theexecution of this project, and soon af-hungry even to think of it, George found himself with "his foot once more upon his native bog/' and felt hirn- eelf"anaiveandtothemarrow bone." Prowling about Washington Market, his precarious pickings, pil-there? Among'theweeklypapersofthiscity,oneoftheMcCunn was on Saturday afternoon assaulted on the ownersin most instances reside out of the city,andetcpsofhisoffice,No.29Wall street, byCharlesK. noonebeingemployedto watch them,theyworedo- Grahftm,DeWittC.Grahamandanothermanun- moliehedwithimpunityandconvertedintofirewood.terward, in accoidance with the request of the Gov- fered from unsuspecting market-men, afforded himernor, the commencement of hosti'iues wan deferred, or rather the time of compliance extended, until 10 a. aan>of the next day, previous to which the entire de- 2nandwaeacceded*u><>yPesqueira.In the excitement occasioned by the expected storm- ing of the town, nearly ;-U the American citizeh3 in Ouayma» visited the Vice-Constil to procure pa*s- •porte. I t is a yi:rj singubar and mortifying fact, that t w o nstrvt-born 'American;*, w h o were willing t o »w<-artotheirnativity,andofwhose nationalityno doubtcculdenterthf-mindofafcenid'oleman,were emphatically discjaimed t>y the Vice-Oom-ul a« A nwri- cans,&iictheprotectionwhich'.heSi.Mary'n unouidJbaveatibrdectwasdeniedbyCapt..PortertoanAmer- ican who sought refuge nbo'sxd during the impending- bombardment.Private malice—than which nothing can be morecleverest and best is The N. Y. Mercury. Though known. They struck him in the back, but the Colonel Last week a boat worth between $300 and $400 was it has ajlarge body of Southern readers (itstotal circu- repelled the attack and got the beet of the enoounter. broken up and carried away. The Polico ofthe Third«oot'.mptn>le. whon displayed b y a Governmynt of- ia«, and s^Ne^l ni^ht-keya. The »u«peoU*l nejro rave hi* nan^A WHITE PORPOISE.—The steamship Patapsco, with a razor, so that the entrails fell upon the floor.ficer—was much more* influential in this narrow- nonvded course of conduct than tbo absence of the official documents to prove the assertions of the appli- **»ntafor aseititnce.Severalnaturabzedeitkenswereunhesitatinglyre- ceived aboard, and i t seems somewhat sevwre that in a port wb*eo Aznecie&na have sn fit red so much from tbe w«»t «f pcHccUoB, that whoa tueoor hineeded andaVJamesJohnson, andsays he liven atJSo. 17Sullivanstreet. He wus heldfor examination.Capt. Lavfield,from Portland,brings for exhibition a white porpoise, which: was caught in the Saginaw River. Itweighs2,360poundH,an\litisararespecimen oftheporpoise. ItwascaughtbythreeCanadians,by whomitwillbeexhibitedaasoonasasuitable place oan be found.Shehadbeendrinkinghardforsometime,andwasla- boring under a fit of delirium tremens at the time. Surgeon Ball, Dr. Cochrane, and several other phy- sicians,werecalledin,and,onexamination,they foundthatshehadcompletelycutofffivefeetofwhat ifl teimedth^tranaTereecolon, andaportioaof theilsomeconsolation forhissufferings at theCapital. Mr. Van Nostrand heard ofhis whereabouts, however,andlation, jwe believe, is. some 135,000 copies), it hasnever concealed its sympathy with the Republican pants in reference to contested seats in the Tammany them into custody. Their names are Thomas Klernan,nolly atthe Tombs, George admitted having taken the money, and was accordingly committed to answer.Ar.nxsTEn ON.SCSPICION—On Saturday night, about11o'clock,Serjeant l»ic»moncftheIletectrveforcearresteda colored wun whom he found in the vicinity of Centre Alarkot, lounginjcaloogwithasUBpkbuslv.well-tilledcarpet-bag. Th* negro niade no rosiitance, tut walked quietly with the orfioer till nearthePolice Headquarters,'whenhesuddenlydroppedtho carpet-r*fc and run down Elm street. T h o iaorceant followed bim aodufteranexcitingrunofb«Jfadosenblocks,thefugitive wa*»rre>t€d and safely locked up. On examining the carpet- bsgitwasfoundtocoutainaquantityofR-ntlomen'swearinx apparel table ClOtlia, ice. fn tho pockots of the prisoner were found sev.ualpnwn tickets, representing various article* of cloth-list of literary contributors includes some of the most popular names in the country.THE 'STEPHENSCASE—THELASTWRIT OFEIIROR QCASH'ED.—It will be remembered tlint some time since Mr. Ashmead procured a writ of error in the case ofJamesStephens,sentencedtobehungforpoisoning hiswife,withtheintention ofmovingforanewtrial, onthe:groundofnewlydiscoveredevidence. Thecase was argued before the Court of Appeals on Friday, and ou Saturday morning the Court rendered a decision quashing thewrit, Stephens will therefore beexe- cuted on the third of February, unless the GovernorDavid Hanley, John Kierhan,andMichael Roach. They were committed io await a hearing.FIREMEN'S BALL.—The Annual Ball in aid of thenoble Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the New-YorkFireDepartment,takesplaceattheAcademyofMueicthis evening. Everypreparationhasbeenmadetomake it more than ordinarily attractive. The claims portion of her intestines. A similar case occurred yes- of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund are too strong and terday morning in Brooklyn. A woman named MaryThe Potomac Eiver being now free of ice,the shouldintepoaeinhisbehalf. steamersfromthisporthaveresumedtheirregular<>''trips,theMountVernon leaving everySaturdayat3 o'clock.MURDER CASES.—To-day theCourt of Oyerand Terminer will be opened, and it is probable that a mur-mmais ieMM *0mmi&fflmffl! mmmmmm... • •- . t "W c have h a d mild and May-like weather for a fewdays past, tempting everybody from their hibernationtocomeout intotheglorioussunshine. Buitotheirjudge from tbastate of the houses.The Two Boweries have taken up the " Octoroon"—GeorgeChristy, t h e10 00 10 00/cation, appointedby the President; are as follows: realize her condition. ,Whether she will survive a o i Annval /T^rorT—Meesra.O'Keefe,Watorbury, Reynolds;,An- recover, as thoWestern woman did,remainstofrocontinual snow storms upon the mountains, not much Laura Kerne's " Heart of Mid Lothian" has kept thatnow in a perilous position iu toat State, required him to will be accomplished until Spring, when it is expected house more than full; the- la*t days of " The Oc- or five times, in Grand street, because of his attentions 7Frc« *T8c7tolarMpt—Messrs. Cavanagh, Reynolds, Wataon, the walls were quivering; and that tbej bulged in-the interests oftheDemocraticparty,-whichlatterisWhile the dance wasprogressing,itwasfound thatr e m e d y t o e e r r o r , e v e n t h o u g h l a t e , &o h e i s s u e d t h e followingrxoct^STATION.t h a t o t h e r h i d d e n t r e a s u r e * w i l t b e b r o u g h t t o l i g h t . t o M r s . D . , t h i n k s t h a t w e h a v e d o n e h i m i n j u s t i c e ,The news of tho Carson Valley mines, with theirrich- toroon" brought a n increase of patrons to the Winterlie^s,willhaveatendencytoinspireasearchlorsimi- Garden;theexcellentcomediesatWallack'skept' andrequestsustoprintthefollowingcard*R b o d e s , a n d D . B . G i l d o r e l e e v e . , , . ,Printing— Messrs. Eager, Farr, Fakman, Brennan, andJYlc- wardly to the extent of nearly three inches. The offi-Bo it known that, In conform!'y with the wishes of marly citi- :*enaofOreg'n,1coappoint ands«tapartThursday,the 29thlar riches in tL?s part of the Territory. That gold andthat house in a state of overflow; while the Easternto the Editor of the tribune in your issue of friday Annval Estimateand Apportionment—Messrs. Benedict, Begg,cers,withoutdesiringtocreateunnecessaryalarm, placed the Regiment on the center of the floor, scad thus forced the dancers to the skies, which badtb*20thyoudomogreat injusticebystileingmeakeeper; day of Deoember, 1859,aa aday tobekept for public thanksijiv-- much of it. Sixmine* of good bituminous coal are Theaters,and Minstrels everywhere shared liberally in of a <dance.boue thoieby leading my frinds and theStafford, Cavanagh, McCoy. • ,_•irg, to bo observed thronghout the State in such manner M the good citizens thereof may deem most appropriate.Gtv*n under my hand at Eocene City, this 5th day of Decem- ber. Us59 JOHN WHITKA.KJSR.idence The refusal of >heNational Legislature to pay pack anircais. The road all along, from this city *o the the war debt has hurt the pecuniary sensibilities of the South Pa«s, is in bad condition, with deep enows. T h e Oregoniana very severely. They are now plotting to road west is still open and good. .giveaboutone-tenthoftheirscriptoobtainthepay- Businessis-verygood. Merchantsaredoingafair-silveraboundinUtah,noonedoubtswhohasseen;',ThB Mfme night, Mulligan, t h e expatriated, again presented himself at No. 676 Broadway, where he Tombs. JuHice Connolly offered to set the preacher again encountered'Morriseey, and a whirlwind of hard18 S Lattack Vera Cruz. This, however, Is mere bluster.Hehasnotthemeanstogetupaformidableexpe- himselfinfavorofbeinglockedup,BOthathisname calledintparrestthebreezyBilly,whenthelattercare about his liberty. On the contrary, h e expressedular. Officer Oliver of t h e Fifteenth Precinct w a sthe windo rra arid securedjon entrance, and on departing with theirboofywerearrestedbyGflicerWildey. Justice.Kelly locked them both up to answer.2d of December made complaint before Justice F o x forabandonmentanddesertion. Onthiscomplaint McLauf-hlin w*ia arrested, and when brought before Justice Fox wah permitted to g o o n his parole, to ap- pear forexamination. 1Estead of making his appear- i n g h e l e f t t h e S t a t e , a n d r e m a i n e d a w a y u n t i l t h e 1 4 t h . intt., when he was arretted.Several witnesses were examined on tile part of t h e prosecution on Saturday, and letters put in evidence written by tho defendants Iris wife, m which bede-BRADFORD.—Nothing has yet beeil learnedtoexplainthemysterious disappearanceofCapt. Bradjfoid.been found of him, and his vessel went to sea two orthree days' since in charge of the mate, as it seemednucleustokeepherwaiting longerforhermaster.The detective police have been appealed to to exercisetheir utmost vigilance to ascertain what had becomeoftheunfortunateman.Thusfartheyhavebeencomp]e«ely;bafllea. They can leam nothing beyondt h e f a c t t h a t h e c a l l e d o n M o n d a y a t t h e o f f i c e o f alawyer, atj 1o'clock in the day, to discharge an execu- cluded to visit New-York in June next. This corpsNot the slightest trace whatever hasdidthehonorstoCompanyF,oftheEighthRegiment, chandler,withoutnoticeofanysuchintentiontoCapt. ontheirNiagaraand Canadatourthelast season,andtionagainsthiBvessel,takenoutatthesuitofaship-Millionsarewasted bythose whobuyvtorthlesa cationofCounsel,theexaminationwaspostponeduntilatid that since that time he has utterly disappeared, leaving no trace behind him. That h e m a y have ab- sconded, is, of course, nor impossible, but against thisfew miles of New-Haven, on account of the breakingof the axle of the driving-wheel, just after leaving Mil-BROOKLYNITEMS.ford. The speed of the train could not he arrested until•even its mention during the captain's i-tay here. Imme- by the bumir-g of a window curtaia in the second supposition aro tho facte that, ho has hitherto borne an the tender-trucks were thrown from the track and missionary collection of Plymouth Church to the A . lum the burglar before he left the store. The money-dr*wer ha*portance which vwli soon be brought to triaL- A large numberofjurorsaresummonedtoattend.STRIKE OF THE GERMAN PRINTERS—The German printers in.this city determined, on Saturday, to strike for the same rates as the wages paid in the English offices. A ll the principal newspaper and book pub-drews, and Brenuan. «•«.-.•', „.., „ -. . „ NewSchool*—Meaors.Green,Stafford,Shine,Gomd,andMo- Bitot and School Hoi/«r»—Tuttle, Cantfell, Potera, Byrne, aad'' .' - • • •• • ' • - '••'. ' - : • - " •and Broadway bloomed like a flower-bed, the Corpora-tion manncurs have brought out ''the sea of mud/' and lishers have been respectfully appealed to, and have Benedict, and MoOnire. . • ' _ , _ ,refusedtoaccedetothedesiresoftheprinters,prefer-ringtheirbufcineestobebroughttoastandetill. Theieries. ThefuneraliserviccawereheldatSt.Jooa'» Episcopal Church. Mr. Hall, who was fonooeriy a Ser- geant in the City Guard- died at Santa Crux, W . I , fat Maylast. Hisbodywaspreservedandbroughtt» BrooklynattheexpenseoftheCompany.a i •THE ST A TE ARSENAL.—The Thirteenth Regimen* had a drill and a dance a t the State Arsenal, iai Port- Timaon, "Peters,and land-avenue,onFridayevening,beingth*occasionofvarious German daily papers in tho city therefore will S]*y'-La\ci, PvUt.andRcg^ationt-Uesnn.not, it is said, make their appearance until such time as thepricesaskedforareaccededto.Theprintersarenow in continuous session a t Pythagoras Hall, Canal street, near Bowery. There are about 150 German printersGreen, Benedict, and Glover.f„~.t^r vmrD0S&c»'andQfflcM-t/Lenn. Peters, D.H.Gildersleere, Duffy, who last week shot at Mr. Jas. McCarty, four Z,Vor«ri«*-Me«sr«. McGoire, MeUger, Dougherty, Begg, anaNARROW ESCAPE or MR. BARNUM.—Mr. P . T . B ar-cow open and being worked. The coal is worth $10 the general prosperity. Hence Batamine managers public, to .believe rong tne ladies and gentlemen who. num was nearly suffocated, a night or two since, in effect ofdimimshihg the springing motion ofthe walls.pertnn;firewoodiasoldatfrom§8to812percord. havegrownhilarious,andastonishan incredulousSNOW AND BUSINESS.—The snow on the mountains world by actually proving that they can smile. east is reported to be from fourteen to twenty feet deep.Thisweekwearepromisedtwonewplays. Atthe Winter Garden to-night Matilda Heron's new play orad»pta!ion of''.Lesbia" will be presented. The cast includes Miss Heron, Mrs. Allen, James W . Wallack,. GeorgeC.Jordan,Jamieson,Johnston,andothers.At Wallack'» on Tuesday evening Mr. Lester's drama of " The Romance of a Poor Young Man" will be pro- duced, bringing into,the cast nearly all the excellent company.patronisemyschoolarehardworking people thatconsequence of having neglected to turn offthe Dancingwassoonaftersuspended. TheMajor-Goa-. "register" in his sleeping room, the house being heated eral, in addressing the Kegimeut, advised them n o t t o . bv a fwrnace. The room was small, and windows anddoorsbeingclosed,therewasnoventilation,Mr. marchinquicktime,whendrillinginthebuildingwants to lern to danceyoursFRANK DUFFY 7th wardh o l e t h e r e i n .A n o t h e r o f f i c e r c a m e t o t h e r e s c u e a tT O U P E Et oMorrissey.T h elalterobjectedt obeingTHE REPUBLICANS OP BROOKL YN ORGANIZING F O RA FAST YOUNG ERRAND-BOI.—On the 26th ult., ture is that he has fallen into the hands of someof Hul and the vther at Ridgewood. The Common Council i» y *all, a wife and children. A far mora probable conjec- ing the hottom. The second passenger car was thrown' THE CAMPAIGN.—The Fourth Ward Republican Asso- might last adopted the proposed two large parks—ono onPro»pe*CHermoeillo, but could not *ee the justice iu a require George Tapty, a boy sixteen years old, in the employ uponitti side on abridge over a Binall creek, and the ciation of Brooklyn met on Friday evenings the 20th to couiuru this action.'Ewell a mule, and to guarantee his entire safety inment ofsuch escort as Cape. Porter demanded should thoEe desperate villains with which this city abounds, truck was destroyed. The third and fourth carBre- instant, and elected unanimously the following officer*: ^Jbefurnished,andrefascdIOj<rautit.Thecaptainand ofJacobVanNostrknd,No.100Princestreet,aserrand-andwhojarereadytocommitthecrimeofmurdsrfor mainedonthetruckuninjured.Theengineranabout A.B.Hanee,President;H.H.Lloyd,Vice-Presi-BURGLARCAPTURED.—Aburglarwasdetectedurnentering the window of Dr. Otto Rolton in Court-sL on Ths daynigbt. HeVasarrestedandlockeduptoawait<,VieerCcnnui took leave of the Governor very abruptly, andimmediatelyan>cketwa*notoffatti>econsulate, whichwasthesignalforthei-hip'sbeatstocome ashore,fullyarmen Thesignalwas obeyed,andsix boatK, conuuning al>out one hundred uien, were neat fromtheship,butfori-ome reason thecaptain'a iirat •deeign wa« abandoned, and the men, instead o t being,permuted to land and " take the town,'' were remana- *«dtotheve*eel.boy, boot-black, etc., stole from his employer the sum of $155 in carfi, with which be staated for Albany. Hereheenjoyedhimselfa=i longashismoney lasted, and fully devoted bis mind to a jolty holiday spree. Hewokeupwiththeadvontof1860minuscash,situa- tion, frients, and conscience, with a severe headache, andanempty,unappeasedstomach. Membersofthea-muchsmallerbootythan-$200inmoney. Heisde- twohundredyardsaheadofthebaggagecarbeforeits dent;J.C.Duryea,Secretary;T.G.Shearman,Cor- scribeda'samanofaboutfiveandfortyyearsofage, velocitycouldbechecked.Therewere250passengers responding'Secretary;Geo.I.Bennet,Treasurer^the week,orwhether heisetilhhere,unlessitbein On themorning oftho 18th,a proclamationwas Legislatureandlobbyparasitesmay,andundoubtedly concealment. Andsupposing somuchtobecertain,ofstoutbuild,andwithdarkeyes,huir,andwhiskers. If the detective system Li good for anything, it should, by this t}me, b e positively known whether a man so marked jn appearance as he has left the city withinThe Republicansof thiw ward have also elected an energetic Executive Committee, and are determined to probecute the campaign with vigor, soas to carry the ward with an overwhelming majority in November next. .BREAKING UPA CANAL-BOAT.—Duringthepresent Winter three or four canal-boats which have been hauled up in Gowanua Creek, near Penny Bridge, haveNEW-JEESJSZITEMS.Untitled Documenttoowellknowntoneedcommendation. theAcademywillbecrowded.UndoubtedlyDougherty,widowofthe late DanielDougherty, a butcherbyoccupation, residing atNo.129-Court street, rear of Pacific street, ripped open her bowels*Sdu>>>l Fvmiture—Messra. Glover, Maion, Cavanagh, Rhode*, turned out yesterday, with a full band of music, an<t escorted the remains of the Late Cbirlee F , Hall W^Warminc and Vtntilation~-1ftwr*. Crozler, Marriner, Shine, their final resting-place in one of the New-Yojrk coato*'A&n<r-iA<*»x*. Dougneity, Warren, Stone, Gould,and Watorbury,Coger,Lydecker,Crozier,F^r- ley, Andrews,andShine. Farr.Watson, Reynolds,'Gregory,Election*andQxu,liftcati07ii-Me«nn.YOUTHFUL BURGLARS.—Between 12 and 1 o'clock Barnum found himself unable to walk on awakening thus implying that it w as not safe under all cJrootBK on Saturday morning officer Dennetti of the Twenty- in the morning, and although now moving about, he stances- Many of the members are determined not*•second Precinct, while o n duty in Tenth avenue be- has n o t y e t entirely recovered from.the effects of h is attend drill in that building hereafter.• negligence. This, in connection with the recent fataltweenForty-EecondandForty-thirdstreets,discov- caeesatHaverhill,Mass.,shouldputourcitizensou itasunsafe,*mdliabletofall.They cowitot ;":•', ,<SIR: Allow me to call your attention to a report inLaura Kecnc will continue " The Heart of Mid Lo- pected that burglars were at work inside, and he called the city itemsof THK TBI»VNK of the 12th Inst, of a railroad diseases were, Bcarlet fever, 24; consumption, 1%thian" for a month or t*ro. JNib/owillcontinuethoCircusindefinitely,ifwemayuccioent o n t h e Harlem Railroad, between Pleasantville a n dto his assistance officer Stoker. Looking through the Cnionvijle- It is represented that tho c f s tnrned.quite over croup, 10; inflammation of the lungs, 12; measlet, &. -door theofficials discovered twoyoungmeninside, withoutinjuringanyofthe'passengers. Wasthereportinten- Underoneyear ofage, 26. Nativesofthe Unite* tionallv false, or couM It be possible that it escaped the noticeone of whom was"in the act of prying open a desk of every one there at the time that at least one ot tne pa>senaers, States, 108; Ireland, 8; Holland, 4; British America,.J O. *eriUBOn of Pl«aB«ntvillo was not able to proceed any -with a jimmy, while the other was trying to open the further, and" was ohliRed to get a carriage to convey him borne,England, France, Norway, Scotland, and Switzerland, Bowery senior having bought a copy from Mr. Bour- ly Bafe by means of false keys. The officers made a rush where he has lain ever since, aufferlnp extremely from that same 1 each.cicault, while junior gets the same thing from M r. *for the thieves, when they repeated up stairs, wheresmash up, which yonr reporter said injuredno one? • . •A passenger ou the train. J. O. r£<.ttA*UsUK. Plcatat.iviUe, Jan. 19, I860.-•Am FORLAWRENCE.—Mr.1 John H. Watson,NolTHE PARKS.—-The Park Commissioners at their rla*k meeting adopted the report of the Committee in favor of selecting t w o large parks a n d a parade-gTOund* The first, or Prospect Park, is to be bounded by Doug- lass street, Washington avenue to the city Hneoa Montgomery street, a n d thence southwesterly i n * straight line to the intersection of the city line and Ninth street; Ninth street, Tenth avenue, a n d Thir4 street, to the center of the block between Eighth a*4lNmth avenues; 'thence northerly in a line parallel with Ninth avenue to Douglass street; thence easterly along Douglass street to Washington avenue, the placeternoon "Cool a s a Cucumber,"and " Magic Toys;" and in the evening " A Husband to Order" and '•Aladdin." The beneficiary hasthe assistance of several artists from other theaters. F o r the remainder cf the week, the " Ited Banger."And still agjun the Octoroon..presiding genius a t Niblo's Saloon, has got a burlesque " Moctorocn" to do to-night, in which the chief points of the famous original will be produced in caricature. See it.•The Chatham AmpkitlccaUr gives a melange of Hordes, Clowns, and Negio Minstrels.The Broadway Boudoir presents now pieces to- night, in which the talented Webb Sisters do the lead- ing parts. W e notice some improvements i n the com- pany. J 'ItisattheoldchurchinNinthstreet,eastofBroad- drewarevolverfromhisbreast,andthreatenedto way. To-night the Kev. J. P . Thompson lectures blow an uncomfortable hole through tho gizzard be-25 00-( "2 5 0 0 Morgan, 2 5 l > 0 & < ; o .Rrr«a * Qnackenbush" Sketches in India,"Cafh...Bradley & H o w e H a r d t &. C o C-IUjil #••••»•••••W# jf, JL •••*••*•iu. £'•...••••*•• J•V/a«*••••"«•**'Oath, $5, tfclO.. Keusely, Stout 4tKel-10J4K- ...*..*.....***** D. Cobgrovei-j , D. vt. W............. Do Forrest, Armstrongris, aged 18.which wouldundoubtedly procured them a n entrance. T h o prison- ers were taken before Justice Kelly a t Jefferson Mar- ket, who committed them to answer.G. W.GriswoldQuackeubueh & CoPlace &YoungG. S.WilliamsCash, $8,$1,$1David A. CarlinPer W m . B . Noithrop, enq.: Kirtland, NorthAmong the skeleton keys was found one unlock t h e front door, and which hadRemaining Jan. 18Admitted to Jan. 20... Discharged, cured or relieved.. 31 Died.....Remaining at date00 000 0 0020 00 160Cash.$5,$5,$5,$5.. 2000..$100 00|A.P . Ransom.r:/WT >11Cornell Broa. & Co..5000 A. ic.H Brown it Co...5 00 1000avenue and the Reservoir, 267 acres. The cost of tb# property will be about $1,000,000. T h e second P a r k recommended and adopted was Ridgewood Park, con- taining 520 acres, 115 acres of which are now occupied by the Evergreen Cemetery Association, and 48 acres above the Reservoir are now owned by the city. T h e value of the land to be purchased is estimated at £2C0,0C0. The Committee also selected aplatof ground containing 2 5 acres a t \ East New-Y ork for a parade-20 00 W . H . Livingston ,4c ThroughS.W.Van Santvoord: v/O »....?...»..»•»•••• 1000Michael Gibn«y100 Meade, Stowoll 4c Co... 5 00 Chapel, Eacker 4c Dow- 500 ioY» •••••*•••••••••*** 3 00 H. N.Searer10 00500 1000 25005 005 00 1 0 0 0500 N. N.Knapp8 00 Hubbard 4c OillottLONDON CLUB SAUCE.—This unrivalled Sauce,Mulligan IshoWuhfierT^ndjJ to tiie extont of $1<>OOQ theijagentinthiscity,A.J.PARKBB.NO.15Beekman-st. This herwith d^option, &c. Richard Busteed,esq.,ap-to answer a t Special Sessions. W e understand that manufactured by PAKKEK Baoa., London, can b e obtained o f clared hie intention oi abandoning her, a n d ohargingCompany,knownastheVieleGnard.,ofBuffalo,under t h e c o m m a n d o f C a p t . C h a r l e s W . R o g e r s , h a v e c o n -•S, !'Miffions of Bottles of Mrs. WTNSLOW'S SOOTH-nre Slav? are now nsed every year In the United States forACCIDENTONTHENEW-HAVENRAILROAD.—TheChfldrenTeething,withnever-idlingsuccess. Reliefislroxn»« impatient,; and left for the office of the charterer of New-Haven train from this city on Saturday afternoon dtlate and certain. On)y 25 cent* a bottle.?grfioleissuperiortotheWorcestershireSauce,andcanbeoh: tained at one-half the price.tAdvert&emeat]a-IWANTTO$EHBALTHY,WEALTHY,HONOR- ABLE,ANDHAPPY."—A Phrenological ExaminationatFOWLBB 5cWELUS', 808 Broadway, will reveal your defects and how to c o r r e c t t h e m — y o u r t a l e n t s , a n d h o w t o u s e t h e m t o a d v a n t a g e .[Advcrisement.]pearedforthedefendant,andinthecourseoftheex- anjiration several scenes occurred between, ^ r a V - Belf and the Court ^ o r 6 amusmgHnan coTrrolimen^ arytoCounsel;AtlastamotionwasmadebyMr. Busteedtodismissthecomplaint,onthegroundthatit was made by the wife, who could not prosecute the c h a r g e . T h e a p p l i c a t i o n w a s g r a n t e d , b u t a n o t a e r complaint having been made by Officer Frederick Cochen,hewasatoncerearrested,andthen,onappli-Mr.Beecher,istospeak. TheChurchistobeiuSHOCKING SELF-MUTILATION.—The republished,fromaWesternpaper,thecaseofanold womunwhohaddisembowledherself,andcutoil*aother day w et&seen.MILITARY FUNERAL.—The Brooklyn City Guar**,'-CITY MORTALITY.—The total number of deaths-m this city last week was 126, of which 33 were adoha, 93 children; 67 males and 59 females. T h e principal10001000 ofbeginning—containing250acres,andwithFiatbuakTh* report of the Committee w»v-•*'•• •" is Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 