 reie>%toad the resolution read for information. If any one nothing objectionable, as it would be prepared desired to discuss it, he would consent to let it lie over. under the direction of a Committee of theMr. KEITT (Dem., S. C.) rose to reply to some of Republican party. That Committee had put forth aprotect ourselves. He withdrew the resolution, as itcould.not be acted on in the present condition of the.A i1 i4!and closedpatriotismof thenationwouldrweubhnuVkAet*hfce*m**a*d'*ex~—hib"iv-: intheirownhands,aridyeVta®yna* failed to carry- Massachusetts during the Revolutionary Istruggle., cantnodof tine head,-1wiflJ7°**^ beeaoneof ray• ^m^mmiNew-Mexico as such as any honest man would give to•• /••%•6r e t e ^ ^ x ^ r e t a l i a i e d by sons who will not dishonor pre«ented to the country and the world for th Not a man of that party except Brown himself was f books. [Laughter.] (He was understood to say that A resolution was offered, recommendiug au earlierm&ffeJorcd a dissolution of the Union did « * » * » £ ? brows, they represented interests, opinions, and senti- at S e e t h e Capitol, but were ready for **!&*** ments as varied as the regions in which they lived.Seward, would aare to come to the South to inter/ore. He Was for giving the South an opportunity to reclaim tion of American industry. IBut from year to year they had beaten the drum -Of < t&eir slaves. He oelievcd the law of 1850 unconstitu- The ninth resolution favors a Homestead law. Abolition in the Pulpit and the Press, in season tional, yet so long as the decision of the Supreme- The tenth resolution condemns the action of the so- and out of season; teaching the rising generation1., Court remains he would respect it.that Slavery is a curse. Young Coppic, who Mr. CLEMENS said that Mr. Stevens had in former atives at Washington, and approves of the course pur- wasexecutedat Charlestown wept at the sight of yearsproposedasthepolicyofthe Republican party suedbytheRepublicansofthatbody.the happy groups of negro slaves in the streets, and to surround the Slave States with a cordon of tire, so The eleventh resolution approves of tho call for the paid he had been taught to believo they were miser- that like the scorpion slavery might sting itself to death.able, ill-used, and ready to clutch at any chance for- Did thogentleman make a remark of that kind ? comprehensive to unite all opposed to the policy of the freedom. Upon whose head was the blood of Coppic? I Mr. STEVENS replied that if he did it was in the Administration.ciated Press to continue their-express arrangements for several weeks longer. The America's- news, now nearly duo at Halifax, will be expressed io.thia place, sis heretofore; but the arrangements, here continue of such a character that it ia-ouite imposaibis for ttie spec- ulatorstoanticipateihopublicreportatwiypointwest*of this station.,*.The Harper^ Ferry laLvesttaatia*: Conuninee.OLKV»iAN»j Wednesday, Jan* 2fy 186&. U. S. Marshal Johnson was in Ashtabula.county yes- tarday to sarve a summons on Joshua R. ^Vidding* and-kh : 'National Convention at Chicago, regarding it as amplyI A.nized the fact that, coming from dhTeront and distant parts of this vafct Confederacy, some from the rude hillsoftheNorth,somefromtheever-bloomingplains of the South, some from the broad Western prairies, and others with the spray of either ocean upon theirThev had been deluded by the assertions of; the Re- turn to the record he would find that he (Stevens) voted in office, and to restore peace and good government to connection with the private news speculators, and by publican leaders, that they would not interfere with ha the negative en the law of I8t>0. AS to its repeal or our country by the election of a president the opposite a nearly unanimous vote turned-them oat of office, yet"H*^jWWiif) tdifrwnnthat Mr. Sherman «haH not be electedthe enemr of human progress.recounted the hope to beai down thV Bepnblicanparty^to" whichthey chC18?^8 nien, or to the people, behind them,, to,-•*wtfW-,Botelerdid,Speaker, withont assigning any proper reasoD, it » not probable' bis friends will yield to that insultingmenace. \I f Mr. Etheridge's suggestion to vote two weeks Union into fragments; and proclaiming, in the languagewithout' speaking, which seemed to he acquiesced of Jackson, " the Union must and shall be preserved." During his speech, Mr. Wilson read an extract in, be followed, practically important steps toward from the speech delivered by Mr. Ivorson (Dem., Ga.) an organization wiB have been taken. in Georgia^ in which it was said that" the condition of the African slaves of the South was better thanMessrs. White and Dawson, two Democratic He did say that African Slavery improved the condi- candidates for Governor of Pennsylvania are now tion of the poor white man. but he did not say any-should assemble on that spot fifty years from that best way to sail the ship, and the nManingof the day. It was his pleasure to be present at the reas-:i Erie to be tolled is not to exceed the length* of the Mr. STEVENS—I don't think they ever Will, Central.Mr? FLORENCF^repeated his questionj to which Mr. CONNELLY maker*? minority report- diagont- i Mr. STEVENS replied. If my colleague, and five iDflrentirely from the majority report.here. The Administration has favored the former, thing about " Northern white slaves."Mr. WILSON was glad to hear the denial.chart. They all agreed that the ship was originally semblsge, when three old men, the survivors of thatbuilt to be, under Providence, the life-boat of the band, gathered on tho spot, and he heard the story ofworld, and they had been, from time to time, saving their/march from their own lips. How they made their other men, get a little sick, and step, out of the Housesthongh professing neutrality. John Covode can beat either by 30,000 majority, and put the State b e y o n d a l l d o u b t i n N o v e m b e r .THE MEXICAN TREATY.Mr. CLINGMAN (Dem., N. C.) said Massachusettsfor the last seventeen years, had nullified the FugitiveS l a v e l a w . M e n h a d t o t a k e o a t h s t o s u p p o r t t h e C o n -stitution, and the laws of that State require a man to these had come swimming and crying for succor. periure himself before he can hold office there. In Tbey had saved them all, and given them aThe Committee reported adversely on Mr. Gardner's bill, amending the law relatinaPtoTailroads in the City o f N e w - Y o r k . • \ • •. , : . ; • ' - * • • »and Mrs. Doane, at Perugia, and show the final set- Then Garrison was the teacher of the Senator, and tlement of that affair by Cardinal Antonelli. Garrison had avowed, " No union with slaveholders;" No formal proposition has been made by Spain for "The Constitution is a covenant with death and anthe settlement oi our claims against her, but ner dis- agreement with hell;" but he believed there areposition, as recently expressed, is considered highly in the Bay State enough' Democrats to-day to favorable to that result. drive back hand to hand these men. He argued thatOup-Govenrment has received no dispatches from the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts was anEngland for the last two weeks in relation to the Son encouragement to John Brown. It was the language Juandifficulty,whichitisagreedonallsides,willsoon ofonewhoseekstocarrywarintoaneighboringunited action against these mutineers, whom they all resolution he introduced this morning for expelling the deny that they have had a fair hearing; thev might be Mr. MANNIERRE gave notice of a \ bill+for the better recognized as their enemies ? He had no practical reporters of TheN. Y. Herald from the galleries, was in collision with the "irrepressible conflict," and government of the Common Schools c4 New-York. suggestion to offer, but he did protest against the based on the outrageous attack in that paper on mem- might ran their ploughshare in the ruins of a dismem- Mr. McLEOD MURPHY gave notrt « of a biU for continuation of this mofat unnecessary discussion. bers of this House. He presumed that every man had bered country, as had been said. They had' been the establishment of five district- Co* rts, with sum- He had been disposed to keep silence for either seen or heard of it. He was free to say it was fully heard. He presumed no gentleman had come to mary powers for the iccoverv of thewi *g©» of labor-approach a settlement.On tie vote to-day for Speaker, Mr. Sherman wasshould do injustice, he had obtained a certificate fromthe telegraph operator, with the consent of the Re-porter, in which it was said that these words were notcontained in the House report of Monday, as prepared you will have a Speaker to preside with dignity and by the reporter, for the Associated Press. Those in- reasonable fairness, and the Union will endure for terpolations have placed me in a veiy disagreeable°po- twelve calendar months after the election. [Laugh-supported by his friends as formerly in a solid column.jrether with Messrs. Clark of Missouri, Dejarnette, ing over the future. He would preserve the Union Keitt, Pryor. Smith of Virginia, and Taylor, Demo- which our fathers established, but could not sacrificesition with members. Mr. Ashmore said that that ter.] H we get into a general debate, we shall have reporter had made a fair, candid, and impartial, report more excitement. He appealed to Ids own friendsof the proceedings—but in it had been interpolated, in and to the Republican and Democratic parties.crats. Mr. Davis of Indiana received six votes, and his honor or consistency. The Disunionists are thoseone oi the leading journals, a most vile and in- famous assault on the gentleman from Virginia (Prjor), such as ho had never known to be made onmany questions which are before us. Ttustia g that I Mr. BOCLIGNY wanted to know who Mr. Eth- may rely upon your sustaining aid and*asen tance, Itwenty-seven votes were divided among twelve other who sap the foundations of the Government. The gentlemen. South never sought to demolish it, and the history ofvent to his indignation, _ and his mind had any gentleman in any quarter of the world. It be-eridge called his friends ? He had appealed first to the JDemocratic party, and then to the Republican party, and his friends.Mr. ETHERIDGE was glad the question had been asked. He claimed every man for his friend who has an honest face, and who .could read and write, and speak the English language, and who does not spell Constitution with a K. [Laughter.]Mr. BOULIGNY (S. Am., La.), who speaks with a French accent, replied that his friend did not include him, because he did not speak the English language, anddidnotspellConstitutionwithaK. [Laughter.]Mr. ETHERIDGE replied, "O, yes, he would recognize the gentleman from Louisiana as a friend with as muchpleasure as he would any one.Mr. DAVIS (Miss.)—Let us stop talking, and have a vote.Mr. ETHERIDGE said he would justify everybody in everything which had been said, provided it would hot be repeated. [Laughter.]Mr. HINDMAN (Dem., Ark.) wanted to know whether the Anti-Lecomptonites were not to be a par- ty to the compact.Mi. ETHERIDGE thanked the gentleman. When they were indulging in a repast they always reserved the best things to the last. Those outsiders have played the part of Ishmaelites, and only spoke whenhope to be enabled to discharge the deities- jwa tly and impartially. Adjourned.ASSEMBLY. IMr. MILIdKEN) from the Judiciary Com* ittee,reported favorably OH the bill to regulate the TOL te of interest or forbearance of money..Mr. BINGHAM reported favorably the billamea ding; the law designating holidays.Mr. GARRETSON gave notice of a bill relation a to dockage on the Hudson River.Mr.A.A.MYERSgavenoticeofabillto-redace the rates of ferriage on carts and • other vehislee-eait the Brooklyn ferries;Mr. COOPER gave notice of a bill to prevent t h e adulteration of lard. _ /The bill to authorize the Trustees of Columbia Co 1- lege, New-York, to take and hold real estate,, wn» parsed.Mr. FLAGLER reported a bill. to compel' couatj * Treasurers to pay over, public moneys promptlyf or r e - quiring^them to pay interest on the same.Mr. DORSCH gave notice of a bill to extend the* time for the collection of taxes in 1860; and Ms. Mil*— LDXEN of a bill providing for the suspension and r e - moval of certain officers.Information has been received here that a resolution the Government would show that fact. The Senatorgone back to that dark night when he wiped came the duty of the House, however innocent thewas introduced into the Senate of Mississippi on the 18th from Massachusetts should not arraign the Sonth, especially South Carolina, while his own State nullifiedthe cold death damp from toe brow 'of reporters may be, to expel them entirely, and notinst., to *«end a Commissioner to the Legislature of a constitutional law. He defended the legislation ofa dying friend. He believed it would be allow them to go from them as authorized. If the shown by the investigation now in progress that this—« B M ,brTinr»-itiwrongs it hadbad perpetrated in Kansas and elsewhere, all, no doubt honestly profeesedf opposition. Com- put ;av^n this sectional party, for Jcffferson; Qonnty,bt.Hehadwmm^SS^&s^^ml^mI bj expressing the hope that the intelligent bined together; they had a majority and the power Virginia., was the,;first to, send Southern troops, to wasnot one. Ah! he safe* Sfgg *wri>*nd a U & pfjmimqnirii^ the Canal Board totivf 4 4 ^ S S S # t Stion of folly and fanaticism which would shiver theout what they professed av, 3 d o u 8 l y t o d e s i r o - Thii" Not more ihan a rifle shot from his own residence waswas because they had allows d party prejudice and the rendezvous of those gftllant men, at the base of a VX1&'vSoi&C^ rejoined..party pride to interfere with tbi** patriotism; There hill where £ beautiful spring wells up in the sunshine, me mcorrigible.would be no election resulting in " i e success of that and there, on the 10th of June, 1775, assembled that . Mr. STEVENS^-I dare say no*side of the House, unless tit ere wis^ a «or<hal and a band of heroes, and their rallying cry was, " A bee Mr. FLORENCE—My colleague spoalr^about the way freight, and on all through freight only on the hearty union. They were all on the K^me glorious old line for Boston." "Their own homes were safe, hut opinion of the White Houser I ask a mafSwmattcal Erie road ano! its branches, ahd on Ihe Rome aud ship which their fathers bttilt \and Jt&unched a sister colony was hi peril, and they marched to the question: How is it possible, with even the power of Watertown road, as is kvied e» canaui^liye stock ex- on the eea of national existence/ Their fa- rescue. Before they Aeft their rendezvous they made the Administration, to effect an organization? Tho cepted; euch toll to ib* levied from April 1 to Dec. 1 ofTHB GOVERNORSHIP OP PENNSYLVANIA^ that of the white slaves of the North."Mr. IYERSON denied the correctness of the report.thers furnished a chart and sailing directions, and- a mutual pledge that all the survivors of the band Democrats have SO men. and it requires 119 to elect each year. The lengthof road <m the NewVgork andThe intelligence of the disastrous defeat of the 1850, Massachusetts had three times as many criminals full share in their venture; but. some had as there were in the whole South, and this* he thought, thought, and he among the number, thatbraced their leHaer,'his old companion in arms, Captl-\ Stephenson, when he reported himself from the constituents. _.,to extend said wharf seven hu»*red feet from the eiore. iState. He had respect for sincere fanatics, but the famous outrage. He saw the blood of his friendsevery man must and will feel a personal interest. It have done more of tho Bpeaking than all the rest of cavledMr.Pryor"afilthyliarandlibeler." Lesthe theHousetogether. Bycommonconsent,thenvotepersons. SenatorLAPHAMoftheXVIthDfottta'^aselectedPresident of the Senate, -pro tern.Mr. LAPHAM said: Senators, Ecanhta dly expressthe great obligation under which I am-pla* ed by your act conferring upon me the high position of President, pro tempore; and in-accepting the honor conferred upon me by your favor and partiality, I t loso with diffidence and distrust of mv abuities-^more 4 especially when I consider the many duties and 'responm "bilities it imposes, and the importance and ma^nituA » of theshed by ruffians in the streets of Harper's Ferry, and setts' speech in Fanenil Hall shows that he wanted yet he had forborne to speak upon the subject. JSbt All the votes cast for Mr. Bocock were from the Demo- mere power and spoils. He asked what was meant the least of the considerations for his silence was cratic side. The Southern Opposition, with the ex- by the aggression of the slave power ? Did the Sena- that a distinguished Senator froin his State (Mr; Ma- ception of Messrs. Davis of Maryland, Etheridge, and tor mean to inflame prejudices? He would not be son) was engaged in the investigation of ail the facts Boteler, voted for Mr. Smith of North Carolina, to- placed in a false position. He saw a dark veil hang- connected with that event, and would, in proper time, present them fully and fairly for the judgment of the country. He knew that when the heart feels most the tongue sometimes fails and falters. When he had heard gentleman refer deridingly to that infamous outrage, he had with difficulty refrained from givingwords " slave power" in the Senator from Massachu-Virginia, in view of" the impending dangers to theSouth. his neighbor. Adjourned. agitation of the Slave question was the true cause of House were organized he would introduce a resolutionthe outrage, and he would say further that the Com- to have the reporters of such papers expelled, never monwealth of Virginia had come to the determi- again to be admitted so long as this building stands.nation that this shall be the end of it, for she had Mr. COLFAX said no member deprecated personali-buckled on her armor for defense, and all her borders ties more than he did, and no one had listened with were bristling with bayonets. Heretofore she had more pain than himself to the attacks on both sides oftrustedtothetiesoftheconsanguinityandthegood theHouse;Heaskedthegentlemantobeginthepur- faith of her sister States, but she had been recently gation at the proper place. The official organ of thetaught to rely upon nothing but her own right administration, TJie Comlilulion, had so far forgot its letter from the Secretary of the meeting, stating that rights will be guaranteed, until the people have arm, so long as this Republican organization dignity as to stigmatize the Republicans as traitors,\XXXVITH CONGEESS. FIKST SESSION.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. BRISTOW (S.Am., Ky.) spoke in so low a tone, that but few of his words reached the reporters' gallery.Hewasunderstoodtodeprecatetheex- Mr. LANE (Dem., Oregon) presented the proceed- tremes of both parties. Even if an organization ofSENATE....WASHINGTON,Jan.25, 1860.ings of the Union meeting in New-York, ana read a the House is not now effected he believed ourthe citizens of that city are trae to the Constitution and the Union, and wish the fact known. Mr. Lane expressed the pleasure it gave him to present these resolutions, though he might not agree with every word therein contained. He hoped these meetings were indicative of a sound sentiment at the North, and that tbey would continue to be held. He movedthat the resolutions be read.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) objected to their recep- tion, on the ground that the Senate had heretofore re- fused to receive a mere record and expression of opin- ions which required no action at the hands of this body. He made the objection in no feeling of unkind- ness.. He was as much gratified as anybody at the expression of patriotic sentiments.time to make another election, and send other continues. Why would the Worth persist in main- using language foul and loathsome, and saying they had representatives here, in 1861, when appropri- taining that organization 1 What good end could be been bought with a shilling. If tiie ax is to fall, let it ations would be made to pay our debts. Kentucky accomplished 'I They had Kansas already, for, fall on all libelers. He was a friend of freedom of the never would look to disunion as a remedy for political should it ever, come in, it would be a Free press; and if gentlemen do not like the press to strike evils. She will be the last to go out of the Union. State. He knew there were some among the Re- hack, they should themselves, withhold the blow. TheMr. WOODSON (Ad. Dem., Mo.) rose to a personal publicans who were conservative. The distinguished language of The Herald was not more offensive than explanation, denying .the truth of a dispatch in gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Corwin, claimed to be a thelanguage of The Constitution against the Republi-The N. Y. Herald that he intended to propose leader, but few recognized him as such, or would cans.the adoption of the plurality rule. Believing that approve of the sentiments he had avowed Mr. ASHMORE did not see the applicability of the the election of a Speaker under t<nch a rule from day to day. His position reminded him of gentleman's remarks. Although the reporter is inno- would be unconstitutional, he should never one of olden time, who in his, sleep was bound hand cent, a fraud has been committed by interpolation in a vote for or favor it in any way. He indicated and foot, and then led about at the will of his cap- fair and impartial report. If any such language were that the resolution he intended to" offer, from which tors. He would appeal to him to burst those bonds to be applied to him, ne would hold the individual per- had probably emanated the dispatch, proposed on suc- and come out from the misamic low-ground of sec- sonally responsible.cessive ballots to drop the candidates receiving the tionalism and take the high ground of. nationality, Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.)—Does the gentleman throw lowest number of votes, until the contest was nar- where the flag of the Union floats with all its any blame on the reporter ?The bill releasing to Daniel Lord the interest of • tb» they were called up, and he would' say it privately, State in lands in New-York came up for the third readi-Mr. LANE said if it was not in order to receive the rowed down to the two highest, which would neces- stars. He had listened to the attempted ex- Mr. ASHMORE-^No. My object ia that the inno-resolution, he hoped they would be incorporated in ! sarily result in an election by a majoritv. planation of the Republican candidate, Mr. cent may escape.the remarks he had made. Messrs. HATTON, COX, and LO'GAN severally Sherman, and from his soul he pitied him. It Mr. COLFAX—As the gentleman exempts the re- Mr. HALE suggested that the subject be laid over made personal explanations. was with wonder and amazement that he porter, he, of course, blames the editor. I do not till to-morrow. If the practice of the Senate had not Mr. ASHMORE (Ad. Dem., S. C.) said he wished to saw a man of his many high and noble traits suffering justify any language in the nature of a personal attack.been what he had supposed, he would withdraw all offer a rt solution that the reporters of The N. F . Her- himself to remain another hour in such a positions he •Mr. ASHMORE—-I hope I may not be understood as desiring to abridge the liberty of the press. When itthey were called up very often. [Laughter.] Hia purpose was to get the House in a good humor to act. As to taking care of the country, that was for the peo- ple, not for us. The gentleman from South' Carolina (Keitt) said to-day the country was on trial. He (Eth- eridge) was glad of it. It is to the country they sheuld appeal for a safe deliverance. If the contest should be Kept,up much longer, the country would take care of them. [Laughter. J He understood there was to be no more debate for two weeks, and this determined on,,ing to-day, and on motion of Mr. CALLICOXTJ after a debate, it was laid on the table.The following bills were introduced:By Mr. VERMILYE—To authorize the Richmond County Supervisors to pay all damages done by the d e - struction 01 Quarantine.By Mr. SAVAGE—To exempt family stovesyspin- ning wheels, and looms, and one sewmg-machine«from> levy and sale under execution.ByMr..COLES—Toallowpersonshavingunpaid assessments and taxes in New-York, to pay the* eamewith seven per cent interest, within six months.1 By Mr..VOORHEES—Last year's bill to limit theoffice tenure of Militia Commissioners.By Mr. HUBBELL—To increase the salaries 'ofprison officers. 'By Mr. JAQUES—To make the transportation ofconvicts to States Prison a county charge.By Mr. JEFFORD—To prevent the imprisonmeaBy Mr. POND—To appropriate $15,000 each to Erin and Munroe Counties to aid in building^sylums for tho insane poor.. Mr. MAXSON introduced long resolutions in favor e-' the Union—deprecating the existence of Shivery—defor the.payment of the mileage oi David C. Broderick. the arguments of Mr. Corwin, and to correct many of book which he (Mr. S.) denounced as most objection-his historical misrepresentations. After interrogating able and treasonable, and had thereby made him theirMr. PEARCE offered a resolution to fill the vacancy him as to whether ne correctly understood his opin- victim, tool, and dupe—and yet he submits to it 1 Hein the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institute ions, Mr. Keitt said they were engaged in a great was told that if thia menace was taken off all thosewith the name of the Vice President- Adopted. drama, and not aj farce. Were the. Americans, pat- who had thus been imposed upon would rise up andMr. BROWN'S (Dem., Miss.) resolutions, that the riotic, strong, honorable, and loyal to the country, en- denounce the act. No man had yet stood up and, de-Territories are the common property of all the States, gaged in the farce ? Were the Democratic party, fended that book. He would like to see the manout of the bondage of four millions of men. Every- very capital was invaded when the barbarians entere only a sneaking vote for Mr. Slicrman. He was one where in the United States aa irrepressible conflict was Rome, and it is said the Senators were so dignifie of those who sought the paper referred to the other now going on on this question. In fifteen States of that they looked like statues. We are engaged in the day, and pledged himself to stand here day and night, the Union the priviliged class of slaveholders ruled, great drama of standing face to face with the very ex- and eat and drink here if necessary, before he. would abrogating in support of its interests, the inborn, in- istence of the Republic. The country is on trial for give his sanction to any vote upon tne plurality resolu- bred, and Constitutional right of freedom of speech. life. A struggle has arisen threatening to be fatal to tion, while he feared its adoption would result in the The Federal Government, m nearly all its departments, the . Government itself. The bill of indictmentwas made under the control of the same power. The against the South is that Slavery is immoral,speaker then went into the history of African Slavery unjust, and a crime; and secondly, that this is a consol- in this country and in England, from the time of its in- idated National Democracy. • He concluded that thetroduction to the present, and quoted the opinion of sentiments of the fathere of the Republic were Anti- Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and many other illus- Slavery, but what did they do ? Fresh from the battleHouse.Mr. STEVENS (Rep., Penn.) proceeded to reply to denied his Master. [Laughter.] The House is almostcame up, and Mr. Wilson (Rep., Mass.) spoke.»with their splendid achievements and illustrious mem- who would do it, for then he would look upon a Mr. WILSON commenced by referring to the fact ories, engaged in the farce ? Were the Anti-Lecomp- traitor. The gentleman from Ohio, notwithstanding that when this Republic entered upon its existence, it tonites, who carry out what they believe to be cor- his personal worth and private virtues* coold never proclaimed to the world the equality of man. Now, in rect principles and policy, engaged in the farce be elected Speaker of this House, because of his its eighty-fourth year, it presented the humiliating Were those who fight on their own line, independeu connection with that book, for . it was wellThe remainder were scattered among a dozen other gentlemen. Adjourned.spectacle ofa nation distracted by discussions growing s*. _-« of party organization, engaged in the farce? Th understood that a vote of the plurality rule would be-. *.Connecticut Republican State Con- daring the right of each State to control its owastatesmen admitted that the opinions of Southern men stigmatize the Fugitive Slave Law and insist on thethey had differed honestly among themselves as to thethe poor wretches who came to them upon rafie and p l a n k s f r o m t h e w r e c k s o f t h e o l d w o r l d . S o m e o fmarch of 600 miles in 30 days, i How they weire met as we'll do it. nUughter.lt h e y s e a r e d t h e p o i n t o f d e s t i n a t i o n . W a s h i n g t o n M r . F L O R E N C E d e s i r e d t o k n o w h o w h i s c o l l e a g u ehimself met them and recognized the Imsey- knew so much about the President.woolsey bunting-shirts of Old Virginia. How he em- Mr. STEVENS said the President was* one of his I capital of the Orient Wharf Company to $Hj>,000, andLiberals by Miramon's troops, has damaged the I was due to their legislation. Massachusetts orators those who had been saved had shown too much dispo- right bank of the Potomac. And. how, as Wash- < Mr. FLORENCE thought if his colleagcie did notprospect of Mr. McLane's treaty before the Senate, always eulogize that State's actions in the Revolution. sition to interfere with the management of the ship, ington shook hands silently with one and another, represent his constituents better than the White-House, capital stock of the Tanners' Loan and Trust CompanyHe read a paper to show that Mr. Wilson avowed and had told these jnen that, though they were tears rolled down his cheeks. Was John Brown the there was no hope for him. to $1,000,000.it being manifest that Juarez has no foothold out- Abolition sentiments. The services of no State had welcomb on board, but they could not be" allowed best return the North could make for this heroic band ? Mr. ETHERIDGE resumed bis remarks. It oc- Mr-LAWRENCE introduced ahill relative to limitedbeen exaggerated so much as those of - Massachusetts. to hold the tiller or handle the ropes until they The. very rock in the Potomac upon which Leeman curred to him that as they had been discussing various- partnerships, which provides that the'b^sfness shall be The other States were her equals^ Suppose that inno- had been on board long enough to tell one rope was shot down was traversed by tbis band of patriots malters for two whole weeks withbut voting, the best conducted under" the hami* of the general partners cent men had suffered at the South; no mobs ever got from another. While they had been discussing in crossing the river on their way to Bos 'on. Now why indication they could give the country of their desire onJ v, without the addition o.f the word Company..up to prevenl men reclaiming their property. these things the old ship had been drifting to- should this nation be rent in pieces by this irrepressi- to organize would bo to call the roll and take a vote. Mr. ROBERTSON introdxtced a bill to increase theMr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) agreed with the Senator waid the breakers on a lee shore, and the storm ble conflict? Was it an irrepressible conflict? It The congregation here was as large as was usually compensation of Assistant Miitrons at Sinfc Sing, to from North Carolina. He repeated that if men seized had risen upon them. They could hear the shrieking would be the darkest day for this nation when this seen. There had been two or three speeches to-day,the government with hostility to the South, she would of the storm-spirits, and see the gathering clouds question was to be decided by the bloody arbitrament to which he always listened with pleasure., The only Mr?KELLY introduced a bn 1 prohibiting the steam- redress the wrong with her strong right hand. She which threatened to burst in destruction on them; and of arms. He hoped discussion would now cease, and pain he suffered was when they had too many of themu boats of the New-Haven,' Bartt'ord, Stoniogton, >al could never submit if driven into exile. The Senator they saw at this critical moment that a band of mu that they would make an effort by a succession or bal- They had heard a great many new things, and now, if River, Norwich and Worcester;, or Providence linesfrom Massachusetts had no right to call them seces- tineershad resolved to wrest the Government of th lots to organize the House, and go on from day to day any gentleman had anything new, he would yield the from landing passengers and freight below the foot of sionists. The Republican party seceded at the last ship from their hands; to dispossess them oftheir right until they should succeed, and enter upon the duties for floor to him. He thought he might speak for his Grand ttreet, East River. . < •election, practically. He defended the South from the charge oi violating compromiseSj and vindicated the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, and the course ofship. Was it right and just and reasonable in this crisi He then gave way to ple; if they are not willing to do this,let them say so, or and Brooklyn to the amount of"$l,\000,and progress concerning the outrage on the family of Mr. Perkins much of his love of liberty to reading The Liberator. to let these paltry differences interfere with their life ASHMORE (Dem., S. C), who aaid that the forever after hold their peace. The Democrats will not was reported. vside Y era Cruz, and his tenure there is frail.T o the A;&oct*i«d PrewuWASHXSOTON, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 1860. Dead letters, instead of being returned here within six months, as heretofore, are now returned within half thai period of time, thua proportionally facili- tating the restoration of valuables to their owners, aswell as preventing the inconvenient accumulation of such letters at the various Post-Offices. This new ar- rangement works well. The Postmaster-General sug- gests an alteration in the law, to return them within a still shorter space of time.and of their property; to drive them into the hold and which tbey were sent here. friends. There was not one of them but would shut The bill to exempt firemen fk om taxation to the his mouth in the way of debate and proceed'to vote.The official documents submitted to the Senate onthe call of Mr, Sumner embrace the correspondence the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Douglas. He quoted of our Minister to Rome with the Papal.Government, from the speech of Mr. Wilson, who, he said, owedbatten down thehatchet over their heads. This had been Mr. ETHERIDGE (S. Am., Tenn.) said he believed [Applause.] He would venture to say for the Repub- amount of $500 was taken up in Committee of the going on while they were engaged in the struggle among that it had been two weeks since'the roll was called. licans, inasmuch as they had evinced a disposition to Whole. On motion of Mr. SPINl >LA, the bill was•iI :?themselves in regard to the best mode of sailing the It occurred to him this period had been long enough. be silent, that they would willingly follow the exam- amended so as to exempt theffm -nenof New-York• seven weary weeks, although the outrage perpetrated the most infamous and libelous attack ever made on the conclusion that there was not finally to be an or- ers and servants, and-to facilitate the settlement ofupon his immediate constituents had furnished the in- spiration of most of those who bad spoken. He was presentatthatraid,andawitnesstothatmostin-any man in any deliberative assembly, and in which ganization. The records show that the Democrats debts due for labor or eervice by estate* of deceasedMr.DAVIS(Dem.,MW)thoughtitcouldnot aldbeexpelledfromthegalleries. Noreasonwas signedtheHelperbook,itseemed,atsohcitatipn.of"Arunsintofrandandlicentiousnessitoughttobechecked. theywouldhaveaSpeikerinlessthanfivedays.properly so on the files of the Senate.Mr. LANE withdrew the paper.Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.)presented a memorialgiven for this resolution, Mr. Ashmore said he simply fnend, and upon the assurance that it would contain For the sake of our honor and dignity we ought toMr. BILL (S. Am., Ga.) was understood to inquire how many times a day they were to vote.Mr. ETHERIDGE suggested three times a day. That was as often, as the cock crew before Peter,election of John Sherman.publicans say they carry out the policy of the foundersof the Government, but while they profess the senti- Mr. BOTELER said the gentleman was to meet his ize the House. W e should, he said, stand by Mr.State being repreeented, and the men, as a body, were men of intelligence and sterling character.E. K. Foster, of New-Haven, was chosen Presi- dent,A firm and decided, but strongly conservative spirit, pervaded the Convention, and the utmost harmony and good feeling prevailed.the threatened dissolution of the Union.in. the event of the election of a Republican President, &c.. They were laid over.By Mr. CONKLING—Requesting the Controller to report the amount of duties received in the citv of New-York on foreign goods sold, at auction. Laid over.By Mr. CALLIGOTT—Directing the Committee on Ways and Means to inquire whether a law is needed lo keep more distinct the several funds of. the State*ments they cover up the acts of those men who made the Fagitive Slave Law and erected Territory after Territory with Slavery in them. Jefferson acquired Louisiana, but they did not restrict Slavery therein. As to Slavery being the creature of local law, as Mr. Corwin and others maintained—it was established un- der the Old Testament and recognized in the New. He maintained that thia is a Federal Government. The Anti-Slavery sentiment against the South is press- ing on the barriers of the Republic. She would resist those agressions and stand before the bar of history with no stain on her name,—no blot on her escutcheon. His advice was to prepare for dissolution. If the exigency must come she will be ready. If not, she will have adopted a wise precaution. Ho reviewed the history of the Republican party, who condemn andown responsibility before Ins constituents and he was Sherman if the House do not organize till the crack of to meet ins, and when he went back to his constitu- doom. [CrieBc'f "good" from the Republican side.] HeThe present State Officers were renominated by ac- Agreed to. Adjourned.was forced to carry the flag and bear the bur- from mortal man or power. She will protect herself whether he works in the mines, in mechanical pur- there is no power which can prevent the utterance ofdens of the privileged class. He recounted the history with her own right hand. She would drive back the suits, or is engaged, in agrisulture. He would have of events from the close of the Mexican war to the hordes of Northern minions who might advance against the fanner feel, as he scatters his seed, that next to God present time to show that the Democratic party had her. She will march on further and further South, and who sends the sunshine andthe riin, he has a friend in been compelled to act always in the interests of the around her flag will be a civilization brighter than the ' the Government. He was ready to stand side by side slave power. The Slavery Propaganda deaired Cuba Bunbeams around the mountains spread. Her destinies with the men of Pennsylvania and New-Jersey, as hisand Mexico in order to extend Slavery, and it was to will be fulfilled, and then damned be he who first cries father d'donthe battle fields of the Revolution', blithe' arrest this aggressive policy and to restore the Govern- " hold, enough ! " found them here rallying in a sectional party, and giv- ment to the policy of its founders, that the Republican Mr. BOTELER (Am., Va.) said he had no speech to ing aid and comfort to the party whose leading idea party, was organized. They believed that Slavery was make, but had sought the floor simply to make some was hoBtily to Slavery. .- local and sectional; that Congress or the people of the suggestions which ne trusted might serve, in some de- Mr. HALE (Pa.) asked what interest of Virginia Territories could prohibit Slaveiy. On these points gree, to make plainer the path of duty before them. Pennsylvania members had infringed ? Had not Penn- thev had joined issue with the Democratic party, which Sincerely desirous as he was for an organisation, he sylvanm acted like a sister State ? Had she not surren-of New-Vork; Wrn. Maskeuof Kingston; Alexander The second and third resolutions deeply deplore and Schultz of Fishkill. For Port Warden3, MartinThatcher and Edmund B. Seaman of New-York; .Sand. P . Russell of Hamilton, and Louis Lounsbury of Am- Bterdam.-Noia-Arrival of the Ex«>ec6ed, Eu- ropean Steamew.PORTXANO, Wednesday, Jan. .25—12^midaight. The steamship Nova-Scotian-now fully due here, with Liverpool dates of the 11th inst., has not beensignaled up to the present hour.HALIFAX, Wednesday, Jan. 25,. 1360-Thereareyet no signs of the royal-mail steamship America now about due, with Liverpool datos of the 14th, and Queenstown of tho 15th inst.election, the Union would be dissolved, and all th^Lr tion bill was about to pass, which we were »atisued industrial and pecuniary interest sacrificed. He be- would be used by the Federal Administration.for cor- lieved this whole programme was drawn up in the rupt purposes, could you justify us as a minority in •Wbite House, and followed out, as he repeated, to aid signing an agreement, and binding ourselves, each to. the Democrats of tho North by frightening old women the other, that we would by factious opposition prevent and men in petticoats. When this programme is suffi- avoteuponit? . ciently used, a word from the White House will organ-Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.)—Suppose an appropria-trious men, to show that at the time of the adoption of the Federal Constitution they had held that Slavery was a moral, social, and political evil, and that they desired and anticipated its extinguishment. The first Government was composed of anti-Slavery men, and all the principal appointees of the Administration of Washington entertained the same opinions. He con- trasted that state of Public opinion with that existing at the present day. The mails daily brought intelhr gence of thelawless deeds of brutal mobs; of indig- nities perpetrated on free-men guiltv of no crime, un- less it was a crime to cling to the opinions of the fa-thers, of the Republic. The Post-Office Depart- ment, in half the States, was at the mercy of fanatical pro-Slavery postmasters. Families were banished ; free negrces were offered the alternative •' of banishment or Slavery. In no country of Christendom were freemen sub-jected to such insults and indignities as in the slave- holding States of this Democratic Republic. Southernthe protection of American industry, but how of the Republican party to interfere with those Miiford. ments were sent in to the Senate by the Governor: had undergone a revolution, and this change had Wilmot Proviso, and that there shall be.no more Slave could he act with those whom he Jound arrayed institutions, and it is a stern, inflexible prin- The first resolution declares that we will frown upon Harbor Masters. Franklin Whiting of Broyklvn; Hart affected the policy of the Federal Government. The States; who insist that 31avery shall be confined to its against him and his constituents? He was for the ciple of the Republican party that every law every attempt to disobey or violate the Constitution, D. Murrav of Brooklyn; Jno. S. Anabeo of Hudson; power of the slaveholding class was obtained through present area, that the institution may die by starvation protection of tho interests of every man in this coun- must, be obeyed unless it becomes so intolerable and every threat to sever the Union by fanatics or Robert Murray, S. Benedict, A. D. Barber, Joseph the instrumentality of the Democratic party, which and suffocation. But the South asks no protection try, from the waters of the ArooJtook to M*xico, as to justify rebellion. While there is liberty of speech demagogues in all parts of the Union. Tinkham, James E. Coulter, and R. Vanvalfcenburg,fields of the Revolution they subordinated their senti-ments and made a Pro-Slavery Government. The Re-abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia, and would he apply it to the .arsenals, dockyards, and coastwise commerce ?Mr. STEVENS replied that he could see no differ- ence in the jurisdiction over the District of Columbia and the arsenals and dockyards. He WUHnot preparedlove lor the Union, dared not rebuke the disloyalthreats of their leaders, and were willing to continue, play awund the head, could not touch the heart. vania, but believed they were misrepresented here. whether he (Stevens) was in favor of the Fugitive ing, brand that party as disorganizing and revolu-the destinies of the country in the hands of men who Be'w'ould not deal in unjust, ungenerous, or unnecessa- Pennsylvania members had infringed upon the Slave law as it exists, and if in favor of its repeal or tionary, and give the lie to all its pretended love foravowed their intention ** to rule or ruin." He quoted rily harsh denunciations of those upon the Repub- interests of Virginia by voting for a Sectional modification, to what extent; also if he was entirely the Union; also declares utter contempt for suchfrom many of the member* of the South—SlidelL lican side of the House who claimed to be con- candidate. This John Brown raid took place ^opposed to the law of 1793 or the law of 1850, and attempts to frighten American freemen and influence Although the shareholders of the Nova-Scotia. Tele* Toombe, Mason, and others, to show that they had servative in the exorcise of that which was their alter the election in Pennsylvania, and he be-' whether he believed the power depends altogether on their votes; also declares a determination to use all graph Company, at their recent annual meeticg, em-had been overthrown in nearly all the Free States.Mr. Wilson pronounced the threats of Southern men to dissolve the Union, in the event of the election of a Republican President, as a "disunion farce" whichhad been played in 1866, and was to be repeated now.The Northern Democrats who were fatiguing theweary ear of the country with wornout proiessions ofdid not stand here to-day to make any appeal to theprejudices, passions, or sectional pride of the members,and had no desire to engage in auy pyrotechnic dis-play of glittering generalities, which, however theydered the fugitives from Harper's Ferry who came within her borders'/ He defied him to show that Penn- sylvania had ever failed to discharge her Constitutional obligations.The Sixth resolution rebukes the Administration press of Connecticut, in vilifying the State by repre- senting a majority of its citizens as sympathizing with insurrection.The seventh resolution declares that, the threats con- stantly made by leading Democrats in and out of Con- gress, to dissolve the Union in case of the election of athreatened a dissolution of the Union m the event of J Fremont* election. Darrng the present session, weeksFafi- HerwfaneedtothexwnazksofMr.Cay taac behooeTSfirst fruits of a collision might be reaped b t r e ^ a n d h r ^ r e ^ them ^ m e a n ^ t h o e o whoright, though they widolv differed in political senti- lieved the people of the whole North must now see •the sovereignty of the States or not. honorable means to put down the disorganizers, Die- phatically condemned the conduct of Messrs. Cogs- ment from himself and his constituents. He recog- what are the inevitable tendencies of Republicanism. * Mr. STEVENS replied that if the gentleman would unionists, fillibusters, and Slavery exteosionists now well, Morton? and their associate Directors for theirooHiaion-* bloody struggle in the Halto oC C o n g ^It was not to be expected, therefore, that there should Vr unarmnity of opinion and concurrence of judgment and sentiment upon all questions; but it^ was expected^—the country demanded and patriotism required—that they should remember in coming hero tbatf they have a country to serve at well as a party to obt v. What a spectacle had beecalled National Democracy in the House of Represent-2 s S S S 3 K S o n f c » r - » Hill and conquered at last seven weeks by those sent here to govern this a£ZwT T W h Kductm* to enter upon such a S e a t hind. On4 the side' of the House with which it S-worieTihey wotdd not abandon it"»<lishonor. was hispride and pleasure to actthere were threeover 30 years of age, and all had imbibed their fa- i somebody else made the remark). day for holding the Chicago Convention.naticisni from the Anti-Slavery agitation of this g e n e r a l : M*. CLEMENS thought Mr. Stevens had the genins The Convention broke up with rousing cheers for thebut had used this agitation as a mere political hobby w a - " \ - . ^ ^ Ant^Lecomotoa party,; Jer to ride into power. When he saw here these Massa- d tli6 chnsetts Representatives, one of whom^(Mr^Adarns|eyfog&a some other question which was imperfectly heard, and to which Mr. Stevens replied, " I don I know, not heing a prophet." [Laughter.]iK^Wflsor? then referred to the disloyal Speeches oi*anfeae&n*-tbe Democratic •parjy, the. SouthernJx2*S%&S**<* the Capitol, and.%**%£*ontheremark*ofMeewrs.Frvor. g W j S S S ^ ^^^O^hmsTtrfoant in numtor,waspotent % Boyee,«nd o**ra,and theP^g^SSSSS 3£ thelatter,tfcoogna^g^SsSLOmiJi «u*•»Un-t^ Tf>«tr repreeented an historic name, he ~was" re*m"indedJohn Brown, jr., to appear balhre. the Se*aate Commit- Hudson River Railroad Accident* tee. Mr. Giddings is in the State of ZVew-York, outtered by Democratic presses in duTerent S ^ ? t w ill foflnem T r - ^ The American Democracy, led andcontroHea knew, andot ah incident in the history of his own county, rile had a right to appeal to these Massa-Untitled DocumentALBANY, Wednesda: Jan.25,1860, was tolegraphed to and will no dcubt proceed ta W FLORENCE-.Dem.,Pa.)wishedtopropoundto D.M.Irwin,ofFulton,OswegoCo.,oneof thfthar Washington forthwith.. Mr. Broy.n could no***Union.by Slavery propafjaodkte,^•£i£aS?<£2&l~that toy cooidMiiStevens a question of iigure*. , He had undeostooft that his coiituguu'was ouco a tjehoolmaster* .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comhired passengers by r the accident last wook, oa Hudson River Railroad, diedthis nwnung.the found, but a copy oithe summonsyaslefcathishotuse, and tile probability is that he wKl obey, r ^ a are• A'summoned .to appear on the 30th, auAr, ISKiistood before the nation m anion/Mr. BOTELER recognized the fact that the Gover7might dazzle, were, in his opinion, illy calculated tobring them to a solution of the difficult question be- nor of Ptnnsylvania did do his duty fully and fairly^ to say the same of coastwise commerce.fore them. At beBt these displays of eloquence were and believed he was sustained by the people of Penn- Mr. CLEMENS (Dem., Va.) thought Mr. Stevens Republican President, which threats receive no rebuke but lik'j Summer lightnings, and while they might sylvania. He was grateful to the people of Pennsyl- was not sufficiently explicit. He wished to IODW from the Democratic press, or at any Democratic meet-Tne Halifax Telegranli. IAUX SLMA the European JXCVK*UMr. Boteler, and to answer what he considered re- organized.proaches- for non-organization. He said that the After a call of the House, a vote for Speaker was Southern men were the Democratic party, and that taken, with the following result:those acting with them were parasites.Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) called him to order for using such language.Much confusion prevailed -during this part of the proceedings.Mr. STEVENS replied that if he knew what lau- i guage Mr. Vallandignam preferred, he should use it. j3nt)if the language was offensive he would withdraw t, and say, that those acting with the Southern men are satellites, revolving round them according to the law of gravitation. [Laughter.] After stating how unfair it was to ask the Republicans to disband, he jsaid that Mr. Buchanan was a politician as well as a•• .108 Smith,N. C. .10526statesman, who thought the only way to aid the Dem-them into the belief, th>t if they ventured into theclamation, as follows:ents, he could go with the full assurance that the po- proceeded to state tho principles of the Republican party. Governor—Wm. A. Buckingham of Norwich..—«i—From Albany.ALBANY, Wednesday, Jan- 25,1860. The argument in the Lemmon Slave case was closedsition he had taken would be sustained and indorsed, They are founded in the love of Liberty and hostility • Lieutenant Governor—Juliuu Catlin of Hartford.But he went upon the presumption that he had a to Slavery and oppression throughout the world. If Secretary of State—John Boyd.Treasurer— Lucius J. Hendee of Hebron. Controller—tym. H. Buell of Clinton.majority on his side, and that the other side was theminority j£nd factionist side. They were sectionalists,for he saw no Southern men in their ranks and 'on ism under the sun. But they claimed no such missionthey had the legal right and physical power theywould abolish all servitude and overthrow all despot-The following delegates to the Chicago Convention to-day. Charles O'Conor concluded his argument in the morning, when Mr. Blunt spoke for.about au hour.their banner he recognized the escutcheon! of not a —that belonged to the Father of men. They claimed for the State at large, were chosen: Mr. W. M. Evarts then argued in reply to Mr. O'Conor,single Southern .State. He rose, however, for no dis- T»o right to interfere with the institutions of foreign na- 1st. Dintrict-Gideon Wells of Hartford; lid.—E. K.. Foster to which the latter replied, closing before the rising ofcussion of this kind but rather to hold out the olive tions or the institutions of the sister States of this Re- of New Haven; Hid.—Chauncey V. Cleveland of Hampton; the Court. Mr. Blunt alluded to the failing health ofbranch. He appealed to conservative Republicans from,; public. They could wish that Russia and Turkey lVth A; H. Holley of Lakteville. Chief Justice Taney, and remarked that probablv be-Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New-Jersey, among whom wonld liberate their serfs and the South her slaves. Dittrict Delegate*.—lal. Congressional District—S. O. Porter fore long the Supreme Court of the United Stateshe met for the first time in twenty years some of But ihe taws of nations gave thorn no such power in of FHrmin^ton, and L. E. Pease of Somers; Hd—S. ,W. Kellogg would be constructed differently from what ik is at of'-Waterbury, and A. B. Calof of Mlddletown; Hid—Jameshis College classmates, to abandon their sectional or- the one case nor the Constitution in the other. He de- Gallup, of Plainfiold and H. H. Starkweather of Norwich; present.ganization. He came here to act with them for nied that there is any desire or intention on the part IVth.—E. S. Tweedy of Donbury, and George H. Noble of New- In Executive Session tcwiay the following appoint-these things whenever men may deem proper to utterthem, while they would not interfere with Slavery inthe States, tbey do claim that the power to regulate garding it as the wicked and fruitful cause of all the and abolish Slavery in the Territories exists in Con- present strife.ferees, and no where else. We are resolved to stand Tho'fourth resolution opposes any interference by oy these principles until they become triumphant, and the citizens of any one or more States with the institu-we cheerfully submit them to the judgment of our fel- low countrymen, and to the civilized nations of the earth and to posterity.tions of another, and declares that we will defend any State or Territory from lawless invasion.The fifth resolution unqualifiedly condemns the late lawless invasion of Virginia by an armed band, as wellMr. GARKETT (Dem., Va.) asked the gentlemanwhether he held it expedient to exercise power to as the invasion of Kansas by armed ruffians.SlaveryintheStated. Personallythatwastrue,for modification,hewasinfavorofit. Hethoughtthe ineveryparticularofthepresentincumbent.not a leader among them, from Fred. Douglass to law of 17S3 sufficient. He did not object to a fair law. The eighth resolution favors a tariff for the protec- speculators are such as, possibly, to «ompe>the Asso-tioo. These politicians did not care for the negri*; tOconceivc it. He addressed the gentleman from Penn- Union., ,?two weeks for Speaker, and if one should not in the mean time be elected, then speak two weeks longer. [Laughter and cries of "Agreed."]. If you consent,Whole number. Necessary to a choice Sherman215 Bocock 51condemn the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, re-— 'on air property earned over the Central, and O*. .,, *&&¥&• wego and Syracuse Railroads, both en through andvention. domestic institutions—repelling the charge, of treasonHARTFORD, Wednesday, Jan. 25,1860. because of the desire to prevent Slavery from .-goingThe Republican State Convention for the nomina- into the Tert ritories—condeming the John Brown raid—denying that tho Gonstitutionjcarries Slavery into the tion of State officers and the choice of jdelegates to the Territory—denouncing the attempt to establish a elavoCbiaago Convention met in this city to-day. The code with territories—applauding, the steadfastness of ocratic party ofthe North was for the South to frighten Convention was very large, nearly every town in the the Republican Members of Congressr and denouncing' Mr. LAWRENCE introdnce^a bill to increase theTAr. MAJWIEKRE introduced a-lvai.to re&ce th«rSACKVILLK, N. B., Wednesday, Jan. 26,1860.it appears that the obligations, of the Company to- the•"'""p."  