 would a* an af^e*»te tost *k» * «rtt*Bly jarsry*** mtmum OBtbe"radnalend paying * *** ooaphmeat to the»ueaguof ttnoaentry. Mr.hwaards~H ^ , a e . s t r o n g , b e c a u s e o f t h e r a l b a h n a o f MB " i r r n - metmibiteocfbct doeannes thaiifhewaretonuttraheVMM bare lea* atreagth, and that, iberetare. there hi a s • vrepaatagatcourtHeLMsarBaton,oraay taey mHants, to»T^ iiarar— *"* atone or maiaiy an looal feeling, hat n****Mawansaashiwiacaaata. lanempreparedtojpiIBBIlyafnoroasjaTagasehttaaajaaaa ^i.-^i M a*uiw in simitar raral bouaearun on the faae -.wouldvotejoftasWisconsinhasvoted,ifthe federal coastttataon aad Jadic isooear itaatodeatroytanastralforceofthearemeupport o'ttum Atteasg tM» isaaa of Vfthuthatwhtodskrtet,theanti-oareryfoolinglaPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.BMwvett 011^•" t t be had Voted for'Jam* Bttebaasahe votoaforta prevent tbetoeresse and a m Tbe reverend ganttomaa spake «i length sad argued tbat tt wouldtoBBBsestaaaa, whose only fault w a P'eaeb a sermon on Korthern StxUtsa and Southern Sto in obeying tbe Worn of fled to extirpate am fromvery. Tbe services began at hail past seven 0 clock, and tiem HeaatoatodtbeBBSvalrevolnttaa bagua oa i s shortlyaftorthat time the chareJwas Oiled in every question could sot be t'toeckad; tor when ttPwartsAsjoafFrsact, BrsadbcstiAOa,•»•«•*.«8.47,4B.S3.«2.60.75.It,&* «**'Vol? I?*" l^rraBv-OfcAM 19. araii M. ttoS M , f a , 1 5 , 3 6 . 6 4 . 3 4 . 7 2 . 6 1 5 4 . 3 0 , 3 2 , 7 5 .;wnere Itto fatty to-daytofth*jxnatuuuaa,aatoslaveryinaha , aaa tt ai the banst of an advocates,s to whether voted tor "OldJimmy" ornotosa have at day upon tan haapineaaof the "tree Reformed Dutch" people of Sihraaleaburg. ThecMasM were machof ihoBBsaeoptnlwa,sadthey anaanaiatryaaatthecom pnmanta aad tbetr pastor hack home togetherWBJBBBwnx TUB0u> Lurs WmcwGur—Shouldtha Chicago Convention kick Madame Bates out of doors, which it to qutte probable they will, aad ahould Brooks' balance of power faction fell into tha deawcrsttc camp, what a to become af tha old bsraeeto bottom whiga" Tbie to a very serious question to them. Their hraady aad water to at stoke.WuaT THEY Tmxx or Tmua LaetSkaToas.—The Troynam, aaaadtagblackrepublicanpaper,publish«•3whatwill rule tbe nation to the love sud fear of God,sad Urn« may tbe cruel laws of slavery be repealed and blotted out. May tbe people oroa tbe authorities to abolish these barabaadunjustlawsbyretusingtoobeythem,sotbat tbe enslaved might he emancipated fe eoaetusion, he prayed tbto may come to pass to peace aad aot to blood and desolation, ana not in the vungeance of tbe lord God or Justice.Tbe Bev. Dr. CHESTER selected hto test from the first chapter of tbe Epistle of Paul, the Apostle, to the Colon Hssfc.the fourth verse: " Masters, give onto your ser vaatothat which to just and equal " Tbto chapter of the New Testament, be said, was an irresistible bolt agaiust tae -in ot atovery. He thanked God that he had permuted him to appear to htoplace to bring this great public sin nnder the burning Influence of God's word once more. He would nottherefore waste any time to preliminary re marks,butwouldatonoebringtheevilunderthecrush ing hammer of Gods word, which, like a scythe of light ning,withersupthesystemandcutsItaway,leavingitb> eaaautajt permaaeut cures ef • CO.,laVt Tossy SV.M.T.Wtsja! Cllrehasjh'a IIInaive Wls>entirely novel earttuas aaaaahnbto VB serfact, Sto Broad- way, earner of Baadegrant, opposite Stewart a.afand Maadag OmHolloway'aPllla—t*enerntl>ehllltypione c cock iruau tbe reaHaseii of her sos-tolaw N Auten, at m Greenwich streetrhiasi—OB Friday evening, April to, after a 1 lag illssea, Mr.WILLIAMSnturr, toageTbe relative* aad frteavto of MMfemitv. oad bersofSt DavidaBeaetiaadBear<elm tae members of tha American InsTttute, a tortted to sttead h n fuaeral, from hto88 Jane atreet, thte (Monday) afternoon, at two O'I wltbout lorther tovttarionCity, Jcflarooa, wan her a s ihnnaaait , Oaaadage, watt r Ire ihouaaad;oscMa, with bar not teas aeajwtty, ar«ie toe «uaauoa put square to tanaa, whathar slavery where i to, wan a Fugmre Steve law, aalaroad here aaaararywaera,ahaUhaaekiiewtoenailendobeyedoader the OOMUWOCHI aa siisBjtttat agaiaat wtttoh we hare BO mat » egttaie. or another s-every, Fugitive Save lav, the cesactutmn aad the J-idttaary.attouki heararoorne: ot aot a tew that unto thai question fairly pat, Wa of repubbnaatam in Mew Fork wouldaaetu«ttivelUa*eiaw.aaataMtB«coito(taaoc.a««uuitUM Judkaary,toaotheaaaieofaaaaaaaa,aadtroattoeooaae ajaaaeaa If Urn be true, then tt to not difficult to eee why theradicalwntdanatheeuoogeetBat tt to aac la Wtocaaata or Haw York where theBagr^emdentielbetttetotobetoughtandwouare ooaodad to aha repuehcaas oader nnttaarjan IInan. It to m F«ansy ivama, Haw Jersey aad ladiaaa The naaaimtty with whMh that body of trafficking piau paid tor tbe labor ot htohands. To be compelled to labor1Discovery, ttrtotly imaaeeearKsBBedy'i ta the p a n appdeutoo of tbewaerethequestionHataadactdad,aadHwtotoeae Snare taatta* question appiiea ia aa lull force wbleh wttl besuresttocarryUnm,arailealoraconservetv3can-li Mr. isewara ceaaot carry Pennsylvania, taan iaamc to rraaou «mougb wn> be ahcuid not harun.New York a ooaeedea 1i tbe repubuoaas with some one etoe than Mr Seward the oandirtaie m at Matif it «true that, perhaps, toe atust anttngunhea end tofla- —till auppornr of ah- dawaid apoke truly, when ha dedeterstodenouncedbythetreepressoftaeState,and neM up to toe scorn of an outraged people, affords aa as luranaethatoiahonestreareMetatrreewillbebeldtoa I]«tecooantajllf.y for their mtodeeda. The republican «n as. with only here antt there a duujraeatnl excepUon, II earnest an>. untpartng hi Us denunciation of the tbieves'>joy, and oi their repreeeaiatlve tools who hare ao tbauMsieasly betrayed the trusts of aeontlilag peipieOFTICUI V o n —The followlag te the official count of the rate for Governor In Conaeoucut :—tarotherswin>utwageaiatheDratdegreeofatovery,and when labor is thus deprived of its rqrnts and degradedtothelevelofatovery,workbecomesthesynonymofat-rrvil" ana base condition ot society, In which one por 1..»it.<nl and accomplished lady. irbo dt*r»sre^ Dye applied to tbe aky tight room*auarea aot loaf ago, that if Mr. Seward waa not aomiaatedthere aoiiU be so contest in New York. It aaay be aniaaUace nbcieta •• circumstance* attar cases:" aad it Ricklngbam, rtpubllcaa atlgfcftorsoatthat inwinning Penna>ivaaia.NewYork 6 }mour,democrat would be JOB not on the score af to* ctreagta ot eaadt44,15? 43,017(illThe Milwaukee fnn D;mo-S l a r r led.STYMorR—GEBAKD On Thursday evening. April 19,ihat ta* atieiitr of toading reaahheaaa. >tor«a«aseemt>'.i-^ m too ''tucago Oonventtontt aarrows between dawnrd oaKeoubuoan majority Stwjtsn rev WsaKKar Mts01b r men's labor, and less would they rob that from a roaii lor whmnbe iaooml. In tbe time ot God's cu -«eu people, slavery was clashed witn its twin sister, mur.t-r liownirom tbe Hebrew times, tbe glory' of tbe sta1*of society railated upon tb» G-eeks There W M a t'apsnguration o; the free Jewish system carried oat Inand yet tbe South must Keep tn-! negroes tn a free Statet«>laborTortbesa He wit!work for bismaster ch»er» 1isn-Gerard,Esq.ofthteCitv SrawEBS—BUTUW—On Sundav,January 1, 18gi*. byOf In tbe cofcYefctua ate* tb«> eaali usvo racstred a few -lv-ted, bat we believe th: republicans could mak« a bet complim -nury TOMS aa the flrat oaliov Cbaa^ hai al tar and stronger Ogh*.with either Bates, Fremont. Lis<•<rvants in the Gospel, we are not to think or slaves, butof tree men, spontaneously laboring for theirPhed,andth«" blessed spirit of Christ'ont'y will b ; tritrmphant. Dr Cheever's discourse, of which this is a WTIXLAM Aoaste.bi.it outline, occupied in its dtliee'* overt«ro hours Bia remains were taken to Greenwood CemeteryTimVuroky tt' eopula' bet" of 'The Bride ef '»>•Okf >i«aah>r " •totendueeu mm IL Tbe reader eaaaoi fail a* b»reaiiy tnenfma a twaakwtable seat ia tbe Unttad States Senate, hank* can ellora to waitCameron, it » aaaerted tn high qaartcTa, has a goodaawcrataodtng with Seward, aad tbe miereaod ia hawil! have groonrs of ooaaoUiton If he re not huen. Itwoata not ae a waiter ot aanMiiahsaiat u Jodga Bead,ofr%aaayirnaaa, «noui«,ai sotne stage or other at tbe C'ai ivCt-rv O Phelps oago atacreoiaas. taaaa a p a s a comaroBiH' s*naW*t», ) O PherpoBe nas.from tae aaat, ban atroag nackMra, wno have abawn thetr tooJ aeaae te not onn?ieg bun too prom. aentiy torward, tuere m no knoauig wba: a montn »' (io ta uaiig u p McLean's preatxtata.t certainly bean damagea by being brtmrnt oateatiy Chrieuans would not so much as eat with him. andthtF w i ? becaure slavehoMlnpr rarolve.4 murder an 1man seating, and tne crime o! withholding tha laborer'swagts In titiosv pore and holy times a man coul 1 nomore be a slaveholder an.l a Chi istim ibau he could bt aChristian ana a muiwerer Tois is oJtarly shorn; by thadocirme of the <Hd a*>d New Te«tatnenu> Let those denyit who dare and disprove tt wbocan. It te an rrretragi for which her preaeat owner, Sir Henry Beecher. has ble demonstration Those w h o . with their iaoomes cfson of Hugh and Anne Casey, aged 2 years, ii months, aad 23 days.The friends of the family are respectfully tovtte.l to at teud tbe funeral, from tbe residence of hte parents corner ofXinih avenue and Fifty-secoaa street, t h n (Monday) aftemocn. at one o'clock.Sleep on, tor I know 'us of Heaven you are dreaming,Bleep on. till tbe Son comes to gtve you a call.Though the pride of my heart was to see your eye beam'Eg,Yel io think you're in Heaven is dearer than s?lCoxrroK.—in Okaman, Minnesota, on Monday, March 12. ia tbe 53d year of her age, Mrs ELIZA COSI-TON, wife of John bnckbout, recently of Newburg. New V ort, and aai^birrof I^ewisOompton Esq.of NewJersey.Orarire county papers please oooy.CiLiutA.v—On Sunday, April 22, after a short Ulceus, RorF.rt A CriirxAS.-, sou of the late Patrick and Mary Cu!!lnan, aged 12 years, 7 months, aad 22 days.Tue relatives and triends of th* family are respectfullytoo early. Urnhas, tuo, aaawn hiatotil too ready a writerex tetters, eosae of which evmee not anacb ajare craftthan aid aon« of the lattaraof Gea Taylor, wrttjan while lota. he waa ia training far nominationsubstituted tbe appeUation Magnolia.The Magnolia baa earned the reputation of a fast lailer,as ber model at one? indicates, and besides tbto she hasproved a staunch and otherwise good sea goiag craft.owtcg to the tact that she has great breadth of beam fora vessel of her dimensions and model. Her registeredmeasurementis1C5tons,sadher crewcoBSHtsefacaptaui,amate sad six men This pretty little craft hasjust crropleied a circuitous tour scrsss the Atlantic wbucLAT BTvTrBDBU,'", THB OBAJIOS BLOSSOM WWDOI Inveiotw >« preemiinent and uctrlvatnd. Oau sattp had oorner of kroadwa? aad l>>utao street.a STOMA.A Far toe nsteat re'taf aad pei aiaaaat eure of tote Urn complaint <wr KMiTV BttOMCTBlAX. ClOAttrtTttMade by C It. ssTMOUR k CO., 10" Naaaan atreet. Mow TPrice. Si per box; seat free b7 post. ForsaleataiiDrlgstets.BBTAMT8 UKBIV ALLID STOMACH BTTTSBS. A s tot amble raaaady tn tees of 1btlltT. W' boteaaie depot. Mo 8 Soatklark.CORKS.BI MIOMtt,MAllrl FWWWTRATTWB THBankle, foot s a d hand asttfattyst twelve o'clock M , without further notice by Dr. ttAOttaJUM,DE MOLE —On 8ucday morning, April 22. AKAIB 760 BroadwayMianow pretty certaaataat whentbeChicago Qonvastton •haii 9ad staelf . reparod to take ap the queeiian o: caadi- dant. aha dalsaatas repraaennwg the aereral **'.es win Ma Mihwd to hmataw a hatte aaot ranaetton on the sabject, and te aaaeer en thaar raaponaibidty who a|auag tae iiwttaguiatted oaadiaatea taggefted. or not aagaaataa, willTax YIBGIXU BLACK BXITBUCAX SIATI Co\. xsTtojt — Tharepublicans of Marshall county, Virginia, met at Dallas onthe 0th tost, aad passed resolutions oppxtng the extea-siou o! slavery, and favoring tbe Homeslea 1hill, afterwbjsh delegates were appointed to the Wheeling Conven-•ran fl'ty thousand to sixty thousand dollars a year, whodrive their cle'ks and workmen as lamorseiesaly as afactoiy docs its spindles, compelling tbem to labor intotbe Sabbath, or ao late on aeturiay sight tbat the Sab-bath baa tn be spent ia idleness and aaaipation, or inBleep and sensual pleasures, sre the very men who wouldspend more moo»y upon one election, for th>' purpose ofmaintain.ug their Southern trade, than wbat It costs themto pay all their clerks. This te the way in which theypay for pro eh)very patronage, and help to keep up tnedreadful atrocities of this ungodly system. Thae•< weretbe means by which the furnace of Setae in tbe midst oftbe tend te fed aad kept tn blast, through the tohuenceaor a sou! destroying sin. Would that tbe people wouldtears to obey Goa,end to take tbe laborer by the hand,so as to raise him ap above such base sad vile corrup-tions. Tbe withholding of men's wagea is tbe very firmelement of the stoveholding system, aad where It prevails men are scarcely aay better than slaves The wordof God baa declared that whoso srealeth a man and selleth him,or If be be found to hta hand, he shall certainlybe put to death. A nd hard upon this follows a terribleanc scathing denunciation of that covetouaness and extortioa tbat would rob the poor of his labor But what acontrast does tbe word ot God offer to tbe declaration ofaChriattoa minister not long ago, that the buying, holdingand selling of men might be perfectly just While Godplainlydeclarestbethingtobosin andnxeethepenalty,one of hto professing servants stands up and declarestbat it might be JUBL Next to tae heinous offence otholding tii« man in slavery n the depriving him of biswages while tree If a man to worth one dollar a dayand you deprive him of that amount by unlawful means,you are aa guilty of theft as if you wept by night andstole hto earnings from tbe place he keeps it for safety. she dropped her ancbor on Thursday, tbe 12th instant, But in the South they get out of this difficulty by stealingha s u a to carry aha wMaa taav taareaeat. fberefore, tion, which to to meet oa the 2d of May. Ex Governor•bouid the Feaaaytoaaaa setogaaea, aoaag oader t a »rule, prectioaUy aaaaraatow that Mr. 8awara caaoot carrythat fttate, the Caa«aatnn wouH acareely dare aa everratebV e aeehbon a a d ptaoe a WMwIWIaaa i a BDmlnaUonwho, according to the beat information Mash* aaaaaaasa,to —.—aaj> e^ftMUk la> wMM la^arMUa9ia,Ur. haaoae Uoakttag. of MewYork, tn the Houaaao- day, ta a atowag eoaaaaaan rapahbean epaeoh, baidl r pre-Corwra and Francis P. Blair, Jr ., are to address tbe Conr y att R a w . D r . Tynsj'a Chareh.The sixteenth anntversary of the Protestant Eptooopal Mtoaiocary Society for Seamen, ia tbe city aad harbor of Now York, was beld Mat ereaiag at St. George's (Rev. Dr. Tyngt) church, Stayvesant square. Some four or frve hundred people were present, nearly halt ftihag thete certainly creditable to herself aad her owner invited to attend hte funeral on Tuesday afternoon, a. 3lbe Magnolia left the small harbor of Baltimore, on the o'clock from the residence of hto aunt, 297 Sou.ltoentedareata Coart as one of the great parpoaes of she grand Banana af tbe republican party. The meaning ot"Una is, that with the election of a republican Prandant somefnsr, i r e or s a now judges will ha addad to the Supreme Caart,aothat " aha sampyre of alarery, nan HittingMo. 86 East Ibirty-aeooad street, MAST gnraaat, wde of Jobs G. Date.the reorganisationa a dremTtgorauoapft b o 3 u•aeotmihe ahailiiwa ot that irthuaal, stay be driven immense edifice. Bar Dr. Vinion presided.her voysgtog. this time for Antigua Island, Tb'ch she sighted fourteen days after leaving Teneriffe Stepping at Antigua nve days, she sailed thence for Si. Jigo de Cuba, and arrived there in six days, after which she again hatted for recreation, and after a week'6 delay aga.n spread ber white suite to the breese and bent her course for the land of ber nativity, casting anchor in tbewat Tnas tbe last refute o< the aaaasfwattaas of the cooatttutaoa m to be brokea ap, aad tbe aptrtt ofM to reign ta every aepartmeat. and ride roughsiarery and tbe "stave power " T h » ezptaiaa f a s " b r aafter the recital of the evening service, the report of the maaagara of the Missionary Society was read. The report waa very elaborate aad carefully prepared. TneLtoxARr, infant daughter of Peter E. and MaruvDe Milie, aged 1 month ano 6 aaysThefrundsandrelativesofthefamilyare respectfully iovited to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, at three o'clock, from tbe residence of ber grandmother,DTHPETSlA DBOFVT AMD rsTtttt AMD AQfJB AtooforOBBaital. DgeruTT Woite'sMabiiilaw•roaneatuaaapaaIsraananaa •nphaUaaUy by the n o n dttttosatoanTaManhsrs ofea' prttfissloTi to the above enarplsten, aaa la the eel on atpvvanbie ooafbet'' apoooh of Mr. Seward, wberehi haabathatwarupon aiavory to to he Baafaad aSthinys: operationsoftheaaoiatytoenlightening tbemarineraadbarborof Mobiletendaysafterwards. Theretbegallant Mrs John Leonard, in Eightysecond street, between taifooattrywhichhastee1tato of the unwetani inn aad tha avwa Tne Suprame Court to to be anapad to construe the coaatitntina aeanrdmg toCmcoraaii, April 9 , I860. Floor in Mar demand at U M a $6 M for gaperone.Bringing him to a more perfect knowledge of bis Creator, bad been crowned wttb most encouraging success. Many thousands ot Btbtoe aad prayer books had been distrtbu ted among them, aot to speak of innumerable smaller re hgions works. The Sailor's Boarding House belonging to tne society had also been a decided success, and it proved a means of pecuniary revenue to the aociety, as wellaa of moral benefit to the sailor. The seaman who had oncevaclit and her crew remained tor three weeks, and then once more reavmed ber prolonged cruise and bonding he,- course for Havana again sighted the island of Cuba in sis da>s, sojourned in the harbor of its capital oae wees, and ixa.ly put to sea for the last tims and extended her course to the waterso' our own busy and beaitifa'. bay, wnereBecond and Third avenuesDOHSRTY —On Sunday morn ne. April 22. Extra, wifeof Arthur Doberty. aged 42 years, a nattve of the parnh cf iKmagbmore, County Donegal, Ireland.The friends and relatives are respectfully mvked to at- tend the funeral, thte (Monday) afternoon, at two o ciock, from her late residence, 41 Elm street. Her remains will be liken to Calvary Cemetery for interment.GAKTUS —in this city, on Saturday evening, April 21, JASS GARTHS, in the31> year or her age.Ibe friends of tbe family and those of ber brothers, Bernard and Patrick, are reapectfuliy invited to attend tbe tuners!,this (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock, from tbePet a* te loan and pint boutoe and sold by all rrutt eagres aad eoaterrain 1DR. SWBKT'S IMF AJLLIBU LIKTMBTrT APPOKDtt IM mediate relief for Piloa, and aoidom taua te careVhakay steadv aad prloas iiarihaageH Mass pork at vaitad tt did not tell to return, preferring It, during SIT So a $17 So*. Bacon 7X c a 7 « a Lard 10c a lutfe hto stay hi pert, to the tow hanata and densMoney demand equato the supply, at 1 0 a 11 perooat. wttb which tbe city abounds, and where be to daily plun- SnbiexchangeonNowYorkscarceatKparcantpre- deredoftbemoneybepossessedoncomingashore. Tbereport concluded wttb a statement of tbe condition of tbethe man himself, andthen declaring that toey owehim nothing as be does not belong to himself. But the power- fullanguageoftheword0"Godcannotgofornothing. Be declares, wo unto him that taketh bis neighbor's services without paying him for them, and tells him whohaving accomplished the run from Havana in the short space of eight days 1wring the Magnolia's cruise she experienced all kings or weather, but it was ail alike to her at-d caused her no damage whatever.-ntCRKXAtCELBilBA TID COMFL TTB.WITH O B WITHOw» Apply at ato Breadway. .SKWIKO OFFIOMBaium for currency and gold.Niw OBOBAXB. April SI, 18*0.H^r owner, as we have already mentioned, is 9 r HenryBtecber B e te about thirty years old, tall, gentlemanly,anc dignified to appearance His complexion to-aorid. face residence of her mother, 168 Weat Twenty -eighth street oval, features average, rather handsome. His whiskersare permitted to grow all round nil visage, but trimmedRICE S60Parties aot aavtog tub aaaouat4 9BBOAJFW AM.dull at tO 87>f. fretghta and exchange unaltered. MOBILE, April SI, 1800.Cotton tn more daaaaad ; sales to-day 4,000 •bag at lQJu> a lO)fccB r e e a l y n C i t y H a w s .Assnacnas or EVIDBSTCB cr Caaiaui. CoarLanrts —Tbesults tt had aocoaipltohod in converting aad Cbratianixing tbe sailor were most gratifyingand needy, lest be should cry unto the Loru and it be sto. Tbe New Testament declares the laborer to be worthy of hto hire. Every farthing that is kept back te accounteduitb scrupulous care. The crew of the yacht are much more intelligent than the majority of Bailors, sad there seem to be as much order and discipline among them as would be mat with on board a revenue cutter Str Henry Beecher is stopping at the Washington Hotel, root of Broadway. He informs us of his intention to sail hence torOowei, England, ir a dsyortwo. when he will be Again upon tbe watersQBBBBAB —In thte city, on Saturday, April 21, THOMAS GBBBVAK, sged 24 years.Tbe friends and retain es of the family are respestfully Invited to attend the funeral, from hte tatarendence, comer of Pike street and East Broadway, tbto (Monday) afternoon, af ball past two o clock His remains will be taken to Calvary Cemetery for intermentE"Tne apostle, be said, had selected this simile most ap Grand Jury of the Kings County Court of Oyer and proprtotety to show the effect of little things. The greatHti_MS—On Saturday, April 21, Enxum, daughter or to conclude bis remarkable voyage. He expresses him William and Mary Helms.taopaataaadaataiaattaltottnGoodapiBB PROOF BAFIS.BTBABBS A MABVIMGBOTBR A BAXXR'SMOiWaTMB" FAJBTLT gpajlBG TheT orfc.rnaX ATLAMTIC TBIBftBiFH BBOPBMBl. TOMCOSTOFFITTf'THOC.SAJrD P0CMB*.THE BBWICTA BOT TICBOsUOtJB. FTMBT MBWBTHEOBBATrajvasajfATZOXAJ.COB ExcwrttrvB DBSPATOHtheyIbatogmhnedhereafter byruranhmg them nsaaof aaeuray as shall Matanestsixo'clock,00theeveningotluesday,the17thlust.She was seen to drop her jib and lower tbe peak of hermamaail After remainhsg hi Una condition about thirtyminuses her jib was raaed, tbe peak of her mainmast wasitrtei andahewestbyFortSchuylerintotbeSound We dieth. tt might be said, as in the time of Joo,caredbytoeuseoffttt. 8. P. TOWMSENIVS BARSAPASI'ULA,aa compounded under the eirec*.aaoervuioo of DB J AMES tt. CHlLTON. ChemistItbaaanequal,andtotheordvpreparationthatcanherobed ou to partem a cure Try b, ao<tBSOAKBTULTOUSEMOOTHXR. w/anleeatoandBataflDcpnil FTJLTOK STRUT, H. T., CORNER OF P1ARVF a n are Srrured front Mot ha My UsingSold a. French Fer-Williamsburg,00Tuesdaysfternoon.at2oclock MORRIS—In this ctty, on Friday night. April 20, RALPH J. MoBwa, eldest son of Col. Lewis Morrte, aged 43 years,11 months aad 12 days.Tbe friends of tbe family sre respectfully invited toattendhtefuneral,atSt. Ana'sChurch.Morrteania.thte (Monday)afteraoon.atfouro'clock.Bterareofaowntoaarrai (ra ileal republtcaa) eapreeaes tbe opinion tbat Gov.iatly for money .andbe will have an interest and an a'. Rev .J S lnskip, Mr OBORGKW PratsESS to Miss fum*E. Srruri, ail ot tnte cityDied.ADAK? —On Wednesday, April IS, 0* consumption Mr.luiug Therw hi an utter impossibility oftue existence oi slavery in the gospel of Christ A i>agan On -unday next be purposes to deal with tbe question a* BOVRKZ —On Sunday. April 22, HA.V>AH BOFRES. a na entmt»ired andaasend wr%th* perusal o' tusexstoua Tutiaid McLean on ttie oU>er B*nk-i, 4»wsrd will not be nomhuttod by tbe Chicago Convention.rectton for bis em mover who finds him employ ment by whiob be sopporis a bs.ppy and contented family ThusMVW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1860.-TRTPLB SHEET.it oaUa the expreasioas of tbe proas, tn emdemnatmn o1 neither foundation nor standing place in the Church oftbelarcenousactseftheoorraatLegtolature,aadsays—<;od And Brat, be would view tbe condition of sociHy to the early days of Christianity, when every man wasCaan-roi., Chare, h e , s r e fast being lost sign* of It •tootprotHtbtethatettaarcf tboaagentlemenwttlbebeard ta. adds—"We do aot aaythat SewardcouM aot be thetranslationortheScripture?. Thus,whenwereadof then:willbe nomore .«arsof revouuon CKof bloonotUt, Wall! or Cbaae.'1 M Vans ran SHKTHTToffi;ial8,221ST71.9,7*>.S,558nui may bo ao far degraded as to sell himself to bes *tav*». but no Christian cfuli ever do so. No mancould tit- a Ctms'.iati and a slaveholder In tbe eartv aays'.:ttiiectsthecharcnes.ttv otPalliaGreen,county limerick, lretoni,inthe.Tod year ot ber ageIMHABTronn,cat /assent have come to the followinc result —iffiery O Phelps, Jr.O c e a n Y atetottntr .ri»ted, or he wouid not be taken into lellowship The nSBSSLF, BEB OWNER, HER VOYAGE. ETC. CIBSV —On Buuday, April 22, tno&us HCBBBT, second...Total'.Ui.u fa. CjOiirich. Ludua Goadricli... L G Goodrlcu tauten C Goodrich.Slying in the North river, opposite Jersey City, may be noticed at present a taut and tiny schooner rigged craft, tlytns: tbe English colors from ber peak She is tbe yuefct lligcolia, which was built by Brown & LoveL.ot East Postoa, two vesrs ago, anlnatued the Flora Tern pie,I tA.WBOUBfALtt—naBAF.BBMABS. A L i QOAixrwa. H t e sett. OraaiO. CBttBXa,trtaswry. Daring the year theaums received in contri hires tbat he shall not detain tbe wages of him that Cotton— Sales to-day 7JOS bales, at iimhangatl rasas. buncos", donations and collections amounted to 08,74'.). te hired even until the morning. Tbe sun shall net go Sugar ataadv at t \ e a 7^c. MrMir to fully fair. Flour Tbe missionary cause was most ttourtohiog, and the re- down upon it unpaid, because the man K poorHer remains will be conveyed to Calvary Cemetery for interment.AGXMT8 WAMTID-LIHBBAL IMTOOUHT ALU) iD. J. urrt "Cojrs— The.2o-> 1 13,7S»Tbe sermon was preached by the Bev Dr. Morton, ofPhiladelphia, wno took hto text from tit James, ui,4— by God,who will one day present the bill. There is noC X T T T B A B B CAwraraar FCRmTlfttB WJ"Behold also tbe ships, which though they be ao great and are driven of fterce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, aa tbe governor itotetb."form of robbing more wicked than this of depriving tbe laborer of the fair honest fruit of hto industry Nothing vsobadsstotakesmanandcompelhimtoworkfor yon as s stove. The slaveholder should be excommuni- cated from the Cfarnttan church aad sever be permitted to come into it. And yet, wbat snould be said of a Chris t n e mititotw w h o said tbat he nail bought and sold slaves,SCTBKB P ABLOtt, U B B A B T . DrWTJTO and VDBMrTTJaVB to arrtea of everyTerminer made tha following preaaauaant on Saturday, ship waa. however, a small thing to comnartoos with tbebeing that narrated her. Th- sailor was s person wor and that he would do ao again Wbat wouid the aposileaelt much pleased with New York. sad all tne places hehas bad tbe good fortune to visit and hopes to make afavorable passage to Europe. He ta a member or theEnglish Royal Yacht Club, and the Magnolia belongs toat- hoy* Yacht Kquaaron The Atlantic Is fast becomic g tbe most popular take for international pleasure ex BrsTBS, tote of the firm of Peckie k Hunter, aged 37through their foramen, Mr. H. Q. Haddan, by which tt thy of then- deepest ccnslceratiOD. He claimed his aria bo aaea that aarwaa chargaa are brought against sympathy because ne was poor, despised and neglected.certain uSliMM about tha CMy Hail. The aaoamaat whKb waa read by the Ctork, a as follows -Paul have said to such a man tf he would have stood up and bea$n\ such a declaration from bis lips in opposi- tion to the whole revelation of Scripture; He (Dr.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral, from her late residence, 363 Eightb avenue, thte (Monday) afternoon, at two o'clock. Her remains will b e taken to Orange county for inter ssentHe dwell upoa tbe hard lot of tbe sailor, even on toadwhen be tell too tbe clutches of those who robbed htm. Cheever) oared hardty trust himself to think whatHrxTER —In this ctty. on Sunday, April 22. WILLIAMC.His life was a hard one. but very often a short one. B e tbe great apostle would say, but he thought that he would0> i'CUS.yearsHte friend's and relatives are respectfully invited to atKewTaThaarand Jury deem tt proper to stale to tbe court was Milling to learn, but there was ao one to instruct set tus eyes upon him as be did upon kiy mas the sorcerer,they have haoa eaaharrsaasd M the " of ban.. He was used by hn captain merely aa a machine to and exclaim —' Oh,thou, full of ail subtlety an 1all nrs-e rBrentford(fjanada)datna.fram tbe fact that m a number of . move ropes and canviae they casta hardly form an aa answer to criminal idea or ths vast numb*r of sailors annually lost a; sea •todta theeoBrtat tha from various causes, aad be painted a glowing picture of the horrors ot a coihaion with an iceberg, one of the most common o! calamitks on the ocean The eattor baa need of religion as much aa a ri^b or learned man. It was aa terrible tor a aaiior to ha damned aa a doctor or any- boov etoe. The effect Of religions teaching to tbe sailor v n t t be most beaeOetol a s a Chrtottoa. it would Inspire mm with a proper regar* tor the obligations imposed upon turn He would never neglect his duty ha would aot akep at hto post, he would win hto officers sateen,, and b e more humanely treated to consequence; h e would not give n s y to dteatpaUon on shore, and peas bis time vicxMieiy. The iaiareals of commerce daatsaded that the sailer should be laithfuiand honest,so tbatCbratttoattyauarbt, to fact, be called tbe father ot commercechief, toon child of tbe devl!, wilt thou not oasse to per vert the nays of tbe Lord • ' These were the evils arising out of a sane or slavery. It tended to lessen the value of free labor and to bring the labor of tbe free people of tbe North almost on a level wttb tbat of the large body of people beld In tbe darkness of Southern bondage It cor- rupted tbe church, the mintotry, religion aad polittcs, and retarded progress and tbe a a-erial prosperity of tha nation. But there was a great bill to be presented for all this. God's bill wss kept with certain regularity, and will oae day be presented for payment- When the Jews, to tbe number of eoo.000, oame out of oaptrrity from Egypt. a certain Egyptian presented to their chief s large bill against them, which, be contended, they owed The Jewtoh chiefs did not deny the correctness of the debt, but presented a counter bill for wages due them during their continuance of more than two hundred years tn tbe land ot the oppressor, at one denariusi n a s attached to the oonpUumat'anJfidavii, to anmng. to one of thee* esses tha Grand Jury havetot now he found. Jury haveJoBKSOs to Brooklyn, on Tuesday, April 17, IMOOKXV. ELUA. aged 18 years, 2 months and 11 days, daughter of Wm. H.andLouisaJohnson.The friends aad aoajnstoanacea of the family, also those of her grandfather, Joeiah .lohnson, aad the Mew York pilots, are Invited to attend the funeral, as Tue*lay after rcon, at two o clock,from toe residence of her father, No. 14bJayatreet.KING—In Brooklyn, on Saturday, •prU 21, Mrs. LTMA K m c i n the « d year of her ageMottoe of funeral hereafterUKT - At Petkskill. on Saturday, April 21. at tbe rem• deuce of Lewis Lent. MAST JUDAS, relict of Richard teat, m the 88th year of her ageThe relatives and friends of tbe raaaily are reapeeBulry invited to attend tbe funeral, from the Cortland: town church, tbto (Monday) afternoon, without further iari- tsttae.Locxwooo.—OnSaturday,April21,athtoresidence.112 (lothtof. bodi for seen and boye, te aow ready, and to greet Concord street, Brooklyn, Captain QUBLBB LOCKWOOO, fa-aaa for thaor abstraction of the papera referred to. In ao leas six dtflbreat oompiamti for passwig forged hank hillsDrawings or the tielawarr Btatfie Lotte- ries.-WOOli, BUI Y A Oo ,Manager*of teeDELiWABa, aaSTccxT A»V UUSOVRI STATB LOrraBias. DELAWARE—Exvaa CLASS, NO. 191, April 11 tint).69. 63, 18, 74, 71. 40, 78, 5. 42, 11. 35. 27, 59. DBLAWAKE—Clan So lfti, April 11 ISO38. 30.la,1.51.70,20,35,22,76.24,52,40. CUeulara seat free of osarsa by adttraaatea;WOOD. BDliI A <XJ , HCUatingtoe Delaware <M to WOOD, EDDY A O O . St. Lords Ktoaowi, aa wall aa tha roaipiainaato tbeT wore ragard to the other oompammta referred to, Sve m aaauher.tt waa proved to tbe aaiaaaauan of the Grand Jury that (bay, wttbTHB. MBWT U B EThe reverend gentleman cone uded with an eloquent ap-uLluaamfiHmtriT ~*•"**•— *""~*T•-••—••**••* pealtohiehearerstocontributetothecauseofChristian per diem, multipliedby the number of Jews endaboanatertn of toe Ottt* Oanjr aTaVK, MavWtd to then, were oabvateO to the late lmuict Attorney, Mr IDtmamarrr That iifflaar aevar hud them before tha ,anabisanaaaaaarhas neverbeanahte to th* papers raanattdBg ta tha osaoe when praeaoaBanrlr.ft tt. BOT bare they been recovered at The Greed Jury deem it necessary to aay bat httto tn .wnhataaeaaawBaaaMeetaaogioat of duty astang the manner, aad tbe appeal was liberally responded computed according to the term of years. Thte madeready. Ibayesabrai, nrmg Ooatinss aad •eaaan of oarBoa MOKACE QRBEI.BT Oov.BttattY A Wish, Bev^HBBBT Wattb BEXCHBB, Oo-JUatMC.PBBhUHIT,B js.SrtBFBBM a DOOOI.AA, boa. WBL HBBWARD.allm»kf and aule, we are prepared to sell it the lowest agaresther of MMRev Wm. H hte ate.Loeknaad, to the SOth year ofj aktt ooitDOK r tJHaBUB '^nul.Oea.BOr>TT.JAJUtoWATIOM ssettnBBWthe fate of thta young man,aad tbe reward offered for tobisrecovery.Htotatherhascausedthecoveorbay he opened by those whose official ostbs bmd them to where he was tost seen floating to be dragged, aad personHa relatives and friends sre invited to attend the fu neral from tbe Third l-resbyterau. church, Jay atreet,aid to braging- to juauoe all wno vmaas tbe Mwa,aad tha Grand Jury weald eoaaMer tbemeetves derattot hi their duty tf they should persait aaah grave matters to go na- avaaented. The jury deem tbe precautions for tha eaoa- tttyofaaamaaauhmaeaqatatatheofflaaof Joadoe Cora-are still ensured in tbe search. From a somber of con- curring fanes aad circumsmnoes there to reason to hope tbat he was picked ap by a vessel tbat waa seen to eater thebayattbetimehewasheardtocryforhep,andfor tbe purpose of allaying tbto agoaiztog uncertainty, we dewhich ebc bore wttb Christian fortitude, HAJTSAH MABTO., eldestdaughterofJosephsadElisabethMartinBBOCt- BNB— GEKCIPEto when tbe collection was taken up.C t t y I n t e l l i c e n s e .Yorao SmwEix Not Yst Fouan.—We have heretoforenoticed the circumstances relating to the uncertainty ofa very targe amount of money. far exceeding the Egypttons bill, who threatened and fumed, but eventuallyhadtoretreat. Now,ifweconsiderthelargeamountofmoney which ia stolen from the Southern slave every Ternty ItoJalsntaiiittiig mi iriTi known ewperasrttr of our yesr, tt will be found to he a aim ao enormous that toeaasws,wtth secure locav, be faraaahad for that office, la ettre to call tbe attention of tbe persons on board the alluded to the reported speech of a gentlemen, aaakmg lbs racemmenlatum theJury have twoobjects in veael to tbe Importance of making anown whether they whom be aays has tbe reputation of being an able view— ftrtt, tbe safety of document! aad aecoadly, tbe aaw the young man on tbat occasion. Tbe vessel re- lawyer, who recently endeavored to make ao apo- •busy ta held patina to a full responsibility In the event ferred to came into tbe core or hay opposite Whitestoae, logy for atovery by say tog we must deal withTbe relations and friends of tbe family are respectf u'iyinvited to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afteraoon at on*o'clock, from the residence of ber father, »1 Attorneystreet. Her remains will he interred to Greenwood TTOJn luammno.Mortherm Stilfees a n d Southern Slavery- • f t h e R a w . D)r. Ctoeswar.The Churchthe verypertty of their tradetatto subject atBTiwcsrr.Lgvporaj» vbu tt* Maei«ua atreei, to morrow (Tuesla,-)nooe,a:tw«oclock,preenetyKAV - 00 !riatt» Apni tt CaTavaavni Baaacas,1 9 v t a . - e a a d 4 a s o a t b s . a a n s j b t o r o r J e a n B a yTt* frieti <•ol tbe oerratedsre rasseeajeUy tovtted to>attend to- furcra oe Tueada; alteraeea at oaee'e ak KA.\««J!Y —<a Sec'sy Btorrsag, April 22, Jaassofthe Purttsas, to Uatoa aqusre, waseroarwMMtoa^aaiagby s hMfa Otta appsraatty highly counter to bava• W * t t 0 t o t t f a a u d i e n c e , t o h e a r M M B a r . D r . C h e e v e r b e 0 0 s u c h t h u g a a t h e J o h n B r o w n m v a s w u . s o r s a ypart.The evening arrvrce commenced by tbe atogtag of the 1»J Psami by tbe choir, followed by the reading of tbe 8Sa Pasha, ay too Bar. Dr. Cheevar.The Bar. gentleman then offered cp tJ the throne or8raee aa eloquent and very impressive prayer. Heprayed that the people of this country might learn to foarnothingMatthaWardofGod,andthattimewhoaresawtrampled under foot of men wttb an ostracism aad cruelstilledonthaicontaaeatbyaprvatoverychurch andpal- mi, it travelled beneath th » Atlantic, aad appearea to Scotland. whence the sprays 1* the terrible eloquence n> ihe uuthiiea. and others, tra\'Bitod back like raia, aad fei! an h scorching effect on t h e dame doss that have never barked except in defeaoe 0 / stovery. He then weal en to eoasider the proDostttBB of eesfiovtog the negroes f-om tbe South, sad said that tbto was an Mas which could be productive of nothing but fatiare. Tbe -"V^? will never be reaasved from the South Itoaaaot be dans. Tobringoutonemillionofoondmeciroui&*>'"• f quired Divine totemsiiion, and before an/ m^ani cosl: bedevtoadtorestore the four million* *r>m th SouthatLocrrrr.soa•ou.,att7.UVULUUIat.Ji da>aTbe luteal will take ptaoe on Taraday.at haJf past tenty which sever prevailed in pagan lands,may be delivered from their oppressors As tbenumber would be doubted. But ram a removalo'sleer m tbe moroisf. tram tae seaaeaaaa af a n taaber, BTtaaanf ITS bV<(K<>- M ~rt Cbr rematss wtti be taken u Nanark. M J . few interment RASWAV—<« SULA) . April S2,wifeot R i, Badway, agrd 30 years, 9 SateTbe relatives aad friends ef the family sre respeUrbl ly invited to aiten 1ber fueoral, from her *".•.(oldNo22S)U,eatThirty ftttbatnaac. Nmth aveaoei, ou Wednesday afteraoea, si•lent eVCo.'idithratta BLUpUc •*taek,wsaoatfarther nviutioa.ooaid never take place. It has never beec aecoraua*hed a people, ssad be, may we Mara to bumble mIMhistoryoftheworld,auditwillneverbs. Ta*soIShuMeSawtagMaeb«»eU. H OOt-UMB, # » Broadway.Mntou*supersptoaaecopyr£?*-T** »»toas-, April to, A n WAVunas MOBS, iof*?^? *?**•»•**etthyaaref herageIbe relattVMaadfrneoaof tbefaaattyaretovtndtootteadtbefnaeral.anWedaeedavtwo o ciock, from bar tote reatoanos Ma 111 Woti ratto ftttiiatreet btowvennraadwajaada«n^avenueourselveshensath the mighty hand of aa "avenging '•00wttbdeepcontritiontortbtoato,andsaaythepeople of tbe toad raise to a BOOM spirit of Christian determina- tion,trustingtoGod,toputoutofplacesofpower those met. whose delight is to trample ea then*fellow beings— who ask tor power only for themselves, to d o evil a mWaaMatlMa 4aM aharartwteasauincofi.Ptnenpple Voaauua laanBuwveh.adsajto) netgood—thatthe people mightputtooffice menwhorebct of tbe tote Conrad hamnasar, aaea IS rears S months aoo to day* ^ ^ ' ^ * ' Jmn' *Taerelativesandfrtanssaf tbefamilyare1 Conttnnes tn Apply tots Radt- iovitedtoattendherfuaeral,thn(Moaaag)1wholeofthestovesatthemeatextravagantrat.-?-that might be fixed. I>r. Cheever commented very severely on thte part of hie subject, and uttered some wholeaa'c and terrible deounctations against theslavesystemand every one that in any way upholds or defends it HeK"L CanalM rest.FBAHEtIB at_^ r g B ^ ^ B P T B O T K ^ ^OOLUJ^ ^MEAD*—AtWilliamsburg, on Saturday,»April 21, Asss MEADS, wife ot W. J. Meads, aged 60Imparities at the Bland, ScroxTala, Et-aad trannflinfrVr northeast of Zerega poiat, at about bail• work out its own solution. It was painful, he said, to feeta of Mercury. Salt ttbeusa. ensotually and permanently funeral, from her tote reaidenoe. 2 » Booth Ninth street,The ataaad^ " B B dBar. C. EJew), who Mas been sppointed pastor of theJulias Warner'" Pur PreserreUve.a mx Mixam.-TbeHarris (0ifthrywf!' aee my Oaqoeau. leeaaketaked thtibeard togrew n 42days aad won't am will-ereetbe!a pactionofthe tore _Mr, Corbett.aad relatives of toeMr.-who enters tally into tbeto'jensldertne etteeta thatwouldfol bbersti'JO of the atoves and tbe adoption of free tabor tn the Sor .th The wants of those who are now doubted aad quadrupled to s state ofFAMU.I8EWIMOl"TMTMTM b r " LM!«KS««^«invitedtotwo o'clock, frr,m toe nmtD atreet,Qcnm.—Oa Baturday aad aever- iUness. of t^nrs.aredl4yeara,8His fuflersi will taketon o V a n . f m n to*it as we find' it aad allow It qiietly toFriends and acquaintances are requested to attend tbeaeeamanwhohadaohighareputation bringinghimself down to a level below tbe fool. Bat thte was oae of the retain of the system which has corrupted every interest of the toad. Men go shout and weave spiders webs and hatch cockatrice egga, sad whoso esteth of their e:gssail the HHW^ of allpersonswhomaysee tbat the wry fores of the dtoease sttoketh to the to presents the saquiry about tbe fate of this garments of "all the followers of the stove power.tbe mystery that hangs about it may be,rseaas^aateaaaSwa^;^^paattc bSaSntew^Ac!They were like s nest of sorpente twistedaround groves of upas trees, hissing at you—nssrdssad snakes of a preettamtte world not intended for theabode af man, which crawl upon tbeChristum and glareupon htm. Nothing but tbe word of Godcan remedy this tuaeery toare, to» Broadway. evil—each robbery ot fee poor because he to poor. Theof J. M- Morse, aged 38 years and 2 days. __^_ uyHer relatives and friends of the family *"»«*£ h 'i , invited to attend tbefuneral, from the lastossne or ae/ brother to ton. Wm R Roxey.24l a t a a r t i r a w , ^ sey Qty. thte (Monday) aftersean, at_two o O ^ *» remains will he taken to Greeawood Canetery mrmierBev aw.Corbett, who baaretired, preached bMiatro- nothingmoretaananationotthievesanarobbere,andat Bouse,Milliamsburg. Particularattentionpaidtoittoaiinaof McBEtDB—At bar rashteBee vi J?^—,-.M,aacpa,ductory eermoo yesterday The greater portion of tbe thn rate we afasU become a proverb sad a by word for Lungs aad Waaab. street, on Sunday afteraooB, Aprfl IX, CAXsasira » ssau»,civilisednations. Itwastime,therefore, thatweshould We Imwltc Special Attention te the Sale aged72years- ,,.,.,_. ^A tbeaeofb.erBOBS.wso tbat tradeC, would target* obeaBs. therefore pw^ a*ouid wantmore a n dbetterclothesOBthestover?0,1ofP H p^!^8atar^ April 81,of Henry end Jae Ann Pteper, aged •rettou. wary raptoandeawahto«~nJ**J*»** havetosayto\bem "Tnelord rebsketbee." beataachiseerern1udaoaa rYtee.oaa ei*«D* " "andaad dry goods mer-etl they couil totokto).be safer torespect sad batter far the tabor, for Una here waukdn.tfcoofthewbote difficulty te simpleand easy Tne Sou'bcouldneverdowithoutthteciassandraceofmen They could never cultivate their fields nor develope their resourceswithoutthem. Butwhat mast he doneIsto keep them as servant.- in obadieoc* to tbe iojanction of tbe apostle Paul, aad give them what tojsst aad equal In short, they must be paid wages. They will work as well aa any ether laborers aad as regularly, with this difference, tbat where we BOW hare anarchy and bloodshed sad sdultery, theft and every aril, we will have passe sad tore sad the propagation of tae principles of Chrtotianity. Then the wealth of the Merth and south would b e doubled. If there b e a contract for labor there mast be wages, and those who would aot recognise tbto ejear command of the Word of God may well be compared to that miserable KmgoMuie* whotook the price of a man's labor without remunerating himand who was eventually condemned to be hurteu frombis proud position and on his death waa earned beyondthe gates of Jerusalem to be be buried wtth the bunsi ofan aaa. Those who dared to set thotr faces against thisgodlike principle of giving onto tbe laborer thatwhich to just and equal, are setting upthemselves agaiaat the plain commands of the livingGod. Tbe rsasnaiiii of the South, to order to evade thisdirect and unoompromising truth, to very specious andunavailing. Thantheyaaythatthenegroes,whomtheynow keep in tbe South in all the relations of domestic in- tercourse,wouldnotbetoleratediftheywerefreemenand women. So long as they can hold these unfortunate mate tbe ot tae liter, aad regulate the bowete. beings as staves, without anytoecesatty being forced onCard PMatosrrapMa,34Pertralts 91—Forthem to pay them wages, they would keep them and dofend th* m tgainei liberty st every risk. But aa free peo way; down town only. pietheycouldaottoleratethem Thiswasastarasttu-i- loeae ot jeatwe went He bad recently had a con veraattOBwtthapewireofaNorthernclergyman,averyhe apostles or early Christiana were ever chargeable on S.ivery cannot sawn longer be Biaintalned in tins Iaad, Wala, Oregon, and LMMA (.BKARI- daughter ot tlie latetbat ttey would sever endure tbe negroes in freedom inthe South, but would prefer to send them back to africa.Bit where did they come from'' asked Dr CheeverThese people, for the moat part, neve'- aaw Africa Theyare native bora Americans, and you can't send them backto a piac» vhtnec ttiey never ca-ne. Besid-s, many oftbetrt bav«> lars* quantities of European blood in theirveins, ard an such are entitled to the ciosideraiwn or theirtaath»aownben<1j»provided'orhisaecessitiea. Nounof rarente. Thiswsst^egreatth»me tow tobeconsidered byibe Rev T.J ttawyer.1'D..8.A..SSVMOOB,ef Wallasaattn wttl be interred to Oroaawoud QanetnymttCs^LJtWJBOt7tt.A MBW LHDIAH 8TOttT. asvm.EsTHX CBTWADa uF f& B FOsUtiT.Or, THBLASTDAYSOFAATBABIMBMOhTtOWB.By tha Bwpetat linker Mf••The Brt.1e of the OM Frontter HUreeamnsweedinTHF. aaw looK u i i o n Ft>B Tttut wyr.KRBaDT TODaV AT 12 •••ci.niTbw ae* tale or Bevolimonary a c t r.ire*! )'•• tt ai(<w wSB tbr«reeatadveaiurear.r*uedinugspirtuottaa.aturaiyaaa evectfn! penodtaa?tnGwte*t*doual1 bai>4ttobetie beatacaulaadIlitem fsh er ecar betere aaet with eitbrr m tbe toreat or IDbcaaav Opine tee hafea ef ether la? tan Tales, Tha Marrt • 1* a reaj haaornal sas—ttoc of tbe population lives at the expense of another, and thai ib'- largest propottion are catted in contempt '-mud SIHP " Adam sud Ere, Lameeh and Nosh, and tbe tn qpireri propheta aad apostles of old were, however, of i".i.'se very ' m u d sills' which are now contemned, thrown tttto degradation by s state of society in which s averv prevails The aposues labored for their own mesne of existence, and Pan! especially always boaateiCrlstarloro'a Ilatr D y e . 'toTtara antt T a n - pees- 1be be»t in tbe world, wholesale and retail, aad tae dyeof u»e iaitii 11 he were ho b<-lor« be run.- into thexnewledge-of the truth, he had to repent and he con A8RIVAI. Of ANOTHER BRfTlSH Y ICTTT-gKBrcn OF tw j o tiock. from ber late residence, 670 Rigbth svenue AT $i-aHoa* A m i » AII Kite A WKW trrrtA A »I OTIHTCoaixtT, inform- its readers that a genera! council of theSix Nations Indians has been beld, at which it was deci-ded to give hii royal highaeas the Prise* of Wales a notice. grand receptionSpring Ctatral.THK REI^ MEN —Thetend tbe fcceral. at the residence of hta brother to tow, Daniel D. Smith. No. 142 East Twenty-eight street, on Tuesday morning, at nine o'clock, without further_. to be faaad nowhere eke. Oar .. maOPwaittomakeearlyaiiiitliaii Ow asoabot fertosnVtaaanaav_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ^ _ _ _Ofiiee 606Broadway, Mew York.mre the skis. Frte* ft. and tor Greene street Methodist Episcopal church, in place of the nation that gives its consent to such iniquity can be SchleferdecMer's W a t e r Care, 'Wail mSt^. „ 1TM ,«.iA»ni-ir 07 last Twenty ninth GRAHAM.MbB,n.no..i IIAIM!present, and IBtteaed with rapt alien awaken to tbe sinfulness- sad beinousness of our 11T1intoan isd rosewood aad rrnunli Parlor aad •anraaaattaBs bon'tottMiraewpastor, tbetext stones, for the occa coursesadarouseourselvestopurifyourselves. Andthte efesuntOhtnaandSilver Seta ac.byUXSBY B.LBKD8 00Her frteada"ta^!l?Mtoaael^BnBrttte,arr, respectfully invitedU'*"«°«^f c ^r^,Bear Third avenue,aaB i^^il^rharh^aass willbecetobrrsed,attenpBRRr s JAPABIKo.*r PITTEDAMDSHOEFOURS. atoranhtoglaPwas1ro?8VIFa^,«<ll»T. theBev Mr HmrijsB ;ofateownoanvaraMn,whtebhe . k h i w y tto tBanaer, •»?*<*•*» *•youth he was haunt to ridicule and abhor theaeaae U Jem.Cteriel Bui"that tbe AlmMbty to H.imercy had spoken to htm, aa be had done to Paul, and aow heTablTto preach••air* cTBriOsd.*' He htte paatoVTaadto the ruto oftttoMotho'-"• Ihetimeofa tomustbebythewordofGod,which,likes pencilotbunt ingdiamondoranaugeroftoudiuedsulphuricacai.will bare toto and penetrate toe evil. And then, too. wouid tbe Catted States ooastitutton be relieved from tbe ssv trace and degradation which have been heaped upon tt to consequence of tbe adultery of atovesnldtog, and. Ike tbe ask of Sod takea from the temple ofs great a n d glartoas place aa hashoassy.Sd teat., at 10>,o'clock,at11 MenTweatvceeood eueet,aearFifthavenue,fatatolakeplacewttaseiretard totneweather.4,000 t nsslmert Salts to snMten.•ttc.Slu.taSOJH4,Sto.MttU£sdS*. AtEVAMS,« and68,Futtonj S o c k V ' T u m d . ^ ^ ^ £ ^ B B s a r ^Herramairavrulbetoef HbertT race. T h eand vestedeqsaMty rights- andfriendsare respectfally invitedtoattend.iJfnneral from the residence of her orother-to iaw , 17aa t MMto she atovery nothing b a t masked devils aaa«mtogtbe tarb ot angels ao that ev en the arcbaagie Michael wouldAM BMTiRBXY MMW aTTIM.. a. .S^ttVstreet this (Monday) afteraoon B|3Untitled Document^TaYUN BX'DSON A 0 0 . 7 ton, MB aaa ato BroadwayFgyptiaa and Jewish debts are as nothing to it. If butone dollar a day be allowed to each of tbe four mllUoosfor the laborious work they have to perform,tbatwouldbefour milliondollarsperday,sad that sum multiplied by three Presidential terms style. WH1TK. hatter, US Broad*aay, opposite Paul's MACTm-OnSsturday.Aphlil.afteraltngeTingitlneBi, Fuffmli would more than suffice to pay tbe price aet upon tbe church.White's"Sensation"DressHnt. rttofxnearHigh,attwoo'clockonTuesdayafternoonTORE L O 0 B BMrs.bona of RUSTLESare now used every year to tbe Untied Stoats for children tetuun^, with never faCin^ sneoeaa Reauf to tm-Oauy twenty five eean a bottle.W heeler 4i Wilson's Hewing Machine*. Cemetery.id OaalOttoeiaD atao Fai aftol Candles, forWinslow'e Soothing: Syrup.—Mil-tor an aaennfactumc ? n>oaw*^aw^eaa la Ss1 ooe-LadlesTrlnan>tt»«s.— iA.v,la.ai. eonof am.oardMarw Baaatey,agaa4<Japanese Stote, 6t3 Bteadwa;.OtoBanai mentwttlsureeverySMITH—OnSumay, April 22, Pinum torm, s aabva Oregben.Ktoga obunty. Ireland, sged to y s a nFttAPOB, B«0<DUMTS * OO ., Dalawera.Barry's tfrteantaewness ts the Best ands^SLsruvn SBcaaAi-AR-On Fnday, Aprd an, H U K U hanraaaaAO.Beanttfnl Complexion —Irftlrd'a Ltqntrt Pearl has eehteved a eataarlij aa aavtog ao eqaal tor baaaa- anag aad mean atog theasto. 439:The trtends ami relttires of tbe family sre Invited to attend bte fuaeral, on Tuesday after two o'clock, from bte tote residence, No. 77 Weat fifth atreetWATT*—<«Saturday,April21,CABOUBZFatret and only daughter of Esther J. and George D I Watte,aged7mouthsandaaaysBridgeport papers pleast rony.WBTrmu.—Oa Sataroay nsrshag. April S , longulnsK,W.Lu.vBH.Wnrmau)The reiativea and frieadj of tbe family, and theaa ef hteuncles,GeorgeB sadJohnM.Wtoiastd,areraapeM rally invited b attend tbe fuaeral, Uua (ttoeoayi a/ter aoon,attwoo'clock,fromtaereelaeonsofanfata*.stood, ceed* from weatiMaa of the •tomaeb, or poverty ot Bte atolbet<*remedtesiInvigoratelbsstosnasacb.eanrtichthoeblood,satuabuatetas or ptaasare, at HOXJIBS' card gaUary, B15 Broad-Batehelar'a HairDye,W^ls; Paetar>,16Bawd street Private tain111Tonpeeladle*. The JamesMWhttaeld. No. 21V Laxtegtsa aveena Ha reprivately applied.Ro.6 astor BeuaeTbe relatives and friends of the faulty are respectfully iovited to attend her funeral, on Tue«day afterBoon, stsouthwest coast of Ireland, aad ia tbe county of Cork, onthe i:th of last December, aad Bailed for the island otMadeira, where she arrived on tbe 26th of the samemonth, having made the tnp to eight days She stoppedthere tor a law days, and then sailed tor tbe teland ofTeneriffe, to the Canary islands, where ahe made her wayto are days, remaned two, and again resumed Fourth svenue and Twenty flrat street, this (Monday), GLCB FOOT AMT> OTHMt DirpoHsanis orIhird etreet. Brooklyn. F. h.DAI*.—On Friday moratog, April 40, at her residence,BMUABattttBMT OF OKBATTbe relative- \nd friends of the family are requested to attend tbe itinera!, from Carvary cnurcb. oorner ofMOBBU—On natarday, April SI. SDSAJI J. Moant, wtte I at the^C-.tS Mott ww* -Bwaod.fVja of John and ]vrrs—OnSsndsy, April J2, BttBABD, (ban, sged 6wuitoto ptaoeofJ(-N1S'. Nus-lOaadlAnn au>--iI^XPKRrBKCKD OPEBATOBfi, I) Maehteea, sent Into famfltea.oaUwaT BoldNTOW, All. WBO WAST BRABBS CAM BXATBMACHlMsa^r Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 