 Isure, aiid A better class of men be broughtV»tlJ « . U 3preparations were accordingly made i ja|ai| without delay and by telegraph. And in no6City PolMles and Politician*.Eier since the smash up of the democraticpart r at i^harleston and Baltimore.-we have had i general bedlam confusion amongst the cliques aid po ideal factions of this city, with everl appearance of the city being represented11ightof thepeople of everynationto-govern them«elves.The preservation t f the popular Institutions of this Union, established upon tbe federal con- stitutioB, therefore, is an ail sufficient argument tor tbe ftoion oi all good* Union men every-pation of a good sugar harvest next year, which NEW YORK HERALD. bids fair to be the largest ever cat. The health of the Uland is good, End the burned district is being rebuilt, a n d will b e the Whitehall o f thin town. W e have no produce on hand for shipment, and seek- ing craft will not find employment here until after the regular trading ships have. been despatched in March next. A ll light American Teasels g o after..^ of Eaie Steamship €^imE>Wf|M^|| In another column will be found t h ^ f f Tstable of the corruptions which have accumu- lated in it for so many years.J A H K B O O R D O I» IB • • K T T ,of the last constructed and finest vessels? GE!way line. 'From 4>e%|atement of" tain, if appears that on the evening of day. the 6th inst, when about one hund fifty miles east of Boston, she sprang i theengineroom.Notwithstandingfl tionsautdetokeep it belowthe fires towards morning to gain rapidly, andtrsaEtaai.It is a fact which ought to be pretty wellknown by this time that one of our cardinal principles is to give everybody fair play, and to treat the topics of tbe day with entire free- domfrombiasorprejudiceofanykindwhat- ever. Itisinthisspiritthatwe"have paidpar- ticular attention; to the American tour of tbe Prince of Wales^ A t all the places which the royal party have visited we have bad one or more reporters J especially detailed to write down exact accounts of what was said and done by everybody concerned in the recep-tmCl K.W.OOHDOFrCU-W AW>MASSACBT8. *t*4 *» moil «t<» i« at Athfcgton and Albany by a set of men where against the republican Presidential ticket.rs*MX«*»*• rt*i <y <*« -"*"•....^ " * • ,matrtrtund atnkripiM *te*"»,*salttothevarioussaltports,asnootheremploy-y "Unqualified for those important posi- ring the last three or four weeks theblefe of the fag ends of the numerous frag hsjve been going on in our midst, and the ns that have assembled and nominated dates have put forward representa- t least half a dozen factions. Amongted for the State Assembly are embers of the last Legislature who d voting with the piratical crew of -, and among the list of Congressional are some of the ex-Aldermen who ght disgrace upon the city by their n a | the City Hall, and several other worth- iphers who have no idea of the dutiesber of CoDgress.is, however, a gleam of hope that order of things is about to take that the political vagabonds who haveWe are wasting time in discussing mere party measures, and party Ebstractious, and personal rivalries of party candidates, when the constitu- tion sod the Union are at stake upon the vital Issue of the "irrepressible conflict.'*A SOUTHERN LION AMOKQ Us.—Thk even- ing Mr. Yancey, the great Southern fire-eater, celebrated for bis eloquence and the pecu- liarity of his views, will deliver an address at the Cooper Institute, in this city. Of coarse he will have a large attendance. Everybody wants to know what be has to say.HEW8 FROMTHE NATIONAL CAPfflCTWASBUWTOX,Oct. t, 1 OCX DOTICl'imS WITH m c AMD CSTLB.Despatches ware reeelved a t tbe Department o fthis mornicg from our Mtniiten at Pern aad Qjtle. la regard tj Parnvisa affairs, Minuter Clay states thatrftjr AA/X r HZMALJJ MMre»oJMTnop* 87» « ***«*.mentoffeip.T h equantityo fproduceexportedr** WXJCMir UK.RAL1* mmw ftw*r<i,.» at ii> anfe *#rt the present season amounts to 43,503 hhda. sugar, *w*. or S3 K T —m—i t»* ftOTifw SdMim • « » W»i«»e**iy,•(a«rmilp*ran,M>»•»•amm>toanyfmrfo'©remBrUattt,Culi/orma *Mtvm m. tkt Ut IIt* and lUt of rntrk noniA. at tie ami- per <vp* or $1 tQprr inimn.TUM tAMILY BKHALI) rm Wmh*mUm, at four cento per""TbtU'iV fAHYltoHRXM'OItDBltCB, ttmtoimm* imports* Mm —Hritrttfrom anyewartere/ tA«wrM; ir' utd, will M *»rr*%paidjar. get*,oil roasic* WMHMHW1"A*a PA»T1CCLA*LT RM0I>T1I< « 0 S l . L > f t L*TT**A O l T44X- MM Milt W19,244puncheons molasses, 623puncheonsrum,112 bales cotton a n d 9 4 gourds aloes. Horses, extinguished chem. About half-past nf~AJiasJDUurrs THIS IVBHIMQ.don her. Fortunately, the steamer w* a" dantly provided with boats, and althoifrJ first launched was stove by the heavy se ;'vwas running at thetime,the remaining igot ojff with the whole of the passeng crew. 591 in number. A brig,Schiflir, which had observed tbe stenals of distress, bore down to them abo,and by halt past nine in tbe evening all *he p sengers were safely, placed on board of*ier.No opinion hag as yet been offered \ ji& t | origin of the leak. Captain Leach is c ^ " ~ '• explain how it occurred, the vessel beione, builtof iron anddividedintowa compartments. Heir workmanship wione instance has: the HERALD of the day failed to give the public full information as to what tiie Prince did! on the previous one. Our special despatches from Halifax, St. Johns and other places in the provinces cost a great deal of money; but we believe that if anything is worth doing at all it is worth doing welLEIBI.O'8 OAEDKM. Eroadwsy.—El*e LSA*.|f U T U UAKftA »r»o».. at>IKMM« Bon*a«T MAXa«u>«— ET Y oc»e Wtra ASD OU> USSSSIAA.K)tni rKBATSE. tfowary -Tn Finn Aim m fiaewa •» la*no*~TAIUOB or F u n s .WAiXAUE'i THEATEB Broaawer -PunAO Wwn Fun.We have thus been able, thanks to the tele-graph and our own reporters, to give a de- driv >n back to their hiding places, from which nothing new had transpired since tbe date of bis last des-UACTSA E C U S ' * ABOOATHSATBB,Ho. SMBroadway.-patches. Be, however, exoected a definite aasww frost thej 8ho|iid have never emerged. The forma- Castilla during t h e ensuing week. What that •Mast"tion of I Union electoral ticket is working like would be of course be bad ao means of knowing JudgtagMEW ttOWBBt THEATRE. Bowery—J**T WOMM OF tiLi MODIU Tuit—AAramwuBA*ETJM»8 AMEBlOAH MUSEUM, dw»dw.y.-Jis u d Ewaln*—JOIWI «»r Hr» Haarsass-LiYIS« Ovuosi- tiea * » _ _ _ _ _SETAirWMIMHTKBha,MeeAaox*UAu.171Btoadway.- B v u m t m . *a*«a TUscsa, An.—Hcasaa AT PBUUIM'RHIBiO'8 H\LU«<M, Broadway -Hooi-s» A CA»-»_ix*t cutia, they will do. Here are the reported ma- afloat. l u M u t ' i in KT.iortAJi Hoaoa, BowiaAauss, Dances, AC.— jorities from seven counties, as compared withtailed history of the Prince's tour. It has not been a dry record of the main events of the journey; but the absurd, amusing and ludierou- side as well as the more serious view has been taken. Thajtisour system. Wehave a right tocallitours,fpralthoughitisnowknowna*was the first journal that ever tried the expert one of tie significant features of this new order home, is untrue. Tbe government think tt lti xedient, Inment of reporting passing events exactly a* tbe present unsettled stats of affairs between the two of things That assemblage, in and around thethey take place,;and giving pen and ink photo Cooper ipstitate, is the triumph of tbe inde- governments, for him to leave his postViiufitaiA Men*v.OA*TBEiii E l M0B10 HALL.Broadway-SOIOS, the republican estimates published in yester- day's HtkAi.D of what these counties wouldgive, to wit:—AlleghanyThe discovery of fire so soon after was detected, and the rapid progress w flames made alter the alarm was given, to our mind a clear explanation ofTRIPLESHEET.Reported actual rttatti6,600 5,000 MX) 8 0 0 750 7 0 0 2,300JZepuoKsane'ttmat-'tgraphs of ail remarkable scenes and incidents. The English call this "sensation" journalism. We accept the definition. The British system is quite differeht from ours, although the cheap Londondailypressisrapidlymakinginnovapendent! press and public opinion over the combfieel efforts of the trading politicians of all grades and importance, and is an emphatic warning|,o all such small fry politicians as John A. Greed, Gid. Tucker and Jim Brady, who areTbe Chilian government teemlto be decidedly sversa i s any honorable or satisfactory adjustment of pending dif- ficulties Matters therefore remain In ttatu quo.TBE Dnrrr/KBAircBs AT rAxaaADespatches were received this morning at lbs Navy De-partmeu t from Captain Porter; whe is tn command at Pa u i t . He gives a lengthened account of tbe disturbances there. and says that manlfestl* tbe obj-ct of the persons engaged in it was for the pursose of plunder. H e says that they Lad captured one of the ringleaders, aad that it was hoped and believed order would shortly h e re- stored. The despatches were laid before the Cabinet a tHe—' Vol.,WtdntidA), October 10.1840* Lancaster Schuylkill600 600 800 7002,000cause by which so many English BnaMjpt^ amongst others tbe Royal William, hsSjfe pe.. lost, namely, spontaneous combustiosoft Erglieh coal which is commonlyf k iHAM* FOR fUBOPB,• • - » V«r» Herald -Coitton (.strop*Eatand other high priced papers adhere to the oto plan; they are intensely heavy, terribly re spectable, and permeated with sentiment of the most profound deference for th** three estates of the realm. In their articles, reports and letters, they often pay more attention to style than to facts andconsider•mannermoreimportantthan matter; they are awfully shopked at the fre* and easy journalism of the United States, and hold up their hands in holy horror at our " beads." They cannot understand why we do not treat distinguished persons with that awfulfrom undijr, or they will be crushed by the onward parch of this mighty conservativeThe Canard mall steamship Persia, Capt. Jadkins, w i s *«avs this port to- lay for Liverpool.TEA •aropaasi «MIW will close tn this oily this mors tag Et a quarter to teo w'nioc-ttaefimiiiKB*—osnovaaHssuu**tu»•publishes at ai. s o*esMk <• *"» i»»i»">t Vefie «>p»«s tn wras> •ars, si* eeaucounties the reported actual majorities for sulpiuret of iron which it contains, Curtin, the republican candidate for Governor, the entrances of the pits the slack o. i exceed, by three thousand, the estimates of the coals in which decomposition has b* la republicansuponwhichtheyfootedupama-jority in the State of twenty thousand. On the rain are frequently to be seen in coiibtisThere is now no mistaking the signs of the their meeting to day.times, thftt whatever other States may dothere lis a fair prospect, of a triumph of the OffE PAT LITER FROM EUROPE. ULion>fortiesintheEmpireStateovertbesec-tional! .rjbublican party and their newallies-l-Grfen, Tucker and Brady; not,however,HavictoryoftbeRegencyfaction,rn rictnc.•rill l«*v* tills port to-morrow, a t noon, for AapiawaU. ra* IAAUA»WCEliformtA and otSer parts «f IE* -aelEeWiUatosaatle*o-ruoo*tomorrtwatoramgt a s 'vsw T oss WSBRXV qssAi-tv-i Aitromia edition—lican estimate. But, almost without an excep- heat unquestionably occasioned the itfdtJmagic; from the ruins left by the clans at Charleston and Baltimore—*€llti«ia"the mail steamship Northern Light, Oapt Tinkiepaugh, sult in our political affairs, it is safe to conclude„ „ Vera H»ravHt—aJaUIlwrsisstelection indicate a decisive revolutionary re-Franklin Blair Huntington Erietions and copying from us. The London T'nnen trying tolelect Lincoln; that they must stand/NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNES^OCTOBER 10, 1860.-TRIPL]mules and oxen from Kentucky and Buenos Ayres are likely t o pay well.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 3,500 bales, closing quite steady, bet without quotable change tn prises. Flour opesed dull and heavy, but a s the day ad- TEBcea the demand improved, and Kales became more ao- tive, and prices closed with steadiness. Wheat was in good reqnesft s a d active, a t full prices. Corn w a s steady but not very aetive. The sales embraced Western mixed a* HE, a 71c, and Western yeUow at TOc. a 76c. Pork was dnil and sales limited, including new mess at $19 a $19 12)., and prime at $14 80 Sugars were quite steady, with sales of 8C0hhds> 1,048 boxes and 288 hhda melado, at rates given in an- other column. Coffee was firm, and sales were limited. The stock embraced 63$ bags Rio, 8.T88 do. MaraoMbo, 580 Lagoay ra, 9,900 mats Java, 800 go rerumeut bags do., and 411 bags H. Domingo. Total 18,719 packages, stocks of Rio in New Orleans were 16,000 bags Rio, and In Balti more 8,000 do. Freights were rather easier for Liver- pool, while engagement*! were to a fair extent.The Pennaylvanta Election—The Hepob- licams Victorious.on Sunday smoke was discovered issui the aft smoke hole, and theflame*an jointly made such head that the passengePennsylvaniahasspoken. SheislostOur bestandmostsubstantialdescription, returns are scanty, but. like the wound of Mer- was justly regarded as one of the fineifrad*. jjrhegreatoutpouringofthemassesat TliestatementthatMr Bigier,oarMinistertoCalls, the American system, the NEW YORK HJSRALD tbe Voi^i ratification meeting Monday night is bad received permission from our government to returnotherhand,itappearsthatFoster'smajorityin Philadelphia, from the returns reported. Is be-ThesteamshipNorthBriton,fromLiverpoolSeptem- ber 27, via Londonderry on the 28tb, arrived off this the T|mi£Jany faction, the Mozart faction, point at six o'clock this evening. Her dates are one dayfa* ooateatsmtME^aoeaAajtumusutrasMmutearm SAtafcta* «a* asvrs receives »> man ana veiegrenh attfea aseee taring the oreviouui week, sad up to the hoar tween four and five thousand, which is some been smouldering in the coal bunks 1 r sf tablteattoAtbst the popular majority will be increased ratherthandiminishedbythelullreturns.expected. We know that our system is the a p best, because! it is founded on this theory: in t h e thenewsfirst;;otherthingsmaybeconsidered fishan afterwards llFe have given the news of thw l o n g hpassed Father Point at six o'clock last evening. fromOhio,Indiana,Iowaor Minnesota,atthe owners. No passenger, or,indeed,aJ HerEuropeandate*areonedaylaterthanthose timeofclosingtheseremarks;but,fromthe kindofvessel,shouldbeallowedtolefv« w e have y e t published; b u t a s the telegraph wires results in Pennsylvania, it is probable that the ports without passing an inspection uh-betweenSt.ThomasandRiverduLoupweredown last night, w e were unable t o receive bar news.wholebruntofthebattlenowrestsuponNew York.wouldsatisfytheauthoritiesthatshe\fa|lp vided with the number of boats reqt Mje accommodate the full number of tU board. • |jjIn the next place, it is to be hoped iloss of thisfinevessel will have the impressing upoji steamship companies ijbfjd gers resulting from the use of bilumin^hlo As a general rule, nocoal in whichf abound in considerable quantity ahj employed at sea. There may be. a d4 tage, both in point of economy and sjj usingotherfuel,buthumanitydicW.We received yesterday intelligence of thetotallossofthesteamshipConnaught,oftheUalwayline,while onthepassagefromSt.Johns,N.P.,for Boston. In the account of the disaster whichwe publish it is stated that on the evening ofSaturday last, when about o n e hundred a n d fifty strictions on commerce, the opening of oursuch enf|r?Congressmenas Hon.John Coch- TheWesternTransportationCompany'spropellerMountmiles from Boston, the ship sprang aleak in the coasting trade and the abolition of toe right ofengine room, and in spite of every effort to keepher free the leak gained so rapidly as to finally the Chamber of Commerce last evening, ina extingtiu-h t h e fires. O n Sunday forenoon t h eveaael was also discovered to be on fire. TheHemes spread rapidly, and defied the exertions ofthe erew and passengers to subdue them. Provi-dentially, at this critical moment the brig MinnieBoston,hoveinsight,andrescuedalloaboardthe canonlyrepeatthatMr.LindsaycanachievereprleentithecityatAlbanyandWashington, will peceive our hearty co-operation.steamer , numbering 5UI souls. T h e Minnie Schiffer arrived Et Boston about o n e o'clock yesterday, and three hundred c f t h e Connaught's passengers left that oily for New York b y the Fall River route in the afternoon, the balance of them remaining in Boston. The Connaught had £10,000 in gold on board belonging to the British government, shipped Et St. Johns, all of which was lost.The Prince of Wales reached Philadelphia yes- terday , but in consequence of the excitement amongnothing here at, this time of political excite RESIGNATION OF JUDGE PIERREF ment, but he may learn much. It is desirable MARKABI-K LETTER.—We publish in that uniform rules shall be adopted for the column a remarkable letter add guidance of navigation; but the opening of the day by Judge Pierrepont to Governor coasting trade to foreign flags, and the aban- reeigning bis office as Judge of the donment of our volunteer system of naval de- Court, on the ground of the wretched ao* fence, we cannot concede, with safety to our- dation afforded for a court room, while t selves and justice to our national interests. are expended in all sorts of extravagsi His labors may do something towards awaken- public plunder.T i e GIREAT ARGCMENT AGAINST LINCOLN'S having declined.Tb« Population ot L,oalavllle. I/risviLia, Kg., Oct. 9, 1889Official census returns ec:>fr a population of 70,IT2, including 6,401 ooiored.Tlte VVlnans Steamer.NUSOOLK. Oct. 9, IBM.The fast bay line ateamer Adelaide waa badly beaten yesterday tn a trial of speed with the Winans steamer. The latter ran by and around the Adelaide with the great-bate yesterday. Hi* property is divided among be seen by some accounts of the Prince's arri-his family.val and reception wbioh we publish elsewhere- In pursuance of the order of Judge Pierrepont, Even the Dutch colonists proved themselvesthe Shenfl has procured the chamber of the Board of Aldermen for the temporery accommodation of oneofthebranchesortheSuperiorCgnrt.held responsible for anything, and no tpears to have the power to do anyt&urg > jutmischief." He points out the inconsisfe|c^|of large debt of gratitude to the Prince of Wales.oloody dissolution of the> Union. ToB'ltndue,EndthatthebalancebegiventotheAlmahonae Department. The Comptroller also•Mttoaninterestingstatement,showingthefinan-cial condition of the county. The document isprinted In our report of the proceedings. TheComptroller furthermore recommends immediateaction in the tax levy. The ameunt overdrawnlatestfteailingsofMr.Seward,tbegreathead steady:measpork,$1960,priw,$147$ iAT',13cMB.LISDSATBKFOBBTHENEWYORKCHAM- BEROFCOMMERCE.—Mr.Lindsay,thefreelance in diplomacy, who has come over here from Englanc to agitate the removal of sundry re-foughtontopbfthePalisades,and manyother itemsmorenovelthancorrect.Norwasthis veracious chronicler any better informed as to the history and geography of the British Pro-his letters, the English people know more of date6pat lone of those engaged in the bucca- with ber cargo is a total loss.Mesopotamial|tan NovaScotia,of Timbuctoo neeringopfrttionsoflastsessionwillfindtheir The Albany, Vermont aad Canada Rail-capture ofprivate propertyatsea,addressedthan of New runswick, of Nineveh than ofCanada The ondon Times correspondent was has f|r its; objects the defeat and overthrow ofspeech which will be found in another column. The speech reiterates the points of that he de- liveredsomedayssinceinBoston,withoutthe addition of any new matter—upon whichcareful not to enlighten his readers, but couldJudge Peckham has continued tbe injunction to pre-4,000There can be no doubt that13,700Thus it will be perceived that in these seven the heat evolved in the decompoeitioarmy.l |yTotal16,850board these steamers frequently ignfrom the statement of the captain, the4 % two or three thousand better than the repub- time, the expansion of the vessel's plat s Ijt h e D o | g l faction, or tbe Bell faction, but a Lrespect which |is considered their due in Eng- triumph o: a new Union party that has sprunglater than those already received.MOltTEEAt, Oct 9 - 9 P. M.The wires are interrupted betwean St. Thomas and River du Loop, with no chance of them getting to work again to-night, consequently we shall be unable to obtaintion, where the first reports of an importantdo not see how in any other way such^|a|a| dent in a new and substantially builtIeel could have occurred. *HAs there is no calamity without Bland, i .; up, a s If b All this is very English, and therefore to be\ crazy pollpensatiDgbenefit,thereare twovaluab We shall therefore experience no surprise which the loss of this noble steamer{controloftheparties ot the day. Norfolk Counties, Virginia. BAXTTEOSB, O ct. 8 . 1 8 8 9 .oftbeburningofthes*eanE«hip.ConnEUg|^|n| Brltlali and American Journalism Con-driven on deck. It Boon became evidf .«»—« therewerenohopesofsavingthevew^an-Jtions,officialandotherwise,andtosendthemaccident.6,000 blevesselowesherdestructiontot'tened by the- heaps being saturat |d| frontthiscause. If,asthereisreasontejbA r r i v a l o r t n « Nortta. B r i t o n . FAIHAK POINT, Oct. 9,188S.statsislag ta* mum lateiliganoe frona ell uarts of las if the majority for Curtin in Pennsylvania press!upon shipowners. The first is awerM,w*Uialane*soaatityoflooajand«isnelianeouishouldexceedfifteen,twenty,oreventwenty-bilityoftheirsendingtheirvesselsto» BritishjournalsaweekortendaysbeforetheythePre^Hdetotialquestion,isbeingextendedtosentthatallis«,uietagaininNorlolkandPrincessEaser, wlU be pnbHsaad at nine o'clock is th« morning i aopioa, in wrappers, ready far saaUug, six esnu Agents wlO pleas* ew e <» their eflers as early as potiifci*T h e S e v nElections for State officers took place yesterdayfive thousand. At all events, enough is known to enable us to form afinalopinion with re- gard to the vote ot Pennsylvania in November. It will be Lincoln. The hopes of the conserva- tives now rest upon New York. They have aout a sufficient number of boats to pr< "iCe the safety of the passengers and ere r yi event o'shipwreck. In the present ca%-to the humane End liberal precaution Galway company, nearly six huudre/The Norfolk Herald says that sufficient testimony has been elicited since Friday to folly justify the strict police surveillance that was instituted,in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indians. T h e greatest majority in this State against the revolutionaryexcitement prevailed throughout last evening to anti-slavery crusade of the republican party ofascertain »he result of the contest in Pennsylvania. at leastfiftythousand. A few days will deterThe returns that have reached us may be found mine whether it is to be mustered into a solid they been on board some |under the appropriate bead in another column.The steamship North Briton, which left Liver- poolonthe27thandLondonderryonthe2-*thult.,column,orfritteredaway. WehavenosatisfactoryreturnsathandAmerican vessels under the same ' stances. Our laws should be so astoleavenoalternativeonthispointfpeople!let Idme attention be paid to the judi- cial, cpuntiyt Legislative and Congressional tickets*whichareofvitalimportancetotheTexas Indian Depredations.New Oataam, Oct. 9,1880.were preserved from the certain which they would have been expNowlhatltbe Union electoral ticket has been hearing of the affair, took to the woods, more froi^pttght completed and emphatically endorsed by the than anything etas. A patrol force has gone ta searchofand |he selection of worthy and upright men to Albany to Eagle Bridge, Rensselaer county. Schiffer,CaptainWilson,boundfromMalagaforwecommentedonapreviousoccasion.Wewherethesafetyofhumanlifeiscon tobuylandsoreratherthantobedeludedbyfillfheseveralcityandcountyoffices,andtothe people in regard to the election his arrival at- ing our widely extended mercantile communi- "More than six years ago,"he observBtracted little attention comparatively.Mr. Wm. S. Lindsay, member of the British Par-liament, had a n opportunity last evening o f pre- senting before the Chamber of Commerce his views in reference to proposed changes in the maritime End commercial laws of England and the United States. H e spotoe tor one hour in a plain, businesslike manner, and was listened to with great atten- tion. He meets the Executive Committee of the Chambertodayatnoon, tohave a full andfree conference onthesubjects discussed.The stockholders of theArtisans' Bank metlast evening, a n d adopted a series o f resolutions asking the depositors to give them till the 8th of January next to wind up their affairs,'without going to the expense of a receivership. The meeting adjourned toteao'clock this morning,when the depositorsty to a uniformity of action regarding their in- terests, from which good may flow.BRITISH PRINCES ON THEIR TRAVELS.—We have already alluded to the fact that while the Prince of Wales has been journeying through North America, his "little brother" Alfred has been representing the home government at the other end of the world. Like his grandfather, William the Fourth, the younger brother of the heir apparent has entered the British navy. H e is now a jolly young midshipman, and, like the celebrated Mr. Bowline, has become "the dar- ling of his ciew." At the last accounts, Prince Alfred'sship,theEuryalus,WasattheCapeofold City Hall was burned down, and tt % took temporary refuge in the firemen's^cfan engine house. It has been compelledfr>| ta-rating together for no other object than Lin Colb's defeat.est ease.Her performances sstontahed all witnessesKe-Arrest of S. M. Booth. MnwAcrn Oct. 9,1880.The Judge is perfectly right. His act will determine what course they intend to pursue Good Hope, and the mixed population of her letter draws a graphic picture of <jver^rollsoftheconstitution. Tbepolicyofthe IHietootherbanks DepositsrepOblwan party, in short, on the subject oi Circulation slavfsryf involves the subjugation of the Southunder the circumstances. Majesty's African colonies were in a state ol government., to which we invitetheattet' Thewillofex-JudgeMasonwasadmittedtopro- intensedelightovertheirnewsensation,aswill ourreaders.Hetrulysaysthat"no|Snoi,KEEPER8.-fTbe proprietors of our fashion-ablemillineryestablishments,ofthegreat ernjStalestothedemandsottheabolitionists,Cotton—Sales to >tay 8,000 bales at an advance <f tc middling, 10)»c. a 10Xc Sugar, 6c.. new, l O ^ c Fiour dull at $8 a $6 05 Kr sjperSne Prov'ston* declininganythingbut"boors"when thePrincepassed l t k: lavishingtdential contest, ana this is argument hjrifavorofthefusionotallconserva-with bills of lading 107 % 107 j^ ^igbt exchange on New Yort yt p*rcentdiscounttoparMORILS. Oct 8, 1860Cotton—Salestoday4000balesat10>c fo middling. 4throughtheirterritory.Theymusthavebeen considerably worked up. when they gave-~ - ~ money upon the entertainA*|ii foreignprinces,;and yetneglectingto?a building for the administration of p? ill; INever before las their business been so active.The best artificers in the metropolis have hadtheir hands fill of work during the last sixweeks,andnow, as they are just completingtheir labor of love, we have collected some in-formationastoitsresults,givinganaccountofthe chef d'oruv^es. in the way of dresses, jewel- and all piher questions affecting tbe domestic CoUor—Sates today vCO bales, i>rtces ranging ins*At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes-terday a communication wasreceived from the their authorities carte blancheto spend as tice,or"toconstruct,agovernment wkjbi Bute Comptroller stating that the Board of Equali- much money as they thought proper protect us in the enjoyment of our U? sation of Taxes h*v» fixed the aggregate valuation in the facilitation of the Prince's journey be- liberties and our properties." The ifijfrs;: of property in the county of New York at yond theirfrontier. All along the Prince's$550,078,778,uponwhichamountaStatetaxof routehewasfetedandaddressedexactlyashis toworse,"makingharlotsofourwoaie. $2,108,635 82mast belevied forthe current year-being 3 6-6 mills on the dollar. The Comptroller,on behalfoftheStateInebriateAsylum,sentinmaapplicationformoneysreceivedhytheExciseCommisRiomere. The sum claimed amounts to$4,366. TheamountreceivedbytheExciseCom-miasionera amoaute t o #43,«tid. The ComptrollerrecemmendedthattheAsylumhepaidatoncethe engagedinopeningtheVictoriaBridge,Alfred edbyeveryoitisen.Sal«s of tbrce days, 13 eOG tm'ei Receipts of three oave, e%in the North of all parties against the 8.000 baies sight exchange on Ne* VorK at par t> \brotherhasbeeninCanada. Bothofthemhavehad a dash at field, sports, the elder shooting quails,partridge*andprairiechickensontheIllinois prairie, and the younger bringing down dence as to tell tbe truth, however unp*U;ArcrsiA.Oct. 8,l»sS.buckBandharesontheAms^rdamflats.And itmaybetothousandsamongus.Hiscommerce for this country, and our modistes the consFlour steady: fiowird str-et ana onto. $6 62X a E» T \ tional rights of the South. Under City Mills, S i 37;*—* decline of 12H°- Wheat Brat: re l, $130aSI36;whit.-,$142a$162.Cornsteady,wbite,at about the same time that Albert Edward waswaalayingthefoundationstoneofthebreak- water and harbor works at Table Bay.Therecanbenodoubtthattheseroyaljour- neys have a very benefldal effect They strengthentheattachmentofthecoloniatstothe homegovernment, afford toalow communitiesought to be read, marked, learned add Astoourccurtroomsandotherjjkandcunningworkersintheprecious.metals arepubiandcostlygemsarebutalittlebehindthe nadministration—itwelooktothe85ca87c.;yellow,70c.a72o.ProvisionsqnietaaJthese considerations should exercise n<Wales' tour as triumph? of the American ever rn ain there ever since." Three years ^ o :hethe British system of journalism. And it doesLdmitting all this to be tru". there is still a Sat argument in favor of these Union coali- tions which comptetely overshadows all other considerations; and here it is: -Lincoln is the candidate of a sectional anti-slavery party, pledge® to ihe prosecution ol their war againstbar held a meeting and passed resolute is<\«- T " I T I -•claring "theroomsunfit forthetransacton its business, ruinous to the health and p ous to the lives of those who were obl|j attend within them." Yet not a ston$w^s been laid for a new court. Under tim^ cumstances, Judge Pierrepont declares /tfjatf' "the freedom of vacation has restore'his former health, he is not willing toit again by daily confinement in poison* |fnot speak well-for the profession on the other aideofthewater,that,whileeveryoneattached to the royal party has behaved in a manner cal- culated to will the esteem and even affection of all with whom they have come in contact, the only persons who have made any trouble, or behaved discourteously in any way, have been the representatives of the English and Ca- nadian press. Let us hope that they will even- tually be taught better manners.THE PRINCE OF WALES AND THE NEW YORKDeputy Tnited 8s*W3 Marshal Taylor last night arrested at Berlin, Wisconsin, S. M. Booth, who escapel from the Custom House in Augutt last, where he wasooDfined forjnolatioc of the Fugitive Slave law. He was brought u Ebts city this morning, where he remains in custody ofnbe Marshal.the city are every day proceedingfi< |g \] :andfbreli|ipolicycfthenextadministrationat 8,Sctoll^Crogues of our men;' This satire u\ folly Is justly merited, and we are glaox JudgePierrepontexhibitsomuchfideformationwilll>efoundinanotherpartofto-weigffled |f$ainst this paramount and vital ques-CSARUWTuS, OCl 8 . I860 Cotton—Salesto-day2,000bales,atunchangedraw* CHAJU.B!T33>.OCl8,ISA)buildings, they are disgraceful,of the character of the Empire Ci United States, the centre of its thegreatemporiumofItscommerc scoundrels who are plunderingbest Paris artists. In fact, many of the beet of bin „jn workmenand.,womeninjthegaycityhave—therights of theSouth under theCofiee steady at 14c. a 16 *c. WbUkey dull at 22c PBTLADXU-HIA, O ct 9 , 1868and- ^Flowquiet. Wheatfirm.Sales3,000bushelsredat found New Yprk a more profitable field of conBtifutifQ will not be respected, but they $1 32, white. $1 40 a $1 46 Corn steady an 1scarce yai-alreadyreaches$33Vs9. alittlenecessaryexcitement,and.morethanEIIyearhaveotherfishtofrybesidesai scenesfofdiscordandstrilebetweenthefederalsales6,000bushels.RyesteadyatV-z.OatsdullSt*«.Our correspondent E t Bridgetown, Barbadoes, give to the Princes a knowledge of the world writingonthe12t|nit.,says:—Theblandhasbeen and ofthepopulations they will hereafterSavoredwith excel!- .t weather for the growing govern,whichtheycannotobtainbyanyother ed,andtheywillpursue this gameto36>,c. a 38c.; Canada Last, 86140. Corn inactive, at and Southlrn local authorities, rapidly culmi- 67 V - fo* Western miaed, delivered Barley in fair *•• maud,butprimelotsscarce:sake20,000busbek.atTie.the proper business lor which they W< | of the chapter, till the people rise upUntitled Documentthe halls of- Congress. Let there be such an vinces. As is very properly hinted in one of arrangement in regard to tbe Assembly candi"smart"agent whodealinMississippiswamps. Tbe Times hja so great and generally well deserved a re utation for its correspondence, that evierybc y has been much disap- pointed \ at tpe way in which so capitala subject as the Prince's visit has beenslaughtered, lit is idle for the foreignsreportersto attempt to divert attention from thVir failureby abusing the American journalists, and thenwriting pathetic letters to the same papers asking for the courtesies due to confreres. Such to Lincoln, but that, with all their lifelong tricks only exrJose still more openly the disap- hostilities .agailis?t each other upon great prin- pointment and chagrin which they are intended J ciples, tie5 various factions concerned are ope to hide. We c|aim the reports of the Prince ofThe Albany 13are;esse* Corps. ALBAJTT, O ct. 9 , 1880.Hall Ktngsley was elected Captain of the Albany Bur- gesses Corps, Major Sprague, of the United states army,Broadway bazars, the jewellers, dressmakers, tailors and fancy goods dealers, owe a veryis revolutionary programme it is onlyto defeat the republican party in Whiskey, 21%c. Exchange oa London 108 a 108X, a o *had levejfything their own way so long will b emag c upon these barroom combinations, andisdestroying the feuds which havegiventhepothpusO politicians their food and stock in termine it one way or the other.thit owes its origin to the Indignation a word of the North Briton's news. ublic mind toward the action of the sel-rupulouspoliticiansthathavese TbeWefjroliltingtmPrint**a Attn*andtoms th|tt the wrangles of the petty, trading wardprincely tour |to the London Times and other This e feeling, so thoroughly aroused upon The scconnts received here to day from Norfolk repre- obtained it from any other source. The Times our locUtl affairs, and there are already symp- counties.sent over a special correspondent, whose lettershave been systematically forestalled by thearrival of the; American accounts, sometimes a forwarfflforitfe several offices to be filled at the A considerable number of arrests of negroes have beenfortnight before them. It was well that this made.happened, as; [the letters of the reporter re- Goming|eleltion. ' Nearly nil tbe negroes on t ao or three plantatt£a.esthem.AdvicesfromTexasstatetsatthe*Indiandepredationsand the "settlers of New England" have been ed 'oniipf all Union loving men upon DBTEorr, Oct. 0, 1888.cabals ^ili be forced to give way to the pres- %ferred to were) not only singularly stupid, but,were full ot the most absurd blundersas to matters of fact, statistics, and general information which is at the handsof everytraveller. Wefind,inaletterfrom New York, that convicts are sent to city. LetfiMbuyingandsellingcoalitions,and in that State continue, and that General Houston has Blackwell'sIsland"forlife,andalmostinvaria- theworthlessphilosophersplacedinnom- orderedacompanyofsixtymountedriflementothe bly pardoned out directly afterwards;" thit ination/ by i them, be cleared away as so rontier. battlesbetweenaWesterntribeofIndians much rubbish,andlettherebeaconcert- Kxploslonox• PropellerandLossorLlts.from the recent friendly manifestations o f Castiila s a d other officials, ha was half persuaded to believe that mat- ters would yet be adjusted. A few daj e, he says, will de-atRelegationmaybesenttoWashing- Vernon,withacargoof20,000buabtisofcornaad600rune,ton fr m this city that will have some voice inbarrelsofflour,explodedberboilernearPointanPeine bis morning, instantly killing the second engineer, Theo. Reese, and a fireman named Jan. Conklln, aad slightly in- juring several others. The vessel sunk immeuntely, sadway back jjjto Albany. Every movement ^hatr o a d . •ALBAirr, Oct. 9 , 1888.tbe njumerjpuB trading and mercenary politicalnotrefrainfro asneerattheUnitedStates,ina factionsthathavesolongdisgracedthecity, venttheremovaloftherailsfromtwentymilesofthe letter from Ne Brunswick, advising immigrants Northern or Albany, Vermont and Canada Railroad, fromELECTION; O u r republican organs affect t o b e disgusted}*at t h e Union coalition movementsI J rwraimed at the deftNfe of Lincoln. We are thus told! that there is no principle recognized among t|ese Union elements in their opposition"thJB slJve power" until "all the States shallbe I T h e Boston W e e k l y B a n k Statement.free States." The republican programme fur the prosecution of this war. under the forms and pro- fessions of constitutional authority, strikes at theCapitalstock lAjausand discounts SpecieI >ue from ether banksBo.-TO.v, Oct S . 18*9 $37Ml TO 6*671^206.316 009 8.83S 1<X>9WUU20sil*«l 7,951,023Market*. NswOKLBASS,Oct8,ISMlic$h8-gOvernmental measures concerning thepercentdiscount.Cotton—Sales to day £,<0 bales, market Orm and ciotedtariff! intfrnal improvements, the public lands, with as advancing tendetcy.SAVAJXAH,Oct 8, I860ry andotherimatters'of personal adornment,manufactured expressly for the bail. This in- Washington, are as dust, in the balance when Cotton—Sales to day 700 balt-s M*rket e. -ijytionqjf\MpreservationoltheUnion. Itcan andrefinement,aswellasoftrade,financeand onlybepleservedbytheadhesionoftbe fede- vanoeofJ,c.day's paper. New York is the centre of tasteCotton—Sales to-day 2,000 ba.ee at tc. a 11 ^c , au ad nilgov aienttotheconstitution,including BALTTMOAB,Oct S,1818will ble trl^npled under foot.The clnsequences of Mr.Seward'spro-low 7 3 c a 74c. Coffee—Rto, H ^ c a 16c Provisions steady. Whiskey steady at 22>i'- *23«^ropera-Jons thai Paris, and have exchanged theBoulevardsfoiBroadway. Asmanyofourbelles have sent abroad for their dresses,while others hive patronised native or ex patriatedartists,bePrince'sballwillgive,tocon-noisseursincrinolineasplendidopportunityto nating;infiesecessionotsomeoftbeSouthern a77c.forfourrowedState,82c.forCanadaF.tst,8$cfargraninte, which is Mr. Lincoln's, will first beALUAAT.Oct 9—1PM Flour lest active aad unchanged. Wheat market b t- ter: white Michigan, $148 a $1 60. red Micbgan, $1 $•;i.i.i|U".«U«JlSAVAWMH, Oct. 8, 18*0\ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comcriticise the various stvle* hv th» t^at «# A ...States Ian* in a civil war, whioh will be the ami Vtf'tkoiririlv nrmnlA* irjitilntionj n n that far>ACanada West.Whiakey, 22%c : aa.es 200 bbU Auujrr, Oct. 9—S P. M. 