 raft* •etfflrtin-/ to the « * « , yon wt« » y • «*** »»sut asajVOX POPULI. COUHN* littratw*w oil*'i wtfllake. m Oe exmUog erbits, fib i» lor them we are rigid nou-mi- r- iiiogtramadletericrenoewtaeoofft.;p,n, sodasklugalibsimmunity •n|«*-s * • have aaabs uig« tfter, felnj«uMthnnVv-,alioJthreequarters Ivlendayojffwrnticnuft.pUiioaandLeering Richmond, with which city he was greatly 1, and where liifjiimli desired to prolong ha stay, d through Washington as abovede- aaribad, aad reached Baltimore aooetnaifpast eightbytheBaltimoreaadOhioBadroed.lijaaa of Baltimore wiahod to give him A hoe rewilg report — aad, aastor ttta tattered fiag of old b t Tam- ettorProaaaeatialalec- many, fight Mas battle or the Uatoa and the tors, whico should be aatfauoci to the massee who re oowttlUittoe (Loud obeera.) To-nigat I ana say tagthe speci.il train reached Washington. ^ f l w a s excite- aeat and expectation.At last the train approached-, aad a band played the *Slax gpangled Banner .''wbieh the crowd cheered A s the Brain entered the dear* the tarn was changed to "Godtheir candidate Henry Arcalarius, the present assembly man of that district.The Convention for the Seventh district met at the cor- ner of Broadway and Thirteenth street, aad anaaunuusly nominated far Assembly James Nash.FIFTH COKSKBSnjoaAL DISTRICT OOSTEXTION. The regular delegates elected under the call of bothtne other for hi nqtiiamethem One ^ fir tree trade— ilikdupthestreetsandavenuesleadingtoit.Al'uiOnfinancialquiprotection.Ovia.rsaaarsabtysoundJOSHUJi J. HENRY, Chairman. JSBIAL BSAD, Secretary iNBW YOBS, Oat. 6 , I860Bate the Queen." The soldiers presented arms, end withtbrteheartycheersfro-QthecrowdtheFrineeentered MozartandTamaunyHalls,fortheFifihCongressionalhalf hour before the commencement of the pruceedtaga tta- rmed as if another score of people could uot powioiyfind room in the hall. But still the jam became greater their whdk cot 'with a single exception—theyResorted, That the thanksare hereby, presented to Ibe. gentlemen nominated aaekctors of President aad Vice ! it, who, with patriotic disinterestedness, wither tneir names in favor of have lastened their chains upon them for about fiftythe reception room P*,the depot. Here be was informallyreceived by Ma* or Swann and escorted to the Mayor* of Sidgeand Grand streets, and, after settling the con-To morrow morning he drives around the city in com- the National Democratic Votanieers, (whrnh meets this pany with the Mayor, and leaves by a special train for evening), for the purpose of a fusion on candidates.safety of the whole country; thtt we deem it to be an the moral. The republican party has but oae eye here, imperative duty to waive personal preferences as to can- and that to t h e negro. (Laughter and prolonged ap-Philadelphia between twelve and two o'clock. No levee or formalities of any kind anTheBellandIverett minute man paraded infrontof the hotel to night. ,THE PRINCE 3 VTBIT TO W ASHINGTON. WaainasToa, Oct. S, I860.BDaTsatnof the Princes visit a n in demand. Thegirls' scbocl, where he played at tenpins, received a firstlate advertisement thsrefrom. The deportment of theresident society of Washington, on the occasion of thisprivate visit of the Prince to the President was beyond allpraise. A very eoaaiderablo number of oar most pollenedand enlightened men and women, who would have beenA resoiut ion was also offered and adopted that the com - mittee consist of the chairmen of the delegations from the severa; warns, twasty of which were represented at the mootingTh.*Conventionratified the nomination ofMr John Hardy for Assembly from the Kleveatn district, and h is name was received with cheers.of the future. L et every true a edidates, and differences upon abstract questions, in favor of a union of patriotic citiaens dor the sake of the union of the states.plause )A Votes—Well, put it out.Mr. GBBABD—It to negro here, negro there, and negroeverywhere (Applause.) They have got but one idea. All their statesmen and all their leaders, m every speech, dwell upon the sternal negro, and I call thai a oae eyed Cyclopean party. (Reoewed cheers a n t laughter) Tney cannot see to the right, to perceive the grand principles that bind our country together. They cannot aee to the left, but they merely look at t b s "poor black African' — think o f nothing e a e , talk o f nothing else. Like Uljaaea let us putoutthat eye. (Cheers aad en thuaiastic cries o f "That w e will, with their oarn rail " ) There are among thto party those who carry aboiitionismlike a aether millstone abmt their neck; many good con servative republicans, many good men. 1am aot,my friends, in the habit of abusing all people who do not de-serve i t . There a r e many fine, noble causei Talive spirits in the republican ranks, aad I hope to eaten toeaa before t h e election comes o n . (Laughter and cheers ; What do they aay? "We are not abolitionists, we are conservative all w e want tojw prevent slavery from go- ing into territory now free.'' What a lie. (Loud cheers and laughter.) What a lie! Why, that to all we want. IfthatIsalltneywant,IttoallI want—all you want. (Cheers and hicset.) If taat were the case, if that were a J they want, New York would not pour out half of its popu- lation to-night to mark Its disapproval of them. Look at their apeeches. Look at the editorials of the republican press o f t h e country. Take their speakers, and ! will giveyouafewofthem. Ouroldfrtoad,WilliamB.Se-gbvd to have seen him, and whom b e would have beangtod to know, did aot even obtain a glimpse of hat him and insisted on having a fight. The conductor in-Mr. E, *.aideata. lie Ilist when t h ehear any tnore,! id >houted out a reenmmendation towiilbeiThSadeas P Mott, Marts Rothschild,Barrator the l>blueOar Bhip's the Const!* .Aand the rod, whits andbeing wrong.8. M. F&XTON, President.Commissioned to adopstead of at once putting them off, and thus protecting his itheyhadtoomuch self respect,and too passengers,triedtoconciliatethem,butinvain,andmat- i a regard for the proprieties of the occasion, ters got so bad that the patsengers arose en matte sad putceeded to speak in reference to j hem. FBuow-Cmzsso—I speak toJ:mat.—(atough)—notas ia fa' ofncan citizen. (Cheers.)only that I feel the greatplate the conjunction instand. (applause. A'•Send somebody out here,, for God's sake." Another• y W U f P I. I . •» '-• ' •yu'Tliy"Hpili' in- ,)iiW'P'iji-|.!i.iii....|.|[.!iii;,nij»i)i!|.ii,ii J ,»•! ,^.BBBjamBBBmSBBBlp i n into the depot eaeiosun, the doors of whlofi will becusrc to all oeuiOera OaJy Mayor Henry and ' i , K »rt••I!iil''.' "" ""'" * '"""J' '• nwji't-m I'"V ' ''*"•' '''mJ.hn HbJNeefiB,sarin* img t h s ttfMi through wrlfbt, the British Oonanl, will be on the stao^. to r e o e w willpats,andurgetaemMitodo there)alvs)iSer.Mthatany,astttttoapsasthlatarthe ThementionwUlbeviewedfm».aotarroualiag •toadinam or an even front when a galWy by a few iavtted spectators the repwtera ofi«f w t—I » addedtotheaaooihsurfaceof tb^pr-en ThePrioeewilltbra^ ^^^^ to jsee»rNairnStephen We have among our leaders a Giant with the rest—WB.BB TlaattoearsaiioBiDouglas,"LitUatttostoftheWest;" aafe,JobsSteward,Jr., Theacmbdsruthlugreetbus,where'erhepastasthaaagwi R L. wwbbsBwBV Forfe.»voice !? ratted for Uatoa, aad the rod, white asdAog. tmueaan,WattsSherman Thro,hurrafortheUstoai,AcHenry G Siebbbaa, K«ataeby has a gallaat aoa aboard oar seble bark—h>•KN'HteymveBteat. v»ryreepeitfuiiy,j. a oorrniuvx, Mjt Bth,Rsgt.THE BJLLL AT THE ACADEMY, ro rax somut o r TM* H«BUI.D,1aa**** theeweukr attawd byteeaeaaaitte*rt ,MonsterIffassJ5j£eeting(4*ff.. d VrffclJtiMcM#momy," vtt*ii( but <rits psiftdiic motives aud J a a ^ M a H u i:napesmwaitiag,anotfrlven*r^ cuoenuiHotel. lV w lrtaB l 0 w**, * K *•• * aaatfssof Broad streetthat ,***,'*STM"* ^r,-ac*»wm n grcsnlybnmlted,another m ? ^ ! > ^n*'1*1* •*• ssopted for the oonveyaam ofofMintLteMen.within«hirbTn-y 'rue* U4ti ini/rvrw#*< were, | o ifiaa#ni to make at!fer»>oal tacriacea ijinaoa<<t'uuiiah oi.egreatooject MiinnHiCouMi,w^omnet-ieetner i.»f tuweo'i * o a r e ready, as to-yJ<hnMcK«ttB sj D,. John H Morrfcon, Gecrg1, AdamSteddart, i.M.Vangohsick.fueakmridfe,aaifttoerwho'ssuretoaaasehismarkI t*>L ibe ti«M!a ef atexwo he fought with eoarage Was Fertb«hagthatfltatsforUnica,listhered,whiteandolb*-Then, hurra for the Unioo, Be.Aadthenwehaveaaotbar,aadsabasabssaautsa,tobe, Who »er,«d 1w cowry kaag aad wwfl, tbalto Ball, eftbasteaaaa;And Everett, whoserotoewaa tatted to rcsssr whs: wasdoe fTo the awmorv of the man who rawed theblue. ^ ^ Then, hurra »r the Caw, b eThese are all good and tne aws- as 1st aa aJF.r wuh lueh gahaat leaders ww are sure to wm bwal**• *^tb)b Prtnoe waTwagB the city to hie quarters **WIItheacademybe denoraiertontheOoera atgbtf"i•« ii*ai>tici>mp.-'»mieeaodcooeesaioa.' »M«>;th» Kai«oai <i experieace are j A. Miller,SmlBocea41,tos,A f. Stout.lamaskee. Will ttf I rauly.I asked the ndrhutw-day ioftheFriscoof Watt* bell, prescribed • white , Bewaswait.ngor4«s f*omMrPepper, whowaswati, or » seat* teei u d white aeckcjota. I veuUL eac- lag iBsiructicca rrom the c>inunlttce, who were waitiagTremendousDemonstrationat It laei*Ai>*.» f*>rK<»MkaS l '«ekr(;.iy» tmeitnmenth aiuoe many sr.j u>Dight were a ^ ecM«xi ia th> ,i>eif .it*•.utiojaifmaoutrageon i wutrage wUic . w e r garded»«»ei.-eot tee pjlilijai teachiug» of W«ar^arra>ed, now <a w e were l i u e taat ttwfpre' the end o f aRtohardSchell,Was.«elifman, d, Dr. aehmeer.;totbeanM commits thepeife?of• to a white vest end white Beekcioth. My A white wet and while necktie ereCfi^tribaticoafrontthemaelw How,then,canIanswer , the question which tae very wnere propounded, ''Will thetbiB£bedoseright'" WeShalls-'e"How will the anartmeau or the Prinoe at the Conti-tileCooperInstituteandin the Surroiu'.diiigStreets.•iit.ujgf'... •ifl'iitvw '-JIo!>eoi\«tu.*a * as a :t^iiih-ii- the trfuu asai,Fred.Sabuchardt, Geo. N. Sealers, C.E L.Stewart, R M. WBitiesk,nental be furi»isbed* ' icq 4r« many of you<- fatr readere. • , M they have been fer torty yean, Ml bell "Bow will th«yr- I reply Th** hoiel men don't aeem towhile e block n i t vad know thenaelves, or else they are afraid of the BBUAU> white a«c*Ue are OeueeOiy too cieneal for a bail. It is geltinjt ahtad of the Philadelphia papers in the iescrio-J e h s D Wolfe, tnet>. If a* hafidfiuger of the triumph of that party C P Scnerinerhojn.Tb.oa Tiiea/fL, Borace Waldo,brilliancy youreorretponaest. Perbnpetheyarebothcorrectstuut'ooa•••)_ gibe.victorytothoparty *hwepolicy atguatcaSahell, JohnViitftf Theprinter hasshown me veryneat designsof theis directly:at *credited. Aa«t»Au both—he wouia aot have been bjie.j«>*citisens,this is theverypro-J.J. Shersasn, Abrah Haml E. Sprouto, Wm AiwUlateaeeperceiveagreateaaogela badgesandrosettesto bewornbythe ushers Tae ro and eeaes aad yoo win altae decree of IM**! B the L Now chaage those rests antes are to be of white silk and the badges of various deleetwdi surprwe yeabi*m to as wjivt •jwakhb--wnetoer wfiand those who, PhilipScbitflfeiin, Abmibail a to be a as phaa attra of what No* York can • reaeeasberthattriflesgowarnseopeachaffairs, the aeawattttetojaeewall auto saobbiefa ideas asa yellow silk, the same color as the tickets admitting to theparquetieand circle;then in thebalconyaadbal cony boxes a pink badge, and those in the second tier aour fxaatpfcteeraial, aa -ei ' whether, bjtxJI of our rtw on tration, We nasine suite, are Itaely tobo inllueucel hy ive to the Oaths electoral ticket a t: aiid a a un*averio* aupport, ortg aloof irom each other in the iaoia ve o Hui.iDs on questtoaa of adminis-Dr. T. J Stout, L Vac Benry K Sheldon, Chaa.to pet saws those rail splitters, who would split it into lweata by a aetMM w the pahlM papers, aad let the green hedge—all the c Jors agreeing wttn the solars ofteaareaslaeachgarbaswillbeatcaaAriauteto thetickets. Therewillbeanneherforevervsection, Over ThirtyThoturasdPeopleG. brliaeaey of th* great ball.and they will be designated on their badges as "So*ion A," "B," «C," Ax This arrangement m a very perfect one. and will allow of no contusionAil the amphitheatre ticket* were sold to-day, and t h e standees will not be sold till the evening of the perfor-Duty Last Night COTJN T R YthecoBu qwatua on Should Bv|-h»K intending.*; Beetle « w b . breastwork'of tlcal reaubs, Best a*arH aB* the treat b Utlo-iof their f£«ndagainst o u r divided: forces It la a Patrick Shea, Col A patriotism aad 1jisuterestedueas Moars Taylor, Aarontbrj a sauaaeat. U t bte say, without Fred L Talcolt, Fred,DEP ASTURE O P THE PRINCE PROM RICH BOND.ui- any quarter, that those only can ench thenaseives behmd i b e narrow r«Wp individualism, regardieea of prac-»v»- tne combaUute te wboan tney are ft; policy aad principle to ngot out the Uuiun, to be overthrown for want d. Il aboald be sorry, fellow ettlaeaa,terougb whose mairiorenoe or unpraoJames a Thayer, H. L. WjUibtoS,£ . a V?2**T R T wJaayKiw, John Whebjer,THIBFT FIRST STREET.RMWWOWO,Va.,OctS,Um. ThefollowingareAbeInstructionsforrunningthe I M l b a n by a sseetol train at nine o'clock .tram:—All trains, excepting the lightning train South-, will be The atreets were crowded and jammed. en turnouts or double tracks at Philadelphia, sad out oftheirhaadserchieto,andthe men thewayofthespecialtram,tenminutesbeforeitsearlT H ES A T E .TheeJ|JBjnaibsaB^erey h i Witty,Bex F TboiBson« J. N. W4Us,IfJ. L. BntaUwocd, ^Reuben oWithsrs, Abram s. Hewitt,Patrick Wade,Elijah Ward, Henry Youngtwelly at the depot. The Prince waved i hat lor good bye, and took leave of the Mayor, thank•hie kindo-ae. All wan Berry to an him go, ran all hearts, especially those of the todies. Aoo.ru Cbaaw, OA. 8 , 1880I here safe at t w o: a special boat for Washingtontune at sail turnouts, and remain there intil it paeaeaIf lightning tram c a n make Perry vllle not more than ten minutea behind its card time, i t will have the right of road to the river, but if more than ten minutes behind tin card time it will keep out of the way of the special tram,which will run ten minutes behind its card time until it passes the lightning train.lightning train will not go south of the river until the special tram arrives thento»eone#ttltieablbt) l i e visleryi ip a&is Slate aboald be given to thepa-ty wbiSs ha) 'osjlaj so aaaeh to weaken t n e bond ofcooadeDcebetsM m the meabers of the,Union, to istpairour prosperity a jmHiate. sad tosubvert out municipalind> peaoafee aw I oity. If such a respoaelbiluy ia to realanj wnere,"! tra t, for our own honor, il may not be on?-J ?S*f*er*JS.Slnae1'G » M 1 gj?Wr» Jasshnslder,All trackmen, watchmen, bridge-signal men and other signalmen, will be at their places ten minuMs before the THEPRINCESRECEPTIONINBALTIMORE. timethespecialtrampaeantheirrespectivestationsbv the card, and remain their until it passes, seeing that all is right, or giving prompt notice in case of anythingThe Committee spnol theUnionmeetieg,held her 17, Mao, aubmit theaboluiostot leaders of the whig party, and that, aathan do so, I would see the banner of the party tarnten thousand fragmenta. (***-r* > : ante kept aay word-and t further declared, it meiwaery, 1 would g oCity Politics. BELL-kYEHBTTAwnwMbTN'CMtTNATIOyS.gement tosaytheyhavedoneall meat,ascontrarytathe apt ofthecoaititution,and Ifranklystate Theretheyare,ail-nailfallows,wellj Tne triumpoantleem intrusive. Not so wiUicertam newcomers, the rowdies off by force. The car, however, had pro \ prosperity and power —Wpsbingtuu.aad iraternstj , ;11—but a s an Ame- notbe here tonight,who deserve cofnassmontion as transatlantic snobs. The ycaahfui Priace and h is suite, however, are men of diei, and while they were most affable to the nnob- Ive, received the attentions of the forward with sad civility. Let this be a lesson for Thursday nnd Fridayla New Tork.Sir Henry Holland left th e Executive Mansion thiswjorning for Philadelphia. Dr. Ackland bad also rejoined the royal suite.Letters from Boston, Inviting the Prince to extend hisvisit to dlflerent places within easy approach to thatcity w a n received here b y the Duke of Newcastle on ejected. Two gentlemen gave their names and addressesAnother motto over the phttformI ina LSIOS. rancoasrrrcTju;;, A.ID utatuuoacxna>xr>W. B. Astor,Beuj. nymar, fW E. AppietouIL MAlexanderJohn Anderson,George t. Adee,reiii Astpin,Cnarks AtwoodJ B. Austin,J.T.AgueW,fi. Aronsou,Wm. Aguew,August Belmoasoiomon SantaJames BoormauJ. W BeekmacFrancis BurrittJ' R. BfoChead,S D.Ba.DCock,James ilrooka,Fred. D. Bettt,E. J. Brown,Win: Bryoe, "1er3oyce.iso Bell, Jr., B*Brown,F Cottinet,S. Cambrehng, R F Carman, Jsmea CoUea,whenever I contem our public affairs now one of the windows—the eve of their departure for Richmond. Mr. Everett hi the medium of oommuaicatiori for Massachusetts with bis Boyal Highness.OUR PHILADELPHIA CORRESPONDENCE.PmiAOBLrnia, Oct. 8,1800.to the policemen, and promised to appear against the menin the morning, but this they would not listen to and instated on the gentlemen accompanying them to theSeventeenth ward station house to prefer the charge.ThM the latter were unable to do, as they had ladies withthem, who needed their further protection. The conse-quence was that the two drunken rowdies were permittedSouthern States. I I tto go at large and continue their insults, if they desired, The Primee Aamtt the Sace$—ArrongmaUi far gummingthe JVfnce't Bbsanw Maflroad Train—Th, Opera mwi Ac on the next inoffensive person they met. Under such cir- cumstances is net a gentleman's name and promise to apJF Barger, C Burnaam, wart Brown,J^ B Cronin, (Jbcar Coles, Wm L. Cole, H. W. Chater, K L Cutting. Wm. Chauncey,republican tarty are nrei. without consulting the Soi fifteen States an alien gov they have novoice.act on thto question d thus force upon these a government in which.fcfatot Aniiianw ii wnriinu, < c , SY.The Prince will vhrtt the Pomt lb ease races on Wednes- day alternooc. It was desired to mais thia arrangement as quiet as possible, bat the Philadelphia papers seem to have fbrgottan tae restraint of aanraty, where it might have been very property observed, and the pleasure themight b a n derived from a visit to the ithus bean denied him.Park Association hi quitend no scenes of disorder are everallowed to diagram Ha uiaattngi Under the authority soaJerred b y the Legauainre they have the right to eject any disorderly or improper paraoas, and cause to be re-pear next morning at the Police court a SUL\ ;ient warrant forthe arrest of a drunken ruffian, or must he drag a lady to be a witness of acetiM at a station house at twelve o'clock at night?Mmuami UaxAav LncronsBoon—Mr. Taaistro's re- citatiocofStikspere's play, "Hamlet," wUl be given this evening at the ball above named. The recitation of an entire piny by one person la a novelty to the enter- tainments, aad are diasiiliig the attention of the lovers of dramatic literature. We have been requested to state that tickets purchased for Monday evening will be good to night.Wonx ATTHBCm braracToa's DBPABTXXTT—Daring the week ending October 6,1S0O, the following work wss per-j Indignantly frowning ujmn t h e urst dawning •.>!'; r..*-in Battj, Edward Cooper, H ' J Clarke,Maw York. The park m situated the "Mask" of! th e city, wtthm I t * elegantly Betas iof its atoekholders and snbecn-ref wham a r e dally vtaiten; and on the o c of ia ••trials of speed (the Quaker bsrm tor i) the grounds a n sttsnaed by the most rasaectsbii A badge a s well a s a edaahnW- in fnot, thetorefbrm the tarn inthis city.It is with a {war isst I may bring down the abase of thevillage press seen President Fallon, of the Baltimore and Waafciaston Bnltroad, that I write the railway arranga- w ^ u tbsA have bean made for oringing the Prinoe hith- er But I took too long a waU to ootam the information aad itmof taassssh interest to the public to throw it aatse. Ail than, and many other considerations, force am to publish it.A special time enxd has ban kwoed, a copy of whish I closing my latter. It oontains directi to ail the employees of the road.TWSananwJ watn, with the Prtaoa, will man Baltimoreataaeo^aaaktomorrow(Tuesday)aftarasas MwMt fEwnwnwtBBaa, rf u\Sawmnana ——-*-i---i- . -. ^-^k-— ,2k»»on of the Frame sad the prmetpal men of his suite, a ini-seised or removed from the city, 4,690 pounds, wads of garbage, street dirt, filth, « c . removed b y street 14 460, besides the following abatement of fecx-maks and water closets cleaned, 148, loads of night soil removed from the city limits, 740; dead horses, 66 cows, 6 ; hogs,*; dog* and other amnilanimals, 82. number of barrele of oftal, 3,400. BAXAI CaarAiantB.—Peter Hasbronck, theJames COcnolf; ChAs A . Davis Kobt.J.billoniHenry F Ereson, J. J GofT.willbecarried"out. (Here"calls for t h e Bon, F . Wood,aptakercontinuedtoaaythathimwouldasonemanrallyfor sureshewilltake,atoveryshallbeaboltobedtollel. allow the States interested to I cbtoB—(cheers)—and U ao, God save the country, aadtohmaelwith tt. (Loud their own eetiiiaction rkeot the question to cheers) My next reason for opposing the republican that they were all agreed SPldeaas.) Be saw partyto thto—ttto anver a t ad there will be noon the ferry boat. sahJBftan, s saw saa..•* •** POtet, under the charge of Magi-wui ahnirMe en the aagfaenad direct itsJerry Smith will have the honor of eun- thetrainJohnHealy,\ rdLathers,&L.Milshell. OurhagtofortheUnion, 1&•»•«agallantcrew, amMlpassed,aadaaIknew1WSBgoingtogivemyThe tram wfll have the right ofThomas M. Tryniskiailouth 4th Street Fulton New York•* •needed but a few blocks on its way again when the ;> ruffians overtook it, and rushing in began abusing those present, daring anybody to eject them. A second timethey were expelled, with indications of a general nuke, but getting on again they once more dashed through the car, one of them seizing a young laiy b y the arms andt yvoice—"We are the people, on.i An organisation t ning to take possession <government of these Statesh e r inBurkhnlter, J. W. Chaoler,all b e wants Look a t t h e hurt month.tearingviolenceference of several grentlemen, and a general fight would have been the consequence had it not been for the ap- pearance of about half a dozen policemen, whom a gentle- man on the front of the car bad summoned from the side- walk, where they were standing in a group. The car was stopped and after considerable difficulty the rowdies weregloves from bar U m quarter .washands. Of course furthernegrowas so severe y burned at the fire in Lightbody's ink fac- tory in Sixty first street an Sunday, died yesterday fromJones, Jr .,ib Johnson, Mareneil LetterU,tion of policy, such as free trade, or afstriff, or the acqui- dntT and became Un* they would defeatthe sition of Cuba, or foreign lnnwenoa—owe lores thethe effects of h is injuries. quest upon the body, when of "Accidental death."Coroner Gamble held an in - t h e jury rendered a verdictandtranquilitytothe (Loud spptosse, amidst aest) ___eusofthecountry callparty. AmorsquestionofpeticyastotheCoroner Gamble also held an Inquest upon the body of Lake Malory, a native of Ireland, aged thirty-nine years. who died from the effects of injuries accidentally received oa Sunday, by being run over by a train of oars near Allentown, Pa.p The borf y was brought en to thia city for mterment, and takes to No. Mil Seventh avenae, from which place the funeral will take place to-day.The nomiBatkm Da took the Chair.acclamation, andM rJosKernochan, taoliiLathrop,R. W King, E E . Ludlow, Wm D Kennedy, Wm. T L»itch.Theresolutionsworemette The band struck for the Wagon," sod to capital style the following jag in chorus with finen•y acclamation.1MB awnaswhwBs WASD TSA«XDT—CoBxnrnos.—We a n requested to state that Mr. Daniel rintey, and his wife, E m Plnbry, were net residents of the boun Ho. 1*> East Fourteenth street. Tbev lired in the First avenue, soaoe- when Between Kleventh and Twelfth stmts.Akl. J. % Heii F lugoldeby, I James |r*ia,W. "mlel F Lee,James t Miller, tsi«y tWias,f, G. Mtrfetmy.Who save ratted it, and wl .t—'tis the red, white aad blueChorus—Then, hurra fbrjt«v hion, hurrstorths Union,aatttttseate to you tonight, I almost felt an meplretico j OTsr m e, and I roared to arouse all my eaer- all m y power, and all aay tatoat, to I5'van, and through you ef your friends, aad tothe press of tae country, to beware of Loudpreventedb y t h e inter-Ecription—P. Bruff,T. Bruce,J. Barr, 0. Brewer,G.Byraia, hr^ Burk,Black,sou Baldwin,Butler, Bryan, Black,Hiram Oraaaton, a M. Connolly, R C. Crocheron, y. J. Chapman, R.B.Connolly, Sv B. Condit. John J. Cisco, Melson Clements, M. L. Converse, John Clancy.NEW YORK HERALDj TUESDAY, OCTOBnk 9, 1860.-TRIPLK SHEET.•ft i t ) Mack ooaia la a hall room uoo; aad I do not deem it worth while at present to Ratification of the Union lights to a gnat degree, just bribe the chambermaid. "Ob, what a' dull anrre-ti <mr o«u i..cal eislsions— f h e had _ j an unyi«umg ttaaciti of puroose, <i*i»»?g«n!2«tioji, or inrouf o cntaldera-Hugh Smith, Bartlett Smith, Prrter Sherman,Fraecia R Tf|lou. W W. ToddE Geo L|Trn*,Wm. A . Walker, ttas.V.Weod, Jeeaph Warncck,a draw rpoudeBt," say the ladies. "Oh, what a dull city," aaysThe Bell-Everett or Union party were advertised to>, with a military display and aa operatic festival, bold their Assembly Conventions last evening a the va- The Union Electoral Ticket Rati- aii that waaasfed, inougn n o t precisely In t h e dom, and with supreme devoti to an object ao aaowaaa-literalcompliance Iaotherwords, FORSLSCTOSaOFFBSHIDBATjM VICBFSSBTitoBT0S IHSkept in doubt a s to whether h e eooldmode proposed Mr BrecktaridiBlack spirits aad white, Blue spirits and gray. Mingle, mingle, mingle; Youtaatminglemay.(Renewed merriment.) Weare here front partiesef all sumps, from the unterrineo democracy to the true whig;andwhy? BecausetheenemyisaboutThe Arabs are on their horses; they have snooted their waror aot. A t tw o o'clock this aiter- ing table, vary few nominations were made; m met, ther»Mayor Bwoan reoeiv.-d a daspafteb atatiag delegatesdidaotmeetatall.andcouldnotbefoundafterACClteus and so patriotic We ad lt to you the 'Union the punctilio to take the suostanoe, sad aot stand on ticket for electors of President jfcnd Vicel'raeident —* Priace weald oartainly arrive at flv<- lacoaaeqaeaeeofthaiaacertamty,aadinto prepare a greet military display, the maagora tteaefDruidJxttlPark,whichwastohavebeenbewared with the presence of the Prince, was postponed till the 1Mb test.BOCApreparations as time would permit weremade and certainly that reception a t Baltimore, though not ol sogreetinterestasothers, wasremarkablefor the per- itenon of the arrange meat*, the complete order preaerred and the treaerai enin.isia»m of the people.By tve "rock ta-' I iependoat Grays,acting as agaareofaoasr.mdtheCityGuard,wereatthedepot;bat o- > Priawe came. As tuna wore on the cro wd aroundthe depot became greater, and nearly tve thousand per-lonswere Bressutwiien the Prince arrived. The fi^ The Tammany Nominating Convention lor the Sixteenth form was kept clear, hawever, by a line of po . l c e m e D . Assembly district, which met last evening at the corner Thecrewsrushedtothetelegraphofficetofin1outwhen ofSecondavenueandSixtytratstreet,aominatedaahavingthe leaaaess to ing to, theibe', tt woum be the merest ae&stt- d or the shadow. And in afinmm itwatchhasbeenmadeIcon t freety, eerdtaily and withoutrxrfBD hxaus. J. Redfield, WUliam iSelahB.Strong, Martini8prrious districts of the city. As will be seen by the foUsw-fied by Acclamation.OURCODKTEYOIEABDDISEPE1UBLEaiderita' mental reaervi»9i satisfied, as a political friend ofa moat indeaatigable search by our reporters:-. District1—Nomeeting.a—No meeting. 8—Nomeeting.4—Adjourned till Monday. a—adjourned till this evening. 6—No meeting.John'B. Brower, James K id it. Innoother luthislightallfairmenmostregard JacobA.Westerve!t,IsaiahBi<Pearson Mundy,JohnM.Stroag,Edwin MAnderson,JamesM.Puiver, cryandlaidthelaacetoresttoranwildlythroughtheI—Adjournel. S—Andrew Lewii. 9—Adjourned.year, John B Skinner,21, de, Lorenso Burrows, WUliafi Williams10—No meeting. 11— —12—No meeting. 13—George a King. 14—Elbert Bnberson. 16— —u4eaOaf-EyedCyclopsa n dThe membersofithaveallaccepted"Union men for tbs sake of the Union/' aad we believe we are justified in BOW aoaounfing, that the union of the16— —IV—Adjourned till this evening.peticy in the end they 'ha\ are; ot merelycompleted fact.Cbsrles 0*0sanar,Peter B Sweeny, DsntolF Tiemanjc. James IDaniel Devlin. Andrew Mount, Charles A. Secor.jK^buked.SepublieansHybrid Monstrosity,"go to work an. beftiie 1sit ci on the ntorsiiiy political npponttoments ft! fall ianuliar vthe t*ct thatam <i <»thoseforthepurpose ronouesttonseiadminlatraiioc, conservativemassesofosrcifhwasup>nthistickettoaTAUXANT ASSEMBLY NOMINATIONS.political demonstraiions atthe combmstioa (or the coalition,the aws of hoi red) to perfectly warrantee by all Edwin Crosweil,d a t m . met isst evening at t h e Oriental Hotel, cornerand the crowd denser. The call for the meeuiig declaredthe motives fer it in these t>for political sstton. They are ir support of Lincoln aad Bamlia.most to the accomplishment be dear to every true ithe Union."that object which should Union for the take offifty years have they kept back that aptosdil ay atom of gradual emancipation that Maryland and Virginia' projecting, when these fatoe Meads of freedom iThe Convention then, o n motion, adjourned Wednesday evening next, at the same place.until'aavea: from the calamity with which it aadceas of the republican party, not itriusie strength, but through our dl- M$. from thia hour, lay these divisionsResolved, That the election only be effected against theap trary to the wishes of a mijoi dexterous use of the electoral tion left to the States to pro thoold be effected it w inthird of the actual popularResolved, That those Srhb com aad Hamlin as prolific ought not to multiply the their own divisions.City Intelligence.Tsotms ox A »*TTwn«i CAB—AS c v No. 66 of theSecond avenue line wis proceeding down tows at a late hour on Sunday evening last, and bad reached the neigh- borhood of Thirtieth street, two drunken r>wdiee entered and had nardly been seated when one or them began in - sulting the passengers by the use ol loud and profane lan- guage and by riotous demonstrations. Oae of the passen- gers expostulated with him, when both men turned onvis una., 'Let aside; let he interests, bad beaejudtM w settled, m m ner, wiUiboo i'Tbe L n j | i iibw." >sclj to the one great object our personal ail minor difierences of opinion to i vital questions a t issue shall bewhoterference of this Stateaad also in flavor of thto] «-votss against the in- already mentioned, ticket. If they didfrtonds. Wbst to party? My frtonds, party means whan yon aad I diner upon a qc1 l,Electoral Ticketcolors. The ushers on thefirstfloorwill wear badges of ENTHUSIASTICTURNOUTOFTHEMASSES in other parts;TBS vsiosAnother Inscription read—SHAM,u sCRII^KHVSUof the Btates which go to this Union. (Hisses.)Whattothequestionupon, aditlerenceofopinion merelytokeepslaveryoutoftheTerritories? Ah,nolGuns, Music, Banners, Torches, Sky-rockets and SoagSv -«John M. Wm. H, Fakbeer, PhUip \ _anyofus 'ItmfaertshUrtoberegrettedthattneColon Speeches of John At Eix, James W. Ge- ticket we naverard, Hon. John Cochrane, Charles O'Conort General Hiram Wal-bridge.JudgeThompson,The- odore E. lomlmson, JamesMr. JajBBBA J. HBSXT then followlBg report of theof tae 17th ultimo —£\xanscARsov mwu>..OSS WirilTKT, OSS uty&OTTTl N,OXSDKSTI|iy%? ,JJDay, Jos.Fatman, AnsonHernok,Brooksand Others.gard the triumph of Lincoln Hamlin, by means of a democrats Ofevery poe-ihie n>»e aadansi: battfths bask- ,in aotne iaspeats Bareeeeod.f sectionalorganization,upona tionaltosue,aadtorthe taUtonottoayhat tttotomyheart. (Reuswedeaeertie mustneas o fThe FanaticsandDisunionists withaoar*bus action Everyrtt pan it be sueceaefaily carried oat. Enjab F. Purdy, Henry IB. gf ment, not wttn a nicgardli- William A. Koboe, Greene CMiles Finch, son,Charles B Carroll,land against the tost righto ef oar Southern friends. (Applause.) Isbmael has raised his black piratical hag, out we are all determined to cut that lag down. Let oa stand together like brothers; tot i i wrest the siatit flag from the band id jshmael, an 1 raise as our owu the pore white banner of the constitution, for one Union one country, and one confederation. (Lead cheers.) I want t > rrason with you, aad will tall you why I oppose t h e republican party I call that party a hybrid monstrosity. (Laughter) I am in thehabit of using very pbtin and simple language, aad of calling things by their right names, and therefore I call therepublicanpartyahybridmonstrosity. Whattoit composed of? Renegade wbigs who abandoned the true banner of the party—such as wss raised by Henry Clay and Daniel Webster, aad adopted the nag of W H. Sew-*srd. (Bases.) Some are of the untemsed democracy. who pined after the Heah pott of Egypt, but did ant get them. (A tough) And, no tbe.otber head, you have the fanatical abolitioatot, who, to carry oat bto insane ao- stractions, would tear down with ruth leas hood t h e Splendid fabric ot theconstnotion—rend asunder its triple columns, even though be hiaoseh* perished ia the ruias. Now, my friends, there are three iissuuu why I oppose the abolitionists. They can cry, they can give you croco- dile tears and weep over the wrongs o f the poor African slaves; their bosoms yearn towards them; aad yet theyWill msulfest Itself in effluent ef us. in bis particular sphere, oaast •fve that the ticket shall be elected. , fello* citiaens, let m e say a wordcoalitions—a question of which our•ii ive availed themaeivee to p tur out tivjeon ourheads Nomanwnoisat thia nistory or parties is ignoraat ofing out some great measure of Sty' of wnieh they concur If th e ir-.-.' b e patriotic, If their purposesThere have been many grethe Cooper Institute, but i that could be comja'&i tuthat of laat eve&iog. on the i :on of the ratiflcat too oftheUnionElectoralTicket, Capitalists,mercnaate,law oeeundertotvers, leading politicians,' tics, and all eUaaes of the papers in this ctpatrioticcitiaeos "of New York, crowded the building and and vigor, 1 ntj , both conducted with signal abilityWm. B Duncan, Charkb GStephen P. Bnasel, Georgd CAbram B Conger, John RunDaniel b. St. John, amoroseAfliggins^tephsnD Caldwell. Eliaha P. Strong, Lucas B. Celcxer,DepuUtiona and clubs a i d politicalparts of the city and suburbs were eontmoaliy marchuig up and adding to the crowd and enthusiasm i m ^ r them were clubs from Statkn Island, Minute Men of the Union, Ninth Ward National luion Club, the ttoartaa Association, the "Old Emblematical Thirteenth Ward," Brooklyn, Jersey City and Newark-clubs; the Union De- mocratic League, th e Tweitieth Ward Breckinridge and Lane Club, the Twentieth War* Douglas and Johnaoa Oaatnaitn Club, the Twenty unrt War I Douglas and John- SOB Union Club, the Twenty-second Ward Dougiaa and Johnson Club, te., A c These came with music, banners, torches and transparenctas. ^cafires were alight, sky-rockets chased each other throcgh the s k / , guns than- de^Bd salutes, and all the elements of earueetne^s and eu thusiasm were manifested.The hall of the Cooper Institute was eloquent with pn- iitical mottoes appropriate to the occasion. Across ;a,: Btsn and Stripes spread ore r the platform w u a canvass with this motto:—in t h e Unporah oihert—the!tcri.pui->u« eluoiie, aad byraeet.u ConceriUB this qdeslio:to all teat lisprecious In oimocrat.totev. trueUnionman,rallytotheaupporto theI'nioA.elso ticket,andittomysincerebeliefthat tne atate%ayia throaiShed-inrough ItB o•rnjMU.fTami)\nembieuli or Uniua »#*******<»*^^***v*0print the rest. printed liatts of 1 scatteredthrouown adopted the suggestion, and Presidents aad Secretaries wererhail. Thefollowingtothelist;— TtfJE-raXSIDSNTS.He said —not as a Dougiaaor THEura.To the right of this was Bother banner with tae in'" The speaker went usive aad sectional la executive branch of the party which I bare justmerely t o keep slavery iacendiary speeches h e (Applause.) Greeley II Shall stand c j tn eUnion aud 0 ; ail whosund o> i i it.—Webster.Another read—affects these fifteen States, and to n ed up with their hopesandinterests,tttoid*bedwiththeirsocial order, and twines itself rbun the very fibres of their their social system. Weal th North, or rather these who cast our votes for us, If the' carry this election, the>I snail cu justice to lh< aoole country, and net fori ^the good of the wholo country in all I do —WebaterAnother makes the followtu^ quotation from Wish:-.; ton's Farewell Address —Bryce, Jos W. Corliss,| 0. Benjamin, E Caylos,;>every attempt to alt^ate[any portion of our country s Jfixei therest, ortoenfeeblethesacredtieswhich u * ;J a o T Km n e r ,5link together thevarious parts. Another motto real—J\;s. Fenner,;;jcentA \su rSATsnjmvAnd another—VNIOSroa THBSIAKSUSTUD,LMKN. Hill Fowler, John Co«iaii, Vict ^ Durand, Q. D. F. Grant,to purposed to eon- one n «-dangerou« to have a military parol, whereby ofsectionaloan- infiveminutestheycanchaagetbslampforthemusketThe names of Jackson, Calhoun, JeSersoa, Monroe. Choate and Wright were placed over the windows on onefoe* millions of blackaay attempt which the North, itnout the consent of the pwt together to show what the meanest of that party to, South,wouldendeavortomake defianceoftheirpublic "Libertytorailmen:aomoreatoveryafter18*1.•» opiniontothatportionofthe„JYouareallaware(Loudcheers)ITthatdoesnottellthestory,then1do oftheresult,andittoforyouMywhetherthiapolicynotunderstandthetoresoftheEnglishlanguage.And'anystandorbootherectednearthepremisesformedbytheemployesoftheCityInspector'sDepartBide,andthoseofWebsterandCleyappearedattheNeafeA.ChudsfIfeterDoian, JjohnB.(iou'lie,inaofwdkegtotherulesofthement;—Unsoundaaddiseasedmeats,ash,poultry,As.,lower end of the hall.Other mottoes read aa foi ows —1 1cy^^**** **** *****»•*»****** ** +++*+*+++*•+++++**++**+++-or'atrickCutl. Louisfc.matein.MosesI)Gale,Iafamael,whaninaugurated(ifever"heto),totoraisehis spear from the rest asd begin bto war against the South. Andhehaspromisedthem, they any, that bythemea-leaguesfrom al.> uitscass1 OF in s oojusTrt-rnos. AKHXES t a w WILL X Geo. DougiaSiSj A. T Finn,The banners of the sererall Union artillery duos were alfit hung around the hallThe meeting was calledto order by Mr WJILSON 6 Hmr, who presented as Cliairmaa oi the meeting the Ben. John A, DixMeter LoriHard.B, G. Borton, taniiaiahsnlfromMr.IngenoUbyJohnR. meetmg.ItrustImarsotbeconsideredasintrudingmy J.B.HcOverEUaber, gene Kelly,iKelly,Krtw tT' MatthewMorgan,YACH* Cnnss to SAVAXSAH.—The yacht 0. R. Ingsnol!ttonsthh) ereems, and aftir staling the object* of the ownopinionsuponyouIfIaskpennjssiontostateafewH,lw:fl,! buttonightIthought,asipassedby,therewasaaairLEsq., Of Savannah, wfll nil for that part to-mor-row, aad will wave the foot of Pike street, East river, atoneo'clockP.M.Sheisseventeentons,ttwishedmthe eWsens,toproclaimtoshepeople©'th»Stateour •act elegant manner, aad of beautiful model for speedaad safetyKattenhorc,R. Kirby, M. D.James B Murray,of sadness about the statue. 1atoppel asd gazed upon it. The ltas were rigid that had dtotiltod snob honied words offidelitytotheconstitutkii,theavotdawaeolallgeo-** will fall; (Cheers.) lahaost heard that bronze statue apeak tow i s rstifljedIn <H« ae he said :—fPSBCn OP GBNfRAl. »Tf.faxtow Cnnaare—After tBaakmg you for the honor youhave- done n»tB asklBg me to preside over your cousulu-J C EendeiJ. EufcW;MonxJoba T. fitaryj Geo. A1cheers) I passed, aa I came here tttto swantog. that •Ptondid work of art, the atatue of the great author of bar country—thetodepandteotasd 1 1 Wsshisgion.(Cheers.) I pnased bto stavtoe, and wss) darkness around it. I have seen, at times, when there seta halo of glory, as it wore, about its beaut fuJccnaiderattoBs arming out k the peculiar circumstances whichhavecalledustogether. Weareaaaeaabled,fellowET w i Come,brothers,alluniteall—United we will conquer, bCdfcutOTSb yapprove! of the Union electoral tnskel recautly completedin this etty, after long deltherai on carried on under dita-euitiee which asaased at one time ineuroMtuntable, andafter fell cossiiltettoe «;th coamitieea representiag aUthe pomteal organimttons epposwt to the eiectiou of Lmcom awKUaaittn. lsay we are assembled u>prociaizn J T.'Johhatc; Jos Lawrence, j McL. Murphy,our deterathaatHW t» th« tMopie of tbra State, because, 1 am rere 1 aaa* arid, with t a e concurrence ' 1 every naau withm the reach of my voice, mat *« dn uo* oeaire tu in- terfere te any mannerJ-eitaer by our advuw o by hoidhjs; u p i * r owki action a s an essmpleG. R. JtttkspaGeorge law,Janus McLean,Eben McFarfaan. Jumes Robinson,* Willbringusinto' J~?tHaw York Camml Tolls.Aiiuxr,octj8,iseo. fur >rfuiitrin—•ruh tm> arrmiis'emeuts Ot C*UI'W L MoDooald,,^ , * ' f ***!ma dtoes we'll overwhelm; swske" enough to putfor"Wood. ) l«W»^'^'? £Ie*t^»d alltheir ethey wereto peculiar circumstance in which therefore dacgeruus to the U; , ere have endeavored met;"' aad certainly misfortune metis atracge bad fol- The> have aonomptatbed m •ubatanoe to perform that great duly impartiality, with w is lows. (A laugh) In the w rdsofRhaatpere.—if the term o eSamuel F . Butierwcrth, Beury Grtnaell,that a morb beterog*miN»bid political warfare. 1do not luppoae kaole mstaaee of the oombmaUon of 1eiemeetshaseverbeenknownthan es. la.iude wnwoleacuig republicanS. L tt. Barlow, Wilson G. Hum. Samuel J. Tilden.f Inyear therew«ID 3 lb rt*t** t%ui<\ \-A :S»i, tkitnr'Bfch tu ytjniie u!| HrSw i«aVr. »t, we sboulo be putting at b l Silas Seymour, Thomas)Jno. T Savage,Jr.MhwMM ~ Sard tb*> bar ofthu Uuioa and permaa incy or our m Gilbert M. 8scar. Efflng'saR- M Wtttbaos. ,Ja». Wilde,Jr., idV D Wetter,*a H Wumerding. ,Theo Voerhies.Fernando Weed, , Becj. Wells,Benj. R Winthrop, A. H. Ward,N.J. Wateroury,,N. B Wolfe, Tbse.Walter, Jas. M. Weed, Wm. B Webb, Virgil Wbttecsnb, Henry Wheeler,•-••s~-Abraham Binin| V l! M Brown,J. Gordon BtnuAi,R. B Bradford,r t h eevery moment, till theJ R. Brups, 11 Joim R. Briggs,loudibtllsas be went along? C»mwmyagn^)^mt aarr te keen atovery out of the Terrttortoa!'aary to keep atoveryttrnxIs itJohnBuff, Chas-T. {hadtoi EdwardB HitcU. M.Balain:, 1Air—"War^sJ£J 'g. Aluc Ge> W McJohn MeetaCoiU.Jantitled DocumentN S. Starr, taevictor*tobe*carriedoffby HenrySehssr, E.&V0 o ^*"'***»*n».t a *, » «hsss»sm, asrs*They mast be pirates. _The shu they sail w black That would dissolve the Ui—i. hurra for the Loion.be •rWKB OFThe Cstrawls thee introduced the Hws. JXas GSBASn. Be was received with loud cheers, aadFellow cttlsesa I am aot set doerssad I have taken the place of some ether Iamaminuteman,andhare askeduot: myviews ButImaynowstatethatIaa wttboat asnfuston—(a laugh) aad wnen ywa) stop I abali do so (tbies ef "«o oa.») yearsago,atthegreatsterling at(batiwas called on by the SMrchast rrtnoea of doctored that I would sever fellow ahhad not been put inthenetd hbd been I do not beiisre It could, by leoeen defeated It is not too lata BOW. unflinching support, it is »tu! peaslDle Ibelievethat,withaperfectunionof which it represents, tnere will be hag it. Let tae any to those who are lit ilia of union—or, rather, with the wjhicb tt has been made—mat I wiahthe contest under one common ban words inscribed on it save these— iconstitution, undivided a n d mdivi-II•proceeded te rend the ltot of Vise Pre- I only got as far aa the fifth name on the lieboe manifested a disinclination torresidenfial electors sub-Dines Caroliu,s Blackstone, Henry Chaonoey,Sw weJohn Dimon, EkraR Dibblee, W P. David, Chester Pries; , Wm. B. Draper, Horace B Day, I. C. De Rhain,E. G. eresier, ; Benj Douglass, Jf N <iehm.li. A. Cusbman, L Joai; E. Develin, Jaa W Gerard, Juhn CoChra2t-|ir. Henry Delaheid, sSam'i M Gilman,Geo. Carroll,i' J . Coyness,Cbaa. HH/CeUinstin^ar ChSfpemaLyman CSuk•fnwusesd Cos,R. Farrell, rFre<i. A. Ftoher, Andrew Froment, Terrence Farley,-^-Z-?oat at thleabTorerarnitdoroifesfrethealtabyorai should have a ooafiict of alavewhiT ha« that to do with the Territories? Nothing whatever (Cheats.) I » w a baaaer the other niaht at the Wide Awake prooamion—a procession I admired tor its beauty-end a dangeroushsrael Ofifse,I).JoLtiKram,r|JtibnDwyer, MichaelGrosz, summatepartytriumph,In thto country, where we put osr faces against stead'Bg armies,toitwellto haveastandlag army of 10,000 or 15 000 men t o carry t h e ballot bcaea and the ateottoerI reemiM^»mpb t ,J1 Manafl'd Davtes,*3eo Greer,Jobn WJPiand , John G. Devts, <IG. Gunther,R. r, Col^ptoh, Ool. Ab Duryee, q D. B Gillespie, between eight and aaof white men, and I think not. But among the baasera tbs other BightI .^betbsreenlt of •aw eae small one which spoke more than all the othersJohn Eweo, AmosF Eno,John A Godfrey, Wm A Herring, Chaa G. Balpine,having subsided) t h e ,SiV^wboasardThoe E. Dayies, Jno i . Felter, Betj. H. Field, l: B Fosdick,Gerard Ballock,W. V- Havemeyer, Lucius Hopkins, E. V Baughwaout,rh«eMerreu, JBK H Mulford, JacoiR Millar,Ai hopj Miller, F.,tt.H.MiUikenE.?. MUs.a. H Mickle,Tlica 8tvens,C»n swacknamer, 1". 'A. Tkimaj. M.Soaotnea,Oat aeharzwaslder,Wm. Steele,Jr.,Lemuel*** * lfc??»*•*"«*-•*•~».»*«•••«blue. Than, hurratorthe Laioa, AcJ H.Borland, t, k rMkihatKKuniU EdwardTimpeon?* jf «?^ »9 toWJasrsilJaha WUklas. DaviAsfoIwWlallHd^ ~forward and read the of the Union meetingistantamounttoarejectaia,but JDepeystarCgden.DavidCJ sa, AddisonGardner,IOBBare perpetually taking piece«—the other a s signally unsound on ail. A niigularTantJ^pnism of principle rune tnrougbto meeting be, and theyonthea!*very ever) other, equally ardent I» they believeipn,andonthisalone—atwaron theUnionelectoralticket,icontributingtheirat- years. (Criesof"That'sao,"andapplause) Yea,aboutBJivery question to surpass in impor testedseats,proceededtoballotforacandidateforCon-FrxuiwCrnzssB—Thistoatimeofperl!tothecountry.tauceail-grca!mesauresofadministrationIfthey theStage.(Cheers.)1havenotlime,myfriends,toprivaterbrrage. ThesoMiersfollowed,andtheproces- tress,andonthesecondballotCaptainNelsonTaylor, Itcannotbedeniedthatwithouttheucte-teffortof"Me believe theit of that juestion inthe Theresolutiontotttoreportwssunanimously dwellatlengthuponthto,but1giveyouthereasonswhy 1opposetherepublicanparty Itteanabolition party(Applause and cries of "Tea, tt t o " ) I reserved,twototheGihxorHouse Severalbuildingsalong residingatlooClintonstreet,receivedamajority of tho UnionmenofthisStatethereisdangerofoursovernmert Ulamiaated, the streets were lined with votes, aad his nomination was afterwards made unani- passing under t&e dominioa of rulers awirttag pfiDci-manner theyi t a b o u l iexeeptioh|can followers iba that ce dfrian baas...mpiye may so Skpre Iniob eiectcrai aume'itiatrue to alavers; e though tn%e diff rent qpu tnki. it would nj«agtment were.,m A ci a! IvliOWClllright is of such moment rly s u p e r s e d e a l l o t h e r s , n e to the coalition they and their Now, I do not hesitate to aay ty within my remembrance have [ofunion—ofconsanguinity ifIslf—as those represented by the est.' We are all noa-interventionists. gtAkrextent thanothers,inregardBUT: o s most nsbncial questions; and jr aubjecta, on which w e entertain points of contact are se numerousadopted.The CbtASsaus thanon the electoral ticket ticket was adopted byMr. SASTK. J. Tnoss seated the following asResolved, That party hi the Northern, and the Frinee was everywhere cheered.A great crowd assembled a t t h e hotel. The military drew sp with perfect order, making a passage for the Priace, through which be proceeded to take possession ofharoperbapartments. Allthesuite accompanyhimwith the «cer*ion of Sir Henry Holland. 4Coosal General Archibald, of N ew York, meets th efriace here, arriving this afternoon.m vitations have been presented t o t h e Prince fromdlflerent places of amusement, but be will probably not go oat this evening.dayaago,en anonymous tetter, to a good handwriting,mous.MDTCTB MEN'S COCNTY CONVECTION.The Minute Men delegates—uve from each ward—as- iambiid test evening at their headquarters, corner of Seventh avenue an Twenty second street, to nominate candidatesforcountyofficers. Themeetingwascalledto order by the dread President, and Mr. F. Harrington waacalled to the chair.The early part of the meeting waa occupied In discus-sion sa to tae manner in which th e nominations ahouid be made, seveaaJ of the delegates urging that the ticket Shouldbemadeupofcandidatesalreadypresentedtothe people from every party, except the republicans.A resolution waa offered and adopted that a committee be appointed to confer with the nominating Committee ofpiee at war with in J rights and Interests of a large «eo- tion of the country, whose cptiaens will practically have BOvoice or representation id the executive branch of the federalgovernmentunderwhientheyaretoIre*—ire- sult adculated to disturb the peaceful relations of the two tectioia of our country, to retard our prosperity an' onwardprogressasapeoplejand toendangerthesafety and permanency of the Un~~conservative men of thisoe-operaUon em one electorallticket. to avert these «<••:'3, to defeat sectionalism and pVtaervetbo Union to psw% concord aad fraternity. Let the glad tiJings go tortn to the whole country that the national men of tas Empire Statestandtogetherinsolidksoluiin'orthepraservation of the Union and the rights of the statesa clear and distinct votewas taken and the ceding upon me, as a n old Henry Clay whig, aad callingand amid load cheers. hi question m y veracity, because I did aot call some o n e toaccountforsaytogthtoverythingataformermeeting. came forward and pre What do you think he would aay now? If thai man shall hear, through thepress, my speech, lethim understand, tohisteethItellhimthattherepublicantoan abotiltea party. (Cheers, aad arias o f "Good," "Bally boy.")fIt extraordinary if by the mis federative agency of alliwho assume to be leaders we [tuts,tobekeptapart. Above are united on a question which. Its consequences, towers shore rvat ion of the Onion, through a apce of our constitutional obliga- from all interference in the do- fof our fellow citizens in other States. re could not lisunite without dialoyalty in Ithe remembrance of the past aadwholeasanasof the fifteen to the fundamental idea of tempttoinauguratebyS}u5«CBfa-AB»8. W. E i f o s OHenry H A U e n ,W a . Acken,John Van Aradak, Joha HdwiulTr., ]*aec W. Sitter,<? nM »atz weeks agoacy poatobllityWithaiwitoitocaSfSM NithediTlkioasBO dtfflculty indiaaatafied wiiparticular']myself thefereutiyconst!whoeswated atthesametimeittoduetotnoseestablishmentofasectionalIcyinthefederalgoverning)WhoareweheretonigrtifAmoatmotleycrew, theyoo»Mdo1attempt of a sectional take poaaeaalon of the adversely to the bates,saooBtraryattea. that the at asectionalpolicy upon a subject vitally affecting^ the rights, the interestsand the feelings of those BJteen States] creates a great danger to our confederated UnJhn and to the peace aadMy frtonds, I do not wsst to be classical, but to olden timt s there was oae Cyclops, a blacksmith, who kept his cave to Mount JEtaa. H e endeavored t e kill Ulysses Cyclops had but one eye, aad that was ia the middle of bis forehead, s o that Cyclops could neither look t o t h e riihtnortotheleft. Ulyswesendeavoredtoeaca?sfromthe care, aad one night made Cyclops drunk. Then, aa Cyclops could look neither to the right nor to the left, he took a firebrand aad thrust it in bto aiagte e y e You aeeLincoln and Hamlin can the constitution, con- the people, and by a which the constltu-that if their election scarcely more than one-the election of Lin- danger to the country of aucn a result b yResolved, That the ticketmitted to into meeting by the Committee of Fifteen to hereby approved and adopted, jnd that we cordially and earnestly recommend it to the a Ipport of all the conserva- tive, patriotic and Union laying jroters of this State.8TX£CHOfMb TILDCM.After t h e reeding of t h | resolutions, Mr. TILDIN pro-namedtoapartythatbaa lealadherentsinOfteenexists between theNorthan tion that concerns a vast far than 3,600.000 human bejng>. which I hare just made? refthet in property—not tossthe vested rights of our Southern friends, and they takethat sa a mere cover to Caleb the dupesof thewhigparty, who bare been caught b y that very bait. ( A p -plause.) If all they wanted was to keep steeery out of theTerritories, was it necessary to send secretly tnroogh tneSouthern States that book of Belper's, whica was to snakethe slave rtoe against bto master? No. my friends, that had nothing to do with permitting slavery to go into the Territories Was it necessary for their speakers to nrm- patbise withJohnBrown? (Cheers sad groans.)Wae itnecessarytorthemtomarchwtthhisbodytof£»oes- ston t o i t s resting place, a a d there oae of the!BostonBegroesof the republican V**r*J*r *^*?£J!Em\ Anthony over theTdead body of Caassr, nmkiagsp-Here there wereWood, which were rising usi vi, chairman it formed the meeting tit man was not then pr<Mr, Tilden prooseded five years, and you have and South, keeping up machinery of organized In this state ot the pubHon. f arnando the honorable gen-didates. And for what p recily says, to inn State*: in other words,your resolution eor- polley forthese tne great questionDanlei Drew,f eter 8. Dnry*iAH 'm DecTbos. F. DevcStephen By ait,'E S. HMgins,James palme,J T. Haaades,Jas. E«rfa .C. B. flabih,St.B.HaTt,C C. Hohr.es, | j ' G Henry Keep, C W , Lawrence,AlvinHiggius,JKettleman,Ai.1lavia, TheCBAntsASthan songfromDr.Gail-ItIItreason;ittorevelation;tttopiracy.(ProlongedJeremiah, Jeitlnghaus,John Lloyd, Ooi Jameij Lee, W.J. Langley,ind thereby insureelection of Uncota andttaatun,s - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ French, another the English. That tt what Ilepherd Knapp,Inram Ketenum, W Vu Lingerwood,h isfamiliar tone of "Watt Or. GransTta aang in whole sudiohcejoin-management of the country. (Cheers ) But what are we tossy of a party banded aaattstt eight milboaaof our brethren,toattackthemtotheirproperty,mtheirfeel- toga and in theirfiresidesand hopes ? That to aot party.S«fieavitt, Arthur Laary,Edward Lynes,P. Lorillar.1. Jr.,John 8. Lawrence,IsaacLawrence, rjwiONCAMPAIGNBOWKeby, E.B.CrgenT' Ludlam, Drake MUM.s»i°'*usoneand graphical attttostbma and of all sectional parties.Thestate o f things t otro vers vivided by parties North' agitation by all the ldn. (Applause)has lasted forcertainthattheywould uponithehtatter, andhewas os reason together,my tonalparty. (Applause.) Lotineir "<|J*^Hamlin,rspeakerresumed•PPSectMwaldiattoetioasweneverwill rasaaWe'll fgbi but for t*>e Union,aad the red, whits and bias.Then,hurratortheUntoo,be WefighttosavetheUaion,antGodisoa ouraide Wefinbi againat a faction who would "tat Ihsi Uaienaltos,"to a resolution ofInstitute,Septem to Tawaassiy Hail, pet a bucktail in aay bat,Theyareall[tanasof the meeting-ward—(hiases)—toout o f Territories?has niade f o r t h e(Groans and laughter.) to that all be wants? Sumner I(Hisses and groans.) Is that a.1 he wants- Do they want Southf Ittoaquea- myfrtonds Theywanttoabolitionize usbyabolishingintimately permeates a ll John Martin, Jr. Cz*rU«ea FranFMarburywww.fultonhistory.comThey'll rind that them thr*reason. The tendency of m thetr «!f* *P^ro Statee, M•u-barMil! 3.?09 Su 1otaa»-•• /Ugh,13069editortott«stoinsultandto.J^*£JraeT<»««•> • * . A-.—+ ttxmf from the ounreesrwejr^. _t^ j ^J W Roberts, Nap Roseofeldt, Jas. J Roosevelt, U a l i k TTl l.lt«»«patriots at the berm beware of geographical t ^ ^ . i ^ / ^ t T a e a i n tor tnia , 