 rr VBW-TOBK,WXranSDAT,80^.14»,.ii6».TBB IIBW«TMKPablUied la tb* Tnat BkBFuk,<aBuk^mr,Sgnwescape of a piisooer.involving the questioo whetherWhen we consider that the expenses of the plaint, with what might seem to be personalpoints stated—)he DUtrlct-Attomey might asSFBaamu, IlL, Springfield, the home of oar.'_':_~seTOTlSsM taXie^oting•v'fSr^fu'^^nm;o^n ly,=ssof ertae, and five pettycmm ofany legal agent for a line had pewar toaaayeu. cision is HeBXW-TOBKWlMB<8«al-W««kl7)—TbuiI>o> yetThree Noble Brothers.far as regard*pUgTlmage to tUspotat. ud,,wlDb. HI.Miert-aT^^;^- Fraa Ow Bpeelal 0«rt«,p„4„^«<»U|r) te lObUaheil tToryof underThnnday, Nov. s,rendered. MMSyMr Another heavy bll inment for thefugitiveslaves,wouldbenogreat9«f; t*»«epiMTbuiD«luu;active. Pricesthe statute in quest onprotectionofthoseignorant cf the manner of procuring tickets,"anybody—V-TM Flour, Wheat and Com were lesst«*M*i«it*accomplish be in-unlikeis most prophets, notwithoutbooortM xUnMfor riTx 00U.AB8.St^eksmatterwhiletheitwould animosities woaldenterprisingcitizen if the Ter- FirstWard, thecaseofGoidonbeforetheOyerand;AMU IKHM •«• «iB teiHl lit « Cbii«"*j»iMir nc*it*ammetrme»nJ>)r Unurif.or '8Ih> MSa« aiiri • Bmtf— ku etmpenntvm,a» HKW-TOKK TIIIK8 (W»kIy)-Two DoLiiis »fire ooplM Fin Dol- miitm»,fttlttti,iUUneme inftra c«n/or^;in his owe conntry. His bosest, apen-hearted, mady, fie* udability and uprlgbtaeH, bave leeimd Un ken per-;perpetuitygreatnationsonal"honest Old Abe" or Preiidait of the Uaited ttatas.V *T?» "*sectionalmillion of dollars in the scale against the peaceattractedRdssel'l has been—fMgrtl*mOiuJMlart»i»comfm*altom.•»ttaloWMt ofmostkindsfavored(buyers. Cottonwas sal-run pressed yesterday, that the disunion movement in frcm their service, and seek shelter in any of the SouUi ia trnpopnlar wHh the great mass of the the States of the Union: The Southern Statessome delusionplacenext Hank, hasWe see no reason to change our opinion, ex- ingregard to thealarmed lest the Union should be dis-people in thoae States in which it has been inaugu-rated, excepting perhaps in Sonth Carolina. Our of the Constitution as an essential conditiondispatches,which weand the numerous newspaper extractsof Union. The free States admitthat the first newspaper which reaches us produce nearlydischarged, either byofnouncingdisunionintheseverestterms. Wefind of is the Washington Constitulian one of the forms Dixon's line that peculiar spiritper- one is aware, a criminal prosecutionappears the mosthe might needlessly, and, indeed, presump-•MiSjnarbilkeBpeeial Saasisas—createmanjraubbagenoiesIf this deciaion had been accepted-as law—JohnB. Enbioht, chaiged with assaultIa'prime of life. They will then arerage $1,000 understand that the Qomplainants, as individ-BaOdbc, frwtiii« th* CItr or not a Sheriff is responsible for the absenceFederal Government are now eeveMy millions, it will be seenthis additional item, to be expended in pay-to and re-ihs^KaMn•Wi'l-^tlwt—Cmi.wrTedrt UH Court on an appeal to the General Term. Hoabout inducements once thatpublicsen-^eofB* mW-TOSK THUS *««»*<toi*»«««k, B^SaDnuuitfcnewly alerted Froident, t^jast bow the Meees of BapabUeuj,^_his prisoner when taken from his custodyannually at-,justicea Federal writ, was again before the Superior de-at so leasttheopened on the market yesterday forenoon, New-Tork Central reftm touching 70 V' cent. But the subsequent turn wasAnnamed John E. EtiKmBT, has"demand the rigid enforcement of this provisionLincolnUi AdmlnWradOB aodthe obligation, but the moral sense of their people revolts at its fulfillment, and it is easier to rally the posse comitatut in resistance to the law, convening the State Legis- than in aid of the Federal officers whose dutyelsewhere, almost all tend to this eoDchision. The South Carolina Lejislature ad-giveof his the policy,and the members have retired to their homes. Got. Pitt (78, of Mississippi, hasnow astheylooked to Gen. Jackson inpresent terances on that subject.jonnied yesterday,PnhUc Justice Hindered.Since the beginning of the present month there have been arraigned in the Special Ses- The evils growing out of this unfortunate sions one hundred and six persons charged does not, so far as we can gather from the dispatch state of things are almost incalculable in with the commission of assault and battery.garded John E. Enbiobt's reward as too lib- eral, contending that the Mayor would have1882.This is -a mistake. Mr. Lincoln is notInued alatste, to consider the propriety and necessity of it is to execute it.proclamationsurer and better safeguards for the lives, ubeities and property of Mlssissippians, but heabundantlyjustbyprovidingbaldians on the 1st inst., and capitulated the next to the South, to serve a master forday.' The text of a dispatch from Lord John Rns- transported8XI.L to the British Minister at Turin had been life, for no crime except that he loved to en- greedy complainant to silence. published, which was ratlicr in contrast to the oneand such a body, if convoked, couldfrom the same source a short tiiaeisevery Ex-IIeolih-Warden mayMayor thewill be forwarded to the State De- partment, and may be the basis of an unpleasantfromthe decided Anti-Slaveryviction and punishment would deprive thebacked thethe Pilot Cffmmissicners. by Statr',should do the legal fighting, (which has beenstrongest ground of complaint against the Nortli, can afford to stay In the Union, the Gulf States ean afford it. If those who lose the most runaway slaves make^ the leaM conipiaint and the fewest threats, it seemscorrespondenceon a scoot with Us at the time, and favor at that time. The country had not companyAmerican Squadron there, who neither dressedindictment in the neglect is considered the more reprehensible from you congratulate Uie country upon 'he certaintyjoy freedom, is an incident well calculated toThe statute allowing the prosecution to be withdrawn, upon the satisfaction of the partyRiGDT, therefear thatWood's fraternalrespect for SoutLom rights. Ue needs, in the opinios of conservative men here, no btt'er vouciter than ills memorable answers to Ur. Oocslas' eategorles,wtiiehcoming upon a party of redskins, be made a charge experienced enough of the harrowing effectsof no bettertilings than the passage of a law making all assaults, not now felonious, simply private injuries, to be remedied by damages in a civilthem, in which he received three bullets inhis body, kUling him almost faistantly. Previoosto his death he killed four of the Indians with his Slave law but by this time the mostIjnowfor remedy such^u admliustrauon of Us affaiiauponwhich flow fromthe,£Xecutionof theby the fate of the previousCourt of General Sessions, the District-Attor-ney removed the cases of ENBiant and Gor-don to the Court of Oyer and Terminer, Judge ablyhonest able and efficientfor th.««^°?E^T HAWKINS, Vice Pres-t. *c. For the Information of politicians who wtah to i this place from New-York, I may as well stMpistols. There is no other news of particular mo- ment from the Territory.The schooner Wm. L. Cue»v:ell, ofFugitive ; skepti- cal must see thmt there can be no peace, nothe fact that every week the Hartford Is called upon t» celecrate foreign snniversatles.I*. L, on was.seized Norttport, and imtQ this chafing and bySurveyorHabt, South,should remain as which theGocLD presiding;and theeitherof thegreatMondaywhile she was lying at anchor in the North Biver, wound shall be heided.irritatingunder circumstancespicion thut she was bound on a slave•was taken in voyage.party complaining cannotthe to that held by Judge Rcssill in his b) ne arly 1 ,900 men. We annex a list of the shipslo bring passengers here la about the sametheShe charge by.Capt. Faitiice, of ttie Har-riet Lant, and towed to Atlantic Dock.t al the same price, the fare and oonllagent^vHtt JtUsfirH"" *i><lFOWUB by Governor Moboajiby vtillalongpfOVM.JlumKT, it-, againstyear immediately preceding the enumeration, 1,011dec by a triumphal '''<=<"^^°^^^seemedcaughtvttt, yeaterdajmasters,tlieywerequiteandwithdrawn.not been heart from." includes all those whoThis wereof Lincoln arguments. thatLo rars ».^owedAvotMakenonthe Kejolce*!Ofthe waswasted—hearing daypost-thoughtofescape from thetheasdismissingwas made. prisoner, at the time of the emigrant-swind- The lesigDatloiisof ratrolmen Wm. B. CiainiiTiB.or the Fifteenth Isaac Jobssos, of the ElghUi: i^l,II«<»lilnir the ballot,,^<"^. <h»>i'Mj»ions severalwere sentenced to State in all these iswe haveno reason todid know, that theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069party pretendingto have Squad, wer« received and accepted.,bnti'*"declining,were, Rynpers committed a grpsaoage up-strongly favoringsus-mannedabout $31. Doable thii lot theretoral 30 have the nice little sum of tM requisite for anpHm Board of Benevolentfor the suppression of impositions upon strangersfof the very famous decision. The jury found Gor- North Carolina, R. S. . ».300 '-iOO 3<I0 300 220the fraudulent sale oflaft evening at the German's Saving Bank, Mr.not be sowhether the slaves run off or not.e^ save Mr. Libcols tbe persecutions of Pisaca •« Cb»-bypassenger tickets, metampleas to make them Indifferent Such a.at theoption of aprivate individual.10 108 The satannoA returns from s cruise on the Homewill keep away most of tbe small-firy poUtidaMkSocieties,associatedbroughtpublic law, to be compromiseddonguiltyalmostwithoutleavingtheirseats and for Jaues Enright, who figtires in the same indictment, but who demanded a separateCorvette SavannahCuoetle Cumberland Corvette VauriaUaSpanish Frigate Barranjuela24 24 30man to visit the Prei-ident elect, whIlethejotti«rh»>e occupies full forty-eight houia. This time aoaaeaeT^^ recent pardon of Frankoff-'-'^'f the -route, while on Wedne»iayo^with strongIn the ease ot the charge made by Williamstep was taken by their counsel. Judge Ko- MONDs, who gave as a reason for it the fact that the case was now fully before the public,packetsnot be lostthem when ^^^^^return toIn the Court o( Oyer and Termmer, yesterday, the various cases on the Calendar were called, butnumber, then,public judgment.The excuse seems to ussuchas he professed to have re-Supervisors,complimentingthe Police force for their;,disap-public burthens.The Census of 1850 shows that for oneupontheytheirfrom Toledo through,Indian.'"^^^^^ZT inone of the prisonersdon, indicted with EsEiOBT for ticket-swtodling. greatest number of fugitives;giveto n such authority, was not himself a"How tto »•» tatiTinotians forhome, with noorhavenation of the .<="';'", "VaidVI hile taking We thought ol^ajtaa^the trial of Enbioht wasbeenpublished before complaintmayawayunderthem on their arrival of all the funds which dition of-our Federal Government. They areTrustee of that region announcing the fact, say one word aboQt their effects upon the public mind. They Of these, thirty- five, or one-third, have been his renown.which-enrnininn Indeed, it is a sigoiticaut fact all the bitterness of sectionalanything hastilym ICw-ftwat gimta. ;i-.i*iy.' I&o^^fr 1^ iBgfl.wWf-inA.mm^fTMIMI'iMmVBsaentten was quashedV«»wia supposethatmore ftfHHwftad-telrwart* on iiubHe weeaey, •• weU •• Uwlain&ant. snlinoDe case the juit were im- the Cree State* now than in iSW. I«t U be violation of the proprieties of his officialanttsitee*Mm,hMMaasetf »ailimtyfarto iJing. The leaned also beki that Judgefi»MH«FrftHBnruioiiirthere werepoai' assumed, therefore, that 1,000 eaeape annaal- tlon, aiM he richly deseires wfaaterer pun-legalThey evidently"known fact that it is only the baser sort" in the offence committed, though technicallyfur a period of twenty-four As to Francis Enrioht, theto which Southern madness threatens to go.this port at a late hour last night, with the mails Federal Government perform the duty which personal suit, or else leaving it, as at commonrulingclasses" to commit bar-room butcheries ture to predict, p.'cve utterly abortive ; and SecesslonisLs ? That is t)est answered que^tlou\tjsentiment whichThe Eevolutionists in the interior had ranks, is in a position to feel with ten-folddispute.madenonewmoTemcntofimportance. Themem- force, the difficulties which arebers of the ChiriquiaSurveying Expedition had ar-rived at Panama from Golfo Dolce. connected with the responsibility of puttingThe news from Central America is of no special this obnoxious statute into execution.Knowing, however,that a criminalprosecu-interest. The fate of Moba and CanaS was at-What then can be done ? Is there no com- mon ground on which the two sections canuntil she shall to the extraordinary decision made by Judge junctions,confiscated,considerable attention in Salvador, andlad called out in the Gaceta OJicial a bitter arti-cle against Costa EIca, which was attributed to meet? Cannot something be done which shall and BaBXIAB, the President. It was apprehended thathe has m justified,tractingand evince hercompassion by giving magnanimousthe case oi oU Joaa Baowa of Os- injunc- sawattsmle, and that he has the nerve to do It, not aa difficulty might arise between Salvador and Cos- ta Rica, if Babbias continued at the head of the Government.The Ponjr Express is telegraphed from Port to return all the Weloss,view of theKearney, with advices from San Francisco to the3d inat. On the Ist the steamer Vncte Sttmleft for Panama to connect with the Aspinwalltetmer, having on boaid over a million in treas- coneideration. It is tmforUiia pott. The political canvass in Cali- lawfonda was clo^g with the impression on all sides for payingpoint. justice Ito commence ers Us head thatandyet respectthat morallearned and eloquent Judge in hismMr. KiNO, the Chief Engisssr of the BrooklynKavy-yard, has received instnictlomwork on the of the C. S. steam-ljrlgate macbioerypervadesalarge partofitswife of her support,derived from his labor.commenced,) and that when occasion de-In a letter recently addressed to manded the Comptroller should step in and fair to concede that the disunion clamor o( theat once save the slaveholder from seriousgave notice that he did not agree with thetions,but wUl build hispier,man heie who knows Um can doubt.Oae of the strongest elements of uUon in the Ssuthwillbetheoffice-hokllng element. AlreadyMr.Lia- ooiH has received busbels of appUcaUons for office, and the South Is fully represented. Even a Oeocgla Postmaster b among the number of pcmyerfol pettdos-be His Interest in the spared.fugitives?speak with any great confidence on thisBut there is one which at least planafor assault in the character, and less liable to local influencesnuyuUon is measured exactly by his salary, and the thou-theiraiTlvsl of the mail from Santa Fe, New- them. This proposition was mado in the anis the largest propeller in the nary, and has been com- lederacy could offer such fat pickings at the publicUtat the State would go for LofCOLS. ofhowever,Lwcolhreceivedtkeunpaid Nov. 7. N.w-Yo»r,%'tlMyitk;wrireceiveioteUigencethat.Capt.Gkobqk SenateoftheUnitedStates, in IfoIiAin, of the Mounted Bifies, was killed by theNavaiohaswhich be never intends toyet arrested and locked up for the night.simply to theKoanoXre. ?ome alterations contemplated wUl be ef-fcame well aware that no Southern Cju-confidence, no hajrmony between the North suit Assaults withBefore the eipiiatlon of this week there will prob-be concentrated off the a Brooklyn Navy-Vardtheslaveowners. The should vindicationof compensationjjEUiaOHAUB presiding A verywas rood by Mr. Johnstone, Counsel of the Board,showing that the bogus ticket-offices had mostly more expense than the Federal Govenunent by our legal record that the complaint againstGreatsatisfaction wasTotal l.-t^Ocord, or BocHAaAii In PennsylvaUa. I am however, that the hungry politiciansgratifying report state ofthings might be attended witiiratherCapt. Ryndkbs* Assault.—ItwUl beseen trial, the same fate is very likely in reserve. According to the decision of Judge Bussell, Stationnotof the West»waU^prospect" and had andthe Lincoln we. '""-"^^iZ dissent,any were ready for trial. Most neighborhood, or at no great distance from It would have been just as strong against ceivedauthoritysecondly, that the party pretendinglurking in thequiteefficiencypreservingthepeaceday,63 ar.d all tl e Oppof suit,°,"eweted the affll"-* ^ ^and thattheyare for the mostishment the law wooM inflict.pert in the Wecanreadilyas he saw fitpolice officer, was acquitted. The case of Wi«K«.- in or be it corere^ all the Sacsin »*. WiLLxn. brought to recover for ttie each; value, 11,000,000 in the aggregate. uals, might imwilling ta press the com- and certainly subetautiallybut by way month after month, and year after, year, has d'rectWi« TUn fOK CAUrOBNIA If pnbUibad on the scted in Provisions, Groceries, Naval Stores, Oils, of anticipating objections, we may remark, he been paraded before the public as a profes- of a raihoad or steamboat line was guilty of a We have yet had—for be Is emphattoally ear 41 theIHaiUlli or arerr M*U itcuaer. Price, la wraroere. Metals, Hemp, Fish, Candles, Foreign JJquors. that it should commend itself aUke to the sioBal emignutt swmdler, a professional ticket violation of the statute." The Judge further people. The nation will, perhaps, Idn^ Uaalleged ,llifcwilil 8*eeiBiconaiBbenft>rwud«lonkpiiUasUMU able and steady. A limited businesssuggest,FUthoiity" from the company or owner doubUess, prove the most tndy deiiu>entie ntatdont4*»«eBU«er riB«le oepies. Bpices sod Whisky. Hay and Tobacco ^tracted and less attention. Hops were ia good demand. alkreholders,'and^*- if^'^and on incidental^)MMntotoWWrwMtteH.J.KATUOKB&Ca, Freight*weredepressed,andrateslower. whoarenowsaddledwith.theodiousrespon- and batteriesofeveiy land. Sogreat, in- thatthedutyoftheprosecutionterminatedin hcoerty.rwanliiiim »t tke l(Wr^T«ms TiMi. Hew'Totk Cttr.MBLOV Bfnpw nruu»- LAITBAKBHWaTHK*tBK-P»ilio'*»»*i»W—*'"- '-*-^'—*-— slbiikyofretomingthefogitires. Ofthe<Hie deed,hasbeenhisfameia these accompliah- provingthesaleoftheticket It wouldthen Innist,however, r tik tti—gia>B0WBBT THKATKE-SpAunta ISMmrSMUSjmi—D»y»»*Ereoln*—WhaiIjIit—Actio C»iO)Mai-Be»i Emi»-thirds of their value or even one-half instead position under the City Inspector, with a' sal- owrer," Thanks to this deciaion, we shall ;ofone-tenth. The fngitivea themselves would ary attached thereto of twelve hundred dol- stand some chance in future of seeing thetrol.toemigrant-swindlers who infest our piers and Vncle An'B election created aa,BABDKt—Bosuo ako Jmtir.law for the return of" fugitives£rom labor."oadar Haeon-ft Koo»«»' CixwB.returned to and one wouU At the time, there were many, even of thosee> On. Plnramee.NKWS OF THE DAY. or elsethe headsA Our— Democratic friends seem todeny that the clause proTiding for this object,';that it develvesthe Federalupon Government,theto their owners slaves who||Ij|\evenings,uponthe of surrender- States, dntybeactual con-l|tleal ImposdUlltytemptingevidence which convicted GoeOon is arrayedCoo-:bribe,mightconstrain a timid orRvNtEKSwithout trenching upon the functions of Con-to the people M' the Sorth, swindler,chargesof assaultsheld, as indeed is prescribed byand to the country an assurancecompromise and conciliation which, at the present moment, would be of incalculable value to the cause of Union.respectableof com-&em the State containing the intelligence antagonism, and implant in the bosoms of the plainants or their non-attendance as w^,- men pretty well, and is seldom apt to overesti- eitlier of them intervene to prevent his reach- we have reached acilsls.revolt.Democratic voters of ourinofa of spiritsettlers of Ohio orcalling loudly or dotherequestof LiscoLN's election has a long article de- people on the two sides of Mason's and nesses. At the common law, as every mate their worth. It now that, while ing the Presidency ; and in fact any utterance The great body of the Democratic Press In thedenounce the eztremlsta Utterly. of Declaration of Independence that is to be sub- sonal hate and rancor which exists be- cannot be instituted by a private in- uous brother, he was in reality acknowledg- tnously make at this moment, might itself de- The RegiattT, of this dty, a strong opponent of Mr.lutted to the Sonth Carolina Convention. It em- tween the slaveholders and the Abolition- dividual, but only by th# people. Private—toien on the. 4ti>, we have advices Iratu Europe with it, and to the friends and neigfaborp en- utter absurdity. For while the people remain:bodies a portion of the American Declaration of ^dependence, with the list of grievances alteredhisan entire family. That this may be apparentThe lawsto suit the present condition of affairs in that State. the Territories are general in their operation. covered only by suit in a civil Court. Though toeveryAeoaroftnis.It isunderstood,hasbeenlaidbe-everyone, noble'brothers foribits by the Allies was not accomplished without nied and a mob. Hisresistance on the part of the Chinese. disregarded byexercise of such a derives its sanction righttoUnion, preserve publicists.regulatingSlavery inindemnityfor'injurysustained can be re-be is in office tofling uponhim officialBut the question of restoring a fugitive slavei«x, fttan LiTerpool on the 3d rast., rid Queens- terest to the parties immediately connected they have yet rendered it in some respects an Yesterday John E. Kkbiqbt was charged them that Mr. Bcchanas is President of the uieaiores to pat down tne treason, punish tte tnilata,the statutes do not expressly abrogate this an-the arrival of the steamship Canada at Hall- to his master is a personal affair of special in- cient and w^-established principle of law, dayduty aa a private (dtizen.cise of l.tathe arm of treason be raised,fore tte President Hfofcourseina ofbravado. spirityesterday, to-day,idgbduties,Our friends must excuse us for reminding li will be the duty of every Democrat, wben eaUedemanatingago. He acknowledges the right of the people ofSoitthem Italy to throw off their allegiance to ple, and to nerve the hearts of brave and stur- chiefly aggrieved, was doubtless designed to do ccnsolation and assistance of brother Jakes beyond it ; so that in any event its delibera- d.iw even fiom Sri ator BihjjtaiN a compUmenl taarouse the generous indignation of a free peo-Fbakgis II. and cannot blame the King of Sardi- dy yeomanry to resist the law. It is a well away with the public expense of a trial, whennia for receiving th^m as his subjects. He sjysand it ofcould, course,exercise nonehowever we may differ with the man, not to lulmirebutthewill be dissatisfied with its witbdrawaLwellhaveabandonedall future attemptsobtain conTictlons for a crime which is,has lorg been, one of the most seriousproachesagainstourCity. But by carrying Ourprophet, however. Is not dead,bntUvsOl,gooddecided^ upward, and in the afternoon the market calculable. Who would think of weighing a public attention by his bold and successfiilma- signally reversed. Judge Gocld holding that easy, and yet dlgoUed mamter, tofether wlft Uaclosed firm, and, with few exceptions, at prices aswell as on Monday. New-Tork Central, 71^ Erie,29. TheMoneyMarketr«Tnalnsunsettled, but less feverish. Btchange feU to 106i®107i.naeuvres for theown, and the fury of his attackssoever should be rash enough to attempt in-" who were•B-WWWf md W«eH> iMii to Clerfyawm was trans- tails of such a law as weinallayinglongminer, the ruling of Judgeandrate States ?of thisof confede-uponwhom-friends,wholoveandi«q>ecttaia,whether>•The Union men of all parties appear to hare coaft- dence in Mr. Lmools'b conservatiTe record. They tliougb we receive confirmation and fuller details there is the Slaveholder with his property at difficult to understand bow a private individ- so merciful as not to rip the officer up But the fact is so, nevertheless. The constitu- point to Ui vote against the uncondltlnnal nbnlltlee nf oCprevfoas iatelligence. The capture of the Taku stake, and the tenure by which he holds it de- ual can withdraw or compromise it. Yet the with a knife, or shoot him through the tional obligation to maintain the integrity of Slaveiy In tke District of Colomtila, Us geanlae Pa^tiMp days later than were received by the NorthAMtrietat. There is not much that is actually new, gaged for or against it.On the one hand, theto a suitSpecialsault upon a police officer, but as he had been theyitorder, and to see tUar Sovereignty bm for effecting the vohmtaty atioil-familyTke most important of the forts was carried by as-- and friends are deeply moved at what they from a statute now in forceheart with a bullet, the case was,— of course, pooh-poohed out of Court nothethat Federal laws are administered, rests wholly upon Mr. BtroHAHAN, who has to aidation by the owners themselves and their fello w elMdesperateand a prosecu-;- zens of the District, and the compromise clause al-partyagainsta-criminal,it isarequiteexcusable forforgettingalt, vrith the loss of two hundred French and regard as a flagrant outrage upon his and their tion brought for the vindication of the public•teat the same munber of English put liori dueoaitt, while a thousand Tartars were found klll- Constitutional rights, which is thus brought justice, and public safety, may be arrested should consider himse'f lucky for having es- him adl the iFgislatire, the military, and the their sUve-eervanta with them taito the Ustilel, taa-•d in the fnt, including the General-in- home to them, and a feeling of deep resent- whenever the assailant shall.be able to buy or 'The nhnost renanee Is placed In the goodatase of suffers no'haim. The Southern men to see that Mr. LtacoLX is not lAtaieil oocapied Tien-tsin, where the Ambassadors sion of their bosoms. The Press and the poli- We commented in terms of censure a few an indictment for ticket-swindling, in the Court means end tke authority in his hands are to their rights, bom Us stralglitforwanl aaewars to were met by Chinese Coramissioners, and were ez- ticians take up the cause of the injured, slave- weeks ago upon the action of the City Judge of Oyer and Terminer, on evidence w^hich has equally aoiple. No resort to extra constitu- Mr. DccoiAS as to his poUcy on the isffl* of tbeChief. The other forts capitulated lucces- " "ttMtf, and the Allies soon afterwards ment and hatred of the North takes posses- bully or coax his accuser from his design.—John E's deserving brother will tried on to see that thetional methods is required, or would be war- day. It is thought here, that the bet al already convicted the notorious Stsphsn Gob- Mr.Liscoui'sSouLbem parentage, uirth and asstri-peoled soon to proceed to Peking with an escort of holder, and thus the flame of sectional antag- in taking especial pains to favor two noted cavalry. It was Urlieved at Paris that the objectof France in hindering the blockade of (iaeta was onism is spread, over a wider circle, until it bullies with an adjournment of their case, inand in the ranted. It is proposed that a "Convention of mouialmerely to give an opportunity to the ex-king of finds additional fuel in similar outrages done order that they might prevail on the public charge of the prosecution. No doubt Gordon the several States be summoned by the Presi- rtal lovers of the Unron in the South, and, at least,Naples to make his escape, and thus prevent the to other slaveholdrrs.partneras he is not on trial before Judge Bdssellwhich would follow his capture, which otherwise might be considered imminent.coiapUcationsCapua was attacketl by the Piedmonteae and Gari- the claim that he is a slave, and must be see how a threat of renewed violence, or a seclusion of State Prison and as the same more power to convoke such a body than Capt.effortaatsecession. Askh 1637 he recorded Us belief that Congress bai no power over fcJavery in the States. Nearly every one ofOn the other band, the seizure of a man on withdraw his complaint. It ia very easy to will be sentencedin the the South. Evidently, the President has no pressionbeforemakingearlymale mem-graUfied to see the people building up the eilifice of all the Free States, who will volunteer to en- against the people, was really, or at least prin- ber of this distingmshed family, he will prob- The project is simply one of a half-dozen in- ansn ers w< re given." Even Mr. DoiraLAS Umjelf"thirdbe tried to-morrow on a charge of willful genious contrivances for relieving President said : "Mr. Lixcolb is one of those peculiar men w^oHer Majesty's Government will betheir liberties and consolidating the work of their force the Fugitive Slave law ; while the most cipally, against a private individual. The mis-the perfect candor >ind frankness with wUch thesefurther" thatindependence ofEurope."sympathies(hat respectable people will do in that way is take consisted in not either making the offence— law not lib- Buchanan f om the fulfillment of dulios he perfotm with admirable skill everythng wUch theyamid theand good wishesablymurder the yetbeingsufficiently undertake."The Tanderbilt steamship North Star arrived at to remain passive, and let the officers of the an entirely civil injury, to be remedied by a eral in its ideas to recognize the right of " the clearly detire.i to evade. They will, we ven-But, it is a.'^Ked, what will Mr. Lixooui do with thefrom the Isthmus, New-Granada and California. The d£ws from the latter point is not si late by a week as we have received by the Pcnv Express, the latest advices by which are to Oct. il.From New Granada thp intelligence is interest- meet. A rigid effort to enforce the Fugitive above, illustrates how often in the present excess of the merits displayed by this dis- is the man,. and his opportunity is before him.- ours.ing.Slave law is the sure road to the favor of thecondition of thethefor assaultwe elect athe law imposes, without obstruction.Such are the difficulties which every Ad- vate individual could compromise. ^The re- that the reward of a sinecure, with but a prac ically abdicating its functions, or of cour-law, a crime against the public, which no pri-at pleasure.Who shall daresayafterthis, ":law,complaintJohn E. Enright, doubt-ifhad an interview with therefore, you undertake to destroy the UUon, it willonly a beggarlyexperienced greatest embarrassments her husband, without slightest design true founder and magnificent sustainer in thements of ti.e mightyCommodore" upon the Mr. Bill would seem to Mr. LmooLX's ported justifyhaveRepublicans,the the ofis aharmless whichshe beEvaded.— inevitably tion only weapon, byof the City. Mr. Vander- States, as they say out here,Gulf "won't amsunttoTombs, appearsubject criminalmorningmeekness Russell in the emigrant-swindlingcon- Ward and Gilbert,—the District Attorney probably payGovernment mails aud custom -houses areher humbledsentiment of the her service and support, she hastens to asent toreceiveliegeintoshall not rests the accused, in vindication of publicparticular species of offence ; and also that he would take the earliest opportunity to have that decision reviewed in some Court of higherpenalties. Naval latelUgcaee.deservesTo such an order of farce as this, are third of all the prosecutionstoslaveholders the'value Court of Special Sessions reduced. Undersands of other Southern office-holders are b the fected, it hUe others are not approved. The Roanoke category. They areprovide byfugitive slaves, instead of restoring euch a law, any person who wishes to spitethan the Court of General Sessions.enemy,Indiana on the ISth of October. He was Badoeb, of North Carolina, but it found no which he would fail if he did, to see his victim der circumstances exactlyhalf a year on her machinery alone. to have more sense than to send to1860, byprosecute,The of Americans patrl^>ti>mmessages. Mr.Mr.and inata state of the Bar before Judge Russell. But warned nor fired a salute in honor of Indcpcndenc^e Day. TM Ucn tu the hrst office hi tne gift ot man. aad througkonlycomplaintforpreciselythesameoffence,committedun- similar to those foroughtIn China dent electdangerous >veapons they now ore, felonies,that has assembled Inand, indeed,the complainants. Thisand OUo, on election day, the/"^^^i^acquisition of property not hisfor theto beWe wil] not now attempt to sketch the de- terrupting his buaness." 'Again and again, and that who sold a ticket without So far as personal demeaaiv Is ooaeecaed, be win,Tk« FvgiUTe Slare I«ir—Wtat Cnl Be thousand slaves "wlio annually escape to the ments, that our worthy Mayor—ever vigilant become the duty of the prisoner's counsel Ben who assert, as HA the Adonis of tke New-TorkDoae Alwat It 1 ThemostembarrasafngdatywhichdeTolvesupon the administrators of the Federal Gor- emment, results firom the enforcement of theFree States, perhaps not more than one-tenth to foster the seeds of democratic virtue*—notpait are eve'r recovered. Their owners will, many months ago procured the appointment oner in selling the ticket only acted a* theBar, that "Mr. Liacoui ooald spUt aiaU at byloekbifIt" ImakethestartlingaimonncenieBttkatIII.Lu-!ItI aoeur Is handsome is, know, Batoral and poU-man wllh theany Cosloa-therefore, do admirably well to recovertwo- ofthisdistinguishedFirstWardertoasinecureduly authorized agent of "the companyorThere »fe those who, by a strict snd literalconstrncUon of the Constiiation, pretend to be relieved from a world of anxiety and peril of lars a year.be Therefore, the »wnn ugly.HHi<ht of;Theand much ingenuity think that their friends, thp AboUUonlsts, who most disposed to accept theMayor'^judgment cuting officer is now clothed with all needful Us good ftortone has added to the bealjrty M U«goodfiuth, snd insistwere whichrestson electionhe hadRepublican;JtdgeTnirLiNOEbbob WorthCobreotino.in hishappylongas thesebapM^Slaverydulypunished.prose-Bet wtetberbeingrefersto negroshiTes;has been expended in the maiiitenance vS this can be supposed to have no motive in aiding as infallible, who regarded the reward be- authoritylutlon ip public opinionsol^ect.HOOI.ET ft CAMPBELL'S, Nlble'l Seloon-KliiWMAB evasive proposition. But the great body of them to escape, but philanthropy, would give stowed on John E. Enriqht as excessive. be swipdled, while tiie svindlers escape, the that I hare rarely met a more aCsble, eonHll aaiMMOxitxmaant. the CANAl-STEKKT-No. 3I»-Whii«)0K'5 Ful Saiiiet clause in question, intheir hearty support to such a measure;while Many as were the faces which he hadresponsibilitywill be elsewhere than on the—than that of Mr. Imnnamo-Althou^ the tide of who wtn ao doubt poUtkdans,American people, of all parties, accept the""mashed on election daybenevolent facialexprearionPresident and his supportersnnmerons asthewould be drawn to it as a means of escapeshoulders ofGocld.momenta. Somenta continue I wUl roach that oor new Prnldeat wUlneverbetakenforaaeare-ciow.split open on primary andcountlessaswerethe emigrants whom he had converted into goodfrom the odlotM Tasponsibilitythem, ofenforcing a statute at which the betterand nobler instincts of human natoreThey would, at the same time, by pursuingthepolicyhereindicated,givetotheSouth shouldhavecarriedthemoutWest,tobScome—Wisconsin, notwithstanding .all these services, we say, to that cause, of which Mayor Wood is the illus- trious champion, there were ne'verthelesssome niggardly and grudging spirits who re- safetydemandsis the scene of But the Mayor, as a general thin;, knows hisPresident. He is simply a citizen of the if that is not regarded, a stem word aptly put, wHIUnited States, as other, without office, bring the Interrogator to Us senses. Tlie *aae di«- anyand without absolute certainty of occu- creUon, wUch has kept Mr. Liaoour sUent throoghontthe recent exciting campaign, wm prevent hlssayiagsatisfied all hismaking him School Commissioner or Schoolapparently only rewardingconspic-pspers etpedallyfeat his election. It will be time enough when LiscoLS, makes the follovking manly avowal" We ihlsk it Is the of dutyttttutlonallydemandofcitizens,andif, intbeexer-ingDemocimt to respon- to Us (Ur. LnicoLii'sl Adnilnlstrulon (not Us paitylCity, by robbingto show by affirmative evidence that the pris-railroad stationson tUscotitinue to be or I ««i»ot tay, I km fare csoatwance not, Vb(r^;and ifemigrtmtsgreatlysolved,to issue ato save it.is already President and they look to him forclnltyand upongeniral topicshe asand are Proclamation,on Mr.anecdote as usual.pying one. Death, or revolution, or a failuretbe utmost devotionwith even greater strength against Jahks E.v- exercise no powers within the Constitution biitution and the Union, together with the stiictest'nasty.Tbi Law Against Emigrant Swindling to.So,constitutionallyPresident, and,tinguished family fThe Great Squatter Again.Comp-We which Ward and Gilbert had been placedHOH. A elec- ship UUon o( New-York congratulate you upon your.result has been the largerIf any such law ibouid be enacted, it should promise. Either let us have such a change as from the Court taking diametrically opposite Spanish, tn commission, fully equipped, andbe so framed as not to encourageaway of slaves by relaxinf the vigilance of the law, and allow no suit,Ton* a,63S 1,736 1,7307Kt WO7,864beingrunning this, or else return to the former condition of ground VesRb. Offlccrs aod U^DbeeadlDaediip.with the results of thetlianks were tendered to the Counsel, and also toOlft.HABT, and arrangements made for the prose- would be equivalent to the value of the sUve, on him upon business, was yesterday dis- assert that he acted as sub-agent for some ceiving ship.cuticm of all offenders. The conviction, yesterday, less the expense of his under the missed, 'wiUt the assent on the other man, whom he believed to be clothed The Spaniards, fresh from Vera Crua, will form Wide-Awakes. As we pawed through P«"^^^expressedwouldbeMarshalRykdirs,for Lrwis Tappak and Mr.emigrant-swindling under the statute of last Winter, had only tothethe Barran/nUea putslabors ;of dn notorious Stiti. Oobdon, was referred toUnited States Marshal Btn-for anaiul and battery, ti)6 complaint was slaves escaped from theirhaving assaultedyeslcrdayfrelievcfbyear'svotes ofshouldFugitive Slave addition to the;recoverylaw, would involve no great the applicationfor the East Indies:whUe a law whichMr. anyperson Babnit, while callingwlUing to incurgive the owner such indemnity aser;indicted forVaytdalia Is aboutlose;assert thehim in the to the Emigrant Protective Association, in reference BiLT, nothing daunted by the threats of in-may send her partner to spend a night in the Mr. Jellinghai's, President of the Germanand disgrace of theshuck?."But if the Southern Confederacy is formed, and the" "with authority as agent of the particular lineor steamers for which he was sell-\g tickets. This mere assertion, according station.thy. On election eve the""=_f 5°!!^;four hundredfour hundred for himself— BcTLER, Esq.,The news of the Imrder Slave States having sup-the"harbor. It was decided that, for the present, views. Certainly, if these States, wUch have the;bi.<i speeches bieathestothewas passed supposedrespect for the services and virtues ofgive let us unroll the record of three sibilities. Until then he has merely to do bis eveiy aid aod support that tile Goremmeiit cam ooa-following:to the Govemment In aU eonstltattooal upon, aidat the Courtandtheof Sessions with an as- United States. Under all the circumstances and protect the American Union."doubt with an intimation to the officer that he solowingcaped cheaply. To-day,to-dayto two ;yearscommon uncouthness sepse,ugUoess for the sake of Idielse think that Lincolnsomethinglaboringgresscalendar months. tions wpuld be as revolutionary as any excess Us coDsetvati-m, and the reniariE " It is impossible,the E-Keculive wiil be left the alternative of Mr. Lincoln tiimself in Us Leavenworth speecii*****•troller, yesterday, be our duty to deal With you as old Joaa Baowii was Messrs. Bache and Blunt, Pilot Commission- dealt with. We shall try to do our duty. We hopetheir W. A. and believe that In no tection vnll a majority so act am counsel,Yoa paltry year, will break up the Union. Ttiat will be your act, notministration of tlie Federal Government must cord of the court, to which we have referred twelve hundred dollars a was in ag»ousl/meeiing the crisis. Mr. Buchanan llcahK elect a President, you won^t stand it !The correspondence between Flag-officerMoHTQOilEiiY and Capt. Milleb, of Her Majesty'sjihip die, and between the former and the Inten- slaveholders, but the display of any zeal in is used as an instrument of oppression. It has less, held only a fiduciary character with re-'dente-Oeaeral of Panama, the object of which was, that way is sure to react in the Free States, come to be a settled custom among some of sum—to fix the responsibility for the interference with gard to that contemptiblethe lights of American citizens by the British sen- and gradually to thin out the ranks ot the the lower classes in the vicinity of petty dollars thereof being in trust for Jahes, four tinelsSad terminated in an unsutislactory manner in party which sustains the Executive. Both courts, for matrimonial squabbles to end in hundred more in trust for Francis, leaving both instances. Capt. Montgomkby bad excliang- the Whig and Democratic Administrations the making of complaint by the wife againsted several notes with both parties, and had finallyckised with one to each, in which he reviewed thewhole matter, and expressed regret that he had and injury from this source ; and that of the appearing as a witness agains^him. His con- First Ward of the Emigrant Swindling dy- been unable to obtain a satisfactory reply. The—Theers, i«;ompaniEd bywith reference to the encroach- to render tuck extreme jruasitret rucesMorg,**rightstines and prosecutions, resumedbox, cases of the work on his pier yesterday, and he will Mr. LiNcoLH is pledged to pursue the same course tta>twomanlylittle heed to Courts orand secure offi- cial sanction hereafter, and thus purchase ex-againNorth which will always render it impossible magistrate, who receives her plaint and ar- statute passed last Winter to restrain this emptionto make afrta'l and pains•Such an opportunity was yesterday affordedin the cases of Enbioht and Gordon, indicted paratirely uselul. There is employment for fully crib. Some of the would-be office-holders, the Presi-sojourninghas been sorely wounded by the Commodore -oi ttiefoUowlninaval force than WallnboutBayformanyayear. Itwillconsistofnoroutes, the New-Torkanycom- conviction of Stephen Gordon, under a charge less than &ve men-of-war, foul* American and one New -York aad Erie, and PednsylTanlaCdevolve on thecontent to leave it to the prosecution the duty of showing—first, that Board, yesterday, resolutions were adopted dlrecthig man'hi the '''"i"''" S^o„vCerw«ih"e;lmed with a 1againstponement. But one Uial was had—that of Gob- to the free States. If we reflect that the it. The affidavits narrating the incidents had " duly authorized agent;" and thirdly, that the New-'Vork Express Company, for services rcniJereJ.getting comiriencingprocessa prrxnt of t20 from Shab C. Hov. agent of tlicC^bdon was convicted#et down for to-day. In tha Oonrt tt General Ses- border States, and that the slave population If they were true, as we do not doubt they Urtg cffrnce, had reason to know, and actually Prectoct, and PTrhecoimnacts, O'GoacJi. of the Broadway "p's -The latest»e»-s Is thattbeUa»||^Unrinsufficient.-on electioniU"° your correspondent p^titleudDtocumentto Judge Bcsszll, would then pretended sub-agentwhich came up to thethe Cumberland, yard;notmonthanmakeupthedUftrenco. Yourcorrespondent's journey Uthertosail in for re- pairs, and the >e.r(* Carolina is the permanent re-an exaggerated tdca of our naval streneth, siurroondedfo formidable a squadron. We hope the lessonPolice ComiissioHEBS.—At the meeting of thethe had never received that the resolutions recently passed by the Board of diately surroundedini-hould be pubUcly read In the various Station-houses. Permission was accorded Detective Eldxb to receiveforhons^ and Post-oOoei praqiestlretyIn the present crista—If the posUioe the Electoral College to select him, may of oar Southern brethren may justify the belief thatWestscoutatheideaofsecession,andtheDoo^tSoolbem officers of tbe Govemment to take Jamis Enbioht— naval force of the Govemment. Ft is for him porarily.beBepublicin theofficer, whom they had beaten in the street, to — — dent, to confer and act upon the demands of prevail upon them to wait for some overt act of op-don,hisoffence,connectioo,will have with the great weightbetween now andof Us accoatomed loealltiea as much aaoverflow thisalready begun, Mr. Loiooui is to be seen in tte tI-ever, li volntde and toll ofmany public speeches and \iM coarse as a maabor at tke Nationil Legislature are not sufficient indieatlaaais no time to Us ut- amplifyThe consequence of this course is that he ia not bothered long by impertinent inqulriea, which may be prompted by Us apparent freedom. A gentle Unt, or,But a* toUs policy Us lips are sealed. Be thinks thatif bisYour own statement is, tbat If the Black Repub-Lracour: The Yoimg Men's RepuUioaaUne ofNew-York State was hi""'"'"*', „. ",TMj«RepubUcan victories. ^ ^JjP,^sL(onmMie ij?ir?oTd"a. ria^T^walledoar yolinl aiiliai . mytij i Btiil fw»««• "*" -omwoc- www.fultonhistory.com 