 .—evidence, although circumstantial, was very strong against him.MOBE TICKXT gwixDLnra.their over ambitiousemrsiiivjjchbnce.iSafriadtalof 4a iiabUadi-faeJ. add to tkalraiiMgik.Baek of tkese wUl hotd^811 «lttiaQty-awor^iBalMaBiC«^ ^L,^^^rricewithInteriorbolts. F«Ulngtolooomj"^MosiAHCut9LL0,tke year, a word of menace would force tbe Mexicani ia|,terms tothecontractpu' year 1852,wkickpronUseslor effort is made toOaaadas.,change piers,raefuatM irtej.areabouttodoitwiththebeatpupilsol schools, 11,485•alke importanceivalue or to change the to a home valaationIt is not until late—CHABOID- WITH BtTBOLART.(loa eoneamingIierpetratorszniVUBBbuilding bridge, . . _ a»B wAXB8-an bai.bitter—"of Itisnow but tlte mla-tkey prevent its stue and steady axtlagnlshment. rCBUC fiCHOOLS.North Rltar B«rstakingpoMcsaionC lllltbe*, crois tke floe as best tkeyt.«lnet.;*gllM»a»ag|n>a'^/ e».«fd yee-awho have made ose of such coward- ever thewhole State,five months and nine Tne days.were conceded, the ot»« would be oompelled to roffar is ihat Ijerlie debt is now less tnan it t>as beenaneasy passagecanoe Is launched with a rash into the aatk current,...JUKK-' A<A.Z;as was detlred, the sateian «(Teein«iitabore was effected. The line,^I—Mailcii, b7 which passenger*Srwud aa wnal. It is probaUe t:kat the t^'the basiness of the 8toni»gtno ikatag transferred to Pier No. 18, foot oC Gert-ite Norwich river is firoiea o»er, the steamers now Third -avenue, where he resided. An inquest wasbo<«[^ to to be kept op, as the CoMpany MBbeen In theboasted too oiaeh, buUIed too much, sodtb* f^mauetiau and tranwtn-.mon with the tablea and deenments aeeoca- lioaia. Schools, reaekea the Meanwhile this may have^tt pMsengera and fralgM at New-L«irteB, the oon-is about five and mills, and for ajialfof bead The who take a I2)imails, per northerndote I*-'Palmer and left Allyii's S&t. for the last time, on Monday etvning, the 2d ^rf.»<. ilnce which time she has made-no trip. The^KUon being^made by the Kew-London, ^llli Bailioad. Tl» CamtiumtimaUkarea, the c^^aer and agent of the premises were ceil- already made the necessary preparaUona. In proof ttie CoUar. including the City ofPUladelphla,the course, -with circumstances. Half a doUarpsrilya,dered unsafe in consequence of the floating iceinto a notorious bogus ticket office,theword negro" to be read, and from them exoneratedMr. O'Cosoa from meaning any insult to himself orI threatened to cut her tlireugh. The friends Ofviolent, one way or the other. Some say he will hang Maxqcss, who is now in prison here, and smash the"snd Havsra Das. >r. 30th, with passengers to Llvinxaloa, Cl»-and freight will,the vast en- qpfBlng.and -M Pier No. % North Asof the theme—its connection withwith suchpeople,equalnearly equal'"WlMHMT, JMi 4, I8K<. niUBUffHuNffrirfpmti:.eigktcrew.~—IHMiil iifTT.r sitM^ an Europe and Ihe world. Now we have s«entirelycsnais and railroads, and tke gratifying remit IkoeId in ;onr paper thM monung that a' thespread on tke ttftm of Ihe craaky boat,ao as to lowerA Ur. Wm. a Da of Indiaiia Kttt,I notilA at N '. B31 Broadway—Valo-tqnare Post-oSce— nil the le'tets were destivyad. Will yon bei so kiwi a« to cnntisdictthatetttcBeBt,aB every ane <>f tka letteiB weie ta>«d, the* b«iac ihe Arst things mivoo,i«iBiaw«Be..^i<.^ ...congratDlatlonfrrAmr'-f IIIIIBMI lajf^ 9W MM nraJKOM.oars.This is all done on the solidan Italian, was faani day night, by Officer Eijss.of the Sixth P111raiUngs firont of theled OB the iron in lageiknrin No.TfDnane-street. Themanwasnot attketimehewasdiscovered,bathee< afterwards. The body was removed to theover aclrretbeand Isdecreasinggtation-house. From the evidence whieh WWMat the inquest, held at tills .place by CoroMr mmt at home might haveikqtls the mate, staniling np ^>^^^tm tf»It that deceased boaraed at Me ma. appearedJ No. 74 Dnane-street, and Iiad for some daf* neat been labwing under an attack of deUittua ka- S»'°«ii«fVeaed«latkkti«UitnB ka^iwac^i;done for to long, that these people have taken^isaagr.«cap--waa »»—mall the schools of tke State publicntfP'ii then tke cry, or "A t<m."'and the crew leap upea the moving Ice, haul tbe canoe up aftercaB,and launch their tke larae or similarOlty,aatav- iiiii -TTuflMisured for leaving them in so unsafe a condition. A TlCnil 10 TOBACCO.na- entire cost of tuition, &c., was $3,Ot7,mi 93 building eij^eues, $531,413 85;is usually paid by passengers of the first class.sayflieie is no longer a Quarantine eetabusbment or Ha- each case In the sumof $1,000 to answer. A. Heath, order. A report of his having been defeated atitee Jlospital-, and that all further restrictions in the of No. 1C2 Cedar-street, became hisbondaman. aatnre of gnarantine are aboUshed for the season. CorNTEBFIIT BILLS.One vrm. Gedney Waa arrested' yesterday on thehas been occasioned among the visitors to the skating complaint of Wm. Wines, for having passed a bad RocuA,the departure of this unpleasant reminder of pesUl- false representalione against Stephen Gordon, the clergy.goon account of the stoppage by the Central Park five-dollar bill, purporting to be the issue of the of artillery. This report Is too fresh as yet tb be givenQciBXC, Thursday, Dec. 29, 18*9. the Gospel, be would deny that God was ths Father Steamer Boston, Sellew, Philadelplda, with Bidae toyoad,aathorities of tbe vehicles which have until recently^eea allowed to ply between the railroad termini andAe pond. In spite of the storm yesterday the skaters KiiLT for examination Mary Welsh, good-look- and curlers were out in large numbers, and laborersmie tmsUy -engaged in removing the snow from theloe.much credit—still it may be true, and at the same time stands'an equal chance of being false.MAaqciz arrived here some ten days ago,^nd waaF. Perkins.Steamer Osprey, Kenney, Providence, with arita, taIsaac Odell.Ship Charles Cooper, Cofiin, Leghorn Nov. Aaaaedtie Hock Nov. 18, with mdM. to i.aytin ft Bailkot. Nov. 29, lat. 36 23, ion. 21 u, saw an otiieci in tke water<nctedsomuchattention,anddelightedsuchcrowdsat ike Cooper Institute some months since, will re-peat bis course in this City and Brooklyn, commenc-lax at tbe Cooper Institute next Monday evening,aad at the Plymouth Church Tuesday evening. It will be seen that the price of tbe Course is exceed-mitted a similar offence. Justice CoiiHOixi held her for examination.JTTBHILB TBIXTZS.Wm. Kane and Charles Myers, two young thieves,were arrested, yesterday, on a charge ofstolen a valuable case of jiearl buttons from the front of the store of Messrs. W'iJiiston * Knight, No. 38 Warren- street.' The property having t>een found in their possession, the prisoners were both comndtted by Justice Consour for trial.THE CITY GOVBRNMENT.THE MAYOR'S OFFICE.The Mayor's Office is to be open for the transac-MinisterofWarbadtreatedhimsofamiliarly. The young Captain assured him it was a fact, and further-himrelf to a canoe.The American public are familiar with tke 8Llow.Thx Skow Btosic.friends, although some have succeeded in seeinghim. A has been set afloat that MAxquXE haslagly—In consequence of the snowof He wanted to know how Mr. O'Co.voa Pec. 15, in baUaat, to Uenr; Trowbridge's Mas.erMs«-alonn, which so darkened the atmosphere as to rea- dernavigationbothdifficult anddangerous,someof ibe Bouthern steamers outnard bound delayed their The Sound steamers left at the usual koor, but it was expected that they would make the list hartwr, if it continued thick after reacliing theDblas^ is Pbihtiso Calknoab roB thx Sd-—MBiuCecBT. TbeboslnessoftheBupreiheCourtisgonecra^.Nobodyreport,'Gioaoi WAfHisoicn had said Slavervwasdeparture.tobaceti, te.. to Maria Bros., N'avar^ ft Co. Has Mcapleted.Fob EtTKOPl.—The Cunard steamer jlita leftJersey City yesterday at noon for UvcrpooL She has aaly twenty passengers, among whom was Hr. n, bearer of dispatches to Berlin, and Lord Uov- The AMia anchored in the bay until evening, toBalswin and McAitbcs, who were posted at the May- or's oflice under the old regime, have been directed toof the downward floatiag ice.Small icebergs area cessation of the storm.Cbxap Fxbblaox to WlLLIAMaBUBOa.—on when Wednesday evening next,the water haswas keld last A Committee evening.tthe present yearjammingriver,risenof tkising bodySince •Hirst instant, the Peck-slip Ferry to WUliams- tlBTgh baa adapted the opposition price of half-aH:entan will be made to effect anattempt organization.As yet, there has not been any agreement arrived at which promises to secure a msjprlty for any of thecandidates for the Presidency, and it is not probablethat an election will be made Mr. Nsl- Dfnmediately.of three, consisting of Messrs. Caoox, Dxl Vxeono and Wail, was appointed to represent tke Board in tbe State Convention callad for tke Illk, ami to take Into coBsideratlOB tke subject of bb aqualixatlOB ofiijsleis^ Tke ship Mariana, Nottehoha, Ibr Antvarp, Istee for foot inssengers oter their ferry.cbored at QBara&tlae. SAILSD-SteaBuklBa Asia, for LtTerpeoIJasMi A<-—ThiYobktowk. Thianewsteamer,'whichhastried to settle these excesses in a fairfer, for Ckarleaten :; Yorktown. tor Moriolk.kaea thorougliiy overhauled since her ristura fromBaraas, resumed her place yesterday upon the old oate to Norfolk, Petersborgh and Richmond.but Mr.farmers from this flood—in grain destroyed, cattledrowned, &c.—will be very considerable." And lethold out by argument. The case is now pending be- Sir WiLLiAH LoeAa speak as to wliat foilows crease of salary, from $2,500 to M,S0O, waa referred—kfb«!a(biinied,as mentionedintheTuu3of yes-to the Law Committee.Mr. Hathxw will succeed in mailing them acknowl- grandest movements of tke ice occur. From Niw Catholic Bchool. The contracts for a Sandy Hook. A clipper ship and two brigs S. af I"Jabanr itaying at his house, who was fatally injured place, may make an equal display of strength on thetween them and the British Legation. It is certainspokenCoxnCTiOH.so thatWAsaxir,suck a flood. "It is at this period tkat theTeeterday morningbroke out4,Ugltl,atliely destroyed;insured for $3,000 in the Peterand transacted sometlie- of importonwardwith atralyterrificProceedingit over majesty, pilea upB08T0.V. Jan. 4.—Arr. iteamer Wm. Jenkins,Bal- Bipcblicak Gkmxbal Commitiii.—Tills Com- lett, from Baltimore Itiisto, Eendrick, Chailiaaai_l.ast ' '"*'* »' -^Meesase of the GoTernor orPeuBsrlranla.— AcciDiMT. Agirl, namedCathxbixiMcKis-Dec. KM. Nlw-YosE, 31,^ed last night, byvsnia, v.-as sent to the Legislature yesterday. We from four to six miles :m hour. When the wind is 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, CO, 61, 62, 03, S.S: E. from iandy Hook, sf Hr. May Flower ^^^tf^^It was notand the others who to the aspire—new school' bODse, to be erected for tbe Sisters ofZng., Dnral. of steamtDg Huntress, Jan.4,31_Fires.IH riBST-STRXST.^ByHI&BLAKDS, Jan. 4, sunset.—Cannot see say dto>fiiatbe iiemtA succeeded ta extlnguisliing them. Xh» stock of boots and shoes, valued at $4,000, wasLis election.COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.hands of robbers. From this condition it has littlebottom, hyiJraulic powerpacked deep enoughoiffeient members of the congregation. On Neit- Yeat's Day, Rev. Dr. Birunax received a purse of $1,800 from his late congregation on Brooklyn Heights.CnaptT lasnianee Co. Mr. TnaxAi occupied the firstflaar as a dwelling, and his furniture was damagedtitka extent of about $S00, on which there is nj in- iMliii n Tboxai RcToiBfoao owns the building,terday,business,Below— tnn Baeasd Dutch brig Kllsakeih Catkerine,fHkieh is damaged to the extent of $fiO0« stobk of ff— C<UAn~sVi»-Pr«id<at*—Thomas W. Field, A. H. Gale, 8. 11. Parsons.tbroagh by and annk, asinsured.aa<isiBenredlatbeReliefInsuranceCo. Asyetthe aaaee of tke tni kai sot beea ascertained.FALBB AXAJUI.The bmmjag of an aak barrel ia Wall-street, aboutSa^eiocklastevening,causedanalarmfurtheEighth SHtlict.IN EASTevening »bont UH o'clock a fire was dlscov-nsaal, bata*; »£«-ORLEANS, Jan. 4.—Arr. aklp ToadTisae.dry goodsKa. Wt was damaged by water to the extent of $200,fifty feet,It has been known to pile up against—Secrettriee John N. Steams, W. L. liubbell.boat is trom BammoFcor Ulrhimrndtar asvttat^Jajcis Hooo," but aMr.flrsl nightTHE BOARD OF COUNCHMEN.In, the Board of ConncUmen affairs stand abont at they did when the Board met and adjourned on New Tear's day. There has not yet lieea any caucus which bas ehanged the relative strengthofthethreecandidates. TheBoardwill; in the• • *the ti'le of a house distant more than 200 feet from tbeyesterday. Norfolk Harbor la open,buiiilliigten on the ds)a,expecteddays In ooosec uenoe of tiie ice above.THIItmirni-BTKBrr.*e corner of East Thbrteenth- she arrived lastforeign filends yesterday morning. between that comesintofullplaycaused by the burning of a reshi shed at the root of Uarrlson-street. Lossnotascertained.-t andtanHM, Macksmiuu. Th. stable was nearlyeveningCOBDITlOiror TBK TRBASUBT—broken KBDCOTIOH0»THE forminAvenue A, occupied by Pitia McCaib and *^£w to'd^""M, ^'P'- »»l"od at $300, were'-jams" quietnsT, lesiding at No.Hicks-street, was badly burn-'"1«5^. IncendUries who dperate in thatextract the more important references THE STATX DIBT.asthe Is grand, Immense packs-xor-Nei> -York, coal Baltimore loaded.^Foreiga Farta.rkofaganr of in;.i?Jf'J'f"PPo»ed.was thespectaclesometimes broken upmiih sudden crashes, and the pieces, grinding* each other almost to powder, arc carried away to Increase the size of other floating l-:e- islsnds.•5^.. ,^^* donations have l„.e„ received forreals ¥ arrobsno for Afew margin speculation.Since the close of the fiscal year, the C^mmisslon-eri pi the Shiklng Fund have redeemed, uf the fiveper cent, loans, the sura of $160,000, leaving the reald»-bt of the Ccmmoiiwealth, at this IJme, funded andunfunded, $38,478,981 07. If we deduct from this sumthe amount of the bonds received by the State, from thc(e, should tie superior tosteam, or at any rate shall months. This will enable him to remain in Califor-At St. ThoEiaa, Dec. IS. ship Keptans's favortl Chiucta Lianas, leaking tsdiy. would havetaship WOBlft•a«ltef of the sufferers from ihe r„„ i„•«»M«. The money has been ph.co.i in han.l, by which mpoits ; 1,000 lihds. clayed molasses 4 reals f) keg ofIt ktands 'o reason that frost and Its effects, such ascharged and cargonivlsion-wm be judiciously anoopriateO. gailuus.BOOKBOB TBB- thiniceformshere,thesteamferryboatsarelaidup, todissolvebisconnecuonwiththeparish,hec&s^do BOiAHBcoDLdIfNio«i.ro-fUNarfUirRstN-claSssHEhDooMInCUntoa-st."•OMTofc"B.K. t>Oasbrrtend.J.LAriiewty.».Btnhawi«OB... I 00 l34WiUiam-strect,)follows :Bsods of FcnofljlvanlA Railroad CompanyBoiidi of Sunburj and ^ric Railroad Compaijy a 000 'lOOW, Mmer A Meiid1 uo .too]Oi; ;iie 3i;hwhen «,ff lue .Moro. the Cakatcbait will be observed, that from tbe 1st day of De-'tlocal circumstances. They are nothing more nor TTFoeaAVaiOAL Socixrv.-We understandI'rlcnnoildlng.Meabera areparticalarlyremeMM.$1 OOlFrom No-.prospects-.I TanOi D,$7,3^,000and a population of several hundreds find employ-so, and the Society has the same power.meeting, and is In the iii?hesl degree crcdjla-fcr^ Terma moderate. Addrsa u. A. M., Box No ia«rnnMOffiee,orapp!yatthsbuap-^ "f!S •TM,.!*'40 Wilmerding & coOn London, M days onNew-York,todayssight,384;onmarriedaingle peraona.3 SO Cash.'III.,MERICAN IN8STTIITUTTUET.E-—ASArSVAAT-rlaBg • ^-..-.^.v..I 00 Berlin A jtS3)4East C'l'hiug and 20 00baths, na-be Brooklyn. Furnace, ftc; arranged'''X'' BroailHrty.iivoDun-This ar- rangement receiveti the unanimous assent of tiie largeJones, (No. fDrMn.Natbensen.IO OOsight,;.is oo 1 uufor SanHon.EdwabdEtibetta.ndibeFbasklib AMmBonEthIlyCmAeeStiingofthisInastitutewillbeheldttala.North River Bank, of tiiis City. Two other coun- terfeits on the same bank were found in the posses-Lawrence is not a mile Montreal.atYet it now takession of theprisoner,andbyJusticepublic—are not in>| tagainstpeoplebuk on tke othertoside, repeatDepartarc of Oeeaa Halla.ZiHSiiiavt is stlU noninc, aad l<lt Mew-Xoodon RoixiT RoBMTS, an aged Welshman, was fatally The wax warmer and wnmer, and pense 77.there is more lee than when usual,'been detained to receive burned on Thiusday evening, in consequence of his Aaigbt wUdi tfla now nsccssaiy 'to send around clothes catching fire by a spark which fell from hie$2,579,075E....New-T<ri(... Jan. T....Kew-T«rk..., Jaa. T...Jiew-T«rk.;.CJMliiiifaT mnmlniT. havingthe of Norwich. The Ciiviumuxallk was pipe. He-dledon Tu^day evening. Coroner Gau- desperate rewlution of declaring war against thetfthewayf^ * FonLss, Utlnl8U,ateneBpatnt, byl.«wnscsTen dollars is not aa onusnaland four hundred waa one* refosed, to carry theThe last time Iaatsa OltyafBaIt)mors..Jan. U....)lew.Tark..Ira*Works. Shecost teen a very tartniate boat, nevertlie actualdeclaretlnoKaogaroo ArabiaKnropa. John BenIdinbarrkthe engine b'ynhe Morgan&|tv,lMKXm)e,tMdwhitahs any serious aneldent. Capt. Wil- AKKIST 0^ AIXIGBD rOBOZBS Or BABE CHXCKB.declaration, pnbilshod yesterdaymalls from one shore to tke otker..Wew-Terk >t....He*-Tsrkcommander, will continae %) have charge of her on the new route.paperrajonraaltliis revisioncanoe I was in encountered no we ice, although^HMaTthe pscsent popularof the themselves, and foreshadowsIs a greatly to be desired thatDb, Fov'8 LiCTtrBM oil BteALTH.—A free lec- •• on " HeaUh," Introductory to a course of Iftesnterday arrestedyearstheGovernment. is This declarationfor the Industrial Interests of the coon- try ittll piompt the Congress of the Uidted States to her revenue laws upon such a basis aa to affordphosphorescentarening, byCooper lastMnte, to a good aedienoe. After alludingWater streets. It ia that Mr. name alleged Kelly'swas forged'some months ago by Brennan, to a checkon the Market Bank, for tm. On this the moneySaxon race declares tbe of on for ad valorem, dnties on a certain class of artlelea,tide slacked ebbed,finallyafter six hours' experienceMsv-Tork JebnBetl Europa.Dec ZT....8eatkaBipt I>ee. »....GlaaKO»... Dee. 31 Uverpoel. Dec. SI Liverneol.. Jan. lO....Ba»reEui hold aa inqnest.United States. maketheformalso trifling.charge,—he was committedagainstGod.He deniedthat Godbusiness from 9 A. M. to 3 P. M. here-Attorney-Biacx,tion ofafter. Yesterdayotiiers thither was uninterrupted daring ofiSce hours. OlBcer WiLsoR B. DmcHn, of the Twentieth Pre- cinct, who was the doorman of the present Mayor—violation of treaties and international law. The ciersoon forms all either as solid and firm as along shore,O'CoBoabadtriedso hard tooissoiva the unionbe-speaker Union, pro-the Influx of office-seeken andif calleda wharf, and In places where its shape is such as to retain much of tbe floating ice, coming from up tbe stream, the two ^(rurss and one ortween Mr. and Mrs. Foxaisr convinced theto Capt. Lioraju), of the Twenty-sixth Pre- cinct, for patrol duty.THE BOARD OF EDUCATION.The Board of Education hold; its first meeting fore, * A'l--d•o'sreport'co)rrn't~o Jed I rye. Experienced heavy weather the ea-a€into Italy and out again, startledfree from the or managsaMnt ol owneiebiphat- tare, and now the excitement begins. When an open- ing is descried in the moving covering of the streamafter induced to call on the Blinister of SeBor Coxcsa. On going out of the War office he two-dollar issues of the Bank of Halloweil, Maine. was met by a Captain, who told him he was a pris-ing young woman, was apprehended on a charge of having passed a bill which was a counterfeit of theshortlyWar,are nececsaryBev. Dr. SciniriB, whose lectures on India at- The w Oman has been arrested before for having com- oner. Maxquxi thought It was impossible, as the through the Victoria BridgeTheBible opposition to Slavery, and asserted that Mr.O'CoHoa had been hired to make the Academy of a quantity of hogshead leading, Tbe C. had Bs«daz>Hoa J. WATXXBcar, it is understood, is a candidate, came so thick and fast thatfound itCcivxa, of tbe City Court, aaklng tbe Board to joinDuring ^ly since Uo'clock H.and his filends irill have a caucus soon theyimpossible;AscMW J. Gaxaii has a nomber of admirers who in- sist upon electing him, although he Is not a candidate,to repay the money, and they are therefore to tryingwith him In a to tbe Legislatiua for an in- petitiontnday morning.at 3 o'clock a lire anIkefirstfloorofthefour-storybricktenement- aaaae No. 349 First-avenue, in the boot and shoe store r Tbobas TmaAT. The store wascompletelybttrntAnofb, and tbe flames extended to the first floor ba- upon one candidate, whlcti, if successful, will secure It is now, throughout its greater part, entirely in theMercy on DeBerolse-street, near Ds Kalb-avenue,have recently been made, and the work will be com-menced as soon as tlie weather permits. The new Usee ouUide tke beach. Wind S. W. BaewlaBmeet this afternoon, for the of effecting anpurpose Inwater, lifting uping of the rivertbe many points of rest apd resistance offvred by the Tabernacle Society presented their pastor. Rev. Mr.havingand has beenkept isolated from most of hisQ. ASAas, Jat, Fsaxzuii, Hiahixtok, and others ofmore recent date, to show what an array of abilityopposed the opinions of Mr. O'Conox on the subjectand it is that during the mom- succeed obtaining it. probableso as to free and start it trom Committee of the ineinbers of tbe liigh composed leadingorgani-/.aiion,i»g an effort will be made to unite the Democracy The coimtry is gradually sinking lower and lower.Imr fast.to' Bastutt, a purse containing $500, contributed by Bobert Kaikar, Hrlassra and koio Madisoo, froa Pan-The Commissioners met beforethe usual hour, yes-Here in this Capital we are at Ihe mercy ol a few ruffians who doof this stream. giganticwhich was not stated. The weekly statement showsthat there were 252 arrivals since the last report, andthat $3,589 82 Were received for commutation ofsengers, Ac. The fund was overdrawn Dec. 11, 1859,$ll,t53 IG, nrincipaUy to pay balance due the Cityfor rent of Castle Garden, to May 1, 1S60.;and when forced intomittee, for iSfiO, met on Tuesday evening, and electedthe following officers for the ensuing year President—SxTH B. C^LX, of the Seventh Ward.JFraia Haraaa.ABBITAL or TBI CABAWai—TBI ROLtDATS IHyesterday, butmargin of the rlrer, and there breakat TSo. 29 WoodhuU-street, on Monday evening last, by whichttcKa Rio.37th ult., reached Havana at 6 A. M. on the and 30th,left there at noon of the same day for this port, wherecityLlghth»u«eInspectorrhlrdDlstrlot.at 7 o'clock. Tbe Cakawba experiencedsincetbe1stInst,heavynortheastgales. The holidays were celebrated hs Havana with thecontinue so nntil after tbe 1st inst.The city was perfectly healthy.ScoAB Maubt.—Tbe stock of sngara on bond 20,000boxes,againstthesamein1858. No.12heldat9a9!iabove, and the greatand inbusiness was almost entirely inspended, and woidd"? mors for I'ortlsDd, Same 'I"-" tP°>/ ffft (.ia!?usual gayety and ceremonies,eoosequenceBy ateamtng Hantresa, Capt J>°'^;King,Boston,letter of resigna-lorwarded. The ifce ytatee to repair.contracts for Muscovado sugars at 714^6 reals at out-deliverable at Matanzas. Freights cuutinue dull and no betterahead. Exchange— Lps«sight, li®15iiNorthern cities, 60 dajs OrU^aiiF, 8days sight, :i3S ?* crnt.sale of her Public and nowtbe Works, held by her, asrentier lis use Inrleed, Irom the time nia a and If at ilme be should feel desirous impracticable. year, anyactivity.i-n.rot-pas-givingFroaa Onr Own Oemepoadeat.•BaaghsteiB, paddlethemselves on tke seats, with littleCmpolitical events develop themselves pectiliarlyer Mxaoe, Moadav, Deo. 19, IIM. in these days. The sudden ' and tIger-Ukethat, noder sneb eBeumstanees, a re- sult so favorable bas been prodneed by tbe erdhaarypaddles Instead of lee, near tbe shorefaithand confidence that they will be able to succeed 'Tbe [chools have been in operation, oa an averageappear,theygoodis C34,e51and of teacketa, 14,071.•u SkA mail for the tarEm^rt Citf, Havana, wlU be aairthe Norwich propetters'Bifcr, the presentdrfpM of the Stonington'hne. ult., by falling down the back area of house No. Ml uie oC have called France to aid them, feirale teadbers $17 79, and the cost of inetractlOB manoeuvres until they get to Ike otber side,terdayIBconsequenceofSjonesreceivedonrtke27th meansofintimidationasUr.Bccbajiaiihasmade averagefalsjyofmaleteachersis $2490,andof lyland their .—held by Corou«r Gamslx, and as it was in evidencebefoie the jury that there was bo railing; around thetuition, Acbuilding purposes about three and one -sixUi mllla, onThe Califnmiada; (Thuradaylat 1 P. M.They uponand tl:a French 'Minister baa compromised Ills Gov- ernment to do so, and furthennore, says France baaper pupil 53 cents, per month. Tbe average tax fateargo, and receive their hard-eaniad faro.Tbe fare and the time of getting aeroa* vary,upon Thursday, Jan I, eloaiag at 1!< P. M.LigU,T--iMiBla ar lIiiiaaTnisaaaaH. leSBSBcn.Aragotills he has caused orders to be made for large val stores Co bt itiivertd at Vera Cruz,tke and tbe lAole ex- of the system in the State for tke year,of;A PRATXB FOB SFIOinC DtTTm.It Is spparent from the exklliit of tke flnaneSal con- dition of the General Government, madepublic, that the wanis of tbe Federal will Treasujyclergy dailyhave worked themselvesPrlaeeAlbert .Jan.Pellee Separta.tJfficer HowRhton, of the Second Precinct, yes-18li.siding at No. tl8 West Twenty-fiftb-street, and Jamesfor review. It enters into aOr.M.E.Fot,L.R.8.C.8.,atthe merchant,doing'QDstnessatthecomerofPineand languageagainsttheAmericanpeopleandtheAnglo- largestincidentalproteclien. TosubstltnteapedficJan. 18.JohnBrennan,of re- age,could see Itstialf an hour sufficed for tbesheen on each passage.aide,E. 811vey,'17yeara of age, of No. »1 TentlJ-street, ontoolongvery'long argu-Dee. M....eiaagev.. ...Livctp*aihavingbeenin the StciBlai newa-conducted by tbe chief enue derivable from imports. WhenJan.Jaa. 3S....Baatia....... Jaa. 18....jisw-r«rt... Jan. 18... JTew-Toek...clergy action of theirinvariablyshall take place. Itand A friend who esme dovm in the same train and selected anotherAlenqulque ^..»..i,...4 ....J honnightmore, that if forced to yield.he did not submit quietly he would be Masqcsz was taken to a closet in theofitiniuWintergrander aspects now than when the crowds of visit- ors glide through the Thousand Islands and run tbe rapiils in the heated term.very severe weather, the thermometer in aft n*!,.*palace,Othershe willwithTbechanged signalsofThey only wait tlie turn of affairs tonpto tbepointtakingproper legardtakegiven«ponthesamesul^ect,wasdeliveredlast achargeofforgerypreferredbyJohnJ.Kelly,a meat,anddealsinalargeamountofthenioatUtter ptolaocoergreatminingandmanufacturingintereststhe canoewascarriedupsixmilesintkeice. Therethe CityafBaltimoie..Dee.a3i1.?^;impossibility getting and taally concludes that the Uni-half a mile lielow the•sals, society and religion, and the gross poaular was obtained from the Bank by SHvey, and while the ted States, the Gauls, iiave plunged the sword of wiih a moderate Increasfeoroei^gnthe rates now Imposed, that ice bridges lorm here, and very often tbey do •Inraprevaffing ap(»aalBieresttngltiitoryof the science of Hygiene,I«f and at tke not "make" at alLSlum of the IndncUve mode of reasoning generally mtMbOted to Lord Bsooir, was the one now exMlng,She lug wealth and endurance, far greaterraaaeacan Sana*.In tteonukip Asw, for btrrvoolr-lliu H.the sabject— thi Doctorfunds lasted the yqnng-men enjoyed tnemseives with- out limitation. Their next etfort to obtain money in a similar manner proved a failure. Havlag presented a check on Ihe same bank for $95, bearing Hr. Kelly's signature, its worlhlessness was detected, and 811-Brennns in tiie scale, and therefore all thought of aceommodatlng matters, except on the battle-field,would, I am satisfied. Infuse new life and vigor intoFultonOcean Qaeen Jiui. 11 {iavre> the ttaiie of Hoses to tke present day. There haditkTC* eras, he said, in the hlstorv of tbe idencee first represented by Moses, the Prophet; the tey's arrest was effected. His confederate, Brennan, Of all tbe precipita te political moves of the day,Von a with water on each hand. Northern Li(kt..»JaB. I....New-T«rfcAbout a year ago-the store and dwelling of Deputy- ai dwing which' all' important discoveries in tbe Sheriff Pratt, of Owego, were broken into by burglars,natiuaily the richest country under the sun.•taiwiUbe read. Dr. LiTinosroax isnowonsaged •upported this nominee, but afterwards deserted himoi the Zambesi, the largest river of for another. By this action he gave offence to Mr.Malloy, who happened to meet Um on Tuesday night in Twelfth-street, and, as is alleged, proceeded to pay off the old score by kicking and beating him.discredit for the bitlouB ends.of sovereignties, except so far as they have granted cer- structure.toMr. T. C.fKiirss, a Canadian engineer accomplishment their ownarn- la n enumerated powers to the Federal (Jovem- of more than local celebrity. This gentleman's friends|KEW-TOBI...-.WKDJIKSDAT,I?leara<UMtkalaalk Africa, in a steamer furnished him for that pnr- mm }n tbe Bilttah Government. His letter Is datedMARINEMBTbe excitement arlilBg from the discussion of theprobable tam of Mexican foreign relations has absorbed almost everything else. I regret to say that which rfgulate the conduct of cltlliied nations.oplontioafor in the Federal CorsUtnilon, Ihe several States, in their relations to each other, ought to be govemed by the principlesate now asserting his claims to the honor of having bis name prominently associated with th« magnifi- cent work.BBOOKLTir Il«TEI.I.IOEirCE.TheColoredPeopleEindChaa.O'Conor. EelnekenTette, on the Zambesi, and gives the details ofMa later operations. — Finally, be bit off Irwin's lip. Not pleased with thisJaa. 4*lacravs <m Asisokoht bt Db. Cahill. ^Dr. ff arr* ' delivered one of his series of lectures on As* liaaiiiiijtn the .Academy bt Husie last idght. His adteBce was a large one, a prominent contingenttermination to the affray Irwin entered a complaintthe division of shows a in favor parties large majorityof France. This is not because they prefer a FrenchThese principles forbid, in all nations, "every evil practice tenolng to excite disturbanoe in anothermadeof clergymen of his own faith.His—MB. BEBOHO'COKOB'S CKION STCICB DZ-, , .K4 ^^^*^*ifnphate DO faith that the United States will doPoint, French, BalUaoia.•kcingBbjoetU^er principles of astronomical science. It was aanything Tbe treaty nego- tiations now pending between our Govemment and that of JvAaiz are regarded as only likely to be pro- lific of further discord, and no way calculated to aerve the ends of peace or good govemment in Mexico.Ized Govercments, applies with peculiara not one involving an elucidation of the mfor the pacification of the coimlry.force to tbe several States of .this Union, bound together, as they are, by a sacred compact for mutual support andand, therefore, any attempt in one State,KOWCZD.meeting compriaingShipApaaiingD,Oaasln,CbarleataB.Cbamberilk*K^ lips A Co;Bark Lamplighter, Thompson, Demarara, J. F, 1 ft Co.^landed.TbeFloawko Hosfital "RtuoyzD.to as the an.«wer,replylate Union meeting, in which he sustained the DivineSchrs, Gilbert Bent, Howard, Pansboro'. O. B. --of the of the tides, phenomenaprotectionfifty colored per-eatloqnial ext>osition•f'tte atmospheric currents, and of tbe development;to excite insurrection in another, is an ofltence against all the States, because all are bound by the Constitu-N.fleh) £ Co.J kartha Jane, (Br.,) CorbeU, Btijeba, P. t— " life" a form of af vegetable motion vegetable beingBrigsSprsgue, Smith. Point Petre,towhichheobjected. Hisaddresswasaiagularl; free from scientific terminology, clear In propriated and taken from the store. When the atasement, always Intelligible, and not unfrequenUy money was missed, Katz was suspected, and- ills ar^ kamorous in illustration. He was repeatedly ap- rest was speedily effected. Justice Stubs held himtionto put;Jtt^'°sdwayNeviuB A SonJ. Somes.zpression34,wnichKatzisallegedtohavesurreptitiously ap-;Helen. Sawjer, Galveston, N. H. Bnchton; Cremor, Sagua le GramLThe Float. kg- Hospital, which has remained, since October, aehoied opposite Staten Island, was, on Friday,(uspiclonbi^yingwas also taken into custody. Both the lads confessed this decision of the is the most inas-huge embankment,Stales at and the lovasloo of forms the portals of the Victoria Bridge, an-i, with a Empire City1 by 'Liocaois, the-Xegislator, and the third by their and were committed Jostice Coa-clergy curions, much as all the world looks upon Mexico as a deple- ted and perfectly lost country. Bat Mexico is stillwhichJan. tHrmOKAns, the Philoeopher. The era Introduced ta BiproomAYXS, whom he declared to t>e tbe real dis-gnllt, they SOIJ.T for examination.tjyNew-Torjt.....Ba.ftS4».by possessednjtnntlnn It evinced- great learning and research, their eicape. Mr. Pratt afterwards received informa- sand French soldiers, and French^ofEcers for ber own oflenrers with promptness and justiceMr. DSecond Kegiiaeiit§• K-..^'f"i. ChariestoaJ Wm. KcKensie.A. tand was presented in a most, pleasing &ncl popular tion which led him to believe that the theft had been;nuaner. The first regular lecture of the eourse will ke given on Wednesday next, at the Cooper Institute.commlttrd by Themss Ericldey and Charles Nelll-patient\available to aid In putting down the outbreakB. '" Gnton, Bobert Benfolenibtaataialist, who has recently returned from Africa in both of them. tracted search, succeeded arrestingof continents, will read a paper this even-Say, at Clinlon Rail, before the American Geogrsph- of Mr. I'ratt, who will take them back to Owego forSociety. Mr. DdChailld's paper trial.dtep and atiidlhg devotion to our great and glorious A brisk controversy Is being waged at this time, inijiiijilonslaalandmai flirow much light upon the topography of a re-here, and although the French Minister at Washing-believe thatnot in any manner participatedceeding, and to know that when some of the' guiltyEnglish engineer, has enabled Mr. A. M. Ross to put forwaid a claim, which, had Mr. S. lived, would have been summarily contrsidicted. Mr. SnpHxasoH's re-Cronip. Mrs, S.E.Morrell.D. Kendall, Cast. JD, toBiuina, Jose Ispelata.Statl^icalstill we see that he is supported aztd upheld in all of his infamousin this unlawfulpro-andgan. Leamins very lately that these young men changed. Her armies may not go to Washington, butinner and the^uter air,and if the cars were to that,cer Houghton, of the Second Precinct, after a pro-perhaps be able to do what w? did to her—conquer aAll these things are not only in the political sought to escape by (light, but one or two shots from cards of the day, but extremely likely to be brought the officer's revolver, made him surrender at discre- about if we goon with our temporixlog, do-nothingmurder;witk specimens of the Gorilla and other objects illus- After he had been taken into custody, Brincklcy peace. featlngthe nataral,history and ethnologiy of that mostrights and institution* of any of the States, and have a trip, backwaros and forwards, you par just 25 centsRobert Thompson and John H. Rlit, of Fayette Coimty, Pennsylvania, arrived here a day or two her lenger continuance at her anchorage being ago, en route to California. Having been inveigledwithgreatanxiety. He left Guadalajara on the 8thfrom Iheir masters and It would be proper, in my ;judgment, for tbe General Assembly to considerwas cboseu Chairman of the meeting.Mr. WiiuAH J. HosGis, the first speaker, createdCruTclI, TruiillD, Post ft Small; T. D. Wagaer. Soe^ ing, Havana. 1. B. 6ager.ArrlTed.^id from her moorings to the dock at South Brook-for and Colima,m West-street, they purchased steerage tickets for $75 each, when the regular price was but $60. Learning that they oval at Staten Island felicitate themselves upon had been swindled, they instituted proceedings forhis a£Ballant for felonious assault. Justiceagainst Ualiov was fixed his bail Stscxs, before whom taken,and are founded on the that " dUfer- maxim,Steamslilps Yorktown, Farrlik. Kotfclk,at $2. COO. Councilman Cos'telio became his surety In this amount, and complainant and defendant left Ihe Court.AN U5TR0F1TABLI CrSTOlfgB.Judas Katz, a Frenchman and a hatter, residing at No. 148 Avenue B, went into the comer grocery kept by Appolonia Heldt, to buy milk for his matutinal coffee. Willie he was waiting for his change Mr. Heldt placed on Ihe counter a pocketoook containingIntervention to that of our country, but becauseare sick, tired and disgusted with the dvii war, andTlleston ft Co. Adger,The Soeiedai distinctly Ba3ra " WeMkailkmn a^uor witA Ote United States."treal You start from the Station at either side, and, '.must be abandoned !dangers Inside the car (then•Bd ahalf In length, and was listened to with marked clothing, were secured the thieves, who effeCTed tieggarly appearance, but give Mexico a few tiiou- the means and the determination to iiunish do not attempt it, for, if you did, you could not be EnglandJ Mrs. Doojdas Pennant. Aaelements olMiMcehadbeenmade.Thelecttirewastwohoiors and$300incash,besidesaquantityofvaluable thanthoseofourcountry..Shepresentsto-daya SBtlstacliontoknowthattheauthoritiesofVirginia firstperceived)revealtoyou.Youcannotspeak,or Mr.andMr«.G.Carha,New-YorkgreatMilwaukee;Mr. Dnsel, bearer of dttpatehselo~]endnilng troops, and tbe spectacle istaiydiatelyagaln&t public—tm^' M. Babeasal..3» Hi«in««, DahusrrSkaii:run off the very smooth track, .you would most proba- GMOOKkFBlCAJ. SOCIXTY.—^Ur. DD GbaILLO, were in this City, he came here and, assisted by Offi- she will force us into a long and expensive war, and were contented with their condition, and unwiiliog to bly go down to feed the fishes of the St. Lawrence.fsMeidifna, Qitiesw-.Y^o.rk^.-"ton says M. nx Gabsiac is not:th^ clergy.aaee, and- assert that now the pott-shicris withdrawn man who sold them the tickets, and he was held In latter Is the most probable, if he gets back here in good Tke Two Craaaiasa af tbe St. Iiawraace at about the " negro" at the late Union meeting. He steamer, bd. 8. •reportThe frosts beginendofNovember some- ;Slavery.It is said he was o a fey tixv tOTXXW Tmti«r V^j.tM andreached here lasttaiaary dcmaBda npea Ike Tiwtnil.tkesa kai k-ea staad alBBOit aay premre. Tka seaia,loe, Inaly>etaal^paid,oainiteUla remembered that, dnrlng OlkflrtaK tk*)tw iwtactoi Ike Bute tax ap«o real aad (er«n« M-ta1e,froai tkree to two-and-a-half aUlt, kaife«M to faU;o>ce, and tkat BottlBg far ika laM yaar kM baao re- tke centre of gravity as much as possible, and render iB jail tn UereCT Comitir^ KeBtoeky, latt iceived from tke PennsylMBia Kaflroad Ca<BpBnr,OB aanpwtleiaUkslr. Tke captain takea Iteat the chugeof attemnttac t»$Btlce alavaa Iaccount of tax or tonnage, laaktsg the reoefpta, from those two aouicea of ravafoa, leas by $400,000 than tbey were for Ihe preoedlng aaar, it is a sourcepoet places himiielf aton a visit to soaie rdaflsat Inbad as little pnrpoaa to staal slaves as la He says Ibat tka real emoee of the proaeigsti kiat was his open avowal of Reptuillcaa oponrr rosT-ovHOB. afoperations of the Tieasnry. at wIiBe the canoe Is held fast at the of tlio For nearly two yearaTaat tke State kas been en- edgeof tka many men and fifteen pieces Corrtfcndenee of tke NoB-Tork nne*.b; very heavy wt^sther and dense t^o^ot S. <Ctbe with the loss of Bridse.TtctarlBdetainedHe thought Mr.O'Cosoa hAd insulted God in Ids assertion that Slavery SteaniEhlp George Creek, Willetts, BaltlBMia andis a necessary and proper instltotion. As a minister of Norfolk, iriih mdie. to H. B. Cromwell ft CoT^believestheby one of the pltysiclans who has examined him that it is all adeception,MAsqcxzbeingnomorecrazythanthebalanceofhissssociates.The forced loan Is being collected from the foreign,era, they having been debarred fiom all protection byIbe of stupid opinionGen. contributions "that these displayed. A strong margin of ice, called a batture, to do the bidding of the South. The fact that Mr.BrigBoreas,(Br.,)Clow,PrinceEdwardIslandBda, with oau and barley to C. H TrumbuU. Haa sxBMi- enced heavy weather tke entire passage; stare aal- warks, Ac."forced loansgy have refused to pay their quota, and as they arefolly 'aneh embarrassed by reason of some neglect of tbeBaal^ of Sapervlsofs in not getting the Calendaradaiad and ready for use at the operdng of the term. when he was Chief Magistrate before, has been de- of the thing was in Including them in the decree.fib, however, understood tiiat Ihe work will be put t°llcd for duty at the Mayor's oflSce by tbe General Su- Gen. Wotx continues his oppressive acts upon QieJala prompt hands on Satiuday, and will be soon com- perintendent, at the request of Mayor Woon. Officers foreign merchania of Zacatecas. These occurrences across, it rapidly Increases, by stopping the progress orderly white persons, who kept rude time with their enced heavy weather on the1.. Bmthe Government, ne force can make them. Thespeediily meet,The strain,band, aj^lauded —and asofoetida on tke stove. The of 17 ds-, with oats and potatoes to Cfaas.edge their error, hot it is exceedingly doubtful if hewill be able to wring the money out of them. Thefact is, diplomacy ka* lost nearly all of its power withthese people. It kas latterly been the means of sav-the effect of packing and piling, and tbe aecamola- tionef the snows of tbe season, tke aaturatloo of these with waler and the freezing of tbe whole Into aeolldbody,it attainsthe thickness often to twentyWoodlands.ing a few lives, of preventing a few robberies, Ac,but when an act Is done for which money is to be feet, and even moregivenasIndamnlty,notevenMr.Maibiwcanhopetobuilding.*^B A WPOBT, Jaa.4.—Arr., Jan.Sand last night, aeha.Incetown tor Wiid Rose, Pierce, Boatiiamr Norfolk,Tangier Mountain Bagle. Pendleton, Bocklaal ftaeBav- Yurx; Ann Sawyer, Milibridge, Me., tarda.asitisstatedacouldbe goodCatholicwhilehedeniedtheopinions11, iiiiiiilIiLIb laiiihave been made thepart of Mr. Matexw, who has succeeded In obtaining the promise of the energy here to order the suspension of further oppressions upon Englishmen, but iiebtsThe clergy parly have, their otBeials in dif- throughferent parts, been guUty of a variety of violations oftke tariff of 185«. At first, the Clergy Govemment alfo riien so as to drive tbe Inhabitants from theirsubject of prompt action on tbe driven.Tromhall.redress forme " ia that—BOABD OF 6i;fxbyisob8. An adjonraed meet-into the increasing hostility to the United States, pally stimulated by Gasbiac, the French Minister.failedobtaining anyAmericans, owing princi-hope of escaping without foreign aid.as they please. Last week they threw in prison a every obstacle it encounterslarge number of poor fellows, on the absurd charge ofconspiracy against the Government, thus most erroneous ideas of themselves.a ntrrow of the channel, the lateral pressure it partthere exerts drives the bondage up tke banks, where it sometimes accumulates to tke height of forty or;Ayrea. KOBFOLK. Ta.,Jan. 4. -The schr. MagnoUa. wUh^them Captains Sroaa and Issaii have been here for somean assorted cargo, fTom Boston, bd. for BickadBd. -wad.business of Capt. gross's expulsion fromSonora. This gentleman left for WashingtonIsham will remain forproximo.IVfattirer—EzraBaldwin.tbe next TU( CtJBAK CAPITAL BCSUIISS arSFXMDBD. Bcnss, respectable tailor of this t-ity, was_Natlee to .Varlaeiw..The Unitedsteamsliip Cahawbafound dead in liis bed on Saturday morning last, and ingwas followed to his grave by a large concourse of the town." At Monueal,packet— GiaMAXawaaThe lamp was on a table when it exploded.States HailJ. W. Suits, Commander, from New-Orleans on theinfluence of the tides is not felt.them. By order of Lighthouse Board. _ A. M. PKNlfOCB;,Capt.from Vera Cruz on ttie 8thfluid-lamp exploded—BTATIC DIBT TBI HABFXK'8 FXBBT AFFAIK, &C.Bpakea, A. H. Manchsater—schr, tor ClBCCiT CocET Calendar lor this day.—Noa. port, Jan. 1. off Chltcoteaque.a SoiThe Message of Governor PACJiEB, of Pennsyl-,,,' '*-':high,Name from;;Josepk."their nature, areorcity,of this very delightful traveling.which, from ——teTheit Is two miles across atbut five minutes to dash from one to the otber shore at Montreal^ while at Quebec from one to six hoursIn the one case the;would apply to Mr. O'Cosoa tiimself.Bt.Quebec ;and Creator of Slavery.wise declared a lieever justified either the slavery of the Jews or of the Afriban. The word " negro " was not in the Bible.ericiBsJ DasigaaBatteras.!passengerspeaker enteredinto along argument on thelarge akyUikluLaw- rence in its Summer costume. But theyknow littleMusic speech in which he upheld the justness ofSlavery. He caused to be read the opinions of many eminentmenfromPlatoandSocxatxsdowntoJobs lat.Above where the river " takes," it takes Montreal,smooth, and no very peculiar phenomena are to be observed. But, in the neighborhood of that city, the taking, packing and shoving of tke ice are grandlyan evil, poor, mean, miserable Chaxut O'Cokox saidThe K. has hadtwo of Intense frost consolidate tke nightsandwith hcaw weatbsr. veryuponing's paper informsjliaetspacksly, pnt paucityattendance -was tke statement that the. expialBod byHodges who controlled tke meeting, are not eonsider-ad as representatives of tke entire colored population. mSchr. Lane, ^'orfolk 10 du., with ouUoa aad- *-ilost part deck luad of cotton.Marks IS ds., irlth ootton aad tobavco to BnxUe A Paitaa, Bas experienced heavy weather.Bchr. Dr. Rogers, Adams, EUsabetkport, with eoal Ut- Boston.Schr. MoTBlBg Light, Surpimers, Tlnliilior tinder it Greatorover or beneath it. This, lessening tbe waterway, causes the level of the river, above, to rise, and dreadful inundations often occur. This veryaiora-of the ice in tbeand flooded tbe ialands off Lauaraie to such an ex- tent as to drive tbe iukaiiitanta into tbe upper stories of their dwellings. At Bou de I'lslc, tbe waters haveand after it has tMcome fixed as far as the eye can reach, a sudden rise in thefast.SANDY Jan. BOOK,;annset.—Wind Bnawlox fSst, Cannot see any dlscance off shore.awide ofthewiiolecover- expanseTall'able Pbibikts.—OnChristmas a Day,FOBrLAFAYETTE,Jan.4,aonsei.—Abarksaiiid nptbeNarrows,latov,ats:is. Windii(bt,,W.Baaa-where it bad beentouch it, tke vast maas Is set in motion byinatthewin- dows of the second floor. I have seen It mount a ter- race garden, twenty feet above the bank, and, cross- the garden, enter one of the principal streets of it must be remembered, the This, howet»r, and Qucliec, so that here the huge ice masses, brought down from sheets wiiich comersIntheneighborhood,whenthe thermometer is down to 20 degrees below xero, are daily swept backwards and forwards by a current ofFlcid-Lamp.—Areeeatlydemand a revision of the existing tariff laws of tilethatia men United States, with a view to an increase of tlie rev- came across, a week ago, it was after dark. The Vandeibilt..ail the various deputmentssiime lime, without Imposing burdensupon tbe people, aSuid to Ihe General Government a revenue amply sufficient lor all its wants.riOIBAL BBLATIONS.The recent seizure of the public property of tbe You then get a glimpse at the massive masonryUnitedthe State ol Virginia by armall band of aesperadoes,to excite the Slave to In- nlth an intention populationsupported,silent. In connection with the same subject, C. Malloy was nominated as candidate for Alderman proceedings. It is time we did something, irrespec- tbey were prcmptly surrendered to the justice of tlie ports, however, give credit for the surveys which es- BoBriaaf.... I IS) Bob seta...: 4 «|l[o(aMla..^.A'iwhich geographers and atlases areA lieDEL CAIiDIDATK.Previous to the recent Charter election Edwardwere arrested, within our jurisdiction,AlMABAO-ma BAT.tterlyaa inteiestlnjg communication. Just received by tbe irom the Twelfth District by a faction of the Democ- tive of the party objects of our leading politicians, offended and injured State.Saelety fromDr. Livisostosi, the distinguished trav- racy. John Irwin, of No. 27S Tenth-street, at first w ho have carried us te the brink of national ruin and The several States of this Uidon are independent for the principles carried out in the plansoftheexistiDg laaiv Bsek. 4 isthey, UBITIKG OF COLOBID CITIZE5S » WILLIAKS- Cromwell * Co.down such disturbanceHowever, on this point there are still some who be- Congress authorizes the Presidentof tbe Cnlted Statesofvery little true patriotism at the bottom.views,withjuritdiction to combine together for the purpose ofstirring up Insunection In any of the States, or to in-Wolff: J. R.Dow, Gordon, Mobile, W. ELHuatis M,;to the izanlts to the African racement. In cases not providedHarper's Ferry,fierce scream from the locomotive, you are dashed into Ihe gloom of the Great Tube. You have just time to look around at the facea of your fel-State ;"ent nations oufiht. In time of peace, to do to one an- other all the gtKid they can, without prejudicing their real Interests." This maxim, recognized by alfclvll-... Charlestm,Chesapeake, Crowell, Pa Steaner Locust ^CromweUkCo.but I moat to call out the militia ol tbe several States for the pur- frankly,laM BjrsBklieve the Liberals can yet triumphconfess that such persons cannot be relieved fjrom tke pose. I' IS a hl|!h offence against the peace of our call,industry,How different is the crossing of tke river at Mon-by the time the train of cars has acquired a speed of some fifteen miles an hour, you observe that you areAragoJan. 31... Havre roa OAuroaiTiA.Nev-Teiattention to thewhich beset our Federal relations. It is a source of low-passengers, which tbe lampsfunection, have dr«wnbrojsdWhoever asserted other-rashes In the other he entrustsfound it to be adress. itself in far Yetit presentslow as 21°. Jan. 1 and 2 had a severe snow stoiati^slideeonsequencs of tbethewholement In transporting passengers an! luggage between$11osloco thenorthandsouthshoresincanoes. Thesecurious SalreittohaUparties. Mr.KingwillprobablysailB(.ndiot Wyoming Canal Compaa> Tstalon New- we have $27,397,9ei 07, the remaining debt of the crafts are peculiar to this part of the St. Lawrence. Francisco early in ApriLCommonwesllh, tbe principal and Interest to be pro- They are bom of necessity—called forth by excep- vided for, ficm the ordinary sources of revenue..that Hon. -IBUhSliA? aVKNTiaO,Jan.8g.,1In BootWo.» O r> asp«"communicated with the United States steamer Cru- cember, 1858. to tlie 31st day of December, 1859, a lees than dug-outs, twenty or thirty feet long, and Edward Everett will deliver an address on Frank- to attend, as matter* ef iapor<snce will be broaataa-.;•«2 W iiiit/, Cap;, MAurr, bouid on. ^ cruise.AU well.period of thirteen moDthS) besides meetlBt all the or- sometimes even longer, with sides thick eaotigk to lin," on the birthday of the printer-phiiowpher,11>th fore tne meeUng.HBNBY MBieS,Ile*>M*1^'-"Untitled Documentfooro»six aad tasMngers,Boreof aeal$1 foTtkeftBifrfsieinaiHlirtiialtiililwaorTke paMeagen crouch Jown npoa kqffalo robesInkaad. The;matetke bows wltk a pole. The rest of the crew disposeK^ttncky, ai'VsfO-AIbuy.BnaaloaBaNnttaadWeaiWaBlUaWestera Kail «M bia Bailroad.KsBtk aad Saalkwaateni MaU. ...H( A. K, m4 2U,SfeiBoston,»iThs uamboaOta.t.tt.sTntk!k...r7.r!!;4*R»^eriaa* M^fn- Isana bfaalg •vsiy Monday and Tharstay, at • A. K. LsMHtAkM ge, and like cirraered rats have detamlned to psLjInOIglsto,ciwailll exhibit tlM coadluonof Tha< closed, or it kiay eloae as soon as entered. "A 2e neO«mUlaniMallataaaM. JSMVk (It^AUTImimHatted SUtesor so, aKa#theg^^y ,m ahead.I|A.M.aad%1r.4^aajr posltlaaBioiailycertain thatcotklnggrosaasttakathe offensive;and wild and rldlcaloas as it maygine number of-Improvemeattowklekltrelataa.ID*, Salt Laks day,atlA.]|. M'leave at 1 "iJassfk anrybeginning,echoestbeat tke rate ncailyonemillionof dollarsperannum.Mwith Mexico fordesired. However right oar Gorem- management ol the financial Interests of the State can "A dTM/s .""treatingreae>i It,•>Viud»me,vieiThe tn&nal report of tke SoperlnteBdenl of Com- tain, and all muscle* are strained imtil the canoe fn<« bav, Iksali fea aarkal - Orartaal. «tfthat the mUi- heard. You reflect for one moment on tbe fact that force of tlie United States was a power imme- there Is but the eighth of an inch of Iron between theElliot, Ma;Mr. 0. N.that the Slave populationunite with disorderly white men in acts of treason and And then the gloom grows lighter. You breathethe have more freely. You are again on terra fma. If you peopletbe peace;'; It. Bartbes. Bavana;i> Faaaeaven AirlraA.Id steamahip Cakawba^from NeiD-Orlean» m "t¥,'.'-i- W- Smllh, Miss A. Hinkle. Mrs. H. „ tion. Both the prisoners were placed under the care course. The French Minister Is the prime mover Union. To us, as Pennsylvanlans, it Is gratifying to the Canadian papers, as to the originator of the great child, Capt. K. Pcrter, Mra. L. T. Olmstead, T.and that the great masses ofno hjmpathy whatever vrtth any attack upon the choose, jou can repeat your experience, and for theandtbe it waastrongS.andN.W.galesfortbelast$ di. Jan. 1, had a heavy snow etorm.paddle themselves, paytoHdnits,canti. But whereItis dark and foggy, and when it blows lurd.yoacannot induce the men to lake yoa over for anything Wa^air..'.the citizens of this Commonwealth have Victoria Bridge. The death of Mr. Stspexhsox, the C. Tracy, K. Vlnero, T. P. Grlrmell and lad]and the act of ''""•^ """'**and Eleventh-street, Brooklyn, Eastern"^District, last evening. The object, as stated in the Co.; Itasca, Cowly, Norfolk, R. P. Buck A Oe. iwas toCommonwealth, for disorderly persons within our offered by Mr. Craxlis O'Cosob in his speech at theThe movements of Muajiox have been watched duce the slaves in tbe Southern States to abscond origin and justness of Slavery. Mr. W. A. Hosexs Ketchen, Norfolk, IC. Bedell ft Co.; Lady BaBoB.return here is looked forgreat anxiety. It is believed he will do something to insure the prompt punishment of such offenders some merrimenthiswithwhether additional legislation may not tie necessary against our peace and security.FSOM CANADA.stablished the practicsbllity of theand"Asons and h^aboutas many whites, convened at the cornerby causingdefinitionsoftheSteamship Cahawba, Smith, Kew-Orleanslife colored race in the United States, in his remarksQaebec and Maatreal-Tke CoatraTersy aa thoBght one of the definitions—" a mean wretch"— and passengers to S. L. Mitchill ft Son. She has beenabouttimes a little earlier, as this year, seldo;many later. of no less than two Popes advene to Slavery. tor, sfBath. als. 8. Dec. 2s, lat. 34 ti, las. tVex-theBaven. Prr "T lit 71 II Inn rtlebantrtd longltndle with brig Ida McLeod, of Fall nvec.believe him? Bark Escoriaia, Ryderr-nsvaaa 14 da., with aagar,Who wouldFrom the fact ol Mr. O'Coxoa's being employed injustifiableItbe Lemon slave ca^e, he that be was hired argtied8di. N. of Hatteras, with waatlter finim M. heavylaSthat he would vided he was pleadfor or paid for it.abnodred var^great"A gaueke:" "Ranux tone, Sarr-r-r-r r S«as«trorBestOB,b7Bailniad OiA-ltaadirKKKaofareoand andbe landedabont uArDagbairaian Dee.-34....lLAitTwertpaaetl.thespeaaer was followed by others in the same with salt to T. H. Saaford. Left oo Am. veissls.will be constructed of brick, with brown- stone trimmings, and will cost about $10,000. Archi- tecture, Romanesque.Telosnafe. light,againstbeen 8 ds. N atfeet to the music of tke immoderate- BrlgRaysoODd, (Br.,) GorcoD,<7h_. iottelovn, P.I,L,itself aathe occasion was much disturtird by a number of dis- 17 ds., wltk plaster to Peter I. Mevios ft Soa.theOf course, as soon as this winter barrier is thrown condemning Mr. O'CoBoa's views. Tbe harmony of kBrlg WiUUmAIkin, (Br..) WaaDanMriadaar.H.8.,bridge.meettaig expresseddecidedlyHatteras,way, butthey dwellings on the river bank. We fear the loss ef the the assessment laws. A commnnlfstlnn from Jadga WIND— tke from weetward, vttk••a named Liriix Westom girland chani:els leading to the City ol New-York FiBi.—The alarm of fire, last evening, was been removed for the Winter, and apars aobstittitedare 64, 6j, 7,-16.202 her clothesdfce.Boston from—takingfire.FEBSONAl..At the request of his congregation, Bev. T. Starrbas withdrawn hisoftion, and has accepted Ipave of ^sence fur fifteenseverely burned.Tbe iron can and- Dtin boya marking ths Lover BagrkavaBir-CaaadaJan. U... JJan. H....M«».T<tk..BalticJan. 6....New-Yisk ToaTBiwxsT mixs.. Montreal•"'rk fiika_Tatea, I^««k, Raymond Ponee, Stanai SDoane.Doane, Femandina, Post ft SmallLaura Jaaa.:—Lord OeCsstro, Liskon » Capt. W. rT|BeB6«t. Islaad. t W INTELLIGENTJas. Adams,;chercn* Co. Jan. 2, 9:30 A. M., Ist. 32 iS, Ion. 17 •.ex-Ann, stg. N. W. JaBTS Uwith Bchr.A.M., off Cape fiatteras, signalized U. S. SBrve-x•i—acStesmshlp Angnsta, Voodhnll. Savannah, wltk nulse.and steered for it ;painted yellow outside and white inside. Dee. lAtathe Gulf in lat. 37 Stream,lun, e; atewindsandmachcalmweatherfromOibrallartiHBclaw. Ship Dirigo, Yomw, Nswcastle,cat ike ice in the Janes Blver,oratore NO. 4ai Brtiadway.48,Oe, passed tkiiMk1st. 38a constant succession of hi«vy N. W. aad W. calM. aadaaN. to N. W., everything abont tke skip aad rigataa ba-ins encased in ice.Bark Reindeer, (of New. Haven.) Laaflue, St. TksaHBreaching3D,ion.it,sincewhich tiae liava hadBilg C. C. BllUnga, (of Bangor.) Cart Cnraaaa Dectire Jpassage;Schr. George Maogam, (of Philadelphia.) Ssnddcr, St.;kj OapC inilss_S. £.,""m^^i J^^^^B^ LThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 