 mnightintherejectionoftheoontract., »H;|V- Of coursethereisanund^r^tan^mgmthismat- ter between the Aldermen.and the City Inspector, tol and the White House. Last Winter, they in the precise.pature of which we cannot state, butwilldoenoughfor.themanwhodestroyedtheMis- souriCompromise, without anyspecial eihorta-im.1 ?V3 I!f.iitNEVER FAILING FRUIT JAR. .end, the admission of a new Slave State formedevery contract for .cleaning the, streets.WBOKEXER &. Wi " W e prefer them IM They are the _avsee, therefore, more than two hundred thousand Capt. Pendergra8t> will proceed to his station as com- golden reasons impelling them to that course, we mander of the Home Squadron in the steam BIOOO-O-'- war Pawnee, which will leave Philadelphia about tue yond all denial or cavil ? All I demand is truth. cannot but conclude that the Aldermen will reject 20th for Vera Cruz. On being relieved, Flag /Officer Jarvis will proceed immediately with the Savannah tiBnsiitfs* Notice*." your inquiries in the akffinnat_ve.*V (See Mr.ir* elegance ©<* stjrie with raperior fabric are new reax.y ftor ex- iigdhe&W tad sale. BIRD, NO. 49 NassauHKLMBOLP'S BUOHTJ FOR THE BLAKDER. BBLXBOU/K BCCKO roR THI Kumars. , BetaAeUfl Buchu ft r the OrweLHrtmbold's Bncbn ft rthe Dropsy.Helmhokf • Bucftu ft c Kerroasoesa,Hclmbol<Ps Bocha rotloss of Memory, IOMof rower.standing, it will be seen, by referenee to.another column, that we gained' information as to what-• .permit the Hoi:se to be organized; and then theyfiddled away tvio-thirds of the time of the Senateina goat's-wool quarrel about a Slave-Code for theTerritories. The House passed bills enough, andgood ones, of the very kind you profess to desire; For the next four inonths, when with the cold Special Dispatchto TheJK. T. Trfboao.KolmooH*- Bucbu fJr Dlm&ea- of-V Uton. ' HebnOoto's Bucha ft r General Debility. BetmbolO's Bnchn ftk UaiTrrsal Lassitude. Hetntboldfa Bnchn ft* Pains in the Back.p«.j,in all its parts—as it could hardly have failed to be in full view of the above avowals, to confirm Mr. but the Senate would not even allow Kansas toSLaxxi»ou>'s BPCHC U a*companied by the moat reliable cer- fct&cwtes trow QoTeraore.of States, Judges, and Clergymen.Price *>1 per bettlr, orate for $t>." Ye efBieted, read" the iouowinf ©erdfioa-e of a oare of over••DR ttMJi»o».D—DVai Sir: I hare been troubled with an «£botiott of the Bladder ark Kidneys for error 20 years. 1 h»T» triedntaeteianeia vain, ana mX. l**t concluded to give your Gen- Ctse reparation a trial, asjl bad heard it bigbl, spoken of. 44 afforded mc tmrnwltatir relief. I have need -are© bottles, nod I neve obtained morerehetf from" ita effect*- end feel much better than Xhave for My eara p-»ftiotu. I h*te We giea-^at faith in its tillage and coxatvfo powVra, and shall odo all in my power tomaJse it anown to the aSUcted. Hopini tnia may prove *d-»«ntaceeuM to TOU In •fitting yon to inixoauce the medicdne, j,;;. ~ • • f u n truly ifeura, NL- McCoiotiOK."iewiatoo, Pn.. Jan. *the Nation, but kept her out by intrigues which no one pretends to justify. You say you want tjLlay Slavery agitatien on the table, and proceed to practical buBineiis; yet you side with those who persist in doing just the opposite, against your former principles, and. the great body of yofir former friendB. Are you sure that you are Hiram Ketchum ? Mhjy you. not have been '' changed at nurse?" lit certainly looks so.But the great thing, you tell us, is to beat the miserable, indolent political hacks who now feedcalled from the retary of War.TreasuryDepartmentby theSec-McCormiek's atatement, he refers • Hon. W a Biwutk, •Oorersor, Pentuyhrania.supposed to have already formed and matured your,ShooId any one doubt to:the toHowmg geetlemArmory corner of Sixth street and the Bowery. District-Attorney Ould' was sp-kesman for Washv* ington, the presentation taking place in the Park in the presence of a great crowd. Maydr Wood transferred the Armory to.the charge of the Regi-his interests by employing able-bodied men, irre-cate the willingue88 of yourself and your late spective of political considdrations. Thus a large Mr. Goodloe has been arrested and held teBon. J. S BLACK, Ji H o c D. H P O X T M HOB. R. C. GKIXK. H o n . W . A . P o a i Hon. £. BAXXS 1—t-biladelphia.(rreruor, Pennsyhrania.,. United State* Court,[ty SolioUor. Philadelphia.Know-Nothing Confederates to unite with Bishop on the subjects to which they relate, Hughes-^with Capt. Rynders'—with FernandoI may safely aver that you are both far ahead of^the RepublicanTHE TRIBJJHE iu what yo i call. '.** sectionalism," and because of which you (jail upon Whigs to sup- port Democratic Electors of President in order to defeat our Whig brother in the good old days, novbody of Aldennaiic hangers-on'would be past upon bail in the sum of .$1,000. to answer at their own resources. Now, while Mr. Delavan, as the Criminal Court Sam. Strong of New-York he himself has confessed, will allow the Aldermen caused the action to be instituted, and Mr. Z. C.•Utneral, Waahugton, D. C. And many otbera. JljOCOajflfiTTWood—with anybody. No doubt of it. But areyou willing to unite on their terms? Or are they to saddle these drones upon the City Treasury, Eobbins of this city is Mr. G's. surety. I. haveDepot, No. 1M Soutb, K at, betow Cheetnut, PhfladeJphia.A brilliant banquet at the Fifth Avenue'THE may$40.P . S. T* .K»ns at Co, No. 13 Pa. k row, ^ Agents for New-York.party tndquiteeven withwilling to unite on yours? j This is the vital ques- through the medium of his Department, in order never before heard of such an action in this Dis-LAJMD & ho had forP ARKER Fixar-Cxtion, and you siirk it. If you are willing to voter SEWING-MACHINE, EBSTERty Dollaxa.rjuwrex k Ca, No. 500 Broadway.SEWING-MACHINE.t> retain his own position, it is not to be believed for twenty-five Douglas Electors, in order thereby that the Aldermen will do anything to prejudicetrict. It goes a great way toward muzzling the prees. If correspondents can be summarily ar- rested and thrown ihto prison, on a charge of libeling the powers thajt may be, they will be likely to 8^eak in bated breath of what should be th« subject of outspoken* denunciation, Washingtoi wouid soon become what Paris is. Mr. Cobs expresses gratification at the arrest, saying that there is rio more high-minded and honorable maa than Secretary Floyd.THE ALBANY POST-OFFICE.Ranid and noiaeleaa, unaer patents of Howe, Grorer «t aaicer, ice. ^«BoeViau<oiiat(^,No.4e»BKOA»irAT.almost certain of his election.I dare you to siftATTENTII >N, NEWSMEN !.'!_____ ' -!mons Lor'd Palmerston had stated that there was no truth in the report that Austria had threatened to support Naples. It was her intention to adheretual Jar in the market. IVsxranted Air Tight. Persons hereto- fore SM>en«oeMful m keepmg fruit for Winter use are Invited to give tsves> new Jars a uuL E. Y. TOKKat,, _, F• X No. 9 Platt-st. Trade supplied on Mber^l teona. J _. CHRAPEST JLNSURANCE CT THE WORLD]^ W e are, s o w making, vHtboot exoeptlon, tne best BAT* erer OsTeced to the pwb-lc. Odr Oafes preaervo toeir contents whenbefore we ever acquired it, and which had now Brooks, to help you elect Bell and Everett,. I haveNew-Yoxk. *, A number of leaders of the Breokinridge Damooraov•iam J:,',;;to clean the streets. It was only a juggle, a make-,KNOX'SFALL STYLEOFHAT.—-Afberthecalm »fcatamooo^cii<thestormoftheSprings^Summerbaslut-sslife, ELcox toiti» te» thr iscootiu^ seaeen of mMitwut u* wlvh hi* new axui saperb MTI« of fc*t fox rwatleuien It it esat, It Is elexant, Iti* o©cufon»ete. ana itiscne-i-p. Appreeiatoriof these qualities ffM^M-gftlte'ett eartj vi»{t to Knox's salesrooms, No. 312 Broad- wsj, oornor of Koiton-st.-. sfxl make a solecUoo. . *GKNTLEMEN'S H / T S — P A L L ^STYLES.—BIRD, their proceedings to be made public. Notwith- Ko.4>Nassau-st Gentleara'iH_U.ofUeFellpatterns,anlt^205.) OnaccountoftheseavowalsofAntiSlav erysentiment,thepartywithwhichyouare now affiliating made a desperate effort to reject Mr. Everett's nomination---Mi. Buchanan playing aitteDemocraticSenateorvetoedbyaDemocratic President. It isplainlynouse,topass anymor-O until we rout that obstructive gang from the Capi-Tax Moxsni(< CocjuKS. ASn £xQCiBX_tfaaotron sole at THSXJ Caarrs per copy, from which price to non-intervention till her own frontiers werepersonal exigency. In eit her case, how can youask your old Whig friends to league with Douglas really the case that eight or ten of those upoa it out of the General Appropriation for the City In- ./The following-named New-Yorkers registeredtherowtll be made aVXXT LJBXXA^ Discouirr TO DKAIKHS.Who will be sappHed I igh the principal News Agents, or at the offioe. No. 1(>Kr"eart-.INVENTION. tRXXCT JLXnCUithreatened. Parliament. had adjourned till the28th, when the prorogation takes place. Mr.Lindsay, Member of Parliament, is to sail.for thiscountry on the 8th inst., having been empoweredto enter into negotiations with our Government for " enough of Slavery—-are nick of it," &o. That There is no netid of your avowing your willingness salary; but thus far the Controller has refused to As near as I can learn, they desire the appoint-A ai»a J - "WKIIK''» JpATKNTLaTWC TX08»,"ANJ>FKM1I,K SCPPORTXR.GUKOOKT ic Co., Sole Proprietors and Manafactorers: Wholesale and iOetail .t sso ii Uoad-*i., N. Y.Get a Pamphlet.In view of the sadj and startling fact that the fol-the opening of the coasting trade, etc. It was re-ported that the Emperor of France had orderedthe formation of a corpi d'arm6c of 100,000 men, •to-shed his blood in the cause of the Colonies so swallow them all the same. But have the Irish and with campaign materials, to be ready to moveat short notice. The Emperor had made alaw authorizing their appointment.. Now every The delegation were in close communion to dayISO 0*K»xiT» T-ney c»i ot be told, when worn, from other vance on the Bourse. •The reported invasion of.clothtng. Orer six hundr< otficen of Teasels have bought and Calabria and the commencement of the campaign xeoocumended th«m. oout No. 2S6 Broadway, opposite^theCttyHalLEVERGREE* TREks should be planted now, while the ground is moist] and before the Sopto-ube-1 rata* cocoe. Fresh green surroundings can thns be obtained for a house dur- ing the whole Winter. Visitors can select them wives on theto descend to the lowest grogshop slang, saying,"The Constitution was made for something else one—rthat it will vote solid, if electtd, for Douglas still the duties of these men are well and thorough- contest.grounds, or for catalogues frpply to t AHso2ts.it Co., Flushing, L AI_R'S CELEBRATED•srpoeed to fire In, the beat manner, and our Ba_t6x__-»>i>Kooa Garibaldi. Sardinia.prohibits any more volunteers DAJSBdenes the world. Any one about to purchase la requestedto sjsJI and examine for themselves. %V * uirx rax. BXST SATO embarking at Genoa for Sicily. Fuad Pasha hadplications of the day. Her State Election occurs for. Douglas, or tan of them for Bell, or however on Monday next; and the leading candidates onjrou nut x_a__rr MOWXT.\1t BTJLUUM» it MAKVIV,] No. 835 Broadway. cor..Worth^t. 1succeeded in fully quieting the people of Syria. The reconciliation of Russia and Austria is said to have been fully accomplished. The Emperor of Russia had given a grand banquet in honor of the Emperor of Austria's birthday," and proposed Francis Joseph's health in the most friendly man-come in Free or stay out. You know that Mr. severally vote if chosen; and whether they be all Clay's Compromise was emphatically condemnedyou can do better by telling one story to Sam and Republican. GOVKBXOB. ISRAEL WASHBURN, jr..EPHRAIM K. SMART. elected)byincreasedmajorities. TheState»en*teelect'" "QAS\ F I X T U R E S .and resisted by Mr. Webster—and of course byMr. Everettand yourself—lmat youregarded thefourteen out of ninety Noi chera representatives another to Hans and Pat,-you will, perhaps,'per- Dist. For Member* of Con jircm:Democrat.BAZ.-.. JBX/ACX k. Co., Nee. 5o3|and 5&I Broadw>.y, Corner of Pjcinoe-sC,sist m that course: but it is not honest; and it ii iny businoss, and I think that of the upright gen- erally,totake"carethat it shallprove a losingI. JoHjfN. GOODWIN.II. CUARLKS W. WALTON. III. 8AMTJK_. C. FKSBBNDEN.THOMAS M. HATES. CALVIW RBCOBD.ALFRED "VV. JOHKSONV BBXJAMINA.G.FcLLK^a.is entirely Republican, and the House stands nine U • ne.1'Congrcggional/ ffomination*;i BUFFALO. Wednesday. Sept. 5,1860. The Hon. E. G. Spaulding was nominated for re- election to Congress from thi. District, by the £eooJs»-licans, this afternoon. } . AvBURN, Wednesday, S*pt. 5, I860.La addition to their large, stoox of rich GOOD*,Urge »«sor___ent of Ci_-jrsk_,ixi_s and GAS FIXTTTHXS of every:and of the newest styles, both foreign and domcetio res.who>acquiesced in that Compromise as traitors toFex 8 Ev-utrsrHxita.Mawufaotuxed by H. C. ALDiao it Co., No. 48 Cedar^t.ehasedand paid for in WXKK-Y or MOXTMLY LvaTAX___tK_<T_. Offioe N°- 4 y 3 Broadway | Clubs supplied. Agents wanted.The Ladies have resolved to vote on the SEW- 2ro*MACHiKX question T^hey have decUred for* freedom from leather pads aLd winding bobbins, and are deterovined to haveSewing-Maonine work w&ioh will survive tne wsoit-tuo. in short, they are going •*to a) man" for a new admizustrstion under Tan U KUTXR it KAXKK.PILES AND FISTL LAS.—A radical cure guaran- teed. Dr.'HoixowAY baa i occessfuUy prescrloed bis ceiebr-tted fcalssrrric OI»TM_>T in the abo*e disoiders durlbg a practice offifty years, and never fouad it uif in a sti.gl« ins auce. BARRY'STRICOPHI ROUS is the best and cheapestbut the Chinese rebels were advancing toward Shanghae. Breadstuffs were dull. Consols 92J'S>93 for money and account.A IiETTSB TO IIIKATI KETCHU3I. SiR: You did me the honor to mako sundry allu- sions to me in your Bell Everett speech of Tuesday evening. I find no fault with this; but you sa v fitthe Board of Aldermen to morrow evening is the confirmation or rejection of Lynch & Co.'s con- tract for cleaning ithe streets of this city. This contract was entered intobythe City Inspectorit will probably be the Vlth. But our friends strongly hope to lose none of shem.TO CORHo*, but as a guaranty U his good faith.whites that you were a steady and stern Free- Soiler down to March, 1850 ? Ah, Mr. Ketchum! yoju only degrade yourself by echoing this sorryBiualle(*'t; which is equivalent to saying it is least generally ap-proved. At the State elections held last year there was not even (No notice caa be taxea of erer is intended for last,8PONJ>£NT8^nymoua Communications.What-President, who made Mr. Webster his Secretarydone by the City Inspector's Department, after aoffer for sale a,i;'•• :BATCHELOR'S HAtQEt DYE, Wig and To*pee ner. It is asserted Irom a semi-official source thatconstituents that youand to heartUyFreedom. You reechoed Mr.IV. ACTSONP.MOKKILL. V. JOHW.H. RICB.Factory, No. 16 Bond-st. pivate entrance for ladies. The dye appBea in the sky-hght roojans.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUET" Xverybedy should hav a bvttle."— {.Tribune. , • .Rustia is certaiiily concenoratiog-frehh troops in Bessarabia, and increasing -her naval forces in the Mediterranean. The crops of Russia were very large. 'From India it is stated that large bodies of rebels had been routed in the jungles, where theyspeculation. So 50-ahead in the way you deem expedient, and let us see where you come out !\,SAM car, H. BLAKE. BlON BBA_>BCBY;iTheHon. T. M. Pomeroy, Republican, of Aabara, was nominated for representative iu Congress froai Districts des-'gnated above were 455, 63 and 493 the XXth District to-day. The Duitric; is composedou must be authenticated by the of. State, who designated Edward Everett as Min- name and address of the tor—not necessarily for publioa-most slovenly fashion, at a greatly enhanced cost a ticket of the American peuty for State officem in any Northern 4 Mcllhenny, one of the County Commissioner*, aotr,• K*$ktranspired. ' (.From Washington.i •»'..-•»••-*•'•THtlBSDAY, SEPTEMBER6, 1660./ T b e P IJria plac now projtofore ir givethe These a accompaTbe r« «xpect«-<more, vie and at 4 leave v,T h e o "svas n i .officers"« their atte escort," :meetings castle i saOed,ibis city in the p telligen-"* expulsionf o t t s a * Hi -The<Titurnout i -The Ch followingceedmgLC ' 'PttrJt'-., to. Ms ?/-••. the Com. ti .preyea* thearrive. h*-ra( BSXSI Willr* receive tfcsThe On .were dra-s Prince, on dxawn «srefasedto ville, -whe •the-wh>rf probaUy ( Tbe maj Ox, and Asteamer.TheOri ddewhat pive way. j2e_cmon B:By the City.froi vicee."The rir at 8. reali on Lonck York, 316The eel -dates fr^n23d ult.A foco«xaady to j AnEog19th uir. Heavy i mornirtJ!.' o. lasted liili The rr.ju WBS to pre and reetorthori'iee. It is belicombinedJapanesef-eceptionlast., sjaThe .Republican triumph in Vermont ia complete—the fullness of the vote perhaps excepted. There are from Twenty-fire to Thirty Thousand legal Voters in Vermont who did not vote on Tues- day, and seven-eighths of them aw Republicans. May we .not hope that adequate and systematic exertions. will be made to briog out the last ofEverett's nomination.You are of coarse aware of the above facts, Mr.Ketchum.' I recall them to your mind for this pur- pose: I certainly understot d you, iu those days, to Bympathise entirely and heartily with the general scope of these avowals of your present candidate for Vice-President, and I :im sure that you then thought the attempt to exclude him from the pub- lic service therefor an impudently, outrageouslythem on the first Tuesday in November?.PeoplegenerallywiIl.be ast<>tdshed^ in heartsf that a correspondent of the New-York Times hu been arrested here to-day, on the charge of HbeUag tbe Secretary of W a r concerning his action id the De Groot case, as well as upon other matters,"The military feeling was revived yesterday byceremonies attending the presantation of a stand ofBut a contractor who would do honestly by thecity and not rob himself, would not employ .the which have given rise to charges againstMr. Floyd.ment.Hotel ended the day's exercises. The Armory will be opened to the public iu about a fortnight, rhuch work still remaining to be dttae.<«_aaB«a_a__B«asBssss4g^ssm-S---_B_s_«a-a«>ss>By the steamer Amerioa at Cape Race on Tues- day afternoon, and the steamer Prince Albert at St. John's yesterday, at noon, we have EuropeanAffenie wanted eTerywaere. •• • yFXNKUB »fc L YON SEWING-MACBUNE Co.—All intelligence of the 28th ulfe., being four days laterj any demonstration of-Anti- Slavery sentiment whieh.Bell men that sich are the terms of the bargain,., are all the friends of the Aldermen who and thereby induce them to go ther Fusion ticket, are interested in perpetuating the. pres- and'the Electors on it are really all, or nearly all, ent illegal, inefficient and costly practice, quar- for Douglas, are you not guilty of fraud? Or if tered upon the street cleaning pay rolL On theDemocrats are induced to [vote that; ticket by as- contrary, we find 22 Ward Inspectors, and 22 surances that it is ent'rely for Douglas, and it is Health Wardens, are paid a thousand a year each,MOfaJnee warranted to gr*a bettei• sstis&cttonttan an; others inanarkot^or aooey reftmded. Agents wanted. 6 » B way, N.Y. than our previous advice's. In the House of .Com-goes so far as the above declarations of your ewncandidate for Vice-Preside i t These declarationswere either honest avowah of his convictions, orthey were demagogue pre. fessions made to suit a'speech at Lyons in which he condemnedto Tedress all their grievanees, he saw no propriety vote a Fusion ticket on which are borne the names ofI./the Neapolitan troops and some Bersaglieri, who The new self-testisg PxUlt Jar is toe simplest and most effec- landed from Sardinian vessels.. An English steam-President; they nay, on the contrary, that it is allof corrupt municipal legislation fresh in our mem-a private citizen, who charges him with libs! on tie Secretary of War, as contained in several recent letter. to that- journal in connection with the DSLGroot daun.Ssnriao-MACuiwaa. for Family Sewing.No. 486 Broadway, New-York. No. 183 Fulton-at,, Brooklyn.H'S SKWING-MACUINES. y a-e."—(Tribune.fa_ailie_.'>—[Times.Mo. 90» Breadway, New-York.Fort Delpizzo.. They also, after a short.fight, oc-cupied San Giovanni. It is supposed that the ar- by Mr. Clay's. Compromise Why did you not tell is manifestly a lie between you, and it is not mypry, we cannot hope for any effort at official econ-omy or honesty on the part of the degraded ma- The correspondent waived an examination before thaThe pacific nature of the speech caused an ad-not—they say thsy will vote a square Democratic And you.'are mean enough (if correctly reported), ticket, and none other. Their trusted oracles as-•JMI "> 9NlSW^OKKBjAILY Tsmvim\iffiji^m% 'mmcolors to the Seventh Regiment by" the City o;Washington, and the inauguration of the new each over forty years of ajre, and may fairly beRepublicans—beat Abraham Lincoln anyhow, byfrom the City Inspector's crib, but would consultBS:tt^3lf*rxr&athe Union. W e last session passed.ft Tariff.MLfactious one.Mr. Everett and yourself were thenThe old laws of Maryland are in force here where there are no United States statutes contravening them. It is under this old law of Maryland Curtpolitical convicti ns.erett's, public Anti-Slavery avowals of 1837-9any possible combination. T o this end, y o u indi-If, t]ion, I may cite Mr. Ev-as embodiments of his and your sentimentsII. You proceed to saj that you '' have heardquestion? ..,..;.-is-like the talk of Benedict Arnold in the crisis ofthe Revolution. He professed to have been •willingthat, and that ifj they were thirty-five, you wouldGaribaldi would enter the city in triumph and wi;.hout bloodshed.' Conflicts had taken place between Anti:Slavery side—that yo resisted, to the bitter How eapy to ascertain and- proclaim the facts, be-ister to England. Mr. Everett had in 1837, whento the tax-payers.State except Massachusetts and New-York. In the former State_atualne_a letters should• laj all. cases be addressed to THX a candidate for Governor of Massachusetts, in re- sophistry. You Ought to leave it to Douglas andthrew your whole soul int that contest on theserveyour purpose,why isit nottold?* , , , rashes to be removed, he will expend quite as much per month, or $101,579 52 more, making, a total of $364,738 62, against $319,911 70. for last year, and being an excess of nearly $65^000 over the annual appropriation, and $135,000 more than responsible contractors have offered and bound themselves to do the work for.The papers in the De Groot case have been re-•>.long as their rights were re ally assailtd; but, since German-born voters—who make up so large a pro- the mother country had manifested a willingness portion of the Democratic strength—consented toone of these 66 men, .drawing in the ag- gregate $66,000 . a year out of the City Treasury, was appointed by the Board of Aldermen or" the Mayor directly, Delevanwith Government officials, but nothing has tran- spired of results to my knowledge.!MR.YANCEY COMING NORTH.A letter has been received here to-day from Mr.lowing steamers have been l o , t . *- °- '• t^eatdeut, Columbia. Hum- the 'distrust excited abroad relative to France. in prosecuting the contest further, merely to ag- eight or ten Bell- Everett men ? They say they are to save his bread, complaisantly yielding the patron- Yancey, stating that he will come North about ttsboldt, City of Ut**go«v City of^hiladelphU, FrauJciin, Arctic, P»eino, l_\onnais, 'Jl*ero; , Anutria, Indian, Hungarian, andotb- s, all prudent people «i buyli:g tne DKUXO JL.ICK-J>KK»KKY-age to them without a murmur, the understandinggrandize France and pander to personal ambition.by Garibaldi is fully coufirmed. The to«vnof Reg-gio had been attacked and taktn by Garibaldi, and4,000 Calabrian insurgents had joined his troops.Gen. Cosenz had crossed the straits at Fiumichino,where two Neapoitan brigades surrendered to him of the position you have dee erted.' You told your for Bell, and likely, >if it succeeds, to make him at discretion. The Garibaldians were masters ofhearers that you are.old enough to have partici-"'Vf*J "•'''ysv""^ •'to secure the Douglas vot$ for ten Bell men, andthe interests of their friends.And yet the figures we have given do notthe other party itgree to it, there is no more to beMr. Lincoln's record and quote fairly therefrom said. It is your own affair. But if you assure show all the cost of cleaning our streets, norout of territory that had been slaveholding long If Hans and Patrick want to combine with you ander, with passengers for Messina, waB" taken posses-sion of, while the captain was ashore, by the no objection. I only insist that you shall not drive HIAIZVJB. of .New-York are' here toj-day, taking counsel w«aformed a Slave Constitution in accordance withpassengers, supposed to be friends of Gari-baldi. She was insured against such an act, a sovereign.State, wanted to come into the Union on taking him to Fermoy. t Let your Electors of Republican principles, "the Star in theEast" is on the Electoral ticket, and to consent to no lees.I.at Fort; D<•' A car-pi FalL Th< pendent otThe.wet has bee CE fering forTtsdoet Mexican •« derinthe instant,. " murder-TO'Great c< mail oo." respondenby tbe \-n depart trc Motda>p,, letters im mail.Mr. G: vras mfit.i, well. TJss.pnP a w E W 'OOHJOr;;:*knewp;A Iarcre, in astsrv on th* ret * Judge Jthe 2<>0- o The Js large at'eThTh*T? i overtime' when l-^iT h e i r 36 jatrecj about foX1An Ir* Georg>' ( disUelyIlorri a VicePtv* theDirM athis'r'-'a1A porti tory, a : o'clock t.Lowjlld,—TheTra%$cn««Ag«t Bought th Gartbtiidi hr fsemiht>ounded. preetlg*. « enter the•every-oo«< pnrpoee v gleueed oi primitive attical; b a o annua jeednauiii during 'ifriend. cy, this i beloveHiI tinuesto com para whetter not—be iMcily. &of politu counties —^for thi heartt>- o! resoluteand the inference is that she was designed for-the all but unanimous demand of her people. She, your pig to Cork by pretending that you are bentas slaveholding; you said she should not, but must say in black and white for whom they will next summoned to shed light on the political com-'-..'•••• : ' *>V e r m o n t S t a t e IGlcctiorx. ( ' MONTPJSXIER, Vt, 'Vedneeday, Sept.* 5,-I860.The returns" from nearly one half of the State show an increased majority for Fairbanks' el*ct on for Gov- ernor. All the Kepuohcan,candidates for Congress are. •,The'Ne arrived to- The Ftt in Santa IThe Republican majorities two years since in theEUREKA SEWING-MACHINES can now bt> pur- had taken refuge. There was quietude at Canton, vehemently he and you fought the fight of '44 The special order of business at the meeting of respectively. If either of them sliall now be lost, of the Conii'ies of Cayuga and Wayne.PoatrOffic* address. Box o. 3.600arttole for Dressing, Beeuti ying, Cleansing, CurlLug, Preserving to say many things in the course of that speech and Restoring the tiai'r. LadW, try it. Sold by Drngxists. which demand review; and, as short settlementsMosO-UiTO BITES IMMEDIATELY CURED—By .are said to make loog friends, I propose to consider Dr. ToKJAjt' VJCNJCTTAN LUIXK.^T, «nd no mark left. Only 2iAct.—Partibg uixtaiuable, Io turtifog up behind^ and a perfect fit guaranteed. No. ZDOBrca_way, next to A. T. StowsrVs.THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM, ' _ 7>>E. A_fTM02fr, No. 501 Broadway.have seen—that of The World. '•' unfortunate, as you and I thought, mainly because sent to them, referred to a Committee, and hasI. With your praise" of the candidates of .your Mr. Clay interposed to"deran|je our order of battle "never seen the light since; nor would it now be Journal of Commerce states the case with a show of-SSJP e n n s y l v a n i a P o l i t i e s . * PtTTsuuRCJH, Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860.choice, I do not meddle; but I wish to call yourand prevent our fighting it on the Anti-Slaverybrought forth had not the. contractors compelled force, as follows:..The Democratic Cuunty Convention nominated Dr.Catalogues sentvon receipt of stamp. Photographic materials attention to a fact not glanced at therein: Twenty- ground we had chosen f* Wa3 it in the belief that for amateurs and-tSe trade.Jamea Kew for Cvngrees XXIst District, with a f«fl Assembly and county ticket.They paseed Resolutions indorsing Douglas aad Johnston.they p.lled 14,365.votes out of 108,479; and in the latter, 24,813 Now that the Aldermen have been forced to con- votes out of 503,256. It is tiue that the'party has since been new vamped; has .changed its name and modified its doctrines, as nounced Human Slavery "by universal admission, priate. They are not debase! by it—that process sider the contract • what excuse do they offer for parties are apt to do wbon tboy see they are coming to nothing; being an impossibility. But iron, you, whom it is so long neglecting the public interests in, this and it has in consequence gained some accessions of Whigs, not matter? Why, tlat the contract is so loosely already committed irrevocably to Black Republicanism or toKaw-Y oxuc. TXJBCSS.W s cannot andertexe to return rejected Commcmioationa.T o Adv-ertis-cra.of THX DAUT TXIBVXS, and the necessity of putting the hrst " nitude;" and added, W t is required by justice, still difficult for your sometimje friends to regard asform of the paper to press ai an early hour, we are compelled to gfre notice to our friexcrflj that hereafter all advertisements n a s i be handed in before sVojclook in the evening, with the sin- gle exception of those intended for iutercion among the BusinessJtfotioeeouthefourthpageitthepaper.Thatclassofadver- tisements will be received until a late hour, but no others can be taken after 8 o'clock.Caunpatisro Tribune (WEEKLY).ply to ! the inquiries of Abolitionists, pro- men of that stamp, to whom it is natural and appro- Owing to the recent great increase in the circalatlon " a social, political and moral evil of the first mag."humanity and sound policy, that the slaves"should be emancipated by those having oonsti-" tutional power to effect that object, as soon as it" can be done peacefully, and in a manner to befc- You say that you want ltd lay this Slavery con-> " ter the condition of the emancipated." He troversy on the table and proceed to more practi-" less than archangel ruined,'J it has a more repul-firw of the Northern States will the ' Union party' run a Pres- idential ticket, unless it be for appearance -sake: they have not above a dozen or twenty newspapers, ail tcld, in the Northern States; and there is not a,man among them who will pretend thatsive sound.attitude with pain, but not with disgust.W e can bear to regard your presentpreciseaccordanceiwiththe ordinance of 1857, whichfurther avowed himself in favor of abolishing cal matters. You want to direct the political ac- not only prescribes what the contractor shall do, If our friends in the Breckinridge canip willSlavery in the District of Columbia, expressly tivity of the country toward a development of its but what penalties shall be imposed in case of fail- allow us to interpose a suggeetion, we think weT o satisfy a cemand fW TH$> W«;ic-_z.r .TRIBUNE at affirmed the right of Congress to effect such aboli- latent resources. Who hinders? Did we Repub- ure tooomply whh its provisions. In the first can do something to relieve them of their embar-a low rate during the r«n_ainder of the Presidential tion, declaring that the exercise of. that power licans devise and pass'the Nebraska bill ? Did we rassment, and thus bring the Confus on bargain to Campaign, we havre decided to offer it to Clubs and placo he gives adequate security, approved by theThe degree of Doctor of Divir>itv was conferred on the Rev. George Taft of. Pawtnoket. R. I., and the Rt. Rev. Thomas M. Clurk, Bishop of the Diocese of Rhode Island.C5<«unitteee at the following reduced prices. We be- should '' be restrained only by regard to the pub- make the Dred Scott decisio;I1 Are we now in- Mayor, Controller, and City Inspector for the a happy consummation. The truth is that thelieve that a thoroogh distSbntion of the Tax TKIBONX " lie good"—not the asserted rights or expressed triguing for the partition or subjugation of Mex- faithful performer ce of hia contract; in the next basis of all human commerce is Confidence. Byamoog doubtful voters ivEl have great inilaence in se- will of the slaveholders.' He proceeded to declare ico, prosecuting a murderot s fLUbustering raid in place ten per cent of ^he whole amount means of this admirable moral quality, men are en-rxiricg the triumph of the] fiejKibhcs-a oause, and we himself strongly . opposed to the extension Central America, or insisting on the acquisition at of his contract is withheld by ' the City abled to associate with men, and prosecute all the Hon. Isaac Davie of Worcester, Ma«je., and on the will thank those who Ihiijklikewise to aid us toward of* Slavery, therefore . to the Annexation of all hazards of Cuba? Mr. ketchum! you knowInspector till the e ad of the year, out of which hisjnaking such a diatrihuti* Teias, and referred to Dr. Channing's ' re- that all these sources"~and feeders of National "dis-TKRU8: fines and penalties are taken, and if he fails to doweighty affairs of life. Let the Breckinrielf. e party Bon. John Meiedith Read, Associate Justice of UM Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. jtherefore have Confidence, and all will go well. cent straight-out letter to Mr. Clay, as quiet and Slavery" agitation ire opened up by the the work prescribed for 24 hours beyond the stipu- Then they will not require that any number of J4> Copies, toeneaddnlf*^ 10 waeksfrom Sept. l.$3 expressing more fully his views on that subject. Slavery Extensionists, to whem you have at length lated time he is fined $5 a street; if for a second their men should be put on the Electoral tioket.'AccidentS >at!Newark.Ttt«« Cash, in advanos,Aiddress, THI! TRTBUNE, New-York." deaf to the voice of Humanity and Justice. We the Republicans are not responsible for the Sla- " should be self-eonvicted of the enormous crime of very agitation of 1860.as to the result than is felt by that great original ball entered her neck and her recovery is doubtful. . SB. i ' !. •••••~ m svirNKWARK Wednesday, Sept. 5,1869. The New-York American Protrsiaut Awoclatioo eft in the 5 o'clock traiaJand upon leaN-ing the dep** «achmember discharged 4 pistol from the cars. A col- " that lust of power and lust of gold had made us agitation concerning Texas ir 1844 ? If not, then duly notified of his neglect he still fails to do the and Mr. Olfctendorfor), and with no more anxiety ored woman standing in Market street was thoi. TasHe says- that,, if we should proceed to annex openly allied yourself. Were you and I, and those twenty-four hourb he leaves the work un- Then they will be able to vote joyfully for the pres- Texas, £ it would be thought, and thought justly, who "acted with us, responsible for the Slavery done he is fined $25 a street; and if, after being ent ConfuBion Electors (minus Mr. Huntington" having voluntarily given the greatest possible* " enlargement to an evil, which, in concert withThat is the'whole secret-(street and Third avenue, on of* Uncle Sam's patent letter Sec. And in 1839^ being again a candidate, and licans have-for years been doing. We have re- the Aldermen amend it long since. Did they not ready for the coming contest. " If we fail in this Fire and -Loss of Mfe.You say you want to give!paramount attentionto practical matters—to the development of our loss sustained by the city in his failure. If thi.Have Confidence!sue the sureties of the defaulting contractor for the/ Son: There is placed otLthe corner of Forty-second' " the rest of mankind, we had affected to deplore," National resources. That is just what we Repub ordinance is defective and worthless, why did not The paily News calls oq the Douglas men to get evening ingood health and spirits.THE KEW JL5TTER BOXES. 2VSWJ5aWsr_/TA«Ar. Y. Trlotw*.I ALUANY, Wednesday, S*pt- 5, i860. Martin, the Boeton Wherryman, arrived he* • ttosJbocM around a lamp-post as us ud, that lamp-post being so closeto the ourb stone, tha. a cart co suing along the other day came la immediate abolition of 81avery and the Slav,e-Trade Homes to settlers on the Pullio Lands. We have they ordered the City Inspector to advertise for "party discipline. Our gallant leader is already iu The lodging-rooms of the Catholic Orphan A^ytcmiVao-Pbr*, Sept. ^, 186©.^into the Union\he ar.swered: " I respond to bothi .eulturafand Mechanical CoUe^etj in every State ofply with the charter, so far as to make a contractUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 1306914 and the friends of the Union gather courage." was seriously injured by jumping from a winded. « i» reiM>rted this mornirg that the remaiua of on* enn*— T/ie Niws omits to make a rousing appeal to lave already been found lu the ruins.they may be apportioned, I care hot. If you think both sides are as follows:theirknowWebster's avowal, in his Niblo's Garden Speechin 1838, that the sentiment of hostility to SlaveryExtension had taken a deep hold on the religious New-York, Sept. 5, lf>60. Yours, HORACE GREELEY. contested; the residueare strongly Republican. sentiment and conscience of the country, and thathe fully shared in that sentiment. You know how X13E STBEKT-CJLEANINC^ CONXJftACT.against the Annexation of Texas, expressly becauseof your repugnance to Slavery Extension, and howyou both execrated Mr. Clay's Alabama letter ashaving unjustifiably weakened if not turned our highmoral position on that subject. Who can forget the nearly or quite. six months ago—^when, the Piscataquis to the Pacific implicitly confide inSCRANTON, Pa., Wednesday, Sept. 5, 1860. Col. G. W. Scranton was renominated jeetorday f«cCongress by acclamation.•t•.s»..•Renominutlon of the Hon. John JL. W. S t r a t t o n .TRENTON, N. J., Wedneeday, Sept. 5, I860. The Republican Convention or the lid Oon- greteional District, met he-e to day. It was lartjoly attended, hsrmonionA, and eothnHJastic ' Ex Gov. Newell presided, with a Vice-President from each ofthe four counties. John L . N . Stratton of Barlicgton, wa« then renominated by acclamation. He app-arei and responded to tb.e nominat on in an able speeoh, re- ferring to his votes on the Tariff, Hoaaeetead bill, Slaveiy qnesiion, &c, in Congn-es; also to tne orinci- pleB of the Chicago platform, which he fully indowed.thunder of Black Dan's brow at Whig Mass Meet-ings throughout that memorable "contest, as he preceding Winter! the citizens were clamorousmade resistance to Slaveryof that struggle, you always lpplauding and some- dermen. The contract was made in due form,times reecheing his. burning wo; ds ? Were you after being properly advertised, and awarded to It was proposed to give them four to Jthe Bellev- and he then contending that the Constitution was Lynch .& Co., the lowest bidders, for a term of eretts ten, ot rather eight; and to the Dougl*sites " made not for white men bu for negroes?" Was. five years, at, the sum of $229,000 per annum.xtension the keynotefor clean streets—|by order of the Board of Al-There seems to be trouble about the proportion to be assigned to the^Breckinridgers in making up the General Confusion electoral ticket in this State.twenty-one,- or rather twenty-three. But this willoeots. Sold by the Druggiw;* everywhere. your strictures fully and promptly. To this end, I it in behalf of,negroes and against whites that you All that remained to make it valid was the approv- not aneWer.. They are not to be put off with any Senator Ten Eyes: then addressed the Convention. Ad-CuREHUGii s JLLLU: UVE Wio is the perfection of avail myself of the fullest report of your remarks I made that glorious though unfortunate struggle— al of the Board of Aldermen. The contract was . 8uch shabby consideration. Why should they have journed.the Board, by a mandamus, to decide upon it. " Tbe fact is, that of all the-four portiei engaged la the Presi- years ago, you and I helped elect Gen. -Harrison the Constitution was made fo r negroes rather than Meanwhile, the work of street-cleaning has been dential .contest, the Bell-Everett party at the North Is much theoverwhelmedwith the accumulated filth of the•:••:the Americans and Old'Whigs who have beanoel* Everett's letters in full ii. Political Text-Book, p. Every one of these have been either defeated in believe, from first to last, and will end to-morrow to the Douglas leaders. It probably thinks tbef. ao >-it---.s•-':Theevening, at No. 5 City Hall; but would not allow conspicuous part therein. All the power and elo- sisted on squandering two months in mere slack- its general character may be inferred from, certainCommittee metquenceofHENRY CLAY wereexertedtotheut- most to prevent the success of this factious move- ment throngh the adhesion, toit of Southern Whigs; and, after it had been thus defeated, the Whig Legislature of Georgia se< wrely and *U but unani- mously censured John M. Berrien for having voted,jaw about Slavery and Negroes, before they would well-known facts. In the first place, here are re-sponsiblepeopleofferingtocleanburdirtycityfor $229,000 a year. * Mr. Delevan has already, ex- pended, ostensibly for this purpose, from Jan. 1 to Aug. 27,1860, $243,159 10, or $30,394 88 a month.BEOEITEDBT, MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.weather we have an increased consumption, of take her hard-1 von seat at {the council-board of coal, and a consequent increase in the quantity ofWASHINGTON, Wednesday, Sep. 5, THE i>E OROOT CLAIM.their names this morning at the National Hotel: ure, a swindle? Why do you not speak to the Deputy Health Wardens (oie of whom was the John A. Green, Gideon J. Tucker, R. M. Griffis,.and Breckinridge Democrats to defeat Abrahain are for Bell and Everett, is not the whole proced- spector's Department, and, some time ago, 22 Lincoln and (perhaps) elecfc Edward Everett ?.notorious Enright), were appointed, at the same M. McMahon, A. H. Miller, and J. O. Hasbrouot to vote for twenty-five Douglas men: we all know pay the latter officials^ holding that there is no ment of Mr. McMahon as Postmaster at Albany,middle of this month, wjien he will pirt himself at. being that no attempt should be made to disturb the dispoBi 1 of his political friends for service it sure them that tie Cagger-Brooks ticket is such a his snug little street-cleaning arrangement. And stumpiDg, until the close of the | Presidentisl" than negroes." •• , ; ,and Johnson. . Mind you! the discrepancy is not ly performed by the Police, and every one of themMr. Ketchum! I k n e w y c u when you could not have been goaded into so base a misrepresentationbetween you and me, but between you and them.might readily be dismissed and their salaries saved You try to get v«tes for the Fusion ticket as partly to our overburdened tax-payers. But with thefor Douglas, and will aidihis election alone. Theremy of Naples was greatly disaffected, and that them . the whole truth 1 rhy not say that you business to locate it. If the truth would jority who now rule in the City Hall. When, we court.', -. •{'.pated in the Missouri -struggle, which was settled•mdrawn that the contractor might, if he pleased,leave his work undone, and still draw his pay fromthe City Treasury. A notable discovery truly,aftersixmonths'incubation.Andyetthiscontract inalltheNorthernStatesthesaidpartywillgetanElectoralmast-head or which the nanus of Douglas and Johoao-i have hitherto appeared, come oat this morning in favor of Breckinridye and Lane. ••CoinmencciiicntatBrown Uni- v e r s i t y .PROYIDKNCK, Weaneeday, Sept. 5, I860.The following honorary degrees were couferrrd:The degree of Master of Arts to Thomas Ewiog, jr~ iChief Jubtice e'ect of Kansas; on Joseph Nataaoiel Woodbiioife of Naehville, Tenn., and on Joseph Hafl of Snffield, Conn.The degree of Doctor of Law was conferred on thewas made juat as 4 a s ordered by the; Aldermen, invote, except by fusing.with some other party, as they bawe done in New-York and New-Jersey."•Lwori, the Common Council may take summaryaction, annul the contract, make a new one, and Confidence Man, the Hon. W. Hunt himself.The Veketarlan Wherrytaan.asked by the Abolitionists whether he favored the peatedly pas«ed through the House bills to give Free know it was 'as defective six months ago, when " State, it will be for want of organization and TOLEJ>O, Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860.contact with ft and left it unned ossary to unlock it ia getting oatthe letters. Those who do not know the hole is there, deposit in the District of Columbia, and whether he was passed River and Harbor bills without number] proposals under it, as it is now ? Most assuredly " thethiokest of the fight. Wherever he shows him- cbfldren and one Sister of Charity are missuig, »0llVTMtheir letters for those who do I now to take them but again. ONE WHO TH1NIKS THE OLD W A Y BEST.in this city were destroyed by fire last ni^ht. Three opposed to the ac mission of any more Stave States W e passed a bill making ample provision for Agri- they did; but the truth is they never meant to com " self, dieunionism and treason shrink from sight, suppo8t»d tbey peribhed in the names. Another bisterTo the Associated'Press.W ASHINGTON, Wednesday, JSepL 5, I860." Observer," the Washington correspondent of The Japanese swindle before us, and the whole history N. Y. Times, was arrested to-day, at, the instaacs atdistinguished friends in regard to a union in that State. Vermont having renewed her testimony in favor The most prominent of tbe latter adv.ee to claim ternVL FBBDBKICK A- PIKB., —The I&t, Hid and Vlth Districts are sharply—REPULICANS OF MAINE ! your brethren fromyou. You will not betray their confidence !less than was given to Hunt and Duer ? Them ja 1 for contempt of the Supreme Court on the tax question, was nominated for County Clerk.'.' *»..New-York Polities.LOCKPORT, N. Y., Wednesday,.Sept. 5, 1860. The Daily Aaverti»cr and Niagara Weekly Demo-Democracy. But such cases are not very numerous. In very crat, tbe only Democratic papers m the county, at tho:'magistrate, and gave security for his appoaxauoe him .,-.^.> Li;-*Ufc^, *-<•• - _fr^J^&M-pmi^.;,,M& -':'y \'• ...^V^S^Sja*****''im. ,>-. • ••u-— is.www.fultonhistory.com• « 