 'Slaverywin, brand them as wilfully accessory to the murder of any vlcthna whom their boilers,tiie Oovermnent.thoughtofpub- —tUrtylkn* Statsa ahslltoiinasiuiit ^a^i^^id^ ^IttgHpsirsIremedy would direct especial attention. Among the1,018 boilers under inspection by the Manches- ter Boiler Association in 1869, 14 boilers were found to be in a dangerous condition and 100tliese rivers she is liruught into connection with that immense and fertile terrain, extend-of the great Italian schools between the thir- Ross's clotlilog store were burned, but toe were foods.point,anythingmightnotrepresentedbyItwmtf impetteet,to ta m heaid firom, fdls below theis ofor a1tef the Nell Honse In Cstoabaa. CoLCHBGS, Otiio, Wednesday, Nov. 7.' ' -a 'tStpM, requestedof St. Louispurporting•*>*s;*j»**»*>j«**<rrlFrio*, ia wnvpeo. Tke Bep«bllelta Admtnistratloii day a boiler blew up at New-Haven, fatally vicdence of fireahet, to assure his life and make a question, and there is no danger of its beingDub Citt isconoeraedflw WAuia «ieo^ ia:to which attention is directed. A for them the careful attention of all who wish makers are capable of using anything whichIMr. Lincoln'sand its relations to our Federal Gov- NotthOR^tfy^V^^ of the welcome extended to tka fthiaahyactivity \he people of this conntiy. There '.tg^jf^-:.^im lut vr' !>»*»]• tnttiy«iaw.«iom oOa dwMte hu^«i«Bi««i."&st^i.1-<!»« ma TraTiUUlttMUtopobltotod<»the8,217 live hon—**!». J. B&TXOKD "| 'persons.icseveral On the 24th ult—a litUe over a weekThe Fine at Arts are taking their place,sented in'this is not a baa to ijht^is gain to the Demtniiilai-ed in Mr. CiycaaLUitimmA, aa(H1iiHr.iiiiwi4iMiiiiiiiiiilhis Administtation so long as he carries out—andlight writeIi|aikaMtlie narantees of the Coii-stitution. In Washing-ton tlie opposition to the new order of things ap- pwts to nave centred in hostility to the Wide-yesterday morning jBfwJH.Dyamob, which destroyed the furniturethishein Mr. Jabvks' collection, some work which at least may serve to indi- cate truly the qualities of his genius, if it failswliose quarters Werewould be utterly superfluous.There can be no doubt whatever in the in an unsatisfactory condition from the frac-ducing regionsBy of the Northwest, and thoselt»f«rt of the victors, and with good-natured ac-commerce We needRaphael himself is present in a small but second engineer, three firemen aad cjp|'i^»» iiiM IIby the^vanquished.not state here far these natu- beautiful composition, which has ether than were instantly killed. The propeller sank to 11 fset ,howtmChina on thisStreams of immi-Ingoodnavigsfaleal^s.TilB^j Afe.jlaiiofthe Doonuday Book of the State of of the Union, and the reopening of the Afri- der, 13 pressure-gauges, inaccurate, 18 wa-continent.will also flow thither from the pent-uptt mtth«l»w«»»Friday,the 2dMls-joinfl>eseeedi]«80Bnit .<>MMi|rS'' retnnia are all in, tbfr pe^tieB tt-^(fc00k, ITMr-Twk Citr-NowthattkeelectionisDisunionistsoftheSouthwillreceivenomore Mobileaid and ooo^rt from the opponenta of the people.Itepoblican futj in the Northern States. It ago, a boiler explosion occurred at Lee, and men that they could run faster, jump higher, last, among the serious elemento of onr na- a Demociat. Waa*tM» TtMet—ofthe shotild at once remedy Oppositionm»-ltAaic T«sii-and sidewalks—how to aave first Cost. quality are dictated, isjlNdeb of having built a city, than is the West-development''^^Ytri, a work intended to contain a com- can Slave-trade. On thesehe will make one hair's-breadtht af the"la Tolnraes of which, as fostpointster-guages,gallery pictures, which may at some future deserve a name and theregisters of the residenu•le to becomeSddaty. Valnable additions werefunflfand 22 furnaces out ofbjrdonations,andaletterwas ftem Gen. Bscoc, of the Prince of Wales'iMltB, •ekoowledging the satisfaction of the royalon pemsal of (he resolntions with passedcocks,the population, speakingwill contain a vast greatand we trust that our cousins, the Athenians of the East, will bear him naSItfbdelphia,be,cent, inrlAmy Iland,partynmsace to their visit. Hon. Wk. B. BkjlD, of erty,them as such wherever itsguagerepresenting.prop-any shape.mosaic of nationalities than any daytheor in;andof the human race. During the last decade106place among collections of the world. We wish him' sa Bogd ware directed to draw a new indirect influencesincecame into servicerequireadequately to portray. Theearlyhappy^.'^"^^^^'^^"ate of the rights and interests of the Southern the rupture of boiler plate, there usually fol- from earth in quest of ideal beauties." Nearly great masters." At a house in the Fifth-to the shop, wasall moveables woe takes oat of ttaa.F;.-ia«aiTedsaying,by poetartist,competitorsLetthelaatanddrawn thither annually.liTKrthe engineertheyon the word trf an honest Mormon, to doIt nnder tke sanction of Ihe M (oai of flJOO was appropriated for ainseparablefrom to arrest boilers which were not only bought at the it,he can for and to make their coadilion ato ther-'-r^sIMt'^lBMrwaabnskecM iMRS^MaMaef aUelaasaalBpect.d»^ IftheowMworMBan<*dlperfect;a field so_, andHopaWf «B|rfct>lBa: ih»gmwB out. of (h* attaw^« toaat—*» *»benatttwaliMlt andmakett•rta Liw Stock Markets have beso T«»y oder- xdaiea hia beUef that by the arrest and defeat they beltere, thaw tairftte daugltteta wffl ^f* 9'ortheweekpast,"loetofOedrev- ofthatattempt •Mr anq^ to to hiwe dutfaig ejectioncaothUooewr. Tmat least make some dukw of caattoa \ij aob-nooeeaaioBtomh^STtrtrigtiweek It so happenedwanted, as there was a large snrploa on hand fromallayed.10c., and the general average of all sales stand-public, proprietyThe vote la PeiiB9l««Bl« aad dUa ||4^Ymay elevate to the highest office in their gift.of this decision.ing at aboDt 81c.Milch Cows, of the better grades, advanced $3®as he sets out on the journeys of the coming Win-fl>., eatimated dressed weight.traveler,—$5 TSheep,were quite scarce, and 37^ ®fiOc. 4^ bead hlglier. Live hog* are In brisk demand at ^.®|c. highPT rates. None left unsold yesterday.Speculations as to the composition of his Cabinet can have no value whatever, because, we presume, Mr. Lincoln himself has given no thought to the subject as yet. There are arerymndiastf "the IBABe-y-* irilItead. Veals were a trifle higher, and scarce.Steam Boilerter, in view of the rotten boilers andthe cinder plates and tinder appointments of ships without bulkheads, and the destructionhesitatewhethertoreoatalaUmoolB'a TlewB oa fiUarery.(orer.wdqH probsbfy be too much to expect that theBay, killing and l itally injuringSt.LoalsTercBBNew-York.It used to be the peculiar boast of WesternOld Plctnres aad ModemBayers.osgaoatheiognstice (hey hwe done the Republicans, in reiireaenUng them as aiming at Uie libera-4injuringothers.tion of Sonthem slaves.no Atrther interest in concealing from their;and without many exceptions,-elect upon the subject of Slavery, and the Issues whidi have been decided by this campaign.may exacQygreat future Porkopolis, and that Porkopolis the c^iital of a sovereign State. If Manhat-become in the commonplacestrict, made a aoA eradit^ile very strongBut they can hareundersaloons,warehooaes prouderofhavingfoundeda'state,norAlix- —power is requiredderrate thepermanentimportanceto the na-ed by CLAmxT Mr. Witfaibui, the»ttt-M*Mmulmaa Bumow.CM^BUXn, lRbto>» Salooie-KiDonAa misleading the public mind on these points. that the only safe and reasonable ground toglqpfypo•and ofani striking descHptionpiJaU^Like ail other citizens, they are interested in take about them is that they are never acci-—— -XOwl -WmiUMKt rui Galubt the preserration of the public peace and the dental that they can alwayt be preventedAmerican eagle judiciously invested, has often, under the enchantment of speculation,into a fortune, ofwealthinviewofthisromantic feature of the West,Where numerous cities decorate the land.With scarce a house to show you where they stand."The last sLxty years have exhibited an aston-of cities,confidonet aTthsJSTOR-PuiCE—Ks. Di CossoTA'a THE DAY.positiveOf Saw- Tfime* thp—and granted, except upongallery, or a school ofdesign.The more pro- of the district.I--"-^perpetuity of the Union take it forto the most irre-that in they are,more nor lessl-^rhieh we are enabled to ever willingly disturb the one or endanger the quite impossible. On this subject, the_ Kifamond informs us that private to form a judgment as to the tenor of Mr. Lin- the outside public will recognize as iron, wecoln's Administration, and especially of that shall observe where we stand as to the orig-of another, navigable almost 8,000 miles fur-ther." Thehave been received in thatthe Federal office-holders in Charlestoncity,ely resigned their positions when they large class of men who have been led to re- inal quality of the beilers which strain and'the nsult. In Tirginia, where the gard him as ultra and sectional in his hostility simmer above, around, and beneath us in our •tSl obtains to a considerable—the Missouri and Mississippi is situated St.Louis, surrounded by a rich agricultural coun-merited tribute to the reality of this success,and to the good faith of the earnest amateur loss on the buUdbig Is $1M,000insured«ie,Ma. Tkato Slavery. No one who will read these ex- daily walk.-ii, our correspondent informs us tracts carefully and candidly, can requiA any But the gradual deterioration of boilers is;t to- not regarded with any specialloss on fdrniture isinsured giA,aaOL&inoTe excitement than atlential struggle. In Maryland the tri- Administration will pursue. Even hia inau- And to this and its detection and wemaster in;any pre- itf ]fr. Lincoln appears to be regarded wiihmil with adeternimation tofurther as8urances,tLS to the course which hisiClau's shoe stare aaladdress can throw no additionalteentli and the seventeenth centuries, who ismoiitly saved. Odeon Hall was damaged. Tke total loss is $200,000 to (300,000.Another Btoaoi-Bailer Ezptoaiaa. VIVX PEBSOKS CILLKD.guraluponor say in advance of his accession to office,.\J^nke*taaaiMkeTwise damaged the premises. Svery- miclfl of any man, that Mr. Linxoln regards ture of plates, while there were 44 cases of stretches away to the Middle States, while thejusticeheiglit—(j4lk ti>e usoal demonstrations of enthusiasm on and that it should be dealt with as such by rosion, besides other defects. One explosionler Mohawkwbets at the North and West the news is received as a Slaveryexplodedsocial andthe Federal Government, in every instance only occurred, instead of perhaps 20 whichandmoral,politicalevil,dangerousand 153 cases of cor- unsatisfactoryraerew steamship Vi^o, which left Liverpool where it is called upon to deal with it at all. must have taken place, without tliis rigid sys-iitfltT«ns of the 17th and Queenstown on the On this point there is no room for ques- tem of examination. During the month of1 at this port yesterday. The Pertia —Bia oi ten days later date. The screw tion,Sdvtburg, also from Liverpool and his official action. The whole influence of Association made 765 visits, and discoveredare modified the use of rail- circumstantial evidence to offer in support of of water. Her apper works are badly shattowd, hatand there need be no misgiving as to October alone, the examining engineers of this n, Birivod vesterday. She left the lat- the Executive department of the Government, among the serious defects which were ata rival west of the " Fatheradmiration and tostudy.Exhibited for the::i^'pHt on the 2Sth ult.'.-.^JfclB was &,meetingof the Historical Society.-the Pacific Railroad is present in the manner of galleries in general, she will become the great distrib- this collection is destined by its owner to awhile in his hands, will be thrown again-st the once remedied, 12 cases of corrosion, 15commerce of India and more enduring place in the public inter-evening, at which Dr. Osoood read extension of Slavery into the new Territories of fracture, 38 safety valves out of or-est of New-York. It is his purpose, as we understand, to fix it in our City as the nucleus of a genuine national ofThe Cumberland River is alsoBoats are plenty for Cincinnati, Loulsvllla, St lAids, ClarksviUe and Nashville.ConvictioB ef Byeriy for Vargiaanoto coercion fromHe does not accede to the alleged decision of 31 withoutthe Court that the Constitution Supremeplaces slaves upon the footing of other prop-compromisenorthere glass water-guages,yield any quartergerous,were 50 boilers withoutshapepresents stranger contrasts, aitd a more genuinel^raih:y-ato upaiatss in Ward School Mo. 14 in the perpetual, and to place it in precisely the same mercy of raw laborers who never attempt tothem, peculiarly happy one.Special ^mmutee appointed to investigate the action ofhe will be firm and immovable—breakagesoas mostcommoncircumstance,andbecauseon Monday ntaht How me fire "fg^^J^J*^ time the flames were diwovandUlp Evenmg School Couunitteegranted,to pat it beyondsection to change Us purpose.this fracture is usually the end of theparticularly flagrantofthefacility"ev ginld to th* (hct Weto chSck themf In^addlUon,ijpMnBMndmgtheclass orthat the Arca- dian Fair Grounds, in the language of the re-"the presented a report amending of the statuteofhopeUpon all other points his speeches justify nsfirstmatter, we think very lightly of the multitudeat work, des-.SlZSf^w,*'"f^' ?^,'^* '-'-atkiP CThibits the following resultshi (he rear of the Jattto.A long row of dwellings located «utoero4ud"'^ "««''for1 Qt Hie Board.B^ht- of thatcountryiHHtfit"commutation, $:).;is.inorrapt spiritssoaredon fire, a^buttlielr destruction was prevented by ths Bost ctrenuous and unceadng tabor. ^^J., ,,__._^ a and CouncUmen hod no quorum4^1fat evening, and a^ioomed to Monday evening. '4" Dr. WaWOS, President of the Academy of Medi-lows an and we are all aghast at the explosion,avenue, under the cover of aofa*JL^rersaryMeeting' ' Aa mi of the Historical -Society, in Second-inex-asto be the work of«J?-^^" aveooe. The subiecf of his discourse was, Thepersevere should fail to become theCharacter imiiioded, and{' ~greatlymetropolis remain theBonntogton, Tt. a dWancs of toe f«t.r'~=rjft th 'gine Company No. t were gMoroissty Ita-oftheTruePhysician." ItwasSlavery unconstitutionalandun- juninationand Immediate repairs, no verycitizens andifsheof the Union,At »J» o'clock, a messenger "??-SS«honpe-copy, forWhile he power to abolishfearful results generallyon motion of publication.Dr. J. M.occur from letting de-eleTM'„^'S F.C.wun^^^^g„,e Marine Court yesterday an action brought^veryin the fect show itself in failure, as In case of vehi-Commissioners ofNura- endi"e Nov. 7Thereof causes which areas lovely as were ever delineatedcurrent inSbieosmaU dwellings occuplea by employesals»after the snttal election,withsome^>-gS^lhe'^^ "ST^i^t;constantly troying the texture of the metals.port, arepass compositions of theinstitution,at cespurchasersbuy,origin- ploymentofaforcetramppoured npoD it __. ^n^iatBhsd tothe tendency to makeSlaverynational and lowest figure, but which are at the exclusiveTweMy-iintWard. Arequiattionwasdrawnuponthe OomptroUer for $100,000. Tbe sum of $1,400was appropriated to make certain.alterations in the Republic, and in the view of the founders of them when pointed out and explained. The Primary Schools No*. 23 and 24. TheenterpriseAgriculturalwhose exhibitions have becomeGbxat FlBB AT HoosiCK FALLS.—The mowtogwhocouldnotthe Government. On this we take it for of iron fixtures and structures is a paraswellasthetalentofthepaintersof excellence tlie Fairs of the Union. The may be instantaneously appreciated. It wasposition which it held in the early days ot the point,discover defects, andrecognizeAssociation,pictures,but the other day that we commented upon aWAiisa A.Hooslck Fall., was destroyed by firf,«S^»TM^known, but by ttc that it hii «>greatheadwaythat he will be tolerant and consider- States, to the utmost extent which any manButafterwhen their$30,000 have this year been expended in pre-cashinregardto the—^^^SH^just.believes thatCongress has the District ofsheof the West.atleast,Conductorthe Police Mpattment by the street- Columbia, be is opposed to its exercise unless des, imirfements, and any machinery, exceptof equal credit would draw tniyers together St once by an sxtra«>"^^„ "^tos ^''f^^^t^ eompa^r,FAVUaiB, tea Hat^a^ teiffet for tiie defsDoaots. The No- habitants and with naiiirftta Ooort of 0«aenl Sessions wasimprisonment,majority of the in-that ofrailwaysafford to risk the ruptureiron which in almost any other service might fail harmlessly enough. The most rigid scr—u-at work at oace. "P°" (h» tostwttoa "^SSKughanyanysimplethough we can hardly supposeSlops of L. C. BALI, and Iif"^njMa,JtoBi.tw» adioining, were consumed, together wHhun- delivered a lecture, on the occasion ly sovereign over its own affairs, and denoun- precedented or unexpected about them.theandanwere found tocan ask. He holdseachState to beterrific results, as if there was anything While it is always more economieal,miumsto ;from ailof thepossessor,on Government to interfere withany attempt Southern States, asthe part of the Federalenterprising in this course,complete-parts of >4tranger8the west end being burned, and oomBBinicaMojiotwtoin the the long run, preventdisasterby rigidals," picturesartists whose genuine paintings are so well known and so esteemed that theirhighlyalone,agitatiottrarelyttwy do praetioe—tifl ibeyaMagv^miewttit^oftm- iona tatiht^Btagner,taA tiiat he intends toanother at Lowellwas another atits man andMeanwhile boilers are multiplying whereverday Lately,they oughtsistible evidence to the contrary, that no man less management. That either electricity or "whom a constitutionalof the Ameri-majoritycan people may elect to the Presidency, willWalakCity. Besides its intei^st iu a |imin(ji|iii:fact, nothing material, malconstruction,saic are not, for that reason, the least'—report given by ita special conaapaaiMit aC-The causes of boilerhavtf been""and the New-Orleans,before there each one kUiing;daybut'ITKey sustain the first tidings There can be no sort of difficulty In ascer- en an unanimous opinion, sustained beginning of the century, a result to which the grown insignificant,have opinions concerning by the most conclusive experiments.HPestnmeljr meagre,other. chemists of leadingishinggrowthalready largeatthesleetian of Hessrs. Lihcolh andDm fint wQd estimates ofuniversal of steam, the influx of nent features of the national industry and applicationcount of its* cordial andtaining Slavery ernment,over-eeand by the Bepublican tion will be. Though he has taken small part earth. And there can be too little hydrogen gas^ it «Ma to bt expected, seriously.—tone and character of his Administra- attachments conduct what there is to theof artistic capitalshavegrownapace,whilesecondand amongusmeritstheattentionandtheassist-initwhichindicataalaekofBa dwat tpuOaasages informationaeoaoHa ii6»,^jgiid.^erb «ffl felt in the contest at in public life hitherto, he has had occasion made in a boiler to cause an explosion, whilegeneralthe lelatiTe strength of very frequentlythisthird-rate cities have remained stationary, orto declare his sentiments on what is made will not without there population of the countries in which they are cerned the improvement of live stock, or the stances. Although the letter teSat to 'tktSiHV«OMi!gia and Aikuaas are unex- ^ tip him. Kr. BBiCKUrRu>as isread what he has said or written, without thethe facts andInvolved,since no-West, have fallen considerably below what bring to this City, the great natural emporium appear iu her great charaoter of Csiiue. B wa| toe8nTaaa has resulted in a he never, in athat preparedBut, Indeed, she is excelleat thronghoat, aadftb d*- ficuU to pimise one seen* above iietoT.and that, too, in a form at onceexplodefrom without admitted to it, aftersituated.The late census shows that while New^-Yorkextension of the Iron trade.We have a good word therefore to say,event in onr interestIt wiH still b«i«tfirt|i to _.Ioxygenfor any one to listen to Mr. Lincoln, or to the explosive compound. Without detailingishiatoiy,onlyisthere too littleelectricity;ance of the public mind, quite as much, to put only shared the general Increase in wealth and the matter on its lowest grounds, as if it con-subject,limt^ lb. B>LL appeals iiksly to have gained definite and calculated to inspire confidence in which the steam would prevent ignition, even and St. Louis have increased in size and and we say it cordially for the intelligent en--iJMi^&ini ani ettsBtntive sentiments in that sec-rand '^iginia, while returns his entire sincerity. Indeed, it is impossible if there were heat enough present to ignite wealth far beyond anticipation, other cities tcrprise which has led a citizen of Boston, al-.Instance, stoops to mis- sional opinion, or rather, belief,impeachable fairness and courtesy. He ex- pressure, or of the inability of the boilersingle or tois,^ simple,Louisians that theirf griBof on* in New-York, and pertiaps swerves one hair's-breadth from the most un- in itself harmless rupture due to over- metropolis not only of the West, but ultimately> of five members, compen- in IMawaie. The Administrationconstruction,undignified retort,orallexplosions beginwith theandcityof cities, and that this the tenth Christian century from the ample Mr. C^BUocK vrill be toe Utraum, mi Ika -tlttI eightand four £nhb theurged,part,connected with the oceanChristian Art. Through six centuries of that from Philadelphia, for the isiniusa, to Jvlitt. Mrs. BowBBS is an actress it wsilimembers four from ;of the Union.It ison theirthat a central in-treatise on the and origingrowthof modem eaged Mrs. D. F. Bowan, wto>'.perpet««l,-«ttdtadr prsetleewMthat fswer animals wereCka our previotts over-atockad maiketa. The total reeeipta avowedly aim at the extension and nationaU- inspection, the public should; and we hope it hie apeecheie the basis of hia administratton ofThe number of persona who openly and jecting their boQen to fl«qaent and competent make the prino^dea and opinions set fbrth inzation ofaside firom them we see, in Mr. Ldtools's de-clared^pinioos, no reason why any considerable exploding, may kUL And that there are hun- partly because he lias nothing new to say, and_ __ji« Sir FiTB Do"-*"' eral weekly market, beef cattle advanced Ic number of the American people should withhold dreds of boilers certain to blow up, no intelli- partly because he sees notliing in the condi- of the Northwest will naata w i^,«r toi«^£ itat all the Ci«y yards, fbr tike week enfinr yester- >C»5J^) b vaMtoli^ en^ day, Bumberad only 3,061 beef cattle, 104 milch eowB,CS6TaalcaIvea, 8,341' sheep and lambs, andis But comparatively smalLHe has nolishing any letter or address on the subject,to tor.wocCiuTtag, >(inU tkm itoar » to ManMn(to MidtU eiatf wSi eottm t»nmmmt»total, 18,164, against a total the pievioos wew of. S0,119. At yeaterday'a gen-,^the local matiuts, the best animals going at to every man whom the American people ject, wUl dare toB)., net weight, from the low figures of from him that liberal confidence which is due gent person who is at all familiar with the sub- tion of the country to caQ for such a step. ttseu:aartaiiJm, '•x,Explosions. inst., a boiler of thebridges,Onsiasippi steamer H. R. W. Hill exploded, in-Europegiv-fromincidents intopromi- it will be read with specia)gold, and the mania for speculation have commerce or in inferring from them what the generated, but the metal of the boiler and its mainly contributed. Most of the Europeanposes the sojdiistries of his opponent with to carry the ordinary pressure. While a part landpaUtasianlttedtodielossofoneinDela- greatacnteneaa andforce, andbearsdown ofaboilermaybefivetimesstrongerthanthe meansofariver,likethatofLondon,Paris, patientai)dmarvelousprogresswhichdivides fame,andwillwtHrlMlypisgrtoeImpottaAnti-Lecomp-iW'aat^deiegatioos.so fares report- upon his positions with resistless logic. 3ut he ordinary force tending to rupture it, (this is Rome and Pekin, is moA conducive to the the tentative and timid religious designs of has undertaken. Mrs. AasaBouwill beed tie Onbematorial vote in this evadesanotheroneor onegrowthanalogyfect degree than of any other city in the coun-characters will be sustained bj- Mean. San Dteic^HAH and the regularmeaters of toe inaBpaiij.Ab Bxtnt Ttmtf ItAfiiies tn rBlllhiah.Fsai KBAtoOT, Sbr.r. WadBeiiar>in thisFteriectiOD of Mr. BiiurAkff as Judge of thethe expansion of painting in telegrams. Boto rider iftd bans wen tsatsbd^Ase- ghidualany goint Hm BapoUican vote on whole (one andplateor arupturing, from the first, and may at lastand glorious picture-poems of the age of Ra-phael, Mr. Jabtks' has indefatigable assiduitypursued the delicate thread of human genius.totat.It ifltWf'ia alseincomplete,butthereistry.Rivershave,indeed,beenthegreatcivllizers uponsystematic result.waysof(henatfais. TheyreachHneixfMendly the principles which have presided over to-day. IttookalsoacnaiMsrableaBaibarefjitwismanHis idea was tother GoairtiJeHX H.lfoCimr as Cfty Judge, than Mr. LtNCOLN.moving high-Bepid>lican8topossessforCallfomla,IeflliereforCaisoaTal]ByatI<never deals in invective ; he never dodges or the common proportion of actual to workingmade him,—and the againstof hisrather that of a judge, solicitous only for themetropolitanholds true of St. Louis in a moretempertrutli, than of a partisan seeking a politicalspeechesplate,We know noedness, of n'ental as well as moral integrity, the qtmUty of the best boiler plates which isman of the who evinces the great qualities of. fair-mindat a minimum destruction with it.total There is a dt&rence in*victory.publicdayyieldpressure, carryingof the world. have. been the Thejstrip single rivet, may be so defective as to be on the point ofstrength,)part, single jointper-blow-offvalves, 12 without pressure-guages,pressureand 4 with fusible plugs corroded.boilers which are under constant inspection.almost almostlan-manyboiler-full of difficulties. The concurrent of the most conspicuous critics and connoisseurs of England, Italy and France, of men- like Rio, Rcskin,65 without back- perfect other inPirmaiLrmA, Wadaesday, Kor. 7. Bteblt, convicted of forg^ electioD retons to all success in the execution of this patriotic the Fourto District, hai been saoteneed to two aadaThese areeveryevery varietyconception;half years' imprisonment and #300 toe.deny.On the whole, we advise theThe theTffl-lTiitrgrtHiianMnliifln we do not doubt, wHl acquiesce in tell where it wlllslspi.''— stant^killingthirty-ninepersons. Thesame oftrainsbythealternaterigidityoffrostand greatmanyconsiderationstoenterintosuch oftheNorth^eat"wIBKaequrttfji Blr.injuring wetrustthe theday inhispeace with Heaven.decided without mature deliberation.Oiree or fourboiler of the tow-boat Baltic explodedThe nextdive and more bark in a deeper, peelany other individuals under the sun. however, material progress has become thetional industry and commerce, and on material grounds have earned a right to the attention of political economists. The moral-special object of.£neas wasnot ist and the statesman are never likely to un- Democrat, carries flie M^triet ao# M|glorification.^~«(f|^^'candidate in thisreaders, the real sentiments of the President the principle upon which their proportions and ern settler who " reckons " that his quarter human capacity, and it is uanecessary his ability, industry and acqoaintaneatestThey hare nothing to gain now, certainly, by so thoronghly investigated within a few years, tan Island was once sold for $26, and an Beautiful, like Sir Edwabd Bclwxb, with a of the latter proved too strong for hisg.' ^ffiathan badhydrogen gas (the only gasor reck-that can be set freeIf^^uB hiii^ismin a boiler,) can be a cause of explosions, istbe of the Prince erf' Receptionl»4laexplosionsmissiontheagainstexpandedwhy,indeed,despair"•'•Near the confluence of these tworivers— Eastlake and Bccci, is a brilliant, but well-BaralBCThe entire Neil House was consumed. Thetry, and within a few milesofprobalily the leading cause of their failure. mines of coal and iron. By the former of really illustrious or importantMountains.the latter is opened to her the great grain-pro-ing to the base of the Rockynotand that of her sister cities.distant areas LowerMississippifurnishesanoutletforherby roads, but there is no prospectral advantagesof St. Louis the claim which Mr. Jabvks makes for it toit is believed that she can lie raised and into ImmghtportCsndltiaa ef OUe and CaPAssissspao,Ya.,B.AHaO.R.Taaama,t Wednesday, Nov. 7. >The Ohio River at this point is twenty feet desp.being eclipsed by ofWaters;" andwhencompleted,uting point of thedefective, 10 blow-off cocks, dan- grationmillions of Asia; and the city which now—Rev. Mr. Sioth, familiarly nidmamed Jo BiciTH, Jr., seema determined that thewmld ctmmemorative of the fifty-sixth anniver- least degree, governed or controlled by it in state of several hundred boilers in this City tion. Her citizens boast of the largest hotel City" of Gotham for its achievement. The ulti- shall bear In mind the ftct that he is a son of awas announcedextendsnor will heJust think of itill-will for selecting themate consequences for good of such a design, prophet. He has recently put forth tenders. In toeloTAeBociety.J of the Board of Education, lastandpowers hjscarried out to triumphant realization, wouldshape of letters, to the fair sex, requesting theirto deliver the ad- jurisdictionin thethe direct them that have never been looked at by anpower, personally debate, Om President and exercise of the.jalMBOrtof laat rear was disavow-officially, byof office and—in 1859.These ideas have been suggested by thegreat Fair of St. Louis, the fourth annual re- port of which we have before us. It is theprotects"we should like to know the his Executive action. He will do all in his that are not inspected, and of the scores ofgreat and wicked;;St. Louis hasin the world, and are said to have expendedin $8,000,000 buildinga volumeimmediate effect upon the commercial aspect of the Fine Arts of a collection so admirablyentrance to hishome, and promisiBg, th* botoyet fully explored.gsunedperpopula-inexliaustibleBlikii's jewelry store any RicHAKSS' dry Koods storethanpnielyand especially the rivals of St. Louis in the ready well known in the world of art, toWlNTBB aABDBH.— To«ightprinciples^ia-ij^itivwait, North Carolina and firmestfaithinhissincerityandcandor. His thingshortofacompleteessayon'thesubject was expected of them. WhyNew-York ofAmericancommerce,andthe naturalcen- thispersonationtbtoabsertablitoedhersotedaifMa*DovoLAB prevails in His- speeches carry with them the most conclusive would enable the unprofessional reader to con-ter of all our national activity, his collection ofto this country and to Kngtpnfl Motolag eeaaai^—^#^rifiQ»ib.illAbat reports from the othershould contain nearly a million of inhabitantsber acting in that scans wkeie toe Maiii^ deera^«revidence of his honesty and good faith. Dur- vince himself, it is sufficient for present pur-ing all that long debate with Judge Douolas poses to mention that the very best profes- to admit the claim of the St. earlier masters of Italy. Mr. Jamss J. Jabvis, that where she does "remember aa a^eOwstoy-"weall cancomprehend andwearenot ;yetgenuinepicturesof thementisamKNinoedtoherbyFVisrZmimm*,'iarlahave beenp^tapxt, lodge TlLSHOsms as Justice of the justice of his opinions, in a higher degree consider that cheap plates are made, which, of the world's commerce still passes through his result to set the story of this expansion run Is ffpsclfd to be quicker than any enr y*tCitydecidedarmsfaroverthecontinent. Theoldmigra- tions crept slowly along their banks, and much[^^^imujr as Becorder, Smith Bit, Jr.,Weabreaktheir channels..;of carrying 6^,000 poundsSymbolism upand of a sincere and profound conviction of fearftl^nongh-'to contempliitebut when weto Art and orated with ribbons, lto5, and thejr dsfortsd aMM to* ;publishmorningvarietyfomlaas this can be done in Thursday, 8tb, and Sunday mondng, Uth, are ithisofex-inch, willinto pieceslines. The J ponlesIeaviiyStI BcBWAmswiiXUWl, as Supervisors, tracts from Mr. Lincoln's speeches, in which heavy blow from a hand-hammer, and thatif not somagnificently,rasK as Register,r (tftlie trtamph of the Bepnbltcans hasthere are thousands of steam-engine ownersdouble qulck.tlme, here for the maSif callingfrom the mines in goodly numbers.t ^his views upon every point involved In thepresent canvass, so far as Slavery is concern- who are willing to risk everything to save ed, are stated with great clearness and the first cost, who^ invariably get the cheapestthe of the old World. grandest galleriesIt is indeed, to see how rich a suc- surprising,telegraphic dates.The coach of the Westernbut of coorae it emotions in the variousshipsStage Cosapaay,sniprise,given portions fiootb Carolina is natarallyh^which left Omaha Monday morning with the malls and a fiill complemeot of passengers and ezpresa matter, pasasd here early to-day. Weather mild, with tok^u of rato. The Pike's Peak pilgrims are hastening boto toaadmostfrankness and candor.We askworkand, moreover, that tooexclaimedAmericans,insteadsquareto theunder aA few years ago a number of American and English gentlemen were travel- ing in company, when one of the latter re- marked that there was a river in England upwhich could sail sixty miles. "Why!"visiblydents of art in America ascheeringofaIkcgeaqi.eathoslaaliegatkariag. tJils made between here and the outer statloa of Iks Oal-position,byIs destined to be theone of theour country a stream up which you can sail nearly2,000miles,andthenreachthemouth testimonyThe Ohio todo fullto thepowers.DsTBon, Wednesday,of the and Mechanical adapted to educate the taste of the purchasercitizens have erected for these occasions a building larger than the Coliseum at Rome,re- with the free assent of afull compensation to thepartl^rany other citizen. It probably did not take and the public judgment made familiar with Sf/, |?m^" m_muffiJ___ .t opened, yesterday,'-^iuvatShomn, but soon after gave evi- looking towards placing negroes upon a foot- are never examined at all.I in prices, which, on £s Share ing of social and political with ** cent, lower than on equalityiOara was active and ras transacted inis deterioration,andBskewtU, r»8e^j£'i'Sl^opposition to negroand toinstead of which nine-tenths of all our boilerssuffrage,everythingquiteat the theo- him half as much as the news of the genuine prodnctioaa of an art which can- by surpriseof boUer plate—of have aat Springfield, Illinoia, of the reception of theiere employed '»^J'^SM^«b«thByi«jrt«i«•-Md ye*t«>d»3gby Jodge BirascLL, owners of the slaves.iofmiaorjuiportanee were disposed of. be effective in its operation. He declares his tiny will sometimes overlook fatal defects coln. He seems to have received it with lic which la thus exposed to deception, would on"He asserts the right of to tlie thaitd Jniy, after which a va- the South to a Fugitive SUve Law which shallnews of the election and its result by Mr. Lin-»"S'ii^"fb&^^'SoJH. aad he toPeople may undertake to sneerTnaaday flie whites;—but he asserts for them a ries and ded uctions of scientific men, and to his nomination ;—but neither seems to have not be extensively developed in any country,late o_M.jor Thomas D- Carnwl. C-ftMl^I Central 83}«82f la Money of civU late steady, peifeet equalityweked by a further ad- kaowlodgBS 4he difl—icultiesonboiler Urn in the least, or to have Inter- without drawing to itsdf a constantly increas- Kv died of dropsy, 8.tardayj_aM»a.Wtotoae*«t,disturbed Nicholas Lo'Xf^^'i^'SlLflfT tdaptessedandunsettled,rl^ttsnndertheConstitution. Heac-explosions. Onething,however,theymustruptedtheusualquietandeventenorofh^ingshareofthecoitalandthethought,asoneoftheorig«MwJ»P»^«*^«Mand personal insist on the impenetrable mystery ofthe admit that the metal ofsurrounding; ^frankly confesses (Jhat he aeee no way of bringing it to a safe andto exposed way.Untitled Document"" Old A»« is not an excitable man, well aa exertiag a constantly increasingand the CompsMJ»W "5^que^on of'Sbiverycauses ofand weak vessel will not resist a certain Ourboilers* A»««tta»-r'and that amost profound influence upon tlic Ml. iuiQOLn tastes gml ohuacter of the people.habitsreal estate lortgss.oi«J»lK»»'reportthousandsaresale, The other end was saved by the con»Bto«- cutoff.will,backVto hifcrmnames in the catalogue of any European sale He iiniedtatelyjomided M al^f^-Sidoijntionalcharacterof thisofeverydistrict, ^eeennadisection be in the centre of some to insist upon considerations which have public affiUrs. Wuxiauok, in the hiwat dla-month it is towho undertakes the of a a the esteem and inauguration statue,and aid in the healthyinfluence which canHe has workedand aimed at m iiluatntaevery progresswho has achieved it. There is scarcely one#40,000Alus A Awls' shoe store :of his CiHADLK and Giotto cease here to be mere names to the untraveled American artist, andNov. 7, The Western TrsnsportatiMi Company's propeT-instancewith which the real value.of works of Art cannow be misrepresented, and the most extrava-gant assumptions made toTOt—~--Queen Cityand vessels. Bnt we cannot Thi Niws AT Me. Lincoln's Horn.—We from all parte of the continent Transactioos nlshed by the Troy aod B^^J^th. KSSiLUSifrom our Special Correspondent of this kind, which do an equal wrong to the gotof the ftcW^"" ^"^^'s^fc*auctioneer, who has no choice but to aeeeptin P»v«a««»fthe assertions of his principal, and to the pub-as much coolness and complacency as soon become impossible, were the publfe eye cosQiuenclng. to-aaj^^ operaBoos, a»l. hLB J^ofeoa-Wood, bat the teaadal large B, and of every distinguished orator vote proves that he had a atraagteUt'^lecturer whoseand significant aspects' of the question of na-tional esthetics. It is a good thing in itself, and in its consequences for the State, that the creation of works of art at home and the importation of them from abroad, should haveYobk.Wecc^yfrnnfiieand well-selectedafter years of devoted study and research, hassucceeded in forming a gallery of paintingswhich may fairly be described as a historical to the pabUc Intbeboat possible master, IChristendom frombefore the of all lovers and stu- eyes" we have in cess has rewarded Mr. Jabvks' loyal labor inidea,AnextraPonyExpieaswltotheaccuratelyat least,telegraphmitk tit Hem-Knglaat Statu, aad iscarcelyet^apB.I1—» RicEPTioHorTBInqracM]na, birtbe otherwiae oader ' theconcerningWto CVBUMM, for tke Irst time dtutog her piesent tog^gsBieatt^wttThe management, with a vtsw toher bcriler at 4 oHsIock tMs i ing,whilecrossingStClairFlata. Fiveimachine eslabUsbment ofWoosj Kg^-Ttaste inauctioneer of the highest works was parUafiy destr^rod—UMrty <»»-'gS«,Mreputed respectability was compelled to offer forThe long bridge coaneottngthe vlllaga aafl»»at the factory Maaam, by which &mense streams of waiw;;.., 4^^ Cottbn,1unusual ^thlnevidently. CoireapoudeutThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069says^tha(mSSmwww.fultonhistory.coml^d^KMiiiSfifaitHtfiai•,mm 