 u^•t% I5 !aencountered this season by vessels sailing between congeners in latitude, and suitableness of soil and Even in Japan the horizon is by no.me ans clear in print, pictures, maps, pamphlets, letters, "&c, prevails in Upper Italy cannot be easily introduced!-*•s J n.; .: g!April 31—Barloy (Fall aowti) in bead. May 10—Oret-n prw. .May 12—WhMt (Winter) boaiiiij. Way 24—Itaxpbernea lipe.. .sixty miles in the country roundabout, and the sight saki. I w a 8 in Hakodadi a short time Bince. of new houses <^venwhero building convinces me Things there are in a. much more, quiet statefancy lamp and gas-fixture establishments have ma- peninsnla, differ from them in their national de- ' . terially reduced, their forces; BO also with the scent. Above Borne, the Italians" are, according: ; wholesale carriage makers. The shos trade is to their component elements, Romanized Gauls,,mixed w i t h Germanic Longobarda, Gotha* and Southern Germonf". In the South, i is the Eoman ized Greek stock, but slightsEMay 3<V—Rape and barlev harTeat begun; transplanting rice. that a better thrift is coming over, tlie handsome May JO—Knpo and bartev oathan here, and there is a greater feeling of so- especially depressed. Somecotton mills are entirelyI ';5<gravity of countenance.The lengthening evenings, thediminishing tern*actually lynched in Mississippi, though be is reso- lutelysilentexceptastorepeatedinsultsandthreat-enings which he encountered. His Northern originwiis enough, as soon as known, to compel him toleave. Ever3where the same depreciation of plan- amount which hm^d^k^^§^T tationvaluesprevailed,whilethewantofmoney«a few grapes and other fruit* to the commander ofIhe-Hartiord, but the vigilant officials stopped them houses differ from those to tho southward in few re- ty. There is little activity in business, and tho make collections, as the only remedy for suspen- of Congress was'passed more than twenty-five years the solution of a much more delicate question, viz:a&the landing, and sent the servant back to his *P«.<ets. A large number of them are weather- < fficial reports show both a falling off in demand for sion. One of these clerks traversed the country *£<>,,,•..when the Treasury building • was in process cf that of tho temporal power of the Pope.in ports and dimunition of exports". I append a along the seaboard to New-Orleans. At many constructien, expressly forbidding the issue of any As regards France, it is certain that the Emperor master. I could fill pages with similar little an- boarded with broad strips of bark placed vertically. tabular statement of Imports and Exports, and also points he was assured that payment now was impos- such credits, and the Secretary of the Treasury has epetksandactsasifhe wished to maintain peaconoyances, some of them of far more serious charae- In the country this is especially common. Tiled sible. The debtors had -no money, nor could they just-as much right to issue bonds or notes without au-tbr, which are continually put upon the foreigners* roofs and thatch roofs are mostly supplanted by 8 list of vessels by nationalities arrived at this port thoiily.of law, as the War Department tojgive accept- at least for eighteen months; but at the same timo and are in violation not only of the"spirit but the r 8%0/e the opening of Japan under the Harris Treaty, collect any from those in the country who owed anccs^m.this way., There is not, a particle of distinc- «U his arsenals are busy in building steel-plated aeryletterofthetreaties. TheJapaneseauthori- nhirg'erooft,andtheseneitherpegged9nailed forwhichl'-anaIndebtedtothepolitenessofC.Pom- them. Infact,.allmoneyseemedtohavedisap- tion,mprinciplebetweenthetwocases,aswillbe frigatesandgunboats,and the armyisalsoin- tiespersisienUygoontheirownway,andnoeffort down,butsecuredbystonesfromachild'stoaman's berlonHodgson,esq.,herBritannicMajesty'sCon- peared. Cottonwasatadeadlock,downinprice shownbeforetheinvestigationisconcluded.Iforbear creasedbythereservebattalionp. Thuswemay"..'y•<--%**44t£ i_ 'TBxnMOMifrRT^ArJ''jtjccono. ., ..... jroughsaround^^grogshonshad;nothingatnek. He heard of various n ^ intendingrto remove to the Free States as soon a* they could sell and save somethingfromthewreck.; Nodebtcould beool- Jected now, yethsevery casethe debtor avowed hisTHESTATEOPEUROPE;;••,-**••>A l t.o,..VHfMr<W,.^ -' •*- •-.••*•;.•,••.. ..•.Vj.t.,»..,,..Vj.*, iI--<* .*•- .^ R K ' DAILY TRiiljNE, sMlJRDAT, IMSCEMBER 29, I860;&»?begintoblowinSeptemberandOctober,andthen return withenrgoes of seawoed,i dried fish, fish oil, and the. ether few products of this Island. Yeso is jriotlargely productive, owing not to want of soil TTtperfor tillage, -but for want of good husbandry,fKTERESTINGFROMJAPAN.April.A YlMUOni-.r''»•••••• J%yftmDOC43.••. ........H»y. slriafl. J air. Aug. Sept. ,580• 756 750 71,° «9<>, 750. 840 i) 1&44O 650" 630not yetThe United States steamship Hartford came inflFrom Oor Own Corre#poo4ent"r , 1-l^pperandl*> 'werethe last p and were know Tarnato del Oeckthenmhabiui'i 1 «ideandmanya Tho.flrst were dWJWandthen,<tentioootf throwiHITO DEAD—A6G RE8SIVEXESS OF , THE 7>lis> ji»rtrn.»••••• •... 's'la* woou •«• >;..«.;. • 4fl<>TURIN, »ec. II, 186<fc-»2© 64°' 70° KU66IAN8. iit\x. mora........... 68<> 6«o- .790 8tf>*ABAX*«R SKAftOJJg, AS MARKED BY VF«€ETA- Kairdwy*.. !*•••*• 18 18 13 1915 seayields.ofLorkiudtooabundantly, andthoworld brings the Commodore.WW-ttTRAXMB, MAKtrFACnm»8, MAX?HERS, '*C.CUSTOMft-^-12.. 12 iover,wherethe.seayieldsspontaneouslyasitwere, itisbetter.farmedthan the'shoresitwashes. ItieVrowOai Crma Cerrwponieat.KAT?A€AWA, Japan, Oct. 29, 1860.0The progress of the season, as marked by ite vege- immigrants, stimulated by. the liberal. inducementsof operators.Hard-working and patriotic, but estranged. TheyJrNmers who would come in under the favored na- mites that brought us to our anchorage at san- young.tion cluu*r. 'Inhere are few manufacturee on this island, it be- set of a beautiful Autumnal day in the harbor ofTi oops of youths, organized as fantastical clubs,other bolts than those of a consuming vengeance.be unable to weather'the storm which is approach- ing, the non-Hungarian provinces being just as mal- content, though at this moment less fcirbulent and7;• ©3 8 $ i &e»,i tI f**$ MM:C A ( S Wfmm:.r:•••.., «*4* . ,^OA.CIke has been made the stalking-horse of all man- Japan, as observations at all the ports show, are with fences of young timber—the first rail fences Cvery rare. I have not heard enough thunder in a have seen since I left America—and, sometimes Nagasaki without consent of any; and the Governor"History of New-York,"" John F . Watson, died on•paraded with iprorious meriment, only now and The export trade,, except in teas and silks, con- Hakodadi. F e w harbors can rival this for ac- rg dependent for these on the sister isle of Niphon. then attracting notice from the police by creating aTHE GREATThe Washington coiTeepondent of The Philadelphia noisy than the Hungarians. The Croats inaiatupoafiooes dut, owing to the depreciation of the dollar, cessibility, commodiOusness, or safety. A fleet of The Province of.Nambu, on the east coast, is a rich deed lock in the progress of the moving throng of which rules steadily at about seventy cents, a» coui- agricultural and,manufacturing district; snpplying women. Many a note will be paid at bank from thisHH aw•111*11• mw » •.•..'•WW.•'::. KlrwTM••••••. ••Farini, Poerio, Scioloja, and all the illustrioce • a o r ef absurd machinations, as I believe the bet- year to make one respectable thunder-shower for'' fer.ces of clean-cut, well-piled turf, breast high,', and js said to have remarked that he " couldn'_t help it." Sunday, at Germnntown; in his 81st year. He was statesmen who how administer the kingdom, arothe Catskills. The earthquakes gradually increased two feet thick. I saw handsome crops of corn, The English were a little hasty in China. They perhaps the most laborious collector of forgottentor to enable the present Government to carry in frequency till the ramv season was at its buckwheat, beans, onions, squashes, pumpkin*, and sent a dispatch, discharging the transports in Japan, faete and local incidents which this country has equally unsuccessful.. The deputation of tho tmt certain so-called plans of protection which higbt, and then as gradually diminished. Cause turnips, of Brobdignagian proportions, growing and thought th«y had finished the war; when the ever produced. As a searcher up of revolutionary Upper Italian Parliament, which carriedlwore so many plans of restraint and confinement. or coincidence, wDl the weath«rwise tell us ? The with a per acre yield that would water a Devonshire Chinese refused to sign, and they had to renew lore, he has equaled a nenny-a-liner. If he could the congratulations of that body to King Vktoir' typhoon season begins with July, and continues for cattle-grower's eyes with joy. The first beets I have hostilities. Ideally the. political sky here is quite as have accompanied Washington as historian of the Emanuel, returned despairing of seeing a free ConKANAGAWA,JAPAN,Oct.27,I860.The Niagara has Japanese 'Commissioners..firm determination to pay, disunion or not. With The news from Naples is far from satisfactory.. - Mux. T»V»J. ••»•>,».ttf> SO© SV>- 920 9tt°". STO •junfbrtunateiy'forthedevelopmentoftheisland,the fromShanghaeandNagasakitwodaysago.-She snchresultasthis, the/house^referred to hadno The administration is'now exclastvefy in fh«Clondrdsya.... 12 wertt more orj^MHiuny...•»•.»..•. S - Kttitbqnak«r. 1ThuiMit-T ^......... 1 Pwvafling -wli:d« Var. Sou.183 IS0 'ib0 0Son. Sou. Var. immigration has been going on in this island. The Yeddo a Minister, Commodore,-two war-ships, More than ,100 hands have been discharged from•:XT. 113 :! 2S A 1 1and the usual number of attaches. The Japanese NorrisV locomotive works, as large a number byMito is dead! Mito the terrible; Mito the tation, is oVfolIowe':.' , .' . ! held out,by the hereditary lords of the soil have appear to think they have treaties enough. ' The Merrick & Sons, while other machine shops have tions of the excitable Neapolitans, who, though, ' 1 ^ajjjseSiT. At adread of foreigners; Mito tbe slayer of Russian*, Dutchmen, &od Chinamen; the assassinator of tfce Regent; abo scapegoat for all the sins and Aortcotxrfnga -of the Government has given up the ghost. The hoary-beaded old' man, whose ffcareeacore years and ten were more than ac- exnrplisbed, and were in their last days stained by innocent blood, has gone to his account TheApril 5—re*ch-tre«» in bloom; alw p«M wad.beana j decidaoqa treea Wavhig out.et;me from the more thickly populated and some-what exhausted soils of central Niphon. A ride of Hartford brings nothing-of interest from Naga- dismissed men in the same proportion. The large, speaking the same language with the rest «f t b ^ •ibey weresnbdothe banks of thi ^oore than 15,6<;Q an isolated moui the bones to>b\t•3a vain, and I &a'htan fougbt, bettaken place on -i§ The »nr»anw-/UidvelyWorked,athat the still-ex-period very nunibetn worked ]Snnst have be*n tway extracted rr »od Chibnahn» of the poof Imii -Of thi* cectar/, '$<'.trevo!ntion.''f «rarion of the ft -don.in.rtion. Bu but Lit'-- by thai changed their m | rer«ut nndovM all overMexJffli scastera as tr -.% Tbeir liberatio-i. their situation is,V 'Government l<Jt fcarilizatioia ef d Government <:--*' to their. otLin* the many nil :r•popular belief is that he died by poison secretly Sept. 10—Grapes.Oct 1—Cotton-picking bogun.. . /Eweetpotatoedoesnotthrivehere, andalreadythe:brixiging a part of the Japanese Embassy from was promulgated, shares of various kinds have is be-vJune 23—W brat harvesting.Jnly 10—Green corn.An*.1—Harvestapple*andp*ar«.Aug. 6—Cotton in bloom; now iwe«t potatoee; peaohos.Ang 31—New Irish potatoes; buckwheat sown from the 15th in filling uptthi's sparsely-populated island. The to secession, it was discounted at the Stock Boardto the 3(Hh at the month. Srpt.1—Pears.Foote arrived there about three weeks ago, some weeks ago, for from the day the Ordinance tinged with Germanic blood. The conquer-ing Normans and Suabians ! originated tha<Aw;farm lands of Yeso. I bdieve our own potatoe, ia-troduced, asIjudgefromthebestdataIcan,getby curity. Mr. Rice, American Commercial Agent, our American*whhlers, will play an(important part spoke of leaving shortly. The schooner C. E.stopped. Much, of this slacking off is owing to the political past, with apprehension of the future. AsInsh, or American potatoe more properly, is be- j ^ i * ^ «y,n TM„!««.. + w « o^ir AvossOlalso steadily advanced, money has been growing easier,cominc,withlice,thecommonfood ofthepeople. California,whowerelefttheresickaristocracy, but the people was Kttle' in-administeredbyhisenemies. This is question- Oct.25—Bicebarvei«tlDg.The ground is now preparing for the Fall-sown Its yield-is-hot nnly most abundant, but its size and came in from the Amoor, and, and one from Ochotsk and the community breathes more freely. Coahaud fluenced by them. Arabs and Spaniards m«edHable; bat poison is in Japan a facile instrument crops, rape, barley, wheat, radishes, vetch. • I have quality number one. >A schooner from San Fran- Sea, being the first of the whaling fleet. The trade flour have both advanced considerably. No doubtof death among those in high places. Mito has of the Amoor is mostly cairied on by Americans the/just developed wholesale thieving at Washington their blood more freely with the Neapoli-seen no Spring wheat, although I believe plenty of cisco has arrived during my, stay here, having as and some day may be important. been generally represented as the inveterate foe Japanese Spring wheat has been sold in America - pait cargo several hundred' sacks of potatoes, butwill give a new shock to public confidence, as it is tans and Sicilians* and thus we see them to bt>>already viewed as only the forerunner of other offi- quickwitted, unru5y, loquacious, proud, and B$tle> The noticeable features of the climate are the Japanese potatoe, equally good, at one-third the place for whalers, but they, as yet^ do not Winter cial plunder, even yet more astounding. In short, used to respect law. Garibaldi's immeufle popu-of the foreigners, but this is not in reality so. the past season! ' • . :'•' she found herself forestalled in the market by a The shief importance of Hakodadi is as a refittingHo has undoubtedly compassed the death of some evennessofits Summer temperature, with nocold de- price,,,and this Japanese price will, when the pota- there. The Captain of the whaler reported tha: no return of confidence Heed be looked for under larity "kept them for;a while in order, bat in tho- • ' • •f them; bat it Was-to involve the Government pression at night or excessive midday heats. In early toe comes fully to market (now it is a little early), the season had not been very successful for them. ' this Administration. The new one must be inaugu- long run even he could not introduce order ihtO'of his sworn foe, the late Regent, in disgrace. Summer there is an excess of moisture, when the' be reduced one-half! Nor i« this all: in that Tlie Russians are collecting ships and forces, and rated, and the world assured that, fraud has had itsSince the Regent's death,. Mito has done nothing mold invades the most private apartments, the most same'excursion inland, riding along smooth, well- are trying to wrest from Japan all the large Island day, and that the reign of honesty has begun, before the country, demoralized by the Bourbon Gov-•.secure boxes and drawers. Thunder-showers in , made country roads of two rods width, bordered of Yeso. They carry on rather a do-as-they-please this incubus can be removed. ernment. Everybody accused the hero and hi* farther to annoy the peace of foreigners, though policy with this country. They landed troops in - Tho author of the "Annals of Philadelphia," and lieutenants of want of organizing talent; but•'"•Mito is universally conceded to have been an able three months, during which time these islands and w«en were growing in handsome bods before a cloudy as in Europe, and these wars do so intoler- war, his narrative would have been perfect to theman, well versed in foreign affairs, and the more the adjacent seas are liable to the outbreaks of the country farm house. Wheat was harvested, and I ably prejudice these heathen nations against Christi- last point of minuteness. H e had collected a vast stitutional Government ia the South. In fact, tho ' .-yule of those yrn lhe ^lexicafi pet about Ui« rui:,- a;The priniipniwe the ia-. .-.- jfaqui, and empi-tribe bt n«^. l»*f iunt 34/years, Mi; tbemofet trouhU"Bisc of a statf ;y callsbimeelfaC theextrerae. H th« prineipel c«. Next to the i*« the bunks of tie "Yaqubs and fyrz. language, and iu tics. They ar* 1 with them in aln the Go^eraxneotOnthenpperps .of tbe Hi')<ie£ tribein.reducedt bravery as soldi* other uibe inth^ as brave as a Pi Sonorecses. Th the moat civiliza Thete Ofrata I .andr.11iutiib-.cr pe, as well M on Miu de San Mign tbe Spanish Ling cans. Tbeyulw.and oppose the tribes. They an over Mexico; ax eervaht of min• -. & distance of 1( while I was on llwPapsgolxt 32io de San tgriac Also, in a hirge pSTbey have tr-.eintelligent Japanese with whom I have converged most furious tempests. Several of them have been con only judge of it by what I have aeon of its anity and religion. museum of revolutionary relics, in manuscript andbureaucratic regular system of administration which •- -regard him to have been more a friend than a Joe to foreign intercourse. His eldest son, about 40 jeart old, succeeds to his name, honors, and"T*e Niagara, bearing the returning Embassa- dors from America, has not yet arrived, though one is fuDy doe. TheHartford Commodorefttrihlmg arrived in Yokohama Bay on the 25tu severer calamities. In August and September two wanting to make fruit as abundant and cheap as on The weather now is delightful, and they are the lessees of the building indemnified the owner fanization of the Ministry. Mingbetti, who took.•OXTSmore. The Hartford brings us Car latest coasts and adjacent waters. In one of these, the toIbe soon supplied. A fellow-trnveUnyMr; V., an Pruwdan yacht that came out with the Embassy as English nurseryman, collecting seeds, plants, and from the Peiho, via Nagasaki. As this an intended gift to the Tycoon, was lost, with her trees, informed me that he hadalready ordered to goes direct to California it may anticipate complement of thirty souls. Two transports in En- each of the open ports supplies of grafts and youngthere is much to make life happy even.here.peace, coming' out.without a sign of molestation. Truly, this man's heroism reminds us of the tri-tusk he has assumed. Jacini, the Minister of Pub-.and of facts illustrating the foundation of this City. among the excitable fire-eaters of Naples, Calabria, certainly known, for there is a possibility that some were rows of pear trees, that will equal the old riving sit this place was from the English Consul: His Annals of Philadelphia have passed through and Sicily; still; Count Cavour does not deopair,this and China ports. The life casualties are not climate. So, too, by the road-side, and the bouses One of the first sentences that met my ear on ar-new mieeing may be heard from, yet the season's French pears near Detroit for size, in full vigor and "O, the. Japanese must have some shot to teach several editions.and believes that, with some energy and much pa- tience, the evils of the present situation might soooi be overcowe. Yet, even ho fully understands thorecord is one of great disaster. Well may these symmetry of growth, and occasionally apple trees of them propriety."sens be called the graveyard of the mariner. With- ample head and foliage- . But what shall.I say of The Missionaries here are studying the language,out mentioning minor casualties, such as sails and their fruit? Nothing could be more utterly insipid in hopes of preaching to the nations, which seems the mutterings of the same.mob which so recentlymastssweptbytheboard,thelossof127horsesin andworthlees. Thelargerthetreethesmallertho veryprobable,thoughitwillnotbe-withoutoppo- sentterrortotheheartofMayor-Henry. Hislec- necessityofareconciliationwitbGaribaldi,which, a transport, and the like, I can only name the fruit, seemed to be the rule. Good scions alone are sition. . ; _ . . ' , ture last week was threatened by disturbance, but however, cannot be brought about without a feor-All well. The Saginaw will be in in a few typhoons of remarkable severity swept over these atv spot of the globe—a want,, too, that I hope is gathering in the rice. This is a beautiful place, and agaiast damage, and the lecturer went ahead in 'arixii's place in the home office, is unequal to theCongross for the right of petition. If Mayor Henry War, the. personal enemy and detractor of Garibaldi, aad Southampton. A t the last dates the Allies missing, with all their crewR. T|he.ribs of a ship sure to arrive in good order, perils of too sea A CHRISTMAS CARNIV AL-—SOUTHERN F A C T S - would take lesson of his bravery, it would be well roust be sacrificed, if Garibaldi's resentment is toyour latest news from the seat of war via Suez glish employ, coming hither from the Peiho, are trees, which, by a new method of packing, werewere encamped within five miles of Pekin, wreckedonCapeIdsuaresuppose'dtobelongtoone, excepted.having(oughtseveralsuccessfulbattles as they ofthese. IntheSeptembertyphoonofthe8th,aJapanese bark of European build dragged her an- The trade of Hakodadi with the adjacent countryfor his reputation and ours. Mr. Beecher, with but be appeased; and, since the new elections wiS LABOR AND MONEY—AN AUTHOR DEAD— 1ahandful of unarmed friends,butplenty^>fpluck, scarcelybeasministerialasthelastones,itwill be BEECHER AND HENRY—ESTIMATE OF BU- facedandovercamethemob. TheMayor,with500 welltoreconstructCountCavour'sCabinetintame.approached, and were anticipating a further de- ehor in Simoda Bay, was last seen at nightfall is large/ I have not seen such another market towntermined resistance. . They had sent down the struggling with the tempest, and the morning or so much activity of trade between country pro- From Oar Own Correspondent.ever for reinforcements of men aad ammanitbn. dawned on broken timbers and spars floating along ducers and town traders as here. Not in YeddoThe Emperor had without dpubt fled from the rocky coaet; the crew of-sixty were all eh- itself is there such an ebb and flow to and from thoPrkia. Commissioner Parke, The London Times gulphed. The same gale passed over Yokohama eunoundicg country. All. the traffic with toe in-correspondent,Mr.LockeofthePeninsulaand Boythefollowingmorning,wreckingonejunkand teriorpasKcanecessarilyoverthesandybeachroad confidencebeingimpaired,andlaborstandingidle isnowfasteningitselfonhimpersonally. Heis ment,ha8atlastresolvedtoremainentirelyonthosmall boats by the score.. In the village of Yoko- which unites Hakodadi with the main land, and it in the market-place with none to give it employ- openly cursed in our streets, denounced at the ho- defensive. The Sardinian Government, taking ad- Oriental nervioo, andtheofficers, who, with them, hama there wasgreat destruction of property. Tho will be within bounds"to say that three thousand ment, there must be tens of thousands here who tels, repudiated in the counting-room, and at the vantage of this fa^t, grants now numerous fur- wevw eaptnred while, bearing a flag of truce, are re- foreign merchants were the principal sufferers by packhorses. dairy, ^ass in and out of the city, aad go through times like these untouched by panic, fireside. The public execration of his conduct, his loughs to the veterans who desire to return to their• •he* eeme hither to negotiate a treaty; It is six Summers tale of shipwreck and disaster? weeks rinoetbo Count's arrival, and thus far noeral rider.s. Also bullock trains of three to twelvebullocks. I see no noriaons or kangoa used ex- mas preparation, crowds pushed and struggled estimation than he. As blacker developments ap- regular army. It is true, that full 45,000 soldiera •. \—cess. TheJapaneseGovernmentsay, *'$To **moretreaties;thosewehavemadeareonlyan ** injury to the nation." A minority in the Govern- ment are friendly to a treaty, on the ground thatHAKODADI, Oct. 26, 1860. For several days past I have been stopping at this, the most northern of' the open ports ofcepttocarrythedeadtotboircremation;theliving pearnowaboutbeingmadeinhisCabinet—the and4,CC0carabiaicrsareemployedinthekingdomof ridehorseback. Agoodburdenbeastmaybehad forachancetoseethem,blockingupthepave- stealingofamillionfromoneDepartment—with theTwoSicilies;butitishopedthatbeforetoofor $5, und I rode an excellent saddle horse sixty ment, Wjhile within money passed over the coun- unimagined looseness and confusion, to say the least, •, •,beenheardof. Shewithoutdoubtencouttteredthe teredpack-drovesoftwenty,thirtyandforty,.con-the.annexfttion of all the Dalmatian seaooast toaortd with the Japanese coin. The low value of two hundred junks were at anchor, their long riot Yeso alone, but largely the marts of Yeddo and outporiDg of money. The theaters, concerts, and Gazette writes: their country before they reenter iuto the union with •*Ibe debar has enabled the foreign merehaots to work cables spreading ^ike so many spider-webs over Oasaca. I viait«rd7 however, one porcelain manu- " The qoeirtion coxnes up naturally, for what ser- Hungary; and the Emperor, always ready to prom-SMT a large amount of imports, the dollars coming the smooth surface1 of the waters. Of foreign factory, giving employment to a score or so of hands, j-ublic entertainments of all kinds were crowded, vice w.'i^e t.'iese drafts made and accepted, and were ise everything that may save him from trouble, ,hack freely for. muslins, plain and. figured, drills, >hips there was not a solitary sail when we ar- turning out, with the simplest arrangement of the and still, continue to be. The public schools, the tbey.iu cf^fwaaity with law ? KUHKSII is the head granted the request to the Croatians, but delayed thoca*»let«, stripes, glassware,, and some crockery- rived. Hakodadi is built on one of several hills molding, coloring, and baking processes, a groat va- orphan asylumf, the blind asylums, and almost every of the firm which received the larye transportationware. The imports for six weeks past have paid which rise bold and bare from the water's edge, riety of plain and ornamental ware, imitating any place' wherein the lamo and halt are congregated, contracts for Utah, and the great hour coutractB in execution of his pledge to more peaceful times. Thopattern of foreign table service that might be neyded. had its own festivity. Every head of a family cou- wLich th*» Goveniment paid $28 per barrel for tho financial difficulties are not less serious than tho • Jmadtomely. on an iBo'atcd promontory that, viewed from sea- In a rude smithy on the hill above Hakadodi jcaote . hived to be a turkey- gobbler. Take it altogether, identical nr' jcie which Russell bought in Salt Lake at political sues, and thus it is easy to prognosticat©The Japanese grow daily more and more close in ward, one would miRtake for an island of ruggedtheir espionage of foreigners; their impertinence is elevations, being connected with the main land upon a foundery for bombshells.' Those rop:illantat times mtoierable. You ean have no dealings with words " N o admittance" did not sfcr.ro me in theby a low sandy neck a few hundred yards in face, as they would over a like entrance at home,-so munity. It possesses a self-sustaining power too transacti: has never been fully revealed, and the scandalous trial against a police agent at Berlin, in.nay aaerehant, or with your own servants, without widlh. Every one who has seen Gibraltar is at I was at liberty to walk in and see the process of ffteir knowledge and possible interference. They once struck with its similarity of position and shell-casting. A heap of shells, awaiting the fillinggreat for eitherintimidation or overthrow. •crust wu* ^ l y broken in the Covode investigation. the course of which malpractices and despotic, ar- It may >st come to light to astound the country still bitrary enormities, continually practiced by the Prus-. It is clear that sod man so predi 3UiJl, i»r but ve. je«rlS53, the , Only as far dowi now they 00m Gnaymas,and 1 •very part of thw Jiaore, m well aFrom the prog the course 01 tin, thatanoverthro impossible, aad 1You have doubtless noticed how careful Southern more, and to trace ont the beginning of that treason-era* houses for no shadow of offense, and forbid any appearance, and, like Gibraltar, modern Bcience process, b y on the ground. I found the workmen newspapers are in refraining from giving any ac- able comir'u-acy wbichuow threateos the peace and about the stability of the Constitution continues to . jcaa\ to be in foreign employ without permission of could readily convert this into one of the impreg- civil and ready to answer questions, as ono always'' counts of the condition of money, labor, prices," &c, , perpetuity of the Union. - rage between tho Chambers and the Grand Dake,..fete gene so fw as to take servants out of foreign-sian police, came to light. In Hessia, the old feud•''-•/ •• •*the authorities. Every nouse-servant must .pay aahareofhiswagestotheGovernor. Thefisher-nable fortresses of the world. An earth'battery finds in Jap«n, but not always in America. Not in their several neighborhoods. They avoid these "It is well known boro that Ruwell and his notori- • Offeeble power alone protects,theentranceat yet,tonyknowledge,wheninpursuitofinforma- topicsascarefullyustheywouldconcealtheyellow ousagentyhadfreeandconstantaccesstoalltheave- anditismostprobablethatthisagitation,which • present, although the Japanese are adding at an tion, have • I been requested to go to those ultra fever. Occasionally some garrulous print lets out a nues of the War Department. Thev were Been there has now lasted full ten years, will be settled some ..man may not sell us a herring, the market-woman affewl or an egg, or the grocer a handful of potatoes, arigle of the harbor a new fort of some preten- tropical regkms to which inquisitive gentlemen are fact or two; but, as a general thing, the whole habitually, and in close contact with"subordinates who twenty years hence, since, according to Gormanwithout reporting it to the proper official. If we so often verbally' consigned at fastne. have been more, than under suspicion for years past. traditional dilatoriuess, every question must bo sions as to-ixe and strength. The town has aiow a ' At the same place a gray-haired old man was Southern press is studiously concealing from the Thefce relations have long been the subject of censori- sifted thoroughly before it can hope to come to athe ferry between Kanagawa and Yokohama, prpjjlr.Tioji of 17,000, having doubled within the past casting handsome brass hinges; and a young man North how deplorable a condition they are in. But* on8 comment, and, therefore, this resent disclosure has decision. Since 1848, wo hear continually of theanofficialisstationedtheretocountnosesandre- ti.i<eorfouryear*,orsincetheopeningoftheport waslaboriouslyfilingoutbyhand,,somescrewsfor manysourcesofinformationconcerningithave excikdnogwatastonishment. Itturnsoutthatthe HessianandSchleswig-Holsteiuquestions,andGer-cord them in a book, and also the number and de- uiider the Peny Treaty. It is well built after the the sume. At ..another place I saw well-finished been opened to my notice. A heavy house in that acceptances of the Secretary of War were noU.giveu man unity, but we do not as yet hear of any prog-scription of all boxes, parcels, or bundles, into whichhe will pry with cunning fingers, if possible. Onlythis day a gentleman wished to send his servant withJapjti:e«e way, with spacious streets of two rods in silver forks and spoons-just completed to some for- trade, embarrassed by the failure of remittanceB for eervicee rendered, or to anticipate accounts in pro- ress, while. Italy has completely settled the Mode-' own would c they have no id '« throw their preeSny body rbv. Jtthi«tiagula]" Agreut deal of i these Indian rno- ,• - Xoanuel Maria G. i s the son of a Sj , Ju»s raised hims*TVan in tbe year "<dividedInto t« >,i'edenJinUu".thav one party and d< be became the Cjwidth, laid out with regularity, well sewered and kept clean by daily and repeated sweepings. Theeigner's order.;The number of foreign resident* is not quite thir-and the protest of innumerable noted, some weeks ago dispatched two clerks on different routes tocess of adjustment, but merely as a,<iae of credit with- out any legal claim, whatever on the part of Russellnese, Parmese, and Tuscan questions, and, though only partially, has still effectively entered even into-je made seemingly to resist their petty aggression. head in bigness. The aspect of the continuous roofs sul for Hakodadi: ,<;.and no buyers. Real estate was utterly unsalable. purposely, while the inquiry is pending: from making safely predict a war in Spring between Italy arv4Exnorti). Negroes were ruinously depressed. One man in the any suggestions as to the motives or influences which Austiia; for if Victor Emanuel should not begin it. $80,309M interiorofGeorgia,pressedbymaturingobligations actunxed the>Secretary,ofWar,in thismatter. Bat'•'of the streets, when viewed from an emi- monarch,andoh,foranhourofthebold,sagacious nence, is that of a Vermont sheep pas- Juii.ItoJvr.c'30,1060Import*. •forthirtynercentofitsrecentvalue, BOthathe :bl bdollar* oniece, a very good stock of animals. A t exposed to so much petty interference on the part seaTQi'T even than female modesty; so the observa- mig^t get money enough to getaway to the North. SSwfe ft W ^ # ' ^ "<>"• **»<» S. Greenyworethreehundredhorsessoldatanaverageoffive Hakodadi. Thunder and lightning inJapan;follskodaditwohundredandsixty-seven were:sold; oftheGovernment officials. Theirrelations with tions,on'Yeso confirm thosetakeninKiusiu ani Oiksiprivatelyexpressedthestrongest detenniua^ SfSS^S5 Ir5'1^ ^oK^.'RichardU.Porter,thenorth-westerncountiesofIowa,therearenowmil- ions of am s which, for productiveness and beauty of•jpaaeoe, butthe government had provided that thereafcooid benocompetition, forbidding anyoneto bidstlves, but are hving herel and there among the peo- Jttujjsirin CoLsulate: .ple, quite beyond any possibility of being Desima- TKMPKR^TCRK AXT> WKATHKR AT HAKOnAT)!. !%''•*.0 1 UuivmgtowusiaaUUeH, ^ u u U ^ a n d ^ S r ^ J pjvces he was grossly insulted and threatened, and lius Wendell-esq., came forward and gave $100,000 can now be located with IHW! warrants, atTcoetoontiA New-Orleans escaped lynching ouly by se- .r/oize"'. ^"^mtmmmwderably ler* than, one dollar per, acre; snfirotowLjKgplythanthequery "Vid.theEnghshwishtobuy."any more ?w spoken with the mo«t imperturbable tent, being now worth two and a halt itzibus, or July........'29. W)eigbty-thieo cents.Thecoastwise trade innaiive bottoms betweenSO «0 75 48 t» •38CO 27 12 1840 121ft IS 178 . 5.. .. ' 43 13entire confidencem his ability to restore the thHedemanTfo^^^^^^^ffi•;' ,,. 'D»cnrt>« r . .29.73 ~perata£e of early morning, the leavas flying before the Island of Yeso and the Islands of Niphon : 3800. ;^jDorthem Autumnal wind*, alike announce that the and Kunsiu is vrry large. Its specific value it is im- JOM u>y.... 29XG1 91 1429 .. M , ..It* cesuo to loM€awanaata'lttti.L'district. \ov-»tmlyr 8.P.YEOMAXS.Jr)utnmerispa«t. The- JjcXUnr AatDoa wresttwxl vritb aoddine 04-na*oon>esonapace. MountFusi'svenerablehead.has pat*m5t#Winter'scapofsnow, Letme giv^jyoupossibletotell,but,whenIsaythat700;juukaare Febrnuy...29.98-' 28.. 7 ...KtgUtx.1sometimes seen in the harbor at one time, it is easy toseethatthevaluemustbegreat. Thesejunks comeupwiththeprevailing so.uthwindsofSpringApril 29.'.•? hiaj 29»:. J.,ue........V9w75 Jnl^ 29.73.44 . 61 59 05 7160 28 63 41 79 43 77 48 82 60theSubornerrecordinbrief.Mylastpreviousac-andSummer,bringingrice,rapeoil,cottongoods,Anstuit 29.86KOHFMHUDA.—Aletter roeently receis'edofS?SSfeiB?J0Qhebl680dmuillhe o^beatrastoppodcount o/ observfttiofls made with March.ut Kanakawa ended.... uilk, sugar, tea, fluke, lacquered ware, porcelain, Thunder tinen timw lu theyour. Wind, from May to rnlddI<vof Pept«mbcr, S E.«i«dE.8.E.;middle o{September tu ApvU,tilecommunityonly, or off among the owners of plantations,- who hitd everything ot stake, while theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069l*lorida will breakfast of"fame day."playingIt,when some one calledforthe •<Southern MurHjilhuw.," which the musicians immediately strock up, »nd was received with cheer after cheer muil thov "^M** [Mobile Tribune.«fct\, remain in tl>i» «nfe harbor till the north winds W; H..W. nad N. W ., • . * ' '•Jnh*t.......iSS.X14 •••,.. 68 81 59 l§ . .nrd Kentucky. His employers believe that he was Waalmgtcn City fnerida. Rin-soll further tx^^l'•• ^atmgfeeof $1 for each for^/acres, and the^locaaon 1:iAnpnn .....29 79 •September..i9.h2 r<)croh>»r... 2997 No\en.l-t)r..2i'.68^ «to /Or-70 62 63 43 322K,43 11 Mttrrb 30.05 34 ,45 171 '• 91 39were, in fact, the only personal chattels that wouldrior Department frauds have ascertained that BaileyCotretpondcarts of Tbc N. Y. TriUuae.U. S. JUsn OFncK, Sioux City, Iowa*)Dec. 15, 1800. j .Will you permit me tocall ihe attention of your read- Odrders came to^the English Commissariat officers in make an exception of the dogs, the most numerous, The .climate of Yeso is in Summer cool with an properly was universal. Invasion was looked to, thousand when Mr. McClelland was Secretary, and ers to the importance (in view of the present feeling ofJapantocloseuptheir purchases of supplies and bestconditioned, andintrusive pariuhpopulation I 'excessof''humidity. In the Winter snow lie*on: ariairitfum-clion guarded against morestringently returnedOrreplacedbyothers. I•acMofftbe forage and rtOjfrk of animals on hand. have encountered. WoJfish-looLiiitf fellows, prowl- the ground for several weeks, and without any than ever As- these chances multiplied, so the di.f- Accordingly a largo numbfr ef horses were sold at ing the streets in bands; 'receiving. food at evory marked depression of the mercury, the tempem-taro ficulty of tilling increased and prices fell. In onlysuaefdon. At Nagasaki thirty horses were sold for door, and raising a howl at every " redman," as the isequclly cold, so that the fallen snow remains dry. one instance was paymeut of his claim offered him, fifteen itxibus the lot, seventeen cents apiece.' Earthquakes are infrequent, though thoro are and that vvas in negroes at prices of a year ago. InThese were rather a refuse lot. At Kanagawa there Hakodadians call us. Nor is the foreign ^populationreeident here under so much obtrusive espionage, or two active volcanoes within thirty miles ofm m the lion a B. Woodson,$40,000;.theHoaatawaverageofadollarapiecef Bullocks brought thepeoplearepleasanterthanateitherof"theother Niphorl. ForthefollowingmeteorologicaltablesIavn Luaioleavearegionwherevalues were disappear- •£rAnn°\i^U^^Vttly,1X VVillhuns (Kanfcas) m^K&iSS l«*l***«lJ «*• isnohealthierclimate>live dollars apiece; The purchasers were all Ja- ports. Neither are the foreigners isolated by tbem- indebted to Dr. Albrecht, Medical Attach^ of tho iir$ and everything was iu comusion. At many *o,000;-.theiHon.Th6inaaP.Aker8, $10,000." Corne- in the woi Id, there are numerous laxve settlement^^Sexcept their own man. A good thing is told of tized or islanded. I believe this better state of Me^n Jta- Mean M«JC. MI». lUIn. Suo«v, Edrlli creting himself on board a vessel sailing the next .hqsmnybe Selected. afforoinK «uberior J i L S LJknnster AJcock. lie was representing to a high Jofficial at Yeddotheratherunfairinequality between4faeJapanese buymg and filing prices. The digni-tarytowhombeaddressedbunselfdeignednoother. roxii^ter. Tlier. Tlier. Ihnr. tinieti timcb.quttktu. •naovismg for New-York. He returned without hav- . Riissell doclaree that he never saw Bailey until the or>oloi.W and"^wbate7e7"rnay ^ 2 ? ndvantagooafl'aiistobelargely owing to thejudicious course Jw>n»ry... 2B.M) 26° 4«° H° 1 1} 1 -latter came tohimwiththefir-tbatch of attracted ]%.:.. . . ,. -- '--'.»J wy uuo fate of our.*takeu by our Consular resident at this port. thesamecurrency embarrassmenthere,though,as vet, the dollar has not depreciated to so groat an ex-February...30.07 ^lwn-l;......3fl05 >prfl 2997 Mn> ....29.87,34 36 4€ 53 SB42 17 59 20 64 37 72 41 73 4»%4 3 76. 5 1 ..I.. I.ing collected a dollar. Ho describes Alabama as idnioBtdestitute of food, aiid looks to great suiferinrj f.raoj.gtheslavesfromtb2tcause.hondB and proposed th«ir application, as thev were AH-I men. ovrchl owfiv*r'/iu.(«.,. .« ~*^- ^t w ' ° **vw<lt*».trou» m«y be the money pauic,tbe>e^lands. LandWarrantsmaybetraasmitteofby moil directly to^the Land Offlee, accompanied withTthiI find12 13 10.....v .',..•„.Now >ays:2ST?ftr-usklrP.Y,u,kw» l^16 after^MissiL^ manhad^deliveredtheopeningaddresW. AlmosteveryJ11.. .. 1...x^ent;and M^h^ho^rfi^^l^^^ The'othermessengerfarednobettorinTennessee inducedsotodobythepersuasionofhL (kSeB.. .. ..was aniversaf. Yet in the midst of this breakingup, therewasnothingheardatthetavernsandrail-loudstationsbutthemad cry for'disunion. Ifa contraryiedi'ngexisted,itwasambhgthemehian>fr<ima-prominentandiufluentialeSYANKKZDOODLZ.—Ltu^^nightraTthetheater,thoFROMPHILADELPHIA.lic Works, and Mamiani of Public Instruction, have umphant stand made by John Quincy Adams in become strongly unpopular; Fauti, the Minister of \> t '^^m§&^i0^M(m'••''• WMMMM •*««-••:•.arrivedwith the-'^ll:J> ' - ' ' •••- ••' •-•'• -••• ••'• •' •-•'reineclybuttoaskariextension. Hence itisthat handsof those martyn oflibertyWho,for tho .The Prussians are not very BucoeBsful in get- those most heavily compfomised by Southern credits last twelve yearn, have been'in dungeons, or ex- said, howeverj that, forsome years'past*alargo tingatreatywithJapan. Theyhavehereorat arenowsufferingmoreseverelythananyotherclass iled in Piedmont. They are honorable men,The Kev. H. W . Beecher has manfully vindicated in this city the right of free speech, in the face ofpolicemen, and no pluck whatever, ignomitiiou sly The peculiar tendency of that great man to sur- - • Oi ; quailed before the same element, and permitted free round himself with political nullities has already, PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 26, 1860. speech to be strangled. W e have done with Aim. done more mischief to his popularity than he be- The complication of villainies to which Mr. Bucha- lcvcs. . • - .Say what they may of money being tight, of nan's ad.minietration have given birth and currency Austria, fully paralyzed by the Hungarian move-CHANAN.the blowing down of several new fire-proof go- some hundreds ot bullocks beside. In addition to miserable cowardice especially, is loud and deep. homes. Within three months, however, all of fhenadowns, in which were stored large amounts of tea, these were several hundred hordes, in Government unscathed by losses, undepleted in pocket. Per- Men even talk of not permitting him to again set must again be with their regiments. The countrysilk, and imported goods. Their loss is estimated employ, carrying dirt to fill out an island in the har- haps DOChristmas Eve of late years has poured foot in Pennsylvania. Money has been offered by rxeita herself to. the utmost for the coming war.at $100,000. The British brig-of-war Camilla ia bor, where the Government hope some day to see larger crowds into our streets, or more buyers one to buy the rope with which to hang him. An- Not less than ten categories of conscripts are un-missing. She left Hakodadi on the 30th of August the "red men" snugly isolated. The horse is into our fehops. Gaiety and rejoicing have other has volunteered to pay for erecting the gal- der arms in the old provinces;* 150,000 soldierafor Yokohama Bay, a week's run, and has not since the more common beast of burden; I have encoun- abounded, money has been spent profusely for lows. - A third proposes to buy Wheatland, that he can take the field even now, and Naples is to fur-ported as alive and well eared-for. The Hartford rem sins here but a few days, as the Commodore is steafcous of going to Hong Kong an eariy as possible to a*eet Minister Ward before the Litter's departure Sir America.WehaveintheBaythePrussianfrigatesThetisaad Arcona, Commodore SundewsJd, having on same typhoon of the 8th of September, and was lost ducfeu sometimes by a single driver' on a Well- heard the Prussian Envoy, Count- Eaienberg, who with her complement of 120.' Is not this a sad broken fast-walking lead horse, sometimes with sev-mayneveragainshowhimselfinLancaster. His nishanequalnumber. Still,accordingtoalltho . presents, and the juveniles have been quite as own partisans repudiate him, and by all but the advices from the south, the Neapolitan soldier iagenerally remembered as aforetime. , A t every office-holders he is literally spewed out. Neither scarcely worth as much as the mobilized NationalfaDoy shop whose windows gave token of Christ-S^ouonij and are a * .' They Mve in p«scterm!enemiesof Therentofthe. «mder diherest aai ftbe Stite. They; ' AreneSos, m the "<on the ban** OT ti ** Ibas. in tbe Sierra .•at niighty banitr 4>f the TaLarunut , Scrra Madre ai mixed up with tl o f Chihuahua trnxnari blood, and 1 jbalf-breede. ; • Both States of' abated; iubabi:e< wlikh are fall-bl only glottic* W ti nil nations ammeeting of Parliament, Gaeta and Messina, the last miles that coet thirteen dollars. I have discovered, ters in profusion. Good humor everywhere pre- in the Treasury—this old Public Functionary may two strongholds of the Bourbons, will have capita*the oeuntry may as well be opened to att nations as Japan. I came hither after a pleasant run of where the mares of Japan are at last As, I wrote vailed. The only panic was that occasioned by. find ihe public indignation poured in yet more con- luted to the besieging forces. ., v•,.«.'•'$:,: ,*»* Jew. Meantime the Count, with true German- five day8 per steamer, under the guidance, of naT in a recent letter I had.beenjn Japan one port and «U;EK7;»£-vengtcuusee on hi» ho»ry bead. Certain it i»,nh%ui, *ap: "Take your time, gentlemen, I am tive pilots. The G*lf Stream, flowing north-east- another for neurly a year, without seeing the femi- the-rush Tor 'Christmas' notions!. No secession that as Washington retired from office, cheered by Tlie JEmpeiW itf Austria is "step by step driven further on the path of coucessiouu. Baron Hubner »**p**ed bo wait a year if neve**&vy% but 1 want erly along the coast of Siphon, was. imperceptible nine of the horse fall I began to doubt if the male fear huDg heavy on/the public heart, no cry of the plaudits of his countrymen, so will Buchanan and Mr. Schmerliug, both of them dismissed fromThe Apaches inh boa, ana Hew-Me andwrittenabout xui tribe ofih< ' divided into innun <cf Chihuahua. Astoraacas of ihe - exi»t independeut 2>urbari«B. Ba lasgnsge, and U 1 with the Mexic* bigh and Himoiit. i"•*<**•treaty.**Arumor,wbi«kseemstomeverytous: butaswemadetheentranceofthe didnotpossessbinaryfunctions. Butitsallright breadorbloodwasheard,asSouthernjournals slinkawayfromhis,followedintowhateverobscu- theMinistry.onaccountoftheircomparativeliber- pku.*rible,in,thatthePrussianEnvoy demandsa Stra'tsofSangar we encountered a current now,theequilibriumofnatureisnotlost;intheisle havehumanely described ourcondition. Tho rityhemaycovetbythecursesofexasperatedmill- alism,areagaintoformpartoftheCabinet,Whilo treaty five from the serious defects of the present flowiag eastwardly with such velocity that we of Yeso. whore pastures aro green and grass is streets vlbre a perfect carnival under the glorious ions, a monument of human frailty, dishonesty, and Count Goiuchowsky returns to his post of Governor . . treeties, in which be is assisted by the other Treaty were'all day making the twenty-five or thirty sweet, the equine mother undisturbed rears her sunlight of the day and starlight of the evening. cowardice, on which impartial history can launch ho of Galicia. Still, even Hubner and Schmerling wiB•this Christmas has been a merry one all round. Dis- $7 50. T-ere is. reason to believe that thia firm fur- the downfall of the Empire.mirhed ikn jiioney by which theEnglioh bill WJIS car- From Germany, wc have nothing to record but aunion has not yet intimidated the heart of this com- ried thioc.v.h Cotgress. ITie • hintory of that infamous - .**Oh,foranhourofDundee," said the dispiritedspirit of Perry, who knew so well where to stop ture for stoniness. T o secure stones and nhingbM) July a to 6ej>t. 30, 1«60, (4 mos.).. .. 3«05 74 B,'lbS 35 ou his plantation, sent six of his choicest hands to a ment has been surrouhded T>y an organized gantr of prevent such a collision, prepares for the eventuality. *'\ . .he was poshedtheir petty intermeddling, is the feeling of every an- from the raypges* of fire, the dreaded element in - aoyed foreigner. Japan, the roofs are further ornamented with one orOne of those calamitous fires to which Yeddo is more tubs of water, of half-barrel shape and capac-Total. for 16 month* .. $23.C5(l 30rOKItI«M J»U1P» XHTKKHU IJNTO THK roKT <1* UAK0DARI.plunderers^and there is too much reason to fear thai He fears that England may sooner or later take ofhcuils eDjoymg his full and familiar confidence havebeen coucejuedwith therein schemes to rob the Gov- the part of Austria, and desires, therefore, toity, ready for a sudden emergency. Nowhere in tbe cOuffagration was dintincUy visible here. Japan have I seen the people so respectful and Mairy.buildiogswere burned, among them several civil. Koboisterous shouts of "Ohio," "Ohio,"'temples and one theater. In the latter a play was ccaeqng, attended by a large audience, the building waswrappedinthequick•spreading flames, anda large number of lives were lost.After the-first successes of the Allies in the Peiho,American wholom.......v • • • • • • * • * • *AJ An.«Tic»n nwjrrbnntttbipM >••••••••• IX T<i<g:i.'h me.cJiaiit »hip».. > • • • • » • • • • J \t J^u^]ii>Li iu«-n-of-wur...... frutcbmen-of-warfoutJj Ainerit-jLu merchant »li$p».inigiiOranceoonwinmgthe,<5h!aracter and venality ofsnljeetbrokeoutafewnights ago. The glare of10 9!note<>mmandit. Thenfollowedorderstosell themfor what they would bring, as money must he had,andtheywerefiuaDysoldat$700each. Thisratioof depreciation prevailed throughout. Negroes :.'Ibe Honec Committee of Investigation into the Inte-July1toTVc. 31,lWO........'•'opouwhich, in4 -ownpatrimony11839. Rnwinn Qies-of-wnr....'.. • » • • • • • • • • A O1&6Q.strengthen his navy. Germany remains in tbe mean- while divided, police-ridden and oppressed; alwny* aspiringto, butneverarrivingat,unityandfreedom.THE FAR,. 1; "command money. .Owners were in many cases f "r*d -bono* have been used forSpeculative purposes. compelled': to sell, while others sold from ap^Total.The above t<ablo is for the whole of the year 1859, prehension of the future. The distrust as to slave 'EightAund^ thousand dollars, it ie Said, were loanod^\jj '^L wPs1 1 1 \ £Untitled Documentllajors and company againtt the Department. An act,.. 7,2dZ14 4057700 therecanbenoimproprietymeayingthathi»Depart- Garibaldiwill;whileNapoleon, thoughwishing to> • • • • • > • • * 3.. ',•••••••*•, Xsiiu • l'•:i 517 • ..ft 135,122 «3Mexico, and rep]Judisns that tha •of their lands, ai . "who would nluxo. Klavery.. He iagainst the u<w , at tbeneedof tl . in the overthrow!, l a s been a m< s>itionsmanfor1 sothepreMatm.•* iShe Cbnrchj as ^(Qandaxa will c , KeydelosHai The revolutioi• dltferenteharact While thoro vae, thoo»her,uiSon •'3ogteextenouu .^wtt istbechU<pf the other, li ,^aieocedinth«v«£>v an order ofandreplacedby :3tort, snftrtucat< ^ipossesstoa of the^eneralhe put 1 onade bis broth oner, resq'^iri IStohtera on tbs.Apache*. Mo * gtha legitimate G beadof hii tef TJres, took it, ni ibere toi+uaviui,. -whole State wa i Indians. Don;iocwharebew the roeantixue. vIbe General i^o1 dara, carried oa ftatedinbattle o/DoaManuer; «onsw Oandsri hisbrother'sdt:tobedooawiJ)1* • ' • ' • > /' ;.,.,,, .'.,'••'.. ' , .nm NORTH-WEST...'. :.Cl'.V : /["How are you ?"3 saluted me at vyefy step; noii.quisitive crowd followed me from pitee to place aselsewhere it happens. Were I attired in a Japan-ese quilt and had my head shaved a la Japan, Icould not bare been more civilly , treated. I must and nine months of I860. durmg Mrv Fdlmore'S adniiuistration, and two hundredD«,»rh merchant ahfp«. Kuiwitai tiiercbant nljipn.ip».... .x- 1..— 1 ; "iV' •• ' i *seaboard slave-pen for sale, fixing last year's priceupon them, .$.1,700 each. The slave-dealer aenthim word they could not be sold. He then loweredthe price to $1,400,- and was answered they would ernment. Mr. Floyd has riot been allowed to remaintheseparties. Own."' ,-Ifhehasbeendeceivedtheblamei«hishudJioydsIBnotthefirstinstanceiuwhichtheTrust-ROBBERY.In regaid to boil lor Russell, it was agreed on insecurity in stock and other ordinary investments) ofavailing themselves^of the unusually favorable onpor-J v tunity now offeredofseettring the most desirable loca-gl jj the%Uowing-named gentle- tions of farming landain this portion of the great North- Virginia one man offered to sell bia entire property menfrom Missouri cameforward andentered into bmidtoM$£ty% «J $125,000, leayinR,the sum of «75,000 Weeti In this hind district, embracing over twelve ofdo not understand the present wishes and aspira- • .Burr norArnold experienced a greater fall in public '•" Guard, which, in discipline and drill, is equJ to tho ';m leifected with no other expense.I ItwillailOidmeplea«uro,ipon application nishanyinfoniniWinrelationtoparticularfocailona* or to render,all »Aeaid in my poweVto any who *£y/.,.•.'-•; •1'\>'•'!••/i, www.fultonhistory.com•taan' .-.:'•'' ••• 