 Till CLOSEOfTHEMIME* 8EiWI.Imstie and activity to duiaeat and iaactitoda la completeThe few strangers who remain are patientlywaiting for the caravansaries to close their doorsto take their departure, and then Newport, the ThetasteofiheStantoniauaextendsalsoto **«*»••'fijstrscopltkmassBCh,wiWB*o«ttoBor twaatw y a t w , t h e n u m b e r o f v i s i t e r s h a s b e e n s t e a d i l y o n t h * l a c r o s s e ,lMg for sterttag,aad drawing aa^inst stockstay, for bankers' Ding, 5.134 for francs. It j*ME01RA FROM THE WATERING PLACES, fashionable, will be given over to ennui until the adveat of another season, lite Atlantic House has now about forty guests,andtheOceanabout asmany. butbytheendof Our**«tMmUhof0©Mi#>fromthettieweekailthesewill haveleft1>rhome. Theproprie- tor of the Atlantic however, still keeps his attractions going. H is splendid band ia every day oa hand, and beof which there are six tn number, among whishi the Bpta o m D f•sthrhbor, Mr. Titos, has completed a five story mansion, sllon the first fi»r. Hers the America's owner, Kings- Isnd, rides like a king over the land, or lets a stranger obeerve the landscape from hishilltop observatory.sirable a summer resort, among which Is Its proximity t o New York, beta* only sweaty seven stiles distent from thecity.8teamr>oatecommuaicatotwtoser»ryday,a8Biw-tele, dx.,dcKM I prosniaad to send yon a line from this fay aad raahjonable resort, ao m m proper time coald be antectad than tale BBoratof. the aogiaalag of the and, or, to cot- i n f l a t e p h r a s e , t h e " c o t a m e a c e n i e n t " o f N a e j p o r t ' s l o a g vacationA tremeadons rare storm passed over Newport on Wed-nesday night, go furious was the clashing of the eie lions, here is the celebrated Weyer's cav», just seventeenmenu that it was deemed Imprudent for the sound boat, miles from Staunton; Eliot's Knob—a mountain commuid-the Metropolis, to put to sea. She was due at Newport, ing the most extensive view In the State, aad almost Al for they would name them as they read. Here summer The groves in the neighborhood, especially that at Uitr-etsarecrowdingthehail*and climbing thestairs. In dtgnantftiaeva.'wiJilong faces, a r e scrottalttaglaager bills, and rasbtsf nboat in frantie energy on this aeltUag day Anitons mothers are getting their "dear girts" from the flirtation owner*, where willing embmsen a r e beinggivenandanwillingadsux aald. AanaMartaaaiat tear herself from herEdward,and Sasau Jane iighs, "//faiutpatUr," onthebosomofAngusus.Butforitsannualrecurrencethiswouldbeadayofdis- gust. Tot how t**m theyoung soul gets htrdeaed to the alvemsty of teaccr partings. "We are here to-lay, and there tomorrow" ^wrta'.ion), and aofflcieat of philo sophy We kn >w what we knowOar CfttsklJl Corrsspondenie. MivxTAi.vHorss,QATSKIIX,August17,1360.fkf End ofthe Gay 3eoio«—r»e fTeafaer and Appearance (/the fbliage—Chaneefor Artists—A Land Slip—Extern pvr< Cbacertt—DHightfvl Scenery, dc. Thefashionablesummerresorthegira hisaboutcome.<Nantucketitaaisland,O!"Mariner'sSong.Theorganoftheplace is theKeyportExpress, a wellprintedandwelledited paper, issued weeklyandcon prettycertaintobecome,dividendpayingpro-tapascantstandtheircHtonfieldsandcanebrakesfora tummercampaign,neithercanthey"suck milasses •juidy and swing upon tie gates" all the year round. Acentsworta"ofcivilisation matbehad,evenatthe eipeoseof abaleofcottonorahagsneadofsugar,and where in i; to be found, where obtaioed? Why, first, In the [<u'trying effect* of Saratoga, internally administered,ana then to washingofftheuppercrust of aboriginal s.mplKtty in the sparkling sarfwhiih Breaks over t h e A(ui<iLeck. Yonwillsaythisispathologicallytreated.light promenade upon thefine piazzaoverlookingfour State* and any number of mountains, from Vermont to theHighlandsoftheHudson. Aglorioustimefortheart-isttribeisapproaching;thefoliageIsonlybeginningtodon its rich autumnal tints, and the changing skies of au-tumn will soonimpartthatvarietyandpictaresquenesstothelandscapewhichtheartisticeyedelightsin.' TheofFortHtmlltonandConeyIsland,ithisallthesweep ofthesoutherlybreezes,aadaffordsamorepicturesque vieworthelowerbaythananyotherspoteastofthe Narrows.As is pretty well known, among the residents at Bith is Barney Williams, the Irish comedian. By his acting Barney has managed to lay up a few pennies, and having doneso,helaidoutafewinthepurchaseofalittleclass ofseamen thatman her,endure thehardships, meetandescapethedangers,andreaptherichrewards oftheiravocation. ButNantuckethasotherattractions toofferthanthosewhichdrawtoherhospitableshore the curious sightseer or the merchantThediscipleofIsaacWaltonfindsafie!<*here for the exercise of his particular weakness on the waters that •unoucdth»island,whicharethrongedwith blue fish, mackerel,bass,swordfish,sharks,and,inshort,everyAmongtheincidentsofthe last fewweekshas been avisitfromtheyachtMargaret,oftheNewYork Yacht Club, which separated from the squadron on the nightsucceedingtheballatNewport,andafterapleaa>ut cruteeacrosstheSoundsxdalongtheLongIslandaad Jersey shores, came to anchor at this place, lowering her tnaigu and tiring a gun as she did so. She had oa board, inanottiontothecrew and sailingmaster, herowner, Mr. G. B. Smith and 0aptain Burrtll. During the evenlDg they were handsomely entertained at theMan sionHouse,tneofficersappearinginuniform.The occasion was celebrated by a grand hop, in wheh the yachtsmen took part, their blue and white dress contri- buting much to the brilliancy of the scene. The festivities were prolonged until a late hour in the morning, and th e Margaret on the following day bore away for New York, takingwithhertheregretsofallwhohadmadetheac- quaintanceofhergentlemanlyowneraadofficers.Weil, there is nothing like opening the pores for the re-ception of softening influences. The brightening balm the present time the guests number only about two hun-of Wales. Whiie I have been stopping at tho hotel— specks of tne genus pisres. The sportemau finds thefrom MmUiar Intercourse" wlvh society then strikes la. When De Soto discovered the Mtasmippl Valle/ he fo md no common schools, and tha census returns up to the presenttimedonotinformusthatthatInstitutiondred, jit»t sufficient for comiort and sociability, and the latter is now the order of the day and night here. W a havehadsemedelightfulhopsforthepantfewevenings,which by the way is much patronized l>y the betior class o! the tribe or Moses from atl parts of the country, and admirably kept by Mr. FranK Winchester—I h»ve mat BarneyWilliamsoften. His"shanty"isbutalittlescores covered with green headed plover, snipe, ducks, Seese, and every variety of marine fowls. Sailing, riding,atbing. "squantumlng.'t. e , clambakes, cbo*der par t<e, tec , will pleasantly occupy the time, and keep at a Safedistanceauddofytheassaultsofalegionofblue devilsletthemcomeasthicklyastheymayThe people, however, are a very nioe people—a very en- preciai i re i«K»ple—but the fact ii they have too much land, t b e y i n e UJO f a r a p a r t ; a n d a s i t i s a c c e s s a r y t o u n d e r ukeajourneytoseekingthea1vantagesofsociety,why theymakealongoneofit,andcomeNorm. Never,be- fore, perhaps, has this place enjoyed such patronage astheIt is a glorious old town, aud th e cheerful influence!Irishman than he is on the stage His rich brogue, h u that snrroucd you are here ever kept fresh in your in this neighborhood. A portion of the road ia front of and discussed. A motion was then made to ex-Osherman's wagon; the magnificent clifls overhinging the quite a panic among the timid portion ot the visiters; ocean, skirled by a narrow fisherman's path; and th; but it wissoon discovered that the accident had occurabout as be or she likes, and bet wen bathing, driving, dancing, flirting, and having fun generally, the morning and tne evening invariably make up the circle ofa happy dayThe fun rig at Bath is very good, and many professional a n d a m a t e u r s p i r t s f r o m t h e c i t y a r e c o n s u n t l y v i s i tnue cutter, Ight ship or tender run tn lor a short time; but you look in vain for any evidences of that great fleet •f vessels that, in Nantucket's golden days, inad her wharvesandgaveanairofbrisknesstotheplace.At the dock all the youngsters of the place are congre Et e d t o w i t n e s s t h e a r r i v a l o f t h e d a i l y b o a t , w h i c h i se only regular means of communication with the main- land ; for this affords th e only exr.itement th e Inhabitantscan reasonably calculate on Thetown is laid outwith some degree of regularity, ajd wears a quiet, cosy appearance, with its neat white houses and pleasant grounds about them. The paved streets are wide aad clean, and here and there in those less frequent •d vigorous crops of grass are seen springing up through the cobble stones—a sad evidence o the town's decay. There is but one hotel la town, from which I date m y letter, and that welt patronized, and, I may add, well kept.Ward A Co DoE. Whiwhouse,8on fcllorrt- souDoDoW a r d , C a i . . p l K u i C o DoDoJas. G.King&Sonsllerritt Trimble, Treasurer. 160 OtOFortyStepstheextremepointofidleexplorers. Nowno one is shown "King's Cottage," cast in the shade and l i t e r a l l y o b s c u r e d b y s o m a n y m u c h m o r e m a g n i d c e n t ,red at a perfectly safe distance. Thegreat quantity of rain in the past few weeks loosened th>; soil considerably near the summit of the South Mountain, a b o u t a m i l e i ^ o u t h o f t h e M o u n t a i n H j u B e ,60 00060 0006 0 0 0 060000 100 60NEW YORK HHtALD, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1860.-T11IPLB SHEETShrewsbury river about six or t e r n miles, u year by I of to-morrow closed inactive, at our quota-£ r e JadVBradford auppcts every wiU wittia will, £hiswiUlngsupply ofdrives,sails and dinners. Here L o d a T p r o r e a b i s t i t l e t o t h e h e a d o f t h e h o u s e , s u r -willcomaInatthedeathlikeafallblooledstag.The Aquldneok Agricultural Society hive been holding their annual fair wiUn a law miles * t a a city. I t waaopened and conducted under the most favorable auspices,and the attendance during the three days of the displaywas large andfashmnabla. Thespecimensof friitaadvegetablesexhibitedwerevarygood,andthecattleand X^r/res*«**<*"Tmm**«-r*«*****•****-SouthDevonsheepinasexcellentorderascould«uart,"thewholesouledBaldwin,ThomasJ.Michie,,4n 0*i*ral of Phxlmopky and Fotaoa—Oar Joarfaent be desired. GUmore's brass band eras tn attendance, James H. Skinner (son of the commodore), and others,andthetimepassedoffveryagreeably. Itissatisfactory / * * * / » • a i 0 u r a * f f 4 n # F l a e e s — ^ CWKI * « * * • . • • t o k n o w t h a t t h e f u n d a o f t h e S o c i e t y w e r e b e n s h i e d t oSeuvort~lU»okMem in Socidf-Tme Grand Bareda some extent by the proceeds of the fair.&c.» &c.»torl^Hed'Thorn Rose,"possessesgreatnaturalbeaulir. buckfish,andclam bakes without number. Herethe ssafy^aoh offersrwdlfacUttiesforbatbiiif,withoutthe wasagainstthebullsaadinfavorofthebean. Ia€>«r Wawpswt Ca>rr*ajpmmAane: Ntwrow.a^t.1,18*0."XTwhv live tnthepast ofthistime-honoredttme- loSgKwBlto'Berartlil lire the"pare.jadedfrom Kail River at eight o'clock P. at--,*0* pine in its dimensions—only fifteen miles; the. Natural did not arrive until long after tea. whea Bridge, one of the greatest curiosities In tae world, fifty t h e d i d a r r i v e • t h e g r e a t e s t d i f f i c u l t y w a s e x p e m i l e s , a a d t h e C y c l o p e a n To v e r s , t w e l v e m i l e s , a n d m o s t riecced to get her moored. No less thao eight haw- wonderful in their curious structure.board has to be pre engaged ia February. Here areno wood, half a mile distant, are hardly to be surpassed as a hotels—bless a kind Providence. Hare I would forever resort for picnic parties and for the agreeable andre-sers had to be put out, and several of these parted. The Within a day or two of all the springs, both sulphureousSoart, bat brllilaai " term" of exercises of the "faa- ttorm increased in violence until past midnight, whea It and chalybeate, tn whose invigorating water may almost Here it a foretaste of the blest hereafter.taaur," both toagae and too, three weeks of tke dog days lulled a little, and Captain Brown decided to prweed on be found the "Fountain of Yo'ath"—for which Poncede servetoInitiateyuarfayetleaandputanendtoyoar bisvoyage. Asomberofpassengerswhohalarmnged Leonsosighed—OaU*Nantucket Correspondence. OcsAX Hot ax. NAOTTCxn, Mt«.,Sept. 8,1860.to go oa thia boat, however , came t o the conclusion that follies. Three days, forsooth, of the ''season,'' •nfflcn f » tbey would not embark on such a tempestuous aigbt.many to record in their faabtcaable society exlatenee.the it appears that the storm was not felt at all In N ew empty fact that they have been seen at Newport. York, for the steamer Empire State arrived at Newportfromthatcity tnregulartime,anddidnotreportaay Thelastroseaafsommarhavewitheredontheirstem*, veryseveregalesatsee.and faded on the eheeaa of the bdUs d imdmttr ie; the leaves The orchards in and about the city have suffered gre%t ly by the storm. In many pl*ces the ground is strewnof the ftowara are being blown by the first breath of with spates and pears, and the flower gardens are entire* autumn,andthecrinolineofthedamesisflatteringina hstrippedofthurrosea. Thisisslightlyinanticipationhasty retreat. Washerwomen tad washerwomen's bask- of the autumnal fall which will concludes the work.Gazing from such a spot as this, At such a time-Well may our hearts believe Earth has no falser clime.O u r B a t h C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .BATH, LonO Island, August 27, I860.ITiBeachatBar*—RiPropinquitytoNevFort—Thriving Prospects af the Village—Barney Williams and HitWife—Accommodations in the Hotel—The Residences of Bath—Dances,UshingandSportGenerally,de,dc. Amongthereally pieaeant resorts intheimmediateExcellencies <f Nantucket-OptortmiHes for Angling— mated scene. The freighting of the early boat commesMjes create business where it does not exist PeopleThe sojourners at theOattkiUa aregatheringinflocks,indoor amusements, which, I see by the columns of the BSKALD, are to be on an extraordinary scale this season. The weather here, though we are up In the clouds, conti-reds—one of the most magoittcent entertammeaU, per- : Of course yoi do not'want a description >f the CaUklll occasion, and kindly extending an inviUtion to thehaps, ever seen in Newport was given by him on yester- i Mountains at this day, for who does not know the spot boarders at the other hotrls to be present and resolveday evening. As this was of the true Peruvian, and no- , where the beauties of Nature soothed Rip \ an Winkle themselves into a committee of the whole on sociality,thingofthe"sombrero"orderadmitted,therewaaapojrj intoaslumberth»tlastedforacentury—aspotthttta° whichwasacceptedandduly honored. UnfortunatelyIchance of seeing the show. However, what with the geulua of our lost Irving has immortalized—and from was very little acquainted with the nsinej of thosebrightly illuminated lawn andopen windovs, theun-j whichcanbebadaprospect,whichforextentand gran ladiesandgentlemenwhodonned thefanciei costume,mvited had an opportunity of being blessed ; , deur is perhaps without its equal in the world Nor do and lent a charm to t t e fairy scene. Miller's postillions,that opportunity afforded a beggar at a feast j you want any panegyric on the Mountain Hous*, that brigands, pollichinelles, Zouaves, National Guard,tbe pri rtlege of picking up a few crumbs o." observation. model ot country ootels, where order, co-nfort and quiet jockeys, Miss Columbia's peasant girls, marquises—andi very-body was not only in grand, but in the grandest < put the rural sojourner at his rase, in the midst of luxu.y such marquises, so beautifully dressed, and appropriate- touei,thewomenIneveryimaginablecoloroftnerain-Iandeieganseunsurpassedinourbestcityhot:1sLethim ly,too,withtheirmagnificentfiguresaulbeautifulfaces,bow, many ming.ing all its colors, except green; I saw , who seeks perfect rest, the freshest of air, aud the most raditnt wiih smile? and intelligence, types of Intel eastward While running up, two or three trolling linesnone "with verdure clad;" and the men in tne in rambledrees cost and Inevitable white cravat, with the hairparted ia the middle. O h , b u t these were very pretty1ttiein>n,sogentle,andyetsuchheroes—oCthedance.Inoticedoneyoungfellow,however,whowas notexacthupmthecostumematter. Henotonlyworenowhitecr»nu. but, horrors; h e w a s actually dragging a frockcoat. He-most have come from theSoutueru couatrysomewhere—mostlikelyVirginia,whoreamanbuys,ifbe can. a dress coat when he is married, and never beforethat important event of life or thereafter. He seemed,ho wever, to have a deceat regard for bis dereliction la the Virginia ia the little towu of Staunton—a town, even at Monduy morning last it w as resolved to have some serious matter of coat toils, and, unable to avail himself of Ubleaui in the evening. The politeness of the boarders at the quick expedient of the distinguished Basts whea ia this period of the nineteenth century, so delightfully pri Gregory 's was reciprocated by those at Baldwin's, where Rome, he kept close to the vtis of the room, and, evi- mitlveahd free from city innovations—1,300 inhabitants the performtnee too* ->lace. All the morning was occu-were let out to take blue dab, for bait. And the sport was most exciting. The blue fish, weighing from two to ten pounds, bite sharply, and it requires a strong arm to •ring tb?m safely in, aa they are a powerful and activeWnit« I*>d e n t l y a n n o y e d w i t h h i m s e l f , l o o k e d l i k e t h e P a d d y a t Dornybrook Fair, who wished that ''somebody wouM tread oa the tail of his coal "and i g n o r a n t p e o p l e w h o f a n c y t h a t a s h o r t h a r v e s tin EDgland is a gain to the United States because itputsupthepriceofbread9tuffs,whichweexport.These persons forget that for everybushel of wheatsent to England there are six or eight or ten con-sumed in this country, and that every advance of a centabushelissomuchthemoreextractedoutofthe American consumer's pocket; that cheap food's the life of trade and industry, and dear food adeath blow to both: that short harvests in Englandcheck the consumption of American cotton, a a d disturbthemoneymarket,notonlyinEurope,but in the United States; finally, that every cropthat is lost is so much property actually Aog. Von (,lsbxt>» beeistoxins.. grarosptques,BMllSSB COBTKS—r-.A»cs.r mao fahwas ana trnffss, de fates gra« de Strasbourg, de Diadaa, a la IsanUe.rearing theirstoeplsandtoweruponthe sitesof similar Mi t ^ P ^ 5f*.lB * • •Ha*BllOBi rang the tocsin of libertypaten sad challoe-the latter in regular u a i - S S Good 0 . - A ^ ^ ^ l - ^ g a u ,S l ^ , w ? »are directing their attention to boot and thoemaklng; b a t TM?>S!TMiEL£S*.Si"''*s—Bwffi°»SiSasthabusinesshasoalyrecentlybemcstailtshed,itIs not kaowa with what success Perhaps ia the future she may stand above lyna and Natlck inthe manufactureof shoesandboots;butatforwhaling,thepalmhatpattedaway from her, never to return, and la a few mors fears aNantucketwhalesh'pwill have becomeonlyarecollec- tionofthepeat.Otw Keyport t'orrMpondtac •, KsTrow, N. J.,Sept. 14,1*00de aossards sar socles B-rvnaasrs sewoaaa.be Musi isms d s f l^asst ( e l s M S sVU satavd l* i Wtntte a la 1BMS%Isoaasrs.^ unloaded. Lighten are employed to transfer the oil fromvassals to the shore, and It is aa expensive and dangerous »1 25; the same when it fell to $1 10; theymethod. New Bedford is now the great whaling port, say the same still, and yet they hare all office of the Assistant Treasurer:— while Naatu ket, /ear after year, is dec!ining. She once Total receiptsboasted of one hundred and fifty sail of vessels; now she the time been growing and shipping it by rail, and —For customsh*s but seventy or eighty, sad the number decreasesrauratmm,b o w a r ^ h ^ ^ i r * * * >•*••.• « M Maver/year. Under these circumstances the inhabitants makingmoneyat the business. Thepublic may Payments$107,640 42 89,000 110,4742$" ia equalled. And thai. 1think, » all the *eVoort "newT"The seaSUJ'WMWWSrTSrwSto takelarge supplies from here,in the fourth aad fifth mortgage suits.The follow-h 4 UffU ss^tJeTom^aloMry 'sadafter all*•*"** * ° °*|j|as> rhwasBs*sssssswlJMsssw- saswaaiai •••-• ssVPaswV VviAn-urnc Booas, Nswroav, R I , Sept. U, IBM. dear<r-titPhiliJsUl,Bsswa fasAq*u*m*/tar-sWww^wB Ms)j.1r*wJaJw»plT|«K »wJC.the streets are deserted, sad IBs trass sad shrubs are falltBf " t oNewport, wbioh bat a few weeks ago was the scout of tllb, pleasure s a d aatssatlow, mayaowbe Ukeaea t o amonument- Bert, too, Is Mr. PrestOat Macy's residence the Yacht Margaret—A JeUy lime on Shore—Entertain acceptances go at the latter figure, and loans on Untitled DocumentBt., Be.1 u n L, •P°.1,672,608 IT Mr. Marsh,thereceivercftheErieRailroad Company, has filed his reports for June aad July,did thethingspleodtily.andsuperb aspects of natural beauty that mouutiin landscape can furnish, turn his face towards the Catskills.lectual and physical beauty.p i e d i n m a k i n g c o s t u m e s a p p r o p r i a t e f o r t h e e v e n i n g , a n d it was most msavetlous how well all went off, considering the shortness oTtbe notice and the absence of%rehearsa1.. Nothingwasleft undonebyn%originators toinsuresue10 000Our Staunton Correspondence. SIACSTOS.Va,August30,1860.l«j cream and other luxuries were liberally supplied totheboardersandguests. Theroom,animmenseone,washandsomelydecoratedandterribiy crowded, and it Ssb Attimestheybitesofastthatitbecomestoomuch wasalmostimpossibletodesignateorevenseemorethan one third of the participants. Bed saw its ocsupaatinmyseif atavery early hour, long before midnight;butthesmallhoursofthemorningsawsomeoftheper-Howard Insurance CompanyDoSamufl T. Skldmore lianifl Allee W.WRissedAlfred Tobias6.0006,0002.000 6,000 3,000 1,700 10 000APrimi'tif Cityoftke South—Home*for PcHcal Mind;—Ai-:-tJar..-qfMintJulepsaniPretty Women—PublicSchools orStaunton—3omt Klegan'. Pruxxle Mansions, Ac, formers returning, and several a little the worse for One of the most charming spots known in all Western wear.Arriving offthePoint,thevesselwasanchoredin sixfathomsofwater,andpreparationsmadeforthesharks.A third of a blue fish is placed upon a large shark hook,attached to a long and etout rope, thrown overbourd andallowed to rest 6pm the bottom. In the meanwhile the not repeat at length whttt we have so often said— Skipper cuts up some flsh and tosses the pieces in tha sea that an improvement in the British harvest is a •bout the vessel, which attract the sharks about ourhooka in great numb rs. Your sand shark is a ravenous matter of rejoicing here. There are shortsighted m o n s t e r , l i t t l e I n c l i n e d t o i e a s i u p o n m a n , b u t w i t h ukeen appreciation for blue fish. At first he gertly nib-bles at the bait, then, growing less fastidious, seizjs andswallows it.andstarts fordeepwater,where he candigest Ituninterrupted bytheothersIntheschool. HeV. I, BuxtonIrvingSivinpInstitution.. 60 0W 100 10a n d s e v e n t y - t w o m i l e s a b o v e t i d e w a t e r , n e s t l e d i n a v a l l e y surrounded by hills, and in the direct route to the famous Virginia Springs I have seldom viaited a more lovely orromantic spot. A'terthefrivolities ofSaratoga,howsurrounded by every beauty of nature, is life for the •many from the neighboring houses and hotels. poet and for the epicure—for who has not heard of the6 0 0 0 0 Manhattan Sav-Dgslnstitu'n 260.000 Do 260000 Do 250,000 Do 260000 Seamen'* Bank far Savings. 60 000 Do W.OOO Do 60.000 j)0 60 C00 Do 50-000 Do 50 0O01<?2 1 2 1:0 62 10102 10127 101.76 102 60 10225 102 101 76 10160 10125 101Ontheopeningof thesupperroomstheusualcar:,iveror.s ferocity was displayed m the rush oa the door,but delicious to turn to the hospitable, warm hearted and c<sa The appointments, accessories, he., were gotten up who holds the line is not left in Ignorance long of the true only theoilbiroswersletinto"peck,"and theyoung cordial entertainmentofthegenial Southerner. Here, asifbymagic,audbynineo'clockthatevening thecur- stateofaffairs,torassoonasthemonsterfeels thebtrbones left to flutter a little longer outside. One thing I not.corf particularly—all the men seemed to be carrying I.ttie nasi or caps in their bands; Is this usual, or may it havebeenonthisspecialoccasiontotestifyuadelicrte way their contempt for anything like the sombrero;tsin rose to an auuunce of at least eirht hundred persons, be makes a rush, like a team of horses, and ten to one"mountainmutton"andvenisonofthislegion,theOur Rye Correspondence.hauls the fisherman overboard if he U not cautioul Finding his. progress interrupted, h» settles down and allowshimselftobepulledslowlyupuntilheseesthe vet'sel, whea his efforts to escape are most vio!?nt. Dash-delicate Iliad chicken—a dish peculiar to the moun-Many ladMS wore feathers asm. Could thi t have possi >ly tains, and once tasted never forgotten—and the silver The Original Pripneton of Rye—Mannersing Mand—A S to the one side, and quickly turning and rushing theRYI, Westchester County, Sept. 4,1860..fiu which bad contributed so inach to their present colored trout, epeckled with crimson, dying with all its Philological QHagmire—The Distingui fltmiltei and fAeir to hold him; and when, finally exhausted, his head reachesDc 50 000 100 50 East River Saviars Instil a 25.000 100been ir- compliment t o that "raro ami" (especially) " t ner way, he gives two m en all they want to attend toetiterutasasatr gorgeous beauty, like an expiring sunset, How cou«yniat DelBDatco provided the sapper. Louis—the original to the spirits is this rartfied air. As a dtatlnguished •-*-V/a*garom*,andballadosenofhishandsomest Marylanderremarked,atapartyhere,thathe«hadtraMansions, dx , dc. the side of the boat, he lashes the sea into r. fotm, mingled with his blood, and not until his long and villanom noseMary MartinCom. of Sinking Fund I.VonHoffmankOo4,500 101. 126 000 1026,000 10082 e.:<oo 10102Ponus,theSachem,wastheoriginalproprietororthis receivesablowfromthetillrisitpoMbletopullhim Swiss were Imported from Chambers street for th e ocsa veiled leagues, both In the Old World and the New, but lovely land, which, in 1640, took its name—Ponlngoe— upon deck. They don't present a pleasant appearanceDoDofi000 101 23 u.oOO 1005.000 100 10 2 000 101 3000 100 40stoa. a aaairbe of "i>ei.V would htve felt himself quite never had he tasted better brandy or seen prettier at home among these familiar faces, surmounting therather unfami tar white neckcloths, and thou- ministering women;" and, apropos of the former, I must speak of thatbam'• in actually clean berlina. One bewildered genvie peculiar institution of this State (the state of sin andman aciaaily gave Arnold his usual breakfast order in a misery), the " hail atorm," yclept\nint julep," which wn»;>er— - c t v a la coco, e< a>s»» r*» second, but soon comes to you congealed in its ow n frostwork—herecovensf himself, he demanded in a much louder lone— icicles hanging pendant from Its rim In the most tempting - Galahmt d^/sisaat ana tmftt."As i t la almost s a awe to read about good things a s t o manner, with just mint and good brandy enough to aniafrom him. Succeeding him came th e Dutch West India lying out on deck, s s they open and clo^e that powerful6 000 2o 000 10201 29,000eat them, 1 send you a copy of the carte on this occasion :—one, like OllverT wtst, constantly sigh for " more " afterthe accustomed sized goblet has been drained. Thisplace is distinguished, too, for its schools. Thereare several female seminaries of note, a hospi-tal for the inline, and the popular institutionfor the deaf, dumb and the blind. under the charge of thescientific and accomplished Dr Merltat, stands second tonone ia the country. The principal, Dr. Merlutt, sad sion of an affectionate clergy, nor the mandate of epls the services of Dr. Mills were rortunately notcaUed tntocovery of the British crops should prove injurious Marinerfc" Saving* institat'a to the West; the course of the stock market proves Josiah Macy's Son-2 COO30,000S0.00086.000 102 61 26.004?r.» ;I ; {[BraryBasktwttwaua aasadlnfcme'tJihs'taasr^Iftii7.'?ihelown'*odcom•teak from a sword flsh, and I caa conUdontlv say thatin New Hampshire, have, la Rye Beach, handed down It excels in delicacy of flavor any other fish I ever tasted. that these views are entertained by not a few.They are, however, baseless. The West willthrive with much lower prices for grain than those his piivate virtues. Here is the home of Bishop Mcll Commodore Joseph Boyden, and Hon. 8 E. Staples, Pur now ruling. Of course we shall be told that wheatSchenectady Ujurai.ce Co.. b.vOO 100 Do 6 M>) 100 26 Do 6.GO0 1>A) 56.—.. ~ StEwrorr, W Aoul li*).DN DOBXaNT. n aasc.;£*• d'osurrss uariea, OUves Bapajsaol farota. rovaot LsCoasosaaae de Voiauls.n.kacs.Lea a'ats de b wuf, a la RoiaiealidLan beurre de MooaselUar UsJamboasdeWes-phaiie.alasalsa.bsa fiomasas de Ungues, a 1'BsaFlslii.their remembrance of the birthplace of their ancestors It urpasses anything else caught in American waters. At HereJayIsburled,andherehisdescendantsperpetuate nightwesailedh.me,withvoraciousappetites,whichwere satiated with a!, manner of flsh, cooked in every style.McKim&Co,Baltimore... iC000 lot01rice principal, Mr. (Jove!, have nourished the institution with a fostering sad parental care, and to them must ac- crue the satisfaction of the Increasing growth and pjj'u tarityoftheobjectoftheir Idolatry.I Iponthe oak gemmed summit of a neighboring hill stands the villa of Dr. Mertlat—a peculiarly picturesque The taste of its occupants has left nothing undone it most enchanting. Bert the grand oak rearsto{^^totely hand and willow waves tn melancholy beauty— iSaaThVTlTim* ^ •"•'•tocratic pnde and the rose vinoscopal conventions. can drive to tear himself away fromthat point. But these aasertioM must not be im-O. A. Locke 100,000 Do 100,000 Do 1000C0 Do 100.000 Do 100.000L. T Becnett 4,000102 40 102 46 10256 192 60 102 0o 100.100 000100.004looioo 100>» 130,006UeaanaS<TMaWi, uo Ssog* gi s m a • * » * "alia from its luxuriantwhichthebirdnesT e smllsatveteransefMia_«?^!r,",^>n' °r th*remainingthecareeroftheyachtMaaoeretegfui-TT^•twhtsTha Howe&yion,oneoftalmo^i, ^Z0."*"«;Waacoof thechampionship,will probably^refaTsil Sural?mseitlelera's. soHne,rwehtohhisasutaon-dnaeyratng was built by Klrbv to* legalworldknowntotheState,anul newunnamed twen- ^ha sMatln ty eight feet boat hoasitso tdraiayl tarkaepn, eaclnip«swinugnanlalmhaetdtVer-m,-e„rresidence of femswdore anuSLl "*ever seen, is th ecopal and Lutheran stand most P / » ^ " * £ ^ Ltectum! proportions. Tne latter h atReseat *n*r*8*mfinitssatiationaabeingthe ^•hmj^Mr^OUtafftjinvested in stocks;thetidenowteemsto bewhen reached is so quiet and pleasant, that one here in- stantly forgets the troubles of business and throws dull careaway.attractions than the Island or Nantucket. Bere, far away from the smoke and dust, the turmoil and busy strifeofyour "pentup Utica,"thetireddenizenofthe town mayforget the cares and excitements of hisIs strongly democratic, though the ranks of the party are equally divided tn regard to Douglas and Breckinridge, for whichreasonitisveryprobablethattheBollandEverett ticketwillcarrythecountybya slightplurality, unless afusionofsomekind is effected, similartothatinNewBathisnotableformanythingsingeneral,and foronelike swallows, preparatory for a flight to more congenial thing In particular. It has a beach which, resembling tn bustling avocation, from which he is#separated by a York.regions. Thosewhohavespenta long vacation at(his mountain palace are beginning to break camp and fall back upon thecities—theirdust,theirlabors,andtheirIts semicircular curve that atNewport, even surpasses the one at that famous watering place for Its sheivy, smooth surface, which, for bathing purposes, is safe for ladies, and even children, when alone and unprotected."wasteofwaters,"andgainanewleaseoflifefromthe pure and invigorating sea breeze that comes in all hoarsThehotelsherearefour Innumber, asfollows:—Th* Mansion House, kept by Mr. B P. Middletoa (f>rm8rly proprietor of the Howard Hotel, New York); the Pavilion, theAtlanticand theGreen GroveMansion. Besidetbo hotels there are Innumerable private boarding houses, many of them bordering on the beach. The accommoda tions at the Mansion House are of an excellent character, and the guests there are decidedly of the opinion that thaIt i.» tolly t» suppose that any "irrepressible conflict"tt '-non intercourse reeolttttoas" have shortened the ran1000 Narthern watering places. Yoar friends from Atta- nuea very delightful, not a bit too cool even for a moon- here. Lying, as Bath does, between the projecting points and its capto -s—the weather-beaten thlp, and (he hardy proprietor "can keep a hotel."MountainHousehashadaveryfairseason,althughat"shanty,"ashecallsit,butwhichisreallyfitforthePrincehas yet been much favored lu thesaid locality. variedbysomeadmirableconcertedsinging, whichthe walkdistantaccidental presence of a number of professional and a m a t e u r m u s i c i a n s h a p p i l y a f f o r d e d . M r . M a i l e r , t h e wellknownorganistfromAlbany,together withtwoor threeotherAlbaniansofthemusicalorderandafewfolks attached to a Brooklyn choir, comprise an excellent e x .Here, to m y thinking, Barney Is mire of the trueThe effect of the recent heavy rain storm is very visiblem e m o r y i n a f t e r d a y s . Tbowaytrgetbereisasplainasapikestaff. TaketheCapeCodRailroadtoHyanis,whereyouwillfindthe the suamboat Island Home, a com'ortabie and pleasant •raft, which will bring you to Nantucket in about t voport(withasighIadmitit)forfourteenyears,andnow serviceswerehadinthefornoonandeveiiinginthelarge liu-rary wtrld as"Richelieu" Robinson HaIssetose bankormiston theedge ofthehorison. Asyou ap Newport is better—and more of Ii—than it ever was be- parlor, at which Rev. Dr. Strong, of New York, who is neighbor of Barney's. They may be said to travel in •roach the Island the water assumes a lighter hue, indi- rusticatinghere,officiated,audourimprovised choir ctuples,andyoucanwellImaginethatweatthehotel catingthepositionofthefamousshoals. Thechannelto fore. I don't mean in the people who go there, but in rang the hymns and chants. After the evening serrice are always rejoiced to see their smiling faces aad hear the harbor is w r y intricate, and to the inexperiencedtheimprovementoftheplace. Fourteenyearsagoitwas ourmusicaltravellerstreatedustosomeofthefinestsa-all hotels and comparaihei/ but few cottages. Thencottage people were looked upon as a *>tof temporary It must cot be suppwed, because the visiters to theprincrs.whosecludedthemselvesIntheirvillas,oc- mountainswt>havespentih-ientiresummerherearecasionally coming to the hotels incog (which, by takins their Ceparture, that the reign of pleasure'<*overthe way, tbey were very glui to do}, and Hiring soma at the CaUkUls. Bv no means, f'resh visiters are ar-encouragementby their presence totheordinarytvo riving?veryday. fhestagesthatctrrydownpeopletodollar »nd a-bair a day p*.-opt«, al their hops aud dances. every boat and train usuiily return from the village ladenThen I remember "King's Cottage," dismal In its closed with new comers, who, though their stay mty be short, suddenly disappear, to return with the next summer.shutter» and deserted grounds, was pointed out to the anticipate ant will certainly realize abundant eny)jment The hotel at Bath is pleasant and commodious. Thestranger as the chateau of a China merchant prince, and tn the charming season before ttieta Tne >u.gi jorhoo.l quests seem to enjoy themselves with a i*»rfe;t freedom,an ornament to the Island. Then the whole "Neck," as it of the Mountain House was the scene of an extensive land and without any" formal restraint. Everybody doe* for sea. A few coasting vessels, and occasionally a reve-cred songs it was ever my good fortune to listen to.IKcalieii, was a barren watte, untraversed except by the slide cc Thursday last, which for a few moments createdtheirrollickingvoices. mariner extremely dangerous; but the steamboat There is one feature about this village which looks Wines hither and thither, under reduced speed, in 'strange. Nearly all the houses in it owned by the per- Crrfect safety, guided by the pilot's hand. The manentresidents'haveonthemuToLet."Wnether Ightr part of thetown maybeseen several this meant that they sre tired or the place, or wish to miles from the harbor, but not until you swing around"The Ne:k" is covered with handsome villas, whica and at ten o'clock on Thursdiy miming an ing it.wouldshowwallinanycountry; Belleview avmueoocu, immense portion of rock and clay nave way1 0 0 0 0piesthesite of tlie roaU tothe'Boathouse,"a broad, level carriage drive, now the "Corso * of Newport. The Kort evenings, the Beach evenings, the drive t» the "Tea-bouse' and • tilen ' are now no longer the excitement of the day, but the grand parade of the afternoon ia th e r< ustaiit passing and repassing of every style of equipage, filled with lovely women, fresh flowers and bright colors,and camethundering downwithaterridc noise,taaring away the trees before it,and leavings broadecarupon the forehead of the mountain, apparently about half aCorrespondence.6C/.0Oen thu gay Corso, in miniature rivalling Hyde Park or the ' terest to the greedy sightseer.Itois de Boulogne. One of your wor d known Aldermen was here a few daysago—one of the most conspicuous in those expensive r iceptlons for which the commercial metropolis is so fa From the imposing four ia band to the diminutive cur- ; mens—and the appearance of his name on the regisi r nc.e, and even donkey wagon, the avenu has been j made quite a sensation among the visiters from othercrowdedeveryafternoxi withtnemonotonousrecurrence• cities Everyonewssanxi astogetalookathim,aniof the name faces, untn one is surfeited with the nods of ! evidently expected to see an individual ia white hat and yellow gloves, who could run up a hundred th osand do!The Governor is determined to call an extra session of the Legislatnre on the 14th of January, to decide re lative to the sale of the James River canal.Do.Tno C Greenemile in Iccgthvillage quiteyears to come, until nature fills up the gap with a newThis unceemly rent is vueible from the distinctly, and doubtless will bo s -en forDo Camtnann &Co DoDoDogrowth of brushwood, and will form another feature of in-ricals, dc., de.Your correspondent has just returned from a tempera r j sojourn at this cliarmias; watering pla>c, entitled to the latt r appellation b y i t s veritable founts o f t h e pure limpid liquid. You have a lake in front of the hiel of surpassing beauty and pleturesquoness, com prising an area, as we learn, of some nine miles, dotted withseveralprettyislands.The James River Carnal. Ricaaoxo, Va , Sep. 13, 1S6060000 6.0C0 5000 6000 6,000 6.0C0 6C0 000 60 000 100 000 100 000 130000 Ewig't Indus. 8av. Bank... 200,000Tne lake is said to be over 1,000 feet above the level of recognition and "wreathed smiles'* of this "Vanity ! lar bill against the city for the same with an ease and the sea; by whom surveyed I have not been able to dis-FINANCIAL A N D COMMERCIAL.H.B*amGerman Savings Bank 25 000 10167i a . r " I coolness unknown outside o f Gotham The municipal offl Improvements are prorressing (as the papers say) la |Do 26.000 Do 26.000accordance with the prosperity of the country. Amiug ' ctal, however, did not spot his gala costume on theothers, Mr Belmont is building upon one of the most j mountains, but ^appeared sa an ordinary undistinguished Wo get to the lake by Harlem cars of about fifty mile.beiutiful locations on the island—a lit lying between ; tourist, tinocent of yellow kids and public peculation travel aud five miles of staging, costing for the three andMr l.uj.ow s cottage and Mr. Bancroft's, ruuning iron < For those who desire to enpy mountain scenery in its one half hours' travel SI 85, and by Pceekakill uearly the Bel.evue avenue back to the ocean. Mr. Birela has com pride and glory, now is the tim« to pay a visit to the same, with some fourteen miles of staging, taking but lit- pleted a magnificent, I im^ht almost say, palace oa tn° j Catskills The streams are all tn lull fl>M, and every tle Ifiiger time in the journeyline of cliffs, overlooking the ocean. gorge presents its littl* cataract. Th« great walerUll Ou Friday tight some enterprising, ardent and obligingIfatmees and soirees (diKiiewae, I suppose) arc just now : wis never in finer condition, and tn a week train no v the j ouig gentlemen at Gregory's gave a fancy ball, haviugcrowding each other in rapid succession. Apropos of B v trees will tie resplendent with autumnal foliage. formed themselves previously into a committee tor th e Of a too susceptible nature.100So far a s I can learn, a fatal accidenth a s never occurredu n c t i o u s h u m o r , a n d h i s i r r e p r e s s i b l e d e s i r e t o d o s o m e - thingforsomtbO'ty,comeoutsadshowthemselvesiaall tfceirglory. AtthehopsgtvenonWein»»d»yandSUur day evi uings both Barney and his wife are almost always present, and among the handsomest women aud the moitt h e M t c t i o n H o u s e w a s u n d e r m i n e d a n d c a r r i e d a w a y , leavingadeep,Impassablegully,whichunowbeingre graaed Middletowa creekwassoswollenthatat one time it was fcaret the diawbridge leading to Cliff rood would be swept away b y the force of the currentp e l t h e b a n k f r o m t h e C l e a r i n g H o u s e . B e f o r e , however,thiswasputtothevoteanamendment was moved, referring back the whole subject to thespecialcommitteeforfurtherexamination,with aninstructionthattheyreport in a week. This was unanimously adopted, and the meeting ad- journed.Thebidsfor$3,000,000ofthefloatingdebtfund citystockwereopenedattwoP.M.to-daybythe Comptroller. The amount bid for was $4,320,000; the awards were a t various rates from 101.06 t o 101.03. The following is the list:—Amount Rate Axeptedpresent •casern, never have hmt.-i innkeepers had merecauseofgratuiation. OurfrientlKemerhathrubbedhis temporequartetteclubandchorus,whose strainsattract graceful dancersisthe"YankeeGay Mrs.BarneyWil hours ThesaUacrossMartha'sVineyardso<indiaadehaads "mit"satisfaction, hathreapedmany of laurels anaudience which fills the parlor ev%ryevening,and lianas llghtfolone,andttitiswonderful hew it sharpensthe•'anddooeoderdicge,' whichharemoreofconsolation keepthesentimental promenadersoftheptazaalaa AnothersummerresidentofBath,whohashislittlecot aspetiteandbracesupthebody, inhour'ssail willin tht-m than mere bitter leaves. I have known New- dream of bliss yesterday, being the oabbath, religi us Use by the tea, is W E Robinson, better known in the bring yea in sight of the island, laying Idee a narrow per, at which toasts were offered, aad speeches made bycover .TrjMDAY, Sept. 18—6 P . M.leave the island to engage in seafaring life or seek exports (exclusive of specie) from New York to101.27 101 07 100 77Do 26.000Dry Dock Savings Inat'tion. 50 000 10101MahopatLAKI MAHOI'AC, Sept. 8,1860.60,000100 T« 10064 1010010170 102 00 100 30100 76 10105loos; 10125 10100 ICO 05 1i/C OS 1000T 10161 100 00iiOur LakeThe Beauty of the Lakes—A Grand Pitney Bali—Theat-Company ; succeeding them, first throe owners, and then m .re than three hundred-under jaw, lined with three ro*sof sharp, long teeth with a grating sound and one would prefer not to beth-own In S°mp^n^ Mt t h t h e m m t h e l r element. Ahalf dozen white bellied Telh^ rewarded our efforts, their length beinr from five to ten feet. The much dreaded and rarer man- eater is much larger than the s*nd fchark, and more tena- cious o f life. Sword fish m a y b o caugnt about N a n - tucket of great size and power. They are harpooned,C. D e l ' Field DoBlind brook and Byram river irrigate the soil, which Isalso traversed by those stationary arteries, the best andmost beautiful roads. When the place passed t o the Eng-liah one branch of a good old fnmlly chrlatenel it Rye,after their British home; whilst another branch, settling •nd their flesh is considered a great delicacy. I a t e aHenry Von GUhnvain, of Ohio, whom neither bishoprics, nor the persua ser, of Worcester, were the officers of the party, while Service. ,DoDoRichard A ReadtogIO.OOC 102 10 000 50,000 102 50 60,004 8.000 10-i. 8.00015 000 102 65 16,000Rye.HerearethePresbyterianandEpiscopalchurches,The Plages;ofsisteratet, onthesouth shore;Sau- kotay Head, the south shore; Siuantuas, Ac , I have not"Whenwheatwasworth$2a£T " / wThe decline of Nantucket as a whaling port may beWWoryaad religion to! many attributed to th e ftllinf up of the channel to the harbor, a dearly slain patriot. Christ church still retaia. n £ w-ich pre Teats vessels from crossing the shoals, unlessh U , t t r i b u t e o r • " £ £ ? \ !Receipuportamountsto$87,77742.The Chicago Press, under date of Friday afternoon last, reports as follows of that market :— The demand for Eastern exchange to-day was grantee ^•ty of the dead. The hotels are on the are of closing, JfS^J^-JS^H^V79 « « * «Poi tha stsgaat f>'» sons.' aad neighboring those of the Oornu «, the neat «t the Evening at the Mansion House—the Meoent call are occasionally made at the same rate. The Utaa tha luppiy, and rates ware consequently arm. O aNoffttr1oorBUads8Bvf>Uth078,86614 Theavailablebalanceonhandbythelastre-^ s l * Jb* dasoeadent. first trips. Here is themost perfect and stately mansionlion of whi * em s bu dt by"***** a £ £ ~ » . • PO' in the Stats—the granite castle of the Chaoeaaas, with its the Close of the Season—Keypr-rt as m Watering Place—frdiningroomstillstands,whichwmv&tfuZZ Jp' faultlessarchitecturesaditsarcanehospitalitiesand lnducmmtt--Batki*t, BoatingendPishing—TheRushbanqueting hall, and in whtch, sadonTteiy/w.? m L ! Bear tt that of Dr. f 'key, af whose thorough education"••I***"*- toasting taa starry lass This U infa* aad profeae.onai success the general health Isa standtos af VitHtrt—Bottl Axommodatiens—Politics—Visit tf withexceptional transactions at 6}. VeryprimeBird'sNest tawiraonBellaadwaddedlove's first wakes, thePalmers, oa toe beautiful ridge ofcreation.thefineresidenceof ••Noru saraat. Bars the Parsons, within without their hcsp'iable mansion, practiseThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069That antsryrlataf little v • itage, delightfully situated o a haSouLhnrtiahor*Vlh«!?•-'«•» w«_-_.• ..- «complaintsofawantofmoney.rates;butthebankersareselHnfonlytotheircusuanara at w per osnt. The unsettled state c f th* grain marketopposite his venerable father's, the father of •Josiah Ma'www.fultonhistory.cotmIo mtheir family motto, " Ftrfufti &^**TMJ ' :'' year rising iato popularity as a wmiatiaf pi*** Since its •teas of yesterday,ex Senator Kinney, m » of the wealthiest men in the town,and Ibe magnificent mention of Mr » » l a *£»"«**•-t i d e r e o t h e h a n d s o m e s t in t h e v a l l e y , a a d c a l l e d t h e » e wYorkHouse''fromItsnorthernstyla. • „h„-,i,iM roundinghimself withsomanyfriendsthathecan hard andatthepresentwritingUshotelsanoveniowtng with rumored that some of the bankers aref bespokenofexcept ssLoderandCompany;andhis guests. Manyr«uwjMb*T»c«nbtocitosBa«s> tt so «•-For two or three yean the English have sent very little money here to be Iayoungclergymanofdevotiontoits l»»rw^»w»»ai Barethebathinghasasandbeach,madeon purposetor IngapteataatisiloftwofcjoMsaaaBmlf downthebay turning.1 in h 5 work sad who. while be charms the ear by his It by the Maker of the sand, and the Sound yields seven- aad a magnificent view of the AttaBticOoaaa, 8aady Hook,tsssaa**FLT poacher/is beloved as pastor The " m o teen pound blue uah, four pound eels, snapping mackerel, the Highlands and the approaches to New York harbor. A The coarse of the stock market tins morningBere Setae bones of many men of valot-andTMnow s, many asWs mothers and proud sonsr here rest the d e a d - thedeacendants of a Wssh.ngton, a Wirt s a d a Patrickmost thrttly locusts line the carriage ways on either sure, shading both t h e forenoon a n d afternoon drives. 2re Berrian's school for boys has turned out some of the est minds in th e country; and Professoa Norton h a s Toed anothercollege. Heremuchofthebestliteratureleast danger of accident, Bandy Hook in the distance con stituting a natural breakwater whksh precladea t t e Poa*< blittyofanundertow. Nooccurrenceof thatkiad itat yetrecordedofthebathingatKeyport. Thecalmwaterssome stocks the recent advance has inducedsales for the sake of realizing profits; while others sym- pathize with breadstuffs,anddeclineonthenews fromEurope.Amongthelattermaybeclassedwiththetalentandpromiseofthepresent?Whya'toge^ t h e r l i v e i n t h e l i v e s o f t h o s e t h a t h a v e g o n e b e f o r e ? With such attractionatof the animate and inanimate, who would not visit the VaUey of Virginia? To the lover ofofnoordinarykindtotheloversofaquatloandpawato serve their proud and careful owners. Here beauty thirteen miles distent, partially bordering upon andwhichwerelowerto-day.Centralwasalsoafrac- tion lower, seemingly on sales by parties who had bought at lowerfiguresand who thought it well to secure profits. T h e decline in Erie and Harlem was to be expected. There is nothing in the coa- ditionofthesepropertiestowarranttherecentad- vance. The Harlem, as.we noticed some time since, is not paying it* interest; the Erie is perhaps earning its interest, bet nothing more. Under Mr. Marsh the road is administered better than ever before; but no administration, however excellent, caathedaycomesfromthepeasofMrWrightandMrs.ofthebay,whichisaboutfivemileaindianeter,andHavens HereFeoimoreCooperwasInspiredtohisaboundsinseabassandweakfish,presentinducements IllinoisCentral,BockIslandandGalena,allofwork. Here horses, costing $1,600 apiece, and travailing%Z\ to the mile, or seventeen miles an hour per day, rial amusement, while a good plank road to Freehold.wins the apple; but ««what's In a name?" especially as saost of them are likely to be changed; and then into what a dilemma they would throw your varied readers,crossing Middletowa creek and winding through a vary pleasant section of the country, aftords a delightful drira.dwell.freshing coolness of their shads.Keyport, 11not the largest and most populated, Is cer- tainly the busiest and most Important place In Monmouth county. It « the avenue through which the immense quantity of produce of that county is introduced to the aity. Twosteamboatsandafleetofsloopsandschooners are engaged in carrying this product to New York, aad the departure of the steambotte each day Is a most ani-Hear! ye fashion leavers, nothing eta exceed The oomin' through the Rye.Occitpatum for (he Sportsman—the Way to Beach Nan- between five and tix o'clock each morning, and continues untilsheleavesataquarterpastseven,duringwhich tucket—Abundance of the GtnOe Sex—Captivating timethecountrywagons,ladenwithallvarietiesof pro-Glances from Bright Eves—Disproportion of Males and duce, are momentarily arriving aad taking their places tn Female*—Exciting Pishing and Sharkim Expedition— a line extending from the wharf to a considerable dis-whobnythesestocksdoaonotbecausetheyhave anyfaithIntheirvalne,butinthe hopethatother speculators, more reckless than they, will hereafter takethemofftheirhandsatanadvance.These remarks, it is hardly necessary to add, do not ap* ply to the Western shares, which either are, or areInscriptionoftheModeOb$ened—lh<DeclinecfNan- tucketat a Trading Place, dc , dc.tanceintothevillage.Thisboatreachesthecitybetween nine and ten o'clock A. M., aad Its cargo is scattered orer the metropolitan tables in time for the evening meal.(ifallthepleasant retreatswhich aboundinourlandvicinity of New York is Bath. It is so easily reached, aud •one offer to the pleasure seeker a happier combination of mouth county. The vote of the latter mentioned cnmlyOftheday andnight.lightful sensations each day of his sojourn here, and will take leave of the island with regrets. To those who have sever visited this island its nam aonly suggests the whaleHewillexperience newandde-Donald McKay, Esq.,of Boston: Judge Voorhies,of Brooklyn, and others. Dancing was then resumed, and the festivities continued until a late hour fo the morning.I n d i a n T r o u b l e s o n t h e P l a i n s .The nrst through United States mail from Daover,reachedOmahaonSaturdaynight,witndatestothe7;nInstmake an honest penny when everybody is supposed to bo • sandy promonotory, on which standi a Freenel light, The Vigilance Committee wss waging a war of extermi-nationagainstthegamblersandthieves Twomenwerehung by tbtm on the 6th inst , one of whom w as takenfrom the st»ge, while on his way to the Missouri nvor. U. States Trust Oo , of N. Y. lOO.OCo 100 TT Several who had incurred the displeasure of the Vigi-lance Committee had reached Omaha.<utofthecity, isa matter <«fcoojenure. I learned, however, that when the "s.Min" is over these placards#oyougetafull viewofthetown. It resembles some- what that other provincial town, Boston, only a good deal smaller. Though numbering 7 000 inhabitants, it appears much larger. In the harbor, at the docks, lie several whale ships, some dismantled, others just readyAorne. Mary(PShea$5000 100 10,000 101 67• broader tit i<1 for mercantile or mechanical pursuitsthan can be found at home. This explains the dispro foreign ports for the week and since January 1:—ductedbyMr.J.H.8ibUy. Iteschewspoliticsentirely,pertythisfallandnextwinter;ortosuchstocks as New York Central, which will earn over 8 per cent; or Hudson River, which will earn about 6 per centonitsstockthisyear. Thebusinessinfttate stockscontinueslight,aadpricesdroop. Bondsare inmoderate request This afternoonthe market wasratherbetter,andstocksclosedsteadyatthe following quotations:—United States 5's 1874, 102a103;IndianaState,92a93;VirginiaG's,914 a4; Tennessee6's,904a|; Miisonri 6's,79}a 80; Canton, 234 tt \: Cumberland Coal preferred, 13} a15: Pacific Mail, 814 a 82; New York Central, 834 a4;Erie,33a4;HudsonRiver,61}a4;Harlem, 19}aj;do.preferred,49}a|:Reading,47Ja48; MichiganCentral,71Ja4;MichiganSouthernaad NorthernIndiana,224a23;do.guaranteed,484% 49, Panama, 1264 a i: Illinois Central, 864 * 87; GalenaandChicago,79aJ;ClevelandaadToledo,46ja4;ChicagoandRockIsland,81a4;Chicago, BurlingtonandQuincy,904»91;Delawareaad Hudson Canal. 93 a 95.The report of the special committee of the Clear- ingHouseAssociationontheArtisans'bankques- tionwasthisdaylaidbeforetheClearingHouseand is devoted to the focal Interests of Keyport and Mon-Theseasonclosedwitha boplastnight attheMansion House,which vaslargely attended. Thenumerouscom- panyatmidnightsatdowatoabountifullyprovidedsup.The niiners have generally declared in favor of the old irovistonsl government.United Slates Marshal Moore, just in from the West, re- ports an attack by the Sioux ou a pacific village,one hundredmileswestofOmaha,onthe14ihinst. Arunning fight of eight or ten miles ensued, which was still raging w h e n h e l e f t . T h e P a w n e e s h a d t a k e n A v e o r s i x s c a l p s and secured four or five horsesOne Pawnee was killed. A small command of cavalry, underLieut.Berry, hadreachedthesceneofactios,and Captain Sully, of Fort Kearney, with a Urge detachmentDoGrinneli, Minturn&Co60,000 60,000 90,000 60,0006000018107 101 2T 100 S3 IOC 00100M 100 66 100 TSof trod!'8 w a s momentarily expected. bered about two hundred and flftf.T h e Siouxs u mDo60,000One noticeable feature that a stranger observes whiletarntering about the to vn is the immense numbers ofyoung ladies be meets, which are out of all just propor-tiontothenumberofthesternersex. Thecensusshowsthtt there are seven females to one male upon the island,and the streets are thronged during the eveuug hours bytroops* of young ladles, modest in attire and demeanor,and a ll o f them possessing a bloom o f health rarely seentlsewhere, aad many of them are beautiful in featuresand form. As soon as the boys attain a certain age thay The following ia a comparative statement of the Do 2&iC00Doportion of males to females. It Is a very dangerous spot 1*58. 1S09 1380 Do100.00060,00050.000 50.000 £0 000 20 00010111 10126 10161 10157 10193 100.27for bachelors to visit for any length of time, the blandish For the week t l ,0*7 270 1,644 446 2,16135*Previously reported. 44,8SS>218 45.9S1 543 62,630,375DoDoOilman, Son & CoDoDoI>o B.JacobsChae. W Lawrence.. J. J Astor, JrDo Jacob LosierAbnfrBeerBE.•tents of female charms proving, very often, fatal to thoseNow. as to the fishing about the island. A small partyof distinguished gentlemen from Massachusetts, beinj de•irous of indulgivg in the moU exciting of all pucatorialsports—sharking—securedtheservioesofCapt.Dunham,one of the veteran sea dogs that abound in Nantucket, long time. The recent advices will probably check andtheschoonerRaceHorse,andsetsailforGreatPoint,which juts out into the broad Atlantic—a famous sharking shipments, theugh the check will, in all proba- and blue fisning ground. It was my good lortune to be bility, only be temporary. The excess over last with the party After clearing the harbor and greetiagwith cheers Col Colt and his party, who were jus» enter- year is now equal to $L7,2u),000—over thirty-three tugtheharborinaprivatesteamboat,westoodtothelikeworktocatchthem.10110 10260 103 100 1C00123006.000 2,00060,»M 6 0 , 0 0 0250)00 250,000 50.000 50.900 60.000 60 000 WOuO 10,000115,009t0b u tmmylu»another comrauoloetkm.Since January 1 . . . $45,486 483 47.5259S* 64 731733The export of breadstuff^ to Great Britain is H. Mei,<f, Jr , &Smith Do60,000 10059 20 000 10109aboutequalto$8t'0,TJ00,thelargestweekfor a20000 10160percent—andtherearcnosignsthusfarofany cessation of the movement. ,We have by telegraph from Cape Racetwo days' later news from Europe. The British funds arequotedfirmatlastligures:cottonalsoiafirm; breadstuff, are dull. The news with regard to the harvestisverysatisfactory.Tha.weatherhadim- proved, and farmers were gainiag hope. We need10 00010.000 Do 10,000 Do 10.0002.90S 6,000 6,0001011012610160 10,300 10175 10 000 10166 6,000 10166 5600taken out of existence, and a reduction pro tantoof the world's capital in trade for the time being.Persons interested in the Western States are some- Wm. B PittsDa\ld Mouroe times heard to express apprehensions lest the re- Alex Ber-soc &Oocannot be moved if the price falls below this or Kmogham ScUiellelinpliciOyreliedupon.bushel thefarmers asserted thattheycouldnot aflford to grow and ship it by rail if it were 23 cents lower. They »&id the same when the price was $150; the same when it fell tomake itself easy about the Weat. Its immense Balance storesoffoodwillcomeforward,eventhoughwheat should fall considerably lower; and Englandwill continueeventhoughthecropsshouldimprovesteadilytill ingfiguresshowthereceiptssndexpenses:—harvesttime. Theonly difference will bethat food, here as well as there, will be cheaper, and general businessthe morehealthy..Ton* July$608.10902 .-.. 686,60766DisbuneAtnU611,61080Themoneymarketisactiveatsevenpercent,.'ost ph Lawrence$10,00060 000 60 000Hi woft),MO 60.0006,004 387,000130.00025.000 25,004 16,000100,000 50.000 50,000 60,00) 30,00090,00020,000 10000 10259 10.000 12000 10261 12,0001 6 0 0 10011 COO 10333 11000atarte &Kanz— ThOK]«on Bros DoDo Do Do D oDo 60 COOTotal. $5,242,600The following was the business tc day at the2 W 0 10340 6 0C0 103 5000 1016660000 100 bO60,000 10101 . 60,000 102100 10 IOC 26 1C0 12$3,000,000 •its of J BBS*ttoatpaaa, af mast extended prospect theGreatRain Storm—TheClosingHop, dc.,dcregularrate,however,isseven. Wehear of no the street *, parcent premiumwssfreely^aid,aadia some iuFtaacee w ^xr cost. There isnochange in ban- 