 v3CM distinct or comprehensive view of the aubject I t gives scope to all ideas, and concentrates everyt o d e a l w i t h t h i s g r e a t q u e s t i o n i n i t s m i n o r d e t a i l s without falling upon courses and meeting with op-of tbe United 8tatea must largely chare; for they nave been content to job out this statue to one who has been fortunate enough to gain tbeir favor, irrespective of hisbotany, and be waB not long in commencing a proiect w h i c h i s d e s t i n e d t o m a k e h i s n a m e r e m e m b e r e d through the land hereafter aa a public benefactor.The next day Mr. Cogswell thought over the matter, a t t r i b u t e d i t t o Borne o p t i c a l d e l u s i o n , a n d i n t h e e v e n - ing proceeded with his work as usual'. Again he- \ ,.hW~The defendant, Henry Shaw, has been a resident ofvthe operation of laws that seem to doom all cross••*i -•-4Rof leaving testimonies of our carelessness or ignorance, point, fifteen acres front on Grand avenue, the. bound- who never visited the Library wbile living, trouble it being the third in depth in the United Stat«s. C e &••-iV?ii!/what I do not recollect having seen in any published of Philadelphia. * teased in small tracts, tho rents from which will afford ^•*iftte third nighv, Mr. Cogswell, still determined that hia clients, Stevons and Hazlett. Tb» Legislature ha*,The Milwauk< •hows a railing pared with tin-The buhtoctv) 129,502,000.-•sfe<%*A'.e&J'-,-....? •. ••-.arms shonev.^ .-.'.?*>*---r j ,<«,*-£?•iBvine *en*ficenc©.andtheoireroftheca?e,uatilallitsrelationsand theirmingledflow,andfusingatthelastinonehar-• •- j.' •'.. %m.•This, if not strictly true in regard to existint nationalities, is held to be so in regard to mm it. Every debate on public affairs is based on the grand march of humanity in the nearer and re-tv*etn Franfcl n avenue and Morgan, wiih Mrs. Sea-man, her aipter. Her acqaaintance with Mr. Shawcommenced dnring tbe Tear 1856, and the promise tomarryisallegedlohavebeengiveninNovember,1866. InpereonalappearanceMiesCarutangJBr*thertall in figure, and witbal graceful, has dark hair,brilliant eves,blondeeomplexion, andafirmnessofcan kern. As some 18or20 people were present, the remarkable Btory of cours» was Boon spread about. A number of literary men, including an eminent historian andethers,beardtberecital,andthoughtheyattribute; Mr..CogBwe)}'*ghostseeingtothestrain andtension of bis nerves during hi« too protracted labors at the eat alogue, tbey yet confess tbat tbe story has ite-remark**:- '-i t Every night of oratory is winged by i t Every moter Past Hence we may be metwith objf-ction to pestenal outrage here grows out o? it. All political our ideas on the ground of their lack of comprehen-'•*; ,• '/''500m.Ceo. £* V.000 L. Erie & W . I,0O» D. Lk.fcWJl*^sWattles took about three hundred and fifty dollars % I vettigation will not cost leas tban one hundred thou, '<•Band dollars when tbe bills are all footed, and the no* \ resu ts will not be worth cue hundred red cents.II. That the Committee will not be ready to raport *• breeds to extinetion. It would appear, therefore, an event, and affords a far higher opportunity for a waB submitted to the Jury. A verdict for the full tbat I)r. Cogewell. tbe eiffic?ent librarian, has been for before tbe Frecidential election. All tbe evidence workofgenius,thanthebuildingofanationalcapitol. amountclaimed—viz:OneHundredTtiousandDollars sometimeengagedinthecompilationofacomplete takenthusfarwashestheRepublicanpartycleancf Thereisnogreaterfieldforthedisplayoflearningin —wasreturned. Itprodncedconsiderableofasensa- catalogueofthelibrary. Althoughoverayearsince JohnBrownandHarper'sFerry. Thisisnottheei>•of the Eepublican party from the chargecase,whereinEfiieCatharineCaratangiaplaintiff,and oonscions of the necessity to crush out of Artists every Henry Sbaw defendant, waB resnmed in the Court of•e-fcvr/V^"V •, *w.aaJ^EOJtf WABXMWTOIkI*WEAY W E SHiXI> D P WITH T H E SEGBO. 'WASKDfOTOK,MarchII,I860. Tie JTegroquestiondeve»tpea all sorta©fidea*,the Ipenreswble CooCict doctrine to that wlkheeteems human Slaveryto"bethefruitofaassociation* have become wearisome. It is not too nsneh to say that every measure in Ccngrets tarnsMerged into a «onstan%-cha»g5ng, arwajs differagunity. Tribes, races, have yielded to the aH-power-part of whom he would more willingly have presented the toe of his patent-leather thee than the tips of Kisfrutrcetrwm. Six acres, -well incloeed and trenched, , f D r . - r ~ , " he *aid boldly. "This i«tbe^i1rftim» Althoughthenightw«8unfavorable,themeeting arededicatedt>theimprovementandpropagationof Ihavemetyou. Tellmeifanyofthiaclassof,booksobtained his freedom. The entire generation of nten who had to submit to the loss of their favorite afstem have gone to their graves cursing its authors.ence of gaily dreeted lady and other visitors, nothing seems more preposterous tban tbe iiea of ghosts. But let the reader imagine these wide halls as they are at nifcht, Bwatbed in darlaess, the gloomy alcoves casting yet cccper and gloomier shadows—when a footfallpion; and disappointed damsels turn tbeir face to tbe reverberates through the wide expanse witb mys eri-From wbouc bourne no travoler rotumt." WILLIAM ARMS.THE HARPER'S FERRr INVESTIGATION x s n J o n BROWNS FLANS.—Horace White of TJce Ckie*g Press and Tribune, wbo was summoned to Wasbitta ton to te«tifv before the Senate Committee of Inveen\,•;•*., ,:>:-:"^:..\:^,:..'..vJS^JyjftjfciIngenuity k taxed on one aidemovements find, their source in i t A ll social ar- imagements are shaped byit Thelovesandthenates,thepartisan*hips,theprejudices,theassroia- tlsna and communion, of all men and women of the Jfederal capital; are colored, guided, and/or theMMKit part ereated, by the Negro suewtion.siveness. But we imagine it is the objector who is atfault here. It is not our generalization that is too commodate the ample folds of her dress, skillfullytruah>eanddishonorablew*y»ofgainingnot07ie*y,arenotetter featuresindicatingtbedecisionofcharacterwhichhas blephaeee. BothMr.Cogswellaudthedeeeasedphy-than tbey ought to be in their principles and practice, and in marked her naitjcipation Jn the pTeeent suit bicce ita sician were persona of a practical turn of mind, and al-theirmanners andmurals;andifthey shoad«etwbatJustice waystreated tbemarvelous ghost-stories sometimes: would mete out to them, and what they riculy deserve, they incf ption. W e ahonid nidge the Jady to be on the3,000CB.ltQ.RR: 20Market BOA*.... KXercbaBto' BaxJ 15B*nkofComrar-i•——gentleman's usual costume, as natural ae life, a&J vrft& fiistmg of the Rev. 8 O. Wylie cf the Covenanter after a geod style. A<jOinr»tf the garden on the»ort*, a band rajr*d, as if about to take down a book. MwChurch, Thomas T. Mason of the Methodist Chnrch, »»d connected -with it by two arched openings ia the Cotfrwel) again spoile—COMML VhHemmtthe'•• •'.... fcl.••-'•" ^ >f •-V*-W W"»«-^-->'•*•'.'---.•••'?*.»••)......(..rvV.V.• * * * • •:»•.•..'-•••..•;':••*.'- ><•»».-: - - — - " ' - ' • - ^ • - i n i'i«yinlrMi»(ii)H)iIn view of ttus palpable fact, what question so in our contemplations. W e deal with compara- natural as, " Where is all this to end T" It seems tively near events. The«e, » their 'changes ofly banish all thoughts of the marvelous.Acting on tbe advice of several friends. Mr.. Cogs>te me there can be but one answer. This is, in the aJrmiaation of .the negro from our controversy.developments, will conetitute a new series that may rise to The position of fresh elements in a more dis- tant and wider combination. Our scheme thusverylittle. I amnotsopatrioticastotrailmyskirts meeting. Before separating the large assembly unanimously adopted tbe follywing reBolations, offeredof the coits was unsuccessful j the motion therefor hav-ing been denied by Judge Reber. Fending thia matter,Mite Carstang proved the ownership of property •well I'Bnowabsentonashorttrio toCharWtontore-Bat howisbetobegotout? Onlyinoneway.By dismissing Mm from among us. By a separa- »tands unimpeached by considerations that fail to lien of the White and Black race?. Nothing is disturb it, because they fly over its head. Ourieputed to be worth about $3,000,eonBieting of promia- cuperate his energies. His indefatigable industry, bid through the mud. I want a. dry pavement, and the by tbe Rev. M r. Cheever, and supported by C. D . cry notes Fecured by amorrgage on land on the South- devotion to the interests of the Library, and hie greats o r e certain than that a great democratic republicaannot forever submit to the anomaly of negrojudgment that the Afrioan and the Caucasian on thispartof ourContinent,mustfirs^separate,inclear sun-light shining through the diaphanous air, be- foreseekingpedestrianpleasure." IfI sbou)d beaskedwhatfashionsprevailinWash- ington, I shonld say none; by which I mean that there ianotthesubserviencytoanyarbitrarylawthatICleveland:> Jlci'lvfd, ThattherecentarteoftheLegislaturesofLouisiana and Arkansas, •'xpatrialiDg o r reducing t o Slavery t h e free colored population of those States, are but the legitimateuo- quence or tee decision and opinion of the Supreme Court of.the United States, " that no negro or descendant o f a negro can be a "citizenoftheUnitedSUtes,"andtbat"thebloc*,manhasno " rights which tbe white man is bourd to respect " And,west Branch of the Pacific Railroad.•THE ATTORN£TS.The array of legal talent on both sides in tbis caee con*titnte8 one of its features. First, we have our di«- iiEfmisbed fellow-citizen, tbe Hon. Edward Bates, tboefficiency na a librarian, render it highly desirable that 1 e should enjoy recreation and repoeo, and not endanr t er hia health by a too close application to hia dutiea. In regard to tbe apparition we will make no c jmmenta, lut give tbe story as related by Dr. Cogswell, as w « ;recrediblyinformed,andsuj.ithasalreadybeentalkedmonious whole.and tinitora to thecaone of humanity and to onr gloriona TJh'on, and to the Goopel of peace, and love, and good will from Godto all wen. ESS&L^'fe&s E 3 3Tbe Sexier of the ChuroH and the Committee of the noonday meetingknewnotbicgofthe»otic»*Hnntiltbet enteredtbo church, and saw them on the smtn. They are entirely innocent of«uctamean dirty,andundts/t/fcudedwork. #*«-'dAnd the> who p'aDned thoout»ai<e and pdfl their money for niinting tho notices end putting tbem in a place paid forh y a bodyoipersonswhohavenop«rt,riorlot,norinterestinsuchin-< i-farnarrow. It is the objector's which is too broad. The interfusionandfinalhomogeneouenessoftheraces wewoulddivide,isaremoterconsequenceofpro- founder and slower actions than those w e includemanaging to sweep clear of the tread of the admiring crowd st her elbow-r-or as near as the circle of herwould serve an apprenticeship of six months on a tr^ad-mill b y ebady Bide of thirty, arid not unattractive in point of set afloat witb deserved contempt. And, as they were day,andbefedwithbreadandwater,ands'eeponstrawnntil pereonalbeauty. Shehasmaintainedaremarkable netatallintimate,itwillbea*,leastacariousquestion,iV rtf <!•«••»•»••-•Our Government cannot act, if it would, on the form.. There may be another motive in the advo- I am quitesure its practical working has been to banish akcliuon of Slavery in sur Slave States. It has no cacy of this scheme; namely, that such a colony the true Artiirt, whose retiring nature and refinementbreach of promise trial is mentioned, the case of Car- atang vs. Shaw has come in for ite full where of allu-would interpose an obstruction to the spread of of eoul will never stoop to urge bis elaims before any exercise i t The difficulty under our system, in Slavery southward. The views of the gentlemen patron. When such men (and such only deserve the$100,000 verdict as a precedent on which to base tbeir hopes of law-suits, in case their admiring suitors prove fake.HISTORY OF T H E CASE.OUBechoes, and When the lamp borne by the startledexplorer along tortuous passages and among musty gation into John Brown's affairs, present* tbe fbllcwtpower. If it had, it is very doubtful if it would treating the subject is the necessity of conferringreferred to may all be very good from their stand- name of Artist), full of boly zeal, some to Washington to offer to the Government tbeir services or eagges-tomes send* but a feeble ray, that scarcely serves to make the durknet-s visible, and the arpect is very dif-ing conclusions from h i s observations a n d inveetirar § tione: &• 1. <Tbat this Government is Hot administered on «e*"£..0881 w~*m«••:•$fulmolding influencesoftimeaadsituation,aid gloved fingers. /and others from the dfferentreligions denominations.i; *,«ou.s.6»rm. %<MV.8.St,n\Haveryinitsbosom.Inextinguishingthisanom-ordertoestablishtheconditionsunderwhichahaveseeninotherplaces.Onestyleofstreetdress,whetherweviewtheseactsasathamelessviolationofthein-caningcounselforthedefense,associatedwithex- JudgeLaeblandofthe•CircuitCourt,ex-Recorder>,boutinvariousliteraryanddomesticcirclesintbi$aly, t i e ignorant and vervile race will n o t and can- future union or fusion of races is possible, is Bimply netbeemancipatedandraisedto theenjoymentof adeductiondrawnfrom whatweseeandknowofhowever, seems to have general preference, viz: a longbasque, or tight-fitting coat, usually of black silk; nexttothisingentility,istheflowingmantle^eitherofvel-Cadv, J- R. Sbepley, and Samuel Glover. These gen-tlemen combine every Bhade of legal ability that canpoefaiblydoservicetotbedefendant. Theinterest*oftheplamtiifaxelikewiseconfidedtoablebands. Maj.Uriel Wright, one of our most gifted speakers and Corre»pond#nce of The Cattaranfrat Freeman. orators,isthechiefcounsel. HeisassistedbyLuther NAPOLI(CattarauflUBCo.)Maroh3,1800. M. Sbreve. Waa. Holmes, and Mr." Boyce, and, as in I wish to make public a very singular dream, which last trial, the foreneic display in the present proceed- was literally folfiled at the death of my wife. Sheequaleivd>ightswiththedominant andintelligent*aae;theywillbedrivenout Thismaybeacruel and unchristian process, but it is natural.And this is the only solution the question of African no one race can be or will be instructed and elevated Savery admits of among us. Oar statesmen, phi- by another. The first step toward their ultimatevet, cloth, or other material. The old s'.yle of hat is or KVHRT CHRISTIAN GHTJRCII. Resolved,Tbatwheninstancesofinjusticeandcrueltyartfoc-nsader it wholly impossible. Nothing short ofAereconstructionof society, wherever theblackrace prevails in a state of servitude, would be ne-time.Wehavebeenledtothesereflections from someout the rights or the helpless, and to tbe chnrch of Christ by some one—don't for your life gather them among all nations, klndrecs, tongues and people, to protest against the inhumanity that baadiiven us out from our homes up,thatwouldgivetheimpressionthatyouhadavul- anoourkindred. Therefore, we,a portion oftheChristianFor Eeveral days past there has been a bit of per- cuse, and then who did dig it. Seeing all thia, she re- eonal goeeip afloat np-town which, as in all similar in- flected and reasoned with herself—"I must be dead stances,hasbetnhighlyexaggerated. Yetevenallow- forIhaveseenalltbathashappenedfortwodays.am not in hell, for I suffer no pain; if in Heaven, it i ing for tbeee exaggerations, the facte or the suppoai- not ae I expected." Then s^ie awoke, and after teL'dividual capacity, has generally very little to do.But Slavery was abolished in various island* of the movement is twofold. First it contemplatesW ASHINGTON, March 8,1860. THE GREAT BREACH OF PROMISE TRIAL.HISTORY O P T H E CASE.From Tfic Daily Missouri Democrat.The second trial of tbe famous breach of promiseourpresentnationalcondition. Itrestsonthefaot thatoneportionofourpeopleisdegradedand ignorant and in servitude, and in the position thatant as a means of promoting the national harmonydamask cheek." T h e most fashionable time for promenade is aboutular will and legislation t an<i b o w uball w e >o rectify and Chris- tianize tht« cunent sentiment of the country, that it shall spurn with indignant averson t b e Pro-Slaveiy procedures i n Church and State tbat mark our times fFromThe EveningPott,iand progress; and to mitigate the urgency of the Negroquestionamongus.Itisthenecessitytobe3o'clock.Then,ifyouwishtocreateasensation,donTHE ASTOR LIBRARY VISITED B Y A GHOST—THE LIBRARIANANDTHEGHOSTHAVETHREE INTERVIEWS—GHOSTLY TASTES IN TITERA- TURE—DEMONOLOGYANDWITCHCRAFT.Doolittle of Wisconsin. The aim of the proposedGreenongh once said that" an artist seemed to be re- the victims of great prejudice, and often of " garded in Washington as something between a aa-oll-Caribbean Sea. So it was. But this was done by an asylum for a class of our population who areyawertnl Governments existing three thousand miles " ing player and a mendicant." Tins bitter sentimentaway,actingonweakandndefenselesscolonist*, harshlegislation. Secondly,itlookstotherelief findsresponseinnoblenatures,whoaremadepainfully4 w is numbers. But suppose the question of eman-cipation had been le't to the slaveholders of those that in opposing Slavery and its extension, its mem- feeling of patriotism and manhood, that 'they may be Common Pleas on Saturday, March 10. The position •ommunities,whatthent Notaflarewouldhave bersadvocatetheraisingofadegraded,ignorant thebetterfittedtocrouchatthedoorsofCongress, ofthedefendant,thebeautyoftheplaintiff,theemi-facte for all to consider. It may be a mistake tbx witheaiefulreaders,andenlivenedoftenbythepres- Deathleadsuaand servile black population to civil and political equality with the whites. In a word, that th.it party advocates Negro equality in its most offensivenence of the eounsel, the enormous amount of the ver- dict on the first trial, have attracted attention to itsWrinklednecksa n d skinnyful length.conepicuous In the throng, indicating a strong tenacity for at leaBt the appearance of youth. Ftowers and pearls, woven in t i e shining hair, gave unmistakable toktn of a trait the moBt irrepressible in the female mind; One lady I observed completely enveloped in a cloud of point lace, -worth thousands of dollars; another—a Southern beauty—vulgarly fat, blazing with jewelry, vising with a flower bed in the ornaments of her hair, foming with heat, crowding for space to ac-hoops would admit. uponastatelydame,magnificentyattired inblackvel- vetqueenlyinherbeautyandmien,bowinggracefully as she passes-along. , ']"Of feminine display in the streets, I have seen as yetSOOceanBank..... 5 C«rn Exonaan j S3D«LitHad.O..-. .Af*New-York Centi'3SS de.........WK*gg do «*5S do. 3 8 6 i S d o,203 do.) • • ' • - 'CyW Mi«»oari State i,C"« Tenneeaee 6«. ' 1,0 0 Virrfflla Stat* i ^fitO d o ,LOOS Brooklyn City s,oes Erie ak. M in800 illinoii Cen !t] 2*«Hnd.Rtr.R"«; 10Cambort'dCo*:P'• Pactec,SCS 8.G.CO,•••»»« . . .I .* -lick. O B . RafJr* i. f'•HUM Battroad.fast giving place to the new tip front, which is more sensible, according to my notions; in fact I can hardlyourrlng under these and similar nets of the Slave Power, toift nu- merous to be recorded, compared with which the Mo:ta/u out- rage, that has lately shocked the civilized world, dwindles intoith lees exciter j £_ week, the eto< "7 <a iptio**,pre*«m el es being e*pej le : romixenceia , /was governed: aim from Albany in rcf opmionc of variocposed to bo well in tion to give an opii directly iu con11ict,fineness at work, which cannot bo a vnecanformadec hammering of the i&cent,undersaThe bears jobber wpon it, boprng to zoamderofthem a large lot trim fcought under tb.€ helow itaintrinric A Senator w h o no bill but that iitheSenate. P&ci at 93J, seller sixty;the transactions maintained. Ti-e tivc, especially Ito npx:.a7lyA4,000 t wasalsofirm,se' there wasquiteJ account, at an irr.p accounts from Lontheamountofst Michigan Centrai ^• i nhort contracts, a n ; ' The reported, e n first week of M a ,- Very case but one' t • »te hares of txxc N aeaat nably depresse | t h e anticipation t b? only • the foreruant 1 during tbe Spring.j 1irat not active, bt importance. C'e ecejrion. In the not large excepti• were sold, theYjat 82i. The advicei c«e but ,a moae] isilroada Virginia G-^vdrnment Swjci Coupoa5»,1874registered bonds* there was not in; Michigan /Cent: ai-dotedatthatbi tercet, due li*t A 3Eri<Secondseoi< at7.6J. Hlinoia( olvCing quotation&*iatthereceptionofbomagefromaerowdtothegreater Bark,TreasurerjandanExecutiveCommitteeeon- conttrocledief-gTMB'andironaolrnnnaopenatonearcbep,*MSg€$ &£«KEwVFORK BABLY TRIBENE, TUESDAY,MARCH 13,1860.With more pleasure my eye reststheirheatedfanaticalandbecrazedbrsinahadtimetogeteooL. o.P.Q. •Thiemeeting*wasadjourned totbePirstReformed Presbyterian Church in Cherry street, for Friday even- ing next, \*ben, it was announced, that the Secretary from Connecticut, and others, would again address theperteveraneetbrongbouttbewholetrial,andaccom- forthepfc)cbologi»ttodetermine,whythewleaofthi* paniedhercouneel perRonallytoNew-Yorkandother deceaeed gentleman should come to Mr.Cogswell's place-s,gathering^testimony inherownvindication. brainandresolveiteelfintoanapparition,whenen- The attem ?t to compel her to give bonds for payment #aged in diy> Ktatistical labors, which should eneeUal-imagineanythingmoregrotesquethanalittlebunchof insignificance,itisbutaduty—thoughitm&ybeto/rfate—for American Churches everywhere to moke solemn pronunciationsflowers, ribbons, a n d velvet,vbuddled on to a rim of against rucn acts o f wickedness.ingwilldoubtlessbeofabighorder. NEW 1 E6T1HONY.hadbeenillforsometime;thedaybeforeherdeath she fell into a trance-like slumber, and on waking ehe told what she bad, seen and heard; that she lingered three hours in dying; ;that the clock was striking six as she breathed her last; p.he tald who went for tbe friends, and where they were; who laid hor out, and the rtmarts tbey made; w h o watched witb her, and remarks they made; how her shroud was made, and comD, giving tbe inscription on tbe plate—her name. " Died Apr. 4,1859, M. 34 y'raand! ino." She told who took charge of tbe funeral; how the proceasioa wasformed; whomadetheprayeratthehouse; ho-yf tbe boys were drecaed, (their garments were made afterward and out of the house;V that the mdnieter metue;howthemournerssax,andwho-wer« there; told the hymns, the text, tbe minister's'name, some things be said, and tbe manner be treated hia sub- ject; told to whom I applied to dig the grave, his ex-losophers, and philanthropists, have long perplexed union, if such, in the lapse of ages, be possible, millicenty and hung on a. peg upon the back of the Resolved, That when wo find the moral sense ar/d natural in- The testimony brought to tne city through the seve-which poeBibility we shall not assert, nor do we stincts of tbe American peoi.Ie to have become BOdebased b y the bead,exposingthefacetothefullglareofthesunand longcontinueddominationoftheslaveholdingautocracy, thathave the hardihood to deny,-is thus, in our view, the gaze ef the sons of men. Young ladies, if you crimes, which will ring for ever through history, tto our disgrace, and stains that will Dever be effaced from our national' escutch-ral commiBSone.istued at various times within the last e.'ght month8makea a bulk Bufncient to fill an ordinary champagne baeket.NEW FOOTFALLS FROM ANOTHER WORLD.themselves over this subject They have all ad-salted the extreme difficulty of the problem. AxdA c last result of their deliberations has generallyVeen to remit the whole case to the Almighty, ast»etoocomplexandtoodifficult forhumanman-ngsment The Abolition'sts, seeing and feeling the•Butfer&ble horrors of the slave system, horrorsthat mortal pen has never described, haremged, instant emancipation. But this plan iri-vafres changes of the social system of the set forth and kept constantly in view, though the world," andasthey appeal especially to Christian ministers, toneverminddirt,tobaccospittle,&c;—trailyourskirts h»ybefote,theircongregationstheinjusticedonetothem,tho aid slave-holding communities among us, that achievement of the result ij necessarily a work of behind you, no matter if they should be trodden upon wickedness of a *y*tem tbat tramples on the feeble, and crushesthe one w e indicate; separation.The idea of the necessity of this separation ofwish to preserve your beauty, adopt the new style of bonnet, exclude in some small degree the orb of day and the more blighting orbs of man—the one will robeon, are regarded with complacency by a large part of our pop- ulation, and with apa*by and inoifference b y another part, or with a sneer of incredulity—it is time for th« Ministers and Churches, tbat have educated this American people, n o t merely toaskwithimbecilestupidity,wherearewedriftingto?bat,theWhiteand Black racesweinsistisallimport- you.of your clear complexion,, the other of yourv whatsba1lwedotoregainthepowerwohavelostover thopop-Renolved,ThataBanumberofthecoloredexilesefArkansas your best attire andgointo Pennsylvaniaavenue— haveaddressedoneloquentappeal"toChritttansthroughouttheremarks in Senator Wade's late speech. He advo- gar care for your garments; continue your walk till people of Philadelphia, of all cenominstions. do take this occa- sion to express our ' hribtian sympathy with those deeply In-cessitated by abolition. And who reconstructs so cates the voluntary colonization of our free colored twilight, or till your charms are no longer visible, and jured exiles, and our o w n painful mortification as American Christians, tbat tbe moral sense in any part ©f our land shouldizg the drexm, requested me to remember it, as might prove true; and if it did, it would prove the r* ality of future life.cttty? The individual members of it? By no population, somewhere on our southern border. H e if you return home without a beau it will not be your ratine Societyisonly reconstructed bytheslow wouldmaketheschemeaplank inour Republican fault c.w.'operation of hidden forces, evolved from combina- platform. The same idea has been heretofore ad- THE JACKSON AND THE WASHINGTON STATUEShave sunk so low—that acts of legislation, thus grossly contrary toNaturalJustice,toRevealed Heligion, andto commonHu- manity,canbecountenancedbytbepeople.CARS TANG vs. SHAW.tj0jjB_which ever they be—^aa related by one of theprincipal actors, are of themselves strange enough tosatisfy the most inveterate admirer of the marvelous;andasthestory hasbeensolemnlyasseveratedbefore fullytrue! Nothing wasdone,however,tomak% a mixed company of some twenty persons, and after-ward retailed and repeated so much as to be almost the town talk, w e are commivting no impropriety, w e trust, in stating tbe circumstances, as far aa w e have been able to diacover them.The numerous literary persons and others who fre- minutes before he started, the text he used eame V quentthespicioushallaof^theAstorLibrarywillbe mind,andhepreparedhissermonontbeway*An interested, therefore, in learning that their favorite tbatonejuttmettbedream! Ihavestatedsimplytb retreat is haunted. Of course, on seeing the comforta* truth. 1 believe. Others m ay doubt. I leave tbtions of circumstances with which man, in his in- vanced by Mr. Blair of Missouri, and by SenatorrN WASHINGTON CITY. Corresp«»donoe of The N . Y . Tribune.so. Tbe Rev. Mr. Fisher waa sent for to preach,mc when, ufter tbe funeral, I told him the vision, he*ai<i " it was not a dream—it waa of God," andhe kn«w il because of the part he took. He got a subject yearly arranged for the sermon, when helost it and ootid not recall it. H e took another, and loet i t . But a f«v«beggars for its patronage; or to contend ondsaramblo,as for spoils, against those who trust to political intriguein pushing their claims before Congress. I cannot pre* progress throughout the country; and wherever a tend to say that this has been pursued as a policy,but" To tbat nndiscorcred country,Tbe plaintiffs petition was filed in the office of tho ferent. At tbis time the Aster Library—and, for that nonaical principles. This morning Senator MJM«»| names is as great as the white, in some of our Slave views are broad enough. Practically, the colo- a criminal design upon the National Treasury, ie it to Clerk en the 19th day of July, 1&58. On tbe 18th day mat er, all larj e librariee at tuch a time—1Ba rather banded me an order on tbe Secretary of tbe Seaa^yetitical power by the act of liberation. The black point; but it may be questioned whether thoee tions, and find that they are treawd as though they nadnization of free blacks from this country is likely to be a »mall matter. That class are the mere twfg. and branches torn from the great forest oferf eur free system T Liberate, « d refuse it, and I Slavery. They are being consumed by con- N e g x < )be wondered at that they fall back in utter discourage- ment, and give place to adventurers in Art?States. Liberate and give to that mass of black ^berismpontical^power, and what would becomeof December, the parties appeared in Court, and by counsel moved to amend tbe petition to increase the claim for damages from $20,000 to $100,000. After a brief consultation tbe defendant's counsel consented" O'er all there buna a shadow and a fear,A xense of my etery tbo ipiritcd daunted, Which raid, as plain «Bwhisper in the ear,what an insurgent element would be created 7 I tact with the civilization of the Free States. W e do not say Jbat a lotty jpohtical wisdom elevated to think their sure fate is absorption by the whites byIncinaticn that the United States contained but one papers as above. On tbe 26th of May, 1859, tbe trial onely explorer, tbat the ghost of the Aator Library ap- sculptor. On him it has showered a patronage, whose commenced. On the second day of the trial, the Hon. peared.profape liberality is only equal* d by bis incapacity. Edward Bates appeared in c mnection with the counsel To understand the circumstances of this remarkabledictatorial power would be incompetent to treat theevil of Slavery in these States in harmony with the4ietatesofjusticeandhumanity. Butthisisan thatthatportionofourpeoplemaybesafelyabstraction. Thephilanthropyandmercyofsen- troughlefttotheoperationofthelawsofpopula-our national history; and genius in giving expression to it in the endunug bronze, and yet it would seem that,inscornofgenius,andderieionoflearning,Con-tion, not only in this city, but elsewhere. if waB commenced, the work has only reached to the tertainment to which the inveatigators invited them- TheNew-Yorkpapers wereamon*?thefirsttocom- letterP. Dr.Cogswelliaanunmarried man,andoc- selves. They will manage to stave oil* the prioting of mentuponit,andthepresBeverywhereteemedwith cupiesasleepingapartmentintheupperpartofthe thetettimony,ononepleaoranother,tillnextWinter. allusionstoit. Ontbetrial,aletter,writtenbyMies library,tbejanitorresidinginthebasement. Itisthe Tbeywillpretendthatimportantwitnessesareetfi).sitive human hearts may wail out their proteststion. If we shall ever be forced to adopt a systemagainstitssinanditsmiseries. Oneecclesiastical fortheirpretectionagainstthe.crueltyandrapacitybmijmaya«kforamitigationofitswor«tfea- cftheStates,theplanofcolonizationmayprove gressintruBtsthismostimportantcommic8iontoonetures, and then may pretend to defend the system withslightermodifications. Onesetofpoliticians may declaim over the virtue of arrangements thatutterly incompetentj by his ow n admission, whose Caratang to Mr. Shaw, waa offered in evidence, but rule/of the library to d smiss visitors at Bunset, ar,d wanting. Tbey will, not give the country a glimpsa ofwe treat the question thus, w e can fight the battlesits contemplations upon positive and feasible results per. It is a patch-work, made up piecemeoL and putwilderness into a comparative Eden.America as is possible to the white man, and to freejawtttutions. W e shall get none too much any way. trary prescription; at all events, it ia a mere fictionPBILAPELPHIA, Maroh 7,1860. An important meeting, portuant to a call which hadof Michael Nostradamus, a folio published in Loudonit Bhould prove Eke that at Columbus, a dry one.—Mr. Seunott returned to W'whington from Rich-W e are likely to get far too little.W e are aware that the idea of non-amalgamatingracesisrepudiatedbyphilosophersandthehigherin lbTS?; Albamasar do Coniectionibua; KernerV Maji- been circulated among the churches of this city, w as den IBalready finished, and combines all requirtito ad- on Witches and Apparitions; Corueliua Agripp*;tobetheonlyfeasibleone. ButwedonotbelievethatacolonyoffreeblacksonourSouthernbor-boastisthathe"isnotanartiot,butaplasterer," whoseworksabundantlyprovehiBtrueappreciation of his right sphere of iction.The sole claim of merit in his equestrian statue of Jackson is bssed upon the faot that the horse stands upon its hind leg*, without support; and our "plas- terer" produces from his pocket a small copy in bronze to wheedle the foolish by the illuBtratun of thie bril- liant idea, as though the balancing of a piece of metal hndF-nythingtodowithArt.TnestudyofcentersofExcludedbytheCourt. Itwae,however,published duringtbeeveningandnightnoindividualbesideDr. tbeirreportthisseason. TheywillnotcontributethatCongress baa great power to encourage and developnational art, by a just and, discrinnnating- distributionof its patronage. But, instead of thus developing it,Congress seems to have labored under the otrange nal- to the amendment, and an entry was made on the•The place j Bhaunted."It w as at such a time, in such a place, audio one mileage; Amy a like amount; and BOit goes. The idyCogswellandthejanitorandhisfamilyremaininthe buildicg.Some two wFeks ago, Dr. Cogswell wa* at work aa usualontbecataloj,ue. It wasabout 11o'clockat night, &i d having occasion to refer to some books in a distant part of the library, he left bis desk, took his cancle, aid, as he bad otten done before, pursued his course amoi g tbe windbg passages toward the desired spct. Bntbeforereachingit,whileinanalcoveinthe south-west part of the older portion of the building, be waa startled by seeing a man, respectably dre««od in ciT.ijeen's clothes, surveying a shelf of books. The doctor suppof cd it to be a robber who had secreted himself for the purpose of abstracting some of the val-possible method, let its next aim be to get rid offierce exhibitions of temper, his violence, his impo- the negro population entirely, by massing it within nature. The neck is of such inordinate length, that eyes, and possessed of great suavity of manner; in forward to eatch a glimpse of the individual's face, pared to say that the reeult would have disepV i oi tentthreatsofpullingdownthepillarsofthepo- thebeastcouldeatoatsfromthecapofhisrider.The fact,oneofthepolitestmenofSt.Louin. Hisageia whentohissurpriseherecogtizedinthasuppoeea bisexpectationsifbebadgotawayfromHa-r*itspresentlimits. Thisistobetheresultinthe throatofthehoiseiscarriedfarbackoverthebreaat between50and60;his»hairtinnedwithgray.His robberthefeatureBofaphysician(whosenamewe FerrywitbfivehundredweS-annednegroes. 1 ) Stical communities associated with him in a com- end, and it IBjust as well to recognize the fact, and in a manner impossible in nature. The bead is badly wealth is variously estimated between $1,500,000and forbear giving) who bad lived in the immediate vicinity movement was precipitated at least a week >eiV' mon government Seeing ruin for himself, he ma- thus aid in accelerating the period of our finalde- joined to the neck, and the neck worse fitted to the $2,000,000. of the librarv, and who had died some six woeka ago ! time he had chosen. Various theories are advonders, fed only bythe stream of our own colored look to its extirpation through diffusion. Another population, would ever amount to anything. TheyAgainettbe advice of bi« friends, Dr. Cogswell dervoU» houre of night that should be civeu to reposo, tothe pursuance of bis work on ibe catalogue. Naturally slaves, put rifles into the hands of the more intel- anxious to hasten forward ita completion, aud firedwith all the en hueia^m of a professed bibliopole, hislabors in this tedious and difficult task are almost in-credible.Attheeametimetheworkisofthatdry,statistical character which is by no means suggestiveof fanciful appiritions, nor is the indefatigable com-piler a man f aeily swayed by the passing delusions oftbe eye or brain.may dilate upon the amalgamating process, or some •iter panacea for its treatment All the while, Slavery remains, dire, formidable, increasing,are a feeble race, with none of the enterprise and hardihood of the natural-born pioneer. They are the fringes and parasites of a n old civilization, a n dligent a n d pikes into those o f t h e remw»der* and intrench himeell* in the mountains. in tbe fa#tnoe*cs which h e h a d selected h e oould havemaintainedhiniHelff».rthirtydaysagaiujt any force which could havo been sent aga& i him. The news of the insurrection would hv*'» spread like wildfire North a n d South; i t w a d d: have penetrated through the thick d&rkneau which envelopes t h e skive population. I t would have carried an indescribable panic to every Southern plantation a n d fireside. I t •would have etnt him reinforcements from hundreds of. negio quarters. When troops were sent North to cut off lr'a retreat to Canada, he w a!i havemarched8outh. HispresenceinTennen*?*^:<1 the Carolina* would have oreated a pandemorKO * ia whose confusion and terror he expected that Si* ary would somehow, in.some undefined way. havy ea nd\ If he ;Brown) should happen to loee his life in tb- Msr* moil, tbat would be of the least possible oonsequ <oe.road, H^H; I Harlem Railr-w 34J; Reading R road, 392-»40; diaaa Railroad, Panama Railroad] road, 61j«62; 591; Cleveland <cogo and Rock ^-ntral Railroad'here is a fair V.Lsfor the "W <cbanged. Tbe aa.,2*385 ia large, but •eapp'y*>restricte -qnote5.18£'^5.15.freightstoLiv ';lOOtcs.Ltj. Spirita at •>». *~ > ship Helen/»e:Ue8 with Sta\o ~and back, on te50 tuns to Cub* Thebauneeso:131,52011—for . 43—$66,00009. Theearningsofico4.d, for the weejFreigbt..... . . . . $ I2,i T«M«nxeia.:... s,C i l i i i a . &.C . . . . .TotaL;.....$2«,*j Theearnings^few-JerseyiforiF*bruarj, 18tO.' ForthetweiIncredThe traflic for ^ a n S o u t h e r n R <1859...TheHichigun The nsruree are.. 1S59JrowniDg in hiedous proportions over half the land. cannot be made the advance guard of a new. If gravity ^is a problem for steelvard makers, or manu-The system, with its roots firmly entwined in the deep foundations of all social and political life in 1b* Slave States, laughs to acorn all these ideas. The grim slaveholding philosopher, if such there be, kn*w8 how vain they are. H e fears nothing but Ifce blind forces of the enslaved mass, or the great storms cf political action, breaking from prescribed ecitidariis, ' and acting with whirlwind force, threatening Slavery and society alike with sure and everwhelming destruction He knows that when theplanted anywhere on the isthmus or in Northern Mexico, they could not be counted on as a barrier to the spread of Slavery; they would be far more likely to be overrun and extirpated by i t Northern Mexico must be filled by white colonists from the Free States and Continental Europe. N o other cla*sofmenarecapableofformingthenecessary breakwater against Slavery in that direction.While, then, t h e immediate purpose a n d great duty of the EepublicAn party is held to be to inex-iactureis of rocking-horses. But, where is his heroall ibis time 1 Heard you ever one word of the truth-fulness of his representation of Gen. Jackson ? Notone! Cld Hickory, wbom the British failed to subdueat New-Orleans, and the Bank of the United Staleseonld never subordinate, this artist has made secondary—a mere accessoryfcothose wonderful legs, and that St. Louis for 41 years. He was formerly a merchant,Slavery of the loWer Slave States goes, the existing orably limit th e area of African Slavery by everyneeiety there goes with i t Hence the slaveholder'sJPm \.x(lwjBeiously hopes to Inflict it upon those whom he will insist are its authors.W e thus conceive that the only sound nationalpolicytouchingSlaveryistohedgeitinwithinthenarrowestpossiblelimits,withtheviewto ulti-matelysloughthemassofbarbarismoff,whentheshoulders. The scapula being six or eight incheB too On tbe corner of Seventh and Locust streets bia citv It should be"borne in mind that the deceased pereon account for this fatality, but tbe meet inVol . • - liverance from the great burden and nuisance and high at the point of the shoulder, eivea the breast a "residence forms quite an ornament to that locality. It was a mere casual acquaintance of Dr. Cogswell, not one is tbat one of hia men deserted tbe day be.A •" : > crime of Slavery. Of oourse, it is a result not etrange and bloated appearance. The modeling of this is a three-6tory brick building, with a wing, iu shape an intimate friend, and since hiB death Dr. Cogswell blow waa struck, and 'that Brown had reason JO •part is strangely suggestive of a monstrous potato. of an L , built in rather a quaint style of architecture, had not tbouwht of him. beve be intended to betray him. Another thf*>rstupendous tail. and. acquiring great wealth, retired from business, aa Still, there is a merit in tbis feat of metallic equita- long ago as 1841. Subsequently he went to Europe,tion. Butwhocanenterintoacriticismofsucha andtraveledextensivelyontheContinent,spendinglikely to be accompliihed in cur day and genera- Tbe horse ie badly frightened, as he looks toward the and has a carriage entrance on Locust street. AboutBut the apparition was in the presence of a man not that he and hiB men were suspected by the cHfccen? £tion; butbypresenting it as thefinalconsumma- tion of Anti-Slavery labors, it gives ardor to effort, amplejcopetoeveryshadeofideabearingupontheWhiteHciuse,andpresents astriking contrast with tbeexpressionlessfaceofhisinanimaterider.Tbe backward start of the animal ia BO sudden* that the maneandwondroustailseemacteduponbyatyphoon;tenyear*agoMr.Sbawbecamepossessorofa tractof land,600acresinextent,situatedin*south-westerly direction from the Court-House, on the old Manchester road. Attsattimeitwasabarrenprairie,buttheeasilyscared. TbeLibrarian,sofarIrom faintingor shrieking,asmightreasonablybeexpected,calmly addressed tbo £hoat:"Dr. -,"widbe,"youseldom,ifever,vi&ited.Harper'sFerry,andthatiftbeyhadremainedJanetse anotherdaytbeyw)uldhavebeenarrested. 3:isvr- tain that something impelled him to strike t>>for* ae hadpiecedhimselfenrap-portwiththeslaw. Hofrtrden shall get too heavy to carry any longer. If topic, and repo«e to the understanding, by fixing yet tbe impawive rider is not budged forward an inch wealth of the proprietor enabled him to transform th© this Libiary while living. W hy do you trouble ua met hie fate with tbe calmneMi of one who w ^ *ou*iwrmofhostility,andeveryfeelingefprejudice positionthatmayhindertheprogressofitsgreat claimsuponthemasanartist.Themoneypaidfor againsttheinstitution. Itistheenlywaytobring conceptionsandduties. Wemustassailthewhole thesetwostatuesbyMillsshouldhaveinsuredthe;Itwaatbefoundationofabotanicalgarden,withall witbedtorefertosomebooks,andagainvisitedthean enterprise efficient and permanent—the equal, if not waa tbe ghost, very calmly and placidly surveying the tog, Penn , whioh has been some time in progTew. I rtheBuperior,ofanysimilareitabliehmentinthoUnited shelves. Mr.Cogswellagainspoketoit: thelargebrewery,hasreachedadepthofl;70f^ \ States. The.landcomprisessixbuudredacres. Atone "Dr. ,"mudho,"againIaskyou,whyyouBiavery within this Government to an end, andetepourquarrelsoverit ThepeopleoftheFreeStates must be brought to regard Slavery in thisI g h t I t i s i n t h e w a y o f t h e i r o w n d e v e l o p m e n tIt is in the way of Democratic ideas. It is inbodyofevil,sofaraswecandoitwithin constitu- tionallimits,andleaveitsaccidentsanditsfrag- mentary aspects, like those we have commented on, t o i n d i v i d u a l a c t i o n . J . s . p .Government the noblest works of art.UnderjadiciouBmanagement,Washingtonmight,by thistime,havebeenrichinfineworksofart,insteadinbisseat. Therather,heBitswellbackonthecrup-SCIOUBthathehadruinednooneelsebybisac* ST- Perhaps the gboBt did not like the sound of tbe hu- was a man who traveled on hiB ow n muscie.: *. Vnow when dead 1"that all can comprehend. W e do not consider that Contempt is the only critical emotion Buitab'e to an es- The tract thus changed soon presented a clmuce to man voice; anyway, it gave no answer, but disap-mi Freedom against Slavery with more distinct together very ingeniously, bnt in defiance o i harmony.TOWER GROVE AND THE MISSOURI BOTANICAL GARDENS.he buttoned hia coat he covered the whole roejx)^biB«Y for hiB deed*. A nd for this reason Senator H a m * Committee will catch nothing, though they ikbMill-|Jwi c r a c k o f c o o m . "effects, and more mighty power, than by taking any the Republican party can, as an organization, attempt timate of this work, and in this contempt tbe Congress Mr. Sbaw to curry out bia own theories of practical peared.Jcomeout-homogeneousatthelastThelittlerills "Astohidyvisiters,thindresses,witheveryvarietywaslargelyattendedbyearnestChrisnanflfromdive»sauchfiu>taaabesteuittbeclimateofMiagonn.Westnowdisturbyou?Iftbeydo,Iwillhavethemreirof human existence, flowing from a thousand different nources, like the differing lills of a mighty river,haveeachandallbeen buttributary tothe great channel of human life in history, their varied compositions losing their distbetive character inof trimming, predominatedamongtheyoungsvelvets and rich silks constituted the garb of the staid matron. Manyabeautiful skirt paid thepenalty ofitsgrace-Churches,allthemoreprobablyforthefoliowing choicemorceuuin ThePullic Ledger,waicb,itisto be biped, is not a specimen of the manner* learned at theBusinetsMeu'aPrayer-Meeting:.ACosTRMl"nBi.ROrjTRAOB.—Tbepor»onwhostealthilyand srM-nkixiely place* the uoti©*fi of a tre-»»onabie me*tlng on the •«Bt»-btthe BnnluensMena'DullyUnionPreyer-Meetin?onofibegardenffcearboretum5Blocated,containing25 acrffl,andheretbe stately and beautiful treeeofour own fo?eeti, as well as thowb of other lands adapted to thecbn-a*e,arein*ended,»ofindapace.THE PLAINtlFF, JtTVlT. CATHARINE CARSTAWO. The plaintiff, Mies Effie Catharine Caratang, has livedincomparativeobEcniitytillthecommencemeatmoved." Y:-'-''••'• ***£But the ungrateful ghoet, without acknowledge* this accommodating spirit on tbe part of ite interroga- tor,disappeared. NOTbaaitbeenteensinee andtbelibrarian n«a continued hie nightly reeearcnet sinoa without interruption.Afewdaysagoatadinnerpartyatthehouseof%\SM U.8.St,'65.;. 7,G0UVjr«iniaJstetMonday M»»ch5,hasneithermanner*normoraletoentitletho ofthepresentproceedings. Shecametotbiecityiathe well-knownwealthygentleman,Mr.Cogswellrelated.to a aeat in any higher grade of «ooiety than that of cowipiratora y«wrl&>4, and hag reeided since on Fifth street, fce- the circumstances 88 hbove recorded, aa nearly a* w eherent rights o f m u and o f every principle o f natural justice, o r •as a mockery o f our American professions o f IlwpubUwini.in, o r as an enormous cii<ue against G od and humanity, they should havethe distinctreprobation notonlyofeveryhonestAmeri- can citizen, buttbe KXPKBKSBD AKBPUBLIHHBP CONDEMNATION'ity- •of October, the defendant filed his auewer, which ia dismal place, a n d suggests, unpleasantly enough, «mp)y a general denial of the ebarges. On the 14th any one who may be there alone, Hood's lines:t ofor two hundred and ten dollars—in recurn for whk j be h a s twenty pages of foolscap nothing a t t e n t a tlars and fifty cents a page. For a similar amount 4 , equally valoable rubb<*h Richard Raelf eollarod ovf |fix hundred dollar*, Federal currency. Augosraj,The erection of an e'queetrian statue 5Has important for iJhe defense, and on tbe second of June the case apparition the more fully, the reader should remember,inthejeportsofthetrial. Thispublicationprovedthe only successful reason urged by the def«ndaat for a new trial. Judge Reber decided that as tbe published letteT might in some way have gone before the Jury while the caee was pending, the defendant was euti;iled to a new trial. The motion for a new trial was granted on tbe 28th of June. Immediately the defend- ant commenced hunting u p testimony against, t h e plaintiff,andseldomhastbelifeofawoman,?rom childhood up, been more1 strictly investigated by the activity of lawyers than in the preeent proceeding. 8pecial commissions were issued to take testimony in Iowa, Illinois, South Carolina, Massachusetts, Ohio, and elijewbere.electioneeringdocumenttotheRepublicanside,"if tbe Court understand herself."THE nKEENPAKT, HENRT SHAW.work as the one recently erected by order of Congresa,and inaugurated with imposing ceremonies on the 22dult.—the equestrian sta'ue of Washington ! Serious- his favorite study, and while in Europe Mr.Shaw im-ly, it is beneath criticism. Y et it stands here so large proved every opportunity to gather information, orand brazen, that it challenges notice. It is, indeed?' a profit from ihe experience of others on tb»s subject.distastefultasktonoticesobadawork. Batwefeel InpersonalappearanceMr.Shawinofmediumbight, uablewoiksinthelibrary;aftersteppingbackbehind HewouldtrusttotbeelementsbroughtintocontiJ-to constrained to declare that there is not a line in it like hearty complexion, rather oharp in features, wiUi blue a partition for a moment, he aga n moved cautiously work out tho problem by h&tnral laws. I am no* pre-several months in Italy, observing the arts and artists of that country. From early youth, botany bos beenble, well-lighted rooms in the day-time, when filledARTESIANWELLATREADING,PENNSTI^VTA.- theappliancesandendowmentsrequisitetorendersuch south-w?Bternalcove Thereagain,aslargoaalife, AcorreepondentstatesthattheArtesianWellstRe**-which will stand monuments to our nhame until a ary line of tho eity on the west, from which fact Borne now whon dead 1" Columbus, Ohio, is 2,340 feet, and one a t , L 3 >< i»w i s e r g e n e r a t i o n w i l l r e m o v e t h e m . W h o a r e t h e i d e a m a y b e f o r m e d o f t h e v a l u e o f t h e t r a c t . T h i s A g a i n t h e g h o s t v a n i s h e d , a n d t b e u n d a u n t e d l i b r a - 2 , 2 8 2 f e e t . T h i s o n e a t R e a d i n g i a a l l i t a d e p t A U u ' 4 Vi men who control these things in Congress t If they magnificent property Mr./Shaw intenda to donate to the rian punned his task .without interruption. The next aolid rock ; the bore Is four inches, and ihe d 1 itaewayofthe necessities of the white laboring EXTRACTSFROMTHKCORRESPONDENCEOFA thinkitisdesirable to give anyman$50,000ofthe city,intrust,fortbeuseofhorcitizens. Thetotalof dayheexaminedtheshelvesbefore whichthoappari-eh Mew, and of their posterity. The slaveholder is alarming to spread the negro everywhere, and the Popular-Sovereignty man stands oooBy by, and says, **Lethimdoitwherever he can." We aaythe Free State* should say, confine the negro to the emallevt possible area. Hem him in. Coop him *p» Slough him off. Preserve just so much of Northpublic money, that a plasterer may perfect himBalf in the gift may be estimated at $1,000,000. For eeveral tion hud been seen standing, and by a singular coinci- driven by a eteuni engine, and requires but tore ^n LADY. his art, very well! W e might question the policy, years past, tbo work has been Bteadily progressing, dence, found that they were filled with books devoted at a time, wbo alternate with three othera, » . ^ t* ," WASHINGTON, March 9,1860. but we Bhould not feel inaulted, as we now do, by the and at thk time shows such a near liniab as fatly to de- to demonology, witchcraft, magic, spiritualism, <fco. keep the work in constant operation, ondtben *ome> ** Life In Washington, I have heard from a lady pretence of such a work as the Equestrian Statue of velop the liberal and enlightened detiigu of tbe donor. Somo of these becks are rare tomes, several oenturlea times not making more tban four inches k-dayv TB*IncWashington.CHURCH ANTI-SLAVERYCorreapondence of The N . Y . Tribune.w . M. » . 'MEETING.The v ork of the year just closed waa the erection of a old, written in Latin, illustrated with quaint dmgrams,museum' and library", of fine *rchit*ctural design and and redolent of niystic'euif while on the next atielven shaft of the auger is made of wooden rods, screwed to-execution, at a cost of $20,000. The garden proper, are tbeir younger brethren, the weat spruce works of gether, and hoictod, lowered, or turned by tbe steam.withanareaoftenacres,whichiBampleforthepur- modernspiritualist*,ofBrittan,Davis,Edmonds,and power. Theproeontexpenseisstatedatabo«t$50apose intended, ie surrounded by a wail of tbe best ma- others. The very titlea on these mystic books are sug-fri*nd, wife of a former member of Congress, was a Paradise. My observation has been that a good deal oftroubleiainvolvedintheenjoymentofthisParodies. It is true that fashion is not controlled by the example of one ore few, as I have seen elsewhere, yet I do notfindthat society here is free from that sort of arbi-that ladiee are estimated merdy according to mental held this evening at Sunaom-atreet Hall. After an ad- vantages, fcuch only as a cultivatedjudgment and taste Bodin'e Demoriomanla; Lilly's Astrology and others, a mond on Saturday, having made his argument before'InortMaccomplishments." I need hardly describe what I saw at the Presi-dresa by the Rev. Henry T . Cheever, Secretary of the assisted by rare opportunities of obaervation in other perusal of any of which would effectually murder the countries, could have planned or suggested. Fifty sleep of a person of ordinary nerve for at least half a ChurchAnti-SlaverySociety,anorganizationwas acree,itwillbeobserved,orethusoccupied.Thegroat dozennights.Itwasthese'volumesthatappearedtothe Joint Committee of the Virginia Legislature, in tho Senate Chamber, on Thursday, urging them to report in favor of recommending. Gov. Letsher to reprieveInert- OntheClevelgrade of historians. W e know they say thai man dent's stated reception of visitors. I will only mention effected, called " The Chribtian Anti-Slavery Society body of the land, comprising some 500 acres 'will be'•* Sitjxact the apparition.t ^17,167,against{ia man, and has been just that and nothing moreand nothing less, through the ages. The earth has correspondence, viz: < a very peculiar shake of the hand C. D . Cleveland, esq., of the Rev. AJbert Barneu'a a large revenue for the support of the institution.ibe sBade,. spirit, delusion or efTect of indigefetiou-r- refused to make any recommendatim, which leaveswbatever'it'Vmigut be—should not interfere with hia the whole reBponeibility with the Governor, who, it i» duties, again viatedthe varioua booka to which hemtber, till all djflerences and peculiarities have beenman,fastenednp,asbewas,forboors,toonespot,indent;JohnW.Torrey,CashieroftheCornExchangeby40feet indimentions,tobetermedthepavilion,'waatheappurition,drewed precisely aa.before,ina Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ionofStevensandHazlett."t •i-by the President—a little shove to therightwhich Chnreh, waa made the President; ibe Rev. Francis During the present year it is the intention of Mr. Sbaw to erect a row of plant-houaes near the middle ofbeen overspread by generation succeeding genera-tion,mingling,melting,interfasingthrougheach couldnothelpfeelingasympathyforthepoorold tbeRov.JosephT.Cooper.I).D.,FirstVice-Preoi- ofgreatbeauty..The'centraloneoftbesowillbe80 notJailtoapproachthemysticalcove.Thereagain belaw.Fridaynextisthedayfijedfortheexecn-sonry, tbe main entrance to which is by a gate of beuu- tifn) design and mussive conHtructdon.ge&trve. There, are the Prophecies or Prognostications . day, whioh makes a pretty costly well, partkularly if^ThesameW(.*e| i&saIncrThefirstwo*^ W MlmThe gateway includes rooms for the Keeper, and re-tiling rooniB for visitors. The couflervaiory in tbe gar- kon; Godwin's Lives of tho NeoromancerB; Glauvilseemed to say, ' Psss along as quick as you can.' I Church, of the United Presbyterian Church, Secretary; tlje garden, which will constitute tin additional feature wished to refer toj and when occasion demanded, did understood, declines to interfere witb the execution ofSTRANGE DREAM!And here I nust add, it did all prove most wo»df>IH. I conclude, lastly, that John Brown's pur- pose w as to get together four or five hwsdredfe won 6c, 82a* Cumberland Cot New-Y ork Centaas.oora«/w do 1,00sLoirifrfanaSta5.00sCaHfornU*ta 2,000 Erie 2d M t i 2>Cte Erie Erie RK .' Ed*., Ext, *m3,ftX) Hnd R . R Kdo..do........ do........ 40,000 do........25.0W *>,00«%mMich. O n t . I cc-utlitMt.1 Conr. Bond4 www.fultonhistory.comI 