 w f•8>Rfcjfcubutthat tljpGoyer-rtor m^ thoir meters keptitt>f his face] of wbj jbaVe destroyed-ti < ^.Attheendoftiii/apartmentwhich I of rare gentility pthe taimegentle coi"here to be found, t jnized. A nlnmber£rrega«. pfeudoiisl i t:.^^^AB^R^f BRITISH GVUjfAAJWjmate-weresuchthatmanagers^niymulated property, and rose to be P ^ T * *I this impre^f0Di a 8Cheme was formed to seize and appropriated for the building of enure!**, aM ^ for tbe Japanese make, dear in an instant by signs j Tommy has already learned to sing and whistle—a• r R J ^ *JM*2UZ>0£S.[F<w»taiArtieJe.^:, ..... - ••,••W)POTJLT10N OF G U I ^ A - F I R S T STEPS TOWARD E>xAKCBPATION.Engknd, whence also plantation « » F P W » * £out! the mercantile business was hunted to a feyishment-^: 11 the white people on the estates, ^o(L Guiana. The colonistft consente:<1 then to go to Georgetown in a body, a;,a to claimtgfcotftJy after the fqmal cession of the Oniana ^ £ w*« ^ s s e d l«y the Britwh Parliament. Thistf^M Optica b> *o aB tbe IfcfcSsh slayo colonies, was fctecdti««* cheek upo* the f*rt&ter introduction *f JOric^ slaves, ntuttbv;rs of wl*wn, in spite of the WW^olition of the African tirade, continued to i*e clandestinely iiftowduced into those colonios . where slave lnbifr **as moat profitable. The num- ber thus introduced into the Guiana CckNiieshad jprobaMy becw ><jwrte so#«ftent to keep tbe slavepopulation «p to tbe awfcmnt at which it stood when tbel?n*d& >*» made illegal. According to fiie' first Tregrstratioo, made in 1827, Uie total of slaves *a fne 6ui«ma Colonies was 101,712,ofwte*n77,263wereregisteredinDemerar*andmore readilytho freedcp which they imagined thai, the king had to these appropriations in bopes 4f.getting rid of pastCj after which it ia ready for reception in the lable rather a good thing. I regret to say he » extend*beann nporijthe j.a !,gioncf theiV light * fly ineeseamily area drawing for|h apuls ^Booien-yitze, the ar ^produced the drawn•who consequently, ranks* j a s c<intribnt the night wienTri'•of h is ^eady| talc n J i ,it, becatne sA one*; e mtu>ica*mg jthe ir.uWith tfcat skjilled a rtpaper. As tor Bo<* (-expression, by s^u,: •eleeve a. Japanew' ;ni;3n teetilaionyj of bi> p •^withdrew it'jto ina<:riBatisfaqtion.IThenton its leaves [I found j>f birds, as neat andjF.or 'a day or tvo "heartodJ . Thehaunts him. LA dei>.i| •quarter, and k r o v ttJBooJen-yitrcf But8 'Were not clear to tinand he persisted in bWith grejatfurce. hi'o •was more astonished <ing.When|Jooien-ylook an aktitoide of at /ampositivebedidr.-'it The surroundinjzv of friends are mierestin^ .Okatoro's etaiely purl•mestic. ^catiered ah Jbandkerchiefii of rca^ ISgnres, mirrors of^ p*l "fcg dimenwonis, mnnuf a^njged. ae to fit togetli*fcolid form, arid other <"necessity,jOddestofj Jboxes, hisientjd to^h•<&A m leDgtjb, li>ur in hi *roIl of soft [cloth t the head to rest nj>o contain drawers, in wlhowever, are solid, an< in order that the aim n iBrmly. Uponpblesa tic articles-|-teeth-brusithe ends split fcto i>M tooth-powders,^whic]^ i Btrings for biiv£ng up iStrips of whtttei>aper. ' As I enter, the partifllastralions'oLc klw? >'ev they detect pxiriy err-* exactness thfit shows ;iory; They! langjb at jSword upon ithefright hj«se flag. Jlorcoyer. j*Views of the same tec " . ' I fyictorials, aiid invitee cA sketches are really mor| ilie American krtfst. ii ^ictureequenegslof ef. :Cto minuthp, aW^is cont€ in this respect.. I f • -:. A conjorerjs advertiiii [picked np, and Its, pdqjat,fcundrydevice^ of lege! Jthe Japanese] repaid witl ^Sciousness o$ strength i iSam« is Yewlahi' stands; 3FIe crumples viio a hathick shee.t of jwiper.Bize, and soofi is hiddef jright hand, Be wave %ntly emerges frbm berj"Jittle paper butterfly -obedient to the tioyemei 4o the ground. | Yewahin which no paper roil ca his seat bowimr tefore tl Jewah afterward ««•!t>f ingenious leduBeatio: 1us toes, wliieh Rfe can .is larly in the way] of pia« ^ause to know,! he i -fans he shows, btat no!.eJhefirst,abovedescrib-d Always qnipk to exi.ib "erty, they arei equally rc£ Everything : birouig^t f riold utensils-draw, from ihey become covetous <>v A newly-invfateil .rev>l 'Booien-ritres rriSnd f r ha\'iog detected the ami •Off himself, and in a o n| ^llits machinery. He dbange, ofFising a amali2>ut as he does, thifi with idea that his [superiors r. transaction, "therejis evio'e, 5t, and the bargsop v«rru' openly proposed by th' d Stock of Japo«eee|liU-ra:u.ji, liletime, the molt import -dictionary ia the jthree v illustrated ia a! maimer tl -cjoifce in the sihade. The ibinding books is peculiar, j "upon one ride of a|very lo .ijinding, is folded |ogetLc[ fare series, or likejafan. acourse, half the! pages of « "ibut as the leavj»s tire nc\ v a y with the c^vehieiH <*'As evening kd*aaev.-« their ham and ric* and ^ •fervent adiens [upon'all rh 1 must leave ahenS; fcr ii^hiall find new motives i-.-v, ^esolntion to withdjraw fr<> ,juid entertaining cqinpaid^rA MARKIJCD MAM I* Ptri Xv«^*"furnishe Jus whit thj-a young man in Lyons, -ties 4ion, could find uo ether uif oiuirt-iage. He wept to a pthe firtt girl whom!he hapj her a thonsjuvi franc-s to b yinge-day, after which tb«>j She accepted, ihehaims >vt jnony was performed. Wl Paris and he wjent |6'Eu^rh til 1858, at wh*ch ^me be handsome fortune. [/A f v wias informed by hL^secv* tain age insisted ongaeeiutf I aidmitted,aHd behola! ii \vi Hied by a lawyer, who do] seed which she had for ": 15,000 franc* dowu, or M frjancs. Thchusbalid of Ji jbefore, refused, andjhi!> wl mand before one oflithe civ. her husband be compelled v<a to give ber. tho means <>fOn Thursday afternoon a Hotel, Willia»i sttoet. in ce of a fluid lamp. A bed uuil ( Damage trifiiiig:-stores and warehouses at Georgetown und ^ w - ftfWt&m *» threat Britain tfcje Slave Kegiatration Amsterdam. Here also might be fou^d a few whitel the missionaries. The first a t ^ ^ t a , however, at sent out t< 'them. Almost all the slaves on the subjecting the colonists to '/dggious restraints en- East Coni t were either privy to tho plot or wore countered some drawbac^s. Very few of the cler- pursuaded to join in it* The plan of operations gymen first inducted orato the new parishes—a "Would seen to have been matured on Sunday, the port of which were &l«soopatiuh and a part Pres-human moutli. To the Japanese appetite, it ^ appeals icg his American acquirements in a less praiseworthy with much sweetness; to the untutored American pal- direction, for he is getting to swear after a curious ate, it falls short of the expectation aroused by its elab- manner, and, when over excited, mioses undue pro*•crashing appellation giv«n to -such as were"born -m t i c colony, ^ f the slaves -Of Deraerara and Essc-sition which their mothers had occupied, and to of the cttaes by his coloi-ed sei-vant, and this act as ** housekeeper " for some white man. Such- manager, (be lore the strike began, hastened to towntbe several mouths, and disappears. It well relieves were to be accomplished by the knitting of the two eye-, theremembranceoftherecentBirooko,foritspungent' browsintoone,orbyshiftingthemouthintoanin>spice and gentle sweetness recommend themselves very convenient position under one ear. But still no '•' 1 '* favorably,eventoAmericansenses^Inmoresincer- isheard.Idonotthinkthat,evenbyaccident,theyeve*ity, this is declared a tranquilizing and cheering nipt; and I observe they never become familiar with draght. The saki bottle is restored to its resting genilemen who have " I's " in their names, always re-p] _for intemperance is a feature of civilization garding euch with a species of distrust. Tbi* afono-qnibothere-were,offr?e.yearsolda»dunder, aconnectiongavethem.apositionamongtheir 19,814; frowrtsve to ten, 7„442; from ten to thirty, own class far above that to be derived from mar-togivet;l11larm. Thecolonyhadamilitiaforcein which all the free male inhabitants were obliged29,124;ftwuthirtytoforty,19,938;frerafortyto fifty, 7,414$ and over fifty, 3,391. Tho details of file Berbiee registration as to birth and ages nave never appeared in print.riagewithamanoftheirown-color./Thecolored men were >ebliged in consequence to seek their female -companions among women darker than themselves. The free colored and black popula- tion were, like the whites, mostly collected in Georgetown and New-Amsterdam. Many of them possessed property; but they were jealously ex- cluded from any approach' to political or social equality with the whites.Guiana. Theslaveawere only thought of in theirtp^scrve,oinJtheGovernoras^OOMaspossiblemis- ited,incaseofsales,the separationof rela-tered a lody of colonial cavalry, and proceeded up tions. It required that slaves should be allowed the coasU J .But this force was not strong enough to testify,;and required a specific allowance ofto prevent the rising, and was obliged to fall hack. The commander of the garrison was then called upon; fresh troops were sent off at midnight. The next da;j[martial law was proclaimed, all the free population were put under arms,, and strong de- tachmer f militia and regulars were marched uptheci)ast] Thesetroopsinarchedallnight,and the s e w a l detachments having united very early on Wednesday morning, they reached the plantation 41 Batcllelbr'3 Adventure," some twenty miles from only be kept up, b«i anight be increased in number. character of. working animals, and not at all as Gcorgefown, where they found a large body of tie-a c e woqld suffice to show the difference between theman4; tained to—and all parties settling themselves for smiles the Chinese, with whom " 1" is rather a favorite con-rThe ©jenonents «f the -abolition of the slave-trade bad maixrtained tfeat as ft would be impossible for the plantations, wittwut regular ^uppliee from Africa, to keep «p the number of their-slaxes, thoCouncil, as being contrary to the terms granted tothe.Colony at the time of the original capitula- ceedings, I now find it easier to look;with fair appreci- utler them. But the best evidence of the distinctnesscolonies; in conse<|»ence of the abolition of that trade,mustneeessarSygotoruin. Tothi3ithad been answered that, by proper.indulgences to theWhatevermayhave'beenthecivilizingoperation of the slaveholding system elsewhere, such results were hardly to be looked tor in the colonies oftion. But this doctrine received no countenancefrom the British Government, which on .the' con-trary,byaneworderinCouncilofthenextyear,with a view to facilitate their plans of ameliora- result of the internal fumigation practiced by all who view between tbe American arid Japanese physicians tion, annexed Berbiee, where similar changes had truly value Japanese tobacco. His rich trowsers ex- the;,other evening. " Your American doctors," her•' women, and proper attention to the care of the young children, the slave population might notpand like folds of feminine raiment, and shine with a says} "have much science. Ours have none, weknovfc also been made in tile legal position of tho slaves, it very well. But they will learn." Thus it is always. •sequently smalL This white population embraced, day as a holiday being about the only boon whichwhom were sentenced to death, and others to be •flogged j p m two hundred to a thousand'lashes. At different periods during the five months that martial law. was kept up, twenty-eight were exe- cuted. Several were hung in chains along the Eastand the Colonial members of the Court of Policy, toward the holder, and then flung through the air, in a document addressed to the Governor, in which turning in its' course, so as to, pierce the object atint the first place, the oflieiais, the Governor, Judges, and the holders of various offices con- cerned in the administration of colonial affairs.Many of these offices were held by patent for life. Some of them, paid by fees, were very lucrative. A t first the old Dutch officers were continued in their places, but as they died out, successors had been sent from England.(he slaves hod yet derived from tho Christianity of their masters. 'The extremely savage punishments in use among the lJutch planters, especially in the case of runa- ways, had for the most part beep disused since the F i n i s h occupation; hut it may be doubtedwhether on the whole, »the slaves had yet gained anything by the change. The attorneys and managers inthey besought him to delay the.publication of the order, declared themselves impressed with a firm conviction that,. if such a publication did takewhich it is aimed.All around Moroota's room are javelins, helmets ofbrass, long swords, some hanging from elevations,* Next came the resident proprietors, who con- charge of the estates of non-residents, looking stituted a sort of superior class, to enter into more to the crop of the year than to ulterior con-which, if possible, was the great object of amui-" tion for all the white inhabitants. The number of utmost, and embarrassed resident proprietors, con-THE JAPANESEEMBASSY.these resident proprietors was, however, much less than that of the plantations, as few persons cared to reside in the colony whom necessity did not compel to do so. The proprietorship of many of these resident planters was indeed not much more than nominal, tho substantial ownership being in certain British mercantile houses, toscious*of the precarious title by. which they held their estates, and anxious to get all that was possi- ble out of them, wero strongly tempted to do the same thing. It was not alone the hours of day- light to which the labor of the slaves was confined. On the cotton plantations then were obliged to work at night in the ginning of cotton—a slowThe trial wl ich excited the most interest was-which the plantations were mortgaged, aud to process, as it was performed entirely by wooden.the rising seemed to have been matured. Tie was• i ' l ' •accused of having instigated the insurrection byhis preaehir:g'-| of having known that it was in-tended, without giving information of it; and ofhaving held communication after the rising withQuomhui, onofofthe supposed leaders. The court-martial found >iim' guilty of having' promoted dis-content lin-.the minds of the negroes; of havingreceived' M\intimation the day before the risingthat some*movement was intended, and of havingI* - i§ lheld communication with Quamina. They sen- tenced him to death—a sentence which the Homewhich the mortgagors were obliged to ship theproduce. In many cases plantations were the tbe processes of the sugar-house were kept up byproperty of these houses, carried on at their risk night as well as by day, and on many of the largerand expense, but their policy generally was to estates the sugar-houses were kept in operation secure to themselves the certain profits upon the during a large part of the year.transportation and sale of the produce, w-hile theyfound somebody else to take tho risk of seasons,cultivation, crops, and prices. Hence they gener-The slaves received a weekly allowance of plant- ains and salt fish, though the salt fish allowance was sometimes curtailed and sometimes'altogetherop^n to me. In the room of my brown-skinned and bright ejed host, Moroota Okatoro, who is decorated with, high rank of Imperial bestowment, and whose virtues shine evtn as tbe purple brilliancy of his robes of srate,. I yield to the gentlest intlueuces that ever soothed the fevered air of a Washington saloon. Mo- roota Okatoro, diffusing that balmy smile that com-for the Japaneseis as soft and smooth as auy lauguage. cbaraft|r. They bold their brushes straight upright^, Tspkara, too, has melidyin his voice. He is a notable and point each Hue with cautious delicacy. An hour gentleman in the embassy. His rank is high already, scarcely suffices them to fill half a dozen small pages. but his youth—he is only twenty-six—prevents his At le.ngih one finishes his day's duty, and*turns, hot to present assumption of the eminence of station to which recrestjon, but to his English dictionaries, settling him- he will soon be entitled. His birth is equal to that of for some hours' work upon our language. He has pro- the principal embassadors. He-has talent, wealth, and cured a number of lit'.le English books, among Which good looks. Unquestionably, he is the handsomest I notice jjv " Manual of Etiquette," the last species of man in the embassy; and I think, as I glance at him literature necessary for Japanese perusal.now, notwithstanding his I eccentric posie'—Uat upon chairs, and knees saluting noee—that his superiors iu personal appearance are not numerous hi this land. Iapplied to the cultivation of sugar. The second aud third depths were taken up for that purpose, and' occasionally two, three or four lots were united .slaves was very scanty.higher officers, he reduces himself for a moment to pre-ternatural tameness,but,jhismissionhavingended irigswereheardofthelostbook;butineverydirection,'"^mm A,:»mn'>,t%fffew>¥back,andmf^&%todeprivethemofIt.Underweredivided,intoparishes,and M&^:%0mill,theconjunctionof«rhichtellsthewholestory;tteirabduehistumultuoustemper. ,k'bv• As theW d u c e of most of ^ ^ ^ bind,^ \fc ft I put into tho stocks—with which each pay of clergymen. This was the co;^m e E W j e m e n f c shipped directly to 'the owners or » £ £ W jiAtttation Was furnished as ar instrument of pun- of the existing religious e s t a b l i 8 b ^ e n t o f B r i ^ > .great acquisition, since the Japanese are not a singing people, and have but few iWieal instruments. He hasmechanics, masons', carpenters, blacksmiths, & c ,but generally they had slave* to whom they hadtaught their trade*, and whose labor they contentedthemselves with directing. There were also otherpersous who. owned what were called "taskgungs,'* slaves skillful in digging trenches andother plantation work, for which they were let out «irt and v hkrh many of the slaves from the.adjoin- ing loo&eness (if their ways, the|y themselves too by. the job to such as needed their services. Add ing plantii iftli« were in the habit of attending. often fell into the 'loose habits of the colony. In a few lawyers and doctors, and the sum of the The risins, which took place on Monday afternoon, one respect tbe example jof the new Governor w/nite population will he ma<£e up. was so fa> successful that on most: of the estates went further than either the preaching or practicefenity with his conversation in very inapplicable ways.. But Tommy has no notion of impropriety eonnectefl with his oaths; he looks upon them as emphatis ex-i pletives,,which, having heard, he cannot do better- than to cherish, and make UBe of.sequences,werereadytopresstheslavestothewhichhadexcitedthehorroroftheBritishpublic, were arrestcd;by orders from England-ADAYATWILLARD'S. F'rom Our Own Reporter.WASHINGTON, May 22, 1860. • All day within the precincts of the Japanese, I revelrollers propelled by the foot. On the augar estatesally stood ready to sell for a moderate sum down,taking a mortgage for the remainder; or, where withheld, the slaves being told to go and catch Government [commuted' into banishment from mands the good-will of all who share his hospitablethe purchase was made of an independent proprid-, fresh fish out of the trenches. Even the plantain the West Indies.. But he died in prison before the mats and nigs, Jeans back in the ample arm-chair,tor, to advance on mortgage a large part of tho purchase money, in order to secure to themselves the shipment and sale of the produce.allowance was not always sure. On many estates orders for. his release arrived.-' By the British winch almoft engulfs kis slender form, and beckons, aThe room, of the secretaries has been for several days a habitation of mourning. Yosida Sagosaidmon,Is was by means, principally, of advances thusmade, that about the time of which we are now bought, the slaves were apt to be stinted, andis liot loftily titled, L-hekawa Kaingkish*, but he car-jried his nobility in his heart, which overflows wit)goal, nature to a degree that often smothers commonprudence. He lifts from the hearth the small, neatcopjier vessel,,with burning coals, which has its place This is the young interpreter (Tataiesi Onajaero) who, iu evc-ry Japanese apartment of distinction. Withspeaking, tbe sugar cultivation in the Guiana colonies underwent a decided extension. The growing competition from the United States render-"TOMMY.". '•gayety. With " Tommy;" near, sobriety departs.ing the cultivation of cotton less and less profitable,the plantations on a portion of the sea coast were cloth about the loius, while the dress of the femalewhich resulted at length in the emancipation ofthe plantain could not be successfully cultivated. public generally his. conviction was regarded not nded on any evidence that he hadready attendant, who forthwith spreads around etranIn certain districts it was liable to a disease which caused the plantains to .turn black just as they. were reaching maturity. When the supplies, werewhen the crop fell short, short allowance was tho These whole proceedings had a great effect in consequence. As to clothing, any supplies of that strengthening t re strong sentiment againstSlavery,sort bestowed by the masters were very tritlh'".The men ordinarily went naked, except a narrow the negroes. .!by virtue of absolute reckletsuess aud a.^Urely Ameri- delifate tongs, of darning-needle dimensions, he stirs can spirit of .devilry, has won the jolly nickname inThe legislative body for the colony was a Court of Policy,;;jso called—one of the old Dutch institu- Itwastheoppositionmadebytheplantersto tions.' It'consistedofeightmembers,ofwhom into one plantation—a mile in front with five or the religious instruction' of their slaves much four were offichls, holding their appointment fromwinch he much rejoices. Coming, now, in presence of pleased with the possession of so rare a curiosity, for-17th of j\ugust^ at a London missionary chajel byterian—proved a&eflttJ^e to the emergency. In- which had been telt on the plantation Lc RcsouW" stead of convnrUjng the colonists from the prevail-orate preparation. A semi-mouthful satisfies all mydesire, but it must not be said that I bring grief to thegenerous hearts of my entertainers by rejecting theiroficring upon any such insufficient ground as that Ifind it 'simply intolerable. I swallow all, with gravity,and, after finishmg^ exclaim, "Ari-atta!"—the onlyJapanese phrase in which I am perfect, and of which1 am very proud. It signifies, "ijthankyou," and T, directly assumed a deep interest in ber. He explained have "chosen it for my first study, because I have found to her all sorts of things, and for once repressed hi«"The free colored «>d free black population, com- on the SEaet Coast the anan^gcrsj overseers and of the new clergymen. He took his wife with him,posed mostly of the mixed race, to whom the term other whi to! people were seieed and put into'the and the Government-House now gave an example) colored was exclusively-applied, were njfetrly twice stock* an 1 Idetuhied there till they were relieved of social decencies and domestic proprieties hith-as«nmerousasthewhites. Thefemalesfonwedra bytfcetr<opssentfroniGeorgetown. ertounknown. Fromthis,poriodmaybedatedathat the one English sentence which all the high-bred boisterous instincts. He kept calling aE.bia compan- foreigners'have mastered is to the same effect. The ions to look at the pretty stranger, and when she wa* satisfaction that iny friends show at finding I ap- about going away, asked; " I s it permitted here to kitg.prove,atlectinwords,theirlittle1delicacy,servesto alittlegirlsoyoungasthat?"—addingthatinJapan. drive away the slight discomfort I endure. it yens considered exactly the correct thing to do. ', Wheeling into the center of the room a new and ;The entrance and exit of Tommy having- mter^^pted:E w e ^ b o ^ a n d %4&9 ia Berbiee, Of tfec whole- large majority. It-had been from early time tho cus- "Where po resistaneewas made, as was generally gradual change in the ideas and manners of tfre•Bomber, 5^;573 w«F5 males, and only 41,139fe- :tom of the pla»ter8'to"3elect concnbincli from-anioug 'the case, W.surprise being complete, the slavesmales. ^3&is greotoxcess of tasks,- am«unt&&g to 4he female slaves. "QChe children born of tlk;se con> «hed iio bjjo^d. On one or two plantations where^^4S'mM the result of the African stove-trade," ncctions wes^e-oCtera manumitted, ^nd frequently th#y wer< Ujpposcd with firearms, they used fire-"bywidth jnore-aflfclcs than females had'been ihtro- the woman herself had her freedonf-given to her or a^ins in rpiyn, and in this way one or two whiteswhites not less remarkable than.that which hastaken place in the condition of the negroes. • heavier chest, Ishekawa lifts the.lid, and exposes to itrieseriousness of Moroota Okatoro's apartment, tran-dxxxd* XnDewsrara and E<roqxrjborfchero were, : «ot of the whote number, 42,224 nafcsve Africans,purchased ;for -bar. The boys f^vero generally were kirl d and three or four wounded.Experience soon showed that to give the new enactments in favor, of the slaves their full opera- tion, additional provisions were needed. As the Court of Policy proved intractable, these were made in 1830 by an order in Council—the colonies of Guiana being considered0, in their character of conquered colonies, subject to direct legislation by theCrown. Thisorderprovidedfortheappoint- ment of assistant protectors of slaves. It prohib-view rows of long bottles, which he regards with glis- quility is given over. Moroota himself runs away, intening eye^ Clutching-the neck ojf. one, he whirls it obedience to a summons from the princes. Ishekawa from, its place, holds it a second poised in air, then, ataks.npon a course of English study. At present hei«:taught sosne trade as a-means fi livolihood. It /Infonm itaon of. what was intended was commi- aad%34,939 • cwtsle slave*, tant beirg the dktin--' was the wmbitiora of the girls to >fill tbe same po- nicated ok;Monday morning to the manager of oneliqnor. This is the ' Sakl," or wine of the Japanese.With fitting seriousness the said rises, approaches twjist their faces in the dire distortions, as if tho- feat.Immediately: subsequent to the abolition of the men capable of moral and intellectual cultivation. grocs'effect ;$, amounting, it was supposed, to two colony the name of British Guiana. disclose neatly-eandaled feet, with silken foot-coverings iority of what they find really worthy of respect or slave-trade, the planters seem to have turned their The example set them by their white superiors thou saiiM or.' ipward. , A few had firear^ns, others The Constitution given to the new Colony, and of finest texture, half gaiter, half stocking. His robes admiration here. There never was a Chinaman who> attention to a domestic supply, and the number of was not one from which they were likely to derive were rcrned with the cutlasses used '•'for cutting which it still retains, was in substance the same oflight blue crape float and swell like, the thin smoke failed to claim the origin and existence of everythingchildren under ten years of .age, •indicated by tho much benefit. Ar, to religious instruction, it was canes, and fiir other plantation labor. #11e officer with that which had prevailed in its constituent •that surrounds them.' In his belt reposes always the good for his own country.' above return, appeared to favor the idea of thus ha.dly to be expected that those who regarded ifc in command inquired what they wanted. Some parts. The Court of Policy consists of five offi- short* sword of dignity, which proves the wearer's KjOw enters a singular old gentleman, whose real| keeping up the population. But subsequent regis- said two'Ilays in the week..". Others said cial and. five elected members, tho Governor, who noble rank. I find, however, that this weapon is not ranjc I find difficulty in ascertaining, but who appears* trations, as we shall see, did not support this an- so little in their own case, should take any trouble always inseparably, connected with tne idea of hara- , tq enjoy a great deal of inexplicable freedom among ticipation. \o bestow it on their slaves. In tho Dutch times,' "three days.I" Tie told them in reply that if they acts a s one of the official members, having, in case kiruh fhara, the stomach, kiruh,' to cut open) as has the higher offieeie. His name is Gomi Yasooroya-The excess of males above females, the dis- two churches had been built, one at Fort Island, would give \m their arms and return home, he of a tie, an additional casting vote. This Court been supposed. The ordinary short sword is worn for mcoa, and his province seems to be to make friends byin Fssequibo—but Fort Island was now deserted would;' envoy their desires to the Governor. Upon of Policy possesses general legislative powers, and use in cases of close fighting. The disemboweling immoderate distribution of presents. He comes novy*proportionate number of those between thirty and _ a n d ftnother fa B e r b i c e > F o r a ] o time the a new parley, they said ."they wanted their free- also the right of framing an annual estimate of the knife, which is even less in length, than the second withjeleeves and robe replete with trinkets, tobacco- • t • . _ _ ^ J . _ ! I / . HH . Vi A •• » *•« A l l « • . . . . . I . I > I • . 1 ¥ . i 1^. A J k l i * 'forty—nearly doable what they-would have been English had contented themselves with the readiri''dom- rthat ,the king had sent, it out, and that amount of money needed for the current expendi- sword usually worn, is in the possession of the higher pouches, candies, little cups, which he consigns, within a normal condition of the population, and the very small proportion of those over fifty, made4<they Ypuld be free.". As they still held theirofthe.garrison. Itwasnottill1310thatthey ground,thetroopswereorderedto fire.and the raiseit. Butbeforetheseappropriationsortaxes guishedbytheabsenceofaguarduponthehandle, friends. Forthese,however,he.isnotunwillingtoof the church service oxv Sundays by the chaplaintures of the'Colony, and of the taxes required toofficers, but not .so generally displayed. It is distin-ineffable smiles, to the few beet among his Americaathe effective force of the slave population at the built, at Georgetown, a little church.of their own, uvgrocs were dispersed, a good many having been have the force of law, they must first receive the showing that it is intended for private application, and receive presents in return, and the gift of a handker,time of this first registration much beyond that to be expected from a population equally numer-ous but sustained by natural increase.There is no exact account of the free populationof the Guiana colonies at the date of this first slave registration; but to judge from enumera- tions subsequently made, it could hardly have ex- ceeded some eight thousand, ot whom three thou-sand or less were whites, and the remainder free colored and free blacks.The small number of whites, who'alone, in a legal point ot view, constituted the community, consisted, in a very large proportion, of men.Xn rriago was an idatitutum not much in use, audthe number of white women and children was con- Sundays on their estates—the recognition of Sun- sons wjre ibu id guilty by this Coui-r, many of At this time sugar had fallen to a very low price,; used; it is first laid flat upon the right hand, the pointy^lHTDI ttKOBBB souByanotherordinance,Demeraraand E8«e^^0 smallberry,not unlike coff^>$*a ^ell-constructed*-,.food and clothing. An attempt was made to- re-sist this legislation for the Coloqy by order in which the Japanese: have not, among themselves, at-chief i fills him with delight, which rises to rapture)ligious instruction to the. slaves was made by two ers werj) shotqn the spot by the sole authority of This union of th& Colonies was followed by an inappreciable, cannot possess this sword, and are, stockings, which he balances in his hand doubtinglyy or three missionaries sent out by thel London the mili ary commander. - Bryant's "Account of order in Council, to which was given the title of moreover, forbidden the privilege of making away asjif ito excite alternate hopes and disappointnrents. Missionary Society. These missionuriesjwere re- "the I: surrec ion" gives the names of. twQiiiy- the consolidated Slave Ordinance. In addition to with themselves, which is a special prerogative of the But when a pair of American stockings is laid upon his garded by the great body of the planters ^ith very three d imposed of in this summary manner. the provisions already mentioned, it contained new nobility. Considering their eminent distinction, these kneel irresolution vanishes, and he makes over the bit ill feeling aud much suspicion, as having come A coi jrt-marf ial was assembled at Georgetown— ones for the,, appointment of paid assistant pro- weapons seem, to the.unfamiliar mind, to be somewhat ofpr>p^rty with promptness. In like mannerman^an example imitated nine years after by the erec- killed n | d woinded. The next ten days were era-. approbation of the Combined'Court, so Called, ir/tion of. a Presbyterian Church, many of the ployed h searching the plantations for arms, and which six Financial Representatives, elected by upon, by opening his bowels crosswise, aud letting out flaskl of perfume is offered. The sight planters being Scotch by birth and Presbyterians in appr< bending the ringleaders or suspected ring- the colonists, sit and vote with the members of his life in the least comfortable manner to be imagined. of the handkerchief aroueea Ishekawa's acquisi- by education. The first attempt to give any re- leaders. Some were fient prisoners to town, "oth- the Court of Policy. Servants, whose amount of honor is supposed to be tiveness, and he proceeds to unwrap a pair of Japaneseto spy. out the nakedness of the laud; and, indeed, -martial law being still kept up—for the trial of the tectors. of slaves, reducing the hours of labor to degraded by association wtoh ste'el chop-sticks andthe acco\inta they felt themselves obliged to give"of remaining prisi.nors, about two hundred in num- nine, and for pregnant women, and children underthe moral and religious condition of the country her. T he Chiof Justice of the coloriy sat as a fourteen, to six. It also increased the allowanceswere not very favorable. Several planters, how- memhei:•of. thi's Court, in his character of a lieu- hitherto prescribed, and reduced the extent of liar weapon of steel, about six inches long, and sharp-ever, were found, who allowed them to preach on tenant e'oloncl |< f militia. A great number of per- punishment to fifteen, lashes.... „ . . ened at the end, is concealed in the scabbard. WhenCoast road, and others were decapitated, and their. .place, the utter ruin and desolation of the Colony, seme lying on chairs or floor, all in scabbards of mostheads stick'one poles. In addition to these capi-' tal executions, seventeen were subjected to most severe Hoggings, and sentenced to be worked in chains. There still remained fifty prisoners under sentence of death when these bloody proceedings,already suffering under the severest calami ties, would be consummated.ingenious adornment. . The swords themselves are of a steel superior to any .other known, and the best of them can cut through a bolt of iron or an inferior sword without turning the edge. The handles arc inlaid with preciojns stones, and bound around with silkcord..Thescabbardsareofthickskin,profusely covered with colored lacker, and sprinkled with gold-dust and mother-of-pearl.Prom the open mouths of many boxes are gushingthat of John Sriith, one of the London Society's mis-:• siohariee, at v, hose chapel or its vicinity the plan of in an atmoppberc of Oriental fragrance. Noisj ha- varied robes of shining silk, fans, hats, sandals, hand-objects of unknown meaning, which'the worthy of-anythii totoAvilhtho movement, which indeed fic(ir,, Bhekawa Kaingkishe, is eager to develop. He . In the midst of all.this quiet comfort enters, with a who iain amateur artist in. his way, recorded duringso much as -foriwas every way improbable, as on prejudice and hostility against the missionaries, and repugnance to having j the slaves instructed at all iu religion.message, ^' 'hTM voyage from Japan , to these shores,, pictorial re- membrances of all men and all things that came before him. His sketch-book was filled with portraits of his rowhutanand Koanoke friends, and with Sandwich- Island, S p Francisco, and Isthmus views, all accurate to his mind, and cherished by him with particular af- feetion. Unguardedly, he let this treasure pass front his hands, to those of some unfair stranger, who,even gjo far us New-York, emissaries were dispatched! to seek and to recover it. To-day, however, it was. discovercdin Washington, where it had beeu circulate ing freely ;upcn Pennsylvania avenue, making large tho eyes of admiring visitors at book stores. Safely re^ turned to Yosida, it takes once more i^ station neo| his heartland smiles again irradiate the features of tbf long-torrpwing secretary.Even mere industrious than the Secretaries are th* sugar planters, who, however, in the extent of the everywhere attended. The subject of Parliament- min -d'Urbiln, w as sent out, and at length, after too fresh and pleasant to be speedily surrendered. about, amor.g his fellows] like a peacock with an occupants of the next room. These are the iuterpreters,seven miles of depth. Steam-engines were now •greater in many of the colonies than in those of the crow.nl Tj o other four wero c^onists, ap-- besilie each person. Then from his belt come pipes— in the queerest tricks. The other day, he inveigled aintroduced for the grinding of the cahes, instead of which wc are now speaking—that first drew the pointed hyj what was called a College of Jviezcrs the wind-mills formerly in use, and sugar works fixed attention of the people of Great 'Britain to (Butch for* choosers), who, in their turn, were were erected at a very heavy expense, and on a tlie brutalities and oppression of the slave system, elected by such colonists as were the owners oftwenl}-five slaves or upward. To obtain from thisdainty and diminutive, a pinch of tobacco, pea-size, tmallboy into his room, did then and there bedeck him rolled together, filling each—which he carefully pre^ with red silk trowsers, and sent him forth into the.pare*; lights at the burning coals with lus own mouth, hotel parlor, an object'of public ridicule. Last nightand graciously distributes around. Three whiffs ex- he got, by some means, a paper garrote-collar, which, haust the shallow bowl, but the prompt Ishekawascale not known in any other British sugar colony.The slaves from other abandoned cotton plantations and the complete degradation on the part • of thewhich capacity, resident proprietors often acted. for " ameliorating the condition of tho slave popujja-A n attorney had tiny general oversight of the plantations, the furnishing the needed supplies, and the shipment of the produce.to be managers, of which position tb& pay, and ay, zwiu•specially the perquisites—legitimate andii!egit, JHegitj- Ithe privileg< s of marriage, of acquiring and holding. property, anil of purdmsing their freedom.all to indulge. An inquiry as to the nature Whether Tommy will or will not bo spoiled by the meats that brcak the progress of his otherwise smoothf ;i•and to the profligacy on the part of tho whites,Court of Policy the legislation demanded by Mr. stands ready to replenish. And this lie is often called' with infinite difficulty, he arranged about his own were purchased up to eke out the gangs of these blacks and the mixed race, with which it was Canning's [resolutions, a new governor, Sir Benja- upon to do, for the flavor of the Japanese tobacco Is brown neck, Amer7can fashion, and paraded himselfworks which they erected, do hot seem to have ary interference to restrict the absolute power of a most ' sin-nuous resistance on tho part of Meanwhile, a little kettle of well-wronght brass hisses entirely new feather in his tail.considered the limited amount of labor at their dis- the masters began to be mooted; and so serious the .colonial m<limbers, an ordinance was passed, over the coals. Heavy porcelain jars yield packages • Tommy confesses to a passionate adoration of thewho, excepting always " Tommy," carry wore respoa^ nihilities In their countenances than idioms upau th<ur tongues. Namoura, the chief, is a person of infinite'posal.Along with the resident proprietors may 6e men- tioned the -attorneys of, the absent proprietors, inwas the impression made upon the public mind to go into cue t on the ih'&t: of January, 1820, of tea, from Which small parcels are measured out aud feminine charms he finds surrounding him. Tho:•"lor y.ie relig .ous instruction of slaves, and plunged into Lilliputian pots, half filled with' cold American ladies ?e(-m to have got into his head. Ho dignity. Holding for many years, at Hakodudi, auj " fur meL(/laliug their condition." It provided wuier. Hot water.theii is added, and the steaming has confided to me an earnest desire to discover a suit- Imperial qffice—some say that particular oliice whkii Leverage is served in tiny cups, that seem fragile as able wife in this country, with whom he may peace- forma the!most remarkable feature in the Japane*a for the aprbintnrent of a protector of slaves, whose cgg-HlXills, but are really equal to all necessary uses. fully live forever, without a thought of returning to system of [Government—he hue gained for himself ua-duty it wa* to listen to their complaints,- and in To follow the Japanese taste, no sugar must be inter- Jiipan. When fans, are handed to him for his auto- limited confidence at i tho Court of Yeddo." From'general to bok titer the enforcement of tho rights mingled, and none, indeed, is needed,for in some way graph, he writes upon theni—" I like American ludy llakodadijho wassummoned to join this embassy, hhu*. 1The immediate superintendence of theplantations erara and Essequibo, but he omitted to make any case's, such las the breaking of dams) from sunset a now concoction awaits the guests. Bustling Isheka- own Upon "pretty"). Sldreovcr, the sentiments of tinged Sfamoura's character with a deeper shadoof' was in the hands of managers, so called. Under the communication to the slaves on the subject. It on'Satarda, j'jto':sunrise on Monday. It liinited:field wa (may favor rest upon his shaven bead !) struggles Tommy appear to be liberally reciprocated. Ho is a reserve than is,common among his companions. He manager were three or four overseers. These were was not long, however,' before some of the negroes work'from* |.to (,, with two hours intermission. It for a brief space in the depths of a tightly-packed chest, thorough pet. Bevies of I maidens gaze beneficently smiles seldom, but reads much, and gathers to himselfyoung men, a large proportion of thvm Scotch or on the East Coast obtained information from house and at length draws forth a. long and narrow box upon him all day, and until lato in tho evening, and ex- fresh learning every day. His maimer of speaking foibude tho fwhin to be carried in the field, abol- which he opens with dexterous hand, pouring there- tend to him unreluc'tant hands.. Matrons, too, proffer English is jwithout fear, but not, wholly without re*ficoleh-Xrish, who came out to the colonies to seek aervanta, who had heard the matter talked of— ished the w iipping of women, limited punishments from a fine gray powder, and saying tho while in him attentions, but, with Jkeon discrimination, he is preach; I'fojj, though* accurate even to a surprising dc»tbeir fortunes. Their pay was small and their service and no doubt with decided emphasis — at their hard, but ihey had the hope of rising after a time masters' tables, that something ha^lJeen^Uoue inthat in l'62'i Mr. Canning .moved, in the House of Commons, and .carried, a series of resolutions, proposing certain steps to be taken in the colonies" tion, and preparing them for freedom." Copiosjof these resolutions wero forwarded to Gen. Murray,the decaying fires to a bright glow. Some grains ofperfume, dropped among the ashes, send forth! odor-quspneensc. Prom closely-hound packages, stampedwith profuse inscriptions, he now extracts folds of thodelicate Japanese tobacco, fragments of which he sets frantic state. The humor of Tommy finds expressionnow cohfeired Upon theni. It secured tho shives a subtle fragrance has been imparted, which sugar " very much;" " I want to marry und live hero with self ignonhit of hi<j destination until after his arrival then aud for. ten years previous Governor of Dem- immunity atom labor (except in certain urgent would, contaminate, if not destroy. Refreshed by tea, " pletty lady"—(" plctty" being an emendation of his at the capital. The weight of office seems to havdEngland for their benefit, and, the idea presently spread among thenj that "freedom had comCout," jto twenfy-fi m hi shes,. required a record book of meaning tones, "Sirooko, sirooko," from which I punishment*[to be kept, and secured to the slaves)-'if;.' 1I•:i; ' i*i ftof rircoko "results in tho production of ' afavors that descend upon him, is a question thatsori- oiudy agitates his older and more experienced com-utterance^ The second interpreter, Tataiesi ^kajsorov . •is freer iu deportment, and kindlier iu the expressionUntitled Document..,^«,-4*-iV-'«-*'»"TM-.' '"."':.••*.•' . * » M v . * . . . " , .,.,..•. .. <>,*<'y» —•'-*'.if•••'•'•••'•**^'<^^->>^-«f**^w.*xn»txv,t^M¥lltlfm^what a garralous Y'^kee would njeed five minutes toexplain in word^,. The. sirooko is poured into largecups, and e^aal quantities of sugar are mixed by already mastered " Ilail Columbia," and " Pop means of a, xvooucn wand, consecrated to this particu- Goes the Weasel," which ho persists ia caDiny lar duty. Hot water reduces theJcompound to a thin " Poppy Goes the Weasel," and thinks the extra sy£.making; free the neck, pours out in ,'cups more delicatethan all the others, ateaspoonful or two of clear redinyolved in a struggle with the letter '*),"which finally terhnnatesin hisdiscomfitire. TheJapaneseeanaot come toiterms with "I." It resists, evades then*. Theyi .and tea, tobacco occasionally taking a part in the pro-sonant, taking the place of one or two others, as woation upon the curious and interesting scene around me. of the races is in their opposite characters; of whicbi Just opposite sits Moroota Okatoro, humanity beam- juBt inow an example appears. Tataiesi Tokujsuroy ingfrooahiseyes,smokeissuingfromhisnostrils,the thcjmterpretcr,comesinandspeaksabouttheinter*-to Demerara and Essequibo, giving to the united luster surpassing even the brightest that French eilkcan show. Lifted a few inches from the floor, they The jjapanese are continually testifying to the supers,not public attack..' The hara-tciruk sword gives its owner the right to vindicate his honor, if so calledotb'ei little exchanges are effected, all rery satisfying to both sid< s. . • -A gentleman whom all (he Japanese regard with affection—Lieut. Brooke, who brought the Candin- murrah over to California.—is seen walkiog throughi the cojridor. He is at once iurited in, but, on learning that the nearest member of his family Is ill, the Japan- ese became silent, and Tsokahara Jougoro, advancing, places in Lieut. Brooke's hand a little carved turtle,, which he knows the American officer understands to be the; Japanese symbol of longevity. - •Passing from the apartment .of Okatoro, I loiter a while in the b'ttle room of Josigoro, Sinjero, and Scoje.ro, three exceedingly merry meiT, who laugh all the time, and are always desirous of investiug them- selves with articles of American clothing, out of pur© relish for tbe droll, low-comedj appeunu-ce it gives them.' It is painful to learn'that the offices of these gentlemen are not euch as can command a- deep(refpfct. Theyare,toputitverymild; ly, among the scrutinizers of the Embassj." In an adjacent chamber are thf Baibassy's secretaries, all men of studious mien and intense habits of application to ink and brush. They sit now at theirrangues in halls ill-shaped and glaring with barbarous kerchiefs,, confectionery, colored prints, porcelain, tables, with many sheets of carefully-ciphered inscrip* taste, hot debates spiced with venom and-vulgarity,• pipes, lacker-ware, and all that seems most strange to tions beside and around them. Some wear spectacles- manners ruder than the speech in which they find half- our sight. The aspect of the room is wholly Japanese with great round glasses, held on by short, stiff steel free expression, pistols in pockets and pepper on the —the. manners Japanese, and the language. Whatever wires which press against the sides of the head. They tongue—,w'at allurements can these offer, when the betide, the sound of other accent must not intrude. pause only to give welcome to those who enter, and charms of. Eastern grace and delicacy, refinements art- Close by my side .sits Tsokahara Jougoro, who reads then pursue their tasks. With them, writing i» a 'hss and unsullied, a placid courtesy that knows ro aloud from an open fan passages of priental'p>etry, severe labor; for they eschew the simple Katakana, - perturbation, and scenes ever novel and delightful are written, I'think,.by himself. His tones fall musically, and adpjpt always the Jsue, or complicated Chineseutilitarian knives, which are carried in side cavities of t. e same scabbard; but the Japanese do not see it in that light. Sometimes, instead of chop-sticks, a'pecu-;•••-. .This changes all thought! of.gravity to irrepressiblewith a phrase or two, he darts away agaiu iu his usualgenerally taken with a fit of business when the smilesgrcc, considering the j>oor privileges in Japan for En- infer that sirooko it is in which wo are that.greet rhim.arc not smiles of youthful beauty. glish study,,itisBtillhamperedbylittlejolt*andimpedi-*—. i i Ons,who<>cca«onaIlystrive, witho^jduefceflec<^• i II--.jA,beautiful little girl, six or seven years old, wa» brought by Mayor Benet to seethe Japanese. Tommywhen the congenial accompaniment . of agot his; duty in his new delight. Until to-day, no tid~.!• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 