 * PIet<end o/ aba••'«•S»er he>rporitijpij^-:;eiwiintoirh*-n hud the c «we wa« forphun&T%*T& Th« <>f*ofhi* >ai contractr owner.Isi£««ra*mv\"' '•»*: jn%io!ita botwoeaA! of ip% u\e throw*xabetSWil- w>rd* with , do invite *'\ vok fori>wniDetAch >r»ey to low© fNVw.Grawt.ihr£hWH- her more J from her Tbe halfU> preveuV.Jdi and hi« IUJ, to pro- *i to ro-.i*«t, un exttMa- puredtbe and wew-Xnotoraa- prfv»«jn«o 7theboljr r t/w .-nr.itapr>oint**d• when (ho tnrnod torrmnwho 01," iater-"/ynhiiroti rlivingMt• >h:i HaiL ra*afew* imanre-; Mia whicheJ mea** hi battle* in both ofHe- has ira agoa nad not VT/I*. that poor and lor doingended tho *r ibast•I- •"Hon a i:link it •bom at ' OB the lt« piek- uent thatu till I ir>neyIijr i!l,a* li '.'.rally JhoTV-i w y e i a n>? giooe it»;>-iedtoa prrmhod jneriba. bin MOJO it)Ki« ftrt- .r>t\ to-standee m it be- fog he* j ition ofliiaklalander tytui;>k KittWy'. I t IH t l vriQ I -».'«ina, a*/ •fal to cf hopeto bo iou. I Ye*#b*?m on. oroe in. fctroa'a wpaH3)*x>r ofi860. article"max/9 ' aboraie •-lo re-ft*of- fkUmO .actual State*with <>.fa n ororiX th€ ntfut t;«X>- tmtm>ie«tir aoont. a.< no*ylor . bait*It i*expedientadherencetothetwo-termprincipleinfavor ofMr.Babbitt,thepresentmember,resulted.inthe renominationoftliebittergentleman,byabaremajor-and mules come next; then a small boy on a big horse; andlastly,"theoldman"onanother. ," , ?;•The Pacific reached Uniontown, the scene of the conflagration/about6fo'clockonSundayevening,and wasreceivingcoalwhen-thefirewasdiscoveredamid-for this purpose; but the difficulties in ;$he. w a y of itsmoregenerffladoptionhave boeh'Htb^tOthe tedioufihcssofthe.process,;aridthegreat'/expensein reducingtbefibertopulpandbleachingit.Mr. Clemow, Mr. Brown's partner in the enterprise, imaginesthathehasovercome these'difficulties,and that he can manufacture a good article of paper for five cents'a pound, or less than half the present cost;bebX tbo Hf h .^//x« auMa>R.W.«Vftioned in connection with this important office, there isher literary gleanings. Her habita, though neceesarily no one whose name meets with as general concurrence eldest daughter. They had a look of "strangers in aIt may not be generally^known that these graceful' Boruasiaand agile denizens of the wilderness, whose, retreat haa JVabeen supposed to , keep even pace with the advance of Fulton civilization, still .exist in. numbers oh Long Island, r&leetuie..... within fifty to seventy miles of New-York, whence a• •Particularly in the Western portion oi the State the Republican journals have, in leading editorials, urged his chums, while organs of the Opposition concede hisasked the mother if they were traveling northward. She answered, in the affirmative, and added that they were just from Kentucky•,about 80 miles from Lbuis: ville. Her husband came up and joined in the con- versation. Hehadbeen there a slave overseer,andkceed l.UOO head, at prioe* ranging from *-8 SQ&>$&JK>¥ 100 l b fervisora lately paseed an act restricting the timo of lor Prime; and from <»7 S0®*8 for ordinary to-rood. •'-51-- *«•» a<**^S-"-'«<•anearnest denunciation ofSlavery asacursethatisKW-tfo^jr<1Wtheyonngeal<ofthreechildrenofWil^am by«WertleyRichards,London*$35;n.double-oarrel thatourpartyisdominant,weask,injusticeto,our country. Hehasnosocietyforhimselforhiaifamily. MStates,and'at^buied^thvir.defeatJtotreason;they intheprescribedstatutelimits.'Theyarereportedto ^6»<m»th, vrho was the Mm <oC Jainee Kemuth of £ori- cock'mg-gun, 4 I . Manton & '/Son, London/ $.K); a be-quite plenty at preVent. • •• • • ••onderry,N.H.,hatbeingWftanorphanatanearly long-neglected.'section';"that Mr.Bigler's euccessor Iconsidered thatIwasplanting myfamilyofyoung areirritatedaboveallagainsttheRomanclergy,which, DniinKthefrostynightsofthepastfomightweun- age,TM»broagbtopbyfe»undo,IiobertMcClareof double-barrelplover-ghn,by <i.fj.ReiHy,HighHoi, shallcomefromtheWest. Mr.Cameron;whoso_ably child;entotreadinmyoldsteps,andtodiein.pdverty accordingto'thenY;Aaf£6mpo<*edexclusivelyoftraitors. derstandthatlargequan1iticsofstripedbasshavebeeni. 40 years, a cook, $400."cree to that effect gives as a reason " that the progress • of late made in the-cdnstruction of vessels Of war has rendered this establishment insufficient to meet the de- njonds of the State." . ,».Jake, aged a0 y»-ars, w.-ighing 165 lb, $775; Ann, agedSLAVE TO '>Ling, together with twoorthreedeck passengers.; Thelieroic conduct of Mrs. J . W . McDonald^ who was traveling with her. husband, who waslying verylow at the time with consumption, wasa subject ofgeneral,admiration. T h e announcement o f t h e c o n - cept about 100, out of employ. True, work has been ,migration .was too much for his delicate nerves, and offered to those who would go to Pola or Peschiera; the poor "man swooned apd died amid the .excitement. The wife .refused to leave the^ corpse of her husband to but those who have families cannot go. And to their ;the merciless, fiery element, but stood bravely by his honor belt said that these men, sons of Venice and the death-bed until the flames licked the panels of. the-who, in reply to the inquiries made of her. said yes; -she.was determined'to marry her affiances; that no oneonearthhadthepower norshould prevent,-her fromfulfillingherintentions. Theslavegirlwhode- stroyed herself was believed to have acted as a sort of «>-betwecn the yonng people, and was consequently threatened, as before stated, which led to her commit- ting suicide. Shewasthelady's maid,Iamtold,of the Seiiorita; had from her infamy been treated with great kindness. The idea of being compelled to work an the field, after she had been flogged, drove her fran- ' tie, and she thua<was led to take her life by violence.emigrating family, and also had some curiosity to grati-and 28 days. 1attend thefuneralfrom,herpcrcnts'^eridenoe.No..*WW«H- •••»5 ^ J ? ^ ? ^ t t ^ t o d iftnow abont forty yearv old. Liverpool, brought $100; a doubl^-barrel ducking-gun, tematically excluded from all high official honors. Now ple; bntapoor white, man,has, no chance ma; slave manner in which they bad been treated in the Pontifi- everybody is at liberty to hunt deer at any time with-Aewortb,mthatState. While James W.wasanin bom,London," $75;adouble-barrel cockiug-gun.by representKusnow,isfromtheEastlanditismanifest- Theyhavebeenquarteredinthevillagenearhere,and Jfiant, about BUM month, old, his mother, a Province * W . Jcnes, London,' $57 5'i; a rfngle-barrel ducking- ly unfair that his colleague shotild also be taken from and ignorance; so I deteriniried on a change. ;Theytakeninfcincs along thesouth shoreofthe island. Unfortunately, tbe more tempting attractions of the city market, with eaee of transportation, rob us vil- lagersofallchancetoshareintheluxuryofthisroyal dish from the sea. W e heard of one haul at South- ampton of 1,500 pounds, which Tvcre sold for five cents per pound, realizing Jhe nice little sum of $7.5 for an. evening's work of six or eight men. Rathera pleasantw5'°ia?».ww dwwwslin attempting to cross the Mira- gun, by 'Wm.Hole, Bri^ol,' $37 50.. One English tratpert of the State.?K3)1 ^ 1 2 ^^i0*- .^ft*r th«deathof bismother cross-bow,byH.Holmes^Liverpool,$2250;.oneair- Inthisviewof theease, the popular voiceof-the be hvrd with an older wrter until he was about fifteen gun, $7; one revolving-.Tn-eefh Colyer gun, $35; one Republicans of Western Pennsylvania has indicated, yeara eld, at which time the rioter died. He then pair English dueling-^igtols, by R. Am-ell, George with unanimity and earnestness, its choice inthe per-pay'things are better in the Free States, and I reckon have shown themselves••very insolent and brutal,jmad« b b w a y to Brooks, in Waldo County, Maine, wherb he had an Trade, and other relatives. Remain A * there but a. abort time, he next made his appear-ctreet, Perth, $25; do/rale-barrel gun, by John Manton, son of Mr. Walker, and to those who are aware of his free education for your children, and be respected to kill him.. Aid was sent for immediately^ and a com-satisfactory to the people, and have worked "admir- looked taller than, he really is, for common-sized men ably, except when a case has been o f such magni-JDI15I>. BAWDEN—Inthlacity,onTuesdayevening,Nov.27,Margaretbeesahundredmilesfromlushome..Onthestreethe Standing around him looked like boys.Bawden, relict'of Jntt&c Bawden, formerly of Totnea, Devon- shire, England, aged 77 years.tude that two or more of them have come-in cwlis-ion. Occasionally the Provisional Government has r-The Havana correspondent of The New-Orleans stood iu the way, but in nearly every instance the Crescentrelatesthefollowingstory: localcourtshaveprovedvictorious. Themostim- " I ami not quite certain if I informed von in my portant case occurred in Denver a few days since, last letter that early in thepresentweekamulatto wheretheChiefJusticeunder the election oflast rirl, a private, slave in the familv of the Count of Winter refused to obey ^in order issued to him oy Santovenia. hadthrownherselffrom the balcopy the"People'sCourtofDenver." Therefractoryof the residence of the Count, at the end of the Plaza.«eArmas,andthm*committedsukide. Ihadheard officialisalsoPost-Masterofthecity,andhadfor-Bennett, -wife of Richard Bennett, aged 26 yeara. , -'.The Count of Santovenia]• has thus not only .lost a fa- pointed sutler at Fort Wise. The dispatch sentI.~Children 'should not go to school until six years MOYNAHAN—In this city suddenly, on WednefldayT'Nov. 28,voriteslave,butisinafairwaytoalsoloee'hisdaugh- ter, and that portion of her mother's property to which ahe is by law entitled. ,wastheresultofthePresidentialelection,buthadbeen partially anticipated by one brought a few.thanarainbowtoallchildren,convertedthetroopinto uiughing suckers, and opened the door wide to cohver-subscribe^Ortakesubscriptionsoutof'theirsalaries. But this cannot make ft city; joyous, whose inhabitants have relatives in exile or in prison, and at a time when commeiNie and industry languish, and famine is knock-, bagatt$fcdoors. Employeesarcsentaway,shopsare closed,miustrialestabliehmentesuspended-—forexam- ple,andto,;cite no others,theBugar-refineries of De Rcali 6c Gmriato—and there is no joy in Venice. Na-old. , .. •• > :• ••> •' ./..-.? •, .•:••• ••> • / , IL—^honldnotlearnathomeduringthattimemorethan the alphabet,\reh'gioiuj teachings excepted. III.—^Should be fed wfth plai«, substantial food, atregular intervals of not less than four, hours. TV.—Shouldnotbeallowedtoeatanything withintwo hours of bed-time. ' , V.—Shouldhavenothingforsupperbutasinglecup ofwarm,drink,suchasveryweakteaofsomekind,or cambric tea, or warm milk and water, with one sliceMrs.F.Moynahmn,aged4oyears.PHILLIPS—In thiscity,onWednesday, Nov.28,'Catherine, widow of the late Peter W . Phillipw, aged 70 years, z montba andt8 days. 'RA THBUN-In Sprinirfiead, Macs., on Thursday, Nov. 22, lfl^O, ' Geo.Jay,conofSolomon and HannahRathbun,inthe20thyearofhisage.KIPP—In this city, on Wednesday, Nov. 38, Nettie, youngwtdaughterof.JohnL.andEmilyK.Kipp,aged4month*anaidays. •' ; • 1The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral from the residence of her parents, No, 165 Eldrklpo street, on Friday, 30th in*t., at 2 o'clock p. m., without Antherhours previously by the Western Stage Company. —The JJew-York correspondent of The Philadelphia The latter was procured from the telegraph termi-Bation with the father of the **GoingNorth,Isee."-flock*'•'/>"'., -Press i gives the following gossip relating to actors and dramatists:"TheengagementconcludedattheWinter GardenonSaturdayevening, byCharlotteCashman, was'oneof the most aucceeaful she has played, her bhare of thenus at Fort Kearney, and was of one day earlier date than that by Pony.ThetradebetweenSaltLake andPike'sPeak is on the increase. A large quantity of flour lately arrived from Utah, and is sold at prices consider-'ingforitatthetheater,whereithashadMuchagreat - run. LesterWallaek $125aweek;Mr.Blake-sackof100lb,andisof"excellentquality. Myfriendhadsaidenough. ASouthernmanwillgivetwentyanswerstoonequestion,whileaYankee . Many owners of quartz mills have started their gives twenty questions to one answer. :tiing: •.K.. j .:../"The newphaseuponwhichthereKgiouaaffairsofhalfan:hdurbeforesun-down,unlessindamp,rawweather,,when they shouldnotbeallowed.togoout-ROMAJNE—OnWednesday,Nov.28,athWwrfdenee,No.35 avenue C,BenjaminT.Romaine,aged18years,8month*and 2 days.there are no high salaries, but at the opening of theace of Pope Sextua V ., and arranged a chapel for,: aouare. Bergen, N . J. •': 'aweekunderthemanagementofMr.Stuart.". —Archbishop Hughes has recently made the fbllow-jbg appointments: -ft«v. John MCE^^T. Yirtor of Tnn*6grtn*Um Chuieh. Rev.TimothyO'Tooie,JPwrtor«fSt.rete***Church,Roeeo-Rev.-John Mit«ulre, Paotor of the Congregation* at Dobb's JPerry and Halting*. 'Rev. William I*.Aforrogh, D. D., First AaWfat Tttoe oC St. Patrick'* Cathedral.siderablemachineryisnowonthewayhither.The San Juan Mines continue to attract much attention from our gold seekers. Parties are leav- ing-daily for .the new El Dorado, designing toWinterthere, evenifthey,findnogold. There- portsfromthatregionareof.the.mostglowingkind. Valuable specimens are brought in, one of which worth upward of $11,andpresented by a gentle- man,whosolemnly averred thatitcamefromthat locality, now lies before me. It is as fine as any gold ever found in California or Australia.betterlast year; and, the'year before that rain killed Protestant worship. A clergyman ordained at Geneva ous to person or property, or against good morals. . . dence of his parents.. No. 77 East Twcntyrfifth- street, Henryeverything. SoIdeterminedtocomeNorth. Ihadno hasbeenofSciatfng-there\forfour'months,andalready X.—Neverthreatenachild; itis cruel,unjust,and Clay,youngestchildofEdmundandHenriettaJ. Stephenson,niggers to work my land, and no money to buy 'em. has aeeembled around: hW a small'Evangelical congre- dangerous. What you have to do) do it, and bej done aged 2 years and ,27 days. /Rev.EdwardMoOIWD.D..AaoieUntPa«torofSt.Jo#epb>s ^ftjurrh.This was the poor man's history, given nearly in hisown words. To some particular inquiries he an-swered with such facts as are abundantly set forth inMr. Olmstea'd's works on'tSouthern life; He was thor- changes which result from the'neW 'state Of thihg8,"be- oughly wearied out with successive years of • hard cause it wftzld offend the lower elergyl Tt-prefera totolerate Piotesiant institutions silently, especially those whichtendtoevangelicalpropaganda. Thispolicyhas been ahown in the case of the Protestant,school whichvourand Kicasoli showed themselves very kindly dis-poned toward lnm, but he wae not able to get annu-thoriz^ition to receive Catholic children into his sohooL.Tet the school is established, and probably theadmis-sionofchildrenbelongingtoribn-evangelicalconfessionswillbetolerated. ' '-v •., -•'• ":'.'••]":"'•';',' security. Numbersarenowdailytrappedinsnaresor« Europe......Rev. Charcb.Parrefl,AnAtUatPa«tore fS c Xao't*ment of' A. T. S>ewart^&i Co., named George flLChrirtopherRev. OMver CHJXB, Second Awdutant Partor of the Chareh *t The weather is delightful—like a -New^EnglanAerty of conscUnce,'yet'it doee not pubhely proclaim ihefor - ' '•; Arts. Burke,,aged 18year4^i^y,estorday' arrested "by De- Glasgow. .New-York.. • Livt«TKx»L.....-D«»«. 1She Istnnectitote Coooevtlon. ' -Rev. Corneiiu> J. Q'C*ili«gh*a, A*aJt*mt Patorof St. htichael'aCfcjurrh. —Gov.PackerofPennsytvaniahasrecentlybeentovited to meet, in Boston, a number of young men who are " desirous of devoting themselves to the eradi- cation of Slavery in the United States," to consider bow itshall be abolished. The3d of December, the day on which John Brown was bung-, has been fixed fortheConvention. TheGovernorsentbackthefol- lowinganswertotheinvitation:EXECUTIVE DEPARTXKKT, Harriaburg, Pa.,Nov. 521,186&-—Sut:Inmyopinion,theyoungmen/whose name* axe attached to the foregoing letter, would bet- ter serve God and their country, by attending to their own business. John Brown was rightfully hanged, andhi*fateshouldbeawarningtoothershavingsimi- lar proclivities. W x . F . PACKJCK,Ooveruorof Pexuurlvuiia.• —Miss Aghes Baillie, sister of the late Joanna Bail-September just blending into October. -There,have been a few falls of snow, but it quickly disappeared. Themountainpeakstothewestareallwhiteand ghstoniag. :• • T.W.K.work, and at finding that every year made him poorerandsunkhimdeeperintotheditchofhelplessness;He repeated, unprompted,. and with,.great emphasis,VI tell you, it's no use in poor white people trying to the liev. Mr. DisselhofT has Opened in Florence. Ca-tectiveJSlowey, chaJCged'w^i having at various timescarried off a valuable lot of goods belonging to the firm.Apieceofclothworth$25,whichhehadstolenandTevtonia..............New-York.. Palestine Portland.... NoraSootian .....Portland..., Africa..................New-York.• Anvgo. ..New-Y ork..•Hambmg ~Deo. 1 . Liverpool...... wD«e. 1 .L>verpooL....., t. D e c 8 .LlvorpooL.......Dec 5 . H a v r e . . . . . . . . . . . D e c Xlie, recently gave a party on the completion of her onehundredth year- She has resided near London for.many years, and enjoy* excellent health and spiritw. IJneoln. Among the gentlemen who have been men-heard of three being killed by one party one day last week near Riverhead. - .;New York.... Kedar. Euzopa..'.Her faculties are quite vigorous, and she still pursuesretirieg, are cheerful, for her breaklast table would be incomplete without the morning paper; and she spooks of tbo friend* of sixty years ago with a freshness of memory that i* truly surprising.as that of the Hon. JOHK H. WALKER of this city. strange land" that attracted my sympathy, and Ifew spoilsmen come annually, " with dog and gun," PkiltMlelpbia Cattle Market....Nov. 28, 1860. to hunt .them. The Legislature has legalized their The Cattle market was unusrtally dull this week, In consequence pursuitaftertheletofAugust,buttheBoardof8u- oftbecrisisinmoneymatters. ThebaicofB««re«doesnotex-—At a sale of guns and sporting apparatus belonging jjersona^fitness in ability and integrity."Asmall detachmentofthePontificalarmy,which has been dissolved, arrived here yesterday. The sol- dierswerewellclothed,butitWaseasytoseetheyhad suffered great fatigue;' they complained much of thesaryevidenceofhavingthelegaltwothirdsvotefailed to be inserted. A case has been decided at Riverhead in which the prosecutor was non-suited on thii ground! Hencethislaw,framedattheinstanceofthehunters for the protection of their noblest game iu invalid, andweight.IB,accordingtoqualityandcondition.Cowa—There was ho change in tM» market, the sales amount*tog to 175 head, ftt from 0&V1 *». *'* f" v ' ' ' **r r ,? , tm ,irr^^* ****^^totheestateofthelateAugustusThorndikeofBoston, the following were some of the articles sold, with the pricesatwbichtheywerebidoft:Tlie extraordinary Republican votegiven bytheWestern Counties in the late elections, constitutes one subsequently tried to get along by farming.oftliereasonswhytlieScnatorshipshouldbegivento "A dottblo-baixtl ducking-grin, made by 'Patrick,' I our portion of the State, which ban *0 long been sy»-"Well," said.be,"I foundoutthatallmylabor• •and Son, I^ndon, $.*}r 50, together with several rifles, pistols,-&.C."popularity in political and professional circles, this hearty support of his nomination is not surprising. Itamong equals."' panyof,the; regiment King of the Belgians, now in gar-He fairly jumped for joy at tbe assuranee; and, dis- rison here, was soon-on..hand. The leaders were ar- way of spending an evening occasionaHv-^-in fact, al-ttneratmyresrience m Monmouth,onhi«waytoAc- —TheParisc<arrcepondentof TheJx>ndonNtnosTO willberememberedbythose who are familiar with coveringthat1wasaNorthernman,hebrokeoutinto rested.:.Wecannot understand howGen.Lamorci&re mostasagreeableas'aquietgameofchessorwhist.-worth, to. H. He remained here about a week, wait- latips the follovfing story: the politics of tills part of the State, that it was Mr. 3rfor*travehngcompanion,nowtheRev.T.CMc- HInthisareatworldofParis, extraordinary *acci- Walkerwho,astheWhig candidate for Congress.in nre of East Sprmgfidd, Ohio. The two, the older dents and offenses' frequently occur of which the pub- what was then the '"Wild-Cat District," in a hotly- <we. Hectare J>emg only seventeen years old, started lic hear nothing. It would be impostdble for a man to contested canvass with.Mr. Curtis, reduced the Demo- met foot, with knapKacks on their backs, walking until- blow his brains out coram popuio in Cheapride or the cratic majority thousands of votes, and actually caine, WJtlttn ninety miles of Acworth, taking the stage the Stnind without everybody knowing all about it the within less than one hundred votes of an, election. wrtof the way. Young Newniih worked oot for aome next morning. But here such things may well he; 8ince then Mr. Walker has been more or less in public«me as a hired laborer on farms in, Acworth and Clare- there are no coroner's inquests. [A sudden death is in- life, and his able administration of the office of Speaker of the State Senate will be long remembered by hiscould maintain discipline among such men, and it is as- mining the country, and ended by thanks to God that tonishing that he could have expected any success withhe etood on free-soil,'and ••felt'mere like a man than an anny composed of such troops." he "'ever before thought it was in him to feel." \fOreenport, t . I.j,WatCjhu>an. ii ' m . i "i—'STRAW PAPjtn.—A Toronto correspondent: of The Montreal Herald fuminbes tbe report, that Mr. George Brown of The Globe has become a millionaire, through,his interest in an alleged discovery of A process for making white paper from straw. There are already , many patented processes for making white paper both for printing; .snd writing, from straw;, and thi«»out. Meanwhile, bis father had left the Provinces, 3uired into privately by a commissary of police, and it colleagues in that body. Last Spring his friends pre- oxen, with a large wagon-load of household goods. Then*»d emigrated toMbteonri. On hearing intelligence epends very much upon the fancy or discretion of genteu bis name to the Republican Convention as a from him, the son soon followed. A short time that officer whether any statement of the circumstancefl candidate for Congress from this district, but anafterh»arrivalinMissouri,bisfather died,and ispublished. Thenewspapersarehotinthehabitof toe"was leftalone,friendlessamongstrangers. Hi*investigatingsuchmattersforthemselves. Aboutmeansbecomingexlinucted,andnotfindingemploy- threeweeksago,someEnglishfriendsofniine(fromment to bis hiring, be enlisted in the United States whom I haVe the following story) were strolling along ity? however, of but three votes. One of the leading•rwy for five years, serving on,the Western fron. theBoulevarddelaMadeleine atanearlyhourinthe transinMr.Walker'Bpolitical record hasbeenhistSer m Dodge's regiment of dragoon*. After the expi- evening, and talking, curiously enough, about spirit- unwavering fidelity to tne protective system, so neces-ration of bis service, he went to Oregon, joining tne ispring—in which, however, I must say, for the credit sary to the development, of the magnificent manufactur-overlandemigrationof-1848. Mr.Uesmithcommenced of theirtestimony, theyare,not"believers;the ingcapacitiesanaminingresourcesofourState;and ward/Themajorityofthemwouldclassasthepoor- staytheworkofdestruction,buteventheattemptof buthehasnotyetsucceededinpersuadinganyprac-the practice ot law at Oregon City, and on the organi- cafvs Were all blazing with light, and the streets from his identification with this - principle., of political est of farmers in the Eastern States. Some are veryMr. NewbalL one of the engineers, to attach thenose to the pumps w a s unsuccessful, and the work of de- struction w a s sudden and fearful.When Capt. Lamb discovered that all efforts to save theboatwouldproveunavailing,headdressedhimself with all the energy of his nature to aid in the escape of the passengers, and bis efforts were gallantly sec- onded by Messrs. Prank Smith and Robert Barclay, tbe clerks, and other members of the crew. The ac- counts as to the number of lives lost are conflicting.tical paper-maker that he can do anything of the kind; and it is certain that tbe paper which be has: hitherto made for The Toronto Globe has been poor in quality, and enormously expensive in cost.TheagreementmadebyMessrs.Brown6cClemow with Cyrus Field & Co., makes the remuneration to be paid t o them dependent o n paper o f a cortara Quality being produced for r given price, w e behove five cents per pound. If Messrs. Brown <fc -Clemow can do this, they become entitled to $750,000 from tbosation of-the Territorial Government iu l&M, hewas were crowded. As my friends aeared the Mad- ecoiipmyyand the thorough information he has in his electedoneoftheTerritorialJudges. In1S-J8bewent eleine Church their conversation was interrupted publiclifeacquiredofitsapplicationandinfluence upon W California, worked at mining a few months, on by the sharp report of a shot proceeding from our home industry, we mi£ht expect him to lead the leatherRiver,andreturnedtoOregonthenext the ground floor ofahouseat the North- inaugurationoftnisbeneficentpolicy,totheexclusion Spring. HethennervedasSuperintendent of Indian westcorneroftheKueRoyal, andoccupiedby,a#M. of thatruinousideaof,Shivery propagjindiam,which Affair*, -which office he vacated, through the enmity Tout, w h o carries on in it the joint business of a wine-poor—the most forlorn and begrimed set of gipsy-look- ing wanderers that you can imagine. They are all sad,weary,andworn—hoysandgirls16yearsofage, without shoeB, smaller children often without hat or bonnet—an old tottering grandmother, sickly babies, and men with their oldest boys carrying all their worldly effectsontheirshoulders. Therearebigandhard-a»d malignant opposition of Gen. .Lane. For several shop keeper and-a restaurateur. On the restaurantjrear» past he ha* given his attention mainly to politics. ride of the establishment, and close to a window lobk-At the la»t session of the Legislature he waA dected •ingon to tlie Madeleine, there-sat at the table athas so long distracted our national .councils.The manly conservatism and imperturbability, of Mr. Walker's character,.will be of efficient service in the turbulentoppositionthatMr.LincolnwillundoubtedlyU.8.Senatorforthelongterm,receivingtwenty-seven out of fifty votes. Mr. Neomith is churned as aDongL.s man, but as be owes, bis election in part toRepublican vote*, there can be no doubt about his act- was only a minute before- But through a small hag with the Republicans in all their leading measures,, One informant expresses the fear that at least twenty American purchasers of tbe patent, and confer at theandgivingafirmandefficientsupporttotheAdmiuis Station ofPrcwdent Lincohi."hole in his white waiatcoat hia life's blood was pour- ingout,andtheedgesoftheaperture were turned into tinder, and smoking. He had shot himself throughand to think of their leaving behind forever, their old firesidesandgrave-yards.,May•theydobetterintheCapt, Wm. JLamb, the commander, of LouiflviUe.JacobHess,aboathand,ofPortland.Emily, slave of Mr. Hurry, the.barkeeper.Tazewell, negro cabin boy, of Lebanon, Ky.Two children,, deck passengers, unknown, of Port- COLEMAN—ANOEVrNE—At Nlajnuu FaO^ on Wea»«*l«y,land. \Mr.Marmilldn;aFrenchman.Mr. J. W . McDonald of Indiana. Servant,girlofA.Campbell,jr.,ofVirginia. Inadditiontotheabove,threefemales-wore seenwbicb he had dined, a handsome young man, ex- tremely well dressed. His countenance was placid, his position in hia chair that of a living man, which heencounter on assuming bis Executive duties; and his handed young men, too, with a more hopeful look., persons were either burned or, drowned, while others think that eetimate too large. W e annex a list of thosesame time a great boon on the world a t large. '4. • * . .9 r'—A Virginia paper, trader the head "Cheap Ne- the heart, and was presumed to be quite, dead. But sition members of the Senate. Should our Legislaturenew homes that they will make herealterlD. n.tbeRev.TheodoreF.Brown,WilliamP.BailyofN«w-York, to Hattie M., daughter of John C. Berry, e«q. of the former place. . ~*nobody touched him^it being the custom here, even at groes," publishes the-following: the risk of withholding timely succor, to leave a mur- •«W e learn from The Nashville Gazette that at a dered or Belf-slanghtered man just as he is until a mag-reupond^to thewishes of their constituents west of the mountains, w e ••hall have the satisfaction of seeing in theSeriateoftheUnitedStatesamanwho,instrength of intellect and purity of morals, will be a fit support to;theeminent andexcellent citizen whohasbeen calledbytheVoiceofthepeopletopresideoverourTHE SUFFERINGS OF VENICE'.SpecialCorrespondenceofLeNbrd.Nov. 21, by the Rev. Dr.Jarri*, Robert B. Coleman to Miea Emeline Angevine.aaleofnegroeaonSaturday, attheConrt-Hoa»einthatcity, belonging to theestate ofJame«L.Bell,deceased,ofCheathamCounty,thefollowingwa^theresult:John,aged21years,black,weighing165lb, |l&o;Ben,aged20years,black,weighing1651b,clotheswillpayformydinner.'Heissaidtobea nationforthenextfouryears. K#5; Hiram, aged 22 year*, weighing 165" if, $1,090; Prussian. This is all that lean learn of the tragedy."GREEN—BUTLER OnTuesday,Nov.27,bytheRev.Dr. Armitage, Albert W . Green to Mary T.r daughter of T. R. But- ler,aUofthiir«ity.GONNOUD—COGGEY—On Snnday.Nov.25,attheChnreho£ Annunciation, otManhattaaville,or<heRev.FatherBreea, MichaelGonnoudofthiscity,toBidfillaM.,»eoonddaughterof Mathew and Mary Coggy of Cannan*vil]e.istrateseeshim. Inafewminutes,twoorthreepo- licemen cleared thehouse,andthe windows were closed. Onthetablebeforethedeadmanwasaslip ofpaper,onwhichwaswritten, 'MypistolandmyOctober5,1860.ThearsenalofVeniceisclosed.-Animperialde- Twoorthreeothers,whosenamesarenot'.remem-FROMTHEPIKE'SPEAKGOLDREGION,— The Washington Star nays that it has seen, at theUnited States Patent Office, the model of a steamercombining buoyant air chamlwrs with a steamboat orother vessel, for the purpose of enabling their draught•f water to be readily lessened, that they might pass ment from its multiplicity of governments. T Q e over bars or through shallow water without discharg- laws of Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah are applica- ingtheircargoes. Thismethodofliftingvesselsover bleinvarious,portions,,astheregionknownasahofilswasinvented by Abraham Lincoln,President •Ject,forwhaebbereceivedapatent,May22,1849.—TheHopkin*ville Press Baysthat,sofaranitbaaanyknowledge,lir. JohnM.BakerofBurnsville,CuidweU County, is the tallest man in Kentucky. He of the officers under it, most of whom were self-•w*s in Hopkinsville on Thursdaylast, and subscribed elected, the Provisional Government has accom-5orThePrcjtg. Hestandssevenfeeteightincheeinhis plishedbutlittle. Duringthepresentseason, eachboots,"Weighs240pounds,andis23yearsold. Hewas cityandeachminingdistrict hashad itsmunicipalborn and raised in Caldwell County^, and has never government, or its miners' court. These have been' and pull the crazy vehicle toward the North star. T w ohorses, bony, and with patched harness of ropes, leather,andoldplowchains,leadtheteam. Ohone of them sits an astonishingly small boy, holding the reins, hisbare legs and feet dangling, and his dirty, stolid face shaded by tlie skeleton of an old straw hat thatdescendedfromhiegrandfather. Tliewagon is covered with patched canvass, and the patches are patchedagain,andthenewestpatches tornintoholes. Thedayiswarmfortheseason,andthesidesofthe cover are tucked up to let air in upon the six childrenu The effect has been to throw all the workmen, ex-Piorn Our Ovro CoTreepondent.DENVER Crry, Pike's Peak, Nov. 13, 1860.This country has-suffered ever since-its settle-Pike's Peak,ismadeupof parts of those three Territories. LastWinter thepeople established a " Provisional Government," to hold good until theTerritoryshouldhavearegular organization from Washington. Owing to.the lack of popularityearthlypropertyofapoorwhitemanfrom"down laBtTenoainsoftheoldarsenalotti,thegloryandpride stateroominwbichthecorpselay.Invainsheoffered•KIMBERLY-CONWAY-On Wednesday,Nov.«5.byths country,"whohasjust crossed theQhioRiver,and, almostfabuloussumsofrewardtoanyonewhowould Rev.Dr.Morgan,Rectorof St.Thomw'a Church,Chor)«wH.of the old Republic, have refused to leave their homes convey the body to the^bore, and in sheer desperation Kimberly to Agnea L.-Cjt>nway, both of thia city. . ,tified himself in the Post-Office, after giving out^ that are packed among the bags of bran and bedding. ahe had been threatened to be flogged, and seat to -work Twelve twinkling eyes look out, almost fiercely,, o n>o the cane-field of the sugar estate, which led her to word that he would neither sign the obligation re*eommit the fatal act. Knowing the kindliness of heart quired .(a bond to keep the-peace for one year) ^ta every passenger and -way-side object, as if half fright-: 1JLlittle'anecdotewillshow,yonwhatapolicewe•f^ every member of the family of the Count, my ouri- be taken aliye. A crowd of armed citizens marchedput in prison, charged with having slid tri-colored cock- ened, half suspicious of being caught, cooked; and ades into the pockets of peaceable citizenB.- The tribu-'e*rity was exdted to know what fault the poor girlbad committed that had led her to beingso threatened, bonds were signed and the gentleman was-allowedto the Office, and after some parleying, the required and as I have beard the story, i t i a as follows: A to retain both his life and official dignity unharrned.eaten up b y Black Republicans. The: same proverb that:gives luck t o t h e fool, makes t h e pbor'man a father of many children....It is wonderful tolook.at these,all apparentlysonearthesameageas to,suggest threeat; a birth,- and then at -the young, slab-sided, draggled woman, holding on to the tail of the wagon to keep, up her wearied pace with" the moving household.! B u ton the trial it was, shown that Straub,, the Director ofPolice, advised, thereto by his superiors, bad offeredarewaid of 20 florins to policemen for the discovery of sderw6od ;oueof the pilots^ .. ^ a.j ' " ^ - }Joung, poor, but respectable, man,' had been intraracou into the family of the Count, in the country, . A petition ha* been made, to,the City Council to last summer, and had fallen in love with a daughter urtohitit the practice of certain ganles.mucb in VOgUO«f the, Cvunte**, by whom hia paasion was recipror in the gambling saloons. Thepetition was sthrted eated. The Count and Coumiee^'Wvrevci, -iwtfusod and signed principally by the " respectable" gam-any revolutionary sigriB among the Venetiansj who, for sofoeJime, bad, been in {he'habit of scattering theia in the'sfrcets, or affixing them'to the Walls. "' '•''The'conscription which has just been commencedtIt is said that in 1«68 than fifteen minutes after thetheir consent to the union of the young, people, andthe reanlt was an appeal to the Captain-General.A»*Ording to Spaniah lawr a young lady having at-blers of the city, and the games obnoxious to them are known a s " thero-card monte" and•" the strap." No action has as yet been taken on the subject. Itfire was first discovered, the boat was burnedto the .water's edge, the wreck floating down and lodging on the islandj a short distance below tbe coal-landing.A'dfesCriptibn ^'w,Bich is given of the'destruction ofstockbythefiames,;ispainful in-theoxtreme^TheStock,burned mcluded 750 sheep,'and, 130 head of fatcattle, mules, and horses. ,In.ad,(Ution to, the live ptockf, a protracted il)ne««, W illiam H . Denike, aged M yeara. therewere 0Ver3CQ tunsof ^irk, bacon^and-flouron DEAN-In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, .Nov. 28,Elizabeth, wife board, and the 1OBS}-asi.we;stated yesterday, will sum of John Dean, iii the 6*th year ot her age,tained the age of maturity (16 or 18, I know notwhich) can marry whom she pleases, and her parents would be impossible to suppress gaming in Denver, country, where women are scarce f and they breedfioriLSy fOr every day conscripts and soldiers on leave,or ofjhe reserve, are called into service, and their famiilies or communes will p a y for substitutes if" they canDEN1KE—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday evening, Nov. 28, afterare bound to give her a certain portion of their sub- unless some other means ot social enjoyment could stance as her dowry. In this ca«<e, the Captain-General be devised to draw away from the patronage of the sent an escriband. (notary public) to the Count,who tables. Nearly one half of those who-nighty visit referred him to his wife, the mother of the young lady, the saloons do so for want of some better place to who in her turn referreo him to the young lady herself,rapidly in the rude state where all the energies Of life are given to the animal nature, and none to intellectualwile away the time. A move is about being made in the right direction by Bome of our leading men., MycompanionwarmThefirstdispatchfromSt.JosephtoDenverby Pony Express reached this city on Sunday morning last. Thedistance(696miles)wasrunintwodays and twenty-one hours, an average of little more than ten miles an hour. The last ten miles and eighteen rods were made in thirty-one minute**, by a horse with the endearing title of " Border Ku£ fian," belonging to A. B. Miller, the newly-ap-behind for a few minutes, and,reappeared with an arm-'load of-cakes', which he gave to the woman, who waestruck dumb by such a rare and spontaneous gift. Herface, however, expressed real gratitude; S. thenstepped to the side of the wagon, and/held up a stick ofbythePrussians. Butitissadtoknowthateventhis fortress is to be a prison for our poor fellow-country- men. : * \Oider8 ha^*e been given that all the theaters be open at the approacbm^ciunival. ^The owners of boxes will not lend their aid, and lmpresarioe cannot be found,escapedfrom'theburningwreckof-thePacificwithout injury^/ Mr. Campbell, is the son of Elder Alexander Campbell of Bethany, Va» TJbe lifeof a valuable negro girl belonging t^ Mr. Cariipbell w»« lost by theTwenty third .street, on Saturday, D e c I, at 2 o'clock p. io,,without further invitation. ".'• •Bingsmpton, N. Y ., and'Chicago,'111:, papers please copy.HEW1NS—In Brooklyn, E.D„on Tuesday. Nov.27,ofdiph- theric, Susan, F ., only child of Milton K. and CarneMa C . Hewins, aged 4 years, 8aiuuth« and 9 days. . -.profits amounting to nearly $10,000. Forrest is doing ably lower than that from the Missouri River. A tetillbetter than this atSibio's. John Broughamisnew receiving $300 per week at the Haymarkefc. L&wt present but one firm is engaged in the Deseretyear l e was paid at Wallack's $175 a week, beside .trade, but there is a prospect of many entering intobenefitsandallowances fornew pieces, andfWallack itnextseason.,. Qurmerchantslookforalargesup-couldwellaffordit. *Playing withFire' waswritten plyofthisstaple, in 1861,from Utah andNew-, Anditaintnousetryin'tofiveanylongerdownwhere under last year's'contract, and Brougham gets noth- Mexico/, That lately received is sold at $10 per I come from." V ' ' ' •'" ''without caps, feet first well warmed by the fire or Uticit papers please copy. ^i . rubbed with the hands until perfectly dry; extra cov- REN8HA W~In this city, on Tnesday, Nov. 27, JaxMA.Boddea eringon.thelowerlimbs,butlittleonthebody. i. Renshaw, sonofthe.lato FrancisRenNhawofrhilad«lpbia.,VII.-—Shouldbecompelledtobeoutofdoors'-forthe RANDOLPH—At Rahway, N. J., on Wednesday, Nov.28, Samuel Fitss Randolph, aged 61 years.THE U. S. SENATORSHIP IN VANIA. .PENNSYL-* • * • « •SaxoniaCtry of Washington ..New-York....Bamb 15 Utuiiburg........Doc. VbLirerpool. Dec. 15get along in that country. . They 're; leavin' it as fast as they can, and they,must leave it. . They 're actually starvin' worse and worse every year.".B.andmyselfhadsetoutforawalkinanotherdi- rection,andwere lednearlytwomilesoutofourway willenjoythegreatestprivilegethathasfallentotheir bythisrencounter. Thelastthatwesawofthehouse-. .New-YorkCorrenpoixlaoce of Tbe N. Y. Tribune. EKIK,PA.,Nov.21,1860.GAME, AND KISH "ow 'LONG.ISLAX'D.--TjbenumVerof 2uail and partridge (properry grouae) now found ba, the elds and.thickets of this part of the island is unusually large. ThelastWinterwasentirelyfreefromdeep mows,andotherwise favorabletotheir increaseand---Boston..........G«lwiy... ^Doc. 18AJllft •»•••••*•••»«••••.. .New-York..... .Liverpool.,. .•vDec 19New-York, •*••••*••John B^IL....,*...,.. .New-York.;.... Bremen....... Deo. 22Owthe4thofnext March'the people ofthis; StateGlasgow....,,..'.Doe-24 Liverpool. .,Deo. 25 Glasgow.........Dec J5 LirerpooL ..Deo. 28TO ARRTVB. Manchester..IJrerpo<4.' .New-Y etk.,lotformanyyears,asonthatdaytheSenatorial termof W n , Bigier will fortunately expire; and with thishappyeventwehavethesatisfactionofknowing thatour next Legislature,inwhichwe haveamajorityofC3votesonjoint ballot,will return as his successorholdteam itwastoiling overthetopofabill,meas- uring its way by slow steps to a land where labor is respected, and where the children of the poorest' labor- erenjoytheopportunityofcommonschooleducation..Somedays ago,I sawattheNew-AlbanyRailroad"TheRev.Mr.Disselhoff*made some-yeryinterest- ing communications to the last General Assembly, of the Protestant Association at D'nisburg on the progress al- readymadebyEvangelical religion.in theStatesunder the scepterof VictorEmanuel,andheexpressesthe liveliest hope for the future. It is true that.all those ^who have personally studied the Italian people from 'the moral stAnd-point do not agree. At the same As- •eembly the Kev. Mr. Leikebusch, Who has for two •years been attached to the chapel of the Legation atNaples, made much less satisfactory communications. But thore is lees scope forProtestantism in Southern than^in Northern Italy." ,...Boston^ •••#••...New.Yoik......Haywr...........Dec tOsome good Republican, who, in conjunction withMr. depot another family of Southern emigrants. TheCameron, will form a united Senatorial delegation in man was superintending the transfer of his entire prop- support of the National Administration of Abraham erty from the wagon to the cars. All -told, it was riotone horse-load. His wife stood near with seven chil- dren round her, tlie youngest a baby in the arms of thetheFallseasonnothaving fairly commenced. Doer Leinster havebeenkilledinthemiddleandwesternpartsofthe Asia.county since August l.in considerable numbers. We Unked Kingdom...Liverpool.-........New-York.,.....Nov. 94 Glasgow New-York. •.v.'.Nov. J* ..Southampton.....New-York. ....Jiof. 28 Liverpool. New-Yerk.'. .....Nor . 71Liverpool Boston..........Deo- 1 Southampton.....New Y ork.......Dec. 4 Liverpool New-York......iDec U.Southampton.....New-Y oxk.......Dec. IS Hvejrpool,...,..,New-York...»...Dec *»attachment to the principles of the Republican party, his thorough familiarity with the wants of our State, his ability in debate, and his unquestioned personal counige, will place him prominently among our party leaders,andearnforhimtheconfidenceofhisRepubli- can colleagues, as well as the respect of the Oppo-It is a melancholy sight to see these self-banishedpeople, going off from the only homes they ever knew, known to have been lost: 1I I A B B I S D .BATLT—BERRY—In Plainfield. N. J., on Tnenday, Nov. 27. b yEMIGRATIONv THE FREECorreepondeace of The N. Y. Tribune.•. NKW-ALBANY, Ind.,Nov. 12, I860. .One of the common sights in this city is a forlorn- iooking " team," with its freight, creaking and thump- ing at oxen-pace over the street stones. It is the whole•oulture. ;•• .•.<: .conceived a," ! •:.,•'interest for thisbe found in this depopulated country. A letter from up fully $100,000, which loss is,in a great measure FITZSIMMON8—In this oiry, on Tuesday, Nov. 27, Simon Maycnce day before yesterday tells-us that the Italian covered by insurance, pj solvent offices'." j ' ' • FRzidnrmonK, aged 47 yoars.We are informed-tluit'Alex. Campbell, jr.,"'« Vir- HOLDEN—On Wednesday. Nov. 28,1860, Tda Mar, only daugh- ginia, and his party, including his wife,.four, children, ter of Charles E . and Sarah J. Holdcn, aged 2 years,© month*FROMTHE STATES.on Wednesday, Nov. 28,bythe Rev. Mr.Riuiag, WaUon J.HUdreth to Kebeoca B . Root.KIMBALL—ORVJ8—In W w t Cambridge. Maw., at tbererf- dence of John P. Squire, on Sunday evening, Nov, 25,bythe Rev. Mr. Cady, Mr. W . W . .Kimball, formerly of Mawwiia, St. Lawr«?Dee County, N. Y , to MI«» Nancie ». Orrie «f Weet Cambridge. ' • ,KIRK—TITUS—At Cornwall, N. Y .. on Tue-day, NovJ27, I860, according to the order of tbe Societv of Frieiida, Mr. J. Salmon Kirk of New-York City, to MJMElizabeth W ., daughter of Wm. T. Titt>« of the former place.girls, are'marriedthey cease to be children, in thinly-settled parts o"f theCUSEJNG—Iq this city, on Wisdnesday, Nov. 28, Margaret, the beloved "wife o f Thomas Cnshing, aged 28 years, a native of Toomavara, County Tipperarr, IrelancL •>arid become mothers alrnost before.'vtojumpoverboard,butoneofwhomgainedtheshore.bered, but who belonged to the boat's crew: are miss- HILPRETH—ROOT—At Trinity Church, Bergen Toint, N. J.,it'strue—ifntit?" v;I answered " Yes; yon can get there plenty of workj>;'>^An^mer^efochm Atthedepot the soldiers instilted their,officer* and threatenedWhile I am writing, another family of ermgrants ispassing under my window. TWohorees lead four greatBURNING OF THE PACIFIC,TOTAL LOSS OF THE BOAT AND HER CARGO.follows a girl of ten years on a mule. Five or six colte ,.,,; yy-ijr•/,•.;'•, <From the Louitviile Journal, Not). 21. , __.' L~ material is.largcly used o n tbix contin.ent,and.Europe,Iamnotspeakingfigurativelyinsayingthatiariiilies 'fehips,amongaquantity,ofhay,whichhad.beenplaced escaping from the South, is a daily sight in this vicinity. near the'boiier. In an incredibly short time the boat ScoresandhundredshavecrossedtheOhiothisAutumn, wasenvelopedinflames,andtheconfusionwhichen-sued among the passengers may be im.Wned, but can- at Louisville, and taken their course hopefully north- not be described- The'crew made herC^ean efforts toforthefirsttimeinhislife,breathesthe airandtreads aboutwbichclustersomanycherishedmemories. Butpovertywillsoonfinditswayintomanyhousesfrom whi«hlaborhashithertodefendedthem.Meantime,_ the Imperial marine is in treaty with Ton^Jloof Trieste for the construction and repair of war-veeeels atthe ship-yards ofPola. He hasbuilt somegoodBteamers,buthe"cannotbuild war-vessels; the Kaiser which he built is a failure.TienewsoftheclosingoftheArsenalhasin-created the hatred of the people. Yesterday was thebirtl-day of the Emperor of Austria. The civil andmilitary authorities attended divine service as usual onthebueilicateofSt.Mark.Inthepresenceofthejsol-dieiB, and under the eyes even of the Austrian function- the captain failed to catch. The negro immediatelythe soil of Freedom.' '*Say,neighbor,whichisthebestroadtogitout'shecaught.upthelifelessformandboreittotheguards XEE—OLEASON—On Wedne»dav, Nov,28,at theejhnrchof the Nativity, Second avenue, by t"ho Rev. George MeClonkey,oftheboat.;Itfellfromhergrasp,however,andwas .ThomaaH.LeetoKateT.Glea#on,bothofthUcity.into the State o f Indiana VThe needful directions being given, the worn-lookingdestroyed,itispresumed,.withtheboat. Mrs.Mc- Donald remained in Uniontown after' the disaster, in the hope of gathering up the ashes of her deceased husband. . : . tr, i . iSP^LMAN—SMITH—In tbiacity, onWednesdaymorning, Nov. 28. by the Rev. Mr. Montgomery, Roaawell a. Spelman to Louisa J., daughter of the late Mr. J. B , Smith, all of tbia city. , .man, dusty, slouchy, and pitiful, drags his feet on- ward. Slowlyandwearilytheoxenwagtheirheads,TEALE—DENTON—tn Brooklyn, on Wednesday evening, Nov. 28,bytheRev.A.Elmendorf, D.D.David C.Teale and AdeliaA.,daughterofWalterDenton. »afterward lest sight of the-captain, since Which time he hasbeengivenupforlost. , 'r';'ThefirsteffortofMr.Smith,thechief,clerk,wasto seize upon the books, money, and papers of the boat andpassengersintrustedtohiscare. Heunlockedthe safe and got possesion of $1,500. belonging to Capt. Bragdon,-oneof the owners of the boat/hut his search was.arrested by the progress of the, flames. All. the books, papers, together with the cabin register, thenal condemned him to.some months imprisonment. But. money m the.deek, amounting to about $500, and evenMr..Smith's wearing apparel, were- destroyed. The "surviving officers and crew lost everything, with the exception,'perhaps,"of^the-firet-engineerarid Mr>Un-wife of Mr. Daniel Bodicker, nged 35 yean, 7 months and 3 days.BAKER—In this city, on Wednesday afternoon, Nov.28,of dropsy, Eli Baker, aged Z4 yearn.CROSBY—On Wednesday. Nov.28,JnliaCroaby,daughterof the late Rev. A. H. Croeby. in th« 25th y«s*r of ber age.ThefriendsandrelativesofthefamilyarerespectfullyInvitedto attend her funeral, without further notice, on Saturday next, at 11 a. m., at the Church of the Incarnation, eorner of Madi- son avenue and Twenty-eighth street. Her remnins will bo taXcn to Yonk<rs for interment, by the Hudson River Railroad train, which leaves Thirty-first etreet, at 1J o'clock. » ^ ...CAFFRAY—In . Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Nov. 98, Elenof Loretto, youngest daughter of James and MargarwJ Caffray aged 2 yeara, 1 month and 10 days.CONWAY^-In this city, on Wednesday, Nov. 28, Mary Jaae^ daoghtei ofFatrickJand JoonahCoavruy. . , '," , y ^. <QOX-rhx Uppejr N^W-RochelleT,'on Wedneeday, Novl 29, Marga* rettaF. Cox,daughter ofTownsend Cox,foe • :itu*CURRAN—In this city, on Wednesday, Nov. 28, of Inflamma- tion of the brain, WUliano, son of Michael and Anno Curran, aged 2 years.aries,theywroteonthebenchesandwallaofthechurchthese significant words, Per Vultima Volta, for the last :tink ;;' •\ •'• ';'hafe. Not long since a Commissioner, Burnvicini, was' willbring intothe. Governmentseveralmillions'ofsoldiers in the Austiian .service, intended for that fort-.fy as. to their whence, whither and why. So he fell rese, will be received with much sympathy, especially and sister, were passengers by the.steamer, having The rolativea and friends of tbe family are respoctfnlry invited tocandy, to the astonished twelve twinkling eyes, Whichtwinkled immediately with less fierceness and more in the fkoe of certain, loss. Toggenburg professes thating children are deserving the, attention of every man and woman: ' "" .'V . . . 'daughter of Anthony B . McDonald.The relatives and 'friends of. the family are invited to attend tbepleasure. Six sticks, with that beautiful spiral red the communes.will be compelled• to reimburse them, streak on a white ground, which is BOmuch prettier and says he will coinpel the Government employees tofoneral at St. Lukers Church, HudVon street, on Satorday, D e c 1, lit 1 o'clock p. m., without farther notice.,•: •on the Nashville turnpike." . " ,."'Well, you've got a lot of boys and girls there that'•••"YesSir." ,-•••'>'"FromtheSouth7» "Yes,Sir—aboutahundredmilesbelow Louisville,will be able to work after awhile ! Going to look for tional independence only can bring it back to us. : land?"' " i ''',-'of cold bread and butter—nothing else'.VI.—Shouldsleepinseparatebeds,onhairmattresses, •noUoe. „v ..,; . •'•"That's what I'm calculatin' on—or.to git work of some kind—work is plenty I reckon,in theNorth.IN THEside the door.. , ,. ,;$115, and Charles Walcot $1(>0. A t the Winter Garden machinery for the Whiter. Those mills that are "I left. Virginia five years ago to come,North, but Italy have entered since the late changes, is worthy of •'•VIII.—Never'limit a healthy child as to sleeping or 8HEVILLE—At Bergen, N. J., on Wednesday, Nov. 28. Chmrlvtand Niblo's, Mcsara. Couldock and Pyott received $70and $50, and Messrs. Conway and Fisher $70 and $60,respectively, a week.. A t iSim Keene'g this ueason worth of dust is sent East each week by express,in Kentucky, and paid £700 for,It. Had 20 acres in foitreeaes of Popery, aProteetant haa bought the pal- both; it is of great nnportance.The friends and relatives of the family are resrpeetfbuy invited to attend the funeral on Friday, the 30tb,at 2p. m., from Bergenand quite an amount by private hand. A s work laat, she paid Mr.' Jordan $100., ..Last season, too, has been discontinued in nearly all the gulches, it is Mrs. John Wood and i/Lr. Jefferson received each'$150 probable, that this gold oomes from.the mills. Con-corn this season, arid didn't git a clean bushel to theacre. Drouth killed everything. It wasn't inuchIX.—Never compel:a child to sit still, nor interferewith its enjoyment, as long as-it is not actually injuri- STEPHENSON—On Thursday morning, Nov. 29, at the resi- .went for notbingTThen I tried working for other peo-Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York•>*4-*«rf»«rVv»,t:v: ^L^ZVX www.fultonhistory.comPROTESTANTISMWc find the following letter in the Elbcnfdd 2Zei- greater port of daylignt, from after breakfast untilBntterworth, son of John and. Anna M a m Shcvilte, aged l running are doing well; From $35,000 to $50,000 stopped and.bought a farm of fifty acres of land down intereet. At Bologna, for examploj one of the ancient eating, except at supper; but, compel regularity as to ^years and 6 months. • ',Taint no use for a poor white man to try an£ live gationj aJthoagh until the revolution the Protestant With' it. .;rw ..,'! ::• ii&l 'il.Z '.'down there. I know a good many'that's bound to XI.—Never speaik. harshly or angrily, but mildly, starve if they don't come away. Tney'11 starve this worship haa not been tolerated in 'the States of 'the kindly and, when really needed, firniiy—no more. Winter,iftheydon|tgithelp..Jtriedtosellmyland,butIcouldn'tgitanythingforit; soIrenteditoutfortwo years at- $40 a year, and I'm going to try theNorth, where everything isnjt overrun with niggers."WATSON—On Thursday afternoon, Nov. 29, Nancy, vridow of the late Henry Watson, aged 38 years. .Tbe friends and relatives ofthe family arerespectfully invited (• attend t h e funeral o n Saturday afternoon a t 2 o'clock, from herlateresidence.No.22Janestreet. .— ',WILLSON-In thi» city,,onWednesday.Nor.28,afteraVTO tracted sickness, Susan, the beloved .wi& of JajDM Wlllson, aged 35 years, .'• —^siw——asjajsisimmmmm— AlovettientamlOcean8te«BMM*TO DEPART. Vajuterbut......."...... New-IOTX. .ChurchandtheKingdomofiheTwo.Sicilies,exceptat thechapelsofthelegationsatHomeandNaples. ''...:XII.—Byallmeansarrangeitsothatthelastwords betweenyouandjourchildrenatbed-rime, especially thVyoungerohes, shall be words of unmixed loviug-^S ARMY.—A correspondent of tlie Augs-ROMAGNA." For the rest, the Piedmontese Government finda it Beesandaffectibn. '..'•' • -'expedient not' to cross the old Catholic prejudices of.the peopletoorudely,for,althoughitwisheswelltolib^i^DRYGoonsEHBE^ZLSR.—Aclerkinthe,employ->,/Theforward partoftheboatwasfirstenvelopedinflames, and, as Capt. Lamb at this juncture wasObserved on the hurricane roof forward, it is supposedthat he passed through the pilot-house to,the stern oftheboat,aridsliddownthederrickwhichsupportstheyawl. But the yawl was gone, a party of deckershaying cut itloose, and made their way in it to theshore. AsCapt. Lamb wasutterly unable to swim, BENNETT—In thU city, on W«dne«d»y, Nov.JW, Roth A*his position now was perilous. ' Goff. a negro porter,sawhiminthatposition,andthrewhimanoar,which BOD1CKER—Inthisoity,onWednesday,Nov.28,Margaret,disaster. .':..'•:.v.-:-:.:i i:.'....-J tJui ..:./REARING. CniLnREK.-^-The following rules for rear- McDONALD-On WedneMlay, Nov. 28, ElWbetb 3)eeek«rfditpoeed of, was recovered and identified. The priso- C*ty of Maoohoster. . .New-York.. •Liverpool.,. ,f .^.Dec 8ner is held for examination. ,:>. 'ij- '.:; .... :;•'A.1 taOUt • • • *s>• • • • • • • 90 • ..Boston...... LivarpooL..... ..Deo. XM...New-YorkUnited Kingdom......New-York ...New.Yorkshotbygunners,andsenttomarket. Theopening/or Atlantic..... sportsmeninthia'lineisbelievedtobeveryfine.GeeSeand ducks-have been and still are' plenty at Montauk.City duckuhaveneonahoteitherintheBayorintheSound, Saxonia.Excellentaporthasbeenhadthere. As yet butfew....-..Nov. 14, Southampton....New-York......Nov. 18 XJalwny;;....^... .Boston..... .....Nov. 28 City of Wsabington. .Liverpool .New:York. .....Nor* xXTHK POPKburg AUgancine Zcitung, writing from Labach, says: ber. By an accidental onmwion, however, the neces- head were sold at froni«'cWc ^ H>, dressed; and4®*ic. live)untiiig them in this county to the month of Novem- SaKxp--There was a much better demand for J>he*p. «nd 4.800of••••••••• . .New-Y ork..... .Liverpool. ,.>Dec 19I1 130',; ',%-i.i^69^.»,-.*.«•'^.i.tor^<nl^^^M. ^'-^li^Ss-ijW*,* 