 I"cashier of the Union Bank of London, amounts to the enormous sum of £263,000 (nearly $1,126,000), which places him at the need of this class of defaulters in London. The entire lose will bo met from the bank's profits; a sum of £120,000 drawn from the reserved fund and capitalized, will be transferred back, the present reserved fund will be swept away, and the remainder will be provided for from the profits of the present year. The delinquent carried on unsuccessful stock operations for rears, and his frauds were carried on by means of a forged pass book, representing an account of the Union Bank with the Bank of England.The shares of the Union Back were quoted at a decline of£6.The Earl of S t Germans, Lord Stewerd of the Queen's house hold, goes to Canada in the retinue of the the Prince or Wales.Lient CoL Crealock to to be Military Secretary to Lord Elgin In bis mission to China. Lord Elgin was to leave London on the 26th of April, for China.It is stated that £170,000 have been paid from Lloyd's on the ship and cargo of the steamship Burgarian.The London Timet, in an editorial upon Mr. Haiiburton a speech in the House of Commons on behalf of the timber trade of Canada, censnres the caviller manner at whichlower than yesterday. Canadian loans steady. ASTXBirAN STOCKSPales bad been made of Illinois Central shares a: 44 s 48 discount, do 7 s, 1*60 (free!and), at 92. Erie »haresat 16X do. third mortgage bonds at 713%, New Yerk Oss tral shares at "1 a 72.L1VIRPOOL COTTON JULRkfT.The sales of cotton lor tut Hue* da>s ending "-*•"** were 36 OC0 bales, of which speculators and «P»?~r took 13.0C0 bales. The market was active and «*•«*/*,• but holders were pressing their stocks on the saarkw,which prevented quotable improvement.H EEeTATK OF TRAM IN ***C **' ;fc>1 „.,*«.The advices from Manchester are tavorec*; J * mnr*» was firm, with an advsnclrg tendency.LiTXBPOOr. BBEADSirrrs SAKE*. ^ ^ Richardson, Spence A Oo report to^wf* *"« mTtma sales of American at 28s 6d a 30s. Wheat »rwi • » 7 ^prices; red, 10s. 6d. a 10s, lid.. white. H a •» 1» •*. «*!» bad an advancing tendencT, but closed qajt, mixes-»» a 36s. S4 , yellow. 37a. a STa oa•; white, 36s. a 4sa^Walspeld. Nash A Co. report oors. ed. be**IIVBBPOSL PROnBTOK MV^OT. „ Beef ess heavy, and prices «»*^*S#..*2§«sitbemeeires on tie pi-ck disclaved ty Sayen M.U YORK HERALD. la the Ute intaraatioaal puss fi*jb.t. They con- descend to remember that he in an Irishman. and that Marshal* McMaaon and O'DoaaellW»«BfcBATOT; thSVwtsBgBQ|tk»«"»MaseTS | | a > > |* *AS c t u A i i o a umai cason ajn> ntoraoxoB.v * .AREHAL OF H E BOHEMILN,AMBBICAJt P * « S S S - D O T . <MTJSBTJM,Broedwny.-Horfragments. The New York spoils hunters, forinstance, are in a dilemma, and as their only lar Christianity, was also en the ground.aim is to be with the winning side, we may soona time had not some of the peou- nlous friends of the slave come to his relief. And so with all the one idea papers- They are, after a time, terrible bores, even to the people whose convictions they express. In the independent press of the country the pub- lic finds fair play for every party or faction, and an organ for the expression of everySABBUVBholds the See of Oxford, and believes in muscu-COEJfS*Of*tUSBAP*g»cash* ar IS * w «m"*»' *** **** *_ « « ««rf ae* mrrmW$ Brttadm*; to tha obligations which England owes to herin London, he was received by the bulls and bears with the strongest testimony of financial appreciation-that is. the hard cash itself, to thesome time, has had a touch of paralysis, and ithereafter to appear only once a month.Enormous Frwids by the Cashier of a LoBdvn Baak,The European Conference t oMeet i n Paris. »M>iw»w%a%w»wa>aw^*i#s^a^MMa>0ai#»i>w*»aaWPTEE sMKXiTIONOFSATOTTO FRA5«.STLJEZj^JUTiZ^&ttZ* r*T.J?L Irish troop*.ovlti-A Black Rof>»»It«sm ProoldemtBBYA5TB' BTTBrfrBBUB. Meca—tae' Hall. 171 Broadway.- B°a_**u*a, Boats, 0A*cas, ac.-«A«Awaaa I» raousLB.•LBLO'S BALOOW. Bnwdway.-Oao. CaaiarT'i Misr n a a u is boaos. LIAXCKS, BO. -BLACK BUJSDSSS.COOrTB I!TBTlTCT«.-lxaisiTiO!f pr r_tin's pamiXAL Piiirnx. or turn count or DOATB—Day and Kvenin..RATIOSAT,OOVOBRt SALOON, National Thsehre.- Bosu*. IASCSS, Bcsusqsne, Be.COB*RB Of THTJrr?.*NTH BTRBBT ABD POUBTH A T B 0 B * —CALirOBKIA MaJiAt-SRIB.fitw York, Moaaay. H a y »» I860*The Sews.The steamship Bohemian, which left Liverpool April 13, and Queenetown 26th, passed Farther Point yesterday afternoon abont four o'clock. Bhe brings four days later Intelligence. T h e fight between Ileenan and Savers still continued to occupy public attention in England. Heenan, it was reported, had died of erysipelas, but the rumor was entirely unfounded. He had add-essed a letter to the London Times, stating his position, which will be found in our telegraphic aammary of the news. Ihefrauds committed by Mr.Bellinger, the cashier of the Union Bank of London, amounted to the enor- mous sum of nearly $1,225,000; h e had been for years engaged in unsuccessful stock operations. It waa said that Austria, Prussia and Russia had agreed that the European Conference on the Swiss quesAloog with all this we have the general sub- bany Regency uniting with the whig or the de- scription throughout the realm, to show thatthe British lion felt his honor touched in a ten-Southampton on the morning or the 28d. S h e bably net leave o s her return before the 28th.would pro- of the child, Mortara, had resultedthe King of Sardinia, following the advfc* «rsnonsss.t hconsols closed at M i a 911 for money and account. We have received from our correspondent at Great Salt Lake an interesting report of the doings in Utah up to April 13. The thirtieth Conferencecf the Mormon Church had been celebrated by four days preaching and testifying is favor of Mormon- ism, and was the occasion of much rejoicing among the Saints. Delegates from the most distant settle- ments were present, and the Church was said to be in a more nourishing condition at present than at any period during its existence. The difficulty between the Federal and Probate courts still con- tinued, and the most reckless men in the Territory were released from the imprisonment to which they had been sentenced by writs of habeas corpus emanating from Judge Eckels. The army, it was thought would soon take its departure from Camp Floyd.Northern States, the break up at Charleston precludes the supposition that the old demo- cratic minorities will be able to overcome the black republican majorities, and the success ofthe Chicago ticket may be looked upon as cer- tain in a great majority, if not in all of them. But this will not give to that ticket a majority of the Electoral College. The vote of the Cen- tral and commercial States will therefore decide the coming struggle, and it is there that we have to study the effect of the running of four Presi- dential tickets, for it is there that all of themwill receive a portion of the popular vote.It cannot be denied that a large majority of the people in those States are strongly opposed to the revolutionary and destructive theories of black republicanism. For this reason the local black republican leaders there take ground ingressmencertainly a right to be heard on this vital question. What do they send people to Washington for ? Why do we have govern- ment? Is it not to protect all our interests? Afterhaving whipped the British Lion, shall the tro- phies of victory be denied? Forbid it, Messrs. MasonandBurlingame. Letajointresolutionbe at once adopted by the Senate and House, and a suitable mixed commission offightingCongress- men, with distinguished delegates from the governing classes, be sent' out to demand the belt; and in case it is refused, to request Mr. Dallas to lay the matter before her Majesty'sthe said battle of my eye sight or the use of my arm, as inihecaseof Brettle,whendisabled bySayers,youwouldhave made Sayers wait for me for any length of time thatmight be dictated by my prlTate doctor. When Uita ma'«bwas made, the date for the battle waa the 16th, or a s soonas we could get to fight; aad, according to the rules,if thebattle should be interrupted, it was my understanding,andI believe it is the law, that w e should fight within a week.We did meet according to contract. The battle was saidto be unfinished, and l a m prepared to renew it at anymoment within lawful limits. If Severe is not, on ac A large sum has been placed to the credit of the Ministerof War to defray the expenses.The Paris correspondent of the Tt'wej says that criauts.fearfully increasing in Paris, and that s frightful number of murders have been committed daring the pest rew months.The editor of s satirical journal, of Turin, bee bee* condemned to two mentbs' imprisonment and a she, for P. S —You will please understand I don't wish to com- publishing disgraceful articles againtt the Emperor of thepel Sayers to fight because he hi represented to be to a French.disabled state, but I wish to obtain what I think I have A commission was formed amongst the clergy ef already won, and which I will cheerfully hand back when- Turin to have drawn up an address to the Pope, which,ever he or any other person thinks he can take it from after receiving the signatures of the clergy or the king- me. dom, Is to be sent to the Vatican. This document ptaoesbefore the eyes of his Holiness tho daager of Two hundred pounds are said to have been Fubscribed the present policy of Rome, and paints oatin Liverpool by American captains for the benefit of that tue surest means of warding them off is to acsest thestate honestly the fact that most of their great•ictoiiee have been won by Irish troops, led oned, has received marked expre«aU»i ofALARMMG MORTALITT AMONG ABOLITION NEWSPAPERS.—We notice that Fred Douglas*'ssesus,asdtaataneshtlsts^-BMwmjnaide« from voting completely failed. *** whole-Jean Maa/risabe hare At Faucigny the voting was ahaett ^ » » —By and-by we shall hear of it as a quarterly, "rSftl&r&uJ*- ***** - *r «•* »- T h e JMwlaloms o r P s r t l o a mnd Ttoolr » • * amount of one hundred pounds sterling. Liver- or, what is more likely, it will go down to thethe•wT**»t_/• t V» Brtst a ca*Trrdf «__Lf5"'»to SSJULALLL*ffSS* ASSPAO*ABOTBMBNTS Tim arrsrsina.A M* T 0 » M0B1C, Feerttenlt •trttt-Itii.uB Orz- UfIOStTO. ______pool, a town as pugnacious as it is dirty, grave when the Washington Era lies, with nameassP ^ * " an immense majority for • * * £ ? £ .SPAIN.•»* * • »***« Fentiasst, sad their va'let wars arrested at fsmition should meet in Paris. The voting en the qucs- nominate a single Presidential ticket, we shalllike me, to come over to whip a little man like Bayers. part of loans formerly announced, bat net yet ptseot Under ordinary circumstances 1should not think of send- The London Z>atly News regards the otatsmssl ss as-expect to see many of the members of the AlThe steamship Adriatic, from New York, was reported had, for the moment, abandoned the Idea of ukhwaoff the Isle of Wight at 11 P. M. of the 24th, and reached Southampton oa the morning of the 26th.offer his sword to the King of Sardinia to oeabat forms American ships Rurus Choate aad Thomas Harward, of cauf e of liberty and Italian nationality, If hat nephew, the Bath, bound east, 29th, the American ship Isaac Webb; King ef Naples, persists to his dangerous sokcy ef re-May 6, British ship Henry, off Bird Rock, Golf St. Law- fusing to res ore the Neapolitan cssstitatisa of 1M4The assassination of Gen. VlgUaisiream; May 6, Brtttohships Pride ef Canada aad Queenof the Lakes. AUSTRIA.The steamship City of Washington sailed from Liver- Baron Brack, Austrian Minister of Finance, had betspool at abont the same time as the Bohemian, and has the suddenly taken ill from congestioi of blood aad expires, ssails for the United States. to the afternoon of the 23d.The steamer Brazil takes the place of the Circassian, A despatch announcing concessions to Hungary h aew leaving Galway on the 28th for St. Johns, N. E , aad New said to have been marked b y considerable exaggerattsa, Y ork. and t i e belief wss current In some quarters that s e realchange towards Hungary w a s contemplated, a s d that THB GREAT FIGHT. the object was probably to deprive the Hanfarians of ta*A report which was current Is London, that Hesaaa irmpalJ:- Of westers Europe.bad died of erysipelas, proved to be utterly unfounded. Prince Otarborytki died oa the 23d.Heeoaa, on the 22d, writes to the London lima — LATEST —The Weiner Zeitmg contains S decreeI see by your article of Saturday that yon misunder- ing Councillor of State Ignas Von Planer to the " stand my wtthes, and it does me great injustice. I hare Finance. He is also created privy councilor.no difference to settle with Sayers except such as I triedto settle with him on the loth; aad Instead of being RUSSIA,mocratic sections of the black republi-can party, according as one or the other old bully is very grateful to Mr. Thomas SayersNAPLES. various sourcesstill have four tickets in the field, as in 1824. en the Md ult, and resulted in an immense majori The question then naturally arises, what will ty in favor of annexation everywhere. The Count be the effect of these divisions upon the popularde Moatemtlin and his brother had been ar- vote?retted in Spain. It was thought that It cannot be doubted that a large ma- nothing in regard to them would be determined up- jority, if not all, of the Southern Statesing a challenge to a man of Sayers'size, but England tounded. thinks him big enough to defend the belt, l want it, andcannot get it, except through him. The enclosed letter,which I sent to Bells Life, when I heard thattion of annexation to France took place in SavoyINDIA A N D CHINA.Calcutta despatches give reports of disturbances hsriafon until the return of O'Donnel from Africa. TheKing of Sardinia had, for the present, abandonedthe idea of taking the title of Kuig of Italy. The Richmond candidate. There will be notimatum to the Chinese governmentThe stock of teas wss very light, and supplies wars *x-hauded. Sales were made at full prices.Exchanges were unalterd.AgaifS in Japan bad become worse. The foreign comticket run in them for the Chicago nominee, I>letely tuppressed. Advices from Canton stite and the opposition will be divided betweenNot having been able to obtain from yon, as a referee,the final decision upon the fight of Tuesday last, I desire munity was in great apprehension, two Dutch captainsinsurrection w Sicily is said to have been com that the rebel disturbances in Ch,;;a were increas-to demand through you a new meeting within the present week. I make this demand from having been informed that it has been suggested on your part that I should givethe Union candidate and the one presented by ing. The stock of teas at Shanghae was very light, the Baltimore squatter sovereignty Conven'mountainpass mall station o n t h eButter&eldandwaa heldatfirmprices. The Liverpool c)t- tion. ThiswillgivetotheRichmond ticketa ton market was active and steadier. The London large majority in the Southern States, but still mosey market was slightly easier. On the 24th a minority in the Electoral College. In thebelt,andnothingbutthebelt Thegoverningwill cast their electoral votes for thenew invention for taking the nigger out of the wood pile am AS OCTRAGB is TIXAS.Private advices from Fort Chadbourne, Texas, to April 13, stale that the Indians in that vicinity have cut off themeet Sayers again for the next chance to conquer it.The following is the letter to Bells Itfe —By the brig T. B. Wattaon, arrived at this portyesterday, we have news from Porto CabelloVenezuela, to April 18. The country is said to bein a fair way once more to enjoy the blessings ofpeace. Manuel Felipe Tovar had been elected the rural districts of the Northern States, and had enough nonsense from Mr. Bull. The President by a majority of 44,000. He is said to beHeenan. propositions contained eel.Spam and England, relative to the extradition of sailers. mandy brought forward a resolution complaining of s e - The rumor that the Moorish Pienipotenttanes have notcret correspondence having been carried on be sufficient authority to negotiate has unfavorably tails tween Lord Cowley, the British Ambassador at enced the public mind.Paris, asd the home government, having reference The semi-official Autograph gives a denial to tha rumer. The same journal states that the Ministers are perfectly to Important matters oa the Savoy question, and declaring agreed as to the course to be pursued in the trial of Constone of the best men in the country, and enjoyed the confidence of the merchants and others. There was a rumor in Porto Cabello of the return of Gen. Pees to Venezuela, bat it was not generally credited. Produce waa coming in from the countryvery slowly, andwasheld athigh prices.A letter from Mr. John Morrissey, stating hiscontinually intimate, in their private inter- course, that their candidate, if elected, will turn out to be as good a national man as any other, and that he only seems to favor the abolitionists to keep them in the party linesquestion is now—will he give up that Belt?SI'MMFJ? TRAVEL TO ETBOPE—IjonoRATION' BOTH WATS.—The Vanderbilt and City of Bal- timore, which sailed for Europe on Saturday,It injurious to the public service to have questions of mo Mostemoun.ment referred to in private correspondence unless thereis also public record of the same. COMMERCIAL, INTELLIGENCE.We lay before our readers this morning reports of the sermons in a number of our churches yes- terday, preparatory to the great work of Anniver- sary week.A telegraphic despatch from Apalachicola states that the ship Switzerland, of N e w York, Captain Traak, caught fire while lying in the bay, and wasburned te the water's edge. She is supposed to be a total loss.great conservative majority. Local arguments and minor reasons will be urged in favor of each candidate, and old antipathies will bewhenthetideoftravelischecked,weshall send an average of one thousand passengers, first class, every week, to Liverpool or Havre. The rates of fare are moderate. Such ships aswasbeingmadeup,andItwouldbeescortedasGarasthe National Bridge. The Church government would receive eight per cent export duty on it The conducts would leave for Vera Cruz April 23The American Consulate at Vara Cruz was fully or- ganized.information relative to the Intentionsof France wereprettysteady. Consolsclosedwithfirafreeling<aswas received privately, and the matter of the 24th.Consols dosed on Tuesday at M\ a Hj% for money aaithe opinion from Walewski, and the com account.muntcation was of such a nature that he was usable to TUTEOT VIA Qravrarowx Aran 26.include them in public despatches, t h e first official Inti- The opening prices of consols for money waa M \ smation he had was in February hut, and he then forth- U%, and for account (rt»-, a 96. New threes M * a H TLe Lcnond Daily Xetct city article says—The stsokwith laid it before the government He denied that any markets were characterised this afternoon by s souewhat communication of importance had been withheld. improved feeling, but there was little re\ Iva! of business. The funds advanced >,' per cent; the share market pre- The Marquis of Normandy finally withdrew the resolu- senting no alteration of striking importance, but likewttse d b fBbbraBSksgtrass. T h e nwaa quiet, sod sales ware eosBsed te now been broken, except those growing oat ofExchanges unaltered..Cotton unchanged ; sales hMtsriSobaiesf M W ° " Mr. Gladstone replied, and assort* that the EngUab public(Braatl) atp. t ,asd 340do. S t Do-at 3a.it thinks o u s t provesa^d., wivh a a i svrd, by staajsor atOn the other hand, oar people go to Europe tor a tour, say from six 'weeks to two years. They spend a good deal of money, to be sure, but they come home loaded with things, mostUTtaPOOL PRODL'CB Sugar steady CsBee eatat RiotFota29s.toreew,end28s.ed.fatold. Id. a 4s. 2d. for cosnmoa. SpiritsLOKOOB Breadstuff's quiet, butm Liverpool, to so*-* Doe*,600 bbto. floor to Oil up atls.ed.;a*dMJersey City Hews*CaracB DOHCATIOH—the ceremony of dadicaung theUJSE PLUCK AM> ENGLISH GBATXTTDS—Whea- lieved or eren imagined. Corrupt and in-place yesterday. The building is 62 feet frost, SS fast deep, built of brick, with brows stone trimmings, to the Icnic style of Grecian architecture t h e audience SoarPRANCE.Baron Gros was to leave Parts foe Csisa o s the 96th effirm. Tee m good dezesfirm Taitow quiet. Ltrseed oil 26s. tan. 9 s ,p J i r o a d d L *ererth^rBtoaquwalioiiofr^U^calconcesslong to Ireland In the British PwLlajnent. nothing is remembmd but Irigh turtulencB and Irish die- loyalty. Let when be anyfightingto be done,triguing politicians, whose only aim is to rule.and the Irish a n pat forward to bear the brunt with fas growth and strengthened with itswill be about S&S.OOO. In the morning the sermonin Paris, the Coaferoaee, ats will beisteady, dell.Lownow, A r c B$-P Mat M X a M X b * •os*/,aadU%*«aof the coLflict./net now the English joornaii are pluming. . , TM oeaicatory tervicf s were oy tae pastor, nev C Rome; bat We are speaking Of people of ordi- I Wails ss4 Rev. Dr. Taylor, of names, U t h e aftersSpain. Portugal, PrusSta, Switzerland, who wtil be dors to France.t^sfBrfeflfsr:v. fe-i aTasti ay fraaee, twglaas. Sardinia. Sweden aadProduceto.Vpublic that is in strong contrast with that occupied by the local leaders of that party inGREAT BRITAIN.till after election. By this means they will took ov>t n o leee than eLs. humlieil a n d seveut v -LONDON MONET MARKET.Lord Cowley stated that he regarded the motion as a The London money market continued easy. la the seenkeep their followers together, while the nomi- nation of three candidates in opposition to thenine passengers, being the second large list ofcensure upon himself, and had come from Paris express- market the supply was good at 4 X per cent, aad there were but few applications at the Bank of England.NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MAY 7, 1860.EO>C>K-> TO THL BiuridU CuAtmo.N—WHAT L* subject ihe advantage is all on our side. The aWl UTS LATER F B I ! £0£0PE. S t . •*hadawvasesdIsTSeas^moipTaac*?'7 ******TO Brcokk o. TH*. BELT ^-According to all European trip for an American who keeps hislhBmsssBBa snaa ttkm\ shoe*. . i \ T s T " ^ ^ " ^7«B*c. *•**«• rsBatH o w * either in « was the >v«twd*m.« twaf tt>ni c Wedne*i averI Acad etay, toordprepared .1lt*-*»<Bdcwhxh whe e C a issBtywaltnh s a d 1 It st s 1 • s e e or l e s giver,Winparties cosesissetody canyvttl be SU SgnoriBrig viSb* eals •jdereblyea auvarearywsAssess UMMr a n d Mr CherlssBew MUsPettt'ieyes open is a good investment He comes man; unprejudiced persons on the other side home feeling very happy that he has seen theextendtheirreminiscencesstillfurtherbackand laidwageisuponhim,asentirelyconquer- home.P . * » "*» *«B Sat asd s^ssshu —^,accounts, Tom Sayeis, who is regarded bycame from the eame braTe rtock. They might of the water as rather more than half whipped,and by every one here, including those who though not so demonstrative as when he leftn l a o s M s V s n d a y . t h e ^ * Isustuh tron THEFlfiHTFORTHECH4IPI0N8HIP.tatheParisjonrnalsa?**'*•~~~SSISIpublic faTcr from allclaases InGreatLETTER FROMHEENAN.by Irish commanders. There is not a batUe heldr u WARA-LI USMALD, « y j ^ y * , " r * * W & on the Continent that does not bear evidence Britain. Wj^en he appeared on 'Change paper, which has been in the weekly way foreent cue hundred and twenty-fire pounds toThe breaking up at Chsrleeton of the demo the champion, and a correspondent says that tion papers a n found to go the sams way.and tlso Dtseolotion of the UwJem*so poor as to do it reverence. A ll these aboli-cratic party organization haa produced a re- from all parts of t i e kingdom subscriptions ofTheEramanagedtogetalongforawhileuponmarkable change in the. political prospects of all sorts, from a penny postage stamp upwards, Mrs.BeecherStoweVUttCle Tom," but beganthe country, and will lead to result, pregnant are being poured into the horny hands of the in- to run behindhand even' before Dr. Bailey died.withdangertoallInterests. Thefirstatepis domitsblethoughseverelyhammeredThomas. WhileFredDouglasswasathomehispaper. KS TM* , ^ ******iriKiot oa«D«K. Broadway .—SouwrntAB FnaroitM- the probable success of the sectional nominee That he is regarded as the prime representative was sustained by the contributions of old la-UK» l u i BnAaa. at Chicago, and the second the breaking up of of the muscular element of England is quite ap- dies who liked him because he was black andArrestoftheCountdoMontemolinintwoo'clockoathemornli|ofthe auTonndedthehouse.aadiBOWTST THBATB*. Bowery —Rise LXAB—GOODroa the confederacy. fl*r»wi.—B. B.REBELDISTUBBAJICB8at0j0^m0U^p*0*0t0*0*0H*f*j'i'0*0*^0**Ofdtopcoalof the genCHIHA. A majority of the BSsmtah prreswaewtinn aasoiw, Broadway. LA Jon a. . _ _ _ _ _ .WALLACE'S TBBATSJB, Broadway ©©»«»«-BAB»IACS Buss-Bond stroet.-Broor* TOThe two larger fractions of the democracy hare each called a convention of its own -one tomeetat Richmond, and one at Baltimore; but it is evident to every reflecting mind thatage was strongly represented, and according o one account, a noble duke, who is an officer of a royal household, as well as the head of one ef the greatest families in England, stood uponSmith school, who expected to regenerate theAfrican race through Fred's writing and speech-making. Nowthathehasgoneabroad,andtheLOKDOK mma a*,MuaxtEASIER,i tam J L . by an ordinary oourt martial The Cbrrewendmoif J L ?gntfhi* considers that nothing will be resolveTTna. «t*T*\fia»i•T1S.A.. iaj.. L__.• B^sBamm* til the return of ODoanell from Africa, but beiievSTu!."w r11 theconspirators willbetriedbytheSsoato. * •"•the Moorish Plenipotentiary had arrived at Tsu •> and negotiations for carrying out the eondrbeat ef ' had ~parent from all the facts. At the fight the peer- bitter, and some few philosophers of the Gerritrfpaper has to stand on its own bottom, it falls LitJBA EE1J.S S TBt-TBE, 63 i Broadway.—OouJtaa there must be minor fractions, and a vast num- one side of the referee, while a peer, almost as out Garrison's Liberator had a hard struggleFAITHD Poor, C. E., May 0,1800.The steamship Bohemian, frets Liverpool 26th, via ITaLT.Queenstowa26thult.,passedthispointat4JOP.M. TheKingcontinnedhistriumphantpregrtsitsreagh to-day, e n rente for Quebec Ids s o w dommtoas H e was at 1The steamship Illinois, from Mew Terk, arrived at The criminal proceedings a t Fe'letti, an inquititor of the holy eBiwa. _ _ _ _ _ well known as the Duke of Beaufort, occupied• EW BOWERT. Bowery.—HASSV BLASE—Biwwaa Doa" ber of the voting masses, that cannot imme- a prominent position in the inner ring. It is for many years, and the brother whenitnAAiiat*Aes"ivtaxBwHTHAvssrus.diatelycoalescewitheitherofthegreatparty said,too,thattherightreverendfatherwho conducts it would have swamped manyder place by the Yankee invasion, and that theThe stsssssMs) Canadian, from Portland, arrived at Acctunts fromthe t a s m ueucceedB in securing the nominationat Chicago. For such a coalition the This is the ground taken in such powerful opinion. That is the true way of conductingrepresent Queenstowa at 6 A. M ef the 28th. tion in Sicily a s completely suppressed.Bering the « which wiiib. iAurn Eeem she directreei Msnsomnosdwfilbegaiti Mr. Jefferson sseaceos the anperb style, the head of i theatre came not St for tee gsrthem. Tl anch liked, i seme good t h steal ef the cars. Beenaii a Satarsay " fteorge I drsw half work called' muscle," whi overflowings laadred of scene was tn«MbuPattil harmonic 8oc h creating q- the water. 1 sf an addrer-i pfimsst of soisortHause* Beethoven's tare ef "Ms Idem " Mu Swim echo sc two duets wt Ihe serenade sill also be gramme M t>y particular '•BallCoram New York a he the meet ITheprograuhatatermithe door kee portion of the lack attaches public. Gok and a aew faAtNibiOB In grand a ; ratima. All added to theAtLaural played every At Barnni evening, and tatheafters' At the Nei "ThsBrocse lb the Eight! At the Bev aagement, p.Shag" aad < sbrrsRTAon Baiooa, will | "Back Btuihave enotbe TroeMe.-'The Adam Fourth a vs* ttoa. Certai heferebees old trapper' antsooandeiMr. Jacobs Be. 444 Bros • seMto berSOIBOTIO! association. • s d Emigre mass to txhut Jaaaar; immigrants! Used so ert bring offend legtsktiveec aiverttsemei all sufferers to vtet their rspi wewtatlishe best lege R» kins*I ten o'clock.street, at the hy a team 06MS* Bull arm, and ca ass. The a late Readts has entirelyT an AJTOCI •f the snnlvi •hty, pubtie stated that tl *P««eh I t * lev. A. H. ICSRAT Po.Boyd's Citychange will***»tongfe thetsabrded^ B o y s 'A •hartlyhscrowd of * l » fast o f ] sepoBeedimdtstj atyto.i thepiethe. a thaiway has been prepared by their negotiations with Thurlow Weed, and the combinations to share the plunder of this city. Other portionsand the Saturday Review, which latter publi- cation comes out flat-footed in favor of theage in which we live, and only such newspapers can have any vitality of their own. Thetends Confidence Cagger «i Co., and we have yet to witness strange movements and changes ameug the professional politicians. They oan- not forego the hope of plunder.In this state of affairs four conventions are now about to meet to present candidates for the Presidency—the Union Convention at Baltimore, the Northern sectional Convention atChicago,the Southern eectional Convention at Richmond, and the Convention of the advo- cates of the squatter sovereignty doctrine at Baltimore. Assuming that the whig and demo-craticelementsoftheblackrepublicanparty forego, at Chicago, their rising dissensions, andthe governing classes of the United States come in for a due Bhare of attention.While all this is going on in England, we hear a great deal of talk, but no practical de- monstration, on the part of our people. Our mer- cantile aristocracy rather pooh-poohs the prize ring in public, and devours the report of its do- ings in private, and while all classes in England, St.James'aswellasStGiles',standupboldly for thefisticrepresentative of the Lion, we find few people outside of sporting circles who care to honor the American Achilles. Should John C.Heenan appear on'Changeto- morrow, the merchants might stare at him, but they would never think of rewarding him as the representative of the governing classes,or the exposition of our national pluck. Amovement has been made with a view toTaise five thousand dollars wherewith topurchase a testimonial for the Benicia Boy; butthat movement seems to be confined almost en-tirely to the governing classes, who ought notto let it rest there. What the Boy wants—whatthe American Eagle screams for—what unbornmillions, from the pines which border the Aroos-took to the golden bedded streams of CarsonValley, will demand—is the belt, the wholeNEWS FROM WASHLNG1W.Movement Among the Republican* la Favor ef Squatter Sovereignty—Indian Oatrages In Tens— Jeff- Darte and Judge Dooglas-Returning Dele-gates from Charleston,ae*Oar Special Washlsgton Deapatch. WASHHTGIOX, Hay 0, I860.MOVFMINT A1£0.\C THERKJTBIIOASS IX FAVOR OFSQtTATTBB BorsaBaarr.Hon EU Thayer will to morrow make the attempt inthe House of Representatives to organize Arizona as aland district, to divide Utah between Nevada and Jefferson, and establish Nevada and Jefferson a n d Daootab a sland districts, a n d immediately admit delegates fromthose four land districts, thus recognizing the independentgovernments already existing In all these districts exceptDacotah. He hopes thus to get ahead of Douglas by re-cognising squatter sovereignty from the start. It is a has already taken place, I claim to be first on the list to rec d:) proceeded te the Pecheelee river, carried as ul-forgetting him out of the scrape so gallantly.organs of public opinion as the London Times a newspaper, to make it a mirror of theThe Bohemian passed April, 26th, the Kangaroo, from The Independence Beige states that the Couat of ayrajses New York, fifteen miles east of Cape Clear; 28th, the had written to Prince de Carigsan stating that he wtlof the old corrupt party organizations in the fight Germane to the same general subject is a others are paupers, and die when the hand ofCentral and Northern States will no doubt findthemselves in the same dilemma that now at- debate In the Imperial Parliament, in which charity is withheld.and chooseSenators,havelace represents the recent outrages on m e part of the In- diana on this route as unusually daring.ROBERT 1. WALKXB A VD THE OOTODB OOmCTTTKB. Robert J. WalVer will shortly appear again before the Covode Committee in connection with Kansas affairs.The object a to ascertain what members of the Cabinet are Implicated In the concoction of the Leoompton consti- tution Georgia and Mississippi being the States referred to in the President's letter as troublesome, their repre. sentatives are suspected.JSFF. DAVIS OS THB SLAVBBT QCSSTIOA'.Jeff. Davis has the floor in the Senate to morrow on the slavery resolutions, and will make his bid for the nomi-nation at Richmond. Douglas is expected to rejoin, and it is not improbable that some of the republican aspirants for the Chicago nomination may take a hand In the game.RBTTSSUra DKLSflATSS FROM CHAKIEJTOX.The city la full of returning delegates, the partisans of each ssndidate being nearly as g*«f"<»»* ** ever of thefinal success of their favorite.II possible, the feeling between the Douglas and antiDouglas men is more embittered than before the Conven- tion.News from Mexico. NEWOmixuis, May 6,1860.The schooner Emily Keith haa at rived from Vera Cruz, 27th ultThe liberals bad been victorious In several skirmishes.The reported return of ex President Comonfort caused excitement at the capital.WAgmiroToir, May 6, I860. The New Orleans Picayune, to hand by mall, containsdetails or Mexican news.as of no •aloe whatever. They contain nothing ihaa vng-u* prooutoa, mmi it la fait that Austrian proMinisters.with. It may lead to the gravest complica- tions. We have every confidence, however, in the wisdom of Congress, even fin, so delicate an affair as this, and we hope that the matter will be moved on without delay. We haveThe matter is too serious to be trifledposition In regard to the recent prize fight inEngland, will b e found in our paper this morning. Chicago ticket will divide and neutralize the the season. From this time till September, At the city of Mexico a specie condu sta of three millions ly to defend his coarse. He asserted that his first The Stock Exchange was dull, but qoctauons reaerallyskilfully awakened by the partisans of all. the Adriatic, Arago, Fulton, Persia and Van-The United States ships hontas were at Vera Cruz.Saratoga. Brook!vn All well oa board.a n dPoca-Under such influences the electoral vote of the Central States will be cast for the Chicago nominee, and thus his majority in the Electoral College will bo secured. This is the natural result of the divisions that are already beingderbilt cannot be excelled in any way. A good many of our people have more money than they know how to spend, others are thoroughly disgusted with, the flum- mery and cheap ''aristocracy" at our wateringThe steamer Metropolis, having during the winter un- students—go abroad for mental improvement dergone the most thorough overhauling, being furnished as well as relaxation. In this way we get with four new and superior boilers, new equipments, Be., Is now in the most complete order. She will resume rid of a good deal of our spare cash in Europe; her place on the line tomorrow, leaving this port in theThe steamship Jamestown, which arrived hereyesterday afternoon from Richmond, A c , brought effected in the conservative elements, by the places, and others—artiste, litterateurs and «wThe Full River Steamboat Line.« . FAU. Rrfaa,Mass., May MSSO,The discussion was thing doing, and the prices 94 1616 a 06 >; Indian Leas 106}„'. Shares were inactive, but paioas steady at abost the closing rates of yesterday. Canadian tt wSheet Mr. Massey announced that he would not persist in his change. French steady. Closing prices of consolsfor motion for referring the bill to a select committee money M*i a 04J,; for accocnt 94'« a 06, new three peron thetwocolored boys whowere offered for sale in Hampton Roads by Capt Brayley, of the BrlUsh schooner Alice Rodgers. They will be given inCharge of the British Consul to-day.A tohsfraphle report received Saturday from the Beam,gtvtng some aceoaat of Injury to the cotton plant*, tended to Impart seere steadtsess te the market The amies em braced about 1,200 a 1,400 bales, closuif oa the basis of 11>*'Q. a i l ^ c . (tor mWimtng upland*. D M market forBsate sad Western brands of near waa less buoyant and aetrve, and sosae ilsecirlpttena were five oasts per barrel tower. Soothers pbUa w a s also heavyaster tar ceasmes and mixed brands. Wheatdull a s d tower, while sales were lightOars was depressed asd cheaper; Westers mixedsoM atrt«. iTtt.; Jersey asd Souther* yellow at s i c a 82o.;choice at S3c., and aOsthers while at 83c. a M >»a Porkwas is better reqsest sad at Sneer rates; sew mess soldprobably not less than a million and a half or two millions a year are spent by tourists, to say nothing of the vast sums laid out by Americans who reside in Europe, and often outshine the aristocracy in equipages, fites, furniture and general surroundings. On the other hand, w e get from Europe but.few tourists—a stray lord or a sporting baronet here and there—but w e have what is better, a yearly shipment of bone and muscle, say seventy-five to a hundredevening for New Terk, and the latter port on Tuesday, on her return trip.The Editorial Excursion, dec. BALTWOU, May 6, 1860.The editorial excurtionists arrived here last evening. Their quarters are at the various hotels. They will go to Washington and Mount Vernon to-morrow.But few of the delegates to theConstltattonal Convention have y e t arrived.Salute in Honor of Judge Douglas. ST. Loins, May 6,1860.A salute of MS guns was fired here yesterday afternoon in honor of that number of delegates who voted for Mr Dooglas at Charleston.Murder in Albany.* -rv „ „ AUUHT, May «, 1800. A man named Thomas Halloran was stabbed twice lastimportant The funds opened firm at yesterday s improvement, with very little boeineas. In the share market tfaere is The frauds committed by W. 6. Pullinger, chief likewise nomovement of importance Business is alosest suspended. In the railway share market business m almost at s stand stiH, the setUenaent which will com- mence to-morrow befug awaited by speculators. In seve ral Instances prices are quoted abont one eighth of a coatprospect of several anti black republican candi- dates being presented for their supportWhat will next follow from such a result is the question that every man asks himself, and tha answer to which many affect to deride, butall anticipate with fear. From the fanatic zealof the Northern leaders and the determined at-titude of the South, it is evident that we areon the eve of the dissolution of the Union,The arguments of the Northern squatter sove-reignty advocates, that they cannot meet andovercome at home the black republican oppo-sition to slavery, is much more convincing tothe South than anything else, that it is not safein the Union, and must seek self preservation an average of a thousand dollars each, andasbill was resumed, but without action. adjourned till the 26th.at HT T»a SIT STX; old do. at 117 40 a $17 41, asd new out of it Influenced by this all-powerful sen- much more as a personal value, for a white night by Jobs McCotter, and from the effects of theerne* at 114 u * . Sugars were arm, asd the market waa n * a scare, ami alowd s4 a farther advance of \e. per B> , asaksaf taw whole advance on the week t safe* equal to about >,c per lb., asd from the toweat point of the avx week or torn days * c per lb.1,400 hhda., a ponwktorabls portion bavmgtiment, the Southern States will refuse to ac- knowledge the rule of a black republican Pre- sident and Congress, and they will inaugurate their Southern candidate, and call together their Southern Congress in a separate confede- racy. Every tie between the North and South haslaborer cannot be rated below the price of a negro. These hardy eons of the soil build our railroads, dig our canals, clear and improve our wild lands, swell our wheat, corn and gold crops, and raise large numbers of voters to pre- serve the Union and keep the Star-Spangled Banner right side up. They add i>ermanently to the actual prosperity of the country.wounds died at half past six this morning. McOotter arrested and folly committed on a charge of murder.Btaratwts.New OaxsAxa. Mar &1SS0Cotton-Sales to-day of 1,000 bales at irregmUr prices.ScTFT%Tingh^'£Uera ± » * * * + - TM cotton to Liverpool, 116.1thousand stout fellows, worth in cash and traps/commerce and the material relations of industry.The churches ate divided, the old national par-ties are all broken up, and a sectional contestbeginsthisyearatthepollswhoseultimatere-sults aw much nearer than the millions, intenton their own private affairs, have ever be- of which they would have bought here. There ed at the corner of South third and Brie streets, tookthey generally gain a great deal of valuable in-If notfatthe Union, then out of it, are oontroil- formation about little matters which go very contains 138 pews and the gallery 42, aad will accommo-I»fthe political organizations and leading the mMses blindly to the destruction of the Union anditbe rain of every tsawsasi that has grownfar to make life—which is, in this country, too date altogether about 1,000 persons. The basement,statedthat Austria,Rossis,a s dPrussiahadstrength.9nary common»n sense, and to tntt new of the I M . ^ *Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069( *SX£Zfifi^%&r%Jwk-Untitled DocumentOld World, and generally quite as patriotic,The news from the army operations in the interior are indefinite.The French and English are endeavoring to consummate a cessation of bostillties.tion. closed with firmness.In the House of Commons the debate upon the Reform Consols have been steady an morning, with little or s ecents333* a 93- . The proceedings in both Houses on the 24th were un- tFlour unchanged.thing done in bacon. Lard held at lQ>ic.unchanged fhrkdatt. Bacon oeJstl e r d d * *-a«h«*.** bzarymatMWhiskeyC?>U^d^ower*,JK,atThird Reformed Dutch church, which has just been erect-when completed, will be set apart for the Sunday school ngs, Bible class, k c t h e interior of the church n fi aad furnished in an elegant style. The entireagreed to the proposition that the contemplated Europeanpractical, cold and utilitarian—much pleasanter*In a few instances we may recognise the trothcf the couplet about the fool that was sent to aada dedicatory iervte»s were by the pastor, Bev C. L. posed of the followingJcontinues cold s a dat 6TVqa>elcount ofmeet meopposition, I demand andresign to me the belt, which he is not, according to the rules of the prize ring, entitled to retain. Hoping to receive a s answer from you before this week expires, stating your views in foil, I am, A c , & cinjuries received from according to them e , and cannot• no party to such teeatment, which verv offensive to the colony.t h e weather throughout Engtandwistry. Spring was vary backward, aad gave some utile anxiety regarding agricultural prospects.The steamship Oonnaufht, for the Galway line, was successfully launched at Newcastle on the 2Ut.Sir G. Clark la gaaetted Governor of Bombay vole nteer force engageo reaches 124.C00t h eAprlL, It wasTEX IAATBBT NABOBS.ijrsarooL, April «*-r- a.Cotton sales yesteeoey a n t to-day-St,000 "ekeJiO,*" on speculation and for export Markst firm a M v . and Bgaddhha; qualities sughtly heavier,Conference of France on the Swiss question shouldrulesclaim that heof manly•m i —called a '-Boy' I ought to be termel a "Baby," ifafter having come so far and not having got a settlement, Letters from Berlin state the arrangements for the Bas> I should be willing to relinquish my purpose tor a few stsn loan were believed to have been effected with Bariag good matured pats on the back and being tola I am a finsfeUow. I have received a great many anonymous letters,askingmeIfIamnotashamedofmyself,agreatfellowthey intended to call in the surgeon, to name the day be- fore which Sayers could not finish tee pending affair, will show m y position; and as Bell's Life has not published it, you will do me a great kindness in letting the English peo- ple hear what I have to say. If the late meeting Is not to be resumed, and the belt is not to come to m e for whatbroken out in Cabul.Canton despatches dated March 14, state that the rebelwttl b< ticketshaving been murdered in Yokohama without giving of fence.LATEST, VIA QUEENBTOWN. QcnsssTow>.April26,ltSSLATEST PKOM EXTWOABT.A letter from Peath says that toe new letters patent efemployes of the company should arrive. Captain Wal- if I have be*.n deprived through the effects of the Kmperor of Austria are regarded by the Hungarian*route,and twqoverlandboys, stealing mules and slaughtering the cattle of Sayers sufficient time to recover from certain Injuriesre- the company. Captain Wallace,commandant at Chad ceivedbyhim. Now,sir,while lam willingtoaccom-killing three menmodate him in any proper way, I must not be unmindful malies, make or unmake politicians, elect Con- to bury the dead and take charge of the effects uoUl the for them; and I put it to you as a man of honor, whetherclasses, who stuff the ballot boxes, rule the pri- bourne, sent his men out twenty five miles to the station of my own right. I also received injuries, bat I bargainedMADRID, April 26. In the House of Lords, on the 24th, the Marquis of Nor- The officio] gazette promulgates the Oonveatiaa between-s franc per sack There was assort sanB'T */ -4.admittance, one efieoted an ititle of King of Italy— ^ wuef London and Hope of Amsterdam, to the amountef 60,000,000 roubles. It was not known whether this was enttrelVanewloanorifthesumconsistediswheieoradisturbances were increasing throughout China.It was rumo.-ed at Shaaghae that the four vessels whishsheadto do good are never realised. opinisn of the national party.This is the unaaimoi*FRANCS.The Emperor has decided on two military expedltdes,which are to set out, one from Algeria end the other freu Bengal, to proceed to Timbuctoo, where they are to unit*.and 69afallow unchanged.in theletter of King Victor S a a aSraer steadyTea in good'de'mand at'lOs. 4d. a I t s 4>i*. *Loweow, April 24, lSW.U www.fultonhistory.com 