 sfififey**«w*.!!C•>• r-•au 4• atMlatea»£m m-aa>*iit*twa*•sVI *s l «lai t'J^at ' #jjV',9«!*ra.E athad paintersstotaace of the boas from the Betributtea and a party of her seamen to haul the tetegraph cable op the beech to the statiui house, the shore end waa landed, aad at two P. M aa Friday, notwithstanding 1HO*Vafi.teffor their support.A committee was appointed to visit the shop? of theproductive, and the trade lies ta its fruit The tefaahf- tanis are whites, without exception, fivteg on a nne ef keys, six or eight ta number, inside of wbtch and between fte stand to the harbor. Tbe plastatioas are all on tee aaain island. The in ha tetania of Utilla are,.aw .«ha*hit eotiem Francois te Brusys, aad that they ware residteg at New Ortoana, made a will by which she bequeathad 480,Mi0f. to be ateMad equally between them, and iathe event of their death, between their children or otherheirs, tekaeqaetetry s t e waa informed by one of the Matdo Brucye, that only three, not four, of the children efFranoato wore trvtasj; teat awawrtthatanvdtesr tote t b a n tnew will, made the 10th of August, 18&8, toft IOC,oacx. to'• each af the four" children of Francois, or to their re twenty live cents weekly, and as much more as possible,which tested the whole of one afhwnoon—perbap teate futoie bstoortan ef Hasten may rotate these teste and duly chronicle them.r• f l y 1.MO. Seymours gain in the above towns to 2,640; been influenced by the bosses to give in their UAmes ai when the Imperador anchored at Muscat at noon on the this meeting as having acceded to the demand. 17tb. showing the risk that attend these enormous outlaysBuckingham'a pa* • ealy 444.fihrrspur's Mt gain, 2,093 This assertion waa followed by a rather stormy time of money. The snore sad of the cable waa landed atJlllie Ailie, a small cove between taro hula at the west end ef the town, aad the bjate from her Majesty's s h i p R?- ribution and Cyclop, and the Indian navy men-of war, Semrramto, Falkland, and Fdpbinatone, attended on the occasion, aad p v « three heart/ cheers when the end waanevertheless the case. Democratic pottticiana, wbo aredodging about ta the thira bouse, are glad to gat tbaar The bili to establish the grade of the Ftstbash even leI' ng of tho will it af the testatrix to give 400,toofto the children ef her toateaaTa taenia whether they were three or hmr. It accordingly orderedU>bepaidtorwsarabart grteea curioua aoeouatof mtly made at the mint of that city for the purpose ef aatattjawatej the snannarative toaa by ordi-proof of sympathy.A mass meeting of the cabinet makers will be held atHamronia Garden, Essex street, this evening.Itnperaturc of ttee Week.The anneied tabic shows the terapemtore of theAtmosphere te this city daring the week endingsaid wharves.A number of bilto were reported from the committee-.but nose of any importance.One of the numerous claim bills was atoo killed by thewsya been barmonious aad ^watoly. Jteyexpsaa aotear whatever regardteg the safety of *5*t f*T£S2j 1think it likely that their taxes eill be rateed sosnts under the new pvernment Larp pteamttens ars being made here, and toe fatnre reospeoto of this kttead are mo« encouraging A aetttoaneat to t w Mt eeerse of tar-rf •**?-** " -"•--efface ""^ nr5'Jmt!r *-— star* to *e*e •THECOHECTICin ELECTIOI. OUB SPECIAL HAETFORD DESPATCH.Hartford a Ibis eveatag the seeae of the BUM off with 1*T-r aert ef the Stew. •"[. Ml thS* *"* •«*"••it^j|r?. JJTiuck tawT^ma^** amy «»o f f l c lI n s i d elieam VailshB TallT ollleg,OCB 0TWC1A1 AXhAKT DaSTATCH.AIAAXT, April 2,1800. The legtatattre machine commoacod te npstation thatmoraiag with a ante attendance. Many of thehaving sought the atmosphere of ether localities to spend Sunday,were act on head ta ease to commence their la- bors with the commencement af the session. The lobby atoo toft the field ef action on Saturday for your city, where they were to finish their privateprepare for the next two weeks battle.One of the main operations of this appendage to Legislature just sow to the arrangement ef the fends ior ttie republican party to carry on their Presidential cam-paign this year. It may seem singular to the unsophisticated Tammany politician, wbo fights the republicans onprinciple, to learn that hto associates are among toe largesteeattibutors to me republican campaign fund; but such to* * S l !!*•*» e ttlcsai extertooe *T*3 ••••*" *******««•••,emo,*»TM^J2suji•(•••V " _ MJTm•MMar4wBB*eBS*IBfl aHWSsOtSBm W- ZZ^t aad a to the *aty •» eeery ass •*_^-T__ ^rtva*"** •^,r^rT«ft»«Id ik«**D*"** tXL",t' ^ j ^ r ^ ^ l r t S r a Wala«ry «t*L| igMiHil ••lore.$»« petty Jury *w,-^!!LvYadtaornedtowri *netey" " ° » yKirs fits m ncific.As^wealaaRAMFeAsaeoo, March 11—M M. Itearrrvsto. Salted aa One W h thip Ianry M M terthis city was held at MBltary Hall, at the Bowery, nearrenmg. Tho meeting cam* to order Bhaw tTt er M I awawaa\B*wt HsTn* 1wLw*wBsawBTl Bowsea ewswaWwYwaawate^to^—FaawTvatf IA?*!earn seta* ready **•* 'wtoaeartaajoorssaMr BABKXA arose and Mated that he bad the pleasureof being connected with that body. He had come overlaths present meeting for the purpose of hearing to whatdetermtealten they would corns and report thereon to count of the great depth ef water. Here the Cyclops h* brethren m Brooklyn. He boped those present wouldtske a firm shad ta regard to the strike, ami the paintersof Brooklyn would no-, hesitate to join the movement withall their heart (Aajteata.)atua*Mr W. 8. lay tor, a ratable •aatehaaH.baajaatbam a »e» lo tae waahoe miaaa. Ha iaJaraaa the 4MB iaoo Seagate at Virginia CSty,ithey ooaM get, akeeneu on tears and inTBI HOVSK PAINTBBS OF BROOKLYN.A small number of the bouse painters of Brooklynassembled mat evening at Martin's Hotel, ta liberty street, •erks of tests and an axpnaovnt on eight miles more ca- ble without a satisfactory result, it was resolved to cut(or the purpose of forming an organisation for mutual the cable and return eigh. mites on the uns, when the badA ATJUXT, April 2, 1800.A targe number Of remonstrances from diflbrent parts of me country were pretested agatett the Insolvent bili.pays 46 ,aao to aha tan,richer aa they go deep punts of thiePainters." this confederation to be subdivided into marines waa landed from the Cyclop until a detachment scme Increase orer last year. Thai result insures a re- bands, each band to be designated by a number and an of sepoys could be sent from Aden to protect the peopleday The'saarhat la .trade to without jnprovenwnt, and the dty trade bayantil thai ara ooanpeUad to do ao.Eiaht ttsiidings were dasuoyod by fire at ffhaata aa thelath Loas »16,«».A biwoTnahta anaaaia frosa Trotea hn»a»ght. anas thatithree othersJaaftaaavUio. Ovagan. have arrrrad at Trakn, m rmtt lor Athatlc 3tates A Tettg* of afcawat ao&d gold bna boon faandon thow aonaa. wr-nty tost below aba Burthen Tho- masOsiwoga w«a ufi^rod ado^aafar has arm laaaroaCbat nrased it, anjmg that tho waatth of theosaid not tempt him to sell it.Iowa*, ad, who died atwhich'mJao af ano'of m memhors^-of saw who was ^^jB_fc^B_ a^a^P%V HMMBI (*JfiJBBBBBBBBSssVaB\al staafVasstaBBBBaV asO ssflB IteBBresd, fhat tie Bjord will aaiial tho faaaral rnaa thaajaaamm ilastha s» the aJoptwo of theof Kow York and a director of the P» ty. Hat fanaral takes phase at taroP. K , on Woaweartng, from traaa ahawah.reference to tbe treaty between Great Brimta and Hon duras, by which the Bay Islands ate to be placed under the direct jurtodictKm of the totter government At that petted nothing definite was known regarding the treaty,of old Pro- too teat Ha arriTed to* RCAXAS, Marsh 11, I860. In my last communication to you from m e place I in-M M*\i,has, A uunoi to to ae 8M teat b*tw<•uahg paMea. and will go ander Tlrgmm Oty. ftua ao-asaat > aaaaaaarod by tha 4Jai CWa/brasoM aa aalaraly hardest fought battled n w witaeated hi this State.weuiu gradually extend itself ao aa to include ail trades any of the Arabs trom uie mainland, who, it to repjrted, rod professions, each datinct in themselves, vet forming make an occasional hahtag and plundering excursion toWeed, and thereby prevent the passage of sny biii. But Mr. CtLjjrrrr (i-m ) moved to take from the table the such has cot been the result. Tne hasty action of the do- etitioc of the citizens ot Brooklyn, asking for tee usnr AipheusBoU.absnker.isaowattbeW)The cable was tended on the 30th in Northwest Bay, and the Imperador joined on the 1st of February from• s «nat* to a friendastoitowa;—"Mr Mnxss (rep ) opposed the motion, sed a waa lost Mr CAIXHTVT raked a pout of order, that the petitionkaaffM mmvaUsy Bee pant weak forThe city railroad projects are not the only astaaareethat are to be tolled aa they peas through the Albany macbine for the republican election fund. The ferry mmop l y , me Harbor Masters' bill, which increases the feetthereof, the new Police hiU, are each ta me tame eategory. Tbe ferry monopoly and toe railroads are the onlybuto te the above list that pay in advance; the others areto p y a p r centum during me summer out of the ran 1 dollars by tax for schools.of the several departments, all of which only ahows to To amend the charter of tee Washington Insurance what use the Legelature to put BiUs are passed for Company of Mew York.are fomad, and that too ncheat ef ara,a>fifty throay«storcay The t i e tas tairtyaet fio^and aothJag oann n t e a tskip Hanixnandat'. aaa Maod Hopo, ali asm CSaxaataa, bom AuairaM,So. 1Iat 16)43-a 17cLitehBe id aadyear. The few returns wow aaattaaa show republicanp v e S B awtaocratic majority laat year , aad aww Mt seven vtowns fho domoerata gaia 106.aovaasoaa.coooouuice on tho aahjaet of too death of despatch has been announced.It was then unanimously resolved that at the meeting of the society on Thursday next, an assessment should bea* sua aoAjas •)# m of Ian -iarreinora haht aat. all there-The ant intelligence was very favorable to Abo demo- anas, which mate the anh Douglas men swear, fearing that would claim the election aad thereby secure hatwno from his youth has handled toe lance, with which trom tbe humble shepherd boy he raised himself to the beloved chieftain of a nation, must have suffered much at stting the cause he towed to well decided w ithout having per sot. ally contributed toward the victory. Let him know, for hto eternal consolation, that if fcis hands nave sot borne tbe banner, it waa carried by the hands of hewas there lore of the opinion that me Central Railro&i owed me Suite tolls upon all freight carried. the same mat would have been collected if the tew had sot been re pealed. The opinion of the Attorney General highly pleases the friends of toiling railroads.lhe Tolling Conferenjs Committee have not come tosides, it to well known that mmany taataaasathe toads theyoccupy wore formerly grants iasaed by the Ben dares gov eminent, and those grants have sever been transferred by me original owners, consequently tbey fear for the safety of their property. There can be ao doubt that ater the :a*;3,cationcf the treaty, a lose time will be occupied bevictory. Them me « y to m which me figures oe the Bute ticketFifty eight towns hare bean Seymour majorities of 3,17»,1,310. Seymour a nmjortty overi m, they areTho Pasaaanwf called for reports fram those shops to which the required advaaoe was given, and sixteen shop were mentioned.jataed.having beentespatafcedfrom KarTachee oa me 4th to tun a second hue of soundings to Muscat, the result of which waa rather dtoadvantageoua to tho laying of tbe cable, aa the greatest depth ascertained this time reached only 1,097 fathoms, or two nautical mike; therefore Mr. Newell, theowner,decided to take hto course between the two hues of soundings, and the expedition atartod agata at eight o d o ; k the foliowing morning From Ras Snwan to Muscat me cable was most successfully p y e d out at the rate of seven miies aa boat; and ta the deepest water theAMAST, April«, the AUanat Dock Qsmpasy'tof Bepamnuhros, and A at aaad, aans, of latter report at, howerer, uncertainp m two Senators from Now HavenTheThe latter aaid the republicans are raapoaefbte far tbe law, and sheaM eat leave she tares ta th* hands of ma "encocrate. He claimed, if the hiil passed, thai, the re publican vets in the city w01 be tanrsesstt twenty thou sand.The rote af 1849 was about 79,400.of the places that far heard from isthat ef laat year 2,900 wataa, The pahahai numher of votes oast In tho State, therefore, cannot bo h a than 34,K0. A l p a m e f j h e State will probably not be board from and the precise resolt known before to-morrow af- ternoon.ADDITIONAL RETURNS.liueroan, April 3—i At H.Hartford, Ne» HaTea, Tolland, New London and "Windham comities gfro Buckingham 1J00 majority. Has re-Practical House Painters Association was then proceeded with,after which the meeting waa addressed by severalments and the elect* ici*ue.All arraagosaeniahaving been completed, and tbe shoreend o; the cable Ur the next station landed, th- Retribu-The bill waa then recommitted to tbe femraittse of the Whole, and made the special order for to-asorrow evening.Adjourned.Ibe Insolvent tall came down from the Senate.Mr. MILUKS* (rep> moved to relar it back to be reTbe Attorney General seat ta a oommeniehttou ta reply to the inquiries of the Assembly as togas opntoaea tho constitutioaaltoy ef the repeal ef the rstiroad tolls af 1047. Tbe i resent Attorney General differs from hto erodeNaw HATmt, April 3 - 2 A M. Eighteen tenant at UBIIBIIII aaajaty glin Hfl laaimaaaiki majoray. The other towns Matyear pve 102 republicana grand whole, and acting as one man on any importantAfter this explanation, those assembled proceeded toelect a president, secretary and treasurer—ibeir office to Muscat. Tho Impratrw was engaged on the te aad 8d continue until the 16th of April. Onballotung, Mr. Albert ta coiling on board from the Imperador sufficient cable to Van Neatrand waa unanimously chosen Preautent, Mr. compteto the line to the junction of the wire 240P- aebmett of Ju'-ge Culver upon sworn charges of saal- ieai-si.ee ta rffice, made against him.majority. NewHnraajortty. HawLoadoa"fot the House bill, were so badly frtghened by theaQtionoitoe Senate, mat they at once came to terms, the result otwhich will be the passage of everything te the shape ocity railroads tnat e brought up. If the paoyerty holder*aand any more agents, I would advtea tbeaa to send thosethat can aee further ahead than their noses, or else theirinterestsstandasmallchanceofbeingprotectedwhen Onetoi (theactaaaaastatagthe efagri attacked by tbe Albany tabby.perry of the State Agricultural Society.Recess till seven P. M.The following bills were paaaed —In relation to bale hay aad hay scaiet.To authorize the city of Rochester to raise tsn thousasijoriry.wTaalaaai uaaaV aoamlete, 1,116 rapnbbcnn majority. Fauteidooonty.earht towns, 1 « republican majority,It wfll probably ha 000.cultural and!To release the first tea ef State mortgage aa the proToUandaaaaassap v a402 saajoniy banboss builders ta this city, who had been notified a month Alen one and early an she morning of the 10th the Im•ince that it waa tho intention of the journeyman brick perador left to cut and tost the cable at twenty miles dis-layers to demand S2 per day on and after the 2d of April. tance, within whici portion she found the Saw, and atThere are about fifteen hundred bricklayers ta this city, once buoyed the aad and ptcxed up the defec- eleven hundred of whom are members of the Union. tive part, joining again oe tits following forenoon.The meeting was called to order by Mr. William In the evenmg the vi;teals weighed, aad the ImperadorIIjit, Prestoent of, the Society; he said the oojeci ran the twenty mites of new cable towards Aden, which waa tested on each side, and spliced about six o'clock onNEWYORK •HERALD, TUESDAY, aoartmoor «w TOM-OMAT KrTHcaiiaii-aPiicHjBAPRIL 3, 1860.-TRIPLELATTJS8 TMB nTjaaUIUWa OAAXa AN* ADBW.[From the London Ulottrated Newt, March 17 ] The sqaadron engaged tot toying the submarine cabltween Kurrachee and Aden—composed of•hips Retribution, Commodore KdgeJJ, Cyclop, Cap. Pul- kn, with the screw steamawto Imperador, Captam Atkrna.SHEET.HW8 FROI THE STATE CAPiTAL078600 republican maWilliam H. Stanley Secretary, aad Mr Alfred J. HadgndhTreasurer. On anstton, Albert Van Nostrsnd, Alfred J.Hodgson and William H. Stanley were apoointea a committee autnoriaed to pobhah and circulate noucea of a toy the teat line ot cable, ateaming along tho shore ofThe SraAKxa rutod that tbe point was not wen taken, raemuch as the time to rates the point waa when the p -by theaf Mr. P. Kaaay to the chair. Mr. ad on the 11th of January toot by the Imperatra, Qapt I secretary. Tho President, oa Sharp, from Galte, began Baser epmsatene. Cm she Uthof January the Imperador moved m shore, a short eto ,—«.theobject(Orwhichthemeeting lancetothewestwardofMaoraPoint,aad,whhtheat, vat: to ascertain tho reeling df tho house-eJty in regard to a strike far tv> dollars He read aa advert*Km«mt from tho morning BntAU), containing aa announcement of tho meeting todate., date.par day.be held in Brooklyn of the aawaaaaaatsrs of that pmoo, by almost Immediate eomnwameation ear valuabtopassesand tho aattatasat waa received with great appjaaee. Upon asking whether any member of the Brooklyn saso- cauksn was present,stone te the test with ffagtoad waa oammoacod. The Im peradcr, with the cable, and Imperatrix. led by the Retri- bution, left Kurracbee and steamed along the coast ef Beloechiaian to Raaburwaa, where the vessels anchored on a bask about ten miles off shore, while a contultatrm was held aa to tbe beet rente thence to Muscat, on ac-Mr. MctLVAnr* won afraid that some of those who hadmade these reports ware not vary * tnct m their adherenceto the truth, because be well know that, in one ahopwhere it waa reported the advance had been given, such •train was to great on the drumwheel, which had fire was not the faat He feared that the painters had turns of cable on it, that act a tingle spoke waa soundtheatlttoi forThe bttl to prevent frauds at to a third readirg.sales'The President succeed d in bringing them to order by in- "roductsjtbiila through the J>gtoteture by adding to tne republican campaign fund. Weed steads here as toe great teonetai 3xBt, the State collector of the party, aad demands toil ot1 measures that are supposed to nave money ta mem. and me aide that paya the largest toil to sure to receiveThe targets Seymour majorities than Car reported areaa fellows —New Haves, 700; fast arm- laat year, 800Hartford, 470, gala 441. MldilalBBB, 296; gam 140. -*n«B for labor. It waa also necessary, ho said, to have&i nion that would protect and defend the rig its of labor,Portland, STO; gala 147. Bridgeport 07; gam 161. Green atd he counselled those present to join h*art and hand In age the squadron had a strong northerly breeze and athe movement for that purpose. benvy sea running into the harbor, which ob iged the with, 80 gain 41, Waterbury, 134; gam49. A gentleaMn, a cotter in a clothing establishment, fol- Retribution to slip and put to tea. The Imperador. tyinglowed. Bis name to supurasaed by request. He said outatee, waa partly sheltered from the wind and ta tofera there was a war commencing between labor and bly emooth water, but, owing to the course of testing theMbrwleh (hta risilaam), 147; asm from laat year, 110. capital. He had been opposed to strikes, because cable to ensure perfection, tiiay had not yet spliced the str.kfs never origkuted rght'.y, aad consequently shore end to the sea oart, and the necessary veering of, 137, gam 24. Wotharateld, 86 , gain 19. failed in their object. A grand movement was the ship's cable and totting go of stern bawaera in a limitedMr SCTHXBXASO, who aid reeled the meeting in a short sp« sen m which he showed the necessity of full remune104; loas M. Wtndham, M; gain 47. Nor already tot on feat In this country for the benefit r of the rights off labor. He alluded ta tho Lyaa,140; lata 7S. Plymonth, 123; gain 48. Tho repub- strikes, and hoped that their noble example would be im-e had drawn the shorn end of tbe wire from tho beach,fluttering amongst the orthodox whig republicans, aa weiiaa their Tammany associates, wbo were about namingover the tolls for the six gridirons of the House, and supposed mat Weeds order was good, set only in the locksof the Assembly, hut also ta me Senate ana third bouse a political tsaswAss of the pohoa faros. During 1efore a second procession ol"the boats of the men of p i n m prmopally in the rural towns, while that of tated. Although he belonged to a different trade from war took place at- nine o'clock on Sunday evening, the tbose present, be took eanbiderablo interest mttaeir more- z9d, and the cable waa spin placed ta position, amidst aMr 8HHOAA spoke at swages against the atleaap taithe ilasminan h at Baa manataetortag ettlaa and towns About nmety towns are yet to be heard from, woJca will probably dtmsUsh the majority of Seymour, and ren-der the rsautt ejwediagly doobtfuiThe rspubUcaas have elected a majority of theUKat, hi oroer that l%pfhight guile him in futnre. He hoped to tee the various trades united, and oae common imk of feeling oinoing them all together. They might ibea elect delegates to a grand national convention from •U parts cf the United States, where tho grievances of <>ech parttoular peaatntsa might be made known, aad measures taken to secure redress, .such aa asaociatloo would onlj ba e the more power from Ms being ao ex leaded The spasker concluded hie remarks whh a few practical bints to regard to the objects of tho great labor movement now on foot, and took hto seat amid great ap- plause.shower of rockets ana niing of guns ana blue lights from the Imperador and ImperatrizAt an interview with tho Imaum of Muscat his Highness exprtuee himself well picseed wita. having the cable landed in his uuminions, atoo the beneti>s tnat they would derive trom beisg in immediate commuaiuaiion with lntte, aid that he woulu p y great attention to the safety of the aire, and regard It as part of hto oeu body.The Cyclop parte i casnpany on the 10th, taking Mr. Forde, civil engineer, attached to the Red Sea Company, to Blitem, tur tne purpose of deeui-ig whicn pwt of the attend was beat suited tor landing inn cable, and also toThe Napoleonic move of Law baa, it e said, reduced tbecampaign fund, which must be saade up an sosnaunegelse. The action of tbe ttouete was a tort of repu iiaucoof tb J supreme authority of the republican State CeltoctarIt btiag the first attempt for repudiation thie season, as amatter of course a wonderful howl was eat up in ever}direction, aad onto was tuenced by the summary dis-posal of me gridtrw in tbe House Although Law's billwaa killed by the House, it wss at once seen that teepo*er of Weed ta taa« Senate had vantohad, and beforeanother atep could be taken "Live Oix" had got to besatisfied in some form or else there wss no hope of therebeing sny republican railroad campaign fund. The Se-nate tost year deposed or three railroads in abort order,toe same result most ha avoided this year, for there aretoo many big stakes to r-'aeu in tbe election of Presidentthe year. Tbe defeat of the railroads will he tantamountto the defeat of Seward, should be be nominated at Chieego. It was, therefore, an easy matter for Law, arwrbe had once shown h e power , to obtain a compro-mise, the terms ei whseh can readily be aeon aycomparing tbe names of the incorporators aent you wahiboee of the big grwrrxi, and p'acmg alongside of it theb:ii ic confirm tbe Ninth Av<*aue grant The is the com-promise as it appears on the suriace, or rather tae arti-CHKot'agreement tumehed to the public. Like every-'hmg else, however, there ia an inner and outer Ufe,~theiBBt-r life by far the moot important. Tne precise sumtlai has gone into tbe republican election fund to not ported complete. Last Unoan at present, nei;ber e it fully decided. The Senatehas not acted upon the bill yet, and the contingent ex penses bsve not been footed up. There to no doubt of the ret uh ol theie bills in the Senate; noses have been counted. snd it w as>xrtained for certair that tbey will go throughThe inMtoaton of new members into the New York erect the huta in readiness for tue reception of the instru-A motion to strike out the enacting clause was test—10 to 17—Mctsra. Manatorre aad HUlhouae (ropubteaas) voting ta the affirmative.ipealtera until its adjournment, g'ieat enthusiasm.about teno d d c * ,amidtion Ultttix t h etwtmy miles close along the tend, the Imoeratrte siopped on account of soaee alight deiect in the cabie, and, after aprotection and assistance.Some two weeks ago they issued a call for a generalpart waa cut out and the end passea to the Imperaior, which bad jtHU'-'d the squtirun from Mo>ca'. to pick up, Wfien the cable was spueed and tiie commajication prostrike, signed by over two hundred names. The call was ncunctd perfect the lmprsdor returned ta Muscat, andwell responded to, but tbey felt the seed of some regular organisation It waa accordingly determined- to hold a •Meting for the purpose of iorming sojno^jacn urganiia uon—the time and place to be made known by ad vertrte- ment. Owktg toaa unavoidable delay in the insertion of the notice, the meeting held tost evening wss not so gene-the expedition aga.n ater <ed on their course tu Hiiiani, where tbey anchorei on the 2&h.Biilam, one of the Ksoria Mooria group, is a barren eland, compose., of giaaate and Urnest-me, situated twenty mites south oi the coistot Arabia, and disuot 480 from Mmcat, and is a most cesuii»:e spot for any E'iropeaa toturns of Middlesex, Fsirfleld and Liachfleld eoaaasat will rally known an would have otherwise been the case, be steuoneu at. There are a few natives living on theat least, so tay the frends of the measure, bom in and cesBots, to whom similar inquiries have been a1dressed, out of the Senate. No one bas the preaampion to doubti Mat atyte. Ha want down 1M not vary the result a groat deal. Buckingham ia elected which accounted for the comparatively small attendance. island, whose only meant of subsistence to fish, and who Mr. WILLUM H- BrAKusv explained at length tne oojeet are glad tc beg a uriiljig quantity of bread or biacult fromtheir statements. My prediction to that these buto anllre ceive nineteen votes.At the time '.ha'. Law and associates were concocting their mammoth bill, certain parties were here from your city, as representatives of property holders, wbo favoredas well as from the legislature ef 1847 and its t e e presiding officers, aad arguet that the repeal of th-; bill was a two thirds bill.Tbe Attorney General's communication further argues against the constrtutionajity of tbe bill repeater tae totto on railroads, oa me ground that H diverts me public re>without doubt, and both branehaa of the Loajaassnam are and purposes of the meeting. The design was to form aa the crews of the boats who frequently come lor water association of painters throughout tho cointry, to be trom the merchant vessels whicn visit the neighboringtan faat wUm. The a n repnbttena by decided aaajerums, tho House by a hand- united under tho name* of "rue Confederated American e and Jibblte during tne guano season A guard of ninepoeral strike aa the loth of April. The demands of this strike were stated to bo—two dollars a day, and a Mats tun of work at 4 P. M on Saturdays.It was determined to hold another meeting some time ttsrtog the week, and a general meeting on Monday even- ing next, after which an adjournment was carriedMXBTDiG OF TBX BBICaXATSSB OF KKW YORK.A meeting of the Bricklayers Society took place teatnight, fcr'the purpose of receiving the reporw from theArabia to Baa el Hammer at.the apeed of seven and a half knotaae hour.The Imperador proceeded to pick up the Aden end ready for the Imperatin to receive on board and tost, and on her arrival at three P. M. on the Sth it was placed in connection with tbe eateries, and a reply to the signal immediately received from Aden.The whole of the following day the testing of the cable was continued, to endaaver to ascertain as near as posse bie the position of a sJtghi detect which exiated eo themem one to ken money to the Antwerp literary hwSSssto ii* n?fer*?cce to 1 University of Mew York.mostly m hftddwaown. The rawarning seven towns, it of the moating whe, Oral to receive reports Sunday evening, the 13th, when the squadron proceededfrom the different^ bosses, and then take at once with all despatch to Aden, where they anchored on mestimated, wiO sjsAe Ssyaktar'a majority to the county such action aa shall be deemed necessary to compel the aight of tbe 13th, and the next day. at eight o'clock,The Assembly thaimaking three Beaetaea a day—toe morning session commtneing at nine o'clock, toe afternoon session at tOi.rand the evening at seven. Ton will therefore see in••*.arrangements have been made to work the balance of mesession; and it to m e baste that makes the tegtoiatundangerous,as thoee measures that would not boar veatiHtion have been quietly covered up until this time, fir taeexpress purpose of smuggling through. Tbe Lectolstu«v. formed yoa of the excitemeat wbteh pspvaited here in340.The Howas Is republican by nearly two thirds.The Senate, by returns aad estimates, stands IS repub- licans to &aaaaoeraat.If the towns to bo heard from eosno ia tho same sa butt year, Buckingham, republican, will he elected by about 1,000 majorityTHE EXCITEMENT IN WASHINGTON.other basses to come into their terms. Beports were then received from eighty Ave of the boas brieslayers, only thirty Ave of whom are willing to give the advance de- manded^—42 per day.It was then moved and seconded that all the members of this society whose bcassa have not given the advance demanded, do not go to work agate until the advance to given.The motion was uarried unanimously.the tahabttanta of the point at Aden and the shipping in the harbor saw the veasels of the squadron dress with flag*, and, with the battery on ahore, aa well as hto Impe- rial Majesty 'a frigate l a OordeUere, pour forth a aaluta Uon of twenty one guns in announcement of the successful termination ot the great work ta these seas.The distance of the line of cable from Kursacboe to Mus- cat to about 400 mites, from Muscat to Hiiiani 400, and ihenoe to the junction ef the ca Me at Ras Ehelb 480, mak- ing a total of about 1,720 miles to Aden, through which aLater from the stay Islands. [Correspondence of the Nee Orleans Picayune.]April 2, 1860. Tho greateat excitement prevails bore to night on thepower to repeal it The communication to a tengtny one, in which he reviews me different legal atep taken in the State in regard to her canals and railroads, but Bummed up me wnole matter te me fact that when the State loaned ber credit for the purpose of raising funds for the completion of the public works she pledged ah ot ber canal revenue. This pledge was not only made to the purchasers of bonds, bnt to toe taxpayers, and aa me to..s on railroads were part of me revenue thus pledged, me Legislature.could not, in hto opinion repeal the act anto inink mat their interests will not be materally changed. But » bile tbey endeavor to appear but little apprehensive of any ill (fleets to themselves growing out cf tbe ratilca t»n of me treaty, they are neveiihatess fllted with da satisfaction and alarm. And, indeed, to one arrqTata ted a ith Ruataa aflaira, they are not altogether without causefor alarm, it cannot be dented that tbe " " u ^ ^ of the colored portion of the inhabitants of m e attend, presum- ing on the protection which the British flag afforded them baa P e n overbearing aad insolent to the Honduraa Span tarda with whom they have had dealings, and they haveto bo prudent at Chicago.rived at Port McDonald from one of the Honduras ports, . >aueu with ooooanuu, seat having on board, aa k bap pened, the commandant of the place from which ahaWimoaion,pie te between that place and Kurrachee. £ • £Recall of General Pa.ei~-Pa.cifiea.tion ef tl»e R e p t s b l t c eaT V t n e t u e l a . [Translated lor the Mow York Herald from the Heraldo, of Caracas. Feb. 25 ]It seems that the Vice President of the Republic has re- called the illustrious citizen to the bosom of our country. Painful, indeed, must it have been to that venerable pa- triot to view from afar so bloody a struggle, without theThree cheers were then given for the press, aad three power to help us save by hto prayers ana his hopes. Herotmbew of the society , should commence work on that fhsaaaabsmt election. The telegraph office baa been tilled job, he should be wacneu to deatot; but let no violence beall the evening with republicans and democrats to teamthe result, aad greater interest was never manifested atthe dose of a national election than hat beeo at every. made tor the support of those wbo are on the strike.at Charleston.flavor of republicanism, and the swearing changed fromanti Pouglaa to tho Douglas men, who considered the Lit- ten dollars per week—averaging aoout six dollars—fromGradually tho tide turned Incity, the most ol whom are (..ermans, declared a strikeon account of the refusal of their employers to friends, bearing upon it the imprest of hto principles-any agreement yet, althougn they have bad freqieatsessions. At their meeting on Saturday evening '.hey tore the affair! of Raaian will be permanently aettted.•ma I t s an a.te Braeya, widow of tho admiral of thatshe canted to be instituted, that the sole surviving of her husband'» family were four children ofno need oi a toll bill.Tbe Bouse Committee reported a large number of biltomis morning, bom from me staadiog and select commit- tees—a lew of Importance, but mostly local county bills forming road districts, insuring tcboolhoutss, fee Among those reported complete and ordered to a third reading e me railroad bill for South and West streets, which now takes its place with tbe rest; ae» a bsl to authorise the Board of Supervtoors of Kings county to build a court- hsuse, which was ordered to a thirl reading.How, after having assisted themselves that the cocoa nuts were neither cannon balls nor bomb anelto ta dta guise, the retreat waa called aal theorder; and how the galtaat crew enjoyed aspistlii children aad hairs, sad directed that if either oftne "four'' should dta without children, his legweyshould go in equal portions to the other three. Mam. doBrusys died in March, 1840. ruder the will, the three 11. Retaiaador, Louis tichraid, t Roland and T. Mayer, MM do Brueys clauaod 4sC,00Of , hut M. te Foatareahea, officers of the association who were elected yesterday,con naiaflfl residuary legatee of the deceased were oroered to receive the money thus collected, ana that at only three not four children of Francois any tbaf might be banded in. Mr. Seymaun, tue Secre- living when the will waa made, tbey were eery en tary of the Cabinet makers' Association made aa address, titled to atW.OtOf. Aa action waa brought yesterday be- which was loudly applauded, stating the circumstances oftore the Civil Tribunal ta swvowate ssawaatton teatted; tbe strike, and thanking the meeting for this substantialor aeves buto this morning, three of mem being the meor- poration of savings banks. The bill to provide for me completion of sections 30 and U of me Oswego canal was also passed.nary wear of jjold and tilver coin. It appears, contrary March 31, the range of the barometer and ther-to the generally received opinion, that gold weara away mometer, the vartauon of wind enrreats, and the " were as follows —af gold half MapartsIt, and as much ef ail state of the weather at three periods daring eachventilation of the Assembly chamber. The persons won Eastern Harbor; and a most excellent harbor it to. This arranged the ventilation of the House should build one •stand abounds ta timber of dttereat Haste, aadmore ball and then be placed ta purgatory Tnere never r ! T s w i specimens which 1saw I 'was a hall that bas been ao badly arranged in the respct of ;t would be very valuable forsa that In an hour after the members aasemote toe at having a etose, fine grain, end capable or theBiosphere to oppressive, and almost every praon PTMeen*. afulpoitoh. At hasten there to at griaiBl a great tear feels the baa effect of it Two sessions would beeoougn :itv ef fruit, vessels finding tt rmpassBito to SB ttaetrofaboutMasansaeetna—wereputinto •_Uflil Ilk• cnarna, which were nop four hours coatmuoatly. It waa then fsund. mg the coma, that the pad eneaa had Mat M thito the stiver coma had Mat only 34of gold pteoatwaa M per to grantor tok moat, however, usiay,via:at9A.ML,and3and9o'clockP.M.:—to ruin the wrongest constitution. ..__ ^ Mr Butler ot Warren county, is quietly paffll•s,meritorious bill approptattsg toe ^^LT^^SZvZopening and «**TM?2f,} Lm^wardTof fifty nwtes ofcounty. which if passed wULopen °Pw!_aJLfe8 J {armingread, and will bringinto "££*£££ £Z^enuZtendsultimately,adding alarge •"~"^eB"'cwm0ef CMnof the State in the *^°h J?f%p^>oted ever 0100,000preingmen^J^arT^to^otner portionsof theIs^^sd'th^^TtaTfrwpW •* -WThTtrilm. theyoreara The scarchy ta owtag to the fcajary aaswasaed by ae crops a the heavy floods ef me early pawl of the winrer. There will, however, be an abaaHaute ef eadyior cutting early ta May. Ias late as tte Tm, bat there to interesting!being ta awhich has for Indians a still ever .Mr. Tmontt CartAOu said thie had been the first strike message of forty words can at present be tent and an an-of the bricklayers since she} had boon an organized body, swer received in ten aninutes.sod wished it to be conducted in a business like manner. A message was received from Alexandria on Wednes-session has been the presentation of a tengtby oommunicanon from me Attorney General upon me coostita and implicit faith was not bad in the rumor, aunaequent-connected with the day, the great undertaking ofsafely lodged in the station house. White at this anchor- an order from Weed to pass. NetwtiMusca;ai daylight on the *Ld. with the lanpera time p y ing out the cable. After running aboutpublican tinted States Senator. It has been ems af aha •pprc-pmte name. It waa noped that this confederation belonging to the Red tea Company from th% attacks of the movements of Law, tinder toe pica mat it would kit venues for the benefit of private corporsxiow*these elands.miks east of Aden, and on toe mnrniog.of the 4th, the servante ot the company having been safety established in kheir new and tenaiy aaatoe, tho aquadran commenced tonate upon the Gridiron bill, to the very thing that wdl aecure the pat sage of these railroad bills, for the reasonthat, prior to the passage of that bill ta the Senate, Weedand bis assocetes teeated of their strength, and would notlisten to a eompromtoe. Hadthey continued to figbt te that mutt be regularly presented and read, snd not eoold be way no bills would have been passed; but the advocate* laid on the tabic until it waa read.When the awn refused to work ta the morning, one man day reporting that telegraphic communication to now com- opuv.cn. that the Legislature did not have th: place, and while they denounce it in atrong terms, affectat their body should be appointed to watch the buildingsthey bad been engaged on. and in case any man, not a rused, as it is beneath the dainty of this Union, and would icjure our cause instead of advancing itfor the bosses giving the advance. The meeting then adjourned.MASS MBETIXG OF PIAXO MAKKR8—SYMPATHY AMD , AID FOE THE CABINET MAKKK3 ON 3TKIKK.About three weeks ago the cabinet makers of thistii me bonds had been cancelled and tbe debt paid He cow bat tae good grounds ta fear a day of retribution Beadvance tho wages, which ranged from four toSocial order, Liberty, Progress.were larther irom agreement than at any former period, Ihe Ruatentens are eecuring a stock of arms aai am- munntes.incaseof the worst, and talk loudly aboutparted from htm, weeping' What anguish tor tne conn tle Gmata stock batow par. When the reports favored to this demand, and the men resumed work, but five try—what anxiety for her fate! The demagogical tuthe democrats the republicans philosophised, declaring large, and about fifteen or -twenty smaller mult was becoming furious; the political horizon waa shops still refuse the advance; and the bosses covered with black clouds, hto lrtenis urged him to leave; that if the Stat* was tost it would teach the republicans bate formed a society, not only for then* bis departue, although hurried, appeared to all to be toothe question. They, however, met agate tbto morning, ;ng their rights," and ••tighting to the tost," should Bonown interacts, they say, but for those of their em ploy ea, and have resolved to close their shops until the man are willing to return to work at the old wages.In response to a call puMtehed in the German news- papers for a meeting of piano makers, many of whom are whoi asmanaad the French teat, and was killed in the aao Getmana, to saetot the men still on strike, a large at the Mile, having teamed in 1447; from inquiries number of members of the Piano Makers' Association, and cf others of the trade, crowded the Social Reform Hail,Greed street, laat evening. Mr. Frederick G tsllmann, Presi- dent of the aieotaalion was elected Chairman; and Messrs. Reioto and Hansen, in brief and eloquent speeches, elated the object of the meeting, and ahowing the com munity of interests which existed between men of ail trades, urged those present to contribute to the support of the strikera. Resolutions were then unanimously adopted-, expressing sympathy with the strikers and pledging eacfl member of the association t > pay at leantlate; it became necessary, at laat, that tho fatal order inouid set bo published, tor his death had finally been aetermined by the traitor. Such was tho fear teat the name of tbe father ef hto country inspired. Oa the re- ceipt of the news of hto arrival oa foreign shores the revolutionists were filled with joy. They did not know that ha bad left behind h a example,his patriotic spirit, Use valor with which ha has ever re- sisted so many dangers aad reverses. The social cause which be so faithfully defended, protected by the God wbo protected him ta Payara. bat struggled and tri- umphed over their Tito enemies, Baring our loved coun try, families, righto and civilization from their brutal ends.fiends of tolls, without sny prospect of their obtainingwhat they ask for. The friends of tolto declared, upteSaturday night, that they should secure the passage ot' •.toll bili, but since that have given up all hopes. unci tn.s sailed. Aa aho neared the port toe <morning tbey have found one more gleam of light, wbirh increased, aad reached te climax ss she anchored.will doubtless vanish upon the first touch. li, howev „r, was immediately boarded by a number of arms! men,ten to twenty-five cents a day. Fifty two s h o p accededand matters assuming a more favorable attitude, con duraa "ofler any nonsense. " In fact, the people here are sented to have another meeting before reporting There jealous and apprehensive of the most trivial cireumpiano makers for oontibutiona^and Messrs. F. Uiilmann,sents it. He comet to sustain, sa he ever has done, melegitimate powers—h> aid all lovers of their country in tup-pressing all revolts—to learn what kind of factianists, enelilies to society we have overcome—to know what sad teasesit bas cost us, and What blood has been Shed t;rdefendthe country. The temporary relations which that violentsituation of affairs caused him to form, terminated there judiciary. They atoo ordered aa important Mb to a th>rd I have ever teen—patterns of morality, hooamateapirwith, and freely and frankly will he live whh hit loyal and ancient friends, who will not lavish honors upon him to excite envy or to impril hto person. General Paez to ever good, ever loyal, ever patriotic.Let the good eld man return to hta friends. He will find that the flowers offered to him by the Venezuelans are still fresh ; Jand that the blood shed to defend the country of hta tore is still warm. Hto counsels are necessary to us, aa waa hit example useful; aad ta the period of peace before aa may it be lasting, flit friendly and paternal voice will point out our dangers aad direct up to a port of safety.Notning will make on suspect the hero, sot wren tbe deceitful voice of hto raise friends. He lives ta the fan mortafity of our love.Ontaking leave ef him, "We shall meet again' said we,amidstourtears. We shallmeetagata,andhemay offer htoawerd to the government which has saved thoreading, which gives to the owners of aieamboata wbo city and industry They sxprest very little apprehension renlwnarvea full control over me wharves, an! em regarding any unfavorable results artoteg from f^treaty, powers mem to remove at all times all who may oocapy their intercourse with the people on tbe coast havteg ai-republic. The Berf.tmeatofCountPantae,MTntoterofJustice,to;y of me commission tor the emancipation of ,toregardedaaanactthatwill retardtbeeicipation. Everybody knows that Count Panine baa alu tar oeeswr o/ 23,000 molt srrft'^^e. i, «, ./arictaus at he to rich,and he consequentlyi a measure which would dimineh his immenae in He to a wall educated gentleman, aad speaks flu BWBW* hiA age riaaaa awnT tla^wsasa m. .• LMJJI L BSSW sswwawin s n a n r - f i tit**,race aa the legitimate posseaston of a few pMvipwtttetaretoTSW<rw> fnitowinf act tor me better rrrateetioa of steamboat <ra. rnrtewmx set for thelortato.Thto a the man who M appointed to pre" l e f *l" ?ehail"sot be lawful for the barber ssaatar of y^icrty of New York, or any of hto aaaariante, to assign aagaiaatte sheoite-cassmtotion Mr the emancipationof« e g paU Pastes has airendy & Irm*'!?f*Ionvvi attpttj IV *ssBMBswWvIa^BBsnBwawa>*sr ..^ with tneUntitled DocumentV i e wo fBrooklyn, was ordered to a third reaaamg.Tbe feliowiag bdto were passed;—To confirm the sots of thsrMew York Council relativeto improving Fourth avenueMr. CosiiotxT introduced a bill to Incorporate the RoseJuvenile Asylum AaMctatien ef New York.ton to a republican Legislature Weed's orders Tbe bill to aaaend the charter of the Hiasateed Firs In-bava net- at all current hare surance Company was reported favorably.Take, for taetasee. theSenat Gridiron bili. the Sena Tbe Metropolitan Folios hill, re organizing tee eearmto-tors acted as toll gatherers themselves and paid noattoo si.c and givra* toe appointment of the new Bjard to thetion to Weeds orders that no railroads should pass but the Governor, waa taken, op for final reading.e:\in the Bouse, but rushed Law's gridiron througn, to the J. M. Msarwr s p k e a t seme length ta opwaasatoa, ex grts; astonishment of Weed, who had received "nary repttog particularly to the clause which provides mat anyred" tor the campaign fund. The canted a great ooltoemaa way eater a aesee or other building without ano other purpose than for the contribution that tt may give to the election fund, as well as the private fund ei sundry tadivteuata. But since the people do not seem to object, let them slide.To incorporate the Brooklyn Medical and Surgical Is sutnte.To incorporate the Atlantic Savings Bank of New Tore.To tacorporate the Down Town Club of the city of New Y ork.morningta the next two wetks, will do more harm ta hasty legate tion than a dozen legislatures will be able to undo.One of the most important features of the morning'sWhat £ vents have transpired since the day when we and the belt ftjssnus o: the measure were about giviag up "tneddiiig their test drop of blood," "sever surrenderadopted areeoljt; nTo tacorporate the Long Island BallrMd Company. Adjourned.tionahty of the repel of the tonnage tax or ly, however, the inhabitants of'Ruatan have wttafted toils upon tbe Central Railroad, who gives ss be themselves that such a change to actually aboat to takeis, however. but little prospect of their agreeing upon any stances. Aa example of tbto occurred about the time that bill; their delays are only prolonging the agony of tho me conspiracy trial ended. A bungo (a small reesei) ar-the opinion of me Attorney General to correct, U'^r-1- with the expectation of finding a party of tavsderaah beard.Be comes now, when the dark clouds which hung overus are disappearing, and tbe bright light of peace to revealed. fie cornea, not as some have thought, with anyambitious motives, to head an opposition to the causewhich baa conquered and the grand party which repre The Assembly read the third tune and passed some six prox tutoy to the coast Like Beaten me soil e haghiyThe Senate, among their work tbto morning, kilted th*resolutions for amending me constitution ta regard to the I conaeter, the meet exemptery class of aaeoSenate.Numerous comphunta are being made about me bad mattee te the central pert of the atond, at a place called, ! . » * I theday of New York, e s t ordered to a third readwarrant, when he has probable cause to suppose that tto ten property to orerested there, er aeaae erase Beam or bemg committed there.marks, ha entegtoed the action ef Simeon reaper, wbOe oe BBsassswten, endeavored hoesstiy Itew, and when be fowed himseit overruled, resigned.Messrs. HavaowD sad GEAirr argued aaaiaat the oat tuttonahty ef the clause objac ad to by Mr. Murphy.Messrs. Goes aad sVeasasee argued in fatar af the clause.•dt.cn was before the house.Several bills of no general tees sat were passed aeaaee:I returned a few days since from UtOto. This to the meat southerly of tho Bay attends, aad to ta the closest Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.' 