Il«re!^n«rfllMirt Cltanges ia the CaUMtattempt,irp- tke Union.oftlwBoothandtbe of Constitatlooal Radraai.'ta tbc Cewsia ConveBtioB.a negotiation Georgiabe entered Into between SouthCarolina.12ihiiL-t;evening;did notGbbslzmsii:I MTrlala-gfectedChablcbto!!, Monday, Nov. 20.much treasure.accustomed toearth. Wrapped up in Rare the Uvea, thetbe Inteiests, and the peace of thirty milUons ef ftafe- men now living, and of unnumbered millionB in the.they theyhave hastUf written outthe aipeeahtoBwUefe .« -a*almett» rtmg TIMHiM«« IB Baldavre.eafiacl-therehim two raonthaagoLambert was doing nothing inpaiScuiurdisposaLlattres, fhoo^ wlthoat tbe pretext of ill health.Tbe aanonncement of Jadge Tasit's resignation isthrough the ordeal unscathed.IsMessage anxiouslyprepatfd to s,iy. Ileave It ;;in a storm ?for tbe members an! otlier persons Interested In their deliberations have been arriving to be prefCBt at the opening of the Legislature to-night. That body is now in tession. Its deliberations wiUbe principally confined to the ordinary business of tke State, and no direct action can be taken regarding the secession movement, for the Legislature hasi.vtrie Lord."' Iantoilmat the entire heraion breathed i.othiiig but sece.^sion auJpearance to-day.is the nation whose Goaties, when those duties property in slaves.totbeextentofitsjurisdictioninhav.' g ianed tbe call for a Conventidn.first time, a bill to arm the State, and hendred thousand dollars for that purpose.from the Governor. It is sup,ioscduty, or provision in favor or In recognition of Slav-already gonefie of theThe Legialatuie, however, has just realand, possible, they disregard even the laws ofthe Southern States on thisavowe<L his centiments to be otherwise, he would benmnuSily dealt with. There is little said here, how-larceny under tbe lawsever, upon the great question which now agitates the 'The banks, to-day, advanced their rates forSouthern people Constitution areproperlyhe fled refused to da-atton. The people have reposed into quietude, butpercentJkp.ehiah Besbon was, last evening, nominated forbut a.s far as South Caroliiia is concerned, her peo.iie Alderman of tlie Third District by the Moiart Hill at this theatre. In the character of Hamlet. Tbe house propertv according to the laws of the Northern State,k Is the repose of settled conviction and calm, delibe-are determined that it shall have the luterpretatiouand tha great heart of the State, as represenxi in the thaoMiids of her people, has tied as she has been compelled to deliberately and conscientiously re^^olve ^fc«^ ibe could not remain another day in the Union. Bi t tbe question was narrowed down to this point,the i^olectlng wings of the parent C.'nfederacvghost onin at the Front-street June,and the first law of nature demanded that the should protect her- self. Therelore, South Carolina is now out ef the Union as mncb as she can be. All that remains to be done is the simple declars'ion of tbe fact by the Convention which is to meet on the 17th «fDecembe.'. Nohumanpower,nothingbutanin- terposition of Providence can aveit it. It Is a greatpity that the Nortn did not, and dv.es or will not,this werk,BANK SUSPENSIONS IN TENNESSEE.Nashville, Tenn., Monday, Nov. 26. The Tlan'.ers", Union and State Doiika of Ten- nessee Lave su.vpcndcd, at the re<iuest of the com:nu-nitv. MORESTEERAGEPASSENGERSRETURNED.The steamship Columbia, Capt, Bebrv, arrive! yes terday afternoon from Charleston, brought home 47 steerage passengers, sent back by the authoriUesShe also brings $16,800 in specie, con- W. H, Dtcxma.1, which is unusual.Ofthe elements of her own vltsityto have had no elfect « hatever here. .<othreephilosopher and one p.irtmidman?t'( ry."not, nderstand the Soutti and her iQEli'.uuor,6 in their truenCtortia iu reference to the exciting subject of tho day.FU.'^IO.V COrNClLMANIC CONVENTION.A Fusion Counetlmanic (Tammany aud Mozart)t:i nvi nlioii for 'i^c First District met last evenlne andtbe T^os,:bi enEicK.fcritiy of many people, and does not add any thing topractjsal* andtheUnion. Andiraetn-character ;did matt^isIga^nstthfconstitutloniswan-mg uponsame osjmdat thafor Ifever have come to this lamentable cunditiof that city. signed towo.ild rcrtainly mi.The State is making active prcparatiuns Uyany demanstiatioa on the part of the FciiernU; )v.rii- nwnt.' Tenders of aid from otiier SUttM c.untiu j^ totheythat this partyeoxne to the and so Governor,is thehave beenownbonndaries,from'Jie mountainstothecome forward tg the defence of Sojlh Carolirr^, ar they all would sooner die, or see the .State a si.^ia- gated province, than passively submit to a contlnu- .aace of Northern encroachments on her rights.Neither thi.s letter of the Constitution,stronR that the moment theunivcr.'- -.1Constitution, northeoaths securityevtning at Head-quarters, No, 351 Pearl-street,at this theatre lastto it orly of course there was plenty of fim, brimful, andfeeling,giv«n, seventyU,plotin viblaton of Ihe Constitution of the DailadwmmmI imi.JULiiiBipa^^mBBWHPiB iWli L. X.—NO. 28q6 EC^SioiTMOVEMENTrNEW YORK, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, I860.To this end the proposition of some citizen!, oi mostelo<iuently Invrked Elvine L-.terptsition in the N<irtbein States to repeal their unconstltitloiiilTnS MCKDBK OF J. O. OOI/TBR.Coroner Wood continued thenesses. The atteadance ofvicinity wa! large, and considerable exeitemeut still pieveils. The prisoner was broaghtbeiore the Coro ner at an early stage of the proeeedta^,, but did not manifett that nmckalmue w^eh charaetOriead in marked away bis appearance at the lastaessionof tbe Coroner's Jury,Tbe following testimony was tdienJohn Titrtuj), iwoiB—Resides at Cyjness HT.sPRICE TWO CENTS. DISUNION IN GEORGIA.nTESEsmG rm uqth cmm\. mend that a law be passed punishing summarl-IndioatioTia of Coxutervatism in th9 S<m^.TM* •'•••j K li ass^rte his now win deckle toWrongBKmiibKaM Mectins to j^«^^»i«r Oteat Uafon thehowever,thatresistance, but I am leady to yield It te a petln whiah eha meet coidially unite OUT people, aad meet aJhiiiiiallTbe H«ld in ViXKinia.arms in tbe arsenals, many of which are of the mostapproved pattern, the existing law under which tbemilitary t>f the State is organized requires each manto have bis own firearms.ArVAIBS AT CBARLIgTON.Cbazlisto:!, Monday, Nov. 26. The city is quiet to-day. The members of theare ail tolA'gisiature nearly gone Columbia. Thewent away\; thiakOrK TBI'JBOKAPBICDISPATCHES.have aavcr talked with him on moaey matt|BiT%e toM metie gambled while In Tezah.Frank Lotnville, sworn—tat ctmaeeted with theMetropolitan Police, in Brooklyn; arrestnl Lao^rtNov. about five miles from Sing at four 18, Sing,o'clock in tbe afternoon, in a lot near me grandfather'*BPUVU:FROM WASHINGTON.yUm^MLM UBieSATIOa or BSOKRAmnS COBB"»""««« or CONOBESS.llondky. Not. 26.laHeatlont to-dty we decidedly In favor of an Moultrie.were to come here and enter as laborers on the oottoa and rice plantatlunsi' In less than two years there wonid not be a dozen left to tell the tale of their suf-neeeitary iltps topir/tet it.With few exceptloae,received with boisterooa I apfdaase.THOHVflOR—PUlLiTVBI AKROUSOSlflMT WWMB tAXrt'B RMIONATION—RW ARSI-bouse told blm I wanted him as a ;do aot ao feel OB any occasion, and certainly would not ao iimiil. ,tm TA3S orthere Is a ce of all ming togetherprisoner ; asked blm where tbe vest he had on when lieWiSBurefoifa man;;Ila the Cabinet Tbe state of affairs In Ocargicand tbe poaition of Secretary Coib has soUma«to lay Urn up sick in bed. In tbeiMlliiii Us fatally are packing up for home, andwill be ready to leave In a f^w days. Mr. Cobb now A aUtgca tkat ill bealtb preclodes the possibility of his •oatlSBlng In his laborloos position. Secretary morrow TaeBneawlll nodonbt follow suit, in view of thelale action of tbe Mississippi Senators aixd Represen-I am;«atl7^«i>(eparty.firmly convincedThis blood,GovemaMat is the,arCycoming to Fortday,The Governor's ynmattae. He will resign so soon as it is ascer- here.hope it is.Very respectfully, your ob't serv't;;necessary, to enable him to bis abovette keep shiptained that Judge Black's nomination can be con-InMd. If tke South Carolina Senators are absent it IHl! RFTURN or BR. RDFTJN FROM BOCTH CARO-•The Banks have notand will not do .so.I told blm to count the moneywinds,wItbthesebecanstillpointtbepateritar,aul mad who should throw nieie oveitMianl tWeaieatsea,darkened. The tmlows roar ttoaaaaingly. DaiiaUle are on every side. Let us threw ovetboaid ^^Mor aaA-will not be risked, lest tbe opposition of DoueiAS and Pmb might lose tbe nomination. Judge Black'sneither has the fMt (hat he frinked them through tbe mails indo.-sedEPIRAT0R8 AND THE HEN WBOSE SCALPS THET;be could not find the place; we went on South-street from Peck-slip ferrymyfriends. TheskiesaiefeaifUhryaapblets have not been forgotten* afleSal business." Whenthe succession is arranged from South C.irolina, having faile 1straw. Ican only say that he was clucated at West P.»int, where he graduated with disiiaguished honors, an 1toCanal-street,fourorfivet'mes,hesayingeachtime slons,ourprejudicesandourpartyfeeltagB,haagiili that he thought he could find it the next time ; be said long or bichly valued. But let us hoU on—MH-ea toTasit wW resign to keep tlie appeiabaent oat of Mr. Lmeoui's bands.Th* War Department has no information touching C^t Mnee' call for protection to an unfinished for- tUeatlononTortugasIsland. Tbefortificationisun- iBiched, but when completed and furnished with armamemt will afford no protection to Florida. It •ly commands a distant d^pAt for oar national ships. The islands are rocks, and there tre no persons there featGorenmentemployes. 'Wehave bnt few arrivals as yet of Members ofbut we have any amount of speculation as tt what will be tke first steps taken after tbey do ar- rlrt. Thecalendarslylagoverfromlastsessionare large. The lobby are evidently despairing. If the VaiaBbe41aoiv«d,whowillfoot theirbillsr MBLettei* received here from leading men in South Caselaa nj their State will insist on Free Trade, .whatever may be tbe combination of State* hereafter IIIill What(aytheotherstates to this speck of«aaie>tion in a Southern Confederacy ?FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.xrthis or the lioislattbe—the fibst busi- USmOBDIE TBEQOVEBNOR'SUCSSAGE,AC.CoLCHBiA, Monday, Nov, 26. Hub city has presented an unusually busy ap-so far to hitch Virginia to the Falmdtto State. Mr. Rdfpin Is anouts" to get inwhile those who are"in"displayby•atitfaclorUy, Judgeet safeCeagreas,has reference to thehim,wiib him when he left home;Banks appearsfar the Banks ofpartslji^t?Jed all tragedians of the present exist-thousand soldierpa<'juired, of the laws of the Slates, In disregard;-X.r the raise four;and so cc:nnian<'. thMiin and made the followingwas producedoverflowing. Miss Kebne, Miss Polly Maeshall and Mrs. Allbn, with Messrs. T. B. Joiinsto:<, Peteks,weremarch and drill of the feminine corp*! of Zou;aTheatre, In the City of BiUllmorc, ou whirh solemn occasion its I'calh dirge was cliamiied, aliluu'^h the inmtnoiemdoiuaitLelifirei'enudntsi0l1tthheeelvaeinillnygruelfUriaein6eLdh foifom.\oi;v-e>imu-qber,Mai. Ben McCciioch, of Texas memory, arrivelThe news ofthe suspension of someof iho Nijrihernresi*;*.John N, Reynolds, John Rjan.Ftl'l;Tll VVAKD REPIBLICAN CIINVKNTIOS.The Fourth Ward Republican Convention met lastthe language of tbe play-bill, a grand ofterauc, s-pectacular, diabolical, musical, terpsicborean, farci-wi'nin h* r sea. whlARMMKNTM IN FAVOB OrSICE8S10.N—THE anywill be respected.:yor .*>''hool Inspector.—,Vlcx inder Lang, Sr.Southern States, and in utter denial of tbe property and even Ukertt ofthe cltlitens of Ihe Soiitbern States—this party,-!petitionissands of factories in the North tof i-imiiar arguments are used here dailv, and by menthe ci'.y.S.was doing;;i>y(She IJetoCharleston to establish a line of steamers between that port and Uverpool is favorably thought of.present crisis.The meiiibeis of lb; Leglslatire and othar leadingLiterty.iaws, and to enact others securing to tbe Souihern Sia'ea their rights. If this appeal shall fall, Uie State will then abandon tbe Union,Ceaelaalen of tke C«wwer>a lareatlBaliaa— Jaaeph liaBben held far Trial-He at> teaapte to Beeape«incite theInsubordina-He probably will raaomiDend what the planters Oi^wtetf at Legislature has already antldputed him in, thatforgotttptheseof ihe Cuiou.lory.is to arm the State at the earliest practical as to prepate for the .Irst overt act on theligbtlDpafSirg dlsf olutloolaws, let tbera prepare for the Tours truly.rabiiSii1 see nothing in the remarks ineoaaMBsMteot wIHtht aar-Federal Government. It is believed,youo'clock and remained all the eveBing; Lambert waa right and '• make haste sIowIt." I^n diaeMaTT 'State Is well armedalready, for,inaddition to the;Anothermatter oftbe three staple products of the SoiriheAi States, bywhite labor. tbe rffeeta of thi ellmate out Leavingthe probable events of the future, in this section ofthe Union, I drop yoa a line In further answer to tbequestions propounded in your letter.After an intiaate aaaaciation of some days with tbemembers of anr LeglBlature, of aU sections and par- lies, and a careful inquiry into their vlewa aad the views of their my mind has become aat-blm talk with Colyer;dont know when Lambert better when I can find it Thatregular session opens to-morrow nightTuesday.The Gover-Eoeh a demonstration now.will be read onThe out exception, have declared for a separation as ato submission to the govenmientStates are concerned. In less than ninety days tbe Union will be at an end.i make no comment on this state of affairs ject is simply to state to you what I believe to beandserionsandletusnor'sIt is rumored that troopsUcertain hours InMessagetbemiddle of thepeculiar to tbe locality. The whites who have the hardihood to remain on tbe plantations sicken anddle, while the negro will not only grow fat and lazy, but in many instances live to an extraordinary old a^e. Now, they say, free all these Carolina negroes, and wbere is the cotton to come from, to feed your thou-one,conddeiale attention. Nodeliberate a isaue. graverresult of much toil, muchmatters areliaiinhiiw,;South CarolUia to setfle tbe matter aaw it is not ;through tear that Hr. Lincoui wUI ce^Blt any evert act against the Soutb. but the fact that be has been elected by a sectional party, and tbe d£termln^tloa not to tniit the Interests of the State In the hands of a sectional President Thia is tbe foundadon-s'jme onThere wlU beLet the Republicans then who wish to preserve tbethe Hall of the House of!within the State after her sovereignty, it Is probablemen of the State areend of the »eek we shall bo inIt is now evident that none will be sent to tbe Con- vention unless strongly committed to secession.New-York, that a little boy then pants, and be told him to take them said he did notgrowing desperate here. to-day circulating among the merchants, asking the banks to suspend. It will be presented to-Financiallymy b-ue,he had when he lefthe said it was not; asked what be did wlibbut the banks have nowlearned and the eloquent d.vine, professorpro-he bad because the washerwoman told me him not,to be safecoolly on such movements.;he then said hetracted1 told bim it he sail the hat heentitled to all the wisdom, tbe moderation prudence we can command ? Were yon ever at saaFROM MARYL\ND.lUT. rAl.lIETTO t'LAG HISSED IN BALTIBOREBIG.MFICANT DEMOSSIEATIO.N'S. Baltiuori, Md., Monday, Nov. 24.gentleman widely known to the reading masses ofthein more particular-Btot for Sesiituee iawith death—people residing in theslaves toand that South Carolinafeelingof Insecurity tbst hasdetermined the people ofronvineed that must be done. eomethiiigSuiiih Carolina and Alabama will probably adoptthe same course as Georgia. ariloji.deavors totion or Insnrrectlanhall bind herself to take $jO,0OO worth of arms an-j'sofor five years, from M^or Rrnir, in aeeord-:the Lcgislatnieof the with therabaeqoentljrdaatnd Oenually,ance with the proposition of that gentlemancompare the of the Union, provisionConstitution re-HbHusince tbe l euaUluu at yoa Mvsufficiently con- themselves, and they look ratherstales- men, by those learned in the law—In fact, by every one, the ladies nut excepted. Is it any wonder, then, that Soutb Carolina presents an unbroken froiU infavor of recession ?The Federal Court called for Monday next, at Ci>-lumbia, will not tie held, the Marshal having given roiiee to tlie jurors summoned that their cervic'es will not te required at the present tiaie..suspended,FROM VIRUINIA. LINA—ANOTHEK DKION MASS MEETI.NG TO BELOCAI. POLITICS.unices actual ho^tiliiles take place between the State COVING KSBILLION IH TAMUANY BALL—THE CON-neverpa'ts. HoweverdarktheheaveasorfbtlBaatkeno matter who should be elected.A grand Union mass meeting of all those who arein favor of the Union will be held at Fincastle on the second Monday in December.Tammany foundations.reels was;he asked her if she did not be basedMrs. Hicks' on ourunion,coDgregrations in the different churches.Suchheavy;remember his leaving there likenesses taken there on are and must be the same.TheCommittee of Conference of thedifferent banksdistinguished super- spoken of by those wh o listened to it I attended the intendency of GaeBOB H, Pdeseb. TnoiiAS Bviuibs,in this city agreed to-day to receive on deposit the notes of all solvent banks in the State, with the ex- ception of the Wheeling banks and Valley Bank—the branches at Staunton and Cbarlottefille excepted.The Treasnrer of the Virginia and Tennessee Rail- road gives notice to-day that from and after tVis date he will be prepared to cash tbe Interest coupons of the first and second mortgages of the Company, due In New-York on the 1st of January, 166], without dis- count for prepayment.wayA few of the merchants held a meeting to-night at the room's of the Young Men's Christian Association, with regard to the rules of exchange between Rich- moM aad ^oblyHe then went to and in tbe most desire a thorough reform of the Committee on a basiswhich shall bring in new men of good character, aiui;II sat silU ten We complain In general terms that the Anti-81a*ery minutes, when Sergeant Doughty returned and said sentiment of tbe North has been made an elemeat ofcities, but they adjourned gga»W;aaiiwt# »» «ii*e1lii «o»e>»tiMi.thought blm work until he accomplished his purposeI^ortbem1 went up stairs «n<J Irft tho ti«r««*»t t^-watefc him , *be Ser-:ne'*Vkther is pleasant, and everything Is quiet inobserve, amongRepnOlidanAlmigtity.Volunteers," displayed the Palmetto flag from their placeofmeetingto-day. AlargecrowdwasattractedThat the said JoHANSBS deBevoise Koi.ver. on the campaign town of Newtown, In Queens County, was felonicj?-constitutional right.3. That this party has elected Governors in North-;membersthe ColTcr nightnoteThey want to goThen you know tile suor often tods ItHe admitted this evening, in thethat tbe conspiratorial'*outs" shall not be their suc-;;he could not find the place where he nawned idshonest Disunionlst.presence of several gentleman, that he was for Dis-storm of rain and snow, which somewhat tilnned th«eOBOt interests or our pnrpo«es, Ibr theseand thatspectingslaves,laws;period, partI have been several spendingdays at the capitalthai hebought anything;athnidn.;-,_imprudent way aecoaipUshliw the niMaamiiso of the; was tlwre all theforewrittenbyaw. Thereba .looked forwaves, to throw overboard hisfreight,eren hisMenAn association calling them.«e!ves thi; " Southern boay. Rtv. E. J. Meisjedy preiclicof valmhieby the novelty of the thing, and the flig was greetedwith groans and hisses from the crowds and withplaudits from the Volunteers. Capt. Jonk.s, of thebark Isabel^ also displayed the Palmetto flag from themast-head of tiis vessel this morning, when all the bia has jusl received an order for a large nura'jcr ofships In the vicinity Immediately raji up the stars and stripes.FROM GEORGIA.MFSSB8. STEPHKNB AND PICKENS CHOSEN DELE- (JaTEB TO THE STATE CONVENTION, ETC.reportbeing made known, LinBEEiwas removed to tne jail to the negro social and political equality vriththe at Jamaica for safekeeping, and the jury was dis- white race as far as andAcGDSTA, Ga,, Monday, Nov. 2ti. Hon. A. H. Stkphens and Dr. Pickens havedelpbla,,. ..a Northern man married a Sotttheni lady hav-Convention from Taliafero County. Mr. SripnxNS made a characteristic conser\'atlve speech.as this State Is concerned, and the people here look ing for reelection to the Board of .Udermen from the upon them with the most perfect Indifference. Tne Fifth District.whomof tbe Stale in vvhioh the crime was^comndf.ed. AtruebUl was obtataadttddrafts on New- York to a halfMiLLEDOEviLu, Ga., Monday, Nov. 26.The .Senate Bank bill passed the House 93 to 27.;bly Rooms, could withdraw from their devotion torate determination.There is but one sentimentpervading tbe minds of A veto is expected. The bill will probably pass givenConvention,IIOUAKT HALL COCNCILMANrC CONTENTION.therefore the Southern Court, jury, and Governor were all wrong in otieyiaa the^e entire community, a sentiment that is entertainedto Mr. Li:<coLNslie cares not one jot what are his "Sullivan, Fifth WardFourth WardStale that tbe defendant was not gnUty ;:briefstrange: ii. this City. Last night, in the first acl ofover the veto.and that is, that South PROBABLE RE-ELECTION OF MR. CLINCMAN opinioub on tJieKitsT DisisicT—Ji;o. Hogan, First Ward;MortimerMr. BocTB is almost, asknown to a New-Yorkceived in Boston and other large cities,yesterday, favorablyalike by all classes of citizensCarolina will not, under any circumstances, remaintn tbetnion. There are many men in South Carolinawho have been dearly devoted to tbe Union, men Demo::rati': caucus at who deeply deplore the necessity that has existedtor its disdolutlon. There are very few in allthe State who would not have preferred that SoutbCarolina could have been permitted to sit underB.VNK SUSPENSIONS IN GEORGIA. Macon, Ga., Monday, .Nov. 26.The Manufacturers' Bank of Macon suspendetl thismoniint'.Business is prostrate everywhere. It is whl.speredhere, to day.that she most either give up tbe Union or give up ail tl:at there will be many heavy failures in Savannah Hotel. What the object of his visit Is I cauiiot say.should not be dellveiaawas Involved to shield several mtheJohnBrownraid.Petebsbuegu, Va., Monday, Njv.Cil. Senator Clinohan has been renominated by theoiher subject ;The sameof the conspiratorsRaleigh, Hon. .M. Maslby was electedN. C, for Senator.Courtthe reins of GoviTmneut on 4th of Mareh te.xt, il reiiuires no proiihct to >:.'i; at once the precise posl'ion of South Carolina. In ref.must arrayUnited States, because that Instrument in its very frame work is a recognition of property in slaves. Itthe of North Carolina onIn the third and fifth acts, Mr. Booth admirably, still being a little faulty and im-States. Accordingly weby Lepi'^la'.ureSaturday.ing at tbe Hermitage,tie rush of interested outsiders that tbey nearlywas considerable talk secession.'amongplayedmature at times, as if either theback upon him, or that he had soloud-voiced F'orrest school, that he went to theTherehere who believe the venerable oU rel.c of corruption defunct Some go so lar as to say thjt it gave up tlieits conso- ofthemwhofoUowtheir logic to pracacilOVJt OWN COREESPONUENCK.SOUTH CAROLIN.\..A bat of I-ASTINO, HDHILIATION AITO PBAYEE—lllic LOXING SESSION or THE LEGIriLATDBl—'" Of cjurst,havingt VI'r;i;AL <BtlBBETT and Leeson,say,prmclples,f 'u T(.-,!av i„ n21. 1860 k< ;,i as one of fasting, humiliationConstitutional clement at the North has losthence evident that tlieis becoming hopeles.". While loving thetill vacancy, Joiin Maratt. yoTre«.'ra(i/,s,—MarkLanlgan,SamuelCook.and r.iii\<.r, I'u s,-, „cWairi Convention of tbe Sixteenthgrandwas and aves very effective,down of taose inde-less on til, sauie .cession, the m;,ii.ur8 of cepted. a:ihou,L tlie most ofbands than in the The conductParty. leadingoffering peaceOl'KT—THE SIW-TORK vr,i1, s.C,Wednesday,Nov.The thatthewith theselast secured the Executive department of the FMeral Government and are seeking to secure tbe other twoSupremeJudgeTiuhi Di-TBicT—The Mozart Hall c:ouncllmanic Cniiviiiiit.il for the Fifth District was held last even-and harangues, we have *ad, fromThe RepublicanWard met last evening and nominated••brought scribable and admirable absurdities at wnich we la'ighwhen we see while heartily it,,l..,.ct.with such folly. But for all that, we arc readyhas l>een somewhat varied,their rightsfairly piece is onesight premium.satlsfiid with thatTOLITNTEEK.Hrhool T. ujln j,— Sherwood, William ynr Beiijainliiand this has at histOTy.Tbe Governor wiU send in hiso'cM>ek to-morrow. He will recoxmerd that f-.rLegisiature should, to some extent, foster and ea-eonrage direct trade with Europe and the Continent,hy takias upon itself a part of tbe losses that might>BW frMi the eetabliihmcnt of fatb a direct trade. ite mildest form, and aU, as far a. I ».„ ai,,c to learn set forth ; an eameet appeal wiU be made to the nominated A. R, Hiaiici.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069message at oneinstea., oi .«.<. s«i„,,all the [.ulpi-., u. iiie ,,|tj.,Union as it was, theyis,andRobt. A. Adaksthemore Every one here Is for se-wesermonsand civil war.l)ordorlnghands of the Republican of Georgia, (doubtless theon teras which mass Now, my friend^ the next question is, shall thesethe Gospel not even ex- Sootben. State,) wUI te this .her, treat 'lie subject In called the grievances oftheAConventionvrill be Southern Stales will beThe TammanyHallConventiontonominateaCivilvise our friends to maketr>emselve« equ.illy"v^JThetiling the pimlsh- South meets no favor in South 'Carolina. lfere,theas to amrder of 3, D. Coi.-again.proposition to buy the slaves In theiuTeetigatJooslaves, byleast athird,thanin tl.e timesof Ihe earlierPeesldents.potent argumentused henthat it it a;beardColyer makeareoaikaboutredress itthe ourgrievancea,Impossibilityto raiseeotteo,sugar,'•"'P ^'^y-B.*H.HILL.in life—thein every station judgeand thejurist thewithout approval or condemnation, and I rely on yourconfidence (I hope such exists) In my candor totect n>c against all suspicion of an attempt to impose on you an unfair statement of the case.Whether it Is In the power of the North, should she feelolspn.'-ed,toarrestIbiscourseofevents,1 auiun-was he said It and where It ;itwhbthe washerwoman Tuesday morningI toldWhether we shall nowmake another effort to preserve it and refiarSB itsbeginning to arrive, and by the a wh'rl of excitementIn the event of traitors arisingshe Eball have assertedthat he will advise some legislationly defining treason to the State, and yleotforU>a;offence.ItIsbelievedthathewillrecom- maMerIsnotregaidedasoneofdullirsandcftiu. listentotheearnestremonstranceoftheSouth,aad Tia,atShaw'sHotel,JamaicaPlankRaad.District- Theconfidentlymore that tbeymaintain tbe Union as ital1, and severely—perhaps any per- work, and yet there cannot ba fou::daB ow<Mar*vho Few nien will found In our State who will notson who circulates incendiary docnments, avows will part with one at aoy pi ice ; the i egroei r Jmilii jtoin In tetchealilslobue IIcalridrsiepdlaonut which 1 have described . you unsuccessfully. The himself an AboUtlonist, or in any way en- In families from generation f> genenllon. It fit the plo\ir,peacefnl,Gud-fearlng, law abiding cltlzeas areHon. B. H. Hill, one of the moet able and ilrila-enUal public men of Georgia, delivered aa il^l^r>a^ la ""and Federal authoriiics.The young New-York officer who volunteered athat was all that wentonThursdaymomlaglasttoHELD—Edmcbd Rcrris. of Virginia, arrived here to-day that hi.'' father was as true and gallant a soldier as regularly organized conspiracy on the part of the;New-York to find his clothesriNANCIAL HATTEBS.RiCRMO!ix>, Monday, Nov. 30.regiment last week is not, I assure you, a mtn ofABE IN FCBEDIT OP.There are wars and rumors of wars In the inner;am not permitted to give his name, and I; let the Convcniun do wliat was right, aLd then leave the result in the hands ofcountry, throughlishing house of Obtox,bufiness at Auburn, and in this City. During the1 would have to serure liiri.. TERDICT OF THE JURY.— would have to recedeMclligan & on get ou; Co., carrying;I lold.himpassage ih* nulllfy"tfng oncouxaclos leweu* fagltlTes, and seeking to punish as felons citlEens of our Houth- em States who pursue their slaves in the assertioa oftotheFedeiaiGovernmentA joint stock company lor the manuficturewith,ttsibtaneehave b-;eH made the byduced, they believe and do findwere ijiflicted, and said Johabkes de Bevohb Kolib*4. ThatNorthernCourts,chosenbysameparty,of arms Is about commencing operations nt Ca'tliehave assumed to declare the Fugitive Slave law an- consiituilonal in the teeth of tbe decisiansof the Uiilied States Courts, and of every department of tteUnited States Governmentleu. Tbe Conipanv start with a capital of t'iJ "00, divl leiii.to share.- ofJlOO each, and those at the ilea i expect to do a large business.of it One of Ihe largest dry gooJs merchants In Colum-John De Bevoise, Peter De Bevoi-<e. Corne- lius S. DeBevolse, Herman Backus, Jacob Denton, G.Z FOR CoLCHBiA, S. C„ Friday, Nov, 23, 1860— P. M.ers repudiated the nomination ascharged,nullifysubject. InproofofthiscomplaintweshowthatNonh- em Governors have actually refused to deliver up fii-The many able articles in the Baltimore, Piiila-charged afi^lnstIhouilit lliey »certain dayReed, Tenth WardWard; FieOerick Ripper, Eleventh Wardhonored. One of the most learned disciples ofI,tbe land-owners cm be-was sot in the store that and Alabama, to fix upon a site for tbe ar- which the structure of seceadon is to he built The done wrcng, let them confess it and do right. I see Joseph Lambitft during the day.of Soutb Carolina have notdesolation caused in the West Indiespatlon act of the BMlish Parliament, and arethefirm in their determtnatJon that tlie samd of de- scene*vastation and misery ahall never be enacted on the soil of Carolina. I am only giving yoa the views ofprominent men heremake no pretensions to political economy.saw him hare a dlrk-knlfe ;ftTy^they are not my own, for Isapperheard him say he nniit be home by 7The planters themselves dare not sho« theirsaid ; said it wasferings.faces on their lands, except;said he could not tell what street it was asked him If he had not another pair of pants ou, over those which be then wore, when he left home, aud he;;ana is at lltST's Uii tel States stoppingJ"hn Conway, Twelfth Ward. EKPIBLICAN .NOUINATION8 FOR CODNCILHKN.for that matter, where is t.'-.e a-t jr thoroughly interpret SaAKiSPEAEE'sw lo•me state the vle*3 of the qiuct, r,i:.i.i- im-inff cttt:tn.^.The Liberty-laws of many of tho Northern States are considered as distinct violations ofthe letter oflliethe grandLacra Keexe's."d neees- *»J. jty*And first 1< tB, N, S*-isseI.J. (\ariton. E.lvvard C, <'ostello, Edward L, .Murphy,—tiieall power. Illsstru>;glefordepartments—Legislative and tbe Judicial.of men, (officials,) to maintain to the Southern States tliat theirthere was noand equal-oj^r rijiitseleclioD of Li.'«cols Is critical, because it siiowstopursuance adjournment,nominationsFor School Commissioner.—Henry G. Leask,at attempt plot,bywitness gave it to on the evaolag of the murderIs,rice ando'clockdid not see bim with mneh money be had some money leftmonseayid; ColyeroaeIdu"llniete.These and hundreds;ob-restedwas thesamehome;he left future.tb^;any- ^ of BpraSMSntof tbe qnestton. they assert that the very nature ofthR while man revolts at this peculiar kind ef lalihr.Theypubliclydeclarethatiffivethousandwhitemen lifiedthatourCmves'lon,whichistomeltthe16tham^ieakiagtOTao perfect qolataaaa aad«- der. ItecemRtabea«afieral kleathatptfiUeipaak- en feel highly cempllamted wlieB their ofMaa bm:Lmibeet. Signed—Joseph P. De Youngh, foreman, Johnfire-TammanyJlUitaiy Couimlttee, now icady to be made to the G. CEOiiXB as tbe Union candidate. The First Ward-Legislature,Tne weather Is delightful today.The jury consulted for half an hour belbreknapsacks of Ihi order is given in consequei.ce1Out of the one hundred and sixty-seven membersthere ic not a single man who is known to be a co-•perati^st—every one is in favor of unconditionalaecesElon. It is believed that if a single member been unanimously chosen as delegates to the late in my humble judgment, just so much labor lost, as far Alderman John H. Bbady w as nomlnatel last even- Winter Garden. The attraction of last even- and fled to a Northern State. He was chaiaed withNew-York and other papers in reference to a Couveiilion of all the States for the purpose of alter- ing or iimendiiig the present Federal Constitution, is,a: an independent candidate.riFTH DISTRICT REPUBLICAN ALDKRMANIC CON-desire no alteration whatever in th,;a demand wasGovernor of tbe Stale to whichliver him up on the ground that to commit a lareeaytheytacred instrument as it has been banded down to usperfectlythe of Mr. Edwin BoothSupreme Court of tbe United States. This State disdains making any caotious oppositionthat laws of their own State,itby thewe said audience. Mostun- re- has, exrept;;Fagen,; Il.irrlsBogert,EighthWard JohnBush,KonrteeutliWartl. :SEroNB DiBTBiCT—Thjmas Reei, Edward G, Mu--Thomas J. Carlton, John N. Rey- Ilipi.Kerh,iip.NorthernJohn Peculiar Institution," or ou any Thomas .«mlth. Seventh Wardhetliree years ago—been a and could not be guilty, andbut she Is resolved not to remain in t-ie UnionundertlieruleofasectionalPresident. Siw, as no Convention cau po-;ibly prevent the P.esdeutfor a veryperiod— timidInelect from assumingtlincorner of Houston and Allen the members of erenee to National Couventloi^s, there are not a icw stieeis. All the delegates were on hand. Su?h wasand especiallywas made by slaveholdlngfind this party a disunion party, and its leiders—thosedistrust the Union as itor feel assured that thtlr rights arc safer In their own for the long term and B. H. Va.ics for tbe short termhouse." The entire:goandfoolish, and for that matter, would not objc-t ipetition ofthe folly ourselves.i know of no man who saysUntitled Document;legitimate drama, was the dibitwas no* crowded, but it was exceedingly well filled.a man must ste^ propertf,ideniifiid selections couldt(ie City,testimcny pro- that the sad blows'he vlvlng up fugitivere- wae-iaaraered; Monday,address, followingreepenae]rt . - 'e?;*>? ^-•*^.In such a case, after tbe failure of such anthe greater part of the Southern States may be ex- pected to secede.Hon. B. n. Hill't Speech—in iUeLet us hope that tbe Integrity of tbe North will the cirenmstanees attendingwith the passed b> Mai-sschuretls and other Northern States to binder their delivery. II find that haveMiLLZBexvnLi, Ga., Thursday, Nov. 32, IMO.dont knoweveningheretoof our State since I wrote you, and as siretobeInformedoftheexactpostureofaffairsand therewhenwitnesswenttoeonsUtnents,of January, wiU ieclmre/or a atpartuion^ and take tketo-ai^tI eameatlybegforon thistbe main diflereoce between the radicals and conser-vatives being as to the time and mode of action.for fear of eoatractiog the dl^ases County mi etlngs througbout the State, almost with-preferredraid be threw them awayMalternative r. Liscoi B and bisyoor ^y pat^deever aaei iJiliiil Inofthat so far, at least, as the lower tier of tie Southerncircles of our City Democracy. Nothing less than awe reason and moderation. Tbe se ukd thesebis former connection with thepub-tbeAt Camden, about 30 miles from here, the Minute Fremont campaign, this house published and evening of the lith day of Novemoer, ll-i)0, at theand altenced the Jlethodist Cnurcn in aplainparliespoint,unityofTille, en the IMh inet.AuuAvef the^was Attorney AiKBTBOHe, as Dtnal, extained tbe wit-the they feel after this examination that they have done Thcnuit Titrney, recaUed—He miat Us father'i ter. I could not recall1 'store on tbe night of the murder and aaw Lambert arfumcnt, tnch as itisI, la herewithwalked until he tald his feet were so sore he cauld; I tola him would hire horse and walk no further I aifwebntThis vicinity was visited yesterday by a severe cessors. In the dire conflict now raging, the old watch, and did not attempt to; I took him to visiona now would not only be onfoitanaie, hot ei-uuJer tne stars andever maiched into action siripfls."no particular desire to continue so, but are resolvedalwaysto tbe star of truth,toly come shore.whoseZ FOll.1. Columbia, S. C, Thursday, Nov, 22, I860—P. M.;may > WemustWigwam Tnere were ItsuponofHall rocksandartilleryceedingly theqrservices In the Episcopal, the Cathode, the Baptist never before brought to bear against it as Tuesday she said she did not she coJld find noin our and susptci^isDivisions most ftad tfarirLet us jealoaales. ^rethe and the MethoJIst churches. The Presbyteilsn,;;origin I asked Lam- thesesermon of Rev. Mr. Shasb, Episcopal, is highly and balls under the asphyxiatingFriday nightbert if he did not buy his clothes in Wllliamsburgh ;bhe asfaitderbwearwdassssaiudrehehehabdohuigshltiktehne<m« 'i.nakNenwi-nYNoerwk-;York he did not recollect where while we were in ;;Presbyterian Church, and the sermon of Rev. Dr. Thobbwiu. was truly one of tbe most eloquent everJoan Nbsbitt, Wiluam Minbb, Isaiah Rtndebs, andThere must be oneour ambition be to find Ma( way, aad unite our peopleuttered. The Doctor Is himselfadvocacyI have listened with eamestattsatioa to£he doqeeatspeeches made by all atdea, aad I heUevc a ca^iaoaof canbe if fwbe said he had a ground agreement fooad. not aaieat^wealthy plaater patting his name on tbe ticket to the Convention from tnlsduring the twenty-five years he had been Id the minis-thing bcfoie the Coronerthought he could find them, but could not; when Iway.ahis friends fromdozen ularity.about his clothes be intbe ofthathard work toDistrict. In commencing his sermon he said that of the next General Committee of Tammany Hall ;and badkeep;is now filing bot-shot, bombshells, grape, shrapnelscopy of bissuspicionsjealousiesLetaksomeothers ofNew-York,he said he was sorry he bad said any-equally high character and pop- Tbe grand struggle for which these gentleman haveformationand the special objects of their vengeance are Eluabunitedtheirstrergt i,:F, PCIST, NZLSOB J. WaTXRBOBT, Wk, D, KBH.VZDT, and tbe critical sta'e of affairs M. T. Bxuban, the Committee of Fifteen et al.j^ persaid the money be gave me was what he had leKof disunion,he had on all occasions refrained from Introducing%i goki pieces,the change received from the peddler.try politicsand such 1 shaU not be able to aCKt.In the first place, what are our grleraawst lOflkeinto themade him do so now. As a citizen of the Statepulpit,There are frequent caucuses held at the house of Mr, PcBBiB, in Ihe Fifteenth Ward, and It Is claimed by the '* outsiders " that they have a majority of tbe Com-ConifliiM Weglam topics of the day, but when be entered *he House of miltee in their favor. Tbe insiders deny this, but his arrest,speakersonlybe had always held his opinions on tbe Important""he ttu-ew off affairs and became what he say that, personally, they have no wish to continue in that Precinct; be attempted to break jailwordly which had ever professed to be, an humble minister of the ppsiiionsoa LiKCOL* is on all sides admitted not to be the a was in tbe room over ance. Oar State would not be thrown on a falselGod,entail trouble and Friday afternoonexpense. Tbey the cells and heard a noise at the cell-door; on this pointwork,strains of eloquence pointed out the numerouswent down stairsLambert was at work at his cell door; I then went political poner.Lord.thrillingshort-comings, not only of the United States, but ofthe Stale Governments, South Carolina Included, Uesaid that the State of South Carolina had this dayclothed herself in suekclotb and ashes, and was nowbo-A-ed down in humble .suppdcntion lor Divine Grace. Senatorial District, the name of Wh. Orton. He is a He exhorted his hearers to rem'im calm but firm ; hewauled the Slate to take no step Iroui whicli sheSergeant Doujhtywith the names neithertaminated with suspicions of any sortA GOOD NOMINATION.ner con-;and then Igeant let him work a while, afterwardWe to are happyin hackneyed politicsthenominees for the Board of Councilmen, in tbe Fifthparadedsion serniOu, takin^j for his text tUcJ wor .s, dlessel vice to the Republican cause. An active, hone>t and head by means of a club or some other heavy instru- filvolous pretexts, to do their plain constitutional du-1aril and Mr. Okto.v did books ilorumen-,s,ly killed and m irdcred byem Sta'es who refuse, some openly and others undera sirong seces- •clrrulaled great quantitiesgood iiiiellieent gentleman, tboroughiy devoted to, anduponbisfew lietter Repibllcan, or any other party, desiring honest and economicalCity government.DEUCCRATIC NOMINATION FOR ALDIBIIAN OF TIIE;the interests oithat from theFIRST DISTRICT.Tbeinating an Alderman of the First District, was held last evening, and resulted In the nomination of Ho^hIrolled, are to repudiate every constitutional seekingsoonnounced, and several prominent politicians declaredWard,BioBTwa nominated bv Ihe crowd, by acclamation,demanded an exambiation before the Coronerbe Could not pet ICO vote-* In thatJohn E, En-oner, Peace, The Coroner fixed sitting as a Justice of theFred nolds, Th<'Uiasandhis audience with hlin. Of that first a-t we will only sayphy,to become acquaintedaudience,them the whole Constltutioa oi tbe againstTENTION.Anmsemcnti). —ing, among Ihe real tbeatre-going public,—thoseno whether they were those of io Juive, enticements,at the Academy of Music, or a ball at the City .Assem-Hedeceivedthelady,THIKD DISTRICT—MOZART NOHIKATION FOB ALDER- ilAN.made for his retora. «aa aa;;the street Councilaian Noian1'lie following were tbe nominations male: .\shaeltimidityse. I »""'''the low and the ianorantoflhat party, buti v»-iU«uo«ethe/nunfuin and/ii(/ifr of our troubles, by atteanUag , to liold together, as reconciled, two oppaala|r priaa- ples, which will not haimonlie nor uree. The ooly hope of the slave is over the rui*s qf tU Gmmmmt. The dissolution of tbe XJutan. is the atolitiea of S*-bloeVadedpresldel. Thomas J. ('arlton. Eleventhquence6-Di--un:.mists per°'?'<'°?,«''TM"' .;L. Wuiphy, Thirleeiiih Ward; teei'Ftil'i'WBTaHrdDiWard A. Mc.vlullin, Twentieth Ward : ;em of dlvlsioa heavsery oeca- swlhiocn"e;d itnhitshisvecxoeudntrqyu.tstItion(tohfeSClaovieury««i^)evhears bceaWeeks. Tvientv-first Ward;EdwariiTiinpson,Twen- characterofHamletsomewhatexceedsii?en cuiin..onWard1 he Reiiubllean Convention for the nomlna'orofty-.-eeord;n' niinaledfollowing ticketA melange, or medley, or, '.\i "w6 We comidain In tbe last place, that this partrIlcelat, ToSIXTEINTB WARD SCHOOL CONTENTION.great in their respective parts, and kept the audience In a roar of laugh'er, irom the first rise to the final fall ofthe curtain. 1'hein the Board of Education,TAUHANT NOMINATION FOR CIVIL JUSTICI.cannot stand, t' ad- produceJn'tice forihe District met last uppereveningaud;as It was an-with the thanks of the Coroner.A. J. Hyatt, Esq,, of Sing Sing, counsel for pris-ser-blows mllicteda'oresaid, ttieir oaths upon;de- except at supperume, SJi ociock lalumed before 7 I think some of our friends ;arefaaaM. Letoa^Sa;Cetrgt rUamfmrn, sworn—KBOaN^MbertNovTlsI'lSM?'I^aaixs An ranaM: While Ileft home was; he said he traded It away be did not know where, nor whom withThe oecaaioB la a aataam treat it in ao Ught or trtttal manner. One more reqaesL I have laTOkadfMd order. I yet more earaesUy invoke klid tsaid be tadw here, he could not sayname of which he did not knowcame up and asked him if be would not give liim theinsaid it was in the street the;know the boy ; 1 asked if tbe stLrt he had on when ar-andshe had not seen blm since Saturdayleft it on the bed at his boarding-housewas no: so, because Mr. Vun Syze had said he did notdown and heard bim atwork I ;I would letIn of ttais we make tlie iiiiUowinc qieeiiea- prooflionst Thala large politieal party has been onaniaedin the Northern tbe coanton idea of States, greatwhich is to prohibit the extciisiou of Slavery by Cam- grefs and hostility to Slai-erv g^oeraHy.•2. Thatthfspartyhassucceededingettingthecot- trol ofmany ol the Northern State LegialaJBues, and baTe-procnT«d tbe of acts the Fn-to him sabpoukte what hewent t/> Ihe cell and to Lambertlikeness on jandassume as the basis of every arguaieBt that we an allarrested I asked him how much money he hadhe had tsapkoekne a bar from the bunk and pot a pry under the door ; se.-er.iJ ofthe rivet*! weri: broken ; Lambert said be was trying.: toand ment theinvolve therecogniUoBjurors aforesaid, do further say;was silled and murdered, bv one JosephDenton,;ind Mozart Conventions for nom- 11. Redfieid. Wa. D. Wood, Coroner.;aad titedid of not tee policy;destroy;be insisted that be didhad on was nit the same he had when be .eft home1 Iben took blm In his grandfather's househe gave me all he had about him ; he gave me.a six- treasure. But with his chart and Us ivwiniaiiii fab bla'ed penknife, a pocket-book, some loose change, abe countedfourteen dollars and five or six cents ; he gave find the port of bis safety. Wooldaot fhatsaOarbewatchme a receipt of the watchhappened then;;that was the street he did not find the ;place;alaae paUl gaidiaeewaIfbe would for it he wouldnot hesaidWe doOur people must be united to meet this erWa. Oi-wagonWllliamsburgh to have bis likeness taken it was at disastrous. If divisirais arisekae# K.payagree.agreedsyortwobeforea|20goldpiece,andgotitchanged; sal,atleastforverygeneralagiacBeal. ThoteiriM be bought a shirt of a pMdler ; he got in change two hold that the Constitution is wraof, and the OaiaBfeadn, of course wiU agree to bat liaiaaillali Booiiagtwo and the rest la silver •% bills,render-ing their verdict. Immediately upon th-^ir decision ery —to work the extinction of Slavery, and to secureDecs as the time for the investigation to take place, at Durland's Hotel, Jamaica,llamlrt, lie seemedconsequence,asif hehadprinciple TbeInexorablelogicofthisparty,onsuchapremise,with histhat It did not impress us favorably, but in the second,firstother of the closet scene, from the stage, he was nearly inaudible. Altopgaectehser there is very much to comnend in .Mr. GeorKe W. Booth's performance, though his conception of theEdward Thomas Kane, Seven-.HJToBhincTN—. RRoegyenroldDso,wlSieuvge,nteNinntehteWeaerndt.h:extreme of afewwhispers.In portionsthispai^,But, Daal'h Prim-e,—time, wnose ambition .iill ccntiijuc to do .so until the CTritin-:''o- mcct'bg al the Fifth Ward Hotel last evening and is to be the Ham/'t of a nigh:, or of fif:v conscjiuve a'ors of that Party—a Senator even ttefore tne— VKNTION SKt'ESStO.Nablefo sundryrestorations lti;astwas.|ue«ionabl,=.Tnat,^ '','V'""'* "i25' whether this Union '.''^l'South Carolina hold out. aad it isCouueilmeii of Itie First District, held an aarises contcinplatevl by the Legislatu.e, Z FOil .V. GEORGIA,WUAT is I.IKH.V TO BE DONE—TIIK STATE CO.S'-mihtsweorefer.Mr.BoOTB. He force, bu,w[fh";eral rriniinatinc Intellectual talent.litlle n:c5C0 3r decided ai.d d.,-cynomitiated the following candidates T. L. Doughtv, of Second Wardha' faults, he Has"I believe mat thisisnotPr.OBAUl.E.Ga., Tuesday, Nov, 20, 1860.biijt, of teerithWard-eiitli W.trd Jacob iscene in vvhicli tne in his closet, wnere he is seen Councilmen by kneelinc before the altar by Hamlet, and where tbe laiier i.s abiiost disposed to kill him as he kneels, has a stranger to the staee since tbe time of Ga^-^aPscfo*rn*«^B^< shall be a blessmg or.,1 think that 1 can now tell you what will be done tl.e RerubiU^ans,Klni! retiri« to prayer,Third WardW.JoCharles II. Hall, of seventh Wardof SixthFrancis E. Ilol-tion of the Government as toanybled, not to saybut to say whether itmy friends, to show "'Ito^rquo"^hee^dfuf^ht, Partyistodisuniont.hlT£htaettendency S KepuJii.-anbe and totea ^ienuili-^ i^ -" fo^coffyTliiseon^pli.tes' •Eigtro;r)ihHawks,Ward; of F'our-was notice- of tV text, one of v*hichsay u-A^'hrracrc:;;Pecare, the nominations forConvention of that party:J, D. Costar, ofso much of a Convention to change the Alminlrtri- jcuibtThe trasidv, as produced last evening,Gmtmmenttobe admiustrrtd.Wbv restoreIt offends tbe sense of features of the play.cal burletta. In three acts, called theit ?pro-are ainust asiiamed of ourselves the next morning for having ticcn amusedhad much dread of theSeven Sisters,' night>a regrievancesrealated?creptgltlveSlave law,and la:- thbe exa;nt laiiiiinaa, fit 'keaU speak boast of it as the feat d>much aazielvFor nearly a century we haw beenthat Govemaienter abuses.Istbequestionbeforeus. Isthatqaesttoaaotto the winds. weqauyaslloyfhsoenceusritnganodneeqeuDadl-l-yoadreAaas bi oaardvailaaaeqoali^ lights. better Otan all others. VAsworn—AmCaptain of thehas been confined in the station of ground fur resistance. The mere electtoadf Sr.thusfar,eventhemostultra,haveadaiHtBd Fifth Precinct Police, Brooklyn; Lambert, since that the mere constitutional eleetkBt of a maa Is no;of6, eea- We complaia that the Northern States, thusgitlves from justice, whenIn slaves. „tbe crimesuch fugitives recogidied imder Stau law propertyThu's,ing a separate esute In slaves.stole her negroes, sold tkem and pocketed the anney,and as slaves were aot It could' not be property according to tbe laws of theinstead of the laws of theSouthern Statefiom tbe learned and tlie" The coiLstitutiou is the causeOne of the ablest, and oldest, aad long honored Sen ence ofthe Republican Party—said to tbe nommatingpiainsame time, and m sary contequenee,thus acquired the control of every depainwin of GovcrnmOat—Legislative, Executive and Judicial —in several dl the xNorthe,-n States, and bavlag thus used every deoartment of the State Govemmeat aoarring uponthe Constttntiaa aadheHere, then, is a party seeking to admiaister theGovernment on principles which must the destroyGovernment— to a proposiog preserve the Union uponbasis ou which tlie Union, in tbe very natore of tilings,betheyoughtnottoberesisted. FormyselfIeay,and: www.fultonhistory.com 