 THE CONMTiON OFEUROPE,hs faffedI a w arenot he earned, without the intervention of a special envoy, much no say tag that the Pnsoe bad better atopHhoaM.jmdthoenaseqaeace wnithtohtojenraey to , and that tbe Austrian received orders to dec!are that no snob toaraeycontemplated, though K to notorious no had been sent for to Tlena* it Iand would bave started for oar capitalone of tras so, haveArrinltf tkCltyif VtomuiUrtnluiutheirday, March 1.What ire the Hew Complica-tionaon the Continent ? M^KWMW^^HMM^Un^N^^o'VA^*^^^^"^w **•Vm enentry cGARIBALDI'S IwfJw WIPE.critic, savant, man of letters, orator and lawyer—a man also how much we have regretted the objections which of most fertile genius, whose pen touches no subject tne convocation of plenipoteiitiarles gave birth to when2Mb a l lThe America, Captain atone, from Liverpool, alsoFebruary 25, and Cora February 26, via Halifax, arrivedFrance and England, but the second French revolutionhad the same effect as the first. Russia again became thechampion of legitimacy, and exhausted her resources'inmaintaining tbermeof Austria in Hungary,and keepingdown tbe march sf liberal ideas -n Germany. Tbe Orientaldifficulty exposed the folly of this system R-iseia has should be dishonored by a fall. The laugh, the j en, tho equipments along, and make them float on a sea ef dul- utcle presented by Italy, while Impressing some persons,at Boston on Tuesday evening yesterday afternoon.We received ber mailsThe Ctty of Baltimore, Capt Petrie, from Liverpool February 29, and Cork, March 1, arrived at this port yesterday morning.These steamers have placed us la possession of much important information.alienated the Weetern Powers, outraged public opinion and neglected ber own interest, to bolster up the tottering thrones of {winces who deserted her in her hour of need, and either joined her enemies or observed a timorous neutrality; for all ber seen flees she reaped nothing but tte haired of tbe people and tbe ingratitude of their rulers The article (which may rather be called ahistoricaletsay,andofwhichIcanonlygiveabriefA bigot he, we rail him Dully,A aixmtlns. ouDciog. caoUoa cully; Stilled to plunder poor men's wages. Soaring piety bis rage la.has aspired others with sympathy; and this latter s n timet,t bas been manifested over a part of Europe with a force wbi^h cannot be disregarded. This creates a situation which neither the Emperor's government nor A lit tna can, on account of the consequences which would How from an erroneous appreciation of the dispositions of public opinion, fail to take Into very serious considers tios.Austria, Russia and Prussia bave at length formally ex- pressed their opinions to regard to the English precett- Uons, and it to credibly related that they bave fount fa- vor with neither of the three governments. For the mo- ment Austria will not actively interfere In Italy, even though the Central Italian States should be iaonrporatod withSardinia,buttheEmperorwilthardlyfailtotakead-It is stated that the Prince of Wales will sal! for Canada abstract) goes on to say that Russia will not be numbered at the latter end of Hay or early in June, in the line of among th, ee who learn nothing from experience, and for-Gol forbid that we should not be as convinced as vantage of any favorable opportunity that may present It-hauls ship Renown, 91 guns. The suite that will attendget the le*aoos taught them by history. She will never more appear in the character of a political Oou Qaixottebis Reyal Highness baa not yet been arranged, bat every If the Hungarians think proper to shake off the yoke of thing connected with this visit will be conducted on a tbe House of Hapsburg, it the Italians expel their pottyseals worthy of the mother country and calculated to do despots and recuce the Pope to the condition of tbe first apostle, If the Gei mans resume tbe work interrupted inhoaor to the American colonies.W> team from Japan that the American Minister had1848 and endeavor to unite their scattered members into one homogenous body, Russia wid certainly not prevent them- She will leave other nations to settle their inter nal affairs according to their fan y. and turn ber own at-ever) thing profane ani sacred, stuck on horseback, or drawn In barness. ever before got together. The fatthe body of Macaulay lowered Into his grave, in the Poet's Corner, near to Addison, and Spenser, and Campbell, anding that prevails on this subject among all classes wf tbeIt to stated that the Cahmeto of Berlin a id S tofOatbartoe lL.says the r*«stetic, the po.icyof Russia was guided on toe whole by ber interests; she carried on wars, but only against ber naturalresident of ten years, I speak wi h some authority; and certainly the curiosity displayed by all classes to wituess the procession on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday—theepatring ef suocesa without tbe cooperation of otherBart,thegreatestbringnovelist,andLordJoanRussell, Cabinets,ItproposedthemeetingofaCongress. Better aminedbyaconferenceoftbefivegreatpowers, btiMEW YORK HERALD, THUBSPAT, MARCH 15, 180O.-1BIPL* SHBBTaif tho eecotnu from hence had been propitious. The AustrisnuausmmdoDatseem to have understood that Itwas not so amch the tenor of the rlrithm prssosinoss thatsMocod our governmeat to dooane them, as the fact Ihatthey contain an or pari* settlement of a question in whtohall tto groat Powers of Europe ought to have n voice journals who disseminate through oar towns andsnTsntrten*coaatry places the poison of revolutionary deo- iriws with calumnies invented by demagogue.' agaiist tbe paternal and wise government of the Holy Father. Distrust those men who call them selves Catholics, but independent. Eighteen centartss since, the 8nviour cried, •'Expect false prophets." The enthusiastic applause of heresy and the enemies of tbe church tells us what we ought to think of their theories, alike perilous and insane.Words, I say, such as these, find a response in tte bosom of the ctorgy generally; and very difficult will it bo for the Emperor to stifle tte enthusiasm with which they are disseminated, by measures of repression.To turn to another subject, though still somewhat ecc)-- sasUcai—the expiration of the oarnival and the prooss- 8*on of the Boeiu* Gran, Witt which ail Paris has been occupied since Sunday last. Every year it to said that tbe time honored Bccuf Gras, whose origin may bs traced to a druiileal source, and which ex- isted as an observance In tbe streets of wont even then was Parts In tbe Gallic Invasion or Julias Ci*?ar, is becoming loss and less a matter of interest, andit may be so In the fuller signification of the term; batif by interest Is Implied curiosity, then I must say I do in England. population, hardly excepting the toweat Up to the death tot p*rcetve the justice of the remark. As a constantDalte Robert.poatuoa we have gained, n toinanv we may keep the rTHE ITALIAN NAPOLEON'SNEWPLAN Of OPERATIONS.of manufacture, are shipped off to ctothe the naked tot every clime "from Indus to tte Palo."No one believed tte division In favor of the Ministersmeat to thto onputotioa of Zurich, two Enveys, drat Countde Betoet, end a little later Prince Poaiatowska, whoseformer relations in Tuscany particularly qualified him for *?£?' S f L 0 0 w g t t U > < * l m " * »anoa,our frtoaoaVdRussia does not object on principle to the annexation ofday when the annexaooa snail s e a a accompltohed facti iwe should have organised a p»ww*JCentral Italy, the secumrtontlon of ths Papal dominions, IMBROGLIO. he,; hot she etoM object to have these important torritoIn value from one to five hundred per cent > in tte process While tbte pledge was given by the Emperor's govern nary thatonthedrial changes made the basis of a programme emanating from France and England atone, and whtoh to not to be deliberated upon, but simply accepted by tho other Pew- era. She does not refuse to take a share in conferences hat stay bs called to decide upon this question, but she rafsnes to eater them shackled by engagements to whicharmy.Th* •rniinuails of Ptedsaont ought to give saaaos to no"POBTr0FTHESITHl*M!lMlfl.fl shehasnotbeenaparty.The failure of the proposed Austrian man** t w f o rvehement.Too are acquainted, probably, with a class who dilate largely on '•native talent," -strong common sense,"ternal organization.preaence of the Aaaviaas ia Italy, fa, xUdtsommi UZATTITUDE OF GERMANY.sauatactwT. as it prsves that, in spite of the dissatorfection exnted here by tho tots developments of Napmeonia noooy, our government has not ths toast Idea of reviving tbeheiy alkenco, and jomiag la the sott revolutionary crusade so ardently desired by e>l ths adherents of abso- lutism and obscurenttsm tbroughoutZBurope. (f the Austrian and Prussian artotsoracy want to pot down re- voiuttoa and restore the rule of legitimate m marchv, they moot do so by themselves, and without the assistance of Irtiasms bayonets. An article published lately in one"great business qualities," he., rutmtM learning. What dotbey ray of talent sad learning oombiaedf It to very vernment did not hesitate to compromise its popularity,Urnsof Austria and her j inHiiij ipTSJuj -posed on our pomnment the oh^sanoae/iarms, whereas it Is needful lor It to devote itself to" undertaking* Tbis state of things, nowever, • iTHEBOIGIA BOYIT APRIZEFIGHT.American Sensation Preachers of our most tciluenUal journaw, ably exprewea i§#feel-fact, the necessity to felt of givteg peace to Bsrept, aadnamed the Atlas, Oljmpas, Marathon, Kedar, Hecla, have to pay a certain yearly tribute to the Pope as Suze- titude. Sbe may protest against the cession of Savor and notwithstanding what may be said about its decline, a Giraffe, Heron and Ostrich. The Scotia to for the Ameri-Is said that Ktmg Victor Kmanuel has accepted these pro ble disfavor, as tending to disturb the balance ot power possis, and that the hedmontese troops will soon occupy in Europe; but she Is not likely to join Austria or Prussia tothe Romagna.It is the Cbri.'tmas of Protestants. Then It is that old two to run between Glasgow aad Liverpool, and friends, who have long lost sight of each other, manage one between Glasgow and Belfast Besides thesename—a government wbich would find ils basis In the an- cient traditions whose trace to not yet obliterated in cer- tain portions of Italy.I do not suppose that these considerations bave ever presented themselves to the mind of the Emperor Francis Joseph, and they could not have escaped the notice of the Emperor Napoleon.bable event of foe Pope refuting the plan of a nominal suzerainty. Parma and Modena to be annexed to Pied- mont ia exchange for Savoy. The Sovereign of the new States to be tbe young Grand Duke of Tuscany, or aPrince of tbe House of Bonaparte; in the latter esse, pro- bably a grandson of Joseph, formerly King of Spain.Tbe strategic arrangements of Piedmont involve, by tost advices, the immediate formation of four effective corps, each of 40,000 men. Generate Fanti, La Marmora, and Claldmi are already named as future commanders ofthree of those armies; the fourth to kept in petto, bat » there to strong suspicion that Garibaldi's sword to yetty to announce that the Austrian government has that the report of an Austio Russian alliance in the. tap Chronicle, of the 26th mat., te entirely devoid of Idestined to flash to the beams of next spring's dawning. returns to TUim, with the most unlimited powers, to carrycussion idle and iruttless. But tbe question is not so pro measures against Papacy. But it tesnfflstent to o n s e n *The London Globe'i oorrespoodeni has authority to state thai 10,0X0 men are about to be despatched to Italy, to reinforce the French army of uocapation.The London cor respondent of the Momckti'tr Guardian, referring to Garibaldi's marriage, states that on the morning of the wedding, the General received Informa- tion as to the antecedents at his bride, which led to a long and stormy Interview with ber father, and to bis subse- quent departure. He has not since rejoined his wife, and an Austrian report says that the General has applied to the Pope for a dispensation from hto marriage TOWS.eve rarity to It, the Emperor accosted a young man withs empty sleeve pinned to his breast "Where did youlose your arm r" said hto Majesty. "At Solferlno," was Mr. Thomas O. Slack, a prominent member of Lloyd's, the reply. "What reward have you received f" "None, Dennis Kir wan and Dr. Grey, of Dublin, two of the Irishsire." "Send in your name to me tomorrow,and we will see what can be done"M. Fould, too, ban had a grand fancy ball, at which asstated the Emperor and Empress in domino. Powder and circumstances more auspicious than the advent of any pig tail for the gentlemen, hoops and powder tor the steamship company that hat been launched since the ladies are the rage; and it is onto- in Paris that toilettes of opening of the Cunard line In 1840. Messrs. Samuel- past ages can be revived without absurdity. Here, son, of Hull, are building the Ulster and the su:h to tbe marvellous taste of the designer—and such, Munater, for the Galway Company, and Messre. let it be added, of the wearer—nothing la ridiculous. Palmer, of Newcastle, the Connanght and the Leinster,pounded. France does not seek to substitute herself forAustria to Italy, the matter Is to constitute Italy herself ssan Intermediate party, as a kind of neutral ground, hence temptation to ber neighbors, and especially to one How- forth inaccessible to the action, alternately predominatingand always precarious, of one or other of the two Powers.opposing it by armed force. At the present moment especially, when the great measure of surf emancipation is about to be completed, our government to natu-to make a meeting. Then it is that tbe family jubilee nine, for Burns, Cunard, and Mclver, there are eightthee, the paramount importones of our domestic affairs must necessarily divert the eyes of government from abroad.Field Marshal Bariatinsky to returning to the Caucasus, where the work of pacification la rapidly progressing. Of the two great tribes of Circassians who still remained un- subdued, tbe principal one, the Natukiato. have sent In their submission, and given hostages of their fidelity, so that none bold out now but the Snaprooys, whose resist- ance con hardly be protracted much longer. The Minister of Finance thought this a favorable moment to propose a reduction of the Circassian army to the peace establish- ment, but this suggestion was overruled by Prince Baria- tinsksy, who insisted upon the necessity of keeping np an bAposnig force to confirm the Circassians In their good dis- positions, from which they might be templed to swerve If they found they could do so with Impunity. The Princethe increased bustle of the thorough'ares. And there is onlyore exception In the shape of those magatim which vendanything that contributes to the enjoyment or sustenanceof the body. Pastry cooks, epicures, butchers, ckarcutters tost are to run only in the Irish Sea, across the narrow or pork butchers, fruiters—all, in fact, who can help to strait between Holyhead and Kingstown, there will be give a fillip to the carnival by queUjue chose netra bon— little liability to confusion, or, as Mrs. Malaprop would light up additional gas, and fling their portals extra wide. say, "a mtearrangement of epitaphs." I hope, however,A grand ball has been given at the Tuileries, which did the latter will not be written for many long years to cot terminate till three In tbe morning. The number of come. 1 have referred to the Galway steamers as if you persons present was estimated between roar and five "knew" they were building, though I bear] it said thousand. It did not difler hi any reepeet from those that a great many in New York, among the sinister which I have so often described. There was the usual jealousies or rival linos affect to disbelieve that the Atlan- throng of uniforms, of gay toilettes jammed to death; the tic Royal Mail Company have a single steamer on the usual squeeze Into the room on the left of the grand stair- stocks at all. Perhaps if they will look In the Londonsupposing this conviction to be shared by the Court ofVienna, that Court could not make such an announcementWhat we hope from ito wisdom to. that if the difference ofprinciples may, and sometimes musUead, to different con- dation.elusions, there to no necessity that there should result, Another story would not be less startling, IT it when the honor of both parties are sate, disastrous conflicts, true. We have been told that, under threat ofwhich are far from the intentions of both Franco aad Aus- drawal of tbe French troops in Italy, the Central Italians tria. are to be called upon to think no more of annexation, batLet ua for a moment waive the minor incidents, end to consent to the election of a sovereign to Tuscany, to come straight to tbe point of fact which is the key of the allow the separate annexation of Modena and Parma isInto effect the extensive plan of improvements he has sketched out, Including a railroad across the Circassian Isthmus, from Poti to Dukora, by whtoh the Stock Sea will be united with the Caspian,Oar Parts Correspondence.PASIS, Feb. 21, I860,fas Xmperor and ike Pope—The Utrnival—Grand Pro- cation—Splendid Balls, etc —H'mfc <f tM Lima—AU On Bxird Suppmed t» be LoA but Tu»—Polittcal Item*— Osns>,eV .that the question at ittue is the peace of Burope, and that the peace of Europe hangs on the settlement of Jtatg. ff Northern Italy were took weak, she would be a standingThe government majority against Mr. Disraeli's motion Every one personifies his or her allotted character with Tbe Connaugbt is nearest finished of any of tbe lot. The Gazette de Lausanne gives the following, taken from to the British Parliament has had a decided effect here In an ease and agt'tnrat that make the whole a natural and She is to be of 2.860 tons burden, and 800 horse power,Elsewhere than in such a solution—which, I do not heai tate to confess, is net, if not as regards its spirit, at least as regards Its form, that wbwh was anUdpsted at Villa- franca and Zurich—I vainly look for any other not con- taining the elements of future troubles. Let this solu- tion, however, be realized, I do not say with the support of the Cabinet of Vienna, which the Emperor's govern- ment does net ask to obtain, but without its formalopposition, and the most penetrating glance can- those States would be baulked ot their strongest deeire—a Lucerne journal :— strengthening the belief that the budget—and consequent-The young wtf« of Garina'dl has arrived at Lucerne, ly the commercial treaty—will be accepted by the Houseto company with an adjutant of her hisband. theoUi- of Commons without any material change. The French cor being challenged to n duel by the General, replied toIt by flight. funds are more buoyant, and a general expectation pre On Sunday evening, the 36th a l t , the Iter. H. D. Nor- vslto that even the ocoJ clause, which has raised such a throp, of New Tork, preached In the Parilim theatre to hubbub tat England, will ultimately meet with approval The agitation among the manufacturers to daily subsiding,S72 feet in length, over ail, 40 feet wide, and 82 feet lu depth. The principal saloon is 110 feet long, and will ac- commodate 2C0 persons.a\ o any difficulty in coming to an understanding. Tothis identity of Interests I am authorized by the Emperorto state that there would be superadded on bis part thesentiment of private esteem for the Sovereign and govern-ment, who, iu circumstances equally delicate and momen- force. Those are the facta; they are known to ad who tous, should show towards him a friendly feeling whicha vary crowned assembly of the middle and workingclasses. Earl Shaftesbury and Lord Ktnnaird conducted and a more wholesome tone to beginning to prevail. In-Well for the cause of Garibaldi and nationality. In the meantime Victor Emanuel is constantly gaming in popu- larity, and tbe ovations that meet him to Milan and else- where are those only extended to a conqueror.from a Lucerne journal :—The young wife of Garibaldi has arrived at Lucerne, Incompany with an adjutant of her husband. The officer, being challenged to a duel by the general, replied with flightThus, apparently, one of the mighty giants that stoodin tbe path of the Emperor—the monopolist—shows was to be Imposed In France In imitation or symptoms of biting the dust; but there remains another the free trading policy of England. Great wasthe tribulations until the government found means to tang down Tory quietly at Sagoo, and, as the inhabitants whoso history may prove n resuscitation of the fable of allay the uneasiness. The fact to, the Emperor may flghtTH* ANNEXATION QUESTION.[From a Parts letter in the Independence of Brass*]*] As might bave been readily supposed, tbe four propo-sitions of tbe English Cabinet have been nowhere con- pletrly well received. In this state of things It is affirmed in official circle* that the Emperor's government, without absolutely abandon tog the Idea of a Congress or a, e f - ferent* for the solution of pending question!—a solution which every one baa been so Jong expecting with anxiety and impatience—has again come to an understanding with England, and has just seat a young diplomatist, to. Baudin, to Milan to convey to Victor Emanuel tne fol- lowing propositions of compromise:—the pniiminartea of the service, and with the entire audl-snos Itotsned with marked attention to the powerful ap-stead of any longer occupying themselves with addresses and memorials, thoF are beginning to think seriously of the best means of deriving advantage from the contemplatedAn important treaty has just been negotiated with Russia guaranteeing the Holy Places of Jerusalem to Rus- a supplement, a circumstance very unusual with that sia, and the Danublan provinces and Venotta to Austria, oracular journal. The quid nones, observing this, and tho with protection against all enemies within and without. eulogistic terms in which It was commented upon This treaty is said to be offensive to Fraaoe as well as topeals of the young preacher.The Spanish squadron had been compelled by bad changes, and many of them, by reducing their prices, areThe Mmiteur published Mr. Gladstone's grand speech Into Fat hack to Algiers. Marshal O'Donnell wouldendeavoring to open new outlets for their productions.to Babbitt in tan days from 28th uitThe tempestImagined they "smelt a rat"—and that an income tax'awgland.THE HEW ITALIAN IMBROGLIO.i advices mention that the French are satI do not, however, hesitate to say, even now, that if,with reference to international acts, to which the Court ofVienna has been a party on tbe same footing as ourselves,the Emperor's government cannot consider the peoaesnenoftheLegationsbytheHoly SeeIn anybut a temporalpoint of view, it none the lorn deeply deplores that theCourt of Rome, deaf ts its counseb, and it may even be•aid, with more reason, indifferent to the unanimous coun- young Duke of Genoa, nephew of Victor Emanuel, sels of Europe ever since 1831, as well as to the teaching being de-e'gnated. This Price- to only lire year* of age,, tho part will probablyhave to occupy itself with i of which has been often pointed at sea during by seventy-the Hydra—the monk with hto cowl and cassock. Here battles and win victories over the Austrians, the monopo-therearenosymptoms ofsurrender. Every town and listandthemonk,buttogetanIncometaxoutofFrance Napoleon's Vow Programme—Thon vends1. The project of annexing the Grand Duchy of Tuscany toPiedmontshallbecompletelyabandoned. TbeTuscan people ahall be called on to declare on the choice of the person of n sovereign. France would consent to thohamlet, every pulpit and pedagogue's chair, every sister of charity throughout every see In France, to either underdiligentlywouldbea sheer Impossibility. Theretolyingenougn Letter to Anstrtn—Tbe Annexation God knows, in England on the subject; but in France, P o l i c y , & « . , d i e .where, from the highest to the lowest a lie is a merediplomatic feat, to get at tbe troth with any amount of THE FRENCH MnUSTKB OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS TO THE approximation would be oat of tbe question. In the d a n AT/ASIAN QOVaKNMENT.Bay rwadVUto purport Of which to, that the despouerof events, has let things come to their present pass, and and to the eon of Elisabeth of Saxony, widow of toe late ofthekindInFrance,andexpectanyadequateresult, nal,MinisterofForeignAffairs,totheMarquisdeMoos- conditionthattheprincipleofnoninterventiononthepart Princesswho,afterhavingforsometimelivediaroUrn.and sateerst»f of oar Ztonbo made betwixt Christ and Belial. If thePope be the Saviour a Vicar, serve him; if Napoleon bs bo, serve him; bat two masters ye cannot serve.How sensible the government to of the danger whichthreatens •m a y b eaeon from thevariouscircularsBenefitM to Mnolamd-Literary MkcoUence in the fftmtt ofIfeceived them. We entertain toe Aim hope S t o l e n09$$ip—N«B Steamship Building Cabinet of Vienna will appreciate the character•* ourwhich day after day issue from M. BUtoult, the Ministeron high, and that theaethava to France only £6,000,000 worth anaaaUy.aad of this amount onlyHer/ shall we be silent sad sleep in false security,wh*a on ail sides public opmtoa to attempted to he se t i e carriers of tbe world's goods. All tte sa Assembly met and proclaimed htodepoetlton. Tneb a nhard to hear. Bat favors, andbenefits, and privUrges are all lost sight of since th •!• ol they wore certainly very Inntnimentoi hi setting up has dteco vered hto feet of d a y ; and they are ready to join to tte wards of tte Bishop of Katua and Clintons when he sa|»3—duced by perSdfeas ntoptos that would doceivd tte very iuatf Betovcd brethren, we tell yon pUdnlyto d strast these naoritegtoos ernshwm, w a s t e authors catttrtemsolves smoere Catholics, though independent, sad begin by trampling under foot the censures of the Church sgaiast die spoliators of tte Holy Chair. Distrust those dailybest wines of France, Spam, Portngalf Belly aad theRhine come direct to London, and from thtapoiat are sentafl over tbe world; of course, a great share of the finestbeing retained for John Bull'« own table. To this coaatrytte Una's share of tte grant staples of cotton, wool,linen and raw sflk are brought, aad after being Increasedgeneral situation, at a word, was already gravely com-promised when negotiations for the signaiure of tho •ado more proportional to th* now i a p o r U a t a* treaty of peace ware opened at Zorton.peror.The farewell to the Flesh or Carnival Is Indeed still,Cunard Company. One, the Scotia, is more than 6,000tons burthen—over 4,100 register—being the largest inthe world except tbe Great Eastern. The others arei . lordedtot tte i nnlwhich tbey would have to overcome to. iof their subjects favorable to Ithat a precteos time would not be lost nat.ostbscoa trary, what happened r TheJ governments whtoh bad renamed in jxweasion of their States did not aooompliah any of tbe reforms which the Imperor had in view. Tbe Holy See, thoorh showing itself somevschoolsS overjEowMM are maauiactured articles; while to AmericaGroat Britain experts abeat ££8,000,*00 at BrttJaapwdaotoalone. That slate of things will soon bo altered It isdifficult to tell what extensive good will accrue to Francefrom this treaty and Napoleon's app-oaches to free trade.Thaw regulations will land more and more to make Eagtoad the centre of the warm's commerce. London thogreat mart for financial exchange, and the English fore adopting a resolution which the interests ofTHE22DOFFEBRUARYDlLOHDOH. enemies, who excluded her (rom the sea, and threedaysallottedtothissemiheathen,semi-Chatboito deprived hercommerceof its bgiUmateoutlets. observance—wasneverexceededinmyrecollection. By these wars she acquired wealthy provinces, obtain*! The weather was by no means favorable. Every night the command of tbe Baiuc and Black Sea, and rose to the streets were covered with snow, which, partially high rank among the nations *f Europe, and all without thawing in the course of tbe day, left the grounl .in n any inordinate hacriaoee of men and money. The French miserable FtHte of tilth, and tbe atmosphere cold, raw revolution brought oa a cbauge in this policy, instead of and uncK-erii;g jo a cegree; yet the main thorough- couKUltiag ber own interests, Russia began to take charge fares Indicated in the programme through which TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH INDIA, of the interests of others. Russian aroues were marched this abeurd procession was to pass were daily to Italy and France to restore ' -or uer" anolTorce ty raanioai crammed <b suffocation. Deep files of every species sovereigns upon a relucuuit people; an i ifies • expeditions of vehicle, from the imperial coach downwards, were seenThe Atlanticand RedHea ICnter- ledIntheirturntothecampatgoaofAusterliizandFried harmingaboutinpatientendurance,andasforthofoot land, and finally t« the invasion of Russia In r He If and the passrDgers tbe streets were in many places utterly impri**e*. deeh uclion of hor ancient capital. Those disasters, it is passable During the intervals of its progress the scenepontics than U> the necessities Of their own country. but all were welcome to the ever gay Parisians, who Alexander I became a sort of peacemaker general in shouted for joy as character after character of the gro-Europe, ai.ii he was so long fettling other people's affairs tesque diorama moved before them Now, it was a dash-Nicholas, in the beginning of he reign, appeared inclined his wares by a car drawn by four whits I think that piety to on the decline Mr. Newdegate, been entertained that anarchy would invade Central Power might think proper to bring forward aa coaaaeted to pursue a rnore judicious policy, and to exchange the horses, filled with hte owners converted Into who Is the k<"/per of the conscience of the Church of Eng- Italy, and that the dissolving spirit of revolution would with the questions pending. In a word, Russia ihittkatbat the best and surest solution to be given to existing difficulties can only result from a meeting of the Pleat. potentiaries of tbe great Powers, without any decisions come to beforehand, and without any bases previoeato established, to restrict the circle or their dehDerations,The Vienna correspondent of the London Fistei, writing on the 24th nit, says;—true, were BOOB avenged by t i e overthrow of Napoleon and the capture of Parte; hut the advantages we derived from our succeeds were far frum Peuig equal to the Im-charged to proceed Itself to the restoration of the dispos- eeseed dynasties, without the result of the war being an- nihilated and ite objects disavowed r Could France, in her turn, without violating ber trincipks, do violence to tbe populations? I leave to the loyally of Count de Rechbergthat Russia and Prossia entertain the same ideas as be- fore as to the mode of solution to be adopted la order to remove pending difficulties and bring about the durable pacification of Europe It may be remembered, in fast, that the cabinet of St. Petersburg has always endeavored to eetablifeb that no hopes could l»e entertained of oowaag to a general understanding on the j-jinu which new ai- Tide tbe Powers, except by a meeting of their Plenipo- tentiaries either In a congress or a conference, aad by accepting free discussion on all subjects which eachwas enlivened by carriages full of grotesquo masks got up IDevery conceivable variety. , Devils, angels, gods Our London, Paris and St. Peters- mense keses we had suffered, while they conlrmod go- and godde^^e*. and strange animals, such as Noah's ark verunv^t :n their habit of alien ling more to external never saw, were mingled together in admirsd disorder;Tbe muckworm crowd have thefr "do"—their "penny8aTed"—why should not the men of g nius have their the task or replying to these questions. Tbus to the twoburg Correspondence.they both say and do. Rut while tbe learning in the A new fact must, however, be mentioned here. From that be bau no time to look after his own. The Kmperor irg speculator, who took . the opportunity of advertising HUUFP of Commcns Is both brilliant aad effective, what took place ten years ago, the belief might hareThe Australasian, Capt. Hockly, arrived at this port yes-terday morning from Liverpool, whence she sailed on too cot>ntctiun with Austria at>u Pruasia for an alliance with morris dancers, forresters, Esquimaux, or what land, and who inflates bis gasbag semi-occasionally, to let soon spread everywhere. These apprehensions have notnet; now a joliy band of cavalry, in powder and pigtail, mounted en curious Roztnames, such as DonQulxotte him- self might have envied, galloped along the causeway, blow Bg trumpets, brandishing sword blades, and cling- ing fast to tbe manes of their horses lest their knighthoodoff a blast against the College of Masnooth, has just been quoting Don Juan to the House of Commons. Since be and a lot of other bigots constantly vote tbe poet's bust out of Westminster Abbey, why should they steal his thunder, and his wloked thunder, too, to carry their heavyyet been realized; and to whatever influence that result, according to different opinions, may be ascribed, what Is certain is, that order has generally prevailed, notwith- standing the excitation of circumstances, and the irregu- lar authority of the governments. The unexpected spec-obtained a pledge from the Japaasse government that thetreaty of Jedae shail he carried out in all its integrity, and tention to the develop* nieni of bar trade, her agri- oxen adorned with garlands, with horns gilded, should "(>' rare Ben Johnson!" and many others; and now where reckon with insurmountable difficulties, which, even tho soon alter his arrival here he expressed himself to tb*culiuro and her manufactures, which are the only sure have been tbe cynotures of a 1 eyes, but the splendor of Is the Englishman that will propose a slab there for our Austrian Cabinet itrelf, as it proved by a rocett commit- oeriar* special points have been agreed to which are ad- foundations of political power and influence By not the mcadrmrnt was so great that the picture Itself was own Washington Irving—the man who has done more toeffect ibst it would be of vary little use to send htm to sa vanugeoua for trade. meddling in things that do not concern her, she will be almost forgotten Let us record their names, however, if make the Abbey itself and Stratford upon-Avon "pilgrim nicatlcn of Prince AMternich, renounces the hope of see- Petoreburg. It was also proposed to send the Arebdak*takes place, the child receives the grand guerdon of tbeyear, the wife the marital memorial, the hoary head htocrown of rlory In the sacny faces of those around him.Holidays are universal—the school, the public offices.the mercantile bureau, priest and layman, prince and ers building for their New York and Boston trade. You quility of the empire. Some time will elapse before soldier, proprietor and servant alike take tneir const. A may not be aware that the Company had selected formounted? It to the profound conviction of the Emperor's Some attention has lately been attracted to statements' sw—simply a kingdom to be formed to Central Italy, to before the extravagant hopes on one side and the no less and gay. To be sore, the shopsjeven the most thrifty, provinces of Ireland—Ulster, Leinster, Munater and Con government that the last of the four English propositions in certain of oar contemporaries bearing upon ths ItalianAnother letter to the time* says it is reported that theEmperor of the French to even now desirous to execute,IT possible, the stipulations of the Viilafraaoa treaty, andfor that purpose would wish the great European Powersto discuss the totter in conference on the following be- people get accustomed to the new stats of things, and city under such circumstances cannot bit look joyous them the four highly appropriate names of the four greatrally desirous of keeping clear from all external compli- cations, which might increase the excitement Incident to s period of transition, and seriously compromise the tran-more steamers of tbe first class, and, as a lot, of more in- terest yet to Americans than the others. You are aware the Gal way Company have four iron first class paddle steam-ccestst of Tuscany and also of the Romagna, in the pro- exaggerated fears on the other begin to subside; and until put up their shutters; but that drawback is atoned for by naught. But the Holy head aad Dublin Company have, tomay serve to indicate tbe means. It well knows that,even question. With reference to one of these we have authori-logical resuscitation.The American vessels in the port of Havre hoisted thoirflags half mast high as a mark of respect for the death ofCapt. Shannon, commander of the Luna, wrecked nearBarfleur. fl have not heard any other detail than that thevessel left Havre on Saturday with seventy-five emigrantsand a crew of fourteen men, all of whom are supposed until something turni up. The delegates from the Central to have perished except twojwrsons. Italian Confederacy at Paris have been sent home, andThe Ontette de Louranne has the following strange story various unpleasant rumors are afloat that do not augurnot thenceforth discover a cause of conflict between France and Austria: there will not remain, to fact, a sin- &le Interest of importance in Europe on which they canunity. As to the withdrawal ot the French troops we have no reason to believs tbat Franco has made any threat of the kind. Bat, en the strong supposition that she bad, the Italians, who could muster aa army ef 120.000 men, believe themselves capable of defending their own country and opportunities. Moreover, Austria has publicly declared that sbe will not resort to militaryof tbe republic something was said about it, but thewould be little short of Insanity.^ « n — • • - « » ,tier, French Ambassador at Vienna, of which mention has been made in tho journals —My preeedmg despatch made knowa*to wu^to^Jrooo. sJltons relative to Italy, of which the government o f f e r Britannic Majesty took the Initiative, t a d ^ r ^ mann£of foreign Powers to maintained, §> all the oornsgromifles and combinations which may be thought calculated to bring about a solution less radical than dismemberment.Yon win please to read this despatch to Count de Rech- berg, and give bun a copy, if he desires tt.THOUVENEL WHAT 18 THOUGHT Df 8ARDIMA.IFTom the Omaioao of Turin. 1Tne Minister of Finance nat just published his report onmeet, now does tbe booors of tbe Court at Milan.3. France tees no difficulty In Par s a sad Motena beingannexed to Piedmont.8. The question of the Bomagaa shall bs for the pro-sent reserved, to be hereafter submitted to a Cbamnao*. but France doe* not renoanoa-ber project ef placta/ tbat province in the same position \» regards the Holy See a the United Prmetpalttte* are with regard w the Suite*, The RObiagna would form a k i d of State, annexed either to the Grantf Dnehy of Tuaeaay or te Piedmont, whfcBOur London Correspondence. Loroo.v, Feb. 26, I860.4ffWn-Deflatof the lories on the FreeTr*l*-Leuemd*o vf Duties—The French Treaty and Usa certain extent, forestalled them, by getting ready their four steamers a little the soonest, and bestowing on them the four old Hibernian provincial names. As theserivals made a eacriftoe which should be directly to the case, where tea, coffee, chocolate, ices Of tvwf variety, Times of this day, Feb. 26—page 6, column 4—they will see advantage of the other; if the supremacy ia Italy, onlyand cakes In abundance, not forgetting that much prized an original article to that journal detailing the particulars, luxury of the French, rum punch hot and cold, and the names, tonnage, builders, and probabU time of launch- usual round of the Emperor, preceded by the unmeaning ing of tbe four steamers, destined under Providence to face of his grand chamberlam, the Duke de Nassau. To work out a new era for Ireland. The ubiquitous and ac-changing hands, was again to be ours for a time, thequestion would appear under an aspect rendering all dis-tive general manager, Mr. A. M Wler, in company withthe chairman, Mr. Harvey Lewis,Mr. 3. 0. Lever, M. P.,directors, are devoting all their energies and abilities to bringing out the line in June next—the commencement of the new transatlantic mail service—in a style aad underever strong she may be mace, it is inconceivable that she could be built up so stoutly, at least in our time, as to be in any way comnarable to France. The annexation ef Central Italy to Piedmont would create a State big enough to make herself respected, but not big enough to cause any alarm among her neighbor* This te an opinion England has all along maintained. To create • group of petty States would be to create a standing dan- ger to the peace of Europe; not only because the States would be weak and divided, but because the people efItalian affairs are not so promising. Louis Napoleon begins to waver and shilly sbally, and ha is evidently trying to gain time by a coarse of "masterly inactivity,"'his Majesty would ever appreciate. I need not add, that if the Austrian government adhered to the combination proposed by the government of her Britannic Majesty, the Emperor's government would feel bound to surround tbe execution with all desirable guarantees of sincerity, and that if any chance of a restoration remained for the dispossessed dynasties, we should take the most scrupu- lous care that it might not be lostYou will observe that I hare said nothing here of the situation of the Romagna, simply because that question has not been the object, like the Duchies, of express stipulations between France and Aus tria. I shall treat that subject In an early despatch."Thechurch in danger.'' Pamphlets, cards, tokens, arescatteredbroadcastby ,thatthosewhoranMinisterofthedayconfessedthattoattemptanImpostThefollowingtothetextofthedespatchofM.Suave-thatwearestillreadytolendoarsupport,onthesoleDukeofGenoa,brotheroftb*KingofSardinia.Itisthisof the Interior, and M. Bowtoad, tte Mlatoter of Pmblio fot (ktQmm* and Galway Steamship niwjiamil fl. aanraSaar-«~- is oar flnaoeial situation: be hasjoined to tt some voucher*, wonld be relterad at raaul from the scaeraJat/ of titamongst which are included the documents relating to Head of the Churcht i e wording «t those cireuJars to made ••"Ir/f- 1* fftr ffnr fTsiTiiiis/ Tbaawgi "nWitoi Affair*-. Lombardy These three propetttfoog will bs submitted to the Court•.everyTot It to clearly apparent that theb prepared, la vaJtoar nhraso. "toatondno non- • • • g ^ ^ w ^ a ^^" w ^^tejjgr^^w ^•»*^^»»j wMsjnpnwwnnnn'nswsF sananar*iotherband,theclergyevincesosymptomsofyieid-"-"«•Of Sardinia, with a request to conform its ulterior policy attoa. the prolongation of which would present the ?* Si .L' J * •* 1M», of 88,826,296 lires, and inltalr to them Should Ptedtaont ntt agree to the de- The curtain has fallen. Tbe meet important debate that gravest dangers to Europe, and I have consec^uenUy had * A ! 2 M » ' " » » « » l i r e a Total, tuMjmtom.' sire of tbe French government, •dfcteratioa to atodto la tho British Parliament an political saw to occupy myself above all with the njeeistf wttlar \n Accord tog to these calculations the deficit dartac the pre- have been to the despatch in qTteOtion that the * roaonl h r sent financial period will be about sixty-nine ntiluons. The affairsformanyyearshasjustbeenbroughtA**2^?TM**"*««fctfVduTm? troopswfflbetamtedtotebrwithdraw*fromjNorta*rntoaclose, GladstonenndthefreetradersareInhigh Z£Z??T' •St*!" *° ""enUve**ly of official 111 ^Mtow SaryT«bo*leavingtherteslinonteaBat^onedatonetogtoe, and point to one hundred and afantosja ma- 1»2*?^1%£L£*!!*<r<w>tewiSahiyoB unreservedly re-which may show itself in the sequel. In the totalof the exponees are ooaeprtaod those awSafsawfi by thVwarfunds of tbe treasury of tires89c,yieldingatotalof67, ©oneequeufly leaving a deficit ofIbe defintt of 18*0 (not inc.jority in the Commons against the entire tor/ force,imarhaa ^i^iJS^ . a\<•* Eaiperor, and bis Ma[From tbe Nord)In Tuscany the tmhtOBil guianian ad as tf tb*annexation was not to take place, or al any rate for sometime. Thus, though they send a ccointianoa te Torts taT take part ia tbe fcsionof taw now going TM<**7** **ft insW OTfaanattBsg * • • pnTCrVafnnwnnwl w f B l w a W ^ I l^^alkoawnw» wnVWf •ktytOttTOOTMavpOatatCwnt-OB*HOI»M Of••enaafVrtVmatn*lfnr»&ann*taatoI have reason te bebere tbat tbe French aoto roqtthingPtedmoot to gfve up all thoughts of tan annexation of Toscany was prmsatod to CountCavoor tnto moratag. M. Massimo d'Aaaglto, tbe Sardinia* Imsisasrlsr to 1 don, passed through Farts yesterday, in all hasTurin. HtejOoraeytodaal>tiamoo*ne*todwtth toeawayand h ^ra. A mostThe lovers of wtongsa tovtoi, nnfls the h,f^fr^y.I^^fretertthodatememorable eventfall, If I may se speak, of the remmiaceDoaarf'«t>,vtow»wahtoaugattadvosaaryofthedaybeforecaaractorixed in a proctomatJow -ssssmis&s£as3m%7,000,000 y and Parfortydifferent.boTHres.' ' "iimsn, and making farOf the £26,000,000 ($128,000,-•»A_^_^J___ • W ' " TM *** ***** »"Wtobacco, £6,600,000; ua, £5,400,000: £1,*00,000. Some othert ^ i B « S f r<*** *win certainly suffice to show how I 1 of lato that itnaVnfla Xslj4MO,0QO",w, £400,000; and miscellaneous articles, £900,000.Untitled Documentof saving money by simplifying thepart to thetttotrue.nor which may be re-think that the French refusal; and that in that Savoy.is quitea* troops wttl at onestaemphned in the n « of a uiuria —•-Forthwith"*.14411,400 - • & * w M *Isawsnaaahy,all bat attsto A . ^ £••?.?'S"" •«•*****»» the Emperor of£ S >?***."**•* oathe18thofJuly last^The Italy to about toto theirtorritor *•ato.lncreaatagasttwouldthedebtotthe-to follow cur counsels, thought right b>. adjeum ladsfl- nnely the realization of Its promtees Then; batawes,U 1tteteat Ae * *' ** *** '•^•wtnf. »wiAeTjMia^n « £ * ! ! ? <*••»•* , and that-the Jmds Ckaansjjportabfc « ( o sent (he igovernment maintainedtwos maafiested to tbe ~meat of venefttae. The Duke of Modens desired to return by force to fatsSlates, and tho Grand Duke of Tuscany, be-pressed ban to adopt without delay, waited so long thatpeace solely to a stecere alliance with]and m tbe augmentation of oar army, whtohof the two great houses, and tbe nKet eminent Chan-cellors of the Exchequer of the present century—Mr.Pitt and Sir Robert Peel alone excepted—are Mr. Glad-stone and Mr. Benjamin Disraeli; tbe one the first Greekscholar of the age, and the other one of tbe moat emi- sembled Eerope wonld realize tbe object whtoh tt pro burg, in reply to the English proposal for then.-mt litterateur* and novelists. Two others, only a little posed. Desiring above all things to fulfil its engagements, of the Italian question, bars mate couatsr proposals, M leas prominent as statesmen, are Sir E. Bulwer Lytton, but from the opposition manifested to Central Italy de be submitted to a future Congress after having been at-as any of the estates collected by the letter:—ployment of force to Impose a solution.1 will say nothing that can surprise Austria, and stillHere j on a mnckworm of tbe town might sea At hto dull desk, amid bis ledgers stalled,K'H up * ih c train? care and penury.\<0bi like to carcaaeparched on galiovn. tree '• A p*r>nv sa^ed Is a penny g «t;"Firm tc this ssuundrtl maiun keepets he.Nor of i'a rigor will be bate a jot,1 ni it baa quenched bisfireand banished bis pot.that sbe repudiates the principles upon which Eagtoad lated to offend her. But could that power have been bas based them. The despatch concludes by deoiartag"say0" When men of letters become statesmen, cases there was a moral impossibility of acting.nese:'But he hears not tbe voices of multitudes thatShatter tplrea, and steeples tumble, stakingf>ikaatchurchratesgrumble.The day Is coming when Byron will have a statue or aeby repartee, were over ready to greet them, and nobodyseemed to think the time long. At length, however, theprocession of the day began to loom In tbe distance.Headed by a posse of Sergent de Fille and a numerousbody of mounted municipal guards, all en gr mde tenue,with their snowy white feathers, formidable jack boob}and fine houses, their brazen helmets supplying the placeof tbe sut's rajs, came the well known ctr,covered with scarlet and gold, drawn by sixmilk white horses, and cootaininr. some fifty monument in Westminster Abbey. There is a monument any one of the sanctity of engagements. But did self for reinstalling the imperial and royal exiles. During individuals, personify Leg Olympian gods and god- to Soutbey, whom nobody reads; and to Snakspeare, whom France bind herself, at every price and by all possible the teat two or three weeks there ba< been aa active cor- deses, Venus and Cupid being especially conspicuous, everybody knows by heart- to Andre, wh? was hanged, meaiis, to re establish on their thrones the dynasties respondence between tbe Austrian, Prussian and Russian but towering over all in huge beard and ponderous wig and who ought not to have been; and to Castlereagh, who of Parma, of Modena, and of Tuscany r Neither the governments, but it has led to no reeuh of importance, and sat Father Time. To attempt to describe the particular should have been banged, but was not, as he saved the tbe stipulations of Villafranca nor those of Zurich have Austria is nearly, if cot quite, as isolated now aa she mriivaua)s who followed the car, would, as Homer said. people the trouble and cut fete own throat. Amid all these assuredly such a bearing. France only promised her was in the spring of the year I860. Men in otao aver when commencing the catalogue of the Grecian ships, re- incongruities there is no place for the name or any record moral co operation—a co-operation of which we must, tbat there never was any question .of sending Priaoe Al- quire lungs of brass. Never was such a motley group of of the author of "Cbilde Harold's Pilgrimage " I saw alter eix months etiorte, admit the impuissanoe. Her exander of Hesse to Russia, but it te possible that tb*regret—let not the Cabinet of Vienna doubt it—is sincere Emperor did not communicate his Intentions to his official and profound, and the Emperor's government expresses advisers. Bs this as it may, tt te certain that the Priaoe it w;thcut hesitation: bat that government is obliged to was summoned to this city by electric telegraph, and thatAccording to the Paris correspondent of the London able to act wiih more energy when her Interests are the description of their obesity is beyond us. Soltorino. shrines" than any native of these islands, as the two ing solved by the it fiuenco of a rocgress Albrecht to Berlin, but the idea was relinquished almostftsvt, the Italian question is progressing to a settlementon the following basis —Tuscany to be annexed to Piedmont, but the Tuscanpeople may i hxne their own ruler, with the exception ofPrince Kapoieoii. and it is said the Prince ete Carigaano laelao excepted. Modena and Parma may be annexed toPiedmont, If lbs peopie desire it fbe Romagna, also, pretty closely with the views of our Premier, Princesf it suits them, may be governed by a vicar from the Gorbchakoff. As k»g as he continues in office, therefore, family of the Kiitg-of Sardinia, ana tbe Romagna will Russia may be expected to persevere in her neutral at-related here that Prince Oortschakoff had toot the c o o t . dence of his imperial master, bat the Austrians have re- cently made the unpleasant disooverv that the Rnansn Minister for Foreign Affairs is not likely to quit office, sad tbat be is as unfriendly to them as he was three years ago.The imperial government believes tbat the poBOcal agi- tation in Hucgary has subsided, and that in future things will go on much more saasfaetory, but It deceives itaea*. Tbe Hungarians entertain no Idea of offering open opposi- tion to the will of government, but tbey will maintain their sjatem of passive in stoma Bit "until the nation boa regained the rights of which it was unjustly deprived ta 1849.'' Motwlthntandtag th* sasaraaoas which are siren me, that tho Hungarians will "never" have recourse tavteienoa in order to obtain the restoration of their anoteat privileges, there to aa impression on my mind that there would very soon be a general rising in the eastern pror-really at stake, and If she forms alliances it will be for Magenta, Paltstro Zurich and Villafraoca were great nations bave a common property in Sbakspere andMu&t we be indefinitely stopped oy such an obstacle' aa soon as it was formed. For some time it was generallyMust we shut our eyes to the daog< rs w th wbich this state of uncertainty threatens all Europer Must every- thing be left to chance, at tho risk of swing purely revo luUonaryeentimeuts necessarily take the place ofthoie which we do not ask Austria to approve, but which she cannot expect a government based on universal suffrage to condemn absolutely • In this perilous game, the mo narcbicel ideas which bave never ceased to characterize the Italian movement would soon give way to ideas of another kind. Tbe populations would at last get accus-rain, the amount probably being three million francs. It Mtoeto France, which is looked upon hare with considera- very Important epoch In I'aris,and in France generally. can service, five are for the Mediterranean trade, tomed to a mode of government which only wants its reala definite and practical purpose, and not for the defence of obsolete theories, whiobtmust be ultimately overthrown by tbe inexorable logic of facts.there, courtley appellations, and one proprietor, M. Macaulay, do not all who read the English language claim Adeline, in the arrondissement of Bayeux (Oatrados), tbe author of the "Sketch Book" as a countryman? reared them, and one butcher, of the name of Fleebelle, Vou will see the constant strides made in the steam bad the honor of purchasing them. Both personages had shipping of this country. There are nine large new In consequence the honor of being presented to the Em-The above article is not official; but I believe it coincidessteamers now in the Clyde, and nearly finished, for thehto Majesty a government, ia preseacu of tbe laofflcacy of those measures, aad seeing the arrangement whloh tt had promise J to support opposed tbe more strongly the more it was insisted on, thought that the authority of as-al:tg Italy.give its answer to them to ooaceit with "•gfndA Parte tetter in the Independence B.lgt says :—The reply.of Russia to the poposiaoas made by theEnglish cabinet for the arrangement of tbe analrs of Hair one Jemmy Thomson by name, has described the day- of Use Lypothfsis which the court of Vienna long knew has been received. Russia does not reject tbe fuur petaw book and ledger crowd In lines that will last quite as long that we neither could nor would accept—that of the em- in an absolute and direct manner, t>ut discusses then with much authority and moderation. Aliooogh sue does not recommend their rejection, it results froaa her stsawnaatit docs not adorn. One of the literary class, they were already on tbe point of meeting.Tbe Emperor's government thus found itself in presenceless would I allow a single word to escape calcu-en theftwith regard to the govern-The Emperor's government, nevertheless, faithful to Theallumceceacnlybeofgreatuseto asarearha. togasufflctent force ourselves the allies, ia maLsasTarts promises, frankly admitted the reserve of tbe dynastic right to ask as to make ourselves strong eaoT5male ourselves strong enough u »righto la lnscany, la Modens, and even to Parma, al mm ta mmties,sad it to our amy te bsnsay a wtboagb nothing was agreed to at Vlliafrenen In favor of T^£XZ*£ > ** *'**J tebsitbe misotoa, were charged to proceed to Central Italy to allies WbeaUieAnstilanjouraatoattrfbntowariiM'B^wonld bare shown at large a majority. la fast, it was give counsels and exhortations the hnproawhn which octalto oar government tbey know perreotiy wrt^'-ra' their language anntproninrHasj natnart suffices assuredly to alktog aoeseaae: for If tnere be one State a a V s w J ?currently reported and largely believed that they were to demonstrate the sincerity ot them I appeal without fearbe defeated. The opposition from divers quarters seemed on this po*t to the information which the Court of Vienaa lertataly Piedmont, which mast ifmay have collected.Entertaining a strong - desire not only to fulfil Mspromtees, bat labor effectively far tne success of as ar- rangement which appeared to it calculated to assure the tranquility and Independence of Italy, the Emperor's go-devote iu care to toi to Weareondergotogthedlaattrotaenecta caused by teefbe language which It employed at the same period atcommon for "men of business," cent per cent speculators, Turin was equally Ann. But ail its efforts failed In pre- to nearly aU the States of Europe It to prectoeiy uwto hold In great contempt mere "men of totters," "lite- rary" men. Look at the present House of Commons;sence of the renstaaos of the populations.tor reason that we hope it will not last long. Everywhere, isAfter having thus multiplied ito measures to bring aboutaye, and tbe House of Lords, t o o _ T h e two leaders a reconciliation between the princes and their peoples, putting an end to the cause of the discontent that to nat-^ rf i ganeminentauthornodwriter.ThentheNestorofde- thananyotherPowerAustriaknJWSthepersevereoee fuithersaidthatM.Thouveaol,onreoaiptofthancoas- bate in the House of Lords is old Harry Brougham, ths with which we pursued that line of conduct. She knows ter proposals, stated that tbe French government **1Wbtn the employment of foreign force is excluded from aces of this empire if tbe war should be renewed in Italy. ell these combinations, how to the difficulty to be sur- [From the London Globe, Feb. 29 ]situation. Italy, for centuries past, has been a fold opento the struggle between French and Austrian influence;it must be so no longer. If one of the two Powers formerlyPiedmont, and to give up the Romagna to a reserved aad unexplained destiny.We have reason to believe these statements are far from being correct. It te known well enough that, from of old time France has desired to surround herself wish weak States, and has been disinclined to take strongortoto^fS ^ f. *• •***«»«*ot theMinWeTwe have aflt ortnenttreyearloan of one hundred million,, rained by national subscrip!iuffl0•L" oon^oca which it was * * « • * extraordinary unforaeaa expenses, tho urgency of and to all the hazards of revolution,.!*!^*° °*•* ****".•*« Prootdeathe eventualities of a fresh struggle with the Austria**,Me milfl b>rb11 mntbaa! °°* * * * *and unexpected tarn of affair* From all I caa ton z ni\^^^^Lit£^^^ from Italians here, the King of Sardinia will rnfuse to ac- cede to to* French ptopsaste, come what Bay stosaa-**-;-««-But does tbe i^L^I j?* «^ *^rrw»^iher to which a lasting peace to? ttTHE ECSS1IX. ACSTBIAN AND PBC38IAN KhTLY fO KNGi-lSH FnOPOSAin.command trustworthy Information; and tbey are In them- selves a sufficient answer to the stories we have lately read from Paris about a change in French policy. nanowgb he fend oar/ had a j tarone sbxe the great Revolution*nm turntothoautama(whenthe PriSee Watgent fl^^ &*prMweamadela}m&aawtoadcaree"i, will only have herself to „,if sheAmman op PBTSRIA AND Arwntit.which to no forei- doe* not progress regularly ta order and in libertyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York1to?Intantfani nf,3069www.fultonhistory.com 