 tmI.' ;I i\§14NEWiYORE DAILY TRIBhe found it neceesarjr to .naake^ -some ;Baortfice^r? HMKBSBMY^'iaEBMf 19*?a$60,ff was he not just as much personally interested in the•T u s c a n y , P a r m a , a n d M o d e n a t o P i e d m o n t . T h e SardinianChamberswereopenedonthe2dinst., andthe;Kingmadeanaddress,inwhichhecon- gratulated the country upon the advanta- gious termination of the war, acknowledg-u n i R t a n c o f o r M r . W e n d e l l ; b u t s o f a r a s t h e r e i s anycontradictionorinconsistencybetweenthetwo, it can hardly be denied that the testimony under oath muat take precedence of the volunteer certifi-cate.l e a t e d . Mr.HOUSTONrepliedthathisobjeotwa«to,defeatt. '{DR. MARSH condnues to apply his RADICALCV*JB Taoes with racces*, in effecting permanent core* of Her-nia or Rapture. Ladies wailed upon by a female in private»ooms. Also, TacMats of every kind for permanent re- France, and one of Switzerland. The Moniteur hntien Of" Ropteue Bathing Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder-has not yet been practicable to pay for labor other-The Herald' attempts to offset against Wendell's wisethan intuition, &c. The trustee!value the popular government. Tbe more it is discussed,the citizenstroutthemaseuch,andnotbeforo.0RJMr.WILSON(Rep.,Maes.)calleduphisresolutionwm——*-in*''A."''•.y-fw^AK<yt^^McMFBL~KNbx hae achieve* one COTOK, IKTTJIHIA, and CoSoUXPTioir *re rspMly oa r e d ^|t h a t .rumorv^bicRdrewforthhisoafdj andwaBnotthat pation; of Nice by French troops toot place on the carl published for the very purpose of evading aSoutb. \ , . •YouarerightinyourconjecturewJ^S^UbytZu.^«t M- »»W effort, «'Tb« 3*n*a*loa St^^rJfST^hoi* w*soUlbenefiti'.hm.bwnpwd^a.«C<JTM&»7iV*l«a,whicheomonm mvaried**»©r«n«>Btofnovel- Si .ffiWMW, illbU•*«**W*rtnm,No.«Lt•»KcmyBD;)Bsr' '\S' udge WfiJiarjufg appointment. We tuppeted it woitdbe peculiarly acceptable to younalf, and that he might(imy health until the end of my term. be done, in any event.With erery »entim»int of esteem,t I remain alwaj s *looerel J jovxiBiir&*dlToHon.KonB»T J. WAMKJJK.But God'g willfriend, BUCHANAJT.CHABLESTON-r-A NEW PLATFORM. »T 3XTLXA CAtUTT RHRIJCHAHDTToChariecioiaaow*h*awanainghorde* Ofpolitician»bony.Wbu«pktota,bowU-krihr©*,andawordi 8wtt quick«r for the flnrnr;The Dou*>a« filen mre »t*rch aad bravo, TboOoihriewen»«e*teady.Andall—oar»ii>kin*Sut«to**re— ProfeMtheirleadenready.. .Bttehanes hope* to win the priax>, And Breektnridga la e«gex:Joe Xese look* on with longing eyea. But think* hi* osanoea meager; STidell ha> got a f«w keen friend*,AndCobJha*"cleangoneunder," Andeiethedoubtfulquarrelend*WeTl aee the " po-arer of plunder."But, Heaven be thanked ! of onetiringyet Theaebroil*barenotbereftus—S»TTK*B platform of - Reforra ia Dree*"— That RRKAT noon still i» left n* !Ho matter wbo may win tbe fight—• Fortbey arenote*trioter*—The SMITH* WIIJ. MXL Srfcrxe eoona »on CASKTO HOTEL-KEEPERS.-MEYER'S^ ItoACULOTOuSTSy,andiSd^tNofoW^Broadway,andbyallDruggUt* everywhere. Price & centa, and » L!FORnewstylesofCARPETING, go toThe Federal Council of Switzerland had addressed a notetothePowers whosignedthefinalactof Vienna,askingforaEuropeanCongresstoconsider whether it is in the interest of Europe that the road of the Simplon, wMch, according to article 80 of the final act of Vienna, is to be possessed by the King of Saidkia, sheuldbeceded toFrance,who, by this road, could penetrate into the very heart of Switzerland. Russia, England, Austria,-and Prus- sia, in reply, had pronounced in favor of tha imme-TESTIMONY OFMB.SCHUABEL.MR.BUCHANAN'S LETTER TO R.J.WALKER.0EIGINAL ANTI-LECOMPTOar TIEWS,' •Afloctlnff Hhow of Presidential Piety.SpecialDUpatchtoTh*N.Y.Tribune.W ASHINGTON, Wednesday, April 18,1800.EllisB.Schuabel,beingswornbeforetheCovode^Committee, testified, as follows:Question 1—Were you ever shown a letter datedJnly 12,1857, written by the President of the United States,- to Gov. Robert J. Walker, the latter then in Kansas 7__a-re.T—I never paw but one letter in manuscript, writtenbythePresidenttoGov. Walker, andthat, I believe, bore tbe da*e July 12, 1857.Question 2—Was it sho-wn to you confidentially, or fre you at liberty, without violating any promise of iecrecy, to speak of its contents ?Mr. Stevens. Gen.Harreyhasbeenorderedtocommandtheex-peditiontoUtah,botwemustcontinuetohavehi* withyou,at.leastuntilyouareoutofthesroodt. Kansas is vastly more important at the present moment thanUtah. Thepressure uponmecontinueswithout intercession. I pray that Divine Providence, ia wltieh Iplacemytrust,may graciouslypreserveraylifenodThe. Metlxodi8t Episcopal Conference, i a BeB«icn S*m< BROTKMW* One-pric* WholeaaJe and KeUil Clothing in this city for a week past, adjourned yesterday,nouncement of a European Congress on the Swiss question. They were quoted at "94$<®£. Bread- stuffs were steady.. BVCHANAN'S XXCTXJSB..If anything could add to the peouliar contemptdisparage Buchanan.M r .Wendellthan towitewashM r .TO VAXQ ClftBKD A S » TO VICTOa* ! Watwrooca*. Ho*. ! » , 13*t and l<o Kata-n-t. New-Ywk.EuecAXT SPBJCSO CARPETSIFrom C*M*L.UT k. So* s,Ter »bip« Chancellor and Orient, KOpirceaKxflLI4HALBI>AiiIOxCAX?«T8!ROTAL \ H.TXTS,A F R I C A NThe deficiencies of our existing laws for the sup-pression of the African slave-trade—at least accord-CHI-RCH C^RntTJ,S-fr*xD» Enjtlfeh Brn**«l«. umall fignxea. v«lr*t C*rp*tm »t $ 1 25 p*r yard. Croaaley'* BruHels, S5 cent* per yard. Damaak and T U eFloor OiM«th»;An plegaat article.H T X A V_ _which the country entertains toward that " old ing to the construction put upon them in this andAnswer—I am under no obligations of eecresy what-,Lowell Three>ply andInarain Carpets.20.CQ0 yaxda Ingrain Carpeting. 3/ and 4/ per yard.ROBERTRAIT& Co.,No. 161 Broadway, corner Warren-*t-, N. T.,Offer, at V.'hoie«ale and Retail, a very large and complete assort- mentoftraints; at this time Gov. Walker was exceedingly in dignant and angry; he also "freely expressed hjs fearc e e d t o t a k e t e s t i m o n y u p o n h i a n o t i c e a t h i s p e r i l . - The House Post-Oliice Committee to-dav agreed to a reduction of the charge on ail letters delivered byGOI.T» Axn Sn/vMt WATCHB*, By all th« c<->brated soaker* ofLondon*Liverpool, andAT Rr.nrc»n Paicx*.PEK>*O»SWISHTXGCLOTHINGwilldowelltocall and examine one of the latent Spring and Summer style* of the nae*Extensive,New.T«aty,andFashionableStock*ofRBADT- MAOXev«r otfered, andwUibe sold te**thaa atany other«Srtab- Uthment in ttri* city.liquor at their peril.IntheU.S.Senate,yesterday,numerouspetitions on the subject of Slavery, presented by Senators Sumner and. Collamer, were laid on the table by- a strict party vote, the Democrats all voting in the affirmative. Mr.SlideD'sresolution,to adjourn everythreedaysfromto-daytillthe1stofMay, wascarriedbyavoteof26to22. Thisisequiva- lent to an adjournment for the whole period, toto-day lor Charleston, including the Hon. Fernando their voyage, and have been captured on by being not too precipitant, although he stated, witb from New-York.X.YOS^sHitAGNETIC IssncTPownRK-The eld and only article to exterminate Bed Bog*, Roaches, Ants, Garden last ct*. &c, without Poison.Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) moved"to lay them on the mentofGov.Walker'scoureeinKansas;Iwaspar-table.Geneva,• 'determined empbaeie, that inasmuch as the President the coast of Africa, generally by British had suddenly changed front, emce the date of thatThe Republican Senators had a conference to-day to take inso consideration the subjectof theNicaragua Trt ty,which,itwiltberecollected,wasrejectedand* tbe vote afterward reconsidered. It is understood their object is to modify tbe objectionable clauses, so that the President cannot use the United States forces for the piotection of the property and persons of Ameri- cunsintbatrepublic,withouttheconsentorauthor-"SOMETHING N E W . — A BEMMER, TUCKER, pose, and engage local trocps to do the work. The Fxixxa,Brs'ozitandOACCXcombined,justpatented. Simple,n accidental d'scussion with Attorney-General Black, wanted different information than that which wouldpon the truth of the existence of such a document as ceme from the W ar Department.he orje referred to in this testimony—he denying, and His resolution had created a sensation in certain sflirmii'g; he declared that no such documents quartern, and strong effor a had been made to changeexis'fd, andneverdidexist; ItoldhimIhadseenit; i'.sdirection; atdhehadbeen'approachedevenbypo- etjfOrmcdthatIwasmistaken;tbatif such a letter liticalfriendstoinducehimtodoso.xisted,nogoodchVzenwouldwithholdit;Iinquired Mr.DAVISkne•—•nothingofthat. Iftherecordsof of him whether he invited its production in tbe name the War Department concealed anything, then he would of the Prteident; he replied, ^es; that he challenged vote for the fullest investigation. Tne only motive heand Reform g tbe Hair. Laoies. try it- Sold by Druggists-to keep the peace, at least in Hertfordshire. The returns of the election in the provinces claimed by Switzerland show the election of five partisans ofpaper charge implicating the President, and with whichWendallhadbeenconnectedbypublicrumor,thiswonld bo resaonable. On the question of submit- which he was irreconcileably opposed. He was will- room, 50 cents per month; wood $ 2 per cord. It sas, I am willing to staid or fall. It is tbe principle of other persons, but he was not willing to exteidittoN o . 4 8 0 S r o a d w a y , N . Y .village of Western, Linn County, Iowa, eight miles f r o m C e d a r R a p i d s a n d s i x t e e n f r o m I o w a C i t y .Walker, or any other person, pretended to have such a d o c u m e n t , i t w a s a m e r e p r e t e n s e t o c o v e r u p a p r e - tended or intended treason to the Democratic party, orthe Mafaett Medsd at the Pair of the American Institute, with to the Chair. A Committee on permanent organi- the highest Bcemimn for fine Sewinp-Machine work; also, huh-It v as located in 1856, in advance of settlement, on a mere pretext for deserting to the Black Republican positive and detailed testimony of the same Mr. a tract of two hundred acres of prairie land, with a ranks; he farther added that if anyone attacked theeai P;endum at the Fair of the Franklin Institute, New-Jersey fkate Pair, fcc, kc Agent* W.nteo. Office, No. M>3 Broadway.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. ** W e prefer them for family use."—f Tribune.** They are the favorite*for families."—iTimes.Office, No. 5«5 Broadway, New-York.To TAILORS ANDCLOTHIERS.THI Oxovaa at BAKXK Sawiao-MACHixx Co- invite the e«- peciaiattentionefTailorsandClothierstotheirlarge,new, Arable-speed SHUITLK or LOCK-STICK MACHO*S, made ez- M6*alyfermsnolaoturingpurposes. Piiee$50. FortaleatNo.495Broedway,New-York,andNo.182Pulton-st.,Brooklyn.STARK'SGRWJ11CAU.Y PxaPAazn Gi.cx.Per Pacoiiy use. 25 cents ymr Bottle, with Brush. Foa SAL* ETaaTwuaaa.M a n u f a c t u r e d s a d f o r s a l e b ySrAiut Own. COXPAXT, No. 51 Idberty-st."~~~ ftfALDiNG's PREPARED GLUE. TJasnrn m avxxr Hocsa.FOR SAXX KnxrwajtRX.jfaflBBJaeftPod by H. C. SyAtnrsa It Co., No. 48 Cedar-si.Post-Ofiioe______Boa___)___ ""BA^CHFXOR'SHAIRDYE,WrGS,andTOUPEESaieuntivaled. Theyaxelight,easy,darable,andfittoacharm. pcabrinkmcnorturningup Debind. BATCKKLOR'SHAIHDra, ibebestintheworld,theonlyharmlessandreiableDtaknown.Apply at the Factory, remove^ to No. Hi Boud-»t. SANFORD*8 LIVER INVIGORATOR and FAAHLYCATHAXTIC Prixsv—Relisble medicines for Bilious atttcks. Dyspepsia, Siok-Headsche, and all kindred diseases. Sold by ail L>rug*i.U. Biittclpal ethoe removed to No. 308 Broadway, pornerof Kolton at.PARKER BROH.' CelebratedLONDON CLUBSACCX is »up«rtor U*all others now iu use, and sold at a muchleas rate. inoispen*abie at the breakfast, lunch or dining table,onehs*onlytoprocureabottlefromanyrespectablejrrocertotest iu savory qualities. Order* supplied by A. J. PAKXXK, NO.15Beetm&n-st.,solesg«»u fof __ UnitedStates. ' warrants would atoncebeexecuted,andthepar-BAKRY*S TRICOPHEROUS in the best and cheapest ties be required to find sureties to a heavy amount astiol* lor Dressing, Beautifying. Cleensing, Curling, Preserving,Braoes, Suspeasory Bandages, 8ilk Elastic Stocking*, Knee-Cops, announces that the French Government recalls thearticles of theConcordat providingthatnobull,brief, rescript, orotherdocumentfromtbeCourtsworn testimony. The very reasons urged for giving preference to the statements contained in the card, namely, that they were spontaneous and made in generalterras,whiletietestimonywastheresultoftotal present property and assets of the college at stronger it wiJl become. Should the Convention ofKansas adopt this principle, all will be settled harmo- Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) said tho Committee did$54,300, while its debts are but $13,000. But owe niously ; and, with the blessing of Providence, you will not incorporate the amendment of the Senator fromk t o uM*jM* A Co., No. » Vesey-st., (opposite St. Paul'* Churoh) N . treturntriumphantlyfromjourarduous,important,and California,becauseitwaspartiallegulation,andbe- r*sponsible station. The strictures of the Georgia and cause Congrtsa had excepted mineral lauda from theM' 'S*# "oriricalappliancessciendncallyapplied,by KANE'SRANGEandHEATERisthemostdurable,neednotsaythattheyarestraitenedeverywayformeans,andthatthemanuallaborprinciplecanbeforHalifax,Noer,L u i i hi nHOLLOWAY'SPILLS.—TOperionnTits^dutiestationprevail*,saysthePariscorrespondentof - roperly the brain demands a larger supply of blood than any'ulpritputs forth when charged with an offense,Toavoidcounteifeita,takeonlythatwiththeprintedmm*orexpedition of the Fruitiers Society in Switzerlanddent. Besides,itistobe observed that thecard only,referstotheuseofmoneyfor"electioneering purpoee8." It is entirely silent astoitsemploy- ment for the support of partisan journals, the one application,foraughtthatwesee.beingjuntas nefariousastheother. Neitherwilltheobjection avail, that Mr. Wendell is not sufficiently explicit en this head, and that he does nottestify to an ar- rangement in terms, butonlytoan understanding. The arrangement for the support of the newspapers, seems from the testimony, to have been perfectly explicit, and to have been made with the President himself,,thoughevenbaditbeenotherwisebetween two such experienced persons as the President and Mr.Wendell, many,thingsmayhavewellbeenun- derstood which were not actually expressed. W eCol,CamminghasbeenappointedGovernorofTJteA. Thiswillcausebisplacetobevacantaftertoebrief AN INTERESTING REVELATION. periodrequ'red forsettlingop biabuslneee,andIcer- tainly shall be disposed to fill it by tbe appointment of:• ithepropiietort,"S«THW.FowakCo.,Bortoo,"ontheouter hadfailed,andtheparticipantshadbeenarrested.wrapper. . • .. ': -••-•••••••••'•••• •'":—'•••••"••••••••-• G.8. HCMPHKBYOi Co'S,No £24 Broadway, opposite St. Nicholas HoieLH MTHURSDAY, APRIL J9, 1860.Kepnblican IVatlAnal Convention..CHIOAOO, May 16-sine die. W e print elsewhere tue appointments of preachers.*»The Board of Police Commissioners yesterdayentered npon their duties. Mr. Bowen formally O m a GAXPXTS. atsnmed the powers of General Superintendent, donating his extra compensation to the? Library Fund of the Department. A sergeant and five patrolmen were constituted a Sanitary Police. T h e p o l i c e s u r g e o n s , w h o h a v e h e r e t o f o r e h e l d s i n e - cures, were admonished that a great deal moreA : M > K X M > " S »No. 9y flowery.o c c u r r e d , I s i n t h e i n s t a n c e o f t h e O r i o n , w h o s eofficers were carried the other day into Boston, inwhich vessels seized on the charge of being fitted that tbe Preiident would not only destroy the Demo- local carries to one cent.•would be expected of them hereafter, whereat they writes to urge upon him a faithful adherence to thegrowledverysavagely.tobe notified that hereafter they sell unlicensed toacceptor rejectthe Constitutionthenabout tocraticparty,buttbecountrywithit;Iurgedimme-Theliquordealersarealsopolicy of leaving the people of the Territory freelyoutfortheslave-trade,afcer beingdischargedbyA large number of Delegates and others left hereTH* CT;&TOV Roov is stocked with flresb Goods from Europe, ' enable Senators to attend the National Conventions " fide residents, who have been long enough in the cover under which it is now conducted. •ad J* not surpassed as tr» Style, Taste, or Cutting.tbe matter wiwi numerous persons at intervals, daringFun-sit*Mijro Goons, —or rather, the Democrat! 3 Convention at Charles- TastetuHy aelectedl and in every variety. Particular attention is ton. Mr. Trumbull's motion, to reconsider the vote paid to th* Children'* Department." Territory to identify themselves with its fate." " O n t h e question o f submitting t h e Constitution t oa yefirand a half, at least, I feel perfectly free to speak Senator Wilson, w e are glad to see, has intro- oi its contents.^"trill'becovic." Again Gov.Walker isadvisedTo provide for the caee of slaves from Africa actu-ally landed on our own shores, it allows an equalrewardfortheirseizureanddeliverytotheMarshalof the District. It also puts the fitting out or Buchanan; I consider the letter an unqualified indorse-In all cases where persons are not pleased, their money willby which the Senate .refused to adjourn for thirty days, which resolution w a s again rejected b y a vote of one only, will, it is to be hoped, serve to keep the House alive to a sense of duty. Congress has quite enoughlegitimate businessof itsowntoattendto, and is UDder no necessity of neglecting it to lookduced a bill into the Senate which, if it becomes a Question 3.—What is your recollection of its con- " the actual, bona fide residents of Kansas," he law, will go far to put a stop to these disgraceful tents ? Answer—The time I saw the letter was soonbe retnxned.The Lergesi Store in the oity.* . B- BAXJ>WI^No*. "30 and It Bowery.after the resignation of Gov. Walker; I, with many abuses. Beside providing for the building of ves- other gentlemen, earnestly urged his appointment:CHARLES FRODSHAM W A TCHES. RonxRT BAIT k. Co.,the prize money now allowed for the capture of" ment. TJte more it is discussed the stronger it slavers from twenty-five to one hundred dollars. it a most extraordinary document, when I remem-,says in another place, "/<M»icilling to stand orIt is the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska " bill, the principle of popular sovereignty, and the "principleatthe foundationof allpopulargovern-No. 2fil Broadw»y, cor. W'srren^t, New-York,Have jost received s apiendld turaortment of Txxn-KsKt>xss, by sentatives is not only not needed at Charleston or the shove celebrated maker, which they hare great pleasure injeeorexuradingtotheirfriend*sadthepublic '•this letter, that be was forc3d to abandon hia Inter-State Slave-Trade, and to admit no more Slavefcc, clewredhy centmct. B»XN» k PAXK, NO,13 Park-tow,andNo.424Broadway, andsoldbyallDruggist*andGrocer*. howlongtheywillhavetowaitbeforetheirspecial Bews.-e of imitation*. __________________________ friends, as the Democrats assume to be, will givea view to facilitating convictions, is changedLEA & PERKINS*' WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE, Suitable for every variety of dl»h, hot or cold. For asle by all jrespectable groeen. Jon.v OCSCAX k. eojrs. So. 41*5 Broadtray,them a welcome and a home, even on unoccupied territory.—Was there ever a more disgusting instance of contains also a, clause designed to prevent and mission, for the double reason,firBt,that it would secure bis-succees, and his soccers would prove fatal to theOn motion of Mr. HALE {Hep. N. II.), the veto Mes- sage of the President cent in \esterduy, was takensoU »gei.U for Uoired Stafut. THEPARKERSEWING-WACHINECO.'Safterthatwhichthepeoplechooset©intrusttootherhands. Thepresence of either Senators or Repre- " to mske thegreat principle of the submission ofberedthatMr.WalkerwaBnolongerGovernorof Kansas; it seemed to me, from tbe contents ofChicago,buttheworktobedone atboth places will be better done without their interference. Our fellow-citigens of* foreign birth will do well to read the remarks of the Democratic Senator fromKansasO n ihisy o uLvos's MAOSXTIC PILIJI,F.xtenrinate R*t*, Mice, sad' all Verraiu- BnildTnM, Ship*, Mississippi on the Homestead bill. They will learn " dence, you will return triumphantly from yourple and interpretation of the Kansas and Nebraskabill;further,thathisviewsareequivalenttoadvising from death to imprisonment for life. It Gov. Walker to devote himself 10 the policy of sub-diateassembling ofa Congress.that a revolutionary movement had taken place inbority of President of the United States, it would be|the letter which w e publish on another ;page of this paper, and which he wrote to the Hon. Robert J . W a l k e r i n J u l y , . 1 8 5 7 . M r . W a l k e r w a s a t that time Governor of Kansas, andMr. Buchananthose laws have come to be regarded by the parties concerned in this nefarious business, as little moreliamson andSickles. the points raised and argued by Mr. SickUs, in relation to the notice and specifici- tions served by the contestant be reserved for the de-a _chanan in this letter. " The point on "whichyoursuccessdepends,"writesthePresi- dent, " is the submission of the Constitution to the"people ofKansas; andbythepeopleImean, " and I have no doubt you mean, the actual, bonaat all; andj in the next place, in case.of seizure or capture,ofescapingonthegroundofinsufficient proof, that New-York has become a favorite place forfittingcutvesselsforthistrade,andtheflagofthe United States.the chosen and almost exclusive gations resting- upon me, and having freely discussedapplying a similar principle to the Mexican Treaty. Withoutthe.Republicanvotesthesetreatiescannotbe ratified—therefore the Democrats are not diepot&d te press them without affording the Republicans full time to make their suggestions.XXXYITH CONGEJESS.FIRST SESSION.SENA TE... .W ASH INGTON, April 18, 1860. Mr. GRIMES (Rep., Ia.) presented petitions in favorof a uniform Banking law.Mr.SUMNER (Rep.,Maes.)presentedaboutadozenpetitions, namerously signed by citizens of different towns in Massachusetts, aoking Congress to repeal the FugitiveSlavelaw,toabolishSlaveryintheDistrict of Columbia and the Territoriee, to prohibit theStates. Acting upon precedent, ho moved to refer themtotheCommitteeonJudiciary."fall.sels fit for service on the African coast, it proposesto stimulate the activity of the crews by increasinghence 1" felt a profound interest in his success; con- versing with him about what was being an indirect removalofhimfromKansas,ledtotheintroductionof this letter; at the interview referred to, I considered" tbe Constitution to the bona fide residents ofpoet, because he had faithfully carried out, as far as he nadpower,tbeinstructionsandadviceofPresidentItisannounced;maintain all tbe laws guarding the jus* rights of th*•> fTJHBOAT AND liOK6 BlSBASES. ^ ,COUGHS,Cot,r>*,HoAunwBw,AKTHMA,C»ptnri^oor-aaD«.WUTAK'HBAL»A»0»Wri4>CBBBnT. - . j 1stofApril,andalldisturbanceshadceased, The charge<famagingtohimself,aswellastothePresi- \tikjLQNETIC TELEGRAPH, aidincarryingoutyourpolicy.! ;v ..;!*'.'•, ,r.'' 'T'thoughitwasthe.dearesttohisheart; Theoocu- treat and well-known remedy; .'*/':•',.".; <-'.h) &%l >:,,A.-.'. •'•><••-Mtothecauw<yfFrom Washington. WASHINGTON,Taursday,April1860.Tho Commissioner of Patents has granted the appli- cation for the extension of the Hoase Telegraph Patent for seven yeans from to-day; al*o for the Well'a im- provement in manufacturing hat bodies for a like period.The steamer Roanoke will land the Japaneee Em- bassy at the City of New-York in accordance with the original order of the Secretary of theNavy. They would have been brought directly to Washington a* recommended by Consul-General Harris but lor the apprehended difficulty of piloting the vessel through tbe channel of the Potomac River.The Bouse Committee on Elections to-day passed a "[public functionary" who now exercises the au- other distiicts—have long been notorious. In fact, ever; I have disenssed the merits of that letter with a resolution, that in the contested election case of Wn-Spain.claimedhad been an advance in Consols, caused by the an- repeat it, The Herald will find it much easier toGen.Ortega,with 3,000 men,hadpro- the Pretender, D o n Carlos, King. There"•"willboirresistible." "ShouldtheConventionof ownershipofvesselsengagedintheslave-tradeconspicuouslyprominent.that action be taken upon the subject, as disturb- forcing on the people of Kansas this very Constitu- port herself, before clearing, to the District-Attorney, devout prayer; this is substantially my recollection ofances similar to those complained of in Texas are tion, though it had never been submitted to them ? for examination. Another important provisioa is, o<scurring also in Washington Territory and Califor- And how prophetic the declaration of the Presi- that no American vessel sold abroad shall proceed nia.ItisallegedthattheFederaltroopsarenetdent,,thatbythatprinciplehewaswillingtostand tothecoastofAfricawithoutfirstreturningtothe calculated for this Indian warfare. If this be true, or fall] Abandoning it, he fell indeed; and his United States for a new register.Mr. ANTHONY (Rep., R. I.) offered a resolution calling on the President to furuish the Senate with tbe instructions given to Mr. McLane, when Minister to Cbina. Adopted.Question4.—Haveyourecentlyconversedwithany member of this Administration on the subject of instructing the Military Committee to inquire into thethe proper way would seem to be either to mikethem sufficient by |proper training, or withdraw of one continuous'degradataon.his letter; if so, are j on at liberty to speak of it 1 Answer—I have recently had such conversation;contracts for iron, made by the War Department.Mr. DA VI8 (Dem., Miss.) thought the resolutionhemming any width andthicknessofcloth,either.ide,applied toany*ewlnz-ma£b±nebyanyoneinafewminutes.R*TAII>PAICZ$5; LIBKRALDISCOTJSTTOTHK TKADK. Orders by moil supplied, postage paid. Complete instructions go with evrry Hemxr.er. Send for a circular. Also, UKIVXSJUXBoeoat-PoLoxx AXOSKLF-MAKKKX, for Ciulltiog.UviVKXAAi. Ha^oixa COXFA.IY, No. 429 Broadway.GROVER * BAKER'S NOISELESS FAXZI/T Snwisro-MAOsisraa.Tna Basr or Una-No. 495 Broadway. New-York. Ne. 183 Falton-.L, Brooklyn.SEWISG-MACHINES. £**>**>*:B.3I^>ATi.Co.'»C«j«b?&i«dF-xxiPTic LOCK STITCB and SHCTTLK SRwrxo-MAcmsM. G. H. COLLI.VK,t e r d a y a t S y r a c u s e a n d e f f e c t e d a t e m p o r a r y o r g a n - f o r t h a f a l s e a n d d e l u s i v e c e r t i f i c a t e , t h a n i t w i l l t o FXNXLE &, L YON'S SEWING-MACHINES received ization by calling Hon. Richard Hurlburt of Oneida free President Buchanan from the effects of thepropositionof Mr,Bonham of Soutji Carolina to givetheHouseavacationthattheymaylendtheir aid to the representatives of the people in choosing Presidential candidates, w e are glad to see meets with little favor on the Republican side of the House. The country will excuse members of Con- gress from this service, to remain in Washingtonandattendtotheirownbusiness.Weforbearallfurthercommentcourse, believe that the pious resignation of the last phrase is just as sincere and earnest as the political declarations that had preceded it.The Republican State Convention assembled yes- tempt to lull the suspicions of the public by puttingof tbe W ar Departmeut had laid itself opea to sus- picion of being connected with jobbcre, and therefore h e d e s i r e d a f u l l i n v e s t i g a t i o n .After some further conversational debate, the reso- lution was laid over.Mr. SL1DELL (Dem , La.) called up his resolution proposing an adjournment of the 3enate every three days from Thursday next until the 1st of May.Mr. TRUMBULL (licp., 111.) opposed this as the worst proposition yet submitted.VarijuB views were expressed by Senators, andthe resolution was finally carried by jeas 26, nays 22.Mr. TRUMBULL movedtoreconsiderthevoteby» which the resolution lor adjournment for thirty days wasrejected.,Carried.Tbe resolutionwastakenup. Itprovidesforanad- journmentfromthel'Jthtotho«3UthofApriLRejectedbyyeas21,najs22.Tee Homestead bill wastakenup.Mr. W ADE (Rep., Ohio) moyed the House bill as asubstitute. , ,T h o C H A I R r u l e d t h i s o u t o f o r d e r , a s a n a m e n d - mentwaspending.Mr. GWIN'S (Dem., Cat) amendment to legalize the occupancy of tbe mineral lauds of California and Ore-28th nit. on Friday last, and read it to the Cabinet, Mr. LATHAM (Dem., Cal.) said if he thought thia hasgonesteadilyforward,andhasnowaPresident theninj?esaion.Theviewswhichitcontainedwere amendmentwouldjeopardizethebill,hewouldnotin-zation was appointed, and a recess taken till 2 p.m. Onported for President of the Convention Hon.Wendell berore the Investigating Committee on the Executive printing.Administration on this ground, to uee bis exact words, quarter-section of adjacent prairie for a college be will put a shirt upon him from which he will neverfarm, andonehundred andtwenty acres of timber escape.reassembling,the Committeere-E. W . Leavenworth, which,report, upon other officers, was agreedA committee was appointed, consisting of one from eachCongressionalDistrict,toselectfourdelegates atlarge, and alsoacommitteetoselect twodele-Tlie Herald publishes a series of extracts from some four miles distant. A primary building 62 byQuestion 5—In case you had such interview, what led to it?Answer—I was making a visit to one of the editors of'The Constitution in reference to anothermatter entirely; I met Judge Black there accidentally; I did netexpecttoseehim;mybusinesswiththeeditorwaswith the to.Mr. Wendell's testimony, amounting, as everybody mustseewhoreadsthem,andasthatjournal itself admits, to a ^positive assertion on the part of the witness, accompanied with many details and par- ticulars,thattheprofitsoftheExecutive.printing36 feet and three stories high was erected that year, atacostof $10,000, andthe collegeopenedJan. 1st,1857,withaprincipal, aprofessor, andthirtygatesandtwoalternates from eachCongressional weredevoted,uponanunderstandingbetweenhim-District, to the National Convention at Chicago. These committees subsequently reported. A reso- l u t i o n w a s r e p o r t e d p r e s e n t i o g t h e n a m e o f W m . H. SewardtotheChicagoConventionforthenom- ination to the Presidency. The resolution was adopted unanimously with the greatest enthusiasm..Union, subsequently The Constitution, the official organ of the President, and as a subsidy to two otherpaperspublishedinPhiladelphia; anditalso thinks, and we agree with it, that other parts of Mr. Wendell's testimony go to show that the Presi-'58 were the worst years for crops ever experience! i n I o w a ; a n d t h e s e , w i t h t h e r e s u l t i n g p e c u n i a r y embarrassmentsoftheentirecommunity, borevery hard on the new enterprise, Still, though heavily in debt and seriously crippled by want of means, itTHE PRESIDENT'S LETTER.The following is a copy of Mr. Buchanan's cele- brated letter to Robert J. Walker when Governorof Kansas:Wm.M.Evarts,PrestonKing,JohnL.School- dentwasprivyandconsentingtotheappropriation craft,andHenryR.Seldenwerechosendelegates ofapartofthismoneybyWendelltotheattemptat large, and Isaiah Herman, A.B. Dickinson, to carry several Congressional districts for the(theRev.S,Weaver),threeprofessors (salary notcalculatedtoaesureusofyoursne^eep,thoughwe$550eachperannumforforty-fourweeks'teaching), didnotdespond. Henceyoumayjudgewithwhat satisfactionwereceived anaccountor'theproceedingspublishesalittlemonthly ("TheWestern Collegesistonit;butitwasmoreimportanttohisconstituents thantbeHomesteadbiUi'solLOnethingthatretarded the ptogress oiCalifornia was the insecurityofthe titles of land. A difficulty had arisen whether the mineral lauds belonged to the State or the United States. H e had understood that a proposition would be made to sell the mineral landa in limitud quantities. This gave rise to endlesd trouble and hardship toMartinI.Townsend,andJacob Bergeralternates. Tbe Steamer Arago, with three days' later E u -oftheNatioral Democratic Convention, heldatLetailed statements, given under oath in answer to ropean intelligence, arrived at this port last evening. questions put, Tlie Herald attempts to,set up a sorttions wore provided for them. (There were 337 residents, who have been long euortgh in miners. The only plan wasthe oneembodied in hiawhole history ever since has been only the recordWe tniBt this bill will be vigorously pressedthrough Congress. Indeed, w e do not see how it them altogether and supply their place by a mounted Mark, too, the cantiDg snivel of the conclusion: can be opposed, except on the ground of abandoningthere is r o secret about it; no confidential restraint should be addressed to the W ar D e partment.patrol. Thefrontier settlements shouldunques- tionably be protected, but it can hasdly be neces- sary to keep an army there ostensibly for that pur-"Thepressureuponmecontinueswithoutinterces- " sion. I pray the Divine Providence, in which I " place my trust, may graciously preserve my life "andmyhealthuntiltheendofmyterm. But "God'swillbedoneinanyevent."hewholepolicy ofthe suppression oftheslave- rade.STUDYWITH LIBOR. Weveryoftenreceiveletterssolicitingcertainin- formation regarding the location and characteristics of Manual Labor Schools or Seminaries—informa-pon either of the parties; I have described the scene o many persons since Friday last; I presume this Committee,likemanyothers,haveheardofit;IbadMr. WILSON thought not. A similar resolution of inquiry was pasteed at a former session, but nineteen monthshadelapsedbeforeareplywasreceived. HeWemust,ofWBnroisiiXi vs. JSXSCIBLA.TSA.TX.The Herald, we apprehend, willfinditagreat denseit,asfollows:Mr. WILSON disclaimed any insinuation of im- proper motives on the part of the Senator from Mis-dealeasiertoproveagainstMr.Wendellanat-tribute anything of tbat sort. Itwasnotorioae,however,thattheadministration,self and the President, to the support of The subsequent years. It is well known that '57 andHer dates are to April 4. Parliament had ad-journedtillthe16thofApril. Themagistrateof Mr..Wendellthoughtpropertoputforthinapub- maleandbut26femalepupilsin1859.) Allteach- TbeLegislaturedeterminedthreemouthsastheperiodHertford had is*ued warrants for the arrest of SaversandHeenan,anditwasunderstoodthattheMr.BKOWN(Dem.,Miss.)hadalwaysopposed this thing cf putting foreigners, who had' declared ibeir intentiontobecome citizens onanequalfootingwithof general volunteer denial, which, as it seems, thisthe Territory to identify 'thoinaelves with.its fate. ers and stud^njts are now required to perform of residence to entitle iadividnals to vote for membersthe Kansas-Nebraska bill, the principle of Popular those who merely declared their intention to become citizens. Such a person was not a citizen, and there Sovereignty,andthepriocipleatthefoundation ofall was noguarantytobecomeone. Whentheybecome»1V A VJE-TRA1>K.students.Weneednottraceitshistory throughthe three questionsolelyonthogroundofirrelevancy.Democrats at the election of 1858.As anoffset to these distinct, positive, andde- " Advocate",), andhas partly erected a spacious comptononthe3dinst. Thepointonwhichyourownboarding-house for female students, w h o have success depends is the eubmiswon of the Constitution to the people ot Kansas; and by the people I mean, hitherto been few, because no suitable accommoda- and I have no doubt you m*an, the actual bona fidelished card in December, 1858, of any expenditureof money on his part by any understanding with thePresident, or with his knowledge, for electioneer-ing purposes. This card, drawn out by a news- hour for carpenter work. Board $ 2 per week; ting the Constitution to the booafido residents of. Kan- ing to grant to miners preemption rights the same as tofroonomlcal. and simple Range yet introduced. It bakes eqnal to of Rom*, even regarding private persons, can be an official inquiry, ought in all reason to have led but imperfectly respected while thus crippled. They tpeedily forgotten.mines of California better laws than any legislation of Congress.at brick oven, and heats the room above. If you want a good JLanpe, you would do w«n to call and examine it at No. 319 jBowery. • CHAKT.KX KA^X.received, published, or put into execution withoutthe authorization of the Government. Great agi-o a direct contrary conclusion. It is plain enoughthat a mere sweeping general denial, such as everyneed at least $25,000 to enable them to make theirinstitution even approximate what it aims to beandshouldbe.Yettheirbalance-Bheetfor1859timetohearmuchfromMississippi. Soouldyouan-ate,withouttakingavote,adjourned.The two Now -x* which left 'Jie hartx PiUjeaK©throughthe in getting through a areoutofeight.TtheharborascioeeRAILKOAO A' <i train duo at Rcme « Dowru?, eon of A. 3 Y o r k , w b i i o o n h i sgotosehoo!,in<utc toanother,fellbcti crushed by the c a n withhismotherMr. Tobey, one c Herald, died yeateltwer the. resolution of the latter, I would advise you stherpartoftbesystem—onetenthofUielivingcurrentbeioz The.LondonTimes,inFrtnchfinancialandcom-'annotstandagainstaconfessionsubsequentlyshowsanaggregateproductof$935fromtheir»omaie^thegreatprincipleofthesubmissionofthe5equfced(orthi*Importantorgan. Thesepill,norlfy,regoute%ndequsJiaethecirculationof}hebloodtothediaereutfunctions mercialcircle*withregardtothefuturepositionof madeunderoath, andwitha detail andspecifica-HOUSEOFREPRESENTATIVES. TheDeficiencybidwastakenup.Mr. HOUSTON (Ad. Dem., Ala.)demanded theposed of Pro-Slaverv and Free-State Democrats, and amallest deficiency bill which has been reportedfor if the majority should be against Slavery, to obtain.sjrfthg body.lerms. by SCHixyrxujr Baorxxxa k. Co..* ^ N o * . 1 7 0 a n d 1TC W i l l l a m - « t . , N . Y .HILL'SHAIRDYE,50cents,BlackorBrown.-—farmduringthatyear,including4,000bushelsof first-rate corn, while the total coat of the labor be- stowed thereon, including the agent'g salary, was but"$535. A fine young Nursery, with a dormi- t o r y f o r b o y s , a n d s o m e o t h e r b u i l d i n g s , a r e a m o n g theevidencesofsteadygrowth,undercircumstancesinmanyrespectsdiscouraging.ConstitutiontothebonafideresidentsofKansascon- mcuoualy prominent. On thisyou will be irresistible.the country. The Government has vainly endeav-ored to restore confidence. The Austrian Cabinetjlmported direct, and for sale to the trade on most favorable had resolved to protest against the annexation of tee, is no doubt a damaging and embarrassing cir-With tbe question of climate every person is ac- Yeas and NoyB on It* pa*s»ge.quainted, and tho more you insist upon this, the more Mr. SHERMAN (Rep , Ohio) reminded gentlemen will our opponents urge that w e are violating the that if they in«i*t on tho Yeas and Naya ou tho principle oi non interference at tho foundation of the passage of tho Appropriation bills, they may be de- K a n s a s a n d N e b r a s k a b i l l . I t i s s t r a n g e t h a t p e o p l eatadistance,whohavenopractical acquaintancewiththeconditionofKansas,shouldundertaketobewiser than those on tne Boot. It isbevond all questionthe true $blicy to build up a great Democratic partythere to maintaintheConstitutionandthelaws,com- commendedbythoAdministration,andthatitwasthe*" DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES AndF-txcY Goons,ontrasted with his statements beforo the Commit-JDvpot,No.1BaroJay-st- Also,,sold,byall^n$^»\s; OawCXXT, for th* growth and beauty of the HAJX.' COLDS.infallible-hisbill,andhowaswillingtotaketherosponwbility. Mr. SHERMAN, in reply to a question by Mr. Cur-Pew are awar* of the importance of (shocking a Cough,or •*common cold," in iu 6/ *t stage: that which in the beginning would yield to a mild remedy, « neglected, soon attacks theingThe Herald objects to that testimony, that it was given in the course of an official inquiry iu A t to parting with Savoy, he says which Mr. Wendell wa» personally intereated. % tShould any one desire more specific information,he mayprobably obtain it, as we did, of the Rov. S.Weaver or G. Briggt, esq., by addrcwing either of such constitutional provisions as will secure the rights years* , - „ ." Baowj*'*BxowcHjAL TKOCMa*," containicj demuloeut ally. JugredieaU, allay Pulmonary IrritaUon. Sold by all Druggists.th^m as aforesaid.Mr. GOOCH, (Rep., Maw.) would vote for the buL of slaveholders in Missouri and other States, and I luidiunderotagit was to pay debte already contracted.IJ"0Phi* indebtednessto hismagnanimousin 'ii i in i niMHiin' wunaiikiwww.fultonhistory.comion of particular facts. The issue of this card,some manual labor daily.Studentsreceive eightof the Convention, and if the Convention should thinkl^E^LATEST' NEWS, f bbnt he hoped that contract only snch <Mr. HOUSTON 5n the bill to pay d tion. Congreeeh»Thebillpassed-Tbe House w*ii theMilitaryAcadc •withtteamendmei field the mountedMr.STANTON( lionsofltdiau<ifc fornia,astherenr Therefore the subje 30 one the House <>u tion, and some »yst< «td to^afford adeqi<committed by maur thing as j>n op acter ot the dete service. A fettiei from occasional dej caeionslburglary would be to pnrru« are 2,600 federal trthenumber. Tbe and 'the proper moc lion of tneminto xc history of ;he dittu ihe Indians need j.r cause Jthe lawless TJ jnit depredations < description of tbe rproper kind ofpol: exterminate tbe in« Mr. CURTIS Hiequestion of dollar. •was in favor of a<i4; toe a lorg lime bof horsemanship. Ta< necessary • to the j tomed se they were3fow white men t>a BO rca*on why the \ •restore peace it was c h a n t i r o t b e I n d i a ua cause its object was War.Mr. REAGAN i D< limentstoshowthe troops on the from mountedrejrimeii!.Mr. ODLN (Rep.;*Htx&n frontier werepurposes. There vpanofafewvagabt*mploy the men \\hyliantthem down.to discharge the out Texae.Mr.HAMILTON pieofTexasfros showed the neceerft amendment.The Committee nMr. BONHAM 3 for information. It Jb'riday, it be to tieMr. WASH BUR tbe Republican sideTbe Baltimo Bill< BALTIM<The Court of Apj trtitutionahty of the, ' the recent session o<Pim.AnM.r L.J.I>evy&cCo.who suspended in 1 5nhfalmentonthe amount of their ind dollars.ConriciBCKl.lNGTOi, Peter McDaiuei,victed fur the mt:rd «juent!y granted ;t n •was to-day convicte^Delegates toS A ( . j , . At the Republsca holden at Bidd< toBiddeford. and Mar chctendelegatestoCommitted f BAL TIM Judge.Krebsoftl !Thoma« B. Gaitherrefusing to surrenc Court to the CItik vacancy caused by attdde. The Govern3»oIegatcsioPini.AT)Fr.r The sttamsbip Ke Ihieafternoon,vutb ih<*NationalDemo?.delegatesfromthe^S o u t h C a r o l COLUMBIA S.Tbe Democratic Haltimure and O n Scotl decision. Tn« TheConventionadjF i r CHICThe ronndhcu^u C e n t r a l R j A i l r o u u •N moreing. Pour to lathes, forges, paJ destroyed. Th>- iir from sparks from covered by ineura Company.R a i l STRATFORD. C A i-ollit-ion ocouRai road, onernije< *.ndlumbertrain, five **eriouaJy injure -ured.Ml BKLVIUKRE. J The trial of the Rd o r o f b i s w i f e , i . J ir< neled this morning, pju-toftheSute,!>y Kr the proeecu'ioo Court adjourned tillexamined.JFirst Arrival Dt\NXi ThoschoonerThu day,withacargo omadeanattempttoi by the ice.Pnoviric? The Woolen Mill, Newport,wasde^.ti in this city for?l<V* *>ealli ol ITHeniy L. Tobey, died th:s morning of been ill only a fewSailing BosThe Royal M ad this morning, with igreat many different persons within the last eighteenmonths; I presume twenty different people in Watrt-iegton to-day have been long aware of m y knowledgeof this letter; Gov. Walker exhibited it to me in vindi- cision, until the final hearing, without prejudice to the than mere brut urn fulmen. Caees have repeatedly cation of his course in Kansas, and at the time also rights of Mr. Sickles, and that Mr. WUiiamson pro- s t a t e d t h a t h e h i m s e l f w a s n n d e r n o c o n f i d e n t i a l r e s -diate publication; he feared the consequences to thethe courts, have immediately proceeded on country,andthoughtitswelfarewouldbebeatsecured Wood,anda number of the Hard Shell Dolegateebe formed by the Convention at Lecompton. Noth-ing that Mr. Walker, or Mr. Douglas, or any ofthe Republicans ever said afterward upon the cruisers, with cargoes of slaves on board. letter,tbetenancy of which changemightbetodis- subject, was a whit more decided or Explicit So great, indeed, has been the facility, in the. parage him, Walker, in public estimation, as a faith-ful eeTvant of the people, should that ever appear, than the repeated expressions of Mr. Bu- first place, of evading any inquiry or examination 'either in assailing his nonor or thetaanuer in which he<; Kansas adopt* this principle, all will be settled" harmoniously, and, with the blessing of Provi- tion of slaves, though the punishment, with Convention of the people of Kansas, as the true prin-"arduous,important, andresponsiblestation."official tergiversation than is contained in the fact punish the display of the Americau flag by othersresolutions against Gov. Walker, passed a short time previous in Georgia and Mississippi; the President pla;nlyindicatedtoGov.Walkertbathissuccessde- pended upon the doctrine of submission, and adds almost in the following words: That, upon the doc- trine of submission of the Constitution to the people, he, the President, was- willing to stand or fall; I re-fup, and its consideraaon fixed for next Taesday.that the ink of this letter was scarcely dry when its than duly registered American vessels—a device In the House of Representatives at Washington, author turned Gov. Walker out of office for adher- now constantly resorted to, under General CasB's s yesterday, the question of calling into the field the ing to the very principle he had thus besought him auspices, by every slave-trading vessel, of whatever Agecta wasted.' OtBce 469 Broadway. VKKNON &t Co. mounted volunteers of Texas to protect the white to carry into practice, and commenced a course of nation, when pursued by British cruisers. AnotherMr.COLLAMER (Rep.,Vt.)presentedapetition similar to that offered by Mr. Sumner, and moved iUr reference to the Judiciary Committee.Mr. MASON moved to lay it on the table. Mrtion carried.Mr.PUGH(Dem.,O)reportedabillfortherelief of Jndye Cradlebaugh of Ltab, which was ordered toF;iurr-Ci.Am, T>OVRLK~TRK*AJ>, Rapid, Noisele**, ifc4A—Nxw SBwry«;-.«ACHiXK—*<0.t/nder Patent* of Howe, Orover it Baser, and Wheeler It WI1-AMERICAN WTATCHESINGOLDANDSILVER inhabitantsfromthedepredationsoftheIndians violentandprescriptivehostilityagainsteverymem- veryimportantprovisionmakesitnecessaryfor memberalsothatlwasimpressedwiththesingular CAXKA. Also, Watchea *nd Jewelry of all description*, for sale, was under debate. Mr. Stanton of Ohio urged ber of the Democratic party who would nof» join in every vessel fitted out for the African coast, to re- .solemnity of the President, from the fact tbat advicebyG.C AiOJtjf.Ne.41&Brottiwa/,one door below Canal-st., fcrinerly No. l i WsUrSC ~Watche* taken in exchange.FiRjE-Pstooy SAFES.I-ntAjtjrs fc XAsvrsr,No,40MxntitAT-aT.,N.Y. SINGER'S SRWTOO-AIACHJCNES.I. AsZynitiNawSTTts, Designedftrra?TmsnTrfhrtTrrrng purposes, noiselessinit*opera-tion, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work. It is the best maobine ever produced. Price only$110.FamilySewingMachine*,ofnewstyles,at$75and$50. Lit. SiSUM k. Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N. T .contained intheletter wasclinchedwithaseemingly beprinted.on the same level with the actual embarka-considered the submission of the Constitution by thethe spuit and meaning of that document as it was read to me by Gov. Walker. /tion that w e are seldom able to give. Having re- its production; tbat if Gov. Walker had such a paper, had in proposing tbe ameudmeut was to save the ex-cently heard casually of such a seminary in Iowa,. we wrote for an account of it, which was kjndiy fur- nished. Being too long for our columns, w e con-WJBSTEUNCOLLEGEisthenucleusofthelittle rage,declaredthatIwtwingrosserrorithatthePreoi- dent never wrote such a document, and if Gov.pense of collecting voluminous testimony which could be found in tbe records of the Department.• • • • ?discharged his duties as a public officer, he not onlyfeltemirelyfree,batwouldjustifyanddefendhimselfbeforetbecountrybypublishingthftletterofthe12th izationofCongress. Someofthemaredesirousof of July, 1857; he expressly stated that the letter wassemi-omcial,andentirelydivestedofconfidentialre-otnctionp; as for myself, having no confidential obli-ticularly struck with the potent fact that tbe PresidentMr. SUMNER called for the Yeas and Nays.Mr. WIG FALL (Oem., Tex.) desired to give hia rea- sons why he 'should vote in the affirmative, but Mr. WADE (Rea,.0.) objected.Tbemotiontolayouthetablewascarried,byYeas, 20; Nays, 19—a strictly party votehis duty to his country, as well as to himself, reqmredhim to produce it; that in point of fact, however, heeaid the story was not founded in truth, or words tothat effect; many severe remarks pasaed between ua;hewasinastateofgreatexcitementwhenIreferred, sissippi,forhewasthelastmantowhomhewouldat- a second t'me, to my having,Been it; he again, in highin no way directly or'indirectlyconnectedwiththe objectsof thisCommittee;IdeclineansweringtheWASHINGTON, Julv 12,1857.MY DEAR S I R - I duly received your 'letter of the gon, by miners, was discussed.proper to adopt the same period to entitle individualscents perhour forfarmlabor andten centsper tovotefororagainsttheConstitution,itappearstoone American citizens. Thiswasonepoint inthobilltoUntitled DocumentMississippiConventionswillthenpassaway,andbeoperationofthegenerallandayttem.Mr. PUGH (Dom.; Ohio) thought tho usages in theIn regard to Georgia, our news from that State is becoming better every day. W e have not yet hadAlter a lengthy debate on the amendment, the Sen-colleague's ameuoment.tis, said there was not a^aingle item in the bill not re- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 