 -a ifit.I - I'we shot throve the uairows into the sxtensire bay of the cilri aad a conreaient berth being asdgned tis, wenear tbe and Is stiu In tbe body, but Iguardians appeared to enjoy their and oc- suflerUigs,or from from New-Bngiand.!, Kakfwere sentto Just as the son was recuperate.'jured, it would have sold for an enormous am'runt, good deal of rough usage, and every description of business is fluctu- us, announcing the total defeat. If not utter annihila- more than three- fourttis having been destroyed or insult. On the fourth day he received a visit from'lied a Seet of rrssels as ereraay liay—" Tt>e lion and the lamb lie down togethereap-':.'if we were 15 OrlCBtal brethren, but they give him rather a sneering going up, although we hope to reach there on the 10th, kMk when he approaches to enter into conversation, aswai first calcvjated, making the voyage in 133.'ruoma all tut filled with theai. Sture-ro<<ms of manu- was to be ooosldared.bT tiwai most ofltaslve certain " likely that Tlrgiaia,iiiiliiiS'iMt^SSf.''' 'quirksequent miseryplace,that,ra(<ha<e(Aae*«r4ai(BliiC to •«<>pti»«- .^«»l«ot»t-tr-"**'**f>*P<>*'<'«^oabovd;I^H,^ g^ aa flrmstlTe aaswar, than, making a |«*octiK).hefwliii»und6r yoat bow, andjost asWifllbiM, •everal day. .»., Mr. fcTM. th. HtfiksaaryatCaatea,cameaboardwith^«gJJi^Bl^AL ad niainaafw<, diatiikatlag littta b^a aadprinted ia the CUmm giH>ctiqMHpriM|,>>|«i».Pretty sooB atteriratM fUav^ifbalt dftfahfAatr cabincolleetiBgtlftmtafatherHRiMjfcth«rweif're-OF THKIM# CMU. DBTAJLS FBOM CHINA.aarthwast of the ida«!ripli0B0fltUg<4 'I^tkaStmHrtti.thinkingthattouhare nm arar hia, ha pop* ap orer the bow- and presentsU. toIMPOfiTANTfoUow from s»raai<i)a m* baagain, anadn bnmg&befcoanamaiuKlAdiariTS'ugh rS^k, ondary Jt.^ '-ans S iaic^SawrrlwalaMwgta^hrM«Mai«kDidlagro<"l>'"*t^aaaeuttr* oBedr af onttab^theXird^^«laiaa.Iwt^-m -Manlfr —*~•^*" T^jturned through Lleut^ Baaws, tltkthe ship. It aeeBa theytaiaaAPrayer, the Book of Luke, aad some trans. This is the first ttme any one has ventured to introdaea reli-holding Importaat the army, who sub^ wblcb U implied iS ^-jected 'ham to a long and vreariaoMe examination. Fasxxs, of ootuse, a* being tlie only oaeibr the three who understood aad spoke Chinsae, was alwaysbut tohnecyewmeorreeall, more uparthiecularly theamad to see what hu l>ecome of theHuaHa TOa ^irtt towing astern, and the old woman•at aMMTM. (wllk asd &mUj' of the pUot,) calmljtal^m Bitir kraakfast, as If perfectly contented withl^unlim aad thing* HmettDj. Whole femlUesai« nared la tbla manner ereiy year. Our eatrance1MI Malts fluoogh tbaLloiDaa passage, a nanow^^>toiw»<«arter of a salla wide, dlriding thetBiWIWfBdagStagfromthvasaUtland. Themom- lag was a beaatlftil one, aad the bright soobeaus shln-In the worW.^,,f^^^^their owa feeKgTvJo^botfSS/^Ml ?^Uff "iwll>4'were soonBO violent, and the conduct of those who crowded of a servile «ar. it is'»•^4aiGlMP«ia|9wentlT in inaxtrleabls conftisloD. Aswediew.aearei la with the Und, the smallermode of worship very weU. One day he remarked toaatlclpaled.The followtaig Is the ^ecle list of the steamshippieces, M>me heaped up, others used to make teats, or beds aad coverlids.In tbe atteruoon >e&ter(*ay, a party ot French wentfelt persuaded the Kcene would only ead by their be- ing ordered out for execution. Whllat he was still engaged In abusing them, a stir suddenly took place n along the crowd, some commtinicatioa was madewiubaconie hs^SMCa^A sa- late was fired for the English flag, which was re-SDch as studs or wrlst-oattons.On entering Peking they were taken direct to theraasav, Costoms duties wManpplyingThe Ott Dtuttcht Pott, la a leatUag article, says The accumulation of anas aad ammoailtoa in Waliachla, aad the organization of for-only tho^e otIl-dig-poo,pris-the ship with prorisions, fruit, (fee.cisionoftbeC4:mmandtr-ln-Caieithattiie tioops who marched from the last hUtln^-place on the 6th are to partldpate in tbe prize money, all theboard of punishment, the principalbe respected. Tba collection of proceed*" tamed inunedijitely afterwards, from ihore. Tbe American Consul. Mr. Kiuiah, visited us at an early lioor, and received the customary salute of nine guns—^adaUoanumberof English naral officers, whs klndllyoffetedHodoaa^rthingintheirpowerto facill- (ate the departure ofithe ship.Orakaagiag our mast-heads, frownlsg down upin OS, is the peak of Victoria 1,800 feet in height, at -whose base, plastered a9 it were against its easternquestions, and then loaded with a urnetimopfocrhtaaints and removed to one of the wardstake place even in South Carottaa before the aapara- tlon IS finally completed. The revDlnHaaUts, M-*- cstremity Is the city, seemingly as if the lioases hadbeea thrown at the mouatain's side, and had stuck faston its precipHoos sides, for it is only when spproach-tag it cloaely that the eye can discern any lerel 6paton which one would suppose a house could be erected. The news is not Indeed, after all, there are but few enough of them,':;'<nly tbe width of a single street, and a'ter it, streetsliae one abore the other in terraces, one being obligedla going through the city to make numberless ascentsaaddescents,upanddowastairs,whichinthiswarm suitewouldbekeptInseclusionforsometime,after ^baate is not at all a desirable mode of progression. we have left, as they have been so long with foreign-nisterracingofthemoantainsidegiresthetown ers,theycertainlysupposethattheyhavebecomeand many stone over nullahs, the bib-ges• most ptctaresque look. Indeed, one seldom sees more stai tliag effects produced by grouping of houses'galaxy of brighter lights Issuing from the gothic panes •f tlte cathedral, the windows of the Goremmenttainted with our customs, etc. No doi^t they will, for a long while, be closely scrutinized,We are to be received in grand style at Taddo,«Canf, saroaa Pixixa, Oct. 13, 18M. Last evening nine 3owars of the Sikh cavalry were released aad came into camp. They bring thebrother, tlie Prmce Hcxo, would aot be a-^le to enter tbe city should be tie Induced to return from the coun-lerel ledges, or perching of churches or ornamen- tal boildlngs on uncertain-looking crags, than he doesand at night, as the ranges of lightedtry to wMchWe prnpiise to take Irnprovlng his, Paaus, present poAlUon. PAXxai told State In atteatdolag this abaonoal coadlliaa bf Ihaat Hoog-Kong26lh for in which the Am'>aisadors seat Kanagawa,;laafs rAe, one above another, with liere and there a'home, or saa; hap from theif not, bow are her ships to be cleared aad aataradt Who are to collect the icnstoBis and how, if coUaBtsArepliedhad treen treated, and Immediately resolved to have at all, are they to lie appropriated? 'WhaX an ta baher consular relations, to assenliai to tbe laalBlwiaua his chains removed, which should be done without lo u of her commerce r How is the conBaaaaee of paa-illu- -MkaMd for ceremonial, the effect is reiy fine andseveral days. The severe ""typhoon experiencedon the coastthe wounds caused by the cords binding their wrists, in-Ibe Interior aMbe Summer palace, where, be Itted States. Tt.e Daco(at,wtuch sailed from Norfolk tlie same day that we left New-York for this station, has"oldSlx-y ^eventh Regiment, then entered the outer and inner gates, arid as;-ended 16 tbe ramparts and to^k oi tbe gate aad a number ot brass guns (33, r^bsesleisesvlec)nand mounted oar guns in their place. Tne BntiihJack and the French Tricolor were noisted,the army t^ere.Tbe Empe.'or Is reported to bave gone to his pal-ace, Zebol, in Turtarv. where Lord Macaatxii was lectlved. Hehasttlrteenwiveswifhniio.AaVIevr ef the Americoir Secessloa IMoTemeiir*«• the 13th August in a typhoon on Agincourt Island;an American, hav'ug hair all over his head, aahould not be allowed to enter the city ceded.will now again tske the 'place of war, acd we shall watch with great anxiety and doubt theI!I;compromise.without foreseeing tbe influenceten men a ere Jrownedtitree of the ciew were saved.a neat little neck- tie, and atalk inthe stter.tion of cur readers to ourtiaie ;igrace-superlatives,which langusge may exercise whendispatches.''The Missouri Drmccrat remarks of the SouthHindoo burial-placesayw- was elthar the one or the other. To this Habo-kxthe captain, mate and CiiiyBrifiao'e of CaValry. ailvanced on Yuen-rain Yuen, the' oOcer. " Jno. Chinaman" Is delighted to see his and I should not t)e way,'llrtmcountryalck, who are continually sating piomiscuously of ed tcaetber andaa to those who surrounded of the North. By esublisJiiiig more liberal tarid',opinion.to learu. he soonwhich 1 am to corrya but get up repotatton,Scriptural quotationswhich had takenandPoor boy!speech la theCommittee of Thirty-Three,fiey fled, leaving eightdead or disabled and suffer for It.He was In this strain pr-icet^Uigit will be useless to votes by eslab.isii- nents, multiply inIng colonies of poUtical alUes. Cotton r'antsrsconsideration thua:is now faitUitle does he think that if be were to re-aad inoat likely before many weeks would "be wpttld be under the painful necessity ofstrongly at tbe elbows and wiist.JtrtDhdnut*ti& the Japanesecame as bloodAnd the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even asthan revenue, and the w hole ben-cession&ts, we adopt thesaydying away." he them andin the streets of New-York.tion.believe most of the Cotton States wiU former mods of settlement, and not the lat-Japanese boys to go toobtains and quiet reigns within all her bordersr —tied to- back from tbe of dIsrupUon. 'The hope of es- penTthat has not existed before. It caa aU be eettled project"elapse, seliingand the sun be- came black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon be-troops. ti„„eater part of the British armv encamped. WbyDuring standers-by emphasised his remarks and preventedmade by the latter on the cuffingports furnifhes a soroeo b*t better reason fof separa-duties of the Inion are Intendedof same now. And, notwiu- seems to be the policy by the Se-standing what is so eonfidantly predictedgion to themonr Chaplain has never la aay way at-of mecbats)w<o>ke»manEnglishmen, expoaed aaiaa bru-me, " I tldnk religion very good, very good. Indeed eame btkkly skipping over the wares to Anythlag calculated to make a man happy ia thisuiSMrto XquartermasterEnglishFrom the London Saturday Rfvieit\ Dec. 15."Thus has South Caroliaa spoken. Thai As Misqu:tetiny stand-up collar,;ful mustachecoveringhis Up.of the enemy ha\ingbfen observed(neartbevillafjeban,"Yours, *c.,TaAVBLERpositlvins.Here are some very high brick-kilns, from which MoDpolian Prince, whom be describes as a stei'n,self hare perr..-t«l who now oilc impulses of the huBott naasaes,;* ^»y»«.BHet OS. SbootlDg Into the narrow channel, which world OQght to be known to all, aad by-aadbye, I man dc Co.; I do., Le Moyne & Bell;is said that they didA treatuiy contsinlnf a large quantity of gold In- those who remained, with loud shouts aad threats, most follow upon the declaratlcooBnosftIlntdutelmodinSle^iSL^S'' 'tiUs rising up an either side cbthed In a loraly rer- Ihu^ gaaerally onlnhaUted, thongh here and there ^raa a ctoster ^of flshermen's hats hiddon in some se-American ship PkmnUm also sailed oa that day for New-York, and the Mmirf sailed to day for same port. On the retian of the V. 3. ship Saginaw, a (bw daysder to prevent the further effusion of blood.The Naples correspondent of the London Timet, writing on the Ist inst, gives the following acconat ofaad the Sikh were throwa In-in ( ne of the ante rooms of the state bo'lroomatthe *o It, a couple of olBocrs followed, and they weat off tbe inlrltableSummer {,alace, the treaty of Tian-tslnin English and at a tiol on the road to Peking. According to their cal- which will Cw|ici »ic vviva use Beignoonng Reoabll-think, Japanese Government allow rellgloas works to be olrculated."; 1 do., Thos. Scottthe suggestionaptohatel^are^.HlftoUtMj average mora than half a mile in widthbam eae ead te the other, we watched with anxietyt* lae how ooT pilot would handle oar heary ship, but•oa fouad that she was in tkllBtal bands, as hewt>rked her gnda&Uy up. The passage Is a deep cuttferoogh the meontalns, a Tolcanie chasm, the lofty from Shanghai, making the rua in four days. The imaiedlate departure of Fbasou II. fram Oaeta, In or-The American ship Haze sailed from this port tsA telegram frvm Paris to the Lioadoa Pan, dated'' «ati>IiMalMV«a. As we adTaaeed, thu land oa the ago, she brought two foreigners from the other side of tlte attempt ta assaaslaate C^l. Dcam^Waad spired signs of clrillxatioiDr; a tall mass of tile Islaad of Tsuiig-mlng. It appeara these man, la " At the last mouient I report, with gnat regret, dedtbe journey, from tiie tightness of the with which ropes^tiaia buildings, we were informed, was a hospital ''^lAirethegmrrtsoD, debilitated by the heat of HongCtlef Ceslred that ail articles takenpermitied to ha\ e the articles they had tirougnt away for tiiem>elves valued, and have the opti in ofIHiglaitlngprovisions iheyam to gladto afford themselves some amusement On tne it seems casionally, whole,In become almostout ofbv their account were attacked by the villagers, who killedfouraadlefttheothertwofordead. Theywillbe examined before (Ten. KaasAji, our Consul at thisplace, to-day. As I write, the General commandingthe English farces at Canto n, and his staff, are belag receivedonboardwithasalute. Theofficersoftheship are all invited to dine with them this evening. "More anon. TRAVELER. Moldavia andUsrria Sruis SnAH-Faiaan Nixaua, ' eign legtons in Italy, are to be attrtbutea to an exten- rest, those at tire depot at Tungchowand eilsewbere, ) tMiiig t xcluoed.1 he C<imn-ander-tn-Cblef and officers have generalwaived their right to »hare. A gold jug of great value—limv soon boarded by a number of Chinese men andwomen aad other persons—each one adTocating his claiBtf, as being the most expediiious man forsale realized fi2.WI>. whirh.with the value of the trea- suip, (Ftlmated at (i61,000, is to be divided as prize money on tbe .^put.Much diSFatlilactloB has beea expressed at ths de-they relieved them, also, of little Goveinment will abstain as aayscorching hot,landed to obtainsome, andpassedBona KuHO, China, 4 P. M. Oct. 28,sive scheme whieh partly aims at the separation ofmust have by lendng opposidun, exhausted a portioa afTheand the Prussians have a large expedition there for the same purpose, but, as yet, they have not suc- ceeded.Portuguesemuch shaken by the loss of her sister, Madame La maslri. occupied bv head -quarters, was worthy the in a reparate ward. For three successive days were They wi I suti probably prevent tbe hiatory of whiehvery flattering—and no foreigners go out after night w.thout bs-wbos&ldbehadcometoating,l£g armed to the teeth. ^anclos- uies. parks, or cemeteries, witn trees of some magnbTwo high officers have beea killed at Nagasaki.nltudeceuntry I'clng very dry at present- BrancMog offIt was theImpressionthat our Ambassadors andfrom the palace are severa pared roads, ani just out-peace, as well as friendly inclined towards PaskbsOrleans Convention and exclaims!Dont be alarmedthere are no and no resistance would t>e made. cavalry, and artillery, which had cros-tMl our trail latter period of their imprisonment as well in every baa In tbe former.tbe which. In onr humble great event,man agency can now obviate." The Delta savs :opiaioa,aa ha-1swears there is. It seems that this young boy was picked up at sea about seven years ago, and taken to San Francisco, from which place he{these provinces from the Porte, and at a partly!:through the apartments wlih S'Icks, breaking every-ada to the-j- fugidve slavestbeirinlandftmitier. In theoBoSerf^lSalfaS^%c Jfap^jPwilL mhntB^ jfiwB» wtttiimit ^^,Eng- The spadoiu harbor, extending for sereral miles, siorehouses, etJ?bave been blown down, and at other caused their death. One of these Sikhs, a sergeant, Emperoi's ountumacy, and the treatment of the pris-beaatliisl.loot of Victoria Peak, to the hlUy shores of the Kow- yet been heard from.frMa-ths Umurai on the oce extramity, to Green sracBwas placesAn English man-of-war was bound with themhe survived, and has made atho beat andital arrangeaients to be secnred? Upoa what iria-toon ott flw luiln, bears upon its bosom about as ra-'."butuadtr our protection, should it be desirable to do so.crowded the waurs ofaccommodation. Habo-xs undertook that this shouldproportloBhas donegre^damage.destroyed.AtNagasaki, resideaces,The United Statesuiio. sailed from Shanghai about the Mth last, for Yeddo, and will most likely be there when we arrive.or 40 mies erament,preventtlieorganizationproperTte XagUklt steamer Lftt-mom, belonglag to J. li U his intention to have the whole fleet here (iaolud- BT, TrmtsDaai ft C^o., and cracked op as being a rery fast siil- «r, left Porto Grande, St. Vincent Island, the same daythe about the middle of December. !ng -Vi<giira>We have heard that Paymaster Cauasbu, ef ourlor both the andprascat prospectiveshe touched at the Cape and Mauritius, itz days altogether, and airire J here the same day wevrill wait vrith tha which is to explain how an the iTMi iiTIlM atteaolcg this extreme lausiKu are to be obrialad ar settled. Tlie exoerience of South Caroliaa aad tha other States which wUi precede od ia this baokwacd march out of the Union, will be of immenaebmalt lathat «a didcame la—wlilUt we stopped at Loaado and Ba'aria 21 reach home. They have been Inquired for by many ed if it was not surrendered at noon.the next day to Loc«'s surprise and still great;Japan. anxious togreater joy, Faixis, withont his chains, and accom;>anlad bytui mace the passage firom the latitude of the 'i^fSiftlo Bataria, with exeeptlan of four days, entire-who wanted to be desire to remain incr>g.to but presented them, theyTbe siege guns were In positioB, and other artillery ready toboepfoerne fire, at thHeuhHoOur appointed, when, at acome.At sunroifse of tbe morningwafstefrirewde arrived here,days,officers,situate in the north of the Treemmpalien,ed until the day on which tcihteyy,shipHartfari, Flag-oScer Sraia-of Federal Indabtadaasi to be fzadt These, and a thonsand other matters larldent to tMahas and Is on his resigned, waynavy,The Princes are nowto becoming qoltaaotjet been heard from. Several aeverebave been experienced off tbe coast of the JapanIslaads, in uneof whichaPiusiian sloop-of-war waslost, snd an English man-of war and brig, t>ound for sentation of the case was made to our Consul, he was that Peking is luthe occupation of the 41lles, and that T.'ie builiiin?6 are n any an'! I'etacbed.yet 1 tblnk It this port, hate rot De<n heard from. Several vessels received on board. The Pdnces arehave arrived bere. having been di^^masted twice be- bimfore getting iiL— aiiU Ibe British birk Branscombe^Which left ouihe 31st Julr last, was totally wrecK<,'dthe of a calm and determlaed exercise ef exampletyphoons"State sovereigntv'; thus she points the toway libecl^and Intiepeudence. Tne moral, no leas thaa tha h-gical lesults oi this suullme act, will be Imiaediata^seen a letter from Gaxiiaui to a friend. In which he expresses the belief that a revolatlan vrill break out in Hungary and Croatia la January.;longpossible, aad per-«f several other natlonalltlrs.but a Polith has been legionwas to the pifsenteoatroag reasons for Union will derive addidoDal vmight tnmIn view of tlUs state of things, Russia has dispatched a threataa-fommander-tn-Cblef by the aimy. Neatly all the ar Icles were sold at very highpnets, larce enameled and inlaid vases andorna- arrived on the 25tb—ten days from Japan. He re- Ing declaration to Prince Couia, and has concentrated Dienls If allzlng lull .^banghal prices for such articles,ceived a salute of seventeen guns from the Niagara, la.OOO men in Bessaratila." the fact of iheir baring been the property of Hiaa which was returned with a like number. ~The JUonitmr, in annonnclng the return of the Em- Fc5s adolng an Imaginary value to everything. TheDuchess D'Albi, Is now much more satisfactory. Intelligence from Teheran to Nov. 1 has reachedpencil of an aitist. Had Ills Imperial M»je^ banded these useless and annoying examinations conbhued. tbey are so proud from breaking off at one of its ear-tion, of the Persian army, by an overwhelming Turco- maa force, at a place called Hero, which has created a tenlble sensation affiongthe Ministers of the Shab, especially after the glorious victory recently achieved over the enemy.taken the Frenrti-All rboyund the vicinity of theare place largeHbiasbuon-fxoxr.tunate .which he ecnodnedaovloertevdltthoblm on position provew as entirely of his owri bringing about. Two days after-wards he came and In a different tone. again. ^K>ke veryThe Prince of Kung, he sald.was most anxious to make^^^^^^^ IMPOaTANT FROM CHINA.;latter on the ilth day after they were captured—lowed to do so «l-h a pass. The titter destruction of nor well treated, be should certalrdy not that neP. S.—The flege guns bave arrived, and I boHeve clipper ship. Belag the foroiei on a high pole bv the side of the gate, tlie tbe gate will tie summimed to-morrow. Tnere is a very anxious to get home, and as a satisfactory repre- latter out of one of the ponholes, where they shoev report tbat a pait or tne Summer piluce is on fire.TheAmericanUnionishas justarrived In an Americanto a serious riak, erea if tbe threatened disruption provesdelightedand will see that he is taken care of when City was a myth.languageii'g :,( srrong against tlie Chinese on accoimt of the of the other Cotton States tends to realize Its ownThe strengthen the secesaiaa feat-surpriseddaysaoiles off. The fronFof the two armies stretched over a large extent of cduntry but the enemy was not seen, nor any sight of an abandoned camp visible. We halted at 1 o'clock T. M. Reconnolterlng parties wereilsiog Not only a Hungarlaa,the popular and after a time the sympathy,organized.to take the vaunted InvinciolUty of the Imperial Celestial very nrobablethey will be riestroyed, tbe feeling be-to be only partial and temporary. The extravagant manif^stec throughout ihe South. Tne logleahasaitw hich is used in South Carolina and insome will ie to demolish tiie whole basis on which taahome,be arrives, as such inclriduals are generally underthe paliiful necessity of committing ^ri-ztnri. He Is the Chinese asked was that the Chinese Coolies thepur- In tliemoral reiuli wf-i-ic.b-eepetroative"Ing in all rbe Gulf t:tai( s to such an extent tbatOur Minister, Mr Wabd, who has just arrived fromCanton in the United States steamer Sngmaw, Com.BonsBOX, after being called upon by Capt. McKEiS,Ulted tbe thlp on the 23d Inst, lie was handsomely has flowu Willi thirteen wives. Mr. Bkhcb, minister, fillu.mt of ai'y s'lpulaitions, and tbe war will have to to attri,ct aitertktn. and later In tbe ri-oruliig the C-irn-received by the otBcers, all appea.-ing in epaulettes, has been sent- for to take his post. Mr. Paskis, Con- be lenewed after tbe season.of ibe Uniieu States would hare to defend theaetc, the marines diawn up in fall dress, with arms s'jl, and ll£SBT Loch are released, and returned totneir lespective staffs proceeded to the pa'ace, aniwell a; all the officers of the ship, and he has sigaiSed correspondent, are still missing. the mail, and for Capt. Jovss, who left here yeste-day psved with marble, and painted wiih gold, azure ani hisiBtentionolreturningintheNiagarato Aden, TheEmperorhasaccededtoalltheirdemands,and morningbywayofTurg-chowandthePei-hbtoTien- scarletInthemostgorneoussryle. Tnethroneoftbebut while titey strove to show ily. themselvesinearnest,theyweretakenattheirword, intheUnion—Anlda, after she comes back from Japan. Col. R[p- has sent his broi^er, who is in favor of peace, to treat UT will also return to that place and accompany Mr. with them. They have possession of the Treasury, Wais overland. Tbe Ambassadors propose to keep and find sufficient money to pay the whole expense of the employe of the United States Gaveroment, who the war—being about twenty lallUons of dollars.tsin, there to join the Furiout, to proceed to Shanghai Emperor Is uf beautiful carved wood, and tbe cushions, for Mr. Bacci. embroidered with gi'ld dragons, attracted generaltbe seces- handsomely sion bave in common wirh Samson, to whomfor the purpose of ins'truetlng their p^ple.piesent the extreme paity in all partsof the South evi- ab^e to Involve thirty aiillioBs of their feUow-dtlx^asdently pre fers Isolated action, iu the hope of forcingwould have delighted the ejes of many a curio fan- hesitating States subsequently to acquiesce ia meas- tUbneiyon has become a to them, the restralat Is asand a presentation sword, with the Enplisb coat ulibeesraftrlonm, whichSoutthheyCamrioglhitna sthurcicnekedtiuinprevioas oe- salutary as that whicpnritshoenInmates of a bedlam axpe-him, when both he and Loot were vlolentlv seized, foiward, and forced down on their knees be- iny" is In excellent spirits, but as he draws nearer leaving 92 ealiing days.. This cannot be beaten by sent out a nlgbt. and they fell in with the Tartar fuirue*hheidm. Pasxis was beginning to protest against hapM he Is becoming more intimate with the servants, any steamer who will follow our track. The mail pickets, who fired three shots at them. On the morn- such treatment, and to explain the circumstances . wiomhefrownedupon in America, when he thought closes at S o'clock this evening, so I must close. ing of the 6th we were again on the move at an early whlc h had led to theli being there, when he was inter- rupted by Sak-xo-us-sin, mi asked ihelr names and On Pasxis mentioning his own name, ttieuf docrrine any podllcalai they can understand each other very well.days,out of which we have stopped in ports il days,platednot Incompatible with the dom^tic sovereignty of the States.Af/Waa coBsideied a high officer of the Embassy, and m Mnwl mlatinn of a Prince. For the benefit of the iadiee who aMde so much of him in the United States, aad^ae of whom he sars he is going to marry, I will iieie state that he is noDiiBg more than the adopted aon of the second Interpreter, TAiaua ToKoanao, and came out a> his servant, bat, being a bright boy, andGood evening, or, as we say In Japanese, " Hakum-hour, but on reaching the ground where the pickets had been seen, all was still.that their own plans are, to some extent, founded oapolitical ard economical coaslderations. Uncontrolledexpansion to tbe South ami to tbe West, and relieffrom the Federal tariff of Customs, may probably tie they are er gaged Iu a cauae of justlee and right TbaTom-to be confronted, they may obtain '*«'«,'f'"V«,'"; calamity which visionary spacuUtors and denaratademagogues sba'l hare !'>'''='«', °^?^P/»,^j;!5 Although the leaders o<' the movement appeal to the generitSi peopla. Let not South CwoHiu ba heWCorwia the Praphct.No one who has heard Mr. GOBWIS make ase^ eral gates and other structures within the waits of 8omei> hat sinister looking man. with ^trongly-m)u-)[edPeking were dlsticctly seen about five miles distant. features, indicating considerable talei't and much antlclpaieKi as beneficial results of secession, even if filu will fall from ihcir eyes before long, and wbaa itpolitical speech|tablishing free-trade wfth ilurope at the Southern withont secedtog, and then setting up »gal"' li'^can forget the (Sequent and aptalong north side of, and distant one mile from, the capital, where some Tartars were seen among the hotisesInfluence, that he w'asres(,ou>lble for all the figb>lng and con-tha courseof the South Carolina Conventloa as revola-1 do not know. The French, and most of our cavalry with some artillery did so, but the for- il I his nrrnnrd nmnng thrm nlTirn leaving our a I'lg-tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken did not arrive on the until two hours afteransw erbead whenever be attempted to make one, each blow;It Isroll-—companion his tieard and hair seize'land there would be sotae advantage In exciteBaent was created in St. Louis,arewell;not asingle case ofefit of mi-'iiopoly1« the manufacturers aprroprlnted bynot even one of the attendoits has been;can get their tiands on. The total alck report of the ship has only averaged seven per day. aad most of these cases were only sprains,braises, rheumatism, dec. It is said that she is the themselves in the denseverything theymo\cd out of tneirtoYet the dem.ind for cotton la already so ceat In com-laost healthy man-of-war that hat ever left the UnitedStafee at any time. Crowds of visitors are aboard And said to the mountains and rocks. Fail on us,every day, and yesterday we had twelve AmericansistanceHe and Loch listenedanxl-iuslyfor tneMr. John P. Watson, well known aa <te aa-ladies ;For the gieat^day of bis wrath is come and who ;became Treasurer Geru.auiown and NorrtMoi»rfor our amusement we got up a dance, andprlrclpallytotbecapitalistshebad anttibutlng bis cards, and showing his daguerreotypes, photographs, ftc, of the ladles which he has broughtthe northeast gate,Olsappearelegantta stand."Mercury suggest any greaterwould compensate for the loss scarcelyHe al«» a hUtory M WTfW P"blljh«ltime.-'Tommy"was around, dls-shall be ableCan the Charlesloaof natloaal uniW. /( ,* idle to suppose that any commtrcial benefit v.vuUobla\n the ctrntm an« o/ Engiini at the rtnevaltains;mercialadvantageof a direct trade would consist Indied la. ttM^^ was cashier of the Bank of GenBii|^j^aai;thor of tiw Annals of Philadelphia, Sunday night.,or to Dee. 21. by tbe report which gained,wasplanned,anybeingof a mighty windAnd the ntaven departed as a scroll whenmer spotbeing apparently signalevery mountain and Island places.were army.fered to coiipcrate with them. They asked him to gobeingmore forraw nroaucethe wide credaac*And the kings of the earth, and the great mea, andthe rich mtn, and the chief the palace. This they did,that it be doubed Secasslouists atter a prolractad struggle. maymea, and every bond man, and free man, ibidonly 20 of whom had guns. Tbey made a slightwith melr should be secured and sent escort,tbe most circumstances. The com- — under favorableand hide us from the face of himthrone, and from the wrath of the Lambthe to tbe Federal Government, but"evil than this Ithat sltteth oa the :they heard nothing, they were inclined to hope tbeyhadstartedbeforetheorderwas andgiven, m:inagedCustoms, partly'i tie wall Is 60 feet wide and paved, and the troopsbarbarous trea'Uicnt of ttie prisoners.the diiEcuIties which ItInside have their lenls pitched on it.Is a separate iu;count of the affair atThe French column, together with Col Pattls's accustomed themselves, on ail political or^ca^ions. toDiplomscyi a Ei gll.-h column rather earer Peking,large bodyStill In pursuit of tbe retreating enemy, we marched on through a thickly wooded country until within half a mile of the earthwork which extends thefirmness, broke out Into the most violent abu^ of him saying, among other things, that be attributedtiie revival of the Slave-trade Is not gete.-al'y regarded aspracticable. TbeformationofnewSlaveStates might imdoubtedly be facilitated by secession, butabsencedoes, wee be to the traitors who have precipitated .bis conflict.''with which he enforces an ar-gument or illustrates a point. During his recent close to. The King's Dragoon Guartls went in at now that he bad got him, be would mike himprincipalwould be at the same time removed. In tbe"" or see one of the Dragoon wounded in tbe skirmish. In a whea a messenger galloped- tip, apparentlytheGeaeralGevemmeat. Itcoaolod**turn to the United States, as ha is still bent iq>on said, The People must agree to some terms, short time aftei tbe earthworks were reached, aa^ a with some for he im iiaportant news,South Carolina will not be to discover distant eagernedUtelydoixg, and wants to hive an application made by the opening of the Siith Sral." Turning to the 6th gap of 60 or 86 vards opened upon a s-tralgbt roac^ of rode olT towards tbe front, accompanied by soils on wtdch their own suple may be .-nore cheaply"gT«t exploit that wllLredoond to the •noeeaa of tbaome of OUT officers to the " Tycoon" for permissionchapter of Revolatlons we find the following to b« the state ox affairs in our beloved country, unlets pcaeethe same widtb leadin„g to the northeas"tgate of Peking. The troops entered by this gao, and, wheeling to tbehalted where we now are. within tbe earthwork igahat,embankment 40 to 90 feet high, which would bethe greater number of his ofl^cers, while Paokes LccH and the Sikh orderly were taken into a tent, where their arms and feet were bound, the lafter be-and on tne other hand, Uie broc-dinj states, which deal in negroes rather man m lis pro uce of their labor, *re at present b«llo>eci to hold obstinatelyftr himself and seveial otherthfS.Watal Academy, tnat he would not be noticed,AnU-SUVery party. of what will nsrar hap- temner, aid apprehensionsand, lo,tber8 was a great earthquake;It:ing brought '• And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, j ^ ^{j^. defence in the hands of efficient Here ether withbebliid their backs, andnmnuH tn the .SiiTmnur' PhIa/.^ •< nn,.j> •> did not proceed to the Summer Palace at once, as.lu „.n.>The C-astom f< r protection latherTneThe t>alareevery Americans have kind r-f oppc-slti'U will e crushed out. We liawa ao tunetoeiaboiatetriisquestionthismorning. Were- serve further remarks, and, In the medacime, direstonly tiling this was con-following :port ihrougtiinterposes« Laid MaoaaiuTt. .. «r]aotlmMee*aUM>«t, The their gnardb^ VairaSdig m, .>lr&BBdi«roefry oAer ibafpaaitlevaat ahnad* Leisa nnaackMi MHalaa vatta,forelga woikrobaehipi tahea, or bsakealf too large to becanled a^ay, oraamealal lattioe-srork, aer.-eha, jadaeMne oraaments, jars, clocks, watches, and other ihiakjv«eKit becomes neces-We have still later news from the seat of war. The successful result. It is reported that the General lo- now occupied by us.) Tne Frencti en'ered with only sary to act. In the conventional dialect of the stump Caroiitsians:;r *'!* is? Ssss "^^^0^^^^^ mth tk$ mm PwUkOt memSieacapultrijspted to speak to them on this aubjeet Caat. Orapbic Account of the Back of the « ardirbes ot pmy arUcla if dress: coats riebly em- tal and degrading treatment as th^ had beea wbdX Yorkshire alone, woii/ beaTMoKiuiwas absent from tbeshtpatthetlBe, aadi understand ha was very much displeased when he leaniad what had beea done, and said that U aver itTlS^ SSfiSS proportloa to the Called Uag^ t2S^2K In fact, be left undone by tbls nan which. In his estlmatloa, CaroUna to the United ^taO? u -'***i If it lias prodaced any good effect well aad"WWt eepecMly a* the ^vloas «re«k had good, but if it has aot, I hope it vriU never be agaia Liverpool at lOH e'dack on the aaoralng of the ISth, as they Could carry. They were used instead of ro^ef***- u>**^^ -»op tba gnten noontaln looked cheerful and ^esageneighbors, brcusbt before him again, when his laaguage liecame migbi throwifnogr aw.jQaiekly we threaded our way spoken of untfl they are safely landed oa their native aad from Queenstown on the ISth of December, ar- te secure the loading of eaits filled with theuLImperial Palace.broidered In silk aad gold thread, in the imperial dra- before SA»-sa-UB-ltB;Indeed, nothing appeared toawl atotay.aamigthe Inanmcrable junks, which, reefed down soil. Many of them have looked on when prayers rived atthiiport yesterday. Her advices have been Throughoat the French camp were hiinMeds of al'out unchecked by him so threatening, that PAxns1^to the brisk btacie then blowing, were bobbing up* were offered up, and "Tommy" understands o<irbeea-gon paMeni;beota, headdresses, fans, &c.;<factorra dlk la rolls, anoh as may be bought la Gan- ai.d Insulting. He tHiUled PauxsIb every possible andwas attempted agaia, he wonld foctrid the paiaoa com- The mails by the Ciuuufa, whose arrival at Bos- tonat $30 to$S0 per piece. By a calculation uiA<im way, ajid.at last, so exhausted his patience that he era Tenaesaee, wlU refiise to jbta a sZTiC.ConiiBdetmoy. I«iiia(aaa. ^niunma^a^ ingaboard. Theyliave aeenreiigisasserviceper- tonhasbeenannounced,reachedthisCityyesterday Intberooms,theiemusthavebeenTU.OfiO or 80,000"^ toldLccnbemustfeignfalntnessInordertoavoidfur- moaOaoftheMSlsaip3^Sd«ib«^LSd^3L£!formed every morning and evening during the voy-morning.The screw-steamship Oity o^ Itanclieilfr, from——P'ecea. Hundreds were tbrown down ot traiupled on, aad the floor covered thickly with them, mea were thiawlng tlien at'each other, aad all takiag as manyther quevtionlng aad lU-treatment. His rate fortu- nately succeeded, and tbey were allowed a short re-Ha^a SptaL_their pbliaclans bave cak:ulated t^ miiMi,|,7^-T' sTehjequwnaeoaerseosfttF^rmeceastuarte which they antanyta^Allies bave bombarded Peking, and been sue c^sfuL ttncs to return to Tlen-tsln in about a fortnight, under two ra-ualties, two offiiers being wounded bv the anti tbe platfoim, every cause which may be ad- '• They are yet cl izens of the United State*. WereTrey have possession of the city, and the Emperor any circunistmees. ilesiring not to oe overtttken by Winter. If he does, we nave no security for ttie ful-eiuiuchs of the lalace. Tne following day, no sl^osII'mander-ln-( hief learned where tht^y were. L rrd We might winter In Peking as well as at Tlen-tsln, Elqin, Mr. Wabd, Str. II. Gka>t, Sir R. Napieh. anivocated is sacred, all rights are precfous and they to be assailed to-morrow, by the fleets aad ar-Indtftasli'le, every partisan i< a cidvalrous hero mlis <ii France or EuglanJ. tne fleets and armies88 our numbers would be but a small percentage onlis pe,pii!atlon. said to be two millions. It is said we found the French hal been L-oai^ort-.ihl> e-tttO'hbed• presented, and a salute of 17 guns, after which thebaiid struck up a lively air. Alter being presented toFirst and Third Ambissadcrs, (the second beingashoie,) he visited every part of the stiip, and was de-ligh'.ed with Ltr neat and clean appearance. The caused trielr death.Princes vrere mu-^h pleased with Mr. Ward, as Capt. UaABAzAH and Mr. Bowinr, the Londoa Timts It Is reivorted that this will reach Tien-tsia in tl ne for this residence. Tne entrance or reception hall Is Presidential election than to originate the decisive uiiiulv loeniber. she is, ncvertbeles-, one of the fam-the Embassy. Several officers, however, have died from the effects of the briital treatment of the Tartars —the wounds caused by the cords binding their wrists, insiiCTjcient food, and other inhuman torture havinghostility, and tbe expression of discontent commences canr-ot be drssuciatCL- from the Union. Theshall not treat until the remainder of the prisoners are acconiited for.there, and tbat a great proportion of tho principal valuables had been already taken away, leaving tlie heavy but less \aluable articles for tbe English, or atwith treasonable declarations and with threats of clvii war. In all proliability, tbe majority of popular ora- tors, even in South Carolina, Intended at first ratherTbe prersu'e of the people Is said to have had great aumiratlon inner chaa,ber and saloon wasin the autboiltles to weight inducingyield.1 believe that their yielding now under pressure Iscrapes, all of splendid workmanship, splendldiv fur- that the same Influences may prevail In Georgia gang, su often likened is theyhavB themselves, impeae-goes out with Col. RiPiiT to pnt up the machinery, No descilption can be given of the splendor of the thesameasat "Tien-tsinin 18S8, and that if we retire nished cummerbunds and puggarees for tbe Fiench and Alabama, If net In Florida and Louisiana. At trsble blindness. So far, therefore, from their belagfrom hence tbey will again break their engageaaents. soldiers, who appear to Lave adop'ed our custom In Emperoi's palace. It is paved with marble, and There is no other guarantee for us, than keeping the tbls lespect The jade-8'ose and Cnlna were of greatg is a correct copy of an order issuedby the Government of Japan at Nagasaki, printed In geous style. A gold crutch, supposed to have beea tbe field.capital letters, and distributed among all the ships used by the Emperor, was found, and a gold jug of Letters were found in the palace from San-ko-Un- cierIn the gigantic ruin they hara so aflea threateaed,The follow lipainted with gold, azure and scarlet, in the most gor-groundwe havegained, havingtieaten thearmyout ofvalue,and some Sevres China of Louise Quatorzsare not able even Jo ruin themsdvea. If thestn to the Emperor, assuring him of his confilenee in lying in that port. This was given me by an Ameri- immense value was presented by the army to us the he;of arms, studded with gem>, and evl lently of antlqui- 1/ abandoning no inTbe la^t of Ike Vntun vithovt retittance on the part of the Federal rlence We have, therefore, hesitation girlag treaty assurance to our readers that the X7iUon is sa(b, aad can captain, who arrived yesterday. It seems that tbe Commander la-Cbief. Every inner chamber had macle on the road at Chang-kia-wan, where the ?,Irn-tein was also found, and the Immense quantity uufhorilics, the tvpportert of tecettion in the adjacent South Carolina too, uotwithstanoing her deqierate at-tttey were too proud to ask an Anglo-Saxon, andwas handsomely fitted up, in silk, satin, aad crape. The French have selected all the most valuable arti-battle of theEmperor to have no apprehensions ai to the results, that having ascertalnea how few our numbers were,what to take away. Some idea of the qu indtv of silk of immediate action.may be given by the fact that fowls, old pots, Ac, To foreigners, the provocation which has been of- were wrapped in the most costly silks and satins. All fered seems ludicroutly ditpropvtionrd to the reteni-at self-destruction." tempts Bamtrsays" We have no doi:bt Snath Caroliaa relies apoa aworded It In their own styleTH PHOHIBITION:The Nashville (Term.)cles, and carried them off, leaving the heaviest and he was confident be could surround aad destroy us.TO BE THROWED BALLAST OUT OF ALL most Immovable for the English. The army will The garrison of Peking is reported to be 60,000 to the ladles had dlssppearei, but their little Japuiese mtnt vhichit hat calUaforth. The Republican Party, collision with the General Government aa tita aeitIas it woujd bave lo defend oilier la- any Stata,!*• Stars aiidStiU:es"still waveoverthem,notwithataadiag the frantic and IlisuI In^ oemonstra'dous against the rights of Uie Federal Government. Soutn Caroliaa holds the same place in the Union to-iay that she to prove tliat tliey weie seriously offended by the has held from tlie beginning: though a wantoa aalAs Ibe flitpat'-h by which I am permitted to sendthis will be clored this evening >ou must be content least what the Fiench could not carry they left for us. with the short recital of the above Important facts. No description can give an Idea oftbe splendor ofof tl e French^eiijgvisible, theEnglishfired -21gnusSHIPS IN THIS PORT, Winter in the North without doubt. Great excite- 70,0. men, or 8 standards of 6,000 each, but probably dogs, something lesembllng a King Charles spaniel, having grownln four ye^rs into a nuioericai ni&jur- best Beans ci furthering her projecu She caleulataaTO BE DONS ANY REMAINS OF SHIPS AT ment prevails here and at Canton.not three- fourths of that number exist. were numing aoout In adisiract.-d State. Mr. vVadb iiy, has succeeded in appolntmg an ob&care nominee upon the saiUing of blood, and a general stampode »tTHE OUTSIDE OF THIS PORT, AND TO BE FISHED AND HUNTED IN THIS PORT AND SHORE.THE GOVERNMENTATNAGASAKY.The literal Iranflatlon I take to be as follews : There is no balla&t to be ttirown out of ships in this'Theie were a few guns on the wall oppos'te to our secured some valuable books and papers—some, we battery, and our works for riflemen were extended to believe, for the British Museum. 'Tne Emperor hadto tbe Pieaidency of the Uaiuo;The remaining ships are not allowed to fish in "ten horns" rising out of the sea. Who uppnabadPRISONERS. been elected. The allegation that the North has been bestowed apoa ttie policy which is to sw-port.the port, or bant upon the shore.n/b Japanflse go ashore every day by tlie boat-Is like unlo the beast 1 Who is able to make war with Idm 7I think this has been an unholy and unrighteous war.ing the Emperor's Summer palace, Y'uen-mln-Yuen, Tbe following account oftbe treatment oftbe Bng- has obtained a secttonal triumph is only true eeed it. The managers may suppoae it easy to walk was taken possession of, and yesterdav Messrs. H. S. llsh pilsoners, Parkis and Loch, by the Chinese, is because the Slave States decided unanimously against out of this Union Into an Indepaadaat goveraawat ex- Mr. LiBCOLB. No man who raiueU his life could hare temporized In passion, aad without regard to ooit ot giveu a Republican rote la South Carolina or la consequeiicee ; but when they liare tried it by expcri';everymuch of Kbat was then to his evil ocrurrliigDemofratof Free-soil confederates and of Republican WPJ*" tlonary towards the State Constltutfon, leaving oat efropesSle time Sas-xo- ub-sib was abusing poor PAaxss thePalmtmJUttkm ^ wlthittbaitwo CiM to Stmt mn* sthmt^^nalattmr,uccUuarat.ainTshearaed wfaurm*ituexrtoe—nBiolnvaefgi*nneidrt.o'"WSeiaistnS.f^o.r"ft'o sMeXrecclT^SSaf*S'>"O'^?-S*^atf itf ItanekfUrOne box, J. H. Brewer dr Co.; 1 do., L. Von Heff thing that temataied—minors, screens, panels, Ac- It to him, and a general panic seemed to come over tered. a line of Custom-honses lanatba bMi^ !.Laxom1 do., Valerlo d: Fassin. Total about $38,000.;SrT^^SjVsSi^ ge,TA hampoa on the 2U. She, and also the Shoaling Dee. 14, aaaounoes as beyond doobt that the Gorera- Sotso be dl\IJed between the English and Preach.; ido.,J.Sibley<feSobsStar, had strong northeast winds the entire pasaige ments of England and France h4ve laslsied on the amount to a large Installment of the Indemnity claimed. ranlrjly driven up tbey :; I do.,W.revengeand s^cee silver Is under charge of a guard, aadeussloaa. acmeand Paxxis told Looh he feared it was all over with ecoia scaicety worth whltevU ibawjmB toMM > them, and that he must prepare for the worst. To revoluttoB^^or the defaooe of grtpSfy^iKout boSS their great relief, however, at this moment a cart was1 be total value of property destroyed wouldondomesth-ialcreaufaraiafa tbacompany with four others, had rua away (Tom the that Gen. Dcttaa was shot latt night in tne back, A general order froml the Brltlth Commaader-ta- and confined position In which they were compelled gaiiiiism by strangers and eaemies will be more aa-ing1860.His Hajestj's Netherlands steamer Cnningm, vrith the Dutch Ambassador on board, oa his way to Slam,spine,that the brave Geneial laon a^ well as could be expected under the clrcum>taaces."beautiful takiag curlOHand souv-:IItheir hands and feet were twund, aad the awkward lives for reAirting and humoring tlie Sooth, nuiathe cart without also, beingMtmntn aad JiCir C*r$<m at Chefoo, takiag the lattership's boat. In which they had coasted so far, when be- command, whom he refused to promote. 1 bo ball thebenefitof tbe arify, which was done. .All were cause them exquisite pain In every jolat. Their If inflicted in ike Stuth an mpeeted AtoUHakittithough not killed. The assassin has nut been foundbymen were to be sent In for »ate by public auction forsprings, jolted over the rough road In such a manner as at times toserupnlous; he is sappoerd to be a Sicilian Major under Ddhki's:goingprobable that aomeoftka Slave States will secede, aad that after a-tfaw dMV and upwards, as If to see whether It gave them much will seek readmlssleia to the Ualoa. The^HiatvsayThe Paris torrespoadeat of the London Glabe has enil^ weie thus ob'alne! at a nominal price. Tneor rejectingthem.Manyduring so long a ride, pulled their arms backwardsthe poor Slkti Americans are an esilneatly practieal neo^. with aa have concluded a treaty vrith Japan, press to France, saj s that Her Majesty's health, so score w bere the sale was nt;ld. In tbe Temple La- was, like tbe others, heavily chained and Imp-isonel innate capacity for escaping from Insomhle dileaasaaa.memtiered, ^rd Aiibxbst, as Ambassador from sufficient food and other Inhuman torture, having land, was insulted. Is but small punishment for thethat the Prhico had heard how he only just01 er tbe whole of the contents of that palace unin- In the course of which he occasionally met with aliest chapters.THE. FOLITICAIi CKISIS. _SPIRIT OF THE SOUTHERN PRESS ON BX- CESSION.paa-;The Newsege of the secessloa ordlaaace by the Southside of It is tbt. French the side of two camp bybe was desirous that he should nrrlte a extremelylarge lotus ponds. It Is reported that they are to leave that:oners who were captured wtdlst on a peaceful mis-et^ forta, llghthousaa, aad ethar Fedoal aiutieiii and It will be long before they can return to duty. Tbat would not only u'terly destroy the present gor- Lccn free at once, but If he would not do this he ought to be aad tba ef tha nfaua;like visita Ion Inflicted on the yatthe being pal-wisest course for the Prince to would as pursue be, theysit n{i^aad an the other, and stretching across from the and brig, also a Prussian, were lost—at least, have aot deposition of the facts. They are all suffering much, lace in Feklag might be Impolitic, tbough deserved. had been imprisoned wrongfully, to set huaself and clple and ataadard. ef (etUement i* the iidimMiilaaThey wore brought from a town some Moff, to which tbsy were conveyed soon after their ture. N o information has been obtained about the two otherof anew oneto take them out of and let them hare prisonadjosted, aartmpUmPASxaa and CoL Sthsph]iiso>, the Deputy Adjutant- General, went to a hall of rerepUon outUde, this morning, to confer with Huns Kir (late Hoppo o fshort of our demand will boef accepted. Whether weshall treat before the rest tbe prisoners are releasedIsnot made If Sas-ko-lu-six remain obdu- kpown.Lord Eloibsawiodulhde twhoeuylgdetsoeuetwohfabticm.oulHdabeo kz, asahned expected, done,prrovisioniditiem of things, moat work a deal of liioaiaaiaaui.Canton.)Theytold him the would be bombard- cityrate notwithstanding the defeat of his army at ailpoints, we may have to do so, or the end will never Habs II, walked Into his wardIntellJgeneeKit came out and saidly ^nler canvas. It Is tbe impression here that we We have had an addition to our family oa board—a all our cemands were acceded to, the gate was open to announce our positions to the prisoners, and to our were finally set at liberty, being treated dur-ing this as well be setting our bouse in order, preparatory taquarter twelve,us when we shall be lorced to follow rait.We mayliave made qat'e a remarkable ran. We are fourteen young Japanesedays ahead of any steamer that has ever left tbe Uni- women attached to the Embassy, 1 believe, though an The Generals and Staff, with tne Punjaubees and and gone on to tbe Summer palace, expecting to find respect as they teen badly;Tbe release oftbe on our near prompt prisoners ap-be done as himself, but that Loch shotild regarded'ter. In ourthe latter, who were waiting for the remainder of our Loch, wfco on these occasions fared even worse than tlie Cotton States would procure European goods experiment Inconrenieat, costlyvrillChi the French the Brigadier of- coming up.histhese and his bead down and ruflians, pulledin the dust at tbe feet of Saji-ko-lik-sitt'sby rabbedniore cheaply,obtaining returns reiidllyGreatround to cut off the Tartars,pony.andrection, and tbat we should follow them. I believewhile tne tbey attackedand found 300 eunuchs In-Tne Prli're, before leaving, tiad given an order, which waswkicb tliey consignLiverpoolGlasgow.tliat the forti at Charleston had been eaptured by thecaptains, and mighty charge of It and 40 men who take care of the gardens, ovcibeard by Pa axis, desiring that their friends, to- larlsonsupply,everyand in.tue rocks of the moun-re- two eunuchs were killed, and two French officers wounded, and they then took possession ofthe palace. ^, , .It IS fsld that the reason our army did not advance was that a body of Tartars were seen to come out ofItwas a false alarm.The Summer Palace is about five miles by a Clr-getherto tbe rear.report ot firearms, or some sound which might letthem know whether any struggle took place, but as the ren.oval of tbe tilbute which Is now paid through on In the 8Ist year of his age.. laaaHfIn a di- southerlyhavlDK»gWBiaUntitled Documentto make their escape.been In the keptan<lSecra**Wg«BAftertent for a snort time tbey were t^d that Sas-xo-lis-sm had detei mined to hand them over to the Prince pf I as being cirll prlconers, aad that they were about,produced;There Is nothing now but wtdladwayof rdi action or'?S.ptnaU*a5^"s nanJUtk. ,iha«Waaat^rlvMailedjabms, whereaboals,fltarveratakenabanttCeemileebaek wiuTji'lS.I?"*";*'*i«««W««and;spite, but not for any length of time;theyrashlyfor the barbarous bIm their and most of his oflScers, for they mountedso iatreatment the released prisoners, their countrymen, pt nles and left In all hastehad isceived. were at the same time harried out into the yard byC bine se, by Lord Elozs, was found. It had colatloa, it must have been between S and S in the cans. The signedand InfluCaoe' been ibrowa on the ground by some one. and lay ia afte noon whea they started, aad they did aotnaeh ties nndoubtadly Involves a dangar .4*tne heap ol b>oaea articles, till the English paper evl- deniiv atiiacted the eye of tne persoa who discor-Peking naUl about sunset;they suffered much duringexamplebut tiw riti is redncedio tu hmeetof fnaeoaSS' lUn gtalM- JMHat whaam» 'North with •-officers and to UeA foreign OmcnUweit v9utd tearvalf taltraU tke trtatnuntwI^Aig tgkjtva^Prrmtyivartia[losslble triumphtotione motive for extending the area of Slave: vwith thewhether tbe export market Is capable of eitenslonofNew-England Tne reform would be worth coosideratile exertion, but ItU'e subsequently Phllauelpbla,^*«S^^ 5s,the three prlaoaershaddittoaal pslnarticles of jewelrv they happened to have on them, haps altogetler. Item the employmeat of fbree. TimasUnited States flag on the fortresses which are ganla-oned by tbe fnrthe beet of regBiar artny will,oron of the town, and placed in a amall court, from pi obably be allowed towhleh,'after a short interval, Paxxis was called into meat can b« aecotlatea, aadpoanly a readteatwv a rotom In which were some examining officers, askeda fewheavyIn w htrh criminals of every description were con-fined, there be ing no less than 72 in that which he nowfound h<mself. Locn was next summoned, treated in their comparative aorelty. ne old I><lB«ntfc al- preci-ely the same way, and placed In a ward apart lies of the slaveholders are eager to avert a cataatra- from Pabkis, In which were M wretched prisoners, phe which would entail, among other serioiu rinn who hailed tdt entrance with the most horrible shouts quences, ttie political destruction of ttiClr partf. The aiid jells it was possible to conceiveletter to Lord Eloib to ibis effect, and let him know t'laceto-cay,andtakeupapositiononourleft.Tbey attbesametimethathewaswell,happy,andwell cismshouldhaveaogcgerieaasliOBvedsptiUriatactofaleraiwit-h to tnke tbe west gate of the city, which Is tne treated. He further suggested, that If he were to sayonly one open, but it is objected to, as tbe Emperor's In his letter that the Prince was an excellent man of slty on tbe patt of a Southern States. We shall leakOCCUPATION OF PEKING. Corntpondence of the Hong Kong R'giatfr.Maissaiba Ikau ro-KamI' Saha, Governors of For- NoaaABS died frjim the effects of the brutal treatment tbea to be doi.e. It Is supposed the army will not en- be, ttiough lie bad no doubt it was perfectly true, and tnnnpei-iato bedet«Dained! Is Chailrataato lwd» clarad a free port at <mae, aad If so irlB bar niwas- eign Affairs at Yeddo, which will precede our arrival received from the Tartars, the former on the 8th, the ter Peking In any case, but that the officers will be al- tliat, as regarded himself, as he was neither happy clal Independence be reexignizad byforalga Fowantbusiness and an enlightened statesman it could be with much loierest to toe accomBaByiBgacHaa of thaagreeable to his feelings, and tlie means of Convention, by and through which the oamfUaatat possibly relationsregard the Faderal GovaoaMat aM ta ba adjusted and permaaently established. How la (ha dispatches to Mizociuchi Sasooki ro-Kiiu-8iii4 and distressing news that Capt Aai>iiisss and Mr. Dt been ordered up, anive. I have not learned what Is say tbat he was what Habo-u represented him te commercial status of this embryo Nidlaa saysrsasaThe United States steamer Saginaie sailed oa theIt Is said he has fled.one of ihe gates on the north side near to tliis camp, and shall do ^o as soon as the siege guns, which haveblm, that not having the pleastua of knowing the Prince it was, unfortunately, impossible for htm tooftime. Paxxissaidthiswasnotenoughofcan taceeed witn this Goveriuaeat. It is to be h^ped it. Paxkxs then said that as they bad been taken tog* provided cotemporaneousmast bo with tbe act of ialso be llbemted. Impossible, It was useless to think of 'The Emperor accedes to all our demands. Haxst that the same will be persisted In, and that no terms ther, so tbey must be liberated together, or no letters tochange forgovemmeatal lelaUcaa,Europeans, Capt. Bsabasci and Mr. Howl- Special Correspondent.proach to the capital prans that only a firmpolicywherea salute twenty-one guns by tbe artillery tbeyhis own chains were Immeolately taken off, and they were removed to theKaoumeui;;undoubtedly exposedand po:entlal martfr. For similar reasons, irri-tation at once a.-sumes the form of irreconcilable vaded In the same taanner. By their own act, theyThe tie thst binus her to her sister Slateecaaaut be severed by bertelf. She Is a rebel, if you will, with-Power outside of it- by the party which has for several years contemplated Union, Is yet ov erthrown. The only quality whichvery rest of fitted up, and the rolls of silk, satin and an actual ceparatioa. It is by no means impossible tbe Rbetts and tbe Keitts, aad therise to some1 6th ultimo wa» fought. He begged the of loot of all kinds made it almost impossible to know States itriti be materially ttrtngethenedm their advocacybeing able to annihilate by arrangementsgavespeculation.but Mr. LiaooiB tha whole South to her side aad iaherdatsaBa, aia"John Bull" wiU most Ukely make them suffer forthe Inhuman treatment of their prisoners. Now that within liW yards of the wall. left the day before, but his destination is, I believe, where it exists, aor the power to prevent is extension. llsloa.he kas got Peking, wbxt will he want next? Most San-ko-lin-sln, It Is said, was in Peking this mon>- unknown. It is said that a panic took place amongst His bltteieet assaiiaats can scarcely pretend that he sacrifice something of its dignity and duty to avald It,probably he will bethe Fiench, and that they evacuated the palaces, re- la retpoutlble tor the legulation of Massachusetts, as tbe last means of defeating the further sacoau of turning, however, when the alarm subsided. One which eosstltutet the most substantial grievaaee of this revolutionary prograaune. We would nrebr laInto the Japanese, as he wants to contril all the East. I take It that this treaty of Japan with foreigners will result in the downfall ofpitching*SaCKING OF THE IMPERI.4L PALACE. CoTTttpondence of the North China Herald,Camp or tbx Bairxsa Abht, one mile distant from \ the Northeastern Gate of Peking, Oct. », 1860. ( We encamped here on the Gth. On the same even-the Japanese Empire. " Joha Bull" can neverHORRIBLE TRE.VTMENT OF THE ENGLISH didate was and not because he has proposed,enough- He is like the" grasp beast with seven heads aniforward, not oae or anslble thoiigkt practical. Iqid^'and make enormous purchases of evsrythin; Affairs in the East are by no means settled yet, aad Paxkas and Uexit Loco were liberated and returned extracted from a letter datedthat coaes in their way, soch as carpetbags, boxes, (laas for windows, rope, carpets, ladles' bracelets, books, Ac.you may still expect to hear alarming news.We have had fine weather while lying In this port. As the coal will all be aboard tomorrow, (SOO tons,)to the Embassy.I sent a letter to you from the camp, six miles fromOcTOBia 8, 1660. Passing on they came to a small canal, on the op-ence, the) wiU be apt to find a dear reckming."Tbe new Governer of South Caroiiaa, Mr. PloxtBt,is destitute of the qualities which are needed for such posite side of which sat an officer on horseback, who this election by the Demoeiats who have so long an emejgency. And although not heretofore reoog- Ml the Princes do not leave the ship at the same we will get underway lor Yedde on the 30th. A se- you with this. On the following day, the allied forces beckoned to them to come over. They were prepar- been parmmount, and the majority was too large to be nized as a violent ex'jeosist, he is pledged to tin OD^ remains. It seems, far a sort of watch- vere head wic<l and sea will be encountered all the were on the march in search of the Tartars, who were ing to obey when tbey saw a number of persons, evi- attributed tu any trick or'accid»-nt. The seceders can movement, and mutt go oa with 11 to the bitter ead. supposed to be in great numliers about four or five dently of liigh rank, coming towards them. Parkbs only trest the result ai» adeclsive proof that tbe ene- His recent speech before the Legislature exhlsiled soon discovered, from the wsy-ln which he was ad- mies o{ the sztenslon of Slavery Lave at last acqtilred Uie same abieuce of comrrahenslon in regard to the dressed, that one of these was Sah-ko lin-sin himself, thercontrol of the Federal Government. 'The Con- iiccesAiUes of tbe case which have characterized all and he was pushing forward to make his way up to stitution, to which all parties refer, certainly aontem- the discussions so far. When the «»m reaimes haveTung-chow, on the 4th, which will probably reachthingis certain—our allies take care of themselves.the South. U the success of the Republicans is In- see the seceding State left to meat tha aanOiigaaeia* consistent with the rights of the minvrlty, the objec- which her course has eanred out iar liar in tha future. tion ought to have tnen taken when their can- * • • While seoesaloa has thos recktaasly beeaSamp iiroai Piiiss, on the NoRTawisT sini, \'Georgia, and it is too much to require that the Free States should adopt the same process of exclusion. 'Thelnteies'.sof the South were falriy represented atthepassions cf the multitude. It is reasonable to assume fesixin>lbleTy the world for the aeUaf rash lesder*.h*to»o{measure of secession;n- 1 anand the policy of the State seems now to be directed NeithQi^ihe fabric oftbe universe, nor the fabrle of thowill have neither tbe wish to Interfere with than will benooal- Slavery retult. We hope aad truat thatjalres^le protection of'tK Vdloa agidaatCS.. ^^Indian-— depend decisive i"Alas!tbat theof MotthatB 1and formidable.emaia^'t>ba oamorctlhatiLmaSPowersUiewhat ESSiSii aSZ^a^HErradicalsicn, for an mtenegtium wttbont inch haSiipaa^and mischief. WeInjury ^n^c^structure of secession rests.'independentand ifWe wonld rather see the General Gonmnttwhfs. wicked misrepressntatJoBi and Inaaae M«a- tue judgment aad misled Ihaditri-The Louisville (Ky.)pronounce*We do not regard the electloBof LraeeLB asaayCompany. si»3aT !i> theAnnals of Philadelphia,Sooth Carolina anduntil sooie-arraaca-Bulletin annotincea the I:find her impracticablea.a Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 