 xttM.it Unuu, Puna*verylarge, buttheywere,like Mercutio% wotind, eneugh." W egive below a tableweeflBtribatedSlot . __ . Seauoos ACTION or THECOTTON AtWashington,iaUeeembtrtest,wefirstteamedthatKIXTfyO «sr«tid*l w*A%ul««t« W VUnTRIMXHTSTBUbBVIXUfQ. Illkt•ABOUT.Sro^lwuT—OtHtLU).V»in(*"<II*. 313AMIQMJK tbta "<4>mr*id" contained tbe fono«le| rooommsnda STATBB—A80VTHUN CONnOBACT AXD A Dt>1 rherocsh organization and Indopeol«/t r«IUlo*l ac CLARATfow o r iNDSFKMwrc*.—sjnong the manyWTKTXB 4AKDXK. BrOadwaf. opposite Head lono i»» JuiJUt.the event o f being attacked b y the federal •f<-«? tosoaossnamag pawns.power? That question is suewered b? our de- » Njrecoifu!! onofproaiavory men,exceptasrumaas,BAKHon-* AMEBICA* OTWCH. • w M w y - T P * ^ ^ * S>enliM|-A«r*c CUIUMOW—Lrnno Cvniosrn**,« • - « "North proclaiming that alavery—the vital ele- m e n t o f t h t i r s o c i a l e x i s t e n c e , t h e b o n d o f t h e i rGaienaT o l e d o IllinoisCentral Michigan CentralBBTnTTB»MiBBTSBIAweeaanJes'H«fl,OtBroadway.-society,theonlyconditioninwhichtheinfe- *• m. fleam. 1»!*«•»• Ac.-Las* O .49 30 9983their o w n country, with a . i toelr resources around them—men,too.who areallskilledin the use o f arms and not arrsid to ure them—a u t h o r o f t b e b o o k , a n d t h e n i n t h e A l b a n yJournal Onthe same plea ofignorance, WeedundertakestocleartheskirtsofHon.JohnSherman.GovernorMorgan andothershiningligbts o f tbe republican party who endorsedthis Helper book, or subscribed each a hundreddollaistoaidinsowingitbroadcastoverthe forrecognition,andoffering,inreturn,freein- country. gress for all goods of French manufacture intoBrralm-- HOOLST BIBLOS SAUK)*, _Duited States 5's, 1874.. 102J FacincMail 87MiwmststwIrnioi'iAjtSoa&s,1)**ratBuiuNOimto— U>*a'» I jfctn^Msuperior,andwhichisconducive tothemoralmcrelj to tacilitate the escape ol the Neapolitan And so it is through all history. The purestthe republican party tbe signal for disunion and a Southern confederacy.five cents and flour twenty cents o n last week's prices. Thisistheeffect oftbestringenoyinprinces.A dc»pat -h from Lord John Russell totlie Britishmotives of zealous moralists, and t h e mostthe moneymovement in the South. The longer the pre- sent state o f uncertainty i s prolonged b y t h e silence of the President elect on the policy of his administration, theworse matters will be- come, i t is folly for any particular Interest t o suppose that it will b e exempted from the gene-people 0 ! Sou'hern Italy, and Victor Emanuel in rendering tieiE assistance.le rM*. !s of news from China corroborate the acc-pupta of the capture of the Taku forts be- fore publLri.ed.111-Uomlonmoneymarketwasquiet&ndsteady. people,amongwhomitmustbecometheruleble a consummation, or else the industrial aud commercial interests o f the republic will b e hopelessly paralyzed, and thousands o f familiesCoa.11•outhe3d closedat93forbothmoneyandwill be reduced to beggary. We have not yetgovernment andthestability, ofits in- Ifthiswereamovementofthepoliticiansitbe made to fee', in the depreciation of the prices of breadstuffs, the mistake they have commit- tedin supporting theelectionofa black repub-lican President. There is n o section o f the country on which that deplorable event will not react; and were not its opponents as well as its partisans involved alike in its consequences, we should not be sorry for the severity o f the lessonwhichthelatterareabouttoreceive.If they would avoid aggravating it still further, theyshouldcallonMr.LincolnatoncetogiveacuuuLM.gl t.y advanced price*.wero buoyant a tcf ruin reduced to immediate practice. In the States oftheNorth, notone,butall,forget that in Southern veins flows the same blood with ours, a n t from their insidious teachings theslavesalreadybegintocontemplateinsur- rection, and servants to threaten their masters, believing that they will b e protected therein by a black republican administration at Wash- ington. Yet with such a state ofthingsin their midst, one of the leading journals of the Massachusetts school, whose words w e give institutions, b u t w e cannot shut o u r eyesto the painful truths which the evenmof the last few days have elicited.We hope and believe that the conservativemerchants, bankers and manufacturers o f N e wYorkwillmakeaunitedefforttoobtainsomeofficial statement of the principles and poUcfwould be easy to suppress it. But it is a move- mentofthepeoplethemselves,andthatcannot be arrested without great difficulty. W e fear the people attheNorthdonotyetreaiizethe extf nt ot the danger and the sad consequences that must follow this disastrous revolution a t the South if it should be carried out to a seve-roses for himself as the chief cook of the Wash- ington lobby.THL FIBST FRLTTS OF THE RECENT ELECTTOSI—L&T TuU.i: BEA Mass MfcKrau OFTHE WOBK-L\O Mr*'.-—The triumph of the republicans inthe recent Presidential election has already hadthe effect of curtailing the expenditure of ouraristocracy for luxnries. One month ago theleading barnessmakers were receiving their or-ders by the dosens for the three and five hundredAmericansecut.tiesa 1 Lhcrpool the cotton market was active, and ai' qualities h a d advanced i n prico. Elour h a d de'lined sixpence, while other descriptions o fbr« arfBtufls remained generally aa before reported. l i e nteamnbip Philadelphia, Capt. Brown, from New Orleans, via Havana, on the 6th inst., arrived a' this por: \. sterday morning. Her advices havet e n anticipated.The staamahip North Star, from Aspinwail 5thin.>ta'.t. arrived at this port iaat night, withwhich are to govern the new administratioa. rance of the Union. Between cow and the timeIn such a time as this all minor considerations of the election of the delegates to the South should be waived,and the good ef our common Carolina Convention, on the 9th of December,country only considered. L e t the Union men, NorthandSouth,standfirm,andallmayyet be well.b u tLincoln to lranquilize the public mind wouldImpair and weaken his power and usefulness as given in another column. The incitement t o the President," there la abundant menace for theThe particulars o f the brutalCo!yer. a fanner living near East New York, o nMonday lught, or early yesterday morning, arefollowing words o f wisdom:—"The only w a y , then, to forestall a winter o f disaster, and t o secure political and commercial tranquillity, Itcommisaion of the sanguinary deed waa about $150 in money and a gold watch, which were upon the perton of the deceased.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, StephenGordon,indictedwithEnrjghtforviolat- ing the Kmigrant Passenger law i s selling passen- ger ticket* illegally, was convicted of the offence, ar,d remai.ded for sentence.It isunderstoodthatan application isto bemade to the Supreme Court for an injunction restraining Commodore Vauderbilt from building a pier at theBattery.The forty-seventh anniversary of the Female As>South.Such an effort on his part could only Impairhis power to use coercion; it would strengthenImmensely his power to pretervethe Union,which thus far has proved so great a blessingtogivethelittleaidthatisnowneededtoin-inflexiblediscipline,hehasbeenenabledtoAfter the usual exercises and the election of o n - cers the meeting broke np.force can maintain I t T h e black republican journals and leaden must therefore recede from their tone o f menace towards the South. I fChicago,onaccountofthoallegedprejudiceofJudge Manaiere l a favor of Mr. Berth, mad uadoe InHuaana*murder o f TheodoraThe ootios savkc« was steady yesterday, whtlsthesalesasabrkosdabout1,*»a1.400Mies.OwtegtoUM theydonotthepeopleoftheNorthmusttake heavinessanddeclinetosterlingexchange,oouoa«u thismatterinhand,andbypublicmeetings9THERECEPTIONOFMR.DOOGLASATMON»>OOMEBY.ALABAMA.—Itisreportedinthenews-papers that as Mr. Douglas, with hiswife ath isside, was ascending the steps o f his hotel inMontgomery, Alabama, on his recent visit tothat town, several addled eggs were thrown a shim from the crowd o f loafers assembled aroundthe house, and that the contents o f one egg, e x -ploding on the Senator's h a t were scattered uponhiscompanion.TherepublicanpapersorgansarerepublishingextractsfromhisIlli-itistoolate.WUltbeworkingmenofNewyen, soonIsuowea.Mr.Osradagthe only leading asapls article of prwiaee whleh Its owa near fan aff about fo. per harm, with saodsratesales,andtarsomektsdsasmachaalOc.per barret was oooeaded. Wheat, owing to the low relet ot CeroigB exrheago and the taarsasH atrhtgeaoy la the•oaey market won also heavy, sad M l off from ail interests, North and South. le ata.parawohaL Oaraotoaeddo'l,withafidraoaoeatt *f sates. Pork wee dell end heavy, ospo.eteiiytar sew prtaa* salsa ot sasas WON madeatTie names of several parties are mentioned t.hat now exists from one end of the countryto Isthe county seat, was selected Io July awt, aad tho original pa^rs in the case were put on file here. Since119 a »l» I t * , aad of a»w sriaao at f i t et. doll, and abeat Ma lower en Ikeweak*republican with extractsonly t h e repetition, i n another shape o f... • .••• ..s««e*»tv««sutOewtita•DewaistawaaTern* vt taw Ola cat K*|HiHII«evm Praes.ThereismischiefinItt*dUm»«tJEevefltndTburio*•W*id.broughttotheatco ot repentance by tbe dreadful disunion excite- mentintheSouthresultingfr<mLincoln'selecmatter" Soit ia;betwerely uponMr. hor^sAM alaoto do bis full doty m th* crista. WeareassuredtUthe isgifingbiswholeat-NEW YORK HERALD.J A as suttovK i i i i i f f , circltHt m more tike th u of »h* year l«3T than eueri mischief will mid.OVViAlkH.»wmwith*"••*HHros 4JU) r-rnvsurroiiTV riwogpanic\Kftn*nc*a»andeomm«CfiUlSoothCartlmaBankoffer*to takeo! the bonds issued b y the Legislature tor the n-*. comes down to a personal eonfesdon con tention to this Southern diaunioe agitation, aadao> au'« else that bee be*« witnesoed a'nee that 00**00 OF /CI.TOO AJO> MASSAC STS. n-markabie sad dieaatrous ere, Btocta evw•rate Pamle off lbvO.That most infallible ofpublicbarom*ters,armingoftheState and «bat the Legista*r* adjourns today, leaving »a« question of B****- non in the hands ot the p^iptf. The dele^teeoernlog Ihe Helper book, fle says that— we are ted t o expect a a early proclamationWereadtheB*i#srhook,hastily,sooaafter It*oebit from Washington admixably adapted topro-rior iace can live in community with the Mich.South, gnarant'd. 474and material good of both—"is an tvu* and aCAjrrimsuBT OOMCBBT BALOOM, Broadw»y.- crime." I t i s not alone the young and hoi- We fear that this is only the beginning of the would be a task .from which the most warliketeaa*•.«<-»RtnuJManM.**• beaded amongthem, butthegreyheaded bitterend.Itisnotourpurposetoalarm oatiouintheworldmightshrink. Euglanddid H«W Vafk, U edne*«l»r. «.'»imbii 14 I860. statesmen, the beet and purest, that counsel the country unnecessarily, o r to join t h e *er utruOBt for seven years to conquer the samet h eStates t h e"with pursecomplete a n dgovern- wieldingtbereby loses his employment and means forthe minimum of mean temperature, aad ailed la the hottest climate* by arttSela] refrigerators. These shafts constitute subterranean packing houses, where meat re-which t h e black republican press speak before the election a number o f gentlemenCommissioner, weregret to say, hits ju*t ex-pired, is hardly to be calculated. Until within'all of stoctes in Wall street would havebut little effect if the result could be confinedto thosealone;outtuimanskillhasnotthepower tothusdrawtbeline, and say thusfarandne tatther b.nalt thou go; but by the very nature of eocMy its wcrta rtsult is felt by the work- ing men. .whose only capital is their strong arm and active mindThe event* 'ranijpuing about us create in the most stoical mind* apprehension o f financial trouble of a seiious nature, and it is the duty o?ail classes, gre»t aud small, to do all that lis* witUin their power t o calm th e troubledof the claim of the South to the sacredwell known in Wall street published what theycautiousinsidiousdeclarationo ft h eHouse, when the peace of the country wouldSouth with fixed bayonets for the purpose of panic," which the election o f their candidate making an alarmed and roused people confess has brought upon the country. What do thejr that the North is just and has the right to dic- think of the present aspect o f political affiirs tate the view the South must ukeof its attheSouth,andfinancialmattersattheNorth social and political affairs; nor will the North Are they not now persuaded that the success cf era people ever attempt by force to make those the fuaion ticket would have been at least the of the South admit that "slavery is an evil and milder evil of the two? If tbey are not now of a crime." If the Union cannot be maintained this opinion, we are satisfied that it will notoouirol of the d>partmeut to auy successor io suet a. way th»t the South willsee vemsaeotarm*,tapposedunder sanction ofthefederal % bo a a y b e appointed. In retiring from this ihat t o . i ibid republicans, w h o with their authority, In the absence of govemmeot troops.dA YORK, MWAUK VftmXWDAY* NoVEMBKK •;».;_'Mfl6:l| 1 „___ _- — —•Wscarecrow.be treated frkiifuUy, leniently «**• forbearance,orireknownotwheretheturret-down,faOM»dailycry,Bv»p*rcentmore;toarhas fallen twenty cents a barrel thw week; thestock u>arketwas terriblyagitatedj««rer- totheConventionaretobeelectedon the9thra-ton It«•*«hemtoiaSmtthnwmaa—%eati*»««« rvtttret of Noiih Carolina It ouBtreated the uuraaUsws »-.tittteowad\acU%««olstawj,provtaf,aswethmfh', U>»t ib« ».r opt11U of North Oarouoa was retardud rather tfcm t*um»te4 by a**ery. Whse O*KM, taarsfare, to ••omthepooiwwUooofaUrgeeditionof»-'OompaaS,"mote the etrds of pacificatk n and JMasssM be- tween tbetwo sections of the Union, notwith- standing the election of Lincoln.wbeeA tv« cents a buaat*; the beat oaines are day. The traofactions in Wall street were notv.f December, and the Convection is to be held >nthelftftotDecember, whenti»equestioc *U1 bedecided whether South Carolinase-•eWat(turnonetooneandahalfpercentatr.oit. OHwMiy for Bitvnnf'actttrlBg purpose*caonot be bad o n any termt<; operatives axe showing ibe decline in stocks since the-10thof cedes from the Union or cot being discharged by large eetabUahmenta; mar October, and reoonuBiend it t o the especial at-chant* woobadordered rich harnessesaadcarriact* tor diiplay in theCentralParkarecoantermandiog their orders, and no refectingfoundation for my leais. maikefpricee o f the leading stocks on three There in foundation for the worst fears that several daje:—mancanlayhishandon hisheartandsaythis allonlyatemporarypanic,andthereisnofinancialevils. Hereisthetableshowingtheou the question.t-begetthemoneyto prepareforherdefenceinSuckiy4 Vh patroosfe to aJa»eholdloe nwrciaaU—no faest-Hit:>tuf-'e*ew&UU)ghotels—nofeestoslerehoMloglaw r»i-s- no eeap*ymeetofslavehotdlag phyatclaM-ooaudi-Bf>"*KRt THSAT&X. Bowrrf—BrAUKira * BoOBBS can be entertained b y any man. The great Stocks. BaetrtattBTaoura. AftarowaandSTMuag material interests of theNorth andSouth MUaouriaWM-LACKI fliBATBB, Broadway.—Pt*Tura ffm are beitg rapidly ranged In hostile posi- TenneMieeBOct. 10. Nov. 10. Nov. 13, spatch to day. The southern Statee can get mtwssfcC! •»'niir.nl* 871JFia* _____«. Virginias LA"SAKXSXTSTHKATBS.Ma.OtBroadway.~PHT- aace of a setof Northern fanatics in Panamatic i"UWkMcr—tououa 4 r*TH«a. Erie whattheyharebcaatinglycalledan,4irrwpres- Readingarsw BOWSBT fWUTBB. Bowory.-MrsTsaisior elble conflict." The South has teen stirred to HudsonRiver PAAU Morns* Uoosa—PAUL Joitss.M ) | tions toearde each other, b y th e persist New York Central B8g••itose recommendations are repugnant to and 116 tothepointforthotewhotalkmadlyofwaging inconflictwith ourprinciples,sentimentsandtentionofeomeofourcotemporarieswhohave persisted,intheface ofthe mostpositiveevi-j denoe, in stating that the election of Lincoln wouldb*apanaceaforallsocial,politicalaqdless something extraordinary takes place at theNorthintheinterval. S«»ufhCarolinawaunit itwthlpwitfctbtmtorelts,'.oa—noBflH-atlonwiththornla9 0 s86 6«178] 11931 35j 51 l« 574 €5 3 9 G64 57| 3i|1001 9280 money in abundance o n the pledge o f toeir was astonished e t this discovery. H e says86 col ton and other products A question more 70portant document whleh the President had re- ceived from Charleston, and w e have n o doubt thattheDeclarationofIndependencewhichwe publishthismorninghitheonealludedto.124 38J47 63f 21 7 27 5 | 4 6 83 6 826t war with the secedfcg States would be, where2249 is theNorth togetthe mouey to coerce them?Hf It would cost one hundred timea a s much52 •N.a successfully as*t>U t h e Southern States 69 T2 7 as. w o u l d b e n e c e s s a r y f o r t h e m f o d e > u d t h e m -?«*eelvea. Toconquerninemillion*ofmeninr.y'hs arrival ofthe Ctnad* at Halifax yester- the motives o f the religious fanatics who urge brought about this political crisis at the Soutn, itoas, and that first class Power failed in theand financial panic at the North. Bat we aretiveaweighnotagainsttheirresults.Cotton nowcompelledbyasenseofthedutywhich partottbeNorthernrf'atesfailtosubduethe ledtivMiientoendorsethebookandtourge necessarytosay,setsforthallthegrievancesday wf have Karopean advices t o the 4th iaat., two dats later thaa the accounts brought by the Nort!Amnicui.ThenewsL*interesting.tbey mu*:t adroit that It was their blind and ia full to-day.attempt. A nd s o would any attempt on the headlong zeal against Southern slavery that The Declaration of Independence, it is hardly Therearecontradictoryaccount*respectinga MatherbelievedhedidGodservicewhenhe weowetothepeopletotelltheleadersofthe£ou*hForbeitrememberedthatthemementitscirculationbyeverymeansintheiroftheSouth,anddefinesseriatimthereasonsfivib.u'.Jinspecieonfreight.Shebringsnonews anothercolumn,proclaimsthat"OldAbewillfrom California, her advices having been antici- take caie of these agitatois;" that "the exer- pated by the overland expresses. There is no cise of forcible means by the, federal govern••cme decided steps ought to be adopted at the North.Theleadersoftherepublicanparty, the press of the party, the members of Congress of the party, and above all the President elect of «fce party, ought t o come out- with mani- festoes declaring that i t is not their purpose or policy to meddle with the slave institution, nor to infrixge in any way upon Southern rights.dollar rigs to adorn the prancing steeds of the upperteninthiscityastheyappearedonthesuchassurancestothecottongrowingStatesasnews of importance from Central America. T h e Isthmus c f Panama was perfectly tranquil. T h members of the Cftirfqui surveying expedition had completed their labors, and a r e n o w e n route for home n the Brooklyn, which was to leave Aspin- wail onthe61hor7thinstant.The pony express which left San Francisco o n the id inst. arrived at -Fort Kearney yesterday. The general news is unimportant. The markets re- maned pretty much a s previously reported. T h e Uncle Sam left on the 1st inst. for Panama with $1,132,000 in treasure for New York. The Moses Taylor, of the advertised opposition line between San Francisco and N e w York, had been with- drawn.The steamship Leinster, one of the new vessels of the Galway line, will take the place of the Con- naught, leaving" Qalway on the 20th inst. for Bos- ton. Thecompanyintendtou*eincreasedexer- tions early in the spring, and considerably extend their operations. The Prince Albert, now in this port, baa as much freight as f>he can carry already engaged, besides a fair complement of passengersfor the season. Thus it is evident that the disaster to the Connaaght, detrimental as it was, will not materially detract from the ultimate prosperity o f the Oalway line.At the meeting of the Board o f Police Commis- sioners Testerday, the resignations of officers Car- peater, o f the Fifteenth precinct; Gorman, of the Broadway squad, and Johnson, of the Eighth ward, warereceivedandaccepted.TheGeneralSuperin- tendent recommended t h e doing away with specials, which wis agreed to by the Board.Thecaseofthecaptainandmatesofthealleged slaver Erie waa mooted in the United States Cir- cuit Court yesterday, b u t dropped without a n y definite arrangement aa t o the time when i t should be takerup.Kent" will be justified; that "in such a contest e the slave States would b e speedily and deser- vedly crushed b y the arm o f power ," and that the result would be "the immediate and violentabolition of slavery, the destruction of their commerce, the ruin o f a l l their material Inte- rests,andfinallyaforcedsubmissiontotheau- thority they had resisted and the government they had defied."George the Third and his minion, Lord North, never used stronger language o r expressed more hostile intentions when, for far less m o tives than the South has today, our fathers secededfromthecrownofGreatBritain. And when'Boston proclaimed "the right t o seoede, and that goes back to the primal right of revo- lution, of rebellion against an existing govern- ment," a s the Boston Atlas acknowledges, it was the South that sent to Massachusetts the earliest and most earnest support i n i t s claim of the right of secession. And when our Revo- lutionary fathers founded the Union, they left, as has been expressed recently by one ofthe clearest minds of the New York bar, "revolu- tion organized whenever i t should b e d e - manded b y the public opinion o f a State," b yorganizingments, holdingthe sword." The tone and mannerinfashionable drives about t h e metropolis; b u t the developements in the last three or four days havecausedsomeofthesegentlementocoun- termand their orders, even after the harness was partly completed.would arrest the secession movement *NEWS FEUM WAJSHlBQrOH.cu this 'bloody and brutal" war. Men'sm obattle between the Neapolitan and Sardinians at urged the hanging of the witches of Salem, aud republican party that the country ia in a verf . blow was struck by the North at one seced- (iari&liwio. Tlsfc former assert that the latter were proclaimed that he saw the devil whteperiouf, at critical condition. The events of yesterday iB iog State, all the Southern States would rallypower. AQOV they now begin t o realize for secession and the.creation of an indepen- the consequences o f their criminal folly. T h e dent Power, just*as the Declaration of the thir-defeated, with the loss of two thousand killed aud wounded and five gnns, while an official despatch froiu Turk* states that these assertions a r e false, and thH* •'•*• Sardinians were not defeated at all.!t Li * '. P 1 th*tt the Sardinian Admiral had com- menctda'.d an.-pended firing upon the fortress at r.aeta, b j order of the French naval commander, and it wa« believed in Paris that the objeotofthe Empercr in preventing the blockade o f t«aeta w a stheir ears while they quivered on the gallows. The Puritans believed in their own righteous- ness when they drove all other religious sacts from Massachusetts. Loyola honestly deemed that he served the best commands of the m^ekand lowly Jesus in establishing the order of theWall street reminded us very stroogly .of thf rooxd ler.ar.d it would be uecessary to con- beginning of the revulsions ot 1837 aud 18,*>7| quer ali before one could be bronrbt underHelper book, with i t s atrocious recommenda-t'ons against Southern slaveholders, was a fitting accompaniment to the John Brown foray;and between Helper, Brown a n d Mr. Seward's••icrepressible ccnilict," the publio mind in theteen colonies sets forth thejr grievances before tbe civilised world; and in this regard i t I t a very interesting document, even supposing that nothing more serious should eome out o f i tCATCHING rr A L L AJROCND.—It will b eJesuits. ChristianSaint faith,Dominic, foundedi n t h e fervor o f t h e inquisition.We know that just now it is th e common c r y quo*e th e case o f Andrew Jackson coerc- that the secession movemeut will amount to ing South Carolina when Bhe nullifiednothing in the end—that the intensity of the a l a w o f Cocgreea. That case ia e n - Southern feeling will abate in a few weeks, and tirely different from t h e present T h eSouthern States, ia 1858-'59, was prepared formaking the election of a President In 1860 b y by our market quotations that wheat has fallensoon. Butdonotbetoosureofthat.Let MLnUter a t Turin, iuatifips the revolution of the the worst deeds. Calvin burned Scrvetus a t some means be taken to bring about so desira>The sagaciouswith h is repudiation o f Helper. The partyhave used bim, and glorified bim, and circulat-ed his book b y millions of copies; but now, inthe face o f this rising Southern storm, theyplead not guilty. This is a sign o f repentance,although it may b e to o late. Poor Weedbeginstosetvisionsofanythingbutabedof ralsuffering. TheWestandNorthwestwillearnest faith of Christian zealots, have donepeople were n o t then unauimous in thethe staka for an abstract idea.Theya r en o wperfectlyunanimousThe tone o f the black republican pressevinoes the same zeal in forcing their abstractrule of right down the throats of an unwilling lest our faith in th e permanency of o u tbut If something is not done to quiet the Souththe yoke. However the South«rn States maywe shall have a panic compared to which those otffer among themselves about the wisdom ofabove aliuded to were as mere eddies in th e se<*s«ion. there would be uo duf-reuee amongstream.mem wheq it came to wtr. It is ridiculoustottwmt *.»•»« €»*rott«» Inanothercolumnwillbefoundenimport,Ti^us-oWWJKEJB**?satHsu***Buuc^rte VicePresidedisgoingtoexerthimselfLaSheant telegraphic despatch statingthat t h eThatshewillsecedethere canbehardlya doubt in the mmd ol the uuwt iuoreduloue, un-twiontbepartofBODelaTeaoldtofwhitesifthaSootht InetigiBiot? of aemwhoSSSOS SSWSf aaothar vote tottetrafltaaorinbtimanSeah.8. N4ie»operation w«0*lBveholaO»aln poi'ttas—«ofeiState.fication.for secef sion, and there are three o r four other States whose population are all nearly of the same mind.A large number were opposed to nulli-onetourraalarming indication* ofsecesaion watohwe publishfrom theSouth to-day will befound an account o f a reaswt informal meeting o f statesmen from SouthCarolina,Alabama,Mia. eiseJppL Georgia and Florida, held i nton. a t which am independent Southern deracy was determined on, and a declaration of^dependence wasdrawn np. O a r flsspalnhssi 764 72 Of cm.he theionecentlobbymasterWeedjfromWashingtonyesterdayreferredtoan im-sympathies;"that«'wehareneveropposedorthought cf opposing slavery by any such means;"that ibts 'disavowal was promptly made lastwinter" to the Mayor o f Washington, t o the from a distinguished Southern gentleman. T h egfce^ionastheonlyrefugeleftforhonoraud armyofthecroakers.Wehavetakenahope- pt-oplewhenthewholepopulationofthe GrantedthatWeedandhisaccomplices, theportsofMobileandCharleston.Thein-The Mews. selfdefence. It is not atimenowto Impugn ful view of the great question whichhas coloniesonly numbered alittleover threemil pleadingthispleaofignorance,alltellthetruth, structionsfurnished tothisagent we also givei-8 deepest deep* by the spectacle of a united Harlem RockbslandWe have received thepublished accountof the proceedings and copies o f the dose snailI t w a s a-tred, where wouldTHB PROPOSED "HOMX CLPB" FOU YacamMEN.—We have printed elsewhere a letter froma well known yacht owner taking strong groundin favor o f t h e project for the establishment o faplaceinthecityproperwheremembersofthe LetthemmakeuptheirmindstocarryoutinNew York Yacht Club can meet each other, talkover the adventures of the past, arrange plantfor t h e future, a n d entertain their friends fromabroad. There i s ample room f o r anotherclub up town, and the only difficulty inestablishing one has been the want o f some specialityuponwhichtoorganizeitTheinthatsacredvolume,too,theymightfindation,ourfashionablesarecompelledatthefirstStatessteamerMtehlgaa,IntheharborofErie,Penn., Yacht Club has upon i t s books t h e names good reason for repealing the Personal Liberty indication of the coming storm to tighten t h e on the ltth last, for the purpose of maalag a careful of the first people in the city, and re-bills which nullify theFugitiveSlave lawof ••ringsof theirpursesandcntoff allexpendi- sot 0 experiments asto thepraetioal advantagespresents all cliques of society. So there could be n o complaints o f narrow minded exclusive- ness such as are made, and w e presume with justice, against th e clubs now in existence. A club without a n object o r a motive above eat- ing,drinking,cardplayingandmutualad-Congress.TheymightpointtoStPaulsend- ingbuckafugitive slave tohismaster.Let them, by doing this, help to repair the mischief tbey lave so largely contributed to bring o n the country. There is not a moment to b e lost Thesecessionmovementisadvancingonevery aide like a prairie o n fire.STREET COMMISSIONER SMTTH — A faiihful pub- He officer is a jewel without price in this corruptty. Official corruption and incompetence have unfortunately for years past been the rule and not the exception in all the affairs of our city government, and hence the value o f suah atures for luxuries.Were tbesimple fact that this or thatof using steam expansively, and any person engaged to She manufacture or management of steam engines, who m a/ present tbemaeives on board for the purpose of witness In j the experiments, will b o afforisd every reasoaabl* facility for so doing.larosTAjrf TO snuz FACZSBS.The (ommisaioaer u f Patent* to Say homed a patent toBonD.ESomes,ofUalne,forpackingandcuringsaeais in warm climates, destined to produce remarkable re sails, 001 ooly io this oountry, hut la Central and South America, where the curing of meatshas heretofore been impossible. The medut epertmM of this invention i s simple and eheap, consisting o fmiration, is rather a dull affair.satisfied that the Y achtsmen'svery agreeable resort, aud, more than that, will be the source from which the public will gain from time to time some information ofthe greatest value t o t h e people o f a maritime city like this.mightwithitordemandevenapassing notice But the formstion of our society is -uuh that ali c'aises are dependent upon each <tber. and if the rich man is obliged to curtail h's business and change his mode of living, thatW e are quite Home will b e |As LvreRESTixa "AppeiL."-~On the daymanasCapt6.W.Smith,wh^peetermasStreetran AuaeoostrCTmuHOisKama*.It Is slated mat the administration will cause t o b e proeered a full and reliable report in regard to the saf•(erersInKansas,andifthefactsjustifythePresidentta recommending Congress to make aa appropriation 'or their relief be will do so.ATPO 1ST MOOT.W. P. Mellon, of aUaotssipbi, bos been appointed DeputyPostmaster at NstentsTHOevawun auas.At tbe etoraay season In the mountains is near, and tho PostOffice Department having failed to order mailser- vice between Juieaberg and F-acarvlUe from somi monthly toweekly trips,thereIstobo BOWschedule timeforthe pony rxpreas, to take effect 00 the 1stof December, namelf - from St Joseph to 8an Francisco, Siteao days,rightofrevolution,whenitshighestanddear- termed"AnAppealto BusinessMen,"urging thelasttwo years theStreetDepartmentwacest interests are in danger, is the most provoking them to vote the Lincoln electoral ticket, so as the very hotbed of official dishonesty, and aincentive to their use o f that right Even in to prevent the election from going to t h eperfect ch*o8 of confusion. But Capt. Smith has radically reformed all this, and the affiirs of the department a r e n o w restored t o perfect order, and peculation is known there no more. By untiling industry, great taot in the selection of his subordinates and the enforcement o t antheAlbany Journal, that "a voluntary effort of Mr. be endangered. The "appeal" contained thesure h is (Lincoln's) success." This "appeal" was successful, or, a t any rate, Lincoln w as successful. Now, wewish to ask Messrs.Wil Ham A Booth, Shepherd Knapp, John Q . Jones, Pelatiah Perit a n d their associatescleanse this Augean stable the most foul of all she departments o f th e municipal governmentawtanoe Society was celebrated yesterday at theReformed Dutch church, corner of Fourth streetan 1 Lafayette place. I he expendituiea o f the so-ciety during th e past year were $2,151, and thereisabalanceofca/hinhandamountingto$192.bytheforceofpublicopinion,noothertakeaverylongtimetoconvertthemtoit. changedfromtheCookcountycjurt*,whicharehewateverywhere denounce their fanatical and fool- ish kaders, and the policy they s o Tauntingly proclaim,beforetheera becomestoogreatto he remedied, and revolution and ruin involveas Capt Smith's surc^sor. but w e ouly nope the other. There is no time to be lost, for no hat ton* oounsel have been ?>usyall over the countrySotraCanauiu m 18S2 ANDM 186Q.-Theare using this incident a s a n illustration o Southern society and hospitality; but there a r toois campaigu speeches of two years ago. B u t York take the matter in band and net the example at Pre ampiion Hotel, and Mr. Burch stays at the private the? do not meet the necessities o t the caw . for their class throughout the Northern cities T residence of Mr. Thashley Mrs. Bareh ho* oat yetor-journalsfrom t h ethemselves .Mer-a r econsoling CharlestonWhatmewantisaletter or aspeechfromMr. cury of 1832,loshow that this present doubt,assumingthefactstobeasstated,t.h*» Lincolnnow,onthepresentcrisisintheSouth, themarketlull. AaaaoUoosaleofl^sOhagsofoom- secesiion excitement in South CarolinaIt iftheoffendingpartiesinthbcaseweredetest- embracinghisview*forthepreservationoftiieh a sbesa lavtted to accept the haasttsJiwaserembraced about entanasgtveatosaatherruffians and lunatics everywhere.moafrradesofItewasboldyooterday,twthehoeasafS.MR. VICE PREHIOEVT BRECxixRiDttB Vauisus PRESIDENT BCCHA.VAN—The Philadelphia Even- ing Bulletin, understanding that Mr.Vice Presi-We have noed, they would be severely punished. Butwe Unt«m Is he for harmonizing theUnion,orD. Morgaa (the State Executive), whleh, compared with the o l d nullification excitement o f Goneral •re not yet satisfied of the truth of this newspa- ior pushing on, with 3dr. Seward, the "irrepres- dent Breckiundge "is abu'it to visit the South- on h**or* r\uu>«»f «r Friday, a*several oivUand crtml-prevIocssetteofsimilargoods,stewedadeoitaeofItfc Jackson's day. We fear, however, thatby *te.perlb.Freightsworeheavyandtowertar constantfeedingforthirtyyearsthisthingorperreport,andwehope the tru«t may profitthisreported outrageto beonly the invention 1ofsomenewspaperBohemian whocould tiJBsible conflict." Union or dwuftion? That is whattbeAtB*-rica.jpeopledesiretoknow,andernStatesasanadvocate for theUnion,j eaysB*IUtahpm-MMitoaHM>docket. JelgeNortonarrive* latev%*Vrd»r,andeponedthecanrt.TOereWHSnocrowd,forKnpterrlHe.maquiet,little Tttairte Ttn**e of aeaut two vhousand it habitants, *•*«•To Livorpool wheat wotengaged at MtaUXd, baabel,inbalkandhags,aadSoarstta.td.faUntitled Documentthat "if tbe President caonoi be indicedto r,his it.thequw-wion which Mr.Lincolncan makeacydemonstiation forrestoringordattogood faith-the compact of the constitution, andwipe away the odious imputation o f being"covenant breakers," a class of m en whom therepublicanclergyoughttotelltheircongrega-tiops "God abhors.'' S o it is written i n the Five Points, are affected b y every change that book by which they professto be guided, anda g eand among thisover-taxedcommuni-poi-ition the Street Commissioner may justly <d>.ewith bimtheassurance that hispubli: services are not disregarded b y the peopleThurlow Weed nowcomeso a tmarketcausedb yt h esecessionThe universal prosperityyear in all branches of business created a uni- versal demand for the luxury of horseflesh and the nec< seary equipages; but a s all classes inThere was no polltioal aoos of Importance. They bad not beard the declaio* ot the OommlsslMers In the Para SjSSf matter. The government ha Te given oar Minister, Mr. Cushmao, leave of absence to return homo mpoctArr axnaunns wrm snastJ the metropolis, from the owner of a brown stone palaceinFifthavenuetothelowestplebeianatThe Secretary of the Nav j has ordered a Beard of Na- val Engineers, consisting of Chief Beginners Isher wood. Zeuse, Long sad Aimers, tomootoa hoardtheUnitedtakes place in thecommercial wheel of the na-man w a sequipageihat announcement,denying himself certain expensivet h e onlyquestioni t wouldinvolved carryi n n oCapt Smith announced formally fo the Board waters Above all, there should b e a n ex- and between Port Kearney and the outer telegraph shvof Aldermen on Monday the expiration o f his preesion of sentiment b y t h e workingto all. Coercion is impossible. The people oftheNortharenotgoingtomarchdowntothewhat they think ofthe"peace,not termoltfflee,andhisreadinesstodeliverup m<-u-ttebolt-andsinewtrftheNorth—CharlestonLightDifantryhavetakeschargeofthegorouo or- o* ••lovition torthe n?gro, wouldd estr<ytr.*prctperityoftheuation,cannotrelynp'in tb«=m to back them up in this wild crus*dewhose interest h e has faithfully guarded fo r HI«Hwilt land us—Heaven only knows where. arouad this region begin Io be excited about theoei*two years or more H e found the departmenta mass of confusion, and he leaves it as orderlyas a merchant's counting house. H e found i treeking * i h corruption a n d robbery, and h eleave* it purified. What more can be said for a NewYorkofficial?Thatisareputationwtricbsuchwaythatitwilltendtorestoreconfidenceexerteduponthemind*ofthepeopleef -stablinbeshimatonceasavaraartsinterrte. intbeSoutnandallaythefeverishexcitemeniChicago. Dupagecounty,ofwhisk NapiervtU*that Mayor Wood wi.I be able to select as good a man as the present incumb>'utperson can tell in times o f revolution what a day or ac hour may bring forth; and since our working men will feel tbe effects more than any other CIHSB, they should move in the matter at once, and do what lies within their power beforetaking depotit:on* of witnessn, both arias being basked by great wealth. Finally, all arrangements being 1 SSOStsS Corning, Esq , aad hi* leadingMK LINCOLN'S OLD SPEECHES.—To prove the conservative position of Mr Lincoln, his partyo f hereChicago, aad yestsBrowning,duringt h epastWAsnmcros, Hsv. IS, it**. Advices have been received a t the Department of State from o u Minister at the Argentine Confederationin m r a reacts upon t h e laboring m a n , w h o sinking shaft* 'nto the earth sufficiently deep to obtainhimselfa n dlittlesupplyingnecessaries of tile. The fact o f this speculator orthatmillionairelosinghisthousandsbytbe main*untilsimelentlycoredformarket.ones with t h eLet, thertiore, theworking men in this metro- bratedBuret,oass,thefirstmoreInwhichwassandsto- polis aiid ui every city and town in the Northern day-S'..re* iic-HDoble i n mass meeting a t early a s pM:Mbit'aidmeregive utterancetotheirtrue suiUiofiitu upon the issues o f the day, and inOn appliaatloa cf Mrs. Burch the venue of the case was•f.i9Mm,. U >Sp r o b a b i l i t i e s a r e t h e r e f o r e i n f a v o r o f t h e i r reliability. I t appears that the representatives oftheGulfandcottonStatesnotonlydecided uponestablishing aSouthernconfederacy,hot they have accredited an agent on behalf of the people to the Emperor of the French, askingtiot ta Liar for telegraphic despatches, eleven days Private Information received hero stela* that t h eVme Barest Divorce Case l a IlllaoU MAraavau,m.,Nov.It,1860.The election excitement having almost sled oat, peopleBerkwith,arrivedwith Messrs Boyoo, Sedgwicko fQnmey.rlT*d,butMr*twtaosv. Allofthe*OWMWorefromHimols,sat thoHSSambraeesthebootorthebar.tho trial, when ens* fairly bofoo, w«oososy abootthreeweeks; butthere»UttlschanceofUsbeingeaUOd'-, disunion i n South Carolina h a s grown t o o strong and p s i p ^ l t t o b e trotted a s aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069an*wei juM uutf ae *eii «* at any 0«iW UiUtJ.nothing better todo.the country, ii I- » satirfuctioa to hoar that theouieafjomitorauwuStation.IM Oewt iiO'JOi ao s »www.fultonhistory.com 