 »ft%CHAPTER* III.The Burglars' Nest was well named.SNEW YORK1•WijMIMMBP ""' "J3HEHERAIJJ,. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2 9 , 1860.-TftTPLBSHBBT.aflt, was thetie short and long could be carried on, aadyou suppose mat man Is?"Mr. Beg, of coarse, intimated that be didn'tagony."Go .on," he murmured, faintly."Itlooks,"continuedtoepreacher,"asthough hadlefttheroom,asnarratedinourintroductoryupturned faces of the sleepers. Throwing another lag cmaba fire, Dick sested himself in a more com- fortable position, ami,«tv« waytodeepandUTERA TtJP .B.WlUlll _ 1 MUBkW TO MVRRV.rr JOB* a.jux».then recovering hia self-possession,!, with a"yoa ft is'*1Mvot's the-tiat,tenderneae that illr^ expreaaioBhalf]bearded,''Mind," said Dick, "to ant 'irn in the room dent, and wants lodgings for the night; seeing looking scoundrels, one of whom I am certain I "It was a remark o' van of my old pals that ven a The fire yet continued to light ap the door whichlediito vot'sgotthetrapdoor,vichistherwerrymodelof you've gota goodfire,andpYapsfee!lonely,I have metbefore-don't bealarmed, Imaybe thingwasquicklydonettwasvaildona." jects,-aadbyMscaddyglowTom!and peeped inquisitively in; seeing convenience, ana liar comfortableat room in ther reckon you won't object to let him share it for mistaken M their-character." "That being got through vtth," continued Dick, faces of the sleepers. Coming to•top here tort There's ahaag-,attendtoww make myself at"•Tor^r T^^^^~ wbowoawerrymany.Itwosa" You seem to have met with a rough tame af it, myfriend,"remarkedMr.Duffy, ashemovedMa bench so aa to allow the other to get sealed.His companion, whose face was one o f a mark- ed devotional cast, bowed hia head in silent assent. "Let m e relieve yon of your cloak," said the Detective, sympathizingly; "you look much fa-Mr. Dick Hatton; to solve tt 'Bo saving t h egeneral scowl which greeted him eaeUynt k *"Yon think me a coward," said the preacher, aminag."Prudence is not cowardice," remarkedthe other. "There are times when the bravest quail; oar aarveft have more to d o with that than y o n"Yenhe settherbag down,"continued Dick, "Ido,"said thepreacher, quietly; "the fan- examiningMscompanionsfacestowatchtheeffectaone ofus ran the •Mast* w a s n H * " ^"VeH, it*s mean, that's rot tt Is!" ejaculated Dick Hatton, with aa oath, the moment hia leader•*ip^W amaj*na tMnwjn^ ^unw^nasBjg nin» :smvsTn* a**JaaV«nBB»mJBm W posh the most unheard of exploits.'' TheTonatitattestedgreatInterest- :" "laaliah,attheuu..j were once thaystoodognomy lit up with the enthusiasm of religion.n\aadfa themeanwhileIonaa wasforletting him go; bat he kept such a hollerin' and threat- ening, that, arter parleying a lee tie, BUI Hedgesgives kirn a knock on the head vich silenced htm; veil, afore we tossed him in the river, Bill ties a big rock to his neck to prevent hia coming up and breeding » lot o' onsiy questions; bat the worryItwas curioustoseehow theburglars' eyas Sarkled at the mention of the carpet bag of Mr. itective Dufry, which they now firmly believedasthereflectionthat hemightbe After turning toe matter fa fas over again, and' coming to toe^,^ .___ timl trcolumn of smol .'Don't attempttofrighten~tatton?": he asked the question before thesprang instantaneously to their m et, Urn with the rage of threw—a more i crew of cut-throata could hardly have beenby the Tomtit.te knivea were promiscuously drawn, they longed to lap the blood of aa they crowded roundick Hattoa, with an ugly grin, m-fellow is safe. I vant to cata- nuncemeat of. Come,It occasioned by his remark,hia easy, half recumbent po- the menacing group, coatinu-iously. " Aint yer going to say nothing?""Of coarse I am," replied Tomtit, planting his legs defiantly on the table; "my opinion is the opinion that s got to be adopted, ana no chatter- ing.Mow,lookhere,continuedhe,fixinghis restless eyes on the group, "you all want to makeway with this traveller?'^"That's so," exclaimed the burglars."And I," continued Uomtlt, coolly, "am for let-bat, thanks to a kind Providence, I was guided to this inn."go. Good night."The preacher again expressed his grateful ac-knowledgments for the kindness of his friend, andto Ms companions, h e changed his tone to one of drunken jocularity, and commenced hamming a tone, beating time on the table.The door was immediately unbolted."Good morning," quoth the detective, nmhttC fan eyea; "I farm slept well, aad hope tafatytt have been equally fortunate."to a small apartment inftformed UU priacipal I"Where is the man?" said he."In the back room, eating Ma sapper " was that' i f l W l " j o o C M P w p a t ___ easy for I left the door on the awing."The former occupants of toe Nest were an old rest, after some very weak nttamffa to fasten toindividual bad indulged in * spree,they mast be led off; for It would be the worst thing yet to kill aim; he would be missed as suresaid Duffy, catching him by the arm, anfrestrain-4 log Mm as he was about to rise; "I mean no bodily harm to you; be seated, and listen: I am not,"Mr. Hatton thereupon I ' " significant manner, indici could be prevailed upon, itmade.'*no use to^rwafl 0nlhe TemtiVbut it C O I Q O B dona vithout"Hush!7' said the diaeembUr, softiy. "The* are harsh words to use, even of those who may deserve them; oft do w e condemn without reft*- tion, our prejudices leading u« to violent extreme?^a * we*epem^wLa Swaspnmaji"Because," said the preacher, "you look so glar Chief, and Mr. Beg obtained the appointmentsorrowful;yetnotsorrowful,either;Ireadin ofcustodianofthesame,receivingas,arecom- within, than ha gave a start of surprise, and re- your face something that has happened that you pense for Ms services a share in the yearly profits treated immediately. would like to suppress if yon could; pardon me of the trade, wMch, aa that gentleman aegacfoualy "Here, Beg," he whispered-, In an excited tone, again." H e paused abruptly, for the detective's observed, "was a very good thing when it paid." asthatindividualfollowedhimbackagaintothe facewasburiedInhishands,andhishandbowed But,astheoldnovelssay,fatusresumethethreadvery *VwHnaerewouMbfifcojghdof, — _ .1MB*• 1SMMItomWVy?—W«ll—•tat Mw to d»pate with fete;•*>my^B^ntwenwtaftnw!•IBu BBSJ wlli LPny Iwten while 1 as t t t d»W:- ««bftt I ha»e mawthtaf mem importantI l o manage; BO, I'll tell you what, boy*, I've a good ^ ^ idoftaefyoa."said several voice*. —Mexitfrom"**,door, ^Wcfilr."him.1 the thing oys,yon.tost an eye" in his the reputation of a boldi.rrKRATmtato. >T:J fftttotogtogetaiminth-^w,eadthesudoa'tT "Hotawordtotlmbottom*;iftheynpame, feeblesmile—V ^ A ^ V"W.•N^^y^-Aas far as that8—A ramND. ttamstme of those mmarkabm circumstances that sometimes happen in real life (hat H e Detec- tfeenwry should base unconsciously blundered into the very place h e b a d bean sesrehing for wjdnty the past twe wears. As he sat qutotiy eat- ing bis supper he little dreamt that a few yards eff of -stoodafigurewhichthemeresightofwouldhave»ad ejabhftjjlarawla__"Asearlyas dftwn."^rf^&^JSS^offassoonaspossible." Abriefpauseensued. thatgentlemannevertosayan;•ait tin old.ttwoaldbevervdescribing ti«Bkei1the only a traveller wha hada momentary excite- ap, their fierce eye*„ it. bat meeting the •nlfanly maamed theirlooking bag?" ia- ia expectation ofstirring the fire, for its expiring embers were already casting deep shadows around tawman thoughtfully. "Do you know," continned he,lowering his voice to a whisper, "that there la something about this house and its inmates that Ido not like." boys,a"Indeed," exclaimed thean air of de- youall _ "ivhere asue my e< me fromwhat'ahaUmovement was unnoticed outside, be returned toPeartaUowoaesHaaarerenow bceaght into theand the burglars held a harried conversationto how they should dispose of their visiter; somewere for dispatching kern at ©oca, others were forlags, and rub them slowly up and down in a con-templative moad, alternately gazing in the fire,then around the room, and finally, with n o smalldegree of surprise, on the bluff face and form ofMr.TimothyBeghimself. Thatgentleman,who terruptedtheotherexcitedly,andinatonesodif- makeouttotherold'omanthatwestartto-mor- eretdoer,withthemostre- do with theFelf that no one was voice and said—eavesdropping,lowered M s"The roads are very treacherous hereabouts," It would be impossible to describe the effect said the detective; "I once "nearly experienced a"Just so," replied Mr. Beg, carelessly. " It's ftparson. He lost his horse over the peak, and about hia face—but more about that presently" •ting hfan go."togtosmoke with the moat astonishing coolae.is, produced by this decision. The burglars jumped similar mishap."aad eyeing them all with a aort of saucy smile that np, and oaths and imprecations of every descrip- "It falls heavily on me," rejoined the preacher, Situated in one of the. loneliest and most inac-came near tumbling over himself. Blow my eyes, f he aint a poor 'an!""Poor van!" replied Mr. Hatton, fa a tone that expressed anything but satisfaction. "Vot's set 'imcomingkereforanyhowf*'"Ask Mm yourself,'* mid Mr. Bag, with some asperity. "1 told you he's tost his pony. Me aint worth picking, if you set your mind on that""Veil, I should like to know." rejoined Mr. Hat- on, with a frightful imprecation, "vot's s e t 'imwas absolutely provoking. w tion were showered on their leader.with a sigh, "for 1 am a poor man.""Your calling has many cares!" "Cares,"echoedthepreachersadly;"ithasmanifold cares. It is well for my rich brethren who are clothed Infinelinen, and lam sumptuously every day, to talk about their cams; but, sir, When they have experienced the trials that I hare passed through; when they have suffered whit I havehe went to Ms carpet bag and toef^amVa anal package: "this," said he, "is oar bfUkfaat By he by, we have no time to lose; at least I banD O v * «•** ->«fflM^ •*--«**•- •--^pama^anw^amtannaa'"Isyourbusiness,then,soveryurgent?"** Very much so," aataWedftnVke eMaWtiv. ve, wata hasty glance at Ms watch and than at the clock. " it is nigh time the innkeeper was up; he was tt harness my horse at five."In a t-hort time the truth of toe observation wai confirmed by the appearance of Mr. Bag, was looked very sleepy, very stupid and nncommoalj cross.inhiswoodlandrambles,mighthaveoftenmet needn'tperwMeusanyvituals. IftherTomtit frightfulyawn;"*>««t*»TM'«t•—•• •h>I with mysterious looking habitations, long un- misses us he'll find it out 'imself. Blast my pee- Mr. Beg glancedtenanted, which to the country people had a pers?" continued Dick, as Mr. Beg vanquished, returned the sign a_ _ghostly prestige; where spectral lights could be"Come, now, who aw ye? repeated Dick Hat- "I say," repeated the chief unmoved by thecessible parts of Pennsylvania, its existence was hardly known; few travellers stopped there, and ome of those that did were never heard fromagain, so little could be told.Bugged and steep was the way that led to it,with here and there a frightful ravine to break thesafely many a dark night. I can scarcely account for his unfortunate misstep on this occasion.""Fool," he muttered between his clenched teeth, "I have yon now—ffawmyoa-now."•aad bad treatment have notWSeV:_ a long distance to the near* T h e L o r d wdB b e a s y g a a i a , "clausing hia hands with resigaation.esh'aU go w!tomV * f S m a " ^large enough for as both."*T accept the offer with gratitude,"Ti.11 i•ininmnmmakingawaywithfimatfenUy;batasaprolongeddiaenssionseemed"MkeWtoarise,Mr.*tiwas hadveryquietlyentered,tookoffhishatandmade ferentthatthe^detectiveinvoluntarilypaused. rowartergame,vichvttlpleaseftercMJoaaan,BcolddayinOctober,aiijadedherse,anden- commissionedtoaeetothepersonalcomfortofthealowbow.gentleman, provide him with a sapper and make "Siernr to trouble yon," said Mr. Beg, apologeti-aeadyhtt apartment, which last direction caused cally, "nut there's a parson outside hem who had the bad lack to lose his horse by some nasty acci-see as I was passing to this room, I eanght sight through a little crevice, which the dense himself would juftve hardly seen through, a doaen darkoff the feller, and smash in 'fa daylight in abort° "Warry good," said Mr. Motecat, approvingly.tracedhiswaybacktotoe werestillsnoringInharmonious himself down on the floor aad oo scarcely had he closed Ms eyes opened, and the Tomtit walkedtavern, ajajBtJaj la the ;region afPennsylvania. The stranger* • targe, stout-looking man, heavilygroup scttiug around the labia, he walked •onto toward them, introdacing himself in'A good evening, gentlemen, to yen all."The soutpaayu w h o were earnestly engaged in eonversing, hardly noticed hia eatraace, bat when be apoke, they instantly paused and greeted the newcomer with a look plainly expressive af aur- arise, curiosity and anger. Oae of the party,advancedtowardhim,eyeinghimsaid: .OT.^5gmfa.-7Btotf»"Certaiafa I do,Hr. Beg (wha at the mention ofr Maownaaaaevisiblystarted; -JE=3= :K—*****awhile. Poor fellow,*' confined the Innkeeper, "Do yen net feel afraid," asked the preacher. "it's easy enough to 'idetiterbody. Let van-eyed apparently buried in deep approvingly at Mr.Hitton's "helooksprettynighfaggedout." "Ho, Iamusedto these things,"rejoinedthe Snagatoneforthat.** nan attentively; a peculiar e:to the trap door, aad left hia "Let him come in, by all means," sail the De- detective, with a smile. "See," he added, pulling "Well said, Dick," interrupted that gentleman, serosa Ms face as he did so-their cammltation.Dick, "is to ran *im downaad drop 'irn in ther vat; deadtales."tell tales, though," interruptedtective kindly."Walk in, my man," said Mr. Beg, patronizing-out two revolvers, "these are modern inventions; invaluable as they are, their use is not generally known or appreciated. There will be a time whennodding his head in acknowledgment of the com- pliment; "but how will you gat rid of the team?""I'll manage that," chimed in aaoaVar burglar.boded no good to that genafamWhatever might have _tion at that particular moment, he proceeded aa•—---"=-•— — —**-Mai.T3L=—^ ooama ashoreinfluence they weald have despatched that gentle- man at once, without much form or ceremony. TheythirstedforMsMood,too,as thetigerlongs for Ms victim.eluded the Tomtit must be fa love, ing, dropped asleep.In&emeanwhilethe disguise, and bad laidrepose. No one was s o piedas he; bes:though apparentlynothing was done without the deliberate consideration.He rested butetinctively waking upat toe clock. Itwaawasjust dawning. He again took a of hAnself, made a fewTritrng i dress,aadthenproceededtotoeMr. Daffy heard a soft knock.' ~^«mwre?""Your servant," returned Tomtit, fa humility that would have deceived Mly, and the stranger modestly entered.Mr. Beg then retired, after assuring his guest even scoundrels will know their value. With"I'll drive it to the peak aad tumble it over the further, nutleft toe room as quietiy u he came. rocks." Mr.Dick Hatton felt quite relieved whoafathat his room should b e ready in a vary few mo- them," continued the detective, "I am more than a matchfora score of desperadoes.""Veil, than," pursued Dick, "arter that's done leader bad fairly retired, aad congratulated a then comes ther spoils. I'm thinking, boys," self on Ms having made a moat fortunate analaddedhe,withaconningtwinklefaMseye,"that his thoughts reverted tothe therTomtitdoesn'tcarenovay,longasthething's stancesconnectedwrtit tt-tMetfatflne Tomtomdonequiet." unexpectedly-hiswildandstrangemuttertatto "Wot about the spoils ?" inquired Mr. Snag. himself and the miniatare—aa these mfam"Vy,Begknowsmom uvthatthanbefateon," repliedDick."Itcomestomymindthere'sa seemedincomprebemuMefatoftdullbraiaaf, lowering hia voice to an tnv^^_» they coma an and peach, if its The new comer's appearance indicated that he "Yon think there is danger, then," observed theIX hi ttSnaaa ia trouble." belonged to the poorer class of the clergy; he was preacher.•a,too,"chimedInanother,whowas cladinalongcloaksoiledwithmod,andbom In "Noimmediatedanger,Iapprehend,"repliedbythesoubriquetofMolecat; "they'll onehandhiasaddlebags,alsomuchstainedby theether,ashereturnedthepistolstotheirhid-""ivanitswerryinoonwenientcontactwiththeearth;hahadevidentlybeen ingplace. "IhavemadearrangementstoremainVonce, venl woa doing basi- walking a considerable distance, for Ma counte- Una,inYork,waeetohadafel- nancewornahaggardandweariedexpression.in thia room, preferring to sleep on a bench ratherthantrustmyselfinachamberthatIknow nothingabout.Thedoor,asyousee,hasagoodpowerofmoneyintheroldcove'sbag." problem,whichdisturbedMm bolt,andIthinkyouhadbetterremainalso.Tonwill be safe enough.*'*°Ma'ny thanks," replied the other, as the De-ttontodpiece tectiveassistedtoremovethoegarment;"alIong imagine;bat,surely,yeadonotintendtoriskwalk and the excitement consequent upon a seri- ousaccidenthaveindeed somewhatunstrungme; but, thanks to a kind Providence, the danger iswas evident that suddenly my hor*e pitched into a deep ravine; I"Iwilltakeacareful look,aadifanythingjus- the traveller, though m ay essentially nothing till I found myself lying alongside of the tifies suspicion I shall return," rejoined theos the means of con- tothegallows."Mr. nTolecat'a record of his personal experience lemed to make but little impression on hb listen- »»naa awn vunp aaa(na^B> e^wncf ^apw ^aajanna^Biv ^appjan^pmBjaya^aaja^fan wwcam resumed, aad a lively debate, anmng up^ whichkeeper pointed out my room, ami by thia time it la ready. I should judge it safe.""Very well, if you will go," observed the detec- tive, "examine your apartment carefully before you retire; ascertain whether it has a good, strong bolt; make sure there is nobody under your b e d , and look out especially for trapdoors and sliding panels."of hia remarks, "Beg says tt chinked, and Mowif ther Tomtit doesn't know more about it* * * a^a^a^anj a^^wlets on.""Vot makes the Tomtit so contrary ?" asked Mr.Motecat."Vy, nobody knows," replied Dick. "Nextveek we wtatt ther old com in Philadelphia, and maybe he's got 'is mind on that.""Hewasasaying,"observedMr.Molecat,"that it woa a werry bad move to raise the vind on small tops.""Vot's that got to do vith it?" rejoined Dick, Ther Tomtit ia werry nice ail at vonce, tere " Mr. Hatton's quick ears de-" Your accident, then, was a serious one." "Very," responded the preacher, raising hia eyea with earnestness to the ceiling; "eerily, the danger was great, but a Higher Power preserved comment but an me. I was riding on in fancied security, whentheburglarswereunanimouslyinfavorofinstantly was thrown violently to the earth, andknewvarledTln Their proposed Plan of operations.Mr. Dick Hatton watched his leader's counte- nance during the progress of the conversation, batpoor animal, who had broken one of hia legs; his fall broke the force of mine, aad, aa yoa aee. with the exception of a few brofeee, I am uninjured. Removing my saddle bags, I crawled bank into thepreacher. "Good night."He extended his hand, and it was warmlyit looked stolidly indifferent.1killhim!"wasthegeneralcry.Pla- "Vot'ayetopinion,Tomtit!"heinquiredahx-road,scarcelyknowingwheretotarnmysteps;member,myvehicleiaatyourserviceasforasItected"approachingfootsteps,andgivingthesignlowers. .."Your escape was indeed mirapn!ouB,M saidMr."Thisisaloner7pl»«."remarkedthepreacher, likeit,ordeemedtoe•abjectworth•moved him to am abaamte frenay; ami well it might—there was ft story connected with that lgure—a tale to heart rending, so terrible, so re- volting—of tan* broken, of kespitality abused, of wrongs perpetrated, as could have been well paaaed e^Ni\Hi%ftndi toaV^toiaiaress oa>the care-worn features of that old man, discernible In every lineament; bis gray eyes seemed to flash with the same spirit—of deep, absorbing revenge.He finished his sapper, and moving Ms benchnearer the Ira, teak out a silver repeater and com-paredtheboarwithalarge,old-asMonadclock thedetectivearoseandcautiouslyboltedtondoor; withhonor,Mr.DickHatton,aftersatisfyingbun-fian& be the rendesvoos of villany," replied the old eint'Lonely enough; such a place aa I fitofflj a W ?"Yea, watt one moment and I wfll tellTheform, and their xleeses having beenjealenisbedafter listening a few seconds, to assure himself theI to retreat, afraid almast te I move, that villain hadthat was ticking in one corner of the room; havingdone this, and replaced his watch back again to itsfob,Mr,DetectiveDuffyproceededtoWarmhisMsseat."Ibaheve,"saidhe,speakinglowand "fa,titerfustplacewemastbemumaforeearnestly, "that this is a den of some kind—the inkeeper is honest looking enough, but as I was passing to this room , "In'one moment Tomtits tti mat all was fa profound led wretch, well knowing chieftain and what be might bled out of the orifice, aad <"My adwice," continued Mr. Hatton, "is to "Ha!"whisperedDuffy,"nevermindme;yon ofcourse:thengivetiterTomtit*»•HPi,/**"Whisper lower or we may be overheard," in-yourself anywhere else?"grasped by the detective.'Twill aee yon in the morning," mid be; "re-Mr. Beg entered very hastily.horse,whichmustproveftgreatmisfortune." nphiasaddlebagsandcloak,andsilentlyretired. Lookhere,mycronies,misnoisewon'tdo. "Isleptwellalso,"repliedtheoDuffy. "I am sorry that yon should lose yourwith another cordial press of his hand, gathered"A very great loss, sir,'* replied the preacher. As the door closed on himself, the Tomtit (for it "He was a faithful beast, and has carried me wss he) gave a low, derisive laugh.I've got another cove here, and if you keep such a racket ""Got another cover' exclaimed they all in a breath."without any unpleasant appnyear remarks, I must confess, did disturb"I was wrong, after all," rejoined Daffy, •tra- ins; a light; "itwemedtoamaaatlfant seen am of the men before; them was •appthfag nuafinr•31coming 'ere for? Vere's ther Tomtit?"TimBegrm-hingback. liaasshrankbackiatotheirseats.''Youallknowglect,insult—ah,air—evenignominy,theymaybery,thatlinedtheroadformiles. Mr.BegrepliedevasivelythattoeTomtithadsoon." V.hisgrasponhisbowieknife. threateningattitudeofhismen,"heshallgoThe ruffians pressed Bearer, a doaen knives were raised, bet stifl. the stranger manifested not the i of alarm. Carelessly divesting eard, he psaeoedad in the same. «,—M7 exclaimed he, letting his pipe fei nxim WfiMmmmftittt-.maa amwn* ^maaaap""^^" • •» •free—not a hair of his head shall be touohed; and who dares object?" H is stern, gray eyes glanced from burglar to burglar, and they involuntarily quailed before their defiant gleam.I displace a black curling wig. In one , the gangTAaoaratinto a wJdhalloo,"Mow listen, you fools, to my reasons;" con-tinued the Tomtit, angrily, as the overawed vil- endured; when they have borne hunger, cold, ne-gloomy expanse of giant trees and tangled shrub-" As T waa coming down I met him," returned Tomtit; " I gooes your vehicle will be m a ynotrouslyathissegar. "You'rebrightpeopleallof suchahueandcryraisedthatwewon'tdaretoleave the room, "tell that aid 'oman 'uv yournthat ther boys go arter game to-morrow, so she " All right," announced that worthy, with an« 'mmm» word' Bn—owS,JtBJaewg-,saeeifyvoucantrot yon, 'aoa my »«•«}back to tfhe'stable, and put my horse, in better OBartera than you at first intended; and hearken,show our heads; now do yon understand ?""Veil, s'pose we run the horse aad wagon up the country, and hitch hia clothes by the side uv"he'd perwent us that if he could." The detective, little dreaming of Theburglarsgrinned,andpuffedsilentlyattheirmeterofhiscompanions,followednext week we do a heavy job in the wholesale line; after it's done we must keep dark; the 'Nest' is the only place we are safe in, and here we must remain till the matter blows over, but, if this man is missed, between that and the job there'll betalk about their cares and preach as many homi- lies as they please about contentment and resigna- tion. The world calls me nothing but a poor itine- rant, little understanding why I hare chosen a life so thankless."ThepreacherpausedandpassedMshandacross his forehead, as though to obliterate some painful reminiscence, and continued:—The structure itself was a venerable wood build- ng, evideutiy built during the Revolutionary war, though for what purpose could hardly b e con- ceived, In so wild and unfrequented a portion of the country. Twenty-five yearn ago the tourist,one to snooze." "I'm going myself," added be, 'or it's hard on to midnight.""Beg," called Dick, as that gentleman turned to"But, I work not for this world. I have long lad,tellthatspoonyofawifeofyourstofixuptheriver,vichvilllookasthoughhecircomwent-sincegivenupitspleasures,lookingtothelandseenatnight,andunearthlynoiseswereheardsomething hot; I'm blasted hungry. Now then, ed himself ?" suggested Mr. Molecat. What are yon an gaping at me for?" added theTomtit, surveying the groap with a ve smile. "Didn't know me, when Pre 'where, as the good St. Pan! says, we shall reap a during the day; of wbteh a variety of darksegars."Vot yer going to do vtth their parson, boys?"inquired Dick, suggestively. ^'I>etMmslkfa7raaHaae.said Mr. Daffy, as he arranged the : "that that woa my opinion. Parsons are werry Pennsylvania fogs am favorable fabountiful reward."Mr. Daffy insensibly felt a growing interest forstories could be told, terrible to children's earn,and listened to even by the stranger with vaguehorror. „• , , Fopen air. The morning cool, and a slight fog pattse af forest." The air is chilly; i»'ow, then, what would you get for the pains-tg and risk? Why, jast a carpet bag, and Ms companion, whose pale, thoughtful physi-..„ .,"I wos going to hobserve," put fa Mr. Molecat,mmntu, ami mrimantjaaiaii Ithereeverythingwassocialandlivelyenough, and, as Mr. Bag-opined, a little more so than wasnecessary.lectedthewarmestsideofthehearth. Mr.Mole- cat shortly followed his example, ami lay snoring under the table, with his segar in his mouth. T h e"A mystery!""Yes.'a mystery.' Ovuiv vaaaaaJBj ewe'v• • ••I have been tMnkfag ^^^^ ^^^» ^^pn^fj.These old abodes worn perhaps some former "And not only those," resumed the preacher, tavern, whom dreadful murders were said to have casting Mseyes meekly towards tin detective, beenperpetrated, still haunted by thetroubled thecarpfctbag,andlikelyenoughthehorse "notonlythosecares,outsomethingelse.Ah, spiritsofthevictims:thesignswingingmourn-I be plenty of questions askedAairown might take it into his head to eome back-horses sir, there is a secret in every man's breast that he fully in the wind, and the door broken from its vard". *'• *to tell ye," »»**toolseither," observed the Tomtit, sarcasti- would, perhaps, never reveal." A s the preacherhinges, from Which issued the reptile a n d its com-e 8creeching ita Bxel nchol w nI durf°*toe n?Kht » y B• '«mntaw#•-tel amrtH'mS^nt? 8'lm^e Wto to smoke in a thought-CSlly. *• ' 'i i f] jT>^T^S ("*'>F~\Mr. Molecat scratched hia head, as an expres- argument wasunanswer-saidthishe againregarded his companion atten-tively. The detective's face was turned half aside;,1 naBjiftaamB^nw^Fmps^ ftTMajraje' 'ther Neat hasn't bean wexad vtth so many wtaita Suchwastoegeneralcharacteroftheold"half-tionsforyearsandyears,ttlookswerrybad."omtit accordingly crept stealthily into the passage,andgettingonhiahandsandknees,ob- stirring the components tained a very excellent view of the stranger, who h; "now, then, boys, was quietly proceeding with his meal. Scarcely, Inthefirstplace,Crib however,hadtheTomtit'srestlesseyepeered••Blneetbonmyml supply af^rnUeJJ Tomtit,afterhehadsatis-"Snoose avay,lazybones,"muttered he, sur veyfag them with a scornful glance; htiiss ugly countenance looked even demoniacal, pp<eering oatfromthecloudofsmokethathungaround tka room, There stood the taMe, as tt stood at the commencement of the evening, with the eatables, bottles a n d glasses scattered about. Thecandleshadonebyoneburntaway,andleft"I hearse" ,aaIshouldjn^ed. v * •Hatton, breaking th eThe preacher continued.way" houses and."Boar Heads;' of olden time, ;the Burglars'Nest," of undoubted anti- quity, had no sack ghostly stories to relate, orMr. Hatton thereupon shook hfa head gloomily, and lit a fresh segar.The night was now gradually wearing on, and« "Ana yon, sir, have yoa never too, felt any can- 'a right, I s'pose, but it kering care; or locked! np in year beam's oasfcet same dark, gloomy picture that yon would fainsuch gloomy occupants to acknowledge. Now and the burglars, under the somnific influence of to- often been this way, bat neverthenanmefningdarkamitragicalwould"' baccoandwhiskey,werealreadygivingsignsof existenceofthattavern.Ufadoes look sorter hard arter the bird's cotched to It'smean,that'srotconceal?" wThe detective started and tamed pale eventhrough the paint on hia cheeks. "Whythequestion?"heaskedalmostfiercely. "Yourpardon,"saidthepreacher,mildly,"ihave unwittingly touched a tender spot; but your face, air, i t looked so like—""How like; what mean you?" exclaimed Duffy,moving back in surprise and even anger , but per- couple, who, having mysteriously disappeared, Mr. Dick Hatton, dropped off, leaving; that indi-no reply to this sullen segar, herose, shook gintoanadjoiningplace, but there were no ghosts to vex the actors drowsiness.In the Moody scene, save then* own disordered Mr. Snag bad long since dropped asleep, having, fancies. Asforcompany,whentheburglarswere Withcharacteristicregardforhfaowncomfort,se-lie house should be kept in so wild ed a portion of the c by—it'samystery"ceiving his companion appeared hurt, he added more softly,"I meantnottobeharsh,batwhereforethe question?"left the Tomtit to take quiet possession without toe trouble and expense of questions asked, and montitiyrenttopay. Theplacewasfittedap as a tavern, according to the suggestion of the Bur-look."^ _...._"So you mid lastvidual in the midrt_of a long dissertation on thedegeneracy of the Tomtit. ago,*'Then* leader ia a man wtel gloomily."Oaoa.privateroom;"here'saconfoundedgo.Whododown,aathoughconvulsedwithsomeinternalofourstory. alongtrailofgrease,wMchdrippedevenontheless,intrepidspirit,bavfagagreattalentforper-know,whereupontheTomtit,lookingaroundtosatisfy himself they were alone, brought his handIntheform ofatrumpet closeto Mr. Bag's ear, yoa—thatwatchedyoawhenyon slept, followed 'avebroken'is'edafore he'd let sichgameslip, and whispered: yoa when awake, breathed in your earrevengefor bat Mast myqwepem, he's getanV dummy."you were tortured with a fiend that never leftButwhatabotitCHbrinquiredseveralofthe clenchingMsteeth,andattoesametimegivfajanmnnnw' AW^ ^ 'His face seemed transformed from the counte- nance of a human being to something unreal and what should bring him here alone, I neither know awful. There was so much agony, grief, despairj^^^nw^' aaais^B"i"Do you ever see Mar?" inquiredtoeToatut, noticing, and even exulting, to Ma comaamoi'i agitation.wrsaa'^Bnabut he was so bhtatod <M' lSnMuvhisah nayonedragged me with him.The company now pressed the Tomtit for moreami theprofitsgramMr. Beg's face tamed deathly pale. tfim, "What?* he whispered, "the detective?"chapter. "Yunce woa ther time ther Tomtit wouldearnest contemplation. Next to himself Dick |loved money, and when a probability was present*?! *"Ha fa a wonderful vflfafa," replied Defy, ed of obtaining It, he seldom stopped to consider I elnrjrji ,'•"It's SofiVl"Them was a general grant of approval from wis burglars at this expression of Mr. Hatton's views, who rendered them mom emphatic by bringing has brawny flat an- aba tobfa with tremendous vio- lence. .BW***«TS aWM-P&$«1 lki.fi m -m-m BM !"the rein* a violent jerk.PtJjJ^ag "The same rejoined the Tomtit, with an expres- sion plainly denoting hia agitation, "Who or"See him." repeated the other, "aee Mm:" fasome fancied wrong, or"—he aid not finish, for the old man suddenly raised himself up, and looked the speaker fall in the eyes.tooriskincurred or the policy of the undertaking.The plot he had batoned occupied Ms mind, sndbanished ail thoughts of sleep. As he sat, gaatagon the flickering embers, a new idea gradually un-folded in hia brain; it expanded, and grew momdefinite, till his ugly features lit up with a grin of paused, and then, fa a calmer tone continued, "Itriumph. Hetamedround,andlookedathiscom- pantens. Some still moved, and h e continued"Couldn't we perwail on him?" inquired Mole- • nam, henearly norcanguess—Beg,keepthisfromtheboys,they and rage resting on every lineament, thatthe cat,mixingawhiskeytomly,asmsumaWinglfat| aresavageenoughnow,batiftheyshouldfindout >reacherInvoluntarily shrankbackanduttereda abreath. •*.-•.•• ••••*•>•-•<.«••••>*-•—whave seen Mm; yes, many timea." His lip eetver- edslightly. "1havemanMmhefaawretch,a scoundrel, a villain of toe rUipest dye. a "the truth, I couldn't control 'em . They would lin/ormauon, from which it appeased that tear this man to nieces, bat, Beg, that mustn't be;}owcry. "Perwail on the TomtttT**"Stop, my poor felow, I have frightened you," temptuously. Oh, yes, yer kinquietly to puff at his segar till a half hour badelapsed* ^nd he felt sure that all wereasleep. Then slowly rising, be glided softly out ofthe room; he paused oantioaaly in the passage andlistened-nothing could be heard but the tickingofthe clock and hia own half suppressed breath- buttouM we baton to the vofae of mason mas preaching'"Is this the one who baa bean trying so long to continued the detective, with a hurried glancer and unprtteden " tTomfrthead our Nest?" inquired Beg. around the room aa he spoke—"I am not what I"The very same?"replied Tomtit. "Yoa know seem. Y oa have deemed my mannerewild and spoke another; "when hisAttoe further end of the entry was a smaB clo- set; he groped Ms way easily toere, and after atenth, how often would werepeatof hasty iatr meat—how often would we recall these baa? views of character.""But If we know toem to b« true," the enaaaffaar*** i - i n w t "ta^"If we know them to be so." rejoined the eonv terfeK, "that i s dflferetrt, though charity w e * make u s mom lenient. Tkfa man, you saj, »^Ao^tontatoas character*widely keen* Q," exclaimed he. with sudden energy, "»°*1The above fa al! of tkfajifaft|at».«« *»the State government has offered a reward of overstrange. I feel that I have unintentionally alarmed you; but your observations brought back"hat ought not to be read or traced c andyetIftmrfkeyaretoopalpable."nsBn\Ww»a^na* v a u a a ^waft'am;ia>p^aaias*a*w^" Others might not notice it a* I have,?? obsemjadrthe preacher."True, others might not, bat you,read the face well."I am right," said the preach0-„" repeated the other, "w"Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069before, he had iafUntitled Document' uareea mthat's vot yer we'll pereeedhave you been pursuinghad spoken HBr aloudpracticed ear cauglk T t i t e ^ u n ^ o f D k ^ nraatmng. Afraidom spoke, but when with attention, it"leaf, how's the <B—^« —*»" peatedMr.Saag.t"Wck'i forM rejoined Mr..Hatto:aise an^ c/nui anmianp n^ft^e BB^BrBBjnuinpB^B^^p^*! tobusinese »>"Good," said several voices. "Beg shan't know it."' *"~s •''Vett, vot'a h e doing here?" interrupted Dick. "Vot'a ther tether fellow doing bam too? Vy,troublesometogetrld'uv,andven vfth'em,tentovantheydon't"now/r Theygotthe counterfeit, with a"Yea," I•team litherneeded to finding a dark lantern._ _ , vfof^tonta» I 10"M -containedatreasure. ButforTomtit'scontrolliag first startedfrom,Mr."what mad dmttoydn^etod yoa 1 ly. "Sow, van am already catenateilia the—to this, the rendezvous ofan extensive asaoci ofburglars. For along period Philadelphia hfa beenthetheatreofaseriesofdaring,boMexpfaWttsbed in oar colnmns. The cent ^ ^ it faavas offhere can be-of it £5o«i7««i:. ^the State government.vans v.4^anh djlam wauemfl' JtAsnmatwtona^hatBn vflHaT^a^aaw toKvfeat a\ VfnAm* www.fultonhistory.com 