 NEW YORK HERALD. respecting the issue f said stock was returned to the Board of Councilmen. The Mayer sent in ation.and Cameron and CJhaae, with the others would join in the prayer, let it rest la peaoelchanan evidently thought that there was more fuss about the affair than it deserved, for he hopes, in one despatch, that he has done withmessage suggesting that proper arrangements he made for the reception of the Japanese embassy. Thesubjectwasreferred to a specialcommittee. It appears pretty certain that the distinguished visitors willfirstland at this port, as, owing to the shallownessofthePotomac,itwttlbeimpossible for the Roanoke, on board of which the embassy will embark at Aspinwall, to as end that river tolong story upon that remarkably fresh and en- i»^STi^VrtTa-ta-n.MAto<»<***«i«fty<.«*« TheBoardofCouncilmenmetlastevening,but tertainingsubject,theKansasquestion. Thebat many unite la the supplication, let it rest in perdition iJ A M B S O O B D O I • « » « " ' XWrOR AND PBOPBIMOR,the subject forever. In Paris, Mr. Sanford, thewtvc%„.w. ooanaa or RASSAU ann FPLTOK STS,shall not lose sightef itforamomentThe Presidentsua*«aeCovode Cosnmlt- tee-Tfce Wsvlfcer Bomb.We gave in the HXRALD of yesterday a rery•f Spanish Affairs.A telegraphic despatch to a Paris paper ofthe3dofAprilannounces that GeneralOrtega, at the head of 3,000 men, has pro-nounced at Tortota, near Valencia, for the" _ 9 tr.aZ.m*m~» ••••• <A* Aw-cpaa* bktMm***ni neHmamv,late Mr. Mason, came o a t he Immediately put on a court suit, whereupon Mr. Sanford re- signed and took to letter writing on the sub-the judicious course of Mr. Buxhaaan will hare laid a foundation for our foreign policy f_ th! countries south of us, in spite of the oppoaitian^Tt r HERALD two cent*ptr eojn. f71** «n——». sx^iSSr««T»i*«*•»—*«°^.re* if.*****'*'?: either Annapolis or Washington.Pretender to the throne of Spain; and the Eng-lishjournalslookupontheaffairasthere- ject—ahealthyandagreeablementalexercise, offactiousCongresses,thatwttlattrrVoTZV o l iMBWCSMD tO BbUbAIXLBBM AID F-»-narrative, if not especially entertaining, has, like some of the old-fashioned novels, the ad- vantage of a good moral. It Is the evidence of Mr. Robert J. Walker before the imaiortal Covode Investigating Committee, a sort of roving inquisition, with a general charter to inquire into everybody's business generally, and to injure the President particularly, all tomake black republican capital for the owning campaign.opening of the old Carlist civil war and the pre- lude to stirring events in the Spanish Peninsula.Though we do not doubt the fact of the revo- lutionary movement that Is announced by the telegraph, it is possible that there is some error as to Its being a Carlist pronunciamlento. The Carlist element is pretty well worn out in Spain, and in the Province of Valencia, where General Ortega is sa/d to have pronounced, it has never existed to any great extent, the prin- cipal strength of that feeling having been in the Basque Provinces and Catalonia. It may be, therefore, that the movement of Ortega ishighest advantage for the interests of oar ana trade and that of the world.The itnlinm and - » - . - «>-—__. __»• %mmannexation Votea.Wesee,witti aatin^ttoa, thatEngiand haslostno time in giving bar eanrtfcoTteXnaw affected by General Washington, as was re- order of things established by the nosnxU*vZtStStUAX^ RPTfCS-Stof momymmmtamtgcmOmt*. Widow*that oar Ministers in Europenow wearcourtIJ'Hrw-SSsr'sanuKsss spective markets wt eie the violations were perpe- HTM* •» !»• —»»-»»-l »»»".»—»• •suits, generally—doing in Rome as the Ro-mans do. No one has yet assumed the dress_*'* -J-—^JSf«ITinfit» IVmdBI.trated. Mr. Iinckney presented a resolution di- •••11° recting the Street Commissioner «o enforce the or- dinance requiring the Harlem Railroad Company to run their small cars to Forty-second street, whichOsVontia owd S««ro|>«m Rd_tav.there wss no bus ness of importance transacted. The City Inspector replie 1 to a resolution of in- quiry relative to the public markets, by stating that there was no acting Superintendent of Mar- kets, and that complaints for violations of ordi- nances ought to be made to the clerks of the re-which did no harm to anybody except Mr. Marcy, who must have been a good deal bored with the matter from first to lastThe upshot of thewhole matter has beenxxvAMU8BDtMT8 THIS BVRKIHO.Mr. Robert J. Walker is one of the unfortu- nauya GA.RJ>RK, Bw-twv—sro^avnuA* PIMOM hold positions under the federal or municipal go" appointed Governors of Kansas. They all died,worn by Doctor Franklin at Versailles, or thatO n -Ji__B*O*«B fcaaas.aoWSBT THEATER Boww-.-ltu* AJmiorT ^ATIIB-WIRTRR QAJLDRK. Rroadway. opposite Bond atreet.- ! , " • " • OraaA-AJjsaABMto St-u-WM-t.was adopted. The City Inspector was directed tofurnish the Board with the names and specific du-ties of all his employes, and whether any of them nate politicians who were killed off by beingcommended to Mr. Buchanan by some joker in London. But, notwithstanding the fact that our Ambassadors are habited in the garb of despotism, the Eagle still screams as vigorous-of the Central Italian States. InttWBfcWrf Commons, on the 2d Inst, Lord John BameS. in reply to an interpellation, stated that tee government had advised her Majesty to recot nine the annexation of Bologna, Tuscany Mo- dena and Parma to the kingdom of Saritoi This settles the question, so far as foreign di- plomatic interference is concerned, inpressnes of such a recognition on the part of England, it is no longer hi the power of a Congrtsa u_CADRnT. OF DIU8IO T o n * * * - * -lulus H— BoanA. _ _ _ _ _ _ton, thoqsanda of delegates to the Democratic Con- apprised of General Ortega's plans, refused to the country. The President is ready to standvention are already on the ground, and thousands second them, and the General took to flight, pur- or fall on the question of submitting the con-are arriving by every train. The .President has sued by his own soldiers. Complete tranquillity stitution to the bonaytde residents of the Terri-written a letter to the ehairman of the National had been restored. Some slight disturbances had tory. Again, he says:—"I would advise you to Committee dexlflping a re-nomination. The most occurred between the troops and citizens at Paler-is exceedingly desirous of sending an army to to abrogate this ineffective treaty by the actionthus far succeeded in keeping her out of the ing the point of honor between the two go- gard to the future position which they are tethat an arrangement has been concluded by which ported. A decline in Illinois Central shares, how- whole tenor of the letter is that of a patriot, aItalian complications by ministering to O'Don- nell's African aspirations.These are now satisfied, and some new bau- ble must be found to keep the Spanish Court out of mischief in Europe. Perhaps Mexico may suffice for this purpose; and it wouldthe Mo-art Ball delegates from New York are to be excluded from the Convention.The revelations of Hon. Rooert J. Walker beforeever, is reported.The steamship De Soto arrived here yesterdayafter afinerun from Havana, bringing dates to thestatesman and a Christian. There is not a tittle of evidence to show that Mr. Buchanan ever varied from this position, and it must be re-vernments, it was suggested that England hold. For his accommodating spirit in respectthe Corode investigating committee has led to an 15th, one day later than those by the Quaker City membered that the letter to Walker was after aflair of honor between Mr. Walker and Attorney The news contains nothing of any interest beyondthe fact of the sailing of a couple of New York the manner of a confidential communication, General Black. Mr. Walker Bent a peremptory vessels, supposed to be slavers bound for the not a State paper written for show. We put it challenge, by the hands of Senator Brown, to Judge coast of Africa. The Captain-General had com to the good sense of the country, and ask if theshould arrange all the matters in question by separate negotiations with the several Central American republics; and it has been stated that such an understanding existed between her cabinet and our own. The upshot of the mat-to them, he will, however, exactcondition. which will, probably, not prove very palatable to the Continental governments. Either it principle or in fact he will make such furtht invasions of the treaties of 1815 as will lean them of very little account for the future re- gulation of European affairs.After the manner in which the diplomat; arrangements ratified between the Europeai governments during the last half century h»«Black, yesterday afternoon, but the latter coolly menced a tour through the northern portion of Covode Committee has not so far placed Mr. declined the invitation without explanations. Thus the Island. On receipt of the European news, the Buchanan in a much better position than hebe difficult to imagine any other rea- ter is, that action on our part on the Clayton-son for the support of the course of Gabriac Bulwer mistake, was delayed, and Mr. Wyke,in Mexico and of Almonte in Spain by Louis the British Minister in Central America, has inNapoleon than a wish to flatter Spanish pride a short period of time negotiated three treaties,and keep her from meddling in European two of which settle points on which we were atthematterrestsatpresent. Ittobelievedthatse-veral other anairs of honor are likely to grow outof these revelations before the Covode committee By the British brig Africa we have received files method could have been adopted to answer theDecidedly the most impudent item in the whole private terms. Corn waa Arm with moderate sales. budget is a proviso for $18,000, which now for the Pork was firmer and more active, with sales of new messthird year makes its regular appearance in the levy, at $11 87tf a $18, and of new prime at $14 S T * a $14 60 Sugars were again Armor and active, and closed at anwas to be spent to assist in the election of Mr. Seward. As to this latter circumstance, there can be no doubt The agreement is a formal one between the speculators and the leaders ofNEW YORK HERALD, FRIPAT,APRIL 20, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.year at all events, and feels disposed to compromised the matter by wearing a dressCentral Park stock, and the resolution They will com. regutarly b«fore & • « * " • - hold a jubilant orgie over its remains. Few sword with plain evening clothes. Mr Bu-policy that the tb*<Krattcal rale of tesCh«„_ « j t be supported,at all hazards, W p ^ •neb dtoastrous results, and U so «n*__u_ the liberal views that today ani_n_/_7^_T -ete of England and France, $_•_»__! dently expect to see it abandoaed a n _ _ coming of Mr. Wyke as British t_nZLT Mexico. If these resulto should be obtefaet k!sugar market experienced some depression. has heretofore enjoyed? No more effectivela Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a mo- of Jamaica papers to the 29th ult The only item lies which the black republican presses havetion to print two thousand extra copies of the re- of interest to the squabble between the Governorand the Assembly. One of the last acts of the or- industriously circulated about the administra-port of the Printing Investigating Committee. The dinary session, which terminated a few weeks ago, tion than this same investigation. As the facts bill supplementary to the act for taking the census was to pass a vote that the Governor had commit- come out they all tell for instead of against theaffairs by giving her occupation elsewhere. issue with England. His first treaty was with been broken through by the will of a singlewho hare been mentioned informally, such asBanks, Bates, Feaaenden, Wilaon and LL-Oobx,will make a strong fight against Sewaxd. Thecontestwill beaverytotowstingone,andwe A Hew Beralntloat in Spain-Tendency acting Charge,went in very strongly forthevernment The Board ooncurred with the Alder- like those whom the gods love, at a tender age. the result of the intrigue* and conspiracies that ly as ever, the Star Spangled Banner is inmen in thanking those members of the Legislature who stood up for the rights of the city during its late session. Mr. Lent said that some of the mem-We dubitate very much as to whether the pub- lic, distinct from the politicians, can recall the names of these sanctified martyrs. Perhaps ithave been going on for months past in Spain tooverthrow the O'Donnell Ministry. Revolutionis the normal mode in Spain, as well as in Spa-nish America, of effecting a change in the per-sonnel of the administration, just as are a vote after having suffered such a terrible draw-WALLACES THRATRR. aro-4w»y-Ot» H U M Aire bers of that body had gone to their farms, others to would not be recollected that even Mr. Walker, T o n t B i u a - I U u u u BUM of Box»Afl» Uox. their merchandise, and another portion probably who is a distinguished man in his way, haddisturb the arrangements effected by the will LA0EAVOKV9THBATM,tM_roa4wer.--0ou*i» topaythemortgagesontheirfarms.AnumberofbeenGovernorof,orgovernedbyKansas,hadofawantofconfidenceintheBritishParlia-backtoitsprogressasthefailureofoftheItalianpeople.FrancewillnodoubtJaw*. . general orders pertaining to routine matters were STEW BOWRRT THSATRn, Bowery.—Roam HOOB— adopted.BMITU »«T-f»A«»ui. TaA-anr a turn Riaaw ATUOI. We are informed that no less than six vesselsMRSBnOOOHAiraTHR-T-n,444Broadway—Tan haveleftthisportfortheAfricancoastwithintheHewasGovernor.Mr.Buchanan,withtearssameresultinthem.Itiswellknownthatquestionfinallywillbebyaspecialactcontributed;sothatwereevenAustriadisposedIon or IBBPietAii*. past fortnight, all of which expect to have negroes in his eyes, implored him to go ; Walker only strenuous efforts have been making to oust the of Congress, founded upon the report of a to depsrt from that "attitude of reserve" waicaBAamJK'8 AHBRICAR RTjaaCll, BroAdwmr-IKy u»d for their return cargoes. Among these was a fine could Bave the country. Walker was a O'Donnell Ministry ever since the chief of it select investigating committee of metropolitanmt >__tio*,—-"Hocu«rL--i- or B' auxm'"r*ra*-Ja'•A»B•'Urit*0A«-jijsr—s-LLivmu*iua clipi er ship »nd a fast sailing brig. patriot, and, on first thoughts, would go. got up the war in Morocco and took the com- tailors. .mss,So.CvBioAitns,BBY AJire MTBSTRKIA MacftABlal' BWLfTII Bromd- war-BCEU-MOW,8o*ea,DAMOB*,4O-TKBarBABttsa.BIBUyS SALOON, Bro»dw»y.-OBO. CHBIBTY'S MM- a Boaes, UAJIOBS, Bo-iBMBis, ««.—WBrrosigned by Robert Bonner, of the ledger, but the after he got there was not considered of much ooopaa n«OTrrcTa.- R^T»« O ^ I ^ O « « G ^ jury failed to agree upon a verdict Counsel for consequence at the time. The people of KansasBut whatever may be the result of the Or- RATIOBAL OOBOaRT SAILOR. HB»»0B- T b e - « . - $1,000 fiom the Overland Mail Company, moved to themselves. The Covode Committee, however, tega movement, or of the intrigues againstshe* gradually prescribes to herself, she would be met by the same physical obstacles tail have restrained her action thus far. This quietBLBECRER BUILniHOa-BiTBWOBTH'i * " • " * « " IW IO-OB, D-JiciJ, AC-PBTBB PirBB rBrrBB POOBB.w th forging a check purporting to have beenI( W_DAMBB. BOBlBBUOBt, * 0 .TBIPLE SHEET. •«wTwk,Friday,aprti90,1860.•AILS FOR THE riClFIC,have him tried or else discharged, he baviuK been ia prison eighty days. His bail was fixed at the turn of $13,000, and his counsel gave notice that unless he were tried on Friday he would move to (jnash the indictmentHeart of Midlothian," which has been most fa- vorably received. Mr. Bourcicault, working in the same mine, had previously produced the drama ofexpected to prove by Walker that the President had sent him two sets of instructions—one through Calhoun, ordering him to assist in forc-O'Donnell, the effect of the Morocco war upon the Spanish nation is one that will yet produce some effect on the foreign policy of that coun- try which will not make her one of the most amiable of neighbors. The martial spirit and pride of Spain, which had been looked upon as pretty nearly burnt out with her long and fruitless struggle with her colo- nies, and her own civil wars, have received a new impulse, and from her victories over the half armed Moors she will now aspire to the position of a great military nation. This aspiration is peculiarly consonant with the proud character of the people and with theEngland to receive instructions for his new pean affairs. mission to Mexico.he not sworn to the circumstance before the ment, and a Presidential election in this coun- the Dudley Mann project must have entailed shortly follow with a similar formal acknow-terrible Covode Committee. But there it is. try, the normal mode of bringing about the upon it The only way to settle the clothesledgment of the fact to which she has secretlyIn the Court o General Sessions yesterday the But Walker was a husband as well as a patriot, mand of the troops there, in order to attain forciseofDavidBeach,aliaiI^ach,wascalledup andhe musthaveMrs.W.'sconsent She himselftherankofDukeandGrandeeofSpain; The New British Minister for Mexico— butsummarymodeofsettlingtheiseueiis.f>rtrial,butonmotionofhis counsel the inuV - yieldedtothepersuasionsofthePresident,and andnosoonerwerethese obtainedbythecap•the Central American Q,neations. The accounts from Central America, which we publish to-day, inform us that Mr. Wyke, the British Minister to the several Central American republics, has concluded his nego- tiations there, and that he is now on his way tovolved in the Italian imbroglio is of bad augury for the Neapolitan despot It tells his people in plain terms that they have bat to accomnUab a successful revolution to have their indepen- dence recognized and virtually guaranteed bj the two Powers which at present control Euro-ment waa removed for trial to the Oyer and Termi-ner. Leach waa tried two months ago, charged with his inaugural in his pocket What he did ment on terms unsatisfactory to the court andthe people.f . | - i - i - a o r ( B B 0 0 - B T o r UmA*»—AUSTBOOU w w » " - ^ linger B. Hawkins, indicted for emb v.ziing went to work and arranged their affairs forthe Honorable Robert J. started for Kansas, ture of Tetuan than he forced a peace arrange-The appeal made by Switzerland to the European governments which were parties to the treaty of Vienna will, it is now believed, result in a Congress. There is a principle ia- volved in the question raised by that republic which cannot well be disposed of otherwise. The readiness that the French Emperor hat himself expressed to place the neutralized pro- vinces of Savoy under such exceptional cir- cumstances in regard to French rule as w_ conserve the interests of Switzerland, showi that on this point no serious difficulty is to be apprehended. In fact, there are strong reason for believing that the absorption of those dis- tricts is threatened merely to bring about a for- mal diplomatic arrangement, not so much for thesake of such an arrangement itself, but for the mode in which it is to be effected. Louis Na- poleon has certain ulterior views which can only be subserved by the reassembling of another Congress, and this small Swiss dis- pute has been made the pretext for effectingprominent names for the Presidential nomination mo. Extraordinary powers had been voted to the make the great principle of the submission of arethoseofDonglasandHunter.ItIs,however,Swissfederalcouncil.FinancialandcommercialtheconstitutiontothebonafideresidentsofbringtheCourtofSpainintoconflictwiththetralAmerica. trictsofSavoy,andthathewillreadilyenter useless to speculate as to the result It is stated anairs remained pretty much as previously re- Kansas conspicuously prominent" And the Napoleonic policy, and Louis Napoleon has In order to settle the difficulty without rais- into the views of his brother sovereigns in re-York Herald—California Kdltioa. The mtil Bteamship North Star, (apt Jones, will leavetaa port tor Aspinwall, at noon, to-oay.Xbe mafia Car OaUtomLB aad other parts of the Pacific—01 close si hsJfpaBt test o'clock tha morning.The NBW T O M WBBXLT HKBALD—O-lifOrslB e i a t o n — ywM.i-i^g the laMM Intelligence from all parts of theWe learn that Miss Jean M. Davenport has com-menced an action of libel in the Superior Court offiis city, claiming $5,000 damages against Dion Bour- the actual residents of Kansas had every oppor cicault for charging her, in a recently published card, tunity for fair play in the foundation of their with piracy and imposture. Miss Davenport, whosetranslation and impersonation are so famous, hasre.-cutty dramatized Sir Walter Scott's novel, "Thetrorld, with a large qnanuiy of local and miscellaneous -Kfiie Deans," and this, as he seems to suppose, Buchanan's own letter. This document was de-Agana willta snappers, ready Car mailing, six cents, la (heir orders ss early as pos-Mr. Walker saying that he would rather go to jail than give it up. The next day he thought bet-touch, is now disposed to be a saint, and is en- tirely under the influence of her confessor, ther, w U be published at half past Bine o'clock In the gives him a monopoly in the subjectThe News.According to our special despatch from Charles-was an abortion. The troops, when they became Mr. Buchanan in the best possible light withtriguing priest. At his solicitation the Queening slavery onmeans of a letter, written entirely by Mr. Bu- chanan, directing the new Governor to see thatKansas, and theother bygovernment Mr. Walker swears that Calhoun did tell him that the President inclined towards the pro-Blavery party, but that he (Walker) would not believe Calhoun in any matter where his interest was concerned. Then we have Mr.manded by the "committee three days ago, and personal wishes of the Court The Queen, who, everybody supposed it was something terrible, in her personal conduct, proves that extremesBy the arrival of the North American at Port-land last evening we have news from Europe tothe 5th inst, one day later than the accounts re-ceived by t::e Arago. The Carlist revolt in Spain ter of it, and produced the letter, which places Archbishop Claret, an unprincipled and in-ticular good feeling towards ourselves, and it will certainly go a long way to prevent a set- tlement of the Cuban problem, and perhaps of our claims upon her. It may be that in want of some better quarrel to pick, she may be urged into picking one with us on the tender point of naval supremacy in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Spain has largely increased her navy of late years, and the only region where this costly bauble can be exhibited in active service is around Cuba and near our shores. Spanish pride and Spanish vanity are equal to any enterprise, however Quixotic may be its nature, and recent events have brought these national qualities strongly into play.the House to adjourn over to allow members an crop of last year than usual. Some persons have sug- louder than any one else. The Forney clique ral of the European courts. The correspon- verse of Mr. Chatfleld's policy. If in Mexico opportunity to attend the Presidential Conven- gested whether some of the worst of it might not was notoriously corrupt in the time of poor dence was called forth by a resolution of the he plays the same part to that established bytions, no buaaneaa of importance will be transacted be n.ginned or recleaned in New Orleans before shipment, Pierce; and as for the republicans, the ar- Senate, and is now given in full for the first Mr. Otway, and which has created such intensebyCongresstillafterthemeetingeftheRepubli-thevalueofcleancottonoffairstaplebeingsohighastochivesofalmosteveryLegislatureintileNorthtime.Thequestionwasfirststartedin1853,dissatisfactioneverywhereexceptinSpainand can Convention at Chicago. cover the expense. Common grades of State and West-was passed. The bill relative to allowing justcompensation for private property taken forpublic purposes was discussed. The Homesteadbill was taken up, and the amendment legalizingthe occupancy of mineral lands in California andOregon by miners was rejected. Several amend-ments were offered, and it was finally agreed totake a vote on the bill on Wednesday week. Afterted a breach of its privileges; and thefirstact of the special session, which commenced on the 27th ult, was to vote that his Excellency had again in- vaded its privileges.Advices from St Thomas to the 29th ult repre- sent the health of the island as good.We have news from Buenos Ayres to FebruaryPresident.But the fact of the whole matter is thatthe Forney democrats and Seward republicans never imagined for a moment that the Presi- dent was, in the smallest way, corrupt They believed, however, that they might damage him by inuendoes such as are contained inceded by the republic. Here we had men which has hitherto attached to then. no question. The next treaty was with England gave thefirstgreat blow to their im-an executive session the Senate adjournedtillMon- 25. Trade was dull. The only items of news areportance, by the recognition of the principle that a defacto government was entitled to the same measure of respect as a dejure one; or, in other words, that a successful revolution de- cided the right of a people to the choice of their own institutions. Louis Napoleon himself, theday. The House went into Committee of the election of Derqui as President of the Confede- Wendell's testimony, or insinuations to be the Whole, and resumed the consideration of the ration, the ratification of his part of the contract of thrown out by persons like Walker, who have Military Academy bill. An amendment, reducing San Jose by President Lopez, of Paraguay, and the private griefs to be atoned for. But Wendell's the term of study at West Point to four years, was conclusion of the Tacuari difficulty by the sailing testimony contradicts his previous evidence, adopted. The Senate's amendment providing for of that vessel with permission of the British Ad- and Walker's is all good for Mr. Buchanan. a regiment of mounted volunteers, was rejected miral. General Urquiza was to have resigned his And now, when the Committee has utterlyreiguty in other countries. England ax: reignty of Nicaragua over that territory con France, united in the propsgandiam of a theorypower into the hands of Derqui on the 5th ultThe cotton market yesterday was without change in failed in its efforts to damage Mr. Buchanan,summated. which renders compacts between rulers asi These movements indicate a change on the governments dependent upon the will of theirby a rote of 50 against 69. The committee thenrose, and the House agreed to the amendment bya vote of 74 to 72. A motion was.made to recon-sider, and the subject was then dropped Theresolution providing for an adjournment of the Bousefromto-daytillthe30thinst,waslaidontheordinaryandinferiorgradeswereplenty,andpriceslikethethiefwho,hearingthehueandcry,attheheadoftheStateDepartment,andtheceiveinstructionsforhisMexicanmission.Inrightsandprogressofpopulationswillbethrown aside altogether, and the broad under- standing will be adopted that nations are DO: to be fettered by the unintelligent theories tri foolish compacts of past generationa Tub i* the only principle on which the relationi ol the world can henceforth be carried on. It * certainly the only one which guarantees pop" lar liberty and the progress of civilized idea*. But meanwhile the old dynasties will endeavor to organize a secret combination against Napo- leon, in order to preserve the old rtgv** •»* crush out the new ideas and the popular willA PROPHECY SFEEMLT VERIFIED.—In theyear 1862 the Common Council of New York passed a Railroad bill similar to bat not in any re-spect more flagitious than those which hare just passed the Legislature overtbe Governori | veto. The indignation of th* whole comma- |appealed to, and, aided by the force of pubW sentiment the scheme was frustrated ana u. concoctors of the job were made to feel a ss-j of shame and mortification which it was hope« wouldhaveactedasasalutarylessonfor•,M time to come. Following in the wake or attempt Mr. Taber, a leading ^ ^ troduced, in 1853, a bill in the Sena*. J * s f away from the Corporation of the city _• York all right and power in regaraprices, while the sales embraced about 000 bales, on the the question recurs as to the sublime impu- btais o!'U?„'c. for middling uplands. Good to fair cot dence of the Forney-Seward clique in setting ton! were comparatively scarce and Irmly held, while such an investigation on foot at all. They areTax QrESTioN OF OFFICIAL CLOTHI8.—We print to-day some very curious and entertain- ing correspondence between Mr. Marcy, whenpart of England in her Central American policy, which, if carried out in good faith, will be productive of benefit to the interests of all. Mr. Wyke is now on his way to England to re-people, of what avail become treaties hatisf for object the perpetuation of territorial boar daries, and of a certain order of political ideal' Very soen these paper agreements to limit nVtable—88 to 53. Notwithstanding the refusal of Irregular. The proportion of trashy and inferior quali- joins with the mob, and cries "stop him!" diplomatic appointees of poor Pierce at seve- Central America be has exhibited the re- ties promise to be more largely supplied by the largeern tlour were heavy and easier, while medium and high- are stuffed with evidences of their political pira- The Tax Levy, after much manipulation and delay, er qualities were sustained, with a fair demand from the cy. Look at Maine, Ohio and Wisconsin. Lookwas returned to the Common Council last evening, t-ade. Southernflburwas active and higher, with pur at the late Legislature of this State, whichin the famous Dudley Mann circular. Mr. Mann (and the Cabinet generally, we pre- sume,) became suddenly affected with an idea that the question of clothes had an important bearing upon our national reputation abroad, and that the American Eagle would soar a great deal higher, and the Star Spangled Ban- ner would wave much more proudly if our ministers ignored all such vanities as cocked hats, dress swords, short breeches, sill* stock- ings, embroidery, gold lace, and so on. SoCongress, we have only to recall the remem- the representatives of the republic were re- brance of the gang of political pirates organ- quested to appear at foreign courts "in theized by Matteson, on the plan of refusing to simple dress of an American citizen." Thereventh regiment is allowed $5,000 for the famous THE MAN FOR CHICAGO.—The republicans are parties. We know, too, that Mr. Buchanan is In California it is a red shirt, a sombrero, and the commerce and industry of the world. Washington trip. For the improvement of Mount in almost as distressed a state of mind about a pure. He has expressed his disgust at the seedy trowsers tucked into cowhide boots.in itsfinaland legal form. It comprise* only the chases made for export. Wheat was flnnly held tor goodCity and county taxes, amounting to $6,768,126 90, sorts of an kinds, while sales were moderate; 20,000which, with the State and Common School taxes busnels of Western elub were shipped to Europe fromadded, will make about nine millions for this year. first hands, and some sales or good spring were made on of the money of which the people were robbedwith the Pope, it is very probable that Mexico may soon emerge from that scene of anarchy and strife which now desolates her, and take the position which the policy of both the Uni- ted States and England desires she shall occupy. We do not want to annex Mexico. There are a thousand reasons why such an operation would be undesirable to us. But we desire to see her under a stable and enlightened government; one consonant with the spirit of the age and the growing tendency of the Mexican people towards liberalism in matters of State and Church; one which shall insure her peace at home and her respect for the obligations offor the law expenses of the Police Commission, advance of about l-8e per pound, making the whole riseand which was slipped in during thefinalreadings on the week's sales about l-4c. per pound. The transac the party. As for the doings of the party inof the act The members of the Common Council tions footed up about 8,000 hhds., closing within the range have a salary of $1,200 a year, which amounts of prices given ia another column. Csffee was firm, sales to $49,200, with which they have inclu- 750 bags Rio being made at 1 3 ^ c , with a small lot of ded also a margin for expenses as members, ditto at 14c Freights were steady, with fair engage-vote for any bill unless they were paid for i t was a good deal of difficulty about deciding asMorrissquare$20,000tosetapart,andtlflQQforacandidateforChicagoasthe,democratsare preliminary survey 0f obstructions in Harlem ri- about Charleston. The battle between theW*.ForanewcountyCourtHouse$100,000toap-friendsofMr.Sewardand"availability"poli- , f < rmanner in which tome elections are conducted, in a public letter. His written views are thoroughly sustained by his acts, and even theIn Georgia the Crackers used to wear If Mr. Wyke goes to Mexico animated by a shirt collar and a pair of spurs only, such intentions, and guided by such instruc- which was quite simple enough. In tionsashiscourseinCentralAmericaleadusa e n t s , without change of moment in rates.nity was aroused at such s shameless traffickingpassed the most outrageous plunder schemes with the express understanding that a portionmaking, with this salary, $64830. The sum of$30,000toinsertedforsteamfireengines.TheSe- WeknowthatthereiscorruptioninbothtothesimpledressofanAmericancitizen.shallopenherimmensenaturalresourcesto.withthefranchisesofthecity;thecourtswereS ! t i ' ! i ! ? • ° « - * * » « of Record to ticians rages asfiercelyas ever, and a despe- efforts of his enemies to injure him redound to Washington, some of the representatives wear, to expect we have no doubt that we shall seec U n w rate effort will be made to kill off the Sage of0 < m U i MU ! l S _ _ f ^ C o B a a < « Coonea to contract out Auburn. He has already received the endorse-l ment of conventions in two States—Wisconsin rates forfiveyears, the Mayer and CfcrnntroJi-,. _«. and New York—and probably others will fol-proving the securities. Ta»BsVs«Tlao«iAgl-_2r low suit Pennsylvania insists upon Simon Ca- the county are for the first time enabled totosue meron, and Pennsylvania is a very importanthis credit And that with the single exception in the morning, a black dress coat, black trowof the disclosures as to Forney and that seven aers, black satin waistcoat and a shirt with aa united action there between the representa- tives of the two countries that wttl soon put aen?mwr^_aV_-!7»«>»blingrevenue bonds in anticipation of thetexaa,as the State in a repub1ican convention. If the iron chance of its being delivered of anything—notdisastrous to the foreign and domestic interests A gentleman (Mr. McMurray), ^ " P ' r V ,The diplomats, however, pat on evening in that republic. His own countrymen have New York in the Senate, o i p o * * * ^ 1 dresses, looking like apper servants.and present- not escaped the universal disaster; and when bill as establishing a dangerone P ^ ' . ed themselves at various polite courts, where no their representations to the Imperial govern- invasions of the chartered rights of ta* w^ objection was made, bat where there mast have ment against him have been sent to and used on the occasion these prop £words:—"Human nature is the sameresentativea of Jonathan. The only positive has been the libel that his accusers world over-the tendency of uncheckedJ> ^city has heretofore done. • • * will not have Seward, his nomination would At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen l_*evening, a communication was received from the JJJJJ <• be out of the question. Ohio pre> City Inspector, stating that the expenses of his de- Qounces for Chase, and sticks to it. This atti- partment for the quarter ending Slat vet,amounted to $93,753. Aldemea Starr, Cor- nell, Piatt, Boole, Genet, Brady and Farleyeven the smallest possible mouse.forsimplicity dodge, and there was no objection at theTuileries;batwhenthenewMinister,the MexicoastheyhavebeeninCentralAa^splendid condition, and is respected all over the world, especially at Vera Cruz, where It is now unfurled, and the country generally is getting on as well as could be expectedThe Central American imbroglio took its rise years ago, in a policy on the part of England which impelled her to send Chatfield to theIsthmus republics, and Elliot to Texas during her independent existence, in order to initiate a policy and feeling in the countries south of us, adverse to the increasing power of the American Union. This led for a time to the "coquetting" of Sam Houston with England against us, which was put an end to by the an- nexation of Texas, and to a long contention, diplomatic and political, in London and in the Central American States, which the Clayton- Bulwer treaty was designed to bring to a close. This result was not immediately produced, for the remnants of the old feeling of antagonism still stuck to England, and she claimed an interpre- tation of the new compact which we could not by any means admit When it was proposedhelp the Pope in his present straits, and thenher family affections lead her to wish to sup- if the Clayton-Bulwer arrangement were setport her cousin, the King of Naples, in his fa. aside there would be no Impediment of any his object It will be found when it meets that natic and tyrannical course. These leanings kind to England's doing what she chose inCen- he cares but little about these neutralized dis-ty thousand dollars (where are those vouchers ?) tobacco stained front In New Mexico there stop to the mistaken policy now pursued byis the total grand result of Mr. Covodp's inves- are American citizens who affect the simple Mons. Gabriac, the French Minister in Mexico.tigation. It is the old story of the Mountain costume of Adam, and we have, in fact, every Whatever may be the motives of Mons. Ga- granting away of railroad £ * * J ^ - .laboring, but we do not even see the slightest variety of dress that was ever heard of. briac S course, its results have been equally lodging them exclusively in the W*\&iRELIEF.—Notwithstanding that grievously oppressed by the action of theAthe public have been sorely taxed and been a good deal of sly fun poked at the rep- him for explanation, his constant replyGRATKFCXdelegatestotheNationalCameron_*SL^S\°*"*TMaM deceasedLegislature,thereremainsonesenti-objectionthatwaaurgedtothe-simpledreesofareasetofredrepublicans,whoistocorruptioD-givetothiss**"the#<of Congress, this was stopped by the plea thatThis reawakening of the military aspirations ofSpain is not likely to be productive of any par- ritory for the Belize settlement are con- to bave the value in the eyes of staterGuatemala, by which certain claims of ter- ruler, political treaties will henceforth ceaieHonduras, by which the Bay Islands are re-turned to that republic without the obnoxiousstipulations in a former treaty, for the sameobject which eliminated the sovereignty ofHonduras, while they were evidently pointedat the United States. The third and last treatyhas been negotiated with Nicaragua, by which offspring of this dogma, is giving it prac tic- the folly of a Musquito protectorate has been effect by aiding the principle of elective sove wiped out, and the recognition of the sove-international comity; and, finally, one which were dischargedThe Finance Committee from the further considera-__5_H^*-2E£ ment, at least, of an agreeable character in re-Untitled Documentlation to i t and that is a seuse of grateful reliefan American citizen" was made by old KingClicquot, of Prussia, who did not know what hebate him because he represents the Empire. But his plea that his policy is necessary to counteract the southward march of the UnitedAssembly the same power in regard ^ franchises which the Corporation of >' now claim,and inashorttimeyouwillattion of the propriety of .suing addi-unal SUrK__Stt_s-2 at its demise. Ev*ry one rejoices thuit isde^d was ubout In England, Mr. Buchanan was aand irrtne unit f«an At* nft iri(in» miarh www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069inf for thi* 