 •••\Its publishers have'wade it. Btrong, The''panic's" wave to eteni, .And in the end 'twill surely prove Quick silver unto them!"• profound reBearch." Everybody knows that severalcommentating members of Grace Church believe Meaning, that although each number contains as much:*81BQE JNEV1 THJB NBW-mm rngfrmn£4«gtattt&t«City ^9BBlHtW*Y49m«ama in *<rVar '*> mj ht»» »«mb<r »t \'•.- ? |•it.;, ; ^^^The^ungeon-^prto~hante jftsgg • B SAnd*is niasM<»ptowv to<^ '• .^mmW.'I„.-*.-.-.- Vf**.-/ \S**«* *•A SHAKESPEABEAN COMJoXNTARy.&/ ..**..--'f f § t BINGULAB D^LDPlMnENTS. ;Among the man^'dire afflictions that come upon the.•?.?•S '»NewYearinanentirelyhewdress.. •-'-,i.i•m••<LiTERATURE'.-nThecury, a fireside blessing and a. roadside boon. The non- pariel number for New Year's is now ready at all the news stands &nd-bookdtore.Speaking, evidently, of one of its beautiful stories, she;•' m"Mr.DJCi^E voa TJIK MINJD DIST-.A^KO."—The dailypapers fairly nicken the public with their gloomy pre-A DELIBERATE FORGERY !! •The genuine Q. K. PHIXANOKR DOESTICKS, P . B.,whot^e unrivaled humor has made him famous the. world over, is one of the special contributors ofromantic old Spain about the State, and the well-known-Dr. J. H; Robinson has happily made it the locale ofhis delightful new story, "Catholina; or, The Nichein the Wall"—now publishing in that, brilliant mirror biography, of Nero; for she scornfully exclaims to:.<N E W - Y E A R L I T E R A T C R E . — T h e brilliant, central planet of the literary solar system—the ever scintil- lating New-York Meieury-^-commenceu the New Year with an effulgence of intellectual light that forbids all thought of its being taken fdr the " mock-suns" of the same system. It shines in a new and artistic dress, the focus of all that is grand, graceful, instructive, amusing, fanciful, and witty in the literature of the day. Dr. Robinson's entrancing "Catholina; or, The Niche in the Wall;" the irresistible humorous diversions of that incorrigible wag, Doesticks; Darley'u artistic illustra-jk<ny.•THBRMOUJ&TBICAL ANOMAL*.W88 GTJBIJINOTON'S BALL, ,!>* *In iohii?h Fifth avenue wilt recognize friendsOLD PeterPerkins Gusbingtbn, rthterary world, in the shape of seedy gentlemen with life again by some fantastical^ trick. In Act IV. of*"f!0«r»CA THOXJV A, yonng and noble, Fair as fairest angels arc,Turning all our world to heaven, Thou thai heaven's brightest etar;CA TUOI.HU,Thou tho pure and radiant »rtar.Base the hands that,•save the poison T o thine- tro«u>pccting Lps,Heaiin.; thy young blood to fever, Qouding life in it* eclipse;.CATHOLIX*,,In an sadism black eclipse.Brae** tho hand and bold the spirit, Of thefriend who pierced the gloom.all the newB stands and bookstores.. . .ferj. •» •«jBf t.I I Is aWell nrxleTstood hy «B,amthe weather ©older grows The Merotrry must feD.B*t b«ye's a MXHCUK? defiesIfe'er n*B« in th«* thcrmonwter Of pnbb'c admiration. "...ft fe Tnx URW-YOKX MER<K7RY> The famons iireeido journal;And -while tis not a weak}? sheet, Yet ilia net diurnal.->A < & ) 8 E . O F \ A 0 K & r A T ^•> F U L I L . * E X P O S E .A CARD TO^THE PUBLIC.In times like these, when money, like New-Year/a Qallers,is slightly "tight," and business,like freshkeeping an estaoiisnment out of pecuniary difficulties;^ but while such, a quality as.Honestyis recognized in respectable circles^ it is nothing leas than. contemutible for any publisher to deliberately steal the name ol^the first Humorist of the age and attempt to palm off imitations of his writings upon the public, as its production^, ..Yet this has actually been done. The famous and unequaled DOESTICKS and his present publishers, who have secured his exclusive services at great expense, are the victims. His name, with two of its letters transposed we find affixed to the following (let us ad- mit that it is humorous) sketch.OEOSTICKS SEES SA^TTA CLAUS- I've seen him. " .. He looks exactly,like a big Dutchman, wilh a pres-sure of six quarts of lager to the square inch, and a funnel on his head to let the steam off. When I. was just beginning to bloom into pantaloons and bud into brass buttons, I got my first idea of Santa-Claus from Damphool, who was then about as high as a bitching- post, and expected a 4' big thing'' for his New-Year'e. The little Damphool, I remember, used to speak very low down in his stomach when he talked to me, and always took care to wink at little crinoliueB, and spit a great deal when I was by, by way of showing, I suppose, that he was a venerably-experienced man of the world, and only had me along to convey an idea of the numerical respectability of his family. Little Daim-. phool had a weakness for peanuts, and when I would pay for a pint in our daily walks, he would help me to eai them with such alooK of compassion that I often had to wipe away tears of humility wiih a borrowed hall' of his apple. I always paid for the apple- Some- times we would, make a princely meal on taffy candy. Damphool sr.id that taffy-candy was excellent for a cold, and he always had a dreadful cough at the sight of a confectionery. He bought the candy always, and «—I paid for it. Sometimes we would stroll as far as the Park on Saturdays, and then Damphool would ask me to take an oriental draught of ginger" beer. After drinking his share, I remember," he would auddenly see somethiug on the Museum that he never noticed before, and look at it so hard that he couldn't see me feeling in my pockets. Byway of doing mv share, I alwaye paid for the beer.But I was going to tell you how Damphool told me about Santa Claris. It was the day before New-Years^, in the. year eighteen.hundred and none of your busi- ness, and I'had just been taking some ciuger-nats with Damphool at my own expense (kin pocket-book wa» in his oih/,r trouscr's pockets), when ne suddenly asked me what Santa Claus was going to give. me. I said I never heard of him, and he *aid didn't I, and I said no, I didn't. Damphool frowned to keep hi« cap on, and was so overcome that he had. to have .some root beer.Ipaid'forit.becau.sehewassick,.Whenhe came to {trivee cents a fclasn), be informed me in strict confidence that Santa Cilaus.was a good jndge of. rein- deers, and brought presents down the chimney on New- Years' Eve for me and other boys. He Raid Sautykept a toy-shop in the moon, and supplied the youngangelswuhpegtopnandcelestialdrnmH. :I way gTcatlv in:pj es*wl with this revelation, for my jjisnth bad toG much good sense to delude me wir.h the silly holiday talk. I went home and made up mind to rit "up nil night, and told my mother I wanted to see Santa Clans; she wiid,. •'•Nonsense, child," and put me to bed. I cried, and father came to comfort me. He used a »oothiug strip of leather. I tried to go to sleep, but it was no go; I lay awake until everybody «bewa" asleep, and then got up and went to the fire- place to Wiitoh for Santa Claus. Remained there wide awake until I woke up with my head in the ash-pan, and one arm around the coal scuttle. Saw somebody coming, and said, " I s that you, Mr. Clans / " The next ttiing I remember, I was in bed, feeling as though I had been sitting down on a red-hot gridiron. That& *OEM OP THE'^&m'Ti^t mEEb' XtES( ^ !Thus, all the horrors of the deed,. • r ,,; - Jth;«rxnonxrtricfact,publishers whose publication"8--not being sustained by that sterling and wholesome literature which the MVM- CURY ever prospers byr-dieout of notice, after each m(r6 flash, and can only he galvanized into spft^modicT w o brodred thousand copies now Are jost it* circulation,And, weather-er-nO) it roes Htiil •Beyond all cenipntaxkm.It enters en the glad New Tear With dress and writers newerThan those it boasted lately, when Its years, by one, were fewer; And this the verdict of all nunda,K • Dame Arlington to be, ' And never pass a single "week,Without tho MERCURY.' ; "';-.' .•Cl»*rnp poUttovii axe common 'tatOT.i; •..: Therefore, conuucBtatoru aro «xni*)l potatoes !Wherever it is read;Jbs editorial staff of fifeIs certainly well bred!Thongh ever on the ri*e, tmlike . its thernMnnetric brother,This MSKCUKY , in one respect, Is not Tinlike tie-other. ;..'.//•ftThe Lath••"THE NICHE IN THE WALL."esprits, vigor, and enlivening beauty. Now ready at • ' W e are firmly—yea, infirmly—convinced that Shake-That bad settled round thy nature, Though-hc sent thee to'the tomb:C'A TMOUNA,T o the lorwrly, sotwdlss* tomb.Wa» there, not mow link of nature . 'Twixt thy fate and tha* of hiiaa,Walled within a stony collin,. While Che moon, was fading dim;• CA TUOUJT A,When the moon wa*> low and dim?Ob,, the dreamy ftocmadon, Of the tale thy life bath madenews stands and bookstores) appear quaint reports .ofall the side-splitting sayings and doings of Q. K. Phi-'wherein the passage is annotated by Shakespeare in Collier's handwriting; but such quibbling is beneathGrandly bright, but of the bnghtnesB JPaIb.:ig through a world of shade:CA TKOM?»A,Through a dark, mysterious shade.Would yoa read of CATIIOLX.VA ? Then you mnat not faQ to seeDr. BoBiysOM's great story. Published in the MKRCUKY;OA THOUNA,In the NKW-YORK Mxv.cu ax!P ART II.Wherein the Object of the Bull is fully developed. .This passage is so outrageously plain that any one can understand it fully,' though one commentator, we be- lieve, has proved by elaborate and exquisitely incom- prehensible-argument, that the word "center" should be used instead of "middle," to mako the sentence per- fectly intelligible.In the drama of Troilus and Cressida, Act II., Scene J.I., the great American Family Journal is even named by Helcnus with mythological distinctness. He exprecaed a desire to stick ." Th« very wingn of reason to hid heela,And fly like chidden M>:acuur from Jove."That is to say, 'the MERCURY has reached its present immense circulation • on "the wings, of reason," and " Helcnus," wishing to circulate largely, designs adoptr ing eimilar pinions. It is hardly necessary to add that the word "chidden"' meant admired or beloved, in the days of Shakespeare (see Staunton on Paul Morphy'sMercuryj a fireside blessing and a roadside l>oon. The Whether the great dramatist foresaw that the MER- j nonpariel number for New-Year's is now ready at alldelightful new etorr," Catbolma; <n>. The Niche in theWall"—now publishing in that brilliant mirror of ro-mance and reality, The New-York Mercury. In thesame unrivaled literary journal (now ready at all thenewstands and bookstores) appear quaint reports ofall the sieV-splittlng sayings and doings of <£. K.Philander Doeslicks, P . B . ; beside a wealth of boau-tifal original poems; domestic,' sentimental, critical,satirical, and fanciful short stories; witty and gossipysketches, etc., etc. i The-York Mercury commences the pronounce the aboveof an imitative publisher are spoken by Proteus:" But, good my lord, do it BOcunningly That rny dbcovery be not aimed at:For love of yon, uot hate unto my friend, IJath made rue publither of this pretence."newsstands und bookstores in America.LOUISIANA IK Oi-n TIMES.—In the olden time, and Skakospeare was an accomplished • editor, as it hasJulia hadbeen favoredwith a "specimencopy" of son.u nondescript- sheet to which a weak despot, like King Bomba of Naples, perhaps, had contributed ar"new year in an'entirely new dress. ,"dkrtkms, reportB of treason and robberie?, moao» about-the ;' erwirt " and so on, and the public mind can only yt>e preserved from morbid insanity by an entire change of far*:. Such a delightfully soothing and exhilirating weekly stimulant and companion sw The New-YorkMercury is a blessir^g to- every family in the land. Here it is in its elegantNew-Year dress, with Dr. J. H. Robinson's bewitching new story of " Catbolina; or the liiehe in the Wall;" a sketch to make a Saint Crinon laugh, by that great minister of Momus, Doesticka—the glorious pictures of Darley, and a sumptuous feast .of minor romance, poetry, wit, humor, gossip, instruction,T H Eand nevar wrote a line of the above. That the public may observe the difference between the spurious and the gonnine, we make a quotation from Mr. Doestick's irresistibly funny article in Tkc. Neic-York Weekly Mercury for January 5:DOESTICK^'S ,LAST CALL ON ' . . N E W . YEAR'S-Made our last call at Wilkeus'—four daughters and a mother. Strange effects.of lobster-salad ! nearly every young man who came in had some fault to find with•. . His lips could not be stayed.She met him with a modest blush; And when at later hour, .& i"/ .•',,".'"' PAJIT IVV.:Of CATHOLINA^ then she reads, That pure and gifted one,•'. Must have an invitation, sure, Beside a private line;• Likewise the Marquis Shavereufio, (A barber enlre nouxc,/'' : :.DanderDoesticks,P.B.;besideawealthofbcautifuV ournotice.InCymbeline,ActL,SceneVII.,itissoevident that the fair Imogenhw been reading the same and fanciful short -stories; witiy and gossipy aketches,, paper, that the stage direction should "be: (Enter Imo-lUoUiSiA.fA i-n Ovt) TisiKS;-—In the olden time, and\mg before Louisiana was parcha«<ed by the UnitedAste>berpieturcsque rivers, dim mysterious forests, stndtroukal vales were the scenes of sti-ange adventured,ehivaJbrons deeds, and the languishing luxury of tropi- drive hhn to GougVa lecture. "Went borne.' My "room. " CA THOLINA! '"—^Tbe very name suggests all that inromantic and tropical in the musical semi-tone of Acad-ian romance! The New Year's number of the peer-l€es New-York Mercury contains the opening cliapters challenge).and delightful oddities. Neither broken-down politi- somebody else's-lobster-salad; it seemed to have made •oans nor "panic" makers are allowed to w«ighdown them all very thick in the speech, and very thin in thelegs. Young Tiddleboy and friend came in. T. ad- The.New-Yoik Mercury with their sickly vapors and dressed Miss PfiHhla Wilkens Bomewhat after this.dreary platitude?. It is all esprits, vigor, and enliven- style: " Good New-YVs Pbilus Melisty; don't look atLabor Lostr-Afmado, speaking as though he bad just spondence, News, Gossip—all under the New-York been reading one of William Ross Wallace's, Joseph Mercury, a fireride blessing aud a roadside boon. Thenonpareil number for New-Year's is now ready &: all Barber's, or some other celebrated bard's poems in that the news stands and bookstores.old established sheet—he says enthusiastically:ing beauty. Now ready, at all the news stands and bookstores.NXW-YK.VU LITICKA TCKC—Tne brilliant central planet of the literary sohtr system—thr ever-scintil- iating New-York Mercury, commenees the New Year with ah effulgence of intellectual light that forbids all thought of its being taken for the " mock-suns " of the tttmc system. It shines in a new and artistic dress, the -focusofallthatisgrand,graceful,instructive,amusing, •fauQ<-5fol, and witty in the bterature of the day. Dr. XEobinson's entrancing " Catholina; Or, The Niche in the WaH;'* the irresistible humorous diversions of that incorrigible wag, Doesiickd; Darley's artistic illustra-tions/Poems, Sketches. Essays, Criticisms, Correspond- *cdce, News, Gossip—all under The New-York Mer- ««uy, a Creside blessing and a roadside boon. The non- pareil number for New-Ycax's is now ready at all the9ewB/*iandtf and bookstores.'• i. n i i**CA TBOUXA ! '.'—The vory name suggests all that isme—at my frieud; he's been drinking lobster-salad, bnthV aali sober—all sober—so're I ma'am. Many happy lobsters—no, returns I mean, of course, of this 'spicibus cayshuu. Thank you, mum. How's the old woman, yo'ur father ?—that is, your father, the old woman. Yes'm, very plea.-«ant weather out door«; would've brought you some if I'd knowd you'd like half a pint. Your very g'delth. mum."Tiddleboy, now under the impression that somebody hadgivenliimsomethingtodrink,pickedupMiss Philista'scard-basket and put it to his lips, and, having Olios up*et the cards all over the iloor, reproved his friend indignantly for spilling his ^ lobster-salad in peo- ple's eyes. His friend;, meanwhile, had been alter- nately wishing the piano-stool happy New-Year's, and trying to shake hands with the chandelier, and had at last seated himself on the center-tabl", and was ealling for a boot-jaek to put on bis slippers with. They wexe finally got out of the' way;' but not until Tiddleboy's friend, who had staggered against the sofa, had halfpulled off. bis coat, and offered to fight that belligerent article of furniture, if anybody'd make a ring on the piano..Then eame PegjiiiiH and his friend. Peggins imme-NEW-YEAR LITERATURE.—The brilliant central planet of the literary solar system—tho over scintillat- makes one of his characters in King Henry TV. ing New-York Mercury, commences the New-Year allude to the instructive, as well as entertaining, char- with an effulgence of intellectual.light, that forbid:: allromantic and iropkal in the musical serai-tone of Acad- diately put up his umbrella to keep off the ruin; ex- cused himselt on the score of lobster-salad; was helpedian romance 1 Tho New Year's number of' tho peer- to refreshments; mixed his collee wkh his piclcled lees New-York Mercury contains the opening chapters oysteix, stirred the c^pottndL with his pen-knife,t£ u Catholina; Or, The Niche in the Wall," a Tale of poured it out on a sheet of:music,. laid another sheet-over it and tried to bite a piece out, under the impres-Mercury. In the same unrivaled literary journal (now 'cit>r-ready at all the news-stands and bookstores) appearquaint reports of all the side-splitting sayings and'.'*.' The manner of their taking may appear At large Uhtcour.i'il in thin paper here.,"Louisiana, by the famous novelist, Dr." J . I I . Kobhi-aoo. It is just the story for home reading, and if its made of ' his shirt-front had been somewhat cleared pathos })Vin^H tears to t be sympathetic eye, the jovial away, he noticed it for the first time, and said he hoped diversions of Doesticks and the " Cossiper's Club" in Mrs. Wilkens would excuse him.if he put up hk.in its cbarrtiinK new drew?, is now rdndy at all the plained'of it; aome of them triej to wipe their faces onRichard the Second. Upon tho general commentatingmental, critical, satirical, and fanciful short'stories; principle, it might be shown that every department and is in its elegant New Year dress, with Dr. J. IT. Robin-umbrella again—which he at once did.th« «yuiu paper will quickly awaken the hearty laugh. .And so on for dozens; fellows all sufferintj from vio- "The New-Year's number of The New-York Mercnry, lent attacks of lobster-saJad, apparently", for all eom-dress.'.laugh, by that great:• .ministerof Momus, Doesticks—th* glorious p i e c e s of Parley, and a sumptuous teas' of mmor romance, poetry, wit, humor, gossip, instruction and delightful udditk*. Neither bivken-down poliiid- ans nor « panic" makers aire allowed to weigh fam* The New-York Mercury with .their sickly vapors and dreary plahnaV. It is all « # £ # , vigor nud cnlivxuingnew* suuul» and bi/oksiores in America.NKVI-YK-MI LXTERA'/CIO:.—The briJBi&nt central Ifjbuiet <rf th« liientry ^oL&»- «#ysU;m-~the evcr;«chiu]lat- ing New-Yorif Men^rry commences , the Now-Year with ifu effuigeuce of intellectual light that forbids allthe door-mat, which they picked »ip in the hall, under the conviction that it was a pocket-handkerchief; some tried to drink oat of the oyster-tureen, and muttered Something incoherent about salad; one held uphis plate before him like a looking-glass, and tried to comb his hair with a pickle-fork; one brought'his new hat iuto. the parlOr with him, sat down in it, and eoiddn't get out Oi it, till it Wit* taken away in small, pieces by Bridget, at whom he winked, and suggested a little,And then it 'B jolly \' G6ssip$! CLUB," - And then it'Bstories rareOf love, and feats by flood and field. Well-writ beyond compare.But eee, she starts! on page the first- Are glowingly portrayed,By Dr. J. H.ltOBtNsoN,The fortunes of 'that maid; ', Yes! flic great JKomuncer.uf the day— She '« loiuid it, and. knows all! •" Mr.nici>-^. FOUTn'j Umv DKCKA^KD."—The daily papers fairly sicken the'public with their gloomy pre- dictions, reports of trcjuson and robberies, moans about the "crisie," and so on, and the public miudcan^onlyhand the King a copy of the MERCURY, when he savs:VRead o'er thi* papor, whfle tJnr claws Doih come."Xhought <*iit^ boing Utk».n Xor.jthe " mcck|supS'' of the*awi*» *y%Vtftn, it si'iues in a new and artistic dre?<s, the m<>rc lofeter, tvo; one marched up w an oil portrait ofEntitled ".C'ATMOIJS.V; Or, •"J'niiNTCHWnniNTH*;WALL."She reads^although the early dawnIs'breaking through the cast; ' •She reads, and her emotions know ;". A most unwonted feast.Oh! how she'sh adders at the scene ' Where "Jean," the muRon pour,Is forced to b'ury'onc a!ivct And wall hisprisorio'er. •,"CA'moT.»v\!"—The very naftte.' snggcrfa all Cm in romauuc and tropical iu fluMnusieaWmi-ioue of Aca- •uanromance!' 'H.eNow-YearVnumberofthepacr- le<s Ke.wYork Moix-tny contain- the opening chant<>rv | of " Cuibolinu: or, tho Niche in tho Wall,'' a .ia'le ofJ»rs. Wilkens, hold'out bin handkerchief, and asked to foeosofaHthathgrand,graceful,instntc^ye,amueing, havemoresugarpatintobispunch;anotheraddreywxl•fanciful, «*d witty in the literature of th« d»y. Dr. the bronze statue of Apollo as "waiter," and afeked for jfcoiiinson's catmiiciug •' CiUltolina; Or, The Niche in a Utile more lobster-wdad. and a plate, by which name(hit WaJ!;*' &* irresistible humorous diversions of that he.designated tho sherry decanter, wliir.b ho presented, "bottom up. * - '••.''iacorrigibleVag, Docstaks; Darby's artistic illustra- •;• And, in fact, nine out of ten, who caJled alter noon tk>m; VotutAy SJ^etcacrt, Essays, CViticisma, Cowe- were in such a condition of )ol><i;er-«alad that not a sin- gle one could positively tell his head irom a hay-mow;TheNicheintheWall;" asketdhtomake-aSaintCnnoxt laugh, by that great minister of Momus, Do«- .tedious nights- was never written than " CATUOtlNA;sticks—the glorious pictures, of Diirlev, and a'sami,- OR, TlIK MjCHB IN TIIK WAU/.f—Di J H. Robiueon'otty'GlOC*• . i • - ' . . • .• — - - - " ' . — ._—>«.i'Aria: k^Bi Jk«i. i nla\,'-Tr iepoiidoncc, Nev>». Gossip—all under the New-York yet, not one of t'icm refused to drink, although some • Hercury, a SreaJ* blccsing and a roadside,boon. The of them had difficulty- in finding the way to their•to weigh down the The New-York. Mereurv with theirsickly vapors and dreary platitudes. It iaall i»$prW drchs ban. isomelv eulogized• charming New-l'eai-'s MOim of Doesticks -andthe " ({osxipor's VHh" m the * ^me,paper will (luivkly awaken-the heatty kugn.,•onjpariel number if* N»;w-Y€arri is xiow ready at all&e news strmds aad^.^ltHto^f.mouths-^and ilieir stoiaachs were often titoee in a wtateThat scene, by PARLEY'S nuilclJcds art, in pictured to her view—vigor, and enlivening beauty. news ntimds and bookslows.Now ready at all thel V ,i,w inil l*M WPJ* - • ' "' ^^«vOHversewith tboThe Ncw-Y ear's number of The N-.w-Yovk Mcivj'ry, • in Uscharmmg^ew dvvs-»,'is now ready at a l ? ^ n ^ w sstands and bookstores in America.-eoi romance. "Even new there is a smack,of romantic w on the first tJoor if you don't count the roof?andi8 «Jd Spain about the State, and the well-known Dr. connected with the fwnt pai'lor by three pairs ot stairs.Hung' my hat on th/0 servant girlr*( lamp, and went up. J.H.JKoohwonbaahappily madeitthel<>c<dcofhitPatDutchmaninmyroomstandingonbothsidesofBut poor old v>u:di appeared to think Hirt lofty friends were pests;And ever through the evening, he Kepthov'iiugroundthedoor.As though he wa'n't accustomed quite To ju*t ,gnch things before.The baud struck up, the dance began, 4k Jeems"' kept '* announcing" still,'.Xjouieiana, T>y tb© ftanoxia noveliety J>r. if. XI. Robin-1' CURYwoirld have imitators making fidno pretence to Eon. It is juct the story for home reading, and if its its racy and sparkling originality, we cannot say; but. •'.was the last timeT ever cat up to tjee Santa Claus. wasn't a good thing to do.ItBut I eaw him hist 'Christmas Eve. I board in a utreet that wonld be Fifth 'avenue if "the City was turned the other way. I and Damphool had been out, and Damphool was so sure that the Crown main wouldburst again that we drunk enough water to keep us mildewed for a week. The water tasted very strong of the mjpesti and when w« came out of the Reservoir, (I Baw bottles there, biit Damphool said it was the Re- servoir, and all respectable families,had private bottles of water there,) we walked very carefully on the side- walk so as not to crack the pipes down under them. I loft Damphool bargaining with a barrel of potatoes toSoon_gallantly the ball-room shone With guests of every age,In broadcloth, satins,' jewelri, lace • All •copied from the stage:In fact; the scene was such a one As. you will often sieeDepicted in the sketches of IHENEW-YOKK MERCURY.Miss GuBhington was quite at homeI» Welcoxttirig her gnests;_'the bureau $ with two coats and three pair of pantaloons over his arm. Said he was Santa Claus and wanted to find a good place to put my presents. - Would come again when I was asleep. He went out together, and left me trying to cover myself up with a pocket-hand kerchief under the belief that it. was a sheet. Nex morning missed all my tailor's collaterals. Can't ac count for it, but I've seen Santa Claus.Yourn, dwcouaolatoly, DKOST1CKS, P. B.Great provocations require strong language; and weihc same paper will quickly awaken tho.heartylaugh..; The New Year's number of The New-York Mercury, in its charming new dress, is now ready at all the, ^N E W - Y O R KM E R C U R Y ,of romance and reality, The New-York Mercury. In the same unrivaled literary journal (now ready at all the news stands and bookstores) appear quaint reports of all the side-splitting sayings and doings of Q. K, Philander Doesticks, P . B.; besides wealth of beauti-ful original poems; domestic, sentimental, critical, satirical and fanciful short stories; witty and gossipy sketches," etc., etc. The New-York Mercury com- mences the New-Year in an entirely new drees."C-ATnoLiKA! "--Tho very name suggests all that isromantic and tropical in the musical semi-tono of Aca-dian romance! The New-Year's number of the peer-less New-York Mercury contains the opening chaptersof "Catholina; or, the Niche in the Wall," a tale ofLouisiana, by the famous novelist, Dr. J. H. Robinson.It is juat the story for home reading, and if its' patuosbrings tears to the sympathetic eye, the jovial diver-sions of Doesticks;and the " Gossiper's'Club'' in .theJjuceita.: • ' .. "•"." There, talio the paper! « « it bo returned,- 'sion that it was a sandwich. When the mess he thusitf. /evolution. *'./* V.«.dashing Hotspur- says it is.. . .. - . / -.-. - • • : . - "•m%& iv/••-•;.«..;.;/'-•..W?&W........j j •'•\-M •-: >•-.• "';••'•• •." A« full of apivil; Uli the mojntft oCMavAnd gorgeou* as <hw nao ut.miusttuauvr."i .•-.....-:,•*•.yA bright, accomplished, sylph, as thoee Whose letters, quaint and fair,Adorn t h e " L A C K S ' PHOMEKAD E' 'But fall* into abatement and low pric«."'The night appointed came around On tune's revolving hoop,And then was Grace Church Brown, by Jove! 'f.y. A smiling on the stoop.To give the ooaohioN orders, and ..•'-:.. Admit the jeutiesse ,<^Vr., •.While snubbing all the strange young man He hadn't seen before.,- ."MEDICINE FOR THE MIND DtsEASED."--Tbe daily papers fairly sicken the public wiUi their gloomy pre- dictions, reports of treasoff and robberies, moans about the " crisis," and so on, and the public mind can only he preserved from morbid insanity by an entire change of fare. Such a delightfully soothing and exhilarating weekly stimulant and; companion as the New-York Mercury is a blessing to every family in the land. Here it is in its elegant New-Yrear dress, with Dr. J. H. Robinson's bewitching new story of'" Catholina; Or, The Niche in the Wall," a sketch to make a Saint Crinon laugh, by that great minister of Momus, Doe- eticke—the glorious,pictures of Dariey, and a sump- tuous feast of minor romance,.poetry, wit,.humor, gos-;!JS5SE. N WOE CAi«'4)ft> iwot • ?i*r«. mx o.s'tmjx^^ ^ft^^• •;-'-.'>"•:'»;•'.:BY A 'WALL-FLOWER.*• • -1-Leave oh the mind a grand effect ThWcanuot be effaced. .i(Late Gushington and Brpwn)"-rr ,; Is not unknown to certain per-long hair, collars upside down, violent spectacles, andsone in the trade down-town; For he a tallow chandler wasIn some hack street or other, Until a fortune came to him' •; .':!-' Escaped the plotted doom, - ??••'.. Though boniej as one no more to live,the most afflicting are the COMMENTATORS. Just ex-^ amine the word: ' . ,COM-MFN-TATOBS!WKy General James W - T - n W — knows enough about logic todetect the insignificant latent meaning oftheterm. Let u«analyze: % '/ Sniall potatoes aroebeap potatoc*;.:.•'." T>ie-organA.thongh dofanct and&r*& btforr,Br«iak up the'r drowsy gravon, and Hctrly move'With caated tlousth andfro«h legerity." tItishardtobelieve that the great dramatist could have foreseen Lincoln's election in America; yet, in King John, Act V., the fate of such flats in certain' Post-Oificesasretain the MERCURY for their owui reading, and try to make the persons to whom",it w directed believe they never received it; and who will he removed, probably, by the new Administration—isthus foretold:" Testing, these flat* are tak^n by th« tide, These Lincoln washes have drowned them." •In the first Act of the Twelfth Night, not only is the evtr fresh character, of this famous literary journal noted, but the immense amount of choice reading mat-, ter it contains (more than any other paper of its cla*s in- the world), and its very low price (only four cents); are*ife' / tf^wVJ *«te«» flf * t**«ty or BO^TO wfil hf ^mtU6taml» In T, ' Proni a dead English brother. .•' Old Gush," as people called him then, . WasquitecontenttoliveAmid the small conveniences A three-pair-back can give, s" While he was in the tallow trade; But when enriched, soared higher,And as the maid Jived but iu print, , . Herangerwasdisarmed. . 'She went"to bed with this resolve,THE MHt tjm V&KBi;'Two C«V,Moved straight up-town, and now is known As Gushington Esquire.JSinyourwalksalongBroadway A. stout old gent you see,With golden specs and rosewood cane, And smirk ofhigh degree;.Or chance upon the road to meet That form behind a span,You won't be wrong if you -exclaim; " Why, bless me! that's the man."Or any other man.But of all Commentators, the most tiresome and un-bearable are thfi,so-called Shakespearean Commenta-tors. Compared with them, all others are un-commen-tators—-large 'taters, however ^airnldus or pratey theymoyT)e ! As a generalfcbingyour Shakespearean Com-mentator is a venerable fossil of mctophysicaf intellect^,;who makes it his business to prove that Shakespearegenerally wrote his plays in a condition of bewilderingintoxication,andmade such an awful mess of themthat no! sober man can understand them without the aidof thatj'inextricable conglomeration of mind known as«His house is on the avenue, And as his wife is gone,His pretty daughter Efiie does The honor* all alone;.^. , And all went merrily enough, The pang of care to kill. .But Eitie, though she wore a smile, A disappointment feared,ijntil young Chaw-less Arlington In snowy gloves appeared.To tell the truth, .Miss Effie had • " AxTanged this splendid ballTOgivethetenderyouthachance Upon his knees to fall,And whisper all his dream of loveJ Behind some eui"tain'fl shade,Where by his haughLy mother's frown.They in the green-house stood alone, • And he gave her a flow'r, • .Or else ieturn Ho more into my sight."L may further be argued that Shakespeare was anShe tittered, sighed, and hung her head, Like some bewildered dove,While be, abstracted, picked a rose, And shyly said: u 1 love! "*' Oh, dear!—why Chaw-less," but before Another word she'd xaid,The youth quite turned his back to her And shook his curly head;" Alas!" sighed be, " ihe one I love Is.never to bo mine;Her mimeis CATHOLINA, miea, And sl>e i«i all divine."• Sweet Effie's eyes with anger gleamed, And quite forgetting pride,She stamped^ her dainty little foot, Aud then indignant cried—"*•' I'd like to see the ebanhing—-thing !" When, with a sudden stir,. He drew a paper from his coat And lianded it to her. •She took it—hid it in her dress, Then stately walked away To join again the giddy dance,Andwithman'sbcari-stringaplay; Nor did her eyes reveal the wound—-So well she" played her p a r t -That fell like midnight on her soul, ' _Editor, .because he says, through. lag*'.-" He who steals my"purse stealatrash,"/'And festered in her heart. P ART III.Being the suhlime and extraordinaryStates, her picturesque rivers, dim, .mysterious for- brated authors, when he said the Prince appearedspondence, News, Gossip—all under The Mew-YorkBetween themidnight and the dawn Poor Ellie sits alone, 'Still gazing on the paper there,. Ij k e statue cut from stone,' Till suddenly it strikes her, thatThe mystic sheet must beThe brightest star of all oar press,The NEW-YORK MERCURY.It is ! She glances down each page With choicest reading stored.And'soon is too much wrapt, in it To think of being bored.In fact, despite her wounded heart, A ringing laugh she paysIn penalty for readiug what .••-'.'•' That funny DOESTICKS says.Its glittering gems of pocsieNext catch her brightening eyes,And.then it 'B " LADIF.S' PROMENADE"— So'firll of laughs and cries— <.Even now there is ammm^-:". .; ; ,B> master's pencil traced, 1•w,Sequel,nonpariel number for Mew-Years is now ready ;,; all It is well-known that this great literary necessity of the news stands' and bookstores," MEDICIN-K lORTTi^MtNt) DisKASEi)."—The dailypapers tairly sicken tho public with their, gloomy prd- diciions, imports of treason and robberies, moans about the "crisis," and so on, and the public mind can only be preserved from morbid insanity by an entire change of fare. Sucli a delightfully soothing and exhiliratingi:been shown by a learned judicial owl, from other pass- ages, that he was the great forefather of all the Tombs lawyers. ' In fact, the Editor-theory can be still further,•':>'. :,.i' • -Unto her very tomb 1As Effie Tead, she wondered not Her lover had been'charmed,aAaAMMKTKNTr ;... . . . ,Its course had nearly runi :;.' .In THE NKW-YOHK MKKCUKY."Miss Effio lately djd i-esolve sip, instrnction and delightful oddities. ; NeitherShakespeare knew something about that church's archi- tecture and its ministertj, becttuse he gays in Hamlet:' "•';.'!'"'; , "AngelaaniMtoictersof Gract,defend us !"This inference is not a bad thing, and we propose to do a little commentating in the same line ourselves,So ends the latent Shakespearean commentary. the public witm to see it justified', let them purchaseIfTo'give a dashing ball,Nor Thought of asking Pa's consentTill she'd arranged it all;Then coaxed to make him acquiesce,And, having named the night, Begged he'd assist to make a hat,Of those she should invite.TJie two Miss Bouncers—they must couw, With all their brothers too,And Jane Matilda Montague—4• That dear old spiteful blue;" ..And all the wealthy Coddingtona, The Firkins and the Brays;. The"Johnsonses, the Fisheses,The Browuees and the Grays. Young Pinchbeck is a pleasant wretch,broken-down politicians nor "panic" makers are al-lowed to weigh down the New-York Mercnry withtheir sickly vapors and dreary platitudes. It is all1}«•:And write** such witty things. *-TJnto the jovial "-GOSSIP Ci.ua"..That MERCURY gives wings;But then, you. know, he's not the sortTo make a moneyed match, And if we don't invito him, whyThe world won't care a scratch.The Count Do Bobolinkum, Withhiswhiskersso.divine,Mr. Howard Staunton or Mr. Richard Grant White same unrivaled literary journal (now ready at all the, tion of the passage, and appeal to Collier's " Folio,"4ii>-.1.-. V .-> --And Lord .Augustus Cbevalnn, (Agroom,'twixtmeandyou).. •At last the list was all made out, ' The.invitations went;And Eflie, on a shopping tour, • With soul elated, wont.She spent a thousand dollars clear - For thingumies, and allThose articles a lady needs, . . . Preparing for a Ball.original poems; domestic, sentimental, critical, satirical,etc., etc. The New-York Mercury•commences the gen, with a copy of the N. Y. MERCURY in her hand).WMe^mtke gA nptwc nw»ew"* rVi«y)KVK^iNC ub,^8H&r4adKlUXK W . SMWfjS-fc,}MUaTi»t- \ TheTPoiurih^JEIuAlXVFMf b»;ie «j'eT«qaeiti?41WMi'fMAnt,"8ec~Km«tccnth V WAK4Hfc»i*«bJ OWN COOPEH, JJ""TLhe Twenti* •»1U iue«t oir"rKl•i' th« abwetwic: t year. *y$p$cli*<. to A- fStiBBO •b«-i*Notice to TrOn.io-iiui Hmyaoiti lttO, *X7 'j'cl'ic%. «tv» »«i Z3d autt »-t. Jithr. LijVr ottltr '>t• O. LitJ aU. «t.q : G•« ho l"«rtT»l»po»edtj puruUon In wrklhd SUSJAi£\LMll>ve.sSriiWi'2». ,1lhnll oa;i»iDA.l ART L^OOi^^ ypy<Uyj>£ «s.->...'^CWi^oiii• *!.'• xmi.- SBO*to*> aad L't*i Ui •t«*8«to,froai.-.. 8*JvtiT» ...--•-«"BoHday trr lOCr.EY hNt^PLA1KD W .vB..*•• W . r,.'•$'• ' •••&:>',•Aath«N%B«n- gjato oif fi=aar> 4 Bt»ck*f r.vu WR»rd*»«ofr«* CLOTKlKOinSSM5 W<<s«i *t . •».--.-vt >:•"' • -•'„ F1KE, AtXo.2UlAad ahr»y» k WATEK-BACby many wta mU Dte.6.1;Whose life, by artful poison fed, But who, by fenrning awful death,King Henry V., hd makes the King refer to wmi lan- voices located in the hottpmiefis pit-c-f the stomach, guishing organs thus: ..LOUISIANA IN OLD TrMKS.—In the olden time, and;long before Louisiana' was purchased by the UnitedStates, her picturesque rivers, dim, mysterious forests,and tropical vales, were tho scenes of strange adven-BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.one of the most absorbing and powerfully-written pro- ductions of that well-known author. The immortalQ. K . P H I L A N D E R D O E S T I C K S , P . B . . '''(expressly engaged) also appears therein in one of hi* whimsical, quizzical, satirical, and altogether inimita-ble fuilletons. . . ' Also, a wealth of short stories,',poems by Joseph Barber, ROBS Walbace, and other noted poets, clu/ice bits' of original wit and humor, gobeiping b;t(v:i-s,criticisms, sterling editorials, etc., etc." CATHOMNA!"—The very name suggests ali tinw ie romantic and tropical in the musical semi-tone of .Aca- dian romance! The New-Year's number of the peer- less New-York Mercury contains the opening chapccr* of " Catholina: or, The Niche in th^ Wall," a talc of Louisiana, by the famous novelist; Dv. d. H. Bobinsoa. It isjustthe story for home reading, aud if its pathos• brings tears to the symjMithctic ey«> the jovial diver-' sions of Doesticks and the " Gossiper's Club" in the name paper will quickly awaken the hearty laugh. The New-Year's number of The New-York Mercury, in it« charming new dress, is now ready at all the new* stands and bookstores in America."J?tures, chivalrous deedfl, and all the languishing luxury, story as "CATHOLINA; Or, THE NICHE IN THE of tropical romance. Even now there is a smack of W A E E (just commenced), for Lucius «aya archly toJS « j r i Rold Spain about the State,and the well-known. Dr. J.H. Robinson has happily made it the locale of his de-lightful new story—" Catholina; or, The Nicho in the:him: ' ,•' The tapar'btfmeth in your clor>*t, Sir. Scarchitig tho window for a fli/it, I found Thin paper." ^,'Wall"—now publishing in that brilliant minor of Ro-;mance and Reality; The New-York Mercury. In the may object to this peculiarly perpendicular interpreta-:NEW-YEARplanet of the literary solar system—the *i»ver-sciutil- lating New-York. Mercury, commences the New Year with an effulgence of intellectual light that forbids all thought of its being taken for the "mock-suns" of the same system. It shines in a new and artistic dress, the focus.of all. that is grand, graceful, instructive, amusing, fanciful, and witty in the literature of the day. Dr. Robinson's entrancing "Catholina; Or, The Niche in the Wall;" the irresistible humorous diversions of that incorrigible wag, Doesticks; Darley's artistic illustra- tions; Poems, Sketches, Essays, Cririciams, Correspond- ence, News, Gossip—all. under The New-York Mer- •.of "Catholina: Or, The Niche in the Wall," a Tale ofthe n e w s stands and bookistoree." CATHOLiNA.'VThc very name suggests all that i* omantic and tropical in the musical semi-tone of Aca- dian romance. The New-Year's number of the peer- less New-York Mercury contains the opening chapters of " Catholina; Or, The Niche in the Wall," a Tale of Louisianarby the famous novelist, Dr. J. H. Robin- son. It is just the story for home" reading, and if its pathos brings tears to the sympathetic eye, the jovialstands and bookstores in America.could only have referred to the teeming columns of fanciful and witty in the literature of the day. Dr. THE NEW-YORK MERCURY, with their gems Robinson's entrancing " Catholina; or, The Nicho iii fromthepensofDr.J.H.Robinson,NedPuntlinc, theWall;''theirresistiblehumorousdiversionsofthatests and tropical vales wore the scenes • of strange adventures, chivalrous deeds, and all tho languishing," Ao if ho mawter'd there a double spirit. Of touching, and of learning, inutantly."Mercury, a fireside blessing and a roadside boon.Thebiilliantcentralsays:•',., .' '" So f;»r I rend aloud: -B u t « v » i « t h e VOTY m i d d l e o f BOY V a r tJBwann'd by tho r«st, and tak'jH it thackftilly". .:!•!certain of his words indicate, that he did. Thus, in Act diversionsofDoesticksandthe"Gossiper'sClub"in.III.ofTheTwoGentlemenofVerona,thesentimentstpathos brings tears to the sympathetic eye, the jovialluxury of. tropical romance.smack of romantic old Spain about the State, and thewell-known Dr. J. H. Robinson has happily made itthe locale of his delightful now story,.." CathoJma; Or, and Gr.xmhou80," whoreinare full instruction* for the The Niche in-tho Wall," now publishing in that bril-! liant mirror of Romance and Reality, Tho New-Yorkamateur botanist, and directions for the taking of deli- cate plants and flowers safely through a Winter in theProin this passage it can be as clearly proved thatlong before Louisiana was purchased by the UnitedStates, her picturesque rivers, dim mysterious forestsand tropical vales were the scenes of strange adven-tures, chivalrous deeds and all the languishing luxury Strengthened by quotation; for in this same play of the^ in its charming new drew, is now ready at all the t><,w*- pf tropical romance. Even now there is a smack of Tuo Gentlemen of Verona, one might suppose that tands and bookstores in America. ;•and it, is well-known that the purse of a country editor is generally just such trash as unpaid bills are made of. To return to THE NEW-YORK MERCURY'S nwtk-es from Shakespeare, w e find in A c t V . of Love'stions;Poem 8,Sketches,Essays, Criticisms,Corre*" Tho'wcrdit of MSRCCRY are *?w.e«t Afterthe»ODgaofApollo."The ladies will be. pleaded to know that "our hardacter of the payer, even while speaking of the thenin its. charming new dress, is now ready at all the news license of commentators, if we say that Worcester focus of all that is grand, graceful, instructive, amusing,same paper will quickly awaken- the hearty laugh.The New-Year's number of The New-York Morcu'rv ' PRINCE OF WAI.ES. We shall not exceed the ordinarythought of it* being taken for the " mock-suns" of the Kline syetem. It shines in a new and artistic dress. th«m'KN. 137.1: 0«il and <>iir'. • &£" PirecrJonJLOUISIANA IN OLD TI.MKS.—In the olden time, and Cousin May Carleton, SeptimuB R. Urban, Q. K. Phi-long before Louisiana was purchased by the United incorrigible wag, Doesticks; Darley's artistic illustra-' ;•'••'* '>''VBX X 7*T>U*h*4 « * uu-. «' "•.p«ei»wr.oiTHE NEW-YORK MERCURY,It commenceB the New Year with a glorious and mys- , speare knew all about the inimitable NEW-YORK terious Romance of Louisiana in the old time, entitled*rt*^s' iff • ^s*2ci*''/':- i .MERCURY (now in its twenty-third year), else why does he say so much about it in his plays ? In Julius Ca:sar, Act II., Scene I., we have a plain intimation that Brutus had been, sitting up all night to read the MERCURY when it contained some such beautifulC A T H O L I N A : OR, T H E T H E W A L L :N I C H E TNlander Doesticks, P . B., and hundreds of other cele- tions; Poems, Sketches, Essays, Criticisms, Corre-th-ir b«-n«tit. it. KvltlBt. Go bav a good eii. JtuleiiL A d ) alwaysgo nip JS-i«W.'0«wcompli»b«J ») SboaUthaKo •T«r, tho''bent.«.'•' Cr»"aJPwk i* not trj B.orrcvr. 't»«iTb« sdTCrti by a very »nuj »»orrr« £a*gTo ill wUo <MUtve, wbicb ( ASTtlMA.» tis«r is *•>J>*u «pi«dd LWt'rB*Portiea '^ ^-.1 t-< »••*—r-— -.jcASK -\±D,«.MctK.'."every; educated family contains among its numerous gieat departments, a column devoted to the " (hardendoin«s of Q. K. Philander Doesticks, P . B.,'beside a as Northumberland hays in the last scene of King weekly stimulant midcompanion as The New-York Mer»wealth of beautiful, original poems; domestic, senti- cury is a blessing to every family in the bind. Here itwitty and gossipy sketches, etc., etc. The New-York contributor of tho MERCURY has, by some strange coin- son's bewitching new story of "Catholimi; Or, The Mercury commences the New Year in an entirely new cidonce, a fu>t-clasH purl' in Shakespeare's plays; but Niche in the Wall;" a sketch to make a Saint Crinony j And the King evidently, connected that popular, shoot be preserved .from morbid insanity by ah entire change0 of .fare. Such a delightfully soothing and-exhilaratingweekly stimulant mid companion as The Now-YorkMercury is a blessing to every family in the land. Heroit. is in its elegant.New-Year divsu, with Dr. j . II.Robinson's bewitching new storv of " Catholina- "o"'with xha brightest joys of the family fireside in Winter when he remarked to his Queen, by way of suggesting comft.it 'for her anticipated widowhood:U Uhvgood old fptka i aud let them read thoe tale*. '• -A more glorious and entrancing story for " Winter'^eauty. fctorcp.NW ]C;,dy at all the nows ^{«ndrt aud book- ; •tuous least, of minor romance, poetry,-wit- humor KC$nneqnaled now ivmanco of Lbun'usiaim, just commcncitd,Untitled Documentin the M):JUM.'K.V. • iIu King Hen..r.y !he Fourth, Act Lpuhdaha, by thosli\mo4jHnbv..hVt, Dr. j . If. Jtobiiisoa. usip, instruction, and delightful oddities. Noithor' brbkcn-downpoliticijuiH nor " panic '»makors,ai-e allowed IV., we lind.thc:cuharmactcrof thoe favorite paper's- whole ItiBJustthesiory for homo veading, nud if its par ho*table of contents defined, and its char brings teniv.totlie^yrn^.a^aH'b-'eve.i^ jovial diver-significantly observed. The luxurious Duke say*:;;h—: .howquickandfret«hartthou! That. notwitbutaudSng tby capacity • Jteceiveth an the ma, nought «nt«r» there, Of what validity and pitch »oever.first-cla^s family reading as a $1 book, it is M)ld i\>;> fo.ir cents.NEW-YKAKplanet of the literary solar system—the ever-scintillat- ing New-York Mercury commences the New-Year with an effulgence of intellectual light that forbids all thought of its being taken for the "mock-suns" of the same system. It shines in a new and artistic dress, the focusbf all that is grand, graceful, instructive, amusing, fanciful, and witty in the literature of the day. Dr. Robinson's entrancing "Catholina; Or, The Niche in the Wall;" the irresistible humorousdiversions of that incorrigible.wag, Doesticks; Darley's artistic illustra- tions; Poems, Sketches, Essays, Criticisms, Corre-i spondence, News, Gossip—all under the New-YorkLITERA TURE.—Thediversions of Doesticks and the " Gocsiper'B Club," in the same paper, will quickly awaken the hearty langh. The New-Year's number of The New-York Mercury,/brilliantcentral,•.«L- -•!•m•*> • .U*-±k: - ' ^ / - '' • - . * - . ^Ifc ,:'-!^g'V'i&iimm *JO£- .'l-M-h •-*«\ll£_ •-aa.. aasa*Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street : j*L±^ mFulton New YorMk13069•„www.fultonhistory.com.'t>f::.<.i mm mmm ••»^i, \: 