 M-i***%-STRice, tobacco and naval storesRailroad shares, bonds, stocks and other seeu-"^^*"s"""s* a^ai^a*sasB oaa-"ff" sups ats*a****" **a*lf0*Bw ^TCaa^o •6NEW YORKHERALD, SATURDAY^DKClfltaSHn*fc#tain disturbances, the Union is to be dissolved and the government to be broken up. On the contrary, experience proves that nations, like individuals, are frequently stronger and better after having applied active remedies to certain local disorders. The real state of the case, so far as we are concerned, is that the constitu- tion of 1787 is not equal to the requirements of the republic in I860. The constitution of 1787 was made for three millions of people, inhabitants of thirteen States. Now we have a population of thirty-two millions, with a vast territory extending from ocean to ocean.lowers of Mazzini are to be found creating a division of the Italian party in the name of the national champion, and priests and royalists are creating insurrections in the provinces, while the Bourbon King is yet the occupantcesion: and the mora] bears forcibly upon the present affairs of tiii.- country.lican party and foe majority of the Northern Tine Informs In Franc<—TIae Napoleon people ere committed in regard to theD y n a s t y . Territories. But over this, fortunately, C«ar EoroppfB file* by the Kedar place us in Congress has control, notwithstanding IkewrsLO'iprocured a hatchet, sallied into the street, and Wheat in the Interior •• f>» aad Sew corn in the interior..commenced an assault upon thefurniture, with FiTkUtthe interior.......taarw. OTH«MAWALLACI L A PImp*rtec and domestic articles, iron, wool-Ltss to manufacturers by suspensions, ban* work, less interest on money, AcDecline in railroad shares and bonds, State, reunty and city bon.ts, bank capital and•HTTO-Broadway.—thei n l i n e in wool 3.700.090BfMtvar,I B B A T U , THRATBB, Wo.foe view of splitting and breaking it to pieces.At this stage of his careerbe was arrested in hiswork by a policeman, who requested him to de-sist "Has not a man," said he, "a right to out uphis own furniture?" "No," replied the policeman, "madmen are to be looked after." "And Ires rn rea! aau personal estate in Bew York. 150,000,000 On the contrary, those who have most authorityI < f-s on real and personal estate in the interior to speak for foe South say that the Fugitive a mad woman, too, I suppose?" said the ex fiee States and cities 160.000.000cited broker. "Go into the house and take my Total 1478,620,000 Slave law now on the statute books of Coa- wife in charge; she has done as much to de Oram: total of kssts in the North and Sooth.$66»,120,000 grew is as good a law as can be made on foe stroy this furniture as I have; in fact, it h» It may possibly be that some of these esti- subject, and that all the Presidents who have been a joint stock operation throughout," mates are a little over the. mark, and others been in office since foe law was passed, fas.government, but in the unwillingness of foeHFLODROK, Ko. » Broadway.-*>»«, Duress, I n -King and Ministry, including those of negli-gence and ingratitude, with a view to throw flamed by mutual crimination and recrimina gogues Lav.» been battling; boar fatal the delay States to repeal their legislative enactments orTaoura.—/ HBW BOWBBV THEATRE. l M w r . - A f U r M « «Bd Monticello left the country in a slab! jj^pro- greata*.—BUacrr*—FOBTY Taiaria—WmauaHi HALL.BARNUM'S AMERICAN MC8EC*, Broadway -Day and having a Jackson in the PrtiuHsatfn! chair Evening—MiMiMUO-Arrac C«lL»aM»—LITISQ Ccaiosi and a Clay in Congress; ofogjVise the pe-rils which now menace the Union might BRYANTS' MINSTRELS, Mechanics' Ran, 473 •rOaJ then have overthrown the governmentSaaaa, DAJKTMS *C:—U»«D Vr.own dissatisfaction with the Court of Turin, he annexed his conquests without a question to the new monarchy as represented by Victor Emanuel. Nevertheless, not only in his own country, the land of promise, but in EnglandIf50, bave conscientiously carried it eat as forpresent appearance*, we cannot rely upon our The European mails by the steamship North present rulers for any assistance. The present Briton, which arrived at Portland at a late hour President will do nothing, and the inference is On Wednesday, reached here on Thursday irresistible that he is unequal to the responsi-the seven wise men as his chief ministers, batfor the union of Italy nnder the constitutionalsceptre of an ordinary man of sense. It is byand contains the promise of modifications in the system of government By it we learn that tie Count Walewski returns to office astion, and its operation would be speedy and effectual.tices are unimportant, and relate chiefly to the Sdfect produced is Kngiaad by the news of Lin- colna election. We give elsewhere the more Important details received by the North Briton •ad the New York, together with letters from ourIn pursuance of a vote of the House, the va- Minister of State. Tbis appointment, rious plans submitted to Congress have beenresigned and returned to the United States, andit, and there is no prospect that the presentmarket of at least 4,500,000 bushels, on which' there has been a loss of twenty cents per bu -hel. or a loss of $800,000. The stock of corn here is about 3,000,000 bushels, on which there has been a decline often a twelve cents perwe wiU not burthen foe oppressed mails b j manent welfare, and although it has come sending them through the Post Office, bat. wenot quiet.fetock sold at the Brokers' Board yesterday at 99, States who has it in his power to restore thethe Croton water slock brought a fraction overM the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes- terday a resolution was offered and referred, di- recting the Attorney cf the Board of Excise Com- Btibsioaere to vacate and discharge all judgmentsl*btamed on behalf of the Commissioners, provided tin* county anali aot be put to any cost therefor. «V report la fever of increasing the police force to a%hteea hundred men was received and ordered to t>« printed. The Sheriff's bill, amounting tocountry-to its former happy and prosperous condition, and that man is the President elect The President elect should immediately break the silence which bis presumed duties to his party have imposed upon him, and proceed to de- clare to the people the programme of his admin- istration. To a man of common sense the proper course for Mr. Lincoln to pursue is perfectly plain. He should ignore altogether the fana- tics of the codfish States and the fanatics ofWe may soon witness a parliamentary system of government of troops in the event of war and revplution. Wo of §750,000; to say nothing of the loss on beef, the widest order, resting on the firmest founda-§3,434, for sending records of convictions to the the cotton States. He should cat loose en- Secretary of State, was discussed. A resolution to tirely from the platforms and abstractions ofin union. It may appear strange that the reac- tionists have hopes; but the presence of the Bourbon King at Gaeta, and the avowed dis- like of the French commanders to the Pied- montese cause, may account for their conduct There is no doubt whatever that Louis Napo- leon is doing all that he can against the cause of the new kingdom, and it is possible that we may yet hear of Prince Murat, or some other foreign pretender, being put forward to rescue the Neapolitans from anarchy, and elected by a new exercise of universal suffrage, under thebeta since Lincoln's election from ten to fifteen cents per pound; but call it ten cents, and the Ion; on this article alone amounts to the sum of $3,700,000. The loss on both imported and do- mestic manufactures of woollens, iron and other articles is enormous, and we have no means of .ating foe amount with exactness, but may put it down at the low estimate of $20,000,000. To be added to this are the losses sustained by the suspension or half time work in manufacturing establishments, with loss of interest on capital, which probably exceedsfix the fee in this matter at twelve and a half cents per hue, instead of fifty cents, was voted down, pad the original report was adopted.his party, declare himself entirely independent of partisan obligations, and pledge himself toIke extradition case of the fugitive slave Jones, recommend the amendments to the constitu- Charged with killing his master, will probably be tion and the additions to the federal laws which fiec Wed at Toronto to-day. It was expected that tho spirit of the age demands. Above all, the blacks would attempt to rescue the prisoner, Lincoln should place himself before tho peo- fiad foe authorities had armed the police and or- ple as a no-party man, and ask for a fair trial, fiered troops to be held in readiness to put down upon the platform of equal rights, for all Mo-Bttea. tions, upon every foot of ground over whichin the esse of the slave bark tho American flag floats. At first he mightwas lasBBiU yesterday afternoon before moot with some obstacles, bat ha would soonprotection of a French force. It win be re $10,000,000. To all this, too, must be addedUnited States Commisaioaer_ Moreli. and threegather about him a groat party which wouldmembereU that the present Emperor of France was himself once a candidate for the throne of Sicfly. It is to bo hoped, however, that the King and tho royal army wfll bo enabled to withstand whatever foreign or domestic hos- tility may bo attempted. Had Garibaldi re- tained the dictatorship longer, and completed foe work ho had begun single handed, foe reduction oi Gaeta nould likely have been by this time completed, and the fifteen thousand now dissatisfied and dispersed volunteers who fought under Urn would have been happy andthe decline in $866,000,000 of railroad bonds and shares, county, city and State bonds, bank capitals and shares of the free States, which have fallen on an average twelve per cent, giving a lots of $102,000,000. Again, the losses on breadstuflh on their way to, or in Liverpool, may estimated at about $600,000. In this may also be included foe looses of an average of five per cent by derangement of internal exchanges on collections from foe interior, and in the fall in sterling bflls, with a decline on general im- poi tations of foreign goods. To aU this wUl,> • of annihilate all opposition. So grand an oppor- being a narrative of theI girea hi oar report tunity as thai which Mr. Lincoln BOW en- joys 4oea not often occur la the world's history. He can be either Oaialiae or Ctodn-fcl. J., oa Friday night. Involving the lose of eight natua. Itisforbimto choose whether he will do his duty to his country, and restore peaceand plenty within her borders—whether he will prove himself a statesman, a phtlanforois*Bl sjsjj a Christian—or whether ho will follow in the lead of petty politicians, while for the want of a few words from him the republic is going to mJau aad taoaaanda of his fellnw -*•*W^SWWW; ^W^sasmj " WBWW*^*"**^^^TM^^^ ^sw ^aaaaw w v a t y W v ^ U ^ C l l s l JM90 "arwsas*w^waws^wa SE"*#E*»ansia awssssvam sssa sm^v aos*^"*«7a Xb>IB DO> ••mwssn ^pwm# •^s^aws^saw^^ws •s^awsrweianm flwepwg *""""g asanV•^^It^J?*" W*kyiro«* *«• wo fear, have to be added the faU in realThe history of great peats itself.laNEW TOBK_4S-shipping interest, which was just recovering Ministerfrom two years* depression, would have at this going to 1 time been fully employed at rates of freight of mtabout f a a OS. for flour, Sod. for grain, and at$8 a W per bale for cotton. Tho West just that all shouldreins to Mr.the hideons bigotry of fonatfffom, which has bsvesjiseotocoiTseo^eacsoftheelsotionefhlr.Omlyconstantly re- the maxim that by example, andstriking orof disturb- which foe leading bare passed more or tewt history of ikethat when the South asks for farther profor its property the Soata demandgMffi- thing more than its rights—rights wlich should be tendered without asking. And, finally, if Mr. Lincoln willaer calculated tomasses of all the States, thepats away like a summethan six weeks all will Idoing his plain duty in thewill gam for himself anwill prove himself a far greaterof the leaders of the party which nominated him. If he faJmia Ms^jgHWeor^queucesCamw Islam.The present destruction going on in thevalue of produce aad other property, Northand South, reminds as of the story of a stockexchange broker, who had mot with difficultiesin his business and suffered severe and seriouslosses. One day, in foe crisis of his troubles,ko went home to bis op-town residence to* din-ner in a very unsettled state of mind. His wifohad set out bis meal for him; he pulled off hiscoat and sat down to eat it Looking over thetable, be exclaimed, in an excited tone, that itwas not fit for a hog to eat; when his saoaso,to an equally excited manner, replied thatshe did not expect a hog to dinner, otherwisesay osatniha II sustained of a crisis at least once in every cen- tury and a half. Then the organic law of the or expanded in aione, in order to keep pace with the Of the nation. The British em- pire offers us still more familiar examples. was in a crisis when the barons Charts from King YIH. placed him- at the head of the church, whoa Cromwell o i w f l s i o i tho government of Charles he First, when the dogma of the divine right of kings was finally extinguished by the peace- ful revolution of 1688, and whoa tho House of Lords was compelled by the pressure of public opinion to pass too Reform bill. The UnitedStates has had its political as well as its meretal crises. Directly after the Revolutiona- ry war the country was In anything bat a ofpeace,orderandtranquillity. Theof the republic were equal to however, and made themselves When Mr. Jefferson was elected tical feeling ran very high; batwttl be- such as TMjj§M*$j& and shrink to indicate.We cannot unity is at IIcontemplatebrought the Union to tho block.The recapitulation of the losses at the SouthLincoln,reward will be calumny and thanklessness.It shines out as the noblest trait in tho cha- found peace. In 1832 we were fortunate in racter of Garibaldi that, notwithstanding hisThese crises are, however, ant small affairsWOOI.BT * CAMPBELL'S aTINSTKELS, NiWo'i Saloon compared ~ to that through which we are and elsewhere, we are sorry to find that hisThe policeman, in this ca*>e, counselled somewhat below it at the present moment, butthe partien to make friends again, and to get in the main we think tbey wfll be found correct. as it was in their power to do so. The dif- their furniture repaired or replaced; set thd But if the result of the existing crisis shall ficulty lies, not in the want of a good and house to rights, respect each other's conjugal prove to be a dissolution of the Union, who stringent law, or in the fidelity of the federal»mj.—t**imruM Soaoa, PAWSS, BHUMMI, AC.—OANTBRBOBT MUSIC Broadway. P f " Bvausavaa, * cnew famjly gnat ntees in favor of peace an' hsrp'ncs*people in most of the Northern States to eat- things: and in the face of such a disastrous tain the law. In ten States unconstitutionalnow passing. That it is Jpe most serious event so far in our hhvtoCBpo sane man can deny. That w o a r e . J P a f d o w n with folded hands and let tho storm do its worst we are none of oo^Mfparod to admit It is our duty to oam^paT and our children to diligentlyspecial partisans are leaving no effort untriedto reverse this his last great action. We hear ofall sorts of charges made against the Sardinianexceeded ? Figures, like facts, are stubbornT i e moral of this story is. that there is no belance sheet as tl is bow contemptible are the acts bave been passed to neutralize It. or im-TEIPLE SHEET. ajmtyout aremedyfor the existing state oftilings, and to apply that remedy without hesi- great object Garibaldi struggled for. This isY o r k , S a t * r 4 * r ,Taw Stows.Oea. Cass, Secretary of State, baa resigned hisdom, the foundation of which was the one tation. It does not follow that, because of cer- surely unwise. It is a bad sign when the fol-pout, and the resignation has been accepted by thaPresident. Oea. Cam was induced to this fotfBV^wing to a irreconcilable difference of opinion as to the propriety of reinforcing the gar- rison at Wrtlaouitrie, hi the harbor of Charles- ton, the General beiag in fsvor of sending addi- tional troops there, while the President opposed each a measure for obvioos reasons.Our Washington despatches state that the Presi- teat, in view of the critical condition of the conn* try, and in compliance with the suggestions ofmanyassociationsandprivate citizens,hasdeter- mined to recommend the observance of the 4th of January next ss a day of national humiliation, fast-; and prayer.The steamship Buropa, with the European mailsIs the 1st inst., had not made her appearance off Boston harbor up to tea o'clock last night. She has probably encountered strong head winds.such men as Mazzini that the new kingdom is aught, bringing details to the ttth alt. The sd- bilities of his position. Congress is imbecile. most endangered. Austria and Francis n.In our present r-xeired condition the NorthpoinM to the Soutii and tells her Low much she ( r-••-«'*!«'< P of an important imperial decree,those striving to impair their influence in the The country has outgrown the constitution, newly wrested territory. Whether such menTo form some estimate of what the South may suffer in cotton alone we may state thaf the crop this year has fallen off 600,000 bal<*s below that of Inn: year being 4,000,000, against 4,600,000 bales. Of this four million bales the South has already sold to the North and to Europe about 1.000.000 bales, leaving about 3.000,000 bales in the country unsold, on which, allowing for theforgotten his strenuous opposition to their union. But foe past may not apply to the present.and the constitution therefore needs to be over- are designing or involuntary traitors, theirhauled and amended, and the government re- doings are equally productive of mischief. constructed to suit the spirit of the age. The The great work of Italian liberation was notday for patching up difficulties has passed. We fought for merely in order that the liberated have now to meet them face to face, and, from country should have a Solomon as its King aadthat the cause of Italian t time beset with no tri- romanee and enthusiasm, most brilliant success, which opening of the campaign, have ;and.now tho hard work of organi*-LOSSW AT TH1 SOrTH.ing dirt upon the government of the new king-windy, vacillating, terror-stricken. So we look have interests that coincide strongly with hisin vain towards the seat of government, where own, ami there is no faction more likely thansmall politicians occupy but do not fill the high his to foment discord by libels and in-places in the nation. Nevertheless, we do not trigue, and even produce anarchy and civfl $2,000,000 more, we wfll have the sum ofpolicy in Europe, and may occasion the Ital-ians Home slight displeasure, for they have not committee on foe state of foe Union ladespair. The time for a great reform in this war. The levity and agitation now being$20,000,000. The South has invested in rail- road shares, bonds, stoeks, city and county and other public securities, about $700,000,000.permanent session, and foe practical statesmen of the country, believing that this committee understand the subject better than y>fJoa- gress, and that the HXXALD is a better or-correspondents at London, Paris and Naples.The steamship North Star, from Aspinwall 5th government has arrived. The old parties displayed in England against the dynastic unityInst., arrived at this port yesterday morning. She which have from time to time ruled us with a of Italy are strange as coming from a people brought upwards of a million dollars in treasure. rod of iron have fallen to pieces, and even entertaining a nominal love for freedom aadThe chief object of the decree is to reconcileon which there has been a depreciation on the the existence of the empire with the popular gan for communicating wifo the people, haveHer advicesfromour Pacific possessions have been the republicans, who have just succeeded in anticipated by the overland express. routing the debris of the democrats and oldThe North Star brings no news from any part of whigs. already show signs of early dissolution.South or Central America, except New Granada, That their leaders are altogether incapable to and the intelligence from that quarter is verymeagre and unsatisfactory, Whether Mosquera is cope with the dangers which menace the coun- Britain a short distance of the capital, or complete- try is evident by their dogged silence and as- ly hemmed in by his opponents, in the province of sumed indifference. We have, it is true, Causa, are questions that cannot yet be answered. speeches in plenty. Union meetings have been She sensation produced by affairs at home is re- held in various places, and numerous concilia- presented as intense among the American residents tory propositions have been made; but these On the Isthmus, and on board the various vessels are evidences of the existence and the im- composing the Pacific squadron. 45ne officer has portance of the crisis rather than remedies forindependence. Popular opinion seems to be little concerned about liberty unless associated with some party doctrine or personal prefe- rence. A united Italy under a single govern- ment seems a thing altogether too prac- tical to please the socialists and republi- cans of the present day. An Italian capital at Rome would be looked upon with more favor than the same at Naples or Turin, and such like trifles influence the public mind. If Garibaldi had proclaimed himself King of Naples, the probability is, notwithstanding the unconstitutional nature of the act, that heaverage of ten a fifteen per oent This gives rights of representative government more fttily sent us numerous plans, far sounder and wiser a loss of from $7,006,000 to $10,500,000, show- than heretofore, and the concessions, made with than those proposed in the House of Represen-another baa deolared his intention of doing so at state of things will be improved until some would have been sustained in it, and an early day.sooner than we were led to anticipate, wewfll forward them by Adams' Express, at ourThe United States steam frigate Niagara, with steps are taken to reassure the public confi-been actually more popular than Victorare all the more prepared to give it own expense, hoping that they may shed somea hearty welcome. The Chamber of rays of light upon the thick darkness whioh Deputies will henceforward possess the right seems to brood over foe second session of foeto vote an address in reply to the unnual impe- Thirty-sixth Congress,rial speech on the opening of the Chambers.Thi> will have a tendency to make the Minis- WHAT ARE rax POLICE FOB?—There is hardly ters subordinate to the wfll of the majority. a crime of any notoriety committed in foethe Japanese Embassy en boardr arrived at Bata- ri» onthe 90th of September, en route for Japan, having made the passage from Loando, a distance Of eight thousand miles, in forty-six days, without atop ping TL letters of our correspondents, pub- lished in to-day's paper, describe the voyage of the Niagara, and the reception of the Japanese bythe Hatavian authorities.The bids for 1275,000 of Croton water stockdence in the stability of the government On•rere opened yesterday at the Comptroller's office. a. hit of them is given in to-day's money article. It wiQ be observed that while city six per centthe national legislature, nor the party politi- cians, who have raised a demon which they can-not to argue.At Naples the King has personally adminis- tered a check to the insolence of the city mob, and his refusal to dismantle the fortress shows that he looks forward to it as a shelter to hiscot u in the country is estimated atbu In Is; here there is a loss of $10,000,000.Pork bas fallen three dollars per barrel; the looked upon as the key to foe freedom of average crop at the West to come forward, iscst:mated at 250,000 barrels, which gives a lossthe contrary, the country will be plunged still Emanuel is now, such was the prestige bushel, call it ten/ a loss of about $360,000 deeper into the mire. of his name and the affectionate interest with The supply of flour in the interior of the Northwhich he was regarded. Thus much are peo- is estimated at about 15,000,000 to 20,000,000 In view of tins state of things, the question ple led by an idea. Fortunately, Piedmont. barrels, which gives * decline of $15,000,000There is only one man in the Unitedor truckle to the uu ofKto*iATwB Sirslearn by the Asia that five districts were in a state of siege, and the utmost uncertainty pre-lard, 4c. The wool grown by the free States of thetion, under foe auspices of Napoleon III., ofJ>'ain. By .Lincoln ", and titan anyrecovering from two years'short cropsembarrawment would, with its presendant harvest, have obtained a dollar %W0mora for flour, twenty centsand ten cents more for corn,at par, would have recovered its position.all this, and more, too, has been sacrificed to needay last, for solving foeLae lost on cotion r^nd other property; rLr of a stronghold within his own donrra South poin*t back ppnin to the North and tell-.position maintained in foe Chicago plat- pnMfered in the Paris Moniteur, and which we form, that there a n to be no more slave States,ions. It is possible that Victor Emanueland his advisers may have done in igno-rance what was injudicious; but we mastremember that the position was one ex-her of the great fall in stocks the cloning of factories the turning adrift b"r Liborer*. to starve 'he fall in flour, grain, iron wool and otl'r products. Each seem\ content to stiff-and thai neither Congress, nor courts, nor a15. # M f t l P L E9 he IHcaslroua JEffibet «f the ffat lonal prosperity as before Lincoln's election, oar ^threatening Mr.Cats kshe would have prepared it differently. One' W o r k tor word led to another, until they mutually com- and North may by these estimates be stated sition to the votesJ»menced destroying the furniture of tho house;he pitched the crockery, with tho dinner, intothe street; she followed this movement bythrowing a ter it a tea set and workstand; hothen pitched out centre tables and mahoganychairs, when she foliowed suit with a pier gbro.thus:—em State, and to the votes and wishes of nearly uo-tnirds of the people of the whole Unioa.One aggression followed another, each strivingw government aad providing for a to see who could destroy foe greatest amount Wheat at tide water, New York.*.• • • • M l * • • » •them art self-contradictory, and some of foesa are intended to aggravate the already intolera- ble grievances of the Soul10.090,000 bushel of chaff and rubbish by any amount of 10,000000760,000 riddling aad sifting. There appears tob#a general ignoranceof thecase tobemet,ff> wilful ignoring and evasion of foe difficulties.national existence has to be under-oriotts exploits Of the ItaUan liberator ightedwithapleasurepersonaltohim- ilethe applause with which his actions received enhanced the happy conditions which he fought for an object not only grandandnobletohimself,buttoahundred millions beside, who encouraged him with their sympathy. But no such glorious and popular labors await Cavour and Farini, whose onlyflow at ties water, Mow Tort*...Own at tide water, New Y ork.... • • • • • • • • • »• •$1,000.000 800.000 300000 of proj erry. till finally foe indefatigable broker Flour in the interior. • • • • • • • • a « • • 20.000,000ripbts. and commence the world anew, under can doubt that they will be realized, if not far$,000,00*ritira..........a. i••• •*•••• 10,500SOS bungling, ••-**n1hsg and absurd. Some ofDepreciation in lands and negroes » • • • • • • e <.$180 600,000Atdifficulty, however smaU. that may not b'. in abstractions about which fanatics and dema- pair its effect Congress cannot compel these ticn in^o the most fatal and disastrous result* n Himonizlng the two divided sections of the change their sentiments. The States foem-and there is no misunderstanding*however se ecratry by mnnal concession and forbearance. selves mast do itricus, that may not be: soothed down "and ami (•»n th»' country afford to suffer further depre- The chief obstacle that lies in the way of cabiy adjusted by kind words and mutual con ch'tion of all her material interests? reconciliation is the policy to which the repub-tremely difficult to deal with: and no rightminded man would withhold censure from w! ill- iu>ured that t\<vother isNil^o on tl»e m ek ml v do the articles of this decree show that his to Congress to afford this protection in accord-difference on sterling exchange, the losshas been, since Lincoln's election, about oneand a quarter cents per pound, or six dollarsper bale—making an aggregate loss of $18,000,- it is probable, wfll influence French referred to the Committee of Thirty-three. 000, to which, if we add the depreciation onrice, tobacco, naval stores, Ac., of probablyNow, in the HERALD office there is aing a total of $30,500,000. Add to this the pro- that view, can hardly be overrated. It wasnothing more than the people of France and two hundred, precludes foe possibility of $150,000,000, and we have a grand total of deserved thus to be brought to a familiar un- publishing them, for tbey would ffil tweaty$180,500,000. derstanding with their sovereign and govern- numbers of the HERALD. But they are at foe Now, what has the North lost? Since Lin- ment, and the advantage wfll be mutual. The service of the committee—very appropriately coln's election ? Flour has fallen one dollar per necessities of the empire, in which foreign and calk d "perilous" by foe reporters—and if Mr. barrel. There are in this city and Albany domestic, spiritual and civil interests are daily Corwin intimates to ns that he desires to availabout 1,000,000 of barrels, giving a loss of ber cm ing more complicated in the life of its himself of the information which they contain,$1,000,000: There is a stock of wheat in this citizens, required such a provision for its per-bable depreciation on lands and negroes oftatives. Their number, which is between onerecurs, to whom must we look for relief? We Tuscany and Romagna place implicit confi- to $20,000,000. The supply of wheat in the in- The reports of the sittings of foe Senate andhave shown that there is nothing to be hoped dence in the new King of Italy, whose army is city that does not furnish evidenoe of the in-for from the present Executive, nor being swelled fcy men who come to fight and of $10,000,000. The supply of old and new in the Moniteur. and also in all the otherriably happens that the men who can do most in t ecu ring the arrest of the criminal, and in tracing up circumstances whioh might succeed in convicting the guilty party, are never em- ployed in this service in cases of murder like that which shocked foe entire community on Friday of last week. It is presumable that foe most efficient portion of the force is foe detec- tive corps; yet we never find them employed,as they are in London and Paris, and other large cities of Europe, to follow up foe tracks of a murderer, by tracing him step by step in the commission of foe crime, wifo that sagacity and knowledge of human nature which they are supposed to possess, thus rendering ample service to foe community.Tbis daty one would suppose is the special province of a detective fores such it certainly is in other capitals; but in New York foe de- tective policeman appears to be the special servant of private citizens, who may have lostmoney or property by theft, burglary or pocket picking, and who can afford to pay for its re- btoration. We rarely, if over, find a criminal convicted and punished by the exertions of a detective officer, but it is very common to see stolen property restored by his influence, a share of which it is to be presumed he receives, perhaps in foe shape of expenses, or on someother pretext Now we contend that as human life is infinitely more than property of any kind, theof the moat active branch of foe polios force should be devoted to its protec- tion, and not left to foe — i " ^ aad inefficient patrolman, an bas b e t s dona in the case of the late Twelfth street homicide, and indeed in almost every other ease of mur- der. In this instance, although foe police, per- haps, did all they were competent to do, coa- stituted as they unfortunately are, It was foa newspapers, and not that body to wheat foa protection of oar citizens is especially entrust ed, that secured foe suspected party; bat if foe detective force aad taken the master prompt ly in hand, foe arrest of the alV*g*d criminalterior is estimated at 60,000,000 bushels; loss foe Legislature are to be published in eztenso efficiency of the police force. It almost inva-North, according to the census of 1850, amountedvailed as to whether the disturbances wero to 37,827,000 pounds. It was larger this year; more for the material progress and best inte-caused by the royalists or Mazzinians, or both but let us call it the same. The decline hasrests of France than any other French sove- reign—or, for that matter, than all foe French sovereigns put together. Examples of constitutional liberty have not been lost upon the prisoner of Ham. whose foreign policy, mi- litary victories, ecclesiastical repressions and commercial re fornu> alike proclaim his fitness and his strength to control the destinies of the empire 9ver which he pra&ides as sovereign guardian. He has now nothing to fear for foe stability of his throne. He has the sympathy of the army and the people, and, having put down the Bourbonists and Orlcanists, he en-joys a prestige which makes his name a power, and that power essentialsto the welfare and glory of France.RESIGNATION OF GBNKUL CASS.—WaU street was greatly agitated yesterday by the intelli- gence of foe rosignation of General Cass of bis position in foe Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan as Se- cretary of State.There Were two grounds on which his resig- nation was based. One WHS that a meeting of foe Cabinet having been held the day before to consider foe propriety of sending troops to reinforce Col. Anderson's command at Fort Moultrie, foe question was decided in the negative, as there was no intention on foe part of South Carolina to make any attempts en the fort at present, and that it might only com- plicate tho present difficulty and precipitate civil war. Tho ofogjp ground was that* the Northwestern democrats were in favor of coercion, and that, therefore, Gen. Cass, hailing from that section, was of foe aame opinion.astute, amounting to millions. The assessedvaluation of real and personal estate in this out, have made city alone amounts to nearly $#$0,006,000. for Victor Emanuel aad his Wifo a foil of only twenty-five per cent the loss aadhave onthiswouldbe$150,000,000. Extend thisto Of foe country and cities of all the free States, and then let us count the cost of fanaticism, ifbeen entirely with the liberator. Buthiswith-i t which moreUntitled DocumentrltSr wo>Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069>C-leaat* *^ble—say about $160,000,000 more at100,000,000Frenchmeasure of great significance, and may bejournals,daily. This last is athe press in France.whom it cannot but be said that he has done10,010,000The Fugitive Slave law is dwelt upon lamost of foe propositions m foe chief trouble.shan*. .....777. 102,090,00© BvttheSouthernStatesdonotanregarditprinted yesterday, together with the Englishen ! French opinion thereon. Territorial L*-gislature, aer any number of foe": het Louis N«roleon b?.s made a step in the people, can protect foe pioperty of a mister io!! dheetion by tLe course of conduct he has in the labor of his slave in any Territory ofnr*« pu-d. no one will be disposed to deny. Not the United Slates. Now, it is quite competent<* j nasty is secure, but that they will tend to make sace with the letter and spirit of the constitu-it Ktfll purer and more popular. It wfll con- tion and foe. principles on which the Unioa wastilmte the people, extend the liberty of the established—the equality of all the States, aadpress, and promote the cause of freedom and the equal right of the citizens of all to settlefood p-ornrnTrrnt in France more than any with their property in the common territory of'cimer act of the present Emperor. The the Union. Why do not the republican repre-decree Announces changes in the constitution sentatives offer this sovereign remedy for dis- • and composition of the Imperial administration. union T It needs no change of foe constitu-Oarposed In the House of Represent^^^^^ www.fultonhistory.comHad things remained in tho same progressiveIt it oTideut foot foe trouble in Washingtoa) would Tory probably aot have been left to 