 J••>*• a*a*at*a• ••«••••••• ^ ^•*•••••a*••mJaP —U.i*l- ^•• _ ,V M Hgorf snbswc ^^T^*.."WwMktog upjtigkt, 4c.the atcrmy " Ahjerme War" of 1843, under thewho previously infested daily their Sanbary.}m<m and Jalape, ! ^ t ^ ^ ~ - « ^ E a•» ••^r^ ^i^^^iu J^^toid I am authorised by* wholly untrue.Mr. Anaan fpragueadministration of Gov. Dorr, when cnanonf were broughtout, •eldiers kept under arms, and priaonera incaroeratei!by the bmvJrod tor parttotpating la that rebellion. RhodeWand baa aenr area anything like the fever of excitemeat which la throbbing through every artery of the•btto at the preaent ttaae. From centre to eireumrerencnthe whole commmuty hi in a condition of political toobrtoty. Baatoeaa, beyond a aeaeanary routine, u abnoat Banes and to be sure of an election. The only straight•»•»* .* to*anth aoatto *"" ***j"*....?*,',B. "Jf^^"* ****"SeasItefmo*<"••*J**tbantSan.StnsnwnwAiWby two ntsn bu- aelling r a n to the•'he turns, whose editorZ^m. P ay oar* scuugnt in tan ntrttag * ^ S totoeliterate,tMtg-M. ionthetthofSB the ap •oraballotboxtoanomaly of ttus campaign, after that of the coalition, is that upon both the conservative aad the straight out tickets two gentlemen, namely, John R. Bartiett, the Secretary of State, and Samuel A. Parker, theGeneralTreasurer,areaofortunateattohavetheir:<* the l"tH«aj*ilafthailOoarnuani; inpenis g which w'll then be pitted against each other There it another reaaon tor this From urns immemo rial there baa been within this State a band of rabid abo liitoiiiets who believe in the irreverent abuse of the coaamotionandtoeUnion,andapplaudtotheechothehave been as conservative as any man in the party de- sires, and tbe only regret expressed a that be has allowed himself to get into such miuudngly bad companyThe Grand Strike aadthe Stricken. LYNNsmjunsFIRMASHIGHnoes—A VOICE mtoaI find that, out of pugilistic aretes, the prevailing opinion of well informed people is at variance witu to* odds, and I continually bear it said that "the willwin." Tooth,strengthandstaturemoatbe nythey,andtheyaddthatitoonaotalandtotheir little man, battered and wurn out by training ae beiis* taitowag autame 1inwCny bvpecair,wtoL — r ' the contract —;toaiMr. Baratow was formerly Mayor of ProvMenre.aatrongtemperenee man, when .that subject was made one of theissues of the day, and haa always been more or lees Iden-tiBed with tne aoetition movement He waa one of the Bitten—fully as much, if not more so, than the retiring principal speakers of the John Brown sympathizing meet officer.I*. 11i the boars orseven A M. aad srx P. M. of eash and 1 my, Sundays excepted.wouldreserveseventyfivetentsperweekfromthe amount he earned for h a own support, giving tbe balance to the causeTbe lower trantverse road is BOWto a n , and, with the exception of a single bridge, is couplet*. The second (orinhim that be once aaid " the name of William Lloyd Garri- son would live in memory long after those of Clay and Webster had sank into oblivion."rations of tbe female strUTers atone tbe beginning of. the movement, announced to tbe meetian that he should re- tire from active part in the striae; M P it would still havehis warmest sympathies. I learn t a n tbe ladtea have sa tected a young man named laglis, a t tne successor ot Oliver. He a represented to be well quaohed for tne poSayers rises from h a virtuous couch a t six o'clock in themorning,andnunafterstartsouttoraquietwalkof three miles, or thereabouts, reluming leisurely to ha habitation. A t eight o'clock breakfast a announce*:, lor which the champion a BOW ready. The meed a plain, cousating. ae a general thiDg. of mauon chops, (with the addition, occasionally, of eggs,) witiifa single cup of strong tea. tbe proper strength of which Bayers is allowed to be the judge. After having numbed breakfast, be takes a rest of an hour or two, the time being enlivened by the telling of anecdotes by Bob Fuller. Sayers now and then,, if * • as*Ntw H i v n , April 3 - 8 F . M. •Ska niaifl i n of the U-they are aufficientiy "aauoaai' to satisfy the most en thufeiattic paftiren. Tbe border * tbe red, white aad blue, arranged >u the (aahion of the stripes, aad in the centre is the American eagle, surrounJed ny the thirteen stars, with tbe arched inscription over it, ot "clay the best mantwin.'' These colors are faraished by Mac-aete) m the action of tbe Coccmua Council necessitates a BMxhftcatMn of tbe programmeOptrauons bad to view may be divWOd under the fol- lowing heacs:—WALES.The walks of the lower park arc very nearly coaipVedA considerable addition a to be made to the Bambte in a north westerly direction, and come walk*are to be con- structed on the Kighth avenue aloe, connecting with and extending those already completed, so u to form a turn tinocuswayfromFiftyninthitrret>oEightytix>b street on the west site. Tha. with the new Bambte walks will add about a mile to th* walks already in a n wtuen are intended to be Bnahed toa mmaaer.THE RAMBLE. TheRambleduringthenextmonthwillbemuchcatanfor the parpoK of laying water panes which a a contract^aa^eaa^mwrnmaatfarT h e l r * T d o ram to dinerent parte af the city, been greatly dampened, however, sinse ilanttoa, and they tot* toa letuier upon of their loaaee. the remarkableEohtery issue three parties have taken the field, namely: the Btraig!.t cut republicans, the conservative repablicana, and the national democrats.Therepublicanconvention,calledtochooseacandidate, assembled on the 4th et January tact, aad nominated Mr. acih Padelford, but before the proceedings had gone far it was discovered that a portion of the delegates had been bought up, body and soul, to support a nominee who did not represent the political aeatunentt and principles of the party. Theresultwaathatnearlyalltheprincipalmernumber of six hundred or more, accompanied by a band of music After showing themselves before several manufacturing ettabliehments, to show the bosses, ae theyaaid,"thatUievbadnotcavedin,"tbejours pro- ceeded to their old quarters, Lyceum Hall, where a stir- ring meeting was held.only in case of victory by those whose credit is good enough to be treated in that wa?, while applicants with out credentials pay their guinea down, and have it res- tored to them m ca>>etheir champion lose. Nat ijag^tm hastbepublicBaleofourchampion'sinsignia, andOwen Swii*. has tbe charge for Sayers. A good many of thane emblems have already been diapoeed of by both parties, and the winner will probably realize a very handsome audition to the staktn Another source ol profit, aad a very targe one. will be the income of tbe railway tram, and seats at tbe arena on the day of the battk In the fight be. ween Sayere aad Brattle tha harvest yielded the riandanme sum of 83,000,OF•dec. £ The ocntracMr ahafl oxunthe surfseoof al Hartford.................. 8,863879mej. a awt8,753 teg beid In this city, and on that occasion gave utterance Mr. P-iram. SRWAED found fault with some of the pre- to the sentiment which has been so often quoted; namely. ceding speakersthat tbe « gallows apon which John Brown was hung wa* SHALL A *F«W CROAKEH0 KILL THE CAFSE ?• . tames, and alleys, and all gatton,, buds or tlipa, public landn andanon, New Haven..... i n mads of the pubtta merketa.to he thoroughly v» w T /M»«W»MIT as sacred aathe cross, and that he saw no more impropriety Mr. GBONOX A. HJVWLEY, af HaverniU. aaid if tbe jours in turn. regaling Bob Wish a laughable yarn. At the con I'poc tbe upper Park, The slow optrations of the Croton"i, and aQ dirt, ,» sweptup,tobeman alldirt,nam rreryamd, tone raaaorea from«*».•.-»-gal •*OjaavS Uaaanu* wBaflTSaVhe. 4 the aaid wediai 1m ahull cause *>he removed ite street*, to tight carts, all aahen, farhaan, rub- md cwreptaga of every kind, which amy ha deliver- >»*».* matamyhepausedtoiaaaelanpoathe ida. or m the front area of. or upon the upper a n a !uv iaeiloa hoaat, stare or auaBc builaing, be-**»^| M B ^ S.•a.•a••a•aa.aaa^,*^*a»j Failatam •••aaaa. a.a...... a ."-*•• iViaSfl....aa. ..-.a »•.XaBilil aafttillBeejta , a. .a •»»»a. ...•.:• WMWa^^a^^ Iatehtald (toneenpletoj —1,973ami. 1JUCinpayingtributetohismemorythantherewasinaChris- tian•«bowingreverentlyinmemoryoftheSaviour."thouMnowgivein,theywouldbeworseorfthanever. Heurgedthemnot to allow n few croakerstokillthe cause. Mr.H madeaomereferencetotheimproved stateofthe busmen in Haverhill,which was received with apptetae.elusion cf mis mirthful repast the champion goes out for ha long walk, which be terms tbe "sweating process.'' The distance covered in thfe pedestrian excursion is from twelve to fourteen miles, during which the champion car ries a seven pound dumb bell in each hand. By the time be gets through with this performance and returns home, it is twelve o'clock. He M then rubbed dry with hard towels, next washed witn cold water, and again rubbed vigorously with dry towels, which brings tbe blood to tbe surface of the akin, and gives a clear and healthy glow to the cuticle. Fuller now pun on the finishing uusnes like a ckiifu) painter, and to attain this end be dona a pair ofBoard, ana of t h a Special Commission, will, therefore, eader the Park of no use to the public north of Eighty ixth street, during tne next two years. The roa>la of thelower Park will be extended this summer from Seventy- ninth to Eighty sixth street, on each aide, and tbe Bridie read will probably be made complote u far north n F'trftty sixth atreet Its further progrtu will be depend- ent epon tbe progren of operations npoa the new reservoir. The reads of the lower Park will be interrupted during most of tbeTHE TRAK8VER8E ROADS.opened for traffic to the course o tbesummer The Eighty sixth and Ninety seventh streets roads, which will take all tbe travel between Yorkville aad Manhattan- ville. and are much aeeded for the accommodation of toe traffic of toon through tnburba, will probably be com- mencedmtowcountofaaionth,andmadereadyforan ia another year.BRIDGES AMD ARCHED WATS.The iron bridge aaaaaottog the terrace with the ramble,wbteh, to its tostsnptote state, has b u n used by th* publie during the winter, a rapidly aanunuag tot final chapeat the hanus cf the contractors. A permanent flwr remains to be added, and one or two inferior castings whteb BOW mar its graceful fines are to be replaced, h will be finished before Jane. A timber bridge, in tbeSwasstyle,over*nanowanaoftbelake, to the north of the granite arch, will beav-f.Broaching fight will double or treble that amount B will be arranged, however, before tossing for toe choice of ground, that than avails shall be equally divided between each man, without regard to tha reanlt of tbe main event Each, therefore, Is certain, whethertbe Ramble wi'l be entirely restored by tbe first of June. Twenre rustic bird boxes have just been placed in the trees at the Ramble Tbe but, built tost year for the sccommoOAtion ot women visiting tbe Ram bl-. b u just been opened n d contains water cloaeta, con ventences for washing. Ox.; bot water cannot be laid on until tbe Cretan Board agrees to supply what m imoacury for the convenience of the public generally on the Park. A female attendant will b e found a t lb* hut during tin day, whotonet allowed te receive feu or gratuities i*r any servten which todtos may require af bar. Several urinals and t aumber of temporary etoaoto tor t i n conve- nience of men, wul be floon established on th* ParkROADS—THE rrTER FAEX.No considerable addition to ton carriagecan be made until the work upon the CroReservoir a completed, a a d t h e surplus mate-rial of excavation which has been depositedupon the Park (heaps of whieh extend over its wrjo-ewidth) b u been annate of. This cannot now be hopedfor thto year, but it a supposed that arrangemente may bemade which will allow the road bed* to be graded toayt*-, -a»«l «CtC. 9•• *• •*»»«• #KaW« ka ,-»•*«**. -».,<r*JTA-M* A y *\T. ton of the road upon the upper Park la in an advanced>tate, but cannot be extended until tbe proposed ad iitioa to tbe Park b u b u n made. Ac nothing has publicly ireaspire* with regard to tbe Special Ctatmtecioa having this duty m charge, it to impossible to an:; cipate the completion of any portion of the workMT tunMi •nil mis tag hi from «v*rythud t h * I'limliM—• have carried Governor Buckmgbnm, OK present I1 am not pot able to turn tha ] The LegiBiatwe is ate republican, five» l^_ ^•_»_a» tjrrnathenumiNe QCAitTas— -1ACE MACDONALD. OFat Winchester, the countyM, has) Salisbury, a cathedral citynot, tawwnt, be Imagined that dmof the aamtty chant above mentioned to the prtrend> Of aha Ultimas o f Sabebury, or even of the magisterial officials who nrued thewarrant for the Boy's arrest One of she" ton* Bar and ha friends of toaintended arrest, sad another volunteered toe a n of hie for htm to make h a escape the more rapidly Oneadvantage attendant on their new quarters wOl be in the getting rid of the intolerable nuisance of the crowds of viWe learn from WOte*' Spirit tfbnhada meeting with the traineroftheJack Macdonald, that the latter entertains a vary nigh opinion of Heenan's pugilistic qualities. He states that Macdonald expresses to* ntmnt conudence in Heeoan, and rtpifsutt hto condition to be all that could be de- desired,downtothisdate. Hebaatriedhtmtoevery way, and saj s be now feels quite at ease about th* danger piedteted by " El Hakim concerning the slumbering fire in bin system, which it was feared severe training would arouse. H e finds him tractable and obedient, and spanks with enthusiasm of the nstwr to which he stands tbe sharp bruahca he givee him up the bill*. It Mhas belief he will be able to remaia with Sayere longer than tbe champion will want to'siav, aad in the end to beat him at ha own game. Macdonald, of course, don not use such words n tha at large, on the contrary, he looks modeat, speakswelloftus man;butrather concedestoth*conn deuce of the other taction By retuateg to accept tee odds ofaixto tour on Sayers. and ollenug to lay outaatueif the six be raised to seven. Hat confidence in Tinman'i —fimh-t and staying powers, however, are staunasnehj exnibited by his being willing to bet at even that to* figat wul h a tbjwsver the battle a n y go. After it m daetted and: whether Iwinor ten. I teak it knMy Iany pay avan to America, and if I do, I win a person thank ItoAnart-i tor the liberality af reehng aad great goad will toat you maty toto h navunhmtto ansa sawn, I n -A| of n nBobTtava Ontbefirst< of theirw n santoninitog the most abject < TravMbaainducedhimtotrytorttnevehnkatl with BrettM, and although general opinion a in (to Brattle, leiMacahaeiV be eould only : Oftan woThe most friendlyand the match a sun]pugilistic superiority 1John Monaghan. n d Grtbbin by .The former taku a benefit to th*morrow evening, when he will show h a akill te the t i tof thegtovu to n nt-to with BUI Cterke, af Loadu CTM«ImMt-..J__Ja_..«_ a-——-* -8tfa• ^I—_-*- SrYCas. DwUawfrwMI a w O U ^ n M l unFwnBuY f W m agwnsatoO 0 B wnVanfight whichtakesplaceonthenthinstTHE CENTRAL PARK.is ttonOssnufinsj anaanaaoar*We a y before *ur readers a minute account of the Coatool Park, a s present condition a n aprovemente. ansa *f which, however, atom b e ,on account af tbaoondition of t i n treasury ofPark Cbmirntton, wbteh is ao tow at pruaat that Mton been deemed inexpedient to ugage to s a y operations al presentexcept suchn areaeasusry forthe;tten of parts already completed or a n well i preparatory te the mason work, wbteh moat be i menced early te the summer aad ,»roaeeuted steadily withu manymenu nn beputon.inardor toplaceto* work before next winter beyond poatibte injury by tint.THE WOKKMJW.The nominal force of workaaen to aoaaewhat over 1.800at preaent, although only about Uuare ateaddy *a*»i«*«d.Thewholeforce,however,oouUbeputatwortwiteatwentyfourhoursafterauthorityabouu:begivenbytheto go anead with to* work. The >>aua»>*ioaaf aha.The republicans of thia city are to-nighttheir dearly bought victory. The Wide Amthird of whom are boya, are oat to torchlightto the number af aanran or eight hundred, cannon are he- tog trad apon Iha green, ana pyrotechnic displayscated the violation of the constitution and toe Uaion, andis a practical abottttoniat of the darkest dye. Upon this Tbe strikers turned out in procession yesterday to th» dcnald to Heenan's partisans at a guinea each, payablei from Coanectioat are yet eamtoetel From• t Broadway, frtn the Baton j to Foarteenth the hgnrea now before an, the btoak republicans have their vote wil! be much larger than t* has been since thet.anti oe twent, daring the night, and before therttecvuA.«..oaceeverytwentytearhoara,Park carriedtheStele bya reduced majority Avaryheavy•w oatnam atreet. Bowery to Grand atreet.Pahon vote waa polled, and the greatest excitement prevailedcampaign of 18&d. It waa then 6,580, againet a npubii-course, tbe morning exercise has given him a keen appemi areaowey. Cort aadt atreet. Wall atreet, maitoaW atreet, and Grand atreet, earn tramway, tbnu h e twee* ssrvon nmea m eachaha nanvaaa, hat the rural daatrtote, where thed effects of the John Brawn raid are not yetfrom 7.M30 votes, and, added to the 3.500 votes which theyexpect from the conservative republicans, it wiil enablethe combination to give a handsome majority in favor ofof the proxeediBga, in consequence of a lady, Mrs. Abigail Rhodes, a spiritual medium, falling into a trance. While in the entranced state, the spoke eloquently in support of the lady strikers, and implored them for their own sake*,•niit,<—~Mr ELLIOTT,one of toe editors of tbe3rue flap paperAwordortwonewofdescription.SsthPadelford(or SibliehedtoBoston,madeaspeech,domedingallant walkottourorfivemilesovertbeheath,andthenre•at fHtaBm Mgtohal BW4awBawft- Bat' ''VaVtattawaaT wSawmal: »*>work,orifemaaaaalhtheaaenaI Hehtar aaaOl aat gaaaat aajan whrnataai*c 13 Thetaaa ameaan intea, of two 1aertoramnaaef nmaiad by m eA Barrnj n a Cnr <*J raUraadaf100 ,m a,ow 1,6*8 M * ttapoamerai aaf twodollars, and a consequently able to bleed freely better put in a woman. (Renewed laughter ) New, the in a vital part as be baa already done, and, as I learn, he asked, if every lady here will not stitch, bow long before'has expreteert his wiUingneea further to do, to almost any tbe bill of wages will be signed textent laoaiji to secure his election. Heto a devout VOICES—"Three weeks"'—"three days!'', April g, 1800. wonbipper at the ehrtee of Mammon, and since money Mrs Snows—It would not be tong, I aanre you. If tbe that be expresses his intention of visiting thai countryThe!A TRANCE QMGBS BOLDING Ol T. ner at two o clock. Tha meal consists of roast bee:, Lut evecing a large matting of itnnte striken waa held rout or boiled mutton, varied from day to day. Ofimporiar.ee of the occssioc. The inner man satisfied with a one allowance of plain but wholesome food, a "seanm of rest'' a indulged ID—the champion being permitted to use h a own juugment u to the requisite length cf timeit, earried the day The democratic gate, however, T H atreeto,laawa,aBrta|tojw.em*raeadte the amvtoat year, at ever eleven hundred.their nominee- Such is the general Interest which prevails among all classes, that probably twenty thousand and for the soke of their hatbands and fathers, naotners, for the siesta—at tbe ex jiratioc of which another walk of•S,^L^t^SiA IbaVauTSLS•at Can*, aawto, warn nc»mawwj, u w « •«" ~ ~5the telegraphic despatches will permit THK POFTLaUt sujonrrigs.votes will be brought out :n the ensuing election—the sisters and children, to hold oat until their nine or ten mites a prescribed, to thick clothing, which, largest number which ban been cant for many years. In aims had been ac4»mphnbed. Tha episode on returning home, is immediately changed for a dry furtherance of thai object ample arrangements in the bad a marked effect upon the audience, which w n com flannel suit Thus wean the day along, and from the. toshape of conveyance* and supplies have been provided by both parttot, and all the eMtoaaflain the country will be raked oat, toted to the petto, and benevolently compen sated for the spasmodic patriotism with wbteh they will exerctoe the glorious prttikge^jf American citteene.pond of from 1,600 to 2,000 doaro trodden remain, exas- perated at the treatment they had received lrom their employers.Mr G. A. ILAWLET addressed the ladtea, in hit usual strain.boor of returning from the afternoon walk, generally about five o'clock, Tom ie muter of bis own time, and panes it as in his judgment may seem most fit and pro- per. The last meal is extremely simple, consisting of dry toast and tea, with, very frequently, a beaten egg or two in tbe latter. After resting sufficiently, be takes a gentlem i•thrtnrn. aanll heawept tojfte man- i a-• IftfiAa |ana.JaVnmm^ff"m««^i»/"'VaaaiasBBanW/amanaHatan nWwst •aaatswav* S^^mmH Wi iWtM w Wfr#nMPasmawjwa.EB).aamml^aWwi • • • • • • • • * • • • • • • • • • • * ^ * wW•avawmwVBan*»•••••••••••*••«••»torlttoaof one hundred and*Tbe taamtototJ ehmtkm at* J*T**V,**l»b(ioan, by 41 aaR cf the twenty -one ihave done their duty Politically, SetaPa Btttoornothing.Hebatonceortwicetarntolandertwstanoetothenecessitous.Jt^mwWmhNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, i860-TRIPLE SHEET.7X11,8811 , 8 *indication* of good Hvtng and good nature whieh prices, but that a not tbe idea. What they demanded for h a fight with Nat Lsngham, and he regret* he did aoto gentlemen of the orotrube-ant order, and by s o w u that tbe bosses should sign the bill of wagn Mrs. then, as he feels confident he lost that fight by listening"one whose charms would strike the eight or me B. then passed to a consideration of the behavior of the to the recommendations aad advice of others. The onlypossible in connection with tbe bridle road.meaced tn the course of a month they willn that toe bridle r u d may come into u u early ia the autumn One tunnel bridge a to be added te th* first, sad three are to be built epon th* second transoms road this turnmer. All but one ofspringing line of their arches.THE.1,SM Maw Bavan, AorJ 8.1800.ri»a win the soul. ' Socially, be Is represented to be a btend and amiebie gentleman-especially alnce his aom taattoa, bat entirely destitute of mat force of character wbteh without the valuable adjunct of dollars and oenw would to htm to fill any higher position than that which as a respectable dealer in domestic prodaeo, gruosrien, Ac ,joura during the strike, and aaid that thestrifcert badacted mare like gentle men than those who have acted aaSsnateta in our United States Senate. (Laughter andapplause ) She paid her respects to Mr. Edmundaoa, efVirginia, and Mr. Hickman, yl Iteinsjlvania, and said Vir-amusements h e really fanetes are cricketing and hunting,always including, of couree, fighting, whicn, he declaresbe "would sooner do than eat a good meai." In fast, topreparing himself for tbe great match which now ao en-grosses public attention, the champion of England de-penda on little or aothiog else than h a walks with Falter.While at Brighton be took salt, vapor and douche baths Tha atroetore will ho (he centre of all the-Oopatytoreatoamdaya John A Chry • hibaabecamearecognised leading element inelectionsorthe State, like many wealthy men, he doubtless imaginesthat any totog may be done by the liberal dabureementof geld, aad haa accordingly manifested a moat noble contempt for that useful article. The consequence a that nosecret h made or the fact that not only todividuata aadwhole delegations have been bought ap, bat that la tbeapproaching election naaney will be the ruling powerwbteh will decide the contest Voters are openly bought forces during the strike, resigned h a post He sa<d he, April 3, 1««0.M, Aart 3,1800.^ielected, by average ma-April 3, 1800.,am*1, April 8,1840.A Mr. TBAIBB, of Boatm, addressed tbe meeting, tohing a temperance view 01 the question.at tbe Gordon Hotel, in London, last Monday, u hasstruck me that you would not, perhaps, consider it testtime, after having come so far to look after "the bigmatch" you made between Hunan me, just to run downmosaic pavement and ceiling, which are very eteboian to ebi'mmic detail, m e fully prepared, and the marbte and the at wbicfc U ia to be composed wil! be ordered toa- meciatelv upon ti,e parscg» of tbe expected appropnanou bill of the Common Coandl. Tbe complete «tr^nrc,eaUreiy aaapeadad: employer aad emptoyad are work tog " might aad mala" in behalf of their respective canam neglected, and the entir*- men toa ahaarhtog awaaout and out democrat to the back bone, on either ticket, is Han. Walter B. Bergen, the conservative nomineefor attorney General. B will, therefore, be observed that while tbe democrats have some six or teven thousand votet, they have only one representative of the party ontton af'the day.The reaaoa of ail thia la evident.-^st against the four nominees from the conserva of their party. I only mentioned this to show uneven drrtotea than has been. So tor asRhode Island m one o the battle fleMa upon which are toktog place the prelimi nary skirmiahes of the greater forces which will range icgoodfeelinga contained, they a r e Mating a common asmgleiBwe,androoatmhannonyuponthe•am af contact in November next- The people are aware afthiaaadef the immense reeulte at stake. They knov that the gaae of the country is directed towards them,andNext Tuesday night, the eve of the election, will be one of the most eaeaing times ever witnessed to the State. Tbe public balls have all been bawd by tbe Padelford peo- ple, but meetings of their opponents are, nevertheless, to beton eobjectgain by their opponento of over fifteen bundead veto* In tola town atone, and a majority chants, mechaaics and business men of tne city, as well nip of the strike. He urged every man to begin to day toof near teven hundred—to be more than moderately ea- Their ehean are eapaciaUy feeble, and aiaraynwren of Idiet for the strike, and should en ao himsell. He thoughtwork. B wul be completed aad the tarf aad gravel hud, and it a expected thai the returns for the ap and trees and sbruba replanted, so that tbe beauty of*^m*9- ..lew-aaw-anm toto oouaey, which • the to the State, has nearly cwubtoi tot majenty—a reanlt which the demacxata now aanrsba to their neglect to n e t want tog more efficientBat1returntothelineofnarrative. Findingthatthetideofradicalismwhichbad bornebeforethepeoplethename of aeth Padelford as a sectional and ultra candidatewas likely to mandate the State, the national democratscalled a convention on the 18th o f February hart, aad fol-lowing oat tbe conservative policy of the bolting republi-cans, atoo put in nomination Col. William SpragueThey were careful, however , to their resoiu-OottO to state that, whereat an individual had Mr. JAMES THOMAS stated that he had taken out- workWindham»—Mr. Lsrww JOHSTTS, cf toe i.ynn Bay Stat*—a demo- cratic print— coo ace! led tbem to hold o u t H e read a a e x - tract from a Haverhill paper, which was received with marks of approbation.as manufacturers and termers in the country towns, whohad heretofore supported the republican State adminianan, rained a cry of appositem, and declare! they could he could bring htonalf down to living on three crackers anot vote tor a candidate whose aaaatoatton had been as day. and he hoped there were many other jours .who eared by rach a bare faced fraud. The conservative re cou'.d do haewise. Mr. D. said that six manufacturerspublicans accordingly determined to have anouwr and bad lately aigned tbe bill of waaee, malung twenty-fourmore contervative ticket, which would truly represent the in all.Col. William Sprague, of tato city.be proper tostate here, as an illustration of tiie of a portion of the straight out republican eon- it was preehtod over by Mr. Thomas Davit ' b y Mr. Amos C. Berstow, two noted aaoh- tionisrs of "the meat approved radical stripe The formerbad lived two daya on one tin tan full of flour. (Lead)A MOTION t«J DI8CONTTNCE THE STRIKE KXCfAS AUvMLT UMB. Amotion that One vote to bald oat be in other wordato daeoattoue th* strike, nA BROTH ERLT OFFER.speakera there, and aa under estimate of the strength of been put to nomination who bad endorsed and from a htm who had signed the bill of wages, and heat several points, to allow th*of permanent bridges in place of tbe present temporary ones. The construction or these bragee will permit seve- ral other improvements in the roads and walks.thtoeaaaaaaatoa.On the whale, nowever, they a m aatmned w.tn the re-sultAltarngaraa1,000tomyHertfordtetterto500.assisted to promulgate sentiments and doctrines who!! r would give it to any one who needed it more than horse hair gloves, and with these he gives the championtoooaatasmw with the principles* apon which the federal Union waa established. they overlook all other and leas importantquestionsofnationalandlocalpolicy,andaccept the tone wbteh is thus forced upon them They have asm since declared that they should not consider or claim hie election as a party triumph. In fact, the demo- crate could net carry tbe State by themselves, thoughcanvote of 11.467, and intoespringelectionorI860itap tor sums varying from five to e m hundred dollars, " > • "i of dollars will be paid at tbe poBstomen who will be, vittarmis, marched up to the ballot bos, and iowaidau for toe sublime consdenuoaeness withwas not only worn out to body, but be w u sick at heart He urged the ladies to organize a permanent society tor tneir mutual benent B but two thirds of the stitchers Should do ao, toe pavmeat of aa insignificant sum each per week would seen pace the association in apaiKB8 betoie aaother winter.aa l s )thoroughlyMentttedwith toatntrn- of the totonowB tbe travailingttrelyfeelingsofeaute he bad preventedoperatives upon his aultbyhnntotheirfamiliesferneitherofthemwerelean only be that upon these contests, though local to their character, held in a dona different parte of the city torn Corwin a an hour. He made three aueh bats teat night, aad aa*, depend to a n a m i w the victory or defeat of one of the announced to speak here then, bat h a addresses thua tor of ten pounds, w n staked by him in my pruneco.ismameasure sucrpeaded, aad every ear and TWO>dilated Lloyd Garrison. And though Rhode lalaad haa alwaysravingsofsuchmanaaWendellI'hiHipeaadWilliamTHK SPIRIT LAKD—A PYTHIAS DKSKRTS BIS DAMON MENT, ETC.L r n , Man., March 80, I860.lothaaBabMrbmf tOfNtt. IlAnde Miaau will be the thea- been'cg&servatlve, patriotic and prudent, to her relation!" — A PROCESSION—RXSOLCTK TALX— A NEW MOVE- to, and of the age Of thirty five, can contend with a freati cannot give this permttsmu. however uatH tbwv otwistre of a nutter oarasranaat |a>a— inns, aad publication tton a new anxiooaty concentrated upon the «Tent there which a to;s, spoken for thecoaatltattori and the Uaaon,to the rati of the country, the mania which commenced in the Kansas excitement of 1856 and culminated In the Sarper's Ferry maurrectim, John Brown's hanging. *ad other practical results of the irrepressible conflict tloctnnct of William H. Seward, developed the fact that ibe had within her burden a section*, party led by some of her moatprominent men, whose avowed and settled po- licy waa the overthrow of the institutions of the South, by force or fraud, by fair means or foul by any means at their command. The causer vahve feeling of the State has accordingly beenaroused, aad the pretent elee son brings op the•cane whether conservatism or radicalism shall prevail.In other words, whether a man shall be elected to thegubernatorial chair who endorsed the Helper book, advo-young Hercules like Heenan The fighting man, on Utair part, any that Heenan must be "a very bad 'an 11 be loan;" and, altogether, 1fancy that the betting is standaoditiotai funds. In toe meantime sal* about 80P aaea, on an average, can be employed. Over 1,*X0 a m are waiting permission to work, and their lawmen aad off, cera, who are temporally kept o* qnarter pay, report daily for oroers , it a impotetbw fo form a Inti ataa ef cperattone for the simmer ucui it a known at what time certaia kinds of work ran bt commenced, ft a sow too tale to undertake certain operattotM whteb were anadadjrST THE NIP OF TBS STBJKE—THREE CRACKERS A DAT. Mn Joas baion occupied the chair, and in the course ofharemarksheelatedthatthaw hadjaatcom*tothefeelings of the majority: and subsequently tw o cooaerva Mn. BESJ. WAHI> atoo advocated toning o a tiyettohaheardfMaa,itto1 uverepublicanconventionscelledheretheHowardHall ATIMCANFFLLOFKLOIRFORTBIMEN. bewinorlose,ofbeingabletoappreciatetneturtunesoft l •lawilfj will not he more thto regulate hiac U* a majority of iaad Young Iain's Stale Conventions, met and repudiatedthe nomination of Mr. Padelford, both on personal andpoirScal grounds, aad, without reference to existing parlyaattnciions,potinnuaaaaaatonfortheoffice ofGovernor, UnitedStain,bewaaoneoftenafUncleSam'smenwhoMx. U'N«U. upheld Mr. Dillon in h a three erackere a day suggestion. B e bad already been obliged to aeaaa- tom himself to a tew dtet What m the eervice of thethe day, and of being well paid for the pumnaalaag he geta.Tbe Fnglieh champion a in active teaming at his fa- voritelocality,Kewmnrket Heisaccompanied byha old traitor, Bob Fuller, who has acted m the capacity of trainer to a great number of tne principal pugilists; among whom were Ned Adams, Mike Madden, Bill H a y n , Alec Keen*, Tton Paddock, Nod Dually, Aaron Jonas and others. Sayers rejects altogether theothoaox system of training almost invariably adopted. H e n a n a * putttaa or dumb bellB. never ''fights tbe bag" or spars with any one, add discards in toto the numerous modern plans for developing the muscle. H is system o f training a thusin Haverbill—was receivtd with applause and There was quite a lively time tor some momenta.once represented the State in the national House of Repreaentonvta, and it is aaid aat next to Gerrit Smith, tookhim for bit) key note, and voted with him on every ques-tion. In proof of h a Gexritontan love it is recorded of Mr. W. F Ouvna, who has directed nearly all tbe ope described:—DIRECTOR OLIVER GIVES NOTICE OF. RETIRING.he did.The brotheny offer was accepted by a man who aaid hetot not because of any in-Gmditum if On Strike—It is Checked, but ,Vot Crushed— D> teg rather atill. Sayers and h a backera are very confi-termmatim of Lynn WVrfaueato Held Out—Vutotkt game Bfftrtwenf of Another Leader—Bit Suiplied— Motion to Discomamm the Strike Voted DownUnanvmously—Brotherly VKIWQ Among At Strikers—The Prttidential Eiertion ctndthe awwte, efc , die.,4c. Although the s.riking movement has subsided in one ortwo places, the feeling here in favor of holding out hat re ceived but a temporary check, if, indeed, it a at all abated.dent, and really i-elie\e they have a aare thing; hat they express tha teehng without ofienoivenen, sad no one can cavila>uthe manner in which they support the pretensions ol their mac.LadiesPlat'Macdonald test night abowed me Heenan's colors, aad to be completed before sext winter, and ev«>ry weeksa rubbing such as but lew persons eould undergo. After submitting to these "gentle and toothing'sptc.mtnB of the veteran Bob'a handiwork, the akin of thechampion is moistened with Irish whiskey, after which hea encsted in a thick, dry suit ef flannel, and then heGREAT MEETING OF FEMALE STRIKERS—A LAST IN saunters forth for a short ramble, returning home to ate Seventy-ninth atreet) road to well advanced, aad will b einLrceumHail,BraDamonintheotnir.was 8.6*4, against 8,988. This year it will not be far Quite a sensation wan produced at the commencement tlte, and he dacussn the tare with a lively MUMof thePa-del ford a s h a name m variously pronounced since h is turns home to entertain or be entertatoed by any rguage, and directed to tne best interests of the ladiesreturn tram Para, where like many other American cog- engaged in the present movement- frienda who may have called to aee him. Atneaneae it underwent a rranemogriiication), the candidate A RAF AT THE UNITED STATES SENATE. half past aine o'ctosk, "balmy sleoo, tired nature'sof the straight aat republicans, a a man apparently fifty Mrs BROWS, who has before addressed the lady mast swett restorer,'" wooes him to her couch, Five archwave, connecting walla aaron reads, areofage,who carries about to ateportly personal iigs, said that about half ofthe stitchers tadgone to lie sever takes any advice from trainers about his getting contract, two of tana being of Iran aad tbe ethara of probably one hundred aad eighty pounds work, and If the other half give up, they mightjaat n into proper condition, a m says that the only occasion on stone Tbey will be completed before IHe a not, however, particularly marked by well be slaves, they knew that they eould have the which he took tbe advice of others wasrwhen he trained other arched paraagu are to be igina was a great State to boast af her chivalry, when, m r, by 571 majority. Iba represent- he at present occupies In thia capacity and large « the was, the whole State w n scared by seveni 80 aamoatate, aad tea through a fortunate marriage be has accumu- tten men and a cow. (Laughter.) She aaid if Mayor Ha weight on tbe day of tbe fight will not exceed160 of tha Park, and namhoof aaajsusastote riignan Mitromearb miruhthecasael rtoTd*mocrate.Onedtrtnct8jlatedsemethreeorfourhundredthousandr>ev.6'couljc'tdonadutyaaMayorofLynn,theyhadpounds."MXan a n a , bang tap atrykerandB.The champion has addressed the following letter to bines an architectural terrace with a grand triple iMr George Wilkes, of tha city; and the sentiments ex one, and a sngnificent arcade, within wbteh to a corri- preued are of so manly a character u to excite oar re dor, lined with alcoves of marble. In front ef the ar-womengivewayitwillbenouse fortheshoemakersto bolt' oat any longer; bat if ioo*ve got the spunk I have got, you'll never give m till yousonquer. (Applause.)after thefight—OLIVER RBtMUNS.Mr. W. F. Ouvtn, marahal and director of the femaleheretoseehowIg»«onwithmytraining,andtohave,tfyou like, aa hour or two's walk with me. Whether I the refer*, may be hoped to gladden toe eyu *r oar on»-tot city to minor often, but in general mtel- DAMON STAHSS FIRM ALTHOUGH HER PYTHIAS FAILS..uasner tevel,«wb*a, far the tret.time.nrealautoton SsEanaataa to to* surrounding scenery could a* Been. Al itspinut hatjratttasoaarenan,batterttonsoar before. It will be aciuaaaary, however, » tewor B Pawn• aha ceaxne ef a fortaight betew Ma waster level, to to permit certainniree on ita will"cf Suingto*aeon*ef jf*^ thePark will tsa*jaaaa*u..«**"*"''wttb my work, and bother me if I had to o n everybody tbemeritsofagubernatorial caadioate her righthandman, whobanbeen herPythiasduring thatcalled. AsIsaidbtfore,Ihavenosecretsaboutmybelww the atandard try which, in New York, Mn. M. A Banoa, not at all enhetolined at tha ten ofweBe it unfortanate, atoo, to being sadly deficient to h aknowledge of language. B e a intensetv ambitious to be the Governor of Rhode Island, hut bto poBtial preced«am withmethod of getting ready for the fight; I only tan* to* usual means ol keeping in good health, and aearly ailhianetf quite pro- to secure a loan of theStateann* be tent to Itian to aid the free Statedon. Die rather than be catted sneaks. Unten you stand ton th* heel o" npprmton will be placed upon your sfcta, and you will be worn osTthan any Stranern stove. In a tremnbxis voice she declared, "ir you do not sustain aw my rain a complete." Agate, ah* said, be Arm and instate. Till the sou. plant pouuen, n eur forefathers and furuaaotbera ate, hut don't submit till you get whatTheir levers and haebands were struggling tor they detent then? Mo,) There wnr* n them m holding out to-into, can " letan show theof the Bible, wewould be far- toa QMn tan lanttog otrjoarnad.a taatinually for-the MS;""*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to walks with my old friend, Bob Falter, who yen will recollect muting with me at tbe Gordon. I am happy tosay1amu wellu Icouldwishtobeat preaentI assure you I am also glad to bear that your t have Hnaanad«to^eouallywell I hope yoo will exauaafar taking the liberty tony thai th* »#*f*»?!**uif1 . bemspreadaboutmybeing soJ ^ ^ * " J K ^ net meeting Heenan toon after h a arrivalJfjf* e " ? r ^ areagooddealoverdon*, Iwu '»u |^/^v^ teani atrue,butitwuumuchonaooountof "^L^1^ abletogivehim,aatrsager,^ ^ ^ ^ S t t o n A of baiahuBB.u ^?>£t*l2m%ZZZ^?***eTservieeashimI,••jf^.^f "Heaastrangerben;tta cayaaJastosM mgMj Hat naWJaMmanM W wflaw wvuan, eaamsaJIlK; Van**4 laitwoafi a an one of the good books of th* day Wry k t en record that be has »the straggle, took tin stand and to aa energetic mannersalted upon the ladies to stand nrm and not to flinch, nomatter who should resign. Stand firm even at death's my training a confined, u you wul see if yon come down,Untitled Documentspeet and admiration tor the man. B will be observedcade, and reaching to tbe chore of the lake, to a broad landing, surrounded by feats andgrand jet at'eott to the centre Theef tbe arcade aad ctaircsn a all either in pten or ready DEAR SIR—Since I had the pleasure of meeting you lor setting at the Moctcntter's yard. Ibe design of thetry tornatonnwaffl • » -leBB *b*i!NEWMARKET, March 12,1S00.win or ton, I leel obliged to you for getting me thischance: and it I can afford you any in ormation, orbe of any service to you, why I should lake to doso. In tact, air, 1 have nothing to conceal or make a higher than when eovered wnh tea in tbe winter. A mysteryoftomypreparation,andIonlyam"notatsingleheavyramatomwoatobringitaptototIan1 home" to general vaiters, because It would interfereof tf" baton we go toto that he should have it than aafwhenwedo getthan,yonnag Mycotonarathe Brtttah fiag. aad if my tB do not object to ssynphotsng then, I willABaBOW,'air,u Imaysatateyou a,e0ght(aaler*j on can spare time to „»!. von would n y in your ; irrateruito the newspapers ofto wbteh theyaanyonon,a*you that 1hope as t gtamtfu scon u fuada w e procured. Tha will Eighth avenue walks with the ramble and th* bellTHE LAXSn.Tbe central lake *r skating pond a now aboat a to* www.fultonhistory.com--•' 