 T'TTE MEW^YORK HERALDmirty steamers Escorting the Triton M S n .chaeed for about h d f been seen .even a New York Bay Besides a number lift over the heated roads, aad a which excitemensot at so rapid a rate a s As the paces of disposal all over the city, no exactthe t a w our report w a iThe rainingwas fair durmg the wkakstearth. UmbreUasasdpsvasnlawerem great demand a ttryExcitiBf,ftryEBUaiiaUietutVery seepotftheraysof«Oidjtol'andtheappearanceoftheBelle, Bed Jacket, Anna, Achilles, Tkaaead, JamesA.Stevens andGeorge Birkbeck. Thecap- a a s of each cf these vessels entered TuUy mto the spirit of the sport, and if their passengers did sot enjoy them selves to their heart's content they had none bat themcitybehind,conquered therepugnance feltindividually fortheseunconscionablejarveys,andstageandbussand buggy and rockaway rattled along the road in a coatinu-' ous string, filled with miscellaneous parties of cittxens. on,too.keptthestoviugma.-*ofpedestrians,sweltering from the heat, readered many degrees more intolerable from their own hurry and impatience, and fearquarterdeck. Wecheered,sad heraised ha cap sad bowedaresponse. Allthebatteriesfiredtheroyalsa lute of twenty-one guns as the vessels pasted, and guns were also fired from wharves sad merchant craft, all of which were dressed wtth Bags. *ANOTHXEACCOlVr. HALIFAX,Jury ao,:The Prince ofWalestendedheretodaya BOOB.Tat) squadron w a off the port yesterday. Boyal salutes from the fleet and the batteries greeted him upon h a arrival,Ennemiiiry Scaai i i ike My.vtxroftSPLENDID AQUATIC EXHIBITION,crowd, wee from any high position, bore- more renem- bates a a lot of m a hciii—except the diflt- reace nthecolorofthea; anythingeka.All along the Jersey shore oa Boboken hill, and on the JLU >ivii| uie jersey auure, un OUWMII uiii, auu on m edrowned, aad whose body nai been brought to the turTo His ROYAL;HIUHSBSB ALUKT Eswaan Panes or edlythecauseofthistadact.from aer dock on Sonday. Aboat that time one attention was drawn to the Teasel by the words of a bystander, " Oh. they are getting up the steam," and, by the look of the emose stacks, there was an evident proof that they were making o p t h e fires, although t h e steam eooid scarcely he said to have as yet made Ms appearanceFor some length of t a w iurag the morning a tugboat •a« employed towing a barge a a n d from the Great {asters with cargoes of tee. showing plainly that theamong the tittle uahes.^fthe water h a the appearance of being disturbed by arraleat storm.ufTBCTivta ON soaao.Among those who proceeded to Gape May m the Sre.itEastern yesterday were tour detective policemen, under the command of Sergeant Dickson.TEE SCENE ALO^G WEST STREET.On the tops of houses and a t the windows, on veran- dahs a ove, and chairs beaeath. on piles of lumber and rigging o f ships—m fact, tin everything that could b eEastern began fairly to turn round the cheers of thou sands ascended on the breeze, -mere sbe goes, now." cried one. --How beautifully she moves," ejaculated an- other . while others expressed their admiration ui curt and anrei*.rtable phrases The ladies, especially, seemed to be particularly delighted. Presently the immense screw engines of the steamer were put in motion, and the little'tag having drawn oft, the monster of the deep puffed out bg volumes of smoke from her giant chimneys, and began her aajegtic mtrch down the river. Those w h o had cheered before, now cheered again more lustily than ever. The little steamboats and salting craft dashed forward under more vigorous impulses of steamof the pallisadea upon the Hudson. To the right stretching from Brooklyn, commenced the green luxuriant plains and cultivated slopes of Long Island, with numer ous villas, whose Burdens appeared a s if guarded from the flood by those tall, green sentinels w'.iich so pictu- resquely adorn the shores. Ranging tue gaze along this almost fairy scene again it rested for a moment and is lost on the boundless expanse of ocean, over which the anxiously looked for Great Eastern is so soon to take its way It'was near five o'clock when at last the booming of a gun announced thai the Great Eastern was lairiy on !,er way. and at ttBce the scattered tnrocg? began againTuesday, and Mr. Cory found himself unable u meet IU May ntpiease your P.oyal Highness, we, the Mayor and Still he did not appear melancholy or disheartened, aad Aldennel of the city of Halifax. m^Nova Scotia, m the about noon he left the store, saying that he intended aSot only tea that• aad abedathe rigging of ail the ves-careening over a t oae s u e , so that the water beaten a p by her paddles was sent squirting through the upper partknew exactly where they were going, a a d many Oars were who trusted by followmg a crowd to come rightat test, aad thus byend-by the leaders aad the led all m et on the high bluff af land which overlooks Fort Hamilton AB the living freight from each boat that arrived crowded the Vaneerbilt p a r they spread theasatrcs along the principal road leading to the point of attrac- tion. The greatest excitement prevaited in aa anxiety i e get teste on the daterent conveyaass which okered aaa foot above axiOUB to and took h a teat upon the and cheered with onethe other Otfaan weretiekea had beenaway, sad ss axe dashed past the other craft, with bannerc streaming and the music from her bead floating sweetly oa tke air, she was loudly and enthusiastically ekeered. Such a numerous excursion cf Steamboats has seldomtea the wormnuBtrack of one of Ike band while b e held o nUp a two o'ctackaid, aad they continued a aa hour afar that timeJI the earlier part ofthe day cf these tiekea were " return could be obtained written,At hatf-past seven he M to:.r«curs of the e x urston were determined, if possible, used, eitaer movable or immovable, crowds of anxious and sail: toe loud and hearty strains of Dodworth s baud*to assemble upon the most favorable spots for a Majesty h a for many years so wisely and so beneficently unfortunate man must have come to his store during thek. make their visiter* - keep cool. 'Aflout one o'clock the excursionists began to ap-rear at the pace of embarkation, at the foot _«f E-iunccd street. They made (their "entrance upon me stage' m the characters ii pedestrians, horse sra atd ecc-tpaati of canWes. The vehicles w»r» of ali stySet. from the private)close carnage andpah* itu-eLmenortebuggy»n*lceninienhack Thebaggage *a^.n of the St- Nicholas Bet*' waa several times seen, md at eacxi u a e heavily laden, ifae stages o f the Astor E.CM, Fifth Avenue, and a tict, ail of the hotels, or :.gu each down their :<jaul of (living freight to either tnsa toe departure or to go on thi contemplated voyage, ivery oae who had a wagon uiena>n y «d seemed to nave: .c.-S tat their team" and tasen up a friend or two U <te* the *«big ship" go away.The steamboats Edmund Gr.ffix a n d t h e Island Belle were busily employed trom oae o dlock to three in akiagt1i•_ »e who had tickets Iran the | shore to the•.very time the bona left they w e * orerloaded. so much tv mat many of tlu: on looters exppcttU every moment so see tn«m ixK or ttrru over, aad jUacharge LDeiraasawa- gers A the river instead of oh the Great Eastern. Somepersons could be seen watcn u . the Great Eastern aa a •».• echoeo from the deoi>.s ci the great ship and reverberated along the shore, cheers from warm and renerods heartsview as she steamed up /and through the Narrows. ruled. We veniure tc approach your Royal Highness Nearer and nearer came u.e great dark mass, and morenight time and determined upon his self-destruction. H e- .«• waa esperieeeed by the police (of whom therew«r» tweiee oa doty a t the place Of embarkation, underCaptain Saakrag. of the Kath precinct) to keep the peoplefrom jmry—g oa the boaa when too full, and one WOBWIBarrowry escape-'. being thrown use the water by uwHt^g oa leapmg on the paddtebOT ifssr tne boat had start-ed These who had tu go on board] the boaa were comt*kj*d to "waJt in* plank' tsom |h e shore to the top of about a merely a see a awtaear go on an exarsion, he the wheeihouse, which aeceaaity a*de .'- rather uaforiu was soon siaaced by the answer. •• that tke like before case for the kur sax. as taey hak h> dtaacead a adder to bad sever been seen," and therefore all tried to get a reach the stain deck.ssMl atdssa) days of large httupst, parting gkutce a the monster in naval architecture aad »cre BBkai wore dapkvyed » the vulgar gaae than wafnteaded o> tbe air owners wtoen f a y left their homes inpeding her progress considerably, and it was thought ad- visable to rectify that encumbrance before proceeding.From Satec Island down to the lower part of the bay the scececontauedasentousaatic as possible, until many of the excursion boaa had to drop behi id.ance was clear and unfaltering as his mother's, and toe expression of face mean wh.ie just as bland and composedGSSTLXXES—Ihavebeentodtoexpectthattheloyally and fctachment to the British Crown which existe amongst the inhabianaof Halifax would insure to me a kind reception in your city, but the scene which I have w.messed this morning jirova that my expectations are more than' realised. For your welcome to myself, I feel, I assure you, sincere gratitude, but it is mil more s u aAfter writing these letters he must have got a uaii of linen twine from the ground floor, and making a double strandofit.stoodonachairandfastenedoneendtothe ceiling- then makmg a slip noose at the other end, he ad- justed it around his neck aad stepped from of! toe chair when the noose instantly tightened about hjp throat and strangled him to death. He was found with oae foot on the chair and the other touching the ground. to thathe could have saved himself after the noose lightened, but his iron will, no doubt, triumphed over the natural tena- city of life. His face bore no evidence of the death strug- gle', except m tke slight prolusion o f t h e tongue, thoughCat the teg of the Island Mela sras the resresen mwea cf a faasyc. the face, bonnet, dread and boom of which »ofa decidedly blue color. A axkan youth at oar elbowTHE TURNOUT E» BROOKLYN.Every avadahle space along the river front or high ground w a crowded with persons about five o'clock yes- terday afternoon to wiaeks the departure of the Great1Eastern. A good view of the vessel was obtained fromAfter all the other excursion boats had, one by one, I would like to inquire, also, by what right the steward dropped back, theThos. Way still continued to dash along sells liquor on beard this steamer, said liquor not havingnest your affectionate attaenment t o t h e Queen aad the law* and institutions of our common country Tour allusion to m y illustrious grandfather is alto most grateful to m y feelings, and I rejoice to find that his memory is cherished amongst you. In your noble harbor the navies of Great Britain can ride a safety, whilst you prosecate that commercial activityCoroner Beach was notified a an early hour, and went immediately to the store. Be summoned a jury of IB- quest, aad they rendered a verdict that t h e dtrwarfl came to tut death by atranguation. He waa buried ten. evening, a half past five o clock, from tue late residence, No. 156 Julia street. Mr Csry was s native of Provi- dence, Rhode aaad, forty eight years of age, and has beenaresidentofthacitysince1842. Bewasanus married asa.Dasatelle Beers liesTax Hoax or Ma. BCCBAXAS.—Oae day isst week, aysthe Reading. (Pa) leader, when visiting Lancaster,ws wereinvitedtoviewtkebeautiesofWheatland,the country teat of Mr. sa».h«—« Upona knoll, between the Marietta aad Columbia turnpikes and a half mile from Lancaster city. is this well known and often aaad spot, Thefarecocamtonlyabouttwentyacres,buttketoadthat "before morning thai tang that would W ok bice, orco-jl bare so rtfereaostothew a sn o t the only Gt" course ke onboardthewith the gnat of the seas". John Bull appeared greatly delighted at this exhibition of pluck, and exhibited his satisfaction by cheering lustily and by waving handker- chiefs, haa, bottles, pillows, sheets, and certain unmenpaid the usual kejpoit duties as required by law * Is it customary x foreign ports for the Custom House aspect ore (to seal up all packages of liquors renaming on board our vessels.great Teasel <Aii aaag the Jock might btheCityHallandtheroofsofseveralhighbuildingsationahlearticles.fromthedifferentparaoftheship. Thesequestionshaveoccurredtodsytoanumberofourwhich,undertheirprotection,wouldseemdestinedtosails for the oysters ssu a hah had more ahorse bucket s s poach bowl. after a hot skat's hard usage anything else we can ca.aaadatpresent.Amas,w1 a,cartdrawsbyade eided jsckaa.waodapeastcg a crowd what he calle-1 a as to have a"darkeyboy try ng a dwpaee tifowmgrhyme—the v a n i t y Almost a much interest was manifested t o see her steam down the Bay as there w a on the occasion of ha arrival.ISCENES ON THE RIVER.sure trip to Case May,were, like everything hitherto connected with the big ship since her arrival a this country a pleasing and veriabie success. If there were "•"•"»>— crowds along the various wharves aadNever was there more perfect coalition between any twocommunities than between the passengers and crew ofthe Great Eastern and those of the Thos. Way. "How doyonfeelJohn"wascompUcentlyaddressedtoMr.Bullto which Joan a the diaance could ontv reply by wavinghis sheets and pillows acre emphatically than before. ExHramoa o» tax SCHOOL or TBX IxxacciaTS Cos- Providence is myvery earnest hope. I request youto con- The people on both sides laughed, howled and cheered cxFTiox.—The fourth annual exhibition of the scholars»-•" of temop-SBds» trains, Buxture that wea called the aaasaaaea of dirty with the sssd op slices ofT.then,bywayofchangingtheprogramme,cheered,howled attachedtotheschooloftheImmaculateConception,in sh.p Great Eastern iowo the bay yesterday. on her plea- and laughed again. In short, the excursions as we aid East Fifteenth street, near avenue A , took place last" sot crauberrv pas,"-tiu* wa*ch verysuspictoua took. A erasstated at the tail of a hawaresbytheutarajsceofthea first, were truly successful, and w e doubt not that manymoremeetingsofthisktodbetweenJohnandJons than will and to remove the few remaining asperities that mayexWtbetweentherivalcousins, unthehourarriving to leave tkegreat shipto her solitary course, the enlhu siam of the people on both sides knew no bounds. Suchevening in the Bchoolhouse, before a arge and crowded audience. Rev. Father Ryan—the pastor of the church of thesamenaae—presided ontheoccasion. Thechil- dren, to the uumber of about two hundred, were seated on either tide sf the platform, which was neatly fes-Afterthisbeadvancedafewsteps,chattingwtthLord Mulgrave, who wss m civic uniform, and smiling a the restive movements of a lew miliary horsa collected m the yard. A fine ,}high spirited back charger wss now led to am i by a groom, upon which heand a a pleasure ground it could not be better tooted. MrBuchananboughttheptecea aperiodwbeajproperty had greativ deprecated to value, and paid thejkaaii turn of five t h * " - ^ dollars new be would jorobably sot ac- cept twenty thousand. ,.^__ .. ~_The furniture remams as it did before Mr Buchananexact weight they could so for oae cent B i iaii tneir vociferataJ be heard the c .ea i fbeautiful North river,was nothing bat an lilu aad faces to bepupils, elicited much approbation from the audience, who seemed mash pleased with the 'delightful manner m which it was rendered. "Rienzi's address to the Ro- mans" was weS delivered by Master James McKieu.•OB"reported before tke ckae of the day. Ha ships a anchorfeet safety a the place from wb ich they had started W e are proud to add that sot a quarrel occurred, and passed thattherearenoaccidentstoreport—at least upontheriver. _Taking the lasan^crs and crew of the Great Eastern, with the ueaaeadoos rush of people on board of the miScote," was enacted by seven young giris—the character of the Queen at the scaffo.d being taken by a young tady whocameuponthe stage robedinalong,flowingdress of black, and a white veil—addag very much to the effect of the piece. The exercises concluded with a 'Vacation Sana'' by the children, who teemed to give it with particular sax, a the time denotedPrince w a waaacad j»y Lord Mulgrave mto the draw ingroom,where,afteratewmmutesdetey,themembers of toe Legaature were admitted to present their addrea tohan. Be was then tissuing near an open folding door, with the Duke of Neweittto on ha left and Lord Mnlgrave on hts right, with the todies of the Goveraor't finally immediately a the background.M^ Young, the PremW of the Council, then advancedral provsaa for his two staters, be derate the tarn cf $20,000 to four boards of the Old School Presbyterian cburch.viz—tsJMM)totkeBoardofBducattoa,SA.atato tke Board a Pnblaatan, SftjkM to the Board of Foreign and t* .000 to the Board o f Domestic Matioaa. B e ateo devwes Ie 000 to Ma Presbyterian congregation cf Ha gerstown for tke aakurgenwat aad lmprovemeat af a s church edifice, sljaa to tke charity school of aha tows, $2X00a theMayor aadCouncil a latasawnforthe purchase of fuel for the peer, $1,000 a h avent woman, which a her death at to revert and be appropriated s s tee preceding tegaey,for the purchase of the spring as the »'"•*"«" " • hem of thetoteGeorge Hens****-** to >terto Pesoaae street (known m suiter* spragj, tor uw a e a teeshingle alB, wtth tke ostv B-. theofany way in rjfwof the gragreat steamer, salloyal and united people. He bowed afterA tew mmutes after which samm him np Malit to h a roosts.of ike ship ae On one oftaking poo For tome uratiiy with those' by the breaking oflar trip to Jlewark, where she bad embarked so mwiy passengers that it was utterly impossible to sessJBaawase any mors. All those who bad Dot yet secured passages, therefore, hastened to hurry oo board the Thomas Hunt a very seaaaiful steamer, which very Issimislsli i sun np to the pier soon after After the apse of a little time tb.-the sunlit waters a the Narrows, and away with Ml pas- ture seating freight of excursanisa through the broader expsass of the Lower Bay, openaf mto th ? yet waer ex- panse of the broad Atlantic—evinced sound jodgmeat a aekctag so favorable a u a , as well as thorough apprc- ciatioc of a lovely scene. Very few people dxwmbarax d ai the first or secoad landings, and it w a e r ident from theflatted, are sasatag U a ssaireadthatrunsmfrontof theSybil'sCave,argecrowds servestoblame. of both sexes were smeashlH to watch tke departure ofthe vessel, and as it took that part of the channel on i away down towards the ocean they had a splendid oppor-Tbeaas P. Way was asea running down the river witha, bat also her living freight huddled together as thick a bees, aad the best view of tae Narrows. Some there were whoher paddle boxes.She, however, gallantly held herof boaa which carried no names Hhat could be datic- tmguahed, the following steamers were all raSng away crowded to the utmost with passengers of both sexes — TheTwer, Keyport, Huntress, Satellite, ThomasHunt.jMtter/cuaefccu, wife tang strings of yJung olive brandies behmd them, principally figured. But what surprised these, when at bona, good easy men. was the extortionate demand of the Jehus—with panting horses, just fu nouslydriventocatchtheboat—foradriveovertneshortBAIAAX, July 30, 1MB. This morning at eightgetiock I went down the bay athe steamer Neptune to taejet the royal squadron, consistiogcftheHero, Ariadne hadFrying Fab,whichwereThe troops to garrison sad tke '—teflf ofwill .be reviewed b y H it Royal TfUhasa the Pratnowhere, aad if it were not for the Urge number of them prise a the number which had preceded him to thai fa- ral effect of the seen?, -which waa oae of extreme beauty.The Great B i n in was announced to leave New York that were present they would scarcely have attracted with the fine steamer Thomas Hunt. She completely die vorite point of observation, and, casting his eyes around On the wails of the ciadeS were teen the red coate ofthe to the government bouse. There were a number a tri-isr Cape May at three o'clock yaterday afternoon, but from aaaaa cause she did not depart from tier aacUorage oftU half past four o'clock. T ad scene on the mar , athe Barber, down the Bay, through the Harrows, over the to them. One of the wo. fearing their little this steamer are Captain E. H. Hall—a namesake of the brought so many strangers to each other together,lea from their staffs.At teno'clock thesquadron anchored oppositethedockyard. The prince toft the Hero a one of Ua boaa,and at s few minutes before noon landed a t the dockyardthe Archbishop's arch, a very *~<*AiTMmt scctociasucal arch theMasonicArch,anda •—a—* —r ftm^nn, arches, all of which were beautifully decorated On tke parade, tke firaasa turned oat with a " trophy fifty fast high, surmounted by sonlnsal figure holding a hose pips.Mrandoatto seawasleryfine*andenthusiastic, Oar reporter! hare fully describedl that theysa* of this iraad aqnsA.c exh.bitan.THE SCEHE AT rtE DOCKCBOWI*, OBJBH AMD CmUWUWr*—OTKB F1T1 THOU- SAND rwmmm I U B I I AT 9X* TTMB—urn* BOYSAXD Mt) 0CTW—DKISBRf, ItC., KTC.Im m if not quite as mask excitement wastotted yesterday, when the big t a p left on herM> cape May. a s w a s shown when the monster made bar tret Appearance a the Hudson. AH alang the Una of thesi which she baa bean for some time moored, and thence as h-gb up as Sixteenth street, crowds of and children might mure been asea gradually together until they amomttod at one taw to pscpte. Toail appearancetheexcite- h a s existed ever tuice the vessel has been in the vtoaity of the city had sot Hiirtassil until she haddown and swamped,,taiiirganoarwithhimto gallantcommanderoftheGreatEastern—Mr. Howe,the allanxiously maat onenjoying a pleasurecommontothe steamer did not pass mat. aad Mr. Barney, the engineer. To the exertions of all. Here and there were knots a m en, women andmast thatsented to take them up. very much to their own satis- faction and that of everybody on board.TheGreatEasternwasallthiswhilelayingoffherlate pWr, or s little above it, with her bows turned up theout to sea, or over the rich and varied landscape of the LongIslandshore,whichspread outbeforetheeye,was one of almost masrhleaH beauty, grandeur and extent. Towards the distart city spread the deep blue watersofLord Lyons a a d Frederick Ware. Esq., of Legation, toft hare this morning torthe Britstothoroughly ilimppasred from the view of the guars at the her round. The rope of the stem vessel appeared to snapBattery aad then it seamed somewhat to subside, as it several taws, and a hat the Griffin gave up the ask of hauling m apparent dagust. The monster, as she turned.river, and aoch time was consumed in the ask of beadmg her down the bay The crowds on board of the diffe our noble bay, dancing in the warm sunlight, rollinghaal colored. Be has a coaptoxion equal to that of s Prince of Wates.peach, tad looks very heathy. Hit hair is dark brown,were, to allow of a small rati haul • something new teysBs*.'1bad her head m the showed her stern to the she seemed like some < had juat naen from below, paaranceof huge goggledisappointment with t h e best phikaophy the circumstences, they could command.which, underOrleans From the New Orleans Bee, July 38. |At tea ©docs yesterday morning the aterest of theissiiat 11 throat seemed to be eqaally >divided stern looking like a ferocious set of twth.between snxmg on the noble Teasel, as she lay At twenty five mantes slur four the excursionists vB the besom of the HwAetn as eatery aad as say besaidtohave madethefirststart a thedirection stately as a nasn, aad in egamaiag the remaaa of the bay, and at thirty five mmntas past four she w afkirly under way, and nobly she steamed along, with a cf the poor unfortunate English sailor who had some taw crowd of steamers of all sixes a front, alongside aad atace taJtea ovaaoard from the Greet Eastern aad been the rear of her. A s ha" gigantic paddle wheels re--never tugged before. The passengers on board of the big ship, especially the mate portion of them, were all thii time gathered on the deck, on the masts, on the wheel- houses, and on every avadable pace that could be se- cured. Happily the crowd was not overwhelming. They seemed to be a the most pleasant of humors, and greitly delighted with their great steamer anil the ttotiUa of boaa thathad turned ontwith sucha congregationofadiestiful sharp outlines aa reflected a calm waters uponwhich they Hosted, a contrast again to these w a t h elong tortuous line of shipping anchored a the wharves.and beyond these again the tell spires and steeples of thecity blending witk their towering rivals of the c ty of on the spot by Lord Mulgrave, when their speaker read tobacco firms there, aad waa telegraphed the facte yester-vessel was going to be jumpedoverboarda the help to keep hat afloat, nearer to ha boatcourse the " ducking any of the party.The Bendrik Hudson had a very great crowd of pas- sengers oa board, sad m thai acknowledged arge vesselforty or ufty yards distance, of was t i e only damage sustained bythese gentlemen and the untirm„ firemen, who kept opperpaual steam, may be attributed tne great success ofchildren, some seated on the neatly trimmed green sward which bordared^thi fort, grim with guns aad their deadly missiles, piles of balls; tome standing a theas to sue, and seamed, in comparaan to her, so bigger than a rowbost when compared to a steam tug From tares a four o'clock, s continual whistling waskept up by the Steam vwasels that were moving around the Great Eastern, sad several of them gave salutes even be- am tkat vessel ever made the slightest signs of starting.At four o'clock tke cry of "she's moving" canned all who were not looking to turn their gaae a the direc- tion of the river, when they could perceive the large pad- da wheels slowly revolving as the vessel turned her bow down tke river. She had been lying with her head punt-ing »* np stream all the>orniag, and before she could proceed oa her voyage the had to turn round. A s seem«l to have plasty of room and moved easily— one tug pushmg ml her nose. ' while another was st- acked by a rope at her stern, aad i n s engaged pullingthe river, the delicious music of then- varied bands, and tke cheese aad shoua of the thronging crowds on board, could scarcely be described by the pencil of s Hogarth, much lea by the hasty pen of the everyday reporter. The excitement along the river was intense in the fullest sense o f that word. When the Thomas Hunt h a d fkirly started from par 30 North river, she was compelled by the entreaties of several ladies and gentlemen on shorecation,wtuiespleamalmmlightednphahappylook-siderabtenumberofotherAmericans,warsaiHoboken. sad as she the New York shore i denizen of the deep thatblack cocked bat with a tuft of white piuaes. a red coat with a blue sash across, the breast, and a white leather belt round the waist. btock trowsert with a thin red stripetas fine steamboat.The scene that was presented on the river as these shade of a grateful arbor of trees, looking anxiouslyamid the thunder of salutes from the six British warsteamers in port. He was accompanied by the Duke of Thirty five hundred children of the schools turned cut aBumeroes vessels dashed along under the full power of ' around our "big visiter, she was decidedly in the steam, amid the boomag of cannon from every part oftowards .the point where the Great Eastern had been moored in the morning', while others, intent oa enjoying the moments ax they rial, wandered about as they listed along the echoing shores o r through t h e shady groves, which offered a retreat from hue hot tun. Thus the beau tiful plateau which commands an uninterrupted view of both the inner and outer harbors, presented to the spec- tator from the sea one continuous hue of human beings, aad as a fair compliment of the throng was made up of the gentler sex, it is needless to say that the scene was aNewcastle and Governor General Bruce.Be was received a the landing steps by Lord Mulgrave,who was ntroiucedby the Bake of Newcastle, sad withwhom be shook bands "wito self-possessed saw sad cordality, at the same jijjae uttering a few words of gratifi-white sad blue, sad sang the National tnfhnsa "God save t h e Queen.'' A B t h e public buildings a well as private Baa, tchoots, kc., were tptendidfy de corated with fiags. banners, trunspaxencee and evergreens.The Mayor of Montreal, the Maya of Boston sad a saato put back so as to allow them a get on board, and, very gay and aakntted one. But the view from this although MX some trouble. Captain Hall very kindly con- point looking from the high bluff down the harbor, oremg countenance. \I stood near and had a full view of him. He ia veryprepossessing to appearance, elicited genera, admirationIn height he is live feet Seven, and slightly built.| Be hasashall,butwellformed land full-mouthed face,andhaeyes, wnich have a very; marry twinkle, are largesadsad ware well receivedA pouring ram to-night will postpone tkeworks.L>ETAKTrBE OP LOBD LTONB TO ISXIT TBB PKXMCB.BaixntOBB,Jury30,UW.rent pleasure boaa were not overpieesed a this deten- tion . but as it could not be helped, tney had t o bear theiraway in silver ripples, as if coyingly inviting the further a n d nearer approach o f t h e graceful craft which bounded upon their bosom, n o - thing . loth to make further acquaintance. Far- ther on and neater tne city appeared innumerable ves- sels, their white tails glancing m the sun and as contrast ed with the dark shadows thrown upon the waters by theandcutsoastoshowthelobesofhisears. Heworea Melancholy SaieidteAfter a alow and tedious procea the great mass began slowly to move, under the power of her huge paddles and , and the windows m tne the assistance—elight though it appeared a', the time—ofport holes having-the ap-passed down the river. Every pier that abutted on toe rent the air. the loud tnunders of canhoc woke up the and more distinct grew her vast, yet symmetrical pro- with the expression of an earnest hope that yourwrote two letters a h i s desk in the counting room, of which, addressed to his partner, was ae followsoneNorth river was occupied by hundreds of persons, and wnen the vessel had passed by the number of the pewi tnat began k> move along West street, and those thai ie I from it, carried ti.e itiees of the lookeroc to tue masses that leave Beechers church:on a Sunday. Salutes were fired from the ocean matll steamers that were lyingai their docks on boll, sides' ot tne river, by those wuo occupied other steamboaa, and by pnvaa parties onthe shore, W e did not see liat any of these salutee were answered b y the ''big Shin." b u t this doubtless arose from toe idea uai if she answered one. and not the oti.ers. oaenfe ni.g:.: be t&Een waer.* none was intendeddistent echoes of the Slumbering woods thai gird and fringe the bay, and, m auoru the scene becaneane of en thufiiasm and exultettut suffl as one sees but rarely m a lifetime. On arriving C! th> (Junar i dock a tremendous salute was fired,and as the Great Eastern neared the Bat- tery she added to the general rejoicinz by tipping her fiag and belching forth the thunders o i her guns. T h e scene from thi3 point ap to Staten laland was one continu- ous ovation. Steamooats of every dimension and capaci ty surrounded the great vessel like so many satellites to a great planet—many o f there seeming t" serine; u p sud- denly from the bosom of the deep. Am'Mg tnese. the satellite was prominent for the good will and enthusiasm she eihiaited m the loud and generous cheers of her pas- sengers and crew, x the music of her band and the eeo-i- mg reporB of two cannons which she mounted for the occasion. 'portions, and pvwry eye was turned towards her. andsojourn in o u r ctty a n d cm this will be attended with muth pleasureside tiie Atlantic W e are fully !<er-SCENE AT THE BATIEEY.belOre t w o o clock in t h ethe crowds began to assemble on the Batterytne lnhaiiants. and that the lustre which has been shed on the crown by the Christian and domestic virtues of our mest grac.ous seve*eiga|is justly and gracefully ap prec.ated by aii her Buii|eca, We earnestly implore the i.iverVif ail good to guard] and jrotect you ana restore you in safety to the parent land and to that illustrious family circleof which we regard you as the ornament and the 1ride, and that He may be graciously pleased longto spare! y*cur Royal Highiess^jto fulfil those distinguished destinies to which your high inosiuon pointsme. and my earnest with is that you s a y be happy and never know the tortures to which I havj been subjected since a y business association with you. With many good wishes for your future welfare, 1 remain, truly your friend, T MITNROE CORYThe other, which had no address, and was probacy in- tended for whoever found h a body. was as followsI shall to day be protested, and cannot live dsgraced. All whom I have injured I hope will forgive me. as 1 freely forgive all who may have injured m e . B y dear father, brothers and sisters. I hope will bear this aJUction with the fortitude with which their religion inspires them. Trusting in the goodness of God. I commend my spirit to His holyfkeepicg, sincerely hoping tha. be will deal with me in a more kindly manner than I deserve. B yFromafternoonthe ship passed at too great a distance trom the astern- bledcrowd, so attempt wasmade to raiseacheer,as doubtless the people thodght it waste of breath when their " tigers" even could not be heard by those on board. The excitement here, s s well as U all points of the city, waa intense, aad when one man remarked that ke " thought the people bad all gone aad, to be rushingthe champan of the Baa. }port of New York and Cape May, or any other coastwise port,either by registry or license.- The a w requires that any vessel over twenty tons must be enrolled and li- censed to entitle her to engage in the coasting trade, and to be so licensed she must be owned only by ciuacs of the United States.Theexcursionswhichaccompanied thenoblesteam-veytothecitizensofwhomyouaretherepresentativesmy cordial thanks for the greeting they bsve given me. is exceedingly good, the mansion large and well budt,Sweat as suaar and coldSear hat was a man who very lously avited all tc piers of the city on the occasion of her arrival amongst shrieking cf steam whistles, such extension of strong tooned and deearated with bouquea. The girls wereentered the White Bouse, and the property • attended totrywhetherOwywerecharge of a eeat sad act fa-wns of a arm opinion that theatbetterthan» a*bowmncb -ycould .:V Athird enthusiasm which they dapayed. From theBattery umi the peopje that if they wan adividuaily a knowaswfuliv arrayedin(white dresses, with blueandrod mounted with the graceful alacrity of a true eques bvanoldmaidenboose*eeperandagardener WewereinTO or not,torthelow a. Oamultitudesthat weredrawn together yesterday 1wigs,andsuchgeneralexcitement,maythefnervouanev^rhtm stoc-1 a youth who.bled crowd could do were not a whit behindhand a point of, numbers and theribbons, their heads being covered with wreaths ofSowers The exercises commenced with an open triax. Lord Mtugrave and the Duke of NewcastleI newsboys .wito woaki ii a '• ssssawsl i aatory ble concourse of human of aad guide tc the Great Eaatemi' aad you a the earn* Every pier theand all for tea cents. As <heday of their marlcetakxiows seemed they t > crammed to repletion.Like a thing of life, Daring the elements to strife.She was followed by many long and lingering eyes, andsellofethers«gats ' sad sadsa.y be obtained at any Irtadway Theager fBuraaisig keakaas. ssdw«Baoatoa is"tarea.theuaa view of the nver was that protect manyof be seen disposing these piers were so thronged, both within aad without,after three nnal cheers for the success of her trip, the A song. "The Mocking Bird." in which an imitation of gallant Taos. P Way turned round on her homeward way the notes of that bird was introduced, was well receivedLiBBBAi Baorsaa or a MAartAsnaa.—Mr. Victor Thorn The weather waa noif fair and all the population were son. a wealthy druggist of Hagerstown, lad.. dad on tneup to toe farthest poiat the eye could scan along themg address by Mat Anne Ryan, who wa loudly applauded at the case of her meritoriousalsomountedthen-horsesandtooktheirpaces,aad,with the Brace ridagbetwejm thiem, moved cut of the yard, which was lined wita itjfanuty, alike with the whole route to the Government Hou^e,to:which thsy proceeded direct. The Prince smiled an<| raited hit hat a every cneer which sainted himfor a low price, ant that a many cases serious fears were entertained that a suit all mere wtuid be s goodly number of broken boaa to be17th met. The TerekUgki -ays —On Friday tea hat will and in a very short time deposited her passengers m per The "Seven Scenes from the life of Mary, yueen of gathered to tee hua. I At the Government House the was opened aad admitted to probate. After making libs-a doa intkestream.a weUa thosesecuredtotheir wharves.witha sal)tarthe wre packed witk curious folks as closely ss herringsit as cou*i be packed ma barrel. It really became s theme it readtat own of the a Sir a.ia tkeshapeof i with t k e spring an alwaysa ben< kind of hitiinssi bad beenso many btod within s oatrsmbir" aad sailing vessels that thronged theriver. there could not have been tea than twenty thou in the tiue It now a band. Besides the piecescity.thou- Short a which bad been announced to ac-asanas oa the water. This of course does sot allude enumerated above, there were numerous othertatkeNarrows,w a s durable djsaace deem tae river, Uussd out m full force, a number at vehaaeer boaa watch bad not been ad-at all found a as exceedingly prontekJsaway up a Neveainfc—the people way s s tkickly « t k » y could stead. rush has indeed rarely been seen.swarming t h e whole Sock a tranecdouBelore reaching ^uten Island, and wh Ie she wau aboutaidway between the Battery aad that point, the GreatEaeterr stopped ai' her machinery, apd tor nearly a quar-ter of an hour became perfectly stelionary. All sorw ofopinions were afloat m the river steamers as to the causeofthisdetention,butnoonecouldsolveitreadily. Some ISTHEGREATEASTERNALEGALCOASTER? thought that she was waiting for theitide, others thoughtin arge numbers, and increased very rapidly.By four o'clock over ten thousand persons werehere congregated, and op to the t a w when the vesselpassed they kept on n ITeasing in numbers. Shortly be-fore five o'cloca the cry of •• here ahe comes" set thepeople on the out rict, aad shortly after the vessel hovea sight, aad a general ruskj w a s made towards that partof the grounds nearest the 1 Camden and Amboy pier. As of her anchors had got entangled towards the bow. im- vis on of the law, the Great Etstern can sail between theThe Prince listened to tt.s calmly and attentively, andat the end read his repl^- from a large sheet of draft pa-per. which was handed tc hint by Gen. Bruce. His utter burial. THOMAS MTYROE CORYshe had deranged her engines, while many more did not know what to think at all. It seems, however that oneTO TME KDITOB OP THB HERALD.I would like to inquire under what law, or by what pro-< body may be disposed of in any way but I would wist my friends. McStea, Value a Co would give it a ChristianOn passing by a large Bremen steamer the (Ireat East-ern dipped her Mag. and the German returned the salutem the same formal manner and by the firing of one gunA arge American steamer on paamg also gracefullydippedherflag,acompliment immediatelyrespondedtoby the big ship. On coming abreast of the two arge carry passengers at so much per head/ If so, whatforte at the entrance of the Narrows the Great Eastern drooped the American fag three times from the main, and then ran it up to the height of the mast, firing two guns at the same moment. The forts did not reply with any gun.would be the objection to a line of British vessels opening a line for excursktts from ports to ports in our harbor , Can this vessel clear a our Custom House- If so, under what provision: Does not Mr. Schell render himself ta- ble to the law ia allowing this excursion to take place ?factory to m e as a sen-and a an Englishman, to w it- it wore the traces of great mentai anguish.experience. The Thos. P. Way sounded ite load whist.epassengers cheered agaaonboard.as well won the GreatEastern,and after complimentary dipping oftags,thenoble ressei darted forward in separation from her bravelittle companion, and dashed through the deep blue oi the effort. A BOSMJ "The Merry, Merry Sun"—by the •Heat watersformeti by a neighbor that Mr Buchanan dies not latoad to sell Wheatland, as bat been reported, bat will return thither after his Presidential term baa closed When be does return, he will t a d that four yean have payed havoc with his fences, lilted tke garden paths witk weeds,and changed the appearance of the place from a well caredfor aoaastead to a neglected spot, where he who wills may ramble without dread of interference.a the ayriada on tke shore, streaking away from lower New York to Jersey aad Hoboken on the other side andleclamaiions. recitations, short dramas a n d vocal per formaaas, in all of which the pupils acquitted them- selves with great credit. Mr. Gusavus Schmitx. the in straetor in memo, accompanied the vocal part of tee exhibition e n Mae piano. A t the close o f the exarctsas Ftther Ryan aaaouiiced teat the premiums aad wises, coasatag cf a number of beautiful books, would be dis tributed this aorc --c at nine o'clock. I k e la—tar aodsuae then a a s e t ^ a , highly paassd wtth tke enter- ainment o i the evening*, which rei-cved ssnch credit on both the pupils themselves sad ike teuvosra who have hadmmrgtkTax HSB3A.V TatnaovuL—In a few dayi 1dread to ban a long addrea of wdcoaa, after which thedocument whs ksafed to haa,and by kiss trans forredtothe Date.whto handed him a sheet of paper.fresh which he read as follows He made a slight a a public tskeadomgac, and colored, bat toon regained h a teif-THE SCENE NEAR THE NARROWS. Perhaps there wss a s point more judiciously selected* a dose vww of the greatto a considerable line cfeWfora, the"I am deeply touched with the warmth aad cordiality with which I have hasp welcomed to M at eatoay, s a d that* you most heartily for your address. It will kaaay duty, sad it certainly will be aa hat a pleasure to m e, to inform Her Majesty of the proof whak yea have given a e o f your feelings c f loyaltyto her throw*, and blessings, which tthare dbTaf her reign beencf her tubjeca a sll parto ofliytapathhw a tke pnde • heartily d e lyou regard the tourels w o e b y a s a s f with whah you hoaov thethe service ofmytke tteassa of thesetoday.sadwho.ageneral course of osnrersauon from time to time that t i egreat point of a tractar. wss that spot which commander!Thesasaaaason thefaces of thefair*>exwasirreatexciasaent and some warmth, tor the day was certoiniy Mayflower, Naoshon, Cciunmia, Island Belle, Fashing mile of road that lay between the wharf and the bill. seen steaming up in the datacce When we came abreast Water, on the common, at eleven o clock a. M. cksraag, aad until a q-mrter before fcar a the afanwon Deawste, Broadwsy, jama Watt, Hendrik \Hudson, In many instances ibe dread of losing the £raad sight of the Hero, I saw the Prime a plain costume on the Hit Royal Highness will hold a leveea the< scare*tyasingtacloudpaakdbatwwathesunandthe whichhadinducedthemtoleaveforatimethedusty Houseaeleveno'clockoaWednesday,latofAugust.Asthesquadronapproachedthe frigateNile,shemanThe Satellite was m crowded as she could possibly be, of being ate. At last the hill w a gamed ned her yards, and the crew, a their white jackets and while the people turned out a immense numbers a givefrom which the expectant crowds were to command a trowsert. cheered vociferously. A mighty chorus oi him a cordial reception. Be was presented with s a ad- and added not a little to the general amusement of the view of the Great Eastern, as she steamed between theof the army, sal rode oa horseback to the rovtramentany attention at all. One amusing incident occurred tanced all the rest durmg the whole run. leaving tnem the hoaogeneous throng, he would, by-and-by, take in umphal arches erected m the streea, including Canard a laughter among those assembled on the far in toe wake, and eventually after passmg the forte, the details which made up that great whole, and,"if a infantry, and all the tray down to the buoy the rasashore Two young men were in one of these small row the others bad to drop behind aad leave the Thomas i easoner, migpt easily connect the individuals of party of the houses were covered- with spectators, sad over the arch with s steamship oa the top of n the Trimmest when the Moses Taylor began steaming up Hunt victoriously a keep np the otase. The officers of after party, aad so to the cause which had beads of these, thousands af banners hung damp and life- artillery arch built ofmiliary trophies. tke Mayor's arch •tunity to tee her BOOMSeveral saamboaa, both large aad small, accompaniedoccasion by the music of the spandid band which she batteries oneithershore. And rarely, indeed, have eyes voices rose also from the sanding Batata of people lming dress at the dock yard. He wore the uniform of a eotoaelhad on board. She was closely pursued by the Hendrik turned upon a scene more lovely than that which pre-the water side, and great ass the waving of hate. Lidortonateiy, the weather was cloudy, with drizzling wbGe As for the little rowboats, they were of course tion. Notkmg, however, could excel or even compete arriving late would first be struck, perhaps, with sur •bowers a intervals. bat Bet sufficient to spoil the gene-the Great Esstern on bar trip, and a they hovered abouther they seemed like a number of grampuses round a to sake excellent wsy despite of their crowded condi- gated together upon the summit of that hill. A strangerHudson sad the Thos. P . Way, each of which contrived sented itself to the gaze of th e thousands w h o congre-the steamtug Achilles, which, in truth, tugged as sbe line of hills upon the Jersey shore, presenting their beau down .eachvoived she rased a tiasisadoSB rasa; but whoa she began acebythemotionofthescrewatIkeshipmovedawaytouseherscrewtheremusthavebeenrathera'mussandgentlementodothemhonor.AssoonastheGreatfurtherontillabruptlylostthesharpterminationWAI»I- fteecfthearm'snotesforasmallamountfelldaaaaChurches. To the toft, embosomed a luxuriant foliage, appeared the white buildings of Hudson City, andthe followmg address of wetooae to him — day. Pecuniary eaabsrrasBment, acting f a the firat time upon a very sensitive and honorable nature, w a undoubt-Is the Great^Eastcix allowed to run upon excursions andshipmasters, and reference is respectfully male to you formake; Baiifax^bue of the meet important cities of the Western weeM, and to,raise her inhabitants to a high prosperity. That such inay be tne fate reserved for it byconsideration tad reply.City Intelligence.having in share* tke ITfund willUntitled Documentleg, patent leather boots, white k i d gloves and a regimental sword This uniform specially belongs^o himself.tne firm of Gary a Milter, whotosale abaccumste dealers to cord, twine, te.. a the corner of Gravter andThe Mayor aad Aldermen cf the city were introduced New Levee streete Mr. Miller is a prasat a the Sate of Virginia, makmg arraagemeaa to obtain the stent j ofname of our citizens, do most cordially welcome your Royal Highness. We rejoice that our city should be thus highly honored b^ the- presence of the son of our re- vered and beloved Queen| the grandson of that illustrious Puke" whose memory is gratefully cherished as the warm and constant friend of Nova Scotia, and the heir appa- rent to Uic powerful and glorious empire over which tiergo cut and raise some money. The runner of the >»-* where the note was payable came round to the store in the afternoon and left a notice of protest. Mr Cory had act returned yet, aad the clerks closed up the store a n d went home.Yesterday morning, a a quarter past seven, the ctorks came down and opened the store. After a while o n e of them went up to the second floor, when he was astounded and horrified to see Mr. Cory's body *»—'g""ff from t h e third story steps, is the rear of the counting room. TheNsw OKLSAXS,July 2s. 18«0. Mr : Dear sir—If y o u can look complacently upon the wreck you have caused, 'tis my wad) you may do to. Your promises and representations m regard to business lesticaily she glided through the waters, attended by nu ness, to every section off her Majesty's North American induced me to form a connection with you—and those promises have ail failed. I am -now reduced to the last alternative—to d i e , o r live disgraced, a n d from yourglass passed from hand to hand until sbe was fairly undertne gaze and scrutiny of the thousands who looked downupon her with adairation and wonder Slowly and ma suaded that the reception wh4h swats your Royal High-"mi.i in "i inui' inam in in her satellites, but not one of whom did not create a greater splutter on the water thai, she. Scarcely a ripple passed from her bows, and her wake could scarcely be marked, so smoothly, perhaps so lovingly, the linipie. waters bowed before her. And thus did the"Great Eastern pass through t h e Narrows. T h e thousands who had s< long waited for that moment, now that it was passed, immediately turned their faces home- wards, mere was but little lime to spare to catch tne seven o'clock boat, and there was no time lost in making tracks for it. In conclusion, it may be said that n o acci- dent on the retuik home, although one of the boatswas perilously crowds*, occurred to mar the pleasure of tne daydominions, w ^ l only inipresS y o u with the convictionthat devotion to the British tnxone and attachment toBritish institutions are aljiding elements in the minds of sult. 1freely forgive you alt the injury you have causedwhichhave been«**-"riawwith thebut :t s ion account cf the uhvEmerging from the gates of the dock yard tke i •ssed through a double file of troops anda S e w Merchant.The entire mercantile community, a t well m l number of his frauds, were greatly excited yesterday by the retort that ^r^inCory had committed suicide Be waaknowledge of my disposition, y o u cannot itouht the re- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tfcasadwww.fultonhistory.com 