 f-wo *be *fl*tu*tT. •ftnt'**. i?'., ** t ^*n*Buaala*SB8FhinBB BBBBnlBBBBHd # m ^ f l v »Iae IIBIliHM BBOUMI laeyIuS-*w the seeeder* oat of Jar any tost eauae.NEW YORK HERALD, SmCDAY. JUtfK 24, i860.TBS TTMTSfa- ft 1 caaeikSA rkSk PSOTSatS•T TSKBT—aJTSSClaTKMf BBS*BOBS,IK.,ETC.Twitier uf Oddmiaf the ©fcSrtet' regard U, theOre niBHwaa •wealAiYesterday was * charm *n* day, aad aPto invhe thosearise vara atdanrs ta dotaad riding gartaaaus, and eujaf her gone, cheerfully, and ye» there was ao opp-< ssive haatbreexe was j^aa£aa*rrh to be " t c s V y tm,aa aaneyaace. ladie> cooJd aaasad to tba mTtheobasrvaafry adcaata serioualy tjcwa m^rm where they were not aad gentlrBien fisWi enjoyed the lookout and did act to fear the k«s af their straw Bats. There enough of the "tenth; rephyr" to produce atie among the lupus.t h e early ckaaag movement, under the rates ofStacy of the dawn-town wheieaate bouses close their stores at three o'clock oa Saturday afternoon, is agreat blessing to bath eaaBtoyen and employed.ter, composed nsthUy of bookkeepers, clerks,men, tied either to the desk or counter durtag the other portion of the week, eagerly took forward to Satur-jrORK DOKE 1Y COSGBES6. rsnai m ssuu» <* jcaa Ifa*.d the k t dyt dug, Tbe acwpBgasssB. «h«rT*<l Ihe Japanese c^rt ^ ^ JJjJJ ,,,4S g l R l^»B^»r1*ft*r, alwaysfit)hi*pipeand Hffht u be*wr tarv Ngto iranktu. amd terite htm to take * cup of tea or of n u t befer* Ukawaye mfirmed u* Out Be was a i"" tbe serva* of a Prntc* who standsHis> DOOM* was tea sacred to apaak, he said, hot hewould wrtie u i f w would promise notjto pot it ta the pa-Kr°Leha? -"^ 'Jft*nwd,^?» « • « •*"»•• the JapaaeasniurMMimrmHUTroasBaarg7Kf T.•change the Oatende rantiage. from Font State of TexasACT* For the relief uf Margaret fanfor the relief ef fieorge P. Marsh For the relief of FrancaAn art grunting as invalid •Vw Taeh.At. ^ 1 for the relief of Erastu* Hutchia*. Ar- act for the relief of FrancsFor the relief of An*oa Hart.For the relief of Fok-saoaF-.r the relief efFur the relief of k. W. Clark.nuTAtm For the rataef ufTV cx-fiwe* a ..trterirat 'error m i*S*. t«r the relief of Htewart1 or the relief of Was. H. DaCroocPT1I4C MWLITMMI11 relation to the wurka nf the expiormg expedition. Pron. ufifeaj tar the abarrratMSi of the eclipse of the BBSwhich win ecewr on the M*h day ef July seat. Asaataaahmg appropriations for tie paymeat of theLcgislatiw Aaaenby uf the Territory of Minnesota.Aa act toaaaaad an act approved the td day of March. 1*47.maaiiUa*toAaacta*eaaaaaamapar*of—trya*Bata-t* t« tbe Stole e f " Aii act toaaaaad consular system efA* act recrgaatxius the survey of the Grand Chenier* Kiand, Male of lamia arm. as approved by the Surveyor o w « l , and for ether purpoass.Ac act for the reliei uf Coogromaaa township No. S, n..rtJ» at range No ». went of the fourth principal meri- C.MI. is Aiijuni countx. ^tote of Rtiooa.for sext week. The Japanese, he says, day afternoou as a tneaaa of relaxation, and as opportu- Delaware lotteries;—h"••riluro district of Florida.An » 1 to enrrv iutc •-dm-t th* proviiiunis of treaties be-tween Lite Uanted S4»f». fhiua. Jape". statu, Persia and uthercoonries,grno*certaiajawietolpowerstoMmiators sad Con>«at, or «U«v fioictio«iarie« ot"ttte United States in UM«*- coemtriea, and for other pwrpnwes: tier can run ait! the grag".t a.-,they please, if they will only -keep e, also, the well dressed young man ba» !^s»e and Bltortini' b » ••ShlkUifl totheadmirationofBrflget.who rcss'children. Here, also, the state-"Costar'a" B a t , R o a r h , Ci "COBTaB'8" Bed Bog, Be.. Knermmator '-COOTAB'S' -Depot alTioppoatte m. Mchotas Betel).»•«,BaTf riodBsnl in Dyspepsia, loss of Appelate aa* dte. l>etehty Retah at « per bouie. Wbcamafe depot Be. 81 Wilham street. New Tort.of V irgin t*.Wright, o<be felt to be appmciated, and cannot be adequately de- [ company. The women wear small daggers. Wo wereTrtTllB BBaBBBrw 'imls aad Life Sise. Two forty -nineADactauppkmentarytotheact entitled an acttoan- the "greatpaper,"a» theycallit,atmade. TheywentOaaidolkvt... • a- pnAoctioti to be giren to cuoens of the I'nited t .ai* - who may discover deposits of gnaao, approvedthroiigli the entire fstablhmment, had their names printed HI the job •dhct>. and exam men the huge presses below the pavement. Leaving the office, they visited the DryGl as Shades, for Cover1ng Clockt. Vases. of flowers, Ac.S J. PABDBBRBB. S Piatt street, B. T.asat approved teBoys'Clothing1 ailkinds,for boysof *Byears 101AUFKED MCNBOI * CO. BJ7 Coder At.A WORD TO NEWSDEALERS.TO NEWenSALEBS OKLT. The nnder*ierteo ir» prepared to supply allAuiiti-1 M. Ito6.Au i'-t to repeal *hr ««iwd section and other portions Street House and took dinner, the first time duringc IL. 1:t paased th* 21 day of June. 1838, entitiod aa act their visit that they have dined away from their t pr< *..rte ftir the k« *tK>o <rf cvrtam cunhrsa«d private hotel, and Tommy also called at a sewing machine estab- 1-.: .> ci»inm m the Si ate *<i Mumoori. htdunent, and was instructed in the prooesn of sewing byAn act far the relief of Mary Walbach, widow of the machinery. At a Broadway perfumer's they were pre- l.i. Rr^vet Bngadirr Geaerid John He B. WalhacL of sented with a large quantity ot elegant perfumery, andC l t r e r Mi t s i st s r r h l f ' asart&ga. ts a novelty aS should aas aad aramlnaBroadway, to A. T. Btewart'athr 11:.led States Army.An »ct for the retwf of Joseph Potter.AM«rt to declare th*1 jnisamag of the act entitled an actt i t iu# fnrther prewwiont! tor the aatKiactton uf Virguua Un-t * .vrrante, passed Attgnst 81, 18&X.An s> . for the \w >tectlno ef the Bsherles u|Mm the I V fm»' river, in ttir toKtrtet of Colnmbim.luspected the entire manufactory.Luring the morning 9ano Kawayc was visited by Pro- to have ao wine at the ball. Of course the Lelands will iBfatehtmeaPaiiemtometrad*-ihr»oebontthecountry at Usetoetat and at the eartosl p<%sibie momentAn B.^1 to reijMtumh ibe title ot the L'nlied Slates to c-rmm juiuc »<xupceu in thr city ot' iatioo Houge, in I- uc-iiia.AD mc' for the relief of cert«in actual wttlers 00 lauds gr uit-1 M»th* Stoi*>j.f Arkansas, for railroad purpose*be said, but no provision was made tor their mln-ntran.A small party of Japanese visited the Navy Yard fur a renewed inspection rf their bngguge, stopping at theSaao Kawaye was yesterday presented with a cerning the origin and similarity existing between theS a l t Nos. 161. 3a*. Oil aad TM Broadway, ». T.heahaEAi. a i to change tht localton of the Custom House for vidua ot the Japanese and American currencies. Numeri'of* on nw Of many seats to rest and watch the.1Uet - a.- tlioy by. in short, the Mall is what it wasproved their sterling value, and secured the uaaataad coa- recent report to tbe Crstoa Beard. Ithg d'.-va-t of Braara de Santiago, from Fomt Isabel to Browns-, ills, m the State of TexasAn a t for the further elief of SyrveMee Gray.An act amendatory of an act approved June 4, lSan, fur tin n i» f of ShirkK k A Aeriey.An m.•!.for the relief of David Waldo.outt letters are also received daily, by members nf the Embassy, requesting them to call at various stores This may account for their light purchases spoken of in former articles. They go to the stores, in response to these invitation?, not expecting to purchase, hot to receive preseat*. The admirably appropriate invi- tation to visit a monmimj goods establishment was re. • ud-d it sh<> be—a promenade.pretty well posted in the matter, suggested that it might ] a ihe furt herjflnd of the magnificent walk is oeingndence ot the general ciHnniuni'.y.W h « t e r a n d WUaoto'a Bawrlans Bow Tankte effecting permanen: cures of taree Hoostoc sad Bieeefcer dteal Core Truss with i u assortment of atAu 1M-1 to amend an act entitled an act tor giving eftVott •.•• tain trsauy Btnauations between this and foreign go <t ived, and » ill doubtless receive the attention it merits,ot water oaakl scarcely be anywhere better obtain i<nttn from lids terrace. The steps are composed of Kan':.'* uf the ifendwieh Islands; some fourteen years ' ' .*rv large su«e4»ome of the flags being larger than any agoanotherwaspickeduponthecoastofUpperOregon,]«loreseeninpiecity.Theornamentalworkofthe another was found lielow 1'etropouloesai, in Kam^'halta, ' iu •hee has excljrd much cariosity as for what purposehenna or rupture. MABSB A CO. bu. 5 Vsaey at., B. I. "WfOlItl»ay»" Try it.By Having DEATHTOteraiDn.ilfortheapprehensionanddoilveryopofoer- «a:.n i-tw-nders. _-'imvit:-awellknownfactthatalltheOrientalsdisplay Uieir sorrow as we do, by black kids and black crape. Although au ostensibly religious journal has been the firstdies, aaasasaam,your besd examined, wiiths a full a*rnrt:loe,ni;cihart, you may know EATB TO rssirrwAn ict for the relief of William A Winder, V- 8. A.By..MM.iTlO*» PAHftaV TMB •SKATS ASB PSSJBO*© W to nubllsh bogus stories in regard to the licentious actionstwo hundred years ago. an account of which may be !found in Flndiey's Pacific Sailing Directions. Captaiu jBrook*. wh*m on the cruise of the Gambia, several years 'ago, found the remains of a Japanese juna on Ocean Is .••••!te<! One wag was sure that it was nothing else than land, one of the group northwest of tot Sandwich Island*. ,Tttg BOCSS.K>'D*<>ting t V obatn»t:oii* upon a certain grant of ftveof some of the Japanese officials, it must not be inferred that the attempts of the religious portion of our community to convert these poor Pagans have at all uBnuitsbed. A day or two ago a package was handed in containing a *pt«ndidly bound Bible, and ac comjxmied by a religious alphabet, ''for their Royal Highnesses the Japanese !>tobaw«y," beginning—'A stands for Adam, who sinned and fell." so that the Ja- paiMme.by lb is religion -made ea-sy device, might learu Knglwh and Christ'luiityaton©*. Aletterdm- piavmg a very extensive knowledge of the Calvimstic dog mas, of which a succinct account was given, and a very 'mall acquaintance with the art of spelling the English language correctly, came with the Bible, and expressed -a tody's" best wishes for the souls of their Boyal HighVSRMIN DKTBOCFJt VKRMIV DESTBOTERMTES8huxAXBhwSae.-( IM» ''if aaad so the State of Iowa.1 >r the re.srf of ljenteuant John C. Carter. >i.")wadavg of the operation of the fifth sectionThe -ame navigator afterwards picked up another junk of jJapanese construction, abandoned, in tat. 42 deg. N., Ion. ii-irgi •-nioMtaato trap-*- to keep those pleasant uisecu : -. m the proroemvlcM a r r i e d .IJLIXSED—Tasnt.—^In New London, Conn., on Thursday,June 14, at the residence of Mrs. J A Marvin by Rev GWater Nuts Snaeaea, Gwrdeo ]Water buaa. Boaf1 tea, fclsnisa Plssta, aw.of the H•! matang sppropriai MUM to defray the dcnc!«ucie>i inPasfng along «he edge of the lake, the borders of whichB W illcox. 1KA>CI^ C. New London.I k t a a s n toJ r u * MTABS*, all ofFnacpal depot. <tt Broadway. antSbyaBiNGUSKMFjr TAKE NOTICF.-I HAVE CONSTABTL*th. ..pptiajrtations for the service of the Post Ottce Depart •tni-'iur the fcaad year ending June » . 1 « » . and in part t»r -Jar susmart of th* Post CMfise Department for the year cMi^Juatlt.MOO,beingtheSectionrelatingtoprint-Fxphvnatory of the eighth section of the act of Omgrese hppn-ved February » . 1 8 » . for the relief of Arthur Id- wanh- and his aasec-sto.170 deg. W., more than 90U miles from laud. Some four ' nr being' sodded, thus preventing any persons feedingyears ago another was found umr Guam, on the Ladrone Is- '• a., aquatic btrda^withoct rendering themselves liable tolauds. Another was found by Captain COT.of New Lon- jdoti.who, when bound north 00 a whaling cruise, in j • I the grasii, w a a m v e , bycrofsing over the fineij de-E traetedillness.LBASCXI.B.BCKIUS,onlysonofCapt.E. VaultsBroadwaycorneratCedarsweet.J*K>LCTM»1I8 rASSBl) THS B o m AMI RBBBBi Dl ileuses! including the Tycoon.TBS SEN ATS. la the afternoon, amonx vnits too numerous to mention,BiCEkMav—On Friday morning, June 22, in the Sfitb j th y have not all left the Park) warble their sweet year of ber age. BROWKT. daughter of William Keefe aadBaataaaeadad by every physician ttooagboai the on aceuiint at Its superior quaBty, aa tbe teathrancfa of the UMIMV tile and Porttoud canatto relatmn to th* tobacco trad* withAuthorizing the proper accounting >•fleers of theBary to reemer assfi nthmt the aeooamts «f Jo*country, a measure of home policy was adopted, by which junks were, by an imperial edict of the Tycoon, built withii two sisters- ** playmate*!, verging on to wrmtanhmat, ,v 1sit down under the shade of the trees and tell eachStreet, thence to Eleventh street Cemetery tor interment. COKKXS—On Thursday. Jane SI, of coasnmption, Aaaa-it ateo by n w i a assai a> Ua* <ar as mi* imm aTXUB A COT; rropnewes. No. M IC*v , United Stolen Mmmtcr to Fore.To review • An act reducing the duty onimports, and his cranium we gave yesterday. vanced in civilisation thaw our Indiana does not disap- . . i v an etcatota* "%eto as we heard yesterday, of brother in law. NCarmiae street, this (Sunday) after-tor rtherTOTpoee*," approvt-d July Bl, I M S ti'vuut the aflseat of Congreos to certain actat y thehrfSatevo*of thsatotooof Lo«*ma*«bdArfcanaas m relatinat to the Bo* river raft.Retire to the awuiaitam 0*Cshs.wohmteer80 e»Z mto the military ef ihe United*Authuriamg Us own workFor the relief of Lieutenant Ctffic>-man4a»*a. ^. _.Explanatory of an act ent tied an act to 1 gaty to cermto widow* and orphans, .ramodTOXBA 'a LETTS*own words, only premising that he can speak and read English just about as well as he writes it:—MxtaorouxaK Horn, \ Maw Y eas, S June, IBM. jproduced the difference, which many consider but very littleTBS STEAM FBIGaTa MAUAKA,Which K to convey the Embassy home, is iu .1 forward state of preparation. The spacious cabiiks hive bc.ni luxuriously arranged, and one almost forget- on looking.. amustmvmt Bar the young lad**, tor they sit for al- tiusit anv length of time watching them glide gracefully• v ir tm-' surtac* of the water or dive after the fisid they •:••iber benaath It.i little back tmm the lake, and adroitly concealed Trcm •D car«ksi paaser-by, is a snug arbor composed of young •^s, firs, shrubs, he. Tbe seats are made of the trunk* of trees, sawn sa pieces of various sixes to suit all parties, and a very curious kind of lounge or suttee is termed out 01 a single pjaat «** rock. This would seem to be a hard .nt but from Be shape it becomes nearly as cemfortabie , >apiece of drawing room furniture, providing alk>w- iiuus be made Bar the wast of springs, he. m the warmClUKUim. DarxT, native of England, and wife of Augustus Drury. ofJ * inarara W. I.i-A>A».—on Friday, June 22. THoaus E&45.All his friends are respectfully mvited to attend the fu ncral trum his late residence. 179 Elisabeth street, th- fSauday) atosraoea. at two o 'clock precisely. Bis remainswill be takes to Calvary Cemetery for iiiterment "F&JU.—On Friday, June22. LTDU Fnas.ia tbeeSd year of ber age, and for'the test thirteen years a faithful nursein the family of Edward Prune.Crujr.AK.--On •tharsday. June 21, MKSABL GouoeA.v, anative of Tuam, county of ttalway, Irelaad, m tbe oath year of hw age.His friends and acquaintances are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from his late rcstouaoe, ha. 11 Bav tavia street, thu- (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock.Tuam (county of Galaay, Ireland) papers please copy. Gasikt.—In this city, on Saturday, June 23, Faxxicx©aaCNDHETT IIjktkseatonepanditures awge,that the ps"Qatrn at the ly blocked op by theB SET TASK,isns omt to fail force,- sTEEat lostPpr* rttrfer the r«8« thebought, then-anaojed, except bya onisanee to which they are daily subjected,and from which they always gratefnlty thank anyThe lat-to release them.lighted at being presented with a wood cat Aw amiss of BOB signature, and said that he couldas manv nsmes aa he pleased. It is very probableOn that acoawM Tommy waswhich no omt owe* writes well, hundreds of times aday, upon all sorts of paper, with all sorts of pencils, andwith a crowd of nil sorts of people at one's elbow, moatuse of two swords w that when one is knocked oat of the combatant'« hands—for they grasp it with both h a n d s - he quickly draws the other and despatches his adversary, if he cam That remark provoked loud laughter from thehis wife and chihtrea for a '-drive in the Park;" and thus both are benefited.Nearly all the leading avenues may be considered asPhotoajraphsasimilarmvitaiionmregardtotheirmetropolis. Theseinvitations were politely declined, the Ambassadors stat-G. B . M o a t dh ( o.'s t e l e b r a t e d E U l p t i c TheCathedral,atFiftyfirststreet,isalso sensibly pro- olri.con.tHfl.4»awsaatea*.ing that they would not leave the United States about three feet lour inches high, and wears theand probably not New Turk, until their departure sword mast gallantly, the sise of his daughter can easily be approximately esthnatod The Japanese always inquire fur Japan in the Niagara. Tommy and a party of the ag«< of their visiters, and give then* own to return. others visited a Broadway tailor's, where Tommy Thi* ceremony was not omitted yesterday, and Sano in- was fitted with a fine suit of black, of the latest formed us that he was thirty two years of age. The Ja-style. He had great difficulty in properly putting on panese are very fond of children, and iodnce the hotel nurses to let them play with the little children of themarble walls ri«tag in magnificence and beauty, a credit Tbe leading style tor aumaaer. Broadwar.by OBBTH, SaSAu act to changv the name of the ship RocxaH to Massa- the pantaloons, and insisted in arranging them "hind side guests. In their own rooms they dross much the same as the way of -park imi>rovements" thel*f 'chusetts. before." Matters were finally adjusted, however, and when out uf doers, except that instead of trowsers theyAi. ad granting a pension to Jamf« Alexander, an icva- Tommy made quite a respectable appearance in hi wear a long lonee skirt. They are very sparing in their Alctig thi- wham breadth of the Park, from Fifth1;. »oidirt,of l s i iAn A'-tmrantrng a peasion to Martha Shaderson, wkdowor Major Wiaatow F staadgrsnauAn ait PIT the relief of Benjamin Ssyre.An art foe the relief of J 1, Crump. An art for the relief of Joel M. Smith.*Li--tforth.reliefofAnton&.C.PortmanAc art for the relief ef the MiNtonary Society of theM- Ui ''lint Epmmpnl chwr.-b.An act for the relief of Thnmas It LiTingston.I >T OF HI4JI THAT B i f f PASSED TBI 3KNATS AXO 7*mm' remark that the Japanese will not he able to induce a large number of men were set at work to decorate the board having these word3 painted thereon:—"Temporarynew garment-. Exchanges of pantaloons seem to be indiet, and eat, beaaies the dishes cooked at the hotel, ato Eighth avenue, this street has been widened to the fun extent of one hundred feet, leaving seventy feet be-A mUSABLB TOflBMT^-tMB GBXAT TTrOOS OP _,traveller <ai taste. Steea the arrival of the Xin tbe Uaked Btstas, ha Baa oBeaedkindhtis ej e» ef Oolrewbta's fair danfore voucbeafed to tan moat tateatrioas vtetaas. Cardtol deservedhasbeenateaill1sail ToaagTom'ssrftandt city have been heightened by aeqnaattanee with ' tl« Toe*-kuid of salted fish brought with them from Japan, and a the fashion. The Messrs. Lelsnd have received several Japanese sauce, of which they presented the hotel a largeoverjoyed, yeater-lay, when a party was taken to a sugar relinery to >«• hou the sugar was manufactured. After a brief inspection of the works, the party, among whom was Tommy, proceeded to the HERALD office, to see howsays that several thousand bogus tickets have been print-ed"and cannot be distinguished from those which are gen-uine, and the fact that, although the committee have nottickets enough left tor their relatives, the hotelproprMton, officers of the army and navy, dis-tinguished citizens, or, in short, for any person, yettickets are said to be tor sate at twenty, fifty, and onehundred dollars, te cited a.s confirmatory of this report.A certain v>. It known ticket dealer says that he has anynumber of tickets for sale at twenty dollars each, and ifthe committee supply is exhausted in a proper manner—a? it doubtless was—these must all be bogus. The ball is New Brunswick free stone. The style of architec- to be conducted upon the temperance principle, the com-at«ABTMafEB OASSSKT OB IPMMBB anTTTWnXHB «wy desirable thai asaata. Sea who bars oat sbwsdffessors Vail and Barnes, of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum.A long but uninteresting conversation was maintained towritmg upon general subjects, sad Sane Kawaye took alesion iii the deal and dumb alphabet He said that therewas no such language in Japan, but that he meant to in- at their own expense. The bail, therefore, will be con-purchasing.I. M. SINtiEK i CO., 45S Broadway.their orders tilled may rely upon being serve" either of us.H. OEXTT.S * CO.. US Nassau Street kO*K k TOUBET, 121 Nassau streetOBIS, DATTON * JOSKHJat Ann street. HAMILTON, JOHNBON B FABRELLV. gform his Prince, whs was very powerful, of this inven- ducted on the temperance plan, and the city will be saved March 3. 18S1, entitle"! An art to limit the liabilities of tion, and open a school of instruction, when he reached a large expense. We hope that tin; announcement will'1A: sr: to extend iu* provisions of an act approvedai. ,»'»u»-rs, anmfor >>Uwr puriwrnes." to th« Ultea. his own eoamtry. Mama were many deaf mutes in Japan, not throw cold water upon the affair." W h i s k e y _ * ) . T . S a l t ' s river Bourbon, eold by all J n o w t .K e a t u c k y HEftkHAS B CO.,BCBDSAIX'BASNTCA LrwTMTVT Is prepared by ecsnbmteg_ arniQa, with apenetrating vegetatoe ail. For all ate ACHBB ABT> fArNHThai human flesh ta hoar to, Kta wkhoot squal. Rhenasatism, Brwtaaa, Hpisiss.Museum on their way.n u HAM,, oa ntoMKsamt.Every day shows some new beauty in this fine coueep-. on. tbe four raws of stately trees that line this avenueV' ivo os each sidnj, when seen from any elevated position,hiit more espeoStlly from the Observatory, show thai/rent eaje must ban been used 03 planting them, for they cAU art reccimiirjn the survey of the Grand Chemere large quantity of soap and perfumery. He stated Japanese snd North American Indians, when the formerPais in the Side sad Breast. Bore Threat, Be., yield to a tear applieatioos. Beware af oeunterfeas, aa* buy aaaa baa BLRI.hALL'Sorujaialarueie. Bold by all draggaateems.RYANT'g I'NRIV AUJUl KTOMACH BTrTEBS.iin:, state of Li^aiaian*, as approved by the surveyor n.•'»; and f<ir ethrr purposes.An ac' for the r»-lie* of the Ut-irs or legal representn- | : . e s . I .lean MndryAn art to rha«fe the lime fir hoVUng the ci^irts in the t:ve conveniences of American and Japanese bats has in- that several Japanese words nearly coincide with wordsthai they had very little soap or perfumery in Japan,and that ail they had came from China and Holland. Afterwere at San Francisco.In their phyt^-cai conformation and looks they are gene-this, he aaid, they would buy these articles of Americans,and the trade would be quite largo. A trial of the reta- rally considered very much alike, whilst- it is well knownare *as straight to a line " This place seetnj» to be the iiomt« f attract for mothers and children, for here tbeBduced several of the Japanese to order hats from a well having the same meaning, spell the same, pronounced theknown New York establishment, and their head um same, in tone of em Indian tribeu. For instance, the brellae wiM doubtless soon be at a discount, and sharetheBiteoftheirtrowsers. Japanesewordforhasteisaaartt;theOregonIndianLwter* hare been received frinn the Mint, at Phila- word for speed is as flak This is on ly one of some half delphia, with full staiu: 1 ico in regard to the relative dozen words that were comjiared and found to be almost•Tit- abertv; mtentleather :- '<nt w i t h heFifty Tear* Kzpcrtcatca In the Vm HOLLOWAT'P Pilfcs and Ointnnent m all scrofulous and cuta-CHILTONON THECSOTONDectermg the conBTrwction «* the act entitled an actg.ik^tshither provisiomtTor the satiawaetkm of Ykgima enterum.'d at every apartment he visited. The private their memorable journey to America. Several of the Ja- nausorjrf summer houses made out of the branches andtond^ warrwato._sgmro^|nsmi|t«rooma of the Princes ware, of course, inaccessible, theirIilustnowMlahat'saosnotreceivinganybutofficialvtsitt, highly pleased with the arrangements. An immenseiruohwol trees, which form in many cases very grotesqueli cres. Tbesa are also very nice retreats, where theweary,qj*)resttors time;aad numbersyesterdaytook GAMUT*.inthe4bthyearofbisage.fwbroary S, 1hah* paytoeurtamThe reiatives and friends of the family are respectfully mvited to attend tbe funeral, from the rciMence cf hit brother ai-iaw. Ko 8fM Pearl street, on Monday5 ^^^a>_ mv^ __ ^_fc._.-j.^#a_-B^ssamaaB •jrho ha-.'* Boea •oft mud to their iisaiiinni it the navy Bad tea higherBar therahefofFur the Jomt•• -JLBB^hBBidJj BB^aaflgBaaEsS Baaaarlfihfiatt.OaaaStoaaaOtow l^s«Thaa4Jafan«ae, for the Japaaeoe characters « « t anaail aad deiicatoly prtotod. fhrnntnto Baahsection of the act ofpanese have visited the Niagara and expressed themselvesam* aUowmg ao barbarian persona in their evea the colored waiters, whom theylied." We loaod Sakamoto, a Bright 'sBaaM ajiunanaa yeam eld, aad a brother of_A __, the doctors, aawaattoa*/ oagaged at traaacribmg Author txmg the refundiug of osgwawl wawsef expended lish characters frost a hook which lay open before him, %y wdltaaVat Hooper white acting as Secretary of Uah and wham, upon exaathmtion, we were mrprieed to findIVrrltory. mPr<.>f*wmitogivehackpaytoreMredoratoppmaStoors as «'I hope m a n watt,** "My ccaaaalaaaam to theamount of baggage belonging to the Embassy, which they have accumulated here, is already swatting storage, aad much mora at likely to be added. Several casks of elegant crockery have likewise been sent aboard by government for their use. and the pre- sence of an ice house, with other incidentals of s gastronomic character, indicate that the "Inner man'*will not be neglected during the voyage. AmongthepresentstotheJapanesebygovernmentisa bats*, mounted with two superb brass guns, which have been manufaclured expressly for the purpose.The armament of the ship is in perfect order, aad, ex- cepting the aadehaaz duties of the carpenters now at work, she is ready to sail. M » to be regretted, however,fcdvantage of their shades.Tffi CAVE, OE GBOTTO.oftwdxmg the Mghohouoe at Oowego sad mtiMmgsFor the am HI Itog•the b therewith.-Somewhere about half way betwoeo the Oi^rvatory at two o'clock, without further mxitattoa. Ha>For the relief of ChwHss W. CBIhW.ano the fcdo at a mysterious looking pathway which leads nnoer thr tall aarrow arch nS what (hat tor ita uniform i.in«aras««> tea.to be taken for anatoral bridge. The t*itb leads to the lake; but before passing aader the arch, if the stroller tarns to the left into another little path, he will enter into a small, dark cave; baton pursuing his searchhewillfedthecavewidensandbecomesloftieras he advances, asst light frost the teher aad sooa after ap- wwra. 4» entetsmf from the cave, after passing through IITie ihX hlateBat the end of a litik inlet of the lake; ami on one si**, with someshght trouhk,, heiwtll p«- ceive a fort M natural staircase cut hi the rocks, bywill be taken to Calvary Cemetery.California and Rhode Island pajiers phase copy. Cower—On Fridav, Jus* 32, CBaaaat aassar, aged 78yean, a native of Castle Bahan. county Cavan, Ireland. The friends and acquaintances of the family are tavited to attend his funeral, that (Sunday) afternoon, at twa o'clock,fromhistoteresidence,Ko.388Eastthirteenthstreet.BSALY.—On Saturday, June 28. Fkaaca, brother afOwen and James Healy. aged 3* yean.The relat:ves and frieada os the hmiTy are reapectfUBytevited to attend the funeral, this fSoaday) aftaaaeon. at two o'clock, from the reetdcace 01 bis brother, haw 33 Cherry street.yesterday, aad was most bospttahly received aad»K BThe relaiiveb and fjnenda of the fatally are respectfully nvttedte attend the funeral, this (aunilay) aftoraoon, at" iteerywatt.i«r, aad his at, for he remams--st-a. BENf|VATfWO AADBfATatopics arc i fnarVlJ T i l * * * * * * »** l e k r a « w t . T h e n C M H I •allowed us to divulge theprince ha* i t o w provinces m the North of J av* thousand soldiers under hisUpon hat re- th« prince, who at r country its schools, army, and he hmka the prtone away of mar Btveatmaja. They la Japan, hat be thinks that theSano 01tends to regard toto purchase some of our ships, and par ticntorlj be desires to know the price of one of our ateam-ships, wkh an exact accoaat of its ton;other part icuiars. They have ao w r y aaodlmlBanotlikeaayshy,foghewas aawtoverysea sick, some years ago. while cratetng aboat among tba Japaneoe islands, ami the attack at renewed every time he r^aailtog: but still ships are very good things, and bisK w dl Buy them. Bono to very anxious to hatoaat aad a visit te Governor's Island is upon the pro.whichhave aa good systems of military tactics or strategy, and need improvement to that respect. Be is studying several works upon tba subject fornity of enjoy ing a etxoU with their families through th-Uoastx Oetinii, Cua? 189, Jtont 1_,SX, 75, 2», €3, 8, fl. If, 38, 43, 38, 39, «0,70.13.aaaav Cosswuawast h m u r , Ctaat BVJans St MS*. 20, 4, 48, 10, 72. 54, 06, 31, 34, 37, 7 8 , T B , 44.FSAvr*. BJtoAfiBrrrs A 00..Miaauare*. <'abinets, (3BP Fuitcca street.afa*B*fjB•fltradaavtnrer-s Sid Ok>*es.liearv Box's,aaastoBaara teas."Prtde" of NewV ark city—the Central Park,similar stamps, the gratificatioawof writing one's own the edification, also, of his honored prince. In war the mer, also released for a few hours from the cares of busi-of the Japanese wifi^sakeThe for- Japaaeoe use only swords, but fight very bravely. The ness, make- his way home so as to be able to accompanyscribed. From a careful compnrieoo of scone of those ; treated to a display of the Japanese sword exercise-rfiit, roads to tb> Park, and, perhaps, for a longdistance, theautographs, written by the asme person, upon 1 thrust awl parry—in illustration af these remarks, ami Fifth avenue may be considered as pleata.Lt a road for theI found the Japanese very quick and expert swordsmen. Sen© Kawaye's bat was next compared with the Major's Texan sombrero, which was almost as extensive, and the Japanese article was much ridiculed, the difficulty with which the wearer could take it off to apedestrian is that direction a* any, especially daring the present month. The front gardens of the nt>bk man <•ion.- load the air with delicious perfumes arising from the large quantities of roses and Bflaeysuckh-s that arevarious eccacioBS, we are led to believe that sometimesthe harassed tsnaneoe write words meaning anythingbat their names, or polite sentiments of regard, and wodo not blame them if this be true. It might benefit the lady in the street, and the distance atrecipient*, however , and relieve the Japanese of s great which the lady would be before the hat's numerous now in full bloom. More especially might be noticed the Charles S. Dusenbury. our saereaaorm.act approved May «. pest. If some of these so-called autographs were literally strings were untied, being especially remarked upon and beautiful apjiearance and almost intoxicating fragrance afiissis. Bunt B nasenrmrv. raasoaBWBB have Bad for a la— grease and swmt ajMSs ftoss attfc aad wnollea aaadaGovernor OkJen, of New Jersey, accompanied by severalmembers of the Legislatore of that Stole, visited thehotel yesterday morning to invite the Ambassadors to consequence. The sword which Kawaye wears is a greatd e l a y e d , te excellent pantomime, bv Sakamoto. The Base past the Baassgaas nut of saw aaasaraetorasg and shaving of the foreheads and beards was, we were told, a of the garden belonging ti the Ooton Aqueduct Reser- paifsssiiHi aad as tea whole saadaaaaaaaat fa aaw laIn bottiesat lae.. Sto. and ate. Saul to DraaSaSfl BBS*new fashion in Japan Formerly ail wore their hair as voir, which fronts on this avenue. Although it is a factwe do, but about two hundred years ago a •• new law" was passed, and the present style of head-dressing is thethat the tower or down town end of this once select andartstocrat.c nc;gB*«rhood has been turned into stores,Perfect Plttiatar ShirtsMOODrs ghirt Manufactory Broaiway.curiosity It is about four hundred years old, and lias 1 still a marked itaarovemcLt is going onward .a the up-take a ride to Trenton, and shortly after came a delega-tion of the Mayor sad Aldermen of Jersey City to extend all that time. Kawaye expresses his determination to >been handed down from father to son through ! per part. The little wooden shanties are fast disappear-present it to his son, when he has one, but at ing, and fine brown stone mansions taking their place. Lock 9tlu,h and bliutUe i»;«in« Macaiufw.in-esent he is blessed only with a daughter, andit is much too large for her. As Sano is only gressing and ehoftiy we may expect to see its white Beatwer Ctemtls;.-nrs from the Japanese, and it is hinted that in these they quantity. Last eveuing. m return for the many kindness « tween curb and curb. As this thoroughfare must ne-intend 10 take the honors at the ball to-morrow evening. Davenport s - Tommy song" has ateo charmed a pair of trowsers from Tommy's trunk," aad Dotty follows suit, in the character of Douglas, andshown them, they invited the Lelauds to a Japanese col- lation, with dishes of soup, fish and raw codfish, all in the Japanesestyleandeatenwithchopsticks.cessarily become very much used after a short time, this is certainly an Improvement. Vehicles that enter at one of the entrgaacs can leave at another and arrive at theplaceofstartingwithouthavingtoretracetheir ground, and need not fear the collisions likely to ensue by many travelling a narrow street.Jaaianese Ball.—Ladles, Ifyo«wish80TBS BECETTION BALL, the latest fashion from Jeddo. The London Is creating a gn at excitement in all circles. Last night We now enter the Park. The first thing we meet is alook extra iiaudsome, nroenre a bottle of I.AlKfl'K UauidPear1., the beat br.uttfler and preserver of the skin iu the He has ''touehsd aad toatad" das aa what «Bra afOte. aadjroom*, and by midnight the entrances from the dining road—carriages; can pass this nay.' But the board «,,- ntubhorn facts. through. Everybody seems applying for tickets, and the upad indicated. A barricade of rails was stretched alongworld. 438 Broadway.Ba\t< b e i u r s H a i r Oyw.prooouaced R " Oeod—very saach good. ' It a the true M e a dof the eonstkation, aad its fame a deatlBed to spread from tea s centre of crrilisation to wherever rrnnlrsiil reaokre a tuasfsiisr for the Kiiimt.ru and bowels. Principal Osaat far Bead's law-•RE PIMHStO IS THX SOCiflt.An a<-t for the relitf of lownaeod iaarrix, his heira or rooms of the hotel to the theatre and saloon were cut so placed that it Might be difficult to tell which was thefactory, I* Hood I applied la tiprtvaadrl-'/»i refWAMaatotives.AI 1 t fur the relief of It. 6. Farragut.An n< t toeoastimte Tampa Bav, m l"k>rida, a port ofdU-t-ry.An tu •• ft* the rei*ef of Jihn BrannAn.AJL «I- for the relief of Wittwu B. Shubriiik.The Japanese arc inordinately fund of sugar, and were wildest rumors are afloat in regard to them. One storythe drive, but there seemed to be a side entrance, and a young niir. on horseback, thinking that must be the •temporary road,'' went through there; he tried it, bat found that, having proceeded about a sixteenth of a mile, he had to turn back, s» his path was blocked up with another lotofrails Withnogoo1gracehetriedanotherdirection, which although 11 led somewhat out of the way proved to be more satiatfctnry. The cause of the blockade of the drive is the conawuction of a bridge over the bridle road, running from t(jr back of the arsenal along the edge of the lower lake, and thence onward to the other side of ti.e J'ark. This fridge is likely to be a very noble struc- ture, and is being built cf the best Philadelphia brick andus to follow their fashions seems to be falsified by thesedon COrdBJ Gin. ]]S East TweMr mnlh street. K. T. AT JOSBtr, M ABD II ABB BTBSWf-A BSof SBsas aad Oauars at 8S Oafi sad ass tosaa.mitteehavingnot onlyshutoff thesupply of liquors inture is somewhat after the Italian, and tbe upper part wp lie composed of one hundred and twenty batfatcrs, besides ornamental panel work.' The arch will he twenty-five feet span by about twenty feet in height, and one hundred and six feet from out to'out The bridge is being built by contract, by Metiers. Stewart B Howell.Not very far from this structure excavations are now being made for pstlmg up a very handsome white marble bridge, several amaons are ai work now, and have been ior seme time past, preparing the stone, and we may shortly expect to see a very splendid addition to theSi»s« r'a Beat Maaafitftariaewill be hired out for the present, at low rates, to reauirata ofKew Tfork, Brooklyn ami tv-uiihnishurg, with the prtviiegt of Ivealer* who may have experienced aay illBs nMj tethe committee room, but having also passed a resolutionl>e allowed to sell no wine to the guests, as it would not i do for the Aldermen to invite ladies and gentlemen to a , ball and then allow them to supply themselves with wine fA Grorrr <B Ba ker Kstaclcaa Bcwiataj 1«at-chine is the best friend of the family. Office 486 Broadway. New Turk, and I S Fulton street, Brooklyn.ORIOTN (>r SOUTH AMSKICAM TSOt A S ' .Some curious and interesting facts were elicited con-manv" fine' speciasens already erected. eemewhat behind us, we now arrive atLeaving theseexactly the same as above.One of the Japanese officials, who seemed to besandstone ttliwc conautotes thcedent article for the purpose. The lasTrumaat ta tacuT*> ^^J^TZ&SSTZKXbe attributed to the Untiiug of their junks on our shores, j The Japanese junks have cruised about a good deal more and a good deal farther off from their own shores than is i generally supposed or even believed possible. More than ! lorty-six years a^o a Japanese junk was cast away on j• .ji-itrurted a hsantiful ornamental bridge and terrace, with wide, handaame steps leading dowu to the edge of lake Wbe-usCumpieted a finer view of this splendidDr. Marsh Coautamea to Apply HisClAHrLL B WOOD, iCCCBSSO] / now opened daetr sew "TOSCAHTLL. alarseao*m r i MISACUldBB,Hiiii»bmeni((for hreakiug the rules of the park, by treading 1848,fellinwithadisabledjunk,andtookfruiher'•sianedurocbrid»whichspansthelake,atD i e d .Brirro*:.—In Brooklyn, on Friday. Jane 22, after a pro-00 draught, u. spieadat order, Aiiaupp'a and 1 Ale. M.-ikeijetai's Alioa Ale, aad O DohBatome fifteen or twenty of her crew and carried them into Hie (Ahotak Sea, and landed them untiliv at Lahams, after taking them to three different Japanese ports, and having them nearly ei^ht months on boardIt is from this fact, and the supposition i» a very phtusi- ble one. that a Japanese junk may have been blown upon the Oregon coatst some hundreds of years ago, from| jIBS KAMBLS.Here we scaiBtly meet with any other tlian happy,Burton, B. 15.The friends of the family are respectfully invited toattend tbe funeral, from the"residence of his parents, No. 112 sand* street, on Monday afternoon, at two o'clock.It RE BOTEBON WEleEET MILLS' BOIKBONIA!a. S. atSNDCBL MTLLS' BOrBBONLA.Joint resolntion to the alleged *>mure snd ctmdemna- we can only notice that -paid by the Japanese Governor whence originated our North American Indians. Beforegion of the American hark Adriatic' by the French aa- and Namura, the chief interpreter, in charge of Council the expulsion of the Jesuits, previous to 16S6, the let er i«reate. aiid'when found, makes the echoes ring attend th* raswrnl. Bote ber late residence, 881 First ave- F C. wrSLLB B CO.. No. IU Franklin sLroeL Bhontiea. man Tan Tine, to the Novelty Works, where all the pro- Japanese bulk sea going vessels, but after that time, in h bis merry laughter, as he goes off again wite. b,s nue, this (Sunday) morning, at half peat aiaa o'clock, BEGENAN A CO.. No. BB BrearlwayA iilttwjxing the emarg*>ment *>f, and eonwtruclioo of, a iv-we* of manufacturing were shown them. They were self awaaaaa, to provant their people from leaving their -p. mgy step, th* sure sign*of a light heart. Here, also, to the church at the toamaculate Conception, Fourteenth BAB1NKR B VASAL Boa. IS aad U Park row, aad, thoagh much that government cannot afford to furnish her with the which he can amaaat to the upper worM. That case atthan Tommy, M sel- hotolBathwa or the theatre.full complement of men necessary to make her complete m aa efleetivn war vusstd. aha is short at toast oae bna- ared aad fifty BMO, and in case of emergeaoy could workoaly eight of the twelve eaormons gunsisprovidad. aawhafiBoaraaadcrewaroafBaaatBf: and the appearance of the Niagara ta the bay of will dauntless greatly -astonish the natives ** H tow-tea: in a list of thecertainly a w e t ci*trived piece of art; so closely does it resemble natma that in a rary sheet tome from aesr the gaaer will scaisely be able to decide whether the wurkia the result of the labors of man or not. The bridge Be- fore spoken of at oosasraetod of roughly bewn MOB*, the arch of which Js ttftoen feet high by about four maad six atof*!betWaljartMB oFtheBamble strike* the'beholder atma. Members af awSSBBB Ledge, L O O . F., aad tV ito *he era*toOfm a.xtaGAJU-with aiorc etSjat than previously. Here Baay be seen some splendid specimens of the blue bells, fox ahr***members of the pohee af the Fourteoatt preeutct. are r- t . mv .»ed to attend. Bat aaBBBBB arB be BBEBS to—On Saturday. June B ,W._X. Brow* Juha6«*H; Wto,lf.lja»-Y de Krafft. David Porter MeCBrbte, Seward E-sweet wBliBBBi ana roses abaaat without the boulders and rocks, creeping aad without amaadh away boOverBsctfaBy ia Newark terto the city and aa ornament to the neighborhood.Beyoud" this patet for a few blocks the road is not quite so pleasant to travel, being newly made, or rather, we should say, undergoing a course of reconstruction. Having got over fltia difficulty and arrived at what will shortly be the Fife avenue entrance, we first notice mStraw Hats— 73 Castts, Sit Uewtn's. St3 Broadway.gtraaicnaadteamaalies of Prof«saw POWLBBw •ogical rablnet. B» BtnadwaywinasroG or nrrr srsTB STESXTS t e l a w a OveiSnamgHerrtriar'sBurglar Proo? at Tar*.whsasiwttheurtA Cham—Bettrtaw from bmrlnaax. wa avast aaoarraOy ra- eomntend to our fHeads sad toe public, Mr. Jasaaa Boat aadaands their facilities are thejatme sasThiai oojoved o» asL t A B t A C O .rsllf BMBraadwag.» — « — Bsaas-W hiIta, rata Havttor. *i Btnae Straw Hast awkaw dBto oaah. HiBroadway, o , ?louter-tt--• u?' *'«. aad are hi wadt sf a t eTbe Diaphragm FUter, •asnfaetnrs> old srentlemaB] rehes along till he is tired, and then neous Affection* attended with debility and impure blood, has A O Bar*, a the tuid of Porpooa Filter to 1exserh what you can do best. FOWLER * WELLS. Phreno t wu£ intended (8 a "'public bath house,'' others contend legists. 3Ut>Broadway.i'oc structure waidesigned, some persons assertuig thatma that the plesaare boats of the lake were to be there. i -erltil taces. the lover takes advantage of the mazy itiiricacieB of the walks to whteper "sweet nothings" into i •lie ear of his darling, while the birds overhead (forI l J w s l v eW i g ,w t t hl a -j irotes ac U to encourage them. Here the laughing, beloved wife of Charles Beekmaa.> b- -bt I'ved boy ffhiys at hide-and-eo seek with his Ris- The friends of the family aro respectfully invited to for ah tuhweaarj otanphtata, stabms, bronahtet, I11 piwhUy pleased with a couple of steam fire engines,which were sec running, in locomotive style, for theiramusement. Tommy has been engaged in making visits 1 pen sterns, in order to cetupol them to stick to the coast. '. 1 tie other thefatofui pleasures of their first loves.all day, but has found time to write the letter of thanks The fact claimed by some that the Japanese are in all Ihe ••••eno-cnVdjte lake, as it first bursts 00 the towsr-to the phrenologists, the results of whose examination or respects a superior race—better looking, further ad- '••r k i c the Bon bridge and turning to the right, c«en icv ited to attend the funeral, from the residenre of hi* rWlhcg at tow prices at EDWARD D1 rove our theory, because their rude manner of livuie --aw ,» a»t tnatleautiiul—lovely?'' The swans (fc* they noon, at two o'clock, without further isvitatioa. earner af Aator place sad Th*d aad was wTittea without any a?statonce, aad we give it in ais and peculiar habits may hare in the course of many years I ue.t all pouased) ami other aijuatlc birds, form plenty DKtKT.—On Thursday, June 7, at Quakertown, Pa., Mrs 1> k *Dais Six*—1 am much oblige to yon the history xbend aome paper and the letter with it whole my head around—taking in at a glance the inviting easy chairs-,OF EADWAY a P1LLHTO ALLOT:MBSICATIOBCave owd^vartotyte^sapwaw^a^iitaMl raaisas aflte.aaSn^tIte^T, *lT'!*!T ""' ' ^ ? _ SA DWATHBrmi&as>cftsae,aaal was ssjste abta a»aa>y ttto. Myaasan wassffeversaybodyaadthraashaayIJ<•• lata—ssflh B by stesraat aaawa. 1 w a a l i a i a i w a l i l . bad I ti srtasaaE^htor has a haahhy aum aasaM as~tetost I aas aas rAY'8 aaVOCLATISOreamtaatton. 1 shall take it to Japan and esteemed much, doctor Kawaaak* at also much pleased hare been receivethe yielding carpet, the elegant upholstery, to say nothing of the comfortable state rooms, swmging berths and bed- room furniture of the state room*—that be is upon salt water. ETerythiiif that can conduce to the comfort of the distinguished guests has been provided, and the plea- sure they will derive from then- careful treatment on ship- board will ao doubt be a satisfactory termination ofitl a m truly your friend, _ _ ^ , _ TATEEH ONOJHWMTimmy}TBS JArAHBBS DMOur r» porter ranted the private Japanese quarter of thew.-cihtr this will be a delightful retrukt.^scattered aboat in various parts of tbe Ramble are aUntitled Document"h? byadatenat route -sdit,weaaaTfear day* sa that :loot Uose nswrteas, aadw ttb all kinds of horasakea asof a8 ranks aad the young cterk who>aaithat by t aw?TTba a-ipads aad rehattves ef the Btmily areHcteore we axgauini meet teha* yoaa* geatkm?sB out toe mystery of th* "ues*. Kdtow, met wuh a ahgh* staval*m"trid,hJ.Bss» " that "our her* serrated agaht aad toft dasstreet j Brooklyn, Tins tnnadii^it>Baaxx —Oa iwtwrday. Jmsc fiJLtex, of rraach aad atose O'aairSw.A bad aa Bfrth,To haaas, hi aaaveeTbe aatw -eto-asd BBhss af tto BMBB*Bivited te atteed fh» fuse-rul, torn JBr parent* Ko. 89 rarfc tareaa, to-sr-vrowaa brawbr ...s addem to tbe bennttos «t thehnuaa yesterday, oar Ontral Park « O'cJock- 'the fair sex tb*a by tbe other, toe** •flBBt graver mat tor* *baii atess-ureBate.—Oa .l>>telJ|rrii'T>B_..hBSi B. The frrso^«fB»iaTaiiy, ah*) thebav*1, frost 1Alias* Coxnm., in the SOtb year of bis age.The relatives and friends of the family are leaper.tfallyT> KFR fUESATOSh, CREAMICB FTTCHHBBH a n u s — O aBanua.seaaf JamesW. aadCatherteo M. 15 months and Many*GcoaexSaturday, Jane 2S,ofcroupaaw o'ctock.frooa the remdanae af hat pareau,188 "afaad Barbel lantfilui, agedinvited to attend taefuaaral, flraa the raaidar^Ba «fMo. S B Went Twcaxy-Bftb street th 1 (9cBday •at twoelttotk. McL*c*ax».-Oa BaBardayThe s-hBds and relat.Stat ar* raspesBfe aag tor ] tend the funeral, frostta Oivler.»tA . BMWTHINI PICE FOBAEs»y dtaawea h a h a jrABENOTATINw1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 