 re to tie>ratrfjfcl, >awill aotVJthathe jAiiectioii; moaarckarea* Mx. latitudes ire, as\de of the ha* nevec country. [tstently by kenoughbrick,* in the wall $13, and at the yards from $7 after which, Gen. Coombs shook hands cordially W*th j laughable account pf the whining of Southern Seces- ftoma National »*^^T]WTM!nd Vermontwanted? IhearW*»411th, passed Cape Race at 7 o'clock thi« evening, and ratainly hadarighttoexpectbetterusagefrom wasinterceptedbythenewsyachtoftheAssociatedannounced that Salmon P . Chase, present Governor cause was jast, and our truk was ^ M » whojJ- ^ J J1-4 Baaoa |th bit o*ra 'a election legated ia tho and of where he i whereparty it id and the glas's ad- aper lookm dead, ace weald TheDora-lir.Doag rissatrsps Dasted it;itor itlikaouldshow., remains j le corpus jre is caa- -. Douglas w oppor-bvember , :fi?> » e » - wsky ani for slam- jxf mora-•tail, e s t light his The buii- will be &.>ct a tail, without bankrupt atapno-will be I)*sittingarch Mr. able for a •dd be preiJ<rjrnalof e Election Hw *sgre-,Xf«JUtTT.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Oct 10.—The salesDEMONSTRATION.—Itwill beseenthis he had to say, that we, as Republicans, would do,so far as we knew, equal and exact yuetioe to every section of the country; and if there was any complaintit should be totally and entirely undeserved. [Ap- plause.] If they wanted to fret, and quarrel, and makea disturbance, they should have the entirepriviiedge of doing so subject to the Constitution. W e shouM not interff re with them at all. Butthen we were forJTnionv and the Constitution, and the enforcement of the la ~*. [Applause.] And if there should be anybody ; ra*h enough to attempt to- break, up tour* JUnion, in all probability he would b e tried,. and the law would be executed upon him. IX there was anybody who wanted to break down oar I Constitution and use any traitorous aad treasonable means to effect it, the probability was that he would ex- perience consequences ia such cases made aad pro- vided. If anybody wanted to resist the laws of theUnited States, it was altogether probable tbat be wouldfind Uncle Sam, with Ola Abe as bis counselor, morethan a match for him; and if his friend, Gov. Wise, oranybody else, should think it worth while to put intoexecution any of those threats they had made—whiohhe was perfectly convinced they would not—if theyshould undertake to march to Washington—not to seizethe Treasury, because there was nary red ia it, tneywould not attempt tbat now, however much theymight have done eo in 1856, had Mr. Fremont beenelected, when the Treasury,contained $17,500 000; iftbey ehould attempt to take the archives at Washing-ton, it was altogether probable that these Wide-Aw8kes would be on hand. [Cheers.] If the Southwould let us we would live with them as brothers, aadwe would say: Come with us into the Territoriee, andyou shall find a welcome to every right aud privilegewhich we ourselves enjoy. Only we ask w«i«u we ourselves enjoy, uniy we ast yoa[Cheers] That wae fair, just aud honest. Hesure it was the path of ptace, and he was sure it was>^ the path of honor, aad he was sure that the path of peace and honor, respecting the Constitution, maintain- ing the Union, and violating no law, was the path also of prosperity and.peace and glory. [Applause.] Tbey in Ohio had tried to do their part in upholding this glorious cause. Tbey thought tney had done right ia so doing. They committed this cause to u?, the People oi New-York, wholly assured that as they had done so we would go and do likewise, and also much more. [Loud and prolonged applause.] «•»another preamble, that of the ordinance of '87, whichablazewiththeflamingtorchesoftheWide-awakes, ;wasequaltoit.ItwasadoptedbyalltheStates,andall Wide-Awakeswhohadenteredthewigwambefore. . . 15.654.Ob:o ,se msjority lection ia Repub- rs. The*oat aota-5B-re.-28.ltt:*T a...ll.49t ...163 6eeaey spare as a Bold b* >rb anyttefactory JYL Y AMIAOta has the of Indiana vote*, and 56. E.ti-ie Journala,s«i tricks. . . . 1J.ST1. . . KQ20 b may pos- TiAt will hraa State 3 MembersSt> m both 1854) gavegiven thi*' una*« and State it at i- wot donechance of '"***'., savetheir tern- dead loss. theFa*kn rcttoo, was tt that thehther more sum *>ent district* of.$50,000.: a rote audi cfccpublica* U e whvlfr n-gioh may;at^aamber;ef !y given,; ,t> -j. di:r>bI* •L u«e* wha t*^vefoxbeen iBeued:on the part of his friends to rescue him, but thestreets were guarded at night by fifty armed men. FIRST DIVISION CITY Wins-AwAKKH, ORDKR NO. 5.—The liberty is than despotism for Europe. The Democraticproposed to insert the word persons instead was de- the Republican majority in Broome to aa amount that nounced by Mr. Calhoun as an abolitionist. Tbe will astonish the "natives." but'also swell the aggre-3.115along mail routes. The Postmaster-General hasgiven them no quarter. If the offender does not . meet the draft, off goes his' head. By the way, I learn that criminal proceedings have been instituted_www.fultonhistory.comsaagfeM•i<bureau officers and chief clerks honorary membersand firmness.On Saturday evening a prominent aspirant for—At theWall ratification meeting in Williamsbargh, by spitting in the face of one of its editors. On on Monday nightj, the Thirieenth Ward Wida-Awakes» r «wk purpose, bat who yielded withtuch^heer- ialneM as taeycoaiaiummoatotheprosearebroaght t o bear upon them. They wiU have need of all their patience and self-control when they learn, a fortnight hence, what a very bad speculation they have made of i t .The Hon. George Briggs has definitively with- drawn from4;he contest in the VHth Congressional District The Brookses were too much for him.They go for Mr. Wolfe, the Tammany and Schie- dam Schnapps candidate^ It is all in the way of business, you see. ]gr. Wolfe is a vender of schnapps* *nd has adre?tisements to give. Mr. Briggs is ocly a consumer, aad doesnt advertise the feot in The Exprts*. The Brookses therefore.go for Wolfe. But while Mr. Briggs had nooauseIfill Mi • «»<*TAtriie stand-point.Th^ people*o look for other treatment from that quarter, he and n*.vr theDemocrats, particularlytheDouglasbranchofof miners are! leaving daily,, to spend the WinterattheirhomesintheStates. v A.D.R. learnedthenameofMr, Kerronthebackof the noteandSenatorelectofOhio,wouldbepresentaridspeak. ajustcaase,andwehadndltheslightestdwa*t.^** theremit. Gentlemea told as that J h w ^ * * TMJOT front iigarshyT trioity ge of a&>ry, bad: oarpoae, t t i t ti>.idranc© \ i^BUd "havement to it uko hi* ,od in ths*pr«*poc te,them. He served them when no other man could serve them so well. He sacrificed for them when s o other man could be found willing to sacrifice so much. But i; teems they have got through with tarn, just S3 they will be through with the rest of the BeH-Everetts. Mr. Briggs and his friends jhave good reason for complaining, but no better Xeason than thousands of others will have when the end of the Fusion bo*ite «e shall have come.was a forgery, he not having 8ign€d it himself nor au- ladies. Before the organization of the meeting, there got ap for the purpose of malting B>paWw* «*»thored anyone to do so for him. Ex-Governor Da- were two or three brief speeches, and several songs tremble was that there would be a dwtar. »-Press. . *The dates by the City of Washington are foar days 1-ter than per Arabia.The steamship Jura, from New-York, arrived at Liverpool on the 9th. 'Details of the battle of Toltamo have been received. It was a most protracted and bloody struggle; but the Neapolitan army was finally driven back in great dis- order to the fortress of Capua with anertimated loss of over 3,000 men kOied, beeida 5,000 taken pris- oners. The forces of Garibaldi lost from 1,200 to 2,000 men, No movements have taken place since the battle up to the latest advices.W e have received from Mr. Edward Lambert aletter, positively denying that he has contributed without any change of moment. $1,000 to the funds of the Fusionists.' Mr. Lam-fcert also says:There were nearly,two handred seats oscupied by reasonfor alarm. The last idea which hejlh ***Institute,.this evening. Gen. Coombs is one of the bravest and frankest men in the country. W e trust that, in the course of his remarks this even- ing, he will have the kindness to inform the public fcow it happens that he is here in New/Fork making speeches for Breckinridge and the Disanionists and Secessionists, against whom he has so gallantly battled in KentuckyTHE LATEST NEWS, RECEIVED BYB. (so the operators report). W e are, consequently, without our full commercial and nows report from Liverpool, as well as the one-day-later repoit from Queenstown.]• • *T h e N e w - M l c x i c a n M a l l . INDEPENDENCE, MO., Tuesday, 0>st. 23,1860.melt. Fusion thus seeming to be lost, confusion im- mediately arose, and the wildest disorder reigned. In- sult and ihvecjtive, and all sorts of vituperation took the place of argument and or<?er, till it seemed as if the Union men w^re trying to make Tammany rowdyismSIR: Ithaebeen discovered that last year friuda-lentvoteswerecastbypersons whose residences as registeredwere found to be the number* of vacant lots. AB this mods oi wires flashed to as the intelligence that Oregon hid chohtiug might b^ Buccessful again, even in the thickly popu-lated Eleventh, Seventeenth! and "Eighteenth Wards, a vimpleand effectual plan has been suggested, one that might be adoptedby the persons employed to look over the registry litts in can-vassing before the election, and used by the Republican Inspect-!West, North aud South. rr ~~ *u« fii«WA.'vnnaa»;AnMAGriETIC TELEGRAPH. From Washington.W ASHINGTON, Taesday, Qct 23,1860. ANOTHER EFFORT.—The Knickerbocker Wide-Awake Artillery Com-*• >ti • ,woJ ^ w K S S S wh*t was it that we wanted. We wanted to oe nd oi^ * « Jo** slaves in your Stetea behind yoa. [ ,^u , "Wo.«,„«*•«,•» ;„i* „„A I.^^. n*..' yielded to the temptation of converting the publicmoney- to their private use daring the long term, indefinite number of personal affrays. The trialYork, who read several articles of the Kepublican plat- suggested amendments to the Constitution. Virginia • rotten carcass cf Americanism and joined the great form," and proceeded to show the consistency of this, and Rhode Island asked for a guaranty securing the army of Freemen, and from now until election willexecution, a political convention, a fire, and an ' when the Post-Office Department could not legally of James A. Gordon, which was progressing beforeavowal of principle, and to hold it up in cpntraet with the principles of the Breckinridge, Douglas, and Beil- oc-$cy—the latter only working on the principle ofrights of freemen, bnt New-York asked that it be pro-vided that "no person ehall be deprived of his life or lib- epeak for the cause of Freedom and humanity in dif- erty or property without due procefs of law.''. [Cheers.] ferent sections of this State, carrying with him thou- / 6ni the words proposed by New-York were adopted. sands who will not he sold to the Sham Democracy. Some years ago Mr. Calhoun introduced an amendment He takes decided and strong ground for Lincoln andthe People's Court when I last wrote, results in of giving tbem drafts upon the small Post-Offices his conviction of mur'der. There was a disposition'•f.i pmaehing the machines." The people of Italy aretesching us a les6on on the value of liberty, which isbstter than ur.ion, as it brings about the strictest union. in which tbe word slaves occurred. A member who Hamlin. His timely effort will not only tend to swell Fietdom is as much better than S'avery for Ameiica ascompensate mail contractors in the usual manneragaicstMr . Marks, the defaalting Postmaster New-Orleans.POLITICAL RECRUITING.athands of such men. His allusion to tbe ree!«ction of nearly as weD. That was to just pass the Home-ftJr. Pennington, called forth loud applause. 8e hoped stead bill. Put these Wide-Awakes in the ihat the Rt-publiconn of New-Jersey would not fail to Territories, with their 160 acres apiece, and they wouldof their fraternity, at the same ticoe demandiog $5a s an equivalent for the hooor conferred, does not Congress resented an affront from The Daily Herald,entered wirh torcbec and transparencies, eliciting tion, who also didn't care whether the man was up orxtigbt. While on th» Plalnu G««Tge Willimore was' robbed by Allen B. Warren of $300 m g>ld.'hi* earn- tude.of the impudence of Mr. Douglas, who, after villifyiog they wanted, having got Slavery into tint Territories Henry Clay all bis life, now goes about the.couutry to begin with. They purposely drew it so that it wouldings for eighteen months' labor in Utatt. coder arrest.s>Warren isfriends think oi this, before they dicgrace. their chil-Sowe of them, the speaker said, were getting old; dren. But, in addition to the parties of Messrs. Breck- true Popular Sovereignty;" aud he proposed thatinridge and Douglas, there is a very respectable Old tbe people of the Territory might, if they chose, ex- Gentlemen's p«r;y, who, after.careful and prayerful, clude Slavery. Tbia was voted down byconsideration, hive decided that they are in favor of Douglas and all the Democrats. They firsttheConstitutionandthe.enforcementofthelaws. brokedownthe.barrieragaioatSlaveryerectedbyAX V#tCU»« • aa•««••*•* «T h e U n r f a l f H o t e l .ST. Loias, Taeeday, Oc:. 23, 1860.over a newly-discovered case of infidelity to the nuptial tl.... fQBtnwggmsi n NEW-YOR& DAILYahave greatly advanced witMa the last three weeks. will rtandby, »upport. SflO^W*®1?!^'H00. *****£ ^ • ? # • then reaew, and promote suoh scenes of discord fclttldsBeces^aad^from without oi' wltbia, and Wf&u1,t ^ oltraianvwhether at tho as this country has seldom if ever witnessed.Every department of business is reviving, and a NorthorSouth." •_ " •. • party. TheL^P^^anP^^ofthe people forthe do-THE crrr OF WASHINGTON OFF CAPERACE. good deal of building is going on in Denver. Lum- .This was paraded with wmsiderable 2°ttnahr and They are not voting for anybody, only against some- posed to substitute the pewt r , ^ ^ iCdegraded SUvery ber commands from $20 to $30 per thousand ; then put to the Veterans, who adopted it|aflaaioiofl8ly? body, and trying to defeat Lincoln. Mr. Hoxie gave a minioa ofSlave power, and& S S J m We h^arJ bow698FOUR DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE. cess in saving ithe gold, fi.nd the receipts from them*.t tk v * .-:-v ''/"ft* '^'*/FROM THEPJKErS-PEAKGOLD REGION.owrt&in that the result should be accomplished. Our Campaign ClnK The Philadelphia^ wiil be escorted cate a of Republicanism, aad help on the good cause by Chicago platform said that Freedom belongedto the respective headquartere of the ,City Club3 above their presence.. Oh the platform were Denning I>uer,. to the Territories, that the Constitution nsmed, where collations «?ill be partaken of. At Stuy- epq., ex-Mayor Carpenter, and other distinguished mada it impossible that Slavery should go beyond,the veeantInstitute,No.659Broadway,afterthecollation gentemen.• •,. licitsoftheStates.TheslaveholdersthemselvesbeingFrom Our Own Correspondent,*A.V.DENVER CITY, Pike's Peak, Oct. 13,.1860.Socially, times are unquestionably reviving, and there will be speai ing and dinging. Among the speak- from inability to meet the draft* of the Post Office the gold region is againbecoming true to its ancient ers expected axe, the Hon. Benj. F. Manierre of New- ; Department. For the most part, the defaulters fame. Within the last week we have had an York, the Hon. J. A. Brings of Ohio, the Hon. J. M. Butler, newly elected Member of Congress from the First Congwsrioual District of Pennsylvania, an old stronghold of Democracy. Other Wide-Awake organ- izations will take part in the reception,'and a good dine may be looked for. The following official order hasjudges, that was a difficult mode. How did the Con- . Maj. ANDREW MOUNT called the meeting to-order, stitution come to be so formed ? At the time there was «ud introduced ELLIOTT P, SHEPARD,"eeq., of New--- a great demand for a bill of rights. Nearly every SuteEarnest efforts were made to procure hia reprive,1but the people, in a public meeting, unanimouslyindorsed the sentence of the Court, and. oh Satur-#day, the 3d inst., he was executed in the presenceAids of thi» Division will a»st:mbl<> on Wednesday Evening, th* 24th inst., at 7 o'clock, at No. 16* W«*t Thirtytsirth utreet, fall uniformed, white gloves, for parade in honor of the arrival of theparty is a bloodthirsty party; look, for iuetauce; at thefate of the noble and gallant Btoderick, who fell avictim to his defense of Freedom. It-is not e*fe thatpolitical power in thiB country should be left in theslaveholders felt that tbey could not Eve in the Terri- tories if we would put into our laws and, still more, into our votes the principles of our glorious Constitu- tion. There was another mede, which would answergate majority in the Sta'e to 100;000.Although Dick and the " Demorrat" have swallowedFusion, the masses refuse to be a partner in the tr«de. They are afraid of this political hybrid, and the 6ta of November will sound the final requim over the muti- lated corpse of the defunct Democracy. May they>e4tin peace. w*THE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK.F. DWIGHT THACHER of Lawrence, Kansas, wiEAt Bicghunton. Satardij, Oct. 37. Gen. B. F. BRUCE will speakAt Randolph Thursday, Oct. 25* AtEllicottvllle.... Friday, Oct, 26.At F r a n k l i n . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Saturday, Oct. 2T. At Lyons..... .Tuesday, Oct 80.At Manilas Station..*. Wednesday, Oct. 81.. CHARLES L. ARMOUR of Maryland will speakOF VOX.TT7Xt.NO.to$10. Flourissellingat$12perhundred,and eachmember,andthemeetingseparated.versal currency, though Messrs. Clark, Gruber <fc 17rh Ward on a charge of forgery preferred against him by Ex-Aims-House Governor Anthony Dugro. ItCo. have issued more than $100,000 of their pri- is charged that tbe accused was indebted to Jaoob vate coin. Tlie gold yield of the present year is Miller and Isaac Shauman for rent to the amount of'eionists,whoaretryingtofrightentheNorth;and Maine,pointingwithher fiW •^ f V; andthea from her green hdls, said, TTam J J fipp^auss], aadcame Pennsylvaaia, with the Qaa %TM1S Sfc« I J A O .THE GARIBALDIANS VICTORIOUS.O r e a t fcoss o f tli<e»*' N e a p o l i t a n s .followed after the close of his remarks. Cheers were lingering among as, from thenews that Oregoa is trae to Freedom.given for Pennsylvania and Indiana, andthe meeting And we bad every reason: to hope th' '•'.''' IGOV. CHASE IN1*-*^j!££u*\ J-^^Zii %$£&£&JOHKV, Mr. F., Tueiday, Oct. 23,1860.S g S i u f \ * £ m £ " The Republicans of Brooklyn crowded their hage sndvictory. [Cheers.] Soour caasewassse ^ ' ^ 1ST.The ma>l steamship City of Washington, which leftoa the side of Abraham Lincoln and Haanfta.Ltverpsol on Wednesday, the 10th, via QaetnstownThe position of affairs in the Papal States remainsm'* I individually, ae well as my copartners, hav« never grvta cite doTar for politic*] pnrpoMS, not evenfor the 42onnectuvt election; neither do we know each other's political views, nor those of any employee in oar •steb&hraent.''This statement of course settles the question.A t the same time it is proper to say that the allega ties bad slightly declined, except Corn, whtoh ia steady.LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, Oct. 10.—The Pro- vicinity. • iion that Mr. Lambert had subscribed a thousand vision market was generally doll."aollars came to as on authority which, at the time, LONDON MONET MARKET, Oct. 9.—Consols closed UNION CONVENTION —The Belleverett Btraight-outa on Tuesday at 93-i for money and 93£®$3i for account, met on Mondajy evening at Thorp's Hotel to hear thei t was hardly possible todoabt. L A TEST . news from the Committee appointed sptne time since toLIVERPOOL, Wednesday, Oct. 10.—The sales of confer with other organizations in order, if possible, to COTTOK to-day will roach from 15,C00 to 20,000 bales. The mar-Oar sometime friend. Gen. Leslie Coombs, it to set is buoyant. produce a fneton. The Committee reported that both >make a speech in behalf of Fusion, at the Cooper (Here the telegraph line ceased working east of St. John, N« Mozart and Tfjammany were obdurate and would notand County Officers, as made by him at the instigation of Fer-nando W©od. Mr. R; does not consider how absurd it is toim; gine for a single instant, that he can by his call, influence theopinions of the Israelites of this or any other oity. Thi* is to was very striking. It presented a large, well-propor-ward tendency.olo«ingIt is understood that, as the only hope of gettingBreckinridge into the'House of Representatives as aPresidential candidate, ordtrs have gone oat henceto the States of the North-west, directing the Ad-ministration Democrats to vote for the DouglasElectoralTicket ProbablythevisitofMessrs. Liverpooldatesofthe11th,andLondonderryoftie everyThursdayeveniug,atHeadquarters,No.722,RALLY.A W AKE.Cobb and Thompson to New York has reference totheraisiogof fundswithaviewto accomplishthe • superhuman effort of carrying Ohio and Indianafox Douglas.DEFAULTrNG POSTMASTERS.I hear of the default of the Postmaster at Keo- kuk, Iowa, and also of another in a leading town in Hanoi*, either Alton or Quincy. As for defaults ofsmallPostmasters,theyareasthickasleaves i n Y allambrosa. Scores are being decapitatedbrethren of the bright and shining lights. The Repub- —Tte.RepublicanInvincible?,theContinentals,and licansofHobokenareevidentlyupanddoing,audwilltbe People's Campaign Club will arrive by special give a good account, on the day when the votes are there ehould be no Slavery. He rather thought thatNo news from the plains of special interest.j oetice, philanthropy,, and political economy. In 1844,Daniel Webster said that that preamble was worthy oftbe best days of Greek, or Roman, or English litera-ture. He thought that the citizens of Pennsylvaniahad been reading over this preamble. But there was cheers for Ohio and Gov. Chase; the cheers of the— o*The Republicans of Hcboken answered to the call of tbe Republican Club, by coming out in goodly numbersWon-Arrival of the Canadian.; FATHER POINT, Oct. 23—11 p. m.. The meeting immediately adjourned with) threethe steamship Canadian, now due off this point, with 12thinst,Broadway. Iwho -were marching to and fro waiting for theirthe statesmen of the Union. Tnat'pointed out first, Gov. Chase's speech commenced, standing out sharply our doty now—to go to work, and by our votes decree from the great acclaim. The meeting then formed iaC a p t u r e o f G u a d a l a j a r a . NEW-OKLEANS, Tuesday, Oct. 23,1860.Private advices from Mexico have been rectived in this city, stating that the Liberal army, under Gen. Ogazon, had captured the City of Guadalajara,train from Philadelphia about 6 o'clock this evening. clouted; and the usual Democratic majority willdwind'e away into nothiogness and vanish into .thin air.- The haJl was crowded not only by the men. who vote, but the gallerywas well filled with ladies who,Ohio and Indiana had been reading over that pream- ble. Tbat settled the question as we desired to settle it. It was a matter of very little consequence to us whatAwakes in front and escorted Gov. Chase to the ferry, where they took leave of him with many cheer*.ANOTHER AMERICAN FOR LINCOLN.Corroapcmdencc of The N. Y. Tribune.OQUAGA, Oct. 20; I860.A mass meeting of the Republicans was held to-day atWindsor(BroomeCo.),N.Y.FrankCanning ham, one of the ablest stump speakers for Fillmore, ia ' 1856, defined his position in .one of the most able, brilliant speeches I ever listened to. He has left the—The Fifteenth Ward Wide-rAwakes hold a ma*s of nearly three thousand spectators. An interval of meeting this evpning, at Conventbn Hall, Woostersix days wan allowed him between his convictionreelect such a man on the aide of truth and right.. Tbty should fleet a man who goes for honesty aud joeUce, instead of the pistol and the bowie koif<=>. Mr. S.'.epr.rd then referred to the Covod'e report, as show- iug how Mr. Bacnanan was elected by fraudulent votes U\ Pcnniiylvauia. [ Whi'e Mr. Shep(>rd was speakiog 'be Hcboken snd West Hoboken Wide-A.wakesneed no other weapons to scare off the slaveholdersthan iheir lanterns. Popular Sovereignty as interpret-ed now-a-days, meant the right to maltreat niggers. It received its first illustration when a certain man wentdown from Judea to Jericho, and fell among thieves.The Priest came by and saw him weltering in hisblood, but he was a non-interventionist, and passed by. epeak Then came a Levite. belonging to the same organiza-The disreputable expedient of the Breckinridge and punishment, and the whole proceedings of the Street, near Bleecker, to ratify the nomination of the Hon; Frederick IA; Gonkling for Congress, and JohnAssociation here to raiae the wind by electing trial were characterized by decorum, moderation, J. Shaw for AstQmbly. The Fifteenth promises to beGEN. LESLIE COOMBS AND THE VETERANS.—A meet- General had allowed DeGroot.the sum of $84,000 upon the table beside him. Converting his editorial ing of tbe Veterans of the War of 1812, reeling inroom into an arsenal proved a healthy precaution, this ci'y, numbering about three doz«>n as they were is said to be erroneons. This seems likely, but for on the same evening a person named Murphy, a drawn up in a square, was convened yesterday at 2thing* look as if some s>rt of an arrangement is I notorious border ruffian during the Kansas troubles,p. m. in front of the City Hall. The Veterans were of the dealh of the Dea'.ocratic party, w" ich died of being cooked ap, by which the Treasury is to be approached the office with hostile intentions, having addressed by Gth l>«»hV Coombs of Kentucky on the 'incering il.lnten1, a^grava»*d by. a severe attack ofAt Mtddlehnigh •At Broome...........:At Schoharie Court-Houee At Rome..Thursday eve., Oct. 85. Friday evo., Oct. 26.Sat orday eve., Oct. ST. Wedneaday eve., Oct. St.CITYPOLITICS.gro, being the party suffering by the forgery, made thecomplaint agaiast Smith. The accused was taken be- sung by the Prairie Songsters. One man said thatRATIFICATION MsifrNG IN THE! NINTH DISTRICT. —A ratification: meeting and Wide Awake demonstra- tion Will be held in the IXth Congressional District, at Fremont, WeBt Farms, Westchester County, to-mor- row (Thursday) 'evening. It is to be addressed by Jo-seph Hoxie, esq., and Judge tfeison, the Eopablican nominee for Copgresa in that district. <POLITICAL DEBATE.—There will be a public dis«- cusrion on the politics of tbe day at Bleecker Bailding corner of Bleecker and Morton streets, this evening,fore JusticeWelsh and held to bail iu the sum of $1,000 to answer before the Court of Sessions. Mr. Josephance in t h e . country' after Abraham Idnco* aMoses Odell, the Democratic candidate opposed to Mr. was elected. But were we going to be disturbed *a New-York? Would not our canal be opeaaaloayaa*all parties to have a hearbg.WIDE-A W AICEthat the Wide-Awakes of Brooklyn have advertised a grand parade, [to come off on the 2d of November.up- The time has been changed from the- 1st to the 2d ofT R A M R E P O R T . — T h e adnces from Manchester the month, in consequence of the Pusionists having se- were fovorable, with an npward tendency for Cotton Goods, anda «Hgbt advance on Y&nu. lected the firot for their parade. It is to be hoped thatmy knowledge, the firat time such a cull has. emanated from a Hebrew'to bis brethren, and I sincerely trait Mr. R. and his fel- low officers will never again attempt to demand of his brethren, to support any candidate except of their own ohoice. Thetioned son of Africa, labeled, " Abe Lincoln's successor in 1864," It seemed from tide that the Democracy bad already nominated their candidate for 1864. And not only that, but they also conceded the election of Lincoln and the justice of our.principles. so much as to go a great deal further than we ourselves did. It did not feem to be of mach use now to speak in favor of tbe election of Lincoln and Hamlin, except by wayLIVERPOOL BREAOSTUFFS MARKET", Oct. 10.-— their invitation will meet with general acceptance,Bre*d*tutta generally had a domiward tendency, and all quali- especially fxoih . Wide-Awakea in New-York and Israelites of this oity have always shown themselves citizens,The New-Mexio,fin mail with dates to the 8th inst. respectable. . • •wheeled i»to the line of Republican States. We had one Republican Senator there, and another, who, bethought, would be just as good as a Republican. Tbe Anti-Republican msjority in the Senate w a s dwindling down so rapidly that there would be no serious obstacles to the movement of Mr. Lincoln's Administration in the Senate. We had, then, but to secure the organization of the House, so as to get thearrived tins morning.The companies against the Navajoes had been gonoabout two weeks, in their absence a band of Indians came within 8 miles of Sansfe F6 and ran off 230 mules, belonging to EUsberg and Amberg. A company of thirty soldiers, under command of Capt. Gibbs, went in pursuit, but failed to overtake them. A company of Mexicans and Pneblas ale.o went and recovered GOof the mnlee. The balance are entirely lost, which will be a heavy loss on the owners. Aboat the same time the Indiaxs succeeded in tnnning from the Government herd at Albuquerque 100 be*f cattle. They were fol- lowed, but the Indians killed all the cattle and madethdr escape.On the 6th inst. a band of Indiars crossed the riverwithin 12 miles of San:e Fe\ going in the direction of Gallisto. The Governor and, Col. Faun?leroy are at loggerheads in regard to the tearing down of an old adobe building.The principal question at issue was whether their ticl e: should be withdra-wn entirely from the field, but in euch a Babel nothing could be determined upon and the confusion 4ras postponed till Friday night.ors when unregistered voters present themselves en elecdondny. It is this: On the inside of the registry list cover, marktb>. number at the beginning and end of each street, making theboundary of the di&tri"t; also, the numbers of vaoant lota,' o ntrol of the Committees, and of the organization stabJei and unoccupied buildings, thus: First avenue, com- of the business of Congress. The Republican party did mencing district. No. 300; vacant lots Nos. 310, 312, and 314, andTHIRTEENTIJC ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.—Judge C. E. Bird«all, and not Charles Birdcall, as reported, wae nominated on Monday evening by tSjp. Republicans of this Dictrict, in place of Dr. Ives, declined.ends with 386. Avenue B, com. dist. No. 280, vacant lots Nos. not confine itself to its {principles adverse to the e:£,.-.*iw y !* ** ^ *'*'-.'mm>"«e/ .•.<•,!••'.«.1sugar and coffee at $25 to $30: Exchange on Asr Ex-MEMBER OF ASSEMBLY ARRESTET> otr A New-York is worth two and a half per cent CHARGE OF/FOROERT.—Andrew Smith, a Member ofiOhio, a l w a y W . io Freedom [Ch, ? $ £ $ , %£*$ ' A DESPERATE STRUGGLE. premium; on St. Louis, Chicago, and Cincinnati, Assembly in the last Legialaturej.from the IXth Ward over the adzninietration of this Government for the our.younger sister, welcoadngto gU Vr^L -poke with two per cent. Gold dust continues the almost uni- of this city, was arrested by Sergeant Weith of the next foar years. Mr. H. was frequently interrupted fCheering,] And these three great I • , J S ! L K M « I V S *estimated at two and a half millions,- though some place the amount much higher.Dr. Joseph| S. Stone, who was shot by L. W.Bliss, Secretary of State tinderythe ProvisionalGovernment, ip a duel last MaTcfi^ died from theeffects of his wound on the 11th inst.. after havingsuffered intensely for seven months.,Theweatherisclearandcool,andlargenumbers$1,200, and Mr. Dugro had made himself responsibletor tbe payment ofthe demand. Mr. S. drew his notefor $620, which his creditors declined without a goodand responsible man as indorser. This Smith saidwould be an easy matter, and subsequently he returnedthe note with the indorsement of Excise CommissionerJohn Kerr, doing business at No. 51 Leonard street. wigwam, opposite the City HaH, last eTening, it being cauieitwas right andjast; oar motto w a s * «**"£ The gentlemen to whom the worthy Assemblyman wasindebted,beingsatisfiedwiththeindorsement,received tbe note, but, much to their surprise, subsequently288,280, 292, and 294, ends with 366, and so on with intersectingstreets. If each Republican Registrar in the city wi'l devotehalf ton hour only to this purpose, walking through his district,noting the number* of vacant lots and copying them in the Re-gistry list used by the Republican Inspector—or on a slip of pa-pany, J. H. Hi Camp, Captain, held a meeting on Mon- per to be gummed to tho cover on election day—the whole mat- prive it of its national properties, and reduce itday evening, for the purpose of revieing the Constitu- tion and By Laws of the Club, and for the election of its Civil Officers. Mr. D. L. Elder was chosen Pres- ident, Robert S. Beaver, Secretary, Wm. G. Rothe, Treasurer. As this Clob is a component part of the Central Campaign Club, and the official Company for efioorte of that'Club, it will hereafter be known by thename of " Thb Central Club Knickerbocker Wide- at the Odd Fellows' HaD,.last evening. Long before The weather is cold, calm, and cloar. No E£ns of Awake Artillery." Its regular meetings are held the hour of opening the meeting, the streets wereter may be oompleted-at once. New-York, Oct. 22,1860.REPUBLICANHOBOKEN WIDE,"CHECK./to a State affair. Then, this question would be eo settled that it would stay settled, and not be coming back to frighten as from our pro- prieties. Sixty years ago, the people of Pennsyl- vania enacted a law for the abolition of Slavery, and in the preamble they stated their reasons—reasons ofThe Union WidVAwakes will receive the Jnvincibles,the City Wide-Awake« will receive the Continentals,and the Central Campaign Club will receive the People's thongh tb6y cannot'vote, can still encourage the advo- mode was adopted; we only wanted to be perfectlyFhiladelphia Wide-Awakea. F- H. PINKNKY, Adjutant.Bv order ofMarshal D. E. GA.VIT.the banner: ward Jin -the city in the coming election..shouts of: applause.] The speaker proceeded to speak of the benefits of the Homestead-'faiU'to open up the free territoiy to the occupation of free homes and free rrifn. Such a mensure is wise and economical as op- posed to ucnitentiaries'aud jails.The Chairuian next introonced JOSEPH HOXIE, esq., who vcas received wi-,h the most vociferous chearing. Air. Hoxie commenced by readiog anotice handed him,mulcted. With Mr. Cobb, who is not charged with taken umbrace at an. advertisement of a personal subject of ibe Pension bill, whioh has been agitated Charleston fextr. A p<<et mortem examination showed Popular Sovereignty, and "go there and fight it out. character, and sworn all sorts of vengeance upon tho from, time to time for years paet before Congress, by an tiitire absence of heait. The Republican platform Now. what means had the Douglas men to check profligacy in making allowances to favorites or to editor and the premises. Just before reuchiug the was'.first formed on board.the Mayflower1, aud cemented S'avery.: Tbey had not* even Popular Sovereignty..others*, it will go hard to sign a warrant for a dis- door, however, Murphy f^und himsrlf the victim of the Veterans and ihtir friends. Col. Raymond intro- orj> the plains of S&ratoj?a and of Yorktown. By that Some of them would say that they found th:s. iameet with success in all ca*es. Monday, having occasion to call upon the editor of THE DEGROOT ALLOW ANCE. The Evening Neics, I found that gentleman waiting The report in. The Herald that the Attorney- in his office with a Sharp's rifle and four revolversof this city turned out in great force, making a splendid display of torches and transparencies. \down, and he went on. But at last came along a man who did not belong to a healthy organ- ization, he helped the man; he was a Republican. [Cheers.] If we went to a Territory and found that a humane Government had placed there an incapacity upon the soil itself to bear up any other than a free- man, so far from it being any infringement upon pop- ular tove reignty it was its greatest aid. If we could not do any better we would take the true doctrine ofmisplaced confidence, for his entrance was sudden- duced Gen- Coombs half ao hour after the time adrer- platform'wemean to Btand to-d^y. This approaching the Nebraska bi'l. But in this Mr. DouglasAt Sheldrake...-, Victor, Ontario C o . . . . . . .Sctpioville, Cayuga Co. Falrville, Wayne CoThursday. Oct 25. Friday, Oct. 26. .. Saturday, Oot. 27. Monday, Oot. 29.bursement that he knows to be all wrong. As.Congress has vested control of the. matter in an-otherqaarter,hewill,ofcourse,notberesponsible nomenonquiteabatedhiHthiretforsatisfaction,and crowdbythecockadeswhfchdecoratedtheirhats. Bveckinridgeit^sclaim,letitbespread;butifnot,th-mG*-n. Combs began with the words, let, it b* confined to its present limits. On this pointif a heavy sum should finally be awarded and elicitedahandsomeapology. Mr.Byers,thosenior n_ o..^r- v„ _:iv »u« ^^ir "Attention. thereisadifferenceofopinion. Therearefourcandi- TO apaid.T h e O r e g o n R e p u b l i c a n S e n a t o r , SpecJadOiapatcbtoThoK Y. Tiirune.TROY, Tuesday*Oct.23,1860. H. W . Corbett, Chairman of the Republicanhad incorporated provisions limiting the power of the Legislative Executive, Judiciary, ana introducing other geneial provitions forming a complete system of gov- -TLm»at. DoeshetakethistothepeopleofKansas1 No, he takes it into the Senate, and it passes the Senate aid House and is signed by the President. Here you have a system, of government forthe people of Kansis, about wbich fhey have not had a word to say, and yet they called this Popular Sovereigoty, and said there should bsno such xhicgaeCongmeional interven- tion. Then the President appointed the Executive *ndJudiciary. ThisMilbeganinCongressionalinter- vention, proceeded by Preeid'ntial intervention, and culminated in Judicial intervention. The honest Doug- las men thought they had real Popular Sovereignty in tte Nebraska bill. That would be the c(t«e if the peo- ple made their form of government and elected all their oflic-trs.. Here were the people of the Territories bound up in fetters, in Prtsidentied manacles, and in judicial fbains^he/d up as examples of Popu'*r Save* igoty. Had- Douglas had a ' t r u e principle of I'opuUr Sovereignty, he would /have o.ood £«.- bettor now- And this thing was not accidental; Mr. Douglas did it with his eyeB wide open. Mr. Ben-ti'scd. to the Veteracs, who collected one by one up to flection is one of the most important that ever took head from the windows. This unexpected phe- this time, and who could be distinguished from the place in this country. If Slavery is a blessing, as thely checked by six shot guns and rifles leveled at hiseditor of The News, has published a journal here Soldurs, of the War of l812-^-h"ads up and the old dates in the field row. Mr. Breckinridge is a high- for the last eighteen month*, and within that period mtn opened their eyes wide, laughed, and listened toned, gentleouacly man, who would not go throughForestville RaLdolph. .' Ellicottville Franklin.....Wednesday eve., Oct %C Thnraday, Oct. 2*.Fri<?»y, Oct 26.has be*n challenged,' murderously assaulted, had attentively. Gtni Combs then allnded to the time, tbe rouTitry etnroping. as d,oes hie adversary in the his office set on fire, and repeated threats made three years since, when he addressed them on the name Democratic party. He respected him for the candor....Satwcdayi Oct 27.Dr. REINHOLD SOLGER will speak in English andSsubject, and said I it wa? to he hoped that Congress with which he averted his opinions. Mr. Douglas is against his life, and last night his dwelling house would not delay'three years more before doing tbe willirg that-the people should decide the question ofGermanAt AlbanyAt HudsonAt Rondout...' .Wednesday, Oot 24.Tburaday, Oot. 25. ..Friday. Oct. 26.wasburnedtotheground. Veteransinetice.iThewarof1812wasemphatically feliyery,subjecttothedecisionofthe8upr«meCourt,In the absence of any legal organization what- a second war of independence;,and Great Britain, the 'when be knew that tbiB Court had a'r^adyever, the people of the several mining districts, self-?tyled mistrfBs of t :e seas, was humbled by it. .decided the case. • It was .like the Dutch•••' '••• •••••••••*State Central Committee of Oregon, is firi^gthirty- have established miners8 courts, the officers of He alluded to Henry C!*y, and extolled him ae the Jury who had tbe liberty to tbink as they pleased, pro- thxee gans at the great Wide-Awake turn out here which are supported by their foes. w These courts author of the motto, "The flap; which • floats at the iidtd tb*y thought as the Courc did. Mr. Hoxie saidAt Catakill.... i ••••*••*••••••« ..Saturday, Oot 2T.At Pongbkeepsio. ••«•••••••*•• ..Monday, Oot 29.At Newkurgh................... ...Tuesday, Oct. 80.At Nyack or Nfw-Gity ..Wedneaday. Oot ZL.At MocriCfllo or Narrowaburgh. ..Thunday, Nov. L A.W jtGJrxilni* ••*•••*• •• • • •••••••»•, ...Fiiday,"Nov.S. At HIni;hanjton •••*.'• ...Snturdny, Nov, S At Coniing»••••••••••••••*«*••»< .Monday, Nov. 5.TheHon.THEO.M.POMEROX will.speakthis evening, in honor of the Republicans of hi* exercise exclusive and original jurisdiction, mafethtad ehould ta the protection of every Americaa : Be»n;an on the fade of the globe." D celling at someState, and of their suc<;e»s« in electing a United and their deciaiwis are vigorously enforced. In length upon the comparatively 'smal' size of this city,,be had Keen ». lit-nry Clay Whig for 35 years, and wastoVsshsmed of h now; and he had always voted forthe principlesadvocated by that great statesman. Weretit? old Whig iriei><;e goiug to vote this ''asufcotidaticket" which is put before the'pef<pl»? No one c&ntelljwhatthey are' vcipg for. What do H., S. &T carefortheUnioniftheycanpelldrygoods? Andmost cases they dispense prompt and substantial tb* wild state of the country about the great lakes, th<* justice; but where -the .interests of whole districts MaumeeVountry and Michigan, th<* alow rate of travel *.' Thiity-three guns f«.r the Oregun—Republican cla»h with each other, iu regard to water-rights for and communication, together with various iocidents ofStates Senator.On tha transparency is inscribed;•**Senator,Col.E.P. Baker.R o b b e r y o n t h e P l a i n s ;BROWNSVILLE,N.T,Monday Oct.22,1860.A party of emigrants arrived from Utah on Saturday is attempting to remedy this evil by providing forWarSpeech."theWords: "RardheHrti it Is myfi'te;* .Once I liave freedom ttjoyed— /Was at heppy ai happy could be;thank God that is all they can sell. They canaot sellthe voters; or at least they cannot deliver th*m.' jamin says that they had a caucus in which they deer-At WolcottAt South Butler SenttorWADEwillspeak, At Cooperatown....At Kindwrhock........Thursday, Oct. 2$. Friday, Oct 26..Thursday, Oct 25. ...Friday, Oct 26.mining purposes,&c, themanifest biasofeachin thewer of1812, the speaker proceeded to impressfavor of its own locality unfits them for adjudicat- the importance of refliembering the heroes of that ing the cases. A Territorial Convention, which has pericd wiib gratitude, and quoted from "Harry Clay sbeeninsessionatGoldenCityforthelastfourdays,[Applause.] Hewantedhieold.Clayfriendstothink mineduponthatbill,andthattheSouthgot.allthatan Appellate Court, to decide these suits of magni-. N.'.w alii* lost!—even hope U destroyed; A captive alas on the sea'• •bear a Northern and Southern construction. When he fcherldinp: crocodile tears over his grave. Let bis oldsaw that Douglas and his friends were resolved to re-L EL V AN SCHAICK, esq., will apeakAt MtnarJll.le Friday, Oct 26.Wednesday, Oct 26. —The scandal-mongers of Cleveland are gloatingThe Convention, by.tho presence of half a dozen noisy mischief makers, is rendered a peculiarly tur-peal the Missouri Compromise, he said, "Give us abut they had duties to ptrform, eooi&l and polUiosi. He bulent body. The greater portion of its time, thus advitted tbe Veterans, if the Government failed to do far, has been taken up by raising points of order, tr-em justice, to gb to their State Legislature. The TteLindaHHotelJt>aebeenleasedbytheL^landw, andindulginginviolentpersonalities. TheChief CityofNowYorfcooghttodoasmuchastogivethe cf the Metropolian Hotel, New-York, for 15 years. Justice of the Territory under the Provisional Gov- old soldi*i-s a Fourth if July dinner;, but instead of I* in one of the h«g*»t hotels in the United States,-ac- ernmtnt gave the lie direct to a District Judge tl a*, th^y p«id thtir mbuoy for reara'tas and drank it upin the same thing ? They have put up Mr. Bell, who to exclude it. He moved also tbat the people should tfa*ms*lyee. They1, could afford champagne^to soldiers w&s a very respectable gentleman while he was alive; have the power to elect their own Governor and from the mountains, upon the floor; and on the who never saw an ;euemv; but for tboBe who actually^ but he baa passed away, and belongs to a past age. Judges, but Mr. Douglas and the Southerners voted same evening, a prominent candidate for Congress met ibe en*my, thty bad nothing. The old soldiers, Now, we have living issues before ua, and we waut agaicst it; tbey would not allow of this Popular Sov- and an ex-Probate Judge became involved in a per- be said, had yet a';duty to perform. They muBt serve men of nerve and backbone. Mr. Brooks bad been ereignty. The "Republican Senators then had but three sonal affray, in which the physiognomy of the latter their country; tbe Union must be preserved The nigger to Maine to advocate this ticket He got 500 miles awav Demccists with them; one of them slept in his New- was seriously disfigured. At one of tho session a day drove the old soldier out of the Senate last Winter. from home, and thought he could say what he pleased Hamrahire grave; another' still followed the lead of The boltor of the chem'cil works comer of Julia and or two since, I noticed seventeen Judges in attend- When the commerce of New-York wae attaoked, Ken- KI d we not know it. He said down there, that a union Mr. Douglas, and the third was the honored candidatewho.seeks for divorce, is the ^ife of a lawyer of high m standing, said to be worth .Jhalf amuhon of dollars, respectably connected, and the rather of a large family —some of whom are married jiand respectably settled.It appears that the offender, from being an elder aad influential member of the Presbyterian Church, de-_ ecehded eo low in the scale of morals as to become 4 spiritualist or free-lover. In his new wsoolatioa. he found an 'offinUy on whom he bestowed those ^ttna-tions right fully due tbe complainant. A* in such, oasescommodating 1500 gaests, and. will be fitted with every appliance of the age..-;m>*<- ;?•-_1_^ •• ' '•'J B x p I o « l o n I n I f e w - O r l e a n s . t ' : NKW ORLEANS, Toe*d*y, Oct. 23,1860.>*nJton s reets exploded to-day, detnolwbing a portion ance—a fact which certainly proves that " honorB tucky came to tbej.rescue. If he bad an Abolitionist and combination must be made [some confusion arose of the Republican party for the Vice-Presidency. Butof the watt of the building and injuring two parsons severely.ano a Southern lire-eater by the hair, he would beat by the interruption of an intoxicited Bellocrat, who under all disadvantages we beat them, with the " are easy" in this longitude. The amount of irre- .their beads together BB long aB any braius were lefr. was speedily induced to subside by being led. down little Popular Sovereignty wbich we had. wepressible talent present, in tbe. oratorical, line, is Tbe North was trying to diive the nigger out where stairs] of ail patriotic men, to vote for S. A. DonorUs. had beaten them. Mr. Dougles had fallen,r^J F I o r a T e m p l e a n d Geo. w r * * » i c * ® n * altogether beyond estimate. Three Commissioners, he ought to stay, and the Sonth to drive him in where Tbis was tbe counsel of a Bell-Everett man; thaeditor becaupe he did not care whether SlaveryA according to a resolution which has been adopted, of a sheet characterized by Bishop Hughes as the most was voted up or voted down. Both the North and theOCTOBER9im.NOMINATIONS."and cannot under any oirenmstanoes be influenced to becomepartisans. I am positive that all the Israelites of this oity, ex-cepting perbapf, a ftvw follower* of the Rosehbourgh FernandoWood Democratic Club, view the actions of Mr. R. as uncalled of adding line upon line and precept upon precept. ButJfor, and unsolicited. . Yours, very respectfully,FRATJDENT REGISTRA TIONS. T» Ae SkHtor of Tfu JV. F. Tribtmn.' I. &.although there was no doubt as to the election of Lin- coln, yet there/was a question whether he would be supported by a Republican Congress. It became nec- essary to gain a few members, and above all to make euro of all that we bad. He had met Mr. Humphreys avWaebingtonandknewhim,andwasveryanxiousthat heshouldbereturned. Wehadgoodnewstoday. The. . .imiWn—i—*amm~m—OMIIIIIIIis to throw the elebtion into the House, and I Slavery from a just a x s ^ t a sastainedthe Eepablicaawith applause and laughter; long and bund cheering one voice^fof Freedom? aad while the ^ ? ^ ? theadjeurned with load cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin.Humphreys, had declared that he was in favor of the the frost would let it? Would they be disturbed i a ' Lynch of No. 150 East Thirty-seventh street became reopening of the slave trade. Mr. Clark also sang Ohio ? Why, they had an abundeat harvest of every- •boa surety. •" . [Express, July 13,1860. . This case, we believe, has never been dispose! of.Mr. Smith is now a Democratic candidate for reelec- tion to the Legislature.some of Whittier's inspirations, and told a funny story. Soon after 8 o'clock Gov. Chase arrived. The meet- ing was immediately called to order, and Mr. JAMESS. T. STRANAHAIT elected President.thing with them this year, including a little hea». [LaughUr andappbauae ] Would they be dSsturbedY >Would not we of New-York buy their corn, th«r wheat, tbeir cattle 1 Would not we be jast as huogry aa aausl? Was there any danger in any Free>Mr. STRAKAHAN, on taking the chair, expressed his State? Would the South be distarbedf They thanka, and immediately introduced should have no cause to complain of as. Inthere should be any disturbance it woahf edrnply Goy. CHASE, who was received with loud and pro- be the results *of their own folly in predicting' SIR:. I noticed a few days ago in your valuable longed applause. He said that he had been delayed evis wbich the prediction was cawaJated1 to>paper, an article headed " Hebrew Nominations." Mr. Rosen- somewhat by a procession whioh was going on on the insure. He trusted the predictions would remain ua- burgh, President of a Democratic Clnb, has had the audacity tocallonhis.bretbwntoindorsethenominationsof certainCity othereideoftheriver,but,which,fromwhathehad fulfilledevensofaraetheSouthwasconcerned. BatTHE "HEBREWTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. .heard of it,was not likely to interfere with the progress of Republican principles or the certainty of Republican success. One of the transparencies in the processiontension of Slavery; it extended its care to the welfareof all the. white inhabitants of the Union, East andit as far as we were concerned. We wanted to de-wasties,whichistobeinvestigatedaccordingtothecode Tbat is very goid, but does not every one else believe tbe fathers, and then they would not adow the people in euch casts made and provided. The complainant,the parties having influential friends, thera; !• mVi<£ KOCH ESTER, Tuesday, Ost. 23,18oU. be had no bueincSHitr/be. H« (Coombs) should make a lying sneet that existed. Now they threaten the disso- South did care, and they both -had spewed him out of crimination and remimiaationou both sides.. The largeThe trot between F«ora T«mpi« and George M. are to he selected to attend the next session of Con- aiiimp tpetich at Cooper Institute to morrow evening, lution of the Union-; but notwithstanding this, the their mouths.. If the normal condition of the Territo-Parchen took place thit> afternoon. I w o thousand cress, and cooperate with the; Delegate from.tuts. and give hit views on thtB subject more at length. Ia capitalists of tbe country are willing to take a loan of efctate of the defendant has been tied ap, *jhy aa injaa«-people were present. Late rains had made the *r*** regipD in attempting to secure for the Pike s Peak concia»ion, he. qaotled a resolution framed for some pun- the Government at 5 per cent. But we must vote ries was freedom, the normal condition of modern De-heavy, and there was a s'ight fall of rain just as the horses Atartedi Pa*eb*-n won thefirs%heat; k lora tne second, third and fourth.lie occasion, by BfovcmQl*?* which, he said, hq had [ mocracy was defeat. Thia Repuclican party had grown •tion, and the lawyers and Jadgefj; a, hi asusi, willcountry a Territorial organization. ,.The quartz:mill8 show a steady mereaso of sue- with hinj! In Mr. Clay'e own hand-writing;for one of the.se, candidaas. One party baa nobote of tit cling their candidates; their- only hope up frea^ a neoesaity for a party whioh ehoula treat—J^lik a*. f.\* •laA la^vv-'aa onOw^ f*4 A.TI m 9%i. oome ia for the lion's share o ^ t ^ iDoijj,•Untitled Document• — ' *': BROOKLYN.would not lag behind. [Cheers.] Aad, ^ 5 S S t f 5 S wasabletoseeattbepresentmoment,ther*f 5ov«mblrthatbeyondtheStates,intheTerritoriesoftheUnion, grandprecession, the Lincoln battalion,of Wido-mi•ww abe a single Free State oa tbe 6th day of»°TM*^next, o 5 y Taesday week, which woaJ^noUJ. B. MURRAY, esq., will speak.Lieut.-Gov NOBLE will speak Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069mmm*:i &# 