 lliejKiaipiii A4^HMhaient<teT%M|it'Dsi>T,of troops from Fort Walla Walla, un- :friends oi the South sunwse, and anmade to prevent Mr. Ilisooui's Adndnistration from,,.serofld Wards—Thomas and E. IligglnsShuUeis, ataira, Vantts,*e. Every doscriptioa of fine Iron Work for baildiug pnrpoBes, aianiifscturtd at JAMBS L. JACK. SON * BBOTHHR'S Iron Work^ Jeth-st^ai-av.- aa*Mth-Bt.. Ksw-York.ttrawev * Bakee'e Ceiehimcea NOISKLBBS SEWING MACHINES.."^ jpjii^Pfsaisw*^''••=.jw"»'Time*.•^ppfip*for-OaTMitOiMHi tlWiifaila MifclMti MilN^aatpresentnw]MMCa. TheotheraomlnatloBaforAldar-nj^enwer«4f»5A*m.WadMdar«t«£i||neat CouDoOmea, the following aomtnatloBs wereTB^^P!»ff!^TSHllMIV0wv#lsvlyy•^wppPSP1 4|W.lftif-Terk », Wedaetdkjr,BctCH to tlieLouu daiMMttioiwthe. APTHOMnp~»T"TH« tiwiirtjl^lUairal: relttionx with Hezico by Sagland,tion! stOl on admisMoii of which will be flleV'-itheCouveilmmir Diiftrirt— thf Tenth. ElfeVv'elnith, Thirteenth and .SeveCnotmeepnrtihsiWnagrds. Geo. U. Raymond. Ol' the Klevemii Ward. Fred. Repper.of theEleventhWard. A. Miller, of the Thirteenth Ward. Fred. RoUwagen. Jr., of the Seventeenth Ward. J. M. Keynolds, of the Seventeentli Ward.Neck-Iacea, LockeU, hc.,&e.. Ladies are invited to ca:i and examine before par-!•( Bmcii (pecidation In official circlesstienuoasly contended for, are maoy of a character equally obnoxioiu lo Mrs. Bo«ck'» attorney's, and—1>JfT" _»e«ora Provisional GoTemment imtU popular eleo-n i^elal eaxMnemstobaTebeen I»1t0»ttaotttme, Mr. KcLuu has been instructed to 'r,nHji||^m''wtlh the 8j;anlsh and French Klnislen, in eeeart^rmmpensionaf hostilities and the establi-h-substantiatea.Ward. John McConnelLofthe Thirteenthi-i pnassigned.to his succms ifcbasiDg.GEO.Watches and Jewelry,«tlovrfmbeheld. ThispolicyhasbeenyiekiedtobyIIhe'AdBlitlstration, as the only hope of terminating theeMlwar.HeaTy mails were received.at the Department this moatHfK tana the PacUc, hot containing nothing of tpeftii taileKst not heretofore pnhashed.AFfKAL IK FATOE OF TBI VNION.A I a meeting of the NationalDemouatic Gen- eral Committee, held at Thorp's Hotel, iR. 8 Union- ."•Hiare, la.st evening, an Address to the Electors of New-York who supported BaxoKiVBiiies and L.isapoktponcd until 'WednesdayThe following rominations were then made : &cliool Conimi.f**(m/-r,v— Ninth Ward, Myer MaslenEleventh Ward, Saul BuchsweilcrCmutaHts—Fiist Ward, Thomas Roach Ward, Robeit Stanwood, C. F. Klench :Oirealan. oontalniag SBhB»ss tat the Bliad (rss at ohargehy Bending tooath, wU hsAssMaal-SuTgccm Saots is assifSed to duty with the iWWi to sail ftool Kew-Tork on the 2Ist hist., forfollowingisWard, A. HosesTenth Ward, A. NeubauerMo. 182 Falioa-st., BroeUya.Wheclar & WUaan'sSEWING MACHINES,WITH IMPORTANT IMPROVKMENTS, ATRKUnCKDPRICKS. •OF^ICB NO. 606 BROADWAY, NEW-TOBK.A Penny Sawed Is a Penny Earaad.-The most important aunouncemeot ot to-day, ia the ftict thatOHTHE PBESIDENTLAt ELECTIONIIM^Hformftiiocr SnKf, First Dragoons, is assigned toI'lif Fort Walla Walla.dress proceeds: Itisouropinionthatthereare.evenintheI'he nemiiiatio.is of the rcmalnlBg School Officers and Constables were also postponed until Wednes- dayeveningnext. Themeetingthenadjourned.Novel DIcaaarea ar Adjnatmeat.LmcoLH isBue ofto the Presidency,THE. INDEPENDENT.the^H^cioftiwreportedintheli'mon. Assurancesoferal in this region. In view of these foots, and cun-evening,^f.,,''X?V'^'".*' .SewingMachine—ChDrch,ninth Infantry, has been ordered to,;|elTort is to be interfering with or impairing the equality of the Southi;r,EECHLa^tOF EX-MATOB SWaNN or BALTIMOKE.This Sermon was on preachedSunday Evening last,massacre of emigrants in thethiskmdarevery gen- siaeiing how momentous mast be the consequencestheYoungMen'sNationalUniontoadenseandcrowdedaudlenoe.InPlymouthTic«ly eif Salmon Faris, on the Snake Rirer, to re-on IIeksy W. Huliaxd of Broadway,This is good ""J! S^,"!-''.i'i"'?.'"''ds of families everywhere deairiiurcovetthesanrirorSjlfany, and to punish the aggres-of breaking up that Union ofHead-quartersAlabama had been announced to speak, but he was unavoidably detained.the GROA ER & BAKERof deliverance to Ihe unlimited number ofhave been enalared by vexatious peraons whoSovereign Stales which son. The detachment is to be composed of Company the blood and wisdom of our ancestors organized we earnestly entreat our brethren at the Soutn not to re- solve upon any act which may dissever our Confed-Machine, snd a memorable dayand details £rom Companies I, B aad-Ct Ninth Infudry-^tlie latter mounted oa mules -witii tbriy days* rations and an ample supply of am-trouUea in using in- ferior machitea, which make the old Shnttle-stltch withBsecher aald, "The SIXTH OF NOVEMBER, Landing of the£, lint Aragoons,Hon. Eli P. Noetok, President of the Club, on taking the chair, made a few remarks, pertinent to next, and the present condition of the country. He was op-jiMr.ISU, will hereafter take rank with thePilgrims sad the Declaration of Independenceall links in that (;olden Chain by which God is meas-||..„^,i!'| '|eveniognext.jTlmpson. The olher Counciimanic nominalions for the re- mainder of the Seventh and the Sixth Districts ivereJ03EBH 8XAI,. JAMBS IHtNOAir.ranks in tSghty-thtee counties (official) give Lincoln shortcomings, such of nis servile followers as may beBsu., dastardly enough, for his sake or their own, to become traitors to their party and its principles. Candidates 5,001, Ijiioeu's plurality 23,500, and will probably whom the South can support, and acceptable also to thecitizens on the subject of the People's Pacilic Rail-road this evening, at the Cooper Institute, lion. Tkos. B. Floeence and Hon. Hoeacz (-'Ekkley will also speak on the subject.Ttuirsday .'Lfteruoon, at 2 o'clock P. H., fromhis late reaidence. No108 (ireenwict-8t.,withoat further invitation. Feeeuan.—In tlii[< City, on Tuesday evening, Nov. 13,PhineasKh.EBMAN,inhis.'iithyear.The relatives and friends ol the family are invited toattend his funeral, from the residence of fcis brother, Dr..Alfred Freeman, No. 73 t'nion-square, corner of lytfa. St.,'on ThnrEday, 15th lost., at 1 o'clock.Laveey.—In this City, on Tuesday, Nov. 13, David3'')Lav ert, aged years.107,AN;DoceiAS, 84,531;Bkicei.-txumii, 11,235;the practice of law in New-York. Lockwood L. Doty.*'leaving the obsolete leaders of decayed factions nif ht at Clinton Hall on Pliillipa, the Woman of trance.) on 'I'hursdrty. Nov. 15, at 1 o'clock. His remains EuoloSL- your suhstriptiors, and address yonrletters toa gentleman, unexceptionable in everyand Pri-— SisTARE. IIIthisJOSLl'H H.RICHARDS, Publisher,5No. Beekman-st.,.Vew-Tsrk.with allvate Secretary in pl^e of Mr. Bliss.isrespect, appointedcured for them, is the or the hopedeservedly popularparties,'opportunity for thus concentrating our forces to be destroyed by the s^outh? That is the question to be dealt with ourNe. 13 Beekman-st.—For sale, to let or lease —This elegant si\-»tor.v hrown-s^onf" hous'', built in the most sub..4tantial manner, and suitable for any hnt^ine.ss.fortwoyearspast. JohhH.Linsley,jiow Depu.y fUerk, has been appointed Cliief Clerk.Five at Eagle Uarbfir.Sabkia, C. W., Wednesday. Xov. n,Intelligence has just been received that tl:i- Notthwesttin Mining Company's warehouse ai Eagle Hyr^>o^, Lake Superior, has been burne-l wiih theWintersupplies. Themachincr)-wassaved.The Canada at Boston.Boston, Wednesday, Nov. 14—11 P. M.eyabJicaa Demanstration at Hartford. Habtfobs, Wednesday, Nov. 14.The Republicans and Wide-Awakes are having a grand torch-light procession and lUumination to-Weareand .^IZE. The corner building adjoining, fronting, al-o. eagerparfenentandto contend for and maintain all their rights in :my Kassan-pt., which is yielding? a large interest, and cou-TliePoint Rice Mills last night. was rjiustd by the machinery.a commercialCsisarfgncg of tke Snu-Yttrk Times. ' ttJ/CaiOAGO, 111., Monday, Nov. IJ, )HiO.Jf«Tt»ry reportsests,rendering j^robublerevulsion"Coughs. 4c."Canada, from Halifax, is si;-His frlt-nds are invited to attend his funeral, on Friday ne.\t, at 11 A. M., from the Baptist Church, iu Rosen, dale. ni:< remains nill b>: interred in Moatrepose ((nietry, Roadout.ESTABIilWHKn TWKIXTV YEARS.The,nalled. Slje will arrive up to port between 1 azid 2 A. Bf. Her news lias already been telegrapiic-d over the wires.steamshipHad:Tlie whole city is in a blaze of light, and tiic proeesaipn is a very large one.Fallare in Cincinnati. Cihcikiati, Wednesday, Nov. H.Ihe ' Troclirs' are ftspecifitl having made me porlablesteam engine, recently put up, caosiag the ia-night.th« defence to us.TSOCHES'often a mere whisperer"Btant death of three persons, the mutilation and linger- ing death of two others, and severely scalding several byatanderB.*•KumrXB & FlSBSR, flour dealers, have tailed. and made an assignment. Their liabilities arc nut ipreserve,Have proved extremely lerviceable for KfiV. HENRY WARD BEECHER." can do which not be done may_____Chaelxston, Wednesday, Nov. 14.distressingstated.Baraiac af tke West Point Rice 31111s.[jj;j •'Iiii.jI'iBROWNSl REV. A. C. EliGLESTON. "CoLtain no Opium or anything injuri-DR. A. A. HAYES. Cliriitist, Boslim. Asimple and plea,iant cop:'UQatioo forDR. G.F. BIGELOW, Boston.Beneficial in Bro.nchiti.i."DK. J. F. W. LAKE.Bistoii. I have proved ihem excellent for Wuoov-DIARY OF STEAM BOILER EXPLOSIONS. New-Oeleaxs, Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical Works exploded, demolishing a portion of the wall, and serious-ly injuring two persons.Lee, Haas.. Oct. 24.—A boiler of Plainer ft Smith'sSEW Paper Mill exploded, seriously ami probably fatally InjuringJohnDutcher,ofKent,Connecticut. Damage to property. 96,000.Lowell, Hsimi., Oct, 24.—The boiler for heating Suffolk Mill exploded, killing Walter W. Brings, a^sislant-engi- neer, and severely injuring C. C. Stearns, engineer.It observed that the above exploaiona, reported will beaince the date of the foregoing advertisement, occurred in lirFt.cIaaa eAablialunenta, and in one instancs a nem establishment.From the London Netcs, of O'l. 30, ISSO. Adreadfn] accident occnrred lastwec'^ on the Lakeof Garda. The boiler of a gun-hoat, which ha^ been run-niuK regularly from Salo to Simone. on the opposite,theof tlie WestSailing ef the Enropa.Boston, Wednesday, Nov. 14.The i,'»<«^<i sailed at 1! o'clock, witli is l.as- aengers for Liverpool and 18 for Ilalira.v.THE BVRCH DIVORCE CASE.'Tke Avyraaehini Trial af Barch ts. Burch— Ezciteaient in Chicago.TROCHES! I BROWN'S;approaching"other, A > ast number have been of depositionsPhimi" W. Engs, GfSTdVlJll \V. .S>tITH, Jons A. Steuier,JostAu W. Baow.N. V. W. BYRDfjAl.!,. 'i'H.\nDEi's P. Mott,Onenamed JohnKanepro- cured throughout tlie country, and not a stone has been left upturned on cither side, to develop the al-ly injuringpersona.boyleged crimii.aliiy of the olher.the Fifth-as enue of Chicago—v. i;!. it is said, come inJ.^siirs 11. Fltn>. THi: GXNXEAL COMUITTEB.in for a thorough Woverhauling, am! so complete willWiMIA« Cam«eil, ( James 11csi<j.v. )G. \V. SMITH, Chairman. Secretaries.The canal and railroad track INSURANCE.burning Loss $75,000.andfar more general and disastrous than that of 1857, fromthe cffecis of which we have scarcely yet revived.Such a result woiUd be productive not only of per-inaiieiit injiiiy to our City and all the interests de-pending upon it, but would entail on thousands of ourlaboringDemocraticbrethrenduringthecoming TROCHES!trial of the Burch divorce case iFemate College.GreiU benefit when taken ticfore and af- ter preacliin;,', a.^ they prevent Hoar-eness.Tlieexcites oousiderable interest in the community where all the parties are so well known. The court at which the case is to be tried opens to-day at Napor- riUe,DoPageCounty,aboutthirtymilesfromthis city, and in a few days Chicago will be well repre- sented there. Both parties have been busy preparing evidence to be submitted, and it is conceded that eachwill do the utmost 10 blacken the character of theMichigan-avenue—the explosion is unknown. are covered with ruins.be the investigation that noi ,.^ enof the Piesbyierian Church «i;i f* in.,i„iate. Tliepruneat oetails will Ao donU :i..;i\!i,e memorable ladepeadent ».li^-« of the Sickles trial. •]t.ej Chlca»» are preparing for a scnsi..'.i,«,TIOS. t>me-piece. tlie celebrated Watch, indorsed by th';ish Admiralty., ilistinsuished b.v the lirst awardsof the .\ meeting of the Independent Deiiiocr^uic London and Paris Exptiaiiious.a'iid more r-icenlly by thetmtwo-pr three weeks of ttie trial, ana >oiiie of them aic, acredThe lireBRO'W'N'S" \Jij;jcontingerfcy ; but to sive the struggle even one rayof hope must have their earnest and persistent co-operation. Will they rcmaui with us or leave us? Wesidcreti one of the most eligilde corners in the City, can l,c had in connection with the Beekman-at. store, by any1trown*s Bronchial TrochesCi're CfTVsf*. t'ojti. llofirseness, InJIitriiza, avtl Irri-Hia, aiut CatiiTth. Clrar ami ffive straigtk lo the voi^e ofPUBLIC SPEAKEP.S AKD SINGERS.Few are aware of the importance of checking a Coaxh"b'jpinnius would yield to"a mild remedy, if neirlected. Hoou attacks the Lungs. BrowiCa Broncliial Troches,''^ conlaiuinz demulcent ingredients, allay Pulmonary ana BrnnchialTrritatlon.BHOWN'S; "Tliat trouble ia my Throat, (for whichWilliam Williams, son of Solomonand 2iarab RogersjNAiusmu,WiilMiiiIri]- Mot.U.By agreemMit «between the couixel. the Jrial of .. Fourth CmttKamanie. Ditlriel. comprising the First,iUas^fl»erahdPiaM?9S<£^• - Paris Fans. Card CaasL Pint wnislea..rv ""!.*•"? ">'^«*^I*~e»ls,*e.,*c. The sahscrihec is now -the dlvvnse eueMoadajiiBZL Thecoaceat of the oooiuel of Mn.irithdrawal of the St. reUeva the cue of one of its moatequally dangerous0. ALLEN. Broadway, one door below Canal-st.«, 46, 62, 18. 8, eUu69, 66, 6S, 61, 3I>75. 10. 1, 20; 28, 28> 57,who leave the mayThe friands and ^ acquaintances of tSe family areover all, 5,000. National of the North, Democracya capitalreackai^We. MinorityWetfKaatioa af tke Gareraar's Private .Sec- able victory, the vote cast for Be£cxi:ixisgswhereon to uree forward inhave, pursuitof itself $G 1)0. But here is an opportunity ofgettingWe have stoodby youstand us byN. P. 'WILLIS. "I recommend their use to Public Speak-"'"" REV. E. H. CHAPIN.pottponedand Fourteenth WantsJohtiHo«an,ofthe First Ward. John BanUjh, ofLOCAL—POLITICS. '„No. 414Repubhcandisgust at its^y Gov. BOL'TWKLL, of Mass., will address our resrecttuliy invited to attend the funeral, onby friends there, and to be dealt with now. Its solutionIniver-Mr. DoTT was Deputy State Treasurer from IMO to1898, and has been Chief Clerk of the E.tccuiu e Dc- we leave to those friends, confiding in their honor, Ba;.oiuent and sub-cellar very light and dry. LOT FULLfily-place,tarailyarey>atriuiisiiichivalry.readyFAI.I, AND WINTER.For the best cut, beat made, best 6tting, fashionable, tasty, and the largest assortment of Fall and Winter clothing, furnishing goods and children's clothing, and*iM- can behold in theWe thinkor capitalints Cumpaoy.atless than atother establishment, to goF. B. BALDWIN'S, Nob. 70 aud 72 Bowerr.City.for a hut we do not fear it. reply,''1 reeman. 5 ;ind aged yearsmonths.pricesany store in thepausesoon lO conic, the splendid spectacle of a united andmade an oh.iect.'.Ibrighter daysinviteil to atteud the afternoon, at 'ifamily tliisirresistible patty,which,tiamnlingdowntlieFor further particulars, iuiiuire ofB. M. & K. A. WllITLOlK .tlargestand the fanalic. whose false and odious heresiesahout the negio race have too long disturbed our re-po.-e, will place the Constitution, with all lis sanctionsand guarantees, in such position and keeping as thateve r>' American i-iti/.en, in all parts of our country,shall, under its wise execution, have protection for allliiB projierty and an equal enjoyment with his fellowof all the territory as of all the welfare which our na-tion may acquire.In the narrie of our pastin the inleiests of commerce and properly, by all the orCO., Cor. Broadway and While-st.—in the name of hu- manity, regulated by liberty, civilization and progress.history,lies of fraternity anfl good will that to exist be- oughttween the South and the National Democracy of theNorth, by all thatis a common cause. The attack is made here. Trustthis mornlag antU Second, Ttoira, Fourth, FMUi. Sixth, iSeveath. Eighthlellii^ at Bneh Icaa thr the OnAWABB.!Not. 14.of the JColster and the saspen- tUFBi. It is said that unong the great mass of deposi- Smith, of the Seventh Wanl. Jacob Pecare, of thegoedsrlae—good in pa<t, present or future, We will resist the enemy success-and,iswe usk \ou to trust the fate of tlus battle to us. Our.sfully.notwithstanding the imminent peril now turealening the common country, we will tlius survive the shock, andunimpaired, this glorious Union of free and equal sovereign States, composed of free andequal white men.in making this appeal at the present juncture, weare impelled not only by the considerations alreadypresented, but by the evidence daily accumulating, that even unceitainty as to the course the South willpursue is seriously endangering our business inter-Winter, it not for a much Uuiger period, want and suiTeringlo a fearful extent.i'o our bretliren in this State who have so noblystood by our flag in the late canvass, we lender ourheartfelt for the eongrtitulations. Badly preparedcontest,weyetmadeagallantstand. Ourmenwere not numerous, but they are hone&t. fearless aiul Jieroic. i'hev compose at this moment the euiy DemocraticBRO'^'N'STROCBESBRCft'X'S HoAHSENEsS.''Now, there is nothing which asmall portable ateam-—a fa'jt which all otlif;rtions protesting to entertain Demooraiic doctrines \*ill. ere long, acknowledge: We must not rest or repose, but at once and iu the utmost dilijrence proceed lo perfect an organization through- out the City, State and nation, and prepare, wiien an**SrSAEEns and Singers.'*Prof. M. STACY JOHNSON,LaGrnnse, l.'a. Teacher of Vuaic, SouthernP,irtyrust inin tills Si.iteignobleorgani/.a-ctectiou again occurs, to obtain ovcr'ali'our opponent; a brilliant victor)'. Let us hope that nothing may oc- cur lo prevent an .ichievement so admirable, and that wLen next a President of the United States is to be chosen, those States may still remain together in the same bond of union which connects them now, the lie being made more .secure by the well-established enforceraeutoi the political creed which distinguishes llie Natiodhl Democracy.IXELl'TIVr COMMITTEE.The whole family of Count Guerrieri.of Terona,;;obnoxious fea-Jones, of Uie Sixth Ward. Thomas now all sellingwas unanimously adopted, of wiiich thethe concluding portion. Five thousand copies were Eleventh Ward, L. Oberie, L. Br>aiit; ThirteenthinAfter rehearsing the complaints of the South, ttie Ad-ordered printedpamphletfor distribution.;Agives his views of the moral value ot the election of Mr.Repub- lican ranks of the North, fewer AboUtionists than ourappeaisin full in thiswesk'seracy at this tune.Let us wait at least until the 4th of MarchUotaiy Hook, Bobbin and I.eaUier Pad.;theyareofour countryare respect- funeral, (Thursday) o'clock, from No. 278 Unioa-st., Brook-asof honor-and LANE, and, perhaps, as the contest has' become in all respects a national one, those Women" was a artistic andthree co^es of THE INDEPENDENT for a and year,IVebaler'a Dictionary besides, all for Six Dollars. Please orncr a specimen copy of the paper, which willI3p° Pr. Lobd'9 first lecture on "Representativeeloquent produc- G^O. Bliss. Jr.. has resigned as Private Ser rc- will be fornied the great national party of our coun- tion, and was received by a large and cultivated taryof Got. MoEOAW. It is said thiit he will resume try, and around its banner all the true Democrats will audienee with evident satisfaction. He lectures tu-retary.Albast, Wednesday, Nov. 14,also which Bzi.L and Everett obhiined. Thus highlyrally,in the ignoraiiuous obscurity and pitiful impotency Chivalry." which their meanness, folly, or corruption has se-will be taken to (Greenwood forTher. wspai.crs of PARTIAL .VOMINAIIO.NS FOB IHK CHACTKH ELKC- Persons wishing to procure this moit reliable p.«:ketprecinctsI ICharles Pradsham Waich.TIFFANY & CO., NO. 550 BROAHWAV. Idbigot1> n.CoHNFiJ. In Rnsendale, Ulster Cou:ity, N. Y.. onof the Caloric Rn- gine, the erection of one in any building does not slfect the rate of insurance. A steam-engine raises the rats from two per cent, to a figure that amouata to an abso- lute prohibition. The saving on insurance will go far in nnktBg arrangements for e.\tcu>iM: teliKraiiiiic re- (iencral Committee, composed of delegates from all tirand P.UMian Medal of fionor. c:in only lie <ure«f a a twelvemonth towards paying for a Caloric Encioeia.luiini;ihejDemaeratie (leneral Committee.conaequenceof the entiresafetyThe relation of Mrs. Bi:E:a to Hon. Km,,,, the Wards omf the met last evening at .Military irennine article by purchnsiuK at the ubove-nameoyu- buildiDga where there la but a moderats amount of prop- ports. City, ihorized depot. _CoESiKOof New-York, and t lit prominent hnancial Hall, No. Bowery, for the purpose of makingnominations for the coming„ Charter election. Mr. J . ltosiNBotr..;H was President of the meeting, and Mr. Mvri: Mastex- officiated as Secretary. The President,erty.WATER."ABeaadfalrampl"exlon"IndesiredbyaJt Ladies. Use PHALON'S Snow-white Oriental Cream." This article u without s rival aa a bcautifier of the akin and complexion. Sold by all dntcpists and fmcy-goods dealers la the United Sutes. Price, 50 centa per bottle.meajsa and the best legal skill could procure, has been 'obtained, and the private conduct of husband and wife the recent election as a proof of Its power and in- nataralblackor brownIn atl relations, and under all circumstances, Is likely fluence. Mr. U.Daties denied the statement of «»" to the hair ; the ill elTecta of bad dyes removed : the hairof Mr. Bdxch in this city, creates a liv.ly innowater. Thisfactwill become one of vast importance to the naera of power la this City the moment that the resort to the Water Meter —which will shortly become 'imperatively necessary- enables the Cro'xin Board to levy a tax oa consumersproportioned to the consumption.TESTIMONIAL.A Board of Practical Engineers of the MassachasettsCharitable Aasociation have just awarded a gold medal to an Ericsson CiJoric Engine exhibited at their recent Fair In Fanenil Hall, Boston.FOB SALE IN NUHBBRS OB BY THB gINGLE EM-^^positionterestamongtheuHXjrtenthousand, while the million are anxious Ibr the scandal necessarily incident tosuch i doBiestle relations. All the evidence that abundantiTheCaloricEngine requiresstatins the objects of the meeting, adverted to the heaiy luic ^iv. u to the nominees of the Committee atano staining the skin or injuryto bo divulged for the benelit of the nation's gossips. eral newspapers ihat this was a " Hebrew German Inviaorated foSroldifeanbdy pnraivnagtetlhyis dye. FacttBoAryT.CINIo.EL8-1 Barclaz-st. appliedAlthough the court opens to-day, the case wiU prob- Democratic ('om,„iure." It was, he stated, a Com- OB'S Wig Factory, No. W Bond-st.ably not be reached befijre Wednesday. Mr. Boecu mittee of Democrats acting together as citizens ofproposes to apply Jor a postponement, which v.m. of New-\ork without regard to sect or nationaUty, hav- Liial!ilua»iaiaaalaThi! haaiaai iihaa^asalcourse, be resisted, and if granted, Mrs. Boacn wiU iiig f6r their object b„i,:iy ,he good of the pe«^e. He gg^M, nBuurraa and RKs^oBoraGINK, AT NO. 164 DUANK-8T„ KKW-YORK.SEN* FOBArAXPHLET,ma!» application for the custody of the youngestVaraals kvaa inoiiata.">.">' possessed In aUthe child, which must give rise to an acrimonious and .t1h.e ?C.li.arwtierT„elrect.^i"on was "ommation of officers forW^rdtof t^Ci°tv"'%ff'^;''*='^e discussion, besides eliciting soma For Aldermer, theof What is caUed the lich evideace. 1 doubt not f9Ui ot ^^cupt^s Scajrist vl Ihe l«emy.„c»iri W«^ ""^^wrmuuuilly aggressivthen gone intoonly nomination made was thatBewtacataaUaa,1III It1;Kadleal Care afBerala.—Br. 3. N. MARSH, of'Jthe well-kaown houseof MARSH i CO., Nu. Vesey-st..N^w-York, derotea Kpecial atteation to the surgical adaptation of his Radical Ctire Truss to all cases of rup- tore, however complicated. A viait to their eatablish- ment will satisfy patients or their physicians that he is prepared to treat all cams requiring mechanical aurge- ry with skill and BuceesB. Also, a lar?e assortment of ailkand Lisle thr,wd elastic stockings for varicose veins, Female SupiKirtHrs, Shoulder Brjices. improved suspen- Bory BsndaceB, and lustrumeDtB tor physical defbrmities.Brit-t Brothers, makers of the wood-work-Fourtti Ward. Mortimer SulUran, of the FifthusualHaving been appointed agent by three dilTereat man-ufaelnreis of Jewelry for the sale [ot their isVr J*°'8*»> Fiorteenth Ward.tlyin of GoldEar-ringa, Pins. Braeeleta.'Wateh-Chsins,At much less price than any other boaae.tSosenar eC Iks State af DalMaia ladrawtngs or the Dslawan Stats Lettaey, «• aMtttr thai the iaUowiag WW the aaariMiMnnra ihiadav:DBLAWABB LonCBIES. Extra Olus K». S4S, Hire. U. UH.Cntmciltnanir*Ad«d"r"e"s•s "o»f 'th"e" "BreeUnridge Oeaeral Ceas- Niiieteemh, Twenlieth. Twenty-first and Twentr- Troacs, Columns. Sintara. Ueaoia. DoorUN GBOBOB 0. OOBOOH.„nee ,•f New-York.SrvoftHi;7i«r»<:(—ComprisingTwelflh,Witaess oar at BalMlagB.-Iroa Store and Bank hands,Wiladngtoa, HeL. Kov. 14,Thirteenth Ward, John H. Trapp ; Seventeenth Ward, G. N. Herman.;Ward, John Botts. S. A. Smith W. Schloss, J. Letmoii.;Ward,,"walllMi Assistant Surgeon TiTUia accompanies* poses that our General Government should be admin- posed to the action South Carolina was now taking, Those who wish to koow the relative noertts of Sewing pro-tlw:en«^ition.Tlie Warm Spring Reserration is to be protectedby liieut. Gasae and eighteen privates of Company II,to his Cabinet. If, in the selection of doctrines or willing to fight dlsuidonism South, as they had been test the articles of children's clething tor sale at No 496In this Sermon, Mr. Beeclier gives his opinion of theFint'Bnvoons.Q. BI.BCTION RETURNS.:^lilpTIOKAI.; SICHMOND CODNTY—[Oftoial.)and all Southernpatriiitic men ol other sections wbo are prepared tosnd Joshua B. GiildlngsforOaUn tlc«et ForB»p«Hieaaticket.fWcfn nwority For ;Kai)Tt<?0Bgreas)V (Caral Commissioaer)i, (County Treasurer) —od, (AMttant Treastirer),ep.. (8«kaot Commissioner) ,^_., (tMate Eriaon Inspector)aMbB.(4ustiae SeaslaDs) GeoE, (Coroner).Agatost (<uffrafeNEW-JERSEY.Dixon's line, but nevertheless feK that there was real -.'.sro supfart Southern rights to the last extremity. This danger to the Union. He thought that Mr. Lihcolh witB4ns^'al would be particularly deplorable in view should reassure the coimtry by avowing conservativeBaker, 'Wheeler & Vtitsoa, £c. Agents wanted.VERNON & CO., No. 4S9 Broadway. souri Compromise, the Kansas Outrages, snd theDrsdof.Taxaioir,J., Wednesday;N.persons are dected ElectorsNot. 14.generally supported.staunch and fearless support of men whom no merethen leam upon what principles Mr. Lihoolh pro-istered. l<t us see what class of men will be called and believed the Bell and Everett men were just as Machines and their work, should parchase, use and grcBS."Ministers, he evince a tendency wtilch bemay regard-rights our Confederacy, it will then be timeto crush sectionalism North. [Cheers.]Broadway. They are sold at cost, are required in every family,andtheyexhibittheworkofthe)>eatmachineB in fair contrast with the work of all the inferior sewing machines.Despotism ol the Plantation and whatHe depicts the progress of Emancipation in the BorderSlave StatesHe makts a graphic allnsion to Johned as calculate<l to impair the of ofwas introduced to He felt at home among the friends he saw around htm. knowing them to Ije lovers of tlie Union, and opponents of :iny party whicii .''Ought its dismemberment. He claimed to be asconservative a man as there lived south oflatobrcomsofit.to take defiidte action, if secession should now take place, and the Southern Senators resign, the wtiole power of the Government would be placed in Mr. LincotN*4amid^^hands,cooperationtakenfromtne;TheyoB^Seasocrat ; Joseph C. Homblower, Republican tie for the Con.stitutlon and the Union, and At a meeting of the Republican General Com-fulMil*iy Beoipcrat:JoelParker, Democrat— men duty Theodore Run- whole countFV the who stand up and bat*;fta tttce Qooglas Democrats are elected by from3^«»4d000m^iOTity.TIte straight Douglas ticket carried just enoughdiailes E. Ehner, RepoblicanRepublican, and Isaac W. Scudder, ilepublican.evening,;:Wm.Cooke, fear drive away from their sense of to theRepnMieanEdward W. Ivins,mittee lasting resolutions, after a stormy and protracted discus- sion, were passed :Reaolved, That we greet our coimtrymen every- where with hearty congratulations upon the great suc- cess of I8f0, and rejoice with them in the national character that freedom now maintains;BrooWyn,Wednesday,;equality in the Union to all the States. The sirengtn of the Breckinridge party In this City is in no degree exhibited by the vote for our State ticket. We were unable to have it circulated at some of the polls, for lack of organization and the means to insure activeelectioneering. Althoughweconsentedtosup-/anip^tedbyaoBM 1,500, while the others lose It teen, abcHit wtiose operations so much has been said. In some parts of the State the We were in no way represented in that body. It as- h7ft<aa.lMieSM. sisted the Douglas faction, wtiile it ignored us, and,wbat was called the ' Fusion ticket," and did all in our power to promote its success, we had no aid orAlso, a from the graphic paperportBrooklyn.Kblloo« IlAWES.—InBrooklyn,onMonday,Nov.12,penTa<9'lflM>^ Xessrs. Vroom. Wurtz, Condict andBnMrfe defsat fliem. Messrs. Brewer and Wurtz encouragement of any kind from the Committee of Fif- neither silence or an unmanly denial of her name—by Rev. Robert R. Booth, of Stamford, Rodney Kel-shall be the way to influence or public trust.Resolved, That we are well content to bear the con- sequences of elevating Abeaham Liscouf to the Presi- ptsijjl eulml asthoiq^ the news of the Aisioii had with a policy as unwise as its motives were no doubt dency, with due respect decliiilQg to solicit from himLCGO, of Bartford, to Masy £., daughter of Dr. John Hawks.ilEEKER—ilANXiNO.-In New-Durham. N. J., on Tues-aesJlrv^iAedthani.TlikJittBtte TOte together there is a. majority ofany expressions of his opinions or purposes, or his resignation as President elect, so as to soothe theDv Veemet—Wbittklsey.—In Old Saybrook. Conn., Rev. 1 heodore L. Cuyler, Rev. Dr. Tyng, James Bus- on Tuesday. Nov. 13, Mr. P. H. Dc Verset, of .lersey selltrnaalj^tft^•to 4,000 against Liscols.ever, belicviing that he will be just as ready to do the one as the other.to MiBB Mast U. WuirTELssr. of the former Lowell, William Page, (the distinguished artist,) place.'VIRGINIA.RiCHHOiis, Wednesday, Nor. 14.City,BaoKAW—GoLLB.—In Newark, N. J., on Wednesday, Eilcs Dean Proctor, William M. Evarts, WiHIam- Allen.any portionEx-Mayor theSvAHir, ofenoughgood, failed to achieve the object winch It might atleast have much more promoted by a course more justtowards the National Democracy. Mr. Bkadt, our tumult of any disturbers of the public peace whomso- candidate for Governor, for reasoiLS already stated,received less than 5,000 votes in this City, wtiile thenumber ca»t for Mr. Ltkch, our candidate for the lo-cal office of Register, was about 31,000. A Douglas of the Government our fathers made, we have no organ in this City declared, before the election, that fears of its disruption by defected politicians of anyday, Oct. 30, by Rev. Jolm B. Thompson, W. ItLoouriEin Barrett Browning, Horace Greeley, John 6. Whittier,MEKEEB.of Elizabeth, and At oDBTA, daughter of Stelle Bayard Taylor, Rev. Dr. Cheever, Grace Greenwood. Manning, Esq., of New Durham.T^ last aocouBts are unexpectedly farorable toWiiH. aa;! the &U cOdal returns may l>e necessary to the vote for Register would lie the true test of Mr. State ; there is the jrower and the will to defend theDIED Rev. R. S. County.-In this City, on Wednesday, Nov. 14, at A Haven ;!.GEORGIA.Avsnsu, Ga., Wednesday, Nor, 14. Mr. DouoLAs is, of course, annihilated. He never can orable nominations the support of all good eiti^ens.laithful domestic in the family of 'Wm. £. Collis, aged nearly "0 years.Iresult in this State.Bkbcxineidqi's strength here, a fact worthy of recol- Constitution with forbearance, but without faltering. lection. But it is not to be always thus. The future Resolved, That, having achieved a triumph in the is full of promise, and already we are engaged in am- State and nation, it is our duty to save the City also, ple prcparaliou to make it yield a glorious harvest. and we ackiiowiedge the obligation to deserve by hon-Stores. D. D., of Brooklyn ; Rev. J. M., Thesxbe Coc.ntv, a native of France, aud an old and P. Thompson, D. D.. of New-York ; Rev;, Joshua I,eavltt,TliethisAtaie is neariy 2,000.against Brecki.neiugk in.43 an iuduceineni to snbscrilie to this valuable jour-popular majorityambition is ever to be gratilied his wasby retaining The only other business transacted arrangingINDIANA.limiAaApous, Wednesday, Nov. 14.Republicans, promised tliem, as an equivalent for the AbolitionistsMoEEisoN'.—In this City, on Tuesday, Nov. 13. Mr. J. CUTE MoEEiBon. in his 64th year.money (two dollars abe a candidate of the Democraoif again, and If his Coalition «e abhor ; cooperation we hivite.for the primary elections, which were fired for next Tuesday evening.Funeral from No. 49 Market-st., at 3 P, M., this dav.(Thursday.) The friends and acquaintances of thefamily are respectfully invited to attend. Her remains nal, any person who will send to the ofSce the names of will be interred in Greenwood.vulgara nomination destined to dsfeat, it must be when he has formed a new league with the andthree new subscribers with theyear each, or si.v dollars for the three subscriptions,} will lie presented with a handsome copy ofWEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, Pictorial Edition, containing 1 ,509 ensraved Ulostra- tions. ThepriceofthisDictionaryatthebookstoresisBaltimore, meeting,' great applause.BROWN'S iS'i CocoH.'if desired, to whomit will be Also for sale, the lot and building No. 11 RE.\liK.-ST., 25 feet front by halt the block to Cliaio-bci --.-t.te'fttjt "T .sonness of the Tkroat, Relieve tit,tn:r Coutrlf hi Consumption. Brotwltitis, Anth-H.\scuElT.—In Syr:icuse. on 13. KltUA Tuesday, Nov.Bal-low, wife of John C. llanchett, ana sister of B. R. Barlow, Superintendent of the Five Points House of Industry, in this City, in the 3sth year other age.ERICSSON'S CAIiORIC ENGINIC.In the Times of Oct. 17 is a paragraph giving an as-couiit of the explosion at Colllnsvllle, Ind., of a smalcommon cold'* in its tirst stage : th%t which in theTROCHES" .\lmost instant rehef in the 'labor of breathing peculiar to Asthma."TROCHES ous."RKV. n. W. WARREN, TKOCHKS HoatuTi. " Benefiiial when compelled to apeak, auf-BROWN'S fcriax from Cold." KEV.S.J.P.ANDERSON.TROCHESBKOWN'STROCHESTROCHESSt. Loliis. EfFXCTr if. in removing Hoarsenea.^ aud BROWNS Irritation ol the Throat, so commou withKRO'WN'S From their p?st effect, I think they will be ofpermanent advantAKe to me,"REV. E. ROWLEY, A. M.,TROCHESBROWNIS SoldbyBlJDrugglstoatTWENTYFIVETROCHESPresident of Athena CoU#ge, Penn. CENTS A BOX..elrNew-Orleans, explodeii—thirty persons New-Haven, Nov. a.—The boiler of the factory of San;from MemphisSOLE AGENTS IN NEW-YOMK.Batckelar's Hair-dye pradaces :perlhctly;Seventeenth!;SBWIHS. No. i35 Broadway, New-Tork.1,408 ofthefactthatMr.Lincolnistohaveamajority sentiments,andexpressinghisdetenninationtoen- Whlte>theHatter>kaaaawanhandalarge SaottDecision;9(U agaiiMt him In the House as well as the Senate, if our force existing laws. [Cheers.) In case the danger stock of Hats. Caps and Furs, of the LATEST FASH- He gives his view of the character and'Majority. 7 OS 786 868 T42Irlends remain where they are.Brethren of the South, we call upon you not to de-sert us who have to tbe best of our capacity, and without hope or chance of preferment, profit or re- ward, othtrthan the censciousness of having actedgrew greater, he would advise a Convention, not of Southern States but of all the States, and the settle-ment of the disturbing question, by pledging tiie North to tlie following propositions :tion in the occupancy of the Territories.He tielieved that upon the basis of these proposi-tions, all present evils would be corrected, and our .Covernmeiit move on in harmony forever.The meeting adjourned at about 10 o'clock.ION. 'WHITE'S DRKSS HA'TS ARE SUPEBB. La- dies purchasing Furs should not fall to call first at No. zu Broadway, opposite Et. Faal'i Church.OwnenafHarseasrlll BadDr.ToUbk'I.ln-lUEMT in pint bottles at 60 cts. superior to anythingstanding He tells what he thinks will come sf the threatened633 their natural allegiance masses of men who, from per-2,385 sonal preference, or the habits of organization, ad- hered to him, and we had no aid from any of the ordin- ary organizations by which the Democratic ticket isAn unrivaled assortment of newest styles. KELLOGG, No. 381 Canal-st.The Rtereeseaple Kwupmitumt—WHOLESALE and Rrtajh—E. ANtHONT, Ho. 601 Broadway. Ca'a- logues sent on receiptof stamp. PHOTOGRAPHIC MA- TERIALS for amateurs and the trade.MARRIED.HtBBARD—McKay.—luNov. M, by Rev. Mr. West, Mr. H. BAKEULooHusaABD to Maeoaeet G. McKat, daughter ol Samuel M. McKay, Esq.. all of Brooklyn.liberty-loving should do to maintain the victory which they have achieved.THE INDEPENDENTContains every week a complete sermon by Rev. Heary Waid Beecher, revised by himself. These sermous arecopyrighted, and appear in no other journal.This number of THE l.VDEPENDENT contains also afine article byHOl'.AClS GREEIEY, Entitled"~Tbe official role of New-Jersey is now in. The party call could control, no persuasion allure, and noWo had to the rely upon1. That hereaiter the North should recognize, with- out qualific.ition. the institution of Slavery as it hasSouthern Secession;Untitled DocumentSeventh EighthTHK BEST IN D8B FOR FAMILY764 well, maintained the political doctrines which you675 advocate. Do not leave us in a hopeless and endur- existed under the Constitution.I32 ing minority. Do not infer from the vote in this State 2. The honest enforoement of the Fugitive Slave 56 Cortlandt-st., N. Y.748 that tlie South has so few friends here as the canvass law.673 might seem to indicate. Mr. DouaLAS drew off Irom 3. The equal right of the South to a full participa- Hats, Caps, Furs, far Gents, Ijadlesi and He gives some sound advice as to 'what patriotic andGeneral Cammittee. IT TAKES THE BESFONSIBILITT.at No. 618 the follow- Broadway,onResolved, That haying full confidence in the stabilityNov. 14, by Rev. Dr. Nichols, Isaac V. Beokaw, ofNew-York, to Miss ELLtE, daughter of Joseph Gould, Butler, John Bigelow, of tlK New- York Evening Post, Esq., of the former place. snd others.Tbe Editors are R'-'v. Leonard Bacon, D. D.. of New-henceforward;WOOD, BOBT 4 <ra„ WOHlncton. DsL, or St. Loaia, Me.HETOIT WABD BKECHBR!»» Worfc IkrImporter ofIT,prices.Ihe GBOVER &Club, held a large meeting at the Bell and Ererert BanAdKthRerelebgyapllanceddgweintnhinet—hiesrgeraecahtloyf arUe.duced in price, Brooklyn, snd hfUI their breathless attenUon for aahour and a half.By thelT Frnln ye Shall Knew Them."- uring time and bouudiiig the eras of Ihe world'aParker Scwlac ItlacUaes. FiaST-CLASS, DOUBLS-TliaEAl>,940Mason& Rai>idaudnoiSelesB,underpatentsofHowe.GroverkPooLE—Meios.—In Brooklyn, on Taesday evening. Nov. 13. at Grace Church, by Rev. Dr. Vinton, Sahuel H. Poole to Joua A., daughter of Charles A. Meigs, Ksq., alll ofTHE UNION UN TRIAL."His fneiidr are respectfully invited to attend hisfunera'. from ttie New-York Hospital, (Dnane-st. in- tie sent to your address free sf cost.Cemetery interment. City, on Tuesday. Nov. 13. Nancy PlsTAlir, widow ol the late Joseph Sistare, in the fcCthyear of her a^e.Her funeral will take place on Thursday afternoon,at 4 o'clock, irom the I resbylerian Church, in(I>r. I'stts'.) TIil- friends of the respectfully invited to attend, ^without further invita* ti'Ui.SIansfifld.—On Wednesday, Nov. 14, Miss Kfii^CES C. il ANsiii'Ln.Due notice will be given hereafter ot the funeriil. Fri:kman.—In Bro,)klyu. on .'WeUuesday, Nov. 14,The relatives and friends of thefullyTheTuesday. .Nov. I.'l, months and 21 days.PetckCorn'CU, agoi»0 7 years,engiaeCalorie Engine, ixcin defitruction of life and llnib.by Ericsson'sexplodingwith thisshackingwere thrown into the I.ake. Only the Captain and some of the crew were^-ed.^nprisim: fig-At/Fcracm*, were lost; and the family of Count Avrighi,of Sale, suffered the same fate. The num- ber of victims is about sn-enty.Oct. 31.—The boiler on the steamer H. R. W. ff/.7,b«tmdshoreexploded,and ti^liUj personatowere killed snd forty or fifty scalded.ofploded, tearing away a pertionof the building, and bad-aereralhad bis skull fatally fractured. Two otherB were badly Bcalded—another badly injured. A boy named Rice la anpposed to be buried under the ruins. The cause ofcarriages, e.x-940Adaias He criticises the Mexican War, the Repeal of the Mis-else for curing colic, bruises, &;c. Lincoln, as answellings, galls* lumps,Sold by all the storekeepers and druggists. Depot No. hocest man, and an incorruptible administrator of theGoveraaient Children. menWilliam Uoyd Garrison ;64.ir». M4, Ifov. 14. UM.He gives his opinion of Abraham,72,8, U. 74. 7, 21, SOj J8, 11,great Sermon, in whioh this distibguished Pheagfaerof MRS.HARRIETBEKCIIEBSTOWE.Among the 'Tegular contributors to the INDEPEN-DINTareMrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe, Mrs. ElizabethD. of andD., Brooklyn, Theodore Tiiten, Esq.nam,- ^ jTtna.1tiria inl th»Ijuincy Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 