 »tm^ Itffto-aflqt €lte<^ liilag, K<»cn^tftr48t#'m—mS—SMM^^^^^^—^^^^^^^^^before tlie Sou* her sSverv as essenUal to her safety and etpuUtrla the aadjeg the pMdSIiSrrhBTiiig exercised their conrtltnttonal prlv- tJnionwlU insist iMion their being retained Nuoptoa areof the minutes ofries of petitions were presented and*5rir5oi?\hSr\«e»lleveaf electlnEnirlv the man of their choice, and *utute^£r sod faithfully executed.the previous aMeting, a se- relerred.JrtSSj'ii^lSSwfntt lu Ms ,lBdlc.teto indhijvyialdjuralCongressonthismbject, for the reason that the Southern Senators and Repre-to down Company layGuard; Light Oaard,;CaptCoMtitutlan ^cd his deference rJebts.s^ CIVIS.anv mldiUonal legislation hytwo side tracks In front of their property on Tryon-row, was, after some apposi-V*ir and;BosEiaa; from 10c. to lie. for middling, and declined itcSSMSSION AND HOW TO EFFECT IT. Fb]LA1)X1.pbu, Friday, Nov. 16.sentatives have not introduced andtion on the of Alderman partahSm.S."::?*^*;*'* 9*^- They nuSSrS ifiSlCHAaLxSTOH,Sales to.day 1,100 baSlaetsu,rday,Nav. 17.Tinits :Tour calm and comprehensive view in yesi or-and Mblcmode of secessiM, should be thoroughly con- sidend by every reflecting mini, whether NorUi,fl»nUi, East or West.It is an apparent fact that South Carolina has beenaHcnatcd In feeling tram the Free S»tes, and from her"^""^ ""* ^'^''^'lb tke B*itOT of the Ifta-YorkCroton thiirSenatorsandRepresentativesdeemtheirnghU So,too,wastheresolutionofAiflermanBaolst,tomeeSlnJ^yClt?!"""^gy's p«per, In regard to the only possiblejructi-the Constitstion withWEFB-POIBONING AT BERGEN.haJterWnytoon,the s"tmped iate the hapotbaaenaries handfsay"s Dssa Itthe Constitution slnoe 1831. It is idleTompkkis- question of proprietorship over the' discussion, which resulted laaUegiancetoBOWtoarguewhetherherposition•r founded on jusUce. The naked question for theAmerican people to decide is whether it is better to <-h»iSrv tlip<:e laws or to enac4Thebtta buried pierhms to 1831 .TbattUs dnirable end maybe consummated, the(he Ctacinnati Platform and the doctrine o^^noninter- „H„n hi, i-oncress with tlie question of Slavery inpropriety $3,500 to Hose Compai^' No. 57 for theofallowing;going to New-York, Mr. Absom was there severalRailroad, 11 ;Sight Exchange on New-York at par.Southern Confederacy, and that no arguments or re-lege of Pharmacy, and Long Island College Hospi-their views, then let said Convention agree -^pon the.dividing llnes-of State and Territorial pos-or State, or shall endanger the peace and safety ofreceived from Coroner Thomas Ga&iey, of Jersey City, a glass jar said to contain the stomach and awiSthimpdse. to J. BJ.aBcrkosowne,r fJtoChon.sonS,ailLe'dveNropvo.ol IS ds., 3, passedihingris based «n wisdomlumbia. Theycertainlyour sacred Constitution by fore^, as South kSSZthatUie'?n"«'Coju^r"t,a5g^a^in\sftStin"eemr.5, and the adoption of report (to purchase) by a vote ofKennedy made it ner homeMr. Absom together a great many times during thepholdCarolina seems determined in her madness we shallhe had seen Jnlia andFhiladclpUa StMk Jt—ati. PHnABaLPBiA, Monday,4o., or to ae amend It that she may secede in peace,witbont violating its organic <erm, its spirit having of ^idress, bold and true National men, pledged toCompany No. 60 obtained an of;Julia generally came over onleoasoekewdhsinchas a safoeiglnbaerdwiisnetended to civs notiee of dis- heavy. Pennsylvania State Fives, 93^; taberemedlmsiag;htand its ImUcesstcianpnesasth^oiatlhdma,svtielrl thoeomtbeml-atoS^ate's'^annerrit^ics, andV District of CoU- Covenorrof the ether States should pronptly convene bte,who, added to the SouthemRepresentaiives, wUlof res.>Iution granting thetimes aLr. Quidor, who made the post-mortem examination,Pennsylvania Railroad, S8.tlwli Ii<igli!itnwi« and recoaunead Out they instructtMb Bwntnn «nd Kepresentadves in Congress to T^lnriBB mdment glvlBg n full and complete MMtKutoBal permission for Sooth Carolina to recede fttnilkeTJUon. We will say to her, "If you cm for- t<tnat«« have onecoantry, one language, one God, •Mttut la peace. Our past memorie.'; and present feel-In the there Senate,receivedfromtheJudgesof -himas imusually themusclesofthearms being rigid;were distlnutly outlined, and he could see the entireand the toes depressedBan rises.... • 52San sets.... t 3B|Moon ssti... USD Inltsasrroaslbim it Is sympathatieX disease afourselves in SvUwar. Anweaskisthatwemaybepermittedto vUltaegrav«sofour forefctiiera, vvho died covered «iOiteiaortal glory, fighting side by dde with your SviRia and Mamoh, and now sleep the sleep of deathstli-es,so as to give an Ahoiition majority in conse-HAaar Howard, Ex-Chief Engineer of the Fire De- partmentAlderman BaAni opposed the idea of putting a Fireman's portrait in the City Hail, among the repre- sentations of men who were generallgr regarded as statesmen. He had a high opinion of Mr. HowAaa;deceased had every pearance of a violent struggle pre<vious to death; ;Headsdw is also beiima^kie veryooauaan, aaoallylaai aKke prevent us from embrailingproduce thosesymptoms.MONDA Nov.1». ncnxmsY, bgaishedbyflisiiameof kcadaekt, sonetlass*DE1,*WARE. CONVENTION OF ALL THE STATES.illegalutterly powerlessfor evil, if he should have the dis-her death had all the appearance of strychnine.Dr. Booth was recaUed, and corroborated the evi-HfS;t'elaSSmleir''A.5?n'!SL,f"*"'F. *. Brone, Foster, Balthaore, W. Dalsell.Ships JotoBartram,iH»m..) Klmdsen, Hambarg, L.instanoss the pabi is in the front of the hSd, over an* •r both eyes, and sometimasprovaklacvomtttMr: aadsr-keneaUi yearto do Even in the distribution of his wrong.Palmettos^-positionpatronage, he would be dependent upon the Senatein his official but he did not see the capacity,dence of the former witness. He was of thethat her death was brought about-by the continual ap- plicationofsomecorrusiveacridpoison.so that a bcui man to office without the DaotitleM, at such a time as the present, you are consent of those in wnom the South confides. A par- tisan President, thus tied hand and foot, powerless for or evil, without the consent and support of his political opponents, should t>e the object of pity and commiseration rather than of fear ana apprehension, by a brave and chivalrous people. What good or harm can he do to anybody, except to humble the pride and wound the sensibilities of a large portion of the American people by occupyixg the chair once filled Washington, Jefferson, Madison and Jack-Hoadley, Magna. Liverpool, fethe treatment of either ""^•*•"'O"""*»•»«andsate reoMdr,Ik lit EtHtm of Uu tfew-Tork Timet:to estimatehe can notgoodappointneers'tportraitsinsotheGovernor'sroom.BsAnr) was mistaken as to the terms of the resolution-/orMS inbtle powerorerwkelmed with conmunlcalions on the present •Tisis of<afiMrs, and yet I venture to trouble you withwhen washing at Mr. Absem's, the eldest daughter,Virglnlaa, Lamry, Richmond, C. H, Mcrson. Campbell, F.,eradioatiuK the rilsrisrs «f which Hsad^ oaernag index.ay views on the subject, expecting you them at what they are worth.ernor's room.After some debate, the resolution wasapain in the stomachHunter; Waccamaw, Nickels, ft Co.Bucksville,R. B. BuckThe iwmedy I propose for the present agitation isMrs. Mam Bennettsome three years ago, while very angry, she told Mr. Absom that his wife was keeping company with an-Rol- ; NLeepotcuandei'as,Let a GoMvisnon of (ike pnplt of the Vnitei States be called, by joint resolution of Con- gress at its approachingrieession, to meet on or about tte1MbdayofFebruarynext, and let its members, and definitively, settle the question, whichBlitnisd,e,OPialrlseotnts,, WFirlamniknlgitno,n,C.D.P.C.LevMeurrireahy Small, Salem, R. W. Ropee k Co.simply this:COUNCILM^.paaaeablyitagwagitatingthewholecountry. U•ertalDed at such convention that one or more States, as represented by their delegates, are in favor of aNov. 3 with mdae. and 40 passengers to France, llacdonald ftIt be well as--being occupied priwnhco^saellyRobert Ogden Doremut, M. D., being duly sworn, deposes and says that he resides at No. 70 Union-£?/*i*'77X''? ""^ ""^ Spalding's Cephalic Pills.ful, legal and constitutional remedy for all the evils and grievances with which the country may be af- flicted.If, in the meantime, any act shall be perpetrated Monrtrancesonthepartoftheirfellowmemberscan whichshallviolateorImpairtherightsofanycitizenCo., arrived off the Battery at 4 A. M.sure, now, and you've sed it.anv portion of our people for which the Constitution aassions, the distribution of the public property, the and laws shall fail to provide adequate and efficientCape Race fn 8 di., and was off Nantucket Sboal, 200division of the Army and Navy, and other Important remedies, the time will then have arrived for thoseCorporatioin said list the suits commenMcaeyd munipaw, N. J. last, designatingDooneeoOfHtSbeTI"FaAuTmIyOHiUsORfleOshOiSsTheIiYrKtHoK"NIs.Mat so Bttle understood, and so much ssparscTb. Mvsness. Often originatisg in rnrnlntsineigmleaertseeddentsaoiaw--^eetious arising, fjrom such a momentous event, and let OS thereupon part in peace from our Southern brethMO. As to the composition of said Convention, I woDld suggest that each State send twice as manywho think the Constitution has been disregarded and the Federal power perverted to purposes inconsistent with their safety, honor and equality, to consult and deliberate upon the nature, extent and mode of re- dress.I do not anticipate, nor do I deem it possible in thethat hewas requested bysaid Cor- oner to submit said stomach. Intestines and contentsto a thorough taxicological analysiserly andbaffling.Steamship Thomas Swan, Ramsey, Portland, withas it is entitled to members of Congress, said delegates, however, to be chosen by the dirtct ptfular vote in- each State, and not by the several Leg-jalatures. Let its place of meeting be TATASHINGTON.petition 1812," askingthe post-mortem examinationSteamersonseqoence to excite anxiety, wliile in reality it is Oia presnrsor and companion of many of the most (ktal and dangerous diseases, and unless early eradicated it will bring thesuirerer to an untimely grave. Amooc tlia Bghter evils of which costivenest Is Oie nsBal attendantdelegatesfor anappropriationto enable them toAnthracite, Jones, Philadelphia, with mdse.rightsUMOERITY OF THE MOVEMENT FOR DIS- the States upon the subject of SlaveryUNION.WiSHnwroir, Saturday, Nov. 17, 1660.should find myself painfullv mistaken on this point,I havB no hesitation in expressing my deliberate con-viction that such an outrage would not only make theSessions, to the use of uie Superior Court Referred for the examination of poison cases;that after pro-*»tkeEditorofIkeNevt-YorkTimesthat found deponentallow one who has excellent opportu-date all the conservative elements of the North in fjTu and determined resistance, by overwhelming majorities. In such an event, the South would occupy Wmdse. and passengers to Spofford, Tileston ft Co.WilliOeciorjudging correctly to assure you that the representations made to you that the excitement Is abating at the South, and the danger vanishing, are mtterfy unfounded. So far from it, the exasperation «f the Southern is moment increasing.youSKUtenoe anlsss the canse IsFrom all these eonsiderations. It follows that Uk dtor-;the contents of the aforesaida stomach tied at the cardiac and pyloric openings,alarming NotunhequentlytbedtMaKsaasMd symptom,originate in Constipation, but taks aa an faiiltiiSBdsMt—Bvenln Virginia, entirely conservative at this time, rely upon the justice of their cause, and confidentlyyellowishbitter taste, but that no odor was detected such as da., with cotton, ftc. to Post, Smith ft Co. Has ex- as um will appetahreanionesidaoas eomplalat,Mjown opinion, founded on good data is, that nothing Confederacy as a thing desirable in itself, and are Alderman Bsadt said that Mr. Piatt the Cityextremity sub-mucal spots of a yellowish orpurient Bark Cornelia, Barton, Havana 12 ds.,witti.8ugartofor Oephalle Pills : I find they never faiLimd I itttmt msad them in all easss of Headache.Jones—I shall send for a boxfrsa.U my BuSeriBg friends, for they are a rMlpeople everyTHE CITY DEPOSITS.THE BFECIAI. COMMITTEE OF ALDEBHEN—THE CITT cognlzanle by the sense of smell that said stomachthe excitement is on the march, and no one can un-dertake to say that before the meeting of her Legis-latare in January, there will not be a majority forMMnnitat- I am as decidedly for the Union as any ces I can perceive no just cause, no reasonable ground tan within its limits, and even one of those who for such rash and precipitate action as would plunge think there is nothing to. justify now a resort to dissolu - into the horrors of revolution, anarchy and bank-tk>n« But Ithinkinthepresentperilouscondltionoftbe ruptcy, the happiest people, the most prosperousCHAMBERLAIN FAILS TO APPEAB.The Special Committee of the Board of Alder- "centre.BarkD. Jex, Guide, Malaga Oct 10. passed GibraltarThis may save the country, though I do not believe it wUL ButtheremedyIs worthirymg. Yours,<tc.Uefir.Bark Peter Demill, Hoey, Savannah 8 ds., with cot-it, the most precious legacy ever bequeathed to a Tree people by a patriotic ancestry, POSITION OF VIRGINIA IN THE OLDEN and are determined to maintain it as long as their rights and liberties, equality and honor are protected by it, the election of Mr. Lincoln, in my humble opin-TIME.XHE OLB SOMINION IN 1796.ing of the Special Committee on City Deposits, is re- of a faint bitter taste. That after repeated washing Brig Bion Bradbory, (of Eaatsort.r Miller, Mobile 20 TwxHTv Mnxioirs or BouAU Savib.—Br. Spaldiac ceived. My duty as Chamberlain being simply to re- with distilled water (the washing being reserved) y,el- ds.. With cotton to Brett, Son ft Co. Has been 9 ds. N. has two milUoasol' bottles of his seMiaMTt tke Editor ^f the JTcw- Yark TimesIn 1796 Hon. S*. GaoMC Tockxb, one of theJudges of the 6eDanl Court in that Stats, anrt-ffte-fssEor of La* in tke Oatvonlty afWiUiain and Mary,after dellvertMUaooana e< lectures there on Law sion on my part prior to my resuming my seat in the and Police, published in a small volume, that part of Senate. That the passions and animosities engenderedby recent contests may soon give place to reason anait which related to Slavery, with a plan for its gradual and wisewere seen underneath the muetfous coat attin dollars* worth of broken:pyglorus,fui^tore, thns makiikr-that cahnabolition, and submitted and inscribed it to the Gen- and fraternal feeling be restoredPLATT, Alderman Bradt said the original resolutiontially completedanalysisfor the variouspoisons,patriotismeral Assembly of Virginia. The work is a very con- tion mav be preserv^ inviolate, and the Union main-but thatcise and interesting history of the origin of Slavery-his A pigeon-hole by somebody.of itobtained sufficient chemical evi-— whiteandblack inofT?our friend and fellow-citizen, NEW-OsiSiHB, Tuesday, Nov. 13, 1860.SENATOR TOOMBS' SCHEME.The Washington correspondent of the Philadelphiacopy ever, in the hands of the Committee.lioomported havingMS"Ovu-xzeinaiBT, and tbeanxiety incident to sloee attention to business or study, are among the muneroaa causes of Nervoiu Headache. The disordered state of mind and body incident to this distressing is a fatal blow to all andenergywith ex- ft^cfs from laws on the subject, and statistics, and ^]9»iwgwithhisplanofgradual emancipation,which, he flattered himself, was liable to fewer objections than most others that had been submitted to the pub- lic, showing tiiat in those days it was common to sub-mit such plans to the public in Virginia.His comments on the institution in the first and lastthis and othercountries,S. A. DOUGLAS.:mental ears sadpages, thou^ then constituting part of the instructiongiven to the Virginia youth attending the University,are such as in our day, in many parts South, wouldhang a man on the nearest tree. There is no doubt in a compact column, to be moved under the orders Imt that in Virginia in 1796 the same opinions were' We band, Williamwhich always accompanies aad agaravatss tha— held by her most prominent citizenswhoarenow ina raceof ul- leaders, engagedPeter PatrickWilliam Garret VanAaron V. P.opinions which vie South will not allow men now to hold in the Freeofthetraismmate command of this sectional movement. ThereRov^e,IMatea.INCENDIARY NEWSPAPERS. Tb lie Editor of the New-York Times;Ncw-YORE, Friday, Nov. 19, 16«0.I am in favor of tolerating the largest lib- erty in newspaper opinions and the publication of sen- sation articles, yet I think that when a journal labors to create and feed a panic by exaggerations, in panic times, it should be«frowned down. Is not this the pre-of which some of them are notand the public need not be stirprised if revolutionary proceedings should be adopteu to prevent the formal declaration of Mr. Liucolk's election. The resolu- tion offered in the Georgia Legislature, instructing her representatives in Congress to resist the counting of the votes of nine States alleged to have nullified theVanUpon the rendition of the verdict. Coroner GaffneyJclia Kenhedy was committed to tail as aAilhoughThe witness.sent podtion of the Herald J I thinii sodiscontinue taking the paper for that reason. If the thousands in this City who believe as I do would do the same thing we should have no more panic articles to frighten timid people.of the Electoral Col-EX-SUBSCRIBER TO THE HERALD.NEWSPAPER INDICATIONS.MANIFESTO FROM SENATOR DOUGLAS. «VQBT IB£ SOUTH TO aiCEOE ON ACCOUNT OFThe leaders wereas desperate then as now, andscrofulous taint, are healed positivelyWJiCOlH'S JISCTIOS ?fAtT«rttfemeol.]Herbiko'S Patent Champion Pire-Proof Ss fes., citizens of New-Orleans «Bi the 13th inst. addressed a note to Senator Douglas*'A number otprominentthe Board adjourned.THE SEASON AT QUARANTINE.Citj- Hall,New-York.MarketsObweoo, Monday, Nov. 19—6 P. M.then Tor this and experienced.GssTLUUirof New-Orleans, "on the prfescnt condition of the affairs of our country," has just been in:warders this morning; ;:;placed my hands. An Invitation so numerously signed by the most eminent business men of this great commercialwere shipments,Itic. onWheattohave been made at 15c. a Bonaire;fivenside, (SlssgowLucy Francis, brigs Wappoo,a compliment which I duly and am exceedingly reluctant to decline.bushels M.Care Sick!city impliesappreciate,rushmadlyintoviolentandextrememeasures. Just in proportion as our common country is environed with peril, it t>ecomes the imperative duty of ever>' patriotinthelandtoincreasehisefforts andexerthis utmost powers and energies to rescue the Republic from the disasters which threaten its integrity.No man in America regrets the election of Mr. Liii-bushels000 Rye, 19,;Representatives when the voteslege were to be counted. That conspiracyother place of deposit, as the Times said, the fundswere. iir. Platt must the subpoena or else they obeywould have an attachment issued against him. The Coinmillee adjourned to 3 P. M. to-day.BOARD OF CANVASSERS.Nothing of interest transpired in the Board yester-maU the Pox,and I shallcertain who has the money—goingin what institution, orfor the of purposeProf. DoREuns.learningthe result of theanalysis-Pill for reUef of aad.- Headache,asking him to deliver a speech in that city present condition of the afiairs of our country."country her numerous robtjferies from the Government, and then called Upon the South now to demand redress and ilntll these wTongs were atoned for, he denounced the cry of Union as treason to the South. He asked with great earnestness if Georgia would again submit, and in an impressive manner begged God to relieve him from that degradation. His defence was now his These are not the times for patriotic men to affect strong arm, and if Georgia said he shouldn't take up indifference, or to degenerate into despondency, ur to his sword, he intended to do it anyhow. This was re-by Telegraph. Flourdulland25e.lower. Wheatveryinvitation elicited the following replySouthand fromtherecordsofthe exposeddull and Milwaukee Club at Fifty-one vessels arrived at this port during the $1 and 1,200 Dushels No. 2 Chicago Spring at 97c.Nov.19—.\rr.Your request to address the citizenslower ;sales 3,300 bushels1:Whitney, Kensington. barks David Cephas Starret, do.; Lauraon the The:aad ts Bse as oseasiea rsqaires.ooLXmorethanIdononemademorestrenuousex- ofthosewhoweresittingdownroseandtl^rewtheir ;ertions to defeat him none differ with hlni more radi- hats in the air, and shout after shout m:idp the welkin ;attacks of Nsttt-and if taken at of an attack immediate relief from-cally and irreconcileably upon all the great issues in-volvedinthecontest. Noman isliving preparedring.The Charleston papers publish the following dis-81,000 bushels Corn, 7,000 bu.shtls Oats.CixciN.NATi, Monday, Nov. 19.pool, is on fire. The J. M. W. was built at Saco. Me., in 1853. was 1,146 tons reKister, rates A 1^, and owned by D. Choate ft Co., of Portland, valued at $33,000,By the use of these Pills the periodicto the Constitution and laws of our country, the aggressive policy vtMchlie and ULs party are understood to repre-in Cuba, and one case of yellow fever from Charles- ton, S. C. This patient dietl just prior to the arrivalor Sir* Hendache may be prevent*! Recommencement;resist, by all the legitimate means sanctionedbywhich was addressed to Hon. L. M. Keiitsenu But while 1 siy this, Icitizen and law-abiding man, to declare my conscien-and 04 for White. Corn slow of sale, bul $1the, Nausea and Baad- which females are so sahiectnous conviction that the merebut show no packers buy sparinglyand 25. Mess Porkthe the Presidency byture that I will not serve underLracom. IfyouThey act gently upon nfSS.Forthebowels,—reasovingCoAfnw-ambound, as a goodpiicos unaltered. Whiskt dull at 16c. Ho<:fi dull ; holdersfurther The W. C. was built at BelfRfit, particulars.Me., in 1P54, rates A 1J4, and owned by H. B. Johnsuu and others, of Boston.They ache tosoWomfail inIremovingeluclion of any man to American people, in accord-to -$6 10a$0press sales,self (urnish any just cause or reasonable grouin-du for pects here.Spoken* &c. Felicia—ship, from New-Orleans for Havre,Kov. 3,dissolving the Federal Union.ACoidie and slave ships haveI«<er<tryV»i,S(udeaU,'DslicateIt IS notprovision of the Constitution has been, ,.for I.ivi-rpooi,citizen,nJ?i.^ «^,!°'"1''l^'"''''>'.S'SHP'^ire n^i'jalexsothmghasyet occurred to release anv citi-inadequate and inefficient at preserjt no Quarantinehulk known as theforply and lower and difficult of saleandof tiiswhole system.UlUted States, which is thehereto-day.;15,000investi- gatlon and oarefolly conducted experiments, havtairand of citizen, llul while it everyis conceded that im;At St. Martins, Oct. 23.amofpretended, so far as 1act has been done which impairs.\LBAXT, Monday, Nov. 19—6 P. M.personssedentary kabitt. theyInformed,thatanvon the 14th, says;Quarantinestate that allcharacter, in orders. No sales of Wheat. Corn dull^^'^ ConstituUon supremr laxt, of every stateJudge At a meeting whicli has just been held Gov. Bkown made a gloriousabsolutely the old whichbFemales and all are valuable as a Lajtm- the tone aad toof thebush, ; f.5c.'0>C7c. for State Four-rowed, and 623^c. for mixedFareiKnNorth and South. m o»osltleBto«»M«H«^^«3,'»CITY AND COUNTY AFFAIRS. BOARD OF ALDERMEN.(he shaft, tait no evidence was givaa to connect the Steady at aec.«:2c. Stadtag KMlHlBe at par to MmVEMEST,1tevc»«br«aholdeftheirsuccess,intheright,get h»therepealoftheeiistogtowi'*?''"^?j£'^^}^i TheBoardofAldermenmetlastevening. Afterthe HudsonCounty,CoLGrbmbtconuaaader,paraded «Bddecliningflc.aZc.;Red,«I25afl27. CoRJidull nSpsawldhbiegc^omgirneagtp^oepsudlaaerhl.MjKee-Soaenymd have^eenaoq«»eedta»yr^8ontt-two occurrences. It Is the gemral imsresslan that V cent, premium. SightLAaairAaiav>4h^. i. .Jwell as hythtteempeoide 8«M«aBj«if Remjea-C«acoRA« fell down Ute shaft while la a stall af iB- cent,Exchanl^Ifleorperate them Into ear owniHtiwsTundertheistoxication.tions5 the Federal^wMent OoMequ^5S«; slpdfylngand insUtutions entirely safe under desire to be let and tawe «s they now stand, and onlyalone, without anv interference by Congress witn tlielr domestic concerns, the question arises wnetner Mr. LisfMO and his party wiU have tl« po"*''' ""th"eif they have the disposition, to diSsotuutrho, oertIhmepraiIrn the ind institutfons of thecannot do it under the expavetrapBelgian pavement the Fourth-ave-rights or in ""elJistrictol Co- Stt.es or the Territories,recommended its removal to{Xgtews. %mxheyl^ye »eu ^,P<-o't,he^r"s^Tl?it<listt°U the<will be iA a/>f ConffTfss with the Supremeon the table a vote of 18 to bytesUfiedthatheresidesatNo.22 City,JVHiABACHX Isthehivoritesign \rwUsh aattisumakes known aar devlatten whatever &i>m aahi .lbsralsute of the brain, and viewed in this lUU itmay b«tl^ *^nS him States been there^have ele.^dthe Committee's 11 to 4.;accoiqpany ferryInaS-ea^y a sXcient nuumber of DemocraUe memberspast two montlisWwoeudlndesday and Suhenrdatoy theevenings, and Mr. AbwmNov. 18.e5e at least twenty majority againstMr. Lmcour andamount was engine. adopted.A communication wasthewas recalled:He said the muscles of deceased struckMunATvaa AuiABAO—lan «AT.nis party on all these quesdMB.*>>^ stoaueh eonshhittna tiet kimdmeie, af hsiiallsdisaotMEW-YOKKMrs. aadpinstislingatonactbsmentalis alK> K decided bill can passofvented from Committee onThe Committee onfavor of appropriating $500 for a fuU-lengthporttaitof knew of no cause exoept stryclmAie which would_..,_ ,.(HISBAY.disturbingcondition of the country, that, under the ad- ministration of Mr. LmcoLK, any act can be perpe- trated that would destroy or impair the Constitutionalcelebrate Evacution-day. Referred.presentde-was read from of Steamer Bristol, Allen, PbiladelDhia, with mdse. toSouthern a but would arouse and consoli- people unit,porcelain deponent proceededmdse. and 163 paseengers to L. E. Amsinck ft Co.Ship Ellen Anstin, Garrick, Liverpool Oct 21, withsystem by thtoan impregnable position.andanimatedbyone sentimentsolve to maintain and defend their rights and liberties as won by the blood of their fathers, and guaranteed by the Constitution of their cotmtry, they could safelyexpect the sympathy of the civlliied world, and the choicest blessings of Divine Providence, wliUe struggling for the right Under these circumstan-ship standing E., showing a red signal with a tpsck star incountry, and the best Government the sun of heavenBarkMystery, (of Boston.) Taylor, Rio Janeiro Sept.sored me inssnd more so that I ean•oontry,thetruthoughttobefullyfaced. TheNorthirill nake a &tal mistake if it calculates on theabandonment by the South of the secession movement. there may be, who look upon disunion and Southern day.thereto, met at 3 P. M., Alderman Brady presiding.found streaked of a dark brown color and surr^ndedthatslnular brown streaks werefound near the pylorus, but much smaller; that at this Peter V. King ft Co.ever shed his genial rays upon. To those, if any suchandeverything relatingyester-with coflee, to master. 27, ftc,tion of Mr. LiacL!) may furnish a pretext for precipi- those who regard the Union under the Constitution asIt was as followsChaxbeklain's OrncE,\ N«w-YoRX, Nov. 19, 1860. {;deponent further says, that theourfathers madeCo.Jeantin, Schwelsberger, London 49 ds.;that the Constitu- tained forever, is the ardent hope and fervent prayerhaving.Schr.MaryStedman, Goodale. St Marys, Ga., 8ds.,North Arnertcan writes:strychnine. aboutanhour,theyrenderedthefollowingverdict'tions from all the Southern States will be fully repre- sented, as usual. They intend to make it a stirring session, and the Secessionists entertain the hope ofIt may be assumed confidentlythat thedelega-—raising suchan issue as will consolidate the SouthAbsom."iscapable,Horn,with each in order to secure the ulti- other,Enoch James Mellett andno excessJohnMr. .\Bsoiirest) to the County Jail, to await the action of the Grand Jury, which meets in January next.of theator Toombs, on the 14thport.justby Hoiloway's Pills and Ointment. The Pills thoroughly ciean-se the blood and and the Ointment heals thecreated the most uproarious demonstration;numbersTo HoK. L. M. ICeitt:correspondent<u from demmd-ofFiODB verydull anddeclinfaiE. Wheat•hlcfilsfrom thseiaek," remedcy,onnSlo? ifS?' w?readingto the tvl o«miiSd to tafer that the Southern people rwuire A resolutioo to empower the Harlem Railroad CloseGregory Ouaid, 2lXc.a22c.advocated any ^Ksinthe existing legtalaUon upon tke Slavtehrayt quesSon nnder the present AdminlstraUoit andSell-of Mr PiXKCX, when the AboUtionlsts and Freeers were la the mtaority In both Houses of Congress. Assuming, therefore, that thje Southern ceople aiiuownMontgomery Guard, Capt TonaaiiTIndepen-Market depressed.;CoTTOH ;naiket is flat.FUladcIpUm Weekly Bank Statement. Piin.inn.PBiA, Monday, Nov. 19.and reliable m^orlty. Hence noSuperior Court, compiaiuing that in consequence inadequate accommodations two Judges were pre-1aIBB WATKB—either House of Congress, impairing orthe Instep suchsymptomsdonotoc-Mliaiis•thar disorders of the bowels, as well as rsau aad ntar- Ineaffsetlons. DiseasssortfaebeartareveryCreqaantlT' sttended wift Headachss. Inaimis aMaflsetiaBs aitteh fkeqnantlp aeeasiaB hnsdasha Wo-di*-the or Institutions of the Southernholding Court. It was referred to the Repalrsand Supplies.rightsin any manner whatever, unlets a portitu ofpeople,the Southern Senators and Mepresentatives absent tkem-Arts and Sciences•Kportedin; curusuallywithoutsomepoweitulcausein fact, heptsOotaaieals*their absence.In a minorisy in both Houses of Congress, with theap-no —guence nfSupreme Court to expound the laws and restrain all;other poison would produce those symptoms Absom could not have died from any ordinary cause...Cleared. '»'••'somingonsaddealyinaslateofaprand unconstltntion«l.acts, the President will be;aiss, and in other instances it comes en swwu, ixin »^"'«•""• bydepraisionofspiritsoracerbttyoftsmssr. Infor the connrmation of his nominees to*'"•• "•Alderman Tnouv thought the gentleman (Alderman Mary Ann Moore testified that about six weeks ago, ..P^*.' •• Morton, Bulkley, Savaimah, D. C. Marray.ATninSiria.byson ? Does this act furnish sufficient cause for des- troying the best Government of which the history ofthere was no trutn in ttus statement At 2 o'clock Prof. Dpeehus arrived and deposed asv*y^,*~'"'"' wants you to send her a hex sf Da- Sloop H.L. rtaUo aFour years will soonpass away, when the ballot box will furnish a peace- lobby,followsm<«m^ atthe world gives an example ?:with theBlek Hewlaebe, and wa"n"•u<s»o"m«e EnSetsameasrelaivedherbeforeoffice,SIH-.fBSm.u1n?'a^rC.o^.classef Headachetha. *l*eJHEeivfl,n""g?tlh"e'most acute pains In a few minntes. aad frith her own people Imitedsemi-fiuid material, mixed tliat this substance had a very markedit ae- neglect to get a hex s(excuse discussed all the qnestians at Issue freelymvaddms^sto the people duriagceive and out payof with Hatteras,ion, presents no just cause, no reasonable disunion.forCity moneysweekly re-low patches, like the orpimeat loekiag stain on theheavy northerly gales.Brig Independence, (Br.,) MeAlmon, Doreliesfer, N.B.. 5 with stone to master. ds.,Bavlag »ai.tUtiarmUiythe d'tpresentedspots of inflammation.generally 8er>kisL the canvass,'1 iiave taken nrrasian to-ccnr=' fer in this matter, respectfiilly refer the gentlemen of the Committee to the Comptroller, who, a* head of thea Deponenthealthyappearance,withonlyoccasionsSTigBunr to C. ft E. J. Peters.ads his Glue a household word, be now pro oses to darecent otjactsperceive thafa&ypaorRiTnrBrig Sea Lion, Watts, Trinidad 23 ds., with sagar toS.Geo. Stephenson.Brig Martha Post, Robinson, Laguna 29 ds., with log- wood to Howland ft AspinwalLBrig Oris Adams, York, Calais 8 ds., with lumber to Jed Feye.pthe world still greater service by enriag aH the sAi^I do netcan be advanced by any fortlier public discus-the re- unfalteringwasedly made and carried by a vote of 12 to 11.with mucousBark Harriet A.Stephenson, Simms, New-Orleans20cqunsels may prevail,Chamberiain.;upon from was, how-a performedofwas doubtless by Mr. suggestedgirlSlaveTaombs, and is only a part of the programme con- cocted by the Disunionists in Congress, in the expect- ed contingency of Mr. Fremont's election, namely—to withdraw tlie South from the hbll of the House ofthe Committee to-day atP. M.Fugitivelaw^3Alderman Platt asked what the Committee wasand the in it parties engagedof which is a sare specific, whose benefits win be ex- psrienced by suffering hnnaaity long after tbek dissor- erers are forgottea.Sid you ever have the siek headaehsT De yen re- member the throbbing temples, the fevered brow, ths loathing and disgust at the lignt »f food How totally nnfit you were for pisasnrs, conversation or study. Ona- •r (he Cephalic Pius woald have relieved ypa from aDliberately planned here,entered into an agreement, as they did at the last ses- sion, to resist Mr. Shibmas's election as Speaker.rA0nru«esicBbJScald head, sore head, and other disorders of aregarded the possible loss of power and patronagewith resentment. There was no ' iriepres5ibledelivered at MUledgeviUe, by Sen-Hie suffering whieh yoaether purposes yon should always have a box at them onceived with great enthusiasm.He said he had served Georgia in Congress for fif-teen years, and thanlied its legislators for thus honor- ing hJMi, but the honor, he said, had been conferred asmore;long as he would have it ;his resignation would take ertect. This aiiiiouiiceineutthat un the 4tho/ March nextthis morriiDg from Portland, reports passing, on Sundayby Maooh, Wednesday, Nov. 14, 186U,I will sustain South Caro- lina in secession. I have announced to the Legisla-patch,Senator ToombsFlour dull and accurate quotations cannot begiven. Wheat dull iind declined 5c., at 95c. for Red returned to the atxive port on the 19th inst., on fire no pain:of tlie vessel, and the island.was buried on Staten-ShipWildCat,fromNew-Orleans,bound to Boston, ;and ticknesswill b. obtained.was de-byOephalletbe use of (Jninlne tor the prevention of Fevers, atharTheance with the Constitution and laws, iioes not of it- the power to act, act at once. We have bright pros- Ward's Island, llegular trailers to Havana have gen- dull at $16. Money market quiet and bankers cau-haveof the LocorMtive, writing fromdisposition atact has yet been done which impairs the rights or en- speei^h. lie is for secessiou, and war, if necessary." ought to be wholly devoted to yellow f^ver patients State. \Vhibky, lower; sales 210 bbls. at 19!4c. ;have prevented and relieved a vast amount of pain and snfdangers toe peace and safety of any porlion of our country. It is apprehended mat the election of Mr. l.i.v-Judge GoLDTuwAiT, said to be one of the ablest jurists ii, Gcor|;ia, has declarrd in favor of immediateand that if there should be ciises of cholera or other dangerous di^eascs. there would be no provision forthebeen in use which time tbey many years, duringcoiii carries with it the assurance that thewhatever. TheBaltiuobe. Monday, Nov. 19. Flour heavy and declined 12}c.; all kinds offer- ed at :f 5, but no buyers. Wheat has a ten-! 103 CoRx dull and declined 5c.; yellow, tJSc; white, to arrive. OSc. Provisionspolicy aiid elected will practical effect in every aepartment of the Federal Government, and thereby teUi endanger the peace and safety of the SlavehoUI- States. Is this apprehension well founded ? Du the resnHs of the recent election justify this appre-HeMis- form a Southern Con-Commissioners of^ Emigrationfrom Headache, whether originating in the ner-principlespcevaU,of the party which he was bybelieves that Georgia, .\labama, simultaneously,furniture and otherto be Hospital prop-decliningLATE FOR CLA8SIFICAT101I."Xm ASSISTANT iloTTsEKEBPBK.—A They are entirely vegetabletheTerritories,or to Uie District of Columbia.CoiTON—Sales ui-dav. 2,2^0 ,baies ;market toaAll orders should BE.VBYand be carried intoTOOor from a deranged state of the ttomach.iBgJkensianT The President can do nothing except sage of liov, BaowN atby the action ofwiut the law authorizes. His duty is to see the laws ihat the State is notitWthAlIIy executed. If he fails to perform this duty, ke wiU seen find himself a prisoner before the high «oiiit of Impeachment Fortunately, that tribunal is so constitnted as to command the confidence of the pemle <tf the eoilie South, as well as of the conserva- Sremen of the Nrath. We have this security, that the existing laws will be faithfvilly executed. I have vet to learn that the people of the South complain of me acts of Congress now on tlie statute-book, upon the snbject of Slavery, as applicable to Uie States orthe step until two years from the 4thployedcontemplates should be performed by one.quiet-'caSc. lower Western ClubNorth 72c. for No. 2, iu sales lO.non bushels at 30c., inYOtTNG MAN OPThese laws were enacted, mainly, if not entirely, by nf'","r''p nySr^''"''"-'"•" parte'nplc genileman, J3tb-»t,C.the J1JU.I action of the eoceerTatlve meiBBtrs of theMfuHnp.eidf.T>h1e'"^''^l''"'-i-- •^^•^enrirelycon-took placeat the Tniinel onrbe nisht previuusto tiiatirregular to Eive tne uiflaiiciis.Molassesnear in a 6th-ay.,secession.sis.sippi, Louisiana, Texas, Florida and Arkansas will(sringunite, -secedefederation, and thus secure;at home and Thecredit abroad.but iirevented the dull; prime Pork, 419 50. Coffee quiet WuisKydull A.v"iiniroflor the ernment.;quiet; something medicine business.BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITSstrengthAugusta Vuiisiuuiioaaltst discusses theAiDPricHu woman wishes a situation in a smallas .lesistimtno objection to a short distauce fromI>ostponement of thesales.,!a^ldresa. civil, obligiogand not lAu"us'ptoVouOdndreNrs<t?anMdAN.-WANToEfDt,heA afraidtoworklength, pronouncesreaily for secession, and urges;Chicago, Monday, bushels at 76c. torto administerJlarchRepublicans t.) get entire control of the Gov-HenryC. P^,_ u^iirinMof No. ;;5Hi-hangeonnominallynext,beforewhich time it will be Impossible-tore. CornAppl.v before 10 A. M.. at CORCORANFiUE IN A Stable.—packages con- liberally rewarded to TIFFANY ft CO., No. 653 Broad-<.n rjec°eip"t^"^^^T" PRICE, 25 CENTS.A frame stable in the rear Eli/abctii -treel, owned by Mrs. Dcif and occupied by several oartie--, was set on fire about 6at thetainingby returning way.The finder will beA Box wlU be «.nt by mad.';-grei.-:i;el-i .;"""'"=•" careU-snc-ss on llu--a«c.. sc, to let to aSPAIJ)LVG,jja, 16 Cedat-»t., HtW-IW**and confidencein their oompoeilion,Mes-ind plain f'*niilvdisa- tkem to chil-,BAaar, referred to the -V resolution asking permission to extend the mamB.„rt "S^'lJ**'' ""* ?« "n""*: »" hy Dodwobth's fn^ .V. _^""* .'^ formed in Washington-street,CoTTOB— from 10c. to 13;ic.market generally upnrcihcaensgerda.nging AuousTA, Saturday, Nov. 17.Committee on Streets.pipes through Fifth-avenue,wasalso referred.'ASDLT RKAUZIS.ornue, from Seventeenth to Thirty-second-streetThe Committee on Arts andfavor of Scienoes reported lapurchasing for $2,000 the brown-stone statue Washainndgton that now stands in front of the CityhaiwS. ard," says 'e. " Beiceedingly," says hi, hand opoa Oiat'e gave me a Cephalic Hh, hand •ponIs"saedo'naodr tt-ofHall,square. statuegaverisetosomehusband, was resumed yes- Jury,fDoelclroewaisneg in Loans Decrease in Deposits. Decresie In Circulation Increase in Specie$588,000 421,000 100,000 104,000a steam fire Apurchaseweek.proprieU of inaugurating the ^stem of introducing Clilef-engi-opiniontbte slass also be aaamd maythe Committee. It did notinfer that the portrait was to be hung up in the Gov-of hotwitness dianli it, and in half an hour afterward waspresented byneeessartlyElizabeth, broughtglassbrandy punch;s Sons: Balear, Tillattl, Tunpico. King t De Yene Hachias, Shopsey, Trinidsd de Cuba, Thomjaon kadopted by adjourned.BOARD -OFBEMONSTBANCE rKOK THE BUFBEME COUBT.;vote of 10 to 5.The Board thenSchooners Ann, Cole, Peterabnrgh, Isaac Cole ;There was a full attendanceCouncilmen last«vening, both on the floor and in theRackett.Glue-no, bottle ofwhich the Committee was tohad been takenbut a of his partAlderman Boole said that he should judge from this note, that the Chamberlain declined to appear beforeand that he intimated that he v^as accountable only to the Comptroller, to whom he re-ferred them.AldermanBrady Yes,Sir.Alderman Boole moved that the proper means betaken to the gentleman before the Committee. bringAlderman Platt called attention to the fact that Mr. Platt said he had taken counsel of the Counsel to theCorporation..\lderman Boolj. said that was so stated, and thebeen in that conditfon six weeks.Schr. H. B. Squires, Squires, Cardenas 15 ds., with asphaltum to Moses Taylor ft Co. Has experienced heavy--theCommittee,dbtaia speedy relief from these distressing attacks onehave consulted the Counsellortbey in the Common Council though they had a right to be a very ignorant set, knew enough te execute the authority vested in them and compel necessary wit-nesses to come before the Committee.The motion was carried unanimously, and Alder-man Beady requested Mr. Meyers, the Clerk, to serve a subpoena on Mr. Platt directing liim to appear beforegentleman might;butAhllmur,Lillis,Wm. Bloy. J.going to do.Alderman Brady said it was to endeavor to as-A large number of persons, including a number of medical gentlemen, were present yesterday afternoon,•hat DnooviBV.—-Amongsidered the system of vasdnatian for protection fromequalconflict,' or John Brown affair' then, but still they day. The Twentieth and Twenty-first Wards were external eruptions.which would have been made to serve the same end."GEORGIA.We find in the Atlanta Locomotiae the following re-speechHe arraigned the North for Hi aggressions upon lUScanvassed, and no material errors discovered. Theconsideration of Dennis McCabe's protest against thereturns of the First District of the Nineteenth Wardwas postponed till 12 o'clock lo-day^ to which time No. 251 Broadway, corner of Murray-street oppositehad otherpretextsThe Sickness and Mortality. quarantine season recently closed which had cases ofBOSTON, frhmSavannahJosephcasts were cases of small-pox andA few fever were sent toact,althoughfever on board, either on the voyage home orasking137,400 bushels Wheat, 14,790 Mobile;Chas. Heddee, Charleston;uponthe Board ofKping''***LSl''S^.''i».i'"'- Teseeshe'sRio Janeiro, Bahia, Pernambuco,Whiskysteady;morning, at 11 o'clock, the steamshipSouthCarolina,nearly-.illtype.bodyol mild typhusby the par-Glasgowthe lattertisans of the different law Courts, accommoda-tions were supposed to be in danger from the contem- place, New-York that he is Professor ofplated change SuperiorassignedSteamship James Adaer, PhilUps. Charleston, with tal;thatonSundayafternoon,Nov.11,1H60,he mdse.anAdndparseswengerstospofford,TilestonftCo.jectreached,unexpect-;of t£ft tkeirtimely expel niiiiisiitf af osease, and destroy tbit dangsronsfoe to hiimaa ».aMrt of AUighty power can save the Union. If any- only waiting for the opportunity to accomplish that Chamberlain, had been notified to be present, but he tint were observed the brown portions sbowed signs Moses Taylor ft Co.Ifalng human can, it wiU be the absence of all irritat-lag eondoet on the pant of our Northern brethren, aniaprompt modification of their offensive legislation. tating the Southern States into revoiuUan. But tothe remainder of the stomach presentedDodge, (of Blnehlll,) Lawes, Apalachi-,~which had been previously resolved upon the elec-Bark R,Bark Sophia Elisabeth, (Dutch,) Vanderhoei; Newca«.would read.-in the rooms Courtto the use of theagainst parties who complied with the law prior to thela.st.was received from the Veterans ofthat Dr. J. E. Quidor, who accompanied Coroner Gafihey, gave de-mdse. and passengers to H. B. Cromwell & Co.Steatmoer Ann Kliza, Robinson, Philadelphia, with habits, it is regarded as a slight disorder ef too UMbadoption of the resolution of the 10th of"MayAponent an accountmdse. Loper ft Kirkpatrick.A remonstrance;Codrt and ofport in favor of the ctianges, but just before the sub-SuperiorSessions,Ship Atlantic. Wllliams, New-Orleans 19 ds„ with cot- ton to Wm. T. Frostder should receive immediate atteation whenevera motion to was adjourn•ars,Osphallc puis on the first— ;O. W.cola, 16 ds.. with cotton, ftc, to mast^.dirsstifaad itea U«*naf.was not here, and had sent a note which the Clerkof softeninga healthy appearanceintestines (which consisted of the small and a portion tieof the large intestines) contained but about two oimcesby measure of a greenish mucous like matter and a yellowish fcecal and pasty substance, having no odor BarkD. T. Valentine, Esq., Clerk, *c.—Dear Sirton, ftc,toDemill ftoffer freelyR. TOOMBS. erally escaped the yellow fever, while casual visitors, tious. Sight Exchange on New-York at ^ ^ cent,premium.recentelecUun.No violatedinthe"TheUnionfeelingseemstobequitefeebleatthisareofatemporary andcaseofFlourdullandsalableatretailandEasternNov.1.offCape*'lorida. f,orG„L,is.ir,o„w_.„e.itwe,improvingappetite,giving rigor.-Milledgevillethe present arrangementsthrows his great intellect and influence on that side, he willsales 4.500 Oats dull, but Barley in sup-Richard Alsop—ship,changed siKnals with, Nov. 14. lattime, but we fear that if Hon. A. H. Stephens;42 la. '""- '^ -^• Ports.the digsstivs 'organs, and restoring tlie natural elas-give it Lintonmore vitality Stephens arrived;largeand strength.Heandthat there is Hospital excepting floating Hospital Falcon,steadyat 355ic.Stite, afloat.ticitystrengthThe officials atan unusually sickly season would be wholly bush. Western mixed at afloat. (Jtic.,themhave caused allerty at QuarantineDr. Jerome, Physician of the .Marinepointment of State authority, remains at his post onsuffered.lat.M41,lon. 79.Golden Eagle—ship, from New-Orleans,^„,removed to Ward's Island. Hospitil by ap-large white. $1 203*1 30.systemStalen Island,Commissioners of Quarantine from exercising thehousekeeper; satisfactory the City. Can be seen at No. 131 6th-av.',TBI AMUMtmtitmm «rTHEMr to preseme that the_Soath,-so CITT. inpres^«<»<U»«*^,^ff^?'!:BROWN-aiONC STATUE OF VTASHIliaroN lO BE PUBCHASES BT THKthu th/SS^ rwSS,.war, "jd OnSalk^iS become .as cobubsb as Becttotjpe and MSr^iS wksse distinction as loTMijp words hu bee^^";??; Guard, Capt Liunmui,; CoiTOK—Sales to-day, 1,300 bales, prices ranging by waamon usage onlfl they ieem "native ant u iSITHEVerdict acainat Mr. AbsMs far Marder.Bl 'sd'n 'erriWe 'eadaehe Uds hand 1The inquest on thewhose death isoidng at the hansdusppofoshedrterday forenoon, before Coroner GArnixr and atBull'sHeadHotel,inBergen.Our Bank Statement for the past week shows the ;Nicholas Goedertrejection of a resolutioa to lay the whole subject Canal-street, Jersey the same house where Julia The money market to-day Is easier.„$2J(i1.0°f?o*r a new carriage.Some discussion arose on theappropriationStocksprevleus to Julia's RIselaadnidng Railroad, Uii; Merris Canal, 55; Long lested. Eeadaafass may be slsmrd aader two-aameavis.: SympotomaUe and Idiopathic, "y—r*i—-fT Headacne is eaeeeangly common and is the ui asuisai of a great variety of dis sasss,' amoaa yrbA ai* Apoplexy; Sont, Bhwimartsm, aad aU Miile dtaaaaaa.muscle as if marked out with a pencilwas arched and the cords dravm up, ttie heel elevatedout ataken very sick, vomiting and purging, with severewitness was unwell for three days, all the while very thirsty and her lips parched up.Brigs Clyde, 8t Johns, N. P. I. Nevlus*mt is theother man, butJenny. Bishop, Taunton,that'snot Prepared Pills.^JS. just It, BaitherrbSp22ISV?Tlb5"Chemistrym the New-York Medical College, New-York Col-Savannah, with mdee. and passengers to H. B. Cromwell ft Co.Quidor that the juryhexpheacstedreportinvestigationwith naval stores to C. E. Dibble ft Co. Nov. lat. 33 16,25, Ion. 74 40, spoke a brig, tmderstood from Lisbon for New-York,withloas ofmainmastforetopmastandjib.wasunderjurymasts,idsnted no re- assistance,;;A resolution was adopted directing the Corporation-Attomey to report to the Board, at its next meeting, alist of all suits commenced by him for alleged viola- portion of the intestines, with their contents, of the miles from New-York, ontne 13th dav out. Had south-tion of ordinances since the 2l8t of late Mrs. Jane Absom, wife of Wm. Absom, of Com- erly and easterly wind^B the Banks, since then west-thislabord,ayh,e hasdence to warralnrteahdiym to conclude that the deceased died from the effects of poison.(Signed,) R. OGDEN DOREMUS.of Urs. Jahehave *een caused by pois-tboodyAbsom,was and testified that recalled,;ofof the remains of Mrs. Absom, which he had made to J. ft N. Briggs.by the order and in the presence of the Coronerthe Judges the ponent further testifies that he placed the aforemen- Loper ft Kirkpatrick.Supreme Court against the resolution presented at tioned jar and its contents under lock and seal that Ship John Fyfe, Pember, Glasgow, Oct 29, with mdse.of the or invade the reserved rights of the last meeting ot the Board, for the transfer of the evening, and on the following morning removed to Dunham ft fiimon. Was 19 ds. to Barneirat. Had fine are Headache, Colio, Rhenmatiam, Fool Brevb, PUsacitizen, and others of like natnrs, while a train of;but, if Iwinds the entire passage, preTalling winds from N. Ship W. F. Schmidt, Sears, Sunderland 44 ds., withcoal to C. Carow.Ship Dr. Barth. (Ham.,) Heyer, Hamburg 39 ds., withdiseases, such as longrooms now occupied by that^ourt and the Court of them to Ills chemical laboratory, which is used solelynightfcr Malignant Fevers, Abscesses, Dywta- lery, Diarrhma, Dyspepsia, Apeplexr, Xpilepsy, Par- alysis, Hysteria, Hypochondriasis, Melanehaly and Ia>to the Law Committee.Councilman Kane, Chairman of the Law Commit-tee, to whom was rererred the communication of theJudges of the Superior Court, together with the reso-lution assigning them the rooms now occupied by the and about 25 feet of intestines ligatedat their extreme; Ship Louisa, (new, 818^ tons,) Bowen, Boston 3 ds.was to re- preparedviding himself with new and carelully cleansed glassand vessels, to examinesanity, first indicate their in the presencejarthat the stomach contained at>out one and one-halffluid ounces of awould be characteristic of hydrocejanic (Prussic) acid, opium, chloroform, alcohol or other poison re.perienced weather the entire been 20 ds. heavy passage,K. of Hatterss, with heavy N. W. gales.Bark Uaraval, GrllBen, St Martins Oct 29, with salt;was repeatedly washed with distiiied water (thewashing being reserved for subsequent examination) and then carefully examined in a bright light ; that the vessels of the stomach viewed from the outer sur-to T. T. Dwight. Nov. 9, lat. 31 27, Ion. 74 saw a U,12th. with fruit to Josiah Jex. Has had light winds the men, appointed to investigate the sufficiency of the face seemed much engorged ; that internally near the entire passage.A REAL BLKSSTNG. fkyneias—WeU, Mrs. Jones, how is that hsailinkt Thavethemhandy.security given for the safe keeping and custody of the cardiac extremity and in the larger curvature of the Bark Princeton, (of New-Haven,) Seeley, Demerara City Deposits, the amount of interest paid thereon," stomach a paten of the size of a man's liand was Oct. 23, with old iron, ftc, to master.Jfrs. 7onei—*oneby a pinkish tinge;BarkExpress, Locdberg, Havana17ds., with sugar toP»»nc»nn—Yon can them at ' get any ffraggist's. Call;Yournote of the 16th inst., requesting me to attend a meet- to indicate the presence of any poison, but possessed Bark Reindeer, Leanfair, Orinoco 18 ds.. with hides.andmaketurns thereof to the Comptroller of the City, I would, in accordance with the opinion of the Counsel to the'*Finance Department," can give the fullest Informa- tion in regard to the City deposits.Yours respectfully, NATHANIELsold, Pif- Band eine,_uul_lt^is rstiniatel that ea^h bottle saves atCozvoration, with whomty*""*'PeteiB, HIggins, Nnrmaa-«»-ds...«Uh. Asm Jotal loss by this vaiiiabie~invaittoB.'"HairiW:mediatelywith the examination of one- toxicological«Ib*, Beadachss will sooa vanish in July.awayasgeod Eke saswaxtremlty. That the intestinesananregate of millions of doHais reelaimsS twentyr;further testifies that hecommencedim-beads with his Cet^ialie Pills, and ifas his theyare<half the contents of the stomach that he has ;but par-thelearned from Coroner Gaffney and Dr.;;esT. Island. 1 39 1 INTEIaLIGENCE.par to }< IIappropriatTSrifi^!_Baadj Book.l2 SO IMARINEoa New-York at premium. MarlwtTafy uasatfled. PaiLAsairau, Honday. Nov. 19.tendSBCT in ttta an torestive worads oif OotMhser lancgaaanmt. iInd"rfftaZi^r.T"?S?Sv*??f"REGmHiTAL Pabade.—Tke Secondyesterday afternoon. The regiment couists of the at etc.9»9c. CorrxE firm and quiet Wbibky dull at used ia a more gCLeral the wboSrldt°wJu Si»^Regimentdullft^S? SSS^**-Washington Guard, Capt. SMsaCaptHoTVEai GreenvUle CHAautno!!, Saturday, Nov. 17.ArrlTed. Steamship John Bell, (Br.,) Aird,^SST^^ndSteamship B. R. Crocker, Cuyler,:"BenS ^^M withcoaltoH.ftF.W. ds^AugustaProf. DoREucB stated that he had notthe analysis, but that he had discovered the presence Schr. Mobile, Howes, Mobile ds., cotton and ambition. Sufferers by tliis disorder canofThe case was given to tlie juVy, and after being out•I the Cephalic Pills whenever tbe by usingthe overtasked and symptoms appear. Itqaiets brain, soothes the stra^adfind that Jane Absom came to her death by poison administered to her by the hands of her hus-Schr. Horace. Buobee, Cedar Keys, Florida, with potatoes to Norcross ft Prince.committed(whowas under ar- temporaryPast woxts Kicownrs.—Spalding's Cephalic PIUs aia a sertain cure for Sick Headache, Bibouj Hesdasha, Nervous Headache, Oostiveness, and Seaeral Dvbittty.—Peter C.Westervelt,Foreman Hudson,RyerVan 8ds..withpotatoestoP.I.NeviusftBon.SignedBlarcom,Jones, William Meachen.;.secretions,No.Other grains quiet. Casal FRiiaaTS declining, for-steamhips Wm. Jenkins, Baltimoreyellowat ports from which they sailed. One hundrednineteen cases of sickness were reported in the portsof clearance, and deaths in port twenty-eight, besides O.its, 2.00 bushels Peas. Canal Exports 5,139 bbls. land, Liverpool.a large number of cases sent to hospital. Thei e were Flour, 97.200 bushels Wheat, 43,700 bushels Com, 13,800 NKW-OKLEANS, Nov. 19—Arr. ship Juliet, Balti-CEPHALIC PILLS,Headujie CEPHALIC PILLS,New-York,He. Lakebushels Barley, 3,200bushels Barley, 3,606 bushels Rye, 2,908 bushels Oats. eighty cases of sickness on the homeward passage, BoiFALO, Monday, Nov. 19—6 P. M.:;of which thirty-four died. Ten cases of yellow fever Flour, dull, but prices unchanged:no sales.jniscellaneons.•Capt. Ram.-ay, of steamship Xbomas Swan, arrivedandProteus,P. Rich.Darien. Ga.Page,SavannahbutImports—Cienfuegoswere sent to the floating hospital, all of whom are re- ported toiliave recovered except one. The infected[portswereprincipallyPara,Aspinwall,CA-acoa,BuenAjTes(asmallIsland LakeImports—\0,mi) bbls.Flour,317,000bushels Atelegraphicdispatch,receivedinthisCity,dated in the Caribbean Sea,) Belize, San Juan, and Ponce, Wheat, 59,000 bushels Corn, 5,0(0 bushels Barley. r,i- New-Orleans, Nov. 19, ptates that the American ship P. R.; Havana, Matunzas, and one or two small ports nal Exports—4.000 bbls. Flour, 169,000 bushels Wheat, John M. Wood, withacargoof cotton, bound to Liver-CoEN in fair demand^ sales 2:1.000 bushels at 47c. (3.000 bushels at45J^c. Other grains dull and no sales.fully completedweather the entire passage;been 10 ds. N. of Hatteras.23 with oomplalntHorn,—:Schr.Loyal Scranton, lAwdon,ds.,and nerves, and relaxes the taasion of jarringthe;sales 100 bbls. at 16c. Oaxal Fbeiobts—18c.onWheat,16c.onCorntoNew-York. iromBostonforCharleston,ashoreonHedgeFence.at 70c. for CanadaWest, afloatschr.longilency— 10(-.ai2c. lowersales of red ateoatmay be taken at all Umes with perfect safety$1 25;and withoatat 20isc.and paid for performing duties which the law Flocb and 10c. lower. Wheat amiof diet and tite absence ofanyits opinion functions of his oflice thus two are em- physiciansNov. 19. quietNew-Jerxcy.—TheinquestonthebodyofPatrick bushelsWheat24,000bushelsCom..sii'pi«-ii'-—3TMftThe genuine on the Box.SoldLn<ji li-T.CoRcoRAH,caused by (oul playtinued yesterday before Coroner -Vckerjaan, at Hudson City. Tiie evidence of several persons was taken, but notJiing definite was elicited. It appears that a fifcrhtl.bls. Flour, 41.n«0 bushels Wheal. fi.lKiO bushels Corn. Freights dull at 12c. on Wheat to Butfalo. ^^*'ht tx-IIiwhose death wasbeen con-supposed to have Bergen Tuimel, was8th-8t., near Sth.av., several smallby Druggistsand25c. a).i,c.is at,uut $110 <m>a''ired. ou wl-ich ll>e iii/ired^uian was .'ui.nd a: the Do:lum cl liOCi UuU al iiglii 37isC. fcr M:ptlljie. toS.'i •tl JJljr at N». Win"' 13th.st., private family. Kefereucea exchanged,£MUntitled DocumentNe>«.-York Banks are not selling.74c. 2f6o,r000No. 1 ;.;sales72c. for car lots do.The CEPHALIC PILLS are the of resultstore. Oats 3.800 bbls. Flo.ir, l.Wii medicine -store. No. 118 Bowery, quiet Kccei/itj—at 5 f'. i-ent. premium. Niw-ORLFArs. Monday. Nov. 19.Jewelityh.emF^'K^JPHBD ROOM, WITH OA««, BATH,preP^dbe aJdrassed to _navalstorestomaster. Was9ds.N.ofHatteras,with heavy S. S. £. to S. W. gales, split sails, shifted and stove cargo.alwaysCharleston 6 cotton and rice to HcCready, Mott ft Co.with ds., Schr. Ocean Wave, (Br.,) Fiewelling, St. John, N. B.,22Schr. Annie Bell. Crockett, Philadelphia 4 ds., with fiour to J. H. Fiske ft Co.Schr. T. B. Johnson, Floyd, Philadelphia with coal for Roxbprv. /Schr. A. J. De Rosset, Tucker, Wilmington, N. C, witli naval stores to Jonas Smith.Schr. Thos, Jefferson, Chase, Salem, 4 ds., if ith mdse. toF. W. Ropes ft Co.Schr. Phoenix, Hamilton, EUiabethport with coal for Salem.Schr. Ira Bliss, Henry, Virginia 3 ds.. with wood.Schr. W. B. Hussey, Baker, Gardner 4 ds.. lumber.Schr. Smith, Fredericksburgh, with floar. Mary,Schr. Enoch Pratt. Sherman, NBeewl-fBaesdtf6ord, lInumbbaellra.st. Schr. Nathan Clifford, Shnte, ds.,lorSchr. David Cox, Cornish, Boston, Albany.Schr. Sherman, Providence. George Washington,Schr. Madagascar, Smith. Ellsworth, 6 ds., lumber.6Schr. Leader Jones, St. George, Me., ds., lumber.Schr. Cox, Machias 7 ds.. with laths. Lamartine,Schr. S. M. Shaddick, Williams, Portland 2 ds., stone. Schr. S. Brainerd. Buell, Portland 2 ds.. with stone. Schr. T. P. Able, Frank, Boston, for Albany.Schr. Triumph, Lurvey. Gloucester 3 ds., with fish. Schr. Mary M, Brainerd, Bradford, Portland, stone. SAILED—Steamer Princira, for Para. Ship Manhat-tan, for Liverpool. WIND—Sunset S. W.Below. Ship Andover, from New-Orleans.Ship Sparkling Wave.Bark Mallao.Brig A. Dunbar.—All by pilot. boat J. D. Jones, No. 16.By Telegraph.Smosrcdebred condition of the brain.Philadelphia Rubs, Mobileship Reliance,Manila; Trumbull, New-OrleansP. A. PHILAPELPHIA, Nov. 19—Below, ship Westmore-;bark Ocean Home, New-York. »;-.rffertn.-e (liven:making any change grteabU taste renders easy dren.from New-'i orkSUPFLE'3 JI_i OST-0n"M0NDAT~EVENING, 19TH INST." INhave five signatorea ofsi. other "»'-HeU Sat*... 3 01sonstttatinckemdtKki,warms, sonstiaatiOBa:;cSb^ou hease mTsf 'eadadfe•nssd me s* quick that I 'ardly reaUsed am.Bndget-Ocbthe qnarther, and giv me the Pills, and d«ttbieaBdar aboat U, aither.and no should person'the most the great medieal diseoverias of this ageaf be sen-onsCare Nerreas Headache CEPHALIC PILLS, Cure all kinds of Headache '.eradicated in an early stage.Doctor, all gonejust twenty minutes, and I wish yoa woali'.;the piB yoa seat!^^Important mayall itfiiib^Mttiwww.fultonhistory.comUMiiiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 