 'pear from the list of European sovereignt. T h e Prussian newspapers and Representative Chambers, between Prince Schwarzenberg- and Baron Man- way out #of. the difficulty tmloss Sayers waives tho ar- and fright they exhibited when the little entire horse nothing has been altered in her internal affairs, save teuffel at Ofmitz, when Prussia altogether surren- ticles entirely, and goes abroad to continue the contest. on which.he made his last desert tour became u p - •' n o m i n a t i o n o f L a m o r i c e i r e t o t h e c o i n m a n d - i n - t h e p h r a s e o l o g y o f - h e r o f f i c i a l s . T h e p r o p o s i t i o n s d e r e d t o A i | s ( T i a , a c k n o w l e d g e d t h e r e s t o r a t i o n o f W e h a d n o t s e e n H e e n a n s i n c e t h e l i g h t u n t i l F r i d a y , r o a r i o u s o n e m o r n i n g , a n d r e f u s e d t o l e t o n e o f t h e mIt appears that France, tired with trying to- hiding Pom,to reason, by peaceable means, is now about to> t r y a l i t t l e o f t h a t " s u a s i o n / ' w h i c h t « l l s s o p o w e r f u l l y !Iaavea\ -UJtrajnonUftiat,hasacceptedtheMinistry<fWar,andAatoaeUTspoweriswaning. ItissaidthatthetwoFrenchex-Ministers,DeCourcellesaidFai-theLandwehr.All.thereactionarylawijonthedespitetW protestoftheKurhessianpeople,benefit,butthattherehadbeensomedifficulty"Space..Healsothoughttheirmodeof.puttingshoesontcctionabroadwhichtheyareentitledtoreceive.IttFjsssr•Kami1860.»imiiiif':-if•I*HE*DRIFTOFNAPOLEON'SPOLICY.BERLIN,May2,1860. PREPARATIONSFORNAPOLEONSCOMING After the con;: usiori of- the peace of Villafranca,ThertoamerGuatemala,fromSanJoa6doQuato- rived here on the 6th. She brought about twenty, ?'•The rotfenstate^f Austria hasbeen suddenly madeTUR1K, May 1,18601chair in this illegal meeting* When he arrived a t tho county .prison, he was received by thej Roman Cathofie students and inhabitants of the town, whothem, and contented herself with spilling, instead of blood, the patient ink of her 'politieal wiseacres. After t&e peace of Villafranca, Prussia seemed t o|« M t tj***r<**-'>.fcfift •-•,, ,M.^ ..Vif,H*.-»-«*^>*«^« *^*» ^"*DAILY TRIBUNE,-SATURDAY,iOW" J•i,i ——*....<-^W;ri,.-t • K itnf^7^MPnRT4W*f B16HLYIMPOK1Alif FROM tlMWfc.C<?by chibbing, tomsethe sum inquired, this Prus-. sian subject woiilK like the Wandering Jew, havo STRIKING CHANGES I N ROM the man who holds the destinies Of the continent found no place 1| his glorious fatherland where tolargeamount.•BclVs fyfesays:^ ";; "TomSayershasbeenstawing.itwi«''';''.".';,','.P&fill PflfiBPF!^ncxatasbothto Sardinia »a toSVan*^^ M5eve8tliatihe £ » forthere.on^^ ,fJgjJg^J^ izehshipwasatlastgranted,but, £jg^<*g :cially,asfaaxnedoftheJong-seriesofdefeatsduring ImosteftheprovincialjournalistsinFrancederivethelastwar,<nowendeavortodirectpubliciadig theirinspiration:' nation against the civilians, a n d t h e Emperor " A friend of mine, who is addicted to propheticaeem*aefc'4ofeelthatheisshakinghisownauthor- p]<?fl8antrie*,eaidtoroetheotherday:'You'11seethethat the Rhe. thepurchaseofso'preciousacorn- marchfromPalermo,asthe soldiers,immediatelyoil account ofhim. Notwithstanding that, I hopethe highapricef truetothetradition ofPrussia's leavingthecity,wouldbeexposedtoihe;fireoi*the Englishwill-sh^wthatjasv£old,theycanwarmlyap- modity. Quile idea o f the Prince Regent a n d insurgents. • Pive of the principal inhabitants had been preciate good qualities in an opponent, and I decidedly past,thefirttstothrowthemselvesuponthe Eubmitted-tothejudgmentofthecivil-tribunalofGir- thinkthat theBenecia Boymeritscommenda-wellsdidontb the Forneys, a i ^rxcts and;iiity by letting i t 'be known that the man whb haspossessed h i s entire confidence ever since h e • frontiers.' I replied bv a/quotation from the pamph-ascended the throne, was a common swindler. let Napoleon III. etV Itahc : It is better to settle a Territorial modification in a friendly way than to have"Within aaaonth, the manager-of the; Credit ilobi-j to do it the day after a victory."mercy o f RufeMa. Itad not Frederic William I. his satellites itfox thelucre ofgain, butforhonor, and,ofcourse a t a considerable expense; h e has foughtin a brave, unflinching, and fair manner, and (togetherwith Sayers) has thereby done much to raise the char-acterandstatusofthe.Ringinpublicestimation.Ifbe has naturally enormous bodily advantages over are to.Lth'e' 1st inst. A n attempt was made aboutinthehollowofhishand,forthebetterandfor theworse.'.rest his head.Now,is.it.possibleto5er has •been thrown into prison; a Director of theJJational (Imperial) Bank has shot himself; and gland was, concluded, t h e French Government the Minister of Finance has cut his throat. threw out a hint t o the Prussian Embassador atParis that an application fo r a similar treaty be- Who, under such circumstances, will h e bold tween France and the Zollverem would be favora- enough to assume the responsibility of conducting bly received, but the Prussian Government answer- the money affairs of Austria without the disgrace of ing that the Zollverein was not at all desirous"to a b a n k r u p t c y ? M r . P l e n e r , w h o i s n o w a t t h e m a k e s u c h a t r e a t y , s u r p r i s e a n d d i s p l e a s u r e w e r e,COSTAJEiCA.—DatesfromSanJose1,thecapital, 1 \ a fi;om her Austrian ally ? Had not considerable,.the citadel and prisons were crowded .to most men, it must, ofi the other' band, be recollected the 16th1 o f April t o upset the Government, bufcwexe afl -dressed i n mourn' jg, with enthusiastic have weakened t h e rival House of- Hapsburgwith his party across the Great Desert to the shores ofthe Red Sea; and;'taking leave of them there, merely! certainly will prove of very great convenience to the.S *^dtb.religious_e„ti8 M**,po- Ktxealcolor.and order' prevail there, such as have been long en-BonapartedeclaredthatPrussia'sarmamentsandnothingbeyondja.phrasehidingaParliamentarytrick. Consulinthiscitysays:'Wearealarmed,bythe'"theEternalCity,"anditwasonapicturesque, interest;isvervprosperous.CopperinoarsisheldatPrince Eegent to follow the baneful lead of ihe Vi- enna Cabinet. Thus the field is prepared for roming •events. •. *German princes, and b y a n attempt, to turn t h e military defeats of Austria into as many titles f o rof " both tha (houses," but at all events nobody will suspect, the jfftrince Regent and Herr von Schleinitz of acting up^n such pessimist principles. Everforiostance,thefollowing extract from Btdlier's effectthathe'newstromMarsalatothe-24th,Trapamtothe25th, "bonyprizerfromthehumorousStates."•Whether wasthemantoimpartit;an<jk Palermotothe26th,andMessinatothe27thult..The"Sayers.hadwon'orlost,:wetrust/wecouldstillfind shrprovinceswould-be•nottoo insurrectioncontinued,iOneregimenthadrefusedto scoresofothermentomeetHeenanandtogiveagood*Emperor go to the Rhine to offer his alliance to thegerrti:" The- arrests continued • -tit- -Messina, j Marsala tion. H e ' h a s come several thousand miles, n o t treaty wrth England relative t o the settlement of th©T«tago of Sotiiin' King of Prussia, coupled with a slight rectification ofwastaranqufl: Three Neapolitan steamers werewatch- acquired P«.r li rania by a treaty o f division con- Ting the coast." • •. fMosquito' question had been, accepted, and the Sonata had granted to the Executive the power to repeal the law relative to the free transit of the Isthmus, when it (theExecutive)sawfitsotodo.Not longafter the treaty of commerce with En-the arrest «of four o f the richest bankers, who to France the fortress, o f Landeau, which, i t was joyed the patlojnage'and the support o f Russia, on said, having been left t o France by the treaty ofTowardatestimonialtothegallantAmerican,wo have received £ 5 from J. H..C. Wyndham, esq.Finance.:Thematterisstillunexplained,andconse^ qnently a want o f confidence among the merchants', added to" the want o f cash which has for some timo existed, has not tended to improve the appearance of the political horizon of Costa Kicai Congress waa instated on Sunday, 22d, with the usual formalities and solemnities. Its first act was to elect the Vice-Presi- dents. Don Francisco Montealegro (brother o f tho President) and Don Vicente Aquilar were chosen. No* businessofimportanceJutsyetbeentransacted.The following Sunday, April 29, the President was solemnly installed in office. Mr. Dimetry was present a t thocemetery. The usual speeches, ice., were made, and the proceedings closed with the liberation of all politi- cal prisoners. It now remains to be seen if Montealegro isbetterthan.Mora.. . \':-:Trade, as I said before, was dull. The coffee crop is all over, and but little remains in the warehouses. Attention is being turned t o the growth o f the sugar caneaudj manufacture o f sugar, an industry which i f developed would add much t o t h e wealth o f th© country^ • . . • *stood in business relations with all the greap capi- 1814, had been unjustly taken from her by the •the express cr hdition, o f course, o f helping thattalists of the Continent, make every appeal to the treaty of 1815. The popular rumors of an impend- latter Power ysubject the countries bordering oh the fatherlan land of playing the part of its humble; "[Ed.BcU'sLifc.•• J" • *mwtthe/nxterfcrenceofzealousfrleftdfir HotthinkherselfboundbytimvoteofthoGerman Thetestimonial to',Saycrslhadbe^^^mDiet;tbat,'in1350,whenthePrussian,ConstitutionCENTRALANDS0CTIT••-.•Hi- '••; - — * FromOjatOurnCorretpondent.wasfabricated,thereexistednoGermanDiet,thatEurope has arrived, and that it would ^ k**n*o ing an array of jjecs, a l l t o be paid by anyhappy body having" been swept away by- the- earthquake of rinceour last. O n Saturduv be l ^ r r e d a collectionthe Prussian G^ernment, which for- months hadflattered itself t with the idle | hope" of being a c -knowledged as Ihe armed mediator of Europe, and i The notion that Louis Bonaparte is about to of rearing; vpot the ruins of •the Hapsburg Em-iteaiHendly,JJ•*WAR ON THE RHINE, From "Our Ovro Correspobdtetxt..passengers and a large freight of mdigo, eofleejco^^ ncal, hides, BUgar, mdia-rubber, deerskins, lumber, and nearly $20,000 in specie. . . " it*f good nature «eemtokai';:v 'Consider them*BERLIN, May 1,1860.*w . mean to mak*- * }>;?»ot t o try ar« MTJbavoi»vit«d.th<*an do i» to 1>€ *" "'';-ia>c'--be8twe-)!a -even their pern3£| they are in ^.•.r^aojare.we in- ;u,, -the ultima^- / r <. , jSxi poor J*j:$day.Mr. Doofr-iajj•• la-lee of thetola e ; «ffeci yeeterna }*is;ency and t[[' "to stand by tfw >erjr plainly, vw!deroand of tb«* 'ritorSes and ft s?«r: Bon«4ntexveniio*| »ti»ipnont\.^ *doingJnstwhat- Taote, and lu "viaojjustwhat/. 4*._>^Deiibocratic or| ." *ubnrit to Hoifciofe£&« than«verby the suicide of Baron Brook,jhewiK)W»e4Hini8terofFinance,who,inorder *puttheGermabquestiononthetapisprevailshero pire*theedjficnbf.Hohenzoilern.greatness,seemed ManofDecember.legalpretexts.for.enteringinto• threatened with a foreign* war, as if to affordthe 'toc*capet*» disgrace o f being imprisoned e » a among a l l classes o f society. I n to-day's to have awakei tzid to a sense of -the immense dan- separate alliances .with-tho minor, German. States,thorizeouraddinghisnametothelistfor£20.",inthisjtrade.Wehavenow—thankstotheenter-^terge-of fraud, cut his tkroat and epe«ed s h e National Zeitwg, a correspondent even affirms that gers looming iii she future. Their policy, a t onco which, till now, were precluded .from such a course «*ems*>f&a wrists, thu* expiating bis swwdle* hy irresolute,- va<kllating, and perfidious,.. had left, of actionby the laws of the Diet - I f Prussia hadDuring the week ending with May 5, more than quo ed. The following letter, somewhat patronizing inof coait,jwith a rich interior heretofore cutoff thai intercourse with the UnitedStates and Europe, except by the|lopg and dangerous route of Cape Horn.,GuApin ALA—Datcsfrom 'tbisRepnblic are tothelltfi April, jbiit there is actually no news. The country iahe knows, from sources most authentic, that proclaimed the right of the Revolution of 1848,. the -fohmfe*ydeath. Itil.di«culttorealizethe«c«a- Badioguet(a«LouisBonaparteisfamiliarystyled themwithout|lilies,andeven;Von-'•Schleinitz, nullityofallthecounterrevolutionaryacts,commit-its tone, is.published: .!To the Editor of'BtW* Life.. ' , - . :'<.^ierna^onproduced%^histragic-ev^otinthe atPari8)hasdefinitelyresolveduponaRhenish whosolong-.wiij<(eddispatcheshad_becomoastand- tedtbyherselfandtheDietsincethattime,andthe society of Vienna, and tbe exa&OTBentW the p«pul- campaign, and that Lord John Russell had just ing joke'with | le diplomatic world, could hardly rcstoratioh of the institutions and laws of the Revo-"SIR: It is only natural that, the majority of tho British public shouldjoin in an enthusiastic aoplanse ofiation. Extra-v^jgant ramors axe afloat about the lutionary epoch, she would have commanded thetheir fighting pet, Tom Savers. W e consider him as UietJ jmd Carrera's iron hand keeps- the tau-bulout el©''-,an apt illustration Of true English courage and endur- ment in complete subjection. I t is uiideniablef^bat the ance, as a fair and honorable, combatant, and as onebeen informed o f this scheme when, some weeks conce*al"froiu.himself the truth that, so soon as the sympathies of all Germany, Austrian Germany in-cluded. As it is, shy haB only divided the German *wfcichthrowsastainupona&ltheAustrianAdmin- of"theFrench,andtheBuddenannouncementthat Prussiawas.i|!.bethe:predestinedobjectofan: has,infact,openedthedoor-bywhichtoletintho«un« embezried by the Minuter-; «ad the effikaalinternal state 'if France should, again, drive theago, he rose from his seat to frighten the House o f '^.jeornafe, which were expected to husfct -np aa event Commons by fierce invectives against the Emperor Man o f Eecepber beyond the.French frontiers, Princes without uniting the German people. S h ewho hasjust come almost; victorious from a contest a t extraordinary and overwhelming odds. These are the reasons, among others, why the little champion has re- ceived so much more congratulation and praise than falls to the lot of most boxers- Let it not be supposed, however, that our island has been frightened Irom its!propriety b y the the arrival o f that' herculeanresources of the country are being rapidly developed, and perhaps it is just as well that it should continue toe* some time longer as an absolute- despotism instead of a sham republic. - ' , -^SAtV Apoa—From this State newB is to the 25th j ihd ew cijril code was about.to be. promulgated,.and quiet reigned,exceptamongthevolcanoes,whichhadshowed somesymptomsofgettingupdisturbancesontheirownaccount^.]'--- '-•'•!'--•."••'•-»'•'•••-'"-s:}'•'.;• '...;"•'.. KICAEAOXJA—Congresscloseditssessiononthe31stofMarchj JnadditiontotheswordvotedtoCom.Paul- ding, thej Senate agreed t o present him with twenty 'Vearbalhbas*'ofhind,tobeselected^brhint.-;Thejuration, were *bomosteager*o.proclaimthat Englandwasnowgoiuginsearchfornewalliances. otherlocalizedwar. , —i£e first servant o f Franks Joseph's throne had The tone and temper of.French, semi-official prints" Had not LOH?S Napoleon, in a moment Of appa,-, i^esteoyed fcJmselS a t the moment when, b y h i s are far from allaying these apprehensions. Read, rentopenheart^ uness, dropped - some- words to theZouaves. •'. .' • • ••• THE mSURRECriON IN: SICILY. .A dispatch from Genoa, May 4, says: •" An English man-of-war has arrived here, bringinglanexpected dismissal, h e saw that he conic, notescapeaferialfoxfraud.The-military$artyespe- Correspondence,a.Parispublicationfromwhich —unity,thatew what Germany stood in need ofthe officer in command after the engagement, and I exebaogee of Europe unavailable. A forced loan ing rupture with France are, consequently, strength- vassal on the uropean stage. In July, 1859, t h e translate and send it to you. . 'MR. RAREY IN THE EAST.After a tour of observation among the Arabs, extend- ing over more than three months, the king o f horsetamers hasreturned to our shores for his last " session." Severalveryadvantageousoffersweremadetohimto lecture in the French provinces, but he had to decline tliem all, aii«i, after four exhibitions in Paris, he pushedmight easily drive Hungary into rebellion, a n d even the declaration o f bankruptcy could not fill thetreasury,sinceitwoulddisturbthemoneyened by official suspicion. Prince Rege and Alexander I I , surrounded b y Prussia's position at present bears, i n some r e - diplomatists, ^nerals and courtiers, met each otherspects,astronglikenesstothatofAustriaafterthe atBreslau, etoconcludeatreaty,thearticles" A letter received by a consul inthis city, from Mes- sina, saysi ' I t seems that in Palermo the American ' and English vessels did not receive any of the politi- calfugitivesonboard. Whetherthisistrueornot ' we do not know. I n Messina, on the contrary, the ' political'•fugitives found a refuge on board of the En-conclusion of the Oriental war. Austria seemed of which h ,a ' till now, remained an unfathom- market to an-extent of which the military advisers th&t t o have got off best of all the Powers. S h e able secret, n i t for Louis Bonaparte or Lord Pal-*qgethe grant ho received a big bill, parad- mortal on his ei trance into the ranks" of Breslauyfjncroance 1848^whejv:oitfollowedthatallresolutions of the amountingto£100,collectedat the-CommercialSale-to defer that great political chanr<j to a periodTheBreakingUpofAustria. citizens.Ifhis:Trendshadnotpossessedthe-meansGermanDietwhichshouldruncountertotheplansv<01H8,Mindng-lurie.,-OnMonday.fi0went^Liver-previouslyreceivedhero{duplicatingtheletterbytoe «-•Iheroisnothinfiwhen the supremacy of France B^htfc* contestedpool, where we underrtand ho deceived £120; and atChester; the following dt»y?he. received £23 Is., col- lyorth Star in case it should arrive.first), I now avail lected at the Talbot lim, U^Ypool. Tho-o sums the nryfeelf of the departure of the Ariel to forward fjiif1 gallont fellow wiwlyjnterids should be added to theaiinuity fund collectingfor himj andtoinsurethis,>Jr. Mosce Phillips, whb \mu been acting for him, hasdepositedwithusthesumsreceivedatChesterandMincing-lane. W e have received various sums, mala ahdl intermediate ports o f Central America, ar- acknowledged below; and.we have been requested tostate that a sum of upward of £350 has been collectedby a guinea subscription ; among certain well-knownCorinthian patrons of the King, and other admirers ofall manly sports. The "Duke of Manchester (one o fthe noblemen alluded to in our last, whose name wewerenot at liberty to mention) has written to us to au- Cli is Very satisfactory to remark the steady mereafli?4by other Fovrers. Forthe preCrfjat moment, he is•v.,li<>tU8,.bflt the ( Iwai Our p«t show, and all ^riSomanche*itAA dvices from Messina to the '28th ult. state that per- fect tranquillityj but general discouragement, prevailed. teven years* y: ilr,;and annexed ^Silesia by the with- ' Thejjumber of persons who had been arrested waser tho Great against Charles X I I . of Sweden 1 H a | hot Frederic 11. carried the day in the^r of tte Just' aboutffochattered c< tt Douglas o n lipifsions of Poland, planned between the in and the Court o f Petersburg, : diminutive dimensions of the Priis-excess,'and' the [transportation of a number of indi- vidualswasspokenof. ;' _.'_' ..,!that he i s himselfjcomparativelya novice, and that he has contended with a highly skillful and much-practiced champion'. - W e feel patriotically pleaded that Heenanthe plot being discovered, the leaders,, about forty o r fifty m,nunibcr, were arrested, and, handcuffed and chained "by the leg, they were lodged in the barracks;D eicourse,continuedtoexist.imagine any step more foolish on the part of the PrussianGovernment7TheAustrian-Government declared the-old-Constitution of the German Empire to be*'defunct;-after Napoleon I. had really put tho extinguisherupOhit: TheHapsburgthcnproclaimed only a fact: 'The Hotenzollom, o n the contrary, now proclaims tho nullity of the Federal Constitu- tionofGenuanyatamomentwhenGermanyismost recent intelligence from this quarter. j! CENTRAL AMERICA.stepped aside to see the pyramids a s h e retraced hisconsidered 'f«rj a moment as a scheme really enter-^££%%^Zgg&S£°&££& tained,butwhichwasknownatLondontoboforcedbytheNeapolitanGovernment.Aletter,toa• HeUcehesailed,toaportnearJaffa,andreachedpubliCj and deserves to succeed. The Indian disturb- ances"^theSouth are.not yet over. The war will probably be suspended, during the Winter s&ason, to bo jesumedwithmoreactivityintheSpring.Thenfininggland, which until last year supported Ausiria a s neutrality o f Prussia. During the whole war, of Villafrandalj finds herself completely insulated' er the excesses that must have been committed there; the natural counterpoise of France on the -cbnti Prussia had displayed pretensions ludicrously con- and singly exposed to t h e French theory of the na- in fact, the admissions which are made furnish matter nentf,hasgivenherupaslost,and,withou;wait-tradictedbyheracts..BeforeAustriaandthemi^-turalfrontierl| .• abundantforthecondemnationofthetroops."one, a grey (whose antics would have quite qualified PKKU,—While waiting for the political revolution, <rpinion betw her for a darisense among the sawdust on "the Surrey of which I haveso often spoken, the Peruviana haveside"),hetookabrownhorsefromthehandsoftheexperiencedoneofthosefrightfulearthquakesfor inrelationtonor German States she appealed to her duties as a concentrating her policy upon strengthening Prus European power; before England and Russia sheCan it be believed that under such trying circum- stances the only expedient which the Prussian Gov-THE. GREAT FIG HIVFrom BclVi Life in London.attendant eunuch, and with the aid of the " two little which. the country is so celebrated. Lima is halfiaUnion. Th»> X; .Cincinnati in ISleheve'the?«! imports, a I"» :Q dowed ihali r ^ Val wai bas<-> I cjueaningof t!»; During the ftinterrcned', -construction <:;e«trovertcd by JU principles are platform—pritu the true the<-rv iution to whijl preeervatioit 'tiWlnU is (lie Charleston ISeventeen ?»( adopted with n cdples so wor«l«- JBtruction—pri» uphold the i'<i tu ot the (>>nfr~«l -r ingsixteen>ujonty/consp; n JPenusvlvanvA [aTheStat** w votes whuh t*u: Stvor of Dertji* idence is enwrand Ne>y-Jt f«e, Pennsylvania i electoral xou o ^Democratic not of al! the n ....;::The plait' fjw •jiation coni[-^<.1'I r o m t h e s e v e i n anaiority of thy and a rejoin? ••>>Affirming the pr out ejcpuuui.1 >i! ing. This w»s ef enabling tie some chamf •>f States b y ptweprinciple* civri jority ofthe. 1» majority spi^rging to see how the great empire will break up, isstraps" made him follow him everywhere about the pasture. The grey mare, whose ragged hips and long neck did not improve her, was a little over fifteen hands, and so highly valued by her master that he had refused a thousand pounds for her.Then followed an excursion to the Dead Sea, whichwas somewhat spoilt by a party of Bedouins, who de-scended o n the tent and cooking utensils, and showedtheir disgust at the absence of nobler plunder by mak-ing the cook stand and deliver his watch, and maltreat-ing the solitary soldier for*turning saucy in his remon-ruins, and the inhabitants of Callao i n daily dread of j another such a catattrophe, as that which destroyed the old town about onehundred years ago. The first shock took place on the 19th, and lasted 80 seconds, the most severe one on the Sunday following, which, though it lasted only 15 seconds, completely rocked tho city to and fro. The following account o&the event is by tho Luna correspondent of The Panama Start." The first movement commenced on tb« night of the 20th, and lasted half a minute, but did no hyury ; on the 21nt aever&l slight OKcillatioiiS'Occnrred, but the heaviest shock waa felt on the SOcl at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and lasted nearly a minoto. ltic>appealed to her obligations as tie .paramount Ger- ernment has art upon is to .renew its scheme of a i We have very little original matter to add to what E aia, which seems destined t o absorb t h e greatest man power; and, resting h e r claims o n these little Germamy with a Hohenzollern a t i t s head, appeared in our last respecting this affair. Notwith- portion of Germany in the interest of the European . double pretensions, she demanded from France to and, by the most insolent provocations, not only to standing what has -been Btated as to the intention t>fbe acknowledged as the armed mediator of Europe. drive Austria into the hostile Camp,' but to estrangethe authorities to interfere, and notwithstanding the recommendations of various lovers of the art, both men—but more especially ' Heenan—appear bent on fighting again. That this^wvill not be permitted any- where in the United Kingdom is now evident, for on Thursday last we.' had a visit from Superintendents Durkin.of t h e F division, and Hannant of the A di- vision, who informed us they were; instructed by the Commissioners, who were acting under the direction' of the Home Secretary, to give us official notice\.thatif either Tom Sayers or Hcehan attempted to renew ludk-g u;> t o each encampment h e could descry and tionn were felt, or subterranean nois« was heard. Considerablebalance of power.. But Francis Joseph dies notseem t o see the breakers ahead. Supported by To her claims asti\e German power, par excellence, the whole of jjSouthern Germany ? Yet, incredibleshe acted up by allowing Russia to intimidate, in a as it may apbjar, and the more incredible since this the small states of Germany, confiding in the prin- circular of unprecedented insolence, the minor Ger- line of pohcMiis fervently recommended by the Bo-ciples of divine right, standing b y Jesuits :ind the man courts, and by timidly listening, in the person napartist .prRfis, such is the case. The nearer t h eConcordat a s the only antidote against democra-cy, h e continues t o worry Prussia at Frankfort,though at the same time he is,trying, by his uncle,of Herr von Schleinitz, to Lord John Russell's flip- pant lectures on the 4' constitutional" law of na- tions.Her claims as a European Power she made gooddanger dravv|j|the more anxious appears Prussia to display her jfuPger for a new division o f Germany. By the wayJitt is likely enough, that, after the blow dedt to Austria, Germany stands in need of a simi-strance. ' Mr. Barey and his party were some milesahead a t the time, but the former profited by the les-.- movement was ar»t horizontal, «md went from south to west: batthe King o f Saxony, once more to indice the by hushing up the warlike impulses of the minor lar blow being dealt to Prussia, in order to get rid -ton, and left everything behind in Damascus, down t ohis very keys, when, merely accompanied by MajorFrazer, of. lion-hunting fame, and an interpreter, he morning at 6 o'clock a severe shock was felt again, nearly, as spent several days in the desert in search.of horse lore, strong as the former, and on all tho jfollowing days sliglitvibra-damage has been done in Lima and the neighborhood, booses and wells fell in; in our watering place, Chorillos, everal people were- killed and .wounded. At Cahete. a small town about 20Constitutio of 1831 having been destroyed by the were aware o f the notice alluded; to in our last, and given them a perfect mastery over generation after Young men who had always before ridiculed religion, invokedboth suggested that the light should take place out of generation of horses as they arise; but their critic was the name of God and commenced to pray ; others that only visited Areh;E3ectjHr in 1849-50, under Austrian auspices, England, but whether Sayers will agree to this re- church for the purpose of flirting with the ladies, now followed resources of the country for a series of years, which Prussia now affected to follow, both in her Prussia for moment affected a desire to draw the mains to be pvoved. A day has been named, but as by strongly tempted to doubt whether they have thought thoi-e dismal processions ; even old Costilla, who cannot be saidusurping the place formerly held by her rival in the since the trj ity of Villafranca tho leanings'of the council**-of the German Confederation. When a thostilities in any place which could be reached by a truistnig tor food and a night's lodging to the sheiks of Secretary of State's warrant, they would be arrested, •the village. :•. ' .Russia and France are speculating upon the in- last forced, by the progress of the French arms, to Regent's poEhy have been betrayed in little press skirmishes ajpd small occasional debates On the Ital-and their designs frustrated; and not only this, but di- rections would be" given to the proper persons to in-heritance of the two sick men. Italy is roused b y assume something like a warlike attitude, she met ian question)! jj)ut, on the 24th of April, in the Prus- with the cold resistance o f t h e minor GermantheannexationofNice,bythesufferingsoiVene-States, which hardly thought it worth while to dis- taa, and the agony o f Sicily. Sardinia is arming, simulate their distrust as to the ultimate intentions though not yet prepared to make war. The Pope of the Prussian Court. The peace of Villafranca is arming and reorganizing h i s administration, found Prussia completely insulated, not only in Eu-the Kuxhessijaa question, the cat was let out of thoThis warning has been communicated to the referee, who has determined, beyond the naming of a future dav, to wash his hands of the business.stantinople there were several studs (including that o f the renowned Omer Pasha), principally saddle-horses, and nowhere did. Mr. Rarey hud the .horse better un-I have bej||:e explained this Kurhessian question rope, but in Germany, while the subsequent annex- to your reliefers, and shall therefore now limit mv-and the young King o f Naples, too, i s arming, .self to expf ation of Savoy, by greatly contracting the exposedas to.a place,which prevented hisat present fixing' veryinartistic;but the shoes themselves seemedto ispainfultoseehow the conductof th© (xovernment loux, are to enter the service of Pio IX., JUSMin- press, the right o f association, the municipal ad- Alter, the! ffian war, t h e question, on the secret a day. All we can say is, let him lose n o time, conform with more exactness to the Structure of the has caused the United States aud her citizens to' bejjisters of Finance and o f Home Affairs. Thus, ministration, the relations of landlords and peasants, instigation ill Prussia, was again mooted. Tile but, "strike while th e iron is hot." The ex- feet. .. ' . j . • dierc8pected in these Spanish American countries. Letjthe bureaucratic tutelage, the ubiquity of the police, Kurhessian ttjhambers again declared for the va- citement a t present is very great, aud if he. fixes the administration of Rome will become Frenchi- have been carefully maintained. Even the infamous lidity of th Constitution of 1831, and fresh peti- upon a spot within a few days, ne must realize a largoweek. He has been at Chester and Liverpool, at each " feinale,'' "Irish," and '} Mexican" horse-taihers in ly added, itfeiight to be adapted to the monarchical of Svhich places he has had most rapturous receptions,-.•'•• ' i ajlevtoral A-Oi'-s ! Thedele>;^iw tionofthatofied. ThePopewillsoonnominatetheAbb<iBona-yerte Cardinal, and if he die*, we shall sec Bona-partism enthroned i n the'V atican, directing theconsciences o f a hundred a n d fifty millions o f at as a wild dream. Christians.encesofdesertlifewilllendnota.littlenoveltytothe lecture's which he purposes' giving before h e returns- Nothing shows better the alarm o f all Europe t h a n t h e i m p r e s s i o n m a d e b y M . A b o u t ' s a m u s -;of Rhenish Prussia had, during t h e worst period dispute wasjja(verbal one , a mere quibble, the gisthave again received numerous letters on"%o subject of him, both for facing a savage or '*•gentling" a nervous who killed a man of the naine of Otis, on the railroadsubject into confidence. It is idle to the last degree t ot h e l a t e b a t t l e , f r o m w h i c h w e e x t r a c t t h ' o B O ' m o s t . t o . e x p e c t t h a t h o r s e s w i l l n o t l a p s e a f t e r t h e y h a v e r e - c a r s , n e a r l y a y e a r a g o , h a s b e e n c o n f i r m e d b y th<xstatutesrelatingtomarriagescontractedbetween tionsforitsIreestablishnientwentupto.theDiet sum. Ifhetarrytoolong,publicinterestwillbeounobles and the common stock of mankind, have not at.Frankfoim.jl Prussia then asserted tho Constitu- the wane, and his receipts will be diminished one half.been rescinded. The very idea of restoringth e tion of 183l|jx) be aloue valid, but, as she cautious- Of Tom Sayers we have heard but little during the home to Ohio, next Fall. We have had " original."Constitution, overthrown by a coup <£' Hat, is hootedI will give you one single instance of. tho civil insisted thatjtjhe Constitution of 1852 was legal, but alluded to below. His arm is progressing favorably,ny fheer fon«-1 that will eertat compelled t«» w in ;the language-«* that it wa.- s • **patrtotiK! •$ <( and claim ut** a e k o o w k ' d i * -*4 Which ar.- p„ **itkm* by,.it»? - "Weca»iw>i.i and approv&3 <knowledge; all his property having been consumed Last,, notieiiaft they did not like the Prussiauj strat- ration of the author have been turned to account during his imprisonment. H e a t last bcto6k him- egy of dictu tiug to the minor German Princes aud self to Breslau, where an old acquaintance of his encroaching upon their sovereignty, by affecting to bytheEmperor,in order toacquaintthe world employedhim asoneofhisagents,butbeingone takeupthe'igrievances ofthft,Kurheseian people with the general drift of "the Napoleonic ideas; morning summoned to the Police, he was told that against the Arch-Elector, Consequently the mo-The feeling throughout the-country,; if we. except cer- tain of the betting fraternity, in so decidedly in favor of a draw.-and the opinion is BO universal that both men have done enough, that we do not hesitate t o adopt •thiscourse.. Wefiaveno doubt hnmy will b o found ready to throw•• suspicion upon such a..recommenda-however, ib.i ., ,. .^>*-: just;'eipect:u» • It is bint- ap unity of prii«i on which it?* craticelectboa ' opinkmastoito the surmise that the quaint humor and exagge-much larger; amount, reallV appropriates but httio ov«r $3,000,000 out of the Treasury over and above the postages now ou band., .' ^ ' - " • r , •:,«.,'.•/;; - . : . . .active,- No. 12 offers at $4 to $4 62J per 100 lb>; ver little llone. Molasses at 3 | to 3J rials per kegv and n< much!demandatthese rates. TheJSfritishat frigatt Emerald, and British sloop Racer are tMSkThereisnodoubtthattheaffairsofGermanyandhispermissionofresidencecouldbeprolongedonlytionofPrussiawas/lost.; ^: ~T*-A• tion,^tendingto.inmlya:doubtinourmindsastothe for a few weeks, if, in the mean while, he Bhould hot. Now, onj S e 24th of April, when thismatter came capacities ^ " ^ Champion, hut'I,they* will not be feeOrientalquestionnowoccupyhismind.Hav- haveprocuredcitKBenshipinBreslau. Oahisap- tobedebated1atBerliniiithe HouseofDeputies, foundamongaelasstowhomit.isofanyimportance„• •' ; The H>nP Ferdmand 8. Shenck of Somerset County, good,] . .thetrittinpni»surpriseth;*rI :ah)a8,wmp.pws,thevo'.o*tions. • . . . ' .*'LittleisknownofMessina, butthat *tranquillity stepstoAlexandria.After all, desbite the conference with Alexander II, number of arrests that are being made.' I send you, gi-asfey knoll, hard by a grove of" olives, that he gave $2 50 each. Siiverr bars, pure, $10* 75 per marc E x - threats oi an eventual intervention had blunted the the Pasha a specimen of his art. His Highness had change pn the United States, sixty days, 11 per centJThe result of such a state of things on the f o r - 'signrelationsofAustriaisplainlyvisible.En-swordofFrance,AustriadeclaredthatherownatBreslau,andLordJohnRusseh^-'s"searchforwithoutfurtherdelay,ikeofficialmilitaryreportottheorderedoutforhisinspectionfourofhisbestmaresofpremium.Freights:TotheUnitedStates,$15;En- Theprooeediipower of resistance had split upon the equivocal " new alliances," Prussia; now, as after the treaty engagement at Carini, from which.you will readily fil- the purest Nedcedee caste, and after he had ridden land, d£3. Ibfed a t Chart«/the unbounded servility o f Frederic William IU., the insurgents—that the seat of government was about' •style o f his exertions. I moVe therefore, Sir, that a portion o f tfiem were lodged -in t h e University, who stood by: Alexander I, when, in 1814, England, subscription be opened for the purpose of presenting a where they were chained t o the pillars of the eourt* t o b e t r a n s f e r r e d t o M e s s i n a — t h a t t h e d i s e m b a r k a t i o n t e s t i m o n i a l t o H e e n a n i n t h e f o r m o f a n a n n u i t y , a y a r d . A j v a r i e t y o f r e p o r t s a r e c u r r e n t a 8 ; t o t h e o b j e c theadofthe-empty'treasury,hasalreadydeclared expressedintermsfarfromcourteous.Moreover, Austria,'and|Eranceshowedsomeindicationto ofseveralinsurgentshadrestoredcouragetothepuree,enp,orwhatnot;andIhopethatthemotion andextentofthemovement.SomesupposedittobO/*the Prussian Government was, at the time, fully in- opposition acd, .resistance, been rewarded' b y others-—and that the garrison of- Palermo, although" will b e both seconded and handsomely carried out by thatheisunabletobringorderintothefinancial formedofthenegotiationswhichtheagentsoftheannexation."ofSaxony"and'the"'Rhenishnumberidg"nearly20,000men,apparentlyfearedto allloversofa"fairfightandnofavor."andbythosegotten up| against the Provisional Government; others imagined!ittobeamovementinfavorofex-President Mora; while some again believed i t to be directed ex«»confusion o f the empire. The failure of the two Louis Bonaparte had recently opened with the Ba- Provinces to I russia ? Prussia, in one word, hadproceedinto.the.interior. , ...... ThecorrespondentofTheLondonNews,writingfrom Naples, April 28, says:" The report of the brutal conduct of the soldiery atCarini is confirmed by an official statement sent in bywho wish to increase the respectability .of tho Rmg., Yours,, fee, ELEVENSTONE. clusively!againstDonVicenteAguilar,'thoMinisteroflastloans,thefraudulentissueofStatebonds,andvarianCourt;inordertoinducethelattertocedeinitsencroaiimentsupon.Germany,alwaysen-<rf Francis Joseph have no idea. .What is, then, flattered herself that she had humbled Russia,.her merston, , but fo r Prussian •subjects,, whose ' glish vessels, and were got out 6f the way.' With on to Rome and Naples, and so, by Sicily and Malta, toliberal represi Titatives have proved themselves, of .the future of Austria to be t dangerous neighbor, without incurring any trouble course, niu<ih; ^00 polite t o interpellate Herr vonInHungary,the.imperialordersarealreadydis- beyond the mobilization of herforces. Haying- S«hleinitz th|[Foreign Minister, onsuch a deli-played the armed mediator while the Western Pow- j J :regarded. The Protestants hold their meetings ers had to bear the brunt of war, she might, after: cate question!; j This much, however, is sure, that•without heeding the protest of the political author-ties, and even the arrest of the leading men fails tofrighten the multitude. On the 20th o f April,about 7,000 Protestants assembled in the ch ireh ofthe Bonapartijijt press took no fright at the Breslau conference; I'lxat ever since then the relations be- tween Russiaj;ind .France have grown more osten- tatiously intinlite; t h a t that conference did not pre-the house of. the consul and made the demand, and he' considered that he had no alternative.point, had received very few /entries; but ho found himself among more congenial scenes as' he sailed up the Nile toward Cairo, in the second week of February. It was just the season for turning out the Arab horses to grass', and there they Stood up to their knees in i t (with an ever-shifting background of camels, donkeys, and.buffaloes, on whose back three or four dusky u r - chins might be seen riding home at nightfall), mile afterthe proclamation of peace, fancy she had broken,by the arms of the Western Alliance, t h e ascen-dency Ruesia had won over her since the Hunga-" A s regards the British vessel, Isame charges insinuated, as noted above, in other quarters; but without givmg"credence t o the .state- ment, I can affirm that great doubt exists a s to tho conduct t o bo observed by the captaius of her Majes- ty's vessels in the trying circumstances in which theyrian events of 1849, and there were indeed at thattijhe many compliments bestowed upon the clever, ..vent Louis Spnaparte, either irbin seizing uponI notice that Mr. George Fagan has been appointed British Minibter to Central America in the place of Mr. Wyke..:SOUTH AMERICA.) :.-.- TheP.S.N.Company's steamer Valparaiso, fromtheSouthCoast,arrivedhereonthe6tb. CHILI.—From this republic we have dates to the18th • pf j April. The political news is .unimportant; Congress*onotyetn»ocssioiw.AnAmericanlineof steambrs between Valparaiso {and Panama has been at length started, and the tirstbeat is already on the way out; atlleast'-so says t\xQ^A&rcurio. This certainly cannojt prove a paying speculation a t first, b u t i t a aDebreczin, and, defying the threats of the imperial diplomatic tactics of the Vienna Cabinet. In point Savoy, or threatening Switzerland, and throwingofficials, transacted business as if Count Tlun had out hints upoft|some unavoidable "rectification ofoi fact, however, t h e ambiguous attitude -main- . the Rhenish f:'butters," and, finally, that PrussiationoftheProtestantchurches. Onthefollowing without allies, and enabled Louis Bonaparteto. willnotbe less/generous and humane. Thewidest•French vessels of war offer hospitality, I know, to all never issued his notorious decree for the organiza- tained by Austria duiing\the Oriental war, left her. herself, despiethe comfortable prospect o f again1 political refugees, and it is to be hoped that Englandday, the Calvinist Bishop Balogb was arrested and maintained her. resources intact during the Italian carriedtoGxosswardeiriforhavingtaaenthe war. Sheshoulderedherarms,buthadnotusedthese latter tipaes, eagerly seized upon the bait o f when lying in the waters of such a barbarous power an English al iance, only thrown <prt> at London to^localize theItalian war. Prussia,.,inhertUru,|-beingallowedjfcoform.Russia's vanguard,'has,in possiblelatitudeshould begiven toBritishvessels"The intendenti of Salerno and Avellino have.made several compluints t o the Government regjirdihg the However, Lord John Russell's indiscreet b e - tuibridlca. conduct of the foreign troops stjitioned in trayal in the shape o f a Blue Book, of Hen* von those places, but the excesses, still continue, and mustScbleinitzV coquetry with the Tuileries during tt(e. do so, for the troops know thatthey are a necessity to through the instrumentality of French victories, an : last Italian war, gave the death-blow to tho Anglo- the Government, and almost.'impose;their own condi-cheers. Confinement i n prison h a s already j opened to herself the road to paramount power inbecome a distinctioninHungary. Martyrdomis fGermany. Still,the very pretexts onwhichthe Prussia alliance,which the.Prussian Government"higher up the river.;• but to gaze on tho high-caste " children of the star" was his sole mission, and he had no time to" linger. • He accordingly went on at onceamuse the. Bi i&sh House of Commons fo r a week or two- | , . • . " • ' • . ' '.respecfto the" Sicilian who had been given up by theAmerican consul, I can now affirm that it was true. Alexandria. Beyond the Roman habit of not shoeing Thevesselwasamerchant craft. Thepolicewentto• thehindfeetoftheirhorses,hisnote,book,up tothathave heard the'are,, and are likely to be.: placed for some time.. roile,in bay, chestnut, and flea-bitten grey platoons,(about five yards apart, and tethered t o stakes by onefore,andbothhindlegs,soasjusttocommandtheiral-lottedrans*-ofherbair*»..AtCairohisstay was very-lhniTeu, althoufei. ne received a pressing invitation fromasthatoftheTwoSicilies,v r ...;the"ViceroyofEgypttovisithimathiscountryseat,AtBeyrout,onty'sreturn,hefoundthebeetArab leaguessouthofLima,halftlietownissaidtobedeiftroyedt he had seen on his travels among a l o t o f twenty, fuither south the earthquake seems, to have lost its intensity, and n«-t much of it was felt north of Lima. On the 23d the panic waa dict them, and all persons concerned, for the breach of which some Sardinian officers had got together o n a general in Lima; then came a report from Callacv w&ch.after* roving commission from their king. Rhodes a n d ward proved false, that the sea had retired from the shore-; more sianLowerBpuse,,onoccasionofthedebatesoh..thepeacealready'committed,attheensuingassizes. Smyrnahadlittletoshowinthisway; butatCon- than2,000peoplearrivedborefromCallaoandChorilloa,whoall feared the sea would swallow up their towns, aud that new coa- vuhions would follow. 'All this contributed to augment the panic-; the shops were closed, many people lea their houses and went to tho Alameda, ,to the Convent oi the Franciscans (who are now derstood or more scientifically handled. The ! Arabs very popular) to pray and remain then; all night, others left town On Friday we had a visit from Heenan, who. in seemed to fall far short in the fatter point o f what he altogether. Linia seemed very ruuchdeserted. Even now many company with Mr. Wilkes, came to demand that a day people have net dared yet to retire to th«dr homes. Stxangeit was had anticipated. Their habit o f sharing their tents to. see the great changes which the fear of death had effectedbag. |j[i |pmg m a few words the main points'though certain ruin stares all three in the face, if front of France, greatly improved her chances of a upon which,'the debates turned. The Kurhessian should be fixed for the battle to b e resumed. Both with the foal from the very day it is dropped has in the behavior and, in the religious belief of different people.they continue this unproductive expenditure of thevictorious campaign on the Rhine.Under these circumstances, the line o f policy•while, if they go to war, tho Pope, as well t.s Kingout any systemj o r could grapple on any. fixed prin- to be a pious man, sent sj»30o for the purchase of wax and other internal and external relations, appears alike faulty. sword o n behalf of the protesting representative the articles the men are bound t p fight in England, ciple with a horse that was new t o them. H e was requisites for the procession. There has not been such a severe' Bombino o t Naples, will most probably disap- Despite all t h e vain-glorious declamations of the Chamber, hjuti i n November, 1850, on the meeting, and, as the authorities''are deteimmfed, we cannot see a more confirmed on thiB point by the utter helplessness ooithquako here since the year l»2a."i\ :.•*;••-.chief in the Pontifical States, is, as we a >w see, on army reform, while not at all.strengthening h e r the old Gertnan Diet, betrayed Schleswig-Holsteiu, and were glad \o perceive that beyond a scar aud a put hia bridle on. "The Prophet" was invoked in where argument is thrown away. French Admirahj few discoloi-ationB he had entirely recovered from the vain that time, and there was nothing for it but to'send are not generally to be trifled with, and CastiUa will, not an isolated fact; it means a n adminii tration military force for the impending emergency, aim a t »arid recantojl all her pretensions to supremacy, she punishment he had received. He, of course, professed a messenger for Mr. Rarey to th e tent of th e pf course, have to yield to the demands made on him,reform. Cardinal Count Me>ode, t h e ! Belgian a permanent enlargement o f the standing army, also yielde " her knight-errantry on behalf of the his anxiety to have the matter settled one way or the sheik, ana request him to leave his repast of. brown with the additional mortification of paying the piperbreadandwildhoneyforthwith,andcomeandput whomadehimdanceinhisoldboots..Itwouldbo mutters to rights, a point of no great difficulty when well if the United States would condescend to take aij thecrowdofagitatedturbanscouldbethrustbacka leesonfromtheFrench,andalforditscitizensthatpro-jalreadytoolarge;theoverburdeningofthefinancial resources, already overstrained, and the annihilation oftheonlydemocraticinstitutionofthe^o.untry-—Kuihessianf jijmstitutionof1831. other,andmadenoobjectiontogivethepropertime In 1852-, Ike Arch-Elector octroyed a new consti- for Sayers to be placed on. an equal footing wfth him-,tutionwhiclwasguaranteedbytheGerman Diet, self. Heannounced that hewillshortlytakeaprinciples otfjthe Diet. Austria, on the other hand, and received large subscriptions, which will be found the field since fashion first set in this direction; but still as yet the. showers are not very heavy, or of long Mr..Rarey holds that vantage ground which tho finest duration.* ' . - ;liberty now enjoyed by a Prussian subject. A native ought to be imended in a liberal sense? Thus t h e although, of course, the cure must be very slow. W e horsemen in the world have long since accorded t o •. The sentence of death o n Williams, tho Americano f t h e r e a c t i o n , b e e n c o n d e m n e d b y a p a c k e d J u r y , o f w h i c h w a | ! a t r i a l o f t h e r e s p e c t i v e p o w e r . w i e l d -ing new pamphlet, " The new Map of Europe," in because of what was then called a political crime, ed by the H|henzollerh.and the Hapsburg over the the point. We have also received a message from Mr. ceived one lesson from him. Clever as he may bo, ho Supreme Court. If the death penalty ia a righ»ou.to seven years imprisonment in a Prussian fortress. German Cotojfederation, A vast majority o f the Hogg of the Angel, Stratford (the Mr. H. alluded to in cannot checkmate nature by working a miracle. T h o Oue> he merits it."which, with the most happy irony, he humorously our last) stating that howas not a friend of Hecrianfs, The frigate Lancaster sailed on a visit to Central-toEngland,Armenia,PersiaandSyriatoRussia, creating a new Byzantine Empire, reconstructing Poland, liberating Hungary, and protesting against.police. He, then set out for his native town, but, the minor .German States were transpanmt. Aus-the battle to go on, and not for the purpose of putting and patient repetition of it (as in the cavalrv regiments, about to *ail on a cruise. . . , ;.' .;>The period of his punishment, not abridged by the Diet decidealat last for the validity of the Constitu- and.knew nothing of him beyond seeing him with most that hecan do is to indicate the mode of treat-" American ports, on the 30th.simplifies the state of Europe, giving Italy.io Vic- liberal ministry, having come to an end, he repaired tion of 1852J viz., on tho Austrian side, and against •Macdonald, and that; he was sent to the referee by tho ment, and uhow how completely it works tho desiredtor Emanuel, Northern Germany to Prussia, Egypt to Cologne, there to be driven out by order of the Prussia. T | o motives which swayed the votes of latter to request him to return to the ring, and allow effect in.bis-own.hands; but it is only by a constant The Powhatan and Levant are in port; the Jftttc /j, principle, rasa: ....r i dienoy, lOftli s c.eingieeyetolistrangetosay,wasinformedbythoauthoritiesthat, having absented himself for seven years fromthe place, he hud lost his citizenship, and must lookfor another abode. He retorted that his absencehad not been a voluntary one, but all in vain. FromBerlin, where he then resorted, he was again ejected'» ing the competency of the vote of the Diet of 1851, on the plea that he had no means o f existence t o they would lave put in jeopardy the competency ofanendtoit. IfMr.Hoggsendsusalettertothis effect we will insert it, but w,e may inform him at ouco that his memory must be somewhat at fault, if he im- agines ho put hia request to therefereein the waywherethemostincorrigiblesubjectshavebeenmade permanently .useful by it)- that a horse can be taught to shed iflj old vicious-habits," aud cease to be a peet bothn and out of the stable.—[London Illus. News.''From Washington.TheBritishtdoopCliowasatTabpga.Business is dull, excepting that done by the company, which is daily increasing..I nball not inflict on you'our local gossip, which be of no possible intoreBt to your reade/s*FROM HA V ANA.—By the arrival o f the sta Philadelphia, Captain Howes, we have datesany aggrandizement of France. The pamphlet isevidently not meant t o b e serious; but the inti-mate relations of the author with the Prince Napo-leon, as well as with the Emperor, give some color show, except his personal resources o f labor and all the othef Jreeolutions o f the Diet since,1848. hands, and settle the matter in an amicable manner"., "...• -.,triathey;W|tobetoomuchinvolvedjinforeign difficulties, drift too unpopular, to attempt anything beyond ;the jconservntion of the general status quo in Germany|jwhil<; they suspected Prussia of ambi- tious 6chem«|S of innovation. By not acknowledg-IheStsie*.The delcj^iij(includixn>gg.-a, it not less'j•'"' tory reeoguaK aMtni&tfformorly•-ai'vi^beriWvCorig^e88,'-.an^^»y«calv..yeara X^oMae««onLondon,XU'ci>npremium} )»gonceshakenthebasisoftheprosentEuropeanpliancetotheBreslaumunicipal,authority^manyHert;ypnSchleinitz.inthenameofthePrussiantoustoexplainourmotives.Wefeelqmte'coufideut;JudgeoftheiCourtofBrrowandAppealsofthisState,couJKT<rJ.premium'}NeMr.Orte«am*»Hv»!tax,-;territorialsettlement bythe war in Italy,andall be ready to justify(Whatwe have said anddono. 1 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069day, agM.72.years.-"- ,^ '' | "demand ia lev*. For European porta the »temvwoedatlowt5»huang»*'tttiaipettydifficulties were thrown in!hisway,"which*that those whoso good opinion alone wo care for wiUGoveTnloCTtj\^ex^licitiydeclaredthatPrussiawould die^ndd^nlyathisBon'sresidunceftCamden,yester:Freigbi* h*v© not advanced for porta \n " JSSSSbKTTw*£5^£3r«£'istated.; :>•Before .concluding these remarks, wo havo only t oUntitled Document. . •"hopefiil'repeat our recommendation that tho nien should shakoWASHINGTON', Friday, May 18,1860. .n a.^. J^veTsal atteiprise of ^|he Panama Railroad Company-rra birmonthly £100 was received, a t the office of the paper, jnst line of atleamers, which,have opened^upalargaeattentdid not succeed in his enterprise; but we also feel but, aslthe arrests increased, this locality not beingContradictory ruirio,rs were in circulation. I t wasI Had not, at the Congress of Vienna, said that a Neapolitan General had been captured by bound to bear witness to the, gallant and honorable large enough to contain th e li conspirators," a>Republicans and Democrats forget for onco their local Both his viewB on this point and his general experi- squahbles. and remember that there is aa-Americanpeopleandanationalhonorthatlooksforredrewat their hands. •• • •'THE ISTHMUS.Our rainy season may be said to have set in, though.•' ? " ;, Tho Post-Olfico Deficiency bill, which passed thekrexnaining in t' ;House to-day, although apparently appropriating a Havana to May 12. Tho sugar market is a litttenioi*:**!$'••&> Obituary. ,<;>":..<,.:•*;^KWA^,Friday,May18,I860.'•port!Wallwell*ThehealthofJBUwanaj*;*PANAMA, Hay 9,18W, Hnvi gsentyon bythe Hoanoke the latest news;T3nh« Japansthen, came a very strong shock from below, which would havo laid the greatest part ol Lima in ruins, if it had been repeated; at laet it died «iway with the same horizontal oscillations. Nextnh&h bmi 'm:»H- : : .rifrom have obtain*<i i Congress in hThis they ho' 4uad his follov. e Douglas hi J.-.-.•]i f h e c o u J d <j«> i feeotter.d«;a'Jb ho did not mplantshim^-li'< Hotyetcarr;.'d willhold.Am lieve he means^le of ahythii.if Democratic ran is admired, ar}<| great Thnv i slight sprouting Douglas iso-rtl publicanisn;,i<>resistance wast h a t rebellioD lent, a n d w i of r5ghteou?n.'! las himself . the j flaniw ' f Xoent that v. il irhen he him:«e position. H e:: «ft«r, arid M .they witt vfttk against thenanuhbod by lie enable to tai<e And this is t -^jnen'stiseO;:..- theJEepubikut standard.iJJ0DRZSS '.'-> '• 'The under*! ocratic party. * anxious; by j-rt pairedtheefScJincounselwiththe United S?.tt<oiiliA www.fultonhistory.com 