 ^lUeia TanHnr—moul Cuma Smesuk's DAcaans.The4 ean-tWOi,BATOEDIT.BOY.M,UW..*HS CTW-TOHKaoowMd la «h* TUM MUfa» fttatlac flM OltrPeeflaf the FoUtlMd Pule.g^c«yMMp«wJt ftiiiii<p>^y«ipiieitHigrinto Conference wiai Titgiaia, Kentool^, intends " to elevate men to beoome noHsetti-i^3teMfc." Whatwllfc *»," tminnmm**-*am " tk* HWataMs-tfaa(epla]«,aad tka Coovaay.aad im'I'rpopidaiity.barbeneltihoiildbeBba^wAoaonrr or Hmia—The sale of tidiets forOHlI Fri«iBkS.« «It*.uMithtil iOif«c«,ht jniw>-#T-oTsOxU Timmn* (rs8n«iJ-WwM»kti*r>-»»"DtariTUTlito make itselfor talk^ about, no matter at what expense toGeorgia are less excitable and demoB-m• PX'tBtTrKk-^SwVvW,t BKifpria1aW* >•KMamim*«— »«^ -wAww MTto KBW-TOBK TDOSIndeed, the better«in aw—w—ImplmBia«'MD*tMut»nym«y**f-the attitude ofent in the raidthemenwhohavebeen— miXironBri«T«drtrw faceby promin- upon the laws and customs ofHOTEHEHT.oottc».hoaae-iM^M- kererrrMM » HM.ii« lMr»«i MJkr «M« Mwt M • C*<* if '""JIS; «jHNr» «^ WMW. ••••«« ««r>l>r **vy'*' "*^base their newConfederacy, is oneWPirraasBSB, Friday, Nov. s.;tw»••»»•»oOMaddM"fcr of Lixcouf'a m»,??J***r quencesthewith which the Frontier States can have no this country. A of this class groupLatest lodicatioiii fnmBANK SUSPENBIONISPITTSBUEOH.mBLO'SAARDBi^-OuT Jtunmno—Thi L«i> of a Lotu—Tbi BsinaxT(ma—a Lusoh oitbi Hiaxi.tw iTX.Atxm TBKATBl — A Souub'b Cocbuhif — BOAV fo TUjui*NKW BOWBBT THXATHI— Tbx SoAnou aud thiSooth may be allayed before it has done itsdesired.We shall hear aestablishment of one or two respectable Ger-beeathis, all the theatres, large and small, will be abroad. The extent of their liabilities is nnknown.constrained, as now, to pay for licenses, and "There is some hope that an extension will be granted,Baliimou, Friday, Nov. M—P. M.yHITP«THSon-Taacommunitywill thus beprotectedHabeis a Sons' failureto be ttricUy honorable. It it understood thatconvened with who have UttiartaBOWKtT THSATXS—SrAunis k BoaiM' Cmnn.BABinnrS WmEnK-Dmy aadKreolas—WbaxIsIiI —Amo Okiuiki—B«8i Euiu.theby spontaneousandunder which this much-needed reformEOOLKT * OAXPBBLL'S, IHMo'iionAMosityininisteringto it.Itsfor a mo- doctrinethatthereliefof this anomalous condition of things must come from Cabinets and and could notapprovalStocks no to-day presentenUre unanimity in IxntOF TOTB ARTS, No. «» Broadvay—Dci- BIUKWrGAUJXT—JABTIS' CoLLicnoiT.dull andde- The latest advices from Columbia, S. C, state thatthe preachers generally throughout the Statetheir Thanksgiving sermons considerably with seces-Savannah andstraUve than the citizens of South Carolina, but notof or eightSCHAUS' -OAU-EKT, No. tat Bro»dw»T—Thi BIUUA" FlOTVBB.Cni-exceptioa to ttie timem £tX—TBB TBHBTAnOB ABB THB KXBUUIOB.o» On. lanam.NMWS OF THB DAY-The additional suspensions which we have to re- port this morning are those of the two Banks in Trenton, NewJersey, the Pituburgh (Pa.) Bank,ofSakvu.Habsis480K8,inBaltunore. Belativeno such basis. By its position, as the special organ of thedifferaaBro«dw«y—ABA* abb CAHAIi-SnterH-No. aee—WHmofla'i Fbbb Oaubbtthat paperupon event succeeds so rapidly, and theGOUFIL'S OALLKBT, Xo.:graph, that every person who is accustomed at allto have molded the various branchesof the Italian family each into a separate peo- the coiiunns of the Berald what is going on from The Governor continues to receive offers of volun- to be hoped that this vrill afford the Northern States aaand the long-established private banking-house" rogatedfromwithin. TheGenoese,the Yan-dispatchesin the Heraldthe most inquisitiveate of West Point. His father was a Captain In thelieve, a determination to the nullifyto the secessKm movements, there is very little newof Italy,"capacityjudgethe Constitution steadily and remorselessly Alps to the Trinacrian Sea every form of au-and that is the read and believe it.who#(«Ska-lal|j_)| |mayupon which SouthofVirginiaandotherSouthernStates, that a Convention should be held for the papertotheproposition—nolens.Opealng apeettve tioket offloas.nl^t,Miiieitension,ifdesired. cliange, though alighUyto avoidof secession, and that immediately. Tlie peo;de ofA dispatch have beenmofthewni render it more willing obedience or ho- firmer. Produce of all kinds arepossible,_ _., "2rDemocracyhare indicated as the conse-intend tofand, ifIn South Carolina there is-^of the It has access to every of country. partthe Union, and is supposed to command the confidence of the general public.supposedto attend to passing occurrences', may know through"With theten citizens here, all are in &vor of^Thiner.from a system of evil wnich had becomefrom taken from one vessel at that port, and three from ano-ther at Femandina, Fla., and conveyed to parts un- cotmteracts all such assurances, and warnsknown. The refusal of South Carolina to assentof Savannah statesministration a fair and trial,thesailors. that sixit acts instead of their own apprehensions.its Batrespect of mankind, and it was his life's con- summate purpose to sweep down from theThe Prerident'B organ,determined that the excitement at the SouthTennessee npon it, sad onlywanwttkoataiieeuiiatan,!, iro-sospEKsi^nr^ ,_Shan not fl««are fined every dayTarions butweare told- circle,her*lo^uLangrythat the South has everfeared, all that thefound in the fact that the policy CarolinaandtheGulfStatesportion of that conmnmity are scandalizedConstitution,issympathy, and which they will defeat if ad- mittedcussing the matter in the Conrt-roonfpn Ifon-claimed one byspeaking confessedlyinto the new Convention. They intend day, and one of them asserted that respectableNegro Ballon in Soadieni Portathe Constitution rests"hereelection," says specificallywere dis-pro- in behalf of the Preaident elect." That this assertion is utterly untrue, no one who has— FmHier Bank Sospeniiong, Ice.Fltta- bor^, soaijended speeie payments to.day. Tke BaATaiTHBULL'g speech contained notliing what-— erer that could warrant any such inference,and it is only by the grossest and most wanton perrersions of Iiis language that any such in- terpretation can t>e put upon itNow what can be the motire for such a cooise on the part of the Constitution i IsOQB TEI.EQRAFHIC DISPATCHES.FROM BALTIHORE. Taanoa,rived in Bichmond on Wednesday from New-York, above all that the peace of the country should lems, could conceive of no other regen-is a point settled. Such was the understanding of the gambli» members of the Legislature in voting the Convention, city. The Treasurer's rei)ort shows that the earn- with the negroes, selling them liquor, and purchasing and such, unquestionably, is the will of the. people. ings of the road for the fiscal year, over and above the their stolen property. A gentleman here, who donttucky,Bepublicans tothat theto t3S9,000.«of a hun-at the continuance of friendly rela- tions between England and France, and maintained that the Emperor had faithfully observed the pro- gramme of peace he had laid down during his visit to London. Lord Palhers'(on, in returning thanks on behalf of BerHajesty'^ Ministers, spoke of the general projects of peace as being "at allDemocratic presses have resolved to neutral- ize all their efforts, and to blow into stillof the passionate South, Italy spoke thus tosession, at 10 o'clock. It is said that tlie reporting several impor-dorrejoicedin relation to the subject yesterday.Soothin the rulepro-Resolved, That the repeal of the laws contemplatedcontemplatedportion taryannually,making far exceed the salary.testiiponyThe evidence takenthat taken at the former session of the Commit- tee,tendstovindicatethepresentmanagementof disregardlikethe Park from the attacks of its enemies.The Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday oc- cupied the entire day in the trial of McGouQH and his wife for the murder of O'Eokee. James T. Beaut was assigned by the Court to defend thesamede-in reference to in the first resolution and the enactmentdaringdays,has And it thesuperaim«ated ministers, and the same amount to the Orphans' Home of the. Protestant Episcopal Church.protectionof the asserts the uulhfuiness of the re- idian, 2Ist,last sentence day the culprits, are taken to the whipping-.the last twoacquieseenceiJs actual travelingexpenses He is not possessed of the vetoprisoners. Up to a late hour the jury had not counsel vrith them after this great revolution."agreed. In the General Sessions, Ex Alderman There is something well worthy of attentionthe law provides adequate civil penalties;such assurances in the face of the constant and persevering misrepresentations of thetional action could be hoped for from any body of men less conservative than the cabinets of half-a-dozen small Italian powers would natu- rally be.ready throughAs the issue is notSome men with blue cockades were seen on the streets to-day.leading Democratic organs ?is not very easy to at the ballot-box.permittedThe " edict" has gone forthJakis McCoLLOCH, a prominent citizen of Peters-—Ed, Tikis.]the Eepublicans can give,th^ offer tehding to conciliation, everydictators of the. State, burgh,yesterday eveningIn that at citydeclaration of conservatism onthqthe la ContHtutiim,orgrant them their graciooa permission toMaiyland for laclc of fuel. Ita colomns SoDtbemxens of the nnivetae" by some other prooewprobably a lager-beersaloon, pure upon thdlr own basis, and in a evading the law by some of thebetween tlie BepubUcana andshapetosuitWhatisthe ex- extraordinary decree of ex-proprietors,they are nnsuccessfiil Hoodaywbea"LaJolve"wmbe will commence this moming, atthe re-bankIna of baaka, onlaaa the State SMcdn. Tbm^the identityAbolitionists.the red rag wliich it is just now flouting in the clnsion Tthemselrest of thisthatmeet with UtUe favor anu>ngthe pertbrmed,THE 8ECE88ieilth« Soafli—What Geor- gia Dtmandi of the Sorlli-^taid en FreeSenator Tbcmbull'sof the excited and South. "Alt It beandthe mass of the Germans.alXDJtN—L»OMi HI LioBUOliU—A Hxan- that Joamal fearful that the excitement of the ing practical object for which disunion isand intense anxiety to stir up to stillansame character as heretofore. As an indication of Constitution must ^now very well that it is fear Piedmont, and the Venetian seemed to haveeagergreater rage,to involve the whole land in their sweeping and remorselessfury? Whatinterestscanprompt keesNew-York volanteers to South Carolina is a as I can the Southern gradu- learn,fltimes which already threatenpeoplearemostincensed bv the personal liberty bills, Indicattng, as ttiey be-notice that the Federal Court, which was called to slon from Mr. Liacour after he has received the elec-who the im- appreciatesof the crisis and seeks the welfaretion of the citizens. Last week theW. the military company which visited New-York,Upon the Green montiment a banner hai placed, which bears the colonial ooat of arms—a is^ tie snake with head erect, aod tmdemeath the inscrip-of the country, has anxiously sought to ruins of all in the the Territories'. Betaliatory measures against — existing organizationsthe North, it seem*, have already commenced, allay these apprehensions, ^to conyince the Peninsula. His notion of a regenerated Italyand the first demonstrations made are against South that their fears were groundless, and to with beganFROM RICHMOND.inscrip- tion Southern Rights." A meeting was held in tltethethe free negroes who visit Southern ports in induce them at all events to give the new Ad- Government which deserved or received thedispatches.TheHeraldisawonderfulpaper. Thereisonly one thing in the world more wonderful,the South to put no faith in them. Does thatState,Union,The Richmonddrag Virginiasecea-^at theyevents satisfactory." He complimentM the Em- disunion, and prefer it to giving the Republi- appeal, than in those sections of Italy by pilotfamiliar with aarrowinent citizens.and cir- John GiAim, the reliable commercial Editor of the Ihia will be on a perfect war footing.of the French for the " he had can Administration a fair chancesagacity" — with thewhich were believed to be cuitous channels, the position of which commonlyThe Governor of the State remains in theand message,perordisplayed in cooperating with Her Majesty's country, or else that they have not theRichmond Whig, quotes Virginia sixes at eighty ;white Wheat at $] ii, and specie at five per cent daily engaged making uppremium. Monday idght,Exchangecity,States The Banks, yesterday, discounted to their dealers exposed to that interference. South Carolinasix or eight mlUions dollars, or double the amount is completely protected from itof paper jBatoxing at the close of the week. Moneyis coDaeqiMiltI][ easy to most of the merchants, tance, and by the fact that these veryGrandJury,acts. Uon of the stripes administered,and the pressure genmlStates Ue betweenan actpreventingbringingsuchthe to be a day of feasdng, but Sne of suDDlicatiOTf and prayer to the •Throne of Gr»rf on^Sif of the South. Business vriU be ei^ arely suspSd in Columbia, and Divine service heldmaterially mitigated. Stocks are higher, New-York Central "8i ¥" cent, at the close, anl this Share list generally quite buoy-paidtheir Sunday performancesFlour and Wheat were in felr reouest at ad- practical loss from that source.are in the clutches of the law.been crowded to its fullest capacity, but to-night,(Jov. Wise has offered his services to Gov. Gist, '°'rhe"'nomtoS»s for the Convention have beenCom was Jesa sought after andWhy, then,whether the weather isor not, it will un-Md in every case thevancedwas cheaper. Cotton waa & moderate demand atpropitious crammed to overflowing.Ol Southrequired by Virginia.mile in most of thewrongest khid of SecessioniststiptBts The ConvenUon wiU be a one-sided affair-prices.1In caseinquiijone on the im- way and dveitaelrlym.ined ^tSnmav be looked for. As fer as heard from, there win be 4v en Ei Governors in the XonvenUon be-?id« a ifrge number of persons who hav^e served.theprevailed forLit-of Abolitionists at Washington. The Southern States, however, willmfact,a law even withouthis He has not a sin- signature.soughtafterpressed.speechisplanationfinancially,fatal work?hensiTe that the rash adrocates of instant disunion may be induced to pause and waitfor the sake ofelement is excitement, turmoil, alarm and con-—fusion anythingMinisters,the business or peace of the community. But be anticipated from the popular brain andfinancial presiures of many years, and hasfor clearerIs the President'sdeal more of thismatter beFore the secession movement reach- from week night performances. Further thanof Mr. Likcoln'b policy, before plonging the country into the horrors of ciTil war? The Herald's incen- diarypolicywecanunderstand. Itlivesup-thei^evelopmentsto conduct their business in an man- as the proprietors are highly honorable men. orderlyon excitement. It tlirivesgeneralthreatening.by feeding baser passions and arousing the angty senti- menta of the community. It stimulates curi-!\|{he would have beena fool. possibilityofthesituationcreatedforItalyby finalwill be able to pay all theh depositors, andorgan appre-goodThe Union of the Italian People. Had any man ventured ten years since to predict the consolidation of Italian libertyprofitswill beadequatepublic mind asConfederation. He could not believeIn this matter the Convention not meets, practically,amountobtrude offensive opinions, nor meddle with otherreassure theto the conservative principles and purposes of sentiment of race and the practical recogni-Every promise—every suggestionwas married4 o'clock. The couple came over to Richmond the same evening to spend the honeymoon, and he was takenare scouted as delusive and insincerethe morning of the 10th, and Queenstown on the the Southern Disunionists are exhorted not to fiside all obstacles to the frank expression of of the election.The Cunard steamship Africa, from Liverpool on;secession leaders in nounced by the advanceFalmzbston and the Count de Persigst, deliver- ed on the 9th inst. at the Lord Mayor of London's grand civic entertainment. The Fiench Ambassa-Under such circumstances, the Republicans First in the Northern Duchies, then in the Power which is to spring into existence in the runaway from Kentucky. They deposited him in Committee were in session all last week, and ad-—self-appointed— :Gaeibalbi, the head, the heart, and the part of arm of the new Italy, saw all this differently. their most prominent and influential organs, .They believed in the Italian people, and restedchosen by the people, andto represent the people, have nothing to do— — MEBT THB GOVEEXOE'S UESSAOEm^^i^m ^^^«B»r, tfrnii w-4. m>-v^>^i-"i/vijpthe Confederacy,aftertheyshallharees-withdemonstrationsof tablisheditand expedients are xesorted to foruponGovernment, it is the leading political joamal trigues and ftom commercial rivalries, were intelligence is so quickly communicated by tele-werethus held to beof importance. Our advices partake of much the it to so reckless and so fatal a course ? The irreconcilable with their nearest neighbors of their in—the condition of sentiment in Georgia, a series of of the Bepublican administration, fear that it as little of natural sympathy with the Neapol-Washington that the Cabi- net had been dissolved, if the Herald had notmeet on Monday next, will not be held. He has alio notified tlie jurors snmmoned that their services wUl not be required.toral vote, would render some moreSavannah Is a beautiful town, and pasaiac along itaresolutions offered in the Legislature are telegraph- ed, which insist, as the condition of the State re-will prove hostile to their rights and regardlessitan as the Chinese has with the Sikh, or thePole with the Portuguese. Mazzini himself, that hero of the impracticable, hailed the pros-pect of Italian unity with enthusiasm, mainlybecause he saw no way to it save over theshadedbluff, would not youin the Union, upon the repeal of thoselaws in the Northern States, nnllifymg the FugitiveSlave law, and the enactment of laws by Congress,enabling Southern men to carry their Slaves into portancepublic meetiags >hff you see exhibitions of the real feeling and determina-maining—ern States to their present pitch of excitement.emnounced it inol their interests, Every Republicanthat has aroused the South-flaming dispatchesIt Is beUeved that the Banks ofcontinue specie payments. They desire to do so im- til an actual collision occurs with the Federal Gov-supposebyjfrom in- trangement resulting dynasticFlorida,It has beenpnrpoae of discussing calmly the question of se- pice of disunion ? Is it in favor of immediate race. lina was to deliberate on the question of se-desire tohurrythe South over theYou will doubtless hear many stories of otttrages committed here upon Nmtheni men. It should be borne in mind that the people are greatly excited, andheart. Centuries of alienation and es-writes thus tofixed and defined within bounds of local Maine to Florida at every important point, earlier Now, why should such a paper evince such tradition, and marked by local qualities of than the most inquisitive residents at the same placesopportunity to give such an expression of opinion aail to take such action as wUl satisfy the South that the North does not entertain any hostile feeling. As nearple,teers from all directions, bat hopes their services willcharacter so absolute and unconquerable thatno one could reasonably look to see them ab-conspiracy againstonlyItalianthority, so to reconstitute ^om the heights of theRomanCapitolanidealandabsoluteRe-Object of the South Cabolinaand upon them for the unity of Italy. To putare utterly powerless to allay the storm. The Central Legations, then in the far provincesStates, uponunion, will be exposed to one difficulty, the ab-of theCommittee have decided onthe wrath of the South- roaringsponseSardinia has theand ofthe completeequipmentgreaterfui^em States. We are driven to the!militiaof the State, so that by the time the Convention decides to take'* final leave of the United States, South Caro-conclusionpopularutterlymercial intercourse between the two countries, slightest faith in the reality and sincerity of impulses of liberty. Forty years of Bourbon sands. Even the steamers which ply- twicehis ftrmn^iGovernment in the great work of extending com-practicaland expressed a hope that while the commercial the disunion movement. treaty woul4 tend to cement still more closely theto take into consideration the rates of State p^)ers ever produced. His term of office ex- between Richmond and the North. The pires on the 10th of December, and already people areEngland and France, it would lend them^, lives to an enterprise which containedalliancehave the efiBpct uT inducing other crowned heads toA New Feature of Secession.betltve|BandWith a voice as ofmanyingpilotverylatestbeginning to talk as to who his successor will"sell, Mr. (•JtJMiONE and Lord Bbocgham, werethe secretjelemeins of peace." Lord John Rus-amon^ j^ofspeakers'of the evening. From unionists of South Carolina, scouts the Palermo for independence and for union. All largest tonnage and the deepest draft, a port sidering the hard times. ^.alsoItaly we receive the announcement that Gaeibal* scheme of a Southern Convention,—and isDi's Dictatojrsiup of the Two Sicilies had—THE CO.NDITIO.N.S UPON last-named gentleman, by many claimed to be the best-looking man in the State, is the possessor of a Qrincelj fortune, working plantattons not only In South Caro- lina, but in Louisiana and Mississippi, ^d is repre-terminated, the result of the peoples votes havingbeen officially communicated to Victor Emanuel conference with Virginia and other frontier ordeal of liberty. Italy enslaved through not at all likely to become a modern Tyre.^SEMIME.NTEOUTUby GABiBAtol and his Ministers, and an act of an- States on the subject of secession. Here is thirteen centuries, once more hails an Italian If, however, South Carolina lack theAjjecBTA, Ga., Friday, Nov. 23.But little of that sentiment regarded at the sented as being as liberal as he is handsome. Thenexation having been framed. Gakibalsi had left Naples for his Island home. There is said towhat it has to say apo^ that subject :" Virginia may now call, but the South will not an- swer. She is completely demoralized in the estima-King as the symbol and head of an Italian proper natural facilities, Georgia, Alabama,exist a menacing dissatisfaction Hungarian and German provinces of Austria.therace.and Misissippi, it is assumed, will be in her company, each possessing a coast line of her own. Mississippi has a shore line, but notoriously no seaport, and no chance to" conservatism isot Columbia boast that whenever Col. ALLaa is a member of the Legislature, he is sure to spendover Mr. Dotiai.A*..' The total vote of the StateSupreme CourtResolved, That the Interest and honor of Geor-gia demand the enactment by Congress of lawsthe obstruction to the introduction and tection in the Territories of all property recognized by the Constitution and decisions of the Supreme CoBrt.in the second are the only conditions which uponGeorgia can remain consistent with her rights and self-respect in the Union.Unless the apostlesand modation they reckon upon in England and MEASURES or BETALIATION AGAINST THE NORTn. never been known in South Carolina. The office offcr from 116,000. The weather con- tinued fine, and trade was steady.The Inveatigating Committee appointed at the last session of the Lenslature, to examine into ttie management of the Central Park, concluded theirwith the aid of lighters. Savannah has theonly requisitestown, approachable along twentytricate and difficult channel, and whoUy with- out harbor room for the entertainment of anand think that the choice of the Legislature will many de-fall either «.'.n him or on Senator Chissct, also aservedly popL'Iar of South Carolina Is The salary of the Governoronly $3,400, and h^ is compelled by law to visit everyof the State, and in person review the mili-will notvarythroughoutNorth asconservative" prevails in the Soith. Herepeopleand no Southernber are received, by the arrival of the Pony Ex- vindicating her rights and preserving h4r institutions, press at Sti Joseph last evening. The fuU returns wiruld go tnto a conference with fer. She has placed oftheStatehadbeenreceivedbytelegraphatSan theUnionabovetherightsandinstitutioosofthe Francisco, and indicate the success of Mr. Lincoln South, and will only seek a conference with the byji plurjJity of between one and two thousand Southern States in order to bring them down to theSuKDAT Teeatbxs.Courts have numerous cases on their calen-expressedAdvices from California to the 10th of Novem- tion of the Southintheirmidst andthis ;intent onlevel of her fatal Union policy. Virginia and the otherFrontier States as well at oncemay undtrstani their po-sition with the Cotton States. They are not expected to aid the Cotton States in protecting themselves andredeeming their liberties. They will practically aid the Northern States in attempting to obtain in theanbe believed when I tell you that Ids private ^lartmenta;State,notlessthan$10,000mayher sons. And with howa re- sence of seaports. South Carolina has no out-the mostdead to theshifts constantly with the shifting of theis inOur merchants will hold a meeting next which, report says, will be one of the most importanttheir counsel. They want no but ests are united in the Association formed for Conferencein a lessthe deptli of water, which is objected toboth Houses becomea .the C^Koention v>kich will assemble toframe the Con- MtittUion and complete the organization of a Southernthe avow^edofresisting Perhaps they mightto secede from theand conJtruct a Union amongst themselves, and vrill be glad to find Virginia and the other Border States Inac- complish their object, were the matter left solely with our Criminal Courts. But happily,gleConfederacy.They intendUnionon has been disposed of. Samuel Levy was convicted of re- there is some purpose at the bottom of this intervention of the higher Courts.lar who stole them. At General Term of the Su- movement,was ordered that the students of States" are not expected to sympathize; some-thing on which they are not considered reli-ceiving stolen goods, on th» testimony of the burg- secession with which the "Frontier In the cases of the Stadt and Volks Thea-were-forclbly taken, on the night of the 1 7th, from the it has yet to be declined.necessary fromNortherninterference.the otlier Frontier States are theSlavery andtheytobeallowednovoiceinthewrongs, ofwhich they suffer by far the heaviestLikdenmcller,theimmortalfounderofthe " German Shaker Association," after a sturdyofanemergency,andifnotSUSPENSION LEGALIZED IN NORTH oortant suteect before It-and speedyUStates, and resistanceJlt^?mem^rs thinkingamong them, assume the Juries, refuse contcmpiuously and 'ns'.'ltin^ly ti <tiagobefore an in-CAROLINA.RALxioa, N. C, Friday, Nov. 23.of But VirginiaWiNTEE Gabden.—remind th« public that Miss Cbablotti Cdsbhas'stent engagement,—one of the most successful but condemns the proceedings. Judge Pduam, In a .whites al weU as blacks,byher and the predicted;onlyand if the sentence is a «TM«pbst, the""b^a'Uin^cSei^b'eiin^gfugitiveGOV. WISE AND SOUTH CAROLINA. Noa?oiK, Va., Friday, Nov. 23.throwingoffice at his disposal, all vacancies In offices beine filled by the Legislature after having been reportedmagnificentNot even in staid and sagacioustant bills to theLegislature,all to a lookingthorougiilet save Charleston, and the harbor of Charles- instinct answered ton is within a bar, which forbids the approach are themselves either in favor of more clearly and gravely to the supreme of any but small vessels, and only those aidedjoinsimple.la-oEoaou, ABQo».A,Oa.,Th<oailay,l|--to reopen for themselves the African Slave- Germans had removed from the Tenth Wardandof Pittsburgh pays qieele on aU Its UabOltiet as it inissr.— trade,«l BANK SUSPENSION AT TRENTON, K.J.they know very well that not onepolicy for a single moment Virginia would Such a false and Impudent defence as that settoread tliat speech needa to be informed. Mr. of the Frontier States would countei»nce that those men, and that he should follovv them.nowConvention which framed the Constitution. own counftymen ahnost hs much asJ., Friday, Nor. a^ Tiafftfoppose itas as she did in the up by LnroEnreiLiR, is strenuouslyAnd in the%w;e of her hostility, backed as it would be by a majority of the Southern States, there woBll be great danger of its failure. And this would involve the defeat of the lead-.FINANCIAL MATTERS IN BOSTON. Boaioa, Fridar, Mav. m.es its consummation.nxT or aosTEEsv mem. SAVAjnrAa, Wednesday, Nov. 21, 18M.I have beoi in thia city long enough, I beliave,to ascertain the true feeling of the people. I hs*«gentlamen political opinions.the ment theAlliance, never diplomaticHolyquestionedaction of the Italian people,as a madman or Those who most keenly felt the im-There ia a* use in being longer deceived aa to the real ttata ef nubUc senthnent here in to aeoessian. isregardedhas shall have received theprobably their honorable intentions,It nnderataad. theconsequencesofdlsonioa..can possibly obtain from any other source." Thisisperfectlytrue. Indeed,butforthesenotbewanted. The officer who offered a regiment ofdespotism have not made blind the eyes, nor weekly between Northern ports and that tamed the hearts of Calabria and Naples, of city, never venture to enter without tak-who has thepresentgan of the most advanced section of the Dis- back the simple demand of the citizens of the exigencies trade require shipping of the The merchant> here are doing a good buiiuess, con-Sunday receiptsup;active commerce.but Savannah is an inland—OurCivilandCriminalin the resolutions offered in the Georgia Legislature by Mr. Babclat :the losses the income on that day beingpurpose the law.and over-escapetheinfluence of association with" Eventsion.Many Northern merchants are refusing credit tothe South Carolina merchants, even after they havesecedes,air.less reflective and determined.Washington,news purported to have been received, neverernment.—LAW EXECUTED TEE KAEKET8.Richmond, Vs., Friday, Nov. 23. That sterling independent paper, the Petersbnrgh Express, admlidsters a severe rebuke to the Charles- ton Hfercury to-day for its abusive article on ourraised a flag from their armory, the " bearingheard of thethinguntil he read thepublished ^THE CHARLESTON —HILITABT OBQANIZINQ——preci- public a new bottle for the old wine of his ject of the State Convention of South Caro- Convention.ing In the States I have named is in fovor of sion. ItissurelysoinGeorgia.cesmon, la severely commented uppn by the Vir-ginia journals. The opinion Stems to tie gainingground that t£« South Carolinians are altogether repel such an imputation. But we know no Italy were hardly less diffident of the Italian after full examination, deem advisable. The armed with double-barreled guns, five-shooters and tedand unconditional secession ?It affects toMore rational, just and patient friends of cession, and take such action as it might,pany of men about organlziiig at Richmond, to \x allowance should be made if excesses were camodt-too fast in their proposal to drag all the Slave other way of explaining the incendiary policy race and its capacity. The Emperor of the,-themselves their own — upon fcy indiscretians,orbydi-rect tampering with the slaves. In the case of aStates ^ter, them vfhether they are inclined togo or not. A significant commentary upon theoutcry against the North for refusing to enforcethe provisions of the Fugitive Slave Law, may sympathy with disunion, and who desire annihilation of all her most perplexing prob- be found in the fcct that two Deputy Marshals ar-having in their custody a runaway from Ken- be preserved, are constantly calling upon the erated Italy than the Italy of his Italianwhom they took measures to de-livertohismaster. AdbpatchfromNorfolkstatesthat Gov. Wis* has offered his services to Gov.Gist, of South CaroUna, in case they are not want- the Bepublican Party. Of what avail are tion of the value of tinted and efficient na- ed by Virginia* Some people may consider this anindication that the report relative to his insanitywas very near the truth. From South Carolina,we have a reiteration nL the assertion that a prom-inent militar^man has (offered the services of him-self and his command to Gov. Gist, in case anyfighting is to be done. The name is not given, butthe inmvidnal may be sufficiently indicated by the pledge of their elected President and everystatement that he is a distinguished graduate ofWest Point, and that his father has been a Captainin the United States Army.11th, arrivtS at Sthis port yesterday. Her advices desist for a moment from their work, on ac- the popular will was their simple policy for —are two days later. The most important feature A Port in a Stokm. The great comitiercial New-York, having custody of a fugitive slave, a ing of the Legislature on Monday next. The Military^ / inthenewswillbefoundinthespeechesofLord covmtofanyhopestheymayholdout. thereconstrectionoftheirnationalhousehold.which it has seen fit to adopt. French to whose clear bead and himself, reso-hension. Itsaysataminute'sThe conservative Democrats, who have no lute heart Europe owes to-day the progressive"The secession o^South Carolina in the shortest'armory,the speeches favoring secession werecredulityof thepeople" Don't tread onrights and tt>e equality of tiie States.""Cosvention. generallysupposedthattheob-:todefendtheThe stockholders of the Virginia Central Railroad,,smcuortB. ilZ~. the Charleston ba^toand insults our people.The upshot of this agitation is likely to bethe clearing out of a dozen lager-beer theatresand concert-saloons ; the utter suppression of The old-establshed private banking honse of In relation to the finandafpreaanie, demoralising Sunday amusements, and the Haakis & Soirs suspended tOKlay, In consequence of ODB OWN OORSBSPONBBNOE.man theatres, whosedepreciated stocks. This house has withstood thealways FRO^ GEOROIA.regarded with the fullest confidence at home and STATS OV PUBUO nXUMO TS OEOSOIA—(SaAT-beenaccomplishedwiser for the of the North to peopleofus—"Shakers" andPeefectlt Tbue.—A Herald correspondentCourtmage than the body of German citizens amongUkelydisgust hisit offends, *^FAILUU or AN OLD-ESUiBLIBHXD BAVKnO HOUSI—THI nONBT AND PBODVOI ICARUTS— LATEST AnVICie rBOM SOITTH CAROLINA.outsmallamoontstobusinessmeninlb*d^'very And when the actis universally believed theyfreely entertUned diverseAppeals, nonefrom the confidence felt in they vriU be able to obtain anregardsettledtothelastcent.States throni^thefrdelegatedConv^ptlons,andIt iaFogltivaSlave law. A repeal of these laws woold do more than forever the events reported to have occurred under The ITnited States Marshal at Columbia has given anything else to conciliate feeUng here. An ezpraa-residentsneverwouldlearnone-tenth of UnitedStatesArmy. partvery poses. Nobodywould have known to this,dayhopeful.streets, and, by the coonting rooms on theand made it the subject of a leading article. Indeed, we venture to say that the Herald's own cor- respondent at from whom thethatthere was any on-and to threateningBAimtoaa, Friday, Nov. 21.A meeting of Bank offieeA is iMinghald to-do-MIRCUBY'SOF VIBGINIAand vociferously cheered.from Philadelphia, who was sent off last week, he liad time practicable after the meeting of the Convention Company are holding their annual meeting in this been repeatedly warned, but persisted infrom theCount Cavour, Victoe Emanuel, and that South Carolina must secede and thedeliberate,adred Minute Men have been organized.and is sure to receive thewhere^ attention and tioa-pitality of the citizens of Savannah.[It is only proper for us to add that the above letteris from a Northern gentleman, whose statements and opinions are entitled to special confidence aad re-spect.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.A COMPAEATIVE CALM IK TEE BICBS8I0K MOTE-delegatessupposedsick suddenly at the supper-tableat the SpottswoodWHO WtLI. BE THE NEXT COVEBJiOR—EARITT OF CBIME.but toCoLC^iA, S. C, Tuesday, Nov. 20, 1880. The secession excitement has pretty mnch<]nietedCottonthe consummation of dis- jail, and telegraphed to his master to come for hira. journed on Saturday to meet on Monday next, the firsta"register the edict," which was pro-11House, and died at 3< o'clock thenight. Thefect, though Charleston and Mobile.degree,; power Ina bill passed b)but to act. It will but edict register ,anexpenses,In Prince Edward'speople's business,istreated as gentlemen are every-towhich the real, actual people will have pronounced al-the ballot-box."to be see how it can bemade, decided,aboard aThe Charleston Mercuri;, which is the or- waters the mountaineers of the Abxuzzi echo advices from the bottdm. In these days; when tlie state of affairs in the commercial world. There are several prominent gentlemen named forSicilyApulia.North elected Liscoln, and theytiiink it to blame forbe.•the position, among whom are Senator CBiainrt,Hon. BxNJAMin J, Joarrso^, Col. Wilson and, though last, by no means least, Hon. Jos. DnircAir Aixxa, at present a prominent member of the State Senate. 'Thewhere at low water, vessels drawing nu more formally particularly indignant at the idea of going into disappear in the presence of the nation's tlian eleven feet can alone find admission, islocal differencessubside, all local passionsFROM GEORGIA.of the newcreed at the South expect the spirit of accom-ports, andits dis- other suits for violating the Theatre license The entertainments are of a liberal and varied kind charge to the;The refusal to returnant. Exchaage on England 100® 102 for Merchant, is urged as the reason. But these very fron- small concerns have given up the business Miss PowixL, will appear. Throughout her long en-and 103® 104 for ^keri' bUls. tier States are the only ones that suffer any altogether, lest they should find themselves gagement, with scarcely an exception, the house hasdanger.slaves;and some otherand the*'Rendezvous," in which the young debutante,State It is not designedMisslaw are pending to be "Gov G»t atthe parties haye taken out being, first. Cdbhmah's great personation of Mfg'''FlmoSow?.'Sie"rr';pVted byof faiSng, huiuillaUon and prayer througltom;and for licenses, and have abandoned Merrilies, followed by the new Comedietta, Aredress ofit that the Gulf of Police authorities and Grand tle Treasure," or, in other words, the little, dear,previous rates. A less activeProvisions, Hay, Hops, Sugara, Molasses, Bice, weight ? WhyTallow and Tobacco. Raisins, Hemp, Metals, Na- South Carolina chief*" Stores, Fish, Candles, Beeswax, Coffee, Spices,and Whalebone were quiet. Whisky was dearer, exclusive control of this disunion movement, junction order of the Supreme Court and has have made this establishment so famous, will asdstin iae freight engj-gements were ;ess extensive.succumbed a month relinquished h'? thentricals altogetherplump favorite of the public. Miss Mary Ga!i.no!i, takes her benefit. All the members of the Company, who;drawins capitalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to theTreas'irysuspenslorof theNorthandon this occi.'loi.TheCarolina Batiks was Stateif belli Houses of Cong-e^'im^Z FOP. \.Untitled DocumentIt isto pre-to-night.The sessions of the Criminal Courts generallybeWallace's.—At this Theatre, to-night, theCarolina,Dlrtricl^, havebeennutonthedoubtedly"miles of in-removingcommercialvacant by the Committee on Vacant Offices ;people boast tbat such a thing as a de&lcatlon haswill do well tothe par- capital want. Two or three millions of money bark S. W. Bridge.'ot Cumberland Island, and werethey$200 and $260 to remove the Charleston bar would be a trifleThe peculiar criminal laws of the State render crimeof rare occurrence. Where the of theft is penaltygiveattentionto tjiis •'scarcelynecessaryNorthern vessels Lesson of the Heart," with " The Loan of a Lover," crews entermg Florida ports.itResolved, That the interest and honor of Georgia in Columbia emb^ce tn-o adjoining mansions, and create one. Alabama has Mobile, where the demand a repeal by the Northern States of the laws ob- that he kbeps a regular caterer in Ciiaiiestoii, whose day theatricals. As they come to trial the wafer on the bar is chronically so low as to structing the rendition of fugitives, because the laws only duty is to supply his table with the delicacies of motive for resistance becomes apparent in require all large vessels to load and unload are unconstitutional, and have been so decided by the the seaeon. The Colonel is immensely popular here,dars under the recent act arisingSun-the fact that the German theatres on dependtheirof the week—equal to that of all the other days. The lager- beer interest is involved in the same measure inperpetuatingtheabuse. Thesetwointer-to makeagainstCountycompanysamepapers that wUl aimounce ids marriage to-morrowSouthCarolinawillusual excitement It is in onlyABUSETHE FUGITIVE SLAVEout of the volens, without^st holding a SouthernDispatchlearns that there is a com-but id the cases ofCharleston Mercury corrects this misappre- bowie knives, to be ready for the call of the Governor has been inflicted here, the subjects liave brought itwarning,rightsofTirginia.spiced •but theywill annoimce his death also.Two Deputy Marshals arrived here yestereay from down, and every one is patiently awaiting the meet-Now this looks as though New-York was Intent on day doing juttice to the South.The citizens of Weston, Lewis County, will have agrandmassmeetingonthe10thofDecember. The organizationcall, publlfhed in the Herald, is signed by thirty ovom-OP THEWHICH GEORGIA WILL REKAIS IN THE UNION.OUTRAGES UPON FREE NEGROES.yet theGovernor Is never sought after, but is liestowed by theLegislature, both branches la Convention, on someson of the State and It in- distinguished ; althonghsubstitution of schooners and cock-boats, generally discredited, that six free negroes, seamen, volves a considerable pecuniary loss to its possessor,the whole system of dramatic performances France, to extend to the disuse of the capa- SAVAniAB, Friday, Nov. :i3.Wilson was fined six cents for an assault and bat-tery, and several cases of minor importance were in this extraordinary language. It proves that Sunday already suppressed by the cious vessels which profit requires, and the It has been rumored here for several days, butpreme Court, ittres, injunction orders were violated ties were arrested and fined;Columbia Law — — College SchoolIt is also rumored that threefreeWingold, were taken from Femandina jail,moved to parts unknown. The Femandina East Flor-also of the versity beadmittedtopracticeuponthefilingef the remititur in the case of each Institution. In the Surrogate's Court the will of Thomas Spot-not afterwards heard of.What is it? TEH was admitted, giving a benefice of $100 to was for theinjunction made perpet-of secession. ABnaementa.negroportionUni-there will, of no Penitentiary while every district has its jaU.the most of them are said to be untenanted.able.Hitherto it has been urged that disunionto thepatriotismfor contempt and theual. On an appeal to the General "^erm ofthe Supreme Court the constitutionality of thelaw,aspronouncedbyJudgeBonnet,wasaffirmed. In another case. Judge Hoitman hasdecided the law to be constitutional. Five she has ever played,—will terminatesailors, aof the crew of the brigwbipplng-postattributes the cause to retaliatory measures,but a few daysand ondenounced theseThe editor says it is probable the Legislature will passand re-nmmiGov. Baawa wOl nt* nj UwIt iaianuDora also tbat ooe or more ofhave anipended, as well a* a large aaoesnotglvea. Thisneedsooniimatiati.The Banks of this the old Bank of city, exaeptN.Both Trenton Banks have snqieaded.seceasion,and manner. If South Carolinais no doubt that GeorgU, Alabamathen and Hia- stssippi will secede with her. It is probable that South Carolina will await the action of the otherme," and above it,I have no hesitation in saying that the present feel-tion,Southeraeither thecourse, be but few thieves.or or State Prison of any kindhanging, There isgentleman.and ;Republican Bluea ,summary punishment wUcbbeea www.fultonhistory.com 