 10- 'Hi NEW YORK HERkLD, TTTTTRgDAY, APRIL 12, 1860.-TMPUSEwi mt m nm CAPITAL raved that Ma sgearnlasjaal aider the drcumstaaoea will I omaltete the cttiwsa ef New York.There hat b a n oonMarshto sajnefty maa»r«ted ucorg FtasputtafaaAdjournment—TtoethegridiroBfere»toregardtotheactio*oftheGovernorpraierty.aadall t r * ».«.«.«, duties and shite. ;**** Ja* CWrnnatoasr , rf Ea.tjr.Ucn to retard to <*»*+ ttatorany oth* / quar attics catobBabment, W omeern,SC. Reiitlve to cutting toe on Hudson river. Jl. Relative to jail of Alleghany oaaat^S3. Conferring certain powers oiPier of ResMclsrr county.13. Pelatlve to workhouse to Monroe county.160. To Incorporate the People'g Lute he* s county.161. To release the Interest af fas State in Ianda ac- quired by escheat to Joseph Prate, Swkaiwtou called Jo- letb Prievo.POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.awswsmawnnmamsswtomainamanaAaontoB Caxnaum ton MATTTSDO*.—Dr. Bows, wht-ran away from Boston, oa eatertetotog a sarptotoa thai the Senate Harrer's Ferry;tettiers wharves, warehouse amass, buildlnga and othnr Structures aeeeiFary aad proper tor a permannnt Qwato; tine establiffcrnent, the plsxs thereof to be approved ay the Lieutenant Governor, Comptroller and Stae TMgm«»»rlaw. To provide for the survey aad settlement of the £2. To apply proceeds of Sate tax for the support of boundary fine between Ihe States of New York and ConA CAinoaau F L M .Etrali, ofMareh8,hoitstbefutonRagatto and inscribes upon it theof South Carolina, for!Vice PresidentTaa Qtumos Acta (black republican) hasSomebody la the snares, IImation that Urn CtonTtontoMnomination problem is solved, sad that Douglas aad Orf are to be tbe democratic enadhlstos tor fianttu ant Vice PresidentOFT ron duRixsro* —The aTtoaaaota Democrs+ic Kstioaal Convention ware laovi sncui. xLBAjnr uwrATCH. Ai**aY, iprU U,tM0.o( the ieftalattve amchtee are san to rapid sui the tolls, with *> proapeet of stop of .day*. To-Blgbt stoma the oae huaof the Cny dtombexlata to aot yet stoned.I I W Y O S K UBWISI.A TVRK.bn HWTM?** b 'Goverior, CcaptreUer, .Btato fagtoeer, 0- a mato- arrow ftoyogs Lake at Cayoga Bridge. *WILL Omcrsxh.—Tbe drmocratte _lya and Williamsburg and the town of Boaawtok into oae held to Philadelphia oa 8atnrCsy evening last wasweald packing up their the hat or htns sow numbering about I a large number yet to be reported on the Itot of third ; bUh, at the rate they hare been going on for thethe Governor to transmit such laws acd documents ts he thkksproper to other States was adopted.The bUl to widen Bashwtok avenue, Brooklyn, was reported eemptoto.ThsAsirmbly bill to repeal the act of 1861, abolnhiog tells mt railroads, was made the special order far eight o'clock the evening.The following bills worn passed :—prcvide aad fnrbkh the same wtih all needed and proper furniture, fixtures, conveniences and appurVnences «e- eeteary Jtod to carry en the business of qua'anttoe. But the expenditure for the purpose mentioned in this sec- tion shall ict exceed the n m hereby appr^toted^aad tor tuck or other purrows thttQiiaranttoa C 'aomiasloBera msy associate with themselves a medical adviser as they may deem proper. The saidj fjommnsioBers shaU each be paid the sum of five dollars a day for en n day s n e - tual service rendered, together or with ail their official expenses out of any moneys that may come to theirhands.Sec. 4. Should the said Cowml>iorera reqitre any realettitefcrthe location, erection and maintaniog of the Qoasantine establishment, or for &ny of the purpose* of this act, and be unable for any reason to agree with the owner thereof for its rurchase, they will have the right to acquire title to such real estate in the same manner aad by the Hke special proceedings as are authorized and pro vtfed for obtaining title to real estate required for tic purpose of a railroad corporation under the fourteenth section or the act entitled "An act to authmtee the formation of railroad corporations, and to regulate the same," passed April.2.1860, and the other section* of mid set relstive thereto, snd any act or, acts amendatorytherecf, or to addition thereto, and for that purpose all such scto shall be considered as applicable to tie said Quarantine Commissioners. In like manner as If they Were named therein, and such modifications may be made in the formal part of the proceedings. In order to apply the r t n o to the said Commissioners, and invest them with aU the rights aao powers therein conferred on railroad cor poiatiot s instead of a railroad corporation, as shall be ap- proved by the Supreme Court, and the said Court may make such orders and regulations as to the mole and manner of ccsnouctir g the proceedings, and all things re- lative thereto, so as to efleetnate and make the same valid, acquiring title to>uch real estate, as to the said Court may seem proper, and the said Court msy, on sufficient cause shown, snd on proor of payment, or tender of the amount to be paid for any such real estate, to such manner as may have been required by the raid Court, issue sum- mary process, to luch form as may be deemed proper, to the sheriff or the proper county, commanding him, with- out delay, to put the said Commissioners in the possession of sucb real estate, and to enforce such process in such manner as may be conformable to law.Sec. 6. The pb)sician of the Marine Hospital shall select snd appoint such acd as many assistant physicians, nurses, orderlies acd other employes of the Marine Hos pita!, or hospitals used for quarantine purposes, as may be foond necessary for the care and management of tbe saidhospitalorhospitals,andtbepropertreatmentorthe Inmates thereof, and suspend or remove the same at plea- sure. Tbe salaries of tbe pbyck-ian and the assistant phy- sicians of the Marine Hospital, or hospitals used or con. 8tructed for Quarantine Commissioners, and tbe compen-ter»ewn.25. To amend the charter of Dunkirk.S0. Relative to compensation of Crier of Conn in Oneidacounty.27 To facilitate the completion ot the Hudson River andLake Ontario Railroad. „ 38 Toamend an act entitled an act to incorporate thetiustef s of the Clarkaoa High School, A c36. To compel the attendance of witnesses before Com-mon a i ncils of cities, and to punish false swearing by such wi ni fses. . « _ - ,40. To extend the time for tbe completion of the Buffalo, Brsoford and Pittsburg Railroad.41. To authorize the Board of Supervisors of Oneida v m ty to levy a tax for the purpose of building a poor house In the tbe town of Rome.42 To amend an act entitled " An act to incorporatethe BtoghamtoaWater Works Company, panned.April II, 1 a, f **43" AB act releasing all the right, title and Interest of the Btato of New York to aad to certain lands situated to tbe Twelfth ward of the city of New York, conveyed by Daniel Lord, of raid city, counsellor at law, upon sales in ce tain acta of foreclosure Instituted by James Watt, Jr.44. An act relating to tne city of Rochester and to amend the charter thereof.46 An set to smend an act entitled "An act for the bet- ter regulation of the firemen of the city of New York."46. An act to provide for the rebailtog of locks on the Oneida Lake Canal.47. An act to authorize the Common Council of the city of Bi flaio to apply certain moneys to the reconstruction of the iron bridge over Peacock slip to mid city, and to pro- vide for advertising to a German paper.48. An act to authorize the National Bank of Albany to reduce its capital stock.49. An set to corporate the Athenaeum Association to tbe city ot New York.60. An act to amend an act to pro ride for bnllding and repairing bridges in the town of Greene, to the county of Chenango, and to defray the expenses thereof by taxation.61. An act to authorize the trustees of Columbia College, to tbe city of New York, to take and hold certain real estate.52. An act In relation to the compensation of the county -treasurer in the county of Albany.* 68 An act to incorporate Phoenix Hook and IalderCompany No. 1, at Chateaugay Four Corners, Franklin county.64. An set for tbe preservation of fish to Hemlock lake acd tbe outlet thereof, lying within the counties of Liv- ingstonandOntario,andorCrookedlake,lyingwithinthe counties of Steuben and Yates.66. AB act to divide the town of Stuyvesant, to Colum- bia county, toto two election districts.66. An act to erect a new town from tin town of Catha rtoe, to Schuyler county, to be called Montour.161. To provide for taking testimony to be used in cer- tain cases.162. For tbe reBef of Peter Murray.168. To amend the act authorizing tbe tocorporntion of rural oematry assortsttniw164. Authorizing Jan. Doig to take, bold, aad convey real estate.166. Autborizirg the Bale of lands devised by Samuel Noreworthy, dcoeaned.166. To incorporate the Citizens' Savings Bank of the Cny cf New York.167. In relation to preferred caunes to the Supreme Court and Court of Appeals.thirdreading,i tars, will toko them at toast oae week longer, mad toes they will adjourn, without reaching a score or which * ill he ordered to a third reading.af sbem will ffhd their war thraogb oae house, an 1i raft to the other tor want of time. The scramble court bouse.; the esTeral parties to see WHO shall get their bills I oa the tort is realty Interesting. Many of them are mat BWWbecoming eoavinced that they bare not made •heir election sure, sad that whilo "many are called, bat'sw axe chosen. 'The lobby a growing day by day more rampant, aatrat the rata they have been going on for the last two days, some of them will ha food subjects for the insane Asylum.To smend the net to facilitate the collection of debts agalnet corporations.To compel better attendance at offices of county clerks and clerks of courts of record.To extend York street, Brooklyn.The enaettog clause was stricken out of the bill to pro- vide lor the improvement of the East river.The first part of the report of the Commissioners of the Code/wan presented Its lucid condensation of statutes was highly commended by the Senate.160. Authorizing the Board of Supervisors of the countyof Westchester to purchase the Bapelyea or Pelham 9th tost., en route tor Charleston bridge.The lollowmg bilto were passed:—ttey at* dairy prowtog mere aad mora thin skinned and To smend the charter of the Hebrew Benevolent Society169. Relative to the village of Cherry valley.170. Relative to the Rensselaer County agricultural so- ciety.171. To incorporate tbe Corning Savings Bank.172. To incorporate tbe Westfleid Oaa Company. 178.'In relation to proceedings to compel the deter-ruination of claims to real property te certain cases.174. To 1« galize certain notices and other advertisementsMinBicBTsarm Dsxatutn TOCmcuoo -It to that about one half of thecago prefer Seward, aad the other half are for 1A PAXtoiuPH ten BUCK BBTBUCAJBI.—Tbe New 0*. leans JfeBdta* says:—We fling down feartossfjs, a'ike to the furious abolitionist and to the•mister tinder the ventiiatioa of their various projects- they, however, continue to work upon their several Jobs Bight and day, leaving BOstone an-, to accomplish their ends.The railroad forces are exceedingly uneasy this morntog to regard to the action of the Governor upon the grMireaa, ai>d are exoeedin gty fearful that the Governor will place hto foot upon them, after all their trials and a*xiety to getting them through the Lsgtototare. You amy be prepared to hoar any ktad of news from theidurtog the next three or four days; but let noI turtle yon, tor If one peal of thunder rolls uponYork, ha assured that it h only oae of a dozenwUl surety follow before the storm passes over.II may, perhaps, ha blown over by the shifting of thew i s e , a s s rant some other locality instead of Albany,but at present the indications are that the clouds willempty their contents upon this locality. Such would seemof New York.Relative to school libraries of New York.To extend the term of office of New York constables,andTo amend the charter of the Hebrew Cemetery Associa-tion of New York.mSIMG BK88ION.The bin to authorze the publication of the revised sta-tutes was told OBthe table.The bill exempting certain properly of physicians andsurgeons from levy and sale under execution was reported favorably.Mr Profftr'sbtn for enlsrgirg the locks oa the Erie and Oswego caaaato, by the application of sliding gates, wax taken up to the Committee of the Whole. After a de- bate progrrts wsa reported by a vote which Indicates that tie scheme to dead for the present session.The bill to aboliih capital punishment, except for trea- son and murder in the first degree, was taken up, bat the committee rose without making any progress.The Senate then took np the bill repealing the act of 1861 abolishing tolls on railroads.In Clyde.176. To release the interest or the State in certain landsof which William Cramford died seined,177. la relation to the Monroe Collegiatoe Itnbsetitcuotuen. ty of 178. To erect the town ofHamilton.amnion. v179. la relation to/the Morning Star Lodge of Odd Fel- lows.18a Constituting the Village of Monticello a leparato road dtotrict.not on the face of the earth a number of theequaling tbe number or stoves to ton S o t -compare fsvorshly witb tbe latter to respeet to the 4s. gree of civilisation which tbey exhibit Will say ens of those wbo talk so flippantly about what they know aa little take up the proposition ? Further, the free Stocks of the North are not superior, in any desirable smnttof of the head or heart, to aa equal umber of slaves to the South, B them are tbe grand results of the r "tutioa of the South, what do all the twaddle Irent mnfarenade, til temper and abase ef tbe itsmounttoT- If the peopto of the North amiaot have free blacks longer among them, aad a* msy art driven to the necessity of devwtag the meat atosj-d•nsSa, weii teasel ewei » O i £ twnoxijsi]Bn&BsV • l y t o J . ato be the result from the signi of the times to the lobbytow. morning. v Mr. BLOODmoved to amend by repealing the seventhThe bill mat passed the Senate, a few davs since, in re- gard to the custody and deposits of public moneys, and asattaateg m offlos the Qty Chamberlain, passed the AB sembtylitemainlag Thaiis thebillthat continuestheto the Shoe and Leather Bank. Mr Stout, the bertoto, I beltere,' * tooked upon to your olty a democrat, but the report was circulated to the thst morning, as coming directly from Weed, Mr. Stout had contributed the snug sum of fa.OtO to assist the republicans to carrying the Connecticut election. Atou that another large sum vas u> bo put up for the general election fund nextsection of the consolidation act restricting the Central road, to as to put the Central on the same footing with other roads in the State, under the general railroad law.Mr. K/MPAY opposed engrafting the amendment on this biM. Hewaspreparedtovotefor itasaseparatepropo sltion.Mr. HAMHONDfavored the amendment If the bill wasintroduced as a separate proposition, every person knowsacross the Hudson river.191. Relativetopatientsin the Rensselaer county lu- mootxtoveseber. This rumor has been to-day circu- Howe as having its origin in personal interests, and being197. Relative to school dtotrict No. 26 In the town of after considerable discussion, resolved aot to send dele*lated to the House under the statement that it name from Weed dirctiy. Whether it came from him ar aot, one thing Is certain—it secured the passage o( the bill to the Bouse, and only shows to what use tun leg* h a v e machine la put, aad goes to confirm some of mytotater MatrmeniBThe Nsw York city and county tax levy was passed byme Aaambly this morning, sod sent to the Senate with eat the $188,000 for Commissioners of Record to ft.A large number of other bills passed the House, but allThe Quarantine bill which was tost evening recommitted to ihs Ssiect Committee, for the purpose of amending, 1 b y Mr. V ermilyea, to accordance with the bat had been made between the contending The compromise haa out off Dr. Jerome, laboring so hard to accomplish his end,dictated by selfish, aod not patriotic motives. He was wil- ling to vote down the whole thing now. for he considered that it never should have been introduced at this late hour of the session, but he would support the amendment as jur-t and proper.Mtnrs.BxxxandRAMSAYspokeintavorofthebill,and attacked Mr. Hammond aa false to the pledges he made daring the canram.ALBANY, April 11-MUuJght amendment removing allpurposes without additional compensation therefor other than that allowed him as physician of tbe Marine Hos- pital.Sec. 6. The said Commissioners shall provide, carry on and maintain suitable accommodations and facilities Tor all sick and other persons subject to quarantine, and for the reception, safe keeping snd purification of all inltcted and other cargoes acd property subject to quarantine, and remove and dispose of the same as ordered by tbe Health Officer; also a suitable residents on land tor the Health Officer snd the physician of tbe Marine Hospital and a boarding station and establishment, together with the necessary facilities for boaroing vessels and for eommu- Dicatirtg with hospital structures on water. The said Commissioners sball send to the hospital or other places provided for their accommodation all tick and other per- soss, cargoes and property subject to quarantine as di- rected by the Health efflcer, and provide for their care and treatment, and for the interment of any who may die uncer quarantine; the mid hospital and places to be determined snd fixed by said Commissioners.Sec. 7. Tbe mid Quarantine Commlsstojsers xhan col- lect a reasonable compensation for the cans and treat- ment and safe keeping of all persons cargoes and pro- perty under and subject to quarantine, at a rate to bef0. To amend charter of city cf Ctlca.61. Relative to sidewalks along highways.62. Amendatory of Albany Police act.63 Making appropriations for the canal debt, and themaintenance of the canals tor the fiscal year commencing on tbe 1st of October, 1860.r 4 To amend an act entitled "An act concerning the pi- lots of the channel of the East River, commonly called Hi 11 Gate, passed April 16,1857.66. To amend the charter of the Long Island Railroad Company«6. Authorizing city of Troy to convey to the State a site for an armory.67. In relation to plank roads to Ulster county.68. Amending the charter of Cattskill village.69. To release the interest of the people of this State lacertain real estate held by Gabriel Rnmple, deceased, to St. Mary's Church of the Redemptionkm, of Buffalo.70. Authorizing and requiring School District No. 12, in the town and county of Niagara, to raise money by tax for sccocl purposes.71. To legalise the official acta of George A. Aldrich, an Justice of the Peace.72. To authorise appeals from judgments rendered by the Police Justice of the village of Corning.Lepsnder.198. To authorize the construction of a doable railroadtrack on the Rave nswood, Ballet avenue and Williamsburg turnpike.199. For more effectual protection of speckled or brook trout to the counties of Queens and Suffolk.200. Changing the boundaries of certain towns to the county ef Hamilton.201. To appoint commissioners for laying out that por- tion of the city aad couniy of New York lying north of 166th street, and to change the plan of streets and ave- nues in that part of ssid city lying between 126th and 141st streets, east of the Tenth avenae, and west of a fine fifty feet east of the old Kingsbridge road, and running parallel with said road.Literary Intelligence.The London Newt, to its review of Hawthorne's aew novel, "Transformation; or, the Romance of Monte Benl," expresses disappointment witb tbe work. The writernays:—Any one who compares this novel with "The House of the Seven Gables," or either of those we have mentioned ("The Scarlet letter" and "BBthodate Romance'), will,rat. 1 either to the Baltimore or the Ottoage OoayeaMea, but to swait tbe course of events. Tbe Convention then adjeuraed ever until June.Indian Outrages Ift Ar11For several weeks past the intelligence from MiddleArtecna tans been replete with accounts of bold outrages committed on tbe persons aad properties of tbe white dti- sens of that Territory by thieving bands of marauding Apache Indians, presenting a catalogue of crime with but tow parallels to our history. Bach hour adds to tha list oT crane, swelling the moamrbl account of the torn of property, or of some daring outrage committed, upon ton white inhabitants, till ail sense of security vaatohes.: Tbe state of hostility now existing betweea the Apaches, aad tbe peopto of Middle Arizona, a* aot early auppiemed by our federal government, wUl to time depopulate the richest snd fairest portion of that Territory.We subjoin sn account, copied from tbe Artsewtow, pob> lishod at Tucson, of the constant annoyances to which las white settlers are subject:—RF.CIKT DEPBjrBATTOKSLOn the mort'Eg of the 16th, Messrs. Page sad RUBBSMstarted for the mouth of a canon known as me Ptoov, distant about thirty fire miles from thto ptoos, where tor? were engaged in getting out lumber. Ttoaf WSHi lama panted by Mrs. Page, who was to delicate healte, aad aa toteresttog girt of tea years of age, tbe daughter of ar. Wm. Kirklend.endthepetand favorite of ail was knew her. It being their intention of making a saw msmtnes first be/ore the Senate Committee sad thenbefore the House Committee. Having failedto acoemphsh what be desires to before the Senate ComatoUee, he rolled tote the mm* bed with • Robert Chrystte, Grant, Hammond. Kelly. Aeteham. Lapham, Maaatorre, J.Jr., Dr. Thomson, the Lieutenant Governor, and the Com- mtosliiaiiii of Emigration, and the three have made a most holy albuaoe indeed, snd after a short travail brought forth a monstrosity which aasoatohed every one. The nhsld, however, eame very Bear dying, when it was founu that the trouble all lay with Dr. Jerome and the 1 ma tenant Governor. It was ascertained that they were the Jonahs to the boat, and they were thrown ovarbnard,and the Governor and Health Officer placed to their pent stow. In that eoadttion tns bill wsa this morning reported; baa, It reaasrmg anaatowae consent, the report was ob toe ted to snd the bill returned to the committeeM Murphy. Rcbertson, Bessions aad Bptopte.Before taking the vote on ordering the bill to a thirdrending, the Senate, at 13 o'clock, adjourned.Mr. Oonkltog spoke at some length, AM thought that an attempt toVermilyea said thatstands had been agreed upon byThe New York city tax levy came np on its final reading.Mr. WBBSTB (dem.) moved to recommit with instruc- tions to strike out the one hundred thousand dollars for old contracts.After a warm debate the motion wan toat aad the bU passed, 16 to 6.The following hills were passed :—To provide for a l1* mill tax for the support of me governmentTo repeal the act allowing the Centra! Railroad to charge Ave cents additional when a ticket was not pur ehased before entering a train.In relation to the colonial history of the State.To amend the General Manufacturers' Association law. To authorise the construction of a bridge across thethe Health Officer, and also for the interment of any who may die under quarantine. The balance of thto section fixes tbe salary of the several tilicors.Sec. 8. The anchorage ground lor vessels subject to quarantine on account or by reason of yellow fever, sball hereafter be la the lower bay of New York, below the Narrows, ard shall at all points be distant at least one and one half miles from any land of the State of New York; and thai!, by taid Commissioners ot Quarantine, from time te nme be designated by buoys to be anchored under tan direetfon of the Health Officer, at the expenseof the laid Commissioners; snd no vessel while subject to quarantine oa account or by reason of yellow fever, shall by any officer, for any cause whatever, be permit ted to anchor opposite the shore ot Staien Island, except as hereinbefore in thto section provided; and the anchor age grot nd for all other vessels shall, by the said Com- missioners, be designated by buoys to be anchored under tbe direction of the Health Officer, at the expense of the said Commissioners.Sec. 9. When the ssid Commissioners shall certify inwriUng to tbe Governor that they have provided accom-modntioLs for quarantine purposes, sufficient to answerany probable emergency of disease in the port of NewYork, and when the said Commission, or a majority oftbtm, tbail have certified in writing to the Attorney Gene-ral that full satiafaclkn has been made or all clsisoB anddemands against tbe county of Richmond for buildingsor property situated within tbe Quarantine enclosnre onState n IM&no, and held bj the Commies inters of Rnigr-a.tion in tr'•*! for the people of this State, or otherwise,which was destroved or injured by fire, or otherwise, on of tbe Central Park in the city of New York, and to pro- deavors to discover its drift or purpose. Almost everyofficers aad the parties holdingthe Stele for damage done to burning the buildings, and thought the bill just such a one as wouldphase all the dtiaens on Siateu Island, and could not in jars Nsw York.The report at that time being objected to, it could not ha received, snd a hud over until that order of bunness a reached78. To incorporate the Firemen's Benevolent Associationof Rochester, passed April 18,1887. Also, to amend an tame, and so unnatural, that a regard for the authors earer their work, tbey had started that Bsaratog with act entitled "An act to incorporate the Firemen's Bene- popularity, to my nothing of hto fame, would have tod any j erj thing necessary, and the following day were te buildThe City Ball bill passed the Senate, and will now come down to the Boose for Its action. This to the bill locating the Hall on Madtoon square, and has been engineered by McLeod Murphy.Nothing was dose this morning on the Almhouse bill. There to a strong party here against it, the leaders ofBILLS P ASSMVBelattve to the custodian of the public moneysTo authorize the continuance of East street, New York In relation to wills.A motion to reconsider the vote on the bill to extendtain 1 r< mlses to Jacob Blatodell, of Keeseville.(•3 To consolidate and amend the several acts relating to tbe village of Warsaw, and to enlarge the power of themodern French novelists. Tbe present translation is poor, deficient in ease and grace, and errs by over accu- racy.enouncing the biU, it would cause athe bill ait allThe Senate was also engaged all the morning on thirdreading of bills, a large portion of which were local. Tnehill to provide far bleating the rocks at Hell Gate, Eastriver, wan lott, at least for the present; there is no tellingwhen anything h finally disposed of to this Legietetnre. nify parties defrauded by the New Haven Railroad. Lost81 Authorizing tbe Commissioners of Highways of the town ol North Hempstead, Queens county, to regulate the hisbways in the Eleventh road district to said town.History of the Grandeur snd Downfall of Caesar Birotteau." has been lately published In London, anl to announced aa the first of a series, or translations of Balzac's, who to toncertain streets in New York and confirm the grants of which declare that it will never pass tne Senate. This lan<* under water, made in 1867, was lost, snd the billcapita! stock.86 For the construction, malntotoare and governmentmay ha the case, but I doubt their prediction.It la stated to day, by persons that are supposed to know, that eighteen thousand dollars were sent up here from New York to defeat the charter amendments andthe Sanitary bill, and that the money has all been used in defeating those two measures. It « said also that the storks to the Qty Inspector's and Street Departments were taxed fifty dollars per head tor this fanl. The BBoney ban bath spent, the bids defeated, aad no person who haa watched the movements of certain parties here tins winter will have to guess twice to ten where at least a portion of It baa gone. It m not a question thatfinally defeated.The Quarantine bill was reported by the committee.or abiut tie flitt or second davs of September, oat thou sand eight hunored and lit'ty-eighi. and all claims and de- mands of any Individual who had any property destroyed or injured at tbe time or to the place aloresaid,ar whovide additional means therefor.56 To repeal certain sections of the act entitled " A apsge exhibits faults of construction, errors of grammar, and a total inattention to tbe commonest rates for punctu- ation.""Italy to the Nineteenth Century," by Mr. Whiteside, M. P , is very iaVorably reviewed by the London press"Undercurrents Overlooked," by the author or "Flemish Interiors," "A Roman Catholic's views or England" and "The Peculium," a prize essay on tbe decline of Quaker- ism, are interesting only to those who take pleasure to religious controversy.needs maoh sagacity to determine. Some ot the parties and was dangerous in its provisions. It gave them have been so bold that he that runs may read. $fio <X 0 lor the present purposes of quarantine and emand for a public drive and promenade on same.1-3 io authorize tbe Supervisors of Richmond county to {ay certain claims agatost mid county, aad to provide"Travels to Peru and Mexico," by S S. Hill. Tbe LondonDanly Devt ssys:—We mint do Mr. Hill the justice of say-tog, en personal testimony tbe moat reliable, that all themain facts advanced to hfs two volumes are advanced sufferer. On the 16th 1be Finals made a visit to thtThe Insolvent Dsbteca' bill will certainly pasa this povu red ihcm to tell property to the value of ftoO.COO,Bouse. It has been log ro led into some other schemes aad the combination made to put It through. All who have any debts to collect had oetter commence at once. tor unless vetoed by the Governor this bill will become a tow. We are living in a fast age, in more senses thanThe Brooklyn Water bill, to which a great interest is felt by your Brooklyn neighbors, to undergoing all sorts nf ravtotona It baa this morning aesamed the shape of a removal of the Constructing Board with the Commission nrs and the letting cut of the contracts without advertising Th.s has been put to to favor Mr Welles, and only shows what the rapacious lobby think of this Legislature, who toinX that such a bill is as easy passed as any other. The iWitatia of Brooklyn had better move at once, or tbey willbeturnedupeicedownbythisbill andplacedunder the thumbs of a set of speculators.The lightning exprtas newspaper morning train on theHudson hrvsr Railroad is the means of laying upon ourbreakfast tablet New York morning papers. Thto enternrtoe to highly approved, aad enables the members of theLestototora, aa wan as all other business people generally,to read and digtst the latest mtelhgenae from all parte ofshe world hetoaa entering upon the active duties of theetoy. We andercamd that some of the other roada, runwith r-ar*ly any restrictions. He stated on the authority ef Mi Wted, that Hon. George W. Patterson would not a c c n t an effice under the bill. It was designed to plant Quarantine on Coney Island and would raise a rebellion of the peop'eMr Twignr raised a point of order, that as the report was improperly before the House, the Speaker has no rigi't to entertain it except b; unanimous consentThe report was therefore rejected for the presentMr. VARUM msde a majority report against the Senate bill fixing the rate of milk freight on the Erie aad Hark>m roads.Mefsrs. FLAGLKK sad EKKRICK presented a minority re port m favor of the bill.Meisrfl PALMIX and ODXIX opposed the majority report.Mr.PAIMIRarguedto show the immense trafficnow carried on in milk, and the injustice of farmers and dealers being eoorcpe'led to pay rates on milk four fold as high as on ar y other species of freight.Mr ODSILspoke at length against the majority reportThe majority report was d'sagreed to, and the bill was sent to (he Committee of the Whole.Several bills of local interest were passed—among them one to Incorporate the Gvmnaaisyn of Brooklyn, and the Y oung t i n ' s Association The Kings County Onurt H< usr b.ll came down from the Senate amended,acd as shall be approved by the Governor.damages.)01 To amend the charter of tbe village Penn Yan.96 Relative to publication of legal notices to Fulton andHamilten <"unties.s-6. Relative to Albion Plank Road Company.97. Kelative to school district in Ments, Ciy uga county. (<8. Amending charter of the village of Wilson, Niagarawith impartial exactitude and tbe utmost good faith. Those wbo hsve travelled in the independent States of South America, and wbo have .een brought te frequent contact with all grades of society in those States, are witnesses to the accuracy of all Mr. Hill's statement*."Corayda," and other Poems, by Ernest Jones. If we are to take the word of the London critic, these verses are as near poetry aa the moat artiaticnlly adorned ate- qnence can resemble ItTbe poet wbo of late has met with moat success to Mr. William Stigint, whose works are spoken of to the moat flattering manner by tbe London press.Tbe Coal Beds of anteWorld—Will Tbey L a s t l[From the Philadelphia Ledger, April 9.]That one hundred mil ions of tons have been taken annually out of the mines, with the certainty, Judging from tbe past, that tbe amount will be doubled and tre- bled, and still go 00 to Increase, as time and the world advances, to a startling fact to contemplate. The following i1 a table of the areas and solid contents of the coal fields In the principal countries of the world, as given by Prot. Regers in his "Description of the Coal Fielda of North America and Crest Britain," annexed to the "Government Survey of the Geology of Pennsylvania" .—rsneb, snd relieved him of seven bead of valuable horses; ote cow was also killedHEAVY BOBBKBY OF FTOCI AND ITB 1BCOVIHT. A party of Pinal Apaches vtolted the Aravaca rand, the property of the Sonora E&ploring and Mteteg Oasspv By. on tbe night of tbe 15th ub., and drove off thirty seat of stock that were graatog close to the works ef tosesa-peny. Tbe following morning, about tea oJetoca%*toy were pursued by Mr Hodman and three other Awaoeaas. Or the aigbt of the 17th, after a chase of over sixty aflat, tbe stock was overtaken, the Indtona having left tana snd escaped into the mountains. Twenty four send was recovered, tbe remaining six having been toaeea,seat unable to keep up.A MKDKVOC8 OF WMAK8. _^The Santo Crus and Soncite valleys are allvuwtth ftsai red rascals; and it is supposed the number living to as mountains te that vicinity, watching tor n cbaace » steal or some outrage to commit, to onauMmufeie everthree hencred. In the Santa Rim mountates • * * • « . " many as one hundred and fifty have been asea;sad.ecav tered as tbey sre over a large extent cf country, * to* deed diftoull to approximate with any accuracy as .0 they tine numbers.BAKCB rmgfFVm THUCWJOU M?A» OP THS DTHAJJS. Mr William Bsoon, who teteiy reived We family u. w ranch at the point of the nvjuxtato, distant some ter u t *ning west and north of this city, have, to an instancenr two, failed to oooneot, thereby depriving the anii, en motion of Mr. Cal!'o«t, it was referred to theTroy. To amend charter of Manufacturers' Bank of107. To authorise town of Pelham, Westchester county, to raise money by tax.118. To incorporate tbe German Leiderkraan of New Y ork.109 Relative to boundary fine between the towa of Wheatland, Niagara county, and towa of Caledonia. Iiv ixgttou county.llo. Town of Hempstead to elect five Assessors.Ill To ameno charter of College of Physicians andSur- geoi'8, New York.1)2. Kelative to boundary lines between towns of Co- ps 1:< and Ancram. Columbia county,HE. Creating additional efficers in town of Freehold.114. Authorizing Soutbfield, Richmond county, to pur- chase » site for a townbouse.116. lo alter commissioners' map of Brooklyn,lie". Appointing deputy inspectors of gas metres.117. To protect owners of mineral water bottles.118. Fcr encoursging tbe improvement of the breed ofdcmeiticBClmaJs.119. Briege over Erie Canal at Coboes.120 Relative to School District No. 12 to Shelby, OrTcsn? cor.nly121 To smend an act entitled "Aa act for the removalof obstructions from Harlem river, aad sor a free bridge ? r r , £ « " m e , " passed April 16,1818, as amended April 15, 1860.122. To cenfirm and make valid and effectual certain orninances of the Common Council of the city of New153. Isw Htlen124. To confirm locattoa of county buildings of Schuyler126. To smend charter of Bt. Stephen'a College.126. To alter boundary line of town of Fremont.127. Relative to Fire Department or Delhi.U8. To make Supervisors of Erie County salaried alone would meet the demand for 8,164 yean. If thto ef Seekmk. but west of bis We wm pssmd to t h n j ^1?•mSaa Sat del net3 at • at 4 SIt:1sito a\Iwestern and northera hundreds of thousands of people the receipt of that early intelligence anticipated. It to to bo hoped mat sucb an angomenta will speedily beB iM.kun delegates to repoit complete. Ere ssThe following bills were report* i utvorably —To niter the map of New Yorn re alive, to MadisonSquan mUes 0/ cool ores.196.660 > 7,6SO i 6,4O0\741! souore aula*.« u i a n we^w a # i Ufr<m placeTucson,has been obliged to retcrr«o htj a a>y the morning city papers will reachrespective destinations at the earliest practicable arcane.StatesMy tost despatch, containing five hundred Tc'legalise the acta of the New York Common Council i sent over the telegraph wires tost evening a relative to filling op certain tots.before twelve o'clock; it travelled one has vto)?urre8mS»I,rOprie,0r* " t *n e m € n t h0M*» to PTO and fifty mUaa oa the wins, was written out by the3,f€4jThe estimated quantities of coal in the principal coun-l«.ri«>£ CBA91K6 A HAW.One ef tbe eentlemea engaged to the eurvey ef the to-port ranch, while out buattog teteiy Bear the Chaos, wet obs» rved bv a party ef about story Aaacbes,, wbo tevm* diately made after ban. He had a bard ma of it: sutsy turning snd flrtee two shots, succeeded te eseaptog. J** stakes set out by tbe surveying party, to the server a the above ranch, have been pulled up to some ptoses tw miles, by tbelBdtans, wbo appear beat uasassyssass hinCs of mtochtof. The Indtona in that vicinity sre varyr, set up to type, printed and back here to the Albanians at half past seven this:three hundred mass In aboutThe Pro Rau Committee of the Assembly made a ma Jartty report agatost the bill recently panted the Senate tor n t o t e « - ^ n g a iMr. Heytor made n mtonrtty report in tover of the bi 1, and snstotaad hto report with a tow remarks.Mr. OdeO spoke at soma length to tovor of the mtoori-report, stating that it was a measure demanded by thei to hto locality, aad hoped that the majority re-be disagreed with aad the minority reporta wan a question that hto oonatituents warn against the Major, Aldermen and Commonalty ot the ciiyvested in than any other.»t»Yteton thought n saade but little diffrrence what—i would have to pay theof New York.In relation to the police and courts in the city of NewYork Adjonrnan.The Sew Quarantine Bill. ALBANY, April 11, MAO.The following Quarantine bin has been smuggled along6. lo authorize county clerks to enter caUsmctlon of ju.'gm. us iC certain rates.7. A>.itv,r z'ng ifce tntteets of School district No 12 in the tt»tt of Iticgtwsy snd Shelby, Orleans Santo to y rat-. D;*L»> by tax. WK !nrtlatientothepoothoueeandpauperstoDutchess 9. k relation to tLe fees of the a u n t y Treasurer in theimmediate apprehensions of a short supply of coal. ItThe•tog thtMS ptnvMtof tar to* aha ana or t»o hJUa toof the OBwego chair^ttnminorityreport ^^•wanuon the majoritymiXcfl.cers.*referred to lbs Ossntottse o ? S . w w S ^It profiles that the Itorln.^n^T'^. .,* *billctunty o< St Lawrence.T ^NH. ar the teflie repeal the act of 18*1Mr Blond r yred to aniens by an adatttonat ssevton ra-nwvmf all rsstncUors from the Central road in regard to tore,*. Nearly all the Senator! took part to the ,<to ewnaton. There Baalight chance af the two houses agrm-the mhos Chiiwaastosrrs, were swam toto office thto ashmen bytheSecretaryofBtoto. Thtosettlesthe- ^ . ^ o emend the set inocrporaCng the Youatt Lyceum of New Y « k . ^* T t * W » Pw quartant been injured to the hands of its friends It seems that white Dr. Jerome has been engaged before the Sen at. on oaa subject, he has beaa quietly at workDr Thomson tad others, preparing for this bin. AbiU wan ran through the Grinding Commrtte e, and refer d to the select committee. The select committee struck aliaftar the enacting clause, and inserted the bill as t now to upon the third rendtag to the Assembly, havmg been printed. Aa It now stands, witb » «* toe Commissioners of Emigration aad •* uommasKner, it looks aa the ugh therebgbtpBtoasBat to regard to Owrge toat chance at the ol 1 Quarantine. £f*JffW ,JehBP .C«mmtogB,andrn^St!*y J! C , *W n t *, d » ^ocr the ^ w t a a Ccmmwrioners. a Board1 St«.t\TheCam^^J^**" «•thevseaor.v.U Vattingarpropr-aiknB to pay the interest oa the ten i. i«t> oaw. and IO provide ,or the payment of the titatmgf«btrrtheMate. H-JUWBMi*un12 To conorm the incorporation fa* lory of ihe city cf Oswego.vide for proceedings therein.182. ToinciessefeesofciviljusticestodiyofHudson.183. To revive charter of Denhbmville. Oneida county. t J 8 4 Jl? r *9e f ^ bolders of bonds of Black River and Itca Railroad.must add tbe consideration that aew coal fields are broughttolight as exploration becomesmoreextensive and exactDr. Kordenskion, a karaed Flemish traveller, who has just returned frcm a rait to the arctic regions, announoes that he discovered anthracite coal as far north as Spits- bergen. One of the moat remarkable featorea of tbe coalJZ20*?Y o r koty.Mdhere u w i l thrm, hare come from WuhAJnComptMlrsad StateFngwrof»•»aie,o amajete-They are hereby an boriaed to pr cure tram26.VillageofAlbiontoraisemoneybytsz.86. For relief of Infant children of Sarah BoreeL27. AuthoriBBg agent and warden of Sag Sing prison toanrefcate certain toad.2» A menetog charter of Ogdensburg.29. providing for election of Police Justice to Hanover,Chautauquacounty. ^. __~* .SO Authorizing John Nostraad to establish a rerryinsurancecompanes.164. To amend the act incorporating the Atlantic BoskCompany.165. In relation to bale hay and hay scales.166. la relation to tan New York Agricultural College. 167. Relative 60 lands derated by Augustus Yan Cortland,deceased.168. To amend the act consolidating ftejDtttee ol[Btronfc-htowayhack,00tie7thtostdecision of tbe Sopreme Court efease or Ssxborn, be became eager tor the tyrdtm and resolved to quitacd return home.tv ii themTherewinhaw>daytxedtorndyaornmsatuntilbostonsar vetoee them bills. The bti. to extead the torn of office sgrced on,Allah Butler, or at hh mstigatioa, and" w ^ v snd'the United ^ " ^ ^ttwafbt »iil override all obj. cuons that toe Gorbrnor may have to th* bill.that It would never pars the house, for those who run themachnie there are rapid to their hatred to the Cen f ation of sucb nurses, orderlies and ether employes ahallnatic asylum.192. Authorizing tbe Common Council of Rochester toraise $10,000 for school purposes.193. To amend the charter of Poughkeepeto.194. Relative to the police of Albany.196. Belattve to tbe village of Vaiatia, Columbia county. 190. For tbe protection of fish to the several lakes to thetown of Freedom, Cattaraugus county.T as HALL SOB ran Cmeueo Oosrrmrnoa." Ground has been broken to Chicago for tbe sjrsat wtowam for am during the Republican Convention. It is to be completedwtthto thirty days, aad will contain room far 8,000 people,DBLAWABI ()m>8TtWB.—Tbe "people's'' party ef Baa-ware held a Stele Convention at rtovnr,aw»wwek;snitral rosd. He argued elaborately to show what toeettmable benefit the Central road been to the State, and denounced the spirt which animated the lower57. An act conferring additional powers and duties on Courts of Special Sessions to tbe county of Monroe.t i ere.A motion was made In the Senate to strike out this amendment, which wan tost by a vote of 13 to 16, as fol- lows:—A TSS-Memra Bell, Fiero, Goes. MeOraw, Montgomery, Monre. P. ¥ Murphy, Prosser, Bamsey, Richmond, Botch, Warner and WilUamaAfter a long debate,etr rlions on tare un the Central road was adopted, by a vote of 14 to 18.The bill was then reported to the Senate.NAYS—Messrs, A bell, Blood. Oolvte, Connolly. Gardiner,nouth of Crotrn river.Mr. FLAGLXR (rep.) moved to take from the table the82 To authorise tbe surviving trustees of the FirstWeak yaii Methodist church of Keesevillo, to convey cer- kDewn to Fngltoh and American readers than any of them< tion to reooneider the vote defeating the bill to indem-To establish the grade of Flatbush avenue, Brooklyn.tries, are as follows —BelgiumFranceBritish IslandsPennsylvanleGreat Apalacbian coal fields (thto nameto given to the bituminous coal field which extenCs through parte of Penn- sylvania Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee snd Virginia !consumption were doubled, via: 200,000,000 tons, tbe Great A)aiacbian field would meet the strata for 0,987 years. If it were quadrupled, vis : 400,000,000, the pro- ductive coal fielda of North America would suffice for theb U J 8Mto^,?ow^rnconThe following bills were passed :—Relative to the parochial fund of the Protestant loiscopal Church of the dtoseaa of New York. TM e ~ * M 1*MBCO To extend St. Felix street, tirooklvn.To authorise certain churches of Brooklyn to sell cam*tery lands.To reduce the capital stock of the Sa:ketta HarborRome snd New York Railroad.To fix the salary of the chief clerk in the Surrogate'«njwrmton shoot Wwtouuj acoer'iag the office. It to also ente,ach ,wiwto*iranddito«L i • S ^ * * * * •**" « • J ^ t i a l District tor the years 1 MO andW< W,iI giirt1 ewrese.Iowryea. fcc . *c He was ^ o«dsSt s v ^ ^ lb-harofWore*iterocm»y,er^f^r£^Verer*wr8 Super tot—aim. The tost that he repren*Bto the Mover the town af Canktoa. »i*a»twK. 1 2 ^ * ^ ? •*** 3«« i" •"• Aa act to pmvt.'e for the sppatotinent of "torthesfJU*4BM»tand fsjmsnt tScertaincla 30awaerairyaraceOdthnjajrKennedywillbethe«eoera! 4•beStateef >\w York;theformarSi*-?"p*°«>e ofentTM ^ "» "«<**«"jcffioe to New YorkRelative to the actions, legal proceedings and claim* spe ctor. ^ ^Missouri snd Arkansas BastoAll tbe productive coal fields of North729,000,000,0004,000,000,000,000"weeps sre needed, snd a vigorous campaign pursued BBW mete savages are brought under complete mbjaettmObftuury. ^ ^jrn.fij end * sstoeis, stallceasesad deterasmJ. *pTc.3.TheVjuarenttoeOimmtoSiOBers»**a J*0"??*-162.roamendsection22ofarticle2oftitle6ofchap163. Toamendtheactauthorizingtheformationoftown requirealt testimony, passed through14.ToauthoriseBoardofEducationSchoolDistrictNo.Btil to Eitead the Term mt Office af the upon the city raftroeda. It seems to be the impr^teiou of atw io.ah* r, H>, a Quarantine estabtobmeat, ^ • J " " 2, vTeet Farms, Westchester county, to raise money by ter 6of tbe third part of the lavtoadataate,>beatpe*>todtothesetter, that the Governor wilt Marrowa,*- be approved by the Lieutenant ^*TM*> taxtopurchasesiteaadbuildschool honaca.City Ch\anab«rlala-Tto.« Hu»r».uiie a*them, theeeryobjectionstoathave beenpre****A U W l tee «ity HaUl l U H T a l BUI P*»»-mte—The Charter A n t i d - Ue general pwvalrtog optotoa that more roads tie Ftate of New Jersey and the Saaltarjr Blll-Iatsolrcn* are Beaded, and that competition win regulate ton fire, toAtnurr, April 11, 1840.The eoscurreat resolution authorizing aad directing of tbe State, cr a majority of them, and they shall linoBecttcut,snd for the expenses thereof.190. Relative to the foreclosure and ante or the New'STw*To enthorite the Supervisors of Kings county to build a1the ml* to » • iwoaerty uaa* , ! r S * * •••'•yanen of m To ame-ed aa act paese d April 14th. lasn, ramies'tie«u.f,^fTi *i s* ''YorkaTenne, torttVafthem. cVtbe location or lands so pro (Ured they 31 To smend charter of Dutchess county Mutual Insu- municipal government (not signed, but become a tow by by eae Pre*ident, two bundred aad Tlan shall cause m be constructed, erected aad bo'* »Utkn rance Compary. „ . lapse of time.) _. . . . PremdeLts, aad oaa bundred and twobe fixed sad paid by the said Commissioners at a ratewhich fhall be reasonable for the character of the workdone. Tbe physician of tbe Marine Hospital shall diecharge tbe cuties of superintendent under said Commis- Town Auditors. sioners of tbe hospital or hospitals used for quarantinethly.AI3A5Y, April 11, 1800. from time to time fixed by them, with tbe approval of73. To authorize the ratotog of money by tax to thetowa or Westchester, county of Westchester, tor the pur we think, be strongly inclined to suspect that Mr. Haw-1 Ida3»>An t ctin- new bill to submitted, naming Geo W Patterson.John P. Cummings and Robert Christie, Jr., as commissioners to purchase a location for the Quarantine at SandyHock or elsewhere, subject to the approval of the Gover austa ned any damage by reason of the said tire, or in con f 7. For the relief of Luther Wright.nor , (Vmp'.reder and Attorney General.Mr CoMcma enlWd attention to the fact that the Quarar.tine bill reported by the Committee was an entirely differft t bill irom that referred to them. It was a bill in wh-cb Rcbert Christie and Dr. Thomson were mterestecJ,sequence of or resulting froni the said fire, or the destruc-tion of the buildings in said Quarantine enclosure, or fromthe acts or circumstances attendant on or connected withor relatiig to said destruction, or any of the subjectsthereof; then the said Quarantine Commissioners shallcause the said real estate mentioned in tbe second sectionot this act, and itie land under water opposite 'o aad connecied therewith out to the established water line, to bosold on sucb terms and conditions as ahall in their judg certain means for the payment thereof. (Quarrantine ment be most advantageous to tbe interests of the StateSec 10 The proceeds oi the sale of ssid premises shallbe applied as k "lows —1 irsi. to the payment and aatisfartion of all mortgages and liens on said premises. Second,to the purchase of a new rite for a quarantine establishmem and the erection and furnishing of hospitals anlother necessary builOags. aod the erection of residences ocucly. for officers and rmplijes, docks snd other necessary constructuDSaud facilities.fee. 11. Fifty thousand dollars are hereby appropriated out of any moneys in tbe Treasury, not otherwise appro printed, for carrying on and maintaining the Quarantine of the port of New York under the provisions ot thto act, and lheComptrolleris herebydirectedtodrawbiswarrants ;n m Hm. to time upon the Treasurer, who is hereby ci reeled to pay tbe same for such sum or suns of money as tbe said Quarantine Commissionera mav require, not ex- cecdii P said fifty thousand dollars and the amount of the proceeds of said pioperty.Sec. 12. An act entitled an act for tbe removal of the Qitatantine station, passed March 6, 1867, is hereby re pealed, acd no other act or part of any ttner set iocon sistei t with tbe provisions of this set shall apply to any ot the n>att»rs aforesaid.List of Acta Passed at the Session of the Legislature of 1860.The following bills, p&'ecd by the Legislature, have re .eived the Executive sanction, and becoma lawn Many oilier Import&ht bills are before the Governor, and will prrbably beccms laws before many days:1 To authciize the supervisors of the county of Rens- teiaer to audit bills tor retails of county buildings.2. To authorize the shareholders of the Loeknort Gas Ctrn |.»nj to reduce the number of directors of said com I.ary_3. To expedite tbe canvass or votes for members of AB :en.h,> m the first Asumbly district of the county of I)e.aware, at a special e ection to be held in such district en Tuesday, tbe lib fay ci February, 1S60, under pro- clamation by the Governor.4. To repeal the act ei titled an act to authorize the dec tion of a ittcial Judge and Buirogate in the county of EErex. *69. Felative to breakwater-in Buffalo.KO. Relative to certain assessments in Brooklyn. 101. To amend the charter of Seneca Falls viLage. 102. To amend the charter of Clean.103. To prevent frauds to tale ot passenger tickets.a. To legalize the acts or John Kelly as plank road inbut three fourths » T . ^ r ^ - ! U i ^ » d * * » * * charge to a very iterator manner—it may be all right—if so. it 10 F, 'm-.ve to isliroscs in the city of New York to extend tbe jurisdiction of justices courts, and to oro- world's supply for 10,000 years to come. To thto we33 To mend an art emittedChatter <f lhe city e.f frjrseuie,"K'danotj ameiu aa ict tBllileH^n A^otitolamend an' act .rtitleu uu Act to Revise the Charter ottoTcttv of S>.scti*, Lame March 3. " " Tnssi 1 TTMII14 Attttririrg the Commisstonem of Btohwavs of uratj.etown, in tl;.e « t t l y of Rockland, to buid abrtdsnacioss tie f-pajkili. ' 15 To legalize certain dotegsOf the«"»"»r»»gw Oongre-188. Authorizing a ferry across Chau'aqua lake.left Amending charter of Avon, Livingston county. ]*< Amending charter of Skaneatetos village.141 To amend the act to prevent aafigtarng.norther ti hemisphere where it is most needed. Aad it will probably be found to tbe etui unexplored reglms of Cen tral and Northern,Asia.Mux. FicooLOHurre RsTinnaxrt n o * tan STAGS.—This popular vocalist brought a fortnight s amsajamjafi to a close en Saturday evening, 17th n i t , by appearins tor herdays prior been laboring Banter a severe cold, and when the curtate rose she eame forward aad mid:—' Etod friends—This may be the last time that I will ever ap--" i nparsed March 3 d l 8 6 7UntitledDocumAct torevneths«6. In relation to District Attorneys.•.»•). 11' Pcctety ii lima, Livingston countyP16. Restive to ihe Justices of the Peace'of thecountvof Otsego, designated and elected to bold courwofseisiens to Mtd e r m t y , at the genera) election bald an ttoi Cr ester, New Rcckelte, Yonkeraand Morrisania, to the bib e:sy ol Novemrer. 1169. " * county of Westchester.IT. For Itclcirg special terms of the Supreme Court at the t act* anc pilots appointed for the hotair.g of tiie Qr- iit-<ot-neaLdfieri*ofOyxrandTerminer,inthefifth144 To legalize the ads of the Board af awMtiathm to pear before you. I am very ill, Indeed, but I nave tried »urref!tg r-roler.ir ccmrsuy with C t e y , J " * " ^ of61.school!. _ _ . ,.38. Amecdtog act for reBef of Tnoa-. P. woodworm.ft To provide for tbe election of a Police Justice in Wa- York aad trie Railroad.68. An set conferring additional powers on Boards oflose of purchasing a site and building a town bourn to said town.74. To amend the act to Incorporate the village of Still- water .76. To incorporate the Chenango County Savings Bank.76. To annex part of the town of Italy, in Yates county, to tbe town of Naples, to Ontario county.77. For the relief of the corporation for the roller of widows sad clergymen of too PtrnnHanl s-wto»pnl Charon te the Btato of New York.thorne has abandoned the cultivation of what to for him the only remunerative ground in obedience to a mtotaren idea of the romantic We sincerely arotefthat before, hto next story be may reinvigorate himself by a contact with hto mother earth.We had scarcely patience to follow the various unnatu- ral situations and strained and artificial conversations of the characters which are the staple of the story, ft to painful to speak so disparagingly of a writer 1delightful an Mr. Hawthorne generally Is; but wesay that "The Romance of Monte Benl" tovolent Association,,' passed May 18,1846.79. Authorizing a grant of half an acre of toad to tot 61,Eteilitg, to the trustees of the Free Will Baptist church and their tucccsacrs, to the town of Wolcott, Wayne ccusty50. To amend chapter 464 of the laws of 1847.judicious advtoer to dissuade him from publishing ft. "Atbeltoe; or, the Castle by the Sea," te the title of a novel by Louisa Stewart, which meets wtih a long, dry and not very complimentary notice at the hands of the London Port. We are prepared to believe, however, thatthe book has tome merits.An English translation of one of Balzac's novels, "Tbenew home. While Page wm with his men getting oat umber, snd Bunnelle on B short hunting excurswa, party of Indiana who were to the saamanwa aet two undred yards c.rtant. rushed down aad made anaonera f the woman snd child. After cutting open aad de- trojing everything to their reach, tnsy started far 'he mountains, carrying off the clothing of one af the met,he dresses of tbe women, a saddle sad other artisan. be women were not missed till tbe Indians had gats tart of about two boors, when pursuit wm issawrftotory , msde. Tbe report of tfieir having been token piaunari eachirg the valley, several parties immediately started ut * ordbeing sent to tbe fort, Capt Rweil toft wiU ail be men be could spare. Thus far pursuit has bam fret* less; being on foot their trail to very indistinct, aad • ton in many place s Most of the parties hsve returned un- successful, snd it to supposed ere thto they are far in the Pinal country. Every effort to being made to secure their liberation. A large number of Apache primers are held in captivity at tbe fort and at thto place, wbo wifl be given up for them. Word has been sent to the Ptosis te tost e fleet, snd it to hoped their return msy bt esrrflooked for.On or about the 11th inst. the ranch of Mr. Graydan, onthe Sonoita, waa visited by Apaches, and robbed of etobt bead of fine work cattle. The Indians were followed by troops, bnt escaped With tbe stolen property.On tie 18th tbe Santa Bita Mining Company tost eleven h* ad of horses *"n J mules. Mr. Way, who vtotted the tort lor assistance to pursue tbe thieves, stated that he sav, before be left, over one hundred Indians to the meus- tetns. Mr Dodtcn, living at the Sopori ranch, teatoo acorporation ef said village.84. To authorise the Orient Wharf Co. to increase their"Tbe Hallow Isle Tragedy" to the title of another sew English novel, "A novel," says the London Post, "ao wholly unprecedented in the annals of incomprehensibili- ty as to defy the most scrupulous snd conscientious en-act to en'aige tbe powers aad define the duties of the Contract eg Board."88. For tbe relief ot William O. Hubbard.89. To incorporate the St. Stephen's college.'. 0. Concerning the rights snd liabilities of husband andwile.91 Authorising bridge over Erie Canal at Lysander.92. To provide for widening Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn,104 To amend tbe charter of Dansville.106.106. To smend charter of Mutual Bavtnga Bank of Troy.}%; ^l*^ to180. Relative to highways oa Sandy HilL181. To amend section 68 of tbe code of procedure, anden board aBhode Island privateer,aad wasmhtosoy- a time when cue of the richest prises ever token«s^ tored, a prise so valuable th*4i&eabereof « » "»«*i*. boys aaicuBted to 91C00. On ? * ^ J ^ ^ ^ ihigher power. .— An tr^ nrtb utisro, to Ogdensburg, St IAWISWJIe d t v aacaertolt Barber died te tbe ntoty sixth yesr* £ , . ? / . ^ ^ r t ^ a w m y ^ - M r J ^ L T ^ S S e4Medwey.Ncrfoikc<>0Bty,nteaa. He entered tat tbe early ss» efeba'g* st Wert Potot 1ef tbe early sett'ers eCUtesndsettfed te the wuouniewj,;ww»w<--'—-«, ,* IMjrTwed by Waned tree* For tbe teat tbwty y**rs - resided IB St Inwreac* county.Eon. AEUAU BJCXICW cJed at hto resi*rnse,Eon. AEUAB mtjucw CKO ai a f^^rr'tmm vears-Vars .fr the fi'h rrst .at tbe sge cf etjhty-tre y^^Sirwaa a nc*coherer Congressfew*****?i?int two l 0 , ,A(iMstrict if l<trs»ssrfo as I1s6l1e0,and ?«*^*TM*Vi!^L#1(,,ff, cal-vato|!* «*Ar«Fle, Washington county.to the Albany Evening Journal.176. To change tbe time of holding tbe charter election philosopher, tbe broad aad plain pwr—i •••,*187. Relative to the tale of lot 27 to ctty of Oawego. system of the globe to its liberal distribution over tbeifS- 1°,,*cpe»*« I** fee* of grand aad petit jurors.lis. To authorize tne construction of a railway aad own benefit to the opera of "Marta." She had for sometisaks to the towns of West Farms, Westchester, EastitLooi d.trict No. 12, oeunty of Niagara.to ccme here to see j on again. I can only stag very bad-ly. Yonhavealwaysbeaaverygoodtome;wiflyoupare" on my faults to-Bight T I shall do my bent" It to needlesstoraythatthtoannealwasimwsawtodtowith tte<ffeecrCUrktftheSupremecourtfortnew181. 182. 183. 184.186. Preservation of moose, wild deer, birds and fish. 187. In reference to the University of the city of New 188. Authorizing tbe State Treasurer to settle witb thelate Treasurer of Livingston county.189. To extead the term of service of Supervisors ofNiagara county.190. Authorizing Oliver A. Field to establish a ferryaetio. 186.s^nse, do they seek to Increase the number ef wastes, of persons whom they do not desire and will net tenter tolerate?SKVJSB on BLACK RwrBurAxasi.—Mr. W. W. formerly of this city, was chosen a delegate to the ] cratic Rate Convention 01 Texas from Karnes county, antwas ejected from that body by a unanimous vote, In COB. sequence or his admission that, although then a democrai, he had once been a black republican and voted for Frs*To amend the charter of the village of Oswego. Relative to the fire department of Hudson.Relative to tbe Overseer of tbe Poor of Rochester.Relative to a bridge oyer tbe Oawego River at Mi- schemes to get rid of them, why, to thenamssf nwatsiqAuthorizing tbe town of Westchester to build a dock at East Chester Bay.UnitedBr. Provinces ot N. America.. Great BritainThe rest of Europe1,887,eO0,0OO,O09 Indiana, Illinois and Western Kectuck} ..1,277,5C0,(00.000.'Tons. 86,000,000,090 69,000,000,000190,fO0,0CO,000 316,400,000,000Holmes Greenwood, a revolutionary patriot. «*V^ Piovdetc*, P. I., on the 9ib inst He wrawswmrsy^w yesrsof sgecntbe day of his death. Tbe/*•'{"•"»• A survey of these figures will serve to traaquihns any Prm rs>s of the deceased >-He * M < ^ ^ h , J S _ . sot the test survivor cf those heroic men who """"I the prvtrfeiofis wees of a etafinemeat to the ^ » aAmericawill he seen that at the present rate of consumption, 100, t (0 KO ot tons per annum, the coal fields of Pennsylvaniaprison ship. Mr. Greenwood, we beateve. was •> ss« DuringtbeRevolutionarywar,young fr^w0?lEJT|Jtroublesome.To punish tl eff msrar-dtng red rascals as^ ^^fj^r^ imsthat Mile. Ptccokmitl did «do her beat," tor it was scr prising witb bow moeh spirit the character was sustain? *Thomas M. Tryniski9South 4th Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comStreetfviny orColombia,toabandonaportionoftheirroad _ .14* Relative m lire eleeticarf*^the best feeling, and with toad applause. It was evttent e>tr ot.p«P S C iun. Pormastera» •«„^«B died OB8•!.•*•. it , ef tj r. bold rever. Mr. ^J* *?^. V y e s **,«, ^»rrr.1.sfd reprtreSSfd ^ 1 2 * ^ 1 ^ bt WSJ 