 i" The lien ins of the New York. Herald.' [From the London Globe, August 29. Jirial. Wa did so, made oar visit, aad ware kindly re- ceived, the officer laying aside his assumed dignity after the first few quest ions aa to wherefore we had coma, Aa. He invited aa to sit down, aad wa had a long, free u'k. Hafoflerad asanescorttoSochaa,whichwedeclined,but suggested that wa would like i letter to toe Sashao au-psasa,sad,by his owa might, putlaws* down, what power can crush a people tofetuatod with such an idea? Car- Ulnr*noarmywhosesoldlersfightonlyforthasakeof twoauadreiearnaday—aoarmylaChina.interventionofSardiniainNea- politan Affairs,Extensiv e Military Preparations of Piedmont.INCREASE OF TIB FRENCH ARMY III RONE.#Sonthtrn Ocean Stennter Movements. 8ATAX*AH, Sept. 14, 1800.Tbe steamship Btar of the South, from New York, ar- rived here a. live o'clock P. M. All wellMarine Disasters.THB BABE AGNES AND MCH0OKBE RANGER TN DlflTEK?.Noaroijc, Sept 14,1880. The bark Agnes, from Baltimore for Cork, baa put is atthisportleaky.Tbe schooner Ranger, from Jacmel for New York, witha cargo of coffee aad logwood, has also put ia here leaking.(Friday) morning.Markets.PHILADELPHIA STOCX BOARD. panamarma, Sept. 14,188*.Stocks firm. Pennsylvania State 6's, 97-. Read* lag Bailroad, 84: Morris Canal, 67.',; Long Island Rail- road. 13: Pennsylvania Bailroad, 4 1 V Sight exchange ea New York at par.NswOsxBAXS.Sept,14,1880 Cotton has a downward tendency, and baa declinedVc : tales today 1,500 bales middling at 10 t c a 10-,c , sales of the week 14 500 bales. Receipts of the wee>v 32,600 bales, against 33,500 bales same time last year. Stock in port 104,050 bales. Oofiee Una, Rio 13 4e. als-rfc. • tales of the week 4,050 bags, Imports of toe week 12,000tlas, Maryland: Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Abbott and R. Fer BJA famine wss impending in the northwest provinces bags. Stock in port 16,250 bags, against 4 * 50 ba^t aameguson, New York; #oun W. Engg, Philadelphia; S. Coaler aid H. C Spook, Saw York.Flour active and steady. Wheat steady red, 81 35 a ner s i the Angers Uses, on the Jury being called over, < »n the 28th of June lx>rd El -m induced Baron Gros to 81 46; white, 81 40 a 81 70. Corn dull, white, 88c. a^ we a#« cf qa-te >*• v j M n cplalea. We• S U* **•«•»*• of Vaw^ia « «7 ssJatorttae, a cnoas ofM"t.mji~ Aust/a•rSTD^rett war ,* has frsaman iiptoeaacy.thea, to* r » formally ,,<* a tbesa as tha expreamon of its S K I M P . ***•* * knows that^°tt« ff** •*•»•*- S wbtm batata can bate, and ladnliibty will have, ITrr«em#V taterset to eewo-to aa anderaaandme; eveetn- f.^TTbe of a contrary opin on, and wid enieawr to\TL, •*by u.n prematura ana rwovstioaally theoretical£ ? „ twa on her liberty « action-*hy this f~£*KTM a#got*uoca and c^rewes about to be held,rreunion ef tte p-et+jc* wUh the Con ederetk». Until reasiviag luferaMtlftc, and isstraotlag 15e people sroend t u t a trail* **;v»ed tbe B^itah miss -on will remain a t aa. All our rxmfereace waa wound up with n pray«r t)francs worth of goiew from a mercer*" 'It waa not I, het'tb from such closebut tb» person with whom I was. ' "<m leaving Ktomes as m di ty bound, will ever prayj ou cam* to Par*, aad'went to your brother's house. .lubaequently ou took up yo<ir residence at Mme. Bryon's, and,' though you are only sister to aYearDINTS O'KETFE. writerinof ihehad raflrree e "-Teres at J*o bends ef tte Drama •* Lebanon.RBDCCTJON OF DCT1E8 ET aaSHIOA.it had oont'.derably reduced the dotas ca j arts,, of cotton aad hemp.sat. UMBSUTW sneeiOM.fha Sato Owners' fnctsty of Loadoa had aaaaed reae- legreUleg Ur. Lindsay's aeaai official v*K to i,aaddeclaring thatbedoesnotpesetastteoca-of tbe shipping!COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. UvserooT, Sept. 6.1 * 0LOKDOK MOKET ahiearnedoathaeveningofthe4that83),fer aad account...•sai.d#]*M..'m*£**, to nterveation b « V » tongj"J"J""-Tbc RefcelliniAs pec ca*We take from tho JBvrS CM .e Herald the follow tag ex-tracts from an iatereatmg narrative by three atiaaiena riea who hav« recently pSBwaswswfi Into the Interior of China as fax as r>uchau. Tbey oonfirm many of ths pre- vious stotomeata that had reached us at to the rellfioua prtoclnlaiofUtarebels,theirfriendlydispositionto-king. Onr return to Bhaaghae waa marked with no in- petsecagt: ' "I d'd not my anything of tbe kind soruof win* preferred by greatcidents of special interest exsept the naming of two more aa alleged It was Mme. Brym wno made me the treat, Tokay; hnnateaa t . « -bands of infuriated countrymen, whom we conciliated get Into debt, telling me that I cooll payout of my 50.000 Great. Madeira; Cardinal Richelieu,mueh as we bad done thee we met going up A few franca security. I really believed thai 1 should obtain de Richelieu, Ifedoa; Rubens,facto which, la the course ef my narrative I have tailed that mm, ami to 1Imprudently made purchaat s. ' Here Cbabtata; Marshal de .Saxe, fha ,...,,-., w ,to presett, shall caves this already lengthy ommun'ca- tbe prisoner wept. "But youtalkedof your SOOO.OOOf. votofe; Jeaa Bart, Beaune; Talleyrand, Chateautfoa Ooe is that Taank Quo Liang is dead, aad another to everybody; and a joung man, believing that you Humboldt, Seuterne; Balsas, Vouvray; Goethe, Johanna- isthat,accordingtorebeltestimony,Mr.See.theformer wouldreceivethatsum,actuallyproposedmarriage?" berg,Byron,port;CharlesV.,Alicante;FrancoisL, Futait,orlieutenant general sal believe foreignerscall '•Vo. sir. Inevernatiaa>thingofthekind. Itn$mMme. sherry;andHenryIV.,Serene.bias, a not dead, butla aa officer to the rebel army now at Haogcfcau.The recent taking of Bang hau, and its imaeditteabeadoameat by the rebel*, wai a stratagem by which toextent, sad stretching lto borders so near to us, that the Kra-eati, but she felt herself humiliated and obtained a lfiTOjducera, male and female. time will soon oume when we must take some stand aa separation from him. Then, unfortunately, she weatmissionaries sad aa men in regard to them. The state- astray; she fell in with a great English nobleman, and ha.Jncataotno*byi>oaaibUity.beiasjsssMtotoSVa*booths revelatoaof theA'ordmaybe ontrad:ct- wardsforeigners,therspid insraaes of their namaera,u u Mir'lia we bops a bach may be pat on r>ancee their mode sad manner of waschre, sis.Bryon wno did so; she is the cause of all my misfor-I*B*S. ' The advocate of the prisoner mid that, withoutU.."eying that she had done wrong, -imc considerationshould be shown her. 6he married very young, and herhusband.intakingbar.badnootherobjectthantospecu- eompiDatdof410primedonee,3*9tenors,28dbarlionet,After deacx.b.ng their amogements for rea-ifng the city of Qaag San, aad the scenes of denotation which the ravagaa of war everywhere presented to their view, the^iTM.,! «•«Airt^Ttatoraatodtooossatoanon- narrativethusproceeds;— aWLadiBKa«K«itamedalssadtoacttoconcati,for Asweapproacl.edthecitygatewiaocostedtheguardZ ,urpose of r* eataftUahinc a * * » » * J * * « u * l ! . 7 i £ : with •bouts of "peace, peace, wa come la peace. £t»k)V7g themselves tone influenced J>y legitimist we ara preachers of the doctriaa of Jesus,"ert, d-cee o. dyuaatie sympathise.•Susanna » l-raiT.—An Italian journal—the Troeafore— stales that tbe number of professional singers, of both sens, now ia Italy, amounts to 1.7*9. Tha asaramls laITi**^e'T cancan ara not concerned,and so long as•irepVan r*stk*a ait alone at imue. wa should lite tteTheaoOamllwj citsa•t« Conltnle withoa beard to talk with us, some to their conclueloas. We have come home with our for med an attachment for a student, aad abandoned the tan otherscameoftheirownaccord, irowainau<- miedrmuch snorefevorablyImpressed inregardtothe nobleman tojoin btm. Forhimshesoldherdiamonds risaand,wesuppose,theirownreports. wereaot wholemovementthantheyhaveeverbeenbefore. Tnese andcashmeres,sadwhenshehadnothinglefthaaban-entier. Gold waa flowing mto tbe Bank. Tbe ratal* forbeetbills•8XDllnoiBCentralshareslit,aIS*dlsooaat;EriesUrte 29>gi New York Central Bailroad 10 ex. div New York Progress of the Insurrection Central 8'e 88'; Peaaayrvsala Oeatral 8a, first mort-from U Nord, the Afterwnaldartofaitoatrvelythsinclinationsand,intomaeUy. she would hare in that case a ration d'etrr.aad,a kecominf once more useful to thaws HtUe nationalities.mtwouM tnd in herse!fa principle of life stronger andBora powerful than that of tho legitimacy of dynasties, •aitis*«wy*awnwarwhoreitit/steadinooajAtciwiththepraisetoJesus,whoistheHolySaviour.i-t e of to;i*MuJtfjr. Tho latter would then beeome C but aareguard of the dynasty which so fears it at promt. In fact, the dynasty might render immense Mrr>» to its peoples by bosoming their mediatrix,Praise to the Holy Spiritual Wind, which is the Holy Ghost.Praise to the three persons, who are one true G >d. AB3UUCT.ST. Jonas, N. F ., Sept. 14, 1*90. The Cunard ssrew steamship lit 1ita, from Liverpoolud B repressing by Its sororoign power, and the pros •Is the true doctrinelike u e doctrines of the world *•*Wcdhesday, 5th Inst., srrlved off Cape Pace this (Friday)tune tn use, if the general assembly thought it- best that our Invalid brother should remain on board to keepKiapted to its purposes This new organisation, silencing *ncomplaints, aad potting aa end to all rivalries, would coMohdite the Austrian government, which would thus beeome so longer the oppressor, but the protector and de- render of the nationalities.To reach t e a point there Is necessary on the Emperor'- part a full and complete conviction of the truth of the prncipleaannouncedabove,aftrrnwill,and thecourage to apply them: and, lastly, tho ambition, In this case very laudable, of making himself the benefactor of all ba peoplea, without dutiucttoe of race, by the accomthe boatmen from running away from us, sa well • as be-cause be had not physical strength to go on, while thevativos of the moat deotood kind and most devoted to thedjMS.y—after these had declared that a oonatttutton was iadispenaable and urgent, a decree waa published by which the Ancient Oomv-tt of Slate was reinforced by a twtala number of new councillors, a\i nominated by the fmperor. Tha decree t a t received, or rather condemn- m, by tho unanimous silence of the Austrian i>rem, so wei .1 not speak of it. After that, can the nations which groan under the Austrian yoke again have confidence In the government, or hope that it has the slightest desire or co-rage to effect in its orgaalzitton those radical re forma which ev< ry man of sense belie res to be necessarytrs treated with such respect by authorities. But on nal of Correctional Police on tbe charge of swindling. Silver, Philip Fox and G. D. Scull. Philadelphia; HenrySYRIA.the house seemed to oome in too large nu abers we were iavitod to a more retired and more pleasant room, where la a short time a mandarin of high authority called on us. He came in a long whito silk gown and very familiarly presented his hand; aa if ha in the House of Commons oa the*)!, Ur. a U . t . u bad been accustomed to this mode of salutation asked the First i ord of the Treasury in wha. condition all his life. He waa a Canton maa who had were oar relations, diplomatic aad otherwise, with the lived a food while in Siangan*, and had somebut the l'rec h protested against commencing hostilities\ per cent premium. Freights—Cotton to Liverpool de- clined 118d, quoted at • a_ BALTLMORT, Sept. 14,1880atelathreatenedfromdaytoday-.Our Foreign Ollav Podrlda. RikS , ie w w inEliglUat He I allows witJh Pavravf stay.Parana. Wwrrnwiil be afiarwards ] cannot now say, to ;t iepv-id* upoa tt.e arrangettenta between Use prov.ace and tte Cmi'ederetioa.the true vod, in which Tsen seen-*wg led; and in the evening of Sunday we retimed to onr boat, leaving quite a number of hooka of different kinds, s m » ofl renuin, sir, year resfwetiat PaftruiB TAnae or fholding up in our bands the open Scriptures, asFunds buoyant and advancing underfinerweather andcopy of their Do xology, a brief abstract of their (bith, oneLOUDONMARIKT3.I.OSHJX, Sept. 6, -880Wheat has declined 2s. a St. per quarter. S gcr firm aad partially advanced 61. Tea firm. R!oe ot'rt aid firm. Tallow quiet at file. fid. a 8zs.Tate Progress of Judge Ponsrias.HIS REOETTION AT EUHRA—TURNOUT OP~ THE WlMAWAEBS TO WELCOME HIM—HIS SPEECH TO TBH PEOPLE, ETC.EUCSA,S.Y.,Sept.14.1880 Judge Dout'lei- srrlved here at ball past four '.Lis mcrn- isg, accompanied by bis wife. All along tte rente, act- wtthstaadingtteuaeeeavlyhour,meetingsasaembiedatttedepotsandloudcallsweremadefortheJudge.A band of music aad precession of tte Wide Awakes, aaNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET._ Religion* w. ch were intended for SnoUa aad others for Van- bone dealer, yin passed yourself oil as a great the Parle Pays gives the followingr^,tv;*s>otaliyaat*g«edot,c.ae well aa ***"?i!h* dietedbytheirgovernmeat Theywar "anxious, endtoIdolatryandtotheTartardynasty Whentheyare ferringtotheevidence,theninsinuatedthateven Ifshe however, for foreign arms, tt seamed strange to ***** about to destroy a temple they stand around it aad their made the false statements alleged the tradespeople bad %% w" P ^ e m * sisaStf,Tit°poe^efor Austra with a genuine long haired rebel, and our situation leader cries out," in the name ofShangti, the Holy Father, not been duped by them, but had given her credit, be*Mide?eiopemontofthehtttoaattonaliiieawhichlirain»or around her, without violating the principle of before eating; this last being repeated in kneeling pos- and two girls. " Major" Breckinridge (for of course the relatively speaking, such ss pique, nankeen, and staffsablefortheCrops.other two should walk up to the city. A blank bottl; of business and bosom la a recognized institution we find, water and the letter to the Tsong Wong were the aelf- from the reporter "paying his respects" to Mr.preaervers wetookwith as. When we reached the Ku-mung the people atfirm waked timidly over the wall at usand beat their drums to announce the approach of strangecharacters. Tbey questioned us repeatedly about thenumber of ear boats and men, and wherefore we had tbe Nsw YORK HDULO. come, all which questions we answered plainly. We toldthem we had a letter to the Tsong Waug (Faithful Kitg),One peculiarity the name of Mr. Bell threatens to import into the pending contest.republic or Faraguay, more especially In reference to tho opportune of otawrvtaji forelgnere. He was authorizedrecent dispute respecting the imprisonment and subse- to speak for the King it seems, and promaed that any- •luentUbersAtonofanallegedBritishsubject,namedthingwewishedtomyshouldbefeiinfullyreportedtohistbeeveofmarriagewithCountdeMontholon.B?llcvlagnameofSaintAymouronaccountofhisdescentfroms (aastalt. by the Paraguayan government' awe whether excellency. He was anxious to know the view foreign- all this, he bad let her have silk dresses snd lace on family of thatflame,but be was at the same time warned a conscience ef toe readaUmion of the dtato of Baooos era took of their movements, and how they were dis cred it, to the amount of »,400f. She bad also endeavored that he must give up the title of Count, to whtoh he had AyreaIntotheArgentineConfederation,HerMajesty'sposedtowardsthem.Qcestlonedcsattotheforceshere,togetmoneyrromhtmonthesecurityofaaengagementnomannerofrightThesterndecreeaskedforWMatsavoy win again reside In the city of Buenos Ay res, the commercial onpitol of the Confederation, inaiead of the •tty of Pamaa, aa at presentford PATMxawroai Our relations with the government ef Paraguay were suspended In oonseq'ienoe of the arrest •ad imprisonment aa wa contend, tha unjust arrant aad crnel swjwiaeamaal of Mr. Canatatt. a Bntuh subject. That unfnrtnaatogealJamaa waa detained a conaiderable 'baa a prwen, bwt ha wm to saw! isstassd. Ibellevebis.and as to whether foreign authorities would Interpose la to pay her 60,0C0f, given by a M. Etebevsrla, of the once granted, and this gentleman, who appears to be en- **». tbey ahouht come to Bhaaghae; watted to know Hsvaanah, who waa, she mid, enormously rich; but titled to cumulate two ai utocratic particles (dc), muet . . . . to let the foreigners draw a line be- that person turned out to be a poor mendicant ntudent renounce the title Wf which he has hitherto beea known whether it would do t rebels. would pledge themselves She had, tt waa proved, oa simitar represeataHons, ob in his neighborhood. What Is mora galling still, bis wifeyoaa which they, the responsible for any damage done tamed l i s t worth of goods from a slioemaker. TOOf. can no ktngtr call herself a couatess.nbeoytotnod"goi,t.aadlawroeupldy bto all this wetornthem of the forces worth from a dealer la liaen, and Mtlf. rrom * milliner,Tss Porn'* Owi IBMH.—The turning point In the for tunes of tbe Iris* crusaders have not yet arrived, and matters are altogether looklag as dismal as whoa tbe bri gate first set foot oh the soil of Italy. One sensitive pil-inShangbae, of the idea thatforeignershad of their being a band of robbers sad murderers, aad that they were de- termmed they should not come here. We. therefore, adand so oa.The prisoner was thenratoirogated—MH*d your busdrawofftheImperialforce--fromNanking. Therebelkiegdemlanowinireasingsorapidlytnitalateoaherbeauty.HabadparadedherlatheCafe1C0bam*|,60buflbs,heIaadditiontothese,Italyhm"(lematic of our office. After due Inquiry a mentsmadeaboveofwhatwesawandheardmayhelp pentmillionsoffrancaoaher. Batafterawhileshe ARRIVALOFTilSSL1TAIFF{APERACE. Improvedharvestprospeota. Thadiscountamrket «] a few who, in a private sort of way, if afraid to be men seem to feel aa interest in what they do. They fael, doned her. giving hay the worthless obligation of 50.000f., THREEDAYSLATERNEWSROMEUROPE. beard,askedtoropium,theuseofthis beingInter howeverImproperly.thattbeyaresailedofGodtoputan whichhadbeenreferred to. Tbelearnedcounsel,re-» napioy aey other •anasnhnn matorial force to arrest to us a decidedly novel one. Aa hoar's detention and by the authority of Jesus, his Son, we demolish this cause they believed that from her beauty she would find ou«*squarrels,alithansooatoste.toconeUlatoalltheseaadamrmwngercamsaakmgaatoaooempanyhimtothetemple"andthentheworkbegins.UnlessGodinter-tomeonetopayforher. inNaples.gage, (.1.UVESrOOL COTTON MaaEBT.The sales of cotton onthe Maad4ttreached nsco bales,Including8,080tospeculatorsaadexporters. Tbnmarket closed quiet bat firm.Tbe advices from Manchester are favorable: tha Bareetbeing firm, with aa advancng tendency. L:vEBrOOL BBBADSTCFrS ntAJMET.Bresdstur* have a downward tendency, aU quatitiea having slightly declined. The weather has beea favor- able lor tte crops. Messrs. Wakafield, Kaab * Co report floor has decliaed folly one shilling per barrel: ocoiakona 80s. a 82s. 8i. Wheat declined fid. a dd. par carta red lis.a12c.3d;white12a.a13s.8d. Cornha»<-•.,r<-l fid.perquarter:mixedaadyellow34?.LIVERPOOLPROVISIONBlABEET.Provisions are generally dull. Beef heavy ?ur* firm butquiet.Baconquiet,pricesareeasier,bat<actaiknaremain unaltered. Lard atea4y at 81s. a 84:. Tallestatmots t At taw spat* at which wo live, brute threw office of Ihe chief officer of the city (a military manda•aeso: be by any means regarded as a soltl and lorable m* for a •tate, especially since too principle of nation- auwt baa been proclaimed and recognised by three atbeae—France, England and Italy—and gtaoa the'1»7na-.;jo,alsoaspiring to liberty,his takenitforits• I If, then, Austria deeerree to cxh* any longer, she*stt have another heals, which, in the inOnffloiency of hit- thoritim, whKh wm readily promised. Something wHnaal right, can only hotoataaaaa principle so dreaded byirra.thtaday. rorsiorty Austria bad aa historical missionto ftlfil, that of defending Christianity againtt tho Turk*.3 was on Hat aocoant that the Hungarians and Bohe-nnas, with one consent and of their own acoor 1, offeredtse irown of the two kagioms to tho house of Hapsbarg%*.<•:«afaunwwantcastesas*la*noionacrsraixm fruit,andchattedwithusalongtime Promthemaad anecdotesofLordJoanRussellInaScottishkirk,orLordThe Tribuaal ooademned her to a year's Imprisonment find 60r. fine.Fashions for September. [rromLeFollet.]Notwithstanding toe dulness of the weather aad the want of harmony between It and the data of the almanac, every one la occupied with preparations for tbe seaside season, and none bat light fabrics are thought of. For In stance, barege is the principal article for demi toilet, either sprinkled with small bunches of flowers or embroi- dered peaa of a darker color than the barege itself. Poplinette is much admired and very elegantly worn; the beautiful folds in which it falls produce a graceful effect. Gray barege, embroidered In colors, with floanoes bor- dered witb the same color as the spots, is much in vogue. Flounceshaveachievedadecidedsuccess,andwillproba- blybecontinueddaringthewinter.Therearemany different ways of disposing them—sometimes a flouncei ,tr—*xv> iiyly the net teaf her pretti^e and the tystna- others we gathered some Items of iatcrest.l'aimerston taking a morning walk at Bomsey. We are still, however, far behind the " smartest nation" In these things. Ourstatesmenareoccasionallyseenonthehost- tap,whereacity'prenticeamyasktheForeignSecre-AMI </ :a« ciciluwt u»rtd, and u oaJy looirei wjam aw a «Mtw«:ruJuutton,hastew/ortwnrVfa/•dynoah;. Crean-rmanj,whoresheformerlyd.wnlnatadmorallyThey say that their original King, Hung Sieo Tsen, It BUHlivingandwell,andathepresentreigningKingat Nanking. (Thawasconfirmedbyrepeatedinquiryheremid about our dining with the officer, and it was hinted at least that be intended to send us some presents to the boat AU this we declined, preferring to get on toSmhau a* nana aa possible. There ware, however, some of the lower officers who brought on board tome chickens a idThoughiaitself therebellion maybewrong,aadmay have very mush connected with it that la evil, yet we know that God can sad will bring good out of it. In this we will rejoice.Some of our contemporaries, eager to relieve the dul- neas of their leading articles, give occasionally piquantaad afterwards at Sochan.) They observe the Sabbath tary a question, or a R>wcroft may criticise the Premier's4iimaUrally,andrighUy,beonoasahawonthonatural thesamedayaawithus,meetingregularlyforsocial career:butournewspaper*sadlywantthegeniusofthefiiteenorsixteeninchesdeep,headedwithtwoorthree RevolutionaryPlotsata\nconaandMender of that body which has a hundred hands warship when not di rectiy engaged in actual war. They NKW Yoaa Hasaxo. It would manage the thing so narrow ones, or nine narrow flounces placed by threes, Marm,ihehaslootallpoliticalafiaenos;Ithi slaglatbalrworship,sadIwaanotalittlesurprisedtosimply—sendingareporterdowntoCambridgeHouse,oronecetattbebottomoftheskirt,anotheratthekneeVerona.that has inherited it, hicanaa its government is bear one of taem repeat Mr. Shuck's version of the Doxolo to Rnowsley, and getting a pleasant readable article nxigreamtro, and its parely Oornna powalaUon mora on gy, almost exactly aa we now use it in our hymn books, bashed up out of the conversation '• across the walnuts •ero w That is why. In tba present state of tho tendon except that tbey am Sbengtt aa the specific name for th* and the wtoe." That great journal has taken this course t•* of nostra, and by reason of tho form of bar gorarn- Divine Being, Zung as the generic for God, and Sung Ling with two of the candidates for the Presidency, and the atnt.shepleasesneitherGermanynortoootherconn- asthenemooftheHolyGnost,thusputtingbeyondcon- resultsarebeforeus.and a third just below tbe waist. Both of these styles have their partisans, but we prefer to either of them fivemat wblch aha gorema. NtiOxr the one nor the otker «lax any fvriker ntet <f\er, and omM easily aw wttaou!'},oothecontrary,Austriachosetotransformherselfnwa politics! institution, destined to guard, by thounscf forces and re Jtsroal gusmntees, tho exittoncetroversy the use of these words which have given mis- The information collected la Mr. Breckinridge's ownto die rnited States.The Weather in England Still Favor- quiet: pott,28t ei : pearls,28s 6d.a29t.sionaries so much trouble. For baptism tbey wipe the house sad from his own lips is various and important. breast, implying the cleansing of the heart. Thai ordi-:82a. Sugarsteady. Coffeequiet. Rke<;i.et. Asbeanancetheyadministertowomenandchildrenaswellaa Itinnotalldrypolitics;tariffandslaveryquestionsare to adult maka. and but once to each person. Below Is s relieved by " metal more attractive" For Instance.Shawls and scarfs cf the same materia', as the dress are oftheirprayers,sadaformofaskingblessingattoblo crnel"waa?")—andtherearelivechildren,threeboys generallywornwithlightfabrics. Astothickmaterials," Mrs. Breckinridge was regarded as a belle" (why thatture before sitting down. Tbeae were furuianel us bv galhint American baa military rank—who la the States formed of wool and silk, they are accompanied by longbasqaines or paletots.The pique dresses are opened over an elegant petticoat,and should be trimmed roaad with a wide biais of the samecolorastbcpatternonthedress. Withtbitskirta Zouave of tbe mme matorial ia worn. Should the skirt be closed, a deep basque, ti Immed like tbe skirt, is then substituted.In tiiks for simple dress, tbe Indian foulards, plain or figured, are worn, aad plain siks, of rather a dark shade.HSBofna'.iOnal self lore contrary to the rlghta of jua- hapf inesa. Those whi are wise will diligeatly perform it toW, has two"slaves, who are "allowed every liberty con- is necessary.»:•« and ei'ial.ty. ' This being ao, all the nations wonld (t. «. conform to Its teachings). and blessed are tbey who sistent with their position of servitude," and then wa DresseB la which (mere are various colors require black York. She was intercepted by tbe press news yacht andtha military commander at Qeag San. aaxeaasT.baa not r) ia described n a suipnmingly handsome man.Bit eyea would be charming ia any maa or woman, but in hisuownuheadtheyarethelight*that;bespeakawarmaulgene rousgaonal,theIindex*esofabrilliantIintellectandatthesame Um« the aigtala of a determined will.We see what the eyea would be "in any man or woman" (ia the Presidential caniidate neither? perhaps above both), aad also how much bettor are his eyes "in his own head," than if by any chance-medly packing of theFURTHERDECLINE INBREADSTUFF8,Praas toShangrr.i, who is the heavenly HolyFather;Moires in light colors, and thetaffetasPompadours, aretigewhichalwaysaccompanieslegitimacy,everysuc- Itsavesthesoulofmanthathemayenjoyeverlastinglottedtosomeoneelse.MajorBreckinridge,wearealsoonlyneedforoccasionswhenagreaterattentiontodramafternoon,atthreeo'slotIt,enrouteforHalifaxandNewandlearn torespecteachother'srighto.Contentwithfindingin thw union s central point, making use •f;tatapivotaroundwhichtodarekmotheirautonomy,thty would leave off opposing the government, which, forIts part, wo .!d have further reason to tear centrifugalareas, if any me should remark that tuck a erans/brms> from evil, his soul shall ascend to heaven. •Ajnif Austria is impouMe, weastxowJy to my Aa'. in tkuliue the muience e/ Austria hertrtfti impossible. BKHumwj AXD Kvmu.ro rsaript.We——— little ones bow down upon the earth to prayLindsay visits America in an authoritative capacity. Itdepot. Col. 8. G. Hathaway and others of the local com-ownsinfulness,theroadtoheavenisopentohimThe mercy of our heavenly lather la boundless. He spared nothisfirmbomSon,butsenthimdowntothe worldto give up hat llfb aa a ransom that he might forgive the'ains of men. Ii a man know this doctrine, repent, aad departgraphedtothelife:—TheYleePresidentlaammnberofthePresbyterianefcureh. an ouutde pilar thereof. Mrs. Bresktaridge is a member of ia- Bap.Ut persuasion. The* are both regular attendant* neon church, but the atajor'a public duties prevent his string mat at>enti»n to rnu«iou* exercises to which hia judgment and natu- ral Instincts would lead him. Ue la a devout man aad a Chris- tian, and never uses profane language, although he chews to-colorRobesforfull dress are trimmed with narrow flouncesorruches,andguipure,andadmitonlyoflaceshawlsor white »i)k scarfs covered with lace, being worn with them.The steamship Adriatic,'/rom New VorW. arrived at Southamptonontbc4th,andtheAi'gtoSaxon,fromQ;e- bec, at Liverpool on the same day.strengthen us. Never let the devil persecute us. Wetrust in tho redeeming merits of the Holy Savior, theancient Teacher, who is our elder brother In Heaven. Wetrust, also, tn the merits of the learned t*arher of laterday, the Eastern King, who redeems us from disease, thatthey may la our stead pray our heavenly Father, thegreat Sbnagti, that hat will may be perfectly done on Kourbt-n on the holy day. He keeps the best Bourbon in earth as it is in Heaven. Kentucky.Look down upon us and answer our prayer, la our Bow far superior this is to the over serious leading ar-hearts wo truly wish these things. BUHHQK! ranaus a aa.it.Heavenly Father, the great Shangti, bless us little ones. Give oa day by day clothes to wear and food to eat. De- liver us from evil aad calamity, and receive our souls into Heaven.The missionaries remained twenty four hours In Qmg San and then proceeded on their journey to gucbau, through a district presenting all the evidences of a terrible con- flict. Although they continually fell in with bands of armed men, the announcement that they were preachers of the doctrine of Jesus, served them as a safe passport everywhere. The narrative then continues:—ticles or inferior penny-alining of the London press. Here yon bare politics and drinking pleasantly combined. After that last phrase perhaps after the last bottle—we bate the following very natural ooeoloaion:—The NEW TORE HI-JUI.O IS a favorite paper with Major Breckinridge,and is considf red by him to be a power of poten- tial weight in the entire social and governmental American syttem.curtains are narrower and not much ornamented; the gold and silver ornaments are adopted by some, but are not bien portes, or .considered at all In good taste. The bonnetsaremadeiacrape,trimmed withsilk,straw,or tulle. White and black continue to be worn together, and are very distiafne In appearance.badly wounded. Many were also slightly wounded.FRANCE.The Emperor and Empress bad reached Cbamounlx and were enthusiastically received.the shore and in the water, was so great that the scent was almost intolerable, and the people sssured us that we would find it worse and worse up at the gates of the city.tainly well understand what the best men In tbe United States assert, namely, that all refined and Intellectual Americans abatam from political life. If tt be the penalty of p>'ltical prominence to have such pictures of a home placed before the public, all gentlemen must shrink from the eminence, and none strive to attain it save those who are content to wade through the moral mud of these elec tion contests. Transatlantic tastes may differ froru ours, and a reporter taking notes of "three beautiful daughters''wss worn a blue silk body with a bcrthe of bouillonneea and little frills like those on a skirt The coiilure was composed of forget-me-nots and lilies of the valley. This dresswasintendedforayoungmarriedlady.Ali disposable vessels of the Sardinian navy were to be sent :to Naples, and military preparations were more vigorous in Piedmont.Within Ave minutes from the time we left tha people athe bridge we saw a company of rebels from Suchau abouhalf a mile from us coming down to attack the bridge.With all baste we pushed into the creek and barely suc-ceeded in escaping the sight of the rebels. In twentyminutes frcm the time of our leaving the bridge the placewas inflamesaad the slaughter had begun, so that had may be a rather welcome incident in an American home.The bodies of the tarletane dresses are either made square, or with a corsage a lenfant. Wing sleeves are not much worn, except withfichus,but they hive not en- tirely disappeared.The Sardinian Government was hiring every available transport, and it was raid that if a rapid conveyance of so large a force would be found impossible, the Pope would be asked to allow passage through his dominions.we delayed ten minutes longer we shwid have been la the midst of the battle without the ability of explaining oursingularposition. Womoved on to theWongSab bridge, two or three miles from the Fa gate, where the boatmen again refused to go farther, and it was decidedIndeed the penny aimer hints something like ihi£—prais-ing the young ladies as having neither "hateur nor ex clustvcicss" 'Themost humblecanadorewithoutre them.on Camp Basso.Therewasnothing newas to Garibaldi's movements Hertchel V. .Johnson In Philadelphia.angels who make up souls and bodies they had beea al-at length oome to an understanding with one another, receive i t If a man search his heart aad perceive his have the religions and moral habits of the family photo- trimmings and a baaquine or paletot, trimmed witb same the news despatch obtained.say 8, his journey is a private one, but, aa one of the repre- mittee conducted tte visiters to th; Haight Bote), where wecandidlyadwttthatthetranamrmstlonefwhichourheavenlyFather,thegreatShaajtl,tograntgrace,tobacco. whichisrepeatddroundthemantle.Tithtsleevesaresentativesoftheshippinginterest,hehasconsentedtousetheJudgeWMcalledoutandcompelledtotpea*afernveipeakisaverydifficulttask;stillmoresoattho present day than it was in IMS. In order to undertake it, tt w>old be necessary to break with all the traditions of the pact and to enter sincerely and unreservedly oa the say of constitutional reform, with the Inn reeotut on ef to cere betraying the principles ones adopted, never dis- carding them for any advantage whatever, dynastic, per- mal or temporary. The dynasty ought no longer to otrnd the majority of the nations which are under ita daman ion by proclaiming itself purely German, m it did at the eoaunencement of the Last Italian war. There would ho just aa much am In calling its*:/ Jageilone, Arpapienne, or Premyslide, a s Hapsbarg or Lorriine, thnt is, to proclaim that It Is the lerltlmate ijnutj of ail its peoples, and that tt is Magyar aid Scla- Tooan by the tame title aa It is • iermaa. It ought to aeolah ail the privUegea of any one nationality, whatever it say be. and be merely just towards the Germans, tovhom it should give autonomy in the <;«rman provinces, wdtiiaraatee nationality by means of special inatitn- lioee in the districts and canmunes in which they are •tattered.When lb" question should arise of tracing the limits of the new provinces, it would he very difficult, and even anpomibie in some Instanoro, to disregard the historical matters, and to take the ethnographical frontiers as the mie basis of delimitation. Perhaps it would not be even expedient to treat the historical.assocutions too harshly. Bat t will still be possible, at no great cost, to adopt theprecipe of serfgovernment, as the English, Swissaad A: Orleans have done—to give liberty to theoosumioes. and to circumscribe districts acaording came on our boat where they were told plainly where we Interview with Him." In this article we go stiil further Been a very elegant whitetarletanedress with three deep prevent Naples becoming a prey to anarchy in view of to their nationality. This system would guarantee were going and what we were going for, that we were into the domestic circle; we learn that Mr. Bel! has been flounces, each hcadad by a bouillonnee lined with bluethe free developement of nationalities In elu- peaceful strangers desiring to do no one any harm. They twice married, and that his three daughters are "ladles ribbon of a light shade. On the edge of each flounce were tbe fall of the Biurbon dynasty.litioc and in administration, both of which would took some books with them, and told us that ait was well of extreme beauty and marvellous intelligence: they are placed three flated frills about two inches deep. Thisbe rational. A dominant nationality would no longer op with us. The number of corpses at this place, both on now in tbe ripeness of early womanhood.'' Wc can cer- dress was worn over a pale blue silk slip. With this skirtpr« i He rest In each pro rince the two or three princi-pal languages might be admitted to the provincial Diet, asii tae p-actioe, without inconvenience, in the Swim Fele-•» O.et, where three laoguages mar be used. Above theprovaoial diets there would nave to be a general assem-bty.*.nwhichallthenationalitiesshouldberepresented,ud which should be charged with the defense of all thegeneral ateresta of the L'nkra. It would have, besides,to act as a mediatrix in case of conflict among the diffe-rent cat onalit'.es, and as sovereign judge of their differea«es. As all the nations would bo thus interested inUse maintenance of the empire, the question of the IanpagetobeemployedInthecentraladministrationwouldeeco&e a mers matter of convenience, and would be oflittle importance, so that the German language might conpity,tosave,topreserveus GiveThoucontinuallytous Thewritershouldhaveadded,'playsthefiddlelikeaa the hoiv Breath (or Spirit) of God to change our wicked angel." No other phrase would have been a climax after hearts. Never let the devil deceive as, but evermore that last touch. The faithful historian (he does not my,notmuchinrequestexceptforoutofdoorsdress We wordstothecrowd. Thismorningbetut*'red5-ou:a have seen several targe open sleeves set into tbe arm, hia influence to induce tbe American government to nego-with onetargebox plait, aad a tight sleeve worn under- tiate for tbe adjustment of various matters pertaining to slight cold.neathforout offloorsdress A great mats meeting was held at t e c t cues:Almost all drttsea are made low and worn with fichus. the shipping interests, and the British government, being this afternoon, at which five thousand percent at- Sometimes a low silk body Is worn with n thin dress, desirous of facilitating these views, has furnished Mr.either over a guimps or a tight fitting body of the same Lindsay with all correspondence connected with the sub- tended. Several delegations were present from tonby the by, whether fhe accompanied Mrs. Breckinridge to church, or stayed at home to share the Major's "public duties'') continues —Strict tn hi* religions proelJvillea. be does not like to talkpoliticsontheSabbaih,althoughhedoesnotthinkhetobreak- materialastheaiart. Itismadewithaverysmallcountry towns. Notwithstanding the bad heal'th of Judge Douglas, be spoke an hour acd a half, forcibly vindicating the principle of ptj J a r sovereignty. He made no allusion to Mr. D > cson andl very little to tte Breckinridge men, simply crara.. •.- x g tte leaders ss daroaloalsts and secemloais'a, a&d de- nouncing them as bolters from the democratic party axddemocratic principles. Hia remarks wore 1evened to withprofwadattention,aadwhen,at tte CM-:"user,bn was warmly urged to proceed, be excused himself ex t t e plea of fatigue.The meeting was presided over by Hon. Hiram Gn»y, sad was a decided success.At six o'clock Judge Douglas goes to Cau.adf.gxa. < a his way to Clifton Springs.RECKTTION OF JUDGE DOUGLAS AT CANANDAi6Cl.CAXAaDAiocA, Sept 14,18D0. Judge Douglas left Fimira at five o'clock. At a.I stations on the road demonstrations were made, b- t those at Jefferson, Havana and Pen Yanc being of c, ;.i« an enthusiastic character. At each of those 'placet Dc-g aamade brief, appropriate addresses. At Canandaigua * great demonstration was made, the L'ttle Glanvr turning out in force with torches and ban tires lighted, and tan da of music to welcome his arrival. A large crtowd gaitered in front of tte Ganandalgua Hotel, but Hon. T. M. Eowell spoke, excusing Judge Douglas from making axy remarka in consequence of extreme hoarsenes- thro pt a cold and repeated speaking. The town is all ablaze w.tb ec- thusiasm.ing the decalogue by inviting a friend to take a little pureject that baa passed between the two countries.At.a collision on the East I encash ire railroad of two Bonnets are still worn very forward on the top. Tbe excursion trains, eleven persons were killed and nineteenLeech gave us some time ago a gentleman joining thela.lies," and testing himself by saying British constitu-tion. The New York reporter writing down "entiresocialandgovernmentalAmericansystem,"aftertesting placedsoastobans:overthebrim,anddrx>pontotbe "the best Bourbon in Kentucky," is a proof how far ourA i'aris correspondent of the Ixmdon Herald says that France has just purchased ten large steam transports Infitness for drawing room entertainment is surpassed by American sobriety.At the Nga Quo Dong bridge, three miles from Suchau,we encountered another body of the peoplev 200 or more,among whom were women and boy-s, all armed as thoseof yesterday, but apparently far fiercer and more set onfighting. With very considerable difficulty we made "The Hon. John Bell at Home—His Domestic virtues and gauze, very simply trimmed, sometimes with one deep It was reported that General Lamarmort was about toMr.Bell,ofTennessee,oneoftheother candidatesfor the Presidency, is also visited. The article Is headed:—Ball dresses for young ladies are made in tarletane orSardinia waa about to interfere at Naples.them understand who we were. Two ef the older men Peculiarities—How He is Liked and Disliked—Interesting plissc, at other times with several narrow onss. We have leave for Naples with 30,000 troops, the object being toroof." Gappy and the Goddesses' We also have Mr. Sells reiigicus habits—a Presbyterian, but occasionally "dropping in'* at the Baptists; and bis other habits:—"He indulges in a little wine occasion- ally." That this reporting brought home to every man'sGray dresses, trimmed with a deep ruche a la vieille ofl'HiLADXLPHiA, Sept. 14, 1680. Mr. Herscbel T. Johnson will speak here on Saturday evening. Preparations are mating for a grand recea*'on.Masaachusetts Conarreaelomavl V omlnstlan. BOCTOX, Sept. 14,1880A. H. Rice was last night renominated for Congress < y the republicans of the Fourth district, by acclasai.en. Charles B. Hall was chosen district elector.Texas Cotton Fnctora* Movement. NEW ORLEAXS, Sept. 14,1660.At a meeting in Galveston, Texas, of cottoa thetort, tfiwas resolved to deduct two pounds from each bale cf cot-Bell, whom he found "an amiable looking old gentleman, say sixty years or so in age, with a well proportioned frame, though not so heavy as the prints would lead one to imagine.' Then follows the inevitable compliment toport the shawl. In door dresses are made very long be- hind. Out-door Ureases are not worn so long, except in silks, and then they are worn with a slight train.A very elegant fashion has lately made lto appearance. It consists of a low silk body, of the same color as the trimming cm tbe skirt. It is trimmed aa a matter of course We noticed one worn by s lady tn mourning. ItIt was asserted that the prohibition .placed on the de- parture of volunteers from the Sardinian States had been removed.THE PAPAL STATES.and wished him to send a messenger ta receive It. TbeyptiahmentofafeetofthegreatesthistoricalImportance. loweredaropeandwishedustosendtheletteroverthe 1beBellmenhaveintroducedanewelementinelectioneer- wasgray,trimmedwithblack.Thebodywasofblack ItwasrumoredthattheCabinetsatTurinbadaireed On the part of the nations nothing more would be neces wall. Thw we refused to do, and also declined to cator^ ing, and it has been used at teveral gatherings with terrific ef- •Ilk, trimmed round tbe top and down the front with amry than a spirit of conciliation aad good will—mut aa! Into any protracted conversation until wa should have fect It Is to supply all die loafers, hoys and negroes tbey eta chtcoree ruche. Down the centre of the ruche was placed to prevent any invasion of the States of tbe Church.' eonndeace also. Unfortunately the struggles and events find with cow bells, dinner bells, tea bells, locomotive bells, a drooping trimming of jet. Tbe corsage bad a very shortor IMS have deeply shaken this coaudoaee. Wo suitable means of sending our communication to his Ex- and b would seem, with all other kinds of oells, and, all beinu basque, slightly pomted before sad behind, and merely The French garrison at Rome WM to be increased bysaveseenit.TheconstitutionofAprilS3,ISM,which,eellaaay.Oneman,whoseemedtohavesomeauthority,rungtogethertheIniernaldinmaybeimaginedifnotde-longenoughtoptamthechtcoreetrimminguponIt.We8,600men. toa,laordertoassimilatetheirmarketwiththoseofby the way, waa unsuitable to Austria, was abrogated. Inquired again about our object in visiting them, whan scribed Tbe bells are rung Instead of jells and ahouta beingneed scarcely my that the sleeves were short. The cor- sage was intended to be worn either over a tight titling body of the mme material as the skirt, or over a gulmpegiven, which must be delightful to die ears of the patriotic ora tor. the plan knocks bonfires and gunpowder to piece t. and to not near ao expensive, at law inatrumeua of the*, political famsmaMsehms can be used on many cifferent occasions, while ihe gunpowder snd the rocket* go oil with a bang and a fizz, leaving nothing but smoke behind.New Orleans and Mobileef the people should be entrusted with the drawing up ofa new ounetitutim, while the Diet of Hungary and thatof Crotia should set about introducing the necessaryreforms into the administration of those countries. TheFmperor Franca Joseph, ea ascending the throne,gave his amurauoa that all the promises of his prede-omswe should bo strictly kept. H>waver,on Marsha,IMfl, boil• • hail tho Oooatitasat Assembly of Kremaiorand granted n charter emanating from his sole authority.To maka matters complete, ho next gave constitutions tothe differ mt provtneeu. One looked tn vain from day touay.rortheOoovanUoaof tho Provincial immobile*, tillDecember 31, ls&l. On that day, the government throw-tngofftheman*,withdrewtheconstitutionIthadgranted,aad ettabliabed an abmlahJ government, tho like of whichand aerer exwtod in Austria at any time. On the sameway a decree of the imperial Cabinet announced "tho»cw bases'* oftheorynnfc legislation, wot up to to-daytbat decree has no; boon executed. After ths battle of &>1-feriao there waa a moment when the government appearedto comprehend that tt was on the wrong road. An imperial our train, before and behind, not leas, probably, • fifty see her, but tbe Boulevard user was often crowded. Alter ling, New Orleans. C. Coleman, Baffalo; K. Droliu, New The Russia crop accounts were favorable. The yield Tbe United States mall steamship Marion, Otpt. Wm.L an imperial maeifeeto promised that the ropfoaoniatlreawe replied as before, that we came as ministers of the Gospel, but had received at Qnng San a letter for his ex- cellency, the Tseng Wong, aad would be glad to speak with some maa authorized to take it to the King. He asked us to hold out the letter that he might see tha eha- ractersfromthetopofthewallthatitwasreallytothe King. This done, be promised that our arrival should bo announced at once, and that a messenger should watt oa , us very soon.Ancota baa been declared in a Hate of siege, sad the Papal delegate recalled.SP AIN.The duty on printing paper bad been reduced nearlyone half.AUSTRIA.A revolutionary committee bad been diaoorered atInlieuofgunpowderandbonfires—such a horridcom- bination—thebellsarecertainly "mosttolerableandnot to be endured." Might not we take advantage or the pre- sent excitement and strike up "a trade" with our cousins by telling them Big Ben? That it Is cracked in so much tbe bettor; If will tbe sooner surpass in dreadtul disso- nance any rival Tom of Lincoln.Auierlt-aws at Hails.Americans registered at the banking bouse of Messrs.Wa waited under a shelter near the gate aa hour ormore, when the messengers, four or fire la number, arrtved. We talked with them a little, and delivered ourletter with our cards in Eaglish to the chief, one of whomleftatoncetortheKing. Theothersbroughtoutseats EitraontlnaryCareerofaLadySvriadier' H.RuseellandHenryRussell,NewYork;W.O.Mayhen,Verona. Tbe members were arrested. The papers seized throw a startling light on tbe proceedings of a neighbor- ing Power.other occasions we saw our runners whipping the people up aa they went. Against this we protested, but it waa their way of showing respect, and our words passed lor naught. The city was far cleaner than we had expected to dad it. There were bodies In many of the pangs, bat thei e had evidently been an effort to get them alloatofthestreetssadhouses.Thementhaiwesaw were a atronf, vigorous looking set, far superior in ap- pearance to those in the Imperial service; We were led to the residence of the mandarin first in authority after the King, and invited Into a spacious hall, where everyNotwithstanding the long time that has elapsed since the dsys of her celebrity, her beauty, It was noticed, is but little impaired. She said, in answer to questions from the court, that her maiden name was Jenny Jackson, that she married at sixteen a man named Delamare, and that her present age Is thirty two. The alleged swindling was thatshehad,byfalsepretences,obtainedmoneyandTbe Freueh troops continued at Beyrout, aad tt iathing was nice after Catncee bate, and where we wereentertained according to the Chinese fashion. We sat or mare, bat was separated from her husband, and that sheSir Henry Ward, Guvennr of Ma :ra.-. died of cholera D. F Ely and Wm II Bodenham;r, New York: H. Cres- on the 24., aad ladapensable. If the preanat statesmen are not upto the situation, will it reinrbjorate itself by set king out reclined upon a nice loange, where were brought us the was to come into a legacy of 10.000.000f. On the strength•ou tusamonii g the ablest men of all tho nationalities ! means of washing face and bauds. Tea and sweetmeats, of that statement she got into debt to the landlady to the lastly, if Avatria persists la her present political, mili Ac, were kept before us. Wa were invited to go into an- amount of 2,4Mf, borrowed from her 80f., and induced taryaadfinancialcondition,willshebeabletowith-otherroomandtakeabath,andwhentheattendantsuponMmeBryontosignforherbillsofexchangefor10,000f, stand, aad not fall to pieces at thefirstshock with whichtime last year. Tobacco Arm, lugs 2>»c. a4:,,c Oca(From the London Herald, August 29 > Aboutfifteenyears ago, it may be remembered, a very young woman, acting as dame de camptmr at tbe Caie Fraa-for us and seated themselves to entertain us. Here wewrote a note to brother Crawford, announcing our sate ar-rival. Ac., which he receivea very soon, but his/answerto which we failed to receive till next day. After very cati, cornsr ol the Rue Richelieu, Parts, excited a great F. E. Garrett, Camden; U. s. Gurnce and family, New to a blunting party at Warsaw. Tbe Prince consequently little delay our messenger returned with fine horses for sensation by her remarkable beauty, so much so, that not York: Mr. and Mm. J B. Crane, Michigan; T. Prenportus, and we were invited to enter the city. There.were In only was the cafe constantly full of persons attracted to Morgan, New York} W. B. Reynold, Louisville: Wm. Ai- visits Warsaw about tbe middle of September.Manifesto announced to the people of Austria that the persons on horseback and on foot, and on all the r thai a while tbc Mle Umonadiere, for so she was called, dis- York; T a Gould,Chicago; W. Z. Larned, New York; a was expected -to be very gooi. Tallow prospects very Foster, from New York, arrlred here at three o'Siooa ttainurnment was aoout to occupy itself with the reforms we went the people rose and stood respectful!, tiUw* appeared, and it was then given out she was living tn proper to satisfy thair just desires. After numerous deli- had passed. My own idea was at first that the n* pie got grand style muter the protection of some wealthy person. serationaandconsultingofcoandentialpersonsccaser- upfrommerecuriosity,itbeingsostrangetoaseforeign OnSaturdayshewaabroughttotrialbeforetheTribu-J. Henry, Mobile: James W. Albert, Captain I'nlted States Army; Barry Taylor and James Taylor, Newport; Dr. J. T.Heard.Boston;C.T.Beynandfamily,NowYork;T.;oods. A Mme. Bryon, of the Rue Marbouf, who lets oatSow en and wife, J'-i* n Prentice and sister, E J. Gaylard17, bdd reached Bagand. They will be despatched to America per steamer Bremen.urnished apartments, stated that the prisoner had taken ?ew York: T. B. Clark. Jackson; Mrs. 8. E. Btmell.New York; C. Gibson, Louisiana; <>. W. Morton snd John H. I.uckley, Hoboken;rooms in her house, representing that she was the daughteV of a Polish prince, and bore the title of Countess DeU-and F E Garrett.' L F. Kowee and MA female named Peltier, who halbeen fetnme de cbambre to the prisoner, said that this latter had made her believe that she waa tbe daughter of a Polish prince, who was au English duke! also that the place of lady of honour to the Queen of England bad been offered tohsr, bat that she had refused it, and the witness bad, in consequence of these represeatations, lent her 600f. A tradesman named Bernard deposed that the prisoner had represented berieif aa a ooaaton, daughter of a great personage at the Court of Instead, as about to come into possession of 8 600,0001. from the estate of her mother; sad, finally, as being oaof India. leaf 8,^c. Exchange on London 109% a 110, with b a TheBritishforcesiuChinawerereadyforanattack,oflading108^a100vSightexchangeonNewYork«avised that they should keep away at leastfor^thepresent.«-<*»e waa la part owing ton sort of intention maai- He-proposed to aa to take money down aad bay arms for hand Delamare anyfortuner""He bad at one ttaae, bat lost grim, named Dental O'Ketfe, •marting under his manifold tbeJname or Victor Emanuel assume the dictatorship of 73,000 bushels corn.*«*d by one of the BrttJah eruwara hi the rrror Plato them, which we declined, oa the ground that we were tt." "Why did you take the title of co^teesT "I *«*wroaga, has^addreased tbefollowingbeseech to an official the Two Sicilies. etepoleto —' Oswnwi, 9spt 14, TS«0. t Flour quiet at previous rates. Wheal marks: openedArm, but doted quiet and nominally lower: sales dOOO boaheh No 2 Chicago spring at 81 14, 8,200 tabeta winter red Western at f l Sd, 10,000 bueb-la do u> ar- rive, on private terma. Corn soarce and w tboo: mate- rial change: tales 12,600 bushels Indiana t t 8 8 : Otter gram quiet. Canal freights steady at 38a. oa four, 18c on wheat, ll)»c. on oorn to New York. Lake •porta— 100bbh. floor, 143,800 bushels wheat, 25,800 b.abea oorn, 1,008 bushels oats, 14,100 eaatiets barley. 1JBR bushels rye. Canal exporta—1 ,»50 bbls. near, toO^OO bushel, wheat, 19,100a ^ b m h j ^ ,c-pl41-0lawdhSwt**.ahanvJI ^-*-*- —aja. -._m_ « *a mmwrnfla^aan liris •***•sswMwsVsswalftswl^nflttsnTwUaTVBBOI4*4awQskwMslA^Tmsl* ^•^'waiiBmwiSt^a) "Sstswas aB*a*w' s*ajjSBj^BBBBBwjn« Bfenaw* wssswl • Sam a*K tssaaJ mwss w ^ a w s w rot safe beck mto Bownos Ayrenn waters. T am inclinedto believe that attempt materially tnuneaoed tha Pare-.'•ayan govornssent in ardartog tha relosseof Mr. Can-tiatt. that deenend has net yet beta eoaaptiod with, andour real tone with t-vagway have not yet beaa renewed.I trust, however, thatTthe Paraewayan gnmsmist will our services. Be oartomly thought it very strange when fMl- upon rurthar rswscttoa, that M ia daw to their we told him we did not wish his money. Hedidnot, we own snawsawm ami the boner of their country to think, Intend to try to bribe aa to do what wa might •Me the Bomamsaeaton we ask tor. As to the think to be wrong, bat hm idea waa, we should like tofthar (.aastion,.It la well known that tha province makeyou aUumome present aad haveyou do somethingTb» Neapolitan Ministry had withdrawn their resigna- tions The attempt to form new ones underwritten Ischi- telle had (ailed.i aKOTHlK BTRECH 1ROM COI'MT r«R3I0.NV.notassume*•butmyhusbandalwaystoldmethathe ministersoftheGospel,aadhadoometotalkonlyabout wasacount'<"Shortlyafteryourmarriagebetookathe doctrine.ante?" ••Yea." Yon could act bare believed that a eouatwould have put himself at the bead of such a conocrn.After a while you demanded a separation aad obtainedit' "Tee. sir. ' alter your separation you became theopjifh Etchevertn, an t be gave you au engagement9 few,*** fraaeaf" « B e dteTso because 1 had gtrea to paysrourro, August 8, ISM.i you with tills memorial on behalf , ninety others, all British subjects, tn , ooaaaed tn the citadel for refusing toHe proposed to pay us liberally if we would use our in- fiuencewith foreigners to their behalf, and we thought, and still think, that we might have set our own price oamistreat af a man excessively rich an>l remarkable for a M I CData But—11of myself and prison la this l siga tbe oath of Lflounces,fourinches deep, headed by a ruche, and placed Thai Ckaracter of Mr. Lindsay's mission slightly higher: sales at 83*. a 64*.. so as to leave a space of about two Inches between eachflounce.Wenoticedlatelyagraypoplinettewithadeep flounce set in box plaits and edged with black velvet. It was beaded by a narrow one of four Inches in black silk, pinked. Tbe chicore ruche ia tbe trimming par excellence, bothfordressesandmantles.UVEBPOOZ.PROUCCEMARKET.Rosin bcoyant, with aa advance on inter.*.' <- aiitJtw: common 4s. 101. Spirits turpentine firm at 31s 8d aPaletots with sleeves are still worn, even in jaooneta or muslins. When made in light materials, they are accom panted by a deempaiated collar, trimmed with a flounce,The Loadoa Observer qualifies the statement, that Mr. well as a large number of citizens, received him at thebasque merely ss a foundation for a rushing just below tbe waist. This style is very distingue, but requires aa elegantfigureto display it to advantage.Hats are very much wore at the aeaside and in thecountry, bat are not allowable In town. The most stylishare made in rice straw. With these are worn long droop-ing feathers. We have seen an elegant bat in this mate tbe United states. rial, trimmed on on* side with a drooping white feathershoulder. It was fastened In the. front by a bunch of small pink roses, surrounded by black guipure. Neither strings nor bows age worn by ladles or children under the but.The Bcnrae dosed dull on tbe 3d at 0&f ac. The Paris corn market was rather lower.Thk province of Terra Dtlavoro had risen in insurre:- all complexions. Silks of this color, trimmed with nar- tion. i Bands of insurgents had united and were marchingApple green is a very favorite color, but not suitable to rowflounces,with alack guipure sewn on flat, are veryA black lace should be worn withfurther than that be was at Monteleone.violet'placed Muite at the bottom of the skirt, have an Bit was reported that tbe Neapolitan Ministers had elegant and simple appearance. A ceinture « la duchesse tendered their resignations, but were not accepted.in violet, Is worn With it. The ^>old bands and clasps,having become common, are entirely placed on one side Tbe King of Naples is to pay an indemnification ofby the grandes dames. The skirts are ss large as ever, three million francs for French losses at tbe bombard- andfallinagracefulsweepfromthewaist,soastosap. mentofPalermo.elegant and recherche.aad sleeves.,IansingACo., Parte,Aug. 31,1800:—C. B. Towosend, Mr. and Mrs. H J. Banks, G. A Jackson, New York; C. F. I.ipman San 1raacisoo; a Mt Klnslry and wife, United States Navy; T. Mapty, C. Gildth, E. W. Bay ley, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Thorn and Miss M. Thorn, New Orleans; M. Carmelich and wife, and 8. Tinoroazi, Mobile; Nat Pen- dleton, Cincinnati; Austin Baldwin, F . W. William*, C.Baltimore; Rev. H. A, Miles and Miss E. W. Mason and family, Boston: William L. Collins, Mr. ana Mrs. M. Jewell and F. L C. Caaon, Watermrd; I. A. Bunion,Troy;RUSSIA.The Emperor had invited tbe Prince Regent of Prussiaunfavorable.Forstall, New Orleans: 6. H. Stanford and family andJames S. Andrews. Rochester; A. Blight and A. Wadltght,Philadelphia: F. H. Johnson, New York; T. Vane Powers, thought tbey will not be required to go Into the interior. Trentoo; S. R. Lewis, Philadelphia: James Lawton,Cbar'cBlon; C. H. Castles, Baltimore; Mr. Kllis, S. Archerand Norman L. Archer. New York: P. 1.. Wicker. E. S.Maryland;Ylt<>VIMandA.M.Vltl,Philadelphia:Joseph TheBombaymailstoAugust8,andHongKongtoJulyon account of having lost all their harness by shipwreck, ranted titles wss sly enforce l in u very striking man- and having 2,0C0 less men than the British.Trr, !1* .!? f _ '!f£".'? 1* ** •** "* bearing unwar-THE REVOLUTION IN NAPLES.INDIA AND CHINA.one of the names td was that of Count de Oatx de-Saint withdraw bis prote I and the atu- k was commenced im. 71c.: yellow, 89c. a 72c. Provisions quiet and uncbeugeU.Aymour. Tbe A moved the Court out of the record, authorized by gotte General immediately rose andthe word "Count" should be struck d lately.Cotiee firm and active at lto. a 16c ; stock In pert 7,000 bags. Whiskey heavy at 28 >»c. a 28 Jfc.PBHanxLPHiA, Sei t. 14,1800 Flour steady at 88 26 a 88 63 Wneat buoyant, su <-« 6,000bushelsred.8140a8145;white,fl60aSI6VCorn steady at 74c a 78c, lard steady at 13 o. v^rfiba 4firm:Rio13c.aUJfcc.Whiskey*§>;«.a2*0. BrrrAio, sept 14—1 P. M.Hour quiet aad firm. Wheat dull and heavy sate 80,000 bushels red wtntor Indiana and <»hio ye iter day afternoon at 8 1 1 8 ' , a 81 80; this saornng 13,000 auebe <t Milwaukee club at 8118. Corn dull, no sales. Wt a*er easier sales 240 bbls. at 22,>,c. Canal freight*, 81c. c flour. 17c. on wheat and 18c. on corn to New York fm pc-ru—0 000 bbls. floor, 201,008 bushels wheat. 15 000 boahelscorn, 26^00 bushels oats, 2,008 bushel* barley.-M. de Calx, be mid, had Ucea lately iment to add to bis patronymic theTrsjiie at Bombay was very dull. '•stewards; exchange 2s. 9 l«d. premium.T U B L A TE**" N E W S . l.ivEKTOoi.. Sept. 6—A. II.The Mel ita was detained till nine o'clock this morning. GARIBALDI'S ADVANCK ON NaTLKS.CodfusioDJwas increasing at Naples. The AaaexloalsU' Committee on tbe 3d received a communication from Garibaldi, announcing that as the country required a defi- nite solution he would be In Naples about tbe 8th, aad laI taooe to hia Holiaeat for four years,• " *Hsf *i but before loag you left him, you then wo ara badly tt tn every way, not having propsr Count Peretgny had made another eneach, giving tbehim myII "Aad did you get [diamonds? 'I 4 lived gave themto me." papertoaddressj*u.withfood aad huddled i ie dirty straw. We a IOOU mu nuaaiea together on some dirty straw. We areclosely cooflaed, having two guards ptamd ea us night aad day, which prevents us tram getting a clean sheet ofUntitled Documentimpression that Napoleon will do nothing more than mala tain the Pope in possession of his throne and the Vatican and not help lnmoriciere to keep the Roman States.Freights were tend-,Soaitmerm Ocean Steamer Movements. CBAJtiaaros, Sept. 14,1880Orv»i exports—1,600 bbls. tiour, 243,000 battels » t « . efBuenosAyreaboaasperatedfromtoeArgen-farasatSbaafhaa.Tbeywealdwarycheerfullyhave"At yotj Itoraisemoneyonyetrobll DearHir,weareIgnorantorthelengthortimeweare THEfARISMONETatXUEET.'»'CoafederatioB,aadourmlssliswaaiwtshHwsilpaidaUrgesumfortakingletterstotheforelgasuthorl-but m i l was worth nothing yea afterwards lelesaed.to be here, snd we now claim protection aa Brttah subThe Parts Bourse waa quit* steely oa the 4th. nsTonTKD MLWEAT OF TIT* raaWCaT rw STBIA.Flour dsILD*1. Wheat * t f aad prloes Irregular. €«r* *eLve.** ' vana.Lately nsmmoalmlliiaw have passed betweenik*. Set-rday evening brother Crawford came also toniski 309 South 4th Street|*tUfromyouhoping you will exert your Influence toThomaM m uaatportant and caotatjcwi mat!,s M. TryFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com 