 imiS* JMgetemnst have velvet carpets at 130 a Kfaaieyaid, wHh fondtore to match, was simplypre-Insti- tute, night before last, did not say, as reported, thatPhenix, HarUord. Jersey City New-England...Justicewho preparationcommitted lilm, pend- of the necessary affidavits in theIs to beofIGENCE^ -PBIDAT, Not. *.i;1,254,;A Co.: 8. Saonders. JobuKn. Provldenoe,hrrliaunt Thompson is at work on a picture in- in ballast to H. D. Brookman k Co.5:of AU to S. Crowell. _relapse. Schr. Robert H. Dexter, (Br.,) Windsor, N. S., Withk-We have all listened with pleasure to ihe fell^rf- tous terms in which the President of this Institution has introduced Lady Fkaneli!! to its members and friends. I am charged now with a response, of whichthe stable, together with two horses,six have died, and nine are married. The harness, Ac, were destrwohyoeds.e lOonsseiosf the hotrhsesotwhaesr Citj HaU,. New-York.i*their stock *i canst be drawn from ills letter rudder carried away. No blame can be attached to Royal:stagedutyandpriiiUge it is to secure their that my only and ear-^weteaolvsaMriorta any he had ever beforeinst.'Cercmonlea.a/ias Mrs. Buebouobs, was arrested yesterday on a^ 'JiSaiiyttit sneh a man shooid complain of wantshoplifter, was arrested yesterday byOfficerQuacken-IMARINE INTELLyEW-YOhF.«;'longertFxzigbts bysuffocation,bybeingthro«iiintothewaterby at2Jc.onFlour,and23c.onComtoNew-York. WIND—Sunset,N.,verylight.Ineedless to""^T Uafbir audience and their male friends. The even- notwithstandingidays, St U o'elotk P. M. TsiegTiM eaa bs aats»mrr wattiium ^hb poucz Ta.isxxD ^nt nsiK COKDOCT ON lucnoir day—tbs viw .4pCRT BALL.yke irecUor fitnteffieat of the ComptrollerI»| nrnl1nTrii Balanee on hand Oct «41J,3« 77. B«e«ipti, •l,M4,«»l S9. Total, »!,-PdLuiV~|[^ at well as Society's—.«•». The OTRlaad Ifafl horn St. Joseph (Ve.) u ~- —miiliiiil 111mmm *" t%T««>nt«, ra4,M« M. Balance, W3,4W«; The Comptrtdler to Thursday sentco«niencedon Thuridaygiveshort,MATED AT tro,ooo.ng^ia,1MBUU7 »tat«in«M of ejpeijdituresthat H. BiaoxaSargent, who for a long time past had been employed as a messenger by the Company, wasimtii I waspress, leaving'—ftating «*»'tettHk (bi adTertlthig was eihaus'^; '""..'SSJJ:saydelighted andfancy,e«» te Ibe DepartmeDtt,fact that thefireItoeD so uucb mntila"-"."! ""rTr_V?i_~.h«, uh>ry meetlDg WUbaday.TheresoliUioB; Robt. Dlnwid- __! Assistant Secretary, Ramsay Crooks; Physi-carpenters' tools from Isaac Sheppard, also a,to state that the eommunicatlon 01 Judgebrick, cutting her down to the water's edge, whichFollowing are the names of the Companies In whichquency the accused was held for trial. OPENING AN OYSTER SALOON.guilty. prisoners rights Theybut If infringed upon and outraged by these officersTanderbUt Karnak..Nov. t Boo&ua'a Wew-T«skroB Tmi vsst mias.;at the time.Thanks to Policb Tileobafb Opebators.impartial fearlessly await,Capt. N. D. Crocker. Peter >. Freener, AnOaygills youngqua.speedyandtrialbyi. wamt'irltmx pMCollision.—About 8 o'clockFriday eveningthetaw tsnch law that I should be condemned___»ilLMI«ii^___ Montague,byBremenSeatham^. .Ss«-Terk UTarpeol...as»biimen thieves," was an un- tlvponme commonity. He would say, i.<niit kHowMge, that three years ago, when the—myand tothe aggregate forthearrivalofthat momentwfcn Qaesada, Hallbran,Iour2^ away cigars, liquors2.50? amount of $100. The accused had been heard tofellow-men the result I ;Ike leeolatlon was adopted.'MB Board of Estimates of Police asked for an ap-President,..Mgpmos.Total.IN A STABLE—H0B8I8 BURNED.over another famous will son,•f moneys, and the clerks are kept as busy as bees. The reduction of seven per cent, per annum on all;on account ofrighu;the glass, took it to ttae Mayor's office, where it was partment.dressed to their honored visitorclosed dull;.successfullyBroadway. another ma-Academyhave been long anddays before. Measures were therefore adopted for Alton, 3<Ibthe arrest of the young men should they apply to Btrs. Newel, v c. f...$ic. higher36c.<036Hc., in store. Oats steady. Receipts to-day New-OlSan., 'with aofjamra.soe., bound Baorio~d«OT«S".' UmHr. SuitB has- chine, which not only performs itsrecently putsweeper, but throws the <iirt into the box, and whenwell as a itself,leavingthecaitswhichfol-12. »whie't,?hJe?r, ^'^fn'cess, on the bmuoth pavemem- of Brnari«r«v •fthoroughcabble-Mone. of SSier^eeS The pffi- -*—.2 .2 1;arrived herein wrlters.)-that is full unloads- ii'^Srested. Subsequently federate,Total13Exchange {on Albast, Friday, Nov. 9—6 P. M.1*."°°":? ": ,'''*°were tried on Thurs-The attendance was far less than the occasion and the very Interesting nature of the exercises de-*«-^}clal»jmendAC^fctit-t-tt 01 :tja,ibufchels State four-rowed at 68c.; 3,500 bushels""jroO^TIAwTMbttb DxAiHS.—Aaamed ASTSOST Sises, whose pii^nia ...i, SiPell-street,diedor, Thursday.'r.:.; t,.^aealds i.jcelycd by the upsetting of a kettle 01 tot water... RicBABD FLursiQAM, aged 27 ya^m, wuiletor bia.for the Sixth Section,Suffern,sales.;BEWAKD.w—hWibcehress, THOMAS CCMBKY wsIsn sthoits in an affray took plsre in Laarens-st.,City, on the evening of the Sd of Norsmbsr inst., and wasmortallywounded,sothatbediedintheCity^a*-Andwhere- pitathleon thefollowing4tharNnvemberinsat. areaiothes, and w^s so seriously burned liiat death en- flaedinafewhours. CoronerScaisszaheldinquests te the above cases yesterday, re^mtia^; in verdicts of .accidentaldeaths.)hurleditatMurray'sliead. TheblowrenderedHoward-street andheretoeet sealofoffice,attheinCameron,In Barhydl.B.B....59,000 bushels Wheatbu<hel8 Wheat; 79,000 bushels Cora; 5,500 bushels lllw<Sd Walter,used onNcv-YerkThe public were invited to attend the anniver- day John Sharkey, one of the Individuals question, Caswell, r. I;operation dutybbls. Flour1 bushels Corn. Shipments—l,3uO bbls. Flour^ to a eaky ceadltion.--(By telegraphEsq., Secretory Board (rf^Kder- »Farelcn Farts.At Uinstitlai:, Oct. 17, schr. Ocean BM, disAtrglBg.of thesei'e'forn'ance was a decided suc-tot..,-, both i.niichiucs thoi-appropriate prayer.has now been obtained to the recent theft of several_ Sixth Section4KBL CLASSfflCMlW. Inlotsfrom TMScSAiThTieii^^^^FIVKBDMIHa»DOU<ARSlii',3;at at 6c.®7c.uiiy. ^,.,.ievening,E. L.of the Colum-ssles 15,000 bushels. Cobhstore and at East Albany, athe68acv.yfor Western mixed 8,000 bushels. In store, at 68c.—free storage for twentyPJvSS?"^•^'''r]%-'^%^mm':i::~Wi^-'9.482 51to be—tended to be a memento of old Grizzly Adams, whichon will be called " The Trapper," and Its present state1,470 263>—'.*95 ";and widow of Sir Jobk KxAifKuir, whose self-sacri-ficing devotion, when even Governments were wea- frontby yesterday,'•8e9Bay,dSM wtth BS-^yeip?ffirii ^iwilyftiiJlJMb-^^^BthOfetr Compai* milform, -^th SoMWeb'i •d«- Tequested fcr pnbtteatian, and dUhsed iridelr out taking with him apiece of goods coneealvd be- taj otter penon accused of. crime, by ybtaati tte!7l^?^e»d"«re»oiotl«otonderlng-theth«^ |;^j^ Nomux; First Vice^»resident, John T.John-however, that the quantity destroyed is estimated tohV!^^.,th.e «zealand fideUtyw*dwhiebtt*fSTiTh. BoSl fer second Vice-President, Robert Gordonme to for sordid and to that morbid senti-Mana ee«aa«iscJ Alex. McKenzie, William Paton, Geo. Cruick-The entire buildingAttorneygeneral elections, but,their duties on election;$70,000.brought before Justice CoBiroLLT, yesterday, on a charge 01 having stolen atrial before theData.Nov. 10.. ..Hew-Tork. .Urapesld««^ l^ "od oourteey to cWMOsthroj.^KiM*3^i«touxed ~Paxxib* Mowir.political motives. Dandersii)S^iOf iek,t«i5mxiS^^VoT.,,Allan Robt. B. Hay,James Fraserm^^MtJim ¥srkftrCampbell, iurer, Robert Hyslop Secretary,box ofBie CStj Departments have not yet recovered of her adventurous husband's fate. Young ladles, 1have the honor to present you to Lady FaAa&ua. After the singing of the national hymn by the pu- pUs, Dr. J. W. Feascis made some appropriate andThe whole is place[Ai*«er«ieaHBL] BsooKLTN China Warkhocse.Brie Fittancier. Haskell. with coal for Sslem. Eizabethport,Brig Costs Rica, Peel, Aspinvall 33 ds.. with hidss, he. to J. F. Joy.Brig Fanny (of Portland,) Coffin. Sagna 20 ds.,>ltfa Bugsr and molasses to master.Brig John Shaw, Wallace, Machia1s0 12 ds.w,itlhumcboealr. Brig Avondale, HIz, AJexandrta ds.,Schr. Amelia, Stuart. Hachiai 13 ds., with lumber toBrett. Son & Co.Schr. Catherine Wilcox, McFadden, Lnbee 6 ds., withfish to Jed Frye. Schr.CordeliaNewkjrk,Bigbee,C_harieatoaSds.,wltb cotton to Dollner, Potter * Co.Scbr. Tigress, (Br^ Shaw, Windsor, N. S., tds., with&«!the dullness attendant upon the election—there being absolutely nothing doing. The Receiver ofwith clay and covered With tan.ventilated, andlighted both by day and night.Taxes, however. Is doing a large business—theperfectly was done Blackstohi A Rtxrso.i. The work bystarted Into the Mayor's Office, and gladlyaa^Unghimself of the bench which stands theSeniorClass,tnbehalfoftheCollegiateDepart-Slscp Gipsey. RaDdall. Newport 2 ds.{gojiaent,under lliemvoriiict that believed the Infant came to its theydeathWsiSKi nominal, at 20c. CabalBELOW—Bark Fentacket, Leighton,Havana Oet. 13..jaalDg his head against the comer of the embra-, was soon enjoying the pieasores conferred by " ttfed nature's sweet restorer," and went off to the laMl of dreams. The comer against which his headteem !As humble friendsof the noble charac-Police Reports. 8FECDLATINO IN SEWINO MACHINES.Sailed.Steamship Star of the Weu. for Havana. SUsa 8S«h-his head was round, and as aoon- aeqaence, it slipped, his body followed, and the con-LiK, which fell into a tub of scalding water during the absence of the mother, and died a few hoursfor No. 1 Milwaukee Clnb. but refused. Cobs New York. Charleston Tolant, Liverpool. Barks Aaaredlned wassharp,and offered to sell her a new Grover & Baker sewingAnra, New-Orleaas, andPbilasclphia —CaooRn raoaliast aight a Committee of nine members of the Com- your Ladyship,MB CoBBCilof PhiladelpUa arrived in this City, for -ae frarpaee of wttnesalng the operations of the street- sweeping machines Invented by Mr. Shitb, and whichhonor to read.The exercises were closed with prayer by Rev. Dr.AXHITAOI.mutt have been stolen. She therefore called at Grover ti Baker's store and inquired about the matter,aKane. SIXTH flECTlOM. Outt. RoOfl.9. 83,000 Sic.®Star. Liverpooly^j.,g -i^^' .u^,,] j,,to negligence onthe of part in-is almosttocompaaies Intrusted with the delivery of the money. Instead of bars and bolts in this loathsome prison to a«ait my Wednesdays aad Batnrdays.cian, Alex. Elder, M. D.jj. McLeod, Rev. Dr. Jno. Thomson.ittT steamerw,viiiinwhichanappropriationoff100,«IO Inhis object is }o subject me to aOct. 31Nor. 1Nov. i LlTscpool...Basta9.caused her to leak so badly that it was deemed pru-to ssMl, and more tiian that, was a dent to run her ashOre on Governor's Island, where uponitBD^ertDglila retlgnattaor of aooemBiodations, was incorrectPsHrou),Kov. UK. YM »aMaa*HaT'>is"^*oleCity. Theassertion,orrather 8t>enowliesfullofwater. TheMonta/ruehadherOfficerIrving,FasssagavAiiH"were growing up to bethe of the steamer, as the sloop had no li^t up pilotCommercial Firemen's Fund StandardNorth American Lamar5,000 ^tna, Hartford 2,500 No.»,000 Howard, New -York. 5,000where he him- regaledletter,nest desire Is to have aCity,Renda, Antonio Dominique, u. Bedon, T. flaaaiaao^At the meeting of the Board of Police Commissioners Ml of Jodge was made, no one was more on Wednesday the following resolution was unani-S,000I can again mingle with my friends, free from all stain chleris, E. Cuevas, Pedro Lopes. F. Cairera, J AkoBO-&i nomination, or made more per- teffntotoseeonItthanJudgePlerrepont.who mouslyadoptedEmpire City IndemnityBoweryAdriaticNorwich, Conn Charter Oak, New-HavenLenox S,000 Mechanics'6,000 Gaololdathiune 9,000S,500 New-World2>S002>)0 S2.4M0O0 3,000a to iwsiii2,000as he wanted te, and this fact led to his apprehenJon.may have cast upon me.CHARLES M. JEFFERDS.CiiT Peibon, Centre-Street, Wednesday, Nov. 7, 1860.Mr. liincoln In Frlrate Life.A private letter, written by a professional gentle-tlvla, Spanish Ainy. Charles Sehartenbeis, Aastrisa«lti—ift~Meooeiq>led small, Inconvehient and badly *M ofloesi (when compared with those as- D'flMjwllw,) where be transacted aU the ,^-j.i^fc was Intrusted to him. He thought it of(Superintendent,) Cxowut, Cbapis, Polbahodb, Row- lahs and Flaklit, the gentlemen forming the tele-•Resolved, 'That the thanks of the Board are eminently due to the conductors of the Police Telegraph for their efficient services in that Depart- jhiiBiiliniiillnns when those famished by the City ment on the occasion of the election held on the 6thAH ALLEQED SHOPLIFTER.A man named Jack Fisher, said to be a professionalgn^h corps:Home, New-Haven. 4,000 3,000 Unity, New-York... 5,0002,900other fitlrfflenda of ota-lBinatour ciety to visit the valuable of bllllanls, having hU Iheir ca- ture-gallery, the meetliig adjourned.andand honorableW»«r» Irf the gamewu TiaMtT awakened to wltnets the woodeifol peribr- Ftna.Broughtand other vrltnesses, becauseleav.. Su J«,aOct M, m aaaexhibitions at Lynch's for the especial gra^-vOn'noon AboutIfostlon of those ladies and gentlemea who desire to IJNo. 82 Terbell A Co.,J. testimonytowards ortendingedved at ths sOes sf ths Company la tUs Us. City,of Monsieur Biaoaa, the Freaeh Frofessor4sr,at«A.lf. tUSt. Joseph.">D«a<!es toa coarse of IN A WB0LX8ALB DKUO WABEHOIJIELOSS ESTI-«nStbeinselTes 2ie accomplishesBsurmises made, and a free reinsuch wonders by -the masse shot<«.PtsvoiD, Pabixb * Mo^nx, No. 15 Beekman-street,named Williamgiven placed underSt. Jsaeph on VedneadayB and staiTaxosoax Tilion, in bis speech at StuyvesantKiLLT,temporarily" fte Northern crop of hay was seven times greater of $1.368,0(0 for the support of the De- than the Southern of but that seven3,900preferencefnpilaUonaxtment forthe<nsQlng year, added to which must {(the sum of t217,M0 for the Brookljm District. The ^M^Kde matter was appropriately referred.A kmg debate ensued upon a motion to pay the CteikmtheCommissionersofExcise$150extracom- ^mmkm, and which has been vetoed bv the Mayorcrop cotton,"reBpectC Fnlton, Wotton, Havre, New-York and HavreSoutherner, ofbe named, which, taken togeth- in value to the single Northern cropwere not hay.located at No. 2M Westowned Robibx was involv-,HER Thursday held an Inquest upon the body of Isa-lani grounds, in which many subjects were BXLLA Tbxviwicx, a native of Scotland, 33 years of TheWigwamthat dares to question it.sion, he never would be employedtraoghtte, ibat the matter was finally laid over. age, who was so badly scalded on Sunday last, \n con- teuesof bUli from the owners or occupants of the accidentalmade by J. N. Stxabnb, C. Foobt, J. HcDubhid,honestlytaking advantageU. Bently, Bently, Genoa, J. W Elwell k Co.«a(Ian8p<dllng places, as also from Canvassers and sequence of the that death roevseurltuerdnionng boiling water,pot cupied by GxoBGX HxTTBicK, was also destroyed, as 33 Wednesday.Billow, (Br.,) Dngdale, Qaeenstown, fleo. F. _cropsmightgoodnessgenerousna-Roberta Steamshipequalstable,Thirty-third-street, burned down,Befdblican Bejoioinos.—The Republicans the Seventeenth Ward held a public meeting in theirof character,Co.;;of the Hamilton- avenue<&• Legislature. when off Governor's Island, came In contact with aU, and, fact, it is thought that the damagetiethWard,whofoundsomeofthetoolsathishouse,and another portion at various pawn shops where close, rigorous, and unjust imprisonment—for he well CanadaFerry,~Ui,TirB»*ooi occasian, up<m the offering of the the sloop James Henry, from Croton, with a cargo of interior may be repaired for (1,000.NorlhAmerican they had been pledged. Having confessed his delin- knows. on his hearts, that mehaonvesrtdicmtaonf JohnBcU-Z^beetfomietoIn his heart of no would, Have oath, pronounce a1gainst havfNov. 3 Olasfov....Mas-Taskand transmitted to Messrs. RoBntsod,Consnl at Havana1st officer, W. B. Baker, 2d officer, and 13 men ship China—Total.—A Wohan Fatally Scalded. Coroner Schib-which that hears his voice.BUI, London, B. Daily, Mohile. A. Bell k Soiuflanter. R.P.BackkCo. tBoavrerk,BLoLanudroan, iBrem..) WrUamaoB.Traaay Fiale Trade,Imactna, were referred, and the Board adjourned Deceased resided at No. 349 West Twentysiith- well as two horses which were in It at the time. Mr.gunsby Capt.Republicans Ward ofof any other man, and would always gala the case. His political record is consistent The principles he now advocates were adopted when he commencedhis and which he has maintain- political career, firmlyBulley.Schooners Antelope, (Br..) Doaghty. Walchpole, Jed.«aUtToeailay at 12M., when they commence their '4«tl«e as County Canvassers.street. —had Lincoln hasFryeB. Mowe, Jr.. Holing, St. Oeorge, N. BL B. J. kflames communicated with the rear house of^No. 288 Sdicide of a Prisoneb. Early Thursday West Thirty-second-street, owned by Mr. Fitzpat- ipMilllBSIONERS OF CHARITIES AND COR- morning a man named Patkick Habt was arrested Bicx. The building was damaged to the extent of insured for (2,000 in the Broadway Insurance215683 votes to 471 for Fusion. The local:C. A. De WolffPresto. Moss. FernaDdina. O. B. DibMeL. Tcandidates received a much larger SXATH 0» DS. COVM/—WHO SUPPORT THE LU5A- Ward Station-house. A few hours later he was found Company. The fire is believed to have been of in- evening in honor of the recent victory.lltldaytook fire consequenceshortlyof theeveninganythingto do with tobacco in Bailey;Zenith, (fir.,) Wakeham, QaeeoateVB, Oeo. F.street;inhaving been set too near the woodworkment, and before the flames could be extinguished fraudulent representations. The accused. It Is al- knew tbat he must be made sick by it before he could Thomas, Lavacca, J. H. BrowerACo.; J. M. Warren,—IIC8 WIKKLTFalse Pretences.—IEmma N., Cook, Jaemel, E. BeckRECTION. for drunkenness, and he was confined at the Seventh t300majority.W. jUbut not a member. He respects Preelsibgiyotne,ribaenlieves In leant, Sergeaiit, Jacksonville. Thompson k Birater ;BTATIlfEMT. TheweeklymeetingofthisBoardtookplaceyes-dead in his cell, having hung himself with his cravat.Tlslt of Lady Franklin to Kntgers Female Institute.^Mrs. Uary Grahah, re-Iti doctrines, feels them important, though he has not mond.C. madereligionapersonalmattter.ashesaidtomehe H.,Plrrson k Dan Smnidth. Co.;at 3 o'clock P. U., at their rooms in Bond- present Messrs. Dbapib, Bill and NicaoLsoit.oughtwearsBKTH FsT and Florxncx NiQHTiNaAi.x, ministering likeSteamer Isaac Odell.with to mdse.;ried out, could still enlist the and service sympathyof brave and sagacious men both in England and feet;same street, Wednesday night last.A portion of theandin one America, until her heroic perseverence wrong from inclinedpeg-pole, spring- arestolen propertypossession,long BUSINESS IN THE CITY DEPARTMENTS. the Arctic Seas and Polar fee the ten years' mystery board,piece.by Tennyson, it will appear early during the course New Chcbch.—Ground will be broken, on 01 next year.Brig Loanca, (Br.,) Cliisbolm, Prince Edwards' IsUadbeladies of the Senior Cla<:s, speaking notfor themselvesILouis Lewis. Beatan. for Alteny. Shaaler,Will Lady Frahelin—whose name has become Meantime, and before the lady reached devotion—accept our thanks for the great pleasure;2,000 bushels; 4,(100 bushels Ordinary Wnite Winter, at:placed in an embrasure of a window outside the rail- '•ings, and a notice was sent to the owner to call and dear to us as a household word for womanly love andplayed in advancing this enterprise, the interests of which she has had so much at heart. Besides the due on the the institution Isrear of Mr. OAXL±;r's stable in Hoboken, was conclu-which her vl^it to our Institute has afTorued us'iMay$1 20«i(lunchanged ;;20,000of tills volume,entitled TfttAlgie of America,to rest his heavy limbs, he sat down, ment, would present as a slight tribute of their es-andjadmirers teristics manifested by her ladyship,bbls. Flour, 160,000 bushels Wheat.37,000 bushels Cora. OaWBOo, Friday, Nov. 9—6 P. M.tinued, and addressing himself to Lady Fbasuin, saidinactive. Babibt dull:second time, as he fell directly upon it. Of course, sure, both from the channel through which it is pub- for debt, and were thus enabled to sell it at so low aany claim for damages as against him would have lished and its subject matter, a peculiarly appropriate price. Mrs. Hunter determined to purchase it, and to;been preposterous, and the unfortunate owner of theone. From those laws of association which pertain accommodate her the men offered to let her youngbushels Wheat. bushels Com, 6,800ships5,100 well. Williams. Rival, Kdly, RoHar«aa tglassto every mind, and which are as Imperishable as thehave It for (4 cash, and the balance in two days. TheA match was played yesterday afternoon atbushelsRye, 5,000Oats,Fame, Ksaaedy.SbeetiBC.IslaodStroog. from New-York SepL». hashas only its memory and its associations for her121,000bushels Barley, 5,300 and 2,600 bushels Peas.bushels Canal Eiportt-1,180 bbls.Antwerp;barks PriseiUa, Newton. Rio Janeiromind itself, you cannot but feel a special interest in ado.; Mary Lee,Minatitlan.,»t Jtledlcine, ANNIVERSARY ORATION..1 2M3ba'« •»of the Academy of Medicine, held on Wednesday evening, at the Hall of the Historical So-Conover, 1st b Total..sary meetingOfficer Colfax arrested his con- a man named James Fitisimmons, and both prisoners were committed bv Justice Cosraour for trial, it is believed that the accused are in leagueOats. Fbeiobts unchanged. Sight New-York, l\ 9 cent, premium.ciety.Ist. 122—6wasintroducedatprecisely8o'clock. He sf'oke for nearly an hour and a half, but the attention of the audience never flagged for a moment during" tiiewholeofthis time. Hismainthemewas thecharacter of the true physician," and he discussed theprisoner Fitzslmmons, yesterdayrequisite «, botli natural and requiredthe nilKsion ofxidingonthe pintformsuid Houtton ^Ir^vts, was instantly killed yesterday poaiUon. Dr. Watsos vindicated the character of the second and andof the steani-eicvutcr*tore of Messrs- Alteaub & Sos, corfter of Greenethe medical practitionerin all the from hisFiooR quiet CoRM, 68c.«l70c. Whisit,20!<c. FreiobtbAKDO WOOD. Msyer of Citypursuance of the authority !n me vested,a reward of ftvo hundred dollars for the VV^SSSS and oonvtetlon of. the persoE or«f tte elevator, Jt was in violation of the rules oftte establishment to ride upon tne platfjic. ..nd theSleceased had been especiall*, warned aeaiabt &o^Dlng by the foreman On 'i'huir^'dy eveiun; Maxi were more thanin Uieat a drinbing-place in Tenth-avenue, between Twenty-For fair to fair Molasses, fully33c. a.'Wc.varied relationsAy i:omIn£ in uonUict with a portion of the frame work profession in tnls country, insisting that alUiougbMurray got together on Thursday nightThe ^ValtoBcards NOTE rROH C. X. JEPrERDS HE DEMANDS A Pork dullb«rwy«M£and circumstances arisingMnrder.at $5 62>t«)»5 75 for superfine.thereconcentrated or monopolized learning in -America,that way during teveral hours, but at last quarreled withreference to the game, Farley having charged Mur-with cheating. This was but Farleyinto prisonment,PuiLADiiPHiA,Friday,Nov.9. Flour dull, at $5 60S$55 62}. Wheat de-were, perhaps, fcw«r examples of (as it were)^Ncic-York Timescompared with;clining 70c.a7Ic. Whiskt:^Eurofie. yetphysiciansI crave permission,'=%"e'jfX'5on'S;»iacon-ion-,-c'r,l£b5o SS^!OrAxn.—The City Guard, under cainm:ind of Capt.Xahsfixu Lovsli,, contempiale visiting Fort HamU-•sn on Monday, Nov. 12, for the purpose' of fiirtbarpractice with the sea-coast |;us£. It will be remeot- ^}i'A?,!^I' "'^- "« illustrated the facts, princi-fecred that this corps made their £rst attempt In artU- lary praetiui at Fort Hamilton in July last, a fail ac-eount of which was given in ttiisetajr, tix-., have been iBvUsd to siisgppiiiiy thetuar<i,ii,d witness the drill. Go their rMum from Fort I be tendered to Dr. Watsoh for his eUborate done, he made a .ull confession of his dif.'onestj. na/ruiU'i i'.cy M-tilmake aa aAenooo street parade and vaiuaKe edurefr, auJ that iht U«er be ^tUig tt°thlU«ar«irevei^Vft^tt^Untitled DocumentMessrs. Waltos and Matvhxwb, I acted as an Inno-paper.the cecond attempt to test the availability of dtlxenand generaltheapprehension. OfficersandwrWAKB.—J&^Jai^^SmiatMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comMMThis will begmtleroen preseat, wore to the exceedingly aproposemployedday Perhaps notpar. CITT POBT-OFJ^CB.LOST, ON FRIDAY, NOVm- i5 9 in Broadway, between Howard and Grand '•.— -,„» 4Ui-»v. stage, or in 4th-av. between the Clar-a plain!?j'„n HoSseMd29th?st., heavy soIdse^tlaK.afcject, occasionBiliury gentlemen, membos of Assembly, City offi- 1 all nations. Afler he concluded, Dr. Jos.;the discovery of disease, to enterfceatment, to advance the cause of honor, sderice and »nnan justice, and to soothe and comfort the suflerersconfined at his residence No. 174 East Tweaty-fouilh- street.SEIKO orT HIB SALARY.For 8 long time past, Messrs. Adier A Co., mer-chants at No. 338 Broadway, have lost considerably by the peculations of Lazarus Stearae, a young Ger-audience, andSsplayedsoldiery fsr harbor defences. A large uumbet of f ja ineiiiaastible fund of medical lore of aU ti.nes ind enough to warranthisperhai•i?>y life, to those publicservants who areCityoevciitethcm Kortti 'Ithe mass of our;knowledge and practical tact length upon the manners and generalIti^caiSHc. Friday,;Two young men named James Farley and J.ohn;Elisa-aaMngUMitada^nd nfMHoo generally, as wafineattihlscoM,fDrwhlehlMfo<iidamarkstat )>awii>ConstUntioM, laws and sittites of my country, ITM* Labim.—M»ny u^lades who wltnemed Ihe contest between Henn. carried, and after ao InTttatlon to aQ present had of it has since been recovered. A woman named my dependence in Oiat Being who judges the inno- every KoadSF an* Tharadaj, at « A w t^JT^theDr. Dr. AxixjS>bb Stbtbhs seooDdedsadotherplaces. The valnaofthe aggregatepubUe.BmTH's motion, sad It ws^^ eovrse, onanlmouslyshopswas arrested for stolen from Btearae, receiving goodsand both the prisoners were held for trial by Justice KXLLT.THEIT BY ASA package containing $100 was forwarded on theAN"and Kataitaob, at Lyoch'a rooms la tJnlon- been tendered by the Praddent of the Historical So- Barbaretta HeUedecker, of No. 13 City Hall-place, cent and the guilty, I should enjoy, as a certain issue, signed «n tt ahwdd b* Barfcet, - «w-w-.. -li 7****tofflw,'*'Si»"»J«property thus stolen is said to beisoo, and $300 wort^•hoold havea speedy and impartial trial;andptaeingte '*-- "BHiiiiiii'i^'.'ss "rilof this -Af how of opportunity learning out in the sub-cellar of the wholesale drug- houserudely rejected;o'clocka fire broketo theBarclay-street, and a young man factsperverted, my prosecutor^strial on two charges of willful murder. Instead of the speedy trial for which I gave up my liberty, everypossible artifice and delay have been practiced by certain emasculated legal quibblers to defraud me ofsel have been scornfully overruled. Why ? Becausethe District-M* 4ay,te(skyB^yesterday morning,pany,Broadway,mercantile firm ofmy exculpation, artfullythe]aS«xbibltions are continued at Phelan's, comer of promptly repaired to tbc place, where they worked doing so he wrote the name of the merchants to theTiBth-street and Broadway. — fallhiuliy, the fire continued to smoulder until near receipt wliich is demanded by the Express Company, Saibt Andeiw'b Socieit. At the regular pre- noon, and not until ttiat time was it completely pocketed the cash himself, and returned the forgedof the SU Andrew's Society of the extinguished. The fire was confined to that portion New-York, held at the St. Nicholas Hotel on of the building in which it broke out, and the flooringdocument to his The fraud was subse- employers.quently discovered, and Sargent, having been ar-Oeca» MaflBrThe mails for Europe, by the FuUon, will elase to-day,(Saturday,) at WU o'clock A. H.The mails for Gallfomia and the Paeifte, by the Iftnk-my rightful inheritance—pnt off, and put off, and the noble efforta of my coun- ern Light, will close on Monday at lfr<^ehiek A. K.rested, admitted his ay evening, the following gentlemen were of the story above was not even burned tlirough. The him for examination.JusticeKiixTcommittedJustice. trial has been Myofficers for the ensuing year: President, sfock of drugs stored in the cellar was so valuable,STEALING FROM A EELLOW-CBATTSMAN.A carpenter named Wm. Bennett, residing at No. 146BfaTeateBta of Oceaa I lea svaora.Sbxbbid, ingthelossoftwohorses,belongingtoJeosSdwabsbdeeply impresses everyoneAs to his honesty there is not a citizen or politicianShips DsBhawsy,byand Airaono Mack, the occupants of the premises.;animals wereeachvalued at $100,and that true-hearted woman, may Inot say it even in this presence, the illustrious wife ments of comfort. The gymnasium proper is a build- Croft and Fox. of the Second Precinct,BsrkSt. Bernard, (Brem,)and hospitalsand other30 feet and built on two each 26 feet high lots,arrested at No. 41 Fulton-street X,and similar in construc- being crowded during the hours allotted to the receipt feeling remarks. He spoke of the objects of the In- cises byevtehneinmgore expsepreinetnced, which elicited much tion, as the Plymouth Church.officeThe was in various gymnastic exer-will be about the same size,FINE PARIANETATCaHY,stitution, its great "success, and its future promises of the high privileges of the young ladies of the pres- ent day, and of their obligations to educate themselvesThe Institution commences Us career under the most favorable auspices.Illegal Voters Dischaboed.—Two of the il- legal voters anested in this city." on Tuesday last, were brought before Justice CoBSwiii, yesterdayLICllCUT-GLASS, &«.,&c.to Dec. 1, stimulates many to paydsrlagthecurrentmonth,andconsequentlythere- insuchamannerthatshouldrenderthemworihvthe FairfartheBenefltoftheHonseafMercy. morning,anddischarged,uponexaminationItappear- eeipta are daily very large. In the Croton Depart- name of woman. He also referred to the large num During next week the benevolent will have an ing that their voting in a wrong District was more the acat, some bids were to have Deen opened yesterdav, ber of those who had received their education in admirable opportunity of indulging their incUnations result of ignorance than with a wTong intent.but a postponement was rendered necessary by theabsencefromtheCityoftheComptroller. TheywillDVJNGTON, BROTHERS, Nos.238and240FtJiC'L-B-.:cet.1a<aapaid previousbe opened on Monday.CENEBAL CITY NEWS.of cure without theother preparations contain ingredients detrimental to plaster to D. B. De Wolir.,r ,_the t^Mr part of the City, but through some caieless- iilustrated, one of the publications of the Smithsonian aie on the part of the driver it was broken. Com- Institute, and spoke substantially as follows :Its walls 187 girls and women have found refuge, and sey City, owned by Charlbb Nswat. I'he Fire Depart- of this number 63 are believed to be doing well. ment vere soon at work, but owing to the inflamma-[AtTnaHaral.1 Fire-Prooi HessikO'B Patent Champion Safes, N«. 3SI Broadway, comer of MniTay-etreet oppositeSchr^ew Delight, ScovUIe, EUxabethport, fcr Nor-"Ichr. Presto, Larrabee, EUxabethport, tor Cambridge.Schr. Judge Taney, Fo«,EIl».*5hKWt. toy SjdssB.Schr. KeronHsppuck, Kdley, B«*on3dB.,w^Btdss." Old Rutgers," and closed by saving that his feelingsWhyagueand those of younger years, just commencing the ca- reer of life. He could go no further.and Tenth streets. The directors of this institution have aimed to make it a home for both friendless and fallen girls, rather than an asylum for the recla-New-Jeraey<Fire—Two Horses Bdened.—Yesterday after-the duilee andunknown to the pnbUc authorities Now, thererore, Z.FERM the of N«w-Y«rk, todoequalof the the f where, oblained adweltat ooniluc! of iIn22c.®22)4C.Flour steady;$5 50; City -Mills, $5 37)«.Red atgl 30'S$I 35; Wbite,tl 40a$l 65. Cobm ac-after such'°m^ hand andand'^'^ ""'^ inlluences that lie should be everphysiciantohispatients,spokeofi^"*"*'readytj exert in hispr.icliceand took the into custody, and yesterdayWhenthe breath ofsuspicionfirst taraishedmyYellowlargelyinto Checent man, and onlyas an innocent and honorable manmyself to custody without annay, I sought the magistratel"s address lnnua«rabie withFives, '^,'^honM«S5i".J l'JS-u°?l'"af*l2;*! ?2lr f.^"';?''^^,^1 ^.J^ i^* weli-,e»dof the profe.-»slonalReading Railroad, 20HHerritPennsylvania Railroad, 39.J0HB8,Colonel.*''''•''• however famUiar they; ;Canal,59)4;rFRSlAn;i*re8iderit. "'A?b.rfafh-a.mJ cCoilubssAaSk. Swecretory.carpeted, providedingThere are 16a charge of robbing the Knickerbocker House on theof an addition to our native w orthy of the subject and the artist.—25bogany to Metcalf k Duncan. Wm. Talbot, seasHik of Warren. Me., and Wm. ElUs, seaman, of Liveipeol, ciedapplause.withmirrors,require- wereOfficersone of the lots is 106 and the other 75 feet deep.gives promisegalleriesparallel bars, each 45"The ladders,pole, cross-bars, AThce,re is aiiofyel-pulley weights;was found in their they were committed to answer."A new poem, entitled Boadicea," is promised during ttae passage.library—pic-has notoriously packedLotda."Tffls. «U BaKLaka CRyItaManshoiild beLsuers for the OaWMBU Ponj bpras wB ksr*.Pakon-ttreet. to « o'cloek svsry apwas firedHxTTRicK had no Insurance upon his property. The this Ward claim for it the title of the Banner;;cendiary origin. INADWXLLINO-HOCSS.H. Y. DavlB, Johnson, Savarnah,The street,ofMr.R.M. No.329Broome- sidinginAtlantic-street,wasarrestedyesterdaybyHeneither LBeager:dwellingdone.furnace charge of having obtained about $100 from Guibzffi any form, though his father raised it in the garden, Bullevj Cabot, Hamillon. Borion, J. W.UAm-.W.Tatlob,before 10 o'clock lastof atohave Officer Cbeah, of the Third District Police, on a guage, drinks, or hasregisterportableof the base-Hone. Scott Philadelphia. J. W. MeSeeJane Franklin paid a visit to the Bulgers Female Institute on Thursday, between 1 and 3 P.byMr.Pixbcx,thePrincipal,andbyhimintroduced furniture. Insuredfor11,600intheRutgersInsur- whichhadbeengivenhertomakeupbyMarxKino, every'youngmantooksuchamatter-of-fa::tviewofLadyCabtblu, who keeps a store on the same street, underhe never washimself to use it, and one reason has been that *'he:ten Norfolk, Sturges. Clearman k Co.; M. C. Terbell,of the Committee of the Whole, it appeared'that 381 persons have been transferred to the Work-IWnse at Randall's Island, viz.: 149 males and 212 fe- M. She was received at the entrance to the buildings damage to the extent of about $900 was done to the leged, in July last sold complainant fifteen victorlnes, enjoy it, and did not want to get sick." Would that Chapman, Kew-Baven, master.»y «port' tMles.Eesolafions were adopted in reference to the deathto the ladies and gentlemen who were invited to t>eance Company. The building forms a part of the of New-York. Kiso recently claimed the property the case before using it. Friends in their calls haveArrlTcd.Moore estate. It wlU require an expenditure of abou) and it was retumed to him. Cabtblu is now anxi been considerate(190 for repairs.case will be examined to-day. Heshows the wear and tear Incident to his position. Me.. A. N. WIsdna, mattsr. U da. fro* New Orlesas fwrwnn tn deffiT his fonerai e^ienses. the several departments, after which she was con- The New ScTcnth Regtmeat Gymnaaiam— A Casefor Scandal.—Sarah Ann McDonald^ If there is any one thing that will make his position for Liverpool, on fire and banad nearly to ikswaisr's«< Dr. Covel, long the physician of the City Prisonstill his cheeks are more sunken,3M^ C'^DBbooeltn Dispensabt, E. D.—During th^ the Demociatlc ticket all his Ufe, (now over sixty Steamship Patapseo, Tale. Portland, vithaHha.ai*^;&lthful services he had rendered the presentthe offi- C^^comdollBg wlthhls family, and voting the neces. cers of the Institution she visited the school-rooms ofThe eorreniondence between Mr. DaAPU andMr. ducted to the chapeUwhere the classes were assem-trying, it is. In my opinion, his scrupulous regard for edse. Spoke the Enitlisb bark Ooean ITilili risSSHIiunder the su- Brotjoh, the actor, who resides in Adams-street. Tiie one could be found more ready to favor all parties City.fnfirtfT ti'* any of their lunatics. He advised that both such names. It is our happiness this morning to in-Boaids Aoold meet and endeavor to adjust their mls-The main building, which was formerly one of the month of October 336patientsSteamship Potomac, Watson, Baltimore, vUh mdae. to B.B.CromwAkCo.Steamer ;Valley City. with mdse. to D. A C.t Mler.Cbapoiao, Derby, O-a"aTa—.",tdnstanding.Mark's-place,82 feetdeep,and of fourcarpenters' work, amoontlng to t396;:ifenames,familiarwithusashouseholdwords,belong 10 the world, and are enshrined in every gentle, inclosets. A isalsodevotedtobath-20 ;Nervous, 24Head, 7 ;Abdo- Lung7s;Bard, for mason work, $675;Ey4e4;The following is the weekly statement Dumber remaining Oct. 27AdnmtedT«tai Died©ischarged8«nt to BlackweU's island Bute PrisonTotal Decreaseheart. VicToaiA, Queen of England, herself the brightest sruament of the crown sherooms, wash-rooms and water closets.Minor05 Vaccinated,and affection of CalifornlanB.is one of the most popular 6:ump orators in this coun-ontheoccasion. Accompaniedby;President of the Commissioners of Emi-mrwAoR, in reference to the old dispute between theIwo'JMards as to the malntsnanee of lunatics, was FxAsxuR was then introduced to the school by Rev. established i^Dtfo. 20 St.the interests of all, and a desire to promote them. titlan for Liverpool, which had the ofBoers aad essv ttIfenauick,- 'bledin chargeof theirrespectiveteachers.Ladyaway by-vou,and passengers to S.L.Mitchill k 8«a.M '-StnlUbtlme.Ibymanhood to whom we could surely refer for iilustra-tov is them upon this institution for support during been aidedcratic votes that will be cast for him in his own andneighboring States. A fellow laborer on the flat-boat,on the Wabash, Cuarlbt Hahks, now living in Deca-ture, said here, on the 8th of August, that he nad voted with mdse. and cassengers to H. B. Craurall A tewaysSteamship Yorktown, »^J~^fi.f^. BsH>n Parrish,tion of the virtues we have endeavored to inculcateinof need, bespumed onCoamiatlOBers of Charities and Correcuon had not time, and in your own country and age, is bright with rendering the evening enjoyable.were treated at this years,) but should now vote for Abb Lircoln, not be- passengers to H. B. Cromwell A Co. ^to a noble laay, who honors us with avisit from that land from which we proudly front on St.cause he had changed bis politics, but "because old Afix was the honeslest man on God's earth."troduceyouaristocratic residences in that is 26 feet neightwrhood,233. Ofwere natives of the United States, 163 of Ireland, 9 ofnoOce was sent to the counsel of the Board that claim our descent, whose history, selence, and#•7 were ready, a any time, to proceed with the suit literature, language and religion are our com- stories. The premises have been thorougUy reno- England, 13 of GermanyaeidtBg between them. mon inheritance. I select from the fair regis- vated and adapted to the purposes of the gymnasium. age, 49 under S, 48 from 5 to 10, 106 from 10 to 30.'to Watson and to N. G. Garaty, for plumbing in the extension of the Idiot House, $220.18 were under one year of Ceobactswere awarded to Mr. Vandverroort, for try of that land, these three, or four, whose The basement is for a dressing room, and contains 300 Tbey were treated for the following diseases : In-Steamer Josephine, Green, sllh miBB toevery manlyfloor is a or room, with a billiard and Throat,Surgery, ;Rheumatism, 131.degree, the respectSteamer Petrel, Isaac Odell.FrovMeace, wlA ariss. todressingportion On the firstlarge parlor, sitting 2;;Steamer Mars, Nichols, Phllsdeljdiia, with mdse. to J. k N. Briggs.Mark's-place,of Coi. Bradt, was opened to the publicNashrille,and passengera to SpoiTord. TllestoD h Co.room 32 feet square in the rear. The second story isdivided into a large front room, with a private officeand dressing closets. The back room is devoted tosparring. The third floor is for fencing, and containsangels of mercy amid the wretchedness of prisons every convenience. The entire house Is handsomely named Geo. Wilson, R. Robertsos and Cbas. Rilbt7,6371,845 peer with the great lights of modem scienceEucabkib Somxsvilu, her sex's first com-EXPRESS MESSENOEB.14th ult., through the United States Express Com- other;have been worth at leastMessrs.brown-Chaplains,Rev.Dr.Jno. streets,ownedbyWbituickBbotbbbs,afterwhom Btreet Thetheftwasperpetratedaboutthreeweeks Again,bywhatrightdoestheDistrict-Attorneydefer AtlanHoowpine of the best materials. runningtrack 92 by 75 feet on the ground, which is packed Monday next, for the erection of a new church forthe Park Presbyterian Church, over which Rev. T. L. CoTiBR officiates as pastor. The new building10 (It., with oats to R. J. & C. ADe Wolff..West was Thirty-eighth-street,the exterior of the buildings have not been injured at prisoner was arrestea by officer In-ing. of the Twen- orIt Is acquitted. ButnoS,000 ReUef...;Ur. Graham, Carlos A]ezaS4er He-East River S,000 Montaukmoney2,S00 threaten that he would break open the place as soon or reproach that the imputation of a terrible crime ma, J. Esqnier, Miss J. de Onaii'la, Col. Lais 4e Oaa-Western Merchants', Hartford 2,940 American ExchangeState ofNew-Jersey.2,900 NorthSeT.Ialsnd. « ai HMIen-JMmLwad tbeldea that because a lawyer had been XOBTEXBN- Hat and Southern Cotton.—Mr. Western Mass 2,900 Union Mutual 9,000 «0 and 91 Chambers-street. He was taken before " In reply to your request of the 22d, I will state aCity of New-Haven5.000 worth of silks and merlnoes from the stores Nos. appears In the Journal. It says $1602,900 Humboldt4,000 Commercial Exc'ge. 2,400 3,500.$156,000Alwut 8 o'clock, yesterday morning, a smaU frame:the man whofew things regarding inevitablyto thethe case.and for whomIliinols, by waylagour nextofsoul, great simplicity—for, from Monday until Saturday a Fair ROBBF.RY. The house of Fred. Eifert,rxftT«rtlMBcnt.l sufferwithfeverandNo64 overpowered him in witnessing the meeting of one for the benefit of the Protestant House of Mercy Grand-street, was entered Thursday afternoon bywhenafew plastertoD.B.TeWolff. dosesofHollowai'sVegetablePillsInsurethecer- Schr.ThomasEUis,KeUey,Cloncester3dB.,wtthftBhto dowho nad, bv her noble deeds and true womanhood,connected ner name with the history of the world, will be open at No. 783 Broadway, between Ninth thieves, who carried away propertygood;Schr. Gen. Peavey Fanning. Lubec, 6 ds., wkh Ssh to John Boyntoo k Sod.Schr. Kossntta. Lee. Newburyport3 ds., with aidse. to S. W. Lewis h Ck>.Schr. Neptnne, Nutter, Machias 12 ds., with lambcr to ^0Bs to convey a large and valuable looking-glass to Fbaskuh a large and beautiful quarto volume, richly in 1894 it has accomplished a noble work. Within stable In Gregory-street, near Washington-alley, Jer- c liter wonders, novelties and attractions will be seen. SiSmcphsro.nLekocCaldaipa,p.Smtil, Salem 3 ds., with BsdBe. to .F.—Onya^faiday a lady engaged one of the City Express wa- SaiTH, who placed upon the table in front of Lady mation of vicious adults, and since its incorporation noon about 4 o'clock, a fire br ike out In a temporary Ills Brethren, at Bamum's Museum, where all theTbx Adtxrttibjeb of a L00EINO-OLA88.The Principal then Introduced Rev. Dr. Asa D.[A(lmt]MDM«t.JLast Day or Siamese Twins and Joseph and^alst was made at the Mayor's Office, and the drivertoought before the First Marshal, who directed thattke glass should be restored. This was promptly••pUed with by the owner of the express line, buttte driver, instead of delivering it at the house of theowner, or even notifying her of the replacement of only, but for all their associates in the Collegiate De- without great sacrifice, and much credit is due .Mrs.RicuHOMD lor the untiring energy which she has dis- the body of an infant found on Thursday in the cove,am most happy toaiarkeM ky Telecrapk.BuTiALO. Nov. 9—8 P. M. Friday,Schr. Hannah Shove. Steel,Schr. Harriet MeaL Cosh. Bandeut, coal, te Labee.the organ, from the young It is embraced In the following note ad-Twenty were confirmedmaterial,drunkards whenwere bletheyreceivedProvisional Bishop of the diocese has visited the House officially three times, and has confirmed In all 24, who have taken upon themselves the vows of\owned by Lewis Rbis, $200havethe Church. These results not been achievedThe Hcbder of an Infant.—The inquest on PLOrR steady.Schr.Schr. Ellen Jenkins, Eldrldf*. ProTidenesJ ds. Schr. Nelson Harvey. Borse. Boston fcr Albany. Schr. Albert. ETtonTEBBabethport. for Salem.Rockland 4 lime. Schr. Bnblcon,MFcoWsatemro,. Providenceds3.,ds.Schr, Charge, Schr.Neaolie.Barber,Taunton:ds. Schr. Alniira T.. Bray, Newport 2ds..0 I. f.. .. 3 machine which had been stolen from the store a few Craigin.M b.... ...I3 Stargls, r. f S Wisner, c. f 1 Thurne. p.1. f. ... O.Webb. s. s0' Van Cott, Van Dyiie. c Winter, 3d b. Tate, Ist bllWeeks, 2db5' INNINGS.2;and an investigationshowed that she hadboughtBlakeman,The schr.and sales fMaHunter for the balance of the money, and on Thurs- having presented himselfwiththat object, he was ar-3 6,UW);;14,000 41 000stoves, and 64 pkga.an Dr. John Wat- with ore of the employes in the store, and that a clue First Section.324— 13 sales on private terms. Bablbt less active sales ;served. AfterBOH, the President of the Academy and orator of theray^J clguilt.]Na»«. Tigethey were named. Persons passing by the premises ago at a house in course of construction in Thirty- my trial imtll a new law be passed, to bear upon my Frlnc* Albert would not even suspect that a fire had occurred Inside; fourth-street, where both men were employed. The case t Have I made myself amenable under the presentisIt forms one of the handsome row of six-storystone buildings at the comer of Beekman and Nassau carpenter, residing at No. 271 West Thlrty-fourth- nocent.occupied byPisroLD,publicment, manifest In base minds, which prefers to con- sider a prisoner as gnilty than hall a citizen as in-FultoB Bohsmian Bnrops Bs^uoDia10.. ..Mev-Tork. Msr. 10.. ..Oaebes Nov. 14.. ..BostonKov. IS.. ..N«v-TeA. Mov.17 .Ns.w_-T_ork. Nov. at Nsw-Teik.. raoif sDBors.Mowxbs,a0O Grocers'. New-Vork »,iOO having broken open the oyster saloon of John J. Re- tion tohatnhiksing you1 wouyloduradcdourtesy givinghave insurances CommercialMatual4S,000Commerclal,Albanyg},000Messrs.Pabxxb 4cWesley Kimball, awhose swornIn for In inser-showingknowhim. Thereisaof ture, and above ail,to manifesttheirsat- Thursday evening wereBROOKLYN NEWS.Cleared.SteamBhics Star of the West, GrlOn, HsTsaa. M.onand their loss isfaction at the result of the election. SpeechesWhen praicntiacciansgehis profebse- whichcould notof a of is not covered by insurance. An adjoining stable, oc- J. P. Hallxh, S. W. Bailxt and others. A salute of of crooks and tums which law gives to lawyers. Con- Brigs Reindeer, (Br.J Cronse, Tarragina, Vest kTaft. Thethe County. In 1846, out of a vote of 600, Fremontwhile in with a vote of I860,One hundred guns were fired in this city on "Thursdayhere.He is an attendant at the Firstwliose the belonged to Mr. Nbwav, loss, includinghorse and stable was about $179. The fire wat un- doubtedly the work of an Incendiary.Portland with atooe. ads^Wheat but opened firmer,sales 6.000 bushels No. 2 Chicago Spring,bushels No.bushels No. 1 Milwaukee Club, at fl 02; 8,S00 bush-gIne.udueobtbatloaMnrcse. RicHABBSoamotrotgtahgee,amount ofwhich cumbrances. Shall the institution be allowed to labor showing that the child had lived. The Jury found a 25c. Barliv steady; sales 2,000 bushel.--, at 62c.evidence was that of Dr. Eldkr, who made a|he oAce, a poor Irishinan, who was looking forem- we ask to be still further gratified by her acceptance Next week much maybe done to reduce these In- post-trtortem examination, and foimil air tn the lungs, bushels, at iOc. Oats steadyreceive it.$4,370.onlysome to them umtnown. bushels person Lake Imports—to-day, 4,000 bbls. Flour, COOOChild Scalded to Death.—Coroner HoRKiS, Wheat, 7,000 bushels Oats. Canal Exports~l,iOOCarr. Providence 2 ds. Sloop Xew- World, Ely, Providence 3 ds.weAfter reading the names appended, Dr. Skite con-sales 2,000 bushels Bay Augusta, (Br.,) for Glasgow sequence was the entire aemoliUon of the glass a Your Ladyship win deem the volume selected, lam machine for $20, representing that they-~had taken it taefmtperowrardys. A verdict of accidental death was ren- Quinte at 60c. Rrx and Oats nominal. Cahal others. _subscribe our names.";L D. Choate. Liverpool:respectfullyA few days ago two young men called at theof Jersey City, held 2Inquest yesterday upon ofard Alsop, for GlasgowCharlemagne, New-Orleaas: Battle,do.;anhouse of Mrs. Marcella Hunter, No. 410 Sixth-avenue, body of an infant, years age,the son of Mrs. McMuL-between the First and Sixth Sec-mBtkiet-clxaning Visit or a work devoted to the M arlne Botany of America. I bargain closed, Hamilton-square, Flour, 136,000 Wheat,Mrs. Hunter showed her acquisitionCohmoh Codhcil or tbat Cm.— have great pleasure now In presenung this volume to to her friends, one of whom, having heard of the cir- tions of the Introductory Class, Free Academy. The 48,300 bushels Barley, 6,800 bushels Rye, and 8,100with the note which I have had thecumstancesunder which she had told her procured it,score FIRST sxcnov. Oat«.bushels Peas.„ , Cbicaoo, Friday,». Nov.The San Francisco ihlps Flyisg Eagle,it;are at anchor off Bedloe'sDiTprRX—J. Boneslill. of the Uncas B. B. C. fromthe cell in'whichhehad «C0RIRS—FortlieKirst.Section, Clark,machines. Theafternoon, escapedbeen confiined at the Jefferson Market Prison, and asis attrlouied oneofthekeepers,JusticeConholltwillprobablythematter.his escapeThe batting of Van Dyke, Webb, Weeks, Cargill, andNewel,wasdecidedlygood,whilethecatching days. Rtb,72c.;vestigate QUABBEL—BETWEEN OAMBLEBS A BEOKIK HEAD.b. f. r., and Thome, was very fine. awarded to Weeks, for his fine playing.The ballNbw-Oblbaks, Thursday,Nov.8.Twenty-third streets, forsmallstakes. Theyoccupiedthemselvesindenied,VI ould not listen to any explanations and he ranplayednomas Cumsky. the Cooart b;be~ltvte-er-re-="«ihu:l|c.ohK theDistrictAttorneyorJudoeof thatthe said con convlctlp5enrwsaosn°orLfpfeir'sno'n?sds\bVarlrl.hyer.thravg,ec',end'_.?forJK^tnSctnyCoprxB firm; Rio at•keet, while engaged cUxiut the aiv.u, set fii e to tier also physicians in other countries. He Ireet, havrngf pavlnR-stone,him heretofore and at present pursued in my case, and Laguayra,14!«c.'SI5c- „Baltiuorb, „,. Nov. 9. disregarded. „|,„ess whereof I have^ll<i»CH,Jiged 4S years, of No. 2«w West Thirty-ninth- to the mass he umns, to express my just indignation at the course twenty days ^was committed byCossout. Murray'sateSc.'8700. at2o;tc..a2oi> c.man,the evldoilw againstM. and Lawson, ofthe '1wenty-sixth Precinct, -v reto the laws of our State, and."la.lI Sunn moved that the thanks of the Academy called to take him into custody. This having iJ^enswornfui*..'.fuU> upholdwit'iout fear or prejudice or favori KorOi—Al^my, Buflslo and Canadas..smf.m. The abfver' ward will be paid to S« flnaer,,5»fcai .b3a.k.an alarm Officer having been raisedmake nowill complaintand of corroboration. easyth& ^"""^I^KS'^-S^^Djg^insensible, andAllaire, of ihe Eighteenth Ward, repaired to the placepatentOhio, at Wheat dull and heavy;ri. E.]SJif"?he°Clty ofNew-Yorkjonassailant hein-JusticeKobe Aetilleut PBACriCE by the Cut «ke confiderce and respect of his patients, to aid in juries are of a dangerous character, and he is now good name in the matter of the dreadful murders of channed. Corrxx steady, at 14c.ai5c. WaisKT dull,.-to gain and preservetive;Pbotibiohb quiet and un-soon as young man seemed strongMasonand gave myself up. Wasto do so •Railroad, 1234as porter in their store. AsIt wisefor I trusted my personal Uoerty,;of Tate, wasCotton active sales, to-day, 14,000 ;llc.®ll!ic. for middling. Sugar quietbales,as, murderer or murderers are stilllarge^Mdthe Suffering as I am fromlb the Editor:inhour's needless delayofould do,"^'.Jtl7„^h ictiinas will be oecessaiy turOie reanioDrendering ;Philadelphia Stack Baard.Pbilaotipbu, Friday, Nov. 9.valued at $50.taintythe general health.dangerat 97c.ded before Coroner Bohnstrdt last evening. The els ditto, at $1 031 ditto, at (1 01 10,000 ;dered.^^^_._^^^^____ Free Academy Base Ball.'Fbiiohtb firm;By Telegraph.following is the CsrKill, c.:;8. C. Grant, do.; Dashaway.forM. Sd. itb. itb. TutaJ.Flour moderately active. Wheat easiersome— 8FEEDT TBIAL.a close andMess, »19 50. and ExcHABGE unaltered.wherever he was likely to be found, and after an un-successful search, voluntarily returned the ensuing^Long n»S'b«r..•5?°Jl.M.n'(. A.V..nd h. the confident hopeandai^Wcsi Way Mail.anticipation mat, Uip Wertr^iS"'* fS. Reread: -sJiA.K.knd3)4P. K.4th.av.rigorous throughWhite, at »I 35®*1but of facts that are;a completebeen the case 7Coroner's jury outside andously offered and greedily accepted, so long as con- sidered adverse to my protestattons of innocencedriver, was arrested byoftheTwentiethWard,chargedwith justobservance,towhomshallwelookforredress?440 Seventh-avenue,self to his heart's content, and afterwards carriedJustice CosHOiLT committed him for trial his protestations of Innocence.inspiteof;Capt. A. S. HlgsloB, Chss. T (2.3 Coax firm:cargo badly damaceo.$1 1015,0f5,000C. of the Deca- stained Canada West at 75c. Oats-3iJ4C.a36c.;im-your col- Corn quiet; Yellow, atRed, $1 25««1 32.duU, at;Pr.""id^o*'"5fl3to<S' tbe said to be paid oo;Red at .Michigan,21. Cork dull andsalessales 10,0(iO bushels, atSloop F. BrnwD.;Flour dull. Wheat (irm, but quietGermania, Havredischarge. But what before ahitcast a majority of 20,000 on the 6th prox. Mr. Lis- couv is a man whom all will and love whoadvocate withoutof sequently his power over a jury was greater than that Smallto Republican ed, thovigh Democracy has, up 1646,been trium-Ann and Susan. Pierson. Cbarlescmk Dollaes kphant'.and was a lover of it ; greatSeaator, Pat-Steamship Qnaker City, Shafcldt, Havaaa Bev. t, withmalls,moie.and37 teBaiauasJlOo. ious to punish the woman who defrauded him. The and the iMines more procoioent, than fsur months ago. Nov. 6. 10 P. M., feU in wpHabssesnhgieprsChina, of FttrOaad.OpeningThe So^'tth Begiment Gymnasium, recently charge of sending threatening letters to Mr. F. While true to the doctrines of the Republican Party410 the China on board, transferriiis them to the ftsshrrKorray, Charleston, «itt alsa. their relatives In order to get rid of them, and In that care which we exercise for we have al- Thursday evening with appropriate ceremonies. There man, stated, upon being brought before Justice count for the hundreds, yea, thousands, of Demo- Steamship Florida, CroweU. Ssvaonah, wUh srias..OtaL J^, Saaiaa asserted in his letters that Mag Dr. KaxBB, who spoke in the following language OrooseandMary'Rusaell,recentlyarrived,weresent YOUNOliADlXSOF TBX RdTGXBSFxmALXInSTITCTI:.wo- where it can be done without betraying his own. This Steamship noble, generous nature and honesty of heart will ac-:the noble of tme wo- examplesMr.'Teridaiick relied somewhat tartly that he wasilg^otmt of Om facts stated, and charged that the and develop In you. The history of your sex in allonwere some 400 invited guests present, including many ladles. The Seventh Regiment National Guard bandwas engaged, and assisted by its excellent musicwho is rather anBlaculit yesterday, that she had strong claims upoi^ the complainant, but Instead of aiding her in her hourpervisionaccused,intelligent appearingheexamined Monday.Institution—males,103;females,these,148jmuernie.s,82her from ills door.The case willAc, with mdse. and passengers te 'iiilam k ttrikfthan- Steamshlp Montlceilo, "tifTr. Wsrti^tna. S. C, As.,;Skin, 38and Ear, 18; Fever, 6; Head,PES80NAL.Hon. E D. Baker, the recently elected Re, passengersto master.Fhilsdelphia,;;Young,Albatross, Jones, Providenee, -SbipBostonian. (of Boston,) Brookaun, B«staa4ds.»3Philadelphia Bdrolars Arbestbo. T^ireeUrinary, Philadelphlans, alleged— professional burglars,;Abscess,—publican Senator from Oregon, has, to a remarkableHeand will undoubtedly make his mark in thetry, upperas he did years ago in the lower branch of Congress.Loper t Kirkpatrick.Stesmer Potomska, Nye, New-Bed&rd, with mlse. aaA-illegal testimony copi- ;.a^siyW aaiked, "7iBlsalhas not dared tobringanxiousonly auspicious Lurch, F. Bareno, Jose del Barrla A. Lopet, Jose Fras-t 2,400 bush, of the Third Ward, on a charge of having stolen man in Springfield, Illinois, to a gentleman In Boston, Bandy Book. 5 13 134r 1».$1 08 of-fered ;bushe:s35,500 bushels Corn.;Wheat firmhie. for No. 1, and 79c.a80c. for No. 2, In store. arrived at MUtoB.Flo'idaFlour steady.sales ..3 bushels, at 84c. a85c. for Northwestern Clubsales700bushels. Whisrt,2l)4c.^ ,StockB heavy. PeimsTlTania Statethat every present. By orter of THOMASIslandSight Exchange on New-York at;;Church,;VWjythe,i,Totidtlle.Bieh-:steady:50c. on Flour and IBc. on Wheat, andnUc. on Com to New-York. Lake Imports to-day— NEW-ORLEANS, Nov. »-Arr. Chariss A. Far-bbsts. R. In steamship Quaker frmn gsuaiui MdeBun rises.. _aA¥, Bansets.... stsiMooa4aBiea WAsas' tais bat.— Joharna, (Brem.,1 Fesaenpelo^ LnudonS,sTBaataahk,Tim.;Mailulearv^.sBvaa, Wren, (Br.,) Wren. St. Aadrn^ Brett, uses profane lan- Sod a Co. Zuavs. (Br..) Banford, Qveenstowa, fleo. F.temptedBremen Sept. W. la balisit bound to Baltimore, is anchored in the Isvervhere she pnt Is tor orders.Brig Amonoosoek, Wade, Minatitlan,Benj.22,000 bushels, at Chablxstoh, Nov. 9.-Tbe Sp»nish shipTera^—;;;Mlscellaaeaas.94; •°5''*.l''".i.n rSJis It is higblr importaatrii<.;;  