 iicm. mmuM Ftos PEXXSUVASU'mlparies there of the fkst masnitudt—the " m l he Bacons, the Silltmacs, the Thompsons, and awast .-je of worthies; but they little dreamed there 'What would tb* fresh-took the stand and spoke io substance as toiisws^—Mr. Cnairtaar—I was rsgssstod thia momtag to say a few words ir- reference ta our deceased father and to EUuctor, whose name baa to often echoed withla •*—•Sfccckmers and manufacturers have long been cut off from allHickman k Co.ward* 'j'tbe youcg gentleman of Kentucky," and that t-la»«es deserve aP tac protection and euconragemeui weProspedk—FunnyMr H;c*.M4»«kM:—The iatoUlgest votor wttt iVetv important changes have been made in the finan-_..._ . _ nveliberty. The n rational, well grounded andcanda teowes*;" the last survivor of them all giving it as school master, that he wore a long white beard termi-14,1869.1&S0.—Robert Clarke, aged 61, Augusts, Ga , June.may ce3|rat,;'.it« o»j-ie'v»s tbfct f-vtn iBcal teal ran per reive tojthanc f'*r Mr. Brtc*.nridfei: '• «te«ti«>u. If the^ <• ha't t \ e t be*- an^ , the recent stiimp apetcli of Mr lt*iH'murnlreeporter was ktinudu»ly/ »-S—L—^, -,J_S S I 1hia actio* as to snake It conduce to tto tocecn of a prin- any thai m, atrtm far Mm itpnfmmd v-hrn brought into fences, but it holds no charter to travel without restraint.ciple, rather than tto deration of a MM. fie will foalcontpaiiton vt/a (hat which I cwArrMn for his ifmtxrmtie It has lone labored far, but has not yet reached, a po- ciety men in their mode of electioneering jri-eshmeo. cieties. Matters had amveri at a crisis, and the faculty, rent Dtpeo-tir.'ntn—'Fmt t'twltg, 4"C 4** 'cc»»jK-rt|tor Therearefevr,ifany,livingmenconr-eming ttua to be the more incumbent apoa bin at euch a time whom p<;« hai* been said.and less reaHy known, than ai the preset*, when the tendencies of pwtira are more Ftepbeb A Douglas, of llllnok. There are thmtt-aud^,by- far too many tbot^auda. ncAt straWiniug hitu nndT the distinctly marked than la any previous canpalgn. It mistaken and detn^h-e idea that he is directing M< effort"sitionofAbsolutism. Itgraspsforempire,asitisthe Thereisnomoreofthedisgraceful nabbing ofboyson wbokeepawatchful eveovereverything pertainingto Amongtheobjectsworthyoftonattentionof nattersonly meant by which tyranny can ever save itself. ttre cars, or at the depot or steamboat landing, srho are tbe interest of the college, came to the rescue. Each so interested in the progress of Yale Coluge la tbe new bund- Our danger is imminent, out we can yet overcome tt, ciety should, according to rule, receive from taxes sadif we allow reason, rather than prejudice, to shape suspected of being sob freshmen. It has been agreed by income over $1,200; whereas, for several years past not tng of the ?c>utitle School at tbe bead of CoGegestosetour efforts, i Iwmocraiy, as now interpreted by both societies that no member of the incoming class shall morel than two thuds of that sum could be collected by We believe it it generally known tbat tto old Mediae!will he my Object this evening to endeavor ta axbtbit, to couateract the plnns of the Southern democracy. This those tosdast in the profession ol it and almost monopo- In a distinct light the dividing line betweea the politi- isafribhtful rMllixnmtion bi-t a natural one,when we lizing its name, no longer means the will of the majority;join or be pledged to either society till the evening afterthe statement of facts next September.Inst evening Ltnonia opened with tae first campaignihe society officers. The libraries have also beea badly College lot and building were purchased to 133Tby Jaaspbthe elect, n of the respective candidates for the ta onelof the matt ur.rafr and trtofhtrma «f leaders, you willthe contest, the determination will soon, be made not that the cardinal principle <I the Nebraska-Kansas act had been wantonly and wi-kedly nullified, that fraud and•lone a& to fur rata* In the confederacy, but as to the dea- vtnltrice, concocted tn the blue lodges ot ilimouri, had la-constitution, and his election will assign limits to sec- tional oligarchy, and make labor honorable and remune- rative The question, in its true aspect, is not as tothe conditioning of so many far several years past—a fact j which shows what a powerful influence Yale exerts over the preparatory schools of the country in favoring aexpected to work to the s tlvatton of tbe literary societies, which bsve been shamefully neglected.The eoitfto ad dervm at the North church last eveningThe main o r centre building h a s been comptetaty rens vated from cellar to attic, little indeed, remaining except ingtoewailsoftbeoldMedicalCollege. OathenmtHoartake into consideration the humiliating tact that all that devotion could do han ln-en done by thow- surrounding his jiorscm to distort a true record, and to stamp a coun terfeiiilmraclfTforMmonthepublicmind, Virwtrtt)himmanaged, many books befog lost annually.By a simultaneous move in both societies a plan hasbeen devised by which the taxes of each society are to be•iteved from oppression, hi other words they de riaroathey hadneverbeenabletoet-joy self-government, tbat:they were ruled by invaders, ana demanded the sov-coin, air. l'ouglas' supporters can do nothing for him: expenditures has been $60,737 05; making a deficit of theonlysignificantresulttheycanpossiblyproduce win $109 75. Of these expense* the UlBworth estate has bo to withdraw enough strength from Mr. Lincoln to caused $6,047 29; $25,50:'. 50 have been paid out for iu-thanthepresent. Noonepersoncaaseeallthe"shows" unless he possesses the remarkable faculty of being to two or more places at the same time.The following prizes have recently been swarded:— "Ttje Clark t'cbolarship'* or $130 a year, for tw o years,nectedtherewith; tbe basement to toe metallurgicalla- boratory, aad tto second floor ta a class lecture room, plvate laboratories and collections.A similar wing on the east, which has else been added to toe building, will be occupied aa a museum , aad devo-the < a^rary, the demand la urged that I. shall be extend W i fo the principle* of the Sri'i-aska Kantas billed.aadmadeoootrol!tag.HereIfindthecauseorsource than Stephtn A.£k*t?j)ai, hehasbeenoWetoof the great political ffcfue. of the present Shall slavery keep kumtfif rert/ muck under cover. It ia grati-to universal man. AdditionalfromHonduras.OCR BELIZE CORRESPONDENCE.Bsuxx, June 26, I860.oert*' « national HutituHon and a governing power in the eon*•-•;\t-rsmallitrmai'nortkeconstitution leftit* This ia BO; ad laquiry propounded by us of the North, but forced, upon u* by our brethren of the South. They ro quire »4 answer at our hands, and a e cannot avoid re sponse if we would. Silence upon our part, under thefying, however,' to make a single remark in_ his ir, it is this, 'bet he seems as willing as the mean ar- <>fhisfriend.-t, ulvertatU'DUon fromthisperiodint^chool comes off thia afternoon and eve ' schoolhasamongheralumnimanyof theitest stars collationalso made important contributions to other religious pe- It is ibe intention of tbe Faculty to provide each yearriodicals Oneofthese,on"RevivalsofReligioninValeCollege," appeared In the American Quarterly Register for February. I860, availing Itself in addition to its own re- 1838. In 1852 he published a work of great value, en sources of agricultural instruction, of em'neat practionlNEW YORK HERALD, T ad' antage over-th" other, that the; "ovist travl togetheraad exi.it together, under equa. prctection, until theTer- ritory shall be clothed with State *•••:-creiguty, and that »>oth alike are naiuoual The other i», that tne constitu-RSDAY, JULY 26,1B6^OUB EDUCATIOHAL mSTTTUTlOSS. Ci MHENCEMENT WEF.K AT YALE COLLEGEOIK NEW HAVES COBKESPO.SOEN.Ci.Krw Havssr, July it. 18s*was *ve s big dinner in honor of the occasion and* t r to republican style, at a r ^ > ^ to17S7, ar» Joshua Iwwrj , of tralrrtows, V . V , of ton class of 17*H, Dai-iei Waldo, o Syracuse,*' Y , of too cwtss of 1790, Solomon Stoddard, Northampton, Mass.chacan ir,>u.J have > Srctcatly dwpo»ed <.<( u No amount tion treat? siaWtff as a local, muaiepnl ttstttution. does j ot iKipukiF'ty would be able to ktaud nt-aiu^t the enro tot give to it a sittrlt- attribute of nationality; tha'. it luw Ia "thlel ataang em ta'en notes." "'do if tbey knew whatwi'.n.att nich aa ad-<x-aie. Um mi'iuight app*-t. caaAbandonment of D«mgl-» *1*T«*** oa!y be iceon: ted for by at>ppr«iDg the '-old public func- i£ to he discouraged. How shall we act between these The Weather in the City e/ Elmt—rVeihmen—Colie^ A**>- men think and the sophomores and his old mates wails Belonging to toe class sf 1S40. which cetotionary' waa unable to obliterate his atitmimiie* toopjosiDg vlewsf 1 answer the inquiry. Our laboriugciartCTM—Jbeetets of the rear—BntktPtmmal Statistics—The HopLinf GrsmtmarSekfxii, <fc.pranks toe "Itex" confessed — — revealed- Prof. Twining eat. at the *>e*4 oferaits twentieth anniversary to say, which is wall , ^ . - sented. my thoughts natsraJlr fo hack to toe past; aad though we are all Interested to thepr<*ent advancenot an (quad stofiu« with freedom, and that its extension |may do to save ourselves from further imputations.i»;r— rXl.i* h will U when fiiiitktd—hUerutr ftimimlMu cial bhd library arrangements of tbe tw o literary so- 860.000 (At t oft—Course of Studies telx Pureued Thert-Dijtble, but that he cannot carry over twoor three States.this $29,401 22 has accrued from term bills, $3,789 10ereignty conferred by taw upon Ihem. Mr. IHrogtasshould throw the election into the House. This dtaae, and Lane structiou, lor scholau ships and pr./es $3,601 58.have beeu the first man to tiy to their relief; and if he had would certainly be chosen by the Senate—the con- Forty-three graduates have deceased during the acade tiei:( us c< tnpletr-h il- dicated to the principles of bis bill, dition of parties in the House being such as to prevent a mical year 1859-60, among whom are several distinguish-'bis well known craft suggested a speech as the can give tbeia; Southern Btateamcn regard them as whiteread'wrt and least oPewswe nvaea of des»r«cti*Mi. 8aeh slaves; let ps sot surrender them to such mercies an the Commencement week is now fairly inaugurated. There of tbelddy, President Wooteey, and others; oc the left, by laeot and ftiUirr prospect* of «tr Atom stater, SUli ouriaCotwert tuggentlonsaret!i*merenlasonanleMiti-nettobe owner*ofchattellaborwouldextendtothem.•Oarfar-Pre.Bacon,Thompson,sodsoon. Lestitmightmakebeaxtsarewiththemengoneby. Ipresumeallofuais the usual rush of stomal, and those who expect t» beftT a mement b<lieve,afte the invent•b'ttii»a« which have the bounties u legislatloo by the torce of Southern pre members of the Incoming class. The rates of Saturday speeches that set the table repeatedly In a roar The bear ..* voice agsio. He has gone from tbe esttogsi:nariE«p th.it the gyved tenant ol thf White House shouldbeen hap, ar.d the exposure* whleh have bi-Hi made,such judi» o; wo s; nul.i enlist on their side Our country has and Monday have greatly improved upon the warm days speeches that took the nest and were most to demandteetlmotiy a.< he volunteered could V otherwise than rui tottered much is the estimatlun of mankind from our ma- wewitiiesc the most Interspersed with personal expe- noustolany cottrse. The anting evinced by htm on the ulft tied attachment to a system notoriously in counierec- Of last week, when everybody was sighing, "Won't riences of gr immar school master's floggings Our worthyhere remrmber blm oo whom we once looked, but cannoto c c a s i o n w a s o n l y e q i m l l e d b y h w U c k o f f« U - r e * p e < t a n d t k . i i n > t h e p » v n c i p l e s u p o n w h i c h o u r g o v e r n m e n t w a s liL«utt«rdisrt-eardoftheclrcunwtsncesbywl»!»-hhemas founded. Consideration* of morality, expedienry andsurrounded, and which ehouid have resembled him. consistency should incline ustodoallUiatwe lawfullyT A L EJKJIENT1WC SCHOOL. N«w Haras,j^-w #WLateijere<•WIUFKKHmayb«fdrnwhw tomyestimateofMr. I)r»rkinridge's character »« a politic;.•«•, fvanewly PSavery wttbin the Bates stands behind impregnable de-Iamsureeveryone hasremarked,whohaslandedat the New Haven depot, the great change b^Jop the so-c o m m e n c e m e n t b e a w f u l I f i t i s a s h o t a s t h i s . " much coolernow—may itcontinueso.I t i sP r e s i d e n t ' a s p e e c h — i » a s t y l e t h a t e v e r y Y a l e n s i a n c a aappreciate—did bringdowntbehouse. Insnort,thereporteragreeswiththealumni ta pronouncingtbedinner JonepttA'.Si'JRrld. E>q..theFounder—DeMrrtfMUm4*m*£._# excellent,thespeeches fine.E. ShefoeId, F?q , and in I V * presented to Yale Ca-age for t h e i r s and purposes of the scientific department. Tbeadditionsandimprovements which barebeengotogPresidency If thia were a strife merely betweenladn.dui men, it would possess but trifiiajrImportance, aad I should not trouble you witheither remark or suggestion. But as I regard fourth Ccngreiie, the residents of Kansas, asseverating LoM-si, aid capable, and attached to the principles of the than at any previous year; resulting, 1 doubt not, from ibrnry by the opening of two new doors. This plan is mpraciieeble.cal parties of toe day, and to ascertain, if possible, what, la a., probability, would be the elect apoa the country ofit contemns the masses, holdf no association with labor,and utters no word of eocfiuragemeftt to the poor. ItsprofesGlc-ns are impostures, and must e<on fail to deseive.Itlasbecome worse thantheally ofslavery;itisItspliant and prostituted tool. Wisdom and propriety must This evening the Brothers in Unity hold a similar meetwe on. selfe* bare be*n engaged withla the tact decade aa if me wcid make eo believe, h«' would have urged to- majority of the States agreeing to either of the c tndi. ed names. Their average age is fitly four years. The general has i ten awarded to James Henry Schneider. For decla- ted maiuiv to colleciiona illustrative of agrtoultnre,havebeensettledorlustsightof,andwe aronowabout to eni-v itto thai corUm which ia to define many of the m o a t m p e r t a n t p o w e w o f t h e g o v e r n m e n t , a m i t o i i i t h e charmierj of the d*n.oianl institute >n-<of the country. The p .,futy r,f re eUgioility to office, the exact rel*tioti betlaeeu federal iad lecal authority, the oonstlt i- tioo*i !y of banks and internal improvements, the re-gui«atinnandrarrltdit. Sir«rfromhavingdoneso,he iimself in the lead or thou: Seuatorsmoet h wtite to an ition and ta'cana* tb* mere mouthpiece, advocate and • g i r t o t t h o s e e n g a g e d m t h e w o r k o f f o r c i n g a l a v e r y i an now ill ing people. He enjoyed at that lime thedates. Restingontheseadmissions,fortheyareaccepteduniversally, we discover that every vote given to Mr.Douglas must tend to the elevation of lane, who, possess dropping down ot the average for the past year is quitemationintheclassot62thefollowingprizeshavebeen miningandmetallurgy. .^Sec /He. Tfttrd Div. Tbe whole interior is ocalitiTiilly painted, tbe passagesF. McVengh. H. H. Stebbins. in encaustic painting, thelarg* lecture mora tarasenmTh' BayIslands SHUinEnglish Hands—The Cause Why—.leer I am rot aware thai, In either es'ay or ad- I'recaiftums Against Wswfwi—Guarantees of h'ng of Vale, a huge tempus may be expected atfor a popuUr agricultural course, similar to tbe on* of,he has ventured «• reinir to it; but on th* contrary•ins disp *eit to t-eal it as a blank in his tile. Whilstthese- proceedings were |>ro^retising iu the Setiate, theothir branch ot Congress carried resolutions of iuve&ti-land, JVttnce and the United States—Commercial twn—.ijA"n» Steamer Line—The India Rasterlantlls, ate.Stagnm Twit—at the New Haven House to right.The talk about the meteor grows more and more inte-. . - . - . . « . „ „ » i . n .->ntiv(» a b i l i t vremarkable, and shows greater mortality among youngF i r s t p r i z e . F . J . C o o kSfCi prize... E. B. Coc.H . P . J o h n s t o n . G . C . R t p i e y .a n d o t h e r p r i n c i p a l a p a r t m e n t s , w i t h t h e e x c e p t i o n s f t t o laboratori, in fresco, with appropriate symbolic orna menu. Tbeexterior of tot buildfn? presents a tine api oarience or theSnuth and bis democracy was or- Douglas must tcnu v «" *»*•«-_ —•v—liecauee he uas lojxl t'lus taskmitsiorw; willing ing neither education, experience nor executive ability, meteorological changes during the year could haveaveragehasbeen,withoutmuchvariationfrom year to year.Trom sixty-two to sixty-four years This suddeiawarded:—,First. Divmen. Young men, here is a field for speculation. Whait.....,....Thik-d prize.H. Dutton.J. P. Taylorbattle tor the r roost extravagant demands. He vv is has beea selected to enable the South to make the moss wrought this ditterence? Or does it result from dlaeipw- prepared bv the lau Professor KiDgsley, for the year pearanee, and makes It aa ornament ta the city. A very (liairmaii of Itie Committee'on Terriu>ries, and 1 call out of an accident, in case it shall occur. To out Lans tiou, so suddenly commencing its work of death? ending August, 1842. The record for ibe present year is substantial fence of wrought iron and granite posts ia aU<4ilion to hn> report as such, made March 12,1816, as Lane la apostacy to the North, and In crouching, fawning The following statistics respecting th» graduating class the nineteenth or the series, and, for iho first time, ia now being erected around the premises, which will addUt.iu c>f the currency, and the distribution ot the couttuiive ufwn the p«»tot 1have elated. In that paper sul-cervieiicy to the South, need not be attempted by the have been furni=hed from a source said to b« reliable--!-. printed in pamphlet form. We select the most promi- Still further to their attractiveness.pro. • -us or the puhhc lands, ar# no longer agi- be at-tiid tlnd not!.IT'-.' to say against foreign conspiracies most ambitious in that line—uot even by a federal office- The averege age of the class is twenty-two yearf, nent class—1810 — The coal of toe baildmg and its improvements, for to Invade the soil of Kansas aod control elections,but he holder. Kven if I could believe that the leopard could five months and twenty days. The oldest Chancy Allen fioodrich died in New Haven, February which tbe departntect is indebted entirely to Mr. Shef-tate 1 ac 1 discussions upon them we poly to be had! much to raer in condemnation of Eastern associations change his shots, and Mr. Douglas do the North justice, I number refuses to tell his age, but Is 2611860, aged t». He was a son of Elizur Goodrich, and field, will be cot Has than 860,000.Simultaneously with the occupation of this new build- ing tbe standard of admission to the regular course of tbe scientific school will oe raised,an t tbe period of studyof (rand and force were .gotten up merely to stimulate axe just entering. 1 could not be less distinct in my ex two inches exactly The tallest man is six feet three Ooim., which place he left on ace unt of ill health, In be established, adapted to the canto of those who, whilet\ practlee, detrimental to both .individual* Mid aid excite Northern emigration. At the time of which I ,in; bions. Immense, inappreciable consequences depend inches, the shortest, when standing on a brick, can just 18J7 he was appointed to the newly established Professor- disinclined to classical studies, are disposed to a liberaluii* .uit'.-s, and against the aplrii and gpniuaofour ftptkk, tlit-re waein one m Cotteress ir out of Congress, uptu the decision we are about to make. We should brush the top of his head under tallest man's arm, in a ship of)Rhetoric In this college, and he filled this office edccatioQ of another kind. At toe conclusion of thisfoui. 1 u our past 1 .»tory and in the ri*-sll rrmunt to dfcoursge itnioval thither. He could d.^cover no ir- would not sustain him under the clrcnmstances which supposed to be' thirty five, having been dfcnnected was born iu New Haven, October 23,1790. After gradua-of i xt af-t partiesIt may In truth be sdSd that oldregtli.riue^ in the return ot Mr. Vrhittield,the pro slaverysurround us, and amid the perils which now environ us.with college tturiug the memory of the oldealinhabitant.tion be taught the Hopkins Grammar School for twodeMgaU'to thnHevwot iUrreswiiativea, but he clearlyth.;>- passed away, and all thing.* have income new. <li.-,;erned ttat fie i"irit»riaS legislature was a legally to talk plainly. I may have been unfortunate in succeed- logue The average weight of the class is about 140 troy 1814. liuring his tutorship he pursued his theological extended to three years. A.course of mathematics, mo The- v*aa time, not very tar back to thetpaat. when elected 1H"'>. Mtli perfect authority to enact the most ing too well in this respect. Feeling, as I do, aud know- pounds: the heaviest man weighs—the most; the HgheSt, sttidka under tbe direction of Dr. Dwlght. He was in dern laogusges xi6 science, Mutvalent to tbe four years' -'-• -•• [was universally admitted to be a ^ron*; in «. cruel and arbitrary slave coiHs, and that tbo comnlaiuta ing the vast importance^of the canvass upon which we 111 pounds. The average height of the class is five feet July, 1816, ordained pastor of a chnrch in Middletown, classical course of tbe acadtewtSrat department, will thusin iltnte i»r out of t'thce, who exerted himt'elf more untir-COBIf slem, Kow, however, it is declared to be divine ingly to perpetuate that reign of terror inaugurated to in- trembie when we fear that those most interested in tb*horizontal position. Gymnastlcally, the average mea- 1unjui 183*. He was then transferred to the Professorship course the successful student wilt, in accordance with toefree i4o-a, the highest type of hunau civijix* ion, aad suii iht-aiimii-sioi: of Kansas loto the Union as a slave,.• arable to the maintenance of a democratic repub-laseribea with the name of this Senator, who never have that we are so !ar right aa to be able to expect the favorpresent sud the rfuture, the frugal artisan and laborer, State. 1tear there art many now bearing up the banner may fail to comprehend iht m. But let us hope, citizens,surerrent -- are-—Around the waist, twenty eight inches; arm, six and a halt inches; around the wrist, five inches;of khe pastoral Charge ia the theological department, andI have not attempted a speech; my purpose has beenThe jou_gest is twenty, and reads his class in the »atayears, and was then a tutor tn this college from 1812 toin it.-lic, r rmerly it wif regarded as a condition to be con :uily undent'ed, or who have f rgetten this tarnished of Almighty Cod throughout our trials, and that He will around the thigh, eighteen inches; around the calf, four- In literary labor he was industrious and fertile. WhiletnJ.-r continue to bices the republic, until it shall bee >ma a teen inches. The average size of the bead, 20Ji; average a tutor he publbbed a compendious Greek grammar, of Civil Engineer (C. E ) The shorter, or tiro yearseta. :.y rt-Jneed, and anally to be extinguished- Now, on tage in bis history. If Acre hot f.vtr been a etore de-termined foe to the 'trtttth of freedom in Kansas, proper example to the nations of the earth and a blessinganoint of brain very large. The strongest man in the course, with tbe degree of Bachelor of Philosophy (rV whieh lie improved in the numerous sulteequent editions.class can lift (here I am at a less to decipher figures)—to In 1838 he published the first edition of bis Latin lessons B), will continue to be given ae before, students who venture,itiseither679or976pounds.CanHarvardbeat addGreeklessees,constructedonaplannowwidely areittcandidatesfordegreeswillalsobereceivedas these statistics' Grammar adopted. In 1829 be established the Quarterly Christian hitherto to pursue any branch of science which la taughtThe 200th anniversary of the Hopkins As this Spectator, and was its sole editor nnUl about 1836. He in the institution.g a t i * under a c'<«e divlilonoi pirtie-s, and sent a stlectclrcv.ms^nnces could not he construed other Vise than as C<nimittee to the Territory. The consequence waa such Notwithstanding that the treaty negotiated between such wonders are on track of the unceremonious visiter. edition of Webster's quarto and octavo dictionaries, em- will be fnnii.-hfd throughout the year for the exper.;i.enaffirm vtivo of their claims. I make the disiact avowal an exposure as satlstted the country uot only of the truth Great Britain and Honduras for the cession of the Bnythat .-.avery seeks the acquisition of all our new Stat*?, if every thing charged, but of existing cou^piracies be Islands has been ratified on both sides, it has not yet yond anything that bad been imagined The publishedTo-morrow occurs the meeting of the alumni, and much body ii g the results of great labor and research. In 18S6 is anticipated. The news from Worcester is awaited with-' appeared his University edition, and in 1850 his large great interest, and its arrival will either make every thing suj plenu.nt to W ebster's dictionary, crricued with anto) study or chemistry in its relations to agriculture, metallurgy and tbe arte.The metallurgical department is already possessed of a for iv..) object*: first, to secure the value uf slaves; evieeree'i ftectually revealed the intentions of the South, been carried ihto effect, and there are but few who un- mit-hty mum or raise a moan tremendous storm of entihu elaborate collection of synonyms, oi VL eh he was toe large collection of metallic ores and furnace products.and. MHU, todirectthepowersof thefederal govern- andmadeadeepimpressionupontheNorth. Itwasthena,eui i * • * * • >• J » established that neither law nor proprieties weTe to be al-lowed to ktaud in the way of slavery extension; and w ederstand the cause of the delay. A short time ago oar sisetn. "Give as victory or deala " Superintendent, in compliance with the orders of U Manther.During bis long term of service in the eoihge be baaThis collection ta designed ta illustrate toe characters of metallic veins, and comprises tall suits of or*? of toe most important metals, and collections of fluxes and fur-NEW HAVEN. July 25, I860.uccritlc (wrtv. Thia reality cannot be diaguieed, and matured plan of operations, at the head of which stood the treaty and the Queen's proclamation. But he found Discourse Before the Alumni of Hopkins Grammar Schdol— his labors and counsels were of great importance, an 1 his country. This collection already numbers several toonought not to be denied. It ia easily accounted for. Unity Uiqscrf crowned chief of popular Territorial government. no officer or representative of Honduras there to accept The Reformers of New England—Etekiel Cherter—Hi*Method dotations for this and other objects eonncotcd with the sand six-cmiens, and is constantly increasing.home government, proceeded to Duatan to hand over theTUP .'VtenaKin of negro aiavery into the Territories of ara almost driven to the conctustoi that the repeal of thethrl';*tdmateshasbecomealettledpolicyofthede Missourirestrictionwashutapartofageneralandwell islandstothaHondurasgovernment,conformablywith litr.LeonardW.Baconotth'OAb-geStreettfiureh—IIMorisal enlargementofthetheologicaldepartmentntoeco'lege, metallurgicalprocessesaspractisedinEuropeandthisthe 'eW at ana expeuee of the great mans of oar people.the r •4;x.Q«ibillty of it rests with those Northern men in wb ii n t hart repya*dour ooundence and clothed with the ;-k:'mrnt& of antamiity. Examine the recorded votv- >•• jour national Congress, and there learn why it that Northern capital and • labor are con[Uity.the "English bill.'' It was then the honored these adventurers are Americans, but a considerable, if port two hundred years ago to the General •Court of the ties to a remarkable degree; Daniel Waldo, toe si», organic chemistry, agricultural chemistry. heroic Harris, who now sleeps in death, shed tears of colony of New Haven, and inaugurated the Hopkins next oldest, and Mr. Smith, son in-law of toe (laish and gave utterance to • is despair. Over uiis not a larger part, is made up of the driftwood English- Grammar School. "Happy be it and prosperous." This minted. Ellsworth. Of the class of 1810 there wereDARTMOUTH COLLEGECOMMENCEMENT. HANOVER, N. H , July 26, 1869.ThecommencementexercisesofDartmouthCollege be-for the public service of the country," declare it, and not bet congratulate them upon the happy circumstances dore L Cuyler, of New Y ork, delivered an eloquent and right. David t'. Frederick, Is Kr. Douglas indebted for down a detachment of t#oops in the mail packet suffi- you win in I now salute—students of taj school even now under which tbey met this day. Their minds, oo thisin the veil has been carefully and closely drawn byguardians of Mr Douglas' fame, llis admirers havemen, or rather Irishmen and Scotchmen, of these shores. day is witness that the old pastor's prayer is an- Got emor Ellsworth, 8. F. B. Morse, A. B Hasbrouck. E.As soon as the Superintendent got wind of what was swered. Tbe long, unbroken succession of learned H Ely, A. Dimmick, Professors Fitch,Silliman,Thatcher, Ex President Day, Dr. Haws. Mr. P. Perit, of New York,:<l wisely, as It has prevented, doubtless, many un-a-'U'isurmises andsuggestions. Tothat boldest,and goingoo,and hearing byamerchantman trading here teachers in this ancient school, and the multitude wascalledtothechair. HethankedtheAlumni for thestaut'i horn*downbytneenormousweight of Southernexaei» L- When your reasonable requests are denied, Iteli <i|u. with earnefciBfSB and emphasis, it isoecau.see.it.'t mi.lions of men ooutroi eighteen millions throughour i<i i-eatativea ekcted by a party pledged to inter- I rei-cue from a whirlpool which would certainly have ciently large to overawe iho discontented and repel the cherished by this ancient bounty—fellow alumni, gath- occasion, naturally revert ta the time tbey spent in this spirited address before toe Theological Society, and est? .idv. rae to ouis. Mavcry educates its statesmen in a I 'uijdied hiu from a stain which would have oblite- party from Mobile, if it should happen that way. There ered to acknowledge the debt of gratitude to our {ilaqe, and the buoyant hopes with which tbey entered George Perley, of Concord, pronounced an interestinglest, and greatest, of all the warriors in the battle for that tw o vessels had left Mobile for the island, he sent of hopeful youths oi" former generations here'-bred up honor tbey had done him on the present occasion; could gan yesterday, aad were continued to-day. Rev. Theo-high ^ hool, under able proteeaors. it teaches that the I rated his heroism in connection w ith the cause to which foster mother—respected teachers, both of earlier Upon life when they departed from this institution. and finished eulogy upon the lata Rufus Ohoata. Rev. T. Northern m en are cowardly and that taeir ambition is he lia.~ *J ostentatiously professed to devote himself I fore, whatever m ay have been the plans of these wor- and of recent dale—yon all confirm the testimony. They could make a long record of the successes sad dis- L. Cuyler, President Lord, General Frank. Pierce andlinl eti with avarioc; and, unfortunately for ua, it has withhold the wordh in which the sca<hiug rebuke was thies, they have bsen completely nullified. The islands The speaker thanked the Alumni for the honor of treeing asters running through their lives. There was no timearguments to fortify ila faith. In half a century it m ay clothed. And \ e». this noblm and most self sacrificing of are still in the English hands, an 1 although it is posi- the history of two centuries, during which the institutionother distinguished gentlemen were serenaded last e- i- ing by the Germania Band.E. G. Psrker, of Boston, delivered an oration before toe Psi Upsilon Society this afternoon, which was followed by a poem on "Pluck," by Mortimer Tbomasoa, of New Yokr.R E W A R D S .whitf mtn, and a slate i>tate into the sisterhood of inde- las extended to bis opponents, and himself treated as an Prance and the United States in which those governments commemorated as the birthday of the college school (upon to offer prayer. * tod stolen fines No, M West Thirty ••rem b street white aaApecdetiiie- to throw the balance of power against their euen y aud an offcast, if VL e would res(»ect the memory of was entitled by the venerable historian of Connecti- ! The following is a list of Y ile graduates deceased during sleek, fejtther tail, on* buR spot oo tbe back near the UU. and own heor>ie. fome of these are now not only respectable are bound to protect the line of the proposed Honduras cue small spnt on the face and ear. This doe wa* *e i by a Aanot ue credited that less than a dozen men, trained under * mln, Mr. Dougias' protector, the mart', r to tiath, who intively announced that they are to be given up on the 30th of July, yet Ipredict that English authority will be kept there until Honduras is ready for the occupation, which willbejustassoonasthedangers from local oppositionhad been a fountain of liberal education, which during aii these generations had not intermitted its how of use- fuland happy influences. He badno fears that the source ol such long continued and steadfast usefulness would be the less interesting becauseitwaslittlereckedofaaa power in political history, and was overshadowed byfor this, hut be hoped all were happy, and thankful for too kind Providence which had brought them here to-1 Professor Thatcher then introduced to the Alumni toe oldest living graduate, Joshua Dewey, of Watortown, N.Y.,who*wasreceivedwithmarked applause. Mr.G. McLei!an,of the class of 1835, was appointed assistantthese!i rcusnatanoas, so alarmed a Pennsylvania Presidentas to iudure him to recast a meseage, violate the plightedUna upon which ha was elected, disgrace his nativeSiate. and degrade the high ottice to which he had butr.t-rc*.vbeenelevated. Andyetnotonlythiahasbeeathe fulness ot his heart and on bi« dj ing couch exclaimed, •[They have killed mc. tbey have murdered me, be- ckust 1was opposed to the extension of slavei y and a cor- rupt administration," upon his return home, and in the l.eurothissternesttiul,when fighting, like Spartacus, ufon Lis "bended knees, agaii El the pensioned hordes otor outeide intervention shall have passed away.dote almeat witum our presence, but the representativesof tire constituencies have been induced to lend their aid the present dynasty, and at a time when he bad a right It is true that the government of Honduras may be too more lmiisiug objects in the history ot education. Secretary.to fvce servile labor mt*competition with that of the to expect all possible aid frou. the man whose interest he weak to repel any formal invasion of the Bay Islands. The more serious difficulty was, that parts of the ) Rev. C M. Putnam, of the class of 1826, was called (»Q RKWAbD—A SMALL DOG 8TKAYBD OB WAS had made bis own, found all the sympathies of Mr. Doug- Bui fortunately for her. she has treaties with England, story must alwsys remain unwritten. Tbe occasionBiodctitk we can never support Douglas; it would be a Railway from all interruption or hostile dominance, in cut, "The Rev. Mr. John Davenport's resignation the academical year 1869-60, including a few of earlier ceased friend. Am person wha will ie ao kind ai to give aavmembers of the Douglas church, but missionariesami eg the unbelieving and outside barbarian*. 1 mark of baseness and servility. If ever there was a true perfect neutrality; and as these islands are the true key of of Governor Hopkins' donation to the General Court of "date, hitherto unreported:—havt some of them very distinctly ia my re sjunottheNorth,inhumanlybrokeninspirit,andwhobad theBayofHonduras,andcompletelydominatetheUseof NewHaven.June4ih,1660.'' (NewHavenandConnec- : 1792.—TimothyMatherCooley,aged87,EastGranville, collect .'U, and it would be quite refreshing to hear reason to exclaim, -Save mc from my friends," thatman the railway, it isevident that neither of these governments ticut were two different provinces at that time.) Tbe Mass*. Dec. 14 1869information of the dog will be liberally paid. Ber name is Bally.£ 1 A REWARD.—LrST, ON THE MTU INST.. IN NEW t p l U York or Brooklyn, a bull envelope, containing A va- riety of papers and doeumeats of no value to any one but the undersigned. Whoeverwillreturnthesun*totheotbeeat Messra. Ga Nun, Jordan A H„u No. 63 Wallstrtet, will re cehe the above reward, and no questions asked.JOHN B BORST.^let and Earring*; owner's name oo bracelet Who*rer will re turnthesameto299WestTwentiethstreet,willreceivetoe above reward and thanks o' the owner.PKIUSOAA1..A WEALTHY LADY, HAVING LOST HKR OWNchild. Is deairou* of getting a boy Baby to adopt: t. m a * beaboutoneweekoldaatheladyhasafinebreistofoulx. Address H. Livingston for three days, at bo-. IK Herald o d e . btating where the child caa be seen__ II im II Htheir ri marks m laudation of popular sovereiguty, such was David C. Broderick. Had Stephen A. Douglas but ean ptimit them to fall under the control of pirates or speaker read extracts from tbe ancient record, showing; 17(12 —Ephraim Strong, aged 88, Hudson, 0., Jan. 25, |1860,•L 1797.—George Griffin, aged 82, New York City, May 6,as taey denied to KanaaF, and ia'denunciation of Southerndiscbargtd the duty he sacredly owed him he would havefilibusters. This suggestion finds farce in the terms ofthat John Davenport* aa trustee, had received iu trust fromI'dwardHopkins,Rsq.,largedonationsforthepur- pose of establishing a small college in Now Haven Thedennnds.towhichtheysuccumbedasreluctantlyasa gainedavicloryforfreedominCalifornia,andwouldto-Mintneau, who said' 'the presents of despotism are always ledged as one ot the foremost men in the republic. He graphical position of Honduras, and in order to secure the prime movers in religious and educational reform in the aseothetreatyotcession;therenditionoftheislandsbeing thrice deduced damsel to her lover. 1 believe itwaa •!ay. in my opinion, be living In the land, and acknow- declared to be in "consequence of the peculiar topodangerous;" he should have included in his remark, the neutrality of the islands adjacent thereto with reference laid down his hie to attest his sincerity; many who pro- lieUlXMlll) Ul *«o iB.aM%*a _-r f _^_. -—....... .. .... .......thrtat of the tyrant aa well aa hia reward. fessed to hive him will, in wild revet and reckless exulta- to the railway projected through the territories or Hon-New Haven snu adjoining colonies were Baton, Hopkinsand Davenport. He gave glowing and eloquent delinea-1797.—Sylvester Maxwell, aged 82, Charlemont, Mass., Dec 21,1858tions of each of these characters, either of whom mightThe allegatlon that Southern eombinationa are formed tion, uttrr the name of him who could not find time or duras " So 1 fancy Walker ano his associates will find a well have occupied the orator's hour. He also traced ; 1861.—Thomas Kimberly Brace, aged 80, Hartford, *PJ.U street to the market, from thence tottreeovicfcsure*.forthepurposeofcounteractingoppositionextremists,is ipj.ortunitytospeakawoidineulogyo\erthegraveof waimberthhereabout?,tncasetheyattemptanything the relation between this school and toe grammar n sheer false pretense, resorted to as a blind and a the departed votary. Inscribe the name Broderick in in their peculiar line of business. Furthermore,Onn,June14,I860. ^N 1802—WilliamLStrong,aged76,Fayetteville,N.Y.fcheat.Nofbaraoversprangfromsuchparentage. fierycharactersopentourbanners—hewasyourcham- euoughhasleakedoutofthedesignsoftheseworthies schoolsofEngland. Itspatronshadalsobeespa-Slatery dors net exwt by legal enactment anywhere; It pion—ai.dyou at least can afford to do him justice. He to put the government at Washington on its guard, trons of the grammar schools of Coventry, to the August 31, i860.bentmeneocaaary. Yaasalignandtihjeclionneverim- prtas themaetves without violence upon the natural man, whist, en the contrary. Mm sentiment of freedom must forever disturb Urn subjects of a despotism, The South, to be safe, must therefore euend through andjeyonddowntrodden,humanity.Thetereferenceshavebeen made for a single purpose—to satisfy, if doubts exist, that in the great struggle between the South and the North, to secure the long 1>at equality of the latter, Mr. Douglas is sgaitsi us. Should more recent evidences be demanded,thePanamasUamerlineonthePaciiiccoast.The irade of a large part of Guatemala and Hondu-it. Thisidealedhimtoresolveonquickworkwiththe reformation which be bad planned for New England. Three co-laborers—Eaton, Hopkins and Davenport—came together, on board the Hector, to tbe wild shores of New llngland. They were reformers of Puritan stuff. Tbeyca4 that be more advantageously brought to bear than a !gat nation. Every vote that Mr. Douglas could influencederuess, so they brought with them, what no other planta-tion in New England possessed, a professional teacher torestsinpeaceontheheightsoftheproudcityofthe V'aeice.wherenoingratitudecanlongerwoundhim,re- lievedticmthenaifarebetween heartless factious,andnuthercountry,where the Eatons,tbe Davenports andtheHnpkinseswere,intheirday,prominent,men iuthepromotionofeducation. JohnDaveutxirt badob-1803r-JonathanInw,aged76,Cheshire,Conn.,Nov.4, 1869i ,1807—Jotl Adams, aged76,RichlandDistrict, &C, May 1,1869. ~1808—WilliamSewardPierson,aged72,Windsor, Conn, July 16,1860.1808—TheodorePomeroy,aged 75,St. Anthony,Minne- sota. June. 26,1800.iau.chtadofforJO,andaathesentimentoftheworldisagmnttit.McaLnotlivewithoutthesustaininghandofptw»r tMrroamded byan atmosphere offreedom,itisuec. t.-jnJy unaafe, and sSatutery safeguards and defences faith and bis confuuiice m the ultimate triumph of a steadily in consequence of the establishment of it seldom advanced farther than the first movers pushedwhere his ashes will remain an eternal memento of hisandcauseittocheck any suipiclous movements inMobileandNewOrleans directed against Ruataa. Commerce here is extremelydull, and Isfalling offser\ ed that when a reformation had been brought about,all the cesmtervaiUag infloenoca to which T hava then let an examination be made of the Conqrestional rity of our merchants liavo been so shortsighted as to came fully prepared st once to make a beginning to tbia refer ei, and consequently our frontier possess (11.i<containingtheballotsforSpeakerandClerkduring opposetheHondurasRailway,whichwouldagainchange workwifntheveryestablishmentoftheCommonwealth.ANT PERSON WISHING TO ADOPT AN INTEREST ing aad healthy male child, one year and a half 1810.—Qaui.eey A. Goodrich, aged 69, New Haven, old, of American parents, can do so by applying atoaxaiW:what the action of the Illinois, Western and Northwestern1813—John Crane, aged 69, fredonia, N. Y ., May 20, 18601813—Jonathan Ashley Welch, aged 67, Brookline,d'lapidate their totawitbal.nun- a. for what will prove to be hat tdtunaia deoision I Of ike (we, / a w l prefer Mr. Hrevkimridge. and vet mons !> have also piled great heaps of sand and etrth at nating in a point, aad tbat when be awaked bis beard taall ebaotnisi qqasatos soar presented to Um American ota swobm and txithnt; th*\oth*r in tamcealnd amd trick*.And.tpese,cpntraemp (de-loCv.1SC1 —Nraian Edwards Gray, aged 61, Hopkinsvule, Pott officehsWkasssaenAS:(a sttsaapta aexcN-by toktsgrnsjastaUtrrfa^r*^^ T ^ ? ^ " * • found yesterday morning lying on toe side of the Lebanon tumntke.aabortdistance fromArondale andbyitsside awtaestaaeand'e bsttfe partially tailed with the deadly nateeo. From sundry papers found iu thepockets of tha aVcewsed, it is supposed that b e waa a physician, b a t betes a etranger in the city, withont friends, and without ia__ediate means to gain a livelihood, he cb.se rather ta die than Uve a InV of comparative want. H« wasftl__ll> #_tus' _>DOUv WHr mmKlkmfVs9^9i..MwaMm^ w-•*"'w_—•• tol-Ws. a • •» IPIV' bat there was reason to believe tost bis family ia not en- 1855 —William Lewis Morris, aged34,Cambridge,Mm.,. 1appealtiyes ta anyttii,^ to the aa>-himuacompctoet physician,fromalips is but a drop of tto whole discourse which was finely written and eloquently delivered- The Bspktos Grammar School, originally intended for a col-• ssi' na^_.IIJ. — wm"i*^ffyiwwwiw.<*'^aw.www__-J»ithe datr of all- o t toe fodemo ADOTT-A ^ ^^^J*_2_?* stofwsSr respectable ftotostont family wldunxto adopt btsa raj • »rrasthe porta of Isabel and Omou, now goes by way of the Pacific ports of those States aud Panama, and yet a maj l-WhichlOTmerlycame hereby way ofone most be capoured. Bat aa Um inherent waak- the last session ui the House of Representatives. Ascertain the current of trade, vssUy augmented, io this direction. As they had men qualified to become governors and coun- 1811 —I-evuais Monsoo, sged 68, Hobart, N. Y ., Sept. V M ^ H M H H i a i H W a i M M W M M l ^ M M M M l ^ H i ^ *GRACE-ONLY RECEIVED YOCR NOTE YE*TKBDAY. Will be there to-day (Tburtday). at the time nam <e. Should anything delay you. write aa aefore. E.HATTTE COURTNEY WfLL F1MD A LETTER AT same station Post office, aad is requested to pay _ _ • * ateatieutiontoitIF JOHN MYERK,WHOFORMERLY RESIDEDDJ Liverpool, and sailed from London in toe ship T^rooio le NewYorkinthemonthofJanuary.IS»,aadititbehovedre aidedforaoenelimeinNewYorkandaewOrieiee,wffleosrwe fch uld be accurately informed as to their eflect upon cstfl oi popular sovereignty'' labored for his defeat; every TO* government of that Stale has made a contract with the small things of colony life. What his method ofthe poUo* are desire to see aatahlahel W e snonal not devotee oi* Mr. Douglas voting against him , with one ex- some Europeans for the devriof-eiuml of this enterprise, teaching was may be gathered from his "Latin Acci-bn made i<Mnsn«nts m the hands of any nmMti ins man, ception. Mr. Morris, of Illinois, in whom 1 nave very and the parties arc at work, it Is said, with complete suc- dent e," and from the traditions of his pupils. His methodSTJiT.J S L 1 ! ^ * ?"» «^»Uiathm of racUeas and un great confidence, declined te>ve*t*at ail. Colonel Forney, cess 1predict that toe next effort will be towards the of discipline may be inferred from what we learn of bun- 1S21— Frederick William Lord, aged 69. New York, *Lci *.- ot the Booth ia not equal to tbia task, craft Is re-noiti d to taaupply the needed awwlsnrw Upon whom !democracy was doting the protracted contest tor an or-1-onni excitement has been created within a few days by tbe announi ement that Messrs. Spofford and Squiers, of your city, will put on a steam propeller line between23.1869cillors of the State, and ministers of the church in the wil- 0l*r».deut withontcourage, a judge witaontcandor, or a was inviriabky cast for such candidates as the South pre- the Honduras* ports and Cuba, to go into opera- set up the school; and he, the most picturesque character Conn .Sept. 9,1819.lesu..ator without integrity? * * * • sented, including those of the most extreme and re rolu tion on toe 18th of August. With the prestige of kr. in all their history, the famous Ezekiel Cbeever. Coming j 1816—William Williams, aged 62, Salem, Mass., JaneIt> iu be notmns that I have spoken of Urn democratic tionnry character. He could afford no assistance to any gquier in these countries, aad the known enterprise of forth from a most accomplished classical education in 17, I860.panyw.tnontreferencetoiupresentdistractions. My oneti.itrecognizedbythepropagandistsasorthodoxupon Mr.Spofford,tlrslinecannottailtobeasuccess, AH 1817.*-JoeiJones,aged64,Philadelphia,Pa,,Feb.8,London, be brought with him his chief estate, the . 1860. reasonforsodoingisbandintheopinxmlentertainthat all{uestionswhichconcernedthem AndIverywellre- Hondurasisalivewiththeanticipation. beautiful manuscripts of his elegant latin poems 1819—HoratioMiller,aged61,Rhinebeck,N.Y,Aprilthese disatamona anno* attect issues; a t neither branch member when the nam* of Onkmel Forney waa mentioned l should mention thai a new branch of industry is now and of I.is dissertations to tbe same language. With all 12. I860.i 1120—JamesSmileyPrather,aged68,Louisville,Ky.. grva;ptytatnttnW—•aftheumea. Incastingourvotes fatewastobedecided,howdiligently"thegreatadvo ofeumelastic(indiarubber)onthecoastsorHonduras. hialineculture,bedidnotbesiuteto.applyhimselfto IFeb.14,1860.indieamit dlsposAion to meat, fairlyandopenly,the inconnectionwlib theoffice he nowuceupi«e,aadhis aimn—ndingconsiderableatuntio". I is theextriauttonecrui-uiousinan, to force an unnatural growth of slavery who never hesitated to advance the fortunes of Mr. cultivation and export of vanuut, in which the forests self to general. The pupils of his seventy years' career May 24,1860taIP JANE BARER (FORMERLY CALLED JANE BBOWK)_ y Brown, her mother, will call or send her aAsraw or Mary BroiThirty sixth street, one door west ot Broadant. est to 80 t e a Thirty . ___ _will bear of sametojag to bar advantage^JR.,WHOAM8WRRED RE.M.8ADVKattOtRMTWT . to Ike Herald of the l*h af Jaly, Savangh tee Maswaa square Po* office, wul and a latter tor ttom in ffatoa w—<•~WM.I ., ~ . . . , - _ — - _ — people. Douglas when be could properly do so, was elected in Cvcia.y to what has heretofore been the understanding spile of Mr. Douglas. Colonel Forney, I presume, waaabound.rose up with one accord to call him blessed when be 1822— Rev. John Maltby, agendo, Worcester, Mass.,oithec.4itt>ntaonaf the UnitedStates,andlapalpable violation of wfcfttrnsn barn regarded a setUad national Ki e v - I t - b o u l u , b a a m a l u r o f s t i n g i n g r e g r e t t o u s , i fn our beariai is thepresentcontest,Woould be feirlycl*J ged hereaftas with a viutotioaof the principles we CUSJfett a n ••,!•• m - '•>-•cherish, or with having imposed have .ong professed to charisnimeat to tne pathway of any the alightost, impeuimnotesdortedbythedemocracywhoswear bythepecu- liar institution Others m ay choose to forget all this, a n d 1 w i l l n o t c r i m i n a t e t h e m f o r d o i n g s o , b u t I p r o m i s e t.rver to forget it. Iam for my friends, and against those who oppnse m y friends. It I am wrong la thai let charity b e extended to me—I cannot help it. 1 have said all1desiretosayoftherepresentativesorUmtwodemo- cracies. There In a preference between them. I V one wStreet.Trouble in TenthTO THE EDITOR OF TBE HKF.al.P.died—no sufficient presumption that they did net tho- roughlydetest him, and caricature himon the blank pages of hia "Accidence," and call him " old Cbeever" below their breath, so long as they went ta school to bim. It was not to be supposed that such a Puritan of Puritans would err in bis regimen on the side of excessive miid-Hay 16.1860 1823—Rev.HenryAugustusRowland,aged5-.,Boston,Mass.. Sept. 4,1866.1825 —Jason Atwator, sged 69, Orange, Cons., April 1 ,Somebody has etidently got a contract for refavuig Tenth street, east of Broadway, and he has piied greatI860heaps of stone on the sidewades, to the delectation of ntss. Tbe boys learned to know him by the rule, "Ms 1827—William Wilson Hudson, aged 52, Columbia, Juneragamuffin boys, wbo tumble down the stones in ton nar-row cWseway left for pedestrian". so that these may his most distinct reminiscence of the famous grammarnawe watched narr«wlv aa itaasrlaanm|^|sfc i uabs I ransac -fTnrg-'^r ike esnsweatoswai wider which various point* in said >tmd, wherewith the Wanton the point it waa a sign for tbe boys to K|.,Nov. 1B,1»5».Dam yiar to yenr; and I Uuak I know the safeties of tb* 1 caaM ot townees' to support htm. Be assarts winds take great disport, driving it iu clouds into peo stand clear. It is written of him that be served God 1831 —Alexander Baldwin Thompson, agsd 46, Newark,VpSSIKO BOY -JOH1I lpOAJf SODDBNLY PBAl* M peered from toe atwe af bis employer, to Braalaxfsrewal yresidaBtoU snndldatos nm i e that the snppnrtsta of Mrnnf/ conosaltonat aa to hia designs la r _ J . _Mtbev sbouM dstire to resort to prevarication, they *M3> TZm"-1«Nmt t k ^ > f * » T U m . f e g• ihadahnostaaid.thereckleaBnesaof Be has been put forth, prominently, u speech and phOfufm. as tne Acnilles d Um armiesnmis9« frmtoOjIm upon n o single desno- waatwereregardedbyas sages of thepastaad theirU>e Supreme Conrt has decided tost slavary is an existing pie's bouses, filling their eyes and noses, and generally laittiuliy in bis generation, and abominated periwigs. N J Mav 6 1859." 'sroGStueiioeal institution in all our Territories, and ton provoking to profanity. Is it pleasant to have yonr par- Although ."the Clteevvrian education" was perfect and 1836—William Beach, aged 44, Albany, N. Y., March— . — J II_j _._—.-. £. .__t UrMIIMt_it is the duty eg Iks government to sustain it whore I lor floor covered an inch deep with dust whenever you unequalled, there were certain detects io toe " Cbeever tan •k»a trgaHy ovists Mr. Douglas contends the court character " which somewhat detracted from his amiable have not yet an decided, but if they shall do so, it wi I open yonr windows in the dog days * Of course tt isn't. nrss and dignity. History, he feared, would have to14.1860.1&40 —Rov. Jered Owen Knapp, aged 41, Beloit, W is.,July 14,1860.1841 —David Irvine Field, aged 89, Bolivar county.Miss., Sept. 11,1869.IMS —Horace Hall Raid, aged 27, Geneva, Switzerland,Mart* 17,1860. ^1845-RobertRankin,aged36,SanFrancisco Cal,Oct 1859of all gsodcttissns to respect thery branch of tbe federal goverurnen prompt *«* aad fidelity. Tim is hi fedend o_rt has not already given •t Urnnotion*«f Mr.BreoktoTherefore, oh H—_u>! call on somebody, whoever be n*y be. duly authorized to abate the stone and dust heapwrite that toe learn, d, sell-den; Ing, conscientious Ghee- vsr, was in some degree wilful, opinionated, and decidedly unmanageable. A curious record bad lately been disco- vered of bis trial before the First church, to New Haven, not for any scandalous sin so much as far being to gene- ral pragmatical,dogmatical and disagreeable. Hispar- ticular transgression- seems to have consisted chiefly inVfM. SIDNEY OARSMlTU 18 RBQUEHTEO W k P T t tB,S„,.i.*,., i»' BuissjMu inTEJ.rUSTMr^T.JH. in personto80States reel, *at!mustr!a_w£dsJsv_aiv1e2ss»atyow•—»'goons c* a Han flswaw—-stvs Vsaaa Oi»—Coroner Carew.saysUMCincinnatiGazette, of theZlstlast.,was caflel upon yesterday afteruuon ta bold an iuu,m«t uponSHOULD THIS MMKT THE TTTE OF *TMrwatf«'do as as aoon as the nueatw ibefore it. So at best the onl. Ibe body of a snaa named Goeb, wbo had committed anicide sneaking evil of dignitaries, to abusing the church and lltt.-Jacob Brown BJrby, aged 32, Brownsville, N. Y ., his relatives- homev who are awaseef « J » 2 S ^ - a - w »* * " ^ 74a_tn^toe's*yofNe.YcHt. A tot tirely extinct.elders, and in doubtful disputation. Brother Cheever nei- ther retracting nor giving answer, tbe brethren reasoned with him; tbey bad lor a longtime observed and wit neased against bis contradicting stiff, prond spuit; they reared God bad a controvosy with him, wandered what it would come to, and what God would do with him.«*"*•.*••». _. . - August 2.1869ewYo»ic,wa# among the papa*a found[lived ta that eity. further than these lege. Is now obliged to stand back and do service for theUntitled Document_ „ _ _neverand_ . _ , _ ^_._. ,_,, __,Cheeverfour years, aad begot sons and dtogbtors. Tbe speaker_b_ad_;. not' traceds thoe Use of descent from him. Bl.,October24,lis®yielded.He livedfour scorerat office. Bible Honor.table,; supported on his right by thetheir [authors feel bad, I forbear giving to the public themeeting, to which "allmembers of the Incoming class 'were invited, and to whom the society exhibited herself bills] and the two society libraries are to be under the on for tbe last year or more are at the expense of ttoalikerepudiateIt,unlessspeedilyregenerated. Ourtrue fog- sameregulationsasthecollegelibrary,agraduateli- samegentleman. Itwasintendedtohavethemcom-pardoimeccrtatcstatementswhichitnowseem?necessaryfchoutubemade,andthecorrectnessofwhich,Ipresume,will cot be impugned. 1 have sot yet forgotten when, in stitutioiialdcmniifs of the South. Iff con onfymalcett for admission an unusually large number of af plications of the President of the college. Direct communication pleted before the present Commencement, bat toe nature thewmterot1^5-0,croriBgthefirstsessionoftheThirty- fjftttval inoneuui;—bythesupport a/Mr.Lincoln. Heis Thosewhohaveappliedhavebeenmuch betterprepared will be liad from the college library to either society andextantofthenarkon ttolAboratorj havemi"ctoutpoltcy isthatofresistancetotheextravagantanduncon Therehavebeen for the commencement examination brariantobeappointedbyeachsocietyatthenominationtiny of the nation itaeif. The policy of our government ' raoeq their hcm«» and imposed a foreign rule upon them which candidate should be elected by the.people; it is higher standard of scholarship. One hundred and eleven i* highly siioken of. TbeRev. C. W. Clapp, of Bockville,there will be a general reception and reading room remainderoftbefirstandsecondstorieswillbedevotedseriouslybutthattheywill be admitted attheSeptemful coMidetratlon. Our lathers were unable to foresee, lar sovereignty" turned his back upon his violated child, ridge, and th^ir support will be almost, if not entirely, ber examination. This augurs another large class. tedious that those wbo can And anywhere else to go gene- is finished for a general lecture room, which will eastla, in many inspects, undefined. The more serious ques- for the purpose of forcing npoj them institutions which this—shall Mr. Lincoln be elected* The one hundred and have applied for admission, of whom very fear, compared took his text from Psalm 83, verses 17 and 18. Subject— provided. with scientific and agricultural periodicals. TnetloiaatfectBigashavebutrecentlybecometopicsorcjre- inthfirbebalf.thepridedfatherof"untrammelled popu-ly. if not exclusively, between Mr. Bell and Mr. Brecklnmenjt or Cod." The con^o ad cl/rums are so dry and to the engineering department. Tbe entire third storyduru g the formation of the constitution, the greater en- berrassincetstowhichthefutureofthecountrywaato be suspected, and consequently no provision was made Sga:i.it item. Subject* which distracted and divided them atheir deliberations haveWetunionoft4elr for- mer < •: ,.-.|neoe», and we seem to be more anxious to ascarta.n wiai ttoy shovld hare said further, than whatthey Actually did any. fcven the coatrover.»ies in which>se..i hia ears, as in death, to eomplaluta of outrage confined to that section. Such effective force as Mr. The current receipts of Yale College (acade- rally keep clear of 'em. I found what I supposed was a from three to four hundred personsthey al.Sir.rred, and mvoking the interposition of Congress tw< nty electoral votes of the South will be divided mainwith other, years, have been conditioned, and these not so"The Nature and Design of Punishment in the Govern-with ut a parallel in the civilisation of the century, Douglas may possess is in the North, but his most san- mical department) for the year ending June 30, better place, but am glad tbe concern is so worthy of be-despoiledpioneers,whohadtakenuptheirabode guinefriendsadmitnotonlythatbiselectionisimpossi-1800, have been a total of $60,027 90 OfTotoecentreormainbuildingawing hasbeenadded ing printed. If the author will furnish a copy and pay on tbe west of 60x40, three stories, including tto nigh postage we'll send it to the HBRALD. ' basement. The main floor is devoted ta tbe stossssa1Never was a commencement crammed fuller of sxerctse laboratory, and the library and apparatus rooms conTerritory under the most solemn puarantees ot seirmi ot, only asked to prove their aocusatloa, and to The body of tfcc Northern vnte will be given to Mr. Lin- from scholar.-hip and prize funds. The total amount ofcollected by thecollege treasurer, ontheregulartermT. B. Kirby.The first annual obituary record of Yale graduates waspractice of the German I'aiversUi s ia toe case of like at around the chest, thirty seven inches; around the fare hejcontinued in this place during toe remainder of his laii mix,ts, have conferred upon htm tbe decree of Doctorof Philosophy (Ph. D ) Or if a member of the engineerlift. ing lection ol toe department, he will reielve the degreetlt.ed "delect British Eloquence," accompanied by criti- talent in agriculture wherever it may be found In ad- resting as new facts come in concerning it. It is thought cal sod biographical sketches and arguments. To lexi dition to this a more detailed course in tbe chew.istry and that sufficient data has been collected to determine its cography he gave much time, especially during the last genera* principles of agriculture will be given each year height and paih through the heavens. Keen hunters <s fifteen ) cars. In 1847 was issued his thoroughly revised by the Professor of Agricultural Chemistry. OpportunityBesides these there is a collection of models of fur- the cession, and be accordingly retimed. The truth is, of leaching—The Alumni at Dinner—"f-rofctfor Ticining at institution were so liberal as to entitle him to rank among naces, as well aa of plans sectfoos, fee., of smelting appa-of u. wruai and unity of desire will always produce a per-fect cam i-almtiea of strength. The fortunes or theSouth ba.cbcoome completely identiiled with their pe-cabar iomcaiioretattaan. By their harmony they have Mr l'ougias' terra of office wasnow aaprouc.lnng its close l-iglish (negro) squatters from the Grand Caymans and IT. tlafip—C<mtm>itcement Eirrrinex—Prvse/i Awarded—ilntt• sident Woolsey, March 5. was printed in the Sew Ema- ing great facilities for instruction in thia department.bit *r»iWed to govern the democratic party, and thus tar Itfuel unlikely that a desire fur a re-election, and a others of the Leeward Islands, are completely divided on rt.tiny Mittinf) of the Atamm—Lht of Dtccatfd Graduat'*— 7wirier lor May, and also in pamphlet form. Professor lirueh has also added ta toe collection* by de-the largest of its pecuniary benefactor;. A discoursethat thepeople of the islands, composed principally of Chairman—The Funds Badly Managed—Sermon b)fJJejr. C. commemorative of his life and services, delivered by Pre- ratus, anda well equipped sxtaltnrgtcal laboratory, aflerto KK•*ru the country through the agency of that party. iledge of the couviitioo forced up.m his State by positing, for toe use of toe students of the institution, hasTin <•iu*.forceofthatorganizationbeingiutheSouth,and examination alluded to, induced him to look thequestionofsubmissiontothe Hondurasgovernment. AddrcfnbyJiec.G.Richard*, d*'-.4*<*. iJoelJones,of Philadelphia,isanother nameworthyof privatecabinetofminerals. Itcontainssomefourthou-Slav, ry [iropaganilwm regarded there aaa necessity, it can- h clflerent eyes upon Kansas, and created an Some favor the transfer, but the most vio- Quite a respectable audience assembled at the College mention. sand sivcimens, and for fullness ia toe numb -r of speetos,not t>t couttdered strange that the lutiuetica of the party shoiiidibe ao direeaen as to fortify doctrine* most conge- nial loithe euppoee* welfare ot tbone who direct itu ma- chinery TO many it has seemed unaccountable that evtm ;ve action ai.a legiatutive aad judicial proceedings sue . d,be so shaped, rrum year to year, as to strengthenlety on his part to take up the cause of The meeting of 'the alumni was appointed for nine and completeness of toe suits of the several species, is, robbed and wretched people. I cannot certainly lent are those opposed to it. Availing themselves street Church yesterday afternoon to bear the historical O'clock this morning, and near that time many distin- for purposes of instruction, anriirpamrd by any mineraiohow this may have been, I only state a sad- of this circumstance, a number of adventurers have sentdiscourse before the Alumni of Hopkins Grammar School.Prof. Twining introduced the speaker of the occasion,imsbed men might have been seen collecting about lumni Hall. The meeting waa called ta order at twenty minutes past nine by Professor Silliman. senior. Amonggical collection In this country-.Tne Faculty of toe acientiftc department consists ofand miraculous change came over him, andarms to the disaffected parties, and have themselves goneeven professors, besides assistants. Tbe prefeason—ips !bel."' He opposed ibe admission of Kansas under the. over in small number, with no hostile demonstration, Ilev. Leonard W . Bacon. The following are portions of nose invited to scat* on the stage were Joshua Dewey, i re ot toe following branches:—Geology and natural bimna while he seemed to glory ia the name oflompton constitution with 6ccming seriousness, aad however, but with the evident purpose of siding with the his discourse:— he oldest living graduate, whoc is in his ninety- ry, civil engineering, general and applied cbemtsvy, mi- Let it no lohfer bo regarded as a marvel or a mystery: n announced his determination to vote for the greater rebels when the crisis should come round. Some of ••(Juod Fe'ix h'autlumquetU." So spake John Daven- ourth year, and enjoys bis bodily and mental facul- neralogy and metallurgy, industrial mechanics and phyCent..Feb.25,1860. Clintonstreet.:*.Rev 6 Riebero*, of the class of MM0, being caUsd id and partake." Did he I reckon. Th^rewi"* upon to apeak to the memory of Professor Goodrich,grousd.______been conspiciouB for his zeal atd efficiency, and for hisdevotion to the religious interests of the students. In the nace products, illustrating mai-y of the most important1621—JohnGoulding, aged 63, Stratford, Conn.. Jan. munieete with Mr Richard Teebay, of Liverpool. AaWeraey at 10,I860. Law, without delay, be will boar of sosaetoinf to ha ad«asOctober 6,1169. , _ , „ _, _ 1866—DaewMDouglasShaw,aged26,Hemdea, M.Y.,December 29, 1869 __ 18fcT—FreaertcNatbaaietChurch, agsd"», Salisbury,tne I Qona., October 4,1869. younger, orerehatlowing old Yale—leading up ta tor por7,1859.1847—Benjamin StevensMilkr,aged82,Oxford,N. Y.,••latelycaUSngat93Mercerstreet,whw arranfaawo-1851—Joseph Perkins Griswold, aged 26,Lyme, Conn., 1848 _W ttlitm Aitcbisoo, aged 33, China, August 1*.Jape 9, HW0. > ' _ _18M —Erfckine Joel Hawes, aged 31, Plymooth.Cosut.,Im-^Josrp* Warren Blachly, aged 28, Brooklyn. N. Jaly 6,1860.B K A I R ADOPT-A BOY.NINE TBARB «LD.[ T J2KY ., April 6,18601868—James Raymond Goodrich, aged27, Kewanee,hlaisl 110 West Wl^t-tiihat-et. M -_d >~r> ur*r_TM ADOPT-ANY PERSON W»HING TO ADOTt A»art A REWARD.—LOST, IN OOING DOWN P'RING totheNinthavenuecarsaMoroccoCase,withOaim-oBraeeportance foam Sen Salvador thatformerly of Ketoo. be would relieve «k *J£t »inw TInfant from btrte, wilPptoaar •aawsC-D-."•J—tmtoitowr •BCUeJUl JJtfDJTOalAt'CO.Exported!i m MMorpan*sso • • - T."~T.T-T-ITTT^'- -^...i_!a toe '.aviime of ibe yoeto whs has not p»i ttana-n saved Let es net be deceived. There are bat twntm history or to whom he 309 South 4th Fulton New Yorks relatedt k « « _ o u i be boo-Li of any "taee *«»eJslMB *+t. ^ bea.t^Sed.aLd an.,warr.* « _ _ ^ WLiaertraW-L1appealt«tantoknowwhethertoeitaowenty< doctrine* betweenwinchwecaachoosewhenweceaaege of by the I tale the ambiuoua, unnedged treahmen. and of allKtWhe, I iv.T —Edward Tbertfon Fuller, aged 21, Huntington, Tbebodywas taken cha 1,T-^joT.LT21- and^._ui«lb**doftoe «*l^««.__ «*,f r e s h m e n w h o e n t e r Y a l e n o n e a r e m o r e t h o r o u g h l y p t r he - e ! I S . Y . . N o v e m b e r 7 . 1 8 6 9ire- I Totalnumberotdeaths43,averagea,;e£.4years.tot * # r s * * * t e a r b _ i k « i a C a w i a , t h a t t b e r o e . u t -www.fultonhistory.com_w i l l t _ i n u - r r e d l - > d • J a t t h - . • t s e a s e o f1r3069waThomas M. TryniskiStreet 