 l-j|«k VEW-TOBS. TUMDAT, FKB. 88. IMP.«HB KBW-TOBK TialBS. IlVOMUbri iatha Tlin« BnlWIng. «*<»«»« »»Cttyat' ynD-g<yr» ii(ti#/ €l#Nfe M«nd NaMui MrMti. £rr«»!VoRK Truss (Dafly) «• paMtohM eraTy« UHBlABT,bribe him to vote for Gin«oH J. Tockkb for Presi-secresy, energy, Committee of threefirm-The true reason, therefore, must be sought in that extreme sensitiveness that makes herthat ought tolanguageBaUPaiki on Park-row, Spruceas catholic a* the language of love. One town SraAxoica, who was re*flmod.*aA Stgaar Jaaak who was at least BoOl lh***st<i*lB.fir'IS>>ud«TeniM-PriMon thethe times of the Austrian"TTir^-..that in the handswhich seemsmate that the whole Eastern world is not herLago steeplel Ing—hurmred the af Ik* aa«a1*0 C«»w. "ttrrwl Stx DoLI.AU k TMr.dent of the Croton Aqueductmade, and adioumed to meet again byrespectable.some reason—probaUy beeana* tfear -we» p> a«l*l^IkvinUSTOK OAUTOBHIA <«lMt«W<*>WiyltotliteMMC. Price,inwnppera,S oaabkc ibilt ooplM.wa» concurred in. The Committee on the conteated seat of John Baeic reported adverselypraise. Shewaathoraa^lrialatedUaBtt*IWAUiAOK'S Ta«M !!*»•keepVecchia swefd andAncona and Civita was, cored.for have businessnpmtoBatr •••iTbouu-1pervisors Mr. Blcnt'8 resolution directing the Dis-o^ce during goodportsmay now throw in theshe will bebACBA KSXR'STHXAnS-^IAMnOlin,OBn* totheCommittee andPolice. on Criminal CourtsCommunicatiOQs from District-Attorney Watm-England enterprise,prelatewhoSinus.res<jtittaBa«flrf^tt ittCf Mi|ii,lbr^ to reportforthwith what tMknttjM* bMamade for clean-ing the atreeta and try what authority it has beencAtanil bto, and di<aetia( the Clerk of th« Com-mon Conodl and the Comptroller to sign no war- cancies, he, too, would resign his post. He Toikeytanu in faror of B. A. Smith for street cleaning told him that experience had conrinced him of tirely on financial and mttii otherwiae ordered. Tbe Board confirmedthree the the impossibility of commanding a force of six HealthWardensappobited bv City lo;ne Italians, as ourBailedmns (SmI WMU7)-TnaiDol- In the Board of CouncilmenMr. Hooam presented;to inti-tZmXW-TOBK the street apreambleandresolutiondenouncinglodgedby paint-of Its church a bright scarlet the verdict of thegaa^ ymlHa^A—uMKTCMi tiroo«ple<teoa**4dna(l9rFmDou.iu. theThe NSV-TOBK TIHXS (WtMrh-tm DeUAU a cleaning contract entered into betawnedenMr. Mayor,the-the white tow- tborouahly acceptablgeo.ds.B)biobou diitlaMhftai I »elf In the third act, and wax a ceBlda* lAsra. laCoSmmiitth,- CMtf twmtftr mmt.tiaitt n- tes -of three to report specificalions, and theirComptroUer. and City Inspector tweatjreopiMto«w«ddr«ntorTnDRTDouiu.Anf asausurpation,andappointmgaspecialtmisopiee to oae(ddnHfor Twwltm DouauyearftnmnmuUHtrua latM(R4M«•««anr.;;— to itstreet cleaning. The reso- ii psbltihed on tke lution from the Board of Aldermen relative to thisItalian tri-to hold his ABMlMntelMaddTeaadtatheFabUahera"Nnr- wasnotacitizenatthetimeofhiselection.Aletterargument.nottmtt• On*UTulibl7InadTaaea. t«M TBW.Sav-TaAdtj."tohisrightseat,Vnr WWCBI THKATIX-lfi-oox-i-ni-Tsoua BDBT and Ex-District-Attorney Hall, expressing the belief that the publicity which would result from the passage of the resolution would wound BAWVini MUUUII—AllenaoB—Thx Ddhb Satot- many uimecessarily without subserving the publicunder this system in London. And we may add, both with theory,well to l>e free Italian citizens of a free ItalyFROM ALBANY.AU> Aa> an Ifincii—Taa Ainxi Ka». Krealac—interest, were referred to the same Committee. Areorgan-and hisout a voice in their own affairs. And whennewspapers, cockades, bouquets and flags are refused them, they utter their sentiments by Roman candles.Ta OweaeeaMUOaOKf HilX—Ka. 8tsso5s> Lioruxn ahsSA^iOOV—FA^MB OABDUr—Ta> AMraaoa k Oo.'f HaaAaasia. of The People ti». Pformer, convicted of man-moreover, that the Secretary of State would ization ofas to the supportPopeCardinals,with-PR0CEBDIH68 OFTHE LEfiDUTraO,.THUm rSAVOAIS—Li Bohas s<n Jioaa Houn the Board for 1858 and 1859 at $2,000 per annumeaoasaOaaiarT'iMramau.incriminalcauses. Thecasefor a special duty on his own authority.If heISCSSMLDOBr GALLXBT—ExaiBinoic or PAnmnss.AOADIXT Of DBSION—zBiiRion of FAnrrraos.hearing of appealsslaughter on March 25, 1859, at his leataurant. No.attempted anything of the sort, Mathk ed no part of his great plans for France. TheyThe Editor jof the New-York Albion,from Rome to that excellent journal, gives the(UXAIi-BTBEKT, Ko. M«—Whitlook's Fail GALLiaT Sessions commenced yesterday. Recorder Bae-received.The Committeeor Oa FAJramai.KEV/a OF THE DAY-NABD, in view of the cases remitted from the Oyer and Terminer, being desirous of relieviae the CityPrison, as far as possible, from the crowd of pris- oners now occupying the cells. Several burglars" It is the custom on this occasion—the Pope having performedHighMassatSt.Peter'sinthemorning— officeofScboolreported agaiast jivmj^jgg (^niera was a very laige meeting of Republicansat Cooper Institute last evening, to listen to that and one man, for an outrage on a young child, wasVi. Mvarious notad political exhortsr and prairie orator, Xbx sentenced for eleven years and six months.terras,notlee of a blULnoMJi, of Illinois. Ur. Wllliax Ccllik Bbt-ANI (Miiaided. The speaker, as soon as he appear-ed upon the platform, was vehemently cheered,Buckingham Palace,-another at the Houses of the difference between the bold, terrific leap of means general in the latter—Indeed tbey were con-Parliament, but neither the Speaker nor the the lion, and the slow, of the apicaously otherwise. But this Is not the corioua signment or aale of any Ilto ammltf, wkl^ bf ^mand onrlnc the delivery of his address frequently steady closingontheSharelist intheafternoon,colors— and white— green, red,appiande£ layator SeuaLAB, that those who framed the Consti-tntion luderstood the power of the Federal 6ov- •nwMiit over the question of Slavery inthe Territories as well, if not betterthak ourselves. He agreed with Mr. Done-LAS on that point, and then proceeded to de- buyers;The transactions in Cotton were limited, though hadanyexistingadvantage. Flourwasin fair demand, and was generally firm. Grain was less active. Provisions were freely purchased. A atiated that only three among them had ever by moderate business was reported in Groceries. ward or act indicated a doubt as to the power of the Besin, Spirits Turpentine, Linseed uil and Tallow Fedmi Govenunent over Slaveiy in the Territories. were more sought after. The movements in otherto secure approbation by previous good con- for France. Napoleon III. wishes to buildCommiasioneis to remove anmmarily al «-what the precise understanding of our fath-duct Our Police ComAiission, in short, should the Suez Canal for the same purpose. Napo- offered to tbe various admhustratlons of parochialsimply occupy a position in relation to the leon I., though constantly engaged in sangui- the city certain sums of money, as ia usual, to be ex-Pilotcroacbmects on the ext«tar Ilae aad ail obsfrnstkMi in the Harbor of New-York,velopeia was in that particularand in doing so,- deraon-ofthemhadvotedforbills,andWash- branchesoftradewererestricted.Egypt,State in England. They should appoint the disturbed state ol France at home, neverthe-Twnty-thieenfOKUf bad signed a bill, by which Congresseinitad a i&ectaiy power over Slavery in the onlyTenitaiT thep held by the ITnited States. The con-c1dAb(jkntion of the address was devoted to plaintalktot£a|ieapleoftheSouth;anassurancetothem branchoftheCityQovemmentasthePolice Oat ttie Bepublican Party is the conservative par- must be a work of time, patience and resolute t]r of tbe dxj, and that Republican principles in re-tiitkiB to Slavery are the same as those o^lieved in killSuperintendent, and exercise a general super-less found time to survey thoroughly and mi-at " new wind of doctrine" anyteiM Into aprotracted argunfent to show that both Xmn and Wisconsin had practically nulliiied the Fugitive act; especially replying to the recentspeechrataUatory charges broughtsurpriseof Senator Doolittli, andwith a promise and pledge that it should no upon which they seem to have entered. longer be used for political purposes. Thestatement to Babx,—had never seen or heard of toAthe that Senator agllna* the State of Georgia. The Senate after-adjourned. The House passed the Invalid Pensiim and Uilitary Academy Appropriation bills. dence,France will not at the Suez Ca- present pressnal project, since it meets vrith the oppositiongroundlessas a could chargepossible be,Ur. CoacKLiKG moved a Committee to inquiresystem, on which our own has been substan-and which his and judgment approves,or thedegreeanyfurther legislation is reqilired fortiallythe Commissioners have taken a which is signed to be of such incalculable benefit to the stepresolution in favor of printing 25,000 extraof theTresident's Message and documents withoutdeavoring to shield a tool who had violated a breachthe administration of justice. Which it is, it of tbe ptlvlleges of the HouEe, by the baa* repeatingslander.Speaker LnrLSJoair expreased regret that the naaebyBoard elected a Superintendent in whom theThe Soe2 Canal.tothe oanal statistical matter, and 5,000 only with likely destroy,tonot only the efficiency of the civilized world ? It is plain enough everyis always impossible to say without further information./of the members of the Committee upon the recent cejabration to make explanatioas in regard to the entertainment of the Seventh Regiment—an at-tempt which the pertinacious opposition of Illinois members baffled—the House was called for a vote Byand France, grows out of the interference and opposition of England, acting through her Min-but never- beforeus. Insteadofdemand- theless,itisquitecertainpeopleinthispartofThe Pro Rata bill was then taken up.Mr. FiAQLiK offered amendments which entirely change the character of the original bill by making arepellinghis ownwith these, and found themthat there isthatcopiescourse he has decided to pursue.views generallyuponsubjectof State at onceb was BOt beard to decided advantan, tor tlieiwas subsequently read from Ur. Bakis resigning hisseat. AresolutionoftheBoardofAldermen, directing the Mayor to offer an additional reward of $2,500 for the detection of the murderer of Wm.voices. Under soeh cvange qmarMM c/ppoAoK Hmiiaataares it 1* ^^Mmammmaam TUm Braalac*•AXOMV—Oeon^ Botai AM»iut«*"«« 8. Tuns, was concurred in. In the Board of Su-^he sole fmmtain of reward and puniahmeBt He can diamisa, promote and detail at pleasure. He holds his behavior. Hewould again be covered with th6 canvas of allgreen.In Rome itGoTiwroE'i Wiia—JaaarLran. trict-Attorney to report the names of persons in- 6ARDSW—be to the wharves of (toma la Lcodoa. It of ooona,THIATBi^^TO BoMHfll •» A P«OB been tried, why they )iave not been tried, and the details of the charges against them, was referredliamentthense wholemade ofthegarnished mayany Jimeri- at theTbedioreinBKweIl,hatwa*aaa*fteaar i«att andtnefiicleBt. Notaataigletnctn«*bs*to«Wai the aganj piece* whldi WDtOr «Beii •(resolutionfixingwere sent to the State Prison forOn the Stock E&change, yesterday, there was anLord Chamberlain nor Lord Chancellor everimprovementin State .and Federal Stocks, and athinks of picking out the men whom he requires. its quarry down. The first Napoleon could to introduce in their variegated lamps the Sardlaian a of a bill apenalty (MO. Also, fixing flMatieL.,_The Commissioner, and the Commissioner not negotiate except as a victor, for the effortto know which of hi* men —of United Europe was to humble France henceHis text in the sentiment of Sen- aftA- a fluctuation through the day of i®l ^I needsay, are beyond measure obnoxious to tbe Govern-cent. TheBankreturnshowsaslightlyincreasedisare fit for any particular duty, or deserve any the sword was hisaverage from last week's returnthe Specie ave-ment of his Holiness.absolutely surprised atHr. TauuB Introdoced a bill to limitrage being a rising one for the present week by the accession from California.only dependence.boldnesswas set forth, though I have not beard that It was fol- lowed by any repressive or vindictive proceedings on thepartofthepolice. Itissaidalso,thoughforthis I cannot vouch, that the Powers of the Vatican had:surveyedship-canalauthorityTronbles of Our City Police.vision over hisbut with the internal ar-the Isthmus of Suez for theof is now in-rejoiceaad acted vipoa by the founders of tbe Republic.Haalaocoimaeled the Republicans to deal gently Indeed, considering the nature of the work to thorough efficiency.question of Its correctness, VaX a nemberof VtmHouse had applied for $100/»0 to defeat Voa fnRau bill, made a report. Tlksy set forth teatiatoarsurprisedpoliticians,this,nothingIsthmuscould not be constructed profitably as a stockoperation. £5-,000 were raised, and Stephen- naughty world.";Napoleon in. sees that his way to reach the same ends is by diplomacy. Napoleon I. conquered Egyptthe i aawapaperlatthis evening.the aid of athe power must beof one man, who must begenerally for the use he makes of canal would have one effect that the pride of This flaunting top-knot, withon the that he groundintime would care who held it, while the Mediterranean, onthe salary of the legal adviser ofEuropewas also referred.The session of the General Term of the Su-preme Court yesterday was chiefly occupied in thealso the case of The People »». Fowler, convicted of ticket swind- ling. An extra Term of the Court of Generalment out of the hands of the Colonel, as of se-letter. The projected invasion of England, the disastrous one of Russia, and the exhausting campaigns in which he spent his energies, form-Keport of the-^an^Mr CormpttoB.Coaadttee «•36 Bowery, was heard;plans, Emperorand followingKemonstrances against remartng ih« Eaat H*v City. Wednesday last," says, steamboats, and against pn rats railroad toils ««nextensive amritk their opponenta, and to remain true to their be done, and the influence certain to be arrayed We trust some steps will be taken to avert son, the celebrated engineer, was sent out to craed.The reform of so important andtheyshould have noth-thecanal the— andwearenotandelse, which constitutes the real bar to itsPerugia will only make them burn the brighter, and " throw their beams" further stiU into athatit should encounter frequent and formidable obstacles.fit ofand it isto ascertain if aHere, several year* ago, the mrriTor, Sirihat It will nbt pay—that to feed It wm 1 entire^Koinaa CaadHefcwho aremay have their effect on the spector, listened to a speech from Alderman thousand men, engaged in a service requiring will deceive no one else.Sultan,buttheyin which he that an attemot to chargedbe. Thesimply llhistrated Vut nda of Iliberty is bad. "Wa te iDf InteleraUr boa.taikMiin a remarkable degree,Board had been ness, strict order, discipline and subordination,ofwent to of the SecretaryRichabd Math*,State and informed him that if he filled the va-subvert the hydraulic(bit Egypt— ireader* know, like iioft forbidden to apeak their ndndathe force of the Matnk ha* erer aince been aole Commissioner, aad hi* authority in thefor theItaly, Austria and Russia,lectinga of Sir Richabd Mayne's men squadfor and itsobstaclesway canrecognizedhardly paykeeping. Spain, France,o*a- pieces (and there iie masr la tUsoDSim) ateright done in as many days. Squads of the innovator. Those wasting wars left him onlythe Eternal$-5,000,000on the Printer. Four ballots resulted in the we understand by the united vote of Mayor powers Europe fur- over rata and 100choice of Ur. Thomas H. Fobo, of Ohio, who wasdeclared elected. The House then adjourned as amark of respect to the memory of Hon. CtbusBnax, a Member of Congress from Ohio, who hands of the Superintendent and lodged in a ried out, the reason why England, whomdied last Bummer.a especial dutyand detailing, appointing,small caucus, styled Mr. HoBACx Wnm, editor of the Chicago Press with theCommittee, ofchargedand Tribune, was before the Senatorial Investi-gating Committee, yesterday, and'gave some tes- and regulating the men. Not one of theis already on the both to the Frenchlikelypopulation,timony, though interesting,throw any light upon the rise and progress of the Harper's Ferry foray. He stated that the National Kansas Committee was organized in May, 1836. It diabnraed $120,000 before it was dissolved in March, 1867, but of this amount not more thanhis own responsibilitysible to keep up the disciplinewhen its commanding officer can neither re- at dead lock by the British Government. Thisarm*. Mr. Wain had met Johji Bbovtn on threeoccaalaBS. He saw him for the last time at the change made in "Mr. PiLSBtmr's posi-Ourpenditure thus far made upon the Park is con- such is the case, and we confess that this is a previously jeporled.JLMor Hoiue, in this City, whan he was endeavor- tion is adirectsacrifice of thelimit of cost set forth in thethat the is not whether the Commission-Mr. CALUCOT offered a preample, aettlDg forth ttatIt was passed accordingly. l^jUereiarv Btajitoh had left for Washington, to laber for the admission of the State. He is under-Police law we must see that ;New-Yorktheir -Park costs, providedhouse, with the certaintyposureriences must materiallybeact might passed.thecopy Englishin the morning. A few such expe-of on through freightWood and the Republican members,of the Police force has been taken'out of the"on which it is to be car- 1860, asked for a sum not to exceed $2,500,- nishes us with the number ol crimes known tofor miles, etc. twentyHr. BuoGS' bUl to reorganize the Harbor-Masters'the proposed Rata charges, by Mr. Flaslib, anait did not tend to Commissioners has the hardihood to tell us on groundterms satisfactorywith shame.100 percent.;miles,50 lees per cent;its working is also copied.to be a candidate for a seat in the United The London Police, when established byf*(tofdBUM* Senate.considered, and provided also that the thedelights6irther has been done towards explor-aBMhing contend with than ours. byfrontier of the India possessiona, the Company saw in all the troubles between Persia andexpendituretuM the late of the Hungarian and her paasen-1 t inn wuhad ashorebeandried on, it would have sunk into the condition to learn what thewere not monopolies, for everybody may build toadsto with other. TheychargedwSSJ^ppiedliohavelayingThis made England againown a Battery,on present day.make their minds that it is pos- ptndedmarkets of the world to our doors, andBtateadvertlshig. Thebillenabbnga bill to violateit will establish trade,—to enact manifest wrong,—to do laioalle* laCollege purehaae Commiuee of the Whole,population, a fresh claim on the good-willraihoads,-to saciiBce American to BrtlUi aatar- prise —to drive away the trade and riWMimii* «f the State and its great Worst of aU, it IsIn Divorcean un- As it now rise in the valuation of real estate which the City ComptroUer traces to;been among the lost, hadperfectlyintelligiblehad baeathe ioomed vessel. notembStedupon -and to war again goface of solemn treaties,with which she The total destruction of an men in one of these gorges—dwelling-house at theUnion-squareour merchaa- without tram- dice from place to place with the speed of the wiod,at our feet tributes nf all quarters of tae globe. They were charged with beUig coDBpetltOB things of the of the canals. This was true In a degree, but legis- late as you will trade wlU still go where It caa gaProt Ohaiwo«tjuryjustifiableAllah Ooowuch. of Yale Coreturned a verdict ofhis reeidence in New-Haventhis,been carelesslycheaplybeginPark can dolete/Sedia""ImonfthlHlU introducedand finallyinvadeAffghanistanate was One to dimimsh yesterdsy,reallybill, authorizing divorcesparty IS a drunkard of threewomen, giving them absolute control*"this same vague, indefinableher now oppose the French projectchangedis, the emphatic•'the great metropolis."emporium.violate the faith of the State andyears'adopted. An amendment to the act relativeof a canal a work so impera-a bill totuiion of the United Statea.the Coasa-wasto marriedand workof without the use"the bill was ordered to a third The char-doing theirof that offensive system of espionage"here last night—or rather for played,Mr. Flaolis spoke hi support of the bUl, taUhg tks"J^L-'i,°*"',l'fopeny, was likewise adbpted, and reading.and in- Interference with in- whichtheFrenchandaU systems are marked. asceruln the its present posi-demanded in the present advanced stateandinflu-really°,Li^f ^i'?*"^' ^^"'"«'' Banf, and other measuresofsecondarym.portance,weresubse- ouently discusaed. The AsaemWy 'made aas long well" », a davlishtOBtentatiousasession. The Committee on theof francs required to construct it, possibleus.for Bya alow bat steady procea of the orches- depletton,dayoflt,holdmgnighttra and chonia of that respeetable ettabliahmeat hare the repeal of the Rallioad ToUbUlln 1891 ;BeeaaO,<jf corruption made a report,sstton, and acquitting Mr^ T. B. Mi lli k kn, theber more immediately implicated. An attempt toIt is useful forusjustWecannotthereforeaa a measure ofeconomy, setting all considerationsreducedtothe ofsound,and theunfair trad* competitionofdierailroads,drtvUtga vote of censure TheProRataVM.wasthentakenupanddiscussed vats the hour of adjournment.The Board of Aldermen, last evening, adoptedtion ofpopularitypassuponthe Speakerthere were"for SB opera doifsttihnect my kind,on Sat- into the State Sen-"P«"«have outlived alland arewith Persia right in theand so-and laidwhenof Columbia to land was passed. Police six years ago, sent over an officer toof the Sikhthis hitherto un- an attemptthem roU backward,—thf. °fLouis Napoliok,reorganizingthe Parisvicinitythe Trustees an amendment to tne;Speaker's charees discrediiing the accunow to mode in which It haa reachedafford to cheapen thisthat he belifves iting to procure from the National Kansas CommU-tae too rifles, which had been stored under public good politicalita orders at Tabor, Iowa, alleging that he wished done to propitiate Fernando Wood, and their saving to her of millions a year in the trans- real to use them in Kansas. This request was retusedafter a long debate, and the arms in question werereturned to the Massachusetts Committee. the influence of numbers in enabling men to opposes.toexpediency, that i(? isoriginal act creating the institiition, questiontbe Pro Rata bill were entirely refuted by the reportfrom the Committee, and twenty-five Navy re-volvers had been sent him, but they neverreached their destination. Neither to Mr. Whiti,nor, in his hearing, to any other member of the ought to be satisfied, though in the manner of The whole amount going to Europe by this Nitioiutl Committee, had Bbown revealed his de- its execution all the^ abuses which the law route is estimated to be three millions of tons.—least like fairy-land.nor defend.that having got a good police law the Citydare neither adoptTheythat tts resolutions were a privileged questimi, aad could artrelative to Harper's Ferry. Although it wasnot allowed to go upon the record, as testimony,Mr. Whitb explained that the rifles in question ish apace. We predict that they will find them- this amount vastly. This estimate of the ad-Nays, 27sign*was intended to extirpate are allowed to flour-The opening of China and Japan will increaseAyes,;werestoredatTabor,becausetheBorderRuffian selvesmistaken.BVBSIBO 6ESSI0B. vantagetoaccruetoEnglandleavesouten- TheactualCommissionersaremenofcharac- yesterday, didhimselfcredit byprompt- TheconsiderationofthePro-KotoFreightbUlwasinto Kansas had ceased, and they were not needed there.'ClHBge may be quoted as extremely active. Amongnimiennu and notable applicants was Mr. Robcbt of the City, if the execution of the lawster, representing all parties, enjoying the con- ly fining two individuals named P. Leon- resumcMl., ^. . on a motioB to strike out the «"*foraysof purses, and coats, and tirely the value of time to her, not merely inin Kansas apprises us thattransporting merchandise but troop*, as wasReynolds,Thewatches cannot be too often reminded that itMl.log clause, spoke at lengdi against as a casepossessorsfidence t>f the community, and working inand Michaelwho wereRoBniaoii,n-Ont correspondentthe mvket for divorces on the Legislative is in vain to legislate in Albany for the benefit painfully exhibited in the recent rebellion inof Washington City, who married thed«tigtiter ofMrs.MybaGainss,oflitigiousclosely looked after by ourselves here.If weobjections England urge am offset to these immense advantages ? The EnglishPressdeniesthattheyareofapoliticalB. SnoTBca,place mprinciple,andwhichpresentedallowFebnasdoWoodtoexercisehisoldalsothemostoaea-that his wife found his society disagreeable and through "avoided it. The evidence upon which he relied Republicans and under cover of the new Com- construction of the canal would pierce thenotions mustof rnen who have beenwere letters from Messrs. Cbittikdkm, Cobwim, mission, all the labor that wasandothermembersofCongress,whoindorsedthein cuirass of Englaad." The chief reason is,outweighBloomingdalethe lowest possible charge tor the ahortnt oisiua, to aa aeMai suddenly thethrough-freighttaiiflwouldamount o«««breaking upas a matter of personal favor that the been expended in vain. It is not enough to and jealousygiienmce of which Mr. Stbothxbs complained and begged;upresent pnOM line for transportation, tBSSir RoBKBT Pml, had far greater difficulties to4S so made as in nowise to in-fact both of these provisions have been met in do with fast life, on the road or ofl' it, on Sun- He then look up a legal view ofare talked of in the same most classes to be a military force in disguise,a* at first, but make no progress. Among intended for the express purpose of encroach- Aflfghanistan workingsPreparations fAmrtriflingindicationsastothepassengers,we mentonof French and Rus- sianemissaries,andtherewa«everpresenttoits diseaaed imagination the terrible appari-are told from Halifax that a hat box with the ^^mm of "William Boullinhopsi, Sackville,-'and from Canada, that SS^MS^L^wd M«Rirr,M P P., whopopular rights.Parkwould have unquestionablythat the quietgreatWhentheyappeared in the streets they were hooted and pelted by the mob, and at last when two of them wereinkilled, in 1888, when engaged suppressinga riot in Coldbath fields, a respectable Coro.A cheaper cost us moreanddecorumoftheonener'shomicide. Theynow justly acknowledged to be the best and most useful body of the kind in the world.their standing, because they possessgiudance,supportwhere eitherreport upon the enormousfear that makesmem-greatof public morals and municipal reputation al- parts.almosttotally Inadequatefailedwork,but heavayre fall «»t ratortgsive ttaea theirtBtojprolaaoacessant anddividual right*, byuther condnental policein the proper sense of the word, i« a lux- squares ury to which we are seldom treated at the Academy.and uaefutoess. Whenit was first establtehed,ofit will make the latter in time independent ofoppose any propositionresponsible exclusive property. The construction of this ingr"|« —in tubit the Straits of Gibraltar.England might object phrase,great gatewaywould,military Thevice fully as important as that of execnting his nephew is determined to fill up. The onlythe orders, or consulting the preference* of difference between the two is in the mode ofFebnahdo Wood. There is a squad on duty at reaching the object, not the object itself. It is llglita at sundown. The Ulnmtnatlons were by noCommlsilaeer,aalthetrrqioit wasalone,supposedI waswith which this heretical predilectionwant to have themselves detailed to pleasant posts, they haveindulgenceit affords. Iftheyforce analagous to that of the Secretary of battles in naryand distracted the bypended in giving brilliancy to the display, but that one and all had declined the offer !"Doubtless the Government of the VaticanThe bill to protect the property ia trad* *^ Vm eamlngaof married women was ordered to a thivt reading.ASBEMBLT.Albabt, Handar, Fab. IT.policy, of the forcenutelypurpose--system*philanthropic grounds,to be the control have given in their adhesion, not only to the the Commissioners, in their report of Feb. 7, in her general good behavior, until she charged pro for ten miles, per caat-pos-of the force been agreed upon andreference to its eventual effects on the public service, has up to the present time been com-in which we acknowl- perand ad-informs us that a the several Anti-Eent bills minority leport againstattained, and we long to know how the Sannor nor detail for duty. canal, which it is proposed to make capacious prised punish,in the cost of noward,$10,000 had been expended in the purchase of Each of them knows that the recent enough to admit vessels of the largest size, provision havingexpendedhis band of adherents will iiave doubtless,tobefoundinthemorbidthemselvesIt was believedforover the Parisian PolicefaUen valuation of real estate.andmanagementhisuponofcharacteristic thoroughlyadvantage— of Suezthree Commissioners. Upon tUe removal ol two of them, by death or resignation, we be.from the Nile, at Cairo,of least interested in the Canal ingLegislature,project, but the termswould benefit beyond all other nations, should specifications fullybe so hostile to it, is not so clear. Lessepsadopted in Committee of toe Whole:with hisofcorps engineers—Government and the Pacha of Egypt haveless than 50ihan 100 miles. 25 per cent.; less than ISO miles, licent-Several other verbal amendments were propoaed'aad;yet everythingis heldThere is one pointand which, if completed, will shorten the voy-age from England to her East India posses-sion* from 9,000 to 12,000 mUes, and be a trasted with theMayor.pitch of progress to wllich we have not yet tbe charges made by the Speaker on the matter ofin it is a remarkable instance of portation of merchandise alone, she stubbornly As far back as 1856, the Englishof the Committee to inveaUgate their defamatory Franciscansridthemselvesofsogrievousan characterasregardedtheAssembly,accompaniedtoypersistenceBrown, however, had procured $150 in money persevere in comses which individually they tonnage that passed the Cape of Good Hopeers havekeptwithin a certain arbitraryAfterallwehaveandstilla resolution censuring the Speaker for having gtvaathink' amounted to 1,771,781 tons per annum. expendingThis, of course, has largely increased since.theycitizens under a load of gratitude.itDepartmentpresented to-day. in lieu ofit toshe turns her in that direc- than fairly ought cost,impossiblethe momenttion. When the Indus formed the western beingtbethe frightful KoordCabulandKhyberpassesand;apparentbreathing-placeare not to be infringed upon with impunity.menthem-tion of French legions pouring throughrail-wciotmhpete every buttheyhadei-was atwould have land about itgenuine good are. IftheCentralwaste its possessions beyond the Indus.perhaps,peace. army i6,000of a mere jobwould not have risen in value, and the burden bridled class ofourwars with thewere the fruits of this groundless fear. Itacross the isthmusAcadcBTFlotow's very charming opera of Martha" was ground in a strong argument that K was a measoretivelyofcivilization. It being common property.as nationistobearitsproportionofthe200,000,000the excellent reputationParkconsequent improvement,designed to save the State bam. the heavy taxatiaawhich the condition of tte rendued present tteasorynecessary. OncetheCaaalaevvmu*reachedthe sum of (3,700,000. ImA year tbey wen but $1,800,00*. This falling oCris attrlbolable «• three causes: Fleet,renders it im- for France to monopolize it for her own aggrandizement, while going as it does from sea to sea, it is too paltry to pretend thateye•• the argument that there was no fear of competHMa by rival romeF, showing that competition did actmOly exist, and that it waa only by strenuous emirts that crease the burdens of taxation. In point of wluch has very little, and cares to have less to the New-York route maintained its sopre«*cy. the caaa, that the bill was a clear violation of the-coa- the management of the Central Park as it is. days or on week-days, will rejoice to know taragcutincgontained in the charters of the roads, wmcB allowthemtoregulatetheratesyolfreight.Inconcle- ilonMr. R. reviemed the arraignments male agalnat left to the people of New-York railroads as grinding monopolies, holding that they?vilsthat followed, isthe lawiaTwork, simply it is a rival route to the little railroad running pecuniaryto the just in- ferpretaUon of any work contalniog many harmonicCanals topanytuatoampetitkm bylaw tolls. Thaaeevils would be remedied oy the passage of diti taw.Be demanded this law. declaredthatth* tax-payersTUa yeir the taxation must be at least (hiae aad three-«Ighths miUi, eras teducls< (ha t»( iw frnm^across to Suez.The arguments used by the London TtmestUntitled Documenteachence of the CentralproducedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comIdeed dUEcnlt to distlngolali that she is alnalaaatalL of His Streogtli win come with experience, aad wttB KM promise we have ofabsidate petfeetton, we caa m^B. of and in the Holiness, of whom our worthy New-York BffiKdtowait Tliepopalar"I.aatBa«e«fBaaa5* France, was delldoosly resdered, aad we are eertaa tkat la of course -fesponsible to the Secretary of eyent of war might be made a second Cher- Archbishop thinks the chief end in life should this piece aloae will make (ha aoeasaof tke )MaaMarseilles would soon rival in im-appearsthesubjectsnations. portanceof of thetory carefully think on theto produce as good a force as has grown up that the present Napoleon is carrying out his ject They that, whole, it is asaU otherdicted before the 1st of August last who have not State, who in his turn is ^responsible to par- tKmrg. One thing is certain, no matter whatiscourse under the eye of the Press and of witbdiaw them. One who has studied the his- Vatican, are not less Astute and andacious in orchestra, uader Hr. MvsB, iMBlged Sa-I public opinion. We challenge our Commissioners of the first Napolbon will see stating their own views on this important sub- rtetles of time, tmt was otkerwbe goad.police,disciplinecompelledtoregardas soon think of taking the command of a regi- France, as far as practicable, almost to thein two hours, as Mr. Pilsbcbtthreatens to do, and Parliament would see on him because he was a bastardwoaldresignwere diversions from those simplyforced" he London police are every day detailed on ser- time to trace the outlines of that policy which "was a festival day.to theand the commerce ofrangementingtodo. Iftheyinterfereatall,theyar* tentonbuilding.Someyearsagoafewprivate evensuchaPontificalsnufiingaswastriedat pointedtoinvestigatethechargesmadebytlMverysure to interfere as politicians, or for the bene- gentlemen of England resolved to have theJaquxs,t^wUeh left no rmiii tmwe are surprised at the actual prog- the mischiefs which threaten to flow from this make the survey. Taking out a corps of engi-leattation, offered by Ur. Coi-lakib, Instructing ress which has been made. The Police De- action of the Board. The pubUc has too much neers in his own yacht, he spent four months instituted a comparison, derived from the Po- of the old Oswego Line of Forwaiden by Ca-ne United States Senate yeeterday passed a against it,theTtet-office Committee to report a bill requir- partment three or four years ago was a mere at stake in this matter to permit the Police on the Isthmus. Before starting he thought licebetween the morals of thisnal, had stated to Speaker Trimjunnr tkat—der the control of a Board of Commissioners, Commissioners will not persist in the course Louvre complete surveys, together with Bona- out a triumphant caseCityfng all letters not called for within thirty daysa&rUieir reception at an office to be returned tothdr writers. The resolutions of Hr. Bbown be- who used it for the promotion of his own ends. litical machine. Tbe Superintendent is right memoranda of the surveys he had made while anything but flattering to New-York. As far of A. S, BaiGBT, of No. 37 Exchange-place, as in( then called up, Ur. Toombs, of Georgia, en- It was taken out of his control and placed un- in the position he has taken, and we hope the in To histool in the hands of a scheming politician,againto drift into the position of a mere po- he would see if the first Napoleonhe had beard such a rumor, bat did not mf left any and those of the California capital, which is from whom. On examlnatlan he gave the aaaanothingward went into Executive Session, and presently whole community had, and still has full confi- Late intelligence from Europe indicates that Napoleon is starting no new project ^he is nimiber of arrests made in a great city may alighteit—and after the of the London examplethefonndatlon in fact—was aa baaelen andremodeled, the control of the both of Turkey and England. The inquiry nat- practicalEng- land may rest assured that however patient oreither the of the efficiencypolicewhetherthe protection of freedom of speech in theSistnct of Columbia. It was not acted upon. Mr. DepartmentGuKLiT, from the Piinting Committee, reported a return of Mayor Wood to the Board, however, obstmctions in the way of an enterprise de- a slight obstacle that wUl swerve him from the lice or the scarcity of crime, or the rigidity of not only in making the charge, but in afterwatda aa-was left in his hands. Since the urally arises, why do these two powers throwindifferent he may appear today, it will not be the Courts ; if small, the goodness of the po-the tables. The cost of printing, he stated, would force, but public confidence in the Commission one familiar with European politics and diplo-The Cost of the Park.resolntien was adopted. After an eager attempt of the should be fixed upon the nature of contract entered into by the Pasha of Egypt In his eagerness to prevent us from wasting Our correspondent protests against any at- but he had deemed it his duty to bring tbe matter Iw-thusbereducedfromf39,000to$16,000. The itself. Anditis importantthattheattention macy,thattherefusalofTurkeytosatisfytheofMr.MiLuaxahadbeenmixedupvriththeaffair, our money on the Central Park. Mr. Conklinq tempt to rob San Francisco of her laurels by fore the House.publicthe change^nd the injury it is certain to inflictupontentofthethe new Police.appears to have slighOy overestimated the ex- any such argument as the foregoing,a recentof the Board, adoptedister at Constantinople.But after the variousperilregulationa sum offrom thethe woild will noteasilybe induced to believescale of ISO cenL sliding- charges—allowing percuttingSpecialsurveyswell-known saying,nephewUi.reached him, frompeople—in short, that the opposition rest* en- out in plain syllables, have become wonder- reallf aadThis morality.- cost of maintaining the Park, moreover, which If the nimiber ofoffences be low in proportion000," and to be expended in accordance with be committed, whether punished or not.all,wasThe following is the substitute proposedwayIfwill show onlyMr. CoirxuBG raised the point of order,no been attracted to itsquickest The bill wasandcheapest- iBhlSApialsato reverse the n-heels of tlBW aad atkb*of its cost would havetogetheraside.rtqulie very;speculationworiddufy as a reformatory forand thisand set forth. The after clearly is,the crucial test ofto be treated as a new and fearful to thedrain upon our resources by hasty enthusiasts about the gold fever and the Vigilanceseemsin search of a new economy without tlie smallest mittee, and hang our own headsTariff on carried less than 20 miles, ISO freightperin such a as to secure the best present and future—The original act,it must bewasTbe ruled the not well takes. Speaker pointTbe lesoluUon was tabled by the foUgiring vetethefully akillfn] in the use of symbols, Nothing witkdiie*.Th* seoood part* an alwm^ comes ami** to them as the vehicle of a hit at deied a< tba Aeadew Ikat It Lthe poweiB that be, or a hint of the powers todweUeathetBiactoetaa^ar Ufanrpublic moneyfor the Park at the lowest reasonable cost. us how to get rid of ours, they will lay all be laid on the table.remembered, drafted by legislators necessarily inexperi- enced in the practical work of making a Park.good:not voting and atisent, 56. Be-;paradox will to any citizen who will consider for a moment whether he would rather or on the Had the Park laid out and car-it costs no more tbe final resultanycharge for way freight would soon beandmorethansquare*ouraccount proiuction,ABD Superin- broughtthe bllL Ha the Police of the ferred to the wlUidrawal of the old billwith a tried and efficientis not India. What can as tendent No sensible person will claim that Central Park on a charge of driving over was declared to be perfect-not an alteTM"?" "" •"powerfame, «nd who sought a separation on the ground over the Police, a coalition with the character, and scouts the intimation that the press purpose of estimating thesuspicion she cherishes towards all other nations which seek to share with her the com- merce of the East, and especially of France,freight from and drive commerce oflr to rival rouies.publicand been are cowslmpleat principlesfrom tbe Canads and ;the futileThin), efibrt^lhedi Como, distingnisbed itself iner beneath, and the green foliage waringpressorswhocouldnotreasonablyquarrel^ce'rIt^ed^?!',^*^*^*^^^'iBaniijoahanAtfor public asd private buildlngi to be with decoratedadopted.ia pnAIbtt tha M>untiring pursuit point. Few and feeble as they were, the exhibitora terms thereof, la not transferable. Also, to sleuth-hound, that patiently yet surely hunt* had contrired in a really large number of Instances all Sunday Cmieerts or public enlertalBmaal*tbetionoftbeofficial canvasstoone Judicial Slatilct.Mr. RoBmaoB introduced a tiOl to aaanisB Aawouldwhich would blow these candles out ; but no such chance is just now to be looked for; andRoads and Rowdyism.dominationpanlal dlapleaiambut nevertbeleaa, (If we Be -to r*ha wa»g*ii*mnia of the Mediterranean would color, equally gratifying to the patriots who tinctBitea Patti we can only apeak la laiaaiiflj*hi* discretion, but from whose decision inmatters of internal management there ahooldbe no legal or formal appeal. The Secretarywith people for painting their church-steeple to suit management of the force is absolute. He is which once floated the commerce of the worid, themselves, or find fault with trees for being!.f.l'"J'"I>°"'<""oft>»«l>as '".uSit.'P'°^'»K1''«riette.below, made a very conspicuouaknew what it meant and vexations to the op-writing curious incident of current life inSEMATE.AuAiT, Kmday, F«fe.lf.which,scarcely at $S00 for six months, and that of all other p^ik 4 entertainments at $1M.San Francisco and 'Sew-'YoT^s.,Our San Francisco DAn,correspondent yesterday atreet, partner in tbe firm of Alvobb A Sahb,returns,he found in the must be admitted he makes his and had stated that the letter was wxtt- as figures go, it informant,Egypt.parte's directions. On his return he of the BaiQBT ha^ testified that he had never made any aaelibut for the honor of compared New-York, we must remind the public'ten to one FAaraxnaa, a Wall-atreet broker. Bata letter, and no such person as PABnnia* was fooad. correct in almost every particular. The present statistics cannot be made to prove. The The Committee declared that (he charge had aot—carrying out a policy he has studied deeply, prove, if large in proportion to the population, and that nothing in the slightest:re- preva- flected on Mr. MiLiixair or any other member. lence of crime, or the laxity and corruption of Mr. MiLLiKzir made a severe speech, in wbteh he denounced the course pursued by Speaker Z.imBjo«B,we will promise to forget allCom- cent, more than through freight ; less than- 30 miles,ofconstruction, separate miration, the superiority of the California Several remoostraaces and peddens, against andl)een made for it whatever. Nor should it be forgotten, when the actual ex-for the Pro-Rata bill werewithenvycapital to our own, and that is in having no Mr. Caujcot, from the Jupdriecsieanrtyed.Committee, madeedge,mingled feelingsthe new bill prinled in time for the evening aesaion.correspondentsuffered,Mr. MiLLsa moved to lay the reaolotioB oa tte burdened with one looks in the distance at table.infliction.to an Idle and unfounded rumor the force and autfeor- limit of price, but whether they have been suffer, from our Mayoralty, a city which is not ity of a charge made on the floor of the House.before himthe authpr or authors of the original act the Park roads on Sunday afternoon at a rate be made hi any feature. But suddenly it jj" crushed out of existence by the authors of '» MlBg. were so specially inspil-ed for the ex- faster than the seven miles an hour allowed by Another haa taken Us which was veJ7du»TM«harmonybysj M«*"thatParks, as that their perfectly arbitrary gentlemen accustomed to breaking the laws examine the question of ptacticaWlity of f]T*~?;theand iheorctical deductionsdo not care in the least how muchof a fine and an ex- ftaUons, the Pro Ratatd down, starting fromcost ofayoung Eive leatuies of the deceased. Hr. R. Pn><2«^* " Road in a cheerful and showing that II tariffs were Pri>-RalMdVf,^u^S^the law. It ispity, doubtless,onwhat they only thought about. The people of condemned to pass the night at a station- prohibition agaiott carryingthedoing jovialtemper,shouldfindof '• fast life on the road." But, at the same time, the community at large,at all.He next to the proceeded expose UU*^in time, even the fastopprestiog the people,one hundred and fifty mUllons to bring theAndselves may upsible to enjoy their own rights pling on those of their neighbors,Martha" is certainly tnhoeta—45Justice Beownell, cess till 7 o'clock.,reason that ber voice is aa yet aoTanffletaattrto claim prefminenee over aa ifOBBOB-gsvefrom theCommittee Speaker upon the floor of the Hooae Oat a raporthadwhich showa that F. B. of No. 100 WaB-progress was then reported, with tbe view of havlaginfanticide. When the Infant was firat produowlso '°''tend to detract from render it for the railroads to do baalaBSiof Mmate.wwBifiT  