 tt is well knows, is to favor of peace sad tlthe obooxlous tows. Monquere, i t i s gwseraO.is the ablest geaersi to the country: still o s s o* »*• J J : venjmrafi moat serrile offlcers bra bora sent Sfatorthtot h i has af "*••— WAS* awtos a ssa>4B4aw a f Btos- 1BHAUftOr MX* taUIAWAM MWB astaama asm aaasaa UPU aisHsawwsmHS wsramaa^ • • " • • J TM ~ ~ __^ - » _ J qaara, with ensslltotlng vtows. Qsitoa swams hmt to sssd to an opposite section o f the republic. „ , * , . « Krom the Chaoa or^of Moaqnera's aatvsmeats nothingPolitical la\teUlg;eaue.riAiyoaws —The fbltewtog to thesubstaan of sash party platform -an* Aimm tun.Tha Catoa, the coastItuttoa aad the oaforctnml af thehvwa.Police iBtelltfemee. Tntsrsa twmTASHS -h,ctmsovs cast.A-D-EL KAOER. THE CeSTUN-HAHOMfcOAN.d*«.,etcc.h y m o f Bougie. Sod retreated towards thai with the tribes SAithfol to bis rauHIn IMt be was forced by the Deed"Aasaato to taken- rage to tha territory of atones*, the Emperor af whin had always sustained bim to ate efforts against las Frtneh la Ilea the Moermh Emperor wai todacoi to attack the French Uses, bata complete vis tory was ^biaed ever hts troops by GeneralTie* iMMdt f OW nmt ****• Dthe navigation of the rtver. rivs steamers are aow the question of atavery for themselvesj . a -dial » • »San JeanM. Sea, Jely l*,M«0ritories.Taw DawooaATic P a x n o t IHB NOSIHWBSI .—The demo-self upon his eoemtes General Bugeaud was secordiagty of ate royal predcosssor Louis Philippe—tottitrntsnat compelled to recommence tbat war of marshtag sadSince mytosttherebaabeenanapreud of tb e Isthmus rever H n r t y e v a r j . inthecityhasbadit,andamuchlargeraamberof deethe here been noted down this season than any before aiace the railroad was Aaisbed. Among the deaths wereIcompany'aphysicianandpaymaster,jtot or gOTcruneet party is drafting couttau- aatiTestheyfindinthestreets,andforthatownerofas seaofNewcranadadependent candidate for Governor is elected beyond Elizabeth's story tbat she called tbe attention of thedoubt,beatingJohnsw(abrotherofSenatorJohnson,of magistratetotbematter,andhadthewomandischarged. tolaBute.) Cautt,democrat,forCongressinSeconddis- ItwasnowBiggs'torntofiuTer,andsailerbedid,foria trict, is also elected. Promtaent Breckinridge men now a few hours afterwards h e found himself confronted b ycircumstances, wemaybegin to wat;h with anun usualdegreeofinterestforeventsdestinedtostarti*theworld.:at • ve*7 PH* scarcity of laboring men "lie works, the Jamaica negroes are afraid ihare to j e tote the reaks,aad are aaxiousTheStateoftheRepublic—TheCottonCrops—TteCundi Urn tf the Market*, etc.,ate.Weare stui constantly surprised with rumors from Ja-KANSASEuccrtOK.—Theelection ofCypert,theopposi lion candidate in the First district for Congress is con Armed. The Bell ticket for the State Legislature sueposed of.A Horsrpi Yorm.—Jacob Roberto,aa apprentice ia thestore of Anthony Waltack, No. H I Grand street, wasAbdelKader wasborntotheearironsofMascara,la 1807, Together with three brothers, b e was raised b y hia father, Sidi el Mahildin, a venerable Marabou, chief of tha province of Oran, who traced his genealogy to the», aU of whose would gtodly go to the railedit The made to e tew days, sad without so many to look i " * them as upon the AfricanOwr Barrnaqallla (HI.O.) Correopoadeace. BamusQtnuA, July 30, I960.American Interett*to /aajaardy—lhe iittsaw,/ Panama- Mngland's PoUcf CVaaW tf BarOfficial*—Cause* o/about him at Kingston several of his ex barons and che-valiers who sigh for their lost position, and who are quiteprepared to risk their little nothing to ea attempt to recover their former power. There is also a party toBayti, whol although not numerous, have some Regitter SHU Is that, so 'ar as heard from, the democracyinfluence, aad w h o were bettor satisfied under have not carried s single county ta Alabama, aad that held to answer the charge of receiving stolen goods.aura tha scale to rait her Interest.But to count as nothing the Are fine Americas steamers ever, this is mere theory,for the thing itself U impossi-He returned to Algiers when It was in the power of theOn th? coast Nieto a s s also atoned a decree, closingof tht revival of the famous Oriental Question, bat to s sfiape that has already assumed the most frightful aspect Curiously enough, the event haa ag*" introduced to no tice the man who, though for twenty yeari or more he was the most inveterate enemy of France, and compelled a long and desperate warfare before he was conquered, U now her firmest ally. It iaalao curious to ohasrn the difference between the policy of Louis Masaana and that8Yoar torieMHsHtUOreTtows menttonlhs P * TM that the President, er «'daaigsade," to aow jttohsjnofthe tteasser ChnsYrtoarri byMr.Cnwaa,•***» inPanama,to thegovernmentthereifOspioatocor- Wisconsin bavinsconeupttSanOarioeandthiscitytoreceiveher. neradortaken 'toocer. , Iowa-" bailed her aad told her she was oa the wrong craft by many SUtTUmn deemil cruel aad uncalled f Notbeingeonverssatwiththenamesofthedifferent for, without the hope of ever being sent -- boats,sheallowed herself to begsMed byBiggs,aad back. The other, even before ha amassed theIbe sale by SJoasmb t P k e i m clearly irregular, n toetitletotbestaaaaeriatotheaw*ofparttoalaMaw were exoelledto his retrograde political prinjlples, his Minaebota11 was put by him on hoard one of the New York steamers.York. T s « n a r t n Oiaaesa, w h s had — y th e boat at lb* reqant * mreemb * fls^ retwred Mr. CowsatolheUaltedStotos Coanoi at Sen Juan del Sur fora*aoqukmeeeretothedelivery.TheOosaul refused, oarhegroeadoflheinegmltyofthesele. Tbere is good -roandtobdtovetbatthePanamaBaUroadCoutpenyere STreal purenaeers to this sate.Vir^lm^ 'rbetecrret rich- • b ^ m j j e a r tataammbtr theto manuf•ctortot rubber. to extracted is found here_ nominated Presi- de**w» tern,of the republic, and entered upon the du-ttoaeftheeaecnUveemtheatb>toss.A ooaaet la vtatbto to the went atoee the tab tost. thVcTntry t. a n i s e t t e old poUttonl parties n a n tohare bariH tbelr aalBtostty and toned their whole at- teeth* todultiveto peaee and toaaotry-OarAaptuwellCorrespomdeac*. Asrarwaix,AugustII,I860.I V Ukmv Ftver RagitHh-lkaitor-ifrwimeai Micrmtimtj-Ptmk Among laboring Mm-fU Jostotee Ne- IT* proa, dc, <Cc. . .,fraternalTotaLNo Frsiox 15GSOBCIA.—TheSavannah RepublicanuponheruntilshewaienteringtheNarrows,whensomethrons, visited the captive to parson, to terms of cour- tesymadehimtsm,treatedhimwiththatdistinctionto which he was entitled, aad from a a enemy converted himtoasteadfastfriend. Afterwards,withoneofthose telling tetters which the Emperor knows n well hew to an, Abd-elEadar wasantto Syria,aad thanwesad reiatroduciion of theJesuits,who JertheadministrationofLopes,hisin allowing the Protestant Bibles to be site square at Bogota, and the manyagunderbisauspicesbythelastCm- _ i popular erra with his own party, aoonecan question htoability,orsaythathemay•iumph over hia adversaries,property and flan have been respectedsingleinstancetothecontrary, he American flag was trampled strolling soidiers during a scuffle withlatotoranc buried in a gremivelswsof the passengers assured her she was going ia s o entire ly opposite direction from ITHladelphia sad would soon beinNewYork. Aftertheboathadlandedsheproceed- ed to the house of a friend near by, when, to her aatonish- ment, shefoundBiggs there before her. Heappeared exceedingly glad to see her, expressed himself very sorry that he had committed each a mistake, aadwoundap byaskingElisabethovertohisI,to by no'as a tact, that the Bell and Douglas men of Georgia tmesalted upon a joint ticket ta thePresidentialelection.Nothing of the kind hat ban done orseriously thought of.All three oT the partln la this State hare their owa elec-terslticketstatheBaM,aadtheretoaoprospectofarution, unless the Breckinridge men should take down their bouse ta Brooklyn. Being a complete stranger shed, and doing all that lies in his power to protect the by superior forces, he w n constrained lefty; aad finingNieto to deliat its head, the recent decoration or that chief with trously for the "Breckinridge democracy." Rector, In- Miss Foster was so mnch impressed with tbe truth of tbe grand cross of the Legion of Hon*, aad otherNW YORK HBBALD, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1860.-TRIPLM 8Hmr, 1tied np to the banks here. It to doubtful, haw ever, if under the present circumstances their being American or English weald rare them from belcg Hired by the cratraTgovernment, since the liberals have token the steamer Moapos.There are still two simmers above, and when theycome down we cannot tell when again w e will have com-monicatiOB with the interior, as the river is the onlyhighway. Nieto's decree i s somewhat more effective thanthe paper blockade of the Carthagena Iatondmte, seeingthat with an armed steamer sad a fleet of gunboats hehas force raffle lent to- intercept or sink aay vessel that IbllOWS:-•assy try to pass. Doufku.the Emperer of Morocco of any desire farther protect his friend the Emtr.toopnly^i^f^a^/ae^.sW-^^ *•"» Infact,if MartsIsretakesbytheliberals,the ObiO 2 t wiB be bammed to both on Indiana o3that, moreover, h e assistedpublicans in disguln. Kt his wife away that very Bight, a a d that thereafteragainst Santa Marta. H e h a s a o r American, and has brought iniult tofor the furtherance of his political de- _J • *surer means to bring insecurity to all and contempt for rightful AmericanTsx iHSSffiSffiiBta OOBTUOT—The Springfield (black}Bi Barry might eosaWarheraatfmltersH of an thUahepromote hU mj sterious designs.What is the next stop on the programme has not yetOar Porttsan PrincePoai Atr Parjrcs, August 8,1860.concedethattheStatewillgoforBell.FIBST ASSEMBLY NOWWATIOH.—The republicans of thethegirlhehadsodeeplywronged,andonhercomplainthe was ordered to be locked up In the Tombs. It Is notdecided yet what will be done with Mr. Biggs, but it Ismorethanlikely thathewillhavetoundercoafewmonths' confinement at lent. Elizabeth will leave for career. • herbornetaPhiladelphiau soonssthecaniiditCorrespondence. Jfe»#rsofa*AttemptoftheLate EmperorSouiouquetoInViewof the prominence thus given to the great Arab chief, we publish to day a brief history of his chequeredhandsoftheabolitiontete,withoutunitedactionInthe regimenttotheirinvitationtovisitWashingtontestFeb- estInterestinIt.Astotherevolutionoflead,wearenowpowerto thisbreachofcommerce.TheSouth.AadthiscanonlybedonebyunitingthewholeruaryandtakinganimportantparttatheInauguralaereitistothedeadthatyouhaveappealed. Tanhare nasedyourremarksontwopotato.Youmightbare mentionedathird,andaidthaitrulyMuanVmaasore reigns love the conduct of honest men and follow theirwithout«eifl—i>oroprotoutotirca*Baguta- thismis- sion merely appears to be kept up to recompense teUhful pirty serraato by a year's salary aad outfit, with the pri- vilege of returning home a t option. Never before have American interests required a more vigilant and clearhead at Bogota than they do at thia moment.cottonof countryisofgoodquality,although the fibre is if properly cleaned it would briag good prices, Although the President, with his numerousSouthernvoteontheman,whoeverttmaybe,whooafriee the largest Southern vote into the electoral coUege monies of Mills' statue of Washington—the penance ofIn Santo Mart* at present there are two British men-of-war, watching the course of events, aad rumor says tofavor, as they did to 1840, when they destroyed the libe ralfleet,theceaeerrativoparty. Tojudgebythe coursea d o p t e d b y h e r B r i t a n n i c M a j e s t y ' a V i c e C o n s u l o f 3 a i t sMartajfr. Doyle, ea board of the steanwr EatrelU, whicarune altweaa there aad this place, to coaaaoUoa wi;i» the Americasflea*ofriverboau,ooemayjudgethatta-jreissome truth in this rumor, and that he h i s some instruc-tions to that effect. This gentleman took opoo hiouetf to $220 a »2gt t recognise as legitimate authorities, in advance area of thefederal government, the faction which landed from R:oHacbe oa the Ith inat, end overthrew the legitimate Stat >authorities a t Santa Marts, aad cewatanaaoad a deouodmade by atiramon that tha State authorities who had No. g»l Cher street, upon the body of Thomas Paine, a sought refuge on board of the steamer EureUa—a British native )f £n !and, aged 63 years, who committed suicide hotlom—should he n e t oa shore aad lelivered by cutting hi. throat with a rssor. No cause could be up to htm . Mr. Defto even west farther whenimportingi points of the coast.o f t h e | E m i r c o n t i n u e d t o i o s r e a s e , a n d h e b e c a m e t h e sole chief of the various tribes wbo bad arisen ta arms •jdiitat the French, and was, with their aid, eaablod to attack jriem ien.In 1^34, in the midst of the grier which the deathof bii father had caused him, he bad tbe satisfaction ofcnucluiicg a treaty with Gen. Deemlscbels, b y which h ewas constituted a royal and veritable King, with Mascaraas the capital of bis possessions, had surrenderedto himall the commerce of the* province of Oran, aad wascaudal, had act, ep to the tune ut its ia'aaiou, interfered with the IWersl aathoritlea or Custom House offl •«*:» ta the en.toymeat of their rightoer prlvilegee, ojeeeq-ieutly. iathiaiaaUaoe,thaiederaig>veniiaeat, thronga its In taaatuto (Mtraaaoa). hi the agxtassur.OeLetal Vega, finolag that Muamon had given htm thFtngal, celebrated Irish giant, of whom a Scotchgl*Bt having heard, waded over oaa fine morning for thareeled at the Jerny City ferry depot, by officer Valafls Md Alderman Decker, charged with passing one dollar counterfeit bills on the MeUOOBMt Bank, of Fail River, Masaaahnetto. They wen locked up for the night, andWoodbury, the late Postmaster of White Pigeon, by his own hands, while in tbe custody of the Deputy United State» Marshal, The two arrived a t White pigeon from this city a t three A. M. of Saturday last, when Woodbury at once retired to bed. During the following forenoon he seemed cheerful a s usual, a n d went about, l a companyand round it the turban is wound—the latter alwtys worn when on duly, snd optional when eft*.attp. tofcettroapaf place, aadaw> xaeatoMbatonhatao eooecaowawvfahe kod with bisO B t eweared and made affidaviu with the Deputy Marshal, to procure bail. H» applied to'•MwP^I^W!W TM W H ••' for this oaaatry, where the tow<*raiAlexandria (Va ) OasMe n y s : - O n Saturday tost, t.vposed for sale, i i front of the Mayor« his pocket to pay for it. The druggitt replied that aorderto sarttag as auiliora that it ia reto w^f* 5. farc*» to »aka a bring them ta tied togetherube a tolerably big follow, seeing that hissuehastoe. lu like manner, the question tf the hey of nineteen Is Hven feat high, bissuturewhenhehasattainedhitTuliWttohS'S attained a more than ordinary deformity. Tuisarisesfromadefect eeastraettop. Stem Is not the Mr. Decker. H e h a s muscle sufficient, fulldevelopmentofhitfleshaad tertoehto weight InHeeaaas. Such is *jteAhe haa been known to shoulder aad carry off, without aay apparaat difficulty, a barrel ofwL ^SC^SaWf*""^****"hteretavks bly Urge hi ads. whteh ara noat twice the stoe of those of en ordinary sised aaaa.of nad tor HWiers, when caught and the eartrMgo h i t Hnot spirited, bat all the negroes werecity lews:-" That any free negro falling «Tpty "JTMher corporation taxes, or kvfc*. for any yaw•>*• ve* g*J!aJB*sV^y J"**"*««lofwntchth/ycan'the i fftcer tbat i< was about dinner time, and Invited him to accompany bim to bis house to dinner. Tbe tw o went tohisrettidenoe,whenMrsWooaburysaiddiauorwouldarticle of the Chicago 'Zouave uniform lite their totaaded originals, either ia form, color or dostraatoa.is thrown evar law* shoatoere, do aot taiak of oasertajg,Wooabury replied tbat h e would go up stairs a a d take a nap. When dinner was ready a raeeeonger was sent to cat;bim,butwasunabletogetlatohisroomorobtainTie great utility of this uniform to lis e n s aad eem- fort, snd t h e freedom allowed t o t h e wearer ta antok movements. Their drill is our " Hsrdee drill." Why nothaveaaAmericanuniformthatwiUcombinealltha ease snd comfort of the oriental garb, which is suited ^hu.t with sa apsthy er phUosopby w be adiaired, »tM« aadarens,iho•—taImtafulaligteiwlrnthgaeamirfllhofficersretreat.•ovrpsiw»uwueoan*tshie»ih,withiredaboaw,t» ht i h s SIInuislhia a f wbMi Mteammi coafiaed hisaealf. Is the ooarae of sea days « Iknow theresult. Iftakeabyassault b,T.)ga, atoat dreadful mataaoea af laaMaore aad voojw.a-* sa the toberaU are ishspavatsd totag agaiast them aud in wadtog thesr hsaaeheato wttS arlld savages, wieea —,otwbi:hthesrightestscratchta A divwaan aader Uaaseai TarW, havtoc bees seat to ator retard the advaaoa of t^tte«aiU. some t.OSS saea, rjasamsadad by Qaaaral' rlarraa.be made to distress, sha , by order of the tuoV 2 ant response to his knocks. The door wa- then forcediiy to «aaing information concerning the French and to supply him-toU with the munitions of war, of which he w n to muchneed. , When h e thought himself ready to recommencethecontestbefoundpretextforhostilitiesincertainUtdefined clauses of the treaty, aad ta 1339, according toBajajcato*opaa lisjimlmltosi anaa the #ee by tha way of 'Cusau of Mnm CM be etytad giant.. Ha baa m*^ aad aUracaibe. Tothe Utter ntaje it • said aa E«U*U-btMkmrsuite, aad " i,bstt' rtean goods ral of the olNational Guard, are re-established at the baa not improved as much as was supihaveidone. We are overstocked with Am > era mill lookingfor fresh cargoes. Seve-and sounder booses of the city have a! the provision tradefor the present, aad orders to the States. It Is well it is so. est themselves up, aad there will be a old'!bousesaadwellknown namestocome - e h a s b e e n s o m e d e m a n d f o r c o d f i s h , a a d market was nearly disposed of at im-> make way for several lots that bare just is scarce and difficult topurchase at $142 i)perhundredpounds. CurrencyIsatdoubloon.occasion—will shortly be presented. A duly authorized committee of the citizens of Washington will visitthis city on tike tot of September to make the presentation. Oo tbat occasion the regiment will make a full dram parade, receive their new color*, and subse • ratty take possnsloa of their now headquarters overnew Tompkins Market.AproposoftheSeventh. Havingreceivedall the eclatt b a t a n y m i l i t a r y o / g a n i z a l i o n c o u l d d e s i r e f o r th<Mr d i s - cipline, they propose, after they will have possession of their sew armory, to fit it up in the most recherche man ner. It will take sixty days to do this, snd an expend! ture of $11,000; after which this grand .military muse im will he thrown open to the public for inspection.goods, for It is on high that little ones should look for aa During! this siege he gave proofs of great courage, and did examp'e. Alas! we are far enough from doing n . Thtmoat retired no longerlet the small chancetortl u p a g a i nnot rt-treat until after aa obstinate fight of three days. In the. following year Gea Boyer was superseded by Geo. Des- tuicbels. wbo succeeded, after several bl< ody skirmishes, tn defeatii;» Abd ol-Kader, and placed garrisons on twopresent state of tbe Mussulman aad Christian empires, everything tbat is taking place today, WM predicted by Mahomet in h is time, and that is what gives such au- thority to his prophecies. He has announced the annihi- lation of tbe Chosroee, and there are no more Chnrnt; he has also said that the Christian kings should teamanta themselvesInpowertillthe end of time, and that the s o v e r e i g n s o f h i s p e o p l e s h o u l d b e a b a n d o n e d o f G o d b y reason of thrir tojustice and love of the world's goods; lastly, be hassaid that theworldshallnotredtillthe Chiistians have become tbe majority of the human race. And tbat event cannot tail to arrive, because, as Mislam, the suthoriz.d interpreter o f Mahomet, h a s said that they have above a l l , four qualities which insure their future success—clemency fn victory, obstinacy in defeat, energy In retaliation, and chanty to the poor, the weak and the bereaved I will add, of myseir, that they joia to there gifts one still greater, viz: skill ta withdrawing themselves in ease of necessity from the injustice and oppreihi n of their King.I weep, oh my GJJ , over tbe snnibilttion of IsUraism, We are from God, and to h;m we return.At this moment dreadful disorder prevails among the Marmitts and she Druses. The evU bas deep roots every- wbere Butchery and murder are golar oo ia all parts. God grant that 'things may have a better ending.Greeting! to God, the Mighty, from hts poor se-vait Dava«ct s, June 10,1640. ABD Ki, KADER.A still farther evidence of the character of the man iscontainel in th* following decree recently passed by tbethe stock in proving n arrivedague(HaltSc IUOI —The New Haven (Connecticut) Blues, CaptainW. Bristol, Jr., '*m arrive at Peck slip, la this city, oh the after- noon ofthe 29th Inst., in the steamboat Traveller, andthe government, dew all ia itsbyhisfirstsuccesses,hecommencedwhatmaybetermed sho*ytear.Heraisedtenthousandhorsemenaadbe- sieged Oran, then occupied by the French troops, underCo r o n e r a 'troeer O'Eeefe held an inquest yesterday atMILITARY KXCCR8I0N—HHJHWOOD GUARD, OF E 0 - BOMMw.assigned for commission of the rash act.Vaaicia VA, A:.TV.—John Markwart, a ohtid residingthe e y n them t o captain of tha Brittob war schooner sesegHM would not with bis par its at No. 109 Divison street, was instantly submit plans for the embryo City Hall. Itfiseems, howev-remonstrated with as to the bid preaedeat aad policy of such a proceeding, by publicly atat leg that ib•••the city, sad the sum of $160 was placed beforeI n q u e s t s .nRsoxmaioGS ASO LABS.Congress must totetTene to protect staterr In the Tar-ritortes.and she was duly nenvH**** for trial. Elizabeth dntedher guilt to the most emphatic manner, however, sayingshe w u the victim of a foul conspiracy, and when placedin charge of Miss Foster, the natron of the prison,sherelated the story of her wrongs somewhat after thafollowing style :-She wits a estiva of Philadelphia, shesaid, when her anther resided, hot during the summershe attached herself to saw of the hotels at GapeMsy, in the capacity af aarvaat. While at CapeMay aha became acquainted with Biggs. On the of the distinguished prisoner, and the sdvantagn that countermarch lag, pursuits aad raids, which, by td tost., being tired of hotel life, have been made to accrue therefrom. The oae captured hindering his adversary from establishing a regu-FirstCsttaraugnAssemblydistrictbarenominatedNet- Mepsto Hit Lett Pmetsioru—Tkt Fttlings ofihePtaple— ran I. Norton.the former state of things; among then are they hare been either wholly or partially defeated ta included many ofthe former nobility, althoughsomeAFFRAY.—A couple of German musicians,GustavoBonandAugustusEhl,gotintoaqaarrelwhile pentog through Broadway, near Fifty-eighth street,Bodily exercises were act neglected, and at an early to be the subject of frequent notice An impartial judgewent heart and soul for the revolution aad the establish- ment of the republic. While Jeffrard was at the North It was reported that Soulouque would make aa effort toMontgomery, Chambers, Macon, Tallapoosa, Cons, Aa tauga, Russell, Oonencb, Perry, Tuscaloosa, and probably in Clarke and Marengo.perted01hiscareerbesurpassedalltheArabsinthedex terity with which h e managed his horse snd wielded h is yategan, to foot, such was his popularity a a i the wonaad an honest administrator, be w n al once aa example or purity of morals aad private worth. After remetniag- in the Fast, he returned again to Parte, where, fore time,UM»U> ABB BASOiB.Congress must intervene to prevent slavery to the Ter-Tbe iadefatigable Abd el Kader, nevertheless, «t,;i foundmeantoworkupon tbefanaticism ofthtI m , snd, in spite of^thelr sovereign, obtained the men a a i money whereby he was once more eaabied to thro mUmcratic press of the seven Northwestern States stands M• *9 te 1811 »63ny«:— BorneofourNortherncontemporariescontinuetoantrt.madshtmbytheMoorishpwple,bywhombewn n gardedn thechampionof MahometanIsm, aUowad himself to be drawn into a rebellion agaiast aha Emperor of Morocco, and thereupon the latter was eompellai to makecommoncuuaewiththeFrenchagaiasthim. the Moorish troops n a t oat, however,refused totgbt, aad tbeconsequencetenthaiAbdetKaderiaaaborttime found bianalf ta a position to resume active aswrattoasiicket sad leave its rapidly dinvnishing supporters st who insulted them whilst hoisting or targe, to do n they please,Hag of Mr. Denis, the American Consul, single American resident In Rio Hache; s, or b y what art or means, M r.WoLvn to Bmtar'S CLOTBI>G.—There are two traitorous journals which the conservative men of the country shouldthing he could tocomforted. One day whoa Mrs. Biggs w t s a n n t fromThe contrast is a strong one, aad shows the wonderfu_, . , .Bredanriitm„JS brought before Justice Weipetit larceny, oa the complaint afcolored. Tha complainant stated thai .toppingtemporarilyatbisdwelling,packednp:atotof wearing apparel, ead deeasaped with the same TbeaPacificstate;andIunderstandIllinois 01 •boardthePhiladeuptaboatforthatpurpose,whenBiggskepthimwadersrestraintandsurveillancethatwasAbdelKader,inthesnaothae,yieldtegtotheadvaaasto return to her mother, sad was about proceeding oaand carried the Arab chief ta France, aad for a tang time lar government, finally ended ia h is overthrowtl She did not discover the trick that had been playedin the place, she gladly accepted the offer Biggs tntro- her to his wile, and seemed disposed to do every id to make tha Philadelphian happy; but Eiiwas anxious to see her mother, and would not b epretendingtosoundtheBellfortheUnionparty,aadthe helmofclrcumstancnbeforetheyactuallyappear,andof other is Forney's Philadelphia Press Both are black re- confidential mtuner, informed her that be was going to availing himself of ail powerful infineaoH calculated tohis most devoted partisans gradually dropping aarty by disease and death, he surrendered himself to Geo Lsao- riciere, o n condition a f being taken to Alexandria or St.Jeand'Acre He VM sent to France with his family, and DanismasubjectoftheKingofHolland,hasUeeanamedguardagainst.OnetatheBaltimorePatriot,whichtoxthaebehtohuse,DanielcalledEllxabethtohisside,sad,taafarsightsdnanaadssgscllyafNapoleon,tnseizingtheafterbeingdetainedsometimeatFortiAmalgue,atTMOoaaal, is a mystery to allAmericanciilaens here. commonest soldier that heIon,than tt theCastle ofPan,tathePyrenees,hewas finally transferred Is tha Castle af Amboise Thstfs tioaal Assembly, "though frequently solicited for bas re lean, w sa unwilling to concede that favor, aad h e continued to remain under coastraiht until the 17th of August, 1862.when the Priace Presideat (the present Emperor) stopped at tbe castie where tbesadnecessary means to fit outReptiUkan, alluding to the Increase of the stave popula- surveyed. Elisabeth, like a good, virtuous girl, refusedto play the adulteress, snd rejected the offer with scon. been developed. We knew, however, that, with the ©oa-tionIntheSouthernStates,taaketthefollowingasser-tion:—Biggsrepeatedhisprepositionthefollowing dsy,sad used every artifice ia his power to seduce his guest, but in vain. At last Elizabeth became tired of his advances,sentofEurope,aFrencharmyofsixthousandmenispre-paring spd may be at this moment under way for theAnybody who Supposes tbat the country will b a nhere, than this trusting by ourgo peace, with all then millions kept in slavery by fores, and watching her opportunity fled from the bouse, scene of cruelty. We know af hts ambition aad his desire Emir w n Imprisoned, sent for the captive, aad cemmualseal and flag to s Holland subject, who understands neither human nature nor the lessons of taking with her some articles of wearing apparel to aggrandize wherever it can be done without bringing catod to him, la kind and courteous terms, tbat he was ty five years has been a resident of Bio whica had been presented to her by Mrs. Biggs some,withoutasentimentincommonwith history. dayspreviously.Fiadtegthathewasbelliediahisat himincontactwiththeadvancedideasoftheage;aadto free.AbdttKader,toacknowledgmentafthisgenereeemmeadatioaofbeingamilliontire.. from Carthagena brings the news that the the British ship Rscer had compelled Gen.up the steamer Monpos.and farther toon the application of one Captato Mark, of thesteamer, aadanaturalisedciti-AcorrespondentinHamburg,Ashlycounty,writesas tempttoseducethepoorgirl,hethoughtoraputatore- therumorsalreadytocirculationoftbeestablishmentof roslty,sworeontheKoranneveragaintodisturbthafollows:—Our August elections are over end they resulted disas-venge himself, and, preferring a charge or larceny against a government in tha East, with Abd el KaderFrench rule in Africa.On tits list of April he embarked with his svtto forBrc tsse, in Asia Misor, where he lived in retirement aatil theearthquakewhichdestroyedtbatcitytaInto. Warn thewarbrokeputbetweenRussiasadtbe Western Powersitwureportedthatbewasabouttotakeservice in the Turkish army, but his health required him to re- main In Constantinople.Distinguished at once by his sagacity aad courage• AbdelKaderhatforalongtime beenknowsbytbe classical name o f "the modern Jugurtha " N o one knew better how to humor the fanaticism tf the people, orto profit by it; and through all his varied career his actionsman, is elected to the State Senate from Saline, Hot Springs and Montgomery counties.employer. Tbe accused, it appears, stole the gold in small lots and sold the same for a mere song to a maa named De Voung, in Eldridge street. The total amountciousintelligence,thatbeexplainedthemostdifficult hiscountrywhichhavewellentitledhimtotheenco- passages of the Koran. Later he ems distinguished by miums that have been bestowed even by his greatestPBoarscmorTBB DKMOCRACT IX ALABAMA —The Mobilewas $80 worth, and this was disposed of for the sum of $2 87. De Young was also arrested andhis eloquence, enlarged knowleige upon general subjecU( and by a fervent piety, which led his countrymen to con for upon him at once the title of 8aInt and Savant.eoemtes. He has a profound faith tn his religion, snd his incredible snldulty is performing the dutiesof bis faith, during his sojourn is France, was ao marked aacustodyyesterday,aadonbeingbroughtintocourthe province. TheneighboringArabtribesofOran,believ- stronger, and what is more to the purpose, richer. The of the 20th tost, says — ing the moment a favorable oae to reconquer their inde-reststotilsptoHsadCarthagena,itisnottobeforgotten Presideat,althoughdeterminedtoinducetosmtotabor, Wehaveeveryreasontobelievethattheunionelecto- FoRoamr.—JohnSmith,forattemptingtopassacoun-st this moment that the Isthmus of Panama, so interest has succeeded in gaining the affections of the ral ticket is making such rapid advances ta the favor of terfoil fln on the Marine Beak at the store of August pendence, arose under the command of Sidi-el Maheddin,THBCABVASSm New JBBSBT—The TrentonAmerican narratingtheMagdaleaa,endthelargeAmericaninte- washedforexamination.of this widespread revolution. It may possibly end inthe entire destruction of this Confederation; hut beforethis, perhaps, owing to the straitened circumstances andcoasequeit reckless dHperetlau which will be entailed on has everiMilitary IatoUtgresne. NATIONAL QfJABD, BSVENTH KMTMBNT.We learn that the flag ordered b y the citizens of Wash- ington, and designed as a gift for the Seventh regiment, National Guard, of this city, in token of the appreciationthe present government b y such a protracted struggle, the right of way ea the isthmus may be,as a resource, ir revocablycededtoethersthanthanwhohavethegreatIt is no time for mea even who took upon politics withaneystoofficeaademolument towrangleaadtojar.This time next year the federal patronage may be in the of the donors for the patriotic response of tbe Seventh history of the French conquest la Algeria. Encouraged you would be heard If you had spoken to the living, butble. Therepublicisfirmaadunited,andeachdaygrowstheGreatMaster,hehasteemedtoforget hisown misfortunes ta contemplating the wrongs of others, and to exemplify In his acts that Christian spirit wh.ch is em-(<bodied In tbe Scriptural injunction,wbo hats you, and pray for those who dmpitefully w n yen."The following tatter, written by tbe great chief to tha Bir^uBaryi (Eagle or Paris), will be road with interest at the present time-tag to all Americans, forma part of the New Graae lias people, and even to the event of his death, the people of New Jersey, that the defeat of Lincoln and Confederation. No one can presage the result or duration which God forbid, Soulouque would hare no chance or abolitionism will soon bo placed beyond peradventure.Johnson, No. 2 Bayard stmt, nation by Justice Steers.w u committed for exami-the father of Abd el Kader, ben the Turks, and took pos- sesehn of Mafcara.The inhabitants of the city, to recognitioa of his splen- did services, desired to acknowledge Maheddin as their king: hot he declined the honor ta favor of his third soa, Abd-el Kader, who, b*ing chosen ta his stead, soon ex- tended hia authority nearer and nearer to tin Great De- sert fromthattimetbehistoryofAbdelKaderistheD o good t o thoserecovering his station. As the matter now stands, the go-Ltwith safety allow him to return to the my owa part I doubt whether SoulouqueTmtOmnoa or A BRBCKunuwtr, MAS—HOB. G eorgef.Ward, of Florida, who has been claimed as s Breckinvernment country,ridge convert, has written a letter to the Florida Sentinel say attempt to plot egatostthere dcfininghis position. He says —public II vincedthatThe aad to usuailytheallfellowknows enoughtobecon would b e impossible.I Of the island is tooking up, districts the yield will prove oaGlory to God! Ihave ben delighted by all tbat yea bavi written to tbe Btrptr on the subject of tbe Mussel- man States. Y ou bare ta truth given good advice, aadher , bad her arrested, a s h a s been previously ttated.maica that the late Emperor is preparing to make aa at- lathmu*.Thereareaboutfifteenhundredoftempttorecoverhisdominions.SouloaqiehascollectedLittleBooktosituatedHon.JosephF.Tagan,aI'nionchargeofstealing144pennyweightsofgolddustfromhisProphet.Eventoinfancy,sogiftederashewithpreco-havebeencharacterizedbyapatriotismaaddevotiontoended by a large majority ta Pulaski county, ia whichtaken into cntoly by the Twenty sixth preetat police onwhiteDOWSKAS Aso iosnmoaThe people of a Territorj mu.-t be left free to determine s Hitsarin against the accHSd appeared to be conclusive, cent advices from the Eait have brought the intelligence Bugeaud, and the bombardment of Mogador—a townIf I am asked who ta the most probable man to do this, I tbe Seventh regiment being the principal feature of tbe the command of Gen. Boyer. This w u ta the year 1832. footsteps in the ways of justice sad contempt of worldlyaaswer Bell.P.KITmICAN CAXDIDATK3 ui UaINS—The following arethenamesoftheblackrepublicancandidatesforCoo gross in Maine:—First district, John N. Goodwin; Second, Charles W. Walton; Third, 8. C. Fessendee; Fourth, As> ran P. Morrill; Fifth, John H Rice; Sixth, Frederick A. Pike. ThomasH.Hayes is thedemocraticcandidatefor t h e F i r s t d i s t r i c t .Jersey City News. THKVswCITY-HALL.—Over in Jersey City,it seems,enabled t o regularly organise a n Arab aatioaality NJW Jersey, Captain J. P. Newkirk. Both commands It \was the desire of tbe Fienoh government tothere is no City Hall, nor any particular place where municipal businen is transacted. All over the city place*are hired where civic matters are attended to in detail.Thegood folks of New Jersey, however, are about Isamend all this by the erection of a City Hall at the cornerof Nea ark avenue and Washington place. In April lastcompetitive designs were received by the authorities of will be received by tbe Highwood Guard, of Hobokea,of ambitious architects a s t h e bait t o Inducereceive theat tf they were to apply to htm tor shelter. killed yea^er morning by being rue over by a truck at er, that the gentlemen of the compasses aad the parallel Wood a marching salute; after which they will dine at which had arisen by their occupation of the country.By the firmness, however, of tue captain of the EstrelU,an amerlcaa ctttoea, who, bacaed by a few foreign pai- the corner of een|ersoB beard, refuaau to mtgw the refugees tobe helduponrule considered the premium too small, aad that they inal and Alton streets Aa inquest w ss were, moreover, disgusted at the fact of np guarantee hav- body,bat ao blamewsa attached to the ing;beengiven thatthe architect whoseplan shouldbeNew tnoubUs arose soon, among which was a revolt by certain chiefs jealous of his authority: but this he q-ielled b y t h e a i d o f F r a n c e . D i f l l c u l i i e * , h o w e v e r , c o n s t a n t l y occurred between the Arabs and French, and finallydriver.Colonel Cowdin, of the Second regiment Mi'sichusotts M i l i t i a , h a s o r d e r e d d e t a c h m e n t * f r o m t b e r i g h t w i n g o f 35 years of e was found floating in the water at the foot namely: Mr. Stephen Quaife and Mr. Lenau. The plan i f his regiment to resolve tbem, consisting of the Bjjtoa Fusikers,CityGuard.PulaskiGuardaadUnionUaard,adopted should be appointed to superintend the work, fin t a r x a DRO S E D . — T h e b o d y o f a a u n k n o w n m a n a b o u t c o n s e q u e n c e o f t h i i t h e r e w e r e o n l y t w o c o m p e t i t o r s ,t a k e n i i e h a a o v e r p o w e r e d b y f o r c e , t h e l a w s o f h o s p l u l i ty were Sot violated.Amongtooobnoxioustawsenactedbytie{weseatatminietrattoa.aed whioh hare oaused tee rerotutiou, are abeiit five fe ft Sight inches to height, aad wore bin over- which was not before guaranteed—the superIntecdennofK.fteetth treet,EwtRiver,yesterday. Deceasedwas theformergentlemanwasaccepted,aadhehasthat alia, tight ts sad blue cloth coat. The body was sent of the work.GeneralTrtstel,wboin1335hadreplacedDsemlcheUatwho will parade as a battalion, under oominund of Lieu Oreo, parched against tbe Kmir aud overtook him onthe Emperor Napoleon:—the following:—Tha appouitmeat by tha Presideat of the fepuMle ofSpanishrtEofata,to whom are dstogaffby the executive vet exiiactj Wednesday afternoon,secret, aao, m saaay toetoaCM, autocratic powers. Andanally, a law of sxproprtatK-us, whon-bjr the government Barter, af ttesian, Livingsta* county, Western N ew building. The contract has been Uken for $24,000 E under command of Major Chadwick, will perform escortbanks of the Macta, surruuuied by twenty thoasaad horsemen. An engagement followed, and the- French were compelled to beat a retreat, abandoning baggage aad train. This victory increased, if possible, the religious fanaticism of the Arabs, redoubled their energies, and threw consternation into t b e ranks o f t h e French army. A man was then chosen Governor of Algeria who was distinguished by great strength aud energy of purpose, Mai shal Clauzel, who left France accompanied by"Dreirousof givitg to ib e Emir Abd el Kader an evt- dei e* of tbe sentiments which hare been inspired by bis noble conduct Mrnamtsroa. upon the report of ocr Misu tor tbe Secretary of State to the Department of Foreign Affairs, we have decreed and do decree n fottowt :—"The Emir, Abd el-Kader, is elevated to Ihe dignity of tbe Grand 0>oss of our Imperial Order of the legion ofSuch, in brief, is the history of one of the m v t remark able meu of the present age.TheZonavcMania16ee by a communication in last Sunday's HSBAIA that a corps of Zouaves are -y.ag organised ta this city, aad intend adopting the tt uniform of tbe French Zouave. As the writer to evidently not familiar with tbe uniform— and it may be the corps are no better informed—a'low me to make a • few B^ggesiiius tor their benefit, through the columns of your valuable journal.tha Judna o f etacti-a throughout t h e several States, thereby securtsg tor the party Uyaasttoal power.to th*for identification.The structure will be very plain and unpretending. It wilt b e fifty feet front o o Newark avenue, a f browrflnne, by ninety feet deep on Washiogtan place ofThe visiters remain but a day ta Boston, and will leave The establishment of lateadentea according to the old 'tdrameg Ajsnoucur CIAST —The race of giants is not Philadelphia prested bricks. The building wiU be three in toe eleven o'clock train oa the morning of the 3Ut forMr. Frederickempowers luelf to appropriate, without c weatouy, to ita Trrk; paid U i a visit, In orojrdance with th e prin- aad L. Jones take the mason work, sad William Powel is owa usee say artratt property t» may enrat. It cert tialy ciple which induces. all great man to seek out the the carpenter. The contract obliges them to complete does not require the eyes of Argue to detect a something the building by the 1st of March next. Gum wood piles Nforotitmno shout then measures. • nice of tha BBKALI': and certainly Mr. Decker is one of are being driven ia the soft alluvial soil, to the depth orduty on their departure.Officers of th* Highwood Guard—Captain, j . P. Newkirk; First Lieutenant, Henry J. Hopper; Secdnd Lfeute- nant, E. J. Try on.stones in height, with a basement of seven foot, for beat- New) Haven. Tbe left wing of the Second regiment, Box- eta and fuel. All the city offices will be located In the bury City Guard, National Guard and Washington Guard,Here, on the eawt, the first overt eggres?im of th:; tbtgreafest nun, literally speaking, to be found in the from forty to forty five feet. This preliminary part af in—inistliisIMtptonseathefithiasi.,wbeustateuniversalTaikeenation,forhestandsfullysereufeet(bewwkhasbemgoingonforthelasttwoweekc,aadJr.;FirstLieutenant,JohnHanover;SecondLieutenant,theDukeofOrleans.Differentlyfromhispredecessors,three huedred men aad twenty wild savages ttam tha the ground is yet very far from being ta a position to re iiasjira shores, with their poisoned arro«f„ und-r tha in height, aad it stout ia proportion, with a tolerably ceive a foundation for the building.' 3 totsatoeato Wrauvm and CbiJael vt-c», good nfure fir his size, save a slight roundness of the It n calculated that toe newCityHall,when completed,I Tega, who were watoa. shaulderB, cataed by the practice of stooping. Young will serve for that purpose for about ten or fifteen yean,i, Bsahsrfced t e a couple at the end of which time our neighbors expect to be to a of schooaers, aad entered Santa Maria during the night, Decker ia inly ataeteeu years .of age, Oa looking position to erect a building which will rival the Hotel dehnowtof h to he istaaamsto after frwitiato atsemou t» at this splLtoW specimen of young America, e m Vnie of Paris. aswawtoSfiStheUovaraor,whofledtothaaVitisht»aOffiCTt of theFew Haven Blues—Captain W. Brittol, J. C\ MilesTO THE KDiTOE OV THK KEW YORK HEXALD.cannothelpmentallyasking,ifsuchISthesizeoftheboy, what will be his diaseaalon whoa ha growa to be a manf The birthplace of this youthful prodigy, toe, to sugges-ABBXST or AUIGBD'COCTlaitrsnsHa.—About eleven o'clock on Monday night, a young man named Jamn Welsh, and Mrs. Martha Whitner, keeper of a boardingM»jor Sidney Minard, of the Hudson Brigade, and Pay- master Terry, ofthe First regiment N. J. S M., Paymas- ter J. A. Campbell, of the Highwood Guard, aad Division Inspector Jamn O'Neil, will acoompaaj the excur- sionists.Dodworth's first and second bands will accompany the troopt.The Suicide of Caleb C. Woodbury. [From the Detroit Free Press, August 21 ]he commenced his career by disseminating mlsunder-Btaudisgs among the Arab chiefs; then, with a body ofeight thousand men, he marched towards Mascara, whichho found evacuated, and accordingly destroyed. Fromthis h e went to occupy Hemden, and, after some skir-mitheB, in whi;h Gen. Cavaignac, who w n then only %commandant, distinguished himself, b e returned to Algters, and in printed bulletins announced the extermina-tion of Abd el Ksder. Such,however, was not the fact, The fes cap is not a fatigue, but is warn at all tim-t; and the warfare still continued.The State of eiagSaleaa, of which Baata Maria is tha tive. Ossiau, as everybody knows, was the sou of house at No. 206 Chatham street, New York, were ar We hare already announced the death of Caleb C.le purien of firing his Irish rival a licking, d luto tmploy an anachronism, ftegal, seeing a yesterday morning upon being brought before RecorderThe first real successes agaiast the Emir were obtainedby General Bogsaud, a ho came to release General d'Ar-laages, then shut up la his camp, and succeeded In des-troying the prestige attached to the same and fortunesof the Arab chief. Afterwards, In order to facilitate tbe green turban. The rest of the Zouaves, bttag Christians,d , r e r l t n i d M r advancing, who was twice bis teas, mate his Ii .!f.l!t * ,#e wi;e put htm to bed,and under his instructions, when the l e C L ^ r ^ ' a ^ ^ , ^ * ^ " * * . WetTh aT Filially, he applied to a druggist named Cnartes Cooper,b ereasonablycalculatedthat FingalaaaatoamBefoto,aasaed Boaito,Issondtogsome3,MO aboissixfeetthreeinchesinheight. AaothorbrotherU•taaeofmueketowhichheTattadtototrodacebythewa» ofordinarystature,butwithapairofarm.reachingbe- agedabout18yeaia,for$1,COS TM*'rietta. mind your ma and Joey and Cally. I am innocent We shall meet again when- weahaii bohappy. All goodbye. C 0 WOODBURY. 'force ia the field, created a new aad energeticcorps oftroops,aad organised a system ofrazziasor A SICKLES CASS IB KBBVCCKT—On Tuesday a maa raids, which soon produced a decided effect and throat named Ketter was killed at Mt. Sterling, Ky . by an-other named Thomas. Thomas had suspected an laip ^ coed j famine among tbe Arabs. In 1841 Mascara was per intimacy between bis wife aad KelUr, aad on Tuea. tajkesj, and treat numbers gave in their submission to the day be f3end tbem together ta the woods near the towa.«f Seato Marta er BaraaBto. President uapma low the knts whta he stands upright. The reason waitedawoumpaatof Osaeral taarraa. Me cause can be ViacniA Sr-HisG-s.—There are seven hundred visiters atfoe this neculvarity it sickness in infancy, which stunted Old Swtet, four hundred at the Bed Sweet, fifteenA Coroner's jury was empannelled, who returned a ver-dict in accordance with the Tacta. He learn a wife andseveral children, one of whom, a married daughter re-sides ta this city. A second, a soa about seventeen oreighteen yean of age, lives at boms. Ha ssawnhto Bsmflv French. Not caat down by these events, however, Abd-aaatgwed for this move of tha besativa, who is net ast uttory aaea. ether tbaa a tour of being oiartokea bis growth md cheeked bis full development. Who A aU hundred at tbe Greenbrier White, eight hundred at theshe Sitting upop the ground holding Keller's hea I in t + tap and combing bis hair. Thomas drew Ms knife, *i-» ru3hirg upon Keller, killed L rr. m tits spot.SAewv *f tree. Mwsqasra or dtotruat af Gas. awrea, who, rrati.-* to say that there a.-ji*Hgiaate in then days?ktobtgufueiy White, six hundred at the Red Sulphur, aad fourhurcredatthe?&USlcphur.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069«*against the prisoners for having passed the above named several of his friends, but met with nothing bat refusal*.madehisappsaraan, ahatost •S^ 2LE£.I,£*!roJi*WMterfettetoMrs.Whitwhohesitatedsometimetagivingareply. Theoittwr, in the meantime, was waiting at the door. Seeing that he w a to be again refused, Woodbury aaid in a careless manner, "Bytheway,my wire sayssheWantssome strychnine, to kill cats with; she says they have bees yeUtog about the bourn ever since I've been gone. H o efirst French expedition against the city of Constan- tlae, he ottered peace to hli vaaquiahed enemy, aad im posed tn him, by the treaty of Taffua, oa the 31 of Msy, 1867, oouaitiuna still mere advantageous than toon of the treaty ofGeneral Desmichelswearwhiteones,anditistobehopedthatifwemust have corps itcirporated with foreign uniforms, the day is far distant when the distinguishing color of the Mos- lem shall be ssen in the streets of oar Christian cittee,or our ears 6 Aluted with the war cri ofthe ProphetThe pstite are nothing but s bag. • " » I * 0 "Ok1 f o r **• tegs. By plaiting the waistband sad bottoms they are somewhat relieved from their baggy appearance, but are bags still Tha naked tegs from the knees up strike eacht he atey, tost he wake the baby, Flegal, who was not far off, nth of bin. This alarmed thewho was glad to escape across the water inner, and was delected in the act. The Recorder committed the accused parties to jail to default ofbalLValuta of Negroes at the South.TheWesley Avery, collector for th i First aad PourS much do I want:' and be pulled out some change frompark, andone of our down town hotels. At live o'clock they will embark oa the steamboat C Vaaderbilt, of the Norwich and Worcester line, and proceed to Boston.will iheii proceed t o the City Hallp a yMayorthus throw upon b i s shoulders t b e embarrassmeitetenant Colonel Burr ill. The companies will be received a t the depot and escorted to their quarters at the Americanthe service aad labor of thirty four free ne dime would pay for ail that waa needed, and that amount who have not paid their city taxes. The bid was put up aud given to him. Soon after he suggested toIbe (Emir, prodttag by this pesos, availed himself ofthe opportunity toform among the various surrounding other inthis bag. Ifthis new com are going to adopt tribes lui Arabian federal league, for the purpose of procur- the uniform let it be complete. There w ss not a stasisdingat the rate or tea cents per day, for periods varvia* fn,m•votothirtythreeny.^d^xed^ome sta^T/olSThe sate w n made under tha flowing p^viawa of \L not be ready for three-quarters of aa hour, to which^ m i t l P * £ 2 « t o r rf«* c ^poratioo of ih dte open by his son, when be was found ta bed, dead. A French authorities, caused a massacre of the French colo- neither to our tune nor climate Can we not have inde-8 bathing tab ia tbe room gave evidence that he had takea trict m which such free negro may reside,for such tlm* a bath, after which be had pat on new linen, aad then re-pendence enough to crests a corps of our owa, with s a nists. By the aid of the Duke of Orleans and the Marshal Asntrtosn same, whtehwdl to ease of war reader as gal- Vale*,however,AbdelKaderwnreducedtothedefee- lantservicetothefieldaadwii thasiro, though failure resulted to aa attempt to restore French Zouave* Let some one start such a i a grey uniform—the best ia the <it be male loose and easy, beta tapted to the d nour wants—call threats!ris raagrnn, seouie, minute maa, anythingtheyehcoae—adoptthehardyexerciseandab- stemious life of the Chicago Zovares, perfect thesssalres, re that cmpa has, to the drill, aad nay aaay be sere tbev will rank higher ta ear esstassntoa and that of their win-aswillsamn,stnotlessthanteDcentsadavtorate the said torn and levies, with a commission to tiVoflV c*r of QveVr cent. Ttw negro** were not present at thetiredandswallowedthestrychninepurchasedtttbedrug store. The work had bera thoroughly and sorely done. He died apparently with much ease. The following note was found in hts bat—sate, aad the new owners m u n fore making use of itcatchtheirproperty ba- r *^ ' ***of Dorchestertranquillity to the people of Algiers. Itwhsthendiscoveredthatabloodycontestwasinevi-William T Vickers,Esq.,aheriftcounty. Marj land, sold oo Monday five staves baleleg to John R. startle, Etq., for the aggregate &of $6,010 One boy, Akok, aged S3 years?wassasai$1366; girl Mary, W years, SLIM: Alfred ,18 yea * 0$•60 Maria, 16 years, $1 310 The Dmoc.-at says that Alice ia well provided for; be a good boy, AIrian; Hea was adopted. He changed his tactics, increased his reign i were likely servants, and were boughtfor Southern an-kcts. Mr.Insley.ofVienna,soldatthesametimeaboa-Untitled DocumentWHITSPnsosr,August13,18$f. DKAB WOTS—I can't get bail, and sham go to jail, sa I take another course. Take good care o f t h e unlturen. There ta $320 duo oa tbe farm aad the mortgage on the bo4»e; bare Mitchell pav them, aad take tbe mortgage.table, in order to finally subdue the determined and patri- otic chief. General Bugeaud was named Gover-af>wthousanddollarsinproperty.^ ^ 'ciKv:cr reJrib'.od hisefforts,aroosed thetamausKa-OiS>readers, or rather tbe public, are aware that rehim at the present moment, tuterposing his streaj betweentheMahosnodanaadChristian,stayingbloodagaiast his old adversaries ButtbefortuneofwarWMagainsthim 8urround*«people of that country tram wholesale mason Thursday evening, whoa Ehl, it is charged, drew sdirkknifefromhispocketsad subbedhisadversaryto derfulpowerhecouldexerciseoverbispeople, thatthe hewnmadethelionofthehour. Mm fanhassamere-satesthecapital.Therumorwasputtocirculationto SfSAKBBPK9TMKCTOSItoOUXBSAP.K-ELBCTION.—Hon.A s Ra+lntion ttmmtnrmnmi tf Operation*—Attack tm ^probability by his friends, who must have been sadly Was. Pennington declines being a candidate for the next the neck, inuring- a aevere aad dangerous wound. The Dsy of Algiers, who had received Intelligence concerning semblance to the traditional features of Christ, aad peopleto OVT I leg at Bio Bath* What it Anttmtt TV- Who Omuulpmnu I*—Bri**kMtrftrtnti, ate.Onthe revolving circle of New Granadiaa politics,thenotch of civil war at again uppermost.Satisfied in watehtag the suicidal courae of the Mexi-cans, American statesmeo, tninterested is the result, ture as yet tekes little heed of what passes is South America, and left the arbitration and interference to ever watchful Old England, who, like the good welghmas- ter we wot of, is sure to get her share of the cheese, anddutppointed withtheresult for tf taeobjectwastoteat thefeelingsofthepeople,theygainedtheirpstot.butact ta the manner they wished. Everywhere the notion was ridiculed, and nothing but injurious epithets were ap- plied to Soulouque. It Is not at all probable, to fact scarcely possible, that h * late Imperial Highness willever again make aa effort to recover his throne. His memory is hated by the great mam of the people, who were cruelly oppressed for the benefit of a few, and even t h e n who might otherwise be glad t o have the old order of things restored, and who regret the advancement of the country to civilization, would be more disposed to place another rather than Soulouque upon the throne. How-CongresstotheFifthdistrictofNewJersey. ALanourasVISGINIA.—Amongthedelegatestothe Breckinridge Convention, at Charlottesville, VS., wasAbraham Lincoln, of Rockingham, a cousin of the repub Iteen candidate for the Presidency.SiAvawf vs. FBJOEDOM.—A minister of the Gospel, in the course of a sermon recently preached at High Bridge, remarked tbat tberewasagnatdnlHidonthesubject of slavery; and although he did not intend to discuss tt then, yet he would say tbat he had much rather be a Christian stave in the South than a free servant of tin devil ta the North.aaaafteat fled on committing t h e deed, but subsequently returnedaaddelivered himself into thecustodyofthe Twenty-secondprecinctpolice Memwaspinedunder the care of Dr. Hosted, snd then sent to his home.CHARGE OF FALSI PBSXSBCH.—Daniel Caahman, whole-sale liquor merchant, of No. g Beaver street, appearedbefore Justice Connolly, st the Jefferson market PoliceCourt, a few days ago, and entered a complaint for tnimhim, tearing his ambition,wished thathemightbeas ssssteated. Warnedtaseason,however,theyouthful Marabout, with bis father, fled to Egypt, aad for tha first time was brought to centos! with European civiitaatica at Gates aad Alexandria.Profiting by all circumstances in which he was placed, he availed himself of this opportunity to visit the cradle ofhisreligonst thetombof Mahomet,ia Mens, and by this holy pilgrimage recommended himself still more to the attention of his fellow countrymen.would frequently crowd around bimtoobservethatfine andnervousorganisation whichhasmadehimamanof mark, not only among tbe arlld Arabs af his own country, but wherever be has appeared *During the last few yean be has resided ta the Holy Land, aad after a long interval of quiet, wa find him again, with a nobility of soul which sppesxs to have characterized himduring hisentire career, taking the part of the oppressed ta Syria snd striving to prevent the outrages which are being inflicted by the people of his owa faith upon the unfortunatepretencesagainstClausTerry,ofNo.ItEtinbethstreet.The complainan, charged the accused with having,bymesas of fraudulent representations, procured a bill ofliquors to the amount of $84$. Terry, tt is charged, saidbe was doing a good business at the above place, bat itsubsequently proved that he had been sold out by tbeSheriff and was insolvent The accused was taken into French, and Turkish dominion was annihilated in the Christians of that country. Following the precepts ofMeanwhile the influencenor of the country, and a new ptau of warfare trymen than If they adopt a foreign ualform and a fo-near Cibraliar—by the Prince d e Join vote, forever coredIhe torha.- is white, not greea, as a rum. There are ta tbe French army perhaps tw o regiments who wear the green turban the entire carps, beyond thai small exception, wear white. A ll w h o e r e Mahomedaaa balong to these two regiments and wear tbe www.fultonhistory.com 