 t*teii * w7 12»ftna perfumern Of coarse they will have no efcjtetton to see law tost obstacles to tads important com merce definitively removed. Franco is likewise the prtacipal aarket for the oils and silks of Ntoe; two thirds, alte, of its oranges a n d lemons come to Franoe, and they form moat important Sterna of Ma trade, smoonltag to about one eighth ef the value of lta exports We might else gl*e the returns of the vessels entering and leavingtwenty mllltors ot dollars in value ot this article. The time la abort, whenever "humanity" Joannes • five hundred psrssssj betog present, including both ssay arrtve when the nauoas ot the Old World will re et.ee, tne verdict to given against the maxconatitutionaliitj and democrats. M. de Bsnningsen had quire this, the cheapest of food, tor the sustenance oi H'lered and hopeless condition requires themn mac*. u i » At rjawSaeati.., teCnteageWll Tlitf,0J*.tt,V0O*,Pufetliatic Excursion. Championahip far the PeatnerceMontijo, the ntotber of the Empress Eugenie.There a no doubt that the conspiracy w s a solely com posed of Spanish elements. I am assured by those eel! informed that a disruption had recently taken place among the Carlitt party. A portion of t h e leaders h a d taken their stand aa representatives of religious a a d political aseotatlsm, and refused any kind of oompromtos with modern ideas (theirs being obsolete). Conspicuous among them were Don Juan, brother of Ooont de Monte-o f t h eII O*;iMUTotAi ratioucAi. aaian.8487,30430f^a*»rWi^awW (^P881,380 96lav fair HATCH31,1800.. .to4a,84081.W7.a81 00 DETAILS OF THE FIOHT. moMa and General Eltowere making arrangements with the leading progresstoelata of the moderado par-successful operation, all exporting extensively, chiefly forthe Russian and Chinese markete. Quite a number of On Friday morning the different seconds and be tkers e f?• s»»tti,toMerc*31,;e4o...... 51TJT3 90ty. O'DonneU baa not aa yet returned toSpain. There are many rumors s s regards hia absence a tsuch a time, but tho truth of tho matter is, the General in brought to a suscetsfu} tone. Chier and Prime Mintotor a dangerously ill with choleraat Tetuan. It waa supposed b y many that he did not wishtbe principals met at Bells life. The reporter of the Lon- despatch—most of them, however, on EagUsb account don Kmet, Mr. Dowbng, the referee, aad the President efthe railway which conveyed the parties to the fight, were there. Mr. Sayers wsa there, hia face lookug very well, but hto arm waa to a altng Mr. Heenan was aot there although we saw him that morning out riling, and a p ! perentty perfectly well. T h e various parties evidently were not on the most friendly terms. Bayers eyed t h e Americana very savagely, and did not seem ta bit uvea' good spirits.toerease0 sit m Judgment upon persons accused of an offence whichbehimselfcommitted, batIknowthatheisillani cannot return to Spain aa y e t No one, however, canWhatever fault may be found with the present ministers, nonet er, it must be admitted that they are actuatedby a very different spirit from that of their predecessorsand evince a sincere desire to carry out the con cruisers is too much of a mystery tor me stiiuiional principles they professed before theiracotwion t o power . They a r e gradually weedingout the abuses that overrun the country under theMenteuffel regime, and although far too lenient in theirtreatment of the instruments and accomplices of the ex-ploded system, it seem* that some of the moat flagrant ofT'Inders will at length be delivered over to tho hands ofjustice. No little sensation was created a few days sinceby the arrest of Police Director Stleber, a gentlemen ofwhose character and antecedents l gave a slight sketch laone of my former conununicatione. From a aealoua demccrat be bad become the favorite and confederate o' theno'orioas Btokledey, tbe Del Oarretto of Prussia, wno,far three years aad bveships of large sins have been loaded, meeting wtth quickBSAtCJUT*.-re-i-ir* aadaais fcaaatoavan. 3 i ,» French. 211DM3 Tote.!, }M0...318 Total, 18§8.. 131.Ittseclude l b * American rthe :are oi the severalQM teat to iepaadeaily ofef UM s x * t y a a army o f a gate.fiermaeMeeting of the 8econds and tbe port ef Nice, whiuh would ahow that the greater: my manna rl, toeTnae^ane^laVelat***4'*ittiypott tf Nice to tte ash|uat ci a million and a half yearly; doatd, and a v.cleit revolution will sooner or later be ' T ^«e8the vartosaqaasAlen* presented to ycu by tatwrareas a'l otter {countries together aoraot fnr- the inevitable consequence. Tne Germans are quite aware luosteminent 1jstntiiic men among you. Toesabj-wtof ^ . ^ • J l ^ f e «?°«* « hnaxsnur:" bat, whillmo.lUetitteof Trees .oro*^Ml*. MtMUbeted to enpply Ntoe with that neceaaary, haa not seat equivocal meaner. On Friday evening a meeting wasl/berie . . . . .i 8 &mm\r* 1 5Germuay. ... Iad».. 3 BbJgarto-. 11,403 67 W 1,319A)3,4*1 1>HUrmponduce.tipaed aaffloeoto ahow the extent to which the inhtUtantooflfioe are interested In the freer and easier adnnawion efFrenoh products Onthootherhand,Nicehas mownnatural productions, its tlJwere, which are not only uts-cted mtheirprimiUvefreshness butareana meansintheirpowertheresolutionsadoptedby adaptedtovmculture.Theproductdorla*uteswat**LT mantoearcountrywhohasengagedtosubdueaaetb<•.8884,818 07.05rBC DEENAN A5D SAVERS FltittT. in great Jemanl for making perfumery. Even now, the datilleraa ef Nice partially supply ear PA-the majority of the Federal Dtot en the 84th March. m the I'niud Stales was mere ihaa e%bt bdadrod^.utooa rruuiica oatstoo help to aid him, as was given to Bay* * The assembly waa vary numerously attended, about of bushels. During the temine of 1647 we exported neariv •nine thirty ninth round, be Is conaicered to be '.67 i^ii 230arrived from Hanover to take part in this demonstration,and M. Danekar, editor af the Peoples Guttu, waa votedinto the chair. One a t two antttary adherents of Auatrto grossest ef German aastoasss sptota and statesmen, trade*•ortoreadItsproof OaatoM•ton of the wwrd~.at»-n7 n » ingrounds,whoa,tospeahton of uTcond'amItS.S-I f a B O ^ ^ ' %*>?***£* * • * " read ••th^TwSeei at^nto struck at hiss," toetoad ef "kicked and strucki ,irla-^to.et!r^.A f* l.ew 1 * * *r*rt and177,214 OBItt0,*30 33We were visited also by her British Majesty'a steam ves- sels the Highflyer, the Cruiser, the Acteon and the Dove. Tbe Cruiser sailed hence for Shanghae, via Kanagawa, a few daya since Why we have no visits from Cnole Sam's/, whaoh he hnd receired of too lord Jesus. young Ktog of Naples, ho haa nto hands fall at present j his long nobbc Ufa in all cue important relstionswhich may be considered the corner atone of every social edifice.la Berlin, too, tbe day will b e celebrated b y appropriate orations and services in the various schools and churctra of the city. The Melancthon festival a kept throughoutTbe light will most probably bt renewed, and tin? within two or three weeks. We are afraid poor Tom will get the worst of tt.THE CANADA'S MAILS.*Ja| esto-IIUtef that quanuty. While France impor* rOnto Nice sugar to the yearly value of 1,300,0t0f , Bel- that a crato in their polittoal extotonea to at hand, aad 2 £ E £ S 5 i 2 * > »"»fAi » thai standard, and theMJ l rgium, the oaty other country that haa reaenUy oontn- public opinion a beginning to manifert itoelf la an un- ^ . £ i ^ 2 ^ ? . £ * * » • • •* * »' coadittot-thattte friesds ot Mr. Heenan oaaaet oowct to x-ioh a fawhretortom ue roe11stisl _ to the orders of the referee,sad w * an re>i m coircsr STILL DIDECIDED.their people. I would anggeet that yea form aa totimate acquaintance wtth this "staff of life," and promise yea u will fulfil all tne predictions which were aaade by thatterjpesnton of such a sentimentto coactoaton, 1 wish to say for myself that, la 1Toe green profit* have been—rw the year ending November 30. ltfte 018,700 30 Tte Canada a nsailn arrived in town jesterdaj doubt that Marshal U'Donnell would dislike to pronounceAid tol » ( « » t » lAlbert Eownrd, the eldest son of ef Queen V.etoria, was v:nce. and Rome would soon crush the resistance 0! the Rcmagneae- Here again you will see that tbeports of the place oonttot chieily o prepared seaweed, salt and dried t a b , hah saooea, tieh and vegetable oils, lain glass, laquered ware, tobacco, and some fere,eksaa, tallow and white wax. Cupper ia abundant. Wbeat a n d rice are produce*1, in oonaklerable quantities, but tuey are pro- hibited exportation by our treaty.1807 " " 1808" I860Iwtall e i a c t k e a OB Central Chrtotton Ad *scalefarMvreeyearsendingDe- «»Vr31.1000raideycr«rrsr<>»«raJOsAfe"eBeeThe Invalid* Mvast b a a another adverse article o nthepretensionatSwttssrtoad. Itconsidersherarma- ftrtiieultimaterecoveryoftheRomagnaAreasfolio••:-Ibe President of tbe railway gave ta has return, aad the20.403 33 W,0ll 24 92,370 40.000,044 30f»,21300 T8.3.-0 62-838,630 71106,104 60of the Chicago De- 00, ISM, which than, batafternoon. They briiojj n i onr correspondence and pnpers trom London and Liverpool to the evening of the 21st idt.as to the guilt of uttega and hia icoompUcea.to enme back to tho affairs ot the Pope, I am in tbe receipt of constant communication from Rome, and can areure you thai ine Papal government is getting hard up fur cash. It now seems decided upon that the only chAocesattemp. oarto Chinese" in oar exhibit^ M 4 e r N ions.3i»,T02 31 871,806 99.8228,812 73 . 100,006 74.871,806 88born Novomaer 9,1841, aad consequently w a s eighteen years efd last November. As n Prince of England, Sect and. Ireland aad Getaway, he haa, by birth aad byletters patent, tbe following titles.—1. ?Ttnce o f Walca, b y patent, 1841, Engl sh.2. iMha of Cornwall, by birtn,3 *»ri of Cheater, by palest, 1M1, "4 Great Steward of Scotland by patent, Scotch.him with greate rlect to h a razzias against the democracy, and re the detection af the real or alleged ploti that were brought to 'ight every now and then to convince the poor King that tbe safety of hia throne and person depended entirely upon the vigilance of his trusty president of the police. But M. Btelber did not confine hit activity to tbe sphere or politics; following the example of h a betters,ground for safe anchorage; tbeiefreshmentenrcesaary for a German paper pubtabed in 1 onion, sad led to an in- whalemen are produced abundantly in ins neighborhood vrttigation, during which he was suspended from uf the city, and are now lurnished at moderate prices,Krveoaber 30,TELEGRAPHIC *oraxn. DAY*fl rnocEEDiKes.Anglo FrcLiiib aluance isptoyinglhe role ef pact&cttorNo one can uoubt that were France and England to breakaai-norr all Enrotie would feel the result. For good, orhad still DM. France and England bear noon die fate ofltaiy. i »ai<i aoove that the Pope waa in need of money.Tba wi strictly true. Tbe Papal bank notes cannot be ex he engaged in various transactions of a financal nature, changed in Roane for Rumen gold under one per cent dieTbe situation of this port is a sure warranty that ere long it must become the rendezvous for ail1006.onr northern wbalemen Tbe harbor Is safe and parer was, perbap*, tbe worst sufferer. While be waa commodious, the bottom being the very beat holding4. OukeorRothAAy,by birth, 6. BaronofCarries,by MrU, 7. Baron of Renfrew, by birth,« Lord of tho Isles, b y birth,MM at tbe regular hoar, Bishop Ames to (be chair, with•8a usual rehgioas excrcteca, under the direction of John 10 Itokeof Saxony, Geramn." " '• "tbe opportunity ef .tampering with the wit- Tbawinter our amusements are varied and many. watchtohtopocketbook.The total amount tf money to be divided was 810,383— tbe railway keeping one half, the other betog divided be- tween Bayera and Heenan. Macdonald received 03,600 to gold lor Heenan. *After having set?led tbia business the Oght became t h e sobject. Heeaan's friends wanted the fight to come oft ibis week, or cite the party oojacting should tose. The rules of the ring ate that the fight must come oft wtbtn the week or all bets are teBerum, May4, I860. 78* Mefhodat Episcopal General Conferencenesses, in consequence of which the CriminalCourt gave orders ta arrest him an3 consign him to thecity prison, where he will bave leiaure to reflect upon theinconstancy of fortune sna tbe brief tenure of all human bave come en" in good s.yic; then we have chowder and grandeur. He is said to have offered bail to any amount;S. Tartar, of the Newark Conference.It w a s Announced that Bishop Richer iaon and Mr. Webster af the CanadiAn General Conference, were pre- east, aad as motion, they were admitted ta the Con-11.Prince of Cob urg and vlotfca, Germu.barbecue parties, excellent sleigbing am akaiing matches; in sbort," Young America' a arounl, and others who arc no'. Young Amerians fo.low suit. We bare a theatre to full blast, an amateur company,Scottw a s parposelr selected, scandal that might l i epreaching was not with antanng words of nun a troops, aad many of tho latter will no longer draw the -the government, bat wholly in error. The author, whose , bat in demonstration of the spirit aad of power. generous wide ef• Francis II.; they have paid their account name does not appear on the title {ago, a one Leonce Du-NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1860.-TR1PLB SHEET.0«r L#P<rr>q, Paris, Bertie aid Japan more thsa ti.OuOi. worth. It m unneoeaatry to enumerate other hlnda ef aasrehandias; what we have already mea-held here at Arnm a Hotel, to deliberate upon a proposed addreas to the ITuatlan nttoistry, approving of the course they bad hitherto purroed to the Hessian btistasaa, and urging theanto persevereto it,andopposebyeveryw * AIlAoJmJSSL* *?" —•*—• •** pWlaaAhreatot to spend at an hoar's actios. The friends of Heenan mWmBackers of the CombatantsBOTH MEN ANXIOUS TO FlGHf AGAIN, eurer remuneration for the exercise of their intellectual aceuireantato.It la impwwlble 11 know how aJaira in Spain really a r e at prut ci, s s the moat contradictory rumora a n circalnttate a question that might interrupt the harmony between the German governmentsatamomentwhen theywere menaced by foreign Invasion, hot their reasonings wereSpicy Debate in the Hove of Common* tog. We do not know whether Count de Montemollh^L6rWrV?LnS'on the International" Mill."(Charles Luis) and hto brother, Fernando Maria, are aa yet smsled ;ene day this is asserted, and the next denied, aad aa far ss I eon hear positively, ah that the Spanish police have seized be longing to the above asaaed peraoaa are their effesta. The Queen of Spain granted aa audienceHeennn went to Urn rstost oftVe personally as ceatra dtotthe statement that bewas anxioustoradraw. We are Informed Umt be had aa interview wtth the editor.Theresultofthistotterwaamoatcurious;hewastoua- dated wtth letters of every description two ilhistrated paper which contained the American account was return- ed marked with all sorts of resaarsa, more forcible than elegant; many letters contained threats sna, tf Heenan ever entered the ring again he ahoakl not tost e ItaJrre, and that they would shoot htm like a dog On the other band, the editor of Betl'i Life has received tetters fromThe Railroad Receiptsof the tothewifeofOrtega. 1amassuredthaithefavorwas tnly sceoroe 1by the direct intercession of the CountessSimilar PrussiaLI1CS, TBS IIFEICI*, MTSIRD,France mutt quarrel with England. Then a coalition will ments,menases,provocations,andevenprotests,alto- Sotorm?dagainsther,andRome,knowingthatFranceand sixty, at 818 each. There were seventy free tickets, which were given to the press and the ring Keepers, not a stogie American correspondent received a ticket, b u t each had to pay hto 816. The Prenktent shows I seve- ral frrged tickets, t a d said there h a d been probably over one hundred used. This willasoouai for the preneece uf ibe pickpocket*.Tbe Americans suliered much from these gentlemen. I he special artist of a well known American iilatt ratedgether usjoatiOAbw. Europe will not follow Switzerland in that course ft Is possible that kngtoad haa her own reaaoss for mstignting Switzerland, bat in ctto of war aha wooid not give her a shilling or Asoldier.will have enough to do attending to her own affairs, willauatk Romagna with troops under the command of anable general (lamoriciere); Austria would invade Lornhardy, wbiuh would cause Victor Emanuel tocarry h a forces to the defence of that pro on the principle of setting a thief to catch a thief,employedAmericans betog a fair portion of that comber Tbe e x - -TV Karl of Dublin, by patent, 1849, Iran.We lack, perhaps, in our lair quota oi female society, bat ibis has cot prevented us trom baviog bills which would bave been >o discredit lo your own city. Already tiveOar Paris Carraaaosnaiamco.but aa y e t this haa been refused. and h e will prooablyhave to remain to duvanoe vile till tbe day or trial, whichis fixed lo.- ibe beginning of next month. If the procecotag* should be public there will be a tremendous supplied from the officers and crews 01 the Russian txpei, which may compromise some of the highest per war steamers—the Japanese and t h e Dy gut—performing socages in the realm, and tt a not unlikely, therefore, ibAl to crowaed bouses trl weekly. Those vessels are winter the Court will resolve to exclude publicity, aa is generally tog here—will probably be here until toe lotn of April done here In such aasea In fact, it ia believed tba*. an textPAAIS, April 18, 18*J0.fcrra e , and invited ta lake scats on the platform. The •PkaPUt, in t\< Papal PMqf—Amtria Becoming O/A—Vu great joy the young Frenchman, M. de la Rochefouctult,isttgalut Uios admitted, presented the address of the Iruke uts Bieajci*. Que nobleman Is a widower, and bat Canadian Confereaoe to this Confereec*, which was read. Hti-oiutum in Sicilw—tht t'oit in Nice—The Staitt Quet goo* tr Rome to tate service in the Papal forces as aBehop RsrausjMem addreeaad the Conference.Hon—11* Sentence oa-ihe &dtitorof VAmi d> la JfeUoim volunteer; but by tar the moat interesting part of tbebe withdrawn.Of course tbe betters on Styers. who• e a o p atotune announced tnat ute Rev. Robinsonwas present as • delegate from We Irieb Westoyaa Cooferanee. His oreiialissi were pass—aad and be was ad- with yice—Spanish Affair*—Conditio* ef Ae Carlitt li a now evuieel thai the French troops are soon to mitted,and nvrted to take Aaoat on the platform. Mr.The first bail of the reason took place at our public as-sembly rooms, a tne hail rirnished by our wariny Cons'.i). Mr. E ¥. Rice, and litwa up by joint conwibubon 01 lo make fresh beta, as the odds could not be ao greet. our foreign population. The ball—a masked ooe—eras Tbe friends of Mr. Sayers finally prevailed upon Mr. Dew something of aa "elephant'' A few of toe chare Oere re-presented were exoellent. I noticed those of "Faistiff,"a Moorish Prince, a Turktoh Pacha, whilst several boysliom theshipping m the harbor were dressed as Italian,Herman and Dutch peasant girls; but deci-Jedly the bestcharacter was that of a Japanese woman, represented byHctiuUrd—yi:t—The A.iH AttnexMionitti—French tradecome, amoohltag 10 1,630,000 irancs.bad laid their money two to o n e againstHcenaa, desiredPartjf—Finest </ Mirshal <)'Donnell—TXePlan for tv leave Rome. The French Commissariat in that city has aVaorry qf the Rmnrnpna -The i>ps in Want ofFunds— oreteo making arrangements for the supply of rations,dsett presented n veaottful sad sssqoant address to thisCsnlerence, irom the inah Conftreaoe, m reply to AtormerAddressoftheMethodmBntsoonnlConfersnosi theFrenchtoLeavefame—HungarianandHuuianAf- EternalCtty,whereastayortwelveyearshasrendered of the li.ted State*. Mr Scitt Kiea adaresnad toe Oon-Isrenoe is a artef and atoa^sat msaaar. fhe«f »auk iheae deautatioaa from Abroad, and mareling, tbe editor of BtlVs Life, to accept a ceroiioate worn a f hyeician that .Sayers' arm waa not in a conditton to thjhl, and to wail until it was wsll. Tbe friends of Heenan replied that if Mr. Heeaaa'a eyea had beta blind no each favor would bave been shown haa, and that ancb a course as waa recommended waa against all tba roles offairs—Ike Pamphlet La Cnalvirm—The Weather in them almost Italians. No one can doubt that disorder Parii— Marriage *f an Amhcan lady—Another onthe will luliow close upon their removal. In fact, they wouldtnpis— M. de ItmnxnePs Note to ebs Poteen vn It- Si x»y Quest)**, de.The sddress, after an AiTectionAte tnlntatton ta the Gon- off the straggle that waa Impending in Itoly. The Pope entirely 100 desirous of according to Hangary reforms ference, expresses coofioencetn the wislorn and peaty of that he deems seceasAry.the isuitstintasrres to meet their solemn responaibiUttes bas received advices from Vienna, as I am positively as Oorresponcents from St Petersburg complain ofinatlttgently and taugtaaaly. It expresses ttaa haste that sored on good authority, whicb hove entirely cooled h u the deploiabie judical organization actually ia vigor•ttfeaugh there may not bo enttre nssnimRy af asadtaaaal ardor for the fray, although ho haa seTired the ser- In Russia. The absence of publicity in civil and en ad subjecta wbloh m*y come before them, vices of Genoral Lamoiietore aa commander in chief of criminal trialn, the incompeten •» of the judgessB may be settled in the eetrtt of chartty. charged to explain and administer the tow, andthe unex la speaking of the death of Bmhop Wangh, too hia forces. Tbe Vienna Cabinet no longer encourages wmpted dilatortaees of proceedings—carried on as theysays on the * h day of February, 1808, Piua IX. in attacking Um Bomagnas. Austria are in writing—all this makes the judicial system of from the •'Messiah" of Handel, and tbe "Paulus" of•of oar Boird, Bar. Bishop & WAcnh, cooM not, owing to bar internal df«eensioaa, Russia like a dark labyrinth in which great abuses are com- Mendelssohn, &c. The foundation stone 01' a monument red from no by death. His illness wan short. mitted. It is high time for tbe Emperor alexeniSar, who to Mc-lauctbon will also be nod in the presence ufUp to within n few days of his profit thereby; an aha dissuades the Pope from hia pet pro haa iaveethrated an« remedied many defects in his em- the Prince Regent aad his son, who leave ho tnoored with nanhaled ardor fas foiiilling the jack, that of iiissssni lug h a quondam sobjecto. As for the pire, to occupy himself with the administration of justice, town tomorrow morning to attend at tbe solemnityciAUy the lauar, naa most cn-disi.The committee en the Wisconsin delegate ease reported • {Aver oi the atamg delegate, P . & Bennett, which re- pert was sdeased.The (inadrenma. Addreea of the Bishop was then rend by laafcnpJJLTH Twotbousudcopiesofthealdreaawere orderedwbeprinted,andiuseveralportionsreferredtothe appropnate committees.The politicAl horinon, Umt has so long been black andforeboding, to at lato clearing up. .Austria mso weakenedby want of money, and so fearful of tbe evident saddetermineddiscontentoftheHungariansaswellASTy-roteee, that she feeta the imperious necessity of patting the room 01 tbe Arcbduse Albert, who has been foundto retire, ere long, from his responsible posrUon. Hat natural and easy—bursts of laughte' greeted hit every conduct at tbe Schiller feattval has bsen animadverted movement Tne ball of tbe se&aon, however, tookAsaprefidmg ofhoer howaacalm,oortooasana dLpiiftod; to nature, and Are no more. I shall, ere closing my letter, pont, a ecvrespondeDt of the iadeiieaddnce Beige, who haa sors—a measure which is welcomed by the people as onewore a crimson halo ere w e bid our generous host good men, the Marquis of Starkrd betog on hto rigbi. whUe thealso dehornsanddimcnlt work ofstattontog minhuers neverhad,tomycertainknowledge,anyconnectionwith ha was pesisid, aflsottonsla and firm; In the coondla of give yon the latest detslla from Sicily. The Queen of the government here. The pamphlet alluded to a not ofIks ofanrch ha wsa discriminating, sagacious aad sanded: Spain baa had her revolution it put down also, any great interest.aa aa executive officer ho wss IJ mnaiheOc. paternal anasaoded.InCarauaaAxoaltonoe,Inmnlsterlalfidelity and Although itwasAbloodless one,the TheauthorreviewstberespectiveBituationaoftheEu-aad m Epttcopel uaeruin«sa, h e WASeminent. H is loss to waves of public emotion are still agitated, ropean States, for the purpose of eatimatinc the chanceswhich a coalition against Franco, at the instigation ofof the first evidences of the triumph of liberal opinions. At the meeting of the Geographical Society on Saturday last, the American Minister, Mr. Wright, presented some specimens of Indian coin, accompanying them with a (ew remarks,thesubstanceofwhichwillberoundintbe annexed paper. To explain his allusion to the difficulties met with by Frederick the Great in introducing the potatobye.Yesterday Messrs. Pitta &Bradford, young AmericansDuke of Beaufort was on bis left Many of the K+r Is who were announced as being present have addressed letters to the papers denying tt, the Earl of Eghagtoan b..irg of that number Two religious papers charge the Bishop of Oxford withbetogpresent.hetowellksownasbeingfondofspart, and therefore tbe public would not be greatly surortoel if It should turn out to be tree. W e clip Irom the printhe church Aodtbe CUM' of raHgion la groA*. To as, hissaUeagaes, who snjg ahsred h a intimue frtoodsbipaadgodly coousala as well s s the fellowship of hia officialowes and wlmbois, tbe bereavement a most pain bles—to tact, stUlbave them—while his Holinms, although have all turned to the daadvaatage of England, and that, persuaded to taste the new edible offered to tnelr use. fa), let us undo in praying IhAt tbis solemn launchingexcomouunimtions, finds bapositionlessse. onthecontrary,theprobabilitiesareratherInfavorofa TheycalledItthedevil'sroot,andrefusedpos.tivelytorecently settled here, opened tne large barroom connectedwiththeirnewhotel,theInternational.Acoldlunchwas serve 1 up, and an assortment of excellent liquorswere supplied. All were enthusiastic in their admirationof their house. It is the first house erected In Hakodadiafter the American s*yle, and is, I believe, the first hotelever opened in the Japanese empire. The house bas be :abuiltentirelybynativecarpenters,fromdraftsrornisbed cijalpapersheretheiropinionsoftheOght,andthuscon-rrsrhni 26,080, nod :u scholars 151.000. Tho league too much weakened to attempt war, and we shili pbttahtog inuresta ore sho n to he in a highly toccesa- possibly hare peace.ra: ttate. both in a C.omcxx' and moral view. Itte m j -ends all talk of thai clemency that Isabella waa to ahow food.eaatrprtoe ban Ateo b«en more prosperous tfiaa to sor period ci tbe tutory of the cbnrch. Ibe , In ananaiag of the paatoral work, t>*ar tratimoavto the aj>;rtiua!i'.y at J devoudness of the ministry. Ine astAl value of the ohcrah property ta 1S59 a eoUmated at ever twenty one million dollars, bring a gam of overto tbe revolutlonlato. Y ou may depend upon it, aa I mid in my last letter, the Spantoh government will only be too glad to pot an end to all of its enemies that tall into Us power. In my last letter I wrote of sunshine. Sowers and birds; aa I now write a heavy fall of snow is taking place. Tbe bo? costume of her Majesty will not take place until the 30sb.The following are the remarks of Hon Joseph A. Wright at a meeting of the Berlin Geograph cal Society, April 14, 1860, on presenting specimens of Indian corn; —These are specimens of "Indian corn," the production of and indeginous to the I'cited States of A nerica Tba plant, called "mats*," or Indian corn, is named by tbe-celebrated Lintaus '7.ea Maya"—the generic term be- ing derived trom the Greek "zao," to live, and in the Gaelic language t h e word maize signifies "food.''Oftr S p e c i a l L o n d o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . LosDOji, april 21, 1&60.•very lightly upon the aahject or chaaglxg the rale onittvrry an : refer to .their views expressed a* the laat and it may, even lathe midst of bright skies, bant at any Qufertace, which bnvs net been changed. Upon tho moment.brine la oharmfog, and te looked upon by the Parisians as belonging to t'tie dry, as she ras passed almost the whole of her seventeen years here. Fabulous accounts are given ef the txmmnu. We bear H nimnred that toejestly be said to be derived trom the verbcoo, (to live), s s it contains, In comparison, more notri-c ooe qualities, and c a n b e produced cheaper than anyother material from wblch bread Is made. Tne scientificagricultural world bas not yet been able to find so cheap Sayers—The light to be Renewed—The, Marquis of Staf an article for oread, "the staff of life" for man, aaonbject o! lay oalsgsaac the Bahopa are of the opinion Oattoy detegattoa mtjtt be Introduced Into the General Csotereace with inflCf, aad parhnpa advantage, from heiag-xaarparatehonsa.Nothing could more forcibly prove how truly the citi- bride's eldvr sister, Mwe Hutton, la to marry Conn* de about V6 per cent 01 nuiricious matter, and tomen Witness the Fight—Sayers Vuits the Royal Bat change—He Receives Homage /rem the ''Bulls" a»d "Bean." dc , etc Itwouldbavebetnscarcelycreditedtwoweekssincethat the combat between Hesnan and Sayres would sobefore ibe tational pressure, aad, for tbe first time to ibelr llves, interested tUeoiSeives In the Issue of a fight for tbe championship. So great indeed h u been the excitement and rntereat created, that we are fain to believe tne pic hiresohappilydrawnbytheTimetofanarchbtohopand a chier justice to close confab aa to tbe pro'oable issue of tbe contest was scarcely overdrawn.poleonthantbelarge•veteforannexationInthedistrict Signed by Bahopa Morris, Janes, Scott, Johnson, Baker; of Nice—24,441 against 160. Allow me to assure youaad Isabella Seeunda sleeps lean tranquilly than before. Thus all the allies of Pins IX. have had their special trouEngland, might have at present The conclusion hear to this country, it may be interesting to mention that It rives at is that tbe political events of the last thirty yean waa a long time before tbe German peasantry could be•vest mny b-%graciously SAnottOoajto all who are Affected coalition of the Continental Powers against that State. H e ay L MOje the adjoarAment of sna Genoral Conference cure than it was. His subjects are becoming so utterly says that the principle of Divine right—the basis of thehave any thing to do with it. In Pomeranu especially, th» great King (w bo waa also a great despot) had to lay a heavy fine On such peasant* as did not raise a certain quantityby one or its enterpraing owners. clude cur notice cf ibis unexampled txc umect in tne pugilistic world.THE KEENAN AND SAYEES FIGHT. Km Sayers was received today by the stock- brokers, at the Hoyal Exchange. He arrived mereof 1856, eJevenof toe members of that body have died. irreligious that no doubt S t Peter's successor will com- Bory Alliance—is daily losing ground, and that FranoeThe nmheps tctok h, de«»ibie tbAt the annual Conferences mand for himself a Noahs ark, and then intercede for would have the populations for iter tf their princes should or potatoes; And having sent a detachment or soldiers toahsaat ha i tasmhied 8romma>uplyiDg collegss and univsraktoa beyond lae real decooad tor them, aad above theirability to giTe laciu ch*r*cter sad effecUvenssa. TbeBahopa express tte^r sAUafacton at tho program madeto the SunJay Sobo^l OeoArttneav In the Istt fe * years upon them tbe very reverse*. Thus we find the Papal On advance baa been at achooto 1,3U0, inthink of leaguing together.The principal characteristic of the pamphlet is ito eggreeeive tone against England.A m i 19,1860.1 have just beard that Ortega has been shot Thusenforce ibis decree, several bloody encounters ensued, which are still remembered by tbe name ef the Potato war. At present, with the exception of the Irish, tn? Germane are the moat potato loving people in Europe, and in many rural districts it constitutes the chief article ofa special deluge that m ty rid htm of the unbelieving scofiers that laugh at hia thunders and have the bad taste to continue well and prosperous after ho haa called downTbeLatest tateHlgeeue—Condition neo—Tbe Ftftat In Parliamento ft b eat one o'cloci P M Tbe scene was quite exd'tog. B< sides the portly and dignified moneyed men, wbo bid assembled to do honor to the representative of muscle, there was sn immense crowd or the imperial mass who shouted till their lucga were hoarse S*yers, upon his arrival, was presented with £100 by the etookerokerc of Loudon, and £70 wat received ir in tbe Lverpool Stock Exchange.I do not mean that the Sicilians may not continue to re- bel against Francis II., or that the Hungarians will not rtoe against Francis Joseph; these are matters that do not concern Europe to genoral; I mean that, from present ap7he Late Figst for tht Cft(smpi(m%hip—the ftavs un the"JfiH"—Hcenan Denirs (hat Be or His Friends Dairtdthe Fight to Slop—Meeting of the Backers and Seconds oftht Combatants—Sayers Present, and Looks "Daggers- at THE COMBATANTS THE DA Y A HER THEthrt-t million dolinra In two years. The Bishops hope that pearaDces, the struggle that was to begin in Central Italy,tbe Conference will strive In tbelr acUoa to correct cer- and that would have inevitably drawn into its vortex all world. Among these rank that ot aa Amencaa lady, toia triors that have crept halo the church on th- MaaadetoButton, to the Marquis de Fortes. Several oectriM of CbristlAO perfection and Infant regeneration. Europe, a now deferred— for how long none can tell—for ceremonies bad to take place ere this knot could b e anus- The bahnps deprectta the MffottaCng of appointments in ai I have repeatedly assured you, the war cloud to factortiy tied. There was a Protestant and a Catholic•advaace by ^horctea aad aiajitera. The Babops t>uch charged with Us henvj load ef tyranny aad oppression marriage and signing of contracts before these. TheFIGHT,[from tbe Sporting Life, April 2 ]Thte great fntertational encounter, wn'.oh was so fully and graphically detailed In our impretttoo of Wednesday, bas axotatd a variety of passions and prejudices! People wbo were wont to treat such subjects with ind.fference, and others w n o affected a centemptuousnest of speecnzens aesi e to become the subjects of the Emperor Na-Moik.ron of the Danish Ambassador at the court. Deci- dedlyEuropeistaxingfromusourbellesApril 20,1S60.corn 77 p e r cent, Thus, when wheat Is worth 98centoabushel, corn should command77 cents. At Benin when wheat le worth three Prussian thalers aItoaaitnr aa Governor of Hungary » a conotssion made moot, sbail have been sanctioned and ratified by univer- by-rraacaJosephtothopeopleofthatkingdom. Intoa salsuffrageoftheinhabitantsandbythevoteoftheSar- aaorror. From undoubted-sources I learn that the noati dinian Parliament, Franoe will take possession of those pro-vinces. Immediately afterwards she will consent ta toe aa- nation la most dtouatetai to tho Hungarians, who look sembltng of a Conference for tbe porptoe of receiving com- tXmeajaanto streat-Naa. 83,«S. 98, 100, AOaflOO, upon 4fenedtk aot aa * ijjiPO—**". hot aa aa Austria munications of tbe treaty concluded on the 21th March last Midler, cartof for her lam saw and not thetrs between Napotoon HI. and King Vtctnr Emanuel. France King Victor Emanuel sneann determined that order will likewise be willing that the said Csnfsrenee shall ex- sna pioapartry snail reign to his newkingdom, and h u amine the following quaetion.—In what manner are tbe?ente?notntot toha contour beyond a slight c u t o n LondonTimes,whichwsspublishedonFridaymorning— Kf^iSThi aid astatttorstark onther<htadoHeenan, in answer to your report of this morning, that a hearty breakfast, and early » *ee a/teraoon, to neither be nor sny person authorized tsast for him, re Tormity with toe decieioo of the referee at toe quested the referee, at tbe late encounter between Sayer* n S o n ^ i r .he nght, duly attended at theand himself, to atop t h e fight when the ring was broken of that oflictol. t * h a w a y , whenever a glimpseInto. On the contrary, he and hto rriends, nearly all of caught of tbe brave feltow, eyes p * farther ado "hto whom were grouped to a little handful at his corner, re- eorser" to the cab, and cat rang oat from^B^amaBaaj« w a n ffwnrewosjPw* wforcorstreet-No.190. Bleacher street—No. 103?TO T B S Kl'lTOK OV T B I LOXDOOf T1MX3.Sot—I am desired to stale on the part of Mr. John C. a little -attmsb," was asTresh as a _dtosy^He 1Jajiena suaat—Xos. 187,188, lag an i 17a. Baanmgaarsaa-^Noo. 2 , ^ t a a u1areaJO- Noe 128and 181. j e^a^asanto'^'r^'^aanw esani snenpaa osaVeItrast-JCos 32,84,86, 40,88 and 308. .laeaa. Urn. t l j . , 08,00,04 aad aa.Majesty ta even now visiting One newly annexed Duchies, righto of Franoe—irrevocably acquired through the oes sll the dimcr.it.iea may be obriatod, and theailisirdidese.s. Jim Parahn'as, at aahnaa corner of Newcastle street, was literally besteged by peraoaa eager to catch a glimpse of the cbamptca, and to auch a height had the exensenetn risen that he bed to be tanked right andteft by ihe pauce in stepping from the door to the cab, to pro- tect him from the admiring crowd. When they did get a vicwof bim, with tbe noted "aaattoneer ttod on to aby Fto Fair-BjjjnttBnsw enearasaant. an repreaented b y Auatrto an the slow, very stow, to makeradicalehanfee,7 »witn the avowed purpose of aecertainmg personally the •ton or Savoy and Ntoe by the King of Sardidia-to beprejudices removed which prevent ito coming into general use. Doubtieer. the shipment ef the corn in the ear, and grinding it when It la to be oned, would presentneatcdv protested against the invasion of the ropes, anas i rwoaty^aiAihaseet—Noa. 380, f3«, 282,3V| i »«MW.fU,all,288,284,288aad30*. Mooadtodwiththeguaranteedstipulatedbythetres'Jee• J-e-d* tihKa.tt tihie. tfiogih.t s»ho.,nuMld not be iInterrupted in OjaajOabontaawenao—Qaraar of rhirUstk auoct.• a s n Aavoua—Xia. 100,384. 349,.8384 aa<d 380. S*i tajtyaacoad atceet—Sa 308. Bansb»sOatt-Sos,3^A, 8, 6.7. 8, 9aad 10. Vast raaoiyoahihaifoot-Noa. 104.181wants of his new subjects. to favor of Switzerland?-it being well understood thatNee and Savoy have become French to all interna tbe Conference shall leave tbe treaty of the 2oth of Marcb it in as pore and natural state. Great improvements,. of tbia Hfenan breasted c a way toree times *vugh the crowd of persons who poored toto ">ej-eaaXoa 104,181 aad 163Onr B e r l l m t o r r t . p o n d t n r e . Bonus,AprilIS,1&60.1hav*ittoconstant see,aadItteperfectlyaweet. P/.IIIMn>ki*»vmoreover,thathereeiaaaretow-,made an attempt to defend the pMtoedlnga of the D.et, part ofito mariCme intercourse lawithFranca. Far, andtopersuadetheirhearersthatttwasbetternottoagi-rick the Great, in totroductog the potato, and 1 am aura it will aot meet with so many obstacles.1KTEBESTUG FB0H JAPANOmr H a k o d a d l Correspondence- HAKCOAIH, Japan, Jai. 28,1860.therefore, from auntriag injury by the annenHon, thoinhabitants of the county of Ntoe were certain, In a very•bait time, to find the price of nearly all their dejecta ofeostompuon caosiderabiy towered: to obtain a widtf•cope far the Industrial saeig ea ef the inhAbttanto, and a listened to with marked disfavor. It was justly arguedmoito, aad Cabrera. On the other hand, Count do Monte tion and consolidate Be influence. But I am very mushafraid they will be fonnd wanting at the eleventh hour, and that tbelr timidity will ruin a cause which, by the ex- ertion of a moderate share of resolution, might easily beall parte of the United Kingdom eontatatog remlSaacea o f established; bat now there are five different bouses In an immense amount tor a ssatsaantol te Sayan.lcrunt, or into Frenoh gold under 2 , per cent At thei Dove it t# almost impstsible togetcnange for the notet •< all ic Tact, cue cannot wonder at this, when the tflk.al report <f the Pontifical Bank shoved during laei week, a circulation of 2,604,925 a-sudi. againe* only $.62,491 scudi of bullion in toe coffers of the bank. Evei y means of raising the wind is resort ed 10 bv the Papal government. Overdue '.axes are can celled by the pay meat of twenty five per cent, m cash, of ite luu amonni AS a means of raising a very small breese. all foreign artists are to be taxsd. Tula will, of course, drive from Rome all the poorer artists His Holi ores In the miaet of these many troubles, received withooe of wbf?h was exposed tome time ago in the Hermann,ollice. Being left at large, however, be took though formerly high prices were demanded.busily engsged sketching—one band hoWing hto boost and tbe other bis pencil—the thieves quietly and dexte riusly went te work and cleaned every pocket, from bisa0U:r a , that be cedes to die Pope three years of bis in-minor t oimportance avoid t b eand by the cn«t of ihe month the troops will leave thehave been ordered away from Borne long ere this had not tbe Emperor Napotoon have determined that to the last BISconduct towards Pine TX should be generous aad conciliating. Bather commendatory the, in fa-e of the es oonrmunlca'ton.appointedMarehalBenedekGovernorofthatkinglon,inupontbepopularparky,fromwhomtheproposaltodo throughanInterpreter,in»hichheexpressedthefollow menthetoincondition Besty*theblowswhich Bemanhonor to tbe liberal poet ef Germany had emanated. tog language.—"In all my intercourse with his Excellen. levtll<4 at him were terrific, and Oust once token his *'conds The fall o> M Xedltta would be a heavy blow and great cy Mr I>ice, I have lonnd bim courteous and gentlemanly. lifted ktmjrtm Ike round he could not see the ring or any discouragement to the JCretu Zidung faction. Itdeed, throughout the empire the rfipresintatives of tbeTo morrow an intertsting solemnity will come oil at American government are found to be energetic and cour- thing nbcut htm.Witiemberg, In commemoration of I'mlip Melancthon, teous: but 1 can personally testify to tiie worth of our Many of the friends of both parties suggest that Sayersthe great retormerand besom trteed of Luther, who died kind host of to-night This is the first assembly of this shall present the belt to Heenan out of respect to bim astotheeharch,andinallhisassstoJ oonewoatsn withtho andhtotroopsarebusiedwithhiaownsubjects,Insteadogreat entorprtoea of religkm, he manifested tho sternest those of Plan IX. At Palermo aad Messina the Insurgents Coalition,' baa been exciting the attention of speculators Germany aa a sort of protest against ultmmontantom, for eff with considerable eclat I never saw a more nappy The number of persons of rank who were at the figfarity. SooneeverSAWhimshrinkfromretponaibUUy have struggled long and manfully against the King's and haunters. Manypersons,sadespecially theEnglish, eenwtotioan of what w a s right were etonr. have attributed the antt Ragltofa work to the inspiration ofwhich reason it waa forbidden in the Grand Duchy of Baden, although a Protestant country, by tho late Concor- dat ministry, but haa now been allowed by tbelr succes-company assembled on any occasion. The night was in-tensely cold, bat a genial warmth within doors, engendered was unexampled in a scene of that ktol. Tbe eaitor ofby good feeling and excellent wines, caused all to forget Bell's Lift waa surrounded by these distinguished nobte that old winter reigned without. The eastern horizonFortomedayspastapamphlet,under thetitleof"LaThe usual patriotic toasts were drunk. The ball passedSeveral marriages have taken place In our fashionable This plant is properly called "food," and mayIke Americans—The Railway Receipts on the PugiliUic Eneursion Amount to ilO.CCO—Heenan JSeatiaes$1,600 asBisProRata—APropositiontoRenewtheFight— Subterfuges of Bayers' Friends—Frank Qmfesstan ofbushel, corn, as an emote ef food, should beand Aac«s. i that no direct negotiations have taken place between The Frenoh government baa just issued through M. de valued at two thalers and a third, ana in entirely engross pnblic attmtion as it does to-day. The Even pious quid wanes aad stolid editors, wbo were•TUSatofOanfarenceswanthencalledforthopresenti Jjaaof petitions, appeal* sea atenaortoln. Eight; two pe-rI, •tens were presented in lavor of janglng tae ruin of dncr!xf on atovery.aootltooj oT ttoo Podtce rnmiralsalwatersTho C o o r d e f O w n a a i e a i o a e r s o f P o l i a a m o t a g a i n y e a - ' ,t«TdAy.b*ttraaaectedb«Ltttobuameao. Jamea Adams, Emanuel. L'Abbe Stosoo, the chief editor of the j>ur- bal been signed and ratified, that France and AustriaJ. Maanji wit A, CUnoby *ore AppoinMkl oembora of the -*«t»,aa4taeteltowiag report received from taw Sani 4ary fatoe,efter which they adjourned:—JlSEEiSlllSF?* » * * * w r » l Jat af places, a s Cherry street—See 67, 88. 08, 89, 22 24 26 68 06jml in question, waa condemned by the tribunal to a fine and three montha imprisonment for an offence so grave. I. have juot ascertained that tho Emperor Napotoon haa lomitted both tho fine aad the aaprteonment to the Abbe.You will b e led, n e doubt, to suppose from the tose ofjointly addressed an invitation to the Powera who signed the treaties of Vienna to assemble in a conference, in or- der to make knawn to them the territorial arrangements which bad resulted from tbe cession of Lombardy to Piedmont, which cession w s a freely consented t o b y Austria. No powers having then objected, France will now follow the same course. When, therefore, tbeI am aware that a series of experiments were made some years since to 1'russia, with a view to test ite value s s s a article of food. No one waa surprised at its failure who was acquainted with the facts. In tbe tiret place the meal was roared, and, consequently, not in i u normal condition. Secondly, the attempt to regrlnd the meal, and make it aa Sne as the flour of wheat and rye, destroyed ito spirit and natural sweetness. Thirdly, those having it in charge were unacquainted with the method of preparing it for food. It is true a counsellor and physician to tne National Prison, in making seen*experiments, did express tbe very sensibleopinionthatitwaswholesome,andrecommended Its ute in the prison; bat tbe opinions he advanced that tt should be given ta those only who were employed ia the open air, in consequence of the solidity of the bread, was new to those who are in the habit of ostag it By the adoption of means for the safe shipment of trie corn- meal, and by preparing it to a manner acceptable to the taate ef the paaple for whom tt la designed,bave had an unexampled sale in consequence of the re- ports which they contain in reference to thia subject Tbe feeling of animosity between the two men and their adherents to greater than ever. The Americana demand ed the belt, and were backed by many Englishmen here,FranceandSwitzerlandonthequestionoftheaeutrn lized districts of Savoy. The negotinuons are only between the Powers who signed the treaties of YiennaToouveael,thefollowingimportantnoteonthecessionof Savoy and Nice —The foreign Minister informs the repre sentatlves of the Powers who signed the nnal act of Vienna, of the nature of the reception France will give to thecircularnoteoftheSwanFederalCouncilefthe6th of April, respecting tbe convocation of a European Con- g r e s s . I t w a s n o t u n t i l t h e K i n g o f S a r d i n i a h a d f o r m s , i yitusviewthenutritious qualitiesalonearetakeninto account The large amount of innutritious matter incorn, constituting about twenty three per cent, to desi-rable, aot on'y to satisfy tbe appetite, but to promotedigestion bythestimulus ofdistensionwhich bulkalone can supply; sad in this it is moat manifestexcitementseemstobeontheincrease.TheLondontimes devotee its columns to the controversy, and both religious as well as tbe more worldly papers entertain tbelr readers withtheiropinionsproandcon. lastnigbtthesubject was again alluded to to the House of Commons, and ledusuallysuchfollowersofGattlto,andwbo-caredfor ntoe of these things," were suddenly overtaken by tne s-jocg tide of the national sympathy, and readily opened their oehanas for a description of an evt nt which had en grossedaomuchattentionthroughoutthewholeofthe British dominions and tbe United States of America, if not t b e w h o l e w o r l d .We left our heroes iu tbe hands of their respective backers and seconds; and, in following them to town and noting the farther progress e f events, w e will begin with the gallant English champion. Tom day era returned to London, accompanied by hto backers, Mr. J Gideon and Mr. Farmer Bennett, a n d proceeded a t once to t h ewhere b e stayed during Gordon Hotel, Oovent Garden, where toThereaderwillremember,nodoubt,thattheParisjour-s a l L ' A m t a s t o RgJOmea w a a p r o s e c u t e d b y t h e g o v e r nmeat for pubbahtog a fatoe. totter attributed to King Viator taken possesalon or Lombardy, and the treaUeaof Zuricht h a t t h e c o m p a r a t i v e v a l u e o f c o r n i s g r e a t e r t h a n t h eanalyses or Sir Humphrey Davy would indicate. to an excited and angry discussion. The sporting papersjEnTia.»ni78'"•»wx-di' **.'lft Sino":S; she press to genoral, that the nomination of MArahal cession of Savoy and Ntoe, freely consented to by Piedfor the night Koteiihstaaateg °?_*f* Laad purposes, aad General Gar.baldi will find it ahard amstor 40 looaactto she sstosdansaa vote of thopeople of Nine for saeavsttsa to Franco with hto aa-eeruoa made in-the Sardinian Farihvaan: that these verypeoplewase.aveowtotheanaawtton. Theonlyperaoaathai were inany way opposed wens tho hotel and iodgagbousekoepare,sad theywere ialluonced, aaIknow TV asetotoa Question—Political Crisis—Putlic Meting— ASthegreatonjectacheapbread,Itmaybesafelystated from a namon just returned front Kice.by toe prothough nearly two years have elapsed since Its shipment jjatUsssto thePrussian Ministry—ATotrfc Poll* Dine that the estimate in the experiments referred to to Berlin,finataTwa^^ "^•vernal1 'sfTZtoo.badaeaae dttuaayte * — cabby, »to* BafSBtoi Expose—Commemoration of Mflancihon— in which the oornnwal to pet down aa coning 2»„ gro thane per pound, is far too high. It can be furaabedt nJto enan.ft t h f edltoTof Tf% Ufe, that Bayers and t i ^ u h l ^ a hahrSeoe, be begsto say that white heroan showed a t Owen BwnVa andOsargs Brycr's. A t latter bouse he went stisigh! tote the roartor, wherein reply, that the independence of Oerntany couldonly tie preserved by Interesting the nation in its Ptrt o/Jssasaeds and Ut Qmmsrc^-TS* Snglisk imrits maintenance—that at they had no rights to defend at borne, they would hove no motive to resist aggression from abroad, and that B waa Internal mlagovernment tba really paved the way far foreign conquest roe ad dress waa finally agreed to almost unanimously, and it waa re- solved to invito the citizens of Berlin to append then* signaturestoit,afterwhichitwillbepresentedtotheMinistry b y a committee o f the National Union manifestations a r e preparing in other cities ofwhich will b e supported b y a declarationSecond Chamber, and if M. de Schtotoitz and hto colleagues only move themselves t o some degree o energy, the Diet will find itself powerless against the gene- ral voice, and tba government will be enabled to gain a powerful victory that will immensely increase ito reputa-veyingthe Barbor—Winter Amsmmtnt-Ball Gfcantyfltt American Consul QaaatnanwaMrf sshssavQnoyastdstoan- nor of Ike City—Tic Pint American Hotel in Jspan, etc Four months ago 1 dstorm toed, after a life of mx yearsinoil Neptune's service,to tot go myanchors in tba beautiful little harbor, or, to other words, to settle on shoreandrantherisksattendantnponsohazardousan undertaking. ITiave been " bobbin' around" since my ar- rival, and have gathered a few items which may b s tote resting to at least a portion of your numerous readersJ have been told that tip to the present winter Hakodadi a very dull plate to the tew Americans and Karo- who were here. True, many whale ships bave visited tbe port previous to this year, bat until within tbe last six months there waa but A single exporting booseany errora.l stay haretorperuealintoAXs, bte>AUMLTHI Borxx, London, April 19.t will pout eat,Taffair o fin ordercreated by ib» revelations which the accused wouldbave it in bis power to make it he was driven toextremity. Stieber knowt too many secrets, people s a y ,for any severe punahment to be inflicted on him; theworst that can happen to him Is simple dismissal from theservice. A great crony of hto, the District AttorneyNorner, has been removed from office lately, and is sup-posed to be implicated, and it is whispered thst the Police1'resident. Baron ZeaWto himself, will think tt advisable a young Englishmat, a resident.' Therepresentationwaathere on the 19ta of April. isOO, just three hundred year kind that I ever had the honor to participate in ago. It will consist or religious exercises, the perform It b a s given m i much real pleasure I shall always anee of a cantata composed r»r the occasion, selections recollect It with gratitude, and I trust that in somea brave man, and for hto pluck to coming across tbe A* lantic, and that afterwards Heenan aball give tt backIndian corn, or main. Tbe analyses of Sir Humphrey Davy, winch may be relied upon as accurate in the average, assign to wheat, tbe great staple for bread,fori, Duke ef Beaufort and other L^stsnguisked Noble- when toch things were discussed, yielded aa it werelook at tbia question in its moot comprehensive and phtiaa Ihropta aspect We proper* to exchange with yon millions of buabela of corn ana meal ananaOvfor taTvarkkwrcafflr moditiriwhichjonhavetorexaoitaUon. Webavelhe great corn fields of the world. Our cuaaato aed \uil arettey acquit the upright aad gallant Bayers aad hto senate- date hackers from any rarnotpattca to the latent toter- iur.tion of the context, wan to declare the otosrnnw c f lieenaa'a npporten fromanyenntpHcttywishthatas*, rage; and te thtt connection desire nes to say that whm «toofto trust the Japanese charts of these waters—they arerather incorrect; but the Englah are busily engaged insurvey at tills time, and our commodore will aoubtleeeobtain good charts from them in a few months. Tbe total amount of tickets sold proved to be sewn hundred foreign resident! at present here number aboat thirty-solve—perhaps the squadron doesconmander not likeupon pretty freely to the Chamber of Deputies, sad place a few nights ago—that given by our Consul,Mr. the ring. They were, however, compelled to acquiesce a rosptoioa expressed that the disturbances which Rtoe-, five different nations were represented oy their Mr. Bayers took but little part lb the daowaton. None took place on that occasion were brought on by bis consuls or naval officers The Governor of tne city also can doubt hto bravery or hto willingness to tight the moAccounts received from Hungary represent the situationof tnat country in a most unfavorable hgbt Despite thewishesoftheHungArians.theEmperorofAustriahaa og-n,<prrvvcateuTslorthepurposeofthrowinganolium attended,andinthecourseoftheeveningmadeaspeech,way 1 may be able to return at least a part or the kindness extended to me this night by his Excellency, our host,and tiie kind lottos and gentlemen present I thank each has been accused of want of courage, and hi does notit and all of you, and will now propose the health 0' ea;n of tend u> go back without the belt he came for.tbe consuls here present, (Amerioan, English aad Ratston,) a s representatives of three great and gool nations, <with whom Japan wishes to cultivate Intercourse."believeHeennndil notreceivefal? play.Mr.the remainder of too day, and atoo took op hie quarters r f t t naturewhoWilkes, of New York, on behalf of Mr. Heenvn and the of the ordeal he had P ^ * TM £ l A t f _£? Americans here, addressed the following letter to tbe amonnt of Dunahment he matt have received, be prehowever, bave been made to preparing the meal for ex-portation since the experiments wore made to Berlin. Itmay^new be shipped to any climate, and kept tor yearsafter its preparation, by the present system ot kiln drying riotend did net do soanul ^ f ^ J f f i ^ ^ K slag, tnanantsabted aenUsnas clontered reead the oafc,become annexed, the Raglan people 'would no longeretay there, nor wouldothers ever again visit the pis*.Mow, at Nine,as elsewhere, the aotal keepers are pa- fTiajeapfii «l Society—Frtdtruk (he Great and Potty use, canting five greeheno, may be replaced by e snpO- awWaaiki heaorable adversary, he will bave none other entotheniarjitmtic inasmuch as yon do not interfere with their enji- acac;sothey,aaOsdaadahaHail If ItafcaasanlEnguib, tost,ale. SflssVaV? <JrSejQa9enwn4e'*4^esVSnunS sVnfAsn^snt. saaanwaaTBaBnMnwB Tnasto Osfnwswl B A e s T -~*~*" """Minimal far ssyilislkni inui'ss that the ciCrwr article of corn bread, more healthy and nntritioasto t h a n ^ e n a h T n a w i O ^ antes teeat^nd whhh he fore he bad" aa bewilder itsvsrietieeandcombinations,for3K«Toabens. andyet honestlyfeeiehehasalreadywon. Hebelieves,hosever. meat,staredwildly at SayersaaddartedoffteCan da nc«anwna half that amount Ntos, aaaaaa tea »ly, itonaythedianreaeatothe forotgaor. Who'< juntry nan * • I«iwaa8alnwa e f Mr W h y . Franco, which lmpi.-t* late N:oe eoWet, sagar, raw aaddraaaad siins, tuaueo of co toe, wool, tii\ s a d heanp. Franco also sepphes Nice with awl.to a greater extent thsa esea NewcaatioHtne Inderal Wok, eaooheenaiooetool of tbaCahinet ofc n j r w l M I Vienna, •ucceed' «* *»*% o|»**»f *»• » * °» >and forcing the JaMiana lo acquiesce .n tba action of 1W£, the tiiumpb of the despotic over the liberal elefeevinced no psopts) move mere fcmTy'anTenergeiKiAay "and prestioetioeartefAmerican supporters "consent to the contest betog eon sidersjda drawn battle." They,on the contrary. lastot that tbe fight, il net decided to he already won byfi<eaac fbull be considered as still pendiBg, and subject te renew al at the earliest ptaeible day. Through a note from thePad far ^masJeaa Jftnuter sa awe—flit Remarks Beferm far much oneaper. Toe loaf of brown bread now to general wtfehaeiSn* a i k - X to a «Xto«tt«»Jnl tor hi. sound Tern Paddock on the settle tost aeieep. Oa FM the Hesnton question m aa afiair of vita] for fflermAny. It to the batUeCeld on whichafford 8 far profit to producer, importer and baker. IfcaaaiJwahtobeesaAorreach.aadthj,* apite of thehotel k^pers.tbey now are. Hto popclatloa of the aha content hataaaan tho prtaotptos af asaolntiato and con' cecsceanea or luxuries The Geimanic mtod » and due conclusion.On tbe part of away antortcana in London who hare called upon me, w e repudiate entirely the idea STnreassd flro twetty o.nejiaaoBsot traacs per annun, whole the ox one and Pi aaato en the other hand, to betog fought ont i< matt be said to your praise tnat, wnen once at the conclusion of your article, namely, that Heenan stntottons Of hto numeroot2^>*^*}J%-„Thefbrrtfk tmeorto atone pcotof Xtoa awaant to aooatMaAp^^,. Ili Btoe wur 8ona-jSsV-sh^TMrrt3alJ Nicea'avootainafromFrancoUiuet«teawes*tiWhmeatwillbec',im>«»»<*«>*P"*'»-*'rourdemandsofBe^!*y?eaV»oftoiownxzwj.faitt!anewart:ramc:.thiaweek(accordingtothe%^!i!h-5I7 * •f^S'tctrnj 8oovTM thasfxee 'we'ep frvict • ^ s j jrf «j>-••. cc*.rr ±9 BatcnaJ frcedoan ty 10**2 8>«»sfW-ll have '.utettiim- c,ti 6E0 partialiy0ff Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069J1 D O lf aU r' ^ ^ rVosVitsowe reaouroee, aeveOn the tame day, If anything wasbe^cllfVaiit agate, if required to do so, and, tf B be am aware af the prejudice against the totrodoctton or realrr amenable to conquest by a atrannsr, ha wSl n-otnew articles and parteeatorly those calculated to sappunt irate 3our there* un'il he brings hto late centeat to a sewwhere be had a draught of pale ale, and retoreed ately to the partor, when hto first,toil yaw,Bayers? Whyyoorseaecawawtbsh met he made of cast toaa" After reoarvteg then tbe rignt direction. Too knowalreTsifytog your samuito.and your noet » £ » £ • ¥ , £ that yon are Jettimited to solve the I / ^ * M the vaneempaay^^Vip^-nna^ i T * ^ ^".erluSe with wnteh h? wsa everyrnerepasted a^trSvTto T "eatm.. compensated htm for tfieaca-•iraSmtV hto task.Sa' tow lar a countla' towtaracountrycansucceed to « ^ » »»*!*/ referee, whrcb aowtte beforeme,I learn he basreUSTODglJrTm "be side of Sayers, to renew tioeoombat arter tnat outrage had taken pla.*, and who refnesl toJeave theMr. Heenan says that may be all very pretty, bu. b_ .t t s ^ ^ T u T Z S htosway throughthe Intheaadhurrahingwereofthemat www.fultonhistory.com 