 %*>•$ •*?"except the keeper,j'../'••Cavalry will be sent to Fort Lieavenworth, there to ,takechargeof176horsesfor2dCavalry, andproceed withthemoverlandtoTexas. The150horsesatthe same depot for the six Companies of the 1st Cavalry,nnchanged. ,BOSTON WEEKLY BANK STATEMENT..#\•#><LCURTIN O F PENNSYL V ANIA.Some time before the close of the meeting the Wide- Awakesof the Eleventh; Seventeenth and Fifteenth Wards, with the Conkling Artillery, left the hall, and forming in procession, marched to the residence of Mr. Conkling, in Tenth street, where they honored Mr. C . with a serenade.I n response to the loud cheers from the assemblage, Mr. Conkling appeared upon the balcony and made a- ferief but happy and pertinent speech, in the course ofwhich'he awarded to the Wide-Awakes of the country •fibepostof honor, fortheinteresttheyhadtakenin this great campaign, a n d their endeavors to replace venality with honesty, and to secure the election ofsuch representatives a s would place o n a footing i n this grand Republic, Freedom of Person, Freedom of Speech, and Freedom of the Prees.Inconcluding,Mr.Conklingsaid: "Wide-Awakes of New-York, I desire to present to you a gentleman who has been closely identified with t w o great cam- paigns, and who is now paying me a brief visit. Like a tired soldier, he is worn down, and desires to be ex-cusedfromaddressingyouonthisoccasion. Iintro- duce t o you, gentlemen, CoL Curtin, t h e Governor elect o f Pennsylvania!" Amid enthusiastic cheers,that rent the very air, CoL Curtin appeared upon the balcony, and bowed his acknowledgements of the com- pliment thus tendered.Harlem on Monday evening.—We are requested by the Italian Republicans, whose club has its headquarters at No. 722 Broadway,the Marine and Police Courts. Mr. Bogardus rose ina passion, and threatened to break up the Convention" was superior to them in many of its pajsages. Of if he w as again thus insulted.' Recriminations fol- Formes, nothing need be said, but that he was himself.lowed—making a perfect uproar f>r half an hour; He is never upon the stage for five minutes withoutSecond Lieutenant Charles W. Phifer, Second Cavalry. Second Lieutenant Abraham K. Arnold, Second Cavalry- Brevet Second Lieutenant John J . Sweet, Second Cavalry. Captain Bennett H. Hill, First Artillery.Firtt Lieutenant Lewi* H. Morris, First Artillery,Second Lieutenant Biehard H. Jackson, First Artillery. Captain Henry B. Judd, Third Artillery.First Lieutenant William A . Winder, Third Artillery.Second Lieulensnt William Sinclair, Third Artillery. BrevetLieutenantColonelDanielT.Chandler, Captain ThirdBlock, C Gerard, Mr. Weebning, Mr. Paddford, Mrs. Beaamont, Rev. J. M«Tk. R*v A Andohielesch. Mrs. S. Kerchon, Mr. Brlot andfimiiy. Mr. Rlnge and family. D S. Stocking, Mrs. Smolin*. Va. A. Amoret, F . E . Gar»tt A . Mary, A . Roscere, J . O. Snrftkj M16S E . Wpptiymbfl, Mrs. George Bulpin, Mrs. Turner, Ife, Beauguil'nt Miss Davidson. Mr. Bradley and lady, Mrs. Scbtna and companion, and 307 iu third class.MARINE JOURNAL.mora e nT«tJ JtuPOSTP • h k h «ft........" We are Warmed by Wood;" whether this warmingwasdonebyproxyj-in theshapeof"old ry9>"wasnot intimated by words, but was well enough conveyed' at times is almost grotesque. His air, "PiuBianca,"in the first act, was exquisitely sung, and .sOme chest (Tuesday), at the junction of Thirty-fourth street and pected to speak, was a banner inscribed, " We Sup- tones, in the fourth act were superb. Of Miss Heron,assistance., • .-days experienced a succession of severe gales from S . W . and N . W;: Oct. 27. put into Halifax for coal; left 28th, and arrived a t New-Yc-k 30th. ,'•:•.'Steamship Star of the West; Brown, New-Orleans O c t 38," and Havana26»b.mdse.andpass, to M.O.Roberts.Steamship Alabama. Schenck, Savannah, mdse. and pass, to S. L. Mitchill & Son. .Steamship Roanoke, Conch, Richmond, kc, mdae. and pass, to Ludlam & Heircken.Steamship Columbia,Berry,Charleston,mdse.andpas*,to Spofford, Tileston &. Co.Ship * istula (of Boston), Bursl*y San Francisco July 12,hidea andwoolt0S.GBeed&Cp.Was26d*ystotheEquatoria th« Puciflc. 60 davs to Cape Horn, and 85 days to the Eau*tor Lot the Atlantic;modelateweatherm^stofthepassage;Bgntsouth- erlywindsfromtbeEquator;noN.E.trsdes. Sept27.lat24 10 S., Ion. 32 40 W., spoke B r ship Rob Riy, from London foe Melbourne; Oct 1. lat. 12 30 3., Ion 34 45 W., signaled ship Or- pheus(Wm.F.Wed&Co.'sBtgnal);23d,lat.2919,too.6550. signaled a berm brig, bound S., showing white flag wit letter 0> i n t h e c e n t e r .Ship Courier. Olmstead, Bio Janeir-> Sept 21, coffee to Aymar &. Cr. Sept. 30, Mr. John Cook, 2d oflicer, of Brooklyn, died. Oct 28.lat3614 Ion7428.spoke brigRainbow,fromManzan-9m-joration of the fifth year of its existence given in theCity Assembly Rooms last evening. The simple act of pleasant than expressions of blame; but repeatedlyw*opinion inregardtothis doctrine. Next,the speaker aid toasts drank, and thegreatest enthusiasm pre- quickenedbytheglowofbeauty, thelightofwit andThe house on Monday night w a s crowded to the ceil- ing; the people were mostly Germans, and the free- list agreeably email. I t is probable that a week or two of such marked pecuniary success a s h a s smiled on the Fabbri-Formes reign will have a wholesome effect en the manner in which other operas are to be pro-day. Oct, 81, at No. 104 Lexington avenue. family are respectfully invited to attend.The. friends of the..PARADE ^OF T H E WIDE-AWAKES.3ZRXNi.DE T O M R . CONKLING—RECEPTION O F G O V . his speech a t th e Wakeman Ratification meeting inauthority to Mr. Bogsrdus, a delegate from the NinthWard,whohad,ashesaid,anextensivepracticein performance,butonewhich,fallingbehinds)me FirstLieutenantK«nnerGerrard,SecondCalvary..Wtl' S«l LVtrrtz.FKMa.J.Sanborn,V.Accrano,J.Murphy,P«5 ilaetr*»y8NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1860.Continued from Fifth Pa«©.against the eastern wall, feeing tbie ircat. Noll^e orches- finest exhibition of billiards ever made in this country. t r a f u r n i s h e d c h a r m i n g m u s i c . B e f o r e t h e p h y s i c a l M . B e r g e r h a s p r e s e n t e d o n e o f b i s o w n c u e s a e a g i f t feast Mr. BeD^amin Nathan called order, and the heads to the second-b*et player..of the gentlemen were covered—generally with nap-market*... .Reported byA M U 5 T , O e t 3 0 — « i pj » . . m m . — F J » T T O d o J Q a a ^ L t e n d o n .ward. WAHAT lale&bli in small IoU n f0r 8i *1 25-®*1 W for B*d State; $ 1 50fo°r Wbtte-— *gw«rament wonld again become a confederacy ofJST. KeJey concluded with an animated appeal to the vesting to elect as Representative to Congress their •wttervatjv* and faithful candidate Frederick A . Conk-ling, and that by an emphatic majority..TnePtairie Songsters of Brooklyn then'entertainedtheandienoe^withacapitalcampaignsong,after which CHAUSCE* SHAFFER, esq., w as introduced. H e flwoght there was little use of MyalMng, for, said he,rifled, the chambers were despoiled, the furniture was broken, the pictures were torn from the walls. ' Only one thing was passed by, on that day, unharmed. I t was an old family portrait, which the rioters were restrained from touching because, in their haste, they mistookitforaportrait of"General Washington. To- njght, on the parlor wall of a mansion on the other siaeof the East River, hangs the same old portrait—Wtaerlfe: T H E clndin* l,80f» bu»h- N ^ w 8tate, afloat, at S I 26$.T h e ^ t y Wide-A wakes, under command o f Capt. Bunco, received and escorted to the meeting the Brook-a condition almost rivaling in the depth of mud thatrather bad; in point,of fact; very bad. The Saratogapaperspleasecopy.singular effect ^produced by the intervening BROWN—TAYLOR—On Thursday, Oct 25. at the residenceofthebride'sfather,inMentz.CayugaConnty,N.Y.,bythe . Rev Fitch Reed. S, N . Brown of JJryden, Tompkins County,toMissNancyM TaylorofMentz.toas s drank, a n d great enthusiasm prevailed. T h e twocompaniesafterleavingthefestiveboard,pro- c e e d e d t o T e n t h s t r e e t a n d s e r e n a d e d M r . C o n k l i n g , who in a few remarks returned his thanks for the com- pliment.MARSHAL RYNDERS AND THE SIAVE POWER.SrEECH O F THEODORE TILTON.Stuyvesant Institute w a s well filled last evening a t a regular meeting of the Young Men's Republican Union. T h e first speaker introduced to t h e audience was Mr Theodore Tilton of Tlte Independent, who was welcomed with a hearty burst of applause. M r. Tyton proceeded to notice the factions to which the gxeat Republican party stands opposed. The Bell party is a party for men, and not" principles, with no idea among them. He elearly exposed the. fallacy of M rmuch of the speeches. The meeting was brought rathersummarily to a close, by a man having a watch snatch-edfromhispocket. LudolphGermer,ofNo.73ordramaticpointofview. Thefiualeofthethirdact, L e o n a r d " W r e e t , w a s l i s t e n i n g t o a s p e e c h , w h e n h e f e l ta hand puebingup under his coat, which was buttonedup. He laid his hand on the back of a man,. who wasBtartingtorun,butthesupposedthiefslipped throughhie fingeis, when the cry of " Stop thief," was raised,Douglas'a style of Popular Sovereignty, showing how the Senator from Illinois had ever voted and acted again8tthetnwideaofPopularSovereignty. There seems never to have been a public man in this country whohastakenmorepainstowinthepopularfavor, andwhohasbeentosuccessfulinlosingit. Next comesthe Breckinridge party, the spirit.of whose plat- formis,thatSlavery has*.perfectright togointothe.. ANYBODYEXCEPTAREPUBLICAN.theresidenceofherauntNo.110Waverley'place. Thefnneralserviceswilltakeplaceatthehousetblsafternoon,BrigHenryC.Brooks.SherrillPonce,P.R.,Oct12,viaSalb Key, T.I,Oct. 19,salttoMiller&Houghton. HadstrongS- E. winds to 1st 50; on night Oct. 22, lat. 30. Ion. 72 10, had a s e -turned his attention to the Fusion, which he said was not only a motigrel union of tickets, but a union of mongrel tickets, as neither Bell and Everett nor Dong Jas and Johnson have any right to stand on the same ticket. - v •vailed. This Club has been efficiently a t work ever since it was organized, and has done good service in the Fifth Ward,-as the result will show next week. The united efl'orts of such gentlemen as Messrs.wine, and the excite nent of music, a3 if by an em- phasized contrast of all the dearest joys and luxuries of life with the Bhai p needs and bitter distresses which lie darkling bebiud th jm.. To swell the handsome sumHERRING—In Hoboken, on Monday. Oct 29, Wm. Iugold»by. son of William A . and Elizabeth' A. Herring, aged 1 year, 4 months and 2 days. -KNOWLES-In Flushing, Long Island, on Saturday. Oct. 27, John P . Knowles, formerly o f Rhode Island, aged 72 years ar.d 2 months.KELLY—In this city, on Monday morning, Oct 29 Rose; Kelly.MORRIS—In this city, suddenlyfam Sunday, Oct. 23,Patrick Morris, aged 32 years. »MUIRHEAD—In this city, o n Monday. Oct. 29, Anastasia L . Muirhead, aged 4 years, 9 months and 19 days. •PINCKNE7-On Monday. Oct. 29, 1860,Cornelia A., senond dau ghter of Thomas and Ann Maria Pinckney, aged 25 years and 11 days.The friends and relatives o f t h e family are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral on Wednesday. 31st., at 11 o'clock, from the' residence of her parents, No. 109 East Forty-ninth street, without further Invitation.P ALMER—In this city, on Monday, Oct 29, Stephen H. Palmer, in the 47tb year of bis age. 1 ',7 ' ;—•—,.C;4,^TTZ7~::;:?'• ; ; ^ ^ $ 5 ? ! * ^TM^5^-=^y"3ji^Ie n g a g e d t o - n i g h t T w e n t y - f i v e y e a r s a g o h i s h o u s e w a s etwee in-winch the rights of all would be respected. mobbed, the windows were broken, the parlors were•mom* after yon have lieard a clap of thfg ier what's the use a family heirloom—cherished because the face that efthekitten'smewing? The1 §£tasnowarrived looks out from.the old-faahioned gilt-frame is theinvited to meet and counsel together at No. 618 Broad- modeetly mentioned the honorable fact that of the to make up the deficiencies in the several regiments I.BY slightly easier: sales 4,000 bnsk;at64c. Winsx"whrn the people are called npotiSpfpbide whether or face of one of the "heroes of the American Revolu-way, on Thursday evening, Nov. I, at 8 o'clock.*mj, will i CAn^^r^^ •sa. a i l»ot they «hall elect whom they p l S P f s President of the United States, o r b e frightened ont of their votes by that inevitable cry of " dissolution of the Union. If I had my way about the Slavery question, I should say 40 the South, do anything you please with your slaves, «a\y don t send them among us at the North. W e do not know what to do with them a n y more than they do unless they have their freedom. T h e South had abeautiful pl«n for'converting nearly a l l b u r free terri- tory into Sl*ve Sutep, nLhbustetioft^Somh America, andannexingCnbi,toformaSlvveJEHgBgConfedera- cy, but now they have awakened to^M^se that it was but a dream. They have now utattlr resigned all Idea of such a thing, and made up their minds tothe election of Lincoln and Hamlin. T w o o r three little States down that w a y threaten to dissolve, the Onion, and threaten us with Louis Napoleon, and n u - merous other curse^&ut we have no fear of a n y such direful coneequeneMB We would like to know what theywilldotowarddissolvingtheUnion,withallthe rone of the country panged a t them, and the hemp oftion, one of the first martyrs to Liberty, who fellon the field of Lexington. The blood of thatold martyr—shed in the first sacrifice to Liberty-beats now again, after four generations, in the veins ofbis great grandson, the heroic boy William. Barney.[Great applause.] As in old fabulous times there werestories of pictures and statutes leaping out suddenlyfrom the stone and the canvas, once more into life, Ican almost fancy that that old soldier of Liberty; on themorning of that ontr»ge, starred uneasily in the old giltframe,asifhewouldstepdownagainintolifetore-buke the insolence^and violence inflicted on his ownblood and kindred by t h e cowardly hand o f the SlavePower ! What say you, fellow-citizens, shall that ruf-fian of a Marshal go unrebuked? Shall he not learnthat in plucking out that lock of hair whose roots werefed with the same blood that beat in the veins of the Awakes of this Ward held a crowded and spirited sentiment. The Rev. Mr. Isaacs of the Wooater-street G, at Camp ODBio Grande.....lJOO.Of0 b»u«sh. Corn, 10,00f«t botu»nb. Oa»«.. CASAI,'Flour, 113,000 busb. Wheat, 34,000 bush. C ^ n ^ ^ o o t ^ish it as it deserves, fApplause]. This same United Kentuckybangingovejpjpem. ThiscountryhastooStatesMarehalwasthemanwhorodegailyattheFred. Kapp, Francis Malignon, and Robert F . Hiloig. L and M, at Fort Brown ThereisaverycheeringspiritprevailingintheXXIId tweenhisspeechandthenexttoastthelirtofdona- B,C,andF,atFortCobb..3ong been united Northland South, in the bonds of oar glorious Union, to allow the President, chosen b y t h e majority, to divide them. "W e are too sensible all through to allow a few political babblers to frighten>usoutofourdecorum. Thegreattroublewiththe Southis,thatinsteadofattendingquietlytotheirbusi- ness, they go about looking up insurrections, and cryinghead of the great procession that marched the length of Broadway at the bidding of your Union Committee, inscribing on its many-colored banners the motto of the "Fusion." Yes, this is th e leader of vour Fusion! Young men of New-York, let us on the 6th of Novem- berchargeinsuchresistlesscolumnuponthishostand its leader that they shall be overwhelmed with a defeat wbich shall scatter them and their party so far and wide to. the four winds that t h e scattered fragments shallh i sWard.THE LOOK-OUT HORSE CLUB, composed ef stealingRepublicans, met last night at Earl's Saloon, on Broad- way, and completed their arrangements for the demon*3D, aSFortArbnckl*.. .....;. tions, with the letter of Gov. Morgan, was read, and G and I, Fort Cbadboorne15—119 $5 80 for superfine." PORK is nominal at $19 50. *TM*£. The AM.ham k Dimon.Bark Fergus (Br.,ofHull), Wool/, Hull 56days, coaltowhich we now, with easier labor and surer reward, areorder, and Owen W . Brennau was called to the Chair. J u d g e D a y t o n , H b i j a c e G r e e i e y , , a n d E . D e l a f i e l d Smith, then addressed the meeting, which was kept upuntil near ten o'clock.RALLYOFTHEVETERANSOFTHEWAROF1812.—Telegraphout against the North. If you were to gather togetherall the public plunderers of the North and South andsend them to Washington, they couldn't begin to equalthe peculations of those who have been there daringthe last four years. What w e want is a few good,koneet, reliable men in Coogress. I understand this to remarks, and long and loud applause broke forth as ination of Capt. Nelson Taylor, was postponed untilbe a ratification meeting, but I don't intend to s*y much about our candidate here, for he don*t want any rabty- mg in this district-he's too well known. Y on know him as well as I do. for I never saw the gentleman in my life. Nevertheless I do know him b y his acts, and b y them I judge. Looking back a t his record, I most heartily recommend bim to your support. What I pro- pose ia that from now until next Tuesday night w e -work night and day to elect .every Republican candi- date upon the ticket, and then quietly fold o u r arms and see if the "crack of doom'' will come asthe South- ern demagogue8eay.it will. M r . Shaffer's remarks were exceedingly humorous throughout, and the audi- ence would scarcely allow him to retire. 'A. J . DITTENHOEKER, esq., w as then introduced, and spoke for- a fe w moments in reference to the local nominations. He heartily indorsed Mr. Conkling and hop*d that every Republican in the IHstrict won a use alibis exertions to surround M r . Lincoln with gsuch men as him whose nomination t>iey had assembled to ratify. A t the conclusion of Mr. Dittenho&fer's re-marks the meeting was adjourned.he closed..In response to loud calls, the Rocky Mountain GleeClnb sang a song, which was loudly applauded.Other^ addresses were then delivered b y W M . O . BOURNK, and Mr. W I L B E R of Columbia County, andmore songs were sung, and the meeting anjouxned.»timents, were respected, and the tide of charity stillset , The recruits for Companies A, C, F , G, and I, 2d steady; tales 6.500 busb at 35c in store OATS-quiet R * Cavalry; the 1st Artillery; Company K , of tbe 1st, CEIPTK: 3 900 bbla. Fiour, T2,0f0 bush. Wheat 35,000 bush. Cera. weather. Thoughextensivelyadvertised,by*posters in,until,atalatehour,thescenewastransformedinto andthe$dInfantry,willbesent,toIndtanolaand 9,000busb Oats- 8HIPMRSTS: L600 bbls Flonr,1O9.O09 bush, wbeat, 54.000 busb Corn. KKKIOHT* firm, flight £&»never again be gathered together^Mr. Tilton w a s much applauded throughoutvotersofthecity"howtosavetheUnion." The Hon. Galusha A . Grow, of Pennsylvania, the accom- plished and intrepid champion ef*the people's cause, will also speak at the same meeting.—The name of Mr. William A. Darling, one of the Lincoln Presidential Electors, w a s ' inadvertently printed Wm. p . D >wlirg in T H E TRIBUNE report ofadopt him as candid&fc > for Judge of tie Saperior Court. The question was div.ded, the first proposition carried,alry.of stage appointments, the bare thought of which The Quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth will have In steamship Illinois,'from Southampton and Havre— Mr. andfollowers,w a sapproachingt h eWO:JC( -ratify the " linaniriums nomination" of BenjaminWood, to represent the Third Congressional Districtin the Thirty-seventh; Congress, was held last night atthe oorneyof Fxanilm street and, West Broadway. were very finely sung. Madame Fabbri, who has al- The word unanimous(probably refered to the fact thatthe Convention that, i t is claimed, nominiated Wood, broke up in a row, and one half of its members refused to participate in its proceedings. There were small.squads of torch-bearers from three Wards, and a good never more clearly demonstrated, nor has she more[Applause.]. FIFTH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONALDEMOCRATIC RAT-IFICATION MEETING.—This meeting, toxatify tbe nom- gical Staifof the Hospital." and several other genial sen- Western Department of General Recruiting Service.—The Hon. Salmon P . Chase of Ohio will addresstheRepublicansattheCooperInstituteonSaturday IFINALCAVE-INOFVHEUNIONPARTY.—TheUniont BOHTOX,Tuesday,pet.30.1030.'The following are the footings of our Bank Statement forOf f urn.namemost nothing to do till her great scene of the fourth act, there rose to a hight which Bbe" has not.before reached; h e r singular power over h e r audience wasSteamships—Florida. Crowell Savannah, 9. L . Mitchill k. Sonj Crescent City, Baxter..BaVana, Livingston, Crocheron 4t Co.Shit)—Ellen Maria, Libby, Savannah, Nesmith & Son. Bark—F. Hamilton, Wass. Montevideo.Brig»—Mariricio (Dutch). Scbroeder. Curacoa;.Princess]New bold. Bermuda, Smith, .Rowes &. Co.; Martha (Br.), Cro EHzabethport, T . Jameson; Conquest Lensen, Jacmel, E . B«Schooners—Lflura Gertrude, Campbell, Charleston, Dollner, Potter ii. Co.; Mindora, Sargent, Laguavra; M . D . Lane. Gard« nir, New-Orleans,J.&N.Smith&.Co.;Bontes.Powers,Jacmel* R. Tbackery; J . O Durfee, Davis, Franklin. Sturges & Co.—The German Wide-Awakes of the Twenty-secondWark, Adam Roediger, President, met last night atNo.248WestForty-secondstreet(Micolino'sHall), sofarasorthographywasconcerned. Oneboretheforcibly shown t h e entire self-forgetfuluesB which al-and listened to addresses from Messrs. Frederick Kapp, Truman Smith, A. Frank, and F . Malignon.inscription: " W e a r e Wite Men." Another d<- clared: " We'll Load up our Wood Nov. 6th," but whether for Congrees or Salt River was not stated.. Asay that Fabbri has had no superior when we Consider her singing and action; and, as we have, before said, in looking at the effect of her performances, these cannotday afternoon at the factory*of G. R. Stewart, in Thir- ty-eixth street, that he died in about five minutes there- after. Mr. S. was riding upon a/truck_aud was caaght between a girder and some cases of goods. A physiStakes New Haven, master.Steamers—P T . Hartt, Siddell, Philadelphia, ma«ter; LadyAdams, Bristol, master. _Arrived.FIFTEENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT, TWENTY-FIRST small squad, who appeared rather too young to turn WARD—MASS MEETING OF VOTERS AND WIDE- executioners, were designated on a transparency as AWAKES—SPEECHESBYT.B.VANBDREN,J.Sous "JohnBrownHangers," Anotherborethewords:Steamship Hlinois. Terry, Havre O c t I t , a n d Southampton ofRaoul. Itishighpraisetosaythathissplendid cianwassummoned,butwasunabletorenderhimany samenight,mdse.andpass,toDanielTorrance. Forthefirst1$The veterans of 1812, residing in this city and vicinity, it heads were again covered, while the R ev . M r.the more reason why w e should work the harder toelect him. IntheVIIth District Elijah Ward showsrelied wholly upon personal contributions for its sup- port. The toast was then honored:ifornia drafts left to ten or twelve military poate on the Texan frontier.Annexedisadetailedaccountofthenumberofsol-diers to depart, together with the names of the Com-panies and the posts which they are to join:MomtB, O ct. 29.—Corrox: sab* to-day 2500 w '. »t>*ro«T'« news caused lesa firmness at lie - th'l*L^t^'^. * • ofthe buyer. C'» "* Uan * *»&i«rNKW-ORtBASK. O c t 29.—Tbe Fulton's advirt** « - - rfirmness totheCOTTOWmarket;«*!«, IQ.m&FZvYSZ**for Middling. 8ceAKdoll,at7i«^y ,^W»«»MJailk- wAxneri© IsnUtuve « i ivg, c«nrX *«v. J. at* s e t s o i u s y"The 1.1 Hon, m ib ten «*. azMt «»lii«-1 >*)ThepublfbfM TIGHTyrMN, aa<gJrtvTO thembaa ito «t» C«Jla»d«a;signsofcavingin^inbehalfoftheSchiedamSchnappscandidate. Mr.Dowwillbeelectedinspiteofbotho^ refugeofthediatrosaed,andtheasylumofthefaithful.WHISKY, 22C.I&KOHTV Coffi^r,16* • * ^°^0a' *« Idrer.either of them.''X,AS«KS. 41<fe. pool. J^l7-32d.street) Synagogue responded, and although a year ago Conference Committee, last night, agreed upon Ed- this gentleman could not speak a word ofEnglish, hisBALTJMOHK, Oct. 30.—FtOTTR dull; Ohio S5SA , » j •«street*ndCityMillsbeldatthesaraeprice, w\r^|[*!!?,l*M en. U5l 4<V®*1 65. CORKh*« a decliningteT.dency.arll51Jl^T,*. FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.—The Fusion ward Henry Smith as theUnion candidate for CongresssdgfrOKDHPARTMKKTOKTEXAS.in this District. TWENTY-SECOND/ Germanremarks were so eloquent that they received very em-phatic applause. " The President of the United States"A and F,atFortMa»on — B, at Cimp ColoradoC, at Fort Inae...v.......56 19 54 66 15.'*5 35Yellow at 64-368C.; White, 70®72c. P R O V T S H ? S g PORK, $1975. COWBB steady at 14i^l51c ffiffi'jffiBPHTI.AT>BU>HJA,Oct30.—Frontdull;8operfineIs(rtt-jj($5?5. WHBAT quiet: sales of 4,000 bush. Red. »13rv&iiiJ Wbit*. *143. CoRWdull; siles 5.000 bush. Yellow *-£} MessPORK. *195Ca>$20. COFFKE—Rio, 14W>154c wJ^.WARD.—Theheroes of the Revolution, he plucked out with italeo meeting last night in Nicolini's Hall, Forty-second K, atCampWood....congregationpaidaneloquenttributetothisexcellent J,atCampVerde.......the spirit of, that old revolutionary heroism which grace, illustrating its beauty with the examples of Gar-' First Artillery Companies..•"••30—300 >te»dyat22i®23c. ^ ^ w«m*. NBW-ORJ.BAJTS, Oct 30.—COTTOXis firm; sales to-dav 16mmeans always to resist tyranny and to pun- rtreet. AddressesweremadebyAdam Roediger, ibaloi,FlorenceNightingale,andotherheroes.Be- Fano"K,atFortDuncan •16 . . . 4 4 94 15bales,atHi^lljc.;salesofthreedays.26.5C0bales-re&»E5 thre* days, 30,000 bales, against 43 500 bales same timeb*Ma!£ r«'oiptitJessthanlasty#->»r,67,500b«ks:«tockatallSooSL* j ort" less than )a»t je«r, 133.000 bales. FLOUR is dull t s i SCapt. Penny.and form a feature in the procession.J De Cordova, who kept the table in a roar with afueilade of compliments to the sex, and a facetious e x -position of hio own principles on this attractive subject." Civil and Religious Liberty," "The Medical and Sur- for the 1st Infantry by the Superintendent of theThey will turn out about fifty horse,Friday night, in coneequence of the appearance of theand newspaper notices, only about a hundred Demo- crats showed themselves during the evening, and at an earlyhourthe "Headquarters" were desertedbyallBrazos San Jago, Texas; all to be landed at the gold Barracks. 'CHAJTGBon New-York at 1 ty cent premium.CiNCiyjrATi, O c t . 30.—FLOUR market unsettle* t no sale* ofCounty Convention met at Thorpe's Hotel on SaturdayWide-wastoaBtednext. "Charity" wasthethirdregular DandH,atCampCooper... E, at CampBar*Dcaevening neat.—The Hon. JameB Humphrey, Member of Congressfrom the Second (Brooklyn) District, will speak beforetheRepublicans at theCooperInstituteonThursdayevening next, in which he will endeavor to show the nomination of F . A. '["allmadge for Ci'y Judge; and to orchestra, a month of steady rehearsals, and'a weal ;h Leavenworth to join the detachment for the 2d Cav-intheMarineandotherCourtswasnotsuchastorec- choiue,certainlybadenough,butyetnotentirelyWe subjoin a list oftheofficers attached tothis Locales.W.Fotto.J.J.Lanbat,Mrs.A.Schadeandchild,Mrs,Pauline Mnrathy, Miss Caroline Leiscb, Mr Stamman, F. CareQ and cbi!d, Mr. Berge, G , Osterbeld, M. Cohn, L. Schaffner, Y . S"TJ«erTer.MissEmmaLockler.Mrs.L.BaihelH,Mr.Ponchon,!ommend him to the Convention; and referred for au-given over to error.The result was not a symmetricaltroop: \Captain Junius N. Palmer, Second Cavalry.after,which Gen. Tallmadge was nominated for Judge making every one of his hearers feel the wonder- to state that Antonio MuTatori, w h o w a s formerly ' of the Superior Court. Mr. Bogardus was then adoptedsecretary of the club, has attached himself to the for- tunes of Mr.B. Wood in the Hid Congressional Dis trict, and is no longer a Republican. While Muratori,as the Union candidate for Recorder (since declined), ful magnetism of his presence, at once changingthe entire atmosphere and movement of the scene. He is the only basso now on our stagewith ameeting in Franklin street and West Broadway, las . Dight, bearing a banner with t h e name of Garibaldi, Michiele Cbioramente, 1st Lieutenant of the Garibaldi Wide-Awft^a, stopped him, and tore the name of.Brevet Major William T. H . Brooks, Captain Third Infantry. First Lieutenant Lawrence W . O- Bannon. Third Infantry. First Lieutenant John W . Allejr. Third Infantry.Second Lieutenant Alexander N . Shipley, Third Infantry. Second Lieutenant Edward R . Hopkins, Third Infantry. Captain Henry D. Wallen, Fourth Infantry.Captain Joseph B. Plummer, First Infantry.Second Lieutenant Alexander M. Haskell, First Infantry.' Second Lieutenant John P . Sherburne, First Infantry.Second Lieutenant Henry C. Wood, First Infantry.Brevet Second Lieutenant George S . Hollister, First Infantry.FATAL ACCIDENT;—Mr.James Stewart, residingatPORT. O F NEW-YORK.Cleared.f e wGaribaldi from t h e banner, saying that that should not be used for such a purpose.many boys bore transparencies, the mottoes on which, in some cases, evinced considerable originality, at leastways marks her impersonations, which, indeed, al-waysmarksthegreatartist. Itisnot•extravagantto No.417Seventhavenue,wassobadlyiDJaredyester- S'oop—Wn>.H.Bowen.Brotherton,Bristol,master;Warren,RITTERBAND, AND E . C . JOHNSON.—Pursuant, to acall in Tuesday's TRIBUNE,the Republicans oftherspeaker, and was in his element—that is mud; P.Coutant,W.Haw,jr.,S.S.Childs,J.SolisRitter- forthestreets,ofitheCi'yIuspectorwereiuN. Y:, on Tuesday, O c t 16, by-the Rev. J. H . Bates, Edward McDonald-ofManitowoc,wis.,andCarolineE.Bellamy, daughter of the late Julius Bellamy.S A V A G E — W A R I N G - I n t h i s c i t y , o n T u e s d a y , O c t 2 3 , b y t h e Rev. IJobn DowJinjr. D. D.,, Mr. Thomas W". Savage of Savan- nah, Ga.. 10 Miss Sue Gertrude, daughter of the 1st© Tunis S. WaringofUlsterCounty,N.Y.XVth Assembly District held a mass meeting last night ._ ,X i ,. ^. ,•,-,.•.•»- , ,,? I A R B I E » .in pantomime. Near by, where Mayor Wood was ex-Tnh-»i^r*d*^a#%v*eVAnWu\«eA. MTWrw.W\Xl.BY^aoiTleavyr w-nrarso.o c/>aollLei/d1 t•*o•/-»t+hV>e**csh»Uaniriw, Ipvo\^rwt+'*B"rRo-rt/\htne*»r•»'•'BpeAn.n"" HTeTnornymiAArci*u«rltar»rliouriaTiawrrar&saththe* f4iirs»atf. we have already spoken. The choruses wereADAJVfS—BBJGGS —In the Memorial Church,, on Tuesday morning, Oct 30, by the Rev. Edwin RI T . Cook, W . Irving Adams to Marion L. Clapp, only daughter of the Hon. George BrijrgB, all of this city.and t h e following gentlemen elected Vice-Presidents;lynIrrepressibles,commandedbyCol.Barlow.After band,EllsworthElliot,JohnStevenson,andsix wbichthethereforefamoasArculariususedtodelightothers. Notwithstanding the unfavorable weaJtber thecollationatPaliceGarden. Speechesweremadeand streetsaboutandnearthestandswerecrowdedwith epectaiorsonthesidewalk,whowereunabletoh9arthemeetingtheIrrepressibles wereentertainedwithapersons, and the Wide-A wake Clubs kept up a contin- ued spirit of enthusiasm. General order and good feeling prevailed—all present feeling satisfied that the T w e n t y - f i r c t W a r d i s s a f e f >r a l a r g e L i n c o l n m a j o r i t y . Mr. Bailey returned tbanks for the honor conferred uponhim,andthoughtthatthenext raintheyshould be in would be the reign'of Abe Lincoln, and all the darkcloudsofSlaveryandDisunionwouldthenbedispelled.The Hen. T. B. Van Buren then addressed the meet-"BlessingofthePoniards" wasamixedupand SanFranciscoBuDetinpleasecopy. McDONAtb—BELLAMY—At Glen's Falls. Warren County,ing. He said he had been nominated to be elected, and thief, who was taken to the Fifth Precinct Stationexcellence in the rendering of Meyerbeer's Choruaes TALBOT-STORM—At Hudson, on Thursday, Oct 25, b y thehe meant not to be disappointed, for he felt that in the enthusiasm manifested by every Republican, and even by Democratic papers, for our Judiciary ticket, there boded undoubted success.Houee, where he gav'e bis name as JameB Trwing. He was searched, but the watch, valued a t $30, was n o t found. When about being put iu the cell, the prisoner resisted Officer Croleus, who bore the marks of having bad quite a severe tussle in locking him up.UNION FOR THE SAKE O F THE SPOILS. F<>r P«>id<3ent,when.only a day or two has- been spent in rehearsing them; and the adverse criticism just written is rather in the nature of an abstract statement than a token ofWhat, he exclaimed, is the Slave Power ? Into the Spooner, fNott, Kennedy, Jackson, Gilson, Tathill, we have mentioned, very many of the best known' United States Marshal's Office, in this City, went an Elderkin, and others, who have, from the first, been mercantile houses of New-York and of her m6st prom- duced. This evening" Der Freiechiirz" will be per-old man, white-haired and venerable, accompanied b y -his grandson, a young man of twenty, to a3k a civil ques*ion of a public officer, who ought to have given a crvil answer. What words of indignation, saidMr.Tilton.shall Isummontomylipstogiveafitde-scription of that disgraceful deed of violence, of whiche v e r y m o r n i n g n e w s p a p e r , n o t s i l e n c e d b y t h e S l a v ePower, has already told you the tale? A hoary-connected with tlds organization, could not fail of mak- ing their,mark on the canvass. .:.;.:/.FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.—A meeting of .the ConventioncalledbyorderoftheAmerican Generalinent citizens, not holding the ancient faith, contributedbounties varying from hundreds to tens of dollars. A sif to make reparation! in some measure for the past©mifcsionof.theJew'sHospitalfromtheliarsofnotmore deserving cbaritias wbich have the help of theformed, including in its cast Madame Fabbri, Madame Von Berkel, Formes, Stigelli.fefemight rightfully command the respect of any public tion proceeded to nominate a candidate for member ofTheentertainmentitselfwassufficientlyvariedand Tiemanborehiscuesobravelythathenotonly TherelativesandMendsofthefamilyarerespectfullyinvitedtoof the"Rataplan"'and"AveMaria,"in.the tokeepthemiu. Whatcrowdtherewasweremainly third act was quite lost, and the'magnificentand what was left of the assembly gave chase. Officer Croleus, who was on Varick street, hearing the cry, ran in front of the crc wd, and arrested the suspectedunited. Recurring to the remark with which we com-menced, we repeat that it would be foolish to expectslop of Havana. "*.•'•, San Francisco Bulletin please copy.Ship Tonlon. Upslier, New-Orleans 18 days, cotton, &c, to J . &. N. Smith &. Co. Oct 27, off Hatteras, saw ship Boxreda Bros.,steering N ..Baik Stampede Lewis, Malaga 83 days, and Gibraltar 28.days,fruit to Grund & Westervelt; vessel to Simpson & Clapp. O c t . 20,1st 37. Ion. 50, ripoke Sard, bark Julia, heoce for Malta.Bark H^rzogin Von Brabant (Brem.), Beling, Bremen 36 days, mds«», and 289 pass, t o Rujrer Bros. O c t 26, l a t 41, Ion. 66, s a w ship Ocean Ranger, steeringE .C o m m i t t e e w a s h e l d a t N o . 4 0 5 G r a n d s t r e e t o n M o n - . S t a t e o r t h e C i t y , Gc v . M o r g a n k c l o s e d t h e s u m o f d a m p a i r d i d n o t f a v o r t h e p l a y ; b u t t b e m a t c h b e t w e e nday evening, 29th inst., Mr. W . F . Nash, Jof t h e Thir- teenth Ward, in the chair, andMr. W. A. Haggarty,ofone hundred dollars it a letter, warmly commending Tieman and Lynch was the cloaest and most exciting i the banquet with louc applause. Lynch led his adversary more than a hundred points.he-fded man—whose age, at least, should have protect-edhi;nfrom insult—nay,whose pure andnoble life the.SeventhWard,Secretary. Onmotion,th3Conven- theinstitutiontoallg>odcitizens,which wasreadat thathasjetoccurred. Whileatonepointofthegameofficer,highorlow,iuallthenation—isthru3toutofdoors by a United States Marshal's rude right hand,is worse assailed with oaths and imprecations ouchaslips unaccustomed to profanity would loathe to-re-peat, the doors are shut against him, apdnifl {defenceless grandson is held imprisoned in- enthusiastic meeting of the Itepublwat^f the Bloody guests in the City Aisembly Rooms, and it is only in the.Tournament is unabated. Yesterday's play wasside to coffer further brutality and violence. I am Sixth, was htld at No. 100Elm' etree^^^ftferiin^. thisdayinformed,said-Mr.Tiltonjthat,awitnesswill The oldHeadquarters wasallina hH H^'-de- be brought into Court to testify that one of the by-standers picked from th<; floor a lock of young Barney'sneceesary to eay that they groaned to convey a sensewatched by a crowd, and was the most extraordinary J REE B—In this city,, on Monday, Oct 29, of consumption, Ann Reel), aged 36 yeurs.• • Sloop Stony brook Packet, Tyler, Elizabothport, ooaL.for Frori'hair which Marshal Rynders plucked out by the rootsShannon, Simeon Draper, Horace Greelfe^pSid Gov. the direction of the Superintendent of the Hospital. Ifvv E v L At h6Several shots were quite up to the Be"rge"r '{ W,E^S^T E^B JA;' KTL~T - A.tAt h e resiidence off 'hUis brcottheerrRR>>tiplpb,, nearAssembly, when M r . Lewis Hopps of th e Seveuth Ward was unanimously nominated byjacclamation.brilliant to giye much:pleasuro to all who participated,regained all the lost ground, but also achieved a veryattend his funerul on Wednesday. 3l*t lust, at 2 i o'ol 00k p. 00., from hia late residence, No, Ui5 East Eighteenth streetPARKER—Suddenly, pn Tuesday morning. Oct 30, Mary M., wife ofR. W. Patker,iu tfae4lstyearofherage,The relatiyee and Mends of the family are respectfully invited toatterd tb e funeral on Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o'clook, from No. 323 Fulton avenue, Brooklya*and grace.fromhisbead. ThisistheSlavoPower,turningby NobleofWisconsin,inEu|fe5andbyT.zTC.Schir- BOpieanxietywasexpreeeedinreferencetotlioflowof standard,andwerehonoredwithroundsofapplauseithacu, N. Y., John We»tervelt. jr., of llackenaack, N. J., aged <o yt'ifa. .-.*.-•Ills relatives and friends are respectfully IxvJted to attendhis /metal in the Second Reformed Dutch Chinch..at Hackou* rack, on Thursday, Nov. 1; at 10J o'clock a- <»•an easy transition from brutality to black men to bru-tality to white men. I t is the same power which, with mer in German.^ These nwetiugs have been held that detonating and glittering beverage, which is He won quickly. , But his glory was almost diaiaiedaudacious hand, struck down Charles Sumner in the weekly, arid are redeeming the darkest district in the equally the stimulant of the CbrJQtian and the Jew, it by the amazing display of skill by Tieman, in the gamein addition to the natural satisfaction.of. a kindly andbrilliant run of eighty-five points, closing the game inREPUBLICANISM IN'THE SIXTH;W^m,—A large and generous deed. Tabes were set for six hundred Ida own favor by more than a hundred. The interest 5the Tournament has elicited. In his game with White, , c , - Awaketorches. Addresses were madj^^Pobea paredinaccordancewiththecaiaineofIsrael,uoder Lynch.scored162points,inarunofmatchlesaBigacity J ' ^de»ce.Sloop Translator, Hawkins, Providence 2 dsys.St«?amrr Valley City, Chapman, Derby, Conn., mdse. to D. 0 .kR.Mtiler. ... Steamer Black Diamond. Allen, Philadelphia, mdse. t o J . & K»Bribes. a Steamer New-London, Smith, New-London, mdse. w B . » Rockwell. .'•'.„ • 'LSteamer Planet, WiUon, Philadelphia!; mdse. to Loper A KirT,patriok. » . « .of the plenitude of the feast. , The collation was. pre-Steniiier Novelty, Shaw, Philadelphia, mfat>. to J. « « • Senate Chamber; There is a story that the Prince of Stitte. The sneakers were listened to with the pro- was quite relieved, by the high tide ofi soul which that followed with Geary—the quickest and roost WESTERVELT—On Sunday evening. 0<t. 28, Louisa J.. wif,> BrlwesWales, when he visited Washington and looked in at foundest attention, and the best of feeling and greatest swept over the festive board. Willi'what lovelier brilliant we have seen. Ho led oir with a run of 1:27 the Senate, asked to be mhowa to Charles Smnoer'aof Richard II.WMtervelt, and »ter»-d»URhtejofJ. \V. MoKe» of Gra^N Riibor, W .T , foruii^fy of New-York, Iu the 83i year ot|her age.Tho relnti»«<« and frleudu ot the family are invited to attond the funeral this (Wedne8d»5),morning, ut 10 o'clock from her late r V s i d e n b e . H u d r o n a v e n u e , S o u t h B e r g e n , w i t h i u a s h o r t d i s - (av.ee of the U joiious of horse railroad from Jersey City.Steajuer Petrel. Young.Providence, mdae. to Isaac Odell.BELOW—Ships Union, from •Shauguae 150davs; Waverl#y» from Hong K- ug —[By pilot-boat W . J . Reaver (No. 12).Scbr Mystic Wiley —(By pilot-bout Nettle (No. 20).SAILED—Ships Confidence, New>'Orleausj and Bullion; schr.' S . ' / H c t c h k i s s , H a v a n a t a n d a l l a n c h o r e d a t Q u a r s n t i n e .seat. [Applause.] I am inforrued that the gentleman enthusiasm prevailed. Dr. Pierre C. Vah Wjek acted beauty cpuld board be graced than by that darky soft, points, and followed withanother of one hundredandas Chairman, and Charles F Stoppaai as Secretary." R E P U B L I C A N R A T I F I C A T I O N M E E T I N G I N T H E S I X T H outrage hasbeen perpetrated bythesame auda- WARD.—TheroomsNo.10Mottstreet,nearChathamand luxurious type, peculiar, to the Jewish woman, w h o s e n a t u r a l a d v a n t a g e s a r e e n h a n c e d o n a n o c c a s i o n like the present by a toilette at oncgjrorgeouB and deli-e.ighty-Jicc jtohils—tbo largest ever made at this gamei n A m e r i c a , e x e r c i s i n g a n a b s o l u t e c o n t r o l o v e r t h ewho pointed it out bad sufficient sense of nationals h a m e t o b l u s h a t t h e d e e d w h i c h i t r e c a l l e d , f A.p-Aluo, «teau»fhip Empire City. Havauaaud New-Orleans; Floit* WIND—Sunset, S., aud foggy. . J 'B y Ttfl^Krapls.HAMPTON ROADS, Oct 30.—Arr. bark Maria, Montevideo!bxlg Brothers, 8oiubrero.BOSTON, O ct. 30.-Arr. steamer T . Sprague, Philad*lpui*»bark Money Nick. Beyiout Bvlow, ship ludiaman, Manilla.i^ianse.J But *here, in this city, a similar daringhalls,andholdingthemtogetherasifbyamagnetic VV.ARTS!-J"thiscity,alterashortillness,PeterB.Warti,In d».Savannah;Janiestown,Norfolk,Jtc.cious, highhanded Slave Power. A h ! W ho Square, were crowded, last evening, by a jolly eot of Chie, and the splendor of wliojP&liarms ia fairly cue. This startling success only increases the excite- theWM*" jearof Usage.are we,young men,thathave come tomanhood only after the long conflict is over, and the victoryisnearathand! Butthisvenerableman, twenty-five years ago—in thevery yearinwhichISixthWarders,whocametoassistinratifyingthe Republican nominations for Couuty and Judicial olfi- cers. Mr.DavidB. 1)wire,PresidentoftheRepuhocllpeedbyadisplayofraregenHrwbiolicertainly cannot be equalled by any other race?mentinregardto-thegreat,.decisivematohbetween Tieman and Kavauagh, to he played to-day. "flhtuild tberenotbeatie,the game between PhelanandtheWEDEK'INB—1«thiscity,onMonday,Oct29,CatharineM. wile of|Fr»dericK W Wwdeklnd, anddat 'v th Donicun, aged 32years. laughter of widow Elbsa-Tbef«a»tel.willtakeplaceIromtheresidenceofthefamily,No. 3Jl WMbiogten street,nearHarrisonstreet, on VV^duisday, tho 41st inst. at 1 p . m . The relatives and Mends ofthe tkmily wr^ invited to attend without farther invitation.VM Jbora—ww already engaged i s the same service In I Y ^ ^ ^ o i ^ M ^ ^ y ^ ^TheoompahywereseatedatC^o'clock,thepresidingfhe-meetingW I oflicers and the d^tiugui«hedguests ocoupyipg atable \ wirinor will come off to-morrow, and this will end theHiUntitled DocumentmI>fJftW*•j***??^^kinsorhandkerchiefs—whiletheRev.Mr.Lyonsofthe Nineteenth-Btreet Synagogue, paid grace; and afterOFEIGHTBAITY .-TVhospital"since its foundation, over eleven hundred havej vous within the limits of the Department of the EastTheJew*1Hospital ofNei&-York—The homeofaffliction,the TotbiBtheRev.Dr.Adler,oftheEmanuel(Twelfthcontinued, at intervals, as rapidly as the cards came in that had been distributed among the guests. " T h e daughters of Israel" found a happy advocate in theFirst Infantry Companies. H, at Cwnp Cooper "...K, at Fort LancasterThird Infantry Companies.12 12—24Cotton to Liverpool 17-32d FXCHAN«X on LendTM , „ r a TM > nd with bUIs of 1-rTing. 106®1CCJ. SiOH* ExCMAjroxota^- Tork i®i ^ c*mt dlscooht r"'•pteadldK •a**!* tk* 2»fcov;n> «odtbePW« -r-BOTWAl>wpste#« ceontry.bl.sJW-1As«pp*>1 •Jrj »ai«.,xyouUj.CeaU»st.|Five Companies at Fort ClurkstrationonFridaynight. .TheClubiscommandedby person ofthegreatAmerican^umoristandpoet'Mr. Five'CompaniesatRinggoldBarracks...................150—300 ?'ChicagoSpring»t $106,afloat COK.Vfirmer,withmodsabtone of unmingled gayety, the whole extent of the sa-loon being opened to the ball. Dancing was continued former place, except those for Fort Brown and King-with unabated spirit and brilliancy far into the morning.MUSIC.importance: Superfine offered a t $ 4 8 0 ® $ 4 80, with no buyers. The recruits forCompaniesB,D,E,BT,andK,2d WHHSXY advanced {c, at 16|c. PROVIMOXS unchMged, and nothing done- Money market and sight Exchange on New-York;It is probably absurd to expect anything like a per-past week:serving in Texas, will also be se sent with this detach- Capital Stock.......$37,731,700 Due to other banks. S9,070,Wevening. The procee iings were characterized by muchbitterne'sB of language. Mr. Bogardus, nominee for fect performance of an Opera which, like " L e s ment. Loans and Discounts 63 822 W0 Deposits. 20,mtt»Recorder, and Mr. B dinger, candidate for Supervisor, Huguenots," demands at least half a dozen first-rate The recruits at Jefferson Barracks for the Com- Specie.........Dne from other b'nks5,039,5(0 Circulation 3,215,500resigned. Themoti<n wasthen madetovacatethe artists,an army ofchorus singers,a battalioninthe paniesofthe1st,CavalryinTexaswillbeeenttoFortP a s s e n g e r sMrs. Cattanco, M. W . Ehrhsrdt, Joseph Pferffer James BueadL and the second lost. A delegate then proposed the would frighten any Israelish treasury into immediate the horses in readiness for the march at the time indi- A. Quick P . Wrfsman. Charles Kusyn. Louis Gross. Mrs. A ,name of Jobn McCunn for City Jadg*; upon whichanother remarked that that person's coarse of practicebankruptcy. On Monday evening we had fou^xcel- cated. "'.'••*'.'Mayer Adolpb Stawpel. Rev. Mr. Besnoret P- P . Grimm, C. Fi»ber Mits C Fi*h-r, W . D. and C. J. St wall, Mr. and Mrs.H. F. Sewall. child and servant; Mr. and Mrs. P . Lefevre, M n . Jt, A.B.Stone,Mrs.V.DefolgMr.sndMrs Sehlundandchild.J.SLeadfJTCl]AMKBU»oo* n «aSjvoM-s hpclu«j«lent artists, a good orchestra for ordinary work, and aThe recruits for the 1stInfantry, except tho3e for Company K , will be sent to their postsvia Fort Smith.representationswehavebeforehad,4ngeneraleffect, FirstLieutenantWalterH.Jenifer,SecondCavalry. First Lieutenant William P . Chamblias, Second Cavalry.and Smith Ely, jr., for Supervisor.THE WOOD RATIFICATION.—A meeting, called to who makes a living and intelligible dramatic creation Infantry..OCT. 80.of his characters.in the first act, and the duet with Fabbri in the thirdHis praj erandthe " piff paff" songbe separated. Stigelli was also very great in his partsinging makes us forget his clumsiness in acting, wbichmuddy transaction whether considered from a musicalt o o , w i t h i t s c a v a l r y a n d n a v a l a r r a n g e m e n t s , w a s aO r t<TharwaitfromtOlHAWAth«2<ticipsj been( 4hi.o<hopeless tangle; the double band and the unwieldychoruagropedaboutinutterdarknesstillthefalloftheiila for Boston. The bark Zingarella, for New-York, sailed 2 days the bridb'sfather,inHavana,SchuylerCounty,bjthe Rev. 1revions.curtaincuttheknot,whichwouldneverhavebeenTAYLOR—HYSLOP—On Tuesday, Oct,'23, at the residence of T. McE)benny, M r . Daniel D. Taylor to Mias Maggie J . Hy-J. Solis Ritterband, esq., President of the Twenty-first Ward Wide-Awade Club, was the next speaker.He saidthat he regarded the irrepressible conflict be-tween Slavery and Freedom as. decided—decided infavor of Freedom; freedom of speech, freedom of thepublic lands. He considered that the great results iuPennsylvania and other States, weie in a great measureowingtotheunceasinglaborsoftheWide-Awakds,andhetrustedtbattheirworkinthiscitywouldbepro-ductive of equally favorable results. Mr. Ritterband'sremarkswereloudlycheered. Heconcludedbyan BANQUET AND' BALL FOR THE- JEW'S important parts in the hands of incompetent aged62years. splitsails,s'ov*boats,andreceivedotherdamage. Oct23,lat.'MOKE TRUTH THAN POETRY.—The following is an advertisement from yesterday's Herald-: .concerning Madame Maretzek's performance of th e Queen's part. She is not fitted for the character in.any particular; she lacks dramatic ability and she has n owife of the Rev. John AIDurtis.The relativesarid friends of the family, and those of her sons,ingN.Baik Wressel Castle (Br., of Goole), Pottage, St. Martin's Oct.Mr. FUSION. For Vic.o Pre*id*nt,voiceworthspeakingof,certainlynotonewhichoughtto be heard iu such music. When there are BO many ARMSTRONG—On Tuesday, Oct. 30, Sarah Ann Armstrong, a t order._^ L_.appealtothevotersoftheWardtosnpportMr.E.C. HOSPITAL. DAVIS—Intliiscity,onSunday,Oct.23,JohnR.Davis,aged 3515,Ion7450.passedbrigEmmaEger,ofCharleston,steering; Johnson for Assembly. Mr. Easterbrook followed ia persons. For the faithful and cheerful manner in 8.—[Reported by pilot from boa* Nettle.60years. '•...••"' Brig R.C. Dyer (of Belfast). Turner, Salt Key. T.I.,Oct IS*. ahnmorousspeech,whichwasreceivedwith applause Aboutfourteenthousanddollarswererealizsdin aid whichMadameMaret^ekattemptstodohervocaland FORSHEE—In this city,onMonday,Oct29.Sarah"Forshee, a*lttoR.P.'.Buckk Co. Oct16.lat2630, Ion.72,experiencedBROOKS.•goodsingersinthecountry,almostatthedoorsoftheAcademy, it is wrong for the management to place COLEMAN—In this city; on Monday, Oct 29, James Coleman, ver»« hurricane from S 8 . E to S. 8 . W., which lasted4 hours;Territories, and no powe* can prevent—an idea .and laughter, as the gentleman recited in hie own ex- of the Jew's Hospital—a charity ranking with the dramatic duty, she always receives the gratitude given widow of the late William Forshee, aged 72 years, 5 mouths a bevvy norther: carried awiy topsail and topsail yard.. "which w as taken from the deep, dark recesses of perience the good reuulteof a Homestead bill. He was and 27 days. ^ "..' Brig Mary AK-ina (of Boston), Ames, Galveston 17 days, cot-the brain of the Chief-Justice ot the United States, one of the first settlers in.the Ward, and manufactured noblest, yet independent of all civil support, and foun- .byjustsoul8. But she cannot sing, and the interests FINK—At Blooming Grove? Orange County, N . Y., on Monday, ton, kc, to master. , thelotofgroundon whichhe lived byfillingitinby ded only upOn thatiprofoand andimmovable liber- ofartsufferwrongbyeuchfeebleefforts asshe mus. Oct. 29,Mrs.DeliaFink,inthe55thyearofherage. Bri*Zebulum(Br.),Davidson,Windsor,N.S.,10days,plasterand promulgated as a decision of the Supreme moonlight,when itwas underwater. Messrs.J.H.'GILBERT—In this city,on Sunday,Oct28,Elizabeth Mills, toorder,ality for which the children of Israel are proverbial all ever necessarily make. If it were ouly on a single youngest daughter of Newton and Mary Ann Gilbert, aged 2 Schr. D. Trowbridge (of New-Haven), Lyon, Grand Turk. T .Court. W e bear much now of the dissolutionof the Union; but Thomas Jefferson said that the germ addrcEses, and the meeting adjourned. After which, over the world, and [which is indeed the bond of theof dissolution of our Union was .in the constitution of this very Supreme Court. Mr. Tilton then referred to the Republican party as opposed to these, the corner- stone of who?e principles was laid three-quarters of a centuryago,intheOrdinanceof1787,whichprovided that Slavery should be excluded from all the territorynorthwest of the Obio,forever. He quoted from the writings and speeches of Washington, Jefferson, Clay, Benton and Abraham Lincoln, showing the identity ofthe Wide-Awakes paraded through the Ward, quantities of fireworks hghtmg.their march.FIFTH-W ARD WIDE-AWAKES.—At the close of the gTeat meeting in the square near Fifth-Ward Hotel on Monday evening, the Fifth-Ward Wide-Awakes re- paired to their Jheadquarters and partook of a colla- tion prepared for the occasion. Addresses were madewidelyscattered race-^by the entertainment in commem-White,.W-A. Darbng.andE.C.Johnsondeliveredoccasion,ortofillanunexpectedgap,thatweaksingers were put into places requiring strength, not a word would Joe said; silence in such caees is always moreyears,10'monthsand10days.GILBERT—In this city, on Monday morning,. O c t 29, Mrs. HelenM.,wifeof George B.Gilbert,jr.,in the33dyearof her age.HADLEY—At Pleasantville, Westchester Couuty. o n Tuesday morning, Oct. 30, of consumption, Mrs. Ophelia G. Hadley, wife of Joseph W . Hadley. aged 24 years.Tbe fxjends and relatives ofthe family are respectfully inylted $o attend the funeral on Thursday morning, Nov. 1, without fur- ther notice.HARPER-:On Tuesday morning, Oct 30, Jacob Sleeper Hsrper, eldest son of Joseph W. Harper,jr., aged 5.years and 8 days. The fmnei.alseiviceswillb«heldat11o'clooka.m.,onWednes-I,OcV17,-altandoldmetaltoH.Tro^bridge'sSons,ofNew- Haven. O ct '9 lat. 31 3<>. Ion. 74 31; spoke ship Ocean Traveler, from Cbincha Isbmds for New-Yoik.Schr.E.C Felter. Lillia,Malaga via Gibraltar25days, fruit, had,kc, toG<rrez.WalliskCo. Oct.12,lat.3358.Ion.36. sneke B r barkSterlingsbire, King, from Bombay for Liverpool, l36«?aysont short of provisions; supplied ner. *Schr Island Queen. <Br., o f S*lcomb).''Luckhano, Patras 6 0 days, and 35 days from Gibraltar, currants to G. F Bulley. Oct-/ 28, »at 34 47, Ion 74 30, spoke brig Rainbow, o f Booth Bay, fori B o s t o n •••'',,Schr W . A Griffin. Berden, Granada O c t 18. old metal, fruit, kc., to master. Oct. 28, off Hatteras, saw ship Vitula, of Boatcn, stei'rJng NScbr Templeton (of Calais), Hodgdon, Turk's Island 13 dart.' salt to Brett. Son & Co.Schr. Albert', Cotton, Columbia 9 days, lumber to F . Talbot & Co.Schr. Centurion, Freethy, Calais 6 dayB, lumber to T. M. May* hew Si Co.Schr. Gem (Br., o f Guernsey), Moore, Patras 39days; passed Gibraltar Oct 4; currants t o Diaper & Devlin.Schr, Quickstep (Br.), Dorman, Windsor, N . S., 6 days, plaste* to D.'R. .DewolfSchr.Hnvelork(Br), Reid, Sockvllle,N.P.,viaPortland,1? davs. stone to P . I. Nevius &. Son.Schr. John' E . Patten, Cole, Portland 5 days, heading iff ma»ter. ' 'Sohr Millard Fillmore, Chase, Boston 3 days, mdse. to S. W» L^wls k Co.Schr. Forrest, Emery, Rocklaud 2 days, lime to master. Si'hr. Bay State, Sp-ar, RockUuid 2 days, lime to master. Schr Presto, Larrabee, MachWs 7 days, lumber to master. Schr. Montezuma, , MUehias 8 d»ys, lumber.Schr Sea Biro, Chase, Fall River 2 days.Schr. W . H . S a w n t Sargent. Sedgwick 4 days, stone. Schr. Rough and Ready, Bobbins, Rocklaud 8 days, lune. Schr. Mary Wise, Brewster. Rockland 6 days, lime.Schr Texas, Hall, Calais 7 diys. laths to master.Sc^r Julia,Noye*.Jonesboro13days,sparstomaster. Schr. Chi*f. Marble, Somerset 2 days.S^-hr Empire, PhUlip*, Southport 2 days.Schr. F . Hazard. Kibberts, Hartford fir KlizTbethport. S.'hr. A.M.EdwHrds,Edwards.Brookhitv«»n2days.Sohr Gertrude, Reeves. New-Haven for Elizabethport Scbr, » tllow Haip, Smith. Port Jellerson 12 hours.givingtothepoorandsickisblessed,butwhencharity this season theaudiencesattheAcademyhave beenPT«l*iimposed upon by mediocrity where they expected ex-cellence, and they begin to feel that they have some scarcely be expected in private. T h e sympathies a r e rights which operatic managers a r e bound to respect.is extended through the graceful forma of social fes-tivity it gains a certain charm and'laster which canTOURNAMENT.—KavanaghbeatTHEWhite quite easily on Monday afternoon, although theBILLIARD» ...u j ••'«wv.v.VUWH1?fl ,flDEPARTURESOLDIERS FORHUNDRED U.S. TEXAS.B YB axd Coax. .OAT» «te*dy »t 36c. for8( ' tbi«I»ft#roo<T>l,t(0bjish.loclearaboatat35icr:bag loti 65»» M«J --~ beensadlyinneed ofreinforcements,andthe author- 400tuna-»r«r*soldataresgeof60c.to*110forcoin*t^u*'*Br/iTAi^.Oct. 30,6p.m^-Fr>otrKqniet and «t«ady v£$ In proposing tbe first regular toast,'Mr. Nathan ities are at last able to fend a large number of soldiers nrroer, and holders asking an advance on Spring «nd CfcA11*!*'who are in favor of the Union, and tbe election of Cramer of Greene street chaunted thanks ia Hebrew, The United States Army in Texas has for some time Co. in lo*s at 64c. WHISKY 22C aalc.400bbla.^^1<i2t|> r 'PonticLincoln andHamlin respectively to thePresidencyand Vice-PreBidency of the United States, are cordiallywith a melodious and powerful voice.XA&$£ O LOWB8TB3 B jFresich'21o. CAXAX. FBBIOMTS firmer. 19c on Wheat 17*more than twelve hundred persons admitted into the serving there. To-day, the various recruiting rendez- New--York. IMX*PQORTK*—9,000 bbls. Flour, 165i&.m'&Jh' Whig M • O'clockCONGRESSIONAL.—Efforts are being made to fuse onone candidate in the let District against Carter. All been gratuitously cared for; and aleo said that it has will dispatch' all men enlisted by them since the Cal-Ss^wS? -Sccoj^fCavalry CompaniesTbe recruits for the let Dragoons and 2d Cavalry willlbe furnished by the Superintendent of the Mounted Becruiting Service; those for the 1st Artillery, by the Superintendent of the Eastern Department, and thosedemand forborne comnmpfion ;saleH lO.VOhnnh. IndianattSS. efl'.at Otb«r >rainK quiet CAXAZ. VHKIUHTH noiuinally $L same. LAXK IKPPRTS: 51.000 bush. Whent; 4,009 bush. Cstt CANAL EXPOKT«: 1 W0 bbls Flour; 79,000 bush. Wheat: 8,11 bush. Corn: 12,^0 bu«h. Barley.CHICAGO, O c t 30, 6 p. m.—YVOVK nctire. WITRAT dull, M 1c. lower; sales of 65,000 bush. a*85®86c. for North-W«st5 Club; 82i-®83ic for No. 1 ; TU^ms. for No. 2 in store. Cott'.-';••Re* J>. D . Demarest, Mr. Edward R. Talbot of New-York, toMiss Libbie P . Storm ofthe former place. ' JOlJEDr,BarkJ.A.Lee,Christian, GrandCay,T.I., Oct 20,salttoJJ censure.' A word must be said, however unwillingly, ALBURTIS—On' Saturday evening,, Oct 27, Carolina Tucker, M. Smith & Co. Oct 24, in tho Gulf, saw scbr. Frances, steer-Edward K » n d Clement W . Alburtis, and thoBe o f her late son-in-law1, Frederick W Barclay, a r e respectfully invited r o attend her funeral from S t Bartholomew's Church, o n Thurs- day, Nov.1,at3o'clock,withoutfurtherinvitation.8, salt to J . Foulke's S'ns. Been 10 days N. o f Hatteras.Bark Jane Daggett, Lambert, Glasgow S e p t 25, mds«. t o Dun-at 2£ o'clcck. The friends ofthe family are invited to attend.150OKWKOO, O it 30—6 p. m.—FLOVR steady: «*Ies small ^ , 5 . . cu'«>t; sc«rci*y of boats check* r partition*; sales 3,500 bcsh,)u.A r r i v e d.i>ri >... .- • . ••-' /' . .'^is/a^i't^A'^•^t^MiUila^l.-..•*.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^MHS •**'' ••••••.. - ••