 THE^NEHERALD.£T N O . 8790.PBICB TWO CENTS. DEATH BKF0KE DI8H0I0R.WHOLEIMPORTANT FROM EUROPE.<NArww»wwi*^ft»fyw»the 24 th of Febraary, Ok* revolt, In Uvting himself at the toeaeof of a colonel of th* National dioation of tbe King sad tbeaaldinuiot.REPUBLICAN CONGRESSIONAL CONVENTION. S O n COVGRSSSIOtfAL DISTRICT.The Convention held a protracted meeting,of tb* Ducbeni of Cristas; bat hi* barns waa Arrival of the Glasgow Off killed, himaalf woundad, and he waa onlytaTed by the intervention of soma workmen, who protected him from tbe fory of their wmraden. He refused the post of War smmnmrnadarmmtwaiajmwml gimaasssal. Duringtbe terrible days of June he fought under Gen. Caveignne lUpid Mm.**., tf die Sttduuaas against tbe insurgent*, and on tan 28th of that monthace- pted theportfaaOt 'of the War Department, which be belJ for six month*. He remained faithful to Cavaignac and attached himaalf to tbe most moderate taction of the democratic party. He offered bat little opposition toHALL CITY ASl> COUaW CONVENTION.O OF THE BOCGHfl OrTSTTtl—aTORCB ON HAND—PBOtEhTJIN(,3 OP ON—NOMINATION OP GBOBGK G. 8UPB1MB COCET, ABRAHAM B. RCS-BDWABD C WBBT FOB SCR- M'CTTNH FOB CITT JtTOGB, FOB REGISTER AX% CHRISTIANBOS SUPERVISOR.the Wood-Douglas city and county Con.A peculiar and truly.a»^a^^»tiSW«w<s***^%^iB*^**h^ArfB»*B)th*LAxbt Papa* States*fctiiin BatUe Between Victor EmuntTi Loi s Napoleon on hla accession to the coatroi of govern-asmseamsBBsawavwat Stent street, la the repasses and spparsntTroop*amithePope'slay, ivinL utrtni ur uwiv» *> uiviuviMt*.Preparations of Garibtldi ftt tbeVenetiaExpedition,?». josss, N. F., Oct 1 , i n k Ik* steamship Glasgow, from Liverpool on Wsnmaitay,mmtw» **%»*•QiWdBilmm30th, passed Cap* Bag* *t Pilot, ho waa aoanrdlngr/ arrested, and confined I have mid these hard things about the State of Missouri,•"andmuscularChristiansitbaaever r reporter to witness. The shoulder the hirelings or Tammany, sent eape- , to occasion a disturbance at Mozart hla, to gain possession of, th* Conven •information of tbe Intended demon- i Hole" pugs had been obtained carry . le preparations bad accordingly bo-n quell it In a very vigorous manner. Aforce was on band, under the personal Superintendent Kennedy, who appeared citizens'attire,andwasobservedmoving vigilant and suspicious fashion. The t out very systematically, and tbe en-were kept free from all Intrusion, well timed uieasuies and pretentions, banco took place and the proceeding* went off very Quietly.o'clock nearly all tbe delegates, hia brother Benjamin amongst them, The Convention organized by theC Genet, OT the Fifteenth ward, as stars.P.KerinaadSylvesterNolanaalegateswssthencalled,andtwonet*off " from the Eighth and Seventeenth discussion took place as to the coursebe pursued relative to the contestants, ettledinasatisfactorymanner,andthe upon immediately proceeded to the chiefimeeting, to-wit,thenominationor candi-we could not ascertain, pro- Lynch for the office of Register, and Ination by acclamation. This was car- i dissentient voice, and the result was hailedenthusiasm on the part of the delegate* i lobby cutaide. -•the Third Ward, next moved thenomina JGeorge G. Barnard forJusticeof theby acclamation, which was carried in [th* atsas style aft the nomination for Regis-Wimuis,tookthefloorimmediatelyfol- ird1* nomination, and proponed the aesal- Abraham D. Trues*!! b y acclamation, a*of the Convention for Recorder.proposed as an amendment, the nameMay, ax-Public Administrator. A oar- discussion succeeded, some aawjata* pro- TOteshoulihobyballot,others favoringUmoremoviBg for the appointment ofthe votes.far a time in the/fortress of Ham, bat Sheweeboardedbythenew*yachto{U*pTfiM,t&d subsequentlywastiansferredbythepolicetoCologne. »suntmaryofhernewsgbttlAed, Refusingtotakeoathunderthenewconstitutionpromul- The sow* te important. gated by the President, he became an exile, and from thatAssembly dtetrict.BondofAid, ThisbodymetlasteveningfPresideatPeck1Bthechair.Several papers were received and referred.happily aad contented; but, unfortunately, such was not thecase. At time* she would become quite melancholy, andcryasifherheartwouldbreak.Whenaassd what wasth*matter,barmvartabieanswerwas, " I am afraid m y bteathearted father wildtwo o'clock oa Sunday, September 30. sI have no hard sentiments about it or St. Louis, for 1 havegreatfaithandhope—any,absolutetrust—inProvi- dence. WhatMissouriwant*Itcourage,resolution, spirit, manhood—not consenting to take 6nly that privi-IntactadvicesbythewayoffQuoumlownarethatthey had beaten General lamoriciere, with great loam.TheweathertnEnglandhad beenrainy,butwttt«Bia finer at the nailing of the Gtoagow.1857, when, on tbe death of one of hla children who bad remained in France with his wife, the Emperor granted him permission to return.His connection with the Papal army if a muter of more recent date, and is consequently familiar to our readers.completefreedomorspeech. ButIhavefulltrustthatit will all come right in the end; that in ten years you will double your population,and that in fifteen or twenty years you will have four millions of people. To secure that yon have but to let every man who* comes hero,Agent posed Mr.mentsfromJuly1to8epUmber30wereasfollows—On trust accounts... A S1S32B81 On city accounts J. L l,4»i,222Accepted,and500copiesorderedtobeprinted.Alderman Troaurr pits—ted a resolution to Increase the salaries of th* general clerks in tan Strom Department.ThecoHummcementofncivilsuitforabductionagain** Mr. Griffiths b y Josephine's father, served to increase Iterfears,endaoheavilysattheenhlr weigh npon her' mind that ahe possessed aasaatf of a revolver, andrises almost from the ranks to the command of tbe Fourth divisionIntheSardinianarmy,beingpromotedtothe »of Lieutenant General on the field of battle. Beingquiet but steady v LIVESPOOL PBOnrcE MASEET.There were load calls for Gen. Nye, to which he re- sponded. While he w u speaking the two great republi- canleadershadafewwordsofgeneralconversationin tbe car, within the hearing of those around them. Theyexpressedthemselvessatisfiedastotheresultof.the election.veututionj nail!i make their nominations at once. - He had no I to it, and did not believe in moving, as though iintbemarkettobesolaout.t.MtsxRY then moved to amendlMr. Halsey's mo^pointingacommitteetoconferwith'allother ties, and report the result at the next meet-delegate wished to appoint a committee or setae? nominations, and report to the nextTbe report of the Committee on Finance, in favor of Avowed Object was to get rid of the otd man- Unfor-concurring with She Board of Councilmen to appropriate innately for Nichols, it weald seem tindb*jr*ali occa- SB00 for the expanses of tbe funeral of the late MajorMortonFaircntld,Waarecommitted,becauseabillof sionallyfrequentpublichousesincompanywithbnw.f«,moataaPrealdeatofth*republic,butdisapprovedafthecurs* of erenta then transpiring in Inly. Afterwards,booming on* of the representatives or the people ia theGeneral Assembly, he was one of the suuncbestdefenders of the republican constitution. In July, IMS,at tbe moment of the Interrention of the Russian arm* in man, but he found himself out or plac* hero. (A voice— Hungary, ha waa sent upon an extraordinary mission toMr. Bayes received sixteen v signed to the enect that he is the didate.anda nartiftnat*tb* Court of Si. Petersburg, where, notwithstanding the of tb* Hungarians, he was well received by the bat, on hearing of the dismissal of the Odllton"You're at home,") Hero, said he, are the pooploof Missouri, who ask me to make a speech-, and at the same time there are laws as to what kind of speech I may make. ThefirstdutythatyouowetoyourcityandyourselvesfatherandtmanwmSwar*useless,dischargedJesspahtsr journed until Thursday evening next, at the same place. and told her to go back to her friends. Altar staying n few months longer In Mtendaegal •treat, the girlby javi-December, on the occasion of the faamna coup is the truth. (Mingled surprise and ap- probation on the part of the crowd.) ThoughTkeaardiniaaaJ^takear^rTMEiaiadSpotettO.tBdtha time resided in Carmany, Belgium and England, down to lege of speech that slaveholders allow, but insisting onThewhich m.wu_as fin? onvenwon business* date*.By the Auditor'sreportIt appears that the ditburse- com* here same day aad take me away, anal I would rather die than live with him."An official letter from the Foreign Office my* that Mr.lisdmyhaa no authority to negotiate with the American It appears that he reaelved the pro forma consent of the from whatever State or nation, speak out what he proposedBy the Comptroller'sat the close of business cording to the returns off Treasurer, appeared to be: Balance, September 20 ReceiptsToOlthreatened to shoot her rather, and beraair too, IT any at- that the balance tempt waa made to deprive bar of her freedom. Mr*. 29, ac- Griffiths need every means to quiet the foam ot the)gtisMsainl retativ* to ihipping totetesta.The Great ia*tern b*U beta laieiy placed QB U * f i i -Ire* atMlltord.it wasreportedfromTouloa lhatS'apsieoo wasfiredatEmperor to accept she command offered by nil Holiness, and he has since acted in that capacity.The battle recorded above, ia which he hat bean worsted, isthefirstinwhichhe hasbeenengaged inthebelieve* will promote the welfare and interests of man- kind. What surprised me In Kansas was to aae the vast improvements made there within six years, with so lit- tle wealthor.strengthamong her people; anlwhatsurwith aadMa. Bas ticn orChamberlain and County heartbroken creature, but iuvain; despair took session of her soul, and she da!armload to and allSupreme Try aa taaaae man in that city. Tbe man'a aim waa Papal dominions. What ewe will follow in hia chequered prised me in Missouri was that with such a vast territo- pretty..«j^.....-•...l,ooi,»*oby a bystander, and no h a m was done. The i wave client on the subject,to lay a lubmariac cable between Touloncareer is yet to be deralopedia the daily unfolding chap- ters of Italian history.There was an unconfirmed rumor that the Pops had Sad from Home. l b s event waa generally speculatedry and such great resources, there was so little of popu- lation, improvement and strength to be found, (taint manifestations of approval) I ought not, perhaps, to talk the** thing* to yen. I should have begun at the other end of the story, though a citizen of any otherMs. lowingthe*or Mr. i tain I DcsincttvTh*(I •••»••afasm Asassxast••••••••> •*>!j333,6o3i of oouon at LiTerpool on Monday and Toeaday 11,000 bales, hi UBcbuied price*. Wednesday'srXOTO* AQCXStCI BOARD—TH* CORMITTES KX1-0ST THAT ran cnARoaa AUX SKFTTSD. »Tbe following report was received. The reading wasalso tmoohtrmed rumors that Lamoriciere, Stat* baa a* much liberty hare as th* citizens with 0,000 man, waa marching towards the Neapolitan of Missouri; but he hat less liberty than I like. I Liverpool breadstuffs market wae firm, and all frontiers with a view of nawOtasg a junction With the want mote than you nave. I want to apeak whatware 10,000 baJea-the market clomag firm.Iadvanced stigbtiy under tbe influono* of uafavorabl* crop weather. „ .The LiTerpool nrortcion market was onlak Ooneol* war* quoted on Thursday at 93 \ a 83T» The Pari* Boorte waa haaTy. ReatoafXCMc*OPERATIONS IN THB P AP AL STATES.CAPTCW OP rESt'GU, PrOlBPTO AND OTHBB ITALIA* TOWNS—DEFEAT OP LA3*0*lClBnS, AND pawaivnoN o » TBJS POPK'4 ABMT—SgJsMJBp OF OALDINI AXD hAStOcWlEBh.; to oar preriooa intelligence from the Papaj , it appears that the troop* of Victor Emannel had I Psngm and war* marching on General Lamori- l#Thdan, with whom It was expected they wouldNeapolitan troops. '- ' - I think, instead of what a Missourian thinks. I think you From our latest despatches It will be observed Chat a are in a fair way of shaming your government into aa battle had taken place and resulted in the defeat of the enlightened position. You are in the way of being Gar-suspended and one thousand copies ordered to be print- ed-TO TRB HOBOBABIR TBS BOARD 01 AlDBRMIS —Papal troops, by the force under Cialdini.The steamship Nora Martian, when entering the Mersey,at eleven o'clock on tbe morning of the 19th, grounded in Boote Bay, and remained when tbe Glasgow left Liver- pool, whilo lighter* wars taking oat bar cargo.Tbe VandorbUt arrived at Southampton on the 19th ult.The steamship City of Baltimore, from New York, ar- rived at Liverpool on th* 20th.The Glasgow baa fifty-one cabin and three hundred andman*red into it. I would much rather you had got into It by being Americanized instead of Germanized; bat It ia better to come to It through that way than not to eome toitatalL It was through theGermanaGermanutng Great Britain that Magna Chartawas obtained, and that that great charter of English liberty came to be the charter of the liberties or the sons or England throufhout the whole world. Whatever lie* In my power to do to bring iato suc- cessful sad practical operation the great principle that this government 1* a. government for free men aad not for slavers or slaveholders, and that this country is to be the home of the exile from every land, I shall do as••••••••••Craven, a* Engineer, and Ttomat B. Tappen, as Assistant Commissioner pf the Cretan Aqueduct Board, respectfullyfifteen steerage passengers.She experienced heavyThat prevlous to the assembling of the committee a note bad been addressed by the committee to bis|Hoeor the Mayor, requesting him to appear before them on the investigation of the charge* preferred by him, with whtehmaqoaat hat Boner refused to comply.That en the second meeting of your committee, held on the eleventh day of September, ulti, Messrs. Craven and Tappen both appeared before your committee aad read their written answers to the charges contained In tbei a battle. wrthaveaowac«oM|taa«thaamWinmBa IMPORTANT MOVEMENTS OP GARIBALDI. you are going to do by supporting Abraham Lincoln for •ormeoeago* of tbe Mayor, which answers were verified by covery might be effected, saying she a as determined to• • * ' " ' ** aaspaj aaa^aan^ *n*nnn^|i|nnnnnnynnj •EwaWSal It waa reported that Garibaldi waa exclusively occu-i,lncmdmg General ScbmMt. President, and Hannibal Hamlin for Vic* President.pied ia organizing aa armv and navy, tbe lormor to con- (Cheers)cornelthem under oath, and are hereto annexed.That the said answers having been read, each or saidofficers expressed his desire aad anxiety to have tbe charges preferred against him thoroughly examined.That his Honor foiled to attend this meeting of themltteeateo.Thai your committee thereupotTairected their clerk toaerre upon hmJMtjar copies of the answers of Messrs. Craven and Tappen, and adjourned to tbe seventeenth ult., in order to give his Honor an opportunity of diaput tag the truth of said anaweVs if he desired to do so.die. and that if the got well she would make a second at- tempt at suicide. Her manner wai quite eool, aad in a clear aad distinct voice she related the cacao Which impelled her to the commission of tho rash act. The story of her wrongs, a* re- counted to Dr. Burdick, Mr. Griffith* and others, rung this way:—Her father at oae time waa engaged in tbe livery busi- ness, and well on, but of lata years by Tevmses of fortune be waa reduced to penury. Driven to desperation, no resoited to tbe most unnatural means to obtain a liveli-aa wan iwaihwdty stated in tan Hs*it», Perugia ia sist of 150,000 men, while firs hundred Teasel* are to beof Mr. Mr. Seward lad party left St. Louis this morning for Thisinoted aa being the city in which moral amerian citi- sens, tactadmg tbe Perkins family of Bonton, received groas lndignitie* at the hands of the Papal troop* some- thing like a year ago. These troops were then command- ed by Colonel Schmidt, who was promoted tobeaGene- tnl.andaow, aa stated above, ia a priaoner to VictorIk* citadel of Sjoletto bad capitulated, and the garrison, Six hundred atteng, ware taken prisoner*.this la a city of Central "Italy, in the Poatiii sal State*,capital.of a legation, and formerly of a Lombardy iBTitation to the Emperor of Austria to visit Warsaw.Duchy, strongly placed on an iaoUted rocky hill,twenty• tour mile* north of Rieti. Population at mat census 6,115 It is connected, aeros* a deep ravine, with aa adjacent height by a noble btldge and aqueduct six haat«'*dead fifteen feet in height.It has a massive citadel, a cathedral, with interesting works of art, a Roman area, and remains of a thousand other antiquities. It Is an archbishop s see of very early date, and has manufactures of woollen* and hats. Under the French it was the capital of the department or Thrasymene.The Sardinians bad Mao occupied numerous other places. aGeneral Cialdini was advancing against Aneona, and tbe lata Neapolitan fleet bad arrived to amist him in the attack on that locality.ThU place waa the headquarters of Gen. Umoriciere. ItwaanodoubtinthetriangleformedbyPerugia,Spoletto nam Aneona that the decisive defeat of Lamoricier* tookOn th* entrance of the Sardinian troops on this cam paign Victor Emanuel issued tbe following proclamation, which explains h s noUsy la the present position of Italianaffairs—Sow>im»-You eater the Marches and Cmbfi* to restore civil order la anaahdad towns; to gtve the people liberty So express their own wishes. Von have not to fight pow- erful armies, but only to deliver unhappy Italian prorincea from the presence ot oampaalea of foreign advenshrers.Yew are act to avenge any injuries done to me or to Italy, hut etamty to prevent popular hatred from biaakmg out against tbe oppressors. Tea are to teach by your ex ample tbe pardon of offencts and Christian toleration to thosewho compare the lor* of oar Italian countryto hnsailrir Being at peace with all tbe great Powers, and averse to all provocation, I intend to make a continual cause of disturbance and discord disappear from the centreseveral officers of high rank had been shot at Damas- cus. '*The Bombay August man would probably be forwarded by the Arago, from Southampton 19th, for New York. Th* news bad not transpired.THE VERY LJCTEST.SAUCYThe the coreof shirt bosom, tbe collar being turned down over a John*CWBEY SESSION—ADJOCTtNMEKY CNTO. FRIDAY, ETC* |September, ult.That at this aad the previous meeting Messrs. Cravenmad* for war parpens*.Thar* were indications that ha intends going toKossuth was expected at Naples.Tbe only foreign Ministers remaining at Naples worethe British, French,Sardinian and American. The latter was very unwell.• Gen. Scitori was appointed commander of the a m y in the Dictator's absence.Chicago.At Springfield, where Mr. Lincoln resides, there was acrowd awaiting th* arrival of the train, and a salute wasfired aa it approached the station. Thar* waa a rush iato smith:Ashes steady; pots, u:s. 9d. a 2*3.; pearls sot quoted. Rosinsteady common,5s.Id.a5s3d. Spiritsturpen- he want to Spain, where he espouesd the cause of tine dull at 31ft. 9d. s 32s, Sugar steady. ICollee dull.particulars was dot furnished, f TbereportortheCommittee,onFinance,infavorofdonating $2,000 tb the Five Points House of industry, was adopted.The Board adje§irned to Thursday next, fit fire o'clock.when they would drink together; a***nBttarday Bight, thecouplewerethusengagedisthsgroceryofPmerEm- Bons which they both taft sumcteotly intoxicated t o a.ht «hen they reached their home, a small bouse i a S f w o o d s ^ ^ r i T o ^ ^ Dsriagthejla 184* he wi representative of St.to the Calais, iaas (be ot tbe1000 TallmadgeBenev.am.10 00, E ^ Warded ^J>TM*'£Ztoleavehianative countryfrompoliticaltrian*, and for a time his life waa ia great danger. In 1849, at Mortara, at La Sporzeaca, and at Norara, he'eo- Tared himaalf with glory, charging at th* bead of hisTallow quiet at 52*. 3d. a 523. 81. Linseed oil 31s.TUB LATEST MARKETS.LIVERPOOL. Sept. 20. I860.regiment, though still suffer|ng from his severe wound.On the breaking oat of the Crimean war his aerrees closed lirm at full prices.Mr. Seward reached Chicago this evening. He wascent enterprisesjor this character were •W^JfJJ^fjfvTContributiWboth In books and money, *****"JJ* saturated" with blood. The circumstance was. however,aroro again called into requisition, and again he distin- guished htmastf, first as Brigadier Colonel sad then as of Division, to which rank bewas]pro-rally made, coti by Victor Emtnuel for the bravery displayed in Consols 93 >i a 83f4'. the Mveral encounters of his division.pleasure in a ments omh* tumbler with which tbe deed had been evi- .iit»,t>iMhers and merchantsof theeltyofihr- dently perpetrated were acattered about tbe floor. Mr*. f ' ' r J ^ i a ^ l a n o s ^ l ^ e h a p e of books, and the en- Nichols waa subsequently taken into custody by the con- stable, ia a neighboring shanty. When arr*~led,s*. ad-• ikXIKAh LAMORICIkBl.Aid for th* Syrian SuiTertrs.The Committee for the Relief or the Destitute and Suf-anvention, with a view of effecting a union with Hall organisation, adjourned to meet this»urg. » Ward Beehber ,i James T. Brady, Esq., when the meet a quarrel, but denied that ahe had used a tumbler as «SIXTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT. log adjourned, ong tbe characteristic remarks of the weapon, iivention for this district met Jast evening in former speaker stated that it ought to be the leedlag Oa Sugdav afternoon, Justice StilweU held sa inquestLmaroot, Sept. 19, I860, LTTEliPOOt COTTON MARICT.should say something about the temper and disposition of the State of New York. The State of New York wtU give a generous and cheerful and effective support to your neighbor, Abraham Lincoln, I have beard about combinations and coalitions there, and I have been urged from the beginning to abandon this journey and turn back on my footsteps. Whenever I shall find any reason to suspect that tbe majority which the State of New York will give for tbe Republican candidate, will be less than 00,000, (Cheers) I may do so. The State of New York never falls—never flinches Shams* been com-IAISST objected to an adjournment, and moved littee of conference be appointed to confer aer national parties, with a view of uniting oni was declared out of order, whenLAUD moved that when the Convention ad- djourn to meet on Friday evening,outroversy aad considerable confusiou followed,, Indicating a general break up; the question, i finally adopted,The sales of cotton on Monday and Tuesday Wore 16,000 bales, including 5,000 to speculators and exporters. The market was unchanged, closing quiet but steady.STATE OP TRADE.The advices from Manchester are favorable. The mar- mitted from the beginning, aa she will be to the end,i was made by Mr. Quia, of the Fifth ward, thatketwas quiet,hutproducerswerefirm. UTERrOOL BHKADBTOFFS MARKET.under all circumstances, to tbe great principles of tbe Republican party. Shevoted toestablish thisalandof freedom for you in 1787. She sustained tbe ordinance of '87 till you were able to take care of yourselves.ACtI *BD—ILL»i At • 1-ROCRRDINUS.The inhabitants af the township of Graveeend, LongThe weather has born unfavorable for the crops, but Is Among th* first acts or her government, she of Italy. / intend to r^tpeet Uu throne of tke Chief of the finer at the close. Wakefield, Nash A Co. and Richard- abolished slavery for herself. She has knownChMt-cXtt* t'kom I am aZtaaya ready to give, t* concert with the *aud and /rtendly Po«wt, ail thorn ptarantee* of in 1 tenanty wMck Ait bHnd advitem have in t hoped from the Jamticim «f the perverie ssef w-htchSOD, Spence & Co. report flour firm, and lower qualities6d. a la. higher; sale* at2Ss. 6d. a 31s. <ii, Wheat firm;nothing of compromises, nothing of condition or qualifica- tion in this great principle, and she never will. She will sustain your distinguished neighbor because she knows that be is true to his great principle, and when she hasthere,seemed to be an Impression that a aquad jitters" had found their way into the Conven- ery one insisted that all but himself were die- i Chair finally decided that the call for the i waa out of order. Mr. Qulg appealed from Another decidedly racy time ensued on that eyeasaadnayswerecalled,resultinginpen, Assistant Commissioner or the Croton Aqueduct Board, as requested by the mjBJBagft of bis Honor, tbe Mayor, dated July eleventh and eighteenth, 1800, respec-fine red 2d. a 3d. higher, and common red Id. a 2d. higher;agaimtt my attfJwnfy and the liberty of the nation. white unchanged. Corn firm, scarce, aad Is. higher; helped to elect him, by giving as large a majority aa can1 '* jThe report of t&* Committee on Salaries and offices, la-1 am aoeuaad of ambition. Ye* t I have that offrestoringtheprinciplesofuwralordertnItaly,andor mixedandyellow34a.a84a.fid;white,37a.a38e.fWfiSk.be given by any half dozen other States, then you will findthatshewillaskless,exactleas,fromhim,andsup- port him more faithfully than any other State can do. lhat is the way she did with John Qulncy Adams, that isSESTCB OF OEVkBAL 11AI.DrKI.He is a native of Modena, a soldier of fortuae, and baa firm. Bacon steady. Lard steady at ti£. % 61s. Tallow she will sustain Gen. Linaaln. (Loud cheers.)GEO. STARR.preserving; Europe from the continaalrtaaaar*.of revolu- l i o n a n d w w ai r .LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARSET. 'Beef heavy aad buyera demanding a reduction. Pork the way the sustained Gen. Taylor, and that is the ways Chair—yeas 52, nays 18.SSY then renewed hia motion to appoint a com- favor of concurring with the Board of Ccuncilmen to in- mealed with that curse of the in«rrmge, stain,Rice quiet. ' 4 LONDON MARKETS.Mr. Lincoln said—Twelve years ago you told me that' this cause would be successful, and ever smct I have be- lieved that it would be. Even If It did not succeed now, my faith would not be shaken.th* UboraJaT He commenced aa a lieutenant, and wasthere for seven years, and fought so brarely that be waapromoted to tb* rank of colonel, and resolved from theQueen the order of " Isabella the Catholic." Ia 1548, re- ofls. a 2i per qjiarter on foreign; inferior qualities un- place not definitely understood. They left the car for the turning to his own country, he engaged in the struggle saleable. Sugar quiet, and some descriptions easier, but purpose in Mr. Lincoln's company, but, finding that theTBX WOMAN'S IJ}BRARY.—This institution. which has been flrttu would seem, tbe woman atrnck h « husband n recently organized und opened, was formal! inaugurated blow with a tumbler, cutting hla temple tn two places in the rear of the hall succeeded ia obtaining lunt evening at t i e church of Rev Dr. Chapin, on Broad- and breaking the glass to fragments. One of the cutai the chair, and moved to lay the whole ques- way. A large a|dienoa was in attendance, notwithstand- opened sa artery, and though the wound waa not fatal table This aroused the fire of a portion or ing the inclement condition or tbe weather. The meeting or necessity, yet being unattended to all Bight, the oldWheat firm tor good, and holders demand an advanceAn Invitation was extended to tbe party to go to someeentiemen jumped to the Moor to speak, but atialn would only stop a few moments, they turned back, against Austria in the quality of a colonel. Bo was dan- quotations unchanged. Coffee buoyant. lea in but little shook bands with tbe President expectant, and resumedsjaroualy wounded at Vtcenxa, in a battle with the, Aus- inquiry, and prices weak. Rice firm and 3d. higher. their seats. Mr. Seward was cheered as the train sweptttes and a decidedly spunky time followed. The was called to order by the Hoq. Henry J. Raysaond, Pres- man bled to death.nay's Were finally taken, and the motion was ident or the Boald of Truste-s, who m«de as address, ana It further appeared that the woman, who bad retired!through tbe town.MR. SEWARD'S RECEPTION AT CHICAGO. CHICAGO, Oct. 1, I860.Cotton—The sales yesterday were 10,000 bales, in-cluding 1000 to speculators and exporters. Tbe market escorted to the Trcmont House by Wide Awakes. An»tion of Mr. WAo-rtR, the Cenveatioa then ad- til Friday evening.tNY CONGRESSIONAL CONVENTIONS. FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT,reported the sattefsctory success of the undertaking, xneinstitution wiislrganized under a special charter oi ineState Legislature, under which twelve gentlemen ueiiknown to theomn'mnnitv for their t-articipetion t» a c -aa if nothing unusual had occurred, slept till morning, when she arose and proceeded to a neighboring tavern for her accustomed morning draught. So unconsclousi waa she that there waa anything wrong about her, that she did not even observe that her bands aad clothe* wereBreadstuis steady and firm, Provisions quiet.Rosin dull at Sa. for common,immense assemblage was congregated la front of the hotel. Among tbe ladies on tbe balcony was Lady Franklin, to whom Mr. Seward paid his respects. Mayor Went- worth presented Seward to tbe audience. In the course of his remarks he mid that the " irre- pressible conflict began with the fall of man, and was brought to this country when the free sollers landed at Plymouth Rock, and when the slaveholders putturned meeting of the Firth Congressional districtJon was held last evening, at tbe corner fir Grand in l niversiiyThfs French General, whose name has of lath becomefamiliar to the public la connection with military opera- fering in Syria acknowledge the receipt of the following their back Iato Jamestown. The people demanded thatterpriso ia re,Dg r.Tther .mMauce^in w ^ lBaa<mrishta^ c^B,atk>u.tions ia the Papal States, waa bora at Nantes on the 5thsums since the last report.— i the legitlation ot tbe country should be reformed, andof February, \<m. Receiving his education at the Poly- George....Rev. H. D. Wardtefchaic School, and completing his military studies at Alexandria..4Mats, he entered the corps of Engineers and became a Rossie. N. Y .. D., Baltimore.that the constitution should have an honest, old fashioned5 OS Farmmgton. Mass .S-'l 00 Interpretation. (Cheers) They also asked that Mr.20 00 Pros. Oh_. Augusta,nL 5 00 Seward should sit in the Senate until they should takeS« 00 rnl-W. Lie manyoftheFrenchgenerals,he Samuel N. Kilgore,Texai 7 T . . Rtf. Dutch Ch. (Dr.2 50him out of it four yearsthence, and make him tbe succes- sorOfanhonestandablestatesman.ra gathered ia the neighborhood, who seemed igreatinterest in what wasgoingon,andwho the announcement of the result come to witha library. In with every newh be should add a afaolf full of new books aby. Ni.tabedtb.ingto"do"allaiO'ind.*>t l o t e l l l g e a t c e .inflicted by hi* wife. Mrs Niebote was then committed to jail to await tbe action of the Grand Jury.Someobjections havebean raisedon theactiontakes!i h.s early advancement to the Africaneonanaat, in LrChaacerord.Pa.. 1 00 which be first served a* captain of theZouavee. Be Mrs. R. A. Reed, LowerHuttoa), Wash, eq 128 57 Christ's Ch., Forest-10 00Mr. Seward made a brier address, ia tbe course whichh* said:—Neither you nor I have any power to disturb tjTlt those of our follow clttseos in the Southern States whoby Justice StilweU, ia sitting sa Coroner in this cans.participated la eighteen campaigns, rose rapidly from grade to grade until 1S47, when, aa waa supposed, he completed h* military career byainmasfal strategy whichresultedinthecaptureofAbdel-Kadar,anathe Grand Croat of th* Legion of Honor waa conferred uponport, N. Yt p m f at the New York Hotel. which a sudden or susplctoos death takes ptaoe I* absent,at War m ha hyTatar*,ate**andBarrot,intheeventoftbeoftheoverthrowoffLoomPhilippe.howeyer, did aotpror* awflOtamnlr WIm asecond urn? fSh^JBUBh Wirt two votes: pWolf*,twelve »u»fli^W^?mJrJS;,*'!f,,S?m Mj, Wolft bSTlRf raoaJTfd the me^orit, ojj u»fit h *Newtown, L- 1 23 82a R e f W. D n l u A t c n h l t l C h , N e w -1*30 « bee*mved. MSBintervention latb* State* byfreemenisland; Mr. Derma and lady, or Fngtaad; H. R. Payaon aad W.B.Ogden.bOthofChioagO:BTBertram,ofConnecti-tionaatortghtfa!laadkadship.Theyanpayrente.ate\stanaton,va....T7r; 21 ao1 lldatat w*re put..In "O" "*^,-W. Syms, or Philadelphia; J. 8. Tillman aad family, ofBaltimore. H. Schoileld, of Saratoga, E. & Smith. of LongChanceford, Pa 1 00 ,8. Y. T . . . . . w t . . . . . . . BOO t J P - B1 by acclamation.T. N. PW., Detroit...S 00 • S 00Ftret Cong'l Society, 55 42 WUliamstown,Ma« 2 00A^Ho5uT»0CTS,t^'" **P. W. Bmotf, bamjJohn Sneid0"! P*?*u«Jf tb* United states Army; Dr. Smith, of h0W9 •?*hJdI'lf MSwCt*e*ns:J.C.Manbury,ofGeorge-*ownTMW„^LRo!"'or,!?blW,;TSher-St. James (Spia) Ch., G. WoteottLONDON,Sept.W-A. %SI 00 HallisEraagelicalCh. 7 00 James S.Wells.Austin,; saloon, basement of the Ltforge House, for the idea or every risen, first, to fount a home, that it to on thai body, when the jury returned a verdM* Iof nominating a: representative to Congress. A get married;' _I, tofoundanurery, and third, to found that Nichols' death was canted by woondsby the Wideof which be spoke.*j^^*ssaap was ss^^w w • * A I U savCOOliVENTION.ot Missouri, bat to aa*to his gratitude and respect. Missouri couldcare at herseif; aha did not care for republican Mozart Hall pslaoajwsa, but warred with them altogether. Jt crowda at forty years ago Missouri had chosen to be a freeStats, aha would sow have t o o millions ofpeople instead of one million. He was a plain spoken man,and here was talking treason in th* streets or St. Louis.at*t at the Rainbowto the Pewter Mug, father to induce nor totendthe life of aHe could not talk anything else if he talked as an honesthe demanded his recall. Fromthistime IS to repeal and abrogate every law on your statute book;the Amenably, of which he was several times Vice President, was employed in counteracting the designs of LouJ* Napoleon. On the morning of the 2dthat prohibits a man from saying what his honest Judgment and sentiment and heart tell' him. / KINGS COTJNTjf POLITICS. tatioa went to the residence of Mr. Enoch Griffith, a mar-ftXTW AmamaiT DISTRICT —At a Convention of the con-ried gentleman residing at Sal Wem Thirty-sixth street. stitutional Union party, held at St South Fourth street, With Mr. Griffith's ntmlly, whom she had known fromWilliamsburg, test evening, Mr. Robert D. Woodland waa her infancy, one would suppose that she would have lived! unanimously nominated aa their candidate for the Sixthand about tbe windowa of the car in which Mr. Sewardhim by toe hand was Mr. Linsoln himself. HI* portralm Wood,bear a sufficient resemblance to him to make recognition easy, and yet he is not by any means so hard featured and almost repute!ve looking aa they represent him. OaThat on that day your committee again assembled forthe purpose of proceeding with the investigation, but hood, namely. tbe prostitution of U s daughter. But finding that owing to some oversight of the clerk tbe Josephine, who according to ail accounts was a good a n lA Russian envoy bad arrived at Vienna with a formal the contrary, while no one would call him a good looking BELL man-, neither would,anyone be repelled by his aspect.blacksilkneckercbief. HismannertoMr.Sewardwaa LivsRpooi, Sept. 20,1800. I marked rather by deference and respect than cordiality,The steamship Nora Seotlaa floated off yesterday. and • Mr. Seward himself seemed to avoid friendly ad-The steamship City ot Baltimore, from New York, ar- vances—a little unusual for him.The from wer|admit vexed gate*.Mr. Belli chairman, and Jas. Forbes as secretary. [was called, and it was found that delegates wards but the Third, Fourth and Twentieth St. A long controversy was bad upon the | of the delegates from the Second ward. The ,n was Dually settled by admitting the deie-then moved that the Convention adjourn"-'of October, and said in support of bis mo- wanted the party to look about before they they might retain the confidence of the peo-steadily refused to appear before your committee, or to takeasingleatoptowardsthesubstantiationofthose charges.The sworn answers presented by Messrs. Craven and Tappen are, tn the opinion of your committee, thorough refutations of tbe charges of the Mayor, and cast upon him the burden of proving his allegations.Thia be baa failed to do, aad your committee can there 'fore draw ao other inference than that he has become satisfied from a perusal of the answers that the charges contained in his two messages were erroneous and un-true.It is, at all events, tbe opinion of your committeerived at LiTerpool to-day.General lamortciere and troop* bare been defeated withgreat leas by she Sardinians.sssmaaanrnwaaaaSalCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE* LONDON MONEY MABJCET.Tbe London money market was quiet but steady.ConsolsclosedonTuesdayat81a93}«for money, tad 33;» a 93.'4. for account.AXBRICAS ssjensmn,The latest quotations are for Illinois Central shares, IT.1;discount; do. seven per cent bonds, 76.; Brie share*, 28}£ a 2* '•:; United States fires, 93; New York Central snares, 79a78;4.*The crowd commenced to vociferate for Seward, and finally succeeded In getting him out to the platform. After alluding to the extent of his trip, he said :—1 am nappy to express, on behalf of the party withwhom I am travelling, oar gratitude and acknow- lodgmeuta for this kind and generous reception at thehome or your distinguished follow citizen, our excellentand honored candidate for ttte Chief Magistracy of the Uon United States. If there la in any part of the country a acted, deeper ittereat felt tn his election than there is in any pie byotherpart,Itmuttofcoursebebore,where hehasliveda life of usefulness; where be is surrounded by the com-panions of bis labors and of his publla services. We arehappy to report to you, although we'have travelled overa large part of the country, we have found no doubtfulStates. (Applause.) You would naturally expect that I viewaf I what was their duty to do.hethought therewasachancetother recovery;but be w u afraid tbe bullet bad passed through and through tbe stomach, and lodged •omewbere in the spina) region, ia which case death wis almost certain.Josephine requests that her father may not be per- mitted to accompany her remains to their last reeling pltoe, and also says she does not wish to be buried in Greenwood. She did not give the reason for her malike tothecemeteryinMuestion.butit is supposedthat she has a horror df being interred ia the family buryingground, where she might some day lie beside the author of her being and destruction alike.The case Is a rery remarkable oae, and when it comes to be tavretttatfd by the Coroner many additional tacts of interest waree developed.Alleged Murder at Graresend.A COLORED WOMAN ACCUSED OF MIBDER1M! HER Hi-i:\Nl)—i.REAT, .SXCITBMSNT—ARRESTOF TUBon Sunday morning, from a report that prevailed that an elderly, respectable colored man, well known in the , ommunity, named Frank Nichols, had been murdered - y his wife, a colored woman. Nichols bote the character of an industrious man, of quiet and peaceable im- position; but he is mid to have been tor-, . . 2 00 maiataia slavery, aad having no power we have 1 00 no responsibility. We need not fear that right, and justice, and humanity wUt not prevail laSEVENTH CONKRBSSIONAI. DISTRICT.from the Ninth, Sixteenth and Twentietn•300*0S AMkaaT•••••*•«••**•*) mUO this world, even though we are not la the HeldE.J.MJ.M.MFriends,Augusta....1200 j.• * aoowhere battles for It are to be fought or what* tattractions for it are to he given. These have six or the thirteen slave States of th* confederacy by the oit'teai pf those States thesaselve* with- outinterference or interventjrn from abroad. AllthetthCongressional district AldermanWU- t,oftheTwentiethward,wasa| ,cbait-i Mr. James Graham, of tb* Njati meeting was organized at e t g h t f j ^ f * ! , * ^DeTectnon,ofMaryland. U, toW,U t mMkinquestIs illegal,be hasbean guiltyoffate*batprmoa- ment.thelaconveniencesthatmightarisefromwhich, are obvious.Tax Wan Wassnaanes aUxxn ooarrsn Ainosr Srnui.—ThetenantsorWestWashiagton markethave, by concerted action, *ttU*d,at lsw* Iw a wh*U, lb* ques-. t h e r e t h a t r e m a i n m a y b e l e f t u n d e r t h e i n c r e a s i n g i n FirmCong'lCh.aad town,L.Lmtt-MSO00r!uenoeeofChristianity,tomynothingofpolicy,tode-h dmei-fcon. 1/i-i.ke The result of the > h r s t r f ° *raWy!s*tra,Bwan.67 2$nrvmaBBBSts• • • • # • • » * • • • • • • • *liver themselves from th* our** from which we havecut, and Mms POttit, or Virglntarwr* stopping at the t'nionOu.THos tat Judge Irwla,both ofArizona,and W. Richardson,ortheR>y*JNavy,*/* stoppingsttbeSt,Nicholas Botai, >the city tisenary, taaongh the esDaowir of ifiW^*"V" Yemerday tbenumofsSie waspaid tar h**'^.**? itlshopsd that matters will be £ * £ • J * ^ ' * afewdays,eothat sotsar*sJflgBSwSSasBjTSOOSrran,petting tttis jufltre naajEtr.Previously Total ire^fuTis"..........15,610 77•#«•*.*....••»••....••.............aso^st|BfWjtA,»)OTfl,irtajfifW,»i>«UWT«et,is bat hair of the motive of the republiuan party. Noo- mteneallwi by slaveholders tn the territories ofthe TJatte*Statesattheresidua (Cheers.)) Ml, tsyWtIf!*** beje fraaffftf•> # Untitled Document^ ^^ ^T Zveation last*<FIRST DISTRICT —Thia Omn Hotel last evening, anwhere considerable confusionAfter a great deal af trouble bstasj was taken, whenhitters' daily, it is i Ball,! 'BsvxsTn DISTRICT.-This Contention met last night at the corner or Broadway and thirteenth street, but ad- journed until this evening, without effecting a m>mination.Tmrrs DisTRiCT.-Adjourned. to meet next Thursday evening at Smith's, corner of First avenue and tieventh street. ; - _BEECEWRlDGg ABfflmT CONFRRTlOOTL shavmna DISTRICT.—The Breckinridge Assembly Noml- nating Convention of the Eleventh district met last even- ingcornerofNinthavenueandTnlrtyfirststreet,butad-Gto. delegat ' Would Ithe partiesaccused,and justice to them demandstnat your committee should express their sincere belief that the charge* were unfounded, and that there I* not the slightest ground for supposing that either the Engineer or the Assistant Commissioner has, in any respect, tailed to discharge the duties of bis poajilon with ability and fidelity.With reference tf the charges of the Mayor in relation to tbe reservoir, yeur committee also deem it their duty to statethat,Intheiropinion,therenever hasbeenan instance in which Ihe estimates by an engineer of the, probable quantities and of the cost of the work required for a work of thia character, have ao closely approxima- ted to the actual result, and that Mr Craven, so far from being subject to censure for his professional action in that matter, ia deserving of u>e highest commendation.In conclusion. reur committee would report that the ttlon do adjourn. Another general, spicy and charges of his Hoiior have not only not been proven by , followed. The motion waa at length put, and him. but that tney have been thoroughly disproved byiaboutasmanyyeasaanays Acallwasmade theanswersottbeaccused,andyourcommitteetherefore and nays. Everybody wanted to •peak; present for tbe adoption of the Board tb* following resolu-ew more about tbe question than anybody tion:—i result was that a general crimination and re- Resolved, That this Board do Bot concur in the removalin took place, delegate* calling each other re- or Alfred W. Craves, Chief Engineer, aad Thomas B. tap Island, were thrown into a state of alarm aad excitementthe means .of collecting aboutviclniiy one of tbe moat formldahw from opposition wardsplace, several rowdies to create a disturbance.tan. She tied to theresidenceof a friend ofJennings, where ah* naialasl m safaty until she could procureasultahteboardiagbousa Saaaeqosntly,inth*off March, ah* went to live with a married lady m until Juno, et mini 1 I. beams JostmtQuackenbosh. She refused to go to the honat of her pa- rest*, however, andin a lonely ceU all sight, lath*tlon was not shaken la tbe least. Thaithat all efforts to effect n t*sss>ctlte*iun Btwtm th*)secwod that no tellers were needed in nsa, and in accordance with the desire of tbe The undersigned, the snail*! committee to whom werewHswS VOcc}wi Convention proceeded to vote viva voce retorted the messages of his Honor the Mayor, dated theMrof hearty ExJuthe abl<tarn*lattSP ablltiy,therefore declared nominated, and theColonel! respectnj aadSualmost' This(Journod'i Moaart)answers had not been delivered to tbe Mayor, they again adjourned ia order that a service thereof might be made. That the said answers were served on the Mayor on tbe eighteenth day or September, hit., and that the next meeting of your committee was bold oo tbe twentieth ofvirtuous girl, spurned the beat-proposal with scorn, and threatened to leave her parent's roof tf the offer was re- peated. Incredulous as it may appear, Josephine say* that every artifice was used to make her lead a life of shame by him who should h%re been her guardian and protector. At i sight ahe waa forced to place her bed against the bedroom door to guard against intrusion,.and on one occasion the said an effort was made to de- prive her of her anuses by mesa* ot chloroform. Find.ng tnat her father was determined thataso should become a wanton, oa the SOth of February tact an* left bar parent's roof, and nous lit that prwOiMtioa aaaonc stranger* which waa denied tear at bom*, with tiie rest of her history our readers are ^ m * y familiar. Josephinestatedthatahewisshoutseven- teen years of age, and that the attempts oa the part of h°r father to force her to become a courtesan commecced fully three yeare apo. It waa only withia tbe tact year or so, however, that his conduct became unbearable, aad rendered her flight a matter of dire necessity.Dr. Cajnootep waa in attendance upon the wounded girl yesterday, and after holding a consultation w.IDthe other physicians, the case waa pronounced hope:?;*. Last evening, then our reporter visited th* scene of tbe tragedy. Dr. Burdick informed him that, although there was no visible1 change in the patient, still the chances were ted to one against her recovery, ir the ball had not passed out of the stomach,Dr. untilide unanimous, with no small amount the part of Mr. Russells friends.That your committee held their first meeting on the tenth day of September, ult., whan they were attend- ed by Messrs. Craven aad "summoned to the relief of the dying girL He found Jo- sephine lying on the bed, la a state of syncope, but b y means of stimulants and hot applications to ttte feet and lower extremities be soon succeeded in reatorlaj. her to consciousness. Upon probing the wound the physician found that the ball had entered the epigastric region, a little to tbe left of tbe medean line, wounding the dia- phragm. Subsequent discoveries showed thai., besides cutting through tWdiaphragm, tbe ball had pierced the stomach. The patient, after rallying, vomited a largo quantity of blood, but did not complain of any pain. She seemed averse to having anything done whereby ber re-• to propose Mr. Edward C. West for tp. Mr. West, he said was toe present A discharged tbe onerous duties of hiswhich had afferded the fullest satisfac of the bar aad the community in gene- for Surrogate was tb* moat im- Conventioa, a* it involved tbe adjudi-y to tbe extent of millions of dollars. Oiled on* term with distinguished was the duty of the Convention to rewardismofficer with a renomlnation. Ha bad be 1th th* duties of Scrrosate, and, a* a >, was thoroughly qualified for the Judge Dean moved tbe nominationaaamaaattsaP F ras heartily responded to, and Mr. West rnominated by acclamation.C McCtmn, the Tammany nominee, and Schwartzwaelder were next nominated acclamation, for the offices of City JudgeAn attempt waa made to substitute Mr. for Mr. achwartawaelder, bat by an vote the proposition was tabled.the fall ticket, aad the Conventionad- •heerlng for the candidates, Fernando A. Douglas and other favorites of theEVERETT CITY (ANI) COUNTt CONVENTION., , ,The good humored expression that lurks about his cleargray eye travels th* one long, deep curved furrow downhis cheek, and makes its home somewhere in the regionOf his capacious mouth, must always make him friends-He dresses in tbe ordinary style of Western lawyers, blackdoth swallow tailed coat, and pants fitting tightly tohi* long, bony frame; the inevitable black pose ofsatin vest, open low down, and displaying a broad field ventiou I called to order by the election of General upon tbe investigation of his charges, his Honor hasi of the Union party met last evening at 'Broadway and Eighth street, for the pur-and Tappen war* present.The Mayor, however, failed to attend.It Is thus apparent, that while tb* parties accused byig cautiously. KOM.alsofavoredtheadjournment. Onethat there ia not *a single charge tn either of thosemessagea which i t s not thoroughly explained by and had only made one wound in that organt>m hia ward waa absent from sickness, but esent on the 10th.ST, one of the managers of tbe Central opposed adjournment until they exchanged*-"^B*W^WJ5BW«^^^WX^"adjourned without coming to any rase.lt. meeting is fixed for Friday evea'ig.ASSEMBLY CO]to be held at No. 21 avenue D. w TAMMANY ASSEMBX1 CONVENTIONS.the Mayor nave been ready on every occasion of the meet- ; e r ty and county ticket. The Con- ing of your committee to confront the Mayor, and enterRBTCBUCAN ASBEMB|YDiSTmci—Adjouraed until Thursday: meetingrosily bwaatifal Lyon, was forced to quitgtrl, iearthly troubles m a suicide's grav*. OB more than occasionshepurcbaaedlaudanamforthepurposeof self- destruction, but her Jove and respect for the family of Mr. Griffiths prevented her from carrying out bar desire. Adayortwoago, however,ahethought ah*discoveted aa agent of her father's lurking about the house, and, tearfulthataneaterswent*bemade to abdaather,sbo determined t o carry o a t h e r original inten- tion af suicide. Accordingly, on Sunday evening, when Mr. aad Mra. Griffiths war* sitting la the parlor, Josephine retired tb the privacy off bar room, aad pro- curing a padol from the bureau, plaoad tan saui^ie to her cheat and pulled the ratal trigger. The cap did not ex-piode, however, and tt was not until aha bad tried a se-cond aad a third time that ahe could aucoeed in firms; Russerlle,s.ult. eleventh and eighteenth days of July, 1860, asking th* off the weapon. Tn* report of the pistol sooa 75 rotes. concurrence of this Board in the removal of Alfred W. brought th* entire family to the room, and! on entering the apartment they found poor Josephine ly tag weltering in n pool off blood. Dr. Burdick, of West Thirty-sixth street, was instantlyconference. crease the salary of the First Assistant Auditor tn the a dissolute and diareputable partner, wbnte dtea ris opposed the motion, and desired the Con- Comptroller's office to $2,600 per annum, was adopted.^adinus librarv rooms, nave been openea noticed by . person* present, who communicated ,0010118 librar them to an officer, who immediately went where beautiful pictures embellish over to Niebote' to see what was the matter, oa i streets; Charles A. Denike in the chair. An tbe walls, and . iL,apartments in every reaped being entering the house a horrible eight win pre-jspentInexaminingthecredentialsof delegates tablesaadshe! ireTpleoefor *J1womenwho maytake sentedtohiaview. Tbeoldnegrowasfouadsittingdead! tliainsburg, bot no defintte^fesult was arrived at, made an at a resort- Letters were real from some in a chair, •unrounded with a pool of blood, while frag-evening, at half past seven o'clock, in Wash1, corner of Fourth and South Seventh streets, Addresses w afterwards delivered by BOT. Henry mitted having struck her husband with her band durii>gsatisfaction. John Wlatbrop Cbaaler was no- , Gen. Gonzales tad family, of South Carolina, are ttop- The taw provides lhat where a Oorcser for th* danrict inthe Coroner for the neighboring dtetrict shell be called BledlastnighttonominateaCongressman PhU*delp>ui*LS•rooksandtady,ofFlorida;J.H- intoboldaninquest, irMr.StllweU'sactinholdingtbeAn adjouraedNo.t & WastThh-tj-alxth •fthei. »»»•«.•.••••»«•• B4bo,940m n •win n'%ijUii RThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 